By LILLIAN RUSSELL
. .'J|[ ne- ¦ wheel the ; wheel. *the- spinning wheel -
Its fine exuberance /now- I feeh\
.As oer; -the gfpund I.. swiftly go,
While all .tlie dull old world moves stow.
J[[nie winter's past^arid spnng is; here; '
v Gone are r the days of frosty xhe&iv
And to v the spinning wheel T fly, .
And watch the clouds sail gayly by.
Ji[ love the wheel — the spinning wheel-ill
Silvered .. or gilt, or. trusty steel \
I pedal, along on; a- sunny day, l
While earth and its sorrows melt away.
THE SPINNING WHEELTPTP QTTXfn A V ' C* A" f'.Ti '''¦''>••
2
?71 yr OTHER GRUNDT; has somer
f\ f\ thing new to look askance at.
( V I And it is nothing mdre or lesg ;
V» I than the summer hosiery. There
, ¦ ¦¦*¦ used to be a time when luxury •
in footwear was unheard -; of,'
but that time was long before our athletic
girl came into existence. .
' One must be difficult to please if a.
pattern cannot be found to suit, ""for there :
are all sorts and conditions; there are de
signs for those with unassuming- tenden
cies, others for the daintily Inclined,
while some are more" than elaborate and
still others just plain "loud." '-. • '.- •
The most swagger^in'the' new styles ,
are white lisle embroidered-. in black. In
the East there is a clamor for the white
hose, but only the swtftfest of the swc-11
realize that white "Js>theV proper • caper
here. The demand. Is? greater . than the
supply, though, as the •'" dealers were
afraid to bring out any great array. '
Most of these white ones are" imported
affairs, and they are every bit as , dainty i
as anything else that bears a foreign tag.
They are hand embroidered on the instep ¦
betwen the lace open work or are covered,
with French knots. . \ ;.- . ' ¦ : , ,.
1 Thefe stockings give whatthe vast ma-
. jority of them lack— comf orL They are .
extremely thin and cool, atid ; the wearer /
is forever / conscious of swelldom "and."
ease, a combination that is hard to beat.
They axe specially suitable for the colo
nial ties or the low run-abouts are
to be worn so much this summer. Dame
Rumor whispers that even "the opposlie
sex have fallen a victim to, their' charms/
. and it is also whispered that, the \ open
work and embroidery is every whit as
dainty as is seen in my lady's.
I . One of the newest patterns is the "boot"-
I effect. Half of the stocking is black, but
\ the rest of it is white and pink embroid
\ try. The black is put on, not because it
I looks particularly pretty, but because, it
\ is serviceable. White hose are decidedly ;
I uncomfortable for* one reason— they are
' continually and forever soiled, or have
that appearance at any rate.
' The black boot takes away that look.
• The skirt rubs exactly as much, but it
does not show on the black and the stock
ing looks as fresh after a walk as it did
before, and that is much more than one
Could say of all white.
. Ask your grandmother and see wha^ she
says. She will know all about it. - ¦
There is another thing about these
black and white st6ckings. The colored
tcps and the black feet always have y a*
tendency to add to the size of the calf
and to decrease the size of the ankle, a
fact that always adds to theit popularity.
While all things look new, -there is
really nothing that- deserves that name.
There are stripes up and down and' the
same running round;, there are clocks anl
. open work; there are flowers and figured.
and what else is there left? I Not a thing.
¦A manufacturer once said, "Stripes' are
, swell about once in | four, or five years.
.When there is nothing else we'return' to.
them. ..One time we use them vertically
anc 1 the next time circling. But. really,
anything that has not been used for^a
number of years is new.'.' • ¦ ' v
So you see, while you may imagine that
your- hosiery is' awfully swell and awfully
new, you are mistaken. " i '
.For the iow, patent run-abouts black and
white stripes are -just about as swagger
as anything else. , There is one band of
silk and one of lisle, then eight of white
and one of black, .making the broad 'and
narrow effect.' They are pretty, but? they
do not: look well on a slender person. In
fact., no vertical stripes do. So let the
slight girl beware! ; .
¦•Another pair for iow shoes has a variety
of colors. The stripe effect is still carried
out, but not in such a pronounced fashion.
Between the bands of white; silk are
buckles "of green on the black background.
The'buckle part of it is really odd and it
has proved; remarkably catchy, .
Of course there are - some people • who
will always wear black, and when one
Ififfij
comes to , think of It there ¦ is nothing"
vmt>re dainty and ..prettier looking. The
lace, open work are quite the latest in
'• black," but. all most terribly perishable.
Just a cobweb of lace 'that will tear with'
, the slightest' excuse, but to some people
v that only enhances their value. ¦ *_¦ ' ,, '
Naturally silk hose are the (dream of
every girl, and, as a rule,' they are only a
/ dream. ! There is "a fit pair of light blue
and black.- The black forms the boot idea
in back and a suggestion of the same is
carried about to the front and;is used to,
make a ladder effect. The . top' part !is of'
the solid blue and is not of the open work
as, is the rest of it." They are simply the
- swellest ever and they, cost ; such a;
fancy priqe that no one need' ever think
they, will be common. There is no. such
good luck as that. Silk fits so snugly and
is so easy on the feet that it is irresistible.
Besides, there is that luster that is always
lacking in other hosiery, and that is desir
able.;. It is like taffetaa. There are all
• kinds of imitations, but nothing- comes,
anywhere near it and everything else
looks like a grand bluff. .-> _
¦' The sock effect is carried i out in any
• number of light colors. A pretty pair of
fancy ones is a combination of pink, white
.. and k black. 1 The black is the. ' back, as
usual, and the white forms the other half.
Just where the pink, black and white
should blend is a fancy strip of white
which completely encircles the .limb, and
above that comes the pink. ' They are not
peculiar looking at all,, but, are the ideal
hose to wear with these new slipper boots
which lace from the vamp to. the ankle.
That gives the stocking a chance to show
between the ribbon and the idea is* a cute
orie^ ¦ .' '
The half hose is put together in numer
ous ways." Blue and white,, that is, dark
: blue and white, with the lighter color for
a \ background, is decidedly /nifty looking.
The darker shade forms the back .of the
ankle, the white and blue ladders the an
kle and the white forms the tops.
Arid, let me tell you something. When
ever you v see zigzags you may. know at
once that the stockings arc an expensive
pair. No matter how homely you may
consider them, they cost more money than
would seem warranted. And the reason is~
thip. The machine can make. only one
half of the. zigzag and the other half
must be. finished by: hand. That requires
. girls who understand their. business thor
oughly,' for the stitches must be just so
-'or else they' will' drop a.. thread" here and
j there and. r'uns', would be the consequence...
But therms "an6tKe"r~difficuIty to contend
•with as .well. ,. As -a rule such combina
tions are with light and dark colors and
the stitches are taken on the darker shade
which Is "i'most> trying to the eyes! ,There
are few girls who -.will: do' that bind of
work/ as ; their eyes, give out .completely.
' Two dozen pairs is about the limit, so
you may see how busy it keeps these large
manufacturers securing such .. labor.
So when you see your neighbor running
about with stockings of that description
you. may. put itdown that she is a good
judge of hosiery. v
. Pale pinks, dainty blues and white are
popular • for boudoir .wear, and t with a
dainty kimono or a smart dressing gown
: make a very charming effect. ' High
| heeled 'French slippers are. advantageous
..: in displaying the beauty of this . novelty. ;
A unique 1 style has jjppeared.' that prom
ises to be popular. .' The background is
white.> just plain 'white, with no attempts
¦at any. gingerbread work.. Commencing
aUthe exact place where a low shoe stops
is a broad band of solid i>''w;k. The black
is zigzagged on either side so that the
¦ white seems 1 ragged as well." The. stripes
• avf so I broad that • there is "only . space.
E for/ two of them op: a stocking. , so you
may imagine their width. There really, is
nothing pretty about them, but they are,
I* to say the 'least, a startling novelty.
'- The modest maid who does not care to
• display ordinary black hosiery and who
thinks that the vast majority of them are
C too gay, : has a happy medium in black
with some dainty little roses of pink and
red that are embroidered by. hand. In no
event are there more than, six, generally
three pink and; three red; but the pattern
changes just enough to give a slightly dif
ferent effect.
': These roses. are a French idpa and are
often put on in a Frenchy manner and
they arc just catchy enough to hold their
own. .Some dealers say they are too pori
ular as all hand work is more than-diffi
cult-: to-, obtain, 1 , but that is neither " : here
nor there to the fair, maids, and just at
present all femininity is busy 'selecting
. *4Aie stockings for | their .\ summer ' outfits,
•regardless of smiles , or' frowns.
STOCKINGS THAT ARE DREAMS OF BEAUTYAnother • good -thing about ¦ Cornelius'
religion was the practical turn "'it',' took.
Then in strong .tones he . heard the
words of Jesus - read — "I am .the '¦ good
shepherd; the good shepherd giveth his
life for the sheep. I know my sheep, and
am known of -mine.' I- give unto them
eternal life, and they shall never per
ish, neither shall any men pluck them
out of , my hand." followed the
brief and earnest prayer, commending
the family to the Father's care and
thanking him for every good gift. In
closing the sweet voices of .'. the little
children united in the ; Lord's Prayer,
"the simplest form of speech that Infant
lips can try." : . . •
• Did ever •¦ any. household, worshipers of
Buddha or followers of Confucius, begin
a day with a service like that? Shall we
compare them— the dim searchlngs after
an unknown God, If haply they may find
him— with the" clear shining of the true
light in Jesus Christ? Shall "we compare
the dreary hopelessness of any other
faith with the ¦ everlasting .' consolation
and good hope through grace In : which
tin Christian rejoices? Rather, we will
say, as did one ( of the representatives of
the Chrlstlah ; faith in that congress, "I
possess a treasure : compared with , which
all else in the world Is as dross; a treas
ure so rich that I want to share It with
all -mankind."- -¦•" ¦-¦* •-¦• -• •• ---.--.. --...- .
Never did the words sound so sweet!
The contrast drew more and more impas
sive as the hymn went on:
Dear name, the rock on which I build.
My shield and hiding place;
My never failing treasure, filled I
With boundless stores of grace!
And to the weary, rest!
saying of Jesus, "By their fruits ye shall
know them," and wonder how there could
be any one Id that audience, born and edu
cated In a Christian land, who could ap
plaud the utterances of the eloquent but
benighted Hindoo. Can It be possible that
any Intelligent woman has a word of favor
for a religion whose teachings are degrad
ing to her sex and- whose fruits are so
bitter In millions of hopeless lives? While
thinking thus a clear voice In an adjoin
ing room began to sing:
How sweet the name of Jesus sound!
In a believer's ear!
It soothes his sorrows, heals his wounds.
And drives away his fear. .
It makes the wounded spirit whole.
It calms the troubled breast;
'Tis manna to the hungry aoul,
The patriarchs were priests in their own
families; so should every father be a
priest of God in his own family, minister
ing in holy things. The father has much
to do in making family religion possible.
St. Luke gives us In the book of Acts, In
the life of Cornelius, some idea of what
a father can do in making a Christian
home. After the preaching of Peter, when
Cornelius became a Christian, he brought
his whole family with him. Cornelius was
a good man; his religious life was such
as to give his children confidence in him.
They had faith in his piety and so his
teaching had some weight with them.
Cornelius "feared God"; his religious life
took hold of God and recognized his su
preme claims above mere struggling duty.
His religious life wasn't simply a matter
of respectability or humanltarianlsm; he
acknowledged all that was good in himself
and all that he might do for others was
Inspired of God, to whom he was respon
sible. Just imagine Cornelius saying "I
will be a respectable man, pay my honedt
bills and treat my neighbor on the
square." and then stopping there,' as
many do in our day. This recognizing of
God In one's religion, this emphasizing of
the divine above the human, Is essential,
would a father Impress his children for
real piety. A religion that Is all humani
tarian and without the spiritual and su
pernatural element will not prove of much
inspiration and- strength to. children The
same might be said of a religion that Is
all intellectuality. < Some years ago the
editor of one of the leading religious pa
pers of this country published In his paper
"One Morning's Meditations.", He had
picked up a daily, paper that morning
which was very suggestive to him. On the
first page appeared the sad announcement
of the death, by his own hand of one
whose name had long been familiar . Said
he, "Oh. the sorrow and pity of It for his
family and for himself It- opens- another
chapter in the record of human grief an
other channel for the floods of human
tears." But, turning the page, he read an
account of the Parliament of Religions In
Chicago, and an address from a disciple
of Buddha, How dreary it seemed not
withstanding the eloquence of the learned
Buddhist! "And he declares that his faith
so like an iceberg surrounded with fog, is
equal to, and In *¦ many respects better
than, the glowing faith of the. Christian!"
Where would Buddha help a woman in
sorrow like that of my friend? Where has
that religion ever offered comfort to any
of the millions of women, the wretched
widows who live always under, a; curse
where Buddha Is worshiped?- I recall the
interests of the child. Children should be
trained and educated to be a blessing to
the country as well as the home. That
this might be so, the foundation of a good
character must be laid in childhood. To
do this parents must be good themselves.
According to the fable, the mother crab
said to the daughter: "Go forward, my
daughter, go forward!" The daughter re
plied. "Good mother, do you show me the
way!" Whereupon -the mother, crawling
backward and sidling, as she was wont,
the daughter cried out^ "Ho, mother! I
go just as you do!" So does the life of
parents count far more than emptv words
in shaping the characters of their chil
dren. Example goes farther with children
than mere precept.
How\ different must have been the fam
ily, devotions in the home of , the young
man, one of a family of six boys, whose
father conducted , a large business which
demanded ! his constant attention, when
he is able to say: "My father's influence
over his boys is largely due to two things
—the dally family altar, where his pray
ers made an impression upon us,, and the
Sunday ' afternoon l , talks and ¦ readings
which we were accustomed to have with
him." "Who ' can estimate ; the influence of
the life of a, godly father? How much
we need a'generatlon of fathers like the
one a gentleman writes: about in the
American v Messenger. He ¦ bears the ! fol
lowing-testimony: to the Influence of his
godly father:;. ; \ --,.--
I believe with President Hyde 'of Bow
doln College ¦ that family worship- should
be like family life— free and unconstrain
ed. Says President Hyde: "The aus
terity and somberness with which many
people conduct, family worship make the
children, dread rather than ¦ love it." He
then gives an illustration which he knew
to have occurred in a strict Puritan house
hold. The only son, a ¦ boy of 8 or ; 10
years, was . following as' best he, could
the morning ". lesson. Struck by some
startling _ and ; paradoxical ¦ expression, fie
ventured to inquire: "Father, what does
that . mean?" "Hold ; your v gabble and
study your Bible," was the ¦?¦ reassuring
and edifying .answer he 'received* And
yet I have no doubt that for the thirty
years that", followed, : in which that
• son'took no interest and 'saw no beauty
in religion, .the father Was secretly pray
ing all the time for' hlg*. conversion and
wondering why his " prayers • were not
answered. Our children 'muBt be taught
the masculine • religion of, thought and
outward expression, as well a3 the -fem
inine religion -of sentiment and -, inward
feeling ¦ If -they are: to go out from" our
homes to 'found Christian' homes of;thelr
own; if their religion is v to : stand the
wear and tear of: real life.
He "gave much, alms to the people."
Devotion to God cannot be genuine with
out devotion to our fellow men. Many a
father would impress his children more
favorably if his devotion should take a
more . practical ( turn. Then, Cornelius
was a man of prayer. ; He' "prayed -to
God alway." ( What a ! beautiful example
of a godly father we have in Cornelius,
leading his <•- family; in inquiring' after
God!. He besought God ¦> continually for
his own salvation and /also that of his
family, which to him. was identified with
his own. :;•*- — " '
"If he did not walk in all the com
mandments and ordinances of the Lord
blameless he did so in an eminent de
gree. He was a farmer, . in the common
walks of life, and was content with his
lot. Religion was with him the supreme
thing. It was his belief that the chief
end of man was to glorify God and to •
enjoy him, forever, •- and this he sought
to do. "He had his f amilv altar, on which
Incense • was ; daily . offered, j both, morning
and evening. The Bible was regarded
und treated as the inspired word of God.
and, was daily read in the family, in con
nection with Scott's 'Practical . Observa
tions.' ¦. He sought to bring up his chil
dren in the nurture and admonition of the
Lord, and * was . an example to them . by
his own godly - walk. ;. He taught them
to regard the Sabbath as ", the Lord's
day,- and required 1 them, to keep It- In a
becoming manner. He was punctual In
his attendance ' on the .worship, of the
sanctuary, and commanded his I children
after him in- this way of- the Lord., He
was • seldom, absent . from the ¦ prayer
meeting. -He was a. member, of ttne'Sab
bath-echbol' and one of its teachers. He
contributed liberally of his means for
the spread of -the gospel, and. advised his
children to do' the same. . He was honest
and upright in all his dealings with his
fellow, men, and - benevolent toward -the
widow and\the ' fatherless. V- His :rellgion
was . manifest even v in j the » treatment ¦ i of
his. dumb-, animals, providing -for them
suitable shelter and abundant food* and
never ; abusing 'or T overworking them..
During his last long and painful Illness
he manifested Christian ' patience, and
"was j uncomplainingly 'Submissive to. the
will of God. t-; His ¦ end : was peace. . : ¦
"My father ."died: more than sixty years
ago when I was but. twelve years of age.
yet It distinctly remember, him, - and the
godly life that he lived has been an abid
ing presence ,wlth me and. a restraining In
fluence upon me. .It has been to me a life
long sermon,' more .Influential than any
spoken by - human lips ' to which = I have
ever listened. ~ I- don't remember, that :my
father ever spoke a word ..to me on per
sonal religion,* but . his whole life ' was an
appeal. T never had aT doubt that: it was
his uppermost' desire ' concerning me that
I should ••become a- Christian.' .;I" remem
ber .that there"- were times when I desired
some special f aVor of him, and ¦ was - half
inclined.to say. to. him that >if: he would
grant it I, would become a Christian, be
lieving-that:, this wouldbe the. most
weighty- consideration; by which I could
appeal to him.'-*' My remembrances* of 'him
Such a mother lives as a saint of God
, In her home and rules with marvelous pa
tience, winning tenderness and undying
love. .Her good life reproduces itself in
"the happiest development of her children
in strong Christian character. Let the
children -bear, their own testimony. -
Samuel, fhe servant of God.-was the son
of praying parents. .Timothy, the friend
of St. Paul, knew the scriptures from a
child. Augustine owed < everything to his
mother's: prayers. "Susannah Wesley's
hand," says Dr. . Cuyler, "rings all . the
Methodist church bells around. the globe
•to-day." The- impressions she left on her
One great secret of, the mother's influ
ence over her children is the faith they
have In -her and their love for her, what
ever her life: This is one reason for tha
truth of Emerson's saying: '.'Men are
what their mothers made • them." -. This
story is told of one of the sons of Em
peror William' of Germany: Tha court
preacher was Instructing him - In ; some
matters at Biblical doctrine. The preach
er told him that all men were sinners, and
in need of a Savior. ' "Is that true," said
the boy, "of kings, princes, and other
great people?" "Yes," 7 was the preacher's
response, "it is true of kings and princes
as well as peasants.". The young prince
was silent for awhile, and then he an
swered: "Well, it; may be true 'of my
father, but I am sure it is not true of my
mother!',' That was a noble tribute to a
noble mother;, but the great' danger Is
that so many, children look about the
same way upon their, mothers who are
not the Christian character. she is. What
made the, prince's such a mother was the
saving grace of God. The young prince's
own sweef mother is said to be what she
ls^-a- woman of highest honor,- of spotless
life, and queenly service, - through her
faith in Jesus Christ.
Mrs. L. H. Slgoumey writes :
And say to mothers, what a holy charge la
theirs;
"With what kingly powers their love
Might rule the fountain of new born mind;
Warn them to wake at early dawn and sow
Good seed before the world has sown Its tares.
What greater blessing can a father have
for himself, , or bequeath . to the world,
than children with Christian integrity
whose good influences multiply in all di
rections from each one of their lives.
How much more the mother has to do
with the moral atmosphere of the home
than the father. It is mainly she who
shapes the home influence and imparts to
it its prevailing atmosphere. This is seen
in her influence over her children. A
mother with genuine, hearty, loving trust
in God, and whose life is full of faith
meekness and obedience to the will of
God, will exercise great power over her
sons and daughters. They can never get
away from the sweet memory. that Christ
was their mother's Friend and Lord.
•Her children rise up and call her bia
sed."
are such as every Christian parent might
well desire that his children should cher
ish concerning him."
The life of such~a father cannot fail to
reap its fruit for God in due season. A
father could bequeath no better legacy to
Em cnlld i"en than such a godly example
which is infinitely better than gold and
silver or any other earthly good.
Happy Indeed that child who can say
with Cowper:
My boast is not that I deduce my birth -
.From loins enthroned, or rulers of the earth;
Hu t higher far my proud pretensions ris« —
The son of parents passed Into the skies.
There are strong and timely words. I
would that every parent might have them
written !n letters of gold and hung in a
conspicuous place in the home. God, who
Instituted the family, has commanded
that his words should be cherished In the
hearts of parents, that they should teach
them diligently unto their children. "Thou
Fhalt talk of them when thou slttest In
thine house, and when thou walkest by
the way, when thou liest down and riseth
up." Diligently, patiently, prayerfully,
daily are parents to impress the truth of
God upon their children. The religious life
of children must be carefully guarded and
cultivated.- -The Intellectual and physical
must not be placed before * the spiritual
This is indeed a painful truth, and is
fraught with serious consequences to both
parents and children. It is claimed by
some that there is a decline In church at
tendance and it is regretted as a 'serious
thing, but a more serious danger con
fronts us in the decline 6f family religion.
It is a very dark outlook for both church
and country when home religion is laid
aside. "Can it be a home, a child's home,
without religion?" asks Rev. G. S.
Reaney, and then he answers in these
forceful words: "It -must be a house,
beautiful, enriched with art. knowledge
and music; but without religion, without
thoughts about God, without prayer, pen
itence, pweet Sabbath, faith, love and
seeking after a life of holiness — it cannot
be a home. This needs no argument. It
needs much emphatic repetition and it
needs deep belief. All children are natur
ally religious. They have wonder, awe,
reverence, trust, tenderness, the keenest
serfe and love. No "learning' comes so
naturally to a child as the learning of
God. The talk of children about God is as
the talk of wise men. There must be reli
gion if there is to be a home. We who
are afking that all education shall be re
ligious, are. of all people, bound to see
that our children find their first faith,
their first prayer, their first thought of
God,, at home. When the schoolmaster
gets our boys he ought to find that there
is one elementary thing: In their education
well begun— re'ldor.. To send a boy or
i?ir! into the *r?w world' of a school with
out prayer, fa'th. love, reverence and
some experience toward God. Is to send
those most precinus to us into their first
day into the world and In life as unfitted
for that world and for that life as a hea
then child."
A distinguished missionary recently. In
a letter printed in the Advance, expressed
his keen sorrow at the decline of family
worship. He states that before he depart
ed from this country for the mission
fields In 1859 he doesn't remember of a
Christian home in which family worship
¦was not observed daily. He declares,
however, that on his recent visit he find*,
to the sorrow of his heart, instead of the
former prevailing custom now there Is no
gathering of the family tor worship • of
God. He bases his statement on the ob
servations of the Christian homes in
¦which he has been entertained. :
The vrork of child salvation must begin
in the fair I y. Nothing <Is^ cm ub titu o
for the home work. Even the thuich i«
only to supplement the training of thr>
home, which is to be kept as the holy of
holies. Home religion is the truest, most
beautiful, most lasting and most difficult
type of religion. The better the home the
stronger the church and better the con
dition of the country. The nation that
ignores the sacredness of the home has
nothing like common morality, and its
government cannot be permanent. We
are living In a critical time— a period
when there was never a greater need of
home religion. There are great wrongs to
be made right and terrible evils to be
crushed. We must find the secret of true
reform at the fireside. Many of the youth
of our land are going out into the busy
world with no decided convictions on re
ligion; they are indifferent to the calls of
the church and of God. and are being
swept along with the tide of mere world
liness. Our time demands Christian
character of the purest and" sturdiest
type. To have this we must have real
Christian homes. To have these, parents
must walk in holiness of heart before
God. It is to be feared that family re
ligion is on the decline, and the family
altar is not so common among profess
edly Christian homes as It has been in the
past.
In the home is taught the first lessont
*ji ii.a^iiiii\, 'aiiu-u.<; ii!i.i 11'uk.s. oi a •
that 1 is good and pure are - here Tiroughl
forth", nurtured and largely developed.
Here is the first impulse given to all the
best possibilities of the religious life. Im
morality and incivility will increase to the
digree that a people depart from the high
Ideate of the Christian home. Dr. A. J.
Oooke says: "Never will there be that
piety, that serious devotion to religion in
the church, until tremendous importance
is attached to the religious culture and
experience of children."
Then how essential it is that the home
be well grounded in the word of God.
that family religion be of a pure anri
happy type. "God meant when he made
us." says the Rev. Dr. Theodore Cuyler,
'"that we should live in families. There
is no such school of true religion on the
globe as a well governed, God-honoring
home; it underlies both the church ana
the commonwealth. The most primitive
of all churches is the church in the
home. There stands the domestic altar;
there is felt a Christian culture, which
molds character from the cradle clear on
to the judgment seat. It is the nursery
of .he noblest lives. It is the earliest anJ
sur-. st preparation for the home not made
with hands — eternal in the heavens. Out
Cram many an humble farmhouse, which
hau only a calico curtain in the winnow
and a rag carpet on the floor, has gradu
ated the noble manhood which has iU.eJ
:n church and state aad gone on fore f*r
nr'--f:irt-»s tc 'he heathen vorV ''
rTvHE home institution being so close-
I My identified with the life of church
I ¦ and state, the character of its in-
I :fluence depends largely upon the
X • moral atmosphere pervading the
home. Lying, as the home does, as the
foundation stone of all civilization, ami
being as it is the guarantee of all that
is good and permanent in government,
there can be nothing more vitally im
portant than homes of real piety. "De
moralize the family," says one, "and you
thereby destroy both domestic and na
tional happiness and undermine complete
Iy the temple of virtue and hope, and pre
pare the way for moral and civil desola
tion." . v - *
Illustrious sons was never effaced. Bishop
Hall had reason to thank God for a moth
er who taught him much divine truth and
gave him many pious lectures. Dr. Dodd
ridge's mind never lost the impression
" made upon it by the wise and piou3
teaching of his godly mother. She taught
him the history of the Old and New Tes
taments before he could read. John Quin
cy Adams, not long before he died, was
visited by a gentleman who said to him:
"I have found out who made you." "What
do you mean?" he asked. "I have been
reading the published letters of your
mother." The old man's eyes, it is said,
flashed brightly, as he rose and said in his
peculiar way: "Yes, sir: all that is good
in me I owe to my mother." His mother
wrote to him when twelve years of age:
"I would rather see you laid in your grave '
than to grow up a profane and. graceless
boy."
Abraham Lincoln's mother died when
he was a mere lad. and yet her influence
upon him was imperishable and ineradi
cable. Not long before h!s lamented
death he said, with his eyes dimmed with
tears and his voice tremulous with emo
tion, "All I am or can be I owe to my
angel mother."
One of the secrets of John Ruskln'3
power and charms in literature is that
his mind was early saturated with Bible
teaching. He tells us that every morning
his mother closeted herself with her son,
and no one was allowed to ¦ interrupt
them. Each morning he learned a few
verses of the Bible by heart, and repeat
ed two or three chapters to her.
John Randolph said only one thing ever
saved him from atheism; that was tha
tender remembrance of the hour when a
devout mother, kneeiing by his side, took
his little hand in hers and taught him to
say, "Our Father, who art in heaven."
So subtract from the men and women
whom we are pleased to "call" great all
they owe to the, influence of the mothera
who bore and bred them, and the giants
will be left as pigmies. The power and
authority with which . they speak is but
an expression of the influence of their
first teacher-mother. They have received
their stimulus to all their excellence and !
usefulness from pious mothers .
This is not mere- sentimentalism, as
some may be inclined to consider it, but
real, downright godly living in the home
we are pleading for. The memory of
mother lingering thus with her children
should be a holy one, which will abide
when all else is forgotten. It is sacred
and sweet while mother lives, and a per
petual inspiration when the bright flow
ers bloom above her sleeping ashes. The
sons and daughters; look upon such a
mother as an incarnation of goodness.
But think of the baneful influence upon
the children when their parents have no
concern whatever for their religious life.
Many parents are so" absorbed in business
pursuits, in becoming rich or in seeking
their own pleasure that they not only
neglect their own spiritual interests, but
those of their children. If many children
get any religious instruction it must come
from outside the home. So many parents
are careless concerning their own lives
while their children are growing up; they
are expecting much from their children,
while they fail to set the right example.
Think of a father saying that he has not
prayed in his home or read the Bible for
twenty-five years! The mother has also
been as careless and indifferent concern
ing the religious training of the children.
The children have never known the hal
lowed influence of a Christian home, nor
have they ever had the Inspiration to holy
living that comes from the mlnistriea of
the sanctuary of God. We are shocked
at the way the heathen world exposed
their children, to danger. At the very
time Jesus was taking children in his
arms and blessing them the heathen
world was offering its children to Moloch,
exposing them on th« highways or bring
ing them up for vi'.e purposes in licentious
worship of the gods when prompted by
motives of lust or gain or economy. The
, rights of. children had but little recogni
tion. But even in our day many parents
seem totally indifferent to the claims ot
childhood. -'Sa.y». Walter Thomas Mills:
"."The -rights* of children are not recog
nlzed'when 10,000 children in Chicago are
bearing -the burdens of as many men and
are beset with temptations that no man
ought to face. 'Suffer little children,' said
our Lord, and we suffer them to go about
our streets with begrimed faces, tattered
clothes and bare feet, besmeared with to
bacco and bearing the stench of the grog
shop on their breath."
It doesn't make much difference with
multitudes of children whether they are
in the home or out of it; for the moral
influence of their homes (?) is no better
than what they find on the street or in
unhallowed places. Their first tempta~
tion to wrong comes within their own
homes. These children are what they are
made — they are more to be pitied than
censured. We might as well turn chil
dren loose to the outside contaminating
forces of the devil as to bring the devil to
them into the home In the form of social
evils.
The devil and all his forces are arrayed
against the childhood of to-day. And if
the parents or guardians are careless and
negligent of their holy trust there can be
but little hope for the rising generation.
The children will be tempted from with
out; they should never be tempted in the
home. To-day many sons and daughters
are eating the ashes of the apples of the
dead sea. There is nothing left to them,
worth living for. They can't much longer
fight against the odds. Every hand pushes
them nearer the bottom, and by and by
the end comes. Trace back their down
ward course and you will find the testi
mony of many is, "My parents taught me
to drink wine like a> lady or gentleman.*'
How sad that the lives of so many chil
dren and youth are sacrificed to the ques
tionable social customs of the times! We
are so much inclined to run from one ex
treme to another. The purity of the horns
must be preserved. -
To accomplish this the reading matter
of the children must ' be carefully
watched. Nothing Is doing more to wreck
the lives of childhood, to enfeeble their
minds, poison their hearts, making the
wholesome restraints of home and re
ligion burdensome and hateful than per
nicious literature. How criminally careless
are many parents in this matter of read
ing. The dally newspaper has the free
right of way in most homes. Now, not
every dally newspaper .is fit to circulate
freely among children.- Even in some of
the most wholesome newspapers there Is
much matter that has a tendency to en
feeble^ the mind and pollute the heart,
and the child must be kept from it. The
most dangerous of all reading is a page
of poison diluted with a grain of moral
teaching, whether found In the newspaper
or the gilt-edged book. Some parents are
more oareful as to .what their children
eat or wear than what they read; but
what they read has more to do with their
success In life than anything else. When
children become Interested in first-class,
high-toned literature they are well start
ed on the highway of safety.
All this will take time— a very precious
commodity with most parents: but to
what more profitable use can you put it
than In saving your boys and girls from
open disgrace and preventing them from
being dragged Into the mire of sin.
Harriet M. Morris writes in a most tell
ing manner on this Important theme In
one of - our periodicals. She expresses
herself - as ' sadly conscious that thou
sands of j mothers are so overburdened
that the actual demands of life from day
to-day consume all . their time and
strength. ."But," says she, "of two
evils choose the least; and which would
you call the least— an unpolished stove
or an untaught boy? Dirty windows or
a child whose confidence yon have failed
to gain? Cobwebs In the corner or a son
over whose soul ' a crust has formed ao
strong that you despair of melting' It
with your hot tears and your fervent
prayers?" She further states: "I have
seen a woman "who was absolutely Ignor
ant • of her children's habits of thought,
who never felt that she could spare a
half-hour. '.tc* read or talk to them. I
have seen > this - woman spend ten min
utes in Ironing a sheet f there were six
In the washing), one; hour in fluting the
ruffles and 'arranging' the puffs of her
little girl's 'sweet white dress.' thirty
minutes polishing ' tln3 which . were al
ready bright and clean, forty minutes In
frosting and decorating a cake for tea,
because 'company' was expected."
Parents should ever keep.hiJmind that
God will hold them responsible for the
spiritual . well-being ot their children.
Parents are in duty bound to guide their
children, in the heavenly way. They may
not be able to save the children of all
the world, but the least they can do is
to make sure of the children of their own
households. , God's period is that of ch.*ld
hood; that period should be .wisely used
by. parents. .
,=-' --; ,- - _? ' .;:¦¦'¦:-. ¦.•¦'-.'¦;-¦'¦¦ -vt ¦','•¦!:''¦'• ¦¦¦'i ; ¦'¦¦¦.'¦¦''•>¦' ¦' ;*,.•••
TIl.^; SUNDAY CALTj.
THE MORAL ATMOSPHERE OF THE HOME
3Continued on Page Five.
; «^y S I am yet very, young, I have not
f ; I .fully-' decided what . I should like
f— I .to ; be, although '.- 1 have partially
;\V . I >_ decided I should like to go to the ;
JL Naval Academy at Annapolis, be
cause it ; is ' not ' only advancing '. your edu
\ cation,' but . you are continually : traveling
and seeing the" world, which,- of course, IS '
better . : than any geography can show ¦ oi
teach/ but not -taking. into consideration,
" you have - the . honor of ; wearing Uncle .
Sam's, brass buttons,' and In case of war
share in defending our country.
We are t constantly building. more ships
allthe time, and;by the time I am. ready '
" to:, enter"; the academy .there - will, be an
endless number of ..vacancies to ¦ fill, so
there will * not • be ' so much difficulty ¦ In •
getting a place on one of these ships.'
TIBBELL FLETCHER,
Clement School.
MY first ambition Is to graduate
with, high honors from the
finest and best mechanical
school in the country. After
graduating 1 hope to enter
some large iron works as an apprentice
and -gradually rise till I become master
mechanic. After that I .would like to en
ter/the mechanical drawing, rooms,. where
I > could , become a . f airly, ' good 5 draughts
man, after should like' to enter
the office and rise; till r become a mem
ber or owner of the iron works. :
f'l think -I shall never have a desire to
enter political life,- but if I should,; and
should be nominated for President or any
omce, I should never buy a .vote nor
promise any man a position for the sake
of his vote; -and above all -no amount of
money or promise of k political position
would induce me to vote for a man 1
thought unworthy of- that office.
. I hope that some' time' after I; have;
learned all- 1 can. in this country! can
travel all over-the world and become ac
quainted with foreign machinery and im
provements, besides the way they, ; are :
used. I also hope that some day I shall
be an inventor of some Invention that. will
greatly^ help ahe world in- solving aerial
navigation. - ?.
And above all I wichto be a gentleman
Machinery Is , coining more and niore
into f use in 'the extension of railroads,
the development of mines and the dig
ging of canals and In the promotion of
different manufacturing enterprises. The
opening up of new countries and the de
velopment of others, especially the . Phil
ippines and China,'- will greatly Increase
the demand : for - large quantities - of ; all
kinds of machinery and competent men
to take charge of it.
; - In order that I may be> 1 successful in
this particular line It will be necessary
that I should receive a thorough and
practical education, which can only be ob
tained by constant and careful study " In
the different grades through which I am
to pass. First I will finish the grammar.
next the high or preparatory school' and
then the university. If successful as a
btudent In. these various schools I ought
to.be prepared to take up practical en
gineering. •
My reasons for preferring this class of
work are that It will be , ; more In | accord •
¦with my taste and desire; easier .- for me
to understand and : it offers the best ; field
for success and reward."
IN forming plans for -my .future work
I have concluded to become ¦ a me
chanical engineer, as that profession
seems best to fill the ibject of my am
¦ bltion. )
ELW00D C. BOO BAB,
Crocker School.
If at flrst : you don't rucceed.
Try, try again. •
and.a* friend and helper to everynoflv.
sincerely hope that after all . my * travels
and ambitions are ended, and I sit down
to think,- I will always remember a few
lines of poetry:
JAMES PENNTE PABKEB,
Crocker School.
He was brave and honorable to his
country and kind to his men who were
under his command. This brave
man was killed in a skirmish on the
island of Luzon. He died for his coun
try, and that is what I would like to
do. 1 was born and reared In San Fran
cisco, and so I would like to belong to
the regulars of the Presidio. A general
In George Washington's time had It a
great deal harder than the generals of
to-day.
In those days. a general or • a private
didn't know when he would next have
anything to eat or drink. - That Is the
kind of general I would like to be To
be a general I would have to go to the
West Point military school, where you
learn all about the . army. There you
have to serve, a certain number of years
so as to be a fit man to command the
soldiers. I would like to be a genera! of
the cavalry, because they ride on horse
back and can chase the enemy a lone
distance, and have a better chance of
catching them than the\ infantry has
The cavalry have to have large guns
that shoot a long distance. The horses
of the cavalry have to be treated very
TV X Y wlsh w hen * man Is to be a
I \/\ general In the United States
I y I army, because he has to make
V * I all the plans of the battle,
JL and the responsibility of the
fight rests upon him. He has to be brave
and honorable to his- country, to bj a
general In an army like the United
States army. I would like . to be a gen
eral like General Lawtcn was before he
wai killed In tke Philippine war.
kindly by the men or they will not do
all the work required for . them. If a
horse gets shot in battle the men uso his
body for a defense and shoot from, be
hind it.
While I know tnat the object to be at
tained Is difficult, and that it requires
a great deal of hard work and study, still
l have courage and energy enough to
carry . toe through successfully.
W. WILLIAMS,
Raphael Weill Night School.
WHEN a young boy. hardly fit
to be called a youth, starts out
on life's journey, his first
thought nearly always Is of all
what he will be and what he
will do. When one looks at the road at
life all is even, smooth and straight and
. the trees and flowers bloom along the
path, when there appears before th<?
youthful traveler's eyes, two / separate
roads branching- from this one. One looks
pleasant, smooth and, in fact, a continu
ation of the first, but at the end there are
pitfalls, traps, and these come when It Is
too late to turn back. The other looks
rough and uneven at the start, but only
a. little way on reappear the flowers and
trees of the main path. This is not to
. fchow that every boy ha* had luxuries in
hie Infancy and in his boyhood, but to
illustrate the advantages the majority
of them have had. To look at the most
important advantages we find; First, the
guardianship and training given to us by
our parents; second, the period we have
had for improving our mind and charac
ter for the time when we shall have to
fight the battles of life.
If a boy has followed up these advan
tages he may be pretty sure to know
what he is going to be with no need to
hope for it. Nearly all boys have vain,
wild drearcs of "when I grow up to be a
man." This is true with myself, for as
yet I em only a boy. I have good par
ents. Some boys have not. And by the
help of God alone I know what I shall be
The subject, "What I hope to be," is
a rather peculiar one, including a va
riety* of hints for every boy who has to
start himrtlf in life.
Looking. into own near future, I see
these Questions appear, namely: First,
Is my manhood to be a useful one? Sec
ond, am I going to be a vagabond or an
honored, respected man? Third, how shall
I mrfke mine a useful life?
My manhood can be and is going to be
a useful one If I try to make it so.
If I am rich I have but few chances to
be great unless 1 put myself on a level
with the poor, struggling boy who is sure
to succeed. Supposing I happen to be
poor, my character, formed from infancy,
will show what I will be. Take a look
at the great m*>n of our country— McKin-
U?y, Lincoln, Garfield. Clay and many
others. Non<? of these celebrated men
were born of rich parents— yet to-day,
though three of them have been brutally
;u^as.sinated., their nann-s live now and
will !ive forever.
Abraham Ltreoln had none. of the op
pcrtunities wbi< h many a boy has to-day
yet he became ciiief executive of a split'
qiarreling nation and a savior to what
v.a- then thought to be a degraded ln
. ferior class of people. How did he be
come so great? It is true that his mother
trained him. But he alone formed his
noble, honest character and swelled his
already great heart to have pity on th»
«sia\ - es.
So myself and every boy in the world
struggling to be something need not hope
for it. He may be certain that if he keeps
•way from bad company, abstains from
NATHANIEL BEBCOVITZ.
Mission Grammar."
When I was a mere child I was taken?
to see an extravaganza that had brav«
princes, beautiful princesses, good and
Lad fairies, etc., in abundance, and 1
said that if I could not be President
which was then my aspiration, I would be"
an actor, and have people come and see
and applaud. But as I grew older 1 grew
wiser and sadder and the dreams of my
childhood fell down with a .crash
As I was growing up I showed a liking
for sketching, planning, etc., and my par
ents are going to allow me to take it up
I have always liked to draw »he plans
for buildings, etc., and have seen In
dreams the nouses of my creation rival
ing in beauty the architecture of Greece
1 -Intend to take up designing and archi
tecture and I will study hard so that
some day I may eee In reality the houses
of my creation and myself be called one of
the leading architects. -
My parents intend to give me as much
education as they can, and I being in my
last grade begin to think seriously of
what I hope to be.
*^-t S a youth enters the last grades of
f I his grammar school days he be
r—| gins to hope for a certificate of '
V, I graduation, and as he nears the
JL '.-nd of the term and sees; that ho
fcaj»-'_* chance of receiving a diploma a
more serious question presents itself, the
Question, "What shall 1 be when 1 leave
school?" As a boy is in the last grades
his character commences to form and he
begins to think and have hopes tor him
self and he generally shows some par
tiality for some particular kind <,l work
as woodwork, a iiking to be around ma
chines, drawing, etc., and if he has the
right kind of parents they will eacouraee
nim in his work. -
WILLIE SMITH,
Mission Grammar.
THIS subiect which I am asked to
write about is one that la fore
most in my mind.
When I am a man I should like
to be a scientist. 1 am a member
of the Franklin Grammar School Library
and of the Free Public Library, from
which I take scientific Books. Afnbns
t.jose I have re^I are "The Family of
«, e , Sun >" "Star Land." and "Fifteen
Weeks in Astronomy." and many other?:,
home are easily understood, while others
nred much thought and study.
I think this lin* of reading and study
ing very interesting indeed, and since"!
began to read such books a new world
st ems to have opened to me and I long
to -know mere of its wonderful force
I hope after I finish the grammar
fcihooi to be able to go to High School
an the university. 1 ncn I may accom
plish the great object which 1 have fh
mind and make my mark in life.
•5* — ¦;.
MILTON LICHTENSTADTEB,
Clement School.
HABBY EPSTEIN,
Franklin School.
thought of the future it was at
an ape when the mind Is hardly capable
of grasping such a proposition or forming
any definite plan for a direct path in life.
Even now, at the age of 14, many might
not consider me sufficiently endowed with
the mature mental capacity necessary for
such a s-ep. or the experience needed to
render such an important decision. Such
views which I may express, therefore. I
hope will be leniently judged and if the
iame are faulty 1 hope my reader will
clemently find an excuse in my inadequate
re are.
I smile when I think of the many ca
reers which four year's ago were the off
springs of my then very youthful imagin
ation. That imagination, so vividly col
ored, was like a gigantic hand with a
hundred fingers, each of which struck a
different chord up the extensive gamut
of trades and professions. First, being
romantic to a superlative degree, I would
be an actor, and fanciful pictures of a suc
cessful stage career swam before me in a
dazzling light. As I grew older something
more stable entered my mind, and partly
from being teased and partly from com
mon sense I heroically resigned my ro
mance to the Olympian heights whence
it had entered my brain. Then, for
about a year, there was no particular bait
which tempted me to adopt another pro
fession. 1 joined a debating club in '9S.
At latt we have come to the root. This
.was the turning point that concentrated all
my ideas to the profession which I think
is the grandest, noblest and most com
mendable on earth, next to medicine — the
law! Defending the oppressed from per
secution, revealing to the world the guilty
with the strong arm of Justice is certainly
a position any honorable man would be
proud to occupy. Our greatest men were
lawyers^— Clay, Jackson, Calhoun. Web
ster. Such a calling is universally re
spected and if we wish to leave the Ideal
and find the personal benefit derived from
It a good lawyer can quickly rise to fame,
and there is no limit to the heights, polit
ically and socially, such a man can at
tain. :v.*£r*:i •;;-,¦;¦•¦/
WHAT a volume is contained in
that common word. Ambition! It
is a riddle which, as yet, I have
hardly solved. When first I
all vice, is honest and does his -best, ho
is sure to flnd himself on the "Road to
Success."
The healthiest trades for boys are. 1
think, farming and carpentering. On the
whene any honest trade to which a boy
may take a fancy to is all right.
So, looking- on the two sides of the Ques
tion, we find on the one what we can be
and what we will be, and on the other w«
car. only hope for it- For the last we had
better remember the mottoes: "Don't
count your chickens before they arc
hatched." "Remember that thoii God
seest me."
Finis.
In the papers below boys of a num
ber of the city schools in four or five
different localities have written about
what seem to them the most desir
able and useful profession or business
to aim for. The subject was given 10
1h.em"*as an ordinary exercise. It is
interesting to note that a large per
centage of the writers choose profes
sions and those which are most in
demand by the progressive world -:f
to-day. The trades have a compara
tively small representation in the fu
ture ambitions of these young Amer
icans. Changes and obstacles will of
course ccme to most of them, bu
their aims are high, which augurs
well for future achievement.
3oys have decided and various
views and wishes bearing- on that
subject also, from the small young
ster with the drum who says sturdil.7
'•When I'm big I'll be a soldier" to
the older lad who sighs for college
and the life of a professional man.
ft M The Sunday Call of February
|j 16th appeared an article giving
the hopes and ambitions of a num
ber of little girls in various schools
of San Francisco in regard to the im
portant question "What I hope to
be."
¦
THE SUNDAY \.CAI/L.
4
WHAT I HOPE TO BE WHEN I GROW UP.' Raphael Weill . Night School.
1LOVE my work ' and hope when I ge t
'to be a man -I, will be head man of the
* White House, -' and * with God' s help I
¦ :jwill i be honest, sober, and industrious
: and help j the boys as Mr; .Weill helps
us boys now.' 1 am a cash boy now.:-Ar
thur is, s too." but he will soon be made a
stock boy.' He is my older brother.': After
DAHRELL ; HARRIS,
I want . to -become - one of • the greatest
animal v; painters in:, the -world. ; I also
want -to -get : acquainted with ¦ the world
and its -people. -¦; I* .should like to have a
: picture-gallery to hang, the. pictures in. •
. I want a musical education, so I could
play a.:- good many instruments and en
tertain my friends, i should make up a
club " of all kinds of instruments and
¦have a • good ; time. . v ¦';•.,
idea how. to,*paint some fine pictures
and search for a scene to paint 'I should
want to study the. proportion of animals,
so as to paint"; them perfectly. '
ELMER HADES,
• Mission School.
I. WOULD like • a few years of painting
I lessons, for my ambiton Is to become
'•an j artist. I.I should, like: to visit the
.countries^ In Europe,' so as to form an
enth street. I took suoh interest in it
that I learned the alphabet in no time
and could send messages faster than any
of the other boys. The' man who taught
us had to leave suddenly, so I had only
a little: experience with the instrument,
but it: took such a hold on me .that I
have almost -made up my .mind to be
come an electrician. -
W^AT T HO£g TO V BSCOyHS
Klectriclty is . only 'in its One
cannot -tell the wonderful ".things that
inay yet be accomplished within the next
fifty years r through this great power.
There is a great ¦ opening ¦ f or • a' :. young
man. and I think ¦ I shall make it ¦: my
study. ' ' ¦ ' : -
-I-have always been interested in small
batteries ¦ and other/ things in ¦ connection
with ' therh.\ ¦' Once r 1^ studied , the : tele
graph,' while - attending a' club' on Elev-
1 SHALL soon .be out of the . grammar
school and as "I .do; not intend to go
to High School I think -it is about
time to make up' my mind at what
kind v of work I intend 3 ' to; start;, as
soon as I; graduate. ¦ I have hot decided
yet what I 'intend to v be," but, think I
should like to be an electrician. .-
NORTON KIBBY,
Franklin School, i
U George Washington was a farmer. Abra
ham Lincoln and J. G. Whittier -were
farmer boys. I should be proud to pat
tern after their kind, as a vocation and
type . of .manhood. ••. : .'- . -.
Give me the farm, with its green fields
and wooded dells, and for my companions
the "birds and the bees, ; the .flowers and
the trees. : I being inclined to the nature
of a nimrod, where can one so enjoy his
dog and gun, rod- and line as: on Uhe'
farm? ¦•' ; ¦ " : : '.¦'•¦ -•¦ "¦¦¦ '¦
to follow, when a. man, the vocation of. a
farmer. Doubtless this life has it3 pleas
ant as well as unpleasant features. I
suppose the duties at seed time and har
vest seasons are trying and call for great
work and endurance, but is not this (the
case with nearly every line of business
where one labors for success?.
I am particularly fond of the sea. and
know a little about ships, -enough to help
me in my nautical studies at the academy.
You may ask me why I prefer the navy
to the army? Because in the navy you are
always sure of clean food and a bed at
night, while inthe army you are not. Yotir
supplies may be cut short, then you will
have to sleep on the ground and probably
without food, except what food you can
carry with you in your haversack, for
"Tn \he armr you are continually In one
place, while in the navy you are moving
around and visiting foreign ports.
LEO WAYLAND,
Crocker School.
WHEN asked what I hope to be
when \ am a man. I do not
know what to answer. For,
looking into the future, and see
ing the many things that a bey
might do. and the different branches I
should like to study. I really become con
fused.
But I now fully realize that my mind
must be made up as to what use I Intend
to make of my time when my days of
study and play are over.
With the fine schools that are open to
our boys, and the many advantages we
have we are enabled to obtain such an
excellent education that, when we do start
out to make a name for 1 ourselves, we are
sure to be successful, if we pursue our
duties earnestly and faithfully.
Of all the many occupations in which a
boy may be employed, I prefer that of an
inventor. :
I ehould like to puzzle over a few plece3
cf wood or metal, trying to makp some
thing from them, if I could In the end
have the satisfaction of knowing my ef
forts had not been in vain. !
Not only do I wish to make wealth and
fame for myself, but I wish to leave
something behind when I die, from which -
coming generations may obtain. some last r
ing good. i
While I hope to gain wealth and fame
from my work. I shall strive to be truth
ful, honest and manly. With these qual
ities, I am sure of success. At any rate,
I can at least fill some important position
and be an aid and comfort to my pa
rents.
ROBERT BLAICH,
Clement School.
ONE of the greatest things spoken
of at home lately with my parents
is what I would like to be. when
¦ I am out of school.' I expect to
go to High School and .therefore
I have not much time to think of what
profession I would like to follow in my
future life.
I think I should like to be an architect-
I am very handy in fixing things at home
and I like manual training. In Lick High -
School I shall take a thorough course in
architecture and I will follow up my pro«
fession with the greatest care. ¦ • . .
I expect to follow my occupation care
fully bo that'in some future time I shall
be one of the best architects in San Fran
cisco or any other city in which I should
happen to reside. • - ' , ,
If I learn my Intended profession one
of the first things I shall do is to build
my mother and father a cozy cottage foi
them to live In.
I shall have many men working for me
•and I shall treat them justly and give
them fair wages. I shall oversee all the
work I am obliged to- do.
After I am out of the High School* I
shall become a carpenter for some archi
tect, bo that I shall know my business
fairly well before I attempt to have a
business of my own. * ,
I should own my own lumber yard so
I could get my lumber cheap and I could
also carry on a lumber business with
other contractors. . '
HUGH I. YOUNG.
Clement School.
*¦* "If Y future ambition -is to become
f\/\ a doctor of medicine and a sur
l. y I eeon. _
V I I lntend> after graduating
JL from the High School to try for
th'eMJnlversIty of California, and, if sue- .
cessful, I shall make a study of, medicine.
After graduating from the university I,
intend to go to Cooper Medical College,
which is considered one of the best. col-'
leges of medicine and surgery, on the Pa
cific Coast. . .
After getting - my diploma from
Cooper's I "shall try to get attached to
some good hospital as a surgeon, : where
I can further study and look into the ail
ments of. mankind.
i I shall start my -practice In some small
town, and when I think I have become a
good doctor and surgeon I shall remove to
some large city to carry on my practice.
RUSSELL KNIGHT,
Crocker School.
O"f FTER reading the poem, "Snow
'f I ' bound," from'the pen of the gifted
I j Whlttier;- after reading about the
VI farm and the' farm, scenes so beau-
JL tif ully depicted therein, ; and . after
having pondered over . it time ¦ and | again,
to my present sense I think I should like
A good education Is almost a fortune In
itself to those who have and know how to
. apply it These generally, make their
mark in the world. /
.My Idea Is first to graduate from school
and then study mechanical drawing. I
think I can in the future, through my tal
ent ¦ for ' the : . same, ¦ make a . comfortablo
> happy . home for myself and my parents.
At present this ; is my - plan, but may b«
Many youngsters get the idea of "work",
into their heads, and nothing can compel
them to remain in school, as they think
an education of no value. Such boys rarely
succeed.
boys never give a single
thought to what they would like
to be in the future, that Is, what
trade or : profession they intend to
follow.
FRED CHOWDER,
Franklin School.
a while I will be stock boy. - Then I can
learn to sell and know more about the
stock in the store. If the stock boy learns
everything he can about his department
he is made salesman and sometimes he is
promoted to head man of his department.
When I am head man In my department
I shall save my money and boy a cottage
in the cotmtry for my mother and sisters
and I will go over to spend Sunday with
them and walk over the green hills and
get rested. '
Then I want to learn all I can about
everything in the store, so when I go to
New York and to Paris to buy goods the
house will get the latest patterns cheap.
so the other stores can't undersell us. I
would buy the finest silks and laces in
Paris and would bring home a big box of
French candy, too, for, my mother and
sisters. But before I am head man of the
White House I must learn to know a lot
of things, because Mr. Weill does.
Continued From Page Four.
delay. Few of them knew Chltt Witt
man. and when he spoke of the nature of
his business they should have made a
mental note of it. Again, when he gave
them his few. brief words .pn the neces
sity of cultivating the perceptive faculty,
that should have been remembered. And
at the last, when he closed with his in
vitation to speak to him whenever ¦ they
might again meet, they should not have
forgotten it. Those were the four points
of importance in what he said and any
one who did ; not give a hint that each
one of those ideas- had stuck in his or
her head was docked just so many points
for each delinquency.
The first question read, "What is his
full name and. how is it spelled T' Only
one point was taken away from, the pupils
who. could not tell— for that question was
not so much a matter of observation at
the time as It was a matter of general in
formation picked up at . some time pre
vious. But the sixth . question had a
heavy penalty: "Has he a beara or a
mustache? Or both?" . Those who made
a mental picture of the Chief ' as a
smooth-shaven man very properly lost 12
points. Also the next question, "Has he
any noticeable scars on his face or
hands?" cost, the mistaken pupil 10 points.
And so the credits went. Mistakes on
easy questions cost the pupils dear and
made havoc with . their points.
' Considering the fact that the students
had not been warned to pay particular
The examiner looked upon each paper
that came to him as perfect, that is with
a credit of 100, and then proceeded to
take away points where the most glaring
errors were noticeable. For example, 30
points were supposed to go to the last
question, which read, "What did he say
to you?" The students had been kept
waiting, consequently they, should have
been curious to know the reason for the
It was no light task to decide on the
relative excellence of the* answers given,
for some of the others came very near
wresting the laurels from the prize win
rers as announced. In correcting the
papers an allowance of 100 points was
taken as a standard of perfection to be
divided among the different questions ac
cording to how evident a memory test
each question might be. It was not a
matter of getting ther greatest number
of credits, but rather of seeing how well
a paper could pass examination without
having credits taken away.
After the Chief had left the room the
pupils were handed a set of fifteen ques
tions regarding the appearance of the
man who had just been addressing them.
The last question on the list called- for
a statement of just what the Chief had
said.
'These questions, with the proper an
swers, as well \a each and every paper
written by the students, have been pub
lished at a recent date in The Sunday
Call, and the names of the five students
whose replies were most nearly perfect
are. given above.
tre able to say that he had met him at
the Lincoln Grammar School on March 12.
BY MRS. E. P. SCHELL.
The selection of the proper time to lead
trumps is one of the most important con
siderations in whist strategy.
The degree of skill displayed in the
management of trumps is the surest way
of showing your ability as a player.
The student cannot attain proficiency
until he has learned to count trumps and
to remember 'their rank.. -This will- be
more difficult than in plain suits, owing to
fourth best leails, irregular leads and. the
follows. It must be remembered that it
is 'most important to bear in mind the
card turned, especially if it is an honor.
The rules for leading trumps which
have been promulgated by whist writ
ers ure ap numerous that they are very
confusing to the student. Here are a few
rules set down' by the more modern writ
ers, which are of very great hefp in the
management of trumps.
With live or more trumps and good
plain suit, lead trumps. With five trumps
and a re-entry in another suit, lead two
rounds, being careful of the third round.
With four trumps, established suit and
card of re-entry, lead from four trumps.
With three of each plain suit and four
trumps, the safest lead is usually trumps.
Here is a question which. is being dis
cussed by the advanced whist., players:
Whether it is best to lead from the four
trumps, if your three-carded plain suits
are all weak, or to open the top of one of
the weak suits, as a strengthening card to
partner's suit? You may only be In
creasing their average value for your ad
versary by leading trumps.
Miss Wlieelock says, if your partner
opens with deuce of trumps, showing four
trumps, and three, cards in plain suit,
you holding first trick, It would be wiser
to establish your own suit before return
ing trumps.
When strong in all plain suits, though
weak in trumps, it is usually best to lead
trumps, compelling the other suits to be
led up to you and thereby increasing
their ¦ value. When very strong in • one
suit, good in defense in another and
weakness in the third suit, many good
players will finesse the third suit and
lead from weak trumps, especially If they
have three cards in weak suit and cannot
hope to trump it. Leading from one
trump a player takes a great risk; it must
be of high value, so, that his partner can
read that It is irregular. To do so he
must have an established suit and ade
quite re-entries, as he must have confi
dence that his play will result advan
tageously. As a rule, however, none but
experts who can read the cards closely
can practice this with safety.
One of the most unsound conventions,
happily losing its vogue, is the signal by
the leader for his partner to play through
an honor turned. If the leader's hand
justifies a trump opening he should lead
it at once, # regardless of the honor
turned. Many tricks are lost by signaling
for trumps through the honor, as . your
opponents will take advantage and force
you, sometimes establishing a " cross-ruff
to your undoing. The only advantage it
has is in the ability of your partner tak
ing the first trick and putting your sig
nal Into' execution.
ANOTH5R UESSON JN W^TST
An Instructive Deal.
NORTH.
S.— Ace.
H.— A. K, 10, 8. 4. I
C— K, Q.
r>.— A, 10. 7, ,3.
WEST. EAST.
S£-8, 6. 3. ' S.-K, Q. 10, 9. 7, 5, 2.
H.—Q, 6, 5, 3. H.— J».
y~j . ™~*\ * O a I ¦ D| tJ* u<
Six of clubs trump. West to lead.
Tks. N. E. S. W.
L 3d Jd Qd* M
2. Qc* -2c 6c Jc
3. Kc* v 4c 5c 10c
4. Kh» 9h 7h 3h
5. Ah 9c« Jh ah
6. As* Ks Js 3s
7. 4h 2s 3c« 6h
9. 2h 5s 7c* Qh
10. 10d* 7s 6d ' 8d
11. lOh* 9s 4s 6a
12. Sh 10s 8c* 8s
-13. 7d Qs Ac* 5d
?Winning card.
North and South 12. East and West 1.
Trick 1— Opens with two of diamonds,
which falls to south's queen.
Trick 2— South leads his fourth. best, in
accordance with ¦ the approved long suit
custom.
Trick 6— North opens his long heart
suit, which looks unfortunate, but it was
the best he could do with his hand as
constituted. *
Trick 6-South starts the Street, attach
ment to indicate hi3 ability to take the
.third round.
Trick 7— North still has two- re-entries
in diamonds, and now goes on to estab
lish his long heart suit.
Trick 8 — West's play here makes no dif
ference, north holding major tenace over
him. He was probably right, however,
In playing his best card, as south might
well be attempting an underplay.
Trick &— North knows the queen must
drop this time, and can read that south
has one more diamond to put him, in
with.
This will enable him to give south a
discard of his spade . at trick eleven.
North and south manage their hand clev
erly and will deserve to gain two tricks.
The whole deal is well played and ts
worthy of the reader's clo3e attention.
On the evening of May 3 P. J. Tormey,
president of the American Whist League,
on the invitation of J. H. Harbour, presi
dent of the San Francisco Whist Club,
will speak before the club on the subject.
"Laws of Duplicate Whist." An invita
tion has been extended to the Trist Du
plicate Whist Club and the Western Ad
dition Whist, Chess and Checker Club.
After the lecture straight whist for
prizes will be played. The prizes won
during the last three months' will be
awarded. Invitations for whist friends
can bo obtained from the secretary of the
San Francisco Whist Club.
there might be a change before I grow to
XUfLQJIOOQ. '
PETER WARD,
Franklin. School.
WHEN I graduate in June, as I
intend to enter High School. I
think It- would be a good plan
to form some idea, of what I
MILTON LINCOLN,
should like to be when my
school days are over.
I hadn't given the subject much consid
eration, thinking 1 might have better
ideas after a few more years of schooling,
but as I am asked to do so now, will try.
I think I would like to b» a civil engi
neer. 1 know it takes many years of dili
gent study, but I would be willing to
study hare! in order to have a bright fu
ture.
I should like to go to the university
after. I complete my course in the High
School. When I have secured a good ed
ucation I think I can then be better able
to talk about what I should like to be.
Mission Grammar.
>r -V* *\HAT I hope to be is quite & hard
\ A 1 question to answer, but there
\f \/ are a- few positions which I
\ Y wou|l like to take up. As a
profession I would like to be a
playwright, as I like to see plays at the
theater and would like to write plays my
self and see them acted.
\ playwright can always earn a re
spectable and honest living, while at the
same time he is learning -and improving
his mind and associating with talented
people, which makes life pleasant and
cheerful. 1 ,
I would Ilka to plan new Ideas In plays
that would irtease the public and make
me popular, arid would like to be inde
pendent and earn my own living and have
a pleasant future.
did not know the object of his visit, the
papers were all well above average. The
winners simply did better in the matter
of accuracy in details than the rest, and
In not having any glaring errors with
their consequent loss in points.
The fortunate five won their reward,
and row— ho for Mount Hamilton! and
attention to the appearance of the person
who should address them and that they
then may the best ones win the cash
prize that goes to the two who write the
most interesting description of the trip.
cola School to listen to a short talk by-
Chief of Police George Wlttman.
The whole affair was a surprise to the
students there assembled They had no
idea why they had been brought to
gether, and not a word of explanation
was given them. Chief Wittman walked
«nto the room, and at once addressed the
penile, telling first why he had been de
layed, then giving them a hint as to hie
own Identity by explaining that his busi
ness required him to notice people close
ly and to pay close attention to details.
Continuing, he pointed out to them the
possibilities and advantages of quick per
ception and strict observance, and wound
up by, inviting them to speak to him
should they by chance >neet him on the
street and see if he would not at once
recognize the pupil addressing him and
The prize was well worth trying for.
at the winners- are to be taken on a.spe
cial trip to the great Lick Observatory
at Mount Hamilton. In. addition to the
delightful outyig afforded by such a
pleasant Journey they will be given the
opportunity of studying the wonderful as
tronomical appliances there to their
hearts* content.
Moreover, to add extra zest to the af
fair these five, who have already demon
strated their keenness in seeing and re
membering what they have seen, will b"e
asked to each write an article on their
trip, the best paper to receive a prize
of $10 and the second best $5. No direc-
tions or hints will be given about these
/ papers; the students can use their own
discretion— and the best ones shall win.
This memory contest has awakened the
greatest Interest among the school chil
dren of San Francisco. It will be remem
bered by our readers that on the 12th day
of last month The Sunday Call arranged,
through the kindness of Superintendent of
Schools "Webster, to have forty pupils —
eight each from, the Lincoln, Clement,
Hamilton, Horace Mann and Mission
Grammar Schools, respectively—assem
bled In one of the classrooms of the Lin-
Richard Felchlin, Lincoln Granu
mar.
Charles J. Hallowell, Mission Gram
mar.
Winnie E. Bsll, Lincoln Grammar.
Louies Rogers, Lincoln. Grammar—
beys must not feel too downcast.
The honors of the trial go to:
Lena Wolf man, Horace Mann Gram
mar.
ERE are the prize winners!
j A Here are the fortunate nva
I I whose pov ers of observation and
J retention were clever and keen
enough to carry them through The
Sunday Cull's memory contest ahead of
their fellow contestants.
Three girls and two boys— good for the
girls! But then, in justice to the boys, it
must be said that of the two score of
scholars who took part in the contest
more of them were^irls than boys — so the
THE SUNDAY JCA Ll£ '
HERE ARE THE PRIZE WINNERS IN THE MEMORY CONTEST.
5Draw in the center of a plate the picture
of the sun, and wet the rim of the plate
with a little water. Place a piece of egg
shell on the rim of the plate, and, tip
ping the plate slightly, the eggshell will
roll with a double motion; it will turn
around itself and move forward on the
rim of the plate, as the earth revolves.
Place four aces on the table, as shown In
the upper figure; shove them together
and mix them with the rest of the cards.
Then give the cards to somebody to hold.
Have him look for the four aces, and, to
the astonishment of everybody, one • ace
will be missing, and found in the pocket
of the performer. .
This trick is done in the following way:
You don t place four aces on the table,
but only three; the fourth one is the nine
of diamonds, covered right and left by
t W i* °H?lf ces '. ?£, that cnly the spot in
the middle Is visible, as shown in figure.
Everybody will take It to be the ace of
diamonds which you have taken out- of
the pack before and placed in your pocket.
Roiling eggsheTT.
THE NECESSARY MATE
RTALS FOR THE TRICKS IN
THESE COLUMNS ATL-p;
FOTJTTD UT EVERY FmT
LOVING HOME, OR MAY «,
EASILY BE PROCURED AT
THE EXPENSE OP A FEW
CENTS.
HOME
MAGIC
War-idei-TriS ACS-
TO MAKE A PAPER FISH THAT CAN REALLY SWIM
" "It's when I'm crowding 20,' goes on
the colonel, followin* the ministrations of
Black Jack,' 'an' I'm romancin' about the
meetropolis of Looeyville. I've been sell-
In' a passel of runnln 1 horses; an' as I
rounds up a full peck of doubloons for the
fourteen I disposes of, I'm feelin' too
contentedly cunnin' to live. It's evenin'
an' the moon is shinln' same as now. I
jest pays six bits for my supper at the
Gait House, an' lights a 10 cent seegyar—
Oh! I has the bridle off all right!— an'
I'm squanderin' leesurely along the street,
when I encounters a party who's ridin'
herd on one of these yere telescopes, the
same bein' organized an' p'inted at the
efulgent moon. Gents, she's shorely a
giant spyglass, that Instrument is; bigger
an' longer than the smokestack of any
steamboat between Looeyville an* New
Orleans. She's swung on a pa'r of shears,
each stick a cl'ar ninety foot of Norway
pine. As I goes plrootln* by, this yere
gent with the telescope pipes briskly up:
" • "Take a look a.t the moon?" he asks.
" * "No," I replies, wavin' him off plumb
haugty, for that bag of doubloons has
done puffed me up some. "No, I don't
take no interest in the moon."
" 'As I'm comin* back, mebby it's a
hour later, this astronomer Is still swing-
" 'Jest the same,' retorts the colonel,
an' he's a lot dogmatic, 'that planet's in
fested with people. An' if some gent will
recall the errant fancies of the barkeep,
Black Jack, to a sense of dooty, I'll on
fold on you-alls how I knows.
"It's one evenin' an' the moon is
swingin' high in the bloo-black heavens
an' locks like a gold door knob to the
portals of the eternal beyond. Texas
Thompson fixes his eyes tharon plenty
meditative an' pensive, an' then he won
ders:
" 'Do you-all reckon that folks is livin'
thax?"
" 'Whatever do you think yourse'f, col
onel?' says Enright, sort o' passin' the
conundrum over to the editor of the
Coyote. 'Do you think thar's folks on
the moon?"
" 'Do I think thar's folks on the moon?"
repeats the colonel as ca'mly confident as
a club flush. 'I don't think.I knows."
" 'Whichever is it then?' asks Dan
Bogrgs, whose ha'r already begins to
bristle, he's that inquisitive. 'Simply tak
in' a ignorant shot in the dark that
a-way. I says "No." That moon shore
looks a mighty lonesome loomlnary to
me.'
"Still, as 1 states yeretofore. the col
onel's information is as wide flung as a
buzzard's wing. Thar's mighty few mys
teries he ain't framed up to eloocidate.
An' from time to time, accordin' as the
colonel's more or less in licker, he shore
enlightens Wolfville on a multitoode of
matters. Which the colonel Is a profound
educational Inflooence; that's whatever!
"No, the colonel an' Peets don't go
lockin' horns in these differences. Both
is a mighty sight too well brought up for
that; moreover, they don't allow to set
the camp no eech examples. They enter
tains too high regyards for each other to
take to pawin' about pugnacious, verbal
or otherwise.
" 'An' none of the roots,' adds Colonel
Sterett, 'as a cunnin' Yank remarks on
a o'caslon plumb sim'lar.'
"One evenin' Dan Bopgs, who's allers
tantalizin' 'round askin' questions— it
looks like a sleepless cur'osity is nach
erally proned into Danropes at Peets con
cernin' this topic:
" "Whichever do they teach in colleges.
Doc?' asks Dan.
" 'They teaches all of the branches,' re
torts Peets.
" 'Which them temples oMeamin'.* says
the colonel, 'is a heap ornate: but they
don't make good.' This yere is doubted
by Peets.
«^-f S I asserts frequent," observed the
f I Old Cattleman, the while delicate-"
I ¦ 1 ly pruning the end Of a perfecto,
V, I preparatory to smoking the same,
JL "the funds of information, gen'ral
an' Bpeshul. which Colonel William
Greene Sterett packs about would freight
a eight-mule tram. It's even money which
of 'em saveys the -most, him or Doc Peets.
For tnyeef after careful study, I inclines
to the thecry that Colonel Sterett'?
knowledge that a-way is the widest, while
Peets' is the most exact. Both is collee;<:
gents: an' yet they differs as to the val
yoo of sech sem-naries. . The colonel cop
pers colleges, while Peets plays 'em to
win.
Copyright. 1902. by Robert Howard Russell.
" 'I'm only a child, but I retains my
impressions of this wonder as sharpcut
an' cl'ar as though she happens yester
day. It's a time when one of these leger
demain sharps pastes up his bills in our
village an' lets on he'll give a show in
Liberty Hall on the comin' Saturday
An I m present to say,' returns the
colonel, mighty complacent, 'that I looks
on them assurances as plumb compli
mentary. To show which I onhestitatin'ly
reels off that mystifyin' eepisode to which
I adverts. -
" 'Me distrust!' replies Texas, plenty
hasty to squar' himse'f. 'I'd as soon
think of distrustin' that Laredo divorce
of my former he'pmeet! An' as the Sher
iff drives off 200 head of my cattle by way
of alimony, I deems the fact of that
sep" ration as fixed beyond cavii. No
colonel, you has my fullest confidence.
Which rd go doubtin' the evenhanded jes
tice of Cherokee's faro game quicker than
distrustin' you.'
'Let it roll !' says Texas Thompson.
'That moon story prepares us for any
yarn.'
" 'Texas,' observes the colonel, a heap
severe, 'I'd hate to feel that your obser
vations that a-way is the jeerin' offspring
of distrust.'
" 'Them few sparse facts touchin' the
moon,' returns Colonel Sterett, 'cannot be
deemed wonders in any proper sense.
They're merely interestin' details. whLh
any gent gets onto who brings science to
his aid. But usin' the word "wonders,"
I does once blunder upon a rnir'cle which
still waits to be explained. That's a shore
enough marvel! An' to this day all I can
state is that I sees it with these yere
eyes.' . 1
" 'It ain't what a gent learns in schools.'
??.' ¦« Enright, 'that broadens him an' stif
l his mental grip; it's knowledge like
¦ yere ' moon story from trustworthy,
fco-.ees that augments him an' fills h.ra
full. Go on, colonel, an' onload another,
marvel or two. You-all must shore have
witnessed a heap!'
"Nacherally we-all feels refreshed with
these experiences of Colonel Sterett's, for
as Enright observes, it's by virchoo of
jest sech casooal chunks of information
that a party rounds out a eddicatlon. ...
" "They're pullin' off a hoss race,' says
the Colonel, lookin' steady in Dan's eye.
'An' you hears me! I never sees sech
bettin in my life, neither.'
"'Folks'* returns the Colonel. 'Which
I wishes I has two bit pieces for every
one of 'em! The face of that orb is fa'rly
ptstered with folks! She teems with life;
ant-hills on a busy day means desertion
by compar'son. Thar's thousands an'
thousands of people, mobbin' about in
ditcrim'nate; I sees 'em as near an' plain
as I sees Dan.'
" 'An* whatever be they doin'?' asks
Dan.
" 'But is thar folks thar?' says Dan,
who's excited a whole lot by the Colonel's
disclosures. 'Board ' the kyard, Colonel,
an' don't hold us in suspense.'
" 'Gents,' says the colonel, pausin' to re
noc his Valley Tan, while pan an' Texas
an' even Old Man Enright hitches their
cha'rs a bit nearer, the interest is that in •
tense; 'gents, you-all should have took a
sQuint with me through them lenzea.
Which if you enjoys said" privilege, you
can gamble Dan an* Texas wouldn't be
cair.ped 'round yere to-night, exposin*
their ignorance an' lettin* fly ' croode
views concernin* astronomy. That tele
scope actooally brought the moon plumb
into Kaintucky: brought her within the
reach of all. You could stretch to her
with your hand, she's tnat clost.'
" ' "How long do 1 gaze for four bits?"
I asks, battin' my right eye to get it into
shape.
" ' "Go as far as you likes," retorts the
philosopher; "thar's no limit."
" 'No; I don't btand dallyin' round, try
in' to beat this philosopher down in his
price. That ain't my style. When I'm
re:ndy to commit myse'f to a enterprise, I
merely butts my way in and no delays.
Tharfore, when this gent names four bits.
I onpouches the dinero an' prepares to
ti-ke a astronomic peak.
Four bits! An' considerin' the on
us-ual doin's goin' for'ard, it's cheaper
thin corn whislty."
" * "Tellln' wouldn't do no good," says
this servant; "it's one of them rackets a
gtnt has* to see to savey." "
What's the ante?" I asks, for the
fires of my cur'osity begins to burn.
" ' "You-all better take a look." he
says; "they're havin' the time of their
c'reers up thar."
Whatever be they doin'?" I asks,
comin' to a pause.
in' an' rattlin' with the queen of night.
He pitches his lariat ag'in, an' now he
fastens.
Colonel Sterett .
over at Chet he notices how mat otflshul
is lazily tannin' himse'f with a barn door,
which he's done lilted urf the hinges tor
that coolin' purpose. The wizard don t
say nothin', but he does turn a mite pale,
he sees with hair a eye that Satan him
se'f would be he'pless once Chet gets als
two paws on him. However, he assoomes
that he's out to give the show as per
"schedoole.
! "It's makin' toward S when the wizard
lights a seegyar, drink four tinge, s cf Wil
low Run, an' <goes p'intin' out for Liberty
Hall. Chet gets up, hangs the barn door
back on its hinges, an' sa'n.tet 3 after.
Squar" Alexanders had posted CMet as to
his dooties, an' his orders is to c'llect the
necromancer if he offers to enter the hall.
That's how the cavalcade lines up: First,
the wizard; twenty foot behind is Chet,
an' twenty foot behind our giant con
stable comes the public in a body.
"•About half way to Liberty Hall, the
wizard begins to show nervous and uncer
tain. He keeos lookin' back at Chet; an'
even in my childish simplicity, I sees that
he ain't pleased with the outlook. At
last. he weakens an' abandons his Idee
of a show. Gents, as I fills my glass, I
asks you-all however. now do you reckon
that wizard beats a retreat?"
"Thar's no reply. Dan, Texas an' the
others, while Colonel Sterett acquires his
llcker, shakes their heads dumbly, as
showin' they gives up.
" 'Which you'd shorely never guess!' re
torts the colonel, wipin* h!s lips. 'Of a
sudden, this wizard tugs something outen
his pocket that looks like a bal lof kyar
pet rags. Holdin' one end, quick as
thought, he tosses the ball of kyarpet
rags Into the air. It goes straight up on
til lost to view, onwindin' itse'f in Its
flight because of the wizard holdin' on to
the end. *
•• 'Gents, that ball pf kyarpet rags never
does come down no more! An' It's all
done as quick as a set-lock rifle! The
wizard climbs the danglin' string of
kyarpet rags, hand over hand; then he
drifts on* an" up'ards ontil he don't look
bigger than a bloo-bottle fly; an' then
he's lost In the gatherin' shadows of the
Jooly night. .
" 'Squar' Alexanders, Chet an the vil
lage stands stralnin' their eyes for twenty
minutes. But the wizard's shorely
vamosed; an' at last, when each is con
vinced tharof the grown people led by
Squar' Alexanders reepalrs Into the tav
ern an* takes a drink.'
. " "That's a mighty marvelous feat your
necromancer performs, colonel,' remarks
Enright, an' the old chief is grave as be
comes the colonel's revelations; 'he's a
shore-enough wonder-worker, that wizard
is!*
" 'But I ain't got to the wonders none
as yet,' remonstrates the colonel, who
waxes a bit peevish for him. 'An' from
the frequent way wherein I'm interrupt
ed, it don't look much like I will. Goin
sailin' away into darklin' space with that
ball of enchanted kyarpet rags, that ain't
the soopernacheral part- at all! Shore!
ondoubted it's plump hard to do; but still,
thar's other teachers, which from th»
standp'lnt of the marvelous, overpower*
It like four kings an* a ace. Yere's what
I'm gettin' to. It's quarter to 8 when
that wizard takes his flight by means of
them kyarpet rags. Gents, at 8 o'clock
sharp the same evenin' he walks on the
stage an' gives a show at St. Looey, over
two hundred miles away.' "
evenin'. An' gents, to simply read of the
tricks he* threatens, to perform would be
enough to loco you. Besides, thar's a
picture of Satan, black an' fiery an*
frightful, where he's he'pin' this gifted
person to foist said mir'cles uponvthe age.
I don't exaggerate none when I asserts
that the moment our village gets its eye
on 'these three-sheets it comes to a dead
halt. -.-¦-.
"' Old Squar* Alexanders • is the war
chief of the hamlet, an' him an' the two
other selectmen sort o' c'llects themse'Ia
over their toddies, an' canvasses whether
they permits this wizard to give his fiend
ish exhibitions in our midst. They has it
pro an' con - ontil the thirteenth drink,
when Square Alexanders, who's ag'in the
wizard, brings the others to his views; an'
as they staggers forth from the tavern,
it's the yoonanimous decision to bar that
impendin' Satan-aided show. »
'""Witches, wizards, elves, gnomes,
bull-beggars, fiends an' devils is debarrea__
the Bloo Grass Country," says Squar Al
exanders, speakin' for himse'f an' his fel
low selectmen, "an* they're not goin' to
be allowed; to hold their black an' sul
phurous mass meetin's yere."
"It comes Saturday evenin* an' the nec
romancer ds in the tavern eatin' his sup
per. Shore! he looks like common folks
at that! Squar" Alexanders is waitin' for
him in the bar. When he shows up, care
lessly pickin' his teeth, it's mebby half
a hour before the show. Squar' Alexan
ders don't fritter away no . time, but
rounds up the wizard for a powwow.
¦ " ' "Thar's no show which has Satan for
a silent partner goin* to cut itse'f loose
in this village,' says Squar' Alexanders.
"'"What's this talk about Satan?" re
sponds the wizard. "I don't savey no
more about Satan than I does about you."
" ' "Look at them bills," says Squar'
Alexanders, an' he pints to where one is
hangin' on the bar-room wall. It giv»-s
a picture, too, of the foul fiend, with
pitchfork, spear-head tail, fire eyes an*
all; the same beln' of pecoollar excellence.
"Whatever do you call that?"
" ' "That's a bluff," says the wizard.
"If Kaintucky don't get tangled up with
Satan ontil I imports him to her fertile
shores, you. cimmarons may regyard
yourse'fs as saved."
" ' "Be you-all goin' to do the sundry
deeds you sets forth in the programmes?"
asks Squar' Alexanders, after a pause.
," ' "Which I shorely be," says the wiz
ard, "an" If I falls down or fails, you can
call me a ab'litionlst."
" ' ','Then all I has to say is this," re
turns Squar' Alexanders, "no gent could
do them feats an' do 'em on the level.
You'd have to have the he'p of demons
to pull 'em off. An' that brings us back
¦to my first announcement; an' stranger,
your show don't go."
." 'At this the wizard lets on he's lost
patience with Squar' Alexanders, an'.de
clares that he won't discuss with him no
more. Also, he gives it out cold that,
Satan or no Satan, he'll begin to deal his
game at 8 o'clock.
"•"Very well," rejoins Squar' Alexan
ders. "Since you refooses to be warned I
shall shore instruct the constable to col
lar you on the steps of Liberty Hall."
As he says this Squar' Alexanders p'ints
across to Chet Kishler, who's the consta
ble, where he's restin* himse'f in front of
Baxter's store. This yere Chet Is a giant
an' clost onto eight foot high. It's a
warm evening', an' as the wizard glances
LOYAL DEVOTION OF A CAT.
POOR little Baby Fuzihowia might
devotion of a cat—the baby s life-
long friend. .
It was a very short life—only two years
-but it had lasted long enough for the
tounding.o.f one tremendous loyal friend-
ship.^Thc tiny Japanese-baby and the
old gray; cat were true to each other, and
the loyalty lasted even in death.
The cat traced the child, who had disap-
%mg&&8^ the spot
Ever since B^aby Fuzihowia has been old
enough to call anybody the cat has been
used to hear the child-voice calling for it
all over the house. The cat always an-
swered promptly, for it loved the baby. In
fact, whenever they were separated there
were walls that arose from both ends of
the house; the lisping, stuttering, broken
Japanese cries arose to meet the mourn-
ful mews of the old gray cat. If an inter-
vening door were opened they would rush
to each other s arms, or paws, with a tor-
rent of loving Japanese gurgling and
loud, contented purring.
They lived in a happy little country
home near Alviso. It was a quiet home.
and it was very seldom that they found
any other playmates than each other. Mr.
Fuzihowia, the baby's father, is a pros-
perous countryman, who thinks the coun-
try a very good place : for little people.
and he has never bothered himself much
about the social needs of his family. And
so they have found friends as they could,
and the 2-year-old child, the baby of the
flock, fell back upon the cat for compan-
lonship, and found more than most of us
find in our human friends.
The cat was not loyal In fair weather
on Jt sijp pe( j out of the house and ran
into the road in front.
Fuzihowia started to go for the little
one. Then he felt the warm air that came
J^^^Vdo & SS'Sy'h^
g^pTay^ut there f or a? little while. In
j apan the houses are almost the same
as the outdoors, anyway."
So he went off to chop some wood at
S\vH •>"'""-»--»
He started' down the road, but no little
figure caught his eye either in the road
or among any of the trees or bushes at
the sides. Finally he went back home,
pve the alarm, called some of the neigh
g^gj closed* In* """* "
j t was a long, dreary search and only
tragedy lay at the end of it. The party
set out at last toward Coyote Creek,
which runs at some distance from the
F A z s iht^\S™ o S| ched the creek the sound
of a cat>s plteou3 wailing grew plainer
and plainer. It was the voice of the old
gray cat, which until now had been for
gotten.
There it stood on the bank of the creek.
mewing mournfully and looking into the
water. When it saw the father of the
child it ran to him, then back to the creek
as a dog does In leading Its master,
Search was made all about the spot, and
the morning's first light disclosed th*
body,of the.poor little baby at the bot
torn of the creek where it had fallen the
night before.
The cat, ever faithful, had led the
searchers to the resting place of its Httl«
playmate.
THE STUSTDAY CALL.
COLONEL WILLIAM GREENE STERETT.
Cut a small fish of stiff writing paper, as
shown in figure. .Cut a round hole in the
center, and from there a narrow, channel
to the tail. Place<the flsh-flat'on the
water, leaving the upper, side dry..: Our
task is to make the fish to swim without
touching it or blowing at it. •
This is done by carefully pouring a drop
or oil in , the ¦ hole cut . out • of : its center.
The oil will try . to ' spread on the surface
of the water, 1 which it can do only by go
ing through the channel, r The pressure of
the " expansion will . move '. the fish in the
opposite d^ection, that is, forward— a mo
tion lasting a considerable time.
Take two miik ooiuo .... even sizo and
close them with corks, as shown In figure.
Cut the top of the corks in wedge shape.
Take two table knives with heavy han
dles, and place them on the edges of the
corks,' as shown in figure, '¦' their points
touching each other. On the points of the
knives place a .thin wineglass filled with
so much water that it balances on the tips
of the knives.
Then carefully let a small metal ball or
piece of money attached to a string down
Into the water without touching bottom,
and you will see the glass sway down, *i
?w * nen up again, as soon as you remove
the ball from the water.
This experiment la best done with music. "
as the glass will. appear to be dancing to
the. tune that is played.
6
A Wrn^ GTass That Can Dance.
WOLFVILLE STORIES
by AXf red
Eienryvwhole 1 body, exercise jbecause it "strength
ens every, muscle;:, relieves the awkward
carriage of the .hips >and:waist so peculiar
to-, some .women jj and.-, gives', suppleness - to
the'leffs-and-arrns.^ :',•;*-• .- ¦."-.•' 7 . ...
j; Onvthe^upper rlght-halid; corner .of th,e
page are .the":."balletl'dancers." iThis '.fs
all :, that the .name '¦ Indicates.' •¦ The "music
is';- light 1 , and catchy, and;.. the '. movements
as.jairy^ and. '.fanciful' as ever, were: French
creations: 'To execute- . k the - • ballet ' "steps
properly v one ; rhust have J good } nerves as
well, as stout muscles: Indeed there Is
nothing that requires^ sucii complete con
trol Toyer the nervous "; system a3 ballet
dancing. .We have j" all 'seen how badly
the amateur and: even many of the profes
sionals "perform -this, most difficult of all
terpsichorean .accomplishments: , ". '
The* "ballet';^ performea' to the music of
"Narcissus"- gives -• suppleness to the
waist,' strengthens. the -legs and hips, the
arch-, of the foot, the v ankle, and | the whole
lower limb generally.' It Is the true test
But, as with ,the new physical culture
movements, ; set S the exercises to music
and disguise the hard' workof It: all "with
the enthusiasm of social intercourse and
the 'marvelous is accomplished. '.. :
But. apart from all "\other: attractions,
the new grace cuiture exercises, are, really
beautiful /in themselves. Begin '.with, the
"Gladiator!', pose "on the upper left hand
corner of-Tthis page. •
: It. is a whole body, exercise executed to
a stirring military march. In it are all the
elements of strength and grace that, made
the pose so popular with the ancient
Greeks. It exhilarates. When' practiced
to perfection it produces complete physi
cal harmony. ; Every muscle ? in the , body
is brought into active play,' the 1 blood cir
culates more; rapidly arid ¦ ease and 1 grace
is secured to every movement. ."' >¦ • i
-..¦¦....¦-• :• :.
. The next; exercise beneath it; the "Bell
ringers,"-. is executed , to : slow, music r ( for
quite the'opposlte" reason. *-In: it tne.group
rings' aii' imaginary'" bell."7 This"mbvement
devitalizes ," the '.muscle's * of the ; whole
body, without'- wasting the . energy, - draws
the*- tjlood'from^ the , brain, ' relaxes /'the
muscles 'that ! ' are tensed '.by;.' the :."Gladi-7
ator" exercise: and gives freedom^ to every
part, of -the body. .7, . ". ." /. „ . . \ r -
I The third on the left hand "side of the
pagers, the '"Whole body, earth and sky,'.'
which' name is'aptly. expressive. It is ex
ecuted to'. th&' time of a. slow march.. .With
hands . upon ; the ' hips," kneel ;. firs t . upbn~'tiie
right knee, (throw,: all .the^ weight of the
body "upon7;the right- hand 'resting, on the
ground.' . extend -> the r, left leg - straight . out
and, raise.^the 'left-arm towards/the ; ¦ sky:
before," rising _ : again." This' is • . called a
The California man takes plenty of ex
ercise and keeps himself in good condi
tion year in and year out. while to the
woman a systematic course of training
becomes very much like hard^work. un
less tshe finds in it something' to amuse
her. In this regard she Is quite like, a
grown up child. She doesn't want to «io
anything that doesn't seem like play. In
this fact lies the secret of the -success
¦ ;.;-*¦ r: - ¦¦• •' . • *-
PHYSICAL culture for women in
/California is an absolute necessity.
To some the evenness of the cii
matf Is pr.ervating. To others it
allows th'at voluptuous indolence
that leads quickly to fat.'and fat is the
very curse of beauty.
California, women are the largest and
finest In the world, but it Is a sad fact
that those who are too well fed and too
lightly muscled are the rule and not the
exception.
¦¦ ¦ . ..• .: ,-;.¦
of the new physical culture movement.
Muscle In men is a splendid quality, ad-^
mired by all women. Muscle "In women ;
is admired by neither sex. In truth, noth
ing could be more unlovely than 1 a' women
with gnarled 'and knotted sinews. Such'
a one is totally lacking in all the essen
tial qualities of real femininity. ., But in
the reverse degree there is noUilng quite
so fascinating as the perfectly developed;
wonaii., who possesses ease and grace of
movement? steady : nerves arid absolute
self control. v . v.'',.'.. r;
Of course this perfect poise Is not pos
sible without strength to sustain it, and
of course women will not take 'the' trouble
to develop their strength unless the aI- ;
lurements are out of the ordinary. That
is why swimming, golfing, cycling and
tennis, excellent sports though they are,
find so -few votaries and so quickly lose
Interest for those few they - do find.
THE Physical Culture Circle to
develop grace and beauty in the
fair spx is the very latest fad
for "afternoons" at home. If
Las all the elements of a pink tea.
but it is more exciting. In it the
athletic girl finds an excellent anti
dote for late dinners and theater par
ties, and the ambitious matron with
grievous worries over an ever in
creasing embonpoint can keep h<»*
figure within fashionable bounds
without interfering in any way with
her duties as hostess at these exnly
fcively feminine functions.
Indeed She grace culture circle is
now the piecs dc resistance of an af
ternoon reception. ?:et to music it is
particularly alluring, for where mi
lady formerly tcok only a languid
interest in her boudoir exercises with
pulley weights and dumbbells and her
morning constitutional afterward she
can now combine all the fascinations
of social gossip and chit chrt noth
ings with genuine development of
every muscle in her hoCy. Ir
strengthens the appetite as well
Hence it is that exercise taktn in
groups, as is tbe ftehion in the new
grace culture circles, followed by a
Athletic exercise taken at the club
or gymnasium becomes something in
the nature of an arduous task: after
the first week or two,, but in the phy
sical culture circle, the devotee hr\s
all thi pleasures of social intercourse
while developing a goodly figure and
grace and csbc of movement, for ull
the exercises have the bsauty of liv
ing picture poses heightened by the
inspiring strains of music to which
eacn is executed. Some of the most
picture squs are shown photograp Hi -
cally on this page, and are described,
below by Mrs. Charles E. Buthe, v/ht)
teaches the young,ladi"s of the circl?
who p^sed with her. They are Mra.
J. K. Harris, Miss Estelle' McCarthy.
Miss Mary Str?.ub, Mrs. Rosa. Hugh?,
His. 'Jane Wilkie and Mrs. Charts
E. Ruthe.
dainty but substantial- luncheon, ap
peals to even the most sluggish dis
positions. Besides it is an excellent
excuse/ to wear neat; natty and • be
coming costumes. Add to this that
each movement is given a bign.
sounding sud artistic name, and it is
easy to understand how and why ttie
new culture circles have gained sucli
great vogue.
Of course these are only a few of the
n?ny exercises to secure grace and beauty
that have. made the new physical culture
system such, a big-, success with women.
Everything ia harmony— the music, the
costumes, the exhilarating movements
and even all the pretty names by which
each is known. And when the women
can meet under such pleasant circum
stances is it any wonder that grace-cult
ure has -become such a fascinating- fad? '
To give poise to the whole body and
especial ease and" grace pf movement to
the hands and arms there- are many im
itation, artisan "exercises that are full of
dignity .> and grandeur. .One of them—
"Mowing"— shown in lh,e single picture at
the bottom of this page, is the most popu
lar of. all. The movements are precisely
the same as those actually used in work
in the field.
The next beneath it is tne "Turkish sa
lute," another whole-body exercise, which
is executed to slow, dreamy music To
accomplish It properly you must have
your nerves and muscles under perfect
control. With arms extended make a
deep salaam, throwing the right foot be
hind the left and sinking to a sitting
posture. Then stoop forward until the
head rests on the floor. Rise again with
the arms still extended. This "exercise is
Intended particularly , to strengthen the
spine and the waist and reduce the hips.
It has in it, however, all the elements
of grace that makes all these movements
so popular.
Another form of this . same exercise,
which, however, Is intended to devitalize
instead of tense the. muscles, is the
"ladles' salute," shown on the bottom of
this page. Though primarily for grace
and ease of movement it is a true test of
strength and .elasticity. To execute it
throw the right foot far behind you, sink
slowly down until ydu are seated upon It
with the left leg still extended straight
before you; place the left hand lightly on
the bosom and salute your partner with
a graceful wave, of the other. Rise again
as slowly as you sank down.
This : . is very beautiful Indeed to tie
music of an. old-fashioned minuet.
Another of the heavier sort is "The
Anvil"' which is executed to the rhythm
of slow-measured music. It is a shoulder
exercise, ' designed to harden all the
muscles. • It generates and mag
netism and develops the lungs and all the
sinews of the back. When given with a
vim nothing could be more suggestive ot
latent force and at the same time so
graceful as this imitation artisan exercise.
of grace and proves one's ability to bal
ance evenly on either foot.". Needless to
say all women like it best.
THE SUNDAY CAJLJj.
GRACE CULTURE CIRCLESTELfi STJUTDAY CAI/Li.
8no_textshe. tipped the * scales J at 210. Thbusti
once, pretty, she: found herself .positively
unsightly, wit a slits for eyes and no neck.
Her " friends v and family .'still t loved her,
but she- knew, that ieven ' they • could not
admire. her proportions.'
"When ] she i first .'•' puts oh i a ; gymnasium
suit' .she was,', as* she" 1 herself said; ?a
sight." _ , And .' when she < spread her short
fatarms'out'and-grasped the hoople she
found herself • out : of •' breath ; before '¦ she
had taken one skipV? To'! lift -her ., foot was
an • effort and J to ; Jump^ through ¦ the hoop
an • lmpoBBibUlt^. ¦ - ' : y ,• . ; v . . ; /',••'
But : she persevered^, trying- It faithfully
every 'day, •;' At the Tend - of a- month she
could 1 skip , the \ hoople twentyi times with
out' stopping, : and she found her stomach
and .heart "much < stronger. '• Her 'habits'
had changed and- it was no longer neces
sary . to drink • cold water ' between -her
S£fi l f 'v 63 had/' always be«n » her custom,
while her palpitation, , an old malady, was
all gone. "Her weight had -gone down
twelve * pounds.. She: continued to lose
FCAH rights reserved.)
ROM the many letters that have
been received two are selected:
"My waist is three inches larger
than it should be for my height.
How can I reduce it?
"A READER.
"Can you tell me through the columns
of your valuable paper some method of
physical culture by which a soft, flabby
neck can be made firm? And will you
inform me, at the same time, how to
make my neck smaller? It measures big
ger and bigger every day. bo it seems to
me. Recently I, have difficulty in hook
ing my collars, and when they are hookeJ
I get red in the face because the band
is so tight.
"By answering these questions you will
confer a favor upon me and upon many
readers of your beauty sermons.
"MRS. B. S. J."
Beth of these readers suffer from the
fame trouble, namely that of increasing
weight. True, they do not complain of
adipose tissue, but only of an inconven
ient fullness in certain 'places.
But that means fat, and fat of the
worst kind.
If it were only possible to make flesh
settle in becoming spots, then we would
all of us have less to complain of. If
w? could make fat dispose of itself grace
fully, going above the belt. Into the
cheeks and bust and upper arms, and
below the belt into the hips and calves,
then fat would be pretty and graceful.
But, unfortunately, flesh has a way of
doing as it pleases. It gets Into the chin
and doubles it; and it rounds out the ab
domen unpleasantly. At the same time
it makes a pufiineEs around the eyes, so
that they decrease in size, and it gives
even the forehead a .shiny, full look.
A Fat Waist. *
Sometimes, worse fat of all. It goes to
the waist and makes it big, depriving the
figure of all grace; and it gets under the
collar band so that there is litle or no
neck.
The woman whose waist has grown so
large that It is unsightly, and the one
whose neck Is so chubby that she has to"
wear a soft ribbon around It.ln place of a
collar, these are the two women who are
in the worse of predicaments from In
creasing fat.
For the woman with the big waist there
Is nothing to be done short of heroic
measures. Let her get into an outing"
suit and try the oxygen cure. She must
breathe the fresh air nearly every, wak-
Jnsr hour of the day, and ehe will find
that, in the course of reiiuccon, the very
breathing of cool, fresh air will help.
; Let the woman with the big waist keep
her windows open, let her sit on th«
piazza, and let he'r, more than all, take
exercise.
Is she a golfer? Nc? Then let her
learn at once. Let her get a neat short
skirt and get out on the links. Let her
go over them alone once a day, knock
ing the ball ahead of her.
If you are the woman, and if you are
reducing and have no links, then get a
bicycle. The sport is as good for jou
as it ever was. and the cycle Is so cheap
that you can afford" an up-to-date one.
The Outdoor Sports. ~
' Take up tennis, no matter how old you
are; try croquet— do anything and every
thing that keeps you out in the air. The
only women in the world that, never grow
fat are those that work out of doors.
And those who fatten the quickest are
those who work in the heat, over a cook
stove, laying on false flesh and growing
narrow of lungs as they broaden in the
abdomen. •
But perhaps you have no. links, no ten
nis court, no chance to do anything but
cycle. Bo you must exercise indoors.
Then "take, to the gymnasium. '• Convert
one room in the house to gymnasium pur
poses. Or organize .a physical culture
club and hire a room for the practice
thereof. You can really ' do without all
implements except the few that you take
with you., The hanging rings, the,vault
ing pole and the horizontal bar are: r.x-'
cellent and more than' excellent,', but you
can do without them, If you must.
Let one of* your exercises be : with 'the
golf stick. This' can be'. procured in \ a
moment and the ball is to be picked up
anywhere. The very getting into. the right
position .will exercise you a little and you
will find 'that, it requires', some] practice,
to balance yourself well and to -give the
right swing.
Lift the : ball again and again' and then
¦stop to get your breath while the other
player tries her skill. You will soon find
yourself indulging In little friendly -com- "•'
bate, and the exercise, If practiced with
open windows, broadens the lungs; -gives
you goodrlong, deep breaths and exer
cises the j shoulders; and ribs. *The ribs
specially are brought Into play In swing
ing the golf sticks. ••'; . ,'
Getting- Slender.
But nothing will reduce the .waist as 1
quickly as a little j exercise " ; with : ths
hoople.'. Skipping < the hoople is easy. : and \
it ; has the advantage of 'being : pretty to
look at. ..Twenty skips; a day* will reduce
the ; waist .very ; rapidly ,V according \ to ' one :
fat woman who is • trying it. " i,. :
? The history, of Uhis woman is • Interest
ing. Only five feet ; two inches inheight.
twelve, pounds a month for six months,
or until she was down to about 130 pounds.
For the neck nothing will do but neck
exercise. Try the vaulting 1 pole. The
head will swing as you leap and you
will get a slim throat very soon. Do not
drink after exercising, but lie down and
rest, and, if very thirsty, take the Juice
of an orange. ?
A correspondent writes to know what
she shall drink when thirsty, as she has
formed the habit of taking a sip of water
every few minutes. And water certainly
does fatten.
This woman can do only one thing
learn to do without drinking between
meals. It is only a habit. Take a bite
of apple, a piece of orange, a sip of grape
fruit, a grape, anything that moistens the
throat, for It -la the throat and not the
stomach that is thirsty.
Mabel J. writes . risking: how to take a
crop of pimples off her chin.
At this time of year a little spring: med
icine is necessary. Try a table spoon
of phosphate of soda ln hot water befora
breakfast. Take this every other morn-
Ing for two weeks. .. \
In washing the face use a teaspoon of/
powdered-borax to a quart of water. "Wet
a soft cloth and hold It on the face very
hot. then "spat" the face with the hot
water. Do not rub or Irritate the pimply
-At night rub a little white vaseline into
«tu p mpI i s ai l d in the corning wash off
with the hot borax water. This is the
simplest of all ways. to treat pimples. K
they are still . obstinate there- are other
remedies. ; ••> ¦ .
For Stained Teeth.
"My teeth are discolored. What can I
reader move the stains?" queries a
it F £L dI .scolored teeth consult a dentist.
h«5ST%* at 7°. ur teetn are ln order - tben
n!EE? 1 * m tw c<? a week w" 11 finest
™f ere t? Umice - vDo not swallow the
pumice, but go over the teeth outside and
'"• a) . R Insethe mouth well and brush the
III \F l l h your re S u lar dentifrice, what
dentifrick may *' '"> Tnereare man y *° od
Common salt is good for \ the teeth, but
nttJl ii U iV e 3evere - • Po not use very
It a" an smarts the gums do not use
. Dentistry j s a painful thing, as a.rule,
but it is one of the necessary ills of life:
ana one should, not,- on account of an
5°"*. a discomfort, . neglect the teeth.
Nothing gives back one's money and re
wards one for the time as quickly as a
trip to the dentist. . " ¦-.'¦.* ¦
An attractive mouth Is something every
woman, .no matter how. old or how horae-^
ly, can possess, and to, those who hav«
studied the matter there ' is little excuse
for an ill-shapen set of teeth. But it la
.easier '.to. preach \ this matter than to
practice 'it — so-many a woman will tell
you— and the day seems far off when
teeth"will be attended to as promptly aJ
they should -be.
Nearly every woman believes that a
black velvet band, heightens the beauty
of her seek, when In low corsage. Espec
ially If It ba long and slender, does shs
insist upon putting black velvet about it.
and thus she. makes it look even longsrjj
and slenderer. The effect of black clos*
up to ' the neck and face is always to
make them look thin. A very stout
woman, with a neck too plump, may wear
the black band to advantage, but the thin
woman should wear a string of pearls or
gold beads.
Jewels should be worn with regard to
color. HIgrhly colored gems, rubles and
emeralds do not look well with shades of
blue and red, but show' best with pearl
color or white; topaz harmonizes with
browns and yellow. The pearl is of all
precious stones the likeliest to soften tho
face. Diamonds detract from the brill
iancy of eyes and teeth. If the eyes are
dull, do not make them seem more so, by
putting sparkling or brilliant rhinestones
near them. As to rings, many or none
should be^ worn. An exquisite hand re
quires no Jewels, but the charm of ona
less perfect In shape, if it be white, is
enhanced by a blaze of gems.
Interesting Details.
up slnrr.lyiin the front,' as t lcok? as
thrush ii-was a continuation of the nose.
A hat tliat fares at thi sides is on» tha:
she' can wear; also a turban or toque, in
soft folds, is most becoming.
For the woman with height, weight and
color, hats are a difflcult question. She
must be cautious in. this matter "to the
point of cowardice. •' Few flares and few
feathers and flowers, except when the last
are closely- massed with much foliage and
always tending to dark tints. No flutter-
Ing chiffon strings or perky pompons for
the modern Brunnhllde. She must be
tautly rigged as a yacht, ready to tak«s
every bretze without, a loose end flutter
ing.
is - for the blonde, cream white ; for the
brunette; It Is not the woman in white
who has all the attention, and the .wide
eyed young thing .in white, with a blue
ribbon, who captures all the beaux. It
added to thy charms, Andromeda, • when,'
clothed In white;Uhou didst traverse .the
isle of Seriphos." ' . i~ ..-•..
"Black suits the fair," Ovid tells' us.
It became- Brisels; she was dressed in
black when she was carried. off. It is
the thinnest color a" stout woman can
wear; .Indeed, the woman . who wears
black to best advantage is she who
is' stout and has black eyes, and black
hair. It is an echo 'from Paris that in
gowns t of certain colors flesh seems to
shrink;. in others to expand. .A "subduod
shade of blue, heliotrope and olive green,
with black, of course, are the colors un
der which flesh seems least ostentatious,
while Hvedgewood blue, pale gray, and al
most any shade of red are to be avoided.
Mauve and the higher shades of green
arc the two . colors that in decoration
about the throat and shoulders are espe
cially helpful in diminishing the effect of
the flesh'.
. ThevValue of a Becoming Hat.
The value of a becoming hat cannot be
calculated. It is the article of attire more
than any other which brings out the good
points or accentuates the bad ones, not
only.'of eyes and hair, but of complexion
and the shape of the head. Let the hat
be suited to the wearer, and • all else is
forgotten and forgiven. The picture hat
or the Gainsborough suggests beauty of
patrician type or the brilliancy of a Ru
bens beauty. It is suited rather to the
large-faced beauty than to a woman with
a small face who must not hide It under
a bushel. ¦ She can better wear a close
clinging toque. The round-faced, plump
beauty may wear a ) hat turning back
from the face; one following too closely
the outline of the facesuggests'the fram
ing of the full moon. " .The woman with
a large, round and rather red face must
not crown it with, a small hat suitable
for some fairy. A thin face needs soft,
full framing to tone down all angles.
A woman with a retrousse nose should
not wear. a hat that is bent down directly
in the m'dcle. as it makes the nose look
as though it were trying to meet tha hat;
neither should" she wear a hat that goes
being less trying than smooth tints. Do
not think from this, however, that one
may choose indiscriminately all the tints
that go to make a Scotch plaid or an
Italian sunset
White and willow green is an ideal mix
ture for the wear of fair young girls with
roseleaf complexions.
A red head should beware of pink and
scarlet; green is her color, and white /is
her standby; there are browns, oaks and
copper tints- that will make her a mod-jl
for an artist.
If • there are any yellow tones in the
complexion wear brown or tawny shades
of yellow, deep crimson, and for evening
wear a delicate shrimp to make the yel
low of the skin white.
Only a raging beauty t. an wear.carme
lite. silver, dove and mist gray, and they
are most dangerous to use unless in com
bination with white, as they not only pick
out facial defects, but give emphasis to
the slightest blemish. One way to as
certain the hue whlch ; best becomes one
Is to take fabrics of different colors, and
standing before a mirror in a well-lighted
room' try the effect of each by wrapping
it about, the neck under the chin; it can
then be seen which color makes the face
look clearer and which darker. Color can
be tested also on. the hand; partly cov<$r
the hand with the fabric and it makes
the skin look fair or dark, as it Is, or is
not becoming. ; '
"White makes a woman look big, inno'
cent, winsome and classic. Clear white
. Beauty is cultivated and oft
en ;developed by a knowledge
of color, which must suit eyes,
.-* hair and ; complexion — Correct
; shades for blonde, brunette,
' red-haired and pale women.
. The sallow complexion best .re
lieved by. broad masses of ona
tint-^-The hat brings out good
points or accentuates bad ones.
Copyright. ..AC, by the S. S. McCJuro Co.
IT is just as glorious to be a lovely
picture or a tine poem ars it is -to
paint the one or write the other.
The woman who harmoniously 'de-
velcps the best within her^ has the
charm of a beautiful poem, and if by
the grace and appropriateness of her
dress the enhances her natural endow
ments, she makes herself a pleasing pic
ture. However, before one f arrives at
this beatific consummation, 'which may
thape the fortune, the happiness- and the
v.hole destiny of life, one must study the
effects of contrast, harmonious and in
harmonious, of forms and colors. Color
is of prime importance in dress. That
every woman has in her complexion, eyes
and hair a distinct color scheme 7 is a
lact which artists have asserted for
years; it is also true that it requires no
little courage for a woman with U keen
love of artistic combinations to live up
to her color card. She must Sacrifice
many a bargain, shut her eyes- to hats
that are "dreams." and, in fact, exercise
as much self-denial as though she were
dieting to reduce her weight or to im
prove her complexion.
Periods of artistic dressing which have
occurred in history, at intervals, as the
Greek, the Empire and the Venetian, are
all practical illustrations of satisfactory
results to be obtained from color and tie
signs artistically considered.
There is such an endless variety in the
physical aspect of human beings that one
can hardly lay down any hard and fast
rule about the tints that may be placed
against certain complexions, and these
which are detrimental; the caprices of
nature must then be taken into account
and rules may be made somewhat elastic.
That blue, the pale blue, dedicated to
heaven and the babies, is a color for bru
nettes is a fact that is not generally
known. A brunette, whose rather high
coloring takes something from the refine
ment of her appearance, in a gown of
delicate shade of blue loses her hardness
of coloring and looks prettier, more deli
cate and refined. Green is another color
for the brunette; it is becoming to the
blonde as well, and it helps out with its
fresh, verdant tints the intermediate
stages of the human complexion. A
bright green brightens the natural bril
liancy of a clear, dark /complexion,
throwing into relief the red of the cheek
and lip and lending to the eye a clear,
sparkling light. A blonde requires a soft
er shade of green than the brunette. Too
bright a blue would "give to the fair
haired, fair-skinned woman a sallow,
washed-out look. But it is well to know
that'this color, as well as all others, can
be softened and rendered wearable by
either type of beauty if judiciously com
bined with white.
Although pale blue is generally cbnsiA
eied the color for blue eyes, it is a difli
uult color for a blonde, unless she have a
perfect complexion, and if there be a de
ject in the eye. blue alone must not be
worn, as it immediately calls attention
to the defective eye. Men are generally
accredited with having a preference for
blue. Does this convey a hint to the
wcrr.an. who can wear it, to don. a blue
gown, when she has a favor to ask of
father or husband?
Yellow is the blonde's own color. "I
have never worn yellow in my life. Mr.
Worth." said a flaxen-haired debutante.
rtmonstratingly, to the Parisian dress
maker, when he announced that he
should give her a yellow tulle gown.
"Ah! but you must wear yellow," said
the autocrat, "then you will be a blonde
sitting in sunshine." Shades of tan,
shading into cream, are also for the
blende, and warm browns that glow as
if they had golden hearts. Rose Is equal
ly incoming to blonde or brunette; the
shade known as shrimp being suited to
the dark-haired, Clytemnestra, while old
rose or even a fairer shade is for fair
haired Angelica. Heliotrope may be worn
by the blonde woman who has dark eyes,
and scarlet gives .tone to her skin and
bnghtreES to "her eyes. *.."¦• •"
For the vast army o£ girls, fair-haired
Lillians, blacked-eyed Augustas, who are "
neither blondes nor brunettes, but just
"mediums" or chatain, the following
hints- may be of benefit: ;
'. If hair Is dark and eyes blue," in'choos-
Ing a gown seek to match the eyes and
contrast the hair. One. rule in selecting
color Is to match the hair by day and the
eyes by night.. If the complexion is sal
low and the hair a nondescript brown,
shades of red and brown are good, no ',
matter what the color of the eyes, also
broad masses of one tint. • • ¦
If the hair is black and complexion
swarthy, avoid black and all shades of
mauve, green and violet; yellow, scarlet
and pink are to be chosen.
If fair, with no trace of color, the com
plexion can be lightened by the a-idltio«i
of rose or yellow, glowing purple, dark
blue and dark ,:green. She : of the rosy
cheeks selects gray, burnt orange^ pale
blue and a beautiful dusky tint of violet
shading to* blue, called Yeux Dagmar,
after the Princess Dagmar.
Blue eyes and dark brown hair, and
complexion that i? not clear, require col
crs much darker than the skin, or much
lighter, and, between the face" and the •
color some tint to soften the contrast.
Avoid delicate shades of pink, lavender
and all blues, except a deep. navy; black
makes the skin two shades darker and
duller. Instead of plain colors wear fancy
tints, mottled or clouded, mixed fabrics
THE BEAUTY QUEST
THE ¦-•' STJyb AY. CG ALL.
The girl or woman*who is too
fat can, by following these di
rections, lose flesh and grow
prettier in her movements
from day to day.
10
HOW TO BE HEALTHY AND STRONGOn Sunday, May It, will appear "Sunrise"— a/ costume pose-picture quite as beautiful, and by
some equally well known, among* San Francisco's Four Hundred. The series will .include the .following
striking pose-pictures: "Duchess of .Gainsborough,^ "Tommy Atkins,"- "Empress . Josephine," ""Twelfth
Century Court Beauty," "Hungarian Princess,". "Foliy,'? "A.French Princess" and "Columbia"— all, at
present, fair incognitos! Can you guess P Do you know who they are?
DO YOU KNOW WHO THEY ARE?
COMMENCING on Sunday, May 4, the .first page of The Sunday Call Magazine Section will be de
voted to the first of a series oi : unique and :: charming ' costume • noses ; by soine of the best-known so
ciety women of San; Francisco. "Water Sprite", is to be the heist picture, posed by — — well/ that
would be telling; guess who' the water sprite is, or wait and ses! She Is not only one of the prettiest but
one of the wealthiest of California girls. ' ¦.-¦¦
READ HERE THE SECRETS THAT THE STARS HAVE TO TELL
£-T>HE week beginning on Sunday,
j April 27. will be ruled by Jupiter
j and Mercury. - These combined in-
J fluences should induce lively trad-
JL ing, and retail deaiers should real
ize large profits. This is a good week for
making large contracts and for employ
ing labor, fell during this week.
Spec-ulation will be very changeable ana
the turns will be rapid and unexpected.
Health renditions for the week are ex
cellent. The weather should be pleasant
in the North, South and West, but a cool
wave will sweep' over the Eastern States.
Marriage.
This is not a propitious week for enter
ing the wedded state. There will be
many romantic marriages take place dur
ing tht- next seven days, and some ill
assorted matches will be the result.
Business.
April 27, Sunday— This is an excellent
day for starting on Journeys either by
land or by water, for writing letters and
for the exchange of visits.
April 2£, Monday— This Is a good day
for the promotion of business enterprises
and for the advancement of new ventures.
Speculation opens quite active and
stocks go up by 10:20. Sugar and pro
visions should fTO'Up by noon, with a very
changeable close.
April 29, Tuesday— Important commer
cial matters should be transacted early
in the cay upon this date. Ask favors
from 7 to 9 a. m: . ..'.•" '¦¦'_'
Market opens uncertain. Stocks ana
grain should fall a few points at 11. Met
als should hold their own. Cereals should
go up some at the close.
April V), .Wednesday— This is not a very
favorable day. Quarrels and controver
sies should be avoided. Dealers in dry
goods and novelties should find this a
profitable di-.y.
Market opens a little down, but goes
up by 9:30, and metals up at 10:30; grain
down ana stocks up from 11 to 12, with
provisions up at L
May 1, Thursday— This is a good day
upon which to seek work and favors,
travel and to push sales.
Market opens up on industrials and
cereals, but Is very changeable from 10 to
12, with a decline at the close.
May 2, Friday— Business should be brisk
upon this day.- Large deals should be
consummattii in the forenoon. Commis
sion merchants and transporters should
find this a profitable day. -, ¦ : ¦
Market opens down but goes up by 10:30;
metals best at 12 and stocks at 1.
May 3, Saturday— This is a good day for
general business affairs, for the trans
fer of property and for the signing of
deeds and important papers.
Stocks lead the market until 9:30; pro-
April 28, Monday— The children of to
day will be very successful in business
and professional life and will rise in the
world through their own exertions. Both
girls and boys will- be very fond of ro
mantic conquests. The girls will be more
fortunate in marriage than the boys.
April 29, Tuesday— The children born
upon this day will be fortunate in all of
their undertakings. They will be students
and will accomplish intellectual achieve
ments. The girls will marry well and be
happy in their marital careers. .
April 30, Wednesday— These children will
be uncertain in temper and hard to please.
They should be well disciplined while
they are quite young. The boys should
choose mercantile careers. The girls will
be gifted musically and artistically.
May 1, Thursday— The children born to
day will be quick, obliging and of fine In
tellects. The boys will be handsome and
will be much admired. The girls will be
¦pretty and very romantic.
May '2, Friday— The children of to-day
will be active, clever and very ambitious.
They will adopt professional careers and
will accomplish great results. The boys
should become lawyers. The girls will be,
domestic and happy in their married lives
May. 3, Saturday — The children born
upon this day will be fortunate and will
be successful in any line they may choose.
The boys . will be gifted ; m artistic and
musical lines and the girls will make bril
liant social successes.
and professional people will meet with
great success. There may be annoyances
for some, through letters and anxiety
over the affairs of young people. .
May 2 Friday— Those who celebrate the
anniversary of their birth upon this day
should avoid speculation, risks and inju
dicious investments during the coming
year. Young people should be careful in
forming new friendships and in contract
ing marital engagements.
May 3 Saturday— This will prove to be
a very Iticky year for all who celebrate
their birthday, to-day.. All undertakings
should prove successful," business should
increase, and promotion should come to
young men in employment. Young women
will receive excellent matrimonial offers
and will marry during the next twelve
months. . - : ?W',.
Births.."
-The children born during this week will
be blessed with good health and extreme
endurance. They will be of active intel
lect, cheerful and fond of social amuse
ments. They will be talented in musical
and artistic lines, with strong commercial
inclinations. .• : '
April 27, Sunday— The children born
upon this day. will be quick, bright and
ambitious. • They will not.be very fortu
nate and will meet with many reverses.
The; boys will become business men and
will make, and lose large sums of money..
The girls will marry while quite young.
visions to 10:30; other lines will be marked
by a very changeable aspect. -
Birthdays, u"'
April 27, Sunday — Those who celebrate
their birthday upon this date should riot
lend money or listen to the advice of the
promoters of schemes during the next
year. They should also be conservative^
in business and beware of false friends.
April 28, Monday— This will be a prosper-
ous year in business for those whose
birthday; falls upon this- date. Those in
employ, should . receive promotion. , Young
women will have offers of , marriage. - •:
April 29, Tuesday — Commercial ¦ men
should carefully watch their business dur
ing the coming year Jf their birthday falls'
upon this date. This will be a fortunate
year for courtship, marriage anddomestic
life." Young people will experience, happy
careers if they; marry during 1 the coming
twelve months. - ¦¦•.-• ' '" ., iU
? April 30, 1 Wednesday— Those whose birth
days falls upon this day will find the com
ing year one of hard .work with many
business annoyances. There. may be law
suits and anxiety if or some, with financial
losses. There will , be inheritances of
property for others.
. May, 1, Thursday— This will be a fortu
nate year' for those who .celebrate their
birthday to-day. Business will increase,
worK and thought. The machinery In the
school Is made there and the pupils make
the plans, figure them out and finally turn
put the machine. The most intricate parts
are carefully shown and fitted. When it
is absolutely correct so that! any ' iron
works could take, the plan and Interpret
it brightly a great deal . has been accom
plished. Mechanical processes with draw-
After handling materials In a variety
of constructive processes, one's hands be
come more deft.. The fingers are not all
thumbs, and the implements are not all
edges. There is a happy medium, and it
is found out surprisingly soon.
"What boy or girl would fail to be in
terested In a useful or beautiful art, par
ticularly when a product Is turned out
by their own hands? They do not know
what they can do until they try, and
more frequently than .not the result is a
complete surprise to them. "Why, I
didn't dream I could make a tabouret,"
they cry. Certainly not. Who would en
tertain such a thought until he had tried
It and found out by actual experience.
And yet It is not so very difficult, as
hosts of children find out air the time.
Boys and girls alike bend over the ta
ble utterly absorbed In their work. They
make tabourets, table- tops, shelves and,
in fact, almost anything they please after
the first designs have been turned out.
Every facility is furnished them from the
proper Instruments to the wopd, and even
a. teacher is thrown in; so is it any won
der that the room is always crowded?
Any day one may see boys and girls
scurrying through the halls putting on
aprons or jumpers as they go. Time
means something to them, and every
minute is precious. On the second floor
a strange rap, rap, rap is constantly
heard. Muffled at first, but more dis
tinct every minute. That Is where wqpd
carving is going on In full force.
Able educators who have given the
Question prolonged study answer that It
makes one individually broader; that it
makes one think, feel and act. Knowl
edge, Insight, skill and self-reliance are
the result.
Those rooms contain the machinery, the
blacksmith shop, the modeling room, the
chemistry and the drawing departments.
Constantly the question has been asked
by skeptics "What earthly good does a
blacksmith shop do in a public school?"
Go up to the Polytechnic School, on
Bush street, and see what manual train
ing is doing there. People who pass that
brick building daily imagine that . the
regular course of English, Latin and
mathematics are all that the youngsters
try to get away from. But while they
may try to offer all kinds of excuses and
'•cut" all manner of recitations there
are several rooms that are too small for
the pupils and many hours that are too
short to exactly suit them.
have risen so rapidly and have
effected, or are destined to effect, the
course of education.
p-u jr AXUAL training in our public
f\/\ schools is getting off theoretical
I \i I grounds and is takicg a stand
I on experience's firm foundation.
JL Few educational movements
The next room is filled with would-be
artists. Here are the easels and nere are
the free-hand aspirants. They arrange
themselves anywhere they please and
draw from a model. If the school is too
poor to pay for one some one who ia
studying is frequently envefgled into pos
ing. Anything is resorted to to obtain a 1
live model. Not only black and white is
taught by any means. Historic ornaments
are studied and copied, frequently in
colors. Water-coloring and designing is
far more interesting to the I girls than
black and white. Sketches are valued for'
numerous reasons and the class is always
delighted to go on an outing where na
ture and her colors may be observed and T
explained. . ¦ , ;
Besides this free-hand work there is
mechanical drawing. That means hard
The place is anything but inviting look
ing. The floor is white and everything
has a distinct rub-off appearance. Tlie
clay and tools are not prepossessing and
the models stand here and there without
the slightest interest in what is going on.
But the pupils are interesting. Intensely
so. Girls are covered completely with
large aprons; boys with jeans and jump
ers. They mold, pat, add to and take
away. There is no playing and no idling.
Every one is too absorbed In his own bit
of work to pay much attention to his
neighbors., |
Consequently the results are good.
Artists say surprisingly good. Teachers
say "pupils are always good here. Even
the worst boys in the school pay atten
tion to business j here, and have to be
driven out. The only trouble is that stu
dents have to be watched. Thev 'cut*
other recitations to stay here and .finish
their work."
Certainly that knowledge is usaWe.
Even people who are not philosopher*
agree as t*> thai: - While the main ide-i
has been elevated and extended and has.
moved somewhat away from utilitar an
considerations and has taken on more
educational aims, still the knowledge that
the road to a position is easier and
shorter remains firm.
The wood-turning shop is where the
pupil first faces a machine. He mast first
master its details and operations ; must
make it serve his ends. Tiie boys are all
crazy to make dumb-bells, Indian clubs,
stilts ar.d other articles that will serve
their own immediate purpose, while the
girls try their hands at card trays, vases,
shelves and anything that might prove
of some value about a house.
While one part of the room is entirely
devoted to carving, the other part of it
is in perpetual clay daubs. There are all
kinds of tables and stands covered with
chunks of v.et clay. Here the sirls par
ticularly fuss and fume every day and
test their artistic talents.
It seems queer to watch the students at
their studies. .They are so much apart
of It. Usually boys, or girls either, for
that matter, go at things in a haphazard
fashion, especially if the work is dirty.
Not so these people. They dress fur it
and are not afraid of using a little soap
and water afterward. The oil cans sim-
The girls don't have to take this
course, as blacksmithing would prove of
little use to them; but they can supple
ment Venetian iron work for it. They
turn out lamp and umbrella stands,
screens and fire sets and even crestir.gs.
Each piece of work is first drawn on pa
per, so they derive as much benefit from
It as do these boys.
Mr. BusnT the principal, says: "In nine
cases out of ten the boys make a dy
namo. They are permitted to make small
ones and are then taught their value. Sev
eral boys, that I know of have lighted
their homes with electric lights, and there
are all sorts of devices that have proved
a success. For instance, running the sew
ing machine by electricity."
They punch, weld and temper steel :
they make ' wrenches, washers, meat
hooks and even forks; later they turn
out tongs, chisels and a set'of lathe tools.
They work with machinery such as
water pumps for the building, even the
dynamo used in the chemistry depart
ment is the work of several chaps.
Scarcely a boy goes through that school
but ho takes a course in forging.
Any day they may be seen pumping their
bellows and hammering and pounding for
dear life. They burn themselves once in
a while, and they burn each other, but
they learn to handle implements and to
be careful. "A burned child dreads the
fire," and they take particular pains to
work all about it, to be over it and yet
not to be in it.
ing are^ as rigid and as exacting as a
problem in geometry; without it they are
\ merely-'- feu^ss-wofk." \ ¦'' '
; . And besides educational value of it
- ;it is'a- potent/ 1 means of cultivating close'
1 attention, neatness, precision and order,
and these things all make up a great part
of life,* and if that was the only thing
that was gained the time could not be
counted lost.
When a boy first enters the shop he
puts on a suft> of overalls, and with his
change of clothes he changes his mind.
That Is, he leaves behind all frivolity and
takes up his work with a will. His first
lesson is to care for his tools and to learn
- the nature of each one. If he takes up
'foundry molding he, makes patterns of
?white metal and he makes his own mold.
In fact, all the work is turned out by the
pupils themselves. All the instruction" is
given that is actually required, but when
a thing is conquered by oneself it i3
much more valuable.
But because periods are given up to
these studies do not think for a moment
that none of the branches of high school
work a»- taken up," because they are, and
what. is more, carried on until one is ad
mitted to any of the universities. There
is Latin, French and German, English,
geometry, algebra and trigonometry, civil
government and history and physics
plenty to keep one- busy.
Simply because manual training is
taken up the school is not a comfortable
one for idlers. "Work while you work
and play while you play" is their motto,
and it is strictly adhered to. The school
has nothing to offer in the line of "royal
roads" to learning. That is not its ob
ject and never will be. The aim is to
contribute to, the physical. Intellectual and
moral well-being of each and every stu
dent that enters its doors, which is ac
complished so well that San Francisco
should be proud of Its institution.
If a table is needed in any room tha
teacher goes down to the carpenter shop
and says, "I need a table four feet
square," and a few days later the table
is complete and ready for use. That
is the way they do things up there. And
one thing is true. If a chap can make
a table or a chest of drawers for tha
school he can make it again for home.
If you don't think the work is turned out
exactly a3 well as any finished carpen
ter can do it, go up and ask to see it.
You will find it everywnere In evidence,
and what Is more, you' may see It la
full progress.
Chemistry is another part of their
course that is interesting as well as in
structive. The experiments form the ba
sis for what theory it is necessary to
teach. Labor with the hands is mora
apt to hold the attention, and when it
is more or less dangerous, more of iest
is added. The laboratory is filled with
pupils, all intent on finding out things of
practical value, such as the analysis of
air, water, ice, gas, acids and a host of
other qualities quite as common but quite
as conolicated.'
' Another useful period is spent in the
carpentering shop. There are four Ion?
benches with drawers and drawers filled
with the necesary tools. first they
plane and saw; do just the ordinary,
homely things that everybody ought to
thoroughly understand and that so few
really do. Then they go really to work.
They make chests, drawers, tables, book
cases and the like.
ply reek and the machinery is greasy and
black, but they handle it and come out
of the fray as black as the ace of spades.
The girls roll up their sleeves and sail
in. If they had to tlo that selfsame
thing at home their dignity would be
everlastingly wounded, but at school 1* is
different. The spirit of rivalry is strong
and each and every one has to do his or
her best or be Iett most awfully in the
lurch.
THE SUNDAY, CALL.
WHERE THE TRADES ARE TAUGHT
11utter hopelessness of his outlook muiiied hiu:
into silence. Dropping his Head into his open
palms he sat dully staring at the . whitening
ashes., - - .,v . •.. ¦ - y\ - ¦, -¦. . ' .
After a moment the man in blue rose to his
feet- and fastened. his haversack. -•
VI live up in Bethlehem, New Hampshire,"
he remarked, ."and If you. ever- come that-way
t n p,Pe you'll look meup; my name's Moriar
,-"Your name's Morlarity, I shall remember,"
repeated Dan, trying, with a terrible effort, to
steady^his quivering Hmbs. ¦ ... ,
¦ "Jim- Moriurity. 1 Don't you forget it. Any
body, at Bethlehem can tell you about me. I
keep the biggest, store around there." He went
off a few ¦ steps and then came back . to hold
out an . awkward hand in which ¦ there - was a
little heao of silver. , ... . .- '
Just better take this to start -you on
your way," * he said,* "it -ain't but ninety-five
cents— I couldn't . make :- out - the . dollar— and
when you get it again you can send It to Jim
Morlarity at Bethlehem, New Hampshire.
Good-by, and sood. luck to you this time." .:
V'The Battle-Ground" Is published by
Doubleday, Page & Co., New, York. Price
$1 5<V- ¦.¦¦•-¦'-:¦•¦,-¦;-¦-.¦•-•--¦•¦. : ¦: ¦¦ • .
Lachmi Bai.
Michael: White hasVwrltten under, the
title ."Lachmi Bai" ¦ a novel : dealing
with ; the part'- played Vj by.i the Rani of
Jhansf ; In the^ Indian "Mutiny. The story
follows the historical account of the Rani,
although her cruelty in ": massacring the
British garrison is glossed over here. The
story opens at the time when the rebellion
was about : to r break out in" Jhansi. The
Rani was -the .widow of .the last Raja of
Jhansi.'- Through a compact which he had
made with, the/British Government,-as he
died- without heirs, the state of = Jhansi
reverted toithe British crown. *, The Rani
saw in the uprising of the Sepoya a chance
to gain possession of the throne of Jhansi.
so she joined the native movement.^ When
came known • tnat Jhansi had, ' revolted,
¦UriUiih. troops advanced to its assault. In
spite of the heroic ertorts of tne: iuun tnu
place was captured by the British. Lachmi
Bai escaped to. the- army. of -Tantia Topi,
and.by her wonderful courage ihelped that
general to prolong his struggle against. the'
British. ¦ Lachmi :Bai even <foughf in the
Indian * army ; clad:, in male , attire. . Before '
-the- rebellion' was brought \ to an* end she
was'kiiled as she fought at the head of
her.troops. •". • ". »%. • : -
"Although In point of dramatic power not
equal to some other stories of the Mutiny,
"Lachmi Bai" --presents an entertaining
picture ; of ' one of the : most ' romantic fig
ures involved in. the great struggle against
British rule inlndia. (Publishedby J.F.-
Taylor & Co., New York. (Price ?1 50.)
'The Grip \ of the Bookmaker.
"The Grip of the Bookmaker," by Percy
White, is'a readable novel. It can hardly;
be:called c a\ strong -one;*- but It; has- the
merit'of " being • told : in a direct, straight- <
away >fashloh; thai; holds one's .Interest.' s
", The ? dominant character "of the story; is
Mortimer - Gordon; , an Englishman • of the
lower-sporting' class, whose accumulated
¦ ¦ ¦ -¦ — -
sets up nis household gods in the ".London
square where lives Constance Madryn
j with her father. Philip : Gordon Is . re- '
celved there, and Is used by the aunt of
Constance to excite the/ jealousy" and
hurry the suit of Frank Drayton, a rich
fellow in love with the girl.- Philip loves
Constance; but she does not realize^ that
she • has i that feeling * for him. Then it
: comes to the ears of Colonel Madryn that
Philip Js the son of "Alf Harris," the
bookmaker who swindled . him out of
money In former years. : There is trouble
and Philip is treated in a way. that makes
his spirit rebel,- for the aunt of Con
stance has suspected his love for her.- But
he, accepts, matters as thev are and de
scends to nothing petty. The plebeian
¦father and' his gentleman son are unmer
cifully snubbed by all but Constance, who
in'the meantime marries Frank Drayton,
whom: she thinks she :. loves, but who
afterward turns out to be a handsome idol
made of very sordid clay.
• Philip Gordon In course of time rises to
be a very successful lawyer," with the
image of Constance Madryn ever in his
heart.""- He is thrown with her much so
cially through the plans of a mutual
friend, a butterfly ; woman ¦ of society. His
father has never, forgiven the Madryiis
cults. The larger share he offered to Dan with
the steaming- pot of coffee. ' . - - . ¦
"I declare it'll do me downright good to see
you eat," he said, with a hospitable gesture.
Dan sat down beside the bread and beef, and,
Tor the next, ten minutes, ate like a -famished
wolf, while the man in ¦ blue • placidly regarded
him. When he had finished he took out' a little
bag of Virginian tobacco and they smoked to
gether beside the waning fire. jfA natural light
returned gradually to Dan's eyes, and - wtill*
the clouds of smoke rose high above. the bushe3
they talked of the last great battles as quietly
as of the Punic Wars. It was all dead. now, as
dead an history, and the men who had fought
had left the bitterness . to the camp followers
or to the ones who stayed at home. ¦ . •
"You have fine tobacco down this way," ob
served the Uulon soldier, as he refilled his pipe
and lighted it with an ember. Then his gaze
followed I>an's, which was' resting on the long
blue lines that stretched across the . landscape.
"You're feeling right bad about us now,"
he pursued, as he crossed his legs and . leaned
buck against a pine, "and I guess It's nat
ural, but the time will come when you'll' know
that we weren't the worst you had to face."
Dan held out his hand with something of a
smile. . ¦ .. . y . :.¦
• . "It was a' fair fight and' I can shake hands,"
he responded. - . -_ . . .
"Well. I den'tmean that," said ¦ the other
thoughtfully. "What I mean is Just this, you
mark, my word*— after < the battle comes ths
vultures. -After the army of J fighters comes
the a,rmy ¦ of those ¦ who haven't ; smelled the
powder. And in time you'll learn that it isn't
the man with the rifle that does the moat'mis
chief. '. The -. damned coffee : boilers \ will .. get
their hands in. now — I know 'em." ••
."Well, there's nothing left, I suppose, but
to swallow it down without any fuss,"., said
Dan werrlly, looking over the field where the
slaughtered ox was roasting on a hundred bay
oneta at a hundred fires. •¦ . .- •
"You're right, that's the only thing," agreed
the- man In blue. Then his keen gray eyes were
on Dan's face. • ¦ ¦ -'"-:'.••¦ :¦:'.- '. • •
"Havs you got a wife?" he asked bluntly^ i
Dan shook his head as he stared gravely at
the embers. \ ¦ , '¦¦-'.l.
"A sweetheart, I guess? I never met a
Johnny who didn't have a sweetheart."
Outlines of Botany.
Robert Greenleaf Leavitt.' A. M., of the
Ames Botanical Laboratory has recently
prepared, at the request of the Botanical
Department of Harvard University. "Out
lines of Botany," for the high school la-
Jioratory and classroom. It offers: L A
series of laboratory exercises In the mor
phology and physiology of phanerogams.
2. Directions for a practical study of
typical cryptogams, representing the
chief groups from the lowest to the high
est. 3. A substantial body of Information
regarding the forms, activities and rela
tionships of plants, and supplementing
the laboratory studies.
s The laboratory work is so chosen that
It is adapted both to schools possessing
extensive equipments and to those with
only limited apparatus. The order of ar
rangement follows in the main that of
Gray, the standard, and while morphol
ogy and physiology are fully treated, spe
cial attention is paid to ecology, to the
relations of the plant with its environ
ments There are nearly 400 illustrations
the book. The appendix contains de
scriptions of the necessary laboratory
materials, with directions for their use,
as well as suggestions for helpful exer
cises. (Published by the- American Book
Company, New York. Price, $1.)
Books Received.
.«I H ?.>, O T I ' O a N 5? TS ~ By Harri >™ Robert
son. Charles Scribner's Sons New York *1 50
AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP— By David J.
Brewer. Charles Scribner'a Sons, New York.
•5 cents. .
GEOGRAPHICAL READER OP EUROPE —
By Frank G. Carpenter. The American Book
Company. New York. 70 cents.
LITTLE STORIES FOR LITTLK PEOPLE —
By Annie Willis. McCuIlough. The American
Book Company, New York. 25 cents
_™E WESTCOTES-By A. T. Qulller-Courh.
Henry T. Coates & Co., Philadelphia. $1 0u
. AMEKICAN LITERATURE —By J \v
Abernethy. Ph. D. Maynard. Merrill & Co.!
New York,
Playgoer's Edition of
Soldiers of Fortune.
Ghari.es scribner'S sons of
New York have just issued a play
goers' edition of Richard Harding
Davis' charming, story, "Soldiers
of Fortune." Every one who reads at all
remembers this, fine story of love and all
venture In one of those South American
republics that is forever having a revolu
tion all' its own; and ' , remembers the
strong character of- Robert Clay, the
American mining, engineer, -and Hope
Langham, the fascinating herolneN That
the book possessed splendid dramatic
possibilities, has been clearly demonstfat
ed'by the success of the play In the East
—we of the West must still live In : the
hope that it will at last cross the Sierras
and then we can judge, for ourselves if
Augustus Thomas' dramatization equals
the book in interest. The present edition
can be bur consolation in the meantime,
for, besides containing a list of the orig
inal cast of characters, the book Is filled
with half-tone reproductions taken from
photographs, of the principals in the
drama and of scenes in the play. Judg
ing from his photograph In .costume^
Robert ( Edeson makes an ideal Robert
Clay. Some of . the pictures " that . go to
make the present edition so attractive, are
shown on this • page. r With such pictures
as these there is. much added to make; ; the
story a living quantity in one's imagina
tion. Price $150. •' > . <
the many fine situations in "The Battle-
Grcund." It has been chosen for two rea
sons; first because it is complete in itself;
and second, because it brings out so ade
quately the sentiments of the Northern
and Southern soldiers:
On the afternoon of the third day, as the
little company drew near to the Appomattox
Courthouse, it founft— the road blocked with
abandoned guns and lined by exhausted travel
ers, who had prone down at the last halting
place. As It filed into an open field beyond a
wooded level, where a few campflres glimmer
ed, a group of Federal horsemen clattered'
across the front, and. as if by instinct, the
column formed into battle line, and the hand
of every man was on the trigger of his musket.
"Don't fire, you fools!" called an officer from
behind them, in a voice sharp with irritation.
"The army has surrendered!"
"What! Grant surrendered?" thundered the
line, with muskets at a trail as it rushed into
the open.
"No, you blasted fools; we've surrendered."
ehouted the voice, rising hoarsely In a gasping
indignation.
"Surrendered, the deuce!" scoffed the men,
as they fell back into ranks. "I'd like to
know what General Lee will think of your
surrender. . . *
A little colonel, with his hand at his sword
hilt, strutted up and down before a tangle of
dead thistles.
"I don't know what he thinks of It, he did
it," he shrieked, without pausing in his walk.
"IV e a. damn He!" cried Dan, in a white
heat. Then he threw his musket on the ground
and fell to sobbing the dry. tearless sobs of a
man who feels In his heart crushed by a eud
den blow.
There were tears on all the faces around him,
and Pinetop was digging his great- fists Into
hie eyes as a child does who has been pun
ished before his playmates. Beside him a man
with an untrlmmed, ehaggy beard hid his dis
torted features in shaking hands.
"I ain't blubberin' fur myself," he said,
defiantly, "but O Lord, boys — I'm cryin' fur
Marse Robert."
Over the field the beaten soldiers, in ragged
gray uniforms, were lying beneath little bushes
of sassafras and sumach, and to the right a
few campfires were burning In a ehady thicket.
The struggles was over. ,and each man had
f alien where he stood, hopeless for the fir.it
time in four Ions years. Up and down the
road groups of Federal horsemen trotted with
cheerful unconcern, and now and then a pri
vate paused to make a -remark In friendly
tones: but the men beneath' the bushes only
stared with hollow / eyes In answer — the blank
stare of the defeated who have put their whole
strength into the fight.
Taklns out his Jackknife. Dan unfastened
the flag; from th«; hickory pole on which he had
placed it, and began cuttintr it into little pieces,
which he paessd to each man who had fought
beneath Its folds. The last bit he put into his
own pocket, and trembling like one gone sud
denly palsied, passed frcm the midst of hia
silent comrades to. a pine ctump on the border
of the woods. Here he ¦ sat down and looked
hopelessly upon the scene before him — upon the
Uttered roads and the great blue lines encir
cling the horizon. . •
Down the road a line of Federal privates
came driving- an ox before them, and he eyed
them gravely, wondering in a dazed way if
the t8Ete of victory had gone to their heads.
Then he turned slowly, for a voice was speak
ing at his side, and a tall man in a long blue
coat was building a little fire bard by.
"Your stomach's pretty empty, ain't It,
Johnny t\ he Inquired, as he laid the sticks
cros«wifee Vith precise movements, as If he had
measured the length of each separate piece of
wood. He was lean and raw-boned, - with a
shaggy red mustache and a > wart on his left
check. When he spoke he showed an even row
of strong white te*th.
Dan looked at him with a kind of exhausted
indignation. ¦ ¦ ¦ , . "• s ¦ A ¦•¦-'
"Well, it's been emptier," he returned
shortly.
The man in blue struck a match and held it
carefully 'to a dried pine branch. " watching,
with a serious fac*. as the flame licked the
resin from the crossed sticks. Then he plated
a quart pot full of water on the coals and
turned to meet Dan's eye*, which had grown
ravenous as he caught the *cent of the beef;
"You see, we somehow thought you: John- '.
nies would be hard up," he said in an_offhand
manner, -"so we made up our minds we'd ask
you to dinner and cut our rations square." Some
of ui»\are driving over an ox from camp,' but
as I wki? hanging round and saw you all by
yourself on this old stump I had a feeling that
you were In need of. a cup of coffee. • You
haven't tasted teal coffee for , tome time, I
suets." ' , '
The water was bubbling over and • he meas
ured out ¦ the coffee and poured it slowly ¦ into
the quart cup. As the aroma filled the air he
openrd- his haversack and drew, out ¦ a gen.er
ous bupply of raw beef, which he broiled on
little sticks and laid on a. spread of army bl»-
Bright Days in Merrie England.
A very attractive and useful volume Is
one that has been recently published by
Honeyman &.Co. of Plainfleld, N. J. The
full title of the book. is "Bright Days in
Merrie England— Four-In- Hand Jour
neys," written by A. V. D. Honeyman.
The mechanical excellency of the work is
of a very high grade— the typography,
binding and numerous illustrations being
of the best.
Those who have traveled in England,
or expect to take a trip, will be equally
interested; for to take thi3 trip with Mr.
Honeyman is almost as good as going
yourself. He is a keen observer and also
has to a marked degree that happy fac
ulty of description that makes other eye3
see what his eyes have seen. It has been
Mr. Honeyman's fad for a number of
years to spend a part of his summers in
England and indulge In the delightful
pastime of coaching— probably the best
way in the world of seeing and enjoying
the scenery and observing the points of
interest. The book is of nearly 500 pages
and ls fully indexed. The author gives
his experiences . in charming narration,
far from the usual guidebook st-^le that
one is so apt to indulge in, and covers
about 800 mllea of the best» country of
England— the English lake district and
Middle, Southern and Western England.
His trips have been so planned to take In
every bit that might prove most inter
esting to the sightseer. The Illustrations
are different from those generally found
in books of this kind, for most of them
are frt>m photographs taken by Mr. Hon
eyman's fellow travelers. Price $1 50.
Caesar's Commentaries.
The American Bpok Company of New
York has recently Issued "JHarkness and
' Forbes' Caesar's Commentaries on the
War," with introduction,, notes and
vocabulary by Albert Harkness, Ph. D.,
LL. D., professor emeritus in Brown
University, assisted by Charles H.
Forbes, A. B., professor of Latin in Phil
lips Academy, Andover, Mass.
This work is pre-eminently a student's
edition, and has been prepared with spe
cial reference to the present needs of pre
paratory and secondary schools. The edi
tors have had exceptional opportunities
for studying and appreciating the need3
of such schools. They combine a. thor
ough acquaintance with the best methods
of classical instruction at home and ,
abroad with a practical experience in
teaching Latin.
This edition is furnished with an intro
duction containing an outline of the life
of Caesar, a description in brief of the
scenes of his military operations in Gaul.
Germany and Britain, and a short treat
ise on the military system of the Ro
mans. . - ¦
In the notes to the earlier books ques
tions are interspersed at intervals to aid
the student in adding to his stock of
knowledge in a definite and positive form,
such grammatical and historical infor
mation as. the author places within his
reach. ' In these questions the historical
aspect of the study is especially empha
sized.
In the vocabulary special attention i3
given to etymology, but the treatment !s
made as simple as possible with the aim
of aiding the student in understanding
and appreciating the significant elements
of words. The important subject of
idioms and phrases receives due atten
tion. )
Among the most striking features of the
work are the nine colored plates illustra
tive of the military system of the Ro
mans, which have been reproduced in
the natural colors. Besides these there
are many other illustrations, eleven plans
of battles, seven campaign maps, and a
general map of Gaul. Price Jl 25.
WHEN last year we received
from the pen of Miss Ellen
Glasgow her novel. "The Voice/
of the People." a story of con
- temporary Southern life, it was
an easy matter to prophesy for the
author a brilliant literary career. This
season her book, "The Battle-G round,"
more than fulfills our expectations. Al
though "The Voice of the People" was
one of the best books of the year, this
last splendid story of life in the South
before and during the Civil War is even
better. It Is written with more mature
power, with better literary finish, and to
the reviewers mind is a better production
than "The Crisis" or "Audrey."
One point in which this work shows the
highest literary cleverness is in the total
absence of any "gallery play" that is so
frequently employed by writers to excit<»
interest where the author is lacking ih
the divine talent that can hold the read
tr's attention by skillful character draw-
ir.n instead of literary fireworks.
ilits Glasgow sives us a novel without
a villain. She tells a love story, the ul
timate ending of which is evident from
the first few pages; and yet you read
with unflagging: interest every page from
beginning to end with the same zest and
with only a regret that you must at last
j'art company with people so delightful—
that is art:
Her pictures of the old plantation life
before the war are inimitable. Her bat
tle scenes contain the reaJism tha: made
the name of Stephen Crane. The t;reat
power of the "book, as has been fc.im.ed,
lies not eo much in incident or climax as
in the remarkable development of char
acter und in a subtle power of making
each and every detail bear directly tpoii
the purpose of the whole.
The contrast of the life of the free ne
gro l^evi and that of the slaves on the
better plantations; the character an<I
work cf the broad minded and kindly
slave owners compared with that of the
disreputable men who trafficked in hu
man souls merely as a personal gain and
without conscience— all this I* most deli
cately and yet most powerfully done.
Miss Glasgow writes without partlsaii-
Bfclp and you find the right strongly con
trasted with the wrong. Another point
in the authors literary ability is shown
here in the accomplishment of her ends
without falling into that bore often in
flicted upon the patient novel reader, the
hore of sermonizing.
The story follows the life and fortunes
of Dan Mont joy, but by no means to the,
exclusion of other people just as deserv
ing of study. His fiancee, Betty Ambler,
is one of the most lovable characters of
ficlion. and it would be difficult to Imag
ine i«-(i more delightful characters of the
old school of Southern gentlemen than
ilajor Lightfoot and Goverribr Ambler.
Di>n is a. splendid specimen of the youn;r
Southerner of the cavalier type. We meet
him first as a little waif tramping
through the night to his grandfathers
plantation— the plantation of Major
Li^htfoot. Dan's mother was the ma-
Jor'e only daughter, who had married
against his will and had been disowned.
After her death, her son goes to throw
himself upon the mercy of the stern and
unforgiving father. With characteristic
Southern hospitality the major receives
the little boy with open arms, and Dan is
soon installed as chief favorite, with -.11
the opportunities of becoming a spoiled
chad and a worthless spendthrift that
would be afforded by the rash leniency
of a doting- and rich grandparent.
The Lightfoot blood saves Dan in the
erd, but several times in the course of
his history he is at the turning point
where a fatal step would mean ruin.
In his college days he fights an unsav
ory duel with a brother Virginian and re
turns to his grandfather's house, where
the news of his slip from grace has al
ready preceded him. With two such fiery
tempers as the major's and Dan's
brought in contact the inevitable happens
and Dan leaves the house in a rage and
in disgrace to make his own way in th<
world. It is at this time that he realizes
the true love and devotion of Betty Am
bler, and he goes forth into a life so for
eign to him, buoyed up with the strength
of a good woman's love.
He is soon joined by his devoted body
servant. Big Abel, who runs away from
the major to be with his young master
and together they go to make their way
Jn the world. The outbreak of the war
finds Dan and Big Abel enlisted in a com
pany of volunteers waiting impatiently
to eo to the front.
The picture that Miss Glasgow draws of
the hot-headed youngsters of the volun
teer regiments at this time is splendidly
done. They little realize the troubles
ahead, and to their minds the possibili
ties of the war are merely one grand lark.
They scorn the discipline, and, of course
ail expect to be colonels and generals in
a few weeks. Dan has Big Abel do all
his camp chores for him and Is still the
young Southern gentleman, as yet un
sobered by the acts of hard fate. The
campaign soon changes all this, and Miss
Glasgow brings her hero through a
school of stern practice severe enough
to make or break any man. But Dan has
the right etock in him, and though he
?° m^5,? u $. of the war a Private as he went
to, still the reader will find no fault with
the author for not crowning him with
temporal honors where she does so much
for him by giving him the hand and heart
of Betty Ambler, after first having made
nlm worthy of her.
«E$ ££i ln »°*£ he &sht tor the So" 11 *
Riled with all the narrowness of preju
dice and belief in caste comnftm to the
young Southern cavalier. At first h«
ecorns the young Tennessee mountaineer"
JT^k^Rw W . h0 £ ehts by hls side-unl
couth. Illiterate, but with a heart as true
for his native State as the best of them;
but the rigors of the campaign soon level
all class distinction.
One of the last scenes in the book pic
turing the rebel army routed and defeat
ed and yet with its stragglers still ready
to go on In the awful battle that has left
them but a maimed mob of sick men. is
printed below. This will serve to give an
idea of the virility of Miss Glasgow's pen;
+F 1 i , wo L k ls so even ly S»od throughout
the book that this selection must not be
looked upon as having deserved any
particular mention above any other of
lor their treatment of him and his boy
and would be glad to see Constance make
a false step. Nothing of the sort hap
pens, but Philip Gordon grows more and
more into the life of Constance Drayton.
whose life with her husband becomes
more", and more unbearable. The old
maa's intrigues and. petty maneuvers to
fathom the depths of natures far above
him, his hatred of the class that persists
in putting him where he belongs and his
love for his son are well brought out. The
son brings I out the best there is in his
rough father's nature, and never forgets
to honor the relationship between them.
Finally Constance Drayton leaves hf>r
husband and his gross infidelities. She
seeks refuge with her father and is
granted a divorce. Then Philip Gordon
seeks her out and the love that has been
In their hearts since childhood days is
plighted. Mortimer Gordon, who has
feared this might happen, and who hates
all the tribe of Madryn for their refusal to
recognize him as an equal, broods himself
Into a violent rage during his son's ab
sence and is found dead by him on his re
*urn. His was too selfish a nature to be
much regretted. The love story of the
book is well handled and refreshing in
that It is kept a pure one. (Published by
R. F. Fenno & Co., New York. Price,
$1 50.) •
V,|!? B J, rv * * sweetheart—God blesi her!" .
t«n^e^to° CuJl a vL my no ai vIht^J%^Th ance
: Hlte%wr^ y;SiMm^biiflf ?*v«S2w
u haff-s?a?ved and s ckl^^one.at is yourl Wh^
l shouldn't have thought you had the strength
to raise your rifle; 1' /
••Oh,-tt doesn't take much strength for.that;
and besides the coffee did me good. I was only
hu .?5 ry-"
Hungry, hump!" grunted the Union soldier,
hlL i««u m K re » th ?h hunger to give a man that
jf. Z bou * ¦"}• • «»»•. V/h!l™£ »nd
drew out a cuininl r m 1h mnf hottie of
whUky - Q«»nlne pill and a little bottle of
"if you'll itiHt'rhurir this down it won 1/do
• you any harm/' he *n]"Sn -"and I were
you, I'd find shelter before I went to sleep to-
night; you can't trust April weather. Get into *
that cow shed over there or under a wagon."
s Dan swallowed the quinine und the whisky,
and as the strong spirit fired his veins the
¦ .-•¦ -<i- ¦ • ¦ •¦¦ ¦:¦¦-¦¦¦- .
the native troops at Jhansi broke out in
revolt the foreigners sought shelter in the
British . fort. For a few days they hela,
out; At .the end of that time lack of food:
and ammunition compelled them to ac-
ce Pt the offer made by the Rani. They.
were promised that if; they would open
the.gates of the fort and. would lay down .
their arms they would be allowed to de-
part from the state in safety. On sur-
rendering they were all massacred. Ac-
co^ingto the romance of Mr. White, thia
£, ct of"-eachery was the act. not of the
Rani> bl,t of her lieutenant, Ahmad Khan,
-wno hac* conducted the siege of the fort-
re *s- .Ahmad- Khan was a Mohammedan
who hoped to make the rebellion the
-means of-gaining for himself the throne
.of Jhansi. -To further his "ends he en-
couraged Lachmi Bai in her determination-
not. to yield to the British.' When it be-,
:¦. ; ¦ - - - '•.-•
riches cannot obscure the skeleton that
pursues-him and prevents his rise in the
social'scale-that-is, the memory of his
days spent in gambling and at the race
course as "Alf Harris," bookmaker.
Then, too, his make-up is. not one that
can forswear the class to which he nat
urally belongs. The efforts he makes in
that direction are for.the sak« of his
motherless son, Philip Gordon;, from
whom he conceals the bookmaking days.
The boy's college days are clouded by
this knowledge,which gossip finally brings
to him, for he is made of finer stuff than
"his father. On a vacation trip
he falls in love with'the'pretty daughter
of an English officer, Colonel Madryn of
Pentash, a vetejran as proud as his name,
one of the proudest in England. Morti
mer Gordon in >fils efforts to get
among the best for his boy's sak*
.. ¦
THE S U IN JL> A Y C A JL JU.
by
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT
12
"In the Footprints
of the Padres."
Fy.CIUEIES W/BK1H 610DDABD.
" This book Is largely remi-
niscent. It Is comprised of the
memories ot one who haa spent his
life on th« Pacific Cdust. one who
loves California with that peculiar
devotion : that Inspires all the s-tis
of the Koldeir West. Mr. Stoddaril
has a style that is individual arH
artistic. He wri.tes with a smooth
flow of words that forms a flttins
setting for his prose songs concern-
Ins ; the buoyant youth of Califor-
nia." — Tha Milwaukee Sentinel.
PRICE sTHb WET.
A. M. ROBERTSON,
Puhnshcr, '26 Post Street.
I An Exhibition i
«- CHINA «• j
200 Rare Old Pieces, never be- I
lore seen in California. «••».» ¦
Collectors and Students will I
appreciate. Write for Calalogve. I
EXHIBITION 1
I from April 28th to May 3d. |
Eider and Shepard, |
a 23S Pojt Street. San Frar.cUco. !affront. They feel "that they are
sMghted* for some reason. They .neglect
the 'work ' and ' spend ? their -time ' nursing
their shattered ambition and knocking the
leading., lady. ... ¦ ¦ , 'jr*~f. :
. • '.'Temperament is the first , essential.'
'You can't. tell by the looks of a frog how
/. Tuesday Trot-nhig found me and a dozen
other would-be leading ladies -at the
Orpheum,' each waiting to do her turn.
They. ranged all the way from 18 to ft 1 —
some trembling with ¦ expectation and
some ; with • a set hopelessness on''' their
faces. ' . .'jSmtfSaEHrJ
•rtcrnres at resu ringers hung around th»
office, and out of reverence for them I
declined to desecrate the art, but I ask-d
Manager Leahy what he considered the
first essential to success on the stage.
• "Here you have got to make good on a
voice. For success In capital letters yoi
should have three things— a good figure, a
pretty face and a good voice. Here we
consider the voice first of all, but In som?
of the Eastern cities a pretty face goes a
long way. Here, besides all these, you
ought to know something about dancing
and carrying yourself properly. Did you
ever stop to think that it Is not an easy
thing to walk across the stage properly?"
"But how do girls ever get on the stage
at all when they are so persistently dis
couraged by everybody?" I asked.
"Well, there are two now," answered
Mr. Leahy, motioning in the direction
v where two young ladles were waiting to
speak to him. "They have sung for Stein
dorff. and he says they'll do, and now
they are waiting for a chance in the
chorus."
"And I hope they'll get it," said I as I
fled and left the way clear for the two '
that Steindorff had O. K.'d.
Next I headed for the Central, and here *
again I was met by Belasco.
"Didn't Bryant encourage • you?" said
he. and I thought I saw a twinkle in his
eye. x
"No," I said, "he didn't. But I have
been in amateur theatricals with great
success, and when I go to the matinees
and sit in the front rows and watch the
leading lady it just makes me crazy to
act."
"You don't know what you are talking
about. It takes years and years to be
come a leading lady, and what looks the
easiest from this side of the footlights
¦ probably took hours of patient rehearsal.
It isn't an easy matter to faint gracefully
and without, jarring the house. It is an
art. When my brother Dave was rehears
ing Blanche. Bates in "Madame Butterfly'
In New York they would go to the theater
in the morning — it was in the summer
time and almost too hot to stir, but there
they would work all day. She went over
and over that little play hundreds of
times, experimenting, trying fqr the most
effective way, and when he'd call the re
hearsal off she would say, 'Oh, Mr. Be- '
lasco. let me go over it just once more.*
"Stage-struck girls don't think of the
work; they only think of- the triumph!
But it's a land of long hours and short
pay, headaches and heartaches— a land
of many temptations, with now and then
a triumph; but not one girl In a hundred
that goes on the stage meet3 with suc
cess, and many drop out at the very first "
sign of work.
"But If you are determined .to go on I
think we have a mob scene in a play four
weeks hence— or is it nve,>Bill?" question
ing a young man in the office who was
counting over the tickets.
"Five or six, Fred."
"Well. If you leave your. name and ad
dress we might get you on as a super."
••Asuper?" I repeated.
"Yes, a supernumerary— one of the mob.
you know." (
"Oh, yes; I did go on once In a mob
scene, and my friends all said I was -
ST—"
"Let's go get a drink. Bill." said Be
lasco.
I have my doubts, but let us hope they
drank to thehealth of those aspiring to'
stageland— a land where many, are called
and few are cho»?n; a land where it's
hard to get in and hard to keep in," and
the * favorites are forgotten - more easily
than they are remembered. . .
ISABEL, FRASER.
LAST week T assumed tlie role of a
stage-struck girl arid applied at the
different theaters for a position. I
tried to persuade each and . every
manager that I was just what the
Ions suffering public was waiting for—
the missing star in the theatrical heav
ens.
IV f a long cry from the footlights to
¦fame, and a dreary road beset with dis
tourigements that even leads up to the
footlights-: but with the persistency of the
EUige-struck I insisted to the mana
gers that cculd I but get my foot on the
first rung of the ladder success would be
att-ured.
I had i ead many warnings to such as I.
and I wanted to see if in reality it was
as hard as purported for a girl to get a
start on the stage.
I learned that managers dealt in cold,
brutal truth, which they hand to you on
the slightest provocation. They delight
in disillusioning those lured by the fatal
fascination of the footlights.
I first went to the Alcazar and told my
troubles to the young man at the box win
dow.
"I want to go on the stage; whom shall
I Eee?" ";- \
Fred Belasco materialized from the
eh&dowy depths of the box office.
"You want to go on the stage, do you?"
he said, with a look of pitying inquiry.
"Yes, I should like to go on very much.
Tve always felt that I had talent that
way and my friends all say "
"Go and talk to Bryant," he said, with
an I-have-troublea-of-my-own wave of
the hand. *, "»
"Who ie Bryant?" I asked the little boy
•who sells candy at the door, for I saw
that further information from the box of
fice was not courted.
"Mr. Bryant? He's the stage manager. V
"Want to see him? Go right down there."
He pointed to a stairway which led down
under the theater and I picked my way
along a narrow passage that was walled
on each side by stage properties- -here
was a king's gilded throne and there an
emblazoned chandelier, a bathtub on end"^
«md a conservatory of paper palms.
"Mr. Bryant, stage manager," read a
littlt black sign.
"Come in," called a cheery voice in an-
Bwer to my knock. The voice seemed
something tangible and encouraging in
that sepulchral place.
Hf smiled indulgently when I told him
what I wanted.
"Do you suppose there is any chance for
my going on?" I asked.
"Well. Kuppose you did go on. do you
know how much you would get at first?"
"Not more than $5 per week and furnish
>our <>wn wardrobe. You might haver a
vpfk's engagement. You might, if you
had luck, liave a run of- a month and then
nave nothing for months. Now. if you
hav? money you can wait your chance,
but vithout money don't do it. Put the
srrn* amount of energy into some other
liu<- cf worh and it will repay you fourfold
ni'-re than the stage.
"It takes a girl with the constitution of
a l:nrs-»> to stand the work— long hours, re
hearKiils. the rcFponsibii'ity of costuming.
Lrfvrning your lines alone, is no email
task in a uUjfk company, where we pro-'
ducr a play « week.
"Well, take enc? day — take ye*terday, for
instance— rehrnrfjft for next week's p*-y
was t-a!le<J at 10. We rehearsed from 10
till r on that. Monday night's perform
ance showed this week's play needed to
be ehpngeril in rpots. I called a rehearsal
on the Jhir<1 art and we went over one
little piece of business fifteen time*. If.
w;<s 5 o'clock whvn we left the theater.
After that, perbays you would have to go
to the dressmaker's, take u hasty bite
and hurry back to make up for the even
ing performance.
"After the theater, when you are all
tired out. tho manager may hand yo.u an
other pan an<I you go home, not to rest
but to study for two or three hour*."
"Do you discourage all girls from going
on the stace?" VkskeC.
** A. 1
Always/- promptly answered the man
ager. "That is. if -you call it discouraging
a girl to show her just what she will have
to get used to. About one out of every
five takes the advice.
"A girl the other day from a comfort
able home came to see me about going on
the stage. She hadn't any idea what it
meant. She had always had what she
wanted at home and had been used to
considerate treatment from others.
"On the stage— well, tt might be differ
ent." Mr. Bryant evidently did not walit
to commit himself on the point of stage
eticiuette. "Besides sh« was a girl of deli
cate constitution. She couldn't stand the
strain of the work. Take, for instance,
a week of day's such as yesterday. Some
days are not so hard, but they are pretty
much the same— all crowded with work. A
week of it would kill that girl."
"But," 1 protested, "suppose a girl is
ambitious and does get a start and shows
herself in earnest and works hard— what
then?"
"Well," said Mr. Bryant, half closing his
eyes as though tracing mentally the his
tory of such a one. "She gets a smaU
part, perhaps that of a servant girl or
maid— an unobtrusive part and an unob
_trusive part if acted well passes unno
ticed. A valet, butler or maid who does
his part well is merely part of the picture
—a necessary part, but merely a detail.
"Take the girl whose one ambition !s to
some day be a great actress. She is deter
mined to succeed at any hazard. All her
life she has looked forward to the dtage
as a career. Her intense desire to succeed
makes her in dead earnest about work.
Success spells hard work and patience. It
takes her years, perhaps, to come in/bow
and say: \
" 'My lord, the carriage waits.'
"At last she gets a part. Perhaps be
cause she has become a fixture around the
theater and the stage manager decides to
try her.
"Sometimes success spells accident.
Some one is sick— the girl who has been
j waiting- for a chance is given part.
She takes her cue. The moment of her life
has come. Her voice falters at first. Then
the applause she has, been listening for
for years greets her. Her dreams are
made flesh. Her voice grows stronger.
She /'and the audience are in sympathy.
She is dimly conscious of that black mass
' on the other side of the footlights— the
great listening eager public, but they are
with her. She has that consciousness that
is deeper and better , than success— the
knowledge that she has deserved it. She
has served a long and bitter apprentice
ship and at last she has arrived.
"But where you find one girl of
this stamp you find twenty who are im
patient and who grudge every moment of
apprenticeship. .Some take it as a per-
"We're not trying any new talent," said
Mr. Morrisey, "unless they are cracka
jacks." And he gave me a look which
said plainly that he did not consider me
"a crackajack."
"What can you do— have you had any
experience ?" he ask ad.
"No— no," I hastened to reassure him,
fearful that he might ask me to get up
and do a turn. A mite of a girl was
singing and trilling: to the great empty '
house.
"Has she ever been on the stage?" I
asked.
"No, but there was a pull brought to
bear in her case. An old friend of mine
came to me and said: 'John, I have a
friend who wants to go on. I wish you'd
look her over and see what you" think of
her.'"
"What are you going to tell he»?**
"I am going to ask her if she has a
home here, and - if she has I'll tell he
to go home and be a comfort to the old
folks. That girl isn't fit for th© stage.
Imagine her knocking around the country
doing one-night stands! She'd probafly
tit down and cry if her trunk didn't ar
rive on time. She'd better go back to the
old folks. I'll not let her run away with
the Idea that she has any talent." *
So I left it to John Morrisey to shatter
the little girl's air castles while I slipped
out of the door and headed for the Tiv
oli. *
My little speech— "I want to go on the
stage"— had by this time become auto
matic, and a disapproving look in answer
I expected as part of tho programme.
Imagine my surprise then when Man
ager Leahy took it all as a joke!
"You want to go on the stage, do you?
Poor gtrlt What do you sing— soprano or
contralto?"- .
Sing! I had never sun? a note In my
life, but now I remembered that they did
sing In the Tlvoli chorus, but I had al
ways thought "limbs" were the long suit.
Neck and arms I knew counted nothing:,
for my mental stage pictures Included
many a bony neck and scrawny arm.
"Say, you, come around to-morrow at
10 and sing for Director Steindorff, and
then as you go out you'll hear him tell
me how rotten it was!"
far he can Jump,' and you can't tell by the
looks of a girl just what she can do/ Those
who appear at first glance to be most
promising often become frightened at the
'¦ work and drop out of the ranks. The most
Insignificant looking have often surprised
both : the public and themselves.
,"A ; good/ education - is one of the first
essentials.' Brains are necessary to gauge
the emotions and to interpret parts. Me
chanical training Is not all nor does it
follow .; that be'cause one can take well
parts | taught him he ..will [ have brains
enough to, create character; for that's
tv hat Interpretation of a part means. A
great actor sets his individual stamp on
the character he interprets and makes
the personality of the character stand out.
! 'To be a well-rounded actress requires
a capacity ior infinite painstaking. That'*!
what it all amounts to. That's what j a
manager is continually hammering at in
one way or another. Acting is a profes
sion. It should have the same prepara
tion and constant » keeping up with the
times that is given to any other profes
sion. One intelligent in the art of acting
should be conversant with the history of
the . stage. It is an interesting history—
the evolution of. the stage; and one whose
life's work is on the stage should cer
tainly be interested to the extent of
knowing it.
"If you leave your name and address,"
said' Mr. Bryant, opening a large book
and turning over pages and pages of
names and addresses, "I'll send for you
•when your turn comes." And I placed my
name and address at the end of the list
of the "also rans," thanked Mr. Bryant
for his advice, which I told him was no
doubt good, and retraced. my steps under
the palms past the tub and throna and
up into the light of day.
The ordinary" stage-struck girl would
think twice, I pondered, after that excel
lent talk. Nevertheless I crossed the
street to the, Orpheum.
"I want to go on. the stage," I confided
to the man in the box window, this time
rather timidly, for I half expected a
scolding for presuming on such an am
bition.
"Come around Tuesday morning— that's
when they try out the new ones."
vTidLi^;SU-b<JDAY/ OAiLju
13
EXPERIENCES OF A "STAGE -STRUCK" GIRLgACCARAT is a game little known
in the United States, but in Europe
it is the chief diversion of those
who -tempt Dame Fortune's fickle
smile. Wherever on the Continent
gambling is indulged in baccarat will be
found to be the most popular game. Fab
ulous sums are won and lost at the tables,
and many a. tragedy is enacted in the
gambling rooms when men have staked
and lost their all and disgrace confront
ing them. Princes j and plebeians, kings
and peasants, have at times risked their
possessions at the tables. few have
won and have had the good Judgment -to
forsake the gambling habit forever: the
vast majority of the players have lost and
ruined palaces and castles, and indigent
noblemen and bankrupt financiers tell the
lesson.
It Is only a few weeks ago that the
foreign newspapers contained accounts of
the immense losses sustained by Count
Joseph Potocki, a Russian nobleman, at a
baccarat game in Vienna. In four hours*
play he is said to have lost 5800,000, a sum
that makes all previous individual losses
appear insignificant. The Imperial Chan
cellor'Goluchowski, who stood .by Po
tocki's side and saw the money lost, has
been severely reprimanded by the Em
peror.
- : Opposed to Count Potocki in the colossal
game were . the Hungarian Deputy, Herr
von Szemere, and Prince Francis Bragan
za. Von Szemere won* $500,000 from Po
tocki and Prince, Braganza $250,000. The
remaining $50,000 can probably be account
ed for by the outstanding players and the
percentage of the table..
Taking cognizance of these facts the au
thorities have instituted proceedings
against Potocki and the principal win
ners. They have been notified that they
are not to leave Vtenna without especial
permission.
Europe has been ringing with scandal
ever since Potocki's losses came to public
knowledge. Nothing like it has ever been
.known, even In Austria, where gambling
for high stakes is common. Count Potocki
is very wealthy, but is in the condition
that is sometimes termed * "land poor."
His estate consists of land which at
this particular time Is difficult to sell.
In consequence of this the young Russian
Count has contracted enormous debts
which he has engaged to pay off in in
stallments. On two occasions within the
last fortnight Potocki lost heavily. .
He apparently came Into the Jockey
Club on the evening In question with the
deliberate Intention of retrieving • ills
losses with a grand coup. Von Szemere
not being a wealthy man, the stakes at
first were moderate. Both the Hungarian
Deputy and Prince Braganza won steadily
from the outset. Then the unfortunate
and reckless Count forced the high play
and- plunged desperately. His opponents,
having won so heavily, could not refuse
his demands to increase the stakes.
They rolled up by thousands and tens of
thousands. Potocki was apparently mad.
I turn to listen and look. A son of Erin,
short in stature and ruddy in nose, pre
senting a check, pants—
. "Oi want me bundle."
I "There is two-bits storage."
"Two-Dits is it? An' whaur do ye think
Oi'll be afther gettin' two-bits? Such
nautorlous thaves as ye railroaders be
thinks a respictlble man loike meself is
made o* money. It's.more'n the bundle
is wort." But he paid it all the same,
making room for a gentleman who point
ed out threo large trunks.
"There will.be twenty-five dollars ex
cess."
Game That Wfi-is ar\d Lo^S Thousands
Crowds of noblemen gathered about the
table looking at the tremendous play in
astonishment. They were horrified at
Potocki's losses.*
During: the game an elderly member of
the. Jockey Club entered the card room,
and hearing what was going on took th»
framed notice prohibiting gambling from
the wall and placed it on the table be
fore the Russian plunger. I
Potocki, now intensely, excited, sprans •
to his feet, seized the framed notice and '
threw it into the fire. -He then called for
several bottles of imperial Tokay at $100
a bottle and began, to drink deeply.
When Potocki had lost $300,000 and the
excitement was at its height Count Henry
Hoyos endeavored to induce Potocki to
leave the table. The Count was rebuffed
and immediately left the room.
The game was conducted in a regular «
fashion and has not been' questioned.
Since the game the Jockey Club has been
closed.
Although Count Potocki now holds the
record as the heaviest player at baccarat .
in all Europe, there have been others
who have risked large sums at the game.
In his early days King Edward of Eng- .
land lost heavily and much scandal was
caused ; by some of his gambling esca
pades.
It is a well known fact that more money
is made cheating: at baccarat, than can
be won honestly. In this . there is, of
course, .•no: imputation that -the; Count
Potocki did not lose his money fairly. In,
the late '80s Lambri Pasha, made 1.000,000
francs cheating at baccarat. George Rus
sell, cousin of the Duke of Bedford and
son-in-law of the Duke of Roxburghe, at
tained an unpleasant notoriety on ac
count of his gambling exploits.
Walter Harbord, a brother of Lord
Dufferin, was accused of cheating- at bac
carat at Nice. The Marquis of Huntly.
captain of the Queen's bodyguard of gen
tlemen, ran away to Albania to avoid the
police In connection with a gambling ex
perience. Lord de Ros, the first Baron
of England, was also involved In a great
gambling disgrace. !?."¦:
In fair and square gambling, however,
the scandal seems to He . only with the.
losers.' In this fact the Czar appears to
recognize Count Potocki's disgrace. Ho N
has shown his disapproval by recalling
him to Russia.
The Earl of Aylesford. an intimate
friend of the Prince of Wales, was ruined
by his gambling propensities. He would
not leave a gamins table while he had a
shilling in his pocket so long as the game
was going-. On one occasion he sat for
thirty-six hours at a stretch, playing bao
carat. This fact was duplicated by the
Duke of York, the granduncle of King
Edward.
The Duchess of Devonshire is an In
veterate gambler and one of the most
reckless plungers at Monte Carlo. Night
after night during the season she may
be seen at the tables watching th« taru
of the cards with feverish eyes.
"That's my trunk— no, it Isn't either,
but mine is just like it," began a smooth
faced youth. I laughed, it was too funny;
"Well, since they , have begun all over
again I think I'll take that boat."
MARTIN CURTIS.
That seemed a gooa time to protest, but
the traveler paid the trifle cheerfully, and
to confirm the fact that he bore no ill-will
proffered his cigar case, and remarked he
thought it would, be more; that his wife
had a mania for collecting bric-a-brac
which could probably be bought at home
for a third of what it would cost to get it
there, but it gave her pleasure and
amused him.
jiis face, was pale, his eyes fevered and
gleaming, his. hands: clinched, his hair
disordered. Prince ; Braganza and , Von
Szemere were cool and collected.
1 King Leopold, .while not a plunger of
the wild Potocki type, wins or loses prob
ably 500,000 francs a year at Baden Baden
or Monte Car'« .¦•••-
"Yes, ' and -year 'after year. Sometimes
it touches tragedy^ as it will to-day when
the overland goes for ; the mother of that
poor, fellow over; there who has just come
home from the ' Philippines will be here
shortly." I had noticed the ominous look
ing box !, with a breath of silence about it
that "' was strangely but of ; keeping with
all this hustle and bustle of life. "It came
mmts&a :¦• •:¦¦ ¦ -
"Don't do It. 'Joshua' left her a bigger
bank account than you or I have, which
will be scrambled for; by nieces and
nephews after she has pinched herself .1 to
death. She is the Kind you read about,
which 'enjoys poor health' and is only
comfortable when uncomfortable, and
she's as happy this .minute as she ever
was in her life."' ',
, A lull in . this ! "confusion worse con
founded" ¦ marked , an outgoing "boat —
"And you have this comedy right along,
day after day?" >' '
got left of him, and it don't seem noways
so lonely as it would without 'em."' Again
she sighed. V That . was sentiment, pure
and simple, if it, was a' bit grewsome. As
'she was the picture of lonely misery One's
fancy jj staggered before ; the* thought of
what she might be without the consola
tion of her ghastly 'relics.' I wished • to
pay the price of the lost' check, but my
companion ;¦ remonstrated.
in on the ' transport day before yesteremjr
— one of the soldiers tpld me about ' it.
Tom," his name was, an only son, just 20
and pretty wild. He enlisted at the be
e-inning of the war with the —^regiment
and was sent to the islands. The disci
pline, a bad wound and homesickness
made 1 him realize the worth of . what he
had left In America, and very, repen 1 tent
letters went home to, tell of what he in
tended to be in the future. A few weeks
ago his father, died and his mother came
on jj from the' East to ¦ meet her. son and
break the news to him. Hard lines, isn't
it?" i thought so, indeed, when a few
moments later the lady came, accom
panied by one „ of the soldier boys. She
was a tall, handsome featured woman, but
she looked more like a statue than a liv
ing being, for her face was colorless and
immobile— except once 1] when she caught
sight; of the; frightful box and a' spasm of
agony swept over,: it. ' ¦
. ;,"Do we : have that kind of thing often? .
Oh, yes. since the .war began, .very often.
It seems brutal ~ to ,cart the poor, things
; about the world 'that way, but there must •
be' some comfort in .-it '.to the family or it
; wouldn't^ be done,- and. there's no denying
1 "Uncie Sam does his ;duty as far as he.
.sees it." '. .. ¦ '.¦-',. ;•'/'.. '.-'' " >.' ¦-
- Buta stream of new-comers sets in and
"Well," said the clerk, encouragingly,
as the cover came up.' "There's a bunriet
on' top, and'then'a dress,: "and," r hesitat
ing a moment, "in the right-hand corner
is a , sock with three fingers— V the man
started , back. "Oh, you needn't be scared ;
they were Joshua's when he was alive, ;
; poor ' man. He " lost • 'em ' In . a hay." cutter,'
now he is dead Jand they, are all I've
A sigh as from Avernus came 'up from
the depths. "There" it is, and I guess
there ain't nobody else that's going to
have just what I've got in it." . .^ A ; : ( 1
"You will have to identify— tell what's
in It and pay four-bits for the check."
She was a forlorn-looking woman, lit
tle and thin and old, dressed in shabby
black. '
"I have come to get my trunk, but I
have lost my ' check. I am very s*rry,
but—", • - : - ¦
» ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' ' . . ' ¦
the Canary Islands. His trunk being over
weight he relieved it of half a sack of
flour and a dollar's worth of sugar, pro
testing all the time that ' he was quite
willing to pay the excess, which would
have been a good deal more than the price
of the stuff he left. "But people never
seem to take that into consideration. We
have had every impossible thing left but
a horse-block, and we shall have that in
time, I have no doubt." '¦'¦:<¦
"It doesn't look a bit like it, but I sup
pose it must be since It has my name on
it. How funny that I shouldn't know my
own trunk; there are. so many it looks
strange among them, I suppose," and she
went off smiling, at a mistake which is
said to be a very common one. . She had
hardly Rone when a zaan came, bound for;
"Isn't this yours? It says Janet James,
and these are the 'only trunks that have
come this morning."
"No, just my initials, J. J., and it is
like that one. Where can It be? Oh, dear,
I shall miss my boat." -',»''=
"Please check my trunk. I want to take
this boat," said a pretty young lady.
It is right there-^why, it has some
one's else name on it! I'm sure that is
mine or it Is one Just exactly like it."
"When did it come down?"
"This morning."
"And it isn't among these? Did it have
your name on it?"
"Then Oi'd have the perlice on yez— Oi
would." But she lightened up just the
same and contributed half a dozen or
more sad-irons and some other hardware
to the "keepsakes" corner.
"I shouldn't check you."
"Dade an' Oi'll never be comln' back to
Californy. It's fleeced Ol've ben iver
since Oi set f ut in it an' most us all by
the blathersome railroad. What would
happen noo if Oi didn't 'loighten up, 1 as
you call it?" '¦;',:¦'
'.'An' lavin' 'em to the loikes uv yez?"
"You can leave them here until you
come back."
"You don't? Well, what am 1 to dc
with it? How am I to get it to S ?"
"Send it by Wells-Fargo."
"Oh, you are working for Wells-Fargo,
are you?- I'll pitch 'my basket into the
bay, and may you all go to everlasting
perdition!" With - which amiable bene
diction he turned, only to run into a
plump Irishwoman, whose trunk was
overweight.
"We only 'check 250 pounds. You will
have to lighten up." '
"Eut Oi'll pay for 'em."
"No, you must lighten up."
"Sure and do you mane now Ol must
be afther takin' out some uv me things?"
"Do you know him?"
"Not at all, but he will let himself out."
He looked a gentleman, well dressed and
elderly.
"I want to check this lunch basket."
"We don't check lunch baskets."
"I tell you—"
"Just look in your boot," and he looked
and found.
"Many? Oh, legions. The old women
are the worst, though, for they have se
cret pockets and out-Heller Heller in the
skill with which they cqnvey tickets and
checks thither without our detecting
them. I have never understood how it is
possible for them to so completely forget
it, but they will stand until in imminent
danger of missing the boat,, declaring
they haven't them, and then as mysteri
ously fish them out of somewhere, hold
them up triumphantly and say, every one
the same thing, 'Well I " declare if I
didn't have them all the time.' Then they
go off as happy as if they had discovered
a £rold mine.
"Now, that man is too sleek on the
outside to be so all the way through.
Nature doesn't make them so."
"Well, ain't you going to give me my
check?"
"I did give it to you."
"No, you didn't." ,*: ,.
"Oh, yes, I did. Look in your po"ckets."
"I have looked in them. I tell you you
didn't give it to me."
"Look in your boot."
CUWoUs
scenes of
• piny
occurrence
with Those
who
-Check
"Oh, yes, he Id a type. He went a long
way out of his way to go wrong and
probably asked every man '¦ he met and
Relieved none of them. There's his first
c«=«j4n at the window now."
"Am* I aboord the boot?" he shouted
with what wind remained to him. His
consternation when he discovered his
mistake was much too great to make any
concessions rt» English. He broke into
his vernacular with a vigor that left lit
tle to the Imagination as he was with
difficulty extricated from the boxes and
bundles and led away to the "boot."
Under cover of the laugh the man
glared himself away to deposit his little
four bits ct the office, barely escaping a
fat. short Dutchman who came at full
tilt around the corner and bounded like
a rubber ball straight through the win
dow, landing amidst a lot of luggage.
"Possibly because you aren't dead."
"Fifty cents storage? It's a d — d swin
dle! Fifty cents storage? Why don't you
fellows knock a man down and rob him?
Fifty cents storage? it's more than the
d— d thing's worth."
"Why don't you l<_uv._* it. then?"
"Why don't I leave it? Why don't I
leave it? Why don't I go to h ?"
"There is 50 cents due for storage."
"Is that cemmon? Yes — in more ways
than one. It would make, your hair turn
white to hear the abuse hurled at our in
nocent heads. Take a good look at that
chap. If nature didn't make him can
tankerous he has a bad liver, which
amounts to the same thing."
•'I want my trunk." throwing down a
check.
That's how I came to spend a morning
in the baggage-room. Trunks, valises,
baskets and bundles! Bundles, baskets,
valises and trunks! The din of trucks
coming and going, the continuous thump,
thump, of luggage loading and unloading,
the clink of checks taken from or re
turned to the great reels, the chink of
money for excess, the hubbub of voices,
travelers and clerks, all talking at once,
the sing-song of numbers thrown like a
shuttlecock from "floor" to office and
back again presented so much to unaccus
tomed eyes and ears that it was some
time before I could really apply myself
to the thing for which I came.
"Well, what do you make of it? Isn't it
as I said? There, for instance, take that
lady, there on the right. She's the genu
ine article, and you would be surprised to
find how few there are like her. She will
not abuse us when asked to pay excess
like that handsomely dressed woman be
hind her. Listen to what she says and
see if I am not right."
"Only two dollars? I thought it would
be more — the trunk is so large, but one
hates to travel with a half empty one,"
and. smiling, she moved away.
"Didn't I tell you? Now, see the differ
ence between her and that one."
"A dollar and a half for extra baggage!
It's a perfect outrage. I have traveled all
the way from New York with my trunk
not a bit heavier than it is now and never
was asked for a cent. Why don't you
charge fcr every pound of weight? You
might Just as well and you would make
more. It is .simply scandalous and I shall
report it to the company."
"Ycu may train and train and put on
as much veneer as you like, what's bred
In the bone- comes out in the flesh, and its
imprint is for any one to see who looks.
You can't eliminate viciousness from a
vicious brute so that, given the opportu
nity, he won't show his teeth some time
or other. People, when they have become
the 'traveling public* have the opportu
nity for showing themselves up for exact
ly what they are, and the most of them
are rot a bit backward about embracing
it, as the various employes of railroad,
steamship and other transportation com
panies could tell you, and nowhere, I sup
pose, are you 'up against the real thing'
so often as in the baggage-room. "Why?*
Well, I don't know, I'm sure, but you
needn't take my word for it; come and see
for yourself."
"It's that way, too. with the half-dozen
or so novel and drama plots: they get so
very much mixed up and encroach so on
each ether that or.e is frequently at a loss
to know exactly how to tas them. Now,
it is quite different with people, in fact,
it is pimply astonishing to know how few
and how persistent the types are. An
other equally astonishing thing is that so
few people realize that this Is so.
i » » T may be, as classical authority
I asserts, that there are but seven
1 distinct jokes in the world, but
•*¦ the changes have been rung upon
them #o many centuries by the
funny man that their original perpetrator
would be at a loss to separate and cata
logue them.
THE SUKEAT CALL.
14
TYPES OF FOLK SEEN FROM THE BAGGAGE-ROOM WINDOWshirt i waist, . which was i to reveal Itself
through the ;open blouse. , . . •" .
I* Another Iblack suit was in coat shape,
; with. a : vest; of light blue. 'This buttoned
down In front with ;little'.white pearl but-*
j tons, ; and was Very ' pretty. /. The / blue vest
;,w'asi pointed; at the-belt, :and the importer
'assured the .customer who was looking at
It .with a view to | purchasing that the vest
"could: be 'entirely ; removed In : the . summer
time and^the' little. coat left open in front,
with its" wlde-flarlng 'lapels/revealing a
shirt "waist ; of any ¦ kind.- that- might bo
• .The; Summer; Shirt; Waist:
'¦¦ ¦¦ It'V'ls > not r" the j" time to • speak; of,' shirt
waists, iwhen .one "is .on: the fascinating
topic of full length," much tailored gowns
for the. street,' 1 " yet how can one. think' of
, summer without them?- '-'¦ ' ." ,;
"' To J say that' they I are varied j means kit
tle;. to declare that they, are made'of "every],
; material ¦ means ; a great .deal. ; That \ they
; are ' fashioned - of e,very ; fabric that", comes
- from ; the loom' Is. no exaggeration,- and tq
assert- that ;they' • axe- trimmed . In ¦ a great
many, ways ; but faintly voices ,the^ numer
ous.Btyles inlwhlch; they, are found. X £ -
' i HandBome v. shirt t waists v are -niade'' by.
< strapping one's ordinary waist across the
,• front with "•Princess 1 : ; of t Wales ;'bands.
, These </ are '.'.*; black *' velvet ; . bands ;. put ; on
'diagonally,': with ; a rosette '.'ho bigger than
¦ a" cherry' at! each 'end - r of the' band. ' ' Three
bands, diagonally across the front, of
graduating length, the widest, one at the
top.Ywill . trim up an ordinary or a." plain
shirt' waist. \, --, . -
They are taking shirt waists that have
shirt sleeves and wearing muslin sleeves
under them, with the muslin draped heav
ily around the hand. To do this is not
difficult. The foundation of It all is the
puffed undersleeve. which is gathered into
a' little band at the wrist. But Instead of
puffing the undersleeve, one can take it
and lay It in sideplalts In the cuff, and
this gives the .draped effect, as a" shirred
or gathered i puff .will - not do. Sometimes
the back of ; the sleeve is laid- in plaits,
three inches'^ wide, j so that the puff ap
pears aa : though' it were laid In big folds.
\ It" Is odd to note the itghtness of the up
per part of the .sleeves ; . and ? the great
baggy draped lower, part. But that is the
style and the ; summer ¦¦ girl must "bow to
it, and : not only that, , but "she must " em
brace'.and imitate. It and" follow. it : out
as though, she loved it. • '
' ' Broad ¦ Shoulder Effects.
.There, are^a few slender 'souls to whom
the tight shoulders and the little tight up
per - sleeves c are . not becoming, and" for
these - there are the Glbsonlan . shoulders,
which' are . made ' by * plaiting the front of
the I waists _ and : turning the plaits .back
toward the ; shoulders.' ; This is ' not hard
to do at all and there is a curiously broad
be tied In a fat and very elaborate bow
under the "chin. j
Sashes and sunbonnets go together, and ;
the. summer girl, will sport a muslin sash
with a muslin sunbonnet.
There Is a Maxine Elliott sunbonnet',
that flares at the face.' The front. is '
turned back so that It Is reversed and
displays a reverse lining, which Is elab
orately embroidered in ' colored wash
silks. One of these bonnets is in Peking
silk with front turned back broadly, and >
is stitched with white wash silk, which ;
outlines great pink roses, all worked by
hand.
• The big silk . coaching cape is coming
in, but it is one. of the Viennese " novel- •
ties.. It ia a large, long cape, cut so
tha it does not meet in front. The whole
costume is displayed through the float
ing open front, and the neck is caught^
with ribbons made up in immense cheux.
The floating end, as part. of the sum-'
njer fashions, is something that must*
also have its chapter.' Ends must tioat
wherever possible, and never mind wheth,
ei-'they are of taffeta, or ribbon, or chif
fon, ' or 'of velvet— just • so you have ends '
floating from your neck and belt and
from your hat— yes, and from the sides
of your coat. One of the most t aahicna-
We .women in New. York has rosettes upon
the lapels of' her coat, and from these i
rosettes there hang ends at least a yard"
long, four ends from , each rosette, all
flying in the breeze^
The dust coats are going. to Jielp out a
little when these light cloth dresses, ars
under consideration. , They are made in
black taffeta, and most of them have "stiff
suede' cuffs that turn back,', and'.set'out
in the style which all', the' Louis kings
liked. These. smart flaring cuffs are ap
pllqued j with-; white face \ lozenges as big
as a, silver dollar, and are, very striking..
- Most of th& black ,silk dust coats have
sailor collars, 1 very wide and - trimmed
with' white lace lozenges, j They are fas
tened in front with',a wide black silk sash
that floats nearly to:the .floor. ' "¦"
"The made gash should have a chapter of
Its own. It Js of .black silk, cut oh- the
bias," with, hemmed edges. Y At the bust.*
where the sash is fastened, in the case of
the long coat: it is made into a big rosette
with a - hook {.underneath that does the
work: of ' fastening. -There -is a black 'silk
strap-; which,' buttons' over, the bust, and
another, strap below.it.' '
/ The : black silk dust coat files open, and
though it has a' partly^fltted back, , like an
English racing coat," it is a loose garment
and one j that is gracefully : .>- elegant.^ -It
does | protect !the" light cloth gown a little,
and for' dfiying.' and j traveling' isi Just ' the
thing. It Is pretty for evening," wear : and
is easily. slipped off at the theater. It is,
graceful for walking, but will- not do fort
the j pedestrian girl, as 'it, is so long that .
it requires constant -holding up. It should-;
touch the ground all the way around. In
lifting this coatfrift.the skirt of the dress I
with it. All should be carried together;in
one' big handful. ' ¦; v v:V :
The Lovely Black Gowns.- -v^
The woman ; who"; likes to make' herself .
look slender I by A wearing all : black .canY
have her taste. beautifully catered. to. with
black gowns' that are more than- all the I
mode. They "come .with" ! a little.;; color ¦! in 1
them,, that.; takes , away .their somberness
and makes them look springlike. rY -'. /
A'very, good black c:oth had a skirt with,
a flounce very; deep in'the back, -'and 'was '
headed 'all the" way ¦ around, with a 1 little."'
black H braided-- velvet * trimming, "• very , ; i
heavy. and as wide ; as; your thumb. -.There '.
was a little: aluminum, in the' black r -vel
vet.' -,YY":"Y-'-; -'Y.'.: ;¦¦ ¦''.':.-:.* Y \ :< : .-.¦'-
" The waist was a. blouse, full in the front;
! ; and/;.cbmlng'>dpwri'ywlth < -a"blgi;pua. 1 ,that^
would; have '.been trying". to" any,* but'* a'
slender ¦'• flgure.V . The," shoulders ;A."of -this I
gown .were ', Glbsonlan, 1 ;fltted / with ; four : r
sailor-like 7 collars. 1 - one beyond '
the' other," -to /'make' a* very' broad-should- •
ered; effect. ; j Each "was ' edged > with -this ;
b]ack| velvet \ trimming. C' r y .
• To lighten - this s gown ; into \ springiness ;:
there iwas an opportunity .'for "a very-gay'.
<•-, Mrs. Mackay's' Blue /Gown. * •
Mrs. Clarence." Mackay, always so neat-/
ly gowned, wears a. beautiful dress of pale '
blue . cloth with a -jacket "which turns'
back .with reversed front. . The back '. of ¦¦¦
the collar is. cut separate. The front of
the jacket, as it turns back, shows loz- .
enges of! black. muslin covered .with.dia- ¦
monds of lace. . This makes the gown
light and the lozenges are not as heavy
and awkward as though they were of vel
vet.' ; - .'•!' '. .'• • ¦'". ¦'. Y "¦ ' ' . ' ..:"- ¦" ¦'
¦The flounce of this gown is entirely of .
the bkick 'muslin covered' with lace.;.
¦So many soiree gowns are made, of '
blue muslin, of black muslin,. of coral red -
muslin, and of every other cblor. One of
these, for a summer resort belief is black
with the sides of the skirt tucked from
the belt down. ' .
The tucks are held by rosettes of white
lace, large -flat ones, with lace standing^
out in little wavy edges as though it were
rihbdhj To make.a. lace rosette is not'dif
ficult. The lace is shirred along one'edse,
and the thread is drawn up until the lace-'
is j curtPd around and around,' to make a
pretty ornament. .;.. ,. '-¦¦ .-.¦;'.
-Pink cloth, that" most ' delicate of all;
things, is being made into ; street gowns/
The durability depends entirely upon..
one's 1 ability to keep the dress cleari-4-and
upon luck. Sometimes it . will happen. that
a lovely gown ir.'peach cloth, trimmed, as";
so many; of these dresses are, with black
velvet bands above the flounce, and with
a wide black velvet -belt' holding in the
T^ouis XIV coat, will meet with misfor- ;
tune at ¦ the first .wearing. One) unhappy
breeze from an ash "gart, one spal^ering •
from' the muddy wheels of a passing cab,';
one unfortunate small boy.- with sooty >
elbows, and the gown 1 is gone! Again, and
it can be worn indefinitely; and/: after-,
noon.after afternoon it can grace the ave
nue as one takes one's daily promenade., !
It is In entirely "good taste j year I
to .wear these gowns on ', the j street. .i
A very fastidious- woman whose taste
runs to these light gowns, for sh^e -is slen
der, and graceful, declares that she has
worn- a cloud gray suede cloth every af
ternoon for two weeks, calling and walk
ing,, and that it f^iositively shakes clean ~
and clear after each wearing.
It is trimmed .with turquoise, with a
very little pearl" panne bordering the tur
quoise to make it still more delicate. The
hat is; a great- black one, with a plume
eighteen inche^ long sweeping the b'riina
and the gloves, which this, woman wearsT
are black 'suedes, while her belt . and
stock- are also black. This is a very
French costume. Y ,
The Silk Dust Coats. • ' •
Black muslin comes with" a silky -finish"
that makes it loqk^iike;sirk and'^lt Js f ic^
iHstraujT that " it takes ' th^;-£fece'-o£ni!$a'-i
expensive material. It is' not*^alwaj'sv
ehea~pi either. I but -it wears pretty wjll : .
and" doe£ not: cost as much as the mous-'r
sellnes-and crepes and the delicate' light |
goods which' it replaces, a ;'/¦.'. •'•
Of the sunbonnet girl one hears a great
deal as summer approaches. That sha is
. to be in our midst there is no doubt. It
is a little early for her. but she Is com
>ing—coming. To be able to meet her In
her own regalia it Is best to have a sun
bonnet made and ready. The straight
band bonnets are to be the style. They
have a little ruffle around the face and
the back is baggy for the hair to fit in.
The feature is the elaborately heavy
. stitching which holds the bonnet very
firm. It is in the pastel muslins, and in
the delicate pinks and greens, and the sun
colors,' and the colors of violet and grass
and all sorts of vernal hues.
Such a bonnet must really be part of
your wardrobe for It will be worn for
' the grassy sports, for tennis, croquet and
the pretty English games that are rail
• the rage. . '
. Several belles are making dozens of
these bonnets, all a little small for the
head, so that they set high in a chic
manner. They are trimmed with white
lac© and have large streamers that can
The Sunbonnet Girl.
To make the figure slender they are
fitting wide ribbons to a' stiff band. Tha
band is hooked around the waist and the
ribbons hang down. Just above the knees
they are attached to a flounce, which acts
as a petticoat. Thus one wears a skirt
that is only a skeleton above the knee.
Such a waist is no more than a corset
cover in matter of thickness, and is so
very comfortable when it comes to the
convenience of being able to slip off one's
waist or coat.
look given by this little trick of f oldln*
the plaits.
All the cloth gowns, it is safa to say
every one of them, are made so that a
shirt waist can be worn beneath. Many
of them really demand a shirt waist, for
the neck of the dress shows, and the*
vest.
There come little false vest» to b»
slipped in and necks that are Ilka berthas.
But, after all, it is' better to have a shirt
waist beneath the little cloth coat so that
the latter can be slipped off.
' This is the almost universal custom and
the woman who is getting a cloth suit
better have it fitted over a taffeta shirt
waist which may be ever so plain, yet can
have a pretty lace stock and a little strip
of ribbon for a belt. ; 'Vj
- The part • which ' black muslin is to play
in the summer's - wardrobe : can be only
surmised. ' Every modiste " Is * making a
black | muslin gown | and .there J are ' numer
ous gowns of this material -for sale.
The j brim Is -trimmed with black lace,
falling like a- curtain over the face/- and
at the back there are curtain tabs. Black
lace is pretty, but .so is; white; -and 'one
should consider one's uses for the hat be
fore.choosing. ' If one Is" deft with jj the
needle one can buy a hat trimmed' witlf a
white lace sash, and afterward remove it
for.the black lace curtain. .'/,". >-*V
The other hat is a dressier one", and is a
large boat-shaped hat of satin straw. .The
sides turn up. a very little and the hat is
large. Its crown Is very simply trimmed
with a bunch of roses at one side. One
side of the hat is lifted a trifle' to show a
few pink roses nestling next the hair. , ;
This hat. which is to be all black and
very serviceable. Is made entirely of
horsehair, to give its plain name, and will
bear all kinds of wear without tearing. It
positively is not injured by the weather.
A little waterproof mallne- Is twisted
around the 1 brim and the top is in several
varieties of , horsehair treated so -that
it is very smart. Some of the finest Of the
Fifth-avenue hats are or thl* material.
These hats are delightful ana there aro
few .women who do not own one or two.
WltJi such a gown two hats are recom
mendable. One should be a' black.' wheel
s-hapw] hat. raised at the side. Under the
raiFed portion there can be a black bird's
wing or two wings, both pointing back.
Two Hats for Each Gown.
The waist is a blouse, open all the way
down the front, to show the' underwaist.
There are straps across it at the bust line,
and half way between the bust and belt.
Thc^e are o£ homespun bands, : bound
with black silk. , -
Suppose one owns a gown of that popu
lar material,, homespun, of light weight.'
And suppose it be in that latest furor of
color, brick red. A gown of this kind is
tastefully trimmed with " black taffeta
bands and with black trimmings in the
form of very narrow passementerie,* and
very narrow black lace, no wider than'
baby ribbon. " The skirt Is made in the pre
vailing mode for homespun, ; plain, with
the foot flare.' » -'".': i^'i ' -.-¦¦.
As a matter of fact, those who dress
with good taste and plenty of money are
buying two waists with every nice street
suit, and two hats. Whether one lias two
waists or not. one should have two hats.
The walch fob of ribbon, to match the
gown, with gold trimmings, is very nec
essary and the long neck chain, which is
worn more than ever.
The little wrist bags are so necessary
these days, made of beads, with the re
verse side in silk. The under side should
not be beaded, because of the fact that
beads tear, the skirt aVid wear it out in"
spots. ¦ ' •
Oh. the dress isn't all! One must have
the little fixings, and the big belongings;
and with every nice suit there are enough
small things to equal the cost of the suit.
The matter of a black silk petticoat is
something, even though she be a woman
who buttons a silk flounce on a mus'ifi
yoke: and she must have a tight- roll tan
colored silk umbrella with a gold handle
—to go- with her bisque suit.
But, doing without gloves and boa and
making her old hat go, she must still
consider her. shoes. Colonial ties are in,
and the dull finish leather shoes and the
kids without gloss. Then, too, the low
patent leathers. . with buckles on the in
step, and the shoes with the new high
heels that are easy to walk "in becausa
so square— all are in. And the shell-pat
terned stockings in shades to match the
gown.
The New Small Things.
It is no use to 'advise a woman with
exactly J1C0 to- go out and spend it on a
bisque colored cloth gown. For. how.wiU
she buy, her . stitched-toack gloves, and
where will her tailor-made, boat-shaped
hat come in, and where is she to get the
fluffy boa, all of satin ribbon loops, which
she is to throw around her neck?
Yet it is a fact, an undeniable fact, that
there live a' great many very ' estimable
women who do not feel as though they
could afford to pay 5100 for a single suit.
There are even .women who have to dress
the entire, spring on $100._and. part of th«j
summer. ' ' * ' . . • ' ¦•• . ¦ -
well worth the money also. They can be
worn indefinitely, for they are of such
high grade goods that they do not shrink
nor lose color, and they will keep the!r
style well. . You can wear them spring
and fall for. several seasons,; or until you
can afford to get another $100 suit.
Xow, the woman or much Ingenuity and
small means will tee that bisque cloth
with a nice finish, made up in an Eton
suit, with the Eton low in the neck, cut
rounding front and back, and worn over
a peach-colored taffeta shirt waist, would
look very much like this suit, and every
whit as neat, without probably costing
anything like as much.
The question of how much to pay for, a
tailored suit at this time of year is more
than interesting to the' i woman with lit
tle money to epcnd. The White House
agitation about dressing: on $300 1 a year
called attention to the fact that $50 was
not considered an exorbitant Sum to pay
for a tailor-made dress.
And It Is not. In the light of the cost
of the material and the' amount of work
which is put on the new tailored suits,
$50 is cheap, and the woman with $50 to
spare for a cloth suit should not hesitate
about expending: it in this manner.
The tailored cults that sell for $100 are
With Not Much Money.
Mrs- Jack Astor in Bisque.
Mrs. "Jack" Astor has a new cloth
gown in bisque color. This is. a shade
made familiar under several names. It Js
called mode color. It is also known as
one of the shades of tan. Again it is
imitated in a faint peach tint, but after
all there is a delicacy in the true bisque
that cannot be found in the other colors
that are bo much like it. ,
Bisque suede gloves, by the way, are
worn for evening with black gowns, and
also with white one — a new fad— and very
nice they look. They are quite taking thu
place of white and lemon color and are
rivaling, if not surpassing, pearl. They
are very delicate and suggest, ever so lit
tle, a Sight chamois color. The idea cf
wearing bisque and flesh colored gleves
with a v.hite dress is fust becoming very
popular.
Mrs. Astor's gotvn is in trotting cloth.
That is an English term for material
used in walking dre.-ses. It is & fine soft
cloth, very adaptable to street wear. •
This bisque cloth has a fitted skirt of
many gores, made with a very full sweep
end with the'volante. or flounce. The
bodice is an Eton bodice with a shirt
waist of peach colored silk. Thy clotn
Eton is low in the neck and hooks. ip the
front under peach colored choux. The
Kton is one of the short waisted kind,
curved high in the back, with the eqtire
lower euge trimmed with a curtain of
white lace.
The sleeves are large ones, with the
cloth heavily draped around the wrists,
which are finished with a curtain of lace.
The skirt above the fitted flounce^r
must it be called a volante— is ' trimmed
with white iace put on perfectly plain,
and bordered top and bottom with a.
heavy gold gimp.
.It Is the color that counts and the
style that tells. It does not so much pe
pend upon the goods or the color, as upon
the treatment.
Miss Randolph, the debutante daughter
of William C. Whitney, has a town cos
tume in plnn. cloth trimmed with lozenges
of Havana brown velvet, each one over
laid with Brussels lace. The skirt has a
fitted or graduated flounce, to give it the
English name, instead of the fancy
French one, and there is a littfe bolero
of Brussels lace which fits very tightly—
in fact, is applied to the tight fitting pink
cloth bodice. At the back there are little
lace tails and there is a pink panne belt,
which holds the tails down very tight and
comes around to the front and hooks un
der a steel buckle.
With a street costume it is a good thing
to use the side buckle, so that the beauty
of this piece of jewelry Is not hidden
under the front of the -blouse. Of course
you must have a buckle to match it on
the other side. The back of the belt is
high, small and plain, but the front may
be pulled low and puffed, or elaborated
in any way one pleases.
There are many varieties of gowns from
which one may choose in order to have
the fashionable town costume. There are
numerous colors, ranging from light pink
to dark brown. And there are a great
many samples of cloth and other material,
for one can choose a black muslin and
have it tailored, or one can select a chev
iot and have Jt lightly trimmed.
costume." and you saould have one
if you want to be in the swim — and, of
course, you do.
•^ i\*E you a town costume?
| \ It will not do to call it tailor-
I 1 made suit, nor must you classify it
X. J the simple title of a cloth
%- / suit. You must call it a "town
BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
Mrs. John Jacob Astor wears
a gown of bisque cloth,
trimmed with peach colored
choux, while Miss Bandolph-
Whitney is in pink cloth, with
lozenges* of Havana,' brown
velvet, and Mrs. Mackay
wears a light blue cloth
trimmed with black, with
white lace diamonds— The new
wrinkles in gloves, parasol*,
shirt waists and hosiery.
£ THE;.; STODAY ;CALtJ. j.-
THE TOWN COSTUMES OF JUNIOR 400
15Tlia STTN'DAY CALL.:
16A . TTORJf EY GEXEK AL TIREY I* PORD, legal adviser o« the
/I United Railroads of San Francinco, made , the following.
j£~~\ official statement last nlghtt ;
. .';.. . **I am delighted to hear that the strike, is over. The
boys presented fourteen. \ demands, all of which were ¦
¦ranted, with, the exception of that formally recognizing the
Car Men's Union.
"The executive committee took much pains to carefully'con
•I4e* the question of hours of labor, runs and days off. You must
understand that nearly all the directors are comparatively new
a»d they Had to call lit many persons to secure information in re-
Itard to the technical -workings of the. road.
"The result of this strike is most gratifying. I think that the
men will be more friendly with the officials of the road and, I
also think that the company will also be more kindly disposed;
toward, their employes. '¦ . '
"We only wanted to deal with the carmen and not with out
siders In this trouble and in this -we stood firm. "We now want
to make friend* of all onr patrons and win the good will of
e-rerjr one. I think that we have set a good example to all the
•ther corporations la this city by the j way -we acted to-day."
TIREYL. FORD HIGHLY DELIGHTED.
RESULT PLEASES CORNELIUS.
yviCHARD -CORNELIUS, president of the Streetcar Employes'
f , J Union, made the following official statement last nisrhtt
M\ '' "The streetcar employes have . certainly iron a rcreat
x. victory. ' ' Practically every demand that we made -was
granted by the officials of 'the United Railroads. The men
-will return to work to-morrow morning- -with a new spirit - and
eneooraced to clve better and more faithful service to the com
pany. If the terms of nerecment are lived up to by the company
the men -will no longer have canse to feel that their personal lib
erties are being - Invaded while they are off duty.
- "On this 'occasion I must .take the opportunity to congratu
late the men on the magnificent manner in which they stood up for
their rights' and also -for the. most gentlemanly manner in which
they' conducted themselves during the strike. I would also like
to thank the people' of San Francisco and also the trades unions
for -their, sincere support. 1 •• / .
.'?Only the best of good feeling now exists between the street
car men and their employers. I think that the railroad officials
are better acquainted -with their men now and better understand
them. 'We have every reason. to appreciate the courteous treat
ment which we received at the hands of the company daring
the arrangement of the terms of settlement." .'"-
v-V Daughter . w. - huff, formerly
,%^ ; 'of Baltimore and . for 7 the past ten
A^^, months -general i manager 4 of the
• J. San Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric. Railway, will become general man
ager of the Railroads of . San
Francisco. .The^ resignation of General
Manager ' Vining of * the Market-street
system •will .probably be announced as
soon as street railway affairs are again on
a normal basis,' and the announcement of
the appointment of \ Mr. • Huff to the im
¦ po'rtant "position ; of \ general . manager of
all the lines > over, which Vining has '¦ exer
cised , autocratic sway, and . In " addition
S.W. Huff to Become General Manager of
United Railroads of San Francisco.
mechanical and the operating depart
ments.
A year ago, when the San Francisco
and San Mateo Electric Railway was
taken over by the Baltimore syndicate,
Mr. Huff was sent out to become general
manager. He served in that capacity un
til the recent changes and approaching
consolidation of - the lines purchased by
the syndicate made his duties less oner
ous. Under Instructions from Baltimore,
he left for that city March 19 and is now
there. He has frequently been consulted
by the syndicate regarding the conditions
that obtain here and improvements, par
ticularly in the mechanical department,
that he considers desirable. •
Settlement of the Controversy Affords
Union Carmen Well-Earned Benefits.
tiations to wreck the prospects of the ad
justment of the strike, as certain mem
bers of the committee 'of carmen were op
posed to any settlement . except j upon I the
basis of unequivocal recognition ,of tEe
union. ' . ~- \
. Fortunately, , the ' majority of the : com
mittee • saw the \ wisdom of concluding .
peace by accepting the company's terms
as .a whole as being- a concession which
even : the 'most sanguine . striker, had jj not
looked f or. '• After considerable debate the
committee decided to: report in favor "of
accepting the terms, and when that was
done at a' packed 'meeting at the Alham-'
THE most successful strike in the
Industrial history of the nation
came to a satisfactory close last
nlgbt when the local branch of
the Amalgamated Association of Street
Railway Employes of America accepted
the terms submitted to them by the Unit
ed Railroads Company. "Within two
hours after the agreement was reached
at a most enthusiastic | meeting: \ of the
f striking: employes, . and. • the company . was
notified of the result, 1 fifty, cars were > In
operation along the principal streets. To
day the entire system, after being: tied up
for one week, almost to the hour,'. will ;be
AFTER being iied-up for seven days "Hie United. Railroads system will resume traffic : ihis;mornmg. The {settlement: of/the: strike' on a basis, perfectly, satisfactory to the officials of the company and of
the carmen's union was the cause 'of general rejoicing in all parts of the city last -night: >The company demanded and many ob
noxious rules established under Me Vinirig regime- have been abolished. Many of ¦ the lines of the night, and, the appearance of: the can created a furor. The strike con
ducted as it was, orderly and peace fully, ,is\rc gar ded by tmion^pien as one of the : greatest in; the inditstrialhistw '\
UNION CARMEN ACCEPT TERMS OF UNITED RAILROADS AND THE BIG
STRIKE FINALLY COMES TO AN END AFTER A TIE-UP OF SEVEN DAYS
; ; \Continued' on' Page Eighteen."-^
. W \ ROM the United Rnilronds of San Frnnrlnco to iti«- Conductors, Motormeit
Land GrlpmeDi This company, annweriiiK the demand* presented tit Its of-
M flee on Wednesday,'. April 24,.by^n.commlttee"of its employes, . 'bess .lenve
" to say that the United Railroads has but recently purchased the proper
. ties alTected by the present unfortunate xtrike, and in lint jnit now as-
I inmlna; active control of the properties thus purchnwed. The Hoard of Directors,
have, therefore, been compelled to hastily acquaint themselves .fvrlth th"e* facts
and conditions upon which the following conclnslons are bnscd.' jAfter mature
deliberation, however, the company now submits, its ansiver to' the 1 said;* de
mands, sis follows: .... ,"•• .. ' ; ; r . • ¦ ¦-/¦ ; -.- ; ' : /-' '^X'-:.'* \-'-' '•¦',¦¦ '¦!¦¦'''.'-,
Klrsl— -It will maintain , such regulations ns will enable . full f attention 'to
be (riven to all ¦ complaints, made "directly by 'its , 'employes, will .cause, prompting-''
?estimation to be: made of such oomplnintu, and, whenever it dlBCOTcrsUhe nanie
"*© be ¦wrell founded, will* rectify 'any wrongs: found*: to exist.' /.Iff* |vrlll'{ not,*howi
ever, deal In .matters' Involving: the inanajarement- of Its own affairs i with;, other,
than Its own-employes, or .committees- thereof. '.This company '¦ reeojarnlr.es .' the
rlsrht of every person to belong, or to refuse to belonur, to ti \apot ; \nnlon, . and
it will discharge no employe 'because of hi» connection with nueh a nnlon. ¦¦¦_',' i-\'
Second— The United Railroads -will ; canse^ a' prompt investigation ., to be
made into the matter of «lie discharge of employri since September 1, lOOl,-.by
lts predecessors, and will reinstate ns' many < of said: discharged* men as desire
reinstatement, when they are found, to have been competent: and -honest -and' a-t-
tentive and cnrefnl. in the performance of tb'elr. duties.,' !'¦-*,'•• •": • ¦- • ~. - - -_ -
. Third — The United Kailroadd agrees that the hours of labor shall not exceed
ten. per day, and that all runs "shall : be finished within fourteen . hoiirs. from the
conimencen»ent r of ithe:run.'"."- : ; v ;-'-./,V- :..' r'.-'T ; '- •'.• : . '...'¦¦'. ' :.. - : ¦''•'.. 1 .-fV'; - ¦%*.-¦ ¦••"•-;-:-'-•'-'*...¦ •¦¦'-'.'.
'¦¦- '•. Fonrth— The.wiised^ pald-by^this^ company shall be 23 1-2 cents ~per? hour for
time actually at work, together with.- the same bonus' n'si haN .": hcretofcre * -been
paid by .the Market Street Railway Company f or lonf? continued .'service, or, a
flat I rate | of 25 cents per. hour f or ' time ;' actually at 'work, r as •'¦ a % ina jo r I ty '/of v the
conductors, motormen' and eripmen of the United Railroads may ' decide !by bal
lot. ; : : . .. : ... ; ¦. . • v ,.;*; • y ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ? ./;j. li ;.i;..vij,i;v; v .-.- ¦ .4 ¦' \.
v '¦'¦ . F 1**I»— The -.United" Railroads; will" pay. for' time in excess -of ntentrhours -per
the irate of SO cent* 'per 2 hour. '/ . '-•;'¦..• •.-••- -"¦.¦ '• ' ¦ ¦:' '••*•!:¦/? V'^'-'v! ."i-- \"rV'i!:*-| '¦'¦'?'. •'•
Sixth— The United 'Railroads ", will discontinue -the Market", '"'-Railway
Company's system; of Jnouranceof "employes^, retainlngrj'^.; however,: v.'the.. - re
quirement of a' deposit' of SPSS as heretofore, the "company ipayiniy, '5 ;.per + cent per
annum interest thereon. • •,.. ; , ¦'-'-;'¦ \ ;; :'- .' : .'" : ; ' ; •'""* \ ; ¦ ; ¦]\'\". r ';\V'-'}l '-'^ '-'""" ;' ; '"'
' ' i SeTcnth~ThiB ''^employes ;'of this company shall have their frill liberty Tvhen off
duty, provided, of course, they do not unfit themoelves' for' th'efv'dlschhrKe of the
dutleslof-their respective:positions.\ : ?i^vl- -;\ v, :..-'- ?¦.."'¦ Vsi^t'^;.-'. y?*'/~{ :•>>.;¦,.'. ~.,: : . : -y ¦
-. 'Eis-hth — -The United Railroads- agrees that]- its, employes 1 : mn>- v rlde,<npon Its
cars upon who wins: their badges on" tl«e division' upon, which, they' are employed.
Ninth— -The': United ' Railroads' agrees! that ' its ¦ employes') shall* 5 not^hcV: marked
off their rnns,,oftener than one day fn ten, unless by mutual agreement of em
.ployer and; employ e.' '.'...:¦ - • '¦¦ !
Tcnth-^-Tlic'cinpIoyeii of the I'nlted Railroads, as stated, are free to • Join
any orKnnlzntton,. or refrain from joining: any. 'The United Railroads .. will
not'. discriminate forjor against the: members of any labor organization, nor ihall
Its employes, 'or' any "ot them," make xnch discrimination. . ' " '
.'¦• • ,- Eleventh— -This demand the company ¦cannot -lawfully accede .to.' The
United. Railroads riinst ulwnys run its cars as provided In Its' franchise, unless
'prevented by. circumstances beyond > its control. . '
Twelfth— Thin deninnd mufit be declined for the reason that' the United
Railroads hr.n no interest in, or control over, the Geary Street Railway "Com
patty.. ;•"<" ¦ '• >. ¦•%-.:¦ ; , *-Vs r."- - .:;-,-.-./:." -\ - -, ' ¦ ¦
. Thirteenth The forocolnj; conditions belnK most liberal in their charac
ter and hciiiK plainly und clearly set forth, the company requests Its employes
toi return ttof.TTork./.'.'J-'
¦','¦* In conclusion, the Ilonrd' of Directors of this company, while deploring:- the
.present unfortunate condition, trnsts that having; met Its employes in a cener
\ous . and friendly- siiirlt, the ultimate result may prove n distinct benefit to both,
'.'employer and employe. Respectfully, ¦ ¦¦••:¦
. \ \ /UXITED RAILROADS OP SAX FRANCISCO,
'..':'¦ ¦' , ¦-; •':••'" .- ¦ ;By the Executive Committee of Its Hoard ot Directors.
, .Attest: GEORGE n. ;AVIL,l.CL r TT, Secretary. "
TERMS OF AGREEMENT WITH UNITED RAILROADS ACCEPTED BY UNION CARMEN
The temper of the strikers throughout
the last day of a memorable strike was
such that they were more than eager to
meet the company, half way in the task
of settling the controversy. The men rec
ognized their power, but they did not
choose to exercise It to the prolongation
of the public inconvenience by straining
at gnats. The ultimatum of the company
was a virtual surrender to the union, al
though by a mere Juggling of words for
mal recognition of the union was refused.
This threatened at one stage of the nego-
in operation.
¦ i BENEFITS 'TO '.; CARMEN. ' : ;{ j
i On the other hand .the benefits accruing
to the \ carmen '". by -the terms . of the set
tlement >re : numerous. Their wages are
increased, to- 25' cents "an : hour' and they
to ;bln<r Itself : to "any ' agreement^ tor. a
specified period of i one year as demanded
by the union;':,; This "was* finally" agreed' to
by the .conipanyVv the- understanding -be'
'Ing that' on all the terms excepting tsSti
relating ; to "wages ,*the ; agreement- should'
go j lnto'efir ect.'.on' June \ 1, .when the new
time; schedule' of. the company goes Into' '
effect.; -,':;.;:^'' :V. /;.:.,¦ (- ,.'.'. ¦ .^l]
Mr. Huff has made an enviable record
during the ten months he has been gen
eral manager of the San Mateo system.
He has much personal magnetism and
meets . his subordinates with a frankness
that wins their esteem and loyalty. Ho
has shown exceptional executive ability.
Those who have watched his handling of
the affairs of the San Mateo line predict
for him a kindly administration and bril
liant success as general manager for the
United Railroads.
It is authoritatively stated that Vining'*
resignation is already in the hands of the
directors, though. "4n their, official capa
city, the directors decline to discuss that
subject." . . " ".",
over the San Mateo.,the Sutter-street and
the -' Sutro lines— all the - vast property
owned by the syndicate— -will not be long
delayed. v " : /
¦ ; ' Mr.; Huff's advancement is fully deter
mined upon, but the official announcement
will .not- be; made .until the time" is re
garded ; as opportune. . ¦
The manager-elect enjoys the complete
confidence; of the : Baltimore capitalists
who compose | the syndicate. He ,was for
many,- years with the. United Railroads of
Baltimore and had reached the. rosition
of head of , the mechanical department.
Hfs.exoerierice has been of the widest in
street railway affairs, , including both the
its Judgment . may dictate. It .'. was this
which caused the hitch, the men arguing
that only such I men as have previously
Joined; the; union should be added', to the
working -force. The matter ( was finally
a'djusted^when. the committee understood
that so;long x .as the company, would -not
interfere .'.with, men r belonging, to the
union," 1 ' there could be no discrimination
against . union . employes : for . prevailing
upon,; all j non-union -.men taken into the
service. to Join their, organization. .."
* Another s bone -of . contention' .was the
terni ;. submitted '. by the company refusing
bra at 7:30 p. m. the report was adopted
with cheers and the strike , passed - Into
history. ¦ ' : • ,-' ¦ .;'-•' ;
TERMS Cft 1 AGREEMENT;
Under the terms! of the ' agreement;
which goes into effect immediately; bo far
as the increased 'wages 'of the employes
is concerned, the company.- grants • j all
the demands of the : strikers with the ex
ception- of the clause" demanding union
recognition. In lieu of this the company
agrees to- allow all- employes | to .become
members of : the Carmen's .Union, but it
will be permitted to employ, such . mem as
will' be'givenja:day's work of ten-hours
; within a, time limitation of fourteen hours.
Under ttieYold, system : the ' men would ' be
compelled;; tb«-take ¦ out cars for a trip or
.two iat. 5 ; ahm.', then again at 2 p. m. .and
often' as late as lip., m., They were thus
enabled :io>'6ke out a" bare- existence, 1 and
fpr_; -the men - the joys : of • home
life we^e;-" practically, denied.,' _Under the
new. . agreement ' the men are certain of
regular.' hours i with. regular pay and there
¦^;:. — ; -v- ¦..¦¦¦. v.v .:¦¦: ; ¦ ¦:••.-..
THE MAN WHO "IS TO SUCCEED E. P.- YININaAS GENERAL MANAGER X) SETTLEHENT OF. STRIKE.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI-NO. 148.
SAK FRAKCISCO, v STjyi)^^:! APRIL . 2^g li^2|^QBTYj:;pAGES.
The San Francisco Call.
iiiiii
Pages 17to28I do not know that Mr. Vlnlng has handed in
his resignation. If he has I am not aware
of -H; I am glad that the strike is over and I
feel sure that everything in the future will
move,on emoothly. , . . \ -. ¦ '
Mr. V<nlngr is' an unlucky and unfortunate
man. He has made himself unpopular with a
great majority ot the community I on account
of his- trying to do what be deemed to be his
duty. • . ' '¦ .':•¦:
;The trouble with Mr. Vininjr has been that
he followed the course which he thought H. B.
Huntingdon, " president of the Market-street
Railway, would indorse. Mr. Huntlneton is
"only here about one week a year and he is not
familiar with the. local situation.
I have- been working for over a year in try
ing to set better hours and pay for the em
ployes of the street cars. I brought the mat
ter to the /notice of General Manager Vlnlng
and two of the directors as far back as a year
atr<> last . January, j This strike should . never
have ¦ occurred. . . ' . . =
" flMredtor :Charles- Holbrook ' said^last'
night -in , reference- to'.tlie j closed of ' the
strike: : " -At-.'*? V-'- ; ', : : . ¦ ¦¦ •-.*• cdj'M :,"¦¦:.
HOLBROOK SAYS
THAT VINING IS
UNLUCKY MAN
Shortly after 9 o'clock the electric "cars
on Ellis, Eddy* Sixth, Third and Kearny
streets commenced running. •-;
After a week's walking and. listening to
the rumbling and creaking of -htoken'
down-wagons and dodging. bicycles which,
had long ago been relegated; : tothe" : gar
ret, but' which had been resurrected at
the outbreak of the strike,"' the ¦•. people
were delighted to seethe street'ears'once*
more rolling over the tracks: 'As the'flrst
CARS BEGIN RT/NNINQ.
; .The- news spread rapidly; and it- is jsafe.
to assert that before an hour had^passdd 1
after the strikers' decisioh,to return ] to
work the news \ was known., in^ thrfie*
fourths of the homes of San Francisco.
Thousands of -people thronged • Market
street- until : a fete, hour "dfsiDUsBlrig''- tlje;
settlernent.' , '. On all, sides'' expression's : of
delight .were heard '* and the 'people ' were"
kept busy congratulating each other on
the fact that the cars would once more
be in operation and there would be no
ldnger any necessity of training for long
distance walking. . . ,
At just >flve -minutes to >8 o'clock last
night a bulletin announcing- the- glad, tid
ings that the. strike v.had been settled 'and
that the cars were ; to commence- running
again was posted, on one of .the -windows
of The Call's , business office. -' The thou
sands of people who .packed Market-street
in . front of -the newspaper ...offices ( - ;-await
¦ing the outcome of ¦ the-, deliberations j of
the strikers' committee,- the- an
nouncement with . tremendous ..qhee^rs.
About fifteen •minutes Mater x the 1 news
.was- flashed out; on.-the> bulletin, boards et
.the other newspapers arid.In a short
newsboys were, proclaiming the tidings' in
all parts.of the city.: f.:.---- . ? >wri i ;...,'
FIRST CAR IS
GREETED WITH
GREAT CHEERS
Mayor Schmftz made the statement' late
last night that the strike was .unparalleled
in the history , of labor. He regarded it
as a great .triumph for the cause of. or
ganized labor and expressed'- the ; belief
that- the settlement 'of the strike would
be of mutual benefit to the railway'com
pany arid : its employes. He ¦believed 'that
the relations of those affected . "would : be
much, more cordial _ In . the future..- He
complimented the directors of the.; United
Railroads for the manly manner Ap. which
they met" the' strikers.- • The -manner; in
which the strike was conducted' wo"n the
goodwill of the public and served' to-ren
der the cause of organized labor a' more
important factor than ' ever in ' : industrial
lite. ; ¦¦ '-'-'. ¦¦ ¦-. ¦¦:.¦¦. ; ¦ ¦ .(^-: : - ;
" The news that the /strike- was
spread rapidly throughout ''the city.*: The
Call was the first to ; p'6st "a r bulletin to
that effect and r immediately the : tidings
iclrcuiated ' to the. ut'ter.most lengths _ o f
the. city.. There was general .'rejoicing, but
when an hour, later the Valencia, and".Mis
sion street cars came- down the- streets
named the crowd went; wild. ; Eftch ; car
as It appeared was crowded with a howl
ing mob| hoarsely yelling its delight; at
the reopening of traffic: Thousands of
people thronged the streets until 'ariVearly
hour' this morning and the. only' persons
who expressed a, grievance at the out
come were a f ew j -.of the • owners . ot ve
hicles who had been reaping substantial
financial benefits by the transportation
of passengers * at enhanced rates -during
the seven days of the' strike. .'¦' ' :
NEWS CAUSES REJOICING.
is general -; rejoicing . among carmen over
this concession^ . - .. ;c r.':?
The carmen will be allowed to ride freo
of charge upon their divisions
on showing their badges. The obnoxious
rule by which employes were subjected to
degrading espionage, on.. their days gtt ,is
now abolished, thereby ' giving the 'men
freedom of action. Another' concession of
importance is. that of the company agree
ing to submit all disputes with employes i
to committees from the union arid rail
way. In this respect the union, is recog
nized and it was the stand taken by the
company on this proposition which led " to
the acceptance of the terms as offered.
In returning to work the men have been
advisedytyy their leaders to go back with
olit th&'tleast feeling of runfriendliness for
their ernployers; also vtd show, by their
earnest and faithful work that they ap-,
predate the concessions which have "been 1
granted ' them. ...•,_.;. .... ->i.
In the' strike. ju'st.'ended the strikero con
ducted' themselves j in vther/Wost gentle
manly';;, manner, and v the "great 'body j of
people; of the 'city,/ were: it; not for the
inconvenience of having to walk . to .and
fromifhelr homes, would not have had the
slightest thing to complain of. .The mem
'b^ers^of the v ainion were universally con-
J gratijlated~ last night becaus.e-6f the or
derljr 'mariner in which they behaved. -
Tfte^strike was. 'also remarkable in that
;it:was\ in ¦ a\\ probability the most com
plfite^e^er inaugurated in this' or in any
other T) country. Usually in strikes the
unions ''enter the fight with' a- great show
offstrength and come out'of them-partly
or.whbll^ demolished; but in this instance
the^Stfeat -.Railway Employes' Union com
menced .their.* fight with but 300 members
arid emerged. from it with over 3000,' or, in
other words, every man employed by the
company against which ..the -strike was
levied. The union is how so strong that
possibility of strikes in the future is al
most-precluded.
The- strike, which' lasted"^ week almost
to theohour.v was r pronounced .-by- labor
leadeif s' jast : night-lto \ have \been - the' 1 most
remarkable one/ever experienced .: in-thls
country^: During the, entire week not. a v sin
gle instance of " e violence /was '-re'jfprted 1 to
the police, * andnot the least ; destruction
of the company's- property;' was permitted
by the .Htrik^rs.'. In . the 'East Iwhereyer
else ..atrpet :. railway;: employes ' have . gone
out'on'vstrlke the police-.haye experienced
the j greatest 'difficulty in' maintaining the
peace,' ;and' in many instances | the militia
had to'i; be ordered oiit;to quellriotspand
before/agreement^ have^.been reached;- in
many ; strikes -blood' 1 has -been- shed. \ -.-' ' ¦'
The first car to travel down Ellis, street.
wa^,ero.wded, . ,The people fought .In ."'a
gcrdd^iatured ;¦¦; manner for r ;the /uaistirir
guish^d honor of being 'among the; first to
ridei after the ¦¦ settlement *-of , -the ..striked
People' crowded the steps^ of :the. car'dnd'
clung to the ; stanchions i^'and * to'; " 'every
available - projection. ¦'. They \ answered the
cheers of the people in' the streets and' on
the ' sidewalks." . : ~~" rl> r '""'H"'^~' * : ."-T Z "*"
> The gripmen, motormeri. and conductors?
showed; just about'Sa muoh"jqy-in return^
ing to work as the.- petJple,- did *Jn greeting
the lirgt cars. X AtteiS they, had * voted/to
accept . the conditions offeredyby the. com
pany riot:..w^lt_ta: dimithelE. uni-
forms-,:V5put: hastened to the 'old: familiar
car hoij'ses ' arid 'mounted < their cars; ready j
for. wffrfe The men, all wore itheir uriipn.
badges; "decorated with .'fed, 'white- and
Dlue ; r .ib.bons. i ;/!:-. : : v>^.". : ;.;.';.!
'The. appearance of the street cars again
will 6f.G6yr.se mean .the linmediate replac- j
Ing offj'aliuthe" pld wagop's, trucks,' buse^',
hacks /vandtother^decrepit^ yehiplesi: into j
their' proper "poslti'cins..in' the. museums of
relics^ of ? days; .The " old, . broken
downjhi£ees;.which were ; long ago retired
from active work; but which were pressed
into usse 'once again durlhg -the strike, will
now b(J:peiisib'ned off and allowed to pa#^
the reniainder of-' their' Honorable old age
in retireinent. '. ¦ - ,, .-; - • ,' , •
cars carrie in view on .the various j lines,,
the l people crowded Into the streets > arid
cheered {j again " and ( again. After a ' week
of. gazing, on deserted tracks and listerir
In-g^to the 1 idle cable humming through the
slot, the reappearance of the cars was
enough- to drive a footsore v people into
ecstacy. ;
Continued . From Page ' Seventeen.
Miss; Ethel .HutcUspn'and/ JolrnT . F.-
Kingston Surprise Friends tiy '
: Getting Married; . ¦ - , : • .
A r very pretty wedding ceremony was
solemnized before the 'Epworth' 'League,
convention at College Park yesterday at;
high noon, when John F. Kingston and
Miss Ethel M. Hutchison were. -united, in'
matrimony. The wedding /furnished a;
genuine surprise, to ..the numerous friends
of the. young couple-, in the-, convention. .
The. ceremony was performed > by', Rev.\
John A. B. "Wilson. Henry J. Davidson,
acted as groomsman, while- Miss Lizzie
Salter filled the pleasant duties of brides-
WEDDED BEFORE AN>; ; v ; J
EPWORTH CO^VENTIOl^l
maid...--, . ' • ' . • i-V ¦ '"¦ '. : ., \} i -.- ;
'The groom is a' prominent young busi
.Hess man of this city. He is also one of
th? cHief; officers'..' of ..the" Bowardrstreet 1
Methodist Episcopal Church and president'
of* the Epwbrth League. Miss -Hutchison
Is : also ; an 'active .member'-of . the same
church and. .vice .president : of the ; Mercy
aftd; Help, department .; Both the- young
'people 'are well known in church, circles
in this city. "• ..,: . . ;';¦] - .\,. . '. -
If a young man i: la * really sin-'iove he
J ; neyer.:says..he,can > tLaffQrd.tQ:marry. -
• Ailecture on""lndustrlai Monopoly" was
delivered last night: at the Academy: of
Sciences by- ; Duncan E. McKinlay, Assist
ant United States District Attorney. ' •'
Lecture on'Industrial Monopoly.
T : LOS ANGELES, April 26.— Lucky Bald
win .< has shipped a number \ ot ; twb-year
. olds ito . Saratoga,^ where' they, are -entered'
i in some of the best • stakes at .that meet
• ; ing. V ;.W. ¦=; J. Spiers \ wiltv have" charge of
: Baldwin's ; and : colts. : • The ; ; Santa
¦Anita ;.col9rs i will ¦ :be; seen : f requehuy on
*,the Eastern- circuit ;this summer. . -,; ::
Will Sport the Baldwin Colors.;
Florence Homan,. who is being sued for
V0 «.*. by E £ ward Homan, proprietor of
the Midway Plalsance, filed an answer to
her husband's "complaint yesterday. She
denies '; that she ever treated him with
-cruelty or ever caused him any trouble
during their married life. r
Mrs. Homan Denies Charges.
Ernest Lindie, the man who. stabbed
George Lohery in Petersen's saloon at 806
•Howard street on - Friday afternoon, was
arrested by Sergeant Shea „ at 3 o'clock
yesterday morning in his ; room at "649
Third street and taken to the City Hall
station, where he was booked j' on the
charge, of. an assault with' intentto com
mit murder. Lohery's' injuries are likely
to prove fataL /^r ¦
Lohery's Assailant Captured.
California Inanimate Target Associa- ]
; tion : Selects Empire Gun' Club . .
¦ ."; Grounds for Annual Shbotv ; •
At a meeting last night of members of
Calif pmla; Inanimate Target "Association
it was decided to hold the annual shoot
on June 28 and 29 on the Empire Gun Club
grounds, Alameda Point. .,..;:,'•:¦, -/,; . -.
i;J."rB. Hauerwas made official handicaD
per; and will allot the marks from which
the; men, will shoot .If an error develops
a man's mark will be changed in the neit
event. ¦¦>. More than 100 entries are* expected
The following committees were appointed*
• Tournament— W.eJ. , Street. Dr. 'Ai T*
Derby/ F. .Walpert and J. iRoss:'" : : - ¦ \ -
"'Auditing— W. - J. Golcher, V j.\ b.": Hatier
and;Dr. A. M.t Barker. ¦ > * "" auer
Membershlp-^J.r Peltier, ' C. " Gordon T
L. Lewis and, Dr. ; A. T. Derby. • : '
TBAPSHOOTEGR,S TO MEET
, ;¦¦.;,. ' AT AI^LMEDAj POOTT
An orchestra furnished music' between
courses and toasts. The affair was one
of the most successful in the history of
the order. .,
Portola Council No.- 470 of the Young
Men's Institute celebrated the fifth an
niversary of Its Institution by a banquet.'
There -was a full - representation of the
members present who enjoyed a delicious
supper. William H. Murphy, the presi
dent, was introduced by Eugene Fitzger
ald, the toastmaster, and he made a few
remarks relative to the council and its
work. The following were the toasts and
those who responded to them: "The Oc
casion," R. A. Cahalan; "Fraternity,"
John A. Kelly; "California," Dr. B. F.
Fleming; "Our Council, No. 470," Daniel
T. Powers; "The Ladies," Frank P.
Scully; "The Benedicts," James J.Cant
len; "The Bachelors," Frank "J., Daunet;
"Our Treasury," John G. Steimle; "Past
Presidents," John Radford; ."Our Fu
ture," A. E. Osborne, and j( "Reminis
cences," George F.- McGrath. . -
Portola's Anniversary.
CHXCAGO; April 26.— Jaqlc Root to-night
knocked out Billy Stift after one. minuts
and a half of fighting in the second round
of a scheduled six-round -contest at tha
Chicago Athletic Club. The contest, was
tame' and" uninteresting. . . :v,\\-'
Jack' Root" Stops Billy Stift.
The pallbearers will be R.' H, Lloyd ax-
Supreme Judge Charles, N. Fox, Henry
E. Highton, ex-Judge Davis Louderfoaii,
Thomas R» Hayes"and J. Dalzell' Bro'wn. "
The remains of the pioneer and Veteran
lawyer will : be laid away in Laurel Hill
Cemetery to-day.- He had been for twen
ty-five "years' president of the Laurel Hill
Cemetery Association, resigning a year
ago.: The funeral' will be from his late
residence at 1 p. m. ' _¦
-Mr. ¦Gurinlson was a native of Vermont
and .reared in ' Massachusetts. '.¦ He arrived
in San Francisco November 15, 1351, with
his ! brother, A. R. Gunnison, who Is still
a . resident here. Going,', t.6 Mariposa
County,^ he. followed mining for: 4'^ short
time. .- Returning; to .this city, he entered
into -legal practice. ' : . .^ . ¦
The deceased was a widower, and left no
children, -a son and a daughter havine
'dlea "before- ¦Him;"";--.-:— — ™ — — -- *-
Mr. r .. Gunnison was the -oldest practi
tioner, and longest- in continuous .service
at the bar, of San Francisco. ; He attained
the age of 79 years and 6 months. :-; '
"Andrew J. 1 Gunnison, "the 'long prominent
attorney, whose serious illness 1 "was an
nounced a fortnight ago and -whose death
on account of his great age was expected,"
passed :a^ay;on Friday at his home; 1613
Van Ness avenue. ' ' : : • • - f : t :•„•
Eightieth Year.V»
Passes Away on Verge i of His
Pioneer Lawyer of '. Sail iTrahcisco
ANDREW J. . GTTNNISONf .-; ;
IS CALLED BY ; DEATH
• 1 California— Hamlin, Morse, Braly Gos
linsky; Smith, King, Crawford; McKeOwn
Wheelen. Williams. • ¦ '
- Stanford— Adams, McGilvary, ' ¦ Toung r
Hendricks, Russ, Gardiner,' Mills Meyer'
Parker.V ' .'. - " , .'.r- 1 • • '
Picked Nines Play Ball.
" April ; 26.-Two" picked
nin.es; of,, college arid ' arumnl men- from
both' the University, of - California 1 and
Stanford. University played two games on
the . Berkeley -campus this afternoon un
der the names of the "Stanford 'Alumni'?
and > "California Alumni" teams' The
first innings Were won -by Stanford by a
score of 6-3 arid .the 'second ty California
by', a '-score -of 5-0: The men shifted their
positions- often; Tiut those, who" played are
as follows:" •.¦.;-..." ¦¦ -.-• . . >-. . -
Judge Cabaniss yesterday heard the tes
timony in the case of Fred Hansted,
charged with, an assault' on-Tlwmaa Gar
'Tfett, fthd the" hearing was contii»ietfa.t the
request ot^ 'the-. defense^xintU-'JUact Friday,
despite vigorous objections. by tfie^prose
c'utlon. *-. ' . ; "i
Garrett appeared in.cour^ and wiQi the
exception of a cut lip gave no evidence of
the beating he had received.' 'He-' testified
to having been, struck a blow in the face
iand falling'to the- ground, when -he heard
some one say, "You Insulted my; sister."
He could not say who his assailant was.
A. W. -Lpuderback, JameV J. jMorris and
T; A. M. Evans, al3o.gaye evidenQe, but
none of the witnesses could say who had
assaulted Garrett. -, ; > ,
physicians were unable- to tes
tify jwhether : his, '.Injuries" 1 -were 1 inflicted
with a weapon , or ,wtt&- bare," flsts^' At
•'torne'y 'Archie Campbell ; f at 3 the 'def ense
announced that he would ask for a disrl
missal of the case next week. f 1
In the matter of W. H. O'Donnell,
charged withi being a party to the as
sault. Judge Cabaniss fixed the hearing
for next .Friday, and. reduced the bail from
$1000 to-$500. In view of the testimony pre
sented in the Hansted examination. The
.Judge strongly intimated tnat'he had been
misled by false information when first
asked. to fix CDonnell's bail and said that
$300 was unusually- high in such a case.
H. O'Donnell, Accused of Bert
ing Thomas Garrett.
Judge Cabaniss Reduces Bail of W.
George M. Kelly will officiate as floor
director, with Peter Morrln, .William Mur
phy," > Frank ,' Rhodes, ' P. ' J. ' McKeon,
George P. Feeley,. Arthur 6'ConnoK' .Wil
llani' Barry, ' Jarri^s. B. ; Coffey, i Forest
Adams, .H. , J;? Spring, A. . White,- Michael
Gilmore,' Dennis ? Kenhey and William R/
O'Neill as assistants. . v '. "'. V; ; ,. - :
At the conclusion of the 'programme re
freshments will . be served, \ followed by.
dancing, and ; aa many of the '¦-. lads .and
lassies, will be in traditional costumes of.
the Emerald Isle the 'picture. wilV be a
pretty, one. .... . * ¦- -•¦ ;::;. . ..;\:
A novel- feature of, the decorations will
be a variety of Irish singing birds sus
pended from, the ceiling in' cag£s. . .
A most interesting, programme has been
arranged, including violin. and! vocal solos,
fancy dancing and • a couple,, of comical
farces. '¦ . .¦¦¦'.'.¦.''* ' .'*¦'-' - .' ' '
¦Cdunty- Westmeath booth of j the<^ Irish"
Fair, under the able . management; of the
Misses 1 ". Delia andT. Katie .- Flana'gan ,. arid
Misses Uzzle and -Jennie Morion j.'wIIL en
tertain: ltsrfrfe.nds'af Frahklift:HalI,'-Fin
more -street, - -6n •> Wednesday "."evjerilng,
April 3. ;':'" . . ;\t^ :.',;¦ .
Young Hostesses Are . Preparing, an
.-•-^Interesting --and "Novel-. Pro- ¦
,.;.,- .!,' gramme; for
EVIDENCE TTRA-R-fS i nf i !CASE
AGAINST >FKED HANSTED
There will be a parade of the .mem
bers of ' the ¦ .'.union,, starting from the
Turk-street Temple at . 10 o'clock a. m.
Athletic contests, a concert and other
forms of amusement and entertainment
have been prepared for the occasion.
. Heln has been selected as grand
marshal. Arrangements are in charge of
Bmile ; Eisold, v George Hem. Thomas'
Lonergan. " Henry Heller, John Gletjen,
Joseph Puntlgam and Frank Kalleg.
-Marcel Willewin'be floor manager. -
Elaborate -Entertainment of !
Quesfs at fiafbor-^Vlew?-'-?."*'-'
AThe"Baker£l* aria: "Confectioners' inter
_national Union No. 24 will hold its annual
Mayday festival and International - labor
¦day P. celebration & at.* Gertoania >Gardens;
Harbor View.-: on May 1. An elaborate'
programme for the entertainment', of the
guests has been prepared and "everything
promises that the affair will be most ¦uo
cessful. ' • ' . • : ./
Arrangements <?onsist- of Parade and
JRAKEBS'j /ONION .-. lOtKES , ..' .'-« ,
WESTMEATH: BOOTH TO ". . ' .
: - •••?. AI3> 'THE -IBJSH PAIR
THE SAN.FEAKCISCO CALL, ;SUIs T DAY^ IPKIL 27, .1902.
SETTLEMENT. OF^THE STRIKE
CARMEN ~
\MANY-WEBM&AR
Andrew Wilson Lyons, from whom Ca
mllle d'Arville, the comic opera j singer,
was . divorced %in 1900, yesterday filed a
suit for $50,000 damages against E. "WV
Crellln, to whom the singer is now mar
ried. He alleges alienation of affections
and fraudulent divorce proceedings.
Demands Heavy Damages.
Says Signature-' Is - a • roreerv. ' H I
,-JimtV. Prosek... attorney, " ; deniei th$.rSlg-
liattire to the letter to' hava
been sent "by him to Mrs. Swales Ion be
half of James B. Sykes. ' He declares the
signature to be a forgery and disavows
having authorized any letters to be sent
to Mrs. Swales. He admits that his of
fice was used by- Sykes : and also that he
had given hlni advice as to the* payment
of certain, moneys.- ' ' .. »
Chimney - Causes-. Fire.
'A epark'from-a^eWianeyset fire to th$.'
bouse of Mrst Emma? G; * VST^enclieU at 2512 3
Market Etreet^esterday and before the
arrival of the engines the "blaze had
gained sufficient headway to -communicate '
to the adjoining house, 2514 Market street,
occupied by Sergeant or Police Helms,
pkm&g*' by flre andv water-s destroyed
aboiit 53000 worth of * furriijtnre, all , at
which was fully" covered by ; Insurance,
The damage to the buildings was fully
covered by insurance.
Dr. Shiels Undergoes Operation.
Doctor Wilson J. Shiels, who was taken
ill a few days since with a-ppendicltis, was
successfully operated, on. yesterday after
noon at the Lane Hospital. The physician
was resting easily at an early hour this
morning and his brother physicians are
hopeful of his early recovery.
: ¦ « f
18
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
FOB ADBITIONAL DETAII^ OE ffl'BXKE SETTXE3XEENT SEE PAGE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jifter ' Edimgi
Nausea between meals, -.belching,' yom- ,
itihg, flatulence, fits of ¦? nervous -.head-
ache, pain in the stomach, are all symp-
toms of dyspepsia, and' the -longer' it is
neglected the harder it is- to, cure it \^
Hood's Sarsaparilta
and Pills
Radically and ' permanently, cure it—
¦ '.•- - ' - - ¦ -
strengthen and tone the stomach, and
other digestive . qrgans for. the natural
performance of their functions.* - ;
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on'
request. C. I.'. HOOP C.6., Lowell, Maaa. ... ! :
gBHfflaHaMfflSHaaaacBaaHnaBEaaHaaaEaaaHEnaaaacsina
I Special This Week. |
¦ TELEPHONE YOUD ORDER AND WE WILL DELIVED IT PROMPTLY g
'¦fri --—- ¦- ~- ~7-MONEnsoirra"7S6:~— ~"--- ~— : - m
¦ - Met ; immoiv- -- — " — ' - - 2o<4 E
w«uB|^^i^ • 4for25c||
1 4EPSOM SALTS, lb. 5c^ ¦
|^i|l§^^^r^! -;:;;; 80<| g
B Regular price 90c. . r ¦ :-. Q
¦^TEMA; : ' r T . 85c, 4 bQtties^$3.0(£ ¦
¦ '"TRUSSES, - fpom$1.0o!S
B.v Bring Us Yovr Prescriptions and- Save 50 per Cent S| 8
¦ CAMERA DEPARTMENTS . . OPTICAL DEPARTMENT ,B
¦ . 20 per cent discount on Cameras and Is in charge o! an expert optician, §
g KodaKs. ;. :. who b always in attendance. ::O
q New prices on developing and -\ ', 20 per cent discount on Oculists* j
¦ i'] ; V- ;. printing. : ! Prescriptions lor glasses. a
N NO PERpTAGE BiRUfi CO. 1
¦;¦.;.. 949-951 Market Street. | B^
B A' . " ¦¦ ' - ' "• WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS. ' r' S
¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦HBBpBMMaBBMMqH^M^Miiia
¦'*•-'.<¦-'•. ;¦••¦'¦•'- •• ¦•• '*.-•'-'«*¦ ".> <•.¦•-¦ "--,-¦ ¦¦ -• ¦ -> -
Mrs. Elmer Fleming,
Minneapolis, Minn.
As a systemic 'catarrh • remedy, P.eruna
eradicates" catarrh 'from the system
wherever It -'maybe located. It cures
catarrh of the stomach or bowels with
the same certainty as catarrh of thehead.
.If. you. do not" derive prompt and satls-
.factory. "results from the use - of P-exuna,
write at once £0 Dr. Hartman , giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased -to gtye-you his valuable advice
gratis.:. •- : . ,- -. ~'.- . ..-
. ,-Addfess Dr.. Hartman,' -President of The
Hartman Sanitarium^ Columbus, Ohio.
Tho spring is the time. tc. trqiat catarrh.
Col<L. wet, winter, weather otten retards
a : care #f «atarrh. ! If -a course of Peruna
is. taken durinr tfie -early spring months
the cure wilt be prompt and neraaanent'*
Th'e're can' be rip'failu'res if" JPeruna i3
taken Intelligently 'during : the favorable
weather of spring. .] -. - - -
Treat Catarr]
"I am fully convinced that your rem-
edy la an excellent tonic. Many of my
friends : have used it --with . the«'mdst ben-
eficial results for coughs, -colds and ca-
tarrhal.. trouble. "—Ira. C.^Abbott." * -
Mrs. Elmer Fleming, orator- q£ Keser-
>voiF - Council . No. 168, Northwestern Le*
gion of Honor, of Minneapolis,; .Minn.,
writes from 2535 folk street, NJ^li.:
"1 have " been
¦troubled <all my
'life' .VJlttf"" catarrh
in my head. 1
"took ' Peruna for
about threa
mfnitii s, - an <J
now think I am
permanently
cured. I believe
that -for catarrh
in all its forma
Per una. is tho
medicine - of tha
age. It cures
when all other
remedies fall. I
, can heartily rec-
ommend Peruna
as a catarrh rem-
edy." —Mrs. El-
mer Fleming.
in Spring.
Congressman H. Bowen, Raskin, Taze-
well County, Va.,-wrttes:
"I can cheerfully recommend your
valuable remedy, Peruna, to any one
who is suffering with catarrh, and who
is in need of a permanent and effec-
tive cure." — H. Bow&n.
Mr. Fred D. Scott. Lartte, 'Ohio, Right
Guard of Hiram -Football- Team, writes;
"As a specific for lung trouble I place
Peruna at the head. I have used it my-
self for colds and catarrh of tho bowels
and it is a splendid remedy. It restor?3
vitality, increase.3 bodjly .. strength anfi
makes a sick person well in. a short time.
I give Peruna my hearty indorsement."-.
Fred D. Scott. —
Gen. Ira C. Abbott, 906 M street, N. W..
Washington, D. C, writes:
A Congressman's Letter.
W. -E. Griffith, Concan, Texas, wrlte3:
•I suffered with ¦ chronic catarrh for
many years. I took Peruna and it com-
pletely cured me. I think Peruna is tha
best medicine in the world for catarrh.
My general health is much improved by
its use, as I am much stronger than I
have- been for years."— W.-E/ Griffith.
"f can conscientiously recommend
your Peruna as a ffne tonic and all
•around good medians to those who
are in need ( of a catarrh remedy. // %
has been commended to me by people
who have used it, as a remedy par-
ticularly effective in the cure of ca-
tarrh. For those who need a good
catarrh medicine I know of nothing
better.?-— H. W.Ogden. ¦
ADVEBTISE2CENTS.
Mrs. A. M. Leland of Muscongus, Me., Sufferedj So Much
.From ; Kidney Disease That Lffe Was a Burden to
Her. Her Doctors Gave Her Up to Die.
WARNER'S SAFE CURE
; Cured Her and Restored Her to Perfect Health; She Is
. Now Ahle ; to Do Her Own Housework..
G y RE D MRS. L E LAN D.
of Men. and' Women Have Kidneyi.Dfsease. and
4 Do Not Know It'Until Bright's Disease, Diabetes .^
:-^ __. ;_or. Urinary Trouble Has Set In. — -:.
. X TRIAL BOTTLE OF, WARNER'S- SAFE CURE, THE WORLD'S GREAT- 1
: EST KIDNEY CURE. SENT/ABSOLUTELY FREE TO' EVERY READER
OF THE.CALL.. ' ' "' p -'f.^'V--- ."\ " ' "
. •Gentienjen: 1% wish let- you icnoV of the good that Warner's Safe Cure \
and AVfarn^r'e -pills have done fjor me.:« , ¦ " . , ; . V • "
(Last, spring I was stricken with,. what the doctors . pronounced liver and' kid-,
ney disease, and lay 'in a semi-conscious, state,, and my death was expected at
any rhoment. Two dofctors eave ine'up. told my family I could not live the
day o6t. - My leet, legs arid whole body were' fearfully swollen, and I was so '
. lame and sore all over that to move In bed almost *took. my life. I gasped for
breath and my* heart's action was so-unnatural as-to cause serious alarm. After
I had been given up -to die by two doctors, my family, knowing that Warner's.
. Safe Cure had done so much for.my daughter, purchased a bottle of Warner's
, Safe Cure and a box.of the pills, ana when I was at the point of death and my 1
• clothe* all waiting to drees me. for my, last" resting place they began to give 1
; me Warner's Safe Cure. I fook, it- every hour or two through the night, and at
; the turn of this same night the kidneys began to act and the swellings grad-
: ually subsided. The fever abated, my lameness Improved and last of all my
breath became natural. I "was drenched \rith perspiration. ;
The whole story, tcfld briefly, is 'this: - '•
From lying at death's door, bloated from head to foot, panting for- breath, .
like a dog after a long ¦chase, heart • treating ' two beats and skipping two, or •
so faint could hardly hear it, pulse a great deal over one hundred, and a stu-
por that could not be controlled, this was my condition -when -I took Warner's
Safe Cure, and I can only say that it saved my life and that it is all that is
claimed for it.
• The doctors called my disease hardening of the kidneys, and it mus^- be quite
a surprise to the doctors to learn that I am doing my housework. Fueling It a
duty I owe to you to write of my wonderful cure, I am yours truthfully (Mrs.)
A." M. LELAND, Museorigus, Maine. Jan. V~1901s.
Thousands of letters like Mrs. Leland's are received every day from thank-
¦ ful men and women who have been cured by Warner's Safe Cure.
TEST YOUE KIDNEYS. If any one in your family has ever had kidney
or bladder disease make this simple test and find out if you are afflicted: Put
some morning urine in a glass or bottle, let it stand for twenty-four hours; if
there is a reddish sediment in the bottom of the glass, or if the urine is cloudy
or milky, or if you see particles or germs floating about ln It, your kidneys are
diseased and you should lose no time, but g"et a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure, as
it is dangerous to neglect your- kidneys for even one day. Bright's disease,
gravel, liver complaint, pains in the back, rheumatism, rheumatic gout, in-
flammation of bladder, stone in the bladder, uric acid poisoning, dropsv, ecze-
ma, scrofula, blood disease, offensive odor from ' sweating, so-called "Female
weakness." painful periods, too frequent desire to urinate and painful passing
of urine are all caused by diseased kidneys, and can be speedily cured by War- '
ners Safe Cure, which has been prescribed by leading doctors for twenty-five '
JT,? rs -^ and used ln a11 Prominent hospitals exclusively. It heals the kidneys and'
kills the disease germs. ..
Warner's Safe Cure is purely, vegetable and contains no harmful drugs; it
does not constipate: it fs a most valuable and effective tonic; it Is a stimulant to
digestion and awakens the torpid liver, putting the patient into the very best
receptive, state for the work of the restorer of the kidneys. It prepares the
tieeues, soothes inflammation and Irritation, stimulates the enfeebled organs and
heals at the same time. It builds up the body, gives it strength and restores
the energy that is or has been wastfng under the baneful suffering: of kidnev
disease. Warner's Safe Pills taken with Warner's Safe Cure move the bowels
gently and aid a speedy cure.
- Warner's Safe Cure is now put up In two regular sizes and sold by all drug-
gists,, or direct 50 CENTS AND $1 A . BOTTLE. ¦
..- _. Refuse substitutes. There is none "just as good" as^ Warner's Safe Cure.
- Jt has cured, all. forms .of kidney, disease . during, JLhe. last years. It is
- prescribed by all doctors and used In the leading hospitals as the only absolute
cure for. all forms of disease. of the kidneys, liver, bladder and blood
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
».?» convince every sufferer from diseases of the liver, kidney, ' bladder and
brood- that Warner's Safe Cure will eyre .them a trial bottle will be sent abso-
lutely free, postpaid, to any one who will, write Warner's Safe Cure Co ' Ro-
£ T 1 f? te Ji,. X - Y - . and mention havinsr seen' this liberal offer in. the, San Francte.".'
Ji T 1 !? S.enumeness of this offer is .fully, guaranteed. -, Our doctor will -send '
medical- booklet, containing- symptoms and .-treatment of- ; each disease and ? many
convincing testimonials. -free. ; .-. ; . .>-, .; -...- - ; -..,- • : .-. ¦¦. . . ,-.,,.,,, ,.7^ -..,., rrr"* . <
Drunkards
Cured Secretly
Laj> Lady Can do it at Homo— CosU
,: ; . Nothing to Try.
Jb Bew *?*£**!, < Use ° T **T wUcli c«n be pirea In tea.
•oCeeorfood. Heartily eadoned by W. C. T. U. andaU
temperance workers, ft does Its work so tilentlT and
jmreiy tfaat wblle the devoted wife. sUter or daaVbter
lookspn.tbedrcnk»rd U recUlmed «ren aealnit his will
•ndwlthont hU knowledge. Bend your naSSind I addreS
M will mall • trial package of Golden Specific TfreVto
ibow how eaiUjr it U to cure anink.rd* with thit remedj.
Full-Blxed boxes of . Oolden Specific are for
' eale in San Francisco by J. K. Gate* & Cn
¦ . ill Saneome «t. • "•
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
} MUSEUM OF AHATOHY^
i~" •**_ JJ; Larrert AnitomicaJ Museum in tke \
V BSrefiV 2^ m n T tM "y contracted
/ £>*H3 I I^ eiiU * t OB the Cc ***- E»t 36 yeirs. Q
f V*$>Lk DR * JCRDAN -D!SEASES OF MEN A
A IW^I Consultation free and itrictly prime. \
f I ITS* U V£l me % pcr » onl)i J' or by l-tt«. A A
\ B /* - 11 ft *—"— '« - ««ne»erjrc»s«naderttken. T
9 F II \\ W _ VVr " e for Bock. PBILOIOPBV «f A
. \ ll - 11" «»¦»»«. MAILED FJtEH. 1 1 Q
k <*' t» »*h»We Uftk for nn) - \
Raceway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
pertect digestion, complete absorption and
fceaithf ul regularity. » - -
For the cure of all disorders" of- the Stomach.
Uver. Bowel*. Kidneys. Bladder, Female It-
replaritles Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con.
•tipation. Piles and *U derangements, of th«
Internal Viscera. 25e a box. . At Druggist., or
by mall. HAD WAT * CO.. New Tori. ;
"Pe-ru-na Is an Excellent Spring Catarrh
Remedy— I am as Well as Ever,"
; HON. DAN. A. 6BCSYEH0E, OP THE. FAMOUS OHIO YaWLy: . "
Hon. Dan. A. Grosvenor, Deputy Auditor for the War Department, in a letter
written from Washington, D. C, says: . . . V ¦ . ' ¦<
"Allow mo to express my gratitude to you for, the benefit derived from
one bottle of Peruna. One week has brought wonderful changes and I am
how as well as ever! . Besides being one of the. very best spring tonics it is
ah excellent catarrh rsmedy." — D Ml. A. GROSVENOR: ' ,
';¦'. Io a'recent letter he.saya: ..-¦
"I consider Peruna really more meritorious than I did whan I wrote you
last. I r3ceiv3 numerous letters from acquaintances all over the country
asking me if my certificate is genuine. I invariably answer, yes."—'
' . ,. ' . . - Dan. A.. Grosvenor.
A County Commissioner's- Letter. lmme.4iaie...relief. feruna cured me'of a
Hbn. John Williams. County Commis- £&»^ % ° n f th c P a r ta "irpr t «??£, ¦} -Z m
sioner, of 517 West Second street, Duluth, ease'- Lhn f wnii««t " '- *'?•"? -V» at - dis "
Minn., .says the: following in regard to . eaSe - ~ J ?. hn W11 l iams ; : , .. [ ; . .
'YA 1 "!' remedy for! catarrh I can cheer- A CongreBSman's Letter.- -¦
fully recommend Peruna. I know what- Hon\ H.' W. Og-den Conjrressmaji from
i.t^to suffer from that terrible disease Louisiana, in a fette'r Written ™ ?Va™£
.and I. feel that It is- my duty to speak a ington, D. c. the^ollowlnff' of J §>L
5 ood«word for the .tonic that brought me runa, the national cataWh remedV°v
ooocoo5>coceocc<50«oo^©6©ooo©c©oooooo©co®oce 0
YOUR TEETH |
' - - - '¦ . ¦ . T T» * "I '-'* " ' • ¦' •%
- S&£ ~^v _ , - Low Rates Extraordinary to %
/££ZZ$?\-. 4^*^*^ , , introduce the famous Drexler 0
• W^C^" 1^*^^^*^ PJatCS and DentaI Meth ods. for •
/Y^'Yi ijJmlh A good ful1 set of tecth - • •$ 4 *° 0 •
$2.00 :
N^MJ^pjpT^^ Method) •
X^JJ^j^^l^^ and $1.OO g
.V*.' "$io,oo '. ; Gold \ Crowns for Q
1 'ii 1 vv -. : i * - v iTij£i*^ . ...--,.. next .two ?3 OO ?
< ¦•¦-¦.¦"..'¦''¦¦-". '•; '' '•.' ¦-.'.- "¦•¦/V-:."'"' '. ¦ ¦ •
Drexler • Painle^lDerttal Co.M New York |
San Francisco P^ujpr, 1104 Market St., Cor. Tiirk. o
- n^ rnns> an(^ u a 8ense
' I^JjM ' cannot lighten labor ' or 1
¦ «filli an w^° s n ccmstan t , su^"
I j(M||h|L fering from inflammation,
L^Iisuiln other womanly diseases.
inliiniPfi make work easy for worn-'
i lluiiSlB en is sound health, and'
i III Hlillsi pr! Pierce 1 * Favorite Pre-[
' W mil Mm m scrip^ 00 ' 3 the thing that'
I il'dSjilll to sick women. It cures
'•' V 1 /*»} - 1 { womanly > diseases ' which,
¦ .. , : cause weaknees, and cures.
the backache, sideache, nervousness and
- other ill* which are the result of woman*
ly. diseases. : / "¦'¦C'v ¦ '.'¦¦¦
'¦ ' -' " I suffered from fbm ale weakness fbt fivo
' months.P writes Misa I Belle I Hedrick, of Nye,
Putnam Co., W. Va: "I was treated by a good'
'physician, but' he never seemed -to do me any
' good; I wrote to ¦ Dr. R.. V. Pierce for advice,,
which I received,' telling me to take his ! PavoN
ite Prescription' and 'Golden ! Medical, Discov^
ery.' -When -I had used the medicines a month,'
my health was much improved. It has con tin-!
- ued to improve until now I can work at almost
. all .'kinds of ¦ housework. I had scarcely auy,
appetite, but it Is all right 'now. Have gained,'
several - pounds in weight. Dr. Pierce' s medi-I
dues have ' done ¦wonderfiiUy well ; here.', 1 '
would advise all who suffer from chronic Ji*.
eases to write to Dr. Pierce." . y;-.\ , ;. : ..•$• './ t
V; ,.•» Fayorite^Prescription " makes weaH
•women -strong;, sick women 1 : wcll.. ; A.c-J
ceptUno} substitute J ; for;i the- medicihaj
;wnich >. works ] wonders : for .weak women.;
:; Dr.VPierce's , Common ' Sense ¦ Medical
Adviser it'oeai'Jree on receipt of stamps'
"ito pay? expense j of. mailing only;^ Send
21 onencent stamps for, the pa^-coyerea
¦ book," or : 3i stamps ¦ for L the cioth-bounQ
volume. Address DrVR. 1 V. Pierce; Buf i
the dojg" sKow. We 1
; irheris* tha.t aire locked
at. Cadi aovd dee tHeiii. • INEVADA, April 26.— William Hongell
was killed In Dr. Puscheck's mine near
You Bet station this morning. Hongell
was engaged in drilling in a tunnel, when
his drill struck a charge of powder which
had failed to explode in firing a round of
shots some time previous. Hongell was
immediately over the, "hand fire" blast,
Killed by a Mine Blast.
regular throughout the season. Unless
the supply of labor Is larger than usual
the' fruit growers will' suffer loss.
SACRAMENTO, April 26.— William Grif
fin, who was brought back from the State
of Washington to answer to charges of
forgery, having passed forged checks
upon C. L. Kaymeyer and Jacob Ze
mansky. appeared in the Superior Court
this afternoon, entered a pica of guilty
and was sentenced to seven years' impris
onment by Judge Hart.
Forger Griffin Pleads Guilty.
LOS ANGELES. April 26.— Colon S.
Park, an engineer on the Southern Cali
fornia Railway, received fatal injuries
this morning while on his regular run
from San Diego to this city, which result
ed In his death before he could be taken
to his home, at 739 Ruth avenue. Park
•was in charge of the engine attached to
the northbound train from San Diego. At
Rivera be put his head out of the cab
window to take a look ahead Just as the
engine reached the bridge over the river
«t that place. He was struck by one of
the bridge timbers and knocked out of the
cab. falling to the river bed below. He
did not regain consciousness and died
•while being- carried from the train to his
home In this city.
Struck by Timber of Bridge and
Hurled From Locomotive to
the Biver Bed.
ENGINEER KILLED WHILE
LEANING OUT OF HIS CAB
HANFORD. April 26.— The programme
for the thirty-fifth annual encampment of
the Grand Army of the Republic, Depart
ment of California and Nevada, in Han
ford on May 8, 9 and 10 is completed. The
Veterans* Association of the San Joaquin
Valley will camp here from May 5 to 10.
The Grand Army encampment will com
mence on the 8th. On the afternoon of
that day there will be a carriage drive
through the country, with a reception and
luncheon "at Lemoore. The general recep
tion will occur in theJHanford Opera
house at night. On May 9 there will be a
military and civic parade, with receptions
in the evening. May 10 will be devoted to
the business of the encampment, followed
by a reception and campfire in the opera
hcuse. Governor Gage, General Shafter
and other notables will attend the en
campment. '-' ' '
Grand Army Encampment Feature3.
SACRAMENTO, April 26.— Merle Barnes,
the 10-year-old son of E. M. Barnes, liv
ing on the M street road., is suffering
fr.om lockjaw and cannot survive. Sev-.
eral days ago the boy was playing with
a number of companions on an Impro
vised "razzle-dazzle", and ran a small red
wood sliver into one of his hands. The
sliver was removed and the accident,
which was considered trifling, was for
gotten. A few days later symptoms of
tetanus developed, and although physi
cians were called in the malady had made
too much progress to be stayed.
Hand and. Tetanus Sets in Some
Days Later.
TEN-YEAR-OLD BOY
DYING OF LOCKJAW
Runs a Redwood . Sliver Into His
On Thursday night Nicholis carried
home about $200 belonging to an insur
ance company, and it is thought the rob
bers believed he had this money with him
when they attacked him.
NEVADA, April 26.— Wesley Nicholls
was sandbagged by two robbers on the
narrow gauge railroad track last even
ing. Nicholls was on the way home and
saw two men walking ahead of him. Be
lieving them to be neighbors, he quick
ened his pace and caught up with them.
One wheeled around, striking Nicholls on
the head with a blunt instrument. Nich
oll?. grappled with his assailant, the two
rolling down the embankment to a barbed
wire fence. The other robber followed
them and struck Nicholls over the eye,
inflicting a bad cut and rendering him
unconscious. Four hours later Nicholls
recovered consciousness, discovering that
his pockets had been rifled of the few
dollars he carried.
Robbers and Is Sandbagged
for His Trouble.
Nevada Man Hastens to Overtake
MISTAKES HIGHWAYMEN
FOR TWO OF HIS FRIENDS
Mrs. Sartori was 45 years old. Her
husband Is of the firm of I. Sartori & Co.
of 411 . Taylor street. San Francisco.
The horse which caused Mrs- Sartori's
death was known to be very wild, and the
had been cautioned several times by her
husband and others againftt driving the
animal, but, being an expert horsewoman,
never feared any mishap. Mrs. Sartori
will be buried in this city on Monday.
Mrs. Sartcri at about 4 o'clock this af
ternoon had one of her horses hitched
to a road cart, intending to drive to meet
the California and Northwestern train
from the north, which reaches this city
at 5:05 o'clock. Her husband, who had
been on a business trip to the north, was
to arrive from Fairyille. When Mrs. Sar
tori started for the Fourth-street station
she had scarcely left her residence in the
West End before the horse she was driv
ing became troublesome, and when she
reached Fifth street the animal was un
manageable. In trying to run away the
horse shied to one side. Mrs. Sartori, un
prepared for the""m(we. was hurled vio
lently to the ground, her head striking
the stone curbing. Her skull was frac
tured in two places. The horse dashed
down Filth street at great speed, finally
colliding with a fence, where it was
stopped.
SAN RAFAEL, April 26.— Mrs. Victor
Sartori, a member of one of the most
prominent families in Marln County, met
with an accidental death this afternoon.
While driving a fractious horse she was
thrown from her vehicle with great force.
Her head struck the curb and she died in
a few minutes, without having regained
consciousness. .¦':¦'-_'¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
A Fractious Animal Causes*
Tragedy on a Street of
San Rafael.
Mrs. Victor Sartori Is
Hurled From Cart
and Killed.
HORSE'S SHYING
COSTS HER LIFE
, Adverting to the sad scenes incident to the
passing of our late President McKInley, the
Consul remarked that he did not believe It pos-
Fiblo for any people to display greater grief
tr<an that exhibited by New Zeaianders during
tlie ¦ end days that followed the assassination
of President McKInley. The Consul remarked
thai from the hour (Saturday afternoon) that
the 'cable announced the fact that the Presi
dent had been shot, his residence was crowded
with sympathizing friends and acquaintances.
This display of friendship for and Interest in
President McKInley continued at tha I Con
sulate during the days that followed, up to the
President's demise. . Thousands of . New Zea
landers called at the Consulate to express their
sympathy and to present resolutions adopted
by societies and organizations. These resolu-
DISPLAY, SYMPATHY.
Our people, as a rule, are too Indifferent to
the wishes of the average, colonial tradesman
In resard to filling orders, and making th«
styles of certain articles to suit the fancy of
the average New Zealander. New Zealand has
a wonderful career In store for It, providing its
rulers for the next decade are men of brains
and push, as they are at the present time.
Cl'matirally speaking, the North Island, . In
which Auckland, the former capital of the col
ony. Is situated, Is very like the Sacramento
and Napa valleys of California. Therefore, it
should raise ' large quantities of fruit, and
choice fruit at that; but because of want of
proper facilities they grow very little fruit
and it is of a very inferior quality.
For this reason Calif ornian fruit. men should
have no trouble in gradually, but surely, build
ing up an immense export trade to New Zea-
Knd. The fact that Mr. Spreckels, president of
the Oceanic Steamship Company, has inaugu
rated a new and first-class freight and passen
ger service to the antipodes, the ships being
fitted up with refrigerators and other ' appli
ances for preserving all perishable goods, la all
the greater reason why our fruit growers
should be able to dispose of their surplus
stock of fresh and canned fruits in the south
ern hemisphere. ; • .
During my five years' residence In New.Zea
land I have never seen a native seedless orange,
but during the last year I hare seen on exhi
bition in several Auckland ' fruit shops, a very
good display of our "California Navel
Oranges" and those who have eaten them are
very much pleased with them.
PEOPLE ARE TjlBIFPERENT.
He said that when he went to New Zea
land in 1S97 he found very few articles of
American manufacture, in any of the
shops of Auckland, or in the colony itself,
but since that year a great change has
come about. He said one may now visit
any of the Auckland stores and find al
most everything in the way of American
goods. Our exports to New Zealand, he
says, have more th?.n tripled during the
past four years, yet the ground has
scarcely been developed. Further dis
cussing the subject Consul Dillingham
Bald:
Th« new tariff which has recently, gone Into
effect Jn Federated Australia, or, the "Com
monw«alth" as It Is more commonly called. Is
creating a great deal of adverse • criticism
among the adherents of free trade. Especially
Is thla feeling observable in Sydney, a beautiful
city o» over half a million people. Prices have
advanced oharply since the port of Sydney be
came a part of tho commonwealth, and customs
regulations have been and are, being strictly
enforced. New Zealand is a great field for our.
exporter?. . ..•.'.">¦
HON. FRANK DILLINGHAM.
American Consul | to New Zea
land, Is a guest at the Occi
dental. He arrived on the Oceanic
Steamship Company's Sonoma on
Wednesday last. Consul Dillingham is
accompanied by his wife, who is a daugh
ter of R. G. Sneath of this city. He ex
pects to visit "Washington before return
ing to his post in New Zealand. The
Consul spoke interestingly of his observa
tions while" in the antipodes.
• SAN -DIEGO.-* April .26.— The United ' States
chip Ranger, arrived ¦ to-day, ¦ six > days from ', 1*
Pan/. Isovrer California, i where ¦ she ¦ has-been
m»klac. surveys. :<¦'. j . '. • ¦
CAIRO, 111., April 26.— Seven bodies were
recovered '.from ' the ~ City of I. Pittsburg
wreck i to-day. They ;¦: were identified as
follows : ; . -E. 1j. Blackwell, ¦; Boyle, Miss. ;
Ed ; Jones, ; Paducah, n Ky.; . John - Burne,
Owensboro, Ky.; w ' John;, Batts, first cook
"of * the I boati : r,The 5 others .were colored— a'
chambermald,>: cabini boy :" and '¦. a" roust-',
about.^Thirty-three- bodies have " so far,
been ' recovered. ; ;'i'; ; v:- • .- ;;y
Bodies Found in the Wreck.
STOCKTON,' JAprll 26.— Actuated by a
jealous : infatuation for a ; woman; John
Ellis 'Jr. attempted ; suicide,; early '£ this
morning in-a saloon by cutting his. throat
wiht a razor., Though he severed 'his
windpipe, 5 - he may recover.; Ellis and. the
woman < had '.-.been •: carousing -early, in the
evening, and when- she t trled' to leave him
he drew'a ' razor 'upon; her. She fgot-the
razor, away ".¦ from , him ' and , k threw.; it ?. Into
the. street, .but: later he found ' It and ;at
tempted: to, kill himself.*;" :' " ¦ :¦'
Lovesick]' Youth. Attempts Suicide.
BOURN COMPANY BUYS
NEVADA COUNTY MINES
Deal Said to Be Preliminary to ths
Establishment of a Great
• Power Plant.
NEVADA CITY, April 26.— The biggest
sale made in Nevada County 'in ten years
was consummated to-day. The majority
of stock in -the North Bloomfleld Mining
Company was transferred to the W. B.
Bourn Company.. It is said that the'eon
sldcratlon was more than $300,000. -Bourn
Is .president of . the v San Francisco "Gas
and Electric Company,, and it is said the
mine's npw owners will erect an Immense
electric plant in the mountains to transmit,
power, to : the metropolis.
.The property embraces the . Bloomfleld
hydraulic, mines, - which have produced
more .than $6,000,000; the Kate Hayes
mines; at Badger Hill, San Juan, Sweet
Land and French Corral, nearty one hun
dred-miles'of ditches 'and canals and the
Bowmans and Pine-Grove dams. These
are among. the most valuable waterways
in the Stated having a capacity of-several
thousand inches of water. Jr.W.C. Max
well, continues "as president of the. com
pany and George W. Starr, general man
ager. *¦ ¦ . " -. ¦¦ ; ' ¦ .¦ ¦ ' _
HANGS 'TO A: RING '
IN MAD, BUIiL'S NOSE
Sonora Man's Neck Is Broken After
He Is Dragged"Seventy
* Five Yards.
SONORA, April 26.— Victor ' Rocca was
.was killed .shortly, before noon to-day by
an infuriated Jersey, bull tln-a field ad
joining 'the Catholic ' Cemetery :at this
place. .When, attacked he grabbed 'the
ring r in, the bull's nose and cried for. help,
but was '.dragged seventy-five yards over
a rocky \road. •-His neck tjvas < finally bro
ken.': He'.was .39 .years, of age./: A 1 wife and
four , little • children . survive ; him. ¦ Rocca
was : chief ranger ; of the Italian Court ; of
Foresters.' /¦;,.'. ' :/•'.¦' ¦' -
Laborers Are in Demand.
. . SUISUN, April 2S.'— Considerable anxiety
is felt 'by i farmers '¦. and • fruit ; growers "tha t
there jwHl^be- a. scarcity..- of to
. work ! in *. the : orchards and I harvest 5 fields.
The,; crops < this year; promise' to exceed
those of : any previous ; year, in the history
of;.theicounty. ; Haying., has v, begun and
the ; T shipment , of '. cherries'. will : soon ; com
mence.Y'When'the harvestihgof fruit and,
grain V begins *; in 'earnest 'the .demand J for
labor •will: : .be' 'enormous.'.'; There :wilL be
work for all who may come and it will be
The pieces . of : boats, the compass and
the foghorn were -not /examined, and the
number of ; the compass and any. marks on
the ¦' boats § not obtained. The barrel of
rum, which was found by the Indians of
Goose | Island. ' was probably from the' lost
ship Ernest Reyer, which .went ashore off
the * Quinault River in November, when
carrying a cargo composed of French
liquors; / . -t
There is V no doubt • that the life
buoy brought down . on the Tees came
from the ..Condor, /for the , letters are
plainly shown ."H. M. S." on the. top
part and "Condor", on the lower, but the
other wreckage was not identified , and
little, description to enable identification
was obtainable. The salmon, previously
found was marked "D. T. H.," and j was
in half-pound Skeena River flats, a brand
which was shipped on the ship Red ilock, ;
which left Victoria on November 25 with
80,640 case* of t salmon, v That which has
now been .found was marked "U.- P. S."
and was in one-pound flats, with no label.
The mark on .the outside of the cases was
presumably that of the consignee.:; '
VICTORIA, B.-C. April 26.-The steam
ship Tees returned to port this evening,
bringing, another relic of the lost warship
Condor and news Indicating disaster to
other vessels'. . At Skidegate Captain
Hughes learned that the .coast was lit
tered with wreckage from Skidegate to
Masset. Indians' have found pieces of
boats, a compass, a foghorn, a speaking
trumpet . and • more salmon cases. Some
of the latter bear a different mark from
those that -came ashore some time ago at
Dead Tree Point, together with the name
board of the Norwegian ' ship Altavela
and other wreckage. At Goose Island, off
the ..Northern British Columbian coast,
Indians 1 have 'found a' barrel of; rum,
whioh" was washed ashorw. ' ; !
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Indicates a Sea Disaster
Not Previously Re-*
ported.
* The examination to-day was merely
formal. The prosecution put on just
enough witnesses to have Begerow held,
and* the defense made no showing at ' all.
Justice Cobb held \ the prisoner for trial
but refused to admit him to bail. It is
doubtful; if a conviction can be obtained
owing to the contradictory nature of ths
testimony.: ;f; , > . ' .
SAN JOSE, April 26.— For the sixth time
ex-Constable Fred Begerow, r who shot
and killed' Joseph Cech and August Ber
ger at the' brewers' picnic nearly two
years ago, had his preliminary examina
tion on a charge of murder before Jus
tice Cobb to-day. Five times the prisoner
has '., been tried In'* the'- Superior Court.
There were four disagreements of Juries,
and during the other trial one of the
jurors decamped. The case has been be
fore the Supreme Court three or four
times, rand on one occasion It ordered
Begerow released because he had not
been tried within the time fixed by law.
•Berger Must Again Stand
Trial.
Slayer of Joseph Cech and August
BEGEROW IS ABEAIGNED
•ir; FOR THE SIXTH TIME
receiving the full charge. Hongell was a
resident .of this city. 30 years old, and a
native of Sweden.
To Grow Tea in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 26.— Officials of
the Southern Pacific Company have be
come convinced that tea can be raised
profitably in Southern Oregon, and to
day General Freight and Passenger Agent
Miller sent a number of tea plants t->
Grants Pass. Medford. Ashland and Jack
sonville, where the Industry will be given
a thorough test.
WRECKAGE LINES
NORTHERN SHORE
From the city of Auckland alone 209 differ
ent Eocietlcs passed resolutions of sympathy
with ourreopte at that time, and thousands
of letters were received by the Consul from all
parts of the colony, while from Australia a
large number of cablee, as - well as letters,
were received. , , , -vj
On the day of "the late PresWentVinterment
memorial services were: held <!n Auckland and
throughout the colony. .These manifestations
of grief- were not confined to any particular
class but came from the people at large, irre
spective of nationality, ¦ creed or party?
tlons came from societies representing the
church, thr different commcrolai bodies, and In
fact all branches of trade. • '.
UNITED STATES CONSUL AT
\ AUCKLAND. WHO IS NOW IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
Lion says the syndicates are. anxious to
obtain control of: the electric roads of this
(•ty and. develop Borne suburban lines.
The railroad companies have not yet
given answers to the : proposals of the
syndicates.
The First street system is owned by the
German Savings Bank of San , Francisco
and contains about ten miles of track.
The San Jose and Santa Clara.Street
Railway, running between -the two' towns,"
is the natural link in an around-the-bay
line from San. Francisco to Oakland. It
has -a hranch running to Alum Rock
Park, a distance of seven ' mil es. -_
SAN JOSE, April 26.— Two syndicates
are bidding on the street car systems of
this city. The negotiations are being con
ducted through Gus Lion, who says that
the prices that the capitalists are willing
to pay have been named. Just who com
prise the syndicates he refuses to say,
further than that they are Eastern men.
The syndicates that are bidding against
each other want both roads, and will not
take one alone. .
Systems.
in Garden City Electric
Eastern Capitalists Seek Investments
TWO SYNDICATES BIDDING
FOR SAN JOSE RAILWAYS
Frank Gilbert, Floyd Uhden and Arthur
Googins have returned from Point Sur,
where they went with- a gasoline launch
to gather mussels for Tuesday's barbe
cue and mussel bake. One hundred sacks
of these luscious bivalves were brought
back ,-with them and are to De served on
the beach. Loads of redwood trees were
brought ¦ to town to-day, to be used to
surround the lablcs and serve as a bower
under which the bake will b^ served.
The lodgeroom of the Odd Fellows' Hall
was decorated to-day. The floor has been
covered with canvas and sprinkled with
sawdust. Two elegant paintings of the
old - custom-house at Monterey, by Miss
M. Evelyn McCormick, were received to
day, by Past Grand Presidents Mattison
and were hung on the walls of the room
where the sessions are to be held.
Delegates are slowly arriving, but by
to-morrow night nearly every one will
have reached . this city. All incoming
trains are to be met by members of the
executive committee, who are to act as
a reception committee. The delegates are
to stop at the various hotels. The St.
George, which is to be the headquarters
of the grand officers, and where most of
the delegates are to stop, is gorgeously
attired in bunting. s The entire front is
almost hidden from view and festoons of
golden bunting, spangled with silver
stars, arc very effectively draped.'
Everything, is in readiness for'-the re
ception of the delegates to-morrow.
Scarcely a business house is without the
red, white, blue . and gold streamers and
bunting, while from every flagstaff floats
the national emblem..
• SANTA CRUZ, April 26.— The Grand
Parlon committee met this evening for the
last' time and all preliminary arrange
ments for the Native .- Sons' gathering
were i completed. Nearly J2000 has beSn
collected from the citizens, to be used la
the entertaining of the guests. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
All Incoming Trains Are Ex
pected to Be Crowded
To-Day.
Vanguard of the Grand
Parlor Delegates
Arrives.
NATIVES TREK
TO SANTA CRUZ
THE SAN FRA"NClSc6 CALIi^ SUNDAY^ APRli 27; Ll902.
Consul Dillingham' of New Zealand Gives
Some Very Interesting InformationVAbout
the Business Conditions in Australasia
OPPORTUN ITI ES FOR TRADE
ARE GOOD IN ANTIPODES
19
The mild and immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing, cases. Swamp-
Root will set your whole system right,
and the best proof of this Is a trial.
I4,West 117th St., New York City.
Dear Sir:' . • • Oct. 15th. 1900.
"I had been suffering severely from kidney
trouble. All symptoms were ¦ on hand; my
former strength and power had left me: I could
hardly drag myself along. . : Even my mental
rapacity was giving out, .a.nd often I wished
to die. It was then I saw an advertisement of
yours .. in a . New York • paper, but ¦ would not
have paid any attention to. it had it not prom-
ised a sworn' guarantee with every bottle or
, your medicine asserting that your Swamp-Root
1 Is purely vegetable and does not contain any
1 harmful drugs. I am seventy years and four
'months old. And with a good conscience I can
iwomramd Swamp-Root to all sufferers from
kidney troubles. Four members of my family
have been using Swamp-Root for four different
ki(1n»y diseases, -with the same good results."
. With, many thanks lo y<rti, I remain. • -
. '. Very truly' y«urs. ¦ * .-'..
oV.V. • . " ROBERT BERNER.
Toil maJOiave'a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root,
sent free by mail, postpaid, by whieh you
may test its virtues for such disorders as
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases.
poor digestion, when obliged to pas»
your water frequently night and day.
smarting or irritation in passing. bricK-
dust or sediment In the urine, headache,
backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep-
lessness, nervousness, heart disturbance
due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
tions from bad blood, neuralgia, rheu-
matism, diabetes, bloating, irritability,
wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
of flesh, sallow complexion, or Bright s
disease.
If your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance. It is
evidence that your kidneys and bladder
need immediate attention;
Swamp-Root is the great discovery ot
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
der specialist. Hospitals ose it with won-
derful success in both slight and sever*
cases. Doctors recommend it to their
patients and use It in their own families,
because they - recognize in Swamp-Root
the greatest and most successful remedy.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
for sale the world over at druggists in
bottles of two sizes and two prices— flfty
cents and one dollar. Remember the
name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address. Blnghamton. N.
Y., on every bottle.
EDITOKIAX. NOTICE— If vou have the slightest symptoms of kidney or
bladder trouble, .or If there Is a trace of It in your family history, send at once
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. Y.. who will gladly send you by mail,
immediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women cured. In writing, be sure to say that you read
this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sick-
ness and suffering than any other disease, therefore, when
through neglect or other causes, kidney trouble Is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys
most, because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other or-
gans to health. A trial will convince anyone. '
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Will Do
for YOU, Every Reader of The Call-May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail. \
DR. KILMES'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Tnniini r Aim nniPT i/iinu/ it
TROUBLE AND DON T KNOW IT
/^ or No StriKe \^,
¦ M You can patronize our special sale just the same— if you
iff , don't want to come to the store ring up South 356 and your %
'jf 'oiier will be delivered at once* without extra charge. Always W
M open, always ready, always cut rates to all — everybody pays the 1\
/J// same here. This sale closes Saturday night, May 3d. |ft
Laxative Bromo Quinine — Malyina Cream , 30c '\\
<! ' ' 6 boxes 60c Regular 50c— our u»a«l price j$e. JH
. « . Rennet's Malt Extract 15c r\«
STwUk X VbffSSSEf fo&I Good for me B ,th and t» t... » th. «ft
h Sozodont. small 15c K ee g an ' $ Scotch Whiskey 95c «\
['•¦' This is the package th»t i» mide to Regular Ji.jo— direct from Scotland. jji I
VaJ ' sell at *5c— our usual price ioc. _ "^ . . . . . ,,_ s HI,»
ft Carter's Peroxide 15c Glycerine, pt. bot. 35c «y
"¦¦'If:. rjeruAiu* *> a saTing of 15c o»er regular price. Kg
\V - K Tl" 15cp " kl5e< m Allen and Duffey'sMalt f;M
\| Pears Soap . JOc WhisWevone of each $1.25 ///
\|s «A P a°t P K ' ? «t<S"l» doUar si*e of each. M
W Witch Hazel, pt. bot 20c Yvette Face Powder 25c -W
. . Wii As staple a. wheat and way below ' . Buy it this week aad y«« wUl txtjjjij
GLOVES!
GLOVES!
GLOVES!
FOR ONE OAY.ONLY
/ We place on»sale
Monday 250 dozen
Real Kid Pique
Suede Gloves
in shades of gray,
• mode, beaver. All
sizes, worth $1.50
pair, at
C/UC Pair.
Cor.. Sutler Street and Grant Avenue.
QUALITY
The Highest D gres of Excellence
Attested by the
Enormous Cain in Importations
Durins 1901 of
Moet&
Cfrcmdoii
OVER A
QUARTER OF A MILLION
Or. more accurately. «n increase of
-J * . *v w
Bottles over the year 1900. «qual tt> more tian
IOO PER CENT
if the combined increase of all the other charo-
rsgne houses.— Extract from Bonfort's Wlue
er.d Spirit Circular. January 10. 1902. ,
Moot & Chandon "WHITE SEAL" i» of
the celebratea vintage of 1883. pronounced by
the bon vfvaiit and <y>nnoisseur the acme of
jierfection — Dry, Delicate. Dellcioue.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS.
216-1S Mission street. S. P.
I J to make spectacles and I Jk j
T^Ei eyeglasses— we do noth- _u] '
O HOCUE-KINC LJ
|Pi optical co.. rn|
fi_Jj.2ilFGstSt..aScr£rsnt'ye- fg^-
I [_jl 1 T SLOANE>S : : ;: - '•' -~T:
I |EiE [ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE
1 I CARPETS.
I jSfaa Immense line of the highest grades of Body Brussels,
I /^8l?S formerly sold at $1.25" and $1.^0 per yard, now ..of -•:
l| ~w|%f fered at %\\iy 2 and $1.25 per yard: '
[| & %. High Pi'e Axminster, latest styles and colorings, reduced
I ___^ to $1.00 per yard.
I msm rr TTnitfC 1 Best Ta P estr .V Brussels, reduced from $ 1 .00 to 75c per yard. '
k XCElJl/l'liUfitJ ' Above prices are fcr the goods SEWED, LINED and LAID.
V IN EVE8Y ORTFNTAT DIHX
T DFDADTMFNT ,x, « , kvuj.
g ui^ifi^ix. 1 iYiL*n 1 We offer a large assortment at reductions varying from
I — : J 25 to 40 per cent.
Wo invite inspection of stock and comparison of prices.
I JjfeS' W .^ J. SLO^Nfi & CO. I
I c^ r Carpets. Furniture. : Upholstery.
I — -J 114-122 POST STREET, SAN FPANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Citizens Drive Out Bobbers.
CAIRO. 111., April 26.-The vault of the
First National Bank of Wickliffe, Ky.,
•was blown open by robbers at 2 o'clock
this morning. The sound of the explosion
awoke the citizens of the town, who-drove
the robbt's off, but did not succeed In
Liipturing them. The robbers, four in
number, did not take any money. '
Astor to Be Made a Baron^
' NEW YORK, April 26.-A '^isp?Ltch to
the World from London says: Latest of
ficial reports have ; It ; that William v Wal
dorf Astor will : be created") Baron Cleve
don of Tapiow next month. .
fioat Is Seen to Founder.
PUT-IN l BAY, ,- Ohio; ¦ .April 1 26— A , boat
was seen to founder, about a mile west I of
this i port this afternoon, .with I a * man
clinging, to. the rigging. Up to a late hour
to-night no further details. have been re-
Banish Strike , Is Spreading.
?j COPENHAGEN, April 26.— At a meeting
of the ; labor, unions held j hero to-day : it
was decided to order the extension of the
dock. laborers' strike to all Danish ports.
The unions are also preparing to -call out
the. dock draymen : and further embarrass
the, shipping interests. ' - •- •;; :«
Favorable to Colombia-
. COLON, April 26.— The Cartagena papers
publish the text or a decree recehtly is
sued in Bogota, the preamble of ;^hich as
serts that the prolongation «f the waV in
Colombia is responsible for the" serious
disorganization of the public service of
the country. All heads of departments
are therefore required by the decree to re
model their offices on business lines
News from the interior is favorable to* the
Government. • • ' j •¦¦•¦•£.•;>,
Special Dispatch 'to The Call.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev.. April 262 JoS eph
Alexander, a miner, known as ''Black
Alex,", shot "and fatally wounded .p.'«F.
Moliriary.'.: anothgr miner, at Kennedy,: a
mining camp, several miles south of this
place. The wounded man ; was ¦ brought
here for treatment, while Alexander ' has
taken to the hills, armed with a" shotgun
and threatening death to any one'who at
tempts to arrest him. A posse : probably
will be organized, and it is expected that
there will be bloodshed before the man
can be taken into custody. -
The dispute which led up to the shooting
occurred in a saloon, where the partici
pants and two other men were engaged in
a. game of cards. Both Alexander and
Mollnary called one another vile names,
,and. : the, former, drawing a revolver
struck Molinary on the head with • It*
Spectators interfered and tried to take
the weapon from Alexander, but he broke
away from them, and shooting at close
range wounded Mollnary in the left side '
The latter Is a powerful man, and after
being wounded made a desperate attempt
to gfet at Alexander, but was prevented.';
; A scuffle ensued, during which Alexan
der was disarmed. He went to his cabin
and,»getting a shotgun, warned everybody
to keep off his trail. He struck out v : for
the hills and his hiding-place ' is " not 't yet
known. Officers will be sent after Alex
ander, heavily armed, and j with instruc
tions to take him into custody at' all haz
ards, ''-v; >,.''¦.', . ' ¦ "•:• . : V ¦ • . .¦ .-•
_Both Mollnary; and Alexander , have
lived in Kennedy some years | and t have
had quarrels previous to this one. Alex
ander formerly, lived in Winnemucca and
is well known here. Only a short \ time
ago he , hadv trouble with a : man i named
Brown, and the latter was badly beaten
on the head; with a revolver. -. :•>•:-...¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 26.— News' of a most
important character concerning the polit
ical situation in Haiti, where serious
conditions exist as a result of the objec
tionable actions of President Simon Sam/
who, it is alleged, seeks to succeed him
self, in violation of the constitution of
the country, is contained in a letter Just
received by a gentlepian in this city from
a friend in Port au Prince. The news
comes from an uhuauahy. reliable source,'
but it is published with reservation, i V
It is declared that not only has : Presi
dent Sam given a syndicate of .German
capitalists valuable concessions in ex
change for financial assistance whereby
he may be enabled to carry out his plans
to retain office, but on March 15 a secret
agreement contingent on the retention of
Sam In office was arranged between Gen
eral Leconte,'. Minister of- Finance, and
certain Germans, who, it is said, directly
represented the Minister of Germany at
Port au Prince, whereby the government
of President Sam agrees to give to Ger
many exclusive use of Mole, St. Nicholas
for a naval coaling, station, or some other
point on the Haitian coast. -. ;'
.The important object which they 'are
trying to gain Is a; monopoly of • mining
in Haiti. Having been unable up to the
present time to attain that end in this re
spect they have hit upon a plan of help
ing President Sam or some of his . crea
tures to continue in office. The plan has
been going on for some time . between
President Sam and German capitalists
who duly reported to the German Minis
ter at Port au Prince all that transpired"
Finally on March 15 a secret agreement
was signed by General Leconte, the rep
resentative of the government capitalists.
Elevation, for Archbishop Corrigan.
NEW YORK, April 26.— A dispatch to
the World from Rome says: It is be
lieved in Vatican circles that Archbishop
Corrigan is to be created a cardinal at the
May consistory, together with Archbishop
Beguin of Quebec.
Warship's Sailors Are Arrested.
VENICE, April 26.— Five members of
the crew of the U. S. S. Chicago, which
arrived here April 14th, were arrested last
night by the police. The men were taken
into, custody because of an allegation that
disorder had been caused and a number
of windows smashed by drunken Ameri
can sailors.
Nevada Men Quarrel at
.Cards and' -One^is' '
7 Woundecip- r
Wife . Murderer Strangles Himself.
CLEVELAND, -Ohio,' April 26.— Martin
Lyiich, who was! arrested a, few days ago
charged'' with the murder of his wife, com
mitted suicide early to-day, in his cell at
the i County; Jail by hanging himself from
a | doorknob. :,.,In * order . to - accomplish his
purpose it was ."necessary for, him : to sit
down; on the floor. of- ljis^ cell' and slowly
strangle -himself to death-' '¦•'.•."¦.
Suspicious Political Con
ditions Exist ; in
Haiti.
GERMANS SEEK
NAVAL STATION
REVOLVER'S BARK
CLOSES DISPUTE
AN OBEGOIT EDUCATOR ;
IS CHOSEN CHANCELLOR
Dr. Frank Strong Is Going Prom
Eugene to the University of h
;..•'¦ '•-¦ Kansas.
XAWRENCE, Kans., April 26.— The'
; Board : of Regents of the University ¦ of
Kansas to-day elected Dr. Frank Strong
now president of the Oregon University at
Eugene, to the vacant chancellorship Dr
Strong will take up his duties next Sep
tember. He succeeds Dr. F. H. Snow,
who resigned a year ago on account of 111
health. The salary is $4500 a year. Dr
Strong was here and appeared before the
board.. He, said to-night that he liked his
(Oregon position, but the salary offered
jhere was better and he thought Lawrence
,a. better place than -Eugene in which to
raise. a family. ;The library at Eugene, he
added.'was very meager and he had some
'historical work on hand which he could
prosecute much better, here than there
Mrs. Carrie Hammer, who is said to be
a* daughter of "W. F/ "Wilson, the " well
known plumber, ended her life yesterday
by taking carbolic acid in a house at 19.
Seventh street.
The woman was discovered by a Mra
McMahon, who conducts the house. Sh«
was attracted to Mrs.- Hammer's room
by moans shortly after the noon hour.
and found the unfortunate woman lying
on a couch in agony. Mrs. McMahon
asked her what was the matter with her.
Mrs. Hammer replied, "I have taken car
bolic acid," and when asked why she did
so, incdherently answered, "Trouble,
trouble."
• Mrs. McMahon hurriedly summoned Dr.
Vaje and he administered antidotes to
the dying: woman. She lingered until S
o'clock last night, when she passed away.
Dr. Vaje Immediately notified the Morgue
and the body was removed there.
Mrs. McMahon was authority for the
statement that deceased was a daughter
of W. F. "Wilson, who resides at 1113
Turk street. She further stated that Mrs.
Hammer had been deserted by her hus
band and she had come to her house two
weeks ago. The woman also said that
Mrs. Hammer left a baby 18 months old.
. NORF.OLK, Va., April 26.— An American
system : of wireless -telegraphy, perfected
by R. A. Fessenden, working under the
direction of W. L. Moore, chief of the
Weather Bureau, was tested at Roanoke
Island to-day. It was established beyond
a doubt that by the new. system wireless
messages can be sent to vessels at sea for
a distance of over 200 miles.
The Government has a testing station
at Weer Point, on the northeast shoals of
Rcanoke Island, and another about seven
miles west of Cape Hatteras. The two
stations are fifty-three miles apart. The
Intervening points* are on Pimlico Sound.
The tests made by Professor Fessenden
show that the energy required for suc
cessful transmission over such brackish
water is about 360 times greater than
over salt water under the same condi
tions.
At each station a, mast 143 feet high 1%
ejected for the carrying of five copper
wires strung twelve inches apart.
The transmitting apparatus consists of
the usual induction coil common with
other, systems of wireless telegraphy, but
the receiving apparatus la altogether dif
ferent from that in use in other systems.
A telephone system is employed and mes
sages can be sent and received as rap
idly as by land wires and with far greater
rapidity than by cable. . :
Mrs. Carrie Hammer
Ends Her Own Life
- v With Poison,: :H^
Method of Wireless
. ,J; :
American Perfects the
WOMAN TAKES
CARBOLIC ACID
SENDS MESSAGES
BY NEW SYSTEM
Special Dispatch ' to The Call.
NOME, Feb. 10 (via Seattle, April 26.)
"Unlimited quantities of gold lie concealed
beneath the surface of the vast tundra
plains which skirt the Bering coast. Prac
tical investigation has proved this, and
there- is scarcely a shadow of a doubt that
from the tundra plains of this section
hundreds of millions of dollars in gold will
be mined in the years to come." . •
This is the statement made to a repre
sentative-of the Nome Nugget by J. XJ.
Picard, a mining engineer who has been
in Nome since 1900. Picard represents , a
New York syndicate, one of its members
being George D. Roberts.- T," > '
Since " the summer of 1900 investigations
of .the tundrar deposits have been pursued
under. Picard's direction. The work that
he has been doing has been kept very
quiet. Reports have been forwarded to
his company and Picard says:
Our company determined to know the forma
tion of the tundra, and - to ascertain ¦ its value
Mr. Roberts, who was here in 1900 and again
last year, was of the opinion after careful In
vestigation that extensive sold deposits would
be found there, so we began acquiring portions'
of '.the tundra, and the company now owns
eleven 160-acre tracts between Nome and
Penny River.
Fuel Right at Hand.
Last fall and this winter I have put down
a large number of holes to bedrock, using a
Keystone boring . drill for the purpose. The
section we prospected thoroughly extends be
tween Holyoke Creek and beyond the Wild
Goose railroad track. .
« The depth to bedrock I found varied from,
forty to eighty feet, and I also discovered
another fact: .,The gravel, which begins about
eight feet below the surface, is not frozen, as
I had supposed. I also found that what may
be called the surface deposit, about eight feet
in dentil, consists mostly of peat, which can be
used for fuel, thus setting at rest the question
of a fuel supply for the machinery necessary
to work the tundra on a large scale. The peat
therefore, will not interfere with the economi
cal operations of ¦ the machinery, as it can
be used for fuel, and thus a double purpose is
UJ The values are almost beyond computation
ihe depth to bedrock, as I have said, averages
from 40 to SO feet, with about eight feet of
peat. The rest I found to be a gravel deposit
carrying gold In- large . quantities. I found
¦raj* 1 aver a g lng 54 87 to the cubl(J °
n^ sS r! 2 i feet - *I n ano'her hole sunk it aver
aged $3 64; in another, ?6 10, while still another
showed an average value of $5. and one reached
La* m ftP 18 2° west av€ra ee to the cubic yard
was $3 64. Any one who cares to do so can
figure the amount of gold at these values there
is in an acre or a square mile.
Tundra of Glacial Origin.
Picard discovered another . interesting
fact which goes to . show that the sea
never at any time, so far as these\ depos
its show, covered what is now the tundra
back to the hills, as has been generally
supposed. After an elevation of sixty feet
is reached back on the tundra there are
no indications of sea sand. In Picard's
opinion the tundra deposits are the result
ojf glacial action. .
Picard has prospected the bottom of the
sea in front of Nome. This is what he
found: At a depth of ten feet, $7 to the
cubic yard; at twenty-two feet, $43 54
(but there was a small nugget in the lat
ter sample) ; at thirty feet, $11 25. The
lowest value he found was $2 to the cubic
yard. *' , . , : ¦
Picard's Company, will -work the tundra
on a large. scale, commencing next sum
mer. The bottom of the sea will also, be
made to give up Its gold, and this will be
effected by the running of a tunnel from
the shore out as far as it is desired to go
Expert Says It Will Yield
Hundreds or Millions
, ; ot Dollara
Treasure I Stratum Un
lies Vast Area in
-Nome District.- :/
GOLDEN FLAKES
IN THE TUNDRA
THE SA^rBAOSrCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902
Students Are Suspended.
BALDWIN, Kans., April 26.— Forty stu
dents of Baker University here have been
suspended for breaking into the gym
nasium Thursday during a basket-ball
game between the two ladies' teams of
the college. The officials say the offend
ers can be reinstated only on petition to
tha faculty.
20
A POSITIVE AND CERTAIN CURE
Eor ) Deaf h ess, Catarrh and Chronic Diseases
¦', ™*&*"l™^&l e 2^^ People, people y<m taow and can talk with.
•V^Sftffi^^ with their popular low fee . y .te»,
;:Fa^%^^^m^h -^a^ «&£
.... They . will' tell you whether or not you can be cured, and what it will cost to cure you. •
j^jffijm^ JUST THREE DAYS REMAIN
®a| public that there ia a VrS\rS atid^?S? e rema| n fn s: days of April, to prove to th«
curable) PERMANENT cure for CHRONIC DISEASES (that are
f«*& %%& IlL CTJR h ED° n FOR 'FIFTY' CENTS' medlclnes actua11^ u " d - MANY WILL BE
m : .*9r m £^cmffi^^S^a% e Iir * 5 for one
. T02 Natoma S^refttS^rancIsco. Cal. W^^tS^W poLnTn theYyZ^ *° CatarrhaI
/Mr. Hansen says: . VI am by occupation a W'^^J^ 2ti poison In the sjstem.
carpenter and cabinet-maker and have lived in ¦ «W/-/*<jLjl \l v" 1 consulted Drs. Shores & Shores and aft»r
this. city for..the past; fifteen years and 'a ¦ • . ¦ M§JrW* M *a' careful mm . n ,.,™ * fc . 7
sreat many people know me. I have been a JlMttt^ & t >! * x *f ll " atlon th «y Informed me that
great sufferer from chronic catarrh in the ' ' *»^W couia De entirely and permanently cured, and
head; my nose would atop up, first one side. '^sS^w l i*»«*" < £2§f ; I am very Slad to be able to sav that thev
then the other. I .would hawk and spit - have ke P t their word and I feel now that I am
a great deal, especially, in, the mornlns. I also -. .-W**: entirely cured •
had rlnginB in my cnr«. . MRS M A EMRTm-f »t •«, «,T7m .-. : ''
, "r have taken Drs.v Chores' treatment :*lx '^ ' ~. ¦, BUB /- •' • aman «>« resident In Oakland, and any
weeks,- and I> can-say it ¦- helped - me from . ¦' Lflt/HTn flirA/1 doubting: this statement is at liberty to
the first. I have Improved right alone. VWUHU. VUICU. call on me and I will Terlfy the truthfulness
My nose Is^ now . clear, no. more "Drs. Shores & Shores have entirely cured of this testimonial.
taTve'ry"^ 11 * 8PittinSr ' I feel better S^W^i 11^ EMBURY "iSIgied) MRg. M . A . EMBURT .
r."I take pleasure in recommending Drs. ShoreaV ,.; , U/P _-.•¦ "3S25 Howe St. Oakland. CaL"
treatment to all sufferers from chronic ca- _, -,_J'- r ' *A/t=. T^K<E/\T AND CURE:
tarrh, for their treatment has worked woni • _„, , V^ 8 * Shores not only cure Catarrh, but they successfully treat v7^ n ,,» r«« xrij
ders in my > case; . .: gey Diseases. Bladder Troubles, Heart Disease Diseases of^ thl D J seas . es> J^ ld *
"Any. one doubting this testimonial . Is at f'fW Diseases. Female CompIalntsVbSei^ iof^W<fmoT a .^n?° Wel S.^. UM -
perfect liberty to call on me. and I will gladly ?£ lnal Troubles. Skin Diseases. Deafness. -As thma. Bronchi t 4 £ ni l£ren. Rickets.
verify the truthfulness of . the same/ Diseases. Sciatica. Rheumatism. • Hay Fever. Slela hIIJE? ns Troubles. Ovartaa
¦"(Signed),. S. HANSfiN. M - Go I lt ™ (o T Bl S Neck). La Grippi. Blood Diseases Scrofula list Ma^^v ?" 3 "-
•¦•702, Natoma St., San Francisco, Cai." K 38 * >" PrlVate - DlleM - e> aDd a » to ™ 8^
*^~* ' j. _ ¦ - ' .'.'¦¦''¦ ' 4 •¦¦•.,¦ : ¦•¦•'.. : ":.¦¦••..'' .¦--¦¦•¦ ¦ ; . .
zz 45OO Yards This Season's Choicest Poplin Silk RQp VirH 3
g SI.25 Quality for • .. UC7U I aiU
£ l£jL!U AaaiIa TO-MORROWS SILK SALE will shatter all records. Thafs a quick and CAIC OC 3
•^ WTfillTU PntlllO sharp report and we don't blame you lor demanding an ' explanation. We're just OHLC Ml ¦ ZSm
~~ WB I In & Til ||N. on the threshold of spring— just beginning .the Great Silk season, when the largest .T™ 1 ".™ VI
• ¦ » UIIU WWUUwl Silk Importer of New York decided to close out his entire surplus stock of- POPLIN - Dl 101/ DFIfl 1 1101 OTU- "v"—^
—— ,-:¦•.- SILKS, and which we secured at almost one-half their usual wholesale rate. They • IlL fllllv nnllfllllli I III -^m
g— Our counters and shelves are filled now so to you on tne s am * basis — namely — one-half price, it's an unprece- w».nwi% uuunuukuiii _^ m
... ,. " . . c »iri •. dented offerlns, that should crowd the department to the utmost. These Silk Pop- ««J ¦ IirilPTI I lin " *^^
•^. With the greatest vanity Ot White lins are one of the most pooular silks in the market to-day— very soft and cling- 9 fl fl VrNrTIANN ZZ
St^ Goods shown bv anv house in this lnp- of a brilliant luster, very desirable for evening and reception gowns, dressy UIIU I MIL. I inllVli ;^
«~- «ru« . "i n ' „",!•„ ,. waists and skirts, and come In the following coloring, such as White. r% f\ -,,»;, , -.r • ~*
¦j- City. inose most prominent are Cream. Pink, Light Blue. Maize, Cardinal, Lavender, Royal, Green and LZ ti f% ¦ 1200 yards of Aii-Wnni 'Venetians -£
•_• Madras. Oxford Cheviots, Lace . Gray, a prand opportunity to secure^^ to-morrow this season 1 s finest \j<j\j ! and Br-oadcloths a verv hi«?h o-rade ~*
y- c tr ; n «,H n; n .; t :« P,nii M /"enff fir. ?1.25 SILKS at the remarkable low price o£ Yard - w V a^ery m^n Rraue .^
i S^SMraSSffi NEW $1.00 GBEPE DE GHIkE SILK, «a^ ft^C ¦ pfi^f^ifppSl
. J-. Pans Lawns, etc., the ideal dress and „,„ quaUtles of this beautiful , Crepe de chine and .the pWt va- ° Yard to selbaV$n25 a:yard; .-
*•— Waist taoriCS, at riety of pretty colorings are unsurpassed. Those . on. gale Jo-morrow • '¦M6"ridav ; and Tnp<;'c1av nur «:npria1
fc IF P»/\ rw ar e entirely new-have just been received from the makers, and the SILK Is the •" X o ' >uesaay, our Special =5
5- i'lr. Zjf. "liCSIlr rl^r identical one retailed. in other stores at $1.00 a yard. In fashionable colors of Light • P"Ce,v .; '..> ¦ .
i^/V) *K/v.^^V/jvivt)U^W) BluCt pink. Lavender. Maize. Cardinal, Rose, Tan Brown. Royal • Turquoise, Re- .- ' 1\f\ TT ,• ¦¦ "1 -^
S^ 7^C anti S\l a Y^rH eda ' Whlte> Cream and Black— an exceptional fine Silk; special price..... 85c yard - "" 'M rS {*'-¦£ Y'^'YTl
E New Light- Weight Dress Goods. %
5^: Our ereatly enlarged Dress Goods' Department will be a source of Interest and Our line of Wash Goods are ..recognized as tha choicest and: daintiest "in San "^«
¦?- profit to hundreds of shoppers to-morrow, for It will show Dress Goods of practically Frajicisco. .This department carries more than double the assdrtmenf of past sea- -^
every description. Here are materials for light summery Gowns. They are all fresh sons, and the big business we are doing : is: ptoof- that our prices are always the
w*~ and new. and all are surprisingly modest in price. Most prominent you will find lowest. The following are some of the most Interesting lines, those that are mostly Jm
j^; ALL WOOL. ET AMINES, PARIS VOILLES, SILK and WOOL CREPES, SATIN in demand and that everybody wants— OXFORD CHEVIOTS. MERCERIZED GING- >— ' •
w— PRUNELLAS, BROADCLOTHS, etc.. in all the leading shades, including. Black. HAMS, COTTON CREPES, EMBROIDERED SWISSES, LINEN BATISTES, GREN- "2
g— . priced at ?1.OO. $1.^5. ?1.5O and 9S.OO a yard. ADINES. DIMITIES, etc.. In a most bewildering variety of colorings and designs
£ PHENOMENAL ALBATROSS BARGAIN FOR MONDAY. p nr [UlhnflAV— fifiM Yarfl<5 '1^ Irkh nimiflPQ fnr 3
5: 3000 rards All-Wool Albatross, in All Colors, 50c Qucliiy. Monday Only •"• mUilUdjf— DUUU I diJLiO ¦¦ :.I3U If Idll UllillllSd lUI
*£. We nav e b«en extremely fortunate In securing a very fine lot of C% o/ 1 Th e biggest Wash Goods special offered by' any house this season. f\n -^3
.^ All Wool Albaiross, the regular 50c quality, which. go on sale for /<>% v IRISH DIMITIES— a shear and fine corded sfimmer fabric^' 'in ;v.a great Vl « -<»
gr- to-morrow only, at 3Sc yard. E^ery prominent shade is repre- \JKJ V-.j variety of choicest designs; scrolls, igtripes,; spots,;- and many others,, in ¦ %J v«.J CS5
jL. S. ented - fuch *« Light Blue. Pink, Lavender. Nile. Cardinal, Sage, . ¦ La ' fu the best colorings; the regular.' 15c quality. , Remember, none sola after- *»"Q
a_ Tan, Gray. Royal. Rose. White, Cream and Black.. Monday, and no samples given.' On sale for Monday only, this season's best 15c -^
2^*~ An unprecedented Monday bargain at ¦ 3Sc Yard Dimities for .*..'.. i ;:'...:'.'.'. ..i»i;.'. '¦', ':'.v.;. ...Oc Yard ""•
fc GREAT APRIL SALE OF : THE EMBROIDERY SALE OF THE YEAR I 3
BLACK VELVET RIBBONS. 8000 Yafcjs 25c and V35q EMBROIDERIES for -3
S^ , r a 1 ' *•. . j. This will be the .Ernbrplderj- ¦ event of 'the entire season, an" oc- '¦ -J /^P -^
"— « - iw y S? «* . greatest money-saving opportunity, and which will be of casion when you can, pick from the chbipest and ,newest patterns i- 1 fr\ V ; _^_
S^- ™if™ e aS n °«J7. < ' M in need of Black Velvet Ribbons. Whether you of this Spring. The immense lot was purchased '-by our New York \l± \J y- r n\
*~- « J 15?. < H, U f many whol « Pieces thUr event is full of promise. buyer from a St. Gall; manufacturer af half and less than,.half - * ard ~^!
S^ ?uaTit^war^ntet^ U r1 Sik. &n . V™ pieCe Is °, f the first " P rlce - * The designs are incomparably beautiful;. All are new and original and dls- =3
••— half thV T^SS-^lfln^r nrW 8atln - back ' whIch on sale to-morrow at almost one- tinctly desirable. .There are the finest Cambric,; Nainsook. Edges.' Insertions and Gal- . -•
,£_ half the regular selling price. loons, From .4 to 8, inches wide. Embroideries : that are positively 'worth 35c. S2
J^7 No. I — 35e a. piece; regular value 60c. No. 7 — 15c a yard or JJ1.4O a piece JJOc and 25C ayatd to-morrow ;. .....;.... ..................... I.. 16c Yard —^i
E no! i=?^ c a 8 S; o° r r % a gS gj g?a* Incts 3d§' 1^ I JSd". New Valenciennes .Laces-on/Sale To- Morrow. 3
<%Z- I yo- 5— 12c a yard, or $1.15 a piece. No. 4ft-(3yj inches wide).' 30c a yard. S500 Dozen Specially Priced at 20c, 25c, 35c and 5Oc Dozen. rS
I Effective Styles in Spring Suits, Skirts,^Waists and GoMs.i
£ u'o^to'becorle ?n£££ S2SnJ U & ne"w 7^°* *** ¦ '" P^rticulariy desirous that you/see.these-we want you . to visit the Department.
Q4 T.50 3^™?! 1 fH r^ S a ln B , lac £- CPOn 00 LADT^R'-ETOIT SUITS in hand-. m-Af^;nn A ««»t Variety of Gibson Suits, Blouse. =3
m^- bans, orana value »l«.3O each Spring colorings and Black. Elegant value at. .$20.00 each graceful. Special.. $25.00 a BUit 13
A SPFRl/l IN nRF^9 Ofi U PFTTirflATQ BIG SILK WAIST SALE TO-MORROW.
£. A orcuif.L in cILK Uncoo ONlnlOi qjlU.UU olLI\ rLI BllAJAJo .300 new $6.00 waists for; 12
ZZL I fc S e n! fT-!j! .w 11 ?^)? ? ost . traceI » 1 fl*OA 00 Ever y Petticoat in this' lot shows the ft*/** Q^ We have planned a big Waist Sale on mn a-
t i^XiSS^ T^fi^tTt tn^f, Jf^t JhZlr best of workmanship; a very heavy . Mf f-k W 0 our new second floor to-morrow, which you . QZQ 9D 13
iledS'hemrt^hMMeti a^P M « U Eld rustimg Taffeta has been used for them. CpU Eao }. don't want to miss. These Waists are d)Or,,l,
o^ 'ucKea ana nemst-.cnea ianeta ana mu ' ««w« and are made wlth double ruffles, extra T Xittoa made -of' a superior Taffeta eleirantlv L&CB. ~2
| a^iSaa^&fflSSfSHa p^BSSI^|i i^liH^S-^^Hli
£ 01R big SALE OF mislin liMDERWEAR. Special Offering Sfieets : and Pillow Cases.
£ LADIES' GOWNS. UDIES' GOWNS. LADIES' DRAWERS.^ Rlfi NFW 3
S; 89C 5«?™"fll1S"? ROC g«»-I*ai™ - «M» Pine- EACH— Ladle.' Cambric '.'.".* V-ll ¦ •' , . _ . „ " =*
E iM^f TO^^r^ 2 S2S ,rs?se LINING SAIF ALPACA WAISTS '3
are well worth $1.25 each. of embroidery Insertion. Great cisco for this price; trimmed with LlllU^HJ O/\H_. . . ¦ •.^ ¦ --•
ZZ 25 DOZtN NEW COc each hemstitching, lace and embroi- To crowd this department we At $2.50 31)11 $3.00 EaCll, =5
% RIBBON CORSETS LADIES' SKIRTS. * CORSET COVERS, « WMlSM^^ W^SB^SbS^
E Win ta al^rOl00 98C «S«£SS*S5SSll5 S^lnd^ck/U^^^^^^^^
e i^^^-^SrH E5e c v^ b t r o % s h^- f - ra^ SSr c i»ss^ c sPi^sa-' 0^ ii^l^^lp^?r3
ZZ j -J COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT *^TF"T1~N " , ? each 'SS
£ Sslc Of B^ItS. J^^^a S 0 *^ Q$L^, a ' mmense Hosiery and =2
that e lre a "orth 2 hSTls^OO Rf|P J^M f^WMm^ MM M MM / £/J mJI St/***S T * sv>eclaX inducement to Underwear
each. All of them are the very JU " E&'ff ' BJBfflBmJBwSM/MWjffUrdi W ] bu >^ rs we will place on sale 200 —
£ latest creations In Moire. Silk and Each r^^^J^WS W^sf 9^ WV r « r v. J dozen Ladies' Fast Black Cotton Hose, the =^
£- Tucked Satin, beautifully shaped, have "^^^•^^^*n B ,. &&* _^<*^r "°° ffrade for l&c pair
Jeweled and Harness Buckles.' A great . 1 *V» '^Jt». WiJILW JJ J!![i^'^^ t,}^°. dozen Llsle Vesta, in Blue, Pink and
variety to choose from at 5Oc each White;, regular value 25c; on sale at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJDVEBTISEMENTS.
I Friedman's Furniture J
Blue and Gold,
Fawn, Ivory, Pink, Apple Green, La^ vender,
Flemish, CreaniL, Moss, and White a^nd Gold:
All these and mta-ny more
art combinations of color among our hundreds of 1
difFerent designs of Medium Priced Metal Beds. 1
The Making of Bedroom Beauty. I
A few dollars buys a handsome bed, but when extreme taste demands g
more cmbelishment and rarer materials we have them in massive, polished S
and dead finish brass and enamel in a wide range of price up to $150.00. fl
But we have Enameled White Metal Beds that are i
strong and durable, in all the sizes for as little as— T *V £* 1
Every house haLS need for at least one such bed. * / ||
J . "The Credit Ho uscV Six Stories.HisK. |
233-235-237 Posf Street. Phone Private £x 37 I
. v ¦ . San Fraacisco, Sunday, 27 April, 1902.
Dollar seventy five
We sold dozens of these 'iron bedsteads last
summer for use in country and suburban homes. .
Expect to sell hundreds this summer.
Equipped with side rails and casters and enam-
elled pure white. Height of head, 35 inches
— of foot $2j4 inches. Double and three-quarter
sizes to choose from — $1.75. Picture shows
exact design of bed.
Miscellaneous store notes. Our salesmen are
quite enthusiastic over the new upholstered
parlor furniture now coming in on the fourth
floor. Come and see it.
" Costumers," sometimes called clothes trees.
Handy for the bed room or the hall. Easily *
moved about. In imitation mahogany or golden
finish, 8 brass hooks, $1.50. In mahoganized
birch, 12 brass hooks, $7.50. In maple, 12 brass
hooks, $12.00. In golden oak, 12 hooks, $12.50.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.).
957 to,977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.' A special train under, the direction of a Joint
committee - of the . commercial^ bodies . of San
Francisco. ; carrying^, business . men only, , will
leave Market-st.' Ferry at 0:30 p. m.. May S,
via the : Santa Fc ' Rate ' of one- fare for , the
round trip baa been made and parties* desiring
to loin this party should make, arrangements
at once. The train will go via the Santa Fe and
return via the.S.. P..' thus touching all Impor
tant polnU In the San Joaquln Valley. Itlner-,
ary and other information at Santa Fe", Ticket '¦
Business Men's Excursion.
Judge rDuiine "Imposed : sentences upon
four defendants, yesterday who were con
victed ;of - petty, offenses by" Juries In ; his
cou rt. Thomas Hogan, who' was tried • for
assault to murder for shooting at Police
man ' F. Callahan In September last, dur
ing the strike, and -who, was convicted of
Eimple assault, waa sentenced to five
months In the > County . Jail. . A" like sen
tence was imposed upon John Kennedy,
tried for. robbery In ° holding up W.; H.
Cowan , on the ' Barbary Coast and , con
victed of petty larceny. Fernando. VHlo»
tried for ' assault : with - a '¦ deadly , weapon
and convicted of simple assault, was sen
tenced to sixty days In the' County Jail.
George'.. Caldarellai tried; for assault' to
murder for shooting at his uncle, Philip
Caldarella, last - November and . convicted
of simple assault, was fined $100, with the
alternative ' of fifty ¦ days in ' the . County
Jail. . .
Four Prisoners Sentenced.
Supervisor Loughrey said the unions
would object to detailing policemen tp
run ; the engine, and .Commissioner New
hall said that the boat would save twen
ty-five men on the land watch. Wittman
also urged the building of a brick stable,
at a cost'of $5000/ which would save $3500
per year in rents, and requested that his.
men be relieved from doing repair, work,
and an allowance made bo the Board of
Works could do the work. The commit
tee took the estimate under advisement.
The members of the Police Commission
and Chief Wittman appeared before the
Supervisors' Finance Committee yester
day to urge that the various appropria
tions asked by the commission- for the
conduct of the Police Department during
the next fiscal year be granted. The com
mission made a special plea that 184 addi
tional patrolmen be provided for. Chief
Wittman' explained that the proposed in
novation of eight-hour watches, was pos
sible. only with the number mentioned. If
the Auditor's recommendation for 100 ad
ditlonallpatrolmen were accepted It would
be Impossible to properly police the city
in' certamTdistrlcts. Wittman said:
'TJnderitbe charter we should be al
lowed 800 - policemen, but we will have
only 693 in. all if you grant our request.
It Is 'a fact that we have had policemen
do painting, plumbing and ¦ carpenter
work, but we were compelled to do so be
cause no funds were provided for the pur
pose. -We absolutely need a patrol boat
• to watch property on the water, front, and
! we will man her with. policemen from the
i harbor station who have been engineers."
Commission Makes Request of Super
visors' Finance • Committee ' for \
Generous Appropriations. -
TTRGES BIG INCREASE IN
NUMBER OF POLICEMEN
Palls Into Irrigation Ditch.
RENO, Nev.. April 26.— James Wilson, a
blacksmith, -was found .dead In an Irri
gating ditch this' morning. Ha had been
drinking heavily for two weeks and It is
believed ha fell Into tho ditch accident
ally.
A Day of Rejoicing.
To-morrow . (Monday), beemnlns at 9 a. in., 5
there will be placed on sale 100 casea of ladles'
and men's fine shdes. consisting of "Sorosls."
Benaud, Douglas and other popular makes for
$1 £5. These are the balance of the Gilbert
stock from Eugene, Or., and are from $3 50 to
$5 00 a pair. 324 Kearney street. *
Corona Club Election.
The following named have been elected
officers of the Corona Literary Club of
the Mission, the election having been held
under the Australian ballot system for
the first time:
Mrs. E. G. Dennlston, president; Mrs.
Fobert M. Lellan first and Mrs. L. R.
TuttTe, second. vice president; Mrs. W. R.
Dalton, .recording' secretary; Miss Helen
Bryant, corresponding secretary; Mrs.'.W.
C. • Doane, treasurer (re-elected); Mrs.'
Frank Dalton, Mrs. H. M. Stevens, Mrs,
"William Wallace, Mrs. John H. Bullock,
So admirable. were the arguments and
so deftly handled were they ¦ that the
judges. Dr. W. B. Howard and. Professor
L. T. Hengstler, were in long deliberation
before coming to a conclusion. > : "-;.:?. 1
Ultimately,- Judge F. Dunne, the referee
of the debate, announced that for indi
vidual excellence of treatment of . the
argument, George Presley of the Hum
boldt School carried off the honors, but
the judges had concluded ¦; that . the Lin
colns had presented the best general aver
age,'therefore the decision was in favor
of the negatives. . .
The debate on both sides was powerfully
carried through, the speakers showing an
intimacy witti the Intricate subject that
would have been worthy of well-informed
parliamentarians. ¦
The question before the house was, "Re
solved, That the Filipinos should not be
given their immediate .. independence."
Those who'argued "in the affirmative, rep
resenting the Humboldt School, were:
Thomas Forsyth, Frederick Dunstan and
George Presley. The negatives . . (Lin
coln's) were Walter Trefts,- Edward J.
Rellly and Robert S. Lawlor.
. The debating societies of the Humboldt
Evening High School and of the com
mercial department of the Lincoln Even-
Ing School met in parliamentary discus
sion last evening in the auditorium of the
Girls' High School.
Lincolns and Humboldts Debate.
Manson F. s MeCormick, J. F. English and
Charles D. UcComish of Leland Stanford Jun
ior University, M. E. Deutsch, F. F. Goodsell
and C. F. Stern of the University of California.
The executive committee of the Inter
collegiate Debating League is composed
of the following named: .
James Moffitt gave a prize of $200 to the
victorious team. The Berkeley boys . won
the first debate for, the William R. Hearst
cup, which goes to the university winning
the first three debates.
The speakers from, the University of
California— Max Thelen, Walter Roth
ctild and Ralph S. Pierce— took the af
firmative side of the question, and Her
bert C. Jones, George W. Leistner and
Fletcher B. Wagner of Stanford argued
for the negative. The debate was opened
by Max Thelen of the U. C. team and
closed by Walter. Rothchlld of the same
team. Each speaker was allowed twenty
minutes, the affirmative having ten min
utes additional in which to close the ar
gument. John F. English of Stanford and
F. M. Allen of U.'C. acted as timekeepers.
Team work, individual eloquence and a
clever setting forth of -convincing mate
rial won for the University of California
at the Metropolitan Temple between
picked teams from Berkeley and Stan
ford. While the Stanford boys put 'up a
fine fight, they were unquestionably ex
celled in every point. The* hall was
crowded, a crowd of U.'C. rooters occupy
ing the lefthand side of the balcony, the
Stanford men holding the righthand side.
The boys kept the ball in a state of ap
plause preceding the entrance of- the de
baters with their songs, yells and witty
sayings.
"When the decision was announced the
noise arising from the U. C. sympathizers
would have made Market street on the
night of the tie-up take a back seat.
The judges were Judge M. C. Sloss,
Judge R. C. Harrison and Judge. F. J.
Murasky. The decision was announced by
Judge Harrison five minutes after the
close of the debate. The decision was, in
accordance with the "extracts from inter
collegiate debating agreement," obtained
by balloting without previous discussion.
President Jordan presided, and although
he requested the v audience to refrain from
interrupting the speakers, the people could
not at times contain themselves.-.
The question for debate was:
Resolved, That the Southern States should
grant the suffrage to the negro In accordance
with the spirit of the fifteenth amendment;
provided, that all question of the constitution
ality of the negative's position be excluded.
Work.
Excel Cardinal Speakers in
Individual and Team
NAPA. April '26.— The application of ¦
Frank Matthai, who killed George Stan
ley of Oakland In this county a few years
ago in a dispute over a mining claim in
Chile* Valley, to be admitted to ball pend
ing his second trial has come up for hear
ing in the Superior Court on several oc
casions and has been continued from tlmo .
to time at the request of the defendant.
Matthai was convicted of manslaughter
and sentenced to serve five years in San
Quentin. He appealed to the Supremo
Court and was granted a new trial by
that • tribunal. - "When the case was re
turned to this county for another trial
Matthai applied to be admitted to bail,
and . after giving the question careful
consideration Judge Ham decided to grant
the defendant's request and bail was fixed
at J5C00. Up to the present he has only
been able to obtain bondsmen In the per
sons of his two sisters. Misses Rose and
Louise Matthai of San Francisco. Dis
trict Attorney Bell will not accept theso
sureties.
The case was called in court again yes
terday, and at the request of the de
fendant's attorney, "Wallace T. Ruther
ford, was continued until Monday morn
ing for further consideration.,
District Attorney Bell then made 'a
startling: statement in court. He said
that he desired to bring to the notice of
the court the action of the Matthai sis
ters. . He said that they had sworn In '
court that they, or their family, owned
property in Tehama County worth $10,000.
whereas upon investigation he found It to
be valued at about $300; that they had :
sworn to the possession of property in
Butte County worth $10,000, which, ha
said, he had ascertained had some time
since been sold to the State for taxes. '
Such action, he declared, was an imposi
tion on .the court which came very near
perjury, and he desired to warn Ruther
ford,, their attorney, that in case of sim
ilar conduct in the future he might find
it necessary to proceed against them for
perjury; that he would not accept any of
the Matthais as sureties on any bond.
District - Attorney Bell made a special
trip to Tehama and Butte counties early
in the week to investigate the property,
there and filed with the clerk of the court
affidavits of citizens of those counties in
support of his charges. ,
This new phase In this murder casn
and the persistent fight the Matthai sis
ters are making for their brother's free
dom are watched with Interest by the
citizens of Napa County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Charges That They Commit
ted Perjury in Attempt
. to v Free Brother.
Napa'a District Attorney
Threatens the Misses
Matthai.
Stanford.
Blue and Gold Carries Off
Honors at Meet With >
Nearly OheiTHousarid Members of the Efae
ternity Attend^ Pleasant Outing Under
v Shady Trees by the Side of Paper Mill Greek
HE Odd Fellows^ and Rebekahs of
¦ 'II * - an TFrancIsco . and a . number v of
1 ";those of .^Oakland 7 joined yester-
UL day in celebrating the j- anniver
. sary of the foundation of : the or
der by an , excursion to and picnic ¦ at
Camp Taylor under the auspites of : San
Francisco Canton No. 5/ Patriarchs | Mili
tant.* From Sausalito a train. of thirteen
cars conveyed x the excursionists,'number
ing about 1000. Three cars were specially
reserved for Fidelity Lodge No.'; 222, and
one in which . rode • the officers : was '. in
teriorly decorated with ribbons of the
colors of the order contributed' by Mrs.'
W. W. Watson, past noble grand of Mis
sion Rebekah Lodge, the .wife 'of .Past
Grand Master Watson.- The two others
wene decorated; with roses and^ferns. . ¦
.- Anter, luncheon : on the 'green' sward
dancing -began in the pavilion and. lasted
until . 3 o'clock, when a number of ¦ sou
venirs were distributed to the* children 'of
Odd Fellows by Captain, C. H. Kornbeck,
the master of ceremonies. This , was ". fol
lowed by a number of races, of which the
following ; named were the winners :. ¦ ¦ . -; .
Young: men's race — Joseph Phillips.
Young- women's race — Miss Ayers. ' ;
Youns ladies" race — Emma Archer.
Married ladies' race — Mrs. H. A. Hamilton.
Men's race— Frank Macbeth. •-' -*•
Encampment members' race-rF. L. ¦ McNew.
Pat ladles' race— Miss Mattle Thompson.
. Canton members' race — C. F. Phillips, v- w ; :
..Fat men's race — F. J. Hurst. ' .
Girls under 12 years' race— Llllie Miller.
• Boys under 12 years' race— Harry North and
Harvey Spiece. " ¦¦.¦.: V. . -¦
Girls under 8 years' race — Irene Brown " and
Clara Trowbriase. . ¦ : •.
Old maids' race — Sarah Draffln.
Young ladies' race— Lulu • Boarman.
Married men's race — Jack Skelly. .^
Small boys' race — F. E. Brown.
Rebekah's race — Ada Laurence.
Free-for-all race—^F. L. Turpin Jr. ...
One of the . features of : the • dance pro
gramme was the ladies' '¦' quadrille, in
which none but ladles filled the sets.
Fidelity Lodge on the trip to the grounds
presented each of its members and guests
with '. a pretty souvenir : button *..;¦ bearing
upon its face crossed American and Odd
Fellows' flags and the name of the lodge.
On the - trip to the ; camp Past Grands
James A. Wilson, Dr. C. L. Ziegler, C.
F. Phillips and a corps of old-time offi
cers took,.poss'ession;of one end of a car
and : conferred a side degree on a large
number of Odd Fellows who never before
had taken it. AH who did take it came
out smiling and urged. those who wanted
j their money's worth to pay the initiation
fee of 10 cents and receive the sign and
grip of the jimwilson degree.
The outing was one of the most suc
cessful and pleasant that the Odd Fellows
have ever had. The committees were:
Arrangements — Major C.' E. Benedict (chair
man). Captain C. H. Kornbeck (secretary and
treasurer), James W. Harris (P. G. P.), W. W.
Watson (P./G.P.), E. H. Black. Br.C. H
Stinson, A. 'H. Breckwoldt, C.'F. Phillips ! J.
H. Foster and G. W. Fahrner.
-Publicity — General H. O. Brower, W. ¦ -S.
Potter and J. A. Foster. -..¦>>
Music — Captain C. H. Kornbeck, General J.
F. Crosett and John Deas. . '. ¦ ' •
Games — John Thompson, U.- S. G. Clifford,
H. H. Dobbin, T.-B. W. Leland, F. L. Turpin,
H. B. Larson, Charjes C. Paradls. H. H. Vel
lano and Robert W. Jones.
Floor — N. M. Petersen (manager). Dr. C. L.
Ziegler, ¦ A. H. Breckwoldt. John. F. Brown,
F. P. Duley and W., E. ; Dubois. . ¦ • <
Children's prlzeE — James W. Harris. Melville
P. Forbes, G. H. TOllson, Dr. N. E. Van Meter
and Janies A. Lemon. • /
MERRY ODD FELLOWS ENJOY THEIR
PICNIC UP AT CAMP TAYLOR
BERKELEY WINS
ANNUAL DEBATE
SAYS HUSBAND
SCORNED HER
Alfred O. Rulofson's "Wife
Secures a Di
vorce.
Says He Mad e Her Life Mis
erable by Repulsing Her
"': Advances. :
To be told that she has become a source
of : annoyance and '.: irritation to a man
upon :. whom she '• has , lavished her affec
tions ; for almost : three decades is a fate
reserved 1 for. few women.- ~ One of the few
is Mrs. Julia Rulofson, former wife' of
Alfred i C. Rulofson, buyer for the firm of
Baker & Hamilton and putative heir of
the wealth of the late Captain Winslow
G Hall. Under the kindly ? cloak of the
legal phrase "incompatibility of teniper"
Mrs. Rulofson sought relief, ; and in the
divorce court she was freed from a yoke
which for several years has been solely
the means of making her life miserable.
The divorce was granted by Judge Heb
bard yesterday. \>
Rulofson did not appear to contest the'
suit, - though in \ his answer to . her com
plaint he denied all the allegations made
by his wife. Mrs. Rulofson appeared in
court, accompanied ,only by her lawyet
and Mrs. Clara Reading, her married
daughter, whose .testimony concerning the
disposition of. her father corroborated
that of her mother. Mrs. Rulofson was
visibly affected " as ' she took the witness
stand to tell of her husband's cruel treat
ment. . She ¦ sobbed': hysterically and wa3
only prevented .¦ from breaking down
through the kindly efforts of her attorney
and the soothing words addressed to her
by Judge Hebbard and Mrs.- Reading.
Composing herself as best she could she
told the following story: .
I was married to Mr. . Rulofson In July, 1873.
"We lived happily for several years, but I soon
noticed a change In his treatment of me. He
became irascible, fitful and ill-tempered, ami
when I sought to show him any wifely atten
tion he would fly into a rage and revile and
vilify me. ' I tried to win back his love, but my
efforts seemed to cause him displeasure, which
he vented before his family.
On February 16 of this year he left home on
a business trip and on his return, about the
first <)f March. -. I • again tried . to regain my
place In his affections, but' it was all to no
avail. ¦ He told me that he no longer loved me
and that I had become distasteful to him. ' He
told me also that whatever love he had had for
me had been alienated. He not only , told me
this, tut also told others that he no longer
cared for me.
Mrs. "Reading corroborated her mother's
testimony, describing her father's fre
quent ¦ outbursts .of anger and 1 ' his treat
ment of her for several years prior to the
commencement of the suit for divorce.
Judge Hebbard in granting the decree of
divorce awarded - Mrs. - Rulofson the cus
tody of the" only minor child of the
couple, Gladys J. Rulofson, aged 16 years.
¦PTTP.T.ATT FILES ACCOTTNT
> r: /; f OF FATHER'S ESTATE
"SOME OF, THOSE WHO ATTENDED, THE ANNIVERSARY PICNIC. OF
I THE ODD FELLOWS AT. CAMP TAYLOR YESTERDAY, AS SEEN BY ,-
CARTOONIST WARREN. . . ; * " ,' :
leading merchants for, the banquet- to -be
Rendered President ¦ Harriman '<at .the; Pal- ;
face' Hotel next, Wednesday v It
The' committee appointed ;byithe-.,vari
ous commercial organizations j of ..the .'city
has commenced issuing invitations to the
Preparing for Harriman Banquet.
Mrs. George F. Frederick and Mrs. A. Li.
Barry, directors. -
The officers were duly installed and the
retiring i president - was presented with -a
bunch of costly roses. _ • .
is urged that those invited reply as soon
as, possible In order to facilitate the mak
ing of arrangements. *
Report Shows Property Is "Worth
More Than $7,000,000, Exclud
ing Deeded : Property. .
James D. , Phelan, ": executor of tho will
of . his : father, the late James D. Phelan,
filed- his first and final account of his ad
ministration yesterday. He also petitioned
for final distribution.
., The report shows the estate to be worth
$7,491,298 35, excluding property deeded -by
the deceased a short time before bis
death. One-third of the large estate goes
to the ex-Mayor, while the other two
thirds'goes td'hia two sisters, Miss Mary
Phelan and Mrs.' Frank "JV Sullivan.'
Favors Special Crews.
- L A M.. King,. secretary of the Merchants'
Association, Informed the Board of, Super
visors - yesterday . that he, desired 5 to i be
heard before any action is taken regard-
Ing the 'abolishing: of special crews In the
street -. cleaning . force. -King Bays ; in his
communication that the city gets best re
sults from special crews if properly used.!
SISTERS WOULD
SAVE MURDERER
21
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL; SUISI)^, APRIL 27> 1902;
DB- HALL'S RElNVIGORATOBgf^ESi
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Fl ve £jj{i""Vtrj>
hundred reward for any case we &£, SmZi
cannot cure. This secret rem- I - ~_JB
tdy cures Emissions, Impotency, £wb JESS
V&ricocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, W* p«iS
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- Uh .111!}
lood and all other wastine ef-jfeajgSS
!eets of self -abuse or excesses. t3Z5n£5x&
lent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
o cure any case. Call or address orders
jIAli/S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE, 855 . Broad-
ray. Oakland. Cal. Also for. sale at 1073}$
Market et., S. F. Bend lor tree book.
undermined your nerve force. Quick-
ness, backache, nervousness and debil-
itating drains and worn-out, shrunken
and lifeless organs are making your
life a miserable existence, devoid of
pleasure. ?ou hesitate and falter; you
are not the man you once were, and
you know it. Cast aside your modesty.
This matter is too important. Act at
once with manly decision.
This formula Is printed and costs me
almost nothing, and I give it free of
any charge. I do not ask it, but If you
desire to do so, you can pay something
after using it. I want to help every
suffering man in America to regain his
health and strength and the ability to
enjoy the pleasures of life as I do. Ad-
dress L. F. Page, private box 781, Mar-r
shall. Mich.
You are older now and can look back
and see the mistakes you have made,
but you cannot recall the vigor and fire
of the springtime of robust manhood.
Tour transgressions have left their
mark upon you. Tour errors and ex-
cesses have ravaged your system and
There are not many ministers who
would be willing to publicly I indorse
and recommend a cure of this " kind,
with the statement that they them-
selves had been cured by it, but -the
Rev. Crawford has in him a great
deal of true gratitude and love of man-
kind. This is shown in a recent letter
In which he says that he makes public
acknowledgment "in order that others
may receive the same happy results."
Among those whose attention has
been attracted by this magnanimous
offer is the Rev. J. S. B. Crawford of
Waynesvllle, N. C, a very prominent
divine, whose own vitality was serious-
ly impaired. Being sick of paying
money to quacks and charlatans, who
took his money without doing him any
good, Mr. Crawford had the prescrip-
tion made up and took it regularly, as
he was directed. With this result, he
was perfectly cured, and after several
years of enjoyment of his newly givan
powers, made the statement publicly
that every man in need of help should
do likewise. BSSfe
tome fifteen years ago the writer gave atten-
tion to the cure of nervous disorders and !
lound that the late Dr. Wilson. Professor of j
Chemistry and Practitioner of Medicine In
Btllevue Medical Collete of New York, had a J
formula of wonderful power to restore to men
the fullness of their physical and mental
etrength. In the year 1SS3 the celebrated Dr.
WIlEon died and his formula haa been obtained
by L. F. Page of 201 State street, Marshall.
Michigan, who prepares it according to the
original prescription, and from our anal] r eis of
the eame, by our Board of Investigation, we
lind it composed of pure and fresh drugs, and
that it is sold under the name of "Dr. Wil-
son's Restorative Remedies." Our Investiga-
tion was extended into a great number of simi-
lar preparations, non4 of which were found
equal to the above, while many were prepared
by those who knew little or nothing- about
therapeutics or materia tnedlca. We hereby
caution the public against the use of all urcer-
tain remedies and all who need nerve-life
bringing medicine we recommend them to take
: Dr. - Wilson's Restorative Remedies, prepaied
tnd sold by L. . F. Page, 201 State street. Mar-
th&ll, Michigan, and unto the aforesaid Dr.
Wilson's Restorative Remedie* we extend the
official Indorsement of the United States Inves-
tigating Report*.
To every one who writes in good faith
I will send the full formula of this
wonderful medicine. This prescription
and full directions are sent free. Have
it filled, or if you desire, you can buy
the remedies and prepare It privately
Just as well yourself. One prescription
will make a new man of you. One dose
will be enough to convince you of its
marvelous power.
Read the following:, by William Cole,
M. D., Washington, D. C.'. published in
the United States Investigating Re-
ports, regarding the prescription from
which this remedy for curing Lost
Manhood is prepared:
During the examination of men for the army
during our recent war with Spain, our United
States army physicians were shocked to find
bo large a percentage of men disqualified be-
cause of nervous disorders. It is net the pur-
pose of these reports to enter into a statement
of causes, other than to Eay that the sufferer
is seldom to blame. His condition is indeed
deplcrabie; his memory fails him, his energy
«one, his eyesight dimmed, his muscles solt
and his nervous stamina, gone. He is pitied
by those/versed in nervous disorders and re-
pelled by those of both sexes who do not un-
derstand how dark the world Is to him.
I have a message to every suffering
and health-broken man in this country.
If you are afflicted with Sexual Weak-
ness or Nervous Debility, I want you
to read this article and then write to
me. I have a medicine with which I
have cured hundreds of my friends and
others who have written me for it. I
am not-a doctor or a sharper, but a
plain business man, and I want every
weak, disappointed and debilitated man
to write to me for a copy of the for-
mula from, which this wonderful medi-
cine is prepared. I do not ask you for
money. It is free.
READ THIS OFFER.
ACCEPT IT TO-DAY.
Of the U. S. Investigating Reports—
the American Authority on All
Matters of Public Welfare.
HAS THE OFFICIAL ENDORSEMENT
Advises All Persons Suffer-
Free Cure.
ing From Lost Manhood
to Send for This
a Besides being headquarters for »
B Eyeglasses is the largest H
| j Scientific Instruments, S
U KODAKS, H
B) Photographic Supplbs. B
© 6 4 2^T1 ARKET 5 TJ&
Spring £oqds are nowfully £^^1^^/^'^ jffiJF&&: y 4Fk\ Out^pf-town: orders -filled
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.A conference was held between the em
ployers and striking leather workers yes
terday. ; Prices • and terms submitted to
| the employers were accepted, but the lat
ter positively declined to sign any articles
of agreement with the men. . ¦
Leather-Workers' Strike.
The United States transport Grant ar
rived, last night after a passage of twen
ty-seven days from Manila. The Grant
arrived at Manila April 17 and left ten
days later. The vessel brought 1610 pas
sengers, including the Twelfth United
States Infantry and . four companies . of
casuals. Captain Croskle was in com
mand and the vessel anchored ' in the
quarantine ground shortly after mid
night. -The passengers will be landed; at
Angel Island 'this morning. No sickness
was reported on the trip. ' '
Transport Grant Arrives.
FOREIGN PORT.
HONGKONG — Sailed April 28— Br stmr
Glenogle. for Tacoma. *.'*¦,"
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 28.
Stmr Ccquille River. Johnson. Fort Bragg;.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 2&— Schr Erie, for
Tacoma.
Arrived April 23 — Stmr Georga F. Haller.
from San Francisco.
PORT BL.AKELET — Arrived April 28 — Bchr
Erie, from Tacoma.
Sailed April 26 — Schr Honolpu, for Noumea;
Br ship Bann. for Calcutta.
Judge Stanton L. Carter of Fresno Is
at the Lick.
George E. Catts, Mayor of Stockton, is
at the Lick.
Frank R. Devlin, a prominent attorney
of Vallejo, is at the Grand.
H. J. Larentzen, a well-known cattle
man of Nevada, is at the Lick.'
J. W. Kaseburg, a Sacramento capital
ist, Is among the arrivals at the Grand.
J. L. Hawllng, an extensive coffee plant
er of Guatemala, is at the Occidental.
De Witt Clary, a Stockton attorney, is
spending a few days in this city and ha3
made his headquarters at the Lick.
Andrew Smith, chief of the: telegraph
department of the Santa Fe, with head
quarters at Los Angeles, Is a guest at the
Grand. » - .
;. L. A. Blaslngame, a stock raiser and
PERSONAL.
E. B. Haynard, manager of the Wood
land Democrat, and Judge Eugene T.
Lampton of Woodland are in the city, en
route to Santa Cruz to attend the Grand
Parlors of the Native Sons of the Golden
West. They are delegates from, Wood
land Parlor.
breeder of\fast horses; who resides near
Fresno, is among the arrivals at tha
Grand.
No demonstration was made at the closo
of the meeting. The men, after spending
two 1 hours or more in the . theater, left
quietly and sought the nearest route
home In order to be ready for work this
morning. Many of them reported for in
structions at their car barns and those
that were ready for work were at ¦ once
sent out. The majority, however, pre
ferred to rest after the strain to which
they had been subjected during the past
week.
In accordance with, the request of the
United Railroads,' as the men were leav
ing the hall a ballot was taken on the
proposition whether 23V6 cents an hour
with a bonus for years of service or a
flat rate of 25 cents an hour should be ac
cepted. The vote In favor of the "latter
proposition was practically unanimous.'
"That is the man that made your union
as strong as it is," said Casey, pointing'
to Mayor Schmitz. "Keep up his good
work. . Go direct to your homes. Do not
visit saloons or ' give any extravagant
demonstrations of your joy. Do not brag
about the successful ending of your
strike. You have won the respect of the
people of San Francisco and the United
States, and now keep it. Let everybody
see that you can In the hour of your tri
umph conduct yourselves in the same
gentlemanly manner as you have done
during the last week."
Michael Casey, . Commissioner of Pub
lic Works, and president of the City Front
Federation, was the next speaker. He
was greeted with cheers. He said that
all credit was due to Mayor Schmitz, and
that had there been a Mayor like him in
office during the troubles of last year the
laboring men would have their just de
serts. " '..'.
Secretary Rosenberg of the Labor Coun
cil also spoke and advised the men to
stand by their union, as. by. organization
only could they be successful in gather
ing, the fruits of their victory.
pany to accept the clause relating to the.
unionizing of the new employes Tobln said:
"The railroad cannot undertake to start a
school of union students. Men who have ef
fected . an organization such as yours do not
need our assistance in schooling them for ad
mission to your union." I guess Tobln was
pretty near right.' '•. , V
• The friendly relations between employer and
employe which the late conferences between
the interested parties have developed it is to be
hoped will - be maintained and enlarged to 'the
betterment of the public f.Tvlce, the profit of
the employer and the greater prosperity and
' happiness of the working masses/ !
My own position in this contest has been a
most delicate and trying one. I have endeav
ored to do my whole duty to both Bides and
have ' devoted my days and my nlKhts toward
securing a fair, and amicable adjustment. I
appreciate profoundly and desire to express my
thanks for the congratulatory messages of con
fidence, . encouragement and \ support which
have come to me from every hand, and all of
which I cannot hope to acknowledge In person.
It would be unjust, however, If I did not pub
licly recognize the effective • and welcome as
sistance received by me In these anxious days
from- others and especially the devotion and
fidelity of my legal adviser, Mr. Ruef , whose
good judgment . and wise counsel . contributed
largely to the peaceful conclusion reached.'
On behalf of the citizens of San Francisco I
express the satisfaction which exists in every
home and fireside, at every workshop and fac
tory. In every place of business, at the friendly
and peaceful, ending of the strike and the hope
ful Indication of the prosperity and progress
which peace and good will on every hand are
certain to engender. .
The United Railroads of San Francisco de
serve much credit for the friendly spirit of fair
ness and of just compromise exhibited by them
on familiarity with the real status of affairs,
and the people of San Francisco are to be con
gratulated upon the good feeling which has
prevailed during this period of great inconveni
ence," upon' the* reasonable and business-like
course of > both parties to this controversy .and
upon ! the peaceful . settlement which at once
brings to an end perhaps the strongest and
most ¦ forceful • strike In • the ' city's history,
marked neither by terrorism, ' violence, blood
shed nor riot. . • ¦
This strike, like almost all strikes, was a
matter 1 of regret,' but unlike all others, in Its
peaceful example and in its substantial results,
it is a source of eventful rejoicing. The men of
the Street Railway Employes' Union are enti
tled , to the greatest public commendation "and
praise for their moderation, their reasonable
ness; , their conservatism and their peaceable
methods. ; 7 '-•
The street-car employes' strike is over. Karly
this morning: passenger traffic will be resumed,
the 'cars of the tied- up system will begin to
move with their { former regularity . and those
differences, between 'employer and employe will
have become a part of history. :
v m-jr AYOR SCHMITZ made the fol-
I ¦/¦ lowing statement regarding the
£ fl settlement of the streetcarmen's
strike at 1 o'clock this, morning:
He Congratulates All
Concerned in the
', Controversy.
Mayor Schmitz Talks
of Victory of the
Carmen.
NEWS OF SETTLEMENT OF CARMEN'S STRIKE
CAUSES MUCH RE JOICING IN SAN FRANCISCO
Peace Negotiations
Are Amicably
Concluded.
Operatives Praised
for Their Excellent
Behavior.
9"^ E negotiations yesterday between
the officials of the United Railroads
and the union carmen which ter
minated the strike were marked by
earnestness on one side and enthusiasm
on the other. It was a day which will
live long in the memory of those who
took an active part in the proceedings.
The executive committee of the United
Railroads was in session at 9:30 a. m.
Early in the morning a cipher dispatch
was received from the Eastern owners,
and pending the arrival of the committee
this was deciphered and its contents
made known to the directors. The dis
patch counseled an immediate settlement
ot the strike on honorable terms, and it
vested the directors with absolute discre
tion in the matter. President Holland
sent a messenger to the Mayor announc
ing that the company was willing to sub
mit its terms to the union carmen. The
Mayor communicated the welcome Intel
ligence to the executive. committee of the
carmen's union, and within an hour the
committee was on its way to the com
ptny's offices.
HEPLY OF COMPANY.
Before entering upon a discussion of the
company's terms the following communi
cation was read to the committee:
To the Committee of the Employes of the
Vnited Railroad* of San Francisco — Gentle
men: The officers of the United Railroads of
San Francisco have carefully considered y;our
demands and have conferred by wire with the
representative of the owners in the Ecet and
have made up our answer to your request. We
do this ¦with a sincere desire to establish- and
maintain good relations with you and the men
you represent. '
Speaking lor the directors of the United
Railroads of San Francisco I assure you we
desire to act In a. fair, just and liberal spirit
in arranging with you for peace and harmony
and the faithful and loyal services of the men
who have been employed by the companies
from whom the United Railroads of San Fran
cisco have bought the properties, and we be
lieve you will find that, while there are some
of your requests that the company cannot
agree to, the real, vital demands have been
conceded and the concessions asked from you
ehould be allowed to the owners who have In
vested their money In the properties.
We ask you to take a vote by ballot of the
men you represent upon the wage .question and
certify to us the result, and whatever under
etanding: we may a&ree upon we shall on be
half of the company, and shall expect you on
behalf of the men you represent, to carry out
the same in good faith. Respectfully,
THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
United Railroads of San Francisco.
CARMEN DISSATISFIED.
Harry A. Knox acted as chairman of
the committee, which was closeted with
the executive committee of the United
Railroads from 11:30 a. m. till shortly
after noon. When the carmen's commit
tee left the meeting- it went immediately
to the Turk-street Temple. With the ex
ception of Chairman Knox the men de
clined to discuss the situation. Knox said
that the executive committee of the
United Railroads refused to recognize the
THE SAN FKAiNXDISCO ICALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902.
Pretiaent Cornelius: called the' assem
blage to j order. Nearly. 3000 • men , rose In
their, places and. gave 'three cheers and a
tiger "for, the man who had led them out
of ' the wilderness ; of Vlninglsm."-' Corne
lius bowed his k acknowledgments; 'and ,' as
When the executive committee , of the
carmen's union went upon j the stago, It
was greeted with grousing'. ' volley, of
cheers. As each: man' who was.<promi T
nently connected \ with the strike '-was
recognized he i was named \ "and ' lustily
cheered. Although the men had been
waiting for over an hour and a half they
were in good humor. They had .been en
tertained with. speech' and, song and 'the
prospect of an early settlement, of their
troubles made them . feel , happy. •.-¦*¦
CHEERED ON ENTERING.
As soon as Casey had concluded : his
speech Commltteemen Dingwell . and
Johnson went after Mayor Schmitz. The
remainder of the committee went to ',. the
Alhambra Theater. Before, leaving the
rooms where the executive committee had
met during the week a vote was taken on
the . propositions submitted' ;by .v the
United Railroads, and It was unanimously
decided to' recommend the acceptance 'of
all the propositions. . . . . v
"Boys," said Casey, "you have got al
most everything • you asked for and a
great deal more. Now settle the matter
quickly; the people and the press are
with you. Recommend the. acceptance of
these propositions and you will not make
a mistake." >¦ \
The members of the arbitration com
mittee of the striking carmen went down
for a second time to the office of the
TJnited Railroads and held a further con
ference. In the meanwhile word was sent
out to all the members of the Carmen's
Union to assemble at headquarters in or
der to hear the report of the arbitration
committee. About 4:30 p. m. the men be
gan coming in, and it was soon found
that it would be impossible to accom
modate all within the building., -
As the men were congregating arrange
ments were made to secure the . Alham
bra Theater. . | "Doc" Leahy of the Tivoli
soon had It opened, and the men left their
place of meeting about 5 o'clock. The
delegation from the Mission-street power
house, some 500 strong, were headed by
a coupleof men carrying flags, and were
followed by the men of the other 'lines
according to their numerical strength.
Over the same questions as to the rec
ognition of the union the committee again
split on their return. All other clauses
were satisfactory. The carmen ; at ; the
Alhambra Theater patiently awaited: the
result. Secretary Rosenberg of the San
Francisco Labor Council was first, called
In and addressed the arbitration com
mittee. He advised them to accept the
offer of . the railway ' company. Later
Michael Casey of the. City Front Federa
tion and President "Goff of the j Labor
Council came In and added the weight of
their influence toward an early settle
ment. . - ' .¦-.-';-.- '.¦¦ ,-'¦-* '.-:-, :
MEET DIRECTORS AGAIN.
ground that the union was not recog
nized. It was held by some of the more
rabid union men that the superscription
should have been "Division No. 205, Amal
gamated Association of Street Railway
employes of America." Upon this point
the arbitration committee divided,
claiming that their union was not recog
nized by the railroad company.
Another point that was fully considered
was that requiring all new men to join
the union after thirty days' service with
the company. It was held that under this
provision the company could stuff its
roll of employes with new men and dis
rupt the organization. It was decided
then to seek another conference with the
directors of the United Railroads and
through Mayor Schmitz a second meeting
was arranged. ;. - w*
Differing Opinions
Are Reconciled
* y\ ' I* *
¦ ii M ueonT.e»
; We had most pleasant meetings with the;di
rectors. We have . won ¦ out, ,< but do not get
carried 'away ' with-, the*, idea- that we are all
the people. ;• Some '.people .have more/ money
than we ;. and -were -better"' able .tosstand the
strain of enforced Idleness than' we Were. ,.; But
right was on our ; side. : : j.When ¦ you go ¦, on your
cars ; to-morrow; don' t \ brag . about your i victory.
Rub , in your.; gratification > as . lightly : as ¦• you
can." If you '¦, want anything from , the • company
hereafter you can * get it In ' a : proper : manner.
When; I objected to the failure of the com-
• .When' Harry i A. Knox was called , for
h'tvsaid: '¦-,- " : ?, '¦¦ ';['¦' ¦ '."¦¦'¦
Another member moved a. vote of thanks
to :"Ei;:P. ' Vlnlrig for [the masterly^ man
ner in 'which he -helped to organize | this
union." This; fine sarcasm was ; greeted
with laughter, shouts and, hoots. -Thanks
were voted the press and the directors of
the United Railroads.' . 1 ' / ;, * .
GROANS : FOR VENTING.
'¦'. A delegate moved; a vote of thanks to
Mayor- Schmitz for, the part he took In
settling the strike I and this was | ordered
spread upon-; the \minutes. : A vote of
thanks was . also \ tendered .' the ; public "of
San ' Francisco . for their kindly, considera
tion, durine' the strike.
When you. leave' this hall go to your homes.'
Do not let your, enthusiasm over a well-earned
victory lead you to excesses. Go to your, wives
and | children, tell them the good news, and if
you want to grow, enthusiastic, prow enthusias
tic at home. You may feel elated, but do not
start to rub J£ in on the other fellow because
you have come out the victor, in a great con
test. Oo home and thank CJocl that he put you
on the right path and tlfbnk God for the bless
ings he has showered upon you.
' Most people believe that San Francisco is In
the wild and woolly -West. -Your actions will
show the world that the laboring- men of San
Francisco are among the moat intelligent and
fair-minded in. the country.' (Cheers.). You
have made a new page In the history of strikes,
and laborine men in other places will take your
example as a guide. 'You have been treated lib
erally by -the United . Railroads. Treat them
manfully. I do not deserve any thanks for
what I have done. (Voice:. "You bet you do.'.')
I have simply done my duty. I feel I assured
this contest will bring you closer together.; You
can congratulate yourselves that, you will have
no more Vlninginm. E You can congratulate your
employers for their action. It assures me, as
it must every fair-minded man, that they, in
tend to treat the people of* San Francisco In the
same friendly way as they have treated you. '
¦ * I think my visit here to-night is unnecessary.
I came to ask your acceptance of this, offer and
find that you have already accepted it on the
recommendation of the committee to which you
entrusted the settlement of your affairs. | I con
gratulate you upon the stand you have taken,
and upon your forbearance during the hours of
your troubles. • The people in San Francisco,
.the people in the United States and the people
throughout the world have watched your con
duct with sreat interest. . ¦ . , *
Mayor Schmitz was the first who was
requested to speak. A second demonstra
tion was rnaoe when he appeared, and al
though he endeavored to' quiet his aiidl
euce, he could. not do so until they had
tired themselves with cheering. Mayor
Schmitz spoke in part as follows:
CONGRATULATES MEN.
Chairman Knox then explained that It
was agreed with the United Railroads
that the new schedule would not go into
effect until June 1, as far as the ten-hour
workday was concerned, but that the
wages and overtime would be paid from
the time the cars started running. This
was satisfaetniy, as it was explained that
it would rako that length of time to re
arrange the time schedules. ; " -
A vote was then' taken upon the-ques
tion of accepting 23^4 cents an hour with
ai bonus or a flat rate of 25 cents.' The
latter was unanimously accepted. Then
came the congratulatory speeches.
During the reading of the reports May
or Schmitz appeared upon .' the stage.
Hardly had he emerged from the wings
than the entire crowd of strikers rose on
their feet and gave him an ovation. Hats
were thrown In the air; canes were
waved, flags were unfurled, and cheer
after cheer : resounded throughout the
building. For fully five minutes the
Mayor was compelled to stand up before
the, shouting enthusiasts. President Cor
nelius vainly rapped for order,, but it
needed more than the sound of his gavel
to overcome th« tumult that was made.
Finally, as the Mayor sat down, the. hub
bub subdued and the business was allowed
to proceed.
OVATION TO MAYOR.
Kach clause was taken up in Its order
and a vote taken upon it.' Not a dissent
ing-voice was raised to the acceptance <of
any of the .proportions, although there
was /some f little discussion \upon a - few
points UuiVilid not apparently seem clear,'
All were unanimously adopted, however.
soon as possible introduced Harry A.
Knox, the chairman of the arbitration
committee. Knox met with a similar re
ception. He wus cheered to the echo, and
at once began to reafl the terms of the
agreement submitted by the United Rail
roads. .' : " \ ' , C
GO TO HEADQUARTERS.
After the arbitration committee of. the
striking carmen left the office of the
United Railroads they at once returned to
their headquarters in the. Turk-street
Temple and resumed consideration of the
offer made In response to original
demand. The first thing that Jarred the
commltteemen was the manner in which
the reply of the United Railroads was ad
dressed to them. This was as follows :
"From the United Railroads of San
Francisco to Its conductors, motormen
and gripmen." < t
An objection was made to this on the
One by one the officials of the United
Railroads left the building. Manager Vln
ing was one of the last to go. He has
been guarded the last few days by a pri
vate detective, who accompanies him all
the way home. In the same way his chief
clerk is also afraid of bodily harm and is
shadowed home. On the other hand, not
one of the directors appeared to be afraid
of any trouble, and all walked through
the streets without the slightest trace of
fear. • x -
President Holland refused to Ije inter
viewed after the final meeting. But he
evidently meant business, as he told ths
stenographer that had been specially en
gaged during the last few days that there
would be nothing mort for him to do that
nJght and that he need not report again
until he was sent for.
"It Is simply a case of where the com
pany has made a generous offer," he said.
"It is now up to the carmen to say
whether they will accept or not. We are
all through. We have given them our
terms, and nothing will be done until they
accept them."
HELLMAN'S VIEWS.
"There is still a hitch," Hellman said.
"We want to deal In the future with our
employes. We are not opposed to the
union; In fact, we are favorably disposed
to it. We think that organizations of this
kind are only for good — they make the
men more manly. At the same time we
want to deal with our own men. We
don't want outsiders coming in and' dic
tating to us. At any time that a- com
mittee calls on us it may be composed of
all union men, but the only committees
that we will listen to must be composed
of our own employes."
TIrey L. Ford was next seen. He seemed
discouraged with the situation.
"They won't recognize our union," said
Chairman Knox, "and until they do the
fight will go on forever. Why, if we were
to settle the affair now the union carmen
would mob us when we went back."
Among the directors of the United Rail
roads I. W. Hellman was the first to
leave the company's office.
The afternoon meeting of the two forces
continued about an hour. The carmen's
committee were the first to leave. On
their vacating the rooms of the street car
company the members were surrounded
by representatives of the press.
The executive commtitee of the 6treet
railways left the offices In the Wells-
Far&o building one by one a short time
later. They considered that they had
made the striking carmen a most liberal
offer, and they expressed the belief that
it was only a question of a few hours
when the controversy would be settled.
union officially, and until they changed
their attitude on that point the strike
would be on forever.
Tremendous Cheer
ing Greets Ending
ofTie=Up.
Reopening of Traffic
Causes Delight to
the Public.
THE SETTLEMENT OP THE
CARMEN'S STRIKE , CAUSES
GENERAL REJOICING.
22
Wm iOr-*waist for
iv/^^yfl' / *^^\l0/4 row the greatest
INvl" Hi/ w JwSy?\ S value in fashionable
\\K' TiUMllll$\^r wash snirt waistswe
\w^\Lltll II I H lr& have ever offered -
Of * " Ynlili I I ' • - to They are of fme ma ~
O Iral I f W*S dras ' solid colors ' in
at f ' C—Jfi- III I tne new Gibson style
// fm?\l i \'//PA — exactly as pictured
// MyCVa! 1 \vMk above— 4 pleats with
y^v ¦ i B^»u\\\\v^- 7S \ three rows ofstitch "
// I V^tyiS^^A in % down the .fr° nt >
fr- L Va\ r^=^ y&&" f orm j n g t he gradu-
/^^22pNs*^\ \JNk j^ ated yoke en^ ect ~~
V Jr 5ui^ V J^^^^^^ tucked back — these
vS^- *"^f /^'^ ¦ come in pink, light
blue, navy or red,
and in all sizes — they
are particularly well made and fit unusually well— these can-
not be duplicated for less than $2— -a. grand assortment —
this is a special that ought to interest every woman in San
Francisco— on sale beginning to-morrow morning.. $i each
A Great Value in Linen Dress Skirts —
We illustrate above the newest arrival in the linen dress skirt depa-t-
ment. Finished with the new clustered tucked top and deep graduat-
ing flounce — headed with two strips of linen — these skirts are all hem-
med and well made; they hang beautifully— extremely stylish, well
worth $4.00; would go very prettily with the dollar Gibson^wajst— spe-
. cial; beginning 1 to-morrow $2.75 Each
Another Linen Skirt Bargain —
Just the garment for summer outings— made of tan linen, with five-
gore flare flounce— trimmed with J^-inch straps in fancy flare flounce
effect — tailor stitched seams — these skirts come in all lengths jind are
regular $2.50 grade — special to-morrow....' $1.50 Each
Drummers* Sample Tailor-Made Suits-
Two weeks ago an Eastern manufacturer sent us samples of his most
stylish garments in hopes of receiving a big order — summer orders had
been placed, and, although the samples were extremely desirable, we
placed but a very small order. • We kept the samples, however, and
these go on sale to-morrow. Being samples, they are made to look
and fit unusually well — no two garments alike — 50 different kinds —
Eton, blouse and peplum jacket effects^ — made of cheviot, Venetian or
broadcloth — black, blue, brown, gray or tan — trimmed in various ways-
made in all the newest styles^ — nothing like them has ever been shown in
San Francisco for less than $25.oo-^special to-morrow while they last
?14.75 Each
A Real Bargain in Walking Skirts—
We believe we are about to describe the most desirable value in walk-
ing skirts we have ever offered — these skirts come in Oxford gray or
blue, of a fine, heavy wool fabric — made with a deep graduating
flounce, exceedingly well finished — the jphief beauty of the skirt is
the remarkable way, in which it fits and hangs — could not be made to
look better by the best tailor in the city — we bought these to sell for
$5.06 — as a sample of the unusual specials from this department we of-
fer them to-morrow at.... $3.00 Each
AII-Wool Dress Skirts -
A black dress skirt of pebble cheviot, with 7-gore flare — trimmed with
5 rows of tucking and finished in the new graduating flounce effect —
these skirts are well tailored, well made and finished and well worth $8. 50
—special to-morrow... $6.OO Each
-¦•,¦.<'¦.• ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baldness follows falling hair, falling
hair follows dandruff, and dandruff is the
result of; a germ digging; its ;way into the
scalp to the root of the hair, .where It saps
the^ vitality j of .the hair. ; To destroy that
germ is to : prevent I as well as ; cure dan-
druff.' falling: hair, . and. -- lastly, baldness.
There Is only one preparation known to
do.' that, : Newbro's Herplclde, an entirely
new, scientific discovery. VWherever it has
been tried it; has proven: wonderfully suc-
cessful. ¦ It -can't be otherwise, because it
utterly destroys the dandruff germ. '.'You
destroy the cause, you remove , the ef-
fect.'' :¦: - :,: ¦;¦ ¦¦*.: .-..'¦-¦ ;, ¦. ' .-
Parasite i Germ That Causes It."
Baldness Cured by Destroying the
FAILING HAIR STOPPED.
Through- service daily to
r Kansas City and St; Louis " : > '
;, via l Scenic. (Route'. Nei;,' -
observation ; cafe y cars-
Meals a la carte."
0&&?\&^j£?' ; •¦¦¦¦¦¦ ;ti
Personally - conducted excursions • to' Kansas
City/ . St. 1 - Louis.;. Chicago, < New .York. U Boston
and all , Eastern . points. ;• For, full 1 Information
address -X!i*'3R***i3P B^S? 5 *' v "''¦-'.-¦
L. M. ' ; FLETCHER, 1 v : : .
V Pacific Coast. Agent,,;.
,' 126 California St.. San Francisco. Cat
Missouri Pacific Railway
How any man may Quickly cure himself after
years of suffering froni sexual weakness lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele. etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor
Simply send your name and address to Dr'
Kr.app Medtcal Co.. 1373 Hull building, Detroit
Mich., and they will gladly send the tree re-
ceipt wltU full directions so any man may
eerily cure himself at home. This Is certainly
a most generous offer, and the following ex-
tracts taken from their dally mall, show what
men think of their generosity:
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thank*
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benettt has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. Un Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy 1 am."
'•Dear Sirs: Your method worked beauti-
fully. Result* were exactly wliat I needed
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sirs: Yours was received and . I had
no trouble In making use of the receipt as -di-
rected, and can truthfully.say.it is a boon to
weak men. I am greatly Improved . in aize
strength end vigor." ' \ ¦
AH correspondence Is strictly .. confidential
mailed In plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
4 » free for the aeklng and they want every man
to have It. •
lor Ail.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
. ¦ ¦ . j-
Insures Love and a Happy Home
Are more V
COMFORTABLE,
RELIABLE AND CHEAPER
.SNELLS Than *V*TRI BUNES
$25.00 to $50.00.
LE/\VITT & BILL,
/ 307-309 Larkin St.
5EE PlCTURESQJlC AMERICA "
The: Picturesque Places and the Picturesque Pfeople of
this Picturesque country^ • r
are 'parsed by the CAIJFORNIALMITED
V^RTUMESH
I IN if
II Rubber has Increased 100 per 1 1 1
y cent in price during the last 111
p ten years. With Increased ftll
ft demand the price will go at I
IJ higher and higher. Why not IIJ
£ be numbered among those " 111
| who supply the crude rub- II
i ber. and share in the for- I ¦
I tunes that are being made? Ill
1 One arrp will pay a profit JUn
b of $200 to $409 per year, and ™H
0 by our plan of- investment mKj
a w;l! cost only a trifling sum. E§a
H We have prepared the roost §|h»
|1 exhaustive and accurate dp- Er*
\i Bcription and report on this 1*-%
\\ subject ever printed in /\kJ
i America. It is free to those Al
l\ -who ask for it, and can bel Yl
}| relied upon as dealing only (\/a
1 1 with facts. It describes thefc^Nl
H native manner of procuring IXJ1
1 .1 rubber and contains a wealth
Eg of interesting reading. Write V/^J
IB CCNSfRVUJVE RUBBER
B| PRODUCTION CO. M)k\\J
IB 33 Parrott Blfig.. ftgl k\ \ J
Ml San Francisco. Cal. yj£>5a /] J ]/
For Piles..
Sample mailed free.
One application gives relief.
The continued use of Hum-
phreys' Witch Hazel Oil per-
manently cures Piles or Hem-
orrhoids— External or internal.
Blind or Bleeding, Itching or
Burning, Fissures and Fistulas.
Relief immediate — cure certain.
Three Sizes, 25c., 50c. and $1.00. Sold
by Druggists, op sent prepaid on receipt
of price. Humphreys' Med'cine Co.. Cor.
William and John 6ts., New York.
TO THE PUBLIC.
I have been wonder-
jr&gxffl fully cured of flts and of
EM-p^CvS hl P trouble by the fa-
%J$f T mous herb doctor, Wong
VSSiC: I Him, of 115-117 Ma«un
tLJLTl "•• s - F - J wa « nearly
¦KGiS / dead when I came to
JJS^ST* / him and the fits I had
were dreadful but I am
V^asT/z^O^W * n )°r in Z perfect health
v5s^Sa?'\Sr of the wonder.'ui cures
"hmtvsw. jj e jjgg made for me.
I came from Meridian, Sutter County. Cal tn
Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of all'my
ailments. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTY
ff January 21. County. CaL
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 0. 1900-To whom
""?>' S ) T n^ ern /, 1 ? h 1 ! 1 l! - 1 » t0 cer "'y that DR.
W0I\G HIM of 115-117 Mason et., San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly^ hone«t
In every sense of the word, and an honorable
man Jn all his dealincs.4 DR C A GAY
Dentist. 1*02 Second ave.. Seattle, Wash. '
December 15, 1900.— This is to certify that I
mag suffering for fifteen years from Bright' a
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
elde. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief That
elx months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason St.. Ban Francisco, and now
after eix months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and Jn perfect health. I write this In my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him, and that other
6Uff?rens may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this In person to any one that may.
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN ALLANSON.
.Orchard ave.. Elmhurnt, Alameda County. Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
- I/" EARNT AND WASHINGTON : STS.— RE-
, " -. modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
: v. CO. European plan. Rooms, 00c to $1 50 day;
L ¦¦• $5 to f 8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
'""toot and cold water every room; fire grates In
every room; elevator runs all night. 'v
ADVERTISEMENTS.The .widening-; of .this roadway will, 'In. the
opinion of ¦ this ! board, be a very desirable Im
provement.' ; Tha width of ,sidewalk,'i ..ourtten
feet, is regarded as ample. This board respect
fully recommends that ' in the | budget for the
comlnjj year, widening and paving- with blocks
on' concrete. Third street, from : the north line
of Mission street to the south line of Townsend
street, , or: better, ' to the" south line t of -Berry
street,'. be Included, ;, the estimated cost ; for the
first: being: $70, 5£0 and for the second $81,520.
.The improvement of | the 1 portion of - Third
street : not ;• includeds in < this ' recommendation,
namely, from Market to Mission and • south of
Berry ' street, . may - be ' postponed ; to .. the next
following /i year. •'•¦¦: The bridge proposed i to ¦ be
built at the foot of Third street must add con
siderably to the existing -traffic and make 'an
The Board of Public Works yesterday
filed ; 'a "report" on the proposed reduction of
the sidewalks on Third street frominine
teen T to. fourteen feet In order to afford a
corresponding increase in the width of the
roadway. The board recommends the im
provement, .which ". will enlarge the capac
ity for Urafflc,: and says the wear of the
pavement, where trucks carry, a wheel on
the .rail, - tKe~bpposite wheel running on
the pavement, will no longer exist. The
report .continues: '(:';;¦ ¦
The boys, under the command of Major
S. S. Peixotto - and headed by their own
drum corps and buglers, , marched - like
little veterans to' the park. They were
first put through very interesting but sim
ple exercises calculated for the improve
ment of the muscles and also ¦. of the
lungs. These exercises were, executed un
der the direction of Charles Merz, who is
the club's regular trainer. After they
had § been finished the . little | athletes
marched back - .to . their clubhouse <• on
Eighth street," just opposite the' grounds, 4
and in a tevf minutes reappeared, Vattired
in light ! running suits. -• They were >;. then
put - through more . difficult- exercises in
.Hundreds of merry little school chil
dren forgot for a time their lessons and
tasks and flocked to the Seventh and Har
rison street playgrounds yesterday after
noon to enjoy a few ; hours of -recreation
in;the open air and sunshine • and inci
dentally to watch the well trained Colum
bia Park Boys', Club execute their maneu
vers. 'This little battalion of boys went
througl» its exercises in the most pleasing
and I thorough • manner and furnished i en
tertainment not* only for. .their school
mates, but also for the many adults > who
visited the grounds. . . • '¦'.
' provement.
Board of Works Reports
on the Proposed Im-
Hundreds Watch Go
lumbia Boys' Glub Ex
ecute Maneuvers.
WOULD WIDEN
THIRD STREET
CHILDREN FLOCK
TO PLAYGROUND
The. Seventh 1 and Harrison street- play
ground is proving a perfect paradise for
the school children south of Market street.
On every Saturday and on school holidays
the ground is crowded not only with i the
children,' but also .with the parents, who
come • to watch ; their * boys and ;¦ girls . at
play. :.:¦¦ ¦-• ;-//• ; . ¦ :¦¦
. Tha 'officers in command of the boys
were : Honorary Commander C. : R. Al
bert, Major 8. ; S. Peixotto, Adjutant A.
Moore, Captain Louis Homer, First Lieu
tenant A. Appleton and Second Lieuten- 3
ant H. Dukelow of Company. B; Captain
Philip 1 j Coryn,- First Lieutenant Frank
Lyons, Second Lieutenant Joe' Franzen of
Company A; Captain George Morse, First
Lieutenant -R. : Lynch and Second ;Lleu
tenant "Joseph * Moriarlty of ' Company ' C
and Drum Major W. H.Hutton. /
.William Greer Harrison of the Olympic
Club congratulated the - Columbia . Park
Boys' Club on their excellent showing. He
said that by indulging in such hardy out
door sport they, would grow up into manly
men. As an example of the result of ex
ercise in j building up a strong manhood
he i pointed to the career of Abraham Lin
coln and Theodore Roosevelt. - : ';•
running and jumping and^turning.on the
parallel and horizontal bars. In all their
drills and gymnastic ' feats the ¦ boys
showed the inestimable benefit that they
derived | from the systematic training.
subject to confirmation of the Superior Court;
residence on Lake street; Ashbury Heights
building lots; Western Addition building lots
and Mission flats.
Bales at auction during the week are re
ported by G. H. Umbsen & Co. as fol
lows: *
Lot G0xl20 and two ten-room houses at 631
and C33 Golden Gate avenue, 518,600; lot 25x100
and a two-story building on the southeast
corner of Seventeenth' and Castro streets.' ?»lO0;
lot 25x106:3 and nine-room residence on the
southwest corner of Scott and Oak streets.
56000; lot 50x85 ana two-story dwelling on the
nouthwest corner of Twenty-second and Bart
lett streets 57200; two lots, each 25x123 feet,
on the west line of Mission street. 118:0 south
of Twenty-third street. 54900; lot 60x82 :C on
the northwest corner of Mason and Lombard
streets $6150, and two lots, 25x100 feet each,
on the' south line of the Junction of Fifteenth
and Market streets. $2000.
Kaston, Eldridge & Co. report sales at
auction as follows:
Lot on southeast corner of , Gough ana Val
lejo streets, with 3-story house, 510,600; lot
on southwest corner of Harrison and Juniper
streets 30x100 feet, 52830; .residence at 2620
Sacramento street, $5200; cottage of seven
rooms at 2717 Twenty-first street. $3000; six
room house with two rear flats of three rooms
each, with lot 22x70, at 30 Silver street, 52900.
Coffey, Hughes & Co. will auction realty
at G20 Market street next Wednesday at
noon. The • catalogue has ten offerings.
Henry Lyons will build six flats. on the
north line of Jackson street, of the Colo
nial style, to cost 533,000.
James R. TTeadwell will erect flats on
the northeast corner of Sutter and ' Bu
chanan streets which will cost about
517.000. • . . :
C. von Standen will place a four-story
rooming house on the south line of O'Far
rell street, near Jones; the cost of which
will be 512,000. •
Three flats will be erected by Rev. John
HemphiH on the west line of Fillmore
street, north from Union, to cost 58000. j
L. Strohmeier will. put up a three-story
and basement frame building on the north
line of • Fell 'v' street, 55 feet.'east, from
¦Franklin, at the. estimated cost ¦¦ of- 58000. .
' . ' ' •/-;-¦;¦• . ".:'¦''., ¦ ¦ ; ¦ '?¦¦-':'
Income property. " Golden Gate avenue and
Fillmore street; residence on Hayes street, near
Kuchanan; Cats on Larkin street, near Call
f<>mia; Investment on Tehama street, near
Fourth; Shipley street, near Fifth; two pieces.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. will hold their
regular semi-monthly auction sale of city
properties rt their salesroom, 638 Market
tireet, on Tuesday, May 6, at which the
following pieces will be offered:
Burns & Waterhouse have bought 2000
seres of land In Mendocino County for
520,000 through the. Central Land Com
pany, the sellers being the Wlllard heirs.
Lyon & Hoag will remove to 116 Mont
gomery street on the 1st of May.
David Bush & Son report the sale of
l r *% acres in the San Pablo grant In
Contra Costa County, six miles from Oak
land, to the trustees of Louis Titus for
£25,000; also 160 acres of alfalfa land near
Dinuba, Tulare County, for James Lee to
L. R. Piper for 59600.
A. E. Buckingham reports the sale of
lot 125x120 feet on the west line of Tenth
avenue, 100 feet north from I street, to
Reed & Brasch for 54750, on which five
houses will soon be erected; also the lot
on the east line of Tenth avenue, 175 feet
south from H street. 25x100, from Kate
Jones to Reed & Brasch for 51000. on
which a house will be erected; also a
house and lot on the northerly line of
Fifteenth street. 75 feet west from Shot
well street, to E. Coakley for 52500; also
a lot on the north line of I street, 22:6
feet east from Eleventh avenue, to E. L.
AValley for 5850.
Northwest corner of Devisadero and Turk
ttreets. for J,. W. Storer, the lot being 27x
SP:11 fe<»t, $0000; two lots on the west line
of Belcher street, 150 feet north from Four
teenth. 50x114 feet, for the Port Blakeley Lum
ber Company. $3050: lot 25x137 :« feet on the
north line of Post etreet, 175 feet west from
Laguna, for Louis Hauser. 53750; lot 25x127
feet on the west line of Fourteenth avenue,
275 feet north from Clement street. 5700; let
25rl00 feet on the north line of Lake street.
45 feet west from Sixth avenue, $000; lot 25x
sn feet on the west line of Tremont avenue,
635 feet south from Frederick etreet, $1000.
George H. Lent has bought the south.
wcet corner of Post and William streets,
20:2x67:6 feet, with three-story frame
building, from Marcus Roaej^thal for 524,
000; also 27x67:6 .feet adjoining the other
property mentioned, with three-story
building, for 516,500 from Mrs.. Betsy
Meyer. The deals were made through
Hooker & Lent.
The following sales have been made re
cently by McAfee Brothers:
Dr. Winslow Anderson has bought the
Greenebaum residence, at 1314 Pacific ave
nue, through the agency of Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co., with lot 25x134:6 feetr for
5-2,500.
Mrs. Margaret Gallagher has sold
through the agency of Guy T. Wayman
74:6x77:6 feet on the west line of Leaven
worth street, sixty-three feet north from
E'lis street, with four buildings bringing
in 5230 per month, for 53S.000.
The three-story frame building, with lot
22:Cx60 feet, on the west side of Powell
street, forty-eight feet north of Post
street, has been sold through Baldwin &
Howell to the well-known builder John J.
Mahony for S30,ooo. The same brokers
have also sold for Mrs. Abby M. Parrott
to B. F. Brisac and Maud H. Norton the
three-story brick building and lot, 25x60
feet, on the north side of Sacramento
street, forty feet west of Leidesdorff street,
for 521.600. Another sale by the same
firm, made in conjuction with A. J. Rich
& Co., was the John W. Van Bergen res
idence, 1720 Broadway, and lot, 71x137:6
feet, west of Gough street, for 527,500 to
Clarence Walter. Jose Cosha has pur
chased through Baldwin & Howell from
R. R. Provir.es the three-story frame
building at S46 Mission street, with lot,
2£xS0 feet, for 522,500.
A large transaction of which mention
has been made in detail was the sale of
the Sherith Israel site, on the northeast
corner of Post and Taylor streets, for
5125,000, subject to approval. The sum of
5150,000 is involved in the purchase by
Payot. Upham & Co. of the northeast cor
nei of Pine and Battery streets. I. Levy
has sold through the agency of Bovee,
Toy & Sonntag 40x60 feet on the north
line of Geary street, 4u:6 feet east from
Grant avenue, with improvements, con
sisting of a three-story brick building,
for 5136,000. Bovee. Toy & Sonntag re
pcrt that last week they sold properties
bringing the aggregate up to 5453,500.
The realty transactions in this city
during the present month have represent
ed upwards of H.600,000. The last week
was a record breaker in the matter of re
corded sales, tJie total value represented
being more than $1,600,000. The larger
transactions that have become a matter
of record in the last few days were the
transfer of the Livingston property In the
rear of the Occidental Hotel, on the north
line of Slitter street, to Samuel Knight
for $2?5,000; the sale of the Techau Tav
ern property, on Mason street, to Thomas
Turner and others for 5125,000; the deal by
which William J. Dingee secures the
northeast corner of Geary street and
Grant avenue from Davis Brothers for
5275,000; the purchase of 80x97:6 feet by
Charles Holbrook from Robert Dalziel, on
the southeast line of Mission street north
east from Second street, for 5125,000, and
the purchase by H. A. Hedger and Jere
miah Lynch of 75x77:6 feet on the north
line of Geary street, C2:6 feet east from
Jones, from the estate of N. K. Masten
for $129,000.
Past Week Also Leads All
Preceding Similar
Periods
April Realty Deals Make
Up a Total of Very
Large Size.
MONTH'S SALES
BREAK RECORDS
THE SAN FBAKCISCO;CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902.
Increase of street accommodation Indispensable.
This board is informed that the Third-street
railroad is to be reconstructed during the com
ing year.
The Board of Works met yesterday and
rejected the bids submitted for altera-
tions and additions to the Hearst School
building. The lowest bid was $9600, .or
$1100 more than the estimate, and the
Beard of Education directed that new
bids be Invited, especially as only two
contractors had submitted bids.
City, Attorney ( Lane rendered ah opinion
yesterday that Uhef Park Commission has
an" entirely '¦' independent % power_ ! : to f con
tract for its own supplies ¦ and material
May~ Contract for Supplies
'¦ Friday, May 9, will be Eagles' day at the
Bakersfleld ' Street j Fair and I Carnival. ; I Tickets
wlHbe sold at Santa Feofflcce,' 641 Market 8t.';
at ¦ one J fare ' for,-, the \ round j trip i for all ' trains
May 7, " arood : , to return until Max 11. ' This is a
good : chance to visit: the San A Joaquin ' Valley
and the? Kern. County Oil , Fields, r, , .;:¦ "¦¦
Eagles' : Bay at tie Bakersfield Fair.
£^\ Dr. Talcott & Co.,
Practice Confined to.
k$k> '>' Contracted and Functional'
}^^S^ Disorders of M en
/. L/|¥^^^5//\^ ' it CERTAINL.T CAN BE STATED WITHOUT FEAR
(£^j l\ "p / // °* contradiction that previous to our announcement ot Vxn
Ir"^ \\' 'riL ' ft i/) imi)ortance of uretlnral Inflammations and chronic prostatlc
M 1 \ It *\/ 1 '/ affections, as factors In disorders of men. that treatment
, '¦- ' f'i was conducted in an Impracticable and unsuccessful rran-
F. L. TAX.C0TT, M..D. . ner. Our brilliant cures and the adoption of our methods
),..,: •..-¦¦• . O by others is proof of its correctness.
WHY DRUCS FAIL-Many Men Treated for Weakness Which
Never Existed— Failure Due to Wrong Diagnosis.
, There Is a tendency nowadays to ascribe case? of lost vitality to lack of nerv*
force and to treat them as such, with tonics, _ electricity and stimulants, resulting la
but the most temporary beneflt^ir at all.
As a result of : observations, and practical experience. I have been convinced • that
the nerves play but a subsidiary role in the production of disorders of men. It Is
very unusual to find' any trouble In an otherwise rtrnr.sr man other than a damaged
prostate or deep urethral Inflammation, particularly in those whose disorders origi-
nated in too lone continued and too often repeated excitement, . or the harmful Influ-
ence exercised by an ill-treated contracted disorder, and if exhausted nerve force
seemed to be present, it is only as a concomitant, or perhaps we may say a compli-
cation of chronic . prostatttls, and disappeared with,' its cure. Still further, these
facts are .verified by purely local treatment, for procedures directed toward repairing
I the damaged sland nre always rewarded "by the most brilliant cures. ¦,
•p^ — —— -_ — -- • -¦ — __^ __ : : , »*>¦
I ¦¦¦ Special attention riven to Varicocele, Contagious Blood Diseases and ActitaT
I and Chronic . Urethral and ' Prcstatlc Inflammations. Consultation free and no I
I charge whatever ror treatment of any case In which cure Is not effected. Colored I
I chart of the organs and Dlajx.osia Blank sent free on application. I :.
O— — -—- —6
\ P. L. .Talcott, M. D.,"or Dr. Talcatt & Co., 997Mark8t Streo 1 , Cor, Sixth.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to AH Wiio Write.
Tree trial packages of a most remark-
«M- rerredy are being mailed to all who
\ i-l write to the State Medical Institute,
•i hi v cured so many men who had battled
- ".: year» against tho mental and phy«l-
iJ3 sufferings of lost manhood that the
lngtf'u'e has decided to distribute free
ii-ial Packages to all who write. It Is a
iiLne treatment, and all men who suffer
¦l-oru any lorxn of sexual weakness re*sult-
ii -from youthful folly, premature loss
t' tu-oiigth and memory, weak back, va-
r : 'cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
1 fcCt 0 * wj rmth and »eems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
"in- development just where it is needed,
in. cures all the Ills and troubles that
< u me from years of misuse of the natural
lurctions and has been an absolute suc-
*« m all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 328 Eiektron building-,
l s cr Wayne, Ind., etatlng that you desire
ilae- of their free trial packages, will be
compiled with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great clasi* <jt
uitsi v.-ho are unable to leave home to be
11-f atcii, and the free samples »will enable
uicm to see how easy It Is to be cured o(
sexual v.calineES when the proper reme-
cies am employed. The Inst'tute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
i>e sent a free cample, carefully scaled in
tt plain package, eo that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or' pub.'
»ir5ty. Ueader« are requested to wj-lte
without -detay.
A Mcst Bemarkabla Remedy Tint
tiuiekiy Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS,
SENT FREE TO MEN!
$ We desire to make up during the coming week the great loss in business consequent upon the interruption of street car traffic during the last six days. ' If the j
5 cars are not running to-morrow, we are going to make^it worth your while to walk. - If they are running, as seems probable at this writing, you -will -crowd tho e coming %
Jf this way. as they rarely have been crowded, to get aCchance '"at : .
S The most amazing bargain in New SiySish Silks ever offered. ; j
$ On Monday your unrestricted [choice ot '2,300 [yards of our regular 85 c, $1.00, $1.25 .* *
J Foulards, 2$ and 24 inches wide*^ ar^ j^a#v^ , $
S '&$ . /^ n d read the other offerings made in this advertisement. We are bo^u : : *
K H^w k *T?^ efS u ??°' T~~' WsiM0Wl^^ i Couch Covers. J
j; Heavy B.cachcd I jsh Linen Huck Towel- j.»fot»^.wt ..,..-,... ¦ . . . . ..- ' A beautiful new Iins— large assortment now oo ' Jf
I fo"r"rict e^ r hlnSr Z W]th 50 separate stores ;'; <?* • ; ' : \.*'^'' " ' ' :; Phone or Mall us : *to «***¦,&*.«*.* 3 to StOVf*
5 ready for US c;c,ch. . . . . . 1 7c each fully stocketl '- /£z s> Ss^*^ J^^fiJ' MBrr^r^ yourordersjfyou Fvtm *i,naw n n ~n %
£ — — ail under one roof can't come down. e.Xtra Sugar UOrn, *
$ f raSO^™ tt !iZ 0^ Do not rcgird The Emporium as^^ P.vvate Exchange 601. 9Oc a dozen. |
g <S\ for Summer I9 oa; endreiy «<«» Store With simply a i OUttter JuU Ot V is. STORt K^n °Pf atOrS W } ht COtineCt YOU This is the most remarkable qaoution $
IS yCS> n.w ide« b silks Ind h*n- that or the oilier ihfrg on sale I is m imth the department you' wish, to .trade in. ever made m San Francisco for choice ,{
| J ; d^ so many different s:yi« '$%$?% o wbwaiion ojstores, each as com- iS^jSft^^®®^^SS^K^% Vantages offei ed jor ihz dav win\ Sugar Corn, viz: J
5- that .t ls impossible to enter t i*te as Uwuoh under S'tarait r> ofc- >*erch ™wrs.m. the^Alps-^-which has .created great interest m be' yours as though you came in person. 10,000 tins of P^jjZ 5
If , into dcuil description. Be {^ aS 1 " 0J^ fi M\ aer hP a ] a '* r ' -^" all o!' the large Cities of ' the East, is DOW being shown in p.otnht dfilrnetv 'mad. In vn,,r hnnu> ThU Fancv W«r jfld&S** '5
£> / . s ., re hcuev-r that we c^n b:ter J or h; . conomy 1hat c .vies through the assma- „„-,..,.. *„ . „ , , , ° „ , r. ompi aeiliery made JO VOlir nome. inn rancy west- .^^va^^gggy «2
i A Se vou when you a e >*»"*/ *"»« .'«>• *'. »" '« rrihingto <at, dril.k, ° ur A ««ction Hall, jeccnd floor, free ol charge. Hourly is a sate store to trade vith. Absolutely one em Sugar Com #gJE^f|f '?
Jf / ready to select your New w«*r or ms at a decided swing over otdinary prices. IronUQ a. m. unUI closing > time daily. ..,,.-, prict to everylodv—m diviation from this rule. . offered for sale, I *
IS. -jL 23?"snk carriage Para- The DainUest of Dress Goods Special Monday. Our Elegant New - dlfot^rl^^^M I
i*^ Vf^V^^ ~ S ° h --. 7SC " 9 2- O P\SeiP2$?$tar UndGS*W&air Abcut 6o ° y" ds of 46-inch All-wool ImperialTwiH- A new and very desirable fabric for ManJGUr& Piiriot'S ~ ' V $/&£%&$ AM '5
»>* V^AV^^ ° S 3 ' n S Carrla S e i j- • i a c tuck;d waists and costum «, in all the leading shades of the season, light grays, medium grays, n m* m Cf MU tT% d&£z2&&fiWl %
S WM$&f ParaS ° 1S Ladies Imported Spun ;un> , navy> J^ in excencnt^ iVn /. Jy^Z/y. ± } ' Open May 1. %$ t/J S5 5
I TO PonUpir^' 60 Y$$^ RibbedT "wnTck,"- at 75c > yardmen 5p; q a l »l e Monday only," in : main aisle, yard ..'. . &JC The handsomest, most conveniently arranged, . %
! !C V&vffii <!Z ,' ±* nn W^>V^T\ s!eeve« deep fancy ""~~"~ ¦ r~~ '¦ . , ;"'.".. — ¦ and most complete Ladies* Hair Dressing and c«t Eastern lard, '. - '2
It W lw Sr.1,^t s *k P i"i f%3/' *'» ¦^•'S Useful Pieces Greatly Uhderpriced. ;gS?'^''-" k " mi «^>||g»^ '$
JC B^f C** 1 * SUk Parasol »— All- / )l^^eV\ '. *, ' * '$j'2B This special oiFering : is for Monday, only. It is an unusual opportunity to „¦ -_ .. _. ¦'¦/ Shaker Salt- In packages, each tOo %
* ' W r,"'° n - ¦ $*65 J^-'jIk] Th/^i • Ua '?^ Se § et P rc "y Bcrr y Dishcs » Water Pitchers, etc., at big reductions from cvery-day IlreSS^« 11 ' Cascs * New Stuffed Olves-Botde t*O -«
IV yr Chiffon Effects- Grass linen \ \£t neck, no sleeves, knee ¦— "¦ ' V° c ver « d ; ™} itr .Dishes— Six ;; different styles, round ..and square shapes, . " r /5^_^_—w Genuin: father; p ostu m Cerea! or Figprune Cereal Health .«
ft Vf 1 . and b:ack and white mixed \M' Jength, cosed in front, <&>Sii^^g^ .. V.«ne imitation of clear cut glass, 30c and 35c values -on Monday.^/© ¦STr-S^^^^^^^J Kned with Coffee ori Monday large size packa-es t9o '*
• £• II Parasols. . . - ' #/' we 1 trimmed, drawn ; i\|lwa|X })) . Water Pifchers— Two styles, plain , or frosted glass, regular l^^I^=====^it sbirt fold in- Corned Beef Rex brand on Monday 1 1b 5
\tl . . $z.do to $7,50 with silk braid; colors: IWHiffl J'/ '¦'• ' C8 ' a5 c » n «l 3 S^ values— special Monday . ... ... . JQ q Y r^ S====^""~^ | lide ' solid tins '....-' 9o «
• V Pretty Parasols for Childnen as ch-a P a5. .. white, pink or sky; suit. ... .5!/© SKlfc^ " : SL^ T ' Ca^e Dish— On foot, 10-inch size, a, very ..pretty pattern of \\ . brass lock loose Muscatel Raiiin's i-c*rown -i" Its. i?4fo 3»
IS . 25C Each Merode-Fine Egyptian Co:toa Under- : Jjjgtf \W '/^^ - - . A^taUon cut glass value for 4S c-special Monday .. 25c . '^J : and bolt, the Olives, b«t ripe or Manzanilla, quart . 25O «
j ft : garments for women; vests, pants and eques- fC_3f|i|/ I^W$75 ;; ' ¦.'.¦.Oil. or. .Vinegar Bottle — Bohenran Clear Glass, I s^____ sss^ 23^?!^ our rzes at -
I X j BCdditltM lAil#£fJ*<S. trian tghts in all'stylcs; no better wearing or I (f^i^^^y^t^OPS^' ¦>, decorated with gilt and flowers, worth ace — «L JL "^^TL— f" these prices: __ tiV*» >.« «-», "»- •" *
|8 FineWHU El'n-eU (CcttoTwar^WDeep knit a 6 arme^ made » in «» m wh5te U^^Ut^Sj||#^^A " ***** Monday y ,;.,.,.,. . . t7o ' so-in. BSSt SslllHg BOOkS, %
\K binding 72 inches wide, 5 .lbs weight; Ladies^' Je" ey'Tbbed Fine Cotton Conefcof- , '¦ .: £«*%£*' i$*Ay ' $^*^*i^ \ . 2i-in. * 4 -5n. ' j£° SpOGtat Gltt -PHGBSm *
r ». warmth and wear combined w.th>fine appear- ers - High , neck, long sleeves, white only; X ' '^' '..¦': :Mond»y, sit i>f 6 .... I -.- \ .:. 246 • $5-00 |6.oo "The Conqueror," -by Atherton, for . $1.20 '5
!S r anCC ii f>CT t P ! !r " A '/; ' ' '.-S2O8 each . . •. . ... . 3ffo Water Tumb ers— Venetian ribbed, crystal or emerald glass, worth 80c a dozen— special Mon- i : "Norman Holt," by General Charles King, «
k Oray blankets— Good for camping or h. me . ¦ day, set of 6 . ...... ... r r % «4e q.._ c T 'I 4 -A 4" V for "100 S
t 5552^^5^jf|SJ Any Pair of • Out- »'>™»*-^>><'«>^:^*^,^ ¦*+j..iuo J!™£*^°' T t'£?"£% |g MW&& t" " ' U%% i
I *UP* WyPJS"' - & Sale of choicest Madras. r^? 1 :^^---- 86 " G " mt " k -" l "^l- ; »" I
|Jf 7 »i«i»«a« i -pi'. --..... *7.4s Gloves, §1.29. 35c Quality for 18a. r^» To»d>p»w^,h, 8 , fc .td« tao — — >
* Wh^ ••'••••• S1.25 ii:s'o Kid GWes-the largest and [TT Y) A Y *A J yards of the finest 2nd prettiest Cocoa Butter, frr toilet use, tins.. . . . 1O C weight, dose weave, ha.f-bleached, k.\ £ >£
jf PtllOW Cases— Neatly and . carefully the best stock in San Francisco— we offer you Madras produced this reason. They are 32 inches wide, beautifully mercer- Dr. Lambert's S'<b Soap, 3 cakes. . . .4OC inches wide; at the very attactive __ j?
J made from undrened white pillow muslin, choice of any pair 'of $1. 50 Glace Kid ized, and none of them worth less than 35c a', yard, for this one -Ttf* Dr. Lambert's Cucumber Benzoin Witch price, per yard 55C £
V dayonly e«h ° a 9c '" "^ "" < ' y ' P " special sale, on Monday only, the price will 'be. M$8G Hazel Lotion, 8 oz.: bottle;. . . .' . 25C Lunch Napkins — On special sale Monday J
$ Eleachtd iKeetir.5-For* 3> 'beds' (ividth 63 ThSe come' in a complete' line of' cfi'^S Or « and y — 68 »<=hes • wide, finely WaistiVg Batiste-A new 'line ' of the raised P«^«s Manicure Set, consisting of large naU ? nI y» 1 20 dozen Fringed Lbe:» Nipkins; !4^g
X inches), heavy Ind «ndr«ied; mill p.ice to- & black, have St Paris Point Sicks woven ' A ™* fabric ' • • • 29O *«*» ™*\ ™ 3« inches wide, stylishly buff Y' ?f b ° X ° f P ° vdtr ' Ona & e S" f f "^ f Wth C ° 0rCd 5
J day, ,6c per yard; our sale price forMonday S^S^^^SS^^ Twilled Caktea and Covert Cioth 'Suiting- $^$&M ' ¦ ' -Stfo -« d and emery boards 5 JO borders; instead of 7S c a dozen, J
J o nI X 13*AC with one, two or three clasps. For outing suits and skirts yard fgL Mer " riZed Zephyrs^PIain colors, blue, tan, : Vio!ette Blanc Toilet Water, 6 oz. bottle 24© P ' "¦¦«»«* J
t£ „ 7 " =T— ¦" ¦ ' - '. ' ''^KO -P'nk, green, gray, etc., yard. .. .2OC Bathing Caps, good quality Mackintosh. 15a ' 5
X feet Lise Thread Hose n- .. OflOaifSO YOU HiiVQ Little Money, W<3 Are Five great bargains to-mcrrow and Tuesday, if £
Jf J\ in a Iar * c «» e ty of the On sht y dlffcrcnt artlcIes in Furniture department the reduction of a third; Selling Genuine $10,00 to $16.50 Suits S?"T- laSt ' P<>Sit:Vely ** M °^ a 5
S 3f. M wT^r^hS 1^™-^ 0 *^ cddlot. (Small Broken Lots) at "Seven-Forty." JE^Z*££ZZZ 6-inch J
S Sed ht'lsTnd double thlS Hands0 ™> Wi » reliable Furn.ture. Here arc a few A gOOCi' aSSOrtlTient Still left Of these I Q O2 embroidery, regular value special to-mor- -S
5 3%t*. 4 soles, P erpair,only25C Sam P lc F^CS: • amVa.S^ 111 Men's Fi'nP Sll'ftq PmhrflHrifT-" -Q/. """ 6 ~ ? S
tf > *J Lades' Imported Herms- • Pedestal Extension Table, like cut, solid golden oak « 11IV^^ "J "1CI1 b rill? OU11S, emDraCing QS32 Ladies* Cambric Skirt-Deep flounce of em- §
g V */ . dorf Black Two-thread ' . and well finished; extends six feet; for- -.-• >> e rg6S,. CfieVlOtS, CaSSlITiereS and Vi~ \W broidery, under ruffle, yoke band, regularly X
Jf ViT '• MlC ° Cotton H °* S> wh5te S^~" ~~~~ """^^ rnerly |i6. 5 o, now . ...... . $IM.UU CLUiaS. in nobbv «strinP«; nVPrniairlc: A^rk *I. 10; special to-morrow. . .. . 73O _j|
I \*f ' flcur dc lis and lovers' jT^ _^ yQolde1l^Oak||SWefi ? arU|^ OVerplaidS, Ladies' Muslin Skirt-De,p flounce of em- 5
jjf V""f knoa, high spliced heels '__ ~±JT?' ' ' swdI front drawers, elegantly carved top with "odd CneCKSanCl plain miXtUreS; these gaf- f\ 7\ broidery under ruffl: and dust ruffl- cluster S
\x 1*1 "' aDd doub:e wlra uP* ir 'oi ~.\IF m^ • .-** ped . 1 - 8 x 4 ° in f h^, F ; cnch^ bcvel «o#? #?7 ments' are cut in correct styles with I i \ - wcks °? a embroidcr y. w™j s**** 5
•». . /*V . ..... v .25C - r Sl p!*tc mirror; regularly I40.00, now U r «,j .t, ¦¦¦¦,,-¦¦¦ , , .. 1CO » • w , u " / / c /\ special to-morrow S5o X
* Children's Fast Black Lisle Hcse, drop stitch or W bureau with swell front drawers and " 14x30 inch bevel BoysV Sailor, Md VcStee SvHS— For ages 3 to 8 years; \~\ if Ladies Fine Cambric, Full-Width Skirt— D:ep X
X open wcrk effects, high spliced heels and * 9 mirror and good washstandy-regularly -*— ,-^-L broken lots of our regular A'C.OO lines- now ff?^Z.Q , .flounce r of embroidery, with wide insertions ;'?.- 5
%> double soles, s ; Z es 5 to 8tf, pair . . 25C told for $ 39.00, now . . . . . .§26,00 n., 11. . n. v n,j » ,/, /'^ / of cmbro:dery, under flounce, re gu'ar ralue %
* Ou:c-r«V Imported Hermsdorf Black Lace Mantel Folding Bed, with swinging French plate mirror over top, best adjustable mmm °? C ™ h l °J^ Th«e-Year-OId BoyS-Made of good quality f fi-JSi special to-morrow . . . $U1Q . J
* Lj^ Hose, entirely new d«gn», sizes s to woven wire mattress; reduced from 5*6.oo to ............ SO brown duck; jus: this one S1Z= only; now fSo ill u ¦ ' " *
X *A> f' T 5%JO E nam el c d Iron B«d, double size, pretty scroll effect, 57 inches high, best malleable 4>#mg% n Men's Madrrs and Percale Goll ShirlS 69o I I I HOUSO FtfrnJShfntJS that X
$ Dress Linings, &§^<S^?i^ / / are Seasonable, 5
X A new 36-Inch Lining that looks like silk; Child * Enameled Iron Bed, with brass railing on sides -" _•' - : ' Men's Solid Color MacO Yarn Hosicrv Mart" ' n 7n«. LI Soft Wood Window Screens ..... 20© ' ; S
X black and colors; yard tS o ?* CD \ h " v y wove # n wlrc mattr ««i « ld^ «» .«« « frTTTO • _J „; n0SICrV » bIack or j"J i .; W Hardwooa Window Screens .... . 2S O *
» 27-Inch Silk Sergei-Black and colors; yard down; reduced from $,6.oo to .. «#« jy [4^ ffTl 3TT KfTil */ C 7 V, * ' I' V ' V " ' ' * " ' ' " 1*O U/ \{\' Three-quart Ice Cream Freezer, .. $U 75 *
V 6Do '%£' k\,\C ' tW : l " * ¦ & 8UmO * i JU £ - »4t 3: - e^T* ' Mcns Soft Bleached Cambric Handkerchiefs, hemstitched Q Vd Two-quart Ice Cream Freezer, .. .$1.5J 5
If 36-Inch Black Mercerized Sateen; y«l.2UO Gol . d:n O« l'br»ry .able, wth drawer, fi _ _ J 9> 1 I^TTTTf or cord edge . . . . IS* A£5i One-burner double ring Gas Stove, .. 4-UO %
J Finest Mercerzed Sateen-Permanent finish; D V* *$* mch " J V^Jf^l no Y k^*»' fZ it" 1 If f — — — - ' ............00 Two-burner large Gas Stove, . . . $i.QU .*
* varH * ¦-¦ P«r!cr Kockcr, hand-polished oak, with saddle scat, il-i^tit^- M J- J. I £+^g^ «• «~, Z ZZ Z " Tin Ov-is for Gas Stoves <S1 2f+ $
i wSMoree'nslBla'ckini^orsj'y^JoS V " y "^^ «""« **'¦*> ™ QSl O^ I 1 P^B Sale Of Qarpet RemnSKtS, iSt Zl\ '. [ '. ?
X • • • • • "/ ', %'•?* . t . Tapestry Carpets— In length from 2 to so yar'ds, worth 60c to 90c yard, row cut to 4On One-burner Blue Flame Oil Stovs . $3.85 S
J Men'S $3.5O ShoeS, UhT W J°, okc ". e ' l 0 -" 1 "^" °"J fin ! $h ' wth ad J us - fi V In - rain Carpets-In length, from 1 to 15 yard,, worth from 50c to 75c the yard, nowTuito Two-Burner Blue Fiame Oil Stove .$5.35 9
V Ven Nf>WP><*t &b!e * heIVe5f " Ze 68 * 31 IBChcSi reduCed At-ann • ' E .......;.............. 5 Y ' o*r" Hardwood Ice Bcxe, ...... $5.65 5
» V / "«•*«*' «/'e*' from $16. 50 to. •¦•¦•¦¦•".•¦*> &ll'UU IM W Linen Warp Matting-From J to 1 a yard length,, 25c and 35c "vaW now cut to '* IQn Good Braa l Bhd <*** '¦ - ¦ • 9 >O «
I n These are the Parlor Table w.th odd shaped 24-nch top and . eagle . Ma ttir g Rug S -Finc Japan «c ]inen warp, size "3,6^ feet, Gr dan^borders redded for Garden H.se, extra quaUty foot Q D S
S M ¦ shoe, that are claw feet, e.ther mahogany or go den oak _ _ :, this weekTromi" 00 to .......... * ' ¦. ' " if J% Garden Rake,, fiill size, each ... . 25o *
X In /i\ "0^ worn by finish; regular $4.50 value; now . &JF.UU . •-' All-WOOl Smyrna ftug S -^60 inches,' TuikiV ind floral ' effect, ' S'u^arS Full size Garden Hoe,, each . . . . . 2 5o %
X hi /f\ men who form- Upholstered Rockers, mahogany or birdseye map!e, • hand-po'ished, silk tapestry - »_ ** — f 2.75, this week ..: e«cca, «|Uiariy ¦ -
X U rM\W ' a r n y d Pa < d 6t 5 o°a «v«ed seatjreduced from f 4 .2 5 to . . v . ..... ........ $2. 34- FiyrB^aUO^nslU^ /•««*# /•#»•.»# 5
X IK I yt\v'i »nu jo. 00 a __ — ; _* ¦__ 1 ¦ ¦ . week,' per square yard • . .;¦"¦.• . . . * 4.Sn UIOUM l/farcl \S
S nW\^Lm C"J e btr« ** SS?UJK? Bags Sa '° ot Musl ° F °"os. ;. w - iif -„. tr r ,"- "¦" ' —j For 30o Gallon, i
X Jimi W r' 6 "" T A P^eS. Brain-rd's Ragtime Folio,, containing 2 S W^S# SetS, 16C. 9 Two Great CigaV Specials f Oa Monday only we offer an excellent quant. I
V SlSJ iv\§ ImittOon ¦ A^^ ' M "^\ etc '» P«blishedat 75c; SOO -.good quality Gold Plated Waist Set,, en- „ /" ? ,£ of uble claret, that cannot be bought el,2 J
J H^»|-4\^?' : ¦•ell at thi. price. tor Club Bag, /r^^\ special Monday only, each. ..._. J - - f = '• For the Coming We; k: where under 50c a gallon for 30O 5
fC i f They " mc ? iy*. A Z art . icle GSSm&Em&T,' c . ;r i ; • •_* ..• • • :.• * • : fr *»p C_D/ m (i\ fs\ t~LJ mi~4K-~~ KM m i- Kentucky Belle Whiskey,' Bourbon, full quart "^
•f fiT" 1^! \SC\ * tan calf, black fo r .shopping, X"uV ° 'S. SUr Dance Folio, containing 40 instrumental -^Tf If 3 R •-^ Sfi. NathBIM HSiQ 5C bottle, Monday BSo 5
X 1 I Vid *** VeI ° Ur "P' m l b0 ° kS| m } &^ '*$Sfi^i'&^^^ I \\ VV jUL PiwafC « /am 5X« v Malt Tonic. Pabst Best; * Monday," doz-n X
X \ Jf and box ca'f, 1 fnc h, .etc., n|(toD^ ¦• fpziW.- and coon songs, published at 75c; on Of> /^N J | || XJ /gjtiiSs. **BGjiarS 9 & tOr kl&Cm »2 25' X
X "%^ patent leather linen 1 i n e d ,. special sale Monday only ... . n?9Q \§^&) W JRi Uj VlSilett's "BH" Imported Gin. White Swan," J. T. Mete* • *
?» an^ F*- ent v ' c ' pocket .inside, ¦ . 7 _ «vT" -¦ >^ i "T"-" m . , . .¦ ; * . .^^^^"^ . ¦*"¦"*»¦*'*» m*am Zoon Monday tott!e S5o
J kid, all with Goodyear welted so'es— lace sliding lo:k— 10-in., $u 20; 1 i-in., $1.35; Arabian GUrtainSm • ameled or embossed buttons or pin set, con- Q i&arSm 4- fO9* 25Cm Apricat' Brandy- delightful after-dinner cordal %
j^» shies, button shoes, oxfbrd ties. There may 12-in., $1,505 13-in., '. jf 1.65; 14-in., The kindahat everybody wants; some new ar- .sisting of one .', pair of dumb link, with four ¦ *r . * , per bottle '. \ . . . . ... .$1*00 •*
X be ether shces as good for the price, but $1.80; 15-in., 1 1. 95; 16-in., J2. ibj rivali in the choicest designs, ' per pair \ buttons cr pins— on special sale, Mon-^^ By the Box at Same Prices. . Burke" s Ale or Stout, Guinness* "per dozen X
K ' there are none better made for . . $3»5O 17-in., $2.25; 18-in., {2.35. ' ..... . . ." . . . . . $5mOO day only, complete set for . . . IO0 Q q .......... ' $2 15 "5
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM. ,
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM,By GUISARD.
BERN H ARDT TO APPEAR
IN A CRAWFORD
SUCCESS.
By BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
GIVES ORGAN RECITAL
THAT WAS WORTHY
OF HEARING.
Special information . supplied dally to
busmess houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230'Cali
fornia- street. Telephone Main 1042 •
Townsend's California glace fruit, BOc a
pound,' In nre-etched boxes or Jap. bask
f!^ # •»/¦', nI ? e P re ? en t f or Eastern . friends.
639 Market. St.. Palace Hotel buildin" •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's*
The Northern Pacific Railway Is the best,
cheapest an* quickest route. Frow Lewlston
and Ktites. Idaho, there are rood wauon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from points
the trails Into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. . address T. K. STATELER*
G. A.. 647 Market eL. S. F.
fP Going to Thunder Mountain PP
BICYCLES— Constant Reader, Sonoma,
Cal. The prohibition of riding on bicycles
on railroad platform is not regulated by
State law, but by the railroad companies,
on the ground that such riding its danger
ous.
ELIZABETH— A Subscriber, City. The
diminutives of the Christian name Eliza
beth are: Bess, Bessy or Bessie, Betsy,
Betty, Lizzy or Lizzie, Libby and Lisa.
FIRST CBNSU&-W. J., Susanville, Cal.
The first census of the United States wa3
taken In June,' 1790, and It showed a popu
lation of 3,927,872.
It is to be hoped; /that a considerable number of representative; San Franciscans can find it
convenient to make an to the county. It is certain that a knowledge of; the resources
and beauties of, the district, acquired by actual sight, will .augment: the} enthusiasms ' of the sup
porters of the promotion: ! movement and increase their ability to help the enterprise. . In addition
to the profit likely to be derived from the visit, it is worth while also to consider the pleasure of it.
A holiday is always ;wprth;having at this season of the year;and there is no better place on the globe
to enjoy it than : among? the hospitable people of Tuiare/ V'.
When once a movement is started it should be kept moving, and whatever helps to keep up
the motion is good. This invitation from Tulare is " a good evidence that the people ; of the interior
are eager to ,be;at work in r the;promqtipn enterprise, and that they.also wish to see something going
on. It is all well enough^men to know that alotofadvertising is being done in tfe East and
a great Ideal; of good .'work 'in .San Francisco,; but the people of the interior will naturally wish to
have visible : d^monst ration";. that the movement is a big/thing and has a /strbng body of men to
back it. Excursions;: to; difTererit parts of > Northern (California ; will therefore be efficacious in keep
"ingalive locai:zeal;asjwell^s : increasing the knowledge; and Augmenting the efficiency: of the San
Francisco promotersrlt/is to^be; hoped then that the Tulare invitation will: be" accepted,, and ; that
,the right men wiirmakeUhe^trip. • N , . \ •*....
FROM Tulare there conies an invitation to the businessmen of San Francisco, to visit the
county and-see the sights. It is a cordial invitation- and it comes timely and pertinent to
the moveinentnpw under way for promoting the welfare of Northern California. Our busi
ness men, as the Visalia Times says, /'ought to be acquainted with i the character of land in
the different sections, fincl out ;whether ; it is held at reasonable prices, what the chances are for prof
itable investments, and be -able to speak intelligently when any question comes up regarding any
portion of the San Joaquin and:Sacramento vallevs." '
j*l txjij-a.^hj iosr'virr^A.Tioisr.
OIL WELL-S., City. . The first oil well
sunk In the United States of which there
Is any record was at Oil Creek, Pa. Octo
f ber 16, 1859.
Patience— Tou say while abroad she had
a chance to be presented at court and she
didn't accept?
Patrice— Yes; she heard when she got
in the presence of royalty she'd- have to
back out of the room.
"Well?"
"She backed out."— Tonkers Statesman.
Crooks claim our Judges out to take
To epigram. It's wrong
Of learned gentlemen to make
Their sentences too long.
• Philadelphia Press.
OLD HALVES-W. S. P.. Laytonville.
Cal. No premium is offered for half
dollars of 1822 and 1839.
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
THE DEBT IN 1860-Enquirer, City
The debt of the United States on July 1
1860. was $64,842,287. y '
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Nat Goodwin and Maxlne Elliott follow
Mr. Willard at the Columbia, beginning a
two weeks'^ engagement with "When \V«
Were Twenty-one" to-morrow evening.
• •• •
Finely, indeed, did Mr. Willard portray
the mingled emotions of Garrlck, the love
for Ada Ingot, distress .at his unlucky
vow, contempt for. the vulgar crowd be
fore whom he Is lowering* himself, prida
In hla art, the various stages of intoxi
cation, the temptation, to reinstate himself
with the girl and the final effort of fcia
queer . sacrifice. . The scene with tha
bourgeois papa that precedes this Is also
a gem, the actor and the vulgar city
father, with all the good will In the world.
vairJy attempting to meet on common
ground. Thea. Tom Pinch's farewell to
Mr. Pecksniff, the mad scene In "The Car
dinal" and yet others stick closely to a
grateful memory and mark Mr. Wlllard'8
as of the most notable engagements of
the season.
quickness- of ' shading Is the "drunken
scene" from "David Garrlck," in which
Mr. Willard came out nol>ly. Every qual
ity of the actor's art Is here brought into
requisition. Garrick j has promised to dis
gust a stage-struck maiden with his too
attractive self, but too late discovers that
the damsel is a long-adored flame. Ho
has, however, given his word to her father
and at a dinner at his inamorata's house)
with, for other guests, some stupid rich,
city people, he acts the drunken rake.
WELL-KNOWN -ACTOR AND
ACTRESS WHO OPEN AT THE
COLUMBIA TO-MORROW.
THE concert programme of last
week contained the unusual item
of an organ recital, further un
usual in being worthy in pro
gramme and competently ren
dered. I do not remember of late any
other Instance of this form of entertain
ment (with the exception of one other
programme by the same organist that I
unfortunately missed), not indeed since
the recitals on the Stanford organ during
the Epworth League Convention of last
year. The recital in question, was given
on Thursday evening last at Trinity
Church by Louis H. Eaton, who succeed
ed Dr. H. J. Stewart at the Trinity
Church organ. Mr. Eaton's programme
attracted .me in the first instance, for I
found thereon some of the noblest contri
butions to organ literature, and In the
second place, as an executant I found
him distinctly worthy of consideration.
I discovered further that Mr. Eaton held
congenial views on the whole duty of or
ganists, a subject on which I confess to
having opinions myself.
/ It is in def erenc* to these views that
Mr. Eaton conceives it his pleasurable
duty to do something to further the cause
of organ-playing here that his confreres
of the craft have so lamentably permitted
to drop into the background. Dr. Stewart
did much during his incumbency at Trin
ity Church with his Sunday recitals after
the afternoon service. Mr. Eaton contin
ued the good work, and now with the dis
appearance of the Sunday afternoon serv
ice has inaugurated the present series of.
week night recitals. The first recital was
well attended, that of Thursday night
rather sparsely, owing, no doubt, to the
strike. The next should see a good audi
ence, for Mr. Eaton handles his instru
ment very effectively and provides the
best of organ fare. He is also assisted
by singers from the Trinity choir, who
add a "welcome variety to the programme.
Here is the Thursday evening pro
gramme. In which Mr. Eaton was assisted
by Miss Millie Flynn:
Johaan Sebastian Bach (1CSS-17I.0), Toccata
and Fugu« in C major, toccato, allegretto,
adagio, fugue; Louis Nicolas Clerambault
(1676-1749). prelude; Johann Bebastlaa Bach.
soprano eolo. "I Follow The* Also" (from tha
Et. John Passion). Mise Flynn; Alfred Hollins.
concert overture In C minor; Felix ' Alexandra
Gullmant (1SS7), cp. 17, "Funeral March and
Hymn of geraphs"; Antonla Dvorak (1842), so
prano eolo, "Oh, Grant Me in th« Dust to
Fall," from St. Ludmlla, Miss Flynn; Felix
Alexandra Gullmant, op. 15, "Cantilena Pas
torale"; Felix Alexandra Gullraant, op. 80, So
nata Xo. 5. a) Allerro Appassionato, (H) Ada-
Brio con molt, espresslone, (III) Scherzo. (TV)
Recltatlvo. (V) Choral and Fugue.
Gullmant, the famous French organist,
whose name figures so prominently on
the foregoing programme, is Mr. Eaton's
musical sponsor. The Trinity Church or
ganist, who was then of New Bedford,
Massachusetts, beard Gullmant during
one of bis American tours and followed
him to Paris. He studied there with the
clever Frenchman and now preaches his
creed enthusiastically. Naturally Guil
mant is his god of the organ bench,
though Mr. Eaton would perhapa allow
the other great Frenchman. ' "WIdor. to be
his prophet. At any rate the Widor sym
phonies are prominent numbers on his
recital programmes.
Mr. Eaton is a little disappointed in us.
He Is struct by the fact, as every organ
ist must be, of the absence of a fitting
music hall here, equipped with a.' suitable
organ. Then onr Laodicean attitude in
symphony matters strikes the energetic
Easterner with something like dismay.
One recalls now scene, now another,
with the neyer r failing , pleasure \; in Mr.
Willard's art, with its ; constant accom
paniment of an eloquent beauty of diction
and utmost . conscientiousness of tech
nique. How happily -fatuous the profes
sor; In love, and, unaware of it, .with his
secretary! A lovely ; piece - of fooling and
one in which the actor is richly sufficient.
A test scene for variety of . effect r and
Of the quartet of admirable portraits
with which E. S. Willard has lately en
riched ; the local dramatic gallery, Hone
perhaps, Is more consistently charming
than his Tom PinchMn the modest Htt'.»
play of the name, given' this week at the
Columbia Theater. Nearest * to it comes
the professor. * in r "The : Professor's Love
Story,'.' a character >ot unlike. in general
outline. His David Garrlck strikes <ju!te
another note, the man ofj the world/ pol
ished, witty, famous, and here again the
accomplished actor -fills in the picture
with eminent satisfaction. /As the Car
dinal Mr. .Willard ; has ¦ a 1 widely different
role and , his' lofty, performance is another
triumph of versatility.'
It almost seems as if there might be a
chance at the play out here, in the course
of the year or so that usually elapses be
tween the Eastern production and its
Western echo. But why not for once be
to the fore with a simultaneous- produc
tion?. I do not see why the Grand Opera
house should not produce it during the
Morgan-Fealey season. If Jh-. Morgan
can play Romeo to Miss Kealey's Juliet
as Is programmed for their forthcoming
engagement, certainly there is no good
reason why he should not play Paolo to
Miss Fealey's Francesca. And from what
I can gather the young star should make
a charming daughter of the' house of Ri
mini. There would be no scenic dlfflcultie*
in the way of production. Under Mr
Ackerman's regime the theater has be
come, famous for the handsome and cor
rect settings afforded to every play put or
there. Also, not unimportant, the Grand
Opera-house stock company would be
competent to . furnish a respectable sup
port. What is the matter with "Fran
cesca da Rimini." Mr. Ackerman? -
Mr. Skinner has found considerable
profit in his timely revival of "Fran
cesca," in which he has been appearing
with considerable success in the Eastern
States for some time now. .
If the success attending the Otis Skinner
revival of Boker's version of the pla^—in
spired by the London production of Phil
lips' "Paolo and Francesca"— still con
tinue, it is possible that Easterners may
have the gracious chance of comparison
between the • Boker and d'Annunzio
editions. The Boker edition Is both pic
turesque and dignified, while lacking the
rare poetic grace that distinguishes the
Stephen Phillips drama, and It Is likely
that the .d'Annunzio version will be
marked by still wider differences of at
mosphere and treatment. ¦ . *
The famous »d'Annunzio edition of
"Francesca da Rimini," rejected of the
Roman censorship but madly adored of
the Roman multitudes, will be seen In
Boston next October. Eleonora Duse will
there begin her American engagement, at
the Tremont Theater, and will open with
d'Annunzlo's play. Gustave Salvini may
be the Paolo. -
• ¦ - • • .
As to the play, Mr. Crawford's work
seems to be of a somewhat supereroga
tory character. There are Boker, Stephen
Phillips, and now d'Annunzio,- each with
a seemly edition of the noble Dante story.
So why Mr. - Crawford? And. the end is
not yet. Already, indeed, one can count
almost as many. versions of the ancient
tale as there were "Nell Gwynnes," dur
ing the. recent restoration of that hand
some orange wench to her merry mon
anrchy. If only— ye gods!— some local
playsmitlvbe not seduced by the boom in
da Rimini s to hammer another Into shape,
to be produced at the Central Theater
with Robert Downing as Paolo!
• :•'•••
The stealing may and mystery of your spirit,
as Phillips' Paolo puts it, will be grateful
to the famous actress Is» matter for specu
lation. Here are not the "raptures and
roses of vice," the Camille, Phaedrs
and Theodora gamut,' =- v to which Bern
hardt has so long attuned her art. It is
a harking back to her. Juliet period, and
as such is bound to be a vastly interest
ing experiment. ' - - '
That delicate air and flowery sigh of you.
Last week was the time set for Its.pro
duction, Paris the place, and one waits to
hear the rest. . Mme. Bernhardt is not at
all the person to sign her name to a fail
ure, and it seems therefore likely that
Mr. Crawford has made a good play out
of the Immortal story. Whether or not
the character of the hapless lady—
IT appears that the "divine Sarah" is
again about to betake - herself to the
petticoats that so eminently become
: her. Nor "Hamlet," nor "L'Aiglon,"
nor anything of that ilk is her latest
adventure, but a new adaptation of the
Francesca da Rimini story by F. Marion
Crawford. •
Whether business capacity , or scientific research is • doing - most for the advancement of
mankipd is a question not worth .while to discuss. It is fortunate that the world has. the "benefit
of the labors of both. There never was a time when mankind was so uniformly well off as ""-now,
nor when* so many men of high abilities were engaged .In undertakings which make to the ad
vancement of humanity as a whole. If Kelvin and Eliot are right as to the advantage of highly
specialized training we can easily afford to send a host of young men to foreign colleges to^add to
their home learning all that is to be gained abroad. ..There" will .'..always be enough remaining /at
home to attend to business and become the 'millionaires of the future. : : fc: - ~ V T ; ,.;
After referring to the fact that when he graduated from Yale there were but two multi-mil
lionaires in the country, Astor and Vanderbilt, neither of whom was then worth ten millions, and con
trasting the condition to-day when so many vast fortunes are conspicuous, he said: "Most of the
possessors of them have shown a wise generosity in the distribution of their wealth. In no other
country in the world, at no other period, have the rich from their abundance given so lavishly to
education, philanthropy and patriotism. Last year the known sums which were thus contributed
amounted to the high figure of $107,360,000."
. It is to be understood, of course, that the "professions" to which the Harvard scholar re
ferred are not restricted to the old familiar three of church, ' bar and medicine, but include the
whole body of experts, whose work rests upon scientific training. Understood in that broad mean
ing, the statement will hardly be disputed. The greater part of the progress of our time is origi
nated by scientists, and the statesmen and the financiers and the captains of industry are doing not
much more than applying in practice the truths discovered by the expert investigators.
While all that'is true, it must not be overlooked that the practical men of the world are far
more potent and far more, useful than is intimated by Kelvin and Eliot. Senator Depew presented
their side of the case by pointing out in a speech before trie Montauk Club what has been done by
the business magnates of this country, not only in accumulating wealth, extending trade and aug
menting industry, but by applying it to charitable and educationaluses.
Developing his t theme President Eiiot went on to; say: "The social and industrial powers,
and the moral influences which strengthen and uplift modern society, are no longer in the hands:
of legislatures,, or political parties or public men. AH -these political agencies are becoming second
ary and subordinate influences. They, neither originate nor lead; they sometimes regulate and set
bounds, and often impede. The real inventions and motive powers which impel society forward and
upward spring from those bodies of well-trained, alert and progressive men known as. the profes
sions. They give effect to the discoveries or imaginings of genius. All the large businesses and new
enterprises depend for their success on the advice and co-operation of the professions." ¦
President Eliot, speaking at ColumbiaUniversity and addressing an academic audience, said:
"The progress and prosperity of modern communities is going'' to depend hereafter much more
than ever before on the large groups of highly trained men which the universities are educating."
That statement sustains the view taken by Kelvin, and implies that we are to look for the leaders '
of the future not to the man who can get votes at home, but to;liim who has an enlarged and
special knowledge and skill which^will enable him to command attention and exert influence re
gardless of local favor or prejudice. ""¦¦¦• r
THREE men of first-class eminence— Lord Kelvin, President Eliot of Harvard and Se'nator "
Depew — recently spoke \o the American people almost coincidently. They spoke under
widely differing circumstances and upon topics bearing no direct relation to one another,
and yet each of the three had much to say upon the advancement of humanity.
Lord Kelvin spoke to the public through^an interview with represent ativjes of the press on
his arrival ai New York. His theme was the scholarship fund left to Oxford by Cecil Rhodes for
the benefit of students from the United States, Germany and the British colonies. "The aver
age young man," said Kelvin, "should .begin his career when he is twenty-one years old, and he
ought to take his university course in his own country. For such men the Rhodes bequest will be
of no advantage, but those who are to. be. scientists or scholars must have six or eight years of
training in the universities, and it is of advantage to them to study in other lands as well as in
their own." Such men, he went on to say, may not become local leaders, .but are likely to be world '
leaders by the influence they exert. through science or. letters.
THE OF HEXJ^E^.^m:"y.
"Harmonious Blacksmith" (Handel), Miss
Cecil Cowles (age 8 years); "Andante and Va
riations" (Haydn), Miss Lily Blum (age 10
years); (a) "Kammenoi Ostrol" (Rubinstein),
<b) "Polonaise" (Chopin). Mls» Lydla Reln
¦teln; "Allegro ' from Concerto in G" ' (Vlottl),
Mice Amy Petersen, accompanied by Mrs. Po
tersen; (a) "Concert Etude" (McDowell) (b)
"The Ju«ler" (Moszkowskl), Miss Josla
Coonan; (a) "Etude, Op. 10, No. 12" (Chopin),
(b) "Etuda. Op. 25. No. 2" (Chopin), (c) "Stac
cato Etude" (X. Scharwenka). Miss Amy Pe
tersen: "Romanza" from "E Minor Concerto"
( Chopin), Miss LUy Hansen; "Allegro" from
Violin Concerto" (Mendelssohn) Harry Fak
tor. accompanied by Mrs. Nathan Landsberger
"Romanza and Tarentelle" (second suit for two
p.lanos) (Rachmaninoff) (first public perform
ance in the United States). Mrs. Robert Ayl-
W , ln " d MlES L11 y Hansen. graduating clasa
The faculty announces the removal of
the conservatory from its present rather
restricted Quarters to a handsome and
commodious building on Butter "and
Franklin 6treets, where there is every
possible accommodation for its needs. A
beautiful little music hall Is included in
the list. The conservatory Is dated to
occupy Its new quarters on July 1, and
it Is to be hoped Its- present prosperity
will accompany the conservatory in its
new home. . • • -
The Tuesday night programme will be
as follows:
The California Conservatory announces
an unusually interesting • programme for
Its students" recital of Tuesday evening
next, at Sherman & Clay Hall. There is
much good work being done by the con
servatory in a modest and unspectacular
fashion, and it will repay any one inter
ested in piano or violin study to look in
at one of these recitals. Otto Bendix is
In charge of the piano work and the stu
dents' efforts bear, ample testimony to
the thoroughly intelligent and conscien
tious nature of his instruction. The vio
lin students are. In Mr. Landsberger's
competent charge, and two of his most
talented pupils will be heard on Tuesday
evening. •• . •
For one thing here Mr. Eaton has unre
served praise, for the organ-building of
Murray M. Harris of Southern California,
whose fine organ, built for Stanford, oc
cupied so conspicuous a place at the Ep
worth League Convention. "In tone,
mechanism and every way," Mr. Eaton
says, "I think the Stanford organ excels
any instrument I ever played upon. And
those r.re not few. In time I believe
Southern California will be supplying the
larger part of America's pipe organs, at
the least. It appears, though, to return
to the Stanford organ, that it is not per
mitted save to the Stanford organist to
play upon it. If I wished to give a recital
at the university I should not be able,
nor would any other organ player. What
a strange, unmusical dictum, for a great
educational establishment, and it is that
kind of incongruity one is continually be
ing confronted with here. How do you
account for it?"
But I do not account for It. -
Mr. Eaton, by the way, conducted the
Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra for seme
thirteen years. Then the absence of ora
torio activity, the lack of seriousness in
study, the general laissez-faire atmos
phere of California, rather appal the
Eastern musician. He thinks it a case of
abounding talent and small application,
much genius and little conscience, and I
don't know but that he Is right.
CLEVER ORGANIST OF TRINITY
CHURCH WHO GAVE A RECITAL
THURSDAY NIGHT.
All the lines are expected to resume operations this morning. The people can enjoy their day
of rest at the Park or the Cliff, or in the suburbs, as usual, with the assurance'of ample accommo
dation for travel to and from their homes. To-morrow business begins again; and the people
who for a week past have experienced what it is to live without street car accommodations will go
to their work rejoicing that the company and trie employes of the road have had sense enough to
get together on a business basis and resume their important public service.
The terms of agreement appear to be fair to both sides. "It is to be hoped 1 they are so
thoroughly satisfactory to the employes and to the company that there will never be any further
occasion for a strike that will compel the cessation of the cars. There has been a mutual give and
take in reaching the agreement, but neither side has compromised a principle noi; surrendered any
thing vital to. its welfare; so there is no reason why the terms agreed upon may not serve-as a basis
of a lasting peace. . ' . v
While the existence of grievances thai led up to the strike is deplored, both sides are to be
commended for the -manner in which the controversy was conducted from start to finish. The will
ingness of the officials of the road to confer with 'the strikers was , commendable, and so also was
the action of the strikers in consenting to meet the representatives at the railway office instead of
insisting upon a neutral place of meeting. "By reason of the fairness and frankness on each side, '
what threatened to be prolonged to a disastrous deadlock has been settled much more quickly'
than perhaps even the most sanguine expected. ;
WITH the settlement of the street railway strike there comes to the people of San Fran
cisco a universal feeling of relief and satisfaction. The disturbance of: the usual activi
ties of the, city caused'by the cessation of the street cars has brought inconvenience to
-nearly every one and serious losses to many. Moreover as long as. the strike con
tinued there was always the possibility of some blunder on one side or the o;her that would '"make
matters worse. Consequently while the peoplebbre the inconvenience without complaint and faced
the situation cheerfully, there is none the less a deep gratification that the, end: has. been reached
and the normal life of the city is to be resumed
THE STRIKE SETTLED.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27 j 1902.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. T SPh ECKELS, Proprietor. ; ¦ • .f - . ; ; \ . . . . AddressiCommunications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ¦....;.•; ......;....... ...... ..'..;. .......;.........,.. . .1 .......;. ...;..;....;. .1 ......... .APRIL27, 1962
Publication Office ; ................... .;¦'.:''. I. : '^.' m ] .<f$Sja^> ../. '. .\ .Market and' Third S. F.
24
V _ NOW FOR
BARGAINS. '
In a. few, days we begin. decorating our n«w
warerooma an* ha\l, and must have room.
Every piano cuf to' the lowest possible figure
Over 200 on our floors, of which 'the following
a-e a few. Rents. *2; Installments. S3 or your
twn terms. '
3 Steinway .ft23 t» S«75
I ff^iv-:v.v.v.;v.v.v:.v.ijfes Us
|f1 .7.v.v.v:--.v:v.-.v.v.-.,JSi a S
1 Shaw *i--
1 Sommer .".";.*.".*.*.".*.'.".*.'."."."." *»3
Piano Warerooms. 235-237 Geary M.
Phone Main '6744. :
I For half a ccntnry Creme de
1 Lit has created perfeet corn-
's plexions. It .removes tan,
l pimples, blotchss, san-
tl burn and all oily exuda-
Sl tlons, leaving the Jkta soft
I ai^l velvety. J
I tt stimulates and feeds the f-
£ iklfl, thus imparting the health- h
1M ful glow of earlier yesrs.
1 1 ! Indorsed by dermatologists, j
III physicians and druggists I
•IB *' flerev e r it Is known. >¦ r a
II All Druggists, 50 c. : |
El Or direct of us, .prepaid, "for, • TS
El 50c. Trial size, postpaid, for *u
|3 E. B. Harrington & Co. |]
yl Los Angeles, CaL fjrtCaptain Thayer Returns to San 'Francisco After Long Absence in
Tahiti, Where, After Much Difficulty, He Floated Abandoned
Vessel Which Was Rejected at Auction and Sails Her to Port
RESCUES BRITISH SHIP PYRENEES
FROM LOSS ON FAR OFF ISLANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902.
TO ARRIVE.
SUNDAY, APRUj 27.
Sun rises s:is
Sun sets .....................................8:38
Moon rises 11:10 p. m.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of HUh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE —The high and low waters- occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same* at both place*.
TO SAIL.
Movements of Steamers.
Branch Hydrographio Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, CmU
April 26, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
Building -was dropped exactly at noon to-«ay.
I. e.J at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. O« enwlchniea w tl H e - STANDIjET .
Lieutenant. U. S. N., la chant.
Time Ball.
HAVRE— Sailed April 26— Stmr La Bre
taene. for New York. »"' :^,
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Aoril 26 — Stmr Luca
nla, for- New York. ¦ - - *
QUEENSTOWN— SaUed April 26— Stmr CeI T
tic, from Liverpool, for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed April 26— Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived prior to April 26— Stmr
Vaderland, from New York.
HONGKONG— Sailed April 26— Stmr Glen
osle.for Tacoma. . ¦ - - . . '
FROM. SEATTLE.
The country roads of the United States
do not compare favorably with those of
any nation in Europe. During the spring
season in many districts of the "Western
States the roads are practically lmcas
sable. ••--.' ¦; • •
N0TE~In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ar» given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides ot th«
day In the order of occurrence aa to time; tb»
fourth time column gives the last tide of tit*
day. except when thero are but three tides, ma
sometimes occurs. The heights given ara la
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Surrey charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then tha number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the maaa
of the lover low waters.
NEW YORK — Sailed April 26— Stmr Min
neapolis, • for London; stmr La Gascocrne, for
Havre;, stmr Hohenzollern for .Naples and
Genoa; stmr Potsdam, for Potsdam, via Bou
logne; stmr Campania, for Liverpool.
LONDON— Sailed April 26— Stmr- Hlnnehaha,
for New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed April 24— Stmr Patrla,
for New York. ' ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEAH BAY— Passed out April 26— Fr bark
Les Adelphes, for United Kingdom; schr R W
Bartlett, for San Pedro; schr Marion, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 2G— Schr Susie
M Plummer. from Port Blakeley; stmr Alca
zar, from Greenwood.
Balled April 26— Schr Mabel Gray, for Eu
reka; stmr Chehalls, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived April 25 — Stmr Al-Kl.
from Alaska. April 26 — Stmr Chas Nelson,
hence April 22. ,
Sailed April 25— Stmr Excelsior,, for Valdez.
Sailed April 25 — Stmr Portland, for Nome.
Arrived 'April 25 — Stmr Roanoke. from
Alaska. • ~-
TACOMA — Sailed April 26 — Stmr Umatilla.
for Puget Sound ports; stmr AI-Ki. for Alaska.
Arrived April 26 — Br, bark Peter Iredale,
from Honolulu;
Sailed April 26 — Schr Annie Larsen, for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 26— Bktn Gleaner,
for San Francisco. •
PORT ANGELES— Sailed April 26— Br bark
Peter Iredale from Honolulu, for Tacoma.
In bay— Ital ship Fortunato Flgari. from
SOUTH BEND — Sailed April 26 — Schr
Churchill, for San Francisco.
QRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 26— Schr A
B Johnson, for Honolulu. •
Arrived April 20— Schr F M Slade, from
Manila. ' •
FORT BRAGG — Sailed April 26 — Stmr News
boy, for San Francisco. ¦ .
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed April 26 — Stmr
Gualala, for San Francisco.
NEW "WHATCOM — Sailed April 26 — Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco. c
VENTURA— Arrived April 26— Barge Santa
Paula, hence April 24, in tow tug Rescue. %
Sailed April 25— Stmr Ruth, for San Fran-
Arrived April 26— Schr Volant, from Grays
Harbor.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Cleared Acril 26, to sail April
27 Stmr Nevadan, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
' PAPEETE — In port April 14 — Fr bark Jean
Baptist!, to sail for San Francisco in ballast
about May 20; Danish bark Esmeralda, to sail
for United Kingdom with copra about May .15;
Br ship Pyreness, for San Francisco, in bal-
Fr transport Durance sailed for Noumea
April 25;' gunboat Zelee sailed for Manga Reva
Sailed ADril 4— Br stmr
Neptune, for St Vincent.
HONGKONG — Arrived April 24 — Br etmr
Satsuma. for Manila.
SINGAPORE^ — Arrived April 25 — Br stmr
Moyune, from Liverpool, for Seattle.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed April 26 — Ship
Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu. - • _
HULL — In port April 20 — Fr bark Empereur
Menellk. for San Francisco, via Newcastle,
'fi^HANaHAI— In port March 29— Br bark
County of Caithness, for Puget Sound.
HAMEURG — Sailed April 23 — Br ship Glen
cona. for San Francisco. .
Sailed AdHI 23 — Br bark Powya Castle, for
GRIMSBY — In port April 20 — Br ship Ha
core, for Tyne and San Francisco.
FREMANTLE— Sailed April 26— Bark Gen
eral Fairchlld. for Newcastle. Aus.
KINSALE— Passed April 26— Br ship Braca
dale, hence Jan 1, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
• Saturday, April 26.
Stmr Newbunr, Peterson. 60 hours from
Grays Harbor, i • .
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 11 days 18Vi hours
from Tahiti. • ; •
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 61 hours from. Coos
Bay. • "•
Stmr i Luella, Olsen, 48 hours from Ban
Pedio. ! • * :¦
Stmr South Coast, Jamleson, 14 hours from
Bktn Cbai F Crocker. Dewar. 9 days from
Tacoma. . „ ..
8chr Webfoot. Semsen. 3% days from Cocs
Bay. .' • .
Schr Carrie and Annie, Foster, 60 days from
Ponape. . . ¦
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorgenson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor. ¦ -
Schr Orient, Fanders, 7 days from Grays
Harb °5\ CLEARED.
' Saturday. April 26.
Stmr Pomona, Bhea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. * \ -
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. . • ' ' •
Stmr Kvlchak, Nelson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn. '
.Stmr Lakme,' Johnson, Portland; Chaa Nel-
Br ship Mylomene, Jones, Queenstown; Bal
four. Guthrle & Co. ._:*¦-
Br ehip Samaritan, Dexter, Queenstown ;-Ep-.
Pl Bark & R C P , Rlthet". McPhail. Hllo; Welch
¦ Bktn S G Wilder, : Jackson, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond;&- Co.
Schr -Mizsah, Anderson, Bristol Bay; North
Alaska S ¦ Co. ,_. .-¦*:,
Schr Rosamond, Johnson,' Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co. . • ¦. . •
' SAILED. .
• .. . . Saturday, April 28.
Stmr City 1 of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria.
. Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg."- 1
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Point Arena,
Stror Arctic, Reiner, Eureka. - ; ...
Br ship Wayfarer, Tupman, Callao.
• Bktn S G .Wilder, Jackson. Honolulu.
• Schr Rosamond, Johnson, Honolulu.
Schr Novelty, Perry, ' Coos Bay. •
• Schr Ida A, Campbell, Bodega. ' '
. ' Schr Melancthon, • Olsen, Wlllapa Harbor. .
. : ¦ •".: '¦¦ ¦ ...'SPOKEN.- ;¦' i . ¦¦¦-.., /•¦¦•". ¦
Dec 27. lat 20 N, . Ion ' 124 W— Br ship . Bar
fillan, from Oregon, for United Kingdom. * •
Feb 7, lat 53 S[Mon '¦ 37 , W— Bark ¦ Foohng
Suey,' from Caleta Buena, ¦ for Philadelphia.-. -
Feb 13, . off Cape Horn — Br i bark Chas Cotes
worth, from Fraser River, for Liverpool.'- •.-•>.'
. •. March 1, • lat 61 . S, Ion 65- W — Br.shlp Owee
nee, from - Tacoma, ¦ for j United Kingdom.
.March 14. lat 31 S.-lon 27 W-Br ship Car
, ned Llewellyn,' hence Jan 1, for Queenstown. ,
- : TELEGRAPHIC. : . .>•,';•
POINT LOBOS, April '26, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 28 miles per. hour. ¦.
The French bark Francois loads wheat here
for Europe at 23s 9d; the German ship Nomia,
wheat and barley at Portland, for same voy
age at 27s 6d; both chartered prior to arrival.
The German bark Visurgls was chartered prior
to arrival for lumber at Blakeley for Valpa
raiso for orders (Callao range), 42s 6d; Val
paraiso direct 40b. The ship Spartan will load
railroad ties at Whatcom for Guayraas and the
Ch.armer coal at Comox for Alaska. The
schooner Admiral loads lumber and merchan
dise here for Santa Rosalia, chartered prior to
arrival. ; ¦ : .
Charters.
• 134,320 lbs malt, 4500 lbs butter, 400 lbs su
gar, 360 tins matches, 20,064 lbs dried fruit,
200 lbs nuts, 500 lbs raisins, 30,000 lbs salt,
1125 lbs beans, 230 lbs and 12 cs cheese, 4117
lbs and 2110 pigs lead, 82 slabs tin, 13 cyls
ammonia, 11 cs honey, 64 bbls white lead, 10
flsks quicksilver, 3 cs arms and ammunition,
28 gals wine, S pkgs dry goods, 33 cyls gas,
16 pkgs hardware, 170 cs canned goods, 12 pkgs
machinery, 82 pkgs groceries and provisions,
75 pkgs paste, 27 pkgs agricultural Implements,
53 pkgs fresh fruits, 7 pkgs fresh vegetables,
2273 ft lumber, 1 cs hats.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo destined for
the principal British Columbian ports. _ The
cargo as manifested up to 1 p. m. was valued
at $23,230, and included the following mer
chandise and produce:
Exports to British Columbia.
The British ship Samaritan was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 77,018
ctls wheat, valued at ?91,0O0, and 22,200 . ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $355.
The British ship Mylomene, which cleared for
the same port, has 66,707 ctls wheat,' valued
at $75,045, and 20,000 ft lumber as dunnage,
valued at $300.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE. OCEAN.
• • Visitors will be allowed on board the bat
tleship Wisconsin this ' afternoon t and J launches
will ply Rt frequent intervals between • Clay
street, Mission street and Folsom street
wharves and the war vessel.
Visitors to Wisconsin.
Of the eleven ships on the overdue list, two
have been heard from and their names have
been removed from among the reinsured. The
Mahukona and the Invermay were the vessels
reported as safe. , > ¦
Reinsured Ships Arrive.
Tho Pacific Mail steamship San Juan, .which
arrived from Panama and way ports on Friday
night, .too late to pass quarantine, docked yes
terday morning. She brought a large shipment
of coffee and passengers aa follows: T. 8.
Robinson, H. Fulton, Mrs. R. Fulton, W. S.
«Maher and wife, E. L. Maher, J. E. Maher,
R It Eades. B. F. Whltfield, F. »G. Prleto, C.
pfictc, T. Mendez, A. de Prleto, G.
A SwnnquiEt, J. Johnston. I. P. Davidson,
wife and child, ' J. L.. Hawley, A. Sather, M.
Taboada M. Benhagel, Adrian Benhasel Pau
let Benhagel, Julius Stahl and C. KoFabl.
Brings Big Cargo.
After a good deal of individual effort on
the part of Captain Thayer and Captain
Porter, the ship was finally .sailed by
them in the month of March of this year
and anchored safely in the harbor at Pa
peete. Captain Thayer left the vessel at
anchor, under the command of Captain
Porter, and as soon as sails and other
necessary articles are sent to her from
here the Pyrenees will sail for this port
to complete repairs. The captain consid
ers her a good prize..
Anticipating that the sails on board
might not be serviceable, Captain Thayer
repurchased most of the sails that had
been sold at Tahiti before proceeding to
Manga Reva. It was fortunate that he
did so, for the sails, exposed to the tropi
cal winds and rains for a year, were
hanging in rags.
The pumps having been placed on the
Pyrenees and other preliminary work
done, the ship was finally floated, but the
mizzenmast being crippled, it was neces
sary to send all yards and the topgallant
mast down, as sail could not.be carried
on that mast. At the time of the aban
donment of the vessel, one of the ship's
suits of sails had been sold in Tahiti and
another suit had been left aloft.
VESSEL FINALLY FLOATS.
After fourteen days' passag-e, with
thirty- two people aboard the small ves
sel, the Island was reached, but to find
the weather most unfavorable for the
captain's operations. The heavy tropical
rains at the time made it almost impos
sible to provide shelter. When the
weather obstacles were overcome it was
found that the natives were of little ser
vice in handling any machinery or wreck
ing outfit, which threw an enormous
amount of labor on Captain Thayer and
his assistant, Captain Porter.
Not finding sufficient labor there, Cap
tain Thayer headed for the island of Tu
buoi,.where he secured the requisite num-.
ber.of natives and started from, there for
Manga Reva.
He was seated at the banqueting board
on the right of the King- and toasts were
proposed and responded to and~ good will
prevailed. •
The arrival of Captain Thayer at the
island of Rurutu was made the occa
sion of a great celebration by the
natives. Every few minutes a new
arrival came with a pig or
chicken or taro slung- across the back
and soon the hot water was ready, , the
pigs and chickens scalded and prepared
and a feast was underway for the brave
American captain. .
of getting the requisite labor in that
group.
Learning that there was better labor to
be had at the Island of Rurutu, BOO miles
south of Tahiti, the captain sailed on his
schooner to recruit twenty men.
BRITISH SHIP -WHICH TOOK FIRE AND WAS RUN ASHORE AND ABANDONED ON MANGA REVA, AND
WHICH IS NOW ANCHORED AT PAPEETE. HAVING BEEN SALVED BY CAPTAIN I. E. THAYER, WHO
HAS JUST RETURNED TO SAN FRANCISCO.
not more than ten white people and about
three hundred natives, and any of the
requirements for wrecking do not exist
in that locality.
LEAVES WITH OTJTriT.
Determined, however, to follow up his
purpose, Captain Thayer left San Fran
cisco In October last on the steamer Aus
tralia, taking with him an outfit that he
deemed necessary for the salving of the
Pyrenees. Captain Thayer took with him
as assistant Captain George S. Porter, a
man of considerable experience in the
Arctic. Arriving at Tahiti Thayer char
tered a native schooner of about thirty
five tons to take himself and assistant
and wrecking- outfit to Manga Reva.
The principal business at Manga Rcva
is diving- for pearls and 'shells, and L the
dfvingr season being open Captain Thayer
on arrival was informed of the difficulty
TIRES OF LIFE
WITH GIENAUTT
Wife oi/ Architect Sues
for Divorce for
Cruelty.
*e^ APTAIN I. E. THAYER returned
fl . to San Francisco on board the
(I ' . Australia yesterday after an ab
\^b^/ sence of eix months' at Papeete,
' Tahiti, and surrounding- Islands,
where he had gone to raise and sail the
wrecked British ship Pyrenees,, which he
purchased many months ago after offers
to sell her on the floor of the Merchants'
Exchange_proved. futile .. • --. .
The captain said yesterday:- "I bought
a pig. lr» x a_p0ke, .hut, abe'.s_all. right, and
before I went out there I was sure, for
some reason or other, that I would save
her." • x \ •
The Pyrenees, a steel ship of 2250 tons
register, loaded grain at Tacoma in Sep
tember, 1300, and on ner passage to Eu
rope, when north of the line, a fire was
discovered in her carg-o. Captain Bryce,
her. commander, headed for Pitcairn Isl
and, but on arrival there found that
there was no .shelter for the ship. He (
then rtook aboard two of the-ialanders,
who jpHoted. -him -to Manga-B,eva,-xuie of
the G*mbiar group of islands, . a. distance
of 280 miles from Pitcairn. . There the
vessel was put ashore, and it was not long
before the fire broke through the deck,
destroying the woodwork and equipment
of the vessel. Before the ship was aban
doned by Captain Bryce the hold *vas
nearly filled with water and the miz-en
niast was crippled by the fire and leaning
to j>ort.
SHIP IN BAD CONDITION.
She was in such a condition that she
was abandoned to the underwriters and
Bryce came to San Francisco in Febru
ary, 1301, and the vessel, for account of
the underwriters, was offered at auction
sale in the Merchants' Exchange. Owing
to the almost inaccessible position of
Manga Reva and the uncertain condition
of the Pyrenees when Captain Bryce left
her, the fire at that- time still burning,
the bids were unsatisfactory and were
rejected by the underwriters. Subse
quently Captain Thayer proposed to the
underwriters to visit the ship in person
and make a technical report, giving such
details that would enable prospective buy
ers to base estimates upon the value of
the ship If again offered for sale.
Captain Thayer's offer was not accept
ed by' the underwriters, who expressed, a
desire to sell the ship as she lay without
incurring further expense. The captain
then found a purchaser for the ship, con
tingent on his going to Manga Reva and
floating the ship and bringing her to the
port of San Francisco for repairs.
On the island of Manga Reva there axe
Ella Gienautt, who was married to
Charles Gienautt a little less than a year
ago, is already tired of her venture upon
the sea of matrimony, and has sought the
aid of the divorce court to restore her to
a state of single blessedness.
To Mrs. Gienautt the short voyage
among the billows and^rocks of the mat
rimonial sea. has been a stormy and tem
pestuous one, at least she so states in the
complaint filed by her yesterday.
She alleges that her troubles com
menced shortly after her marriage, while
she was living in Pluxnas County. Her
husband almost broke her heart, she al
leges, by taking from her every cent she
had in the world— $20— and spending it
upon himself. This unkind act, she al
leges, was followed by- his efforts to
frighten her to death by doing his best to
make her believe that he was about to
commit suicide. Sbe alleges that he took
a knife, sharpened It on the stovepipe in
her presence, pretended to cut himself in
a vital place and then fell to the floor,
where he rolled about and groaned. -I,'-.',
On January 25, while the couple were
living at S04 Eddy street, he struck her,
and on February 15, she alleges," he took
$10 and her gold watch from her, and only
returned the latter when he saw that an
attack of nervous prostration was im
minent.
Gienautt is an architect in the employ
of August Nordin at 1926 Market street.
Mrs. Gienautt alleges that she was com
pelled to leave her husband on the night
of February 15. While calling upon her
husband's «mployer for the purpose of
seeking a small sum to enable her to sub
sist until she procured work Gienautt,
she alleges, drove her out and chased her
up Market street, greatly to her annoy
ance and humiliation. -
Maebelle Bull is suing M. Raymond
Bull, to whom she was married in 1896,
for divorce on the ground of desertion.
She alleges that Bull, who is an employe
of the United States Laundry, deserted
her more, than a year ago. 'iZi'i-'A
Perforated by "Worms.
Transformed into a sieve by ; Industrious
South Sea teredos, the missionary schooner Car.
rie and Annie arrived yesterday, fifty days from
Ponape, for repairs. She wa* in ballast and
Is consigned to Rev. Walter Frear of the
Young* Men's Christian Association. The
schooner was leaking pretty badly when she
reached port and the crew was tired out with
exercise at the pumps. The necessity for re-
pairs was discovered about three months ago,
when a board of survey found that teredos
had made terrible inroads on her stanch hull
and that If she remained longer In the South
Beas the bury worms would be likely to eat
the bull away from the masts.
Leale Takes Vacation.
Captain Le&Ie of the ferry steamer- Bay
City is away on a vacation, which he la spend
ing In the country. Shortly before . Captain
Leale went away he lost the diamond-decked
pin presented him by Harbor 10 of the Masters'
and Pilots' Association. The pin is in the
form of a pennant with the figures 15 in tha
center. Vhe pennant stands out from j a flagr-
Btaff, on top of which was «et a diamond. The
pin was presented to Captain Leale as a mark
of the local harbor's appreciation of his stew
ardship, of the; organization funds and was
highly prized by the skipper.
Archbishop Whately waa one day asked,
if he rose early. He replied that once he
did but he was so proud all the morning
and so sleepy all the afternoon that.be
determined never to do it again.
The United States torpedo-boat destroyer
Perry proved a success .yesterday, morning In
the first ot a series of trials, In all or which
she must show . herself worthy before Uncle
Sam takes her off the hands of her builders,
the Union Iron Works. Since her early trials
her stern has been remodeled. The change
Droves to have been for the better. She was
«ent over the measured mile yesterday mornin*
six times ' and gave every satisfaction. - She
will be taken out in a few days and submitted
to ? more arduous test. She will be put through
all the paces of yesterday, but will, have to
sustain for a required length of time the var
ious qualifications called for by the contract
under which she was built.
Captain Fenton of the torpedo-boat destroyer
Farragut was in charge of . the trial for the
navy and Irving M. Scott represented the
Union Iron Works. Captain George Harvey
acted as pilct. , • . ' .
Successful Trial Trip. '
Mrs. - Wells and her daughters, Mrs.
Boyer and Miss Oge, who went down on
the Australia, will remain at the south
sea resort until the steamship returns.
When the Australia sailed they were pre
paring for an exploring trip around the
island, in which they claim to have dis
covered the ideal spot for an out-of-the
rut holiday.
The French cruiser Zelee left Papeete
on one of her regular interisland cruised
the day before the Australia sailed. Dur
ing the Australia's stay at the south sea
port the French transport Durance sailed
with soldiers for New Caledonia. Messrs.
Boule and Menard, who were passengers
on the Australia, are French artillery of
ficers on their way to Paris. Captain I.
E Thayer, who has been in the south
seas for quite a while getting the ship
Pyrenees off the beach, returned on the
Australia.
Among the passengers were: J. Lamb
Doty, Coptain I- E. Thayer. Mrs. J. E.
Keller, Mr: and Mrs. Boule. Mr. and Mrs.
Menard. Miss Menard, Master Menard,
Fred Vernier, R. A. Dowdle, Parley
Allen, J.L. Wright and Mrs.
The Oceanic steamship Australia ar
rived yesterday from Tahiti. ' It brought
over a score of passengers and. a cargo
composed of tropical products. She. was
eleven days, eighteen hours and twenty
two minutes making the trip, which was
as pleasant from port to port as bright
sunshine and summer seas could make it.
Torpedo-Boat Destroyer Perry
Gives Satisfaction on .
Trial Trip.
Arrives With Passen
gers and* Products
From Tahiti.
AUSTRALIA ENDS
SUMMER VOYAGE
25
Steamer.
'M'ltim,
le.
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma .,... Apr. 27
Enterprise..; Hllo Apr. 27
Eureka Humboldt «.. Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports Apr. 27
G. LJndauer. . Grays Harbor ..Apr. 27
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 2S
Crescent City Crescent City Apr. 28
Santa Monica Grays Harbor Apr. 28
Banta Cruz. . Newport & "Way Ports. Apr. 29
Rainier Seattle & Falrhaven.... Apr. 23
Prosreso..... Seattle Apr. 29
Empire Coos Bay • Apr. 30
North Fork. . Humboldt Apr. 30
Ban Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 3»
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 30
Cbehalis San Pedro Apr. SO
Victoria..... Comox .........; Apr. 30
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 30
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 30
Wyefleld Nanaimo Apr. 30
Argo Eel River Ports (Apr. 3J
Point Arena. . Point Arena May 1
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports May 1
C. 'Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma...... May 2
Nippon Maru. China & Japan May 2
"Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports May. 2
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. May 3
Neko Seattle May 4
Mandalay.... Coqullle River May 4
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... May 5
Coronado.... San Pedro May 5
Leelanaw.... New York via. Fanaaia. May 5
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May <".
Alameda... .. Honolulu ...May «
City Puebla. . Pusret Sound Ports May 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
April 27.
Pomona.... Humboldt
Banta Rosa San Diego & Way..
-April 28.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor .
Coos Bay... San Pedro & ™*7 W
O. Eldef... Astoria & Po^Uaird.
Ban Juan.. Panama «= Way Pts
April 28.
Eureka.... Humboldt
Empire. . . . Coos Bay .
Newburg.. Grays Harbor
April .-JO.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
May 1.
Ban Pedro. . Humboldt .....
Arjro Eel River Ports...
Cbehalis... Grays Harbor _.....
State Cal.. Ban Dletro * Way..
J. Kimbali. Seattle & Tacoma..
Boncma.... Sydney & \*ay Pts
Doric China & Japan....
Argyll N. Y. via Panama.
Queen Puget Sound Ports
JiXa y ' 2.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts
Banta Cruz. Newport 4; Way Pts
Pomona... Humboldt ..
Mar 3.
Pt Arena.. Point Arena ......
North Fork Humboldt •••••
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland
Westport.. Bear Harbor ..
Rainier Seattle & Falrhaven
Bessie K.. Golofntn Bay-Teller
May 4.
Phoenix. . . . Mendoclno City ...
Australia.. Tahiti direct
May 5. .
Coronado.. Grays Harbor
. May 6.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Pnrts.
May 7.
Curacao... Mexican Ports ....
Mandalay. . Coquille River
1:30 p
9 am
4 pm
9 am
11 am
12 m
9 am
10 am
5 pm
10 am
I
10 am
5 pm
4 pm
9 am
10 -am
10 am
1 pm
2 pm
11 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
PUSS
Pier 13
Pier 13
I Pier 2
I •- , . :-..
jPier 13
I-. v -—
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pitr 7
PMS3
Pier 10
Pier »
9 am
9 am
1:30 p
Pier 18
Pier 11
Pier 9
2 pml
12 ml
11 ami
5 pm
4 pm
iPler 2
IPier 2
IPler 24
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier —
S pm
10 am
Pier IS
Pier 7
4 pm
Pier 2
11 am
Pier S
110 am
4 pm
Pier 11
Pier 2
Steamer.
'or.
Dlrlgo... Skagway * "Way Ports. Apr. 27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
Jeanle Nome direct (about) Apr. £>
Dolphin Skagway & "Way Ports. Apr. 29
Cottage City. Rkagway & Way Ports. Apr. 30
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 5
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. May B
Chico Sunrise & "Hope" City. May 5
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way,Pts|May 10
O Tlzo* Ttzne Time Tim*
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft,
• HW I* W H W LW
27 1:29 4.6 8:36 0.8 4:00 ~T$ 8:30 To
28 2:00 4.4 »:20 0.7 4:57 4.2 0:37 8.1
29 2:43 4.2 10:10 0.9 5:45 4.3 10:52 S.2
80 8:32 4.0 11:02 1.1 6:30 4.5
I* W . HW L'W HW
1 0:00 3.1 5:18 3.9 11:57 1.3 7:10 . 4.S
2 0:57 2.6 8:37 3.9 12:55 1.5 7:48 5.0
3 1:48 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 1.6 8:24 5.1
4 2:83 1.4 8:66 4.4 2:2S 1.8| ,8:58 6.3
Steamer.
'M'ltim,
le.
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma .,... Apr. 27
Enterprise..; Hllo Apr. 27
Eureka Humboldt «.. Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports Apr. 27
G. LJndauer. . Grays Harbor ..Apr. 27
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 2S
Crescent City Crescent City Apr. 28
Santa Monica Grays Harbor Apr. 28
Banta Cruz. . Newport & "Way Ports. Apr. 29
Rainier Seattle & Falrhaven.... Apr. 23
Prosreso..... Seattle Apr. 29
Empire Coos Bay • Apr. 30
North Fork. . Humboldt Apr. 30
Ban Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 3»
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 30
Cbehalis San Pedro Apr. SO
Victoria..... Comox .........; Apr. 30
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 30
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 30
Wyefleld Nanaimo Apr. 30
Argo Eel River Ports (Apr. 3J
Point Arena. . Point Arena May 1
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports May 1
C. 'Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma...... May 2
Nippon Maru. China & Japan May 2
"Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports May. 2
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. May 3
Neko Seattle May 4
Mandalay.... Coqullle River May 4
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... May 5
Coronado.... San Pedro May 5
Leelanaw.... New York via. Fanaaia. May 5
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May <".
Alameda... .. Honolulu ...May «
City Puebla. . Pusret Sound Ports May 7
O Tlzo* Ttzne Time Tim*
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft,
• HW I* W H W LW
27 1:29 4.6 8:36 0.8 4:00 ~T$ 8:30 To
28 2:00 4.4 »:20 0.7 4:57 4.2 0:37 8.1
29 2:43 4.2 10:10 0.9 5:45 4.3 10:52 S.2
80 8:32 4.0 11:02 1.1 6:30 4.5
I* W . HW L'W HW
1 0:00 3.1 5:18 3.9 11:57 1.3 7:10 . 4.S
2 0:57 2.6 8:37 3.9 12:55 1.5 7:48 5.0
3 1:48 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 1.6 8:24 5.1
4 2:83 1.4 8:66 4.4 2:2S 1.8| ,8:58 6.3
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
April 27.
Pomona.... Humboldt
Banta Rosa San Diego & Way..
-April 28.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor .
Coos Bay... San Pedro & ™*7 W
O. Eldef... Astoria & Po^Uaird.
Ban Juan.. Panama «= Way Pts
April 28.
Eureka.... Humboldt
Empire. . . . Coos Bay .
Newburg.. Grays Harbor
April .-JO.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
May 1.
Ban Pedro. . Humboldt .....
Arjro Eel River Ports...
Cbehalis... Grays Harbor _.....
State Cal.. Ban Dletro * Way..
J. Kimbali. Seattle & Tacoma..
Boncma.... Sydney & \*ay Pts
Doric China & Japan....
Argyll N. Y. via Panama.
Queen Puget Sound Ports
JiXa y ' 2.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts
Banta Cruz. Newport 4; Way Pts
Pomona... Humboldt ..
Mar 3.
Pt Arena.. Point Arena ......
North Fork Humboldt •••••
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland
Westport.. Bear Harbor ..
Rainier Seattle & Falrhaven
Bessie K.. Golofntn Bay-Teller
May 4.
Phoenix. . . . Mendoclno City ...
Australia.. Tahiti direct
May 5. .
Coronado.. Grays Harbor
. May 6.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Pnrts.
May 7.
Curacao... Mexican Ports ....
Mandalay. . Coquille River
1:30 p
9 am
4 pm
9 am
11 am
12 m
9 am
10 am
5 pm
10 am
I
10 am
5 pm
4 pm
9 am
10 -am
10 am
1 pm
2 pm
11 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
PUSS
Pier 13
Pier 13
I Pier 2
I •- , . :-..
jPier 13
I-. v -—
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pitr 7
PMS3
Pier 10
Pier »
9 am
9 am
1:30 p
Pier 18
Pier 11
Pier 9
2 pml
12 ml
11 ami
5 pm
4 pm
iPler 2
IPier 2
IPler 24
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier —
S pm
10 am
Pier IS
Pier 7
4 pm
Pier 2
11 am
Pier S
110 am
4 pm
Pier 11
Pier 2
Steamer.
'or.
Dlrlgo... Skagway * "Way Ports. Apr. 27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
Jeanle Nome direct (about) Apr. £>
Dolphin Skagway & "Way Ports. Apr. 29
Cottage City. Rkagway & Way Ports. Apr. 30
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 5
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. May B
Chico Sunrise & "Hope" City. May 5
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way,Pts|May 10
Ijl OOP I© & MISS SON STPEET
It's the :Brices That Bring So Many People Here for
• : ; :; v /-'^ietor^fete and Rug's
and Satisfaction Brings Them BacK Each Season.
' It wasn't guess work that gathered just the right stock of Carpets and Bugs here. -It wasn't by chanca
' that the savings are on the very kinds most wanted. It is" our knowledge of what is to be in vogue, what and
where to buy and having in stock everything that is worthy, 1 from the very lowest priced to tho height of
Carpet elegance. . : ¦ \ \ S^K _ ]
Heavy Ingrain Carpets- n Tapestry Brussels— CC p . OCp
Choice of Floral designs or plain colors.' The tjD\^ New Spring patterns and every one Jw/V WJ (Jfc/W
usual 45c -grades for.......... pcre wool faced, 70c to 51 grades...
Wilton Velvets— • TFCr** S11 ?*!
Strictly AH-WOOI Ingrains— 7fl/V Soft, high pile weaves in good. wear- 1 DC tO ¦¦P1**J
The best grade of full extra super all-wool goods— g V W ing designs and colorings; prices. . .
the 80c kinds-our price....... Axminstcrs and Wiltons—
$1.50 Body Brussels- « OC :2K? «t&&2£*S£& $1.15 to $250
Standbys for years of long service.. Regular $1.50 4»l«fc-^ stores ask from- $1.35 to $2,755 JW. w *****
standard weaves. Borders to match many of them for ' %m \i' ••••••••••••••;
Reception Hall Rugs. hK Brussels Boom Ru^ V Royal Wilton Room Rugs.
BruV K Velvet and Axminster With miter corner borders. -9 ft.. SizeQft. by>i2 ft M woven m one
with mner corner borders. Six by 12 ft. Made of , fine ! B-ussels,piece^ no. seams or miters. Rich
'^% $7-50 S: "n^Ek KSfifei^ii-i $ 32- 50
American CorK Linoleum Inlaid Tile Linoleum <^^"^V
Made 12 feet wide and of extra heavy English and American Til© linoleum, In- f'
quality; new designs of imported hard- destructible; 25 different designs; some m y
wood floors; also floral patterns; £fi« stores ask as high as $1.75 tor «*-| jCTf.
regular 80c; square yard .......... UUC no better goods *?*.•/ v lfljfe^ jf^^^^^^k
GRAPS-ZTCJTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1023 Market St., near Sixth'.
MRS. I. BARRETT-WILSON,
1023 Market St., near Sixth.
One of Mrs. Graham's latest inventions, the
HYDRO VACU, Is now in use In all the flrst-
class establishments where face treatments are
given and takes the place of face steaming.
It removes wrinkles, blackheads and. cleanses
clogged' pores.
- OLD • FACES MADE YOUNG. . ;'-i
DKEP WRINKLES and . SMALLPOX PIT-
' TINGS removed by ELECTRO PLASTIC.
TREATMENT.
Attend her, lectures and : learn 'all about her
wonderful work and see treatments given ' at
the parlor* of her agent, . .
MRS. I. BARRETT-WILSON,
Of Chicago, ' formerly ¦ of -. San - Francisco, will
elve three more lectures on MONDAY, . TUES-
DAY and WEDNESDAY, at 2:30 o'clock, at
the parlors of her agent, , -•
Dermatologist and Beauty
£,¦."•:'"' ¦¦ 'Doctor, r *^
MRS. GERYAISE GRAHAM,
LECTURE ON BEAUTY
Food Than Candy.
LESS CANOY.
Better to Give Children Delicious
Some foods will cure dyspepsia and oth-
er foods will cause it. The safest way to
get well is to use the food that agrees
with the stomach and permits nature to
go along in a thoroughly natural way.
A lady cays: "I have at last found a
truo way to get well and keep well, and
that is by the use of Grape-Nuts Break-
fast Food.
"For six years I suffered with indiges-
tion and palpitation of the heart so that X
could not Bleep nights. I tried a great
many different kinds of medicines and a
lot of different kinds of cereals, but none
cf them helped me, and my stomach
seemed to get worse and worse.
"I became very despondent and was' at
a loss to know what to do. One day I
read in the paper that Grape-Nuts Break-
fast Food would cure indigestion and
build up the body. I wondered if it con-
tained any medicine, but learned t&at it
did not. but that It was only, a food pre-
pared Bo that the stomach could- easily
dlge«t it- ~ '
"The next, time I went down town I
bought two packages. .This was' on Tues-
day, and Jt was all gone, on Saturday, for
we all lliced It so, much,' so I sent down
and got three more* packages, and from
that time I have been using: Grape-Nuts
steadily and my indigestion has entirely
disappeared.
"Sometimes when my little girl has been
playing extra hstrd after supper she will
climb on xny knee, pat my cheek and.whis-.
per in my ea#. 'Mamma, please give me.
something good.* I say (knowing all the
time). 'What* is good, dear?' She says,
'Grape-Nuta with cream on top,' and there
ic nothing, candy or anything else, that she
enjoys better than this good, wholesome
food. . She eats it for breakfast every
morning, and prefers Grape-Nuts pudding
for dinner. At uigbt she has Grape-Nuts
for her supper, with a' soft-boiled egg,
and she thrives wonderfully on "this kind
cf food."' Name given by Postum C*.,
Battle Creek, Micb
&5£f?§3<gr jffij^SBt y# jtr "**%B^* jfcgra]|By y jQ M W" £ ml
Don't stand over a hot stove this year and IsHfefifidSr^
try to put up your preserves, jams or jellies.
_^^^ I LONG'S PRESERVES ~ •• -m^^si--
B^i^roTW 1 and you will find that they are equal to the best of • |l|Pywfl??™^
fcji?j^\i jHJiMj , y those made at home. They are prepared from the . fej44JAAa. > li{jE^' ¦
/^liiipillllKN h choicest of selected fruit from the finest orchards f^S^^^^^V
' fwi&lliil % 1 of Calif ornia, and are preserved with care and clean- [I'S^ww^l'
iSllfe'laj^ 1 liness. They are in a hermetically sealed jar which |MslS^I
You will find Long's Preserves are perfect preserves i^^^^^^^
)^^^^^^' f Of *k c natural flavor and color of the fruit is retained. . l^^^^^^^i
i^-lwraPr';" LONG SYRUP REFINING OO. V^
' -"^ ' : '¦¦!¦¦¦ ; ' : 8th and Brannan Streets, ¦ 'siii'wiiWim'ii'
HaHBn^- - - v,_ mmm jp jmgj WHMCT • ¦ ..••¦•• - m&ZiF MtUrt*
UISCELXtANEOTJS.ST. PETERSBURG, 1 April 26.— It is said
that General Bobriekoff will shortly be
relieved of the post of Governor General
of Finland, in consequence of his lack of
tact -and undue severity, which has in
flamed public opinion among the Finns
almost to the point of a revolution.
Finns on Verge of Revolution.
Four Men Meet Awful Dsath.
POTTSVILLE, Pa.. April 26.— One of the
buildings at the Shenandoah Powder Com
pany at Kebs. station, this county, blew
up to-day. Four men were killed. They
were: Amos Yarnell, Irvin Wolf, W. J.
Lindemuth, Elmer Stauffer.
LONDON. April 26.— Emigration from
the west of Ireland to America is assum
ing what is called "alarming proportions."
During the last fortnight , hundreds of
emigrants have passed through Limerick
on their way. to Cork. iTwo special trains
from Port Arlington carried nearly 1S00
emigrants, mostly young persons of .both
sexes, while lots of 200 or more had gone
on board the steamer. ; V ')
Many Irish Immigrants Coming.
More confidence Is prevailing now that
the greatest dangers have apparently
passed. Clothing and provisions are fcelng
hurried to Quesaltenango. A bill provid
ing for a special tax on various articles
has been presented to the Assembly for
the relief of the sufferers.
GUATEMALA CITY. April 26.—Earth
quake shocks in the western part of the
republic were felt this evening, but they
were few and weak. Many persons are
spending the nights in improvised huts
and also in carriages and street cars,
hired for sleeping accommodations. •
Hopeful the Greatest Danger
% Is Over; -
Inhabitants Iiive in . Huts and Are
EARTH STILL QUAKES .
IN WESTERN GUATEMALA
WOODLAND, April 26.— The Odd Fel
lows gave the fire: picnic of the season
in Nelson's Grove I to-day. The weather
was ideal, the attendance large and the
grove in fine condition. '
HANFORD, April 26.— A large number
of Odd Fellows and their friends cele
brated the eighty-third anniversary of
American Odd Fellowship at the Hanford
Fair Grounds to-day. The principal ad
dress was by .Elwood Bruner of Sacra
mento.
FRESNO, April 26.— The Odd Fellows of
the raisin • center held their annual cele
bration to-day and the wearers of the
three links turned out in force. The cel
ebration began with an Imposing parade
at 10 o'clock in the morning. In the
afternoon at 2 o'clock exercises were held
in the Courthouse Park. District Attor
ney Everts was chairman of the day and
H. M. Casper of Hanford delivered the
address. There was a programme of
athletic sports.
LONG BEACH, April 26.-Members of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows of
Southern California celebrated the eighty
third anniversary 'of r. thV order at Long
Beach to-day. Odd Fellows began to ar-;
rive.by the early trains and at noon there |
were 3000 to 3500 visitors. Arrangements 3
for the day were completed and every-"!
thing that residents and local committees [
could do to make it a pleasant one for
the Odd Fellows was well done. j
Well Programmed
Outings.
Lodgemen of California Cities Enjoy
6dd~ fellows observe
anniversary op order
There is no doubt that Rampolla is
straining every . nerve to win. In any
event the next Pope will be to a large ex
tent his candidate, and it :s extremely un
likely his choice would be Sarto, an ec
clesiastic who has never warmly sup
ported Rampolla's policy, of intervening in
the political affairs of the Catholic states.
Sarto's ultramontanlsm is not defiant and
combative enough to suit the Papal secre
tary. '¦¦¦-¦¦.'
At least three of these states, Portugal
Spain and Austria-Hungary, have had
strong political objections to Rampolla,
although of late he has contrived to
diminish their antagonism. In practice
the Sacred College has usually been given
informally to understand before assem
bling in conclave to select a Pope, that a
certain candidate would be vetoed; and
this aspirant has invariably been excluded
from consideration. .
As matters stand now— judging from the
latest expressions of authoritative Cath
olic opinion in Rome, Paris, Berlin, Vien
na and Madrid— Cardinal Rampolla will
secure the succession for himself or will
dictate the choice of the. Sacred College.
The principal danger to his personal as
pirations lies in the fact, not very gene
rally known, that four of the Catholic,
states, France, Spain, Austria-Hungary
and Portugal, possess the power of veto.
That is to say, they have the right to ex
clude one Cardinal from the election a.t
every conclave. .The right can be exer
cised once only and in case of but a single
Cardinal.
The Perosi story is dismissed as a ballon
d'essai. If the latter view be the correct
one, the end sought has been attained, for
great Catholic journals of Italy, France
and Germany have rebuked, gently but
firmly, "those who may have fancied they
had found in the mild patriarch of Venice
a practicable alternative to the ambitious
Papal secretary of state."
LONDON, April 26.— In Roman 4 Catholic
circles in London, Continental gossip as
sociating Cardinal Sarto with the succes
sion to St. Peter's chair is regarded with
but slight " consideration. The Tablet,
which is Cardinal -Vaughan's organ and
edited under his direct supervision, says
all reports, of any public utterances by
Leo respecting his preference in the Pon
tifical succession "are unworthy of those
(Who circulate them or Indicate deplorable
unfamiliarity with the traditions of the
Vatican and the temperament of his Holi
ness." ¦¦'.''.' -.'¦"'¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
As to how combines shall be compelled
to regard public convenience, the West
minster Gazette finds legislation ineffec
tive, and thinks there is no other cor
rective but the enlightened "self -Interest
o" the combines themselves. - *'-- v -T
"Whether Great Britain likes it or not,
the trust movement is part of the evolu
tion of modern business, and there is lit
tle chance of resisting it. The shipping
companies merely propose to adopt a
characteristic American organization un
der" the guidance of Americans who are
past masters In that particular line of
business."
The Westminster Gazette takes a calm
er view. It thinks the combine will not
essentially change the character of Brit
ish trade, and says:
The St. James Gazette wants a re-en
actment of the navigation laws, and falls
foul of the airy indifference of the presi
dent of the Board of Trade, Gerald Bal
four, as indicated by his reply in the
House of Commons to questions on the
subject. ¦;¦;.. , *" _-i
The pessimists refuse to accept the as
surances that the combine has no ulterior
design to sap the naval strength of Great
Britain. . Morgan is held up as a monster
dealing reeling blows to British commerce
and calmly organizing earthquakes with
designs to swallow up the world.
LONDON, April 26.-The Americaniza
tion of the British mercantile navy will
again be the principal subject at the
"question time" in the House of Com
mons. Monday. Members have given no
tice of ;a dozen questions covering a va
riety of • points indicative of widespread
apprehension that, despite assurances to
the contrary, the shipping combine men
aces not only Great Britain's shipping but
her commercial interests. Further ques
tions will be asked of the Ministers as to
whether. the British companies enter the
combine on precisely the same terms as
the American and, German lines; whether
the British companies will be required to
disclose the terms of their agreement
with the American syndicate, and wheth
er the obligation of the White Star line
to recruit half its crews from the royal
navy reserves will hold good, etc.
British Commercial Interests
Said to Be Menaced by
Steamship Deal.
Alleged Naming of Venice
7 Patriarch Considered
Ridicule us.
London Prelate Refers
to Succession of
Pope Leo.
Pessimists Refuse to Ac-
Si . • . ¦ -
cept Assurances on
Combine.
STILL HARPING
AGAINST MORGAN
PURE NONSENSE,
SAYS A CARDINAL
VIENNA, April 26.— Inquiries. made to
day elicited-, the .statement ; that i! the * en-.
gagement of Countess Henrietta', Chotek;
sister-in-law' of ¦ the. heir ' presumptive,'
Archduke ; Franz - Ferdinand," to '; Prince
Stanislaus if Radzlwill : \ was ' broken off a
Week ago, that: this , was in 1 no .way. con
nected /with the Prince's debts,, arid, therer
foreUhere is > no; foundation* for,; the re
port,' published i by ; a- news agency , in ! the
United States, that '- their marriage :cere
mony "' was , broken off. In ' church . , at
Prague," Bohemia, yesterday. V .
Prince's Debts . Not the Cause.
DENVER, April 26.— A suit has" been
fllea in Hinsdale, which, . it is ¦ Bald, re
veals new facts about the dynamiting' out
rages and riot which ; occurred 4 In Hen-
Sf-n Cteek, near Lake : City, ; : in ! March
1899. T. J. O'Donnell and George D/ Bard
well, attorneys for the Hidden s; Treasure
Mining Company of Hinsdale County, are
the plaintiffs and P. F. McCarthy defend
ant. Damages in ' the i sum of $50,000 are
demanded, the allegations being, In « brief,
thar McCarthy Instigated \the riot ; and
strike and concealed ; the ) State's arms in
a conspiracy, to force Chauncey ; E.;Dewey
& Co.. ownership the 'Hidden Treasure
Mining Company) ' to • part with their; in
terests -'i at much less than their.' real
value. •.
Light on Dynamiting. Outrages.
DETROIT, April 26.-Frank C. Pingree,
president of the , wrecked City Savings
Bank, was called to the witness stand to
day at the examination of Frank C. An
drews and Henry R.\Andrews, vice presi
dent and cashier, respectively, of the
bank, who are charged^ with causing its
ruin. Pingree testified that last July the
directors discovered that the bank was
holding some of Frank C." Andrews', paper
which they had not approved. . Pingree
said he talked the discovery over with
Frank C. Andrews, and told him that if
the bank was going to be robbed he (Pin
gree) did not want to have anything to
do with it, but would resign.
"Andrews," said PingreeV .''said he
would not take the. presidency if I would
resign. He added that if I resigned he
would, and if I wanted the bank to' go
down all I had to do was to resign;"
After a heated argument Andrews final
ly agreed to sell his real estate and
straighten out. the affairs. Pingree said
that Andrews told him they could sell the
City Savings Bank by fall, | as there were
two banks that wanted to buy it -
Stand.
tution Explains on the Witness
Former President of a Detroit Insti-
TELLS OF THE REASONS
A BANK WAS WRECKED
WICHITA, Kans., April 26.— Homer
Lanham, a ranchman, went to the city
of Meade, in Southwestern. Kansas,
last Wednesday and became disorderly.
He fired four shots at the Marshal and
hit a young man named Ed Kragh, who
ivill probably die.' The -Marshal grappled
T.itli Lanham, took his gun from him and
aimed a bullet at his heart. His life was
savc-d by a book in his breast pocket. He
was lodged in Jail. The next day Jesse_
Lxr.ham, a brother of the prisoner, came'
to town with a revolver and defied the
authorities. A public meeting was held
and P. W. Grlggs ordered Lanham to sur
render, but instead he fired hla revolver
recklessly and the first bullet grazed the
cheek of Mrs. C. B. Campbell, who sat
In the hotel parlor near by. He was fin
ally disarmed and is in jail • with his
brother.
and a Book Saves His
Life.
Kansas Rancher Turns Loose a Pistol
FIRES AT A MARSHAL
AND NABROWIiY ESCAPES
One of the "nipper" boys discovered
that one of the batteries had been cut
and a cartridge cap connected and placed
in a stick of dynamite. The dynamite
had been placed between two boxes of
dynamite, letting seventy-five pounds of
the material down to the cap. Had the
explosion occurred the havoc wrought
would have been fearful. No motive can
be ascribed for the plot.
The shaft leading- down to the tunnel
is 160 feet deep. From the bottom of the
-shaft the tunnel runs north and south,
and the men were working at both head
ings. The blasts are discharged by means
of . batteries, which are operated at the
foot of the shaft, the wires extending to
the headings. *
NIAGARA FALLS. N. Y., April 26.— As
the night shift went to work last evening
In the tunnel of the Canadian Power Com
pany the discovery was made of an at
tempt to wreck the tunnel and kill the
men, thirty In number, working 160 feet
below the surface of the earth.
In addition to President- Mitchell rep
resenting the miners, . there were three
vice presidents of the " Mine Workers'
branches of the affected districts. These
are T. D. Nichols of the first district
Thomas Duffy of the seventh district and
Thomas Fahey of the ninth . district.
1 here were present also twenty-one other
Mine Workers' delegates from the vari
ous branches.
On the side of the employers there were
Chairman, Thomas of the Erie Coal Com
pany; President Truesdale of the Dela
ware, Lackawanna and Western; Presi-
Ba f n ,? f J he Reading Company;
President Oliphant of the Delaware and
Hudson; John Markle. an independent
coal operator, and Congressman Connell,
who represents large coal interests in the
neighborhood of Scranton, Pa
The members of the conciliation com
mittee at the meeting were: Senator Han
na, chairman; Cornelius N. Bliss, Oscar
S. Straus. Bishop Potter; Ralph M. Eas
ley, secretary of the National Civic Fed
eration; Charles A. Moore, Lewis Nixon.
"Marcus M. Marks, William P. Pfohler
bamuel Gompers, James Duncan and
John Mitchell, president of - the United
Mine Workers. Mitchell, however, at
tended the meeting 1 in his f capacity of
president of the Mine Workers.
NEW YORK. April 26.— A meeting of
the conciliation committee of the Na
tional Civic Federation was held here to
day to take up the differences between
the United Mine Workers and the coal
operators. The session lasted until 2
6'clock, when it adjourned and it was an
nounced that no definite results had been
reached. A sub-committee of employers
and men was appointed to 'take up tho
matters in dispute. It will report on
Thursday next. Senator Hanna was
asked whether the question of recogniz
ing the union was brought before the
conference. "I did not understand that
that was an Issue," he replied.
President Gompers of the American
Federation of Labor said:
"Not a single point I has been cleared
up. The wholessituation is in statu quo
and will have to be thoroughly threshed
out by the sub-committee. The discus
sion was a courteous one and of a ; con
ciliatory nature."
Attempt to Wreck a
Tunnel by Unknown
Miscreants.
Conciliation Advocates
Hear Mine-Workers'
Story.
PLACE THIRTY
LIVES IN PERIL
TALK OF PEACE
WITHOUT RESULT
LAWMAKERS GIVE
PRAISE TO DEAD
Tributes to Late Con
gressmen Rendered
in the House.
WASHIKGTOX. April 26.— The House
to-<5ay after devoting an hour to the
passage of bills by unanimous consent
suspended public business and for the re
mainder of the afternoon listened to
tributes to the memories of the late Rep
resentative Stokes of South Carolina and
the late Representative Crump of Michi
gan.
Those who spoke of the public services
of the late Congressman Stokes were
Lever, Elllottj Scarborough, Johnson and
Talbert of South Carolina. Hay of Vir
ginia. De Arniond of Missouri, Jenkins of
"Wisconsin, Williams of Mississippi, Wads
¦worth of New York. Gilbert of Ken
tucky, Richardson of Tennessee, Lamb of
Virginia, Thomas of North Carolina and
Candler of Mississippi.
Eulogies were then begun on the life,
character and public service of the late
Representative Crump of Michigan. The
speakers were Hamilton, Bishop, W. A.
Smith. H. C. Smith, Gardner and Corliss
of Michigan.
Some minor business was transacted at
the opening of the session. May 10 was
eet aside for paying tribute to the mem
ory of the late Senator Kyle of South
Dakota. The District of Columbia appro
priation bill was reported and placed on
the calendar. Grosvenor of Ohio asked
unanimous consent for the consideration
of a joint resolution to extend the thanks
of Congress to John Hay for his oration
en the occasion of the McKinley memo
rial services. De Arniond of Missouri ob
jected.
Bills were passed to restore James G.
Field, assistant surgeon. United States
army, to the active list; to apportion the
terms of Senators elected at the first
general election in Hawaii, and to ratify
act (5 cf the twenty-first Territorial Leg
islature of Arizona.
Archbishop Hiordan in Chicago.
CHICAGO. April 26.— Archbishop P. W.
Rlordan of San Francisco, who is in this
city on his way home from Washington,
¦will preach to-morrow at St. Elizabeth's
Roman Catholic Church, Forty-first street
end Wabach avenue, of which his brother,
the Rev. J. D. Riordan. Is pastor.
The Archbishop of Canterbury will next
address the King, exhorting him to be
strong and ¦ of good courage so that he
may receive the crown. of righteousness.
The peers will put on their coronets, and
the presentation of the Bible having been
made, the King will be enthroned. An
other solemn admonition of the, Arch
bishop of Canterbury, will be followed by
marks of homage by the Archbishops,
Bishops and people. After this ccremony
is completed the Queen .will be crowned.
She will be anointed on the head, four
peeresses holding a magnificent; canopy
over her.. The King. will put a ring on her
finger, the Archbishop of York, the ; Most
Rev. William Dalrymple McLagan, will
place the crown ' on her head, , and the
scepter 1 and ivory : rod and dove '.will, be
placed in her, hands. :. Prayers, will be de
livered, the peeresses will put on~ .-their
coronets ; and v the : ; services will- end with
the celebration of • communion, the King
and . Queen . both 1 participating and the
King presenting -the bread and wine".; On
leaving the, abbey, 1 their Majesties will go
direct to Buckingham Palace.*; ',;-.
Just before the sermon the King, who
up to that stage of the ceremony will
have been uncovered, will put on a cap
of crimson, a veil trimmed with ermine.
Then comes the oath taking, after which
the King will be anointed. Then the
King's cap and crimson robe will be re
moved and four garter knights will hold
over him a rich pall of silk or cloth of
gold; the Dean of Westminster will pour
oil into a spoon, and the Archbishop of
Canterbury will' anoint the King, making
the sign of the cross on top of his Majes
ty's head, thus consecrating him "King
over this people whom the Lord your
God hath given you to rule and govern."
The King will- then kneel and the Dean
of Westminster will invest him with the
supertunica. • . ¦
Next will come the ceremonies which
caused so much discussion, including the
presentation of the sword of state, and
the standards. The sword will be placed
In the King's right hand, he will be. again
divested of the crimson robe and will be
enveloped in a purple robe of state and
the Archbishop of Canterbury will give
him the scepter. While the Lord of the
Manor of Workshop supports the King's
right 'hand a ring will be placed on his
Majesty's fourth finger. Then will come
the actual crowning.
CROWHINGr OF THE KING.
Throughout the country preparations
are rapidly nearing completion for every
large and little city, town or village to
celebrate in its own particular- way.
Thanks,' perhaps -to the King's example,
the poor are not being forgotten. The
residents of Parrington have supplement
ed the royal dinner to 'the poor of that
section by arranging a dinner for 22,000
children resident in that borough, and in
many places members of the aristocracy
are offering to similarly entertain the
poor of the vicinity of their country
places. - ' ' *
The Pope has granted the Catholics of
the British Empire a dispensation from
abstinence on Friday, June 27 (the day
after the coronation), and also on Satur
day, June 28, which is* the vigil of a
saint's day. in order that they may par
ticipate in 'the national rejoicing.
.The form of the coronation ceremonies;
as finally; amended and approved by. th£
King, was. announced to-day. | It consists
of twenty-six distinct sections. The King
and Queen. will enter the great west door
of Westminster Abbey, to which a large
canopied approach is already being erect:
ed. They will be met by the shouts of
the King's scholars of the Westminster
School and by the anthem, "I Was Glad
When They Said Unto Me, 'We Will Go
to the House of the Lord'." Instead of
going direct to their thrones the royal
pair will kneel in private prayer on foot
stools in front of their chairs.
Then the Archbishop of Canterbury, the
Most Rev. Frederick Temple; the Lord
High Chancellor, Earl Halsbury; the Lord
Chamberlain, the Marquis of Cholmon
deley; and the Garter King of Arms, Sir
Albert Woods, each in turn, will formally
present the King, the lords carrying the
regalia will then step up, and the Dean
of Westminster, the Very Rev. George
Granville Bradley, . will place the regalia
on the altar. The abbreviated litany and
part of the communion service will fol
low Then the Archbishop will recite -the
Nicene creed and the Bishop of London,
the Right Rev. Arthur Winnlngton Ingra
ham, ¦will preach a short sermon.
The hotel question, however. Is less en
couraging for the intending visitors. The
managers of the Cecil, Carlton, Savoy
and»Berkeley all said yesterday that they
did not have a single room vacant for
coronation week. ¦
HOTELS ABE CBOWDED.
To get accurate information on- these
points a | correspondent made a careful
canvass, inquiring at various points
along the route. He ascertained tKat
seats in the best positions in Piccadilly,
the most sought after situations, could
yesterday be had for 8 to 20 guineas,
according to the room. This was for the
first day's procession. For the second
day the prices asked were from 3 to 7
guineas. In Pall .Mall, where the build
ings are mostly clubs and very few win
dows are to le.t, the prices are slightly
higher. For the second day's procession
along the Strand seats cost 4 to 7 guineas.
At St. Paul four huge stands will be
erected and the prices are from 3 to. 7
guineas. On the south side of the river
the best seats cost 5 to 7 guineas.
The newspapers, both here and In
America, are . full of misstatements con
cerning the cost of seats to view the coro
nation processions and as to what the
hotels will charge visitors. Speculators
and those having seats to sell i are giving
the Impression that there is a tremen
dous demand on the part of rich Ameri
cans and other foreigners, who are said
to be paying any pFice asked in order to
see the show. Ridiculous statements as
to the price paid for certain windows or
seats in Piccadilly or elsewnere have been
constantly published.
LONDON, April 26.— Permanent resi
dents of London are suffering from the
efforts being made by the city for I he
coronation. There is scarcely a street
through which the procession will pass
but has been -torn up. " --
The Coronation Preparations
Annoy the Permanent
. Residents.
Speculators in London
Prosper, but Not
Sensationally. '
SEAT SELLERS
JINGLE GUINEAS
BY; GABLE TO THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902.
26
The Morning^ Mourning
As George Ade says, in his new opera, "Ki-Ram:"
"It Is no time for mirth and langrhter > :
The cold gray dawn of tho morning after."
A fur overcoat on your' tongue; "hair on your teeth;" a taste "as if a cat
*^*» >^ - m littered in your mouth;" nerves a-trem-
jf\\ aching hair; a "bust-head* of splitting
j^^^y 4jtif**£\ \ I as ° ny; " a PP^ite — none; movement of the
¦ bowels — not a sign; present (unwelcome vis-
pP^yZ~~J**-^*\^' itor )« Gen - R - E. Morse. Never do it again,
f^ "^-/^ \^i eh? Oh yes, you will. Remember
ftStj "¦¦¦ ' !! The Devil was sick; the Devil a monk would be,
KgB-af % *fs' '^-j^X^wsfic vil 20t weU: the Cvil a monk was he> "
ltt£r S^^^^\ *&V and a Cascaret thrce ii™es on the day of
jWBK F^&L&^kz. *- i / miser y wiU make you well. But, for goodness
I I sake, be wise, up to the century, and the next
I A*-«P"<S^|j|£fT^ \ time y° u S° out with the boys, eat too much,
V $ji!0$^j®ff- ) drink to ° much, irritate your stomach, block
Tg£%gB&£KP*M /\ your bowels « don't forget that you can pre-
jfijjg&KiStom j\ vent the ' <morn i n g's mourning" by taking
/SptiS&Ss^r V^^r a Cascaret Can< 3y Cathartic before you go to
J^^^f^- bed. They work while you sleep and make
.<rT Y^^px&&£tS^ you awake bright as a new dollar in the
Jfii *•—^ Hr/ / morning. Always carry a box in your pocket,:
Ifaf^A^ vl I an<^ k &ve another on your "dresser and another
V^ 1/ a on y° ur night table. Also one
i^*-^ r / ' I I "In yonr crij^— on a trip,"
/??r\7»Vfc nVff TX Best for the BoweU. AH drnrciats, ioc. 93c, 50c. Never «old In bulk.
L\\ov\A/LVLt.'|J The ee° mne tablet stamped CCC. Guaranteed to cure or your money
«»gyn»wyro backt . Barnp i e and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company. Chicago or New Yorlc. 613
oooooooooscooo«««o0«eo«e©oe«o«©©oe©fio©©««»o»o«©«e«e©®©0ooo®o©oo©©«©o
o ' : - f -^ ' ¦ * ¦¦ .. "¦' ' /;,'¦ '•
I HEADACHE' HEARTBURN. j
{ NAUSEA, CONSTIPATION, j
I BELCHING, INDIGESTION, 1
| |H FLATULENCY, DYSPEPSIA I
o J«yfiie^L Are symptoms of a weak and disordered stomach, and ©
• if you are a sufferer from any of them and want to £et |
S 4B|^^"sMlT^^\ wel1 we *vould ur£e you to give this wonderful medi- •
| ° ine a ?air tMal " I
I 1 Stomach Bitters. |
<J gH '^^^J^f^^rj^ ' fc * s a specific remedy for the Stomach and con- ©
i\ S¥ '^^^^^S^ tains nothing that would injure the most delicate §
J! fur fe^^^^^SS system. A dose before meals will strengthen your §
o BlTul £*iiiife^iNi^ stomach, improve your appetite and start you on the %
J r~"~"~~ ( "^"^ S
• Dear Sirs— I have used your Bitters) \ Dear Sirs— I have used your Bitters) 8
• and found it a valuable tonic. It stimu-) jand have always found it beneficial for a( %
o lates the stomach, increases the appetite ( 5 disordered stomach. It does everything \ •
S and prevents Belching and Heartburn. \ (y° u claim for it. ) S
• ' G. PFINGSTEN, M. D. } l^^^~^JzJ^^ •
• DELAY IS DANGEROUS. OBTAIN A BOTTLE TO-DAY FROM YOUR DRUGGIST. S
2 • - *t- \ '. * .' ; - '" * •
••••••••••••••••••••••••©©©•••••©•••©••^•••••••^^•^©©•©••••••©••©•••i
R P TT Q H 1? C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
O il U O XI Ei O ers « bootblacks, bat h-
. ' houses, billiard tables,
ftrewers. bookbinders, candy-makers, caaners.
ayera, flounnlllsv foundries, laundries, paper-
. 15 erSt Printers, painters. aho« , factories,
stablemen. Ur-roof ers, tancsrs, tailor*, etc
fcUCHAiSA.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramanta St
¦----•¦ ¦ ; i|
IA Further Advance to 70 Cents a Share I
Is Announced to Take Effect on or j
Before Saturday, May Third. V . . ; r * . j
Other Advances Will Be Announced i
I Immediately Thereafter. J ; |
7T" HE- Mergenthaler-Horton Basket .Machine Co. is making constant B
* progress. Its plans are being realized so rapidly that its shares must 0
:.'. be sold at par within ninety days. ?.\ H
V-' Statements I made; in'; this. Company's announcements may be relied t§
m upon as'exact. and shareholders w ill more and , more clearly - understand H
H that the Company's prospects have not at any time been overstated. n
H It is but fair to to those who have been making preparation to mir' H
H chase shares of this company, that the allotment at, 60 cents per share mav I
§3* be closed several days earlier than this; present announcement This was thi K
B ••"' case with. tbe 50 cent allotment, just closed, which was announced to closenn W
H May 1, and then on April 24, and finally on April 19.- CCQ lo close on U
H -The capital of the company is Ten Millions, and Its officers are- 11 H B
H: "Warner, President;. Charles R. Barlow, Treasurer; Sidney B Whitlo'ck We R
m i i ii j -"'iiii j i nimjjiiifi _iwwirw^fnni^iwtin*iiiBiiiwiir i'iiunniiP r "UPOLiuaiJi *
E ¦¦'¦"¦ "Checks for subscriptions should be made payable to order -of Charles R H
I : Barlow, Treasurer. . - . c~ . " B
I THE MERGENTHALER-HORTON ¦
BASKET MAG HINE COMPANY I
. Office, 507 Hearst Building, i- .. - San Francisco. • i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My Facilities
For Treating Meo
is : ¦ -6
o— — : — — Q
O. C. JOSLEN, M.D.
Tha Leading Specialist.
O O
O ! ;_ o
MT INSTITUTION FOR THE
treatment of men' a diseases is the
most complete of its kind upon the Pa-
cific Coast. My offices are thoroughly
equipped with everything- that can aid
in the curing or add to the comfort of
my patients. • Everything-, from the
simplest instrument to the most com-
plicated and costly electrical apparatus
is at my command. My suite of treat-
ing rooms is the largest In th« city,
which insures privacy and obviates the
annoyance of waiting. I can truthfully
say that my unequaled success in ef-
fecting permanent cures Is due In part
to the comoleteness of my facilities,
for without these aids the application
of my original and thoroughly scien-
tific methods of treatment would neces-
sarily be less nerfect. I believe that I
fcave Dracticaily attained the limit of
medical science In this particular
branch of practice, and the Inability
of others to duplicate my cures Is con-
clusive evidence of my leadership.
o — —A
0 _ — — —^
"WeaKncss."
In treating so-called "weakness" I
employ no tonics or stimulants.
"Weakness" In all its phases and In
practically every case- that comes to
me for treatment is merely a symptom
resulting- from a state of chronic In-
flammation existing in the prostate
gland. This Inflammation may be a
lingering result of some contracted dis-
ease or may ha^e been brought on by
early dissipation, etc. In by far the
greater number of cases the general
health of the patient is perfect, there
being- no lack of either physical or ner-
vous energy. No stimulants or tonics
are needed, and if employed would
only result In temporary excitement
of the functions and positive injury to
the tender and already disordered pros-
tate. My treatment is a local one en-
tirely. It removes all Inflammation,
swelling and tenderness from the pros-
tate Kland. establishes normal circu-
lation throughout the parts and re-
stores permanently and completely all
natural functions. By this method
alone ia it oosslble to bring complete
restoration of strength and vigor.
0 1 o
o o
Stricture.
My treatment for stricture la entirely
independent of surgery. A complete
cure Is accomplished without cutting
or dilating. All growths and obstruc-
tions in the passage are dissolved, the
membranes cleansed, and all Irritation
or congestion removed throughout the
crjrans involved.
k: .,:, — - — —^o
&- '"" ' ' ' : -i — --o
Specific Blood Poison.
My treatment for Soecifle Blood Poi-
son neutralizes and eliminates the very
last taint of virus from the system,
and all this is accomplished without
the use of dangerous minerals. I af-
ford you a complete and permanent
cure. r
o —
G — o
Contracted Disorders.
Every contracted disease Is attended
by grave dangers that nothing less
than a thorough and absolute cure can
remove. To take even the slightest
chance in such cases is to Invite life-
long misery. Men do not realize this
as they should. A partial cure is fol-
lowed by a chronic stage with all its
horrors the same as though the disease II
had not been treated at all. . I post- I j
lively will not dismiss a patient until I]
every possibility of relapse is removed. I
By my system of treatment every pa- 1
tient is soundly cured and made as free I
' from disease taint as he was before the I]
ailment was contracted. gj
O . ___
& =7—: 7— o
Varicocele,
This most prevalent of all - diseases
of men la also the most . neglected,
either through dread of. the harsh
methods of treatment commonly em-
ployed or through ignorance, of the
grave dangers that accompany the dis-
ease. As varicocele interferes directly
with the 'circulation and process of
waste and repair throughout the or-
gans, the necessity of a prompt and
thorough cure cannot be too forcibly
emphasized. I cure varicocele In one
week by an absolutely painless process.
My cures are thorough and absolutely
permanent and are accomplished with-
out the use of knife, ligature or caus-
tic.
O o
o - ' • o
Piles.-
Though I have seldom made mention
of tbts distressing ailment in my an-
nouncements, new cases com* to me
every day for treatment as a result of 1
recommendations from those I havt I
cured. - I positively cure all cases of II
piles by the use of soothing and heal- I
Ing remedies. I can guarantee a com- 5
plete cure in every Instance. fj
My pamphlet, "Live All Tour Tears it
a Man." to mailed frea upon applica- H
tion. Consultation free at office or by II
mall. ||
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,/ |
J 049 Market Street, |
SAN r FRANCISCO. l|
Diagonally Opposite the Hibernia l|
Bank. ft
Sm uHBhV A ; VB^h^'^H -^^ Bm Jl— Tafi
S_ IhSHV • fa Mfc BB Jp
a S K i9 EBS9 981 Bin n q i»jHBerkeley — Farrar, pitcher; R. Boettlger,
catcher; Jlonson. first base; Whitam, second
base; Sweesy, third base; Wilson, shortstop;
Warren, left field; McQueston. right field?; O.
Boettlger, center field. Polytechnic — Yost; and
RoUrke. pitchers; Ellis, catcher: RourJce and
Tost, first base; Cooper, second base; Zeph,
third base: Moore, shortstop; -WestphaL' left
field; Cronin, right field; Zamlock, center field,
BERKELEY. April 26.— The Berkeley
High School vron another of the Academic
Athletic League baseball series this
morning by defeating the Polytechnic
High School of San Francisco In a game
played on the university diamond. The
score was 6 to 0. This victory puts
Berkeley well on her way toward cham
pionship honors. The teams follow:
Berkeley Defeats Polytechnic.
This was displeasing to the farmers and
rtockralsers of the West, who were then,
as now, in close sympathy with the Beef
Trust. Although the Ways and Means
Committee did not go to the extent of re
storing the $10 duty on cattle it declined
to provide an ad valorem duty and im
posed a specific tariff, graded in accord
ance with the value of the cattle. - -
After the enactment of the McKinley
tariff the importation of cattle from Mex
ico stopped altogether. Cattle accumu
lated there until the Wilson tariff went
into effect, and then they were once more
brought across the border, j
' Testimony taken by the committee
showed that many Americans had gone
into Mexico while the war tariff was in
force and had established ranches there
on. high ground- out of the reach of
droughts. They had invested a large
amouht."of capital and were in the habit
of sending their cattle into Kansas and
Nebraska to be fattened for the market.
This fattening process usually required
one or two years, and the point was
brought out in the hearings that it af
forded a market for the grain of .the
States in which it was carried on.
Under the so-fcalled "war tariff" the
duty of 20 per cent ad valorem was;im
posed upon cattle. The McKinley tariff
of 1S90 imposed a specific duty of $10 a
head on cattle more than one year old.
This gave way in the Wilson tariff to an
ad valorem duty of 20 per cent, and the
Ways and Means Committee, at the time
that the hearings were given, In 1897, were
considering a proposal to restore the Mc-
Kinley duty of $10 a head. ' "
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. April 26.—Interest
ing: light on the" causes that led the Fifty
fourth Congress to impose an increased
duty on cattle imported from, outside .the
limits of the United States is shown m
the record of the hearings given by. the
Committee on Ways and Means of the
House while the schedules of the Dingley
tariff were under consideration in 1S97.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Testimony. Shews How Con
gress Displeased Stock
Raisers.
Explanation of the In
crease of Tariff on
/i,- 4.4.1 ~
RECORD SHEDS
LIGHT ON DUTY
PASADENA,.*/- April - 26.— The : :Pacifio
School / of "Osteopathy will i be located at
South Pasadena. J. S/; M. :HHl"has vdo-:
nated a' site ; for the institution and.it haai
been ? accepted i by the managemen t ?. --, This
will ' be '*; the ' only i school ' of } its ' kind west
Of Missouri;: •/ ' ¦ :,...: :
Pasadena's School- of '. Osteopathy.
NEVADA", April 26.— The residence .of
Superintendent s ;.- Gus . Kart schoke of - the
Delhi ';• mine, fifteen ¦ miles \ from this '; city , :
was destroyed , by fire at 2 o'clock ;thls;
morning. V, The, blaze, was- caused' :by, a
defective \ electric Vwire. [ The ¦ house was
one of the' finest ;in~ that section; of the
mountains. , Kartschoke," his ./wife and
child j barely escaped '»wtih • their., lives. . [ All
/were' asleep -in the, burning building and
had to be aroused by miners. .... .
Fire Razes Mountain Mansion.
.SPOKANE,:: April 26.— At Wallace,
Idaho, thi3 morning, Judge Mahew pro
nounced sentence of death upon Chalmer.
E.'Shuff for the murder of Eugene Klein
at Mace, Idaho, November 11, 1901., The
Judge sentenced Shuff to; be hanged on
Tuesday, June 24. His expect,
however, to prolong his life beyond that
date by an appeal to the . Supreme Court
of the State. Klein was paymaster of the
mine where 'Shuff was working. 'Shuff
shot ; him because of a dispute over This
pay "check. TL a. crime was committed in
the company's, office, and the only excuso
Shuff gave j was that he was afraid Klein
would press "a button and blow hinv up. •
Shufl Sentenced to Die.
STOCKTON, April . 26.— Eliza Lang, a
daughter of ex-Councilman Lang of. this
city, has- signed with the C, D. Willard
company for next season. The company
will open in Montreal in October. .Eliza
Lang was formerly Mrs. Edwards, but ob
tained a -divorce -from- her husband some
time ago. ' ' - : " ..; ;\. .
During Willard' s engagement In San
Francisco he advertised that he wanted
to recruits his company and Mrs. -Ed
wards wrote him a letter. He replied by
asking her to'come down and see him and
she was in San : Francisco last week , for
several day». She ,' signed at a good' sal
ary. She has had previous stage "experi
ence under the, name of Rose Beaudet.
Obtaining a -Coveted
, . • Position.
Eliza Lang's Letter Results in Her
STOCKTON ACTRESS SIGNS
,WITH WILLAED; COMPANY
The building was the summer home of
Frank R. Eckert, the well-known turf
man. Its original cost was 510,000, not
counting the furnishings, which were ex
ceptionally elegant. The mansion: occu
pied a ' hilltop commanding a beautiful
view of Cloverdale and the Citrus .Valley.
CLOVERDALE, April 26.— The Eckert
mansion, on the hilltop overlooking
Cloverdaie, was burned to the ground at
an early hour this morning, and Mr., and
Mrs. Hartman, the tenants, escaped with
their lives only by jumping from the win-,
dow of their bedroom in the second story.
They had no time -to save even : their
clothing. The flames advanced so
stealthily ,that the building was 'doomed
and all means of escape except by j the
window cut off before the sleeping occu
pants knew of their peril. Not an article
of furniture was saved.
Residence Barely Escape "With
. Their Lives. . '¦
Tenants of the Splendid Cloverdale
TURFMAN ECKERT'S FINE
COUNTRY HOME BURNED
Wynn valiantly attacked >' the .writhing
mass . single* handed' with:- a {cottonwood
club. The rattlers were too : torpid after
their winter's retirement to strike far and
Wynn. avoided their fangs, killing . nearly,
erery. reptile in '-the.. two -bunchjes. ¦ Ha
then searched out isolated victims and in
twenty minutes counted 107 dead snakes.
Nearly as many more were in the vicin
ity, but escaped under rocks and into
holes. Wynn took many rattles as tro
phies.
PENDLETON, Or., 'April 26.— One hun
dred and seveTT rattlesnakes slain " in a
few minutes was the record made by John
Wynn,- a. sheepman, living, ' in : the wild
range, country forty miles south of here,
yesterday afternoon. While Wynn' was
coming home down Seven ' Mile Canyon
he discovered scores of rattlers coiled in
a huge bunch, sunning themselves. ' As
Wynn sidestepped to. escape he ; nearly
fell over another rattling bunch. . He re
tired ' for assistance, but, though two
herders came,^neither would aid. him.
Seven Rattlers in Twenty
Minutes.
Puts to • Death One Hundred and
SOBEB SHEEPMAN SEES
SNAKES BY THE SCORE
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
BUTTE, .Mont., April 26.— John F.
Forbis, an eminent attorney of this
State, and his law partner, L.' O. Evans,
representing the Amalgamated Copper
Company in the sensational Minnie Healey
mining case, were to-day adjudged in con
tempt of court by Judge E. AV. Harney
of the District Court. They were fined
$500 each and committed to the County
Jail for twenty-four hours. Late to
night, however, Chief Justice Brantly of
the Supreme Court issued . a writ of
habeas corpus and released the two at
torneys on bail of $500 each.
The contempt grew out of the scandal
connected with the trial of the Minnie
Healey case, in which numerous affidavits
were presented in court charging Judge
Harney with the most shocking immoral
ity and corruption in connection with the
case and his decision in favor of F. Au
gustus Heinze and against the Amalga
mated Company.
Forbis and Evans did not prepare or
present the. affidavits, but after Judge
Harney had stricken them from the rec
ords on the ground that they were im
material and contemptuous, Forbis and
Evans were called into the case to make
an effort to have the affidavits \ included
in the records of the case for an appeal
to the Supreme ¦ Court. Because , they
asked the court to allow the records to
show what had' been stricken out by the
court, Judge Harney adjudged the attor
neys guilty of contempt.
The court's action caused a tremendous
sensation and protest came from scores
of attorneys. The people generally be
came "excited and denounced the cuort.
Violence was even talked of.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 26.— Charles War
drip, a youth of 19, confesses that he. is
the murderer of Hugh Duffy, and declares
that he prefers to hang for the crime
rather than undergo imprisonment for
life.
"I know I am in for it," said Wardrip
to Sheriff Charles Naylor of Salt Lake,
who, with Detective Max P. Fisher, ar
rived with, the prisoner in this city to-day.
"I know it's all off and that I am going
to swing, but I intend to die game. No
life imprisonment for me. I am going to
face it like a man. I will die game like
my brother did, who was executed at Co
lumbus, Ohio, five years ago."
Chief of Police Sullivan has in his pos-^
session memoranda written by Wardrip
and handed by him to a cellmate at Salt
Lake, in which* he stated that he was in
Seattle and Tacoma during the week in
which the murder of Hugh Duffy wag
cdmmitted in Sacramento. He expected
this cellmate, with the aid of these notes,
to help him establish an alibi. When
asked why he had done this, 'Wardrip said
a man would do anything when he knew
his life was at stake.
One of the most damaging circum
stances against Wardrip was the state*
ment of Dr. A. A. Meyer,. a retired physir
cian, lately arrived from South Africa and
living on the dairy farm of his widowed
sister, Mrs. Hirschman, at Salt Lake.
Wardrip and another man were occupy
ing' the loft of a barn on the place when
Dr. Meyer heard a conversation in which
Wardrip told of having killed a man in
California, in order to save a boy confed
erate. Wardrip says the boy was separ
ated from him on 'the night of the murder
and he has not seen him since. He de-r
elares his only object in shooting Duffy
was to save the boy, who had been seized
hy Duffy, while Wardrip Was still in the
Bartell house, which he and the boy had
already ransacked. ,
Wardrip was released from San Quen
tin in November last after a year's term
for a burglary committed at Madera. He
was born in Kentucky, of Russian par
ents.
Entries for Park Tennis.
Thirty-three men entered their names
for the class tennis tournament to be
held on Golden Gate Park courts to-day.
There will be twenty-four men In the sec
ond class and nine In the first. The affair
was open to only those who play regu
larly on the public courts. The drawing
resulted as follows: First class— G. K.
Bates vs. D. T. Wagner; T. W., Tetley, a
bye; H. G. Routh vs. James A.' Code: M.
K. Lee vs. Will Allen; L. R. Thlerbault
vs. Charles Dunlap. Second class— C. A.
Cummin gs vs. H. Baer; K. Marr vs. M.
A. Edwards; H. A- Turner vs. G. Acret;
G. Webster vs. G. Griffin; G. H. Clear vs.
E. Miller; W, F. Staff vs. G. S. Lielach;
Alec Beyfuss vs. R. W. Turner; G. W."
Karap vs. G. W. Baker; J. C. Bozart vs.'
M. C Campbell; J. L. Smith vs. Ed Fin
nigan; P. T. Black vs. W. A. Twiggs; J.
S. Brady vs. J. Adams. . -,,'¦•
Sale of tickets for the Orange Blossom
Excursion to Penryn Saturday, May 3,
closes April 28.
Ihiffey Equals Hundred Yard Record
PHILADELPHIA. April 26.,— The world's
cne and two mile relay records were
broken and the world's figures for 100
yards were equaled on Franklin Field
this afternoon in the carnival of relay
races and Held sports. Harvard won the
one-mile championship in the new figures
of 3:21 2-5. Pennsylvania captured the
two-mile championship and clipped one
fifth of a second" from the world's record
of S:05, and Yale took the four-mile relay
championship in slow time. The 100-yard
dash was run in two heats and a final. In
each of his races A. F. Duffey of George
town equaled the world's record of :09 4-5.
The oleomargarine bill, as agreed to by
the House, wa3 laid before the Senate,
but went over until the amendments, as
agreed to, should be printed.
A resolution offered by Proctor of Ver
mont was passed directing the Secretary'
of War to send the Senate the number
of disappearing gun carriages under, con
tract; a list of the bids for the construc
tion of said carriages, the total cost of
the carriages, where they will be mounted
and where it is proposed to mount those
under construction. The resolution was
adopted. ' ' -. .
Jones of Nevada, chairman of the Com
mittee on Contingent Expenses, reported
favorably the resolution of the Committee
on Relations wi%h Cuba providing for an
invest tgation by that committee of; the al
leged control of the Cuban sugar crop and
sugar lands in Cuba. Teller/ of • Colorado',
who had introduced the resolution, said
it was not what he wanted entirely, and
was not what he thought ought to be
passed. He said that he desired to deny
that he tad ever said' that the Colorado
sugar producers were willing to have the
duty taken off' sugar. He made such
¦statement in view of such a. remark hav
ing been attributed to him by, a witness
before the Ways and Means Committee.
He would not object to a reduction of the
duty on sugar, he said, if there also was
a proper reduction on other things. .The
resolution was adopted without further
comment. ' ;
WASHINGTON, April .. 26. — In the
Senate to-day - Platt of Connec
ticut ¦ presented a conference report
on the Chinese exclusion bill, asking
that the Senate disagree to the report
and insist upon a further conference. He
explained that-the only point of difference
between the conferees of the Senate and
House was that the House conferees
asked the Senate conferees to eliminate
from the substitute passed by the Seriate
that portion which provides that the pres
ent Chinese exclusion law j be extended
through the life of the present treaty/and"
remain in force until another treaty shall
have been negotiated. ¦ . ;; ¦ '¦
Platt' s motion, that the Senate insis£
upon its amendment and agree to another
conference was adopted. Platt, \ Dillingr
ham and Clay were named as conferee^
on the part of the Senate. f
Has No Defense to Offer and
Is Willing to Pay the
Sugar Crop to Be In
vestigated.
Alleged Control . of Cuban
People of Butte Become In
dignant and Talk of
Violence.
Slayer, of Hugh Duffy De
clares He Will Die
"Game."
Report on Chinese Ex
clusion Measure Not ;
Accepted. i
Montana Judge Impris
ons Two Eminent
. Att onieys; :
READY TO HANG
FOR HIS CRIME
SENDS LAWYERS
TO THE JAIL
SENATE DEMANDS
NEW CONFERENCE
¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ \ '•' <~v.'- < -*¦ ', - 7
THE SA1ST FKAKCISCO CA1.L^ SUNDAY, APRIL, 27, 1902. }
PHOENIX. April 26.—An unusual inci
dent-occurred in the District Court
at Solomonville yesterday, when Judge
Fletcher M. Doane caused to be entered
in the court record an order that none
of the jurors in the Reilly murder case
should ever be:.permitted to sit on a jury
again during his . incumbency on the
bench. The jurors brought in a verdict
of acquittal in a case where the guilt of
the defendant, James Mclntosh, seemed
so apparent that the Judge and the pub
lic were taken by surprise.
Early in the year a traveling photog
rapher from San Francisco named Reilly
entered the Richelieu saloon at Clifton
and began gambling at a crap table pre
sided over by the wife of James Mcln
tosh. A dispute arose over a bet. Mc
lntosh interfered and . "knocked down
Reilly, beating him brutally. As Reilly
lay .helpless on the floor Mclntosh jumped
upon him and stamped him until the vic
tim was carried away unconscious, dying
a day or two later. That no penalty what
ever was inflicted upon the mur.derer by
the jury is considered a public outrage.
Modern Hotel for Stockton.
STOCKTON, April 26.—Stockton is, to
have a modern five-story hotel, to cost
$150,000. W. S. Collins, representing Los
Angeles capitalists, made the announce
ment-to-day that he had procured a bond
on the necessary site, which is in the
business center. The structure will be
H-shaped and'contain 125 rooms.. There
will be a roof garden.
Issues an Order That the Twelve
Jurors Be Barred From Service
in His Court.
VERDICT, OF ACQUITTAL
• ANGERS ARIZONA JUDGE
It is said here that this proposal will be.
of great benefit to the Dominion Govern
ment Assay Office in Vancouver if it be
carried out in accordance with sugges
tions that have come .-from the West.
The plan suggested-^and this is the one
that in all probability will be adopted by
the Government— is th.it the 5 per cent
will still be qollected 6n gold mined in the
north and the rebate on production at
the Vancouver Assay Office will be in
creased from the present figure to 2% or 3
per cent. Such an arrangement undoubt
edly would be of great advantage to the
business of the Vancouver Assay Office
and there is at present suggested no good
reason why this should not be arranged
by the Government. *:
; VANCOUVER, B. C, April 26.— The Do
minion Government has decided to reduce
the royalty on gold mined in the Yukon
district. The royalty is now 5 per cent.
It has becm decided to reduce it to 3 or
perhaps 2% per cent. It will be collected
as an export tax in the future and there
will be certain exemptions.
Will Be Collected as an Ex
vport Tax and There Will i
; ' : - v Be Exemptions.
Ottawa Decides to Re-'
duce the Royalty on
Gold. ' J
JOYOUS TIDINGS
FOR KLONDIKERS
27
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
&t - ' Steamers leave Broadway
ppW^ Wharf. San Francisco:
fir-SSSSifc For Ketchikan. Juneau,
K^S^!^,—. Bkagrway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
lfeplC\}3!L Tn - April 16, 21. 2«. May 1.
B^ 1 5S3 Vil Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
/• S **8sE§|$gK For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett. New What-
("la Port Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m. (frelghfonly). April 18.
24 For Ensenada. Mag'dalena Bay. San Jow del
Cabo Mazatlan.- Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia? Gufymas (Mex.)-10 a: m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
. RiKht. is reserved to change.steamers or sail-
'"^ICKiS'.T mr"PTCE— * New Montgomery
6 "ERKiNS * CO.. Gen. Agent. |
- 10 Market st..'San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
LEAVE SEATTLE."
SENATOR •» "IHS24
VALENCIA ...........JUNB 7
And fortnightly thereafter . during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant • steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
' landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nom»
folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). ¦ • ¦
QOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
/ ¦ ' 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R.& N-CO.
ONLY" STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
*. ;. -• . ¦ ¦ xio-vy X2£»o? ivatics. ¦ ¦¦: ' : ¦
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
83. COLUMBIA Sails .' . May 3, - 13, .. 23, June 2
SS. GEO. W.ELDER Sails.....:
;..... .......... ..April 28; May 8. 18. 23
. Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W.' HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Mong'y_S. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. . Sailing from How-
ard 8, pier 10, 12 m. '.'.--.
GUATEMALA. .May 10ICOL.OMBIA Juno 21
PALEN A ....'.. May 31 |TUCAPEL ..... July —
- 1 These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and' South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end passenger office, 316 California street. -,
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., . Gen. Agent".
BATTLE CREEK'S
GREAT HEALERS.
Battle Creek's) Most Famous Phyni-
claim Have Perfected n System-
of Treatment That' Is Start- I
llnsr tlie World by Their
'-:/ ' .' Wonderful Cures.
TREATMENT FlWoUR READERS.
The above Is a portrait of Dr. J.M. Peebles,
president of Dr. Peebles' Institute of Health,
known over the. entire world for Its scientific
researches j and- wonderful cures of | diseases
formerly thought- incurable. ..They have dis-
covered and perfected a system of treatment
-whereby thousands of lifelong. 'sufferers- are
quickly and permanently cured even after other
doctors had pronounced them incurable.'
• Among the thousands of so-called Incurable
cases they have, permanently -cured are th»
paralytic, the blind and the deaf ; also those
suffering from. Bright's disease, consumption,
catarrh, stomach and bowel troubles, nervous
debility and exhaustion, rheumatism, heart
disease, female troubles, fits, neuralgia, blad-
der trouble, dropsy, eczema, > blood disorders,
piles, asthma, in . fact, all chronic diseases.
- In order to demonstrate , to . all the wonderful
ef floiency of their treatment they offer every
reader of The Call who is ln poor health a
ten days' especially prepared treatment, with
postage cr express prepaid, absolutely free.
¦ Even If your case has been pronounced ln-
curabe ! do . not despair, - for | they have cured
thousands of so-called . incurable diseases and
will demonstrate to you without- cost that a
positive and permanent ! cure will be effected
If you .will give them a reasonable length of
time in. which. to do it. Write at onoe. ad-
dressing Dr. Peebles' Institute of Health, Bat-
tle Creek, Mich;, Drawer "R. 3," stating your
troubles that they may prepare a special treat-
ment to fit -your exact case. They will also
send - you .v their book, "A Meosnge of
Hope," -explaining their system of treatment
and a full- diagnosis of your case, with their
professional advice on • your case. -w
OCEAN" TRAVEL..
ffc^Aatrfj>£ ft J»A HAWA!V 8ABOV NEW
Z— ¦ . - P'HEOH-IHEToTftHITt
SS. SONOMA, for. Honolulu,- Samoa, Auck-
'¦¦'-¦ land and Sydney.. Thurs., May 1. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA,, for Tahiti. .
..;..:. — ..... .Sunday,'- May 4. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu '.
, ...:.. '. ~. . . .'. . . . Saturday. May 10,' 2 , p. m.
I J.B. SPEECKELS & BEOS.CO., General AgtS., 329'XaTlBt
•Ben'l Pass, omce. 643 MarKet si; Pier No. 7. Pacific St.
jSXJrllEi • I Steel Steamship
Sails from Seattle about......'. ....... .June 1st"
- San Francisco passengers and . freight trans-
ferred free to Seattle. - ; ¦-: ¦ .-'¦-. .•»..
i Apply UNION .TICKET OFFICE, Agenti.
.,- . ;'r 630. Market St., S.F. ;..,-. *17
ASIKIUCAN ' LINE.
' NEW.Y0RK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St.Louis. Apr.; 30," 10 ami St. Paul. May 14. 10 am
Phlladel.May 7, 10 am St.Louis. May 21, 10 am
,: ¦;. ¦¦¦ -.HBDSTAR LINE.' , (¦¦• ;J .
/- NEW.,yORK^/ ANTWERP. PARIS.. '
Zeeland.'.Apr. 30, noonlSouthwrk.May 14, noon
Frle8land..May 7, noon|Vaderland.May21,- nooa
'^/INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.; •. .
CHAS.: D.i TAYLOR. G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
U. S. JV\J\11^, ROUTE.
V^^ 1^ SAILINCS.
\\ OTTHEM COMMEICM, Co/
Will dispatch Its first-claW steamers. carry-
Ins United States malls for ¦¦ '.•-i^.V. 1 .:
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows: • -
From San Francisco- • ¦
S. S. ST. PAUL .-..'.-"Jun* 3
S. S. PORTLAND , ...July 1
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO .-...JuneS
S S/INDIANA • ,.June 7
Connecting at Nome with steamor Satdie.
corrylngr United States mall, for -Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golcvin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.."
- ' . ' 645 Market st., San Francisco.
,Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION 1 CO.*
Puget Sound Agent, Seattle; Wash. • ?» •
TOYO IKEN IAISBA;
STEAMERS WIIX LEAVE WHARF.' COR-
ner First and Brannan streets,- at 1 o. m
for 'YOKOHAMA aa4- HONGKQNG.. cal/tag at
' Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necUng.at Hongkong .with steamers for India.
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing: . ...
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May Oth. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU .7..
Wednesday. June 4th. 19M
SS. HONGKONG MARU
. Saturday. June 2Sth. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. - . For . ¦
freight and passage apply at company's afflc*
-421 Market street, corner First. - •
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA «;Sr
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage, $40; Meals'Free.
S. S. Argyll. Sails Thursday, May 1
S. S. • Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday,* May 10
From Harrlson-st. Wharf/ Pier 16, at 2 p. m.
Freight and .Passenger Office, 330. Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
C0MPA8NIB "sEJSKALe' TBANSATLAKTIQTIB
DIRECT LINE' TO" H-AVR,B-PARI^. ¦ -^m—
Eailing every Thursday, instead of -4*Jvl\Xj»
Saturday, at 10 a. rn,, w (rom 4)ier 42. ¦ wtnlBSB
North River, foot. of MCrton- street. •
¦ First clasa to Havre.' f 70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and '.upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED" STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. - F.^ FUGAZI . & > CO.V Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 . Montgomery avenue. . San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all . Railroad Ticket .Agents.
BAY ' AND HIVES STEAMEBS,
FSnrriAvTYARD AmOaILEJO^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONlICpLO
0:45 a." m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. tn.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, .7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare SO
cents. ; Telephone Main * 1508. ' ¦ T^n<Hpa; ; and
office, pier 2. Mlaslon-street dock. •• HATCU
BROS. • " " '¦'¦¦-¦ '.. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ooooedo»ose»?»o0e»eoaos>ooooao»o«co»«oa«»»«o»oo»ooeoaeooooco#Q»oo««eo
C ~ ; : r— — — 1 —r- : ¦ : — ; U© .
O || | j ., -_,,.¦ , - : r* J ¦•--. -\1-t: v:- '.-;-;,¦¦-'• ¦• ' -. ¦-¦:-.'; '-•¦¦¦'^- ¦ O
I • * .: '-' ¦ V' -^ ¦ .- ... ¦ .- ' " I S
8 Even Unto Old Age You May Feel the Vigor of |
§ Youth With Its Light Heart, Elastic Step, |
S /Courage and Tireless Energy. You I
8 y/^May Be Free From Pains and 1
| ft A Aches and Defy Your Years. |
o yflx^5*\ II If y^"^L* Therq is a fountain of perpetual ©
Q l^^^kMh^ III *J$T youth, and you have only to reach out o
® III s / **^ your anc^ an<^ ta^ e ltm can n^- §
• 'P^^i/l-^^^- /X .' . of it until your heart shouts with glad- g
? fty/i^v^ — ? J^f — ness, and with all your might you ©
o >^^'^ " ~ ' will proclaim, as other men have, §
I m{\^ " ! AM A MAN!" I
° \ • Like the giants of old, you can be^in your prime at %
O 1^^^^^^ U'Ci/J^-Bl Sixty — stron &' vigorous and full of youthful enthusiasm. •
Q . E. B. Miller. Compton Rve.. Los Angeles. Cal.. writes March 7, 1002: "I A
© nP?^lSSra.Wi^ / x3rfr^Qj<ffi ' v htiXt U£cd your " hlsh C rad « beltt.ir two monUis for lame back, rheumatism and a
fl F^iSlisS^yfef^+^^Y^^S ¦ weakened -nerves, and am now a well man. I have gataed over six pounds X
<* lil^Bfflr»'iaS!^St»-lS??3{a ln wel «T ht . *°<1 'eel as strong ard hearty aa I ever did. All my friends ©
5 BWBSi BIS&& ) f &/?iM A&SSh. acknowledge that I have had a miraculous cure, as I was almost a wreck Q
fMsSIS 8 MiWjffiwjMfi4 when I be£aa t0 us * th * Belt -" Q
S l^^^/wi /vlSlk If you feel young you are young. Youth is strength. §
• |BBi9jil| /BM ¦ If you have strength you can defy your years. - O
S W^/^^^fe? /rKPi ect " c -^ e^ w^ warm vour heart and; fill your- ©
° I/Bwn!$$l /y^^^k body with the fire of youth. It will limber your joints and %
® //aWHM\ 1/^M- '- pUt £ P" n^ s in T our le § s - It w iU make you feel glad with' g
C //n >^M\ vl JliP the joys of youthful vigor. jo
O In W$&) (^K WM%k ,. • " Mr - A. Crawford,. PDVegams. Oregon, writes: "I wm an old man of eev-' %
O //• WSfflj %/£& \/Mm enty year, before I got your belt, and. r.6w after uslnsrlt thre« months I f-el" J|
0% II Wl%W J-M&\ Wttl$, iUBt BS I-dW-wh«i.I--wa». 35 or 40 years old. I am able to do a'rsod day'si ©
W v JBW- ' I J&jfZm. tQvJc%L ' work Bho*ln« honea. and feel as younjr and active as I did 35 years aa-o I ©
O \f lEStg&& Vfafc ' •' ¦ think you with all xar heart, and when I come to the city I will show 'you A
O 7, ' IbHIe^SL - VK«7 '--¦ * n ola man ma<j8 young. 1 shell always speak a good word for Dr Me- 1 ' a
O II /^ iffiK vzazh^ L*ughlln and his Belt." , W
o If /y^^ll WK3£^ Isn>t that f °° d f ° r ske P tics? Such letters as I receive; §
e / i/^^w l-^^P^^^ 51^^- wou -k* con vert even a bigoted old-school .doctor, and hej %
q 1/ if j&S^^^^^fflf/iiir can see no S 00^ i n anything but physic. i ©
g ' { \ mm^^ sMI^t^^^" ' ve mc a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in ; •
q I^^P^^P!^^ 1^ his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his.shoul-}*
q ¦ *?•-' *"^-i^ — '^gfe^u^ ; ders, chest and sides, Sciatica in his hip, Lumbago, Rheu- S
2 matism, or any ache or paiij, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his Aching body and drivel •
• out every sign of pain., NcTpain can exist where my Belt is worn. §
n Mr J. I* Baird of OrUad, CaL, wrltwi: "Mjr back i« entirely well and I would not tak* $100 for my Belt If I could not
q get aootlier. It 1* tht b«st tlxln«T on;earlh for a lain* back." • * ; ©
© They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country* %
S which has riot cures .by Dr." McLaughlin's Electric Belt. .V. ' f - •
§ Now what does. this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not' what you ought to be, ©
o can yjqu ask any better proof -to make you try it? Is there a remedy which is as simple, as; ©
• easy to use,,as sure to cure, and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlins Electric Belt? I, have not seen J
S one. You.must. try it! Mii jusjtice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their future hap^ 'i ©
J piness, try it'now. ; Act;this minute. Such a matter ought not to be delayed. .¦ [¦'¦ %
© It's as good for- women as for men. Worn while you •¦ sleep/ it causes no trouble. You feel ®
2 the gentlerglowing heat from it constantly/but no sting; no burning, as in^ old-style belts. •
-o % <: Call t6 r day,\or send for my _.be'autiful % book, 1 full of thethings a^man likes to read if h^ <: •
• wants to be !a stVong man^ I send it sealed, free, if you will inclose this ad. ; :' S
• f*AI ITIONI Beware 'of medical concerns offering "Electric Belts Free." This offer is only a trick to foist a pack- 2
O V^«J ¦ ¦vr»i. a£c o f medicines upon you C. O. D. Write to me for.cxplanation of the trick. .; . . 2
5 SPECIAL NOTICE— I u/111 move my offices to 9O6,market St., May 1st. £?' @
5 nD M C Mrl AITn HI IN 7Q:Z -Maricet street, ; } %
S UK. XTl. V^. lUCLiAIJ.vJI I L.1 !?•».¦ At Lotta Fountain; San, Francisco:;^©
• Office Hours, 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays. -10 to 1. NEVER SOLD BY AGENTS OR DRUO STORES. .. ; ' ' : ®
Si '1L — -I ; : —^ : — - — -^— ' — — — - — -- — -- r — — : — • ¦ - ;.' .' ' '"-' _«!j©
©•••••••••••••••©••••• •©••••••••••©©e®Q0o©*©ee©e<»©©eeG©oe9ee0e©©©©e9
Wm, Wood of Bedding, CaLy, who
nearly died from malaria and
was -entirely cured by tdfcing
Here is Mr. Wood's experience #s
written by himself : -
Cal., March 21, 1902.
Halpruner Medical Manufacturing Co., : •
28 California street, \
San Francisco, Cal. " *v '.~.v'
GENTLEMEN: I can truthfully say that your remedy is- a
good one for malaria.
As I came from the East to California I was taken with ma-
laria in a short time, and I tried everything and had all the best
doctors in town, but nothing did me any good. I had given up !
in despair, and thought I must surely, die in California, and I
wanted so much to go back to my old home.
One day one of your little booklets was 'thrown on our porch
and my wife read it from beginning to end, and she was so inter-
ested in.it that she wanted to go at once and get me a bottle of
Halpruner's. I did not want it at first, but at last I- thought I
would give it a trial, -so I sent for a bottle and after a few doses
felt a change at once. I began to -get ¦ better, and have riot had
the chills or fever since commencing its use. ; "
I cannot praise Halpruner's enough for what " it has done
for me.
You may print 'this if you will and I will answer all 'letters in
which is enclosed a 2c stimp for reply, and I can truthfully say
and prove all I have written. God bless your remedy.
: Halpruner's cures malaria and rheumatism by driving out the acid and
poisonin the system through the pores of the skin. An internal dose of* Hal-
pruner's makes one perspire freely, and the perspiration thus caused carries
¦"with it the impurities of the disease and gives relief quickly. " .
If you suffer from malaria, rheumatism, chills,. fe,ver, ague, try Halprun-
'er*s. All druggists sell it for 50c and $1.00 a bottle— the large size contain-
ing three times the quantity of the small bottle. But if your druggist won't
supply you, send $1.00 to the Halpruner Medical M'fg. Co., 28 California st,
and a large bottle will be sent you by pr epaid express. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.A day. among the Redwooas and Pines
in the .Santa Cruz Mountains only. $125
round trip.. Train leaves ¦ San Francisco
ferry 7:45 a, m. (narrow gauge) next Sat
urday morning:. - • , - , . ,. , • '
Smokeless powder when blown into tis
sue at' close, quaiters cause less pain and
suppuration than black' powder, and the
grains are more easily-removed. /
A benefit for the Boer children will be
held on Monday evening at Metropolitan
Temple, when . an Interesting progrramme
will be presented; • Tickets are now on
sale at ' Sherman &: Clay's. ¦ r . - , ¦ :
Help for "the ! Boer Children.
There is, no- strike in. 'our factory. Ail
orders can be promptly tilled. •¦ Leibold
Harness Co.", 211 IJarkin street. •
"No Strike."
Duguid further alleges that on the oc
casions on which his ; wife chased him
about the streets he was followed by a
large crowd, which 'greatly humiliated
him and caused him mental, anguish. . .
Duguid alleges that he was captured 'by.
his neighbors and delivered over to his
wife, # who immediately after "their de
parture drove him again from his home,
chasing him for six blocks and .into. the
arras of a policeman, who placed him un
der, arrest. * - . ...
On the night of April 8, he alleges, Mrs.
Duguid called' him a liar in the. presence
of guests and oni'ered him out .of the
house, and four nights later chased him
dewn thestreet, yelling as' she ran- after
him,' "Help! Help! That manias abused
me!" '. '.=¦ .. .-
. In September of last year, he alleges,
she threw a cupful of hot coffee" into his
face while they were at breakfast,.follow
ing this attack with an attempt. to as
sault his sister-in-law, Mrs. 'Bertha Du
guid, with a lai-ge poker./ / -' -. , ,
The home of Charles Duguid, at 1416%
Baker street, has been made decidedly
uncomfortable of late, he alleges, by the
actions of his wife, Juanita, to whom he
was married just eight months - ago. '¦, He
filed a suit for divorce yesterday, and in
his complaint he charges his wife with
doing many things calculated ;to wear 'out
the patience of even a Jotf. ;¦'¦¦'¦
Claims His Wife -Has
Made His Life One
of Misery. \
CHARLES DUGUID
IS FRIGHTENED
In the cases of Charles Donnelly and
Edward Duncan, convicted of m»rder in
the second degree, for the same crime, a
motion for a two ¦Weeks';" continuance was
grunted.' It was remarked yesterday as a
singular coincidence- that each of the four
defendants was convicted on a Friday.
' "It Is ' proper for I the court fn passing
upon the motion for a new trial .to state
that the court, has not the slightest doubt
of the guilt of this defendant. This dec
laration. is inspired by the' inpressions
which the" evidence during the trial pro
duced upon the • mind of the < court, zp
enforced by a study of the printed record
of the evidence. If the court -had any
doubt or. even a shadow of doubt it would
not take the view which it does of the
action now. before it. In the argument on
the motion for a new trial it was sug
gested that the • jury must have ; been
moved by passion -and prejudice. In the
view of this court if any different verdict
had been rendered against the defendant
the jury would have. been open to a still
graver ' charge than that suggested.' ' ,
THE .SAN FB A2S:CISC6 '.CALL,^'SUNpAY, '-^APRIL: -;27,; , . 1902.
Elected Presiding | Justice.
iThe Justices of the Peace held "a meet
ing '.yesterday,' arid <• elected ~ Judge -;H.: L.
Joachlmsen to be Presiding Justice of the
Peace, for'the festof -the ; ; year; Joachim
sehi- succeeds ; Judge ' : Daniels, who has
filled the ',. office acceptably . for ¦ the last
eight months. JJnder the rule of rotation
the', honor would '.have ; fallen to Judge
Groezlnger, but as the latter is still un
able: to ; attend, to ; his duties- on. apequnt, of
continued illness Joachimsen 'was elected
in" his . stead. ; . ' -\ . ¦ ~ i>r~.
, A Lisbori(la'dy was being buried when a
cry from the coffin disclosed the fact that
she was still "alive. Five hours afterward
She died. from; fright. - ; V.!-».
? Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists,' 60c flask.. Richard & Co., 406 Clay.
• -- "Christian \LlvIng'.; Lwill : .be' ; the" subject
treated *, by '* a •¦' delegation '''of,. young i men
from [ the of * California at ¦ the
BethePA.M. L E. Zlon Church this evening.'
¦J '.'Cannibals "of ; the } Congo, r or; My > Latest
Experiences t Among : : the Savages i of - Af- J
rica,; 1 will be the subject of Dr. H. Grat-
. : Rev. F.ib;* Cherlngton of .the Plymouth
Congregational '•' Church '. will preach this
morning;, on; "The" Branded .' Slave ' of
Christ.'i'andfin the, evening on- "Guarding
the,' fountains. "•' " "• - •¦--'-. ¦ .'' . ; . ,•; - -'
•- Rev.'' Philip Coombe of: the i Richmond
Congregational .Church '.will preach 'this
morning -on ; "What ! Is -True .Religion?",
and in .' the evening -on "The • Unsectarlari
Head : of ' Sectarian 'Religion." ; ;
Revw: H. V H. Bell , of ¦•: the )- First -United
Presbyterian >! Church I will ¦ . preach : this
morning on "The. Painless -Home,", and in
.the evening on " "The .Young . Man and :Hls
"Fellows." '.> '¦':', '."¦"- "¦ .'.- ¦: : . . ¦ ¦ ' ¦- ¦ . ;.. •../.:,.
i'Rev. ; v E. - H. ¦¦ Averyi of >. the Westminster
Presbyterian Church % will . preach ¦ . this
morning on /.'Blessings 'Worth 7 Seeking,' '
and '{ in :.the 'evening ' on"'- : ''Perform '-'¦ the
Doing." : ¦ . '¦ ': " .-^^ -,.. s';, ; . ;, '
"Rev. Dr. Hemphlll ; of the Calvary Pres
byterian Cjurch - will preach .this ; mprriing
on "The , Glory Tof : the ; ; Church," and K in
the evening on "A Saved Soul and a Lost
Life."- . : ; ¦ .¦.. ,:-::¦:¦::¦:'. -. ¦.¦ • ¦.¦• -.
1 .'¦Rev.-" • F. (¦ W. c Fischer , of , the t Emanuel
Evangelical. Church wiir'preach this morn
ing on ; "Abiding . in Christ,". 7 ; and ; in the
evening "on "The . Man He Might Have
Been.'.' '.'. ' '•• •:?..¦ •; •: '. '¦¦' ... . '','¦:>'¦ '¦S?*^.']-}.
| Rev.< William Rader^ of -.the Third . Con
gregational Church7wiir "preach .
morning -on.VUnder the Wings", and In
the evening on' "Jesus Christ and the In
dustrial Order." . ; .•'.-¦;. .'. ' ':¦-. " .-, ¦'¦¦.;¦¦-
Rev. George C. . Adams "of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn-,
ing* on .'.;God- Has . Spokert" v and; in -the
evening. on "The Making, of a Disciple."
, "Everlasting Punishment" is the' sub
lect.lesson at the First Church of Christ,
Scientists,, this: morning. .:• ; '.-,..' . : '¦¦- ¦
Rev; E.v-A.r,Woodsyof the',. FirSt ' Bap
tist Church •¦ will preach this niornlng on
Christ's; VI Say. the Final- Word," and in
the evening on. "God. Leads.",: .. ; /. -; ¦ -\
= Rev.,. l Dr.,E.r R..' Dille of/ Oakland/ will
preach in - the iHoward • Street _ : Methodist
Episcopal Church"; in > the morning. . : Tha
pastor; will preach, in the y evening.:.
Rev. A., C. Bane .of 'the .'/California!
Street Metliodist Episcopal 'Church -¦.will
preach , this f morning on J ''Christian .Lib
erty" and in the evening on '' "Moral" of
the Strike.'"^-- "¦:. i-:V -^W-; / . : A ; --i^-N;~>"--
Rev. F.M..liarkih of the Grace Method
ist Episcopal Church will , preach' this
morning' oh ."Peacemakers" and - in I the
evening on; "A Plea for Brotherhood.".; '-
.Rev. Milton. ' D. .Buck, of -the '.Trinity
Methodist Church will preach
this morning on "Is Man Immortal?".' and
Hi the evening there»will be a musical ser
vice. ¦¦¦¦. -¦ I ¦¦'-.; •'¦ *'' .. .' .' ~. ?;-\','''
Rev. . E. j J. Harper -of .V theV Centenary
Methodist \ Episcopal Church i'wili; preach
this morning oh .".The Saved ,Uife" v and in
the'evenlng oh "The. True Church." \ J
•..Special musical' service will " : be .rendered
at j the 'Central ,,' Methodist Episcopal
Church this evening. - = : , " '. ¦¦',¦ . "'.:¦¦ . . •» :¦
¦ 'Rev. John Stephens"of:the Simpson Me
morial Church will preach' this
on*"With Christ" on* Motlnt' Hermpn.".' 3
This morning." Rev. Father Forhan,. will
preach in St. Ignatius ' ait' the '¦ last mass.
Rev: Father \ Mulligan . will deliver, the
sermonin the evening *after A vespers.: r " * .
Thomas Moran, who wa$ also convicted
of murder in the first degree for, Rice's
murder, was sentenced by the Judge to
imprisonment for life in Folsom Peniten
tiary, being the penalty fixed by the jury.
Moran took his sentence coolly.
Previous to passing sentence the Judge
denied the motions for a new trial in each
case. In regard to Buckley he said in
part:
"William Buckley, convicted of murder
in the first degree for the murder of
George W. Rice, the non-union machinist,
at Twentieth and Howard streets on the
evening of October 11, was sentenced to
be hanged at San Quentin on Friday,
July 11, by Judge Lawlor yesterday.
Buckley's mother was in court at the
time, and when sentence was pronounced
upon him she threw up her hands, uttered
a moaning cry and collapsed in the chair
in which she was seated. She continued
to wall and moSVi and had to be carried
out of the courtroom to the Judge's cham
bers, where after a time she recovered
her composure, Buckley said nothing
and did not give any indication of emo
tion. He had a dogged, defiant look on
his face.
tenced by JudgeLaw
lor to Be Hanged.
William Buckley Sen-
Subjects of Sabbath-Day
. Sermons Ohpseh by."
Clergy.. ; /
¦ I John I Sullivan was sent to the Alms
house " yesterday by the health officials.
Sullivan Informed $ the clerk in j charge
that ,he followed the trade of a '.brick
mason in his early years and that he had
helped to set in j place the cornerstone of
the new City Hall in the year 1872. Adver-,
slty overtook him, and although he has
three sons who are willing to pro vide -for.
him he says he desires to be independent
of them. Sullivan is 58 years of age and
lived at Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets. , .'. ..".-,*.. . . -, • ; • . '.
Sent to the Almshouse.
RICE'S MURDER
TO BE AVENGED
VARIED THEMES
OF THE PASTORS
Adams'. *; Sarsaparilla ;-. Fills.
"A spring: medicine for constipation, lropur*
blood, pimples, sallow complexion; 10c, 25c * ..
tan Guinness ' at the ';T. *M. C. ! A. Vthls af
ternoon. - - ' 1 -. ' .: ' '-
28
AIJVEBTISEMENTS.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
This week we will have on SPECIAL SALE all our
Fine Twill satin Flnisli and Lllertu Satin .Printed
Foularrls, also our Peau de Sole Flnlsn Foulards, tliB
regular prices or whlcnliaYe fieen $1.25 and- $1.00 narda
ALL REDUCED TO
75c Per Yard
These Foulards are In • the followlnn .colorlngsi
Castor, National,, Grans, Navies, Browns and
Old Rose.
in connection with this : sale or ; Foulards we will
close out ahout 1500 uards odd colorings of Taffeta {
' Silks and Silk TrlGptines at
50C p er Yard
These; Taffetas come ln^Malze, Cerise, Mnrtle/
Orange and Magenta, and the former price was
: :. : .: ¦ ¦•¦ .. ¦.-;'¦:)'. .¦ ;."O:':' .•"' . ;SI.OOYard '
';*"':?-'¦ "<:¦.¦: 1/ ''-.-¦"¦¦ ~~" ~~~ ~T" -.-.¦.-¦ • ¦ .... •...-.-.:- ¦' - - ; '¦tWr- .
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
;d forwarded free to any address.
' I -' m ¦'¦--. " - ; ' ¦" ¦: ¦'"? ' '' - 1 ''i U ' ' '~'
' JJ^S* ' " '"¦ "¦ ¦> ' r ' "'
I^^^^P^y-v ¦'¦... '
• : '" •¦ :; ' : "' -^*, -'• • ¦¦ ' ' '»
r-'t III. 113. 115, ; IITi 119. 121 POST STREET. N
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A ; GREAT RESTORATIVE. INViOORA-
tor and Nervine.' - , ,
The. most wonderful aphrodlslao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both Mzes.
¦ The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits
NABER. ALFS & BRXJNE. Agents.
; 323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
; FIVE DOLLAR (
. : |fi^^^| ELECTRIC BELT
Sam» >s others
>y*^^2jtf^^piJlj^ J20. • Guaranteed
¦:>¦•• : ¦¦ '¦ ¦%&X&?' genuine... Power-
•' ¦ -aCgK'---*' 0 ! " current; Latest lm-
- Provcments...' It .cures
', ; :.'*vR. --T without .znediclne..: Not!
cold by agents or druggists. . No discounts.
Free by mail on receipt of price. Circulars
free. " v Ask for the "Dr.-» Alden .Electric
Belt."' Call -or -address the- PIERCE
ELECTRIC. CO.." 2OOPo«t." St., S. F.-
record;
One $4,000. 00 Homo Completed j
, One $7,000.00 Home Started
Two Improved Homes Purchased
-'¦ \ Allby'tho . '
PACIFIC HOME
CO-OPERATIVE CO.
¦' Pay yoii to Investigate, don't
you think? .
OWN YOUR GWN HOME.
... .. . , \ ••,.¦,... '• . • ¦ ' . ¦ • , 'y.t'S'fi'i
: Call, phone or write :
'GO-OPERATIVE CO.-
. ' ; ; 400 Callaghan B'ld'g-
131 STi. , S. F^
472' 10th" St.'; Oakland. ' '.•.' . . ;. ,
.; 493 J St,-\ p resn o . .
-324^ So Spring St Los Ange les
AGE NTS WAN TED.
, I / ¦, m «»¦•.. Bay »t yoar OronlM. or aradZLlK
BEWARE
\t Injurious Imitations
TWO DROPS of George Mayerle 1 s Gernfan
Kycwater stves Instant relief for weak or -In-
flamed eyes. The Genuine can be had only of
Georgre Mayerle, German Expert Optician, 1071
Market street, San • Francisco. ¦ ... "-
' NONE GENUINE ¦.'.*;
Without the Trademark — An Eye with a
Crown. ! . . « .
W^ A Warning
¦,*tetss^ TO THE PUBLIC. :
' MR. GEORGE MATERLE, the German Ex-
pert Optician, who has been established « at
1071 MARKET STREET nearly nve years ' is
In no way connected with a party who opened
next door to him and falling themselves "May-
erle. & .Co.'tV Remember, • GEORGE MAYERLE
has not moved. He is still at 1071 MARKET
STREET. When wishing to consult Mr I Mav-
erle, LOOK FOR AN EYE WITH A CROWN
on every window, and remember the ¦ EN-
TRANCE. 1071. ; Telephone, ., South T 672. • '- ;
Additional Honor, Conferred' by Rev. '
Father Aujrustine McQlory ofSaii FrancJIsco
': It gives me much pleasure I to recommend • to"
the public Mx.i George Mayerle of 1071 Market
street, San Francisco, : strictly as a skillful and
expert optician. - My sight, began to fall In
1877. • • twenty-five years; ago,- and ¦ since that
time I have been wearing glasses. ¦ I. consulted
a prominent optician In Chicago.* Dr. Holmes
At different, times since I have " had ' lenses
fitted on In' St. - Louis, ' Cleveland, -; Ohio "and
also tried the Fifth-avenue opticians In -Pitts-
burg, who claim to be among the best in their
line in ; the. country. . I do not - hesitate to say
that "I have met with better and 'more satis-
factory results with MR. GEORGE "MAYERLE
than with any .-of the above named, who have
much higher pretensions; Respectfully s FATH
ER AUGUSTINE M'GLORY. O. -F.'m St
Boniface's Church, 115; Golden. Gate ave'' San
Francisco, • - . . ,.•/.-, "" .
The wrong glasses will rain, the ."strongest
«yes." ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦.•"-• :..• .¦ - .'-,.. ,:\ - -
. GEORGE METERLE'8 GLASSES : Strength-
en the Eye and Kraln. CUT THIS OUT
- * . ' ¦ L . ¦ • ' -¦ -
"A chain is as strong as itis weakest link—no
stronger." So is it with a Shoe I
JSf, The slightest "skim p'r'in the quality of
££J1 the sole leather, the tops, the building of
|jL«-# a heel— the substitution of. "shoddy" in
M|lJ any P art wheresoever-soon comes to the
a -^' surface AFTER WEARING! And— another new
recruit is added to the great army of super-
ficial incompetent .f? . shoes. Wear alone
tellsthe story. Walk- /V t Over Shoesare built
on honor. If
Every pair is \yh n—f especially designed
to win a permanent lyu^A friend— not tofacili-
tate the sale of mereCLS^o ly one pair.
We advertise Money- Back Shoes—
good wear or a new pair. If the.Shoes were $k\
not absolutely dependable in their every y§t
part, trfis iron clad guarantee would soon J^lw
put us out of business- . ;... - KSyK
Over 100 sty les— for men and women— all the
newest styles— all at $3.50— never less I
Why pay Fiveand Six Dollars? ,
BW ALK-0 VER SHQE STORE;
F. F. WRIGHT & SON,
&&&!?£ 924e6 Market Street; £$A
Weekly Call,$1.00 pep Yew
WONG WOO,
; KT °HJNESE 'AND HERB
Urj, '¦'¦¦?. '. ¦ SANITARIUM. ;
V- -g J&» 764-66 Clay St., S. F.,-Cal.
WMmSMtM? A Lli DISEASES CURED
•WmBaMmW*-'.'. " *\- exclusively •^^by. Chinese
herbs,? over 3000 "varieties being used. ; Hours,
0:30 to H"a."-m.,'l to 3 and 7 to 9 p.' m." '
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
¦'' ' PHK^fF "F^r"*! a vy*% f^*w^^ ' ' ' ¦¦'¦¦
» _^p^ ;^^K^ ta "1 1 The easy air t the natty appearance* is ; due
And Fetching in Effect
• Finds its embodiment in the suits
that we've made a special exhibit
W^#I % w^- ¦¦••¦¦¦'¦"¦ ¦ D A PU A T7T v
wSsSztyg&g. \*\ *S3 k *3r»2?l ¦ T» LA t^ Ww LA i 1 -! : ¦-'* .
yj -y.^ '•£¦** 7*^i _ «b\ . sK^SiS v2r^ "¦** ¦ ~ • " ¦ » I IB IB ft ¦
lillllll^iiffljil I
J As usual, we lead the way,in showing the
J Real Smart, Fashionable Hats for Men Folks.
I The Hat pictured j^abbye with its air of
1 II dash and smartness' in
I BLAGtyPEAli/AND STEEL ; ]
I ;'?> ? Vj/ > ? \J, \J ? ? ?
I None can approach: us, in: Style, Variety or Price. ¦; i
THE X NOONAN FUBN1TUBE CO., Inc.
Two carloads metal beds and cribs just received. New designs, hand-
. some furnishing; prices low as the lowest. A carload of cheap Oak and
/Mahogany Dining. Chairs and' Cobbler RockeTS arrived this week; another
onthe way. Let furnish your house for you. Carpets, Rugs, Draperies.
etc. Don't Jbqrrbw any money" to buy here. Your credit is good here, and
' our low prices will. surprise you.
WE OWN OUR OWN ; BUlLDINa— WE PAY NO RENT.
•. . ¦'.-• Free silvery to -Oakland. -Alam«d»; and Berkeley. '
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
- WE CLOSE AT: 6 P. M, EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
X Here is -another- of the stylish things, we show for IQoa. Basket' '[',
i B ody, Rubber : Tires. Whipcord Trim. Just the thing for imnmer use. < X
I Come in and examine our stock.. • ._ jj!
<{ Ask for 1902 catalogues. \'
« . Market and 10th Streets. San Francisco. ; \ »Special excursion to Santa Crur ;Moun
talns Saturday, May 3. Round trip; $1 23/
-^LONDON, April 26.-Sir Henry Irvlng's
revival, of :: "Faust" j at , the J Lyceunr The
ater ' to-night j attracted an unusual . over
flowing audience -. of distinguished "per
sons. United States Embaasador, Choate
occupied a. box and- the i usual first-night
ers were scattered about the house. -The
chief event of the evening centered in, the
debut; of Cecilia Loftus in the character
of Marguerite. •; created by FA\en Terry.
.Tho effort of ; Miss Loftus was. most'suc
cessful. V; " ; '; ¦•'•..**' . -.;
Irving's VFaust a Big- Success.
' The- Sultan of Mindanao is one Man
gigin, but all the Moros do not acknowl
edge his sovereignty. The Philippine
commission which visited Mindanao in
terrogated a datto named Mandi, pro
fessedly friendly to Americans; In regard
to the Lake Moros. He said the Lake
Lanao region was thickly settled and
comparatively well cultivated. In 1S36 tho
Spaniards ' attempted to Invade this ter
ritory. An : expedition went from IHgan
to : Lanao. "A railroad was built from
Illgan to the lake ' and three small gun
boats were. transferred to the inland body
of water. At that time tbe Moros were
indifferently. armed, but they fought vig
orously, firing stones as projectiles. The
Spaniards killed only a few Moros, while
themselves sustaining a , number of caa
ualties. They failed in their efforts to sub
due the natives.
The soldiers have had no . trouble witn
the natives, .but there -would be trouble
if whites entered the country in any con
siderable number, especially with the
Lake Moros. / *
Captain Hagadorn. who has visited tho
lake region,- describes the country as be
ing'exceedingly rich, populous and well
cultivated. • Some gunboats were taken
up and sunk in the lake by the Spaniards.
Chrlstlas invader. Koran requires
the conversion of the Christian, or, in the
event of failure, his execution. Major
General Chaffee, in his rr.port to the War
Department, said that he believed a large
majority, of the dattos were friendly.
The troops, however, wiir enter the Juris
diction, of tlje most powerful datto of
Mindanao, a man known as Ftang.
There is now pending in' the United States a
suit begun by a representative of the executive
department of this country to enjoin :a"Rrcat
corporation, oreanize'd under the laws of,- a
certain State, from ownins.-. holding and '.vot
ing tbe capital slock and controlling the policy
of .certain, transportation ' comnanles In- a-dis
tant portion of- the • country. • Without' express-
Jnc an opinion as to probable results, it is ln-
Secretary Shaw traced the development
of i the country I from colonial days • down
to the present, time, . to show, ashe said,
that "the trend of thought- has been ever
toward a central government." He', con
tinued: ' ' . : •', .
GOVERNMENT EVOLUTION.
Congressman Littlefleld responded ¦ -to
the toast "Grant." J Littlefield's", eulogy
was received with rapt attention, and' at
its conclusion Knox introduced L." M.
ShAW, Secretary of the • Treasury, whose
response to: the toast "The Government
Evolution" was greeted with applause. -
Knox, after thanking the members . ol
the club and their guests for, their cordial
reception, said he was the. bearer of a
message from President Roosevelt regret
ting his inability, to be present. At ; the
toastmaster's suggestion a standing toast
was drunk to the health of the President
of the United States, which was followed'
by a silent toast to the great general in
commemoration of whose, birth thecele-.
bra tion was held. . '
PITTSBURG, April 26.— The- sixteenth
annual dinner. of the Americus Republi
can Club of this city, in> commemoration
of the birthday of General U. S. Grant,
was held at the Hotel Henry, and because
of the many bright oratorical stars pres
ent was one of the most brilliant. of the
many banquets given by this well-known
organization. P. C. Knox. Attorney Gen
eral • of the United States, i officiated . as
toastmaster, and among those seated
about him were Li. M. Shaw, Secretary of,
the Treasury; H. C. Payne, Postmaster
General; Congressman Charles E.-Little
field of Maine and John P. Elkin, Attor
ney General of Pennsylvania:
AMERICUS CXXTB DINNER.
that the declaration of Lincoln in his first
inaugural address that he had no inten
tion to interfere ' with slavery in the
States where it already existed held the
border States faithful to the Union.- The
speaker concluded his address by relating
a number of instances of daring,* heroism
and cruelty in the border States. %.
In' the course ; of _ihis ' remarks' he' ¦called
attention j to j a r '. report .that ' ¦ an American
corporation'; which . purposed to .raise - rub
ber'trees in'Mlndanao had. arranged with
the '.', dattos ;. for * slave '* labor and I he ; .had
read an amendment which he: proposed^ to
offer prohibiting' the "grant of - any;, fran
chise Uo; persons - or corporations which"
praposed-,to; employ' slave. labor. Ho asked
Lodge'Jf-Uhe|amcndment;would'.be'i'agree
able;tbhlm._>; •;; ¦ ' ; '.;-';' ¦;'. \ ' '¦' . •' -.', <;'".,-';
* "I cannotrspeak;for. the, committee,", re
plied:; Lodge."' "For 'myself/ it 5 is perfectly
Fromthe very outbreak of- hostilities In
the Philippines,; he 'there' ; has
been> a | systematic? concealment $ of .V the
truth.'whichis nowcomingout. 'The civil
government 'establishedvbyV this j bill, y: he.
predicted ; : would result ' inv 'ever-recurring.
Insurrecti6ns{to',be put down by our, blood
and: 'treasure/,- What; for? \'In 'order ¦•that
a-, few;" rapscallions V.' and
might "have." unlimited llcense> to thieve
arid- plunder^ ',". ,'•:.¦ /V.
Carmack' referred to the cable reports
from- Manila, thaf General . -Smith had
acknowledged } he vhad p given \ orders ; to
make Samar. a' howling wilderness and to
kill 'all j over; W years; as -horrible ? beyond
the description of words._The programme,
he said , was ¦'. to ; practice unheard of bar
barities in -the. slaughter of . the InhabN"
tants and' to have the torch complete the
wcrk'of slaughter. ' : , '. •¦»•;¦ •; •, ; .
* "When-; the. land is. without a homo/and
the country : . without a" people the word
'pacified 1 ; -will J be*' written upon the , toinb-.
stone- of ? the; province; of 'Samaf." • ¦ ' : •'
"If the' carpet-bag government you pro
pose to establish. in'-. the Philippines,", he
cried, "is. not "¦{ a ; thousand "times better
than . that, which \you established in your
own country .after .the' Civil' War, , Lord
God have mercy, upon the people of those
islands." : -:".; ¦' • •'-....¦'¦ .v-.-'\- ; ;¦'/¦•..- .--.-'. ...''¦'¦- *-
"WASHINGTON, April 26.— Carmack of
Tennessee In the Senate to-day completed
the speech. on : the Philippine government
bill, which he. began yesterday. ; He con
tinued . his ; exceedingly caustic criticism
of the administration's, policy and theul
timate end'to which it would lead,' con
cluding: by the hope that : the
administration' would . turn ,\ from "the
bloody gospel of the strenuous life", to the
paths ¦ of peace. - " ¦ _' . •'. : , : ;. •
> By .the terms of the pending bill, ; he
said, jthe;islands were- for the Filipinos
as | the pasture, was V * or ; the sheep— they
lived and | browsed there < in order .to • raise
wool for,' others to. wear and 'mutton .for
others toeat. ' : ~ -. .- .- ' •;¦:"•
CRITICIZES ADMINISTRATION.
The commemorative exercises were held
in Turner Hall and Mr. Calhoun's address
was warmly 'received. ' T ' . -.
| The speaker of . the day was Hon. Wil
liam" J. Calhoun, who' arrived . from Chi
cago shortly-after noon, accompanied by
many distinguished visitors,, who Joined
with ..thousands from this and adjoining
counties ln.,the . celebration ¦ with marked
enthusiasm. Special trains were run from
various points, bringing in numerous vis
itors to swell the throng. ; ; . . '
GALENA,- III.,- April' 26.— The eightieth
anniversary of the birthday of General
Grant was "celebrated in this city to-day
under -.the auspices of the Grant Birthday
Association of Galena. This marked the
tenth observancelof the day.; The orator
of the day at the, first celebration in 1893
was '.William McKinley, followed -in suc
ceeding: years ,by orators of national rep
utation, including: ; Luther Laflin ' Mills of
Chicago," Thedore Roosevelt, Charles Em
ory Smith and others.
CELEBRATED AT GALENA.
? It ; was nearly midnight : when - H. C.
Payne, Postmaster General. ' arose to
speak on "The Men of Our Times." The
time having: approached so, closely to
Sunday, Mr.' Payne made ; appropriate
excuses, and after singing "America" the
banqueters* adjourned. '
Gentlemen, ..we have the largest merchant
fleet ever kissed by ocenn breezes and these car
riers of international commerce must be built
of American material, Jn American yards, by
American labor. They are to be manned by
American sailors, fired by American coal, or
more probably oil, and they are to float the
Stars and Stripes. '• "Whether\this will be ac
complished through' direct aid or by American
patriotism and by American energy, I cannot
eay. Whether this consummation shall be con
tributed to by statesmen or achieved by finan
ciers is Immaterial compared with the impor
tance of the thing itself .. American wealth,
American energy, plus Hawaii, - which is ours;
plus the Philippine -Islands, -which are ours;
plus the- Isthmian canal, which we will surely
construct; plus a merchant marine, which we
will surely build, will transfer the sovereignty
of the Pacific Ocean from the Union Jack to the
Stars and Stripes. • - . . .
be entering upon an equally progressive policy
of external improvement. Not as the crow
flies, but as ships, sail, it is nearer from Liv
erpool to San Francisco, via. Cape Horn, than
from New York to the same port, via the same
southern extremity. : Start two ships of equal
speed from Liverpool going to our Pacific
Coast, one through the Suez Canal and the
other by Cape Horn, and two vessels of the
same weed from 'New York. one. going west
ward and the other eastward, anM both Eng
lish vessels will reach their destination be
fore either of ours. • Cut the isthmian canal
and it Is nearer from New York to Hongkong,
via Nicaragua, than from Liverpool to the
same point via' .the' Suez. - .
It is safe to cay that had none of the great
families — none of the flave-holders — stood for
the Union. Kentucky, Missouri and Maryland
would have neeeded, and if they lied gone with
the South unanimously the Confederacy woulu
have achieved Its independence. This brings
me to the central idea of thiH speech — the main
fact — of which I never think without anger
and resentment, for I believe that justice should
be done, even in- writlnp history, though, the
heavens fall, and it 1* this: Population con
sidered. Kentucky and Missouri sent more sol
<2lers to the Civil War than any other State
and received less credit for it. They were splen
did soldiers, £oo. Theodore Roosevelt saj'3 that
by actual measurement the Kentucky soldiers
were the flneet epecimenK of physical man
hood who' were in the Federal armies; and
wben Jefferson Davip. himself a renowned sol
tfler reviewed the army at Corinth, he declared
Corkrell's Missouri Drigads to be the most mag
nificent B^Idiers his -trained military eye had
ever eased upon. . . : - ¦
It I* fAid that figures will not lip, and here
they ere : To the Vnioh armies Missouri con
tributed 103,111 Roldiefs: Kentucky,. 75.7C0;
Maryland. -Kl.CSfi; Tennewee. : 31,092. and West
Virginia, S2.OCS — making a grand total .' of
294,005*. Suppone that CJeorge H. Thomas had
eone with his State, as \i\ his brothers. In arms
from Virginia did, and that when Pickett mailfc
his spectacular charge jt Gettysburg: Thomas
had. In U 1 * nlck °* reinforced him with
tn p 'si^.fiCO veteran K«"fttuck!ans. Missourians,
Marylanders. West Virginians and Tennessee
enr then fighting in th« Union armies,- can any
ruir.an being fail to Understand what would
have been tbe result? r ¦ _ ...'.'.
The speaker expressed the conviction
It is tcnerally assumed by the wlsacres who
write the histories that in the border States the
old wealthy, prominent slave-holding families
ell 'adhered to the Confederacy, and that only
the poor, the obscure native and the lmmUfranU
frcnVthe North etood by the old flag. This U
& serious mistake. The sreat historic dominant
family connections divided. Prominent people
wore the Confederate gray. Others -Just as
prominent wore the Union blue.
He enumerated the family divisions on
the war issue of the Brecklnrldgee, Han
sons, Clays and Crittendens. told of the
loyalty for the Union of John Marshall
Harlan. Lovell H. Rousseau and Benja
min H. Bristow and continued:
CHAMP CLARK'S SPEECH.
Grant Monument Associa
tion with a banquet given at the Waldorf-
Astoria. Prominent military men and na
tional politicians from all sections of the
country were present. General G. M.
Dodge was toastmaster. At the guests'
table were General Dodge, Senator Bur
rows of Michigan, Congressman Watson
of Indiana, Congressman Champ Clark,
Thomas H. Hubbard of New York, Gen
eral Anson G. McCook, Major General
John R. Brooke, General O. O. Howard.
Rev. Dr. Robert S. Mac Arthur, Colonel
A. L. Mills, Major General James R. Wil
eon. Governor Taft of the Philippine Isl
ands, Cornelius N. Bliss and Senator M.
A. Hanna.
Toasts were responded to as follows:
"Grant." James R. Wilson; "Victory,"
Senator Burrows; "The Border States
During the Civil War." Champ Clark, and
"Let Ub Have Peace," General Hubbard.
Toastmaster Dodge read a letter writ
ten In behalf of Mrs. Grant, In which she
regretted her inability to ; be present. A
toast to the President, was then proposed.
Congressman Clark said In part:
. EW YORK. April 26. r The
/ i\ ' j anniversary of General
/ v!i / Grant's birUiday was cele
/ t& brated to-night by the mem-
JL 1 bers and guests of. the
MISSOURI STATESMAN-L. WHO
SPOKE INTERESTINGLY AT
GRANT DINNER, NEW YORK.
As soon as the bills ar» ready for filing
notice will be sent to the defendants.
Thirty days will be allowed to file answers
or demurrers. It Is stated authoritatively
that the center of the Government's ac
tion against the packers will be Chicago,
and if any bills are to be filed at New
York It will be later.
"I do not think the bills will be drawn
hurriedly, for they must stand the severest
scrutiny of some of the best corporation
lawyers. For this reason care must be
taken to withstand the assaults of a de
murrer. I have no authority to say any
thing concerning the evidence I have se
cured. It Is sufficient to state that tho
Attorney General has approved of tho
proofs secured by Mr. Bethea and my
self, and unless he was certain that wA
had strong evidence to support the ap
plications for injunction under the Sher
man anti-trust law he would not have
ordered the prosecution started at this
time."
GREAT CASE' TAKEN.
hands of District Attorney Bethea.
"I want to correct," 'said Day, "a mis
conception of my position In this case. I
am here merely as the representative of
Attorney General Knox. District Attor
ney Bethea is to have sole charge of the
•prosecution. I have not . authority to di
rect his actions, but merely to convey to
him certain instructions of his superiors
in Washington, as to the outline of tha
bills. I also have brought some additional
evidence, which I secured . in New . York.
This will be sifted by him and will be
used to supplement his proof of tha ex
istence of a meat trust.
Curider ' the"'. policy..; adopted \ by,\the : late
President McKinley I the American author-*
itles' in ,- the. -Philippines ;acted in- a; most
conciliatory /toward '. the 'Moros.*.
•j Carmack .'responded i that' his own posi-.
. tion 'was j clear.-. While the, carpet-baggers
arid adventurers .were plundering and get
ting^: control yof;. the i islands, he-said, -the
"Government' provided in this bill would be
Just .whai^ they!. wtinted.' When* they had
eyerythiiig ithey vwarited . -he ¦ said ; (they
:,v/ouldlclam6rvf6r- American markets and
-.'statehood. » :-,.' : '._¦¦
' ; CALL'* BUREAU,' 140C ¦ G > STREET,* N:
' W. , -iWASIiINGTQN, .April 26.— It is | be
cause i of j the i grave'' consequences ' certain
to ensue that administration Is . em
b'arkirig' 3 with ' such} great J reluctance^ upon'
war,' with the Moros of the island of .Min
danao: i i Half ¦ a« million ', In J numbers,' noted
for ; their \ bravery - and - ferocity Tand • im
1 feued, with ; the ¦ fanaticism: and -fatalism [of
the > Mohammedan,- this <, people ; : v/ill * be . a
!foef it Is said,' ghquld t war. ensue, that will
prove i riiorei; difficult'- to"; conquer than the
natives 1 of : Luzon 'and \ Samar. .
"Dolliver of -Iowa, asked Carmack 1 to de
fine 'his I owji^position,' having ;¦ first | ln-
Veighed, against holding the islands 'i In
'.'perpetual and being- now
solicitous, lest they, be admitted'as. States.
.. Carmack also gave i notice of . another
airendmerit he would offer to prohibit the
entry '.of-., the .,-Phlllpplnes; as stated; Into
the Union;' and' i asked • Lodge's ' opinion 4 ,
but the latter declined' to reply, categorl-'
cally, saying he^would answer in his own
timeiand' inhlsiown, way. , ; . r ..
agrfeeable to ( me.'*:
"I am confident. that this bill, if enacted
into' law, will, work- incalculable injury to
a. majority of the people, of the Western
States, 'will retard development of. public
domain arid will impose additional priva
tions 'upon hardy, j pioneers, 'will "compel
the small stock-owner, and settler; to pay
tribute' and rental to syndicate owners
or; drive them, from the- open" field, will
encourage j great', landed i monopolies upon
vacant; domain, .which' should bo free to
all, ; and will engender a . feeling j of hostil
ity ¦ and v. inequality ' among '. those "who
should be friends arid equals. With ;.this
eoriviction" I .''earnestly A recommend | that
• Last ! week the- Commissioner of the
General Land -,-'. Office, ' Blnger . Hermann,
appeared, before -the House Commlltee ' on
Public Lands' and told them that the leas
ing bill favored :by the cattle barons; was
ridiculous, ' Indefensible, unjust and. a
huge' graft.. He* concluded his testimony
by , ; saying: ~ : . \- , \ " .'¦ -
¦ "providing for the, leasing of
public lands In Western States. -This bill
proposes that a big list of stockmen, and
speculators shall/, have the privilege of
leasing all of. the. public 'grazing- lands
for' the nominal sum of. 2 Scents an acre
for a perigd of ten years, with the privi
lege of : a renewal of the lease. A-delega
tion of range men frbm'Ne, raska arrived
in this city yesterday, to urge its passage.
obtain ; from Congress a . law
PA L L B UR E A U , 1406 G
STREET. N. W., WASHING :
TON, April 26.— It ! is certain
the ; beef trust is backing the
cattle barons . in . an effort to
-,..:¦ Maior ;; Sweet subsequently. estWaated
Ithat.there were 7000 guns in the island of
Jolo " alone. ; . The Moros of Mindanao are
believed to be equally well supplied. The
Moros are. fortunately divided Into four
different tribes, 1 speaking different dia
lects, and it may . be possible to prevent
their co-operation. All, however,. profess
the , Mohammedan religion, and this- may
Induce' them to act together acainst -a.
"". Major O. J. Sweet, commanding the
Twenty-third Infantry, informed the Mili
tary ': Governor . of i the . Philippine Islands
that 'i '.'it -was 'reported ; that there- were
Krag trifles in the hands of the. Moroa on
the .island ¦ of t Jolo. - And investigation
showed that they were all of a model
later than any in the- hands of the
Twenty-third Infantry;- and- that they
.were; all bought in Mindanao and brought
to; JoloJ • are four. '. that I ¦ know of
arid they will all be recovered." •
¦Reports received by the War Depart
ment'; regarding 'the armament *of the
Moros are conflicting. Some officers have
declared that the- people - are " provided
K wlth-alarge number of guns and consid
erable ammunition and others say they
.have 1 few rifles." ' 'All agree, ' however, . that
they, have ; plenty of bolos, made of steel
brought from Borneo.- .
CHICAGO, April 26.— William A. Day,
assistant , to Attorney General , Knox and
special counsel to the Interstate Com
merce Commission, arrived in Chicago to
day to confer, .with District Attorney S.
H. ; .Bethea relative to taking action
against .the beef trust. Day said he did
not bring with him the application for an
Injunction which the Attorney General
has ordered filed against the packing
firms of\Armour\&: Co., Swift & Co.,* Nel
son, Morris & , Co.; the G. H. Hammond
. Packing . Company, the Cudahy Packing
, Company and the Sen warzschlld & Sulz
berger'Company. The; Investigation,' he
said, had been placed entirely In the
This . policy was fruitful . of peace until
recently, when Major General- Chaffee re
ported to "¦ the War Department that the
Moroa ; had i murdered , several American
soldiers. Demands for the surrender of
the murderers 'were met by a refusal
from, dattos or chiefs. In the ' hope of
effecting a "settlement '; General Chaffee
himself visited Mindanao, but the dattos
.declined to .meet -him.
AGAINST BEEF TRUST.
In supporting the claims of the beef
barons to the free grass of the West the
beef "trust •!» fighting a vast army of
homeseekers and the general development
of the country. In the settlement of pub
lic lands lies the: only hope of a greater
beef supply and cheaper meat.
"Beef is high, thanks' be to Providence,
and stock men want to see It stay that
way. Everybody in Montana is glad to
see them make money for the salvation
of the West Long live the 'Big Four.' "
. The beef trust Is opposing \he national
irrigation bill .because the passage of this
bill would mean the breaking. up of the
great cattle ranges. One of the cattle
men now in . Washington - working In the
interests of the leasing bill and against
the irrigation bill said to-day: ;
.BOOSTS "BIG FOUR."
this bill bo returned to the honorable
body whence It came and that It be re
ported adversely."
MEMBERS. OP THREE OF 'THE BIG PACKING FIRMS OF CHICAGO WHO ARE ACCUSED OF HAVING VIO
LATED THE LAW. -IN ENTERING A: COMBINATION TO INCREASE AND KEEP UP THE
" . \- • PRICE OF BEEF AND OTHER LEADING MEATS.
Though , the War/Department may at
tempt .to condone General- Smith's policy
the same lenient view is not taken at the
White House. The President: believes
that", the war " should ! be . prosecuted - with
the utmost vigor, . but within the . bounds
of humanity. , :
That General Smith's policy accom
plished these results,' It is stated, is shown
by conditions In Samar, where the insur
rectos have practically' all surrendered
and where a condition of comparative
peace prevails. . ._' ¦ . ;!
It was pointed out that the '.court which
la trying General Smith is composed of
officers who have Issued or obeyed the
very kind of orders ' which the • accused
published and enforced. The department
insists that "war Is hell" and that' the
quickest way to 'bring it to an- end is to
make the enemy as' uncomfortable and
sick of hostilities as possible. •
The. effect of the organization of the
court by j the ; President I will be to make
President .Roosevelt .instead^" of : General
Chaffee the reviewing -authority. That
means that the' President will finally de
termine the 'propriety of. General rChaf
fee's action and the advisability bf.his re
tention in the •Philippines." ¦-;' > ;.
g Because -of the far-reaching- effect of
General Smith's admissions t- yesterday,-'
considerable" perturbation was. displayed
at the War Department to-day. Since the
publication of ... the .-details in , connection
with the^nMthocTs 7 of warfare observed in
the Philippines .there has been a disposi
tion -manifested to,- minimize: the ilmport
ance .of ¦thelre.velations.Tv-V.S.'^^tt.^o.i : •-'.-':
v It »ts admitted - that; the'iflrft- gr^t^mis^
takei from anVarm'y^ pfjfrit ;,df fvlewi* was
made when General- Chaftee ordered the
court-martial- of Major WallerV of : ; th9
United States marine corps': r Thls brought
to thelnptlce : of .the -public.the? fact -that
Hhe war in Samar had not been 'conducted
in accordance with a -humanitarian policy.
One army/officer, .who. for obvious reasons
would not permit himself to be quoted,
predicted that General Smith would j ,be
whitewashed.. That an acquittal. Is. ex
pected by.; the department Is shown by the
statement 1 that. there is nothing' In- the ad
missions of 'General Smith's counsel .to
lay the dfflcer open to censure. r ' '
It is learned'that it was because of the
possibility that responsibility for General
Smith's orders would be finally placed : at
the door of;Major General* Chaffee that
the President decldedsto take,; the- matter
out of the hands of the commanding, gen
eral in the Philippines and himself order
the court which is now trying General
Smith. :..- ;. ••.,.¦: V:/; ,; ;,, •;
This is the Conclusion of army, officers
In Washington, who' read to-day the ad
mission by counsel for General Smith
that" that officer did give orders to "kill
and burn and make Samara howling Wii
derness," and did specify- tha\s all males
over 10 years of 'age should be. shot. V.' -.'
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,: K?
W., WASHINGTON, April. 26.— General
Chaffee, .commanding the military divi
sion of the /Philippines, will be made re
sponsible for, the. character of the war
fare conducted on the island of -Samaraa
a result of therfrank and sensational line
of the defense adopted by. Brigadier Gen
erar Jacob. H. Smith. ;- ../• . J ; t
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
As after the. Civil War the nation entered
upon an extensive policy of International " Im
provements, subsidizing so Ions as necessary
transcontinental lines of railway and perma
nently continuing; the subsidizing of rivers and
harbors, so after this later, war we appear to
tereetinji to note that the most pronounced
disciples of State sovereignty complain not. of
this action and utter no other, criticism than
that it should have been commenced earlier.
Note the demand, for national regulation of
railways, of ' express companies, of telegraph
companies, of Insurance and of trusts. Note
the demand ¦' for uniformity In labor laws, di
vorce ; laws. Interest and taxation laws. The
trend of events and the trend of thought seem
to be still toward a creater and more cen
tralized Eovernment. ,
Future Warfare Must
Be Conducted JVLbre
Humanely. :^
Sees a Great Future
for Our Merchant
I Marine.
General SmitW&BpJd
Defehse^ArQuseS'
President. -k]
Secretary Shaw the
Chief Orator at
Pittsburgh
\j$ejc^)^^l^h^ie^^i
Cruelty:} in^tjie '
Philippmes.%
Champ Clark Makes
a Remarkable .
Speech.
Gives Interesting-Fig^
ureson the Civil
War.
CHAFFEE
MAY GET
CENSURE
NOTED MEN PAY TRIBUTE
IN ELOQUENT SPEECHES TO
MEMORY OF GENERAL GRANT
Land Commissioner
Eh ters Protest
Against the -
Scheme. „
- z •:¦¦¦.-¦¦
"Delegation Is at Work
to
h Pass the
r Bill.
BEEF TRUST IS BACKING THE CATTLE BARONS IN EFFORTS
TO SECURE CHEAP CONTROL OF WESTERN GRAZING LANDS
Plsips to Prosecute
the Ringleaders
: Deal.
Much Care Is Taken
in Preparing the
; A ctions at
/,' Chicago.
ty riA+. jA :
Pages,29to 40 1
S AN :^&^mL- : - 27* - 1902.
Pages 2P to 40
-* ' j. • ¦ "' • ¦¦ ¦ ' -•*3&bh!e ' ¦ ' * ' ¦ ..;¦..¦¦.•, v .¦'".- \ ¦:¦ . - ¦ ' ¦ . ¦ • ¦ - -SAUSALITO YACHTING SEASON OPENS
WITH A HIGH JINKS IN CLUBHOUSE
During the afternoon there was a recep- j
tion on board the yachts of the fleet and
in the clubhouse, dancing being enjoyed ,
in the main hall to the music of a string,
orchestra. .Light refreshments were .<'.'
served, the punch being kept cool in. r
blocks of ice into which flowers were;
frozen. Several sailors from ,the United 1
States steamer McCulloch were on hand
to lend tjieir assistance.
The yachtsmen who went to Sausalito |
by the" ferry-boat leaving the city at d:43
THE fleet 'of the San Francisco'
Yacht Club presented "a gay ap
pearance yesterday, \ the yachts
lying off the clubhouse being deer?
orated from stem, to. stern with
every available prize or~ signal" flag .In
their lockers. Nearly ali the yachts > of
the fleet are in commission, and in addi
tion to the vessels regularly moored at
Sausalito ex-Governor George W. Bax
ter's schooner -Ramona.-'-Yfhioh .was • re
cently solda.by. ex-Cbmrobdore'SV.' N. Mc-i';
Carthy, was fying oh* the clubhouse, hav
ing arrived on Thursday from Monterey.
The sloop Thelma, flagship of the Califor
nia : Yacht Club, was also on hand, and,
later some Corinthian boats came to an
anchorage off Sausalito. '.', , :
p. ml were met -by the Sausali to brass
band and escorted to the clubhouse.
Shortly; after 7 o'clock V bountiful , supjper
was served, .which was heartily enjoyed
by the members : and' their, guests. | After
; • supper the yachtsmen . adjourned to the
main hall, the decoration of which has
now been nearly completed. The jinks
opened with "Chanties" by the sailors of
the jfteamer McCulloch. The Columbia
minstrels, under the direction ot'W.-V{.
Brackett, gave -an -excellent ~ black-face
entertainment,- the end men' being . G." C.
Le Mar, Clarence. M;. Freed, JU..G. -Colton^
I*. Spiro and Ai Fletcher, and the soloists
Joseph j Fisher, ! Jack Harris," F, -A; Gr\t
flng and M. : Stokes. . Baby ; Keife' and* a
:-. chorus . of voices', were r-adjJl-.
: tional attractions.":' The athletic,, entertain-'
j ment; givert :by ;permisslon > of th'e^ Olympic'
Club officers and 7 under -the ".direction \ot
George ;. S. j Mlehling, consisted*;of;Svrest- :
llng, boxipg and club-swinging, ¦ C. Cor^
nell. wrestled wltlv E;,Phillip6 and Frank
Bayly wijh ' J. Splro. George\Olsenj.Rer
formsdi ori.the slack .wire", ¦; and .George
Schlitter,.on the Boman rings. -The Rltter
brothers ¦gave 7 ari; exhibition *6f tumbling
and Otto Ritter-oheof cljib-STfririgirig. : D.
Danzlge.r^'champlon f eather-~welght; boxed
The spectators who witnessed the Gard
uer-Walcott light oh Friday night en
• joyed a run for their 'money. There was
no evidence- of a fake about the contest.
. .Referee Smith was certainly a free
agent in the ring, and had there been
much money bet on jthe fight it is not
reasonable to think the men would cut it
so fine. Smith could have given it to
either man or he could have called -it a
'draw. He would' have found supporters
in any one of the three.
The gate receipts amounted to $3200. Of
' this the fighters and the club each re
ceived half. The strike undoubtedly, had
a depressing effect upon the attendance.
Toby Irwin, the clever lightweight, Is
anxious to meet "Kid" Parker, the sturdy
Denver boxer. Jim Griffin, Irwin's man -
agcr, is doing his best to induce Parker
to take on his protege at the lightweight,
limit. >*'„¦:. ... '. .'. ... ..
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK
The game was virtually a pitchers'; bat--'
tie between- the two southwing shooters,
Cristall and Hickeyv ¦ Both were remark-
Hickey twirled masterly ball for , seven
innings. In the eighth he seemed to.sud
denly become : possessed of the jinks, the
rattles and the charley-horse, or all three
ccmbined. He made two wild. pitches and
an inexcusable error, which put two Oak
land tossers safe over the plate, i Only
one safe hit was made while the . big
southpaw was going through his blunder
ing performance. /The teams wbuld : prob
ably be playing yet if no erratic work
had occurred.- . '>'•', !
..... / : .- - •
Cal E wing's crowd mad.e it two' straight
from 'Fisher's private detectives, .'while
the wind blew; popular tunes thro*tfg^h the
patriarchal whiskers of the old fans: The
dust distributed microbes: in liberal;por
tions throughout the bleacher, . territory.
The score was 3 to 0. • . ' ' '¦.''¦¦"> '
of Denver.
Toby Irwin Is Seeking a
Match With Parker
Mchler Makes Three Great
Stops Around the Sec-/.
ondBag.
Pitches . Brilliant Ball
Until the Eighth
Inning.
Gardner- Wai co tt Bout
Undoubtedly on
the Levels
HICKEY LOSES
HIS OWN GAME
BOXING PATRONS
SEE FAST FIGHT
" 'OAKLAND EACETKACK— Saturday, April 26.— Weather fine. Track good. r-\
3GSO; FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; -selling; maiden. three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
j : ' : : i "¦'¦ ¦' ~ ; ' • -.- ¦ i~ii.' -. ¦:'¦ - ¦ ~~; j~B7tiinir*. ¦
Index, Hcrfee, Age, Weight. iSt. %. %. , Str. Fin. j Owner, and Jockey.; | Op. * "CI.:>.
3C29 lAuriftera; a -.HO* 3 1 lb .1 1 , 1 Uil'l>4 Klunder & Burns.»C6nleyi " ¦ 4 • 'i.0 f
.... jTom Slavin, 4. ...110 2* 3 4 21 2 1 2 1 Mrs. Jones &• Co. .'.Prior '. 30'' -60,,
Sdl IWlnnebeJour. 4.:. 107 -1 ' 2"1 "3"2 3 2 3 2 , . W. L'. Stanfield. .Troxlec • '6:* ,10 -
3«W jsir Claus/ 3: .-99-4 • 4 #-.¦* X 4 1 41 :,. Lewis & Men- wthr..Trnr -.- 6j 12'
.'3575'tCand«ros. 6.,.-... JOS 7 -8 2-72- 5 4 5 5-: Snider &. Co. . .McCarthy ;%.:• 3 ,: ', 4
.45005 JAugie, 3.... n03I j5 .5.1. 5 2 6 2 <J h ¦* C. W..ChappelI..Watrbry ,- ! ,30?. 12 ,
3G11) lAlir-s Giver, 5.....1W7J O 6 1 6 1 7 h !7-h' W. D. Randall.... ...See "3- '-. e V
";{(i54 Breton, 3.:.. 1021 9 ; -9" 8" "81 8 1 -~ Mrs. Ijottridge..; Webster ,10V 20
3U12 B. F. Mason, S.-.-.1U9 10 Id « . . 9 8 1 • P.. G. Lynch /h.Spargur ' 15:" 30
- Siesta, 4..-. J05ill 11 10 .10 10 1 ~ K. Levy .%>::...; Donnelly 2' 7*2 "
35C9 j Blackthorn. 3.. ..lC?i & . .-7. 2 .11 . . J.1 11:0 C. P. Fink..;.. ;..: Hoar. ..«' 12:
3491 lFrank Bain. 3.... 09112 15 12 12 12' '. B..Schreiber...L- Spencer J5 50
3OT jRbt. Bonner II. S.108J13 "13 " 13 13 13' P.yE. Smith.. ...L. Daly . « . ¦• 40 S
-Time — Vt.,:24: %, :43; %. 1:02%. • Straggling start Won first three driving. WJijner, Klun- : 
¦ der & Burns* b. 01. by Red Iron-Eliza. Three leaders . beat the "field-away from the gate. '¦
',' Scratched— Clauflator 09, Resin 99. _ r -..-•. ; . . ..—'.•" , .-* :
3UCO. SE'COXD RACE — Four and a. half" furlongs; celling; two-year-olds; to first, |325. • -•' .
1 1 • " ; - ¦ . ¦ ' " .- -• r " ' Betting. ¦
Index IHorse and -Weight. St.- • %. ¦ . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CU
(3(il«)! Sylvia Talbot. 116 21414 15 15; B. Schrelber Troxler 2-5 2-5
3655 jClarinette 105 1 25 2 6 2 4 2 3 ¦ - H. J. Jones See 10 12
352S Horatius ..'. 110 4 3n33 33 3n Chinn & Forsythe..Conly 6 8
3tH3 iGaviota 107 6 6 63 5 5 4 2 A. B. Spreckels Hoar 6 8
-.3630 jEscarola ....105 3 4 10 4 2 4 i£ 5 6 Baldwin & Co. ..Frawley 10 25
- 3055 {Brume! ., 107J 5 55 6 6 « A. Josephs Prior 20 100
Time — >/i. :24; hi. :4S»A; 4%f.. :56. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. B. Schreiber's ch. f. by Balgowan- Parolee. Winner best by pounds. Gaviota
away badly.. Escarola tio speed.
3CU1. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index.Horee, Age, Weight.|St. %• %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3601 INarra G. 4... 105 ! 5 2n 3 2 ... In . Miss C. Gibson.. Howson 2~~ 2
3C4«i jRasp. 4 ..106I11 8% 6 ... 2 2 J. Green Prior 12 12
,3t542 1 Silver Fizz. 5. ...107112 10 1 7 ... 3n P. Corrigan Donnelly 6 6
3042 Novia, a 108 6,51 8 ... 41 Brown & Co.. .McCarthy 8 10
..„ Max Bendix, 4. ...106 8 82 9 ... 5 1 C. Llnd Hoar 10 10
3*38 (Devereux, 5 . r .l09 7-" 9 1 - 2 b ... 6 1 S.Merri wether.. Burlngm 12 20
2039 [llilouon. 4 ...106 1 "4h 4 ... 71 W. D. Randall See .-10 .8
¦S&i\ |Hi-Nock-Er. 5.. .103 3 7 h 5 . ... 8 h J. D. Lucas.. .Fauntleroy 9-2 10
. 36:u JModder, 4 HK5| » 12 1 11 ... 9 : ',4 j. M. Crane Troxler -5 8-"
3301 jPatsy Dolah, a...TOT '4r 12 11 J,. 10 2 H. Butts L.Daly .10^ -20.'
X317 lAesop. 5..... ...r. IO9 13 13 12 j.. 112 C. ChappellcWaterbury - 30 ' ' 50"
•w... iGoddese Night, 4..10t;i 2 : 3 h 10 • ... 12 10 Piedmont Stable Fogg 7 12
- 2300 K'ourrt Huber, 4..-.11C1O 11 1 13 ... 13 ... D Cameron Conley 10 20
3C23 1 Lakeland, a ..1091 Left W. Curtis Frawley 20 50
. Tune— V t , :2±Va; li,-:49.Vi: 5%f..J.:C8»4. Good start. -Won first three drying." Winner, Miss
' C. Gibson's. b. m. by Blooms bury -Czarina. JCarra G nicely . ridden and best. • Silver Fizz'
ran a swell race from where ehe got away. Max- Bc-ndix -had a stormy trip. Away poorly.
See let Illilouon Tall back at the start. Scratched — El Karn 106.
UO«»2. FOURTH RACE — One mile; Felling; gentlemen riders: 4-year-olds and up; first, $325.
.1 I I ¦ 5 j Betting.
Index 'Horse, Age. Weight. ISt. U- %- Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
35S3 |]>uke Tork, II, a.l62| 3 26 11 11 12 (I. Morehouse.Mr Skinner 1 fl-10
•AMi ! Loyal S, 4 16214 5 3n22 25 V. Gilbert. Mr. Dieckman 6 8
W4? IBarnato. a 165 5 34 46 4 15 32 Little & Co... Mr. Bates 6 7
2648 ITho Gaffer, 4 Ifi2 1 In 24 34 4 20 J. Slmpson..Mr. L*dgett| 6 -5
Sea iFree'Lancy. J a 160 2 ¦ 4 14 5 ¦ 5 * 5 • Buffl'gtn & Co.Mr. Pugh| 3 '8
Tlme^-Vi. :2OVs; :51: %, 1:19%: mile. l:47Vi- Good start. Won handily. Second and
. third driving. "Winner. I. Morehouse's ch. g. by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. Winner best
and -perfectly ridden. - Mr. Dieckman- on Loyal S' used good Judgment. Free Lance lame
* ' before the race end no chance.
.3(>U3. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
; IcaexlHoTE*. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Etr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op? "cV. •
<3fi25)1 Doublet. 5 Ill I 2 11. 1"1 11 11% D'. S. Fountalii.: ;..Prior "6-5 7-5
r;C3fan)J8«a Queen. 6 109 K 2n 2n 2 114 2 2 John A. Lewis Hoar ,3 3
3640 'King Dcllis. 5.... 114 4 8 • » 3 h ¦¦ ¦ 3 % 3 n S P. Tate. .. . .Bozeman 12 40
(r>.(;42)! February, a 109 .7. 5 h • .-6 1 .- 4 h 4 2 J. S. Gibson. ...Howson 7 5
3C5J Sly,, a .......109 1 3 b ' 4 h ' S l 5 1 D. Hanlon i See 5 5
¦¦'.X2S The Miller, 6 111 8 4h 5 !S 6 2 6 5 G. P. McNeil.. A. Kelly 20 4u
r (Stu-^) INed Dennis, 5 111 «'' C«4'8 ¦ ' 72 7 2 Piedmont Stable.. ..Fogg 40' 100
¦'SCOS !Bagdad. 5 ........111 8 7 1 7 Vz 8 8 H. L. Haskell Bell CQ 150
Time — 14. :24; %. :19; *i; 1-.14; %. r:27>-4. Good etart. Wen ridden out. Second and third
driving. Winner. D. S. Fountain'.* ch. r. by Domino-Lucy Wallace. Sea' Queen the only
¦one to go after Doublet.: See on Sly rode a queer locking, race. February an in and outer
.- Scratched— Golden Light. 108. ...,.._ ¦,. -•-:-. • u * •
S004. SIXTH RACE— 1.1-10 miles; Fabiola handicap; and up; to first, ?325.
. - I . ('..'• -*'---¦ - , . -I . . Betting.
indexjHorse, Age, . Weight. | St. ; Vt. ¦ %.' ! Str. Fin. I Owner, and Jockey. Op. Cl.
--3C50 (Antol*«, .4. , 107 3 5h 4n 14 In D. A. Honlg... Prior* 6
.3CK4 lArtilla. 5 :.... ...107 .6 7 7 2 12 3 C.'W. Carroll....... .See 8-5 8-5
3645 |Rle Shannon, .5... 113 4 3h 12 3 U, 3 3 J. Coffey Conley 7 «
S>5KS IRedwald. 5 >..-., .113 7 6621 42 41 Magrane & Co. .Frawley 4 9.2
- U645 ILimelight. « ....US 2 2 .U, 3 h 5 1 .5.2 William ' Cahill. :.. .Hoar 6 13-2
3CU IDiomod, 5 .. 110 5 4h On 65 65 Brown & Co. .McCarthy 15 30
VAit. lAda. N, 4 ..10ff| 1 In-' 5 2- 7 7' JAntrim SUble.... Troxler 5 ls'-5
Tflme — \i. :23; >i. :50; «4. lrlS'-i: m. 1:42; 1 1-16m. 1:48. Good start. Won first three driv~
»ing. Winner. D. A. Honig's b. m. by Lettoon-Anvolee. See on Artilla made too wide a
turn Jnto the stretch or he would have won. 'Rcdwald and Shannon bumped together at
the start. Ada N lame. ... .
T " : — ; ...,.-., . -¦¦¦ — ; : : — - — —^
.THE CALL'S K.A.OI3STC3- FORM'QHAR'T
; This morning. the fleet will cruise "under
signal from Commodore R. S.'Brldgman's
flagship Thetis, and will escort the visit
ing yachts On their homeward trip." * ¦- * : :
with J. Lundy, while Sani Berger, cham
pion amateur heavy-weight of the Pacific
Coast, put the gloves on with' Dr. Bailey.
Peter" Bacigalupl showed a fine series of
moving pictures. After'the high- Jinks a
luncheon was served, being succeeded by
a low jinks. : ;! • ¦ .
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Past won.
Cheat -'Em- second, Dolce' ". 'Farnlente third-
Time, 1:15 2-5::.; -;:,— :>•: •'¦<¦¦>¦;'.. ¦•- v . - :• :
- ,- Sixth • -race, four-, and^ a -half- furlongs^ — Red
Knight won, Impetuous secQnd. Baikal third.
Time. -:57. ¦.--.-•- .
fNABHVltrJE.'-Tenn^ "ApHl 28.^-Cumberiaiid
Second race, five and a half furlongs, handi
cap*—Cervera won. The Musketeer second Fly
ins Buttress third. Time, 1:08 2-5.
Third racv tour and a half furlongs^ — Ken
nard wen, Flambpya'nt second, Scottish Blu»
third. Time, :57 1-5. - '' • '
Fourth race, the Queens County handicap,
one mile and. seventy yards — Margravlate won.
Colonel Padden second, Oom Paul third.- Time.
l;46. • .
NEW YORK. April 26.— Aqueduct summary:
First race., seven -furlongs, :. selling — The Puri
tan won,. Meistersinger second, Marothe6 third
Time, 1:28 1-5. ,«j. ... >
CHICAGO, April 26.^-Lakeslde summary:
First, race, one mlltf— John Baker won Ma
rlon Lynch; second/: ;Gran-My-Chree third.
Time 1 .' l:aO 3-5. ' 1—%, •- .
Second race, foilf"-; furlongs — St«ia Windtr
won. Silver Fringe second; The Phantom third
Time, :522-5. .. >- c; •• • ' -
Third race, six furlongs — If You Dare won
Lady Curzon second, Jerry Hunt third. Time|
1:19 3-O. . ¦ -- ¦
Fourth race, six furlongs— Fake won, Burnle'
Bun ton second, Scorpio third. Time l-is
Fitth race, one mile and an eighth — Lavator
won, Dlgby Bell second. Ben chance third
Time, 2:03 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Thurles won Guy H
second. Tea Gown third. Time, 1:50 1-5.
Eastenf Racing Besults.
v . Olympic . Club Boxing 1 .
- De rwiti Van, Court,;. boxlnfj' Instructor
of the' .Olympic. Athletic. Club, announces
the matches which" will tie. decldetf at the
club on May 14. On.- this, occasion tha
Burlingame Country' Club members will
be -the /only guests present.: .The- boxers
are:-.,. :i" . - : .' '• .. ' , x -
M. Frayne (O. C). and G. Ansett.. at 12S^
pounds; J. .Collins (O. .C.y and R. Stone, at 133
potfnds; P.Martln (Un.)'and J.'Krellng, at 125
jwunds; J.-Lundie fO. C.) and J. Anjreli,.at- ISO
pounds: J. McCarthy (O. C.) and D. Barry, at
140 pounds; J. Pallos (O. C.) and Al Toung. at
145 pounds; Sam Berger (O. C.) and Andy Gal*
lagher, heavy-weights.
Park summary:
' First race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Julia Junkins won, Carrie I second, Sister
Sarah third. TIme.-l:O8}4. ¦•.•¦¦ • ~,
Second race, four furlongs — Dolly Green won.
Lorlna second. King's Lady third.- Time, :49 : Ji.
Third race, one mile, Duncan Hotel Handicap
— Brulare won. Crimean second, Dubois third.
Time. 1:47%.
Fourth race, four and a half furloags, Avon
dale stakes — Oleflant won. Von Rouse second,
Mallory third. Time, :55%.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling: — Algts
M won. Menace second. San Andreas ' third.
Time, 1:55%. - -
Sixth- race,' five and a. half furlon«»— Erem*
-won, Hi.KolIar second, Echodale third. Tlraa.
::i:0§. v ,;,. , ¦-....-¦.- ¦ -.. ¦ -- '.- •;¦;
The greyhounds entered" in the show
will compete tin two special stakes to
which they alone are- eligible next week
at Union Coursing Parku
J. D. Spreckels Jr.'s prize- winning bull
terrier Champion Banjo, and a Great.
Dane had a.mi^-up during.-the morning,
which for. a time looked seriousj It re
quired'the efforts-of three attendants to
separate them. ,- Each will wear scars of,
the battle for a time.
. The prize posters;- tfte work . of various
•artists, were then- auqtipnedA off. They
were all sold. ;thei officers' aria! .members
of the ¦ kennel .-'club.,-' being -the heaviest
buyers, v^"-'- "V' : " '¦'" * ":' . '• '"
The show,, which g,a,ve-prpmiso of being
the most successf ul sever- «held, on this
.'coast, was a financial- failure. T^his was
idue entirely to ':the:'st'rike' on the street
railways.- j This ;, ; vwas -:-som'e>thinfr- which
could 'not be/ fore'seen." 7 .SIabager Klein
' and ; his .^associates, ;wh6^worked /so hard
>to j rhakfr-; the-; affair/ a' • s'liccesfs, were un
¦ fortunate" in " the - shdw and tlie strike tak
ing plade at the same time.
:} Prize-winning dogs of a wide variety of
types' paraded' in; the trtn'g fof the San
Francisco Kennel Club last night at Me
¦chanics' Pavilion. 1 '; ¦,,'- y • •
f .The,, occasion, was Vthe; presentation of
the valuable silver trophies awarded the
•best dogs in the different : classes. The
presentations were • graciously made by
.Mrs.. George. MacEwen Malcolm -on behalf
of the kennel club. As the proud owners
of winners stepped forward they were ap
plauded by theiBpectator^ Vwho crowded
about the ring. ';, ,* r " . ¦ •
• There was a -continuous -procession of
¦men and women, boys and girls for more
than an hour before the supply of prizes
had been exhausted. • ' ...„ . '
;:. ..Into Failure.
Tie-Up 1 pf Street Railways
f. Turns Assured Success
Dog Show Closes With
the Distribution of
Trophies.
San Francisco — , ' Oakland— " ,*• -.
•• -Up. : •¦"• : -" H - " Up.
John Lawson •jE.R.Fcdger.. ...... • ;
B. D. Adamson 1 R. M. FUzgarald.... 0
J. W. Byrne :. O'F. S. Stratton..^.... 4
H. C. OoIcher...i...'0|J. A.^Folgei- 8
S. L. ABboc Jr. . . . . . 2 A. GoodaU:. ........ O
Hs -M.-Hoyt.-.- II H. Ames.,.,.;;... O
; Q. B. .Cooksey f « H. K. Belden.. 0
X, G. McConkey 10|J. O. Cadman 0
".. ' -. > •¦ ¦ ? ¦ —[. . ¦ -..-.-¦. %- _
•Total .\., ....... ..201 Total ........ if... .13
•Tied. ..* .". . .-.¦..]""--¦ " r
The course at Burlingame was in ex
cellent % conditfo"n.' being well "c(iyered % with
gdpd "grass. v The sand "green^' % wera
smooth and" 1 even. -....-•' ; * ¦ ?; - * ' ' ~'j- r ' ¦
INTER-CLUB GOLF TOURNAMENT.
The San Francisco team won, 8 up. Tha
match was over thirty-six holes, ¦ eighteen
•of which- were played in the morning and,
the remaining eighteen in .the afterpoon.
One couple, S. L. Abbot Jr. and Arthur
.Goodall,. played . only three rounds, or
twenty-seven holes, as the latter did not
arrive In time to play the full four rounds.
The highest gain for the winners wo^
made by Dr. T. G. McConkey, who beat
J.O. Cadman of the Oakland team 10 up.
This gain, however, was nearly offset' by
J. A. Folger;s victory of 8 up over'fi. C.
Golcher. *Johiv Lawson and E. R. FoTger
played a' close and interesting match,
ending -all square. The Oakland team was
considerably' weakened by the absence of
W.- P." Johnson, who would haVe played
number 'one, and C. P. Hubbard. A3
a result of yesterday's play "the silver
trophy becomes the permanent property
j*of the' San Francisco Golf Club. " ; The full
details are shown in the table; '" ¦; ;
The ,tie. resultins. from the two home
and-homo golf matches played during tha
present . season between . teams represent
ing the San Francisco and the Oakland
Golf, clubs was played off yesterday on
the links of the Burlingame Country Club.
Lawson and Folger Play
Hard Match, Ending All
.. . Square,
Oakland Eight, Weak
ened by 1L1033 pf^'wo
Men, Is Beaten.
PRIZE WINNERS
ARE ON PARADE
PRESIDIO GOLF
TEAM WINS TIE
¦'OFFICE^OF'SAN 'FRANCISCO
I -TYACkT-'cLUB WELL-KNOWN |
¦ ¦^YACHTING;" MEN. '• •
Ewjia* Buffalo to "New York.
.The Ehortest, .and now- th« most ; elegantly
Quipped, , llr i 'Is the r Lacka'wanna Railroad,
which traverses the most beautiful scenery ths
AHeRheny Mountains afford. Through , trains
ere operated via this line from Chicago. Kan
sas Oty and St. Louis to New. York.-. It, will
be to the interest of passengers' to- Inquire of
local railroad agents or write Geo. A. Cullen
General Western -Passenger Agent. 103 Adams
etreet, Chicago. t*X$E'$SJ*U3fBiir<at&ri - ..¦•• • ¦'
NEW YORK, April 2G.-TJie legal war
between Andrew. Freedman and Albert G.
Spalding for. control of the National
League of Baseball Clubs was to
an end to-day. ¦ By consent lof all the
parties ..Justice. Giegerich in r the Supreme
Court made an order., permitting the dis
continuance of the suit for an Injunction
brought by- Freedman' against Spalding
-and lils ad.heren.ts.>:- .-'-.. v • .
National League Strife Ends.
k- ..;.¦/;;; -v.-,.; >::.•..;..¦ > .,;,•;; ;>.. r. ;. .h. .. e;
;;v/nshinston' .. '.'. .\'. ....'....'.. ... . .15 14 ,; 0
Boston . . •.;•.% ... . . , : . . /.' . . . ;. . . . . 7 : 12 •;- 3
¦ . ,'• Batteries^ —^Lee and ' ' Drill; 'I Dlrieen, • Deingcr
and Criger.r -¦¦""• • - ¦ , .
.' •' CHICAGO, 'April 26.— Chicago-Detroit'; game
WASHINGTON. I April'; 26.— To-day's ¦"¦ game
between* Washington ¦¦' and 'Boston \ was- a 1 slug:-
Klfts r match, I Jn' " Washington did the ; fcet
rterrWork.-,-.>Attendahce. 3500. c Score* su- <••••• -'
¦ • .V' ./• V". ;. :,:;".. •..;,'. .. ft- H., ; E.
Baltimore ........;•....,.'. ; 6 ; 10, 1
Philadelphia :.'. .". ..'. I : V. ; . :T. .'.'."V 2 ; ""A-4* ¦' 3
; ; Batterife-^Hdweil ' arid Robinson; 1 Duggleby
•ojifl Steelman. ¦ -,- ,.; /*- : :- _¦¦¦ .-. ..^';.*'-'
( \ ST. LOUIS', ¦Aprii"26.r- One hit of, the scratch
variety, was all St. Louis could make off y Joss,"
who pitched his first game for ( Cleveland ; to
day.;". The 1 St. 'Louis team was : shut out. / but
• SudhbfC's effectiveness prevented a large score.
Attendance*, ¦ 3500: Score: . -,.-¦-;''
. i •:. ..- . '. • . .' . ,- ; . R. H. :e.
St.-Louls .:. 0 1 -3
Cleveland -.........;:"..- .::.Y.;3 : 8 ' 1
" ¦ Batteries— Sudhoft and Donahue;. Joss and
;. .•.¦..,•-.'..-'•. '•:•;, • ,
; V BALTIMORE. .'April : 26.— The ¦ home '. . team
"won , to-day \by sharp I playing, : Howell | doing
'the best -work. A heavy wind made it unpleas
¦anf^or both: players "and spectators. Attend
ance, r3900.< V Score :•.'•••• '¦•¦. • : ¦••»¦' •¦ ; . , : .' « . . . '
AMERICAN, LEAGUE.
Track Notes.
Charles Clark, the young Montana mil
lionaire, presented Mrs. Judge 'Yule, pres
ident of the Fabiola Association, with a
check for $50 to be applied to the hospital
fund.. ¦¦' •' ' '
C. H. Pettengill", presiding steward ,of
the New California Jockey Club, leaves
for New York 'to-night. Mr. Pettengill
has a host of friends among turfmen, who
hope to see him here again next season.
"Longshot". Conley.-.was- suspended for
the balance of the season by the judges
for rough riding on Auriffera, winner of
the opening' event. ' /
Pripr did some clever saddle work yes
terday. He rode the winners Doublet and
Antolee • and twice finished on place
horses. Tom Slavin, which ran second In
the first race with the rider mentioned up
was 80 and 100 to'l In the ring.
The horses owned by "Frisco" LJnd and
Danny Lynch leaves;for Chicago to-day.
•" Runs : responsitle'for— Jonei»;3.. ! Three-li^se
htte — Bone,' Toman; : Two-baaa.. hi ts^r Toman,:
Waddell. - Sacrifice hits — Bone, • ' Law}er,'. Brl-'.
; Totals ....... ...34 C 10 2T 10 2-
RUNS AND HITS BY. INNINGS. .. : :
Los Angeles......'...'.... 000 0>0 ; 0"0 0 0— 0*
• -Hits ...;o 1,1 l-.J-J lr.0 1— 7,
San Francisco.' ;..'. 3 0 0 3 0 0-0 0,6^-0'
Hits ......:..:.: :2.o o 3 1..0.2 2.0^10
;.-; ; ... summary.:'.'".. ¦. : : : -
. Totals ...........34 •".; 0/ •7; i l*<27<14^ Q.
"SAN FRANCISCO. : ¦-.'•- ;?*;'•¦¦' ! .*
':? AB.'Rl'Bll. SB. PO. A' E.
McHale, If.......... 4 O 0 ;O '.-*4'. O" 1.0
Bone. rf. ...... . . "3 • 1 2 ¦ O}. 1 : ,1 ? O
Lawler. cf 4 . 1- 2 0, . , l w : O 0
.Nordyke. lb;;'. . . : . . .'.5 1. ,; . Q H ". 0 \ JO .' J. 1 '
Holly, ss. .......... .4 0 ¦'. 1 0' i.9, 0^
'Shujtart,-' 3b...."....". 4 0 "2 ¦ 0 ;*2 "<••'!-•' 0-'
Leahy; ' c. : .'...'.-. :.' . . . 4 \. I;.-.- £r :0 Q >. ¦}£ V. 0
Brlseno, 2b.... ...... 2 1" O-'-Oj 2,; / 2, .1.
Mferedith, p 4 . 1 ,1;.. 0' <y: 3 .; oj
Meredith Keeps Hits "Well Scattered.
Atherton Jumps His Con-'
,, tract. '¦ ' Y..V. \:"'.', ; '. • •
LOS ANGELES, April 26.— San Francis
co won another from the Seraphs- to-day, '¦¦
shutting them put without a run. ,M/xe
dith kept the hits so well scattered : that
in no one inning were the locals able to
get more \ than one. Jones ¦ had .two bad
innings, but aside from these he pitched
good ball. Hanlon made his appearance
on. first base to-day, but was; injured in
the third inning and gave way to Wad
dell, who played a fine -game.- Atherton
has jumped his contract and gone tcr the
Buffalo team. Score:' ,.• j, '. »• ; '¦¦ :¦'/: !. . ' ¦;
LOS ANGKLBS. . -.
¦ ,AB..R. DH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, «s..... .4 0 2 0 2 -3 .0
Hannivan, It...'..... 4 0 'X) : 0 1 •' 0 0
Householder, cf ...... 4 0 ' 1 0 .2 ,- 0.0
Raymc-r, 2b...:.. .4. 0.0 O.3 4, 0
Reilly. 3b ...4.0-0 00 4 1
Waddell, 1 b & rf...' 3 0/- 2, O 10 0 \ 0
Anderson, c. .."..;..:. 3 O V 2 , ; O . 5 ¦ 2^. 1^
Hanlon, lb x ».. ....... 'l.-.0»- O.tO.- ;.» : 0; . 0
Slagle, rf... ....... ..3. 0). 0 0 o0,,0.:"0
Jonet', p... 4.0,, .ft. I;-,'! ;1^ 0
ANGELS FAIL TO SCORE,
Most of the educated money went In
on Artllla to take the Fabiola handicap
at one and a sixteenth miles, the conclud
ing number on the card. See waited per
haps a trifle too long with the brown
mare, besides making a^wide turn Into
the etretch, losing to Antolee at the wire
by a neck. The winner was . a , 10 to 1
chance in the rlnjr. .. :> v ¦ .:
from the start. Sea Queen made quite a
bluff, finishing second, while King Dellis
ran third. . .
FAB1OLA day at the track across
the bay was a success from every
standpoint. Many society notables
of Oakland viewed the sport from
the clubhouse lawn and verandas.
¦ and the grand stand and betting ring
were well filled with spectators and spec
ulators. The racing was far above the
average. The gate receipts went to swell
¦ the fund of , the Fabiola Hospital Asso
ciation.
,- Favorites were in fine fettle, capturing
four out of the six events.
» . Quite out of the ordinary, the race for
A3iamed horses, with gentlemen "riders up,
the mopt attention. The dis
:'x tance was one mile, and Duke of York.
I ridden by the veteran Mr. Skinner, was
'"played down to 9 to 10 favoritism. The
• confidence placed In the ability of this
.clever amateur horseman brought In prof
itable returns, for he soon had th.e Duke
in front and the . result was never in
doubt, winning almost eastly from Loyal
¦ S, piloted by Sir. Dieckman. Barnato,
-with Mr. .Bates in the saddle, was a fair
. third. The Gaffer, well handled by Mr.
, . J>edgrett. showed to advantage the first
•. j;art of the race, but failed to stay the
route. A handsome silver cup was pre
"etnted to the winner, Mr. Skinner.
"Lojigshoi" Coflley was in evidence in
the opening scramble, a field of thirteen
E facing tlie barrier. He had • the- mount on
I Auriffcra. a 10 to 1 shot, and leading from
• the start finished more, than a length In
..front of Tom Slavin, an 80 to.l shot.
Winnebejour' ran third. '"All of the short
- priced horses were away poorly.
;¦ Barney Schreiber's fiilly Sylvia Talb'pt
outclassed her -company in* the two-year-*;
:_old dash, and at odds of 2 to 5 won off by
herself. Clarlnette, with See on her back,
.secured the 'place from Horatius quite as'
"-Easily. '*;¦',- ' • ; -"* -
, Howson on JCarra G, favorite fcr the
« five and a half .-furlong run, -rode.a per
'". feet race, leading r out Rasp aneclc: The
• latter. horse made a pplehdid. ron'frorn'the 1
f far .rear.' Getting" away.'.from ]'tbe*.posf
• badly appears" "to be'a'tra'U'of his.- Silver
f-Fizz. also unfortunate at the barrier,, ran '.
iihird. • '.•' ?;.-?>> .... V
About the heaviest pfunge of the after
.'noon was that made on.- Doublet to .win '
.the seven furipng pnrse run. The books,
Iwere loaded up with coin on him at .odds'
.rvt 7 to 5. "Dell". Fountain's .sprinter'.
;«Sfcowed a clever pair of heels to his field
Brooklyn ;.. ...'..'......¦.......... 1 5 3
'New. York .........:......:.....' 4 : 6 2
i Batteries — kitson . ; and Ahern ; ¦ Sparks '"and
Bowerman. - Umpire — CVDay. " . " . .
•• ; CINCINNATI, 'April • jj 26. — The Cincinnati
-. team i ."won . to-day, through, hard 'and timely
hlttink, together with | a comedy v of errors . on
.the part of St, Louis.. The latter team could
do nothing with Heisman until the eighth In
ning. Attendance 1400: Score: ¦ . , \i\
Cincinnati . :............... .14 .17 1
St. Louis ..:...... 4 • 10 ' : . 10
BatterleB— Helaman „- and Bergen;'. Yerkes,
Adams, and. Nicholas. — Emslle.
NEWlYORK, . April 26. — The second, game
of the series between , the New Torks- and
Brboklyns was played' to-day . at. . the Polo
grounds and New York won by a 1 score of 4
to 1. . Attendance, \ 12.5Q0. ¦ Score: . ; ../
¦ -.7: ;- . .. ' ; -¦; - .,' '. ..R..'.H../' E.
-:.-¦¦•¦ ¦ ;¦ - .... :>:;-; ' ¦ r. ¦ h. .. ..k.:
Plttsburg 7 11 . 2
Chicago ......;.,........ 0 < 3 -• 5
'¦- Batterle's — Leever. and Zimmer; Rhodes' and
Kllng. -Umpire — Cantlllion; • ",' ¦ ' ' ¦':'¦:
PITTSBURG, April 26.— Chicago failed to get
a man beyond second base until the ninth in
ning. Leever had the visitors at his mercy
throughout.- white Rhodes gave nine Tilts In the
first two innings. Attendance. C075. Score:
Philadelphia; April ] 20.— Heavy hitting
by both clubs was the feature of to-day's game
between Boston and/ Philadelphia: : Iburg and
Pittlnger were forced by the' bombardment to
retire. Jackslltch was injured In sliding to
second base. Attendance, 4150. Score: . n
•. • . R. H. ' B.
•Boston ......;.....'....... ..13 21 . 2
Philadelphia........... ...9 13 .3
I Batteries— Plttinger, Mullarkey and Moran;
Iburg, Voorhepjj and pooln. . Umpire— Brown.
tween the Boston and Phila
; Vdelphia. 1 Teams .;..¦. y '[ )
NATIONAL LEAGuk.
Great Batting 'Marks tlie; Game be-
BOSTON'S HEAVY HITTERS
LAND ON PITCHEB IBTJBO:
'Pete tohfnan' had three chances to
score men with a hit "in yesterday's game,
but failed each time. • Once there "were
three on the sacks. Pete made a" double
¦cushion swing when it did nd good.. •
Unglaub's absence cripples the Senators
to a great extent. , The fans long to see
the graceful' one In action once more;'
Graham is hitting the -ball rhard. He
should be up higher.- on the batting list.
Los Angeles still leads, with Oakland a
clese; second.". ¦ '¦','.
' Rube Waddell has not jumped yet, and
the wise ones are beginning to wonder.
notes' of the game.
seno., First ''base ; oh errors— Lpa Angelea 2,
San Francisco 2. -First base on called balls —
Oft Jones 3, oft* Meredith. ' 3.'- ' Struck out — By
Jones '4, by Meredith HI ¦¦¦ Double -play — Jones to
Tonian. Time of game— 1:45. Umpire — Mc-
Donald- ,. . . - ' .. •"¦•'. , . •¦'•*
Two-base hit — Lohman. Sacrifice hits—-Gra
ham, . McCreedie. . First base- on . errors-^-Oak
land 4, Sacramento 1. First baBe on called
balls— Off Crtstall 3, off Htckey 2. Left on
base* — Oakland 9. Sacramento 3. Struck out —
By Hickey 3. Hit by pitcher — Devereaux,
Streib. Double play — Francks to Streib.'- ;•• Wild
pitches — Hickey. 2. Time of gajne— 1 hour and
45 -.minutes. Umpire — O'Connell. Official
scorer — Harry Cashman. '¦ - - :'.,.
Sacramento ...... 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 .0 • 0 — 0
Base hits ...... 0 0 1 O-.l'.O 2- 0 1 — 5
Oakland 0 O 0 00^0 0.3.x — 3
Base hits .0 0 1/2 0 1 0 1 x— 5
• N . -summary. .. ' .: .':; ..... •
Totals ;...28' 0 5 1 24 14 K
RUNS AND' HITS BY INNINGS.
• AB. R. BH. SB. : PO. A. E.
Sheehan. 3b.. 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Doyle, 2b 3 0 O . 0-, 1- .'• 6-' 1
Ea«ran, ss 4 0 10 0 1 I.
Rebeamen.- c. - f .' :. 4 0 '.'¦ 0 ' 0 0 ¦ 0.0
Birmingham, lb ,4 0 -0 -0 15 0 O
Frary, r. t 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Wagnef. 1. f •• 2 ° * °' * ° °
Graham, c....:.....2 . 0 '2 1 ¦ 3 . . 1 0
Hickey, p........... 2 0 0,0 0 5 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Walters, c. f..:..... 3 O- 0 0 -2 -1 0
Mohier, 2b ......4 0 0 0 .1 .5; 1
8tre:b, lb.. 3 1 0 1 - 12 T l ; 0:
McCreedie, r. f :3 1 2 1..3. *. 1. 0
Devereaux, 3b.'....;.- 3 1 0 0 1 -1 0.
Dunleavy, 1. I ..4 0 1 0 10 0
Francks. as...- 3 0 1 . 1 ..>4 , .8 0 :
Lohman, c 4 0 1. 1 < .1 '2. 0
Crlstall. p. .4 0 0 r 0 .2. 3-. Mi
Totals ....... '..v31 3- G'4 27 19' 2
SACRAMENTO".' - : '¦•;'. '¦'
All Oakland's tallies were accumulated,
Iti the last half of the eighth. Hickey got
absent-minded and took Julie Streib ' for
a bullseye. and placed one against Julie's;
solar plexus. Big McCreedie laid down a
nice bunt, but Hickey threw past Bir
mingham and Streib scored, McCreedie
tearing around to third, and immediately
landing while Hickey did a little wild
pitch stunt. Brick Devereaux mad^ first.,
on Eagan's fancy juggling,' arid alighted
on third when Hickey pitched .wild for the
second time. He crossed the pan soon '
after on Francks' scratch hit to Sheehan.
Little Mohler's playing at' second was.,
the feature of the game. -He worked in
whirlwind style and robbed Fisher's' men
of at least three hits. The last stop ' he
made was the most sensational seen this
season, or probably any other season. r
McCreedie i bunted in a pretty manner
and Francks played a brilliant- game]- at
short. The wind carried the ball in-sev
eral directions at once, and therefore, the
work of the fielders was anything but.
easy. The score: ' - . v ",-.'. ' '-'
ably effective and controlled the ball in
clever style for southpaws. Each side
made five lonely, scattering safe swats,
only one figuring' In the score, and that
was a scratch which would sometimes
pass as an error.
30
T^E SAN/ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902.
-..-. The skin is provided with- millions of little pores' >v^^
and - glands invisible to tHe natural eye,, yet tnrougli (j/wbS^ "^^'^Ws^!'
"these tiny outlets the larger part of the deadly matter ¦¦•¦ f I] r^Ss^B)))}^''* '''^"^^UmvS'
that daily collects in the body is carried off. v '\ But .nature
.neyer^intended.. that^poisons of an irritating or. acid • "^ * ..'.
character should "be eliminated througn the skin,* the I^iver and Kidneys being their-natTtral
outlets, and it is when these important organs fail toperforin: their Vf unctions that these acid
"poisons are absorbed into tlie bloodv and find their way to the surface of the b6dy through the
pores and glands of the skin, producing intense itching and hurriing, inflammatioii and
swelling, and-eruptions of every conceivable size, shape and character.
. Skin Diseases differ greatly in their general characteristics and degrees of intensity.
Red and angry looking spots break out upon some part of the body with a mass of smali
pustules or blisters, from, which is discharged a clear or straw colored fluid, which dries and
flakes off in .bran-like particles and scales, or forms into hard and painfuKsores and scabs.
The skin often hardens and , dries, cracks and bleeds from the effects r 6£ the fiery acids,
which the blood, is continually >^ - '".H'l -¦' ''.'". ¦-- '.- •'•-- '-XSi^ '
throwing off. Pimjples, black- ' * Onaiawa, lewa, April 10,^1901.
. head^ ana blotches are evidences In 1883 I. broke out with Eczema on ny he*«f," legs aad^arms: 'Tfca
of a too acid blood, which has Doctor* treated me for abbut two years wtthoiit fl ivln» relief. I next
:«fl OWtt j „„ j >t,_ _^ • „ tried varloos ointments, soaps and washes, but these did me nV goad.
inflamed and .clogged the wwm.- - , flnaIIy quit: taking medicine, as the physician said the disease hid
Skin Diseases bemjj depend- become chronlo and Incurable. Having endured this tormenting malady
ent upon the same causes require for about 16 years, I determined^ to make another effort to get rid of It
tHe same treatment, which must and, began S. 8. S. in July, 1900, and continued It until [.November, wbea
-be constitutional and not external. • ' i° y \ ""* B °l a fjf^ b^ <0TOd M
¦MVvt--u;.«~ a^-^mLa 1^«o11v^^ *•«. +!,» my body, which before had been almost covered with the eruption. .
« has now been nearly a year since the disease disappeared, but Hot
inflamed surface, can Dnng mucix a sign of it Has ever returned, and I am satisfied the enra IsVperatneat
¦•¦'¦^Kef;-.'THe disfiguring .eruptions,- ,. ¦ - \ V F.C. NORFOLK, ioiZHackkerry; Street
"> will continue to anncy and pain .. 'tys^&'&z-'. 7 v -V ' ; ¦- '._.."•. .-¦ -.¦;•_ £- :
you^ in spite of. soaps, 1 washes or /powders. ¦ There is no hope df getting rid of a skin 'disease
;^ except through the purification f the depreciated blbdil "and neutralizing and-jfiltering, out of
the circulation all poisonous subst ances; and acids. - - 7Q;7 - i ¦Av^|Jl ! v^$jF^
v 7 The pun soon manifest their, finflu^nce^m skin
. affections ; the ! debilitated /system is invigorated and" toned up, r and the gra^T^^sappearance
"of the eruptions show the polluted blood is being brought. 1 back tqits"; natural parity and
: strength. ; Old chronic -skin disorders, which -have, resisted- -all -the'^^ ordinary methods of
!^" * : -' r - ¦' • ¦' '* ''-' * 77 ¦• 7 : 7 treatment, -readily yield^to the^enrative
SA \ T RJ"1 ("'HIM''"' F'P7 : FRfl "A' : P 0^ 61^ °^ S. S.S.,'and there is\no.feason
It\\Lm B v' il 1 B SL U i¥B y BnU(L _bBvln 7 7\ : '.why- the ; 'lon^-time7sTifferer'."siotild;fe^[
; "f! 1 C "f" "B" I™ ri ''¦'' iki F T *"¦*" k IT" SrV iSl f* ¦¦'¦¦'' 116^ to his fate under> the -mistaken
it I I t O "'Nt' 1 ' 1 1 SoEi • KmS H - ideathat someiskin 'diseases are'"incnra-
¦^'^^'¦•-'^•'¦¦¦¦:. ''--I::, ¦:] -, •_.:¦; .: ; • . \T'.;lr, 7 ¦; > ..";.' ; :;"ble,,lforS^ S. S. has cured and- ik still
POmJ Fl'liriOl W ? 7^U I^Ei ? '• DUS LO.7 .thanyburs'. S. S. S. is a piirely- vegetable
:. ' ,,v ; - ': v 77:' "7v; ;:;7 V I-,' v 7 - >v 7 7v 'remedy, containing, no Potash,'. Arsenic
thevpoi }.it
: . Oar Medical:Departm^ ;.
from blood and .skin troubles, f Write us.f ully ¦ about your' case j and our physicians will help
you; for which- no": charge .'whatever - is made. \ : Our ¦illustrated^ Book bn^Skin- Diseases will be
.sent free to all who write for it. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC^ COMPANY. ATl!ANTA>.Excursion : descriptive card of^Penryn
Orange Blossom Festival "at Southern Pa
cific Information Bureau. •
.SACRAMENTO, April '26.— Thomas
Rowe^aged 62- years, who. had been a
member '• of :the , Sacramento . Fire . Depart
ment for. a quarter i of a century,
found I dead 'in bedj this ¦ morning. "„¦ He . re
tired; in :good'- health, last night.'- i Heart;
disease Is supposed to have been the cause
of death. . .
.'-... Thomas Howe.
Military, Are Reported. to Have*! Die
- persed the Mobs After Great ,
Bloodshed.
VIENNA, April 26.-A dispatch to ths
Allgemeino Zeitung from . St. Petersburg^
published to-day, announces that six riots
of strikers have taken place at Moscow
, and that • the military dispersed the riot
ers with much bloodshed. One "report
says . that fifty , persons were killed or
wounded.. ..
Revolts of peasantry in the provinces of
Southern ' Russia, the dispatch adda, are
causing a more critical situation, particu
larly. . at Kleff ; and . Poltava, - where the.
troops .were required to suppressthe out
break. v
MANY PERSONS KILLED
IN RIOTS AT MOSCOW
."- "Open ¦ house". : will " rule at ,.< Elks' =: Hall
during .the - Fiesta. -, Every member ' of the
local 5 - lodge Ms expected ; to be on hand > to
assist ;in the entertainment of the visi
tors, . and } Elks < from : every point ¦ in r the
country, are invited to partake of the" hos
pitality ; of "Old- 99" and mike the club
rooms their headquarters during Flestar
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— "We are all
ready for. the , big ! show," said . Secretary,
Zeehandelaar of , the Fiesta Committee to
day. "All arrangements have been-, per-
fected early, and nothing can prevent the
success' of: our -little 'floral', venture. Af
fairs promise- to go smoothly- and our
expectations are to be realized." ;. ,
It Is certain that people of the business
districts have proved their deep .Interest
in the affairs of Fiesta' week. v Money, has
been j contributed i liberally and much " as
sistance has been rendered the committee
from this * class. .. Just how much} other
citizens : appreciate v the occasion; will" be
shown In the grandstand receipts and In
.the -extent of private decorations. !, .
CITY OF ANGELS BEADY
TO GREET FIESTA GUESTS
NEW . YORK, April 26.— It was an
nounced ¦ to-day that all the ;Helnze cop
per properties in Montana have been taken
over, by the United Copper Company, and
that a syndicate, ¦ including > Hallgarten &
Co., bankers of this ,clty, had taken the
proposition in; hand: The statement also
was made that provision has been made
for • a" larger -capital and additional prop
erties will be acquired. The" capital con
sists . of ¦ $50,000,000. - of which' $5,000,000 is 6
per cent " preferred stock and the balance
in ' common ¦ shares."
The ; Heinze! properties embraced ' in - the
hew "deal < include the Montana f . Ore ' Pur
chasing Company* ; Nipper ..Consolidated
Copper, Company, the Cobra and ,Rock
Island" group, ,the Minnie Healey • mine/
the'Belmont and a; number of others.'. *-
Syndicate.
Be Handled by a Great
UNITED COPPER COMPANY
CONTROLS ALL CLAIMS
Heinze Properties in Montana Will
Army orders announce that. "Captain
Carl R. . Darnall, assistant surgeon, on
his arrival at San Francisco, .will pro
ceed to Plattsburg Barracks, N. Y. Lieu
tenant Colonel Charles L, Helzmann,
deputy surgeon general, on his arrival at
San Francisco ' will go to Chicago. Sec
ond Lieutenant Robert L. Weeks, Thir
teenth Infantry, is : ordered from Fort
Porter, N. Y., to San Francisco, for duty
pending the arrival there of his regiment.
Captain Harry Freeland, Third' Infan
try, now at San Francisco, Is ordered to
Hot Springs, Ark., for treatment.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 28,-The
Postofnc© Department to-day announced:
Postofflce discontinued : Oregon—Dun
canville. Grant County,. mail to Canyon
City. Postmasters commissioned—Cali
fornia: -David M. Morris, Modesto,
Washington: Fred W. Harper, Harper.
Orders Issued to Army
Officers.
Changes in the Postal Service and
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
KANSAS CITY, April 26.— In the Circuit
Court here to-day it was held that ' Dr.
Leon Rosenwald, aged 28, was not entitled
to the estate of his late partner, Dr.
Charles W. Adams.:: valued at between
$60,000 and $75,000. Adams was an eccen
tric old physician.- When he ' died, aged
65, he left no will or no known heirs. Dr.
Rosenwald brought suit to secure the en
tire estate, contending that Dr. . Adams
had verbally promised him that if; the
(Rosenwald) would become his^ partner
and care for him -in time of sickness ho
should have all his property at his death.
"A half-brother and a half-sister of Dr.
Adams, whose . real name was . Charles
Weisner,' were finally found in California,
and they laid claim . to the estate.. - Al
though to-day's decision does not v estab
llsh the right of the California heirs,' it
brings them' many, steps nearer to the
possession of the estate.
YOUNG DOCTOR FAILS
' TO GET PARTNER'S MONEY
"Will the beet sugar Interests of the
WeBt be looked after at all?"
"The 'amendment as passed by ,the
House will not be repeated by the Senate.
That does not . mean, however, that the
beet sugar Interests will not be cared
for.".
"Will the army reorganization bill be
disposed of at this session of Congress?"
"No; I can state positively that It will
not be acted upon at this session."
"Is that because the discussion is to be
cut short?"
"No. Congress will not adjourn until
the last of June. I do not wish to say
why the bill will not be taken up."
some 'form will be granted to Cuba," w ; as
the statement made to-day by Senator
Allison, who stopped In Chicago a few
hours and left the city to-night for Wash
ington. He was In doubt as to the exact
form which legislation for the island
would finally assume. Senator Allison
said:
"Some form .' of reciprocity will un
doubtedly be granted to the island at this
session of Congress, but what that form
will b© no man knows at this juncture.. I
should not care to forecast."
"Do. you think it will take the recent
form of the House amendment?" was
askedl:-~.r; '." ;> *
Senator Allison Speaks of the Action
Congress Is Likely to
Take. y f-._l'-rX : Ji^:<
CHICAGO. April 26.— "Reciprocity in
CUBA WILL BE GIVEN
A FORM OF RECIPROCITY
. Three hours later her. body was found
on the Ice of a little lake fully 400 yards
from the house. The. body, was still slight
ly warm, but efforts- at . resuscitation
failed.
Mrs.. Kraus was 45 years old. Nome ad
vices do not contain her husband's given
name or place of former residence.
- The stovepipe leading from the roof
had been somewhat shaky and Mrs. Kraus
stepped out of doors to see if it was like
ly to go down before the blast. She was
missed from the house shortly afterward
and a search was.begiin.
• Hundred Yards From Her
Dwelling. .
' SEATTLE, April 26.— A woman whose
name Is given as Mrs. Kraus, was blown
away in one of the January blizzards in
the region of Nome, and three hours la
ter her mangled and frozen body : was
found several hundred yards, from her
house. Mrs. ¦ Kraus lived with her hus
band, a miner, at Kougarlk City. On the
16th of January she was stopping- at-Val
lentine & Mallaby's "roadhouse. when a
terrible wind storm came on.
BLOWN FROM HER" YARD
BY A NOME BLIZZARD
Woman's Frozen Body Is Found Tour
Diet in the Emergency Hospital.
A man whose name is supposed to be
J. W. Power was taken to the Emergency
Hospital from 23% Third street yesterday
morning and died soon afterward. From
papers found on his person it Is svpposed
he lived at 160 Golden Gate avenue.
Death may have been from natural
causes, as no trace of violence was dis
covered.
Leather-Workers' Picnic.
The Leather Worker* will hold their
second «Tiwvyi picnic to-day at Scheutzen
Park. There will be racing, games and
Candsg and all who attend are promised
a delightful outing. Boats leave for the
park at 10 and 11:30 a. m. and 1:30 p. m.
which ' supplied - the hostesses yesterday.
Those who received were: Miss Eleanor
Davenport, Mrs. Gerstle, Miss Wellen
dorf, Mrs. Franklin K. Lane, Miss Sin
shimer and Miss Daisy Polk.
* * ' •
Two of the most important society
events of this week .were* the receptions
given on Wednesday and Saturday by
Mr.', and Mrs. A. Lissak to Captain and
Mrs. Osmond Lissak. Captain Lissak is in
the Ordnance Department, U. S.A. He was
noted during the last war as chief of that
department in Cuba. He Is now stationed
at Frankfort Arsenal. He was married on
the 3d inst. to Miss Alie Warrington Har
tel, one of the prominent belles of that
city. They are spending their honeymoon
on this coast, visiting relatives.
Tho long parlors were made veritable
fairy bowers by beautiful flowers* all sent
by loving friends. '¦¦'"<'.
The captain will remain In California
about three weeks.
The benefit entertainment for the Pa
cific Coast Women's Press Association to
morrow, afternoon at Century Hall, 1512
Sutter street, promises to be a. great suc
cess. It is to be a vaudeville afternoon. The
programme has been arranged by Miss
Jenne Long and the test talent secured.
Mme. Guido Spitzy, who has but recently
returned from Egypt, has been asked to
sing. She spent many . months in Slam
and sans before the King", who was quite
charmed with her volefe. The madams
is also blessed with a facile pen, which
she puts to excellent use by writing
meritorious stories. Another feature of
the entertainment will be two sketches
•written by Miss Ruth Mitchell, a San
Francisco girl. One, "Single Gentlemen
Preferred," deals with two modern
bachelor, girls in New York. This will be
rendered by Miss Jenne Long and Miss
Sobey, while "The Celestial Birthday"
will be given by Misses Marion and Isa
bella 1 Warnock. Master Jamie Vinnard
will do "cakewalk'.' specialties. ¦
VThe Pope cables . his deep sympathy* on
learning. the sad news of the Archbishop's
serious condition,' and from the bottom of
his heart ; expresses i his . special aspostolic
blessing on the Archbishop." ,-'<
Special, prayers* will be asked of the
congregations in all churches of the dio
cese of New , York for. .tne . recovery of
,the : Archbishop at all masses. to-morrow
morning.
..Dr. Delafield, after the issuance of the
bulletin, said: "Everything points to the
Archbishop's recovery, although the crisis
will not be passed until Monday. We
have little fear of him now, but every
thing is being . done to carry him over
Sunday, which undoubtedly will be the
most severe day." To-day the Pope sent
a cablegram in Italian, which is trans
lated ' as follows:
"FRANCIS DELAFIELD, M.D."
"EDWARD L. KEYES, M.D.,
. "His Grace continues to maintain his'
improvement. Every condition Is satis
factory.
NEW YORK. April 26.— Archbishop Cor
rigan, who is ill with pneumonia, contin
ues to Improve. A bulletin issued at 10:15
o'clock to-nigbt says: •
pathy to the Stricken
Prelate.
Pope Leo Sends a Message of Sym-
NEW YORK'S ARCHBISHOP
. ; ; ; CONTINUES TO IMPROVE
The .reception given by the Spinners at
their clubhouse, 120 Leroy place, i yester
day afternoon, was the most charming
affair they have yet given. Many callers
were delightfully entertained between the*
hours of 3 and 6. The decorations were
especially artistic. There was a profu
sion of flowers, effectively arranged with
foliage, while the walls of the clubrooms,
graced with work from the pens of the
clever members, were also interesting.
It was the musical section of the club
••: were present, Including army
and navy officers •. and students from
the universities. The young ladies rep
resented the most exclusive families In
the city and were charming in their daint
iest frocks. The decorations were beau
tiful and artistic. The ballroom was done
in ferns, banks of red roses and Japanese
lanterns. Another room was decorated in
Stanford colors and another in the Berke-'
ley : blue and gold. The music was excel
lent and tho refreshments tempting. The
evening was, most happily spent.
/ senior, class dance at. Miss
' II West's school, 3014 Van Ness.ave
, I nue, last evening, was a delightful
il affair. Seventy-five young people
TALENTED RINGER "AND TWO YOUNG GIRLS WHO WILL TAKE PART
IN THE PACIFIC COAST WOMEN'S PRESS ASSOCIATION VAUDE
VILLE ENTERTAINMENT TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
stitutional. The motion will be axgrued by
Mains on Monday. In the last paragraph
of the paper Mains remarks that, he is
tired of lying In Jail while First Assist
ant United States Attorney Banning is
looking up the law and he asks the court
to allow him to prepare an indictment
Rgrainst himself in order to expedite mat
ters.
Charles R. Mains was brought yester
day before United States District Judge
d«> Haven for arraignment on the indict
ment charging him with having used the
TTiiited States postofflce in furtherance of
a scheme to defraud Dr. Charles Bennett
of Wasscn, Ohio, out of $3000 in considera
tion of appointing Bennett president of a
four billion-dollar syndicate. Mains filed
a paper alleging that the Federal statute
under which he was indicted was uncon-
He Moves to Abolish a Federal Stat-
ute Because He's Tired of
SHARPER MAINS GETS
A LITTLE SARCASTIC
A few days ago the Rock Island officials
went over the. Midland road in ( a private
car... In the party, were a number of en
gineers, who stopped off at several points
elong the line and made surveys. For
the past week large gangs have been en
gaged In relaying portions of. the track
with heavy steel, while others have been
doing extensive grading with a view of.
removing unnecessary curves and . steep
grades. In the Colorado Midland shops
to-nlgbt It is reported among- the : men
that th« capacity of the shops Is to be
doubled Immediately. It is also stated
that while all; the Eastern 'roads have
been giving' their through freight* busi
ness to the Rio Grande, the Rock 'Island
has lately been. giving all the business, to
the Midland.' r Ml'WMlH
DENVER, April 26.— A special to the
News from. Colorado Springs, Colo., says:
Rumors are current in this /city to-night
that on May 1 the Colorado Midland road
will pass into the control of the Rock
Island. ','¦'¦ .....'. , . '
Colorado Midland Will Pass Into New
Hands Within a Few .; :
Days.
HOCK ISLAND COMPANY
TO GAIN ANOTHER ROAD
The laborers who were robbed are all
employed on railroad work or were being
temporarily housed and transported in
the boxcars. From the frequency of sim
ilar crime recently the officers believe the
masked men -.were but two of a gang,
traveling from point to point, committing
crimes wherever small gangs of railroad
men are stationed.
In the second car were fifteen Italian,
laborers. Knocking on the door, one of
the men demanded admittance, and, when
his request was complied with, he leaped
Inside, closely (followed by his companion.
The alacrity mlth which the entrance was
effected astonished the labores and when
they realized what the black masks and
revolvers meant they were in no posi
tion to offer resistance. The men were
lined up on one side of the car and or
dered to place their hands above their
heads. While one of the robbers guarded
the victims, the other searched their
pockets and then their baggage, taking
money and Jewelry. Just how much was
obtained by the thieves It Is impossible to
say at this time.
The latest hold-up occurred at Corrine.
Utah. Two masked / men held up seven
teen laborers, robbing " them of their
money and valuables. The two men first
entered a box car in which were two la
borers, and thrusting the muzzles of re
volvers under their noses relieved them
of their money and what valuables they
possessed. Pocketing their plunder the
highwaymen proceeded to another car
and there committed as bold a crime as
has been recorded in this section in many
years.
WINNEMUCCA', Nev., April 26.— The
police along the line of the Southern Pa
cific through Utah and Nevada are look-
Ing for what they believe to be a gang
of criminals organized for the purpose of
robbing the men at present employed in
railroad construction. Recently several
crimes have been reported on. the desert
division, but a« yet no arrests have been
made. The robbers wear masks and use
weapons In enforcing their demands.
cific in Nevada and
Bold Crimea Along the Southern Pa-
MASKED BOBBERS BOUND
UP RAILWAY LABORERS
Since the infant prodigy was able to sit
alone his constant playthings have been
alphabetical blocks presented to him by
Baby Norman's powers of comprehen
sion and retention are marvelous in one
so young. Nothing, it seems, escapes his
notice. He is always asking the why and
wherefore of everything that comes
within the range of his senses. He- talked
a.nd spelled before he commenced to -walk,
which was when he reached his second
birthday. Little Norman has received no
special instructions in an educational
way. On the contrary, his parents have
sought to discourage the precocity of
their child, for fear that he might over
tax his mental faculties.
Weeden of S37 Cedar street, reads
the daily papers regularly, spells Instant
ly and generally correctly any phonetic
word that is put to him and remembers
vividly all that he sees and hears. He
assists his brother Frank, aged 8, in pre
paring his lessons in arithmetic, geog
raphy and spelling, but does not go to
school himself because he is too small.
« LAMEDA, April 26. — Although
t\ only 3 years old. Master Norman
fim\ Dexter Weeden. the pretty little
Ji jjL son of Captain and .Mrs. Frank
Mrs. Weeden attributes the remarkable
faculty her son has for spelling to the
fact that while the child was at sea his
chief amusement was playing with and
composing Words out of his A, B, C
blocks. When the Marion Chllcott ar
rived in San Francisco some months ago,
Captain Weeden with his family took a
cottage here. He left for New York a
few days ago to bring a new. steamer
around to this side of the continent.
Little Norman was born in a seaport
of France on board of the American ship
Marlon Chllcott, of which his father was
master. He rounded Cape Horn when 3
months old and has been in many of the
principal ports of the world. It was in
Adelaide, ' Australia, that Baby Norman
firBt stepped upon terra firma. He was
then nearly 3 years. old. When he was
taken back to the vessel he surprised all
those on board by spelling a long list of
names and- words that he had seen on
stores and walls. . . ' , -....¦'',
When asked to spell words like "longi
tudinal," "assassination" and others of
similar length, the tiny mental wonder
never hesitates, but spe'lls them quickly,
apparently by sound and unconsciously.
When he secures a paper Baby Norman
pores over it from the editorial to the lost
and found columns, pronouncing the most
difficult words with an ease that is
phenomenal. He Is an adept in arith
metic and the.feats he performs -with fig
ures evince no great effort on his part.
his grandma. With these he is inces
¦santly making combinations of words he
has seen. Given but a glance at the head
ings "in a paper. Baby Norman will In
variably, with his blocks, set them up
without an error. He has a hobby of ob
serving the names on delivery wagons,
store windows and billboard signs and
rarely makes a mistake in spelling them
entire, even though he has noticed them
' but once.
THREE-TEAR-OLD PRODIGY WHO
PERFORMS REMARKABLE MEN
TAL FEATS, AND HIS MOTHER.
It was said that much of the trouble
that culminated in the divorce of Trow
brldge and his first wife was due to his
lavish expenditure of money after Mrs.
Trowbridge received her share of the Del
£pi fortune. She had $300,000 or $400,000.
$nd the divorce decree recites that Trow
bridge had spent a large portion of the
community property. He pays no ali
mony.
Mr. Trowbridge's second marriage not
only is a eurprise. .but revives interest in
hif first matrimonial affair, which failed.
His Reno bride Is the daughter of a pio
neer miner of El Dorado and is very well
known in the mountain district. She went
to Sacramento In order to gain her own
living. How, when or where Mr. Trow
fcriflge and his bride became acquainted
has not been disclosed.
The former husband's home has been at
Mountain View for some time, -where be
has been studying medicine. Hia first
wife holds a degree as a doctor of medi
cine. She has never practiced.
After the death of Mr.*Delger the Trow
bridges built a beautiful home on Vernou
Heights and entertained. Then there was
Sl. hasty trip to Europe. Mrs. Trowbridge
and her son going first, followed later by
Mr. Trowbrldge. Husband and wife re
turned separately.
Gossip was busy with the Trowbridges,
end there came a separation. Then Mrs.
Trowbrldge secured her divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. '
1118 Broadway, April 26.
Henry O. Trowbrldge, a prominent drug- ¦
gist of Oakland and Sau Francisco aiui
former husband of Mrs. Lillian Trow- \
bridge, was married last Wednesday at !
Reno to Miss Georgia Shaw of El Dorado, ;
v ho for two years had been a sales- i
woman In Weinstock & Lubin's depart- •
merit store at Sacramento. :
The announcement of this second mat- !
rimonial venture of the former society J
leader of this city was a surprise. It
comes three months after Mr. Trow- I
bridge was divorced by his first wife in j
Bar- Francisco on th«i ground of desertion.
The first Mis. Trowbridgc was the daugh
ter of the late Frederick Delgcr, the mil
lionaire capitalist. Her marriage in 1883
was a sreat society affair. The groom ;
was then a mender of the firm of Kirk- j
land & Trowbridge, which subsequently |
sold to the Owl Drug Company, with !
which Mr. Trowbridge is still connected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
v 1118 Broadway, April 26.
, The Oakland Transit Consolidated Street
Car Company to-day announced a general
increase in wages of the men on its sys
tem from 21 cents an hour to 24 cents,
the increase to go into effect on May 1.
This action was voluntary on the part of
the- company. While 'no demands have
been made by the men upon tbe-eorpora
tion, it is ; practically :* certain that with
the success of the men in San Francisco
! similar demands would have been made
i upon the Oakland Transit in this city.
The Oakland Transit- took time by the
forelock, and rather than have any ue
mands or. strikes placed the ; scale of
wages higher than. has ever been paid in
Oakland, and at a -rate, that the Oakland
I company feels is as high as the more lim
ited travel In Oakland I will warrant. As
no demands h"ave been made by the men
and the rumors of demands are quite in
definite and not very certain, it is unlike
ly that there will be any trouble upon the
Oakland lines. The mien in Oakland have
none of the obnoxious rules to. combat
i that caused the original trouble between
Manager Vining and the men in San
Francisco. \ _^
The Amalgamated Association of Street
Railway. Employes, which Is conducting
(the strike in San, Francisco, does not ex
ist in Oakland, though the street car men
on this side of the bay are far better or
ganized than the men in San Francisco
ever "were. For six years, there has been
in Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley a
purely local organization, known as the
Carmen's Social and Benevolent Society,
and this, organization comprises .practi
cally every street car employe on this
side of the bay. It has maintained the
best of • relations between the men" and
the companies. The;' society has been
recognized by the Oakland Transit,
though the men on „¦ the .Telegraph and
San Pablo avenue systems never joined
until those lines fell into the hands of the
Oakland Transit.- The Transit Company
has always assisted the annual ball that
is given. by this organization, so that thft
position in Oakland is very different from
that in San Francisco."
The men say that,. they have, no com-^l
plaint unless it was that of wages, and the
Oakland Transit has forestalled any de
mands, in this line. -Had it not made
these concessions ' the company would
have been compelled to face them within
a very short time. * '. . ,
The Oakland Transit. also announces a
series of summer excursions to be given
the men to Hay wards Park,' at the end of
tho Haywards line. The dates will be an- I
nounced later. The company proposes to
furnish the cars,' music and entertain
ment for the men and their families.
The order announcing the Increase in
pay to tho men reads:
To Motormen and Conductors: One rear ago,
on the first of May, we considered that the
conditions warranted an Increase of wages and
accordingly the present rate was announced.
Since that date we j have been pleased to note
that you have been careful and diligent in the
discharge of your! duties, undisturbed by the
clamor of agitators or the strife of others.
Another. May first, is. now near,' and in appre-.
elation of the, loyal, faithful men who have
operated our cars skillfully and ¦ conscientious
ly, - we take pleasure In advising you, that on
and after May 1 all motormen and conductors
will be paid at the rate of 24 cents per hour.
Trusting and believing that each and all of
you will take a personal interest in the faith
ful discharge of his duties, to the end that it
may be a pleasant and prosperous year for us
all, and with cordial good wishes for your per
sonal ' success In your respective duties, wo re
main, very truly,
OAKLAND TRANSIT CONSOLIDATED,
W. F. KELLY. General Manager.
April, 26. 1002.
By order of the board of directors.
E. A. HERON. President
Wins Another Bride Three
Months After £ ormer
Wife's Divorce.
Corporation Forestalls Con
"templated Demands of •
Its Employes. .'
Makes Voluntary Raise
From 21 to 24 Gents
anvHbur.
H. O. Trcwbridge Takes
a Trip to Reno and
Is Married.
SOCIETY LEADER
WEDS SALES GIRL
OAKLAND TRANSIT
INCREASES WAGES
INFANT OF THREE YEARS
IS WONDER OF ALAMEDA
Norman Dexter Weedgn, Though Only a
Baby, Reads the Papers, Spells Instantly
and Aids Brother, Aged 8, /With Lessons
STUDENTS OF UNIVERSITY
AND ARMY MEN ATTEND
Dance— Spinners Hold a Reception-—Cap
tain Lissak of Frankfort Is Honored
¦ ¦ ... ' - • . ¦ ¦ . k i ¦ ,
¦ ¦-:,.- .... ..¦..¦• :. .. . -. - -. . .-....>.
Senior Glass of Miss West's School Gives
POWER TO PU NISH
VESTS IN JUDGES
Law Clothes Them With
Right to Enforce
Answers.
From County JaiL
Supreme Court Denies Dono
hue's Demand for Release
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 26.
In affirming the decision of Judge Hall
to-day in the case of Peter B. Donohue,
who was committed to jail for contempt
for refusing to answer questions during
the taking of hi3 deposition, the Supremo
Court decides a question that -has been
agitating the legal minds of the Stats
ever since the question of the jurisdiction
cf certain officers of the court was raised
when attempts were made to take the
deposition of G. B. Daniels In the Collins-
Enquirer suit.
The decision, in fact, has an important
meaning for the parties in the Enquirer
suit, for It means that they will have' to
inswer questions now whether they want
to or not, as it lies In the powers of Su
perior Judges, at least, to enforce at
.endance and answers to questions. Tho
Jccision of Chief Justice Beatty of the
Supreme Court says that Judges of the
superior Court exercise the same judicial
powers when taking depositions as they
io when sitting as courts of law. They
.^an subpena witnesses and enforce an
swers to questions under threat of impris
onment for contempt.
Whether the decision means that Court
.Commissioners are clothed with the same
judicial functions as Judges is left an
open question still, as that matter was
not touched upon. In the cases of no
taries public, however, the Supreme Court
has decided that they have merely min
isterial powers, and the decision may ap
ply to the jurisdiction of Court Commis
sioners. It was contended in the Colllns-
Ehquirer suit that the Court Commis
sioner has only ministerial powers.
Donohue's refusal to answer question*
yesterday in deposition before Judge Hall
was according to agreement to test th«
mooted question. Judge Hall sent him
co jail for contempt and his attorneys
went to th4 Supreme Court to get him
out on habeas corpus.
Justice Beatty was the only Justice sit
ting in the case, and he decided, after lis
tening to the arguments of Attorney Bos
ley for the plaintiff and Attorneys Creed
and "Webb for the defense, that Judges
of the Superior Courts have judicial pow
ers while taking a deposition. He then
denied the writ of habeas corpus, thereby
affirming the decision of Judge Hall.
Donohue was released from custody
aft«r spending the night in the County
jail upon promising Judge Hail that he
would answer questions when he appears
co make his deposition next Thursday.
licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, April 26.— Licenses to
marry were issued to-day to Allen J. »
Penfleld. aged 21 and past, and Lucy C.
Snow, IS and past, both of Alameda; Ole
A. Roen, 32, and Margaret Goore, 23, both
of, Oakland; Charles P. Shaw, 23, San
Francisco, and Louise Peachart, 27. Oak
land; Frederick E. "Winchester, over 21.
Oakland, and Adela. £.' Martinez, over 18.
Alameda; Bellsario E. Duckworth, 42, and
Amelia I. Fisher, 35, both of San Jose;
William A. Lyman, 26, and Fannie Wolff,
27, both of San Francisco; Alexander M.
Dravo, 28, San Francisco, and Mary A.
Cashlon, 25, Oakland; J. Russell Slade.
23, and Olive Valance, 19. both, of Oak
land; George Gothman. 24, and Dora
Baua. 22, both of San Francisco.
PAT/M-A IS WILLING
BUT FUNDS ABE ULCKH7O
Vast Sum of Money Dne the Cuban
Soldiers Startles the* Presi
dent.
HAVANA. April 26.— Generals Rabl.
Lora, Solsedo and Capote have tried to
obtain from President-elect Palma an as
surance that the Cuban army would b»
paid. Replying to the generals, Senor
Palma said he was disposed to pay the
army, but to do so more resources would
be needed than Cuba now has. He never
suspected, he said, that the list of those
to be paid contained 70,000 names, and the
estimate of the amount due the soldiers —
$80,000,000— frightened him.
"The payment of this enormous sum
would annihilate us. I would have to
lease Cuba to raise this amount," said he.
Senor Palma'a idea was to revise the
lists and to negotiate a loan of $10,0X1,000,
providing for the interest by a sinking
fund as outlined in the constitution. He
expressed regret at the fact that no pro
vision had been made . to pension ths
widows of war heroes, mentioning par
ticularly the widows of Generals Macao
and Marti. He proposed also to dp some
thing for those injured in the war.
Elaborate preparations are being mads
in Havana for the three days' festival at
tending the Inauguration of the new Cu
ban republic.
Confirmations by the Senate.
"WASHINGTON. April 26.— These con
firmations by the Senate are reported:
Montana, postmasters: O. H. Drake, Cho
teau; J. R. "White, Kallspell; also Rear
Admrial H. C. Taylor to be chief of th«
Bureau of Navigation, Navy Department,
and other minor naval and revenue cut
ter service promotions.
31
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 27^ 1902.
c
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHB.
S3 • ¦ • ... BapB»BMBBHamwM*M0MSMBL- . -.¦¦
B, v^j, itaJii * temporary, dangerous stimulant, g
H i^i^^^isir &ch at is produced by electric belts or g
O i^^^^r patent medicines, but a permanent a
2 /fyK^L-3*ii|J>» restoration to health and strength. a
B ;_ _. -d * D
B B Dr. Meyers & Co. are the only physician* on the Pacific Coast who B
'cure diseases and weakness: of men exclusively. Dr. Meyers & Co. con- ¦
1g 'duct the largest Medical Institute and have the most extensive practice *j
El in the. world. -" . g
B Almost every, man on the coast has heard of Dr. Meyers & Co. and S
B . what they have accomplished. ' They are the reliable, the oldest and most g
B successful specialists. They are almost daily consulted by other physi- q
Hj cians. Their knowledge and ability to master the diseases of men have p
H . •¦ ¦ given them pre-eminence in this field of medicine. . ¦
Si They avoid the yse of all mineral, poisonous or»dans;e«ros drasrs and. ¦ ¦,
g electric /belts. .. All .their remedies are carefully compounded from the ex- *jj
3 tract. of buds,, bark, berries, Rums, roots, leaves, plants, etc., in their ~
¦ .private laboratory, without ~ cost to their patients. §
B ; Their treatment gives vim. vigor and vitality to the weak, whether a
B ' old ot younjr, regardless of the cause of their trouble. a
3 NO MONEY REQUIRED IN ADVANCE. [
g As s gu*x*nt*e, DR. METCES & CO. will let their patients deposit ths B
m price of a cure In any bank In San Francisco, to be paid after, h* is entirely n
¦ well. If it Is not convenient to do this, paym«nts ra«y b« mada In monthly «
¦ Installments. It requires confidence backed by abilitr to make such an offer. ~
m No other doctors •will undertake a cure on these conditions. Could any on* JJ
S .make a, fairer proposition? «
™ If you cannot call, writ* for private b«ok. disxnosls sheet. fre« adrlo*. 31
g prices, and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. B
g DR. MEIERS & CO., 731 MS j
a HouCT-psJly.ft.*; Sundays,*, to U. . n
53 wtawBBB8BwBiBBHs8BsSBBs3BHBBlB^5s<BjBBjBJ| » 53
¦IIIIBIIIIHIIIIIIIIHIIUUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII '
B.KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
I White Canvas
j Oxfords.
1 1 May Day marks the beginning ef
I summer and from now on we can
I expect warm sunny days, and • to
(I be in the fashion we must wear
11 summer strles of clothing and
I footwear. White canvas oxfords
1 1 always feel comfortable and look
II right smart. They have a rich ap-
|| pearance and match any kind of
i I dress. This week a special— Ladies'
|| white canvas oxford ties, with coin
II toes and kid tips, hand-turned soles
j and French heels. PRICE RE-
B DUCED TO 95 CENTS. Sires 2%
n to t: widths AA to E.
1 LADIES' TAN OXFORDS.
R If you like tans, why not wear
B etylish ones? Here is an up-'.o-
jj date fashion. Ladles' tan vici kid
m oxford ties, with brown ribbed
3 cloth tops, coin toes and tips, kid
fj front stay and band, turned soles
B v and French heels. THE PRICE
II ONLY 51.95. Sizes 2\i to 7; widths
|] A to E-
\ COUNTRT ORDERS SOLICITED.
H New illustrated catalogue Just
[I out. Send for one.
I B. KATSGHINSKF,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO'
| IO THIRD STREET.
|j fan Francisco.
f^^^j^2HBBBaElHB^^HHH^BBBB^fl2fiSfl!| Century. Circle'of the Famobrosis Society
will have an : en tertainment and dance on
the night of 'the ,30th inst:'inUhe Social
Hall . of the Foresters' building. : An . in-
FAMOBBOSIS I SOCIETY.
rOib the evening of the 16th Inst. Olym
pus Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West, received and entertained its friends
in its hall on Devisadero street, which had
been prettily decorated after the manner
of a summer garden. Past President
THE NATIVE SONS.
,; • BOYAL ABCANITM:V / .-' ;^V
Alameda Council at its last held'rneetirig
received two applications ; and
two new members into the fold, the ,w6rk
of initiation being very a creditably ' reh-'
dered by the regent, W. K : Benedict; 1 and
his staff of officers. At the .next meeting
of this council, on the 5th. prox.V' ten can
didates will be initiated, Cat- which ; time
¦¦¦.-¦• ..¦••:•¦ :¦.:.' .... ¦
Grand Master Workman Freeman and
Grand Recorder Spencer 'will visit Lake
port on May 19, when there will be a pub
lic meeting In the interest of the order.
The Oakland lodges will hold a Joint
meeting on the 2Sth inst. for the purpose
¦ ¦¦*¦-/¦ >;->--•. . ., . - .- ...... ¦
Supreme Master Workman Harwlck and
Grand Master Freeman returned to this
city on the 22d Inst. after having made a r
tour of the State and on the 24th the su
preme master left for his home in Buf
falo, via Portland, where he was to deliver
an address. /
ANCIENT OBDEB OF. WOBKMEN.
v Cremleux! Lodge ' of the Independent
Order: of B'nai* B'rith has , appointed -a
committee to. arrange; for the outing to
and picnic at ¦ Fairfax, which the lodge
has decided to have on the '8th of* June'
The committee been instructed to
use, every, endeavor to make the affair a
most, pleasant one. : . ¦-",
CBEMIETTX . LODGE.
a .Washington Circle cf the Companions
cf the Forest initiated several candidates
last week. It will give an. entertainment
on the^l2th of May. on which occasion
Loyal Circle, with Tryphian Pritchard as
the mascot, will attend in a body.
Fidelity Circle had ¦ several initiations
at its last held meeting.
.^Irs., Miller, G.S. C. G., is visiting cir
cles in the northern part of the Stale.
Past Chief Companion Mrs. Clark visit
ed Piedmont Circle last week. .
A new circle, called Oregon Grape,. has
been instituted at Portland, Oregon.
;'.-» Last week California Circle had several
candidates for intlation. : .
COMPANIONS OF THE FOBEST.
Pathfinder Camp of- the Woodmen -of
the" World; was instituted on. the, night of
the i5th inst. at Excelsior Hall," 231 Paris
street, near . the .Five-Mile House, on,: the
Mission road, by Organizer A. J. "Weinert,
assisted ;by Neighbors : F. ' - J. • Fenning;
Merton C. Allen and P. H. Herzog of
Golden Gate Camp. There were twenty
four, names- to 'the petition • for a' charter
and there were fourteen of these present
to be initiated :into ; the. mysteries- of
woodcraft. •¦ Ther following^ named,- have
been:- chosen •:> as : officers: :H. ; Jackson,'
consul commander; Charles ; M.Luttinger,
advisor ¦; lieutenant; William C. Kelly,
banker; Joseph Herzog, clerkiiG.L. Dou
ga,-escort; Paul Edises, " ; watchman; J J.
Jenkins, : sentry ; C. Geyer, E. " Greu and
Dr. ;E.:N.' Torrello,^ trustees. The , hall
was - prettily .• decorated .with | flower? s of
;yarious ¦ hues : and calla ¦ lilies; contributed'
WOODMEN OF : THE; WOELD.
In the reports of .the jute mill output it
was shown that the plant would turn out
nearly 5,000,000 bags this season and that
the dally average was nearly 16,000. The
report further shows that there are about
2500 affidavits on file and that the entire
output for this year has been sold. The
shipment of bags will begin about May 15
i^and they^wlll go to all points of the State.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 26AAt
a meeting of the prison directors to-night
a communication was read from William
J. J. Cunningham of Biggs,- Cal.,' in which
the writer claimed that he had discovered
a plot whereby the State Prison was being
defranded of many jute bags, but 'the
writer would divulge nothing unless com
municated with further. No action was
taken. .
tors of Jute Hill Conspiracy
¦ - in San Quentin. .. .
SATS HE KNOWS. OF PLOT'/.
TO DEFBATJD THE STATS
Biggs Citizen Writes to Prison Direc-
, Twenty-five have already been
signed to the petition 'for a charter for a
new lodge, in. this city. - ' •-;
:,' Silver Spray Lodge has decided to have
a social in its hall on the night of the 29th
inst. , ¦' - ', •¦•¦'• ¦ ¦ ¦.¦':.-¦ . ¦ . ¦ ¦>
• Forget Me .Not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor, Ancient Order United Workmen,
has : organized : a drill team, with Mrs.
Currier as captain. . :
DEGrBEE OF HONOB.
Ernest Crook was arrested last night by
Police Officer Hurd and his name was
placed on the small book pending an in
vestigation of his record. He Is accused
of snatching a purse from Miss Matilda
Williams of 916^ Leavenworth street, as
she was returning- home about 1 o'clock
this morning. The alleged robbery oc
curred on O'Farrell street, near Hyde.
Crook ran into a near-by saloo'n and es
caped through a side door. He was fol
lowed by several citizens and turned over
to the officer. Miss Williams' purse con
taining $4 50 was found on him.
tercsting programme has been prepared
for the occasion.
Purse Snatcber Is Caught.
SONS. OF BENJAMIN".
The following named ' have been elected
from the local lodges of the 'Independent
Order of the Sons of Benjamin to the
United States Grand Lodge.- . From . Cali
fornia Lodge— A. Lesser,- LT C. *Levey and
H. L. Springer; S: Stemberg, 1 *B. Wach
older. and A. SidlowakI, 1 alternates. Pa
cific Lodge— Jacob Label, S.Berel and H
Stein; J. Gibbs, H.. Bernard and Dr. A.
F.Adler, alternates. ;Golden Gate Lodge
— A. -Hochwald and A.'S. Fass; E. Gordon
and. J. Jacobs, alternates:
: ' California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty had. notwithstanding the car
strike on the 19th inst., "a good attend
ance, but not so large as it would have
; been had there ¦ been conveyances' to take
people to and from -Native Sons' Hall.
Still the programme was a. pleasing one
and very entertainihg. .Miss Sproul,. th/j
president of the council, made a- very
pleasant opening address, in which she
told in comprehensive language the alms
!and work of the order of the. Daughters
of Liberty. The following was the pro
gramme: Overture, orchestra; - opening
address,- Councilor - Miss Minnie' -Sproul;
solo,- Miss Campe; • specialties, Miss Hazel
Aubry; mandolin solo, Mr. Walter Riffee,
accompanist Miss L. .Phillips;: cakewalk,
TheStewarts; "Poor Perkins," a farce In
cone act. Dancing followed until midnight.
:M}ss,Ruby J. ¦ Hamberger, who. took one
of the parts in the farce, created quite
'a hit.. ' ¦ . : .-••....-
DAUGHTEBS OF LIBEBTY.
Meade Relief Corps No. 61, on the night
of the 15th inst., had a most - pleasant
social evening in the red room of the
Pioneer building. There was an attend
ance that 'filled the room to its limit and
all .who- composed the audience were wel
comed with that fraternal greeting for
which this very hospitable organization
is noted. A well arranged programme of
varied numbers entertained the guests of
the corps. \
MEADE BELIEF COBPS.
Grand Matron Mrs. Clara A. Giberson
wnl ray an official visit to Golden Gate
Chapter on the 2d of May VTUluen uate
On the 24th inst. Oak Leaf Chapter of
Oakland celebrated its 30th anniversary
and at the same time received Grand
Hatrcn Mrs. Giberson on her official visit
There were more than five hundred mem-
Ijers of the order in the hall. There was
work and entertainment and the presenta
tion of a handsome Fouvenir tp the grand
matron; also one to Mrs. sturdevant. the
•3'strict deputy grand matron, who is de-
R'-nbed as one of the Bweetest and most
charming members of the order The
chapter now has a membership of 4S0 At
the meeting there were present the "only
two living charter members.
It is expected that there will be a larire
attendance of members in Golden Gate
Ha«l next Tuesday night on the occasion
of the musteale to be given by San Fran
cisco Chapter. In addition to the musicale,
C. P. L. Marafs. the worthy patron an
entertaininpT talker, will deliver a lecture
on the "History of Woman in Free
masonry, the Initiation of Maria Derals
roes and the Foundation of 'Human Right'
Lodge of Men and Women Masons at
Paris, France."
On the 24th inst. Mrs. Anna M. Johnson
district dfcputy grand matron, paid an of
ficial visit to Harmony Chapter, and she
was accorded a most cordial reception.
The officers, Mrs. Margaret Kelton at the
Elation of worthy matron, in the absence
" c \ >}r- £ lein ' ¦*" ?lt*» her husband is
visiting East, assisted by Mrs. Gould as
¦ socl»te matron, and th« other officers' in
5t!a d , le . seven strangers In a manner that
called forth the highest of praise from
ecveral visitors from the East and fro£
local members of the order. After the
work of the evening the large number
who were present were entertained with
Interesting addresses by several speakers
Mri U H?,?iH the £!, SH ' ci 1 ate * rand conductress!
Mrs. Hickie. The close of the chapter was
followed by a banquet in the lower hall
In remembrance of the visit Mrs. John
son was presented a costly cut glass berrv
bowl. J
THE EASTEBN STAB.
The Past Arches' Association- will "hold
a meeting to-day, and to-morrow night
Hartnagel Supreme Arch Chapter .'will
hold its meeting for the purpose of elect
ing officers for the ensuing term. •
Old Friends Grove will be Instituted on
the 8th of May, and after. the institution
there will be a banquet. - - ¦.-.
Golden Gate and El* Dorado circles of
Druidesses are making great preparations
for their joint picnic to be held at Fern
brook Park on August 2. ¦ '
On the 20th inst. L. J. Perl died in
this city, after a lingering, illness. / He
was an old .time Druid. After having
passed through all the stations of Laurel
Grove he became its recording secretary,
holding that position.' for fourteen con-'
secutive years.- He was also- a Mason'
and a member, of the Knights of
Pythias. . . •' • • ' -' .<'.•.
. The following day the grand officers
went to Bakersfield and there met sev
eral old-time Druids, who promised to de
vote their., energies to the organization
of a new grove in that place. ; In the af
ternoon the grand officers were the guests
of Brothers Plantier and Eyrauld and
were driven to Oil City,, where they were
Instructed in the mysteries of oil produc
tion. They returned on Sunday. .. .. '¦
Galileo Grove on last Tuesday conferred
the third degree on three bards,' and at
the next meeting will initiate three
strangers. . " . ¦ . ; ¦. •
. Noble Grand Arch Godeau, accompan
ied by Grand Secretary Martlnonl, at the
request of Sumner Grove, visited ' Kern
City on the 18th inst., and there initi
ated a class of twenty, candidates, the
grand secretary ' acting as noble arch of
the . grove and the noble grand arch as
the vice -arch. After the ceremony of
initiation there were' instructive addresses
by the visiting grand officers, Dr. . Rogers
and District Deputy J. Eyra'uld." After
the close of the grove there was a ban
quet at the French- Hotel, kept by. M.
Plantier, a member of the grove, and
more speeches were In order.
DRUIDISM.
Perhaps two dozen houses in the south
ern end of the city were either wholly or
partially demolished, while in the mining
district heavy loss was caused in the
wnecWng of mine houses. Scarcely a
building in the course of the storm es
caped damage. About fifty families are
homeless. In the residence district tha
Ios3 fell particularly among the poorer
classes. Many lost everything. theyowned
and are destitute. Plans to care for these
were arranged this afternoon at a mass
meeting called by proclamation of Mayor
Trigg.
The district swept by the tornado was
about four blocks wide, commencing on
the -western limits of the city at Seven
teenth street and ending at Seventh, on
the east side of the city. . :X'.<^;;
JOPLIN. Mo.. April 26.— To-day it Is
known that three persons were killed and
about thirty injured in the tornado that
swept through Joplin late yesterday. Of
the injured perhaps eight are fatally
hurt. A conservative estimate places- tha
total loss at $100,000. The casualties were
caused by flying debris or falling walls.
Two of those killed lived on Moonston*
Hill, on the outskirts of Joplin.
Tornado Causes the Disasters
in Joplin.
Falling Debris During a Terrific
THREE DEAD, THIBTY HURT,
AFTEB MISSOURI STOB3I
Pioneer Lodge of the Friends of the
Forest will give an entertainment In For
esters' building next Wednesday. The
feature of the programme will -be the pre
sentation of the "Peake Sisters" irr" their
quaint costumes. ¦ ¦
Olive Branch Circle gave an entertain
ment in Mission Opera Hall last night A
pleasant evening was spent by all.
A new lodge of the order will be Insti
tuted in Foresters' building to-morrow
night. •;'!¦-'¦
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Vicksburg No. 37> Pomona, is in a, very
prosperous condition. Nineteen hundred
and two promises to be the banner year
for the corps. For the first time in Its
history the membership has reached the
100 mark. Six members have been initiat
ed this year.
Malvern HiH No. 89, Fullerton, recently
served a "business lunch" and in the
evening of the same day gave a dramatic
recital, which netted them^a very nice
sum ¦ for the relief fund.
Appamattox No. 5 of Oakland gave a
violet tea, which was one of the prettiest
affairs of the season. The hall was beau
tifully decorated with violets and ribbons,
interspersed with greenery to relieve the
violet effect. Nine tables were decorated
in violets and greenery, and from these
tables were, dispensed tea and all kinds
of dainty wafers. During the afternoon
a most interesting programme was ren
dered. The tea was given for the benefit
of the relief fund and was a great, suc
cess. > . +
Rawlins No. 29 of Stockton held a very
interesting entertainment at which mem
bers of the Grand Army of the Republic
and the National puard were present as
special guests. Frank H. Smith delivered
an address. At the conclusion of the ad
dress Mrs. Emerson, president of the
corps, presented to the post a picture of
McKinley. Rawlins Corps is adding new
and valuable members and is doing a
great amount of good work. .
John F. Godfrey No. 43 of Pasadena i3
a large, flourishing corps, having 236
members • in good standing. The, relief
work of ' this corps amounted to nearly
$600 last year. Every two weeks the
Woman's - Relief Corps Thimble Society
meets at .the home of some member and
each VMS 10 cents for supper, the pro
ceeds being turned into the general fund..
Last year, the work of the Thimble Soci
ety amounted to $163. The corps donated
$10 to the McKinley memorial fund.
Entertainments of a patriotic character
have been held in nearly all the corps. in
the department.
The department convention of the
Woman's Relief Corps of the department
of California and Nevada will be held at
Hanford on the 8th, 9th and 10th of May
next.
WOMAN'S RELIEF COBPS.
Court. Golden Era. -had a good attend
ance on .the 23d inst. in. the social hail
of ; the Alcazar at the entertainment it
gave to its members and friends. The
programme was followed by a \ dance.
Leon M. " Rey was the - chairman of tha
committee of arrangements and A. J.
Condrotte floor, manager.
A meeting of the courts.of Oakland wa3
held last week in the hall of Court New
Era, at which the membership was ad
dressed by Grand Chief Ranger Heenan
and Grand Sub-Chief Ranger Wolfe.
Court San Francisco has arranged for
an entertainment and ice cream social on
the nisht of the 29th inst. -
Court Inter Nos had a very pleasant
social InUnion Square Hall on the night
of the 23d. It was a dance from 9 to mid
night and all' enjoyed the several num
bers' on the programme. The court treated
all to lemonade and ice cream.
At a meeting of representatives of all
the local courts held on the 25th Inst., the
preliminary steps were taken for the pur
pose' of having a monster initiation in
this city. . '--'¦.: • r •
FOBESTEBS OF AMEBICA.
Hammer throw — Won by Blakemore, B. H.
S.; Hinds. O. H. S., second: Helmke, O. H.
S., third. Distance. 140 feet 2 inches.
High jump — Won by Hlckey, B. H". S., and
tie for second place between Glrvin and Mon
son, B. H. S., and Melvln and Coogan, O. H.
S., Berkeley getting seven points and Oakland
two. Height. 5 feet' 8 inches.
50- yard dash — Won x by Stanley, B. H. S. ;
Boettlger, B. H. S., second; Rice, O. H. S.,
third. . Time, :05 4-5.
Two-mile run— Tie between Backu?, Land
and Sullivan, all of Oakland. Time, 11:58.
SSO-yard dash— Won. by Coyne, O. H. S.;
Wrampelmeier, B. H. S.. second; Button. O.
H. S.. third. Time, 2:11 1-5. .
100- yard dash — Won by Hughes, O. H. S.:
Stanley. B. H. S., second; Wilcox. O. H. S.,
third. Time, :10 2-5. ¦
-120-yard hurdle — Won by ChapHn, B. H. S.;
Thayer, O. H. S., second; Melvln, O. H. S..
third. Time, :1T 3-5.
440-yard das^ — Tie between Sheehan, Walker
and Mitchell, all of Oakland. Time, :5ft.
220-yard hurdle — Won by Boettiger, B. H.
S.; Thayer, O. H. S.; second; Chaplin, B. H.
S., third. Time. :2S 1-5.
220-yard dash — Won by Wilcox. O. H. S. ;
Metcalf, O. H. S., second; Baldwin, O. H. S.,
third. Time, :24. !
On« mile ¦ run — Won by Luady, " O. H. S. ;
Backus, O. H. S., second; CoCper, O. H. S.,
third. Time, 4:58 4-5. . *
One mile relay — Won by Oakland; Berkeley
second.- Time, 3:25 2-5.
Pole vault— Won by Dyer, O. H. S.; tie for
second between Monson and Hawley, both of
Berkeley. Height, 8 feet 8 Inches.
¦ Broad jumri — Won . by Chaplin. B. H. S. ;
Baldwin. O. H. S., second; Melvln. O. H. S.,
third. Distance, 21 feet 5 inches.
Shot 1 put — Won by Hinds, O. H. S. ; Blake
more, B. H. S., second; McKilllcan, O. H. S.,
third. Distance, 42 feet 11 inches.
BERKELEY, April 26.— The athletes of
the Oakland High School won an easy
victory over the Berkeley -High School
representatives in a dual meet held this
afternoon on the University of California
cinder path. The' victors made 82 points,
as against 51 for Berkeley. The results:
High School on the Track
and Field.
Its Athletes Defeat Those of Berkeley
OAKLAND. HIGH SCHOOL
WINS AN EASY VICTOBY
. The official visit of Chief Companion'
Miss Ticoulet to San Francisco Circle No.
267 took place on the evening of ' Thurs
day, the 17th inst., in Its cosy quarters in
Mission Opera Hall. Three candidates
were initiated into the mysteries of the
order and the officers were highly compli
mented by the grand chief and the grand
sub-chief, Mrs. Worms, on their pro
ficiency in the ritualistic work. The fol
lowing named grand officers made ad
dresses under good of the order: Miss
Ticoulet, G. C. C; Mrs. Worms, QJSj C.
C. ; Mrs. Emma Harrington, P. G.C. C;
Mrs. Smith, G. T.; Miss A. D. Bremer,
G. F. S., and Mrs. D. Callaghan, G. O. G.
The grand chief companion, for whom the
circle entertains the highest regard, was
presented a handsome bureau cushion as
a souvenir of the occasion. This ; was
made by Mrs. Captain Payne. S.
Schweitzer, the energetic deputy for the
circle, was presented a silver mounted ink
well, the gift of Mrs: D. Callaghan, G. O.
G., and that officer was ' presented a
beautiful sofa cushion by Companion Miss
Mary F. Foye, who also presented a bas
ket of fragrant roses to Companion Mrs.
J. J. O'Callaghan. During the evening
Dr. Hugh Lagan, the circle physician,
made a most eloquent speech.
New Century Circle will have a picnic
on the 29th of June at Buena Vista Park.
A meeting of representatives of the
various local circles will be held on the
29th inst. in the committee : room of the
Alcazar building for the purpose of devis
ing ways and means of entertaining the
grand officers and delegates to the Grand
Circle next June. :
AMEBICAN COMPANIONS. ¦
¦ The Standard Company, in which T. 8.
Bullock of the Sierra Railroad 13 Inter
ested, proposes to run a branch broad
gauge road from the Sierra's main Una
to the timber belt.' When the line Is put ,
through the Bradford-Blois Company will
erect a sawmill of large capacity.
Aside from this particular tract, which
Is estimated to contain 100,000,000 feet ot
timber, the surrounding country is cov
ered by a sturdy growth which will
doubtless find Its way. to market once
operations are commented in the vicinity.
STOCKTON, April 26.— The Bradford-
Blois Lumber Company and the Standard
Lumber Company of San Francisco have
just perfected a deal in Tuolumne which
means that the lumber industry along- the
South Fork of the Stanislaus is to receive
a big boom. The former company has ac
quired the Frazer-Miller tract of timber
land, embracing 2000 acres of superb
growth. Under the contract by which the
parties are. bound the Standard Lumber
Company is to construct an electric or
steam railroad to the timber tract and
purchase the lumber on the ground-
Ean Franciscans Purchase Tract and
Will Construct a ' .
Railway. .
BIG DEAL IN TIMBEB
IN TUOLTTMNB COUNTY
Empress Victoria Lodge of the Daugh
ters of St. George will give its first' anni
versary entertainment and ball in Union
Square Hall on the night of the' 15th of
May. • The proceeds of this ' entertainment
will be set aside for • the widows', and or
phans' fund of the lodge. A provision of
the law of this organization is that if a
member in good standing loses her hus
bsnd or supporter she is paid $100. The
committee in charge is: Mrs. E. Witts,
chairman; Mrs. N. -J. Stickney, Mrs.
E. Harries, Mrs. S. Atkinson, Mrs. A.
Creba, Mrs. P. E. Johnson, Mrs. E. J.
Williams, Mrs J. Putney. Mrs. J. R. Fish
er, Mrs. E. Harrison, Mrs. R. Cramer
and Mrs. P. A. Williams.
Britannia Lodge No. ?, Daughters of St.
George, will celebrate the thirteenth an
niversary of its institution by an enter
tainment and ball.- During the evening
the lodges will serve refreshments. The
committee of arrangements is composed of
past presidents as follows: G. Muhlner,
F. Wittann, Ruth Meadows, J. G. Davis,
L. ' D. Staples, E. G. McMenomey, S.
Clack, A. Price and E. Bendell. The sit
ting past president, R. Hewitt, and the
president, E. Goss,. were added to the
committee. A large number of invitations
have been issued and a general good time
is expected. . -
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
Canton San Francisco No. 5 of the
Patriarchs Militant is making rapid prog
ress under the command of Captain C. H.
Kornbeck, who is a most ¦ enthusiastic
Odd Fellow and a member of every
branch. He has succeeded in bringing
his canton to a high state of proficiency
and its drills are admired by all who wit
ness them. At a recent meeting of his
corps he made the declaration that he
would bring Ms men' up to the highest
honors and he is working to that end.
PATBIABCHS MILITANT.
The Past Dictators' Association at its
last held meeting adopted the proposition
to amend its laws so as to allow of the
payment of a death benefit. It also de
cided to have, a suitable degree for the
initiation of candidates.
Grand Dictator Archibald left this city
on the 19th Inst,' for a, visit to lodges in
the southern part of the State.
Saxon Lodge of. the Knights of Honor
at its last held meeting initiated one
stranger. The lodge is active in Its ar
rangements for the open meeting to be
held on* the 20th of May in conjunction
with Norma Lodge..
KNIGHTS OF HONOB.
Loyal Circle of the Companions of the
Forest have arranged for a grand . open
meeting on the night of the 29th of April,
in its meeting hall.
The social that was given in the social
hall ¦ of the Foresters' building on the
night of. the 12th, inst. by Sherwood Cir
cle of ; the Companions of the Forest was
a very pleasant affair that was attended
by a large number of the members of
the circle -and many who do not belong
to.it." The programme of dances was
composed of many numbers and the affair
was conducted j by the committee com
posed of Mrs. Severence, Mrs. Sullivan,
Mrs. Dakin.i Tillie Meyers and Kate
Bridgewood. This circle will have a prize
masquerade on the 3d of May.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOBEST.
A new council of the order was formed
in the Mission district on the 25th inst
with a membership of more than forty!
The institution was by Deputy Buntinp
and after the installation of the officers
there v.as a pleasant social hour. The
hf,^nl mC rl *1rl meet ! ? M »ssion Masonic
building. Dr. Thomas J. Inman was rec-
MTS de d d ist a r!ct mediCal , eXaminer for the
Last Tuesday evening the San Fran
cisco Cabinet paid an official visit to
Golden Gate Council and the attendance
of that body was the largest that has
been known in many months, there being
more than thirty of the delegates. The
principal speaker of the evening was W.
A. S. Nicholson of California Council,
who spoke enthusiastically of the work
of the order and its prospects. He was
followed by Presidenr Wheelock, who
gave some very interesting statistics of
fraternal beneficial organizations in the
Old World and in the new one— not mere
go' figures, but an instructive and enter
taining compilation of facts, forming
good food for thought. During the even
ing there was work in the initiatory de
gree that was rendered letter perfect and
for which the officers received great
credit. After the meeting the council
furnished a most excellent supper, cider
and cigars. It was, all in .all, one of the
most enjoyable meetings that the council
has ever held. The council quartet fur
nished several vocal numbers.
On the 23d El Capitan Council had its
first stag night in Shasta Hall of the Na
tive Sens' building, and it turned out to
be a moEt enjoyable affair. The mem
bers of the council, their friends and the
members of other councils who attended
all went home declaring. that" they had
had a most delightful time. There was a
very interesting- programme of varied
numbers that were presented by the fol
lowing members of the Columbia Park
Boys' Club: Charles Norton, Eugene
Richards, William McLaughlin, Edward
Peneluna and Edward Haley. Izzy Mey
ers also entertained with funnyisms, and
Judge Baehr and Senator J. E. Field de
livered stirring, eloquent addresses. After
the programme there was served a lunch
which proved the reputation that this
council has for liberal hospitality. Jo
seph A. Wilson, L. Vincet. "The Prince,"
and Leo de Cardona were the committee
end that accounts for the affair being a
success. As a resu!t seven applications
were received during the meeting.
There was a good attendance at the
meeting of the San Francisco Cabinet on
the 24th inst., and quite a number of mat
ters of interest were discussed. There
was talk about the need of a deputy for
the southern part of the State, the an
nouncement of a meeting to Union Coun
cil in .viay and of one to San Francisco
Council in June.
On the 16th inst. California Council obli
gated one stranger and prepared him for
initiation at a future date. This council
will pay a fraternal visit to Oakland
Council in the early part of May.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Army and Navy Parlor will give its an
nual entertainment and dance on Wednes
day, May 7, in Native Sons' Hall. There
will be presented the military drama, en
titled "The Spy of Gettysburg." The fol
lowing well-known amateurs are included
in the cast: Miss Lucille Frank, Miss EVe
lyn Sullivan. Miss Emma White, H. G.
Leffman, Charles P. Marion, George Ap
pell, Julian Kraimer, Edward D. Crow
ley and J. M. Simmons. •
Rio Vista Parlor celebrated its fifth
anniversary last week by a grand ball in
Union Hall at Rio Vista. It was a most
enjoyable affair and in the grand 'march,
led by E. S. Egbert and Miss Pauline
Crump, there were more than sixty
couples. An excellent supper was served
by the parlor during the evening.
California Parlor has arranged a num
ber of events for the entertainment of its
friends as well as members. The first
was a ladies' night in Shasta Hall in the
Native Sons' building on the night of the
24th Inst. On the 2d of May there will be
a theater party at the Ttvoll, when either
"The Fortune Teller" or "The Singing
Girl" will be presented. This event is for
the benefit of the parlor's social fund. On
the Fourth of July the parlor will take
its members and friends on an excursion
around the bay on board the Amador. No
liquors •win be allowed on the vessel. The
parlor has divided itself Into two com
panies for a membership contest under
the captaincy of Wright and Bailey. The
parlor wants to get several hundred mem
bers more.
Olympus Paxlor, its phenomenal growth
and success. The programme was made
up of musical numbers, vocal and instru
mental, specialties and recitations, con
tributed by Miss Gertrude Devine, Master
Melville P. Coakley, Rex H. Harlon, Misrf
Clara Ravhut, M. Fennona, Master Har
old Cosgrave, Miss' Maude Shortall, Miss
Zinner, Misses Grace and Blanche Camp
bell and Thomas Mahoney. The enter
tainment was followed by dancing until
midnight. In view of the fact • that a
number of applications were presented by
strangers the parlor proposes to give an
entertainment on the same lines once a
month. The following named were the
committee: W. I. Burns, John T. Cos
grove, A. Mocker, H. I., Mulcrevy, Henry
Joost. William McLaughlln, Ralph Camp
bell, J. Whalen, Charles White. Frank
Taylor, 'P. H. Cullen and Richard Cullen.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29 will celebrate
the seventeenth anniversary of its Insti
tution by a grand ball In Native Sons'
Hall on the evening of the 6th of May. It
is to be a strictly evening dress affair.
Harry I. Mulcrevy, in an opening ad
dress, gave a brief account of the pur
poses and principles of the order of Na
tive Sons and alluded to the formation of
' '- SIrtc'e the* establshing .of that^ great
charity, -'the Actors' -Fund of America, in
1SS0 the building of a home for actors and
actresses has been the dream of the pro
fession. The late Louis Aldrich. for many
years president of the fund, was an enthu
siast upon the subject. The scheme so
long advocated by Mr. Aldrich has been
realized. Thousands of dollars have been
placed to the credit of the fund through
benefits given in various cities. San Fran
cisco will 'now have a chance to show its
appreciation for the people . behind the
footlights by patronizing the benefit.
On May 1 the home, completed and fur
nished, will be turned over to the presi
dent and trustees of the Actors' Fund,
and on May 8 it will be formally dedi
cated. Seth Low, Mayor of New York,
will officiate. He will be assisted by
Bishop Potter, Dr. Houghton and Joseph 1 *
Jefferson. •
Theatergoers of this city will be given
an opportunity to aid the Actors' Fund
Home, which is to be opened in New
York May 1. A mammoth* entertainment
will be given at the Columbia Theater on
the afternoon of May 8. All the theaters
of this city will be represented, and the
benefit promises to be one of the" best of
its kind ever given in San Francisco.
Among those who have volunteered
their services in aid of the worthy ob
ject are Nat C. Goodwin, Maxlne Elliott,
Edward Harrigan, James Neill and com
pany, the Alcazar company, Tivoli stars.
Central Theater company and Orpheum
artists.
Tickets for the picnic can be obtained
from any member of the Ladles' Aid So
ciety.
The various committees are working
with unusual interest, arranging novel
features which will make the day an en
joyable one. There -will be dancing and
games for young and old. This is the
first outing ever given under the aus
pices of the society and all who have the
welfare of the organization at heart will
undoubtedly join in making the affair
both a social and financial success. The
committee of, arrangements Is a3 follows:
Mrs. P. J. Moore, chairman; Mias M.
Conlon,. secretary; Mrs. George Bay
reuther, Miss M. Carr. Mrs. E. Curtis,
Miss J. Mitchell, Miss'M. Spillrnan; Miss
Anita O'Leary, Mrs. T.' Peckham, - George
Bayreuther, T. Peckham, J. McGlnty, P.
J. Moore and F. O'Neill.
The outing to be given for the benefit
of the Catholic Ladles' Aid Society at
Schuetzen Park on Thursday, May 1,
promises to be one of the most successful
affairs of the season. The ladies having
In charge the arrangements for the affair
report a large sale of tickets.
On May 7 the supreme officers and rep
resentatives will be taken on an,excur
sion, around the ba,y c land. .up. , Mare
Island. By special permission the visit
ors will be permitted to inspect the navy
yard.' -"All- members of the order ¦ have
been . invited .to accompany -the • distin
guished,, party. .At Vallejo « the supreme
officers and representatives \ will i be ! the
guests of Court Solano.
On May 6 the membership, of the San
Francisco courts will tender a. reception
to the supreme officers and. representa
tives at the Alhambra Theater.
The several courts of San Francisco are
taking an active interest in the work that
the general committee of the order is
doing in this city toward a prior recep
tion of the supreme officers and delegates
to the Supreme Court next month.
The members of the order will enjoy a
theater' part ; at the Central Theater on
the 30th inst.- ,'.
S. J. Duckworth, supreme deputy of the
Independent Order of Foresters, has insti
tuted a court of the Companions of the
order at Brentwood with eighty charter
members. The court has adopted " the
name of Carmen * McKinley, in honor of
Mrs. Duckworth's mother, lately de
ceased. The same officer added thirty
members to Court , Brentwood and fifteen
to Court Solano.
INDEPENDENT FOBESTEBS.
The open meeting of Starr King Coun
cil, on the 22d inst., in its hall in the
Shiels building, was a great success as to
attendance and programme. Those who
contributed to the programme, of music,
song and oratory were Miss Minnie
Sproul of California Council, Miss Laura
Cantus of California Council, Miss Grace
Walsh. Misses Edith and Mabel Marks,
Miss Millie Marks and Miss Rudolph.
After the programme there was served
to all a delicate collation and light re
freshments and there was dancing for an
hour and a half. The affair was con
ducted under the supervision of T. W.
Blanenhorn, assisted by W. H. McSusan,
Charles Hamilton. C. H. Tubbs, Miss
Laura Ca,ntus. Miss Carrie Sproul, Miss
E. Lewis and Miss Cobby.
STARR KING COUNCIL.
iWill Raise Funds to Help
Professional Home in
; ' - New York.
Members of Catholic Aid
Society Will EDJoy
OutiDg.
All of the local lodges will join hands
in giving a grand ball in the Odd Fellows'
Hall on the night of the 30th inst. The
committee having the matter in charge is
composed of Dr. F. T. Duncan, J.Shay
ler, L. M. Manzer Jr., Herman Meyer and
J. Shay, the latter having been chosen as
the floor manager. . , ,
Hercules Lodge on the 23d inst. had an
entertainment and dance in Franklin Hall
that was well attended, despite no caiis,
and the programme that was presented
proved to be a most enjoyable one. • ! N
John T. Kidd of Eureka Valley Lodge
has been appointed district deputy for dis
trict No. 2, in which are located Golden
Gate, Fairmont, Eureka Valley and
Crocker lodges. J. Schilling of Memorial
Lodge has been appointed deputy for dis
trict No. 3, In which are Burns, Memorial,
Friendship and Triumph lodges. These
being deputies of their own lodges may
have an : opportunity to vote on some
question in the lodges, and if an appear
is taken they will have an opportunity
to decide as they voted." ' ' '•' "
The board of corporate directors will
hold a meeting on May 3. • ¦••¦•¦¦•
On last Thursday night, J, T. McMillan
of the. Hydfographic Office, master work
man of- Franklin Lodge, after the close
of business, delivered a very interesting
'and instructive lecture: on "Navigation,"
Illustrating it with charts and blackboard
sketches. '. Mr. McMillan, who Ja a teacher
1 of navigation," Is well qualified 'for the
work he had in hand,- and he not only
interested the members ;of the lodge, but
interested them to an unusual degree.
Receiver Joseph Nordman added to the in
terest of the evening by the introduction
of a talking machine that he imported
from Europe, and Messrs. Isenbruck. and
Hoffman favored with piano music. And
then everybody had a cigar.
of tenderins Grand '-, Overseer C. H. Dut
ton a reception, to show appreciation of
having been elevated to the position he
now occupies. *
ACTORS ARRANGE
A BIG BENEFIT
LADIES ARRANGE
MAY DAY PICNIC
COMMANDING OFFICER OF CAN
TON NO. 6 OF THE PATRIARCHS
MILITANT, I. O. O. F.
Oroville Lodge .was instituted iri that
place on the 19th inst. by Deputy Grand
•Chancellor B. S. Logan. '
H. W. Belding, the imperial secretary of
the D. O. K. K., will visit this city shortly
in the interest. of the next session. of the
Imperial Council that is- to be held here
in August. •
Grand Chancellor Calkin is still in Tuol
umne County visiting lodges there and
enthusing them for the approaching con
vention of the Supreme Lodge.
Herman Schaffner, G. K. of R. and S.,
visited Richmond last week and laid out
the preliminary work for the organization
of a new lodge in that place.
On the 19th Al Borak Temple," D. O. K.
K., of Los Angeles, had a glorious time
initiating into the mysteries of the order
thirty innocent pilgrims who had already
erossed the sands of Pythianlsm.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
• Herman-Lodge No, 144 will have an en
tertainment and hop in the memorial
hall -of the Odd Fellows' building on the
night of the 6th of May. An interesting
programme will be presented.
REBEXAHS.
The lodge at Point Arena celebrated the
anniversary of Odd Fellowship yester
day in fine style. The oration was de
livered by Past Grand Master Barnes.
. President Mltchel of the California As
sembly instituted a new lodge at Pico
Heights last week. .
Loyal" Rebekah Lodge will have a social
entertainment in Prospect Hall of the
Odd Fellows' building to-morrow night.
It is to be an open meeting to which all
will be welcome to listen to. the entertain
ing-programme to be presented.
The reception that was tendered to
Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart, district deputy,
by Amity Rebekah Lodge on the night
of the 19th was a very pleasing altair
that was conducted under the supervision
of the committee of arrangements, con
sisting.of Emma Ramm, Lela Ziegler and
J. Young. Among those who were pres
ent, and there were as many as could
crowd into the hall, were Brigadier Gen :
eral Brower and staff and Canton No. o
of the Patriarchs Militant, Captain Korn
beck commanding. After a welcome had
been extended to Mrs. Urquhart and her
staff. there was an hour of talking, the
speakers being General Brower, Captain
Kornbeck, F. L. Turpin, C. E. Benedict,
A. H. Breckwoldt, A. J. Stych, Mrs. Ur
quhart, Lillie B. Holcomb, Captain Allie
Parker, Mrs.. Lewis and Messrs. Martin
and Phelps. During the evening the as
semblage was entertained with a duet by
Ella Thompson and Peter Lowrie. Ice
cream and cakes were served, to all. Two
oil paintings donated to the lodge were
disposed of and realized a goodly sum.
The San Francisco board ff relief of the
Independent Order . of Odd . Fellows has
appointed A. M. Brand, J. J. Phillips, T.
R. Mann, E. C. Andrews and David Kerr
a committee to arrange Yor a bay excur
sion .and, trip to Vallejo June- 8.
The number of excursionists , will be lim
ited ,to 200. San Pablo Lodge of Vallejo
has appointed a committee on reception
of the visitors. . '
Templar Lodge has work in the initia
tory- degree for its next session.
.All the lodges are getting ready to send
their respective delegates to the session
of the (Jrand Lodge. •
¦ Farnsworth Lodge -ot this city will cele
brate the anniversary of Odd Fellowship
in the United States by an entertainment
and dance in the Memorial Hall of the
Odd Fellows' building on the night of the
oOth inst.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
A new court of the Ancient Ordar of
Foresters was instituted; at Washeugal,
Wash., on the 19th inst., with thirty- two
charter members.
' A new court was instituted at Calistoga
last week by Permanent Secretary Fal
coner. , : . - ?.'.•;.
Court Prosperity was visited last Mon
day by the board of deputies and there
was an evening of Instruction. '•;.
: Court ' Raisin City of Fresno has been
awarded the banner for the current year,
having made an increase percentage of
aOO. The court now has a membership of
140. . -.-..
_; Court Bohemia will have a smoker next
Tuesday for its members and friends.
Court St. Gottardo was visited by High
Chief Ranger Boehm on Wednesday.
Court Pride of Plumas at its last held
session initiated a number of candidates.
Court Star of the West initiated four
candidates at its last held meeting.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
by Neighbor and Mrs. P. H. Herzog.
After the initiation there were remarks
by those who instituted the camp and by
Dr. Torrello.
Beuna Vista Council received one new
member into its circle, at the last held
meetJngand has eleven applications pend
ing.- It expects a- large class- ready for
initiation at its next meeting, on the 1st
¦prox. : ' . , ¦>-.:
The new council at Berkeley will be in
stituted during thecoming month; the list
of ¦-charter applicants is being filled up
rapidly. . ,
: iiiand Regent G. Gunzendorfer returned
from Santa Rosa on Wednesday evening
last. He reports that a new council will
shortly be: instituted in that thriving and
beautiful town. .« '
. Grand Regent Gunzendorfer in his sec
ond official circular calls on all councils in
the State to celebrate the twenty-fifth an
niversary of the founding of the order on
June 2j next. ;
a large delegation of members from the
city councils will attend, accompanied by
the grand regent, G. Gunzendorf er. ..'-.•
Argonaut Council will initiate two mem-;
bers at its meeting to-morrow evening.
Considerable ¦ activity is being manifested
by the members of this, tne pioneer coun
cil of the Pacific Slope. The meetings are
well attended and made very interesting
by the orator, Theo. Longworth, and other
active workers.
HF interest aroused jby. the
/— ¦y~—S circular of tlie Native Daugh
// 1 ters of the : Golden West on
(I 1 the subject of "Historical
\V^ \^f Landmarks" continues to
/ > grow. Eliza D. Keith, . the
! chairman of the committee,'
reports encouraging returns from the
parlors in the interior, who are all anx
ious to h£3l> in this work. Califia Par
lor of Sacramento, Aleli Parlor of Salinas
and La Ba-ndera Parlor of Sacramento
are contributing historical items to the
committee. -" M ':- £•'- ¦
Mrs L. O. R- Dyer, founder of the or
der, is enthusiastic over the suggestion
that the old * Mission road, that was trav
eled by the padres from San Diego to San
Francisco should be restored. he I 3 <*
the opinion that the Native Daughters
could easily arouse sentiment in the
counties tnrough which the road is
marked and induce the different couoty
boards of Supervisors to take an active
part in the matter of restoration and
hold themselves responsible for the con
dition of- the roads- in their respective
counties. She believes, in these days of
automobiles, bicycles and coaching par
ties, that so long a road as that over
which such vehicles could travel would
prove a gieat attraction for tourists. _
Las Tarrosas, Sans Souci and Darina
parlors have refused to levy an entertain
ment assessment as reauested by the
joint committee on the entertainment or
the grana oticers and delegates to the
next Grand Parlor. .
The entertainment committee nas
planned a recention, a ball and a theater
party tor the evenings of the Grand Par
lor session. There is some uncertainty
an to which would be the better, a ban
quet after installation on Friday night
or an informal reception, to be followed
on Saturday by an excursion to Mount
Tarr-alpais. It is claimed that if a ban
uuei is decided upon it will be proscrip
tjve as to numbers, and many Jsative
L/aughters are opposed to the idea of any
<»vent at which any Native Daughter who
Uiight wxsh to attend might be barred
out. The grand vice president, who is an
ardent supporter tot the Mount Tamalpais
excursion, says Uiat the greatest treat
that could be offered the delegates from
the interior is an opportunity to go to the
summit of the old. mountain and obtain
a panoramic view of ten of the State s
counties. It is claimed that with the del
egates and- guests and all the Native
Daughters who would like to go on that
trip the day would be a delightful one.
Grand Secretary Miss Frakes has gone
to Sutler Creek for a. 6hort vacation.
The various local parlors are getting
:eady to make their selections for dele
gates to the Grand Parlor session in
June. The session of that grand body
will from present indications, prove tue
most interesting that has been knowa for
years, for there will be a contest for su
premacy between two well defined fac
tions in the order. ,.,,,,« '*
During the recent official visit of Grand
President Mrs. Baker to Ursula Parlor,
the mother parlor, a resolution was
passed thanking Grand Secretary Frakes
for the compliment she paid to the parlor
in placing the portrait of Lily O. Reich
ling Dyer, the founder of the, order, in the
proceedings of the last held Grand Par
lor. The action of the grand secretary in
placing that portrait in the proceedings
has caused more or less comment, but
this is the first act by any parlor compli
menting *er for having done what she
did.
AS COLD IN THE LODGE ANTE-ROOM
THE SAN FBiiNGISqp CALL, SUNDAY^ APRIL 27, 1902.
32
CITY >^H% i AKlo
Dry Goods -^^^^f- Company.
GURTAINTMr^ODTIECES.
To maKe room lor novelties now being opened,
we will offer the following lines as strong
SPECIALS THIS WEEK:
RUFFLED CURTAINS In striped and colored figured effects
three yards longr-we have 25O pairs of the $1.5O <fcl QQ
curtains to close out during the week at, a pair ,7:"Vuvf
RUFFLED CURTAINS Inan extra quality of new and handsome
designs; abo\it^200 pairs that are well worth $1.75 tf»| CQ
and $2.OO will be sold for this week at $1.25 and \pi»s^vr
RUFFLED BED SETS In a complete line to match «fcC KQ
curtains; upward from «47v^»
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 3^ yards and 5O Inches In width;
3OO pairs of the newest desUns will be offered as a QQ
t great inducement for this week at, a pair **"» vv .
IRISH. POINT CURTAINS In full lengths and widths In a com-,
plete assortment of every desirable modern design; CO CA
always well sold at S4.25, $4.5O and S5.OO; this week ***-»»^»vr .
TAPESTRY PORTIERES In figures and handsome bordered
and striped effects that are first class values for C"3
$4 5O and S5.OO a pair, are now $3.50 and \p*J»M
HALF PAIRS OF PORTIERES— the balance of our sample line
, of fine quality and rich patterns are marked at prices CR OO
to completely close out; $2.5O, $3.5O and.... ...... ..- S * ts -* m 7:?f. :
GFTY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY*
: : .. ¦;;.'-". Geary and StoeHcin Streets, Union Square. ...•//;
APVEBTISEMENTS.Champ Clark Benominated.
MEXICO, Mo!, April 26. —Congressmaa
Champ Clark of Bowling Green was to
day renomlnated by the Democratic con
vention of the Eighth District without
opposition.
Mrs. Ellinghouse was formerly Mrs. Lil
lian Siebein. She was divorced from her
first husband on November 1, 130L Sha
now claims that her marriage to Elling
house in Oregon the following January la
Illegal because it was performed within
the six months which the laws of Oregon
provide must elapse before a second mar
riage can be consummated.
After not qutts threo months of wedded
bliss Lillian Ellinghouse, wif» of Alfred
Ellinghouse, the well-known theatrical
manager, has applied to tha divorce* court
for an annulment of tha bonds of matri
mony by which she was united to El
linghouae at Portland, Or., on January 30
of this year.
Suit for ATiTmT-ment of
Bonds.
Wife of Theatrical Manager rtlea
MRS. ELLINGHOirSII CLAIMS
HER MABBIA.GB IS ZLLEGAZi
•F. W.- Dohrmann,* who Is convalescing
after an illness of seven weeks, leaves to
day for his farm near Auburn. He will
be accompanied by Mrs. Dohrmann and
hopes to be greatly benefited by/ the
change 'Of climate. ~f: y
Mrs. L. Roesch of 2513 Howard street
has discontinued her day at home for the
summer months.
Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Jacobs of 1537 Post
street announce the confirmation of their
son, Samuel; at the , Bush-street Temple
Saturday, May 3, at 9:30 a. m.
¦ Mrs:- Henry W. Cahn (nee Block) will be
at home Wednesday, April 30, at 1908 Bush
street. .
Mrs. Henry Finnegass left, the city last
Monday for the East, where she expects
to remain until June. .
Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Pauson will be at
home Sunday, April 27, from 3 to 6, at
1257 Octavia street.. " •
I Mr. and Mrs. T..P. Sherman' are In Mill
Valley for the summer. ' : '/. vll v
PERSONAL.
Mrs/ C. W. Hubbard, Plttsburg, Pa.: Fred
W. Blackman, Boston; John H. Ferguson,
Percy Ferguson, Reading, England; -Mr.
and Mrs. Charles F. Owham. London.
Miss Aline A. Spotorno entertained
some little friends at her home Saturday
afternoon, April 19. Covers were laid for
forty. The decorations were in pink and
white. Among those present were: Miss
Bessie McDonald, Miss Catherine Golcher,
Miss Alma. Harrington, Miss Besste
O'Brien, Miss Alice McDbnald, Miss Jean
nette Ingles, Miss Adele Ligon, M'.ss Vera
Becker, /Miss Hazeline Rice, Miss , Elice
Golcher, Miss ; i Kathleen O'Brien, Miss
Dorothy Bevens, . Miss Gail. Harrington,
Almost enjoyable surprise party was
given to Miss M. de Sparr at her resi
dence. 3417 Twenty-sixth street, on Sat
urday evening, April 19. Those who at
tended were:. Miss M. de Sparr, Miss M.
Benson, Miss K. Ryan, Miss J. Amlot,
Miss L. Amiot, Miss C. Linden, Miss A.'
Ahem, Miss J. O'Neil, Miss R. Marshall,
Miss B. Anderson, : Mrs. Seppi, Mr. . B.
Amiot, Mr. R. de Sparr, Mr. J. Kamna,
Mr. W. McDonald, Mr. C' Reid," Mr. J.
Slp'pl, Mr. J. Murray, Mr. E. Smith, Mr.
H. Flowers, Mr. J. Ewlng, . Mr. A. Amlot,
Mr. C. Booth, ; Mr. A*. Ewing. • ¦ '•
• - • •
¦ ¦'¦¦¦ ,,¦¦ ¦ \ ' ¦
Mr. Cunningham entertained his family
and friends last Friday evening, the occa
sion being the fiftieth anniversary of his
birth. The house' was prettily decorated
and dancing, singing and recitations
passed ¦ some delightful hours. ¦ Edward
Raabe acted as toastmaster at the excel
lent supper which was served. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. j Cun
ningham,, Mr. and Mrs. West, Mr. and
Mrs. Morgan, Mr., and Mrs. Harriman,
Mrs. May, Mrs. Condie, Miss A. Olofson,
Miss Cunningham, Miss Ltllle Puttuck,
Mrs. Puttuck, Mrs. Buzzinl, Mr. Pedrazzi.
Mr. F. Kennedy, Mr. Gross, Mr. E. Doyl<s,
Mr. E. 1 Raabe,' Mr. S. , Gianettoni, Mr. 1 I.
Erb, Master West, Master Puttuck.
; - ' • • - / * * . • . ' .".
\ Among those present were: Captain and
Mrs. Schmaling, Mr. and Mrs. J. Fogarty,
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Schmaling, Mr. and
Mrs. T. Pfaff, H. Silva. Misses \ Jessie
Schmaling, Ida Schmaling," Rose Buelna,
Irene Thedy, Jennie Ellis, Hattie O'Neill,
Edna . Schmaling, Myrtle Smith, May
Rhodes, Annie O'Brien, Hazel Hanell,
Margie Hanell and • Margaret Fenlon,
Fred Schmaling, Don Buelna, Willie
Schmaling, Robert Thedy. Bert Dough
erty, James Egan, Will Kahman, Ed Cas
sidy, Walter Smith, Willie Lazar, Bernard
Egan and Frank Rhodes.
Miss Edna Schmaling was . the recipient
of a pleasant surprise party tendered her
by her many friends on Saturday evening,
April 12, at the Schmaling residence, 1121
Broadway. . The young people in charge
of the affair were ably assisted by Mrs.
Captain Schmaling and her ..daughters.
Misses Jessie and- Ida . Schmaling. • The
residence. was decorated and an elaborate
programme, both musical j and vocal, "¦ was
rendered. During the evening many, in
teresting games and -.dancing^ were i en
joyed. - At 12 o'clock the guests partook
of a tempting . supper. ~'~ * '. ' ; \
HOME GATHERINGS.
Miss Emma J. Sanderson and Fred H.
Wise were united in marriage Thursday
evening, April 24,; at the Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church, the Rev. J.
A. B. Wilson officiating. After the cere
mony the happy couple adjourned to the
home of Mr. and Mrs. H./Darr, 152 Perry
street, where a reception was held. Dur
ing the evening some Scottish songs' were
rendered by Mr. and Mrs. Bruce of Oak
land. George Brlckley also sang. Among
those present were : . Mr. and Mrs. Wise,
Mr. arid Mrs.' Darr, Mr. and Mrs. Ed
wards. Mr. and Mrs. Levy, Mr. and Mrs.
T. Mullaney, Mrs. J." Bruce, Mr. and Mrs.
L..; Darr, Miss I. . Bruce,. Mrs. '1* "Wise,
Mr. and Mrs. Bruce, the Misses Helen and
Etta Darr, the Misses Fanny and Pauline
Wise, Otto Darr, H. Darr, George and
Fred Winant, C. Bender, Mr. Bernard,
George Brickley, George Hamilton, Wil
liam Mlnehan and. Charles Hickey.
Miss Ethel M. Hutchinson and J. F.
Kingston were united in. marriage Friday
at noon at College Park University, nea'
Sah Jose, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson
of Howard-street Methodist • Episcopal
Church. Miss Daisy Salter was brides
maid. Henry Davidson was best man.
Mr. Kingston is an active business man
of this city.
Miss Lillian Barnard of this city and
Rudolph Krobitzsch Jr. of Philadelphia
were married at the bride's home, ; 2116
Vallejo street, on Wednesday last.
A very pretty wedding took place at St.
Mary's Cathedral on Tuesday, April 22,
at high noon,' when Miss Lillian.MacAul
iffe and 'Arthur D. Dollard-werdf united in
matrimony, Rev. Father, Dollars perform
ing the ceremony. Miss ; MacAullff e is a
charming young graduate of Notre Dame
College of San Jose and a daughter of
Mrs. M.. MacAuliffe of Grass Valley.
Mr. Dollard is the son of 'John Dollard; a
pioneer resident of this city and the con
fidential man of J.:H. Keefe. The happy
groom has a host of friends In local so
cieties, being a popular member, of ; the
Knights of Columbus, the. Young^ Men's
Institute and Stanford, Native Sons of the
Golden West. Miss Edith' Gettleson at
tended the bride and' Robert E. Dollard
acted as best man. '/After receiving the
congratulations of their friends at the
home or the groom, the happy young
couple left for the south. The reception
was attended only by close friends of the
family, owing to the illness of the bride's
mother. Mr. and' Mrs. Dollard - were' the
recipients of many handsome ' wedding
presents. ' V -.
! Christian - George Marchus. and Martha
Marie Barber of San s Francisco were
united in 1 marriage 'on "the "summit of
Mount Tamalpais at'hodn Thursday. The
party included David Marchus ' of San
Francisco, * brother , of the groom, Misses
Jessie and Ora Barber and Miss Emma
Marchus, the ; groom's Bister.", j Milton St.
John acted as best man and Mabel Howell
was the, bridesmaid. The wedding ; .was
the t first to occur on Mount Tamalpais.
The happy couple will reside in this' city.
couple, after, which' dancing, singing and
games were "enjoyed "by all. ;; ••¦•' - ' "¦"¦."
¦ v . .'¦ ¦ *•¦; ¦••'.« . : - •".•-•.'¦;.¦ ; .-> : : '-""..¦
A call has been issued for the ninth an
nual convention of the California Bank'
ers f Association, to be herd at San Jose
j on Thursday. Friday and Saturday, May
29, SO and 3L The delegatesjsrM . be wel
comed at a reception to he held in ¦ the
Vendome on the evening of May 29. The
regular sessions of the convention will
open Friday morning. Saturday may be
largely devoted to drives through the
charming country surrounding San Jose.
A number of specially prepared papers
will' be presented,- but they will be few.
Each delegate will be called upon, so the
call for the convention sets forth, for his
views concerning business conditions in
his particular section. A feature of the
gathering will be a repetition of the so
called executive sessions of . the - ' last two
conventions, the delegates resolving them
selves into a committee of the whole and
engaging in informal discussion of which
no official record is made. . The call , is
signed by Frank Miller, chairman, and
It. M. Welch,- secretary, of the executive
council- ,•¦''_¦¦¦; *
Popular Features of Past Gath
erings of Moneyed Men.
Sessions Are Arranged to Include
CALL IS ISSUED iOR
BA1TKERS' CONVENTION
The hot corn dealer Is the one who has
to put up another margin.
v The{ following guests are registered at
Skaggs -Hot , Springs, Sonoma County:
C. ;;B./ Fisk, Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Mitchell, S. B. Wood, C. L. Angell, G. W-
Pein,' E. B. Blood, F. S. Foltz, Miss Emma
Ferguson, T.; J.Duncani W. C. : Schneider,
Mr." and Mrs. H. Braunschwelger Jr., Mrs.
J.Y A; ; Logan, J V Edward Schmidt, August
Lang, Mr." and Mrs.* Francis J. Baker, H.
L. Moore, Mrs.'James O'Brien and nieces,
Miss : Louise 'A:; Glynn, Tessye.A.
Byrne, S Mr. and Mrs. Isidore Burns, M.
Getz, H. ;. M. ; Englander/ W. 'Z. Tiffany,
A." M. Simpson, J. G. Mackln.'.W. E. Brad
ford, Dr." H. R. Morton, John" C. Reming
ton." H. Braunschweiger, Colonel ; , D. • E.
Miles,: Preston i Morris, ;¦':] Mrs. Charles
Rfmer, I. : : N. Cohn, James T. V Cheatham,'
San Francisco ; T. S. Eggert, : J. , C. Kins
low, Santa Rosa ;1 Mr." and Mrs." George E.
Butler, Ross Valley; William Lang, , Oak
land ; Dr." H; F. Perkins, E. W. , Skaggs,
Bart : Davis, Theodore Havey^ Gey
servllle; „ Mrs. J. -' N.%.Ward, : Isabel
Carter,l.fMrs. r C, D. : CaVter, . Healds
burg; -William ¦ Bennett, Albion ; Mr. and
Mrs.'. Helmke.-; Blockburg; ; George ,B. Wil
liams,*? San /Diego ; ¦ Mr. ] and , Mrs/ M. '¦', WI1-,
liams and -child,: Stewarts Pointy Mr. and
a. List 'of late arrivals at the Geysers Ho
tel is as follows : Frank C. Jordan, Rob
ertV. "Jordan, G. H. Dunn, Oakland; Mrs.
Minnie ; sriakenberg. Miss Lou - " Snaken
berg,'Cleveland, O. ; Judge Van R.' Pater
son, 'John' Bayle, L. Renard, Mrs. : M. E.
.Taylor, . Miss Georgia ,' Taylor, Captain
John- ; Schmidt -and wife, Miss - Lily
Schmidt, ;H. Schmidt, Fred Schmidt, G.
E.' Hlslop and wife, : San Francisco; E. W.
Shelf ord; Cloverdale. . :
From , St. Paul— P. J. Towle and family.
-From San , Francisco— Mr! and Mrs.
Charles T. Rodolph, Mrs. C. Meyers and
maid, ' Mr. ; and Mrs. } E ; W, Newbauer, 5 C.
E. L. Hildebrecht. C. A. Thurston. Mr.
and Mrs. ¦ William Hendrickson, Stephen
E.- Hartnell, A. J. Rich and son. Miss
Dorothy Li: Caruthers, Miss M. Allen, Mr.
and Mrs. ; J. ; Dalzel Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Maurice Casey, Miss Mi Casey, Jj E. Fin
nlgan, Mrs. F. C. Talbot. ,
From . New York— Mrs. A. C. Morrison,
Miss , L. • O. Taylor and maid.
The latest arrivals at Hotel San Mateo
are: '
AT THE RESORTS.
'•Since counsel," continued the Judge,
"has made known the defendant's atti
tude, the court has ascertained what it
really did say at that time in passing on
the sufficiency of the evidence in connec
tion with the motion for a new trial, and
v/hile the language used Is general and
makes no specific reference .to matter,
which forms the basis, of the present
charge of perjury, nevertheless, it Is
brt)2.d enough, to suggest a belief on the
part of the court' that the defendant, with
a rc-ckless disregard of his oath, lied re
peatedly upon the stand. Under the clr
cums.tances, therefore, and so that there
may be no question as to a fair trial, to
which every defendant is entitled, the
court will not try the case."
The Judge announced that the cfe.se had
be«;n transferred .to Judge Cook's court
and was continued till next Saturday,
when It will be set for trial.
The Jutlire sal 1 he had an announcement
to make. Within the' last few days the
defendant's counsel had informed the
court that the defendant was unwilling to
be tried in that department on the charge
of perjury because the court had, in sen
tencing the defendant on, the forgery
charge, made some statements expressive
of Its estimate of the defendant's action
when he appeared as a witness upon thff
stand.
"Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper, alias
Err-fst Moore Chadwick, appeared before
Judge Lawlor yesterday to plead on the
charge of perjury against him, committed
while testifying before the Judge at his
trial on the charge of forgery. .
Bills were returned against the follow
ing-named men for conspiracy, although
they are not named as defendants an-I
will only serve as State's witnesses: Ho
mer Michaels, juror; W. F. Sheridan,
juror; Clark Polfre, juror, and Walter C.
Jones, constable.
Among the more prominent against
which true bills were voted are Patrick
H. O'Donnell, public administrator and
attorney of the traction company, and
James Brayer, his law partner. The other
men indicted are John O'Donnell, brother
of Patrick O'Donnell, and special agent in
the traction cases; Sam T. Lawrence,
member of the jury which decided a
transfer suit in favor of the traction
company in three minutes; Herbert Roth
ery, a venireman called for Jury service
in Justice Woods* court; William Gal
lagher, a promoter, and Cyrus S. Simons,
all alleged "go-betweens" In the selection
of jurors.
CHICAGO. April 26.— Indictments for
conspiracy In relation to the jury-bribing
scandal in transfer warfare in Justice
Woods' court against the Union Traction
Company were returned against seven
men to-day in Judge Dunn's court.
SAYS CHADWICK
WILLFULLY LIED
"CONSPIRACY"
THE ACCUSATION
. The Los Amlgos . Club gave Its fifth
party this ¦ season at Golden Gate k Hall,
Saturday evening/April 19. The hall was
prettily decorated, and about 200 guests
were ! present.
R. Gurney acted as floor manager and
was assisted j by Frank D. Hall. Among
those present were: Dr. and Mrs. Claude
J. Perry, Judge and Mrs. W.
Martland, J. L. Frisbee, Joseph Baptista,
Alan W.; Maglnis, Louis DeLano/ H. J.
Van Kirk, E.~> Earhart, J. LhT Martin, M.
G. Owens, E.~ Mergulre, P.- L> Peters, A.
D. LaMotte, G. G. Sanches, 1 R. C. Dan
iels, B. M.' Jones', Gus Soher, Miss Lou
Buck, Miss : Alma Hartis, Miss Bessie
Harvie.Miss DeLano, Miss G. Van Kirk,
Miss Dolly Ralston, Miss F.rances Shine,'
Miss E. Walcom, Miss Daisy" Coriroy;
Miss ; Ester Halleron,- Miss Olga Hunsak
er, Miss : May Graff, Miss May Smith,
Miss Mayme Carroll, Miss Gussle Stoiz.
The. Argonaut Club will give Its final
dance this season next Friday evening.
• • •
• The j following guests were entertained:
I. J. Muma, Captain George James. of tha
Olympic Club, McGregor Thompson,
James Nevln, R. E. Ford, and ex-Royal
Chief George Miller journeyed all the
way from Arizona to be present on the
occasion. # . >.
Miss Helens and Messrs. Jones, Fraser,
FInnle, Ford, Cummings, Strangr, David
son, - Muma and Lauris ton contributed
songs and readings, all of which were
well ! rendered and warmly received.
Dancing was then enjoyed until late. " .
The members and friends of. the San
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club held their
twenty-flrst annual • "Tattle an' ! Herrin' ".
supper and ball at 32 O'Farrell street,
Saturday evenine,. the;J9th;lnst. „";-_' \._ , •
At S^iJO.^toeaded by the club piper,, j. J.
Cameron, to the tune of "The Campbells
Are ; Coming," they adjourned, to the ban
quet hall, jwhere ¦ refreshments*.
served.", 'The royal .' chief, . John. H. Mcln
nis, being : absent on account' of illness,
First Chieftain Alexander S trans 3 offi
ciated. "-.;- .
CLUB PARTIES.
The wedding of Mrs. C. Antony, and A.
Melnen was solemnized April 20, at 116
Thirteenth avenue, the ceremony being
performed by the Rev. Pastor J. Fuende
ling. The home was beautifully decorated
with flags and ferns for the occasion,. a
bounteous supper was served and: well
wishes were offered to the newly wedded
Mr. and Mrs. Voerckel Sr., Moritz and
Herman Voerckel, Ernest Enderlein,
Charles Woodruff, Frank Coburn, Will
Coburn, Ben Coburn, Harry Coburn,
Frankie Coburn, M. Price, Arthur Price,
Merton Price, Walter Price, Mrs. Frank
Coburn, Mrs. Thomas Woodruff, Mrs.
Sophie Hinsberg, Miss Annie Becker, Miss
Annie Fagin, Miss Minnie Kruse, Miss Ida
Hamby, Miss Helene Hinsberg, Miss Mar
garet Hinsberg, Mrs. Eva Price and Miss
Josephine Burr. ' •
• • •
A very pretty home wedding was that
of George S. Voerckel and Miss Grace
Coburn,- at the residence of the latter's
sister, Mrs. Sophie Hinsberg. The color
scheme was pink and white and through
out the house pinks and lilies mingled
with smllax and ferns were profusely
used. Miss Annie Becker was bridesmaid
and Ernest Enderlein best man. At the
banquet Frank Coburn acted as toast
master. Among the invited guests were:
Those present at the wedding were:
Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Tregay, William
Tregay, Mrs. M. Bonner, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Beer and Master Herbert Beer of
Angels Camp, Mrs. J. Plummer, Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Hogan, Rev. William Rader;
Mrs. Seeiey, C. W. Seeley, Mr. and Mrs.'
J. M. Eva, Dr. F. C. Keck, Miss C. Hos
kens, Miss M. Hoffman, Miss Florence
Collins, Mr. and Mrs. Dixon, Mrs. E. Cal
lahan, Mrs. ' Calombat, Mrs. A. Semmens,
Miss Annie Semmens, Mrs. M. Glover,
Messrs. Louis Whlteman, W. T. Leaman,
H. W. Regan and Edwin Best
• • •
A very pretty home wedding took place
at high noon on Tuesday, April 22, at the
residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and-
Mrs. W. M. Tregay, 3340 Twenty-first
street, their^daughter, Miss Edith Tregay,
being united in marriage to John W.
Hogan. The Rev. William Rader officiat
ed. Miss C. Hoskens acted as bridesmaid,
and C. W. Seeley, uncle of the groom,
was best man. After the ceremony an
elaborate dinner was served to the
guests. The parlors were handsomely
decorated, flowers and evergreens being in
profusion. After dinner Mrs. M. Bonner,
sister of the bride, entertained the ""merry
gathering with a number of her vocal and
musical selections, and Miss M. Hoffman
was quite clever in the rendition of popu
lar songs. : - . - ¦ , ..
'in the evening the young couple depart
ed for Southern California, where they
will spend their honeymoon, returning to
the city about May 1.
Mrs. B. Feldman announces the engaga
ment of her daughter, Ray, to M. Gross
man of this city. A reception will be held
at .the home of the fiance's uncle, M.
Weinsteln, 1023 Golden Gate , avenue, on
Sunday, May 4, from 2 to 5 p. m.
• . • '¦•-
THEY'RE MARRIED.
Miss Rose Loewy and William Cohn will
receive at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Hertzman, 731 Capp street, to-day.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Jules Gerhardt an
nounce the engagement, of Miss : Juliette
M. Mergenthaler to Arthur D. Davidson.
The wedding will take place at noon on
Monday, June 2, at the First English Lu
theran Church, Geary . street, ( between
Gough and Octavia. Owing to the recent
death of the bride's father only the rela
tives and most intimate friends will l»e
present at the wedding breakfast," which
will be served at the home of the brl'de's
sister, 1209 Fulton street.
The engagement Is announced, of Miss
Sarah Rudee, daughter of I. Rudee, a
prominent merchant of this city, to
Robert Salinger, a young business man
of Fresno. . . ; . -,'; »'.
over which Rabbi Levy presides.
Invitations are out for the wedding of
Miss Miriam B. Levy, eldest daughter of
Rev. j and Mrs. M. S. Levy, ' to ' Sol Kahn.
The ceremony will take place promptly at
5 o'clock on Wednesday, April ' 30," at the
Synagogue Beth Israel, on Geary street,
. Mr. and Mrs. Zier announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Ida. to Louis
Goldsmith of Oakland. They will receive
their friends to-day from 2 to 5 at their
residence, 639 Stevenson street: < <
One of the coming weddings of Brooklyn
will be that of Miss Cora Kraemer Run
yon to George Welling Giddings. Miss
Runyon is a native daughter, of Calif ornia,
but for the last six years has been a resi
dent of Brooklyn, New York.
TfiEY'EE ENGAGED.
difficulties of transit. Many of
the fair sex in stunning gowns hayebeen
riding hither and yon . on a lumbering
wagon and j very glad, indeed, to be able
to get about at all. While the functions
f or , charity have been . affected, merry
making in homes and clubs has continued
and altogether the week just closed has
not been exceptionally dull. ¦
/v^r) OCIETY has. been' more-mate
/T "rially affected by the streetcar
lV/y^\ strike the past" week ' than
) would have been expected, and
/fZ^y a . number of functions have
" >/^ been postponed, owing" to', the
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Greenwood have
issued Invitations | for ; a house-warming
party and celebration of the fifteenth an
niversary of their wedding, on May 2, at
their beautiful new home on the golf
links, L:« and Montecito avenues, Oak
land. " Two hundred invitations are out.
The banquet hall, which occupies « about
half of the entire basement of the spa
cious, residence,, will be beautifully decor
ated with* electric lights,' ferns and
flowers. ; ! • .
The.; many .friends of Miss Rose]Wol
mer took possession of her residence, 1115
Washington street, on . Sunday - evening,'
April 20.- The affair. was under the super
vision of several of the members of Bay
City Circle, Companions 6f^ the Forest of
America,^, of .which 'Miss Is ' a
member. Dancing, singing and music was
the order of the evening until 10 o'clock,
when all . adjourned to the dining room,
where supper was served. ,' The hostess
was assisted, in receiving guests by Mrs.'
Roth, Fannie* Wolmer and Joe Fermont.
Those who ¦ attended were: Mr. Joseph
Brackman, Mrs. Roth, Miss T. Godchau,
Miss Godchau, Miss B. Burn, Miss D.
Sllva, Mr. Harris, Mr. . Green, ! Mr ; H.
Green, Miss A. Lasser, Mrs. Worms, Miss
P. Worms, Miss Lewis, Mrs. Wren, Miss
L. Wren,. Mr. G..Sharky, Mr. J. Cleanclf.
Miss R. Wolmer, Miss F. Wolmer, Mr. M.
Wolmer, Mr. N. Wolmer, Miss R. Sll
va. Miss L..Silva, Miss K. Offer, Mrs. N.
Offer; Mr. Grohorsky, Mr. M. Gronorsky,
Mr. - M. : Payser, Mr. A. Payser, Mr. D.
Gronorsky. -;;fS:i : /
A birthday surprise party was given
Ernest 'Ochs by a number of hia friends.;
on Monday evening April 21, at the home
of his parents, 702 Guerrero* street. -The
evening was pleasantly passed with
games - and music. • At > 11 o'clock refresh
ments were served. Among those present
_w.ere Misses J. - Anderson, \ R. . Towle, -C.
Berg, O.\ Wilson, E. Davis, IX. Becker, A.
Fischer,- I. : Anderson, A;" Strohmeier,* E.
Cort, -Li. Snltzler, . E.. Fischer,':' A. 1 Eisler,
M. Elsler, C. Dali; Amy Ochs, Hilda Wag
ner, D. ' B. Ochs, -Messrs. ' S. \ Wagner, j A.j
Ochs, H. Hewelcke, A. Wagner, M. Eis- J
ler.jC. Howarth.E. Wsinser, J. Hess, -W.
Schaf er, - G. Wagner,""; J. |E. Mauerhan,
Mrs. Fischer, Mrs. Wagner, Mrs. Hew-:
elcke, . Mrs. Call, '.Mr. and Mrs. Krasky
and Mr. and Mrs. Ochs. ."
• ; A ; very,', pleasant surprise party was
given " ; ; to ''¦ J. Louis Ubhaus on Monday
evening;- the ; 21st '> ihst., at '.his residence,.
1417 Laguna: street.- : Among those present
v.'ere- the .Misses ; Julia *. Garcia, ; Coneha
GarciaV : Laura Merchant.'. Katie : Edwards,'
Mrs. . Edwards, Mrs. j ET Ward { and Mrs.
K.lUbhaus,\ and Messrs. Ralph Coons,
Adolph '-, Dittmer, - William Dittes, Theo.
Starig, 1 Dave Cushman and J. Louis Ub
haus. '/":" ,-"'¦; ¦ " >'. .- ' ¦"• : - : '¦¦' '¦
¦ ¦ '¦ . .-' ', '.¦ ¦.'¦•• , . • ..':'• "¦•.'¦' , ¦? :'.'"
Aipleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Ethyle Simon \by her friends, at her
home, ; 2731 - Lagruna ;' street, - Sunday,
April 20.; v\ --'..; V
Miss,Leta Saunders, Miss Julita Posades,
Miss Manullta Coif ord. Miss Louise Mar
cus,':-Miss "Martha -Case, Miss Geraldine
Boughman,' Miss .. Marguerite . Goetting,
Miss Helen Hughes, ; Miss Marie Bough
man, "Mis3. Annie Carrier.
• ' ":-.¦' '¦¦'¦¦ ? r . ? ' ?
THE SAN FRANCISCO * GALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902. y
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
33
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham :— I have read with interest your advice to
others so much that I thought I would write to you for I have been
suffering for a long time. This Idid some time ago.'
"Now I can hardly find words to thank you for your wonderful; Vege-
table Compound and advice.
" I was in a terrible state^every part of my body_ ached, was very nervous,
had hysterical spells. I think I would have become insane had H not been for
ILydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Your medicine has cured
me ind I cannot express my thanks." — Miss Hattie DeGboat, Succasunna,
KJ. (March 3, 1901.) - -. ' •
No other medicine in the world has received such •widespread and
unqualified endorsement. • /
No otHer person, can give such helping advice to -women who
are sick as can Mrs. Pinkham, for none have had such a great
experience^ — her address is Lynn, Mass., and her advice free— if
you are sick write her — you 'are foolish if you don't.
"DEitE Mrs. PetkhA-M: — I write this letter for you, to publish for/the
tenefit of poor, suffering women. Lydia E. Pinkham's' Vegetable Com-
pound has done me a great deal of good. I have taken three bottles and feel
like a new vroman. When I began the use of your medicine I was hardly able
to be up ; could not do half a day's work. I ached from, head to foot,' was
almost crazy, had those bearing-down pains, and stomach was out of order.
Kow all of these troubles have left me and I can work every day in the week
and not feel tired.''— Mes. Jeitnie Fbeemax, 402 Pennsylvania Ave., Lima, Ohio.
"I Can Work Every Day in the Week Now."
J \ of CUTICURA SOAP
A (?^©^| < i ill - 1\ *° d«anse the skin at crust* cad
( '\^ I^sSl-I/ m k \ \ scales, and soften the thickened
¦^^•¦^^C-^[''f'\' cutIdc * CUTICURA OINTMENT
f f/Z~\ on » an< * Inflammation, and
y^S!r^i/ \f^Y soptheandhea!;andCUTICURA
-'Op^ RBSjOLypNTPILIAtacooIfBid
"^^\/^ilN^V \ S *-?£ cleanse the blood, and expel
X \]^^v \J humour germs. A SINGLE SET
\^s^$^^* 7. Is often sufficient to cure tho
/ \C^ jC^ r most torturing, dljfisfuringskto,
I \s/ scalp, and blood humours, ecze»
I J//t^*3' mas, rashes, itchings; and Inita*
I lions, with loss of hair, when
a"*^7^5^L * the b«st physicians, and all
(-^^ x other remedies fpuY
MILLIONS USE CIlfiCURA SOAP
Assisted by Cuticcba Ointment, ior j)reserdng, purlfyiag 1 , and beautify-
ing the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff,- and th*
stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough,:
and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchJngs, and chaflnga, and lor all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Millions of Women use Cctictjba
Soap in the form of baths for annoying Irritations, Inflammations, and ex?
coriations, for too free or offensive perspiration, In the form 9* washes for
ulcerative weaknesses, and for many sanative, antiseptic purposes, which
readily suggest themselves to women and mothers. No other medicated
•oap Is to be compared with Ccticuba for preserving, purifying, and
beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. Ifc other foreign or domestic
toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with It for alfthe purposes
of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in One Soap at One
I Price, the best skin and complexion soap, and the BB8T toilet and baby
soap in the world. '- -
I COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT FOR EVEBYUOMOUH
Con»UtlBg-of CvncvTUkBoxr (25a ),to"e!e*sie the «kln of cmatcitad
« H H a MHiK HH^Sa «c«le«, and «of tin the thlekeaed cx»tlclo;CCTicCB;A Oixtxsst (30c.}»
to ioitsntly allay ltcbin;, Inflammation, and Irrtuitloo, and aootb«
: - and heal; aodCtrncrcBA Kbiolvx jit Piixs(25«.V to cool and €$eaoi*
f HE SET 41. theblood. A8iHau8xTUofleaialBei«nttoenre thamost tortsrl^f ,
dUflgaringr, ltchlajf, bnrnfeig, and acaJy»kln, i«lp,«cd blood homonrtv
ntbtm. Itching*, sad irritation*, with low of hair, when mil clao fills. Sold throagbotu tt»
world. Brltlah Depot: 27-28, Charterhoaae 8q., London.. French Depot: 6 Boa da )*- falz.
Paris. Pottzb Dbuo xxd Cbzk. Cosr.. Sola Prop*., Boston, U. 0. A, <n&U «bos$ Xb»JSUa£*
-free, m ¦ 0^2-";
- Ccncoiu Rssolvsht Pau (Chooplata Coated> «T»onoiy» taitBM^oaoMaw* wonoaTctfJ
anbatitnto for the celebrated liquid CtmcrmA RxsoLTtNT, M well aa for all ether blood pttxtfltttV
and bumonr cure*. Each pill It equivalent to one teatpoonfal of Hqald RxsotvsKT. Pnt up lt»
.•crew-cap pocket vial*, containing the tame namber of doses m ft 90c. bottlopf llwiid fl»
soltxnt. price 25c. Cuticitba Piixb are alterative, antiaepttc, tonfc.snddigawhw.ana t>fyontD
question the parest, sweeteit, moat «nce«aafaland.«coaoi3JiealhjOOd.RS!} BkinjB.tSrffltmJajgro^f'
«nres,andtoolc-dlgectiTe9 7etcomponnded. ¦ ' "~"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by.
DK. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoa
buildingr.1170 Marktt street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-20, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaianteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
Brahman Toilet Cream
CURES ECZEMA'. POISON OAK AND , DAN-'
DRUFF.: Sold by J. S. ¦ Potts , Drug ¦ Co.,! 1016
Market street, and other druggists; also at of-
flce of Dr. A: W. Traverse. 1170 Market street.
THE f iLDORF
HAIRDRESSING AND
MANICURING PARLORS
WILL BE OPENED MAY 1st
Missp. hOnig;
Now of ; the ¦, Emporium , Hair Department,
,:. With a* Complete Force , of ; Help. • -, ; . ; ' ." ;
ThankirigUhe .< ladles of S. . F. for! their^kind
patronage ' in'- the - past,' and hoping to^ do', still
better ¦¦ for ' them in:, the future, I remain,
Yours sincerely, ¦ -: ¦ .
p. HOINIG, ;
241-243 Geary Street.
HHSIHHHBBBaiHBHBHBHHMHB EEBaBBBHaflaHEBBBIBBBaS
B * ' ¦ B"T IS
¦ ¦¦ p - ¦.«M^^^^»« R i
S3 w Or Bj • " V* " " ' ¦ \Z S
¦ - - " " M __ '— "' ju " u - '1. ¦ • 83
a -., - y - "¦¦ -; ¦ - -¦- ¦
1 : We willoffer Monday morning- a $10.00 Silk Eton ¦
E at 65.00, and a $12^0 Silk Moire Eton at 6S.50. I
I A $20:00 Eton Suit in blue, black and tan, at b
I $13.50. A I
§ Novelty Suits and Long Bishop Coats, from
1 $15.00 to $T5;00. i
I Large variety of Dress Skirts, from $3,00 to I
S $25.OO. / I
¦ -. " ¦'WBmMKEKEmWmmmtmWmWmmi **
BBBBBaBBMaDlBBaBDEBIHUBUiHaiBflBa BBBBBBBBBBB
Retain Your
Beauty!
You are out of your teens, you are
advancing in years, but it does not fol-
low that your healthy, rosy complexion
of youth must give way. to a dry, sallow,
wrinkled skin.
'By just a little care I can remedy this.
I have made a scientific study of the
skin and its requirements, and if your
beaufy > s marred by
r^^^^w Wrinkles,
Mrs. Nettle Harrison's Fknv 55Lrin '-¦ i-
. LatestiPortrait. -y l J onill » , ;
I can guarantee to 'restore it to its
youthful freshness. \ ONE TREAT-
MENT FREE will be j?iven you, Wfii-
cient ~tc show improvement and estab-
shfaith ia my! method.
FOUR-DAY HAIR RESTORER
Imparts the natural color to gray or faded
hair. Not a dye. No disagreeable after ef-
fects, nor stickiness. < $1 00. \ -. .
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently, removed by the Electric Needle
as operated by me. • •-¦•-.. , ¦ •
LOLA MONTEZ CRBiVIE
Is a skin purifier and tissue builder without an\
equal on earth: It Is a natural skin food. .JGc
jar; lasts three months.
TIM A I Pfl I 7-^dlcs out of town sending
1 niAL XV i this ad. with 10c In stamps
will receive a book of , Instructions - and a | box
of , Lola Montez Creme . • and . Face - Powder
FREE. „
Visit me and see what may be done for you.
Mri. NETTIE HARRISON
;DERMATOLOGIST, '
78-80 Geary St. San Francisco.
In such cases there is one tried and true remedy. I^ydla E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles. The
following letters prove this. They also prove the value of Mrs. Pink-
ham's advice.
Theyare^ beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassi-
tude, excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy,
** all-gone " and " want-to-be-left-alone " feelings, blues, and hopelessness.
Then occur irregularities, suppressed or painful menstruation,
weakness, indigestion, leucorrhoea, general debility, and nervotis pros-
tration.
Men formerly held the positions that women now hold, and while
women's organism is less strong than men's, they are expected to do^the
same work. Their duties compel them to be on their feet from morning
to night, and many of them, in a short tune, contract those distressing
complaints called "female diseases." ' .' . v\
In the vast retail establishments of large cities, many women are
employed as saleswomen.
Employers Should be More Gonsid-
erate. Mrs. Pinkham Asks Tired
Women to Write Her for Advice.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SWrai /S3& /%*&. zSBSSk W% W" Iflll ¥% D% Owing to the fact that some skeptical people
fcf jg 3 BjH m g SJ B 1 Kf fS U B 1 have from time to time questioned the genuine-
P— ." K a S m I p f% r HR §M W* I B ness of the testimonial letters we are constantly
¦^H 01 P 3 B ' I HUHtt nilV publishing we hive deposited with the National
g M 3 I Q I I City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., $5,000, which will
B 1 I i 1 § I te P^ to zxr f P erson w^° ™" show that the above testimonials are not
R P fi S \J5 E Jo reaoice, or were published before obtaininr the- wtiter's special permis-
XgJ TQSp sien.— Lydta E. Pinkham Medicine Company, Lynn, Mm.
\(2egtfe4\
if I &/&s * H
9 Makes Skins Lighter, Clearer, Purer y
I ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES |
M The clear, firm complexion of youth Q
B is "coaxed back" by Anita Cream. H
B Applied at night and removed in H
M tne mornlnfr, thus imparting the full H
K benefits of its medicinal nature. Re- H
n moves Tan. Freckles, Muddiness. B
h Pimples, Moth and- Liver Spots. H
¦ Directions with each Jar. 60c of a
m druggists or of us, prepaid. Bj
I ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY I
y " Jjos Angreles, CaL * ||The gold fields in Swedish Lapland yield
a much higher percentage of gold than
expected. The mines are situated north
of .the . polar circle,' near the frontier of
Finland.
Remember, the championship tennis
tournament at Penryn next Saturday.
Special Pullman train leaves San Fran
cisco at 9 a. m. '
Jackson is said to have an extensive
criminal record, and admits having been
arrested in : nearly * every State In the
Union. He is a known burglar, and the
police claim that he was the most daring
of the thieves who belonged to the gang
that murdered Policeman* Robinson. The
.prisoner, was supposed to have left San
Francisco in company with Goucher, but
could not be induced to say anything of
his companion's' whereabouts.
Jackson told the reporters that he was
a victim of unfortunate circumstances
and had nothing to do with Robinson's
murder. "' He admitted being with the
gang that night, but declared that the
killing of Robinson was entirely unpre
meditated and that he took no part in it.
Jackson is a mulatto, about six feet
tall, with sinister face and stolid manner.
He was arrested at Grants Pass on the
charge of burglary last month, and while
being held a photograph of him was sent
to the San Francisco police department.
It was at once recognized as a likeness of
the man wanted in connection with the
Robinson case. The Oregon authorities
were notified and agreed to surrender the
prisoner. , ' ;
¦ Policeman Charles ..Taylor, arrived last
night from Grants Pass, Or., having in
custody Richard Jackson, alias "Tellow,"
the fifth of the gang of assassins who are
being held for the murder of Policeman
Eugene Robinson on the morning of Jan
uary. 21. Four others are now in the City
Prison awaiting trial for the crime, and
the sixth," "Kid" Goucher, is still at large.
Those- in custody are William Kaufman,
alias "St. Louis . Fat"; Frank Woods,
alias "St. Louis Frank" ;W. H. Hender
son ; John Courtney, alias "Leadville
Jimmy," and Jackson, the latest addition
to "murderers' row."- • . -
Jackson, Alias "Yellow," Is
Brought Back From
Oregon.
Fifth of the Robinson
Murderers \ Landed
"x^ in the Tanka
ONLY ONE LEFT
TO BE CAPTURED
Your < PirBt Duty to Yourself
Is. to look after your own comfort. .. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars. In which are served Ameri
can; Club meals at from 35c . to $1 ? each, ; always
plia«e the traveluig public. ? ; JAY LW. ADAMS.
P. C. P. A.',; 87 ¦ Crocker buUdlng. '- Saa Fraa
cieco. Cal. ¦
. Franklin , Austin, confidential agent ap
pointed by Senator , David Kalauokalani,
president of the Home Rule party and the
Amalgamated: Hawaiian Political. Socie
ties; ', is staying at the Occidental HoteL
He comes to give -a series of lectures to
place before the American people the true
feelings of , the Hawaiian people In regard
to President Dole's' administration.; Mr.'
Austin was I formerly special private | sec
retary ¦ to King . Kalakauaj and- his ; family
have served ¦¦¦, the | , Government \ for i many
years.' He 5 therefor© ' feels ;; himself .com
petent • to speak and 1 truthfully, place j be
fore the ; public the actual, feelings exist
ing among the 'people who have sent him
to America v to represent; them. ;. . i.
Agent Arrives ; From ; Hawaii.
Complaints registered, 7752 ; property.re
covered (.estimated" value), $14,397; letters
received and acted upon, 1798; letters writ
ten. , UPC; 'local arrets, : 843; . fugitive ar r
rests, 94 ; total of arrests, , 937; ¦ sentenced
to Courty Jail,, 92; total of 1 sentences to
County. Jail, < 33 years 6 months; held to
Superior. Court, 124; sentenced :'¦ to State
Ptrson, 47,' total r of ' sentences ¦ to ; State
Prison, 338 years 5 naonths.~ '
Captain of Detectives John F. Seymour
submitted to Chief Wittman yesterday
his second annual report of the detective
bureau from April 17, ' 1901, to April 16,
1902.- During two months of the year the
bureau M-as deprived of the services of
nlije ofllcers, who were detailed for other
duty. Ir, the report'it is stated that, not
withstanding this fact,, there, had been
a substantial increase in the work done
by the bureau over the previous year and
most , of the Important v criminal cases
arising dining the year had been success
fully concluded or were now well along
toward a sat'.sfactc-ry ending. The Chiefs
recent recommendation that the, number
of detective sergeants be increased had
his hearty approval, as the number of of
ficers now . doing j detective , duty was
wholly inadequate to the work required
by the bureau. -
Following is a portlon'of the work done
by the bureau. during. the year:
tive Bureau During the Last
Year.
Increased "Work Done by the Detec-
SEYMOUR SUBMITS HIS -:
SECOND ANNUAL REPORT
Alexander McKay, William McKay, George
B. McKee, Dr. A. W. McKenzie, D. E. Mc-
Kinlay. T. M. McLachlan, C. C. McMahan.
John S. Merrltt, Robert McMillan, Arthur
Meyer, '• W. S. Miller, R. B. Moore, E. M.
Moore, Dr. Thomas Morffew, R. H. Mowbray
C. H. Murphy, R. H. Nagle, W..D. Nicholson,
Burr Noble, C. P. Overton, Mark Parrish, Colo
nel W. R. Parnell, Dr. J. M. Peel, George W.
Perkins, S. H. Perkins, W. T. Perkins, Jacob
Peterson, W. L. Pierce, George K. Porter, John
T. Preddey, H. V. Ramsdell, Theodore Reich
ert, M. Ryan, W. A. Sanders, Carl H. Schmidt
W. H. Scholl, R. H. Sink, George Sinsabaugh'
W. E." Smith. W.H. Smith, W. J. Smith, A.
C. Spoule, J. H. Soper, J. G. Spauldlng Lewis
E. Spear, William D. Stephens, Ed Stephen
sen, J. A. Strachan, • Fred Sowers, A. L.
Spence, E. A. Stevenson, William P. Stinson,
W. C. Stroud, F. W.. Sumner, Henry C. Tab
rett, George Thompson, John Thompson, Thomas
Thomson, H. ! W. Tharp, C. Toohey, Thomas
Trebell, H. L. Trlpp, Charles S. True, Edwin
W- Tucker, Andrew W. Turpin, F. L. Turpin
H. P. Umbsen, Paul Van Loon. Charles H. Van
Orden, Frank J. Veen, E. J. Vogei; John Wag
ner, George C. Walsh, W. F. Waterson, A; B.
von Wefelsburg, J. M. Wllklns, Wallace C.
Wise, George W. Wittman, A. B. Wood, Alex
ander Woodrlch, Dr. A. • S. Wright, C. S
Wright and A. H. Yordl.
. Charles H. Abbott, John R. Aitken, F. M.
Armstrong, George K. Armstrong, Louis Arz
ner. Robert Ash, A. W. Baldwin, F. D. Bates,.
C. J. Bauer, George .W. Bauer, Edward A.
Belcher, C. S. Benedict, John Bennett, John, '
Biller, J. A. Black, Joseph Black, W. J. Blaln,
W. F. Boardman, C. S. Bonney, John Breaner,
John A. Brutton, J. H. Bruce, H. S. Brurier,
Walter N. Brunt, William V. Bryan, E. R.
Bryant. A. E. Buckingham, H.. C. Bunker,
George E. Bushnell, F. W. Buttelman, J. C.
Campbell, W. C. Campbell, R. N. Carson,
Charles H. CaBsasa, George Childs, M. A. C.
Christesen,- G. D. Clark. J. Fessenden Clark,
J. B. Clifford, H. B. Cloak, William Cluft. P.
D. Code, Edward Coleman, Carroll Cook, A.
M. Cox, W. H. Crim, George E. Crothers, T.
G. Crothers, J. B. Curtis. E. B. Cutter, J. R.
Daggett, Frank Dalton, G. L. Darling. B. L.
Davis, R. D. Davis, William A. Davies, Robert
Day, A. S. J. de Guerre, A. J. de Lamare, George
Dletterle, E. T. Dow, George E. Dow, Wendell
Easton, E. S. Edwards, Colonel William Edwards,
William Edwards Jr., C. H. Evans. • George H.
Evans, Marshall Falrfleld. M. J, Fairfleld, J.
H. Fannln, John Farnham, J. A. Ferson, C.
L. Field. J. K. Firth, B. P. Flint, William T.
Fonda, T. L. Ford, T. J. . . Fraser, . Theodore
Frolich, J. B. Fuller, H. M. Furman, \C. L.
Gage. W. S. Gage, George S. Gilbert, H. B.
GlUis. Louis Glass, William Glidemann,
George D. Graham, J.' A. Gray, W. L. Crowell,
R. B. Hale.- Dr. E.'P. Halited, A. Hanselman,
F. D. Hardie, T. V7 Harris, i Dr. R. E. - Hart
ley, C. L. -Haskell, Dr. J. H. Hatch, C. Hell
wig. S. W. Hemenway, S. J. Henry, W. j C.
Heyer, John W. Hoyt, H. C. Hubbard, H. .it.
Hutchings, John B. de Jarnatt, J. R. Jonea,
W. H. Jordan. Thaddeus B. Kent, William D
Keyston, William T. Kibbler, William D.
Knights. - Henry Knust, B. H. Langley, S. ' L.
Lent, George W. Llppman, J. M. Litchfleld,
R. . H. Lloyd, Thomas Lockwood, H. D. Love
land. W. E. Lutz, James Madison, Byron
Mauzy, Samuel D. Mayer, D. H. McEwen
Dr. A. McFadyen.
Invocation, by the prelate; music, orchestra;
"Golden Gate Commandery, Its Past, Present
and Future," proposed by senior paat com
mander present and responded to by H. i D.
Loveland, -commander;- song, "The Gallant
Knight Templar," Sir C. L.. Gage; address,
"He Is of Aee, Ask Him," E. Sir J. C.
Campbell, P. C. ; song, "The Friar of Orders
Gray,'? Sir Walter Campbell; address, "What
a Commandery of 1 Knights Templar Ought to
Be," R. E. Sir Frank W. Sumner, P. G. C;
music, "Cavalleria Rustlcana,", orchestra; ad
dress, "How We Made Our Commandery What
It Is," R. E. Sir John F. Merrill, P. G. C;
song and chorus,- "The Old Oaken Bucket,"
Sir Samuel D. Mayer;' address, "The March of
the Flags," E. Sir Charles H. Murphy, P. C. ;
song, "The Star-Spangled Banner" ; "A Tale
by Our Prelate," Sir P. I>. Code; music, or
chestra; address, "Our Duty to Our Com
mandery,'' Sir Robert Ash; address, "Ideal
Masonry," Sir John R. Aitken; music, orches
tra; address, ,"The Drill Corps," E. Sir Wil
liam Edwards, P. C. ; song, "The Stein Song,"
Sir C. H. Van Orden; "The Grand Com
mandery," response by senior grand . officer
present; toast. "The Ladies," E. Sir, Charles
Li. Field, P. C. ; song, "America," by all
present.
The following Sir Knights attended the
banquet: . . ; l
'Golden Gate - Commandery No.' 16,
Knights Templar, gave Its jj twenty-first
anniversary banquet In Golden Gate ; Hall
last night arid . the affair being j the anni
versary of that organization's fraternal
majority took on added importance. There
were more than 200 members of the com
mandery and several invited guests pres
ent. The . large lower banquet hall was
set ' out "with a ;, number of tables,
which were artistically decorated ' with
crystal and silverware and candelabra
with hundreds of lighted colored tapers.
Before each plate was a souvenir menu
and a sheet of music containing the notes
and words of the . anniversary march,
composed for the occasion by 1*. von der
Mehden and dedicated to Colonel F. W.
Sumner. Each ' had for a frontispiece an
entirely new view of the Golden Ga.te.
Commander H. D.SLoveland presided at
the head table as toastmaster. The re
sponses to toasts were of an unusually
interesting character and of the highest
oratorical order. The following was the
programme given after the discussion of
a most toothsome supper: •, : '..
pleD did Programme of Ora
tory and Music Is
V Enjoyed. ,
of Anniversary.
l-olden Gate Command
ery Holds Celebration
KNIGHTS GATHER
AROUND BOARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902.
'. March, "Hands • Across ' the ;' Sea" -: : (Sousa) ;
overture,- "Rienzl" (.Wagner) ;; intermezzo,
"Badinage"' (Herbert); "Austrian ; Hymn ¦ with
Variations" (Haydn): .' selection,'. "Fauet"
(Gounod''; overture, "Light .Cavalry". (Suppe):
euphonium solo, "Prologue from , Pagllacci ,
(Leoncavallo), Mr.? Walter H.V' Colverd; de
scriptive, ' 'Darkles on the ¦ Plantation' ', (Puer
ner); "Artist's Life -Waltz" \ (Strauss) ;'; selec
tion, "The Fortune- Teller" (Herbert); "Hall
' Paul Steindorff has been appointed fdi-'
rector of the new-park band and will offi
ciate with the baton for the first time this
afternoon at the new bandstand. 'This
announcement wlll.no doubt be a'sburce
pt gratlflcatioiv to music * lovers ( of 'the
city, for Mr. Steindprff holds a position
second to none In their appreciation.' His
record : as leader of the Tivola orchestra'
during a season of grand and - comic
opera, and : his 'direction of the series of
symphonies at , the ; Grand ": Opera-house,
have stamped him as a leader : of excep
tional merit ' and an : indefatigable worker
in the cause ! of music. The new leader
will not make an'' attempt, to regenerate
the musical .' taste : of , the ' people by > pre
sentihg classical programmes, but will ie
lect popular numbers* occasionally. I The
programme for | this afternoon is as ? fol
lows:; "•' '¦'.', . ¦£ -.:'¦'.¦ '¦'/• ¦"•,• ''¦:"'¦';'¦:¦¦
Tirst Programme of New Director
Will Be Bendered This
¦-r i; f Afternoon.
PAUTi STEMTDORFF TO LEAD
BAND AT PARK CONCERTS
34
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
IT'S rUlTNY how so many men act.
They toil, and labor, and struggle,
\
AND 1TEVEB. for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those resid-
ing in this vicinity, when right at their
door lies the playground. Quickly and
cheaply reached.
IF YOU WILL NOT occasionally give
up the dally grind,
DO NOT make your wife and children
continually walk the treadmill,
AT LEAST give them a chance for a
little change of air that will bring some
color to their cheeks. \
PERHAPS then you will find time to
visit them over Sunday,
AND FOKGET yourself as your chil-
dren poke grass down your neck,
and in your nose, and eyes, and ears.
GET OUT once in a while and romp,
BREAK AWAY and give your family a
chance to get acquainted with you,
AND CALL or write for
"VACATION, 1902."
A little book Issued by the CALIFOR-
NIA NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY
COMPANY, giving Camping Locations,
Kotels, Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
long list of Country Homes where board
for the Summer can be secured at from
$6.00 to SS.00 per week.
Ticket offices, 650 Market St. (Chronicle
Building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building. Sansome and California Sts.,
San Francisco.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
H. C. WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
o o
Bartlett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP TOU
to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant. After a short or
lone etay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it wu possible to feel so well.
etronr and vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt. fizh. bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, walk over mountain paths,
¦muse yourselves in hundreds of happy
way*. Tlzne never dree* at Bartlett Springs.
Eend for booklet.
Call or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office. Bartlett Springs.
2 Sutter st.. 8. F. Lake Co., Cal.
o o
CAMF* CURRY!
Gives special rates to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as is shown "by its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, more than one-half of
which were in 1901; 1000 guests are expected
in 1902. Office 11 Montgomery St.; open May 1.
YOSEMITE.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging. Every
comfort and convenience. Tiburon ferry, 7:30
& m.. 3:30 p to. Information of DR. HEN-
6LEE. 807 Sutter st, Phone Sutter 2371, Tour-
ist Information Bureau, 10 Montgomery St., or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. CaL
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Better than ever this year — booklet and full
information at Peck's Information Bureau, 11
Montgorrt-ry Ft., or California and Northwwt-
ern R. R. office. 650 Market St., or John Mar-
tens, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.. Cal.
P! RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
e mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
p>e&aure; huntihg, fishing, boating; fresh
, cream and best of everything. Address
. CARR, Manager. Russian River station,
Duncans Mills. Ca!.
CONCRESS SPRINGS. :
A charming sesort in the Santa. Cruz Mts ;
2 hours from San Francisco; deliehtful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLN'ET. Manager.
HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES,
San Mateo, Cal.. is now under new manage-
ment. Everything first clsss. Cuisine unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling alleys, billiards,
pool, ehuffleboard. lawn tennis, salt water bath-
ing, etc. Rates on application. WREJJN &
EPAULDING. Proprietors.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVK tc WIFE (formerly Mrs.
Leach), Proprietors.
THE CEYSERS.
(Sonoma County.) New management; rcoina
plastered end hard finished; new furniture;
1-ew. private bathhouse; hunting, fishing jear
round; white help only; best livery; cooking
epeclally supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS.
Under Dew manasement. Now 'open for
botlcess. Rates. >8 to >15 per week.
" BROOKSIDE."
Most beautiful resort house in Napa Valley;
1 miles from Calietoga; free carriage; hot and
cold baths; gas.; S. F. references. Send for
pamphlet. Q. W. CUTLER. Callstoga.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Hunting-, boating, bathing, fishing; new
launch and boats, new hotel and cottages, new
tennis court. Send for pamphlet and terms.
O. WEIEMAN. Mldlake. Lake County. Cal.
FOREST HOTEL,
A TWA.
Santa Crux Mountains. Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME. Proo.
* MONG THE PINES.— ALTITUDE 2014 FT.
/\Mc*t healthful climate. Plenty of cream,
fruit, etc. Home cooking. Telephone. Rates
I G and *7 per week. For particulars address
Kobt. F. Warham. Applegate. Placer Co.. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
oi — - — ' . . ... — ¦ — — 19
Week Commencing This Afternoon,
; APRIL 27.
CHANGE OF Bill!
THE FLORENZ
|]RailPE
: ; .- Europe's .Greatest Acrobats.'
THE FIVE NOSSS
¦:.\ Venetian Serenaders.
LOUISE DRESSER"
The Statuesque Singer.
JACK NORWOTTF
Parodist and Monologist. .
Milton IDollie Nobles
In "BILGEVILLE JUNCTION."
WILTON BROTHERS
Comedy Horizontal Bar Experts.
KNIGHT BROTHERS
Singing and Dancing Comedians.
THE BIOGRAPT
,. Showing the Latest Novelties^ •
Last Week of the
PONY BALLET
England's Greatest Dancers.
Parquet,' any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c;
Children, 10c, an" part except reserved.
A few front orchestra rows, reserved,
, '60c; front rows of balcony, reserved,
25c. :
UNION COURSING PARK.
¦ ¦ , .
JNO. GKAOE, Jndgt ; JAS. 7. GBACB, Slipper.
TO-DAY^
SUNDAY - - - - APRIL 27
GLASSOPEN
STAKE.
64- N 0 M I N AT I ON S -B4
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, 10:15
a. m., 11 a.'tn., 12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets, five minutes * later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. -, San Mateo electric cars every six min-
utes. "-¦ Extra train will leave Third and Towns-
end streets at 2 p. m.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE. j.
:Ma|or»p Desirable lt>cation»
1 Ulllvv unsurpassed cujsine.
¦'? : ' j u h e q u a 1 e d ser-
/Hin vice an d modern
:»»UU ; conveniences are the
* ' -. attributes that ' have
(f f a f|/l made 'these two ho-
UiailU tels popular with
«j - | ¦¦'¦ tourists; and ; travel-
iIATAIc ers who visit' San
llUlvld Francisco;:"
ATTENTIONS
GRAND OPENING OF THE ! . ,'
NEW CHUTES
Fulton Street and- Tenth Avenue. '
MAY DAY.
A Host of New Attractions on the Grounds
> ..-. and in the- Magnificent Theater,'
Seating 4000 People.
SPECIAL FEATURE.:
Col. Edward Beaupre,
THE FRENCH GIANT.
Absolutely the Largest Man on Earth. Seven
Feet Ten and One-Half Inches In
His Stockinss.
ADMISSION.' 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
. i
FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and PoweU sts.
Telephone Main 231.
•WHO . - I HAVE '
WOULD I THOUGHT IT.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
BEGINS ITS 4TH WEEK TO-MORROW—
: MONDAY NIGHT.
Box-office line always two blocks long.
- Many new specialties Introduced weekly.
Our wonderful cast — Kolb, Dill, , Bernard,
Blake, Hermsen, Amber, Coleman, Kellar,
Hope,' Emerson and that • "Daisy" chorus.
If you cannot come phone- for seats — Main 231 —
Write it in your hat.
Reserved seats, night 25c and COc. •
Children at matinee, 10c. ' -
IXTRA
SPECIAL MAY-DAY MATINEE
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, MAY 1ST.
. ¦ Reserved Seats 25c Anywhere. '
Children at Matinees, 10c.
SEATS NOW READY.
COLUfySlllfa LEADING THEATBI
Powell st.,, near Market.
Beginning MOlVrfcAV
TO-MORROW l*»V/ilUA\ Y . ,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. N. C. . "
GOODWIN
. .MISS MAXINE
ELLIOTT
In Their Greatest American and London
-.' . Success, | i .
WHEN WE i:
WERE TWENTY-ONE.
Presented with All the Original Knickerbocker
- - ..;. Theater; (N. Y.) Accessories. ¦
pnifGC Evening— $2, $1 50, $1, 75c, BOc, 25c.
rnlCCj Matinee— <1 50. $1, 75c. 50c , ¦
.' FAREWELL SARDOU REVIVAL.
* TO-DAY — MATINEE AND EVENING, \_-
"LA TOSpia."
Week' Beginning TO-MORROW./ (MONDAY)
- '¦ •¦';.: ¦ •- EVENING. ¦ \ ,¦
EDWARD HARRIGAN
•'/ ¦ America's'- Greatest ¦ Author- Actor. \v
< "' In Mr. Harrlgan's Celebrated Comedy,
OLD LAVENDER.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c/ 15c, v 25c.'- 50c, 75c.
. : Good : Orchestra Seats All ¦ Matinees, A 25c. .
' :. MATINEE : TO-DAY— iOc." 15c. 25c.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME J OF "
A CHILI) OF FORTUNE
pnifCC Evenings I ".:..... ..10c to 50c
fHlWCD ;. Matinees ..;.".. :.....:. 10c, 15c. 25c
TO-MORROW EV G— Most Gorgeous ! Spec tacu-
¦ 'lar Melodrama Ever Seen. in This City,., •
THE ORIENT
¦ '¦ '.^ New: and Up-to-Date Specialties. ! , ;
'Appearance of : the '¦ Brilliant Acto^, . EARLB
BROWNE., ¦ \-
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
A Positive Cure for Stomach, Liver and Kid-
ney Troubles. Not what I eay. but what the
people say.
RECOMMENDED BY THE LEADING PHY-
SICIANS OF CALIFORNIA.
SEND FOR BOOK OF TESTIMONIALS.
Elevation, 3300 feet.
Rates, $10, $12 and $14 per week.
Tickets at S.'p. office, foot of Market street,
direct to- the Springs. .
DR. W. R. PRATHER, Proprietor.
L. LEBENBAUM & CO., 222 Sutter street.
S. F. Agents for Adams Springs water.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3}i Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments Impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
flshine and greatest rod and reel records
known; .the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats - and'. Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing:; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Danciner. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY. 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles; or E. C. PECK, Tourist Information
Bureau, 10 Montgomery street, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. . .
r\ is ti r%r%e\ H0T springs, sono-
•Sa MliliS ma COUNTY; only 4^
U/l/ll/VU hours from San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles"
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath In State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both moraine, and atter-
roon' stages; round trip from S.in Francisco
enly $5 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
cr 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only.' Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the, past seven years. Patronage of. 3001'
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office, 121 Phelan bldg.; Tourist Information
Bureau, 10 Montgomery st. ; also at Traveler
office. 20 Montgomery st, or of J. F. MUL-
GREW. Skaggs, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointel hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor, Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery st., or write R. C. Cal-
houn. Proprietor. . ¦ V
fAMP TAYIftR HOTEL, camp cottages
Vamr 1A1LUU and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottaees ; 75 rms.:
Santa Cruz, Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 10 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long dist. phone. Fred Barson, Prop
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
Boncifonte drive, 6 miles from Santa Cruz;
daily mail, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA, SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.
ANNADALB FARM. Santa cruz
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN, Los Gatos Postotfice, Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose, Cal.
' One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
sage, X-ray. Write for literature.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort is located in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, 6 miles from Capitola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB, Soquel. Cal.
KING'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms, $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING, Cazadero. .
f>RAND CENTRAL HOTEL, Guernevnic.
vl Cal. — New management; thoroughly re-
fitted and improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH, Quernevllle. Cal.
STAGE LINES AND LIVERIES.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO— Through tin
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's, Wurr's,
Bellvale, Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
K,' tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train, 3d
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Jobs
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.,
PESCADERO^-San Mateo : and Pescadero
stage line, via Half moon Bay and San
Gregorio, daily all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
ASHION, STABLES, UKIAH AND Wl£
lits — Tourists, campers, hunters, write J.
H. Smith, Ukiah. Smith & Taylor, Willits, ; for
any kind of a turnout.- ' :v ¦ • , . ¦ •
GILROY Fashion Livery: good service; reas.
rates. Ofc. Gilroy Spr. stage: H. Mayock. -
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-class rigs. Reasonable prices. •'••¦"..'
SANTA CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stables. Styl-
Ish rigs. Reasonable prices. ¦ -. .
HIBIBBIMBHHIBUIBBflBBBBIBIIBIBBBBBaBBaiHB!
B HIGH GRADE
I TAILOR-MADE GARMENTS
¦1 . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -jC-JL» mLm • ¦ ¦ •
h r^I IT RATES.
I GOLDEN GATE
j CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
S 150 tailor-made 'Suits, assorted colors, in Cheviots, Vene-
J tians and Broadcloth; the real value $22.50; Q | C f| f|
g this week they go at...., : OUiUU
i 100 Novelty Suits in blacks, blues and browns; elaborate
§ new styles; extra styles in. skirts; the real QQH flfi
g value $27.50; we shall cut them to OZUi UU
§j 100 High-grade Novelty Suits; elegantly trimmed; very ne.w- A ft — - ft
a est cut; all shades: with drop silk skirts; true value ,W # HI I
H $37.50; our price fcltUU
H 20 Grand Model Suits, perfection of high-class $fl,(l $50 $RQ
¦ MOUtE ANTIQUE JACKETS, new cut, $Q E(l Slfi $(9 £(1
"Kimono sleeves, at.. v UldU "lU^ULlUU
¦ Novelty Moire Antique Long Coats, fancy \jh - Ol f Ril S/il
| trimmed, at V W "lllUU V £U
f SPECIAL,.
B Tan and Black Jackets with Silk Reveres; satin faced; real Cjj Of]
B value $7-50. Our price........... •••:'"
j Tan, Castor and Black Jackets; silk lined; the newest spring \7 hfj
H styles; real value $10. Our price. ** **
¦ 100 Extra Quality Black Venetian and Cheviot Skirts, strictly $5i00
g tailor-made; extra good value at $6.50. Special at vw ww
¦ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BWHHraraawMM;
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATUBDAY AT 2 SHARP! .
HOME OF AMERICA'S REPRESENTATIVE
COMIC OPERA COMPANY,
Now Presenting Alice Neilsen'a Sterling
Success.
Written by SMITH AND HERBERT.
Monday. April 2Sth. FOURTH WEEK.
COME AND GET YOUR FORTUNE TOLD.
SITTINGS NIGHTLY, IF YOU ARE EARLT.
FILLED with BEAUTIFUL MUSIC and
SPARKLING WIT.
Coming — The Great Companion Opera,
THE SINGING GIRL.
NOTICE THESE j
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60e and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.'
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
MAT1NEE~TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
Sydney Rosenf eld's Beautiful Comedy*
THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c. 75o
TO-MORROW EVG — ALL NEXT WEEK.
The Most Novel of Unique French Farces,
THE LASH ;
OF THE WHIP
It has convulsed London. Paris and New York.
May 6— "When the Heart Was Young."
STARTING WITH THIS EVENING.
«,™~, MATINEB SATURDAY. j I
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting the Very Latest of ' Pronounced
Stare Successes,
THE STARBUCKS
By Oiile Read.
SEATS READY.
Next — "UNDER THE RED ROBE "
SEATS THURSDAY.
si^ Racing
¦*^P" Every Week Day—
•» Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m an*
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m..
with trains stopping at the entrance to" tS-
track. Last two cars on train reserved /or
ladles and their escorts; no smoking Brnr vnn>>
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. . All traina via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenut
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oax
land. Also all trains via Alameda mof« con
nect with San Pablo avenue cars af Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes
- Returning — Trains leave the track at 4-13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the las'
race. • ¦ . ••....-•- 7T
/..THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
AERO CLUB
.. ''Of San Francisco.
SHERMAN. & CLAY HALL. 22a Sutter Street.
MONDAY. April 2Sth. 8 p. m.
An, Excellent Programme Will Be Presented.
Airship- in Operation on the Stage.
SINGLE TICKETS, 50e. "
Tickets Admitting • Two, With One Share of
Stock. $1.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMINO TANK.
CROQUET. TENNIS. Regulation BowllnK Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person In room, "email hotel". $10 per week
Two perrons in room, "small hotel' '.$18 per week
One person in room, "cottages"... $11 per week
Two persons Jn room, ' •cottages". .$20 per week
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL"
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"... •
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families" desiring to remain by the month.
For. illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 10 Montgomery, or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery at., or write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER, Highland Springs, Lake
Co.. Cal.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Will open on THURSDAY. MAY 1st.
The finest sanitarium on the Pacific
Coast. New hotel, with every modern
Improvement and convenience.
These famous waters and hot min-
eral and mud baths are a sure cure for
Rheumatism and Malaria.
Write for further information to
Manager Byron Hot Springs, Contra
Costa County, Cal.. or call on Lom-
bard & Co., room 30, 36 Geary st., city.
PASO ROBLES H
1-"/"vt~% Nature's own selec-
rllW tion for a health and
* V»l\ pleasure resort bt-
vv _, . _ p_ v . cause of the curative
Ytf* A I Trf properties of its mud
lljjfiljl ** and sulphur baths for
rheumatism, insom-
A Mil nia, gout, neuralgia.
. liver.kldney and blood.
diseases. Has every
T\T T2 A OTTT\EJ natural advantage for
PLcASUitt: ya^sgaas:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F., A$t.
All Ft All Water, Climate.
I'll £)I1Y Scenery and Table
IvBI Inlll unsurpassed. Trained
UlLf' \1 I Masseur, Campers'
w ? "" ' *» * Paradise. Good
"""^"^¦¦^"""^'"'^^ Hunting and Fish-
ing.
Ha ana Train leaves Third
|1| ind Townsend streets
I i I at 9 a. m. and 2:45
.___ For pamphlet an-j
rates address
SPRINGS * =r
Ul lIHlUlJ Gilroy Springs, Cal
JEIU SPRINGS, NAPA CO.
Offers more inducements than any rem.rt,
chiefly among them Is the large SWIM-
MING TJftiK. filled with
NATURAL HOT MINERAL WATER.
A pictorial Booklet to you for the ask-
ing, including rates. Address
EDWARD L. SANFORD. Manager.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART,
Proprietor.
fl ROWARDEJVNAN
California*! prettiest mountain retort. 5on»cnlr S
booklet free. B. Dickinson, Mgr., Ben Lomond a
CjI., or Peck'* Information Barcao, n Montg. B
ORCHARD SPRINGS i&HH
Ii th» r<W-vilU of the Sierra Nrradk MoueUici, ntrnr Colfm, on
C. P. R. R^ 116 rollr i from S»n Fr»ndico. - No lUffing Plain
<jol«t retrnt; f i>«t Kenenr, water, motrataia air, frnit and rfinatt
fc California. Idaal forett. rmondi anil nrrmmdlDet. |! a wetk
6esd In Uwklct. ORCHARD SPRINGS, Coifai, Cal.
-WHITE COTTACES. .
Howell Mountain: altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry: delightful family resort; daily
mall; croquet; rer. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $8 per week. Write 1
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. orS.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$110. Telephone; many improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor,
Agua Caliente, Cal. !
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 00 per day; $10 to $14 per
wejk. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st
or address EDSON BRO8.. Beswick. Siskiyou
County. Cal. , ...
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
Near the ocean. Fishing in only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. ?2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI, Prop.,
Purlsslma, San Mateo Co., Cal. .
VPpHY SPKINGS-3 miles from Uklah.
? Mendoclno Co. Natural tlectric . waters
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous How of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, -fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO., Props. .
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable in Lake
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnrsla an-i
arsenic; wonderful cure* of rheumatism ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles- new
gymnasium, bowline alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets. S. p. : office.
$8. J. A. MATS. Prop. . , .- ;
HOTEL DE REDWOOD— Santa Cruz Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $8 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 50. M.S
COX. Laurel, Santa Crus County. - Information
at Peck's Bureau, 10 Montgomery st. • •EASTERN MARKETS.
. : IX>NDON," 'April •» 26.^—Consula, ;¦ 94% ; silver,'
2T 13-l£d ; I French ' rentee, S 100f 1 9Oc ; • cargoes : on
passage, easier and neglected. ,
i.tvtt.rpoot^ >r>rii 2fi.— Wheat, quiet; No.
Fore ign Markets,
. . .,' ;¦:,.! ¦¦//.'"" ,. , : ¦ '• ¦ \'\
. PORTLAND,' April 26.— WHEAT— Nominal
Walla -Walla.) 65%c; Blue Stem, 66c. ! - .-¦¦: , ,'
Northern Wheat Market.
'' Fine . Ranch Eggs ¦ have again moved up a
fraction, I but I there Is I an unusual • proportion of
poor >¦ stock -on j- the : market •. and '..-. It continues
weak and 'hard to move. -Dealers, are at a loss
to , account ' for so much , inferior . stock, unless
¦ ¦ Dealers have : been ; forced '; to packing
Butter ! In • order ; : to keep ;¦: the : ; ; surplus ¦ down,
though '• they : dislike t to do it at present- prices
and ' are : not \ packing , any more than '; they can
help* But ' it;, is a case pf pack or stand and
see - the : floors , fill • up. ;,V The feeling is very
: There is nothing new: in Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and 'Eggs.
FOR SATURDAY, /APRIL 26.
Flour, qr ska... 10.114 Straw, tons .... 5
"Wheat, ctls .'. . . : 2,625 Wool, bales ' . . .- 1 373
Barley, ctls .... 4.130 Tallow, ctls .... 227
Oats, ctls ..... 2,175 Pelts, bdls ..... 1,067
Rye, sks-......." 360 Sugar,- ctls 1,43^
Beans,, sks ..... -400 Hides,. No....:. ,\ - 375
Potatoes, sks ... l,373[Quicksilver, flskg \\ 25
Onions, sks ...'.. 12!LJme, , bbls S64
Bran, sks ...... 1,405 Leather, rolls .'. ' SO
Middlings," sks. . 760 Wine, gals r". . . 10.7S0
-Hay, tons J......' 313 ! Powder, car. .V.. • 1
; :'\\ .•' OREGON.
Flour! : qr sks :..- 1,7171
Receipts 'of Produce.
New York Grain and Produce^
NEW , YORK, April 28.— FLOUR- Receipts,
23,264 barrels; exports, 35,000; dull and ; unset-
Lead was steady and unchanged at $4 12%
Spelter ruled steady at $4 42%. ; » "
Iron was firm and unchanged.
. NEW ; YORK, April 26.— Trade in ' all de
partments was slow.' to-day. l Prices . were ¦ un
changed, t Tin on spot closed at $27 : 80@27 85.
Copper was', steady with i, lake ; on spot at
$11 87'4!8!12 10; electrolytic ... and - casting at
$11 50@12 ; standard | copper for immediate ' de
livery was quoted at $11@11 35, and for June-
July delivery at $11 05Q111 25. r. • : ,j«
New York, Metal Market.
I LONDON.' April 20.— Wool is firm in all 1 de
partments. Buyers are operating slowly .as
holders generally are : asking full . rates to a
ellKht advance. . The arrivals I of wool for the
third, it series • of auction > sales number 353,344
boles. Including 134,000 forwarded direct. ¦ *
London Wool Sales.
Continued on Page Thirty-nine.
NEW YORK, April 26.— The cotton market
opened steady with near months B tp 8 points
lower and' far months unchanged .to 3 points
lower. ' At the lower price commission houses
and the room i trader appeared as eager buyers
and soon July had worked back to 9.44c and
August to 9.20c. 1 : ¦
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 26.— To-day*« stock mar
ket was rather quiet and gave very little evi
dence of the activity of the large speculative
forces which have kept up the animation of the
market during the week. Pennsylvania and
New York Central were the only conspicuous
etocks to show sustained strength with some
.mpathetlc influence on the stock. °r subsid
iary or allied companies. The 12 point rise In
New York. New Haven and Hartford was sup
posed to have some connection with the
etrength of the two principal trunk line stocks.
There were eharp advances in a number of in
dustrials and specialties, which had no appar
ent connection and were not explained by any
new development. The bank statement proved
closely In accord with yesterday's preliminary
estimates and was accepted as favorable, but
the attempt to make realizing jsales on the ex
pectation that demand for stocks would be at
tracted by the etatement found a yielding mar
ket and prices were carried downward in many
important stocks to below last night's level.
Ye«erlay'« support for the United States Steel
ptocks was lacking and those stocks were heavy
throughout. The Grangers seemed somewhat
affecu-d by the firmer tone of the grain mar
kets Th<re was no eequt! to yesterday's spurt
in Southern Railway and that stock sagged
until the close. The closing generally was
active and ta«y. The nesslon of the committee
having in hand the attempted settlement of the
anthracite miners' demands waa a repressive
Influence on speculation, but the tone of • the
market earned chiefly flue to the disposition of
operators to take a whole holiday. Instead of a
half fcoltday, after the considerable activity
and excitement of the week.
Witb thf? period of the srrowth of the winter
wheat crop end th« . approach of the seeding
period for corn and tprlng wheat, ¦ the stock
ir.2ik«>t this week ha« reflected the importance
attached to the crop prospects a* outlining the
hope of continued prosperity for the whole
country. I The remarkable weather early In the
-week And the absence of moisture turned the
price of stocks downward and there was ¦ no
-"nreci&ble tallying tendency until the reaction
New York Stock Market
NEW YORK. April 26. —^The imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the -\ port - of : New
Ycrk for the week ' are valued at $10,912,840.
Exports of specie from this port to all coun
trifts for this week aggregate $435, 088 silver
and $20,017. gold. . :
The imports of specie this week were $17,
499 gold and $13,333 silver.
Exports and Imports;
SUGAR — The Western Sugar rteflnins Com
pany quotes as follows, | per pound. - In 100-lb
bags : Cubes. A, . Crushed and Fine- Crushed
4.50c;- Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, •• 4.25c: -Fruit Granulated 4 25c*
Beet Granulated. (100-lb bags only),' none*
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.S5c*
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, -3.65c; "D." 3 55<s'
barrels, 10c more; > half-barrels. 25c more'
boxes. 50c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c;- boxes "
5c per lb. No order taken, for less than 78
barrels or Its equivalent. .
COAL OIL — Water White Coal, Oil In bulk
13Vft@14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral 20c :
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene'
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk 16c*
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14Uc; in
cases,; 21c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c- in
cases, 26%c. .
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c In drums and iron barrels.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $6" 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Walla
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. -; "Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton,
according to brand. ¦ . , j ¦
• OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases. No.
1, 70c;- pure, • $1 20; Linseed Oil, in bar
rels, boiled, 78c; raw, -76c; cases. Be more;
Lucol. tiSc for boiled and 66c for raw, in bar
rels; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, barrels.
00c: cases, 95c; China Nut. 57%<@68c per gal
lon; pure, Neatsfoot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure. 65c; .Whale OH, natural white
4vH05Oc per gallon; Fish OH, barrels. 42 %c;
cases 47 %c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63 %c for
Ceylon and 58%c for Australian. • *,-. J*
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; Saa
Quentin. 6.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c. " ,
General Merchandise.
The Financier says: , The official statement
of the New York Associated Banks for last
week showed an increase of $3,325,500 in cash
of which $761,600 constated of • specie ana
$2,563,900 legal tenders. This increase of cash
is only $811,200 below that, which was esti
mated from the traceable movements of money
during the week, the estimated sum being
$4,136,500. In the nrevlous week there was a
difference between the estimated and the offi
cial gain of $1,173,900. the latter being $860 100
while the former was $2,034,000. This wide
difference, it was then believed, Indicated that
the statement was made on rising averages
which belief, it now appears, was most likely
correct. Therefore it- would seem that the
bank returns of • last week reflected ! conditions
as regards cash more closely than has been the
case. The cash movement was • well distrib
uted throughout the week,- money coming from
near-by points .in fair amounts each day at
tracted by the opportunities for employment In
the New York market, and It seemed to be evi
dent that the monetary tide had , quite de
cidedly set toward this center, not only from
neighboring cities, but. from all . parts of the
country. The loans were decreased $1 097 300
making $13,820,800 since April 12,. inclusive'
during which period stock transactions were
in large volume. .-: The reduction in loans last
week appears to reflect continued conservatism
on the part. of our banks.. The requirements
of stock commission houses have, however
been largely met with offerings from country
banks, chiefly at the West, who .: have freelv
loaned the balances with their New York cor
respondents: . also that the Stock Exchange
borrowers . have been able to obtain all ¦ the
money they needed elsewhere than from I the
local banks or trust comnanles. The denosits
were Increased last week $1,772,400. The state
ment Is therefore out of harmony, the gain In
cash less the loss in loans calling ; for an In
crease in "deposits of $2,228,200. The required
reserve was augmented by $443,100 which
amount deducted from the . grain in cash" of
$3,325,600 leave. $2,882,400 as the Increase-nur
plus ¦ reserve. :*Thl« Item now stands at SO 401 .'
050. against $16,759,775 at the corresponding
date last year. The cash changes by Individ
ual bank* were comparatively email during the
week. Nine Wall-Ftreet institutions showed a
net gain, of $2,200,000, two df this number In
dicated an Increase of. M.100.000 and one a de
crease pf $1,400,000. i. The bunk clearings for
the week were nearly $2,000,000,000, an Increase
of *3ti0, i 10, oxu*
NEW YORK, April 26. — The j statement of
the 'Associated Banks for the week ending'to
day shows: Loans, $893,394,100; decrease,
$1,097,300. Deposits, $954,546,600; increase
$1,772,400. - Circulation. $30,970,300; decrease
$6600. Legal tenders. $75,003,700; increase
$2,653,900. Specie. $174,094,000; increase, $761,
600. Reserves, $248,097,700; increase, $4,825
400. Reserve required. $238,630,650; Increase,
$443,100. , Surplus, $9,461,500; increase, $2 882 •
400. . . .
Associated Banks' Statement.
CHICAGO, April 26.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1200. Nominal. Good to prime steers, $6 80®
7 05* poor to medium, $4 75@6 50; stockers
and feeders, ?2 7505 60; cows, $1 50@6; heif
ers $2 50@3 25; canners. $1 50(^2 50; ? bulls,
$2 '50@5 60; calves, $2@5 30; Texas fed steers,
85 50@6 50. ;• = ''. , ' . •¦ ¦¦¦¦-> '•'. -'-.'"; ¦'
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 10,000; Monday. 42,
000; left over, 4500; 6@10c lower... Dull. Mixed
and butchers $6 80@7 20; good to choice heavy,
$7 10®7 35; rough heavy, $6 85@7 10; light,
$8 70<f6 90' bulk of sales. $6 95@7 10.
SHEEP— Receipts,' 10,000. | Fteady. Good to
choico wethers, ¦ $6 40 ; fair to ¦ choice . mixed,
*4 75@5 40; Western sheep, $5@0 40; lambs,
$1 75@6 60; Western lambs, • $4 25@6 50;.wool
ed) Colorados. about $7.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. , High. Low. Close.
Atchison ... -4,800 81:% sirz 81%
Atchison pfd -. 800 93% 98% 9s£
Bait & Ohio 1.800 109% 108% 108%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 95 95 95
Canadian Paciflc .. 5.400 12»% 128% 128Vi
Canada Southern . 600- 93 02% 92
Chesa & Ohio .... 4,400 48% 48 48
Chi & Alton 500 38 37% 37%
Chl&Altonpfd 7V 4
Chi Ind & Louis... 1,500 72% 71% 71%
Chi Ind & Lpfd... 300 82 82 82 XI
Chi & East Illinois. - 1,55
Chi & Great W... 6,600 26% 25% 26
Chi & O W A pfd. ™- Bgtl
Chi & G W B pfd. 47
Chi & N W . 1,100 253 253* 263
Chi R I & Paciflc. . 700 174 173% 173%
Chi Term & Trans. 200 20% 20% 20=5
Chi T & T pfd.... 100 88 , 38 38%
C C C & St Louis. 1,100 106% 106% 10<J
Colo Southern .... 400 31% 31 31
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 73% 73%- 73 U,
Colo* South 2d pfd. 200 45% 45% 45ii
Dela & Hudson ... 700 176% 176 175
Dela Lack & West. ' 286
Denver & Rl» G. . . 400 43% 43% 43%
Denver & R G pfd .... 92%
Erie / 6,800 40 39% 39'ii
Erie 1st pfd 1,300 70% 70% 70%
Erie 2d Dfd 400 55% 55 65%
Great North pfd... 100 185 180 184
Hocking Valley ... 400 84% 84 84
Hocking Val pfd.. 500 02 91% 91%
Illinois Central 1,800 148% 148 147%
Iowa Central 100 48% 48% 4d%
Iowa Central pfd 87%
K C Southern 26%
K C Southern pfd. . 200 60% 60% 60
Lake Erie & W .... 68
Lake E & W pfd 129 -
Louia & Nash .... 3,000 129% 128% 128%
Manhattan L 1,300 135% 135% 13CVi
Metropolitan St Ry 400 152% 152% 152%
Mexican Central .. l.OOa 29% . 29% 29%
Mexican National . 2,007 20 19% 20%
Minn & St Louis... 100 112% 112% 112%
Missouri Paciflc .. 4,800 101% 101 100%
M K & Texas 100 25% 25% 25%
M K & Texas pfd. 2,600 66 08 55%
N J Central .... 190
N Y Central 47.600 162% 160 162%
Norfolk & West.. 3,800 69% 69 BD
Norfolk & W pfd. 100 ,90% 90% 90
Ontario & Western. 7,000 35% 1 85 35
Pennsylvania .. .. 11.900 162% 151% 152%
Reading ... ...... 22,600 67% 00% 66%
Reading 1st pfd... 1,000 87 86% 80%
Reading 24 pfd "3,700 73% ; 72% .72%
St Louis &. S F 69 .
St L & S F let pfd .... .... 83%
Bt L & S F 2d pfd. 400 74 74 . 73%
Et Louis S W .... 28%
St Louis S W pfd.. 500 61 Gl 60%
St Paul 7,800 170%. 100% > 163%
St Paul pfd ,...190
Southern Pacific .. 3.200 C8 67%. .67%
Southern Railway. 47, R00 38«V . 87% 37%
Southern Ry pfd.. 600 96% . »n 96
Texas & Pacific .. 600 43% 43% 43
Tol Rt L & West. 300 23% 22% 22%
To! St L& W pfd. 600 40% 40% 40%
T'nlon Pacific 18,700 lOfl ' 105% , 106U
rnlon raciflc pfd.. 500 88 RS 87%
Wabash .2,400 27 26% 2fi%
Wabash pM. \' 1.400 4.".% 45% 45%
Wh««l«ri« & L E.\ BOO . 21%* 21%; - 21V,
W-& \j EM pfd.A '• BOO . 35 34% .14
Wisconsin Central. \2,?!00 2*l% 20% 2B%
Wls Central pfd... \600 49% 48% 48%
Kxpress Companies—* - * .
Adams ••• •••• ......205
American". •• ••••• l •••• «••• 223 \.
NEW YORK, April 26.— The Commercial Ad-'
vertlser's London financial cablegram says:
Stocks , were quiet to-day, "but the . tone was
still satisfactory. Investment shares hardened
and American issues' were inclined to hesitate
and wait for the appearance of the New York
bank statement. Prices improved somewhat
toward the close, with' Atchison the sole fea
ture. Copper stocks were firm.
Gold to the amount of £22,000 in bars ha<<
been bought and £67,000 has been received
from Australia.
LONDON. April 26. — Hops, Paciflo Coast,
firm. £3 15f@£4 15s. J
London Market.
Wheat — • May. July.
Opening ....... 6 1% 6%
Closing ..: 6 1% 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— April. . ' Sept.-Dec.
Opening/...... ..2190 20 80 •
Closing ....22 10 20 35
Flour— , , , ¦ •"- ¦¦'' .
Opening ........26 80 26 25
Closing ........26 85 26 30
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure ha« fallen slowly over Cali
fornia and rapidly over the Sierras and east
ward. An extensive disturbance is developing
ever the intermountain region.
The temperature has fallen on the coaet north
of San Francisco and has risen in the San
Joaquin Valley.
No rain has fallen in California. Showers
art- reported in Oregon and Southern Idaho
Forecast ma<3« at Ban Prancleco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 27. 1902:
Northern California— Fair Sunday on the
coa«t. cloudy in the interior; brisk westerly
* Southern California— Cloudy Sunday along
the coast, fair in the interior; . brisk westerly
* Nevada— Cloudy, warmer Sunday; brisk
B °sSi"FrlncU n co >! and vlc!nlty-Falr Sunday, be
cominir cloudy during the day; warmer; brisk
western ad - ALEXANDER G . McADIE.
Forecast Official.
'. Receipts of California Poultry were light and
young stock was In ; demand" at steady , prices.
Old stock continued dull,,wlth plenty. of East
ern and local on 'hand. .There were 5 cars of
Eastern Poultry placed on the market during
the past week ¦ and • there are 1 2 • cars on • hand
now ; for to-morrow's market. - • ¦ . • •
¦•-• Receipts . of Game .were, 14 ' sacks ; and the
market -cleaned up without difficulty. . ) ...
' POULTRY — Live Turkey?, . 13@l4c ; for
blers ! and ¦ 15@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 506)1 75; • Goslings, $2 25(?2 50; Ducks, $4 50
<k.S for old ' and $7@8_ for young; Hens, ?4©
6 60; "young Roosters - $6 50@8; ; old 'Roosters,
$4 25@4 50; Fryers, $5@6; Broilers, $4@4 60 for
Tame and $2@3 50 for small ; - Pigeons-, $1 50®
1 75 per dozen for old and $2<g;2 25 for Squabs
¦¦ GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; ", Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 tor Brush; Gray Geese, $2 50
®3- White Geese, 75c@$l; -Brant. $1 25 for
small and $2 for large; English ; Snipe, $2 50
@3; Jack, Snipe, ,<1 50. ..; - .'. ... ~
Poultry and Game.
h VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
S2 60@2 75 per box, - $2@2 25 . for No. 1 and
$1 5001 85 ¦ for :No." 2; Rhubarb. 50@75c per
box; extra fancy. 85c@$l; Green Peas, 75c@$l
per sack; String Beans, from Los Angeles, 10
@17%c per lb, » including Wax; 1 Cabbage, 50®
65c per = ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25@2
per box and crate; Mexican i-Tomatoes, 60c@
$1 25 per box;'; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb:
Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@
20c per lb; Carrots, ',75c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 35@75c tfer dozen for small and
$1@1 25' for large; Garlic; 2@3c ; Los • Angeles
Green Peppers, 17% @20c; Mexican do, 8@10c;
Egg Plant, from Los Angeles, 17%^20o; Sum
mer Squash, from Los Angeles, > $1@1 50 ; Mar
rowfat'Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, ' $15@20; Mushrooms, I nominal.
'. ONIONS — Oregons, $2 25®2 65 for the best
and $1 50®2 for lower grades; Nevadas. $2 50;
Australian, $3@3 50, -¦', second hands; Green
Onions, . 25@40c per box. ' . •
I POTATOES — New Potatoes, 2@2%c per lb;
old, $1 85@1 00 for. Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks. $1 65@1 90;: Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 G0@l 75; (River Reds, $1 B0@l 60;
Early, Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 65; Oregon Bur
banks. for seed, 51 25@>1 55; ; Sweets, for
Merced.' '.' ¦'.-: ... - ¦¦ ; •'¦.•¦ ¦ ¦- ;''• : .' '
. Receipts of Asparagus continued light and
prices had a further advance.. Rhubarb was
less plentiful and cleaned , up well. Peas, as
usual,; were in free supply and a large portion
of the receipts went to the canners at 1 cent
per lb. Lbs Angeles Tomatoes were in demand
for shipping and better prices ¦ were obtained
for most offerings; Other vegetables from the
South stood about the same. ¦ The market Is
well stocked with. Mexican Tomatoes; 2047 bxs
were received by steamer, most of which were
overripe. The eteamer also 'brought 133' bxs
Chile Peppers. - ¦
Choice Oregon Burbanks were in demand and
higher, but offerings of poor quality showed
little improvement. A few small lots of gilt
edge stock were sold at 2c per lb. Seed Bur
banks of desirable size met with a steady in
quiry at slightly Improved prices. | The demand
for Garnet Chiles was slack and they were
quoted lower. . New Potatoes were . offering
freely at' unchanged' prices. . ¦ '
Oregon Onions were . quoted .' higher, but the
market was practically bare , of fancy stock.
Nevadas sold well at the quoted price and
Australians were held firm at an /advance.'
Green were lower ' under heavy receipts.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San •Francisco, leas SO
per cent shrinkage for cattle*
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. . .
CALVES— 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%@6o per lb livewelght; yearling, 4I4
@5c Der lb. , "
HOGS— Live Hogs," 200 lbs and under. 6% &
6%c; 200 lbs and over. 6%@8%c; feeders 6®
6%c; sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations. .
DRESSED MEATS,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%e for Steers and 6®7c per lb
for Cows. : , j
VEAL— Large. 7%@8%c; small. 8%®10c per
MUTTO?!— Wethers. 8%®9%c; Ewes, 8@8%c
per lb. ' .
- LAMB — Yearlings, 9@10o per lb; Spring
Lambs, 10@llc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%®9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.. .
Hogs are firm and In light receipt at the
advance of a day or so ago. The other Meats
stand about the same.
San Francisco Meat Market.
On .the . Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steadier; creameries, 17@2i%c;
dairies, 17@2Oc; cheese, steady, 12%@13c;
eggs, steady, fresh, 15%@15%c.
Articles— , ¦,¦' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls..... ...15.000 20,000
Wheat, bu. 38,000 19,000
Corn, bu... 89.000 . 7,000
Oats, bu.........,.......179,000 ' ~ 78,000
Rye,bu..... 4,000 > .......
Barley, bu .............. 12,000 ' 1,000
I Beans closed the week steady, with a fair
inquiry for whites for shipment. .. .
. BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; small White,
$2 20@2 35; large White, $2 10@2 25; Pea. $3;
Pink, $1 85@2 10; Red, $2 25@2'50; Blackeye,
$4 50@4 60; Limas, $3 45@3 50; Red Kidneys,
S3 75@4 per ctl. / *
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50: Flax. $2 25@2 60;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
lC%a>li%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@
2%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. 1 .'
I DRIED PEAS— Niles, ?1 60@2;f Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans*. and Seeds.
. . SATURDAY, April 26—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup...lll%112 Us qrc (new)139%139?l
*s qr re&...lll%lll%|3s qr coup. .109%110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 90 — Oc S3 Co 5s. — 100
Bay CPC 5s.lO7%108' / 4 Omnibus 6s. — —
Cal-st 5s 119 — PacGIm4 3 . 97% —
C Costa 5s. .110% — Pk & CH 63.107 110
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk & OR 68.117 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — • —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s.lO4%lC3&
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5s.l20% —
* Do 5s 97.% — . Sierra Cal 6s.ll8 —
L Ans R 5s.ll8%119 S P of A 6a
LALCo6s.l03 105 (1909) 113% —
.: Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....114% —
Do gtd 5s.l02%103 S P of C 6s
Ii A & P 53.103 — (1905)Sr A.108%107
Do lem 53.102% — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (1906) 109 110
Do lem 5s. — 121% (1912) 119%121
N R of C 6a. 112 — S P of C 1st
Do5s 12O 121% c gntd 5s.l20 —
N Pac C 5s.l09%110% Do stmpd.111% —
NRotC 5s. 114% — SP Br Cal 6s. — 139%
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% S V Wat 6s. — -
Oak Trn 6s. 124 125 Do 4s 2dml03% —
Do 1st c5s. — 116 Do 4s 3dm. — 102ft
Oak W G 53.103% — Stkn G&E6S.102 104
• , WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77 77% Port Costa... 63% 64
Marin Co 60 65 Spring Val.. 91% —
\ GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light . . 43 —
Eqt G !¦ Co. 3% — Sac B G&R. 85 — i
Mutual 3% 5 S F G & E. 45% 45%
O G L & H. 61% 62% S F G L Co. 5% ft
Pac G Imp.. 39% 40 \\ Stkn G & B. 8 —
» , INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd-SSO^ 270 /" \
BANKS.
Amer B & T.105 110 First Nation! _ i--
Anglo-Cal . . 90 90% LP*A,., .167%170
California . .425 427 Mer Ex (liq) 18% — '
Cal Safe Dp.119% -SF Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German -...1880 2100 , Sav A Loan. — 90
Humboldt . .. — — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Say. 80 — Union Trst.1825 —
S F Sav U.525 — I
STREET RAILR0AD8.
Calif orni* ..170 182% Market .....lOO —
Geary — 60 Presioio .... 35 —
POWDER.
Slant ....... 79% 80 {Vlgorit 3 S%
SUGAR.
Hana. ...... 3% 4% Kilauea .... — 9%
Hawaiian. ..33 - — Makaweli ... 23% 24%
Honokaa ... 10% 11 Onomea .... 25 —
Hutchinson . 12% 12% Paauhau ... 10% 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Paclc.l5S% — Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 103% Pac C Borx.163^ —
Cal 'Wire As.100% — [ Par Paint. . . 19 —
Oceanic S Co 31 — I
Morning Session. .
Board— -
125 Equitable Gas 3 62ft
75 Equitable Gas ................... 8M
5 Giant Powder Con 1 79 50
10 Honokaa Co 10 50
$1000 Los Angoles Ry 5 per cent bonds.118 63%
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
5ti: minimum, 44; mean, 50.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston Kansas City ....86-48
Cincinnati S4-54 Duluth ... 44-34
Philadelphia 66-48 Omaha 76-36
Jacksonville .84-68 Chicago -";.." ....'.«8-44
Washington 6S-52 St. Louis ..." .84-52
New York 60-50 Salt Lake City... 66-40
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%o under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, ~10%c: medium, 9@9%c; light, 8@8%c-
Cow Hides. 0c for heavy and 8@8%c r for lighr
Stags, 6@6%c; Salted Kip. 8@8%c; Salted Veal
9@9%c; Salted Calf, 10c;.Dry Hides, 16c; Culls'
14c; Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and"
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30o
each; short Wool, 35@60c each,, medium, «3®
75c; long Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides
salt, $2 75@» for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 60c for Colts- Horsa
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 60c for Colts Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican
25c; dry Central American, 32%c Goat Skins— 1
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c
medium, 35c. . *
TALLOW — No. rendered, 6%@6o rjer ih-
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c '
WOOL— Spring — Northern free. 14@16c- do
defective. 13@14c: Middle county free. 13@15c :
do. defective, 12@13c: Southern, 12 months. 9a
10c; do. 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill, ll®13c- Ne
vada, 12015c per lb. ** *
HOPS — 12®13c for fair and 14@15c per lb for
good to choice. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There is nothing new in anything. Bran and
Middlings are firm and Hay is weak under the'
improved weather conditions."
BRAN— $17 60@18 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS — ?20 50@21 60 per ton.'
1 FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing,
?26 60@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21;" Corn Meal.
$211029 50 ; Cracked " Corn, $29 60@30; Mixed
Feed, 1 $16@17; Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAY — Wheat, $9@11 60; Wheat and Oat,
$8 50@ll; Oat, $8@10 50; Alfalfa. $8@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock, $6@d
per ton. . . - ¦
STRAW— 40@65c per bale. t -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Pacific Vinegar . and Pickle Works haa
levied an assessment of $2 per share, delinquent
May 22. ,. -
The Sacramento Electric, Gas and . Railway
Company has declared the regular monthly div
idend of 15 cents per share, payable May 1.-
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.:
Common stock, $24 37%@25 25', preferred, $60 75
66125; 4 per cent bonds. $90 50®92; subscrip
tions, $101 37%. - ¦
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
54,177 shares,, valued at $34,342. the leading
sales being as follows: Aztec, 1000 shares;
California Standard. 2300; Four, 1300; Giant,
1000; Independence, 4500; Junction, 1000; Pe
troleum Center, 7800; Lion, 1500; Monarch of
Arizona, 1300; Piedmont. 3500; Sovereign,
11,050; Occidental, 2100; Sterling, 13,120.
The usual Saturday inactivity prevailed and
prices for local and oil stocks remained about
the same.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 26—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall in the last twenty
four tours:
<120th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
Weather Report.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks . are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2,75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, .$3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@-9; in
sacks, $6 85®8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 60; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 509
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 60 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3
03 50.
Flour and Millstuffs.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c- three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce. 10%c- two
tierces, 10c; five tierces, 0%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, . 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured -
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14V>c; Califor
nia Hams, 13%(g>14c; Mess Beef, $9<S0 50 tier
bbl; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $ll@ll<50
prime Mess Pork, $15 50@16; extra clear $23*
Mess, $18 60@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 60@12 50 :
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef'
lS%@14c per lb. • .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels
pure, 12%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12 94c :
3-lb tins. 12%c. ' I 7 * c '
The, market Is unchanged and very 'dull.
There seems to be some doubt as to the recent
reports of cutting, most dealers denying that
any is going on.
Provisions.
In the counties of the eastern section it had
been much too dry, and the prospect of a good
crop of wheat began to diminsh. but on the
18th heavy rain occurred over the eastern tier
of counties, thoroughly soaking the soil. The
amount was from half an Inch to an inch In
various localities. This, with the warm weather
of preceding days, had a very beneficial effect
on the crops, causing the fruit trees to blos
som and germinating early sown spring wheat
Winter wheat was also much improved.
The past week has been more springlike than
the preceding ones, and warm weather with
showers has given a considerable impetus to
vegetation* The nights, however, have been
too cool for very rapid growth, and frosts
have, it is thought, considerably injured peach
and apricot bloom in the eastern counties.
Plums, cherries and pears are in general bloom
in the western section, and it is not beliaved
they have been injured by the frost. Grass and
clover have grown, but very little oat sowing
has been dene in the western section, and not
much potato planting. In the southwest coun
ties wheat is doing fairly well. Hops are com
ing up with strong shoots.
The report of G. N: Salisbury, section direc
tor United States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ending April
21, is as fellows:
Washington Crop Bulletins..
CHICAGO, April 26.— Deficiency of moisture
in Kansas and almost freezing temperatures in
many parts of the wheat belt was enough' to
start wheat upward at a good pace at the
opening. of trade. To augment the strength'
cables were ' firmer , than had been expecled
and receipts were email. . Inasmuch Ts the
shortage in receipts has been apparent for
some time and comparisons have been made
against a jshort crop year, the bears became
discouraged again and shorts covered freely.
Excepting rains, every argument was in favor
of the bulls. Traders were of the opinion that
It takes something more than a rain or two to
I make a harvest. After the initial upward Im
pulse, trade was quiet for a time, prices fluc
tuating weakly. Concerning Kansas, Brad
street's had a special report aaying a three
fourths yield at the best and sixty per cent
probable was to be expected. Frosts were pre
dicted in many Western States. Prices worked
up. trade became more active and the greater
part of yesterday's loss was regained. July
opened %c to %c higher at 75%@75%c to 75%c
to/75&c, advanced to 76%c and closed firm.
%c up, at 76%@76%c. _
Brokers in corn reported the slightest trade
in that grain for many weeks. One explana
tion wao the bad wire service on account*" of
the storm, and another cause was the hard
jolt speculators received yesterday. Prices
were very, narrow most of the session. July
closed firm, %c up, at 63 %c.
Oats were firm. May closed %@%c up at
37%@37%c. .;
Trade in previsions was largely local be
cause of wire service being interfered with.
At the start the steady hog market induced
buying, which continued to the close. July
pork closed 17%c higher, lard 12%c up and
ribs 12%chl2her. . , : -.; •
The leading futures ranged as follows: '
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 75% 74% ..75%
July ..75% 76% 75% 70%
September 75% 75% 75 75%
Corn No. 2 — •
May 62% 62% ' 62% «2%
July 63% .64% 63% 03%
September 63% 63% 63 63%
Oata No. 2 — ~
May *2% 42% 42% 42%
July (old)...... 85% 35% 35% S5%
July (new) 37% 87% 37% 87%
Sept (old).. 30% 31 30% 30%
£ept (new) 32% 33 32% ' 82%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 16 72% 16 85 16 70 16 82%
July ..16 92% 17 05 16 92% 17 05
September 17 00 17 17% 17 00 17 15
Lerd, per 100 lbs^ —
May .....9 82% 9 95 9 82% 9 95
July....... 9 95 10 07% 9 95 10 07%
September .....10 07% 10 17% 10 07% 10 17%
Short Ribs, Dtr 100 lbs—
May 0 20 ~ .9 85< 9 20 S 35
July .... ... 9 37% 9 47%. 9 35 !> 47%
September 45.. ;^9 57%., & 4S *,9 57%
'Cash quotations were -as follows: Flour,
firm; winter patents, $3 70@3 00; straights,
$3 20@3 70; clears. $3@3 50;. spring specials,
$4 10(i? 4 20; patents, $3 30@3 70; straights,
$2 90@3 20; No." 3 spring wheat, 75%@75%c;
No. 2 red. 83%@84%c; No. 2 yellow ccrn,
63%c; No. 2 oats, ~41%c; No. 3 white, 45%c;
No. 2 rye, 58% c; fair to choice malting bar
ley, 67@70c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 68; ; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 79; prime timothy eeed, $7g?
7 10: mess pork, per bbl, $16 80@16 85; lard,
pei 100 lbs, ;$9 92%@9 95; short ribs sides
(loose), $9 30@9 40; dry .. salted shoulders
(boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
I $9 £h)@10; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
J Pears are reported practically . cleaned up
and the quotations are nominal. There are
reports of a serious blight in the Pear orchards
in the southern end of the San Joaquln Valley
and some orchardlsts are said to be losing a
good many trees. ¦
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for ' Royals and
10@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@9c; . sun dried, 5c;
Peaches, 6%@S%c; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
6@6c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for
black and-5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6%@6%c; 40-50's. 5@5%c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, 4(g*%c; 70-80' s, 3%@3%c; 80
90's, 3@3%c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per 1b.
RAISINS^ — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless;' 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 3%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 6%o for unbleached and 7(3
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy. $1 50; . London Layers
*1 25@1 35.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 11 %c; No.
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2 7c-
Almonds. 10%@12c t or . papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and G@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@/7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ¦ 12@12%c; Filberts.
12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50(35.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 0@llc
for light amber; water white ' extracted 5®
6%c; light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 4c
27%@29c per lb. •."*"• "=•
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Bank" Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
were $22,470,278. against 521.102.C67 during the
same week last year.
strong strategic position and available for ad
vantageous absorption by the larger railway
systems, as well as the transfer of control of
Louisville and Nashville, are evidences of the
continued 'conviction of the steady tendency to-'
ward consolidation in the railroad world. The
money market has attracted little attention, as
the easy terms offered no check to the specula
tion. There was undoubtetdly heavy liquidation
during the early part of the week in the stock
market. But the large financial projects in
view offer no -ground for a supposition of any
important reduction in the volume of credits.
In fact, there has been a large expansion of our
foreign obligations, as shown by the supply of
bankers' exchange bills in the market against
sterling loans. In eplte of this the course of
exchange has been upward, and gold exports
are considered probable again. The present
extraordinary accumulation in banking reserves
in France is a subject of wonder in the finan
cial world. The conjecture that a large loan
to Russia was in contemplation has been over
thrown by the authoritative statement that the
Russian loan floated 'in Germany was with the
etipulation that no further Russian loan would
be offered within a . year. The French accumu
lation is now supposed to be simply due to a
prevalent spirit of distrust by investors, due to
heavy losses in Russian and other industrials.
It is expected that a satisfactory outcome of
to-morrow's elections in France may lead to
some outflow of French capital into the chan
nels of investment. Some tentative steps were
taken toward securing the admission of Ameri
can securities to the Paris Bourse, or toward
the removal of obstacles to the admission of
foreign securities there, to which importance is
attached. Meantime American capitalists are
availing themselves of the abundant resource?
of the French money market in the carrying
out of syndicate projects and the London mar
ket is indebted to Paris on a scale probably
unprecedented.
Speculative and convertible bonds have been'
very active, moving in sympathy with stocks.
United States 2s advanced % per cent over
the closing call of last week. •
In wheat and the reports of rain in the South
west gave . hope of relief from the threatening
conditions.' It is notorious that the leading
speculative Interest in the stock market is very
active also in the grain markets and for this
reason much manipulation was evident in both
markets and current rumors were much given
to exaggeration. For instance reports in cir
culation that the coming corn crop was serious
ly threatened are scarcely warranted at a time
when the seed is not even in the ground. The
influence of last year's corn shortage is too ob
vious in the country's domestic and foreign
traffic not to make the outcome of the coming
crop one of paramount importance. During the
current year the corn shortage has not mate-,
rially affected the merchandise movement to'
the corn region, las the people there were In a
prosperous condition from several good previous
years. As is always the case the shortage in
corn led to large marketing of livestock, so
that the railroad traffic was well maintained.
But another corn crop failure could not but
materially affect the earning power of rail
roads. After coming through the winter in
only moderate condition, the winter wheat crop
has undoubtedly suffered much deterioration
during the past week. Notwithstanding the
strong influence of the grain situation, it is ob
vious that strong and aggressive speculative
forces are still active in the stock market, and
they have been alert in shifting from one point
to another in developing strong points. Confi
dence in the general railroad situation is fos
tered by the general high level of earnings re
ported and by such special exhibits as the an
nual report of Lake Shore, with its great sur
plus earnings over extraordinary expenditures
out of earnings for betterments. The details
of the great steamship merger are accepted as
evidence of progress toward the strengthening
and consolidation of the transportation facili
ties, both domestic ' and International, of the
country. The working out of the community
of interest in the anthracite carriers is also in
evidence and some of the weak's buying of the
Readings had admittedly been in the interest
of the great trunk line systems in furtherance
of the policy of division of control of that traf
fic among them. Lake Shore's report of the ac
quisition (rf a large block of Lehlgh Valley is
evidence of the tsame tendency. On the other
hand there was a rumor of the legal obstacles
which may be Interposed for merger projects in
the decision of the Supreme Court to allow the
State of Washington to file suit against the
parties to the Northern Securities Company.
The force is seen of the comment by one of the
principals that the consolidation of ownership
in the Northwest is assured, whatever may be
the. decision of the Supreme Court on the pres
ent plan of holding the properties. But the
fact remains that important financial results
depend upon the success of the present plan of
holding of these companies, and the question of
its validity must remain a weight on the secur
ities market until it is settled. The activity
and strength of stocks. of minor railroads in a
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, 77%c. ¦ '- .
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 90%o; 2000.
90%c; 4000, 90%c.
Regular Forenoon Session — December — 1000
ctls. 77%c; May— S000, 91c.
OATS — Continue quiet and unchanged. Of
ferings, i though , not heavy, are sufficient for
the light inquiry. U-W • ¦ ¦ ¦ ; • ¦ - .
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, $140©l 45; black, $1 12%@1 32%; red,
$1 30@l 42% per ctl.
CORN— Previous prices rule, except for small
round yellow, which is a : fraction off. The
market is quiet.-- Chicago advices to Bolton, de
Ruyter & Co. say: • •
' "Market here waa firm, but not extremely
active. I While receipts are small they are
about equal to last year. Stocks, however, are
very much smaller. There is an, under-cur-'
rent of, cash demand here and in the South
west markets, but interest la largely centered
at the moment in the operations on a large
scale by prominent local holders. Position In
c6rn seems to us a strong- one."
Large '-Yellow, (1 35@1 45; small round do,
$1 85@1 45; White. $1 40@l 47% per ctl.
RYE — 90@95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at ?1 60@l 75 per
ctl. ;-;*¦: ,'.'->*.;• ; ' ¦ ¦" •¦ : - .' ¦ .. ¦ ¦¦ :
CALL BOARD SALES.
-Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
16,000 ctls, $1 08%.
Second Session — May — 2,000 ctls, $1 111*:
4000. $1-11%; December— 2000, $1 08%.
. Regular ¦ Forenoon Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 08%; 2000, $1 08%; May— 4000, ?1 11%.
BARLEY — Another fractional decline is noted
and the market is very quiet.
Feed. 92%@«3%c for No. 1 and 90@91%o for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 95®
97%e; Chevalier. 11<8>1 20. .
: "Rains : are - still lacking in Kansas, but this
was 'not; so much a factor in making prices to
day as .was' the heavy cables, continued small
receipts and large clearances. Attention haa of
late been diverted . to new .crop conditions.
With the "tension of feeling 'in that t direction
relieved by rains, the market must naturally
come •] back to the cupplies of wheat on the
present crop and the orobable . | demand . for
them. , This view of the situation is certainly
not bearish. The opinion seems held by those
in closest touch with conditions in the North
west that - the - small receipts in that quarter
are due to exhausted, supplies in farmers'
hands. Stocks of flour, both here and abroad,
are very small. European crop continues fa
vorable and has made them hand-to-mouth
buyers for some time .past. They must be fed,
however, , for several ; months largely from
American wheat. We are inclined to think,
therefore, that it is a pretty safe proposition
to ¦ buy wheat . on the breaks. .Visible supply
is expected to show a liberal decrease on Mon
day." • ' ' ¦ 'v -
This market was quiet and not- materially
changed. ? -' • •¦ - ¦- .-¦¦ -¦- ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 11%@1 12%: mill
ing, $1 13%@1 15 per. cental.
'¦- WHEAT— Paris futures, were higher' and
Liverpool futures steady. -
'¦'- Chicago showed less ¦, nervousness, the effect
of the [rains" being pretty well determined. The
weekly, letter of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. said :
Wheat and Other Grains.
Nothing new in local stocks and bonds.
Silver and Ex-change as before quoted.
Wheat quiet. Barley weak. Oats, Corn and Rye dull. .
No change in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Beans steady at previous quotations.
Dealers packing Butter to kc&p down stocks.
Fine ranch Eggs firmer. Lower grades weak. \
Cheese plentiful and unchanged.
Dried Pears reported cleaned out of, market. ..
Provisions inactive and featureless.
Hogs 'firm at the advance. Other Meats unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Asparagus Mill higher. .
Poultry in ample supply and quiet. Game firm, 'j
Oranges and Lemons plentiful and dull.
Fresh Mexican Limes on the market.
Receipts of Strawberries increasing.
Local bank clearings still make a good showing.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, *1@1 75
for standard. $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@2 50; Va
lsacia*. $2 75(5:3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2
@3; Tangerines, in quarter boxes,. 75c@?l
and *i 2501 60 in half boxes; Lemons, 7be&
$1 for common and $1 25@1 75 for good to
choice and J2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $t
@2 50, including seedless; Mexican Limes, $4@
4 50; Bananas, $2 2S@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 25 for Hawaiians; Pineap
ples. $3@4 per dozen. - ¦ ».7V
APPLES— *2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for .or
dinary; fancy from Australia, $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $10@15 per
chest; Malindas, $3@S per chest and $125®
1 75 per crate.
Owing to the large offerings at the auction
supplies of Oranges were plentiful and.retail
ers were apparently well "supplied. Prices
were too high for shipping and the market waa
dull all around. Lemons moved slowly and
supplies were excessive. Two cars Of Bananas
were received from New Orleans, but being
green were not placed on the market. Supplies
of ripe stock were limited and prices were
unchanged. The Panama steamer brought up
441 boxes of Mexican Limes. • ¦ ' ¦ . - ' .
Offerings. of Strawberries were more liberal
than,- on 'the previous day. Longworths. from
Palo 'Alto were generally In fair condition and
sold easily at -full prices, but the Bouldin
Island' berries were "chiefly of poor quality, and
these sold at the .bottom price. Mallndas in
chests were green and muddy, ¦ showing the
effects of the recent rain and cold weather.
Receipts were 84 chests Longworths. 24 chests
and 53 crates Malindas.
Deciduous and' Citrus Fniits.
Consols for money 94% N Y Central 164
Do for acct.... 94% N & W 60%
Anaconda ..' 5% Do pfd. 92
Atchison 82% Ontario & West.. 36%
Do pfd. 101% Pennsylvania .... 77%
Bait & Ohio 111% Reading 34%
Canadian Pac ...132 Do 1st pfd 44%
Ches & Ohio '. 49% Do 2d pfd 37%
Chic G W. 26% Southern Ry 38%
Chic M & St P...175 Do pfd 98%
D&RG 45% Southern Pao ... 69%
Do pfd 95 Union Pac 108%
Erie 41% Do pfd 90%
Do 1st pfd...... 72% U S Steel 44%
Do 2d pfd 67 Do pfd 36%
111 Central ...151% Wabash 28
L & N 131% Do pfd 47
M K & T... 26% Spanish 4s ....... 78%
Do pfd 55% ¦
Bar sliver, dull, 23 13-16d per ounce. ,
Money, 2%@3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 13-16 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— United Fruit ....106%
Call loans 3%@4 Westngh Com ....112
Time loans 4@5 Mining — .
Bonds — ¦ Adventure 24
Atchison 4s. : . ... .102% Allouez 3%
Gas lsts • 86 1\ Amalgamated .... 66%
Mex Central 4s.. 83 Blngham ........ 36%
N E G & Coke... 54 Calumet & Heda.575
Railroads — Centennial 20
Atchison 81% Cop Range Con... 60
Do pfd. 98% Dom Coal ..141%
Boston & Albany. 264 Franklin 11
Boston & Maine. .200% Mohawk 86%
Boston Elevated.. 168 Old Dom 19
N Y N H & H....247 Osceola .; 62%
T-itohburg pfd 146% Parrot .......... 28
Union Pac ......105% Quincy 180
Mex Central ...... 29% Santa Fe Copper. . 2%
Miscellaneous — Tamarack 175
Amer Sugar .....125% Trimountaln .'.:.'. 95
Do pfd...'. 119 Trinity .'13%
Amer Tel & Tel .-.181 United States .... 21%
Dom I & S.. 71% Utah .22%
Gen Electric ...:327 Victoria 6
Mass Electric .... 45 Winona .*........ 1%
U S Steel......... 43 Wolverine 63
Do pfd 94% Daly West 44
Adams Con 20 Little Chief. . . . i . . 11
Alice 50 Ontario 8 50
Breece CO Ophir 1 25
Brunswick Con.... 15 Phoenix 05
Corns tock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi .'. 22
Con Cal & Va 13 Savage 12
Deadwood Terra... 75 Sierra Nevada 22
Horn Sliver 1 40 Small Hopes . 40
Iron Silver 6S Standard 3 45
Leadville Con 05
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
United States .... ......... 119
Wells-Fargo ...... .*...'.... 210'
Miscellaneous — . .
Amalg Copper 8,100 67%- 60% 6B%
Am Car & Fndry. 1,300 3OV4 30 80%
Am Car & Fdry prd .... * .... 91%
Amer Linseed Oil.. 1,300-25% 25 24%
Am Linseed Oil pfd ..... " .... - 64
Amer Locomotive.. 1.C00 r 85% 35% 85%
Am Locomotive pfd 1,400 "< 08% 98 88
Am Smtg & Refng. 700 44% 44% 44%
Am Smtg & Rf pfd ..... .... : .... 95%
Anaconda Mining.. 300 116 '¦ 113 ' 113
Brooklyn Rapid Tr 10,000 70^ .70 70%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 9,800 109% 108 108%
Consolidated Gas.. 2,600 228 227' 22«%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 400 123% 123% 123%
General Electric... 100 32S 828 827
Hocking Coal .. 300 "21% 21% 21
Internat Paper 21%
Internat Paper pfd. ..... .... ¦ .... l 75%
Internat Power. ... 5Q0 193% 192 193%
Laclede Gas .... ....89.
National Biscuit... .... 50
National Lead .... .... 18%
National Salt ..... .... 20
National Salt pfd ........ 69%
North American... 400 130 .130 129%
Paciflc Coast ..... .... .... 67
Paciflc Mail 200 43% 42% 43
People's Gas....:.. 1,000 105 104% 104%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,900 43% 43% 43%
Press Steel Car pfd 1,100 86% 86 86
Pullmn Palace Car 100 239 239 238
Republic Steel 1,300 19% 19 19%
Republic Steel pfd.. 200 ' 75% 75% 75%
Sugar „ 6,900 126% 125% 125%
Tenn Coal & -Iron. 2,000 73% 72% 72%
Union Bag & Paper 100 16 16 16%
Union Pag & P pfd 80
U S. Leather....... 12,000 14 13 13%
U S Rubber .. . 17%
U S Rubber pfd... , 200 59% 59% 58%
US Steel 10,600 43# 43 43
US Steel pfd...... 9,900 94% 94% 94%
western Union.... 600 92% 92% ' 92%i
Total sales 479,600
tt o ¦ ' . t. NEW YORK BONDS.
JL ref 2s , n S..109\b L & N Unl 4s.... 102%
Do coup ..'......109% Mex Cent 4s..... 84
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st inc.....'. 34%
Do , coup 1091,5 Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
Do new 4s reg.. 138 M K & T 4s 100%
5° C °"P 130% Do 2ds 84
Do old 4s reg. .111% N y Cent lets. ...104
g» coup 111% Do gen 3%s. . . .100
Do 5s regr. 105% NJ Cent gen 5s.. 140 .
Do coup 107 Nor Paciflc 4s.... 105 %
Atch gen 4s 103% Do 3s 74%
Do adt 4s. ..... 94 Nor & W con 4s. .102
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Read Gen 4s. .... 99%
Do 3%s 96% S L & I M con 6s. 116%
Do conv 4s 100 S L & S F 4s. .. . 98%
Canada So 2ds...lO8, S L S W lsts :100%
Cen of Ga 5s 112% Do 2ds 87
1st inc 87% S A & A P 4s... 81
Chts & Ohio 4%s.lO8% So Paciflc 4b..:. 95%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% So Railway 5s.... 122%
Chi B & Q new 4s 96 Tex & Pac lsts. ..120%
C M & St P g 4s. 115% T St L & W 4s... 83%
Chi & NW con 7s. 136% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & Pac 4s.. 112% Do conv 4s .109%
CC C it S L g 4s. 104% Wabash lsts .....120
Chi Term 4s 90% Do 2ds Ill
Colo & So 4s,... 95% Do deb B 77%
Den & Rio G"4s..lO4% W & L Erie 4s... 03 •
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% West, Shore 4s..:113%
Erie General 4s.. 88 Wis Cen 4s...... 94
F W & D C 1st. .115 Con Tobacco 4s.. 68
Hocking Val 4%s.llO
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 86^4
Sterling Cables, sight.:........ — , 4 8S%
Sterling Cables .......!... — 4 80%
New York Exchange/ sight.. .... .. — , 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 17%
Silver, per ounce............... — • 51%
Mexican Dollars, nominal..'..... : — ¦ 45%
Exchange [and Bullion.
'. Trade in evaporated apples was light and
the market unchanged and- generally- firm.
State, common to good- 7@8%o: prime 9U.I3
0y 4 c; choice, 0H@10o; fancy, *0%$lle ' Bus®
ness in spot prunes continues fairly active
chiefly for export account, both for old and
new fruit. New fruit, firm ; old. slightly in
buyers' favor. Prices unchanged. Apricots and
peaches firm and moving fairly well for Job
bing trade. - ¦-,'¦ " . ¦ .
PRUNES- 3%@6^sc.
APRICOTS— Boxes, 10%@i3o; baes 10012^
PEACHKS-Peeled. 14@l!c; unpeTed. "Sfig"
DRIED FRUITS.
tlfld. but no lower; winter ; patents, i $3 85®
4 05; winter' straights, -$a 75@3 00; Minnesota
patents, $3 00©4 20: winter extras, $3 10@o 35;
Minnesota bakers'. $3@3 30;. winter lowgrades,
$2 oo@3 is.-- .:•;.' .•!•••. ¦ ¦¦;¦ „- ¦¦-.¦} -^ '.>.,¦-. i=.-t?.-
WHEAT— Receipts, | 249, 600 bushels ; | exports,
192,000 bushels. Sp6t, steady; No. 2 red. 87% c
elevator; No. 2 red, 89%c f, o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, <84%c f. o. b. 'afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, • 87%c f. ; o.> b. ; . afloat. 'In
fluenced by a strong • set of cables where . de
clines had been expected, wheat was firm in the
first hour on buying for short account, in, face
of favorable weather. The close was very firm
at %@%e net advance.- May, 80%@81 ' 7-16c,
closed, 81 %c; July, ¦• 80 13-16@81V-c. closed
81 %c: September 80%@80%c. closed S0%c; De
c«ro'?er, 81 «i@82%c, closed 82%c: •.¦-- :- •;
. 3iOPS — Firm. * State, common to choice, 1901
crop, lG@20e ; ' 1900 1 crop, 13@14c ; old, \ 4@6c.
Paciflc Coast, 1901 crop, 15@18%c;. 1900 crop,
13©J4c: old, 4@0c, .¦ .-.-... -, ¦ ¦ ,
HIDES — Quiet. ' Galveston. 20@25 pounds,
18c; California, 21025 pounds. 18%c; Texas
dry. 24Q>30 pounds, 13c.
WOOL — Domestic fleece, 25@29c
•PETROLEUM— Steady; refined New!. York,
17 40; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 35; do in
bulk, $4 85. ... :-;;,;, , T . ' ; ,
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No 7 invoice,
G%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, ;¦ 8}4@12e. The
coffee futures closed steady and net unchanged
to 6 points lower. ¦ ' ¦„,...- ., % - . ¦, ¦¦.;
• SUGAR — Raw,, firm; fair refining 2%c cen
trifugal, 96 test, 1 3%c. Molasses sugar 2%c
Reflned, steady; No. 6, 4.20c; No 7 4 10c: No
8. 4.00c; No. 9, 3.05c;: No. ¦ 10, ¦¦ 3.00c- ' No ¦•¦lC
3.85c; No. 12 3 80c; No. 13.' 3.80c; No 14
3.80c; standard e A,- 4.55c; confectioners' , A
4.55c: mold A. 5.10c; cut loaf, 5.25c: crushed
6.25c:. powdered, .4.85c; granulated, 4.75c;
cubee, 5.00c. . >¦ , ¦
standard California, 6s 4d@6s 5d; wheat I:
'aris, auiet; Hour in Paris, quiet. ;,' '••¦•¦
COTTON — Uplands, 6 5-16d. , .
BUTTER-^-Creamery, 19@20c per pound for
fancy,' 18@18%c for firsts and 17 #c for. sec
onds; dairy. 16@18c; store Butter, 14@15c per
pound. • ¦ •- •¦ ¦<'¦•
CHEESE — New. 9@10c; old. 9@llc; Young
America. S@10c: Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 16%@17c for fancy and 14(9
15c for fair to good; store, 12}£@14c per dozen.
it Is because a larger quantity of ranch Eggs
than usual ha3 been placed in storage this
year and that this market ia now getting the
"rejects" , from this storing. - .
Receipts were 45,000 pounds, 2 kegs and 2S3
tubs of Butter. 2058 cases of Eggs. cases
of i Eastern Eggs, 11,400 pounds r of California
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
THE 8AN : FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, APRI^J 27, 1902.
LOCALr MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
STOCK MARKET.
THE COAST RECORD,
35
STATIONS.
S S 2 2 5
SS *Z fi f £ 1
|I ii s.1 \l I
s s. • " • 0
3 3 • : :
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Id..
Independence
Los Angeles..
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Roseburg
Eacramento . .
Salt Lake* —
Ean Francisco.
6. L. Obispo..
Kan Diego
Seattle
(Spokane
>.'eah Bay
Walla Walla.
Winnemucca
Tutna
..30.06
. .29.88
..29.78
.30.12
.29.92
..29.78
..29. SO
.29.70
..20.96
.29.80
.30.04
.29.96
.30.06
.29. »6
.29.70
.30.06
.30.04
.29.S6
.23.98
.29.84
.29.1)8
.23.92
.29.74
.29.78
54 42 NW Pt.Cldy .02
50 34 NW Cloudy .06
64 34 SW Clear .00
82 44 N Clear T.
74 44 NW Clear .00
62 30 SW Pt.Cldy .00
80 28 W Cloudy .02
72 44 W Clear .00
70 44 W Clear .00
90 64 W Pt.Cldy .00
48 40 SE Rain T.
G* 52 S Clear .00
54 46 NW Pt.Cldy .03
CO 40 6 Clear .00
64 40 NW Clear .00
56 48 W Clear .00
62 48 W Clear .00
€2 52 NW Cloudy .00
56 44 W Cloudy T.
58 34 SW Cloudy .02
54 44 W Cloudy T.
50 40 EW -Cloudy .10
CO 30 EW Clear .00
90 M W Clear .00
P..
Sj
Si
F:
It.
S;
L,
Si
Stat
:urek
led I
acra:
an I
Yesn
ndep<
an I
vOS .
ian I
tions-
-:a ...
Bluff
imenti
Plane
.o . ..
>ender
Luis <
Angel
Diego
Last
24 hours.
Trace
0.00
» 0.00
isco ..... 0.00
0.00
ce ...... 0.00
)bi«po 0.00
es 0.00
0.00
This
Season.
47.61
30.37
10.74
17. S4
6.76
4.29
21.83
10.56
6.11
Last
Season.
44.70
22.68
17.50
18.99
10.39
5.81
27. 87
14. IS
10.66
i~
K
STATIONS.
S S 2 2 5
SS *Z fi f £ 1
|I ii s.1 \l I
s s. • " • 0
3 3 • : :
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Id..
Independence
Los Angeles..
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Roseburg
Eacramento . .
Salt Lake* —
Ean Francisco.
6. L. Obispo..
Kan Diego
Seattle
(Spokane
>.'eah Bay
Walla Walla.
Winnemucca
Tutna
..30.06
. .29.88
..29.78
.30.12
.29.92
..29.78
..29. SO
.29.70
..20.96
.29.80
.30.04
.29.96
.30.06
.29. »6
.29.70
.30.06
.30.04
.29.S6
.23.98
.29.84
.29.1)8
.23.92
.29.74
.29.78
54 42 NW Pt.Cldy .02
50 34 NW Cloudy .06
64 34 SW Clear .00
82 44 N Clear T.
74 44 NW Clear .00
62 30 SW Pt.Cldy .00
80 28 W Cloudy .02
72 44 W Clear .00
70 44 W Clear .00
90 64 W Pt.Cldy .00
48 40 SE Rain T.
G* 52 S Clear .00
54 46 NW Pt.Cldy .03
CO 40 6 Clear .00
64 40 NW Clear .00
56 48 W Clear .00
62 48 W Clear .00
€2 52 NW Cloudy .00
56 44 W Cloudy T.
58 34 SW Cloudy .02
54 44 W Cloudy T.
50 40 EW -Cloudy .10
CO 30 EW Clear .00
90 M W Clear .00
P..
Sj
Si
F:
It.
S;
L,
Si
Stat
:urek
led I
acra:
an I
Yesn
ndep<
an I
vOS .
ian I
tions-
-:a ...
Bluff
imenti
Plane
.o . ..
>ender
Luis <
Angel
Diego
Last
24 hours.
Trace
0.00
» 0.00
isco ..... 0.00
0.00
ce ...... 0.00
)bi«po 0.00
es 0.00
0.00
This
Season.
47.61
30.37
10.74
17. S4
6.76
4.29
21.83
10.56
6.11
Last
Season.
44.70
22.68
17.50
18.99
10.39
5.81
27. 87
14. IS
10.66
i~
K
CHICAGO. PHILADELPHIA. BOSTON.
J, L McLean & Co,.
Main Office
25 Broad St., New York.
f Chicago Board of Trade. *
Members •! New York Produce Exchange.
[Consolidated Stcwk Exchange, N. Y.
STOCKS, BONDS, GRAIN
Orders executed for investment or margin.
Send for our new Eighty-Page Illustrated
WALL STREET GUIDE
Just published. Dally . Letter application,'
BRANCHES:
. 601 Rookery Bids*.. Chicago. .
435 Chestnut st.. Philadelphia.
85 Devonshire at.. Boston. - '
Private wires to all offices and exchange*.
AUCTION SALES
Inaugural
At My New Place,
248 THIRD STREET.
60 'Driving Horses
\ (Gentle and well broken).
BUGGIES. CARTS HARNESS,
P.OBES, BLANKETS. WHIPS. ETC.. ETC..
All in Perfect Order.
" This is a rare opportunity for seekers after
ycung and fine looking, well-broken horses,
weighing from 1000 to 1500 pounds: sultabla
for all purposes; most of them city broke;
fine- saddle horses, etc.. as -well as perfectly
matched teams; besides many articles indis-
pensable to all horse owners.
MONDAY. APRIL 2S. 1002.
Commencing 1 at 11 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
Office 246 Third St., near. Folsom.
(Formerly 721 Howard street.)
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
ft* J£a fe £*
AUCTION SALE
Horses, Carriages, Harness,
Etc.
EXCELSIOR STABLES. 065 STJTTER ST.
TUESDAY......: April 29. 1002
At 11 O'clock.
On account of removal to new stables, corner
Polk and Geary, on May 1, where I will outfit
with a complete line of the latest style rigs, t
will sell off all my stock at present premises
Consisting of horses, carriages, coupes, run-
abouts, bike-buggies, surreys, harness, whips
and rohes, without reserve or limit.
H. F. PATRICK. Proprietor.
FRED H. CHASE & CO., Auctioneers.
\ MERICAN AUCTION CO., 209 Pine Street.
CREDIT SAL C !~CREDIT SALE!
MONDAY. APRIL 28. 1902. at 10 o'clock a. m..
BY CATALOGUE, ON PREMISES.
.813 Market fc»tr-ee»t,
/ We Will Sell, by Order of
COWEN & COWEN,
On a Liberal Credit. Their Entire
923,000 STOCK
Crockery. Glassware. Stoves. Decorated War«iS
, Hotel Crockery, Bar Glasses. Lamp Stocka
Incandescent Burners and Mantles, Plate .
Ware, Cutlery. Ornaments, Bisque Figurea ;
Jardinieres, Fancy . Pottery, Teas. Coffees .
Spices, Enamel Ware, Tinware, Woodenwar« j
TO THE TRADE — Sale positively without n '¦
serve. A chance for you. Be sure and attenotj
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.. 'I
| C. E. DAVIS. Auctioneer."? 1
*V^ I will sell NEXT TUESDAY, April 20 H
A-w 11 a. m., at 1140 Folsom St.. 2 carload*!
of DRAFT. DRIVING and- BUSINES*'
HORSES. These horses are all broken an /
gentle and will be sold wltbout reserve o •
limit; also a choice lot of -wagons, buggies"
carts and harness.THE SAN pANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY^ APRIL 27, 1902;
36
For Employment Wanted, Etc, Saa
v Page Thirty-Eight.
8AW FRAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CalL corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m. .' , «.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1011 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
nntll 0 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. «n.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. «»•
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. -iV
2200 Flllmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
CUl'KCU SERVICES.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough Bts.
— Holy communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday-
schooL 9:30 a. m. Morning service, 11 o'clock.
Sermon by rector. People's one-hour service,
8 p.m. "The Holy City." by Gaul, will be
sung by the full choir. All seats free. Fred-
erick W. Clampett. .
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. — Spe-
cial musical service. The full choir will ren-
der the cantata, "Holy City," by Gaul, at
the 8 o'clock service. "
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento et — Services at 11
a. m. and 7 :45 p. m- Rev. Dr. H. Grattan
Guinness of London will preach in the morn-
. Ing and Rev. Wm. Kirk Guthrie in the even-
ing, with the usual monthly praise service.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Christian En-
deavor at 6:30 p. m. Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at £ o'clock. All are • cor-
dlsily Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia Bts. — Rev. John HemphlU,
D.D., pastor; Rev. Geo. G. Eldredge, asso-
ciate pastor. Morning service at 11. Evening
service at 7:30. Dr. HemphlU will preach at
both services. Topic, a. m., "The Glory of
the Church." Topic, p. m., "A Saved Soul
and a Lost Life." Morning Sabbath-school
at 10. Afternoon Sabbath-school at 12:30.
Y. P. 8. C. E.. 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 8. All are cordially
Invited. ,
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement et. — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 3415 Jackson st.;
telephone Jackson 1941. Sermon themes — 11
a, m., "What Is True Religion?" 7:45 p. m.,
"The Unsectarlan Head of a Sectarian Relig-
ion." Sunday-school, 9:45 a. m. C. E. So-
ciety. 6:45 p. m. Seats free. A cordial wel-
come for every one, {
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st,
near Webster. — Rev. F. B. Cherlngton, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at 11 a, m. ; subject
"Branded Slave of Christ"; 7:15 p. m., song
service; short address on "Guarding the
Fountains," closing the whole service at 8
o'clock. Third vesper service.
UNITARIAN Church (First), SW. corner Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister. Chas. A. Murdock. supt of Sun-
day-school. The Sunday-6chool is at 10
o'clock. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. Benjamin A. Goodridge of Santa Bar-
bara will preach. Rev. Bradford Leavitt
preaching at Stanford University. Music by
quartet and chorus. H. Bretherick, organist
and director. All are cordially invited. There
is no evening service.
TJNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp and
" Twentieth sts. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore, minis-
ter. Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock. Morning
theme, "Law of Spiritual Growth." Even-
ing theme. "My Brother's Keeper." The mu-
sical exercises In the morning will include an
instrumental trio (Donizetti), a vocal trio
(Kirchman) and a quartet "Serenade"
(Schubert). The evening music will include
an organ voluntary by Miss Pratt a soprano
solo by Miss Kroenert and a 'cello solo by
Mr. Wm. Wertsch Jr.
CENTRAL Church. Mission st, between Sixth
and Seventh.— Pastors, Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbert F. Briggs. 11 a. m., service and ser-
mon. 12:45 p. m., Sunday-school, Rolla V.
Watt superlnten^nt 6:15 p. m., Societies of
Christian Endeavor. 7 :30 p. m., concert 8
p. m.. Dr. H. Grattan Guinness of London
the distinguished co-laborer with Rev F B.
Meyer In the "Regions Beyond" Mtesion
v% ork. will preach. Organist and choirmaster
Roscoe Warren Lucy. The seats are free and
the people ere welcome.
SEVENTH Day Advent!* Church, 914 Laguna
ft. bet McAllister and Golden Gate ave —
Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by
the pastor. Elder M. S. Sadler. All will have
an opportunity to ask practical questions on
Bible eubjects. Song service at 7:15 All
are cordially invited. Seats free.
A GREAT union mass-meeting for men only
to-day at 3 o'clock at the Young Men' a
Christian Association Hall, Mason and Ellis
Bts., to be addressed by H. Grattan Guinness
M. D., of London, on a confidential talk to
men. Beats free and all men Invited. Mr.
H. H. Barahart will sing. The doora of the
hall wUl be opened at 2:30 o'clock and the
service will commence promptly at 3. Don't
fall to hear this distinguished orator. Dr.
Guinness will give a free illustrated lecture
In the Association Audltcrium Monday even-
Ing at 8 o'clock, on "My Latest Experiences
Among the Cannibals of the Congo." The
public la Invited. "-¦¦:. .-..-.
ASSEMBLY Hall, 15 Polk st— Mr. Alfred Mace
will give gospel addresses; Sunday, April 27,
3 p. m., Bible class, subject, "The Four
Baptisms"; Sunday, April 27, 7:45 p m,
"The Cleansing of the Leper"; Tuesday,
April 23, 7:45 p. m^ "Ships": Thursday, May
1 7:45 p. m., "The Two Beasts" — Revela-
tion 13: Sunday-school at 3 p. m. every Sun-
day; all welcome; all Is free.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will lecture under
the auspices of the Unity Club at Golden
Gate Hall at 7:45 p. m. on "The Biography
of Buddha." After Mr. Mills' lecture Mr.
N. O. Neleon. the eminent philanthropist-
manufacturer of St. Louis, will rive an ad-
dress on "My Experiences In Industrial Bet-
terment." Admission and all seats free
Doors open at 7:15. Music by Unity Club
Male Quartet.
THE Theosophlcal Society — Colonel H. S. 01-
cott. president-founder; public lectures every
Sunday evening at 8 o'clock at Pacific Coast
headquarters. Odd Fellows' building. To-
nujht "The Mystery of Rebirth." by Dr.
Jerome A. Anderson. Golden chain group
for children. Sundays at 11:30. Other meet-
ings Wednesdays and Thursdays at 2 :30 p. m.
THE Theosophlcal Society, Golden Gate Lodge
— Free popular lecture every Sunday, 8 p. m..
Flood bulldisc, 809 Market st Subject to- ''
night. "The Fall and Redemption." Secret ,
doctrine course by Miss M. A. Walsh. Bible i
class, 11 a. m. Discussion meeting Satur-
days, 8 p. m. Inquirers' meeting Thursdays,
2:30 r. m. Free lending library open daily,
1 to 4 r>. m. - ->.-..<
MEETINGS — SUKDAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lllua-
trated lecture this evening at Crystal Hall,
Pythian Castle, 603 Market at.: subject.
"Electricity and the Resurrection 1 ;: followed
- by maeniflcent views of a visit to South
Africa; free tickets will be distributed for ¦
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday
evening. Remember the Question Box. Spe-
cial music by Miss Lillle Arthur and Master
Lamor.t Done.
AT 117 Larkin, to-night — Inspirational Spirit- !
ual Church meeting; subject "Immortality";
also truthful mee safes; DR. C. E; WHEB-
LER. KATDZ HEUSSMANN; admission free.
"WHY So Many Women Fail"; free lecture to
ladles only by Mrs. May Van Auken, with
free readings of faces and bands; 8:15 Mon-
day evening. 330 Ellis et.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, Covenant Hall,
Oddfellows' bldg., to-nlrht: Mrs. R. S. Lillle
speaker; music by John T. Lillle; admla. free.
*-MIND Controla Body"; Henry Harrison
Brown's lesson In suggestion; Odd Fellows*-
bullding. 8 p. m.; 25c.
A— TESTS— Front hall, 909 Market; 11-2; free;
Wilson, Nillsson; 8, public install, of officers.
MME. TOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-nlgfat; COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MOTHER SADIE, materializing seance to-day,
12 o'clock; also 8 p. m. 1084 Bush at; 50c
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
eight ex. Saturday; admission 10c 148 Sixth.
#IRS. BTODDARD'S convincing test circles 10c;
Sunday, Tuesday; readings dally. 278 9th et
BEOCKWATS Independent Elate writing and
psychic teat eeance to-nlrht: 25c. '1052 Ellis.
TESTS— «09 Market rear hall; 11. free; 2-8,
Swan, Maxwell, Wrenn, McKee, Hudson.
EDWARD EARLE' S slatewritlns; seance to-
tught 528 Ellis st .
SC.VDAY LECTURE.
WALTER THOMAS MILLS speaks Metropoli-
tan Temple. 2 p. m.; prelude on the strike;
lecture on "The Department Store." Music
by the Frank Brown Ladles' Orchestra; house
packed every Sunday; admission free; come
early.
- MKETIXG . NOTICES.
SLAVONIC I. M. B. Society. — -«¦«-,
Officers and members: You /iSV^fe»fc*\
arc hereby requested to as- tL-_y«*d^. .A
, semble at our hall. Alcazar l/fe*" «!>^3«J
building, 120 O'Farrell r,t., V#*i* :i £sS i iM
SUNDAY, April 27, at 8. a \fi , _ %>/
m. eharp, to participate in v^4«lii>^
the parade for our picnic; If the cars are not
running take the bus or walk and bring all
your friends with you; don't mlea this pic-
nic, as a pood time is assured for everybody
' , THE COMMITTEE. -"
D1NNA forget the St Andrew's «y x.
picnic, Fairfax Park, SATUR- 3l f\ Xi
DAY, Kay 3. An excellent pro- ~\\SlV£
gramme of panes and prizes has
been arranged; boats leave Sausalito • ferry
at 7 and 9:30 a. m. and 12:45 p." m. Tickets,
adults, r>Oc; children, 25c
JAMES ROLPH JR.. President
MEKTIXG
CALEDONIAN Club's thirty-sixth v CT *.
grand annual gathering and games 2V, uuj
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley,
May 30. 1902. » *SOTf
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN, Secy. ¦
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— A meeting of
the stockholders . of the United Crude Oil
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 418 Parrott building, in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, May 13, 1902. at 12
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for > the ensuing
year and for -the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
.^.i ¦-•¦- WILLIAM LEACH, . Secretary.
h AGENTS. WASTED..
AGENTS wanted — Either sex; my plan shows
how you may increase your income without
any capital, outfit or previous experience; my
plan does not Interfere with any occupation
you may be engaged in, because no one need
know you are my representative. If you are
, out of work you can earn $100 per month
working for me. You can learn how. to work
for me successfully in five minutes' time, and
the work Is strictly honorable, legitimate and
permanent. Address W. M. GRIFFIN, Key
104, Fort Wayne, Ind., for free particulars.
I do not want one penny of your money.
j OUR general agents now in the field are mak-
• ing from $500 to $1000 per month; we want 20
j more everywhere; our local agents are mak-
¦ ing from $5 to $15 per day; we want 50 more;
not like canvassing; pleasant occupation;
everybody will dve you an audience and
nearly everybody will do business. Call on
or address W. B. AMES, 701 Hayward build-
ing, California and . Montgomery sts., S. F.
THERE is but one authentic life of Dr. Tal-
rnage, and that is by his son and Rev. Mr.
Banks. D.D. Over 100 exclusive illustrations.
l>est book. Best terms to agents. Outfit 15c.
Address Occidental Publishing Co., Oakland,
Cal. ¦
AGENTS everywhere: write quick for greatest
money-making proposition ever- offered; no
experience required; success absolutely as-
sured: promotion for good workers. C. C.
KEENBELL CO.. Philadelphia.
BIG money proposition for hustlers for this city
and State; men making ten a day; small
capital required. Call Monday or address
Royal Wardrobe Co., Royal House, 126 Ellis
Et., San Francisco.
AGENTS wanted — Just published, a new, com-
plete and up-to-date map of California; ex-
clusive territory given to good salesman; ap-
ply at once. THE WHITAKER & RAY
CO.. 723 Market st.
RESPONSIBLE, energetic party to sell stock
in successful • manufacturing business; salary
and commission to right party. Apply 346
McAllister et.
AGENTS wanted, by manufacturing company
in this city; a proposition to right party;
men or . women. Apply 346 McAllister st. ¦
AGENTS — Do you want somethiug more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ASTROLOGY. ¦ . rjl^. x
UNDER WHAT STAR WERE YOU BORN?
Oriental astrology proves that the planets
govern your life as the moon rules the tides.
My readings guide you in matters of love.
i marriage, business, etc.' I never reveal names
or secrets entrusted to me. Satisfaction or
money refunded. Send date of birth and 10c
for copy of my book on "Astrology" and I
will give you a free trial reading of your
life and descriptive photo of "who you
should marry." PROF. B. POSTEL, 146
Lansdowne. Pa.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, 'collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick;quiet:
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market yt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some Bwell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap.' Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st and 305 Market st *
' BIRDS. DOGS, ETC. "" ¦
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song.
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.bet.8th&9th.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN. ~
LADY in Alaxneda wishes child to board; over
3 years of "age; mother's care. 1718 Benton
st.. Alameda.
BOOK.S-~y.EW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1500 — GROCERY, established 15 years; , aver-
age sales {2000 monthly; owner has claims
In Nome, Alaska; reason of selling. AL-
DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$1650— LODGING-HOUSE. 34 rooms; clears
$100 month; sickness cause of eale. ALDEN
CO.. 111S Broadway, Oakland.
$2500 — FIRST-CLASS candy business; a snap.
By ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$500— RESTAURANT on Market; must be sold;
bargain. A. STENBERG, 759 Market 6t
A ., $350
RESTAURANT
Muet be sold at once; rent only $30. For sale
only by A. STENBERG. 759 Market st.
A — 30 cigar stands; prices, $?5 to $2000; rents
56 to $125 monthly; profits, $2 to $7 daily.
HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg., 825 Market
A — CANDY store on busy street center city;
beautiful fixtures; good trade; owner sick.
Make offer to HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
WE have lodging-houses, etores, restaurants,
laundries,' saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sals or
exchange. Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market st, room 208.
$200— PARTNER wanted in old established
business office; established for years; pay-
Ing well; best of reasons for selling interest-
particulars TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis
St., room 10. - r ->'
FOR safe, profitable investment buy stock in
"Metropolitan Horse Owners' Association";
incorporated purpose operating thoroughbred
race horses on co-operative basis; prospectus
free. Address 805 Park Row bldg, N. Y.
WANTED — Partner as business manager for
opera company playing parks and summer
resorts; $20 week and share of profits; $1000
cash required; guarantee to clear 50 per cent
of investment in 00 days. Box 1648, Call.
$1000 per year income secured' by any one talc-
ing trouble to investigate our plans; no gold
mine or gambling scheme; simple, straight-
forward business proposition, unusual merit.
Jumlapa Co.. Fullerton bldg.. : St Louis, Mo.
HAVE lease of 60-room furnished house; will
give half Interest to the . right man or i
woman; very reasonable terms; prefer one
with experience; location very best Ad-
dress box 1463. Call office.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business;
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required; jio
2 night or Sunday work; trial given before you
buy. 25 Geary St., room 4. . ,
RETIRING from business; entire stock of
: furniture for sale; must vacate May 1; deal-
ers, lodging-house keepers invited. KRAUS-
GRILL & O'NEILL, 1324 Stockton st ;•*
25% monthly profit; shares $10; money with-
drawn any time If not satisfactory; send for
circular. SOLLITT & CO.. 123 Cedar et.,
Xew Tork. <Mention paper.) ; • . .
OUR new copyrighted system turf . speculation
averages 60% profit monthly; explanation free.
N. 8. HAND & CO., Expert Handlcappers,
804 Park Row bldg., N. Y. ; mention paper.
WANTED — Promoter to form stock company
for great money-making invention; bis for-
- tune in it for right man. - Inventor, box
1698. Call office. - : ' ,. " - -.
PRACTICAL caterer or cook .as partner In
flret-clasB restaurant; $500 required. J. R.
RICHARDS. Hotel Brokers' Co., 26 8th floor.
Mills building. . -
WANTED— A partner for country saloon ' and
beer bottling - establishment; must have' | at
least $1000 cash. Address box . 1645, .. Call.
CIGARS — Downtown corner stand, business
street for Bale; $250 if sold by the 1st. Ad-
dress box 1462. Call office.
HOW to secure good position or investment
with new lnterurban electric R. R. . • Address
with stamp, box o69, , Lima,' Ohio.
FOR sale — Cash grocery; receipts $3000 per
month; established. 1652. Address box 14S9,
Call office. -¦¦¦¦ : .-•¦¦- .
PLUMBING, gasfitting; good Jobbing trade •
will sacrifice; must be cold. •¦ Box 4269, -Call
office, Oakland. ¦ - .
$4000 — SACRIFICE, account illness; first-class
country hotel. , Owner, box 1445, Call office.
FOR sale, cheap — Good paying milk business;
owner obliged to leave city.- Box 1426,* Call.
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4336.
CaU office.
BPSIKESS^ CHAKCES---ConttnnedL_ M
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st .
A — Good investment; a manufacturing;
business; want $5000 additional capital ; the
business is well established and paying divi-
dends;, extra capital Is wanted to enlarge
the factory. • • • . Delicacy and dairy
produce store on Valencia st; 4 living rooms;
rent ?1G; price $220. • • • Branch bak-
ery and notions on Mason st, $200. • •• j
. Partner for a good corner ealoon.
Corner grocery and bar; must be sola, on
account of death in family. • • • Corner
saloon on Turk St.; good location. ¦•• «•
Best paying candy store on Larkin st. can
be had for $SCO. • • • Paying and ola
established saloon; well known and in a
good location. • * * Bakery and coffee
saloon; 4 living rooms ; good store trade;
low rent; lease if desired; only $1000. • * •
Butcher shop In Oakland: must be sold on
1 account of departure. • • • Bakery in
Sonora: baking 300 loaves daily; horse and
wagon; low rent; price $500. ¦ • • . T Drug
store and medical practice in a growing
country town; owner must go East; fine&t
opportunity ever offered to a young doctor.
. • • • For particulars call on JOSEPH
STRAUB, 850 Market st. ¦ \ '
ARE you looking for the best interest on your
money? We have the best proposition ever
offered to the public, where there is no risk
and your money is always at -your disposal
and will draw an average of over 4% per
week. Just think or it — more than you can
get in the bank in one year. We invite you
all to our office,, where we will give you full
particulars. Remember, you can invest from
up. AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSO-
CIATION, suite 615, Emma Spreckels Bldg.,
treasurer's department. Open evenings, 7-8.
BEST bargain on the bay; a fine summer and
winter resort; 20-room modern two-story
residence; 4 acres land; located in a- shel-
tered cove; only 50 minutes from Oakland;
in the beat and richest commercial center on
the bay outside of Oakland and San Fran-
cisco; this must and will be sold at less than
half value; see photos at our office.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$350— BUTCHER business doing $28 . a day,
including 3 horses, harness, 2 wagons, tools,
block, . etc ; party selling wishes to retire.
j $2000 — Hotel of 12 rooms, bar, etc. ; lot
50x130; good well; etreet work complete; lo-
cation central.
$4250 — Range of 4 stores; all rented; bring-
ing in $55 per month; on Main st. and good
location. ¦• . ' ¦
D. A. WENTWORTH, West Berkeley,
Real Estate and- Insurance Broker. .
$50 INVESTED with us will pay you more in
one month than any savings bank will pay
you on $300 in one year; your investment be-
gins earning this at once and continues to
do. so until you withdraw same; no stocks,
bond's or oil, but a business-proposition; best
of references; it will pay you to write us at
once. Denver Co-Opera tive Investment Assn.,
Exchange bide:., Denver, Colo.
ABSOLUTE proof furnished showing regular
weekly payment by us for years of from 3
to 6 per cent net weekly profits on all money
placed with us for investment; no losses; we
can do the same for you on any amount from
$25 upward. Full particulars and 1 references
sent by AL. FETZER & CO., (5B Eddy et.,
San Francisco. Established 1893. —
GREAT opportunity for an active young man
with $2500 to $30C0 to engage in stock busi-
ness, embracing deed to land convenient to
this city; fenced, good feed, abundance of
water; parties only meaning business ne%d
I apply. Address Box 1654. Call office.
' SALOON: Market st.; 5-year lease; rent $2pO;
• good fixtures ; good . business; owner has
I other business and must sell; genuine bar-
| gain at $5000. Box 16C6. Call office.
EXCEPTIONAL opportunity to purchase entire
or part interest in well-established .German
paper. Box 1699. Call office.
COMPLETE baker's outfit, with oven, for sale
at great bargain. Box 1647, Call office.
WANTED — Partner in printing business. For
particulars address box 146S, Call.
PLUMBING shop for sale, cheap; good locality.
1625 Devisadero st. /
(9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line: with house and 4 lota;
reasonable to right party. Box. 4S18, Call.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to Invest In a company owning
a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
ruperior to Treadwell mlno of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or invest In a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
A GOOD investment — A manufacturing busi-
ness wants $20,000 additional capital; the
business is well established and paying large
dividends and is increasing to the - necessity
for extra capital to allow further and natural
developments. Add. P. O. box 294, Oakland.
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing. $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will," furniture, fix-
tures, etc.; all. go;, opportunity Klven. for. In-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
- lsfactory reasons for selling. -Box 4511. Call.
ACTIVE man. with $5000. can establish broker-
age business and use his own money; large
profits; something rare. Box 1421, Call.
RESTAURANT; place for man and wife; very
low rent; good bus.; cheap. Box 1402. Call.
TRANSFER and baggage office; 2 horses and 2
wagons; a bargain. . Call- at 108 Taylor st
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. •
LODGING-HOTJSES FOR SALE!.
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 MARKET ST.,
THE LEADING LODGING-HOUSE AGENT.
.' Any house sold on monthly payments.
CALL FOR OUR LARGE LIST. '
100 rooms; elegant; modern; lnvestlgate.$20,(K)0
65 rooms; corner; a bargain 8,000
40 rooms: central; clears $250 3,500
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms........ 1,700
- 25 rooms; long lease; payments....'. .. 2,400
20 rooms; very good; snap ..1,050
Brooms; downtown; clears $60 .650
20 rooms; transient; clears $150 1,950
25 rooms; rent $30; Income $85; only.. 225
0 rooms; corner; very good 375
9 rooms; O'Farrell st. ; a bargain..... 450
15 rooms; north of Market 1,000
15 rooms; long lease; clears $100; only. 1,000
7 rooms; snap; Geary at... • 200
20 rooms; Eddy st; clears $150....... 2,200
12 rooms; Mason St.; dears $70.. 700
ATENTION — To buy. sell or exchange, call
on A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 631. ¦:¦
906 Market St., corner Ellis. -
A. CAMERON & CO.. —————.
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st,
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices: in all parts of city.
SPECIAL SALES THIS WEEK.
16 r. ; rent $30; rms. sunny; good loc.& fur. $600
11 r. ; rent $50; Al loc; hardwood fur. .. 350
30 r.; fine loc; 45 boarders; clears $200.. 3500
Money ' loaned, 1% per cent.'
GOOD transient house; new furniture.. ..$1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 750
100 rooms. ; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300' rooms: corner house: for men •. . . 5000
CO rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $65: terms. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
• Money loaned at 1 per cent. . • ¦•
Hotels, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market et.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses all . sizes and
prices. In all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$S50
20 rooms; sunny; good renter ;..... 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner. ; 200
11 rooms; downtown; good ............. 700
18 rooms; rent $37 fiO; make offer....... 900
Money' loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,'
850 MRrket st. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers ' in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish- vacant houses and .
.--;'•;¦ Loan Money at lowest rates. '
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.- -
FLAT finely furnished; will sell at tremendous
sacrifice ; give terms suit ' purchaser. MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery st, room 4.
MORTGAGED lodging-house *' at tremendous
sacrifice. Morrison & Co., 20 Montgomery, r. 4.
Lodging-house^- 19 rms.; rent $75; clears $135;
$1300. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4. .
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered In lodging-houses
during the present > week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. / ,
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th & 6th sts.
Buyers, notice abo\ r e announcement and
. call at hl3 office before you buy a house. -' \
WINSTON & . WOLF. ~ ~ ~ "
1026\Market st.'. : '.
100 rooms; rent $212; modern and new.;..$6S00
63 rooms; downtown; new; see this. . . . .$4800
3S rooms; rent $85: ra money- maker .V... $1000
34 rooms; rent $100: Just listed. ....;... .$1900
20 rooms; new; central; reduced to..>.. .$1450
A — Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money ' to Loan. .
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for Eale on easy terms.. Please call. ;.
A— H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.\ : '¦ ¦<••;¦
Before buying a ¦; lodging-house, .. rooming-
house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country, it will be to your advantage to -call
at our office. We do not offer places for'fiale
. unless the value Is in sight. ',;-, ;..-:•_-,:
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn; rent $55.'! $850
• 7 rooms;;flat; Van Ness; nice. furniture.".- 550
11 rooms; housekeeping;, rent $32..... ..: 600
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call, •
Liberal loans to buyers.' = Low, rates.- : - ;
. HEALY & CARR. 027 Market st. room 2O8. s
A FINE house of, 25 : rooms for . only ¦ $1100;
lease; low rent; small cash payment. RYAN
& O'ROURKE. S19 Market: phone Mint 865.
HELP WASTED — 3tALE---Coa : J^ .
MURRAY & READY.... ».'. .Phone 5848 Mala
- ..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
...............634-936 Clay st
SPECIAL TO-DAY SUNDAY .
Sunday, OfflceVOpen 8 to 12 Nooa ....
...'.. Santa Fe Company's Own Work .....
.; FREE FARE •••
60 section bands Santa Fe R. R.
25 men for ballast gangs Santa Fe K. K.
15 men steel gang .... Santa Fe R. R.
45 men entlan gang <¦ .Santa F» R. K.
SHIP DAILY FREE •
..; ..... NEVADA STATE ....:
... .. SALT LAKE DIVISION
350 teamsters. Nevada Sunday
250 rockmen, Nevada , To-day
150 concrete men* Nevada -. • • • Sunday
230 carpenters' he.pers, mason helpers, steel
gang, etc
Railroad Men To-day Sunday
LABORERS •
10 laborers for factory work, near city
5 laborers. Napa Co., $34 and found; 10 la-
borers, city, 8 hours' work, $1 75; 10 laborers,
city, $2 day; 15 laborers for mines, $30 to
$75; 75 men for laboring Ife quarries, $60; 175
laborers for sawmills and woods, $30 to $75
and found ...'....
.'.........DAIRIES, FARMS. ETC
6 men to thin and pick fruit, $26 and found:
4 men to cut and pack asparagus, $30 and
found; 6 farmers, same fruit ranch. $29 and
found ; 18 ranch teamsters, $30 to - $40 and
found; 4 haymakers; 16 vineyard hands, $23
to $30 and found; 5 scraper teamsters, ranch,
$26 and found:, 5 men. to make themselves
useful on ranch, no teaming. 528 and found ;
3 butter makers: 4 cbeesemakers; 18 milk-
ers, $25 to $40 and found; 14 choremen, $20
to $30 and found; 17 chore boys. etc. $12 to
$20 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
Choreman and groom, private place, $25 and
found; buggy washer, $60; 8 stablemen,
country, $30 and $35; . stableman, north;
married stableman, country, $40 and bouse;
stableman, city.
2 men to hand lumber, city, $2 day; boys for
factories; boys for stores; man and wife for
small boarding-house, $25 and found; farmer
and wife; 10 teamsters, near city, $60; 19
laborers, near city, $2 day.
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
243 men wanted for different work In woods,
mills and yards, wages $30 to $73 and found,
reduced fares, send daily; shingle saw filer,
$75 and found; shingle> packer, and others;
log sniper. $G0 and found ¦
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
27 blacksmiths, city and country, $45 and
found to $75; 2 brick molders, mining com-
pany, $75; 2 kiln burners, mining company's
brickyard. $75; band sawyer, - city Job: 2
painters, city, $3 day; painter's helper, $22;
wcod turner, city: gang edgerman; 2 rcugii
, carpenters, city; 10 carpenters. $3 50 day...
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
17 cooks, $35, $40 and $50 and found, city
and country Jobs; cook for ranch, good Job.
$30 and found; 4 second cooks; 4 cook help-
ers; 2 third cooks; head waiter, good hotel,
north, $35 and found; head waiter, hotel,
south. $35; waiters for other places, city and
country. $30 to $40 and found; 25 kitchen
hands; dishwashers, vegetable men, etc , etc.
Laundry man, small institution..* „
.-. TO-DAY SUNDAY
MURRAY & READY, 634-636- Clay st
A^ TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .429 Bush st.
....New Railroad Work
S Free Fare Free Far»
For Nevada ...:
2000 teamsters and laborers. $2 to $2 25 day
100 concrete laborers $2 day
.' '. .. For Chatsworth Park
500 tunnelmen, drillers, headers and muck-
ers for 3 new tunnels, dry work $2 50 day
500 outside laborers, same place. $1 75 day
Ship To-day (Sunday)
Free Fare. ...... .Free Fare .Free. Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st
200 LABORERS AT HUNTERS POINT; $2
PER DAY. CITY STREET IMPROVE-
MENT companyT
STRONG boy for general work; wages $3.
COOPER'S, 74o Market st
WANTED— A first-class dinner waiter at 304
Mason st; wages $4 a week.
WANTED — A clean, steady waiter. Ill Lar-
kin st
EXPERIENCED dishwasher at 8 Polk st
YOUNG man to wash dishes. 230 Fourth st
WANTED — Boys. Apply factory AMERICAN
. CAN CO.. Seventh and Townsend ats,
BARBER shoo for sale; 1353 Bush st; $50;
object, going to leave town.
PAINTERS — Carriage painters wanted.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Goldea Gate ave.
OPERATOR on coats. BELASCO 4c HARRIS
COMPANY. -¦¦--.-
WANTEDt- An experienced boys* and chil-
dren's clothing: salesman. Apply 7:30 a. m.
Saturday at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 71S Mar-
' ket at . .- - • " ¦; • ,:...:- . ¦ ,
OFFICE boy about 15 In wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928, Call.
WANTED — Aa assistant bookkeeper at $60 a
month who will make himself worth more;
give references. R, E. F.. box 1432, CalL
WANTED^ — Bookkeeper familiar with sash and
door business. Box 1448, Call.
WANTED — Wagoa blacksmith. 637 Brannaa
street
FIFTY quarrymen. $2 per day. Apply 9 But-
ter st, second floor.
BARBER shop. 3 chairs and baths; finely furn-
ished; in nearby town; old stand: price very
reasonable. STOLTZ. 723 Market st
HELP . for the New Department Store to be>
opened about Sept. 1 In tha Murphy build-
- Ing. formerly occupied by J. J. O'Brien *
Co. Apollcatlons will be considered by th«
management of the new store tor positions)
as heads of , departments and subordinates,
sales peoDle. head bookkeeper, manager of
advertising dept. manager mall order dept
and head porter. «
Applications for these positions eaa b«
made in person or by writing. No applica-
tion will be considered of other than experi-
enced and -well recommended applicants.
Address all communications to or apply la
person between the hours of 10 and 12 a. in.
and 1:30 and 3 p. m.. at room 439. Parrott
bldg. H. GOLDWATER. •
WANTED — Man with $130 for cigar stand: $70
month; no experience. BROWN. -1221 Mar-
ket st. . ¦ _
WANTED — An up-to-dato advertiser; on* who
can carry on a campaign successfully and
be able to write ada for special sales: East-
ern man preferred; state age and salary ex-
pected. Box 1477, Call office.
YOUNG men and | boys to work oa telescop*
cases. Cor. Seventeenth and Shotwell sts..
trunk factory.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable enerey ant*
push; good opportunity for right man. J\,
PERSON, room 412. Parrott buildin*.
YOUNG man: good position and steady. S3S
Washington st ¦¦ "¦ .
WANTED — A. few energetlo. Intelligent gentle-
men to present aa attractive, flrat-elasa finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100- to $30O mo.; salary and liberal comml*.
alon paid. Apply T. ,W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., wt. Sun.. St Nicholas Hotel, room
237. 1608 Market at y
WANTED — Recruits for .the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of food
character, between the ages of 21 and 36; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 feet X
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recrultlnc
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. . ..? -
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers la de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
. catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL«
LEQE. 635 Clay st "
' WANTED — Laborers - and mechanics to know
M that-Ed Rolklrs; Reno-House proprietor, still
,- runs Denver House.- 21 T Third at: ISO larg*
rooms; 25c per- night; 51 to $2 per week.
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured, $15 to $29
wky. Home Correspondence School. Phlla.
COATMAKERS; steady work; good pay
- BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 341 Market st
PRESSER' oa coats; steady work; cood par.
541 Market at \Z.
FIRST-CLASS tailors: good pay; steady em-
ployment. . 041 Market st ¦
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 341 Market st ¦
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady employment.
- 541 Market st . .
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD
624 Markt; past com. Wattrous PostG.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to 50c C63 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sta?
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulHs. room 40. PheUa"
big. Paat Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post Q.A.R.
600 1 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 563 Mission st. bit 1st and2d sti
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket-200 rooms 25c night; reading T^oolns;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A «n R a^ C ; H offl £* to i CaU advertisements and
Valencia st 3 . established at 10M
JL^DjQINjrV^O^USES^FOR_SALlB--^r»i^ |
IF. you have a rooming or apartment house for |
' ¦ sale, or if you want to borrow money at the
:. lowest rate of Interest, call on TOMLINSON
-'¦¦& CO., rm. 10.-.1Q5 Ellis Bt. (Glasgow block).
TRANSIENT -house, 11 rooms; rent $45; down--
' town central location; neat; clean and ..well
furnished; It is a beauty; I must sell quick;
bargain at $1000. >. Box '4974. Call office. ¦;¦¦;
60 ROOMS: pleasant i sunny ' corner; modern
; family hotel; furnishings expensive; liberal
; . 5-year lease; must be sold. Particulars box
•- 1CG7. Call office. .--¦¦ . ¦ --,¦-.''-¦-'¦
10 ROQMS,»store and basement; newly furnlsh-
; ed," papered and painted ; Al - location ; rent
.. low. ;¦ Apply Eastern Outfitting Co., 1304 to
1310 Stockton' st. . • ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ .-
75 LODGING-HOUSES for sale, - from $200 to
.. $0000 ; : good locations': bargains: snaps; in-
vestigate. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
¦ MONEY -to loan on rooming-houses: 28-room
house, only $1000, .part cash.. Room, 31, : 819
Market £t. - : . :
$425— NEWLY furnished house: choice' loca-
'-.i.'.'tlon; departure;, bargain. 1010 Larkin.
HOUSE cle|iring $25; newly furnished. 102»&
Sixth st. ., : ; • -¦ ¦ . . . - . .. ; ¦ .
NEW apartment house for sale or rent ' 245
! Grant ave. . -.
SPIRITUALISM.
BE sure to read of ISMAR'S discovery of a
¦ hidden treasure on page 40. • . ' * *
A— C. .V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p.m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J.^ J. trance, bus. meium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
: letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay.'Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thura.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay— Circles Sun-
! day and Wed., 8 p. ,m.; Tuesday, .2 p. m. ..
DR. A. WILLARD DUNLAP. and wife, elair-'
voyants — Circles Sun, and Thurs.; 651 Jessie.
BROCKWATS independent slate writing and
, psychic test seance to-night; 25c. 1052 Ellis. I
ETHEL CRINDLE— Materializing and vocal \
seance Sunday, eve. ; 50c. 325 Ellis st. (
KATIE HEUSSMANN sittings resumed at 1774
Fifteenth st.. near Guerrero. ' .
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.^ ;
JUST ARRIVED. ~~ .
JUST ARRIVED.
Do you want to know your future? If so
call at 1035 Market st. room 2, and consult |
that wonderfully gifted life reader now lo- j
cated there, t This woman was born with the J
wonderful gift of foresight and is therefore
enabled to give you a correct reading of your I
future as well as to tell you of things that j
• happened to you years ago, for your past life
¦ Is like an open book to this wonderful woman. |
Let her advise you. Let her help you. lor
¦ \ she can do it if you will give her a chance.
-j Prices within the reach of all. Hours 10 to
I 6; Sundays, 10 to 2. 1035 Market st. -
BE sure to read of Ismar's discovery of a hld-
¦ den treasure on page 40.
MME. E. BERNARD.
/ (THE FAMOUS :
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurata
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4560.
ISMAR THE GYPSY
. . Has Removed .To
1104 Market st.. Corner Turk,
Ismar, the Egyptian seeress, has removed to
' more commodious quarters in the Vendome,
1104 Market st, corner Turk, offices 9 and 10,
where she can be : consulted dally on all af-
fairs of life. Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun-
days 10 to 12 m. • ¦ '
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
' 20; .take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. - Dally .and- Sunday. ¦
MME: PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
* diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies 50c,
, gents $1; palm, and elair. sit $1 50. 120 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A' Ellis;, clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
A — CONTINUED — MISS WILLE, crystal seer.
326A Ellis st, will continue; her readings
Tuesday; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ARRIVED— Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
2 of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sep-
arated, finds treas. 1007 V4 Mkt, parlors 7-8.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
A — Mrs. Melvlll, wonderful . clairvoyant,' water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; hours, 0 to 9.
MRS. C. STEPHENS, 104 Fell, nr. Van Ness-
Clairvoyant, card reader; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st.'room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
HAVE you been to see that wonderfully gifted
life reader at 1035 Market st. ?/
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gent3 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
COLLECTION ''OFFICES. O V
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES' TO LET. -^ . ' .
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New Cottage, 7 rooms,
bath, furnished. A.R.HARRISON. 78 Geary.
CARPET BEATIN Q^Ayj^CJUBANINO.
WHEN you' become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd; ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market,bet.8th&9th ;tel.Howard 2913.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works fprlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th Bt; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen.
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ;. telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
teL.East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74. f '
A— DR.T. S*. HIGGINS. 927 Market St.. Emma
Bpreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold ; and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, . a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5, up. .." ' .,'/';.".¦
Painless extraction. , . ' ' .'• .
- I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes ' for. best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
1 derf ul secret, | painless method ; , 20 -"ears' \ ex-
perience; no students;, .advice free; prices
cheapest and; guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'garrell at.-- -''
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. , S09 Market.^ cor^
4th, ¦. r. 1 7.- Flood i bldg. ; . extractions, done , pain-
.lessly; .teeth without, plates our, specialty; gold
.:,; crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
•-¦-; up; office hours." 9 a. m.'- to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
, ;9 to 2. J./Wr THATCHER.' D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY. Dental Parlors, G Turk st-Tcor. Mason—
. Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady .attendant. •'¦ R." C. ¦ ANDER-
,. ' SON.D.D.S., proprietor and manager. ,:..- , ; ;
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
. plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-'
-ranted. Chiiago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st;
DR.: E. P. SHEPARD, 14 /" Geary St.— Expert
¦ workmanship, only; reasonable; hours; 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. ; Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns,' $3; fillings, , 50c. .
MEYER, , 46 O'Farrell. : late of 6 < Turk X st—
v Crown and bridge work; gas specialist*,'. i*j A
SET of 'teeth* without plate. DR.' H. G*
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. . * ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PATTERNS, . patterns, -, patterns— Pattern; open-
! Ing; latest styles from N.\Y.; come and exam-
ine and visit the largest and best conducted
V • school • on ! the ; coast ; • special ", inducements ¦: to
- pupils '¦ entering this week ; ; millinery r course
: unsurpassed, i McDowell ; School,^ 1019 . Market
McDOWELL" Dressmaking and Millinery School;
. corset-making taught; patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
LADY correspondent, not . ' typewriter : state
,-i age, wages, etc. Address box 1458, -Call.
HOUSEKEEPER; short ' distance from city;
small family. Box 1669. Call.
.WANTED— First-class cook; wages $30. Call
between : 10 and 12, 2100 California st
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands for
waists, and suits. Call 107 Post st.
i FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and operators. 209
Turk st. ' .' ' - ---• '
STENOGRAPHER, law office, $35: state by
whom and how long employed. Box 1465, tall.
REFINED lady to travel. Box 1686. Call.
GIRL to assist with light housework;
home. Apply at 2717 Union st. ¦
BRIGHT girl apprentice for dressmaking; paid.
loa Geary St.. room 129. ¦
WANTED— First-class waitress; $8 a week.
BREUSS Cafe. 70 Third st. .
EXPERIENCED operators on custom and stock
shirts. ROGERSON'S.-535 Valencia st.
GOOD woman as housekeeper for dressmaker.
209 Turk St. ¦ - "
WANTED^Flrst-cIass ironers at Oakland
Laundry Co., 690 29th st, Oakland.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS, learn a money-making trade; become
something besides servants; be smart; take
advantage of a good thing; learn hairdress-
ing; .requires only two weeks; If you bring
this ad. it costs only $3 50, Including mani-
curing, massage, shampooing, hair work, etc;
our pupils earn from $50 to $75 per month;
private customers as well as the leading
stores furnish them work;* we want two
young women immediately to fill two posi-
tions; evening class for working girls. S. F.
HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE, 233 Geary St.,
rooms 13-15.
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured, $15 to $25
- wkly. Home Correspondence School. Fbila.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WHJ»
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — 5 girls to learn hairdressing. manl-
, curing, massage and hair w'ork; only 2 week*
- required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers, assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class.
¦ College. 233 Geary st. /rooro« 13-15.
OPERATORS and girls to learn. Standard
Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
Hairdressing-, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College,1236L
Market, rm. 94; splendid position; day, eve.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party.
F. FERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
wear. 656 Mission st. third floor. . « - .,:;'
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' over-
skirts; good pay. 656 > Mission st, third floor.
FOCPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
good pay. 656 Mission st, third floor.
EXPERIENCED ironer. 658 Mission st. third
¦ floor. ¦
PANTS operators wanted" by 8. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N.' WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary .st
GOOD operator on pants; steady work. 30
¦ Geary st. ¦ ¦
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market at.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market at . . ' .
WANTED — Experienced ehir'tmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been- established' at 1098
Valencia at. --.-'¦ ¦ - - - ¦ .
- HELP WANTED-— MALE.
AT THE CAU EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
69 Third St.. phone Bush 405.
......... RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE ..FREE FARE
100 teamsters. Nevada. . . .$2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 day
60 concrete men $2 25 per day
SPECIAL TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
S. P. Co.'s own work south ,
'. 20 men for extra gangs. $1 60
20 section hands ..' 11 60
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods.
$26 to $65 month and board, fare advanced.
20 railroad laborers.. $26 per mo. and board
For New Logging Camp. -
20 swampers...... $35 per month and board
50 ' crosscutters, timber fellers, Jackscrew
' men, chain tenders, barkers, etc
.......$40 to $55 per month.
Edgerman $3 per day
Head setter $3 per day
Machine blacksmith, $3 per day. . fare paid
Fireman .*. , $2 25 per day
Oiler $2 per day
10 laborers. 8 hours .....$1 75 per day
10 laborers, quarry, board at home. .$2 day
4 ranch hands $1 per day and board
Man and wife for ranch .....$45
Office open Sunday until 12.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY........ ...69 Third at
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Night clerk, $15, country hotel. "
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Pantryman. $30. resort
WANTED — Good carpenter and cabinetmaker
for casket factory: must be willing- to assist
generally in undertaking- department; steady,
single man preferred: permanent position to
right man. Address, stating experience, etc.,
box . 1677. Call. ¦ ' ¦ »
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists, electri-
cians: New 40-page pamphlet containing
I questions asked by Examining Board Engl-
| neers; sent free. GEO. ZELLER, Pub-
lisher. St: Louis. Mo. ¦•---¦¦ - ¦:
SALESMAN wanted — To call on doctors only
on behalf of the leading firm In the business;
established trade; permanent; applicant must
be intelligent, indefatigable; state experience.'
-"Address P. O. Box 85$\ Philadelphia.
WANTED — A young man of good address and
extensive acquaintance in city; permanent
position and - excellent opportunity with a
¦ large company for a hustler. Address Box
1661. Call office. .
GOOD incomes and agreeable work for two
energetic solicitors introducing large English
insurance company. Address, stating experi-
ence. Box 1459. Call office.
WANTED — Horseshoer with $100' to Join a
practical man in ' big - paying shop: horse,
cart and $150 stock: good chance for suitable
party. P. S. DE LUCA,' 313 ¦ Kearny at. ,
WANTED — Advertising "¦ programme collector
for opera Co. playing parks,' $15 wk. and ex-
¦ . penses; $200 cash security; required. Box 1649.
¦ ENERGETIC workers, every j locality, to j dis-
tribute circulars, samples, booklets^ etc. tgocxi
pay; permanent Distributors Leagiia^.N.. Y..
SALESMAN -who can sell goods -.wanted,- for
wholesale drug, house;, must have Al refer-
ences. Address Box 1663, Call office. .
BOY wanted who understands quarter binding,
, - and make himself generally useful. 422 Sac-
ramento st v-r'^ ' '. . .
WANTEDTT-Kwerienced ' domestic salesman.
.( Apply :; between "8 ', and. 11 a. m. at HALE
;_-BROS. -,' > .-:' ...... -:>-fjt
TQUNGjman- stenographer and entry clerk in
»* commission house ; must bo active, i Address
rBox-1673. Call office. - .- ¦
FIRST-CLASS snotter, also presser on gents'
clothes; steady work; good pay. Address
' Dyeing Works, Sll L St., - Bakersfleld.
PHOTOGRAPHER with a little money for
commercial printing: good lot of customers;
, a snao. Call 1928 Market at. _
EARNEST young man willing to work, for his
tuition. California Business College, 305
. ', Larkin st. ;
BOY wanted, - about 16 :• reference required.
• SAHLEIN'S Millinery. 873 Market st.
PARTNER wanted; light -business; $150 cash;
I good chance for young man. 40 Ellis, ' rm. 13.
WANTED — Jewelry salesman to sell new souv-
enir spoon on commission.' Box 1662, ; Call.
WANTED— Young man, IS to 20, to , as3lat in
bookkeeping. Address Z,.box 1653. Call office.
CASH boys, with references. Apply at - LIV-
. INGSTON BROS.. 123 Post at
BEDMAKER wanted at the Dewey 32 East
; :¦ - st - - L. HAMILTON. , Prop. . ;
WANTED— Bill" clerk for lumber office; must
N be experienced; references. Box 1467, Call.
W ANTED-^At 630 Market st, ; ex-soldiers to
: ; solicit 1 and do clerical work. '¦< . O. • E. , HOWE.
FOREMAN : to take ; charge t of • 'coat . factory;
steady < work ; and • good salary 1 to ' right man.
& HARRIS CO.; 541' Market st
! ¦ -' ¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦ _ EDUCATIONAL. ¦¦__¦'¦' : - ¦¦¦y_;
' HEALD' S 1 SCHOOL^ OF^ELECTRICAL ENGI-
• NEBRING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion. ¦ laboratory : and shop work; 'thoroughly
practical ; day and night. 24 Post st. S. F. :
catalogue . free. '. • ' --
SUMMER term night school for men. Y. M. C.
A. building— Arithmetic, bookkeeping, Eng-
, lish, . penmanship, stenography . and typewrit?
/ ¦ ing, naval architecture, steam engineering;
. special . tuition : for special courses. . Call at
• Association building for particulars. -:
A— $50; LIFE scholarship at ATRES 1 BUSI-
, NESS COLLEGE, 723 Market St., pays for
the combined commercial and shorthand
courses; new -.typewriters; positions secured;
catalogue free. •¦-
ACTUAL business .'from start to finish; no
¦ theory., np copying; learn to keep books as
'bookkeepers keep them ; the Ellis " system is
the only way; daily drill in rapid figures and
writing. , S. F. Business College, 1236 Market.
GOLDEN GATE Com'l College, 530 Golden
; Gate ave., S. F. — Special spring and summer
term; bookkeeping, shorthand, penmanship
and. English; get information; position ¦ soon
. as qualified.
A— GALLAGHERrMARSH College, indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will ! remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 1382 Market st,',on'or about May 1, 1902.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. ,
A — THE LYCEUM^ an accredited preparatory
school for. the university, law ¦ and medical
cclleges; references, President "Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Ph elan building.
DANCING pupils prepared for the stage; waltz,
¦ buck and wing, clog, jigs, reels, skirt, song.
Private lessons dally at IRVINE'S, 421 Post
-St., between Powell and .Mason. ¦ . ¦ '
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
.vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1 804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 210 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
1 modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. ¦ 305 Larkin at.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March; rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market
; ACTING, elocution, specialties ; Hallet School ;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farr ell st.
SPANISH, French. eto.Prof. De Fil ippe' s Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dl371;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West.desires pupils. Mme.'
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting;. individual in-
struction; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom;.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
¦¦ class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr, (ith.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
I VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class.
BARKER'S Academy, 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; t new SO-page catalogue free.
~~—^_ _ ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS Inspected and re^aTrea^atmoderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff,565 Mission; tel.John 3856.
FINANCIAL.
69,980 SHARES of the capital stock of the
Flores Hale & Co. were sold at auction on
March 21st; the time for confirmation of the
sale by the Superior Court has been set for
April 28th at 2 o'clock p. m.. in Department
0; any person may appear in Court on that
day and overbid the purchasers; the highest
bidder, if the price is satisfactory . - to the
Court, will j secure the property. For other
. property of .the estate for sale same day see
"Country Real Estate" and "City. Real Es-
tate" columns of this paper. .For all infor-
mation apply, to
, McGLYNN & MENTON,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, Room
22. Chronicle building. . 1
COMPANIES incorporated and financed : U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
. investigate our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
aition to guarantee stock ' Issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
.American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for Investors
to come in on the ground floor of first-class
propositions: correspondence solicited. Pacific
] States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st; established 1892.
WANTED—$1300: money repaid In 12 monthly
* installments with . $50 .per t month Interest
Box 1691. Call. " ¦...,.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
j 4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50 with No 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner bis;.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove^rb^sTln^heworM;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R, HANSEN & CO.'S...... 429 Bush st
...." HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
2 nurses, institution, country $30
* 2 waitresses, resort, see party here $20
S Waitress, summer retort, short distance.. $20
- 20 waitresses, city, | country and spring
• hotels ......". $20-530
Waitress, mining town; washing & $30 & fd
Chambermaids and chambermaids to wait £20
........ FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Woman I with a child old enough to go to
6chool, $15, fare paid; houseglrl. small fam-
ily, city, $25, last girl nine years there;
ranch cook, $25; houseglrl, country, nice
-place, $25; others, city and country...
C. R. HANSEN &. CO... ..429 Bush at
(Opposite California Hotel.)
WANTED— 4 cooks, -little wash, $30; 2 cooks,
no wash, country, $30; 2 parlor maids, $23;
6 second girls, city and country, $25; 2 nurae
girls,'' $20, $25; 8 chambermaids and waitress-
es, family hotels, 520 and $25; 4 waitress-
es, country hotels, $20; cook and second girl,
same house, short distance country, $25, $20;
woman to. work In bath house, $20; 99 girls
to call Monday to fill nice positions; places
too numerous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st. ' , '
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
, .Pantry, girl, .$25, resort --
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
¦Waitress, $20,^ for resort.
WANTED — An experienced stenographer, fami-
liar. With codes, export'' and commission busi-
ness, quick at figures; salary $50; references.
Box 1466, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators, also girls about 16
, to learn; paid while learning. Reynolds Mus-
lin Underwear Mfr., -697 Mission, corner 2d.
GIRLS to learn knitting trade; cheerful, well-
ventilated workrooms; naid while learning.
. GANTNER & MATTERN CO.. 1017 Hyde St.
.WANTED — Experienced .crockery saleslady;'
give wares expected and . reference. Box
1456. Call. • -¦'..• !
WANTED — Girl with some experience in put-
¦ ¦ ting up medicines and extracts; state experi-
C ence. Address box 167G. Call. ¦ ;
FIRST-CLASS presser on ladles' cloths ; steady
- work year round; - $2 ' per day.' Cleaning
TXorks, 809 L st, Bakersfleld. v:
WANTED— Competent stenographer and typ'st.
* Apply Monday only, between hours of 10 and
11 a. m.. S. -N.:W0OD & CO.'S. 718 Market.
NEAT, girl <e f or .¦ easy < "house work J and a care I for
(*i little 1 girl; gcoodfbome 'for**."; roodVsJtind'eiri/
;-j 1004. Grove st. . ;.. ; - - jX
, LADIES— Copy j letters'' home ; : $4 tto j 88 'weekly ;
•^ssend.stampedrenvelope 1 for application, Jklon-
S arch ; Supply: Co.,": Dept* 114,i Cbicaea
YOUNG : girl s to " assist • in , small family; good
"-home; light work; Sundays off; small wages.
* 17 Woodward ave. : , near , 13th . and .Valencia.
A SECOND girl to wait at table and assist in
- \ housework. Call between 9 and 1 ¦ at ' 2320
Broadway..- .' ¦ •
YOUNG girl to : learn cigarette making; ex-
perienced preferred. Apply at 424 Montgom-
¦¦.¦:ery. st. -"_*""''-': •;¦;¦'.•..' .-.-.. ¦.-¦"A '-.-'*
EXPERIENCED • operators '¦ en shirt waists;
good, w aces. v Bauer Bros.'. Co.. 21. Sanscme.
WANTED— An ' active, intelligent young person
as useful , companion to lady. Box 1651, Call.
YOUNG lady compositor; $8 week; steady." Call
: Sunday,' 12 to 1, 510 Commercial st.
WANTED--Waist -'/ finishers and improvers.
>¦ 2014, Sutter. St. ¦'-';.¦',. .¦¦;¦¦¦.-, i" ¦: ¦••¦•/:;;
WANTED— Lady piano player; -¦ road show.
'_ Box ,1060. -Call. '.- '-¦¦¦¦•-.;¦¦¦>.¦ J ¦
WANTED— First-class hair ' dresser : and mani-
¦ cureT^BLOCH'S. 141 Post st. -¦'.. < ..,-,- ¦
NEAT, intelligent - i'oung • lady - for reception
.-: girl ; ¦ dental • office. • Box 1644. Call. . .
WANTED — A *•?" stenographer ' and typewriter;
: * salary ?25 monthly.' S. T., box 1457. Call.
$25 TO $35 week guarantd: ; theatrical; 5 ladies
1 and 3 gents; no experience* necessary.'-- Cald-
- well College Oratory : & Acting, ' 1327 Market.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRED 27j 1902.
For Additional Classified Ada See Pass 38.
37
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE. I
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., '• j
14 Montgomery St
REAL ESTATE.
(G5.UOO — R*nts $33o per mouth; a three-story
and basement brick building in whole-
sale district.
$65,000 — Rents $435 per month; downtown ho-
tel, containing £0 rooms under lease;
0ox!37 :ti.
$35,000 — Rents J220 per month; choice corner
on McAllister st; good improvements;
82x100.
f 21,000 — Rents $145 per month; choice aown-
town corner; two eubstantlal brick
buildings; always rented; 37:«x80.
$20,000 — Rents »1<53 . r >0 per month; Washington
et.; tix modern fiats of 5, 6 rooms and
bath each; in perfect order and stead-
ily renteii; 42 :<5xl37 :«.
5:6,500— Rents $luo per month: Ellis st, near
Hyde; three modern flats of C. 7
rooms and bath each; in perfect order;
2CxS7:6.
516,000 — Herts S1S0 per month; Octavia st;
near Ellis; three newly built flats of
7, 6 rooms and bath each; elegantly
finished; 25x110.
$15,000 — Rents ?120 per month; Pine st, near
Hyde; three substantial flats of 7, 8
rooms and bath each, with rear cot-
tage: 34x137:6.
$12,500 — Turk St.. near Van Ness ave.: *ub-
' ctantial residence of 16 rooms and
bath; larj.-e lot, 3bxl20.
$12,500 — Rents fS7 per month; choice corner
near Eighteenth and Mission sts.;
good Improvements, consist of six flats
of 4. 5 rooms and bath each; 60x85.
$12,500 — Jackson st.. near First ave.: a newly
built residence of 8 rooms' and bath,
with stable in rear: large lot 77x129.
$10,_>0 — Rents $85 per month; choice corner on
Jones et. ; new Improvements; three
modern flats of C rooms and bath: cle-
. gantly finished and commanding a
view.
$10,000— Fell et., opposite Park Panhandle; an
elegant xesidence of 10 rooms and
bath, servants' room, etc.; all in per-
fect order; 25x100.
$10,000— Rents $<S0 per month, which Is low;
corner on Mission st., near Sixteenth;
good building, containing two stores .
and flat of 7 rooms and bath: SOxSO.
IS, 500 — Rents $81 per month; Jackson St.;
three modern flats of 7. 8 rooms and
bath each; 25x127:8^4.
. IS, 200 — Rents $60 per month; Mason St.; 3
; modern flat* of 5. 0 rooms and bath
each; steadily rented; 25x100; good
buy.
$8,000 — Rents $78 50 per month; Folsom st;
three newly constructed flats of 5, 6
rooms and bath each; 25x98.
r7,5OO^ — Rents $55 per month, which. Is lew;
Hyde st. ; two stores and flat of 6
rooms and bath.
»«.S00— Choice corner on Broderlck st: well-
built two-story house of 8 rooms and ]
bath, in perfect order; commands a
nice view; 25x100.
$6,600— Baker Bt., near Park; well-built two-
etory residence of 9 rooms and bath,
„_. brick foundation, etc.: 25x100.
$6,250— Facing Park Panhandle; well-built 2-
etory residence of 9 rooms and both,
bay windows, brick foundation, etc.;
In perfect order; 25x137:6.
$6,150— Rents $43 per month, which will read-
ily ttand an increase; Howard St.;
two tnodern flats of 5. 6 rooms and
bath each; 27x85.
$5.500 — Clayton Et. near Park Panhandle:
newly constructed residence of 7
rooms and bath; elegantly finished;
25x106.
*4,500 — Rents $40 per month; two flats of 6
rooms and bath each; in good order;
25x75.
?4,250 — Rents $35 per month;" Twenty-fifth
et. ; two bay-window flats of 5, 6
rooms and bath each; corner lot.
$4,250 — Reduced; near Twenty-fourth and
Dolores sts.; a well-built and hand-
somely finished house of 8 rooms and
bath: costly mantels, art glass, etc.;
23x117:6 to alley; a snap.
14,000 — Corner on First St.. near Folsom; good
two-etory house of 7 rooms and bath;
25x75.
$4,000 — Rents 540 per month: near Eighteenth
and Valencia sts.; four fiats of 3
rooms each; steadily rented; 25xS0.
?3.000— Rents $26 per month r Hayes st; three
flats of 4, 5 rooms each; steadily
rented.
$2.250 — Reduced from $3000. In order to make
quick sale; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; in good order; large lot, 50x114.
Call or write for our Real Estate Record,
containing a list of properties for sale In all
part* of the city.
Latest pocket map of San Francisco, 25c
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG,
144 MONTGOMERY STREET.
S«nd for our complete printed list of prop-
erties fcr sale in all sections of the city.
HANDSOME NEW FLATS.
$5.540 — Two fine flats; Bartlett. near 26th: all
latest conveniences; big basement; lot
25x125.
EM WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
$21.600 — Howard .et.. near Second; 40 feet front,
through to rear street; an excellent
buy; big increase soon.
$2,C00— Lot 55x120, with 2 frontages; rent $26;
Lombard, near Steiner; only % of lot
Improved: big bargain: to close estate.
$13,000— Rent $114: could be Increased; Pine
St., near Steiner; lot 50 feet front,
through to rear street: improvements
„. '' pood; always rented; good Investment.
*S,000 — Close to Page and Ashbury ets. ; 3 bay-
window flats, containing 5 and 6 rooms
and bath, etc., each; total rents $72 60.
AN VP-TO-DATE HOME.
$2,S50 — S500 cash; Tenth ave., near J it; 2
blocks south of the Park; contains 6
large rooms; latest sanitary plumbing;
lot 25x120.
$5,5O»— Pacific et.. near Leavenworth; large
lot. 45rC2:6: improvements, etore and
flat; rente $40: could be increased.
$7,000— Rents $65; 2 brand-new Waller-st
flats. 6 rooms, etc.. each; key lot; good
light and sun; splendid bargain.
$5,500— Rent 549; offer wanted; Liberty st.
near Guerrero; lot 30x114; 2 flats, 5
and 6 rooms and bath; best light and
tun; always rented.
$12,500^ — Splendid corner investment In the pop-
ular Panhandle district; 4 fine sunny
flats; always rented; lot 52x104; por-
tion of lot vacant; rent $10(5.
LYOX & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
CARS OR NO CARS.
COME TO-DAY
_ _. '¦ '< WITHOUT FAIL.
Fee the "Baird Block." bounded by Haight,
Page etB., Masonic and Central area.; fine large
level lots; the cream of the popular Panhandle
district.
S2600 AND UPWARD.
?»o better location for residences or fiats In
the city; the lots are eelllng very fast; no lots
will be sold for stores or for any purpose other
than residences or flats; only 1 block from the
Golden Gate Park and Its attractions.
LYON & HOAG.
______^ 116 Montgomery «t
T. B. EURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 Montsomery st
J4G5O — Eleventh et. nr. Folsom; 2 flats, 4
and 5 rooms; in good condition; rents nominal:
lot £5x100.
flW each — Two lots, 25x114 each; 27th st.
nr. Castro.
$150 each — Good building lots, 25x80 each:
close to 18th-st. electric line.
$2300 — Clara st.. close to 6th; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 22:6x75.
$3500 — Harriet St., nr. Harrison; 6 tenements
renting for $42 per month; lot 25x75.
$1200— IVebste/ et.. nr. McAllister: 2-story
nous* 7 rooms and bath; lot 25xS5.
$3500— Webster et.. nr. Haight; 2 flats. 3
rooms and bath each, renting for $28 50 per
month; lot 24x81.
$3300 — Close to I7th and Market: nice mod-
ern residence, 6 rooms and bath; lot 24:8x125;
easy terms can be arranged if desired.
$6500 — Clay et.. Presidio Heights; fine 2-
story modern residence of 8 rooms and bath;
all tnodern eon\-enience«: hardwood floors in
first story; will take $1000 each and balance on
' Cat mortgage at 6 per cent; lot 25x127:8%.
J4.V0 — North wert corner, clone to Geary st;
improvements consist of 2 flats and 2 cot-
tages; total rental $40 per month: lot 60x
100. part of which is \-acant; a bargain; this
property is sold to close an estate.
__________
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
112 Montgomery st
t21,50O-Californla «t. bet. Gousrh and Octa-
via: elegant lot. «Oxl27:8V4.
$14,500 — Jackson et.: lot 63:9xl27:S«i; unob-
structed marin» view.
$12,CO0 — Sixth Ft.; G fiats and 2 stores: rents
*IOO per month; lot 50x85.
$11,000 — Elegant residence: beautiful grounds;
Green et., nr. Scott; unobstructed ma-
rine view.
$10,000 — Californla-st. residence, between Van
Ness ave. and Franklin «t: 26x137:6.
$S,500 — Jackson et., nr. Baker; fine building
lot: 60x100.
$S,500 — Jack«ton-»t. residence, nr. Devieadero
«.; 27:6xlS7:«.
$8,000 — Baker st.. nr. Pacific ave. ; large lot
101 feet frontaffe.
$7, COO — Flats; Devlfadero et., nr. Kills: 6 and
7 rooms and bath; lot 34:4<£xl25.
$7,000— Clay st., nr. Powell; houee 15 rooms
anil bath; can be remodeled into flats;
lot 26x71:6.
$6,!>00— sJackson Bt.. nr. Devicadero: fine
buiUlni lot, 31x127:8%.
$6,000 — Central ave.: corner lot. 30x112:6; one
Work from Golden Gate Park.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery St.
WELLS & BAXJjnraa— E «W Market st.
Two fine lots near 23d ave.; price $375 each:
$12!i cash, balance time; these lots cost $700
each: owner going away; must sell.
$1350 — A frilendid new modern eottss*; hot
jin<1 «*old water; $350 cash, balance ea«y terms.
$17.10 — A fine 6-room modern eottaee: bath;
hot and cold water; Cortland ave.; $450 cash,
balance ossv terms.
WELLS & SAUNDERS. C30 Market St.
fsnno— BT'J-H rt.. bet. Hj-d> and Larkln: lot
30x137:6; 2-story Jiouse, 12 rooms and bath.
$?)c,no — Fine lard? corner on Devisadero st;
lot 27:KrllO; modern 2-story house, 10 rooms
ami hath. • •
" $ino — Nice l*»wl lot* half block from electric
car*: Inel^sfdp. Mifslon road. '
$1500 — Sightly lot. on Devisadero st.. 25x120.
BOTHEHMEL * MFRRILL.
607 California st.
JO-ROOM 'runny house: latest Improvements:
beamed ceilings; reception hall with lanre
open fireplace: side *tr»»t near .Tack£on,
REAir CITY^I^RjJtALg:'
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., >V _
638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION. ;
AUCTION. •
AUCTION.
TUESDAY MAY 6, 1902.
At Our Salesroom, No. 63S Market st.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
WESTERN ADDITION INCOME ' PROPERTY.
North line (Nos. 1226-1228) Golden Gate ave.,
87:6 feet cast of Fillmore; two fine residences
of 8 rooms and bath each In flrst-class condi-
tion; very desirable neighborhood; sunny side
of the boulevard to Golden Gate Park; rents
$960 per annum; lot 30x100 feet. . ...
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast line (Nos. 321-321%-323-323%) Te-
haroa st.. 200 feet northeast of Fourth; four
substantial, well-built flats of 4-3 rooms each
and a rear cottage of 3 rooms: rents $050 per
annum; lot 35x80 feet ¦
PROBATE SALE.
Estate of James A. | Johnson, deceased.
Subject to confirmation of Superior Court.
Southeast line (Nos. 27-29-31-33) Shipley St.,
362% feet northeast of Fourth; six well-built
flats of 4-5 rooms each; rents $672 per annum;
lot 41:2^x69 feet. . • > •
PROBATE SALE.
South of Market Investment.'
Estate of James McCarthy, deceased.
Southeast line (No. 211) Shipley st, 91:8
feet southwest of Fifth; Improvements consist
of a house of 8 rooms, and under instructions
from the executors, must be sold; lot 16:8x75
feet .
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS.
North line of Waller St.. 84 feet east of
Shrader; two fine lots ready for building; very
desirably located and close to Golden Gate Park
electric and cable cars; lots 25x100 feet each.
HANDSOME COLONIAL RESIDENCE.
Northeast corner of Lake st. (Boulevard)
and Eighth ave.; very handsome new colonial
residence of 8 spacious rooms and bath; finish-
ed attic and basement; modern in every- re-
spect; lot 50x72 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North line (No. 738) Hayes St.. 143:6 feet
west of Buchanan; large, well-built house 9
rooms, bath and finished basement; excellent
condition; large lot, 25x120 feet, running
through to Ivy ave.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South line (Nos. 1223-1223^4) Green St., 160:5
feet east of Larkin; two well-built flats of 5-4
rooms, in first-class condition; lot 22:11x77:6
MISSION CORNER FLATS.
Southwest corner (Nos. 3663-3663%) Eight-
eenth and Oak wood Ets., between Guerrero and
Dolores; two well-built flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath; renting for $510 per annum.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
fJ^iltVE 0 ?;. 1412 -" 12 **) Larkln St.. '107
ieet north of California; two modern well-built
S? MoVf^t, ""^ MntS ?78 °
T Nfr?h TY *"£° U ? T £: ST - BUILDING LOTS.
«•£?«#¦£*? Of St., 280 feet
ass s-aua irss _?¦„_?_
building; will subdivide; lots 40x228 feet
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER
xr _*.. - LOT.
North weEt corner of Central ave. and Fulton
ta'/fflK 1^ 1 UU » bl ? f or and flat"
29:Gx6S:9 feet. faP y Irnprovln S.\ lot
J T0^ L L PARK LOTS AND COTTAGE
eaS° r of South NO »v 323) fl R1Chland »ve.. 150 feet
east or bouth ave.; five fine buildlne- w H
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO
- 638. Market "st
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. ¦""""" '
638 Market street.
$26.500— Three modern flats of 8-8-0 rooms and
bath each; north of Market st™ only
three blocks from Market and Powell
xl37:6 e ?«t f ° r ?200 ° PW aDpUm: W *»
$14,500-Three elegant flats of 6-6-7 rooms and
bath; Just completed; all latest mod-
?rrfi mprO i Vem u. nt8: ele * a nt fixtures; up
r£= « Plumbing; substantially built;
B * uchanan and California sts.
KiSn^ ° "^P^onally fine tenants for
$1500 per annum; lot 25x137:6.
$15,000— California st, near Polk; grand kev
_& 7:6 fCet: ol <J'nip^ements
J fii?w r i MMm; grand slte tor -
of fc lv *! otel : wou >d consider trade
part^pay^j^" 1 " 011 re8ldcnc * «
$14.000— 50 feet on Sixth st.; 25 "feet on" Morris
ave., rear street, 165 feet deep; near
Harrison st.; present old improve-
ments pay over 6 per cent; this is the
• cheapest property on 6th st, and has
' a grand future. !
$45.000— Sutter st., near Stockton; lot 37:6x100
- ieet-
$7.250— Store and two flats; well built; In good
condition; new plumbing; on N. side
«of Folsom st., near 7th; rents $630 per
annum; lot 25x00 feet
$8,000-Three new modern flats on the best
part of Ashbury st. ; rents $870 per an-
num; these are gilt-edge flats rented
to flrst-class tenants; lot 25x106:6 ft.
$6,000—Modern two-story house • of 7 rooms
b ol th 25xS«' nearF1Ilm ° r^
$3,500— Filbert at. near Hyde; house of 6
J 001 " 5 and bath; well . built; brick
foundation, etc.; lot 22:6x137:6 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO
; 638 Market st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO (Inc.)
improv'ed 0^ 1 ™™ 1 * 6 *-
2 _SSSr_isS u iSS $ n i e i a 5 r stelner;/ 2&a37: ' 6 '
.-^.Sd-fi^rlnt^fii aDd HarriBOn: 20l57;6 «
3 fSS^ifu'sSf Sb. neaP Euchanan : 28x137:6;
$10,000— Fillmore. nr. Pacific; 30x112:6; house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $65 •
$8250— Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
renfs $64° USe 9 r °° mS and 2 rear a&tB '
ho^rrit"^"- Dui)ont :>*a>: three-sto*
3^r^L a iL eJ a°nd n^&T^^s 37 $9 e 6 W " h L
11^6^ntw V iraTsrr h enV$53 near Unl ° n: 25 *
$5000— Pacific ave., near Polk; 25x100; 2 flats
$4500-Bartlett nr. 24th; 25x117:6 i to rear
street; 2 bay-window flats; rents $38.
• UNIMPROVED
$17,000— Sansome, near Green; 83:6x137-6
137 - a 6 1 ' near Webster : 2 lot", each 25x
107^8'4~ iCOrner GoU8rh and Albert; 137 :6x
• $9000 — 9th, near Harrison; 75x100
$5000 — Green, near Polk; C0xll5 '
$5500— Greenwich, near Taylor; 45-10x137-8
iJ^oi 0 — Corner Jackson a »d Locust; 87:6x
subdivide 001 "' 24th and Balmy * t8 -: 80 *75; will
SSSOO-^Devlsadero, near Union- 35x100
S 3 5°5~ Fulton 8t - near Fillmore: 32:6x187-6
$3000— Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100- kev lot
*2500— Union, nr. Webster; 34:4^x137-6
$2100— Cor. 21st and Hampshire- 25x97-6. i
$2000— Elizabeth, near Diamond- 51-Sxiii
$1400— McAllister.- near Wlllard; 25x100
$1300 per lot— Bryant ave., near Twentv
sixth; 2 lots, each 26:Sxl00. • lw er»ty.
$1000 — 17th. near Uranus; 25x100
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105
each 0 °26?8 r xl007 YOrkl near Twent y-«>*th; 2 'lots,
$85 a front "foot — Mission, nr. Twentv-eJa-hth
400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy- eleVtrlo
road passes. * !.' i -.r""°
JACOB HEYMAN CO., . ~~~~ ¦ ' ' •
117 SUTTER ST.
It will pay you to look at our new, modern
5 and 6 room cottages on the Heyman
TRACT. 632 D.ouglas and 831 ZlvtSfZet ¦
they are new, modern and beautifully lo-
cated; we -will- sell them to you for your
RENT MONET. • ror your
For particulars call at our offlr*
$350-2 lots, 25x100, 22d st, 250 feet north
• of Hoffman ave.; $10 down, $B i per month
• $150-Ocean Boulevard lots; $5 down St
per month. ' *
ELMHURST— Alvin tract— Lots 25xl2H
fronting railroad station, 10 minutes )™m
Oakland: beautifully located; $5 down «l
per month. ¦ *
. . JACOB HEYMAN CO.
117 Sutter Bt.
SAN FRANCISCO. ¦ ~ ~~~" "
3508 Mission stj store and living rooms-
price $2200; small payment down, balance same
as rent.
1819 16th ave.; 3-room house; good lot- nrlr«
$800; $50 down, balance same as rent. -
211 De Montford ave., Ingleslde; lot 60x125-
7-room cottage; chicken-houses and barn- ono
block from car line; price $1500; small 'pay-
ment down, balance same as rent
SUNNYSIDE.
26 Circular ave.; flat of 5 rooms and store;
store rents for $8; price $1250; no payment
down; same as rent. , . " -.' v
414 Forester ave.; 5-room cottage;' price $850-
no payment down; monthly payment $11 90
¦ I also have a few houses to rent." * '
A. E. RUDELL. 301 California st.
$6000—8 ROOMS and bath: Clay st; Presidio
Heights. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market
$3000 — COTTAGE of 9 rooms . and ' bath ; Mc-
Allister et., near the park. • -, :
$4200 — House of 7 rooms and' bath: 'house re-
cently renovated; Geary,- west of Fillmore. . ¦
$2250 — Lot; Clayton St., near the park; 25x120.'
¦ -..-.. J. ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery at. r.
MUST be sold— Handsome cottage; all modern
Improvements; part cash; easy terms.' 918
'Diamond Bt. near 25th, 1 to 4 p.. m. -.-•
REAL ' ESTATE—CITY— FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE,
•¦¦¦¦:¦¦¦ (Established January, 1858.)
• REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery St., opposite Lick
¦' • - J ¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ,' '/¦', ¦ ' . / House.. ¦; .
CHEAP CORNER.
Corner Thirteenth and Kissllng sta., near
Folsom; 50x73; 2 buildings; well rented; $9000.
'¦NEW RESIDENCE. ' '
$5000 — New house; Lake St.. corner of Eighth
ave.; 60x72; 8 rooms; finished attic and base-
ment.' ; ; ¦ . .
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000— O'Farrell st, near Polk; large
house; lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this is an
improving location. .
HOWARD STREET.
SSOOO — Very cheap; store, flat and rear house;
rent $70; lot 25x90; Howard, bet. 10th _ 11th.
.' •. MARKEX-ST. CORNER.
$16,000 — Market-st. gore -lot, intersection of
Ridley st; 99. feet on Market; covered with
stores; this is a bargain.
$14,000— Stockton St., near Sutter; 3-story
brick building, paying good interest; new and
substantial improvements.
Flats renting for $26 ¦ on Seventeenth st,
near Castro; lot 25x100; price $3500.
$5000 — San Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth st;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 86x81.
$2000— Nice cottage home on Nineteenth St.,
near Eureka; modern;' 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75. ¦ ;. .__
$5000 — Turk st., near Stelner: good 8-room
house, with stable in rear; lot 25x137:6; large
yard.
LOTS.
Only $8000 — 100x125; east line Castro st, be-
tween 17th and 18th; cheapest lots in this loca-
tion; street work all done; Market-st car sys-
tem passes. ". ' . . . . •
$3000 — Corner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
sts.; 50x100; a good corner to improve.
$2500-rSteiner st., near Waller; a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6.
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st.
and Point Lobos avo.; a ehoice line of lots,
S550 and SfiOO. .on easy terms if desired.
; . MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st., opp. Mills Building.
SNAP.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
$8,500 — Rents $1170; 3 new up-to-date flats of
6 rooms and bath and 2 rear flats of 4
and 6 rooms; handsome and attractive,
with 5 bay- ' windows, tiled mantels,
combination gas and electric fixtures,
etc.; lot 25x125 feet; small street one-
half block from Flllmore-st. cars; new;
$1000 bank mortgage can remain at 6
. ; per cent.
AT A SACRIFICE.
$5,500 — Fronting on Duboce Park; 2 attractive,
well-built sunny bay-window flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath; building alone
cost $6000; choice surroundings.
NEW ELEGANT PIERCE-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5,250 — Attractive residence of 6 rooms and
bath; bay windows front and rear;
gas and electricity; handsome Interior
finish; choice neighborhood; handsome
surroundings. . ,
$9,000 — Rents $1080; new building (1 year
¦ . old), containing store and rooms and 2
flats; electric lights, porcelain baths,
etc.; lot 25x122:6; on Folsom st
$3,600— Rents $480; all rented: 8 attractive
- . flats in first-class condition near Fifth
and Folsom sts.
BARGAIN.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
$5,000 — New elegant modern cottage, 8 rooms,
bath and attic; . porcelain tubs, tiled
"mantels, etc.; handsome and at-
... tractive; light and . sunny; nice gar-
den; lot 25x125 feet; cars pass.
O'FARRELL-ST. FLATS.
$12,600 — Three elegant modern flats of 7 rooms
and bath; north side; lot 27x127:6
feet; rents $1200.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills building.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Rents Collected, Houses . Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST. ..
$47,000 — Eddy st., east of Van Ness ave.; 6
elegant flats, strictly up-to-date, containing 8
and 9 rooms and 2 baths each; rents $330 per
month. ' . . •...,-.,. i
$8500 — Eddy st.,"- near- Flllmore; choice NE.
cor. ; Improvements consisting of stores and
flats; lot 28x100 feet; rents $70 per month.
$12,000— An elegant lot on north line of Ellis
st, close to Van- Ness ave.; size 40x120 feet; 2
frontages; elegant location for flats. '.-<»-r. .
$40,000— Ellis st. few blocks from Market;
rooming-house, containing 42 rooms and baths;
lot 27:6x137:6 feet; rents $3000 per annum.
$10,000 — Eddy St., near Laguna; 2 modern
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; 2 small houses
In rear; two frontages; lot 25:9x120 ft.; rents
$78 60 per month.
$6500— Fell St., near Buchanan; residence
containing 6 rooms and bath and two flats of 6
rooms and bath, on rear street; lot 27:6x120
feet: rents $60 per month.
$45,000 — Devlsadero St., close to Golden Gate
ave.; choice NE. cor., consisting of stores and
flats: rents $369 per month; lot 62x109 ft
$4500— Castro St.. near Eighteenth; 2 flats of
6 and 6 rooms and bath each;. lot 25x125 feet;
rents $30 per month; can be raised to $40 per
month. "
$6500— Capp st., near Twenty-first; three
choice flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $55 per month; lot 25x120 feet.
$3100 — Clement st., close to Second ave.; 2
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion: rents $30 per month; lot 25x100 feet.
$8000 — North side of Clay st., close to Devls-
adero; an elegant -two-story and basement resi-
dence of 9 rooms and 2 baths; lot 25x127:8% ft
$2750— Eighteenth St., near Mission; cottage
of 4 rooms and bath; Iot»25x85.
$6500— Green st, near Gough; modern resi-
dence containing 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x
137:6 feet.
$6500— Green st., near Webster; 2 good flats
¦containing 6 and -7 rooms and bath; lot 26:9x
137:6 feet; rents $55 per month.
$8250— Gough St., near Valiejo; moderns-
Story residence containing 9 rooms and bath;
fine marine view; lot 25x100 feet,
J $4400— Glover st, near Leavenworth: 4 flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 45x60 feet-
rents $44 per month.
$15,000 — California st, near Mason; good 2-
story residence of 9 rooms and bath; lot 63 -6x
60 ft. ; rented at present for $50 per month. '
SPECK & CO.. 667. MARKET ST
Opp. Kearny, Real Estate Agents
• and Rent Collectors. •
$176,000— Corner within 2 blocks. from Market
and Powell sts.; modern brick build-
¦" ll L B: *£2E es and 10 ° rooms; rents
about $900.
$67.600— Brick building; stores and offices-
.^/w^-'-S*, 7 , 0^ 03^"; 1 2 "-ontages; rents $575.'
$55,000 — Half block from Orpheum; one block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
- houses. ¦ . V
$50,000— O'Farrell-at. corner, inside of Larkin'
- $ 7 & 7 0 7 ob B can et rema?n 8 | $2S5 '' «J*^
$45,000— Second-st. corner, few blocks from
. Market St.; partly improved; lot 130
$35,000 — McAlllster'-st. corner. 85x98; good
Improvements; rents $220.
$30,000 — Fine business corner: 3 stores and 6
¦ ¦ flats; buildings cost $25,000; lot 68:9x
71 ; rents $2450 per year. |
$30,000— Geary et. near Jones; fine improve-
t ments; rent $170. ; ¦ ¦ . ' .
$22,500— North Beach gore corner, 75x110
¦¦¦ • feet; stores and flats: rents $215.
i $9,000 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
. vestment. \ • i , . . .- ,
$6,500— Geary-at. corner; 62 feet frontage;
• half of property improved; a cheap
buy, . '• ¦ • » . \ ¦
• . • RESIDENCES. ".
$15,000— Modern Jackson-st. residence; twelve
rooms and baths; rents $100; near
Alta Plaza.
$0.750 — Cozy Page-fit, residence, 9 rooms and
.bath;, lot 75x100; close to Park Pan-
; CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
$30,000 — 137:6x128 feet: NW. - cor. Gough st:
marine and panoramic view; choice
residence site. . '
' $5.000— 100x100 feet; one block from Golden
' Gate Park. ' •
a $3,500^-75x120 ¦ feet: Castro-st corner; 3
. ' frontaces. -,
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
FIFTY lots In. the tide lands In the city and
- county of ¦ San Francisco, belonging to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on March
. 21; the time for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court has been set for April 28,
* at 2 o'clock p. m.. in Department 9; any per.
- son may appear In court on that day and
. overbid the purchasers; the highest bidder. If
.the price 'Is satisfactory to the court, will
" secure the property. ¦• For other property of
1 : the estate ¦ for sale same 1 day* see "Country
. Real Estate" and "Financial"- columns ¦ of
'this paper. For all Information, apply to
, McGLYNN & MENTON,
¦ . ' Beat Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room 22.
¦ Chronicle building. > ¦ -. ; -
$275— A' LOT in the Richmond District, on
. Twenty-seventh ' ave., between Point Lobos
and', Clement, one-half block from the cars;
., the cheapest lot In the district: extra deep;
" can be bought on eauy terms If desired; $23
cash, • ?5 monthly. :
$1050 — Elegant ". cheap | lot. In good neighbor-
hood; Chattanooga, near Twenty-second; size
20x125; only a few steps to the electric cars.
$225 — A remarkably cheap lot on East Park st.
• (Holly '• Park), which will , be sold at a, low
;; price. It is all level 'and ready for building.
¦ The cheapest lot in the district. . Easy terms
' if desired;-$25 cash, $3 monthly. : ¦¦
..... MoEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — House, 8 rooms, bath; sunny; car
'line. ,1308 Guerrero Bt .
R^AJL^SJTATO-— CITY'--FOR SALES.
CENTER & SPADER,
11 Montgomery st (Lick House Block).
$50,000— Larkin st.not far from Ellis; substan-
• <':'i;.' '¦ '¦ tlal improvements; pays - 5 per cent;
large lot, over 50 feet front; partlcu-
- lars at office.
$6,000— Oak st., n*ar Fillmore: 2 modern flats.
5 and 6 rooms; rents $45; lot 25x137:6.
Eddy st — New up-to-date flats 8, 9, 9 rooms;
rents $170; lot 27:6x120: call for par-
ticulars; they are beautiful flat3 and
will be sold at a bargain.
$16,000— Snap; rents $145; 3 modern flats on
Sacramento st. ; contains 7, 8 and 8
" rooms, basement, etc: lot 25x130.
$15,000— Rents $1450: Buchanan St.; just fip-
¦ ished; 3 up-to-date flats, 7, 8 and 8
rooms; porcelain tubs; patent wash
¦ trays; electric appliances, etc.; lot
• 25x110.' ~
$6,500— $720 per annum: 6 flats: always rent-
ed; large lot, 44x80; Clara st., near
Sixth.
$5,600 — Fillmore st, near Oak; choice lot for
flats; note the size, 37:6x110.
$5,600 — Grove St., near Lyon; modern flats, 6
• rooms, bath and basement; rents $510
per annum; lot 23x137:6.
Block on Folsom and 20th sts. and Treat ave..
in subdivisions of 25x122:6 and 25x35;
one- third cash, 6 per cent interest;
streets paved with bituminous rock,
and cement sidewalks.
$5,000 — Modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms, with
stable, on Folsom St., near 21st; cheap.
$3,650 — Snap; 2-story house, 6 rooms, on Shot-
well st. near 20th,' renting for $20;
lot 30x122:6; stable in rear; lot wort-
price asked; don't miss this.
$3.700 — Post st., near Scott; another snap; lot
25x87:6; with two cottages; rents $25.
$1,300 each— 3 large lots, 28x96 each, on Al-
pine st, near Ridley; extended view;
close to Haight-st ' cars.
$3,500— Harrison st., near 3d; 2-story house, 7
rooms, renting for $25; lot 25x83.
$12,600— Choice NE. cor. Howard and 24th sts.;
modern building, flats and stores; rents
$110; lot 35x92.
$7,500— Howard St., near 24th; two 2-story
houses; rents $45; lot 60x92; 30 feet
unimproved; very' cheap.
We have several good • blocks and large cor-
ner lots for sale In Mission and Potrero suit-
able for factory purposes; send or call for par-
ticulars. CENTER & SPADER.
BURNHAM _ MARSH CO.,
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDERS. ATTENTION.
BUILDERS. ATTENTION.
137:6x137:6— Southwest corner of Fillmore
and O'Farrell sts.; business corner; on 2 car
lines.
— ALSO—
Northeast corner of Ellis and Stelner; 137 :6x
137:6; particulars at office.
SELECTED LIST
INCOME PROPERTY.
$7000— Rent $67; Natoma and 5th; 50-ft
lot
$4100— Rent $45; Natoma st.
$3800 — Rent $36; store and flat.
$5500— Rent $47; 3 W. A.; flats.
$5500 — Rent $60 50; store and flat.
$7900— Rent $69 50; 35 ft; Hayes and
Franklin.
$4600 — Rent $59; close to Folsom and 3d.
VERY CHOICE
BUSINESS CORNER.
$25,000 — Rent $202 a month; transfer
point; large lot, 2-story building, 3 stores and
3 fiats; always rented; fine future.
AS SURE AS A GOLD BOND.
$56,600— Facing Union Square; well im-
proved; cheap; with guaranteed future. |
5 ELEGANT FLATS.
$18,600 — Rent $153 50 a month; double lot;
over 80 ft frontage; grand new improve-
ments; close to Van Ness ave.
PAIR FINE FLATS.
$5500 — Rent $42 50 a month; sunny side
of Bush st; best part of Western Addition.
NORTHWEST.
• DOWNTOWN BUSINESS CORNER. .
$32,600 — Rent $240 a month; 4-story brick
building; no vacancy in 10 years; has fine
future.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB, Real Estate Agent.
850 Market St.; telephone Grant 177.
RENTS COLLECTED.
$3,000 — 2-story house, 6 rooms and bath; on
Clementina St., nr. 6th; lot 20x80.
$3,600—2 cottages on Filbert st, nr. Fillmore;
lot 26:8x120; two frontages. . .
$35,000 — Best opportunity to-day; 12 flats and
residence with stable; pays 9 per cent;
owner must leave on. account of sickness.
$6,000 — 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
-.. : basement, laundry, garden; everything
. - In good order; lot 25x92; Buchanan st.
$8,500 — Jackson st.. nr. Baker; 3 modern flats;
- rents $81 50 per month.
$10,000 — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
Scott st, near Geary; worth $12,000.
$2,400— Cottage of 6 rooms; fruit trees In rear;
lot 23x100; at 26th and Harrison.
$350 — Corner lot, near 34th and Mission sta.;
$250 each— Four lots, 25x75, near. 34th and
Mission sts.
Mill Valley— Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished; lot
128x300; price $2000. .
Yountyille, Napa Co. — 45-aere ranch; vineyard
and complete wine outfit; house of 9
rooms and bath; horses, cows, chickens,
etc.; $8000.
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
JOSEPH STRAITS. 850 Market st.
A SPLENDID $1000 home for $8 60 per month;
a sdendld $2000 home for $17 per month; a
splendid $3000 home for $25 60 per month;
make rent pay for your home: houses built
In any portion of the city. WELLS 4 SAUN-
DERS. 630 Market st. .
HAIOHT and Fillmora sts., northwest corner;
transfer point: 150x137:6. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st
$575— CORNER lot near Mlsslon-st. car house.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
$1200 FOR 160 acres; the best bargain in the
State; near Willlts; In a nice little valley;
about 20 acres bottom land; river runs
through it; fine for corn, potatoes, garden
vegetables, family orchard; "balance of land,
pasture and fine timber, tan oak and' fir;
common 6-room house and barn; nice spring
water; good hunting and fishing.
$4500 — Stock ranch of 1600 acres, near
Ukiah and close to school and railroad; good
house and barn; grain land; well watered;
. some fine redwood, oak and fir timber.
$25,000 — Fine stock ranch of about 4300
• acres; Mendocino County; fenced and divided
into summer and winter ranges; well wa-
tered; house, bam, corrals r Includes horses,
implements and 2000 stock sheep; pays splen-
did Interest.
$6 an acre — Three fine redwood timber
j quarter sections; fine Investment; Mendocino
County.
I $850 for 144 acres splendid redwood timber,
near Uklah, on Navarro River.
$1200 — 170 acres good land, in the hills near
Ukiah, with cabin; about 40 acres level
meadow land, dark loam, with largo spring;
balance is pasture land; with enough black
oak timber to pay for it'
$160 — Homestead claim, 160 acres, In the
redwoods, 14 miles from Uklah.
$2100 — 10-acre farm; rich level land, near
Santa Rosa, •with fine 6-room house and
barn; easy terms.
Send or call for our new catalogue of lands
for sale. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
507 California st
-..( ¦ $250.
- 1 1250.
SUBDIVISION at Fruitvale. Alameda County:
.40 lots ready for building; streets graded and
-sewered; -gas and water pipes laid; these lots
are at Fruitvale station — not miles- back In
- the country — but at the station and 1, 2 and
3 blocks from it; Just the right distance from
the railroad and on the right side of it: the
climate of Fruitvale is the best in the State;
trains to San Francisco every half hour; com-
mutation tickets bring the fare down to 6c
per trip; electric roads to Oakland. Alameda,
San Leandro, Hay wards and Laundry Farm;
flrst-class schools; Fruitvale is building up
¦ fast: many people are getting away from the
winds and logs and building homes among
the flowers at Fruitvale. where children can
be protected from the many temptations of
the city, yet enjoy all Its advantages; for a
short time these lots will.' be sold at $250
each; terms cash; they are very cheap at that
price — actually below market value: the low
price Is made to effect quick Bale; they are a
good Investment at $250 and sure to be worth
much more money in the near future; it Is a
golden opportunity to build a home and' will
not last long; go and see them, to-day; take
Oakland local train (broad gauge).
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
¦ - Fruitvale and 6 Market "st.
-¦¦ 3 Agents.
THORNE & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain .View, Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on March
22 in nineteen subdivisions; the time for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior Court has
been set for April 28, at 2 o'clock, p. m. In
Department 9; any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers;
the highest bidder, if the price Is satisfactory
. to the court, will secure -the property. For
other property of the ¦ estate for sale sama
day. see "City Real Estate" and "Financial"
i columns of this paper. For all information,
apply to ...
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers room
22. Chronicle building. .
FOR sale — $1600; cozy little home. 8% . miles
from town. Mountain View; 8.60 acres: new
4-room house; all necessary . outbuildings -
.good well.- 65 feet bricked up; 400 French
prunes. SO Imperial prunes, 2 years old; all
front and within % mile from school. Ad-
dress owner. W. W. TYSON, 744 Fourth
.'St., city.
600 ACRES at a bargain; fine land; no adobe;
oak trees; very best of improvements; good
water-supply; adjoining railroad station: 12
' trains each way-daily; Just the place to sub-
dlvlde. GEORGE W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept, American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building."
REAL ESTATES-CITY — FOR^ SALE.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
- 10 Montgomery st.
$3000 — tth ave., near Clement st; splendid
cottage of 5 rooms, bath, high base-
ment, etc.; lot 25x120.
$6000 — Rents BUOO per year; 22d st., near
Valencia; lot 25x114; 2 flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; also rear house
of 4 rooms and bath.
$12,000— Mission warm belt; Liberty st., near
Valencia; large building, suitable for
doctor's private home or sanitarium;
lot 50x114.
$10,500 — Bush St., near Taylor; rents $90 per
month; splendid o^story bay-window
building; inside location; worth inves-
tigating.
$9000 — Business corner; pays 10 per cent net;
large lot, 75x75; lot alone worth $7500;
Improvements consist of store and
-flats; new throughout: sanitary plumb-
ing, etc.; store used as a grocery;
thickly populated district, south of
Market St.
$3600 — Rents $39 per month; near corner of
Folsom and Tenth; 4 separate flats;
splendid repair; good tenants; lot 27x
75; worth Investigating.
$40,000— Full 50-vara lot. 137:6x137:6; old
buildings at present rent for $232 00
per month; only 2 blocks from Mar-
ket St.; a handsome increase can be
realized in the near future.
JC250 — Price reduced from $7500; owner anx-
ious to sell; lot 50x75; 6 flats on Ritcb
st, near Third and Brannan; rents $73
per month.
$4500 — Terms easy; Castro st, near 21st St.;
new modern, up-to-date house of 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x125; open to-
day (Sunday).
$4000— 2d st, near Bryant; lot 22:6x74; 2
flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
rents $32.
$45,000 — N. E. business corner, on prominent
thoroughfare in Western Addition;
new building; stores and flats; large
lot. 63x110; pays over all expenses 8Yj
per cent net.
?27,500 — Corner on Kentucky Bt., close to
Union Iron Works; frame buildings in
houses and flats; rents low at $155 per
month; extra large lot, with 3 front-
ages; 73x200.
$2700 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, in splen-
did repair; lot 25x100; Twentieth St..
near Castro. We can arrange terms.
$12,000 — O'Farrell st, near Devlsadero; mod-
ern building of 3 flats; rents $92 50 per
month; lot 27x137:6.
$1700 — Stone St., off Washington, near Pow-
ell; splendid 3-story frame building of
12 rooms, bath, etc. ; same tenant for
years; pays $18 net per month; can be
easily Increased.
$17,500 — Rents at present $160 per month; to
be Increased to $190 per month; large
corner lot, 76x96; fully improved; with
ctere and flats; all in splendid condi-
tion; on Fourteenth St.; one block from
Market. This is a permanent well-
paying investment
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
¦ ____*
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION— AT AUCTION!
Extraordinary Auction Sale 'Without Limit or
Reserve.
SATURDAY MAY 10th, 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
AT LIBRARY HALL,
SAN MATEO.
Opposite the Depot
87 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
97 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
IN SAN MATEO PARK.
The most beautiful suburban home site im-
aginable, t
Each lot consists of about one acre of ground
bordered with beautiful shade trees.
• Terms — 1-3 cash, balance can be paid in one
or two years.
A few reasons why you should buy a subur-
ban home lot as an investment
"San Mateo Park," formerly the celebrated
"Clark Tract" and owned by the same parties
since 1858. has recently been subdivided into
suburban home lots averaging about one acre
each. Wide and winding avenues have been
laid out and thousands of costly shade trees
border the property. .- ¦
San Mateo is the ideal suburban residence
property adjoining San Francisco, being only
14 miles distant from the city's southern limit,
with many trains to and fro each day. Actual
time at present 45 minutes, soon to be 30 min-
utes by the bay shore line. Suburban electrlq,
trains will shortly be in operation between
San Francisco and San Mateo, running half-
hourly. . .". .
San Mateo Park only 10 minutes" walk from
the railroad station is situated on the eunny
elopes of gently rolling ground commanding
an enchanting view, surrounded : by beautiful
homes, grounds, drives, etc... and this sale af-
fords one of the greatest opportunities to seek-
ers of suburban homes that will be offered for
many years... " ;...'. ..- ' 4.-.'..- '. ¦ ' - ~,
San Mateo is a place of ideal homes, com-
manding, as it does, all the conveniences of the
city with the comfort and pleasures of the
country. .... .,
San Mateo has -many attractions' unequaled
by any other suburban locality. ' The educa-
tional facilities are abundant. Public schools,
kindergartens and private high class academies
for boys and girls.
There are a number of churches of different
denominations.
The beautiful cottages and mansions, vast
estates, well-kept grounds, the trees, shrubbery
and flowers, everywhere to be seen, the many
delightful drives and the beach for bathing are
but a few of its most charming attractions.
Don't miss this opportunity. Purchase a lot
for your cottage, your bungalow or your villa.
Excursion rate 60 cents for the round trip,
including lunch.
Special trains leave Third and Townsend st*.
on Saturday. May 10, at 9, 10:30 and 11:30
a. m., returning from San Mateo at 3:27. 4:31
and 6:40 d. m.
Catalogues, maps and full information at the
office of
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
HAWKS & EKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$40,000 — Investment in this city; 22 acres on
popular drive; street cars near by; some build-
ings; good soil; might be subdivided now at a
good profit or held for a few years and increase
greatly in value.
460,000 — Kearny-st. property, paying 6 per
cent net: good brick building; in heart of re-
tail diEtrict.
$14,000 — Lot on Drumm St., near Marke*,
22:11x70; only $610 per foot; new building go-
j ing up adjoining and another designed to go
up soon; will pay well to improve.
$6250— O'Farrell-st investment nr. Laguna;
rents $50; never vacant; lot is nearly worth
the price.
$2800 — Pays big Interest: $360 rents per an-
num: Zoe St., near Third and Brannan; in good
repair.
$3500 — North side Sutter st.. between Baker
and Lyon; good house. 7 rooms and- bath.
$4000— Lot oa Leavenworth st., near Green:
60x60; close to Hyde or Union st. cars; will
pay well if improved.
$4500— Lot on Chestnut, near Stockton; 68:9
xl37; street accepted: will pay well to Im-
prove; will divide in three lots if desired.
$6500 — Lot S. side Jackson, near Walnut; 60
xlOO; near cars and Presidio.
HAWKS & SKEtiTON. 323 Montgomery st.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery st.-, room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$43,500 — Cor. 60-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, fiats, etc.
$41,000 — Good Investment: Mlsrion, nr. Sixth.
$17,500 — Throe- very stylish' new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$10,500 — Good buy; store and flats; Larkln st.,
near Geary; rents $70.
$10,000—3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105.
$5,250 — Flue 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenaon
st, near Thirteenth; rent $45..
$2,375 — Cheap: north side Clay st.,' near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot. 27:6x100; for $3000.
$l,C50 — Dirt cheap;. NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado ets. : 26:6x105 feet.
HOUSES — SUNSET HEIGHTS — LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave.. H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A, E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Prices are advancing rapidly. Secure a lot
without delay.
$100 to $450— Choicest Ocean Boulevard Lots,
all bargains. \-
$500 to $1000 — Sunset lots our specialty, all
graded, no one can beat us. Easy term*.
Sunset Branch Office, 9th ave., near H st.
$400 to $300 — Choicest Richmond lots selling
fast Installments.
$1000. $1750 to $3500— Choice Cottages, all
bargains, easy terms. ...
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
Room 64, Chronicle Bldg.
FOR Sale — As a whole or In subdivisions, 60-
vara lot couth line Union st. ; 137:0 feet east
¦ of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. .'Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
324 Montcomery st .
FOR Sale — Well-built house of 2 flats. 6 and
7 rooms and bath; good Income property, ca
Pond et., near Sixteenth and Market.
$5500 — SACRIFICE: nice flats; well rented ;
choice location; Mission. Owner, box 1446,
Call office. ¦
$1250-^MISSION cottage and lot THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st . .
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
$10,000 — 160 acres, townslte Altamont, aU in
cultivation; 3 dwellings, 6, 7 and 3
rooms; store building*, saloon build-
ing; large barn and other buildings;
r, •- all fenced; church and school on
property. (251) <
$5,000 — 320 acres farming and hay land, half
mile from Altamont; all under wire
fence; 4-room dwelling, barn and out-
buildings; well and windmill; half
mile from school. (250)
BUTTE COUNTY.
$25,000 — 977 acres choice farming land; good
for grain and fruit; near two towns
and 12 miles from Oroville; every toot
tillable. (262>
$26,400 — 2400 acres choice orange and fig land,
outskirts of Oroville, overlooking Sac-
ramento Valley; 2200 acres can be Ir-
rigated; splendid tract for coloniza-
tion; this land In small tracts is
worth $25 per acre. (274)
PLACER COUNTY.
$12,300 — 320 acres fine farm; all growing crops
included; half mile from Rosevilie; 18
miles from Sacramento; 160 acres in
oats, 60 acres wheat, family orchard;
good 7-room house, barn and out-
buildings, windmill and tank; water
piped to house and barn; fenced into
5 fields; ?.'000 cash, balance at 8 per
cent. (273)
$1,600 — 115 acres, half mile from Applegate:
rolling land; all fenced; county read
through place; 6-roonx house, barns
and outbuildings; _ water piped to
house; all under irrigation; 4 acres
- • vineyard, 63 apple trees, 45 peach, 15
plums. 100 white fig. 10 French wal-
nut trees, all tn full bearing; 4 acres
natural meadow; plenty oak and pine
Umber. (272)
SHASTA COUNTY.
$35,000 — 3267 acres stcck ranch, level land: 4
miles from Burney postofflce;. all
fenced Into fields; 2-acre orchard; 3
farmhouses, 5 barns; about ha".? is
meadow. and irrigated land; plenty of
water to Irrigate whole tract. (273)
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
$1,600—15% acres level land, all In 7-year-
old trees; 1300* choice almonds, 75
peach, 75 apricot, or.e-elghth acre ta-
ble grapes, few Bartlett pears' and
assorted fruits; 4-room house, good
condition; good barn, good water, well
and - tank: 2 miles from Oakley, on
Santa Fe. (276)
MISCELLANEOUS FARM LANDS.
We have a large list of farms and ranches
In Butte, Sacramento, San Joaquln, Sonoma,
Yolo, Contra Costa. Napa, Santa Cruz, Snnta
Clara and Alameda counties, which we- will
cheerfully furnish to prospective buyers,, • >
TIMBER LANDS.
$5,600 — 560 acres timber tract In P'.umas
County, and 14 miles from Susanville,
Lassen County; about one-third . sugar
pine, one-third . yellow pine, one-third
flr.and cedar; will cut about 50,000
feet per acre; this is a decided bar-
gain. (271)
AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST CO..
(Land Dept.) Hayward bids.
AMONG the great many genuine bargains in
all classes and location of ranch property
on my enormous list, I wish to call to your
special attention the following unprecedented
offer of 5^ — 10 — 20 — any part of 100 acres^ lo-
cated almost adjoining the depot, steamer
landing and city limits of Napa; U-mlla
from that Immense cannery and all the fac-
tories; all highly cultivated level loam: per-
fect garden soil; ideal location for suburban
home; no better fruit, vineyard or vegetabls
land in the State (would produce $250 crop
of tomatoes per acre every year); now plant-
ed to corn: unequaled for poultry; a splendid
general farm; price only $S0, $75 and $125
I per acre; easily double the money.
N. D. SICKELS. publisher of the Weekly
Descriptive Land Journal, 6 Geary St., S. F.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! ~~ ~~"
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
Income-producing orchards, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush, having
had forty years' knowledge- and experience of
the value of lands, and being the owner of an
income-producing orehard and vineyard, can in-
telligently direct Intending buyers to the best
lands and best bargains in the Statl.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 20 Montgomery st.
$6500 — 35 ACRES, two miles north of Heald*!
burg, on county road, five minutes' walk
from station; 20 acres choice full-bearing
vineyard, rest orchard, hay land, etc.; six-
room furnished cottage, barn and other
buildings; plenty fine water; also living
springs; two horses, one cow, chickens, fine
surrey, buggy, wagon and farming Imple-
ments; everything in good repair; a. bargain;
must sell: excellent climate. Mrs. E. Blanck-
enburg, 3075 Jackson St., San Francisco. ¦
MENLO Park — 5-acre lots; send for map.
Double cottage, double frontage, East Oak-
land; want farming land in exchange.
. .
Napa residence; exchange for Oakland
property. . . .
TO. GORDON GRIFFITH, Hearst Bldg.
AT a bargain; 40 acres, lij miles from largs
. town, Alameda County, public and . high
schools; all level land; 25 acres. in bearing
vineyard of choice wine grapes; good im-
provements: this is a cheap income homo
property and pretty place; must be sold. H.
H. CRANE. 608 California. St.
BEAUTIFUL mountain ranch and home of 160
acres; 10 acres In vineyard, orchard; 5-room
' cottage completely furnished; barns, wagon
and Implements; abundance, of water and
most picturesque retreat in the State: 50
miles from city. Apply F. W. MEYER, 1453
Dovlsadero St.. city.
THE best and- cheapest » acres of land in
Fruitvale; all level; rich loamy land; good
buildings: fruit and grain; chicken houses
and corrals; see this if you want a cheap
country home.
E. J. STEWART '& CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE! ~
Ten acres with good Improvements; five- room
house and barn; large orchard; big oak trees:
one mile west of Fair Oaks station, on Polhe-
mus Tract; any reasonable offer will ba con-
sidered: no agents. CHRIST BECK. Aul Del.
Redwood City.
20-ACRE Al vineyard; near town; central Ala-
meda County; choice varieties. Just In full
bearing; no old vineyards in tha vicinity;
location free from Iat» frosts; improvements,
personal property, etc.; price $4000; a genu-
ine good investment. H. H. CRASH. SOS
California at. ' __^
FOR sale at a bargain— Ranch. 27 >4 acres, in-
cluding stock, tools, poultry, good hous*.
barn; land all tillable; IVt miles from town,
For further particulars address J. SIGRIST.
Calistoga, Napa county, Cal. ___^
TO rent — For S months, from Jun« I, two n«w
modern residences, 13 rooms each, newly fur-
nished; at Stanford University, on campus.
Inquire of CHAS.- C. BEMIS. 821 Montgomery
St., Real Estate Broker.
FOR BALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO- —
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre.. on Ranch*
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 303 California »t.. foe
pamphlets and Information. - . .
A SNAP — Finest country hom« In San Mateo
County; 23 acres of beautiful grounds; el»-
' gant residence, barns, etc.; % mile from sta-
tion; 29 miles from city; 23 dally trains.
OEO. W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
$900—160 ACRES Al farm land; all In grain;
950 sacks barley last year; crop will about
pay for ranch: party going away. WELLS &
SAUNDERS. 630 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 20-acre fruit ranch In Santa. Crux
Mountains, near school, church and station,
for sale or exchange for S. F. property. 443
Caatro st. ¦
FOR sale — 160 acres tn Sonoma Co.. suitable
for orchard or vineyard; plenty of wood and
water. Address box 1412. Call of flee.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and pruns
lands to sell: right locality: bltr money; easy
payments. HEALY ft CARR, 927 Mkt... r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. Bee WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. 8. F.. & 8an J.
CHOICE country lands for sale. Land Dept..
AmerlcanGoaranty— Trust Co.. Hayward bldg.
REALTY TO JMCHANGE.^^
$6500— MODERN house of 10 rooms: choice cen-
tral location; flat loan of $4000; rents
. $35; exchange for smaller property in
Oakland or the country.
Cottage and lot (clear) In Lrvermore, . renting
. for $10: trade for Oakland property and
pay difference.
$1500 — 60 acres of good land 4 miles from Llv-
ermore; no improvements: -clear; -trade
for Oakland property and pay difference.
$2250—6 rooms; lot 29x100; modern; 83d, near
Grove; take lot in part
$3500 — Rents for $33; brand new houso of 8
rooms; 40 foot lot; trade- for smaller
property, vacant preferred.
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth St., Oakland.
$3500—22 ACRES, near St Helena, on road to
Calistoga; 1 acre apples, peaches, almonds.
etc.: 6-room hard-finished house; nice wate-;
all clear; will exchange for city or Berkeley
property.
$3000 — 20 acres In the hills near Watsonvilie.'
% mile from station; rich aoll. level and slop-
Ing: 15 acres bearing orchard; 5 acres for hay;
5-room house and barn; water piped to house;
will exchange for city or Berkeley property.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 507 California.
BEAUTIFUL home in town of Santa Clara:
lot 305x215: 9-roam house; tankhouse; wind-
mill: city water: stable: artificial lake; flsh
pond: outhouses: exchange for city property.
SPARROW. 107 Geary St.
FOK'sale or exchange — Beautiful income San
Jose home for city property. Box 1440. Call.
REAL ESTATE^-CITY—FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,' • - -
218-220 Montgomery st
We desire to notify the buying; public that
we have a number of flrst-class .investments
under contract at very low figures.'. Prlnsipals
may call and get full particulars. : . . '-
$8,000— Valiejo st, near Buchanan; modern
2-story residence of 7 rooms and bath;
rented at present ' time for $85; lot
23:l%xl36:6 feet. •
$13,600 — Fulton, near Stelner st.; elegant mod-
ern residence of 15 rooms and bath;
lot 37:6x137:6 feet; a bargain. :
$2,850 — Douglass st, near 17th; good 2- st cry
house of 7 rooms and bath, stable and
well; lot 54x137:6 to rear street; an-
. other bargain. .
$2,600 — Broadway, ¦ near Taylor st. ; f rame cot-
, - tage of 7 rooms and. bath; lot 22x62:6
feet; grand view; very central.
$2,500 — Lot northeasterly cor. 25th and Castro
; sts.: lot 60x89 feet; positively ' .the
cheapest lot in this section. -..•¦¦
$3,125 — Fillmore St., near Hayes; fine build-
ing lot. 25x106:3 feet,
$31,500 — Bush, near Hyde st. ; 14 flats: ' rents
$205 monthly: always rented; lot 66x
117 feet: fine investment. •
$3,700 — California St., between First and Sec-
ond aves.; 2-story house, 7 rooms and
bath; hardwood floors; lot 23x62:6 feet
$3,500 — Washington st, near Cherry; grand
marine view; lot 35x118 feet; a pcsl-
tive bargain. ' -
$45,000 — Jones st., near Turk; lot 55x82:6 feet;
frame Improvements rent for $170 per
month; further particulars at ou»- of-
fice. > - . ¦
$5,000 — Market st. t near Sanchez; fine lot;
27:8x110.
$8,200— Woodward ave., near Fourteenth st;
. 3 modern flats, 6, 7. rooms and bath;
rents $73; lot 25x65 feet; fine invest-
ment. . . - ¦ ¦ • .
$7,250— Fillmore st.,' near Sacramento; trans-
fer point; 2-story house -of 8 rooms
and bath; rents $50; lot 25x90:6 feet.
$6,750 — Leavenworth St., near Broadway; four
; 2-story houses in good condition; rents
$54; lot 80x00 feet.
$12,500— Grove st, near Larkln;' lot " 30x120,
•with fine building of store and 2. up-
per, floors; rents $45; 1 block from
City Hall.
$2,500 — Zoe St., bet. Bryant and Brannan and
Third and Fourth; tenements; rent
$30; lot 25x70 feet; a" bargain.
$18,000 — McAllister, r.ear Pierce; 3 elegant new
flats, Just finished; 6, 7 and 8 rooms
and baths; rents $155 monthly: lot
25x100 feet.
520,000 — Bush St., near Masfn; 3-story frmme
. • dwelling of 20 rooms; rented as a
boarding-house; rent $100; large lot,
40:9x137:6 feet ;
$10,750 — Twenty-second st, near Valencia; a
. snap; 4 flats on lot 44x114 and vacant
,..lot adjoining of 21x114 feet; flats rent
. . .for $<2; entire lot 65x114 feet; must
j sell to close estate: a bargain.
$4,750 — Clay St., near Flilmore; good 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath; lot • 25x
102 :8U; best section in the Western
Addition.
$3,125 — Fillmore st, near Hayes; building lot
of 25x106:3 feet; fine location for flats.
$8,600— Post st. near Laguna; fine residence
of 8 rooms and bath; rents for $42 50:
: lot 30x137:6 feet; a bargain.
$5,750 — Sutter st., near Lyon; 3-story house;
stable; cottage In rear; total rent $50;
' ' lot 27:6x137:6. -
$17, BOO— Devlsadero St., near O'Farrell; 5 flats
of 6, 7 rooms each: total rents $119;
. always rented; lot 60x125 and L 27:6x
45. . * ¦• ... . ¦ •
$10,500 — Valencia st, near 19th; Improvements
• 2-story house and 3 flats; monthly
-rents $70; lot 25x80 feet;, pays 7 per
cent.
$4,750 — Golden Gate ave., near Buchanan st;
frame residence; lot 27:6x137:6- a bar-
gain.
$3,300 each— Dolores st.. near 15th; lots
33x95 feet each; ready to build on.
$25,000 — Mission st.. near 8th;" lot 30x160 feet
to rear street; improvements brick
building and 2 frame houses in rear;
fine investment
$6,500— Sutter st. near Octavia; 2-story bay-
window residence of 8 rooms and bath:
lot 25x110; ' rents $30.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. • .
: 6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery Bt, Mills bldg.
McAFEE BROTHERS. 108 Montgomery st.
ELLIS STREET.
Fine ' residence of -7 large rooms; north side
of Ellis St., near Buchanan; could be easily
changed Into flats; price only $7000.
AN INVESTMENT.
One of the best-known private hotels In the
city; fine corner lot; owned by estate; bringing
gpod income; heirs anxious to sell; this splen-
did property can be bought at a bargain: price
$100,000.
j . . RENTS $97 50. PRICE $8000.
Pays over- 13 per cent net; five new modern
flats in "Western -Addition; six rooms and bath
each; lot 25x125; all rented; best paying in-
vestment In tho city; do not overlook this.
¦ BUSINESS CORNER
On Devisadero st;; store below' and two fine
'flats above; rerits »150;"roonf*to build "two
more flats; price $16,500.
A snap — In Mission warm belt; flna corner
on Twenty-flrst st., near Valencia; 12-room
house; property stands the owner over $9000;
would .make a fine business corner; price re-
duced to $6000 to make a quick sale; make
Offer. . . ¦
WALLER-ST. HOME? NBAR SCOTT.
Two stories and basement; seven rooms and
bath; In fine condition; lot- 80x110; will ex-
change for smaller property; price $5250.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Block bounded by Clement, Fourteenth and
Fifteenth aves. ; very cheap lots; $700 and up-
wards;, street work all done; send for plats. I
\ MASON ST.. NEAR UNION.
Three-story house; two frontages; cheap;
$4000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
Fine eight-room cottage on north side of
street;, sunny key lot; price $6000, or will take
unimproved Panhandle property; no reasonable
otter refused. '
SHRADER ST.
Best block; fine modern flats, flv« and six
rooms; rent $67 50; price $6250. - .
CORNER LOT
On Pacific Heights, 30x110; fine marine view;
price $4500. ¦
CHEAP HOME
In Panhandle district; .7-room 2-story house; a
bargain; only $3700.
TWENTIETH-ST. LOTS.
2 lots, all ready to build on, 50x114, "between
Church and Sanchez sts.; price $1600.
ONLY $900. ' ¦•
2 good lots on Alvarado St., between 22d
and 23d, .50x114 feet; a snap.
DEVISADERO" ST., NEAR GEARY.
¦• Lot and improvements: .65x100 feet; . fine
business property; price $12,000; make offer.
ON ASHBURY ST. ~ •
87x90 feet; a cheap lot; only $1500.
CLAY ST.
In Presidio Heights; 25x102 feet; price $2000.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
; _ 22 MONTGOMERY ST.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
O'FARRELL-ST. OPPORTUNITY.
Large lot. 60x137:6; near Mason St.; present
rents $200; would pay handsomely If
* - properly improved; price $50,000.
FELL-ST. RESIDENCE LOT. . ;
$8,600—50x137:0; splendidly located on Park
• Panhandle. • •
VAN NESS AVE. HOTEL SITE.
$42,000— Choice corner; large lot. 60x109; . im-
provements of no value.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$5,000 — Lovely cottage of 7 rooms,: porcelain
bath; 2 toilets; concrete basement and
" ,-.' yard; Scott.' near Hayes.
LARKIN-ST. LOTS.
$2,500 each — Three elegant level lots, near
Pacific ave.; 25x87:6; only $100 per
front foot.
- : PAYS 10 PER CENT NET. . ."; - .
$2,600 — Store ahd flat of 6 rooms; in fine con-
dition; near Fourth and Folsom. •
; A SNAP . -.
• NEAR MARKET AND VAN NESS.
¦ $6,150— Reduced from $0500; large -lot, 30x
87:6; rents $41.
PAYS IS PER CENT NET ON EQUITY.
$5 000-rPowell st., near Clay; 3-story build-
ing; mortgage $3000 can remain.
" CHEAP LOTS.'
$850— Church, near Twenty-third; 25x75.
$1.750— Seventeenth, near Diamond; 29x75. ;
' $760 — Seventeenth, near Douglass; 25x85.
$1 000 — Geary, near Central; 25x100. . -
$2,600 — Haight, near Baker; 25x100. V •
$2 230 — Folsom. •' near 25th; 25x122:6.
' HARRISON-ST. BARGAIN.
' $5,000 — lot 50x75, with coal yard, . house- and
stable; A rents $30; lot alona worth
' $7500.
¦¦¦•'• * CHEAP FOLSOM-ST. CORNER.
$4.000— Lot • 88x75; only » blocks ¦ from City
Hall; just tha place for stores ; and
LAGUNA-ST. CORNER FLATS. V
•1 100 — Two elegant new flats, 6 and 7 rooms
each; rents $85 t>er month.- , ';
. * INSIDE PROPERTY.
S52.000— Rents $385; new 4-story building down
- town: large lot. 63x137:6.
CLA.Y-ST. CORNER RESIDENCE.
t7 600 — Fine house of 9 rooms and bath; large
, lot, 30x110..
WEBSTER-ST. FLATS. ' ¦':
118 500— Rents $115; tenants pay water;" 8 new
, , flats, 7 rooms and .bath each; lot 27:6
¦'¦ • • xlOO. • ; » ¦ > -
. . , . .,- ' O. , P. . BALDWIN _" BON.
LOTS $150 AND $250 EACH.
$25 down, $5 and $10 monthly.
Greatest Surpriee to Purchasers.' .
% Have you, seen our level. Tract In tha Ex-
celsior Homestead? Sellingjvery fast. ¦;
Near Mission Street and Electric Cars. ¦
So grading, all fenced. Spring; Valley Water.
Don't -wait: see them; to-day. ¦ t
}Z Get off Cor. Mission st. '.and. Brazil ¦ ave.,
walk short distance to our lots. > ¦ ¦
AL. SMITH, Local Agent,; 450 Edinburgh • st
.... ¦'¦-.- .SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
: ;' . ;¦:¦¦- ¦ . *, ,-y ¦-• Room 54. , Chronicle Bldg.
$1160^-LOT 25x125; Ashbury Heights; 3 min. to
- 2 •electric lines; permanently unobstructed
. park & marine view. Owner, box 1658, Call.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 27, 1902.
38
'EMPLOYMENT -.-.WANTED— FEMALE.'
COMPETENT North German : young ' woman
wishes position as nurse,- lady's maid or
. seamstress; first-class references.: Box 4895,
Call office. .
— ' : ' * ' • . ¦
A LADY, lately from the East, will work by
the day; thoroughly competent; will do most
anything; strong and willing; good worker.
30u Minna Bt.. corner Fourth.
REFINED American woman desires J situation
as nurse to grown children, or upstairs work
and sewing; country* preferred; reference;
wages $25. 1702 Devlsadero St. : ¦¦: -
WOMAN wants : work by. the day: washing,
.¦ ironing, and housecleantng; $1 per day and
car fare. Address . Laundress, Call branch,
800 Hayes st.
RELIABLE Swedish woman wants work by
the day; washing or housecleanlng. 280 Turk.
YOUNG lady for road show; must have cash
and ability; no incumbrances.. Box B, 300
. Hayes st. • ' ¦ :
A REFINED young lady desires position In
private family to work for Board and room.
Box 1655, Call office. ¦
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation in an
American family; no objection to small wash-
ing. Call or address : 517 Ninth St., near
Washington, Oakland.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as house-
keeper or to cook for men. Call 68-74 Ellis
St., room 131, between 1 and 4.
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier or
saleslady; best of references. Box 1484. Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent; Danish girl
to do second work or general housework.
Box 1430. Call office. - .
YOUNG lady desires bookkeeping, copying,
correspondence, etc., evenings, at office or
home. Addres3 E..F... 3674 Sixteenth st.
YOUNG woman would like to do second work
or general housework in an American f am-
lly. Call or address I. H., 1412 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st., near Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
__ bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. t , ¦ >. : -.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
WANTED — Work in a machine shop by reliable
man who would like assistance of manu-
facturer on plain invention. Box 178; U. 3.*
Hotel, S. F.
WANTED— Situation as cook in a small mln-
ing camp by a sober, reliable man of ex-
perience. ; Box 180. U. S. Hotel. S. F.
COOK wants place; all-round man; hotel or
. boarding. Box 1652.. Call office.
YOUNG colored man desires work as porter,
• teamster or laborer; can furnish good refer-
ences. Box 1659. Call office. ~
A FIRST-CLASS painter, middle-aged, thor-
oughly experienced in all the branches, at
present employed as foreman, would like to
make a change for permanent position with
a corporation or other first-class concern.
Box 1687. Call.
ELDERLY man wishes place to take care of
horses or cows; handy man about place; city
or country; references if required. Address
278 Natoma st.
COMPETENT, reliable man, 10 years' experi-
ence, wishes position as night watchman, in
wholesale house or private; very best of ref-
erences. Box 1643. Call office. ,
ELDERLY man, sober and active, desires to
run elevator. in business house or help and
clean around some shop or factory. L. COR-
BAZ. 738 Pacific st. '
YOUNG man desires position for work in house
or farm; does not speak very good English.
Box 1657. Call office. . . - .
WILL give $25 for a $50 position as bookkeeper,
correspondent or salesman; middle-aged Ger-
man; best references. Box 1671, Call. .
AN old German carpenter would do repairing
and make himself useful for a good home and
small wages. Address C HANSEN, 737 Mis-
sion st.. room 111.
YOUNG man wishes position in wholesale
house, where advance will be more appre-
ciated than wages; steady and sober; aged 28.
Box 1470, Call office. .
MARRIED man wishes a Job in wholesale or
packing-house; understands handling and
care of machinery. Address ANDERSON,
428 Sutter st. v
WANTED — By middle-aged single man, drive
team, do chores, work on n. fruit ranch;
willing to. do anything. J. BURROUGH. 417
. Kearny st'. - '
A STEADY man, aged 29, wants position; pri-
.. vate place;* practical, good gardener; under-
stands care of fine' horses and carriages; good
references. Address P. L., 630 Bush st.
BAKER, steady young man, would like to
work as first or second hand on .bread ¦ or
cakes. 408 Linden ave. / . '
BAKER, good second hand, wants position;
country preferred. Box 1672. Call. * .
COMPETENT, neat Eastern man wishes situa-
tion; private place; thoroughly understands
horses, harness, carriages, grounds; careful
driver: milk; handy with tools: for owner's
Interest when absent. Box 4205, Call, S. F.
YOUNG man of good address r>eeks position as
night clerkMn rooming-house; salary required
moderate. Box 1441. Call office.
WANTED — Positions / by man and wife on
ranch; man good all-round worker: wife first-
class housekeeper. Address, for 1 week, W.
W.. box 4897, Call.
GOOD experienced Chinese cook wishes posi-
tion in hotel or boarding-house. Address
YEE LING, 20 Prospect place.
A 'BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ' •
FLATS TO LET'
MAGNIFICENT new upper flat, 11 rooms and
t bath, with social hall 80x120; unobstructed
* superb marine view; convenient to all car
lines; rent $80. 2130 Green St.. nr. Webster.
WASHINGTON St., nr. Lyon— Just completed,
3 elegant sunny 8-room flats; marine- view.
SPECK & CO. ' ' ¦
CARL, 257, near Stanyan— New elegant modern
sunny flat; basement and yard; near Park.
FINE 6-room flat; marine view; yard; inside
porch; storeroom. 1316 Green st. .
FLAT of 6 rooms; modern Improvements. 427%
- Oak st. -
FLAT of five rooms and bath, newly furnished,
including piano. 18 Octavia st.
FLAT. 479 Chestnut st., near Powell; 6 rooms,
bath; $15. \
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975 — New upper sunny
modern flat; 5 rooms and bath; no children..
LOWER flat; 3 choice, sunny rpoms; pantry,
etoreroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
MODERN 8-room flat. 2414 Van Ness ave.
SPECK & CO. -•¦' -
MODERN flat, 6 rooms, bath, yard, basement;
reasonable. 1933 O'Farrell .st. v
NEAR New City Hall; flat, 5 rooms and bath;
6% Grove at. ¦ . '*>--". ~ ;
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath ; all modern ; j large
back yard ; fine basement. Owner, 2134 ; Pine.
UPPER corner flat, 6 rooms and bath; $25.
;• Corner Post and Baker sts. , ¦.¦¦»¦
SMALL 3-roor. flat on Hyde-st. car line; grate
and gas; $15. 1233 Vallejo st. - -
SUNNY bay window flat: 3 rooms; bath, gas;
suitable for two. Key 524 Fell St.. •
6 ROOMS and bath ; rent cheap. 2161 Hayes
: st., nr. Golden Gate Park. ¦ ¦ -. '.."':¦
$18 50— FINE flat, 6 rooms and bath. 421
Tenth Bt. V - ' ... ¦ ¦ . ¦• -. '
$22 50— UPPER flat; 2428% Sacramento St.,
near Flllmore; 5 rooms and bath; large yard.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
Furnished flat. ' 7 rms., bath; I Devlsadero, near
Sacramento. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgmry.
NICELY furnished flat "of 5 large sunny rooms
and bath for-'summer. : Box 1455, Call office;
tel'.Blue 802. . • , ¦ -¦ ¦:';.-..¦ ¦- . - ¦*¦
SUNNY flat.. 5 rooms, furnished; modern;-call
Sunday. Monday afternoon; rent 'low. 3400
I California st. ' . , ,
POLK. 1002 — Flats of 2 to 5 rooms for house-
keeping; complete. > « , . • '.* »¦¦ .* i'-j':
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
; , Call, -.16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States- or Canada' one year" for $1,
. postage paid. ' / . ' '•
\ FLATS ;iO LET— Suburban.
MENLO, "Fair Oaks— New furnished cottage:
- 7 roorna and bath. "A. R.' HARRISON. 78
.. Geary-st. •-./.•: .-. ' ¦¦,, ¦¦..¦_; rr' ¦-¦ ¦ ..¦,;•..
/ -". HOUSES . TO LET— FURNISHED, j ..
A NEW, modern, sunnyhouse.'of- 6 rooms and
. . bath ; - furnished : elegantly and : completely ;
large yard and garden; rent $35 per month;
- must be seen to be appreciated. F. B. SUR-
RYIINE. 133 Montgomery . st.
MODERN, house 7 rooms, completely; and hand-
somely furnished; near Presidio; healthy and
V pretty location: $42 50; take Sacramento or
r California et. car. ,37 Seventh ave. •
> WELL :¦ furn. * modern -house; sunny;: marine
'V view; or.; will ex. for summer. 1656. Can.
v HOUSES TO >LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NEW modern 6 rooms and bath cottage, 1
' block opposite th« terminus of Valencia st. ;
$15 per month. -
- New 8-room furnished house on Ocean
boulevard, near Boulevard station.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 SuttW St.
LODGING -HOUSE, 28 rooms, all sunny; rent
. cheap. 6PECK& CO.
ELEGANT sunny cottage, 8 rooms and bath;
2423 Pacific ave. SPECK & CO. -
CLAY, 1321— 9 rooms, bath and heaters. Key
¦ at 143C Clay st. ' —
N.E. cor. Sacramento and Steiner sts.; 8-room
dwelling; .grounds; conservatory; modern
. plumbing; rent low.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son. between Clay and Sacramento. . Apply
10 Ewer place. . • ....
$11 — SUNNY house; 5 rooms;, basement and
yard. Key 2228 Geary st. , r
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— By a couple with no children house
* of 5 or 6 rooms and bath with small barn.
¦ Telephone John 2106. '
. ¦
JUST arrived— 20 fine work, driving and sad-
. die horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange, I!i6
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG, 'proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
. ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR Sale— One good business horse; stands
without hitching: about 1100 pounds; pric«
. $85. At ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa ealesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
- buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
STALLION by Dexter Prince; settling up es-
tate. KANE & DALY, Oakland.
YOUNG strong horse for sale cheap. 1819
Howard st.
.WILL purchase good work horses weighing
1250 to 1400. Apply 26 Montgomery, room 14.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey,harnes8,work,drlvlng horses. 15th&Valecnla.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
tULIS TO XKT.
FOR rent— Teutonia Hall, 1332 Howard St.. bet.
9th and 10th, for a term of years; barroom,
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address F.
. HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery, 409 Eighth.
_^ HYPNOTISM.
MEDICAL hypnotism is the true speclflo for
-all diseases of the mind and nervous system;
hours 1 to 6, 7 to 8. PROF. A. WILLI, es-
tabllshed '08. 531 Parrott (Emporium) bldg.
¦ INVESTMENTS., _^
THE Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery st.,
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A diamond stud, Friday. April 25.
Finder will be liberally rewarded at 1751
Post st. vj
LOST — Colllo bitch, broken out with mange.
Will pay liberal reward If returned or noti-
fled at 115 Halght St.; phone Fell 6811.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel, strayed from
1503 Buchanan st. Liberal reward for return.
LOST— Small white goat. 1 year old; pet- re-
ward. SMOOT. BW. Larkln and McAllister.
CAMEO brooch, on Ellis St., bet. Franklin' and
Van Nesa. Return to 922 Ellis St. ; reward.
LOST— A small gray mare. Return 1828 Fell st.
or J. O'Shea, 17th and Vermont, receive re-
ward.
LOST — $10 reward for return of pointer dog to
2509 Pacific ave.; answers to name Ray; II-
cenae 2862. ,.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Ca. 220 Sutter St., needs oid
gold and silver to make new watch cases;
d MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887; "reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
BIATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 413 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter,712 Mission : tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL. - - "
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
ce"ses taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. Dr. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt., op. Sth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; horn* in
confinement; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 100814 Market st.. opposite Sth st.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known ladles' special-
ist, 30. years' experience, removed to IOOS'4
Market St.. opp. 6th; hours 2 to 5 and 7 to 8.
"THERE is health in the pines" — KInney's
Rheumatic and Kidney Remedy — "K. R. K.
. R.," distilled from the buds and berries of
our forest trees, not the balsam, but the es-
sence. If you suffer do not hesitat© to try
this little remedy. Per bottle 75c by mall —
stamps. ¦• Address P. O. box 714. Los Angeles.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero St., near 18th —
Graduate of Royal University, Berlin; has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; Infants adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411. • - :
A— DR. ROSEN, the eminent specialist, treats
, all female troubles and complaints; menstrual
difficulties corrected; positive relief , in air
cases taken; ladies by consulting him obtain
proficient service and skill and the best re-
sults. ¦ 1007% Market st.. near Sixth.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
¦ -'.gang? mTjartt^r 6^- Moved from
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR J - ,9*J 1LLMAN . "OS Mission St.. near 8th-
Rellable ladies' specialist; 10 yrs.' experience.
LADIES— Kumrond is safe & sure; never fails-
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market st.. nr. Sixth
ttreats ladies only; relief in all cases taken.
DR t NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR- SALE.
B0 ££iF RS * '"Sines, r 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
: TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
*°^ H - p - BOILER and engine, complete . . $550
20 H. P. boiler and engine,, complete.... 300
8 H. P. boiler and engine, marine...... 250
6 H. P. boiler and engine, marine..... 200
12 H. P. boiler, upright, complete ...... 125
10 H. P. boiler, upright, complete ioo
8,H. P. boiler, upright, complete 70
OH. P. boiler and engine, complete... 150
1 Dow pump, 5-lnch suction. 4-inch dis-
¦ charge . -.....'........... 150
3 H.'P. boiler and enelne ........ 63
¦ •.'.•- H.S. WHITE. 130-132 Beal'e'st.
A— BUYS, sells or. rents gear, machinery, .en-
gines,- boilers, water pipes, shafting' pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. ,¦ '
BAR fixtures; big-stock; installments; billiard
S* and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
FOR sale at 600 block. Battery, near Pacific
: j Second-hand . bricks, ¦ any quantity, at " low
figure; parties must call at once. .
FOR • Sale— 20 1> to J 25 head cows and heifers*
g&od for beef or stocking; Jerseys and Hol-
; steins. J.: F. : PERL. Angel Island.
CIGARS: at Ies3 than auction 'prices; reliable
goods: money back if . not satisfactory
-KAHN & CO.. 209 Battery st., San Francisco.
CHICKS," 10c; thoroughbred . hatching egg*
Ingle3lde Poultry Yards, 807, Mt. Vernon ave.*
¦get oft at Ingleslde Coursing Park.
SEALSKIN of finest' quality;.: same as new
I -bust 36; party going East; cost $225; will sell
-for $100. JS Box. 1559,! Call. V: .
A-^$3 60 Derby, and Fedora huts. $1 75. Popular
¦; Price ; Hatters.-? 330 Kearny .st.;" near Pine.
FINE SUITS.$IO; dress pants, $2 75 MISFIT
I CLOTHING PARLORS. 437; Montgomery st
$10^-DOMESTIC sewing machine ; \ in 1 good con-
; , dltlon. ; 1571 Market st.." near Twelfth. = ¦
$5^-SINGER - sewing ' machine ; * in * good condi-
i-stion; also.Wilcox &¦ Glbbs: .'. C08 Ellis st. *..
FINE 3 Persian" rug, i finest condition, •' 3% 1 by 6.
"1 for. $15; cost $38.,- Box 4993,' Call. '
FOR! Sale— Second-hand *¦ Columbia ' bicycle; in
;; good'order; cheap, r. 141 '-Thirteenth ¦ st. *
BUS CELL ANE OPS FOR SALE— Con.
FOR Sale — New sack suit, bust 35, leg 33,
waist 32; price $7 60. Box 14«4. Call. *. ¦ -:
GASOLINE engine, in first-class condition; uses
cheapest olla. Box 1503. Call. .-¦¦¦.-, ...-,
TO exchange for bicycle or for sale, a fine talk-
ing parrot. 2930 Laguna st. '
A FINE camping wagon for family for sale
cheap at 2237 Mission st. ' w
NEW beer pump for sale; cheap. Inquire 1607
Folsom st. • i .
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from
business. . '
$5— NEW Home; good condition. 1571 Market.
near Twelfth; tel. Howard 3083.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-clas-j harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand, typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 833 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats " carried in stock.
EAKER & HAMILTON. ____
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
FOR second-hand m.iohinery,engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2fl-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gentat'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins J\
send postal: will call. Box 4960. Call office.
WANTED — To buy pawn ticket for diamond; 1
karat and upward. Box 1690, Call office. ,
PRIVATE party wants a few nice diamonds;
. small or large. Box 1443. Call.
RELIABLE party wants a few nice diamonds;
small or large." Box 14-13. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand moving picture, film.
MOORE. 597 Ellis st. .
WANTED— To buy valise; large- siae. Box
1663, Call office. ; - -
TILTON wants good second-hand clothintr and
theatrical goods. 184 »th St.; tel. Jessie 2881.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWk8.,418Tnrk.
MONEY TO LOAN.
X HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bl*
$4,600,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages ......
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held in Trust..
......Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate,
Financial Problems of all sorts and size*.
...IF YOU NEED MONET
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsswhera
R. McCOLGAN
¦ ..24 Montgomery St., room 3...'......
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5 Mr and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st.. room 38.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery at., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlal.WHITEHEAD' (Wilson's), 1710 Market.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
Ilable party. 1170 Market St., room 68. -
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by -private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos ; no com. : private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy. r. 104. Sth fir.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no- removal.
' Phone Black 1709, room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants'* Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
.^^ M PS^CAL 1 INSTRUMENTS.
ANOTHER list of special bargain* for this
week:
1 Zech, square .....$35
1 Dunham, square 45
1 Hazelton, square C5
1 Symphony, square 75
1 Hallett & Davis, square £5
1 Chickering. square 93
1 Weber, square 100
1 Steinway, square 110
1 Morris, upright 125
1 Richmond, oak case, upright 150
1 Biddle, mahogany case, upright 160
1 Opera, ' Rosewood case, upright 175
1 Hamilton; walnut case, upright 195
1 Fleischer, walnut case, upright 210
1 Lester, upright 250
1 Weber, upright ... 290
1 Byron Mauzy, upright 300
1 Sohmsr, upright : 400
1 Steinway Grand 450
,The above instruments are all In perfect
condition. . Terms if desired. BYRON
. MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st.
NOW FOR PIANO BARGAINS.
In a few days we begin decorating our new
¦ xvarerooms and hall, and must have room.
Every piano cut to the lowest possible figure.
: ' Over 200 on our floors, of . which the follow-
ing are a few. Rents, $2; installments, $3, or
your own terms :
8 Steinways >«123 to $875
4 Heine ....... .$235 to $525
2 Chickering $130 and $240
- 2 Knaba $95 and $233
2 Weber .$185 and $325
1 Shaw , . $175
1 Sommer ~..: $95
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary st.
WE have a choice lot of, good instruments,
slightly used, that can be obtained upon very
easy terms and at low prices. We have also
Wissner-Baumeister and Stodard pianos.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763
Market st. , •
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
- propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon | pianos, please bear in mind
•that we cannot only duplicate -them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment - of best makes to choose from
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers]
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
..' way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS — ~ "
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
t Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. .
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
; SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY - piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
• price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1S50. •
LUDWIG pianos— Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. . 931 Market
-St., San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. !••¦,» ¦ .
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right,»$150; square , pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new,- $275.
. Bowers & Son, 23 6th St.. Ivers & Pond, agts.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
. renting pianos in city • for * $3 • per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BNAP — 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights.
dropped from catalogue.$25O. Brnenn.208Post.
$170;great sacrifice ;almost new upright. Schmiti
..¦:& Co.. 16 McAllister st. next H Iberia Bank.
A LOT of storage ' pianos for - almost a. song.
WILSON'S Storage. , 1710 Market i st.'
—¦ — *— ~ ¦
muz
Pf OK RICHMOND.
Now's the Time to Buy.
Greatest Railroad Center.
Greatest Shipping Point.
Cheapest Fuels.
Standard Oil Company.
Santa Fe Railroad.
Southern Pacific Railroad.
Union Iron Works.
J. Pierpont Morgan's Steel Works.
Associated Oil Company.
Many other large manufacturing works on
location at Point Richmond.
Lots from $180.
S25 each. $5 month.
Send for Free Circulars.
Don't fall to examine these choice lots.
Take 9 o'clock a. m. Santa Fe ferry, re-
turning leave Point Richmond at 11:40 a. m.
Go To-day— Agents at Property.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.).
Room 182, Crocker Building. S. F.
DID you ever stop to think what it means to
Invest now at the beginning when prices are
low In the town? At the terminus of the
ganta Fe Railroad, where the Standard OH
Company is expending millions, where the
Union Iron Works is going to build a big
plant, employing many men: where there is
deep water, and where ship and rail meet?
These conditions exist
At Point Richmond.
Lots in the Santa Fe Tract,
Point Richmond.
All level Streets graded
J1W) and up $15 cash and $5 monthly
McEWEN BROS. 118 Montgomery st.
Sole ArentK.
I
SPUURBAK REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; "rent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2250 buys a nice 5-room cottage; choice loca-
tion.
$2500 buys a good 6-room house; large lot.
$3000 buys an elegant 6-room cottage: very
desirable. \
$3500 buys a 7-room house: lot 50x150; a snap.
X3S00 buys an S-room, 2-story; lot 42x207;
Central ave.
$5500 buys a beautiful modern home; large
lot; a bargain.
$7500 buys a fine 2-story house, 12 rooms and
bath: lot 100x207; well and stables: In the best
part of Alameda; sacrificed; originally cost
llf.OCO; see this property.
Houses built, rented and exchanged. >-
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
_^ 1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office Open Sundays and Evenings.
$1100— A SNAP; 2-story house. 6 rooms and
bath: lot 52x100; near bay station.
*9C00 — y, block on Railroad ave.: business
property: »*0 lots. 2 corners, cottages and cor-
n er stores: srood investment.
- ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 50" California,
HOUSES, cottages and lots for sale near
schools and stations; also for rent, furnished
and unfurnished houses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS & CO.. Bay Station, Alameda.
$2450— NEW cottage. 6 rooms; lot 33x120;
terms S2oO cash, balance $30 per month. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park Et.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
»8— ELECrrRIcniIghrea^r7ro^trbayiwIndowl
porcn bath; select. Box 4268. Call, Oakland.
BERKELEf ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATB.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
D. A. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley
$2000 — Just building; modern up-to-date 5-
room cottage with electric light fixtures; fine
corner lot, 50x100; cement sidewalks; both
streets improved; excellent loca'tlon; sunny
$2000 — On improved street: close to furni-
ture factory.* 2-story building with store suit-
able for any business.
$1850— Modern 5-room house in Haywards
including lot 200x125; also a fine variety of
flowers, ben-let, fruit trees and good well.
1 tank, etc.
j $1400 — Modern cottage; big lot; good lo-
cation; close to electric and steam cars
91000 — Just built; modern 4-room and
bath; lot 50x125; close to R. R.
$900— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 50x125; good
t "well and mill; street work complete; excel-
1 lent location.
1 $800— Store and S living rooms; lot 50x136*
street work complete; >4 block to cars and
business street.
. $150 and up— Fine building lots.
Make your own terms. This is a special
list of bargains. Now is your opportunity
D. A. WENTWORTH, West Berkeley.
Real Estate and Insurance Broker.
BERKELEY BARGAINS.
$1300— Sightly lot in the Scenic Park, near
College.
$1000— Only lot left on Euclid ave in
Wheeler Tract.
' _ •JSO— ¦•**•*• m the Byrne Tract. North
Berkeley; near cars; good Investment.
« $1230 — Lot 60x135, on Oxford st.. near sta-
tion.
$5750— A select lot in the Scenic Park.
fronting college grounds. •
$3500 — Modern home, with grand view
$6500 — Up-to-date mansion.
J2000 — A snap for party who wants to quit
business and settle down to a life of peace-
lot 60x27O; small but well built cottage -
- grounds full of fruit and evergreen trees
1 roses and veretables; would Include 50 or 60
' chickens.
! $3650 — Modern home of 8 rooms, near sta-
tion.
$4000— 7-room well built house; lot 70x135;
well Improved; near college; street work all
done; worth $5000.
MAY & MORTIMER,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
Phone Mason 331.
AMONG the best bargain In Berkeley:
$1700 — Lot C0xl35; modern cottage, B
rooms, bath, high basement, etc.
$1800 — Lot 07x80; modern cottage, 8 rooms
bath, high basement; street work done; close
to station.
( $1850 — N«w modern cottage. S room* and
j bath: street graded and sewered.
$1900 — New, modern bungalow cottage, 4
large rooms and bath: high basement: on
macadamized etreet, and only one block from
< Afhby station.
$2250 — A beautiful home; new modern cot-
tage. 6 rooms and bath, high basement, fine-
ly decorated and fitted with choice fixtures
; throughout.
$28uO — A very large modern 6-room cottage
high basement; lot 50x140; etreet work done!
asd close to school, trains, etc.
$S5O0 — An 'elegant modern home of 11
rooms, bath, pantries*, etc.; lot 60x154; only
a. few blocks south of the university, and in
a fine neighborhood.
$550 — A splendid investment: fine 60-foot
• lots close to Ashby Station, and on Improved
streets.
H. P. IRWIX. Lyln Station.
$10,000 — FINE Il-room house, nearly new <cost
$11,000); very large lot; fine view; owner
leaving for southern part of State; must sell
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley Sta-
tlcn >
$700C — SPLENDIDLY built house of 13 rooms
in the best part of Berkeley; sunny side of
street: very convenient: large lot. JOS. J.
MASON. Heal Es-tate, Berkeley Station.
$5O00 — NEARLY new house of 8 rooms; lot 52
xlGO; all street work done; near the uni-
versity. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate
Berkeley Station.
$3500 — NEW ' 8-rocm houee, all modern im-
provements'; large corner lot: near the sta-
tion and electric R. R. JOS. ¦ J. MASON
Real Eetate, Berkeley Station.
$3750 — FINE new bouse of 7 rooms, 4 bed-
rooms, gus, etc.; only 350 feet from electric
R. R. and near the U. C. grounds; lot 60x
156. JOS. J. MASON, real estate, Berkeley
station.
NO. 321 — £2350: C-rooin bouse.
No. 32O— J27A0; fl-room house.
No. 313 — C:250: 7-room house.
No. 219 — $3000; 6-room 2-stcry house.
No. 31&— $4700; lo-room bouse and barn.
No. 307 — ?".•(!>); 8-rocm house; large lot.
No. 313 — $900; 4-room house.
No. 301— $.*SCOO; 9- room house.
No. 281—54200: 8-room house; fine.
No. 280 — $000; 4-room house; cheap. '
No. 267— $42(W; 8-room house; lot 70x125.
No. 120 — $1700; 5-room cottage; fine view.
No. 263 — J-50U; 7-rooin house: close in.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
2171 £hattuck ave.. Berkeley, Cal.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modem convenience, bath,
etc: easy payments. MURDOCK. C14 Pine.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.-^'.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
%W,i Broadway Oakland
¦ )
INCOME PROPERTY.
. •" ¦••¦.'
.",«:. $75,000.
Fine large corner business block, with fcur-
story brick building, in one of the best lcca-
tions in Oakland; pays-5 per cent net; best of
tenants.
. $40,000.
Broadway business - property; . fine ' location;
always rented; pajB fine income of $235 per
month; ground alone is worth price asked
for all.
$50,000.
One of the finest piece's of business property
in Oakland; land will double in value within
five years; fine large modern brick building,
cpntainlng three storic-s and basement; modern
iri N every particular; pays over 5 per cent net.
y ' $125,000.
Large Broadway corner; four-story brick
building; pays nearly $800 per month; this is
a bargain.
$9000. . ;
Fine ' new* modern flats, in one of the bes
locations in Oakland; close to Broadway and
trains; rents for iOii 25 per month.
HOMES.
$3750 — Choice location and a bargain; new
modern two-story house; 7 rooms, bath and
basement; lot 34x100, and stands 5 feet above
grade; stone wall and steps in front; every
modern improvement; situated on Valdez street;
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth.
$6500 — Fine investment 4n a home ¦ on the
north side of Tenth street,' near Jackson; the
lot is 75x100; house of 9 rooms; stands on 37">a
feet, leaving 37^ feet to build on; lot alone
worth the money.
$7500 — Elegant home on .Thirteenth street,
near Oak; lot 65x100; large modern house of 9
rooms; house could not be built for less than
$6000; bank sale.
$10,600 — Large corner lot, 99x117, in the
Lakeside district, east of Broadway; very fine
house, containing 10 rooms and all modern im-
provements; a grand chance to secure a Ik me
worth double the urice asked.
— — — f
choicl: building lots.
., On Alice street, between Thirteenth and Du-
rant; price reduced to $75 per foot; any size
lot desired.
WOODWARD, WATSON ft CO.,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
$2300 — ONCE SOLD FOR $4400.
Lot 40x140; elevated ground; near business
center, cars, schools, etc. ; house of five
rooms in splendid order; elegant dining room
and' kitchen; finished in basement; large
barn; in a high-toned neighborhood; terms
$500 cash; balance on mortgage; owner non-
resident and has instructed us to sell with-
out reserve; a positive bargain; seeing- is
believing; call early.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
$3600— TO DUPLICATE WOULD COST $4200.
A new seven-room house; only been occu-
pied one year: in perfect repair; an ideal
beauty in architectural design and finish;
only three blocks from the local train and
business center; large lot; terraced lawn; in-
terior finish in imitation of rare wood; pan-
eled dining room and beamed celling; side
boards, bookcases, writing desks, etc., in
dining room; space too expensive to extol its
many qualities. Owner's occupation com-
pels him to leave the city and prefers to
sell instead of renting.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland, CaL
$4700 — COR. 20TH AND WEBSTER.
An ideal colonial house; 7 rooms and bath;
the very latest in everything; large lot; 6
new houses sold in this location and only
this one left; terms $1000 cash; price Is at
least $1000 below the present market value
on account of rise in material and, ground.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway.
„, Oakland. Cal.
Note — We have other choice investments
which are not advertised. Carriages and
courteous clerks at your disposal free of
charge.
. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway,
¦ f - . . Oakland, Cal.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1200 — Nice, cosy 5-room cottage in East
Oakland; large lot, 25rl40 feet; street
work all done; cement sidewalks; one
block from electric car line; easy
terms.
$2350- r Flne new colonial modern 6-room
house; lot 35x150 feet, with barn;
near Telegraph ave. This is less than
cost and must be sold; easy terms
See this at once.
$3500 — Pretty 2-story house of 7 large rooms;
porcelain 'bath; every modern con-
venience; sun heater; hot water wlth-
fuel at all times; centrally located*
surrounded by beautiful homes; con-
venient to electric car lines, schools
and churches.
$2000 — New 6-room modern house; story and
and a half; nicely and centrally lo-
cated; near electric cars; terms can
be arranged.
$2050— Nice 2-story house of 8 rooms; mod-
ern; bath, laundry and all conveni-
ences; nearly new and in fine condi-
tion; lot 35x150 (note the size); barn;
only 200 feet from Telegraph ave :
. . terms if desired. '
E. I. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
TO let for 3 or 4 months, completely and ele-
gantly furnished double cottage, 7 rooms in
East Oakland; large corner lot 150x150- *ar-
den; fruit trees. Address box 1413, Call.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good anTcfreap^Ws^n^hrTr
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St., Oakland.
Mill Yalley Advertisements.
BULL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL
MILL VALLEY.
40 Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
We have subdivided into lots the finest prop-
erty in Mill Valley, known as the SUNNYSIDB
TRACT. The streets have been graded and
will be sewered and macadamized. The tract
commands splendid views of Mount Tamalpals
and the bay. The North Shore Railroad is
about to expend $1,000,000 to perfect an ideal
ferry and electric line system to Mill Valley
Send now for plats and prices and go and
look at the property.
,„ ,, . McAFEE BROTHERS,
1C8 Montgomery St.; San Francisco.
OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable housecleaningT^ooits
and waiters furnished at short notice.. Geo
Klnoshlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush St.; tel. Bush 616.
CHINESE and .Taiwanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 1U8; expert, reliable .help.
JAPANESE and Chlne«e best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post; GEO. AOICI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flcc; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 428 PowelI,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, with best of
references, desires situation.; city or country;
also a first-class Swedish laundress, good ref-
erences, desires situation; city or country
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ; ,
A FIRST-CLASS chambermaid, and seamstress
deblres situation or nurse to 'grown children;
good references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter fit.
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation: Amerl-
can family; very best references. MISS CUL-
. LEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desire* • situa-
tion; best of city references. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st* >
AN i experienced nurse wishes engagements -
surgical or confinement cases; city or coun-'
try; reference given; reasonable. ¦ Call or ad-
. dress Lady's Nurse, 127 Seventh st. - : - :
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to be
- working housekeeper for elderly couple. Ad-
dress 1079^Iarket_st : _____ ; _^
RELIABLE German . woman wishes laundry
work Mondays and Tuesdays. * 1018 • Howard
. St.; second flat. .-.-•¦ r ¦;':;,
•A RESPECTABLE young girl '.wishes * house-
work in a nice family .or to assist. "Call at
: 34% Diamond st., bet. 17th and 18th. - -
YOUNG lady would like situation to take care
¦ of a child: no objection to - country;- best -ref-'
! erences. Box 1483, Call office. \
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS— Con.
COMPELLED sacrifice by private family leav-
ing: S550; new upright grand piano. 505
Ellis st. '
ALMOST new large size Steinway upright left
or* sale; bargain. - 235 Geary st.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.: Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
/OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st.—
Light cheerful offices. S15S25 per month;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone.
STEVENSON, 259, near Fourth — Store and^ 2
rooms; new and convenient: rent reasonable.
$10 — STORE and living rooms on sunny side.
225& Eighth st.. bet. Howard and Folsom.
STORE with large basement, below Kearny; al-
terations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
OIL.
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. in good order; all sixes;
cheap. H. S. WHITS. 130-132 Beale st.
OIL LANDS.
FOR Sale— Cheap; 10 acres, patented land, sec-
tion 20-28-28; heart of Bakersfield district;
one well on property: oil guaranteed under
every foot. L. W. MYERS, Laughlin build-
lng. Los Angeles.
I'AINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hart man Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; tel. Red 35-^
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. /-
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. ; tel. Polk 1429>
PALMISTRY.
BE sure to read of ISMAR'S discovery of a
hidden treasure on page 40.
Mrs. E. Pearce, scientific business palmist, re-
moved to 104 Turk, r. 28: 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by mall, $1; palmistry taught.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Po*t St.. corner of Jones: phon<* Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 6li*
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post-tel.BIack B8J.
PERSONALS.
DENVER. Colo.. April 12. 1902.
DR. G. B. MOORE.
Scientific Hair Restorer,
332 O'FarreU.
San Francisco. California —
Dear Sir: Mr. Farrls of Pueblo was telllnx
me about your wonderful Hair Grower, and I
would like you to send me circulars concerning
it and prices. I formerly lived in San Fran-
cisco and think I am slightly acquainted with
you.
Tours very respectfully,
S. K. SNODGRASS.
Windsor Hotel.
Tftls remedy will be sent to any part of tl»
•world upon receipt of money order. Pries $2 B0
per package; 3 for $5. Send for circular. DR.
Q. 8. MOORE. 832 O'Farrell.
A RUPTURE truss with steel springs has been
used for 100 years without change; few cure*
have been made with 'such trusses; is it not
time for a change? Hunter's Lever Ruptur«
Holder has revolutionized the antiquated
truss and has made it possible to make a
cure in 90 days. The holder is worn night
and day without torturing; a continuous
pressure is maintained during the granula-
tion and growth of the tissue covering the
breach; would a wound on the body heal If a
hard pad was bound on It? Never. Has it
not the same effect on a rupture?
HUNTER'S Sanitarium. 12O6 Market St.
-————- .
Actually grows hair on bald heads; cleanses
and beautifies, the hair; promotes a luxuriant
growth: never fails to restore gray hair; cure*
dandruff, scalp diseases and hair falling:
price $1 (to agents 50c): everybody shoul-1
write for trial package. Bohemian Hair and
Bkin Specialists. 131 Post St.. third floor. S.
F. ; treatment and* consultation free.
ABOUT your hall 1 — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy is superior to all other tonics and restor-
atives. It is clean and healthful, is not gum-
my or sticky; no grease, no st. In; never
fails. Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our
office. 385 Geary st. Tha Star Remedy Co.
$10 IN GOLD saved if you buy your SPRING
'SUIT of MASTEN the TAILOR. Any SUIT
cr OVERCOAT in the house $20, no more or
no less; all work made under our personal
. supervision: finest of imported goods to make
selections from. MASTEN, 701 Geary St..
corner Leaven worth. . -. .,»-.r;
I HEREBY, notify the public that I have left
my -wife and home and will not b« responsi-
ble for any debts she may contract after this
date. San Francisco. Cal.. April 25, 1902.
HARRY HARTMANN. late 381 Shotwell st.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
at., between Seventh and Eighth.
MY hair dressers are all artists.
Hair dressing .25o
Shampooing ¦. .50o
Manicuring ,23o
... Q. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 70* rooms.
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sals: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and Jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
REFINED widow wants acquaintance of paint-
er, carpenter or machinist; object matrimony;
references. Box 4267. Call office, Oakland.
HAIR dyeing: bleaching a specialty; shampoo^
ing 50c; hair dried by electric drl*r A dressed
in 30 mln. Misa A. V.Doyle. 1702 Mkt, op. luth.
Electrolytic removal of molas and superfluous
/hair; permanent; painless; free treatment!
work guaranteed. Miss C.Pudley.1702 Market.
ALL hair and scalp diseases cured; hair
grown; gray restored. MRS. E. R. DUN-
LAP. 34 Kearny st; phone- Red 2439.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to crave; send
dime and birthdate. PROF. J. MYERS
Drawer 704, Chicago. '
FACIAL MASSAGE TRBATMENT8— FANNT
BRIGGS CARR system and preparation*- '
HENDERSON, 223 Powell st.
WANTED — To correspond with a young lady
about 25 years of age; object matrimony. '
Box 1485. Call office.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
tailor. 721 Market st. t
I MAKE first-class wlga and front pieces;
hairdressing, 25c; shampooing. 50c; manicur-
ing 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
WHITE enamel iron beds, sin-cle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312. Stockton St.. near Broadway.
OLD-ESTABLISHED carpenter shop for sale
at a bargain. Call at 972 Howard st. after
6 p. m.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call oa
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mol»a destroyed witU
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
ELECTRIC ' needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton,427 Sutter.
INSANITY and mental diseases treated by a
new method. Address S. SEAL. 1424 Market.
DR. THIELE,- German specialist,- removed from
1J0 Geary to 101 Eddy st.. :» corner Mason.*
Mrs. Briggs^ — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 239.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 5a
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat.
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electrlc-Hght baths, massage hot aTr
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ino Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1^ all druggllu.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
. instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists. CXJRE
MASQUERADE costumes, 'play books, wins*
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt!
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT «hl
best corn cure. 25c: all dniggTsts A T ' tha
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE~and plieT^uTed? nT^alTuntTrSuTed-
no operation, no detention from business- al !
JaaBaBsacSrgSBBSg! ¦
G^ e fl A bet?e"r R r G^ NS IN roS-WBJTERS^w,
sen oetter machines for less monev than >nv
house in the city; rentals $3. - The T Typewriter
Exchange. B38 California; telephon JIRZBSl.
W tv™^ typewriter Inspection Co.-kxr-rt
typewriter doctors estimate free. 209 SanVom,.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
« BERKELEY REAL EST ATK.
$1800— NICE corner. 50x125, in Scenic Park.
$2100 — Cheapest lot on Bancroft way; 50x
130; near universltv.
$550 — Lot 50x160. on Hillegass ave.; also
lot 40x130, fenced and ready to build on. be-
tween Dwlght and Ashby station. •
$2500 — Handsome 2-btory house. 6 rooms and
bath: lot 40x130, between Shattuck and Tele-
graph aves.; easy terms; $500 down.
$4500 — Modern 2-story sothlc residence. 7
rooms, bath and all conveniences; lot 50xl2T>;
choice location; Includes elegant furniture;
near university.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 607 California.
$1200—5 ROOMS and bath; windmill and tanK;
fine corner lot; one block to train; $200
cash, bal. $15 menth. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1590 — SEW 4-room cottage on 100-root street.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000 — NEW 8-room house with every modern
improvement: lot 50x140; on 80- foot street;
one-half block to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO. j
$1500— MUST be sold this week; 8 rooms; lot
45x100, on corner; S blocks to cars: ?200
cash, bal. $15 per month. W. C. MORAN
& CO., Lorln station and Schmidt blockr
Berkeley. _^____^_^_—
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATB.
W E RUDELL, Fruitvale Avenue and Wash-
ington Street, Fruitvale, Cal.
jiooo — House 3 rooms; large lot; good well; 4
blocks from car line; terms to suit
purchaser.
21000 — House 5 rooms and bath; lot 112x112;
barn; % mile from- station; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month.
$1100 — House 5 large rooms; lot 45x145; all
fenced: $100 cash, balance $12 per
month; near Allendale.
$1200 New house, 4 rooms, grained in oak;
lot 50x174; city water; $200 cash, bal-
ance $12 per month.
•ICOO — House 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x164; $21
per month will buy this home; Forest
Park.
$1700 — Modern house, 5 rooms and bath; 14
block from school; 1 block from car
line; 4 blocks from station; nice barn;
city water; lot 35x124; $200 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month.
$1800 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
ALL FURNISHED: high basement;
good brick foundation; city water; bear-
ing fruit trees: two chicken houses; lot
175x150; all fenced and cross fenced;
fine place for raising chickens: $300
cash, balance fits per month, which in-
cludes principal. Interest and taxes.. If
you want a nice home this place will
suit you.
$5000 — Beautiful suburban home in Fruitvale,
consisting of 2% acres of fine soil, 1 acre
in bearing orchard, ornamental grounds
with gravel driveway, abundance of
flowers and fruit trees; modern house of
7 rooms and bath: porcelain tub; all
open and nickel plated plumbing: fine
brick mantel; large verandas; barn;
stable; good well; windmill and tank;
tank house; fancy chicken and pigeon
houses. Reasonable terms, or liberal
discount for cash.
W. E. RUDELL, Fruitvale ave. and Wash-
ington st.: office hours, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.,
Sundays included. %
H. A. PLEITNER,
Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$475 — House of 2 rooms; lot 60x113, all
fenced; walking distance to local
train.
$675 — House of 4 rooms; pantry, closets,
etc.: city water, stable, chicken
houses; lot 66x108. all fenced; 3
blocks from electric cars; easy terms
if <*.fcsired.
$S75 — House of 4 rooms; barn, chicken and
pigeon houses; flowers and berries;
lot 37 6-12x100; 2 blocks from Fruit-
vale Station. . '
$900 — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms: city water
80 cents per month: stable, chicken
houses, fruit trees and shrubberies;
!ot h0xl08, all fenced: fine location
and big bargain: easy terms if desired.
(1000 — New house of 4 rooms, hard finished
and basement, etc.; fruit trees, berry
bushes, chicken house, chicken yard;
walking distance to local train; lot
35x140, all fenced and cross-fenced.
$1250 — House of 4 rooms; 7- foot basement;
stable, chicken house; 12 chickens, 1
horse, cow. spring wagon, fruit trees;
lot C5x235* must be sold as owner is
point? to Europe.
$1650 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
•table, chicken houses, etc.; lot 4ix
! Ill: only 10 minutes' walk to Fruit-
; vale r.tation.
$2000 — 4 acres of sandy loam; partly covered
¦with fruit trees and ornamental trees;
only 2 blocks from electric cars.
$2600 — Two-story house of 8 rooms; porce-
lain baths, fine mantel, cement cellar.
¦ goo-i brick foundation, fruit trees and
fine lawn, chicken and pigeon houses;
lot 150x137 : half a block from Fruit-
vsle ftaticn.
H. A. PLEITNER,
Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$3000 — COTTAGE," 5 rooms, attic; furniture;
barn; 5 chicken houses; 1 acre fruit trees;
E side Seminary ave., Fruitvale. W. R. Low.
1 FOR sale — 5 acres. Rose ave. and High st.,
Fruitvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary Bt.
QAKLAMT A D VERTISEMENTS.
OFFICc— 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE. ~
POINT RICHMOND PROPERTY.
PAY $10 per month, make $100.
PAY $10 per month, make $100.
PAY $10 per month, make $100. -I '
It is being done every day.
¦It is being done every day.
It is being done every day.
SMALL FORTUNES ARE BEING MADE
WITH A SMALL AMOUNT OF MONEY.
Quick returns are made through our office.
Now Is the time to buy. Point Richmond
property is in its infancy.
Millions of dollars are being spent there.
$10 per month will make you from $100 to
$500 upon a safe investment.
Remember we were the first In the field,
sold over 500 lots in 90 days.
We handle nothing in this district except
the very choicest property.
EXAMINE OUR LIST PRICES AND
TERMS.
It costs you nothing for information.
Grandest offer ever made in this section.
The Richmond , Tract now on the market.
Adjoins the carshops. roundhouses and
railroad yards of the Santa Fe; in the direct
line of the Standard OH Company's refinery.
Adjoins Richmond postofflce, stores, hotel,
etc. *
All street work done by owner. The Rich-
mond Tract" is a subdivision in the City of
Richmond, consisting of only 234 lots, the
most convenient and cheapest property of-'
f ered "In this section.
Over 200 sold in 30 days.
Buy now and double your money on every
lot before paid for; lots $200 and upwards.
Exceptional easy terms. ~ . ¦
Only 10 minutes' walk to Santa Fe and
Southern Pacific Railroad stations.
Richmond Is the western terminus of the
great Santa Fe, where they are spending
immense sums .of money in building car-
shops, depots, roundhouses, etc. The Rich-
mond Tract adjoins them: the Standard Oil
Co. is building the * second largest refinery
in the world; the ships of- the Orient and !
the world can come together with rail at I 1
Point Richmond.
The Richmond Tract is in direct line of
all Improvements.
Remember the* present terms and prices
are for a short' time only.
Buy now If you wish to make money. Se-
cure catalogues, maps, etc.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Sole Agents,
4G0 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland Cal.*. v
632 Market St., room 10. S. F., Cal.
$3 CASH. $2 50 monthly— 2 lots, 25x106- price
$39 each. ;-...._--
$20 cash. $5 monthly— Lot 100x100; price
$250 in all.
$50 cash, $5 month— 4 lots, 100x100; trees
and shrubbery: price $300. ;•¦-->
$75 cash, $7 50 monthly — 8 lots, 100x200* '
, fine oaks and laurel trees; price $575. '
$C5 cash, $10 monthly — 200x200; price $9S5
in all; fine soil; grand view; superb climate*
,near electric car line; fine school; building up '
rapidly with a good class of people; no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland: call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh st. oppo-
site Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.' The San' Francisco* Vineyards' Corpora
tion of California was Incorporated yes
terday ¦• with •: a ; ; capital ' stock . of $500,000.
The directors, are William' Palmtag, J. s.
C. Thompson, Charles Lincoln", Frank W.
Pagef.and George , H.; Bahrs. : j. k.
O'Brien, K. I. • Bentley, ;C. H. Bentley,
Frank R. Wells and .William Metcalf i are
the - : directors of the /New,- Bunker Hill
Mining Company, which' was incorporated
yesterday, with a stock of , JIOO.OOO.
The articles of incorporation of the .West
ern "'; Magazine Publishing j Company ,;,were
filed yesterday. The : i?ew : firm is capital
ized ' for '•¦ $50,000. !.- The ; directors \ are " E. : F.
Bpangler," A;"; Beckwith; i; C, { D. ', Thurston,
U. : ; 3.* Codding and I*. H. Barrieau.
New Incorporations.
In rendering his decision the Judge said,
after j referring j to the question ¦ of juris
diction, that the most perplexing 1 ¦ feature
of 7 the case was to find the true facts
from the mass of contradictory testimony
produced at, the trial. The testimony was
grossly, exaggerated and much bitterness
and feeling had: been brought into ; the
case unnecessarily, o The question as to
whether or not the defendant was main
taining a nuisance was more in the nature
of a civil action,, and;: in finding the de
fendant guilty- he would- say that no
, stigma > was attached to, a conviction in
the case. - The sanitarium, he found from
the evidence, was conducted in as orderly
a manner ¦ as a place of that character
could be conducted,' and he did not be
lieve'that the defendant or her employes
mistreated ' or ' abused ; their patients and
that the - institution was conducted in a
proper » manner. . ¦ ; 
"However,". said/ the ; Judge , in ' conclu
sion, - '.'I find , that ' noises have emanated
from 1 the sanitarium from time to time;
that these noises have disturbed : a large
portion of the community, and. I ; there
fore find that the sanitarium a3 located
at' 1815 Sutter street 'is a public; nuisance."
,' Judge Fritz rendered his decision yes
terday in the case of Mrs. Reeves Atkin
son, charged with maintaining a nuisance
in the shape of a private sanitarium at
1815 Sutter street He convicted her on
the charge and ordered her to appear for
sentence next Saturday,' when notice ot
appeal'will be given. : ', ¦' ¦.
Judge Fritz Benders His Decision in
the, Long-Drawn-Out Sanita
;- . :: ".. ,. ' ;;rium Case. ;' ' . :'
MRS. BEEVES ATKINSON" ; , ; :
- MAINTAINS A^ NUISANCE
:, Estate of ; Lewis. Albert '(by P. Boland." ad
ministrator)! to Charles: AJ King,' lot on NW
. r Emelie ¦ M.r Chabot to Boverley ' MacMonagle.
lot on SW. corner of Butter and Taylor streets.
W27:6 by>S 100;?$10.~ r > ¦
. Augustln S. Macdonald (by B. P. -Oliver,
commissioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, re- record 1931 D. 233. lot on SB corner
of Lombard and Scott streets, E 137:6 by S
137:6 (recorded April 25. 1002); $3400. . .
Jacob Samuels to Emma Goldstein, lot on S
line of Greenwich street, 153 E, of Polk, E
26:6 by 8 137:6; $10. .
• Edgar- B.,' Isabell A. or Isabella Conde to
Caroline Taubles, • lot on E line of Van Nes3
avenue, 47:6 S of Broadway, 8 45 by E 100; $10.
Mary J. Martin to Mary A. and Ellen T.
Martin, lot on W line of Van Ness avenue,
70 S of Ellis street, S 52 by W 109:0; gift. .
Herbert • E. and Grace W. Law to Henry
E. Bothin, lot on W line of Van Ness avenue,
02:6 N of Chestnut street. N 100 by W 45; $10.
Paul and Clara Friedman to same, lot on E
line of Franklin street, 137:6 S of Bay. S 60
by E 124; $10. • -
California Title Insurance ' and Trust Com
pany to same, lot on SW corner of Bay street
and Van Ness avenue, W 123 by S 112:6;
$11,600. -; ¦'¦
Anna von Seggern to George W. and Mary
J. Hartman, lot on N line of Filbert street,
170:8% 'E- of Gough, NW 61:5%. NE 37:7'A,
SW 84:0%, SW 31:6%, SE, 150:7^4, E 40; also
lot on N line of Union street, 147:8 E of Gough,
NW 275 :7%, W 40, SE 275 :7%. E 40 (re
record 1500 D. 114); $3000.
Couls'and Lusha Houser to Emile'Bertsch,
lot on N line of Post street. 212:6 ,E of , Bu
chanan. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Hyman and Albert Marx to California - Safe*
Deposit and Trust Company, lot on NW.'cor
ner of Filbert and Broderlck . streets, , W ¦< 38 :2
by N 75; $10. ¦• .¦..,.-¦:' , ;¦ ¦ ;..;¦¦
Helen L. or Helen L. H. Beal to D. O. Har
relson- Jr.. lot 'on W line of Broderick « street.
61:4 N of Waller,, W 100 by N 28:8; $10.
' Thomas Morton to Mary J. Gibbons (single),
lot on N line of Post street, 100 W of Baker.
W 25 by.N 137:6; $10/ V - - ¦.::. : . : ¦ ,
Charles H. and Annie N. Crowell;to Leontine
Blum, lot on SE corner of Clay street and Cen
tral avenue, i S 27:8% by E 100; $10.
. Emma G. Wright to Annie Fabian, lot on S
line of Clay street, 165 W of Locust, W 110
by S 127:8%; $10. V ; .'
Wilhelmine English to Paul M.v and * Mary
D. Jahnke (wife), lot on NE corner of Fulton
street and Parker I avenue, E 78:10% I by N
109:8; $10. -• - -'¦"'• ' „- >¦" ! . .•; t • ¦ • ••; '
Annie- Gallagher (widow) to Jerome Mllly,
lot;on.W line, of FolBonr street,. 60 N .of-Fif
teenth. N 25 by W, 85; $10.:. ...-...- :
. «Annle- • Karmelenskl ¦- (wife of ¦ ; Jacob) and
Mark and Ernestine Simon- to Sarah" Simon
lot 'on E line of Montgomery street,'. 43:0 S of
Pacific.' 6*22:8 by E 68:9; $5." - •„;.•*? 0I
Marion and Frances Leventritt to Sophie M.
E. - B. ' and ; Sarah M. Dunning ¦ and : W - Kel
sey; to I D" Arcy M:' and* Kate | E. I Cashin, lot
commencing 100 ,W of Taylor and 137:7. ; N of
Broadway, N , 1JB. . Wj 1, 8 8. W ; 3. S 10, E 4 ;
: •• D 1 Arcy ' M. and Kate E. Cashin .to .Agaplta
O.'de Clapp.'lot commencing. 100. W of Taylor
street and 137:0 N of Broadway, > N - 32 by W
18, -quitclaim -deed;' $10, ¦. - . „.. .
:¦¦ John H. Eummelen to same (wife of Robert
C), 'lot- on -W line of:Taylor street.' 137:6- N
of Broadway, N 32. W^7.^N 1, W 40,. N, 2. W
15,-S 3, !i W18..S,32, i E 100;. $10. •;..;:,,,
SATURDAY, APRIL 26.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E. J. Le Breton (owner) with L. B. Sibley
(contractor), ¦ architect* Albert Plssis — Grading,
oxcavating, filling in and leveling off of lot for
Home for the Aged of the Little Sisters of the
Pcor, ' on N ; line of Lake street. 120 E from
Fifth avenue, B 340, N 780:6 to stonewall of
United States Reservation. SW '391:0^. SE
703:5 8-16 to beginning; ?2275.
Frank ¦ C. Price (owner) with William P.
Todd (contractor), architect T. D. Newsom—
All work for a two-story frame building en lot
20. block C. College Heights; $2700.
Sarah Ellen Huntlntrton (owner) with Hen
ning P. Otten (contractor), architect none —
All work for a two-story and. basement frame
building on N line of Sacramento street, 112:6
15 from Walnut, 25x102 :8V4 ; 13900.
Builders' Contracts.
. ¦ SATURDAY, April 28—12 m.
Bid. Ask. / - - Bid. Ask.
Alpha-. 02 03 Justice ....... 08 09
Alta 03 05 Kentuck . 01 02
Andes 04 05 Lady "Wash. .: —'04
Belcher ...... 00 11 Mexican .."...' 55' : 56
Best & Belch. 26 28 Occidental 13 14
Bullion ...... 02 03 Ophir .......1 45 1 50
Caledonia 58 58 Overman 25 27
Challenge .... 18 20 Potosi ....... 31 32
Chollar 20 22 Savage ...... 14 16
Confidence ... 62 "', 65 Scorpion ..'... 01
Con Cal & Va.1 45 1 50 Seg Belcher.. .01. 03
Con 'Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nevada - 26' 28
2on New Tork — 02 Silver Hill ... 45 48
Crown Point. 08 00 St. Louis..... 06 —
Eureka Con. . 18 — Syndicate . . . ." 07 —
Exchequer ;.. — 01 Union Con ... 28 29
Gould & Curry 07 09 Utah 03 04
Hale & Nor. .23 21 Yellow Jacket 12 " 13
Julia '¦'— 04 ' ¦.. . . .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Ex-Parte Order for Payment of Ali-
xnony Is Held, to Be
:. ; Invalid. - -
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that an ex-parte order for the payment of
alimony Js void If , the court does - not -at
the time of the issuance of the order
have jurisdiction over the Defendant. TKe
matter has been the subject of many legal
disputes, but has never before been defi
nitely settled. . ¦'¦¦',,•¦
Alice T.- Baker of Sacramento brought
"suit against her husband. Rock Baker, for
a divorce on the ground of cruelty.
Pending a. settlement of the case, t^e de
fendant jvas ordered by the court to pay
his wife $300 as counsel fees and alimony.
The court did not at the time have juris
diction over Baker and on the advice of
his attorneys he refused to make the pay
ment. He was cited for contempt and
his claims of justification were not al
lowed. . _\ .
The Supreme Court holds that Baker
was right in his contention and that he
will not have to obey the order of the
lower court. ¦ •
200 Best & Belchr 20 300, Ophlr ........1 45
500 Chollar .V20 500Potosl ....... ¦ 28
200 Con C & V.I 87% 1200 Potosl ....... 30
200 Con Cal & Va.l 40 900 Potosl .:.."... 31
300 Con Cal & Va.l 45 500 Potosi ... 32
500 Con C & V.I 47% 600 Sierra Nevada '27
600 Crown Point.. I 0U 150 Sierra Nevada 20
500 Gould & Cury 06 200 Union Con.... 27
500 Mexican 53 500 Yellow Jacket 12
200 Occidental ... 13
Morning- Session.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: • •' ¦ .
COO Best &,Belchr - 2G -500 Overman .... 26
BOO.Chollar^^.—^5u - ltx> o-.vjii.bn . . . . .tar
300 Con Cal & Va.l 40 600 PotOBi 28
800 Crown. Point.. 09 200 Savage 14
400 Hale & Nor.. 23 300 Sierra Nevada 27
800 Mexican 53 300 Union Con ... ' 27
100 Ophlr .1 45 50 (Union Con ... .28
100 Ophlr 140 100 Utah ........ 04
Morning Session.
The following were the sales on the Ban
Francisco 'Stock ¦ and Exchange Board yester
day: ¦ " '
MINING STOCKS.
SUPREME COURT ENDS
INTERESTING DISPUTE
8 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 6 75
100 Sovereign 32
500 Sterling , ..100
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Four 54
t-0 Home : 3 65
40 Kern River 7 CO
1000 Lion (b 30) 07
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 6 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
50 Mutual Electric Light 4 00
25 Oceanic S S Co - 31 00
15 S F Ga3 & Electric Co 45 37^
150 S F'Gas & Electric Co 45 25
$££00 Sierra Ry of Cal 6 per ct bonds.HG 00
50 Spring Valley Water 92 00
Continued From Page Thirty-five.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
United States District Attorney "Wood
worth and Benson . & Schlesinger have
been highly complimented on the excel
lent presentation on behalf of the Govern
ment of a complicated case of circum
stantial evidence. Through the splendid
work of United States Secret Service
Agent "W. J. Burns of Washington many
hidden things were, brought to light and
Jhe complications were straightened out.
Mr. Burns leaves for Washington this
morning," but will return in time to pre
pare for the next trial.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning the jury
in the case of the United States vs. Wal
ter N. DImmick was called into court and
announced that it had been unable to
agree upon a verdict. It was accordingly
discharged. The jury retired at 2:30 p. m.
on Friday and stood nine for conviction
to three for acquittal on the first ballot.
This standing of the Jurors remained un
changed during the whole of their ses
sion. Dimmick will be placed on trial
again in August. .
ond Trial in Month of
August. - '-.•¦•
Defendant Will Be Put on. His Sec-
JTJBY STAND NIXTE TO
V THREE IN DIMMICK CASE
The circus was a financial success, th«
Elks realizing a large sum for their new
building fund.
• In the big tent the best of good humor
prevailed, In spite of the fact that the
peanut butchers and lemonade venders
short-changed everybody and took every
cent that came in sight, with no | com
punctions of conscience. The performance
'was for the most part a burlesque. The
clowns were nearly all local men. " Several
very good legitimate turns were given,
however— enough so that the audience
was satisfied that it had really seen a
cfrcus. The afternoon performance was
followed by a concert.
' Deputy District Attorney Church was
the principal attraction in the sideshow,
giving an exhibition of ventriloquial feats.
The show commenced this morning with
a street parade, in which were all of the
usual features, from the clown and the
donkey to • the steam calliope. "Well
known citizens of Fresno were out in
clown suits and ballet dresses and dignity
was thrown to the winds. The principal
object of the day was funmaking:.
FRESNO, April 26.— The Elks' circus in
this city to-day was in every way a pro
nounced success. About 4000 persons at
tended in the afternoon and almost as
many in the evening, arid all were satis
fied with the funHhey had.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Staid Business Men in the
Role of Clowns Excite
Hilarity. -
Elks' "Greatest Show
on Earth" a Big
Success..
Claranda R. Dlxon (widow) to Laura M.
Torley (wife of W.-G. Torley). lot on N_llne
of Thirty-fourth or Brown street. 216 E of
Grove, E 45:8. N 120:3. W 47:4 S 120: J L lot
8. block A, Map of property of Central Land
Company, Oakland; $10. r .
Sarah Jane O'Brien to Frank A. Roberts,
lot on E corner of East Twelfth [street ; and
Thirteenth avenue. SE 100. NE 200 1 SE <5.
SW 200 to NE line of East Twelfth street,
SE 50. NE 375 to SW line of East Fourteenih
• street NW along said. line luO to point 75 SE
from 'the SE line of Thirteenth avenue, on a
line drawn parallel thereto SW 120 to point
200 NE of East- Twelfth street. SEMSW
75. KW 100 SW 125, block B, Clinton. East
Oi iuza''welih to Abraham Welch (husband)
lot on W corner of East Sixteenth street and
Eleventh avenue. NW 150 by SW To block
beginning, block 15, Clinton, • East Oakland;
View Cemetery Association to John
T. wills* lot ir T cemetery. Oakland Township;
?B Tohn Simonds to Edward Graham, lot on
N ffi -of S1 S2SSn» r ay -f 2 , 25 t8 E 4? f and n 4- "Sol*
f %£o?£^Tot°\,%& g £?v^5X£
Be BS e a y mln $1 F. Franklin' (single) to Le Roy
L. . Barlow. W 50 feet of lot 18. Map of For
rest Park. Brooklyn Township, $10. .
™Altmeda Land Company^ (corporation) p to
Hubert Judge '(widower), lot on N » ne _°L *,,
ciflc avenue 200 E of Chestnut street E 50 by
150^2 Tot"!.' blocir4. map of lands adjacent to
E wnflkm^H? 1^ Men C. Ford to John B
O'Neal lots 37 to 39, and that portion of lot
34 lying \V of a center line drawn. parallel to
and'mid^between the W^and E , boundary
Hnp<» of said' lot 36, being W % of sam lot,
map of Ford tract, Nlles. Washington Town
6h Jokn lowers to Thomas' Powers, undivided
1-3 interest in the following: Beginning at
stake on E line of Ban Pablo avenue, thence
I 30 76 E 1257N 35.72. W 25 to beginning lot
<14 Pott's tract Oakland: also lot on E line of
lln Pablo avenue, 25 N of Elizabeth street
N 50 by E 125, lot 31. same. Oakland: also lot
on N line of Elizabeth street, .125 E of San
Pablo avenue. E 25. N 110.9 to point in line
dividing plots 54 and 55. Kellersberger-s map
Bo V and D. Peralta. W 23.13. S 110.72. being
W part of lot 29. map of Kellersberger's. Oak
land; also all other property in Alameda
CO Wiinam f G. Henshaw (and as attorney) and
Hetty T. Henshaw (by attorney) to John Llew
ellyn, lot on SE line of Twelfth avenue, 172.14
S from SW line of East Twenty-eighth street,
SW 50 275 SE 103.74, NE 50.89, NW 99.63, lot
32., map of Temple ton Tract. East Oakland;
¦B^A'" i "ah<I Martha- J.- Haines - {wife** to- Land
and Development Company (corporation). E half
of lot 3. block 25, map of property of J. S.
Emery as per map of part of plat 6, Kellers
berger's survey of V. and D. Peralta Rancho,
quitclaim deed, Oakland Township; $5.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Louise Schlmmelpfennig, lot in cemetery. Oak
land Township; $CS. ,, '., „ \
. Addie J. and Charles H. Mallawell to
Charles W. Richardson (widower)/ lot on "W
line of Grove street. 130 S of Russell. S 40 by
W.122, lot 22, block 10, map of subdivision of
block 10, Central Park Tract, subject to 651
M. 245 for $1300, Berkeley; $10.
-John M. McArthur to Bessie Ross McArthur
(wife), lot on SW corner High street and Pen
nlrnan avenue. S 232.8. W 147. NE 235.20. E
158, being portion of land conveyed to grantor
324 T>. 147. subject to mortgage, less strip con
veyed to Alameda County to widen High street,
Brooklyn Township; gift. . ... • . •
Harriet A. and D. Pratt to Samuel and Isa
bella Hawkfn8, lots 40 to 44, map of Frultvale
Cottage Homestead Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$io. • ¦' •*¦•-..
John S. and Mary A. Costa to- John J. An
drade, lot on N line of Callan avenue, at stake
set 69:6 NE of intersection of said line and
said avenue with E line of Sybil street, NE
70:3 by NW 145. block 10, East San Leandro,
Eden Township; $10. . *.
Alameda County.
line of Tehama street. 255 NE of Third. ;NE.
20 by, NW- 80: $2000. ; • -'¦¦ , '.-.. • ¦ • ' _
Charles A. and " Mary A. King to Henry E.
Bothin; same;. $10. ¦ _ ¦ . " '' J. ' ' , ,
. Otis F.-WUley and C. A. and Annie Buckley
to, William B. Fringle. lot on SW line of Third
street, 256 :SSE of Bryant.. SE 23:4 by SW
1C0; $10. ¦ ' ' < ' ¦ --" ' - ¦-•
Michael Gannon to Catherine >' Shields
(widow), lot on SW line of Ritch • street. 250
SE of Folsora, SE 25 by SW. 75. quitclaim
deed; $1. V . ir *^. •¦ -
•- Catherine Shields to Lev! M. Kellogg, same;
¦ John Powers to Thomas Powers, undivided
third of lot on SE line of Minna street. 125
SW of Seventh;s£W 25 by SE 80; gift.
Sheldon G.- Kellogg. to George- E. Tooker, lot
on NE line of Eighth street, 105 SE of How
ard, SE 25 by NE 137:0; $10.
¦ George E. Tooker to Peter Jensen, same; $10.
Bridget and F. W. Denslng to Emmff-S.
Densing, lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue,
171:1 S of California street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Henry M. and George L. Whltely and Caro
line .W. and Walter Baker to Albert H. and
Maria M. Ehret, lot on E line of Sixth avenue,
225 N of Clemtnt St., N 25 by E 120; $10.
¦ rErmlna A. Cox (widow) to William Cox, lot
on W line of Twelfth avenue, 116:11 N of K
street. N 25:6,.W 98, SE 25:4. E 95:4; $10.
•. Fannie P. Farnsworth (executrix estate of
David L. Farnsworth) to F. C. Price, lot 20.
block C. Sunset Heights; $1000. • ,.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, same; ?1.
S. Ducos Company (corporation) to Edward
H. Cardall, lot 8, block 2, Syndicate's ¦ First
Addition to San Francisco; $10. • ' " •
- Georgien S. and James L. Hopkins to Lus
Cooper, lot on E line of Stanyan street. 2a N
of Eighteenth, N 25, E 139:2, SE 25:0%, W
137:1, lot 21, block 4, Subdivision 1, Clarendon
Heights; $10. - „ ' ,,
Solomon and Dora, Getz to Mary E. Mc-
Donough (single), lot on NW line of London
street, 100 NE of China, NE25 by NW 100.
block 1, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Ellen Hogan (single) to Soren Nielsen, lot
on SW line of Berkshire and Clinton avenues,
W-25 by S 100, lot 8, block" 5, M'.ssion and
Thirtieth Street Extension Homestead; $10.
FRESNO LAUGHS
ON CIRCUS DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO iCALL; -vSUN^AY^iAPRII^v; 27, 1902.
39
WAREHOUSES/
PIEIiCE-RODOLPH Etoranre & Moving Co.. of-
fioe Post and Powell ets.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
elon st. ; tel. Howard 94L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson gSl.
TO- LEASE. .
TO Lease — Kenil worth Inn; romantically sit-
uated in Mill .Valley;. &0 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; in' good
condition: 40 rooms: steam and hot water
baths; electric lights; heaters throughout;
elevators, etc.; rent low. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 30 Montgomery St.. or ROQERTS.
Real Estate Agent. M1U Valley, Cal.
BOSS VALLEY — To lease; summer resort
known as Tamalpals Villa, cottages, grounds.
«tc. euit&ble for hotel purposes; 48 minutes
from city to Kent Station. Apply to G. E.
BUTLER. 413 California st.
TYPEWRITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
eogxaphing. 827 Market, rm. 301; Jessie 1554.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APXRT^lS^S~for^hV^c^€keeplng; furnish-
ed eunny suit, with kitchen; all modern im-
provements; bath; telephone; $18 to $20 suite.
BT. JAMES, McAllister and Lapuna sta.
EDDY. 724 (middle flat)— Fine front room,
" newly and well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold water for bath, phone, with two
other well furnished rooms, all complete for
housekeeping; every convenience; see them;
-suitable ior 2 or 4 adults; reasonable.
ARDELL, 15 Page — Best-furnished $10 house-
keeplng suites north Market; double rm. $6.
BELL (The), 1773 Market— Sunny 6Ultes. with
kitchen, gas or coal etove, 1 12 to $2U.
BRODi:iUCK. 1924—3 desirable furnlfhed
housekpg rooms; coal and gas range; bath.
BUSH, 1001. cor. Jones — Van Nuys; modern
fum. and unfurn. suites; new house; not and
cold- water; bathe; electric lights; first-class.
ELEVENTH. :>S— 2 furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
FELL 203 — 1 furnished . room for light house-
keeping, $9. including gas; single for gentle-
man, Ifl tO i-er week.
FULTQX, 036 — Larse front sunny room, with
or without board, for 2; private family.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 2 large rooms; bath, gas, range, etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1005—3 nicely furnished
rms. ; bath; Bas; water; phone; private; reas.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404^ — 2 nicely furnished
front eunny rooms, with kitchen; reasonable.
GROVE 104, near Polk — Furnished front suite
rootns'"for . housekeeping. $15 per month.
GROVE, 129—2 large connecting front rooms
Icr housekeepinc- _^ « '
HAYES; 526— 2 , large tmnny housekeeping
rooms; eas, bath, phone.
HOWARD,- 1063—2 mmny connecting «omplete-
--..ly furn. hakpg. nn?.; running -water; otfaera.
HOW VRD, IOCS, bet. 6th and 7th— Sunny
housekeeping rooms; all conveniences; rent
moderate. • - - --
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
\ or , ur.f uroiEhed housekeeping rooms.
' HYDE 408— Sunny front alcove suite. ' complete
for housekeeping: also one large room.
HYDE, 913 — Elecant parlor suite, with or
without housekeeping; other rooms.
L.ARKIX, 710— Two eunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
LARKIN 1010 — Newly furnished rooms, sln-
gle or en culte; very reasonable.
LiXDEX ave., S24^ — Nice front room, with use
of kitchen, for man and wife.
MCALLISTER. 536 — Nicely furnithed 6unny
connecting suites; every conv*ce; $15 and $7.
MINXA 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing- and single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION. S»5 — Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Nicely furnished front connecting
suite; every convenience for housekeeping;
$14.
OCTAVIA 1403, cor. Geary — Sunny front room
with kitchen; bay- window; gas stove; $9.
O'FARRELL, 917 — A floor of 3 unfurnished
' housekeeping rooms ; use of laundry.
PIERCE, 3000 — 2 eunny front rooms, with
piano and use of kitchen and tath; rent $1(3.
POU'ELL 415*4—2 unfurnished rooms, suita-
ble- for housekeeping; In rear. j
3 POWELL. 919 — 3 housekeeping rooms; . top
- -floor: adults. -¦¦ -. . ¦¦---.
EHOTVELL, 324. bet. . 17th. anA . ISth,— 2 nice
rooms for housekeeping.
TEHAMA, 478 — 3 or 5 sunny furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable;
• no children. - '
TEHAMA, 331 — Furnished housekeeping rooms,
hot, cold water, .also stationary washtubs.
TURK. 409 — Nicely furnished rooms for howe-
keeplng. ¦ /-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been - established at 1096
Valencia st. • • • ¦ ¦ -¦ /:*¦*'¦ -"¦
BOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unforn.
AKGTLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— Xev>\ elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates, by week or
month ; McAllister cars to door; Eiandsomest
grill room in California attached.- ,.:
Jl — BRUNSWICK House, 148 K/ixtl> — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $.V<er week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern. 7th ana Mission— Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c to
$1 SO night: 12 to tl week; parlor; elevator.
A — EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary —
. Sunny .rms.; elngle, double;) mod, conven'ces.
A-VE.VDOME, 1104 Market-i-Changea- hands;
renovated; furn. euitee. Mrs^ V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week -or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1428 Market-. <old No. 1364)— Fur-
-nlshed mil., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 727 — Furnished room for gentleman;
gas; bath; reasons. b^.e.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
- furnished tur.r.y rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozjvrt) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c.
. - $-1 50 night; $1 SO. $6 week; open all night.
GEART 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
. ed cultes and single; travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to chare
with him a. large suite of rooms In a first-
class fan-.ily hotel. Address L. H. C. 26
Montgomery et., room 14. , ..-«¦'..
GOLDEN 'GATE AVE., 75S — 2 eunny rooms;
light Housekeeping; bath; phone; reasonable;
private.
KOWAJID, 1258, near Ninth— Fine sunny
rooms: newly furnished; private; adults.
JONES, - 305 — Nicely furnished grooms; eunny;
gas; bath; telephone. ¦
JONES, 317 — Front or back parlor, alone or en
saite; also single and 1 housekeeping suite.
LARKIN. 4OS — Good-elzed sunny single room;
private house. -
MINNA. CC7, corner 6th — Newly furnished bay-
window room; tl per week; transient. .
KIFSION, 9C9 — Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished. .
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; e!ec lights; day, week, mo.
O'FAHRELL, 129A. near Orpheum — Nicely fur-
nished front and back parlors; en suite or
elnjrle; othere. • .
O*FAURELL. 426, near Jones — House Just
charged hands; newly renovated; reasonable.
OLIvr: ave., 127. nr. Van Ness — 2 unfurnished
rooms, $6 50 per month.
POLK. 1S39 — I eunny rooms. In euites or sin-
gle: bath. eras, phone; terms reasonable; fur-
nished o.r unfurnished.
BOYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles', par-
lor; rocms. per night, '55c to $1 60; week, 12
to $8; month. $8 to (30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH ,'28 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for $12, $10. $S; gas and range; bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
- near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 1206 (Model House)— Housekeep-
ing, $4. $6, $10; free gas; bath; newly furn.
SUTTER. ,908 — Comfortable furnished rooms;
6-jites' or" tingle. - ¦
TO Let — Sunny > furnished room, ' near Call-
- fornla. and Hyde et. cars; 15 minutes' walk
irom Market and Kearny ets.-, rent $3 per
month. " Box 1475, Call. , .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
recelred at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore.
ROQSIS A.VD HOARD WASTED.
2 LADIES engaged during day want board and
room In private famll^; not to exceed $4
,' nx-ek each. Box 1C70, . Call office. ...
WANTED — By man and -wife, room and board
in private family for $50 per month. ' Box
ROOMS AND BOARD. - ;
FILLMORE, -1720. - near Sutter — Large v sunny
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; gas, bath; newly
furnished; with or without board ; private
family. - ¦• . - ;¦ • ' -.
NICELY furnished rooms, suite or single, in
a first-class family hotel on Sutter st.; table
excellent; gentlemen preferred. Box 1675,
Call office. ¦¦.-.:.„..•.'¦.-
THE CORBIN. 83G Sutter — Elegant cor." suite
and single rooms; table first-class; phone
Polk 4102. ' ¦¦"'-•
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOWARD. 1129. corner . Rausch— Furnished
rooms with or without board. _. ."¦ -
LAMBOURNE, 420" Eddy— High-class house;'
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished sunny
Eultes; single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS. 607— To. a reflned. couple; large
eunny parlor, with board. In private home.
VAN NESS ave., 815 — Sunny rooms, excellent
board. %Vb and $40; also a large front suite.
ROOMS WASTED.
FOUR connecting rooms or part of house for
housekeeping; 2 adults; permanent; Mission.
Box 1650, Call office. ' : '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC— A. F. PAHLKE
• having withdrawn March 12.-1902, from D.
M. PIDGE & CO.'S show card business,
all accounts against said firm will be as-
sumed by D. M. PIDGE, 25 Geary st., S. F.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALTv kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing:
lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TO holders, of mortgage bonds of the Market
Street Cable Railway, Park. and Ocean Rail-
road, Omnibus Cable, Powell Street Railway,
Park and Cliff House Railway, Ferries and
Cliff House Railway, Market Street Railway
and Sutter Street Railway Companies:
Notice is hereby given that Interest coupons
of mortgage bonds of the above-mentioned
companies will be paid hereafter at the office
of the treasurer of the United Railroads, of
Ean Francisco, room 90, Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express building-, 49 Second St., San Fran-
cisco. GEO. B. WILLCUTT.
Secretary United Railroads of San Francisco.
ntOFOSALS.
UNIVERSITY ?)F CALIFORNIA Berkeley—
Notice ¦ to Contractors. Builders and Mate-
rial -.Men: Notice Is hereby given to all con-
cerned that eealedn?voposals or bids are solic-
ited for performing 'the labor and furnishing
the materials necessary to the erection of aa
addition to the. Bacon Art Gallery and Li-
brary Building on the grounds of the Uni-
%-ersity ¦ of California at Berkeley. Alameda
' County, and said ' bids or proposals will be
received at room 19. ninth floor. Mills build-
in*. Ean FrancUco, at or before. 3 o'clock
p. m. of the. 80th of April, 1902. And notice
is hereby further given that the plans an3
speculations . of said building have . been
made and adopted and are placed in the of-
fice of the secretary of the Board of Regents
room ltt. South Hall. . Berkeley. Cal.. where
the tame may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a, \n. until 4 o'clock
p. m.. from this date -until said 30th day of
¦ April. 1902. No bids or proposals will b*
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that If said bid or proposal shall be ac-
cepted the party propo&ing will duly enter
Into a proper contract to faithfully perform tha
duty and obligations in accordance with said
proposal and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such . contract. The right to reject any
!.. and all bids Is hereby reserved. This notice
is given pursuant to an act entitled VAn
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to cre-
ate and organize the University of Califor-
nia.' approved March 25. .1S6S. and an- act
amendatory of section . 25 r thereof, approved
I March 28. 1872. relating to the cOEStructtoh
of buildings." approved March 8. 1891. By
. order of the Committee on Grounds and
Bulldin?* of the Board of Repeals, n ¦ ,
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
M ABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses -were Issued
yesterday: ....'. l /- ,;'/ .,."..*.;
• Charles J. Wielhelm. 26." 947 Mission street,
and Catharine M. Mercier, 2S, 947 Mission st.
• "William JU.-Wissins.v 3S,< 19e Shipley. Btreet,'
and May 'EirtweU, 45y 1129 Howard street.
' Richard N. ' Abbey. 49. Atlanta, Ga., and
Tillie Tetrault, 27, Cohoes, N. Y.
Martin gOiul>el, 51, Colma, and Meta. Behl-
Tner,-'W; Corma. —~ ' . .:
Louia B. Stone, 32. Berkeley, and Caroline
M. Croyland, 26. .city. . .
Clarence W. Tompklns, 24, 203 Post street,
and bailie A. Hogan. 18. 1169 Mission . street.
Charles W. Carson, 31, city, and Mae Fine-
gan. 30, city* • .
Harry B. -Henry, 22, 809 Van Ness avenue.
»nd Nettie E. Cox, 22, 1517 Devisadero street.
, Joseph R. Goodrich. 22. 124 Ninth street,
£hd Jennie A. Johnson. 22. Mabee, Ohio.
Martin L. Anderson, 29. Telluride, Colo., and
Anna I. Mortimer, 30. 264 San Carlos avenue.
John W. Andereon, 39. 141 Silver •treet, and
Ida Erikson. 37, 141 Silver street
' Daniel I. King, 22, city, and Sara J. Dono-
hue, 20, city.
Samuel Dix, 27, 603 Pennsylvania avenue,
and Katie Ohlendrof, 19, 603 Pennsylvania ave.
Carl A. Strassburger. 24.- 21S Eddy street,
and Isabella F. McKay, 25. Grand Hotel.
William A, Niemann, 28, 2042 Howard
etreet, and Martha A. Weiboldt, 22, 93? Steiner
etreet. • ¦ . •'• • * ¦ • . ;
Albert C. Fairfleld, 24, 1519 Eddy street, and
Lillian S. Pullen, 23, 1404 Golden Gate ave.
Harvey T. Jessen, 32. Turk and Taylor
streets, and Addie M. Throckmorton, 25, Oak-
land. . ' ' '
Koby S. Kooser, 21, San Jose, and" Sophie L.
Senter, 21. San Jose. . . . . .
John McGrath, 31, - 521 Minna etreet, and
Emma G.Cardinet, 22, 514 Minna street.
Rudolph E. Fuchs, 24, city, and Ella Koch.
23, city.
John E. Cofer. 26, 316 Jones street, and
Qrace Chambers, 19. Covelo. ¦ ' , -
Harry R. Hathaway. 53.-532 Ellis street, and
Julia A. Williams, 49. 641 McAllister street.
Edward M. Robert, .21, 1805 Howard street,
and Mary E. Cuddy, 21, 1805 Howard street.
James B. Warren. 29, 612 Buchanan street,
and Carrie Lutz, 25, Barnwell, 6. C.
George Wapple, 41, Hollister, and J.. Ger-
trude McCloskey. 23. Hollister.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
BEADLE— In this city, April 22, 1902, to the
wife of Donald B. Beadle, a son.
BUNKER— 111 this city, April 16, 1002, to the
wife of W. Edwin Bunker of Alameda, a
son. • ...
CONNOLLY— In this city, April 19. 1902, to
the wife of Edward M. Connolly, a son.
HENERY— In this city, April 22. 1902, to the
wife of W. E. Henery, a daughter.
KRUG— In San Mateo, Aprll25, 1902, to the
wife of Albert Krug, a daughter.
McNEIL— In South San Francisco, April 21,
1902. to the wife of J. C. McNeil, a son.
MARKOWITZ — In this city, April 15, 1902, to
the wife of Daniel S. Markowltz, a daugh-
ter.
NOLAN— In this city. April C. 1902, to the
wife of W. P. Nolan, a son. .
PETERSEN— In this city, April 25, 1902, to
the wife of Hans L. Petersen, a daughter.
WYCKOFF— In this city, April 25. 1902. to the
wife of F. C. Wyckoff. a son.
ZEIMER — In this city, April 25, 1902, to the
, wile of Isadore Zeimer, a daughter.
~ ~~~~ TVTAH.'RTTm, ~
BROWN— KELLY— In this city, April 23, 1902,
at St. Agnes Church, by the Rev. Father
Moran, Louis T. Brown and Ella R. Kelly,
both of San Francisco.
GALLAGHER — KELLY — In this city, April 2,
1902. at Holy Crosa Church, by the Rev. J.
F. McGInty, Bernard J. Gallagher and Kath-
erir.e Kelly, both. of San Franclaco.. ¦
KINGSTON— HUTCHINSON— In College Park'
M. E. Church, April 26, 1902, by the i Rev.
. Dr. John A- B. Wilson, John F. Kingston
and Ethel M. Hutchlr.son, both of San Fran-
Cisco. f
MAYER— BAMMANN— In this city, April 23,
1902, by the Rev. J. H. fichroeder,. August
F. Mayer and Minnie R. C. Banunann.
ROSENBERG-^LEVY— In Oakland, April' 20,
1902. by the Rev. Rabbi A. B. J. Brown,
. Aaron B. Rosenberg of Fresno, Cal., and
- Kntey Levy of Oakland. Cal.
RUSTGARD— OSBORNE— In this city,\ April
24. 1902, by the Rev. B. J. , Lee. John Rust-
gard and Allc« J. Ofiborne, -both of San
Francisco. . - . . •
TIERNAN — BLENNERHASSETT — In I this
city. April 2, 1902, at 6t. Mary's Cathedral,
by the Rev. Father Ram m, William J. Tier-
. nan and Mae E. Blennerhaesett. both of San
-¦ 'Francisco. • . _ ¦ ' -.
WAPPLE— McCLOSKEY— In this city, April
20. 1902, by the Rev. W. IC Guthrie, George
Wapple and Gertrude McCloskey, both.. of
Holllster, . Cal. • • •¦ . ¦ ; '
WIGGINS— BATWELL— In " this city, April
• 2tf, 1902, by the Rev. Dr.. John A. B., Wilson.
William R,- Wiggins and May Eatwell, . both
of San Francisco. ' ¦¦¦¦«¦ ..= -,
_•• .', -¦¦ DIED. : - ; '• :>¦ ;¦¦¦
Aerni.Georjre : Kelley, James J.
Benson, Olaf C. • •'; ¦ Larson,- James *.
Bohan., John - '¦-•» . Later, Llllie
Boland,. Michael XV Little. William H.
Campion, Edward - • Madsen, Erick
Caesidy, ,Mr». Franks Marron, Michael C. •¦
Christian. ¦ Catherine Miller. William . /
Cohn, William f O'Brien. William
SMBELEY, THE FLORIST.
HOTHOUSE ROSES, FRESH.
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER DOZ.
SWEET PEAS, 10c PER BUNCH.
311 SUTTER ST.
Phone Grant 197,
107 POWELL ST.kcarELUS VSSf. S056
Florist Co.
floral designs
• 'Prices Reasonable .'
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall. Seventh and Market streets. Inter-
j rnent Laurel Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors the. California Undertaking Company,
405 Powell street, near Post.
LATER— In this city, April 25. 1902, Llllie,
beloved wife of William Later, daughter of
Patrick and the late Margaret Eagan. and
sister cf Eugene Eagan, Mrs. W. Moody and
Mrs. M. Spohn, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years and 1 month.
LITTLE — In this city, April 24. 1902, William
H., beloved husband of the late Maria Lit-
tle, father of the late William H. Little
brother-in-law of Mrs. Sarah Perry, and
uncle of Mrs. Elizabeth M. Jewett, a native
' of Ireland, aged 75- years 5 months and 10
days. . . ¦ • ¦ ' ¦ - ¦ : :
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully - Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall
Seventh and Market streets, where services
will be held, under the auspices of Magnolia
Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. F. Interment I. O
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street.
MADSEN — In Moraga Valley, April, 25. 1902
Erick Madsen, beloved husband of Annie
Madsen, and father i of Matt, ' Henry, Erick
and Ella Madsen, a native of Denmark, ased
69 years 11 months and 23 days. ¦ -
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
at 2 o'clock, from Geary & Grlndell's unl
dertaklng parlors, Haywards. Interment San
Lorenzo Cemetery.- A member of San Lean-
dro Lodge, A. O. U. W.. and Petaluma
Lodze.' A. O. D.
MARRON— In this city. April 25, 1002, Michael
C. Marron. beloved husband of Mary Ellen
Marron, and father of Charles W., , James T
and Joseph F. Marron, a" native of County
Mayo, Ireland, aged 55 years.
MILLER— In this city, April 25, 1902, Wil-
liam Miller, a native of Germany, ¦ aged 75
years and 4 months. .
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 27, at 1:30 o'clock, at her late
. residence, 637 Palace court, between Fifth
nnd Sixth streets, Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
KELLEY — In this city. April 24. 1902, James
• Joseph Kelley, a native of Londonderry, Ire-
land, aged 64 years and 3 months. . .
: . E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
- street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services, commencing at J2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LARSON — In this city, April 24, 1902, James
Larson, a native of Denmark, aged 62 years.
A member of Fidelity Lodge No. 222. I. O.
O. F.
GUNNISON— In this city, April 25, 1902, An-
drew J. Gunnison, a native of Goshen, N. H.,
aged 79 years 6 months and 25 days.
E^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 27.. 1002; at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1«13 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HALL— In this city, April 24, 1902, Margaret
E., beloved wife of Dr. S. S. Hall, mother of
Samuel Francis HalL daughter of the late
John O'Brien, and sister of John, Timothy
and Mary Ann O'Brien, a native of New
Tork. aged 35 years 6 months and 24 days.
tC7"A requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul Monday, April 28,
at 9 o'clock, at Mission Dolores Church, Six-
teenth and Dolores streets.
JACOBSEN— In Alameda, April 24, 1902, Mrs.
Maria Dorothea Jacobsen. widow of Ferdi-
nand Jacobsen, and aunt of Henry and Lll-
lie Dahl. Mrs. J. H. Sandkamp and Mrs.
'Charles F. Uslnter, a native of Schleswlg-
. lloli'tein, Germany, aged 84 years 8 months
ana 16 days. ¦ . .
Devine, a native of Ireland, aged 7U years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances ! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral 'to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
¦ A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street,
¦iinderthe auspicos of - King Solomon Chap-
**~ter No. 170. O7 E. S.' Interment 'Home ot
Peace Cemetery.' by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and . Townsend streets.
DEVINE — In this city, April 20, 1902, Patrick
AERNI— In this city, April 24, 1902. George
¦ Aernl,- a native . of ¦ Switzerland, aged ' 58
years 3 months and 11 days. ' A member of
Swiss Mutual Benevolent Society and | San
Francisco GrutH Verein. * - •"';":
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 27,- at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and" Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BENSON— In this city, April 24, 1902, Olaf
Caver Benson. I beloved son of i Mrs. Odine
Arnesen, stepson of H. t B. Arnesen. and
brother of Gunhild Benson and Oscar Arne-
sen, a native of San Francisco, aged G years
3 months and 5 days. . - '•'
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence oi
his parents, -ta Lundy Lane, between Esme-
ralda and Coso avenues. ' -
BOHAN— In Gilroy, April 24. 1902, John
Bohan, beloved husband of Maria Bohan.
and father of Catherine. Patrick. John, Nel-
lie, Walter, Michael, Robert, Edward and
Blanche Bohan, a native of Ireland, aged! B0
years. ¦ , ¦ '
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 27. 1902. at 1:30 o'clock, from his lato
¦residence, 4380 Telegraph . avenue, ; Oakland.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. - , ,
BOLAND— In Emeryville, April 23, 1902, Mich-
ael C. dearly beloved husband of the late
Ellie Boland, and father of Denny J. ana
Margaret Boland and Mrs. J. F. McCarthy,
a native of Kilrush, Ireland, aged 60 years.
CTThe funeral will take place Sunday,
April 27, at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3850 Twentieth street, thence to St.
James Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Drivate. Holy Cross Cemetery. No-
tice of mass hereafter.
CAMPION— In Tonopah. April 22; 1902, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of the late Rose
Campion, father of W. J.' and Mamie Cam-
pion and Mrs. Steve O'Brien, and grand-
father of Evelyn and Rosalee O'Brien, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 52 years." (Boston,
Mass., and Indianapolis, Ind., papers please
5 copy.) ¦ • • >.'.....¦
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,"
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing ai 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASSIDY — In this city, April 26, 1902, Mrs.
Frank Cassidy, beloved mother of Mrs. John
J. Carroll, a native of County Clare. Ire-
land, aeed 67 years.
C?"The funeral will take Vace to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. John J. > Carroll, 631
Guerrero street, tbence to Mission Dolores",
¦ Church, where a solemn mass . will be cele-
¦ brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Btrictly private .
Please emit flowers. ¦ }f
CHRISTIAN— In Martinez, April. 25,^1903;
Catherine Christian, wife of: the late G. >V.
Christian, and mother of William :£nd
Charles Christian, Mrs. Emma Hollidayjand
Henry, Fred, Thomas, Ben and George
Christian, aged 66, years and 28 days/ (Sa-
¦ Unas papers please copy.) ' ' / -
[^Funeral services in the M. F.C Church.
Martinez. Sunday, April 27, at 1/30 o'clock.
COHN— In this city. April 25. William'
Cohn, beloved husband of Celia Cohn, father
of Arthur, Josle and B&rtha Cohn. and
brother of J; A. Cohn of .San Diego and Mrs.
Resenthal of New YorfcJ a native of Wald;
' stein, Germany, aged jSI years. • •
GTFriends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), y<it 10 o'clock, at his late
¦ residence, 1010 street. Interment-
Salem Cemetery. •
COSTELLO— In this city, April 24. 1902, Mra.
John Costello (Mrs. K. C. Terry), wife of
John Costello. beloved mother of F. k.
Terryt and grandmother of F. K., Albert M..
James, Ed H.. Mabeland Callie Terry and
Mrs. Fred Hansen, a native of New York,
aued , To years.
tCST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
, SurUlay. "April 27, 1902, at 10 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the- Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
, Cemetery, by carriage.
CRAIG— In this city,- April 26. 1002. Mary
Craig, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
CUBITT — In this city, April 28, 1902, Henry,
beloved husband of Annie E. Cubitt. and
father of Albert E. Cubitt and Mrs. Will M.
Law, a native of Sheffield,- England, aged 53
years and 2 months.
DAVIS— In Virginia City, Nev., April 24, 1302,
Henrietta, relict of the late Abe Davis of
Dutch Flat, sister of L. Lobenstein of Vir-
ginia City and Mrs. Friedenthal of Portland,
Or., and sister-in-law of Mrs. M. Lobenstein
of San Francisco, a native of Baltimore,
Md., ag-ed CO years. A member of Eastern
. Star,. Placer Chapter. . (Baltimore. Md., and
"' Sacramento, Cal., papers please copy.)-.
Costello. Mrs. John Pearce, -Frederick C.
Craig, Mary •'•;• Petersen' (infant) .
Cubitt, Henry . Randall. Lucretia M.
Davis. Henrietta Sheehan. Maggie. ,
Devine, Patrick - . Small, Maria
Gunnison, Andrew J.: Solomon." Lotte .
Hall, Margaret E. Trask. Mrs. Martha
Jacobsen. Mrs. M. ¦ D. ' Wey end, Charles
O'BRIEN— In this city, April : 26; 1902, Wil-
: : 11am.. . dearly beloved ¦ son of - William :.-an.l
- Catherine O'Brien, and -brother of Margaret
. O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 21 days. : . . ¦. '¦ ;;:. . .-
C?"The funeral will take place .to-morrow.
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
Of the parents, 1329 Natoma street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. -.•- '- ¦.. :. •¦¦ ¦•:'
PEARCE— In this city, April 25. 1002, Fred-
erick C. beloved son of William > and ¦ Ida
Pearce, and brother of William J., Thomas
¦ J.,: James G., -Albert* E.' and George P.
Pearce, a native of Virginia City, Nev., aged
13 years 4 months and 2 ' days. . (Virginia
City papers please copy.) . .; l< - ,
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend 'the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1.; o'clock, at • the
residence of his parents, 016 Haight street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
PETERSEN — In this city, April 26, 1902, 'In-
' fant daughter of H.L. and Ray Petersen,. a
native of San Francisco. -
RANDALL— In this city. April 25, 1902, Lu-
cretia ¦ M.. beloved wife of H. G. Randall,
mother of Horace C. True, daughten of. Mrs.
M. • Starkweather, and sister of Mrs.' A. 1
Jacobl and George Starkweather, a native of
Grass Valley, i Cal., aged 3S years 11 months
and 8 days. , . :
SHEEHAN — In this city, April 25, 1902, -Mag-
gie, beloved daughter of Johanna Sheehan, a
native of San Francisco. > . . ¦ ., . ¦'
C?The funeral will take place to-day
. (Sunday), at 0 ::?0 Q'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4579- Eighteenth street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer for ser-
vices. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
1 tery. ¦¦¦•:¦,.-¦; ¦ ¦ ¦;¦'..-.
SMALL — In this city. April 23, 1902, Maria,
beloved wife of William S. Small, and sister
of Henry H. Kinne of Redwood City, Mrs.
• C. R. M. Pratt of Duxbury, Texas, Marshall
Kirme of El Paso, Texas. Russell Kinne of
Nova. Scotia and Mrs. William Johnson, f.
native of -Nova Scotia, aged 65 years 4
months and 22 days. (Nova Scotia and Bos-
ton papers please copy.)
in?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 27, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 210 Chattanooga street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ¦
SOLOMON— In this city*, | April 23, -1902, Lotte
Solomon, beloved sister of Maleha Eiseman;
and aunt of Rosle I Guckenhelm and Julia
Solomon, a native of Bavaria, • aged 76 years
8 months. and 26,days.' ¦ h :' : '" ' •
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ¦¦ attend the' funeral • Sunday,
at 10 o'clock, from, her. '.ate residence. 1813
Sutter street. .• Home of Peace
Cemetery, by, 11:30 o'fclock train from Third
and Townsend streets. ¦: . ,. I
TRASK— In this city/ -April 25, 1902,- Mrs.
Martha M. Trask.;' widow of/tha'late Captain
Fremont Trasle'iaged. 70 years. •¦
(C^Servlcesr'will be held Sunday, April 27,'
at 2'6'clock.f at thtf parlors of H. F. Suhr &
. Co.,-. 1137^^Iissioa street. 1 . Interment Cypress
Lawn Cetfrietery. ' ¦ . ¦ .-. ' -. . • . ¦ ¦
WEYEND/-In the City and County Hospital.
April 35. 1902, Charles Weyeiid, a native of
Geririany, aged C9 years. , ' ,
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P.- DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEHS.
80 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South' 80. ' . '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO:
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
' . -NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
, . ' - .Telephone ¦ Bush 367. . - ; .'
.¦• 2? umi 29 Fifth St. Tel. South in
rUNERAL DIBECTO8S AND EMBALMERS.'
Finest, Equipment -_at « Moderate ¦ ReLtesu ;
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
.Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.J.
McBrearty, with the same company for j 10
years;:P.,F. Green,- late- with. J.C.- O'Con-
nor & Co..- have opened new Funeral Par-
lors - at 1171 Mission st., . between Seventh
and Eighth. 'Telephone South 44. ; . ¦
NEW FIRM OF. UNDERTAKERS.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
IghicagoI
'« LESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Double Drawing-room Sleeplngr-cars,
Buffet. Smoking and Library Cars,
with barber. Dining-cars— meals a la
carte. Dally Tourist Car Service at 8
p. m., and personally conducted excur-
sions every Wednesday and Friday at
8 a. m. from San Francisco. The best
of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coast
Palace Hotel San Frbnclsc 0
NORTH SHORE- RAILROAD.
; Via Sunsalito Ferry,
Commencing April . 27, 1902
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALX.EY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 6:45, »7:45. 8:45, 9:30, 11:00
a. m.. 12:20, »1:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. "6:15
6:45. 0:45, »11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00,- 8:00. *9:00, *10:0O, 11:00,
11:30 a. m., 12:30, «l:30, 2:30, *3:45, 5:00, 6:00
7:30, 0:45, 11:45 d. m. ' ¦ '. .
Trains marked •(*) run to • San Quentln. '¦¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS — 3:20. »6: 20, 7:40. 8:16. *9:30
11:00 a. m., 12:25, 2:15. »3:30. 4:40, 6:30, 6:43,
10:15 p. m. • - '. ' J. • • • \ .
- SUNDAYS— 6:00, »8:00, 0:30, ni:00 a. m..
•12:00 m., 1:00, 2:15,- »3:30. 4:15, «5:45, 6:45,
7:30, 10:15 p. m. ¦-¦¦--
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40, 7:45. 8:25. 9:45,
11:10 a. m... 12:35, .2:45, 3:50, 5:10, 5:20.> 7:10,
10:15 d. m. . ....
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55, 10:05. 11:10 a. m..
12:15, 1:20, 2:30, 3:45, 5:00. 6:05. 7:15, 10:40
P ! \ m ' . THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45- a. m. week days— -Cazadero and way
stations. ' '¦ ...---¦¦;
' 3:15 p. -m. Saturdays— Cazadero ¦ and way
stations. .- •' ¦ ¦-••_¦. ¦ i
3 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepteJ)
—Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. ¦ m. Sundays^ — Cazadero and way
stations. - , '.--.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— ;Polnt Reyes and way
stations. • ¦ - . , . - • •
Legal Holiday boats and • trains will run on
Sunday time. ., ¦.
rioUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. ¦-¦ Leave -. Via Sausalito Ferry"! Arrive
•San Fran.' Foot of Market St. San Fran.
T^c k l!Sr. >n.wi*i'*iiii l .^ S«n- Week
» ; 30a- 8=00 A. ,** i*^^ lmtm 4 , ,« 12:15 p, 9:15a;
li^o- 1n : m^ 1:15 P. 3:35p.
.^ 15f> -10 00a. ¦ , 8:3pp. 5:55p.
::::::::: ¥$$. ™™mwr : Jig;- -••••••
..:v..... 2:30 p. '.'•o»»m<*»j~*i~*. < >~ 8:15 p. ;..;"";
UTURiMTI UL!-Lmt< Trnii t-.HO t. urtr. Bu rraaoiMO XIX, I '
Tkktl 015cm, CUUOn BISIZX ul SACSALIIO IZ&B.Z. \
RAILWAY TBAVEL. ¦•-¦*"*
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave an«l are die to arrive at
SAN FKANCiSCO.
. ;i --^(Maln Line, Foot of Market Street)
"lsatk — Fsom Aphil 20. 1902. — A«nrr»
¦ 7.00a Benicla, Sulsun. Elmlra and Sacra-
mento §•§§*
7.00a V«cavllle, Winters, Kumsey. 7.55*
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Xapa. Callstogs, Santa Rosa 6.25*
S 00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing-,
Marysville, Orovllle 7-S5p
8.00a Atlantic Expres»-Ogden and East. 8.25a
3.00a Hilea, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25*
8.00a Nlles, Mendota. Hanford, Vlsalia, _
PorterviUo : 4-oar
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis. JVilliams
§(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland.. 7.55*
8.30a San Jose, Llvemore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Mary grille, Chlco, Bed Bluff 4.25f
8.30a Oa]rdale,Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolunine 4.25f
9.00a Vallelo - ...- 12.25*
§ 8.00a Lot Aageles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stocktpn.Merced. -
Kaymond.FresnoandLosAnxeles . 8-25a
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and WayStatlons 7.56*
flOOOA Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations, tl 265*
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago 5.25*
t1 .00* Sacramento Kiver Steamer* .". ; t1 1 .OOP
3.00* Benicla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville. Orovllle 10.55a
3.30* Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-55*
4.00* Martinez.San Ramon. ValleJcNapa, -
Cali»tosra. Santa Rosa .SsJa
400* Nlles, Llvennore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4 30* Unyward.Nlles.SanJose.Llvermore t3-55A
4.30? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Sangus for Santo
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6.00* PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,SU>ckton 10.25a
6.00* Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno I?-? 5 '
t6.30* KUes Local Z?I A
6.00* Hayward. KHes and San Jose 7.55a
t6.00* Vallejo 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louia, Chicago 4 2 or
7J3O* San Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnei '":¦_'
. and Way Stations 1 H!? A
t7.C0* Vallejo -7.55*
8-05* Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Redding. '
' .¦ ¦ Portland. Fuget Sound and East. ¦ 8.55a
XSAOr Hayward and K lies t1-1.55A
COAST LI N E (>arrow «»nse).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
|745a Santa Cruz Excursion !8.05>
8.15a Newark. Centervllle, San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa ¦
Cruz and Way Stations... .6-50*
12-16* Newark, Centervllle. San Jose, . '
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder ' ' ' ,
Creek. Santa Crux and Principal
Way Stations «. 10,50a
4.15* Xewnrk, San Jose, Lou Gatos. ...... 18.50.*.
»4.15* San Joee. Los Gatos; Santa Cruz... c8-50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY; /
rrom SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St (Silo 8)
r^l-Vi »:0O 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 6.18 *.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +«:00 -»:0»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad; Uaage). ¦ :
' - < third and Townscpd Streets.) "
8.10a ban Jose and Way Stations 8 40a
t7 00a San Jose and Way Stations ,. +8.00a
7.00a New Almaden.. /H2 P
t7.1 5a Monterey Excursion J8.30*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose, '
GUroy, Sallnasi, San Lois Oblspo. .
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a San Jose. Trea Finos, Santa, Cruz,'
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Luis " :
. . Oblspo and Principal Intermedl- • •
ate Stations .>..... 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 836a
11.30a SanJose and Way Stations "*S' 4 Sf
o1.30p Ban Jose and Way Stations......... o7.0D*
t2.45* San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park. .,
- - Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres Finos, Banta. Cruz, Sallnaa,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific ¦ ". >
Grove 110.45*
3.30* San Jose, Del Monte, Pacific GroTe,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations. . . . 7.30*
t4.1Ir San Jose and PrinelpalWay Stations .5.30*
tS-OO* &an Jose, Los Gatus and Principal
WayStatlons tft-OOA
5.30* San Jose and PrincipalWay Stations 6.30*
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations - 7-30?
7.00* Sew Orleans Express — San Lnls -.
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlng, El Paso, New.
. Orleans and East. 10.30a
a1 145* San Joae and Way Stations ; ". .
AforMornlnz. P for Afternoon. •
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only; ¦¦<
« Saturday only. e Monday only. , -
• Saturday and . /Tuesday and Friday.
u jtulatf nnlr. - . -¦¦'.• .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. Ca
LESSEES ..V -
SAN fRAHGISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAjrr.- -'¦'-'
Tlbnron Kerry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN-.RAF J AET J .
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 11:00 a. m. 7-12^5,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— E«ra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra trlp« at
1:60 and 11:30 o. m.
SCNDAT3-8SC, 8:30, .11:00 a. nu;.l-^M^8:30.
5:00. «:2O d. m.
SAX RAFARI. TO SA> FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. Z:5O. 8:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a.,m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 P. m. .- ¦ -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901| San Franclaco.
WeeK I Bun- I '- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination 1 daya. | Daya.
7:30am 8:00am . Novato. 10:40am ,8:40anx
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa. Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm -
Fulton,
7:30am "Wlnd3cr, 10:25ara
. 5:00pm Healdsburg-, 10:40am •;.-
Lytton,
Geyservllle, :
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm . 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uktah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:10am 10:25am
8:00am Guernavllle. 7:35pm r,
S:COpm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and *. . .. ,-
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8:00aml J10:40am|10^25am
8:30pm| 5:C0pm| Sebastopol. f 7:35pm{ 6:20pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weat
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservtlle for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for ¦ Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake port and Bartlett
Springs; at TTktah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. - Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter- Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrin Heighis. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal. \
Willits, Laytonville, Cummins, Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. • ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
Ojv Sundays round- trip tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket off.ee, 65Q Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Lt»v« Market-street Ferry Depot./
ILocallUm'd OvrldlLocal
Daily Dally Dally Daily
Lv.'San-Fran 7:2Oa 9:0Oa 8r00p v*-:20 p.
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11:10 p 7T1S p
• : Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:llj>
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
• " Hanford. 3:12 p] 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Vlsalia.. 3:39p| 5:00 a...:...
•• Bakersfid 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45a. .......
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a..
¦ ** Chicago.. .'. 2:15 p 0:00 p .......
a for morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping . Cars . and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. " Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-'
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. "dally."
4 -.20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno-
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which. cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m-
daily. ¦
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all-points In San Joaquin Valley., Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally;
¦'•¦ Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
_Oakland. M[ MW^ M^^^___ I __ II
... . ' ... . ' . , . . '. ; — : — : — '. i
fcrorE-I FollpW
4l§iit the
? And Travel via:*the ¦
- - They have the finest tourist car service f
Chicago to Boston and New York points. -
ROSS C." CXJNE, P. C. P. Agt.. Lo»'
geles. Cal. "• ,- - ¦-. • v : :*• " '
C. S. CRANE. 1 G." P. Agt. St. Louto. U$-". Make early i reservation • at * Southern ,Pa
ciflc i Information ;'. Bureau » for C berth : in
Pullman special, to Penryn ( next 5 Saturday.
Bakersfield Excursion.
Parties desiring to visit the Bakersfleld Street
Fair and -Carnival lean '¦• secure"* tickets", at" one
fare for the- round 'trip.'. -.These 'tickets :wlll .be
on sale ; at ¦ the Santa 'Fe : office, ; 641 Market • st. v
for all. trains; May?,'', good : to return until
'.".ThelneWjline is surveyed from Calientes
,to';Ludlow,'' on 1 the" Santa -^ Fe, "and," It-Is
semi-offlclally; ; announced"^- that '-'a i Joint
traffic-: agreement : with the. Santa i Fe has
been ; made ! whereby. ;the Short i Line { will
use l%he' Santa.. Fe tracks/ from^Ludlow to
Los'Angeles. - v ; '
.There remains less than 300 miles of new
road . to ¦ build '< to : complete '.the ¦ line, . about
tlie same, mileage. of old tracks will' be re
laid with jheavy. steel rails . and 110 ; miles
of 'road 'southwest • from Salt Lake, form-
Ing [the .Leamington : cut-off: through ; Gar
field.; Beach : : and '¦ into the' Tintic mining
district,; will : 'be' constructed to shorten
the- distance t covered . by.; the present' line.
The- order, contemplates a*>complete: re- :
building :of tthe : railroad ; from - Salt • Lake
and •¦ Calientes/ the" present v southwestern
terminus {'of the Oregon . Short Line.
, LOS ANGELES, April 26.— As a; result
of; E. H.- Harphnan's visit to Salt Lake
and his inquiry. Into the cause of the de
lay in work on .the Oregon Short ' Line's
extension. to Los Angeles, it Is now given
out from fa^reliable^ source in. this city
that j all ;¦ obstacles S to V construction , have
been : , removed and ! the- -new . railroad be
tween ; this . city and Sale Lake .will/ be
completed and in operation before' the end
of the present ' year.'. Orders have "come
from JiNew,", York : to '"< the : engineering de
partment of the; railroad to rush the work
of surveys,: materials ; are ordered .and * are
already arriving, and . workmen ; are being
engaged .wherever - they can be found and
ar<; sent. to : . several camps on the line of
the:- road.* - : ' ' ¦' -i; r.i~.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. ¦ James Reddington, 1658 Market
stifeet, and ; Mrs. Glasscott, s,1646 Market
street, 'yesterday .identified a number of
articles found In the house at S35 Howard
street as their property, which had been
stolen from -them. Miss Sheppard of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
132 McAllister street, also Identified a
trunk, which contained a, number of
Bibles and other.books, Including her
bank book, which ¦ had . been stolen from
"the. place. .King used to be a .frequent
v'sitor -at the rooms. Her bank book Is
missing, f': '¦.'.;
H. S. Murray; orchardistr Gllroy, whoso
residence was broken \ into. , at the j time
Barker and his supposed wife, ' Annie,
v;ere on a visit to her mother,* who owns
a chicken ranch t\tere, ", yesterday Identi
fied ' a sewing machine found at . S35
Howard street as one of . f he articles
stolen from him,' 'besides" bedding,' sofa
cushions and other; articles. '-. Mrs. ; George
Hecdenof Gilroy,also Identified a. violin
'and two ¦ shotguns that had been stolen
from her residence.- ¦'
" Trere are a number'of articles yet.un
identified. :. among them being. 11 " silver
orange knives," cakeknlfe, : 10 , coffee©
spoons \ and 9 white metal knives and
, f ui ks, all , having a corrugated shell on
the end of the; handle; _ a dressing case,
marked, "S. . R. C.'.' ; a : kodak, . large magic
lcirtern, guitar,, banjo, 3 "grips, -2 hand
bags; 2, trunks and a large ,whlte canvas
flcor.^coverlng marked •* ) *C.' r C.' Morse." ¦
Hamilton" was positively ' identified "yea-
3 The investigations conducted by , Police
man Braig,. assisted by Detective Rey
nolds, into the burglaries « committed by
Joseph King, the "convict : preacher" ;
Thomas Barker, Harry Hamilton, Annie
Barker and ' Kittle Nihlll are bearing
good fruit. .
NO MORE DELAY
ON SHORT LINE
IDENTIFY THEIR
STOLEN GOODS
- The Calaveras Chronicle says that a
rich strike has been made In the Buffalo
Blue Gravel mine In' : Chili. ..Gulch.
The Randsburg Miner says the Dean; &
Jones Mining Company Is crushing about
1300 tons of ore per month. , The Arondo
Mining • Company is operating in the Ar
gus Range. - Work was suspended for a
few days at the Yellow Aster, on account
of a break in machinery. There is plenty
of water 'for -operations* at the big < mine."
• The . New : Era ; that the Golden
West or Old Comstock mine in.Tuolumne
County Is sought by parties whohave of
fered $250,000 for, it. The Sunnyside mine,
near the Mohican; has been bonded' to
Los Angeles parties. -The Hardtack mine
has been bonded to C. A. Holland ,and
others and^the -Sweeny -quartz mine and
half : of ' the : Galway and - Old - Glory I mines
have been sold. . ¦, ¦¦.;¦ - ; , '1,'f.v
¦ The New-Era says also: ;;.-. 7>I^MM
If certain deals go through Soulsbyvllle will
In California's Field.
Zealand, for. the year 1901, "which show
that the' output last year surpassed that
of Iny other year since 1S71, The Times
says: -\
The total yield of the New Zealand gold
fields U returned at 455,559 ounces, valued at
£1 753,783, or an Increase over the returns of
tlw previous year of 73,506 ounces, valued at
£."520 830 No leas -ihan £135,000 has been In
vested in seventeen dredging companies reg
istered at the Dunedln office during ¦ the past
year .besides £29,000 Invested in other .gold
m Tnf bfifrUrtl \ maintained by the Molyneux
River throughout the greater part of the^year
Jutt closed has seriously affected, the dredging
lrc-ustry, and though the return of gold from
dredges shows a substantial increase, on th«
previous year that increase is nothing like so
large as was "at one time expected. The aver
age number of dredges reporting returns during
the year was forty-six, as against thirty-four
for the year 1900. . The highest number report-
Ing in one week was sixty-seven, as against
forty-four in. the previous : year. The total
gold yield for the past, year was 65.530 ounces
12 pennyweights, 16 grains, which Is well over
a quarter of a million, the value in round num
bers- being £233.900. The total -yield- for .the
previous year, was 62,270 ounces, 1 pennyweight
and 20 grains, the Increase last year, being
325* ounces.' The average per dredge, for. tne
past year was 1424 ounces or 27 ounces per
week The average per dredge for .1890 was
1831 ounces for the year, > or 35 ounces per
West Coast there are twenty-seven
dredges In active operation;.' sixteen, will start
within the next three months, and by the end
of the year there should be fifty, machines In
full work. , .
The {American ./gold-mine in'.San : Diego
County.' south from' Ogllby. has been sold
to'; Eastern / parties.^, The ' Pasadena, Dally
News ¦ saya '.- that '* the consideration ¦ -was
about- $1,000,000. :•• The ' property -.Is ;repre
sented as-including six gold claims and. a
100-ton 1 mill. '•::-¦ v * ;~. : '
The San; Bernardino Times-Index .says
that'-Ballarat' Is .lively | once, more;': work
wiir be resumed? at iTuba'^canyon., - c - y.
. The Grass Valley.Consolidated mine has
startedup.. An addition of ten. stamps. to
the mill is probable, '•; so : says - thei . Grass
.Valley Tidings-Telegraph. . ¦[.- * .-¦
( ¦> The. Gold ' Cross ¦ mine * at ; Hedges, ; San
Diego County; has been closed down" in
definitely. .'./. ..;' :.;¦•¦"
An oil i blast smelter will be .erected ; at
Los Angeles, according - to . the : local , pa
pers. A company; has been incorporated
with a capital of $1,000,000 for that pur
pose.:-'- ' 't -'. ¦ . • ... .- • •,• • / •.;• . •:•
A 10-stamp ; quartz mill . is kept running
steadily, day^ and night, af the Chloride
gold mine near Dedrlck,. in. Trinity "Coun
ty. The Chloride is. at an altitude of 6000
feef : . > ¦¦ -,s- ¦ ..:'¦ . ;. _.. ¦:•.. . ... . >
The Amador ¦ Ledger gives • an account
of the * Keystone mine and mill -at Ama
dor City. The 'old forty-stamp mill has
been remodeled and ¦ twenty . stamps have
been added. The • mill ' is ; run . by : a 150
horsepower electric motor. The hoisting
works will be run by an air. compressor
operated, by; a 300 horsepower dynamo.
The lowest working level in -use: Is." at 900
feet. The water Ms in' the 1000-foot level.
The necessity 'for pumping that out- has
not yet been experienced. :•¦¦ '
John Strougham and others have bought
the John Dlx mine In Butte County. anAa
payment, has been made -of a part of tne
money for the purchase.* In the property
.there are about 480 acres. • The channel
is from 300 to 600 feet. wide and Iie3.under
750 feet of a lava cap. . •,.,,'
The Calaveras Prosnect reports that the
Catherine and Belmdnit mine is- about > to
reiiume work. ¦ • - v >¦ '."•':-•/;;-
again be one of .the liveliest mining 'towns in
the State and things • look very favorably that
way. A big proposition' Is on to sell the.Souls
by mine. N. C. Merrill. . one of a syndicate
of Colorado mine owners. ¦ was -in Soulsbyvllle
this week and investigated the ; mine for his
people. • . ¦¦ •¦.¦'. ; . .,-¦ .: . •¦: ¦-[ ~;i .- ' . ¦ ¦
teraay by two other people as the man
who snatched Mrs. Freeman's purse on a
r I**? 0 ™ 11 and Market strati * on
March 28^ and threatened to shoot Judge
Fritz when the Judge chased and caught
him, + * .
The annual 'appropriation for th© ex
penses or the President's office. Including
the President's . salary, compensation for
his clerks and secretaries, the furnishings
of the White House and the maintenance
of the grounds, Is less than $300,000. >
MINES ATTRACT
MANY STUDENTS
SANTA FE OIL
DEAL IS LARGE
University Society Now
Boasts Numerous
Membership.
Property Transferred Is
Rich in Producing
Territory.
Associated Company Gains
From McKittrick ~2Lc
cessiona
Placer { County Deposits h of
Gold Get Official In
dorsement.
The largest deal In oil lands of late Is
that made by the Santa Fe In the Kern
River field. The holdings of the Petro
leum Development Company, which have
been acquired, amount to about 3500
acres In the Kern River field. The un
derstanding is that the actual cash price
to be paid In is .$1,270,000. Fully one-third
of the entire lands Involved is reported
to be well proven territory. The output
of the Petroleum Development Company
i& estimated at 30,000 barrels per month,
jsiilh the possibility of increase to 50,000
barrels per month.
According to the Los Angeles Herald
two-thirds of the purchase price will go
to E. L. Doheny. The remainder will go
to other stockholders, among whom W. A.
Bissell, A. B. Butler and H.-.M. Mclntosh
are prominent. The company was organ
ized in the summer of 1899 with capital
etock amounting to $125,000, of which
$100,000 was paid in. The payments as
profits and surplus have amounted to
nearly half a million dollars, so that the
proposition has been a good one for those
more largely concerned. The Herald gives
the following particulars:
EAILEOAD MAKES SAVING.
It Is understood that the actual cash price
to be paid Is $1,^70,000, the basis of calcula
tion being at the rate of $11 per share, and
the revenue conceded to the sellers to th«
moment of transfer will bring the purchase
figure to about fl.418,000. A close t-xperting
of the property to be taken over has deter
mined that not less than one-third of the entire
holdings is proved oil bearing territory, and
while the output of the Petroleum Develop
ment Company has exceeded 30,000 barrels a
month, this amount can easily be enlarged to
60,000 barrels. The former amount was all
that was required to meet the demands of the
company's flve-year contract with the Santj.
Fe entered into a. little over two years ago.
Inasmuch as Kern River oil can be produced
tor 10 cents a barrel the price of 96 cents
paid under the contract by the Santa Fe left
a handsome margin of profit to the company
and President Ripley was induced to take over
the property because of this contract providing
that the Santa Fe Railroad Company should
take the company's entire production. At the
price to be paid it is estimated that the cor
poration will have recovered three-quarters of
the expenditure by the time the five year con
tract at 98 cents will have expired.
The proven territory of the Midway dis
trict has been widened by the strike of
the Barton company on section 25, 32-23 to
the extent of at least a quarter of a mile.
The extent of the Barton strike is. not
definitely known.
Drilling has been resumed upon several
of the properties of the Associated Oil
Company. Oh section 5 of the Kern River
field a new headquarters has been estab
lished and there will be a supply camp.
W. L. Fullerton tells the L.OS Angeles
Times that there is a good market for
oil properties in the Fullerton district.
The Times says that considerable prop
erty has changed hands recently In the
Los Angeles field and there are rumors of
deals pending.
• C. L. Arques has written a handbook
on fuel which Cubery & Co. have pub
lished. Gradually the oil industry is ac
cumulating a large literature of its own,
all devoted to Its development. An Inter
esting statement made by Mr. Arques is
that power can be produced in the terri
tory adjacent to San Francisco bay by
crude oil at the present price at 40 per
cent less than the cost of the " trans
mitted electrical- current from the Sierra
Nevada mountains. "As we move further
Inland on the line of electrical transmis
sion freights on fuel oil increase and the
cost of electrical transmission decreases,
fcence the saving effected by crude oil
Cots not bear such a large ratio."
jonmro the combine.
Two more strong oil companies have
joined the Associate/i Oil Company, the
Giant and California Standard at Mc-
Klttrick. These companies have been
large producers. Concerning the steady
drift of companies to the combine the
Esikersfield Calif ornian says:
As the association increases In size and
strength the attraction that it offers in join
ing it becomes the greater, success begetting
success, and there is little doubt • that the
process of growth is accelerating and will
reach such a speed finally that practically the
whole of the productive lands of the county
will be included among Its assets, being drawn
% Into the whirl by the force of gravitation.
Chanee of Time.
*The crookedest railroad in the world
¦will have a change of timetable, com
n«er.cing to-day, and visitors to the sum
mit of Mount Tamalpais can therefore
be accommodated on the regular summer
schedule.
On Sundays and legal holidays this will
provide for six round trips and on regu
lar week days three.
The Mount Tamalpais scenic route is be
coming famous the world over as one of
the great trips for beauty of land and sea.
and mountain, and is partonized by ¦ all
the globe trotters at all seasons. The ac
quisition of a first-class tavern at the
eummlt. with a menu adjustable to any
purse, has resulted in a largely increased
local patronage.
Significant, of the practical spirit of the
times is the interest which the mining
students : of the University of California
have manifested in the organization of a
mining society. A list of members of the
society has v been furnished to State Min
eralogist Aubury, who has assured the
society's officers that he will co-operate
In every possible way In supplying In
formation. - The - following are the mem
bers of the
CvH. Gorrlll, O. H. Reichman, C.- C. de
Lancy, C. I. Rhodes, C. H. Ashland, H. M.
Chllds. F. H. Dakin Jr., A. E. Drucker, H.
Fowler, R. A. Holley. George B. Lorenz,
Charles T. Dozier. A. E. Almind, George C.
Brown, D. D. Butler. D. A. Cavagnaro, H. S.
Fisher. Sumner 8. Smith, A. F. Hughes, F.
M. Hyde. Charles J. Lyser. K. K. McPhail, W.
J. Pltshford. H. C. Rodden, J. H. Wise, A. J.
Heger, L. S. Schofleld, F. C. Palrv. E. A.
Burke, Frank Balrd, E. G. Cahlll, A. Knoff,
Earle McBojie, S. C. Faneuf, W. F. Coreland,
R. D. Plckett, J. 8. Colbath, T. E. Stantoa.
A. B. Moulder, J. H. Cooper, L> K. Kennedy,
F. F. Weber, H. G. Hotchklss, L. A. Laven
ealer. H. C. Cloudman, E. A. Nis, W. B. Al
bertson, R. S. Dennlson. B. Bowman, C. H.
Rowlands, C. P. Richmond, L. /A. Womble,
E. B. Moore,; E. L. Williams, R. H. Merrill.
R. H. McCarthy. . ¦¦ ¦
The Nevada City Transcript says that
active operations have been resumed at
the New Independence mine and the work
of equipping the property will be per
formed as soon as possible. The property
Is situated in the Plumbago district, whicn
Is ' well known as a mineral section.
The Transcript reports that the shaft is
down to the depth of 230 feet on the vein,
with drifts to the north and south, show
ing 5000 tons of good milling ore in sight
The New Independence Mining Company
was organized in October/ 1901. It has by
virtue ' of- location, bond and option, ac
cording to the Transcript, three gold
quartz claims. The property is ten miles'
south of i Downleville and twenty-four
miles north from Nevada City, being
about one mile from the Plumbago mine.
The company expects to be milling ore
soon. ...-.-¦ ¦ .
Placer County's Gold.
¦ In a bulletin Issued by the State Mining
Bureau concerning Placer County are the
following interesting statements concern
ing its resources in gold:
Placer County is the. center of drift mining
in California. A conservative- estimate of the
ancient river channels remaining unworked
which parallel each - other and cross and re
cross the* eastern .portion of the county places
their aggregate length at over 200 miles.
The drift and hydraulic workings of the For
est Hill, Iowa Hill and Dutch Flat divides have
produced more than ?G8,000,000 in gold. The
Dardanelles, Todds Valley, Yankee Jim's, May
flower, Paragon, Weske, Red Point, Mountain
Gate. Morning Star. Big Dipper. Hidden Treas
ure and other gravel mines have produced mil
lions In bullion and - are still being profitably
worked. ••..-,,
The development of quartz in Placer County
has not kept pace with the gravel mining. The
surface of the county from the lower plains
in the western. portion to the summit of the,
Sierra is traversed by innumerable veins and
ledges of gold-bearing quartz. The product of
the quartz mines has aggregated several mil
lions of dollars, nearly all of which has been'
taken from pay-chutes near the surface. .These
districts now offer good inducements for capi
tal with the prevailing improved methods of
mining. ¦ ~-
The deepest quartz mining operations In the
county are carried on by the Pioneer Company
near Towle. where they have reached a total
depth of 1250 feet. • » . . .
The Ophir district Is thickly ribbed . with
quarts veins. With the exception of the Crater.
Gold Blossom, Hathaway and Three Stars
mines no deep mining has been done In this
district, which has a record of over $2,000,000.
Five new quartz stamp mills were erected dur
ing 1B01. .They were the Three Stars at Ophir,
Washington at Forest Hill. Bhady Run near
Towle, Rawhide on Texas Ridge and the newly
Installed mill at the Central Mine near Da
mascus. ..'.'-. : . .-.-. ¦ .. ' ¦
Water Is plentiful, timber abundant, lumber
Is cheap and the quartz . and gravel mines of
the county are easily accessible. - « ' -
The Oakdale Leader reports that the ar
rangements of Doolittle & Donohue for
dredging on the Tuolumne River for gold
are completed and the work is about to
begin.
lively Near Folsom.
The Folsom Telegraph says that the
mining industry in its locality continues
to boom and -that there will be five new
gravel", mines in operation in a few
months. " Every acre of a strip of land
two and one-half miles long has been
bonded. The Telegraph says:
The machinery for the Prosperity Mining
Company.- which will operate on the Cohn
ranch, near Mormon Island, has. not yet ar
rived, but wh«n it does there will be little time
loft, for everything is In readiness to place It in
position' Immediately. The . flrtt of the week
a .contract . was let to S. ¦ G. - Beach & Co of
Placervllle to erect the necessary buildings,
which will consist of a blacksmith ehop, sheds,
bunk houses and boarding-house, which will re
quire at least CO, 000 feet of lumber. The flr.U
car load of. material has . arrived • nnrt building
will commence Immediately. mino will
u::i crude petroleum, for fuel. . Atont a dozen
men are now employed at the Whi'e Wings
mln*. on the J»erazso ranch.' getting the shaft
rtafly to receive" the - machinery, - putting the
boilers and engines into place, erecting build-
Injrs and making other preparations for active
opera) :ons. •¦.<.=. .
Preparations, to incorporate a local com
pany are now under way and organization w!ll
be completed | within the ! next week. Inter
ested, in ' this . company are J. P. Cox J H
Bumham. J. H. Donnelly. P. D. Eckhardt G*
Imhoft,-"!... N.' -Parks. • D. Finch and j' E
Blenchard. 3 These men will" bond the Blanch
ard ranch and will commence prospecting, im
mediately.' ."¦'•'
Preston Woods and L... McDonald have bond
ed the ranch of Mrs. . Fassler, between the.Pe
razzo and Blanchard places, and have ordered
machinery^ toopen up a mine there. Work on
the two new dredgers progresses rapidly The
dredge company has its drill at work in the
Willow. Cre«?k region and Indications of a dredge
being built there are good. , .
The Natoma Company has been prospecting
for several months on the Natoma grant a
shaft has been sunk to a .considerable dis
tance. , ¦ '.'. .'-..-
Dredging on Large Scale.
I While Catif ornla is enlarging the field
of its gold dredging operations New Zea
land,-where dredging for gold originated,
has been malting a showing in favor of
the dredgers. The Otage Times makes
returns of ..the .mining operations in New
Wants More Money for Schools.
¦ Superintendent of Schools Webster be
lieves that If Auditor Baehr's recom
mendation that the schools . be allowed
$1,200,000 is accepted^by the Eoard of Su
pervisors the schools will suffer in conse
quence.. Webster says that what with
the growth of the city's population, the
need for repairs to many schoolhouses
and the lack of accommodations for a
large number of pupils who desire to at
tend school the department should be al
lowed a sum at least equal to that of last
year, when $1,303,000 was appropriated.
Insolvent • Brakeman.
E. R. Gaunce. a railroad brakeman, re
siding in Oakland, filed a petition in "In
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes $492 and has no
assets. • . . . . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL, v SUND A Y; 27, 1 902.
40
° • Silks.- ¦ ¦¦ :<> "~"^^^^fe^^^5=f^^=^ ©%^t^ Silk Stockings
~ DreSS Gocrds. ~v" ?Tisn't OSten You Have the Opportunity to Buy^ Fine New for Woman. —
\»35.a v ¦¦¦¦¦ WKS. Wmt Gut QIass :^Kii
co/ored Albatross 50c. ' At These Decided Savinors. ¦ ~ ' sier y man was in -^ ew Yo / k
It's one of the soft, fine, crepey ; .- ' " , r" • »': Kit? , ', • , v 1 A^^^onmpr- lately. He tOOkunUSUal pains
fabrics so popular for fancy • waists. .-.. < ...Once a year the. foreign people send their samples over to New York. . American, mer laieiy. f . . dair itiest
Every color and black-38. inches. chants go.thereto see^what theywant. After they've placed their orders these samples are 'quietly to nna tne laiest
Etamine Suitings $1.25. . closed out to some concern big enough -to take them all. We g things. . .
In fancy striped effects. One of . '.'••• j t,, .*, >T j „ a „,„ ,_ ;«fprinr Stocks HOW are IUll and Va-
the popular stuffs for.full costumes- ' . No prettier or more ¦tempting pieces made. They must be. No one dares show an interior S^f^ mf > n t',r>r tr,^P
44 inches. .. . sample. When full stocks come, full prices will, too. : Half prices for these forerunners. nech we- must -mention mese
!„ JSIg^.™; an ,,. B$?*:co».
popular colorings, including cream— Not only half price, but inVthe ; newest and; fanciest shapes, practicaKsizes— made . . of Carlsbad china, dainty
19 inches. ¦ ' . decorations, tinted and with full gold tracing.. Monday, for. the first time, 48c instead of $1.00. ¦ . elastic French 'heel and to'e.
Black Grenadines OOc— They are ¦' . 50c Marmalade or Condensed Milk Jars 25c— Complete with saucer and cover, of Carlsbad china, decorated witn Richelieu Ribbed $2.25.
v the last of the $I.2 S line. There Scral sprays and -gold lines. - „ f . - 'o I '" . fc — Black pure thread silk hose, medium
may not be as many as we had at . %f% f\f\ CLl\\ \\\fl^GL riefTV KOWIS flt .h^.7?^ '• weight, narrow Richelieu rib run-
first Thev are very stylish and «PU.UU VUl VJid.^3 uc > ¦ y,..-KJ\JW 13 <X\. ning from toe to top-^oubie soles.
. very popular. The best choosing .-, Fine deeo cuttings, of excellent crystal glass,. heavy: blanks, 8-inch bowls, that never sell in the regular way * e ;k "pA 0^ p
to-morrow under $6.00. Monday morning fot-the first time, $3.75. .^ . , mJ n Mark nure' thread silk hose
° j ¦ oesx 511c od Lin Kipouns <x\, jlj>\*. a -
\ . r^VSiHron'c tt- > 1 "I ' ' : '¦¦'-'¦ '>'¦ f Black P ure silk lace hose, 3 styles,
L-«nilQrcn b ¦¦¦ rive inches Wide. . with solid lace openwork from toe to
Silk WraOS : ' Not a thing wrong with. a single yard. Colors are all good, with heaps of blues, pinks,. lilacs I g^g^tyggf" 0 lace
¦ "*•"-• and white vmoiigst them. -Think of half price for such a staple ribbon. Like, fifty-cent cans Royal O — — ; O
$9-75- Baking Powder at 22c. ¦..¦¦/.:> ' \ v : - - . . 9 1 ¦¦_ PnhpQ T
—under their worth W e took all the\factory had— iocx). pieces, and it's one of the oldest and most conservative L^H^\^ i\uuco» .
Just *here— charming in every de- factories— a concern that<s long been the rittbon authority of the country. 'They don't know what . . =
tail, stylish and snappy as they it . is to make apoor nbbom- / ' g 3^^^"- in Repoussee
Taffetas and moires; lined or not. . > .> That's why good storekeepers are anxious to get their ribbons. . , and pompadour effects on white and
Some with rich white ¦]**, collars, [\ That v why y0U rarely see, their satin . ribbons under price. U flouTces "
Youcan^eqSdthemin^regulaY T' -:ThatVAvhy-you:oughtto Wall you need now/ .- ¦ ' . ;.^; ; The outfit is complete-skirt, waist,
way under $12.50. - Most are. $15.06 . •'- . -rj$i -. T ,»»•.' \r^ r\C£ 11 r r*« r m« J ., ; . sleeves; collar and cuffs—^15.00 to
g ar y ment s ,.buta 5 n a ie r t New York- l\ Greatest May-Day Offer We Ever Made. ,: 0 -°^ the lace deoartmant
man picked them up at a bar K a,n, y - ribbons for pillowS) hat; Smmin^ neck ruffs, bows-most useful of all ribb6ns-only' 22c for identical- .See } them at the lace department,
so may you-^./5- .. ' '- j, quality some first-class stores sell at 50c \ ¦ , _ : ' . : • .- • 6 : r ©
Stoves and Ranges fMbus^eline de Soie° '^T^^^^^^^^^^^^^
¦¦.'• Closing Out -,'antf^ fancy . 1 5^'T&iJfJfiysSr^i \\T lYr*
Haven't enough room To sell them^and sell them right. So/ Liberty Silk PliSSe \^mMj0£ „ 1^ r^^mMR
we'll quit till we can. That's why you may SAVE $4.00 TO ° n * price :\ W^^tMk natS « *
$10.00 ON A STOVE. ' , . 25 teiltS. Hosts ofmttvstms, 7§?^J»f
They are all good stoves— as good as there are. \ ; : - ¦ ;^BHP^- -*' \ even 18 do^.'ntw VtL, I *£¦¦ -
$14.25, Were $18.50. ¦._. Steel. Ranges. , . ||^SM^n^ ' ' ° ms f dei
Heavy substantial cook stoves of best reduced from $37.50. missing, that's why you may have Tmfr***' tO-mOTTOW. BKHp^"
material and best workmanship, 6 holes, ffO-OO, reduced from $.10.50. what's left at half-price. \ Nr, wnnripr wnmpn like them SO well Desifners have riven
with side shelf, burns wood or coal. reduced' from $43oO. : ..... . Mousseline de Sole— 40 inches— in -NO wonder women HKe tnem SO Weil, uesigners nave given
i7xi7-inch oven. Size 7 or 8. Set up m #37.oo _, reduced from $47.50. cardinal, blue, old rose, light and them more thought than ever before. They have taken away the
vour house for....... $14.-0 Ful nickel .trimmings, as ; well as dark gre en, nile, cream and white. KZffFtw^l nf thp lines hv a -lever curl of the brim a twist' of the
' The same stove with nickel trim-, warming closet-only the best quality Libe rtyW Plisse_i6 inches wide. eSS ° f . <*\ by & '. '
mings, $15.00 instead of $10.50.- ..; 1 of polished steel-wood or coal. , . , qu ite ; the , thing . for ,yokings, Vaia~O.r a graceful arape.
_ - : . . • . . . ' ; ' ' . : ' fronts or for millinery. These col- ' Here are. some to go with tailored suits for dressy occasions. Others with
: ti .__ J _ Vj*W7'n '*+ ""!-• '' f\ r\. r\ f\ -C O*i" f—IC 9 ors, royal, blue, cerise, laven- floppy brims as^well as jaunty sailors for vacation wear.
ioc and i2 2 cWasn uooas at 7c ¦¦* ; , i y^-. |k: -. ; -. Many New styles $..00 to $ 3 , 75 .
Cotton foulards ¦ Dimities . . Lawns O ; : - . ¦ ° Let us mention tvyo of ; them (the two that are illustrated above.)
Thousands of yards, not full stocks.of anyone thing. Spleh- ¦-..- " ¦ - ¦ : ¦ 9 c^j^ tSS'tSSS.^'Zi °SiA WS' iSSS.'SSw'SBft
did choosing when -it's put_ together. Very pretty, stuffs; for | p aRer pi o^ ers ? .t&£S^t^l a 6l ?» 5&ff *"**
wrappers. And Lamp Shades. ...-. -...-.. . , .1 *
- ' To-morrow for first time. ... -.^ .-.-..-- _- ., . ¦ r — , f 1^ w • •
Quite as important are these 15c PRINTED. NAINSOOKS AT . Lowest prices - we know of 1 J LinCllS.
10c 200 pieces. Some of them are made daintier ' by linen .col- "arid prettiest creations you , a i Vf o— •
ored stripes/ Fortunate for you if you haven't done all your. sum- can find. ;, , OyCgraOeal^OC. Wk;\^Cheaper j
, ¦ .. ¦., ".-.-.• . - -- .. ¦ - Ch-ru-sinthpTniiTns anv color (it* Q")& &rG/U& (71 O"}C. r^^L*l t-» • ¦ I
mer sewing yet. .: "______•• : • orTadozT™ 1 y ' fe c ' / /nr omri? ni /nr - •¦ But as-good as ever. [
. ... . Carnations, any shade, Gc, or 69c }UC> gTdUe CU 4UO. VO 6
TVi£* A fir ¦ \f\X\ '¦ Lamp shades, any colors. $i.5O ¦ Hale'sjs a good place to.buy, table linens.' You choose from
I IIC JT\l L *^W^tll/ll» to 52.5(). ¦ • ¦ ° 1 1 \ , , , ,, r
- ¦ ¦¦¦>:¦¦¦.'¦: ~..~ Thistle or. shavins bails, paper, 6^4c broad,fresh stocks; pay the least good eoods can be sold for;
But first the new things. / HEMSTITCHED, TAMBOUR s Kfc Leaves, and take no risks. . [
SCARFS, 29C— 18x54 inches or 32 inches square, .in; open-work- Jgg*^-, chrysanthemum papers, Proof? Here it is :
and prettily embroidered designs/ Made firrVto sUnd covered or plaln> 4c colL - , 50c Damask 40c.
Another new and pretty line of SPACHTEL SGARrS - ANU °~~" ~~ ~~-" : ~~ *.o 15 pieces, 62 inches wide, all linen.;;;'
SHAMS 25C— i8x^4 and 32 inches square shams. : g " : "'- ¦'• - - ' - • ¦--. ' v 95c Damask at 85(\
" ; , : f T»DCOTDV DM I ri\A/ TOP^s cwpTipsr nn-tn-flate I fv ~ " * j»v 20 pieces, 70 inches wide, all linen, sturdy stuff irt charming designs.
New lot of TAPESTRY PILLUW IUr*b— sweliest npto aate Dandruff - '. 65c Damask at 50c. \
pieces you can find, in good colors— OOC ! : . ¦ /~MTDCF\ 25 pieces, pure white, 66 inches wide, all linen, a> excellent, firm quality,
SILK FLOSS PILLOWS at low prices— the same^ good pillows Vll^UKClJ bright, cheery patterns. .. .^ ,
we've been selling— filled chuckful of good silk floss. ; . Rv Hnm^ T«»amVi ht f B 10cR6//er Towe/inq at 7 J-2c. . ":V
Oc— 16-inr.h. ..'.. 42c— 24-inch ¦ ¦ : ¦' "' 1 .18 inches wide, all linen, half bleached, 50 pieces.- .^: ;
•loSZ-Minch,' ' 5° c — 26-inch! .'-'•' ¦'¦'•• -r-Litile trouble. 10c Bleached Toweling at Sc— 17 inches wide, all Hneq, 40 pieces. Monday
5QO Mantel DrapeS at 25C. '^O^Im^ specialist finds Xheyhave been $1.25 a dozen.
Crepe tinsel ones, figured, finished^./ori three : side's with' hand-tied frinRe— many without time or money to . Size 17x32 inches, hemmed, soft and absorbent, with red -borders. Just the
pink, blue, cardinal, green— yes, all desirable shades.--- ...-.^ • come -downtown for professional thing for' everyday use.. '-v'//
• . . r-—T \^SSST : ' ' ' • treatment. So , he has prepared a "^< _- r- /F55T • " " O ±<£
°Market st.7 <&kJM^W/ 7W /-~\® szc^ 'Tt^provmg^wSnderfuiiy success- &****> /W M&**® Market 5t.,T
Opp. Golden ; JM^^ \ . t?m^Th^^0^[ tJo£ ; ; W _-^^^^ Opp.'Golden
Gate Ave. /xzU ~+^ZJ&f®&S& GOQ&&**^ . bies exactly. . •^*^t!aJr^^^ G®O2*&**-^ bate Ave.
HIDDEN TREiSM
$30,000 IS LOCATED BY ISMAR, THE WONDERFUL EGYPTIAN SEERESS
Mr. James R. Hammond, a rancher of Santa. Barbara County, visited San Fran-
cisco only a few weeks since, and seeing a newspaper, account of Ismar's wonder-
ful clairvoyant gift, called upon her, .more out of Idle" curiosity than otherwise."
She astonished him with the information that .there, was 'buried treasure on his
ranch to the extent of many thousands of dollars.* Mr./ Hammond was surprised
at first, but coon became Incredulous, and upon returning to his family related -er
words as a humorous incident of his visit to San Franciscol His family took the
matter more seriously, however. His eldest son, .'.Charles,, was so impressed by
the statement that he ., made . many searches v> for . the v burled treas-
ure, but to no purpose. At last/ after a week or , more of : futile effort, he con-
trived to come to* San Francisco on an ostensible business. trip. In reality he came
to consult with the wonderful, woman whose, words; had so wrought upon his mind.
She reiterated to him the statement she,had made to his father, but located the
treasure at the foot of a large sycamore tree near the center- of his father's ranch.
Anxiously he returned home /and without any difficulty, succeeded In finding the
right spot. Ismar's words were absolutely true In every respect. ±ie took $30,033
out of an old iron box burled four feet under "ground." ~ Nearly everybody in' the
neighborhood has been digging for hidden treasure's. "ever, since. •.'¦ '
Thus It Is proven once more^hat the secrets: of -bygone, times,- as- well, as the
i secrets of nature, yield readilyto the psychic powers: of Isnuuy the: marvelous
t seer. In everything pertaining to human welfare,; in love, - marriage, business,
\ mining, speculating or adventure, her. advice is "equally valuable and accurate. In
locating of physical ailments she. has no eaual. '.What she .has -done for
others she can do for you. Her readings by mail are as< satisfactory as. those in
person.' Send date and year of birth. Three questions answered, $1.00. Full life read-
rrtT * Ismar's new Quarters are arranged with a view' to strict privacy.- She -can' be
consulted daily in her office In the Vendome, No. 1104 Market street, from 10 a.:m.
tt p. m. Sundays,' 10 to 12. .'
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hole's.
Hole's.
Neat single or three-
quarter white enam-
eled iron bed, 'only....
• ••.. ..:..$2.25
Your hcme furnished
complete from our : large
assortment of furniture;
carpets and draperies
for cash or little amounts
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STKBBT,
Opposite Union '¦ Square. '
'¦ ¦ , ¦ v
ISMAIL