no_textThe shoulder curl is return
ing and a very low knot lies
upon the brxck of the neck —
How the Washington belles
ere dressing the hair and the
styles that are prevailing in
London town — I£rs. Comwallis
West's originality, ?Irs. Payne
Whitney's new coiffe, and the
knots -worn by those -who cling r
to the t high top-of-thc-head
structures.
They may be attained by
careful attention to Details —
Ecft. Sinuous Curves and Dim
ples—The correct proportions
for arms fit to be modeled for
a Ezbe.
A remarkable natural cave has been
discovered in Montana, about fifty miles
east of Butte. A large river with a cat
aract of about 100 feet was explored for
a distance of several miles without dis
covering its source or outlet. A few ar
ticles, of stone and copper utensils and
some human bones were also discovered
in one of the large apartments explored
There were other evidences that at some
time in a prehistoric period the cave
used as a habitation. The present e™
trance to the cave was made by soma
Ume quarryrten at a point 1500 feet above
the bed of the Jefferson River while en
gaged in blasting rock. The formation
of stalactite and other natural decbra?
tions throughout the cave are pronounced
the most beautiful and varied ever keen.
IS the hair going up or is It coming
. down? that is the query.
Mirs Muriel Wilson, the English
beauty, who is the center of every
London drawing-room and who is
said 1o be about to go on the stage, will
ansurfr you that it 5s coming down. Per
haps she will add that it feels so.
At 2. recent fashionable .function Miss
Wilson's hair was twisted extremely low.
It lay, not in the back of her neck, but
far below the 'nape, and was next thing
to down her back.
It was caught by a solitary Jeweled
fiagcer for all the world like a tragedy
queer.'e txessal ornament It is said that
this style of headgear will do more to pro
voke a woman to nervous prostration
than any other one known kind of irri
tant. The fear that it wjll come down
haunts one continually.
And it is to be a haunting 1 season. Hap-
Einlns icto the establishment of a large
hair-dresser the o^ther day I saw some
coiffures Hung — that is the only word,
hung. They were what Is known as .model
coiffures, and were to be photographed
"for the trade." This means to the lay
man that they were to show the .'styles
that are to prevail, and, consequently,
were of intense lnterest.
Ihe Classic Head.
One of these, not at all practical,
showed the classic bead dress. The hair
was tv.ined with tinseled bands, which
v.ere arranged in ornaments upon the
cars. The object was to ehow women
how very becoming the simple, low styles
could be made and how well a beautifully
Fhaped head would show off, if it were
allowed to display its natural contour,
instead of being decorated with humps
and bumps, braids and puffs, curls and
* other fixingB of the hairdresser's art.
The low styles of hair dressing, really,
though, as a matter of fact, call for
more real art than ih*> high on**. It Is
comparatively ea«y to dress the hair high,'
v.-hilo the low style seeds the aid «f pins
A woman of much fashionable preten
sions is wearing a tan-colored gown. Her
hair is Jet black, but in its coils there
are amber hair pins to match her tan
colored gown. Another l woman, i also of
fashion, wears black pins In her blonde
hair, large, conspicuous pins of black jet
to match her black gown.
¦ liut there ' are prettier methods of
clipped off. '''; So. much for the rose that is
from nature's own hand. . ,'
; -; The Slower Spot - - . '
The rose made by man is the one that
Is worn and the one that has beauty to
recormr.end it. - It. Is . a great, beautiful
thing of luster and softness, of rlelicacy
and of ''scent also", for it is artificially
really tied just : where the old- fashioned
bang used to end, at the half head. ;
The hair 1b, .now \ twisted- round.aud
round, In full hand fashion, as every wo
man knows how to twist Mt. and is knot
ted in a tall. pagoda. While it still points
high the sides are .pinned fast and the top
is left towering. This is the extremely
high head dressing.... : >" ,.:,. , ¦ '¦
worn medium. Upon the crown of the
head, like a back country. woman, as they
say in London, the effect is very I middle
aged. ¦
This coiffure, which is the one practiced
by many of the leading Hair dressers, is
built by combing the hair so high up,, and
so far forward, that one feels • as | though
one were tying It upon the brows. , It Is
and care, knowledge and all the rest, to
make it look well.
A handsome modification of L'Aiglon is
shown in a low coifture which is made by
waving the whole hetid. The hair is part
ed upon one side and is done in the
French wave, which is a wave that seems
to turn both ways, like the natural wave
of a euny head. : ¦
It takes, a professional to accomplish
the French wave, for, though deep, it has
a rounuish, natural twist wnich cannot be
imitated by an amateur. . .
-fie hair, after being thoroughly waved,
is all drawn to the nape of the neck and
twisted into a big soft knot, which is aft
erward lifted a little and spiked to the
middle of the back of the head. The re
sult is an old-fashioned Xhough very be
coming drooping knot, careless and grace
ful.
Ears r ave certainly gone out of style.
It is claimed that they :rcv.er were very
much in vogue with artists and that no
•picture was ever painted of a famous
beauty, showing her ears. Only the lobes
are visible and not always those.
Dressing the Bars.
It is hard upon people whose faces are
broadest across the center, this vogue for
covering the ears, buj. for these there is
the pretty recourse of curling the locks in
iittie wisps just at the upper lobe of tho
ears so that the tiny curls may fall and
cover them. So with the short hair- back
of the ears. Curl it tightly, comb out the
curls loosely, and let them tv/ine if they
will. . ' '
The trouble with hair that is not nat
urally curly is that it will not twine. Left
to themselves, the curls come out straight
and the artistic sense of hair dressing is
shocked. The smallest curls come on
hair pins for the purpose of sticking into
the hair, and the wise woman will avail
herself of these and own -from two to
twenty for constant and daily use, mak
ing sure always that they are secured
with crinkly pins, warranted to stick for
ever. * *
Mrs. Clarence Mackay does her hair
charmingly. It is allowed to fall straight
tack from her face, leaving the forehead
and temples smooth. This may seem a
bit trying, but really it is not so. Try It
once. Wave ycur hair, each hair, for,
every inch, draw it back very loosely,
using a small pompadour "rat" under tho
front and' on each side.
At the back of the head, very low, tie
the hair and then twist it into an 8, the
lower lobe of which shall caress the
shoulders. Use very long pins, the color
of your hair, to secure it in place, and
finally stick in the fancy pins. This is the
true French coiffure up to date and the
French wave.
The High Head Coiffure.?
There Is a high coiffure that is very be
coming, and it may be stated that coif
fures are either very high or very low.
This is the very high one and It does not
belle its name, for it seems toppling for
ward. It is called the Princess Chimay
coiffure, but it . Is worn by high society
women, conspicuous among whom are
Miss Morton, daughter of Levi P. Mor
ton; Miss Gerry, daughter of Commodore
Gerry; Miss Burden, a New York belle
and Mrs. Payne Whitney of Washington
It Is a youthful coiffure, for It Is tossed
eo far front that it does not give the face
that mature expression of hair that Is
can one call these bands that take the
place of sleeves for evening wear?—
were of blue satin, doubled and lined and
stiffened. Covering the band there was
a filigree work of gold, with small dia
monds set in, or perhaps they were tiny
rhinestones— you cannot tell these days,
for one quite equals the other.
A complete shoulder trimming of fili
gree was worn by Mrs. Cornwallis "West,
the younger, a few evenings ago. This
American woman, who has for so long
been conspicuous in the Queen's set, is
now out in a renewal of her beauty and
youth. She is very handsomely dressed
and wears blue a great deal. Blue was
her wedding color, blue and white, with
red roses.
Mrs. West a Gibson Girl.
Her gown at a fashionable evening re
ception was a low cut one in blue moire.
The waist .was very . Gibsonese. It was
low cut. with the. plaits arranged to turn
back each* way toward the shoulders. Not
a particle of trimming marred the plain
ness of the waist.
The shoulder trimmings were different.
Upon one white shoulder there stood a
small bunch of white feathers. Over the
other shoulder there was a gold filigree
work that was shaped to fit the arm. It
was very open and looked almost supple.
It lay. flat upon the shoulder and rather
hugged it. like a bracelet upon the arm.
The, under part was of ribbon, only the
upper part being of the metal.
The eccentric French sleeve is almost
universally v.orn with evening gowns. The
two sleeves are differently trimmed, thus
making the eccentricity. The manner in
which they can be made to differ is inter
esting, but in arranging: them oddly the
utmost care should be taken to make
them match to a certain extent. The cus
tom of wearing a shoulder strap of a con
trasting color, or one that is entirely at
variance with the ' gown in shape, ma
terial, desisn or other ways, is not a
pretty one. There should be more uni
formity.
The Josephine sleeve is neat and simple.
"it is the puff of satin w:th both shoulders
Similarly treated, to which- fa?b on adds
che later day custom of decc.-.r;ng one
v.ith small ostrich feathers.
An evening sleeve to be recommended
for its becornlngness to the arm is the one
that is all /of lace. This is delightful,
¦whether it be in the form of a lace strap,
•which is thrown over the upper part of
the shoulder, or in the long lace sleeve,
that Is wrinkled from shoulder to thumb.
This lace sleeve is made of -open lace
not very fine, and it Is shirred outside and
In3ide, to make a thick, soft shirring
There is no lining, though there Is.an up
to-date fad for chiffon underneath.
matching the pins to the gown. Lovely
ornaments in turquoise wide pins for
pushing into the coiffure can be obtained
and side combs that are finished In tur
quoise and in pearls, in garnets and in
emeralds. ¦'" .' •
One can really get combs finished In any
manner, set alons the top with stones of
any hue. It is the best of taste to match
the gown in this manner — paying It this
mark of respect.
It is a thing not believable, until one has
taken the time to observe it closely, but
the gown really takes on an added ele
gance if there is an effort made to match
It with combs and the littles of dress. Try
the effect of wearing turquoise and gold
Jewelry with your blue gown. Then put
on ornaments that do not match It in any
way and bear no relation fo It and ob
serve the wide difference. •
There are bodices built especially for
the low neck and low coiffure and others
that are designed for the high. The bod
ice that is to be worn with the low hang
ing coiffure Is generally very plain around
the neck and closely finished, without
feathers or frills.
The fact that the hair Is to hang low
is sufficient to dress the neck and shoul
ders without the need of elaborate sleeve
ornaments.
Mrs. Harrison's Gown.
A lovely gown for Mrs. Burton Harri
son, to be worn with a low coiffure, had a
very simple arrangement of chiffon over
the shoulders. A strap of chiffon was
trimmed with pearl ornaments and the
same strap was brought around the neck
and fastened at the front, the pearl or
naments trimming it all the way. At the
back It was tied In a bow of chiffon and
pearls. Nothing could have been plainer
or more becoming.
In many cases the bodice that is to be
worn with a low coiffure, the evening or
dinner bodice, has no sleeves at ail, but
merely a strap of Jeweled velvet, or on*
of ribbon with tiny mock Jewel ornaments
applied.
A new trimming for the strap sle«v»
consists of a feather trimming. The very
tip ends of feathers, none longer than half
an Inch, are sewed upon the shoulder
strap, which Is fastened to keep its shape.
The whole is not more than two Inches
wide, and the feathers, instead of being:
aggressive, are persuaded to lie down per
fectly snug and flat.
Ribbon- that can be shirred along each
edge by a string woven In It Is tuwd tor
the shoulder strap. The string Is polled
up to make a puff of from one to thre*
Inches In width. This forms the sleeve.
Still another full dress sleeve, and one
that bears the stamp of novelty. Is made
of little loops of ribbon, one overlapping
the other and the whole covering the
strap, which roust be very narrow. The
loops are made of two-faced ribbon, so
arranged that the inner side shows slight
ly, Just a tint being visible.
Bodice for High Coiffure.
The bodice that Is designed for the high
colff are Is entirely different In every -way.
Here Is the chance for an elaborate struc
ture, the more elaborate the better.
At a Washington function, and It must
be admitted that Washington Is for th»
first time In recent history the center of
social gayety, a beautiful belle wore upon
one shoulder a garden bouquet. Gerani
ums, roses, panales and small hollyhocks
were all there In one mass. The other
shoulder -was dressed with a very large
puff of satin.
Another young woman wore a bunch of
Prince of Wales plumes upon one
shoulder, while the other had straps of
black velvet.
The Jeweled strap Is constructed In new
fashion There Is one jeweled shoulder
decoration that consists of three straps,
each one stiffened with a little framework
of steel. In the. steel were set turquoise.
A set of shoulder straDS— for what else
¦ The very front of the hair, .which was
previously parted off, Is now waved and
brought down so that It is draped across
the v forehead. The brows are covered by
it and the ' eyebrows, even, are partially
concealed. ... Finally, the head is finished
with pins or other decorations. •"¦ •-
The Mrs. Patrick Campbell coiffure is
very popular. For this dress the hair
very high and wind It with ribbons. Take
a strip of ribbon three yards long and be
gin at the back. Wind it three, times
around the head with the strands
coming an inch apart. . Finally tie in a
.bow. "knot right at the back. If properly
done, there will he one rope of the rib
bon, around the knot or coiffure, one just
below the. knot, while the third will band
the forehead." • . ' . '
. .. Roses. and Bibbons.
. White ribbon, with satin finish la pret
tiest.'for the head decoration, but pala
blue 'and pastel pink are preferred by
many as looking less bride-like. Butter
cup yellow is very good upon dark hair,
the object being in every case to secure
a contrast.
\ But J of. all the hair decorations ' there is
nothing that equals in popularity the
flower, and particularly the rose.
The rose, exaggerated size, is In favor
this season, and it appears in all places,
in the way and out of the way, in season
and out of season.
.The exaggerated roses are those that
are either a great deal too : large or a
great deal too small. -For the berthas
and the flounces the tiny button rose is
the best. \ But for the hair the very large
rose is the one that Is worn.
. The{ Spanish coiffure shows the hair
dressed .low. ;with the rose located Just
below, the ear." It. is always a bright red
rose," and it; is ".fastened deeply in the
hair/jso that the hair fairly waves and
curls over it.
¦The rose, as worn for hairdressing pur
poses; "is not -always the natural rose, and
she who is wary will select the rose of
panne or of silk, or even of cniffon, or
of satin ribbon, fo'r it is much better
fromtmany standpoints.
¦ The natural rose has its faults and
failings. It withers readily. That goes
without emphasis. It is rarely of a suffi
cient'brilliancy, unless a very high-priced
rose, to be effective. It has a tendency to
open and fall that is most provoking, and
It is afflicted with thorns that must be
scented. This rose is made
D_f satin ribbons so cunningly
that you can scarcely detect
the fraud, and it 13 made of
velvet with a chiffon center,
the leaves delicately curled.
There is a - new rose ma
terial, tulle', doubled and
stiffened. This is made into
small roses tied together
and surrounded by leaves for
the hair. **;ys
• > • . . . Just where the rose will
_. „ ,".• be located is a question.
Shall it : go , back of the ear or on
>?p of the head? Fashion says that
it shall be at either place, but. if low.
it must be very low, and if high. It must
be very high. There la.no Intermediary
point.
A rose worn by Miss Roosevelt was
perched 00 high that it looked like a tiny
crown. : In Lady Curzon's latest pictures
the .rose is worn in very lofty fashion.
. There is a new way of wearing the
artificial flower, which is neither high nor
low, but which is very becoming. It la
low and Just over the ear instead of
under It. The flower must droop so as
to cover the ear and set it off, ornament-
Ing it prettily, and making one side of
the head decidedly picturesque. This is
the Miss Leiter style, having been brought
into prominence by the beautiful M'ss
Daisy at a dinner dance given for Miss
Roosevelt.
The flower should be light in tone and
floppy in kind; the prettiest flower for
this use is a. pink poppy or one in a bril
liant red, in, chiffon or crepe de chine.
The Queen's Coiffure.
¦ The Queen Alexandra coiffure is only a
week old. It was inaugurated at Sand
rlngham at . a family dinner when her
Majesty entertained certain of her Bis
ters-in-law. for she has grown wonder
fully fdrmal, and finds that they must
announce -their coming to the Queen, of
England, whereas they once had the fam
ily privilege of dropping in at any tlra*
upon the Princess of Wales.
¦At this dinner her Majesty wore her hair
with j two curls hanging down her neck.
The fashion of the dangling curls is a
growing one and is much in demand at
the colffurlsts because so highly recom
mended by the hairdresser. It assists a
thin neck also and hides defects of throat
and contour. It adds grace, too, and Is
altogether admirable.
Years ago th* Queen wor» her curls,
but discarded them when they were no
longer the world's way; now she has ta
ken to them again, but they hang both
on one side close together. In the curls,
at the side of the neck, under the ear,
there was placed a very large white rose.
Roses decked her gown in a corsage
bouquet and there were roses at her belt.
In these days of matching the gown
one would think that every possibility had
been exhausted. That the parasol must
match is a foregone conclusion with any
one who has studied fashions for the past
few years. And that the handkerchief,
the belt, the stock and all the littles must
match is also certain.
But now it is the coiffure that must
coincide, arid many are the ways and
devices by which it la done.
TBUK SUNDAY OALfi
2
HOW TO BUILD THE SPRING COIFFUREEven this modest fare would be Impos
sible \o the penniless hermit but for the
charity of strangers, who have discovered
his haunt. It has come to be a common
practice -for Sunday picnickers to leave
their empty bottles at the entrance of the
cave arid by the sale of these Len Pow
manages to eke out his Hying/ Once a
day he., Journeys up* the trail. and. to the
Cliff House.'.where he does his small bar
terings, then * back again and down the
steepnath to his stretch "of sand.. This" Is
his dnly intercourse with those of ' his
kind, save when some curious stranger
chances upon him In his retreat;
To visitors he- talks freely, showing him
self to be a~ student,- well traveled and
well versed In the customs of men of other
countries than that which was once .his
own.- « ' t N
6Ittlng\on a. boulder fn front of his cave
he -. talked/ one . day , f ori an _ hour, ., of ¦-. his
early life, of his home in Peking, of his
travels, of the part ; he r played .< as one; of
a. picturesque and '.powerful nobility,"; of
everything : . but ; the one .thing, that most
• '. / -
piques,, our curiosity— the » cause of his
downfall.' . . . - .
No family In all that great empire
however ¦ harsh the present, He : beax* hla '
fate with a rare philosophy tha£ la al
most a rebuke to pity.
Orf N exile frons his country, an out
f | cast of his | people— this tells the
I I ptory of Len Pow. the Chinese her-
I mit of Land's End. Exile is the
bitterest fate that can befall a son
of the Flowery Kingdom, for not one of
the race is so poor or mean as not to hope
that his bones may He among those of his
ancestors. But that the ban that drove
him from his country should follow him
into a foreign land and deprive him of the
sympathy of his fellow countrymen is
still more cruel. Len Pow dare not tako
refuge In San Francisco's Chinatown. His
banishment is as complete as though he
were cast upon a desolate island.
From his rock-ribbed cave by day he
cjlii see through the Golden Gate the track
across the water that leads to the land
of iiis youth and his dreams, the home to
which he may never return. When night
out the view he shrinks back <nto
the farthest depths of the gioomr recess,
with only the sense of his wrongs and the
howl of the wind for company. Thus Is
the man, iiut now verging on middle age,
doomed to a life of solitude.
Len Pow is a political exile.
By birth a nobleman of the realm of
the dragon and the sun. Len PoWs early
years were spent in. the midst of a luxury
known only to Orientals. Still vivid Jn
his mind are the pictures of the courts
of the nobles, the ceremonials of the
Chun Chi Ch'u, in whom the supreme di
rection of the Chinese Empire Is vested,
and among whom Len Pow would In time
have taken his place but for— who knows
what?
TVhc can unravel the mysteries of Chi
nese official life? Perhaps Len Pow knows
ONCS A CetTN£S£ NOBLE/HAN,
NOW ftp .EJCTUE WITH
BARE CHANCE POR £*TST£NCE
'AHD A WTND-.SWEP.T, :©CEAN
WAPPSD'WE. POR A H©ME-
why he lost favor with his imperial
master; perhaps not. It is a subject on
which he is silent. It is enough that he
no longer has the right to wear the em
broidered robes and the cap button of su
perior rank in the court of the Son of
Heaven. Born to the purple, he must con
tent himself with overalls and a Jumper.
And when Len Pow takes off his broad
brimmed felt hat it discloses another sign
of his degradation. Len Pow's queue is
gone. » '
For a year this lonely outcast has mads
his home in the cleft of rock whose only
outlook is a stretch of, sand with a
stretch of sea beyond.
The only . path to the cave ' from the
world above is down the sheer, chalky
cliff that rises abruptly from the watsr.
Xo recluse could find a more secluded
spot
At high tide the waves creep to the very
entrance of the cave; but far back and
safe from the fiercest" storm is a ledge
that serves as a bunk, and with wreck
age washed ashore by the sea the hermit
has carefully partitioned off his sleeping
room. Rude comfort it affords, this bed
of rock, with a single, worn counterpane
for covering, but with the stoic courage
of his race Len Pow accepts his fate
without complaint.
At low tide he is less cranaped for room,
and outside ,on the sand he builds his
little fire and cooks his meals. Only a
bit, of fish, a meager portion of rice and,
by way; of luxury now and then, a cup
of tea, for one. whose appetite was once
tempted by bird's nest soup and bamboo
buds and lily pods and' the what-nots of !
delight to the Chinese epicure.
I>oast3 a longer or stronger line than th»
family of .Len Pow..
He was born in /Peking and up to hts
twentieth year was under the protection •
of a stern, yet kind, man, who was uncle,
guardian and friend In one. His educa
tion was rigidly • attended to by this
uncle, who had him instructed In moral*
philosophy, * literature and the otheir'
branches cf learning which would fit him
Tor the exalted place he was to occupy.
This man. too, was high In the Grand
Council of . the Empire.
" Len Pow then spent some, years In
Hongkong, where he had. opportunity to
study foreigners, their usages and their
mode of government, and knowledge of
the European and the American and ac
quaintance with them lessened the- preju
dice which is so natural to Chinese of tha •,
Interior.
All this time he was secure In tha favor
of the powers that be— wa».vlndeed. very
close S<ijfce holy of the holies, when— r'.
. But here he stops. The face that was
alive with interest In thoughts of the past
ruddenly changes. To press him for rea-' :
eons Is to trespass on forbidden ground.
One fee!s he is intruding'.
All Len Pow' will say is that an edict
was issued and his life was In peril. His
patrimony was taken from him, and with
what little he could gather of his private
means he escaped the hired assassins that j
hounded him and made his way to • this *
country, where he cou'.d at least lire. . .
. But life has been all. mere life. The-,;
Chinese here who keep La doss touch
with the home country learned somehow , !
of his fall from grace and either through C
loyalty or fear refuse him shelter and a*-;'
sistance. Indeed, they shun hint as If -
he were an unclean thing.
He Iike3 and Americans. H»
says with a laugh that since his own peo
ple will have nothing of him he, too, has I
become an American and he is glad of It. V,
Lonely? Oh, yes,' very lonely, some- l
times but what would you? It Is fate and j
perhaps brighter days will come, and to I
be allowed to live in peace is good and/ •
not to be forced to move on a blessing:.
So whatever Len Pow'a past has been*
THE SUISTDAT CALL:
3
THE HERMIT OF SAND'S ENDqueen of the home kingdom. - She has
most to do with making or breaking the
home life. The husband and father may
measure up to the highest ideals of char
acter, yet if his wife Is not noble and
womanly and in every sense of the word
a helpmeet, the home life will be
marred, its beauty 6carred and its
symmetry destroyed. With the queen of
the home rests largely the happiness of
the home and the safety and training of
• ce hearts that -nestle there. At home
men find either their greatest help or their
greatest hindrance to success In their
calling in life.
Much that has been said about the du
ties of the husband and father in the.
home applies with equal force to the wife
and mother, for many women do as much,
if not more, than their husbands toward
destroying the home. Many women allow
themselves to become bo absorbed in the
social world and in public questions that
they lose all taste for the home life.
In these days we hear so much about
woman's rights and woman's sphere.
Many women have come to look upon the
home kingdom as too small for their high
ambitions: they aspire for what . they
deem higher and nobler honors than those
accruing 1 fro ni building a fine home. Their
dream is for the public platform and pub
lic life, end they ignore the noblest work
In life— the home— that they might win
laurels in other fields.
It was Confucius who said, "If the do
mestic duties be well performed there ts
no need to go afar to offer sacrifice."
¦Uranting, ~ then, the ". ever- widening
sphere of woman's influence and the pos
sibility of her earning fame for brilliant
achievements outside the home kingdom,
it should never be forgotten that her first
duties undoubtedly begin with the home,'
and if home duties be generally neglected,
all attempts at performing wider duties
in other spheres must end .in failure.
Woman's influence may be as dwarfing
and disintegrating as It is ennobling and
elevating. » • : \
'We must' admit that ¦ we ' have ' come
upon dangerous times when women aro
entering business pursuits and public. life
to the jeopardy of the home. -Vi^WISifjjSR
Professor D.-L. Kiehle of the chair of
pedagogy • in the ¦ University of Minnesota
gave utterance to a timely ¦'- truth and
words of warning > concerning -the '¦ home
before the department of , superintendents ,
of : the National Educational Association,*,
which convened ¦ recently in '.¦' He \
declared the fact that -.women,' and ; girls *
were being drawn into ' commercial ,; and :
manufacturing pursuits jeopardized the*
welfare of future; mothers and was a men-^
ace to a happy -home ilife.': It;is-stated
by. the. public press that' the- address of >
the professor touched a popular, feeling: in 1
the minds of the thousand or. more educa- j
tors from all points of the compass, : J and.
that portions of the address,; stating -that;
home life and: surroundings, were f above';
all fordid gains," was applauded. Professor ¦'.
K^ehle said: , "In this age of commercial
ism and industrial conditions no provis-.
ion ; has been made j for motherhood." .' v This '
phase of life seems to have been: brushed i
aside. In fact, * we ; are making; money- \
,* . . - ¦ ¦ ¦ ,- r •¦-'¦¦
..-.;•• "¦¦'¦¦: '¦¦'-' ¦
earners .of V >our
daughters In; com
mercial '¦;. :'; pursuits.
X While c women •:-. will ;
have every | right I to '
; an" -' equality ¦> with =
men ' in matters ! of
education ,¦ they- • are '
/outside •their, sphere
C when ¦ ; Ithat " portion
of | their I education
;¦ fitting ¦'-:¦ them ? • for
a home 'life and moth-.'
erhood does not take,
precedence ¦ ;o v • r
everything else." y$
,.. . ........ No '•' doubt ¦•-'¦; some
emancipated j. -women' will read ; these
•words of -wisdom- : with a 1 sneer, ' but
Uhatr;will not' make -them £ any- the "less
true. ' An'eminent physician expressed his
belief that ; the ; evil^,tendency Preferred to
i by • Professor Kiehle is one ¦ of the great
I dangers : ; which threaten ; the ' perpetuity of
'the /home :' life' and J consequently , the
national ' llfe.\; 'Woman's!'- influence -over
i her,-, husband ¦ has . been - ntly .• compared » to
1 what the rolling s process-- is 2 to the ' grold—
rolling ; it J> into multitudinous, sheets; < so
she either increases his strength and mul
tiplies his . graces ; or : drags him , down to
-her; own level. 7. Many, -a' .wife ,'r who'! is
¦ adored .by her • husband, .'through", her
t empty n and-. ;i> frivolous ;; -selfishness *; has
dragged him down into misery and ruin.' :
n' ' Dr.; Theodore ;{ Ciiylerl says ' "good V man-
I agement' and f rugallty" j in' th* home i'.'are
apt to mean prosperity .".while "extrava^.
gance there means vexation, temptation
to recklessness and business gambling and
eventual ruin.";; Half of the married men
who practice swindling | are pushed' on to
it by, a wicked' mistress or an extravagant
wife . and family. ' A wife is the best of
friends or the worst of enemies.. Dr.;Cuy
ler asks;: "Where; lies the r sorest '- sorrow
that disturbs the heart-peace and spoils
all the luster of .worldly gains or honors?"
He 'answers,": '.'It: is; the worm that lies at
the root of the home life,'' and he further,
states, i "It is of .little account to a" man
to be prosperous In hia store or his office
or his pulpit If he be .wretched at his own
hearthstone.";, n V ¦ ' ' *, ;¦••.' :
; ' There ; is suggested to us in 1 these . words
of this eminent; divine. the great' necessity
of -theTqueen v'of ;thei" home .'being.; a good
and,wise queen in the fullest sense.'Great
evil, may ; result ! , f ronr , the misdirected ex
aggeratiori*of;her;best affections, as' is
seen ' in T so '? many painful: instances., \The
say ing.'of ¦ Emerson, '.'Men are : what their
mothers ; made ) them," may ; be said of the
wife's > influence -over -her husband;- he is
.what > his wife makes him. , . /; . - ;\
' ,iThe Princess Johanna Bismarck fulfilled
as near. as-: possible - the .wife's and'moth
er's ' place ' in ; life.";* She was 'the most ¦ de
voted - of !i life <: companions . to I the -\ great
statesman'; and i the ¦ most ¦' loving of moth
ers J to l her ; children. :J One i writing -, of * her
death ¦, says,%,"If the Bismarckian house
hold exhibited a type of , patriarchal fam
ily life which (linked j parents and I children
in a circle of trustful tenderness, tne mer
its belonged in an "especial degree to the
departed Princess. She warmed the home
with the sunny simplicity of : her nature,
and when storms were raging wildly with
out she afforded her .wearied and sorely
tried : husband a comfortable corner
wherein to forget the excitements of
troubled days, to take the innocent pleas
ures in life amid the home circle, and to
collect his strength for- renewed effor.ts."'
-_ In this way * the' •;¦ Princess , played ¦ indi
rectly . a part in politics that was no't un
important, ; filling the warlike Chancellor
with an Irrepressible joy in life and inde
fatigable' courage for . the fray. But itVs
said she never sought to make her strong
personal Influence felt ; in political ques
tions. \ ¦ ";
This Is certainly a beautiful as well as
powerful illustration of , the best and most
effectual way . for^ women to wield their
influence In; politics' and public - matters.
A woman in ¦ the home : who walks'
grandly and : who is upright will not lead
her husband to walk .unworthily and will
not ' drag him ; downward. A godly and
wise ,wif e will ' not rule her husband with
an erring hand.* . • ¦¦¦•..-'.•
"The - heart , of - her husband : doth safely
trust : in her, so that v he shall have no
need of spoil.
"."She? will do him good and not evil all
the days of her.: life. V.-v " v-
-After all. is : said and , done, home is
woman's first place. T. Here she ; must ap
pear at her best, strong, beautiful, good.
In the last analysis, borne happiness de
pends on the wife and mother. Wall*
woman's influence reaches far beyond the
home, yet woman at home, as Its queen,
beautifying, sanctifying, adorning and
blessing it, wields a greater influence for
good fh^ri woman In pubic life.
It was Mrs. Beecher who said: **L«t
home stand first before all other things."
"No matter," said she, "how higa your
ambition may transcend Its duties, no
matter how far your talents or your In
fluence may reach beyond its doors, be
fore everything else build up a true home!
Be not its slave; be Its minister! Let It
not be enough that It Is swept and tar
nished, that Its silver is brilliant, that Its
food is delicious, but feed the love In It.
feed the truth in It. feed. thought and as
piration, feed all charity and gentleness
in it. Then from its walls shall com*
forth true woman and the true man. who
shall together rule and bless the land."
This is not an overwrought picture.
. There can be no greater honor than to
'. found such a home and there can be no
higher dignity than to reign Its undli
, puted, honored mistress.
. Mrs. Beecher asks, "What is the ability
to apeak from a public platform to large,
Intelligent audiences, or the wisdom that
commands a seat on the Judge's bench,
; compared to that- which can insure and
preside over a true home, that husband
and children rise and call her blessed?"
Truly, "to be the guiding star, the ruling
.spirit In such a position, is higher honor
"than, to rule an empire."
¦ There is no greater need in our country
•than a revival of pure home devotion; but
before that is possible there must be a
greater regard for the sanctity of the
marriage tie. This needs to be written
about, preached about and taught to the
rising generation until all shall realize the
sacredness of the wedded relations. Then
the laws of the land must be so con
structed ' and become : so • uniform on this
divine institution, that they will be a fence
about it to guard and protect it against
any unholy invasion. >
About the time when Christianity was
ushered into the world family life was
terribly, decayed through frequency of di
vorce and Increase of licentiousness.
Women, it is said, counted the years, not
by, the number of the consuls, but by the
number of their rejected husbands; they
divorced themselves so often that they
wore out their bridal veils.
• Tertullian, speaking of the women of
s that age, says: . "As for divorce,, they
> long for 'it; they long for it as though it
, were the natural consequences of mar
• riages."
At one time laws had to be passed for
' the restraint of immorality, compelling
people to marry, and at another time
• j laws had . to be passed refraining them
' >¦¦ from marrying. .'-.• ' - , ¦
. History; seems to be repeating itself in
• respect to • the matter of divorce. It is
1 indeed, appalling the light manner in
. which many hold the wedded relation and
, the home tie. Hearts are too often giv»n
like street merchandise or driven like
[ bought slaves in fair freedom's gui3e.
Love and mind are poisoned with per
.. jury's foul stains and too often the cold
world binds hearts in joyless marriage
! chains. A much-needed exhortation is
; contained in these lines:
"Be ye true unto yourselves;
. Let rank and fortune bo;
1 • If love llstht not the altar spot.
; Let feeling answer, 'Xo!' ." -
i y*^ 1 WO1 ?h an !s se *: n at her best in the
home in the capacity of mother. Some
" £w» a^ al £ home Js where mother is.
There can be no Ideal home without a
' ' hr e wVth g mft Iy » mother - What would home
; £m,« J ?Hl ff P re sence and love? The
, house, with all Us household equipments,
may; remain intact, but when- mother is
, THE SUXDAY' :c'AIjh: t: - . :
4
Continued on Fag« F1t«.
#^f CCORDING to one of the Biblical
X^ j writers "Whoso findeth a wife
/ ¦¦{ findeth a good thing, and obtain-
V. I eth favor of the Lord." This
X statement, though coming from a
very wise man, needs to be modified some
what. We are certainly not to understand
that every man who gets a wife gets a
"good thing." If this is the universal rule
then tell me who so many benedicts seek
to be separated from their wives? Is it
because they don't know a "good thing"
•when they find it? If the "favor of the
Lord" is the evidence .that a man's wife
is a blessing to him, then it is evident
many men made a bad bargain when they
found a wife, for they seem to have every
thing else but the "favor of the Lord.'
Tbis same Biblical writer makes clear
to us, in another place, that he had in
mind a certain kind of a wife, for he
says, "A prudent wile is from the Lord."
Then follows a description or character
sketch of this "prudent" or ideal wife.
"Who can find a virtuous woman, for
her price is far above rubies. The heart
of her husband doth safely trust in her.
so that he shall have no need of spoi».
She will do him good and not evil all the.
days of her life. Strength and honor are
her clothing. She openeth her mouth with
wisdom, and in her tongue is the law of
kindness. She looketh well to the ways
of her household, and eateth not the bread
of idleness. Her children arise up and
call her blessed; her husband, also, and
he pralseth her. Favor is deceitful, and
beautj- is vain; but of woman that fear
eth the Lord, she shall be praised."
If this is the kind of a woman a. man
finds for his wife we caft readily see why
the wise writer should say he "findeth a
good thing, and obtaineth favor of the
Lord." Here, then. Solomon has painted
for all time a golden picture of the virtu
ous woman in her manifold and fruitful
domestic activities.
While the husband and father has his
fluty and influence in making home all
that it should be, the fact remains that
the wife and mother is accorded the hon-
ored place ar.d position of undisputed
THE WIFE AND MOTHER
IN THE
HOMEsweeping masses over tne DiacK.-dress~~or
cheap cotton. A kindly ' handkerchief
tied around the jaws hides ln;part the
cruel burns made by carbolic ; acid, . - but
renders the face, scarcely- less ghastly
than the I still lines \ of the sheeted bodies
upon the slabs beyond. * ' . ' :
One man takes hold of the ¦poor, limply
crossed hands, another clutches the feet,'
and the golden hair sweeps the 'floor as
they lay her on a stretcher, which they
raise to the vacant marble slab.' No lovers
will disturb her disappointed heart now.
v Even the reporters and officers . are si
lent as we go out, from the pity of it all.
The doors close and the courtyard is dark
again. - ,
The sounds ; of the . street are stilled.
The hands of the dock mark twenty min
utes to 12— the time for the change of the
* ... * ' *
watch. ; Ranks of officers march I Into the i
assembly room, . the roll is called and . the I '
stone floor echoes as they -march : out by :
twos I to their different beats. There Is a '
rumble in the courtyard and the City Hall ;
patrol : wagon rolls in with a motley col-, i
lection of vagrants - and drunks for I tha -;;
main city '¦¦ hotel. ..They are of all types, i
from , the. two; men handcuffed together :
to the woman '- who heads . the procession. ;
She has ' a « red : face," a , little < straw sailor ,¦ '
hat .with ,;the! rim: almost . gone; and- the":
remnants . > : of C '¦ a' ; white •': veil," ¦ through ; !
which her ' distorted features • peer l gro- 4 •
tesquely. t : I follow* them to the elevator,
Where: one; of -I the - drunken, men \ says, [!
"After you, 1 - sir," when, they j try 1 to:get
him: in. "At : the door.. an officer hr.strug- .
gilng with; a .drunken,- and, as it " turns •
out, , crazy " negro, . J that . another > patrol ¦..
ment as . they slide It into the ' wagon.
Soon we gat a strange odor. ¦ The driver
says: .'Trye smell that.. wine' bum?. .They
are the ' worst kind. He's / just soaked in
Chinese ": rum. •Almost as bad ' as a , dope
fiend,' and we don't; pick , up. as many of
them nowadays as we used I to." -"And so
.were , my. thoughts < of a" grewsome mid
night tragedy; shattered. ; ¦ .' .
> Just as they lift the living: case of Chi
nese ; rum Into -the . clutches of the ' City
Prison the < gong in • the ¦ sergeant's office
rings furiously and the ! officer who has
been getting ¦• forty, ¦: winks ; on - a . settee
rushes ¦; out. ::< It '; Is • a '"hurry call"— a man
is shot in a saloon brawl, and I clutch the
wagon • railing 'with a ? feeling that now
tha spell of the ; night has begun , to .work
In earnest. "*; ' •."„ -.;'., '.,;-. -¦¦¦¦'::¦: ••¦•-•' ..-.-x^
.„; The - sparks i fly. from ,the • cobblestones
and we scatter the .wicked as we rush on
ward. We see, the glimmer of a red cross
. on an ambulance as It flashes < by, doing
wagon has Just brought in. When he gets
upstairs before - the sergeant he gives > a
shriek, breaks from the officer ana jumps
over the counter. He Is caught in a mo
ment, bound and almost dragged down
stairs. It Is ¦ the "hurry-up wagon" . in ,
earnest now as we rush through the sil
houetted darkness of I tha I streets to the
Emergency Hospital. When we ''ring in"
from there there are orders for two runs.
One takes . us ; down toward Pacific and
Battery,. where tha streets are Ilka black
slits in a gray curtain.'- For me the mys
tery | of. the night makes crime lurk . In
every alley. Not so the . driver. ... He only
believes in what he sees, and he shouts at
a stray little Chinawoman toddling across
tha street In | a voice that saves her from
the lmlnent danger of being ground be
neath the wheels of the juggernaut of the
law. ' Wo ¦ turn Into* an; alley so narrow
and black that the light of heaven's stars
cannot reach It. The officer on the wagon
disappears with s the other ¦ In : the gloom.
i hear a, muttered exclamation and jump
down to investigate. Against. tha wail on
tha narrow sidewalk * lies c a man's body,
and it seems .lifeless,' It has- no .move-
stantaneous combustion. - He has to b«
lifted into his equipage, and when, tha
officer goes to ring in to the office, as is
always done, the answer comes to go and
pick up a man who has fallen and frac
tured his skull at Montgomery and Sac
ramento, streets, and to see what Is the
trouble at Kearny and Bush streets.
The night shadows seem darker j after
Kearny street, as we whirl to the corner
described, • to find that a man had fallen
there, but was taken into a hotel by
friends— so an aged man tells us who
is about the corner. The horses get a
sharp cut as they shy at a broken-down
wagon that peers out of the darkness like
an evil monster, and we head for the cor
ner of Pine and Kearny streets. Here a
crowd is assembled around four diminu
tive Japanese, arrested by an officer in
citizen's clothes for disturbing the peace.
Whisky seems to be at the bottom of their
trouble, and their friends of the same race
surge excitedly to the very steps of the
patrol wagon as the offenders climb re?
luctantly in. They huddle together, and
the drunken man with the pipe, looks at
them with a lofty air. By the time we
reach the station several Japs have
arrived. -with no money, but with futile
plans for saving the offenders ' from the
wrath to come. They hover around the
place all night, but the offenders sleep
there. - . '
As I stand in the doorway of the court
I see a procession of walking delegates,
sodden and weary, telling the story of
the other half that lives as It can, march
ed by an officer toward the big doors that
lead upward to— a night's sleep, or many
of them, in prison. Sound sleep. It is, too.
They are- past regrets, and the stones of
the streets are hard. Turning to speak
to the driver, I hear a grating noise, and
a sudden light flashes in the dim court
yard. It is the door 'of the Morgue open
ing for another horror. Out of the black
wagon a - grisly, grating something- is
slowly taking shape. There is a little knot,
of boys and men watching It. It forces ,
their gaze, as it does mine. Just as the
gravelike shape of the thing is blackly de- .
fined against the white marble floor of
the Morgue one of the horses of the pa
trol gives a plaintive whinny. It is for .
Jack, and I see his face in a circle of
light. He beckons, and I stumble in after
the grewsome thing. The Coroner. is
there, and someone whispers "Suicide!"'
There is a* ghastly sound of turning
screws, and the lid comes off. Set in black
and gold is a dead girl's distorted face...
The gold Is her hair, which falls In great
extra duty on one . of- our runs, bearing
a man with a broken leg. As we go
through Pacific street where the rickety
saloon pianos are still tinkling the fr^a^l
uniforms of > soldiers are numerous. They
are the cause of tha run we find as we
clang the gong in front of a saloon full
of them. The officer of the wagon runs
in. Between the screening doors we can
hear and see that a free-for-all fight is in
progress: There are some negroes, and
just as the officers are bringing out a
soldier with a blood-stained uniform and
a battered head one of them throws a
chair, and a shot rings out. Tha sound
of police whistles! and in the next few
moments there are lively times. Three
more men. are put in the wagon. I am
in there, too? The wounded man Is still
and etark , in the bottom of the wagon.
The lights dance r aa we speed for the
Emergency Hospital. Vice nor Justice
cannot -stop us, for a human life Is at
stake. Tenderly the wounded man is lifted
out and left to the ministrations of those
to whom such is a dally business. There
Is . a message for us from tha office to
stop again on the ¦ Barbary Coast for
more trouble. But we fly back to the
prison with our three prisoners. The ser
geant meets us. "The man at the-hospi
tal died Just after you left. The mtss&g*
Just came, V he said.
"There ain't so many people arrested
as there used to be. We'd oughter had a.
burglary or a - hold-up to-niht," says
Jack as we dash for the Barbary Coast
again. When we start back we have as
a ¦ passenger a middle-aged woman clad
In poor calico with a rusty cape and hat
. She is "happy drunk." so Jack says, and
she leers in a maudlin way at the officer
as he hands her in. At the prison I go
upstairs with her into the brightly lighted
room,, with a side view of adjoining cor
ridors, vistas of steel bars, and faces
pressed against them. "Nellie Murray,"
¦ says the sergeant before she can tell her
name. Forty-nine years she confesses
to, and born in New Hampshire. "She
is an old-timer; and good for six months
as a vagrant on Monday," 1 the driver tells
me. They all have a. horror of hearing
the words "one vag" shouted to tha Ber
geant - as -¦ the officer -brings them in.
. Drunkenness -usually means discharge in
the morning, but vagrancy means time
serving. Though for a wonder we have
not been called to a murder In Chinatown.
.The wagon Is busy for the next hour,
and the prisoners : vary from a smooth
faced young clerk, drunk to sottishness,
to a little gray-bearded old man who says
at the station,' "I wish you to understan"
(hie) shentlemen," that I am not (hie)
•drunk at all." Another trip brings in a
middle-aged artist, who [ is swearing
drunk, but who clings to a photo button
picture of a child on his coat when they
take his valuables at the office. There
-is another woman, too, a young one who
kicks and screams in a drunken frenzy
' all the way from the saloon from which
she la taken. Once in the sleepy lull Just
after 1 a. m. another patrol wagon brings
¦ - in -¦ a. swell-looking . young man : and a
. pretty young girl. • There is a long con
, sultation with the lieutenant, and then an
officer takes ¦ the girl to ' her - home and
The, doctor and the nurse are waiting,
roused by the gong, and the light and
warmth stream out. The Italian boy who
has come with us runs in, and the man,
v. ho has revived, is helped in. crying that
"his heart hurts him." The doctor ex
amines him. gives him a cordial, says
that he is subject to epileptic fits and
gives him some advice. The man insists
upon shaking hands with everybody,
thanks the doctor and makes for the
streetcar with the Italian boy,, the friend
who has not deserted him.-.'
Jack chirrups to his horses, says It
"looks like there'll be somethln* doln'
to-night," and we roll along among the
men of the wharves into the pleasure
seeking crowds of brilliant Market street,
and swerve into the alley from Merchant
street, with its saloons, that leads to the
courtyard. It is a relief to get into the
big light space, with its resounding stone
floor that spreads out from the sergeant's
desk, that is called, ironically. It would
teem, the "reception or assembly room."
The two patrolmen on office . duty sit
down for a chat, but the patrol wagon's
Saturday night round-up has begun.
Clang! Whang! goes the brass-throat
ed gong, and in a few moments more the
soldiers that are idling along in little
gangs are looking after us as we make
for the dark corners of the Barbary Coast.
This time it is Just a plain drunk— a mid
file-aged working man whom the police
man is holding against a telegraph pole
to keep him from falling. He Is quiet and
hangs to the pipe which he Is smoking,
though It threatens to make ' of him ln-
The policeman on the sidewalk makes
a gesture toward the saloon and the offi
cer of the patrol goes in with him. A
moment passes and the crowd makes a
movement toward the curb. The officers
¦warn them back and come through an
alley of humanity bearing between them
tie limp figure of a man. He is hatless,
and his race is rigid in the lantern light
as they lay him softly down. In his
hand is clutched • a whisky flask. The
officer says laconically, "Fit!" Then he
runs to the nearest patrol box and "rings
in" to the police station, and the clear
air brings his voice — "anything more for
the wagon V
"AH right. Jack; Harbor Hospital." and
the horses turn the headlight of the wag
on toward the water front. .
Just a flicker of curiosity from the mot
ley crowd of Kearny street as we go
clanging at a swift pace to the streets
of the Italian quarter. We 'scatter the
children that swarm over the cobble
stones and draw up with a last warning
gong before the door of a little tobacco
chop with a saloon in the rear. The light
of the street lamp shines over a crowd
of dark faces, some curious, many full
of the ready sympathy of the Latin race.
Even where the patrol wagon enters
often it draws an audience. It holds the
stage better than a drama.
fled sound of a telephone bell, a quick
"all right." two sharp rings of the gong
from the sergeant's office, a call "Wagon!
Dupont and Vallejo streets"; an officer
6wings himself into the wagon and the
horses, no longer drowsy, clatter out
through the narrow alley beneath the
shadow of the Hall of Justice, and into
the streets, with the gong sounding . a
fusillade of warning. '.¦";¦
"The mother element," says Elizabeth
Harrison, "has brooded over all institu
tions of learning, has kept alive all acad
emies of art and preserved ' and cherished
them. KM
Many, in all walks of life are striving: for ,
the . crown of greatest joy and of chief
honor. Who performs a higher task, a
nobler work than the queen of the home
kingdom, who brings up a family of chil
dren in a proper manner? *Jer work un
der the most favorable circumstances is
most difficult and a great work. When*
can be found a finer instance of heroism
than that of a mother training, develop
ing, educating the immortal souls com
mitted as a sacred trust to her keeping?
She fits them to bless the. world and to
be forever blessed in eternity. •.-
It Is not a question whether a mother
will Influence her children or not, but how
she will influence them. Her Influence is
potent whatever it may be. It was Na
poleon, who ever recopnize' 1 tt"» cower \
of mothers' Influence, who said: "The fu
ture good or bua conduct »>» ci».»u de
pends entirely on the mother." This is
rather a strong statement, and it seems
to underrate the influence of the father
for good or eviL "But still the fact re
mains," as Dr. Theodore Cuyler says,
"that It Is mainly the mother who shapes
the home Influence and Imparts^to it It3
prevailing atmosphere; for the most im
portant, part of moral education is at
mospheric. The purity or impurity, the
tonic or the demoralizing qualities of
that atmosphere of the home depend, for
the most part, on the mother, as the
sovereign of the home. There Is her
throne; there la her sway; there she can
make or mar the destiny of the immortal
soul beyond any on« this side of the
throne of God." .•'••¦'. — »
The mother's Influence over her chil
dren being so powerful and permanent,
sha plays no small part In shaping great
national ends. All great legislators hava
felt this and acknowledged this.
Scotland, In her high reverence for
motherhood, , Insists that "an ounce " of
mother Is worth more than a pound of
clergy."
Napoleon, who cherished a high con
ception of a mother's power, when asked
which were the best training-places for
recruits, replied, "The nurseries." He
believed that the mothers of th» land
could shape the destinies of France, and
bet said, '"The great need of France is
mothers." It Is said, to them he looked .
for help In Inspiring those traditions of
glory which enabled his raw and half
fed soldiers to sweep away from battle
field after battle-field the chivalry of Eu
rope.
An ancient orator, referring: to the pow
ers of Roman mothers, said, "The em
pire Is at the fireside."
What a memorable example Is furnish
ed us In Spartan history of the influence
of mothers In shaping national ends. It
is said the Spartan nation had no walla to
its capital except the breasts of its noble
defenders. That being the case we can
• readily sea why tha mothers and the
whole nation should desire beyond all
things else that their boys should ba
"heroically brave and Indomitably hardy
in the endurance of pain." A Spartan
mother replied to her boy when he com
plained to her that his sword was too
short, "Add a step to It." Another Spar
tan mother as she gave to her son a
shield, said, "This, or on it," meaning
either to bring It back or be brought back
upon It dead.
The nation that doesn't revere woman
as wife and mother retards Its own best
development. Those nations which have
kept womanhood in a condition of servi
tude have lived Ions enough to rue their
folly. What hope can any people have
whose women are in such a condition
that they pray, as the women are said to
have once done in Hindoostan. "Oh.
Vishnu, let not my child be a girl, for
very sad is the life of woman!"
If the mothers of this land could but
realize that they hold the secret of true
reform and the making of the future o !
this great country largely In their own
keeping and would live in keeping with
this great truth, casting.' aside all the
weakening follies of fashion and soul
famine and rising to tha high plane where
God intends they should live, then would
our hemes become schools of politeness.
Godliness, tender affection and sturdy
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 '. UillPWII JW I lilfljf
And gave to earth a mother."
The power of mother's influence is seen
in the position to which the civilized
world exalts her — queen of the home-king
dom.
The "Idler" gives U3 an interesting story
by Mr. John Bigelow, who had given io
the Kaiser of Germany a little cruising
canoe of American make. The Emperor
accepted it with considerable enthusiasm,
saying "All boys shall be canoeists."
¦The Empress, in conversation with Mr.
Bigelow soon afterward about the canoe,
listened to his glowing description of
shooting down a swift stream, then
through foaming rapids and between dan
gerous rocks, and when he had finished
she said: "Oh. no! That is too danger
ous. I shall never allow my children in
a canoe."
"But," protested Mr. Bigelow, "the Em
peror has already given his consent."
"Oh. that may be," said she. with the
sweetest of smiles to her husband. "He
may be Emperor of Germany, but I am
Emperor of the Nursery."
I The fact is, whatever the father may
be in the home, the mother is "Emperor
at the Nursery," and in her hands she
holds largely the training and safety of
the hearts that abide there. As John
Gray has said. "The hand that. rocks the
cradle rules the world." History proved
this to be a great truth. The men \.-hu
speak with power and authority but ex
press the influence of th* mothers who
bore and bred them. Mothers are the
sculptors of the men and women who
make our history; their Influence teha
on the destinies of empires. Our noblest
patriots, ablest statesmen, most profound
scholars, most holy ministers of God, re
ceive their stimulus to all their excel
lence and usefulness from their pious
mothers. Because the love of sons for
their mothers is the strongest and tender
est of all affections, the influence of
woman must always be a strong factor in
the history of the world.
••The mother, in her office, holds the key
Or the soul; and she it is who stamps the cola
Of character, and makes the being
Who would ba a savage
But for her gentle care, a Christian man."
Outweighing every other.
He moved the gates of heaven apart
gone from it. it is Impossible to repair the
loss or fill the vacancy. The poet speaks
of mother as God's sweetest gift to
earth.
"Coa thought to give the sweetest thins
In his almighty power
To earth; and deeply pondering
What It should be. one hour
la fondest Joy aad love of heart
Con tinned From Page Foiir.
Wife and Mother
in the Home.
"Going to be here all night, are you?"
he asks. "Well, maybe you'll see lively
times. But how did you fix it? You're
the first person I've ever had to rida
with me. Strictly against the rules, you
know. It's liable to be a pleasanter place
than the inside though, but I s'pose you'll
be wanting to get in there if we have
Eome tough runs. I have had as many
as thirty-three or four runs in, a night,
but that was a big one.
"No, we don't go out after murders
usually; we leave that for them over
there"— with a flick of his finger toward
the Morgue — "but sometimes we have to
So out to take the detectives — and ¦when
we get there we send for the Coroner—
usually. Sometimes we are on hand for
a shooting fracas and the man dies 1a
the patrol before we can get to the hos
pitaL We're not always in it, but some
times we are right in the thick of it.
Once in Chinatown " there is the- mul-
The team of drowsy horses stretch their
necks and Uratch me suspiciously as Jack
comes out buckiingr his belt, and goes
across the courtyard to bring the big eye
of justice, the headlight that marks from
the wagon's front at night the way of
the offender.
Somewhere in the ominous hush of the
courtyard water drips with a cold, slow
sound that does not seem good to me as
I come out to climb on the seat of the
patrol wagon, "The third watch"— it
sounds a bit uncanny, but I am to bear
stalwart Jack Evatt. the driver, company
through the six hours of it, and into the
next watch*— the "first watch," that will
bring the dawn.
ic--.se.
THE first hour of the "Third watch"
Is booming from the big bell in
the tower of the city prison, and
the shadows are already deep
enough to chase the light of day
from the corners of the courtyard. The
docrway of l he Morgue turns slowly into
a ghastly gray that blends well with the
black wagon that stands before the en
trance waiting for a "case."
Good th!ncs of the flay do droop and drowse:
While nicht'» black agents to their prey do
the' young man is lectured aim told t:> S>
about his business. It is an episode or
the - police department that the ! out3iio
world does not hear of. So the night
wears on. The calls grow less and lesa
frequent, and Jack and the two officers on
office duty snore intermittently on the
benches. I do not sleep, for if I shut
my eyes I see unaccustomed sights. By
and by in the" courtyard the horses show
through the window in a lighter mist of
gray. It is the forerunner of the dawn
Somewhere in the square opposite a spar
row twitters, and up from the bay there
steals a faint line of gold. A wagon
rumbles by and there comes the voice
of a boy crying his papers. There is the
clang of a car in the street. J In the win
dows opposite the square the light grows
more and more garish, until finally they
flicker out. Suddenly a shaft of sunshine
rushes into the courtyard. The day has
come. Out in the open air the blue sky
seems truly the vault of heaven after a
night on the patrol wagon.
A NAIGHT ON THE PATROL WAGON
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5JOHN LUTHER LONG wrote that
remarkably clever little story,
"Madame Butterfly." Many will
probably remember the dramatized
version of It that was given some time
ago at a local playhouse. For its deep hu
man interest, its delicate charm and its
entirely out of the ordinary conceit of
plot it won all hearts wherever presented.
"Madame Butterfly" tells the tragedy in
the life of a young Japanese Geisha girl
who, through the passing whim of a navnl
officer, becomes; his wife. He r^ards the
match merely as an episode of a few
happy months passed in the land of flow
ers and sunshine and sails away to his
native land, leaving abundant promises
to come again some day to see his little;
Japanese wife. Madame Butterfly ..re
mains true to what she is pleased to con
sider an American wedding and not one of
Japanese custom, and her, only thoughts
are for her golden-haired child and her
sailor lover. The officer does return to
Japan, but he brings with him an Ameri
can wife, to whom he has confessed his
foolish entanglement of former idle days.
The wife condones the offense' and Is
anxious to adopt the child. They imagine
that for a few dollars the * Geisha's
wounded ¦ feelings will be more than
soothed and their minds are only dis
abused of this idea by the tragic suicide
of poor little Madame Butterfly, who,
with all her perverted Ideas of morality,
according to our code, is yet truer, to her
offspring and the natural laws of nature
and of right and wrong than this man
who goes as a leader among men.
"Madame Butterfly" is such an artistic
creation that it seems a shame to men
tion In the same sentence the last writing
of this talented, but uneven, author,
"Naughty Nan," published by the Cen
tury Company of New York.
"Naughty Nan" tells the story of a
supposedly up-to-date New TorK girl with
decidedl> bohemian tendencies. Nan! has
an. aunt, who, to save '-her for an English
clergyman to whom she ,; had • been £ at
lotted in childhood, calls in the assist
ance of a nephew to care for the wtllf ul
beauty while the aunt takes a trip. to
Europe. The nephew _• is to . become en
gaged to Nan, that is, as far as the world
knows. This make-believe , betrothal is
supposeo to keep away the bohemian
lovers and to throw Nan and the nephew
together as much as possible that he may
keep an eye on her and save, her "for
Cawdor." Of course Nan and the nephew
fall in love, but the man uses every ef
fort in his power to be true to the trust
imposed on him.. Nan decides to win him
in spite of himself by getting another man
to elope with her, knowing that her lover
will follow. She plans to have him over
take them, then to tell the man with
whom she has eloped that for him she
cares nothing and forthwith to throw
herself on the nephew's mercy to marry
her and save her good name. This fairy
dream materializes Into a railroad acci
dent In .which the nephew sustains in
juries that frightfully disfigure his face.
Nan nurses him, but when he Is off the
sickbed and the bandages taken from his
face she finds the slg-ht more than she
can bear and disappears to leave him to
his fate. ;
Then comes any quantity of trouble for
the nephew, but he finally beats out
against fate in the end and wins Nan for
his bride after all— by the aid of Mr.
Long's fertile imagination. ¦-.*. ,
The beginning of the story promises
well, for the dialogue is snappy and
bright; but the remainder of the book is
strained and silly. It will appeal to those
whoare fond of "gallery play" ; if you
care for the improbable, lurid and mawk
jpv, »N*»t'<rhty Nan" will hold out a gleam
of sunshine for you in the -book world.
¦ In his introduction Mr.' jrry fci^es .the
following apologyj really, where no apol
ogy at all is needed: \" * • ' '*¦>. .
"With apologies, : therefore, the author>
presents the short domestic tragedy of
"Little ' Italy,' claiming that it truly de
picts ah obscure. form of life in .New York
City. fend, that such a woman as Glulia
really lived there. Nostalgia is a malady
not •: confined tor rich or poor; - and true;
love, however -•. humble, "will scour -the '
'world to find Its lost object. These themes
-will appeal to , all, and might j entertain "
the reader who never- saw the play en
acted. 'Little Italy' is only one more of
'th6 / short and simple annals •of,; the
poor.*'' ~ .¦•••¦.- -\. •. ••' ' '
The play would only occupy : about* a ;
half-hour, and about the same time to
read, but through the lines you read vol
umes and the story of all times and peo
¦ples.'The plot can be told in a half-dozen
lines. The heroine lives in the Italian
quarter of New. York. She is overcome
by homesickness for her sunny Italy, and/
when a former lover's voice is heard be
neath the window singing one of the old
songs she induces her husband to call him
up that she may learn the song. The
lovers agree to return to Italy, but the ;
wife is overtaken by an accident while
attempting to escape from the room' unob
served by her husband and is brought
back dead 'in her lover's arms. The play
is so strongly human and so filled with
life as life is that you find the simple
characters, once known, are in your mind'
to stay. Play "reading" Is not as enjoy
able as play . "seeing," but Mr. Fry's ef
fort, even in book form. Is better worth
'your while than many of the loosely con
structed, badly written dramas now
' shoved at our heads by energetic man
agers. Mr. Russell has used all the pub
lisher's art to make the little book what
. it U— a souvenir well •worth preservation.
P rice $1.
Feminology.
"Feminology," by Florence Dressier,
M.E.,' M.D., is a book.of some 700 pages,
fully indexed and Illustrated. The idea of
the volume is expressed in the sub-title,
"A Guide for Womanhood, Giving in Detail
Instructions . as to Motherhood, Maiden
hood and the Nursery." Dr. Dressier
should be.well fitted for the task she'has
undertaken, for she is professor of gyne
cology in the College of Medicine and Sur
gery, Chicago, and lecturer on diseases of
women ' and -children in: the Queen Vic
toria Memorial Hospital and College for
Nurses, Chicago. The general idea of the
present: volume- Is certainly to be com
mended , for it has been j written • in the
spirit tl" .' : "Nature effects cures herself.
All the ''..-~aling* art 'can do is to
what she is trying, to: accomplish, j and-as
sist to* that end.". 1 Dr.* Dressler's'plan is
to shbw women. how. they. should'live. and
letillve inorde/ to avoid ill-health* rather
•than -.what , mediciaes' they^-v should.' take
¦•when sick; She"explains' this-1n''Ker intro
duction,' a*s, follows: .f CX-J - ."- ; *J ,
/'As accessories to the j preservation of
health, -we have embodied some of ; the
rudiments- of sanitary science, such as the
I ventilation- of itho home, the ; need of hy
gienic dress, the necessity, for. external and
Internal cleanliness of the person and sur
roundings, the ¦ best modes of exercises,
etc - '-' - - :. N .-*..- ,.-• : '
"The human needs the agencies of pure
air, pure water, pure food and sunshine
in abundance. He needs to learn the law
of moderation in all that he does to pre
serve an unimpaired body, and to know
that he can never disobey any of nature's
laws without suffering the inevitable con
sequence. ; . ,
"When the practice of the- laws of health
and the cardinal virtues becomes estab
lished happiness "will increase with the
years of life and) the knowledge they
bring. .The mere animal happiness of
childhood cannot be regretted nor com
pared to what Is enjoyed by matured life,
when health, 'the vital principle* of pliss,'
is /possessed."- ¦ .
¦ "Feminology". is published 5 by C. L.
Dressier & Co., Chicago. ; ' .
History, of Los Angeles.
A book of interest in California is a
"History • of ; Los Angeles," by y Charles
Dwight Willard,. that has just been pub
lished by Kingsley, Barnes & Neuner Co.;
Los Angeles , Cal. Mr. Willard's book pos
sesses the advantage of an > absence of
"biographical sketches" and gives an
abundance of matter in the nature of his
tory -that is -ieal history and not boom
Items of an advertising character. The
volume is handy'In sizre and well indexed.
The matter contained. there was first pub
lished in the- magazine section of- the Los
Angeles Herald during the months from
July: to December in 1901. In its present
form it will appeal to those of: the Her
ald's readers who are desirous of obtain
ing the history in a permanent form.
John Luther Long.
A Fool's Year.
The plot of "A Fool's Year" is some-:
what unusual. The central figure of the
story is a young Englishman, Geoffrey
Stewart, who does what heroes of novels
seldom, do. He accepts a' bribe which is
offered to him as the price of his silence
The Sandals.
"The Sandals, a Tale of Palestine," by
•v Z. Grenell, has just been ' published by
j Funk & Wagnalls Company, New York.
"The sandals" referred to were the foot
covering or the "blessed feet" which were
"pierced for our redemption," and the
\story tells what were their wanderings
and who were their wearers from the
-. time that they fell to the lot of a Roman
soldier when Christ's garments V were
parted among his cruciflers, to the day
when they came back to Mary, the mother
of Jesus. The book is quite tastefully
. bound and illustrated. Price 40 cents.
: i 'Astrology.
Laird /& Lee of Chicago have recently
published a book on astrology by Comte
C. de Saint-Germuin. Price $1. This book
is a new departure In astrology, as tne,
author has based his work on an entirely
new method worked out by himself, or
rather rediscovered . by him, as he claims
it is the. very method of the ancient
Egyptians and Assyrian magi lost dur
ing the dark ages intervening between
their times and ours. Be this as it may,
wi certainly. do not find. in this work any
of the difficult calculations and opera
tions" without which heretofore astrology
'does not ' seem to have been thought :of..-
Instead, we find a simple -process of
gleaning a few directions and all the re
sults from simple tables. Anybody may
be an, astrologer now.
The first eleven chapters- prepare the
student, making him, step by step, ac
auainted* with the material with i which
the science deals, ' and from which i It
gathers the- < desired information. The
twelfth chapter then 'teaches the method
of using the acquired knowledge and the
tables. ' j '"
'^Here they are treasured up tenderly, as
from (the lips of -a dearly loved friend
reverentially, as from the heart of a Sa«
vior. ; They are not treated In dry, didac-"
tic exposition/but with the brevity of
simple affection. The writer displays a
rare, close sympathy, and chooses-lan.
guage/well befitting his- noble theme. "We
stand < at the holy of holies of Jesus' sor
row... Here the- heart must be -high-priest
—the heart purged'; from -curiosity and
clothed iwith reverence; -the | heart alone
may raise the ' veil and enter, the mys
terious shadow of this -solitude."
The typography of "the -volume is in
keeping with its spirit— a dignified black
letter type, | with illuminated initials j and
tasteful page designs, making a beautiful
and appropriate gift for-the-Easter:sea
son. (Published by Thomas Y. Crowell &
Co., New York. 'Price 60 cents.) ¦''¦'.
and coquetted and finally eloped with is
made the matter of the plot. (Published
by Funk & Wagnalls Company,' New
York. 40 cents.) ->'-:¦
Literary MTotes.
Soon after the publication of Mary
Cowder Clarke's famous Shakespearean
"Concordance"/ an American admirer of
her book wrote her an enthusiastic letter
of appreciation. As he was unusually
gifted in an epistolary way Mrs. Clarke
was inspired to respond, ' and a corre
spondence was started that extended over
eleven years. At that time Mrs. Clarke
was in constant association with literary
London, and her letters were full of de
lightful, gossipy comments on the doings
of some fainous people. It will be wel
come, news to lovers of literature that
these "Letters to an Enthusiast" will be
brought out this spring by A. C. McClurg
& Co.
; >.-The Century's "Year of American
Humor" is to be reinforced in the April
number by several contributions, includ
ing "Chlmmle Padden's" "Discussion of
L'AIg-lottVi and Woman," . by Edward "W.
Townsend.Vfor which Steele has made
some taking, pictures in Illustration of
.'•ChTminIe's" > l»mmenta on the play; "ily
Golf,"v.l>y Chart-ts Battell Loomls. in
which the writer makes gentle fun of the
beginner In this spdtt, with pictures by
Miss Cory; "**A Hard Road to Andy Cog
gins," by Chester Ballesr Fernald, author
of "Tne Cat arid the Cnenjb/* a rollicking
tale of private v theatricais;,at Newport,
told in Irish dialect, with, by
Steele, and "Disciplining the <&:& O.," a
humorous story showing how a" Western
baseball club "caught a. Tartar,", by Wil
lis Gibson, a writer new\to the "Century,
with pictures by Keller. There are also
shorter contributions . of drawings and
verse in the department: "In.- Lighter
Vein." ; V i'
-: — •;-? " : .i ¦ ¦-/-¦
William Jasper NIcolls, / whoss story,
"Graystone," is Just issued j by th» J. B.
Llppincott Company, wsls ; bori ¦ in 1854,
and after completing the cqfurse in one of
the Pennsylvania colleges; entered busi
ness in the engineering department »f th*
Philadelphia and Reading H*
Won some distinction in this employment.
so that 1879 found him chnsf engineer of
the Long Island Railroad, cor which con
cern he accomplished the celebrated task
of building the extension that joined th*
road with the Long Beach Railroad— «n«
of the projects several authoritative en
gineers of the time had declared; imprac
ticable. He is now president of on* of
the State's large coal mining companies
and a member of both the Society of Civil
Engineers and the American Society o£
Mechanical Engineers. In addition to his
works called "A Story of American Coals"
and "A Coal Catechism" he is known In
the field of scientific literature* . for his
treatise on engineering called "Th j Rail
way Builder." At present he is » resident
of Philadelphia. •< i t
D. Appleton & Co. have just brought eat
a new edition of "The Presidents of th*
United States," edited by General James
Grant Wilson. The article on President
McKinley gives a brief and ¦"accurate
resume of the Spanish- American VWar and
concludes with the » sad story of the great
President's tragic «nd. A aketch -of Presi
dent Roosevelt is added, written iby Owen
Wister. To the beautiful i.Bteelt;engrav
ings of the previous editions has been
added a fine portrait of the latest and
youngest of the nation's '• • chief magis
trates. The notable list of contributors
includes Secretary John Hay, who wrote
the sketch of Lincoln: Jefferson Davis,
who wrote. the life of Zachary Taylor;
Carl Schurz, who reviewed Rutherford B.
Hayes; Horace Porter on Grant and Wil
liam Walter Phelps on Gaxfleld. The book
forms an interesting history of the United
States from the viewpoint of the Whit*
House. . '. i
Books Received.
THE LITTLE BROTHER— By Jostah Flynt.
The ' Century Company,' New York.." $1 60.
TWENTY-SIX AND ONE — By Maxim* Ctor
ky. J. P. Taylor & Co., New York.-;. Si 25.
THE MADNESS OF PHILIP— By, Josephine
Dodge Daskam. McCIure, Phillips & Co..
New York. $1 60.
THE BLAZED TRAIL— By Stewsfrt Edward
"White. McCIure. Phillips & Co., New York
$1 50. •' ."*(
NEXT TO THE GROUND — By Martha Sfc-
Culloch- Williams. McCIure, <• Phillips & Co
New York. $1 20.
HOW TO GET ACQUAINTED WITH GOD—
By Theodore F. Seward. Funk & . Wagnalls
Company,' New York. 50 cents. ¦¦'¦'.
DOROTHY SOUTH— By George Cary Es
gleston. Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston
$t BO. ¦»:¦"-- l. ..."*.
by F. M. Buckles .& Co., New York.
Price, $125.)
Stewart meets a daughter of Cyrus Hop
per, Patricia,' and with . her he * falls . in
love. The : thought that ". this girl would
despise him if she knew the source of his
wealth begins for Stewart a | period jg of
mental torture. To this -he puts an end
by returning the money to,Hopper and by
confessing .his .wrong- to 'Lord St. lves.
Stewart eventually finds that his poverty
does not stand in the way. of his winning
Patricia -.Hopper. (Appleton's Town . and
Country Library, i Cloth, $1; paper, 50c.)
about a dishonorable transaction of which
he has become aware. Stewart Is a poor
young man, whose only possession is a
manor house fast falling into ruin from
neglect. Stewart lives in London with the
family ot a kinsman. Lord St. Ivea. Lord
:St. lves has made the acquaintance of an
American, Cyrus Hopper, a man who has
come- to England with \the intention of
entering, society, there by the aid 'of the
colossal fortune of which he is possessed.
It comes to the knowledge of Stewart that
Hopper has been engaged in a dishonora
ble affair which has. taken place ldurlng
the racing season in England. Stewart
tells Hopper that he considers it his duty
to let Lord St. lves know of the affair.
Hopper then offers to give /Stewart a mil
lion pounds if the latter will keep silent.
I* At first Stewart is very indignant at such
an offer, but when he has had time to
think of all he- might accomplish with the
aid of. this money he agrees to keep Hop
per's secret. ¦ For a'year Stewart silences
his conscience , and tries to enjoy the
fruits of his dishonorable act. ¦ During the
first part of this year he Is happy enough.
Then Stewart finds. that because he does
not tell how : he has acquired his fortune
his acquaintances are beginning to believe
that it t has , not come j through honorable
means. For his' kinsman's sake Lord St.
lves does what he can to lull this suspi
cion, but even ; he feels that It is through
fear that Stewart d.oes not , reveal > the
source of, his .wealth. '. ¦- •
Every woman who loves a man and !s
anxious about him is sure that if she can
be alone with him for a moment he will
tell her the truth about his conditions The
experience of thousands of years has not
taught women that if there is one person
In the world from whom a man will try
to conceal his ills and aches, it is the
woman. he loves. — Marietta.
A man In whom the elements axe really
well mixed troubles very little about
.women, in so far as physical charm is
concerned.— The Art of Uf e.
Slander is the crime of saying what
other people think.— The Giant's Gate.
It Is that which by one chance or an
other so commends itself to a creature as
to incite it to tire . emotion called love, !
which, not speaking in figures, holds tha
power of life and death. Personality ,
sometimes achieves .this, circumstances
always aid it; but in all cases the result
is the same and always the world it exists
in— during Its existence.— The Methods of
Lady "Walderhurst.
One of the keenest wbips#with which a
woman can be scourged is the unde
served confidence of her friends.— Tha
Story of Eden.
Th' laaw is made f r the good people,
but 'tis read be th' coorta fr th' other
wans. If they*s a hole in it, th"* lawyer*
shticks a crowba-ar in, an' tni ludg«
gives a bit av-help. an' bechune tor two
they ma-ake th* op'nln' big enough t'r
to put a locomotive injlne through.—Po
liceman Flynn.
It is always unwise to pry into matters
that are kept from us from motives of
friendship or affection.— A New Messiah. •
There's times whin the diwil's a salot
to what a man la, an* times whin a saint
might wink at the diwle, friendly like,
out av remimbrance of the ould days.—
Patricia of the Hills. '
Men are singularly unoriginal when they
make love or pray. Women and th«
Deity have been perpetually hearing the
same thing from the beginning of speech.
—The Story of Eden.
More murder has been done In the n
cred name of faith than In all the shib
boleths which man has manufactured to
justify his crimes.— A New Messiah.
There do be three grades of liars. Th*
common liar lies f*r | th* fun iv it, th*
artistic liar lies fr a pur-rpose, an' th.*
politician lies because 'tis his nature to;
he do be built that wa-ay.— Policeman
Flynn. . . .
Wit and Wisdom Erom Ne-w Books.
, Compiled by. the April Era.
Those who have real merit are the last
ones to see it in themselves and the first
to see it In others.— Josh Billings' Allmi
nax.
Courtship of Anne Page. •
Ellen V. Talbot, In her, story "The
Courtship of Sweet Anne Page," has laid
¦lovers of Shakespeare under I especial ob
ligation by. filling an Inviting: gap in "Th«
Merry Wives of "Windsor" with , the
charming | romance of sweet Anne Page
and her courtship by the three lovers,
Abraham Slender, the tallow-faced gawk
chosen by her father; Dr. Calus, th© gar
lic-scented favorite of her mother, and
the "gallant Fenton,". the choice of that
"youthful under-plotter/' her own willful
self. How the second suitor was played
against the first and the third bantered
6
The Lovely Mrs. Pemberton.
A book without' a likable character in
it Is what Florence Warden has accom
plished in "The Lovely Mrs. Pemberton."
There may be those ivho will mingle their
tears vrlth the rather too ready tears of
the heroine over the difficulties that come
of having an adoring husband whom she
is not quite sure of loving until the last
, page of the book; of being spied upon
* everlastingly by a green-eyed, prying spin
ster aunt, who resents her nephew's mar
riage; and of having attracted the notice
of an unscrupulous old libertine, who
takes advantage'df her youth and his own
IN the volume of verse entitled "Lin-,
coin and Other Poems," which repre-'
sents the latest "work of Edwin Mark
ham, the lines which show the influ
ence of inspiration are in the minor
ity. At times it seems as if Pegasus
had had to be gently prodded now.!
and then In order to be kept go- j
ing. Then. too. in many of the poems J
there is an over-insistence upon the beau
ties of liberty, equality and fraternity.'
Xot that these themes are unworthy the:
notice of the greatest genius; but, after j
all, poetry is one thing and a course of.
lectures on socialism another.
It is a legitimate matter for speculation :
whether or not in future books of verse
Mr. Markliam intends to complete the se
ries of meditations on first beholding
certain famous paintings, by pursuing an
uninterrupted course from Tedder and
Miliet back to the Renaissance. There
are three new "meditations" in the pres- J
ent volume. '
In spite of certain blemishes of artlfi- i
ciality, there are lines In the poems .so j
tine that one could wish that a writer,'
capable of producing them would be con- j
tent to write but little, if only he couUi '
make all of his work of the same high j
quality. For instance, consider the" best!
parts of the following poems: ;
LINCOLN".
Ti*hcn the Norn Mother saw the Whirlwind I
Hour.
Oreatetiinc and darkening as it hurried on.
She bent the strenuous Heavens and came down
To make a man to meet the mortal need!
She took the tried clay of the common road-
Clay warm yet with the genial heat of Earth,
Dashed through it all a strain of prophecy;
Then mixed a laughter with tne serious stuff.
It was a stuff to wear for centuries,
A man that matched the mountains, and com
pelled
The stars to look our way and honor us.
The color of the ground was In him, the re4
earth;
The tang and odor of the primal things —
The rectitude and patience of the rocks;
The gladness of the wind that shakes the corn;
The courage of the bird that dares the sea;
The iustice of the rain that loves all leaves;
The pity of the snow thai hides all scars;
The loving kindness of ,ihe wayside well;
The tolerance and equity of lieht
That elves as freely to he shrinking weed
As to the great oak flaring to the wind —
To the grave's low hill as to the Matterborn
That shoulders out the sky.
And so he came.
From prairie cabin up to Capitol.
One fair ideal led our chieftain on.
Korevermore he burned to do his deed
With the fine stroke and gesture of a king.
He built a rail-pile as he built the State,
Pouring his splendid strength through every
blow.
The conscience of him testing" every stroke.
To make his deed the measure of a man.
So came the Captain with a mighty heart:
And when the step of Earthquake shook the
bouse.
Wrenching the rafters from their ancient hold.
He held the ridgepole up, and spiked again
The rafters of the Home. He held his place —
Held the lcr.g purpose like a growing- tree —
Held on through blame and faltered not at
praise.
And ¦when he fell in whirlwind, he went down
As when a kingly cedar green with boughs
Goes down with a great shout upon the hills,
And leaves a lonesome place against the sky.
OUR DEATHLESS DEAD.
How shall ve honor them, our Deathless Dead?
With strew of laurel and with stately tread?
With blaze of banners brightening overhead?
Kay, not alone these cheaper praises bring;
They will not have this easy honoring.
Not all our cannon, breaking the blue noon,
Not the rare reliquary, ¦writ with rune.
Not all the Iterance of our reverent cheers,
Not all sad bugles blown.
Can honor them grown salntlier with the years.
Nor can we praise alone
In the majestic reticence of stone:
Kot even our lyric tears
Can honor them, passed .upward to their spheres.
Nay. we must meet our august hour of fate
As they met theirs; and this will consecrate.
This honor them, this stir their souls afar.
While the/ are climbing to fen ampler star.
The soaring pillar and the epic boast.
The flaring pageant and the storied. pile
Slay parley with Oblivion awhile.
To tare some Sargon of the fading host;
'But these are vain to hold .
Against the slow creep of the patient mold.
The noiseless drill of the erasing rust:
The pomp, the arch, the scroll cannot beguile
The rrer-cirdlng Destinies that must
Mix king and clown into one rabble dust.
Ko name of mortal Is secure in etone:
Hewn on the Parthenon, the name will waste;
Cferved on the Pyramid, 'twill be effaced. J
la tie heroic deed and there alone.
Is nmn'i one hold against the craft of Time,
That humbles into dust the shaft sublime —
. Thai mixes sculptured Karnak with the sands.
'TTnannaled. blown about the Libyan lands.
And tor the high, heroic deeds of men.
There Is no auwu of praise but deed again.
Only the heart-quick praise, tho praise of &*•&,
Xm Zalthfcl praise for the heroic breed.
How shall we honor them, our Deathless Dead?'
Hew keep their mighty memories alive? .
In him who feels their passion, they survive!
Flatter their souls with £eed, and all is saldt
1m. the heroic sonl their eosls create
Za rsistii remembrance past the reach of fate.
The will to serve and bear.
The will to lor* and dare, j
And takt for God unprofitable risk—
These things, these things will utter praise and
paean ¦¦ ';'£'':¦«-
Loader than Ijrio thunders Aeschylean;
The** thing* will build our fetid u&waatlng
ebellak. v;.",V.,:
(Published by McCluw, Phillips & Co.,
New York. Price JL)
relations with her husband, an obscure
county solicitor. But weeping with the
lovely Mrs. Pemberton does not necessi
tate liking her: and while Peter Pember
ton is wonderfully single-hearted In his
devotion to his young wife he is much
too ready to listen to the trouble-brewing
aunt- The book has no surprises except
for the central figure herself, who upon
marrying the first man she meets finds
herself suddenly absorbed Into the smart
set, of which her husband's chief patron,
"Verba Crucis."
""Verba-.Crucls'V is a meditation upon
what Jesus said on Calvary by T. Calvin
McClelland, '*¦'¦- minister; of the
Church. Newport, R. L This dainty little
book will aid to ¦ give a new meaning . to
the ; words *^of: Christ uttered from hit
cross. The last words of any life are
always regarded as significant utterances
—for the, soul, when face to face. with the
beyond/ sees with larger, r clearer vision.
How much more significant should be the
messages which fell from Jesus', lips— his
seven short utterances— Verba Crucis— on
Calvary?
Lord Thanirigton, Is the leader. Innocent
ly enough and with keen enjoyment of the
gayeties of the county magnate's coterie,
she takes the pleasure that comes, her
way, suspecting no motive on the part of
the Earl other than the avowed friendly
interest In her husband and herself, until
near the end of the book she gets her first
real lesson in worldly wisdom. And here
the weakness of' Peter Pemberton is
plainly "shown. '.:. He loves his wife A well
enough to have forgiven her ' had J she
erred, but not well enough to give. her the
chance to prove her innocence until ; she
pockets her pride and forces herself upon
him. The story is written in that pains
taking manner that relieves the reader of
the mental effort of inference. (Published
THE SUNDAY GALL.
April 6, Sunday— The children-born upon
this day. will be of restless" dispositions
? and fond of travel. They will be ingenious
and of, artistic temperaments.' The boys
will make money and will do well In gov
ernment service.'
r "April 7, Monday— The children of to-day
,will be active of intellect, energetic and
thoughtful.' -The* boys will possess ex
ecutive ability and- will become managers
of larVe corporations. The girls will be
..social leaders and will make brilliant mar-
rlages*^.
April 8, Tuesday— The children born up
on this day will be fortunate In all '¦¦ of
their under takings./ -They will .be of
strongconstltutions and will be long-lived.
When past ; the ; age of thirty -they will
acquire great wealth through inheritance.
April 9, Wednesday— These children will
be of : bright dispositions, will be fond of
pleasure and. will always be surrounded
:by' admiring friends. r - \
"" They/ will be highly respected and will
,; succeed • in ; business careers.
: ;The girls will marry .at an, early age.
Aprils 10, Thursday— The children born
to-day will be generous, kindand of most
.unselfish dispositions. - They will always
s spend much money and time benefiting
. other: people. ' • "
¦They will never be wealthy, but will be'
; happy In their chosen fields.
•.-¦April; 11, Friday— The .children born to
day/will; be thoughtful and persevering.
\ They, will be very fond of pleasure and
• of entertaining. % ;. . - .
The boys should become successful pro
fessional men and the girls will be social
leaders., ..¦ : r ' \:
April 12, Saturday— The children born
upon this day will possess extremely at
tractive personalities. *f&Ba&payg3&*&ssa
.The boys will rise "in life through the
assistance of Influential friends. 'The girls
will marry , while quite young : and their
alliances will be • under most
romantic circumstances. '
THE SECRET OF THE STARS THIS WEEK MADE CLEAR TO YOU
THE week beginning on Sunday, April
6, will be -under the dominance of
Mars, Neptune and Saturn. Under
this influence many large deals
should be . consummated. There
should be Important developments
in railroad, traction and trolley-line en
terprises.
There should be a boom in the manu
facture of all kinds of machinery. During
this week "the State Legislature will re
ceive many "applications - for •- franchises,
and powerful companies will be formed.
There' will be new movements in mili
tary and naval circles, and large appro
priations will be asked for*. .;; •
Speculation will be steady and strong,
but there will be large demands and- poail
bly corners in various lines.
New powers, new forces, new personali
ties and companies will arrive In the cen
ters of trade this week, and will take a 4
hand in the world's affairs.
Conditions governing general health will
be fair, but the nervous, overworked peo
pU should rest, as the vibrations will have
a marked tendency to exaggerate nervous
troubles.
The weather should be warm and pleas
ant, with occasional "April showers.
Marriage.
This is a propitious time for the con
tracting of the marital bonds.
The 12th and 13th are especially lucky
days, and those who marry on either of
these dates -will '\ experience" long .and
happy wedded lives.
Business.
April 6, . Sunday— This day should . b«
spent quietly, and rest fully. Letters may
be written ?. to-day, and social <: calls ex
changed. ,
April 7, ; Monday— Business will be ex
cellent : upon' this day. Big deals will be
made and * wholesale merchants • should
profit largely. .Stocks, railroad, oil and
mining stocks should open strong. Metals
should go up from 10 to 1L Sugar and
provisions from 11 to 1Z \
April.. 8, Tuesday— Business affairs and
Inventions should be . pushed to-day dur
ing the ; hours from 12 * to \, 8. p. ; m. . Grain ;
and sugar take : the lead \ to-day, but will .
be quite changeable from 10 to 11, then
down at 12. All lines should be up a' bit
at the close and some may b« carried overj
with profit.
April 9, Wednesday— This 1» a propitious
day • for the starting of new enterprises.
Contracts and legal documents should /be
signed from 8 to 10 a. m. or 12 to 2 p. m.
Stocks open about the same, but '.i go up_
from S to 10; metals and mining between '
10 and 12, with sugar and grain up at ,1. . .
April 10, * Thursday— Business will ; as
sume an undecided and doubtful aspect
on this day. ; Changes; will be sudden and
puzzling. Do not start - new enterprises
upon this date. Markets open fair, go up
from 9. to 10, -but are under rapid fluctua
tions from 10 to 12, thenVdown.at 1,,clos
ing with an upward tendency. ; . ,
April 11, Friday-^-There should be .im
portant moves made by large corporations
to-day, with .; beneficial results ''_ to y em
ployes. Thin i» a good day/ for the . trans
fer of property h and for ; affair* ' of law.
Speculation will be - uncertain to-day.
: Stocks. wlir fluctuate-^own at 10, up some
from 10 to ; 11, down at 12, with & slight
rise at, the close. '...¦¦>
April;12,- Saturday— This is an excellent
day to push business, travel,- ask! favors
and to * settle deals. Market opens : up a
bit, goes up some by .¦ 10 ; ; sugar I and pro-'
visions up by 11, with a changeable close.
/ Birthdays. :
April 6, Sunday— Those ; who ' celebrated
the . anniversary of their birth upon. this
date will traveler make changes in resi-:.
dehce duriiig the coming yea*. Those en- r
gaged in. business will experience a profit- ' t
able year. All | had best beware of accl
; dents.:
April 7, ." Monday— This will be an active
"and a highly successful business year" for 8
those .whose birthday falls upon this date.
" All should avoid unnecessary risks/new,
j. — . ' ; " ; ' — •'•¦••;¦ -_— — - — ;; ¦'/ *
"GLORY OF THE ANGELS"
AT STANFORD.
See First Page. "
art mosaics in the
V /j Memorial % Chapel < at Stanford
,M. . University, after" the mosaics in
a ; famous cathedral of Borne, "\ are
beautiful. . ; ; \ ¦*
.vl.The. picture shown is a portion : of a
loiig; panel extending;' the- full length
of i the;; circular altar ' dome fond the
height^of ¦ the figure > of the '; angel; is
over; 10 1 feet. 1 '". ,''•_•¦:'*¦-¦¦/. * ' :'*' ; \
, The mosaic work is : being done by '
a Venetian : firm, celebrated the world ¦
over for its art work in mosaics, and "¦
so "satisfactory/; is the; work in the
Memorial XJhapel that Mrs. : ;
has * recently ¦ contracted for about
$40,000 -worth 7 more of the mosaic
.work 'for the front 1 portion of the
chapel. y "'*¦*'¦ ' .-¦: -
K .. ;;;.; ;; — .; \- ¦ '/ ,/•/'/ *" - -^ .
ventures j' or. speculation. Young women
will have offers of marriage.
' April 8, Tuesday— Those whose birthday
falls upon, this date will flndthis year full
of . excitement '"and '> extreme activity "in
business. r Professional r people, will', reap
artistic successes. Those In employ should
vigilantly watch [ their positions. „ " /
April 9, Wednesday— All whose birthday
falls upon" this day should care for; their
health and avoid worrying, as there may
be much to-perplex and annoy . them. The
young will' experience a year full of pleas
ure and social -enjoyment.
April 10,* Thursday— Those who celebrate
their birthday to-day should be careful in
makings Investments during the coming
year. Some" may /change , their occupa
tion. Literary people should be success
ful. Widowers will marry happily. "_
.April 11,'. Friday— Those s whose birth an
niversary falls upon this day. should be
ware of j for there is danger of
litigation and lawsuits . for. them." Business
people wilt'flnd this year a successful and
lucrative one. i There may be 11 lne>3 or ac
cident, in the family for some.
April 120% Saturday— Very "strong plan
etary_ aspects govern this day .and the
events, that will occur this .year
will 1 :" be very "strenuous, ones. 7iBusines3
will increase to an astonishing degree for
those commercially/ engaged: AH : should
beware of sudden changes. -Young women
may experience unhappy love affairs.¦'.-'
* Births." - :".>•?.;.:
The children born during this week will
be' extremely energetic,^ with; a "desire for
freedom and ' independence! '•' ,They will* be
broad-minded and 'ambitious. They will
become managers [of i railroads,"? steamship
lines and 'electric companies, "also govern
ment officials. The girls .will be of happy
dispositions and : will - become j. brilliant
women.. •¦ : ;; V - -' : " . '.-. '.' . : } :¦-"
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHART
Mrs. Minnie Maddern Fiske.
e=j=> HIS 'picture of Mrs. Flske, so .well
|j'. known" to San Franciscans by -her
j[ work as- Becky -Sharpe : and Tess,
: shows her in the ' role of Glulla in
"IMttle, Italy." It may be that some time
we will be fortunate enough to see the
play, "but in the meantime we must con
sole ourselves by reading it. R. H. Rus
'sell, I the New York publisher, has just
produced afine edition containing," besides
the play itself,- an introduction by the
author, Horace B. Fry. and as ari appen
dix "The Preface to 'Un Pere Prodigue,'
by Alexandre Dumas Fils." - (
"Mr. Fry's tragedy is a little gem. It,
has in it all the elements of power that
extreme simplicity can give. It is as a
play all that "Cavalleria Rusticana" Is as
an opera. Of ¦ course, . much is lost when
we must make our, imagination feed on
the cold type in lieu of the graphic acting
that Mrs. Flske can undoubtedly give to
such a part as that of Glulia; -still .the
imagination must be a poor, one that can
not sympathize with and understand the
possibilities of .the tragedy through Its
incisive lines. \ '.,.-..
SBooKs J
lor I
Re a dine
B People
ft No* merely current fiction— but
H also all the Important Works of
H the Day i a Wide selection of
H Standard and Classical literature
\l £0 per cent discount save
| on net publications.
I Elder and Shcpard,
I 23S POST STREET. San Francisco.
N Write for catalornt ef publication!. - !
Qtt -- — 9
"Iirtlie Footprint?.
?Qf% Padres."
By CHAELS3
" ThIs book * is . largely remi-
niscent. It' is cdtnpriaed ot the
memories of one who has spent his
life on 'the. Pacific Coast, one who
loves California with that peculiar
devotion that inspires all the sona
of the golden West. Mr. Stoddard
h,as a style that Is individual and
artistic. He writes with a smooth
flow of. words that forms a Bttlne
setting for his prose songs concern-
"?s the buoyant youth of Califor-
nia."— Tha Milwaukee Sentinel.
< PRICE Sljio .NET.
A. W. ROBERTSON,
J Publisher, ¦ 26 Post Street. '
i - — ' 'ica.. «r v ,';rn:cnt. It was the ,'Sobra'nce, ' ¦
cr the "Ijcft Over" ranch, being composed
of the land left after the other "great
grants were made; but it was left over
only In form. It was the choicest of them
all. .
"My father owned great herds of cattle,
and the Indian vaqueros who herded
them lived in a camp, which they would
pitch la some remote part of tha land. X
ttsed to go out and herd with them when
X was a boy for tha fun of tha t^i^g.
"X liked to live In tho ro^gh that
he seized a long pole which lay near? him.
The farther end of It was in the fire and
was burning. It made a torch when 'he
lifted it.
"The Indian stealthily and surely
reached out and poked the bear in the
ribs 'with the burning stick. The beast
was so absorbed In his delicious meal that
he did not know what bad happened until
be felt himself very warm. . '-
"Now, he had been out killing and eat
ing cattle all day, as Is' the way" with
bears wh«a they have a chance, and his
cult from the back of such a horse as
this. It had been as much as I could do
to get it under my control. But I was
not to be daunted, ' especially when I was
offered the six-sided slug If I could pick
It up while, riding.
"This slug was the fifty-dollar piece. of
old California. It was to be placed on
the ground and I was to snatch.it while
riding by at full gallop.
, "As I dashed by I reached for the coin.
X seemed to be flying past It when I felt
it beneath my fingers. It almost slipped—
(~y ENSATIONALISM is responsible,';
A^X sa ys the chaplain of Reading Jail,
V J the most famous prison priest in'
F*"^ England, "for the sad fact that the
worse some men are the more they
attract some women. . • .
"Bad women attract many. men, but.lt
is not simply because they are bad. They
must-be beautiful or clever as well. ;,
"But bad men seem to attract certain
hysterical _, types of women,' who come
from every class, merely because they
are bad. Some of the filthiest, stupidest,,
stolidest, most uninteresting S brutes ' I
have ever known in here," and the'ehap
lain pointe'd at the soiled four walls of
the extensive yard, v "have been simply in
undated with offers of marriage from un
known sympathizers and admirers: : In
• fact, such is 'the .curious fascination of
crime to persons of a certain class that
it is almost safe to say* that the more
brutal and heartless the criminal the bet
ter are his matrimonial chances.
"Neill Cream,' the famous, or rather in
famous, poisoner; Deming, the Australian
wife killer; Fauntleroy and many others
of S the greatest [ scoundrels of our time;
might : have ' been married over and over
again .if justice had hot substituted the
halter for the altar: and for. a woman to
commit a crime. If eh# be at all . good-'
looking,' is to awaken tender emotions in
many a manly breast. -, .- .-.
"A "few years ago, when a certain
young man of rank was. charged with a
particularly heartless ; crime, at least a
score of silly women promptly f ell head
over heels in love with him, and inun
dated his solicitor with messages of sym
pathy, offers of financial, help and of mar
riage. Every day of his trial some of
them attended the court and exhausted
every stratagem to get a word with him,
and when he was sentenced, to five years'
penal servitude one woman, an absolute
stranger to him, fainted in court.- J
"So infatuated was one of his admirers
that she went to live in the neighborhood
of the ', prison where he served his sen
temce, and was happy if she caught a
glimpse of him on his way to the quar
ries. Whether she married him or n at ul
timately I cannot say, but it was cer
tainly not her fault if she didn't." .'.'¦¦.
"In another case,' which occurred ¦} at
about the same time, a young and pretty
girl was charged with the manslaughter
of her child under peculiarly sad condi
tions. Her case excited wtde sympathy,
and to my certain- knowledge at least a
dozen men wrote to make her offers of
marriage. After' a long trial she was ac
quitted, arid one of her numerous suitors,
a man of some wealth and social position,
found a' home for her and at the end or
six 'mouths led her to the, altar. This
strangely united couple are now living on
the Continent, and, as I. hear from a
friend of mine who is an English chap
lain there, are happy together. . -
"It is comparatively seldom that thl3
Infatuation fcr a criminal leads to matri
mony as promptly as in the case of a
clever and notorious . French swindler,
who was recently brought before a
French court on a serious charge. Among
his many admirers was a young woman,
who fell so violently in love with the
prisoner that she declared she would
marry him in orison. "
"She applied to a magistrate for the
requisite permission. 'Is it true that you
wouid like to marry this manT'the mag
istrate asked. 'Yes, sir,' she answered,
'I love him very • much, and it would
make us both happy forever.* Permission
was given, and the prisoner and his de
voted bride were married at the local
Mayor's office, with four policemen as
witnesses. It will probably be some time,
however, before they are in a position to
enjoy their honeymoon.
"A still more remarkable story comes
from America," said the English clergy
man. "Some years ago a young and at
tractive woman , was charged with a
grave offense, and "although it was found
that the crime was committed under in
fluence which the girl was powerless to
resist, she was sentenced to a long im
prisonment. The -Judge whose painful
duty, it was to inflict this sentence was so
moved by pity for the girl that I ho fre
quently visited her in prison, and was so
struck by her natural charm, intelligence
and modesty that he fell in love with her.
"When her sentence had expired ha met
her at the prison gates and drove her
away in his own carriage to a home ha
had provided for her, and a few wee&s
later she -became the wife of a man who
a few years earlier had been her Judge
and punlsher. This caae, which Is well
known in America, proves that It is not
only the young and foolish In whom a
criminal can inspire love and loyalty.
"Another case which Is within my own
knowledge is that of a bank clerk who
was charged about three years ago with
embezzlement. It was proved In evidence
that he had committed the crime in jot
der to help a- brother who was In finan
cial straits, and fully hoping -and Intend
ing to replace the money before it was
missed. His case excited considerable
sympathy at the time, and In none more
than in the daughter of the barrister who
defended him.
"The young man was sentenced to a.
merely nominal term of imprisonment,
and on his release called at the house of
the counsel who had defended him lo
thank him again for his kind offices. Here
he met the girl, who was able to express
her deep sympathy with him in his mis
fortune, and thus commenced an ac
quaintance which quickl- , ripened Into
love.
"A year ago the youns people were
married with tha father's approval, and I
understand they are .now leading an
Ideally happy life in Melbourne, where a
good opening was found for tha young
bridegroom." — Chicago Tribune.
PECULIAR CASES OF SILLY INFATUATION
Indian Etiquette.
THE Bed Man and Helper, published
by. the students at tha Carllsla
(Pa.) Indian school, has this to say
on Indian etiquette: **Xt was an
actual desire for information and no at*
tempt to be fanny that a boy la looking
'up from reading about 'squaw men* asked
if the white women who marry Indian
men were called 'buck woman,' We could
not answer why they were not. Such a
name would be no more insulting to a
woman than tha first appellation ti to a
man. All Indian women axe no mora
squaws than white woman are. wenches.
The name squaw emanated from *»qua/
an Indian word of a Massachusetts tribe
meaning woman, but it has sine* com*
to be used commonly by illiterate yeople
for Indian women of any tribe. No edu
cated or refined people use tha words
'squaw' and 'buck,' and wa adrlsa our
students when they hear them not to pay
any attention to the speaker, but to mark
him or her down In their minds as a per
son of low breeding."
no— I fcad it flrm
ly within my grasp.
"Along with it I
picked up a handful of
»arth. I tossed this in the
air and rode on. The people
watching me thought that I
had failed to snatch the coin.
"They gathered to look for it. It
did not lie where it had been placed. It
must have been driven Into the ground
by my horse's hoofs, they thought. They
hunted In vain.
"For as much as a week following there
were hundreds of Indians from all the
country round hunting every daj» for that
fifty-dollar coin, which to '. them wis
easier than earning the same amount.
They never found it. And I? I will tell
you what became of that coin.
"There was a saloon near by. A place
where one could buy everything to drink
and to .make one merry. That coin had
disappeared from my fingers within five
minutes. I could spare it. But could I
spare the memory of the glorious intoxi
cation it bought for me? Never!" .< './
' It was at the same fiesta that /Pico
made the dishes fly.
"I was on ray horse and was standing
in front of the old women's booths," re
lated Castro. "The old women always set
up little booths with tamales for sale and
baked squashes filled with milk. » They
were standing around as thick, as seeds
in a pumpkin when up dashed
Pico behind me. ¦ He was a boy
then Just as I was. He Jumped upon
the horse behind me. 'Get up,' he cried,
and lashed the horse. It gave a trem n
dous leap and dashed straight through
tho booths, scattering tamales and
stuffed squashes and . dishes and old wo
men on the ground, while shrieks rose all
around. There was a mass of women and
dishes in every direction that we looked.
'Never mind, I'll pay for everything,'
shouted Pico, and on we rode."
Old Majin's stories of early day hunt
ing make to-day's sportsmen yellow
with envy. Throughout Contra Costa
County the canyons were full of elk, and
Contra Costa County included what is
now Alamecla County as well as its
namesake. These elk could be seen run
ning through the great mustard fields,
their horns reaching above the - yellow
tops of the flowers. They would make
tremendous dashes for the oaks of what
is now Oakland and hide among them
when the lasso was in pursuit of their
horns among the mustard.
Old Majin was a famous roper and
rider, as his father was before him, and
his daring led him into risky adventures
plenty of timers.- There was one occa
sion when he was still a schoolboy at
San Jose. He was returning to San
Pablo, where the old Castro ranch .was,
siccompanied by some schoolmates.
"We saw. a bear in a canyon. The
beast was eating a beef which it had
stolen, as is always the way with bears
when they get* a chance. I have little
opinion of bears. We said, 'Let us lasso it.'
•"I v/as always headstrong and headlong
and I rode on ahead, of the other boys
and i dashed straight ' into .the ;-canyon,
making, for the bear. He sat, calmly
eating his beef until. I was almost' upon
him. I He evidently did ' not think ' I was
worth being -disturbed rover. ¦ .
He never went. Hs never had money.
Poor old Majln Castro, tha last of tha fa
mous line, is buried in tha Potter's Held.
He never gave up bis hop* at going to
Mexico. "I shall have money some day
and then I shall go," he kept saytag.
"What better food oonld Tloxxmr havef
Castro said. "It Is the finest of wheat."
He refused over and over again to so to
tha poorhouse and he nevwr did. He was
satisfied to live with his black coffee, his
cigarettes and Pioneer. The horse's man
ger was full of crumbled French bread,
which the baker furnished him after It
had become stale.
Majin Castro never married, but he said
that there were three things on which he
was authority. They were wins, women
and horses. He had the tastes of a thor
oughbred sport. "I am 66 years old In the
day. but at night I am SB," he said once.
."If I ever lose him I shall begin to go
down hill." he said, and, true enough, his
worst fortune dated from the death of the
horse.
His elegant clothes had Ions; ago disap
peared; The one mark of. aristocracy
which he clung to, besides his courtly man
ner, was the wearing of long whiskers
brushed out at each side, In what had
once been known as the "style of the
king." He was dressed in rags, but he sat
his horse like a king as long as he was
able to ride. He. was paralysed after
ward; but for years Oakland knew the
old man as the rider of Pioneer, the great
white horse that he clung to as his only
friend.
"No, for it cost $100. It Is the style now
to wear those like yours, costing a dollar
and a half." replied Majin.
"That hat isn't the styla any more." a
man had said, and laughed roughly at
him.
whether he was clothed or fed. Ha had
worn a hat worth as much, with its band,
its tequila, of silver and gold twlated
about the crown. Once when It was old
and he was poor he had worn the rem
nants of it into a saloon.
tune, had been
h'.s chnms in old
Ba a Franclsoo. He had
once worn 175 calsoneras,
lined with blazln* silk, al
though he died In 75 cent
•overalls that he had with difficul
ty paid for. He had worn a pair
of ataderas, a sort of garter, to fasten
his botas de alia, tho flapping top9 of his
boots. These ataderas had b«en made of
braided sold and silver wire and they had
been worth $100 and a girl had given them
to him, although he was a lonesoma old
bachelor now, with nobody {o car*
'I taught that
Ms capture was to
be a very easy one— it
looked like mere play to
advance and thro.w the rope
over Ms, big: neck. .But he gave
me a surprise. I can assure you
. : . ' Just as I threw the rope he turned
enough to dodge the loop and cause
o™ eStf™ 1 ,? . hIm - ThCn he l00ke<i me
and m >' f^ the fraCt1on ot a seco^
horse right behind me; he drove
his strong claws far Into the anqU ero 3
«h!ch hung as protectors .at each side
of my saddle, and It looked for the mo-
J?ent as if his company was to be
thrust upon nie willy-nilly. I did the
only possible thing and It chanced to
save me. I struck my horse fiercely
causing, him to jump ¦*, quickly that th»
bear- lost Ws hold and tell off. leaving
my poor horse dreadfully scratched. You
may think that I had enough of bear
roping then, but I never did. It had a
fascination which: drew me as lon» aa I
was able to ride and rope at all "
The 196.0C0 acres that constituted the
beautifu] Sobrante ranch had all slipped
away from him long before his death
but he kept up the fancy that It was still
bis.- He had sold parts of It when he
was drunk and claimed It back In rain
when he was sober. The rest had been
deliberately taken ' possession of by the
Americans, whom he regarded as his per
sonal enemies to his dying day. He used
to Insist that the land was still his and
claim that the various squatters owed
him rent for years back.
"I can't collect what they owe me," ha
would complain, "but they will be pun
ished when I die. I am going to will all
the land to the railroad, and the railroad
people will send all the squatters off the
land in short order."
AH the northern part of Contra Ccsta
County .from Grizzly Peak to Martlnea
was his in fancy. Sobranta had contained
its own graveyard, as" was customary
with the old, ranches! When the squat
ters came there . was one woman from
Missouri who settled on that spot most
sacred to old Majln.
"I couldn't make her get off," he used
to mourn. "She wouldn't move, although
I offered her anything she wanted for
that one. spot. It was my grandmother's
grave that she built on." • "
During the last years of his life he lived
around in cheap lodging-houses In- .Oak
land, and was dependent upon what little
he could earn as a veterinary surgeon
who was old and feeble and not always
sober enough to attend to business. Be
sides this, he broke wild colts for hire.
Nobody in all California knew more about
horses than did he. But his Spanish
blood rose when be was called a vaquero.
He would have it understood that he was
no workingman. He was a don, the son
of a don. The early miners, men of for-
iittliiii
UFS OF
1 PRweer 1
AND D^D
I PAUPER-
tar was full of the grease of his manr
feasts, and when tha pole touched him
It worked like a match. His hair Ignited
as If it bad been dipped In oil. He Jumped
away from the fire with a • tremendous
roar, and the last that we saw of him
was . as he ran madly down the Mil, a
beautiful bonfire on legs. . And he bad
left to us some of the jerked meat, fa*
which we were fhanfrfnl I
: "But although that was the last *e«a
of the bear it was not the last heard of
him. As he ran fast through the country,
with Its fields of dried grass, his burn
ing fur set fire to them as- quickly as a
torch," and- the whole of Contra Costa
County was ignited In the most gorgeous
blaze It has ever seen— all because of th*
theft- of a sinful bear."
Majln was educated at the Mission San
Jose, where he studied about as much as
a boy can whose time is* largely taken up
with the cares of riding and hunting and
lassoing. He used to tell of a certain
fiesta at the mission, the most splendid
fiesta of them all, when he made a rec
ord for himself on horseback — a record
which he proudly lived up to during the
most of his life. -< .'
"There was a bad horse at a ranch near
the mission. Nobody could break It. I
was asked to. I said I would and I did.
Then I was asked to ride It at the fiesta
and to try some feats on its back.
"I kn«y that any feats would be dlffl-
the Indians did. I thought It manly. So
I was very proud to He on the bare
ground. One night I lay down in this
way, with a Back of jerked meat under
my head for a pillow.
"In the night I awoke. I f olt that some
thing or some one was near me. I turned
over to look, and there, near by me, stood
a great bear.
"The woods and canyons around there
were full of them, but I was not accus
tomed to their walking: sociably Into
camp In the middle of the night. I was
surprised. I could think of only /one
thing to do; that was to turn over and
keep atUl while the 4 bear did whatever It
might please him tt/do. I was unarmed,
you Bee.
"Therefore, I turned over and lay still.
The bear advanced and came close. I did
not know what he could want of me. but
he seemed to be headed yy way.
"I had turned with my back toward
him. I could hear him stealing closer and
closer, and at last I could feel him snif
fing about ray head. He came so closa
that I thought he was considering what
kind of a meal I should make.
"I felt him nosing my pillow. Then a
tug-— then a larger one. and he had pulled
my pillow of Jerked meat out from under
my head and was making off with hia
.prize. He took it to a comfortable
spot by our fire and sat down to eat
the meat.
"One of the Indians was roused
by this time. He looked and
saw ' the bear. 'Miserable,
worthless, unkind beast!'
he cried. 'You shall be
punished for jour
theft.' Thereupon
THE last of the Castros Is dead.
Old, Majln Castro, the only re
maining son of the' famous Califor
nia Governor, lies burled In the
Potter's Field. He was killed by a
passing train, crushed, mangled, carried
to the Morgue. Nobody was left to bury
him except the Impersonal public.
In the. days of his youth Majln Castro
had ridden the fleetest horses* had daaoed
at the gayest fandangos, had scattered
silver to the poor like crumbs to the birds,
had dined and wined the wealthiest and
most elegant of California's Spanish
swelldom. The Americans, the "worthless
coyotes," as he always called them, had
come long years ago to his native State,
and after that the vast estates of, the Cas
tros had melted away like dew. just as all
the Spanish estates did. Majln Castro
died penniless and in rags.
It was a pathetic death ,and we have to
acknowledge It, even If he did call us hard
names— we, "the enterprising Americans.
Gradually he had seen great wealth slip
through his ifngers — the easy fingers of
the early-day Californian, fingers better
fitted to scatter than to grasp. He began
life as the son of a wealthy man. with all
the privileges that go along with wealth
and distinction; he spent his last years
dependent upon the good nature of any
body who happened to show it. When ho
was killed hie body lay for three days un
identified in the Morgue at Oakland and
was finally laid In the Potter's Field.
After burial his cane and clothing were
Identified by two Oakland people, who
recognized also the photograph which tho
Morgue officials had taken of him.
Castro held a greater stock of old Cali
fornia etoiies than any man hereabouts.
These stories were seldom told, though,
for people la.usb.ed at them. They made
Jun of him when he told of his exploits at
bear killing— he, a crippled old man, how
could he ever have roped bear? And as
for his wealth and his fine friends— why he
was a penniless old mar.; with barely
clothes enough to keep him warm: what
could he ever have known of fashionable
life?
So Majln Castro kept still. He did not
want to be laughed at_ When he went to
a bar he did not tell stories over it. He
had long ago learned his lesson; that
these .stories passed as a joke to his hear
ers, and that they thoupht of him only
as a beccared old cripple. He kept silent
except to a few, a very few who sympa
thized, and It was only when in his cups
that even these could Induce him to talk
about the past with perfect freedom.
For he drank splendidly; he drank lUce
a true old don. And he smoked, too, like
one of the elect. He rolled his cigarettes,
even at the end, ¦when his hands had be
gun to tremble; he rolled them as only a
Sranlard can do.
"As long as I have my black coffee and
my cigarettes I can live," he always said.
But he was wrong. Neither his cigar
ettes nor his black coffee had failed him
v.-hen he died.
It was neither of these, though, that
led him to tell one of his friends the story
of the robber bear. It was the wine that
is red— the wine that drew stories out of
him and made a don of him once more.
/'It happened in the camp on my
father's land," he said. "The old es
tate of my family was the great
stretch of land that covers the
part of Contra Costa County—
1SG.OOO acres of the choic
est land in the whole
State of California,
granted to my fath
er by the Hex-
r X JdLE SUNDAY CALL.
7
THE LAST
OF THE
CASTROSJust as wa climbed «a terra firma Pala
dini drov* up. 'Tm glad to see you alive."
he called out in Ins joDjb Yolce, and ha
As we neaxed th© pier w* tomt forth
the most unearthly shriek. Ea a second
we turned th© side and a vote* called to
us. "Who are your' *Th« Hfenrietta,"
was answered, and en* person shouted
It to another.
Bo, you see. when the clerk t< £h»
weather does his worst h© only pleases
the sea venders. Thes* chaps can stand
anything.- Buffets and, slaps coaly pleas*
them, and there are bat tw» Stand dis
tinctions—land and water.
to top and com*; ra senooSs. riant? cnl
yesterday. Not muoh* to-day."
When we were opposite the Gate the
Alexander was compelled tc acknowledge
defeat. She slowed up and ' we steamed
through and made In the direction of the
craft that was loosing her timber.
"It was rough' yesterday — most rough,"
said the captain as he viewed the wreck
with interest. "Good for us. Flsh coma
added as he shook hands, "You can flsh
any time you please on my boat and take
all the photographs you ple,ase. Any girl
that can stand fifteen hours on a fishing
smack and come in with a smiling face
deserves that."
And the biggest of the big fishermen
was won. MADGE MOORE.
"While the men were busy, they were
not too occupied to fling a, merry word
across the water or to sing in full, round
tones any opera that happened to enter
their - minds. For Italians know music
and they love the best of It, even if they
do spend the best- part of their lives
tumbling about an the waves in Quest of
fish.
The men were busy- sorting- the fishes
and putting them In their own boxes. It
seemed to me that there would be more
waste, but- there is comparatively little.
Even when the net was full to overflow
ing only a few drifted away and those
that tried to were promptly raked in with
the long-handled scoops.
- As it was Friday afternoon the two tugs
came in together. One captain thought
he would give the other fellow a rub and
our sea dog- answered with a vigorous
wave of his hand and a signal to the en
gineer. Away we went. The sea was be
hind us and rather smooth, so we fairly
eklmmed the water. *
The fishing for one day was finished.
Three times during the day they let that
net out and three times It returned laden
with unhappy members of the finny tribe.
Finally the two hundred boxes were filled
way up and there- wasn't a nook nor a
cranny that could possibly hold another
scaly wiggler. . ¦
one day they do the next and are happy
in the.doinz.
Even If these men do pet up at an un
earthly hour every morning and don't get
back in the city in time to see anything
civilized they are a happy crowd. Life
is not full of perplexity for them. There
Is no uncertainty In this and : that and
no planning and disappointments. Every
day is exactly the same.' What they do
There Bat the crew, nine men all told.
By the side of every man, save one, an
American engineer, stood a loaf of bread
and a demijohn. How. that win© did flow
and how that flsh did everlastingly dis
appear. The men laughed and . Joshed— I
suppose— and finally broke into a rollick
ing song. ¦ . \ . •
" "You coma out and geta some flsh. It
is fresh. Just been caught," laughed one
of .the'fellows as he poked his head Into
the pilot-house. !'See," and he held up a
frying pan smoking and steaming- with
nicely broiled cod. ".You bringa th© wine
and de bread and coma along:. We'eata
all the day long. No getta sick," and he
rolled along with the grease in the pan
making a halo about him.
is promptly hoisted amid the sails to dry.
A new one is passed over and the fishing
begins all over again, but In exactly the
same way. Just as soon as the. dry one
is lowered the gulls all fly chattering
away and not one is to be seen until the
net drags heavily. Then they are about
in full force.
After every wlggly^ member. is out that
net is passed to the "other boat, where it
Box after box was filled and when the
net was light enough to lift on deck there
was a general "Yo-heave-ho," and there
she was. As it is so enormous they can't
empty - it as on© ordinarily would. The
center is found and It Is carefully unlaced
and then the two parts drawn apart and
there you are, with flsh, flsh everywhere,
and not a place to step.
Now and then a few would wiggle out
of the net or would drop from the scoop
and qpicker than lightning would be
pounced upon by the other eager set of
fishermen. Some gulls became so sated
that it was almost impossible for them to
fl^ away. They sat on the water like
tame birds and I could reach out any
where and pick them up by the dozens.
Day after day they wait for the flshboats
to Bupply the.ir daily meal and as day
after day passes and they are not harmed
in any way they get as bold as brass.
But how those fellows knew when the net
was nearing the surface was what puz
zled me. They know more than they are
given credit. for it seems to me.
Just when I was wondering whether
they could pull all that weight on board
at once, I saw the sailors run after what
looked to me like immense butterfly nets
that youngsters play with. In a twinkling
they were scooping the squirming mass
out. When the scoop was filled they
pulled a string that was /fastened to the
handle and away went the fish tumbling
one over the other into the boxes that
were standing about for that purpose.
salad graces your festive board. Ami
really, that is not so dreadfully deep,
either. Six hundred fathoms of rope is
now and thon let out when the fish are
particularly lively.
Suddenly a gull commenced to squawk
and instantly his call v/as answered. In
side of five minutes there were thousands
of screaming, croaking birds circling and
circling- about the boats.
"The net coma near. The birds know
it is eat lima," said one of the men in
answer to' an inquiring glance. "See, de
net Is here."
I should think it was. And the fish!
I never expect to see so many flsh at
one time in the course of my natural life
time. There v/cre tons and tons of them.'
All sizes and conditions, almost all varie
ties, even to' qrabs, which objected strenu
ously to their imprisonment.
When the flsh were in sight, the Alex
ander threw us~a second, rope and cast
loose from us, so that the net could be
drawn on board the Henrietta.
Think what It means. Two tugs, four
*teen men, forty miles to sea and fullv
2100 feet down in Davy Jones' locker.
That's what It amounts to when fish or
Three hundred and fifty fathoms. Think'
of it! There are six feet to a fathom, and
350 times 6 makes Just about 2100 feet deep.
Imagine going that far for a tomcod or a
crab for dinner.
"Oh, only about 250 fathoms," the cap
tain answered nonchalantly. "The fish run
deep and we have to fish deep, for them."
"For heaven's sake, how much rope did
you let out?" I finally demanded, after I
had been forced out of one corner and
Into another and out again to make room
for it.
As I crossed the deck I saw. any amount
of rope — simply heaps and heaps of it.
And coil after coil was being thrown from
the drum, and the fish were no nearer the
surface.
Each boat slowly winds the rope up on
a drum with a block and tackle. The
force pulled us backward, and we ran
side by side, with the net tugging and
pulling between us, . for about a mile.
"You no drinka de wine? No? Then
watcha the" fish coma, up," and ha sig
naled to the men that the net was com
mencing to drag heavily.
Ugh! 'Wine, of all things, when that
boat was treating us in such a playful
fashion.
"Coma out and drinka de wine. It maka
you strong— very strong. You f eella bet
ter," said tlie captain, as he hospitably
pushed a demijohn toward us. "Wine's
good for everybody," as the bottle was in
midair.
Both tugs stfam slowly forward for an
hour and a half, or possibly two hours,
just as it happens, but very slowly— just
enough to keep the net from picking up
all the snags on the bottom. During this
time the fishermen eat and drink, and
drink and eat. And then they do it all
over again. There isn't anything else they
can do just then, and they do everlast
ingly make the most of their time.
One ship passes the rope to the other,
and they almost come together. With a
dexterous twist the end of an immense
net is landed on the deck 6f the twin,
and then the two slowly glide apart until
the net is taut.
About 7 o'clock we commence to fish;
not with a pole, nor yet with a tiny net.
Oh, no. This is steam fishing, and is car
ried on in a very extensive manner.
day and carries the fish back at night,
but the twin Alexander Volta goes' out
Sunday mornings and remains there until
the next Sunday.
Bhe was the station boat, and we were
the market one. Our lug goes out every
Just when the sun was coloring the
water we spied another boat. A series of
shrieks started her under headway and
ehe followed In our wake, but near
enough for the men to shont back and
forth. . .;>"
To say the least, it was weird.
When the "potato patch" was reached
the boat eimply stood on end. The billows
were mountains high and we plunged and
tumbled about as though we were a bit of
cork. The waves broke over the pilot
house and the glass splintered into a
dozen . pieces. They reared, foamed and
eplashed, but still the Henrietta plowed
along her course. The lights of the city
In the distance twinkled and played hido
and seek as we mounted a billow and
then sank from sight. The phosphorus
glowed and glistened in the water, and at
limes the deck seemed a myriad of .tiny
lights.
The tailors cast loose and we elowly
entered the stream. Even then It was
rough but beautiful. When we glided
past the v.harf the lights winked and
blinked and our signals answered back.
; "You coma into de pilot bouse later,"
be taid as we bundled ourselves on deck.
" Waita until we starta."
"When the wharf was reached the Hen
rietta lay moored Just waiting for us to
como aboard. The captain was anything
but pleased but thought it wisest to make
the besi of a bad bargain and incidentall/
a number of land lubbers.
The etreets were deadly Quiet. Now
and then a weary belated pedestrian
crawled along with the lamp posts for
company. Every etar was out in the
heavens arid the moon was doing her
very best, altogether it was an ideal
Eight for an elopement, but there wer^
too many people along. .
Friday was the cay set. At exactly
three in the morning the- alarm clock
kicked up z. terrible fuss. At half after
three the carriage came rumbling along,
and we sneaked out quietly and tumbled
over all kinds of cameras, plates and the
rest of the paraphernalia that accom
panies a photographer.
That man knew the ¦wisdom of his
words. A day on a fishing boat is not
what it is popularly supposed to be. And
pet It wasn't so terribly bad after all,
that is, when I stop to think of it now.
tt is like lots of things that are dis
agreeable at the time; reminiscently
funny.
"The ship leaves at four In the morn
ing, you know," said Paladini with a
twinkle in his eye.
"Tea, of course, I know she does," I
answered as blandly as possible. That
teas worse than I had expected. I had
tondly hoped Ehe would pull out about six
cr seven.
"And."' he added, as he handed me a
permit that paved the way for numerous
photographers to board the Henrietta,
"you had better dress yourself warmly
and wear rubber boots."
Heavens and earth! . Would the water
be high enoug-h to make boots necessary.
Perhaps it might he just as well to bid
all my friends a tender farewell.
But there is no rule without an excep
tion. Even Paladini said, "You pester me
too long. I guess you ran go just be
cause you will give me no peace ¦ until
|-ou do. Yes, you can go, but I think one
alp will be plenty."
Paladini is the owner of the fishing
boat a here and plainly he was the man
to eee. When the 6Ubject was broached
be simply threw his hands in the air and
laid, "No, no. It can't be done. No
body has been out for eight years and I
make It a rule not to let any one go- for
tny reason. Particularly newspaper peo
ple. They are too curious. They are too
much in the way."
fou can't get a permit to go"* out' on a
{team fishing- tug. Nobody is over allowed
to go." Whether it was meant as a spur
sr not. I do not know, but nevertheless
that do-it-or-die feeling got the better of
tne and I set about it.
I know. I made it my business to find
nut, and the finding out was one of those
experiences that go to mark epochs io
jne's life.
In the first place everybody said, "Oh,
is one person in a hundred who
tan tell, or who. In fact, has ever stopped
to think about it.
DO TOU know where all the fish
come from that are sold daily in
our markets?
Probably not. I doubt if there
Forty AW^s t© &a
TUgs Th** D^aS a
Net 20D0
Fee* Deep to
Cat'Ch Tons or
F?Sh st
s s^gfe flaw.
THE STTN-DA.Y CALL,.
8
Fishing by
WholesaleInvitations, of course, are issued In tb«
name of the fcrlde's parents or guardian.
They. are a mere announcement engraved
on a sheet of heavy cream paper. ;, The
most approved style as follows:
Right here let 'me tell you of a little
change that has been Introduced lately.
Evening weddings are not nearly as pop
ular nor as fashionable as formerly. The
smart time is high noon. However, as
that hour does not always suit the girls,
Dame Fashion has decreed that any
where from midday to four in . the after
noon is perfectly proper. Haven't you
noticed that nearly all the weddings late
ly have taken place In the day time?
Xnrttattocs, at the very latest, should
be mailed at least two weeks before the
time arranged for the wedding. That
gives one's friends an opportunity to pre
pare a little If they choose.
v i it t\ z j>OXy x sesms to be vwjr
VJ mneh Interested la w«ddlngs.
Iff There la never a time when that
* nb)eot Is not discussed with all
absorbing interest. Of course,
they are celebrated at the home of the
bride's parents or at church. The reason
for these two places Is plain to be seen.
Where else oauld such a ceremony prop
erly take plaoeT
. The ( sltuatlbn of affairs is Just this: The
maid of^ honor is on' tha left; of the bride,
the; best ; naan T on bridesmaids' right.
They ,¦? stand ': a ' little in I the rear . i of ,'¦ the
bridal 7 couple^ and ; the : f ather~ remains ' im-
Then- Is the brldgerooniln evidence. He
slowly" advances, 5 , the bride Blips her hand
from -her : father's • arm, steps forward-to
¦the groom, who takes her right hand and
leadsher Into position before the altar.
j~ That - ts i the time' to hold your breath.
Things look fleridus. ¦
;; The party moves slowly and majestical
ly, and they pay^ ahsolutely no attention to
their, surroundings." fJVyhVn they reach the
fall \ the .ushers "divide, half of . tHem mbY~
lrig'^tb.the left -and' the remaining half to
the right. Naturally the bridesmaids do
the some. ! ~T ." _ ' / .->:.'
The bridegroom and his best man enter
together;* They. -always s.coine Into the
church; by, the vestry door so as. to be In
readiness when the bridal party arrives at
the , chancel rail. .. . .
walks .alone, and last of all ¦ the bride,
who is ori the arm. of her. father or guar
dian. If she has " neither, a brother
answers the purpose, .and once in a long
time the mother walks, with her, but that
is so seldbm ? that It really' does not count.
Once,: too; I ..remember where a girl's
mother walked in the procession,. but that
Isjvery^rare. '. '•' : '.'. ; :: •'-'.' \ "¦' ; '¦.¦¦'
•The procession from the church Is simi
lar to the one going In, but, of coursa.
the bride and groom are together. The
maid , of i honor and the best - man ¦ follow
and the ] ushers and bridesmaids fall in
line.^ Th«T girls used to leave the church
quietly and wlthout_ looking about at all.*
The maid of honor is watching and steps
forward to assist the_ bride j in removing
her glove in order that the ring may be
slipped on with as little delay as possi
ble. The remainder of the ceremony Is
comparatively short 'so the bridesmaid
does not step back but she. stays where
she can raise the bride's .veil from her
face; 3 .'•;."•¦; ".-••' ¦•¦.•¦"¦-. ., ;. ¦--'
The best man has charge of the ring
and produces it at the proper moment.
If he', is* -rattled there Is very apt to be
confusion, and that makes things, to say
the Teast, extremely awkward. ¦
As the father's duty is performed and as
he would only be In the way if he stayed
there longer, he v steps down' -into the
pew, where his wife is sitting and watches
the rest of the ceremony, with the other
people. #
mediately behind the maid of honor or
the bride. Just as he prefers, until the
moment of giving her away. Then he
steps forward and places her hand in that
of the groom. .
¦•The7usherB /always head; the procession;
They walk two by" two* and 'are followed
Immediately ; by the bridesmaids// two tby.
two ;' then comes . the maid of honor, who
All ,"; church weddings arealike; ' > The
same; old "style has been used for. : a long
time.and;Is deviated only in the smallest
things. V Different » arrangements ' of i allow
ing the bride to pass;her cortegejafe. de
cided • upon, % but . the main • idea'-isy faith
fully'carried/out. . ; r; : ;- ; ;
: If :;the • marriage -:Ia to'Xbe '•' celebrated
quietly and .unostentatiously;^ ushers ¦ are
not ; necessary?; but ribbon-bearers take
be i T ; Place.^ Sometimes : children -"are
chosen arid ; makes the Ifceremony
doubly expressive. -As a rule, "adults are
preferred;;; as they can make /themselves
more useful afterward in entertaining?:--'
The - iTldegrooni attends to the clergy
man's feei' provides ; a. carriage; from - his
lodgings to thechurch'and sees that there
Is one f or his . bride to '¦ her/ parents' home
and again one to'carry- them away'flnallyJ
He * lso Selects his best man and provides
for him... Ordinarily the ushTers are friends
of the young people.,
able, pays for them. That, of /course, in
cludes everything— gowns, . hats and : slip
pers. ¦ In case they . are not jjj particularly'
well i off. the [ maids" furnish/ them, ; but • it
strain, as. they must all
be gowned alike.- r v ; ; v ¦ -,-';- '
The bride-elect chooses the costumes. the
maids are to, wear, and if heryparentsjju^
Naturally, It is the /girl's; privilege to
decide whether her 'wedding ; is } to ; be a
quiet little home affair or whether there
is to . be much t pomp • and ' ceremony Sax
the churchi '¦' She also has the right to de;
clde on. the number of persons who shall
form her cortege and she always selects
her maid of honor. If she" has a 'sister
she Is the chosen one. •'. - '¦':' ;•: ¦•.-¦"- '••¦¦:•; .'••• "•¦/¦
¦ If ; it . is a church . wedding ; the bride's
parents provide carriages for - the entire
bridal party, excepting " the groom and his"
best man. ©nee In a while the coupes aro
provided for the ushers by the groom, but
not always. . ; "
And now we have come to the expense
part of a' weddjng, and let me assure' you
that there are plenty' of bills. Little
things ; come up all the time that one
would never dream of.
Please present this card
at the Cathedral
on Friday, April the fifteenth!
try to wedge Into ¦ the ; church ... whether
they are acquainted with the participants
or not.. That only crowds one's ' friends.
In order to prevent that, cards of admis
sion are Inclosed; frequently. They ¦'; are
mere pieces of white card and bear the
Inscription: "
In a city such as" ours, public curiosity
«?3E5^!?^°.Z?iL?'i 8 ?5HJ-?? i * 1^ ll ° d people
It is no longer the proper thing to send
out 1 an invitation to the . entire family.
That looks j as though one were trying to
economize entirely too much. V Don't ad
dress the; envelopes' to Mr. and Mrs. Jones
and ' family. ? Each adult member, of the
family, properly speaking, should , have a
separate Invitation. \..- Y' ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Spencer Smith
request the honor of your presence
at the marriage of their daughter,
Mildred Jane,
Mr. Paul Clarence Boyce, . '
on Friday, April the fifteenth.
at twelve o'clock.
The Cathedral. Van Ness and O'Farreli
Streets. \
Of course, separate cards are necessary
; wfrairene U to be Invited :¦. to the home
- afterward. As a rule, unless It Is' a very
large affair, only one's . most Intimate
friends are Invited, as . the majority of
homes are not large enough to accommo
date a host of people. So in that event
no one should feel hurt when an Invitation:
to the church only is received. It Js
•not a slight and was not Intended as such
unless hundreds of guests have been
asked. • ¦
' Stottttl «< TffVHf «"4 TT*h.ers,
TThat to So at the ZLeoeptlon,
JUbvdt Khtrtng the Expense.
After the last ramble of the carriage
has died away there is nothing more to !
do but to tell the mother how happy her
daughter appeared and to carry away a
tiny box of wedding cake "to dream on,
to steal. If possible, a march on Father
Time and see who your own life partner
is going to oe.'that la, ir you h*v«a't oa« ¦
already.;
Then come the shower of rice, wttlts
ribbon and old slippers. Rice, you know,
means prosperity and prosperity means
happiness.- So the more they carry away.
with them, the better it Is, although as a
rule a bridal couple fail to see - it ex*
actly that way.
Just before the bride changes her go<wn.
In fact on her way upstairs, she stops,
turns around and throws, her bouquet
blindly. If the same person happens to
get the flowers and the ring sh© might
Just as well commence having her own
wedding gown, made, for two such signs
never fall. - '¦_• -. • . -' ' ¦?
. Excitement runs high when the bride
cuts her cake. Every one hopes to find
the ring In bis or her piece, as that means
another wedding In a short time.
The dress of the groom and best man
Is the regulation afternoon dress for gen
tlemen. Frock coat, striped trousers,
white, waistcoat, white silk tie, patent
leather shoes and a silk Mt. -
The maid of honor and the bridesmaids
wear frocks of light color and picture
hats. They often carry an armful of
flowers and ropes of the same are twined
and . Intertwined about the arm. Again,
they carry parasols literally covered with
blossoms. That is very effective, and
during the flower season not expensive.
White Is the proper color, and it is by
far the prettiest and most appropriate
one that could be chosen. . "We think It
must be high in the neck and made with
very long sleeves, but I have noticed in
Paris that the neck Is frequently bare
and that a band answers full well for
sleeves, if that Is smart there it will be
only a matter of time before it will be
stylish here. It really does not make so
much difference about the material,
whether it la costly "or not. It Is the ef
fect that is wanted. .As a nils a wedding
gown answers its mission and Is laid
away In a chest for the . grandchildren.
The veil is what should be considered.
One made of talle Is much more becoming
and infinitely less expensive than lace.
It is fastened with almost anything. Often
with the gift of the groom, which these
days seems to run to diamonds. Orange
blossoms are sweet and symbolic and do
quite aa well, some people think better,
but that is merely a matter of taste.
The frocks, of course.
And now that the ceremony and recep
tion are over there Is^. really only one
thing more to consider; Every one knows
full well what that is.
I have 'never notice*! that any needed
to be shown the refreshnient room. They
always seem to find their way there with
little or no difficulty. I have heard that
the ushers are supposed to take care of
any stray ladies, but I have never no
ticed any that could not take care of
themselves, and do It well, too.
Th« young people are all Important that
night. If there are any strangers to the
bride,, they; are always introduced to her
before her parents are considered. They
are a secondary consideration.
The bride and groom generally stand
In a .swell window or some niche and
their friends crowd about them at the re
ception. And hero again the maid of hon
or * and j best man come In handy. ' They
stand with the bride > and groom and as
sist; them in receiving their guests. The
bridesmaids and ushers distribute «them«
selves about the room and make j them-"
selves generally useful and entertaining.
but lately the bridal party glar.ee arooad
and It la not Infrequent to -see the brido
smtte at some friend who chances to
catch her eye. A wedding of that kind
Impresses one as being: happier than those
where everybody flies out with a long
face. '¦
WHAT TO
DO
AND WHAT
NOT TO DO
AT A
WEDDINGtile Vs-yixr. ¦:''..-¥. call.
v "Now about this work. You see, in the
old-fashioned stand the induction coll is
' attached at the end of the green braid.
Now, instead of having the coil at the
end of the line, in the neyr kind it is
placed in the base of the stand. Tbls
makes the ". apparatus more compact and
thfl Stand, though heavier. Is firmer and
less liable to be broken. '¦'- -
"If I should make a mistake and cross
the wires here the circuit would be a
short and there would be no end of trou
ble.' A person talking In the phone would
"Certainly,. I will answer* any ques
tion," he said, "so long as you don't ask
me the silly questions some folks do, such
as 'How do I manage to dress myself?'
'Who combs my hair?' 'How do I put on
my tie?' 'If I count my steps when I
.walk a block?' 'How can I tell the time?'
and 'How can I see to shave in the
dark?' That's what a fellow asked me
once who was visiting me and who came
Into my room where I was sitting in the
dark, shaving. I have a watch without
a crystal and I can feel the position of
the hands and- tell the time almost to a
minute.
He was taking the. induction coll from
an old-fashioned stand telephone pre
paratory to placing it in the base of the
new style stands which are now made
altogether. I tried to get him to talk of
his work. .
"I would probably be only a lineman or
something of that sort if this blindness
had not come into myllfe. It has brought
all my faculties to a focus and made me
think and study."
And now he Is a fatalllst and . accepts
blindness as part of his life and- accom
modates himself to It, for rebellion haj
taken a back seat -in his heart. "When
your time comes It comes and man can
do anything to hasten or retard It," says
Thomas Nichelson now.
When he first realized that blindness
was to be his lot courage failed him. He
could not face life with. the light of day
gone forever, and his youthful, unfulfilled
possibilities forever wiped out.
He became despondent and tried to take
his life. He wanted to end It all, but
fate miraculously snatched him back.
"I am going to the theater to-night with
the boys. I want to get home and get
cleaned up and take a shave In the dark
and giat down there before the curtain
goes up. I like to hear the whole show."
We watched him dodge the machinery
and followed him to the door, where he
jumped on a passing car and was lost to
sight.
"Isn't he a crackajack?" said one of the
boys. "Did you see him dodge that
truckr* ISABEL. FRASEB.
Nichelson took off his apron and went
straight to the hook where his hat and
coat nuns.
"He uoesn't like to have us help him,"
said one of the boys.
"Good-night, Bill. Good-night, Tom.
Say, you have a new coat, haven't you?
And Jack, you have changed your ring
to the second finger."
"I am rather proud of my record, for I
haven't made a mistake yet, but I am
not boasting and I don't want to get care
less. To be as nearly perfect with my
work as possible — that is my pleasure."
It Is hard to believe that Mr. Nichelson
la blind when you see him walking along
the street with his head up. He walks
straight ahead and people make way for
him just as they do for any man wno
walks fast.
• Mr. Nichelson keeps notes and uses the
weight system of dots and dashes. He
writes from right .to left. The marks
pre.ss through, and when he wishes to
rea'd his notes he reverses the paper and
reads from left toarisht.
••These notes am business notes," he
said as he showed me his book, and pass
ing his fingers along the line he read:
'March 19. Finished the order for ninety
six telephones for Los Angeles and be
gan work on order for same number for
Seattle.' "
it was now 5 o'clock in the factory and
one by one the boys came up and silently
shook hands with the blind man. He felt
each hand and arm and then called the
owner by name.
hear his own voice responding. That
would- just suit some folks. They would
like to hear themselves talking all the
time. .
BLIND WIZARD OF THE TELEPHONE.
A" history of his life and the peculiar,
chain of circumstances that led him to
do this work is interesting. Thomas Nlch
elson did not always live in the world of
darkness.- He used to be a messenger In
the employ • of the - company. He was an
observant little fellow, and as that fac
ulty is usually coupled with a 'good mem
ory, hls'mind to-day is peopled- with pic
tures. The fact of his having seen once
enables him to' get a correct picture of
his work. .When old. phones come In for
repair he sees the dirty tangled wire. and
the unpolUhed surface is apparent when
he runs his fingers ov^r the surface, for
he can tell when the nickel is off. Then he
goes ¦ about L changing the picture ¦ and
bringing a satisfactory one to the fore.
One day, ten years ago, "little Tom Nich
elson.'was' fooling-" with a> copper .wire,
when ; a bit flew oft and lodged in his eye,
and ,: caused •• the loss of Its sight It
waa not long before the other eye became
Inflamed out of sympathy, and both had
to be taken, out.;
Back in the repair shop of the great
telephone factory he sits and works from
8 to 5 daily, adjusting -telephones for the
busy world outside. Great accuracy is
required In making the delicate connec
tions of the copper wire'of the Induction
coil in the base of the stand. One would
think that eyes of the keenest quality
would-be necessary, but this. young man
fixes up from thirty ' to forty per day^ or
over 10,000 a year, besides d<jlng the deli
cate, repair work of the factory, which is
all turned over to him. :
Every stand telephone. used on the Pa
cific Coast passes through the, deft fin
gers, of this blind wizard; who gives to
each '• its' finishing touches before it goes
out into the world to speak for itself. "
But such is the case.
; And you . have certalnlv never
dreamed that this delicate little electrical
world was adjusted for your use by a
blind man*.; ¦•.-..
"V Vf *\ HEN you have used the stand
\ A I telephone you have probably
~\l \y< never thought of the world of
Y V mechanism contained within it.
To correct flatness of the forearm, the
arm is bent and the : hand turned out
ward, the back of the hand being brought
up on a level with the face. In this posi
tion - the arm is twisted and the wrist
bent.. This movement is also for the pur
pose of rendering the elbow joint lim
ber. . It' Is an .important movement, as
from, the elbow to the wrist the line of
beauty should be more pronounced and
the swell of flesh greater.
. When one has arrived at that stage
where nothing is impossible \he follow
ing exercise should be attempted: .
.' Take a two-quart pitcher of water in
the right hand, raise it over your head
and swing "it from right to left in a cir
cle for five minutes; then reverse the
motion from left to v right," holding the
pitcher upright and avoiding spilling the
water.
¦:•;.; , *
body by the arms and toes when lying
'flat oij the floor. .
Melt the wax and add other lngrodleata
slowly, . mixing thoroughly.
When the skin is rough, as often Is th«
case with the back or the upp«r arm,
equal parts of cocoa butter and oil or
sweet almonds Is used with good e£*ct.
This must be rubbed Into the akin till
it Is quite absorbed. Still suothftr rem
edy Is almond paste and honey. Almond
paste can be made at home as follows:
Take one ounce of blanched bitter al
monds and round them in a mortar with
one ounce of starch, then beat in the
yolks of two eggs and twenty drops of
attar of roses and one-half pint of spirits
of wine. For tan or discoloration of the
arms take a little glycerin© and lemon
juice and rub it in with the palms of the
hands; keep rubbing until the skin no
longer feels sticky, then rub well with
chamois leather. This will make the arms
white as milk.
Essence of rose...- 1 dr
Honey 1 o*
Whito wsjc S dr
Rosewater JO dr
Tincture of benzoin 1 dr
Oil of sweet almonds.—......... 8 oa
be showered -with cold water sad
have a brisk rubbing. At night wash Ui*
arms in very hot water, scrubbing them
with a Turkish washing glov« or a small
nail brush, after which they should b«
gently massaged with a cold cream. An
excellent one for the purpos* is mads of:
Both hands and arms being trained,
next take a two-quart pitcher of water
in each hand, and make the movement
with both simultaneously, being careful
that the rapidly revolving pitchers shall
not touch. The vessels must cross each
other's orbits at different angles. „.-, . : •
This Is the best developing exercise
for the arms" that can be imagined; it
also develops the muscles of the neck
and back. When perfect in the exercise
It will be possible to perform the neat
little centrifugal experiment of the whirl
ing of an open dish of wate*r rapidly
around the head without' spilling a drop.
A few months of this exercise will per
fect the arms of even a delicate woman
most beautifully and increase her physi
cal strength to a point where she may
without effort control her entire house
hold. A. husband who sees his : wife
whirling several quarts of fluid around
her head with the grace and lightness
of a butterfly upon the wing 1 will hesi
tate about differing with her in mere
matters of opinion.
After these movements the arms should
"When this can be accomplished with
ease and accuracy with the right hand,
change the pitcher, to the left hand and
go through with the same motions,
from left to right, and as facility is ac
quired, reverse the motion from right to
left. More practice will be found neces
sary with the left than the right hand.
nearly as possible at right angles with
the body. Swing in this way at the rate
of about fifteen movements to the minute.
The shoulders must be swung with the
arms, or the exercise will have little
value. The hips must keep their natural
position, and not swing with the shoul
ders.
Another movement for the upper arm,
and for the lifting muscles as well:
Raise both arms slowly, until they are
in the position shown in illustration No. 2,
then perform half circles with the hands,
by turning them back and forth. The
muscles must be held rigid. For giving
the back part of the upper arm a difficult
piece of work to do. stand about two feet
from a wall, just at a level with and op
posite the shoulders. Keeping the heels
all the time on the floor, let the body set
tle forward until the chest touches the
wall, keeping the elbows near to the sides,
the knees never bending a particle, and
the face upturned; now push sharply off
from the wall until the elbows are again
straight and the body at .vertical. Repeat
these movements many times daily. De
scribing a circular movement with each
arm. many times in succession, and ex
tending the arms forward, outward and
upward, at least twenty times in succes
sion, is admirable work for forearms, up
per arms and shoulders.
What is called the windmill movement
with dumbbells is also admirable forearm
development; It is a continuous motion
backward as well as forward, with one
arm, and with both arms simultaneously.
The motion with .both arms begins with
the arms hanging down; they are then
raised forward till they reach a vertical
position the thumbs being pointed up
ward ; the arms are lowered in as large
circles as possible.
The turning motion is admirably adapt
ed for giving soft, sinuous curves; double
both hands until they look like pugilists'
fists, and hold them before the chest;
lower the clinched hands and straighten
the arms out on a line with the body,
with tte palms upward. This makes a
turning of the entire muscle of the arms.
Then turn the '.arms In the opposite direc
tion, bringing them to the front of the
body, and finish by leaving the clinched
hands where they started from. This Is
particularly for Increasing' the sizo of the
upper arm.
It Is well to bear in mind that If the
right side of the body is used much in
playing games, some minutes daily should
be spent in practicing the left arm and
side to correct any 'tendency- to one-sided
ness. - •'¦'¦.--
An exercise which ¦ develops all the
muscles from shoulder to tips of fingers
is the corkscrew movement. Stretch up
one arm at a time, and with the hand
twist the muscle, starting at the shoulder.
This produces a series of corkscrew or
eplral curves that are really beautiful. A
certain actress who has classically perfect
arms keeps • them in condition by. just
such exercises.- She also spends some
time, every day rajsing and lowering. her
One movement which not only coaxes
rurves for the arm. but also adds to
:he shapeliness of shoulders requires a
wand, which should be grasped by the
hands extended above the head. Swing
the arms and shoulders in unison, first
forward and then backward; extend the
arms at fullest length until they, are
May I suggest a few exercises, which,
if taken regularly, are bound in time to
improve the shape of the arms. In the
morning, after being partly dressed and
before the corsets are put on, is the
ideal time for any muscle-developing
exercises, for at night one is apt to be
fatigued.
Onp, however, cannot hope to attain
proper artistic proportions and correct ar
tistic curves by a spasmodic devotion to
athletics. Daiiy exercise for twenty or
thirty minutes is essential to give a wo
man arms fit to be modeled for a Hebe.
Kor must the exercise be violent — that
would only develop the muscles at the
expense of curves.
When It comes to measurements with
a tape line, however, authorities differ
upon the point cf the correct length of
the arm; it may vary from 2S 7-20 inches
to 29 7-10 inches an^j not offend the lover
of a mathematically correct form. The
aim of the woman who is devo'ted to
who goes in for fencing, for
irFtance, should h#ve the latter measure
with the length from shoulder to el
bow 13 1-5 inches; from elbow to finger
tips, lCv> inches; around the upper arm,
J3t4 inches; around the forearm, 9 15-16
inches; around the wrist, 7 7-16 inches.
The woman who fences, plays golf, or
In the pursuit of homely household duties
wields a broom, has much more grace
fully rounded arms than her sister who
seldom, if ever, exercises her arms. This
suggests the necessity— does it not— of a
daily devotion to some kind' of athletics?
Arour.d elbow 315,4, inches.
Around wrist 6 inches.
(Copyright, 1902, by the S. S. McClure Co
ellOUND and flowing outline with p.
-constantly changing curve from
shoulder to elbow, from elbow to
wrist— this Is beauty's recipe for
a perfect arm.
The arm at the shoulder is just as im
portant as the arm at the wrist; a shapely
shoulder sloping quickly from the throat
to the arm. It goes without saying that
the flesh must be white, with a skin soft
and smooth as satin itself. The arm
should be rather short, particularly frota
shoulder to elbow, the iatter being dis
cernible, not from the joint, which natur
ally must be there, but from the bewitch
ing dimples which play hide and seek in
the curves of the soft, white flesh with
other dimples disporting themselves dt
the weH-rounded wrist. It is in the wrist
mainly that we have difficulty when we
art looking for perfection. The bone is
utually too conspicuous both at wrist and
elbew. not being sufficiently cushioned
with flesh— too much flesh, however, does
not necessarily make a weil-rcunded arm.
The following are the proportion for
an arm fit for a sculptor to model, and
which, perhaps, if not already possessed
of, one may attain unto by daily extr
ciw::
Length of arm from shoulder to finger
tips 287-50 inches.
Length of arm from shoulder to elbow
Length of arm from elbow to finger
Around upper arm 10 inches.
Around forearm 6?i inches.
10
THE
BEAUTY
QUESTlO—l^one.
11— Rather large, C
12— Walks with a firm stfep.
13 . . . -
14 — American or English. ¦. " !
15 — Spoke about the faculty of having a
good memory. . He said that if any one
of the class saw him on the street to ask
him if he remembered seeing them be
fore. If he could not remember/ seeing
you before, then you would have the
laugh. He said that the faculty of mem
ory could be mastered by application, and
that it would be a good thing to be able
to remember dates and faces: of people.
He was glad to see so many happy faces. 1
MYETYL MIGEL, , ,'f
Hamilton Grammar.
1— I do not . know his- name.
2 — I should judge about thirty-five or
forty. : . ' ¦¦ . ¦ •¦¦; :'-. "./]
3— About 6 feet tail; about 180 pounds.
v 4— Blue. ,
5— Black. '-¦-••, • . ,
6— A moustache.
7— I did not notice any.
8— Itjs long,': and his forehead is high.
. 9 — ...*••'.. ' ) •¦' . '..
10— I noticed no jewelry worn; by him.
11 — His hands! are well shaped, with
12 — He takes^ long steps."
13— The way he wears his hair.
. 14— An American. /
15— He said : that we should ¦ always try
to remember the things we see and hear.
To always remember the people we meet,
so as to know them again. He said he
would try and remember -us, so If he
would meet us he would • know us, and
wanted us to try and do 'the: same.
WILLIE HAYS,
Hamilton Grammar.
1— I don't' know! '.'•"
2— Thirty-six years old.
3— He is 5 feet 11 inches and weighs
about ISO pounds. ...
A — He has blue eyes.
5— His hair is black.
6— He has a beard. ,
7— He has none. Wp^sp^gs
S— His ;face is long and his forehead Is
high.
9-No. - ... ...... ..".
10— He wears a ring on his right" hand.
11— His hands are large and -the fingers
fat and. long. .- . ••¦:¦'" f ,, • .' • .
12— His walk is a steady one. ¦
13— He looks like an average man, " His
voice" is. kind .of deep arid-; gruff and he
has a side -beard from his ears to the
chin. . , -^
14— He is an American.
15— He told us that he had to observe
the manners and peculiarities • of -the
people he met and that ;he wanted us
to do the same. He told us that 'some
day we might be millionaires or wives of
millionaires and that we would then have
to notice the different people, and he told
us that if any one of us were to meet him
we ¦ were, to ask him where he. 1 saw:- us.
JJjtlA;M:ANSEAXJ,y
Hamilton Grammar.
l-Don't knbw.\ . . -
3— About 5 feet 9 inches, 178 pounds. -
.5— Light brown. ;.
&--A; moustache (and! side). - ;
7—Don't know. .
8-^Face is long, forehead high. ; - : .
¦10— A watch chain and ring.
11— Not very, large.
.12— Rather, last. . .
,13— (Don't know any.) He talks ¦ loud
and ,. fast. • c iQ£5|ffl!SBil|sJ ¦ /
14— American. ;• . -,-¦ \ .'"' - I-' . .:• v
15— To try and remember. everything we
heard and saw during' day and always re
member dates and faces: <\
LYDIA ALTHOTJSE, .
Mission Grammar.
2— He is between 35 and 40 years of age:—
. 3-^He israbput- 6. feet: high : and weighs '¦
about -150, pounds. '- , ,. •' • ¦'•¦< o "'
4—His eyes are, blue. . '¦' ¦„,
5— His hair. is dark. brown: /
:6— He has a" mustache.. ' ¦ ' '-
7— He. has no noticeable scars, on hi3
hards r or , face. v- . :„•,:* , . .
8— His face is long, and his forehead , Is :
high. . ••• ;¦• • . r\' '-.-. . .
,9-rTes. ..-...• ¦..¦¦¦.¦•"¦ ' . :. ;'-. .. ' ¦ '
. lQr-He wears a watch, chain and ring.
.11— His .hands arc ipretty large.
. 12-^Ueitakes- long 'steps "and light.
'•: 13— He - is . hrjpy s and t friendly. ..
H— He, is. an American.
15— He said that if we met him on. the
street we should : say,. "How do • you do,
sir?" and ask if he does not remember us
at the .Lincoln School" on Wednesday,
March 12, 1902. .He said that _ the girls
would perhaps^ become happy wives "of
millionaires. We "should always remem
ber what we see or hear, and when ,ve
ccme home from school we should think
of everything that happened during the
day. . .--... -.-!:.- . ¦-:-.. \ : .
ALMA. RUDOLPH, .
Mission ;Grammar. ¦?.*.? /
1— Chief of Police Wittman.
'2— About 40 years old.
/. 3— Height, .5 feet 9 inches; .weight, 160
4— Gray eyes. \ a
5^-Brown hair, tirfged .with gray. '
,6— Mustache. ' ' ' •• •
7— No-scars. - ', ¦¦ •.-¦ . -. ¦
8-fFace long, oval; ; forehead high.'s'J*'I@w
9— In 'public life he'wears a uniform blue,
with the stripes of. a Chief.*: ,¦ ./
10— A stud" In shift front and airing.' *
11— His hands were medium . size.
; 12— His carriage is very erectV and he
. 13 — I ¦ do ¦ not know.v.
.¦-14— An, American. .,-. ." .¦•'. '¦ :
. 15— He' said i, that -we' should" train our
eyes and memory, andthatwe should ob
serve 1 everything and .remember it; that
some '. day ' one of . . the « young • „ gentlemen
might become . a : second ;. Pierpont Morgan
and the young ladies might become wives
of millionaires and. that they might have
many things, to attend to, and that if we
should meet, the gentleman on the street
we -should step up. to "him -and ask him if
he;: remembered" us, ;and? if; he • said yes
that' he saw us at . Lincoln school,Wednes
day ..March 12, then \we should know- that
he practiced what. he preached.
CH ABLES J. HALLO WELL,
' Mission Grammar. • ;
; 1— 1 ; don't ; know.
' ¦ 2r r About ' 45. ,
• 3-rHeight •• 6 -feet -1 inch. -Weight ' 205
£-He had * a mustache and ; a growth '• of
haii on the side : of his , cbeek3. .
%"irr No. >-V>' ¦-:• ¦; ¦ " '¦
S— He had a well-formed, round face and
a forehead that I should judge was
neither high nar low. but medium.
- 9 — r noticed no peculiarity in his dress.
He ¦¦wore a black suit with a cutaway
coat.- ...:.... - .
1C— I noticed no jewelry except a gold
watch chain,- the- "style which extends
across the vest from pocket to pocket. '
11— He had large hands,' but not over
large for a man his size. -
12— 'He .walked ' with a long, even step.
13— The thing that attracted my atten
tion was his size and the hair on the side
of. his cheeks or Burnsides, and that lit
spoke in a loud . voice.
. 14— He Js , a German-American.
15— He snoke to us on the subject of
cultivating our faculties, .especially that
of our n.emory, and advised us to take
particular notice of our surroundings, to
make mental notes of dates, names', faces,
etc. He spoke as though he had done this
himself,.- and asked us to come up. and
speak to him if we ever met' him on tho
street; and if he did, not say that he had
seen us at the Lincoln School, February
12, 1902, the laugh would-be on him. He
also told us to think over ev^ry night
what had transpired during the day."
WILLIAM CB AIG,
Clement Grammar. . :
.¦ . 1— John Wlttman. , .
2— Age about 34 years.
, 3— Height' 5 -feet 8 incbe3; 164 pounds.
4— Light gray eyes.
5— Light chestnut color hair.
6— A • mustache.
. 7 — No scars. •
&— Sloping forehead-, very, high; long,
pointed nose; well-rounded chin. -
9 — I'have'seenhim in a full- uniform of
a captain of police, and once. I saw him
on a Kearny-street car in citizen's clothes
10— He had- a watch, fob." ; -
11— His hands were white and he had
long lingers. . ,.
v 12— He walked stately, and held hi3 head
In a hlgjh position and hera his. shoulders
in a square position. . .
13—He. looked straight into the eyes of
the oerson ¦ he was < addressing, and his
eyes are ver";keen. -
14— An American.
lor-He, said we should , notice every
thing " that Lwent on during the day, and
to look into. the. faces of people we should
pas>s; and.ct ni«:ht we should recall ail
12— He walks softly and erect.'
iZ— None. • ,.
U— 7-le is- an' American.
15— He caid that iic took particular no
tice cf everything ,and its surroundings,
that bz tooit notice oi everybody and was
wwfftf >| » i h M"ft>i< | rtiii iB i ¦
¦ - . • .- ¦
Mr- His face Is long and his forehead
bigli.
3-No. . >
10— He wears a plain gold band ring, a
diamond shirt stud and a watch chain.
13— Kis hands are kind of reddish, pretty
and Tvel! proportioned.
WINNIE E. BELL,
Lincoln Grammar. .
1—1 do net know.
2— Ke is 40 years old.
3— He is 6 feet 2 inches In height and
treighs 200 pounds. , <
4— He has Heht blue eyes. /
5 — His hair is light brown.
6— He has a mustache.
7— He has r.o noticeable scars.
1— I don't know.
2— About 39 years. /
3— Height 6 feet 2% inches ; weight about
190 pounds. '/.*'¦'
4— Blue.
5 — Brown.
6— He has a mustache; no beard.
7— No.
S— His face is long and not wide for its
length. His forehead is high. '
£1— He wears a blue suit.
10 — He wears a gold watch chain and I
should judge a watch which was hidden"
in his lower vest pocket, and a gold ring
on his finger.
11— His hands are long and otherwise
veil shaped.
12— He walks with a quick, short step.
13— There is no peculiarity of the man
otherwise ¦ than his height. He is quite
unusually tall.
14— Englishman.
15— He said, "I did not Intend to detain
you so long and Intended to come with
Miss Fraser sooner, but owing to circum
stances which no one can help I was kept
away. My business compels me to take
particular note of the characteristics of,
persons, things and actions which I see'
on tire street, in my house and in public
buildings every day. I want you boys and
Clrls to take note of all you see and hear,
i iind when you go to bed at night to re
call to memory all that has happened
since you arose in the morning. I like to
ti-ke note of a person and like a person
to take note of everything on me. I wish
every one of you to see if you ever notice
me on the streets, and if you do, come up
to me and say, 'How do you do, sir? Don't
you know me?' and if I don't say, 'Yes.
1 saw vou at the Lincoln .School on
Wednesday, March 10,' why then you will
have the laugh, en me. I am glad to-day
to see you all with bright, smiling faces
and attending to what is going on. No
one knows but what some day you shall
be a J. Pierpont Morgans or the girls the
v.ives of some millionaire, which all come
fit-m tending strictly to the business on
Land. I hope to see you soon again, so
cc&d-by." These are the extracts from
his speech, so far as I can recollect.
SICHABB FELCHLIN,
Lincoln Grammar.
WILLIAM BOYLE,
tf Lincoln Grammar.
I— I do not Know.
2—1 do not know. for. certain; about' 35
years old.
3— I do not know for certain; about 6
feet tall, and weight 175 pounds,
r 4— What's the color of his eyes? Brown.
5— Light brown. \ .
C— A moustache.
¦ 7-No. ' ;"..; C--V '• ¦ ',-•.'¦'¦¦
8— Long face, "with .high forehead
8-No.*.. ¦¦'¦¦ ;•• . - . •¦; .¦ -1 •
1 — I do not know. -
2 — About 40 years old.
3— About 6 feet in height, and weight
about 200 pounds.
4— Blue.
&— Light hair. Not very light, but be
tween dark and light.
6-A moustache. ; j
7 — I did not see any. (
8— Long face; foreheap' high. ,—-. •
10— A gold watch chain and watch (don't
know whether silver or gold).
11 — Hands are somewhat large, with
middle-sized lingers. ¦
12— Upright, quick walk. - ,.
IS— A peculiarity very noticeable was
that of his eyes.
•14— A native of the United States.
15— In his remarks he spoke mainly of.
the cultivation of our mental faculties by
keenly observing all things which pass
our vision or sight each day, such as pass
ing to and from school; also at night to
think over them and make a mental note
of same. Also said, that in his business
he was compelled to meet a great num
ber of persons, and always took an inter
est in them and thought that we also Took
an Interest, and, in order . for > us to see
that he practices what he. preaches, he
asked us If at any time we met him | to
speak to him thus: ."How ' do you. do,
sir? Don't you remember me?" and to
see if his answer will be somewhat like
this: "I met you at the Lincoln School,
Wednesday, March 12." Then,\ if not, the
laugh would be on our aide.:
Then, the young gentlemen : present
might be Pierpont Morgans of the future
or the young ladies wives of millionaires
or noted men entertaining people and so
ciety, and that It\ Is well not only to re
member names, but also faces.
pleased when he was noticed. He said
that a person that gave their attention
to everything were the best. He said that
some of the young gentlemen and ladies
would marry- millionaires and have a
great position In life, have a fine estab
lishment and a great deal to think about.
He said he would like to have a longer
talk with us some other time on this sub
ject. He said a good memory is a fine
thing to have and that we should culti
vate it so that If we see again something
we have seen before we may be able to
tell 'where we saw it and all abouWt. He
eaid that if v/e ever see.him> just go up
to him und ask him if he remembers us,
and if he can't- say at the Lincoln Gram
mar Schoo!. March 12, we may have the
laugh on him. .
LOITCSE EOGEES,
Lincoln Grammar.
QUESTIONS AND CORRECT ANSWERS
• •-•-•.' 'W • fi^S
1 — What is his full name and how is it spelled? Ans.— George Walter Wittman-. iy--
2 — How old is he? Ans. — 44 years S months. . ' ; , ~ ' - " jr^' ;
- what is his Ktight and weight? Ans. — Height C feet . 2% , inches,! • weighti. ¦225
pounds. ¦ -— . . • '=;£ . '-^ r -* r
4 — What is the color of his eyes? Ans. — Grayish blue, keen anS' deep set. .•{*'-.'¦
Z What is the cojor of his hair? Ans — Medium shade of brown. No noticeable
gray. • , .¦•'¦
i; Kas he a beard or a mustache? Or both?. Ans. — Brown mustache," short brown
side whiskers.
7 Has he any noticeable scars on his face or hands? Ans. — No scars on either
face or hands.
$ Describe the peculiarity of the face. U it round, long, and is his, forehead high or
low? Ans. — Face is lens, large nose; fair, healthy complexion; pleasant smiie; fo.-e.
hcad particularly high and broad. f
y — Have you ever notice! any peculiarity In dress, either in public or in private life?
Ans. — Wears black cutaway coat and vest, black trousers, black derby hat, /White shirt
with standing cc'iar, ends turn-.d over slightly, black bow tie. white cuffs, black shoes.
10 What jewelry does he wear? . An?. — Pearl shirt stud, gold collar button, .-ma-l
licked gold watch chain von across vest, plain gold cuff links, a gold ring on little
finger of right hand set with two diamonds and a ruby, in the center in star-shaptd
settings, gold watch.
11 — Describe his hands. Ans. — Hands good sized, long and tapering: wears an 8%
glove. //
X2 Describe his walk. Ans. — Very erect, walks with military air. takes long steps.
13 Mention any peculiarity of the' man that would be noticeable to a casual ac
quaintance. Ans. — Impresses one as an unusually large man, probably berauss cf his
height and large frame. In s conversation his earnestness and directness, both in talk
ing and listening, are noticeable traits. ~~ I
U — What is his nationality? Ans. — He is an American.
I 15— What did he say to you? ,'
This faculty is necessary to every one in whatever line of work he may
be. The perceptive faculty is a good one for boys and girls to cultivate, and
like others it can be mastered only by application.
Success in. life in every line depends on application to the matter in hand,
and this faculty is a very essential one in all lines. These young men here
may be the Pierpont Morgans of the future and these young* ladies the wives
of millionaires. Large duties will de volve on them. You may have to enter- c
tain large companies and you must remember the names and faces of your
guests. This brings in the' faculty of observation and memory. In fact, in
ail walks of life the leaders are those that have risen through strict atten
tion to details, which is a great factor of success.
When you get home at night try to remember what transpired during the
day— each "little event— and the people you have come in contact with. Culti
vate the habit of remembering dates: and faces.
I hope to see you again some time and talk to you .individually on differ
ent subjects. You are looking. at me and I am looking at you, and I hope t
we will know each other next time we meet. When you see me on the street
come up to me and see if I can remember you. Come up and say: "How
i^.o you do? Don't you remember me?" fcee if I say, "Yes, I met you at the
Lincoln School Wednesday, March 12." That .will put me to the test. See. if
1 i-ractice what I preach. If I don't remember you, then you'll have the laugh
on me. Good-day. . -..-.¦'
1AM glad to be with you this afternoon, but first let me apologize. I am
sorry to have kept you waiting so long. We were to have been here
sooner, but circumstances over which neither Miss Fraser nor myself had
any control prevented us from being here on time.
I am glad to look Into your bright, earnest faces. You look interest
ed. I like to notice people and I like to have people take notice of me.
Mv business Is one that requires me to notice closely people and their
peculiarities— their habits, and In fact everything that comes within my ob
servation. I have to pay close attention to details and store them up in my
mind and be able to recall them at any moment.
EXACTLY WHAT HE SAID.
lhat had passed. And he 3ald he was,
vfcrv glad to see us with bright faces, and
he hoped he should be able at some/ time
in the future to see us individually; and
he said to have us ask him where he saw t
us at, at what time or place, and he
would answer "At the Lincoln School on,
Wednesday, ftfarch 12." He said: "Above
all, we should have a good memory. '
ALICE BOOHEY,
Mission Grammar.
1 — I do not know.
2— He is between forty and forty-five.
3— He is about six feet two to three
and weighs about one hundred and ninety
pounds.
4 — Brown eyes.
5— Black hair.
6 — He had a black mustache.
7— I did not notice any scars on hi3 face
or hands.
8— His face was round and hi3 forehead
was high.
9— Yes. /\
10 — I do not know what jewelry he wore.
11 — He had large, fleshy hands.
12— He walked rapidly, not taking very
large steps.
| 13— His height would be noticed.
14—1 believe he is an American.
13 — He spoke to us on 'the subject of
memory. We were to notice people, the
dates we saw those people and where we
saw them. If ever we saw this man on
the street we were to ask him if he knew
us and where he saw us.
¦
CATHERIME KELLY, t
Clement Grammar.
1— I don't know.
2 — Forty-one years old.
3— Six 'feet tall;' ISO - weight.
4 — Blue eyes.
5 — Black hair, or dark brown, j
6— Mustache.
7 — He had r.o noticeable scari
S— Long face; high forehead.
9—
10 — Ring and a match fob.
12 — ......
13— He Is very tall and has a peculiar,
long face.
14-English.
IS— He said he wanted us to notice the
people iluu we met; at night to think over
everything we hud done or saw during
the day; to think over what we had seen
on our way to school. If we should ever
see him on the streets of San Francisco,
to go up to him and speak to him and a.sk
him if he didn't remember us, and if he
didn't say yes, he met us at the Lincoln
school, Wednesday, March 12. that we
would have the laugh on him. He also
said he hoped he could see us again and
have, a longer talk with us on the subject.
ALFBED HUMPHBETTS,
Clement Grammar.
1— Captain of Police John Wittmann.
2 — 45 years.
3—5 feet 3 inches; ISO pounds.
4 — JBluc eyed.
7 — No noticeable &cars.
8 — Face long; forehead high; square chin
and prominent nose.
9— No peculiarity in dress, but very clean
linen.
10— Jewelry, gold cuff links and collar
button, watch and chain.
11 — Hands large, with tapering fingers.
12— Carriage' very erect and self-pos- '
sessod.-
IS— In walking his body is held very stiff
and erect.
14— Nationality, English or American.
15— He spoUe of remembering facts | con
cerning: our daily life, and also of taking
notice of minute, things, such as dates and
faces, and that if we ever 3aw him again
to come and ask him where he re- ,
membered he had seen us before.
HAEEY COLETY,
Horace Mann Grammar.
2— A man about 39 or 40 years of age.
3—5 feet 11 inches.
4— A sort of dark green.
. 3 — A very dark black.
6 — He had a black mustache.
7 —
8 — His face is somewhat long.
9— ¦..-•. ¦ •
10— He wore a stud in h!s shirt.
11 — The hands were of soft white, slight
ly wrinkled.
13— He hnd a somewhat heavy step.
13— A man having a number of scars.
14— He was born in America.
15 — His first statement was about re
memmebing everything that occurred that
should be remembered. One of the things
necessary to get along in life is to be
able to recall anything of the past and
the date. He wished that if we met him
on the street we would go up and speak
to him. .It is a good thing to be able to
give a description of anything you see and
make it so clear that the person to whom
you are talking: can thoroughly under
stand the subject.
G. CABKOLL,
Horace Mann Grammar.
1— Chief of Police Captain Whittney. ¦
2— His age is atout 1j years.
3— His weight is about 130 pounds and
his height is ti feet 2 inches.
6 — He had a small patch of hair on each
side of his face up in front of hi3 ear
which extended down about one inch.
7 — He has no scars.
8— He has a very large face and it 13
quite long with a very high forehead.
9 — He wears a star on both occasions.
10— He wears a ring. (
11 — His hands are large with long
fingers.
12— He takes a very large step and
walks with a slow step. x
13 — Anybody on first seeing, him would
be sure to notice that he Is very large
and striking.
14— He is an Englishman.
15— He said to be very noticeable and
to always notice carefully anything you
saw. He said that everybody did not have
a good memory, but that you could culti
vate one by always keeping account of
the things you saw and that when you
are home in bed 'that lyou should think
over the things that had transpired dur
ing the day. He also said that If we
saw him on the street to come up and
speak to him and tell him where we had
seen him, the day, date and year. He
said that if he did not remember us the
joke would be on him. He especially said
that we should remember anything we
sa\« or heard. . — . .
ADELAIDE KILLGOBE,
Horace Mann Grammar.
1— Chief of Police Whitman. .
3— Five feet nine inches; 151 pounds. ,
5— Medium shade of brown.
ft— Side whiskers. . -
7— No.
8 — A long, face and high forehead.
*— In public life in police uniform.
10-^One ring on his little finger (right
hand).
11— Rather long fingers and rather a
large hand. .
12— Slow yet firm and decided, as If
whatever he undertook he managed in
some way to accomplish.
13 — Pleasant face. ¦
14 — Scotch-American. '
' 15 — He spoke to us about noticing people
we come in contact with In our daily life,
and after a day Is over try and go over
the persons or things we have seen dur
ing that day or what occurred. If wo
should meet him on the street see if we
could remember him, where we had seen
him and on what occasion. If we be more
careful in noticing people we meet it may
in our after life be a benefit to us, or if
some we ; have met should become great
men or women it might be a great pleas
ure to us to remember meetings them
when young.
AliAKIC MESSIEJR, "\
Clement Grammar.
1— I don't know.
2— About 38 years.
3 — Height 6 fest, four inches welzhfc
170 pounds. . WCJ * ni
4— Blue.
5— Dark brown.
6 — No.
8— Long face. hl&-» forehead.
9— No. , \
10 — Rings on fingers.
11— Skin is dark nnd fingers are long.
12— Walks erect and with a firm step.
13— He invites one to be familiar, which
is peculiar to a stranger.
1-^-He Is German. "
15^-He spoke to us about remembering
things that were of daily occurrence . He j
told us. to try and cultivate our memory./
A MEMORY TEST FOR A PRICE
HEBE is the first installment in
a memory test for a prize. It
is not only unique; it is ex
ceptionally important and interesting
to parents and children alike.
Or. Wednesday afternoon, March
12, a representative of The Sunday
Call arranged, through Super
intendent of Schools Webster,
to have forty pupils— eight each
from the Lincoln, Clement, Ham
ilton, Horace Mann and Mission
Grammar Schools respectively—as
sembled in one of the classrooms of
the Lincoln School to listen to a short
talk by Chief of Police Wittman, and
to reproduce the same as a memory
test, together with a minute descrip
tion of the speaker as an observation
test.
The children— the brightest and
cleverest in their classes — were equal
ly divided as to sex, four boys and
fotfr girls from each school, but the
object of the meeting was kept a pro
found secret from them. Not one of
them knew whp.t they were to do,
who they were to meet, or what they
would say. It was to hi a memory
test pure and simple, with absolutely
nothing to put them on their gpiard
befcre it began. They did not even
know that there was to be a reward of
merit. They were told to report at
the Lincoln School and await develop
ments — nothing more.
The Chief was unavoidably de
tained by the Grand Jury and arrived
half an hour late. He was ushered
in with the brief introduction, "This
gentleman will say a few words to
you." Without any prelude he made
the brief speech which was taken
down verbatim and which will be
found elsewhere on this page. Then
he left immediately.
After he was gone the children
were- given the fifteen questions, also
reproduced on this page, and asked
to answer them as nearly correct as
possible. The result is, surprising.
Children are SRid to be even closer
observers of personal peculiarities
than grown-up people, and as Chief
Wittman is p. man of most notable
appearance, he was a good subject to
test their receptive faculties. The
impression he made on some of the
pupils is astounding. One boy
thought, after the Chief had gone, that
be was about 7 feet high.and weighed
about 150 pounds. Others couldn't
remember a word of what he had said,
while still others gave good answers
to all th? questions.
The test is truly interesting us
showing the value of school training.
As. a reward the five children who
gave the best answers will be taken
to the Lick Observatory • on Mount
Hamilton by The Sunday Call, be
cause such a trip presents exception
ally fine educational advantages, be
sides affording a pleasant outing. As
a supplementary reward a prize of
$15 will be given to the boy or girJ
who writes the best description of che
trip. Watch for the second install
ment next Sunday.
'i'tJHYii) <JA ?jL '
11TO CUT A PEAR IN HALF.
time; an* Jeff don't know I'm hovering*
near at all. Jeff's reedie'lous fond of fish
in'; which he'd sooner fish than read
"Paradise Lost."- I!m romancin' . along,
slm'larly bent, when I notes Jeff perched
on the bank, j To my boyish imagination
Jeff at once turns . to " be - a Paynim. ' I
drops my bait box, couches my fishpole',
an' -emittln' a Impromptoo warcry,
charges him. It's the work of a moment;
Jeff's onhossed an' falls into the branch.
" 'But' thar's bitterness to follow vicfry.
Jeff emerges, like Diana from the bath,
an' f rales the wamus off me with a club.
Talk of puttln'. a crimp in folks! Gents,
when Jeff's wrath is assuaged that a-way
I'm all on one side, like the leanln' tower
?f Pisa. Jeff actooally confers a skew-gee
o my spinal , column. A week later my
folks takes me to, a doctor. That practi
tioner puts on his "specs an' looks over me
with jealous Care. .- ' ' • .
"ONE OF THE TWITTY BOYS RIDES DOWN AND PUTS THE EIGHTY OR ' -21022:. DOGS INTO
• THE- BRESH."
" .'."Whatever's wrong with him, Doc?"
says my father, o ¦ . ¦ ...V
" ' "Npthin'," says the physician, "only
your son Wlllyum's five inches out o'
plumb." . ,-. .
"'Then he rigs a layout made up of
guyropes an' stay laths, an' I has, to wear
it; an' mebby in three or four weeks he's
got me warped back into the perpendic'
lar '.¦-.:¦¦.-,.. .. ¦ ¦ . . - !¦ :
" 'But how about this yere cat hunt?'
" 'Thar dawns a hour, however, when
my p'siticn in the van of Kentucky ton
comes within a ace of bein' seriously
shook. It's on my way to school one
dewey mornin' when I gets involved all
inadvertent in a onhappy rupture with
c polecat. I never does know how the
misonderstandin' starts; an after all the
j>eeds of said dispoote is by no means
important. Followin' the difference, I'm
witless enough to keep goin' on to school,
whereas I should have returned home
ward an' cast myse'f upon my parents
as a sacred trust. Of. course, onct I'm
in school I don't go impartin' my trou
bles to the other children; I emyoolates
the heroism of the Spartan boy, who
stands to be eat by a fox an' keeps 'em
to myself. But the views of my late en
emy is not to be smothered; they appeals
to my young companions; an" tharupon
they puts up a most onneedful riot of
coughin's and sneezin's. But nobody
knows me as the malefactor. . ¦
" 'It's a tryin* moment. I can see that,
¦ once I'm located, I'm goin' to be as on
pop'lar as a b'ar in a hawg pen; I'll come
tumblin" from my pinnacle in that proud
commoonity as the glass of fashion an"
the mold of form. You can go your bot
tom peso the thought causes me to feel
plenty purturbed.
" 'At this yere crisis I . has a inspira
tion; as good, too, as I ever entertains
without the aid of rum.- I determines to
cast the opprobrium on some other boy
an' isend the hunt of gen'ral indignation
sweepin' along on his trail.
" 'Thar's a innocent infant who's a
stcodent at this temple of childish learnin'
an' his name is Riley Bark. This yere
Riley is one of them giant children who's
only 12 an' weighs 300 pounds. An' in
proportions as Kiley is a son of -• Anak,
physical, he's dwarfed mental; he ain't as
well upholstered with brains as young
ones of six an' seven. That's right; Riley,
mental, is like a fly in a saucer of syrup;
he struggles 'round plumb slow. I decides
to uplift Riley to the public eyes as the
felon who's disturbin' that seminary's
sereenity. Comin' to this decision, I points
at him where he's planted four seats
ahead of me. all tangied up in a spellin'
book, an' says in a loud whisper to a
child who's sittin" next: ¦
Throw him out!" |
" 'That's enough. No gent will ever
realize how easy it -is to direct a people's
sentiment ontil he takes a w'irl at the
game. In two minutes by. the teacher's
bull's eye copper watch, every soul know3
it's pore Riley; an' in three, the teacher's
done drug Riley outdoors by the'ha'r of
his head an' chased him home. Gents
I look back on that yoothful feat as a
triumph of diplomacy; it shore saves my
standin' as the Beau Brummel of the Bloo
Grass. y .
" 'Good old days, them!' observes the
Colonel mournfully, 'an' ones never to
come ag'in! My sternest studies is ro
mances; an' the peroosals of old tales as
I tells you-ali prior, shore fills me full of
moss an' mockin' birds in equal parts. I
reads deep of Water Scott an' waxes to
be a sharp on Moslems speshul. I dreams
of the siege of Acre, an" Richard the Lion
heart: an' I simply fcan't sleep nights for
honin to hold a tournament an' joust a
whole lot for some fair lady's love.
" 'Once I commits the error of my
career by Joustin' with my brother Jeff
This yere Jeff is settln* on the bank of
the branch fishin' for bullpouts at the
that our schoolmaster ain't simply fllrtin*
with the muses when he originates that
epic; no sir, he means business; an'
whenever I throws it into the selectmen
1 does it jestice. Them trustees used to
silently line out fer home when I fin
ishes an' never a yeep. It simply stuns
"em; it shore fills 'em to the brim!
" 'Ab 1 gazes r'arward,' goes on the
colonel, as by one rapt impulse he up
lifts both his eyes an' his nosepaint, 'as
1 gazes r'arward, I says, on them sun
lilled days, an' spechul if ever I gets be
trayed into talKin" about 'em, I can
hardly t'ar myself from the subject. I
explains yeretot'ore, that not only by In
inclination but by birth, I'm a shore
enough "ristocrat. This yere captaincy 'Of
local fashion I assoomes at a tender age.
i wears the record as the first child to
don shoes throughout the entire summer
in that neighborhood; an' ¦ many a time
iin 1 oft does my yoothful but envy-eaten
compeers lambaste me for the insultin'
innovation. But. I sticks to my mocca
sins; an" to-day choes in the Bloo Grass
country is almost as yooniversal as the
licker habit.
Colonel Ste^tt's
Panther
ILopyr lasted, 1902, by Robert Howard Russell.)
PANTHERS, what we-all call 'moun
tain lions,' " observed the Old Cat
tleman, wearing meanwhile the
sapient air of him who feels
equipped of his subject, "is plenty
furtive, not to say mighty sedyoolous, to
Ekulk. That's why a gent don't meet up
with more of 'em while pirootin' about in
the hills. Them cats hears him, or they
sees him, an' him still ignorant tharof;
with that they bashfully withdraws.
"Which it's to be urged In favor of moun
tain lions that they never forces theni
ee'fs en no gent; they're 6hore consider
ate that a-way, an' speshul of themse'fs.
If one's ever hurt, you can bet it won't be
a accident. However, it ain't for me to
go' 'round impugnin' the motives of no
mountain lion, partie'lar when the entire
tribe is "strangers to me complete. But
still a love of trcoth compels me to con
cede that if mountain lions ain't cowardly
they're shore cautious a whole lot. Cat
tle and calves they passes up as a heap
too belicose, an' none of 'em ever faces
any animile more warlike than a baby
colt or mebbe a half-grown deer. Once,
I'm riding along the Caliente when I
bears a crash-in' in the bushes on the biuff
above— 200 foot high, she is, an" as sheer
as the walls of this yere tavern. As 1
lifts my eyes a fear-frenzied mare an'
colt comes chargin' up an' projects them
se'fs over that precipice. They're dead as
Joolius Caesar when I rides into 'em,
while a brace of mountain lions is skirtiii'
up an' down the aige of the bluff they
leaps from, mewin' an' Lashin' their long
tails in hot enthoosiasm. Shore, the cats
has been chasin' the mare an' foal, an'
locoes 'em to that extent they don't know
where they're headin', an' they nacher
ally makes that death jump like I rebates.
I siams away with my six-shooter, but
beyond givin' the mountain lions a con
vulsive start I can't say I does any exe
cootion. They turns an' goes streakin' it
through the pine woods like a drunkard
to a barn-raisin.'
"Timid? Shore! They're that timid sem
inary girls compared to 'cm is as Bternly
courageous as a passel of buccaneers. Out
in Mitchells Canyon a couple of the Lee-
Scott riders cuts the trail of a mountain
lion an' her two kittens. Now, whatever
do you-ali reckon this yere old tabby
does? Basely deserts said offsprings
without even barin' a tooth, an' the two
cow punchers takes 'em gently by their
tails an' beats out their joovenile brains.
That's straight; that mother lion goes
ewarmin' up the canyon like she ain't got
a minute to live. An' you can gamble the
limit that where a animile sees its chil
drtn perish without frontin' up for war
it doesn't possess the commonest rocdi
ments of sand. Sech, son. is mountain
lions. ,
"It's en.- evening in the Red Light
when Colonel Sterett. who's got through
his day's toil on that Coyote paper he's
editor of, enfolds concernin 1 a panther
round-up which he pulls off in his ynoih.
" 'This yere panther hunt.' says Colonel
Sterett. as he nils h's third tumbler, 'oc
curs when mighty likely I'm goin' on
seventeen winters. I'm a leader amon?
rjy young companions at the time; in
fact, I allers is. An" I'm proud to say
that my soopremacy that a-way is doo
to the dom'nant character of my intel
lects. I'm ever bright and sparklin' as
a child, an' I recalls how my aptitcode
tor learnin' promotes me to be r^gyard
ed as the smartest lad in school If
lhar's visitors, or if the selectmen in
vades that academy to sort o* siz» us
up, the teacher allers plays me on 'em.
Id go to the front for the outfit. Which
J'm wont on sech harrowm' occasion* to
recite a ode— the teacher's dene wrote
It himse'f— an" which is entitled "Napo
leon s Mad Career." Thar's tvrenty-four
stanzas to it. an' while these inter
iopin selectmen sets thar looking' owley
&n sagacious I'd wallop loose with the
twenty-four verses, stampin' up an'
cown an' accompanyin' said recitations
with sech multltood of reckless gestures
jt comes plenty clost to backin' every
body plumb outen the room. Yere's the
first verse:
I'd drink an' ew'er an* r'ar an' t'ar
An' fall down in the mud.
While the y 1 earth for forty miles about
I» klvered with my blood.
T? *You-all can see from the speciment
" 'No one comments on this yere ad
venture; not a word la heard. Each is
silent, ontil we mounts the first hill. As
we collects ourse'fs on this eminence, one
of the Brackenridge boys holts up bis
hand for a halt. "Gents," he says, as—
hosses, hunters an' dogs— we-all gathers
'round, "gents, I moves you the Chevy
Chase Huntin* Club yereby stands ad
journed sine die." Thar'a a moment's
pause, an' then as by one Impulse every
gent, hoss an' dog says "Ay!" It's yoo
nanimous an' from that hour till now the
Chevy Chase Huntin' Club ain't nothin*
save tradition. But that panther shore
disappears; it's the end of his forage; an*
ag'in does quadrilles, pra'rs, an' poker
resoom their wonted sway. That's the
end, an' now, gents. If Black* Jack will
caper to his dootles, we'll uplift our
drooped sperits 'with the- usual forty
drops.' " v- ,- \< ¦¦•
" 'No, thar'a nothin* further to do. an'
less to be said. That calvacade. erstwhile
:so gala an* .buoyant, drags Itself weari y
homeward, the exhausted dogs walkia*
stiff an* sore like their laigs is wood in
the r'ar. For more'n a mile the com
plainin' howls of the hysterical yaller dog
is wafted to our y'ears. Then they ceases;
an' we figgers his sympathizin' master
has done took him into the shanty an'
shet the door. ,
" 'Now ensooe3 a scene to smite the
hardiest of us with dismay. No sooner
does the panther find him? in the \
midst of that he'pless bevy of ;..tl.» ones
than he stops, turns round abrupt an'
sets down on his tail; an' then uplittih*
his muzzle he busts into shrieks and yells
an' howls an' cries: a absoloote casu of
canine hysterics! That's what he is; a
great yaller dog; his reason is, now a
wrack because we harasses him them
eighteen miles. ,
"'Thar's a ugly outcast of a squatter,
mattock in hand, comes squanderin' down
the ' hillside from some'ers out back o?
the shanty, where he's been grubbin': '
"•"What be you-ali eediots chasin' my
dog for?" demands this onkempt party.
Then he menaces us with that implement.
" 'We makes no retort, but stands pas
sive. The great yaller brute, who nerve3
has been torn to rags, creeps to the squat
ter an' with mornful howls explains
what we've made him suffer. ¦' -\ * .
" 'Thar's a log house ahead; out in
the stump- filled lot in front is a -frowsy
woman an' five small children. The pan
ther leaps the rickety worm fence an'
heads straight as a bullet for the cl'arin!
Horrors!, the sight freezes our marrows!
Mad an' savage, he's doo to bite a hunk
outen that devoted household! Mutooally
callin' to each other' we goads our horses
to the rescue. We gains on the pan
ther! He may wound, but he won't have
time to slay that fam'ly.
"'Gents, it's a soopreme moment! The
panther makes for that female squatter
an' her litter; we pantin' and pressin'
clost behind. The panther is among- 'em;
the woman 11 an' the children seem trans
fixed by the awful spectacle, an' stands
rooted with open eyes an' mouths. Our
emotions shore beggars descriptions.
" 'But the end comes. We've done run
him into a rough, wild stretch of coun
try where settlements is few an' cabins
roode, an' wide an' far between. Of a
rudden the panther emerges onto/ the
road an' goes racin' along the trail. We
pushes our spent steeds to the utmost.
. " "As I states, we harrows that foogi
tive panthei for plumb eighteen m;iea,
an' in our hot ardor founders two hosses.
Which fatigue an' weariness begins -to
overpower us; also our prey weakens
along- with the rest". In the half
glimpses we now an' a'gin gets of him
it's plain that both pace an* distance is
tellin' fast. Still he presses on; -an' as
thar's no spur like fear, that panther
holes his flyin' distance.
" 'For myse'f I'm prepared. I've got one
of these yere orihuppy cap-an'-ball six
shooters that's built doorin' the war; an'
I shorely cuts that weepon, loose! This
yere gun seems a born profligate of lead
that a-way; for the six chambers goes off
at once. Which you should have seen the
Chevy Chasers dodge.' An. well they may;
that broadside ain't in vain! My aim is
so troo that one of the r'armost dog3
evolves a howl an' roils over; then he #ata
up gnawin' an' Hckin' his off hind laig in
frautic alternations. > That hunt is dona
for him. We leaves him doctorin' himstj'f
an' picks him up two hours later on our
triumphant return.
" * "Thar he goes!"
an' ever an* anon givin' a encouragtnf
shout as we briefly sights our game.
" 'Gents,' says Colonel Sterett, &a he re
freshes himse'f, it's needless to go over
that hunt in detail. We hustles the flyin*
demon full eighteen miles; our faithful
dogs crowdln' close an' breathless at his
coward hocks. Still, they don't catch up
with him; he streaks it like some saffron
meteor.
" 'Only once does we approach within
strikin' distance; that's when he crosses,
at Old Stafford's whiskey still. As he
glides" into view Crittenden shouts:
" 'Our dogs is plumb sta'nch; they shore
does themse'fs proud. Singin' in twenty
keys, reachin' from growl's to yelps an'
from yelps to shrillest screams, they
pushes dauntlessly on the fresh trail of
their flyin'.but ferocious quarry. Now an*
then we gets a., squint of the panther as
he skulks from one copse to another Jest
ahead. Which he's goin" like a arrer; no
mistake! as for us Chevy Chasers, we
parallels the hunt, an' contlnyoos poundin*
the Skinner turnpike abreast of the pack,
" 'One of the T witty boys rides: down
an' puts the • eighty or : more dogs into
the bresh. The rest of us lays back an*
strains our eyes. Thar he is! A. shout
goes up as we descries the -. panther
stealin" off by a far corner. -He's headin*
along a hollow, that's- full of ¦ bresh an*
baby timber, an' runs parallel with the
pike. Big an' yellow he is; we can tell
from the slight flash we gets of him &a
he darts into a second clump of bushes.
With a cry— what young Crittenden calls
a "view halloo"— we goes pirootin' down
the pike in pursoot. . .
.", Thar's forty dogs if thar's one in
our company as we pauses at the Skinner
crossroads. An' when the Crittenden
yooth returns,, he brings with him the
Rickett boys an' soaie forty added dogs.
Which' it's worth a ten-mile ride to get
a glimpse of that outfit of canine t Thars
every sort onder 'the canopy; thar's the
stolid hound, the alert ficeA the sapient
collie; that is, thar's indivyiyooal curs
wherein the hound, or fice or collie seems
to predominate as a strain. But the
trooth is thar's not that dog a-whinln'
about our hosses' fetlocks who ain't
proudly descended from full fifteen dif
ferent tribes, /an' they shorely makes a
motley • mass meetin*. Still, they're good,
zealous dogs; a'n' as they're goin' to go
for'ard an' take most of the resks of
that panther, it seems invidious to criti
cise 'em. . ¦• -. ; .
" 'Gents, I ain't above admittln' that
them news, puts my heart to a" canter.
I'm brave; but conflicts that a- way with
wild an' savage beasts is to me a novelty,
an' while I faces my fate without a flut
ter, I'm yere to say I'd sooner been in
pursoot of minks or raccoons, or some
sech varmint ' whose grievous cap'bilit'es
I can more ackerately stack up, an' in
whose ¦ merry ways I'm better versed.
However, , the dauntless blood , of my
grandsire mounts in my check; an* as if
the shade of that old Trojan Is thar per
s'nal to su'gest it.vi searches forth a
flask an' renoos my sperit; an' thus quali
fied for perils, come in what form they
may, I resolootely stands my hand.
" 'When this yere reign of terror is at
its heights, the local eye is rolled toward
us Chevy Chasers. We rises to the op
portoonity. Day after day, we're ridin'
them hills an' vales, readin' the milk
white snow for tracks. An' we has suc
cess. One mornin' I comes up on two of
the Brackenridge boys, an' five more of
ihe Chevy Chasers, settjn'.on their hosses
at the Skinner crossroads. Bob Crltten
den's gone to turn me out, they says.
Then they p'ints down to a handful of
close-wove bresh an' stunted • timber an'
allows that this yere maraudin' cat-a
mount is hldin' thar; they sees him go
skulkin' in. .
" • "It's a worse augoory," . says " one,
"than the hoots of a score of squinch
oWls." . -
".'The Chevy Chasers ain't been in be
in' as a institootion • over long when
chance opens a gate to ser'ous work. The
deep snows over in the Eastern moun
tains it looks* like has done drove a pan
ther, into our neighborhood. You-ali could
hear of him on all sides. Folks glimpses
him now an' then. They aHows he's about
the size of a yearlin" calf; an' the way
he pulls down sech feeble people as shtep,
or lays desolate some he'plesa henroost,
don't bother him a bit. This yere panther
spreads a horror over the county. Dances,
pra'er meetin's an' even poker parties is
broken up, an' the .social life or th^t re
gionsort o' begins to bog down. Kven
a weddin' suffers; the bridesmaids stayin'
plumb away lest this yere feroc.oua mon
hter should .show up in the road an' ciiaw
one of 'em while she's en route for the
scene of trouble. That's gospet trooth!
The pore deserted briae has to hetl an"
handle herse'f, an' never a friend to
voonite her sobs with hers dooiin' thac
weddin' ordeal. The olu ladies present
shakes their heads a heap solemn.
" 'That panther hunt Is like this,' says
the Colonel, turnin* to Dan-. 'At the age
of 17 me an' eight or nine of my intimate
brave comrades founds what we-all de
nom'nates - as the "Chevy Chase Huntln'
Club." Each of "us maintains a passel of
odds an* ends of dogs, an' at stated inter,
vals .-: we convenes on hosses, an' with
these yere four-score curs at our hocks
goes yellin' an' skally-hootin' up an' down
the countryside, allowin' we're shore a
band of nimrods that a- way.
asks Dan Boggs. 'Which I don't aim to
be lntrooslve none, but I'm camped yere
through the second drink waltln' for it,
an' these procrastinations is makin' me
kind o' batty.' ,
fyy" -Awlf red
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE STJJOJAY :OMAl.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - : -
Ask one of the audience to remember
any number on the face of your watch
and to count silently up to 20, beginning
from that number, while you move your
lead pencil over the face of the watch
as if the. figuring were very difficult. -
You count to' yourself in the. same
rhythm. with him until 7. When you
count 8 your pencil: points to 12,' at 9 to
11, and so forth, backward until the other
one has counted 20, when you wlli l? have
reached the number which he ha» remem
bered.
TO GUESS THE NUMBER
IN A WATCH.
sembllrig .the eruption of a volcano.
Build a ; small hill of piaster of paris
or clay on the bottom of the tub to hide
¦ the bottle, i Leave a small opening 1 on the
summit of the hill -for the mouth of the
bottle, as shown in figure. By setting the
water in motion the stream of wine will
resemble a column of smoke blown by
..the wind, givingit 1 the still more realistic
appearance of a volcano. ' ./ .
THE NECESSARY MATE
BIALS FOB THE THICKS
IN THESE COLTJMNS ARE
FOUND IN EVERY FUN
LOVTNG HOME, OR MAY
EASILY BE PROCURED AT
/THE EXPENSE OF A FEW
CENTS.
Place a small bottle filled with red wine
on the bottom 'of a tub filled with water..
The bottle is closed with a cork, through
which a small hole is bored lengthwise.
As the two fluids have a variant density,
the water will intrude into the bottle and
force the wine out In a fine stream re-
THE LITTLE VOLCANO
A pear suspended from the celling by a
piece of thread is to be cut exactly in
half as it. falls, after burning the thread
on which it hangrs. How, can we find the
exact spot .to place the knife on a chair
or the floor so that the pear In falling
will be cut? This is done. by dipping the
pear in a glass of water. After suspend
ing the pear a few drops of 'water [frill
fall .on the exact spot, which must' be
noted. ; These preparations must be made
before 'your .exhibition, so that the. audi-
ence will only see the suspended pear,
without knowing anything of the drops
of water. When the moment for the per
formance has airived, p!ace the edge of
the knife on the exact epot, then burn
the thread and the pear in falling will
be cut in half.
'JPLis experiment can also be done with
two ; knives placed crosswise, as shown
in the figure. The knives must be crossed
at the exact spot where the drops have
fallen.
the motion of the strip of paper. But
this will only happen if you hit the paper
slightly or pull it off slowly; the dollar
will remain motionless if you hit the strip
of paper -sharply, as described. A similar
experiment can be' executed with the help
of checkers. Build a tower of a number
of checkers: By hitting the lowest of the
checkers sharply with a rule or the back
of a knife you will knock it out without
disturbing the rest of the tower in the
least. If you do not succeed be' sure it
is because you hav« N not hit the checker
horizontally.
Place on the table & narrow strip of
paper and on It a silver dollar on Its
edge, as shown In figure, and hold one
end of the atrip In your left hand. Hit
the strip of paper sharply with the Index
finger of your right hand, bo that It will
slip from underneath the*plece of money,
and you expect to see the money roll
away from you, following the effect of
SILVER DOLLAR TRICK
12
HOME MAGICShould it be politics?
He felt he might succeed if he tried.
Faith in himself was one of Rhodes'
strong elements.* But what did success
mean? In South Africa the top of the
pole was represented by the Cape Pre
miership. Who -were the Cape Premiers?
He had known some of them, and to
him they seemed merely men who had
alternate spells of office and opposition.
Most of them were mediocrities; few had
power even when they held place.- No,
"this was- not good enough."
. Should it be religion? ,
Mr. Rhodes was not, in the accepted
sense of the word, a religious man. He
was born in a rectory, but parsons' sons
are not noted for piety. Was there in
the churches a. goal great enough to be
worth the devotion of a. life? VPerhaps,"
he thought, "if it were true." .But ha
iras a Darwinian and an agnostic, not a
Christian. He believed in evolution.
Reincarnation did not interest him.
"Life is too short, after all," he used to
say, "to worry about previous lives. Froro
the cradle to the grave, what it it?
Three days at the seaside. Just that
and nothing more. But although
it is onjy three days, we must do
something. I cannot spend my
time thrown stones Into the
water. But what is worth
while doing?
No, he could not devotf*
himself to any church
But out of these the
istic questions, which
he argued to himself in
his calm, practical
way, was gradually
evolved the great pur
pose that actuated his
every thought and act. • '¦<
By degrees it grew up
on him that the teach
ings of all 'religions were
based upon a God who rule*
over all the children of men
and who would exact a strict ac
count for all the deeds which they 4
did in the body. He did not yield'..—
his agnosticism; he merely decided it -
was an even chance that there might : be
a God. When he had figured it out to thia ¦
point, he asked himself: "If. there be a A
God. of which there is an even chance,
what does he want me to do, if so be that
he cares any tklng about. what I do?".' •'-?
He kept on 1 thinking. Being • an evo-
than safe-keys
in breeches, the
whole of their life
consumed in con
stant worry of see
ing that their enor
mous investments do not
deteriorate. Their imag
ination is crashed by their
millions. A political career is
barricaded against them b'y
their. own money-bags. A crowd
of parasites and beggars swarm
round them like mosquitoes round a
weary wanderer In a southern swamp.
They can do nothing, see nothing, risk
nothing. They sit like golden Buddhas,
cross-legged in an Eastern temple, eter
nally contemplating their gilded paunch.
Wealth for which they havtp given the
best years of their life is only a care, nof
a Joy.; a source of anxiety, not a scepter
of power. If that Is all, it, is not good
enough." • • /
•
O LITTLE done: so much to do."
\^^ These were the dying words of
y J Cecil Rhodes, the Colossus.
k^/ So little done.
+ Is it so little for a man to begin
with nothing and have a fortune of thirty
millions before he is 40? And to count
these millions a means, not an end?
Is It so little for a man to control the
Interests of two such companies as the
De Beers Consolidated and 'the Chartered
Company, one of which governs the en
tire diamond product of Africa, and the
other the destiny of the country?
la It so little to have been Instrumental
for years In keeping the British flag fly
ing over oae of the, richest regions In
East Central Africa: or to have designed
and executed a campaign for establishing
British authority over the kraal of Lo
fceaguLa, chief of the man-«laylng Matu
beles. whose devastating raids made min
ing In Mashonaland an impossibility until
peace was brought about?
!• It so little to stretch a telegraph line
more than half way from Cape Town to
Cairo, through desert country and jungle
and the mountain retreats of savage
blacks?
Is It so little to have built more than
K0O0 miles of railroad through this same
country, with its fevers and poisonous in
sects and. wild beasts?
Is It so little that one man, hampered
by government opposition, should fore
stall the German and the Boer in their
hcpe of South African supremacy, and
add to the British empire a tract of
country five times the size of tne British
Isles?
Is it so little that a wide region that
was once the site of savage blood-orgies
has within a decade been dotted with
modern cities, and that the savages them
selves have been taught habits of regular
industry?
Is It so little for an obscure curate's
Bon to become an uncrowned tang, and
have It said of him "Cecil Rhodes is Brit
ish South Africa and British South Af
rica is Cecil Rhodes?
Is it. Indeed, a little thing to have
forced England into a war that has al
ready cost her nearly a billion dollars, and
fifty thousand men, with the end not yat?
These are but part of the record of a
man, a private citizen, whose name will
stand out as one of the greatest, if not
the greatest, of a century.
To him .these things seemed little be
er, use of the things undone.
£0 niuch to do.
Cecil Rhodes is dead at 49, barely man'*
prime.
'i«o years hence he hoped to flash his
tiist message from the Cape to Cairo.
beven years hence he hoped to drive the
I lu.st spike in the Cape-to-Cairo railway
the lirst transcontinental road span
r.ii.g a continent from north to south,
the- tirst to cross the equator at riglu
angles. ¦ . '
.Heriiaps before that time he hoped
to realize his dream of empire— who
bo far above the ideals of the com
mon mind were those of this stupen-
C'jus genius that it is impossible to
conceive a life work tnat might have
satisfied his ambition.
Cecil Rhodes began life with handi
cap; »cixi«j might Bay a double handi
cap, lie had weak lungs and a pool
father. The second he counted as a
bleastXVt tor he has said:
"I\o iiM.11 should ever leave money to
nisi chiiuren. It is a curse to them. What
we .- .1 ¦> 1; j ••! <io for our children, if we would
do them the best, service we can, is to
give them the best training we can pro
cure for them and then turn them loose
in the world without a sixpence to fend
for themselves. What happens when you
leave children fortunes? They have no
longer any spur to effort. They spend
their money on wine, women and gam
bling, and bring disgrace upon the name
which they bear. No; g:ve your boys the
best education you can and let them make
their own way. As for any money you
have, it should ail go to the public
"/ervice— to the state in some form or an
other. They tell me," he added, laugh-
Ing, "that that Is statp socialism. I can
not help that. These are my ideas, and
they are right."
Sent to Africa with only a twelvemonth
Df life allowed him, the Oxford undergrad
uate joined an older brother who had ob
tained a claim in the then almost unknown
Kimberley diamond mines. The brother,
tired of a miner's life, turned over his
claim to Cecil, who found himself respon
sible for a tract of earth that with every
turn of the soil revealed untold wealth.
The pure, dry air of the African veldt
worked wonders. And wnlle recovering
his health Rhodes laid the foundation of
a great fortune.
Then, with characteristic doggedn6ss
and tenacity of purpose, he returned home
and completed his studies at Oxford. He
was not a bookworm. His life at the uni
versity was more social than Intellectual.
But he went through the term, of an un
dergraduate's study, took his degree in
due course and returned to Africa-
It is related that one day in the year
1S78, two years before his matriculation.
two Britons were Journeying in a post
cart from the Cape to Kimberley, The
elder, niqued by the persistent applica
tion of the younger to his book, finally
overcame the Briton's normal indifference
to his associates and asked: "What are
you so Interested in?" "The thirty-nine
articles. I am learning them for the fli
vlnity examination at Oxford." The dili
gent learner was Cecil Rhodes, coming
from his college to resume the direction
of his enterpriser, in Kaffir land.
But even while thus pursuing his college
rubric Cecil Rhodes had determined in
his own mind what his future was to be.
He was but a youth of twenty-six when,
standing before a map of Africa, he placed
his hand across the Interior up to the
mouth of the Congo and the Great Lakes
and said: _
"All that shall be English. That is my
dream."
Cecil Rhodes' way of building a fortune
«*Jid not differ much from the methods
"«< which other millionaires have made
their piles. A fortunate selection of
diamonailerous soil, in which he had no
part, was the beginning of it all, followed
by patient manual toil In digging and
washing the dirt. When a nucleus was
once formed, then came the speculation
in buying and selling claims that goes on
in every mining camp. By degrees It be
came evident mat young Rhodes was on
the way to the top. The Jews there, as
elsewhere, had proved too many for the
gentiles. But there was one gentile that
was to prove too many for them. In a
brief time the contest for supremacy nar
rowed down to two men. one an unknown
clergyman's son — Cecil Rhodes; the other;
mountebank, circus rider, pugilist — Bar
ney Earnato.
Finaiiy, when the time came for amal
gamation of the various diamond inter
ests. Mr. Rhodes stood forth as -the amal
gamator, and the colossal De Beers Com
pany is the monument of his success.
The immense production of diamonds,
however, is not the chief distinction of the
De Boers concern, but rather an article
contained in the charter authorizing the
directors to appropriate from time to time
such funds as they deemed advisable for
political or imperial purposes. .
The proviso was introduced by Mr.
Rhodes and consented to by the others
through deference, not conviction. It was
one of Rhodes' fads, they said. Let him
have hie way. And he did, as was his
wont. Cecil Rhodes has: been one of the
few millionaires who not only accepted
lUe theory of state socialism, but acted
£;>on it. There Is probably not a man on
the face of the earth to-day who would
use his private fortune to build a railroad
in a savage country or defray the ex
penses of a war not sure of reimburse
ment. To the average millionaire divi
dends are the one idea. To Cecil Rhodes
it was not dividends, but his dream of
empire. He was a millionaire with an
imagination. His grand passion was
painting the map of Africa British red.
Cecil Rhodes was never a man of
phrases. He was a man of thoughts and
deeds. To those who think of him only
as an empire builder., it may seem strange
to hear that he was. much given to pon
dering seriously questions which, in the
hurry and rush of modern life, few men
Et^'i*™ 1^ 11 less tr >* t0 answer. It was a
habit begun in the years- when he
was washing dirt for diamonds un
«rii Sou l h A^icaii stars. In the
earlier days. when he was un
££S W iV n Hf pt his thoughts to himself;
w^rwfr, a" "mes he was more given to
Y™£* S t^ m J . Into actions than into
b£ ?r^ht~« H^ d . Id not allow himself to
J? i b i ed wlth correspondence. He re
han. K. UerSl read them ' l0St them P«>r-
V?^,, but answered them never.
fn« *i at colle ee Mr. Rhodes was pro
fn?i« d L y ! m P. r u ess f d by a saying of Aris^
«?m i m 1 ? th ej»mP«rtance of having an
aim In life sufficiently lofty to Justify
reah?L S y ° UI * Ufe ln ehdeavorln S to
lutionist he believed- In the- survival of
the fittest. .
When he had decided that the white
race was evidently the fittest he asked
himself which of the white races?
Then he took up another line of inquiry.;
What is it that God— if there be a: God— s
Is aiming at? What is the 'divine ideal
toward which all creation presses, con
sciously or unconsciously? And by sing
ling out the foremost specimens of man
kind and contemplating the moral qual
ities that distinguished them 'from the
rest he formed the idea that the secret
of the divine purpose is the discovery of
the race that would be most likely to
. universalize the broad general principles
of justice, liberty and peace. This brought
him quickly to the conclusion ' that the
English race, whether British, American,
Australian or South African, is the type
which has done most to establish justice,
promgte liberty and insure peace over •
the greatest area of the globe.
"Therefore," he finally concluded,
"if there bg a God and he cares any
thing about what I do I think it is
clear that he would like me to do
what he is doing himself. And
he is manifestly, fashioning the
English-speaking race as the
chosen instrument by -vhicb
he will brine in a state
He went back to Africa wondering what
his aim in life should be. and this was
the basis of his thoughts as- he hunted
diamonds.
Should It be the pursuit of wealth?
That was the object of those around
him. He took note of them, and reached
this conclusion: "Increase of wealt/ ,
up to a certain point means increase
of power; beyond that point »?
means for its. possessor In
crease of burden without
compensation. I have
known millionaire aftor
millionaire" to leave tha
university longing to
do something, or at
least to be some
body, who are
now nothing:
more nor less
of society based upoa
Justice, liberty
and peace. .
¦
Dyhs woyds of cacrT Rhodes, |§pi§|pii
S^TTdety the yHTTTIonaTJ-e Vfi| a|
TiTiaSTnatTOn? WhQSe^One Sl-and^Pas
sion Was'to pafnt Dai-keSt'^FHca
a B^Sht BHtfsh Red-
SO LITTLE DONE; SO MUCH TO DO!
he most obviously wish me to do
what I can to give as ' much scope
and power to that race as passible.
Hence," and he concludes bis Ions argu
ment,, */li there be a God I thirds that
what he would. like me to do Is to paint
aa much of the map of Africa British red
as possible, and to do what I can else
where to promote the unity and extend
the Influence of the English-speaking
race."
Yet there are many who will always
think of Cecil Rhodes as a mere money
getter, a vulgar political adventurer; a
man who made millions for the lust of
gold; a man who held office for the lust
of power.
None knew better than Cecil Rhodes
the value of money. "Providence is gen
erally on the side of the big battalions."
was a favorite quotation of the continent
grabber. "My battalions," he added, "are
pounds sterllne."
When Rhodes was Treasurer-General of
Cape Colony, at the age of 28, General
Gordon met him and told of his .re
fusing a roomful of gold offered by the
Emperor of China for crushing the Tai
ping rebellion. "Oh, what a wasted op
portunity!'* exclaimed Rhodes. "I would
have taken as many roomfula as I could
have got."
Rhodes was a genius at raising "bat
talions." Even his friends do not claim
that he was overscrupulous in the means
of doing it. They Justify It on the ground
of his utter selflessness and the greatness
of his purpose.
¦ As he felt the power of money, so he
knew the influence of politics. When he
thought that his alms could be best for
warded by going Into politics he set about
It with his usual restless energy, and
never took the pains to answer the charge
of his buying a seat in the Cape Legisla
ture. In his own good time he became
Premier, but when the time came -when
ho was stripped of official honors he
showed his superiority over title and posi
tion. Office had helped him in what he
had to do; removal from office could not
hinder him.
When Mr. Rhodes began to plan *he
building of his Cape-to-Cairo railway he
startled the world by announcing his In
tention of stringing a telegraph line from
the Cape to Cairo. Men Jeered. When
he asked for funds for laying the wires
the Stock Exchange for once was deaf to
his appeal. The Mahdlst rebellion was
then in full possession of Khartoum and
the Egyptian Soudan. How could Rhodes
hope to get his line through the Mahdi
country?
"Oh, as to that." he replied, with boyish
confidence, "when the time comes I shall
know how to square the Mahdi."
But people shrugged their shoulders, be
lieving the fanaticism of the Mahdi would
be proof against Rhodes' millions. Others
asked how te egraph poles wer.2 to be pro
tected from the white ants, those scav
engers of South Africa, to whom nothing
Is sacred that baa in It the principle of
life. .'.
"Make them of iron," replied Rhodes.
"But against the wandering herds of
wild elephants what avail wil] be your
Iron poles? They will be used as scratch
lng-posts."
"We shall see." was the reply. "And if
you don't subscribe for the Cape-to-Cairo
telegraph stock I will find the money my
self and go ahead."
¦ Nine-tentha of the money had to be
found by Mr. Rhodes personally, but he
at. once began the line, which he had
hoped to have In working order within
the next two years. .
The transcontinental telegraph project
had some claim to reason, for financiers
could figure out a dividend in its i arn
ings. Not so the Cape-to-Cairo Railwa>\
Yet Mr. Rhodes was none the less deter
mined to push it through, and three year.,
ago had set the date for the laying of ths
last rail on January 20, 1909.
But Cecil Rhodes is dead and there -a
still nearly 3000 miles of the road unfin
ished, and this through the most difficult
part of the continent— so much to do.
Up to the time of the Jameson raid
Cecil Rhodes* career had been without re
verse. But an incident that might have
proved the undoing of a lesser man served
only to show his greatness.
"I am told that my political career is at
an end. I tell you, my public life is only
Just beginning."
These were the words spoken by Mr.
Rhodes at a public meeting in Kimberley
within a few days of the collapse of the
Jameson expedition. And he proved them.
He went home for trial, and with every
temptation to win an easy victory by be
traying his colleagues, he endured rather
the imputations cast upon him in silenco.
He did not lie; he did not betray the men
who had shared his confidence.
"Poor old Jameson," he said to a friend.
"Twenty years we have been friends. anJ
now he goes in and ruins me. I cannot
hinder him. I cannot go ¦ and destroy
him."
There were those who stood aghast at
the effrontery with which Rhodes avowed
his own. baseness and his defiant asser
tion that he would conspire again, if need
be, taking care next time that his con
spiracy turned out successful; but while
the investigation made him the best
hated man in England, it sent him bacli
to Africa a greater hero than- ever. !i
did not hurt that men shouted "Pirate"
after him; their shouts were lost on thosi
who knew him to be the most notable
statesman in Greater Britain.
As became an' official known to have
promoted a conspiracy that failed. Mr.
Rhodes resigned the Cape Premiership;
but as a simple citizen— and here was
proof .of his boast — his personal ascend
ency gained ground so steadily that when
the war came to a close the natives re
i fused to recognize any one but Mr.
Rhodes as chief of the whites. >
Among other things. Cecil Rhodes was
at this time frequently called a coward
by hig enemies— a moral and physical
coward. His cowardice was of thi3 sort:
When the efforts of the troops to dis
lodge the stubborn Matabele rebels from,
their fastnesses in the Matoppo Hills had
proved ineffectual, Mr. Rhodes moved up
and encamped at close range. The na
tives were holding a great indaba or
council in the hills a few miles away and*
sent .word Chat Mr. Rhodes might couie
to them, as they were afraid to come to
him. He went, with Colenbrander and
two others. He went unarmed. Escape
If there were treachery, was impossible
and the risk , of treachery was great. It
was his very fearlessness that overawed
them, and they laid their troubles before
him. Then he took them to task for
their murder of. women and children
talked with them as man to men. And
one* of the indunas answered: "Mv
father, greatest of chiefs, you have trust
ed us and w© have spoken. "We are *ll
here and our voice Is the voice of a na
tion. We give you on© word. It is peace
the war. is over."
For two months this man camped on
the. edge of the Matoppos, unarmed un
guarded, with nothing to prevent hostile
natives from attacking the unprotected
camp and killing the great white chief
By patience, tact and . wisdom he won
their confidence and induced them to
f* ome .» do . wn f . rom the fastnesses, whence
l L h ?£ be «n Impossible to dislodge them
At *l he c i°? e u°. f , the last 'n<3aba he said
to the rebel chief :, "Mr. Colenbrander and
I have now lived two months among you
L was 1 ?, dvl ? ed . to te ? T you and 1Iv e among
th© white impis. I said 'No: I will live
among my children and carry no arms in
my * ha /? d/ , w « I"** to you to. bT^ood
and will forget the past. The lndunai
must prove their loyalty. I <j o not be^
lleve they will fight again." In return
rr e e h y t. C St < hW." Chlef and ' ather: "J^
It was amone the boulders on the hfeh
est of the Matoppo Hills that Cecil
Rhodes not long »«ro swifted a snotfo"
his grave. -BERTHA H. SMITH
Hand Organ Trust
TALK about trusts," said a Cincin
nati business -man to an Enquirer
representative, "tfe* grind organ,
trust in this and big cities
beats them all. I -have taken the
trouble to inquire and I find tfcat the Ital
ians pay $1 to $2 a day for the -use of the
instruments en the streets. Some of the
men who handle the organ from place to
place work" from fifteen to eighteen hours
a day. Each has a regular run find knows
Just where he can pick up the pennies and
the nickels. ,If these orpnn grinders don't
pick up $l'a day they must make good for
the Instrument. One I spoke to had paid •
$250 and when .he "had. paid $100 more he -
would own. it. He is an exception to the
rule, for most of., the 'men do r.ot make,
enough to buy their meals' and. pay for
their roams. The. syndicate which controls
these hand organs is getting rich fast, if
the stories of those who haul them
around are to be 'believed."
TJbLE SUNDAY CALL..
13Ofcjff Off
THE MOSTli
PROMINENT
MEN AT THE
VATICAN
A GUEST OF
THE CATHOUC
CUERSY OF
CAUPORNTA-
holy father. When he holds mass It is
according to different circumstances In
different chapels, and when there are peo
ple that he deigns to receive the hall of
audience Is selected to fit the number of
'people to be present. Of course, you know
that the Pope never roes abroad beyond
the large gardens of the Vatican. It
row ladder leading down into It. ' When
this hiding ' place was' discovered In 1830
Its contents were elgnlflcant-A'iz., a cru
ciflx and two ancient .' petronels. > -'
. On the occasion , that mass , was to be
celebrated. In these secret chapels it was
customary , to inform the neighborhood by
some such understood signs as the hang
ing out of linen to dry on the ' ' hedges
hard by. . ;
.> The narrow escapes of some of the per
secuted priests would fill several volumes,
and for "thrilling .excitement that of
Father Blount at Scothey Castle, the old
house of the DarrallsJ on 'the borders of
Kent and Sussex, is a good example.
One Christmas night, toward the close
of Elizabeth's reign, the castle was seized
by a party of priest hunters, who, with
their usual mode of procedure, locked up
the members of the 3 family securely . be
fore starting on their, operations. In the
inner quadrangle of the < mansion was' a
very 'remarkable and ingenious device. A
large stone of the solid wall could be
pushed aside. Though of immense weight,
it was so ; balanced and adjusted that It
required only «a\ slight pressure upon one
side to effect an entrance to the hiding
place within. . Upon the approach of the
enemy Father , Blount and . his servant
hastened to the courtyard .and -entered
the vault, but In their hurry: to close the
weighty door- a small portion of one of
their girdles got Jammed in, bo that • a
part was visible from the outside. , For
tunately : for - the fugitives, ; some ono i in
the secret In passing the spot happened
to catch sight of this telltale fragment
and called gently to those within to en
deavor to pull it in, vwhich they eventu
ally succeeded in doing. ;
- At this' moment > the pursuers were at
work In another part of the castle, but
hearing the voice" in the courtyard rushed
Into it and ¦: commenced battering ; A the
¦, walls,- ¦ and at times upon " the < very door
of the ¦ hiding * place, which would : have
given way had not those within put their
combined weight against It to keep i it
f rom , yielding. It was a . pitchy • dark
. night and It .was ¦ pelting with rain, bo
after a time, discouraged at finding noth
ing and wet . to the skin, the soldiers put
off ¦ further search until the * • following
morning.
: Few , hiding places are associated with
so tragic a story as that at Moyles. Court,
Hants, "where -, the ; venerable ; Lady Alice *
Lisle, .in pure charity, hid: two; partisans
of ¦Monmouth; ; John Hicks i and Richard
Nelthorpe, after the battle of Sedgemoor,
,for; which humane 'action, she 'was' con-'
demned to be s burned alive by Judge Jef
ircj' 8 — a sentence commuted | afterward to
beheading.. It Is difficult to associate this
peaceful old Jacobin ¦¦* mansion - and the
simple : tomb \ In ; the ' churchyard- hard by
with ,so terrible a a , history. -fA dark: hole*
,a wal1 of the kitchen; is, traditionally/
Bam to be the place of concealment- of the
fugitives who threw themselves ' on Lady
Alice's mercy, . but . a dungeon-Ilk© cellar
looks a much more likely place.' .
A weird story clings" to the ruins of Min
ster Loyel- manor house, : Oxfordshire, the"
ancient seat • of the Lords Lo vel. -, After
the battle of Stoke Francis, the last • via
count, who had sided 'with the- cause of
Simnel against Klng-5tenry VII, fled back
to his house in disguise, but from the
night i of his return ;.< was never seen or
heard of . again,' and for nearly two cen
turies his disappearance remained a mys<
tery.^ yj; the. meantime the manor house
had been dismantled and the remains ten
anted, by a "farmer, but 'a -.strange dis
covery was made in the year 1708. A con
cealed vault was- found and . in it, seated
before a' table with a prayer book lying'
open upon ; it, .was the ¦ entire skeleton of
a man.v In the 'secret chamber were cer
tain .barrels and', jars,- which had con-f
talned food sufficient to last perhaps some
weeks, but - the ; mansion having been,
seized by the king ; soon after the iinfor
tunate' Lord Lovel is . supposed to have
concealed the probability Is that
unable to ¦ regain his liberty, the , neglect
of -a servant brought about this , tragi*
end. "'ffTtWTfflffinr */"!>¦ mMI IB ¦HI iiji
¦: :Hale House, Islington, had a concealed
recess behind the wainscot over the man
telpiece, in .which the Lord Protector was
.hidden. ; Adark' hole in one of the gable
'-ends: of , Crom well? House/ Mortlake (taken
.down in 1860), locally known as "Old Noll's
Hole." also afforded ' him shelter when his
-life was in danger.
would not be wen In a capital like Rome,
and It Is possible that he might be sub
jected to Insult or discomfort. ,
"A life more simple than that of the
Pope could not well be imagined, though
it Is full of " overwhelming toll— all of it
for .the good, and glory of the church.
There are , few . apartments In the world
Not far off, in an upper garret, is a hid
ing place in the thickness of the wall
large enough to contain a man standing
upright. Like the other, the door or en
trance forms part of the plaster wall
. Again, in one of the passages of this curi
ous old mansion are further evidences of
the hardships to which Roman ' priests
were subjected— a trap in the floor, which
can only be opened by pulling up what ex
teriorly appears to be the head of one of
the nails of the flooring; by raising this
a spring Is. released and a trap door
opened, revealing a large hole with a'nar-
It is triangular In shape and is opened
by a spring bolt that can be unlatched by
pulling a string which, runs through a
tiny hole pierced In the framework of th"e
door of the adjoining room. The door, of
the hiding place swings upon a. pivot and
externally is thickly covered with plas
ter, so as to resemble the rest of the wall
and Is so solid that when sounded there
is no hollow sound from the cavity behind,
where, no doubt, the crucifix and sacred
vessels were secreted.
cealment exists In one of the cables close
to the ceiling/
TO be for many years a staff secre
tary of Pope Leo XIII. and so to
be able to feel the influence of
and study the dominant character
istics of one of the great figures
of the world, is a privilege that many
people would wish for. One of the most
distinguished of the diplomatic secretaries
at the Vatican is Monsignor M. Antonini,
who is enjoying for the benefit of his
health a vacation tour of America, and
who for the past two months has been
the guest of the Catholic clergy in San
Francisco and other parts of the State. .
Monsignor Antonini is a man of most
charming personality and of great cul
ture. He has enjoyed his trip the more
from the fact that he is .very familiar
with the English language. He speaks
also six other languages, so that travel
ing for him is truly a matter of broaden
ing a mind that is receptive. His tour
60 far has been an endless succession of
visits, with Invitations, receptions and
addresses. He has many friends in Am-,
erica, to some of whom He has at various
times made Rome very pleasant, and
come of them are California people, who
have been more than gratified to renew
the friendship here. Monsignor Antcninl
has nothing but good words for America
and its people.
The distinguished churchman, who vras
Inducted into bis present office two years
before the death of Pope Pius IX. is also
Canon of the Basilica of St. Anastasia, a
church historically noted as being the one
under which excavations for early Ro-
man foundations were made during the
pontificate of Pius IX. The noted remains
unearthed included in part the site of the
ancient Temple of Hercules on the Roma
Quadrata, a long stretch of the Via Sa
crae, the ruins of the Circus Maxima,
and part of the wall built by Romulus
on the Palatine about 700 years B. C.
The church, which stands on the slope
of the Palatine Hill, aimoscin the center
of the Eternal' City, also contains the
most ancient relic known pertaining to
the mass. This is the chalice Qf St. Je
rome, dating back to the third century."
The altar of the saint Is also preserved
there.
No one who has visited this country
from Rome has been closer to the Pope
than Monsignor AntoninL Each day dur
ing many years has brought him into at
least brief touch with the holy father.
In speaking- of the daily life and the
health of the Pontiff, he said: "The pri
vate life of ! the Pope is so simple and
methodical that it affords little for dis
cussion. I know him as well as any one
could know him, and to me he is indeed
the king of kings, and the prestige of
his position is incomparable. Yet he re
tains at the age of 92 years the great in
tellectual force, the gentleness and pru
dence which have always been so marked
in his character. I hear constantly from
Rome, and the word comes that his Holi
ness is as well as when I left, when he
was in what might be considered as good
health, taking into consideration his ad
vanced sge and the demands which" are
dally made upon him. But he Is a very
careless person about his health. He is
frequently caught by the attendants run
ning from one room to another regardless
of the differences in temperature. And,
Etrange to say, he seldom contracts se
vere cold. He rises at 6, and, after say-
Ing mass and having a very simple break
last, he receives people from 9 o'clock
a. m. until 1 in the afternoon."
Monsignor Antonini . told . of the thou
eands of tourists who come to the Vati
can almost every week or month in the
hope of gaining a conference with the
Pope.
"People with all kinds of, prejudices
against him come there. First, many of
them come out of curiosity; "then their
curiosity turns to reverence, and when
they ha\e heard his gentle voice and hav e
¦een his quiet bearing their reverence
turns to affection. No man can resist the
SECRETS OF hidden ROOMS.
THERE lived long ago In the old
troublous times a Jesuit named
Nicholas Owen, who devoted the
greater part of his life to con
structing hiding places for perse
cuted priests.
The places were called "priests' holes,"
and were mad^ln various ways with the
greatest skill and ingenuity In the princi
pal Catholic houses all over England. ¦-
As Allan Fea shows in his very interest-
Ing book on "The Secret Rooms of Eng
land," no precedents were allowed to bias
the choice of hiding places in those who
designed them, for the more remarkable
the place the less likelihood there was of
Its being discovered. One house would
have its secret room In a 'chimney, en
tered from the hearthstone, though cases
are recorded in •which a chimney pot un
eullled by smoke has led to the detection
of the prey, another would utilize a sliding
or swinging picture, like that one in
Lyme Hall, Cheshire; an innocent looking
"settle" would prove the ' entrance to &
hole, or a false floor would accommodate
refugees.
At Upton court a curious place {or con*
before the crucifix. The next lipartment
Is his study, equally as plain, with a small
green baize-covered writing table. Here
the Pope has composed some of the
verses which have marked himjas one of
the best Latin poets of his tlmd If it be
60 that he is able he still writes some of
these beautiful' thoughts eVidry day.
When he passes the worltl w^U be the
richer by many wonderful UneSjSvhich he
has still unpublished. Other Apartments
in his private. suite are the library and a
¦few other rooms for the transaction of
affairs. Into all these rooms .tJevoted to
the dally life of Pope Leo no 'tfutsider is
allowed to penetrate. The Pe":pe always
dines alone and his fare is tfugal and
simple, as is the rest of his regimen. The
library Is perhaps the richest ijfc furnish
ings of all the private rooms, a|id tt is a
wonderful place with its thousands of
volumes. Besides the manyff valuablo
books that were owned by him as Car
dinal before his election to :||he papal
chair, there are numberless voiames sent
him by authors, and they represent some
of the finest things in Catholicjand other
literature. Every took sent iio him Is
bound in white satin, with the Pope's
coat-of-arms In gold. Everything about
the Pope, as far as possible. Is of the
purest white— his own color, and always
the color of his robes. Speaking of books.
It is wonderful that the Pope Is still able
to read and write without the use ot
spectacles.
"These rooms of the holy father hav«
no connection with the many rnag-nlScent
official apartments of the Vatican, about
which so much has been written. It Is
among these that are the ofllces of my
self and the other ' secretaries, who look
after diplomatic matters. The two men
who are privileged to be most constantly
with the Pope are his private servant, a
layman who has been with him In that
capacity for twenty years, and a priest,
who Is his private secretary. The holy
father speaks French well and easily,
with a slight Italian accent Liberality
of thought and a gent!" strength of pur-
pose are two prominent characteristics
noted In htm. Much of the money that
comes to him from gifts and other funds
he devotes to the most noble charities.
-He has recently built a splendid hospital
at Carpinatro. his native place, and thU
Is only one of his many benefactions. The
life of the Pope is not an easy one at any
time, as there is a vast amount of busi
ness that must come before him when he'
Is able to attend to it, such 'as the audi
ences given to pilgrims, the business of
Catholicism, the drawing up of encyclicals
' and briefs, many of which remain the
most • finished productions In Catholic lit
erature. For recreation now . the Pope
takes drives in the Vatican gardens, hia
only other relaxation being studying and
the writing of Latin verses.
"In the chamber of special audience,
one who has been so fortunate as to be
granted the h/nor of being received by
the Pope will 'never forget the delicately
sculptured face, with its great attention
and eyes of piercing gaze. One feels
strongly the combined goodness and
genius of the Pontiff in talking with him.
and ¦ when the audience is ended the in
telligent kindness of his look follows you,
as it called and entreated you from the -
soul when you entered. •
"Seated In an armchair with both arms
resting firmly on the sides— as is his wontjw
the Pope Immediately puts his visitor at
ease. He enters at once Into conversa
tion and draws out the best there is In
the one before him. His I3 a mind In
formed about all the problems of the
world and a mind that has studied well 1
the most important questions. His voice
Is still strong, at times wonderfully so—
a voice that fastens his words upon you.
and you leave his presence with a soul
cheered up and warmed. Many who are
despondent have been encouraged and
supported by the gesture of those fingers
stretched out to bless. He scatters the
peace of his own life among those who
are near him. I may say that myself
and the other secretaries in company
with me, so necessary are our duties,
form, almost a part of the life of the
Pope, and if the Papal See were to be
moved, even so far as across the world,
we would still be removed with it. For
me, there seems nothing more to say.
Simplicity and purity are the two word3
that seem to me most fitting by which
to describe the holy fat'her and his daily
life and surroundings. It Is a matter of
Impossibility to say upon whom the
mantle of the holy father would fall In
the event of his death, but I do not
think It would be possible for the Slstlne
Chapel to ever see a more beneficent or
lovely presence within its sacred walls."
This American tour Is the first vacation
of any Jfength in Monsignor Antoninl's
busy life, and was undertaken solely for
his health. He remains in San Franciscr*
but a short time longer, and then leaves
for. Salt Lake City, whence he will start
on -a tour of the Eastern cities.
A TOOL THAT ALMOST TALKS.
more simple than the private rooms of
the holy father. "In the sleeping-room the
furnishings are only what is necessary— a
bed, a table and chair, and a prleu dleu
THE most . highly developed of ma
chine tools Is the automatic screw
machine and, like many another
contrivance for saving labor, its
home is New England. It Is a de
velopment of the ordinary steel working
lathe. . the intermediate step being the
monitor lathe, in which the various cut
ting tools protrude from the side of a
steel ; turret like 13-inch guns from a bat
tleship turret. „ In the ' non-automatic
screw machine the turret'is revolved by
the operator, so as to bring each tool into
play, Just as the turret on the old Mon
itor was revolved to bring one gun after
another into action. But in the automatic
machine the work is done without human
guidance.
In jnaking screws, nuts, bolts, studs and
other ; small pioce3 that must be turned,
drilled or threaded for watches, clocks,
typewriters, electrical Instruments and
other ¦ mechanisms, all the. operator has
to do is to feed the "stocw"— a long, thin
rod of steel or brass— to the machine. The
feeding mechanism carries the rod slowly
forward Into the field of action. The.tur
ret advances and puts its first tool at
work on- the • end of tho rod. When this
tool has done its task the turret with
draws it. turns and advances a second
tool into action. Each cutting tool
around the turret has its distinct work
to perform— one cutting a thread, another
shaping a head, another putting on a
point, another drilling a hole, still another
putting on knurling. The turret auto
matically brings each of, perhaps, six
tools Into action, and when the work 1*
finished the completed screw drops Into
a pan, while the "stock" Is automatically
fed forward to begin the complex opera
tion again. A stream of machine oil
pours continuously on the work to carry
an ay the heat and the little metal cut
tings collect in a heap under the ma
chine.
Hour after hour this wonderful automa
ton goes through its cycle of operations,
the turret clicking every moment as It
brings a new tool forward. Small brass
pieces, on which but one tool cuts, are
dropped at the rate of four a second.
Large screws of complicated design, upon
which a whole r turretful of tools must
work, are cut from a steel rod at the
rate of one or two a minute. So perfectK
are these screw machines constructed
that an unskilled workman can operate a
rcw of them. All he is required to do U
to keep them fed with ""Block." la aomo
shops girls tend the machines.— Frank
11U Fayant, in February Success.'
_____ •¦¦'¦*1 ¦ ' ¦ • ' ¦-
THE SUSTDAY CALL.
Monsignor M. Antonini - staff Sec
retary to Pope Leo XIIIter since it was reopened as the "home of
burlesque," Is another beautiful California
girl whose debut oh the stage was en
tirely unpremeditated and unsought.
When "Trilby" created its first big
sensation in this city a mutual friend
eulogized the beauty and strength of her
voico to the .manager of the company. He
sought her out and asked her to sing-
sensation in vaudeville, for at that time :
the genuine colored comedian was- almost
wholly unkriown In the, best theaters.
They open at the California Theater to-,
night at the head of. their own company,
and it is their boast that they travel it>
their own private, car, never play "one
night stands," are bookea year in and
year out in New York, Boston. Philadel^
phia, Chicago and San Francisco and are,
both getting rich, i all because of the craze
for coon songs and somebody tossing
them that has been enthralling the whole
country for the past several years. •
They have also demonstrated that there,
.... .... .. ».-.. .......... 1. . .... - ¦
Since that memorable . Los Angeles en
gagement Williams and Walker also
boast of singing coon songs before the
Prince of 'Wales, now' King of England,
by royal command, at a special-perform
ance to show their skill at ragtime. Vau
deville pays. •': \
¦-' . ¦ * s , _a- • .
That is the avowed reason why so many
renowned actors and. specialists desert
the . "legitimate';' for vaudeville, and the
latest accession' is the "ijPony Ballet,"
which will be-. seen" and,; heard at the Or
pheum this afternoon for the first time.
The "Po^iy Ballet"' -is an English crea-
•'Ben Bolt." She rendered it for him
without hesitation— giving to her sing'.rg
that appealing, pathetic quality that
made tht> play one of such exceptional
human interest. He engaged her at once, '
and v.'ith less than a day's notice she .left
the city and sang the old classic melody
throughout "the . United States while
"Trilby" was all the rage. . v
When Augustin Daly saw her and heard "
her sing -he engaged her at once, to play
Juno In "The Tempest," and thus in less
than -cne . season, without any previous
training, without any ambition what
ever to be an actress, she suddenly
found herself one of the most popular
beauties in New York. The great man
ager proved her talent by making her
one of the leading features of "The
Geisha." "The Circus Girl," "The Run
away Girl." "The Turtle," etc. Her
singing of "I Love You" was the sensa
tion of New York just before she re
turned to San Francisco to fill her pres
ent engagement. .
. A few years ago Bert Williams, a giant
been specially engageo. ror MacDowell s
big Sardou season at the -Grand. Her
mother's ambition has been realized , in
her unexpected talent.
? ? ¦ ?
Lillian Coleman, who has been the
prima donna soprano ¦ at Fischer's Thca.-
darky over -six lee'*, van, ana George
Walker, his more. diminutive" companion
of the same dusky hue, were* found in this
city and rushed off to Los Angeles to till
a "stop-gap" of two or three nights at
the'Orphejim, caused by the sudden ill
ness of a member of the company. They
remained eight weeks I and ¦ . were a big
is money In song writing, it was Wil
liams. who wrote "You Ain't So Warm,"
"Goo-Goo Eyes," "Why Don't You Get a
Lady of Your . Own?" "The -Medicine
Man," "Ghost . of a' Coon" and • more ; re
cently "The Phrenologist Coon," which
he sings, with 'the. Creole chorus In "The
Sons of Ham." ¦ , : ' . " .. : ~--
tioii, made up of •., eight pretty 1 girls, all
selected to look as much alike' as possi
ble. How or where the name originated
even the member's, of the I'Poriy Ballet"
themselves; are not absolutely sure. The
all-Important fact Is that. "they. v were
brought from London to " be the star at
traction of a'newmuslca) ojmedy In New
York. They still remained the sensation
of the East even after the musical com
• edy they had come to brighten was
shelved and . forgotten. Hence the vaude
ville debut.
'Like' the genuine London Gaiety Girl,
the beauties of the "Pony Ballet" have
been trained from Infancy for the . parts
they play until they are expert In singing,
dancing and gymnastics generally. . Of
.course there have been many imitations
since they came to America. Whether
this Is the original "Pony Ballet" only
the manager himself knows, but they are
all reputed to be exceptionally pretty and
clever. That should suffice.
And so it came about that, obedient to
her mother's wishes, she came ' to'' this,
city a year ago, where one of the local
managers gave her an opportunity to
demonstrate what she .could do! She
proved her. worth right speedily. In less
than four weeks she was leading lady of
a big read company, and now she has
But her "mother was ambitious for tier
Secretly her • mother had always cher
ished a desire to be an -actress and' was
only deterred from going on the stage by
her parents' strong objections. She was
determined, however, that her daughter
should do what she had not been per
mitted to do, and her constant hope was
to see Miss Lillian a surcess'ful actress.
with her books and her domestic accom
plishments in her little home in Fresno. "
In the ordinary course, of events th<j
stage-struck girl finds her first and great
est difficulty in overcoming parental oil
position. In the debut of pretty Liliian
Albertson, who is one of the chief sup
port of Melbourne MacDowell and Florence
Stone in "Gismonda" at the Grand Opera
house, the reverse was the case. She wa3
never stage-struck, had no histrionic am
bitions whatever, didn't care. particularly
even to see a play and was Quite content
And this is the genjus whose art we
shall study ajrain after several years' ab
sence in four recitals at Metropol tan
Hall, beginning Tuesday evening, April 15.
At the end of .that time she astonish* d
on both sides of the Atlantic. Her great
t'one, her massive strength, apparently so
unexpluinablo— for she is a person of such
slight physique— astonished no less lhau
the refinement and musical qualities of
her melody work. At last sh\? had fingers.
From Leschctizky's point of view ehc
had no fingcrn — music she had, but fin
pers? No! So at It she vent to build a set
of ten fingers capable -of responding to
the fiery and untamable musical spirit
r/ithin. Five yenrs: It seems a very
long time. It means no end of -drudgery.
But it counts.
But she has also proved that genius is
as much a matter of p :rs:veranca a.3 hard
woric. In this regard It v.T.I surprise thoy
believers in the divine gift to learn trat
Mrs. Zcteler has teen taking !c: sons all
her life, even though her inherent talent
has long been accla'mcd as remarkable
ij, j- t ge!f. After stn^tylng u^^er some of
the best tcac ¦icis in the v.'or'.d, ar.d even
after s!ie h?.£ won ir.terr.alicr.al fan 2 as
a piar.iFt, she was advised to go to Vien
na to Leschetizky, the instructor of E-se
poff. Pr.dercv,-ski, ELvlnak*. Gabrtt lrnte-h.
Hambouri?, etc.. and iearn how to be an
artist. So to l^eschetizky Fannie Bloom
field went, and for Sve long ar.d haru
working years she stayed there.
In the musical world this renowned
artist is unique. Her specialty Is that
she has none. She seems to be able to
f nter into the spirit of all the great com
posrrs alike. She has often been com
pared to Rubinstein, who was a great ad
mirer of her art. By many other critics
she has been called the "Sarah Bcrnhardt
of the piano," because of the unusually
fascinating temperamental side of her
artistic nature. She has played ever since
she was G years old, until it has become
the popular notion that she couldn't help
being; a mu.su a- gev.Ius if she tried.
•JL y OTWITHSTANDIXG that Napo
f\\ "leon proved genius nothing more
I Y than a opacity for hard wcrk,
V *" the great public stiU bel'eves that
it is a divine gift, which needs
only managerial exploitation to win both
fame and fortune for the lucky possessor.
Thus romantically are all artists— pianists
and singers in general, and Fannie
Bloomfieid-Zeisler In particular— invested
with a gclden halo. •».
THE ST7NI>AX/ CALL.
15
AMONG
THE
ENTERTAINERSTHE SUNDAY CALL,.
16SAjN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 6, 1902-^ORTY PAGES:
Senator Fairbanks Points Out the Dangers
From Chinese Labor.
SHOWS EXCLUSION
TO BE NECESSARY
Prince of Wales Is Expected to Accept
Invitation to Visit America,
CORDIAL WELCOME
FOR BRITISH HEIR
STATESMAN ' WHO MADE AN
ABLE ARGUMENT FOR CHI
NESE EXCLUSION. " .
HEIR . TO BRITISH THRONE
' r .'AND AMERICA'S REPRESEN
TATIVE. AT LONDON. :
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— Sanf ord . B.
Dole, Governor of Hawaii, left' Los ?Ang&,'
les this afternoon over the Southern" Pa
cific for -Washington.
Dole on Way to Washington.
Death Comes Before an Election.
: . GRAND RAPIDS." Mlch..*April 5.— A. *A:
Rood," ; Republican > candidate ; for. Mayor,
died early to-day i'at • Butterworth- Hospi
tal \ot I typhoid : f even * The • election ' takes
place next Monday. . .-".-_ .-•¦: : --. r: ..
, ; : HAVANA, April 5.— The jury,; system In
police courts throughout the island ; has
been . abolished : ; by ' the Secretary ; of Jus-^
tice.'i. The] Audiencia; courts' asked !for" the
abolition of "the f system;',' as : it > had j proved
to be a' failure."
Abolish a Cuban Jury System.
LONDON, April 5.— There has been an
extensive, curtailment of the outout" of
yarn ' from American cotton* in all the
spinning .: towns of Southeast Lancashire
in consequence of the unsettled condition
of trade. At least 10,000,000 splndlea are
partially Idle, while 20,000 operatives are .
working on short time.
Idleness in Spinning Towns.
Government of Salvador that the Salva
dor Arbitration Commissioners had no
jurisdiction to pass upon the questions
being argued before It, was without au
thority or sanction of the Salvadorean
Government, which consented to a sub
mission of the disputed questions to arbi
tration.
It was further stated that counsel for
Salvador have been given to understand
that the point was at variance with the
agreement under which the commission
was called together and that no official
notice would be taken of it. The com
mission proceeded with the' business be
fore it, namely, the claims of the Salva
dor Commercial Company. John P. Irish,
attorney for the company, made the open
ing address, and he was replied to by Mr.
White of Cotton & White, the Salvador
ean counsel.
"WASHINGTON, April 6.— It Is stated
that the point raised by counsel for the
LONDON, April 6.— A, dispatch to the
Central News from Vienna says that the
Sultan, at the Instance of the Russian
Consul " at Salonika, has dismissed Tew
flk Bey, -the VaU of that district, for kid
naping fifty-two Macedonian women as a
punishment of the Inhabitants of the
Dorieri. district, where an insurrection was
recently suppressed.
Sultan Punishes a Vali.
• "I have, no' interest In the '.use. by 'the
United : States , of : any, invention. Those
for- which I ;haye patents the , Government
is 5 free .to -use and, the members "of the
committee all ' know : lt, ; as I surrendered
my -legal rights .without ever, taking, any
profit for them ; from the United States
either: directly. or. indirectly, arid, the evi
dence-thereof-has. been presented to the
committee"." . : , •
.WASHINGTON, April 5.-€aptaln;Cro
zlei". said ;, to-day. In referring , to the pub
lished statement that the unfavorable re
port of the Senate Military Committee on
his '-nomination ' as . chief .'of ordnance was'
based 'on "the; charge .that he was inter
ested,in certain ordnance patents:
Legal Rights.
nance Says; He Surrendered
Officer' Nominated for Chief of Ord-
CROZIER. MAKES DENIAL
. * OF': THE PATENT STORY
SALVADOR'S SANCTION
WAS' NOT ' OBTAINED
Point Raised by a Lawyer Before
Commission in Washington Is •
'¦> 'At 'the . conclusion ;,'of ; Green's remarks
the general debate "closed and the House
at r .4:30 p. m^ adjourned.
• .Thayer ' of : \ Massachusetts ; addressed
himself, to the ship subsidy. bill, character
izing it as'a stupendous gift 'of enterprise;
v.OtJen' of 'Wisconsin . supported the;ma
jority, bill. Hooker of Mississippi favored
the re-enactment of the presnt laws^vHo
thought our." treaties -with China / should
»be scrupulously observed. Brick: of In
diana, Lloyd of Missouri, Kern of Illinois,
Cochran of Missouri and , Green of I Penn •
sylvanla spoke In support of. exclusion.
Brick; referred to the contaminating in
fluence of ; the" Chinese and to the ; neces
sity, " as a means of self-preservation and
self-defense,' of ' excluding the > Chinese.
Lloyd ' declared, in answer to the claim
that our commerce with Chiriashould not
be 'jeopardized,' that there was 'something;
more important than American commerce,'
and ] that -was the- American;' family .and
home', which should be kept free from the
polluting influence -of the Chinese. , •«.
~ Grosvenor of Ohio asked and secured
leave to "print in the Record his reasons
for opposing- the provision In the minority
"bill 'to prohibit the use of Chinese sailors
on' American; ships. .;,''>-' -..' . .
; WASHINGTON, April E.-The ' Chinese
exclusion : bill was under ' consideration In
the House, to-day, general debate being
closed; -Without exception .the speeches
were. favorable to rigid exclusion and : ex
pressed • a', feeling of repugnance to tha
Chinese. ,Kahn*of California, the author
of the , bill, jj was gratified . during the day
at reaching. -an. und^rstandinr by which
most of the amendments proposed by the
Pacific Coast' people will be accepted by
the committee. V, This' probably will lead
to the. withdrawal of, the minority bill and
the passage of the majority measure. The
only, amendment at issue is on the sailors'
clause,, and 'this .'by agreement is to be
submitted to a vote. '¦ .' , .
FAVOR RIGID, EXCLUSION.
SAN JOSE. April 5.— That the heirs of
Peter Jensen, who was killed a week ago
while at ¦) work In the Pacific Manufac
turing Mill, In Santa Clara, Intend to sue
for damages for his death is evident In a
petition filed to-day in the Superior Court.
Carl Jensen, his brother, has asked for
letters of administration on decedent's
estate. The value is placed as "un
known," and among the assets Is given a
claim for damages against the Pacific
Manufacturing Company for his brother's
death, which is attributed to negligence
on the part of the company's employes.
The, other property is valued at $75. The
amount of damages that will be demand
ed Is not stated.
Court for Letters of Adminis
. tration.
Carl Jensen's Brother Applies in
PROSPECTIVE DAMAGE
ONLY ESTATE HE LETT
COPENHAGEN, April E.-The Lands
thing, or upper house. In secret session
to-day continued the discussion of the
Danish West India Islands treaty for
three hours, with no result. The debate
was heated and much excitement pre
vailed among the members. .It. is. hoped
that the meeting of the Landsthing on
Monday will enable the House to report
Its conclusions.
The opposition press is engaged in a vio
lent agitation against the Government.
The National Tidenge to-dgy -announces
that the right party of the Landsthlng is
cow in favor of the cession of the Islands
to the United States If the consent- of
the Inhabitants of the islands is obtained.
A meeting of the members of the oppo
sition in the Landstblng was held to-night
and an exciting debate occurred. A ma
jority of those present- declared them
eelves in favor of the sale of the islands,
but demanded that a plebiscite be taken.
That a Plebiscite Be
Taken.
Opposition Statesmen Now Demand
DANES WARMLY DEBATE
SALE OF THE ISLANDS
Captain Coghlan is carried as ¦ an ad
ditional " number [ in ; ; grade [ and thus his
advancement ;will. not Interfere ' with the
promotions." of '¦: the. captains "below him.
President ¦ Roosevelt's action was - influ
enced strongly, by 'a letter from Rear Adr
niiral ; Henry ,C. ' Taylor, the new chief of
,the rBur.eau . of/' Navigation, ' who, '" among
others,^earnestly urged the restoration to
Captain' Coghlan of the lost numbers.
j WASHINGTON, April 5.— The President
to-day signed /a pardon in the case of
Captain : Joseph . B. Coghlan, who lost
eleven numbers in his grade some years
ago as a "result of ' an unusually sharp
letter written by him to the detail officer
of. the Navy -Department.: As one of the
captains at the battle of Manila. Bay Cap
tain Coghlan was advanced so as to make
up a •good deal of the ground lost. The
President's action to-day makes up the
'rest of. the ground and places him at the
head; of the list of captains, along' with
Captain -Sands. At the retirement of Ad
miral Farquhar both will become rear ad
mirals; :.t ... / - ' . 1 .' .
Because of a Letter Is
Restored.
Naval Officer Who • Lost Numbers
COGHLAN/ NOW LEAI>S . '
,' : ON LIST : OF CAPTAINS
he invitation, of the New York Chamber
if ..Commerce to attend the opening of its
tew home.' .
Is at; Copenhagen at present, so no con
firmation • could be ! obtained ; this af ter
noon'-of the, report that he would', accept
Without any action on the bill the Sen
ate then, at: 4:35 p. m. went Into execu
tive session and at 4:45 p. . m. adjourned.
Concerning the Importation of Chinese
women - Into : this, country "for Immoral
purposes,' to ,v.hich. reference has been
made, Galliriger. suggested that condi
tions among other peoples .< than , Chinese
were very'' deplorable In San Francisco.*
Similar- conditions existed, according. • to
the authorities, ih Boston and New York,
and it was. not necessary, he said, to "go
far from the dome of the Capitol here in
Washington to find gross immorality.
PLATT'S PECULIAR VERSION.
Platt" of Connecticut insisted that the
United States could, not afford to disre
gard its treaties with any nation, par
ticularly with a nation which was un
able to defend itself. He desired to know
whether the definitions of the bill of the
excepted classes 6 were satisfactory to
China and- whether they were within the
scope of our treaty with China. He said
those definitions were fixed in this bill
entirely .; arbitrarily:;.' and he thought
China' might have a right to compjaln
seriously of the spirit- of the United States
in' construing' the treaty. * . . .
ing perpetrated. upon this Government in
the traffic of Chinese laborers.' --
;MANY TOBE INyiTED.5- ,v
Considerable* correspondence has passed
between *; the . chamber,' and 7 certain ; high
officials in' London, '„ but' it: is all', of .a pri
vate 'or;uhofflcial character. I \ , : ' ' 1"
V Representatives ; of all • the' leading jcom
merclal' bodies .'of -Europe' will 'be)inyited
to 'attend I the • dedication,', which ;• promises
tb??be : ah y event f * of international
tance.; ¦'. ..*.>-; :;' ';¦-;¦'.- .-•"¦/,¦ >- : '". :? '.'¦ .\ 'i'.\% .••.•-.•¦
; r LONDON, April 5.— The Prince of .Wales
NEW- YORK, ': April r 6.— There £ is "the'
highest authority ( f or ¦. the I statement ' serit
'out last : night 'that' the Chamber, of. Com
merce' of New" York will "invite , the. Prince'
of Wales to attend . the ; dedication; of .its
new] home in August* or September.; Nego
tiations J of • a semi-official ; nature have
been under, way" for the'last two months,
but' nothing definite will be' known*. until
May"or.*June.. ;';¦'-. .'.• . -, "¦';.. •••.¦'_ '.-v"" '"¦''
': As^ a matter ? of , fact, v no " formal : ; invita-i
tion has ¦ yet'been sent to the Prince j of
Wales,' in spite of 'statements ' to the con
trary, ;but ¦ it Is not too ¦ much . to -say/ at
this time • that '¦¦ such j an- invltatlonvWould'
be forwarded, ; with every prospect of '. its
aJcceptance. : ; . v ; ' . . .'.-.'' "-;':} .^f
' The ! matter, has not -beeni taken fby
the , "diplomatic representatives jot ,;.the
United States in London, save ln'the sense
that ! Embassador- Choate : happens Uo ; be
the ;r close ;: personal ;': friend •: of ' President
Morris K. Jessup and ¦ other, leading mem
bers "of 'the Chamber, of 'Commerce.' ' > '/;
ACCEPTANCE IS EXPECTED.
It is pointed out that Germany recently J
sent : Prince . Henry upon a visit" for tho
avowed purpose of Improving - relations '
between the two Governments, ; and
France is to be officially represented in
the ceremonies connected with the unveil
ing ; of the statue of 'Count" de Rocham
beau. ¦
WOULD BE WISE DIPLOMACY.
, Consequently ; It would not.be out* of
place or an unwise stroke of , diplomacy
for Great Britain to send, the Heir, to the
British throne to New York when 'the
new Chamber of Commerce building is
opened. For the entertainment of .Prince
Henry Congress appropriated $40,000i and '.
an appropriation of 510,000 has .been; made
for the entertainment 'of the French rep
resentatives. '"¦ .;" \ ;' V ¦ •¦ ::- ; K "-. '
Congress .will undoubtedly make a simi
lar appropriation in -anticipation of- the.
visit of the' British Prince, '.though doubt-;
less when r the bill; containing, tb,© pro vl- !
sion came .before Congress some' pro-Boer*
speeches would be made. This .» difficulty
could . be got • around, however, so that
nothing might j mar the .trip. • ' ¦ ;
The .President ;has -decided not to ask
Congress ; for ' a ; special ( appropriation-/ to
defray the 'expenses of Jthe^ representatives.'
of the' United , States ; to the" coronation "of :
the King. -The - civilian ; representatives'
¦will pay their own expenses,' and the'army'
and- navy; officers will be given, mileage!- '
¦~. .;¦-. v ingin.New. YorkT' he wlll.re
celve a cordial welcome f rom . official^ 'of
the Government. Deep Interest was mani
fested in official; and dlplomatidcircles to
day." when. It ..became known: that an Invi
tation had; been extended to the Prince to
visit this country. ; ~ ' .'
The action r of ¦ the British Government
"upon the invitatlor is problematical,' but
it; would not surpriso diplomats should' It
be accepted. .
: ALL BUREAU; 1406 a! STREET,
£ ¦*-;: N. W., WASHINGTON, 'April
B: 5.— If the Prince ;'of^Wales'at-
;tends "the opehingV of. theVnew
T*&S&r Chamber of . Commerce bulld-
There are no signs of weakening on the
part of the Senators opposed to Cuban
reciprocity.
Although not pleased with • the .order
announced. Morgan feels sure that the
Republicans will not allow the session to
close without a vote on the bill on ac
count of its effect on the coming election.
Opponents of the^Nicaragua bill will com
bine on the Spooner amendment, which'
authorizes the President to investigate
the Panama offer, and if the title be
found clear to purchase the property.
Friends of the Nicaragua bill will fight
this amendment to the very limit, and
when the final vote Is taken they feel
confident that the Hepburn bill will pass
by a eood majority.
Senator Morgan and other friends of
the Hepburn measure, however, are very
much dissatisfied because the canal does
not come before the Philippine tariff bill.
They will make a strong effort to havo
the order reversed, If possible, but Sen
ator Morgan- not being of the majority
party dees not feel at liberty to arguo
the political phase of the case with the
Senate leaders.
, WASHINGTON, Aprit 5.— The omission
of Cuban reciprocity from the Senato
steering committee's programme, as an
nounctd .to-day, caused some uneasiness
among friends of the bill until It was
stated by the committee Itself that it had
no significance. . The programme an
nounced to-day Includes only the Philip
pine tariff and the isthmian canal bills in
the order named.. This recommendation
of the order of business insures a vote en
the canal" bin . during tho present session.
Fairbanks \ said he did not know who
Dunn's Informant was, but there was
no doubt that - immense : frauds ¦ were : be-
Dlllingham inquired who Dunn's In
formant was. He said he V ; had been
called from the chamber by the vice pres
ident of the' Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany, who had denounced" the'statemenV
made by . Dunn as false.
Fairbanks read from the testimony
given by Mr. Dunn. before the Immigra
tion committee - to show , that, immense
numbers of Chinese were brought Into
this country bearing fraudulent certifi
cates of admission, many of them being
in collusion with the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company. '•, ' *3 j&H
Lodge said he would be entirely un
willing to vote for any measure which
violated, any treaty obligation.
Both Penrose and Mitchell assured Gal
llnger that there was no violation; of
treaty , obligations,' the former, saying
that the provisions regarding tho .ex
empted classes were based entirely upon
existing < law and regulations, and were
as liberal as they could be made. '
NO TREATY VIOLATION.
Galllnger of New ~ Hampshire indicated
his belief that the provisions of the meas
ure relating to the exempted classes
were in contravention of our treaty, obli
gations to China.
An extended debate ' upon some of the
provisions of . the . pending bill followed
Fairbanks' speech. ...
"The Republican' party adheres to the
wholesome doctrine of protection against'
unfair competition with alien cheap la«
bor. and the country Itself is the amplest
testimony as to the wisdom of this j pol
icy. The admission of 'Chinese laborers,
whose condition Is so far below ours, is
In flagrant violation of. the very, princi
ples and purposes of protection. It folv
lows as night the day that the lower paid
and the lower fed will cause his higheh
paid and better fed competitor to come
down to ' his unfortunate . condition.
Against this we enter' our protest. We
do It from no ungenerous motive toward
the Chinese empire; we do it out of na
tional self-respect "and In our national In
terest, and no one. can justly challenge.
the wisdom of «ur. policy."
"The American home Is indeed. the unit
of the republic. Abolish the American/
home and the days of the republic are:
numbered. Immigration which j ignores
this great potential ; fact > is a serious
menace and is not to be desired.
UNIT OF -THE REPUBLIC.
"That American labor is displaced by
the admission of Chinese labor and that
the opportunity of American labor Is cur
tailed to the extent that Chinese labor is
Introduced, is obvious.. The Chinese do
not harmonize with us. Upon their ad^
mission they become an undigested and*
Indigestible mass. A most serious objec
tion to the admission of Chinese laborers
is the general disregard of the home rela
tion, with all of its humanizing and en
nobling influences. ; ,-¦-,'
"We can conceive no worse misfor
tune," declared Fairbanks, "than a great
country with labor unemployed. A sur
plus in the labor market is one of the
serious probabilities that often face us.
measure for nearly three
hours. Tho .principal, speech of the- ses
sion was made by Fairbanks' ; df Indiana
In support of the bill. He analyzed Its
provisions to demonstrate they were. not
In contravention of our treaty with China
and discussed at length the right of Con
gress to enact exclusion legislation. 'He
maintained that it was a cardinal prin
ciple of this Government - to protect our
workingmen against such low-priced, labor
as would come to the'United States from
China.
\T *T7 yr ASHINGTON, April 5.—
B JH '-J' After passing _the Indian
R /H / appropriation-bill . to-day
Hr the Senate considered
r r the Chinese ; exclusion
Heydrfch, Raffioer & Co. are proprietors
of an extensive cordage factory in Ha
vana. The treasurer of the company says:
"The depressed condition of business In
Cuba forced us to close our mill several
weeks ago. This threw nearly two hun
dred men out of employment/ We cannot
resume, our business until there is some
promise 'of better; times in the , /island.
There is now no prospect of such. revival
for some 'time to come. . Merchants ¦ of
Cuba are in a worse state financially than
at any time within the recollection of tho
oldest merchants here. It is conserva
tively estimated that at least 73 per cect
of the mercantile houses of the island are
behind in payments and 25 per cent of
those actually doing business are Insolv
ent."- '¦¦'¦
MANY ARE INSOLVENT.
No man with whom I have talked so
far has hesitated in declaring that In all
the departments of the island, excepting
those of education and sanitation, Cuba
is worse off than she was in 1893 when
the people sought by revolution to. obtain
relief from burdensome and restrictive
economic conditions.
NEW YORK. April 5.— A Herald staff
correspondent writes from Havana under
date of April 2: I have had many inter
views with old friend3 and acquaintances
in many ' departments of commerce and
industry. There is much private assertion
that Cuba has been as much under mil
itary absolutism as she was in the old
Spanish days. An American official who
has been here for the last three years*
said in very positive tones: "Cubans
hate us."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April6.-It was quite ap
parent at 1 o'clock this (Sunday) morn
ing in many sections of the city that the
saloon-keepers gave earnest consideration
to what occurred at the policemen's meet
ing yesterday afternoon, for they closed
their places at 12 o'clock sharp. Before
midnight they were free In saying that
they believed they would be arrested if
they violated the closing act and that
they did not purpose to take any risks.
Resorts that for years have been open all
right long put out their lights at 12
o'clock, and their managers announced
that the doors would not open again until
6 o'clock Monday morning.
The ministers who are members of the
New York Conference of the Methodist
Episcopal church, now in annual session
here, adopted a resolution Indorsing the
New York policemen for rebelling against
the system of police protection which it
is alleged has been in vogue In this city
for several years.
When entrance cannot be obtained to a
barroom where drinks are being sold the
policeman on post win visit a Magistrate,
after first telling his captain what he is
going to do, and get a warrant for the
barkeeper's arrest This will be a search
warrant, and will empower the server to
break into the saloon and make the ar
rest. In carrying out the scheme the pa
trolman's brother in arms, who is off
duty, will volunteer his time to assist the
nan on pott. Some of the policemen
look forward to no sleep to-morrow be
cause of the double work to be dne.
It is understood among- the men .that the
enforcement of the law is not to cease at
eundown. They have agreed to continue
their crusade until E o'clock Monday
morning, when the law permits the sa
loons to reopen. They also agreed not to
confine the enforcement to the excise law
alone, but to close all other illegal estab
lishments they may find In operation.
ENDORSED BY MINTSTEBS.
WILL GET WARRANTS.
NEW YORK, April 5.-At a meeting of
policemen of Greater New York to-day it
was decided that the policemen would do
ail In their power to keep closed every
liquor saloon in the city to-morrow. Each
of the eighty-one precincts of the city
was represented at the meeting. A num
ber of the men present pledged them
selves to make arrests for excise violation
to-morrow, even though they might not
be en duty when such cases were called
to their attention. It was expected that
SOO or 400 men would be present at the
meeting. Instead more than 1000 men
¦were in the halL Many of the men present
were members of what is called "The
Second Platoon," who are on duty from
6 o'clock in the evening until midnight.
These men promised to forego their rest
in order to assist the men on post to stop
the Sunday selling. The men who are
assigned to court duty and other speclsl
details made the same pledges. It was
agreed that experienced men would be
bx each station house and Magistrate's
Court to aid In obtaining warrants when
they might be required.
; In 'the case before us there. is no statement
of fact by you . upon ¦ which r to give an of flcial
opinion aa to the law and I do not understand
that one has been requested. • A . number of al
legations and • some testimony have* been sent
me and. they are sufficient to challenge - atten-;
tion.* But the "flrst^ thing, to bn clone Is to'as
certain whether ; the allegations r ' are - true. I
havefendeavored, ;as welj.. as ¦ ii could: In ad
vance..'to, Indicate' the . law to,be applied 'to
them, ¦ and • shall only- add that, among '."the
points ; by ' which I am to.be guided are the
systematic character of the , transactions, . their
greater or ' less : extenslveness, their . persistence
in I time. ; or ; ;the' reverse, -.their; governmental
character or.theabsence of It. their objects' and
results^and ¦ principally, of ;' course, t, their' rela
tions, if any, with the prosecution of "lithe mili
tary operations In' South' Africa]
.From all that, has been said I think that It
may be concluded that In determining whether
a transaction of the kind referred to, 'which, In
one ' respect'. Is commercial ' In -'character^ ; la yet
not '.entitled •, to - enjoy .. this'.] rights . belonging ¦ to
commerce, but Is prohibited b jr. the . neutral ac
tion and Itn people as being an aid to one of the
belligerents in 'carrying,. on war. against the
other, the criteria are practically . impossible
to , Bpeclfy , and .enumerate In .advance. • Each
case that arises, must 'be considered In all its
circumstances : and determined accordingly.". '-'
RIGHTS OF i • COMMERCE.
"While discussions of such matters have, as
in the Alabama claims cases, principally con
cerned war vessels and expeditions by sea., it
cannot be doubted that aid Riven 'to an army
engaged in actual : warfare etands on the same'
fooling as aid given to a fleet so engaged, since
both ¦ equally ; Involve : : a / taking part by - the
neutral in furthering: the military operations of
the belligerent; j Nor should the municipal
laws of England and the United States, or of
other countries, ; by principally dealing with
such vessels and expeditions, 'observe the fact
that aid can a» well_be given to military oper
ations of the belligerent the one way as the
other, by proceedings carried upon the neutral
territory.'": . ¦ .,:':•' ¦"'...•..'-' . ' .
Attorney.' General Knox virtually de
cides that the neutrality law has not been
violated by 'the British/ He enters Into
a long citation of cases in the nature of
precedents and . says in conclusion :
- WASHINGTON, April 5.— In response to
Governor Hoard's request for a statement
of the law bearing upon the operations
of the British officers at Chalmette, La.,'
Secretary Hay has responded by direction
of the President; that he has ordered a
thorough investigation to be made into
the operations at that camp.' The Sec
rotary has received ah opinion from the
Attorney, General on the purely legaf as
pects of the. case, which is in exact; line
with the policy heretofore pursued by the
Department of. State in this matter.
• The South African 1 casualty ' list Issued
this shows 'that the losses , sus
tained by ..the Second Dragoon Guards in
their, sharp rearguard action" with ;the
Boers/near BoschmansyKop, during the
evening of March 31 were' severe. /Two
officers were killed and five were wounded
and eighteen i men .'. were killed and fifty
eight were wounded. • ¦
NEUTRALITY NOT VIOLATED.
. :J;\ GOOD ENOUGH : AT FRONT.
'¦';."< '•"•',' ¦' . '¦ ¦ ¦¦¦:•,.¦(¦¦--.(.¦•.¦.!.¦.",
»! Lord. Roberts," it' was semi-offlciallyl an
nounced,'^TBTaa: making. ;,an^lhvestlgation
and^intended^to^inflict 'toe^fmost serious
• punishment f on^any .i, Brj tlsti *6fBcer found
guilty of such- conduct.' ; Privately and In
letters to the; press many' colonial , officers
have frequently; complained '"that: "they
are good enough at the front, but are not
wanted '• at v a? Cape Town • hotel 'or 'in- a
London drawing-room.' 1 ¦ ' ¦¦:..¦.:¦'.,".?,¦ ,
LONDON, April 5.— The gallantry'of the
Canadian, troops at the engagement with
the Boer3 near Harts River, Southwestern
Transvaal, March 31, attracts unstinted
prais« from the British press. '..These com
ments form a striking contrast to the re
cently printed notification that the atten-"
tion of Lord Roberts/ the cdmmander-in
chlef, had been drawn; to various, cases
where colonials^ who j had been awarded
commissions were' treated as inferiors by
the ' regular. ¦ ofHcera -'and"\)therwise made
to feel that they : were only members "of
the mess by. sufferance. . .',¦ -, < -
The casualty list shows that the Second
Canadian Mounted Rifles had four officers
wounded, nine* men killed and 'forty men.
wounded. '-' •
BRAVERY OF CANADIANS.
PRETORIA. April 5.— The British losses
in the engagement in the neighborhood of
Harts River ; in the southwestern extrem
ity of . the Transvaal, March 31, ! were
three officers and twenty-four men killed
and sixteen officers and 131 men wounded.
The ; Boers admit that . they lost 137
men killed or wounded. . The action
occurred ': at' Doornbalt farm, a few
miles south of the scene of General
Delarey's defeat of General * Methuen.
The Boers, who were commanded by Gen
erals Kemp and Potgleter, attacked with
great determination, but the Canadian
contingent; which was; th'e last to arrive
in South Africa from Canada, - arid two
squadrons of yeomanry under ; Colonel
Cookson, and the artillery . and mounted
rifles under Colonel Kier,. presented such
a stout front that ' the burghers ' were
finally forced to retreat.
Many of the Business
Men Are Reported
Insolvent.
Officers Work Over*
time to Enforce
Excise Law.
Neutrality Laws Not
Violated at New
\ Orleans.
Natives of the Island
Now Said to Hate
Americans.
Heavy Losses in the
Battle at Harts
River.
Protection No Longer
Given in Greater
New York.
Many Bluecoats Take
a Hand in the
"Rebellion."
Declared to Be Still
Under Military
Absolutism.
Boer and Briton Are
Still Fighting
Fiercely. I
BRAVERY
IS SHOWN
BY BOTH
POLICE
WAR ON
SALOONS
CUBANS
IN SORE
STRAITS
Pap 17 to 28
Pages 17 to 28|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 127.
RECIPROCITY UNCERTAIN.• BUTTE;- Mont.; April f. 5.— The 1 , caye-in
last night j in the . East Colusa mine, as - a
result of •'. which * twenty • men ;.w;ere ' • report-;
ed! killed,' s proved! to ;beTof '•'small Vprbpbr-^
tions.""'!, No : one .was killed* and but : two j or
three were slightly injured." A consid-
Injuries -but; No; Deaths.
Map Loses • a:To-«mi '
i'- EL. PASO.Tex.; Apfli: IJ^-Kewr> has' Just
reached .here " that'; the ' to wn ¦ • of ¦, '\ Santa
iRoaa;".N. : '?M.i. wasAelmdst -. completely
wiped off.. ttKr ,majr»'la*t} night • by. r-flrc.
.Twelve business chouses burned.*, Dy
.narflite>. wasJURed?.to stop the prijgx.ess of
tloej aaraes* <m tio 'water.r could' be secured.
No . tctknale ' can >yet^be« obtained "on ' the
lOSB. r-- .¦•':. 'rr-z n<"?i'fl*'l 4 r'V> i V->^'"V'> ~?r>r '• '
,.The sensational. feature of the day's de-^
velfipments jvas the raid of the .Chief ; and"
five pollcemen r on" the home : pf Dunn's' at-;
tornej-t ' ex-County :' Judge . S; 'i B. -j Amlflpn,
and : two of his friends, 1 . Dr. r Caves and" P.~
B.v'-Qarcelon.^.-.all^ prominent; -citizens..
Amidon Js i the. law .'partne.xv.of ..the present
County Xttorney, r who- held Dunn. here >f or
alleged i bigamy. ;\Threat3i bti suits against
the : police are rhad'e for. goinglhto private
houses; in ' search • :Dunn^without '¦• a
search warrant.. , T ..-.; ' ! ; : - . ;
WICHITA, Kana., April 5.— Governor
Stanley and Assistant ,' Attorney General
Hamilton ;. comDleted the < Investigation of .
the escape of Dunn to-day.^: Hamilton ,wlll
make a private report • to the v Attorney
General '• showine, It is thoucht,; some lm*
portant '• finding's.- Governor Stanley - says
that* Dunn is still In Wichita. .:; ', V-- : - -C
Escape.
More , Sensations; Begin' to Develop
in the Case of Dunn's '
TOJiICB\TLAip HOUS3B > ¦ , ,; v -
- OF PROMINENT LAWYEB
Frank II* Carnes Seeks Dam
ages for Alienation of^ .Wife's
'"¦'\- V Affections. .>;';:¦
NEW YORK, April 5.-^-Frahk M. Carnes
to-day sued his partner,' Arthur" N.' Han
son, -for $25,000 damages for. allenktlon of
his wife's affections, and the defendant
was j^rrestedl Judge* Greenbaum fixed ball
at $5000, and'ln" default of this security
Hanson ; was sent to "jail. ,
';In the papers filed Jn. behalf '.of Carnes
it is stated that Carnes 'married' Nellie
R. Kane in March, 1894, and that In 'No
vember, '' lSOli, •; Mrs. Carnes accozhpahied
Hanson- to., the' ,Waldort-Astor.Ia Hotel,
where they registered a.s Dr. ; Wai ton and
wlfe.I'Jt Is fjurther allaged that the couple
registerj&d at other hotels.;. - \- ¦ /
; Th,e -.couple 1 became acquainted, accord
ing .tor Carnes, !at .Seagate, arid he'Jearried
. that his' wife was '..writing letters to , Han
son, makingr comments/ about. -'him.'. At
tached to the complaint of Carries is I a.n
affidavit made by William H. Htggins, a
former partner , of ~ Haiison. ,'Higglni- al
leges that Mrs. Carnes 'frefluently. called
at the ofllce of ihe firm and spent hours
with Hanson, and. that Hanson frequently
referred to . her. as : "Little; Sunbea'ra," I "-, •:
a Attach' fd to the : papers is a letter .which
Carnes alleges, was 'to 'Hanson', by
j h ?»; ¦¦i!?lf$. i and which" is jl? part .'as., follows :
m Dearest-: ;.Hpur^ ; and inlnute^ 'haye {dragged
fine* Monday. laornlnt,. for. I have been too ill
, Jo. dq, anything', but lhiak,*arid '¦ thinking In- my
'^rcronr- state,* is -the worst- thing lean -do. So
miinypfetty tWnsi,^were &iven.nie'atan> birth
.Qay : psxtr.".,. among* them ar.box -of : beautiful
fl0W£rs..-s«n«.'O* .whictL X. eh<jujd.,liflve liked to
transfer .to you t becau?^ I know that 'you -like
them as I'tJo. •• How '1 'long; •to'see'y6u,' / dear.
I pronisefl to let you alone this wfeek,r bnt I
am afraid -l-fmnaqti; -Will aU love. , NELL.:
HJgfilns.; .that., he .Expostulated
witii Mrs. Ckrtfe> and liansdri: and that
the'- W'omdn feplUid: i''6h;any' husband is
-flopy.c?:! <<an -tkliA'card 1 of.^my-serfiall
WBht." .•s-.'-.-.VviVt'-.t^. KiVfiltzS \J.\i ]'«•«"
CAUSiES THE ABBEST
'h 'I"-- OF^PARTNEB ' HANSON
Murphy Held forjTriaL . ; : .
• LOS ANGELES. April i 1 - 5.— Harold.: I.'
Murphy - was held to-' answer :.to-day..» by
United States Commissioner; Van-. Dyke on
a charge of rifling a registered' mall bag.;
tTliifedVerds Strike Ends.
..PRESCOTT. Ariz..; AprU 5.— Th© strike
of 'smelter, and '¦ converter men "rat the
United 'Verde mines, which had; been on
for several days*' at -Jerome, was settled
to-day and the men will go to^Work on
Monday morning; : ¦»¦ ••:"•; >^ >>
BEATRICE, Neb., -April 5.— The State '
Bank at Ruskin, Neb.',,wasrrQbbed.of$16,r :
000 in cash at midnight last. night.'", /
The bandits,' supposed' to be five in num
ber, gained -entrance'' to. 'the .bank |6y v pry.- .
ing up . a _ window and S then " opening . the
front doors of .the building. iHole^' were
drilled in the doors , of the hank safe, and
large charges of j nlfro-glycefm' exploded
simultaneously. 1 . The> explosion blcw.both'
doors off; the hinges and made access.to
to the money, box easy. K The* robbersitOok
all t he currency and pfeper. money }n the
bank.'- : . „ :'¦ ¦'¦¦¦ .n •¦'¦ --"vj .- aS._ \_-r->. -
The ; noise of .'the ar«us,e.'d. the ;
inhabitants of the .'tittle towhY.'aiid'rush-'
ing'to ithelr windows' they » discovered '
three of -the robbers making off to the
westward. " : The ' 'Beatrice * '* blbodhotinds
were at once telegraphed, for and wentcto
Ruskin; on a special train. « Arriving at
Ruskin ! the : dogs were j taken :,to .the -bank
and fat once took \ up the ¦ trail ,'of three i
of k the robbers to a' spot about a half-mile
.west of .Ruskin. ' , , . . ¦. '-. . ', . ;
1 The ' dogs were I then brought - back to ¦
the \ bank ; and took ,the trail of.- the other
two men to the southwest. 1 The two trails
finally joined about a', mile -west of Raa-i
klnr.where ..the entire party t had . mounted
horses. ; The dogs are still on a trail in. a
westerly and it jls thought\the
"robbers were riding" in -an effort to "reach
the main' line of the 'Burlington' road to
".ward Denver. " • .- ' .
VALLE JO, April 5.— Annie Evelyn, tha
little daughter of Mr. and Mrs.. Ignacio
Martinez; descendants of the family from
which Martinez was named,- died in this
city to-day, of lockjaw. Three weeks ago
th^ little girl stepped. v pn; a nail. The
wound was not considered serious at first,
but, lockjaw ' developed ! and : the 'little one
suffered greatly before death relieved, her.
Child Dies of Lockjaw.
Counties itt, Indian Territory.
..^VASHINGTON, .April.. 5..— Senator
Quarles ; to-day, introduced a bill ; provid
ing* for " the j div ision. ' of *" Indian' Territory
into counties *,apd : the establishment of
cdunty seats. '/The bfll also gtves the Ter»
rltory .a Delesrat.e in .Congress and a for
mal-territorial jpovBrnment. ;¦ \
Bloodthirsty Dogs Find
I the Trail of Bankf '
¦•"¦ ¦ ¦¦•- . • ;
Engineers Furnish Pledges* : . : .-
; BUTTE, Mont.. April 5.-The ? situation
in connection with the recent walk-out of
the hoisting engineers is taking oh a more
favorable aspect. The Engineers' *1uhioh
has given out an open letter to President
Scallon ' of the Anaconda Cbppef -'Mlnfaitr >
Company, in which they pledge them-'
selves to the strict observance- of all)
agreements existing between them and'
the" company. *" ' . ' v .
HOUNDS RACE
AFTER BANDITS
His bail was fixed at $200, in default of
which he will remain In Jail. Murphy was
the driver , of the mail wagon between
Little Pvock and Falmdale. The. alleged
robbery occurred* January 3, '.-when $30 in
cash and an order, for $60 In favor of one
Tilghman,' a forest-'- ranger, disappeared.
The-* order was 'cashed by Murphy la Saa
Francisco..- ' ',7 ¦¦•• '¦>. ¦ r»-v '
erable quantity of earth shifted, causing
a hols about fifty feet square in the work
ings and diverting the water of Silver
Bow Creek, which for a time was diffi
cult to handle. The pumps of the Leon
ard mine were utilized and the water is
now under control. The damage will be
slight. . . .¦;./. :
Killed by I'all Frbza Wagcn.
EL» TORO,. April 5.— Jacob rYatger and
Ed Leonard were driving a spring wagon,
laden -trlih proVisfohs, "about two miles
above the tin mines in .Trabuco Canyon
last night, when tht! horses ;. became
frightened and overturned thei wagon,
killing Leonard. He was . a; j-e^ident of
Anaheim, aged 55 years.
GUTHRIE. O. ¦„ T./ April 5.— The Co
manche County wired • Gov
ernor Ferguson 'thus evening Stating that
notices had been posted :all over' the city
of Lawton warning-negroes :to leave town
by to-morrow evening, that the city is
wild with excitement ¦and.&sking the Gov
ernor If he will order out the Territorial
guard if it becomes' necessary. Governor
Ferguson answered. ihat- every. Oklahoma
militiaman will be sent to Lawton to pro
tect-the colored citizens. -The trouble is
the result -of the- city -election on- AprlM,
when attempts we.re made. to keep the ne
groes from voting. .- .
• -BEAUMONT,-. Texas. April 5:—?'Whlte
caps" made an attempt to-day to drive
all the negroes from Spindle Top Hill.. A
notice was posted on_the property of the
Forward. .Reduction ..Company, ordering
that all negr6es*must: '->'•' •¦^- •••••
"'Glf.off the.Wll^at dnfce.,'or they •will be
dreys off."* ¦•_-;;;;; r '.; . -r^z ;
-» e>ti\ai *;"$Y, ordej:.: of- tris'I Whitecaps."
v .Thfi^noUce.::Hrhlch : v&s ;letter-al -rudely
on i-bo&tG wtirth^Ka<rthenbee;ri' attached
to a' Etake and if tick In the- ground 3 was
taken , to, thie.^ Beaumont btRcirk' 'of the
company, and then the Sheriff was noti
fied. • -He; sent a- deputy to the hill ;wlth
instructions to see that the negroes were
rot .Interfered with, and if possible to
learn the, identity .of v the men who posted
the "whltepap".; -njjtice. ;:iThe : -negroes
were todbsaty: frtehtenedlta identify any
of the Jjhitej'n&en ;and so r 'arr^sts' Svere
made. ..
;'-It-;is^expectca'fHhat -<fjxe V
•w}ll -make farther efforts.^and; take more
•.vigorous Eteps to drive.trie negroes away
from the hill. • In that case it is probable
that serious trouble will result
\ Special Dltpatcti to The ' Call.
Promise of Serious Trou-
- V Vble at Splc^le^Tpp^
NEGROES FEAR
THE WHITECAPS
WASHINGTON, April 5.— Papers' were
.filed jo^Jay -.before tbe "Spanish Treaty
Claims '" Ccmmlssion ' oh : behalf ' Of the
6i>enish^A.rnerican. Abattoir. Company for
JiSyrser, Hobbs A Clarice . Of New York
egelnst the United States, to recover $700,-
OOfr on account of a. franchise granted by
¦the' Spanish authorities to the- company,
-giving them the exclusive right to engage
in the stockyards and packing-house in
dustry at Havana, Clenfuegos and San
tiaeo. Cuba.
-The papers state that the franchise was
granted the Spanish-American company
In competition with'Armour & Co.';At the
time of "the insurrection, it is set forth,
all operations were suspended; since
which time, It is claimed, the grant, has
"been of jio value.. The right of action in
this suit. It Is claimed, comes outside the
opinion of the Attorney-Geoeral-^n.fran
chise -granted- toy the Bparitsh .authorities,
the -work* contemplated-: "not fceing in : op
'era'rJon" or' "having* eVer ' "been : Operated,"
whicK^t is aU'eged.' puts'lhe'claixni within
Abattoir c- Coiopaai- Jfekini, ' Suit
1 Against Government on a Span
ish Franchise.
WAISTS TO BECOVEB,
v>^; ITEAB.LY A MILLION
An army order says that Captain Wil
liam, S. Graves and First Lieutenant Jo
slah C. Minus, Twentieth Infantry, now
at San. Francisco, are ordered - to join
their regiment In the Department of the
Lakes.: ; ¦¦--. , . -„':¦ .;. ; .-; ,\ ¦{¦; * ¦;;
Paymaster J. ¦ C. j Sullivan is detached
from. the Wisconsin July 1 to his home to
await orders.
The naval appropriation bill for the next
fiscal year; as prepared by the House Na
val Affairs Committee; carries an appro
priation of $225,500 for , public works at
Mare Island Navy Yard and $478,500 -at
Puget Sound, besides $80,000 for a Mare
Island magazine. The bill also provides
for the completion of the Mare Island dry
dock. ; '¦ '•.'-.' > ',.'¦ "--y. "_ >¦ .¦ ¦
Navy orders announce that. Pay Inspec
tor J.' E.Cann is detached from the navy
yard, Portsmouth, N. H., June 1, and or
dered to duty on, the Wisconsin and aa
fleet paymaster -of the Pacific station
juiyi. : . .-;.-. . / .
Fred J. Mills of San Francisco has been
appointed / superintendent of construction
at the quarantine depot, San Francisco,
at a salary of $1500.' . • , ,
.Washington— Increase— Oren,'. S. Grow,
orting;$8. ¦¦":•'¦" "¦¦'¦¦ . : .';--"- ii; - u . ¦'-'¦•.:••- ¦¦¦¦>:><-¦¦¦,
These pension^ .were issued , to-day: Cal
ifornia—Original—Edward A. Williams,
San Jose, $10; John F. : Butler," Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8; John W. Reeves,
Oakland. $6; Charles C. : Morrell; Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles, $6. Increase— Henry
A. - Soderlund, San Francisco, $10; Israel
Dietrick, Smith River, $12; Elbert N. Nor
ton, San Francisco. $8. I Widows—Joseph
ine Lindpey, San Francisco, $8. .. ,
Oregon-TOdglnal— Thaddeus" . D. ' Bellin
ger, Sumpter,". $6: _ Patrick Klrie," Peridle
ton,.$6.'•.'¦ Increase— George Harris, -Glen-'
coe, $i7.v-- ¦¦:., "';^.. "... .::*. -;y' v .
WASHINGTON, April 5.— The Postofflce
Department to-day . announced the fol
lowing: Postofflce established— Washing
ton— Eltopia, Franklin County. Discon
tinued April 80— Oregon— Suplee, Grant
County, mall to Izee. Postmasters com
missioned—California'— Aaron Bretz,
Morro; Oregon— Guy Li. Lindsay, Alamo;
John E.Shavland,- Wren; Washington-
Walter W. Mansker, ; Eltopia. Appointed-
California— W. M. Beals, Piano, Tulare
County, vice F.^V. Reed, resigned; Wash
ington— H; L. Oliver, Granville, Chehalls
County, vice T..J. Hunt, removed.
and More New Pensions
.-.. ¦ ;¦'¦ Granted. • ,
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST ; TO PEOPLE
:-K^:'-\ OF THE '"¦', PACIFIC .COAST
WASHINGTON, April 5.— Secretary of
the Treasury Shaw has sent a letter to
each of the ladies who recently signed a
-paper addressed: to him complaining of ill
treatment, etc., at the hands of baggage
Inspectors at the port of New ; York. ; -
The letter-states that on receipt of the
petition. a circular letter was sent to each
signer asking, for a more specific state
ment and the facts upbn which ; the;'con
clusions recited In the .petition were
based. This circular was sent to 1020 la
dles, whose addresses were given, ln r the
petition. A little . over 300 were returned
for, want of sufficient address. Of the re
maining 700 the department has ; received
185 answer s on the following grievances: ,
'¦ "That receipted bills are not accepted as
proof of value; that duties are often Im
posed on old clothing; that trunks are
emptied on the wharf; that • Impertinent
questions are asked." The answer,- the
Secretary says, may be summarized as
follows: :
. Number who report Illegal demand by officer,
none; number who claim to have paid on non
dutiable articles. «: number who report having
hfcd . receipted bills as proof of value, 10; num
ber who say . receipted bills were v not accepted
8d proof, 1; number who claim receipted bills
were accepted as proof, 15; number who clain»
to have been personally humiliated by Imperti
nent questions, C: number who claim discour
tesy, 7: "number who eomulaln of Insolence of
ofilcers, 3; number who claim of discrimination
by -officers. 5; number who report having been
discourteously treated, 56; number who com
plain of delay, ti; number who have other
spscific.erievances, 16: number who -object to
method,pf Inspection, 40; number who say they
have hkd no personal experience, 12; number
who have not been abroad In three years, (J;
number who have never been abroad, 4; num
ber who report < having signed on representa
tion cf others,. 40; number who algned on gen
tral principles, 10; number who' object to-mak
ing any declaration, 41 ;• number who object to
the-.«100 limit. 03; number who report havinj;
bribed inspectors, 2; number who know of
bribery, 3: "number who ¦ reiterate the declara
tl6n* contained' in -the original petition favor
ing the enforcement of the law, 1; number who
object to the department's letter of Inquiry, 2.
/..The want of definite charges, the Secre
tary's letter continues, 'fenders . It well
¦nigh impossible to conduct a specific in
vestigation. The department, he -says,
will do all in its power to reduce legiti
mate cause of complaint to the minimum.
,The Secretary . says he is surprised that
ladies who signed the petition report so
little personal inconvenience. Continuing,
he says: . •
- If the plera were the property of- the United
States very Important changes might be made.
I have requested that the several steamship
companies provide a special room or that they
allow the Government to construct presentable
and If need be portable counters, with screens
about them, so as to permit seclusion. To this
end I ' suggest that the ladles who have po
courteously called my attention to this evil
Join in solid tine the steamship companies to
co-operate In remedying the same. :. •¦
It Is gratifying to recall that the original
petition directs attention to the fact that the
signers are-dceirous of the enforcement .of the
law. Quite x number of the responses to the
department's circular letter, recommend ' a
strict enforcement of the statute against such
person* ts attempt to smuggle. '
¦ I The Secretary then quotes the \ law re
garding a declaration' and an examination
and says that in the face of this statute
he does not see how either the declaration
or' the examination can be, omitted.-. In
conclusion he says:
V "And -now with- regard to:remecMes:"It
is the Intention of thedepartment to pre
pare a circular containing suggestions to
travelers, the' same to" be 'given, them as
they are lea.ving.our ports, and It Is be
lieved that- these will; be of assistance in
preparing aj-correct schedule .for. exam
ination on 'fhfelr return. : .A" deputy will
alwa j*s be vih ; : attendance to '' whom . any
lncfvillty can be reported. Other modifi
cations will be made from time to time
as they are found practicable." • ;
CONTI/ICTINa^ STOBIES
PUZZI^E THE POLICE
Boy Who ¦ Sayis ' He ; Cut 1 ton' Old Man's
" :^':T^roat Jtetracta, State- . />_¦
;..-.. : ':> '¦"..-¦'¦': :¦ -jnents. *. ¦..'•:'¦'.
/¦ gALTyl^AKE. Aprll,5.— The police are
not satisfied -with, the statements of Clyde
Jffeli, the • ; 14-y,ear-old boy/ -who . yesterday
confessed ''that he, alon'e - and' unaided,
lulled Samuel^ ColllhE, ths ¦ !aged watch
man.at the Wasatka mineral; springs, an<l
tbe,y*qontlnye;to press the boy; for further
dAt^Us^of the . ,',..,
= Young " Felt' at •¦ a late hour last . night
stated:- ±6 'the- police. thi,t ' : Henry' Potts, a
boy "Of about Felt's .age, was his accom
plice, and t th-a:f Potts .. had: killed the* old
man.'. This 'afternoon; "howeyer; Felt ad
mitted that he had lied-rthat;. Potts had
not : participated in " the : 'killing and that
he alone ctit'.'jthe ' old man's throat. This
evening I"elt:t6ld the police 'that Collins
had iChlorofprmed himself before he (Felt)
cut his throat. .The police" place no reli
ance 'on this'-stbry and continue to work
on the theory.that young Felt had accom
plices and that -a conspiracy' existed be
tween a • number of boys tor kill j the old
man .and* thus release themselves from
his influen<:6.' ¦'- No formal . charge has yet
been made.iagalnst young Felt, but he is
held; pending, further investigation of the
crime. ' v.*- . ;<.
Elle*L v Stone Will Now' lecture.
NEW CfpRK, April 5.— Blajor^ Pond to
day 1 closed' a' contract with Miss Ellen M..
Stonep. the"' missionary, for a series' of 100
lectures to be given in the principal cities
of -the United Sta|es.' ;'. - ' ,; -
This claim involves a. dispute between
the ,Catholia ; church of .California 1 and the
Government of Mexico as ; r to • the liability,
of' the latter for the Interest upon certain',
church" lands which: the Mexican Govern-'
ment undertook to hold as trustee for the
church.
>. The authoritative statement was made
to-day, that United "-States 'Embassador
Clayton has explained : fully and to the
satisfaction - of both the President and
Secretary Hay all the charges that have
been made against him in regard to cases
pending before the Mexican courts and
also concerning his own personal conduct.
In the court cases to which reference has
been made it is stated that Clayton acted
under exact Instructions- from the De
partment of State, showing great zeal/ 1 in
dustry and ability in the defense of the
rights of American citizens. Clayton will
return to his post at the. City of Mexico
after a.brlef holiday in Washington with
his daughter. "'"'.-. •'•". -,
For the - third of a' century the United
States^ Government haa been trying to ef
fect a settlement with the Mexican.Gov
ernment j of . the • celebrated Pius claim,
Involving : about $1,000,000, and just before
leaving the City of Mexico for Washing
ton Clayton succeeded in reaching an
agreement with the Mexican Government
for the submission of this claim to The
Hague tribunal for settlement by arbitra
tion. -: "V v! V'--: ¦ ¦->¦ " :"'¦¦ ¦•: , '¦
WASHINGTON, April 5.— Powell Clay
ton, United States Embasador to Mexico,
Is the first person . to secure the submis
sion : of 'the first case to The Hague arbi
tration court. : - • '"¦'¦ .,'¦¦ '
j ¦Complaints Against In-
Secretary Shaw • Tells .of
Embassador Clayton Reaches
"an Agreement With ; -
Mexico.
Paris Claim Case Sub-
mitted totHe Hague
Tribunal.
Treasury Department
•Will Reraedy New
York Trouble.
WOMEN GAIN
BY A PROTEST
ARBITRATORS
WILL NOW ACT
THE SAN FEAKGISGO CALL, SUNDAY , /APRIL 6^ 1902.
18
; I ADVEBTISEIilENTS.
Hood'sfSahMQarilla
Has won''success far beyond the; effect
of advertising only. J '-hi
Its-wonderiul popularity is explained
by its, unapproachable .Merit. 1
Based .uppni- a:; prescription which
cured peopjexonsidered incurable,
Hood's Sarsaparllla
Unites ihe'.bestrknQwn^vegetable rem-
edie%;in- &uch,a-. way as- to. n&ve curative
povver.peculiar.to Jts'elf. '• . i,' ;V x
Itsvcures \ of, scrdf ula, eczema, psori-
asis; Jand* every kind of/hurripr,' as well as
catarrh- and rheumatism— -prove : '¦"_, ¦
H6$&s fSaittp&rilla
the best blojbd^piirifier ever produced.
Its -cures.'pf dyspepsia;. J loss of appe-
tite, and' thaVftired feeling \ make^ it 'the
greatest" stotnach ; tonic" arid strength-
restorer the ; ;world j haV ever; known.
Begin to take it;TO-DAY. :" i; -S ;•
Remington \
TvnpwniprC rk °. nd
I J M* 1 " ¦ ' vvl O prompt service
- . •• " ¦"¦'* ¦"¦""¦' ¦ ¦ -'• guaranteed by
O N R E NT A L ¦ our superior fa-
m^T mm TT mmm m ~ mm ?~T*T* m^ mm^ ar ** taterest In
. B the re~ N «tatlon of .our machine."..;' j
WYCKOFF^SEAMABSSBiENEDICT
211 Montgomery St., S. F.
Vel.wialn 87. ' •'
"'JR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
Gives point to the fact that : excessive or .
irreeular eating disturbs ' the ?¦ digestion.
Nightmareor. night hag has it's" day time]
correspondence in f the undue | fullness
after eating, with the belchings, and sour
or bitter rising so often exrjerfenced after
too hasty or too* hearty eating.':- -,-';•* ; '
, Dr. Piefcje's Golden Medical Discovery
cures dyspepsia and other diseases of the'
. stomach and ; its allied organs of diges-
tion and nutrition. : When these diseases
are cured; the whole bbdy shares in the
increased ! strength , ; derived : f rom •; f ogd
properly digested and perfectly assimil-
ated. ; ¦-.;;¦ ¦ ¦ ;•; ¦¦ ¦ : : ; ¦ '//•: \ "¦¦'
• ".Your ¦ ' Golden J.Jedical • Disco*«ry ' and i Dr. ¦
£a{(e's . Catarrh i. Remedy '. have been . of great
• benefit to me." writes (Prof.) Pleasant A.' Oliver, •
of .Viola,* Fulton Co.;- Ark.'. "Before I used the
above mentioned remedies '. my ,"6leep was pot
sound ; digestion bad : a <-ontinued feeling of
misery.; I novr feeLlike'a oew man.. Any one;
In need of medical treatment for nasal catarrh
conld do no better than to take treatment of
Dr. R. V. Pierce. ; I- know his medicines are all,
right in this class of diseases."
¦V. Sometimes * a dealer /tempted iby ? the
| little more profit paid on the sale " of; le^
meritorious jnlltoffer, thft^.'cus^
tomer ; a :, substitute ,' as^ being I ? j&t " ai
good "Jas the "Discovery."' : It , isTbetter
• for, him>b~ecause - it' pays better,;but it is
not as good for ? you, if 'you .want' the
medicine '.that has J cured others, and
which you believe .wiir cure you.""/ ¦/ <
;' ¦:• Dr. -' . Pierce's '?. Pleasant * Pellets > cleanse
• the clogged system f rom ; accumulated ;
impurities, .
• : O ' '" '"''' — "•-. •'""':'/" : /'"'' L — — - -4*y";
. TELEPIIONETOVR'ORDED AHD FT WILL BE DEUVEBEDU :i
I \;"^promi>tly; south 756; ,v *~£.*r;
BMXADOMA' PUSTERS. . , V.. " : j W&§M M$i6* 25c
i ' Rejralar, Price 10c... . ¦ ~^ <,> - . ... _.
JAP ROSE SOAP..V '¦'. .... .. ..;...; . I . . .4 cakes 25c
'Regular Price 10c. 3feegj|>$ijBE&3 ..-.-." ". ¦ -'^*. •
BEEF, M MD Wp. . . . ... ,50c;S 3' bottles $1,25
¦pERMAv:.;..,.;;.v..../.;.8^^ 83. 00
; TODFSEMUISM CODUpoiL.TScV^bpttles 62.00:
<FOMTAIN SYimGES, 2-Quart. ... . .. v ..V;; .80c
'Recular Price 00c. ' -v *"*¦"' ' .'
;SILK ELASTIC STOCKINGS. v. . .... W$$fi£ - . . .$2.50
TRUSSES, . . . ¦ . . i ... ...;.. .....^ ; . .^f P bm $1.00
SPECIAL SALE OF LADIES 1 POCKET BOOKS.
,.',- . : SEE WINDOW^'V ~" . v ' ¦ :
20 PERCENT biSCOUNT ON CAM- Btamlned Optical -Dc-
-:.'• .— .-¦-- - - ---..-. . ' " : parlment in'Charae o! an :
ERAS AND PHOTO SUPPLIES ¦ : , : . Expert OpSchin.
p NO iRGENTAGE DRUG CO.
949-951 Market Street.
bcsDdiMcniyf'|LaVi^uQP, {• Backache, Biliousr
EIs^l INer^vb'iistiess, Headache, Heart-
burn, Dyspepsia and Irritability
. Are r Cau^e : dJby SlM^i^hLiyer^
TEST YOTJB, HEINE. Any one ' can 'determine-
"^w-^W^Sj^. whethefhe is suffering: from, torpid, liyer. . Is ypur urine
• .. ; — ' - *~- '-* • .ula tes the <enfeebled organs and .
heals at the same time. It builds up the body, gives it -strength; and restores
the energy that is or has been, wasting under the baneful .{suffering of diseased
liver and kidnevs. ,. : :, "• . ., ' /¦•¦'.' .' '*.:•'-'¦' *",\:r-.
CURED KIDNEYS AND LIVER DISEASE AFTER TEN YgARS'SUFFERING.
Charles II. Cdrcoran of Ftlchburg.^atass.," tells his experience in! the following p
unsolicited lejtert '.'For ten years I, suffered, with kidney- and liyer' trouble, ana, :
after trying the best .pftyjaicians here and. In other placea./I ..Tvent to the.Massa- i
chusetts General^Hospital -and found no? relief.; r was then'so'.bad.that-I. had to .
have injections of" ophjm to. relieve me-of'the pain: .Olcoiild nbti«leep nights or
work days.- I-lo£t.t»"eiity -five pounds. Words cannot" describe > my " feelings. I'
saw Warner's .Sale: Cure advertisement -and asked fc-physJclan. about li, .He said
It tvtuild" da»m« no gootl and left me more* of" his own^medlcinejV.Whlch.'-I-'did not
take.- but took^WA^tJ«^^6^£afe:<JUre and six: bottles; cured'! me.- Iifhave,' regained
my twenty-nv« . poundB and tee! as well as 'I ever did. 1 ' I cannot, say too much
in praise of Warner's Safe Cure for liver and kidney- •.diseases.". • •_'••;
• WABNEB-S SAFE CUBE -tt now put up in two .regular sizes and sold by
all druggists, or direct, at 6UC Si.00 a Bottle. . ' 1 '
iVO (LtiSS'THANONE-CENT A DOSE.-);. .'^.'- ; v
Refuse substitutes. There Is none "just as good as'* i Warner* s Safe Cure. It
has cured all forms of -liver disease, during the last thirty years. It Is now pre- *
scribed by all doctors and'-used in-the leading hospital^ as. the only absolute cure
for all forms of disease of the liver, kidney and bladcer, -The one great fact that ¦¦
stands out Is that Warner's Safe Cure Cures. ", -'
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
""•'.'-• To convince every sufferer, from diseases' of^< Jthe'.-.Jlver,: .kidney, .bladder and
blooti that \Varner's Safe Cure wtll cure : them a.- trial -bottle -will be -sent abso-
""futely tree to any one who -sria Write Warner'* -Safe Cure ;Co., Rochester.. N^'-Y.
. find mention having seen this liberal offer-in, the Sa"n Francisco Sunday Call .The
. genuineness of this offer Is fully guaranteed::. r.Our^ doctor v will- send medical
booklet, containing symptoms and treatment «f^each dteease, and many; convinc- ¦
. Ing testimonials, free, to any one -who win write: .:,-c- r;. :• :•-•... -.-,.•'¦ ....-¦•..
v , AJPyEBTISEMEiriS. _^_ _^_^
CATARRHAL ;N ERVOUSN ESS.
VondstjQn Known as bystemic Catarrh—
A Prominent Doctor Cured by Pe-ra-na.
i » . . . . .,. . .... . . . . heart, defective eyesight, total ..Inability
' ' W^^M • <-¦"" f lo read « wrlte or do an y business, t} rIn ®
-»-m-^- »•»»«»«««»••>»»»«»»«».»»»?>«»»»«.«.««»,,.,,,,«, out much expec > «Sjj*3^^^E5j|j£ ,,
Dr. G. B. Crowe, a physician and a very influential man in Ala- BS e £Sn'S'«fe'-' : Bh^ITB^ \\
bama and Chairman of the Populist State Committee, in a recent let- 825- I "^\^ M^ '
ter to Dr. Hariman s of Columbus, Ohio, says: \ St&e?Z£% e i imte%:
• - ¦ ' :'" " U/~~L.- '„/-_ n n became stronger ? /fF~ es\ "
: - WasmngtOn, U. O; mentally and • Pg» JS »,,
is a most valuable medicine. It affords me unlimited ™Imbii e ng v c o eaa! \ • ::
pleasure to y testify as to the merits of your remedy as a : catarrh twenty Sed bottiS ' : So^^HL 0^; !:
cure. I have used, it as:such and find it is of very great benefit S «-.r^nd a^J vFbESLX JSZnt ', I
when my nervous system is run down. / heartily recommend Inoti-^mln! tofic^e-ra-n^ 11 * 1 ]'
Pe-ru-na to all whose nervous systems are deranged." Yours truly, M '^*oSe5? ! *iu. ::
. / G: B. CROWE, M. D. n O as USt been an f £ ! ' wo^t r pe- ! !
-^1 . - many years ru - na • tands at tha !!
The nervous system Is the source of all sometime it Is known as chronic ca- "Peruna saved ,! ?,*** In uct- estlma-
our bodily. powers, mental or physical. - tarrh/ ' , ; . : ,; my life and I ,, "iSy won'sSu* *to '
• '. The brain and ¦ spinal cord generate the The congestion may occur in the mu- write this letter .. rejuvenating the en- >
power and : nerve 'fibers convey ; the cous membrane -lining • the nose, . throat to express my o tlr* aystem. I keep u
oower to everv Dart of the bodv ; bronchial tubes, stomach, bowels, kidneys thanks. ,' I hope , -It on hitnd all th» ,
power to every parlor tneDoay._ and pelvic organs. . . . ¦ that you ' will , Urn*, and never have ,,
It is the nerves that give the heart Whenever— It occurs it • produces the use It and make ,, that 'tired -f«eHn*/ ,,
power, to beat; It .is the nerves that .give sam e condition-chronic catarrh. it known for the J m a ftw dow ai- ,
the arteries Uhe power to ¦ contract,, and -The symptoms of • catarrhal nervous- benefit of tuf-' fT a J * ° 1 ** 8 , "• le«i
thus regulate the flow of blood through r.ess are: A foreboding of calamity, a feringr human- (1 J^i ,* o- 11 *"" ™>- ,
them. sense of something awful about to hap- Ity. We are , Florence Allaa-
Each artery is provided "with an elas- pen, twitching of the eyelids, moving never without x.
tic or muscular coat, which is capable of brown/ specks before tbe eyes, and Peruna in our .»«,»«,,,,,, ,«fr *
contracting or expanding so as. to permit metallic ringing in the ears, sour stom- house now, and
more or less blood" to pass ' through, ac- ach after eating; with belching of gas a It never-. falls t« nelp. Tpurs sincerely ,
cording to the needs of the body. feeling of xreat. weight In the stomach. - ¦- ' . . ADAM.DOSBIX6.",
When the nerves are paralyzed or morbid fear of leaving home", a con-r If you do not derive prompt and satis-
weakened this contractile power of the stant desire to talk of symptoms, chills factory; results from the use of Peruna
blood vessels is wholly or partly de- and hot flashes, hands and feet usually write -at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
stroyed. ,'•;• - cold and clammy, general tendency, to full statement of your case, and he will
This produces congestion, especially of coldness and dryness of the skin 'of be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
the mucous membrane -lining -the various the whole body, neuralgic headache vice- gratis. -
organs of the body. ¦ : ~ V * nervous chills, hysteria, sinking and faint Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
When this . ' congestion continues '- for 1 spells. - distressing palpitation of, the Hartman, Sanitarium. Columbus; O
j t m i* : ; — -:
* ,. . . ¦ • . . *
S B.KATSCHINSKi j
y PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. J
] 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRAHCISC3. §
I PEHhfcUl tASb,
I ALWAYS STYLISH. 1
a. iaanufacturers. occasionally, sen! |
i . us "shoes that are not up. to our ex- I
| pectation. In which case we sell I
3 them at a sacrifice. Here Is a sara- I
I pie: Last week we received an in- 1
I voice of Ladles' Patent Iieatheri
j vamp one-strap with bow, §
I vici kid quarters, plain coin toes, I
m hand-turned soles and low heels. I
f3 We intended to eell them for $1.50. ' I
[I but instead nave cut the price to Jo f
3 cents; sizes Z to 7J£j . widths AtoE. |
H PARENTS BHOUX.D . ".. HEAD 1
. m - THIS: A.i;peclaL,6ale of -Pilldren's 3
_H and illfises'.. Box Calf Lace Shoes, j
Kj with coin toes and tips, spring heels 9
a and beavy slnsle-*oles. We ordered }«
M thl« :lot . wivh : extra . heavy: double E
B «rt-fs,' tmt they were with H
m hea\*y ninRle Boles;«o the mihufac- B
:"ja luter." made "a refluctltTn "and we' H
-Ig ;_haye ;cut-the ;price, v WythJS.^; to.,*:. B
H Sizes 8 to Xl,.,.^-»i;.»^..r/.'.V.,!,r.-.o6cS|
;• m i st«* n^- te-i.y.,':- :::?... ~::?.^.to g
..rH^^^l^RHc^aiiSS'.-aBd'dl.SO B
liiiiiiiif,!
¦ PfliLADELPHIA SHOE-GO.
H v : '.. ;. 1O THIRD STREEXr -
.M '.. „ Sari Frar»cls«^tf/ ~^J-'-C> SACRAMENTO,', April : . 5.— A, conference
of Populists >. Was held, in this city to-day,
severaj .* counties I of '£"*crthern California
being represented.'"; Charles "W7 Kellojr? of
Placer^County, a leader of .the party," say's
a" : .f reorganisation • is"' being ':'¦!. etc ecteU
throughout \ the , State -' and I that a / Stato
convention -will ;be ; held ; in San ' Francisco
on June 17, at which time labor unions of
the largecitles will be invited to send del
egates. "« . Th« iwar, cry ;'¦ of i the ¦ reorganized
party is "Ho fusion."- A county orsaniza
- tlon was perfected," with Charles •¦ F. John
' son of Florin chairman and John' D.fJoat
of Sacramento secretary,
Populists Are Reorgunizing. t
Asks > for Guardianship Letters.'
NAPA-. April 5.— Mary A. Townsend "^es-'
terday afternoon ', filed a petition . in f the
Superior Court of this county askings for
letters. of guardianship ' tin. "the ' es tat* of
Margaret J. 'Hooper, wbo-;*s^84 jyeara of
age... The: estate consists .©f- a house and
lot in St. Helena valued at $1000. It 13 al
leged that divers •persona/ar.fetrying to in
duce the, old lady to transfer -to them her
property without condid«ration^SBBMHH
A big freight. car of the Oregon City
electric road got beyond the control ot th»
motorman and ran toto the California Ex
press, which was just .running into th«
yards.. The. electric freighter struck ;th«
mail car' of the train." The freight car
was derailed, the end of the vestibule was
splintered and the body of the car was
torn. off the trucks. The gas tank under- -
reath the mail car was burse In the colli
sion and the ga^. igniting, ; started >what
appeared to'; be "a very . damaging blaze
close to .the piles of United States mall
sacks. A fire alarm was turned In and a
chemical engine extinguished . the names.
" PORTLAND; Or. , April 5.-1 A "crash, 'fol
lowed ;by ¦ a ' threatening fire, occurred" at
the *'_ intersection ...of Hawthorne avenue
and East First- street thl3 morning. . Pas^
sengers crowdlnsraeveral.cars wera'badl.t
excited for a short time, but no one was
hurt. • ¦•¦•;.' :¦> i':
'"£. To-day. Indian; Mollca, while ¦ searching
In the stream for the. last" of the unfor
tunate j women,"/got '¦> Into ' a .whirlpool and
barely/escaped .wlth^his life, a rope being
thrown "; to >- y him ; from" i the" bank - Just . In
time, ¦••-.ri": :-••¦ "-• : . - :
V- While assisting In the search Hans Neil
son [attempted . to' swim \ hts I horse » across
the > river, -but Lwas 'washed: from the;ani
mal ; and "¦ would ~, have ' perished had it no t
been for '-the timely, assistance of a friend,
George Hall.Vwho plunged Into" the stream
on ¦ his * horse ' and swam , to ¦ a * point , below
Neilson.^', By the time he reached the sppt
Neilson's Iwi ts had '. lef t < him and \ he i ; grab-"
t bed • frantically : at - the • horse." \ He precipi
tated Hall lnto^ the stream,"' but [fht [ horse
Bwani jiaf eiy ' to* shore ' Ti-lth Neilson "cling
ing to, him. 7 Hall, after; some "difficulty
with ; the ; current, drifts ' and eddies,' sue*
ceeded : in 'v reaching. the shore.* >'. '
I* Though V, the"'- drowning L at • 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon the first body
was not found ; until T about ' 5 o'clock : and
the second an hQur later. , : Mire.' Abshlre' s,
.body, was ; found\ first,"; being 1 located , as : It
occasionally neared ,; the .' surface . by J the
red waist which ,'she ,wore. ; The • body of
her? sister, rMlsaj Violet; Crow, .was found
by ; Indian Lee lodged against the roots of
some .willows in' the middle of the stream
and i at ' a point r about '. five : feet ; below.-; the
surface ' of the water. The other, corpse-f
that of , Mrs: '¦ Frank; Daniels— was not re
covered from . the \ water* until 8 ;15 ; o' clock
this : .whenit* was /discovered 1 by
an Indian i ;- named ' t ; ; Charley,- -Lamqon.' A
purse of : more than * $100 „ was soon - raised
and., presented to ¦ the faithful ; . redskins. %
CLOVERDAL.E, April 6.— The bodies * of
Mrs. "Farley. Abshlre, her sister, Miss Vio
let'Crow,' and Mrs. . Frank Daniels, who
were drowned yesterday," have been re
covered; from Russian- River . by Indian
divers.. The funeral of Mrs. Abshlre and
Miss Crow .will be held to-morrow^ at' 12
o'clock from the Methodist Church South.
Mrs. Frank v Daniels will be buried to
morrow afternoon.".;
Special Dispatch to The CalL
¦¦" ¦ ¦••'.'¦"•••. - s .' ' ¦ '
Recover Bodies ot Three
Women yFrom Rus
sian. River.
California Express in a
S^ght Collision: at Z
Portland
INDIAN DIVERS
FIND THE DEAD
ELECTRIC CAR
STRIKES TRAIN
LOS ANGELES. April 5.— It is reported
on good authority that Frank P. Flint,
formerly United States District Attorney,
has been appointed chief copnsel for the
Southern" Pacific j Company In Southern
California. ' Flint succeeds. Judge Bicknell
of the firm of Gibbon, Bicknell & Trask:
who recently resigned on account of con
flicting service with the Huntington elec
tric • system. • - • • . ¦
Will Be Appointed to Represent the
Southern Pacific Below
Tehach&pL ¦
MODESTO, April 6.— The board of di
rectors of Modesto Irrigation District to
day let contracts for the completion of
xorty-Btx miles of the Modesto .district
canaL Five different bidders, all local
residents, were awarded the contracts.
Bids for the.npper work, which consists
of scraper work principally, will be
opened on April 15. The specifications
provide that the operations must be com
pleted within eight months. The entire
canal will be completed and In working
order by the last of the year.
frattb: ixint to be
ratt.boad. attobney
Modesto District Lets Contracts for
• the Excavation, of Long
Waterxray.
SIG IBBIGATION CAKTAI,
. SOON" TO BE COMPLETED
MAY BOYCOTT
THE RAILROAD
Pacific^:
Bakersfield Is at ¦ Outs
With the Southern
Resents x Cc mpany 's V Refusal
. v t6 Biiild a Depot in the "\
City Limits.
NOOSE AWAITS
WALTER GORDON
TON OF FLOUR
WORTH FORTUNE
Thunder Mountain Min
ers Pay Dearly for
•Food. :
Double Murderer Will
Be Executed -in
Special Dispatch to The; Call.
•¦¦: BAKERSFIELD. April 5.— By. its r«
fusaf' to i establish 'a depot • for i its passen
ger and! freight business, in "Bakersfield, at
the intersection^of its. tracks .with Chester
ayenueV tlie I Southern Pacific ' Company
haacaused a feeling of the deepest Indig
nation here and its action i probably will
result in :the' loss of thousands ."' of dollars',
.worth of ; business ' to . the company,
refusal has just been made public. through
a ',' communication ' from - -Julius "Krutt
schnitt to the Board of Trade and has
been the. sole topic of conversation on the
streets here to-day. Morethan .one mer
chant has -signified* his intention to trans- :
fer' his business to the Santa'Fe until the
Southern;"; Pacific -shows some 'disposition
to consider the welfare of Bakersfleld.
: The Southern Paciflci when it' construct-'
ed : Its : road,; left~ Bakcrsfieid oil -Its route
and established Its depot: at. Kern City, a
: mile " £?hd'. &'¦ half distant. ?\ It persists ¦ In
designating- the latter place.as","Baker3
'field".'i,though -Kern Is a separate corpor
ation, fhayr-.g* a municipal' government, of
its_ own.":/; Residents ' there* have . petitioned
frequently,to .have the. station ilesignate-1
by its' proper, title! of Kern City, but their
petitions have been refuscdTand as a re
sult'neither Bakersfleld" nor Kern" • has
been' satisfied r.witti • the condition' forced
upon ."it by 'the rajlroad.' v ,
."/Recently ' the citizens of Bakersfield de
cided that, the time had arrived when they
had 1 the right : to ihsistlthat : this city, be
recognized by.the company. . '"For the past
two years Balcersneld ; has given mor«
business" to ') the Southern Pacific than ' any
other, point in • the San • Joaquin.v not ex
cepting. Fresno_ and Stockton. In/view- of
the importance^ of the • city as a shipping
point N it .was believed that' the request of
the'.Board of -Trade- would, find >."a' .ready
hearing.": .In • consequence much ; surprise
was created: when .the letter 'from Gen
eral Manager; Kru t tschni tt was received.
. The <: next "step is likely/ to be a move
ment' for a boycott of the • Southern" Pa
ciflc. f . -¦.:-- : ..." .V .' '¦'.¦¦'-. ; -,. vj'
LOS ANGELES, April : 5.— President E.
H. | Harriman of the Southern : Pacific has V j
departed > from. the " company's local ' lines.
Accompanied • by Julius Kru ttschnltt and ;
J. ,CS Stubbs/. the train conveying iHarrl
man leftat 2:30 o'clock this afternoon for
Santa Barbara.'- ; : . ¦•) '•„¦*
As one • of the ; results of the visit of
President rHarriman' it is said .the South
ern ; Pacific: Company.'is ;to own here the
most commodious . headquarters [ buildings
possessed by: the f company ' anywhere j. on.
its system. ' The Arcade station. Is to' be
enlarged so, that the present structure will
scarcely be recognized. >¦ The' proposed nelw
structure .will cost abaut $250,000. .
: NEVADA. 5.^— Nevada's < populace
turned out en masse to-night to render.a.fare
well reception ¦ to '{ Fred ; Zeltler, - former ; «up«r
•inteadeht'o;.' the Champion mineij; and > vlc«
president, of * the California , Miners',. Associa
tion. ; A silver service' was presented to Zeltler
By. the : miners.'.. ? '/.j • .^ \, ,Z
Bpadal- Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, : B. C, April . B.--Walter
Gordon \, was ,.td-day sentenced to: .be
hanged on June 28 for the murder. of two
men at Whitewater, Manitoba. : .. '.
Gordon enlisted in Vancouver on De
cember 24 last in the second contingent of
Canadian Mounted \ Rifles.' :? He . was en
rolled under the name of John Gray and
departed for Halifax on Christinas day. V
In; July, 1900, Charles James : Daw, was
murdered at Whitewater by Walter Gor
don, who ; also killed Jacob Smith, Daw's
.hired man. ' Immediately ] afterward jGor-^
don disappeared. To the recruiting offi
cer here Gordon,; alias \ John ; Gray, : gave
the name of his next of kin: as John Gor
don, Brookllne, • Ontario, and It was that
slip on his part which gave a clew in the
murder case to the Manitoba police. '.
It was later, ascertained- that j after 'dis
appearing from \ Whitewater. Gordon t had
gone to South Dakota and enlisted in the
United States army at Fort Meade under
the name of John Gray. When It became
known early in December of last year
that another contingent was to be seut
from Canada to South Africa Gordon-de
serted from Fort ' Meade and made his
way • to - this ' city. Had : he' remained at
Fort Meade it is unlikely that' he would
have been apprehended.
that had accrued from the sale of certain
property which he negotiated. According
to the complaint, not only did Jeffries,re
fuse*' to part with these heirlooms, , but
turned the old lady out into . the r, cold
.world without ' a cent to j her name.
"Thus," ' concludes / the document,'- Vre^,
veallng to her the true reason' for . his
fondness for her." • . • .;.
¦ \< : ¦¦¦ ' ¦ . - - ¦ ¦
Special t Dispatch ¦ to The Callr-
SPOKANE, April 5.— A Stites,.' Idaho,
special to ' the ' Spokesman-Review says
that Samuel ¦: Irving, an old- time pros
pector," , arrived from :- Thunder, Mountain
to-day. He says flour, ; sugar' and salt are
selling in the camp ; for $3 a pound, but
fresh i beef can be bought _ for 18 cents a
pound and the supply is plentiful. r
¦; Froni .'800 \ to ': 1000 : men are now in . the
camp and the new arrivals . number from
sixty to seventy,: daily, coming' from ! all
directions. ¦ f . The first" pack train 'to arrive
this winter broke its . way throiigji the
snow this, week. -Irving says .the trails
are ; no\7 ' well .opened • • for" footmen : and
when coming out he jild riot have to' use
snowshoes. ¦ ¦' .' '" :". : ,*
-ELK CITY,.' April 5.— The '. Shisier. pack
train has reached ; Thunder Mountain by.
way of Big Creek and the trail is • liow^
open to hor»e travel. ' The horses • com
prising; the train' drew. rawhide loads of ]
supplies, each' cargo .'consisting of 400 j
pounds, and: the animals were the. first
to " reach ..the ". new, canip . this I spring.'- i"~A
second , train ' is 'following , the *ShlsIer
party and a third. will leave Stitea, Idaho,
to-morrow. {;.,. ' . ; ;.. ;¦ ;
.' Parties arriving at Dixie from the new
canip : report 200 men. and . about
seventy- five ¦ horses - on the •¦, trail. . At • the
camp I the stampede ; resulting in the re
cent discovery at Indian Creek was still
in .progress and reports are : to the, effect '
that i. the i discovery is : richer than ' the
Dewey nilne. ¦'/_ * ¦ ,. .: •
:• The scarcity,, of • food '; In ', the i } camp ; has
resulted: inimany.acts '6t \ petty^thieyeryl
and • the matter - of Tthe • organization , of a
vigilance committee islbelng-discuss«d. .,
SCANDAL CLOAKS
SERGEANT'S NAME
Police.
Aged Woman Sues.'Offi-.
cer of Los Angeles
Alleges That With Sham Love
He Won Control of Her
' Propiertjv- 5 •;
Special Dispatch 'to. Tho, Call. ' /
LOS ANGELES,' April 5.— Amanda Rich
mond, a maiden lady 70 years of age, com
menced suit to-day against • W.'_T.- Jef
fries, who for the past years has
been a police; sergeant J in , this city and
is reputed to have, amassed a consider
able fortune. Miss Richmond sues to
compel Jeffries to : restore to ; .her all the
property he Is, alleged to have. taken from
her during .Jfene, past; ten '.years™ and,- In
addition, J15UO . which the ¦•; defendant ¦' is
alleged to have, received for the plaintiff
from the sale of property. ; and which he
neglected to. turn over to her.
According to the \ complaint. Jeffries, In
1S92, rented ; two rooms from Miss Rich
mond, and for a number of years there
after continued to live in her house. Jef
fries had not resided there more than
two months when he : proposed to j Miss
Riphmond . that she become his house
keeper. " . . '¦'. \
"I will pay all household expenses," he
said, "and keep the property In good rer
pair. You can pay the taxes, because you
own the place.'* . , •
This arrangement lasted i until Novem
ber, 1900. , ..,-*- .;-.;• • :.. •: •
Continuing, MIss^ Richmond avers that
the ' defendant falsely pretended he was
greatly , In love . with her and made fre
quent proposals . of marriage. It is al
leged that he persuaded her that he was
a man ; of considerable ability and won
her. confidence to such an . extent .as to
get her to deed . all her property to him,
that he might take care of it In return
for this he had a life Insurance policy for
$2000 made out in 'her favor, and promised
her that in the event of selling any of
the property belonging to her he would
give her a check for $4000. As a matter
of fact, plaintiff claims, she never re
ceived a cent from Jeffries. _
About four years ago Miss Richmond
remarked that In the; event of Jeffries'
death she would be left with nothing and
no tangible evidence of having any hold
whatever upon any of the property which
he owned, but which. In reality, belonged
to. her. '. Accordingly, in order to appease
her, Jeffries made out a note for $4700 on
June 20; 1898; which he gave her and
which bore Interest at the rate of 7 per
cent a year. Afterward, It is alleged, Jef
fries got possession of. this note, of the
insurance policy and of everything Miss
Richmond owned.
In 1899 Jeffries broke the news to Miss
Richmond that he was about to marry
Viola Sheward. Miss Richmond, he said,
was perfectly welcome to come and make
her home with him and his wife, and he
would take care of her, provided that she
never breathed a word about their busi
ness transactions.
Miss Richmond continued to live with
the Jeffries until November. 1900, by
which time, the complaint charges, Jef
fries had | secured everything of value
formerly owned by the plaintiff. Last
November Miss Richmond asked Jeffries
for the '¦ note he had made out to her,
for the 'Insurance policy., and for the $1500
19
¦¦-•¦¦¦¦¦¦- ¦ . ..-,¦ ¦ ¦¦, ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ ~ •¦ . ¦ ¦ " \
THE SAN- ;rilAKCISCO/:GA^EV;:;SUKp^Y;; A^PRIL G, - 1902.
MOSCOW, April 5. -^-Another attempt to assassinate
M. Trepoff, the Moscow Prefect of Police,' was ¦frus
trated yesterday/ aftetnoon/; A man seeking a per
; sonal interview with the Prefect' applied at M. Tre-' \
• poff s office arid upon being refused • admittance drew a dag- .
ger and 'attempted to kill the official in charge of the* ante-; >
"room. It was evidently his intention to ', force an entrance :
into M. Trepoff's private office. f v '¦> , • '\
The\vyould-be assassin, was : disarmed ..after a 'hard :
.-struggle. •':- , ¦: , , v -. ,'-¦'¦• :i
t ¦..¦¦ •• .¦ ¦ •. ¦ ¦ ¦ • . ¦ ' ...'¦¦-¦. ¦ - - . .
Man With Dagger Tries >to Force Entrance |
Into Trepoff's: Office^/ I
ATTEMPT TO ASSASSINATE
MOSCOW PREFECT FRUSTRATED
ADVEETISE3IE2ITS. /
CURESl^K^E^FREE,
InsTireal" Lore ; Slid a Happy Horns
: ifor Ail.
. How any. man may quickly cups hinveelf aft<*r
year^ of suffering : from : sexual weakness, ' lost
vitality. : nlgrht losses, rarlcocpre. etc., an4" en- .
large ' small;- weak organs to full size, and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr.
Knspp Medical Co.;' 1373 Hull buiiain?.. Detroit.
Mich., - and they will gladly ¦ send the- free re-
ceipt.-. with full directions so any man. may
easily «ure himself at home: -This is certainly
I a most generous, offer, and tio following : ex -
I tracts taken from their dally mall, show what
men think of- their generosity: * -•' ••- •»»
!'IV»r Sirs: Please'aecept my sincer* tJj»nk«
for. yours o( recent date.' I have given 'your -
treatment ' a ' thorough test ' and '. the benefit has
Seen extraordinary. ¦ It has completely brace!
me up. I.tm just as vigorous as when a, boy
an j you cannot realize how happy I-am."
• <"Dcar, Slr«i.-"rouiv' method ;-worWe<l beaatl-
fnJly.* " Results rw«ra .exactly' w "what..X seeded.
Strength . and vigor have completely returned •
and enlargement JsjeTnttrely satlsfacttfry.". V
"Dear- Sir*; ! Toiirs. was- recnived-and I had
no trouble fn maklns: use. of th« receipt as di-
rected, and -can- truthfully say It is a boon to
weak - me n. ' " I ' am •' greatly Improved ¦ in »I»e.
strength and-;vtoor." . • ••¦ -
: ¦• All ¦ correspondencs - Is " strictly eonfldcntlal.
malled^tu^laln.' sealed envelope . Th« .receipt
«s fre« for th« asklns and they want • very man
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
From $1.25 Fine Quality
to Gloves "
80c 80c
o c — —
THE
D. SAMUELS
Lace Hovse Co.
Cor. £utt:r St und Grant Avc
Great Sale of
We place on sale Monday,
April 7th, several thousand
pairs of Ladies' Glace, Mocha
and Pique Kid Gloves.
? -> . .'
Value $1.25 pair. Sale price
— — ° — —
$1.25 Clores Formerly,
for •¦ $1.25, now
80c 80c
To pnoye wiiat fSj^mp^Rqq^ithc'fipeat Kid-
nf y,^ LivepopBfadden Remedyg^will do fop
•YOU,^ Evepy Readep of The C^May;Jliave a
Sample Bottle Sent-Fpee by/Mail.
' EAST ATLANTA. Ga., Marcit'lsti 190L '
DRJ KILMER 4 CO., Blnghamtoni N. Y. • • - '¦-
- /Gentlemen— While it has never been ray habit or inclination to recommend
remedies the ingredients of which are not all* known to raev it seems as .If I
should make an exception in the case of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. My expert- .
ence, so far as I have tested it In my practice, forces me to the conclusion that It
, . is a remedy of the greatest 'value in all kidney, liver., bladder and other inflamma-
C^tory conditions of the 1 eenito-urinary tract. • I now -take, pleasure in prescribing
Swamp-Root in all such cases, .with a feeling of assurance that my patients will
derive great benefit from Its use... I shall continue to prescribe It in other cases in
nay practice with the expectation of good results. Very truly yours, • ' *¦ -"• -
'' i ' ' '•• •" ' ' *' c ¦•'¦' -' ** ¦¦¦/". " :..£ ¦• , /»Vw^'"
.- Gentlemen— I;have prescribed that wonderful remedy for kidney, complaint. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root,- with most beneficial effect and know of many cures by its
use. These patients had kidney trouble, as diagnosed by other physicians, and
treated without benefit Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root effected a" cure. . I am arliberal
.man and accept a specific wherever I find it. in an accepted school or out. of it.
For desperate cases of kidney complaint under treatment with unsatisfactory re-
sults I turn to Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, with most flattering results.. . r shall
continue to prescribe it, .and from persoral observations state that Swamp-Root
- has great curative properties. Truly Toun, -
(L Barstov* Irish. M. 0-> ,- . " '¦'¦'•• '' . ' ¦ j& ' 'si/% "V
276 9th St. Borough of ,. X ; Si - —' & * tys* \
;s. P t 24, not. • *6* Sj4**^*~4Z0?^<^'&i~e^ fy < K *±
;¦•. . ... Swmp-Rdot is pleasant to take and is used In- the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians in their private practice and is taken by doctors themselves
\ * who have kidney, ailments.' because they recognize in It * the greatest and -most
f successful remedy-'f or kidney, liver and bladder troubles. . - :
¦ • • ¦¦ EDITORIAL-NOTE— If you have the slightest symptom* of kidney or bladder
trouble, or if there is a trace of It in your family history; send at once to Dr. -Kil-
mer & Co.,"Blnghamton.-N.'Y.,' who will gladly, send you . by . mall, . immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling, all about
Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimo- *
nial letters received from men and women cured. In. writing to Dr. Kilmer & C&.
11 Blnghamton, be sure to say that you read this generous 1 offer in the San Francisco
'' Sunday: CalL. -:\ ".' v ; ' -.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what yoa need, you . can pur-
chase tbe regular. 50-cent > and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere." Don't
make anjr;mistake,'.bu,t remember. the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address, Bingham ton, N.Y., on every bottle. - a ¦--.'¦
II • iuiEnPllillw^ / \\a&/7- Wear c!ot^ in S an<^ selling direct durable texture ; braid on^ collar, a'^^S'^^^B *WASHINGTON. April 4. — At to-day's session
of the Senate a bill to supply, additional urgent
deficiency appropriations, -carrying $200.(507,
was reported from the Committee on Appropria
tions and passed. ¦'?'- ;¦;.".
SAN JOSE, April 5.-H. O.: Hlckox, a
capitalist of this , city, and Miss Dolly
Ralston were married in Santa Cruz on
Wednesday. The bride is a fascinating
brunette and the youngest daughter of
Mrs. Lila Ralston, of this city. She is a
graduate of the Normal School and has a
host of frlend9. The honeymoon will be
spent in Montana,! where Hickox has
large interests. .. ¦
Hickox-Balston "Wedding.
cash in a safe deposit box in a trust company
and the $00,000 was likewise deposited In an
other trust company.- Two keys to each box
were Issued, the one being held by the a }?Z
tive agent of the company, the other by the
corrupt agent of the members of the Municipal
Assembly. Through the action of the courts
the passage of the ordinance was prevented.
The $135,000. corruption fund was demanded by
the legislators under the claim that^they had
done their duty, all they bad agreed to do. but
the company refused to honor their claims. .
The evidence, shows us that there are In this
city men of seeming great respectability, direc
tors-in large corporations - and prominent in
business and. social circles, who have not hes
itated to put up money for the purpose of brib
ing through the Assembly measures "In wnlcn
they were Interested. - When called before our
body some have added to the offense of bribery
the : crime . of ! perjury, and - only escaped th«
Ignominy: of attaching to their infamous con
duct by reason of the fact that the evidence,
though satisfying our minds, would not be ad
missible In the trial courts. While legal evi
dence may be lacking to bring. upon them the
penalty for their . acts, yet they are morally
convicted and damned by their connection with
such debauchery. Some of these are as guilty
as those against whom indictments have been
returned, the only difference being that they
have been more , successful in covering their
tracks.
¦ No- names are mentioned. in connection
with those charges of- fraud. :
; WASHINGTON, ¦% April ,-, 5;-^An I opinion
rendered ' tof day, by, the Assistant 'Attorney
General J for.' thel Interior- Department and
approved 'byj the Secretary 'holds -that ithe
general: land; laws Vof Jthe -'United ; States,
including ; those : relating : to'j rights \ of .way,
have no ' application [- in f Hawaii, - and \ that
until ! otherwise ! provided i f or i by,.! Congress
the I Hawaiian laws ' furnish \ the I only au
thority! for;! the r disposition"; and ,< manage
ment of , those lands.', 2 The opinion further
holds .that i under certain; Hawaiian ;stat
utes^.which; are ) part "of I those ¦ adopted ' by
Congress • f ori the^ time *> being,' \ the j'.Terri-!
torlal- officers (are [ clothed \wlth • authority
to grants rights 'of way through the public
lands] fori ditches,: canals^ and ! reservoirs
to : be ; employed ( . in '. storing*- arid 'conveying
water,; to? be : used in\the reclamation and
irrigation ! of , r arid [ lands." ¦"--¦ ' ; ." -A. ' ;• !i >.• • '
i led ; four; times < and • has • raised ' four large
families} of f. children.;-' Theselchlldren? are
now"' scattered « all r over i Texas i and pother
Southern ] States?!; He does i not ' know. how
many; descendants [ he has living, "but 'they
number^ up ; ,i In '¦ the 14 hundreds.'* One t of I his
sons lives . in ' Hood \ County /vTexas.** He] is
the " eighth fi child i by the .^ third T marriage
and I is j 52j years '* old.' \*, He : gives!, his * aged
father ; careful ' atteritionyand • accompanies
him ; on ' all ; of • his \trips ¦; to 'Granbury ' and
other places, in ¦¦ that 'section.' ¦'" \
Land Laws in Hawaii.'
¦ . The . mills ; In \ which' the strike begun'; are
two .at 'Kaukauana,-; two -at: Marnette,
two at Grand Rapids, one at Nekoosa and
one at^ Port .Edward. , In all about 1 , BOO
men.went out: to-night.: .Twelve .'hundred;
men in Wisconsin: mills 'are -now, out. y -. \
r APPLETON, " Wis. ,; April • 5.— The big
strike ¦¦ in', the ; Wisconsin paper manufac
turing" district 'which; has ; been jpending
f or^ four, months ), materialized ¦ this) even
ing at ¦. 6 o'clock, when 5 the day, crews of
eight . paper t mills I finished their; work | and
the night | crews | failed j to I report for duty."
Five Hundred ;Men De
; cline to "Work in;
Wisconsin.
; "Grandpa" McGee -lived in Arkansas
until 1 1837, - when he enlisted in ¦ the army
for the war :'agalnst\ 'Mexico. " He'.was"b2
years ' old ; at ' the time; He. served with
General Taylor^throughout that> war and
when it was over he settled in Texas.'. He
has 1 never ' applied , f or,' a pension ; > he says
he ! has no need for- 'one. J.'a He .* ; 'drew V a
bounty of 1280 acres of land.* During! his
long - residence on ; the - frontier ; of '¦¦; Mis^
feourl,* V Arkansas and : Texaa; -' and up '•-. to,
abbutVtwehtyr years: ago.r he : saw;"almost
'constant ' service against'. the ;lridians.'V' He
<h as been in innumerable ; battles with ; dep-
; redating ¦ bands' of { redsKins 'and ( his";body
is covered with , wounds which 1 he received
twbile paving; the ; way . f or i the '; civilization
which now,, surrounds his • home.' . '. *.
•.These wounds have 'given : him consider
able * trouble of-' late^and;' It ; Is : somewhat
difficult -; for; him ; to get about. SHa" was
able, '.however,, to v ; make, '{&'¦ trip'.; tot' the
town .of ' Granbury , his ,' pdstofflce 1 address,'"
a few, days'; ago; and personally/ look after
; matters in';connertlon' i with"a : claim'whlch
-he,-has , presented v against;, the '^United
States Government for property, destroyed
by!- Indians.^ ;,. .- .'"*:•',;.;,;." \\> '¦[¦'. \.- -.•¦'.;,.: "-•;'
?. His mind is '. active and his eyesight^ re
.markably good 1 considering i his Jphenome-J
nal age. . The. older frontiersmen of .Texas'
know,- himV well ' and , they,, say t. that ".there
never was La braver . man ; on r - the f Indian
'.battle field- that
, was an old man as far.back'aSjthe'me^n'::
ory/'of the oldest * of : the ( TexasJ polneers
j:oes. ! '¦ ¦. ' '.-¦..:¦ "'¦" .', V-''-- '•'.'/¦' '-'•¦.'';¦<:
* This .wonderful oldman has been mar-
He was born in a little log: cabin, located
on a spot now covered by the city of St
Louls.^ on June ,12, .1787, making 'him 1 115
years old, lacking only a few weeks/. -He
has documentary proof of ¦ the date and
place of his birth.. Despite his great age;
he y hopes to be able to ; make i the trip to
St. Louis and .view the. sights of the won
derful exposition and the great city .which
has! taken the ; place of the -wilderness
which he knew when a boy and up to the
time he left there, about 1805, .when . he
removed to Arkansas. .He clearly remem
bers the primeval appearance 'of j the lo-'
cality,- where St. Louis ' now ; stands; and
the long; lapse of years ' has :. not , effaced
from : his memory many; Interesting: incl
dents.of that part of the frontier.of those
early, days.,* '¦.-..•: ?';'.¦;¦ •,.;'''; ¦ •'•,--. ; /; ¦ -'.- -. •'
AUSTIN. Tex., April 5.^There Is prob
ably, no man In Texas who is looking for
ward with itnorelnterest to the opening of
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition at St.
Louis next year than ".'Grandpa"; Newman
McGee. who .lives -near Granbury, this
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Texas Man of a Won
drous Age May Go
to St. Louis.
PHILADELPHIA. April B. — Tha meeting 01
tha American Phlloeophlcal Society. wMci be
gan here Thursday, was brought to a elo«« to
day. Many iclentlflo papers were read and
discussed.
CENTURY NOW
IS BEHIND HIM
President Diaz Hay Comet Here.
CITY OP MEXICO, April I— TWk of
President Diaz visiting the United States
this summer Is heard In political circles.
. COL.ON,\ Colombia, April 6.— News has
been received • her» that a few Liberal
troops from Chirqul are in the vlcdnlty of
Cocas del Toro and the Government has
sent a hundred soldiers from here to re
inforce the garrison of the town. Ac
cording to the latest news everything is
quiet at Bocas del Toro, and the action
of the Government -In sending the troops
there Is looked upon as simply a precau
tionary measure.
The Government has Issued a decree
ordering the observance ot a ten days*
period of public mourning in honor of the
late ex-President Manuel Sanclexnecte.
who 'died March 13 at "VTlletta, a few
miles from Bogota. *
Troops Sent by Govern
ment to Reinforce a
Garrison.
LIBERALS STILL
WORRY COLOMBIA
STRIKE BEGINS
IN PAPER MILLS
In ¦ the - People's Hands.
. "This question/.'/ he continued^ ."rests in
the people's ; hands. ; If we have not the
sympathy i of f;the people we cannot j hope
to succeed., My experience of thirty years
as an employer, 1 has taught me that the
, employer is. expected to go more than half
way In meeting th^f employ^. are.re-^
sponslble to v provide 'work^and to see that"
the men ; shall recelvo . a* x fair, share : of ; tfia,
benefits. I believe in organized labor,' and
it is a demonstrated fact that labor con
ditions are benefited when intrusted to an
honest leader. Organised- labor is a con
dition that must be met.": : ¦ ,
'Senator Hanna denounced socialism as
Inimical to '¦ society: and to Industrial de
' velopment . : Socialistic ideas, he said, are
"un-American and? unnatural Ho us as a
people." • . "
president Gompers 1 . remark s referred
chiefly/- to the question of strikes .. and
lockouts. ' Much . as a strike /of , laboring
men Is to be deplored, said he, such action
by, : the j wage earner . is ' the .highest | civil
ized ' expression of discontent \* . among
workmen. A strike is ; a" protest ' against
wrongr and ' injustice 'when there is no
other, way ',of, securing redress.' : ; .
"Every means within the power of every
man, capitalist,'-. laborer.- or; neutral,'' .said
the speaker, /'should be exerted ; to avert
strikes. Yet there are some things worse
than strikes, among, them a degraded, a
debased • or demoralized manhood. No
matter what may be the result of a r strlke
if I the 1 workman's organization is main
tained or a social defeat accomplished/'
Gompers | expressed ¦; opposition 'to ¦ com
pulsory arbitration as , being valueless.' He
said the' 'Civic^Federation was endeavor
ing to bring about commercial and indus-^
trial strength without friction.
Oscar C. Straus, "former United States
Minister, to Turkey,' also spoke.
PHILADELPHIA, April . B.-Senator
Hanna : was the ; principal speaker at ; the
closln? session ; of the' slxthV annual meet-,
ing of the Academy, of "Political and j So
cial , Science. _( He ; divided his subject with
Samuel Gompers, 'president of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, 1 and the question
of the relation • of capital and labor was
discussed bythe two speakers. : '¦•¦¦¦¦ "¦. ;'
Senator :Hanna's; topic was ' "Industrial
Conciliation and .Arbitration," and Gom
pers spoke on '.'Its Possibilities and;LJm-^
itations." ; .
j Senator. Hanna .began his address 'by
referring to the efforts of . the National
Civic ' Federation to reflect the condition
of industrial peace.
\ The industrial department of the Civic
1 Federation, he said,"- although only, two
years old, ;had:< settled . seven', strikes in
three months and prevented the occur
rence of \tvfo- strikes which would ..have,
rendered idle more than 200,000 men. ¦ ¦':« ¦':' '
Hanna stated that he had first
become interested in the subject" of the
amicable adjustment of differences be
tween employes and employers during the
Ohio 'coal strike in 1874.' At that time, he
said,; an agreement j was entered into | be
tween' the -Employers' Association and
the Miners'. Union to meet each other and
exert every effort .for/conciliation before
resorting to drastic measures. As a result
there.were no more strikes of consequence
in that region., " ' -
; The necessities growing out of the vast
productive capacity, in ; this "country, \ said
Senator , Hanna, have forced . the condi
tion ' ! of the aggregation • of 1 capital, the
creating of ; wealth ; In concrete form: > To
absorb it and to render it valuable as : an
industrial Investment we 1 must have in
dustrial 'peace!; The Civic Federation is
beginning to' lay. the foundation of such
a result. ¦>'-••..'. ' - : '¦,-;.-¦.-'-
Senator Hanna Speaks.
>> Special Dispatch to The Call.
: NEW ¦ YORK.' April 5i— A Worid /special
from - Washington - says : ; ¦' Every; time j the
Republican Presidential nomination In 1904
is mentioned- to Senator f Mark' Ai "Hanna
he grins like a Cheshire cati - He says he
Is ' not ¦ a "candidate; His friends \ says) he
is- not a candidate! ;/ ¦..
President Roosevelt' thinks Hahna is. a
candidate.'-;; So do • the President's friends.
A New England Senator j said to-day : ':" If
Hanna.'doesjnot.jump' intoithe air. pretty
eoon, swear and cdme down on this move
ment, it will get away from him and from
everybody else." ,- , : • .'
"Will he do it?" the Senator was asked.
"Well,'.' the Senator replied, ,with* just
the suspicion of a, smile, '"he may jump
into ? the :• air ¦' and ¦ he \ may :• swear,*^ but '.', I
don't' know; whether s he/will comedown
oniit or not.";: \\' Ar/v '
to Sh"ow; Benefits of
<; ~\ , Arbitration.- ;
Oliio Senator" Makes a Speech
i ¦ ¦¦¦¦•¦. — .:•-•'• - -;- .:' :¦: ¦ '^
Spoken of in: Oonnectiori
I '^Withthe Gampaign :•; ¦
i iof 1904/
HANNA LOOMS
AS A CANDIDATE
ALL CORRUPTION
AND VENALITY
Grand \ Jury at St. Louis
-;•; Denounces Official v
Baseness.
Serious , : ; Charges ."••;' Are v Made
Against Municipal As-. ¦
;.:'. j ..sembly.
J:' J - ¦'¦¦' > - •
ST.- XOUIS." rApril 5.— Moat sensational
charges are made by the February Grand
Jury, ¦which' has been : Investigating' . bribj
ery~. and corruption v In the? mu-'
nlclpal •, assembly.'^ in its final report ; to
Judge O'Nell Ryan in the Criminal Court
iit '; noon to-day. ¦ The iepor t declares that
the ; people of St." Louis^ have, but a'.vaguo'
conception of , the extent' to '^whicn corrup
tion a nd venality ' have V f orv the -, past ; teii
years existed 1 among their j sworn- officers
and' public- servants... it finds the true,con
dition of affairs almost too appalling for
belief. V' A tribute, is paid to Joseph W.
Folk,'. the Circuit Attorney, under whose
leadership, . the • investigation is . being
m.ade. ; ." ..-..¦ .• ,. ... ,.'• \
: These : indictments, already made pub-,
lic^v were -by the Grand Jury .to
day: Bribery, Robert N.Snyder; attempt
ed , bribery, .Edward Butler and John : II.
Becker; perjury/Georgo J. Kobusch. ~ : /
In part I the ; report reads as follows : . "A
far-reaching and ' systematic , scheme of
corruption has been carried on for. years
by I members ' of the ' municipal' assembly.
These members . form what ; ; are ': called
/combines'; for; the purpose : of holding up
domestic legislation ; until j their demands
ini the way of /money .consideration -are
compiled with/ Instead of discharging the
duties of office for the public good and in
accordance with their oath, they.; become
organized^ gangs? for plunder, using their
office to enrich themselves at the people's
expense?'/ ;
? "Our investigation, covering, more ot
less, fully j a ; period of | ten years, shows
that with , f.ew ' exceptions no ordinance
has (been \ passed whereli} valuable privi
leges or franchises. are granted until those
interested, in I the r passage thereof have
paid the > legislators the money demanded
for; action in (the particular case. " No
municipal corporation •. has ever had its
most valuable •: franchises < so recklessly
and scandalously disposed of for a consid
eration which found Its' Way, .npt^to the
city: treasury, but . into the itching; palms
of the public pilferers. •
"The, persons against whom, indictments
for bribe-giving and ' bribe-taking have
been ¦ returned are but | a' small; percentage
of those : whom-, inquiry "convinces us • de
serve to wear the garb of convicts.".
The • report then continues: . .";¦ ;
We have had before us i many, of those who
have\been and most of those .who are now, mem
bers \>t the House of Delegates. .We regrret to
report that" we found a number : of ; these ut
terly Illiterate and lacking ordinary Intelligence,
unable to give. a better reason for favoring or
opposing - a , measure ' than a desire - to , act .with
the majority. In some no-trace, of mentality
or; morality could be found; tin ¦'others- 1 a '.low
order of training : appeared, united " with base
cunning, groveling instincts and sordid desires.
These; men,' through their corrupt agent, ap
proach the. legislative representatives of power
ful combinations or corporations competing for
valuable - franchises, . demand • and ' receive of
them sums . of money • ranging from . $100 to
$100,000 for their individual votes and Influ
ence.
Payments to Officials.
> From the evidence before us it appears that
an official of the city government boasted of the
fact that he had made $25,000 a year out of his
official position which paid a legitimate .sal
ary of but $300 a year. ¦* Another official, ac
cording to evidence before us, agreed with one
Interest to do an official act for $75,000, and
afterward from the opposing Interests accepted
the sum of $100,000 for doing tha very, opposite
of that which he had agreed. to do for $75,000.
One legislator received in cash at his Own resi
dence, the sum of $50,000 for his vote on a pend
ing, measure.,- This was retained by him for. a
few- days ' and ; then returned in ¦ the V hope .' of
receiving a larger sum. ; The measure was en
acted and' the member. ; after much delay,' -waa
. finally compelled to accept $500 in full for ; his
vote on the franchise. bill.-. . • , ;-,; ; ;
Convincing documentary evidence • was un
earthed ' proving, that ¦ the , sum ' of $145,000 waa
placed, in escrow in, a bank In thla city to.be
paid to the. members of the Municipal.Assem
bly of St. Louts upon the passage of a valuable
franchise ordinance. This ordinance failed, and
a second bill was Introduced, upon the passage
of which the sum of about $2j50,0OO was distrib
uted among those members. . After the passage
of this ordinance the franchise was sold for one
million two hundred ; and .fifty- thousand \ dol
lars.'-; The cjty realized . nothing whatever for
this franchise. .: In these matters the statute of
limitation was . a bar to '¦ the finding of indict
ments against nearly all of the guilty parties.
The more recent attempt of a street railway,
company < to ' secure I a ¦ franchise has been con
spicuously brought - to public notice ¦ through
proceedings ; In- the s criminal • courts. In this
case an agreement was made between, the leg
islative agents of the. company and the repre
sentatives ¦ of • the . combines In both' branches'
of the Municipal r Assembly by the terms .of
which $75,000 was to be paid .to certain mem
ber-. 1 of the House of Delegates and | $60,000 to
certain members of the Council In consideration
of such members voting for the proposed meas
ures. :,. . i «';.,' ,.. , l ¦ '.:/¦ ¦ ,¦ J \ .-¦ ;.
The first named amount waa' deposited in
Ancient Foresters Entertain.
An was given last night
In Golden Gate Hall by the. Ancient Order
of Foresters in aid of the Twentilth Cen
tury "Club.. An interesting programmes
vas presented. Dancing followed the
minstrel and vaudeville entertainment.
John -Fryer Delivers Lecture.
Professor John Fryer of the University
of California delivered an illustrated lec
ture last night entitled '.'The Great Yanjj
tse Valley of China," at the Library
building, 31 Post, street. The attendance
was good and the lecture- very.- Interest
ing. . - > :¦:?¦>:¦¦
20
Se san fr^gisgo call. Sunday, april g, ; 1902.
-If you suffer from any of the weaknesses or We cure you first and then ask a REASOV-
diseases caused »by ignorance, -excess or conta- ABLE FEE when you are mr»ii ?«« ~Z~ il^
Eion— YOU. ARE THE 'VERY, PERSON WE pend upon our word Hundreds of Datient» h^"
WANT TO TALK TO. .: . Indorsed us. NOW WE ?WANT TO eiTRB vfS
..:-We have proven our skill In curing CHRONIC -with the distinct understendlnVtSTwe win
diseases by publishing the many voluntary tea- not demand a FEE until we eu>» ™T wf JT
tlmonlals from home people,' giving names, plot- LOST MANHOOD SPERM atorbht a «SS*
urea. and, addresses. . . INAL WEAKNESS CONTRACTED mlnn
:.-:WE C^N'TiPUBLISH OUR= l^J^>^f^ m^l:
I CURES W PRIVATE : %*Z^j$»^&^^^t2£
in ano^her^ way. This 1» our.plan: y letter or to pSS^'cSlXOR^TMTB^ *
111! J. JllUIVE J tt JliUlVC J, Specialists, 933 Market St., San FrancUco, Cal.
Office JHoura-^Week Days, B"a.-m. to 4 p. m. Evenings, 6 to 8. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 noon. *
Pay When Cured,
Weak Men.
Catarrh, Stomach Troubles, Nervous Diseases.
Kidney Diseases, Bladder Troubles, Heart Dis-
eases. Diseases of the Stomach and Bowels.
Piles; Fistula and Rectal -. Diseases. Female
Complaints. Diseases of Wdmen and Children.
Rickets. 1 Spinal Troubles, Skin Diseases. Deaf-
ness, Asthma, Bronchial and Lung Troubles,
Rheumatism, Hay Fever/Neuralgia, Hysteria,
Eye and Ear Diseases. Goitre or Big Jfeck, Dis-
eases . of . the ¦ Prostate Gland. La Grippe, .Lost
Manhood, etc. : : Blood Diseases. Private • Di»-
eases. •¦ Scrofula and all . forms of Nervous . and
Chronic Diseases that are curable.
HOME TREATMENT CURES. TVRITE FOR
SYMPTOM LIST. CONSULTATION FREE.
¦¦'¦ "I consulted Dra.'. Shores .°& Shores; and; after,
a careful examiiiation, they Informed me. that I
could be entirely and permanently cured.'-; and ? I
am very glad , to ; be able to ; say I that ¦ they , have
kept their word and I feel now that I am en-
tirely • cured, y > v -~J<fl<g8allW l|J >| w^ || )II ||| jJ11SWpto*ll
r j "I am ,an > old *> resident ¦ in ' Oakland, / and any
one doubting this, statement is at liberty to call
on me and I will -.verify the truthfulness of this
testlmonial.^^BIMMjwawhBWtW
. .' !'(Slgned) : MRS. ; M. A. i EMBURY,
; '.'3S25 ' Howe . et., Oakland, Cal." ¦
: "Drs. Shores &' Shores have entirely cured me
of catarrh, V says MRS.' M.Ar EMBURY of 3S25
Howe street/^Oakland,! Cal:. -j •;,.;. . . : ;¦¦':./. :\
*,~"I.was a great sufferer. i: My nose would stop
. up'i' so '- that"; I : could ;" scarcely,'- breathe ¦ at ' &ll.'i, I
had entirely ; lost my; ¦ sense, ¦ of smell,-, and ; there
¦,was"so much* mucus 'dropping In my. throat 'that
I could not taste any thlng.^I's would (frequently
¦ have fa ] gathering j In my .'head, {causing se-.
' verest .pain between my eyeB. > ily stomach was
bad, and' I was often distressed j after /eating.
; My heart would palpitate so that I could not lie
'on my. left slde.V In fact,", I • was run down every,
' way , f rom' so much catarrhal poison in' the sys-'
' tern." '/':'• :?¦;¦ ~..*.V - : -'- ; - ' ¦';¦-.'.••.!';-
CATARRH CURED.
MRS. M.- A. EMBURY.
We Treat and Cure
- ¦ /-.UNDER THIS SPECIAL OFFER TOU.ONLT PAT FOB THE MEDICINES ACTUALLY USED. Many Will b» cured fox CO «—<*j
The most stubborn cases ot chronic disease will not exceed $5 for one whole month. ' . f
' If you have catarrh,': it you are deaf, if you suffer from asthma or lung troub le, 'if you have stomach, liver or kidney dtm*«tti or any'
other chronic ailment,, this Is your opportunity to obtain skilled medical • treatment practically free. "
"WHY EXPERIMENT: > WHY- SPEND MONEY ON "FAKE :: PATENT MEDICINES,". WHICH OFTEN CONTAIN' COCAXN3L /
OPIUM OR SOME OTHER DANGEROUS NARCOTIC, when you can get expert medical treatment practically free? THIS GRAND SPE-
CIALi OFFER GOES INTO EFFECT. AT ONCE. AND HOLDS GOOD TO ALL WHO APPLY THIS WEEK. DO NOT DELAY. START
IN AT ONCE. CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL. • . V
The Head. and Tlxroat." "- ; "Hare you a coughr*
r This form of catarrh is most common— result- .^ v 5 l°^f 1 Ht* ny ,Z'~. ¦ ¦¦ M
ins from , neglected colds-qutckly > cured with "S^Son^? ?J£h* ?m".t o tT.»-r» ' **
little costlby Drs. . Shores* famous treatment. ..g? «^,£ r ?,^, y n ? t rtm J" r «.*~
•'T» vnni iinM ntnnnod im?" • Uo Oyl 8 P*^ U P little Cheesy Iump8~
"Dow ybSr^Ie dfschareV'" * "Do you feel you are growing weikerr*
"IsTour n^^^^ .XU** "Electing^ these warning»-«to*
, "Is there pain in front o£ headr* -the disease before it reaches the lungs.
-. "Do you hawk to clear the throat V . ; ¦•«* tne Otomacn.
; Vis your,throat dry. in the inorqingr* Catarrh of the Stomach is usually caused by
:' "Do you sleep, with your mouth open?" . swallowing mucus, which drops down from th*
You can be easily cured now— don't let It run head and throat at night. Quickly cured at llt-
lnto comDlicatlons. . '.. tie cost by Drs. Shores' famous treatment.
1 ' The.BroncMal;Tube S . : :
When catarrh of the head or throat is neg- "is your tongue coated T'
lected or wrongfully treated it extends down "Do you bloat up after eating V
the windpipe Into The bronchial tubes, and after '. "Is there constant bad taste In the moutnT
a while attacks the lungs. hjflMflMggUg Now is the time to be permanently cured.
Matty pill Be Cured for 50 Cents.
To all beginning treatment with Drs. Shores & Shores, San Francisco's leading specialists, THIS
WEEK;,to prove to : tHe : public that there is a PERMANENT. CURE for CHRONIC DISEASES (that are
curable), the doctors "give their professional services FREE and their treatment FREE to all who apply
BEFORE APRIL 13th... ; The "only expense to the patient will be for the medicine ACTUALLY USED.
Treatmeiiit Absolutely Free Until Cured
£5 5500Jfords $L0O Quality Moire Velour Silk, in Ail Colors, at 3
' AGAIN "oun'VlLK' DEPARTMENT will' assort its SUPREMACY .by ah'nounclnp, .beginning to-morrow r THE W pif ;f\ ZSt'
•T" r GREATEST, SILK OFFERING ever, attempted in San Franciecp.^Through^some. verj-clever manioulatlon^ we » e " *-% "^,1 O : Hi
SS= cured the past wwk from a very pramlnent Bilk manufacturer, 5500 ; yards fine ¦ QUALITY MOIRE VELOUR at a f | g*f | f - Z^t
"¦— tremendous prlee reduction— thus the concession that brings to you exactly. the -fabrics Xhat thousands of womerr are >^-' Ll '.-V;'^"7*'
ready to buy right ¦ now. Every popular shade is represented in this great purchase,; such 'as White, Cream, -Lught . ¦ YARD'""
:Sue Pink. Nile! lavender. Corn. Turquoise. Cardinal and Royal.- and Is. the identical quality that is retailed -all.: ; -,^-'< ¦ r«
»- over'at ?1 a yard; a -fine grade, of a silky and lustrous finish. Just. the kind- so.much, In demand -now for AValsts, _Eklrt3_ and -—»
2ZZ Gowns Though the-quantlty is large, they are bound to go in a rush, because these are by far ., the most WON DERFUL SILK
•— VALUES of thejr kind ever presented. Silks that are worth $1 a yard, to-morrow and while they last......: .... '. .lard 5Jc ~«»
.g *• SECOND WEEK OF THE GREATS TOULARDSILKvS4LE
m*— The Silks we f=old last week caused great astonishment. We're Just, on the threshold- of . spring— just beginning H^/iJLl ' H2
i= ; the Silk e*eson. and we are offerinK FOULARDS at unprecedented prices. We repeat the offer to-morro%v, when we &J KB 3 a SQ —m
SC= rp iace on sale an additional lot of HANDSOME PRINTED SATIN:LIfiERTY FOULARDS— the i season's choicest styles V . B _** ;^
«*— in exqulrtte plain and JiemstUched tffects. In the prettiest designs ' and in all the- leading ;sprlng. - colorings. FOU- . - ¦ > - .;. . .
ZZ LARDS that s^ld utitlL'WcenUy af|l'25 and $1.60 yard, to-morrow.. v -.... ..'.., v...t...;.. ;.;,-..'.. .•.;..-._:. -..-Yard ii4^u\Jev£l\ii "^
| NEW^SPRING DRESS FABRICS Beailtif ul Cbttbn '•- J1 M 1
«^~ A grand dippljiy- of epring Dres3 Goods — glance at It — or do- :. . ... . '. ' . - . '¦'¦ ' ¦ ' : 1 ~TS
*7~ better tliari that—study" It. . iYou'll be the gainer. Light weight, %%/' : -'.*•*/ f> - ¦ _d' '.' " . >^S
•»— «i:y jfTeits have the !f ad, and these are shown in the soft, cling-- W^lCn B -m <Th <f> (Cjl g? .¦'¦'¦' : : , ¦ — «•
•— ing Crepes. Ktamiaos, Otepe de Paris, etc.. in every shade that, f J Ci>3 1 B . VJ UV/il^t • . ' < v:"^-. '¦ -~*g,
S^Z If desirable.*^ '"¦" ' " " ' '..?';r : ', —'¦.'< . ,—^i
Bfc FOB H0HD1Y— SILK AND WOOL CBEPE DS CSINEStl.CO YARD. : : - •.¦' The -. beauty. .- of our -Wash Fabric Exhibit Is on every tongue. -^J
E^ • ti,- ™^* - t •?_ * u_t At .» v«_ ™-i^o i n .i. si im «f T«n ' Dainty pretty Organdies, Dimities. Batistes, Lawns, Swisses, Ox- -3
*^ Emwn rtannSi-m, mJZd^ Gr"een New "«ord Cheviots and Ginghams ' abound r in prof uslon.' Our collec- -~3
c(^. urown, cnampagac, Lcru, Ulscuit, Kose, irreen, Keseaa,_i\ew . ». . n .~ .1.. mM comnlptA w lnv» «•» shnwn -wi tnvitn • — <•
SE= niue, Castoc Cream end Black, On sale In our Dress Goods : "° n Is now the most complete we ha\e ever shown. "We invite _^,
g— aepartment at....-.; % .^.... S'iJ,".^.:*. Jfl^SO yard >our early inspection. :^X-. .. ... ,<_¦¦_¦ ~m
•»- BLACK DRESS GOODS. SPECIALLY HUCED. M0NDAT, '^>^C,^ TARD — "F^BTtOIBTiMfRD FJ^VISRES— The second ; — <•
~T VOILE ETAM1NE and All- Wool Black Panama Cloth, sopopu- *)£\C YARE) — MERCEHIZED FOTJI/ARTDS— A grand, -«
ST~ lar at present, warranted all" wool, '40 Inches wide, the , cor- ¦¦¦*-**** collection of, beautiful Cotton Foulards, In medium and ;33
"¦¦" rect material for eklrts and entire dresses; on sale to-morrcw. dark colors, .in . exquisite designs, warranted to wash well ; a : —wi :
J^;> at .' « ? 1.00 yard sreat variety to select from; special value ...25c; yd '-*g-
.JS\-- v?e :M.
i EMBROIDERY SALE. W*$ m-^mv, a : g
g~ EmkroUtrfM th»t art worth 20e »nd cfegjr ~~ ""*
This ; announcement 1 ft / / WPh 7\. H I Ul V OUCUld! U llul lilt' U I =3
by itself ought to be MlA / \bc£«j 11 ' \_i". _* . r - _ ' "- - .¦•°'i i - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
sufficient to bring the I /I 1 . / $&}& ' ' ' P \\\i fir An a O \r\rlts. >; ' ¦ " ' 4= S'
ZZ blggert crowd to our I£lj / A W&Fl 1 MlR 1 1 TP NlnTTQ 13!
~Z J-mbroidery Depart- Z,TiT / A. *^?jt. I 1 0 1 1 H - Ul COO U llll lOl . -" ? =S
E" l^^^\,Tl^Ui^ Y\\ imlf\ 150 New Spring Samples -at 3
•*— from Kew York's leading lm- \. y^^«B^<S>' Vfisi-' ' ; To-morrow you will have an opportunity to O*% #% f|f| :~S
porter, will be offered at half-- Ik O 5^***K choose from all the new spring styles at the \*1 a fl lill
price. Every piece is made on \a^N vin _ S^ d\r*^i lowest prices of the year. We place on sale "I* / fl B 1 '"^
*^" substantial cloth, well finished / V^1*S^ «/ *J?^»3eJ» all the samples from the ; leading New - York iL ftJ v..,\,
5^: ratterns. in Kdglngs and Inser- / / I'^^r^^Jf'^fi^^p'StZ^. ski^t manufacturer, and «,o cheaply did we ™.-^ — *¦
¦»- tions.' from S to 1> INCHES . 'S . *^Z *Jp5?£»2'uKij4^/&y • secure them that we are enabled to save you from $5 to 57 50 "-?}
*T~- WIDE— Ihe variety being bo <^ on every skirt. There are PEAU DE SOIE and TAFFETA -*»
•— rreat that no matter lor -what —£>? ¦ SKIRTS, a choice collection of new styles, of which there are — ¦ «g
purpose it is wanted the suitable •*JX*z*£^ , hardly ; two\ alike. Skirtn made up to please ' the most careful ' ", _3
S^ designs/quality and width can be found. Embroideries that ars - dressers, in v styles. • shape and.: excluslveness .and at the ¦ same ¦ —^»
•— well worttiiOc and 25c; on sale at 12c yard time give them values that no one can equal, *at.. '...'.920 each ~^f.
£ 100 GRASS LIHEH PEHICOATS Monday . sale of^ ; 50c SPRING UNDER- 2!
l£ STSK C| QR GIBSON SILK WAJSTS WEAR " f
¦T— «dvantar» of. They are made cj I I U tl . -" • j. . ¦ ¦ ;.? v ¦ ¦• »» t - r * I »-. , ¦'¦;^Z
S^ of a Novelty Lace Striped -- i« Borne of the new arrivals 4* ft ft f% To introduce "a new line of ftftl — ¦*
¦— - Grars Linen, finished with deep tacn just opened. will be found ei-^/l . UX Underwear we quote them at sp»- J <' O _Ji
S^ ruffles and extra under flounce, Just the tremely interesting. A beauti- O^l Uv CUU prices to-morrow. Ladles' U U.I If
skirts you will want soon for country or ful line of Silk Waists, In the: ,. c -y. -. , fine summer weight. Vests, Pants _ \T ' "^*
mountain wear; were bought below the new "Gibson'! model, fine- tacn.' and Tights, neatly finished seams, tacn
ZZ. regular price; are well worth $2.50. Mon- French tucking, with - the •, new ¦ collars, fine formatting garments in H. N. L. S. -^
•— «lay ...". •......;..'. $1.05 each sleeves and cuffs; made, of a splendid and H. N. 9. S. Drawers and Tights, knee ?- -^
2*" ¦>-' : ¦¦¦•¦¦- quality Taffeta, in all colors. Including or ankle length. Special ::;! l-.'tc
: SALE OF WHITE ORSANDY AND 21c^^^;if^^^p
g= ' : EK BUSH LONG CLOTHE" k V ; ; ---¦-- — ¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦¦-- - ular 35s hose. To-morrow........ 21c pair '^J
St= %' Monday and Tuesday. i : MORE : -V-',' '_...__ ...:...>; . ¦- -5
E 'i^JTSSr^SSf-STtSS/SSSSr V4LEKCIENNES LACE ANOTHER LINING SALE 2
n 7n-!HnH WHITE ORRAKDY :co : a pleces ' bargains to-morrow. • -•-•/' Monday.
li: '"""..""'JJ- UntAHUl|*p ;. r e n c h »i,«t ,¦,„.„„., m ,, Ta «» 200 pieces Mercerized < Sateens, 36 lnche* -~
zz 45c Quality, 29c Yard. -™£ % t £& t .^.J£ t - m £F&t?& t i%Z 3ll in la .ii d SS?i 0 T-'-3
SZ mcheJwide, of a very sheer *£&: on values we^re .bonstanUy givlnB. ™?f R^ .^la^iSf ' q5afl y. C ° Monday >3
gy- tpecial sale at .....21>c yard Again for. to-morrow: . -only........... „. 21c yard s 12
EN6LISJTL0N8 CLOTH, 0^ «tSSS%JK? c ™ mcl °™ a , the BOcSILK MOREEN -5-i?1,,ttSSSSr^3
•^ 52 Ooal.tf. S .45?^ece p ortedta - 6e11 at I?* 5 X*\- 'i**** ° n **]<* at..,-... 15c dozen At 32c Yard. the same quamy =s
|fc _ > v' yu.iijiwi-tjiib^ | 200 a piece> 35c Val. Laces on sale at...... 25c dozen fl . l ;T* IH1U » which we had on sale US
"Are 36 inches wide (contain , 12 .yards eachj; 45c VaL Laces on sale at.. \...It5c dozen three weeks ago; to-morrow at 32c yard. . -^
mm~~ *¦ soft and flae -gradei v ; -To- morrow ...... . C5c Val. Laces on sale at...... 50c dozen In all the leading colorings; were sold *^
g— '....". $1.45 piece S5c Val. Laces on eale at......O5c doztn orlglnaMy at 60c. . To-morrow.... 32c yard
g | CONtlNlJATjON OF OUR HOLSE^FURiSiSHiNG SAtE. |
»- To those who were unable to take advantage of Our Special House Furnishing sale of last" week we suggest to come to-
y~ tnorrcw. for the stock is stifl complete. ' Here we quote only a few of the many Items on Bale. ' • ~Z
SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. iCOMFORTERS AND TOWELS. BED SPREADS. 3
100 dozen Pillow Cases of durable . •. C1<25 EACH — 15 dozen extra size Bed QQ« EACH- 20 .dozen. Honev Onmh
. J^ tnuslin. eize 45x36, worth 1214c, ( Q» «5« , OOmforters, nicely quilted, filled »OV/ Quilts. full ' size, ALREADY '--•
•s— - tEpecial at..: Each wv with pure white cotton, good value at $1.75, HEMMED, regular value $1.25. •¦•• ¦¦. ¦'¦ r*S
fc: 60 dozen Sheete, 2x2%5-ards. on sale at ....$1.25 each fi»|.S5 EACH— 15 dozen EnWshwir -*».
• worth 60c, for. ..Each "tO^ CrO-OO DOEEN- 150 '. Aosen ' All Linen O"* seilles Quilts, extra heavy "''in thl 1
St= 50 dozen Sheets. 2Hx2H yards, f-Q^ *!>¦*• * Huck Towels,- good-wearing qual- choicest, designs. •_ good ; value *2 50 Sail -^
»- , worth €5c, for... Each OZC ity. In pretty borders, worth $2.50. price V.:.. ....../.............' 8105 Each =2
It ir g «c P i,T«p ye TT r i COUNTRY ORDERS BhCEIVE PROMPT- ATTENTION 1
I S.KEKEE BLACK SILK ' ¦ -1. ¦¦_ •- '''•¦ . . - .... -._ . «¦*»
- " • " N ' - Advebtisements. ; , - '
' '¦"¦:' '.' San Francisco. Sunday. 6 April, |l
New Design,
Price $13.50
The best metal bedstead we have ever offered at the price-
Regulation double size. Your choice of three colors— light.
• olive enamel, black enamel and dark olive enamel. Height
head/62 inches. Height of foot, 46 inches." Picture shows de-
sign of bed very well. "Price $I3-5 O - . , . > t •
The metal bed line on the fifth floor is brimful of novelties
now.. A" new finish called "The Alhambra" is excitinar lots of
favorable comment— "it's so. different" Some of the new all
brass beds, with a combination of dull and polish finish, are I
beautiful beyond description.- ' i H
The carpet store is making history these days.' Only thirteen f|
months old, and "doing THE business of the town." Doubt- H
" ful?— a visit will convince you. •. a
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) |
957 to 977 .Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. ¦
IKji The sale at The Owl Drug Store all next week will be a "J8f '
M "vkg sale for everyone. A special' sale of drugs, medicines . % :
'Mi ' *nd toilet articles much lower than they have ever been purchased W
" '"11 or c^" orc * Telephone orders delivered- South 356. • w\\
j re , Raymond's Florida* Water Carter's Hair, l^enewer v ¦
iv --^RepdiT joe • v Rernlar price 7Jc— -it restores gray " 1|Y}|
n D«~~»^. M.fi i> it ; baij to it» oatnral color : jlj!
ijj i^cnner $ wait I5c 1 i'H»" : n iir* •' ' ¦ n I*!
it Carl Renner'* Malt, made In Munich WSiCjTS Uental CrCam.-V- lOc IM
:* Good for ttrenfth and to Increase A dental crt-ara of wonderful merit — • M'\
I j weight — ipecial price by the dozen- ¦ fragrant, cleansing and pleasant — - - • -III I
»\ Japanese Cleaning Fluid !5c Churchill's Soap , 10c * Vl"
4| tt Nothing better for taking out rreaio - : A ikin *°*f ei 01 , 11 ** »« «lie bett ikln ' /BS '
».} cpott in clothing— regular tjc , ¦ • '- P* ""."f^rke^rerolMpriceajc fjilj '
Kidney .Plasters 15c I Kenan's Scotch Whiskey" 7 . "95c " W/ •
, \l\-. A plaster to reliere pain, regoUruc ¦ -R'jfht from- Scotland— wOling .reg- ' jjijj
M Hermitage Whiskey rj"? 65c PabsT^Best 1 Tonic 20c £// ,
Y^ The regular ddUrbottU,.^.;", . ,>:Regnlir 15c bottle, special |i.z 5 do*. Ill
W* Send for our new cotalog'uc— just out n/JJstreets., >;' -":'-¦•¦ ' ¦
L. H. Sly will build a six-story ' and
basement apartment house on the south
line of ; Turk street, west from Hyde. It
will cost $60,000.
The trustees of the Crocker heirs have
proposed to the St. Francis Hotel man
agement to erect on the present site of
tho old Cosmos Club building another
structure to be connected with the hoteL
has in^vle^w the erection of
a large \ building* for factory ," use ? on :¦ the
northwesty corner; of .* Second ' and 'Silver
'1 John ' Breuner ' will -erect ' a • family hotel
with'200 rooms on the north Clay
street,; 10D. r feet : east from "Van ,Ness
avenuei'-V-' '¦'¦-.'¦ '¦ -'¦ •• - ¦• •" V" ¦' v ; ', ; ' . .'•'
1 Only - $250 -is needed to " make up' the
amount^fpr f bitumlnlzlng'. Mission . street
from : Crescent avenue to Onond^sa' ave^
nue. ; ; ; Twenty 1 thousand ¦ dollars - 1 was % ap
propriated by.the Board 1 of- Supervisors
for that purpose. : ' ; The .'remainder, of the
contract' price,'-. $30,000,.' has;- now,' been
nearly ; made ' up and work _will soon {com
mence. -f-",-.'.'."?;:" : • ;^'* , -">* ¦* i-j"':.;~\;![
[Hartland 'Law. has sold to Charles Hol
brook the ¦ northwest ' corner of . Mission
and Annie, streets," 23x115 feet. for. $137,500,
with improvements, i consisting of a , six
story i brick building." which I is nearly, new.
F., B, Surrhynahas sold" the northeast
corner, of Franklin street and Ash ave
nue, 33xS7.6, if or $10,000. ;¦ /. C . . -. ¦ \ ¦,
The San Francisco Realty Company, has
been incorporated'; by Douglas S. Watson,
Charles >\R. ;, Bishop and ; John H. ' Spring.
The capital stock. is $200, 000. .:.'.;.¦
. I>yon I & Tloagr. owing to | the increase- of
their business, are, again ¦ compelled ' to
remove to larger quarters, this; being the
second move in two years. The new lo
cality Is • at ; 116 Montgomery t street, to
"which; the flrm,,will.go on the 1st of, next
month, fl They have ' engaged • the entire
ground floor and will occupy it all. ¦
Clay $8000; Mary Tierney to Rudolph Franke,'
three flats, 287 Clara, street, $3000: J. Kille
lay to M. M. McLaughlln. five. flats. 35 Perry
street. . $5250; Anne Gallagher to Peter /Weber,
two flat3, 212 Utah street. $2100: M. J. Olson
to : Lulu .Hayden,- residence,- 1132 Fell street,,
$41G0; B.' Robinson to M. M.iMoLaughlln. three
flats. ; 51 to 53 ; Shipley street. $:j000: estate of
J?mes A. Johnson to A. H. Baley. six flats.-27
to 31 Morris avenue, $5500; R. - Dunsmulr's
Sons Co. to Dr.' J. M. Freeman, four flats and
coal yard, 511 to 513 Natoma street. $6000; W.
\V. Redhall to E.F.7 Duffy, lot , on the • east
line of Tremont avenue. 267:3 south of Waller
street, .$S>GO; Alexander Bond to J. Bliss, three
modern ¦ flats on northeast corner ' of Flllrrfore
ati'1 • Hermann streets. $8200. - The , latter sale
was made In conjunction with F.-B. Surrhyne.
i .Citizens' Building and Loan" Association to S.
A. Sullivan, modern residenoe,'. 114 Lyon ' street;
ticar . Oak, ¦ $5350 ; • L. * Oppenhelm ¦ to W. S. , Bru
ner,* modern residence.- 311 Spruce i street;- near
T Lots. on- the west line of | Steiner. street,- be
tween: Vallejo 'anU ¦ Green, streets, from $1(JSO
to $2000. ¦ and $3700 for lot on the south line
of ' Green street;- lot, on I the east-line. of Sev
enth street. -320 feet south from Berry, $4300;
lot : on tho south -line of Broadway, 103:0 feet
east from Steiner -street, $3750; lots on, the
south I line " of ».* Seventeenth i street, cast '• of
Church, $1200 to; ' \- $1475 , each; Mot: p . on
Dorland « street, 'near Church, v$ 725;' lot.;' on
the south line of Union street, 195:0 west 'from
Gough, $1CCO; Vlot :, and two-story residence ' on
the north line : of 'Nineteenth street,- 245 'feet
east from Dolores, $22S0; lot'onthe south lin«
of • Eighteenth 1 street. 1 100 . feet I west from Guer
rero -street.-- $3Go5:- southwest corner of! Lorn-"
bard" and Buchanan., etreets, $1600; lot<onthe
east-line of Van'Ness avenue, 12.18 feet north
from Greenwich; street," $2150; northwest cor
ner of Mission find .Brook streets, $3125. •;? '•
(, Messr3. ,., Nelson. Johnson ;'&'-¦ Co. report
the .follcwins, sales:, '•¦.. , . ;
Two new flats seven and | nine rooms, Nos. ¦,
2624-2624A ;Bush street, > near Broderick, . lot
26x137:0 feet; two', well-built houses of • six
rooms and bath each, Nos. 3422-3424 Nine
teenth street, north side, near Mission;. Web
ster-Btreet; residence, -.No. 710, .near Grove;
three modern flats of. five, five and six rooms
and bath each on: Harriet street, near.Folsom;
business property, • No. 1020 Folsom street, near
Harriet; Mission -. residence, ¦ No. 20. Dorland
street, near • Guerrero; I Richmond I cottage, : No.
2_y Eleventh avenue, ' near California street,
with lot 25x120 feet: • Mission' cottage," No. 235
Douglass street; "Western Addition cottage. No.
1413 Baker street; ' Church-street- cottage anJ
Sixteenth-street building lots/ . .
Easton, • Eldrldge «5_ Co. report prices at
their >ecent auction sale as follows: V. ¦¦'.:
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will hold another
auction sale of, city properties" next Tues
day, , when the following desirable - pieces
will be offered: : , - <l' v ;< v v; :^
have foliage upon it. In the first subdi
vision of the park 2500 trees will be plant
ed. A. S. Baldwin says the intention is to
give seekers of suburban homes attractive
home sites; at .their, own price. San Mateo
has been ' having a phenomenal growth,
and during the' past five years this firm
alone . has sold $500,000 worth of land in
the locality. : . ,
Lot 57:0x100 feet, with three, flats on the
east line of Lagnna street, between : Broadway
and Vallejo, $20,000; northeast corner of Ful
ton street and Eighth avenue; <J5xl22 feet, with
two-story improvements. $18,000; lot 00x137 :H,
with two-story frame, on . the west ' line \ of
Hyde street, 77:0 feet north from Sutter, $18.
000 • northwest corner of Hayes street and Cen
tral avenue, 137:0x120 feet, with improvements,
$1C.DOO. ¦
H. E. Poehlman reports the sale of 49:7x
112:6 on, the east line of , Mason street,
137:5 feet north from Sutter, and having
a. frontage of 112:6 feet on Delta place, for
$30,150, with Improvements, consisting of
three eleven-room ' houses and a' building
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. have sold the
Repelier Hotel property on the south line
of Sutter street, 42:6 feet east from Jones,
to Mrs. Sarah R. Rodgers for ; $85,000. The
same brokers have sold the following ad
ditional properties: , *! . .
Hotel Property Is Sold.
Northeast corner of McAllister and Broderick
street. 20 by 112:8. $6150; lot and building; on
Howard street, near Eighth. 30 by i5. 5<OOO;
lot on Oak street, near Baker, -5x122:6. $22oO;
two lots on Elizabeth street,, near Douglass,
25 by 100, $2050; residence and * lot ion Pine
street, near Gough. 55 by 100. $14,000; lot on
Jones street, near Jackson,- 24 :C by; 137.6.
$3250- lot on Jackson street 30,by-12S:9. $4000.
Lot and four-room cottag« on the cast line
of Eighth avenue, between J and K streets, to
W Fried, $2000; four- room cottage and lot on
west line of Ninth avenue. - near M street, to
Frank C. Sunder; lot 25 by 100 feet on the
south line of J street, 57:6 fe«t west of Eight. 1
avenue, $800: lot 25 by 100 feet on the east line
of Eighth avenue, 225 feet north of K street,
$800; lot 25 by 100 feet on the north line of
California street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third avenue. $S00: lot 25 by 120 feet
on the east line of Ninth avenue. 200 feet north
of I street. $1200: lot 25 by 120 feet on the
west line of Ninth avenue. 60 feet south of M
etreet, $050; lot 100 by 100 feet In block 61
and lot 50 by 100 feet in block 17. Kxcelsior
Homestead.
Thomas Magee & Sons have .made the
following sales: % ¦">.>•'>, .v.
Balt plant site. McAfee Brothers have
been the agents in the several transac
tions leading up to this general result.
Sol Getz ' & Bro. report the following
sales:
Baldwin & Howell are first in the field
with a 'suburban auction sale.;. They have
been instructed to sell^ at public auction
ninety-seven, lots, ' averaging about one
acre each, " in : . what was : formerly: known
as the Clark tract, but which is now. be
ing subdivided into villa lots and will be
called"; San', Mateo " Park. The : lots ' are
nearly all within the city limits of San
Mateo and- are about' ten minutes" walk
from ' the depot. . They front on ' the west
side of the . county road between Bur
llngame' and El Cerrito . Park. . The; park
will be penetrated by Vavenues' that wind'
gracefully through it, "varying In: width
from CO to. 75 ; feet, and along these' shade
trees are being \; Every: lot will
Tli-2 Jacob Heyman Company .has sold
eighteen' lots in the Alvin tract at Elm
hurst at prices ranging from $30 to $75
per lot. The same firm - has sold several
lots in Outside Lands, blocks and several
Boulevard lots at prices ranging from $500
to $800. . . ' '' •; ' .•: ¦¦'.' ••'
Wright & Ewell have sold : the James R.
Garnlss residence; 1 / on the. north- line of
Pine street, between ;j Leavenworth .' and
Hyde, to Douglas. S.VyVatson;; for. $20,000.
The lot is 75:6xl37:6.HHenry ;Kahn';has
bought the adjoining. property, .77:6x137:6,
2or 523,000. A .flye-stdry.-j. brick apartment
house will be erected 'on these' 1 properties
by the owners. . "Wright & Ewell also re
port the sale of 85x120' feet on the 'north
line of Jackson street/ between < Cherry
and First avenue, for the N. K. Masten
estate to Henry Rosehfe,ld for $G000. '
of eighteen rooms in the rear, the income
being $2400 per annum. The purchaser is
Charles W. Sutro. Poehlman has also
sold three large modern flats on the north
line of O'Farreli' street, west from Jones,
with lot £Cxl37:6, to M. Meyerfleld Jr., for
$21,200. -- ; : ;-^ ' : .:,. trr.
McAfee Brothers hare sold to A. L.
Whitney for W. P. A. Brewer 250 acres of
marsh lands in San Mateo County. This
was brought about by the settlement of
the litigation over reclamation proceed
ings that were proposed upon a tract of
marsh land bought by Brewer- from Pond
& Whitney, the size of the tract being
1200 acres, which adjoined a similar tract
owned by Alvinza Hayward. Between
SOOO and 4000 acres of San Mateo County
marsh will now be utilized. Brewer &
Tompkins will plant grain and Whitney
will use the part belonging to him as a
Two modern fiats on the east line of Leaven
worth street, 60 feet north of Pine. 26 by SO
feet, cold by Louise Smith to W. H. Payne;
•Western Addition residence on the north, line
of Bush street, 50 feet •neet of Lyon. 25 by 75
gold by San Francisco Lumber Company to
Paul Lindacher, $3500; northeast corner of
Fulton street and Parker r-venue. 128:10^4 by
109:8 feet, eold by Mrs. W. English to Paul
Jahenke et at., $5000; 4 flats on the west line
of Juniper street, 250 south of Harrison, 25 by
85 feet, eold by O. J. Redmond to Rose Free
man, $3750: lot on the north line of t> street
27:6 feet west of Fourteenth avenue. 25 by 100,
eold by Mrs. Mary Mayborn et. al. to John
McLaren. $1100.
Lot on west line of Baker street, between
Grove and Fulton, 25x125. $3550; lot 68:9x273
on northeast corner of Brannan and Eighth
¦treet*. (15.000; lot and improvements on north
line of Bush street, between Dupont and Stock
ton, 20x137:6. $12,000; lot 120x240 on northeast
corner of C street and Twenty-ninth avenue.
$1400; lot and old improvements on northeast
corner of Guerrero and Twentieth streets. 57x
75, $6000; lot and improvements on north side
of Vallejo etreet. between Stockton and Pow
ell. 48:9x137:6. $10,250; lot and improvements
on north line of Howard street, between First
end Second, 60xS5, . $16,000; lot and residence
on east line of Steiner street, between McAllis
ter and Fulton, 2Sx95. $7650.
Sales are reported by Easton, Eldrldge
& Co. es follows:
The following sales are reported by
Madison & Burke:
Brokers Make Reports.
The came brokers have leased to the
John Breuner Company the building to
be erected on the south line of Eddy
etreet, 127:6 feet east from Gough street,
by I. Schwartz, for the total rental for
five years of 512,000; also the building that
Napoleon Vaselltos is erecting on the
north line of Eddy street, 137:6 feet east
from Hyde, to John Breuner for five years
for 527,000; also the Laveaga property, on
the northwest corner of Market, Fell and
Polk streets, to Frederick I*. Skaggs for
five years for 541,610.
The same brokers have sold for
Mrs. A. T. Tubbs lot on northwesterly
corner of Jackson street and Central ave
nue, 87:814 feet on Central avenu© and 90
feet on Jackson street, for 515,000, and for
Drury Melone the west half of block 102
of the Potrero, being- San Bruno avenue
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth
etreets, for 512.500.
The following Bales are " reported by
6 peck & Co.:
ICo. 130 Geary street lot 22:11x40, with 2
etory brick building, seller Samuel P. Klmber,
came of purchaser withheld for tbe present,
$46,000; lot 60x137:6 feet and improvements on
the south line of O'Farrell 6treet. from Wil
liam Matthews to John Breuner «nH Robert
Behlow, Landy C Babin representing the seller
and Speck & Co. the purchasers. $20,000; lot
60x127:8% with improvements on north line
of Clay street, 103 feet east of Van Ness ave
nue, from Elizabeth McGuffick to John Breu
ner, $21,000; lot 60x87:6 feet and improvements
on the south line of Post street, £7:6 feet east
irom Larkin. from Wolf and Natalie Jacobs to
Robert Behlow $16,000; lot 20x120 feet and Im
provements, 164:7 feet east . of Gough street,
irom Marg&rete Coyne to John Breuner. $0000;
lot 25:5^x120 feet and improvements on south
line of Geary street, 184:7 east from Gough,
from Nathan Diamond to John Brminer, $11,.
000; lot 25x120 feet and improvements on south
west corner of Eddy and Buchanan streets,
from Daniel Horgan.to John M MT|T iiT. $15,000;
lot 52:10x137:6 feet and cottage. 724 Bay street,
near Hyde, from Jacob Enyder to A. ijlm.
$3500; lot 25xS5 feet and Improvements, 670
672 Sixth street, near Br&nnan, from Frederick
Mowry to Mary R. Egan, $3000.
For the Hobart Estate Company, lot on
northeast corner of Valencia street and Clarion
alley, 60x100 leet. for $11500; for Max Uross, lot
and improvements on the easterly line of Fifth
street, Go feet south of Shipley, -5x100 feet,
$40(X>; for account of E. Toussin, lot and im
provements on the easterly line of Zoe street,
157 leet south of Bryant. 40x75 feet, $5750; for
Hobart Kstate Company, lot and building* on
the east line of Mission street. 35 feet south of
Fifteenth. 25x80 feet, $6000; for Mrs. A. A.
Pitman, lot pn the west line of Diamond ¦treet,
north of Twenty-third. iuxll6:U teet, $650; for
Mrs. A. A. Pitman, on the west line of Dia
mond street, 210 feet north of Twenty-third,
6'jxll5:a feet, for $650; for estate of Francis L.
Wilson, deceased, lot south line of Post street,
£7 feet west of Fillmore. 27x75 feet, $2000; for
Mrs. K. M. Wilson, lot and building of three
Hats on the southeasterly corner of Steiner and
Jaacramecto streets, 2tt:tixSl:3 feet. $15,400; for
I*. Zech Jr., lot on west line of Gough street,
107 feet south of CFarrell. 39x90 feet, $1SOO;
for Hobart estate Company, lot on southwest
corner of Fourteenth and Guerrero streets, 90x
131:9 feet, $U200; for James Corbin, lot south
line of Vallejo street, 137 :« feet east of Fill
more. 57 :(3xl37 :6 feet. $5750; for California Bafe
Deposit and Trust Company, lot south line of
Washington street, 176:3 feet east of -Locust,
30x127 :&Vi feet, $3000; for estate of Ludwig
Altschul, lot on the northeast corner of Post
and Broderick streets. 206:3 feet on Post by
1(2:6 feet on Broderick. $22,500; for Henry Van
Bergen, lot north line or Broadway, 58:6 feet
east of Brofierick street. 50x137:6 feet. $16,250.
The purchaser intends to erect a $20,000 house
on the property.
Lot 33x82:6 feet, on the north line of Post
street. ~ leet east from Mason, on which Is an
eld building, for Js-aes Whitney to Reuben
Lloyd, $33,000; Tlvoli Theater property for
Mrs. Louis GreenewaJd and O. H. Greenewald
to Mrs. KrnetUne Krellns, $160,000; lot 65xtit>:»,
on tne east line ol Mason street, 100 leet soutn
Irom Kills, and running through to Glasgow,
for G ra.ee Peeler to N. II. Hickman, $77,000;
northeast corner of Geary street and Grant ave
nue, the old Maison Kiche property, for the
Davis Bros., to William J. Dingee, for some
thing less than $320,000.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have made
recent sales as follows:
Among the larger sales of the week are
the following, that are reported by Bovee,
Toy <fc Sonntag:
The total value of real estate -sold in
this city curing March was, according f
Magee's Real i_£ta.u; CircuiaX, ?u.uo-.j.u*. xu
the preceding Marcn the total sale* were
$_,237,t>68. The sales in March, 1202, num
bered 500, as against 260 in March,. laOl.
The record for last month easily places
It in the first rank. The present month
opens splendidly in the matter of large
sales, and has the promise of becoming
a record breaker.
Seme Very Large Deals Are
Made During First Few
Days of Month.
April Promises to Break
All Previous Sale
Records.
REALTY MARKET
OPENS STRONG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL 6, 1902;
21
; A wal£ through bur estabiisliment
will, always shQ^what^is^ew, and
' smart in carriages. , Call an&see our
: latest typesia^^-^r '-..' 'v "vu;/ ;;
HOSTETTElfe
M CELEBRATED *W
fc^ STOMACH
No Appetite, Fee! Tired,
Can't Sleep, Nervous. In
other words Spring Fever.
Take a few doses of the. Bitters.
It will stir up the stomach and
liver and make you feel better.
Order from- the nearest dealer^. or write
to Sher/wopd t & " Sherwood, - distributors;
San Francisco,- Los Angeles, Portland,~Se-
Ho-w to Get Evans' Ale.
THE EMPORIUM. ;r | THE EMPORIUM. :: 'VlS V -THE 'EMPORIUM. £-'' : '' ; :-fo5'^ '-'^^ HE _-' E!M -? ()]B ?? M - -^^-.^
* Read what the : "TalKing-Sign" savs. *' -''Something; new ¦[¦'.'.'. ~ -r. j "<- ¦ '- "- v - ' • £ r I" "|-jt^Cm^
% . every night. A 'marvelous 'mechanical 'electrical novelty. £7^^ • • a^ ree co ty ' °t l™ r^ r & e^ aia !og^} of styles just out. ¦. ~ T) ,|
I Extra Maine Corn ° \ '. m ' uu . , o -^ ¦ -^ y^ Blouse Waists 5Oc. |
* $1.00 Dczan. A Big T^ibbon . Sale \ " CALIFORNIA ' S A Big Ribbon Sale Boys . Mann;sh : ?
;| o n Monday only we" offer 600 Commences Tuesday, j '^S8^^^ aa-^AMERiiA's grandest jstore; Commences Tuesday. e for w a a^ ;5
*f dozen best quality Maine Corn,' that ®~~~~ ., - ! ~ ~ O. ,- ; . - . ;>¦ . V "^ ® " ' : • ¦ ¦ • ...-. - -. ~~ "®. to 14 year*,- : M? "i"
Ik" A^3^ tells regularly 2 — — ; '. ! — i • '' ' ' " ' ¦ '• '¦ '" : '"-" : ; /' "•""- " '.' ~" tomething entire-. »; ; . Tn fr* ; jf
- > Jir&i&'S&l t'ns for 2 CC t W§^^3^^^^^^^^^ ' '¦' -...--: 'y new in waists
I ¦^^^ L _'- 5 _«" td 4« \ Astonishing, UBiamaitGhzsZsSe Two-Day OffeHmg. | \
% -SS CMS(|» Choice of an^$t MO, $1.25 and $1.50 O(k>^ |S|ijii^ ; I
| lliSS OUM ®®w®H¥ F®ssis*rtiin this Store ¦ ; . Ol/ 1 'ho, I
J ' . the lean breakftst Anpther|pj^Uc}^nS^^ $1.00. -"TV ",;..; -|
t PelfSii_S2q«Ht-i instead 'of' 5 c a i? fabrics and^newest styles (our /regular stock);; right at the beginning of the^season I right at' the. time when these ' ¦':.'.'." "'''* J
*: Moada-, 7 «» - ....... • 25o . beautiful, silks are in the greatest demand; right when you would' expect to pay the top-notch prices for them. Special Sale of \
$ B< o^- fe^£ty-«tM^S.y"b! I ?_SBto .. We offer you for Monday and Tuesday :^^ richest and 'most 'exclusive '24-inch Novelty Madras. %
tr oysters-Extras, i-ib tins, 3 for . . . 30c French Noveltv Fou ards that were brought to the Coast this • season; our regular $1.00, $1.2$ gfflk ff%k 40 pieces of Madras— Colored b"h- \
K BMuiJd-E^^ e i«f; 3-1'k dnij 'i^S and Si.^ogrades, (and very reasonable were these prices), at trie amazingly low price g^*fyB0^ daintiest printings you can imagine," g
J» day • • 38c per yard . *&& new green, blue, pink, linen, laven- £
K "Ib** 1 *!*. . .'. . ....'. .25c These are the strictly high grade Liberty Foulards in the new shades of gray, mode, gobelin, rose, national, reseda, brown and heliotrope. There arc several ] " . t ' i
V • : thousand yards in tht collection, fully enough it would se:m' to last until closing time Tuesday^ night, but we would strongly advise an early visit to the make we place these 40 pieces only X
Jf ': LadWS Wash nSCKWear. 8torc if you wish to buy a Foulard dress at a price which would make the manufacturers stare. * , • on special sale Monday at, '*% *
£ - The new washable . « . . . . j . . &Q . «
*P Neckwear for Spring in ~~~- ~ ~~ ~~~~ : . ... . : ~ ~ ~* New Tissue Weave Zephyrs — Sheer at Erie- %
»• mm<m^0 mst: Millinery Buckles 1-3 Off. Ladies' Mnaei^ear^Hdsiery.^^^^-^^^^ % '
* Ascots, Croats and Stocks, tit] -it- f:-i • ,, «, , .-» 1 - i • - ........ 0 . *T- '-..:.' Whits Dotted Swbs — In neat and medium •*
* made of Madras Cloth in W % § ' e Offer Monday Only, the entire Sample line Of a Our bu^ cr for thls department' has just returned from his European ,trip, ; , ««d dots, a fine doth, and tp«ialJy priced J
¦8 white and all colors; first \f|I ' New York Importer Of Millinery Buckles; an /assortment and ™ny of his selections^ Spring and^Summrrare shown for the first time S^ggg^ %
tt , . .. HI I which includes everything new, stylish and desirable, in gold, oxyd'zed, ' cut th «' week - Buying direct (from the makers in Germany, we save the profits of wmniisuonaires . 6g j nch^ w ; def 0 _. y d 2 Qq *
g showing ot the new line; - steel, enamel and gold and silver Buckles with Rhinestone settings, at o»e- and J obberi ' 8ellin B d!rcct to onr.patrom at but a slight advance upon the actual cost of manu- Colored Organdies— In a complete : iine of g
V Clch5Oc,75C . third Off marked Prices. The prices at which we have marked faCtUrc - T° U W " * S °" Cent ° r $1 '°° earmeat^^ h " e to bc mUCh difiireat T«%fromgar- «,lid colors, for evening wear, etc., 31 bche* Jf
K ~ r Z7~ f.f ' them range from 25c 10^2:50 each, and are probably about half what the ex- ?$^$&^>°^^ - .: - > T^tiJlllL\ni 6>v\ri iumnt^iSliZ S
» The Most Fashionable elusive millin:rs woaM ask for the same class i of Bucklcs. / -"It is from "these low Ladies' Knit Underwear* Ladles' and Misses' Hose* cased, f or rammer curing luit* and \Mttti, J
K BlaCk FabHCS. prices that we make the above reduction Monday. SlSl^ff-lcll-Ladics* F^^^t^ 1 ?^^ i^7^^'^^^ yvi'. ........... .12Xo S
$ Our conection of Black Dress Material, this ] —. ~ ~ ' ~ T -. RibbeT Eg>pda n - Cotton Vests, low "neck,' J^k, fine gauge Maco Cotton He, e, .phced Sheer Grass Itaenj- Pure flax, 30 bche, J
* T i, ,th« best that we have yet shown, and FUrnltUM^G SSStBGS^SS « .Icc^css, durably finked arouad^ncck and ' j,..^. -de, now ,0 yard ...... 2 5O j
ff undoubtedly has no superior on the coast. The j m 9*M MBBtltS*Btl C7 , %S>gJfHj!r*L0BtgSB9 armhole, drawn with suk tape, all sires, j O rf B'ack 2 Thread Maeo Cotton Hose - /
£• good, are inarked, at "Emporium prices," and . -J-fa-- EAf^^ fr 7 . ; color white. - - ' " fc j ced he doubJe iUfsm^^ M«. M £r.M« MMM £
» ,t« safe to say Jat those febne. for which we S iSiS WWGGKm ¦", . . - ,,_ .-^ R]chel]en style, solid black, unbleached sole or entire Mdi'S NCCKWCar $
J ask^i.50 and $1.75 cannot be found elsewhere « - MW.4OO taCii—l'itci- Kicnelieu ana J » » . mm 0% mf r : '*%~' M
$ under $a.oo and $i.z S . Perhaps the two ... ,^- A . Combination Book Case and Desk— Mahogany finished, ' §*!" P'" d j u P eri . 0^^^ . K UG Values, 25C. j»
S Sy^T^J-S^t jA^A|. ; :wU4, 9 .iKta. heigh, ¦• 7 o-.h M to,.wd. i U. M :-d |S^^f&Mg- W^MMB^vMB fcTJ-T JSS" I
% , - , v • (f^^tte^P^-P i_ . „ , ¦•» , 1 j • . " . ' ' • • ¦ - t effict?; twelve different designs to choose from. wr^O&S^. nne ul "Cy ?«ecJc- »
SrJUrZZLl tT , h M^ndvrrv sSSl I W made; Monday and daring the week at A f SOc _ LM Imported S wi ss Ribbed A t 25c P^>-Lades Imported fine Yd§§ggfe wear > *«» one of \x
V S wTfiTnih , 2 L nS?« H 1 **! fe^ the very special price &%3 JQ Li?e Tlrrad Vests, high neck, long or short Maco Cotton Hose, fancy Roman stripes, tx- Jk^^^ ? e best Sc » f *™- *
A stylA 46 mchesw.de 3 q^-«.. j teJl -^^g \ * * > ' & K * . f O s !e=v«, and low neck, no /leves; colors tracted figures and polka dots and embroidered £Tj facturers i n the .{
** ... '. j V ' -.V x. ' j ,• ' v>*r u " fflS^^^a -. .. . _. , ,v , „..'.-.. .. white ecru pink, sky and black. insteps, in the latest co!or combinations. fcSSfl country.allncwnobby >-
V Vlolede Gaze-Very sheer and dingy, 43-mch, H||^^^ Table lor Parlor Or BedrOODl— 1 8 inches square, golden * nite ' eaU ' P ' nK ' ' K/ i|# 44 O Pa/r-Ladirs' Imported Hermi- CT^^^Sk up-to-date patterns J
V »2?5JJ°« • • • Sf^l^^^ oak or mahogany finished; special this week. %7C *?•??? *^f liJ^h S dorf B!ack Li " Lisle Hose ' h * h s?li « d ? d Teckl ' %
V cmlii 1 Vf'i'-rr' iVki gi-—— |^a^^ 6 y * <BMl~ L-.de Thread Equestrian Suits high neck, heel, double so!e, the very latest designs of SBSt BgalSl Four-in-hands and *
j. Silk Striped Viole dt Gezt— A h)gh class *m> E£^$£& - ]on S sle - ves ' buttoned down in front or hce ' work in an end'ess variety UT/ Imperial,, were "2
7£ French production, new and very dressy, \ | B^^^p Iron Bed — White enamel, with best malcable joints, across the chest, color white. Af C Pair— Children's ' Importsd ' secured by our New Jf
$ three grades aU 4^ inches w^e f^^^^^R hcav 7 brass tubing over top and full-curved foot, in At 50o Pnr 'tfflJ.-Ladie,' jersey Hermsdorf Black, real Maco Cot- York J^nutive, at a price which enable, j
J, . . .- $1.25, §1.75 S4.UU l| _jmgmi ' . ° . V ' R'bbed Lisle Thread Union Suits, low neck,. ton, double knee, heel and sole (the value at « to say Monday and dunng week ;^-
At iliiiifiililP double, y± or Single Sizes; reduced from $8.50 to no sleeves knee length, colors ecru, white,' the price in ths country), also Li assorted instead of S oc each • ••.... jtSOG jf
$ ] A *Big Ttihhon Sale | P'^^^ ..............:.......,.... $6.25 .^^" dH^.- ,,::.;: ; j^^^ 5^? : ' r\ ,',-Z, '^^ i I
$ Commences Tuesday. Parlor Table— Like picture, elegantly finished in . ,« _. '^ » o > " : ' ; ValUCS. J
| l Q — O mahogany, with hand-po'ished top, rope .^^^^^^K •'• CarfiCt Btttl RlB® SalC. The _R obons for Sprn o - and Summer. Rib- V
* ° a- , ' , . , r r , , ,. r , r >iaECTp»w>S--=g«raBiEg-gge» r . , . " , ., , . , , . . cons suiuble for the new summer costumes, for •»
%' m effect legs and eagle claw feet holding three- U^Sa^PsSff These very special prices for Monday and during the we;k arc on a large m- TO ii]; neryt f or n,.^ bovv^ and hair bow} _ ' The jt
Jj TCtiFitS Outfits. inch glass balls; regularly I o.oo, this week IS w -~ ' § 'A voice of new carpets which have* jusf come into the store— 130 pieces of the most complete assortment in San Francisco.
} The Practice Tenni, Rac- -----^ • • • ••.'••• $7.25 jS W ¥ 3 latest productions of someofthe most famous carpet mils in the country. $ji J^'^. 0 '^ f 00 * 1 bar - ain » for Monday and 5
If Th^Favorit'e RacqJet, ap^ /ffiWfW\\ hanging Wall PocKct — With 1 ixi 4-inch water- )f Smith Axminstcrs— High pile and durable, with borders to match; Q< « 2000 yards of Imported Novc"ty Weave fancy -^
JC proved model. . $1*OO |Mjijljjjll| color picture,, golden oak: frame; "special ;. flfaiug^^^^^^p Wvj this week, per yard . . . . . .',¦,:-',:.¦: . '. ¦ ;.--•.• -'."' .' ....•;....-.. . S3C n « k and millinery ribbons, 1% to 6 inches
J The Geneva Racquet, new |±S^S^ this week. . . S2C S -^&^^ % Sanlord Tapsstry Carpet— Extra qua'ity, closely woven, very large as- .. wide, stripes, Persian and French designt, jf
J .A.pe t^il3Hfj Couch With. Clipper Ed^C- Covered in } Turk, ' ' | - '-«-«<>f patternsand color effecti; special price thY week, yard.. 73G ,£ J JLt Nov^' BUcTand WhS
K The Greenwood Racquet ish effect velours, very comfortable; reduced ©-ess-- /^ TapesTry Brussels— Heavy durable wcavs in two-toned red and. green Ribbon,, in fancy de^ns and stripes now w J
J Improved shape S2.OO M¥@M from $ lo -° 6 to - ........... £6. 75 effects; special price thb week per yard ..-..^ ........... i O#G sty^h, pef yard ....... BOo Jf ¦
rf The Lakeside, designed for Wmi&P '»• W.0*9 ¦ ¦ , Extra Linoleum — Made of pulverized cork, m on: cf the best mdls in ___, 14 d'f"ent weaves m sohd color Liberty Satin, »J
K efrectivUork...^-2.5O V §£% "± ~ ~ 7~ ~ " this country, p:r square-yard .". '.:. . : :. ".V. ' f,.' :V. . r-.i'. .... V . .\ 45G &tin and Taffeta, Gep e d. CMne and Brilliant
I - The S cumJuni^°SS v M r Betiding Specials. Laundry Baas 27c. ah-wo 0 i Smyrna' .^^^.K^^f^i 7^ S
| Tieaoc^.^S'SS jr- , 3 Th^ the full si.e, well JoTth 40c, in blue, 30x60 inches, special this week only, each f v,.- V^ -
V The Tournament, modeled f; ; r r &$2m98 bag having the word "laundry" artistically ; - " . '. ••¦ •' - : "^
J after the design of a prom- ffl .¦ fin^ Com'WteM-lweir cove«d, saniury FOStSr SflOBS $2.38 $3 *5O BOOffS §3.08, DrOSS iL//7/rt««? 2
*. ineat player. . $5. GO ¦' wh : te £•«__ u lni tu f t . d lar ' • , which will be off:red for special . s ¦ . *" C?»» C.IH/f7^f . ,%
5 The Spaldin* Al, hand-made throughout -# Ico w u j , -/L,, , B •' sale Monday only; at .'., . . SS7C ¦ '.¦ ' Foster and Co. *s Shoes are , Five of the new copyrighted works of fiction 1 500 yards Black Skirting Lining or Skirtinn. 5
V .... 7 . . .... .$6.00 *V h 5 ' (Monda y onlv > «/_fS ,„.-'•-: • . /TV $5.oo or more always. We by famous authors are offered for Monday only in two patterns of brocatel, a g^dquaii^^f--S
K The Spalding Cene, hand-made, strurg with Hi tf h.C!_« Bleached Sheets— Good material Y . .___ — ~"~ — ! Q '/ V \. « i!1 havc abouC I 5 3 P lirs ofr at *''° 8 - T . ' ,,, „ doth 33 inches wide, worth 15c a j-_ Sl\
J finest" gut, pifect balance $ 7 .OO ™£ ?» de^ ,%£ to use' ' LiSUaBi RUSSClL , /yV A ; this famous make, last seal's -^l^^-^S^Vf^n. ' yard, Monday only .';...! . fOC *
5 Tenrli Nets-Single Court, 27x3 feet . 7So L Zl'lhlli^h 9*T<. «*» _f»J*.«-.-l %l V'S stock, , of which we have not "Blennerhassett" -Latest book by Pidgm. . .¦ ¦ ¦ S
5 Double Court, 36x3 feet. . . $t.25 l\ £ch 'fo r T« auaSb-d, Jac'h k'f./« OGUigaPS, W. .all sizes in al styles, and to ««Marietta"-Latest ly F. Marion Crawford. , ¦. .,..¦..,,.¦.,¦ $
$ w.~l«H~*r**-T~*H. t <uto. ,^.fl^W ' 5O _ 50forSl:2 5 . ;:,,-. -^ ToiletArticleS. '
\ c 1 * « O . V covenng, each. ... . . 9fi9& " ' ' • • ~° \§J hand^welted rxtensioa soes; Calder's Drntine-the a S c nze . . . . #5c /^M^K , to IO years of a J 5
J SpCCia! Safe Of ¦ : .. _ •: Li a Sin t* Snt»f£aia [ \f# seme have LcusXVheels and Scheffield Dentifrxe-the -o|c-« S -. -. 15© /l^^ilf \ J'j » S J' «
5 Bath ROOtn and Onn-Oun-lo** tiff nn ¦ r, L ' aUOr *PeClaiS. \i/ £orns in fact a nice California Lemon Cream_* S c sze, . . 2 J<J / )\jjL g'A S 0 . 0 *" 6 «?»& j
5 O3W ™™ a ™ Une-QUarter Uff On Claret-Our popular table wine, you can't assortment of style, and almost every size. If Medicated Cotton - 5 cc package . . . 4 Oc (^ fffev SUUS ' trimmed with 6 £
I? LaVatOry trimmings. Extra Fine Real touch the quality at twice the money, on we can fit you, a great ; bar- ' ' -_. Italian Castile Soap— z-lb bar .Vav., , ( 20o . /XAuJf^r •'¦ rows of;'either white or S
ft fC-_-5| , I s*fg» Monday special per gallon. . ... 3Qc gain Monday at . ... . §2m38 Yiolette Toilet Ammonia— iS'ozbotfe.^SO vST^f^ :' b'ack SOUtache braid £
{ , " 1 v'-.^®"® Kentucky Belle Whiskey— Full quart bottles, ' Dr. Lambert's Skin Soap-box. >.,.'. 4 J C ' Al A! "' • ' il ¦'•> '4 v- 1 *
*f /^^3 We have a'50 pairs of very fine Brussels, Irish Monday. . .... .... . . . SS^ ~ : ~ 4°" Toilet Waters— 75c iixe/:'^ .1 .- .500 ' V\ A I / " V Cin ™' Oldered fields, ,J
V Jl &&i3£) Point and Battenberg Lace Curtains, that seil P<""ier — Best domestic, extra brew, Mondiy, mmm f^ D"4v>hcm *Q Listerine — 16 oz bottles . ......... 65O JKjh {SB Very handsomely got "J
?. <-5* l 5 * 2^^ regularly from to S20.00 per pair, odd dozen. . .".•.:/'.. $1.OS ¦*** »"" #^J«£7fICJ* 3£pOm The l'Eclatante Face Powder— worth 50: tor M TO .up garments and a .**
jf ,-:/;' lots of which we havi not more that 6 pairs of A - V -H- G'n— Imported, full size. ;^/.5j Thh frosted. Glass- —^' ' , •'• • ¦¦¦• ¦ ¦ f[ WV bareain- at the price «
Jf ' •¦. Towel Bar — Nickel plated, 18 inches wide, a kind, and a few pain that have been used for txtra Brandy— Asti Grape, Monday, per W a tc r 'Pitcher '^^r^^V^* ~~~ '.¦ ¦ - v * " -S Fa •' Rl *¦ . - - * ' "2
JT screws to match, regularly 50c, special display and are sightly -soiled, all. of which are n ........: ¦ ... $2.50 r . " ? KVl/VVaKO-T Printed DraOSrV 29Cm i'/S^'CT ¦ S2&5 ' *
J Monday . . . . ; 27o offered for Monday at exactly one-quarter eff C. &.C. Ginger Alt-Dozen . . .. . $f m50 fancy. raised design, IJ For Monday enly 876 yard, ' double- width V :: :^_1______^*/ 5
jf^T Soap Dish— Nickel plated, fitted with peifor- iht regular prices. For example: ~ — TT- — 7~ . considered" an ID :, Printed Drapeiy, in Oriental and Tapanese ?-"• :; -'^' ¦¦-*¦••¦ . -•- C
Jf ated drainers, regularly 50c, special Monday P^o Brussels, Irish Point and Battenberg O .'_..•¦¦ , ,— — O ccllent valueat 3 5 c, |»(\g^// designs, open-work pattern throughout, $f.OO AtomiZQrS 53o. §
J Tumble; flolder-Nickd' P iaid,-fi-tt5 7 S I^Se^e^tains'fbr' .' .' S^SS , Big T^Mon Sate , i s rnarked^ .-for spe- ; «»^ - } — 1 ??! "it 1 *i >I » fcm - rf " e * *
$ brackets screw, to will, regularly joe, f^.oo Fine Lace Curuins for .'. th'.OO ...CommtiCesTuesdayr] Mon^ • • WW "g^U ed ** S
J special Monday,. ..... 2 ?O *: / Etc., Etc., Etc. . 6 .,-, / j WC >• ..pecialy priced . .'. '£ . . .' 2S© LlyT atdTe very . peckl^ce S 53C %WILLARD TELLS HOW
"THE CARDINAL" WAS
W R ITTEN BY PAR KE R
By Cuisard.
"Well," said the man on the opposite
eide ; of the, street car ' to ».»* passenger
who had beeen staring at him in an ab
seut-minded way, "do . you .* think you'll
know me the next time you; see; me?"
. j '.'Why, yes,". J replied the - other, - recov
ering himself. ."A man \ can't easily:for
get; a face Hko yours. .-? Why ¦ don;t ; you
hsive'it changed?'.'— Washington Stan
"Then he must" have been drinking."—'
Baltimore 'American.
•I cant think," said the girl with the
Julia Marlowe dimple, "what made Algy
act so strangely last night." :
"Did he propose to you at any time
during the evening V asked the girl with
the' Maude Adams nose.
"Yes." *
Mrs. Jones— Drawing-room smeils of to-
Jones (who has come with his wife to
call on the new neighbors)— Wonder if
theyve been married long. Hypatia?
Mrs. Jonee-Oh, no. • Evidently newly
married. \
Jones— How can you tell?
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
PERHAPS there- was no legitimate
basis of hope that Richard Strauss,
with his "Enoch Arden." melodrama
j for voice and pianoforte, should suc-
•. .ceed where Schumann and other
great j men have notably, failed. - But one
never knows. There are always the Mar
conls of music to look out for, who reap
in strange fields, and -set ever wider the
boundary lines of the possible in art. But
Strauss has torn down no fences with
"Enoch Arden," the dictum is still "Thou
shalt not" so far as the melodrama' is
concerned, and the bastardy of the form
becomes even more apparent in spite, or
perhaps because, of the distinguished ge
nius of the composer, and the admirable
interpretative equipment of Mr*. Max
Heinrich and his daughter Julia, to whom
we owe our. introduction to the work. But
it is neither fish, flesh nor fowl., nor yet
good red herring, though the composition
still remains of strong interest from the
empiric standpoint.
Strauss has taken the Tennyson poem
in its entirety, some nine hundred lines. I
believe, and has set about a quarter of it
to music, with illustrative interludes. The
accompaniment is given to the pianoforte,
and the poem throughout is declaimed.
It was originally written for Ernst von
Possart, the celebrated German actor,
and Introduced a year ago in America by
David Bispham. .
Von Possart's interpretation seems to
h»ve lent considerable weight to the work,
as Mr. Heinrlch's rendering of the other
evening persuaded to, momentary accept
ances of the form here, though it Is true
that the melodramatic form has always
'possessed a peculiar appeal for the Ger
man intellect. Strauss sins in very cood
company. . Schumann himself counts no
fewer than three melodramas, not reckon
ing in the "Manfred," viz., two Hebbel
ballads, "Schon Hedwlg," and "Ballads
vom Haideknabe"; and a Shelley lyric,
"Die Fluchtlinge." There are also several
j famous declamatory scenes in operatic lit—
; erature, as the dungeon scene in "Fide
| Ho," the "Egmont" dream scene; the in
\ cantation - scene frorh"'*Der Freischutz":
some passages . from "A Midsummer
Night's Dream," besides many others of
minor moment. , In fact the melodrama is
a problem that seems to have presented a
perennial attraction since its inception In
1774, by Georg Benda, and Strauss is but
the latest victim of its fascination. ;
Nor have the small fry escaped the con
tagion; from the ungodly recltress ; who
yav/ps a "Poem of Passion" to the satanic
Idiocy ' of an \ accompaniment of Lange's
"Flower Song," soft-pedaled Into lunacy
and its limp illiteracy otherwise glitter
lngly mangled, to the leading man who
Insists on orchestral chills and fever
while he whispers his tale of woe into the
ear of his female accomplice. : It Is a far
cry from > Strauss and ; Schumann to * the
aforesaid petty criminals, a planetary dis
tance'between their sins, but the principle
underlying.! their , performances , Is ,the
same,: the attempt .to weld Into one two
arts complete In themselves and mutually
antagonistic. | v
That < there are degrees of disaster per
taining to the attempt is of course evi
dent," and it is undeniable that Strausa has
his magnificent "moments In; "Enoch Ar
den,"" when one is almost persuaded that
a missing link: between music and the
drama has' .been discovered. But It Is
found that these moments occur chiefly
during the interludes; or when, with the
reader.: declamation becomes recitative,
when the peculiar viciou3ness of melo
drama, the lack of agreement in pitch
between the . spoken .word and the ac
companiment, ' Is lost sight of; or again
during ;a temporary sophistication of the
ear by the spell of the ; reader, - when the
accompaniment Is momentarily unnoticed.
But' the piano invariably, came as an im
pertinence after;: its sometime . silence. . so
also the,"readlng. after the roasiml inter
ludes, and Strauss, aided , by Max and
Miss Julia' Helrirlch, :; cannot succeed in
creating illusion, It is because there is no
illusion to '. create.
." Mr.' Heinrlch's reading of the poem the
other evening at Sherinah *i_Ciuy riail,
barring a certain cloudiness of 'diction due
•»» Vtia notlnnalitv. vu a. mndal of '.»W
"The festival is^ ;-to '.fill the entire; week, andeach day will present some special feature of
attraction -toi 1 .visitors. A large variety of rural andVof urban entertainments have been arranged.
There are.tobeVexcursions through the valley and !to.the' mountains, picnics, banquets" arid: coii-'
certs. In short .'the hospitality of the county; is tobe in full bloom as wellas the'brchafds and the
rose gardens. ;It;is; foreseen .; that. the number of visitors will beUarge/but the. welcome will, be
ample for all. The festival indeed .will merit; a large patronage. It is iurely worth while - for •every '~i
one .to see the greatest flower-show the world -affords. . - * ,
There is perhaps no exaggeration in saying , the vfete will be the^ greatest flower; show on
earth. Even were ¦ no special efforts made - in the way of floral decoration in San Jose and'the sur
rounding towns and villages, the' orchards and the gardens themselves : would in their spring blos
soming put forth- such a vast and varied display of .' flowers as cannot be seen elsewhere on the if ace
of the globe.} It is to be no narrow exhibit;: the, largest building ever constructed for expositions
would-be as a spot in the midst of this flower show, for : its extent is to be\ measured not /in square
feet but square miles; arid as far as the eye ! can see^ even when looking frorii a >heiglit/there w ill
be spread; out before the': observer an unbroken expanse of bloom and verdure, presenting every
tint and tone and;hue and dye known to the world ofcolor. r - : , : /''> :- *- :
SANTA CLARA FLOWER SHOW.
REPORTS from ' San Jose are to the effect that the recent warm weather has rapidly
advanced the blossoming of the; trees and there is -now ample assurance that. nature will
do her part in decorating. the ; valleys and the foothills for the coming flower festival~:It
appears, therefore, that every prospect promises a cotnplete success for the .week of holi
day the county is preparing for the delightof all who choose to come arid enjoy iit. ; •'.- -,V ';,
In his eagerness to realize this dream of federation he became impatient of obstacles and
rushed into warjor the purpose of sweeping them put of his way. He failed. ; There, remains of
his dream nothing more than this foundation of scholarships, for American andiGerman students
at Oxford ;, . and the memory of his words, "What an awful . thought it is tha/t if even now we
could arrange with the political members of the" United States legislative: assembly and our House,
of Commons the peace of the world would be secure for all eternity."
In the light of the will; which transfers liisyast fortune not to his own family but to an
educational scheme for promoting a sense of racial unity and good will among the peoples of the
United States, Germany and the British empire, we can understand better many things in /Rhodes'
career which, in the. past have been misconstrued. His dream was that of accomplishing- a vast -
federal unity of the Teutonic races, if possible, and/ failing that, then a unity of the ¦English-speak
ing peoples. He was for federation and not for imperial centralization. It follows therr'that his
imuch discussed donation v of$;o,ooo to the Parnell fund was not designed to obtain Irish votes
for his South African plans, butfor the purpose of advancing the establishment of a federal sys
tem of government, among the British islands asa step toward the larger federation of the empire
and eventually of the. empire; with the American republic. > • *^ ~ -
CECIL RHODES' will discloses a trait in his character 'which the world could not recog
. nize during. his'. stormy and aggressive lifetime. This domineering, grasping and: seem
ingly; practical' man was - after .'all one of the world's greatest- dreamers. Not since
Napoleon hurried to ruin in pursuit of a phantom empire of United Europe has any
largely successful, man with an easy mastery over the material things of. life been haunted and in
fluenced by so vast a dream as that which illumined but at the same time deceived the riiind of the
would-be empire-builder of South Africa.
A GREAT DREAMER
The Orient will be more than commonly
well represented on the local stage this
week with John Luther Long's charming
Japanese playlet, "Madame Butterfly,"
at the Alcazar, and a new one-act play
at the Orpheum. "The Yellow Dragon "
that Is Chinese in subject.
..d Ul i et Crosbv P'ays the name role In
Madame Butterfly," as she did last year
«? ..mii,* 0 £ e hoped that the exigencies
«-'£™. e « e Dee " at will
permit Pilar Morin, the famous "Butter
fly of New York, to take a peep at the
San Francisco .variety of lepidoptera. We
should be distinctly grateful for any
chance of seeing Morin in the part.
"The Yellow Dragon," with a sub-title
The dawn comes up like thunder outer
China, crost the bay," Is by George E
Deane, and will be done by those accom
plished vaudevIllainB. Mr. and Mrs Sid
ney Drew. The scene is laid on the
China coast, in the drawing-room of an
American gentlewoman's house Mrs
George Flood. The time is during {he late
Chinese uprising, and the playlet is said
to be a weird and truthful picture of one
of the many exciting episodes of that ex
citing period. Mr. . Drew plays -Jim
Douglas, a United States secret service
agent, and Mrs. Drew Mrs. George Flood
The. piece has characteristic staging, and
at any rate there is an opportunity, what
ever has been done with the material
"'I return home . after lunch,' I said
to him. 'Whati Won't you stay and talk
it over?' he asked in dismay/ I told him
that our only hope was that he should
shut himself up ana work it out alone.
A fourth act had to be written, and no
amount of strolling and talking could do
the work he had before him. He saw it
as I did, and I went back to my little cot
tage in England, satisfied that he wouM
work it out; which he did, and now the
pleasantest occupation I have is writing
royalty checks for Parker."
"These facts settled, Parker buried
himself in the Black Forest and set to
work getting the play out of his system.
One morning I received a telegram from
him to come and hear the first three acts.
I Joined him in forty-eight hours, and be
tween breakfast and luncheon the three
acts were read. When .he had finished' I
told him that he had got himself in a
terrible tangle, and that I had no idea
how he was going to get himself out
of it. ¦".*;
Yes ; ~ such ; a' case • was ¦ possible and had
occurred.
CLEVER ENGLISH ACTOR
WHO .WILL PLAY HERE IN
"THE CARDINAL." \ /
TO-MORROW evening at the Co
lumbia Theater E. S. Willard, the
genial English actor, will intro
duce a new play by Louis M. Par
ker, entitled "The Cardinal." A
" recent number of The Theater"— a theat
rical magazine that won't wash clothes,
but does everything else for the profes
sion"—has something to say of Mr. Wil
lard's new play, that to the play-maker
may be interesting, and is at least amus
nig to the play-goer. De Wagstaffe, who
is doing interviews fcr The Theater, had a
talk with Mr. Willard, in which the sub
ject of the everlasting new. play hunt
came up. Mr. De Wagstaffe asks "How
are good plays to be found?" Mr. Willard
replying in the following fashion:
"I can speak only from my own ex
perience. For instance, about 'The Car
" dinar that I am doing now. My friend,
Louis M. Parker (the author), was in
such a desperate state of mind before lie
wrote It to'finda subject for a play that
I think his condition preyed upon me un
til I felt .it to be a personal responsi
bility. He would . come' to | my house, de
jected, fretting, his whole creative ma
chinery in check. He wanted to write a
play; there was a dramatic composition
.iix,isfs system actitng for.-an outlet, but it
eluded him. He -could not give it shape,
form, and In short, he was getting quite
moody and ill, with the weight of an un
written play on his mind.. , , '.¦;-,-![
. "I am very fond of Parker; he's a most
companionable chap — speaks half a dozen
languages, by the way, that leads him
Into all sorts of . embarrassing transla
tions, and is a scholar and a good fellow.
After awhile I realized that if some one
did not give Parker a subject for a play
well, there's no knowing what would hap
pen to him. Then I came across an old
poem of Charles Lever, with a dramatic
story that told of a confession made to a
priest by a murderer and the subsequent
accusation of the priest's brother of the
came crime. The story turned upon the
violation of the seal of the confessional.
The next time Parker turned up I read the
poem to him. He was fascinated with
the subject and suggested that we should
transfer the story to Italy and put the
lime back to some remote century of
splendor. This we agreed upon, and he
set to work. It was really a treat to see
him getting better and cheerful again.
"The priest of Lever's poem became Gio
vanni dl Medici, a cardinal, son of Lo
renzo the Magnificent, who was Pope at
the age of 36. Of course, we had to In
quire into many tacts of the Roman
Catholic religion to substantiate the story-
"For Instance. Would a Cardinal hear
confession? We were told that he would
be compelled to if It were demanded of
him, although It was unusual. Then came
the most Important .question. Would a
priest ever break the seal of the confes
sional? Never! Such a thing had never
been known' to happen In the whole his
tory, of the Roman Catholic church.
Priests tad changed their, faith, become
Protestants, but had 'never revealed the
secrets of the confessional, i Would a
priest use outside influences to entrap a
murderer, for example. Into a confession
under the canon law of the community?
Of the Heinrlchs'.song singing it is suf
ficient to say that Max Heinrich has lost
but -little voice and none of the fine heart
and fiber of his work. He sing3 with
every thread of. him,, with a careless,
jovial Franz Hate sort of strength thac
makes his German lleder quite Irresistible.
Miss Julia's voice is all and more than
it promised to be. . A. full, round, pure
contralto of delightful timbre and per
vaded with temperament it is. and Miss
Heinrich i3 already a singer to be re
membered, though she has by no means
reached the limit of her power. She sings
with excellent taste and has moreover an
unusually attractive personality.
I liked immensely the Strauss accom
paniment and" badly wanted that dear Mr.
Heinrich to shut up — most humble apolo
gies—that I might listen to it— when 1
was not wishing the piano at Jericho
that I could harken comfortably to him.
In spite of the Man Who Knows, who,
tells me it is all "enharmonic trickery"
and "harmonic monkey shines," that
every schoolboy puts benind:Hm with his
tops and marbles, I must ownYto having
fallen* strongly under the Strauss sway.
It is bigr. bold music, eminently pictur
esque, strpngly Individual, yet with a dis
tfner "Wagrnerian flavor (where Liszt
touches Wagner, my skeptical ' friend
says).-It Is very free in form, and to me
a new., fresh. . breath \ from the world of
Harmony. - ,
reader's art. He has a vole© that holds
every note of sympathy and has an exact
and delicate dramatic appreciation that
enabled him to give every nuance of the
Tennyson story with certain charm. MI33
Heinrlch's accompaniment was ever so
well played, rythmfcally In nicest ac
cord, but not infrequently a shade, some
times several shades, too Icudly.
THE -WELL-KNOWN COMPOSER
OF THE MUSICAL MELODRAMA,
"ENOCH ARDEN."
Under the strain of his responsibilities and the burden of his work the good man, the
faithful official, breaks down. Surrounded by those who love him and who know him to have
been faithful and true, he lies upon his dying bed. His grief-stricken family cluster around him
to minister to him as his noble life passes serenely away. Into that scene, whose solemn dignity is
sanctified by the approach of death, the clerical sniveler sneaksj his way by stratagem in violation
of the. wishes \ of - those who are nearest and dearest to the dying man. . There he begins to
make a theatrical play of repentance, weeping, whining, sniveling for forgiveness.
: Such scenes produce in the minds of decent people a sense of anger and disgust, but the
sniveler does not mind what decent people feel* Over the bed of death he* pours his worthless
tears and with many sobs and groans utters his debased prayer for pardon. Biit all the sniveling
is done in private and for the benefit of the sniveler himself. He never has the manhood to con- •
fess in public that he had wronged the .dead, that he had maligned and belied his benefactor, and
that the man whom he had hounded day after day and against whom he had aroused,, every,, evil ,
passion that stirs in the vile \yas after- all ah honest- many a friend' of the people \and a
'faithful officer. - r- . ¦
One frank word uttered in public in honest acknowledgment of. wrong done to ..the dead
would be. but a slight atonement for the many thousands of vile words uttered in public by which
the wrong had been done, but not even that one word will the sniveler give as proof of a genuine
repentance. He leaves the victim's reputation to be fouled by the mobs arid by the repetition oi the
slanders he himself first uttered, whjle with a parasite's low cunning he seeks to get once more
back to the bounties of the dead man's family.
Such. are the manners and the. morals of the clerical sniveler," and by the. commission of
'". such offenses does he make himself known. , " ¦ . ; >
In this emergency the official," respecting his. public office as well as his personal char
acter, stands steadfastly for law. He-announces his resolve to maintain, order and preserve the
peace; and^by his actions fulfills his words. The vainglorious cleric, tturned demagogue and half
hysterical with excitement, joins the gang of mob orators, and, finding trfot his -patron and bene
factor will not deviate from duty, turns upon him all the loose billingsgate of his vocabulary. He
rages, he raves and he rants. He denounces the good man as a tool of greedy plutocrats, .an op
pressor of the poor, an enemy of labor, a traitor to his race, a violator of his oath of office, a
brutal, vulgar, domineering, vindictive, purse-proud combination of fool, blackguard and tyrant.
By the violence of his vituperation, with its mingled falsehoods and scriptural texts gar
bled from Holy Writ and distorted from their. true meaning, the "vindictive cleric succeeds in
arousing among the unreflecting a bitter hatred of the official who has all his life been a friend to
every deserving man and a steadfast exponent of the doctrine of malice toward none, and charity
for all.-; . ' /: ' '"C.; s "^--"' ' ; / '-,/•,' : . /.:': '• -\i
k MONG the most offensive parasites that fasten themselves upon the churcji is the
. /\ clerical sniveler. The species is well known arid hardly needs description. Its peculiar
/ \ characteristic : is that J in loose-tbngued malevolence it makes virulent " attacks upon some
T unoffending person, and then later on repents and seeks forgiveness by sniveling; pour
ing forth tears about as profusely and as basely as it poured forth lies. ':¦¦.-: ; --
- The history of one clerical sniveler differs from that of another only in minor details.; The
trend of all of them is , very much the same. Given a young cleric. of sniveling characteristics. and
it will be very easy to forecast how he^ would act under any given circumstances.
Suppose a case of this kind A young cleric of an emotional- nature/ but lacking in moral
earnestness, .with an almost hysterical- readiness to rage or to weep, as occasion prompts, goes as
a stranger to assume clerical duties in a city where he is cordially, welcomed by a; man of high
character, noble life, arid wide influence. Delighted at the recognition of such a man, and warm
ing himself in the glow of so generous and so rich a nature, the cleric attaches Himself to the
good man as to a patron, feeds at his table, solicits his counsel, begs his favors, accepts his help
and shows his gratitude in a profusion of words; arid by all the fawnings of a false and shallow
Jp the course of events the man who has opened his heart, his hand and his home to the
cleric is called from the business and the retirement of private life to serve- his city in an official
..capacity., .He renders the service faithfully and efficiently/ In the. meantime the cleric, finding his
perfervid oratory has brought. hirn much praise; develops into a demagogue and learns to, delight
in the applause of the rabble. Then arises a crisis in the affairs of the city.- The people are
divided. Discontented /men gather in crowds, the most reckless of tongue force their way to the
front and begin to excite antagonisms and to urge bolder spirits to 'lawlessness and violence.
Public peace is disturbed/ riots are. threatened, assaults become numerous arid property and life
THE CLERICAL SNIVELER
By Blanche Partington.
STRAUSS COM POSITION
IS INTERESTING FROM
EMPIRIC STANDPOINT
THE SANj FBANCISCO CALL, SUjSTDAY, APRIL Q,: 1902.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D; SPh ECKELS, Proprietor.;, ,. : ; ;^ > ¦.;{ v .. ; "/.-._ . , ; ; Address Communications, to W. S. LEAKE, Manager,
SUNDAY .....;....:..........//..::.....;.........;.:;:...;..;: ........;......... ...;;.... ...... V......APRIU 6, 1902
Publication Office .. .. : '.,.. <J^^^^^i ................. Market and Third, S. F
22
ADVEETISEttTENTS.
MORE THAN
ALLOTHERS
• We', have ' received more clanes'in the last
three day* than all our. competitors combined,
and on account of incompietion of .building all
must ba sold. Over 200 pianos to select from-
all makes. Xew uprishts, $98 up;- standard
rna!<xs, ?1CO up; payments. $3 a month up.
FEALlir HELtABLE
Bargains— All uprishts, such as one Heine.
?315; 3 Stelnways. $190; 2 Clticlr«»'ns f ?lt»,
and CO other*: 30 square srands frcn»,*l5 up.
Exactly su ah pianos as are. ottered by oiir-*
as bargains at ?183 for $118. Over 5000 Hein»
pianos in us? in S. F. All the leading musi-
cians use and indorse the
«¦ «". "Waxerooms and Hall. 205-237 Gsarr ft.
Magistrate— I am told that you have
already' been convicted fourteen times on
this, same charge. Aren't you ashamed to
have to acknowledge to that?
Prisoner— No, your worship.^ I don't
think no 1 manoughter be ashamed of *1»
conwlctlona. .
Magistrate— Two months without the
option of a fine.— Pick-Me-Up. .
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and ' public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042*.. •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c m
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Men shaved without soap, 15c. at Russ House
Antiseptic Barber Shop, 217- Montgomery. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'i.*
Stuffed prunes with, apricots. Townsend**.*
ADVXBTI5X3CENTS.
A eates ¥L
Eu For half t cent cry Cremt de m
Hb Lis has created perfect com- I]
«« plfxions. It removes ten, 11
»¦ pimples, blotchrs, sun- ||
Kl burn and all oily exuda- £11
!ft| tlons, leaving the skin soft Bl\|
Bjjlj it stimulates and fefds the «**1
|ifl skin, thus imparting the heatth- u
If i ful glow of earlier years. I?
|p Indorsed by dcrmatcloglstji. I j
lu physicians and . druggists . I |
few wherever' it Is known.. fcj
AS All Druggists, 50c. |
fjl Or direct of us, prepaid, for »
Bj &0c. Trial size, postpaid, for m
Si E. B. Harrington & Co. J
gL' ' Los : Angeles, CaL - .Farther north, toward West Bourne, an
other Indian settlement- was inundated
and two children -were drowned. The
river rose there seven feet in >» single
night because of incessant rains away up
the valley. Fifty residents of the district
•were forced to leave their farmhouses and
congregate in a schoolhouse, which was
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 5.— Two In
dian villages swept away, bridges de
etroyed and a town isolated are the day's
6tory of the worst flood that has taken
place in the Northwest in the last fifteen
years. Dispatches from Portage La
Prairie to-night say that the Sioux Indian
village there has been destroyed, 100 of
the small buildings of the Indians having
been carried away. A week ago the water
encroached so near that the natives
moved some of their belongings back to
the higher ground, and there was-for
tunately no loss of life in the wrecking
of the houses. The buildings were car
ried down the Red River and wreckage
from them was strewn along the shore
for miles. /'-- _""*,-
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Damage in "Western
Canada.
High Water Does Great
FLOOD DESTROYS
INDIAN VILLAGE
¦. VIENNA, April 5.— With a view, of giv
ing fresh- proof of the pacific tendency of
the' triple "alliance the powers interested
have decided to; publish, after: the com
pletion of 'the "new : treaty, a statement
pointing out ; the defensive character - of
the "alliance, which is, operative only- in
connection with. European questions.
Triple Alliance to ' Be Explained,
LOS ANGELES, April 5— The Santa Fe
has authorized a one and a third fare rate
for the convention and meetings:' Cali
fornia State Medical Society at San Fran
cisco. April 15 and 17; Knights Templar
and Grand Chapter of Royal : Arch Ma
sons, San Francisco, April 14 and 19; Cali
fornia and Nevada Etate Grand Array of
the - Republic Encampment \ at | Hanford,
May. 8 and 10; California State Sunday
School Convention at Pasadena, April 15
and 17; Bakersfleld . Street 1 Fair, 7 May 3
and 10; Supreme Court Independent Order
of Foresters, Los" Angeles, April 29; La
Fiesta de las Flores.'Los Angeles, May
1, 2 and 3, and the convention of the Fed
eration of Woman's ¦ Clubs, . Los Angele3,"
Mav land 8. These rates are from 'points
in California. ; '
Santa Fe's Convention Hates.
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— When the con
test for possession of public lands in the
San Jacinto forest- reserve, recently
opened, comes up for hearing it will be
warmlAfought. Eight men appeared at
the land office during the Opening and
filed upon the records for sections 14 and
24, the choice land of the reserve. These
are the defendants in the case, and they
believe that they have first and legal
right to the land claimed. Previous to
the opening a number of "sooners" en
tered upon the land and pitched their
tents. At present there are several shacks
and tenta upon each claim of the best
land, the "squatters" all claiming prece
dence over one another, as well | as over
the eight who filed at the lania offices.
San Jacinto Reservation
Lands.
Lively Contest in Prospect Over the
XTOIEEOUS "SQUATTERS"
ON EACH GOOD CLAIM
Ras Makonnen, who defeated the Italian
troops under General Baratlerl in March,
1S%, at the battle of Adowa, Abyssinia,
when some £000 to 10,000 of Baratieri's
soldiers and camp followers were reported
to have been killed, is a cousin of King
Menelik *»nd is the principal general and
confidential representative of his Majesty.
He is remarkable .in character, in
physique and in the possession of a qual
ity of courtesy which justifies his rank.
LONDON. April 5. — A great part of the
.Duke of <Grafton'8 estate % fit Auston ¦ Hall,
Stratford, thirty miles from Norwich, was dc-
Ktr<iycil .by: flre to-day.- Valuable pictures and
furniture •.•n't-ra saved. ; ' .
ADEN, Arabia, April 5.— King Menelik
of Abyssinia has appointed Ras Makon
nen, the famous Abyssinian general, to
attend King Edward's coronation.
King Itenelik . of Abyssinia Selects
His Cousin as Envoy to
London. .
rAJEOTJS RAS MAKONNEN..
WILL SEE A CORONATION
GUTHRIE, O.T., April 5.— The Jury to
day in^the Pawnee County Court returned
a verdict of guilty against A. J. Bashears,
George .Fischer and William Hinton,
County Commissioners, charged with will
ful maladministration of. the affairs of
their office. All were removed. . \
County Commissioners Removed.
"I am willing to extend this sentimental
legislation to Cuba for a reasonable
period, provided it is accompanied by an
invitation ' to Cuba to become a part of
the United States. I • wish to give Cuba
full opportunity . of ' deliberation, and I
am willing to relieve her necessities so
that this deliberation shall not be dis
turbed by acute economic distress, i but^ 1
am, opposed to- the. legislation, unless we
give Cuba clearly and unequivocally to
understand that If she wishes commercial
union with this country and conditions of
commerce | not .enjoyed by other indepen
dent nations she must seek political union
with us in the, form of i annexation as a
part of the republic." -T. '
Cooper's report, is brief .'and expresses
general opposition to the bill. '
WASHINGTON, April 5.-Three sepa
rate minority reports on the Cuban reci
procity bill were filed to-day by Repre
sentative Robertson of Louisiana. New
lands of Nevada and Cooper of Texas, all
Democrats. Robertson says in parf -
'.'The bill if enacted. Into law would af
ford no relief to the Cuban treasury I
believe that the benefits would go into
the pockets of a few sugar planters own-
Ing thousands of acres of land. The 20
per cent reduction would hot go to the
relief of th^e Cuban people, but would go
immediately and entirely to fill the al
ready overflowing coffers of the sugar re
fineries of the United States, known by
the name of the sugar trust."
Robertson expresses astonishment that
one of his Democratic associates (Mc-
Clellan) In his report refers to the bill
as an enunciation of "Democratic doctrine
of reciprocity." Robertson adds: "It
seems to me'that that kind of reciprocity
Is absolutely Impossible under a Demo
cratic tariff. Should the tariff ever, be
revised on the line and plane of the prin
ciples of the Democratic party reciprocity
would ' be entirely unnecessary and im
possible, as the rates would not be pro
hibitive, and the extension of our trade
would as a natural consequence flow from
the imposition of such tariff rates with
out the necessity of reciprocity."/
Newlands makes an elaborate presenta
tion, reviewing the political and commer
cial phases. In conclusion he says:
"The American people are becoming
tired of sentimental legislation. We have
spent 5300,000,000 . in a' .war to free Cuba.
We have spent $500,000,000 in' attempting
to carry civilization to the Philippines. It
is now proposed by the . sentimentalists
that we should . inaugurate legislation
changing our finance' system, . not for the
benefit of the American , consumers, - nor
for the benefit of our agricultural classes,
which have thus far received little of the
benefit of our financial legislation, but for
the - purpose of diverting to : the Cuban
planters, in order to relieve their threat
ened economic distress, a very large
amount of money.
BUTTE, Mont., April . 5.— A special to
the Miner from. Anaconda says Michael
Bones, an' employe of the Washoe smelt
ers, was caught between the compressed
air locomotive and an Iron post and so
badly crushed that he^ died within an hour
after the accident. Bones was trying to
get out of the way of the engine when he
was injured. \ , i
Engine Crushes an Employe.
reserve until candidates for 3 Lieutenant
Governor, Secretary of State, Treasurer,
Attorney General, Controller, Superinten
dent of Schools, State. Printer. Surveyor
and Justices of the Supreme . Court can
be urged to deliver their respective dele
gations to Burns and Herrin. The Repub
licans of the State who mean business In
fighting. the machine will see to.it that
the delegations shall be composed of men
who cannot be transferred' to the bosses.
Edson at a Campflre.
The candidacy of E. B. Edson Is creat
ing some enthusiasm in Northern Califor
nia ' The candidate last night attended a
campflre of the Army and Navy Republi
can League at Fort Jones, Siskiyou Coun
ty, the home of Major Myers, commander
in chief of the league. The following dis
patch give3 an account of the demonstra
tion: ' ¦¦•• '
"FORT JONES, April 5.— Camp Myers
No. 15 of the Army and Navy Republican
League of the State of California mus
tered in couneil to-night. to do honor to
their comrade, the Hon. E. B ; Edson,
whose candidacy for the nomination of
Governor has been. announced. A large
number of invited guests from every sec
tion of the county was . present. Com
mander in Chief Myers presided. A- bean
banquet and hardtack got up. in- true
army style was heartily enjoyed. Speeches
were made 'by. comrades -of the camp and
others commendatory, .of the sterling
qualification of Comrade Edson, who in a
spirited speech of well chosen words con
firmed his fitness for high station. He
assured the Army and Navy League if
he were chosen Governor he would give
to the. people of the State a business ad
ministration. A committee appointed sub
mitted the following, which was unani
mously adopted: .
Resolved, That we heartily indorse the work
of Comrade Edson in the conduct of the re
sponsible position, which he now holds, as
Railroad Commissioner. ¦ We commend his
patriotic ¦ devotion to the principles of the Re
publican party, and believing that he is emi
nently qualified to fill the position to which he
aspires, the highest station within the sift of
the ¦¦ people" . of .this - State, we - therefore con
fidently commend him to all our comrades..*: ' '
Delegates appointed by the Union
League. Club Of San Francisco to attend
the. San . Jose . convention -will, meet at
the rooms of the league, Palace Hotel,
next Wednesday evening, to organize and
exchange .views. 9 The club has. an active
bona.flde;! membership of. .500 men and
never, falters in its devotion to Republican
principles: 'It will be ably represented on
the floor of. the convention.
Aspirants Hay Be Heard.
./-Delegates attending the convention may
have the opportunity of listening to re
marks from . the leading Republican as*
plrants for ¦ tlje . gubernatorial nomination.
The constitution ;of ; the league will not
permit the convention to indorse^the can
didacy of any individual, but -it does not
follow, that, candidates are precluded from,
attesting in. the presence of the assembled
delegates their allegiance to the Repub
lican , faith. •: .^BBflMBEBHHHBI
. Let; Preston,. Pardee, Flint, Gage, Ed
son and Cutter go to San Jose and tell
the convention what they , have done for
the Republican' party— what rewards they
have received. and .what -they.; .expect ; In
every Republican contest during - the past
twenty years , Preston, . for. example, | haa
gone to the front , for .the. party. His
friends say that' he 'would not; hesitate to
go before, any audience . of * r his fellow
citizens and submit* his record of devotion
tp Republican principles. 3§SS81 ,-. . . ;
A hint that Johnny Mackenzie's claquers
had .been primed, to whoop it |.up for Gage
would, not deter;: Preston from "speaking.
Men who have: a sincere purpose to say
sbmethlng-for . the^good. of ' a cause \ and
the intellect to.'expressthe Idea ia'a con
vincing manner usually "get '¦' a * hearing
Minority Reports on the
Reciprocity Measure
Are Filed.
from "an audience" of "American^ ' Ga?a
ought to have the amplest opportunity to
speak, and as the Governor of the State
he should have the privilege of naming
the day and hour for tlie delivery of his
remarks. Pardee 13 a ready talker.' Flint
is a scholarly man and a good speaker.
Cutter can take care of himself in any
kind of a debate. As an orator "Edson is
not. in Samuel M. ShortridgeiVcIas3, but
he has a plain way of saying vfhoX he
means. . ...
Body Under Ton3 of Back.
BUTTE. Mont.. April 5.— The" body of
James Ryan, who waa burled in a cave-in
in the Anaconda mine five days ago, was
recovered early this mo-friing. : A whole
level gave way. burying Ryan beneath al
most a mountain- of rock and ore. Tho
body was fearfully mangled."
Brooke May Be Promoted.
"WASHINGTON, April 5.— Senator Quay
to-day gave notice of an amendment he
will offer to the army approi>riation btll
providing for the prqmotionof the senior
major ganeral of the army. (General
Brooke) to the rank of lieutenant general
and authorizing his retirement with that
rank. iOOMtllljl JMIElltUJilMlLIM
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 6.— Advices
received here from Uskup, European Tur
key, announce that a number -of Alban
ians recently surrounded the Government
offices at Ipek, took all tlie officials pris
oners and then telegraphed to the Yildiz
Palace here demanding the release of the
Albanians who are'defolned in custody at
Constantinople. Two battalions of Turk
ish infantry have been dispatched tp Ipek.
Albanians on the Warpath.
CUBA'S NEEDS
ARE DISCUSSED
At W'innepeg the eituation is being re
lieved. The ice In both rivers is breaking
up fast and the railroad brid\es are safe.
It is expected that the situation will im
prove in all parts of the province by Mon
day, as the weather is very warm.
The valley of the Soueis River, which
is two miles wide, is flooded many feet
deep, and the river there is still rising.
The people of the town of Soueis are
isolated from the outside world. The
two bridges" leading to the town were
swept away. As the result of a big wash
out at Naplnka, the Canadian Pacific
Railway trains west bound were stalled
there two days.
Tremendous damage to property and
stock has been done in various parts cf
the settlements, and the. carcasses of cat
tle and sheep are lying along the edged
of the. enlarged waterway.. Outbuildings
from farms are entangled ! with stray
pieces of fence well up to the top
branches of trees, furniture has v been
moved from interiors to the flat roofs
of the houses and the roofs of barns are
floating around like great scows.
on higher ground, and they have been
there on half rations, with food brought
to them in boats, for the last four days.
SAN, JOSE, April 5.— An action against
the Modern ..Woodmen ot the World was
begun here torday to recover upon a ben
eficiary '-certificate. > for « ?20QO, • issued to Dr.
R.*'H.-' Burke in March, 1900,-. and" niade
payable to his legal heirs.*...* Dr.* Burke died
in October, 1901, and bequeathed all his
property, including the' certificate, to his
wife, Alice S. Burke. The secret order re
fused payment on .the 'ground that the Il
linois law, under which It was organized,
does not recognize a will and that other
heirs may claim a- share.
Suit Against Woodmen Lodge.
Everything pointed to a , happy union.
But the love that lived through years of
separation could not stand the many
trials of matrimony and now Byrne and
the lady from Marysville are free- once
more to go their respective ways.* -
All through her marital, troubles the
young wife had the silent sympathy j of
Callaghan Byrne, who had long before
realized that his first love was his only
one. Finally, after long years of separa
tion, Byrne and I Hope Ellis Sherwood
met at Governor Gage's Inaugural ball.
It was not long before the estranged pair
were recalling old memories and the re
newal of the old ties followed easily and
naturally. VOn ¦ January 29, 1899, the en
gagement was announced and two weeks
later, on Mardl ' Gras, the ' wedding was
solemnized in the presence of but. a few
intimate friends in the apartments of the
bride's father, W. T. Ellis, at the Palace
Hotel. v
--The knowledge of Miss . Ellis' wedding
to young Sherwood was a great surprise
to her ; many friends. She was to have
been one ' of the bridesmaids at the wed
ding of Miss Eleanor IDimond 'and Paul
Jarboe, but on ther very- day of the wed
ding Miss Dimond received a telegram
from Miss Ellis announcing; her marriage
to Sherwood and declaring her consequent
inability . to : serve her frlend.\ :
It. happened at Del Monte during: the
fashionable "shoot" period. . Miss Ellia In
those days . was ' addicted to decollete
gowns. Mr. Byrne objected to his fiancee's
wearing • too little -; dress. ' The ¦ couple
quarreled and the .betrothal was broken
off. Miss Ellis went back to her home in
Marysville 'and one \ day surprised her
friends by announcing her marriage to
Bert Sherwood, the divorced husband of
beautiful Miss Blethen. .., • .-.: .
: On the 14th of February, 1899, Hope Ellis
Sherwood and Callaghan Byrne were mar
ried. The happy pair had faced matri
mony early: in '92, but a lovers' quarrel
brought the engagement at that period to
a sudden termination. . "'1,';
The Republicans of California who are
fighting the push machine, to save the
party fro'm dishonor and disaster will not
stand for organization tactics such as
Herrin and Burns employed in organizing
the late Republican Municipal Conven
tion in San Francisco. The - Republicans
favoring the nomination of a truly repre
sentative leader of the party will have a
candidate for chairman of the conven
tion. .That candidate is fairly named in
advance of the primaries-^the Hon'. Jacob
Hart Neff of Placer County. The Gage
lings in secret have selected George A.'
Knight, attorney of the State Board of
Health, as tneir candidate for chairman,
but ; they hesitate to come forward . and
name him. Their plan is to keep him in
, The Gage tnish in the Palace court de
fiantly assert that 'the Humboldt delega
tion will take orders from J.'C. Bull, and
that Bull is for Gage to a finish. The
counties . in the First Congressional Dis
trict other than Humboldt " County are
Del Norte, Slsklyou, Trinity, Tehama,
Shasta, Modoc, Lassen, Plumas, Sierra,
Nevada, Placer, Eldorado, Amador, Cala
verag, 'Alpine, Mono, Maripoea • and
Tuolumne. • Most of these counties are
against, Gage. ¦ and they do not take or
ders from Bull."
Will Not Stand Organization Tactjcs.
A The boast of the bosses that they, have
everything fixed in Humboldt County for
a Gage delegation may be premature.
Local reasons may, incline the delegates
to support George 'Knight for chairman
of the convention, , but the heroic attri
butes of Lieutenant Governor Neff will
claim appreciation in Humboldt. . The
friends of Gillette and Selvage, rival can
didates for the Congressional nomination
in the First District, will hot care to in
cur the displeasure of the mining coun
ties by opposing Neff for chairman. :
. Hender is vice 'president of the Tuol
umne Bank, an insurance agent and the
proprietor of the principal saloon in So
nora, Frank Street is- president of the
bank and is justly rated as one of the
leading men of the caunty. . He is known
to be opposed to the nomination of Gage.
Indications are that the Tuolumne Coun
ty delegates will; stand by Uncle Jake
Neff for chairman of the Republican
State Convention, and Yosemite Commis
sioner Hender may feel constrained to
fall into line. v . l ,
Street, Is Opposed to Gage.
.The appointment of Thomas Hender of
Sonoma to the Tosemite .Valley. Commia
sion will not cause - the delivery of the
Tuolumne County delegation to Gage.
Frank Street and "other progressive Re
publican citizens of the county ' clearly
comprehend' the political situation. Hen
der stands well In Tuolumne County .and
has many friends in that' region; His
friends do not blame him for his loyalty
to Gage. They remark: "It is all right
for Tom Hender to be, for Gage, but if
Frank Street and other Republicans who
are openly opposed to the renomination of
Gage want to go to the State convention
Hender cannot stop Tuolumne County
from sending them there."
The district is counted as safely Repub
lican. In 1893 E. B. Edson, th« Republi
can nominee, secured 42,106 votes against
38,121 for his Democratic opponent, H. M.
Larue.
"W. L. Crooks. Benicia; R. D. Robbins,
Suisun; Alexander Irwin. Marys vllle, and
Douglas S. Cone, Red Bluff, are Republi
can candidates for' nomination to the of
fice ' of 1 Railroad Commissioner for the
First District. . The candidacy of the last
named is reported in the following dis
patch from' Shasta County:
t 'REDDING, ; April. 4.— Douglas S. Cone,'
farmer, stock-raiser, banker and capital
ist of Red Bluff, while | in this city last
evening :> virtually announced that he
would . be ' a candidate for the nomination
to the office of Railroad Commissioner at
the hands of the Republicans at the State
convention. Cone ; has . long been promi
nently connected with the party in North
ern California." - -....¦' .
MABYSVILL.E, April 5.— Mrs. Hope
Ellis Byrne was this ' afternoon " granted a
divorce from Callaghan- Byrne, the well
known mining man, on the ground of de
sertion. The defendant- made no contest
and it is understood that' there was an
agreement between him and his wife that
he .would not oppose, her application for a
separation 'on . the ground . alleged. -No
alimony, or costs of suit were demanded.
The only issue of their marriage, a child
of two and a half years, was awarded to
the mother, the father to have charge of
the little one at stated intervals. "When
the child reaches the age of 5 years both
parents - will become ita custodians on
equal terms, the | time of their possession
of the youngster to be impartially divided.
Mr. Byrne will provide for the child's
maintenance ' permanently. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Husband and Wife Stipulate
as to the Custody of
Their Child.
Hender Cannot Deliver the
Tuolumne Delegation to
Oandidates for Railroad
Commissioner in the
First District..
Mining 'Man Does Not
Oppose >Suit for
Separation. /
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
DIVORCE DECREE
FOR MRS. BYRNE
/5THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, • 6, 1902.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
eONTRACTEDIT
¦'- ¦- >- : '-: ':•':¦'•¦¦¦• '¦ ¦¦ . ¦.'.¦' ' •' - **. ¦/
If. so, .do not; Jeopardize your future
health by allowing It to become ;flfmly
seated.
The symptoms are headache, nausea,
loss of appetite,' dropping (of mucous In
the throat, a BtufEy feeling In the head,"
weak eyes, i a; desire to freai the throat
f rom_ phlegm and i a languid . feeling In
every part of the" body. • '- .
If you have chronic catarrh, a lingering
cough, or any disease . of the respiratorj'
organs," HYOMEI, the new dry-air germi-
cide, will seek ont all the g-erms: causing
the disease, whether in the head, throat
or lungs, and destroy them completely.;!
HYOMEI Is . the ¦ only - preparation "for
these diseases ever, indorsed by, the medi-
cal profession."':. ~ : y'\: -.''-.'. ;¦''¦'¦
Your- money i is i refunded in . every? case
where it fails, to cure -coughs^ catarrh;
bronchitis or consumption. \ ¦¦
-You; can obtain 'a , five days' treatment free
befcre* purchasing ari v outfit by simply .writing
to. lhe-R..T. Booth Co.;.'Ithapa N. T. '"
, All -; druggists sell HTOMEI.
_ / "" '-¦ MISCELLANEOUS. : - ' '_' - nn^''''XX^
Two Big Purchases From St. Gall, Switzerland, and Paris, France.
To-morrow we offer at Special Sale two lots of fine Lace Curtains bought by us at 65c on
the $1. It is a remarkably fine lot and at this season of the year when lace curtains are very much
in demand, makes it the curtain event of the season. '
Some of the Bargains and tlie Price?.
50 pairs Fine Real. Brussels , Lace Curtains, PA yards 50 pairs Fine Real Brussels Lace curtains, $/ 2 yards
Jong, excellent value at $5.00 a pair— specialin' c-t.^c long, excellent value at $10.00 a pair— special • Eft
this sale, a pair..... a53, /3 in this salei a pai- Qj7.5U
50 pairs Fine Real Brussels Lace Curtains, tfA yards 50 pairs excellent value at $12.00 a pair — (jjqca
long, excellent value at $7.50 a pair— special in ; !c>c Aft special in this sale, a pair vO 1 . 3 "
this sale, a pair ;..........:.;. 3>3.»UU so pairs excellent value at $15.00 a pair— <Q 7c
50 pairs Fine Real Brussels Lace Curtains. 2V2 -yards • special in this sale, a pair ¦^"•#3
long, excellent : value at $9.00 a pair— special in ' Cfi CA So pairs excellent value ' at $20.00 a pair — cil lj yc
this sale, a pair j 3 V special in this sale, a pair li5# ¦
Real French Lace '(^lrtairis, Cluny, Renaissance, Arabians, Etc.
100 pairs Renaissance Lace Curtains— excellent tf» o -jrc 100 pairs excellent value at $10.00 a pair— K A
value at $3.00 a pair— special in this sale, a pair.. *4>«J»*V. special in this sale, a pair vJ>O.3y
100 pairs excellent value at $7.50 a pair— CC Afl 100 pairs excellent value at $15.00 a pair— «to cA
Bpecial m this sale, a pair ....::..... v J ' uu special in this sale, a pair .....: $Oi3U
About 100 pairs assorted, two and' three pairs of a pattern, ranging in price from $17.5O to $35.00 a pair —
these curtains will be closed out at a great reduction — every one will be a great bargain.
: wAKFe.1p and kuuj.
7*^^^^^ beivg first in the field and placing bur
\ i^^^f - carpet and rug orders early, we were able to se-
i^fjffl^^^^^i^^^^^ ingE^s. cure immense lines of floor coverings in the new-
ffftlil H r^^^^^^®^^^ \\1S& eSt sprin & colorln gs and choicest patterns, and at
Hill l\ Sd lllm P resent we are showing the largest and best lines
]{ \1\\\ U-^L >-'• '± ///Mfl ° f these & OOf ! s in> San Francisco.
T A\\ \^^^^^^e^^^-*?^^ : -rS^^^^%iJJ /Of/ « Koval Wiltons (choice patterns), the best made here, at
\^V^^^'-i^ : i--'^^^'-^^-^^&-^J^^/l^l 51. To, $2.OO. 82.50 and S3.00 per yard.
S!^ %£*?i$ffll per ? yird and * 1-35 Erad6 Wilton Velvets - h i rc at $f.JO
Wf J, 1 All-Wool Velvet Carpets, the collection of patterns and
it« < _.... .'^.- • K» color schemes Includes styles particularly appropriate for
V*l * III V A 1\J ¦' ' B'W parlors, halls and stairs, sold • elsewhere at $1.40 per 'Ci effc
V* \ «-»* » f»M -j rig ; yard; here at ...I... -uM.ll/
tl Upholstered In «/ §;f Alexander Smith's Best Tapeilry Brussels Carpst. cle-
eI ' - - ci|i#. rAuoptnA |s# '¦•'¦-¦ signs and co.orlngs for parlors, dining-rooms, halls fLVLr
n oiilv V^OVcring fj and stairs; here at UJt
fi» 1 C£SCI^ P^/^^\ vSl»- * E xtra Quality Tapestry Brussels Carpets, handsome
«p g~r# ,_ m J y J \^3* designs and color combinations for rooms, halls and stairs;
_, « , . . ,. , . , sold elsewhere at 80c and 90c per yard, here -Tftr*
The beauty of this divan, together with the knowledge. at •••• • • • ••••-• * vC
that it is made in our own factory an,d absolutely j^uaran- Body Brussels, best grades, $1;15 and 81.35. -
teed, make it one of the best bargains we have ever of- Ingrain Carpets, large assortment of patterns and color-
frreri mir mrJnr fMrn?Mir^ flr>r.r Ings - Their beauty and servlceableness are rar beyond the
lered on our parlor Urmturc tloor. expectations that the little price inspires. Sold else- 3fi r
SPECIAL SALE AT SPECIAL PRICES where at 50c: here at /JVC
OF ODD PIECES OF UPHOLSTERY All-Wool Extra Super Ingrain Carpets, choice pat-
7, _ Jr w . n *7WJT -- yf,..Z. Z. C.«T. terns aRd colorings. All of you know the splendid wearing
ALL OUR OWN MANUFACTURE. / qualities of this grade. Sold elsewhere at $1.00 and 7 = £
r- fi. • ir • #-1- • t» i-t • S0c; here at, ...............4Oc and # OC
F«°?t r • n S * ' t £ , C u ai "Au R ° ckerS ' Nava i° Eu^ s: 9xl2 feet « 822.50; 36x72 inches, $3.75;
Easy Chairs. Divans, Tete-a-Tetes, Turkish Chairs and 30x60 inches. S'2. 75.
Rockers. Sleepy Hollow Chairs, Lounges, Reclining Saraband Hues. 9x12, $22.5O; 6x9, $15.00.
Chairs, Parlor Suits— in Brocatelle, Tapestry, Velours Smyrna E-ues, 3x12. S17.I5O: 7 ft. 6 In. by 10 ft.- 6 in.,
Crushed Plush. Leather, Roman Vehet and all the new - • 1 ?: 5O , ; S; Be?t iZ is" 'Zl^i^'
things. Reliable, durable and stylish Parlor Furniture. ' ithil^^pwt&
H^'IMC DAY CDCIPUT' S|SO packandshI P^o° d s| |ars= mail orders promptly filled when ac-
pat HitibHi Bsy.yas'aaa.'ag ¦|^^vg»'B{ffj^ ro - w .g". o ! fl J 8g f^- -..
Jg- ALL BOADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEtrS, Cor. 16th and Mission.
__ -.-.-.....:: ADVERTISEMENTS. ~
' ¦'*"' '- 7 ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ T ~"' ~ " ¦ ¦¦¦' >v "'¦ v "•' ' "" : '
'¦¦¦¦'"jfy ly^^S&i^Ssy'' .We offer to-morrow the big-
. & est bon3,-fide. . reduction in foulard
'i .. rv^S^r^^ ; '-;¦•' -. y -silks that ;has, ever been; made to our
knowledge: in 1 San^^ Francisco— the ¦ redactions are exactly as
quoted^." : These silks sold at. the original price up to 10
o'clock last night. All the very choicest summer ,shadings in
the; -very, newest .and most fashionable, patterns — full .24
inches/wide and guaranteed every thread pure ?ilk — nothing
like *them 'at near the price has ever been shown! ;_ N
$1.00 grade foulard satin, beginning-to-morrow .'.'.... 6Sc Yard
'¦Regular 85c grade foulard silks, beginning^ to-mprraMr >. .... .59c Yard
Anbtber Lot of $1^5 Petttots; T^
-March 16 we advertised and illustrated this ' |i i»^s
petticoat as per picture; the following \^ef*^*^
( day;we spld every One in the lot before 5 \K?*JT^
that after-noon. { It was the greatest
petticoat sale we ever conducted. To-morrow > i^i^V
we. start the sale of the second shipment-7 r 4«9ci ,\|\
(extra quality of mercerized satin, almost im- iiJIv^J JvA
possible -to -tell from silkr-6-inch accordion- J %\
¦: pleated ruffle around bottom, .trimmed ,\ with ' v //TT" X im^V.
.two-row's "of; small 'rtiifles and finished with. a / i^^^^k
dust ruffle— very elaborately made and of ex- 'W^^fW^^^^^^
ceedinsly.sood material— is as good as any ¦
$3.00 skirt ever put on the market— black only p *^
1 .............................. $1»73 Each .
Our $25.00 Tailor Made Suits- -
Illustrated above-^-all pure wool Venetian cloth, with the new Eton
jacket trimmed with taffeta— skirt is taffeta trimmed, finished with the
new graduated flounce— comes in black or blue— these skirts fit per-
fectly arid guaranteed to give the service of any $45 tailor-made cos-
tume— our price .. ....................9-3.00 Each
Gibson Etamine Suits—
tn black or blue— elaborately trimmed in black moire and fancy buttons
' —skirt is made with the new full serpentine flounce and trimmed with
- moire and lined throughout with silk— waist in. the Gibson style— a suit
that cannot be duplicated by a diessmaker for less than $65.00— our
jjrice ..: • ..§35.00 Each
Our S5.00.Dress Skirt—
Of black all-wool cheviot, taffeta trimmed, one of the neatest and pret-
tiest fitting skirts we have ever seen — just the thing for summer wear—
a great value while they last .$5.00 Each
Our S5.OO Walking Skirt-
Of golf cloth in hairline stripes, in a light summer weight — in ..green,
brown or black— just right for stormy weatherwear or vacation tramps
and outings— bought for a special sale, which we start to-morrdrw ait
.;..... li. 93.00 Each
Peau de.Soie Gibson Waists—
Peaii de soie silk is the fabric of the season— these waists ..are . ..rather
elaborately made with fine tucks and hemstitching in a novel arrange-
ment down' front and back — colors pink, blue, .white, green, old rose,
etc.— a°very'swell waist and a waist that, we guarantee -will fit you- per-
fectly Each
Other lines of peau de soie waists have just been, received at $5.00,
. $6.00, $7.50 and $8.56. :^-:* : ...,: * ••
Our stock of wash waists in madras, grass linen, duck, "etc.. : at
- from 75c to $3.00, is the most complete we have ever exhibited— white
lawn waists in an immense variety of new designs from 75c to $5.00 —
waists will be worn more than, ever this year.,'v*V '. .. '^,. . -
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
Five Dollars a Box,
The Price Cut No Figure
With Him.
"I want to «ay for the benefit of some poor
dyspeptic that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets : will
give comfort and & cure every time. . Five dol-
lars a box would not stop my purchasing , them
should I ever. suffer again aa I did for a week,
before using them.; - ¦• • ; : ¦
- "The one 50-cent box I bought at my drug-
gist's : did : the -work and my digestion Is ail
right again. .. ,' :¦ ' :-
of my neighbors have also tried. these
• tablets , and found them . to be just ? as * repre-
sented, and Mr. Ellms also wants me to use his*
name In indorsing Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
; V(Slgned) • .;.v A. ELLMS and:
" /'CHAS. F. BUZZEL1,,
"Assistant Postmaster, ...
"South Sudbury, Mass." ' ¦
. Mrs; Jas. Barton of Toronto, Canada, writes :
"For eighteen months * I suffered : from • what • I
supposed was bladder and kidney trouble,' and
took medicine • from "} three ¦ different doctors,
without any. sign of cure. . I felt so HI at last
I was hardly able to do my work. ." ;¦ -,-
"I thought' I would try. a box of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets and see; If they would make
me f e«l better,- never really thinking I had dys-
pepsia; but after only three' or^rour tablets had
bfcen taken all the acid trouble disappeared and
then i I ¦= discovered > I . had had -> acid dyspepsia, j
while the doctors . had been treating . me ¦ for
'kidney} and bladder ' trouble , and. one of: them
treated me for rheumatism.. ¦ •¦-; i '
¦ ; - "My digestion . is fine/ my complexion clear
and I am able to do my. work and low spirits
are ¦ unknown ' to me. . -, -. ¦¦: ... \_.
, yi am SOithankful for finding a cure so good
and so pleasant to take as Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I ' am surprised at the change . they
have made . In . me." - , v • ¦ . - ¦• .
¦ All? druggists sell^ and recommend Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. ¦ because i they contain ; only
the ¦ simple natural digestives, and Uken after
meals prevent acidity, and cause prompt diges-
tion and assimilation of [food. . " /...-,\A -
. - Physicians everywhere Indorse them . because
they are as safe for the:chlld:as for the.adult:
they ; are : Invaluable : for. 1 sour stomach; ! nervpus
dyspepsia.^ heartburn, gas '¦> on. -stomach and
bowels - and : every form ' of " stomach ¦ derange-
ment. BfiHHSHHHHBHBHBKtftf'
£feilptruner'$
: • If you are subject to poison
oak, you- ought: tahavc a .bot-
tle of Halpruner's Poison Oailc
¦ Curelon hand atajl times.:-. -.
*- Halprtnter's Poisbn : Qaik
: Cure applied to fhe : affectiwl
•.' - parts ~ instantly Vemoves jt j|e
pain and discoinfort and cures
up, the annoyance. , ,^ $,¦ .' *»¦
Halpruner's l Poison Oak
- i Cure" is sold by^ all druescrsts
at' 40c and-- 75c 'a :bofttle4^K'
V.surc -you get •Haloruner^l-
. don't allow the- druttsrists «?,£¦<>
/ -talk you out of it. '¦-'¦
, t \ BalprBflsr MedicaKMfg. Co.
28 Ca li f orn ia St , San Fr one isVo
1 1142-1146 Market St., I
H Bet. Ma* on and Taylor. H
1 Beg to announce that they will |
I open for. business on Q
Monday, April 7, 1
|. At 9 A. M., \
\ Displaying a complete and inter- |
1 esting New Stock : of TAILOR- I
I MADE GARMENTS, LADIES' |
1 8UITS. LONG COATS, JACKETS, |
|| CAPES and SKIRTS at the very I
li lowest prices. 3
M BLUE HAIR STRIPED TAILOR 1
I SUITS, Egyptian Effect. Skirt dou- !
M ble flounce, not to equal it in town ra
{I at less than $20.00. ' Ljj
|| Special $15.00. |
H FINE THIBET CLOTH TAILOR P
II SUITS, Strapped Seame. Silk Drop f?
a Skirts; they are excellent value at E
Special $20.00. 9
j 500 NEWEST STYLE TAILOR B
I SUITS, 81O.OO to S75.OO. U
Q PEAU DE SOIK and TAFFETA &
K SILK ETON JACKETS. H
Eg By Fair Dealings, Courtesy and h
m Low Prices we hope to gain your M
i j custom. * ' UThe annual ball of the Electrical Trim
mers, held last night at Odd Fellows'
Hall, was a most enjoyable -affair. The
hall was very prettily decorated with red,
white and blue punting, and: a large col
ored ; centerpiece 'adorned ' the '. : celling.
Those who.* had . charge of the'arrange
ments were: Arrangement ;i committ*ee—
E. J. McSheehy. A. H. Bahr. E. Richards,
H. Howcll, William Lawson. C. Eiben.'
Floor committee— Cv- E., Charlerton (floor
manarrer). R. G. Alexander/ A. Ughlow,
J. Thelah; 1 J. v Lawless, - Al Springer, S.
Gatje, W. Laweon.rH. Landers, S. Eiben.
Reception committeerrE. Richards., L.
Bock, : J. Holmes, < A.* Moor, J. Berliner/ D.
Mahier. '. -' '¦-. - • '*;*.'* : *'| ' , : " , . ¦¦;,./'¦
Electrical Trimmers' Ball.
J. J. McCaffery, a switchman employed
on the Belt Railroad on the city front,
met with an accident yesterday which' re
sulted in his death shortly after his re
moval to the Emergency Hospital. - Mc-
Caffery slipped and fell .while attempting
to board a moving engine on East -street,
near Filbert, and the wheels > passed over
both of his legs, severing them below
the knees. The shock to his nervous'sys
tem killed him. McCaffery was about 35
years of ageand lived, with, his wife at
ICO Golden Gate avenue. John P. Staton,
who was In charge of the engine, was ar
rested and released on furnishing $50 cash
baiL ¦ . : . '- '<• ..- •'.
Switchman Is Accidentally Killed.
As soon as the news of De Waal's death
was made known an attache of the Brit
ish Consulate called at the Morgue and
gave the necessary information to fill out
the death certificate, but declined to say
anything, regarding: De Waal's business
or the, reason of his visit- here.'- - - ' ¦
The deceased was a man about 36 years
of age and arrived here on the steamer
Sierra on Wednesday In company with
his friend, Ainslee Marshall. . Both regis
tered-at the New Western Hotel, De Waal
registering from Cape Colony . and. hia
friend from West Australia. Both appar
ently had plenty of money. Soon after, ar
rival both reported at the office of. the
Erltish Consul.
J. P. de Waal, -who fell oft a car of the
£aera.mento-street line on j Thursday - af t
erncon. as he was returning, from the
park, died yesterday at the French Hos
pital. His hat i blew off just as the car
reached "Point '• Lobos avenue/and in
jumping 1 ' after it De Waal fell on the
track. He was at once removed to the
hospital, where It was found that his
skull was fractured. ' ' , ; . ¦':¦'.
Dies' at French Hospital From
Fractured Skull.
J. P. de Waal, an English Visitor,
ATTEMPT TO RECOVER r
HAT^ LEADS TO DEATH
- STRIKES FOREMAN WITH . SHOVEL.—
George Daw. a laborer employed In . Golden
Gate Park, was arrested yesterday on a charge
of battery preferred by Foreman' Con Mahoney
who claims Daw struck Him on the shoulders
¦with a shovel. ' . . • . '. - .
; Santos .Gonzales,' a brilliant Filipino:
artist, who has studied in the first schools
of Europe.j wiir have", two ;of his xemark- .
able canvases exhibited iri the' maple" room ;
of the Palace Hotel to-morrow evening.
-One picture, "The: Surrender ofvManila.'I.i
measures 14x34 • feet, ¦ and is a "painting ! of
the American and* Spanish: soldiers at the'
time of the war. " The smaller; painting,'
"Saluting the Wounded," is extremely
dramatic, j showing- a: number., of Spanish
soldiers,; some' on litters 'and others lame
and crippled/passing the" First California
Regiment; under* the command "of Colonel '
James'Smith. The gallant colonel is rep
resented In the act of saluting the con
quered enemy.' The pictures will be on
exhibition' In"' the -i maple '•- room for one!
week. !' " ¦ '¦ •( ¦• ' • .¦ -" : /
Spanish War to Be Exhibited
• ¦ ' To-Morrow. -
Paintings of Incidents of American-
Deputy grand master workman, Edwin Dan
forth of Spartan Lodge; grand lecturer, W. 11.
Barnes of Valley Lodge; committee on laws —
Herman Schaffner of Memorial Lodge, J. C. C.
Russell of Hanford Lodge, Frederick Roth
ganger of Terba Buena Lodge; arbitration com
mittee — H. H. Reid of West End Lodge, Julius
Meyer of Washington Lodge, George F. Neal ol.
Franklin Lodge, J. J. Bennetts of Mount Ham
ilton "Lodge; finance committee — John Hoesch
of Magnolia Lodge, E. J. Fennon of Pacific
Lodge, C. S. Hoffman of Memorial Lodge: ap
peals and grievances — W.,B. Hardy of Mount
Hamilton Lodge, William Meek of East Los
Angeles Lodge and E. A. Smith' of Harmony
Lodre.
• There was - considerable discussion on
the subject of extension work and the
whole matter was referred to a subcom
mittee to formulate a plan.
The grand master workman announced
the following appointments:
The State was divided into four dis
tricts, each of which shall be placed in
the charge of a grand officer. The grand
master is to designate the officers. ,
At a meeting of the corporate directors
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen
held yesterday,' Grand Master Workman
E. A-. Freeman was-chosen president
Gfarid""Recorder C. T. Spencer secretary.
David S. Hirshberjj was appointed attor
ney for the board. Past Grand Master W.
H. Barnes was awarded the contract for
publishing the A. O. U. W. Bulletin, the
official organ. The grand master, deputy
grand master and grand recorder were
appointed a committee to secure quarters
for the Grand Lodge officers in which
there shall be fireproof vaults In which to
safely keep valuable records.
the TJse of the Grand
' Officers.
New Quarters Are to Be Secured for
TWO STIRRING PICTURES
TO BE ON" PUBLIC VIEW
GRAND MASTER WORKMAN
NAMES HIS COMMITTEES
. In the case of Peter Peterson, the sailor,
who was asphyxiated at 231 Montgomery
avenue, seven jurors returned. a. verdict of
suicide and the eighth of accident.
-In the ease of the gas asphyxiation of
Bernard itearns of 1610V& Bush street a
verdict of accidental death was rendered.
*.*--.• .-'> to the Assault on the.
Teamster.
¦'•Coroner Leland held several '• inquest:
yesterday morning. In the case of George
Schnoor the jury returned a verdict that
death was caused by chronic cerebra:
meningitis resulting, from a' blow' on tht
head inflicted by a party' or parties un
known to the jury. Schnoor was a strik
ing teamster, arid while on 'picket dutj
last May on Folsom street, between Third
and Fourth streets, became involved, in a
scrimmage, in which he received a severe
1 blow on the head with a heavy blunt in
strument. He said that he had beer
struck by a man wearing the star 'of. a
special policeman. No witnesses could ,be
'found and the police were unable to as
certain . the identity of the person > whe
struck Schnoor. >;....
No Witnesses Appear to Testify as
"Jack" Shaughnessy was born in New
York forty-five years ago. He came west
One of his employers in .'speaking of
Shaughnessy's death yesterday said: "We
allloved him and I looked upon him as- if
he -was one of my, own sons.".
For •, the past twenty-seven years
Shaughnessy had been a traveling rep
resentative of ..the Crown Distilleries ;and
he had the reputation of being one of the
highest salaried traveling men in Amer
ica. His territory included Alaska, Wash
ington, Oregon; Nevadaarid Colorado. In
every -town he , yisitefi he . was a . tavorite
and - his", customers* would ; .walt' weekk :vto
give him their orders. He spent money
with a liberal hand and also gave it away.
It is said that upon 1 his retprn to thecity
after a trip people who were in hard luck
would wait for him near his. .business
office. After hearing" their * stories he
would press a ten or twenty ' dollar gold
piece in the' hand of each of them, arid
laughingly skip away. He refused no one.
JOHN J. SHAUGHNESSY, one of
the. best-known and most popular
. commercial men on the coast, died
of acute pneumonia yesterday
morning at the Lamborne Hotel.
"Jack," as he was familiarly known, was
taken ill a week ago and for' a time was
thought to be recovering.
JURY'S VEBJDICT IN THE
/: GEORGE SCHNOOBCAS:
Shaughnessy was one of the oldest Elks
on. the. Pacific Coast and was a member
of Seattle Lodge. . His funeral will pos
sibly take place to-morrow, but no defin
ite plans have yet been. made. • He leaves
a wife and one sister, Mrs. William Hob
son, of San Jose.'
in the early days and settled for a time
in Virginia City. ' His polished' manners
and natty appearance quickly secured him
a lucrative position with the old Bonanza
Mining- Company. . ¦ -«.« : ' - ' • -
WELL-KNOWN AND; POPULAR
TRAVELING SALESMAN jjj WHO
DIED IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY.
••¦ Resolved, That .the increased' necessity fo:
school facilities- are so palpably ; apparent anc
urgent that, . rather than to wait and depenc
upon the uncertainty of a bond issue, it is th<
! sense of this meeting that the . honorable . thi
Board of - Supervisors of this city and county,
in, the making .us of the budget, . unanimously
raise as an urgent necessity an extra 1(
cents on each $100 valuation for the purchase
of . school sites wherever needed, and for th«
erection of modern school buildings thereon.
j ' F. Morton secured the passage of the
following preamble and. resolution:
Whereas, The City and County Attorney hat
decided . that lots needed to be . purchased f 01
school ¦ sites must . be appraised and specifica
tions for buildings be drawn before the Su
pervisors pass upon. them. ¦ . '. ¦ .„ ' , . ' -
* Resolved; 'That a committee be appointed tc
consult with' the various boards- and commit
tees having these matters In charge and to aid
and. assist In every way possible the prepara
tion of these matter*. ¦ . ". :.,,..•
.The following committee was appointed:
F. Morton, Dr. C. D. Salfleld, E.R. Pease,
G. Schnee, E. A. Lorenzo, William H,
Hamilton and L. A. Rea.
[jfcThe plan of advertising 'the northern
and central sections of the State. was ad
vocated in the following -resolution:
"Resolved, That the Municipal League heart
,ily indorses and encourages the .present move
ment of promoting and advertising the re-
Bources . of , Central and Northern California,
and that a committee of five be appointed from
this organization to wait . upon the chairman
of the promotion association . and tender Its
services. ¦ . • . ¦
-' The committee appointed to carry out
the spirit of the resolution is composed
of Dr. C. D, Salfleld, A. W. ; "Wehe.-E. R.
Pease, N. Schlessinger And N. B. Greens
felder.
¦ Resolved, That the large ' electric and ; othei
advertising signs built ol wood on the roofs ot
buildings are a constant menace and dangei
to the public safety and should' not- be coun
tenanced by . the authorities ' of this city, anc
permits for these abominations* should not b<
granted; further. V- 7. -.-¦-,;¦¦ .¦„¦'-¦.-.-.
¦•. Resolved, That an ordinance should be paesec
limiting the height of such signs and their con
struction so as. to insure the safety of the pub
lic. :, ¦- .»¦¦ • ,- ¦•¦ , ,--¦¦ . -. " \ ¦. : - . £¦ ¦ ..-:-.
Matters of local . Interest .were consid
ered at a meeting of the Municipal League
held last night at their headquarters. Th<
following resolutions introduced by" Dr
C. D. Salfleld were adopted: '
I. W. Hellman Jr.; who has been very
busy for several weeks locally financing
the Market-street " Railway, deal,' left yes
terday afternoon with his wife and a
party of friends in a private car for an
extended tour of Southern California.
It is the intention of the United Rail
roads to issue bonds to the amount i of
$35,275,000. For the purpose of authorizing
the issue a meeting of the stockholders
has been called for June 5. ,The object, of
the issue is to provide for the cost and in
debtedness of the various lines of the
system. The bonds are ¦ to run twenty
five years and bear 4 per ¦ cent interest.
The appointment of director is more an
honor than a reward in a pecuniary
sense. A director receives but 510 for
every meeting he attends. There are
about two meetings a month.
. The appointment of James M. Duane is
also a surprise. It was thought that as
soon as the deal went through Mr. Duane
would return to New York. It Is now
given out; however, that he will not make
San Francisco his permanent home, but
that he will be a constant visitor to this
city.
The new directors were all selected by
Attorney "Atterbury of New York,, who is
the legal representative of the Baltimore
syndicate. He has been here for several
weeks, and during that time he has not
allowed the "grass -to- grow -under his- feet,
but has been circulating around the city
and Investigating the qualifications of trie
various men suggested for directors. .
Two of the board will represent Brown
Brothers of New* York. They are" Duane
and Holland. Two of the old Market
street Railway directors have also been
retained. They are I. W. Hellman and
Charles ffolbrook. "Williamson has In
vested a large amount In , the new com
pany and is connected with the. firm of
Balfour & .Guthrie. Antoine Borel has
also invested a large amount in the new
company. He. was connected with the
North Pacific Coast Railway before it
sold out to the North Shore road. Joseph
S. Tobln as a director is somewhat of a
surprise, but his appointment is a popu
lar choice. Brown is cashier of the Cali
fornia Bank.
The names of those who will constitute
the new board of directors of the United
Railroads ; of San Francisco were officially
announced yesterday. They are James M.
Duane, Arthur Holland, Charles. Hol
brook, I. W. Hellman. Alexander B.-Wil
liamson, Joseph S. Tobin, Thomas Brown
and. Antdine Borel. There are to be nine
directors. The ninth director has not yet
been decided upon; however..
Attention of Authorities Is
Called- to Signs on
Buildings: ;, ;
Important. Meeting to Be Held
in This City in
U UD61 ' » ' > s s
Municipal League Passes
: Resolutions Urging
More Schools. ;-;p
Baltimore . Syndicate Re
liains Two of Old
FAVOR SPECIAL
BUILDING FUND
NEW DIRECTORS
ARE ANNOUNCED
POPULAR COMMERCIAL TRAVELER
DIES AFTER A SHORT ILLNESS
• ''- in -Every |Git^^aM5^6w^
Succumbs^to Attack of
THE v SAN FRANCISGO 2 iC^LLj; 4 SUND AY,' ji^PRII, 6, 1902.
24
; " , OCEAH' TRAVEL.
STEAMSHIP
SHAWMUT
10,000 Tons Capacity. Speed, 15 Knots.
SAILS FROM
PHILADELPHIA
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 21, 1932,
FOR
SAN FRANCISCO.
L0"W RATES. FINTEST SERVICE.
For Ratas and Space Apply to
ATLANTIC & PACIFIC CO..
Loading; Agents. Philadelphia.
Or to ¦ •'
'. THE CHAS. NELSON CO.. .
Ko. 6 CALIFORNIA ST.. San Francisco.
TOYO KM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. caUln* at
Kob« (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting- at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No careo received on board on day of
calling.
S3. HONGKONG MARU
I.-.Tuesday. April 15th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU..... Friday. May 9th, 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. June 4th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's otflcsv
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceamcs.sxo,iBi
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10, 10 a. m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. April 19, 2 p. nu
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
..Sunday. May 4. 10 a. m.
J. D. SPBICKELS 4 BROS. CO., General AjtS., 329 MarXK
Gei'l Pass. Offlce, 643 Market SL, Pier la. 7. Pacific si
PANAMA R. R. "KB?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. *40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll Sails May
S. S. Leelanavv. Sails May
From • Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Offlce, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent.
JLi UlflJCi- Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
Sails from Seattle about June 1st
San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred free to Seattle.
Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE, Agents, .
C»0 Market St., S. F.
C0XFA6NIB GEKESILS TRANS ATLANTIQC2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia ¦^ Ak '
Sailing evfry Thursday, instead of<H?^^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. »-Ka9i5eS*
North River, foot of Morton street. ' - ;
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. "GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franctsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
.A.noOBXt.XGAXS' XjXZVXI.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Phllad'pha.Ap.18,10 amiSt. Louts.. Apt. 30,10 am
St. PauL.Apl. 23. 10 amiPhtlad'pba.MayT.lO am
¦.-» NEW TORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Penhland..Apl.l4. 3 pin|Kens:ngton.Ap.23. noon
Vaderland..Ap.l6. noon|Zeeland...Apl. 30 noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
CHAS. P. TAYT.QR.G.A.P.C..SO Montcom'y st.
BAY AND v RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamers GEN.; FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
. 9:45 a.m.. 3:15 and. 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 nooa. 8 m. excla!
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4Tl5 p. m. 'f", M
cenU. Telephone Main 1408. Landing and
offlce. : pier 2. Mls«Ion-stre*t dock* HATCU
BROS. a * lt ' t »
At this season of the year when Nature is making a cs' 7 /^ : ¦Jgiif/^MWl^
supreme effort to purge the system of the impurities and *3 f [P JB\ I M^WzSk
poisons that have collected during the winter months a \mf^^^^^^MI I^^^^^Ml
vigorous and healthy appetite is needed to siwtain the body <^^^^Mi[lj^^^^§^^k
while this purifying process is going on, but this much Jj\ |/j£ -^^^^if§
desired helpmate is sometimes lacking,- for . even 'the . best . |BH^^^^^^
regulated appetite is apt to go Avrong now and become 1M
unreliable and fickle, and has to be humored . and coaxed jSW f^^^S^^^^p^^^
to bring it back to that condition where all food is rel- 'jffllU'c^^S^^^^^^B^ ¦ •
islied and eating becomes a pleasure. '-< A hungry appetite '^^^f^^^SIH^^^^^W^
does not have to be feasted and feted," nor tempted with <^^^^^^^®*w|
dainty viands and delicacies. The plainest fare will ¦^^[Sln-
satisfy its cravings, while * a sickly and defective appetite^^^^^^^§^^\QS^ $£? C K fj .
will turn with. loathing and disgust from the most sv^^Y-^^^d^^r/fT^i^^'i) I fc M\\\
tuous banouet. ¦ ¦ .:¦¦#;-• : ... ¦,••.¦¦'• t*<^ ' 2^*u*\2 % v " v !nl^»i^^S.
Various methods are. adopted to, coax Vback' the lost "" , ;^t l#
appetite. The Liver is ; prodded with pills and the : Stomach idrenched with cheap tonics ;> and
bitters/ but these only produce a morbid or variable appetite; ravenous one day and sickening
at the bare thought of food the next. >; • • v ;
S. S. S. is the.icLeal Spring Tonic and coaxes an appetite when nothing else can. It is
v not only a perfect 'appetizer and exhilarating
Chief Justice of the Supreme tonic,. but contamsTalsoJtti^pro^rtie^^^Kul
Court of Georgia. K^^S^^^^^^J^SMP^S'^^^
- , richness and tone, withput wHich perfect aigestion
The members of the Swift Specific Company and assimilation of food is impossible, and the
have been known to me personally for twenty- result is dyspepsia with all its distressing symp-
five^years, all being prominent citizens of our. toms^capricious ' appetite, linnammatidri^: fullness
state, of the highest business and social and heaviness in stomach; nausea, dizziness, and
I standing. r "-\ ., ...'¦. worst of all insomnia and nervousness^ • .•¦
¦ Having used S.S.S. with most beneficial re- . S.S.S. in thus purifying and invigorating
suits, I unhesitatingly recommend it to all need-, the^ti^^
I inq a blood purifier and tonic. blood circulating.
T. J. SIMMONS, Atlanta, Ga.,: .through; tlie^ system it is fully prepared 5 for the
• * - '¦ ¦ c -k^ n g es . wliich take place during, the. Spring. If
there are any defects or weak spots; ih)tt^ej'cbnstitutionj^ apt to develop ; as: warm
weather comes on, and- diseases that Have/lain '^dormant all? Winter^^Vsoime^to'theisurface."
To prevent this ; S. S.; S. j should be .' jgun at once, sbtHat' the 'germs and 'seeds of 'disease .may ;
be destroyed, and the poisons and 1 acids in' the, blootfantidoted'and:: neutralized
torpid or inactive state, then, with- strong, v^althy blood and ' ¦v:^y-^(\^"-.': ¦ ';-- ;¦¦.-- . ; '- : ;
a free and active circulation the; machinery of rlif e ! moves on J^"" 1 "^^ : '> -^""""'^Si /;^ Byu ~*^--
wj t: K yig° r an d regulVrity, and. not only : a ?g6od' appe^ CC?** '
assured, .but sound ; digestion and sleeps ;rS.S.S:A^^V::^i^^V V^^^il^ l V^
for that a
condition !'• so. common at .this season of the lyeiir,^ and'the ¦:-{l»^^j^^^C?^^/^is5?^y; i
benefits : derived from its : imz are • real and: permanent? " In """'"^V U^T •
S.;,S. S:- Nature has provided- the jbest' blobd^rifieV and safest tonw
mmerais # ;wnatever, is ;guaranteed, purely Vegetable; Write i our pnysi^
fo^? tlon ;°^ medl cal. advice w^tedv;^
diseases mailed free. ' ' XHEPS'Wii^hr n^P'sTr*firir* te*c>' : • ;sr A"'Viai : i% : #i>"'-*sr % iL-> •¦¦'-¦
OCEAM" TBAVEIw ¦ I _ .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
IN/-- a Stsamers leave Broadway
Bv. -Wharf. San Francisco:
R^y^ ' For Ketchikan. Juneau.
hIBBWs»»_ Skaguay, etc.. Alaska — 11
Bf'nSSriSA a- m.. April 0. 11. 16, 21.
raS«VW - 6 - Ma y 1 - Change to com-
' pSBr^rJin^ pany's steamers at Seattle.
MsaEBSHgAS For Victoria. Vancouver.
I if- Port Townaend, Seattle. Ta-
¦ . coma. Everett, New What-
com— 11 a. m." April 6. 11. 16. .21. 26. May 1.
Change at Seattle to this company s steamers
for Alaska ar.d G. N. Ky.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
April 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. May 2.
For Los Angeles (via. Port Los. Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Spokane. Sundays. 9 a. m.; State of California,
Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa. Cruz. Mon-
ttrey. San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Port" Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport ('Santa Crus only).
,• Coos Bay. 9 a. m. t April 12. 20. 23. May 8.
• . Santa Cruz. 0 a. m. (freight only). April 8,
16. 24.
For Ensenada, I Magdalena. Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further ftnformatioa obtain ' folder.
Right ~ is Reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates. *
TTCKET OV3TJCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). "" : . . - .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
• 10 Market at., San Francstco.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A; DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
Only $60. Including meals and berth.' for the
round trip. • on board the Paclflc Coast . Steam-
fhlp Co.'s steamer CURACAO. leaving- SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th. due back April 27th.
calling at ENSENADA. MAGDALEN A BAT.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA. LA PAZ, SANTA ROSALIA and
GUATMAS. Mexico. . '
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE, 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace 'Hotel), or 10 Mar-
' ket street. .- San Francisco. . "
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
* — -FOR—
LEAVE J SEATTLE, '
SENATOR .' .......v... ...JUNE 1
VALENCIA ... JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during; the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN
leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 31, re-
' spectlvely, connect with above steamers. Tha
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap • or ¦ delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Genl. AicenU
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.#?.«S TV. COi
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points Eastl Through Tickets to . All
Points, all Rail. or, Steamship and Rail, at
.. . IiOwxist :aATsa.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails... April 13 23 Hay 3 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails. ...].. .'..„;. .
" ••-'¦ ••• .............April 8. 18. 2*>. May 8
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Mo'ng'y.S.F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Aihericana fa Vapores
To Valparaiso,' stopping at ¦; Mexican. Central
and South American ports. -Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m. -
COLOMBIA' . .April -11 [GUATEMALA. Apr. —
TUCAPEL . . . April 10IPALENA .... . .May —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servtce."-
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 310, California street. , "
.;; BALFOUR. GUTHRIE St CO.. Gen. Acenti.
I = STERLING FUBNITUBE===
They're Particularly Comfortable.
Curved arms,' broad backs and upholstered seats— they couldn't
be anything else but comfortable. Good looks, too. Deep engrav-
ing and rope spindles. • ;
YOUR CHOICE OF UPHOLSTERY.
Silk tapestries., wool tapestries, embossed leather, . plain leather,
and the pretty odd bits that accumulate in the cutting room. h
YOUR CHOICE OF FINISH.
Golden oak finish on elm or mahoganized birch.
? EVERYTHING FOR THE HOME. ?
. We'd be glad to have you open an account with us.
You can make the payments to suit your convenience. I
.O ; ; ; ; ¦ 6
Sterling Pvrniture
1039 MARKET STREET, OPPOSITE McALLlSTEfi.
AD VERTISEIVTENTS. . ¦ • »: J_ .J .
The First OnTwill Be Felt
To-morrow Morning.
Tha City Will No Doubt Be
SJiaken From Center to Cir-
cumference.
Beth New and Second-Hand
Pianos Are Offered at Such
Prices as Will Completely
Upset the Retail Piano Trade
of the City. .;
Duririg the past week we have taken in
trade several second-hand upright . and I
square Piancs that we are offering- this j
week .at, rk'icu'ously iow prices. They j
must, so.' and go quickly, too, for we are j
compelled to make room for the immense i
number of new Pianos how arriving. In J
addition to these, we shall continue the
cut prices on standard makes, as adver- i
tised in The Call last Sunday. - j
BEAO\FivriND '
We. will soil you a- most- elegant largest
cabinet grand size upright Piano, In either
fancy mahogany or mottled walnut cases,
Pianos that have been sold regularly here-
tofore for not less than $450; we will sell
them now at the special price of J2S6 each.
No more is asked — no less will be accept-
ed— ?2&6 to all alike. 3 per cent off for all'
ciis-h; or $25 down and $10 a. month.
These remaining: regular $300 Pianos,
brand new ones, should ail find buyers this
week at the specially low advertised
priced. S1SG and $183. These Pianos are the
same as those for which other dealers
ask |3!J0. '
SECOND-HAND SNAPS.
. A Grovesteen & Fuller upright Piano, in I
ebony case, good condition, fine tone, $100
— SS cash and 54 per month.
A Mcrris upright, in good repair, splen-
did tone. ?S7 — SS down and $4 per month.
A .Young square Piano, in first-class
condition, good tone, $75 — $7 down and $3
p^r month..
Emerson square. 530—55 down and $3 per
month:. a splendid practice Piano.
Checkering square, a. fine little Piano for
the children, $35— your own terms. -
Remember, every instrument you pur-
chase from us is .fully guaranteed by the
manufacturer and we countersign the
guarantee.
We also keep all Pianos in tune free the
first year.
Dcn't forget the number. 653 Market
street, opposite the Lctta Fountain, just
below Kearny street, is the place. POM-
MEPUBILKRS MUSIC COMPANY, the
New Era Piano Store. < - . - . '
_ : &»
-'.(%aitdpii
"WHITE SEAL"
...AND...
Brut Imperial
Celebrated Vintage of 1893.
UNSURPASSEDJN QUALITY.
The tremendous increase of 252,4.32
bottles in the importation of Moet &
Chandon during the j-ear 1001 speaks
volumes for the excellence of Moet &
Chandon White Seal. — ''Bohfort's Wine
and Spirit Circular."
VNLLIAV.* WOLFF & CO.
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS.
' 216-15 Mission street. S. F.
J ; : Supplies All i
B EYE GLASSES M
[ J with Antiseptic Nose Grips, jj i
M made of vegetable fiber and \ '<
L| camphor, guaranteed non- H •
EH cancerous, and do not i
PRiCIS MODERATE-'.
vw 64 2 'Market StJ&
Missouri Pacific Limited
The Finest Service to the
-East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railv/ay.
Through Sleepers Daily.
San Francisco to St Louis.
r«wsor.a.Iir conducted <xeanslons Yia this
route to Chicsxo. Kew Tork. Bostcn and all
Ea* tern polctc For berth reservatloa and full
icfcrtsaUcn addreaa
• .1* M^ FLETCHER.
FaclOc Coast Asent.
JJC Cai:TcmsIa. «t-. San Francisco. CaU
FOR OVER 'S1XTY^YEAR3
AR CLD AND- WELL-TRIED'* REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOVV.*> fcOOTHING feYttUP
has • been used -ior'- ever .SIXTY' TEAKS by
M1LUOXS of MOTHEBS for their CHILDREv
WH1I-E TEET«XN«. r WITH PERFECT SUC- '
CESS. IT SOOTHES the. CHILD. SOFTENS,
the GUilS. ALUI'S *U PAIN r CURES WIND
COLIC. an<J, 1«. U»e; best- remedy -for DIAA.
T'.HOSA. Sold.bjr'iUrUTgiFts' la every part of
ihe trorid. Be rure jmd a«k for
MRS. : "WINSLOVV'S SOOTHING SYEUP
AICD ; T AXE * NO OTHEE KIND.
Twgnty-jPIre Centsa tlottie.
¦¦- -.-.•¦ ;-_¦¦¦ >, "- - ¦ • ¦ ... H '• ••
t'OTely vegrelaKe. nnld and * reliable. ¦ Causes
><-i dieestion. '-complete •• absorption and
JitJul re«u^rtty. . *.-;¦!.' - r "T ¦¦!•'¦• ; , -.. • '
Fcr^the cure et all <UsoTder* 'of the Stomach.
Liver,*; Bowel*. iKIdueys. Bladder,. Female Ir-
r»Kular!ties. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
fUpav.cn, Piles and all derangement* of the
Internrl Viscera, 25c a' box. At Druggists, or
Vv roalL RADWAT & CO.. -New Torlt
""' ' ¦WM^ssssssJBsMBt' 1 — ' - , ¦ ¦ • *" fc *»— ff-T^tK^tHc J
¦ • . -gamMay Deliver Liquor in Kansas.
; TOPEKA, Kans.', April 5.— According to
;a. decision made by. the Supreme Court to
day express agents may deliver liquor in
C. O. D. packages without violating the
prohibitory, law. A District Court of the
State had held that the act of the express
agent in delivering the liquor, sometimes'
to a fictitious address, amounted- to a di
rect sale. The Supreme Court holds it is
only fulfilling /the. ordinary functions of
an express company. •
evening had obtained af divorce from
Thomas Hopper, the pioneer capitalist, on
the ground of .cruelty. By. the terms of
¦?£,,nf r T ient ,' filed In th e office of t the
¦County Recorder later Mrs. Hopper re
2t M **' C v! ato u PO"herhu8ba«d's
property ana abandons the demand' upon
him for alimony. The decree granting her
a divorce directs . that Hopper pay $1000
attorney's fees, and it is understood she
gets a substantial sum in addition for
'abandoning: her claim. ¦ •
MRS. THOMAS HOPPER
GRANTED A. DIVOBCE
Wife^cf the Santa ' Rosa Capitalist
it :V Keli nquishes Her Claim for
Alimony.
In a frantic struggle toward the exits
the pressure toward the upper portion cf
the western terrace" was so great that r a
hundred feet of the highest j part of the
structure collapsed under the weight of
the crowd driven upon It, precipitating
the mass of people to the ground, sixty
feet below. The injured were piled in
heaps, wedged in with broken wood.
The onlookers hesitated to approach the
dangling structure at first, but finally be
gan to utilize portions of the broken bar
riers as stretctaprs. A .hundred, of the
most seriously irijured were carried to the
pavilion, and to spaces in the rear of the
stands. " *
v-A majority of the victims are suffering
£hS. : " " rIbs ' and fraciu red limbs.
ThnL S ° m T EU6taln^ internal injuries.
Those most severely hurt were later re-
Te li e n r? b ff UlanCeS *° ln «™aries. and
me lesser sufferers were sent in cabs to
? tTSSvJP a V hS lnJUred --"not^ke 0 
dotn.n7! A f ew P ers °ns were thrown
down and trampled upon in- trying to es
char Jd r0Ir h , the CrUSh w hen • the 5 polL
Sined ihS <T S « ° f tho vlctIma 8US -
UmSe JUrICS ? ° the 'all of the
When the game began 70,000. spectators
were on the ground and an immense
crowd had gathered outside. Being un
able to obtain admittance, this crowd
broke down some of the barriers -. and
swarmed upon the field, whereupon the
police charged and drove the intruders
back upon the terraces and seats, I with
the result that the railings . dividing the
crowds were broken and the people were'
thrown over each other. / •
\ GLASGOW, April 5.— The -'straggle' .of
thecrowds which gathered at IbroxPark
lo-day to witness the last international'
association football contest between teams
from England . and Scotland caused I the
collapse of a portion of one, of the spec
tators' terraces. Five persons are already
dead, twenty will die in a few hours and
more than a hundred are seriously in
jured. ' •".":-• ¦ .
Crush ofv Spectators at a
Football Game Causes :
Disaster. - }i "^
Five Persons Dead and
K Twenty Are Dying ;
i -- in Glasgow. /.
HUNDREDS FALL
WITH A TERRACE
..A' shipyard at Ominato,' Japan, still in
operation," was established 1900 years ago.
' Frohman has secured the
'American rights of "The Country Mouse,"
by.: Arthur Law, now running successful
ly at the Prince of. Wales Theater. , Froh
man also ; secured from Captain | Marshall,'
the author of "The. Second In Command,"
his new play, which will" be produced "at
the - ' Haymarket Theater next * October.
Frohman Isalso planning Maude, Adams'
season in London, beginning September,
1903, and commencing with the production
of ' "L'Aiglon,"' but as. many preliminary,
announcements of Miss Aaams' approach
ing : appearance 'have not • been followed
by, her . debut here, Londoners : are becom
ing skeptical of seeing her. / ' ... -/.
' ; Mrs. 'Brown-Potter's much-heralded,ap-.
pearance as Calypso in , "Ulysses"" at ' her
Majesty's. Theater scarcely- justified • the
preliminary fuss..; The critics are not very
enthusiastic over her rendering 1 of "the
part.' They think her •. predecessor," Miss
Nancy Price, was 'a; better Calypso.
' "Any capable hack, playwright -oould
have put together a better setting for the
features of the story, and we ; should', be
spared< the unedlfylng mixture of religious
elements with that particular kind - of
melodrama which has its home at Drury
Lane." - *TffM MffiiiSraWiWtlital-MitefWBffi
I LONDON, April 5.-"Ben Hur." which
;was produced at the Drury Lane Theater
last Thursday evening, Is not likely, to
achieve success here until it is remodeled.
The lack of skill in dealing with religion
is sti - ongly condemned by the newspapers,
and caused a great; deal of "booing"-and
hissing on the opening nightl . The general
opinion is that the play should end with
the chariot j race.' . This is well voiced In
the-London Times, which says: •
"Ben Hur" on the London
Stage Js Severely
CRITICS UNITE
IN CONDEMNING
4.EL ' PASO, iTex., > April ; 5.— The Ibody /of
one" of jthe " two boys 'who : were killed •¦ on
', the ;tracks 'of Houston; and
San : ; Antonio % Railroad,':' March , >26, /. at
; Ysleta, f, was \ exhumed • to-dayj and ; identl-"
i fled ; by^ C.-i S.^. Graves- of Los ' Angeles, i Cal. , :
'as ; Bruce "Hughes ;'of that ;city> The ; body;
was 1 by ¦,the;*inltiala' ; "B.V H,'.'
tatooed - in India ink ; on?^ one " '¦ arm. .
Body, of . a Boy Killed on a /. Baii
- road » Track Is ' Iden
LOS /ANGELES YOUTH ,, ; ,
'¦ ¦ v ; : : : •': '^,'ONE V OF THE : VICTIM3 '
Gage's Friends to the Bescue.
SAN JOSE, April 5.— The Santa Clara
County Fish and Game Association, ', which
two weeks ago refused honorary. member-.
The ; Nationalists 1 have begun ; a 1 spirited
campaign I and ; are ¦ actively, stumping ithe
'country. "•..Their ; leading; spirit, "the writer,
Jules Lemaitre'/ is very, sanguine, . predict-;'
Ing,, a". majority.' for .his; party M)f eighty.
He gives " as \ the .' chief ' plank in . the . re-*
visionlst^ programme a"; change/- inv,the v 
method: of /electing, the President.^' He. ad-'
,vocates,the election "of ithe 'Chief»Magis
trate*; by a , "system similar, to", the United
States.' ! f The -jChlef : Executive,' r he , sa> s,'
would i thus become the chief . man , of ; the
nation,- instead *of . now,' as , the . prisoner* of
the '¦'. parliamentarians^ '/ ¦; ' ". ' :
An : initial note | has been; struck I by the
Woman's Suffrage '< League, which ha.^ is
sued. "'¦•'a ¦". pink! illustrated \ placard,* repre
; senting f a man [ standing beside a ballot
box,- politely bowlng.'to a woman, and
asking, her .to vote first."; An appeal; for
female suffrage, ; signed iby the , writer/
Habertlne'Auclert, r and other advocates of
women's rights,' is Y being : circulated. ';-'.'.¦
'¦ ; Auclert, in <&- published : interview, says
that France ere long .will- have- to follow
the .example of f/ America,: in, several of
whose States .women have . equal political
"rights with men. , " . • ' . ; . ; .
¦-.* The. Ministerialists I express confidence
that they will be 'victorious in' the elec
tions". Baudin," Minister of Public, Works;
Leygues, ¦ Minister. 1 of ¦ Public ;" InstrucUon
and. Worship, 1 -. and ' De Lanassan, MinlsjAr,
of, Marine, j appear to be the/ only I mem
bers of the Cab'iriet whose positions' seem
insecu re. .;< Waldeck-Rousseau; - the . Pre
mier, Iwill". remain; in "Paris, from which
point , he can engineer the ; wHole Minis
terial; campaign. He can ; exert, thrpugh
the > prefects,* telling Influence in ' : aid, of
;the Governmental « candidates;.
V "• Paris I has ¦ become a ' paradise for ¦ bill
posters and- every j available, wall', space
M:cms already. to have been, covered wHh
multi-colored electoral posters. .• The'com r *
mbn trick of candidates of . printing /their
declarations upon tri-colored paper'Vhas
been stopped this year -by^'a" decision "of
Parliament prohibiting Y the use of the
national colors.* Offenders are liable to a
flne of '. 50 francs' for. each breach . of this
regulation.' . The custom which has hith
erto* prevailed .; of : smothering/national
monuments under a hideous? coating 'of
election bills has \ also , been prohibited. ;
.Thursday, was the first day for the dec
larations of candidacy, at the ,various- pre-.
f ectures, /and "upji to yesterday ;no ; fewer
than a thousand candidates had present
ed themselves. : There are 179 candidates
for the" forty-six seats representing Paris
and the Department' of the' Seine. ., '. f •_
, PARIS,* , April " 5.— France > has .entered"
into the throes of an election period. Im
mediately: after, the J session: closed \ on,
Sunday ¦ the members of, the ; Chamber . of
Deputies . lef t ¦" Paris for their ; respective
constituencies; and are already, engaged
in canvassing - and making, addresses to
the electors.. • \» ¦ . . . '
Deputies Are Very Busy.
With Speeches to
Constituents.
STOCKTON, April 5.— The fight "over
the Stockton Postmastershlp goes for
ward merrily, with both of the candidates
apparently, confident of-; winning. The
Mail announces the - latest coup • to-day,
jwlth the report, that the friends of Nelson
jEent ex-Congressman Louttitt on .to
(Washington a- week ago to labor In be
thalf of the incumbent and against Phelps^
•who has the backing . at Congressman
rWoods. -.;- . -
JLouttitt Versus .Woods.
ELECTION TIME
THRILLS FRANCE
ship to Governor Gage, last. night placed
the State executive on •: the merit Ust.: 'At
the previous session Gage - was 'turned
down on the ground that he had" done
nothing for*the. game (interests, but last
night there was an ' unusually ' large at
tendance ;ot: Gage 'men' arid 'they rescued
the Governor's name from the, mire in
which it had been buried.
¦ . • . -. A*^. .
Changes In Philippine^BiH.
WASHINGTON,rAprH;.3^THefllepiibn
can members of the House. Insular Com
mittee practically completed, the Philip
pine civil .government bill to-day and a
print of the revised measure will be sub
mitted to the Democratic - members next
week. As now changed the bill reduces
the number of Philippine Commissioners
to the United States from three to two.
The civil government plan and the gold
standard coinage are preserved as framed
some time ago. A change Is made in the
friar lands section, by which the .Philip
pine Commission will determine the meth
ods of opening these lands to homestead
ers. •
Graves came here in search of his run
away son, who was. with the boys a few
days before their tragic end. The other
boy killed was identified a few days ago
p.s Vernon Johnson of Abilene, Tex/ Chief
of Police White has received letters from
anxious mothers all over the • country,
who ; wanted descriptions of - the -dead
boys.'*; ' ¦ . . -. ¦¦'¦.: .-•:.
John A. Hull, son of Representative 'Hull
of Iowa, was confirmed as a major in " the
judse advocate general's department.
WASHINGTON, April .5.— The adverse
report on the nomination of Captain Wil
liam B. Crozier.'to be i chief of , ordnance
came up in?the Senate. in executive;ses
sion i to-day v and Senator . I^odge Vasked
that It go over, suggesting > that a i vote
would no doubt disclose ; the fact v that
there was no quorum present and that jio
action could be .taken.' It went , over"un
til Monday.- -..„, :V-i' '.-"¦¦.. .¦¦'.>-S- ¦'¦.'-' );'¦:¦/.¦'
Action About Crozier Postponed:
BISBEE; Ariz.,' April 5.— George Ward,
son of a commission merchant of. I>6s An
geles, met a' serious accident while' at
tempting to board a freight train just out;
of Naco Junction. The train was running
too fast . for him and . he"" \ failed to get
aboard. : He was dragged 300 feet.'.a wheel
passing over his left leg between; the knee
and ' ankle.' Amputation : .was ' necessary.'
Ward'8 relatives > are said to ¦ be - wealthy.
About four weeks; ago Ward: and, his
father quarreled and. he came to Arizona'.
He is 22 years old. .
Mangled' by Train .Wheel.
SAN. JOSE, April 5.— The City Council
has passed an ordinance creating, the of
fices of boiler inspector and an examining
board of engineers. Hereafter all sta
tionary engineers must be licensed. The
ordinance was adopted at the Instance .of
the Stationary Engineers' Association.
Engineers to Be Licensed.
' STOCKHOLM, Sweden, April S 5.—Wil
liam M. .Thomas Jr., the United States
Minister here, has just sent to the United
States his check for over $500,. represent
ing the contributions from the Minister
S^nd others in Sweden and Norway toward
the erection at Canton, Ohio, of the na
tional memorial -to the late Presldent-Mo-
Kinley. There is no "American colony at
Stockholm and. the United States Minis
ter has raised this sum chiefly among the
diplomatic and consular . corps' of Sweden
and Norway and among friends ,of Amer
ica at Stockholm. :. ' ":-¦.,. - ¦, :
Foreign Coin for the Monument.
Cruz, treasurer; J. A. Trescony of San
Lucas end E. Myron Wolfe of San Fian
cisco. The work of. restoration will riot
begin until after the meeting of the Na
tive Sons' Grand Parlor, on April 28, in
Santa Cruz, at which time the lease to
the Custom-house will be formally turned
over to the State by the Native Sons and
the funds appropriated by the last Legis
lature will thereby become available.
MONTEREY, April 5.— The commission
appointed by Governor Gage to supervise
the restoration of the historic • Custom
house held its first official meeting this
afternoon and elected the folio wing ; nfS
cers: Mayor R. F. Johnson of Monterey,'
president; W. C. Little of Pacific Grove,
secretary; Hen. Frank Mattison of Santa
To Ecstore Old Custom-House.
: WASHINGTON. April 5.— The following
confirmations by .the Senate 'Were mail",
to-day : Postmasters : Calif ornia—N. B.
Stanton, Avalon; R. ..B. Stephens, South
Pasadena; G. M. Francis, Napa;.\V. ! W.
Montague, San. Francisco ; K. M." Summer
field. Santa Monica. The Senate alsocon
firmed.a number. of army and ¦ navy, pro
motions, including those- which were heid
back while the chief 3 of the staff bureaus
were being considered. These Include the
following: Judge advocate general, with
the rank ! of tbrlgadler general— Colonel
Thomas F. Barr, Colonel J. W. Clous,
Colonel G. B. Davis. Chief of : engineers.'
with rank of brigadier general— Colonel H.
M. Robert, Colonel J. W. Bartow, Colonel
George L. Gillespie. . ' .
Senate. Confirmations.
The property in question formerly be
longed to A. C. Penniman, and- at the
time Dunham committed the murders and
became a fugitive he had a mortgage of
$1400 on the place. Later the Shesslers
obtained a, verdict for damages against
Dunham for the death. of their daughter
and attempted to collect the mortgage,
but the Supreme Court decided against
them. By statute of limitation the mort
rage Dunham held against the Penni
nans has been outlawed. Penniman re
cently disposed of the property to Sears.
end the suit is now brought for the pur
pose of clearing the title to the property.
Dunham's child is made a party to the
tuit because of the fact that he Is the
sole surviving heir of the murderer.
SAN JOSE, April 5.— A suit to Quiet title
to a piece of property in the Willows re
calls the six murders committed by Jame3
C. Dunham at Campbell in 1&96, as the
murderer of the' McGlincy family is made
one . of the defendants. Joseph Sears is
the plaintiff, and the defendants include
James C. Dunham, Samuel Boring, re
ceiver of Dunham's estate; Jacob and
Elizabeth Shessler, father and motherof
one of Dunham's victims, and Percy Os
borne Brewer, the son of Dunham. • • ..
C. Dunham.
Property Mortgaged to James
Action Brought to Quiet Title to
FUGITIVE MURDERER
DEFENDANT IN SUIT
How far J. Pierpont Morgan has gone
into the. financing of wireless telegraphy
could not be definitely ascertained Jast
night. - He is -now on the ocean en route
for Europe. E. Rollins Morse is one . of
the most prominent bankers in Boston,
who has recently come to New York. He
is closely, allied with- Morgan in many
iinan<%il matters. : .
"Stations are building," said Green, "at
Cape Cod, Cape Breton and Tampa, and
soon work will be started on the Pacific
Coast. . These latter stations will eventu
ally open up communication with Rus
sia and the Orient." ' '¦' '--a .>; .
Mr. Green when seen last night said
that the system might be in operation by
June. E. H. Moeran, Marconi's attorney,
confirmed this. -' .i'-r.- ¦ ¦ -- '
"The parent company is the London
company. This has sold no stock. It is
eimply.that the contract to use the Amer
ican rights has been made. The two com
panies will work in harmony. Cuba will
be the first station built. Work on con
necting stations will be begun as soon as
possible." ¦
"Yes, it --is: true;*!, said Marconi ; at 11*
p. ! m. at the dinner of the British Schools
and Universities-. at r the New York Ath
letic Club. "Willard R. Green has ar-*
ranged the transaction, , but back of Is
E. Rollins Morse, the banker. He is one
of the J. Pierpont Morgan group of finan
ciers. He has purchased the patents and
rights for the entire system for the
United States, Cuba, Porto Rico, the Dan
ish West Indies, Alaska, the- Philippines,"
the Hawaiian Islands and all waters ad
jacent to them. He has organized a.com
pany with $6,000,000 capital.
NEW YORK. April 5.— The World says:
Marconi "will now have the aid of the J.
Pierpont Morgan group of financiers. It
was announced last night that a 56,000,000
company had been formed to finance the
American rights for wireless telegraphy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Morgan Group Takes an
Interest m Wireless
Telegraphy.
FINANCIERS AID
SIGNOR MARCONI
"The significance of my present visit Is
not personal. It emphasizes, the Interest
that most practical people in the world
take in the problem of a steerage airship
which will be the vehicle of future gene
rations." .
¦"The prospect of passing /under Brook
lyn bridge is fraught with greater danger
than is commonly, thought, but if real
ized it ought to go far toward demon
strating the managcableness of an airship
constructed on my system. | If conditions
are favorable I hope . to be able to . pass
over the heads of tho citizens of Chicago,
from which city, as well as from New
York, I have received most cordial
letters.
PARIS, April 5.— Among the passengers
railing on the steamer Deutschland from
Cherbourg to-day for New York was
Santos-Dumont, the ; famous Brazilian
aeronaut. He is enthusiastic, over the trip.
Before departing from Pans he said:
,;"I set mp face America ward to-day
with the happiest anticipations and with
confidence that I will learn "as much as I
will demonstrate in connection with air
ships. Though it. is my present intention
to remain only a few weeks I may revise
roy plans according. to circumstances. I
have every reason to feel confldent that
my St. j Louis trials will prove -successful,
as I have Introduced important modifica
tions * In the way - of shape and motor
weight in .my airship since I won the
Deutsch, prize.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KIMBERLEY, Cape Colony, April 5.—
The train bearing the body of Cecil
Rhodes, which left Cape Town on Thurs
day, arrived here to-day on its way to
Buluwayo, Matabeleland. The town was
In mourning and practically the entire
population marched in the procession past
the funeral car.
"In offering Americans and Germans in
due sments to go to Oxford, Rhodes had
a dual aim. First, putting the youth of
England in intimate touch with what he
termed the two most progressive nations
of the world, so that they might be
broadened and spurred to more strenuous
efforts; second, bringing the best speci
mens of Americans and Germans oh such
terms with the English people and cus
toms that they might become missionaries
of a better international understanding."
When the trustees can meet and ail the
preliminary details are settled, a request
will be made to several prominent Ameri
cans to form a committee to act In con-
Junction with the English body and as
sume certain . responsibilities, for which
the executors are palpably unfitted," 'both
by absence from the United States and
Ignorance of its "customs. " ; - -"
LONTK5N. April 5— The war In SoutH
Africa, politics and every topic usually o r
interest were forgotten to-day in the ab
sorbing discussion of Cecil Rhodes" will.
Regarding that extraordinary document,
some new facts have been ascertained.
The total of Rhodes* fortune is likely
to prove to be £5,000.003. or slightly under
that amount. The executors are JLord
Roscbcry, Earl Grey. Lord Milncr Alfred
Beit. Dr. Janeson, L. L. MIcell and B. A,
Hawksley, to vrhozn he bequeathed the
residue of his estate. They \rill divide
about £1,000,000 or £1.500.009 among them.
According to the terms of this legacy
the amount is to be divided during their
lifetime, but as each j legatee dies his
Ehs|e gees to a commejn fund until : the
surviving legatee becomes Its sole owner.
•Hence, one of the executors, the majority
of *rham are already enormously -wealthy,
vrill cne day inherit -what will then have
probably accumulated into nearly £2,000,
000. Ttie executors have unusually full
powers, and can construe and add to the
¦will as seems fit. Hence, the omission of
British Columbia, Nova Scotia and other
Canadian provinces from the list of schol
arships is quite likely to be corrected and
each province of Canada may be put on
the rcme footing as the American States.
One cf Rhodes' most intimate associates
cald to-day:
"He drew up his will in the same spirit
in which he approached all great under
takings. In his most Important tasks he
merely sketched the outlines and left us
to 111 in the details. His trustees ar«
given plenary powers. In the matter of
the scholarships, Rhodes saw the scheme
**as so vast that any attempt to too rap-
Idly lay down the lin«5 might result In
harm, so, beyond endeavoring to meet
the legal requirements, he tried to leave
the fulfillment of his plans to those with
whom, during his lifetime, he had fre
quently discussed them."
Regarding the American beqnests, the
fame cuthorlty said:
Airship Trip Under Brooklyn
Bridge Fraught With
Kimberley Mourns -Whem Re
mains "of the Statesman
Arrive.
Santos-Pumorit,.th*e Aer
onaut, Sails for This
: Country. . /
English men Contemplate
the Big Educational
Scheme.
WILL OF RHODES
EXCITES WONDER
PLANS VOYAGE
ABOVE CHICAGO
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
BY.' CABLE TO THE CALL.
: -FB-Ayciscpff ; ;19p2^
25
GBAPS-NTJTS.
SHORT AND POINTED.
The Food Was Grape-Nuts.
_____ \ . .
It helps one to know the kind of food
to select if they can learn the experiences
others have had.
"I consider it my duty to let you know
what Grape-Nuts Food has done for me.
I was suffering from dyspepsia and daily
Btomach trouble. After taking " many
kinds cf medicines without finding relief
I saw a. description of Grape-Nuts Break-
fast Food and began using It regularly,
and in loss than two weeks my indiges-
tion v.-as entirely gone. '
"Wlrcn I began using the food I weighed
135 pounds, I now weigh ICO pounds and
fed stronger than I have ever felt before.
Thanks and praise to the makers of
Grape-Nuts." Name and address given
Iff Postuxn Co.. Battle Creek, Mich,
ADVERTISEMENTS. v
Surprising Result?
A Simple 7 IntBrnal: Remedy
Ma^es/Remarkable Cures
v, of Catarrh.
People/whb.'haye used 1 sprays,- Inhalera, salves
and .washes >f or- catarrti and have found how
useless acid/;- inconvenient they » are, :_, will be
agrceabl/i's'urprlBed-iatfrejsuUs 'following th«
use of a /pleasant,, rMternal'. remedy In tablet
form; druggists everywhere admit that Stuart'*
'": . ' ¦ '.-•:¦...''. . ,." .•;..'..'¦ . .,--.". :. " '"'") i
Catarrh Tablets, which they sell at SO.c'jnts for
full .sized*- treatment," "Is/ the .safe«t, most ef-
fective and popular of all catarrh ' remedies.
/; Nearly -all cheap cougli mixtures and throat
lozenges contain opiates; these cheap medicines
give a temporary relief, ¦ especially with , little
children, by destroying , nerve sensation ; • the.
Irritation" in throat,' which causes ; coughing," is
temporarily removed. - : 'jiot, by 1 ; '• the
cause, I but by 'deadening the nerves of feeling
the • irritation i Is not felt ; although it '•', is still
there and will- pro jnptly.r 1 return, ft . ; ¦ ¦
Stuart's; Catarrh Tablet's Is the best remedy
, to remove . catarrhal pe<jretlon, whether In the
nose, throat or stomach, because they are com-'
po'sefl of ' wholesome antiseptics,- Blood; Root,'
Red Gum from Eucalyptus 'tree,*" etc. .When you
use. these tablets; you know what you are.put-
tlr.g into/your .system^nd are not taking chances'
with cocaine; opiates or! similar ' poisons found
in so many catarrh cures and cough medicines
¦ '.. Dr. • Rsmsdeny- In commenting • ; on . catarrli
cures,! says: "I-- can -heartily recommend
Stuart's ' Catarrh -Tablets,- because* they contain
no cocaine nor other dangerous drug Ground In
so . many advertised " catarrh • cures. • I.- "have
known of. -many^ cases of long-standing catarrh
of the i head . and.' throat . completely v cured
by .the? daily » use "of . these : tablets for several
weeks. 'y One case In particulars which I'could
! not reaiph with: an -inhaler or spray and where
the', catarrh: taused • dally., headaches and' 'a
noticeable lossvof hearing, was "entirely -cured
by this" harmless . but effective remedy."- -/•: •;
Dr. Walnwright says: "-"I never 1 hesitate to
prescribe Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for catarrhal
headaches, and catarrhal deafness because 1
know tbeTn^to'be' perf ectly < 6afe ". for ' child ' or
adult ¦ and ; have > seen ' many " remarkable • cures
, resulting from . their, regular dally UBe; because
they are' advertised and' sold In drug- stores il«
no* reason why any good physician should not
use ', them because , ..we; should seize .upon ¦ the
means ot. cure; wherever found.'.'. ,.<--.
,5i Stuart's Catarrh ; Tablets are especially valu-
able for catarrhal colds In children because they
are pleasant : to ,• the • taste and • may i be - used
freely to break up severe 5 colds 'and croup at i
. tba very beginnliig.1agtiMHMS||j
• . / . JOE EOSENBEBG'S. t , ¦¦ V'j^:"V"\^;^j6E' : KOSENBEBG'^''./ ; -^r^*.j"i^ : /- .. JOE. ROSENBERG'S. Y~ I JOE^BOSEUTEBG'S. " >'¦
: — — — "_* ' ' "', ' "' ' — ; ' *.' ' '" ' *'w " • "" ' 1" '""" •'"*"• — i— — — — -L- ! _: : -'_•""'•••-'- .-•¦«-¦• - .* I _¦ -¦¦¦¦.-..-¦ . . ¦
£k i 44-*tnni-li*t*a* n?^5 on bottom.'triramed with neat fresh lot of -EMBROIDERIES AND H
BiBE^S^^^S^^jK^yi^^x "~~^^^^^'S^^ AlLmLLlllIlJ (CsfflA wash braid, waist. lined, full LACES, suitable for summer dresse3 fj
HHaBMaaB^^^S^^^pO^^Mfcry^^^^ayjM^ ¦¦ *.*.* TT r>- * . - . WSfW length, good width. Regular and undermuslln?. allot which we havs H
w^ffi^^^'^^Rw/y wTrrTfflitTYvnhUf ''~ "*/** %i» JRwBw< cfe^^l ' * W' ' V"k • *-4 _\ Await You in Our '** i^ 3reaf l. all neivest patterns, strongr, H
l iejiiw^S»^^i\ : 7i&^f*?* l V Empire, shapes,' pxtra front iinely tucked, fly trim- ',V«*V LADIES* HANDKERCHIEFS — Made ll
Er3sa?^5j^^^»€IS§i»!™e4r€^TO8^^^^^^Wi«l *'**"" strong bones encased in' med with embroidery, new it Af of pood quality lawn, neatly hemstltche-u, H
pK*ptt!^^SagiB^aBfi : yB IrevsSB ?S«SjgSBaS|WtfgBl Z.S"'i •: r .ro.°^ 5 t extra heavy ' sleeves, fancy soft collar, with har,d-!nitialed, neat and inexpensivs. «
WX*~ ¦j'kw ¦Mt^«W/ pLk/and biue. Where t/0rS2tS. LOFSSIS. NEW FLORADORA COMBS are the ij
»*-' ,¦»-¦**-" w--' 1/ '-'"'"' -¦"¦ //'j^^-JWil ";•-:: we have-; one. good ,'offer- LADIES— Here Is a chance to o^ily things that keep the short hairs Eg
P& , - .. . -ff • I ¦ --. -_ < . r. ~-~~Si.^"¦ff -.-' -. ¦'¦"ias we have "many? other /' yfS buy a $1 25 corset for.......7oC -from flying or falling on the neck; they fj
i/A ¦ • - ' "."¦-¦--". ' . . ¦ . * - -¦ -'"¦'. ' . ¦ ' -*•-.. ' * B*~ i j'a I Vi ac^ T\y\»^l»*<y * ' 7 innKfl- 1 l/"*w tr Iti wTdl IuiIIlQCu ai.Cl Sin OO Lili j> - DulSucu a
13? v _ % ¦" ¦_¦¦ -^ «•«• - ' ' I • ~ . -• ¦ ;-' \ __^ .. - . - v **' ' C — - § SiA I DcSL DOUlug, f lncnes long in foAttii ?Hitfr lKritl T^rtt B/*mtr*h +h*' «r»^1r\ nr fl
g Hosiery, Tnat ; W ill -Wear, _ ... • > 39c- Insteaq or nc. t^ , wu\ £»<* : ; and w _ inches i long . m. pull the haIr as an lnferlor W( & 1(L y
I* -n^Sl-u TWENTY-FIVE ;Y EARS • We : have a " small :' assortment', of Wm i ow and medium bust; one of "A- novelty at the most reasonable gic. |
¦*?«££& HANDLING HOSIERY HAS. GENTS'; FLANNELETTE GOWNS tMt j|-fee\ the nicest summer corsets " " 25« H
1 •SffiW - TAUGHT US -ALL' THE DE- : .we are ranxious , to : Clear out '.before ; the fapSmade; color pink and blue. Sale O'Farrell-street Entrance. H
i^tgHP FECTS AND GOOD POINTS real- warm weather sets In. They are *s^ 3 jm R epu i ar pr^ ce " ot thls C nrset, . , „ .-¦¦•. fi
-V&t OF i«OSIERY. IT - HAS. made: of best: quality, striped Flannel- $1 *S; now ;..... ./T5c Another Comb SllTOriSC \\
"(^» TAUGHT US 'HOW THEY- ette= cuff /trimmed J sleeves, pocket;, full w ' ' " 7oL ituuul " W1UU oul H riit » U
H SHOULD:*,BE" MADE- TO '"length, 'good width. -Gowns we have. Df»7it Thfv if - Vnn Tan LADIES' SIDE COMBS. B
¦B Gn'E THE GREATEST 'always : sold for 75c. Our rapid-clearing tSWUl lllX2t 11 IUU VU11, jjiij^ made of very best quaJ- D
9 COMFORT TO THE WEAR-^price ............ »£y^ »»« ERECT FORM CORSET FOR 50c. H|}. fi SS? *£££ ™\ |
y.-^™£;^^^* ne^^ImrfealrdfS: I
black fancy lace ribbed taS i tT^K tTim ™ ed • to P. ne^ straight front steel; ers ask 50c for this comb. 1
the market at this price..... ........ .^5 C V LZi^-.-.- We have a most complete,! .' ' v y oUC TVl rk tV ol .-. W-.»« T«. C n^ nt Ui~x H
LADIES' HOSIERY, made of best i AmLJj^ . line > of : Muslin Underwear, "Wncfi 1x/titc#c *1t*xt PkocVi ATlOinerS, IlCrC IS i)Oinetlling ll
quality Maco cotton, good fast black, SSZSSs&r at prices that only a man- train VYaiM5 rresn • Wnv.f Tittle On-r H'
white foot, sure preventive of burning:- < r~~'^""^ ufacturer. such as we can Twice as Lona When Worn V/iih • lOUi lailXW l*Ii«d» s )
S?^£? ! lenfftht extra elastlc ' "'¦ r „ •';•« afford to r U , then i for -i,, " rm^asLong When Jor^ With the FERRIS WAIST/xnade of |
85c » now .....................25c Ladies'- Drawers, made of good quality . /^ PaiT 01 Shields. best Quality jean, with double row of M
.¦:¦¦ -¦•_.¦ -, - '-'. . muslin, tucked, deep flounce, trimmed A - *^. ,\.. ta P e »ewn buttons, also extra buttons B
For the I tttlp OnP? -¦ with- Insertion of good serviceable tor- Here, 13 something within attached to elastic to fasten the trou- H
lOf IUB Ullie UfleS. chanlace and finished with three-Inch K. A everybody's reach. ' sers on and which does away with susl H
CHILDREN'S VESTS.- high neck and lace edge.- Cost of materials would be I 3E»«CJ It's the new ALVA SHIELD penders: hose, supporters attached and H
long sleeves, made of the best Peruvian 'at least. 50c. Our price for -Drawers V»^<«*it/- — n ai ns °ok covered, warrant- made of best quality elastic with srood fl
cotton, Jersey ribbed, fleece lined, neck complete...". — 5Oc %/^y , ed washable and odorless. No strong lcop and button- waist with sun- M
and. front finished with washable silk . i< Sale • O'Farrell-street Entrance. . . tfrTT . '• wom * n that perspires freely porters attached. Only n(U»m
tape, medium weight, colors.natural and -lA* «-»' T«5««i;«>-''-T' should be without the shields In 'her , \ . * ¦ ¦ . V VH
I M ecru. Pants to match, same quality P\OYZ lrimmillg. • waist, whether cotton or silk. You will _-^ ". ¥„-* T nn u j|
as above. Little store with the small- . _ " .- r mhr n H( ,rv' mfl l r^**** find your laundry bill reduced just half. {&&£;»*» JUSl LOOK. {1
est pHce .:...............,...,..........23c /. r SS^S^ZSSSo tSi£Si ""f tWS P"^..................Pair. 1O c f^^^ J^r ,packa«. HAIRPINS |
i^ r _^' Extra. Extra. ffl®" Some Immense Ribbon Values. W*?* ot J*"«* |
JUST RECEIVED ANEW •§§% . Wor , th "c: now 8c FA^ c^vean^w lot of HANDSOME . a S es assorted p^n" inTo^.*. . S. i^c" |
HtSis^ i//lr* \ <: ? t ?r)RT\TT7 < 'v r r r>TT TVTTrav KC3 Xtfs. xss JAINL1! rtiiiJaUJNb that we bought from . -—72*- m
XSr]l, SFcet ebpatfS rfnvp? Srv^^SnmP Swril Now overstocked jobbing house It a lib- if W f> n ti i
llWl '-^•'kBKATED GLOVES. , jOUIS JWCIl HcW * eral discount. They are made of very . Al OJ UCIllS. fj
w •th. B ?5?S£^iov?SS^ I m> :%&?%Sl8^^o7ffi&Td& Just ih9 T/ "'^ f » She " mii ° «^* I
It is equal to any and better than most 4^59'- / ¦. For . the sum- J*fi»«*' P° lk adots; full five inches wide; all the . Waists. ¦ . ft
$1.25 'gloves. They are made of best mer trade, in every variety » P^^k "J!. eS tJn O //'' Ar T ibbon t hat is sold all LONG-SLEEVE COLORED CORSET II
quality picked lambskin, pique sewn. of color and mesh, at prices [IWM$ \ ° v " town for 40c and oOc. Our way of COVERS-.Made of best quality ftst ll
"Paris Point" stitched back, two-clasp, that will surprise the most / F+ftTX J selun & ; 19 C colored lawn, tight fitting, tucked front II
soft and durable, best fitting glove made economical. .: :v. ijLjJJ.IJW ' r\ '. W. * ? « ,. «. . " h ! sh n «ck. longr sleeves, neatly madeMi
at the price. $i. 0 () Thl3 , wee k we have new , Bonnet Pms at Hall Price. el inf vsean l s v n^ a raw , w' to b^ H
. Pearl Buttons. '^^S^'f^^^SS^S^S^S^^^^^^^^X
? e»^ffi^K ;^sss^!S ;°i;:!-.-;^!^;s S Si'^ i
'Mff^^StrMM inp ROSF NRFRH 81 f KET street, ii^r-s^jg i 5sa%jijt
SAFETY PINS-Very best quality. JUUL g B II fj L 5 \ U L 1 1 U Running through to 17 O'FarroH. trimmed with five- insertions of nne'M
teS^i^S^^^S; : 'Mail. Orders Sollcltei.- ! , /v PHELAN BUILDING. ¦ S^^uSf^^S^n. 0^ dust I
M » rt » M « TO^iMriiwiuii«M— .— i'ii mi ¦¦iiwi wmij jl iijioi 1 'imwil'/:':_ ' '_! ..iB ¦ j' n'li ii in" ' ' "' " '' ' ' '""' '" '"' " ' ''''•''¦' -' ' : '"'''"¦' - • "" '• mone y •••.,••............. •••82 45y
J@**9js Jong$ Jlongis jtfmgS J@>ng35
Ate recognized by those who
. use them ; to be the .best prs- . , -
iotlO'S . serves put up anywhere. Get ' iojlQ'S
a jarl .Notic2' the rich natural -. \ "
color of ¦". the fruit. Examine
dose'.y.t he delicious flavor
V» '¦_ /-'- you ".will^join in the opinion /ex- ; W
c^"^^^. pressed by thos: who appreciate . '^4>L'
/'¦....¦.,..;- ., •¦•. a perfect "prisrrve. .- : ..-. ¦¦-¦¦
' PRESERVES ..:'-~mgg& W^k
//Lff/jto ' ARE THE' BEST." ¦- HgilSiiii ¦ III IlilSiSl ¦
/anas which they can rcc- !lS^^^^^ail
/gngS Lon^ Symp Refining Co. i ;
Solid; Oak t Dresser,; double i
top v and, beveled i French' plate •
I ; . mirror; 24x30 inches,', $11.00. ; "/,
¦:, .- : ; If ; you > are / refitting .your •
•? home with new furniture,- car- '¦ ) .
• / pets,' ') curtains : or/; ; v draperies - ' ;
, yqu : ought to , see our' stock .
> and learn our pfices/V
4 ; CO,,
: : ; .-T 338-342 POSTJSTREBT,, ; - ;
fir-'t'/; '•'•'¦'¦ Opposite', Union; Square! - '-'^AMERICAN. SHIP, WELL KNOWN IN THIS PORT, .WHICH WENT ASHORE
INSAPIS STRAITS, AND AFTER BEING' PULLED OFFIIf A LEAKING:
CONDITION WAS BLOWN FROM ANCHORAGE AND DISAPPEARED.
SUNDAY, APRIL C.
• TELEGRAPHIC.
•POINT LOGOS, April 5, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind S, velocity 6 miles per hour.
¦ '•¦' DOMESTIC PORTS.
. PORTLAND— Arrived April 5— Stmr Colum
bia, from San ' Fj-ancisco. - ' . .:
Sailed April 5— Stmr Luella.'for
San. Francisco."- ;. ..-
SEATTLE— Arrived April 5— Br "ship Sena
tor, from Greenock. . ¦
" Sailed April 5— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway:' stmr City, of Topeka, for Skagway;
stmr. Farallon, for Skagway. ,' ¦ • : .
¦' Arrived April &^— Stmr Progreaa. from' San
Francisco. . ". , _ - | - -
. EUREKA— Arrived -April- 5-^StmW Eureka,.
North Fork' and" Iaqua, hence : April' 4; schr
J G .Wall,- hence • March -23. ¦ •. ¦ i • ¦- • •" ¦•¦-"'¦ :
TRINIDAD— Arrived April J>— Stmr Homer,
hence 'April <3.' v .. ,\
CRESCENT CITY— Salled\ April J>— Stmr
Westpcrt, for San Francisco. ¦ ' ¦
To sail April C — Stmr Crescent City, for San
Francisco. . '•¦ . ¦¦¦;..¦ • . •: ...«•
NEAH BAY — Passed in April 5— Stmr Pro
greso,.hence.April 2, for Seattle.
•ASTORIA— Arrived April 5- Stmr Columbia,
hence. April 1 3;. Br, shin Speke., from Sydney/
April 4 — Bktn Gleaner._henee March 20.—:
: Sailed April f> —^Br ehip : Inchcape Rock, for
South. Africa: .Br ship Star of Germany, for
South 'Africa. ' . - - ; ¦ -¦>- •• •
• TACOMA — Arrived . April 5 — Schr . Glendale,'
hence -March .23; stmr Tacoma,' from Hong
kong: stmr Queen, hence April 1.
•Sailed ; April 5 — Stmr Queen, for San Fran-
Cisco: stmr City of • Topekn.' for Skagway. •
Arrived April '5— Stmr Edith, from fishing;
stmr Czarina, . from San .Francisco.
Sailed : April 5— Stmr Elihu Thomson, for
"l iimii' ii nniMra*iitMi^itiiin|T^^ i ji|>wiWi|Jiijj.
ORAl'S HARBOR— Sailed April 4— Stmra
Grace Dollar and ¦ Sequoia, for ¦ San Francisco.
-Arrived • April 4 — Schr;; Fannie Adele. ,- henct-.
March 26: s-hr A B Johnson, hence March 26;
schr. Laura Madsen. 'hence March 22."
BOWENS LANDING— Railed * April ' 6— Stmr
Redwood City. fnr^San Francisco. • .
PORT TOWNSENDr-Possed In AnrllR— Br
ship- Senator. -from: Greenock; Ital bark Mac
dlarmld, from • Vancouver: - schr : Bainbrldge,
from Callao.- ¦ : .... ...
COOS BAY — Sailed April 5 — Stmr Arcata.
for San Francisco. - • . ;
- Arrived 'April . 5— Stmr Alliance, 'from As
toria." : " ¦ ::¦ -
. Arrived April 5-^-Stmr Signal,- hence April 3.
91 REDONDO— Arrived April 4— Stmr Despatch,
from ¦ Port Madiron. ¦ . \ •'. ,
•BANDON— Arrived April 5-^Schr Corinthian,
hence March. 28. ¦"" • •' .- '. .
> TILLAMOOK— Arrived April 4— Stmr South
Coast, "• hence ' April '-.1: - • -
:-.-¦ ' - -' r FOREIGN^ PORTS.
-. AKYAE— Sailed "> Feb? 22 — Br stmr Queen
Adelaide,- for' ; — ¦ — .' ' ""..'. .¦¦¦¦': ; *•:.'¦ ¦
. . COLON— Sailed '. April' 3 — Stmr -Advance, . for
New Yorlz. .
. FALMOUTH— Sailed Anrll 2 — Br ship Ellis
land, for Fleetwocd. : .- '• •*>.
¦: QUEENSTOWN— Sailed : April ,4— Br ship
Falls of Halladale.^for/Grimsby.' -.: .;,
-Arrived .-April 5-^-Br. -ship- Hinemoa, hence
Dec24. ¦.'¦.¦: * ' '.. . ' . ¦, ;
Per Kalulani. from Honolulu, April 6— April
3,i 207- miles' W of San Francisco, saw' a four
masted ship with house amidships, painted
lead color. ¦» :steBsaEftiai«i*»SHBS'iJiisa>»Li«#!. ' .- »•
MEMORANDUM.
— ' MISCELLANEOUS. '
LONDON, Ar>rll 5— Newcastle, Aus, .tele
graphs that ship Port Crawford, ready for
se,a for San Francisco, and Br. ship Ditton
have been In collifllon. ¦ Both vessels are dam
aged. Br bark Peebleshlre, ready for sea, ly
ing alongside, also damascd. i
: LONDON, April 4 — Ship Iroquois, previously
reported ashore in; Saris Strait%, got eff leak
l.r.g. Afterward drove from. anchors and drift
ed to sea and has -not been heard from, since.
SPOKEN.
Feb 16, lat 52, S,- Ion 5(J W— Fr bark Grande
Ijuchesse . Glga, from Portland, for United
Kingdom.. ¦
- March. IS, latlN, lqn 25 W— Ger.stmr Oc
tavia, from Hamburg, lor Santa Rosalia. -
Per A. ex McNeil — ADril 1. lat 37 67-N. Ion
12< 40 _W. spoke a bark. (Probably Caronde
let, hence Mar 2R. for PriAce William Sound.)
Stmr Hj-ades, Garlich, Honolulu, and' Ka
hulul. : ¦•¦¦¦¦-.-• -..-.-¦
Stmr - Conullle River, Johnsorf. : Fort Brags-
Ship Tillie E Starbuck, CSfrtls, Honolulu.
Schr Una, Harking. Port'Blakeley. l % r ? ,
bebr Zampa. Pedcrs?n, Klawack. .
RAILED.. .
..,.' , . /Saturday,. April .5.'
Stmr ¦ Del" Norte. Green.- Crescent City. '¦¦.
¦':-. Saturday, April L 5." .
¦ Stmr Aztec, Trask,"4 days from Tacoma.. -
'¦¦ Stmr Cella, . Adler, 13 -.hours .from -Rule3»
Landing. ¦ . . — ¦ - '
Stmr Pomona; • Shea. IS hours from Eureka.
: Stmr National City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort Bragc. "V .¦..'.
- Stmr Alcazar." Martin. 43 hours from San
Pedro.. ¦ • ¦ " ¦ • *¦ . '. "-.'.'
Stmr Gco W Elder, Randall. 65 hours from
Portland, via A»toria 53- hours. -:-_:
- Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 70 hours from Coos
Bay. '••-¦ - ¦ , ¦ • ¦ • " ...--" ¦¦•'" ¦ .
Stmr Bonita, Nopander. C2 hours. from New
port. ' . . ¦* •.' '"-:-'
U S stmr ..Wisconsin; Relter, ' 48 hours from
San Dlezo. ' '¦ ' > ¦ V '>**?&¦
I Ger stmr Hermonthis, Knudsen, 4 days from
Seattle, put In "to finish loading. . ¦ ;
¦ Br Fhip Scottish . Glens, - Johnson, ; 140 days
f rom • Hamburz. :¦:¦:•- ¦¦¦-•.¦ - ¦
. Br ship Windsor Park,' Livingstone, 113 days
from' Newcastle, Australia.- ! .'¦ ' •-»'
: Berk - Kajulanl, D.ibel, 21 days from Hono
•: • Bark Alex McNeil, Jorgenson, ¦ C3 days from
Valparaiso. ' . . . . '
Bark Mauna Ala. Smith, 28 days from Hono
lulu.- - - ¦¦ . ' ,
, ¦: Schr W H.Marston," Curtis, 25 days . from
Honolulu. -"•¦-. ¦' ' • , .
, . Schr Monterey,' Crangle, 24 hours from Men
doclno. ¦' , - • . : ": .'
; - t CLEARED. ' j. ¦¦•;¦¦.
* V, -'"¦-- Saturday, April 5.
-.'• Stmr . St : - Paul, -.' Hays, - Seattle ; and • -Unga; :
Alaska Commercial Co.
• Stmr Umatilla; Cousins, Victoria: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.- •„¦» ...
. - Stmr '. Lakme,' Johnson; Portland: Charles
Nelson -Co. ;'_ • . ' ,1 .
Stmr 1 Hyades, Garllch, Honolulu and Ka
hulul; Williams, ;Dimond.& Co. .
' Ship '*¦¦ Falls of ' • Clyde. . Matson, HUo: J. D
Spreckels • & Bros j Co."- -.¦--,*•' : '¦. *\ . .
-Ital ship Salvatore Ciampa, . Caflero, Queens- ¦
town;' SoliWangenbelm & Co. ". . >'
Shipping; Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Branch ITydrographlo :: Office, U. . S. . N.. Mer
- • 'chart*' ''"'•'•hange. ' San- Francisco,- Cat.,'
April- 5.' 1002. '"¦.,¦.-•"?.. "-,-'. ' ' '• .VI
¦ Th« -.Time ' Hal 1 on the tower ' of ; the - Ferry
building . was*, dropped! exactly .at. noon , *o-d«y,
l.'e.,"at noon of the: 120th* meridian; 'or. at S
n. m,. Greenwich 'mean- time.-— - -
• . . . ~; ;'>i,vW. 4 --H.-'.STANDLKT.kir';
Lieutenant -U." S.' N.y In char^a. --
Time Ball.
NOTK— In the above 'exposition ot i.'ie tl Je»
the early .- morning, tides are clvea in tha left
hand column and the successive tide* lot tha
day in the order. of occurrence as. to time; the
fourth time column gives the 'last tide 'of the
day, .except when there are but threi* tides,'. as
tometlmeB occurs. The heights given are In
(addition to. the soundings cf the United States
Coat i Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
rlgn precedes'the<lieight. -and then the number
given Is subtracttxrtfrom the depth e'.ren by
the charts. Xh« plar.a of reference is the mean
of-tht lower low. wai»r«. -
TO ¦ SAIL.
Sun,'; Moon and Tide.
United States Cca»t *¦ and . Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of • ; High ; and ; ' Low
¦ FROM' SEATTLE. ; •-
TO ARRfVB.
Steamer Movements. ~
Eritish Ships in Collision.
; T.he British ship Port Crawford, at New
castle. Australia, ready for. sea with a - cargo
for this - port, was yesterday reported • In ; col
lision with the British ship Pitt on. Both ves
sels were damaged. ' The British bark Peeble
ghire, - also ready for sea and moored
side the Port Crawford, was also damaged In
the mlx-un.
Engineer Loses Finger.
. F. H. May. chief engineer of the red stack
towboat Redmond, had the fourth finger of his
right hand cut off yesterday in the Redmond's
machinery. .. . ' . •'
. The Italian ship Salvatore; '• Ciampa was
cleared yesterday for , Queenstown S for orders,
with 56.S00 ctls wheaV valued at $00,102. 8 nd
20,000 feet lumber as dunnage, valued at $::oo.
Wheat i Clearance.
NEWS OF. THE OCEAN.
The British ship Fingal is - chartered . for
wheat 'from Tacoma to Europe, at 31s 3d, ; prior
to arrival. : - : ' ¦ : '
Samoan Eifl.es From Mare Island.
Thlrty-flve hundred rifles of ancient vintag
j • Louis Gl'obaranl, five yean) of a?e, living
with his parents at the corner of Green : and
Dupont streets, fell into the bay yesterday
afternoon from the Lom,bard-street : wharf and
was drowned: , The little fellow had been play
ing all morning on and about' the wharf. In
running from a companion, ne tripped over, a
etrlnger and pitched headlong Into' the bay.
Efforts to ' recover I the body had failed up to
a late hour last night.' ..-.. '/,•' ¦»-•.
\ Five- Year-Old Boy Drowns.
The British ship Fingal, . which arrived at
Portland March 2S, was several days -too law
to take advantage -. of a charter at thirty-one
shillings aU three pence. Her failure to ar
rive on time saved $4000 t6 the charterers. The
British ship Tweedsdale, now out seventy-seven
days from Hongay, has lost a thlrty-flve shil
ling charter, and • the Whltlieburn, which far
rived at Astoria April 1,. missed- a thirty- four.
shilling charter by seven hours. ; . '- ¦
Vessels Lose Charters.
The British ship Windsor ¦ Park, 113 days
from . Newcastle, Australia, and en the . re
insured . list at 20 per cent, arrived yesterday
in good condition. Light >. winds and ' calms
were . responsible for her lengthy passage. . The
safe arrival of the Windsor Park caused a de
cline of 10 per cent In the reinsurance rate on
the Frankistan, pow out 114 days from Aus
tralia.
Overdue Ship Arrives.
taken by Uncle Sam from* the natives of Sa
moa In 1S9S, were yesterday landed at Clay
street wharf from Mare Island. They, were pur T
chased at auction by a local department store.
The rifles brought Uncle Sam 3p cents apiece.
St. Helena's Trial Trip.
. The new river steamer St. Helena started on,
her trial trip at 11 o'clock yesterday morning,
epent several hburs maneuvering about the bay
and then took a spin up to Vallejo, returning
la te, last evening.^- A large crowd of friends of
the owners enjoyed the ba>; trip and the new
veesel proved herself satisfactory In every way.
She is speedy, handles well and. is one of the
handsomest of tlie fleet of river boats. : She was
built for trade between Napa and' San Fran
cisco and will run in conjunction with" the Napa
City In opposition to the Zlnfandel. '_• • ~V :<
Mrs. Matilda Gray, living at 1107»4 How
ard street, secured a. warrant from Judge
CV'aniss yesterday for the arrest of her
daughter, Augusta Markowitz. who lives
in the same house, on a charge of felony
embezzlement. Mrs. Gray alleges that
about five years ago she deposited $3003 in
the Hibcrnia Bank in the joint names of
herself and daughter Augusta, the condi
tion being that the money should remain
in bank until Mrs. Gray's death, when it
would be divided between her children.
Mrs. Gray alleges that on March 29 last
Augusta drew $1509 out of the bank with
out consulting her. The daughter depos
ited the money with a safe deposit com
pany and now refuses to surrender it.
¦' . ¦ » o « — - '¦
Seek IJew Trial for Buckley.
,The arguments of counsel on the mo
tion for a new trial In the case of William
Buckley, convicted of murder in the first
degres for the killing of George W. Rice,
the non-union machinist, at" Twentieth
and Howard streets on- October 11, were
concluded before Judge Lawlor yester
day. The "Judge announced that he would
give his decision nest Friday. The cases
of Thomas Moran. Charles Donnelly ami
Edward Duncan, convicted of the same
rcurder, were continued- till the same day.
Accuses Daughter of Embezzlement
A dispatch from London received yesterday at
the Merchants' Exchange has given rise to con
siderable anxiety regarding the American ship
Iroquois, which is well Known in this port. The
Iroquois was -previously reported ashore at
Sapls Straits. According to . the dispatch re^
celved yesterday she got oft In a' leaking condi
tion. Before anything could be done in the way
of investigating the " extent of the Injury a
storm sprang up, the Iroquois wacs blown from
her anchorage and . has not been heard from
since.- The Iroquois is owned by t^itrSewalls
and is commanded by Captain Thompson. She
was built in 1SS1 at Bath. Maine. She is 2120
gross tonnage, 237 feet long and 43 feet beam.
Ship Iroquois in Banger.
The steam collier - Asuncion was yesterday
taken . to Oakland Creek, where she will re-,
main until again chartered. ¦ . j
The British ship " Scottish Glens. 152 days i
from Hamburg, arrived yesterday alter "an
uneventful voyare.
The British ship , Euphrosyne has been char
tered at 8. shillings from Newcastle, N. S. W..
to Portland. This is one of the lowest charters
on record;. ¦'•.-. ¦ ¦ • ' . . -
.The British ship Scottish Glens was twenty
one days . rounding ' the Horn.'. .
Water Front Notes.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived ADril 5— Stmr Glen
oele, from Taeoma, for Hongkong; stmr Tar
tar, from Vancouver, for Hongkong; atmr Cop
tie, . from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hong-Icons. ' :
HIOGO — Arrived - prior- to April ,; 5 — Stmr
Yangtse, from Singapore, etc. for Seattle.
¦ GENOA — Arrived April 4 — Stmr Hobenzoi
lern. from New York, via Naples. ¦ ¦ - ¦
, ANTWERP — Sailed Asrll S — Stmr Kensing
ton, for' New York.
HAVRE— Sailed April - ih-Stmr, La Cham
pa me, -for New York. . •. . .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 5-,-Stmr Saxonla,
for New York. , '
- CHERBOURG— Sailed AprllO— Stmr Phila
delphia. ¦ from Southampton, for New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived, Asril 5 — Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton and Cherbourg.
' Sailed: April 5 — Stmr Mesaba, for London;
stmr Mongolian, for Glasgow; stmr Rotterdam,'
for ; Rotterdam, 'via Boulogne; stmr Umbria.
for. Liverpool; Rtmr Lahn, ' for Naples and
Genoa; stmr Patricia, . for Hamburg, via Ply
mouth, and Cherbourg: stmr La Bretagne, for
Havre. - .
-Arrived ".Arrll 5 — Stmr L'Acultalne, from
MURORAN— Sailed April 4— Stmr Ventpr.
for i San Frandfco. : . •
BOSTON— Arrived April 3— Stmr Sylvanla,
from ' Liverpool ¦ and . Queenstown; stmr Sa«-.
dlnlan, from Glasgow, via Halifax.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
•HAMiiUHG — Arrived April ¦*— Br shlD May
field,-from Portland, tor wueenstown.
- HAMBURG— Arrived April 4— Br ship Eu
dora. from Tacon-.a.
MAN IL.A — Arrived April 4— Stmr Peru,
hence March 5. -
SWANSEA— Arrived April 3— Fr bark Eu
rope, from Oreion. _ .
TENERIFFK — Arrived March 28 — Ger stmr
Pentaur, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN — Sailed. A»rll 3 — Ship Abner
Coburn, for < New York. ' •
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 5 — Br stmr
Doric, for San FrancIscoT. •-¦*>'
.VANCOUVER— Sailed April' 6— Br bark Ad
derley,- for Sydney.
' Arrived i April - 5 — Schr Forester, hence
March 25. ' . -
PANAMA— Arrived April" 1— Stmr Arryll.
hence March 18. - - . . ' ' — :
VICTORIA — Arrived 'April C — Ger shlD. Os
tra. from Santa Rosalia; bark Challenger,
hence March 27. . .:.'¦>
Sailed Anril 3 — Br strA Aorangi. for Sydney.
KINKALE-rPajsed April Z — Nor bark Cara.
from Tacoma, for Queenstown. V
LIVERPOOL — « Arrived Aorll\4— Br ship
Lonsdale, from Orecon. •¦•.-.
HAVRE — Arrived ADril 5 — Br ehlp Austra
lia, hence Nov ; 24. •
MAZAT1JAN— Sailed A:-rl! f— Stmr Acapul
co, for. San Francisco.
LIZARD — Passed April 4 — Br shla Mayneld,
from Portland, tor Queenstowti. .
REUDIXG, April &.— Antone "¦ Callario, a
stock raiser of eastern ' Shasta County, was
found dead- in bed this morning at his home
ut-ar Copper City.
Lutzen, in reporting, the robbery to Offi
cer O'Connell, said he was satisfied, the
handkerchief that Was stuffed into his
mouth was : saturated with chloroform, as
he felt an overpowering smell just before
he became unconscious. He ..was very
sick for some hours afterward.
O'Conneir made ;an' investigation, but
could find no one in the neighborhood
who - f saw or heard of the robbery. '¦ Cap
tain Seymour does .not place niuch cred
ence in Lutzen's storjv but detailed.De
tectives Graham and Fitzgerald to : make
an Jnqulry.
Luis Lutz&n,. a milkman living at* 951
Fifteenth avenue Sou tin was the victim
of one of__the most .remarkable .and.dar
ing robberies on ¦ record, if ¦ he ; is telling
the truth.. The police are inclined to doubt
hi§_^story. .
LiUtzen reported to Policeman. G. P.
O'Connell about S o'clock, Friday night
that while he was fdellverlng milk on Zee
place. oft.Folsom street; between. Fremont
and Beale; two- men^ grabbed from
behind. . : Before . he could' make an outcry
one of the men stuffed a handkerchief
Into his mouth and he became \ uncon-,
scious. Some'time. later he ; was found in
a woodshed about twelve feet .from 1 where
he says , the men grabbed hlmi by some
people, who roused" him to consciousness.
He; then discovered that the •'robbers had
taken $30 from his pockets. His team was
standing where he hadJ"left it. - . - },
Trustees — William Terry, M. M. O'ShaUBh
nct-Ry. A. C. Hlnz D. Crael'ns. D. C. Braid.
Town Clerk — A. \V. Pooley. Marshal — F. \V.
Bagstraw. Treasurer — Wheeler Martin.
* A bitter fisht Is being made by the par
tisans of both parties, but those con
versant with the situation declare that
the first named ticket is a sure winner.'
Nevertheless no effort Is being snared to
render the victory a decisive one.
The Independent ticket, the candidates
of which are pledged to low license, is
made ur» as follows:
Tiustees — F. Blair Turpln, " Alfred VT. Bush,
Aionzo Coffin. J. R. AVood, Georgre Hark Sr.
Town Clerk — S. K. Roberts. Marshal — Captain
M Staples. Treasurer — A. L. House. • •
The Citizens' and Taxpayers' party
elected Its candidates two years ago. and
a high license tax . of £759 was imposed
upon all saloons. The result was the clos
ing of the more undesirable places, where
the tough element gathered on Sundays.
and the creation of a oitter sentiment
against the reform element. Several pro
prietors of saloons who were arrested lasf
summer for selling liouor without a li
cense recently effected a combination ¦with
some disgruntled partisans and not a fcV
of the more respectable German element
who favor a low license and •have put - a
ticket in the field. J2ach pexty has its
support In the shape of a town newspaper
and the situation is becoming interesting.'
The Citizens' and Taxpayers' ticket Is
as follows: ;
Mill Valley is in the throes of a political
campaign and there is considerable specu
lation as to the identity of the five Town
Trustees who will be elected on the 11th
inst. The issue lies between the element
opposed to the Sunday beer gardens and
that which favors a wide-open town.
Frincipal Issue Involved I Is
the Matter of Saloon
Licenses.
Detectives Are Inclined to
Storyy but ,Will
. Investigate.
Liuis LutzsD, a Milkman,
Tells of a Thrilling
Experience.
From Acapulco she went to . Callao arid
from there to Valparaiso, where the offi
cers were royally entertained by the VaK
paraiso Club. President Riesco of Chile
Mas a guest -on board the battleship and
entertained the officers ashore..; Callao
was revisited February 11. .Here the Pres
ident of ' Peru and United States Minister
Dudley were entertained on board.
The #.VIsconsin arrived at Acapulco Feb
ruary'SC. After coaling at Pichilinque she
proceeded to Magdalena Bay, where for
ten days target practice was engaged in.
She arrived at San Diego March 25 and
left there April. 3. The Wisconsin goes
to the Union Iron Works to have the
travel stains removed and will probably
remain in this port for some time.
The ' Wisconsin left here June '19 for
Puget Sound, where; she remained until
October 14. On that date she sailed 'for
Pago Fago with Captain Myer, one of the
members of the Tilley. court-martial,^
aboard. From Pago Pago she went to Apia,
where Thomas ' P. Purdon, an' apprentice;
died from' the .effects : of drinking wood
alcohol.. He was burled at Apia.', trom
Apia the Wisconsin steamed ¦ to Honolulu 1
and from there to Acapulcp. ' A few days
before reaching the latter port C. It. Fer
guson, an apprentice, fell overboard. A
lifeboat was sent after" him and he' was
picked up in the remarkably short tim<s
of three and one-half minutes. .
THET United States battleship .Wls
confein returned to port yesterday
afternoon -after an .'absence- of
over nine months, during which
; time she has visited Samoa,¦Hon
olulu and a ¦ number * of South American
ports. , The Wisconsin's cruise has been
a continuous target" practice. Every. one
of her guns has been fired time and again.
They have -been fired at floating .targets'
and aimed at rocks. The record; of -* the
numerous, engagements with inanimate
foes shows that the- Wisconsin Is manned
by as good marksmen as ever trod a war
ship's deck. Captain Reiter is proud of
his .vessel and still prouder of the men
that man her. :" .-V'.
Bitter Contest^ Is { Being
Waged; by O'ppasing
Factions.
WARM CAMPAIGN
IN MILL VALLEY
SAYS FOOTPADS
DRUGGED HIM
BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN REVISITS SAN FRANCISCO
AFTER LONG CRUISE OFF SOUTH AMERICAN COAST
; Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
-' Fianclsco" Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.' '•'¦.•'¦ .'¦;:'¦
¦ NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city -front < (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the. height of tide Is .the same at both places.
26
THE SAX FB ANCISGO; C^LLt, /SUNDAY;^PEIL; 6; 1902;
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
Al-Kl;... ...I Ska&Trsy-'As'Ways'Portn.lArr. S
Dolphin.'..... Skagway & Way .' Ports. Apr. : 9
Dlrlgo. ;..:;. Skagway '& -Way Ports. Apr.il2
' Uertna : . ... : Cooks ¦ lnltt ' ft ' Way f ts. Apr. ' ] »
Eanta Ana. V. Cooks ', Inlet : A VWay Pts. Apr.; 15
Cottage City." Skairway &:AVay; Ports: Apr.': 15
City Seattle.".' Skagway &'.Way; Ports.) Apr.'' 17.
Iteamer.
•fS
[nati
ion.
is.
'ier.
Eureka....
Spokane. ..
Umatllla...
Mandalay..
fomona....
Curacao...
Phoenix....
Empire..:.
Artm. ,...-..
Sa/.ta. Cruz.
a? Elder...
Gaelic...
City Sydne)
Arcata.....
Hermbnthls
Eureka.."..'
Chehalis...
Q. Dollar..'
Rival:.....
State Cal. .
Avtrll. «.a : ¦' " • I ¦¦¦: V:
Honolulu v." Seattle.4 5 pm|Pier.27
J»ii !!_¦ I >i»«O.'*-'»*-h *'.*¦'¦¦!«... in •; i il
Pusct Sound Ports. |11* am | Pier ; D
¦. Aprn. 7. ¦¦••: ¦-,-,; i -"'-*v • ;
Coqullle : River ..... | 5 pm|Pler v 2
Humbcldt .:....... |l:3o vii'ler ¦ v
Mexican^ Port* ....10 ania j i«r 11
-April ».' ,. I } ,\ ¦¦
Mendoclno City | 3 pm|Pler 13
Coon Bay ¦•>• :...-.. -.112 m «'if , .-
Ferndale& Eel Rlv.|;4 pm|Pler 2
Newport tc iu)' ri«, a u
Astoria' & I'ortlandlll amIPler i-i
China & Japan .... II' pm|PMS3
¦¦••.,¦ --April a. : \ \ ¦¦'*-¦¦'
•Panama?* Way Pt*II2 mlPMSS
Poo« Bay & Pt Orfdll2 .imlPler .1.1
JIamburg,& .Way.-.|12 m|S:.W; 2
HumboJit - .."...':.. '.t. a, am if if r;lJ
Grays Harbor ...... ..r.r. Pier ; —
Grays 'Harbor : .'. . .'. 4 pm Pier ¦ 2
WUlapa Harbor... *4 pm Pier 2
San * Lilego ¦¦ A - Way . . j - u am j rwr li
Portland & Way Pts|10 am|Pler 1C
ValpataiKu- & * <Va>..L2: n. fur id
Sydney & Way Pt«. 10 am Pier 7
Seattle fr.TfniM:. 1 10 am Pier \S
..-..Aprtl--ll..--.:;'|;-..". •; <\ ¦: -.^
Grays --.. Harbor • ... '. |*4 pmlPler .S
Puget, Sound Ports.lll'amlPler Si
•April .12.,- |'.,, - l-v-.-v
Point ' Arena *.:...;( 2 pmiPlerA2
San Pedro; *:Way.l » amipier 11
- April;13. | - ¦ . | ,
.Humboidt .'.v.....~. 9 amtPler il
I Astoria" *-*Portland.U1 «mlP'»- 2<
Grays r Harbor >'. . . ". 5 pm Pier -' '.
¦ April 14. •/"* »
Grays '. Harbor ..... S pm Pier '.
,.; April 1 15.--- 1 ¦¦-'-; •:'•,;
China & Japan. ... . lpm|PMSS
Seattle & Tacoma'.; '5pm Pier - J
; April 16. : ,
Puget'/ Sound Ports 11* am Plerf: t
Seattle & . N .' - r What. 5 pm Pier 5
Alliance...
Colombia.'.
Sierra."....
Santa Ana.
Sequoia.'. .".
City Puebla
Pt. Arena.;
Coos Bay. .
North Forte.
Columbia.;;
Corcnado."
Ne^vburgV. •
H. K. Mar'u
Czarina.'...
Queen :
Ra!nl<»r.. . t
Steamer.
From.
Due.'
Rival..'
Mackinaw...
Colombia. . . .
State of Cal..
Chehalla
Arro.
Phoenix.....
Sequoia.. ....
Santa Monica
l'leiades.....
tedith:.....;.'
Santa Ana...
Arcata.... '.:.
Kureka '.
G. Dollar. . . .
City Puebla..
Alliance.;..".
Acapulco. ...
Tcllus.......
Cre/cent City
JCuollar. . . .
Coos Bay....
.Point Arena..
North Fork..
Columbia. . : .
Spokane. ....
Pomona. .. ...
G.'Lindauer..
Corcnado. ...
Folmina. ....
Czarlra ......
Ralcier.::...
Kewburg....
Queen.......
Santa Cruz. .
Alameda
China. .......
O..W. Klder..
Tucapel. ,.. .
Umatilla'....
Willapa Haroor. ....... . Apr.'. 6
Tacoma ¦ : . . .'.. . . .v. ...... Apr. ¦'¦ 6
Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr.- C
"6an Diego & Way Pts. Apr. ¦;!«
Orays Harbor Apr. ~> «
Ferndale * Eel-Blver.. Apr. v 6
MendoclAO City ........ Apr. fi
Gray8'Harbor ....Apr."'"
Humboldt". '. . ........ Apr.'-* 7
Seattle .......... ...r... Apr. 7
Seattle- ....:.....'.. Apr. -1
Seattle & • Tacoma. . . ; . : Apr.' : 7
Coos Bay & Port Orford. Apr... 7
Humboldt .'.'...'.'........ Apr. ¦ 7
Grays Harbor ....'..... Apr... 7
i'ujfct Sound Port*.'.'... Apr.. 7
Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Panama < & ' Way Ports. Apr.- ' 8
Oy»ter -Harbor ....„;.. A pr. S
[Crescent City Apr;. 8
San Pefiro. ¦:.;.. '.': Apr.-'. 8
San Pedro &'Way Ports. Apr. ' '.)
Point Arena . ....... Apr. 10
Humboldt V. .... V. Apr. 1 10
Portland & Antorla. ...'. Apr. 10
San Diejrtf & AVay Ports Apr. 10
Humboldt .....;...'.„. .*: Apr.: 10
Grays. Harbor ....... ... Apr.'.ll-
Orayn Harbor .......... Apr.! 11,
Nanalmo . . V ......; Apr.'. 11
Seattle & Tacoma. .•; . ; . Apr.' 12
Seattle & Whatcom - . . ; . Apr. 12
Grays. Harbor ........... Apr.; 12
Puget. Sound Ports;.... Apr.' 12
Newport & : Way Ports.'. Apr. : IS
Honolulu -¦' ..'.'. ." . .'. .'T^.'.i Apr. 15
China & 1 Japan '1 ..*.¦.:.*. Apr.'. 15
Portland & Astoria... : Apr. 15
Valparaiso & Way' Ports Apr.' 16 r
Pupet ¦ Sound . Ports. '.t." Apr." 17-
Sun rlsei
Sun Bfits
Moou rls:
O Time
» t, \V
c" 8:30
7 4:21
S 5:05
0 5:49
- H NY
10 0:<):i
11 0:40
12 1:32!
ij .'........ .... ........ J. .... . . . . .5:47
... 6:37
is;:....".....;v..V. ....4:20 a. m.
- ¦¦•-. Time ¦ ' Time •¦ ITlsae
Ft. Ft. Ft. I TU
H "W " L W H W
.1.6 10:02 4.0 3:64 1.3 10:21 0.3
'O.y 10:ft4 .V0 4:34 1.5 10:65 . B.4
"0.511:4fi '5.1 5:14 1.711:29-5.5
0.1 12:40 4.0 5:55 2.1
¦5.5 fi:SS— O.I l:3fi 4.S fi:W 2.4
: 5.4 7:.-,l —0.2 2:37 ' 4.6 7:28 2.6
5.3|8:29—O.l 3:4ir 4.5 '8-26 2.8
Sun rlsei
Sun Bfits
Moou rls:
O Time
» t, \V
c" 8:30
7 4:21
S 5:05
0 5:49
- H NY
10 0:<):i
11 0:40
12 1:32!
ij .'........ .... ........ J. .... . . . . .5:47
... 6:37
is;:....".....;v..V. ....4:20 a. m.
- ¦¦•-. Time ¦ ' Time •¦ ITlsae
Ft. Ft. Ft. I TU
H "W " L W H W
.1.6 10:02 4.0 3:64 1.3 10:21 0.3
'O.y 10:ft4 .V0 4:34 1.5 10:65 . B.4
"0.511:4fi '5.1 5:14 1.711:29-5.5
0.1 12:40 4.0 5:55 2.1
¦5.5 fi:SS— O.I l:3fi 4.S fi:W 2.4
: 5.4 7:.-,l —0.2 2:37 ' 4.6 7:28 2.6
5.3|8:29—O.l 3:4ir 4.5 '8-26 2.8
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
Al-Kl;... ...I Ska&Trsy-'As'Ways'Portn.lArr. S
Dolphin.'..... Skagway & Way .' Ports. Apr. : 9
Dlrlgo. ;..:;. Skagway '& -Way Ports. Apr.il2
' Uertna : . ... : Cooks ¦ lnltt ' ft ' Way f ts. Apr. ' ] »
Eanta Ana. V. Cooks ', Inlet : A VWay Pts. Apr.; 15
Cottage City." Skairway &:AVay; Ports: Apr.': 15
City Seattle.".' Skagway &'.Way; Ports.) Apr.'' 17.
Iteamer.
•fS
[nati
ion.
is.
'ier.
Eureka....
Spokane. ..
Umatllla...
Mandalay..
fomona....
Curacao...
Phoenix....
Empire..:.
Artm. ,...-..
Sa/.ta. Cruz.
a? Elder...
Gaelic...
City Sydne)
Arcata.....
Hermbnthls
Eureka.."..'
Chehalis...
Q. Dollar..'
Rival:.....
State Cal. .
Avtrll. «.a : ¦' " • I ¦¦¦: V:
Honolulu v." Seattle.4 5 pm|Pier.27
J»ii !!_¦ I >i»«O.'*-'»*-h *'.*¦'¦¦!«... in •; i il
Pusct Sound Ports. |11* am | Pier ; D
¦. Aprn. 7. ¦¦••: ¦-,-,; i -"'-*v • ;
Coqullle : River ..... | 5 pm|Pler v 2
Humbcldt .:....... |l:3o vii'ler ¦ v
Mexican^ Port* ....10 ania j i«r 11
-April ».' ,. I } ,\ ¦¦
Mendoclno City | 3 pm|Pler 13
Coon Bay ¦•>• :...-.. -.112 m «'if , .-
Ferndale& Eel Rlv.|;4 pm|Pler 2
Newport tc iu)' ri«, a u
Astoria' & I'ortlandlll amIPler i-i
China & Japan .... II' pm|PMS3
¦¦••.,¦ --April a. : \ \ ¦¦'*-¦¦'
•Panama?* Way Pt*II2 mlPMSS
Poo« Bay & Pt Orfdll2 .imlPler .1.1
JIamburg,& .Way.-.|12 m|S:.W; 2
HumboJit - .."...':.. '.t. a, am if if r;lJ
Grays Harbor ...... ..r.r. Pier ; —
Grays 'Harbor : .'. . .'. 4 pm Pier ¦ 2
WUlapa Harbor... *4 pm Pier 2
San * Lilego ¦¦ A - Way . . j - u am j rwr li
Portland & Way Pts|10 am|Pler 1C
ValpataiKu- & * <Va>..L2: n. fur id
Sydney & Way Pt«. 10 am Pier 7
Seattle fr.TfniM:. 1 10 am Pier \S
..-..Aprtl--ll..--.:;'|;-..". •; <\ ¦: -.^
Grays --.. Harbor • ... '. |*4 pmlPler .S
Puget, Sound Ports.lll'amlPler Si
•April .12.,- |'.,, - l-v-.-v
Point ' Arena *.:...;( 2 pmiPlerA2
San Pedro; *:Way.l » amipier 11
- April;13. | - ¦ . | ,
.Humboidt .'.v.....~. 9 amtPler il
I Astoria" *-*Portland.U1 «mlP'»- 2<
Grays r Harbor >'. . . ". 5 pm Pier -' '.
¦ April 14. •/"* »
Grays '. Harbor ..... S pm Pier '.
,.; April 1 15.--- 1 ¦¦-'-; •:'•,;
China & Japan. ... . lpm|PMSS
Seattle & Tacoma'.; '5pm Pier - J
; April 16. : ,
Puget'/ Sound Ports 11* am Plerf: t
Seattle & . N .' - r What. 5 pm Pier 5
Alliance...
Colombia.'.
Sierra."....
Santa Ana.
Sequoia.'. .".
City Puebla
Pt. Arena.;
Coos Bay. .
North Forte.
Columbia.;;
Corcnado."
Ne^vburgV. •
H. K. Mar'u
Czarina.'...
Queen :
Ra!nl<»r.. . t
Steamer.
From.
Due.'
Rival..'
Mackinaw...
Colombia. . . .
State of Cal..
Chehalla
Arro.
Phoenix.....
Sequoia.. ....
Santa Monica
l'leiades.....
tedith:.....;.'
Santa Ana...
Arcata.... '.:.
Kureka '.
G. Dollar. . . .
City Puebla..
Alliance.;..".
Acapulco. ...
Tcllus.......
Cre/cent City
JCuollar. . . .
Coos Bay....
.Point Arena..
North Fork..
Columbia. . : .
Spokane. ....
Pomona. .. ...
G.'Lindauer..
Corcnado. ...
Folmina. ....
Czarlra ......
Ralcier.::...
Kewburg....
Queen.......
Santa Cruz. .
Alameda
China. .......
O..W. Klder..
Tucapel. ,.. .
Umatilla'....
Willapa Haroor. ....... . Apr.'. 6
Tacoma ¦ : . . .'.. . . .v. ...... Apr. ¦'¦ 6
Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr.- C
"6an Diego & Way Pts. Apr. ¦;!«
Orays Harbor Apr. ~> «
Ferndale * Eel-Blver.. Apr. v 6
MendoclAO City ........ Apr. fi
Gray8'Harbor ....Apr."'"
Humboldt". '. . ........ Apr.'-* 7
Seattle .......... ...r... Apr. 7
Seattle- ....:.....'.. Apr. -1
Seattle & • Tacoma. . . ; . : Apr.' : 7
Coos Bay & Port Orford. Apr... 7
Humboldt .'.'...'.'........ Apr. ¦ 7
Grays Harbor ....'..... Apr... 7
i'ujfct Sound Port*.'.'... Apr.. 7
Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Panama < & ' Way Ports. Apr.- ' 8
Oy»ter -Harbor ....„;.. A pr. S
[Crescent City Apr;. 8
San Pefiro. ¦:.;.. '.': Apr.-'. 8
San Pedro &'Way Ports. Apr. ' '.)
Point Arena . ....... Apr. 10
Humboldt V. .... V. Apr. 1 10
Portland & Antorla. ...'. Apr. 10
San Diejrtf & AVay Ports Apr. 10
Humboldt .....;...'.„. .*: Apr.: 10
Grays. Harbor ....... ... Apr.'.ll-
Orayn Harbor .......... Apr.! 11,
Nanalmo . . V ......; Apr.'. 11
Seattle & Tacoma. .•; . ; . Apr.' 12
Seattle & Whatcom - . . ; . Apr. 12
Grays. Harbor ........... Apr.; 12
Puget. Sound Ports;.... Apr.' 12
Newport & : Way Ports.'. Apr. : IS
Honolulu -¦' ..'.'. ." . .'. .'T^.'.i Apr. 15
China & 1 Japan '1 ..*.¦.:.*. Apr.'. 15
Portland & Astoria... : Apr. 15
Valparaiso & Way' Ports Apr.' 16 r
Pupet ¦ Sound . Ports. '.t." Apr." 17-
¦ . \c'" r ''" '
ra.c. joslen, m. d. n
Men's Diseases j
I Treated S
With Certainty. I
TVTien I speak of my certain methods |j
of treating men's diseases I do not mean H
to Imply, that every case In existence |j
will yield to them." But I do mean H
that a majority «f* those. cases that I]
have been unskillfully treated and 1 1
that are supposed to be incurable, will a
yield promptly and completely to my. . ¦
• methods. I also mean that my accept- II
ance of a case for treatment Is assur- II
ance of a cure, for I will not under- |i
take a case unless a cure Is possible. |J
| Varicocele. i \
This most prevalent of all diseases of 1 1
men la also the most neslected. either I j
I through dread of the harsh methods of II
treatment commonly employed. or . f j
through Ignorance of the grave dangers ¦
that accompany the disease. As varl- H
cocele Interferes directly with the clr- ||
culation and process of waste and re- r
pair.' throughout the generative organs, Q
the necessity of a prompt and thorough jl
cure cannot be too forcibly emphasized. H
I cure varieocsle In one week by an II
' absolutely painless process. My cures W
are thorough and absolutely permanent l|
and are . accomplished without the use II .
of 'knife, ligature or caustic. *j
Stricture. 1
A complete cure is accomplished \
.•without cutting or dilating. H
Contracted Disorders. I
To but partially cure a contracted a
disease ia almost as danserous as to al- t
low It to go untreated. Unless every Ej
particle of infection and inflammation 3 4
I Is removed the disease' will gradually M
work Its way into the general system. S3
; There is the danger of . the prostate H
gland becoming chronically - Inflamed, M
I which 'always brings partial or com- ii
plete loss of power. 25 per cent of the i
cases of so-callea . '/weakness' * are a I
1 direct result of some improperly treated tl
F : contracted disease. During . the past ffj
V five years . I have treated " over C50O fcj
fe cases of contracted dl&orders. and have t
I effected an absolute cure in each in- I
E stance. There have been no- relapses H
b or undesirable developments whatever. I-J
I " Weakness"
I In the treatment of those functional
I disorders known as "weakness" I have
E attained a degree of success tha* has
K placed me foremost among specialists
I in men's diseases. Ey careful treatment
I -I restore all the organs to their normal
I state, thus removing the cause of func-
F tional derangement and producing a
t complete and permanent cure. I will"
I , be pleased to explain this disorder and
B •• my treatmenr of it mere fully to these .
E . who call or write. fl
jj NEGLECT MEANS JIUDTATION. i II
I My pamphlet, "Live All Tour Tears fc{
E .a Man," will be mailed free upon ap-". B
U plication. It is a brief treatise on men's I
C diseases. , ra
jj; CONSULTATION FREE. y
I Dr. O. C. Joslen 1
I J049 Market Street, U
« Diagonally Opposite Hlbernla Bank. >J
Dr. Humphreys' "77" breaks up. Colds,
Grip, Influenza, Catarrh, Pains and Sore-
ness in the Head and Chest, Cough, Sore
Throat, General Prostration and Fever.
«a CHICHEISTSR'S ENQUSM
tejifROYAL PILLS
fe<^5^in BED «d told ntuai. b.x«.^3
I L" ' GT «•¦»• B»7 £ yo»r Sncglii. or wad 4*. I* ;
Umton till p»p«r. MndU.r <*<»-•«, V Ol. Jk« 1»2 I
——. — ~ : : — — \
1/R. HALL'S REINYIG0RAT0RgT3^|
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five 'y/ffuLfl
hundred reward for any case we 523 SSK
| cannot cure. - _ This secret rem- I ?j
edy cures Emissions, Impotency, fesa !S!3
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. |T*fl r^rfl
Strictures. Drains, Lost Man- ifeUJ jftil '
hood and all other wasting ef- ORfl_fT^-]
lects of self-abuse or excesses. S3*r*i a a»
Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed <
to cure any case.. Call ¦ or address order* !
HALL'S. MEDICAL INSTITT7TE. S55 Broad- \
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 107a Vi
Market St.." S. F. v. Send for free book. ¦•': ... ..
gg£s VVONQ WOO,
f^ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
. XJg+.-Y - SAMTARIUM.
; J|g|v, 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
! W2kj?jAi\V A LL DISEASES t.URiiO
¦ ./WnfUsjUtS^^ t\. «xclusiv«ly by Ctala««
herb*. oT«r 3000 ?•rlcttes . being used Hour*
• :3O to Ii a. tn.. 1 to 3 and 7 to » p. la. -
DDTTCUrC TOR BARBEita. bak-
DilUunJjU ""• bootblacks, bat.1-
t*\. *•**.* houses. bUlanl tabl«a»
i brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannen.
I dyers, flourmills. foundries, ; laundries, paper,
hangert. printers, ,-palnters. sho* factories,
.(tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
. -., . -V : UCti<i,^:> liKOS., ;
Brush Manufacturers. 639 Sacrimtnta St
' ' '" ... "
16 Pages. $1 pep Ycap
! ¦ ' ¦ . . .
ADVEKTISEMENTS. .^
How. i^Ki
[ f^m, /I Cure ->^^fe
Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any
r ¦ cause v.-hich has sapped his" vitality. I>et him follow my advice f or ' \ three ; months •
and 1 will make him as vigorous in every respect as any, man of. his age. -
I ¦will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was. never Intended- by <
nature to be strong and sturdy. Even, that man I can make better than, he' is; "
tut the man -who has been strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as
be ever was.
I can srive back to any.man' what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. -
I A man who is nervous, whose bra! n ' and body are- weak, who- sleeps' badly, :
-i awakes more tired than when nc- went to bed, wto; Is easily discouraged,* inclined,
| to brood over imaginary trouble*," who has -lost ambition' and: energy . to t«ickle :
I hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. SIfLaushlln Electric Belt
supplies. . ' . • ¦ . ¦
I The whole force of vitality in your body . is . dependent upon- your -animal 'elec-
tricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any manner ; my. Belt ' will ¦
replace ft, and will _ cure you.
W. S. llcCuisten. LosAngelcs, Cal.. writes March 7:' "I ammore than pleased
to be able to tell ybu that after.wearing your, belt but orie'month I was completely -
cured. There is not the least trace of my old trouble remaining, and It Is ray
opinion that' your treatment is the greatest remedy _> extant.- I assure you 1 thrit'.'lt .'
i -W.-11I be. a great pleasure "to me to recommend the belt whenever I can, for it has ',
saved my health." ... . . - , ' . _ '.
i Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a. sufferer.' 'They *
| are_ a beacon light to ths nan ; whr> has become discouraged from useless . doctoring.
I get "such letters -every flay."
My Belt has a wonderful Influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces, and •
* in\"lgoratPS them, end stirs up a great force of enercy In a man. . ." '
i I make the. best electrical body appliance In' the .world, having devoted twenty ¦'.
years to perfecting it. I know my trade. • My cures' aJTter everything else ; failed
' are the beet arguments. ' \ ; ¦_ ,,_ . , . . •' ''. -
g. R. Snllllng. Evans.. Mont., writes February 10.' 1002:' "My "rheumatism Is gone,, *
end my back is'stronger than it has been for years. I am .very-; well pleased with they-.
S-.^belt indeed.' It Is Just what you represent 'It "to-* be,, and' X 'will gladly ;. recommend :lt'-' • '"
to any one BUfferint.a«.I did." . '¦*_"_ '( ,-• '• . ' • ¦ ¦%'!'¦'. *, ; '..:' '-'.';'
Give a man with paln«i in his back, a; dull -"ache* In hia muscles '"or Joints,
"come-and-go" pains in his shoulders; chest and Fides, Sciatica In '• his hlp,SL«m- •
bago. Rheuma.ti«m/-or any ache ot pain, e nd' my Belt. will. pour the oil of Hlfe into' •
hi« aching body and drive out- every «lgn of rain. Nc^pain- can '.exist where : my r'..
j Belt la worn. » . ' .'
: 3. F. Grlsby. Columbia, _ Cal., writes March, 23,' 1902: ."In, regard; to 'what' ycur-
!j Belt has done for me, I am glad to be able to tell you that It has completely, cured :
• ,my back and other troubles for. which I procured 1U' .1 began' to feel' better before
".VI htd ¦worn it two weeksl ; and . awr f te I like a new man. I 'have been teHlnp-all..
\ my friends what tbe belt has done for me. You may use this testimonial letter. In
.• .any manner, you wish, for I am slafi to recommend the treatment 'to any one .in need
I? "r'-of Itr* ':' -.-;' - " ' ,; ",' ' ' ~;~[ ".'¦'[.¦:''.] t ': ; ; .' ''¦¦¦_.''¦/. -;;¦ • ¦;•¦ '•*¦•;$*, 'J' ..'¦•
j They come every day- from everywhere. -There. is cot a 1 town. 'or. hamlet In the ; '
country which "l»a« not cures by Dr. McLotighlln's Electric' Belt • -'.'-'* • ' . .- . :'l'-
. It'< u good for -women as for me n.^\Vorn < while. you eleep,, it "causes no trouble." '¦ x
You feel the gentle, glowing beat fronvit constantly.- but nosting.no burnlnr," as r;.
; in old-etyle belts. BHBB8J8HKttJWBMitMBflMW|( Wl ''^SlBJnBftffl
Call to-day, or send for my. beautiful book,..full 'of «,the thlngrn 'a^ : man. likes to •"
. read If be" wants' to .be a strong man.' I Bend. tt ( sealed; free if you' inclose' this ad;: ';.
l\r M f Mr! xuahUn Market Str^S,
Office hours, is a. m. to S:30 # p. m.".Sur»days/10 to 1."
' ' ' " ' '"\ BAILT^ A^ r : v r ? ATrEL - ¦¦•¦ -T-.i '¦'¦' .,-':,- V- '.'¦:¦''¦ ¦.---'.-- ''.. . ."
¦-¦¦ ¦ ¦¦'¦-- ¦.-..'-¦ '¦¦ ¦¦/: ' " '• •¦'¦'-'-¦/¦ ¦ - '•'"" -/' : '' ¦'¦'¦ :• •¦'"- ¦' / ¦ ' ' '- ""¦"•' ¦'¦THE SAN ERANCISCO GALL, ;/,SUNp^Yj-;;Y^P^m;-:{6^;;:.19ipi2.s
; - Charles O'Brien, 'a confirmed. t^hief, was
sent' to' the County Jail for three^montha
by Judge < Mogan yesterday. , He stole a
keg. of. nails from a vessel at Spear-strect
wharf. He had just served a sentence of
six months for stealing a ham. V t ,.~'
Petty Thief Sentenced.
Customs Inspectors ¦ Sackett,' BennlngeK
Frank * McDonald, Head^ and More',cap?
tured a dray load of. smuggled goods yes-^
terday morning on board the transports
Kilpatrick, Egbert . and CrOok. ¦•• : Among
the goods slezed were 2100 cigarettes.; 3850
cigars and two china tea sets, on board
the Kilpatrick, ; 1295 cigars ' and • several
doien > silk , handkerchiefs,' embroidered
shawls,* china^tea; sets, ¦ pillow covers/, ta
ble covers, doylies, metal placques,, etc.;;
on ¦ board . the transport \ Crook and -.two
bolts • of cloth, 4000 ; cigars and a case " of
crockery on the Egbert. -_; T " ¦'¦' ¦'• . '-'
Smuggled ' Goods -Seized.
The following named business men were
elected. to membership In the association":
Horace L. Hill, .'William G.^Loewe, .John
Parrott, William S. Tevis and E.S.-Pills
bury. • • ";'. • -V . . , "' * v
It» was decided, to call to the attention
of the Board of Public Works the fact
that there are at present seventy-five
blocks and thirty crossings in the busi
ness district still payed with cobbles, and
to recommend that an appropriation of
$125,000 be Included ln the estimates of;the
next tax levy for the repavement i.of ac- s
cepted streets, exclusive/of the work..'tq
be done on Third street. Recommenda^
tions for the improvement of county roads
will also be made by ; the association' to
the Board of Public Works. y ". : ;..:^
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Association,, held yes
terday, Charles Bundschu, Foster. P. Cole,
W. P. Redlngton and F.H.Wheelan; were
appointed a committee to co-operate with
similar committees from other local com
mercial organizations in making arrange
ments for a San Francisco day at the ap
proaching " Bakersfield Street Fair _and
Carnival. , * .
Discuss Matters of Interest ; to
. ": . Community at Large_. ¦ ¦. .
Directors of r : Merchants'. , ¦ Association
MAKE ;.
: - -' ' FOR PXTBLIC BENEFITS
The site for the encampment- has not
yet been selected. If . the . Pavilion is . to
be the choice of the edmmlttee, -then the
residents In the 'district thus, honored
must assist in raising the money therefor.
Unless Uhis - can be secured,'- j the;offer of
the:.- Government to house the visiting
knights In wall tents at the Presidio must
be accepted. The choice will depend upon
the success with which the. appeals for
financial .aid are' met when the committee
commences Its . work to-morrow.
. General R. H. Warfield has- accepted the
chairmanship - of < the parade committee
and is alreaayat- work^arranging the de
tails of that; feature-; of ".the encampment.
More than 15,000 uniformed knights \ will
be in line, not to mention tha Naval bri
gade and State militia. Captain Thomas
A. Nerney of the Naval brigade has been
communicated with and he has announced
his willingness to : participate j,in the
parade -with his entire organization.
Colonel ThomaJs- O'Neill of the First Cali
fornia Regiment will be requested to co
operate. . :. .: ¦ *.-
Reports.received from the lodges in the
interior as well as from all parts of the
coast indicate a large attendance at the
encampment. /The lodges will / turn__out
in full force and the parade is expected
to; excel anything of the kind ever wit
nessed-in-this city. In addition; to the.
visiting knights,. It is believed fully 25,000
strangers will come to ' the city during
the encampment.
The subject | of i holding an^openrair^ ex
hibit county - products * during - the^ ten
days' rencampment has been broached^ and
It I i^: likely' to ] be realized. • -, Two prominent
knights j f romvNap.a. and Sonoma ' counties
Visited* headquartefs .'i- arid-«'said
that - the ' sentiment . among E the ; interior
commanderies ls J largely" in -favor of '. the
project. «If a' suitable site for the exhibit
can be found, plenty of exhibits may be
had. Union Square has' been suggested
as- the best- and most central . place for
holding the proposed exhibit, ' and it will
likely be selected. . i ¦'''',. x 'Vv- .t
c<The :¦/ executive committee- , -In
Chargef'the j arrangements -of .the' : details
"for the i reception and ¦¦ entertainment of
'ihe- \ 15,000 \ iUnif orm ; Rank, Knights of
Pythias, who are to attend the. grand en
'campment tdibe';heldin,this ; clty, on Aug-,
ust li.'iisi busily -engagedilnVthe discharge
ofvjts: duties;^The .wojrk'of raislngifunds
wlll[1»e^,^c<i^w^\:ed**to^m6rr6'^\ 1; and\'the
:indicatioijs>are : thatS'the^citizens v wilU re
spond (vMthVtheir usual ..'generosity! " V
j Chairman .Charles; L» - Pattbri of ¦ thevex
ecutive;, committee' ; received, a letter : from
thej Governor, yesterday announcing*' his
.willingness to : co-operate with the com
niittee-ln.' every way 'to secure the,' com
plete success of the^encarnprnentr. A shni
lar^ -^ letter? 'W^lis; , received -"•i* from... \Mayor
Schmitz, : w^io : a'ssured* the "coranii^tee that
, hex would do .all In ; his pbwer'to; assist in
rendering the affair the success it prpm
ises; to ¦•" be.r : ¦,:'-¦¦ "^ ¦':¦' '.'.«ti r ;.:¦' V 'i\
Parade of Uniformed Knights
of Pythias Will Be a |
Big, AfFair. , .
• - - - • ¦ : . • ¦
Assures
; ; ment ; ; Committee of
- His Friendshp.^ '%
MAYOR SCHMITZ
WILL CO-OPERATE
The Golden Gate Valley Improvement
Club at Its last meeting adopted a reso
lution," which will be forwarded to the
proper authorities, " calling attentnoh I to
the reckless manner in, which the FiH
more-street cars are run on that street,
between Green street and the bay.- ¦ Itfls
claimed that a speed of from fifteen -.to
twenty-five miles an hour is maintained,
and that accidents are of almost; daily
occurrence. . - Ai&WS : '"-^t'H,
Bun at Very High, Speed.
John L. Ferguson, assistant' . general
passenger agent of . the . Chicago and
Northwestern Railroad, is ouc here on a
short vacation. His headquarters are in
Chicago ' and this Is . his first visit to the
coast. He is a guest at the. Palace. -
General Funston leaves this evening,
accompanied by his family, f orj, Denver,
where he will take charge of the Depart
ment of Colorado.
John D. Sloane of New. York has en
gaged expensive rooms at the Palace. He
is touring the coast with his family. '
T. H. JlcDermott, a mining man, Is up
from Mo jave and has - made his head
quarters at the Palace.
J. C. Bull Jr., a capitalist and. promi
nent citizen of Eureka, is -spending a few
days, at the Lick. . ;. . .... .." .. ' x
Ernest Reed of New -York, who is an
extensive importer of. silks, is a guest at
the Palace. ~,i*.:ft ; :<
Rawson Underhill, "a. prominent society
man of New York; is a guest at the Pal
ace. : ¦¦• - ;^- ; '..: 1 ,' •:•¦•
Thomas E." Johnson, a | shoe manufac
turer of Boston, is at the Palace.
James S. Craig, a banker of Woodland,
is registered at the Grand. ; .
T. F. Dunaway, a well-known resident
of Reno, Is at the Occidental. :
Dr. H. GoEsage, a medical practitioner
of Petaluma, is at the Grand. "¦'¦
W. D. Crichton, an. attorney of Fresno,
is a guest at the Lick. ',.•-, *»,
PERSONAL MENTION.
¦i] . :- ' ¦ -.-¦¦¦.. ,-...,. ¦ -.;;¦ ,;-. v .^: :
. j The .commission j elected by . the \ Calif orr •
nla Water and Forest: Association" to-pre
pare amendments -. to f-the} existing .V Stated
laws' bearing |upoir§ water ...'jappropria. tlon
and. water. uses In; Calif ornia-i hrave reached
Some conclusions. > The /members who- met :
are Prof essor C: D.yMarx' of Stanford;Uni
yersity, PrpfessbriSoule of the "University
of : California, Chiefs Justice Beatty,: Presl-,
dent Benjamin^ Ide'iiWtieeler fof ? the Uni-'
v'ersity of Calif oTriia,'J. -S.' Lappincott ! of
the ;_Upit.ed States". (Geological Survey and
tillwbod^Mea.d.'virrigatlon . expert -'of;'. the
Goverhment.'J ; ;'^ '- : '- \'\ .-."... ". •¦'.•\ '• :-;-' '>
h TheVs^bjec.tl matter', in- hand ; was filially
divided: into ( two ' : parts— present ; condition
and • what should be\ doiie in Hhe • future. '
tt was the unanimous^pinton of the ¦com
mission that any steps tfc/-.t could be taken
to finally J the; status of -the
vested .rights of the users of water would
be.-of "the'Titmost advantage, so that these
users ! r5would be -protected once ; and.' for
all.: time r in-- the -legitimate use;.of .- their
holdings ' without •danger]' of vlnterference
and without Vthe'consequerit large .'expenBei
of .litigation • that^migTit;', ensue.: ; ;. . ' "• • ;
i On "the other, hand, * it was that
the, laws '.bearing -upon the " use' of "water
should; in Uhe future. be so amended as
to avoid the vast amount" of litigation
that has been had in the past, and to out
line a method whereby all entanglements
which hitherto confronted the users of
water should forever be obviated. • :
; A ¦ meeting of . the commission will 'be
held . June 23 . in this city. : , Prior to this
meeting "members of the commission hav
ing any scheme to propose will send the
same in writing to the headquarters j of
the association on or before the- first of
June. Copies of • any proposed scheme
will be mailed to. all., the members of the
commission.. '• ;»¦%':.:'>•
GENERAL HITGHES TAKES
CHARGE OF DEiPARTMENr
New Commander, by Reason of Age,
Will Hold Office for Only
¦ - : \."./ . -One Year.;- "
Major General -Robert, P. Hughes ar
rived in the city-yesterday. morning and
assumed command of., the Department of
California.' The staff officers rand; other
prominent officials in the department gave
him a hearty welcome at headquarters, In
the Phelah buildlng.v He had expected to
take a more extended leave. of absence
after his service in the Philippines; ¦ but
finally . came ' to the ; conclusion, that he
could recuperate Jn. California better, than
anywhere else. His tenure of office here
will end in;about a year, at which time
he .will have ; reached; the age liniit and
will retire.. ~ '.. ' , V.' ...
' The headquarters- band and Second Bat
talion ¦ of -the- Seventeenth -Infantry, 1 Col
onel Goodale in command, left the city
yesterday for their new station at \Van
couver Barracks, Washington. Com
panies M,, K, I and B of 'the same regi
ment will leave to-morrow; " the \ first- two
for ' Fort Wright, "Spokane/ Wash.'," and
the "others f or ' Boise ; Barracks, S Idaho, } •
.The 'militaxy^authdrlties ; a^tt the ; Presidio
propose to I builds a" riew\ entrance i to :,the
reservation 'at * the corner of Broadway
and Lyon' streets. v;--
Pays Dearly for Masquerading 1 . '
John O'Brien, a cook, who was arrested
at Sutter street and Grant avenue Fri
day night by Policeman D. Murphy while
masquerading in false whiskers seeking
for his rival, appeared -before Judge Ca
banlss yesterday. On. a charge .' ; of mas
querading in disguise he ! was t. fined - J100,
with the alternative of fifty days in the
County Jail, and''fir carrying a concealed
weapon he was sentenced to sixty days
in Jail. \
last year the company, spent over $700, 00C ln
improvements, and Is -now planning, to spend,.
$600,000 the. coming summer on improvements
over and above the regular running expenses.
By May 1 the furnaces now being erected will
'be in running order,, and the company will
then be able to treat 2500 • tons . of ore every
twenty-four '¦ hours. ¦ ¦ .•; . '
. Local mining men. who are ¦ In a position- to
pass opinions place little weight on the rumor
that he may ¦ sell. Greene has been taking : an
active part in the planning ot work for the
coming year. * •
Canadians Are Stirring.
The Canadian 'miners are urging that
they shall have a Mining Department, be
ing, stirred thereto by the work that has
been performed in ..the United ¦ States for
such a department. The Ledge, published
at Vancouver, says: ,. . .. ; r.
The meeting of the Canadian Mining Insti
tute In Montreal a few days ago was notable,
not only for the large attendance and the live
ly interest taken in the proceedings,, but "also
lor tho business brought forward and the na
ture of the topics discussed. . The chief among
these was the position which the Government
sustains toward the mining industry and . the
extent to which that industry has been bene
fited by the Geolpgical Survey and other public
bureaus. The feeling expressed by the repre
sentatives of the different. mining sections, who
were present ! was - very ' strong and the whole
debate, wlth ; the action taken, - constitutes an
important episode in the mining history of the
Dominion. •_ •• ¦ '• ¦;,¦; . : -.
" As--to the. best 'means some, difference, of
opinion was - shown. 'The , large \ majority
favored the creation of a department of rr.ines
which should Include " the ' present ¦ GeoloeScal
Survey .as Ita : scientific ¦ section,, and , should
rIsq '.have 'an active branch ¦¦ devoted to the
economic and .commercial .side of the mining
Industry* i''; : .'-,3 >:N.-". /.\'->>:' ¦" r : . ' V- - ;. .
• There'.Is * an unconfirmed rumor : going " the
rounds * to the effect.* that ?¦W. ¦ C. ;. Greene,*' the
copper king, h'as7£ort*ls about . to dispose ;of
his interest 1 ln the Greene Consolidated, Copper
Company to a New York syndicate.!.The,prop
erty owned : by : the~'Cflmpany' fs , in r the i Stats | of
Sor.ora, K Mex., and is- such- a .wonderful deposit
of copper that there are literally mountains of
ore. < Numerous propositions i have \ been ¦ made
to Mr.' Greene,' but to all' he has turned a] deaf
ear.'trafuslnr to name a figure thnt .would' even
tempt \ him to- part with '. his Canairea • mli<p. Z. •¦
, v A r local i mining. man, - -wiho .' recently; returned
from there, says It is without doubt ¦ the great
est copper deposit in, the "world. During -the
The'.ios AngeleS;Times says:
"'"' "th'i' -Mdiihtaffl ' Copp'e^ 1 "Company is ' /making;
all Its water .'jackets 'iW' solid ¦•copper.' p The
jackets' cost" about;- .?T6 '^iece .and 'are made. tin
the- '.company' s. .foiiiidry.-.'.. The B metal .- )s ; ob
tained from the copper cement, the; product of
the" leaching boxes at the mine. \ The first 'cop-'
per jacket'- was made about three months ago.
The test since has be.en satisfactory. Although
coating much more Vin- the first - place,-. '; their
tenure of .usefulness. Is so long that they, will
in . time • replace, castirpn jackets. _ _ ¦'.'.._ ...
B | Smelter ' men i froni • other . places say : the ' cop
per Jackets tit .Keswick, are the first, they have
see'nj,',' Furnace J?Ou!>l I s - now furnished, through
out", wtthv tKe"^n«\V '-tityY^ot.-'' jackets- artd>,lt - Is
Lconsld^red.Jjy^all "iodil»-*the.- best ' turnate at ¦ the
.smelter.';-.- -Other '¦ fiirnacts^ have '. a ¦ few '.. cojipTer
Jack'et8/.{h« : j»ew Etyielbplng put" In' a**; the -old
'Jack^tSfiiyeJQUt:;-;.-:^*::^^: "i-i V "¦' .r.-^.V '^,\ >.-.
SpoUts,* too, are 1 bow. made of copper.' ¦'¦•To 1 'the
ordinary, eye they appear to be a simple cast
ing of iron.- -But foundry men, who : ought . to
Jtnow, say the^. are a pasting, that is -Very d.if9--'
1 cult to ¦ make- so . that , it :. .wil 1 ¦ '. stand , tl^e * flery
1 test of the furnace. HowSver, 'spouts . made I of
copper stand ; that test,"-, iand . In*. the • future' - all^
spouts will be I made of copper notwithstandlns
their lncreaaed cost. ¦•-; ." <.j "
,1*he; .Redding. Free Press . says :
-According tosthefKedding 1 ,' Searchlight,
Eriiil Holflen h$g. beeii negotiating for the
sale of four asfcejetos: claims. for.$4Q00. The
asbestos ledge Is reported^.ton- vary from
ei^ti^een finches to three , and* a/ half • feet
o^Copper.
*The Oallfornla-Bangor Slate : -i'-'C6mpany;.'. Is
preparing . to rbperate ¦ quarries *ln ¦ Kelsey- ; > dis
trict. The company ; «*sfns...^u}Iy ? two .miles .of
the slate .belt, extending' from' the, ' Kureka'
company*3 property to William Burton's -plaice.
The t quarry ; will . be equipped ¦ with the latest
improved r prachlhery,;. which .will, i; be i.. much
hefcvier'thaav&hyiever'use-d in the county. . ,",'
;; At the Kureka slate quarry a tunnel 500
feet long will 'be -run. to be used for drainage
purpose.- ' The California .Slate I Company, ope
ratirg -near- Flacervllle,-~.shipped a-carload.of
slate last week. This company is only com-'
xnencing ,to ship, this being > the . second car
this year.;' The Eureka company has, shipped
iri> the^- neighborhood of thirteen carloads , of
sHte since the first- of the year. <¦ Each car, cpn
talns.--about eighty, squares, and at<i'$l(K'per
square; -'• there -.18 • some /money in thaf much
slate.' >»-i ¦ ¦...%.;¦.-.::¦- *u*- i ;;;'.- <\ ¦!; '-.:• '
The Georgetown Gazette says concern
ing the progress of the slate industry ln
Placer County:.:.-.-. ..-
Slate Industry Booms.
Some. Idea of the immense savlntr to the
Mountain Copoer Company can be gained when
it is stated that electricity develops a horse
power of energy for one hour at an expense
of about three-quarters of a cent, where with
wood, coal or petroleum the hourly cost per
horsepower 'for fuel and attention was ' but
little les B than 4 cents, namely 3.6 cen^s. ;
What is going . to be done at this mine . In
Utah is . now being ¦ successfully done with
some of the old gold mines in California, some
of which, long ago, were looked -upon -.as
"worked out." ¦¦ Many of .". these mines were
abandoned, it being supposed that there was
no gold in paying quantity below the depth
they were worked, which probably in no in
etance exceeded 1000 feet. That would hold
true In cases of • "gash" veins, but i with
"fissure", veins the paying depth has not yet
been reached. 1 It will in time be demonstrated
that in California, and in fact along the entire
Pacific Coast; • taking the Rocky Mountains a3
the eastern boundary, that the vein formation
Is largely fissure In character, and that", the
depths yet attained are but - superficial, as
compared -with what mine working will be a
few years hence. ¦' ' . • ' - .
The Calaveras Prospect reports that the
development of the Greek mine,, near the
Banner mill, has begun. The old Central
Hill gravel mine*' near San .Andreas, has
been bonded.' ¦<•••¦ ¦ ¦- -.". ¦
The Amador Ledger reports that-prep
arations are making to operate the Fre
mont'and Grover claims on a large scale,
and the works bid fair to be equal, If not
superior, td any in the county. .
The great plant of the Mountain Copper
Company . at Keswick, Shasta County, is
now operated' by electricity. The Redding
Free Press says that electricity has been
•used for some time on the slag- railroad
connected with the plant. ¦< . - :
. As an instance of how differently, as com
pared with ten years ago, . to go no further
back, sinking to greater depths for the richer
ore bodies is regarded," the following may be
cited — It is but one of many: At the Cactus
mice .in Utah-it .has--.been. -decided to put the
shaft down to a depth of 2000 feet before
further exploring on the vein. , The shaft is
now down. C00 feet, but the owners, after In
vestigation and deliberation, have decided that
it-, will pay, them better to go to the greater
depth before attacking their ore bodies. - be
lieving that they will find the. ore -more uni
form ln value at the greater : depth, and as it
can be more economically worked by stoplng.
The Amador Record says that when the
mill has Its full complement of 100 stamps,'
the Gwin mine plant wiu be the finest on
the mother lode. The same journal says
that the chlorination works at Sutter
Creek, known as the Amador Reduction
Works, have been started up, \using' oil
for fuel. •
When the water was turned on In the
Melones mine at Melones, Calveras Coun
ty, everything went well. Nearly $1,000,
000 has been expended in : six years, t Sixty
stamps are now dropping and sixty more
will be put in soon. •
The Los Angeles Times, discussing deep
mining and new methods, says:
Improvements Are Large.
The Toulomne Independent reports that
San Francisco capitalists are bargaining
for the George Mapes . gravel mines ; at"
Yankee Hill. Thomas Brown has sold a
part of the Sunnyslde quartz mine, near
Five Mile Creek, to A; A/ Cline. 'Ernest
A. Wiltse has agreea to sell to Augusta
H. Ward of : Alameda-the Two Brothers
and the Little Sister quartz mines, near
Groveland, and also a milling site of five
acres at the head of Deer Creek. The
Peacemaker mine, near Arastraville, has
been sold by U. S. Green to Paul F. Green
of Sonoma. . ¦ .
It begins to appear that . there will be a
boom in the resumption of gravel mining: In
this county. -At Springfield deposits of. great
richness have been discovered. C. L. Lang
Is operatins a claim at Mount : Brown. ' ban
Jose people are negotiating for seventeen acres
belonging to W. Mansfield, at Columbia. Don
fiera, Mapeg and Conlin are heaving the gravel
and recovering the gold on - their "properties
at Yankee Hill. : There is another piece of
ground near- there, the Clnelli rancn. awaiting
the pick and pah .to bring to light the hidden
treasure. That place has , a large bed of
eravel. ¦ ... .. .¦ .-.. ,.. .•..-. . , ¦•
The Mother Lode Banner says:
Rich strikes on the mpther lode have .beea
so lrequent of late that a Ond must iun;in.to
hundreds -'of-'' .thousands .of : dollars « noly;, or At
¦will not Lcreate any ' &reat ; interest yoir .talk.
Probably 'no larger or 'richer .-strikes'- than the
two just ¦'¦ reported -in • the Jumper, and Sheep
Ranch claims have been made. : In the former
about $2,000,000 were taken out of a very email
area. At' the Sheea Ranch, in which w: H.
Clary Sr;:of this city is Interested, a rjrh
vein has -."been -uncovered. Then "again a. rich
pay chute in the Dead Horse has just .been
located. Now comes the report , that some very
rich rock- has Mietiri UoUnd -in the' John^-Bull
district, about Hve miles north of Valley
Springs. ' r :. V ' >~: ¦¦
Says the -Stockton "Independent:
Strikes on Lode.
.: ; ¦ - ¦ - - ¦-. . -..:-. • . ,
Recent news . from the mines of Cali
fornia is good. Several" new and rich
strikes have given fresh confidence to- the
mine owners. The. work of making large
and costly Improvements is progressing
well and vast plants are being developed.
As -will be seen, . thef Mountain , Copper
Company in Shasta County has been add-;
ing facilities;.,. The. : various Indications
tend to show 1 that ' the mining \ industry ! ia
entering 'upon an :of .' development in
this State, .In - comparison : : to v^which all
previous works : in California ";wiin seem
small. There Js sale for. good properties.
Seldom has "the outlook -"seemed as bright
for the miners as.it. does now. . ;: i;
Many ¦ Costly Developments
Are Made Upon a
Large Scale.
Important Qiie&i/ions Arise at
the Outset or the Pro
¦ ;; ; \ - ;'. ; ceeding8; ' ' ';.: .
Recent Strikes Are Rich
and Encourage the"
./.Owners. .;
Commission, to Consider
,: Waterllights^Makes
First Move. /
DISCUSS PLANS
TO AMEND LAWS
MINES MAKING
GOOD RECORDS
27
DIRECTOR
OP RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues: ana Price Lists -flalW.
.; on. Application. n .^V r
- , COAL. COKE AND Plb IROX- .
F^ESH'aNIJ SALT^MEATS^ _ ':':¦ p
JAS RfiYFS^fft -SWpPU»ff ButchersTloi
JAJ- UUIU tt WII^ Clay. T«l... M»la 1XM.
;•" - ""//,- ";;^oii?."'\"' K - " *¦' *
LUBRICATINO OILS.* LEONARD r * ELLIS,':
418 Front it.. S. r. Phone Main 1719. 4
-.. PRINTING. ¦
FT HTTfiHF^ ¦ ¦ -' - printer. s
C-.t- nUUflJ^. ... ... m gansome St.. 3.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE H3CK&-JUDD CO.. ' ¦'[*? ,
• ..-.•». 23 First strtiei. Salt Franelacd;..
V>NE\V >VBSTERN HOTEll|
KEARNY'An1> WASHINGTON STS.'-iREi*
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO.\ Eurojiean -plan. .'¦ Rooms, 50c to $1 50 days
$5 to $S week: $S Do $20 month. Fre« baths;
hot ande«M"W»«»f evry room; fire jraWiti
every room: elevator runs all nliit.
¦ v^/^^t^- f IVE DOLLAR ,
j REGTRIC BELT.
; - RiB feFBc-.A'^i— 3*sflf^ Same a3 other*
S Xt^St^S^3iPl!«^ $20. Guaranteed
7 : . ... *aS®^»T> - 1 •• sa-niP". • Pf-wer-v
J ' 3? ¦' fnl ' current. ' Latest, lift*
>•¦.. ' ' ProvemeBl*.- >'li-- cur««' '
... i ¦¦•.¦ ::¦-> ¦«r^re s - ;'->_>»iunMit-v-i*M»flicfl«ew r t Not--
i sold- by agents or uriiggiats. . -Ni» aiscounts.
¦ Free by mall on receipt of prise. • Circulars
.free. Ask for th<j •. "Dr. Alden -Electric
* Belt." - Call or ' address" the ¦ PIERCU
i ELECTRIC CO:. ;2O« Post. St.. S; P;" • "-.
' S- v : i^\ :: ";'- ¦ -- •¦-•' >\'J.'.~'-r~ii.->-X> :
¦ iA%£E3§ffimB2iM »«n<x*y for Gonorrhoea.
'wSSKP'^tinrir^BM <?l e <-'t. Spermatorrhoea,
'.^litr CURES Whites, unnatural dii-
">M& fin Ita Sdsys. charxea, or anr inflammi-
SsSv ¦ Oaar»o£ted to *T tion, irritation or ulcera-
|k r r0T . n t eoaio(i«nl 'tion'of nnconi mom*
f^THEEyANSCHEUJ^CO. SJ °££STt£ '
¦¦¦ .fgjjM or sent In plain wrhppar.
\gffigV U.S. A. l>7 exprew, prepaid, for
: <^l^£b^_-rf^H? flOO, or 3 bottles, »2.T3.
' B Circular icat oa request.
WeaK jMetfafla ;Wpme|i'
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
• Great * : Mexlcarr - Hemedy ; ¦•¦ el ves » freatth
strength to sesual organs. 'Depot, 323 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;¦ V ,j .
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor .
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent toy .-Mall
; ; to All Who Writey; ; ¦ ; ;: y:
-Free -trial- packages of a most .remark-
able remedy are being mailed to air who
will write' to, the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men' who had battled
for years against ¦ the mental and physi-
cal Bufferings of lost manhood that the
Institute' has' decided to distribute ¦„ free
- trial packages to all who write. : It is ' a
home :treatment, and : , all men who - suffer,
from any form af sexual, weakness result--
ing from'-youthful'/foHy; 'premature; loss 1
of strength ' arid • meniory, t weak; back, prg.- \
ricocele/or •emaciation . of r parts can > now)
cure themselves at 'home'.' ; ,'¦' .^^ /A $%&
,The remedy has a « peculiarly, .gTateful\
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just, where it is needed. '-
It cures all the iljs-'" and troubles that-
come from years of misuse' of the natural'
functions and- has been: an sue-'
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 32S Elektron building,
Fort Wayne, Ind.; stating that you desire
one of their free trial packages, will fee-
complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great class of
men who are unable to -leave home io be
treated, and the free samples- will enable
them to see how easy- it is to ."be cured of
sexual , weakness when the : proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restriction's. Any man who writes will-
be cent a free sample, Carefully sealed-, ln
a plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of. embarrassment ,or> pub-
licity.- - Readers J are '¦ requested ¦; ? to \ write
without delay.. 9HK98BK
:
1 Steady Increase of Interest in the I
I ¦-••; Great brganizatioh WHicfi Now |
I Overshadows the Basket=Mak= §
I ing Industry of this Country. I
B- 1 - ¦'¦ ••¦ Reason for the pfreat and increasing demand for. shares of the Mcr-, I]
S;genthaler-Horton Basket Machine Co.. is not far to seek. s " ; l]
H J .,It is diie to popular approval of the Company's plans and to popular, h
h comprehension ofthe Company's great future. |]
H -" Previous publication, of. the. great scope and money-earning power of H
ffl this Company's field of operations has been made in -this newspaper, l]
p Whole communities have, become interested in the undoubted power of " LI
B the Company's- automatic- basket-making machines to completely I]
B f revolutionize the basket .industry. .It is safe to say that every county .. h
H in every State in the Union has .representation among the present share-- m
H" This company is composed of Shareholders who are participating .in 1]
B increase. of values as the various allotments of shares are taken up. The E4
II present allotment at . ¦ ' - -. • v . ;¦ 1 : . •
I.-. 50 Cents a Share. f
B ¦•;¦' tpar Value $1.00. Full paid and Non- Assessable) 4 |1
B- is -being subscribed more' rapfdly than any previous allotment. M
Ej. This is because it is plain . to all that the 'shares of this Company, |j
B- which will control the prices and product of an important and growing' 1 1
|1 industry, must steadily advance as the Company's plans develop into ac- ||
B ; , Facts for the Consideration of Investors. n
H . : .The actual yearly demand exceeds 1 ON THE PRESENT ; VOLUME O? W
m." Two 31Hion Baskets. BUSINESS. . .- - ¦-¦ •, ' ... f|
m ' Value at wholesale. Eleven Million This volume, Increases at the rate of ?:]
m Dollars. . ;. ; ¦ - over 150.000.000 per year. -\
W , The net "profit: on this volume of The machines may be seen In opera- if
B' business last year was $1,387,000. ',. . . tlon at the Robinson Basket Company's *|
El';-: ' The Baskets were all made by hand. factory.. Pairiesville. O., where over %\
« - . - . Each Mereent-haler- Horton Company thirty- are' Installed: at Elmira.-N. Y., ¦ fm
n .:. machine does the. work of twelve, men. .at the machine shoos of Emmett Hot- H
3 The saving in labor by the. use ot the ton, one of the inventors, and at Sodus, M
H' ; Merttenthaler-Horton • Basket Machines' N. T., where they are also- in operation. Ej
13 amounts to more than TWO MILLION .The practical work ins of- the ma- - t'J
H g - DOLLARS ANNDALLT. • •- chines Is now shown in every office of Bl •
H This grlves earnings for the company the Company. . . .•,.;.. &
g§ of OVER THREE MILLION THREE The Company -will not sell or lease |J
m HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS. its mach;l'nes. bat will «qt»lp and own"' H
M OR : OVEK . THIRTY-THREE PER and operate basket factories all Over Bl
M CENT, ON THE . ENTIRE . CAPITAL this country. . ' .: m
li; ALL THE STOCK; IS COMMON STOCK. . 1
M There are no preferred shares,^ no -bond3, and no debt3., Early shareli old- fj
H ers-now see their shares double in value. . New subacribers will see; their I M
B shares ' double ln value, and still the limit of price for these shares will not H
m " be reached, because just as surely as the Linotype - Machine pays It3 W
H; shareholders -twenty per cent on ten millions of capital, just so suTely will ft]
¦ { the Automatic •. Basket-Making 1 1 Machines, which save ~ three times as much \
H labor as the Linotype,' earn -dividends which will make the shares of the •"
H Mergenthaler-Hofton Basket Machine Company .sought foe at.j?rices,whiclv Bt
B are beyond ptesent computation. ...;'.j^v :\o. ... «¦=•»•*, ./-, -..)> §g
\ BASKET MACHINE CO; I
I : capital; $10,000,000. ; i\
13 OFFICERS: $$$Bj*k. AGENTS : j I]
I ,tS^ The Corporation Trnst.Co, J
|f|^ -V^ipNEYB. WHITLOCK. of New YotL-. J^ f ll
j |:;S 507 HMIST^BIJILDING, SAN FliANaSCO.
I : Subscribers to the stock of the Mergenthaler-Horton V basket Machine -@
I 'Company may send -or bring their 1 subscriptions to any office of the CoaH^B
I pany.^ Checks, drafts, and money orders should be drawrr"tr>. the order of M
I CHARLES R. BARLOW, Treasurer. No subscription accepted -for. less than l|
¦I ;. lili exacttworIs. -i|J|
ii The /.-Famous fnventor's Opinion of \thej: Basket. Machines II
M : now Owned and : Controlled by ,the Mer genthaler- ' ||
II * ( Korton Basket Machine JCo. Full Story ' '<- n
B . '.'" of Mr. Mergenthaler's Connecfon fl
K:. ..^-f/:. With These Machines. \\
I I --.Ottmar Mergenthaler, Inventor -of the Ltobtype Machine and" inrentor I'J
H; : of one of the Basket- Making of this company, made the follow- si
H } ring statement about one year before his death: ..;,-.- -v •; jf|
W*' ):¦* "This machine is as much a revolution in bas- |l
U ket-making as the Linotype ihi^s proven to" in s . ||
1 typesetting, and I do not; see why a company \\
B owning and controlling the patents should not B
i receive an immense revenue.' ' | j
|1 Mr. Mergenthaler continued to take the deepest Interest in the Basket \\
if Machine, and the last efforts of his life were in connection, with the) Ma- l§f
n chine and watching its operation. . B3
n The" patent on the Basket Machine invented by Ottrnar Mergentbaler H
U was Issued to his estate December 31, 1901, and is numbered 690,322. Copies i\
B ¦ of this patent may- be secured on application to the Patent Office In "Wash- il
R lngton; or bycalling atanyofflce of- this Company, and each copy bears M
i the assignment of all right and title In the patent to the Horton Basket fl
I Machine Company, which Company has been absorbed and is controlled |j
E " by the Mergenthaler-Hortoh Basket Machine' Co. li
I NOTE. Beyond the fact that, several directors l\
p - and a number of shareholders of the Mergen- ||
H thaler Linotype Co. are shareholders and officers |j
|| in the abova mentioned Horton Basket Machine [I
M .¦ -- Co., now absolutely controlled by the Mergenlhafer- |)
ra Horton Basket Machine Co., there is no connection I]
B. whatever between the Mergentha'er-Horton Bas- .. |.|
M -;ket Machine Co. and the Mergenthaler Linotype Co. »]
B -The -foregoing is an official: statement of facts! .made,, by "authority, of. M
rl the Board of Directors of the Mergenthaler-Horton Basket Machine Co. t'J
¦ l " CXi • (Signed) CHARLES R. BARLOW, Treasurer. g
Healtliy ? ||lm(i^ in a: Healthy^; Body;
.Stomach and. bfain. affect each other. V A sick. stomach: sours the disposition,
-and /prevents sleep; :and t brain rest, anda sick brain sours the stomach and clogs
l±ie i * bowels. -Men.' of sedentary ; habits," brain \ workefsi who'-" don't -get. much ';• ¦
exercise, have _sickl stomachs and bowels, and wear out their brains and. nerves.^ '.
.'•-',.¦ .^4*^*(^W-t, "I work in the ofSee'and don't get as much ! exercise 'as I shpu^d.'
~?jbB.\ ¦•• -;,'J^S - »nd when I feel bad I Just take' » Cascaret -which alivaj-s makes me feeT
mj\.:'' ' '" alright."— J. E. Eohan; Q. & C. Route, Crescent, Ky. -•;¦¦>:¦¦:,: •¦: ;
' * > ' " mE. £¦* :|M '' L -'¦' / «*'^^'- '.'¦ ' "I-had'a torpid liTer for months.^- 1 boucht a box of Caecareta In- 1
'" ' : '¦» f Washington and hnvo not only been put in perfect health, bnt v haT<j I
¦ >¦ *.''X~S~'Kjh. . '¦"' '*' l' ; .-T^'.'BWnod Considerable in weight, "—Harry Hodgson; Bockville, Md. -. -% : *
!¦' . ' "'¦¦'¦-¦¦til • ~ r '^^t- "\1 '''i : "'Oascarets were the r only modleine^I hadlwith tno : wh<)n 1 beat the"
; .-.-. .''«f-^»\: ¦¦ '¦'-- vc*' "¦¦ W - ; '"orld.'s» record" asi'.'Champion Corn-Husker of America*" husking
' •" •-. * '-\."^",\ i&& ~^3L ' ' ' '•¦"'.V'i "2 7 ?'* ):ni>118^ sia 1" hours."— E. E. Kimberlin, La Harpe, 111. - ¦. • - - ;..
' ' ASotf'*'''7*? 'i'\- '.'.¦'••'" : -V ' """Cascarats cured mo radically of dyspepsia and
: ¦ /\ J, W-Mf ¦¦ 'J ( V, I 1 ','"«'„".: headache and my weisht -which before was 120 is now ¦
jjr^J* -\&%&j : --J; V ' 150 lbs. "-S.Navarro.Bilosi, Miss.- '¦¦ .- :<
*/ '.^nJ -^e&TjS / ¦ * '"Some timeaeo, whilolvra's in Jllllersbnrg. Pa.. Mr."
'¦ '<rX ' / '¦'"!¦ /r- Freck, tho landlord, -was afflicted -with severo pains
,f *r '¦ '¦'¦^*33pmt-'/' ' : l/ ! '' in tho stomach. I insisted. upon his taking a Cascaret
:lm :",'¦¦'§,'¦ '^Jm^. '.:"•*":¥ .» !».<- before going to bed and 'next jnorning. ho paused 6 In,'-
'¦•'•Mi 'fr ¦' jm^ 1^^ ''¦"" '^Zjr i\ ' : " 'I'V"= -"of a tape-worm. He bought a box of Cascarets and •
'¦V'»-|''^\'iM -'^r-i&lt V*' *.-'••' \ "\ ' '• — tape-worm 45 feet long came from him hnad and all." ,~r
> !^\'*-^^' ! i^/'^v' s C'V"'-' : ' ' !*¦'••"*»'»¦. '-dl r ~ Chai.iE. Condon, Mifflinbure.lPa.'.
: ' I '/- 1 '¦ ¦ ? . I . ' Jl. ""¦ \ '^^— ' ; . -JBF/JvsPSin W. v ' , ' - .-'¦ •' "I find Cascarots bencflcial : after a spell of hard
: i '.'•' I If /<?*'&!' J '^¦ft work, clearing the brain r.3 well as the bowels^, and
' Ii'*-i'*»r-. ;v ¦'¦'¦l\v3iP'i/»'^*;i "¦ •¦"•Uo worklnc off colds in good shape." .- " ; *.
'li.-: j'^YlV ¦¦'¦'••* JfV^Si2S^."^^'\ ' ¦ '•' ' ' -K.C. Stokes; PhUadelphU;.P«. !
'•¦§¦''" I '- \L ' "' ' mm '^.''^^"^C-- --.^" '.'V * "^ was troubled for 'years with indigestion.
*/; // ',v '//M ; «LL*B» ¦ \ ' "V ¦ One day I.bonghta 25o box of Cascaret*,, and,
I i< ' i -\'.-/4By i \^*^ V'-'«iih»' » thank the Lord that I did. I felt better the
|..,'|->.^1'^H'.-. t^ ¦ " -» second day. Any stomach trouble will be
•%¦' "i '-¦¦ a- mMk. tCW,« ' - ¦^^^^^¦¦^k. oured by Cascarets." ¦- ¦¦¦¦¦¦>--. >.-.-,¦;.>•.- -.-. ,
\ •;¦-.' h ?ilgKL\ '¦'-'-¦ .';¦"'" \ - .- . • ' — D.H. Haughowout, Brakeman. Frisco Line,: .-:_• ,
;.;^— V. fjm yttL'^-X'-'* "-'^^Se^ * ' - ¦'" • ' ' ¦"' '"•' * ' 1137, Washington Ave., St. Louis. •
'^^^tk^-'' ••Cascarets- relieved mo of itching pilesand ¦
V^ (a -^a ¦ TBEBJj. ii. ¦iiiii"'' lumbago which have boon afflicting me annually :
-^uyjjsuj*^--^ at t jj ls uma of the yoar. ¦ Thrco cheers for
- ; ; ¦¦¦.'. ' '. ¦'.'- V^-";V i • . , ' . . . " C G. r vr S .'HiiHard, 1217'Alord St!, ; Indlanapolli. : •'
A t man ; . who -keeps -his .'-bowels regular, with Cascarets Candy Cathartic,, tha't is i
without strain : or violence j can i keep . strong and healthy ' without ; much exercise.', j .
A famous • prof essori in /Jefferson ' Medical ; College 'used ; to ' advise his students: •"( i
'•' Trust • ia : , God and ; keep .your , bowels 5 open ! ' ' : .That's . God ' s [ own Vwisdom ', ? for ' '"¦¦
whea'the_b6wyis'are're^larand:the : digestloa'str6ng and "jhealtHy, then' the sys\- \
tein is safe and the brain aiid nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity, and Iifel '
/??r\ : AAn ; rtftr\< r-'" e8t for. the r Bowels. V. AH druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c. ; Never sold in bulk, j
KULmAVJUDIAlA^J ' Th* genuine tablet stamped ¦ C C C. Guaranteed to cure . o- you* i
money back. - Sample and booklet free. ; Address . . * |
8 *^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. * ftt '.'
ADVERTISEMENTS. .. . ' ,
Ask Your Furnisher For -Tjiein
QEG, P. IDE & CO,
...A'£nafacturc s of... '
"(L-fiJ* SHIRTS, COLLARS ytyW
<$Cty AND CUFFS. QjMWiF
patented adjustable suspender attachment ;
•^^ros^^ff^^tii^^i^i^ If you are interested
¦hV^^^^bJ^^hH I.Stylish and . Comfortable
J 5 see this series of ,
1 !^^^^^^^^^^l I welt-seamed Collars
1 p^^^i^^s^^^^^^^ I ln three heights as
'^^^ £ l^^J^^m^!y'"^^^ !^^^^^^ shown in cut. 1 v t?v
I (GEa P. IDE £ CO. MaKerT]
X ' ' SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH'
516-518 MARKET STREET
SAN FRANCISCO / f
(L bvEfiTKEMENT O
\ VS^k v " e kno^ ot Is a eatlsflec ksI '
W"" :ustomer. consequently- *'#--^H ¦•
}| ire never satisfied with oui I ¦'
W^-'Ji jr or * until we are 6ure th« %.-JM '
I&2 T-ustcmer is. Proper facili EiS«
fY'lS if&. latest apparatus and loni H^.Sfl
1/ experience ougl^t to satlsf> ¦ • W
H you. _^- -. * _ 1 -. M
Ip HOGUE-KiNG W%
H OPTtCAL CO. L . Jj
ILff *11 Port Ft., above Grant avp EpSl
i^k ,»j»^ - ' MB
6 VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREATi >
$SUSEOH OF AHATOHYi
a Cy :::: znzzz zs.w.. t± 47th, s.f.cii , : .
\ jtgT The Lsrrett a^»^«^.;>^; Museum in the
ft *» . /tT'^L. ' w ' or ' d - weaknes»e» or any contracted ; I
i. KtlKW *«*se |waitl«rl 7 <rare4ihy the eldest '
0 {HMt ipecaiist on the Coist. £st.34ye»rs. O
A l^^fc ca - JOaUAH-DISEASESOF HEN/
A I®SPh Consu'.titicm free »nd «frict!y prirate. \
W 1 J&'SH Treirmer-.t personally » \ by If.ter. A|
f S» <SB /With* Cure in every case kndcrukem. \
B P II HO Write for Book. rillLOlOPa H ml A
W ¦ B . II » URBUGE, MAILED FREE, ( A. ¥
i 0 <!• valuable book for nn) . \
T OHJonDlX Jt CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. Y
TO THE PUBLIC.
*** r ***^ ' have been wonder-
Ri£|^ fully cured of fits and ot
V£$> mous herb doctor, Wongr
I f Him. of 115-117 Mason
WgAJjX f dead when I came to
jjft^r/^ were dreadful, but I am
jm3C? m * a ' jC^&k. enjoylns perfect health
f*mp*~J .^KS^> now. 1 can tell any on«
-*fcl!i$«iii^p!» ot tbe w< 5 n derful cnrei
* IB j«ii< ig'T iTy be baa made for me.
1 came from Meridian, Satter County." Cal., to
Dr. Wonj Kim and be has cored me of^ all my
ailment*. • MBS. CHAS. B. DOTT.
Meridian. Sutter County, Cat
January 21, 1002. -
EAN FIIAKCISCO, Oct. «. J 900— To whom
Jt may concern: Thi« Is to certify that -DR.
TVONG HIM of 115-117 Mason st.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make thl*
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly hones:
in every sense of the word, and an honorable
man ln all his dealings. DR. C. A. GAY.
Deattet. 602 Second ave., Seattle, Wash. .
December 15, 1300.— Thl* Is to certify that J
¦was Buffering for fifteen years from Bright' s
disease of the kidneys and & tumor on my left
tlce. I tried a number of doctors and various
reroediei without affording me any relief. That
mix months «ro I applied to Dr. Wonj Him of
115-1 17 Mason st.. Ean Francisco, and now
after six months o' his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of Dr. Wang Him. and that other
rufferers may be relieved, and I win be glad to
certify to this in person to any ons that may
call upon me at my residence.
MHS. JOHN AT^ANSON.
Orchard ave.. Elmhurst. Alameda County. CaL
Cl r 4gATE_NTS!,'Jj
_ MARKET sf. si*^$r
flflPF nnUE I Corner Fourth and
I ft L L U I ! V A I Ma rket. 6. F. Try
I Urr till I il I. our s P e cial Brew,
I Unl L U nL Steam and Lager.
I «*¦¦• mm **w •¦•»« 5p Overcoetis and
valises checked free.-
WppM? Poll Ql (in tipp VpqpCOMMITTEE OF . : NATIVE DAUGH
TERS. THAT IS TRYING TO PRE
SERVE HISTORIC LANDMARKS.
Alemanla Lodge No. 8 of the Knights of
Pythias has elected the following named
to represent it in the next session of the
Grand Lodge: Past Chancellors H. L.
Judell and K. "Winters. Alternates. Past
Chancellors Val Tuska and Henry Striker.
Pythian Delegate.
The consolidation of the well-known
printing houses, William. H. Day of 26
O'Farrell street, and Searle & McClinton.
533 Sacramento street, Is announced. Tha
splendid : reputations enjoyed by .both
houses for fine printing, together with
modern type and machinery. Insure a
bright future for the new firm. The busi
ness of the two houses will hereafter be
conducted under the firm name of Day &
McClinton, with offices at 538 Sacramento
street. •
Consolidation Announcement.
Coroner Leland estimates that ho will
require $17,620 to pay salaries in his office
during- the next fiscal year. He also needs
$6420 for maintenance and Incidental ex
penses, and $2600 to complete the Morgue
building and for its equipment.
Coroner Estimates Expenses.
The badly decomposed body of Charles
Scholtz. a cook, was found yesterday
morning in a room at the New Adelaide
House, 614 Howard street. Schlotz had
been dead for about a week. Ha wa3
a native of Germany, 43 years of age.
There are no evidences of foul play la
the case.
Bead in a Boom for a Week.
..George Graham £ and Thomas O'Brien,
two of the young men charged I with: hold
ings up -John .Hansen, a', cook , at \ the (rail-'
road -hospital on ,,' Fourteenth * street - and
Julian ' avenue :•• on / March ~ 10, : were ' dis
charged' by 'Judge : Cabaniss " yesterday "on
the ground that ':¦ the -.evidence'' was- Insuf
ficient, i Raymond 1 Yeo, ; who; was \ also , ar
rested ', on the same \ charge,. will probably
be held.ias the stolen property; was found
In' his possession. 7 - His case was continued
till; next; Thursday.:. '•;'•; -v^ •.
Acquitted of Bobbery.
- The Local Council of Women met ''yes
terday, at;' 320 Post street. ', The -executive
committee a /'meeting at 2! p. m.
Mrs. -D. J.; Spencer;made' an address, on
t'School Savings: Banks.'.'/: .Rev.. August
Drahms. ( chaplaln . of ; the State • prison at
San Quentin,- made v an . address), on > the
subject of "Indeterminate Sentence." The
committee from the Co'teinporary Club in
troduced the subject, of the "Consumeis'
League." iThe address -was by
Dr. ' Dorothea'- Moor. -., 'The t general , meet
ing . was called ; at 3 :30 > p. :, m. ;¦' MrsJ' A.' - E. :
Cramer and Miss Ml'Cummlng rendered a
duet andMisa Cummlng.a solo. .Theri^ocal
Council of '¦ Women has set its next-meet
ing 'for May 10. :- ; s-v- :-"J."!.-:' :'-;¦'-'. '¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦/.,¦¦;
Council of Women Hold Meeting.
Horse Becomes . Unmanageable, . and
Little Frank Clarke Is Thrown
' to the Pavement. , :
1 Frank Clarke, 11 years of age,- was
killed yesterday in a runaway accident.
He was riding in the^ delivery' wagon' of
H. G.'- Shelly, a butcher, whose shop Is on
Devisadero street. Emil Kupfler,. 19 years
of age, was driving the horse. At the'in
tersection of Frederick and Willard
streets Kupflerleft the vehicle to deliver
some meat, after helping young Clarke
to the sidewalk. During -his absence
Clarke got into the cart and the -Horse be
came frightened and ran away. ¦ Clarko
was thrown ' out of the cart, striking on
his head on the pavement. He was conr
veyed to the Central Emergency Hospital,*
but died on the way. Clarke's father is
Charles G. Clarke, assistant manager of
the Farmers' and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation of America, who resides at 466 De
visadero street. .
COLLEGE. HILL RESERVOIR
OUTLET IS INSUFFICIENT
Fire Commission Notifies Board of
Supervisors : Large Section of
City Is Endangered.
The Fire Comrrlssion sent a communi
cation yesterday to. thp Board of Super
visors to the effect that . a large section
of the city is ¦ endangered. \ through the
lack of sufficient outlet from the College
Hill reservoir to' the large mains supply
ing- the do'wnto^wn districts. . Accompany
ing* the communication is the /report .of
Fire, Chief Sullivan that at present' the
20-inch outlet • supplies ; two mains . of 16
and 22 Inches/ and, while a -large supply
could. be secured, it Is shut off by,- a gate
which it Is difficult to • have '¦ opened
promptly in the v event of an emergency.
The report says that Chief : Engineer
Schussler .of. the Spring Valley Water
works promised to carry the new 24-inch
main into the bottom of the reservoir^ but
this. has, not been done. . , -. ; .: . .." -/.
Janitors Want Higher ' Pay.
Thirty Janitors in the 'employ of the
city- petitioned the Board • of Supervisors
yesterday to increase their wages from
$2 50 per day to $75per. month.; The" peti
tion states that . the increase is asked
owing ; to - the ; increased price .. of living
commodities, and in order to uphold their
present standard of." living. , "-,¦ ; •' *
Files Amended Contest.
An amended contest to the will of the
late Joseph' O'Hare; i offered {j for probate
by ' W.\ F. Burbank, was' filed by Mrs." M.
Li. , Go wdey,; former guardian of the de
ceased, yesterday.;; Mrs. Gowdey charges
that ; O'Hare did : not ; .write^the will;- and
that at ..the r time- Burbank says the will
was ' executed- O'Hare was not of sound
mind: •• ¦", ;. -.'-; ¦,•¦¦ ¦ -.-... :,>;;; v -.',
Are there any- landmark clubs in ¦ your local
ity? If so- please send, name and address of
secretary, also forward any of such club's cir
culars within reach. "Add any . remarks you
choose not covered bv the above questions, j m •
¦ Believing : that ' the Order of tho; Native
Daughters of the Golden" West. should possess
through its Grand Parlor, a library containing
every -book bearing, upon. California the com
mittee asks your assistance; in making a cata
logue, of such works and' in. securing copies of
such works' for the collection. - The committee
would esteem it a favor if you would acknowl
edge the receipt of thlscircular and state what
action ' your parlor proposes to take in : the
matter. If you : can, give but one Item in re
sponse to this appeal "for information- be as-'
cured that It -will be most welcome. •- ;
If there be landmarks state whether they
are natural features or. artificial. V In case they
are natural features say whether they, are trees,
hills or what; by whom now. owned, what-tra
ditions' cling tpthem and on what authority;
whether they can ' be ' preserved as landmarks
and".glve such : other information as you can
gather. If the landmarks be artificial give
the character of them,, whether monuments,
houses, I churches, etc., by whom owned, state
of - preservation, cost . of . acquisition, I etc. ' ¦: • . •
If you know : of relics give the nature of
them and. their, claim to be considered of his
torical significance, 1 their ownership and their
estimated values. .'•"¦¦, •' " .,.,<
Are there : in your pounty any historic land
marks? Do you -know of any books, manu
scripts or relics having historical value?'
v Want Descriptions.
¦Are there any residents of^your county who
may justly be considered -historical person
ages,' that is, who in the early days helped to
make or to form history? • • , ¦ '
' State as briefly as possible who they are- and
what they, did. . , .
Are there any persons In your locality who
have written upon California, as a whole or in
part? If so, give-name and. address;: state
what' they have written and also state where
such productions are to be found. In book -form
or ln magazines. ¦ • • ¦
Is there any published or written history par
ticularly pertaining to. the city or .the county
in which you. live? What'ls its' authenticity,
authorship, I nature and value as a historical
document? - , - .. ¦'.¦¦
-In pursuance of resolutions adopted by the
last Grand Parlor the committee appointed for
that purpose respectfully seeks your co-opera
tion in securing- the information, desired regard-
Ing landmarks and relics that because of their,
historical significance . should be preserved ln
justice . to the memory of those who wrought
our, early history and for : the benefit . of • pos
terity.'' By; way of suggestion the committee
has formulated the following set of questions,
which you . are most . respectfully urged to i an
swer as fully as possible: •
Seeks Co-operation.
This committee ' has had a number 'of
meetings to discuss the best methods of
attaining the desired end, and as a result
of these meetings the*followlng circular
letter to each of. the parlors of the Native
Daughters of- the Golden West has just
been issued: ,
In accordance with the spirit of the res
ohition the grand president, ; Mrs. Ema
Gett, appointed Lilly O. R. Dyer of Ur
sula Parlor, founder of the order? Eliza
D. Keith of^Alta Parlor, now grand vice
president, and Minnie W. .Hllke of ', Joa
quin Parlor as 'the committee on histori-.
cal landmarks. >
¦ Resolved. That the Grand. Parlor recognizes
the value, of th^f; historical research carried on
by various persons and i societies.' and that : It
is at all times willing to co-operate with such,
societies and 1 Individuals;- and it . Is hereby
ordered that copies of these' resolutions be Bent
to ¦ all known organizations of thla character
and to the press. ¦ the co-operation and support
of which is earnestly desired and, requested. ¦-"•
provided for shall • submit to the next Grand
Parlor a plan for utilizing: the Information it
may acquire; and be it further •
The two duets of the afternoon were
Dvorak, and other numbers were by
Brahms, Brugulere and Jensen.
Mr. Heinrich numbered three delightful
songs in his selections, "Die Meines
Herzens Kronelein," "Ach, Lieb. Ich Mus3
nun Scheiden" and "Ah, Woe is Me. Un
happy Man." In .which last his wonderful
faculty for "picturing" was in splendid
evidence. He also,gave a group of Schu
mann songs, explaining before it. in the
friendly fashion that lends the Heinrich
recitals their intimate charm, the dainty
little legend of the "Schneegloechen"—
"Snowdrops"— the subject of one of the
songs.
programme was the group of Richard
Strauss songs, or rather two groups, that
were given by the singers. Charming, in
deed, some of them turned out to be,
and all possessed a novel and agreeable
flavor. "Die Wasserrose"— "The Water
Lily"— Is a particular bit of loveliness
that Is sure to find its way into many
programmes. It suited Miss Heinrich ad
mirably and was accepted with notable
•warmth by the audience. Another of the
group sung by Miss Heinrich to win Im
mediate way was the "All Meine Gedan
ken Mein Herz und Mein Sinn."
The feature of the yesterday afternoon
The Heinrich programmes grow in in
terest, and the one for yesterday after
noon's recital at Sherman & Clay Hall
was simply delightful. No lover of good
song singing, .more particularly of the
German liefier. can afford to miss these
recitals, and it is good to know that two
extra performances will be given next
week at popular prices. The extra recitals
are set for Wednesday evening and Sat
urday afternoon next, at Metropolitan
Hall, and a number of new things in song
literature are promised.
MUSIC LOVERS
WARMLY GREET
STRAUSS SONGS
ELEVEN- YEAR-OLD BOY , ¦-
. . KILLED IN ; A RUNAWAY
Trouble seems to worry the jolly
Swede but very, little. He meets every
fresh legal attack with a grin, and when
defeated puts , his hand into his pocket
with a laugh and pays the score. ...
She asks- the court- to. award her judg
ment for $5000, with interest at 7 per cent
since January 2. '".
Anderson' seems fated to become a per
petual litigant. .'This is his. fourth ap
pearance-in the Superior Court, and each
action has relieved': him of quite a portion
of his hard-earned wealth. Two years
ago he was sued for divorce. ., That cost
him several thousand dollars,*;. Then he
was sued by a namesake fsr the recovery
of certain claims in the Yukon.: He won
this action, but it cost him a pretty pen
ny. Then came -the sensational suit for
$50,000 damages for breach of promise, in
stituted against him by Miss . de -Brette
ville, which resulted ,' in a . verdict for
$1250 for the young .'lady. Now his sister
is after his gold, and time '.only can tell
how ' many more suits will be instituted.
She charges that «her, brother persuaded
her by . a promise;, of,, gold /. to . give up a
situation ¦ which had been £ promised in
Dawson when she was 'there, in; August
of last year. > She left- Dawson, C she al
•leges.'and' came' to this* city, iand on. Jan
uary 2, 1S02, asked her brother" for the
$5<XXr he had; promised her v for doing so.
He refused to part with his nuggets, she
alleges, and has not since,' paid any part
of the sum. ': "¦'"¦*J? ; .'iv:;
Anitf"e Anderson, ' a ,s»ster of the^ gay
Charles, is- the plaintiff in this the latest
action against' the 'love-lorn' Anderson.
She sues for $5000, which, "she alleges," Arif
derson j promised -her- if "-she- would 'leave
Dawson' City and ':.take\up- her .> residence
in this or any. other city or. town in Cali
fornia. • ."; jv#«>' t.~'"< «•,•;;-* •': V, -..": ' ;¦:
Charles Anderson, the Don Juan of the
frozen '. ; north, ¦¦'-' who ¦ became , famous
through the breach, of promise action
brought against him • by .Miss Alma.de
Bretteville, a * artist whose - af
fections had been "trifled with 1 by* -the
"man from" the Klondike,"- is again made"
a defendant in", a suit cilculaf^jto ; re-'
lieve i him of" some* of ¦ the j gold '.h'e^dug
from the ice-covered ground* of. Alaska. .:',
Says the Klondiker; Promised
- Her $5000 to Leave
Dawson.' !• .
Sister of Miss de Brette
ville's Su itbr Appeals
to the Law. ¦;
MISS ANDERSON
SUES GAY SWEDE
Effort Is Being Madej to Save ; That Which
Vandalism Would De^
of Progressive Improvements Obliterate
NATIVE DAUGHTERS TO PRESERVE
HISTORICAL LANDMARKS OF STATE
JOSEPH A BIT
TOO STRENUOUS
Hence Mrs. Bickerstaff
Commences Action
for. Divorce.
Says Her " Spouse ' Juggles
With Bad Words and
Coffee Pota
A coffee pot, a knife and bad language
figure ln great variety in the suit for di
vorce filed by Minnie Bickerstaff against
Joseph Bickerstaff yesterday. According
to the complaint, Bickerstaff is a past
master in the use of billingsgate. Mrs.
Bickerstaff charges that her husband's
language is too bad "even for a divorce
complaint." She alleges that his words
are vile, indecent and opprobrious." - . '--/
"The coffee pot incident referred to by
Mrs. Bickerstaff, she alleges, occurred oli
the night of December 14 of last- year.
"He took the coffee pot," alleges . Mrs.'
Bickerstaff, "and threatened to throw it
at me, but was restrained by the plead
ings of his children, of whom there are
seven." . ,
Mrs. Bickerstaff alleges that she | left
her husband after the coffee pot incident
and remained away from him until he
promised to reform,, when she again re^
sumed her relations with him. But he
did not keep his promise, she alleges, for
he again resumed his cruel conduct. ;'. \
He took a knife, she alleges, a short
time after her return to l}er home, held
it at her throat and threatened to kill her.
The Bickerstaffs, who were married in
1882, reside on Folsom street. Mr. Bick
erstaff, alleges his wife, is a strong,' able
bodied man, earning $4 per day. She asks
for a reasonable sum. as. alimony and the
custody of the children.
Alphonsle Batteate Is suing Antone Bat
teate for divorce for failure to provide.
They were married in 1892 and have three
children, who have beenfor the last year
Inmates of .the San Francisco Children's
Orphanage on Sanchez street. Mrs. Bat
teate alleges that she has had to depend
upon her own exertions and the charity
of friends for her support for the last
three years.
Mary Wood filed an action for divorce
on the ground of desertion against Wil
liam M. Wood yesterday. She alleges that
he deserted her more than a year ago.
They were married in Sonoma County ln
1873, and have several children, all of
whom have reached their majority.
$4.85— A Man's Suit— $4.85.
The Lyceum Clothing Co. is now selling
the clothing manufactured by' Adler &
Sons of Chicago. To-morrow there will
be on sale 750 all-wool men's suits, made
to be retailed for ?20, yet $4.85 will buy
one of them. These suits are elegant new
styles, in all the. latest shades and pat
terns; checks and stripes, round or square
cut; Scotch tweeds, fancy ! cheviots,
worsteds and cassimeres; tailor-made.
You may look at them and if suited you
are welcome to one of these $20 suits for
$4.85 at the Manufacturers' Clothing Sale, :
915 Market street, opposite Mason. » ¦
RATHER ROTVT ANTIC ESCAPE. Y
FROM A JAIL IN OREGON
Love Prompts a "Woman. Prisoner to
Burglars.
Unlock the Cell Door of
Thomas Featherstone and Michael M.
Reed, who escaped from jail at Jackson
ville, Or., and were recaptured at" Eu
reka, Humboldt County, were brought to
the City Prison yesterday by Deputy
Sheriff H. G. McCarthy of Jackson Coun
ty, Or., who will take them back to Jack
sonville.
Featherstone and Reed were arrested
for robbing a farmhouse . near Jackson
ville, and while in jail became acquainted
with a Mrs. Martin, who was awaiting
trial for deserting her husband and elop
ing with another man. Mrs. Martin and
Featherstcne often met in the corridors
and she became infatuated .with him. She
was, allowed, considerable freedom and
planned to release Featherstone. One
night she abused the turnkey's confidence
and unlocked the door of the cell in
which Featherstone and Reed were con
fined. - They made their escape, and it is
suspected that Mrs. Martin supplied them
with money. She confessed to aiding
them to set away and said it was love
for Featherstone that prompted her to
help them out of jail.
A Market-Street Problem.
Gibson, the shirt man on Market street,
known as "your bosom friend," offers a
neat little example for those mathemati
cally inclined. Gibson weighs 120 pounds;
he claims that he may be- a lightweight
but that he can buy as close as the heav
ier buyers. Now, Gibson has expanded
and is twice as big. The problem is
whether he will still weigh 120 or will
double up to 240 pounds.
Seven Years for Bair.
UlysBes G. Balr, the prince of bad dol
lar manufacturers, was sentenced in the
United States District Court yesterday
by Judge de Haven to imprisonment in
the San Quentin Penitentiary for seven
years and to pay a fine of $1000. Bair's
dollara were the best imitations the secret
service men had ever seen, the only no
ticeable defect being a deficiency in
weight. • ...
HOR a number of years efforts have'
been made to preserve the his
torical relics and landmarks of
California, and among the accom
plishments in this line most
worthy of mention are those of the Na
tive Sens in saving: to the State Sutters
Fort at- Sacramento and the old Custom
house at Monterey. The Native Daugh
ters have taken up the matter and at the
session of the last Grand Parlor adopted
the following by a unanimous vote:
Whereas. It is apparent that many historical
landmarks in the State of California are fail-
Ing into decay, suffering at the hands of van
dals or giving way to the march of "improve
inent'.'; and - „ . • ,. ....
Whereas, It is believed that many relics and
documents of historical value exist which are
held in light appreciation by their possessors;
and ¦ ¦ • , ¦¦:--.- ¦¦¦'
Whereas. It is the sense of this Grand Parlor
that such landmarks, when practicable, should
be preserved and. their historical . value made
public, and I that the relics, documents and
other scattered articles of historical value
should be gathered together and preserved for
the. benefit of the State and. its people, and as
It is a Just and becoming task for a patriotic
organization like the Native Daughters of the
Golden West to Undertake the work' of search-
Ing for, preserving and perpetuating such land
marks and gathering together all such his
torical documents and relics as are .not al
ready set apart in the archives of the State
or in museums or other repositories accessible
to the public; therefore be It '
To Seek Information.
Resolved, That preliminary to the work of
such preservation and collection the grand
president is hereby authorized to appoint a gen
eral committee of not less than three, which
committee shall proceed at once, upon Its ap
pointment, to communicate with the subordi
nate parlors with a view to securins informa
tion concerning the location, character, owner
ship.: condition and value ofsjich articles or
landmarks above mentioned; and be it further
• Resolved, That the general committee herein
28
THE S AK FRANCISCO y^P^^ 1^^^^^^!!^^ 3902.
Plcnlc of Valencia Club~to-<lay In "Wood-
ward's Pavilion. Adm. 23c Ladies free. •
.. ..¦•'¦¦'¦
ft '.- ¦ \ " ' . -."¦''¦
We have opened another shipment of
NEW BLACK DRESS GOODS, and
willhave on sale this week a most
complete assortment of the following:
'Etamines, Voiles, Eoliennes, Crepe Armures,
CreDe v de Chene, Samite, Crepe de Paris,
Poplins, Wool Batiste, CamePs Hairs and
Grenadines. '.£$
: : BLACK FRENCH EOLIENNES, 42 to 44 inches
: : •• ; j ¦ wide.- . ............ ... . . .$1.00 to $3.00 Yard
•; : :BLACK SILK GRENADINES, 43 to 44 incHes
wide/-... ....... ...••••••$1.00 to $3.00 Yard
BLACK SILK AND WOOL STRIPED ETA-
MINES,43 inches wide-$l.5O and $2.00 Yard
BLACK FRENCH CREPE ARMURE, 42 to 44
inches wide- .. ... - ..... . . . .$1.00 to $1.50 Yard
BLACK FRENCH WOOL CREPES, 44 inches
wider in: stripes and small dots- .$1.25 Yard
; " BLACK FRENCH WOOL POPLINS, 46 inches
wide- . ... ...... — . . .^ . .$1.00 to $1.75 Yard
BLACK FRENCH SATIN PRUNELLAS, 43 to
, 46 inches wide- - . . . .$1.00 to $2.00 Yard
BLACK ENGLISH SILK-FINISHED BRIL-
LIANTINES, 38 to 45 inches wide--
75o to $1,50 Yard
¦ MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
forwarded free to. any address. ¦
III. 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET. ¦,,
¦I 4ht ' A w*i«k «w ._ • ¦¦¦¦'¦¦" .: . C A DDH IDP - ¦--¦ *- ¦ ¦ . -^
[CORSETS SPPPlPi eQRSETSf
I o GEARY STREET, Cor. Kearny. Mrs. Chester F.VVnght 6 6EAR y street, Cor. Kearny, g
FIHST PTiOOR— UPSTAIRS. . .. . : . • \ . . FIRST FLOOR— UPSTAIRS.' . S
¦ • ; 1- — — — ;.-- . ' .: B
» STYLE 672-CORED, MEDIUM AND LONG, DRAB, Cbi 1H S
W'l^ All Sizes, Price Always S3.5O-Specia! :......:: .:;.-y |liU 4w S
STYLE 234-STOUT LADIES' CORSET, Large Bust <D1 7C 5
'i&rXj and Hips, Price Always $3.fcO ....... ....... ..:.*Ph' & g
H TYLES 446 and 448-STRAICHT FRONT, CORED, All Sizes, Black and Drab $1.00 H
a 1500 to 2000 pairs Travelers' Samples in all grades, In SIZE 20 ONLY.... 25 Cents I
8.:;; ;.•• ¦...-; — -o f . : " :,;,/ : '.':," ?;:;/: • '¦"¦':::::i:..- :^\ :/J
I CORSETS AU Corsets Fitted by C^ORSfe^TTS S
£ 6 GEARY STREET, Cor. Kearny, Mrs. Chester F.\Vright 6 GEARY STREET, Cor. Kearny, S
¦..' KTEST FLOOB-UPSTAIRS. ; I;. . '%?$&'. '.i ¦ :, V ! . : FIRST ; FLOOR-UPSTAIRS: ; ; ¦¦
¦ BfiEBEEHBEBBKBBBBBBBBEEHBHBnBBBHBBiB&BHQBHBBBHHBBBBHIli
Leaves Valuable Estate.
The estate of the late James M. Martel.
who died recently, has been appraised at
$218,732 SO. It consists of stocks, bonds,
mortgages and promissory notes and real
estate In this city and in the bay counties.
Spring medicine to purify the blood. Consti-
pation, Biliousness. Sick Headaches; 10c, 25c. •
Adams* Sarsaparilla Pills.
Bekins Van & Storage Co. use urlvate cars
when skipping household goo'ds. C30 Market. •
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 5O<2 flask. ' Richard & Co.. 406 Clay
Game In, season for iunch at Cafe Zln-
kand properly cooked, properly served. <
: F. F, WRIGHT A SON. ZZ ¦ - , O fl
/5 Thisisa $3.5O U
Jm^k "Money-Back" Store j|
WtiW TWO INSTANCES: If you get fitted H
iffi||F here and have your shoes sent home, and [j
\¥mM£&£ yOU are 11Ot P lease<^ w * th them after trying I]
llIlliSi& them on a S ain "by yourself," return them jj
JM^W^S and get your money back. No "due bills" U
. j) If after wearing a Walk-Over Shoe one I
¦month you are HONESTLY convinced you did not get your I
money's worth, come and get your monev o
We, advertise dependable shoes. If you j%~ \
happen to get a- pair of the other kind, the 0^k
.Walk-Over Factory must stand the loss, not V^fvi
our customer. . pi (OK
F9 Are now ln - Tour choice of over , IF Ml
dUfflmCrVdlTLtO 60 models at W 50. A better shoe GRW \\JB\
than you have been paying- $5 00 for. fisK[ "B<\.
WALK-OVER SHOE STORE, SM^T |
924-926 MARKET ST.
WE OWN OU* OWN BU1LDINO-WE PAY NO REMT.
I OAK I These; fine Oak Buffets just received. They are poing fast
BUFFETS.J atridl cu 1 pusly low prices. ; \Ve are rcceivinR daily large
; -, ' "J consiRnments of new furniture of every description Will
turnish. your entire. house, in the most correct form from kitchen to draw-
-."JB-room::; Carpets, Rurs, Draperies, Linoleums, Oil Cloths, -Stoves etc
Don t borrow any money, though; your credit is good with us. Come in
and see for. yourself. . ,-. m r in
Free delivery to Oalcl and, Alameda and Berkeley
THE J^NOON AN FURNITURE CO.. #« c '
1017-1023 Ml«ion Street, *Wve Sixth, San Franc!«o
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M; EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATlIRnAV
1ST Orcfer & //
'¦%.^JWW^-1
: §\ 'Mf- vr W|aM ' <•;£ \1 on \-> *^
: V'W' 1 ' 'if \/ * week and you
¦'^¦''"'^¦¦'YvM'O §jH.''.\;Tiay-";weWr- Vhe
lf^|,;M.iuit while paying
*%^li'v$ forrt.Ouriailor-
t^PMli Mng is thoroughly
J^IW f e liable— has
V^^Mgl t ¦ snap and style
• V^»^| ;",."._'" arid the approval
*B ,:¦ ot discriminating
""¦/^''. . dressers.-;: ¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦' '";¦
128 ElliS St. AbovePoweH
! ¦
EXPERT OPnCIAlT.
#% A Warning
TO THE PUBLIC.
MR. GEORGE 1IATEELE, the German Ex-
pert Optician, who has been established at 1071
MARKET STREET nearly five years, is.ln no
¦way connected with a party ' who opened
next door to him and calling: themBeli-es
••Mayerle & Co." Remember. GEORGE MAT-
ERLE has not moved. He Is etill at 1071
MARKET STREET. Whea wishing to consult
Mr. Mayerle INSIST Tipoa seeing Mr. George
Mayerle PERSOXALLT.
A CROWN on every winflow Indicates
GEORGE MATERLE'6 place. ENTRANCE
1071. • ' .; ,
(George Mayerle* e trademark on every window.)
AT)TV1TR.AT. GEORGE DEWEY,
"Who used George Mayerle' ¦ glasses durlngr the
6panish-American War, and is still using them
with much satisfaction, hig-hly recommends
Mr. George Mayerle, and eends the" following
testimonial :
Mr. Georre Mayerle. German Expert Op-
tician. 1071 Market et.. S. F.-My Dear Sir: I
am etill using- with much satisfaction the
erlassee you sent me at Manila; also, the new
«ne» suit my eyes perfectly. Tours very truly,
GEORGE DEWET.
OKfc'lCK CHIEF OF POLICE.
It gives 'me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. GEORGE Mayerle of 1071 Mar-
ket street. I have been using glasses for the
past four years, and during that time have con-
eulted several opticians, but not until I con-
eulted Mr. GEORGE Mayerle and had him fit
plasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction.
Most respectfully. J. H. ANDERSON.
Sergeant of Police, San Francisco.
George Mayerle 1 s glasses strengthen the eye
and brain. To avoid mistakes look for the full
name, GEORGE MATERLE. and his trade-
mark, a CROWN, on every window; also the
number —
1O71.
German Eyewater, 8ft cents.
Telephone South 872.
CUT THIS OUT.
Houses
Built
ill FOR....
$5.50 Per Month.
No Interest Charged. \
Investigate. X
PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATIVE CO.
100 ud 401 Ctlltgtm Bending.
\ 1312 MARKET ST. \Your First Duty 'to ; Yourself
Is to, look -after your own comfort. ,- Thai com
fortable j trains of ' the ,' Nickel ¦ Plate Road,': Chi
cago; to 'New -York ana Boston,' carrying: Nickel
Plate ! dining cars. 1 ', in > which ; are «erved:Ameri
can'Club meals, at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the . traveling public:"." JAY- .W.** ADAMS
P.; C. ) P.' A.",' 37 : . Crocker Ban ' Fran
cisco. ; cai. fi^^ims^smtssigksEiS^mgi
Bed Men's : Anniversary;
\The eighth anniversary of/ the? institu-"
tlon _ of ¦' Qshonee • Tribe r of ; the 5 Improved
Order:' of 4 Red .. Men - was ' celebrated ¦' last
night > by, a pleasing; entertainment f and
dance lnrthe Shiels building/; There was a
large 'attendance andean enjoyable even
ing was passed. ..' V- ; .';.--' ~. , ;
Monticello ; Club Installs Officers
. The', newly : elected ! officers of the Monti-
. cello- Club were Installed /' last night , by
the • retiring' president, > James ¦ P. ''.. Booth;
Those' installed: were: President,- B.'vD.
Murphy: ".vice president. W.>W. ;McNair;
'secretary, William M. y Magulre ; ; financial
secretary, H. C. Wllber ;¦ treasurer;. Lewis
H. Mooser; directors^-S. V.fCostello; IP.
Boland. R. v "V? Whiting and F. ; J. Teggart.
President-elect Murphy, was, unable to at
tend. . ' Before retiring ,;' President ' . Booth
presented; his 'report and sald\that amorig
njariy. other gratifying things hercould're
. port '.that ,the .' membership had : doubled
during the' year. ¦ ¦': .;"*%' .< v '
soap on the. window of a Market-street
store' arid robbed. the place while, the pro
prietor was outside washing off the soap.
FIDELITY AND GTJABANTY
yt ¦'¦-¦ ''i OOMPANT'SXTED ON BONDS
BOLD THIEVES
ROB A SALOON
Grown-up people were' therein num
bers.' Some of the smallest -tots were iri
charge 'of their j mothers— mothers, * .for
nurse malds-werenot. at all In evidence.
A goodly representation of the California
Club," the band of .good fairies; that "did
most to'. create the wonderland. 1 -.wasyon
hand, to revel In the delight of the young
sters and. in contemplation of the. infinite
possibilities; for good -in the movement.
The Board : of , Education and j the. School
Department,; the Supervisors and even .the
City Hall - "crqwd" were ..all|well-repre
sented/ and ' the : face bf ' every ~ man. arid
The. juvenile .population , of ; the' section
of ..the city converging, on Seventh "and
Harrison streets was, gathered within the
board and wire fences that inclose this
new .child's paradise, j The youngsters
were fhere by thousands, eager and anx
ious to try every piece of apparatus on
the ground and jostling each other good
naturedly, in the desire to put everything
to the test of use. On the streets of the
district not a' child could be seen. Police
men on their beats and teamsters on tholr
trucks joined with tired mothers in bless
ing the (Jay that saw this new heritage
come into the hands of the children.
,';-¦/-; . menagerie and three-ririg cir
cus combined, and the boys did not have
to carry water to the elephant in orderAo
see the- fun. J " ' . . :
An uy HE biggest 'of all' big show.*
'¦¦•f/---^ ¦ that the- boys-and- girls -south
. B of Market street, ever saw .was
M , v" that yesterday afternoon -when
ff the ; children's | playground : was
opened. -It "was /better than a
Rifle \ Safe and Cash Reg
ister While Bartender ;
¦ /'' — ¦ A ' "' ' ' •'¦"¦'"'
: -Attorney.- "Woodworth ¦ says ; that ' he . has
demanded ; of .the >United. States Fidelity
and /Guaranty ¦¦ Company . that i.' ( it --.make
goo^ v ther, bonds, 'and, that ;the , company
has refused to do so. He'nce the suit.
States ; . District Attorney Mar
shall | B. vWoodworth | Instituted an action
yeEterday Tin - the' v United . States Circuit
Court against '; the LTJnlted States Fidelity
¦and^ Guaranty Company and Edward V.
McCann to recover $10,000 on the bonds of
McCannyas a Government contractor. The
complaint :, recites /that j on ' September S,
1809,' Major <Vf.\ II:. Heuer of the Corps of
Engirieers .'^United ¦ States army,' awarded
to:McCann,,as. the lowest bidder, aeon
tract{f or. dredging Alviso harbor, the con
tract' 1 price -berng : 6 cents per : cublc ¦ yard.
Tho - defendant . guaranty : company - went
on [ McCariri's \ bonds ; in \the sum : of , $10,000
for the faithful performance of' the con
tract. ¦' It : is -¦; alleged that McCann failed
to: do; any dredging, ; and on April , 3, 1900.
proposals were ¦ readvertised for,' and the
: contract * let v to : A. , C/ "Alkeri, .' the -lowest
bidder^ *at'-14. : 48: v cents iper "cubic "yard.
•Alken » perfornjed ;. contract by^." dredg
ing .'166,263 "cubic yards' at accost to "the
' Government ; : of • $23, 48T 22, -.'an . excess of
$13,512 44 "over :'the, price -of the McCarin
contract... McCann -is -bombproof against
execution,*', his -total- assessment on the
property . roll .being ' $100 \ worth : of - furnl-
Thousand 'Dollars on Alviso
. -Dredging Contract.
"United States ¦ Seeks to Obtain Ten
•The . decision, of I Judges ; ; Cook. . ¦ Lawlor
and .Dunne on the appeal of Edward, Ho-"
man of the Midway PI alsance against the
judgment ? of. ;' Judge •. Cabaniss ¦ sentencing
him fto- pay ; a fine of $180 -for -selling^liquor
!wlthout> a' license "was rendered by. Judge
Cook ' yesterday. : . The judgment of ! the
lower, court was afarmed and^tho; appeal
dismissed^ i'-V' *.\?:\ .. . "f;"'--'
Homan Appeal ¦ Dismissed.
~ ; ! The '. police , think ;the e work ,was 1 done by.
Eastern; thieves;: who j' came' to {the k coast,
recently." One * week-- ago ,' they.; smeared'
."According to -the story. -told, by -the bar
tender, ' Nels Peterson," shortly; after' the
affair < happened, ¦ three men . entered' the
saloon and , .ordered v a r d rink • known as
"coffee royal." ,'[ Peterson, informed^' his
customers : that • he kept no * coffee'. In J the
house. 1 " "The- nienhnslsted* upon him filling'
the : order ' and > offered Jhlm - a : ; If • he
would go to a rieighbofnig, restaurant ' and
get the coffee. ¦: Suspecting .nothing .'criml-,
nal," Peterson; took 'three glasses -and r,lef t
the place.; As he was returning ;from ! the
restaurant" one; of the nienmet hlnTon/the
sidewalk'and saidsthat a fourth' customer
had come in andideslredithe same kind of
a" drink. ': Peterson v returned" to .the-res
taurant' and- was 'thus - further, delayed " In
gettingiback to .the saloon. , ' . •„ ,- ; l .. ;• -x. ;
,; When l- Peterson [ flrially.; got ¦ back to ; the
saloon' he "; was L surprised^to i find- his < cus-*
tdmers sone.v He • set "the. glasses on the
.bar and , commenced ranjlnvestIgatl6n. ; ,-He'
found lthe\door ; of the" safe ; open .and. that'
a" sack $300 iwas ] missing. 1 v*The j
safe had not been locked by. the'comblna-'
tlon-and'-itf required ;but..af twist of ; the
knob ito I open\ It.-, » The cash > had
also been • opened f; and \ j nearly . ' $50 ; taken
from ' Its s compartments. ;¦; x ' . : />,¦:";'•'•-'
g^ ; .iiS''V'<; 4 - ' -.-¦:--¦ •-¦ ¦---"- • V.' .; ¦. \
'•"¦' The -''City.- of,- Stockholm,"^ a , large ; sa-'.
loon at r 901 Kearny street,- '.was, robbed
early, yesterday morning, by' three 'men,;
who are believed by the detectives .to" be
Eastern crooks. deed .was coriimltted
shortly, after 2 o'clock; iwhlle .the % place
was . still -.•;' open arid while :_¦. riiany \ people"
werepasslrig along. 1 the street. U ; ". • ;J ¦
indignantly" denies "that she aspired to be
an actress. ,. . . ¦ . . . , . '
-The ' following unfinished letter was
found in the girl's :;om:
' Dear MIjs Waldrop: I guess you will not bs
vnry pleased- when you get this letter, but I
cou1<3 not help it. M> hav»- met two nights
anO we have, not even looked at one another.
I vould have spoken but I thought you would
be angry if I did. The day.l taw you afthe
tlitater you would ' not take the flowers and
yem said you did not want me to bring any
more: in other words you did not wish to have
anything- more to do with me. . I am very sorry.
Miss Waldrop, for I. love you very dearly. You
have, heard stories that have turned you
against me, but you will see in days to come
I tninot what I am said to be. Give a per
ron a bad name and it is very. hard' to: get rid
of it. but I will get rid of mine Just, to show
peop!<- that I am not what they think. All I
have. to say for the landlady is that maybe by
the time the people set through with hervthat
ehe-has been blackmailing she will learn' to tell
the truth. She has parted me from my home,
turned my mother against hrr' own child an<l
parted me from you. that I thought the very
vorld of. I will make her pay dear for it. My
turp is yet to come to deal, with her and she
won't get off as easy as she thinks. I am not
the only one. The gentleman that she has been
talking about is doing, the main part of it. - It
is. now my turn to laugh at h-r. This gentle
man that she speaks of is nothing more than a
brother ¦ to ; me. She has parted me from.. my
mother, lor I did indeed mean to stay te home,
for your words tock a great hold; of me when
you said you did not think I tried hard enough
and that I was 'driving her crazy. Well.'.I
don't care now what happens, who goes crazy,
or anything else. All I intend to do Is to deal
with the. landlady as ehe has been doing with
me.. I was very sick when I first went home
and I wizh that I had died then, not because I
wa« disgraced in any way. No. I can hold my
head as high as anybody* in the land
. TAKES KEY FROM .BOOM, v
The' girl took the key to Miss Marshall's
flat Sunday night from the actress' dress
ing-room, to which she had gone with her
usual floral offering. Friday afternoon
she , talked by telephone with Miss , Mar
shall's maid" and asked If any clew had
been . discovered, : and If the ¦ police were
working , on the case,' arid was r told no.
She ; also inquired- In like : manner; of
Georgie Cooper. Noneiof those who saw
her about . the theaters | could believe ', that
¦she was guilty of theft or, burglary, t She
continued j visiting the "dressing-rooms
with the inevitable bouquets even as late
as Friday .night. ..,.'.:. ., '". : -'¦
-.The detectives may. charge the girl with
burglary,, o"n Information and.. belief, par
ticularly' if her record is found to.be bad
prior, to the cririie*- to which ,she; con
fesses. -;:' '•*; .,. .¦ '¦ .-,,¦¦. , •¦.- ' '- ,•"-.'';*'¦.•.-
rt VELYN MARS just adored
* 2^ actresses. In fact, she cen-
B ,v tered her adoration upon the
Kt "* bright particular stars of thy
B ¦ Alcazar and the Central thea
¦^^¦^^ ters. Now she languishes in
the City Prison, with a pros
pect cf prosecution for "burglary because
she robbed the objects -of her affection in
order to buy huge bouquets • for them.
She was arrested yesterday afternoon in
Miss Agnes Ranken's dressing room at
the Alcazar, where she took refuge when
the saw the detectives following her.
The girl confesses having stolen a seal
skin coat, three silk waists, an alarm
clock, part of a toilet set and two photo
graphs of Agnes Ranken from Miss An
nette Marshall's flat at 531 Golden Gate
avenue last Sunday night.: These were
all found in her room. She denies having,
stolen other articles, and with tears in
her eyes says she does not know .why she
commuted the crime— that it was the re
sult of a sudden impulse at a time when I
she needed money. --"'.T-
Miss Mars is ytmng. probably 20, tall
and statuesque. She is a. brunette, with
blue eyes as guileless as a fawn's, and
her face Is free from the marks of. crime
or dissipation. She has not yet been
charged with the crime, and she may es
cape punishment through . the tender
heartedness of the actresses from whose
dressing rooms she is supposed to", have
pilfered many trinkets of more or less
value. Annette Marshall, at the. Central.
declares she will not help to send the poor
girl to jail-that she only hopes it will be
a lesson to stage-struck girls who are not
willing to win their way by grit. "I
couldn't be so cruel," says Agnes Ranken.
"She's a woman," is Olga Waldrop's rea
son for not wanting to see her punished,
and Georgle Cooper puts her chin In the
air and ends the, matter with a decisive
"Not on your life."
HAUNTS THE THEATERS.
Evelyn Mars' name . probably, dragged
her irresistibly into the limelight belt.
Certain it Is that for two months she has
haunted the Central and" Alcazar, scarce
ly missing a performance at either/and
hastening from one to the other • so ' that
she might not miss seeing any of the
actrefises 6he admired so much. Often
she was behind the scenes and ' in , the
dressing-rooms, , getting 1 past the dragons
that are set to keep chappies away by
saying that she had a message from Miss
Waldrop to Miss Ranken or the reverse.
Once past the barriers, she would rush to
a dressing-room with . a great bouquet . ot
violets or lilacs or American Beauty, roses.
She knew the maids and often confided to
them that she adored Miss Waldrop and
Miss Ranken. She I showered her." floral
tributes upon Miss Marshall and MIs3
Cooper as well, "and), kept them all in as
tonishment that a rather shabbily dressed
girl could afford to spend so much money
for flowers.' H : : : . .¦
AH of these actresses missed " articles
and money from their' dressing-rooms at
times. After the burglary of '; Miss ' Mar
shall's flat, suspicion; was directed to the
"flower girl," as Evelyn Mars. had come
to be known. Detectives Reynolds ¦'¦ and
Dinon were put on. the case, and yester
day they searched a; '.room ; at ' 607 S Ellis
street, where the Mars girl had been liv
ing for two weeks, 1 and , found hidden in
her trunk: the- sealskin ,coat and; other
valuables which Annette Marshall # had
lost. Hurrying to the Alcazar, they found
the girl at the matinee* and placed her
under arrest. , . . ,' f,
DIDN'T ASPIBE TO . STAGE.
Miss Mars" says that ; until a" month ago
she worked for . the iteleghone fcompany.
She' lately left her home, . on Seventeenth
street,. she says, because, her, mother ob
jected to her running , to' the.theaters and
knowing actresses and ' their maids. ' She
Mayor Schmltz upon, his .introduction
by Mr.Denman was given such an ova
tion by the sons of the men who elected
him to office as could scarcely have been
surpassed for ' noise and enthusiasm by
the fathers themselves. He said he
¦ »..t__t..t."t «¦¦».*¦«¦¦?¦¦»¦¦»¦_?-¦»¦» » » « » > ?».»-« » » T-.
¦ School Director Denman presided dur
ing' the formal opening* - Cecil W. Mark
of the Board of Education, who had im
mediate supervision of the preparation, of
the playground, spoke briefly of the his
tory of the .''local movement, originating
with \'the California Club's experiment
four ; years ago on Bush street. He con
cluded "-tby; formally declaring the play
ground* open to the children of the city.
The gates were closed to. the multitude
of children until after 2 o'clock* when the
invited guests had mostly assembled.
Mayor Schmltz, Supervisors, School. Di
rectors arid California Club women sat
on • the platform erected for the opening
exercises, arid In front of them School
Director Roncovierl waved the baton for
his band, playing- the most gingery of
quicksteps. Then School Director Mark
ordered the bars to be let down, and in
another 'minute an inundation of wild.,
young humanity swept across the sand of
the playground, beat against the musi
cians and threatened the foundations of
the platform. It required the strenuous
exertions of Captain Splllane, Sergeant
Duke and a squad: of patrolmen to rescue
the band from the human tidal wave. • -
woman. there beamed with the reflected
joy-of thechildren.
TIDAL: WAVE' OF CHILDREN.
. . ¦¦• ¦ ¦ . ''. : ¦•:¦-''.¦?¦¦• ¦'¦ ¦¦-• •¦' . • ¦ --", '.--.•¦,.-.¦¦..;•.•.
SOME; OF- THE "SIGHTS AND "INCIDENTS THAT MARKED THE FORMAL. OPENING YESTERDAY AFTERNOON
OF THE NEW CHILJJREN'S PLAYGROUND/ ESTABLISHED BY THE CITY AT .THE CORNER OF SEVENTH
... AND HARRISON -••-¦-—- - - •-- '•- - -r • - -•^-••^¦..--v^ - -
STAGESTRUCK GIRL, WHO CONFESSES THAT SHE IS THE BOLD
BURGLAR WHO -ROBBED THE FLAT OF MISS ANNETTE MAR
SHALL. LEADING LADY AT THE CENTRAL.
THIRTY YEARS
FOR FOOTPAD
The playground is to be open from 9 a.
m. to 3 p. m. to children under 6 years
of age, and from 3 to 6 p. m. to all school
children, whether in public or private
schools. .
The great center of attraction was the
"monkey cage." a framework that looks
like a skeleton gas works and is equipped
with enough ladders, bars, poles, rings
and other simple apparatus to entertain
several hundred boys. The surface be
neath is covered with tanbark as a safe
guard against mishap. Every corner of
the ground Is an BI Dorado for the 'boy
with an excess of animal splrtt^to -work
off. A section of the ground is inclosed
by a wire fence. Inside of which the girls
can play, safe from molestation.
The adults and the children who could
not withstand the allurements ot the band
listened to the speeches. The rest of them
were too busy with the swings and rings
and ladders to give thought to wbat was
occurring on the flag-bedecked platform.
Mrs. Alexander Sharon spoke as a rep
resentative of the California Club, II. U.
Brandenstein for the Board of Supervis-'
ors and Albert Currlin for the Pacific
Turn Bezirk. . .. . ¦ "..
wished he were a boy again that he might
get out and play with them and enjoy,
the opportunities offered them there. He.
hoped that In the near future many other
such grounds would be opened, and prom
ised his support to the, movement. H«
paid a compliment to the zeal of the Cali
fornia Club, and said that so long as this
playground exists it will stand as a monu-_
ment to the good work done by the club.
Judge Dunne Imposes a
Heavy Sentence on
Antone Yellick.
'.;•¦, Quglrimo^Wadal>a z Japanese, charged!
with felony embezzlement by a * liquor * ;
firm,; failed to answer In Judge Dunne's.^
court yesterday" and his ball of 5130 cash^;
¦was declared "^forfeited. The court wai ,
notified that the . defendant had sone to*
-victoria.' b: s c^aHHlilMH
On the -night of November 13 last Tel-I-
Hck and a colored .woman. .Sfaiy Holman, '-»
held -ur> and robbed _ John -Strom .In a"'',
lane' in the rear of the Cafe Royal, -tak- 1 .:
Ing $13 25 from him.' The woman pleaded
guilty to grand larceny 1 when her case ".-.
came up for trial, and she was sentenced- 1
to vlve. years In San- Quentlh. -^
William Deinpsey." v wh6 pleaded guilty?
to ¦ three charges"' o( burglarx. was sen- iff,
tenced yesterday by- Judge Dtinne^to five*;'
years* Imprisonment' in San Quentln, three"" N
years "on the first charge and. one year, on 1
each of the other two'chargea. He broke*'
into the planing tnUlsroit'Beale°,and' : Mi3-V
slon ; streets and on Eremont street on
January.4,r27 and 28, and! stole tools which .'
he. sold to second-hand dealers.
Antone Telllck. . who was convicted . r by 'i
a jury In Judge Dunne's court on a S
charge of robbery,' appeared for sentence ••••
yesterday.-. There were two prior con-,
vlctions against him, one for grand lar- 4
ceny and the other for attempt to com
mit grand larceny. Judge Dunne sen- ;
tenced him to.'thlrty years' Imprisonment
In ' Folsom penitentiary. . Yelllck did not
say anything when sentence was passed,
but bis brow | contracted and he looked ,
as if murder was in Ms heart. When Tel- .
lick was convicted he told Policeman Hjl
C. Clancy, who ' arrested him, that he '•¦:
would kill him as soon as he served his »
sentence. .He will have a long time to'
wait.' Ilil'dlillfiliii llifrjJ i_Ji
;: •. -- • . '
"We have the right to r elect teachers
In any way' we see fit," was the"; state-'
merit made yesterday by School, Directors
Thomas' P., Woodward and C. W/.Mark,
,"and we are; not bound | by -any-resolu
'tlons of previous boards.'/' '
• This Information will prove, a' surprise
to the citizens of San Francisco, who have
calmly rested in the belief that the Board
of Education was working under, a plan
of ruies that was akin to civil service,
where merit alone ; counts. \ • « - -
School Director Woodward, strongly ob-'
jectsd Vyesterdayrtp any '¦ crlUcism of ; his
recent vote.r by iWhich; a "teacher was re
instated on • the -eligible, list, though the
teacher was . ori'e; of the 125 pedagogues
! dropped from t the" rolls In January, 1899.
School Director' Roncovleri admitted
that he knew very: little of the merits*' of
the case, but had accepted the arguments
of two of/-his, colleagues and had voted
for the reinstatement: .
School,Director Mark said that his vote
was based ona. legal proposition, and that
j he wanted justice done to the. teacher for
whom he^had 'voted. . ' ; ;
School Director-Denman positively says
that his colleagues'^were In error.. -He
voted against reinstatement on the'ground
that the teacher, in'. question had been
legally! dropped, from the department and
had no claim to be put back.
' DEFEND RECENT .VOTE.
The exclusive story published in The
Call yesterday that' some of the teachers
dismissed in January, .1899, had been, put
back in the : department without being
asked to take any examination caused a
considerable amount Of comment, in schol
astic and business circles. '.
Directors ".Woodward and Mark 'defend
their recent &vBte of reinstating a dls
;missed teacher: by saying; that the lady
Jn .'..question .had '.been elected a "regular
teacher" by^the^board of 1898 at; a'.meet-
Ingon Depeniber 28iof. that;ye&r«V. . ¦'¦ •;".;
?, twelve'; others^,'- 11 ,* said'
.Wodidward^and^Marli,- "were: elected. at- a"
regular 'meeting of trie Aboard,' and the
board 'of 189d had, no power to remove a
regularly elected. teacher."- *
When asked why other : teachers who
had been dismissed at thesame tiriie,were
not also entitled to be reinstated, the Di
rectors answered;that- the" elections mak
ing them regular, teachers j were "special
meetings, and -therefore .were illegal." >
The acts of the board of 1893 in electing
a big batch of regular teachers were so
notorious that its successor.; known as
the "Bergerot board," made a clean sweep
of the appointees by an /'omnibus resolu
tion," adopted -January 25, 1899. '
The question Is -being asked why the
present board : recently .voted to reinstate
one cf the teachers elected- in th£ closing
days of the board of 1S98 and dropped a
few days .later., by resolution' and' yet
stoutly takes the attitude that more than
100 other teachers dismissed -at the same
time are not entitled to reinstatement. ,
POINT OF LAW IS CLEAR.
Although : each Board of Education has
formulated Its own plan of electing teach
ers, ell boards for many years have fol
lowed a stipulated mode of election.
It has been customary for:, boards - to
elect an applicant as a regular substitute
teacher. Then the applicant would have
to serve as a regular teacher' oh probation
before receiving final standing as a regu
lar teacher., • ¦ ,
'The State laws distinctly stipulate yiat
the probationary term shall not date from
the time the applicant "was appointed as a
substitute teacher, but from the day on
which the : teacher was assigned to ''¦¦ a
school as a resrular. teacher.
Directors Woodward and Mark showed
that they are, adepts rin splitting hairs
when asked to explain \ their - recent vote
of reinstating Miss ,. Dorothy F. Moran:
They both, Insisted that 'the young lady
was elected a regular teacher- December
28, 189,8, and that her removal a few days
lkter was not legal. The Directors also
apply; the same reasoning to , the teachers
who were elected that day and dismissed
later/.- ,.. ¦ ' ,.'••¦ . ¦ ./•
,The f one hundred and more teachers
dropped from the department in January,
1£99,. took their ; case Into the courts. A
decision was | rendered -.that they -had no
claim , to I be reinstated because I they had
not | served for a probationary - term' f ol-.
lowing their, election as regular teachers.
N0T{ ON PROBATION.
•This 'decision applies exactly : to the
teachers I elected December " 28, : 1S98, and
dismissed thecnext, month., ; They did' not
serve ; f or ; a ; probationary term following
their,; election, having | no V opportunity . to
do so, yet Directors Woodward : and Mark
claim that,thls batch (Ot teachers ; have
the" legal ,right to be \ reinstated; • arid 5 in
some cases have taken s uch s teps. •".' ¦ /• *
Director Roncovieri said' yesterday that
If any. of the teachers . who had been dis
missed ; would .come j before the board and
show that they, were legally, entitled to , be
reinstated that he would vote on that' line.
.The . arguments ' put forward by Wood-,
ward 1 and ¦ Mark '; on the ; recent . reinstated
ment of. ascertain teacher are of such 'a
"hair-splitting" nature .that L ;the assump
tion : arises thattthere -were j other r reasons
than 1 "justice -in the case" causing, them
to" : vot«t'asUhev;aid. '•:.-* V' ;l; ; v V : '>
1 •'••_¦ Roncovierl undoubtedly Iwas »: won ;c over
to ¦ cast', his .vote ¦ for reinstatement | by the
eloquence : of ? Woodward 'and? Mark. ;".-• -
¦X, 1 1 , is ¦ safe ;• to assume th,at ; many; of ¦ the
teachers d ropped *. in -January, ,v 1899,- "and
who had • been ; connected with; the depart
ment . for; many iyears.iwlll • haye % to i bring
as \ 1'strong I reasons",' for, : reinstatement as
those which induced . Directors Woodward
and Mark to vote': as they, did a few days
ago..'-' : v . ¦ ¦ '¦-".'../ '*-' '*C- ; -i?Cj', \"'v '.-,¦:.¦
, Roncovierl '. savs that ; he Is new - to ?the
work i of -• a "-, School Director ¦ and ' wants * to
do 'right' arid' be just.^ and" he means what
heYsays. '« Helsays he; will not^vote irilfu
ture > for < reinstating: a j dismissed t, teacher
without being absolutely; satisfied that the
applicant . is, entitled : to be s . reinstated.- viv-.;
,; yAs - for,- Director- Denman, she? abides; by.
his '* former j_ decision ?, that;, none * of \i the
teachers 1 dismissed ' in .January,; 1899,'-, have
any claim }to_<be ' reinstated,? and | he ', so j in
formed! thCiteacher ; who was recently "put
on the? eligible ;list* by his associate 'Di
rectors^: .¦¦*•-. ;.¦"'"• ¦;-- i s^^ ! j^®fc^lEK|S^fflS
Recent Vote of Board
Is Freely Com
mented On.
• ¦ - -- • •..- >•< ¦:..;¦¦¦
Claim Made That Pr&
vious ActsDo
Not Bind.
School Directors Say
They Proceeded
Wonderland of Swings, Rings aridLMders
Is Formally Opened to Children.
Evelyn Mars, the "Flower Girl," Steals to
i'Buy Her Favorites Bouquets.
PLAYGROUND IS GIVEN
USES 'SEARCHING TEST
APPOINT
TEACHERS
AT WILL
ADORED ACTRESSES
BUT ROBBED THEM
OUTWITS
NEIGHBOR
AT NIGHT
Capt Anderson Has
Fence Erected
in Hurry.
Structure Grows Like
a Mushroom After
Sunset
Seeks Permission to Mortgage.
The Pacific Union Club petitioned the
Superior Court yesterday for permission
to mortgage property owned by the club
at the corner of Post and Stockton streets
for $450,000 and for permission to Issue
bonds for that amount. The petitioners
state that part of the purchase price of
the land was advanced by the Mercantile
Trust 'Company of San Francisco, and
that the sum of $450,000 Is necessary to
pay off the Indebtedness to the trust com
pany and to pay for the erection of a new
builiing. The petition will be heard by
Judge Murasky Tuesday, May 6, at 10
a. m.
Administrator Makes Report.
In a report filed yesterday by W. G.
Her.shaw. special administrator of the es
tate cf the late Caroline E. Cogswell, who
diftd here February 6,-1902. he acknowl
edges the receipt of the following real
property belonging to the estate: Cash,
SUJBM 62; jewelry worth $962; notes of
Oakland Transit Company, $75,000; stock
in First National Bank of Oakland, $11,000;
stock in the Contra Costa -Water Com
pany. $60,000; bonds of Oakland Transit
Company. $23,200; bonds of Oakland Water
Company, $36,400; and furniture of small
value.
Major Pope Leaves Insurance.
Saxton Temple Pope, son of the late
Major and Mrs. B. F. Pope, filed a peti
tion for special letters of administration
upon the estate of his mother yesterday.
The estate, he avers In his petition, does
not exceed In value $16,000. It. consists of
an interest in three life insurance poli
cies on the life of Major Pope.- who died
in Manila recently. ;wo of the policies
are for $6000 each and one Is for $3000. A3
Major Pope and his wife died intestate
the estate will go to the seven children of
the deceased. '\
Mr. J. B. Xei:i, for ten years head sales
man In the piano department of Sherman,
Ciay & Co.. has resigned to accept a posi
tion with the Wiley B. Allen Co., 931-933
Market St., where he will be glad to meet
all friends.
"Now, honey, go Into your own back
yard and keep on your own side of the
high board fence," sang Captain John F.
Anderson, captain of the dock of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company about mid
night of Friday. Captain Anderson, with
the aid of a gang of stevedores, had pro
vided the "high board fence." behind
which his neighbor "might play." and
then invited all hands to go and have a
little supper.
While the captain was doing the honors
as generously as he coufd in a Mission
restaurant, a rumor reached him that his
next-door neighbor had been apprised of
his action and was gathering his cohorts
for an assault upon the newly erected
fence. The restaurant man was glad the
captain was in a hurry, because he left
the change on the counter, when paying
his score. Captain Anderson was soon to
the defense of his fence, and with a rifle
that has laid low many a seagull, stood
vratch over his creation on the nether side
of a Mission hill.
Captain Anderson has a handsome home
at 1062 Dolores street, between Twen
ty-third and Twenty-fourth. There
he spends his leisure hours and has made
it as comfortable as possible for his fam
ily. Some months ago M. Tarpey, a sa
loon-keeper, purchased a lot to the south
of the Anderson residence and proceeded
to erect a building thereon. Adjoining: the
Tarpey residence on the south is the resi
dence of Charles F. Stone, secretary of
the Bancroft-Whitney Company. Against
this building Tarpey has set his line
¦walls, eo as to exclude all light from the
Stone residence.
Between Tarpey's house and the Ander
son residence is a space of twelve feet. On
this side, either by accident or design, the
¦windows in the Tarpey house have been
so constructed that they overlook all the
living rooms of the Anderson family. An
derson claims that his privacy has been
violated, and as be does not want to have
his family subject to the annoyances of
the eyes of prying neighbors, he has'
«reeied a high board fence.
When Anderson's duty was completed
on Friday evening he got a crowd of his
men together, ordered a lot of rough lum
ber, and as soon as all had arrived, pro
ceeded to erect a fence.
"It tcok us only an hour and a. half ro
build that fence, and I guess no Mission
zephyr v.ill blow it down," said Captain
Anderson as he contemplated his night's
•work.
The fence covers the windows of the
Tarpey building and it effectually shu?s
our any view of the Anderson residence.
Captain Anderson has not as yet com
pleted the construction cf his fence, which
will eventually extend from one end of
the lot to the other. Even as it stands to
day. It completely shuts out the lignt
from one side of his neighbor's house,
v.'hile on the other there is no provision
made for lighting.
\L*t any man dare to touch that fence."
says Captain Anderson, "and see what he
will get." \ ! i;
JUDGE SLOSS RECOGNIZES
CLAIM OF JOHN ABROOK
Appoints Him Administrator of the
Estate of the Late Mary
Judge Sloss appointed John Abrook ad
ministrator of the estate of his wife,
Mary Kilrov-Abrook, yesterday, relieving
Abrook's stepdaughter, Mary Ellis, and
the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company of the care of the estate, which
is worth in the neighborhood of $20,000.
Mrs. Ellis was appointed administratrix
of the estate upon the death of her mother
recently. John Abrook, who worked for
the deceased In her Kearny-street saloon,
applied for letters upon the estate, claim
ing to be the husband of his employer.
Pending the litigation, which occupied
several weeks, the trust company was
appointed administrator of the estate.
Abrook proved that he had been twice
married to Mrs. Kllroy, the second mar
riage following a divorce she had pro
cured from hiih. '. ;¦
Claims Closed Win
dows Overlooked
His Bedroom.
Pages 29 to 40
Pages 29 to 40
SAN FRANCISCO; -SUNDAY^ APRIL 6, 1902.
xSsgs^ -vj. B pg^«wrF^ : iFRT-.; : FPF^ r -- ¦;.;- ;_;- \ , ;^ a — >3r v sy rVi'HEDDING;* April "8— Private? advices Jfrom
Sa n Francisco '- are j to • the effect ¦ that the pro
jectors of the electric road ; to connect Redding
and Kes wick. will .be! here on Monday, or Tues
day.with a'party.of cnginieers' and "surveyors to"
lay out the proposed route. - •;•:.'?
•le, 8-1: ChlarinJ Bros/ Sempronlus beat A. R.
Curtis* Drason. Fly. 4-0; -T. Sullivan'* . Vagrant
beat E. Lasswell's Stylish. 9-5; Chlarfnl Bros.*
Santonin beatC. Pickard's Bright Gold 3-0-
G. Sharman's Sir Pasha beat J. M. Ray's
Doris. 3-0; A. R. Curtis' King Cotton beat H
Pechner;s Kearsargre. 3-0; C. Clock's Alameda
Lad btat R. A. Frlnk's Fiery Friend, 4-1- A-
R. Curtis' Fry by Nishtbeat J. Hurley's Sugar
Cane. 11-4; E. Geary's Fannie Hughle beat R.
B. Kay's ; Hawker, 4-2; D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl beat E. P. Glasson's Bernal Boy. ,3-0;
Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat J. Carrol's
Cascade. 4-0; H. Perlgo's Belfast beat E.
Geary's Da thy. 6-4.
For Additional Sports See Page 34.
LOS. ANGELES. April .5.— iohman's
Oakland baseball J.eam .won the^/trst game
cf the season of^Californla baseball from
the Los Angeles'" players' by., the decisive
score of 7 to L - The biggesi crowd that
ever attended a bail ' game in; Los Angeles
turned out. Every.-'dne-gaVe full credit
to the superior pfeytiigtafv.tne visltorsi
"The team that beat?-' Oaklantl this se^.
scn will win the s p£n'njf jit,' 1 * was • the'verr
diet of the majority of Hhe - "f ans." If
to-day's game-is a" fair sample of their,
work, this onjnlpn ie not far; from right.
Oakland r playib^'«' fast, snappy ball, with
l>erfect> team^wprk, and batted^Waddell,
froni whom much "was expfceted; as" if fie
were a. newly fledged amateur. The local
batters did little with Schmidt's deliver?/,
making -.only. Bix^hlts. .-These wer^'scat
tered along at wide intervals throughout
the, nine. ¦•.innings.. Three of the six hits
credited "to Los Angeles were made by
Captain .'Reilly^ , . ,.i -j £
'" The locals lost chiefly through Wad
dell'». weakness.-- in.-:, the, ,pitcher'» box.
Becker- at. first mad e : two costly errors, it
fsjahderstbod'h^-nrlll be" replaced to-mor-
EO^.by; ;Atbertdn.^Toinari- played'.a staf
game ?at short, every, , chanae,
and fielding Mn fine' ;'etyle.. !.Hahnivan; ' [n;
left ; field t ! TtnaQe several .brilliaht.:catches;
Thel-PA Arig'elesJ;earii > did-pot r display 43
goodyteam wofk as-. Oakland, but gave the
impression 'that ; with .a; few . games th?y
.wlll.b*. hard Ho beat.--; -JEJveji, with «the • en
larged seating" "capacity "the* crowd * flll&l
every bit of *pace^'« Between -TaW.and SOOOf
persons saw Mayor Snyder r to«s: the first
ball : rjver~thie^i(kite"^a?>.a'. for, the
*>penlnj£ of the, .season: was an Ini
ptJSJng'^ parade ;.of>,adtoinoblles ¦ to
the game'. In -which appeared -Ihetwo bail
dearasv thecity; and county) OfRdala.r press
representatives and various others.'Scor<£
. <¦¦ - J- ,. L 9S ANOBLER.";';. / .- - ¦' '
> *. I- '-. K %\ piB. R. BH. SB*'PO> A. : E.'
Voir.an. b.^«4..;.^. 3 0 O.^O' 1,' 6 '0
nannjvan, Ifc- ....1. 4 1 V l^^.V 0 T;l:
Altitrton. 'ft'* ::.... 4 0 1 'l - 3 " 0 vO '
IlpiiPcholder, cf. .... 4 0 2 0 1 0 *'O
,Ji4yint-r/ i!b^ ....... 4 0 0 0 2 .il'O
Dt-oker, • 1ft. •• ...;.... 3 01 0 8 2 *3
Rtllly. Sb. ...,.....« 4^.0 .,3i 0, ;J-.0.=0
\VaaOell. p. 4 ,0 ; C ' 0 ¦ 2 .3 ,0
I i S > a- 1 *# / " * * '-' * V' "¦'¦¦
f^TT^ HE fleet footed and brawnj ath
ir '\\ t X tete?. *if Ukiah^Higli : School big
'.: II ' Iri&ly ¦^vdistingjui^hed 'themselves
-\ - II ii f y^slefday ; bj; '. wfnnfHg . with . re
5 B ' ' -¦" markable case flcst place . in the
sixteenth semi-annual field day of the
Ktudents from" the Oakland High School
cAcademic..Lea§rae pn^Urttversity, of Call
fornfa binder "path; at - was ejected j the
would giv* the boys from the little- town
in Mehdocino- Cdunty'a tussle for first
honors. From the .first .^ event— the 100
yard dash, which "Was. \toft in clever style
by Hagans of Uklah— the result was
never In doubt. * The Ukiah team won
eight- first places and. four second places,
including second place in the relay race,
which alone netted them "six points. ,
3 . Aride from the easy \ manner in ' which
•the Uklah sprinters -won the victory, -the
occasion Tvas marked by the breaking of
two league records . and the .tying . of a
third. To James Weller, the Ukiah'ath
lete who won three first places, -Is flue
the honor of lowering .the, league. record
in I the low hurdles,- made by himself last
year, from :27 2-5: to ;27 1-5. In this-, event
Weller was not 'pressed In the least or he
would probably have accomplished sths
mento 1. First base on called balls— San
Francisco 2, Sacramento 1. Left on bases-
San Francisco 4, Sacramento 5. Struck , out- 1 —
Meredith 2, Doyle 1.- Double plays— N.irdjke
to Bone; Doyle to Graham to Bermingham.
Time of .game-tl.hour and 55 minutes*-. Um
pire—-O'Connell. Official, scorer — Harry ' Cash
man, v .;• . ; r r »-¦?••<¦ -j*y -.;<•;';-• . " t
OAKLA1TD -PBOVES **A y.i ; VICTOS.
'; V.:-.. ., -OAKLAND. ;¦'¦¦..¦,:;¦
- . •'¦ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. V A.'.E.
\\alters, cf. ........ 4' . 1 „ 0 0 1 0,0
Mohlor, 2b, : ..:....-. 4 2" 2.0-4* t". 0
Ktrtib. lb. ...;....; 4 0 2 0 12 ' ¦! ''I
McCMedle.- rf. ¦•..... A . 1-. 2 0 0 .0 0
Dovor<aux,"3b. ...'. . 4 1 2 0 ¦¦• 1 '¦. • S7-* 0
Dunleavy, If. '. 4 0 0 0 ' 3 ' 0 0
Francks, s.- s...V.". . '4 0 10 2. 6 0
Gorton c:....^........ 4. 1 1 -O',4 2 0
Sqhmldt. p. . ..."...., 4.. 1 1-0 0 0 .0
"¦•¦ ; Totals . 1 ;v. .-. . . ;.3i "7 11 0-27 16 1
• - *DUnlea%-y, hit byjbatted ball; -' .
. • ' ; .-.•" RUNS AND • HITS BY ¦ INNINGS. 1 :C'-
Los- Angrclos ........ 1 ;0; 0' 0 0 0-0 0 0— 1
. Pafie Llis ....... 1 1 , 1 1 s i 2 00 1— S
Oakland ..;...... 1 0 0 0 . .1 0 ?¦ 0 ' 3 ¦ •— 7
raso hits ..... :2 0 ¦ 0 0 ¦ 4 2 0 " 3 • •— 11
i Earned runs — Los Angells l.> Oakland l:Two-
. t ase : hit — Householder. , - Double • plays — Decker i
unastisred ; Francks " to : Streib. " Struck out :
By. Waddell 1, by, Schmidt 3:*. Passed ball—
Roach.- -.-Wild pitch— Waddell.-, Base on balls-
Off,- Schmidt 1. Hit ¦ by pitched ball— Toman."
Sacrifice hit— Roach. Umpire— McDonald,
. Th© jinks programme, as alreadygiven
In yesterday's Call," went through without
a hitch and the chowder. was, voted-better
than. ever before.' . :- .-'-./"¦•
This ' morning captains .-will report on
board the flagship ' at 10 o'clock, when
Ihey will receive instructions for. the day.
The fleet" will rendezvous at 'the r narrow
gauge mole. It will then cruise, over to
Meises, wharf, thence. to Sausalito, theiide
to. Tlb.uron Cove'.'dnd.. thence home. .The
fleet' will start down the creek about 10:30.
Frahk'Bartlett's ij'awl ffpray of the'- Co
rinthian ''Yacht' Club I and The f Challenger
;ot.the San Francisco" Yacht Club are ex
pected -to ;; join the ; fleet "On its 'opening
cruise.; .t-. ¦ • • . ". ¦:.¦• •" •-¦ ,'/ .''..' ,
- : •' " ' • T, [-T. ; - -. i v
Tne California Yacht | Club opened the
¦ season of 1902 yesterday at its quarters,
oh "' Oakland - Creek. - The yachts dressed
ship 8 o'clock in th^ morning, and the
bunting remained flying until the sunset
gun was fired. • The ]_ yachts already ; in
commission' are: Flagship Th^lma, yawl
Gypsfe, Aloha, Amy, Dixie, Hope,.
Iris, /Catherine,' -Jessie, E, \Mascotte,'rOc
cident, Pactoius;- Secret and Surf, and the
schooner Challenge. The launches. Alert,
Aloha.Theodora and Victor ar 3 also ready,
for active •, work. '-'..- M> ! . ".',.'. .:.';¦¦' .-'.,-5 r- I
• -The reserve stake 'at Union '" Coursing
Park ; 'yesterday; waswon-by;T. Mlllerick's
imported brindle 1 greyhound. My Selection.
In-' the 'i. deciding course the" English dog
met Gold'Hlli; the-latter! being installed 1
a 2 to 1; choice^ ¦>, At the first attempt' each
dog scored two points *.nd were'- sent back
to the slips immediately. After the '.'un
decided, 1 ' it was* eveii money \ and"'take
your ,pick. In the . nin-bft ' My '¦ Selection
led and won by •'-'a; fecore of 6- tifi '4. : ' ';
"One: round /of the tapen stake- was" run
.yefeterflay and resiilt'ed fn r seve'ral ;bpsets.
%Ml3's 'Shirley . ; beat '\ Cosey; '<Tlm- Murphy
beat Royal Rogue,' ariiTAlanieda. Lad" beat
Fiery Friend, all at' b^ds ot 3 to^i. '? -
\ "The ; sensatidnar "course T to-day ' .will - be
between '_ Rector' arid Sacramento ' Boy*, in
the; first round of the special staiie. Both
dogs cpened at 4rto 2-; in ¦ the long : odds
book, Rector being . played ' down to '3 to 1
in ¦ a' few.xninutes*.".? Sacramento ! Boy "Went
back to '5 to I.-'As the abundanc'e'of grass
is' making the hares? less active,' tlie. fm
j pressloh/. prevails: Rector* will Vshbw 'the
I greater speed.^- y" 1 . • " '"''" : ; v ':' ;; ¦ ¦; ¦¦'*.'
In the same stalte Narcissus is* at 4' to 1;
..Vandal,-. 8 to : 1; • War 'Eagle; vTanie Tfalee,
Tralee ; Boy,- Lbat'rChb'rd ¦ and" Luxon, • 10
to.-l.y;-.'* ;¦•;"¦/ /;¦¦• ' " " t '" \\-:-\\-r : i\ v ¦' . ¦
"Hickory Dick has' been 'instailed favorite
in; the open' stake :at' oddd- of 4 "to l'i'iKIng
Cptton, v 6tol; Fenll,' Miss 1 Wilson; Brutus,
Jingle; Belle,'? Mose, , Full -Moon' and-Ban
tonlh.aO Vt6 ; l.', ; > Brutus I is ? running ; at * his
best, .but' as he has never won a. deciding'
course,"" it : is ¦ a- Question\whether,; he'.Will
go; the entire . route t6' : day. ¦ .The complete
score, iwlth-' Judge .Grace's ¦; official scores,
follow : . ; ; ; - : ':~..' V'. 1; •':'"¦ -'¦ .'- '¦¦: ¦'¦':¦¦ ':'•:¦' '
Reserve stake — R. B. Kay's Schlll'lng's Best
beat . Chiarinl Bros.?- Boiia ."Magnlflca, -5-lr'/J.
Segjerscn's Gold • Hill -beat - T. Coleman's- Cot
ton Ball,-' 5-0: E.-.PraU's Glenbrook .beat: W., J.'
Browning 1 s s Little '¦. Jack.t ii~S ; - J.^ AV. :^ Fahey" s
I^usmaKh. Lad.) 5-0; i T.'Jolle'y's Little May'beat
J. : I.-; O'Brien's ( Littl6. Bob,-; 4-S; T. . MlUerlck's
My Selection «¦ bye, . Alert iWlthdrawiii.J^ Con
ley's New Moon beat It. Kealon's Pat Freeticni.'
4-3; F.-.C. Mack's Delia Mi beat M.Nealon'a
Frtd Freedom,^ 3-0." _> <-¦ v i* -^',>:' :.-.--.«..-.¦
¦Second round— Gold /Hill -^ l beat \ Schilling's
Best. 5-0 ; .: October^ Lad beat :- Glenbrook .. 6-0 •
¦My- Selection beat - Little i May,'. 3-2; . Delia* M
beat New .'Moon,' -3-0. ¦-->¦¦ ¦¦•.-- -,-*, -y. -¦¦ .
,» -.Third round— Gold " Hill beat October 'Lad,'
The first half , of the second home-and
home match over thirty-six holes between
teams of eight men representing the San
Francisco ¦ and • Oakland -Golf jj clubs was
played yesterday afternoon on the .P° lnt
Adams i links. •';"; ;r ' . > .- » ' •'.• "' .- ' :•"-•'
It was Oakland's day. N.ever in the his
tory, of the.interclub matches-has an Oak
land team so covered :. itself /with jjlory.
Not a 'single- member' of -the visiting team
managed to . score _ against his opponent,
the best that -was done by any San Fran-;
Cisco {man being accomplished by. H. M.
Hoyt, who {ended 'the' match V'all*. square";
with 'Arthur; Goodall." , The most sweeping
Victory was ,won by - i W.P: -Johnson, .who
defeated John' Lawsbn 6 up, S. L.' Abbot
Jr.," the captain of the , San' Francisco
team; lost' 1 down to F.<S.' Stratton. '..The'
course was in • excellent condition ¦ and the
weather, somewhat .cloudy. .< The ' putting
greens, owing to the:. varying amount and
kind.of, grass-growing on -them, differed,
a good "deal ; . in --speed— a circumstance
somewhat disconcerting, to ,the visitors.-
Few spectators witnessed ,lthe game, which
ended 27- up" in favor of the Oakland team.
The : San Francisco ¦ Club' lacked H the ' eery
ices of B. D. -Adamson and-J. W. Byrne.'
while : John \ Lawson i suffered ; from a; left
wrist sprained in a polo game.'. But - hone
of these i things are chargeable * with ; ' the
defeat 'of : the - 'visitors,; who were fairly
and squarely ¦ beaten. The > full ¦ details • ara
shown In the table: :' ¦ ¦ : '¦:'.¦¦-¦.
3INTERCLUB HOMg-AND-HOME MATCH.
YACHTSMEN OPEN
SAILING SEASON
OAKLAND GOLFERS
WIN HANDSOMELY
IMPORTED DOG
WINS A STAKE
Eastern Baseball Season Opens.
PHILADELPHIA, April R.--The bas»
ball season opened here to-day with a
game between the local American League
team and the Tale University team. Yala
won by the score of 7 to 5. . . • -
Annual Gymnastic Exhibition.
The annual gymnastic exhibition of San
Francisco Turn Verein will be held to
night at 323 Turk street A ( programme of
sixteen numbers has been-prepared. show
ing the various forms of physical culture
This will be interspersed wtth music un
der the direction of L. von der Mehden.
220-yard hurdle— First h«at won by Hume, B.
-H.- S.;.- second. Sanborn, S. R. H.S. Time,
28 2-5 seconds. Second heat — Won by. J. Weller.
U. H. S. ; second, Posey. ¦ B. H. S. ¦ Time, 28
seconds. Third heat— Won by F. Howe, s: R.
H.S. ; second. Cox, U;- H S. Time, 28 4-5 sec
onds. Final — Won by, J. Weller, U. H. S. ; sec
ond,.Howe, S. R. H.. S. . Time 27 1-5 seconds,
breaking, the • record of 27 2-5 , seconds estab
lished last year by the winner.
Illle. run-^Won by De Mamiel. L. H. S.- sec
ond, Weller. U^ H, S.; third, -Hunter, S. C. H.
S. ,Time, 4:82. which breaks the. record of
4:C2'4-5 established by.Westdahl, O.» H. S. •
: One mile (relay)— Won by Ukiah High School
team r Oakland,- second, Santa Rosa, third
Time.- 3:28 4-5. "• . -
Pole vault — Won by Seawell. U. H. S. ; sec
ond, Harris, S. R. H. S. j third, Burpee, O. H.
S.' Height. 9 feet" 9 inches. •
High jump— Won by Seawell, U. H. S.; sec
ond. Hlckey, B.. H.S. ; third, Titus, S C. H 8
Height. 5 feet 51-5 Inches. , *.
¦ Hammer, throw — Won by J. Weller. U H S
with a throw of 154.85 feet; second, Blakemore'
P' 2i! S £i^i th «; a throw ct 144 -« te *f- tWrdl
ixerritt. B.- H. S.. with a throw of 133.Q3 feet
Broad jump— Won by Chaplain. B. H* S dis
tance 22 feet 2 16-25 Inches : second. Hagan.
U- H. S.,^distanqe 20 feet 7% inches; third,
Baldwin. O. H. ', S., -distatnee 20 feet 4 8-25
Inches..:-". - -' .. .
V Shot ,f T i t ~^°, n by Blakemore, B. H. S.. dis
tance 43 fe«t 2 2-5 Inches; second. Hinds. 6. H.
S.. distance 42 feet 4 14-25 Inches ; third, But
terfield. S. C. H. S., distance 39 feet 6 Inches
4-0r My Selection beat Delia M 2-0 '' ¦<
HHr C <M nS C0Urse ~ My ': -Selection beat Gold
Open etake— J. H. McDuffle's Sally Brass
beat j. .vinal's Little Fullerton, 3-2f E Gea"!
Fenll r f at^ Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire? 7-3;
Xni^S n^W HIU beat M " Dillon's Cnal:
]^ ns T eT ,; 8 :°: G-Nethercotfs Hickory Dick beat
T. Jolley's Toronto. 3-0; P. M. Clarkson's Ml«
BruTimel beat J. McNeil's Blackhawk. 4-0- %
G. Whallon's Miss Shirley, beat J. Trade'ii
Lagomarslno's' Boney Boy. S %-2- w" r rf» »*
8 C 38 d 6 B eat i J - ' W I# - I*»?-Mea£
4 ' , V • c - de B. Lopea's , Pepita beat ~A - r!
Curtis' Candel^rla. ; 7-2; ¦ J. P. Thrift's Enitiw
beat O, ZahltsVHara;' 3-2; J. ShSStonW
Murpny . beat F. . A. McComb's Royal Roeuf
4-1: L Lagomarslno's La Belle- beat Pasha
Kennels' Rolllcklns Airs. 4-2;^ A *McLeod's
Royal Friend beat M. Michllik's Stray. tJay
T^t. 1 J T', Del ? p^ e C a " Jln * Ie BeIls beat El Geaxra
Little Jim, 3-2; E. Geary's Bonnie Hughfe beat
W. Cramer's Onward, 1 3-2; J. Mannlnit'i !&.»!»
beat S. ; H .Wilson'. General dTw?{, i'-^eli?
& Henley's Fearful Ship beat P. C. Bllck's
Aavanee> Guard 6-2; -Townjlte Kennels' Mosc
beat^Sterl.&MCnowles' Ice' Man. 10-3; :E
Roddy's Full Moon beat SterU & Knowl« ;
2}- t %; 4^' Chtarinl Bros/. White Hat beat r
M. Clarkaon's Prompto. .10-11- Jj Keenan'i
Lundln Links beat Pasha Kennels' Reia L^s!
Sharpshooters Will Try to Win Silver
Trophy Offered in Handicap
• Match. .
OAKLAND. April 5.— The Antler Gun
Club, composed of members of the Oak
land Xrfjdge of Elks, purchased the
grounds at Alameda Point formerly used
by the Lincoln Gun Club 1 this week and
hereafter there will be periodical shoota
for the enthusiasts. The first shoot on
the new reserve will be held to-morrow,
when there will be a popping- all day long
for prizes. A handsome silver loving cup
is to be awarded the winner of the first
handicap competition that begins in the
morning. John Matthews, William Mat
thews. Senator Frank Leavitt and Dr
Travers are among the shooters who have
submitted to the penalties of Handlcapper
Brooks. None but Oakland Elks ara
eligible to membership in the Antlers but
outsiders will be permitted the use of tho
grounds.
" "~ - : . • ¦ .'. ¦ -f.:_; ¦ -\ ?:..* :¦ ¦ . '¦ ..-i ¦¦ .
the tape, . De Mamiel called into service
all his reserve . strength and .^gradually
drew away- from his opponent. He won
anil In doing sfj clipped four-fifths of a
second from, the mile record, ¦ which was
previously 4, minutes and 52 4-5 seconds.
: : In the 880-yard run ' Byrnes of- Uklah,
who made his first appearance In a league
field day yesterday, displayed consider
able^ speed. He had need to do so, how
ever, "as c Montgomery, the clever, -\lltt2e
runner from Lowell, put up a determined
race. The- speed and endurance displayed
by .Montgomery and De Mamiel furnished
the Lowell rooters their only chance to
cheer. ; Mlddleton; whom' they, expected
to win points in the sprints, was ill' and
did not compete. ¦".
Hagans, Ukiah's, speedy sprinter,
equaled' Cadogan's- record : of 231-5 sec
onds in the 220-yard dash. . He accom
plished'this, without- being pressed.
. The field events, with the exception of
the broad Jump, 1 did not furnish as excit
ing contests as the. track events.- Chap
lin. . of ; Berkeley High School 'almost
reached Henley's record in the. broad
jump- He cleared 22 feet , and 2 1S-25
inches. .; Seawell of Uklah won. both the
high-jump and ihcpole vault' withotit ex
tending himself.. - /„ ,-•- ;.-.;
B The points wErie distrlbnted among the
different schools as- follows;- Uklah. 55;
Oakland, 27; Berkeley, 20; Santa Rosa, 11;
Lowell, 8; Santa; Clara, 4; Alameda, 1.
The results in detail follow r
100-yard dash— Won by ; Hagan, U. H. S.;
second, Wllcox.O. H. S.; third. More, A.H. S.
Time, 10.3-5 seconds. ! ¦). . ' ';_ >;• : : ¦
440-yard dash-^Won by. .Sheehan, .. O. H. S. ;
second, Wycoff, U. H: 1 S.; third, Anderson, S.
'"C'H.''S. -^Time, 64 3-6'ieconds. ¦ ''- :- " • ' '- :
:. 120-yard hurdle— rFlrst heat won by. Chaplain,
B. H. S.; second, Frel,S;,R. H. S. Time, 17 2^5
seconds. • Second heat —^Won by;"J. •. Weller. U^
•H.-S.; ; second, Thayer,;O. H.,S:: Time.'-17'4-5
seconds. iFlnal— Wpn by J.;WeHer,-;U. H.;S;;
. secd"nd, ;, Chaplain, ; B. H. S. ; : third.-- Frei. S.- R.'
H.-S.; .Tlme,',16,2-5 seconds.. -,.:/... .•.!••'.¦
8S0-yard.. dash— Won., by -Byrnes, U. -H. S.;
second; Montgomery, :L.:H. S.; third, Coyne, O.
H. S. ; Time, 2:07 1-6:, - --:.-.
.; 220-yard dash— First heat 'woh-'byWlIcox O
H. S.; second, Williams, S. R. -H.r.S., Time, 24
secondB.: • Second heat — Won by Hagan, U. H
S. ; second. Hay ward, S. < C. H. S. Time, 24 2-5
seconds. Final— Won by Hagan, U. Hi s.: sec
ond; Wilcoxr< O.. H. S. ; third, Wlllams. 'S ' R
H. S. Time. 23 1-5 seconds.i equaling the rec
ord held , by. Cadosan... O. H^.S. . ,• . ¦*-
ELKS BUY LINCOLN
GUN CLUB GE0TJND3
The mile run proved one of the best
contests of the field day and furnished a
surprise In the shape of a dark- horse.'
This arduous run was won by De Mamiel
of Lowell High School, after a courageous
struggle with Weller of Uklah. The per
sistent manner In /which these, gritty
.young sprinters fought for victory won
helrty, cheers , from the small army of
rooters that crowded the bleachers to
pe3 the sport. There were twelve starters
in this event. De' Mamiel took the lead
.at 'the start and cut "out a fast clip. He
led the bunch until In the back stretch
.'of. the last lap, when Weller spurted up
even with him. Down "the back stretch
these two raced, cheered on ; by their
school mates.- When they reached the
.home stretch,' one hundred 'yards from
distance in , better, time. He .also v;on
first iplace In the hammer throw and In
the 120 hurdles. The latter event proved
one of. the prettiest, and. most, exciting
events' of the day. In Chaplln"the Ukiah
hurdler had a dangerous opponent. This
pair ran 'neck and neck for the greater
part of the course. It was only over the
last three hurdles that Weller made th6
go.In that wpn for him the face.
; ¦ — .,.¦¦¦-,¦ .>¦ :•-. ¦•¦¦. -• ¦ .. . .--- -.-¦- \-. - --. -v ¦' ; —^
a u "¦¦ t»i rt r^ x •
- Stolen .bases— Aflame JCennedy; JJcKCd-wh,
Brown, Crawford, . ilcOllrray. Lcwenihal -2.
Knight.. Three-base hit— Overall. ; Two-bas-i
hits— Overall, Braly. Bases on balls— Off Over
all 1. off McFarland 4.' Struck out— <By ; Over
all 7. by McFarland 4. Left on bases—Calf
.fornla 5. SUnford 0. Passed balls — Hatch 3.
"Wild pitch — McFarland. | Umpire — Rube Levy
Scorer»-«-BatIa«h and Earle. Time of game
1 hoar and 40 minutes. . ' .
Braley and Overall did the best "stick"
work for the California team, the former
securing three hits and the latter two.
The other two hits by the Berkeley play
ers went to Kennedy and Heitmuller.
Most of California's batters hit to Cap
tain Cowden at second and to Shortstop
Crawford. Crawford accepted ten chances
and made only one error, but his throw
ing to first was not so sure as usual.
Lowenthal played a good game for Stan
ford, both at bat and in the field.
A- large contingent of blue and gold
rooters came down to back up their team.
The score: »
,;<-.-. . CALIFORNIA, x '¦
AB. R. Btt PO. A. E.
Hamlln/c. f 3 0 0 1 0 0
Kennedy, 3b...... 4 0 10 - 1 0
Adams, a...'. C 10 2 11
Braly. 2b 3 2 3 2 "2 1
HeiMrlcks. lb 4 0 0 14 1 1
McKeown. r. 1 4 1 0 2 0 0
Heitmuller, I. t... 4 0 1 0 0 0
Hatch, c 3 10 6 2 0
Overall, p.; .3 12 0 .6 O
¦" Totals ............... .31 6 .1 27 14 3
Stanford! ;. .
AB. R. BH. PO. A. x?.
Brown, c. t 8 1.- 0 0 0., 0
Crawford, ss 4 0 0 4 6 1
Cowden, 2b.. 4 0 0 2 3 1
McOllvray. c 4 1 1 4 2 1
Lowenthal. l.'f..: 4.1 2", 2 "0 -O
Knight, r. f 4, 0 O 1 O -O
Copp. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 O
Blake; lb..... .'.... 4 • 0 ' 1 11 0 0
McFarland, p 4 0 0 0 3 0
Totals ........35 3 4 24 1» ~3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
California 1 0 0 2 0 021 • H
Base hits .;.! 0 0 . 0 _J &. 2 2 •— 7
Stanford 1 0 0 0 0 10 1 0 — 3 1
.Bass Wta ..1 * Q.O^.e.Ot, 0 1 O-*-4
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 5.—
-¦o'fyaXi Overall won the flrst game of the
intercollegiate baseball series for the UnJ
.verelty^or California this afternoon. With
hut., three, errors charged to each team.
.California's pitcher held the cardinal bat
.iers down to four hits. The score was 6 to
3. in. favor oC, the blue and gold,
i'-' The game was interesting and at times
[ exciting . from- the first inning to tha
ninth. The Stanford players fielded -well,
but. seemed wholly unable. to connect with
Overall's delivery. The big pitcher struck
out .seven men, passed but one man to
first, hit well and played an errorless
game, accepting six chances. Me Far land.
/who went into the box for Stanford, was
"hardly up to his formi. His twirling was
riot r: as steady as usual, which was shown
toyf the .fact that four men walked to
first. . In making assists, however, he was
cool, .and did. not make an error.
The one place in which Stanford's nine
excelled California's was behind the bat.
McGlIvray played in professional form.
His throwing to bases was the feature oC
the game.
Blue and Gold Men All Play
% .Cleverly on Palo Alto
;^':, ; . : ' Field.
Wins the Baseball Game
With Stanford for
Berkeley.
OVERALL PITCHES
IN GREAT STYLE
Defeats'^Sacrainento by
Throng Turns .Out .at the
Opening of the Baseball
- -The merry base hit .sounded -once again
„ *t KecreaUOH. Basebail- Park • ,-yestenlay
and sent a ..thrill to the Ji^art.of the ar
. dent crank, who has. eagerly awaited the
, long-approaching -moment- .to cheer his
favorite player and root-for the home
team, r-r.-' .. . v- :.;; .,- • -,.
More than 5000 enthusiastic men, women
- Hid children yelled , themselves hoarse us
the different players of Uncle Henrys
aggregation stepped to the plate and lined
the sphere to the turthef ends of the lot
I for a goodly number of base hits, or wait
. ed breathlessly when the. players from
, the Capital City nearly snatched the
spoils, of victory from the locals. .,'/.¦
The crowd for. the most part left the
Grounds , happy, i After the j?!ayers had
io'led and struggled for two .long hours
the crstwhiie= '¦Germans", -put a sudden
check to the Statesmen's burst- of speed
and made 'the first advance on the pen
nant to the music* of 6 to 5. •
Uncle Hank, with his face wreathed In
smiles, eat on the bench with his men as
of yore. He had his usual fatherly con
j falls with them, and was ever on the
alert to put his new talent "wise" to
every move and trick resorted to by the
enemy. ...
"The affable Mike Fisher, who yearns to
become a magnate, performed on the vis
. itors' bench. He did the good Samarlta-n
act and. also several minor stunts, ,but
Ills, "•cope" did not seem to be up to the
'standard of Uncles. Fisher's face plain
ly €uou«d the emotion he felt during the
-agony. His "phiz" had a woe-begotten
expression until the ninth inning, wh?n
his celts landed on the ball and rolled up
three taliies. Then his face lit up for. a
brief instant, only to be clouded again
"fthtn Tommy Sheehan «ent the ball to
Lawlor la center field for the last out.
Parade of the Players. •
Before the game the players and- man
agers rode through the streets in car
riages, headed by a brass band, just as
:-they -were wont to do 'years- ago. After
much parading through the central part
•of the city they all betook themselves to
Recreation Park. After a little prelimi
nary "wanning up" they lined up for the
first struggle of the season.* ¦
Umpire Jack O'Connell was i presented
v-with a bouquet by several of his admir
ing friends. All of San Francisco's play
«s were kindly received '<• as : they took
'tJjfrif positions Al thebat/ 'ICordyke and
McHsle-camtln Idr' the" most &r the ap
¦plcus&.---G*&&axn' fcad Doyle -of • Sacramen
¦ to'' were T n0t "forgotten. ' >¦ ota r".\
r : The game itself was a one-sided affair
'tin til the final round, when the r Senators
;inade a las t rally. The endicS was the
"bert'part of the contesL Ban Francisco
outbatted and outfielded Fisher's men
the struggle.- ' f ¦'¦ ¦ '•.' .
' ', "Southpaw" Meredith a.2Iystery. ;
Meredith, the new ; southpaw, wafe' a
mystery, until the last two Innings, -when
'through lack of condition his arm gave
out. He "bravely " stuck . to it, however,
and had the pleasure of coming out on
the long tide whente appeared "all in."
Harris', new: players, rook, like a fast
¦*vnch.-.They^ ere , nearly aU;fimall men.
I but fast «n the bases ? and ¦ in the field.
r They - seem., to . be. able to .-hit some,-' too.
: Captain €husart. who <Jpe$ thicks around
, the third sack, 4s <a sreet; player. He hit
safely three times -and faultlessly handled
everything sent in -his direction. Delmas.
McHale and JCordyke were- the other
bright Sights of tha game. - SIcHale put
;th« sphere on the shady side of the cen
ter field boards la the third, and "Dyke"
kept up the good work in the fifth, when
he-jsent a ball to the urchins, jn Rlngoid
street. Delmas elevated himself high
.enough to connect with Kiehsainen's sky
. scraper with one hand In.thp seventh. He
, was roundly cheered by the crowd and
topk it all modestly. ; •.'_*'
San Francisco started after Doyle from
the -outset, and scored "runs', and hits, in
every inning but two. AJlthe boys w>re
handy with the stick. Every player ham
mered the ball safe with the exception of
Meredith. He put a foul over the right
field fence which landed on a horse and
sent hftn on a mad stampede around the
block. - -: •- :..¦ •
Sacramento could not solve Meredlth'ii
delixery until he began to show signs of
€ distress in the eighth. Then they landed
on him for a brace of hits.^tvhich netted
; two runs. In the ninth. "Vith the "'score 2
to «, two out and the bases fulj, Charley
¦ Doyle caught the hal! square on the nose
and !t soared oyej t6 center field, while
the .three. runners meandered home. Doyle
landed safely at tfte middle station. Any
kind of a hit would have tied the score
. but Sheehan ended it all by flying out to
Lawlor in center field, the ~fans" heaved
' a deep sigh of relief and the local slug
gers left the grounds well satisfied with
their first day. The score: -.
SAN FRANCISCO. *
-Bcne. 2b 4 o l o 1 a i
I^awler. cf.~. 4 J 2 0 1 0 0
Holly. t.E ; 4 1 2 0 3 2 0
t=hupart, 3b.. :.:..•.. 4 1 3 0 4 4 n'
c 3 o i o 2 o o
pelmae. rf 3 0 2 0 3 o o
.Meredith, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 o
Total* S3 .. 6 14 2 . 27 it ~i
SACRAMENTO. ' ' / -
~ w ' AB R- BH. 6B. PO. A. E.
Sheehan, 2b 6 0 10 1 1 i
-rnglaub. 2b 4 0 1 o' 2 l i
XcKan, c.s 4 0 0 0 0 1 n
Pebsamen. cf 4 0 0- 0 r 1 2 0
¦Bennfn^ham. Ib...;. #" v 1 . l-'l "6 1 i
.Vn.cr'r.Zb.j.s... ,-:-!. 4 --Jf 2, o i o o
r W*.pn«r,-|r. .-r .-';.-.-.-'; 4' • 1- >li. 6- ; 2 o o
_43rah*m. c 3 1 0 0 2 5 0
'poyle. p 4 13 0 3 5 0
s\ - ¦-¦- — — — — ___
P Total* _.... ..,,...38 5 -..O 1 24 1« 3
" EUNS AJTD HITSBT IKX'rkGS. ~ l '
San Francisco <t"'l 1 2 2 0-0 0 • fr
"¦ Base hits ... : *.0~l 2 6 2 1 I 'I »_n
Sacramento 0 0 ft A. 0 0 0 2 3 s
Bs.se hits .-:« iO =0; iOm: 2i 0 4.L3 0
..... ,-. .St-MMAUT.., T ,. . ; , .
-1- Home run» — M<HaIf'. Nordyk*. ','¦¦ Twn-base
»H— Dojle, -incrlfite WU-iahfy, Drlmas.
:First • tmse rott trrors — Hzn -Frepclsco.vt- Sac-rar-
HOME TEAM WINS
THE FIRST GAME
UKIAH HIGH SCHOOL'S AGILE ATHLETES ARE AGAIN VICTORS
IN ACADEMIC LEAGUE FIELD DAY ON BERKELEY CINDER PATH
BASEBALL, TRACK ATHLETICS, COURSING, YACHTING AND RACING ATTRACT BIG CROWDS
THE
30
San Franclseo-^-
Up
Oakland—
lUp
John • Lawson . I . , . .
S. I,.' Abbot Jr.....
H. C.. Golcher.V...
"VVarren I Gregory. .'.
O." B. Cooksey. V. .
H. M.:Hoyt...V;v;
L,.\O. Kellogg.....!
T. G. McConkey..
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
W.-p. 1 - Johnson..;,; 6-
F. e. , : stratum: : £3 1
E.R. Folger.r.v.. . 4
R.:M.i Fitzgerald.. -5i
J..A; Folger ....... S,
Arthur Goodall .... ; • ¦
J. P.. Ames.. ....... 4
C.-P. Hubbard.... 4
-Total ........... |2T-
Total ¦'..".¦'..¦:'.".-.'.•;
•Tied.
San Franclseo-^-
Up
Oakland—
lUp
John • Lawson . I . , . .
S. I,.' Abbot Jr.....
H. C.. Golcher.V...
"VVarren I Gregory. .'.
O." B. Cooksey. V. .
H. M.:Hoyt...V;v;
L,.\O. Kellogg.....!
T. G. McConkey..
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
W.-p. 1 - Johnson..;,; 6-
F. e. , : stratum: : £3 1
E.R. Folger.r.v.. . 4
R.:M.i Fitzgerald.. -5i
J..A; Folger ....... S,
Arthur Goodall .... ; • ¦
J. P.. Ames.. ....... 4
C.-P. Hubbard.... 4
-Total ........... |2T-
Total ¦'..".¦'..¦:'.".-.'.•;
•Tied.
G?eyelarid "
Tribune: Bicycles
Bafgaini'lu sccpnd'hand' bicycles
L^t njailcdj for tht' asking' v - ->
LEAVITT & RILL
t . 307-309 Larkin Street
Ffuebes— LMlsfsIes, E» Jose, Oikltad.
- . ¦ - ¦ - tf'.Jtj j?;C.-^..-:
' Strictly Reliable.
] : i$gft : Dr. Taleot t & Co. ,
•^^^p 1 Practice Confined to
••'¦¦ Contracted and Functional
WmlW ;jQisprders. ; of ftAen-
6 ' . "-O ¦¦¦• .. . iMBMHBBaHBBSBlBI... ..... a^a,
¦ ; Many Men Treated lor a WcaKncss Which N:ver Existed.
, r N -V^ LARGEST PROPORTION OF CASES OF LOST VITALITT. PREMATXIRE-
• * ness, and the^train of symptoms .known as . "weakness," certain morbid conditions '
.•olr.tb* urethra and prostate gland," damaged by contracted disorder, or too often re-
peated and. too long continued excitement, so react on the organs that % condition of dl-
-¦ mlnlshed vitality and function Is Induced. Our kowledge of the morbid changes In the s
organs themselves is quiteclear and full, but how these changes operate on the nerves i
; K and -spinal cord center are mysteries to the medical profession. Whatever the morbid
;;ehanBejnay be, : hqwever.;the effect arft>ppai*nt to' the embarrassed sufferer; these
-. troubles being symptomatic of the above mentioned andwell denned morbid conditions. '
It seems that _ even the unprofessional patient must understand that stomach drugging
,.:-;. .will not cure, but -efforts directed toward repairing the damaged tract will restore "In -
.. practloesuch.ts the case, as the treatment on these lines never falls to accomplish Um
-,. desired- result. -Colored chart sent on application •
"> P. L..TalooiW M. D^or Dr;.Talcott i Co , 897 Market Street, Oor. Sixik•vi --- • ¦¦-•¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ •;;..:/•,
STAGE MANAGER ' AND STAR
' OF THE .DRAMA. "HE IS A
BARON." , ;
NEVADA. April S.— A Chamber of Com
-••cc* .bu tetn orsaalMd - bere;
Missouri Congressman Benominated.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 5.^-Con
gressman Dorsey W. ; Shackelford,^ Demo
crat,", was renomiriated at a primary! elec
tion held in} the Eighth-Missouri 'district
v BERKELEY, April ; ,5.— Henry Vogt^
charged \ with to: commit murder
on i Hugh SO'Nelll.1 appeared? before"; Justice
Edgar; this ; morning and; had^' his? prelim
inary ? hearing .^ set or ;¦ next
morning ;' at 1 10 .o'clock.' ,. In"; lieu 'of ' $3000
bonds Vogt Is' In the* County; Jail.'/ ¦ ! "
Vogt/s Hearing Set.
.Oakland . Office San Francisco Call,
-1118 Broadway. April 5. i
In .its desperation over the -probability
of : a' decision Tagainst ¦ it - In.'- the Clough
suit . Spring ¦ Valley 'Water - Works -is
charged \with ; resorting to '¦ still" another
subterfuge.', A corporation was to-day or
ganized by.*some v of its directors,; the ulte
rior ; purpose" of; which 1 1s sald;to..be the
absorption "j of the I Spring; Valley's , : stock
In the .Murray: and .Washington .Township
Water -Company, -and" leave, nothing if or
Mrs." Clough should she win' her, suit. -
. The" Spring .Valley is fearful that It will
lose its suit : with, Mrs. "Clough /for the
water ;' rights of ; 'Alameda .Creek, j which
"means j that r it will .- be deprived .* of v ' the
privilege." of ; taking Tany; more of - the dis
puted waters. '-The" big.r.corporation,^ own-'
Ing as f It-, does ' most s of < the \ stock of ithe
township t company/; tried ' to : dissolve It; a
while ago, in Order, to defeat' Mrs.'Clough,
butiahilnjunction stopped ; all' that.* r :
¦/•NowTthe Central .Water. and : Investment
Company, has been I organized.*, with 1 M.; B. f
Kellogg, and.otrier. Spring Valley dlrectcrs
as Mncorporators/Z" Wr>R. • Davis, one -of
Mrs. dough's \ lawyers,- says ":., this'. Is ; a
scheme ".to get around the I injunction. ¦ - . : [
'¦'¦ "The ; injunction * prevents: /the -"-• Spring
Valley dissolving the township; company, -\
he says,' vbut"> there Is nothing; to ; prevent
it "• selling . Its ; stock ; to : other, people. \ at
[ might r sell ] to another , set i of people--this
new '. corporation,'^ for i Instance-^and . then
¦we ] would ; be r in the position' of ; having : to
prove 'a conspiracy^ They, are . laying deep
schemes to '; beat '. us ; and it .will be a hard
struggle.'V l vX;--^v-. ;'.;"' ¦¦/'• / £. ';"' .-. .':'¦'¦•¦;¦£¦, : i
BBAKEMAN IS CTBUSHED
3<^#j ;•!,-:'. BETWEEN FLATCABS
(rrarik^Underwbod'- Beceives v . Injury
fA toiHis Spine That* May Besult v .
i&M^. { -- -Fatally. ' ' • -...;.
April B.^-Frank (Underwood,
' a^bf akem'an'ernployed on the trains haul •'
•irig dearth /from . the /excavation / for! the
" tldal-\eanal, was crushed between two
|flatcars*\thls fmornlng : and badly ; Injured.;
'.It- is 7 feared .that his spine Is'seriously,'af
fected r ahd the hurt may prove fatal.
.¦¦ • Underwood 'was In ' the habit, of : hanging
on to" the "side steps" of the cars "while, they
"were .being'; switched „¦ about. . While ¦ pass
ing^' side" track'* this ; morning Underwood
i miscalculated? the ; distance^ between r the
car j to •Iwhlch^he^was^ clinging; and fa'^car
on'' the? siding land ; was * caught -between
i ine"m.^-i Underwood t was > conveyed : to * the
ra.-.road / hospital. . He ;• resides in West
' Oakland, v. '".. ¦"'.; . v ' jf". : ~{
Owes Too Much Alimony. ; ?;
-; April < 5.— Edith .¦ M.V Byron,'
who secured 'aydivorce from Dr. 5 * Albert E.
Byron 1 two years r ago;"jhas r dlscovered' t that
her a f orrneri husband ;' bwes> heri too much
.alimony; to \he 'allowed 1 to 'go [ longer \ with;
"out j settling up. "; Shel has" secured* a 1 j clta^
; tlon for. him i to ; appear ~ : In; Judge] Greene's
court •¦'April V14jandVsho*wi: cause. I, why ; he
:8h6uld^hbt?"be\ punished* forj contempt** In
neglecting V.-.io ' -^ pay ." $50 ; a .'month.-. •'. She
charges^ itie C- owes/ • her;' about r '$1000.'
-Hejhas far, practice at Lemoore,!; Kings
LONDON, April 5— A dispatch"; to' the
Exchange Telegraph 'Company from/Con
stantinople" announces , that the Porte, has
filed a. complaint with tne Italian Em
bassador. r charging that Italian fishermen
are extensively engaged In" landing/guns
on. the coast "of! Tripoli! and that. Italian
officers iir disguise are employed on board
sponge boats in taking soundings and ob
servations.' V ' . ' ¦ "¦ '
Turkey Files a Complaint.
Borgel; treasurer, William Hetncke; first
leader, Charles" Krommorslander;- second
leader; E. Scheppler ;• sergeant-at-arms,
A. Kruckel; leader of fencing, L. Schep
pler: color bearer, G. AudiberL
A vote of thanks was extended to the
retiring. officers, and William Heincke, on
behalf of the section, presented the re
tiring president, William Scheppler, with
a beautifully tngrossed ret. of resolutions
as a testimonial of the able manner" in
whlcn he had discharged the duties of
his office during the past four yearsT^R.
Wagner, the retiring treasurer, who held
that office for six years, was presented
with a gold medal. A banquet followed
""-the Installation.
stalled: President, Caspar Ellenberg;
\ice president. W. Jahne; secretary, J.
The annual meotlrig of the Verein Ein
tracht Turn section wa? held last Tues-.
day evcr.ing at their hall,'-- on'- Twelfth
street, and the following oftlcers'were; In-
Section of Verein Eintracht Presents
President Scheppler With Set of -.
Engrossed Besolutions.
BETraiNG orricEBs ab.e
HONOBED BY THE TTJBNEBS
OAKLAND, April 5.— Licenses to marry
were , issued to-day ; to Joseph J R. * Hamil
ton, aged 24 years, and Augusta Mosko
witr, 24, Berkeley?; Guy: E.C 'Dixon... 26,
Berkeley, and Cassle ¦ E.\ Cahill,. 20, Oak
land; Michael . J. , Mahoney. >2U and' Cath
i erine\McGulnness, 18, both of: Oakland;
'John M. Bailey, 31,' Los Angeles, and'Nel
lie L.- Simpson, 31, Berkeley; William J.
Belcher, 28, San Francisco, and Emma E.'
Smith, 20, Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
' ! ; Rev. .Father' Serdi;; will ¦ preach at the
10 :30 ':•¦ mass ,' in^ St.V-Ignatlus r Church % t hla
morning.';jRev.'tFather i Calzla;'will:preacJi
InUhe*evening;after vespers.;.. : . ;
\ Rev. \ Mr. r ; Gillett /> will;; preach i in . the
morning,*, in { the/'Af rlcan- : Methodist ; Epis
copal Zlon" Church" this morning.* Rev.lT.'
M." Draper will conduct the services in the
evening./ ?¦;¦; ¦;-' ¦ "¦;'.-¦ • ; / ; / .:'¦;./ -,
DAvBNPObt, iowa, 'April fc-ur.w. v.
Middleton; ' surgeon ~i. in ; chief I of \ the \ Chi
cago, Rock '.Island' and. Pacific] Railroad
and dean ;¦ of" the ' medical p t department '¦ of
the 'Iowa: State lUnlverslty','; died to-night
from blood f poisoning /contracted during
an operation. '"¦/ . "'¦¦ ¦'¦:¦
Professor John'D. -Meiklejohn. ¦: - .
LONDON,;; April- 5.— Professor -John
Melklejohn, { professor :? of 'theory, 'j history,
and practice of education at the Unlver-j
slty of St. Andrews, is dead.. * :':'/%l
Saloon' League; of Northern California,'
will "¦; speak : • in '¦:''¦ Lebanon Presbyterian'
Church' this ¦evening./; : : *' '_,-. "¦'%
: Rev.*\ F. vi .W. » Fischer ; of ; Emanuel ; E vari- :
gelical ¦'¦ Churchlwlll" p"reach7 this ' morning,
on ; '.'God,, Our." Pilot" Through^ Life.": and
in* the i ; evening on '. "The '. Banishment of
Fear. ' ' u - ' ¦ ' ¦ ; -
".'. Rev./ J. i M.; ; Barnhart ; will "-¦; address a
mass-meeting Tat \ the .Young. Men.'s Chris
tian ; Association faudltorlum't. this K after
noon.' His" subject will be": "The : Bible and
Present Day.'Questlons." H.' H.; Barnhart
will ling. ¦' ".- - : >/ ';-:'.:•, ." /¦ ¦¦:-¦-¦¦
John Sheehan, a - laborer, narrowly es
caped being, killed - yesterday" while at
work in a new building 'on the corner of
Washington and Mason streets. A. brick
fell from tbe upper floor and struck Shee
han on the head, rendering him- uncon-"
ccious. He was removed to, the' Emerrl
gency Hospital, where It was found that
a piece had been chipped out of his skull,
but fortunately the skull was not broken.
Laborer Narrowly Escapes Death.
Dr/JW.'D.'Middleton. -
- HALIFAX, • N.'S.V April 5.— The. Royal
Canadian; Regiment of Infantry ; , has^vol-;
unteered for service in 'South 'Africa. The
offernWas made to-day by Colonel
theV.commander r of ; the ; regiment, > to :; the
acting 'general,' -Colonel .Blscoe;; who •. Is , in
command » of^the -, British; forces in \ North
America^-, The regiment is 10Q0 strong and
is ;* now.;d6ihg /garrison ' duty ' In 5 Halifax.
.The ; offer was ; cabled ¦ to : the British War
0fflce.^-dd|£!3§sEI812 ¦ • '•• ." ('"¦'- ¦¦,
Canadians ] Anxious ' for; Fighting:
Special Dispatch to Th*. Call.
r. NEW- YORK, April 5.— A special to the
World from London i says : King Edward
nas become interested in Mrs. Maybrick's
cascMf; is reported. He' Is even, said -7to
have conferred with: Home Secretary
Ritchie about : the advisability. 1 of . releas
ing her.. $ ' " - ' ¦
;-..The Home ' Secretary, it Is asserted, op
posed'making any. exception in her 'case,'
as : he and '- all ' his \ predecessors have af
firmed their belief that ; her sentence was
just' - He is; represented ' to i have been es
pclally averse . to exercising clemency, in
her. 1 sole behalf ; In coronation year, when
public opinion would not tolerate any
A bold burglar entered the residence of
Wayle A. Samuels, a butcher, living at
1208 Scott street, late Friday afternoon,
and but for the bravery of Miss Samuels
be would have secured J24Q. Miss Samuels
surprised the burglar at bis work and by
a display, of nerve made him drop a tin
cash box containing the money. _ ':-'¦:
Miss Samuels says that she heard a
noise' in the house, and going to < one .of
the rooms found a strange man . carrying
eft her father's cash box. She ran toward
him, and in his anxiety." to escape -he
dropped the cash box and ran. into the
street.
The matter, was reported to the police.
The detectives who are working on the
case are inclined to believe that; the, sup-'
posed .burglar was ' somebody who wa^j,
trying to play. 'a Joke on the head of, the
household • in order ,to make him", more
careful with his cash box.
With a Housebreaker. '
Daughter of "Wayle A. Samuels Has
¦ ) Bather Exciting Experience
YOUNG GIRL ST7BPRISES
: '' BOLD ] BUBGLAB AT WOB K
PHILADELPHIA, A,prll .'5.-The- Cor-"
oner's -Jury.' to-day : decided that ; Thomas
W."; Hornkelth, the pugilist . known , as
Tommy JLWhite,';: who; died ¦ after : a - bout
with',Thomas Markey at a social club last
Saturday/ night;; died, of .hemorrhages of
the brain; ; Coroner's ; Physician ." •'. Morton
said a blow was ; not .. responsible f or v the
young ; man's [ death; but that the hemor
rhages ; were due. most /likely to- excite
ment/.'* ;.. " V. - - . •
' Death Not Due to the Blow.
British King Interested
in the Case" of Mrs.
Maybricl^.
This condition of affairs has been grad
ually working out during the last . few
months, but it was not until to-day that
the final move was completed, when the
Federal Salt Company secured control of
the Peterman salt beds and became ab
solute master of the salt product of the
coast. It was the effort to accomplish
this end that caused most of the troubles
that have surrounded Mt. Eden and the
Petermans. The Federal ' Salt Company
controlled all of the salt lands of Ala
meda County except those owned by the
Petermans, and as the Peterman lands
are the most valuable in ' the county, the
salt trust was anxious to secure posses
sion of them. Some of the Peterman
heirs wanted to lease to the salt trust and
some did not. A quarrel arose in the
family; the mother was committed to the
asylum, and what with attacks from
without and dissension : within the Peter
man estate bade fair to dissipate into the
air of contention and the Peterman lands
became heavily encumbered,
At last the mother wafc restored . to
competency, the heirs settled up . their
quarrels, and to-day the . Salt
Company has secured all that It wants
around Mt. Eden— the Peterman salt
marshes. The lease was placed on rec
ord to-day by which they secure these
lands for five years for $1500 a year. • Out
of this amount the Federal Salt Company
is to pay the interest on the mortgage on
the property and $500 a year on the prin
cipal of the mortgage. Upon the signing
of the lease Mrs. Pcterman received J3S75.
for which she releases the company from
all claims she may have against it.' Mrs.
Peterman has a suit for damages pending
against the company and this specific
sum Is. In settlement of that, claim.
The Peterman . family troubles have
been settled, Mrs. Mary Peterman has
been restored to competency, the tangles
over the famous ML Eden salt marshes
have come to an end and the Federal
Salt Company now holds complete \ and
absolute control of the entire salt output
of the coast.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 5.
Concocts .a New Scheme
.Aimed to/Defeat :Mrs;
* Glough;
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth Meth
odist Episcopal Church .will preach, this
morning on "Separation From the World"
and in the evening on- "The World's At
titude ." Toward Christ and the" Christian
Religion.' 1 -.
Rev. ' Frank K. Baker of the First Meth
odist Episcopal j Church will preach this
morning on "Doing a; Great : Work" and
in the evening on."Anti-Christs, but Not
a Chrlstless eWorld."
Rev. John A; B. Wilson of the Howard
street .Methodist. Episcopal Church will
preach this morning on "A j. Foundation
Feacure of the Christian Propaganda," ->'
Rev. A. C. Bane of , the California-street
Methodist Episcopal Church.' will' preach
this morning on "Doubting Thomas" and
In the evening on "The Honest Hour.",
, Rev. jMilten .D. Buck of .Trinity. Metho
dist ' Episcopal ¦ Church will', preach this
morning on In Religion" and in
the evening on vs. Circum
stances." . n" . ,. , ;,.¦
Rev. F. W. Uoyd' of the Richmond
Methodist Episcopal Church -will > pleach
this evening on "Reconciliation." ' ;
Rev., Edward; J./G. Harper.: of^ the Cen-'
tenary- Methodist Episcopal Church iwill
preach this ' morning on'. ''Life's '' Greatest
Achievements";^ and - in / the evening 'on
"The Madman of Godara." ;
. Rev. 5 E. : A. Woods of the . First ' Baptist
Church will preach this morning..: . Rev.
H. . S. Killen will : preach in the evening, :'
/' ?*Are Sin, - Dl sease and . Death Real ?", is
the/subject of the lesson at the. First
Church of Christ (Scientist) 'this morning.:
Rev: George C. Adams. of the First Con-'
gregatlonal Church will preach this i morn
ing on .Vis -^the; Church Misunderstood ?'V
,and;in the '."evening ion ."The Man ¦¦Who
-^Vas Determined to Run." . •" : .
Rev. William iRader ., of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn/
irig :on /"The Soul's Interview {With; God",
and' in \the' evening. ornVThej Minister /and
th'e" Place of the Pulpit In Modern l»lte."
- Rev. R. : Ri. Lloyd . of ; the -¦ Park ) Congre
gational Church will preach; this. mocnlng
on ."Shall -We . Turn ~ the Other ;* Cheek?"
and in the evening on. "Two . Rich ; Young
Men.'* .-¦¦•"?.:'. . ' ..- ' . ¦. •-"•. ¦ -J .--¦-•,;¦'¦
Rev, Philip Coombe of the: Richmond
Congregational 'Church ; will i preachy this
morning _ on" "Commissioned ¦: Saints j and
Thelri Honor" , and ; in ¦ the '< evening Ion'
"Non-commissioned' Saints arid'. Their. Op-
I portunitles.'V' :.;/:.;'"¦ rv- '¦'¦; '¦:'-',",y •'¦' •'¦v.-.-.V-- >¦'
..Rev. H. :H. : Bell "of the- First United
Presbyterian Church .will . " preach ;. ? this
morning ' on Risen • Life", and ; in' the
evening on "Lost Opportunities."' \
Rev. E. H. Avery of ' the ¦ Westminster,
Presbyterian .: Church ; will i- preach'i. this
morning on V'Babylon'si Monarch 1 Hum
bled".' and In the < evening- on: "'.'What; Sort
of a"Disciple! J Are\You?" ; . ,.;,
i?, Rev. Dr." Hartley, president of "the Anti
¦.-''.-,*- .'{''¦-; - ' ¦ - ¦ ;
- The monthly musical service of Simpson
Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church
will be'grlven this evening at 7:45 o'clock.
The programme will Include Rossini's
"Inflammatus" and "Whoso Dwelleth" by
the full choir; ; Rcinecke's "Ave Maria,"
by twenty lady •voices; a male; quartet,
and solos .by Mrs. H. V. Dickey, Miss
Nettle Blake and . Cecil Smith, . I. ' E.
Blake Is director -and Miss Mabel Jones
organist. . . • , ». ,
The twenty-ninth anniversary of the
Chinese missions connected with Bethany
Church will be held. this evening, at; its
house of worship, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-fifth. ' Chinese pupils will, recite
and sing hymns. An interesting pro
gramme will be rendered. •..: .-<,;-.
necting ,thls ; city wlthUhe, Pacific; Coast.
It : Is ;rumored that a concession is given
with'' the understanding.; that work < on the
proposed .line begin within thirty, days
and ;.be pushed on without stop ¦ until the
line 7 ; is completed. . . . V-: .
•¦ :':'-. -:¦ New Railroad for Mexico. -
v CITY,. OF. MEXICO; • April ' 5.— As a re
sult i'of, the vislt'of General Miller's partyT
with-whom /came President Loree, of the
«[attlmQre andTOhio, >it is announced , to
ay^hat a new. railroad. will be. built con-
Children of the Missions
to Take Part in the
Programme. ~v
EDWARD MAY
GRANT PARDON
Trust Finally Secures
the Mount Eden
Marshes.
CHINESE PUPILS
ARE TO RECITE
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi found that
death was caused by a puncture of the
lungs and the fracture of several ribs.
Conrad Rujjpel, who owns a hog ranch
at 5118 Mission street, was killed at 6:30
o'clock yesterday morning by being .run
into by an electric car. Ruppel was driv
ing toward the business part .of the city in
'Ws wagon, and while crossing the track
near the Five-Mile House was run into
by an electric car, which broke his wagon
into kindling wood and hurled him a dis
tance of several yards away from the
track. He was picked up unconscious and
taken across the road to 4263 Mission
street,' and Dr.'E. W. Torello was called,
but Ruppel died a few minutes after he
had been picked up. The-fcar that struck
his wagon was coming Into town, going
•In the same direction as Ruppel, and for
that reason he failed to observe Its ap
proach. Ruppel was a native of Ger
many, 55 years of age and was married.
Mile Souse His Wagon Is
Struck. • .
While Crossing the Track MTearJFlve-
CON BAD BTTPPEL . Kllirlii) ;* '; - .-
BY . AIT ELECTBICCAB
.Then" they ;both returned to Oakland,
she i to the switchboard in the East - Oak
land telephone office and; he' to": his work
with the local service of .the railroad. But
on J the ..first of] the present, month,, Mr.
Jenks ; »wasT>rpm6tedInto % the offices of the
division ." headquarters at the " Oakland
mole. Then the -young couple announced
their wedding and their parents have ex
tended their blessing..
v-jBut". there was some /objection* on the
'part: of some', of .the "relatives.. The young
people: felt, /however,, that r ,they ;were the
only/ones to'be consulted;' and on Decem
ber 8 last they /quietly went'to San Rafael^
,where ": they ' secured • a fllcense and were
married.'.'- ; -/'~':-.'
"DENVER. Colo.; : April 5.— The ¦''. Atlantic
Coast Limited eastbound on the ¦• Denver -and
Rio Grande Railroad ran into ¦ a« rock on -the
tracks near ¦ Glenwood fiprin&s this • morning.
The engine was derailed and " trains In . both
directions* were delayed. .Nobody was injured.
. : LOS ANGELES.' April 5. — William' Kelley,
convicted of highway, robbery, was to-day sen
tenced to ,llfe Imprlbd&ment - in San . Quentln.
Kelley was • one ; of the trio of criminals who
held up s Major ; E. •. F. ¦• C Kloccke last Decem
ber. Case and Myrtle, * his companions," are
already in . the penitentiary. V .r '
WASHINGTON,. April 5.^-Judg^ John' ' V.
McAtee, .. Associate "Judge of the Eighth' Cir
cuit ' Court; In' Oklahoma,'- has - 1 tendered ' his
reslpnatioil to the; President -and .lt'has.bcen I
nci-> ptMLS Charges have been preferred aeaintt i
J-vlK«'McAt«e.-y./. V V-- - ;; . ! ¦'..¦:¦.•¦-::,:'. - : '
ROME. April' 5.— The- report .- published ' .n |
the * United .States that 'Dowager Queen Mar- j
gherlta will visit : that- country In - the autumn i
and return home bys way. of ¦. Canada Is again
officially, declared to ba. absolutely unfounded. >.'
•LEAVENWORTH, Kaii?i '.¦ April • 5.— The' con- 5
dltlon of ; ex-Captain O.- M. s Carter.N who , Is 111 I
at. the Fort Leavenworth"mllltary..prleon;wllh'
typhoid fever, showed a marked; improvement''
to-day. .".The physlcians^now-Basr! he 'Will soon
rtcovir.-^-'^Pyfit^.c-^j^'f '''/•?-¦-. " *:¦ ¦;•/- >'
WASHINGTON.^April 5.^-A cablegram iroin
Minister Powell'" to-day. 'announces; the arrival
at . Ban Domingo of the ¦ Machias, ¦ which . was
ordered there frorr. San Juan to protect "Amert- "1
can Interests: in ' ;case .they are threatened by
the revolutionary : .movement. ¦ ,.-•,>
TBLEGRAPHVNEAVS^
I 1 .... 7^T^~7~^. — : . _„ , ..
V BRIDE OF \ FOUR MONTHS,
\P WHOSE ;--;; MARRIAGE ' % HAS
i'f JUST BECOME KNOWN. J
SPRING VALLEY
GETS DESPERATE
y It fall 1 ' happened because, the ;two young/
people.; wanted Co j wed;, and ; some" of ¦ their. I
relatives thought" that financial conditions
.were 'not exactly".what' they should' be" for.
such -a' step.-/ Jenks was " employed •¦ by i the :
' Southern- Pa*ciflc» Company;; but" theiela- :
f.tives- thought the big corporatlpnfhadnot;
{• recognized the value of his:- services suf- ¦
ficlently^to ..warrant ¦ matrimony/ - Miss
ilMcCarter, was '• an" employe'. of /'theV tele- v
1' phone ; service aih] the , East Oakland j office,
¦where she was known 'as one; of.. the pret-.
tlest girls." ; The young; people , lived j rear ;
} each'yjther 'in" 1 East "' Oakland v t and .had '
• known" each ; other ' for.: ther better f part of
i their jl ves. v.They .had 'made' mud^ pies ' to- '
" '"Betherl'inTf heir'"chlldh'ood 'days^'ahd when
they ..reached theTagev of ! manhood and
womanhood v they * decided ¦' that v it j would
. be^the proper thing to make pies together
of 'a more edible* quality.
r^^iAKLAND/TAprll 5^-It ,has : Just \
(i "> i \ ' Dee ? ' discovered that the f, ones
; vl ' v/ •' ss Blanche" McCarter.'who llvea "
¦^r^- :6n\ East 'Twentieth > street; * and*
. .' "Twenty-third ¦-•avenue,*; has •been'
Mrs. ¦ J.'F." -- Jenks '. for .four '^months,* andV
that '.-: the ; wedding/ took v . place quietly .on
December. 8 at; San' Rafael:^ So; quiet; was.;:
tlje J wedding ,' that "even .; the parents r and
relatives; of »the couple did not know. of it :
until. this; week; " :•<'.'. ' "\ ... . ;;
NOW CONTROLS
SALT MARKET
OAKLAND, April 5.— The story of
a Baron who was brought up as
a shoemaker's son, learned the
trade of his supposed father and
did not discover that he was of
noble birth until late in life, is to be told
In the mother tongue to the German
people of Oakland to-morrow nighty at
en entertainment that has been ar
ranged by California Lt>dge, Order' of
Hermann's Sons. Three acts of a play
that Is considered a masterpiece in the
fatherland are to be presented by a com
pany of sraateur actors who have de
liguted audiences before. «
The play is "Er 1st Baron|" which,
translated, is, "He Is a Baron." This
Baron, when he was an infant, was mis
taken for a shoemaker's son and reared
by the shoemaker. . He was a very will
ful fellow, and his eccentricities were al
ways getting him into trouble. Through
his scrapes his real origin was discov
ered, but it takes the play to unwind the
tangle. .
Miss Rita <U Rovey, who is to take the
Dancing will : follow the play, when the
floor will be In. charge of Emmel'Bod*.
assisted by a committee that is yet to be
named. • - ¦
The production' is in charge. of a com
mittee of California Lodge, consisting of
the following named: "William Luddecke
Albert Engelhardt, Carl Will, Ernest
Rehor, John Till man. and David "Vogt
Germanla Hall, where it is to be given,
has been gayly decorated with the Ger
man and American 'colors.
Miss di Rovey's support will consist of
Hugo Breitter, who will act as well as
execute the duties : of stage manager;
Hans Dahmns," John Hanson, ; Henrietto
Beets, John Detterbeck.Auguste Hemple.
Herman Werntzel, Ellse. Detterbeck,
Richard Mertz. Richard Frenkel, Henry
Schmidt, Emma r Meier • and Ludwig Of
fcibach. <
leading, part In the play, is to make her
debut on this side of the bay. She is a
finished amateur actress and has won
quantities of applause- from critics for
her clever acting.
MANY OBSTACLES BLOCK
• THIS YOUTH'S KLABBIAQB
Inability of Edward Mulhenx ta
Stretch His Age Brings About
Indignation Meeting.
OAKLAND, April 5.— Edward J- Mnl
hern has several obstacles to over coma
before he ' can marry Miss - Rosalie fcaro
lyne Du Four. In the first place he Is not
yet 21 years of age.-. His prospective bride
and her mother and ; another lady found
out that he Is not -21: to their sorrow, to
day when, they -went to apply for. a li
cense at the County Clerk's office. They
were refused a' license. . Then there was
an indignation meeting."- In , which - all
County Clerks,. including '.'Cupid? Leslie
McKUHcan, were denounced, iThei third
party said , the- boy- had; nor .'guardian ! to
vouch for him because the late..J.-'A.'Fill
more, who x once acted in. that capacity, is ...
dead. AgainV she said. -, he • couldn't , get ,'
the consent of hl3 father because they
work at different; times for: the railroad
and hardly ever, see each other. » , i/.' '
After a wrangle that set the County
Clerk's ; office* mad , and. drew, a crowd of
spectators McKUHcan placated everybody. I
by telling them he would carry a license
around in his pocket and when they came
with the consent he would fill it out. The
wedding is set for Monday.
Woman to • Become a Minister. ¦
OAKLAND; April- 5.— Miss Dora DIxon
will be ordained a minister of : the ddcfriiia
of spiritualism ' at a- meeting <Jf
Spiritualists" to be held in -Fraternal 'Hall
to-morrow afternoon and evening, 1 durins;
which time the thirty- fourth" anniversary
of the society will bo celebrated.' The pro
gramme Includes musical selections, read
ings and • addresses by prominent '¦ spirit
ualists. Miss Dlxon's ordination occurs^at
the evening session.'
Alameda Kepublican Delegates.
ALAMEDA. April 5.— President B. B.
Anthony of the Alameda Republican Club
has appointed the following delegates "to
the convention of the State League of Re
publican Clubs, to be held in San Jose :
J. R. Knowland, E. K. Taylor, C.' t. Tis
dale. J. C. Bates Jr.. T. O. Danlella, O. F.
W«*ks. J. B. t-anktree. W^H.^Noy^J. W.
Seebeck M. "W. Simpson. TV. K. Bracket t,
Frank OUs. P. S. Teller. J- S. Hanley. O. E.
Plummer. L. H. Brink, a I* Roger*. L.
Cordes. J. B. Barber. O. W. EmmoM. J. Mac
nin and J. "W. Ellsworth. '
general act of, amnesty toward any elasa
of criminals. '-, ".-
Sir Thomas Upton is believed to ; be at
the bottom . of , the . King's reported recent
action. Upton was a. close friend. of ths>
late Lord Chief Justice RuaseD . who used
every lever at his command to obtain Mrs.
Maybrick's release. ; Upton, it la under
stood, was primarily actuated ,by influen
tial American friends. . . • • '.
'.'..' At the close ot ¦ the programme Madame
Nevada was ] surrounded . by a crowd - of
her old • schoolmates," Whom - she received
with Iter characteristic" simple gracious^
ness.V ..-¦;. ;. ¦ '.:. Vis-'-J .'. . ) -J '-' / -','-. .- ;
Madame Nevada' leaves to-morrow, with
her . husband; Dr. -. Palmer^ and • the • mem-'
bers : ot her company, j for.'. the j north,' . and ',
this,'- her lastnight/ was spent at ."home,"
as , she still I calls ; Mills > College.' 1 , An • in-"
formal 'receptlon^.was" ;held during the
early -part; of 'the'-evenirigV -.which, was '.at
tended r'dnly.' by, -the* pupils " of J the -.school
and 'a few-old friends.'-::" :•'..•' ; - ..'.-'; ,'¦.'.¦.••!
> Part 2: Emma Nevada— Children's number,
(a) AiTale J of*;Twp;.AppIes.;(Laura '¦, Collins),
(b) ' The SleeDy Little Sister (Schles!nser),.;(c)
La Fee aux .' Chansons ¦ , <Bembers);r; : encore
!'Baby.' Mine. 1 ' • .', Leon • - Moreau — <a) ' Romance
(Schumann), v (b) : St. ? Francois -; de \ Paul - mar
chant sur, les.flots- pendant la. tempete (Liszt).'
Emma < Nevada— (a) .. In der • Fremde (Taubert);
(b)-, Waltz Sonj: (Richard • Strauts), encore "The
Mocklns Bird." , ./ . - » : , ' ,.r-r.
• Part«l: .Vl^son , Moreau — (a) Nocturne, No.. 17.
(Chopin), - (b) ¦ • St. "Francois t d' Asslse ; prechant
aux. olseaux'., (Liszt). . . Madame Nevada — (a)'
Prlert d'lphteenie j (Gluck); . (b> '- Shadow t Song,
Dlnorah-. (Meyerbeer)."* .-, encore j "Home, ; Sweet
Home." '.Leon!iloreau— (a)vTrlKU8se/ (b) Hu-'
nioresque,-. (c); Esqulsse.-.(d).; Chanson • danse
(I/eon • Moreau).""-- Madame: Nevada -— Sprlnw
songs, (a ) - Le Temps ¦ des ' Roses (Fontenai lies) , .
(b) Prlntemjs nouveau'(Vldal),-(c) Malenstlig
kelt.(Sphultz), i encore French^ Chanson.'. ,-. : - -.'
The programme was-as; follows:
•• Several ;young >, ladles in ¦ dainty \ af ter^
noon : gowns 'acted as ushers, among them
being Miss Adelaide \ FurtH,'- Miss Theresa
Fredericks;; Miss' Grace; Ells,', Miss Ger
trude". Ell9,V:Mlss', : Mabel|:Mathews,; Miss
Adelaide . Parsons, ;:Miss" jEmma; Dutcher,'
Miss '-; May.': KJuegel;'.? Misstr Hazell Dolph,
Miss < VidaTSwainivMiss • Margery ¦)¦ Moore
and .; Miss '.Burdge.';;;\''.--'; ; '%}•' :
. . The stage j-was": decorated : with ; a . prof u-
Eion'bf lilies :and popples,. a large portrait
of r Madame* Nevada 7 hanging, at T one 1 side
being ; festoonedf with ' smilax.
Madame ¦ Nevada; was t in ¦ excellent voice
this" afternoon and f responded ' generously
to" repeated fencores. " f She received a large
number , of. floral pieces. "?V A ¦•'_• '[¦¦/..'..' .
; V. Oakland.'Offlce San 'Francisco Call;
-V "v^^..'.. 1118^Broadway .''Aprir 5. >.',
• Over 200 friends > and ' ; admirers :;. greeted
Madame Emma, Nevada ' this Taf ternoon ; at
Milk j College ;pn \the j occasion ? 6f -heri last
appearance in ¦. Calif ornia; j "^The ( V concert,'
which was • for the \ benefit of I Lisser '.Hall;
took place In, that 1 beautiful; little! building
and. was .weir attended, many' coming from
San . Francisco to hear ; their favorite diva
f or. Ithe^last^tirrie^- /• : _:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
. . 1118 Broadway,, April 5.
. G. B. Daniels, managing editor ot tha
Oakland Enquirer, . escaped the ordeal pt
the witness stand in Judge Greene's court
to-day, where , he might . have be<jn forced
to tell what he knows about Dr." Pardee's
and 'Assessor Daltbn's' Interests in the
paper, through. the negligence 'of D. "Ed
ward Collins' attorneys, who did not force
the examination ;that they announced
early in the week. ¦ •"*. l<
Editor . Daniels has had several escapes
from, the witness chair. He escaped ' from
the. Court ! Commissioner one day while
actually sitting In tHe chair and all the
king's horses and al^ tne king's .men"
couldn't drag him back into it again.
:The editor's rivals at last "hit upon the
plan of having him ' testify before City
Justice. Stetson, but the Justice, on 'the
advice of his attorney, who is also Dan
iels' attorney, declined to have anything
to. do with the matter. When" Collins*
attorneys, Messrs. Ach and Richardson,
tried to mandamus the Justice ' to Issue
a subpena Judge Greene found that'every
thing, was regular in the proceedings ex
cept that they had not tendered 25 cents
as a fee and that proceeding 1 fell.
Then Collins* attorneys -declared that •
that deposition would be taken before '
Judge Greene and all hands prepared to
see another | technical battle wage'd^to
day.' But it did not materialize. Messrs.
Ach and Richardson had a .week to 'act.
but they . did not • even . issue a supbena.
The ; reason things- were allowed to 11 «
dormant, it is said, is because Ach is too
busy, but the real reason, Collins' *o»-;
ponents say, is that Judge Hall recently
found himself powerless to take a deposi
tion or enforce a subpena for a deposition
and that that- makes them hopeless of
getting a decision in their favor. J:
School.
Her Last Appearance r in ¦ Oal
/ ' ifornia Is at Girlhood's : .
Judge Hall's. Late .Decision
Said toiHaya'Dis'ccura'ged
Counsel. grcfl
Famous Diva /Sings 7 to
theiStudents of /the
U
STORY OF THE SHOEMAKER-BARON
WILL BE TOLD IN GERMAN TONGUE
California Lodge, Order of Hermann's. iSpns^-Arahges an
Entertainment and Will Give
That Is Considered a Masterpiece in the Fatherland
Marriage of Blanche \McCarter ; and J. F.
-; Jenks Is ¦ ¦ Announced After Husband's
Promotion^: arici They Receive Blessing
G.vB. Dantels'- Opponents
'¦< Fail* 'tojSersvig Subpena
\ on Him.
EDITOR ESCAPES
WITNESS STAND
FEARS OF CAUTIOUS PARENTS
FAIL TO PREVENT A WEEDING
NEVADA VISITS
MILLS COLLEGE
31
TSra;-- : sAy;':^
°^^|Not Promises,
All AJen^s Diseases
,. v *O t ' r / • ;— — — ¦ r v,;^ f - ¦ "'.-.
We Are VNot Newcomers— Our Methods Have
V Been Tested for 20 Years— We Cii re
Speedily, Thoroughly, , Positively.
WE MAKE 'NO BOLD" PROMISE^. BUT ,WB SAT VWlTtt ASSURANCE THAT :
. unless your disease Is txyond the extreme verre of hope we can surely, and post- -¦ .
'¦ tlvely cure you. To the average physician • diseases of men are classed Into certain "'
groups, and to every, patient certain general remedies are prescribed, which may have ¦
"merit, but which are not calculated to fit. the exact condition ot each Individual. - Pr. - '
• v Meyers & Co." compound-, their medicines- and. modify, their. curative agenctes so that
v the treatment strikes at; the .very, heart of the trouble — you will be contclous almost '
- from the vVery first of a returning ; health. buoyancy, ¦ visor, strength. .This staff of phy- '
. 'slclans comprises-, the "most able, ; experienced specialists on'thn'Ccwst." They are men *
who put. the whole strength of their ability . Into every .'case, whether It be a mere ?
¦¦ stubborn contracted; disorder, or such, dangerous -ailments as ' -Weakness, "varlcocele. - :
stricture or. blood poison. 1 They /have: cured 20,000 patients. They will cure you. .
'/7fl MFYFRS J&'CO ii«ve> .us* poisonous, mineral or. other* dangerous drugs! v
;' ""•¦ "'*¦"", ** v ._'., Our -famous 'remedies are. compounfled from: the purest $
'- V and '. freshest ' vegetable' extracts by "• expert chemists, , and given to our patients FREE '"
: ;OF CHARGE/. :-.;-¦; v.' -•¦ ~ ; ~/ S-: ¦ ¦:¦> .V 1 ... ''.-'. ' :^'r.' :• ;-i fV^""
TERMS REASONABLE* ln * llc * ae * lt it is not convenient' for J> patlent»'tVdei- ¦'¦
: -' rr" "-:',' *"yy "^r^T: posit ..the full amount. of our fee r ta a bank, to.ba paid f
to us when they are well, tht^y may.pay,in:monthly. (ntttaUmentfli . c*.*S"yi : ¦ " I
; If [youcannot call, -..write fully." In confldence, and we win send you trtr In a plain j
envelope full particulars of our method of . home treatment now being used In every. •
• part of, the Coast; also whatever special advlc« we may d«m necfssary, ' and state coat ''
;^;ofcure.," . ¦. - •..,.•¦ ¦• - ». .-;^i r i 'j .! |a *r"
P& 73 r Market 5t;, -¦ ' ' {-*~- :A :
'Califorhiayj
*" Hoursf9 to 12; 1 to 4; Evehinffs,'.7-.to 8-SiirKlays, 9 '.to \U "'*'i ; ¦ Sons' of • Exempts.. - ';
The Sons of Exempts have arranged for
California Council ; of • the -Daughters of
Liberty •has-been doing good ¦ work of late.'
Within vthe" last four '¦ weeks the council
received \ four ,. ; applicationsiV and' on '.'- the
night * of * the' 2d -- instant! initiated a " large
class i of •-¦:. On the ; 8th '.• instant
the i council .will '. give . a i social hop .' in its
ledge i room, In ,the i Shiels : building , and on
the night of the s - 19th 'will . give r a; grand
function )iri f Native v Sons' i Hall, vand- this
promises ; to ;be one iof, the social
affairs ; ever given ; by this i council; -The
committee ~> that*; will . have i charge of tho
affair is f composed . of Minnie > Thompson
Ida-Lathrop.> Ruby. : Hamburger, 'Annie
Mclntire and, Georee A. -Little. ¦'¦ .' -: • .
V^ ¦Daughters of JLiberty.
i-'Hamlet Circle, No. 64, the ; home circle
of Grdnd Financial Secretary Miss Agnes
D.iBremer, will give a social in Harmonle
Hall, -Alameda, on the . night \ of ; Wednes-
New Century^ Circle has elected as dele
gates to i the Grand Circle : ¦ Mrs. Lemme,'
Mrs. Zelssing,"Mrs.'. Beversen-and Mrs.
Large. •••. ; - ¦/ - - ••..,.-,.,•..;. - .
- ! Alcatraz Parlor; of the Native Sons '¦> of
the jGoldeni,West has: appointed Charles
Turner [ Jr. , ,' James X Staples , '.' J.* ; F." 'Jewell
and William Ryan as Jts good of the order
committee, and' since | it ' has { assumed its
function . it I has dono j much -Xq ] make 1 the
lodgeroom an attractive' j)lace; : for \ the
members: Entertainment Is ', provided | for
at j each session, and/ at. this ' time 'there 'is
a" whist tournament on." 'Since'the com
mittee has /"taken hold," the attendance
has increased in a remarkable degree. ",; »
1 A. • F.' Schleicher/ one .of the vice presi
dents of Stanford Parlor No. .76 and one of
the ' most popular members, -, will -leave on
the ' -12th "; inst. von a three * months'
tion, during ; which, time he will; visit
Europe and be present at the : coronation
of ; King Edward -VII. ,- On the • night of
the . let about thirty members of I the par-
Jor tendered ; Mr. ; Schlelcher: a banauet -in
one of ' the - orominent , rotisserles, and r at
the; close wished him '.a pleasant journey
•and '-a' safe return' to. our golden i shores. ' ;
U Grand Treasurer Martin is visiting, par
lors > in the .' counties of \ Mariposa and
'Amador.'-' '.'¦•¦. ¦ -'-', ¦¦---¦•'.'¦¦¦¦"*.;. '':.:¦¦¦ ¦.. '¦¦¦ ','¦-¦• .-¦;¦¦•-,
<5lA.eting Grand President Bylngton has re
tsrnpd, from a .visit to parlors in Men
doclno and Humboldt counties. ' -• . i 1
.fcThe^vote'on the proposition. to restrict
the, membership of the order stands II 1 to
1'agalnstUt. '-,;.:.;.;-; .'.-: \ ¦¦'¦¦/¦>..;:¦ ' ¦ "¦
¦i'ji':: .'-• '-. v'- ' ' ' 'Z~- .. _. -¦ ,. • '. *¦' '
$, . American Companions.
Grand, Chief , Companion "; Miss Alice
Ticoulet on • the '], evening of | the • 3d •; inst.
paid' an offlclar visit ; to ( Golden Era* Circle
in its -hall" in the Alcazar. building.\ There
were ' present a large number of \ the mem
bers/of Ithe circle and -of ; the, members of
other, circles. iThe vvisit proved to be ; one
of ; instruction; and general- interest to "all
present.^: and « so -well i pleased , ,were m the
members > with ithe r distinguished'. visitor
that they - presented S her | a . beautiful I Vase
with>mirror traV-ln tappreciation-'of <her
as a ; member of ,; the order \ and a't grand
officer. ¦ In addition Miss Ticoulet was pre
sented- a tbeautlf ul ¦; bouquet , of . red. white
and ;* blue 1 flowers \ symbolic * ot. patriotism
and -a' wreath 1 of eschscholtzlas emblem
atic s of ,i the + State j of ' California. t > During
the evening Mra.'.O.iC.' Miller,' the. deputy
grand | chief <, of . : the ' circle, '.was <¦ presented
a» handsome 'vase :ln :^recognition of her
valuable services; to the circle.^' After' the
business of the evening refreshments were
served : to all.. -;-: ; ¦ ;¦ \ .¦ ¦.. •;•-.¦ ,'¦.:¦*•¦¦
| 'The; entertainment that' was -given- by
Court : Prosperity of the l Ancient Order, of
Foresters in-thesocial'hall of the Forest
ers'- building 1 was j a': decided i success. Of
.those who I contributed ' to 1 the pleasure of
'the many who attended and are deserving
of i special , mention -were ' Miss C. Berg
strom; in;recltation;;and the Misses Ryan
and „ Dougherty, In ; specialties. ,• The -pro
gramme « of : vocal - and ". literary ' numbers
was ; followed by- a dance,' and the whole
was ..under > the. dfrection of the commit
tee of; arrangements', composed of George
Cree, chairman; H. E. -Walters; floor man
ager; ;.W. • G. Sass and' H.JJV'Waltef s. This
court'Is makingrapid progress and is In
itiating candidates at almost every ' meet-
Ing.;,-. . -.':-." ',"-¦•¦ ' '*.•,-. . '•
Ancient Order, of. Foresters.
Boyal Arcanum. .}
Since the recent adjournriierit "-. of the
Grand Council ' at Los . ; Angeles and \ the
election of Gus Gunsendorfer of- this city
as grand regen\t of the State. considerable
interest has been awakened in all of : the
councils, more particularly those located
in San , Francisco, Los Angeles and Ala
meda counties. Eight applications : were
presented by.: one member in California
Council at Los^Angelrs last week. Nine
strangers were admitted in Sierta' Council
at Oakland last -Monday! Six . applica
tions have j been ; secured ¦', t or '¦ the next
meeting of Argonaut Council of this city;
five were presented at the last held meet
ing of .Buena Vista Council, secured by
the grand regent, Brother Gunzendorfer •
Alameda Council will initiate a class of
nine on April 7, at which time a large
delegation of members from San Fran
cisco will go over as escort to the com-
Tnittee of the Grand Council who' has the
matter in charge of presenting. the prize
banner wen by Alameda Council in'mak
ing the largest net gain- during the past
year.:,, A. good time is -promised , the visit
ing brethren. ... • ' . . • ••• . .*-. ;
A The entertainment and ' social given by
"the associated councils of the city. In the
Pioneer building on Monday, : the' 31st of
March,. was well attended and was a pro
nounced success. ¦• Past : Regent :M.*S. de
-Roco presided, -The programme was-ex
cellent 1 and -was .well . rendered' by the
Italsnted , performers. . "The Holy City"
was", sung by the youngest living prima
Sflonna. little Miss' Alice Barnum. Songs
recitationg,f amuBingj specialties, together
¦tt-ith an interesting and clever address .on
,the work done and being, done in theor
«^ler,' by -Grand Regent' G.' Gunzendorfer;
At the close 'Of the .entertainment < light
.refreshments, were -'served.-. Every one
ivoted^it on immense success, f ... -A1.^-.
¦:< Grand Regent - Gunzendorfer , will issue
rWs first ¦ official circular i during the' com
;ing; week. * , He . will shortly announce his
'appointments of district deputles.togeth
'er with committee .appointments." He
urges each and every member to renewed
effort . to increase ¦ the ; membership - in' the
State at least 1000 during thecoming year-
His EloganVls "1000.net gain." (..' •,-' ,..-*.
•* Argonaut Council No. 597 j will celebrate
Its twenty-first anniversary, and the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the order ; in } June
Captain' Greenberg, ,"OId 'Reliable,',' of
the Redteamfls bringing in, with, the aid
of his .trusty : r . knight, a large number -of
applications.: j Captain Waterhouse; of the
Blue, team promises to r ( spring a sensation
in the \ tent ¦: in-: the near future I that will
make 'Captain.- Greenberg. feel' that- he
had never 'been borii. :" ¦'. .' ,:.-. :.' *>•' »v r '. ¦¦ .
.¦¦There was ; a 1 large ; attendance . of ¦ Sir
Knights at the ; last session- of ¦ San Fran
cisco Tent of the' Knights of the : Macca
beea/inciudlng'many Visitors. '• It ,was de- !
cidedto send 5 thej degree team of the tent
to f Los 'Angeles "next -'August to. enter in*
the- contest that will be had in -that city
on the occasion of the visit of Supreme
Commander ID. P.^Markey;', "who .>at that
time will be von a. „ tour- 1 of inspection
.throughout, the .West. -.; i ...> :¦¦¦:,,.. -
•¦A committee Was 'appointed tosarranse
for the ' setting/aside of one night*, in. the
month for the purpose of entertaining the
ladies of the Maccabees. "'•' ¦< ' '¦'•¦¦ •' ' ¦
Knights of the Maccabees.
The Native Sons.
to Oro Fino Parlor ofHhe Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West was one of many
pleasant events that have made the grand
officer feel that there is a degree of fra
ternal love and admiration in the order
that makes one forget the unpleasant fea
tures that are sometimes ¦ "encountered.
The visit was one of instruction as well
as of ceremony, and at the close of the
routine business the parlor presented to
the grand president a handsome • fancy
pitcher, also a bunch of beautiful floWera.
The address of the visiting grand officer
and her response in accepting the gift
were in that eloquence for which this
lady is noted. Following in . the line of
the grand president's remarks-on--the-sub
ject of Increasing the membership of the
•subordinate parlors 1 and * of inducing a
large attendance at all ¦ meetings. Grand
Vice President Miss T3Iiza . Douglas
Keith said that to make associations so
cially successful there must' be a general
f Dllcwiug of the trend of club life, and
that is intellectual activity, stimulated by
unison in work with a, definite purpose in
view. The speaker urged that under good
of the order, at each meeting of a parlor
something relative to California should be
ta'ci, and she referred with pride to the
fact that California Is the .wonderland of
the American continent and - San Fran
cisco fast becoming -.the*: winter .arid the
convention city. SSheUrgod'that the Na- ,
tivc Daughters study California as to its
ccxrynercial interests, its ."attainments in
art. ?*culj>ture and ; '«e tf oTtb. 1 ' . She also
Etated that a wide? far-reaching interest
could be aroused *¦ In ..historical -research
concerning the State. She suggested a
EjEtpJaatic study of the historical refer
ences An the rittiaL that local: landmarks
be raade ¦ the subject;-" ot *. discussion Tit
: the - meetings, and* that) when possible
rtereopticoir views of each be presented.
She^jsaid that If .the,. .Native Sons 'ami
Daughters, had been ..alive to preserving
the landmarks of California. Portsmouth
square, maatj - history by, beinSi the spot
on which the American, flag was first
raised in San Francisco,, .would not now
ue occupied by, a- monument, to a, stranger'
and i an. alien, -.Robert Louie Stevenson ;
who; ; tliough a .writer of some note, was
Jr. no way identified- witb-the history of.
the city -or State. She'also spoke of. the!
power of public: opinion and>of bow bo -
large a body as, the, Native Daughters
could mold it. .She- expressed- regret that
the "proposition, to park Telegraph Hill
had mot ! emanated ,-'.' frorn^- the . Native
Daughters, but insisted that it was their
<3uty; even though the idea, had been sug
g^stf4 =rfay some one .else.rstD^beip . the
project." Miss Keith exulted in. the, fact
that the Native Daughters in Ventura i
•The Native Daughters.
The visit of Grand President Mrs. Baker
• ¦ -Woodmen' of ; the World.'/
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World • has Issued a very well,, ar
ranged roster of its members, to which
is added a roster of the camps of this city
with the name of each consul commander
and. of the clerk of each camp. - This
camp, with its ,1200 and more members, is
working hard to make a success of the
greRt initiation that is to be held in this
city in Woodward's PaVillon oh l the night
of June 21. On that night' the beautiful
ceremony of initiation will be exemplified
by a first-class set of officers, carefully
selected. from the local camps.
North End Camp No. 646 will give a so
cial hop in Washington Square Hall,', cor
ner of Stockton and Union streets, on- the
night of the 8th inst. " . ;:
j Richmond Camp of the Woodmen of the
World No. 470 has arranged with the Co
lumbia Minstrel Company to give an en
tertalnnjent.in its' camp ; at. Richmond
Hall, corner Clement and Fourth avenues
Richmond district, on the night of tho
11th inst. In aid of. the .board of relief of
the order. ' -. ¦. - -¦-,
Calumet Camp No.' 436 -has -.'arra-nged
for an entertainment and" dance to be
given on Wednesday,- the 16th inst., in
tne Laurel Hall. of the, Shiels building.
On the night of Thursday, the 3d Inst..
Golden West Camp of the Woodmen of the
World was visited by the officers, and, a
large delegation: of - Golden • Gate - Camp
No.' 64, when the offlcers of the visiting
camp conferred the degree with the
assistance of G61den : Gate drill team,' on
thirty-seven' strangers .with that- excel
lence for which the offlcers and the team
are noted. Under good of the order;
there were addresses , by JohnvS. Patter
son,-on behalf of the 'monster initiation
that is soon to take place In this 'city.
Council Commander Barry; of the visiting
camp. ' David : Oliver , Jr. . its ?, clerk, I'^nl
Past Consul Commander T. F. Qulnlan.***"
; Golden Gate Camp No. ,64, at its: next]
meeting* -- April : 14; • will * have/ .thirty-Blxi
strangers to Initiate. -The camprstlU'thaa'
100 •" applications to ¦ act upon: r This ; ca mo!
proposes; to present 400"of 'the-700 1 candl- :
dates who are to be Initiated on the night
of the big initiation. ':¦¦'.- ..
/ i ' The Bebckahs.' ;V-'*.f:?v*-"**
i Amity JRebekah Lodge No. "161," L-Q^O?
F., willi on the night' of ;Thursday,i"April
10, give a grand ball In Odd Fellows', Hall;
on which' occasion the"decoration of chiv
alry will be * conferred I on ? Laura : ; Lowrie,
Lela , Ziegler. and Lizzie * Braley ¦" of that
lodge by ' Brigadier, General H. O.' Browcr
arid ' staff, assisted by ) Canton^ San j Fran
cisco of < thej Patriarchs r Militant, ) Captain
C. ' : H,':- .--* Kronbeck ' commanding.''.;'' J.- "H.
Young has been selected as the Hoor man
ager for the • dance which ¦ will' follow. *':V; -.',
' From the demdnd that has been already
made * for tickets of " admission * to> listen
to the -lecture .that is to be 'given' in the
hair of Mission. Rebekah Lodge on Satur
day ,\ the. 12th. inst; ; it<>is apparent .that
there will be a large attendance. j>The,lec
ture will '.be by Dr. ; Marion 'F. Sterling on
•'The.Amqslng Side of Life in .the Streets
and Bazaars of IndIa.''.».The doctor wasa
resident % of " the : land . of Kipling >: for
a quarter .of • a "century; and had ;a good
opportunity to obtain first' class material
forthe lecture. ¦ ¦¦:¦ ... - :* . ¦;,-
The . AH ? Fools'.; Easter -.'party ; that *. was
given : by Mission ,. Lodge on the night j of
the-, 5th :¦ inst. was ¦ a great i success. s - E. ; J.
Hurst, one of the most, energetic -hustlers
f or. the., lodge,' f was- ins recognition; of "his
services '. presented with -a: collar, 1 : and -the
presentation > speech was ; by ".: Frank % D.
Worth, who eulogized ; the brother for his
Arch Guglielmoni, Grand. Secretary
Martinoni, Past Noble Grand Arch L. P.
Dunand, Grand Trustee A. M. Armstrong
and L.;A y . Wolff, P. A., visited the grove
In "'San'; Rafael on the last Thursday- »ln
March. It was an official- visit. and there
were nearly a' hundred members present.
Several candidates r were initiated, and the
degrees were conferred by the officers un
der the direction of D. Sehaffer,- acting as
noble arch. There were addresses by the
grand officers, Judge Angellotti; T. Boyd,
D. Schaffer. and G. B. Martinelli, after
which refreshments. were : served. ¦• : ' ;;>
••The funeral -of* the . late i James J. "Mol
lison was held . under, the auspices of Hes
perian Grove and \ HartnageL Chapter,' the
Past % Arches' -Association, -Golden Gate
Circle of the ' Druidesses and Sotoyome
Tribe of the Red Men. "The eulogy > was
by PastNoble Grand Arch £>uAand. ; V
• . Manzanita Grove' ¦: had', a social • evening
lsst week after the election of officers and
the announcement. -was -made that , there
will.be: a" good time at the; picnic^ on the
27thlnst. at Glenwood Park. ¦.'". ', •
Noble Grand Arch G«<aeau and Deputy
The Druids.
Court Seal Rock of ', the ; Foresters - of
America is progressing, having Initiations
at every session. The court was recently
visited by Grand Senior Woodward H. A.
Gabriel, who delivered an interesting talk
on 'the subject of the growth of the or
der. ¦ Edward J. Coffney, Ernest W.Jar
kobs andr Joseph Gallagher '¦• have been
elected as delegates to the • Grand Court
session to be held in Stockton on the 5th
of May. ; During the session District Dep
uty." Grand Chief Ranger Andrew Glover
gave an interesting talk on timely topics
for 4 the advancement of the court. The
following named ! were elected to fill; -.an-'
expired terms in the court: ' H. Lanee,"
senior woodward; A. Raddelfinger, junior
woodward, and A. Roderick, senior.' bea^
die. committee on picnic j presented
a favorable, progress report in regard' to
the picnic that is to be held; at Scneutaen
Park on the 3d of August. ... : -\
-The district meeting that was held in
the- Alcazar building on the 4th inst.: was
fairly well .attended, and there -was -.a
great Ideal/ said -for the good of the order
by the grand officers who were present.
The executive council- has decided ¦'• to
take the following named offlcers of Palo
Alto to Stockton to exemplify the work of
the order under the hev/: ritual before the
grand court delegates: S.' Boyer, chief
ranger; J.; L. -Lowenthal, lecturer; M.
Israel; junior, past , chief ranger, and J.
Fossi senior warden. ; -^ ¦ , •
The new hall of the order recently.built
for the court at Watsonville will be"ded
icated- with ' appropriate ceremonies In a
short time, when the ceremony* will ; be
conducted by l Past Grand- Chief Ranger
Hugo; K. Asher, ' and'an. address will oe
delivered by Grand Chief Ranger Heenan.
Foresters of America.
On the night' of the 1st inst. Court Aca
cia of the Independent Order of Foresters
had a ladies' night in its hall in. the Pio
neer ; building, .which was" attended , by a
large number of the members and their
lady friends and also by many strangers.
,O.' K. Brown, the. chief ranger, was the
'master.' of ceremonies, .-'and. during "the
evening there -was presented an interest
ing > programme of music and song that
greatly Interested and entertained ' the
audience.' ¦ The contributors to -the pleas
ure of the evening were: Messrs. Trench,
Noyes and r Stettin; -Mrs. French/George
Geilow, M.' Scheffer, Mrs.-Ochs and E. C.
Stock. .After the several numbers ¦ were
presented there was a social hour and the
serving'of refreshments. , •
¦ Companion Court Yerba Buena at its last
held session had works. in the initiatory,
degree, and the prospects are at this. time
that the' auxiliary of .the order will, soon
receive a perceptible accession to its mem
bership. > •'„ , - %
• Court Diana has been doing some work
in the line of extension of the order, re
'ceiving applications and initiating candi
dates. - . , : . :
Independent Foresters.
On the evening .preceding the- convenr
tion, of the Grand Lodge of the United
Ancient Order of ""? Workmen the grand
officers and delegates, to the "grand body
were the guests of Magnolia Lodge after
the lodge business was over. There were
nearly two hundred present at the ban
quet that was. served by the hospitable
lodge, and a feature were "those Magno
lia sandwiches f or -».- which Magnolia is
noted." There were short addresses for
the good of the order, by a number of the
grand -officers : also j by officers of the
lodge. This lodge for a number of years
has entertained the grand officers and rep
resentatives in. the same manner; and all
who come to. the city on the eve of the
meeting of the grand body wander to tile
lodgeroom of Magnolia to enjoy its h'os
pitality^^ : •-- :- - -..-— : ..-.- ... v --. . ,. .. ..
Oh the evening of the first day's ses
sion of the Granji Lodge the Past Masters'
Association ¦ had a grand . time in B. ¦ B:
Hall, and after extending a hearty wel
come to all visiting past masters and in
itiating a number of such the Mogullion
degree was conferred on a number of eli
glbles and it was a most &criking and im
pressive ceremony for the many who took
the degree. ¦ ¦ .
On tne night of Tuesday, the 1st inst.,
unity Lodge celebrated the twenty-fourth
anniversary, of its institution by giving
an entertainment, and dance to its mem
bers and friends in Elks' Hall. The large
hall was crowded, there; being more than
two- hundred present- to enjoy the pro
gramme that 'had been prepared under
the supervision of the committee— P. W"
Ward, A. W. Tuggy, H: J. Trowbrldge, J.
M. Kane, H. Grlmshaw and N. RIese.
This included Italian specialties by A Gil
len; monologue, Mrs. R. M. Meek; ad
dress, Grand Foreman E.. A. Freeman;,
specialties by N. Parent and vocal selec
tions by Misses Keane and Riese. ><:
The competitive drill before the Grand
Lodge on the evening of the 2d inst. re
sulted, in the awarding of the three pri2es
as follows: Mount Hamilton, first* En
terprise, second,' and Capitol, third. The
work was in the subordinate lodge degree
and the chairs were .filled by the offlcers
of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 14." These offi
cers, who were J. T. Shayler, past master;
J. Robertson, master; J. Currle, foreman-
T. J. Norris, overseer: F. Rothganger",
recorder; C. King financier; R. Romer
receiver; L. 9. Budy, guide; W. Fi3hbeck,
inside watchman: J. AVrede, outside
watchman: J. F. Porter, organist, and Dr.
J. B. Clifford, medical examiner, opened
the lodge in due form and then declared
a recess to allow the drill teams of the
Fresno Lodge and the San Jose team
P.S£ ree ? f Honor . - to elve an exhibition
driJl each, and while they did exceedingly
well the ladles from San Jose produced
a much better effect by -reason of execut
ing movements in close order.-
n " : Ahcierif Order of Workmen.
' Mission Hive of the Ladies of the Mac
cabees has arranged for an entertainment
and a dance to be given In Mission Opera
Hall' on -the 12th inst.. in aid of one of its
members who is In great distress, having
recently met with misfortune. Past Lady
Commander Ella P. Jacobs and Lady
Hedges are the committee that Is ar
ranging a pleasing programme and secur
ing first-class music for the dance. ' The
Ladies of the Maccabees.
_ Selections (8 to 8:20), march, "loop the
Loop" (Jean Schwartz), selection, . vSin&tng
Girl" (Herbert), .Sichel'fl -Orchestra; contralto
solo (8:20 sharp), selected. Miss Etta O'Brien;
character impersonator and toe dancer little
Harold Borchers (late of the TivoJl); barytone
eolo, selected, Oscar Frank; the great Westln.
the eminent character impersonator, in his
unique and artistic novelty. "Great Men — Post
and Present";. Mike Scanlon and the Manhat
tan Quartet. - from the Golden City Minstrels,-
Harry H. .Coleman (first tenor), F. -'.Scanlon
"(second tenor), F. Sweeney • (first bass). E.
Davis (second bats) ; coon specialties, Elton,
"Lambert: musical selections, . orchestra ;; mono
losrue, "Hard Old Brick," Miss Esther Hoover
Dancing will follow the several nifm
bers. : . . -
On Wednesday, April 9, A. K. Kingford,
president of California Council, will ! be
the chairman of the evening at the twen
ty-ninth, entertainment to be given by the
National Union Social and Literary Club
In Odd Fellows' Hall, when the following
programme will be offered:
.California Council on the night of,Mon
day, 1 the 2d inst.;. after obligating one can
didate and receiving the petitions of two
strangers to join had open house and en
joyed, with a 1 number of friends, an April
fool smoker. The affair was arranged by
Teddy Benz and Usher McGufflck, and in
addition to the Eeveral numbers of music,
song and oratory there were pretzels and,
as the announcement- declared, "lager
pro-Boer and ' anti-Boer, and pipes I (and
dreams) and tobacco." The , attendance
was large and the interesting programme,
that was made up of the following num
bers, was greatly appreciated- by all:
Vocal selections, by the California Union
Quartet; remarks, L. E. Braun, president
of Oakland Council; vocal solo,- F. Purdy;
address. Senator James E. Field; 'vocal
solo, C. E. Ker; address on patriotism,
Charles J. King; vocal selection, M.-Ly
man; the singing of "Hoochy Koochey"
in ; an inimitable manner, "by: Recording
Secretary C. H. Van Orden; vocal, selec
tions, by Messrs. Spencer, Lambert, Paine
and W. W. Brackett, and then an exhibi
tion* of boxing by Alphohse" and Gaston
on the give and take and catch as catch
can system. As a • stag party ' affair it
was one of the best that this council has
given in years.
El Dorado Council at its last held meet-
Ing had a short business session, arid then
many of the members and visitors engaged
In an Interesting game of whist.'
Considerable interest is being taken at
this time in the formation of the > new
council for the Mission district. Its mem
bership will Le made up of many of the
most prominent residents of that section
of the city. I . * - . '
The National './.Union.
; At the annual election of Mrs. Leland
Stanford Division 106, Grand International
Auxiliary to the Brotherhood of Locomo
tive Engineers, the following were elected
for the current term: .Belle ¦ BushnelL
president ; Mrs. . W. j Miner, vice $ resident';
Mrs. P.vW. Hlckle, secretary; Mrs. W. J.
Brown, treasurer; Mrs. D. • C. ' Cornwall,
chaplain ; Mrs. Flora Alger, guide ; Mrs.
H. Harder, sentinel ; Mrs. : F. S. Bpwley,
musician; .Mrs.. A.- Brown, marshal; Mrs.
Jennie Church, • assistant marshal; Mrs.'
A. Kanold, sobriety; Mrs. D. Mclntyre,
truth; Mrs. H.- Bradley, justice,, and Mrs.
W.Purrington, morality.. Mrs. Bushnell,
who. was re-elected, was presented a hand
some cut-glass vase In appreciation of her
services.;. The : night of election ' was
the one on which the inspector, Mrs. B.
Lightner of Sacramento, paid her official
visit. . There was an exemplification of
the work and the installation of the.offi
cers by ; Mrs. George . Reising. I Then fol
lowed a sumptuous banquet, at which
Flora Alger was the toastmistress. The
third anniversary .ball of the division oi\
the 3d inst. <¦ was' well attended' and . was
a decided success. — - •
Ladies'. Auxiliary, j |
At .a. recent meeting of Sargent Lodge
No. 368 Frank E. Smith and W. W. Lyon.
were elected representatives .to the'com
ing session of the Grand Lodge of Califor
nia. A communication was read' from a
lodge' in the interior • appealing for help.
It stated. that the lodge was organized in
November last, and by reason, of a fire
early in | January it lost everything, sav
ing only its seal and four rituals. The
appeal made such a strong impression on
the- brethren present | that the secretary
was instructea by a unanimous vote to
write the offlcers of the unfortunate lodge
tendering I them as a free i gift an entire
set of officers' regalia . and jewels, to
gether with a' complete set of regalia for
initiatory degree, 1 a most ! substantial and
appropriate ¦ way* of rendering assistance
in time of need to deserving- Odd "Fellows: 1
A letter has since been received acknowl
edging their receipt and thanking in warm
terms the brethren of Sargent Lgdge.
At the last held meeting of Sargent
Lodge in- March Deputy Grand Master
Frank Smith's ;team of offlcers entered
the hall unexpectedly to the lodge or the
deputy. Under good for the order" Past
Grand N.'M.. Peterson of Fidelity Lodge
presented to | the_ deputy a very handsome
jewel. . There was a response by the re
cipient equaT to the occasion, after which
there were addresses" by Past Grands
Webb of Golden Gate Lodge and Hay of
Sargent Lodge, each of whom highly
complimented the deputy for his good and
energetic work in behalf of ithe order. ¦
The following'; named', have been chosen
by Apollo Lodge of the Odd Fellows ; as
Its representatives in the ¦ Grand . Lodge:
John R.'Aitken, W. F. Norcross, Charles
E. Perry.'-Harry'D. ' Saville and Frank
Van Ness Cox/ - '
The Odd Fellows.
next. Committees will be announced next
week.- . '. ¦ ¦"• ., ' _ i> ¦•¦¦¦¦,
. A new council Is in process of formation
at : Berkeley. Already a goodly number
of applications have been received. . ?
a grand ball to be given on Saturday, the
,26th Inst., in the Temple on -Turk street.
This will be the first function of the kind
given by this association, ana it I is ex
pected that not only members of .the jun
ior association, but those bt the parent or
ganization, * the old Exempts. ; will, join
with their sons and have a time, and in
that manner recall pleasant recollections
of the early days of San Francisco, whfin
they themselves were the shining lights
at dances. , • v~-
„..:;-... ... ¦¦ -¦'. ...,¦. I.
TEMPLE OF FRATERNITY ' TO
I BE ERECTED AT LOUISIANA
PURCHASE EXPOSITION. ".' v
zeal. and energy and then handed him the
collar; which proved to be - an old » horse
collar , decorated, with the colors of 'the
order and of many other orders. -The vie-;
tim in a ¦ graceful speech, which no one
thought he .was capable of making, turned
the tables -on the April fool jokers. After
that v; the j ¦ committee on entertainment
served nuts filled; with cotton and cakes
in -which ; there were • small . china doll
babies, pieces of cloth and pepper. This
was followed by a grand march, when
folly caps were distributed ( and each ono
in the: march; was presented with an
Easter eggas a souvenir of the occasion,
each egg -being, decorated in a r manner,to
remind the : recipient t of : ¦ the ¦'. occasion.
Taken -all in all, it was one of the ¦ most
pleasant parties that has ever been, given
by this ¦" very . progressive, wide awake
lodge. Of course . dancing followed : the
grand 'march., . C>' ; : ,
The funeral 'of Dennis Shine, who was
the husband of Mrs. Delia Shine, grand
trustee, and brother of United States Mar
shal Shine, was conducted under, the
auspices of the Native Sons and Odd Fel
lows, and was largely attended.
•The following named were the officers
at the office of the grand secretary last
week: Mrs. McCormick, Buena Vista Par
lor; Alma Bock, Piedmont Parlor; G.-and
Vice President Miss Keith,. Fannie Ed
wards. Josephine Brown and Hannah
Bailey, Darlna Parlor.; Mrs. Lela Zeigler,
Amity Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F.; Flor
ence Temple, Mj»D., Darlna Parlor; Dolly
Hymans. Sans Souci Parlor; Mrs. C. -
Barn,', Piedmont Parlor; Lena Hammerly,
Piedmont Parlor: Mrs. M. Jf. Dormer, San
Lulslta Parlor, and Bernice Peguillian and
Agnes Troy.Genevieve Baker Parlor.:
The announcement Is made, that Miss
Jennie M. Stark, president* of Las Tor
ro<jos Parlor, is to be married on the
9th Inst. at St. Patrick's Church to iHenry
G. ;Leff manna, member of Army and
Navy Parlor of the' Native Sons. '
Grand President Mrs. Baker visited the
parlor in Vallejo, Golden. State Parlor,
Golden Era Parlor and Dardenelle Parlor
last week
Mrs. Sarah Dore of Joaquin Parlor is
visiting, her sister, Mrs. J. H*. . Shine, at
her home in this city. Past Grand Presi
dent Lena H. Mills is visiting relatives in
Stockton: • V '
Mrs., Mary Meyers, one of Alta Par
lor's - most -earnest workers, has been ill
since last August and is still confined to
her home. ¦• ¦ . . \ - . ¦
*T — —7- ——7- —
under the able leadership of Past Grand
President Cora B. Slfford "had already
formed a Native Daughters Improvement
Club, a factor for good in that place that
is now engaged in saving: the historic
palms of Ventura and parking the land in
Ventura County given them by Arch
bishop Montgomery. -She also alluded: to
the good work that .the* Native Daugh
ters of Redwood City - had * done In the
matter of improving a large park in that
place, this to illustrate the power of .the
Daughters if they will all work for the
same object . \-
* There Is to be erected on the site of the
¦Louisiana Purchase Exposition 'a Temple
of 'Fraternity; which , for the; building
alone. will cost $100;000, and when ' fur
nished will cost at least {50,000 more. ; Thl3
temple will. ; be erected by the -. World's
Fair yFraternal Building Association un
der the auspices of, the Missouri Fraternal.
Congress,.. which 'represents the •¦' various
fraternal , societies doing business in. Mis
souri. The \ plans | f or . the building; de»
slgned by Thomas J. Prosser, architect,
showa' structure 300 by. 200 feet inside.
The building Is. to be ; an adaptation of
the famous -Parthenon ; of Athens, -the
standard of Greek architecture. ; Immense
Doric columns will surround the building
on all sides,- inclosing .sixteen-foot veran
das, 5 which' will ¦ surround the building ; on
the ground and 'second floors. There will
be 'eighty rooms,- all of -which will have
an abundance, of light and, air, all being
outside rooms, and running. from these
outside veranda's ; to ;an /court,
which will; be itself surrounded, oh both,
floors by broad galleries. The. interior of"
this court : is 'to be made attractive with
fountains, foliage and flowers. - ¦ -
Fraternal Temple.
great deal of time to the successful car
rying out of all the details. The costumes
vorn ty-tiio.iriany;Who.apok ; {|ar,t...in i the
grand I march 'were rich and handsome.
There were none" of thcch'eap'fefy.le of
dress that is so often noticed at bal
masques, and that added much to the
dignity of the affair. While it was a dig
nified function, there was no lack of en
joyment for all during the dances in the
very oddly decorated hall of the Golden
Gate Asylum. Miss Ambolena Snow, an
aristocratic colored dame of the tlong
ego, was an excellent make-up ana
was ; most < successfully ¦ personated by
the chairman of the -
who during ¦ the evening^ distributed
to all peanuts that-: were ; devoid
of the nut, but filled with printed mottoes
intended to tell the fortune of each re
cipient. Another character who attracted
a great deal of attention by- reason o£
being true to life was Mrs. Katzenjam
irier, wno declared that she was perfectly
happy because *'dose*bad boys, Hans and
Beine, was in bed and could play no
monkey tricks on me." So perfect was
the disguise of the wearer that no one.
could guess who she was until unmask
ing, and it was then discovered . that all
the guessers were at fault, for the lady
v. as a' stranger to the chapter members
generally- Those who assisted in making
the affair the brilliant one that it was
were: Mrs. Clara- S. Foltz, Mrs. A,' b.
Hubbard, Mrs. A. Ferson, Miss Louise
Stevenson, Miss Daisy Pabst, Miss Adah
Lunne, Mrs. E. Deminger, Mrs. Kate
Marker, H. Schumacher, A. "Roberts, W.
Irvin, Dr. M. Seeley»and J. Mitchell. The
grand march was led by Mrs. Fahren
hcltz,'the worthy matron of the chapter,
and A. Roberts, the floor manager.
Of the many who appeared in costume
there werer • '
Colonial dame. Mrs. Kate Harker;klng of
hearts. O. Harker; Komaa court lady, Mrs. M.
Pahrenlioltz; Marguerite. Mrs. H. Schumacher;
jMiieeman. H. Schumacher; clothesj>Jn firirl,
Miss S AVilJats; jot-Key. Dr. K- Stokes; Miss
Ambolena Snow. Mrs. Dot Johnson; "black dom
ino, lir. -A. •-MUlberry; student, A. Roberts;
Chinese merchant and wife. Mr. -and' Mrs.
"War-pie: *c45ha girU Mrs. Howard; clown,
Mandel Cohen -„ gypsy fortune-teller. Jlles Editn
Cohen; ! Mother ' Goose. Miss Alma Harder;
French courtier. Fred Dulfer: Mexican ' va
quaro, Dr. A. Hackett; Turkish lady. Miss la.
fctephenson; flower Eirl, Miss Fuller; popcorn
girl. Miss E. Murphy; peanut girl. Miss K.
Johnson:, little «irl, Mrs. F. L. Jones; Cleo
patra, Miss K. Shaw; German peasant, Mrs.
Harry Baehr; baker boy, Mr. Dawson; geisha
girls. Mrs. A. Cornwell and Mrs. Williams,
Grecian maiden. Miss Shaw; king ot hearts,
A- G. HusUrs; Buttercup. Miss Peck; The Call,
Dr. Florence Temple; evening star. Miss "Mul
len; Carmen. Mrs. F. Giovanessi; Marguerite,
Mi-s I Matthews; fancy dress. Miss Congdon;
Colonial dame, Mrs. Ruddick: fancy dress,
Mrs. P«ters; California poppy, Mies R. Peterb;
parlormaid. Miss Close; snow. Miss L. Red
lick; llrs. Katzenjammer, Mrs. Davidson; Car
men Miss I*. Amiott; Cleart-tte, Miss C.
fihade; ¦ black domino. Mrs. A. S. Hubbard;
folly, Sliss A. Linne; French maid. Miss E.
Deinniccr; Colonial dame, Mrs. A. Ferson;
A On'the evenSfg'of the 3d inst. California
Chapter was officially visited by Mrs.
Annie Marie Johnson, district deputy
grand matron, and as it was the first time
that the chapter was visited by an Inspec
tor it ¦ was an important event. There
were nearly three hundred andflf ty mem
bers df the order present,' who witnessed
the initiation of Dr. and Mrs. James A,
Black. Miss EL France, Robert
I*e Prance. W. C. Corbett. , Jesse D.
Hanna and Miss Mary Jeanette Brown in
a manner that brought forth the highest
encomiums from the visiting official. In
reviewing the work of the officers Mrs.
' Jchnson was . exceedingly complimentary
to all the officers— those who took part in
the ritualistic work. an<J those who per
. form the other duties in the chapter, even
cewn to the warder. The reports present
ed show that the membership of the chap
ter at the time is 301 and its finances
$2031 50. The -music for the ceremony was
furnished by Sewell Borgart, the recently
appointed organist, and -George B. Fer
gufcon. William Collins and Georgia
Hathorn, and it was rendered, in. a most
edmirable - manner. 'Professor ' Adelstein
favored with the "Ave, Maria" on the
mendolin and won much applause. After
remarks by the visiting officer Worthy
Patron P. T. Ferguson In a neat speech
presented her on .behalf at. the . chapter
with a "bunch of American Beauties and
8 costly berry spoon as -a reminder of her
visit. There -were addresses - by. Grand
Secretary Mrs. Willats and Past Grand
Patron G. I* Darling. ' After that there
v.as a banquet partaken of by more thaif
three hundred. . . . .
Charles L. Patton, president of the Ma
sonic .Widows' and Orphans' Home, has
addresed a letter to the officers of CaH-
Icrnla Chapter acknowledging ¦ on behalf
of the trustee the receipt of $500 for the
purpose of creating a permanent fund for
the "boys' bana" at the home, and In the
letter he says : "This handsome donation
reminded the trustee that California
Chapter originally raised the money to es
tablish the band and furnish instruments
for the boys. The special Interest shown
by your chapter in the Masonic Home,
especially in the band, was greatly appre
ciated by the trustees, lam pleased to
eay to you that in the near future we
hepe to be able with this money donated
by you- to purchase eome guitars and
mandolins for the girls, , that they, too,
: may be able to entertain visitors to the
home. The trustees 'are fully of the opin
ion that it is of the highest educational
value to teach the children the noble art
of music, which, is the science of the har
monies of the world." .
The grand matron is visiting, the chap
ters in the southern part cf the State.
— - On the night of the 7th District Deputy
Mrs. Johnson, will pay a 'visit to San
Francisco ChaDter. -¦ '-'¦> ¦.-*>-
s~- — «_*HE folly party that was given
r**^- . ¦ * by California Chapter of the
/T \ Order of the Eastern Star on
1 1 1 the night of March, 31 .was a"
\^-JL^ function tliat for excellence in
X *> — ' all its details hasf never, been
¦ /tuyrp^ssed by any previously
given by tnis very progressive organiza
tion. Much of the success of the affair
was due to the perspnal efforts of Mrs.
Kathrine C ; Johnson, the chairman of
the general committee, who devoted a
| A* 1 , well-attended ¦¦meeting 'of Mary. Sher-f
man . Miles Auxiliary No. : 3, Ladies of the
Spanish .War. 1 Veterans, 1 ? was' held • at : the
residence of the president, Mrs. Celynda
.Werner Ford; 60S Massachusetts avenue
northeast.' ;The" announcement 'was; made
by Mrs. Ford; that; at the next meeting
of the auxiliary, Tuesday evening, April
8, *both Mrs. ;"Miles,*.wife .ot ¦ Lieutenant
General Nelson A. Miles, and Mrs. J. Ellen
Foster; president of the Women's National
Republican Association, -would be present
and -become active members of the organi
sation.- Mrs. Miles sent a handsome jew
eled prize for, the reception and euchre
party,; on April 2, at which herself and
General Miles will bethe guests of honor.
The ladies decided to. tender their serv
ices to the Colonial Dames on the occasion
of the dedication of the monument at Ar
lington in '. memory of the American sol
diers and sailors. who gave'.up, their lives
during the. war with Spain.'; which .will . be
erected by 'the former organization at an
• early date. . -
; The following, ; from .the" Washington
Star, will . prove of , interest to j the/ mem
bers of the | societies of the "of
the Spanish >vvar, r one society of "which is
in, existence: in this city: "
Spanish. WarV^erans;
day, the ,9th J inst. The committee in
charge has arranged for a very sociable
evening. - .»' •- . fc • '
As Cold in the Lodge Ante-Room
members, of this hiVe recently presented :
Past-' Commander Lady Jacobs a 'set of
silver spoons on the ..occasion of the silver
anniversar J of her wedding.
Seven Pines Circle.
The vaudeville entertainment that was
given last week by the membership of
Seven Pines Circle, Ladles of the Q. A.
R., • was a success and the programme
that was presented made up of music,
songs and fancy dances was added to by
addresses by J. Murray Bailey and A. J.
Vining. ' The entertainment was for the
relief of distressed soldiers of the civil
war.
.B'nal B'rlth.
I Past President C. C. Morris of Monte
fiore Lodge of the Independent Order of
B'nal B'rlth will, on the night of the 7th
IesW deliver an address before that lodge
on the "Significance of the American
Flag."
THE " SA1S" FRAKCISCO CAi-I^ SUNDAY- 6, 1902.
32
Bart/ett Springs/
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
' to health and make your vacation use-
ful -as well as pleasant. -After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous. V .
Ride, drive, hunt. .. fish, bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, walk . over mountain paths,
amuse yourselves in hundreds of happy .
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send for booklet. •¦ --¦ ¦¦••-•¦ . ,
*•-.. ;• i Call. or Address
;; BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, Bartlett Springs.
2 Sutter st.,-S.-F., Lake Co., Cal. .
o o
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantaees. attractions and amuse-
ments Impossible elsewhere: ninth sea-
son ; three j months on Catalina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most -phenomenal
S shine and greatest rod and reel records
nown; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boata and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions: Fleets of Yachts
I and Launches ; Ideal ! Canm Life: ¦ Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
lngr, Music. Dancinff, etc. Fpr further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles,- or E. C. PECK; Tourist Information
Sureau,. 10 Montgomery street, San Pran-
ctsco, Cal. -¦¦¦•:;
SPRINGS-
Has all \the attractions one desires,
primarily, among, these 'are the amuse-
¦ ments for CHILDREN. 800 acres for
them . to - roam. Opens . May 1. For
• particulars \ and , prices address • . • - ¦-
EDWARD L. SANFORD, Manager. ¦• ,. ¦ r
;. ' ' Aetna Springs, Napa County. -
CAMP CURRY!
280 guests in.. .......i........."... ........1839
410 guests in.... ....................... '..UOOO
715 guests in. 1001
1000 estimated for '....1902
,- Opens about May 1st.
'•¦ Office ; at 10 ' Montgomery ¦ st.; with Peck's •
Free Information . Bureau.
YOSEMITE.
¦EL BONIirb ;HOTEL/
v The largest and .best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian i River .Valley.'-, i Excellent hunt Ins:, fishing
and . boating; fine scenery;: pure. spring water;
npwly renovated: new furniture. ¦ R. C. CAXi--
HOUN, r ProDrietor.' Duncans " Mills, ? Cal. - ,
ly-tton springs.
Tv.' Health renort: Sonoma ' open V year
round; Tiburon ferry, -7:30 a."«m.,:3:30 p.'m.
Fare, $2 40. • ¦ 807 Sutter st. Telephone Sutter
2371. :A.\V. MORSE. Manager City Office.
FOJREST HOTELy
:\ ¦;;' . .. ; : : ( ;;>A£MA:;:'i'\' •
; Santa • Crua .-Mountains. Good . trout fishing
Rebuilt and reopened.'- . B. v BOHME, 1 Prop. • . -
HOTEL EL -MONTE,
LOS GATOS. ; v.r._i
¦¦' Under , new panagement. ."*¦ Now - osea for
•business. • Ratei.JS to $15 per week. " u ™*
HIGEAI SPRIHGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
¦ • ¦ ¦ . - ¦ - ¦ •
The famous health and pleasure resort of ¦
Lake County. Finest waters for the euro of
LTVKR, KTDNET, MALARIA. KHEtTSIATISit
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every eorafort
and amusement. FRED SWIMMINQ TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bovtta« Al-
ley. Riding; and Drlvlne Horses. Splendid Trips
In Mountains or Valley. -
MOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One-person in room, "small hotel" .$10 per week
Two persons Jn room. "small hotel". $1S per lVMk
One person in room, "cottages'*... $11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages". .$20 per w«eis
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL.".....
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons In room. "MAIN HOTEl/ r M ..
• $20 and J22 per wwft
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring: to remain by th» rv>"t)i.
Call on Hotel Gazette Orace. 28 Montgomery
st. ; call on The Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery
st.,' or The Bulletin Bureau, 10 Montgomery st..
San Francisco, Cal., or write direct to CRAIO •
& WARNEIR, Mgrs., Highland Springs, Cal.
S*l**M%f SJ w from San Francisco and
• but 9 miles' staying;
waters noted .for medicinal virtue*; best nat-'
nral hot mineral water bath In State' boatinj
and swimming in Warm Springs Creek; rood
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mail,
express; and San Francisco moraine and even-
¦ ing papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. AND
STAGE SERVICE ; both morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
fa 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or
3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 iu m, only. Rates $2
a^day or. $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
ot&ce,Va Fijian bJdg. Also at Traveler of.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
: Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging. Every
ccmrort and convenience. Tiburon ferry. 7 '30
a. m.; 3:30 p. m. , Information of DR m™.
SLEE, 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371. Tour-
a* 5% cii MontsomerT «¦• »
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEU
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove"*
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com- '
fort.; pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and -best of everything. Address
yia F bu C C A C a^ StfF&L*?'*" .**"? * tatlon -
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mta_«
2 hours from , San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports: tablo unsur-
passed: best mineral . water on the coast: ODen
all the year. A. S. OLNEY. Manager.
YJCHY SPRINGS— 3 miles from UXiah.
.? Mendoclnc, Co. Natural electric waters! -
champagne baths. . Only place In the world of
this class at waters having continuous flow ot
natural waVnx water direct : from springs to
t»i s« Lovel y A « T » ua *». fishing, hunting. Crys-
K^it£^SS-; Sl ? m »« from Cazadero.
Hanf?n^ iSs. 1200^* 1 * mon * the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $io a week- famiiv
rates. Address WM. KING* Cazaderof' *
G t r4f D v,S :NTRAI '' H °TEL. : Guernevllle.
«H ¦* j^' w .management; thoroughly re^
>.i..i:h4..h-iA..m.:imi..i-i:.i..^^^^^^^ !
DRV GOODS COMPANY. \
Speeiai Off erings. ;
Kadies' Hemstitched Undermuslins. :
Fresh, Bright, snappy, and: ovt ol the ordhiary, being the best all-rovnd .
valves to be lovnd anywhere lor the money asked— .. '.
ONE DOLLAR. i
stitched ; the neatest ana _. . as . aro : a u our undergar- -
• nattiest line 'that 'can be u ments-and not to be found >•
shown at any place. elsewhere^ :^
WHITE LAWN'S KIRTS- .«. cOBSET COVERS— In a new y' m
Trimmed with lawnrtuck- shape In lawn, trimmed/.
"ed, 'hemstitched; flounce 1>^ with hemstitching: and fine .
made with careful atten- nk lace; perfectflttlnsrandjwell •
ftlon to detail and style. .^ finished. ;
*'-- •¦ -—— — — — o *<o — — ¦ ;
EXTRA SPECIAL. ""SS?" •
> FIFTY GENTS. •
GITY OF PARIS DRY GbpbS^COIVIPANY/; :
' : •;::,-. / Qeary and Stookion Streets, Union Square. : ;
/ r MaU and Express Orders Beceiya Immediit9 Attention.Mr and Mrs. Edwin Oscar Burns gave
a card party recently at their home^on
Page street. Twenty-four invitedj guests
enjoyed the game-progressive buchre.
The house was prettily decorated with
ferns and flowers. Dainty, refreshments
were served. ..
A farewell dance was given to Miss
CeliaFischer by her friends in Golden
Gate Hall on Sunday evening, March. 23,
prior to her departure for Europe.,. The
affair was a success. During the evening
a poem, written In honor of Miss Fischer,
was read, and she responded to It with
a charming little speech. Nate Scharlin
acted as floor manager, and the guests
were received by Miss Sadie Harris and
Miss Jessie Zacharias. The memory- of
this farewell party, a. token of the love
and regard in which she . is held, will
surely be remembered with pleasure.
A pleasant ' surprise was tendered ¦ to
Miss Josie Finale at her home, 2117 Mason
street, on Saturday, evening, March 23.
Those who assisted in making the affair
a success were: Miss Josie Finale, Mrs.
Caringlia, Miss May Finale. Miss Jennie
Peseta Miss Kate Schiafflno, Miss Albina
.Demichelli. Miss L. Pelrano, Miss Ray
Peirano Miss Komie Denign, Miss L.
Esola, Miss Annie Petto, Miss Josie Petto,
Miss Angela Perrone. Mrs. E. Oliva, Mrs.
J Olivaf and Messrs. TV Finale, . J. L.
Oliva, George Oliva, Fred Oliva, A. Pes
eta L Brizzolara, F. Pelrano, G. Bray,
j Barricklo. L. Smith, E. Barblerl; D.
Perrone and E. Oliva. _ _ ¦ •
A surprise party was given to T. H.
Kortick at 225 Castro street March 31; the
occasion being the thirty-eighth anniver
sary of his birth. The drawing-rooms
were decorated with acacias, lilies, lilacs
and evergreens and outside many Chinese
lanterns were hung. Vocal: and instru
mental music afforded entertainment. The
Rev Father Carr gave a recitation- and
a song: Sergeant I Harry . Gleason gave
some sacred music on the organ, and his
wife gave a whistling solo; Mrs. Schutzell
sang' D. Curtln gave a discourse on sin
gle felicity- and Mr. > Kortick rendered
some selections on the violin; Mrs. Kor
tick sang "Home, -Sweet Home."- Supper
was served and the affair terminated ¦ at
midnight: Those present were: Mrs. Dr.
McKiernan. Dr. -T.'-M. Smith. Miss Bert
Marr Evelyn Harrington, Ella McDon
ald Ernest and Clifford Kortick,, Prince
Shutzell and J. Crowley.
A very enjoyable party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. George Simmons at their
residence. 245 Eleventh street, Wednesday,
evening, March 26, in honor of the twen
tieth anniversary of their .marriage.
Among those present were:; Mr. and Mrs.
Simmons, -Mr. . and , Mrs. Strassburger,
Mr. and Mrs. Orack, Mr. and Mrs. Basch,
1 Mr and Mrs. .Wcstdorp, Miss B.'.Alten
berg. Mrs. Hagler, Mr., and Mrs.' Horn,
Misses Rose' Simmons, Sadie Strassbur
ger, Josie Horn; Rose Orack, Julia Orack;
Bertha Hagler, : Elsie Hagler . and Annie
Manheim; Charles' Simmons; Abe Baum;
Max Horn, Ed! Simmons, Isador Lipman,
Louis Basch, Carl Cramer, Monroe, Stern,-
Home Parties.
Mrs H. F. Fortmann, Mr«. VC. E. Stevens,
Mrs. Joseph Austin Mrs. Charles Harley, Mrs.
H. F. Barber Miss Cluff, Miss Mabel Cluff.
Miss Stella Fortmaim entertained near
ly 100 of her friends yesterday afternoon
at her home, 1007 Gough street. The
feature of the afternoon was euchre and
the prizes were pretty and unique. The
decorations were spring blossoms and
palms. Those who assisted the young
hostess were:
Mrs Eomcrs. Mr*. Beatty. Mrs. McKee, Miss
B*atty, Mies Elizabeth Huntington, Miss Isabel
Hooper Miss Lacy. Miss Anthony, Miss Nor
wood and Miss EdiJ.h Foster.
* • •
Miss Jennette Hooper was hostess at a
delightful tea yesterday afternoon at 2201
Laguna street. More than 209 guests were
received during the hours from 5 to 7
and were most pleasantly entertained.
The drawing-rooms were handsomely dec
orated with spring flowers and palms.
Miss Hooper was charming in a light
summer gown and the young ladies who
assisted her were similarly dressed. Those
who received with Miss Hooper were:
Mrs. James OtisSr.. Mrs. M. Hall McAllister.
Mrs Frederick B. Lake. Mrs. Charles L. OUs.
Mrs7 Alexander D. Keyes. Mrs. Chauncey
r-oardman, Mrs. George Boardman, Miss Ethel
Coop*r, Miss Sophia Pierce. Miss Bernle Drown,
the Misses Harrington, the Missfes Brigham, the
il.sits Parrott and MIbs Georgina Jones.
The pretty drawing-rooms of Mrs.
James Otis* residence at 2522 Pacific ave
nue were thronged with callers yester
day afternoon between the hcurs of 4
and 6. The decorations suggested a spring
orchard, so profuse were the pink and
¦white fruit blossoms. The library was
done in white with baskets of cherry and
apple blossoms arranged with most rvrtls
tic effect. Pink was the predominating
color In the dining-room, consisting chief
ly of branches of Japanese plums and
peonies.
In the drawing-rooms roses and peonies
¦were intermingled with the fruit blos-
Borris. The tea was in honor of Miss
Margaret Salisbury and Danforth Board
man, whose engagement has just been
announced. Mrs. Otis received the guests
with her usual charming cordiality. She
•was becomingly gowned In white net over
Bilk. Dainty refreshments were served
<Suring the afternoon. Among those who
assisted in receiving were:
The -wedding of < Miss Marie . Freeman
and E. M. Armstrong on Wednesday last,
although a very private affair, . was of
considerable importance, " Inasmuch as it
served to unite two of the best families
in the State. The bride is a daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Freeman, who for
many years was numbered among the
strongest and most influential families in
Yolo County, but who have been of late
much sought after in San Franclscoiso
ciety. The bride Is even better known for
her unusually bright mentality and. her"
charming manners than for her marked
and pleasing beauty. She is liberally edu
cated, having graiuated with honors from
Stanford Unlverelty. The groom has many
strong friends both In Woodland and San
Francisco and is unusually popular. Mr.'
and Mr«. Armstrong are on .their wedding
trip, and Woodland will be one of the
points of interest visited, where they will
receive. unlimited good wishes from their
hosts of friends. ¦
"The Chaperon," by Rachel Baker, was
cleverly produced last evening by fifteen
seniors of the Girls' High School In the
auditorium of the building. Professor L.
D. Syle directed the presentation. - A
great deal of talent was displayed by the
performers.
Miss Celia Tobin and William F. Lin
coln will be the principals at a pretty
wedding on April 14, which will take place
In the drawing-room of the' St. Nicholas
Hotel. The bride-elect is the youngest
daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.* J. F.
Tobin of Vallejo. The groom is a resident
of San Francisco. . .
A grand minstrel entertainment and
ball was given last night. at Golden Gate
Hall by the Piedmont circle of minstrels
for the benefit of the. Twentieth Century
Club, which is composed of the Ancient
Order of Foresters and the Companions
of the Forest. The. proceeds will be de
voted to entertaining the delegates of the
coming convention. After the minstrel
show and accompanying farce a dance
was enjoyed for the balance of the even
ing. Fully £00 guests were present.
Messrs. ¦William H. Crocker, J. Downey Har
vey, Lansing Mlzner, Horace Platt, Joseph I.
Grant, Claus Spreckels.- J. D. Spreckels, Adolph
Bpreckcls. E Hopkins, Mr. Zelle, Mountford
Wilson, H. T. Scott. Robert Oxnard.. Chauncey
Winslow. Herman Oelrichs, -. Henry Crocker,
George Newhall, William Bourne, "William S.
Tevls, • Walter Gibson, J. A. Folger. Frank
Carolan, J. B. Crockett. Robert Fitzgerald,
Augustus Taylor. Walter L. Dean and Timothy
Hcpklns.
• • •
William G. Irwin was host at a etag
dinner last evening at his residence,
Washington and Lagxma streets, in henor
of his brother-in-law, Edward Moore
Robinson, and A- Sturglss, both of Phila
delphia. Covers were laid for .thirty.
Jonquils arid Easter lilies were effectively
arranged upon the large table, while in
the center was a large silver vase filled
with white cherry, blossoms. The guests
thoroughly enjoyed the hospitality of the
genial host. * Those present were:
Miss Georgia Epieker. Miss Clara Underhlll,
Miss Leah Shlngleberger, Miss Anna Keane
and MI23 Alice May,
DINNERS AND TEAS ENLIVEN SEASON.
A very pretty home wedding was that of
Miss belie Newman and Mr. J. Lewis
Abrams, which took place at the home of
the bride's grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.
L. Redlick, last buhday afternoon. The
rooms and halls were prettily decorated
in spring blossoms and pink roses. To the
strains of Lohengrin's march, the bridal
procession entered and under a canopy
of pink roses Rabbi Margolis of Stockton
pronounced the solemn words. The bride
was attired in white silk mull over white
taffeta. Her tulle veil was. held with
orange blossoms, caught with a diamond
sunburst, the gift of the groom, and she
carried a shower bouquet of lilies of the
valley. Miss Fannie Redlick was maid of
honor, while Mr. Philip Bush acted as
best man. A little niece of the groom was
ring bearer and two little cousins of the
bride, in white satin, as pages, carried the
train. Only relatives and a few intimate
friends were present. At the wedding
breakfast telegrams from far and near
were read.- After an extended trip through
Southern California and Mexico .the young
couple will make their home in Stockton,
where the groom has business interests.
Dr W. E. Conlan and Mrs. Annie Ben
nett were married on Wednesday at St.
Vincent's' Church, San Rafael, by Rev.
Father Phillips. The bride^is from. Fres
no Dr. Conlan is resident physician at
X£h m L*J U o S nes and Miss' Freida Duttke
were married on March 20 by Rev. Charles
S Alis^ Mae E.' Blennerhassett and Wil
liam Ticrnan were united in marriage at
St. Mary's Cathedral on Wednesday by
tho Rev. Father Ramm. Mr. and Mrs.
Tiernan will reside at Ashbury Heights.
j Miss Marie Bobbins and Mr. Christian
H. Hilbert were quietly married on
Wednesday afternoon at the home , of the
bride's sister. Mrs. John G. Button. 1314
Washington street. The couple will re
side in Ross "Valley. T
Miss Sallie F. Lennon and Mr. Fred TG.
Ruddfck had a pretty church wedding-
Wednesday evening at Dolores Mission.
A reception followed at the bride s home.
527 Church street. Mr. and Mrs.-Rud
dlck will live at the St. Nicholas until
their new home on Jackson street is com-
P MI^- Agnes B. McCuen and.Mr T. New
ton Carter were married at St. J^ary s
Cathedral Wednesday at high noon. A
reception followed at the home of the
bride's aunt. 415 Van Ness avenue.
Palace Hotel after returning from their
W C d apt n a1n tr o P - M. Lissak. U. S. A., .and
Miss Alice 'Warrington Harteel were mar
ried at Christ Church Chapel, Philadel
phia, on Thursday last. The groom has
beer, one of the most popular men in this
° Miss Gertrude May Billings and Roy
Valleir. where a home has been given to
the bride by her father.
G. E. Bailey, E. M.i Ph.D., and Miss
Reba Boston were married last week at
the home of Dr. Will C. Bailey, brother of
the groom. Rev. S. Slocomb officiated.
Mr. Bailey is .connected .with the State
Mining Bureau and has just finished
works on the "Salines of the States" and
a guide to the "Minerals of California,",
and is at work on the "Gems and Jewel
ers' Material of the State." The profes
sor was formerly in charge of» the geo
logical survey of Wyoming and is well
known on the frontier. . ;-
They're Married.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Meyer announce
the engagement of their daughter, The
resa, to John G..Rapp. " ,
The marriage of Miss Sara Brilliant and
Dr. S. K. Jacobs will take place Sunday,
April 13, at the residence of /the. bride* s
parents in Alameda. :
: The marriage of Joseph G. Cox and Miss
Sadie Elizabeth Robinson will take place
Thursday evening, April 10.
The engagement is announced of Samuel
Morris ana Miss Cora Burrows. They
will receive Sunday, April 13, from 2 to 5,
at 12314 Fell street.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Wise announce the
engagement of their daughter, Madelon,
to i Samuel Rosenbluni. Mrs. . and Miss
"Wise will be at home Friday afternoon,
April 11, at 1234 Post street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Isabel Wolf, daughter of Mrs. Annette*
Wolf, to Louis J. Goldman of this city.
Theyfre Engaged.
f:....V the musical fiesta for the ben
efit of the sailors' ' clubhouse. A number
of other benefits are in the course of prep
aration and there will be further oppor
tunities to combine philanthropy with
pleasure. '.'<¦ .-^ii 1
ASTER week has brought no
¦V^CTy'^^ end of gayety to the social
AJjj,^^ world. There have been:sev
y]/^ i eral dances and nearly a score
x^T- — -4 of weddings. The event of the
* week ..has undoubtedly been
Isador Simmons, Sam Orack; Isador
Orack, Milton Hagler : and' Carl Basch.r .- •'.
There was an enjoyable affair given last
Sunday ' afternoon ! and- evening when
Adolph Levy of 366 Fourth avenue cele
brated his eightieth: birthday by a family
gathering. * After, dancing, .singing and
recitations the guests , all .repaired to the
lower part of the house," which was deco
rated with , ferns,-, cypress and . s'milax;
where supper was ; served.' George- Lake
was appointed toastmaster. , After supper
was partaken . of the guests-' again
marched to the upper, parlors, where they*
engaged ; in dancing,* singlng.v recitations,
games and social conversation until a late
hour, when 'they, departed.:; Mr.; Levy was-,
the recipient of many handsome presents.
Among those present were: ; ; Mr. and Mrs. ;
Lambert Hayman and > daughters, Juliet '
and -Beatrice; •Mr.'"and r ;Mrs.'Bamuei: U. :
LeVy . and son, Adrien;- Mrs. I ; Levy, and:
daughters; Justine " and Mr.' and
Mrs. G. Mosbacher and daughters, Jenmo
Minnie and Esther; Mr. and, Mrs. E..Mos
bacher and son/ Edwin; Mr. and Mrs. W.
Wallis and son;' Reginald; Mr. > and Mra.-
G. Lake and son, James; Mr. -and Mrs. S."
Neuberger and 'daughter, Tessie: Mr: and
Mrs. J. Wrage and daughter, Hilda: Mr.
and Mrs. E. UHman-ana daughter, Edna;
Miss Sarah Ury; ; I. -..'Uri arfd /daughter,
Nettie: J. Ury/iMr. Solomon. and Adolph
Levy. ¦ :¦'¦¦ ¦ ''¦*.'•¦¦; ''¦-"'•;. >'¦:.- .-.;"'¦ ¦;.-:.
One of the largest and prettiest post-
Lenten parties Was 'given in the ballroom,
of the Palace Hotel last Tuesday evening
by the Beta Chapter rof - Alpha Kappa
Kappa Medical Fraternity, of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons. This frater
nity is the largest national medical frater
nity, in the United States, and its aim la
to promote -arid maintain the highest
standard of the_ profession.
The conservatory;' and ballroom were
beautifully arranged,' and one hundred
and twenty-five couples thoroughly en
joyed themselves until after 12 o'clock.
Among -those present were:: Dr. and
Mrs. D. A. Hodghead, Dr. and - Mrs.
George Adam; Dr. F. F. Knorp, Dr. E. S.
Howard, Dr. and Mrs. Dow, Dr. G. G.
Reinle, Dr. C. E. Curdts, Dr. Louis Ja
cobs, Dr. R. -Woolsey, Dr. Pohlenke, Dr.
JohmForce; Dr. Calvin Knowles, Dr. H.
M. Simmons, Mr. and Mrs. B. S. Hodg
head, Mr. and Mrs. Abe Leach, Mr. and
Mrs. La Manche,- Mr. and, Mrs. H. P.
Robarts, Mr. and Mrs. Blair; C. C. Sny
der, R. McW. O'Nell, E. B. Anthony, Carl
Wilson, -John Ralph Wilson, E. W.-Sco'.t,
Willard Young, Willard Wadleigh,- Fred
Beemer, Adolph Bronson, George Davis,
S. W. Platt, E. E. Etcheverry, C. E.
Lewis, C. Ploggiman," J. B. Jones, E. A.
Stone. H. F.True, C. A. Wills, J. K. Hur
ley, ,G: L. Sobey, W.' Taylor, Mr. Moody,
Misses Beckmeyer, Judkins, Pippy, Ma
son, Cartwright, Mason, Graetpr. McDon
ald, Hodghead. Dorothy Anderson, Lee.
Mae Crossen, Harrington, Kelley, Yerger,
Geddes, Costigan, Day, Elliot, Von Kapff,
Lubben, Huget, O'Brien, Parry, Brown,
Cook, Marr, Pendleton, Gaibrath and
Carmack. - :'¦:¦¦. • •--
A surprise party was given on March 29
to Mr. and. Mrs. Court Both of 1225 Web
ster street. The hours were spent with
games and dancing until midnight, whan
a supper was served. Among the guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. A. Both, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Both, Mr. and Mrs. Frahm, Mr. and
Mrs. Geniese, Mr. and Mrs. Radbrush, Mr.
and Mrs. Krager, Mr. , and Mrs. Japp,
Mrs. Day, Dietrich Schwornstedt, Herman
Munster, John Siebe, Harry Jarr, Tony
Eberling. Oscar Hueppenden, George Day,
Rudolf Witt, John Both and Mr. Henker.
Club Parties.
The Mollla = Tempora Whist Club met
last Tuesday at the home of Mrs., A. H.
McDonald; 677 Thirty-second street, Oak
land. The first prize was. won by Miss B.
McDonald, and the second prize by Mrs
O. . B. Caldwell. The consolation prize
was given to Miss E. Schwartz. The score
cards were in the shape of a four-leaf
cTover, in the centers of "which were Chir
nese pictures. The ladies present were:
Miss B. - McDonald, Miss D. Debrecht,
Mrs., F. | Monck, Mrs. C. J. Lancaster,
Miss B. Schwartz, ; Miss E. Schwartz,
Mrs. E. Peck. Miss N. Sohst, Miss A.'
Sohst, Mrs. O. B. Caldwell, Miss A.
Schwartz and Mrs. A. H. McDonald. The
club will be entertained next by. Mrs. C.
J; Lancaster of Alameda: . ' : , -
j .University Temple No.. 48, Rathbone Sisr
t*rs,"< of Berkeley gave "u social dance' at
their hall, Pythian Castle, on Berkeley
way and. Shattuck' avenue, Berkeley, on
April 3.. ' ' \ :.
The Country .Club met on Aprill with
Mrs. Lernhart in Centervllle. Owing to
the bad weather only seventeen members
were present. The time was mostly taken
up with amending the by-laws and the
election of officers. M?s. J. E. Thane of
Niles was. re-elected president, Mrs. Helen
Tumor of Conterville vice president, Mr3.
Emma Liddeke of Centervllle secretary,
Mrs. G. Huxley of Centerville was re
elected financial secretary and Mrs. Carrie
Southwick of Niles treasurer— the new of
ficers to take 'their \ seats in September.
Mrs. Runckle of Decoto was elected' a
member of' the club. Mrs.' George Don
ahue, a ylsitor, rendered a vocal solo and
very, kindly. responded to an encore. The
only paper on the lesson was a very in
teresting one on "Poetry," by Mr"
Charles-Evans. -On May 6 the Country
Club will. meet with Miss Meyers in Niles.
' Th0: ; Mystlcs gave a souvenir ball last
Thursday evening at Saratoga Hall. Mu
sic was rendered by Loucher's ' orchestra
Personals.
Randall Percy Phillips . and Howard S.
Smith left San Francisco . last week for
an extended Eastern. trip.
Joseph Olcovich and wife have arrived
from San Salvador and are located- at
2402 Bush street. , :.
Mrs. Leon Luvin will be at home on the
first , and Fridays at her new resi
dence, 2972 Pacific avenue. -. - -, ...
: . Mrs. M. Marks and Miss , Ruby I Marks
of Portland, Or., are. visiting Mrs. S. H.
Goldstein at Miramar Hotel, Leavenworth
and Geary- streets. At home Mondays :?
• Mrs. R. Goodman and Miss Rose Good
man will be : pleased to see their f riendk
President, Mrs. George ¦• Oulton;,;. first vice
vice-president, Mrs.' J. A.'- Cooper: second vice
president; 'Mrs.*, C.' > E.' V Grunsky; : corresponding:
secretaryi : Mrs.r J.">'A. i Lewandowskl ; ; recording
secretary; Mrs. Josephine de Greayer; treasurer,
Mrs.'*F. -P. lWllson;>. literary director. Mrs. iB.
F.'; Norris; ; musical . director, , Mrs. ' J.- 1 M. i Goe-
- The ; charter roll- of ) the- San '¦ Francisco
Browning) Society; was closed ilast'Tues
day. ! The society : is \ purely ' literary ¦ in
character;; and its jpurpose is to ' stimulate
an • interest : in and "appreciation, of ;tho
life and works ;of , fhe poet Browning. - The
officers are as; follows:/;' A ? ..,'
• ;-.'•'• : > ¦, .»
Mr.- and Mrs.I. Magnin and son, Grover
Magnln, '.will-, leave this week; for the
South, s and i will ¦' from -there ¦ make ¦ an ex
tensive ¦• six -months' : trip 'throughout -all
the principal cities .of
. . Earl Shedd of the firm L - of E.: E. Shedd
'& Sons; Columbus,- O., : is in v the city -on'
business.' '¦':<•¦ c., • '.. ' '".' ''•¦''¦'- '¦¦¦£¦'.
I Mr. and Mrs. James. W." Burnham will
leave 'next Saturday, ! Apriri2, for. New
York City, from where they will- sail on
the- steamship .^Menominee,' Aprils ;. 19, for
London. - They "will also visit Switzerland.
Germany,' Italy, France and England* and
will, be'away for, some time." : ¦ ', ; .
Ralph . Rosenthal has. left for New York
on an: extensive business trip.' V-\ : .v ".-
Mr. and Mrs. , George M. Perine have
left to spend the summer at "Invercaple,"
the country home ' of ' Mrs: Perine's sister,
'Mrs. Jennie James' Mackinlay,' in Camp
bell, Santa Clara County.- • n • ¦
1 Miss Stella R. Levy of San Jose, left for
New York last I Sunday., with her cousins,
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Clark Jr.
"•• Mrs.' B. Raphael of 1211 Pacific avenue.
Alameda,; will -discontinue ' her -day, at
home^ for: the persen.t: :'\- .,'..-. . ,
"Mrs. Belle Oppenheimer, ! has just 're
turned : f rom a very ; enjoyable trip of two'
months south. She Is at the , California
Hotel. >: :.:.'. •¦.: V-'.V ;.-> .....
Mr. and! Mrs. George E.. Bennett have
moved from '1703 Bush street and are now
residing at 1327 Fell street. ' ,
San Francisco— Mrs. C. L. Morse, Mrs;
M. Rehflsch, J. v Heyman, Mrs. L. Arn
dure, L. C. Ackerman, L. C. Shingle, D.
E. Martin, W. J.,Fish, Mr. and Mrs. C.
M. Sloss.Mr. and Mrs. M. H.Estery, M.
Schmidt, Miss Olga Friedman, H.-T. WI1
cox, ;' Mrs. J. ' A. Parsons, Mrs. C. ' J.
Nougues, Mrs. E. ¦ H. * Davenport, > Miss
¦Davenport, S. Bissinger, L. ¦ A. Greene
baum, Captain J. H. von Mulldoefer, Mri
and Mrs.' E. T. Hough ton, H. Egbert, Mr.
and Mrs. C. R. Goodrich, Mr. and 1 . Mrs.
W. S. Cowles, Mrs. A. Flieshhacker. Mor
timer Fleishhacker, Herbert Fleishhack
er, H. Zady, Mr. and Mrs. E.. Woodward,
Mrs. E. E. Hecht, Mrs. Henry Dunham,
Mr. and . Mrs. \V. Kaufman, Joel Kauf
man, T. D. , Williams, > Mr. and ¦ Mrs.
Thomas Magee, F. G- Waterhouse, Sid
ney S. Ackerman, Mis.s Mamie Polhemus,
R. E. Houghton, W. S. Porter, M. D.; Dr.
«nd Mrs. E. Sill, Oakland; M.* Harris, Chi
cago; Miss Gladys Howard/Yokohama;
Miss C. Nesmith, Mrs. F. T.. Nesmith,
Brooklyn, • N. Y. ; Mr. and Mrs. H. Bab
cock, Englewood. N. J. ; Mr. and Mrs. J.
M. Dent, St.: Louis Mo.;. Mrs.' J. H. Wil
son, Miss : A. V. Wilson, • Newark, N. J. ;
Mr.- and Mrs. B.. Bonny, Sausalito; Mr.
and Mrs. - Thomas Flint, San Juan; D.
Lenty," Mrs. R. :¦ M. Korner, Mrs. S. A.'
McDonald, Cleveland, O. t Mr. and- Mrs.
8: Hoffman, Miss Alice ¦ Hoffman, San
Rafael. ¦• ¦:¦_.. ¦"'-;-. ¦:•'•. ¦'.'- ¦¦ ;¦¦ .; ,. ¦;,
on the first arid second Friday at 2972 Pa
cific avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. "Brown and son; who
have have been visiting Mr. and Mrs. I.
Lowenberg, in ; San Francisco, have re
turned to ; Los Angeles. , - • ' .
Mrs. -L. H. Clement^has gone. East to
spend the summer. She will return about
November 1 with her daughter. Miss
Clement, who has been East for the last
year visiting and painting.
- Miss Pauline Sweeny of 985, Peralta
Btreet, Oakland,, has returned from Spo
kane, .Wash., where she has been visiting
her brothers for. the last three months.
Arrivals during the last week at Hotel
Rafael: : : • ,
' BAKERSFIELD.x'Aprll 6.— A. freight train
was wrecked two miles 'west of Fernafldo this
morning, due to the breaking" of a car wheel.
Seven'cars laden with sugar were ditched, r'-
: President Sbarboro has called a meeting:
of the Promotion Committee of San'FTan
cisco.'io";be/- held^Jn .'the rooms ;of
Chamber^ of : Commerce . next "Wednesday
afternoon . at 3 o'clock: A circular letter;
has been - sent<~*out ' ;by 'Secretary T. ;'C.
Frisdlander ridtifylfis -;*those ' who ;- have
been selected. to serve on the finance com
mitteo of their appointment.,, .;
Promotion Committee Is Notified.
The cases, of \ Charles Ward;, charged
with killing .the : big- elk In Golden, 1 Gate
Parkon February 22, and Antpne Fodera.
poultry dealer, : charged .with having .< the
dead elk In his possession, were called in
Judge Cabanlss'. court yesterday. .Attor
ney Partridge [ for the " . defendants : said
nothing, about his motion for a change of
venue and the 'cases were continued till
next Saturday, to be set for trial,';. ,_'_''_
Killingof the Big Elk.'
Judge Cook has taken a vacation for a
few days, as there are no cases on .his
calendar requiring immediate attention.
During his absence from the city Judge
Murasky will act as Presiding Judge.
Presiding Judge Pro Tern.
M. Rawllnson. holder of an- assigned
claim against "W.-H. Leahy for $637 5©. nl
leged to be due as broker's commission
on the sale of property, brought a suit
against Leahy yesterday for that amount.
Sues for Commission.
¦Tickets will be on sale In the sacristy
of St.'.Patrlck's Church on Monday, Tues
day and "Wednesday, of next week. ,
A.-F. Schletcher, stage manager: ' Curt C
Davis, musical director; Miss \ Mary Short, ac
companist; Miss Etta Welch, Patience; Miss
Genevleve Sullivan. Lady Jane; Miss Lilian
Byrnes. Angela; Miss Frances- Hausmann,
Ella; Miss Margaret Anthony. Saphlr; A. F.
Schlelcher, Mr. Bunthorne: James C. O'Don
nell, Archibald: John H. O'Brien, Duke: Roy
B. Kay. Colonal ;- Eugene .Bournlzeau, Major;
William Ogllvie, Solicitor: chorus — Misses Mary
Anthony, Ethel Brown, Catherine . Blake, Ella.
Barry, Libbie Brooks,- Susan Brooks, I Ella 'Can
ding. Eva Canning, Kate Cusack, Gertie Cro
nln. Cella Feeney. . Lizzie Fuller, Kate Fuller,
Mary Fitzgerald. Agatha Glover. Mollle Glover,
Mary Hegerty. May Lyne; Kate McGulre.' Lil
lian-Nunan,-Frederlca Reid, Kate Robinson,'
Loretta Smith, Elenor Sheehy. Nonle Sullivan,
Nellie Tehaney • and; Louise. Wiskotschlll.
Messrs. ' James Butler, James Casey, Dennis
Casey. •. Maurice Corridan, .William Cox. John
Doherty, Michael .Donnigan, Thomas Fay; John
GrUfln, Walter Hancock,- • Ignatius Kern
Thomas ' Leach, Jamea McBrearty, John
O'Brien; ' James ¦ O'Brien, Thomas O'Brien.
Georgo ¦ Shields, . Harry Smith and James
Smith. . ' •- - .
The stage "manager will be A. F. Sleich
er; musical 1 director, Curt C. Da-vis, and
Miss Mary Short, accompanist. The cast
is as follows: •¦ " -. ' ¦¦ s
St. • Patrick's Choral Society will give
Gilbert and Sullivan's operetta "Patience"
at^ Native Sons* Hail Wednesday and
Thursday evenings. April D and 10. j The
operetta. is given to defray the expenses
of the new pastoral residence, which is to
be built shortly with the proceeds of the
sale of the old one and the money re
ceived from ¦ the production , of the oper
etta "Patience." •
formances at Native Sons'
' Hall This Week.
Young People Will Give Two Per-
COMIC OPEBA.IN AID • ?v?
OF PASTORAL RESIDENCE
One of the features of the convention
will be an address by C. D. Melgs, as
sociate editor of the International Evangel
of St. Louis. He is reported to be an able
speaker.
Among the prominent speakers will be
I. N. Halllday, who has had experience
as the general secretary of the Maine
State association and as superintendent
of the first Congregational Sunday school
of Oakland. He will be one of the-con
ductors ~bf the conference of Sunday
school superintendents. There will be a
meeting for the primary workers who will
have . the. pleasure of listening to an ad
dress by Rev. F. M. Dowling of Ala
meda.
Considerable Interest Is being manifest
ed In the State convention of Sunday
school workers which Is to be held in this
city April 29. 30 and May L Many promi
nent Instructors have been, secured to
conduct the conference and to address the
convention on the methods of accomplish
ing the best results.
in .This City.
Instructors in Beligion Preparing for
r. Large Assemblage of Workers .
WILL HOLD SUNDAY
SCHOOL CONVENTION
wey; social director, Mme. F. Pflngst; honorary
member. Miss Very. . -
- Charter members — Mrs. B. F. Norris. Mrs.
J. M. Goewey. Mrs. Ralph C. Harrison, Mrs,
J. H. Boalt, Mrs. J. F. Merrill. Miss Edith Llv
ermore, Mrs. George Oulton, Mrs. J. A: Cooper;
Mme. F. Pnngrst. - Mrs. J. A. Lewandowskl,
Mrs. F. P." Wilson, Mrs. T. M. Osrhont, Miss
A. R. Osmont, Miss M. T Cluness. Mrs. C. E.
Grunsky, Mrs. . A." Houston, I Mrs. '¦ Josephine de
Greayer. Miss J. L. Powers. Miss I*. Klmber.
Miss E. Bender, Miss M. R, Jacks, Miss K. C.
Epauldlns, Miss C. Huntlngton.
The society : meets on Friday morning?
at 10:30 o'clock.
Society Events
THE vSANnFTMNC^
33
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all "otber facial blemishes are removed br
DR. and MRS. * A. W.\ TRAVERSE, Donohoe
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, - with ' the electric needle without pain or
scar: permanency guaranteed : hours 1 to 4 p. m.
Brahman Toilet Cream
CURES ECZEMA, POISON OAK : AND
DRUFF. Sold ; by J. S. Potts Drug Co., 1016
Market street,, and other druggists;. also at of-
fice of Dr. A. W. Traverse, 1170 Market street.
HEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
VASELINE NO GOOD FOB HAIR.
Dandruff Germ Thrives In It, as Well
as in All Grease.
A well-known Chicago hair specialist in-
vited the Inter Ocean reporter, to come to
his office and see, under . a microscope,
how the germ that causes dandruff
thrives in vaseline. The specialist said
that all hair preparations containing
grease simply furnish food for the germs
and hr!p to propagate them. The only,
way to cure dandruff is to destroy the
germs, and the only hair preparation that
will do that is Newbro's Herpicide. "De-
Ftroy the cause, you remove the effect."
Without dandruff no falling hair, no bald-
ness. Ask for Herpicide. It Is, the only
destroyer pf the dandruff germ.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISONS
Has brought, back the beauty and luxuri-
ance of- youthful, healthy hair to .thou-,
sands. v lt stimulates the hair roots into
taklng;'up their, duty of giving life and
color to the hair. -Is not a dye.- Does not
soil - hands. ,. .'•'.' ¦ V [ . .;¦¦ -'¦¦'.'¦".'
'¦ : $1 a bottle at all druggists. - '
One fippllcatloo Free to All Purchasers at
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
'/r'-r;' : . Makes Facial Beauty
Possible ' to the ¦ plainest-featured lady.
Wrinkles and a "dry, -faded skin— all: the.
marks of, care, worry and Illness— speedily
replaced byi a clear; rosy complexion! .; 75c
a:Jar. :,;'. . : -. V. ¦ ¦ v., Vr-
: 'pPFF''C trlal P ot of the Cream Free'
r , "V *-**-' r to ladies sending this ad and
10c In stamps, fllso book/, of Instructions
and a bax of my Face Powder FREE- •
But °^ KbVe! Superfluous Hair
THE: ELECTRIC 'NEEDLE .
In Skillful Hands,' as Operated at My Dcr-
:¦•/ \-.' ;t 'rriat6loglc3l Parlors. J ' ¦ '
Warts. Freckles.'J Moles, Pimples an( j a n
Facial -Blemishes ! ' scientifically;: treated
and ' permanently corrected ' under my
personal supervision at my parlors. . ;
Mrs. N ETTJIE:- HARRISON
: : ¦; DERMATOLOGISTjv
78 Ceary. St. , San Francisco.
, ¦ NEWMAN . - & IiEVINSON. -L^~^s.~-J _,-.- l .-.-;w
T^he Season's Greatest Silk Salie
Regular $r00, $1.25 andj $1.50 Silks at 70c a yard
A'SilkSale of great magnitude begins Kere to-morrow, comprfeing'thousands of yards of the
pioi^s^fjH)gr^G|a"d^n^^ii?iiew§ciH|^g^d« just purchased from a leading manufacturer at
muchless than market value— Never we shown the assortment that is here now
forybur choosing /..•'y•'^^:;\^V^?.•^i> : ;*>'¦;•¦v^ ; •^^v^^> ' ; u ':?•
'¦'¦¦ Nota-yard in the , entire offering worth less
: : v J than $I.66^many :wortK $^5, and some $1.50
Fancy Striped Louisines ,[. : • ¦'¦•'¦'. -White forded Silks ¦ : • Satin Striped -Shadow Silks
Fancy Striped 'Taffetas^ ' " Colored Corded Silks ... ' Black and. White Taffetas
Rich. Novelty Silks , Jasper Corded; Silks • Solid Color Satin Armures
in trie chbicest of colors and greatest iarige of effects— You will see: among them more silks
you wish you could have, thaivyou ever saw before— All of. which we are offering at
Sale Price 70c : per yard ,«&>
Notable Values in Corsets
Great care is exercised by us in the sale of Corsets, for we realize how important they are
in the matter of comfort and proper fit of dress. Ladies who come here for their Corsets have
the satisfaction of knowing that they get the best in the world. In our windows we are showing one
of the most attractive Corset displays seen in San Francisco in many days — We supplement this
exhibition by the following exceptional values : /: '^ r :
J." B. Girdle Straight Front Corsets, made of sateen,' P. D. Straight Front Empire Corsets, made, of black
with lace top, in white, pink, blue and black, at.. 51.00 and white brocaded sateen, with pink and blue figures;
- v lowbust,at ..; $2.50
. J. B. Straight Front .Corsets, made of ¦ batiste, with, j. b. Straight Front Corsets, made of fancy brocaded
hose supporter tab, lace tnmfned top, in pink, blue, white, sateen . i ow bust, lace trimmed, in black, pink and
black and gray, at $1.25 b lue, at $3.00
J. B. Bias Gored Straijrht Front Corsets, made of black p -. D - Straight Front Corsets, roilitarv effect, with
and white coutille, with low bust, at ............ $1 .50 special long habit hip, at .... Black $4.50, White $3.5 O
. » r,- /- '' j '¦"c'j. '¦¦ il^ r- ; ,r ¦ i. j- '", Donita Ribbon Girdle Corsets' made of heavy satin
J. B Bias Gored Straight Front Corsets, medium low. ribbon and genuine whalebone, in pink, Mue, white
bust, lace trimmed, in black, white and gray, at.. 12.00 and black ,. 55-00
Sale of Bed Pillows
Feather Bed Pillows, guaranteed perfectly Best QuaiityBed Pillows; feathers with no
odorless; 'size 21 x 27; weight 3^ lbs; (t>i nn quills, no dust, no odor; size 20x27; q>| OCT
best ticking covered, each.................. Cpl.Uy weight 3 lbs, each.. Cpl.zO
Important Towel Offers
Extra Heavy Huckaback Towels, a good Hemstitched Huckaback Toweis, in fine
. serviceable article for hotel or family use, 1Qj/» damask designs, with red, blue and white r\j-
size 18x36, special each, at ................. 1^2"C borders, regular 35c each, now.....
All Linen Huckaback Towels, a superior; qa White Turkish. Bath Towels, hemmed, or
quaiity and extra large size, at..........l!...I size 24x50, regular 35c quality, at... -iOC
Leather Suit Gases
A large shipment of new Suit Cases,have;>ust arrived and to-morrow we shall offer : 1
Leather Suit Cases, linen canvas lined -with- .VSble Leather Suit Cases, with straps or solid,
shirt pocket — for size ¦. brass catches, linen lined with shirt flap :
22 in. .24 in. 26in. ,16 ' 18 ! 22 24 26.
'?5.2.5 $5.25 J6.50 $7750
."¦v Leather Suit Cases, ; walrus finish; ,has_ shirt Sole Leather- Suit Cases, leather lined; shirt
flap; linedthroughout \vith linen; for size - ; : ; ; flap.in coverj'brass lock and catches— for size
16. 18 '22 ¦ 24 ' 26 22 in. 24 in. 26 in.
$3.75 ¦¦..: ; : $5.00 $s.so r 1*6.00 18.25 $8^5 . 19.25
• • A large assortment of Traveling: Bags" in, air shapes, consisting of Alligator Leather, English
Grain, Pig Skin, Hippopotamus, ; Texas Steer and Sole Leather^T-at lowest possible prices.
. I Kearny andSutterSts. ,',¦.':'.'''"'¦": , :
\±&> !
¦ Makes Skins Lighter, Clearer. Purer.
I AlrtlDOTES BLEMISHES; \
9 The clear, flrtn complexion of youth
¦ B Is "coaxed back" by Anita Cream.
H Applied' it Bisht and removed in
g tne morning, thus Imparting the full
M benefits of its medicinal nature. Re-
B moves Tan. Freckles. Mnddlness.
H Pimples, Moth .and Liver -Spots.
M Directions with eacb Jar. 50c at
-B druggists or of U3. prepaid. '
I ANITA CREAM & TOILET C0MPAW
H , Iios Angeles, CaL *
. ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ _ _ : ;V;"-?
Miss Gertrude Williams, Chaplain of
Woman's Christian Association of
Detroit, and Two Other Women,
Tell How Lydia E, Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
Cures Periodic Suffering.
While no woman is entirely free f rom periodical suffering 1 , it does not seem
to have been the plan of nature that woman should suffer so severely. iLy dia
E. Pirikliam's Vegetable Compound is the most thorough female regn-
lator known to medical science. It relieves the condition which produces so
much discomfort and robs menstruation of its terrors. . • " _ ; ¦>
£¦ 'T'/ffff r ffift'^'-' : -^
MISS "GERTRUDE "WILLIAMS.
"Dz&bMbs. PtemTAar: — and dear friend, for such your medicine
has proved to me; in need is a friend indeed.' For several
years I suffered from Menorxhagia, or profuse and painful menstruation,
until my vitality \tols "well nigh gone, and as a last resort I took six
bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and was re-
stored to health,* to the surprise of my friends, and I now sing its
praises. Gratefullv yours, Miss Gebtbude "WiixiAats, 75 Columbia St-
West Detroit, Mich."
Two More Sufferers r Relieved. x
"Dtuti Mes. PrsnaoAM: — I -had > ** Dsas Mrs. Pdtkham : — I -write
'been a sufferer of suppression of the to let you know how thankful I
menses from girlhood, always appear- feel toward you and your remedies.
ing- after time and causing great pain Words cannot express the benefit I
compelling me to keep my bed. I have received from JLydia E. Pink-
tried a number of doctors but -without ham's Vegetable Compound. I
relief. Having read so many testi- had been troubled with my periods
monies about the good X/ydia E. being very irregular 'and painful, also
Pinkham's Vegetable Com- Buffered with my back and kidneys,
pound had done, I decided to try it. but now I feel like a new woman. I
After using* only one bottle I felt cheerfully recommend your remedies'
much, better. I continued its use and to ' any one suffering as I was.'" —
the health and strength that I have Mes. J ames Cox, 528 Washington} St.,
to-day T l £&£l~:X' owe .to you." — JIbs. Camden, N.J. '• * ", .'.-'
Chas. B. Gjxz, 1013 Winter St., Phil- ;/ •./,.
adelphia. Pa, , ./:•_' '¦-= .•*.. _•¦•- ¦¦ ¦ | .• : *;__ ;.'."-,-"--'¦—'-"¦-•• •>>~- '¦-..-•-"-'"— ~ ------
Women "who are troubled "with painful or- irregular ; menstruation^ 1
backache, bloating (or flatulence), leucorrhosa, falling, inflammation or
nloeration'of the uterus, ovarian troubles, that "bearing-down-" feeling,
riizzinftssj faiiitness, indigestion, nervous prostration or ttie Tallies, should
take immediate action to ward off the serious consequences, and be
restored to perfect health and strength by taking I/ydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, and then write to Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass,
for further free advice. Thousands have been cured by so doing.
$PAAA REWARD. — We hare deposited with the National CHy Bank of Lynn, $5000,
Lll I which trill be paid to any person -who can find that the a bore testimonial letters
I *""* not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
UVVJU miaaioa. 3Lydl«> 3. Plnlcfanm Medicine Co., I.ynn, Maaa.RESULTS OP SATURDAY'S RACES AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE CALL'S RACING FROM CHART
OAKLAND BACETRACK— Saturday .April cloudy. Track good.
3S51. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; to first, ~ $325." -~~ — ~
Index Horse and Weieht.jSt. >4. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
S523 IE. M. Brattain... 114 2 1 >4 2 4 2 1»C 1 2 W. L. SUnfleld.. Jackson 4-5 9-10
3470 |Golden Cottage. ..117 S 2 % 1 h 1 h 2 % C. J. Foy: ;..L. Daly 3 11.2
S226 Dandy 117 1 3n 3h 3 ,1 ns Montana Stable..,. Hoar 10 15
3157 Matin Bell 112 (i 6 2 43 4^4^ Chinn & Forsyth..Conley 30 30
ST.50 Quadra '. 117 3 5n 5n 51 64 Curl & Co Ransch 5 9-2
S541 Torso Maid 112 4 4J44 « '.4 «1 «5 J. Weber Troxler « 12
S511 Cathello 112 8 S3 81 717 2 Clayton & Co...... Flick 30 100
3541 Swiftilght 112 775 7282 85 E. M. James. ...Frawley «0 100
g*22 Yellowstone 117 » » » '9 9 W. P. Fine ..Stuart 12 -60
Time— To ',4. :22: to '». :46; last %. 1:02; short %. 1:12. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner. W. L. Stanfield's gr. g. by Oaptive-Leora. Golden Cottage was In front a
furlon? from the stand, but faltered the last part. Dandy ran a lair race. Torso 'Maid no
speed.
S5S2. SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; two -year- olds; to first. $325.
Ir.dc* Horse and .Weleht. St. %. %.. Str.. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? "ciV
<STi2S):Honiton ...105 1 ... 1 1% 11% ,1 1 W. Macdonough..Jackson * 2 11-5
(ST.IC) | Alsono 105 3 ... 3 1^.14 2 2% Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 1-2 3-5
2482 Deutschland 10S 4 ... 2 3 2 »i 3 8. B. Schreiber Troxler 6 7
S528 Dick Roberts 1O«; 3 ... 41JJ41 41 S. McXaughton...Tullett 100 300
2J87 Clarinette 107 2 ... 5 5 52 5 3 H. J. Jones Prior ¦ 60 200
'^Z22 Josie Wheeler 100 6 ... C 6 . «'• : E. 1. Wheeler Dyer .100 600
jGorgalote IOO Left - JL; JTheo. Winters. . .Hughes ICO 600
Time — Vi. :24; 3 ,-i, :4S. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, W. O'B. Macdonough's
br. f. by Ormonde-Libbertlflibbet. Ransch on Alsono lay too far out of It the first part.
Deutechland ran a good race. Winner is a cracking good filly. Scratched— Brummel 103,
Gold Van 103, Horatius 1O3.. : - ,\ . -
3553. THIRD RACE — Six and a half furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse, Aee. Weight. jSt. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? I?!.
S50S Diomed, 6 116 3 In 1 13 1 1'4 Brown & Co..'. ..Troxler 7 7
ST>12 Diderot. 4 113 4 3 >4 3 1 2 2 2 1 J. P. Atkln., Conlev 8 15
CitSO) Dr. Boyle. 5. .....116 1 4 1 4 h 3 1»J 8 S |J. C. Nealon.... Ransch 4-5 9-10
S527 Mike Kice, a 116 5 2 l'i 2 =4 0 5 4 JJ T. McLaugblin. .Bozemn 15 20»)
S537 Isallne. 6 ...114 2 5 % 6 >» 4 1 5 8 C. Llnd.... Jackson 5-2 5-*»
3289 Bab, 4 Ill 7 7 7 .03 C >& William Cahill Hoar 15 50
S»9 iBelarlo. 4 103 1 6 6 6 647 7 Mrs. Per8lco.....Perslco 100 300
Time— %. :24%: H. :4fl; - %. 1:14%; 6»4r. l:2iy». Good start. Won easily Second and
third driving. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s ch. g. by Red Iron-Lily Wright. Diomed had
all the luck. Ransch took Dr. Boyle back at the start, after which he got hopelessly pock
eted. Diderot improving. Mike Rice had speed. Too much weight on Isallne Scratched
3554. FOURTH RACE — Two miles; Waterhourc handicap; 3-year-olds & up; to first. $1025
Index Horse. Age, Weight.' St. lm. l^m. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. *C1.
S3OS JNouea. « 115 2 Til 2 »i 1 H 1 1!4 P. Ryan Ransch "~4^ Ti
(."•446) Siddons. 4 10S 5 5 3 132 2 n T. H. Stevens. ..Jackson 3 fi
< 3500) Frangible, 8 105 1 2 1% 1 h 2 1^ 3 5 F. D. Boas Knapp 8 8
S.VW Lltzella, a 105 S In 41 43 41 J. Weber Troxler K 13-2
"524 JRlo Shannon. 5.. 102 4 3 »4 6 . 8 6 ' J. Coffey Fauntleroy 10 12
Time— Mile. 1:45; l^m, 2:10; 114m. 2:36; l«im. 3:02; 2m, 3:28. Good start. Won under a
pull. Second and third driving. Winner. P. Ryan's b. g. by Sir Dlxon-Amy Davenport
Nones outclassed his field. Jackson on Fidflon^ outflnished little Knapp. Llrzella'and nio
Shannon quit. Scratched — Obia IOO, Plan 95, Marshal Nell »5. - . . • ;
S555. FIFTH RACE — 1 1-16 mlle«; Falrmount handicap; 3-year-old* and up; to first, $400.
Index Horse, A^e. Weight. St. %. Vx- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. - Op. "ci.
(S516) Com. Forrter. 3.. 101(5 3 % 11 1 J .s Ins J. F. Schorr.... L. Daly is ]B
<3.V») Antolee. 4 105 4 11 2h 2 n 2n D. A. Honig.... Troxler 6-6 11-10
<3T?4) MacGyle. 5 102 I 6 5n Ih 32 Elmwood Farm., .Ransch • 4 -• 8
i>fSl The Fretter 6... IOO 3 ¦ ' 4 n 4 2 3 lx 4 S F. J. O'Rourke. .Jackson 6 s
<f«G<J) Position 6 114 6 R h 6 6 C5 D. S. Fountain .... Hoar 3 a
?M0 JMlias. 3 02 2 2 % 3 h 5 Vt 6 Jennings & Co..Winslet 12 15
Time— V*. :25; Vt, :43%; %, Uli; m. l:*0%: 1 1-lCm, 1:47%. Good «Urt. Won flret~th7e«
, driving. Winner, J. F. Schorr's ch. c. by Llnden-Peninah. Antolee should have won
Troxler got pocketed and could not get out until well Into the stretch. MacGyle also
had a rough trip. Position ran a poor race.^ Mlla»_ not up to much. ¦/- \-
S55U. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; celling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index iHorse. Age. Weight.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. ] Owner and Jockey. Ov? mi C l i.
(34SS) Tower Candles. 4.106 R 3 3 2 3 1 13 Caesar Toung. ..Jackson 1 1
(3544) John Peters. 3. ..104 4 1 Vt 1 \Vs 1 2 2 1^ J. F. Schorr Ran*ch 8-5 3-2
3525 Kitty Kelly, 5... .109 1 2 1»4 2 1% 2 1>4 3 3 W. L. Stanfleld.. Troxler 15 A
(3.12.-5) Evander. 3 102 2 4 Vi 4 2 4 >4 * 1 J. Conway .... Hoar 7 15
X53S Hedwald, 5 Ill 6 .05 5 ! % 5 1 6 2 Jennings & Co.. L. Daly 8 «
S4V». Mi^rion, 5 ill 3 0% 625 050 6 100 James Wilson ......See CO 200
3108 JRainler, a Ill 7 7 7 7 7 James Andrews. .Perslco -200 1000
Tim* — V*. :24H: Vt. ¦*9; %. 1:13%. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner. Caesar Young's b. xn. by Candlemas- Duchess of Towera. Peters bsrked when coll
lftred. Kitty Kelly had speed. Redwald only Joking. Scratched— Alfred C 114 Bernota
1CS, Ben L*dl 100. Jerid 1U, Impromptu 111. . . ¦' oernol »
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Intrusive won,'
Himself second, Fonaoluca third. , Time,
Fifth race, mile - and forty yards — Lamp o 1
Lee won. Handicapper second, Bel'.e of Mil ford
third. Time, 1:48. ' •
... Third race, hunters'-. steeplechase, about two
end a half miles— Headland won. 'Champion
second. Montrlp. third. Time,. 3:80 U\
'Fourth race, handicap, steeplechase, about
two and a half mijes — George W. Jenkins won.
Silent rriend second, Pecamarcn third. Time.
5::rr 2-s. - 'j.an' «»taU»«¥ ¦*»«:¦- •¦¦ -.-• ¦
Second race, half a mile — Mexlcana wo'n;
Red Knight aecond, . Tribe* man third. Time,
:60 4-6. , ¦ ¦', -
. First- race, five and a half furlongs — Melster-
Elnger won. . Early Eve second, Apple Jack
third. Time. 1:11. •...¦,„•*:.-( ., • '
Seventh race, five and a, half furlonjrs — Bard
of Avon wen. Automatic second, Sir Christo
pher third. .Time, l:0ft>4.
WASHINGTON*. April 6.— Bennlngs sum
mary: < -JtBMflfeMl SJHMBWI
Sixth race, st«eplechaae, full course — Henry
Gibbs won, Dick Furber second, Daryl third
Time, 4:59.
' First race, five and a half furlongs, gelling: —
Assessment won. Small Jack second. The
Bronze Demon third. Time, 1:10.
Second race, six furlongs — Ice Kingr won.
Vassal Dance second, Blue Mint third. Time,
Third race, mile and seventy yards, purse —
Flora Pomona won,. Terra Firma second, Lu
c!en Appleby third. Time, 1:48%.
Fourth race, Ardella Stakes, $1000 added,
four f urlonrrs — Judith Campbell won, Navasota
second. Princess Tulane third. Time, :49%.
Fifth race — Declared off. - . -r •
MEMPHIS, April 5. — Montgomery Park gum
mary: - • . ; _¦ • . ...
Racing on Eastern Tracks.
The last race of the day, at six fur
longs, looked a two-horse affair, and such
it proved. Tower of Candles closed fa
vorite, and though John Peters beat
Caesar Young's mare away from the bar
rier she outfooted him in the run to the
wire, winning by three lengths in 1:13%.'
The show fell to Kitty Kelly, a 25 to 1
chance.
Just a nose separated.. Commissioner
Forster and Antolee, the favorite, at the
close of the mile and a sixteenth handi
cap, while MacGyle was third, only ' a
neck further away. The winner had Larry
Daly on his back and cut out nearly all
the running with his 101 pounds to should
er. Troxler astride Antolee, would un
doubtedly have been returned first had he
not been pocketed all around the far
turn. The mare could not get clear sail
ing until' about three-sixteenths from the
wire, when she closed lost ground like a
streak of lightning. Position was outfoot
ed completely. ¦
racing luck, finishing third. Diomed, a 7
to I chance, ridden by Troxler, jumped
away in the lead and was never headed.
Diderot, another outsider, took place hon
ors.
In the etx and ft hftlf fnriongr selling
jaunt the favorite, Dr. Boyle, had poor
Honlton, the fast daughter of Ormonde,
defeated Alsono ' j for 'the two-year-old
daj.li, covering the four furlongs in 45 sec
onds. The last named colt went to the
post cncddi*-on favorl'.e and should have
won. lUinsch,:* however, 'allowed Jackson
to get too far in front with H^nifoti. and
fell r hort at the wire by a length. Deutch
land, showed to splendid advantage, run
ning a cood third.
Mike- !>&!>• started a warm, one In tha
opening sprint in Golden Cottage, and It
Just fell short of landing by a half-length.
The erood thing raced out in front with
the favorite, E. M. Brattain, and once in
the Btrctc> looked to have the race won.'
At the paddock Cottage began backing
up, loelne In a hard drive. ' Dandy was
third. * ¦¦¦¦ -.-.-<;, ¦::¦:< • ',.•:.! -\
From the start the sport was far above
the average, the termination of the differ
ent events being emphasized by sharp and
exciting finishes. Honlton, Diomed and
Commissioner Forster got home at remu
nerative odds, with favoritei first In the
other races run. Jackson carried oft the
honors by riding three winners.
ppypo HERE never was any doubt exist
11 ing as to the ultimate winner of
I the Waterhouse handicap at Oak-
H land yesterday from the time the
barrier was released. The dis
tance vat two .miles, and Nones, carrying
top weight, 115 pounds, and a 4 to 5 favor
ite, captured the $2500 prize for Owner T.
Ryan es easily as snuffing a candle. Sid
dons, the game but hopelessly outclassed
winner of the Thornton four-mile stake,
was second. Frangible, with "Bill" Knapp
up, ran third. Distance events appear to
tickle the public's fancy,' and the fine
•weather attracted a large crowd to see
the event decided. Nones, with J. Ransch
vp, was extensively backed, and the price
looked a good one, but bo were Siddons,
Frangible, Lizzella and Rio Shannon, the
letter's odds dropping from 20 to 12. The
race was a pretty one, with little attempt
at loafing. The first mile and a quarter
was covered in 2:10, with Lizzella and
Frangible the pacemakers. Then Ransch
let Nones down, and turning off the mile
s.cd a half in 2:36, only galloping, had his
field groggy. The favorite passed the wire
first Just nodding In 3:28, within two sec
onds of the California record, made by
Judge Denny. Behind him Lee Jackson,
after a liberal application of heels and
whip on Siddons for fully a mile, outfln
ished Kna-pp, taking the place. Lizzella
and Rio Shannon were not dangerous fac
tors after a mile had been reeled off. The
race was worth $1925 to. the winner.
: ' BAN * JOSE. April , ; 5.--A bathhouse is to be
erected ; at ; the Hotel : Vendomo at . a . cost ' of
$10,000. It 1 will ' be up-to-date In all ; particu
lars. :Work will be commenced soon. : ¦,¦ • ••¦;
'NEW. "YORK, April; 5.— The : following
Calif orniansr- have- arrived: ; San^Fran
cisco— M. Bauer, » at ¦• the Herald / Square ;
P. Henrlch, at .' the : Union. *. Square '; ; C. s A.'
Westonberg, at ¦ the ' St.' Denis; S.'j Wolf
and vlt e, at the Broadway Central ; i Mrs."
Alvord, Miss B. Kenney,';- at the : Manhat
tan; y?.'. E. Lester,'; at the ' Savoy; i, C. ¦ Zel
naer, at the Continental. . 1 '. /¦'.
Calif ornians in New York.
- Louis e Giovanni, eight years, 're
siding .with his pafents" at 4 Hengle place,
was drowned yesterday ,'aftemoon-.off -the
Lombard T street .wharf .'J; His , body, was ; re
covered 'about ;. two • hours ; after . the acci
dent by '. Robert Murdock of ; 1329 ] Sansome
street. - Giovanni was Jv playing. r on the
wharf with \ his . brother .1 Emile, and ' whll©
tossing cocks' into the water lost his foot-
Ing and 'fell. ' :
Boy. Drowned in the Bay.
The Family Club, a social organization,
rn ainly composed of those engaged about
the Hall, of Justice, dedicated 'Its {new
headquarters at ¦ 517 i Montgomery "street
last night. A very enjoyable evening was
spent.' Lieutenant of Police. John B.^ Mar
tin, .who is a member of; the; club;? caused
first .eonuternation: and then ".merriment
by sending; a patrol wagon and four police
officers to carry off the quick- or. the dead;
Open Hew Headquarters.
', LONDON, April 5.— Foxhall Keene, who
was thrown from his hora© while: riding
with the Quorn hounds near Melton Mow
bray 'yesterday, was not . Injured ; except
from the shock, which caused him- to re
main unconscious for , a ? long 1 time. . : He
Is making good progress toward recovery;
Foxhall Keene" Will; Recover.
The eeveral Scottish societies of this
city, mourn Ithe loss, of James F. Stuart,
who was well known as a writer, under
the name*: of. "Gordie.. Benhenin," .. his
death having occurred last 'Thursday.
Stuart was born in Glasgow/.' Scotland,"
eighty-one ! . years . ago. Some ; time" after
his : arrival^ in : this city in the '• early days
he aided in ' the; organization -of the -St.
Andrew's Society, was elected Its first
president in 1863 and was re-elected the fcl
lowlng year.' He took a great interest Sn
all of v the , Scotch 'j societies " here and ? on
every, public; occasion his poetic 'genius
evolved .a- pretty ~ poem.': His . personal
qualities <: gained > him. many.' friends :• and
his ready- flow of language, particularly
; on" Scotch! topics, gained for him.admira
tion as a speaker., His funeral i will', tako
place to-morrow under the auspices of the
St.' Andrew's Society. • '
Death of James F. Stuart.
v^NEW YORK, April 5.— William C. Whit
ney has engaged the services of Jockey
Cochran to ride for him An England this
season. . . According ¦ to the contract . Coch
ran is to receive $10,000 for the racing sea
son. ' Cochran, 1 who has beenonoof the
crack riders of this country for several
i years, will ride: for Whitney abroad un
der orders of Trainer. Hugglns. He sails
for England on April 12.
Cochran to . Wear Whitney's Colors.
BERKELEY, April 5.— C. E. Gllbert.^a
South : Berkeley, young man, who" was ar
rested , recently for battery, on ; a China
man, had! his case dismissed this morning
by Justice Edgar.. It appears that Gilbert,'
after arrest, accidentally shot himself and
Is now In . a precarious condition In i the
Receiving; Hospital; in Oakland. For thia
reason the case against him was, dropped.
Has Compassion on Man.
OAKLAND, April 5.— Lily Gregoire,
aged 7 years, fell into a box of quicklime
while playing about a new building near
her home, at 668 Ninth street, last night,
She .was severely burned on the neck and
face; and. for a time the loss of hereye-
Bigt was feared. Dr. W. W.Kergan was
called: In, to, treat- the child, .and to-day
she is Improved. ' . , - ; . .
Quicklime Burns a Child.
CHARLESTON, April 5.— J. C. Jaudon,
representing the Southern Athletic Club,
which has bid for the , Fltzslmmons-Jef
fries '-. flght, returned to-day from New
York. Concerning Jeffries', demand that
the forfeit be Increased ¦ from $5000 - to
$10,000 and to cover th© assurance of pull
ing oft the contest Jaudon said he would
at once consult his attorney- and secure
from the State authorities a statement of
their attitude toward the proposed flght.
If assured there would be no interference
he will meet the demands of the cham
pion and arrange to close the engagement
for Charleston. -Jaudon has no doubt the
fight can be pulled off. . ~ . ,
Will Consider Jeffries' Offer.
BERKELEY, April 6.— Th© University
of California rifle team, held a practice
shoot at Shell Mound this afternoon and
made. the following scores out of a possi
ble 50 on a. Blunt target at 200 yards:
: B. B, Harley 46, N. Vanderbilt 43, S. E.
Montgomery 43," T. Williamson 43, I. B.
Rhodes 42, F. Newton? 42, S. C. Dickson
41, H. Cloudman 41, ; B. Drake 40, W. : W.
Evans 39, , R. Wilson 39, R." M. Hardln, 33.
Cadets at the Range.
Attorney ; Simpson holds that . it is " not
illegal for Hammond to lease his teams
to persons '. who use them on municipal
work, and that the bills t done by such
teams are proper claims against the city.
ALAMEDA, April 6.— City Attorney M.
"W. Simpson has filed an opinion with the
municipal board bearing upon the legal
right of City Trustee C. J. Hammond to
hold an interest in teams that are em
ployed ¦' in ; city work.- Some weeks ago
Thomas Gardiner charged that Hammond
was the owner of teams working for the
city and was deriving a profit therefrom,
which Gardiner claimed was in violation
of a State law . governing municipal of
flcers.V. \. :': ' --.. ' ' ¦• "-¦¦ ¦, '¦
City Attorney Simpson Renders an
Opinion in. the Case of C. J.
• Hammond. ' i-:.';';-!
SAYS TRUSTEE MAY OWN \
TEAMS DOING CITY WORK
Hirschy had not only won the Grand
American handicap, but he. had placed to
his record a score of 78 straight birds for
this event, and a grand total. of .102, for
the week, having grassed every one since
the tournament began on Monday j morn-
The purse amounted to $12, 090. and -was di
vided as follows: First money, H. C. Hlrschy,
$688 70; second, C. G. Spencer, '$088 70; third.
Rolla Heikes, $488 70; fourth. J.D. Pollard,
$438 70; fifth, J. I* Owens, $338 70; sixth,
George Roll, $338 70; seventh, Guy Dering,
(288 70; eighth to twelfth will receive $238 80
each; thirteenth to twenty-fourth. $188 70 each
and twenty-fifth to sixty-third, $138 70 each. -
. O. Vonlengerke, Chicago:- E.'. Burke, Balti
more; Fred Arnhold, 8t. Joseph, Mp. ; ."W. A.
Williams, Belleville, 111.; C. Buckeye, Dayton,
Ohio; A. D.-Mermod, St. Louis; B. P. Trotter,
Klngsley, Iowa; Dr. J. L. Williamson, Milwau
kee; R. L. Trimble, Covington, Ky. ; El wood
Thornton, Joplin, Mo.; J. H. Sims, Colllnsvllle,
111.; R. S. Rhoades, Columbus, Ohio; A. M.
Shaw, Belfont. ' S. D. ; Colonel Colllson, Salt
Lake; B. C. Henshaw, Okoboji, Iowa; yv. Wett
leaf, Nicholas, Iowa; M. E. Atchison, Glddlnga,
Texas; George Sehlbers, Newton, Iowa; C. E.
Agard, Goldfteld. 111.; W. W. Washburn, New
Richmond, 111.; W. M. Howe, Kansas City; L.
G. Scranton, Weir City, Kans.; E. ¦ E. Uno,
Milwaukee; J. A. R. Elliott, Kansas City; J.
W. Oarrett, . Colorado Springs: Robin Hood,
Fostoria, Ohio; C. B. Cockrill, Rlatte City, Mo.;
C. E. Mink, • Philadelphia: B. P. Wood ford
DIxon. 111. ; A. G. Allen. M. M. Mayhew and
Ben Dicks, Chicago. ¦
The following men, who finished In the
main shoot with scores of 24 .out of 25,
having missed. only one bird, will share" In
the prizes: - ¦ . . .
KANSAS CITY, April 5.— H. C.'Hirschy,
shooting from the twenty-nlne-yard mark,
won the Grand American handicap to-day
and thus became the champion wing-shot
of America. The last man . to stand up
with hm in the shoot-off out of the four
teen men who had clean scores yesterday
was C. G. Spencer. of St. Louis,, al'so a
twenty-nine-yard man,' who finally failed
to kill his fifty-third bird. Sp«ncer will
receive second ' money; '"Rl O. Heikes of
Dayton, O., third; J. D.: Pollard, Chicago,
fourth, and J. L. Owen of Cushing, fifth.
Kills One Hundred and Two Pigeons
Without a Miss During Week's
Competition;
HIRSCHT IS THE CHAMPION
WING SHOT OF AMERICA
Dr. Muller has been away from his
country for some time in its interests and
has spoken in many countries. He. has
kept closely in touch with political affairs
in South* Africa, Commandant Snyman
was In active service for a considerable
period of time after the outbreak of Ifie
war. Both speakeFS are thoroughly fa
miliar with, the ' English language and
have spoken' before; most of the'universi
ties in this, country. » .The. public is In
vited to the Hearst Hall lectures.'; '' :
BERKELEY, April 5.— Two of the prom
inent Boers now in America will discuss
the war In South Africa before the stu
dents of the University jot Calif ornia ' in
Hearst Hall Monday evening at 8 o'clock.
The speakers will be Dr. Hendrik Muller,
Envoy Extraordinary to Europe from the
Orange Free State, and Commandant TV.
D. Snyman of Cape Colony, South Africa.
Hearst Hall.
Will Give Public Addresses in
Z>r. Muller and Commandant Snyman
BOER LEADERS WILL
SPEAK TO STUDENTS
Resolved, That we as a union will do all in
our power to have the children of school age
¦who are ¦ now compelled to work "in factories
and are found on the streets to come into their
inheritance granted them in our public schools
under the protection of the Stars and Stripes,
thereby "giving them an opportunity to become
honorable citizens of this commonwealth, a
credit to our country and .to the world, and we
appeal to all parents and friends of children
to help us in this high purpose to enforce the
law.
t Resolved, That the members of the Mothers'
Union of Golden Gate request the- earnest co
operation of other, unions and clubs to appeal
to the proper authorities to enforce the com
pulsory education law, now seemingly a dead
letter. And be it further
WhereaB, It la generally conceded that knowl
edge is power; that a good education is a better
inheritance than money or fame. Therefore
be it - . .-- • •
OAKLAND, April 5.— Th© Mothers' Un
ion of Golden Gat© has come put strongly
in favor of a stricter enforcement of the
compulsory education law and has adopt
ed the following resolutions giving its
stand on the Question:
Mothers' Union of Golden C Gate
Adopts Resolutions Giving: Its
Stand in. the Mattel*.
"WANT <! THE C0MPULS0BY
EDTTCATI01T IAW ENFORCED
Trout fishing is reported good in all the
streams of the county, due j undoubtedly
to the large numbers planted in recent
years and the protection afforded the
streams by the Fish and Game Protective
Association.
In the large mess of fish were many
magnificent specimens of trout. Accord
ing ' to the . fishermen -Smiths Creek .is
teeming with trout. They were , the first
on the creek.
SAN JOSE, April 5.— One thousand trout
in two days is the phenomenal record
made by. a quartet' of fishermen on Smiths
Creek, near Mount Hamilton, this week.
The_ party consisted of William : Kerr,
John_McGeoghegan, Walter Kerr and
John '; French of this city, and } they, re
turned to-day from their \outing. ; This is
the. largest 'catch made in this county in
many years. ; . - . r.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
There was a fashionable ' gathering, at
the gymkhana games held at Burlingame 4
yesterday under the auspices of the San
Mateo Hunt Club. All the leaders of the
r-mart set were present and participated in
the amusements. The games were held on
Francis J. Cardan's polo field. There
were pony races, jumping and many novel
and mirthful ! events. • -
- T. J. Drysbrough, who acted; as judge,
master of ceremonies and referee, wielded
a bandana handkerchief in lieu of a flag.
"Walter S. Hobart, J. J. Moore and
Carolan had out their fastest polo and.
jumping ponies. The equipages were
strikingly handsome. ' :-' -
The first event was an egg and spoon
race on horseback. In the first heat were
Mr. Hobart and Mr. -Carolan. The latter
won owing to his steady hand. .The sec
ond heat was taken by Mr. "Wilson, with
Lawrence McCreery a close second.' The
final waa won by Mr. Carolan. Wilson
was winning handily, but became nervous
when nearlng the finish and dropped the
t'gg.
Walter Hobart essayed to win the high,
jumping match, but his horse shied at
the sticks when they were Bet at four feet
nine inches. " Merry Boy, one of Mr. Caro
lan"s hunters, won the event with Charles'
Richards, a groom, in the saddle. Del
Monte, ow.ned'by J. J. Moore and ridden
by Jerry Williams, a groom, was second.
In an exhibition Del Monte cleared five
feet, showing the most graceful style of
any horse in the competition.
The egg and spoon race for. ladles had
many starters. The ladies sprinted fifty
yards carrying an egg in a spoon. Miss
Howard won the final. Miss Celia Tobln
was second and Miss Wittell third. The
other starters were Princess Poniatowski,
Mrs. Carolan, Mrs. Henry T. Scott . and
Mrs. Wilson.
; The amusing event on ; the programme
was the race for "travelers." It was run
off in two heats. The riders had to race
on horseback "to one end of the polo field
with a bag in 'their hands and on return-
Ing to the starting place dismount, remove
their. coats and place them in therecep
tacle and then don pajamas. The men
made a ludicrous appearance as they tried
to hurry on the flowing garments, wr,
Hobart captured the first heat and Mr.
Menzies the second. The final went to
Menzies because Hobart dropped his pack,
age. The other starters were Messrs.
Carolan, Wheeler, McCreery, Wilson,
Bej-lard and B. M. Tobin.
The affair was a complete success la
every particular. .
San Joseans Have Successful
Two Days' Outing Near
Moun/t Hamilton.
Well-Known Men Out Queer
Figures in Some Novel
Competitions. ;
Quartet of Fishermen
tiand a Thousand
Society Is Amused by
Antics of Gentle
men Eiders.
GYMKHANA RACE
ARE A SUCCESS
RECORD CATCH
OF BROOK TROUT
THE SAjST; FRAKGISGG GALL, SUNDAY, 6, 1902.
34
; _ _ _. . , ,. ., AD VEBTISEMENTS. . . . - , ,' , - :
jj Dry Goods -^§jgg^ Company, jj
I High Gf adelVIillinef y |
j; No finer colledtlon of LADIES' CHIC STREET *C
I HATS than our distinctly charming creations ••
4- can be seen anywhere, as the materials are of II
r. r :7V- the very newest, the color effects are»inhar^ f
f' mony, arid the ensemble showing in greatest \
t measure the acme of artistic elegance. •*•
| Smart Evening .«* Carriage Hats I
1 Choice collection to replenish the stock after 7.
f the- large Easter depletion have arrived. 4*
I Agents for the New York Connelly Hats |
f The very proper thing for Tailored Gowns. .j.
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, *:
j. Geary snd Stock ton Streets, Union Square. '.'.
o^^^>^-H"^'^'>^4^^^^:^^^:^^^^;"I^^^^:¦;-I"K-l¦^I^^^^:^^I^^I^^I^^^^I^
_ AMUSEMENTS.
1 -Vr. ' EVENINGS AT 8 8HARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARPt
TO-NIGHT IS YOUR LAST CHANCE TO BEE
THE SERENADE.
"IN-FLEW-ENZAI"
CAN YOU GUESS IT? YOU WILL HAVE
AN OPPORTUNITY IF YOU CALL ON
Monday Evening, April 7th,
AND SEE
The Great Alice Nielsen Opera,
Fortune
Teller,
By HARRY B. . SMITH and ' VICTOR -/.;.¦
HERBERT.
SUPERB PRODUCTION 1
UNEQUALED CAST!
STUNNING COSTUMES AND SCENERY!
FIRST TIMELHERE AT
POPULAR ¦¦pRJCBT-26fi l 50c, 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
rp/\ "KTrnTiTn Thursday and
THE GREATEST OF THEM ALL.
Hurtlg and Seamon Present
Williams "¦ & Walker
And Own Company — 60 people— In the Musical
— . ¦ Hit, ..'
SOWS OF HAM
-'¦ SEATS NOW SELLI3STG.
Next— April '21/ '
, • MR. JAMES NEILL .'
/And THE NEILL COMPANY.V
MATINEE TO-DAY — 10c, '. 15c, 25c,
\ TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. '
The Great Comedy-Drama, : the
SLEEPING CITY,
BeautUul Scenery, Startling Effects, Plenty o£
> ¦¦ Wholesome Comedy. : : ' •.."•.-•¦¦
CDirPC' Evenings ...;."'. .10c to Me
rill t C3 Matinees .10c, 15c 23c
TO-MORROW EVENING— The Blar Success,
THE LAND OF THE LIVING.
~ A. Great Production.
| FISCHERS THeAT^j
O'Farrell." bet. Stockton and Powell Streets. * I
.Telephone Main 231.
The Greatest Humorous Hit of -4h« Season.
OPENING OF THE GREAT .
Weber & Field's Season,
. ' Commencing . with . MONDAY. April 7.-—^..
. -•' ¦ Matinees . Saturday and Sunday.
)l FIDDLE Dge DEE.'?
The mostsuccessful burlesque ever presented
lii^AVeber & Field's Music' Hall,- New York. • A
cast never surpassed.': Kolb and Dill, .unequal-
ed. ¦• ¦ Barney Barnard; matchless. Maude Am-
ber-^" unrivaled. : All | headllners., "Fiddle '
Dee" will be put on seenlcally costumed, lyri-
cally- perfect.' - Reserved seats; : night. 28o and
JSOc. -¦: Matinees, ¦•25c,, any where. \ . Children at
matinees, 10c. ¦. '.;-,- ,; • •-: . ¦ '
MAPLE ROOM--PAIACE HOTEL.
Beginning MONDAY, April 7. One Week Only.
From- 10 a. ,m.- to MIdnlKht, Daily. ¦..•¦;
Flrtt a Time = In - America of the ¦¦¦ Great ~ Manila
War Paintings v by SANTOS GONZALES. .-¦
the Eminent Philippine Artist,-
"THE • SURRENDER y OF . MANILA"
' *{ VSALUTING; THE : "WOUNDED.".
: : Pronounced Masterpieces ' by ¦ Connoisseurs. •
ADMISSION, 50c. CHILDREN. , 25c. .;
. AMU SEMENTS.
bULUMjEHA LEADING THEATRE
TONIGHT,^^
"THE CHRISTIAN"
EDWARD MORGAN as JOHN STORM.
ro-Monnow lYiKJlV JLJ/A Y
MR. Mfll I I 00
F s if 9 8 I M n 19
c '»« Wf 1 L L fa II U
Six NIffhts— Saturday Matinee Only.
A New Play Entitled
"THE CARDINAL"
By LOUIS N. PARKER.
MONDAT, APRIL 14,
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY. 1 *
By J. M. Barrte. author of The Little Minister.
Mr. ¦ WlUard -will also appear as "Tom Pinch"
and "David Garrick." •¦
Prices During This Engagement,
— t3. $VP0 »1. 75c, 60c and 25c. "
. :r PACKED EVERT NIGHT.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
Beginning TO-MORROW (Monday) EVENING.
Fourth Week of Oor $1000 Star
MELBOURNE MACDO WELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardou's Most Powerful Play,
"GISMONDA."
POPULAR PRICES 10c,. -15c, 25c. 60c. 75o
Good Orchestra Seats All : Matinees 25c
¦ Belasco & Thall, Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT, LXST TIME
- . Martha Morton's Successful Comedy,
BROTHER JOHN.
PRICES — 15c, 25c, 33c. 50c and 73c
TO-MORROW EVG— Extraordinary double bill
David Belasco' s Famous Japanese Tragedy,
MADAME BUTTERFLY
And Augustln Daly's Great Comedy.
THE GREAT UNKNOWN.
' Secure Your Seats In Advance.
FANNIE BLOOMFJELD
ZIESLER
1 . - ¦ ¦¦
v PIANIST.
FOUR RECITALS
AT 'METROPOLITAN HALL
¦ • TUESDAY AND THURSDAY NIGHTS, '
April 15 and 17.
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MATINEE
- April 18 and 19.
Seats 75c. "$1.00/ $1.50,.- $2.00. At Sherman,
Clay A Co.'e,' next Thursday.
.; Oakland Concert. Friday Night. April 13.
PEHEINRSCS
; 2— FAREWELL .SONG RECITALS— 2
WEDNESDAY • EVENING and SATURDAY
1 AFTERNOON NEXT.
METROPOLITAN HALL.
ENTIRELY NEW . PROGRAMMES v
. POPULAR PRICES. *
5Oc and 75c.
¦ Seats ready Tuesday. Sherman, day & Cg>s.
P/ll/iCfi D «trable location,
* • il ** v T : - unsurpassed ctiisine,
j un equaled scr-
/llifl vice and modern
utiw conveniences are the
Y» • j attributes that have
lir^Hlfl made these two ho-
U 1 U UU tels popular • with
f» j t tourists and, travel-
II olTP I Q • crs who visit San
UUlClD Francisco,
XA3ttXJSEMEKTS.
in Conjunction W1U» tbe Q
35 Orpheum Theater. N.w Orleana.
X Orpheum Theater, I^oa Anselea. jl
& Orphe'um Theater, Kansas City. O
A Orpheum Theater, Omaha. Q
a Columbia Theater. St. Louis. A
iZ Columbia Theater, Cincinnati. a
™ Grand Opera-house, Indianapolis. r*
• . Chicago Opera-house. Chicago. *»
© Olympic Theater, Chicaeo. O
A Haymarkct Theater. Chicago. 0
9 Week Commenclne THIS AFTER- •
NOON. April 6. ©
iKlffBTNAMES! §
& America's Foremost Lecttimate Star. ©
I Marie/ I
5 And Company. In "THH LADY AUtt jY
• THE CLOCK." g
| CLIPPER QUARTETTE, 8
2 '.In 'X'NCLE EPH'S DREAM,"
ITAMESTcfiLLENT!
A Monoloxiat and Parodist. 0
1TMeFlindIcoT|
9 ' "Grlnzolre, the Street Slnser." q
® Banjo Virtuoso. **
6 ¦-. Myriad Dancer. ©
IgomanMeeppier, I
2} The Comedian ' and the Dancer. q
0 La3t Week of Q
8 Mr. and Mrs. •
S SIDNEY DREW, S
• In "THD YELLOW DRAGOX." ~
V a Strange Adventure in One Act. V
9 - ¦ ¦ •
9 - ¦ ¦ ¦ 9
O Parquet. 23c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Q
m Children. 10c, any part except reserved, a
Ji A few front orchestra rows reserved. 1
5 BOc; front rows or Balcony, reserved. 2
S 9
UNION COURSING PARK
JHO. 6RACX, loagt; JA3. 1. GRACS, Slipper.
TO-DAY,
(SUNDAY ... • APRIL 6.
THREE
Notable Coursing
Events!
OPEN; RESERVE,
SPECIAL STAKES
112— HOMINATIONS— 112
TTE kTfT BEKVIQ^
Leaves Third and Townsend streets. 10:15
a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia, streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:43 p. m. and alter tn« last
course. San' Mateo electrlo cars every six
minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
gJB^.RA.CING
S^H3J,3g£3£^5Si» E Ver y Week Day—
mSr Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. . .-
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., eonneeUns
with trains stopplne - at the entrance to taa
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. '¦All trains v»»
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electrlo cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with tian Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo can
co direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Train* leave the track at 4:13
and 4:43 p. m. and Immediately after th* laat
race. —
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES y. PRICE. Secy, and Mxr.
BASEBALL.
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMS. " ]
CALIFORNIA BASEBALL " LEAGUE.
BATURDAT, April 5. at 3:15 p. m. 1-
SUNDAT. April 6, at 2:30 p. m. "
SACRAMENTO IS. SAN FRANCISCO.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH and HARRISON ST9.
ADMISSION. 25c. Reserved Seats. 25c eartra.
THE WEFKLYTAII
Mil IILLIvLI UnLL.
o( It Publishes the Cream of tlui
J Newj> or the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS TUB 'BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THS
_J PACIFIC COAST
9\ l-vlegraphic \/ News That
©\ jfervicc on s\. I* Accurst*
ol . The Coast / . \& up to datO
c* Not a Line of it Sensational
©< or Faky, and Not a Line'of
gj it "" Dry or Uointeresting.
.o ¦ ~*~ ' - ¦ _ . ¦¦ ¦*
O\ Brtsbt* Clean, A Cbamploa el
Taeughtlal. Truth.
OC | \
W A CAltFORNU NEWSPAKB
,J AUTHETIML
II flJvouAitj j StNT BT
..;;. '.;.¦¦: ;-;? advertisements.
StylfelV Garments j
» At the height of the season we 4 shall offer the J
; most stylish and latest Garments at j
j iMitlil 8\/\ B L.C5 J
| This is our method of reaching the J
|; public and making popular the ... J
III ilrN flA -1 f I
! FASHIONABLE PEDESTRIAN SUITS, made'in the newest shades «
? ;,..; of tan, browns and grays; the new Eton/with silk revcrs, velvet col- 4
1 '¦¦:'-'.: lar, silk-lined, the skirt graceful hanging and perfect fitting; extra J
• ; good value at $20.00—* '•'¦'¦ " -: •' J
! v CUT RATE, SI5.OO 5
| NEW BLOUSE TAILOR SUITS, made of fine quality Venetian, silk- .J
, lined,' new graduating flounce, skirt, lined with amisilk; full value 4
) $22.50 — c
J x CUT RATE, $18.50 j
? NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, fancy trimmed, silk-lined skirt or with •
• taffeta 'silk drop skirts, Venetian or extra quality cheviot, black and 5j
I colors; value $30.00, $32.50 and $35.00 — » g
; AH at CUT RATES, $25.00 j
I MOJRE AND TAFFETA SILK LONG COATS, revers fancy trim- «
) ;med, entire garment heavy satin-lined . and richly tailored, value *
! v CUT RATE, $20.00 c
| The NEW BISHO? COAT, SS inches long, made of fine quality tan or |
ly-^'jvblack broadcloth;. silk-lined throughout; regular value $.32.«;o— ' €
|; CUT RATE, $25.00 J
? NEW STYLE TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS, richly trimmed, atrT. •
? $7.50, $10.00 and $12.50 J
? LATEST STYLE SPRING JACKETS, short, jaunty effect, Venetian «
• or cheviot, silk-lined, at. . . . .$G.OO, ?7.5O, $8.50 and $10.00 J
| 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET, jForeign Markets:
, LONDON, < April 5.— Consols, ' 94%@04 7 10;
silver, 24%d;; French rentes, lOor- 80c;.' wheat
cargoes on passage, " easier, in some request;
No. 1 standard California, 28s Od; Walla Walla '
2Ss l^urEngnih'countryimarkets.^flrra. ¦
; LIVERPOOL. I April 6.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard California, 6s - ld@6s 2d ; wheat - in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try f markets. . quiet and steady; . • weather ' in
England;. damp.. ¦ . •*.-.., ¦/. -4. , . .• ¦, ¦ ..- , • • :• -
- COTTON— Uplands, : 4 31-32d. ":-> .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
¦ Quotations on Oranges were undisturbed and
all ¦ gradeo cleared 'up well. . 1 Six . or. ; eighf cars
are -expected- for ;the .auction to-morrow.' Th«
other citrus frultSiShowed no change ,worthy.'or
hotel -. One car of Lemons came in from Santa'
Panhv B - ' . .
A car oSNewtpwn Pippins was received from
Oregon' and met with ready sale at full figures.
Cheaper grades of Apples wero neglected..
¦•Longworth Strawberries • from Palo 'Alto .sold
at $4 per drawer. •¦* Ten drawers were received.
APPLES — $2®2 25 ¦ per . box • for rxtras, »l ViJ
@1 .73 . for good to . Choice . a nd C0c@$l . for or -
CITRUS FRUlTS^Navel t .Orances^* : $l©l. i .73
for standard! $2®2; 80.. for "choice and $2 50®:?
for -fancy; extra- fancy, $3 25; Seedlings, $l@
I 1 . 75; • Mediterranean • Sweet*,". $1 -76@2; Malta
Blood Oranges, $2@2 60; Tangerines. In quarter
boxes,- 75c©$l and, $1~25®1 60 In, half, boxes;
Lemons. .76c@$l for common and. $1:253)1' 75 for.
good ! to choice and $2©2 75 for ¦ fancy; Grape
Fruit, $1@.'V including seedless; Mexican Limes,
$4@4 50; Bananas. $2 50©3 50 per bunch .for
New Orleans and . $1@2 : for. Hawaiian; . Pine
apples," $3®4 per dozen.' "V . -'_ ; ¦¦¦_'. r.~.
'Dried Fntits',. Nuts and Raisins..
1 The'-, situation';* remains; as . 'before*'; quoted;
Present Vcrop prospects 1 : Indicate ' an ¦ unusually
heavy yield of all: kinds of Fruit; though It la
rather/ early yet ' to figure on ' the .'size of the
NEW YORK, April 6.— To-day's stock mar
ket teemed to reflect the activity of the spec
ulative element which has caused the revival
In the market during tht latter part of the
week, but their operations had to meet heavy
realizing ealee after the opening. The market
had turned upward aceln when the disclosures
cf the important shrinkage In the surplus re
serve of the bank* renewed the selling and sent
prices generally below last night's level. Louis
ville and Nashville was the only important
etock to make notable headway on, the final
rally and the market dese-d irregular. .There
mas some reversion to the obscurer clans vt
etoefcs, as shown by the 20 points in Burling
ton, Ccder Rapids and Northern, 8 In United
States Express and Z\i in Nashville, Chatta
nooga and St. Louis. Hocking Valley made a
renewed advance. Susar and Colorado Fuel
wen under pressure, but rallied effectively.
The banks failed to ehow the expected set-off
to the drain In the Sub-Treasury by a gain in
the interior movement of currency. Apparently
losses were ineurivl on This account as well as
on £ub-Treaeury operation*. There Beern to
have bt*n rpecUl transfers of npeoie.to.PhHe- ¦
Ceii/h'.a during the week, which Is attributed
New York Stock Market.
.PORTLAND, Or., April 5.— CTearings, $?22 -
176:.balances.. $28, 729.
TACOMA; April 5. — Clearings, $148,316; bal
ances, .«42,S67. ¦'• • V ."¦• - •
- SKATTLE. April; 6. — Clearing*. $506,070;
balances, • $67,812. .- • :. .. / * .' '
•SPOKANE. 1 April 5. — Clearings, • $263,310
balances, J40.6C0. - '• T> ?*"l
Northern . Business.
EASTERN MARKETS.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Aerll 5. — Wheat — Unchanzed,
Bluestem, tS5c; club, .64c. . - .
PORTLAND. April 4.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
04®04%c; bluestem, fiB^CSVic; valley, 04@b'3c.
OREGON.
Northern . Wheat Market.
There is nothing, new. in anything. ~ Supplies
of Butter, while fully ample for all needs, are
r.ot excessive, and prices therefore remain as
before, •Cheese la quoted steady, with "plenty
on the shelves.- Eggs are also in liberal sup
ply and the feeling IS weak, as even with the
heavy 'storing: going on the ¦ market is hardly
able to take , care of the surplus. .--'.,
' Receipts were 6.1,900 pounds. 19 tubs and 11
kees of Butter. 18C0 cases 6f Eggs, 3S00 pounds
of Ciillfornla Chee39, • poun.is of Oregon
Cheese and-— pounds of Eastern Cheese.* -
ks BU'lTtU— Creunricr>, »lc Kr iiw.lW . for
fancy, 20c for 1 , firsts "and :— — for seconds;
dairy,' ,17@19c; ¦, store .'Butter, lC©17o per
. CHEESE— New, 0@10c; old, ; 0®llc; Younis
America, S(g>lCc;. Eastern, i:«@)luc per pound.
EGGS— Ranch,'* 14<515c; store, 13@13%c per
dczen.'-.':' ' ¦ . ¦ ;¦ r .- .¦••" ! , ¦ , ¦; > ; ;
Butter,, Cheese and Eggs.
•The imports this .week were: Gold," $39,650;
silver.' $25,180; A dry goods and merchandise,
*12>°16,147. . - ¦' •' : '"--' """•": '^¦¦¦^ ' ¦ : ¦
NEW "SORK, April 5. — The exports cf specia
from - the port of New "York ' to all countries
for this week aggregated $306,310 silver and
S12.000 rold. - . ¦ : ¦-... . - .-.-A--
New York Money Market.
San Francleco and vicinity— Cloudy unset
tled weather, probably breaking away during
the day; light southerly winds, changing to
frech •^"^ri&rj&rasil O. McADIE. V '
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled
weather Sunday, ponslbly light showers. clear-
Ing during the dAy: light Boutherly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy unsettled
weather Sunday, possibly light showers; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada — Light Showers Sunday, warmer;
Boutherly. changing to fresh westerly winds.
FORECAST,
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-jfour hours along the coast from
Cape Mendoflno northward. It has also fallen
rapidly over the valley of the Colorado. A
moderate depression overlies Arizona, and will
probably move slowly eastward.
Light showers have fallen over . Northern
California.
The temperature has risen about 6 degrees
along the coast north of San Francisco.
Forecast made at San. Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 6:
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
KEff, YORK, April 5. — The usual Saturday
quietness prevailed in metal " markets to,-day,
but as a rule the markets were well sustained.
Tin was quoted at .26. 65@27c for spot. ¦ .
ruled about steady, with lake on spot
staudiiu; at 12V1O asked, and 12. 15c was asked
tor electrolytic and 12c for casting.
L*tad was steady at 4%c. .•
Spelter ruled firm at 4.40c. - . ' -¦:¦" .• •". .--'i,
" Iron remained quite 'steady and unchanged
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO, April 5.— CATTLE — Receipts,"
BOO. Nominal. Prime to good steers, $0 10$J
7; poor to medium, $4 25@0 40; stockers and.
feeders, $2 C0&5; cows, $1 25@5 60; heifers;
$2 5005 75; cankers. $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2 50®
5; calves, ?2 50@5 75; Texas fed steers,. $5@o.
¦ HOGS — Receipts to-day, 11,000; Monday,
30,000. Choice strong, others weak. Mixed and
butchers, - *ii 5O@6 85; good to choice heavy
$6 75(B6 05; rough heavy," $0 50@0 65; ¦ light
$6 30@C 60; bulk of sales, $6 60@0 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. .. Steady; lamb*,'
weak.. Good to choice wethers, ?5 25@5 75;
fair, to choice mixed.". $4 50@5 25;. Western
sheep and yearlings, (4 50@5 85;, native lambo,
$5 50@6 85; Western lambs, $5 25@(J 85
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
HOPS — Pacific Coast firm. £3 15s® £4 15s.
¦ NEW YORK, April 5. — The Commercial Ad-'
vertlser"* London financial . cablegram "' says:'
The stock market .was inanimate, consols weak
ening on the release of tMviaends, ;but the .ab
sence of peace news and the shadow of the
new budget encourages the bear element
;Americari shares began firm, but closed easier.
We are Inclined to distrust the spurt in prices
In New York. •¦¦¦ • •.<..- ¦• , . ... ¦ ¦.. .-¦.
London. Market.
NEW YORK, April 6.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ended to-day
shows: Loans, $907,223,400; increase. $3,148,
900. Deposits, $064,618,300; decrease. $735,000.
Circulation, $31,059,900; decrease, $363,200. Le
gal tenders, $70,549,000; decrease, $371,000.
Specie. _$173,254,200; decrease, $4,128,500. Re
serVes. .$243,804,100; ..decrease, $4,490,800. Re
serve'.requlfed; $241,154,575; decrease, 5183,750.
Surplus. $2,649,525; decrease, $4,31C,O.".O.
The Financier says: The statement of the
New York Associated Banks last week showed
a loss of $4,499,800 In cash, of which $4,128,600
consisted of specie. , . * ,
¦ The estimates of the cash movement for the
week indicated a decrease in this Item of
$2,546,700. and the difference, between the es
timated and the actual loss may be accounted
for either by the system of averages or by the
unrecorded movement of money. The ' loans
were increased $3,148,900. indicating conserva
tism on the part of the banks. In view of the
general tendency of the reserves and also of
expected requirements for crop purposes. The
deposits show a decrease of $735,000, or $615,900
less than the difference between the loss of
cash and the Increase ' of loans. Reserve re
quirements were reduced by $183,750, which
amount deducted from the decrease in cash
leaves $4.:$ltt,0r>0. representing the loss of sur
plus reserves. This Item now stands at $2,649,
525, against $5,817,975 at the 'corresponding date
a year ago. The interior bank mqvement of
money last .week, 60 far as it was traceable,
showed an excess of receipts over shipments.'
but this appears to have been largely due to
returns -Of . currency from' the South. ¦ the. de
mand for - the cotton movement having . about
subsided. Crop . planting: and farm work teem
to have been retarded at the West because, of
unseasonable weather, and this fact may ac
ccunt for. the light -demand for money during
the week from that section. This inquiry is,
however, only deferred, and it may be expected
to become important as weather conditions im
prove. The collections of April interest' from
the Government were notably -.tardy Jast week
and the checks for this Interest will probably
•all be presented during: the current .week,' so
that the ¦ operations oC the ' sub-treasury will
mort likely result in a smaller drain from the
banks than was observed 1 last week, j 1 Morfl
over. part of the 'gain by that office was due
to payments by the banks on account of retir
ing circulation, which will probably be small
.for the remainder of the month. -The fact ap
pears,.-however, that the ¦• treasury is steadily
accumulating surplus and that there Is small
prospect of Its liberal distribution. ~- This ab
sorption of money by ' the treasury - and tha
hiph rates for exchange which theaten gold ex
perts ' seem ¦ to make it improbable that there
will be an improvement in bank reserves, at'
least until, the end of the spring eeason.
¦Associated Banks* Statement.
THE COAST RECORD.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 23(g>30c; dairies,
22@27c. Cheese, steady, 12®I3c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14%c. ¦
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
64. minimum 64, mean C9.
The followincJ maximum and minimum tem
r*ratur«« were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 44-30! Kansas City 00-40
Cincinnati 56-36'Omaha 62-40
Philadelphia 46-36 'Chicago 42-38
Washington 42-30 Duluth 40-20
Jacksonville fcO-56;st. Louis 64-42
New York 46-32 Ealt Lake City... 00^44
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter .patents, $3 70<§3 80; straights,
$3 20@3C0; clears, $3@3 40; Vprlng specials, $4;
patents, $3 20@3 50; straights, $2 75@3; No. 2
spring wheat, 71%c; No. 3, 70c; No. 2 red, 77
@79c;No. 2 oats. 44'^c; No. 2 white, 46c; No.
3 white, 44%@45%c; No. 2 rye, 67c; fair to
choice malting barley, 04@67c; No. 1 flax seed,
$1 68; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 <>5; prime timothy
seed, $0 B5; mess pork, per bbl, $18 40@16 45;
lard, per 100 lbs, $0 52%@9 55; short-rib sides
(loose), $8 80!f3 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed). $9 25@9 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 51.C00 23,000 -
Wheat, bushels .'42,000 341,000
Corn, bushels 85.000 38,000
Oats, bushels 83,000 94,000 .
Rye, bushels ...::... \ 2,000 2,000
Barley, bushels ......... 27,000 2,000 ¦•
SATURDAY. APRIL 5."
Flour, qr sks."... 16.293 Wool, bales ..... 687
."Wheat, ctls :.. 100,643 Shorts. sk 9 350
Barley, ctls 8,610 Leather, rolls ... 112
Oats, ctls ..:... : 7C0 Hides. No ...... 37«
Potatoes, sks ... 1,04-1 Lime, bbls ..... 27.1
Onions, sks 50 Wine.' gals • .... .5S,!>5n
Bran, sks ;...... 1,700 Tallow, ctls -240
MlddllnKs. sks .. 250 Pelt*, bdls . 13
Hay. tons 20S Quicksilver, flsks. ?7
Jjtraw, tons...: 5 Fwrar, ctls :..... 1,918
OREGON. •-*:--
Flour, qr sks... > 820 Oats, » ctls ...... 400
Receipts of Produce.
TURPENTINE — 70c per gallon in cases and
U4c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.60c; Powdered, 4.33c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, -4.25c; Dry Granu
lated 3 Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet • Granulated (100-lb bacs - only), none:
Confectioners' A, 4.23c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C, 3.63c; "D."
3.35c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 60c more; 60-lb bags, 10c. more, for all
kinds. Dominog— -Half-barrels,, 4.76c; boxen,
6c'Der'lb. No order taken for less than 75
barr«i« "r ltj>' equivalent.
QUICKSILVER— Is in good supply and lower
at ?45 5C©47 per flask for local use.
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; San
Quentln. 5.35c; Wool Bags, 32@3oc; Fleece
Twine. 7%©8a . . • - . ¦
COAL— Wellington, $3 ' per , ton ; Southfle Id
"Wellington, $9: Seattle. $8 50; Bryant. $8 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 CO; Greta. $3; "Walls
«-nd, .$3^00; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50;
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In sacks;
Ivnnsylvanla Anthracite I Egg," -^ — -; Welsh
Anthracite. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton;- Coke. $10
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mount
ain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50
per ton. according to brand,
OIL— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed O!l, In barrels, boiled
7tSc; raw, 74c; cases. 5c more; Lucol, C6c for
boiled and B4c for raw, '. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 85c;
China Nut, 57%©<»Sc per gallon; pur* Neats
foot. la barrels, 70c; cases, ,75c;" Sperm, pure,
G5c; Whale Oil.' natural white. l0@50s per jfal
lpn;: Fish Oil. barrels, 42%c; cases. 47%c; Co
coanut Oil, barrels, «3%c lor Ceylon and 6S%e
fcr Australian. :. • : ¦
COAL OIL— Water Whita Coal Oil. In hulk
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; A3tral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15%c
ln cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; in cases,
-ic; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 2uc; in cases
-3«Hc. - •
General Merchandise.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Eeason.
iSTuiefca .01 43.29 44. 82
2ted Bluff 14 28.87 22.24
Sacramento 08 13.64 17. 5o
S-an Francisco 05 17.20 18.04
Fresno Trace C.22 10.35
Ir.<Jc-p>ndence ...... .00 4.13 5.81
Stn Lu:s Oblspo 00 19.82 27.62
Los Angeles 00 10.37 14.18
San Diego 00 6.S5 10.65
GAME— Hare, $1;- Rabbits, $1 25 for. Cot
tontails and .$1 for Brush: Gray Geese, $3;
White Geese, 75c@$l 25; Brant. $1 25@2 per
dozen; Honkers. $3®4; English Snipe. $3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50. •
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14i@)15c for Gob
blers and 16@17c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 60«n 7K; Go3llngs $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $50
6 CO for old and $7@8 for young; Hens $4 50®
6; young Roosters. $6 50@7 50; old Roosttrs,
$4 5C'(5;5; Fryers, $5 50@6p. Broilers." .$4 50@5
for large >nd $2 5004 for small; Pigeons,
$1 50@l 75 per . dozen for old and $2 00@2 75
for Squabs. \ - ,'
Receipts of Game were largn, but the market
cleaned up fairly well on sound stock. Forty
eight sacks- came 'in. .'..-. : - , ¦¦
. The end of the week found the Poultry, mar
ket In t good shape and well cleaned up, and
indications point .to ; a. strong market next
week. One more car of "Eastern Icame In, mak
ing the fourth for the week. /
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra' fancy, 73
Sc per lb, $3 25<g-3 per box for No. 1 and $1 25
@2 for' No. 2; Rhubarb, o0c@?l per box;
extra fancy, ?1 25; Green Peas, - 2@3c;
String Beans, from Los Angeles, :8@l5c; Cab
bage. 40c per ctl: Los Angeles Tomatoes. 75c@
$1 25 per box and 75c@?l 50 per crate: Mexican
Tomatoes, 70c@?l 25 per box, . including re
packed; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles do, 13@17%c; Dried Okra. 12%(g20o per
lb; Carrots, 35<05Oc per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 60c@$l-per dozen for small and $1 25©
$1 60 for large; Garlic, lV-**2%c;' Los Angeles
Green Peppers, 10<8>12%c; -Mexican do; S@10c;
Egg Plant, from Los Angeles. 20<g'23c:. Summer
Squash, irom Los Angeles,' $1@1 25; Mar
rowfat Squash,' $10015 per ton ; " Hubbard
Squash, $10@16; - Mushrooms, nominal, i
I ONIONS— Oregons. $2@2 15 for the best and
$1 75®2 for lower grades: Australian; $3 504£
3 73; Green Onions, 25@50c per box. '
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2%©3'4c per lb;
old. $1 2301 40 for Burbanks from -,the rlverr
Orearon ' Burbanks. $1 35@1 ¦ 65 ; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 60: River Reds. $1 50@l 60; Early
Rose, for seed, $1 60@l 70; small Burbanks. for
seed, $1 10@l SO; Sweets, $1 00 for Merceds.
Receipts of Asparagus were liberal, but
prices were upheld, as the demand .and sup
ply r about balanced. Other Vegetables were
offering freely, and. most" kinds were, quoted
lower. - ' - - ' ¦ ¦ '
Green Onions were lower under • heavy re
ceipts and large quantities were unsold at the
close of business. Old Onions from Oregon
showed no change. Australians were held firm
at the Quotation. . .
. All descriptions of old Potatoes were un
charged and a firm feeling prevailed, especially
on Oregon Burbanks, all offerings of which
were in the hands of. jobbers and speculators.
The Oregon steamer . Is at hand with about
4000. sacks. -Offerings of' new were more liberal,
and as there was little inquiry for, shipping,
prices were lower. . . » :¦ "
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 5—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May . 71»,4 71% 70% 71
July ........ . 71H 71% 71 71U
September ..-. 71% 71ft . 70% 71
Corn No. 2 —
May C9% W>% 68% . 58%
July 50Vi '59)b C8% 69
September-.. 09 60 07^ 58%
Oats No. 2 —
May ........ 42%- -42% 42% r 42%
July 33% MV» 33% 3;l%
September .. 2S% 28% 2S% . 28%
Mess Pork, ner bbl —
May 16 40 16 50 16 40. 16 47 > 4
July 16 65 10 C7}4 10 55 10 02 J ,i
¦ Lard, per 100 lbs—
May ...9 6714 0 65tt 9 57% 9 60,.
July ...9 70 9 72% 9 67% 9 70-
September ..0 SO ;i) 82%- ,0 72%,. .9,80. '
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — ,j ¦ - . ;-. ¦ :
May ........ 8 82% 8 90 8 85 8 87%
July 8 07% 0 00 8 DO 8 87^
September -.8 97% 8 07% 8 00 8 97%
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Prices for colored Beans^re barely main
tained,' while, the white descriptions continue
depressed, with a downward tendency.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60;. small White, $2
02 40; large White, $2 10@2 35; Pea, $3 50©.
x 75;. Pink. $1 »0«2 10; Red, $2 50@2 75:
Blackeye. $4 50@4 60; Limas, $3 75@4; Red
Kidneys. $3 0O®4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50®2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Canary,
3V4c for Ka»tern: Alfalfa from Utah. 10H@Hc;
California. 10@10%c; Rape, l?i©2J4c; Hemp.
3iic Dcr lb. ' ••
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60®2; Green.' $1*00
Q2; Blackeye, nominal. v;
Beans and Seeds.
Morning Session.
150 Cal Wine Assn ........100 CO '
50 Hana Plantation Co 3 73
15 Oceanic S S Co 33 00
10 Paauhau S P Co. ...;.. : U 50
$5000 Market-st R R con 0s. ."...-.122 00
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s .13150
$1000 N P c R R 6s. .u. ".;,;;•.. 110 00
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s...... 107 '50
$2000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ity 6s.. 100 60
$3000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 3s.. 100 «2l-i
$4004 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s.. 100 73 ¦
(4000 Sacramento Eleo Gas Sc Ry 3a.. 100 37 Vi
$1UOU Sacramento Elec Gas & Ity 5a..l0u 25
- Street — • ¦.
5 Centra Costa Wateri....,....;;. 77 30
5 Spring Valley Water.. ..*.,..,... 93 23
PRODUCERS' Oil, EXCHANGE.
. . Morning Session* - ...
'.¦Caribou •¦•«•• • .... •*. .......... «. a Q0
20O Home ;.:».;.. 3 T3
23 Home ;... 3 $O
100 Occidental of W Va w
1000 Occidental of W Va, b 00.. 21
600 011 City Petroleum ............7.,- is
1000 Oil City Petroleum .: . . /' 17
1000 Petroleum Center ~..~.. n
200 Sovereign .'......;.....;......-...; 29
2700 Sterling .......; ¦ .... 1 45 <»
100 Sterling, a 90 .^ :.. 1 45 K
950 Sterling ' '...;.. 1 47 vsr*
100 Thirty-Three ...........:.......; 8 U&
MINIXO STOCKS:- ;.'/': f :
Following were the sales oil. the' San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
• '.'¦'' -.•¦¦ Morain™ Session. ¦.-:.*
500 Belcher -....'. 10J 800 Gould." & Cur C«
200 Caledonia .... 4O11000 Justice v.i. . OS
300 C C & Va,..l 351 ~'~\ ¦' f"~
Following were the sales on the Paclflc Stock
Exchange yesterday: 1
MornSnr Session.
,SW Belcher 1<>, 600 Justice ... ... 09
JOCO Belcher CO 400 Mexican ..... 4~\
200 Best A Belch. 20 600 Ophir . ' 07
200 Caledonia ... 41 200 Overman. .. . 17
200 Challenge Con lti • SCO Potosl . ., it*
600 Chollar 13 400 SlU-er 'Hill 4«
300 C C & Va...l .» 1200 Silver Hill it
500 Crown Point.. 03 200 Union Con ... 23
500 Gould & Cur. CS
... . . __:¦-"- : '. :'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS."!
¦¦ SATlTRrjAT. April 5—12 m. "^
Alpha ....... 02 0? rustlce ......" 08 10
Alta 05 CX Kentuck .... 01*
Andes 04 Oi Lady Wash.. 04
Belcher ..... CO 1C ilexlcan- . . ; . .. 45 49
Best & Belch. • 2R 27 Occidental ... 08 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophir .......100 105'
Caledonia 42 43 Overman .... 18 1*
Challenge Con 17 IS Potosi u i«
Chollar 12 l-'J Savage -03 04
Confidence (50 64 Scorpion . . " 04
C C & Va...l 30 1 40 S«g .Belcher.. 01 02
Con Imperial. . — 01 Sierra Nevada 25 2«
Ten New Tork Ol C2 Silver Hill... 47 4*
Crown Point. CS OljSt Louis . . . . " OB —
Eureka Con.. IS — Pyndicat« .,-.-; 06 — >
Exchequer... — 01 Union Con .'.. 25 2ft
Gould & Cur. 08 POJTJUn % . . 04 OS
Hale & Nor.. 23 25, Yellow Jacket 13 1#
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERM ' HOTEL.- '
H L Chllton A i>. Nev C W Condon Aw Cal
C W Short, Marysville Dr A. Emerson. I* -A '
C F Nvles. Mo J Banner &, w Iowa
E W Klnnaman." Mo W w Hunter " Iow»
J K Harper. Quincy L J Pnlleft &' w low*
a Courtney. Ohio J A Thuner. Fre'sno .
L O P.ick. Detroit F D James & w S r>
L R Conway. Oklahoma Mrs Holt. .Michigan
H McCUln, N Y (Mrs Nixon NT
J Walters. Detroit iW Devcre"& nr Val'o
H T Ames, Chicago ' y '
In the last thirty- three years J24Q.CO0.0CO
has been spent in this country upon an
Indian population of 180,000.
» ? » ¦
CAT.T, CAUSNDAK.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6«i
@6%c; 200 lbs and over, C%@tS%c; feeders.
6%®0%c; sows. 20 per cent oft; boars, 50 per
cent off, and stags 40 per cent off from the
above quotations. . .' , ¦ . y
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs.- $2*50©2 75 per
head or 6%@6o per lb llveweight; yearlings.
4%®5c per lb. .
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%®4c per
lb (gross weight).
"CALVES— 4%©5%c per lb (gross weight)
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, . less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle :
CATTLE — Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifsrj,
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. a '.
DRESSED MEATS
s Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealerj
are as follows: . - '
BEEF — 7®7%c for Steers and 607e per lb
for Cows. - ' •
VEAL— Large. 6@8%c; small. S%Q10c per
Wethers, 8%®9%c; Ewes, 838 %c
per pound.
LAMB — Yearlings, OfilOc per lb; Spring
Lamb. 11%@12%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%©9%c per In.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
f The situation remains the same. Beef is
steady, though the retail butchers have re
duced their prices to the public. Veal is scarce
and Lamb in . Increasing supply. of
Hogs ars light and prices are accordingly firm.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations for t everything stand as before,
and the situation shows . no change whatever.
BRAN — $16@16 50 per ton;
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@21 50 pel
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@2tt; Jobbing.
$2tS 50&-27 ; : Cccoanut Cake, $20©21; Corn Meal.
$29®29 50; Cracked Corn. $29 50igi30; Mixed
Feed $1G@17; Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAY— -Wheat, $9011 60; Wheat and Oat.
$S50@ll: Oat. $8(0 10 50; Alfalfa. $S@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50$S 50; Stock, $Gt£S
"straw— 40065c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
CHICAGO, April 5.— There was very little
desire- to do one . thing or the other In wheat.
Bearish conditions seemed to be in the ' major
ity, but the slight breaks experienced were met
with fair rallies. .At the outset cables were
lower, but the. crowd was talking of the sale
by an elevator of over 1,000,000 bushels of
cash wheat at Duluth and refusals of bids for
400,000 bushels more. This business was said
to have been done late yesterday and to' have
been the Incentive for the heavy early buying
in the previous session. On this factor May
opened rather firm, unchanged to ' %c up at
7o'5i@71%c. The crowd felt : very bearish and
the Missouri State crop report indicating that
the 5 per cent increaxe of- acreage In wheat
and a condition of 90 started lower prices. The
crowd was inclined to doubt the ' cash sale
story, but though May prices* sold off to 70%<g>
70%c a small demand occasioned a reaction
and May closed steady, a shade up at 70%©
71<L : - ' " - ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦
• liquidation of May deliveries by commission
houses and little support by the bull crowd
depressed prices In corn -Liverpool was weak.
May closed %c lower at 58%@5S%c.
Oats were dull. May " closed %c lower at
42%c. - ... ¦¦ . • . .
Provisions were dull much of the time, but
had an up- turn on the better hog. situation.
May pork, closed 7 %@10c up, lard 2%c higher
and ribs unchanged. . .
In nuts shelled almonds occupy the chief at
tention, and for Sicily there is considerable
firmness reported. Stocks are reported closely
held. Bari almonds are also firmer anO a
good movement in email lots is noted. Va
leneias are steady and Jordan* continue Fcarc«
end firm. More Interest is coted In filberts,
•with holders' ideas somewhat stronger. Brazil
nuts are quiet. A fair Jobbing trade is noted
:n walnuts." ¦
"In prunes the market to-day is quiet and
the demand fcr Email lots. For the largo fixes
in new fruit, 40-50s are held at from CV-c to
<jT*c in £5-lb boxes; 6tzes 00-COs, C0-70s" and
70-SOs show a steady range on the quoted basis
lcr new and old, but we hear of no important
tales. In the smaller sizes sellers' ideas in a
jobbing way are unchanged.
"For raitins there is noted a moderate de
mand, with loose S-crown grade held at 7c in
most quarters. Stocks are light. In seeded
no particular interest is observed and spllers'
ideas ranpe from S%c on choice and S%c on
fancy in 10-ounee cartons. Bulk Is steady. A
lalrly steady feeling: Is reported in Imported
\ clencia layers and prices are firm at ~V>e for
email lots. Apricots and peaches are In fair
request within the quoted range. Dates are
t-teady and fairly firm. Figs «show a good
interest and prices remain firm.
••Generally through the -list a moderate
business is noted, the movement continuing
chiefly in a email way on local and nesrby
Jobbing account. For currants the market is
lalrly steady, occasional business !n a rmall
way being heard of at 5c for fine Amalias un
cleaned in barrels. There is noted in seme
quarters inquiries here from the interior for
round lots, with, however, prospective buyers*
Ideas under those- of ec-llers. There is littlt if
tiny <JisiK>smon shown among holders to jneet
bids of 4vic, and in some quarters conflcUnce
is expressed that with the opening of 4ak»-and
rail navigation and the advantage of lower
ftelght rwtes to buyers, a revival of Interest in
the article will result. The primary market is
reported steady at prices above the parity of
epot cost to lay down.
Mail advices from New York say
Dried Fruits in Nkv York.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50@
8 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@S 50;
Oregon, $2 75^3 20 • per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' 1 ; .Washington Bakers',. $3
Q.$S60. . ¦ ' - .. , .
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are us fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream' do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, §4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35®9; In
sacks, $6 S5@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
Some changes in Hides will be observed. The
r.iftrket is quoted weak for salt?d and steady for
dry stock. City butchers are said to hold 20,-
OOli ealted Hides.
HIDES 'AND SKINS— Culls and. brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9<30%c; lleht, S®8%c;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 3@8%e for light;
Stags, 6c; Salted KipJ8@8%c; Salted Veal. 0@
9%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls,
14c ; Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and
Frands. 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c;
each ; short Wool, 354?60c each ; medium. 75®
00c; long Wool. 90<?g$l 10 eaoh; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75©3 for large and $2 25®2 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts; Hors*
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25® 1 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins
— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, -75c; large and smooth,
COc; medium, 35c. -
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%®6o per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 3@3%c.
,' WOOL — Spring Southern. 12 months. 0@10c;
do. 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill, 11® 13c per U>.
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%@13%c per
lb for good to choice, first hands.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — .. ' . , >May. July.
Opening ........;......., '5 10% 0 9%
Closing .....:;......... 5 10% - 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat — . .' . April. Sept. -Deo.
Opening ..............*..... 22 05 20 45
Cloning. 22 10 ' 2iJ 50
Flour — • . . . .
Opening ..26 75 i!f> 40
Closing 26 80 26 45
0^ 1 " 1^ 01 " 1 c'^s-rfngs for March amounted
to fl20.i9..935. making a total for the first
thre« months of the year of $314,881,079,
•gainst ?r63.322,25S for the same time in 1901.
Local bajpk clearings last week were $20,
103.77iS, against $20,701,254 for the same week
la*t year.
Bank Clearings.
Sales. High. I..OW. Close.
Atchlson 11.600 79 >,i 78% 78%
Atchlson pfd 2,500 98% OS itS~i%
Baltimore & Ohio... 3,'JOO 107% 106% 1C6%
Bait &. Ohio pfd... 2O0 90 96 05%
Canadian Paclflc... 800 113% 113% 113%
Canada Southern 87%
Chesa & Ohio 1,000 4C% 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton. . . 1,300 30% 36 86%
Chic & Alton pfd.. 100 76% 76% 76
C. Ind & Louis.... 3,100 66% 65% 05%
C. Ind & Ipuis pfd 100 78 .78 77%
Chic & E Illinois. . 200-157 156% 155%
Chic & Great West 200 24% 24% 24%
C & G West A pfd 100 88 88 67%
C & G West B pfd ...... 4C
Chic & North 300 2S9% 239 2?0%
C, R I & Pac 200 178% 177% ,177%
Chic Term & Trans 300 .19 19 18
C Term & Tran pfd 600 35% 35% 85%
CCC&8tLous.. 100 103 103 101%
Colo Southern 1.000 28%. 28% 28%
Colo South 1st pfd 200 70% 72% 72
Colo South 2d pfd. . 2,000 45% 44% 44%
Dela & Hudson... 100 172 172 172
Dels., Lacka & W. . 500 290 290 2S5 "
Denver & R G 42%
Denver & R G pfd 01
Erie .9,300 37% 37% 37%
Erie, 1st pfd..:.... 1,400 C8% , 68% 08%
Erie 2d pfd 1,100 54% 64% C4
Great Northern pfd v 185
Hocking Valley 3.700 83 81% 82%
Hocking Valley pfd 800 92 91% 91%
Illinois Central 8.5OO 144% 143% .143%
Iowa Central 700 50 49% 49%
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 86 85% 85%
Lake Erie & West 300 C9 69 C8%
Lake Erie & W pfd ..... 13C
Louisville & Naeh. 42,800 109% 108% 109%
•Manhattan L 5.400 184% 133% 133%
Metropolitan St Ry 2,400 163% 164% 164%
Mexican Central... 500 80 80 30
Mexican National;- 2,500 19% 19% 19%
Minn & St Louis.: 400 109% 109% 100%
Missouri Paclflc... 3,700 101% 101 101%
Missouri, K & Tex . ..... 24%
M, K & Tex pfd.. COO K>% G3% 64%
New Jersey Central '.:... 192
New York Central. 1,400 104%- 1C3% JG3%
Norfolk & Western 2,600 67% 50% 57%
Norfolk & W pfd '90--
Ontarlo & Western 1,900 33%. 83 33%
Pennsylvania .'.... 15,100 151% 150% 101
Reading 13,700 58 67% 67%
Heading 1st pfd... 300 62% "82% *-2.J4
Reading 2d pfd.;.. 3,700 08% 08% C&%
St Louis & S F B00 71% 71% 71%
S L VS *" let pfd : ..." 83%
S L & S F 24 pfd. 400 75% 75 75
St L Southwest.... 300 28 27% 27
S L Southwest pfd 000 60 i9% 59%
St Paul. 37.300 171 169% 160%
Bt Paul pfd 200 184% J03 1H2%
Southern Pacific S.400 . C0% 65% 00%
Southern Railway. 35.100 33% 32% 3:1^4
6outhern Ry pfd.-. 7,000 J>5% 04% -''05
Texas & Pacific... «,400 '41% 41% 41%
Toledo, S L & W 000 22% - 22 . 21%
•T 8 L & W pfd:. 400 39% ' J5'J • 59
Union Pacific 21,700 103 102% J02%
Union Pacific pfd.. 800 88% 88 '88
Wabash .«00 23% 23% S3%
Wabash pfd 900 43%% 43 • 43
Wheeling & L E.. ...... ...... 19%
Wheel & I- E 24 pf . ..;..... 31%
Wisconsin Central.. 700 24% . 24 ¦ 24
Wisconsin Cent pfd 800, 40%" 40% -40
Express companies —
Adams .... ...: 135
American .... 22G
United States . ' .100 ; 120 117* ll'J .
WeMe-Farif o • 100 202 % 202 % 200
Miscellaneous — • ...¦'¦-
Amalgamated Cop." 7.100 65 Ji 64% 64%
Am Oar & Foundry .6,600 29% -29% 29%
Am Car & Foun pf .... OOJ*
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
to requirements growing out of labor troubles
in the coal fields. * •
The activity in the stock market gave warn
ing of a probable Increase In the Joan account
of the banks. The net result is a cutting down
of the surplus by ., two-thirds. Gold exports
are considered probable next week. The pass-
Ing of April settlements has resulted In only
a moderate growth of speculative interest ' In
stocks. In spite of the efforts of professional
operators to attract an outside following by ma
nipulatior of prices. The most conspicuous
price movements of the week have been at
tributed almost entirely to such manipulation.
The sudden spurt after the mlddle-of-the-week
In the Grangers and Pacifies gave rUe^to some
conjectures of Important developments under
cover, but nothing came to the public knowl
edge to explain it. The supposition Is general
that the clement which has been active in the
market is made up of Western men, who are
conducting parallel operations in the grain
market. There was evidence of a shltt during
the week by speculators from the long to the
short side ip grain and from the short to the
long side in stocks. There have been operations
also by professional pools in many of the minor
railroads, apparently on the general asEump
. Uoa that the minor systems will ultimately
be sought for absorption by the great systems,
or for consolidation into new competing sys
tems. Obscure industrial, stocks have contin
ued to spring into sudden activity from time to
time without special explanation, or on reports
which fali of confirmation. Relapses In prices
as sudden as the advances thereon follow. These
various symptoms go to show that the great
banking and financial interests of the country,
whose operations formed the backbone of last
year's great markets, are still holding aloot.
These interests are supposed to ' hold vast
amounts of securities, the products of last
year's combination projects, which are destined
for ultimate distribution to the public. Their
abstention from the stock market .operations is
supposedly due to their conviction that the prco
ent attitude of investors toward securities is
not favorable to their distribution. Attention
of the speculative public has reverted to UiS
situation in the Northwestern and transconti
nental railroad field by reason of the testimony
elicited from the principals in the great con
test of last year in a lawsuit. The ostentatious
willingness of these principals to tell all they
r.-cre asked to In a railway suit of minor im
portance lt&elf made an impression on the fin
ancial world. The deduction is that a policy
of conciliation of public opinion is consider^
desirable by capitalists. The same impression
is created by the action taken by counsel for
the railroad!' in the Government's suits fcr in
junctions araitiEt secret - rebates, and cutting
of freight rates. The acceptance of injunctions
without demur and the protestation by railroad
officials of their willingness to have published
rates enforced are taken as evidence of a de
sire to have a legal status fixed for the exist
ing order of things, as against the contingency
of new measures of coercion and regulation.
There le evident solicitude in railroad circles
over the pronouncement of one of the Inter
ttale Ccramerce Commissioners that "you can
not have competition and you must put some
thing in the place of it." All of the testimony
of the principals in the Northern Securities
Company was directed to convey the assurance
that competition is not interfered with in that
organization. • It is perceptible that these as
surances have created some apprehension In the
financial world and that the unity of control of
purpose in transcontinental railroad .aftaJra
was, in fact, not eo far perfected by last year's
huge projects as was at first supposed '.a the
speculative excitement then prevailing; No
treaty provision is revealed which -will guard
against the competition of extensions by other
lines in the transcontinental territory in ac
cordance with their manifest destiny. The
capital increase by Rock Island, and the pass
age of control of minor railroad systems in the
territory concerned are looked upon as evidence
of projects oC extension which necessarily will
be followed by other systems. In the Eastern
territory the intention of the Gould system to
secure an Eastern coast outlet Is accepted .as a
fact, and the alleged friendly acquiesence of the
rival trunk lines is not believed by the Wall
street public. This represents a very different
state of affairs from the supposed comprehen
sive community of interest among railroad own
ers which" was commonly credited during the
two million chares daily transactions on the
Stock Kxchange during the boom last year.
The future of the money market seems to
rest largely on the future requirements of for
eign money markets for the satisfaction of the
British Government loan and other Government
operations for which it is expected gold will
have to be sent from New York. The questions
of the crops and of important labor settlements,
remain to be settled and must be looked to as
Important influences upon the stock market..
There has been an increased -demand for
bonds and prices have generally Improved.
United States 3s coupon advanced %, as com
pared with last week's call price.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 01% — OeSSCoJi.- 101
Bay CPC 6s.l07% — Ombus C 6s. — —
Cal-st 5s H7 119 Pac G Im 4s. 9G9s —
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk4 C J% 6s. 107 —
Ed LAP 6s. — ,_ Pkfii O R Us. 117 120 "
Fer&C H 6s. — .— I PwI-sMl 6b. 117 —
Geary-St 6s. — Sao EGR- 5s.l00%100%
H C&S 3%s. — — SF & SJVSs.121% —
Do 6s.... ,97 — Sierra Cal8s. 111% —
L Ans R 5s.ll8%UJ> . S P of A 6s ¦
L A L Cd 6s. — ¦— - (1900) 113% —
Do ctd 6s. — _ (1910) ....111% _
Do gtd 5s. — 103% <190C)Sr A.lOtJ 1M%
LA & P 5s. 102% — (lOC3)Sr B.107% —
Do lcra 5s.l00 — ' (1906)* "— 100%
Mkt-st C 6s. — ' 130 " (1912> »...119%121
xr 1^ 1 m 5 s - .~ 1ZiVl S P of C 1st
N R of C 6s. 112 — c.gntd 5s..l20 —
Do 5s 121%— Do stmpd.111% —
N Pac C 5s. 109% — SP Br CalSs.133 — '.,
N R Cal 6s. 111% — 3 V Wat 6s. — 111%
Oak Gas 5a. — 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 103"4
Oak Trn Cs..I2a% — Do 4s 3dm.l02% —
Do 1st cos. 113 — Stkn G&ECs.lOS 10*
Oak W G 5s. — 1C4
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77 78 I Port Cesta.. 63% 86
Marln Co 60 — |Sprln« Val.. 93% 03%
GAS AND ELECTRIC..-
Cent L, & P. 2% — Pac L!ght .: 45 —
Eqt,G L Co. 3% 3% Sao E G&R. 29% —
Mutual .... — 4% S F G Ai E.. 43 43%
O G-L A H. M% .1* 3 F G L Co.^5% «
Pac G Imp.. 37 39 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE. . ; £?&
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 /
BANKS. f '
Anglo-Cal .. S9 90% L P A A.... — —
California ..425 — Mer Fx (liq) 13% —
Cal Safe Dp.117% — S F Nationl.140 —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS- BANKS. - .
German ...2000 — Sav A Loan. — ICO
Humboldt . . — — Security 8*r — ¦ 840
Mutual Sav. 80 87% Union' Trust 1320 —
S F Sav U..B20 —I ¦-. •.. .: !
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..163 — I Market :... v .100 —
Geary — 60 | Presidio ..'.'.: 30 —
POWDER. - . .¦' : ._
Giant 79% — /Vigortt — 4
SUGAR. . — '.:
Hana 3% 4- :Kilauea . ... — 9%
Hawaiian ..33 — . Makawell ... 22% 23>4
Honokaa ... 10% 11*1 Onomea .... 23 —
Hutchinson .12 — [Paauhau ... 11% 12
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P^ick-ltll Hil^i Pac A F A.. 2% 3"4
Cal Fruit As.103%104 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 99 T A100 iPar Paint ..18 —
Oceanic S Co 34% 35% I
COTTOLENE — On* half -barrel. 9%c; thre«
half-barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb 4
, LARD — Tierces quoted at S 88 Vic per lb for
compound* and- ll%e for -pure; halt barrels,
pure, 11% c: 10-lb tins, 12c; 6-lb tins. 12% 3;
5-lb tins. 12% c. ¦ •
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy* 13c for : light .medium, 14c for light.
15c for extra Jight and 15%c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c; California
Hams, 12%@13c: Mees Beef. $9@9 50 per bar
rel: extra Mess. $10@10 50: Family, $11@11 60;
prime Mess Pork. $16; extra clear. $22 50@23:
Mess, $1S 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%®14c per lb.
Chicago, was steady for Lard and Ribs and
rather higher for Pork., The cash demand was
dull and prices were maintained by the expec
tation that the current- large receipts of Hog3
would soon decrease. The vorame of trade was
smaller, with more selling than buying.
The San Francisco market was dull and
featureless. .
Provisions.
Batik clearings show the usual gain over the preceding year.
Quicksilver in good supply and weaker. ¦
Wheat and Barley fractionally lower.
Oats and Rye dull. Rather more tone in Corn.
Hay and Fccdstuifs as before quoted.
Beans quiet, with whites still depressed.
Butter, Cheese, and Eggs in good supply and unchanged, , ~ ;
No further variation in Dried Fruits.
Provisions dull and featureless.
Hides show a few narrow fluctuations.
Meats about as before quoted. 1-* -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables steady.
Poultry and Game cleaned up well.
All grades of Oranges in moderate supply and firm.
Apples in ample supply and unchanged.
SUMMARY OF THE' MARKETS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . United Fruit . . .102
Call loans* 4 @r, Westlnghse com.. US
Time loans 4%(45 Mlninz —
Bonds — Adventure ...... 22
Atcbison 4g 103 Allouez 3%
Gas Ists . .... 8T Amalgamated ... 64%
Mexican Cen 4s... 83 Baltic 57%
Railroads — Bingham ... 28
Atchlson ... 78% Calumet & Hecla.600
Do pfd ........ 9S Centennial 21%
Boston & Albany. 204% Copper Range ... 57U
Boston & Maine. 194% Daly West 39
Boston Elevated.. 168% Franklin ... .... 12%
N Y N H & H...21» Isle Royale 10%
litchburg pfd ...147% Mohawk 35%
Union Paclflc 102 Osceola 62'
Mexican Central • 30 Parrot 2S'.4
Miscellaneous — . Quincy 125
American Sugar.. 131% Santa Fe Copper. 3
Do pfd 110% Tamarack ... ...175-
Amer Tel & Tel.. 181% Trlmountaln 100
Oom Iron & Steel. <W% Trinity ... 14%
Seneral Electric. .325 United States ... 18%
tints Electric ... 39% Utah 22%
Do pfd 96% Victoria 5%
N E Gas & Coke. 0 Wlnona ..... 1%.
U S Steel".. 42 Wolverine 64
Do pfd ..94
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. ' :~/r
Con for money. '.. ; 94% M K & Texas... 25%
Con for account.94 7-16 Do pfd 55%
Anaconda 6% N Y Central ....169%
Atchlson " 80% Norf & West.... 68
I Do pfd k ..100% Do pfd .... 92U
Bait & Ohio 109% Ontario & "West.. 33% I
Canadian Pacific. 119% Southern Ry .... 33% \
Chesa & Ohio.. .47% Do pfd ...;.... 76%
Chicago G W.... 24% Southern Pacific. 67%
C M & St Paul.. 174% Union Pacific ....105%
Denver t R G... 44% Do pfd 00%
Do pfd 94 US Steel ....... 43*4
Erie ... 38Vi Do pfd 96%
Do 1st pfd .... 70% Wabash ... ..... 24
Do 2d Pfd ..... K$% Do pfd 44>4 I
Illinois Central... 146% Spanish 4s ... ...>7S%
Louis & Nash 110% I
Bar silver, steady, 24%d per ounce. Money, i
2@2% ner cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 11
Alice 45 Ontario .....8^5
Breecc 00 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con ... 11 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel.- 05 Potosl 12
Con Cal & . . 1 25 Savage .' 05
Deadwood Terra ,. . 50 1 Sierra Nerada .... 18
Horn Silver.. .....1 40 Small Hopes ...... 45
Iron Silver 76'standard 3 43
Leadvllle Con 05| * -
MINING STOCKS.
Am Linseed Oil 900 25% 24% 24%
Am LlnEeed OU pf . 300" '54% 64 63%
Am Smelt & Refln. 400 47% 47% 47
Am Smelt & R-pfd .... »7%
Am Locomotive.... 1,000 31% 31 31%
Am Locomotive pf. ..... .... .... 92*4
AnaccntJa Min Co. 1.300 115 • 113% 113%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 3.100 66% C3% 65%i
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 9,100 101% 100% 101}4,
Concolidated Gas... 1,100 220% 226 226%
Continental Tob pfd ..." .... 118%
General Electric... 2,200 320 324% 324
Hocking Coal 1.700 23 22% 2Z%
International Paper . 300 21% 21% 21%
Intirnatlonal P pfd 74%
International Powr 200 08 98 07%
Kansas City South. 700 24 23% £3
Kan City South pf 4.400 57% 56% ~66%
Laclede . Gas , . . . . • 00
National Biscuit... 700 51% 51 51%
National L^ad 100- 18% 18% 18%
North American.... 900 125% 125% 125%
Pacific Coast .... . 71 .
Pacific Mail 400 43% 42% 42%
People's Gas....... 700 103% 103 103%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 ,41% 41% 41%
Prcped Steel. C pfd ; 400 84% 84% 84 Vi
Pullman Pal Car.. ..... .... .... 236
Republic Steel .... 400 1S% 18 18
Republic Steel pfd. ...:. ..;! .... 73%
Euear 6,100 131% 130% 131%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2,000 70% 69% 70. >
Union Bag & P Co. 100 18 IS . 17%
Union Bag & P pfd ¦ 400 85 84 83%
U b Leather. ...... 400 13% 13% 13%
u S Rubber . 10 U
U S Rubber pfd... 100 69 09. 59
U § Steel 2,500 42% 42 42
US Steel pfd 2,000 94% 94% 94%
Western Union ... 100 90% 90% 90%
Total sales..... 384, 500
CLOSING BONDS.
US ref 2s reg...lO9^ L & N unl 4s/.. ..102%
.Do coup 109 Mex Central 4s... 84%
US 3s reg 108% Do 1st inc. .... 33%
Do coup ...... .i00)J Minn & St L 4s. .101%
US new 4s reg. ..139 M K & T 4s .100%
-Do coup 130% Do 2nds 83%
US old 4s reg... Ill n Y Central lsts.104
TT Do coup in Do gen 3%s...lO8-,
US 5s reg 106 N J Central g 5s. .140
Do coup 106 Nor Pacific 4s. . . .105%
Atch gen 4s 103% Do 3s 74%
Do adj 4s 94% Nor & W con 4s. 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Read gen 4s..... 99%
Do 3%s 96% S L &I M con 5s. 117
Do conv ,4s. ....108% S L & S F 4s. ..101
Can So 2nds. v ..108% St LSW lsts....lOO%
Cent of Ga 5s.... Ill Do 2nds 81%
Do 1st lnc 79% S A & A P 4s.... 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l08% So Pacific 4s... 1. 94%
Chi & Alton 3%a. 84% So Railway 5s..!. 122%
C B & Q new 4s. 96% Tex & Pac Ists...l21
C M & St P g 4s. 110% T St L & W 4s;.. -S3
C & NW con 7s.. 139% Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
£ £i & P 4s.... 112% Do conv 4s..... 107%
C CC& SLg4s.lO3% Wabash Ists 120
Chi Term 4s. ..... 88% Do 2nds ...... .110
Colo So 4s 94% Do deb B 76
Den & R G 4s.... 103% West Shore 4s... 112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% W & L E 4s..... 81%
Do gen 4s 87% WIs Central 4s... 92
F W & D C Ists. 112% Con Tob- 4s. ...... 66%
Hocking Val 4 %s. 110 \
. CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session- 1 -!) :15 o'clock— No sales."
¦ Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, ¦ 7794c.
¦ Regular Morning Session — December-^-4000
ctls. 78o. .« --.¦." '. • . ' ; .
OATK — Are dull and unchanged. Grays,
$1 S0@l 40: whites, $1 30@l 45; Surprise, $1 40
if/il 45; black. $1 12%@1 3214; red, $1 30©
1 42% ter ctl. • ¦' - ¦
' CORN — There ; is less on the market ; and
rather more call for the goods, which imparts
more tone to the situation. Prices, however,
remain as before. 1
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 42%; small round do,
$1 35®1 47% -.-white. $1 40@l 60 per ctl. -
RYE— 92%@95c per Ctl.- :
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted " at $1 65@1 75 per
ctl.' ¦ ¦ - •.¦•-. . • -- . •>•¦•.
Informal' Session— fr:15 o'clock— May — 2000
ctls." $108: 2000; $107%; 4000. $107%; Decem
ber—24,000, 51 07.. . .. .
•Second Session — Mfiy— 2000 ctls, $1 07%;
oooo, $1O7H: December— lO.ooo, $i oevi- "
Regular. Morning Session— May — 16,000 ¦ ctls,
$107%; December— 4000, --$106%; 2000,
$1 00%; 24,000, fl 06%; 32,000, $1 0tt»4. v
BARLEY — The market weakened off in sym
pathy, with futures, and there was less call
for Feed. " • ¦ \ • r - .
Feed, 96%c for No. 1 and 93%@95cifor oft
grades; brewing . and shipping grades, 97%c@
$1; Chevalier, *1@1 20.
CALL BOARD SALES
...WHEAT— Liverpool futures ; were lower, but
Paris ¦ futures were about tlie same. The Eng
lish spot , markets , were easy. '¦--'
Chicago' remained about the same, being
quiet.'; j was still light, with " oper
ators .'bearish and some short covering. .'. There
were 1,500,000 bushels taken at Chicago, and
Duluth 'On Friday for. 'export. ¦; The. Missouri
State report gave the condition' of that > crop
April 1 , at ; 90, • on largely Increased acreage.
Bradstreet's gave the exports from the United
States from July 1 to date at 198,840.000 bush
els,' an increase- of 42,947,000 over the year be
fore, with good reports from the winter wheat
crop.. '" :..** .'•/. ..•'¦:.;•:¦
. In this' market both cash and future prices
were weaker, with not much ".going on, though
it? is reported that the shippers are In need of
supplies, with country holders unwilling to
let go. .• ••-.--..-¦.".- „ • ¦ -
« Spot Wheat— Shipping". $1 10; milling. $1 12%
@1 13%, per ctl. ¦¦;¦; , ,
Wheat and Oth er Gra ins.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Sterling . Cables . .". . ... .... . . .'. .V "^h ¦ 4 89%
New^York Exchange, j sight:.... •—,. • 12Vj
New (York Exchange, telegraphic ' — - ¦? >13 ,
Silver, per ounce. . ;.', . . . . . .. ; ,V< — ¦. ' ol \
Mexican ; Dollars, ' nominal .:...'.¦ — ¦ •' . | 43 H
O ; DRIED FRUITS. .,:•,;'
' Business In' evaporated apples was still very
light, both for Jobbing and export trade. The
feeling was easier. Prices unchanged. State,
common to good, 7@7%e; : prime, 9@9^c,
choice. O^i® 10c; fancy, 10%@llc.
In prunes - there • was noted . a better move
ment, with prices, firm on quoted basis. • ¦
Apricots "aUo ln : better demand for jobbing
account and firm." • " .^ ¦ • .
Peaches not active, but steadily held. ¦ .
PRUNES — 3%&7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 11%@
12%c. • .-. '¦ -
PiSACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
Bota bakers; $2 90@3 20. ¦ ~'~ • ¦ . - ¦"
WHEAT— Receipts, i24,375y bushels; exports,
15.9US bu»>hels. .Sales, 1,215,000 bushels futures,
40.000 bushels .spot. Spot, •¦¦ steady; No. 2 red,
62^0 elevator; No. 2'red,'76%cf. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80%c f. o. b. afloat;
No.;l hard _Manltoba, 83%c -f. o.. b. afloat.
Opened steady .and ruled firm during the fore
noon, generally weir sustained* on local 1 , cover
ing and strength In the Nortliwest, in the face
of bearish crop: news.. "The close was steady
at unchanged prices.' May,- 76%Q>77 3-16c,
closed "(i^c; July,. 76%@77Vgc, closed 77c;
September, 70>4(a;7aific, closed 76%c; Decem
ber, 77% @78c, closed 78c. .;. ..•
HOPS — Firm; State, common to choice, ; 1901
crop, 15@10c; .1900 crop, 13(!I14c; old,' 4@6c;
Pacific Coast, 1001 crop, 15@16^c; 1900 crop,
13#14c: old, 4@6c. ' • ', -- ¦ •
HIDES — Quiet; California, 19c.
WOOL — Steady; domestic fleece, 20@>29c. ¦ -;
COFFEE— Spot, -Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice.
5?4c; mild, quiet; Cordova. &/i@\2c.
Coffee futures . closed quiet, net unchanged
to five points lower. Total • sales only 4500
bags,- Including May. 5.35c; September, 5.75c;
December, '5.05c; March, 8.10c. \ •
SUGAR — Raw, weak; fair refining. 3 l-16c;
centrifugal,' 9tS test; 3 9-16c; molasses sugar,
2 13-lOc. Reflned. steady; No. 0. 4.23c; No. 7,
4.1Dc; No. 8. 4.03c: No. 0, 4c; No.- 10, 3.95c;
No. 11, 3.90c; No. 12, 3.81)0; No. 13, 3.85c; No.
14, 3.85c; standard A, 4.60c; confectioners' A,'
4.C0c; mold A, 5.15c; cut loaf, 5.30c; crushed,
6. SOc; powdered, 4.90c; granulated, 4.80c;
cubes, 5.15c. , . -^~>— -
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling. Bxchange. 60 days...'.. - — - ' $4 SOU
Sterling Cables, sight. ......... — » 4 88 ?i
THE SAN FEANGJISCO CALL, SU^AY^HAPRIL 6,f 1902.
Foreign Futures.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
. NEW/ YORK. April 5— FLOUR— Receipts,'
17.C00 barrels;. exports, 12,349 barrels; in
active and barely steady. Winter patents. $3 00
4#4,15; winter. straights,'- $3 70®3 83; winter cx
tiae, *3 10(ff3 30;; winter;, low- grades.' $2 00©
3 10: Minnesota , patents, J ; $3 75<^3 90;'Mlnne-
WASHINGTON, April . 5.— To-day's' state
ment of the -treasury "*>alances shows:,' Avail
able cash. . balance, $179,467,743; gold, $00 -
054,222. .
Condition of the Treasury
35
crop. All Interests agree- that the new out
put wlircome In on a bare market."' ~
> FRUITS — Apricots., U© lie-tor Royals and
10@13cr for*- standard "' to ifancy ..Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8®0c; sun dried. 5c:
Peaches, ,«tt®8Hc: Pears, f®0c; Plumv pitted.
B©Cc; uBpltted. l%Q2%c; Nectarines,' 5>4®ttc
for.; red. and 5^a@(ic for white; fl£s,'i 4%c for
black and 0%@«c for white. -._•. -*>.¦-.:,-'¦
PRUNESr-lwOi crop : are • quoted - : ai; follows :
80-40's. 6V*@0%c; 40-50's, 6@5 1 / icr50-C0's. 4H
©4?ic: 60-70's, 4@4%c: 70-80'S, 3&@3%C; 80
90's, 3@3%c; Do-loo's, 2%®2%e per ID.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crownr Sc; 2-crown, 6&
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, «V4c for 4-crown and
6'/ic for; seedless; 3rcrown, «c;:.X-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultana». G l ,ic for unbleached and 7®
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $;S; D,e
hesa, $2 r.0; Fancy. $1 50: London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. -
NUTS — Walnuts, No.. 1 - softshell. OytfllOc;
No. 2. 8©SVic: No. 1 hardshell. 0c: No. "2, 7c;
Almonds, 10Vs@12c for. papershell, 9@10c for
60ftshell and ti<!J7c for hardshejl; Peanuts. 5@7c
for Eastern -Brazil Nuts. 12®12^4c: Filberts
12@12%c: Pecans," ll@l."c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb,. ll@12c for bright and 9311c
for light amber: water white extracted. 5©
Cc: light amber extracted, 4® 3c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27H«29c per 1b. .
Bonds continue to lead In point of dams nd
on the Stock and Bond Exchange, while stocks
are quiet. The 5 per cents of thr Sacramento
Klectrlc Gas and R. R. Co.' sold brlsklv yes
terday at $100 25.3100 75. being. the feature of
the session.' California' Wine sold at $100 and
Oceanic ! Steamship at $35. Pacific • LIs>.Unj
-was ex-dlvidend of 35c.
.'.The oil stocks continued somewhat interest
ing.'-Petroleum Center making; a^ further ad
vance to 14c, ' but under, greatly diminished,
sales. The active stock was Sterling, several
thousand sharc3 selling at $1 43*31 471J. The
"other • stocks were ' qu?et/ The American Boy
assessment . fell . delinquent In . the ' board and
the ,; American 1 Girl ..delinquent sale' took place.
,: Tfce following quotations for the. Unjtad Rail
ways of San - Francisco *were;recelvf(J -yester
day, from New'. York; by. Bolton, de P.uyttr &
Co.: Common' stock, ,?23 73C24 12 Vi: fre
-f erred, $82©62 37%: 4 per cent bonds. $33 50®
JO: subscriptions. ?101"T5©102. • -¦-- - 0
'-• Sales ' on ' the QJI • Exchange last weefc were
142.599 shares,- valued at' $38, 19o, the leading
sales being as follows:- Bear' Flag. 45OO shares;
Four, .:1000; " Home," 1075; Independence. . yoix>;
-Junction. 6300: Petroleum Center, ' 81,875; Su
perior. ISOOV Lion. 2000;- Oil ; City; "2000; ; Sov
ereign, 3750; Reed, 1000: Occidental, SOOo:
Sterling; 23,175. i :" ¦''¦"'¦ ''"•'¦'¦' , • .,
* <leorge>F.- Bowman. 'One of the'eharter num
bers of the Stock and Bond Exchange, -wlio re
1 cently ' Sold • his 1 , seat tq iEred./ S. • Knight." was
yesterday presented with an elegant, lovinsr, -cup
by his lWe. fellow-members. ; The presentation
.rpeechwo'3'made"by President PoUlU., .
STOCK AND 'BOND EXCHANGE.
¦'¦"Saturday; April "5-7-12 m.
', ";¦ .' ; UWTED 6TATE3" :fiOJ*Da.\ ". i
¦ •¦ Bid. Ask. - A ¦"*.¦ • " :r-'Bld.A«k.
4s qr coup.. lit '112 ¦ 4s qr c Cnew)lS^lsy«
4s Qr res.... Ill 111 la 3s qr coup. ..1OUJ111O
ETATIONa
I
2 2
3 3 3 3
•E »
? ?
O
• o
• *%
m
» *
n
3
5
o
B
Astoria 29.94
Baker £3.98
Carson 29.82
Eureka 29. »6
Fresno 29.96
Flagstaff 29.78
Pocatello, Ida. 80.00
Indeper.dence..2».eo
Lo6 Angeles... 30. 00
Phoenix 29.74
Portland 23.04
Red Bluff SO. 02
Jtoseberg 2S.90
Sacramento 30.02
Gait Lake 20.82
Kan Francisco.30.02
S. L. Obispo...30.04
San Diero 29.08
Seattle 29.34
Spokane 30.02
Keah Bay 29.02 !
*\Valla Walla. .29.S6
TVlnnemucca. .30.02
Tuna 29.76
62 42 BW Rain
S4 36 BE Cloudy
50 38 E Clear
64 50 S Cloudy
70 M N Clear
04 SO BW Pt Cldy
62 30 S Cloudy
72 40 BW Pt Cldy
GH 48 W Cloudy
M M W Pt Cldy
60 <2 SE Rain
C4 £2 SE Cloudy
C2 40 SW Cloudy
64 64 SE Pt Cldy
BS 44' X Cloudy
64 64 W Cloudy
6C 48 W Pt Cldy
C4 C2 NW Pt Cldy
60 80 N Pt Cldy -
68 36 SW Clear
60 38 6E Cloudy
64 40 N'W Pt Cldy
60 40 SW Rain
82 64 W Clear
.04
.00
.00
.01
- T.
.00
T.
.00
.00
.00
.04
.06
.06
.OH
.00
.05
.00
.00
- T.
.00
!66
T.
.00
April, 1S02.
,S.|M,IT,|W,J,T. |T. ).8.\ Mgoq-gPhasea
1 f 2 I 3 | 4 | S- j&*\«*vMoen.
— - _; - i ¦ OavtU -S. '
i3_ j4_|]nr -SMEiS
2O 21 j 22 _2.t 1 a-tJ'M [ . VAV» 23. ¦
ETATIONa
I
2 2
3 3 3 3
•E »
? ?
O
• o
• *%
m
» *
n
3
5
o
B
Astoria 29.94
Baker £3.98
Carson 29.82
Eureka 29. »6
Fresno 29.96
Flagstaff 29.78
Pocatello, Ida. 80.00
Indeper.dence..2».eo
Lo6 Angeles... 30. 00
Phoenix 29.74
Portland 23.04
Red Bluff SO. 02
Jtoseberg 2S.90
Sacramento 30.02
Gait Lake 20.82
Kan Francisco.30.02
S. L. Obispo...30.04
San Diero 29.08
Seattle 29.34
Spokane 30.02
Keah Bay 29.02 !
*\Valla Walla. .29.S6
TVlnnemucca. .30.02
Tuna 29.76
62 42 BW Rain
S4 36 BE Cloudy
50 38 E Clear
64 50 S Cloudy
70 M N Clear
04 SO BW Pt Cldy
62 30 S Cloudy
72 40 BW Pt Cldy
GH 48 W Cloudy
M M W Pt Cldy
60 <2 SE Rain
C4 £2 SE Cloudy
C2 40 SW Cloudy
64 64 SE Pt Cldy
BS 44' X Cloudy
64 64 W Cloudy
6C 48 W Pt Cldy
C4 C2 NW Pt Cldy
60 80 N Pt Cldy -
68 36 SW Clear
60 38 6E Cloudy
64 40 N'W Pt Cldy
60 40 SW Rain
82 64 W Clear
.04
.00
.00
.01
- T.
.00
T.
.00
.00
.00
.04
.06
.06
.OH
.00
.05
.00
.00
- T.
.00
!66
T.
.00
April, 1S02.
,S.|M,IT,|W,J,T. |T. ).8.\ Mgoq-gPhasea
1 f 2 I 3 | 4 | S- j&*\«*vMoen.
— - _; - i ¦ OavtU -S. '
i3_ j4_|]nr -SMEiS
2O 21 j 22 _2.t 1 a-tJ'M [ . VAV» 23. ¦
Ne> Man Too Rith-.
No" Maru:Too Poor"
To hold shares In'Tacoma. Company
. Steel 1 ¦ Corporation.'- - .Better- .than
bond?, better than mortgages, bet-
ter than real estate, - better -, than
bank account. Properties . .worth
M.O0Q,C0O and advancing. Control
iron and " steel ; .business ; of - tin
Northwest.- Shrewd lnvestora' buy-
ing shares co-w In beglnntngr of ithe
. enterprise; . Values . will quadruple
-In- a, year. . Dividends In January.
Prices udvance April 35th» ; ReaU
prospectus. ;. T<" 'phone^Ma^ln 5T03.
Tha fmariian Guarautj & Trost Go.,
CAPITAL PROCURED
Stock Companies Organised. . Stocks
.. ' I. <and Bonds Bold.
MERITORIOUS ENTERPRISES FINANCED.
,"-'? '¦'"' MBROADWAT. N. '.'-T."*'*-'
¦ KaUbUshed 13SA.
AUCTION SALES;
TWO HUNDRED MULES fronVS to 15 years;
old, weighing from ICO'i to- 1300 'pounds. Must
be sound and In good working order.- Parties
with two or more for sale kindly address
* -lV^//. HORD. $
/73a MARKET STftEET. S. P. '
CARLOAO of. . broken . saddle, driving and,
work, horses consigned by .Clarke & Cox.
Rch '>"' Sa * ralnftat0 - < FRED H.- CHASii
& CO.. 173J Market sC>. -I - -
J HSI^ ARR1VKD. ¦ carload of th»" TINE8T
WORK. CARRIAGTE and DRIVING HORSEi
•y«J brought to this market, weights from
lloO to 1500. all souad and broken. .- SANTA
CLARA MILK CO. . T21-72S Howard »tr»>t.THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUISTDAY,; APRIL- 6, 1902.
36
'HELP \VA3rrEP— 'FE'WA'C.E^— C— «_:
EXPERIENCED operators on ai)U and negli-
gee shirt-fronts; highest prices paid- D. c
HEGER. 723 Market St. ' - - ¦--'-'
100 GIRLS wanted to learn to operate In fac-
tory :_ paid while learning. C56 Mission st-.
third floor." ..-; -•' . -- .'
WANTED— Refined lady with $50 to make $90
monthly; write to-day. Box 4679. Call of see.
WANTED— Immediately, a first-class trimmer
for millinery: give reference. : Address «M
Parrott building. ' .
WANTED— Experienced glove saleswoman and
a lace saleswoman. Apply between 8 and
I'll i. m.. at Hale Bros.*
WANTED— Girt to work on light leather goods;
no experience - necessary. Apply at Western
Saddlery Co., 415 Market st ' --
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands. E. MESSAGEK,
145 Puat tt .-,;..' ;
FIRST-CLASS Jacket hands. E. MESSAGER,
145 Post st. . ; . : - 1_
BLOUSE makers; Uke work home: good pay.
2822 Greenwich st; call Sunday morning. -
MAKERS for millinery; fair, wages; sta-idy
¦ position for the year round. 130 Sixth st.
GIRL for housework; small family. 930
Powell st. ¦ -. - '
GIRL to assist in taking care of baby. Call
at 2414 Webster st.
GIRL for second work. 2214 Clay st
WANTED— Apprentice on dressmaking. Apply
at 831 Vallejo st. ¦ • '
DRESSMAKERS wanted. 121 Post st, room
43. . ¦
WANTED — Young lady for candy etore. Ap-
ply at 1301 Polk st.. 10 to 3. •
YPUNG woman for housework; half days; $10.
1811 Geary st. . '. ' '
EXPERIENCED apprentice on coats. 28
Montgomery st., room 2. •
GIRL for general housework: no children: ref-
erences. Call In a. m., 703 Broderlck st
WANTED — An experienced general dry goods
saleslady. W. THIRD & SON. 030 Valencla.
FIRST-CLASS sewers to take work home on
corded sunbonnets, waists, etc. H. FRIED-
LANDER. 338 Fell st.
.WANTED — Woman to assist in small family;
good home. 2710 California st
150 OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. C56
Mission st.. third floor.
150 EXPERIENCED operators on ladles'
waists. 656 Mission St.. third '. floor.
GIRL to wait at table and do chamberwork;
I . boarding-house. 80S Van Ness aye. . '
j I WOULD like to have Mr. RUBY MAHONY
call at 802 Vallejo st. .
GIRL wanted: general housework; plain cook-
Ing: small family; wages $15. 1401A Scott.
EXPERIENCED ironers wanted. 658 Mission
st, third floor..
$20; GIRL for general housework and cooking.
153« Ninth st. Alameda, ¦ .
EXPERIENCED . stitcher • on men's and
women's shoes and operators on eyelet ma-
chine; ' good wages; steady employment.
. The Royal. 50 Third st
WANTED— 3 girls to learn halrdresslng. mu-
cage, manicure, switch, wig making, in 2
wks. :. take charge . of private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo.; course $5: day. eve. clasa:
bring ad; worth $1. College, 23.1 Geary, r. 13-13.
| : 'i. •;,.-' v.. •'•'. , . .
EXPERIENCED operators " can ' find steady
work at highest pav; also have a few fna-
I chines empty for girls about 16 years of age
j to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
| Gough and Grove sts.
j $25 TO $33 week guarantd.; theatrical; S ladles
• & 3 srent*; no . experience necessary. Cald-
i well College Oratory & Acting. 1327 Market
j LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of self-
i assertion; good opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
FINISHERS on coats and pants, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st - ¦¦ '
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32 & Fremont
st. MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING, massage, manicuring,
bleaching. ' dyeing, switches, etc : 2 wks. $5.
College.. 12.'!6 Market st. rm. 04; splendid
positions waiting; day; evening. ; _^
{ WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit altera-
tion hand. Apply between -S and 11 a. m.
I at HALE BROS'.
f EXPERIENCED fitter on cloaks. Call at th«
office of M. SIMINOFF bet 1 and 2 p. m.,
j 1223 Market st. - - .. -
i GIRLS about 1C years of age will find plenty
i of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
! CO.. 32H Fremont St.. MR. DAVIS.
j EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' silk shirt
waists; steady. work; good pay. S. F. Mfg.
j Co., 523 Market st \
j WANTED— Three Protestant girls, pantry and
I .dtnlng.room. Institution. Alameda County,
I $20. Address E. P., box 4734. Call office.
I WANTED — Experienced shirt makers. EAO-
I LESON & CO.. 535 Market st
GIRLS about 16 yearn of age will find plenty
' of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS A
CO., 32% Fremont st, MR^ DAVIS.
WANTED — Good hand on dressmaking. 732
Geary St.. bet. Hyde and Leavenworth.
I BUTTONHOLE makers and apprentice on
I vests; good wages. 766 Geary st.
¦ YOUNG woman to train for nurse In general
j hospital; name, address. Box 4736. Call.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont
st. MR. DAVIS. ,\^
GIRLS. 14 to 17. for factory work; apply at
once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
TYPEWRITING taught.. $5 full course; short-
hand 'speed class. «2 mo. 927 Market r. 303.
HELP " WAKTKO— MAJLIS. ¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & 'CO.'S 429 Bush st.
To-day (Sunday)
5 ' To-day (Sunday)
X.'. To-day (Sunday)
Wanted for Nevada .Wanted for Nevada
Wanted for Nevada. Wanted for Nevada
2000 railroad laborers..... $2 day
Zi.iOO railroad teamsters $2 day
300 rockmen. muckers, $2 a day and Increase
¦ C blacksmiths $3 a day
' 1 carpenter. $3 a day
Free Fare. Ship To-day «.Free Fare
100 tunnelmen for two new. tunnels, $2 to
' $2 50 a day; 30 outside laborers around ths
tunnel. $1 73- a day......
Free Fare Ship To-day Free Fare
> .......Male Entrance 12 Berry Place
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ..:.... ..420 Bush st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
69 Third st, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE...... FREE FARE
500 teamsters $2 to $2 30 per day
Gang of laborers........ ?2 to $2 23 per day
. Ship Dally
..-. FOR THE LUMBER WOODS
FARE ADVANCED
20 men for railroad work for large . lumber
company, north.' $28 per month and board.
I 20 sawmill and woodsmen, fare advanced, $28
to $65 per month and board. '
Milkers and plowmen, $30. to $40 per month;
2 mason's helpers, $2 per day; 3 teamsters,
city, $1 25 per day and board; cooks, waiters
¦and dishwashers; all kinds of restaurant and
hotel help. . '. "'.....
CAL, EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 89 3d.
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
, men to present an- attractive, high-class
¦ financial proposition: successful candidates
earn from $100 to $300 per month; salary and
liberal commission i>ald. ApDly-to-T. W'
: GRIFFIN. 569 Eighth st.. Oakland. Cal. *
TWO bright young men. 18 years of age.- for
work-in our • shipping department- Apply
: Monday, between 10 and 12 a. m. Standard
Bhlrt Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Good bench hand for planing mlil-
jrive references; - state wages; steady wort"
Salinas Planing Mill.- Sallnap. " ,
WANTED — An architectural , draughtsman ac-
customed " to general office work: permanent
-position if satisfactory. R.H. WHITE. 104
Flood • bide. ' . • ; . - • ¦ ;• - - - ¦
WANTED— Ranch foreman; must . be exnerll
enced -in fruits and -vines;-, state where last
employed and wagfs expected. : . Box 4719
1 Call of flee.' • . " , ¦ ¦', -.,..¦¦ •
YOUNG,, person. «tudy ; newspaper : Illustrating
by mail :¦, free- lesson circular. DAN Me-
¦ CARTHY; Instructor. ¦ 87 World bldgTT N. Y.
THREE brisht. active boy* 16 years old to
• learn - the '. fancy • grocery - business. rrtr til.
BERG. BOWEN & CO.. 432 Pint tt. S. F 0 "
MEN wanted of good address: steady positions
at good pay. Apply 8 to 9 a. m Mondav
.1312 Markot St.. A. O. HARWOOD. 1 il0nday '
WANTED^-To trade, or sell first-class • barber
• shop. 3 . chairs, with baths a r v vf T-T»fVw
&.CO.. 850 Market st. rooms 21. 22
THREE men- for hard'. work- Ohmir. r«.ii
COAT maker for custom coats •' steadr - work-
A Tt ' -;;,!, •-'¦'-¦ Near the *¦ Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black* 1-8-0-3.
_ - Money to Loan.'--
¦BJg Tree list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. . Please calL'
A family iiotel; best corner in S. ' F.'.
clears $S14 .per month over all expenses;
books open for inspection by bona fide buyer;
lease for. 10 years; furniture the very beat,
nearly new. cost $14,300; price $12,000; terms
part dawn.: balance In installments to suit ;
4 1 rooms; "Ih; best block N. of Market:
costly mahogany furniture; best mattresses
of curled hair; lease of building; income over
S^w: Price $3750; part cash, part on time. I
20 rooms; . line , location on • Sutt»r; rent
$75; income nearly $200; clean- sUlctly re-
spectable; price $1 600; % cash; % on time.
C rooms; rent $15; Income $35; price $175.
ANY of" the following on monthly payments:
7-room : modern flat; reduced to...... .'$525
15 rooms; transient; r clears $100....... 700
,'.' 8-room flat; snap; ; Geary st.. .... 2C0
lftO rooms; " Market st. ; clears $350. ... 6000
17 rooms; north of Market; clears $100. 1000
« rooms; clears $40; Just listed........ 450
I 33 rooms; n«rirr. Market; snap .......... 2100
, 125 rooms; clears $450- only ... 7000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments ...".;.. 1500
0 rooms;, sunny corner; a beauty; only. S75
32 rooms; Powell: big transient trade.. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75; only .......;; 330
40 rooms; clears $108 ! *...... 800
A. H. RETSLOFF. . phone John 531.
906 Market st; cor. Ellis.
$500—8 KOOM.S; clears $75! big transient
trade. RETSLOFF, 906 "Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO., - — — —
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.,
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busine«
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you ; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.'
: . . SPECIAL BARGAINS
13 r.; rent $55; elegant piano; Al loc..:. $1123
14 r.;.flne residence; first-class every way. 1200
6 r. ; mod. flat ; new fur. ; 2 mo. ; reduced. 500
20 r.; Al loc.; good fur., carp.; clears $100 1000
53 r. ; total expense of house $175- aparts 1*900
Money Loaned, jl^ per cent
WINSTON '& WOLFE," ' M" . •-•
1026 MARKET ST. — 1026 MARKET ST.
¦ . (Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only. $350
24 rooms; rent $55; central. ...:..,.. ....1650
38 rooms; rent $S0;- money-maker 2250
31 rooms; rent $100; just listed. .......; 2100
22 rooms; rent $70; part cash. 1300
15 rooms; rent $65; good, furniture. . .. .. 1000
35 rooms; rent $80: N. of Market 2000
63 rooms; rent $200; lease; see this •
POO other houses .on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211. ....
ARE, you looking for a new hotel or lodging-
house? We will build to suit you will se-
cure your lease, will go good on your bond,
¦will furnish you the money to fit your houoe
up at wholesale prices, and easy payments.'
Call ami see the specifications and plans of
tho new houses we are about to build. -It will
pay you to call and see us. -COMMERCIAL
FURNISHING* CO.. 613 Emma- Spreckels
building. ¦ ¦ '- . ...
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
S50 Market st— (Inc.). .Phone Davis' 281.
Reliable dealers, in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real - estate.
- W> furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates. '
'. Something new every day.
"'¦--' New. houses to lease.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market— Some bargains.
$1050 — 18 rooms; Kearny; all light; net $100.
$375 — 19 rooms; Jackson; good and easy work.
$700 — 17 rooms; Jones: nice business.
$100-^7 rooms; 3d st Money to loan on lodg-
lng houses; 70 more houses; bargains; choices. I
A— NOTICE— "We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and Prices, In all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 12CH" Market.
A GOOD downtown house of 11 rooms and
bath; low rent; full of roomers; must sell at
. a bargain; no agents. Box 46Sl,,Call office.
GRK AT bargain— 20 rooms;, nicely furnished;
clears $90 above" rent Inquire in furniture
_j!tore. 1114 Mission' et.
NEW downtown -apartment house, partly fur-
nlshed. let floor rented;, purchased or rented
by responsible party cheap. . Box 692. Call.
. SI'IUITUALISJI.
a :. -. . .TrrrTrrrrm
• B-R-O-C-K-W-A-Y,
1052 Ellis »t, bet. Franklin and Gough.
Scientific and Expert Life. Reader.
Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m..
Seance Sunday and Wednesday S p. m.
MME.'LA MONTE, the phrenologist and test
. mcdl'jm, has' been very .lucky on the track
this week; will pick a winner or information
free. Brunswick Hotel, room 5, Sixth st -
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; rplrits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. S p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush «t.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
, life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164; O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
mrs. • Winchester: '• lnio ciav— circle to-
; . r.!eht n nd .Wednesday. 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m.;
consultation dally. . . .
A FREE circle every "nighf PROF.' GEE 8U
Golden Gate ave. ; private readings.' 50c-$l.
ETHEL CRINDLE — Materializing and vocal
seance. Sunday eve. ; 50c. 325 Ellis st
MADAME CAPELLE, clear-seeing life reader.
122 Taylor st, room 5. ,
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. ¦ Avondale. 1424 Market..
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
.phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thura.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: fitting* dally: tm tn all tonight: 10c.
CLAIR VO YAXT8.
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY. '
Ismar, the- Egyptian Gypsy, .draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were It not for the lack of fore-
sight Into the future; If you are in trouble of
any kind,, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled In life, consult Ismar, lor bhe Is a prophet-
ess of world- wide fame, and her name has be-
come a proverb In ; thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. Ismar can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m., at her office, 1148
Market Bt, opposite Sixth. .
SPECIAL — Iamar's readings by mall are
fully as satisfactory as those given; In person;
three questions answered, $1; full life reading
$5. Send date and year of birth. ¦
MME. M. BERNARD
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. -If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-'
dlum and you win be told how to- overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45G0.
LIFE READING— ONE WEEK— LADIES 50c;
GENTLEMEN. $1; PROF. WELLER'S COL-
LEGE, clairvoyant, sclentiile palmist, card
reader: advlce-on business, speculation,' love,
domestic troubles; settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites. separated, tells whom you will marry;
how to win man or woman you love; mall $1;
send date birth, lock hair, C questions. 1007 %
Market st.. near Sixth. '
MISS M, WILLE, 320A Ellis st, clairvoyant'
business medium, will give special reading at
one-half her usual charge; $2 reading $1 and
¦ $1 reading 50c: .tell' past, present and give
correct forecast -of your future; If you are
discontented, unhappy, have love or business
troubles consult -this great medium and , you
will be told how to overcome them; -hours
10-8 p. m. ; ... ,;.¦'.:.•..-¦ -. -. '¦;...--;.'..¦;
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send etamp< for pamphlet
with special terms. ¦ Dally . and Sunday. ,
¦M ¦ . ¦ ' ¦.*•.¦ ' • .- ¦ ' ' ,
AA— BROCKWA Y, \ scientific - and expert . life
reader;, hours 10 a. m. to 5 p.- m.; seances
Sunday and Wednesday," 8 p.' m. 1052 Ellis.
MME. ARNDT.'the great clairvoyant."' tells
' past, future; never falls;', has " the greatest
Egyptian secret : shows '< picture*, future • hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody: open Sun;. "10 to 8 p. m/SlSVi" 6th.
ISMAR; > the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
f.posite. Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
- too p. -m.., Sundays, from -10 to 12 a. m. v.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
» reader, .born i with double .veil— second sight;
. diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50e,
'.gents $;, palm, and clalr. sit:$l 60. ;-126 Turk.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
: advice; names given; 25c. up. - ; 6: Fourth st ¦
MME. WALTERS. * great' card reader; : la. 25c;
;. gents 50c. ' , 951 Mission; '. near 6th; open Sun.
MRS.MALLORY, 917 Howard.. clairvoyant and
. ; spirit card reader; consult me; L.- 25c; G. 50c.
MME. ' ODELL,*' clairvoyant ; ! cards & tea leaves
-.'. 'read; accurately;; L. 2flc, G.-* 60c' ' 621%Eddy.'
MRS. • BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
1 25c. " gents 50c ; readings . dally.: a 132 . Sixth st. .
A— Mrs. \ Melvill, : wonderful - clairvoyant,' water
:•- reader.1 has, returned. 11 6th; -German spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
. /only 10c; from lto S..-262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
.CARD reading and astrology. ,148 6th st.. room
22, - second ¦ floor ; ¦ horoscopes ¦ cast - by ¦ mall. :.-
MRS. LA VON; wonderful fortune , teller ; : truth
' or no pay; 25c and 50c.; 704 Howard.: cor. 3d.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions j has been , at; 1030
-•.•Valencia Bf . .. . ."¦ ¦ . ¦,. .¦ .-- .¦¦ ; .
CARPET ' |BKATDfO ' AHP . CXKAltnca. :
WHEN I you become disgusted with poor, work
¦ send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
: Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama ct.; teL Sooth 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. nipholster-
ing.l213Market.bet8th&ath;tel.Howmrd 2913.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning. 3c;
'renovated, relald. 104 14th st; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
HUDOLFH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st : teL Mission 283.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating "Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st; teL South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co.; J. McQueen,
.- proprietor. 329 Guerrero st ; teL Mission 49. '
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126. . ¦
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet -cleaning and Renc-
vaUng Co.. 240 14th st; teL Mission 74.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
. 10 pages, in wrapper for mailing.- $1 per year.
CHIROPODISTS. . j :
D^r~wijrx!EcicrTo5^nrsTi : ooms 1-2— 0-™*
extracted, painless; ingrowing nails cured.
-. ' COLLECTION OFFICES.
GE^^iE~^vr^KETLY^^ge^cy^No Charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms,' and barn. 438 Ivy ave.
Inquire 421) Grove st. ,
SUNNY 4-room cottage, $10; corner Japan at.'
'nnd Rlncon ave.. at Mall Dock. .
- $7 — COTTAGE, 5 rooms; off Crescent ave. Ap-
. ply at 64 Silver st. off Third.
: _ : ;?'.: ; ;;..'
A— DR. T?~S. H1GGINS, 927 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other'
' fillings, $1; gold and porcelain crown*, $3
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best ci owns, plates, bridges
. and fillings; extractions or filling by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice -free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty :gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 30
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to It p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason— |
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators; !
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDES- I
SONj D. D. S.,' proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50;. fillings. 50c;
plates. $5, full set; ell work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Farlors. 24 SI xthst
SEE my 1 new pink. ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted llfetlrre;
crowns., $2: fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown.* 54 Sixth.
WANTED — Dent!s|t to take .charge : of my of-
fice for 3 months; can mak'e big. money;. ref-
erence. ;'¦• Box- 4784, Call office. ' ¦ . '.."
PARIS. Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor.;Bu»h —
j Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 30c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext., 30c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 1133.
DR. E.' P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only: reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 ¦O'Farrell. late of 0 Turk st —
Crown and bridge work ; ' gas specialist.
SET of teeth without elate. ¦ ,- DR. : H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ..
llKKSSMAKERS AK1) SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School; i
oldest an i most reliable school on. the coast; I
pupils prepared for business ; now is the time I
to. enter; dressmakers furnished to shops and !
families; makers and trimmers supplied: the .
demand is greater than we can fill; positions •
free; corset making taught: corsets to order, j
Depot for latest patterns. 1019 Market st. j
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School; j
corret making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt. j
DOG! HOSPITALS. :
DR. CREELT'S C. P. dOK soap Ijy drusrii't*
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
IIKl.t* WANTKIJ KKMAMS. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 183
.I HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, cafe, Los Angeles, no Sun-
day work ::...;.. $10 week
• 2 head waitresses, springs... ...$35. $40
20 waitresses, springs and resorts.; $20 j
Chambermaid to wait, resort..... $20 |
Waitress, same place, see party 'here.. :.. $20
2 waitresses, first-class -^ hotel,"- south,- boss
f here ......v. ¦.....-.......:. $23 !
. 20 waitresses, city and country hotels.. $20, $10
Chambermaids, country and city hotels... $20 :
Laundresses, country hotels.....!.. .*:...'. .$25 '
CookB, summer resorts '.'.;... .$33, $40 !
Laundress, summer resort .'. 1$23 '•
Cook, private sanitarium, city: $33 ¦
- i Bell girls j.. ;......... S10 '
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .....
Swedish or German second girl, American I
family of 2, very choice place, country, see i
party here, $23; cook understanding • German i
cooking. $«0: cook and second girl, same i
place, city, $45; cook, San Rafael, see. party
here, $25; 5 second girls, $20, ¦ $25: nurse- I
girls; French or German. nurseglri with rcter-
ences, $30; many others. Call at • ' ~- I
:C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...420 Bush st.
tn our new office, between Kearny st and !
Grant ave., opposite California Hotel. ¦ '
WANTED— Man and wife, small ; place, $35;
cook, no washing, *35: 6 cooks, little wash,
$2S. $30; C second girls. $20, $25;. neat girl
, for delicatessen, .*25; 2 parlor maids, ¦ $23; !
• maid and seamstress, ?25; cook, private
boarding. ?35: also kitchen 'helper, $20; 4
. restaurant waitresses. $7, $S week; laundress, j
$30: ironers, $9 week, to go south: infant
- nurse, $25; 4 nurse girls. $12. $15, $20;
housework, .:< In family, Alameda,' no wash-
ing, $23; housekeeper. $15; 10 chambermaids,
assist waiting, fSO, ?21; 90 girls for all kinds
of housework In city and all 'near-by towns;
call Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 33 J
-Sutter st - , ; • .
COAST EMPLOYMENT CO..
502 Taylor st : phone Black 2194.
; .. MRS. KERR AND COZZEKS
A woman with a child for general housework,
country, $15. free fare; a woman for. general
housework. $15. city; hotel waitress, city,
?20;: chambermaid, assist waiting, "country,
$20 to $25, - -• ...
Help Please Call '. . . .*.;.. ... ;
GIRLS, learn a money-making trade; become
: ; i>oniething besides servants; be smart: take
advantage of a good thing; learn halrdress-
lng; requires only two weeks; If you bring
this ad tt costs only $4.. Including manicur-
ing, massage, shampooing, -hair -work. etc. ;
our pupils earn from $50 to $76 per month;
irlvate customers as well as the leading
6tores : furnish them work; we want two
young women' Immediately to fill- two posi-
tions; evening class for working girls.-?' 8 F.
HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE, "233 Geary st,
rooms . 13-15. " - • .'
OPERATORS for new high-grade downtown
manicure parlors. First-class people apply
between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m., and between
0 and 8:30 p. m., Monday," to MRS.'WASH-
.. BURN, 412 McAllister st : - v -
AN Intelligent ' lady ; bookkeeper; easy, work;
' hours 9. to 5; perm, position to party with
ambition: be explicit, state remuneration ex-'
pected-and experience; etc. ..Box 4776, Call.
BUTTON-HOLE makers • on • coats and vests;
finishers on coats and pants;' girls to learn
¦ -.'-. tal lorl ng ; steady ' employment. ! BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 341 .Market st. ¦, . .
GIRL or. young woman .'to do light housework;
"G-room' cottage; wages $10 month; good home
for right person: ¦' 2045 San -Antonio, ave.,
'. 'Alameda:- can call Sunday..
WANTED— A young woman to do cooking and
housework' In a small family; wages $25.
Apply to-day 1672 Broadway, .near Franklin
: let; ' 12 to ' 6 ' p. m. c. . ' ' ?• «.;-¦ y .
• FIRST-CLASS , ; sleeve hand ; i wages - no object
. to competent. hand; also expert : waist ] hands.;
. .Call Monday, , room. 134, Spring Valley tmlld-
: ¦ ing. Geary and ¦ Stockton \ sts. - -X. {- • *.' - / ".. :
WANTED — Saleslady, for" small etore; must
'.:= speak I French. ; For ' particulars ¦ address I E.
;^ R... box' 4636, j Call office. ;. ; , • ., .:
EXPERIENCED salesladies for .millinery ' and
¦ shirt ' waist, departments. \- Apply -'¦ R. D.
DAVIS & CO., corner Geary sti and Grant av.
EXPERIENCED .wrappers for; package desk.
¦-¦•¦Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO., corner Geary st
. and Grant ave..; ,. ..' . ; .'.;¦.¦.': - .- •
EXPERIENCED operators ladles', shirt waists;
.; steady ..work; good pay.: BAUER. BROS. CO..
-.21 Sansome st. . ' . .'_.:' .^¦.•\ ' , .'. ...
EXPERIENCED dress skirts and ? silk waists
operators : - good pay. '•'. S. BADEN," 723 Mar-
st; 4th floor. : ;' i, ...,/ .•
EXPERIENCED salesladies for , millinery;
¦ cteady position; wages. from. $10 to $15 per
week. -130 Sixth st ~ . •-'. .-,'. -¦
EXPERIENCED shirt '.waist coUarmakers:
• good pay. S. BADEN, 723 .Market' st, ,4th
...'floor.';; ¦_ - ,-.'¦¦. ¦ ' ¦ -.•¦ ' „¦ -, ,,,' ;'.H".r..*>_
EXPERIENCED" cutter on Wllcox & Gibbs
.' machine;, good -pay. ¦ 121 Post, st, 8d floor,
. y room 5. -, . ; . ..':[ -. •'.¦,','¦"¦.'...
'LADIES— Copy letters at home;: $4 tb $6 week-
;.,ly;'ser.«i, stamped, envelope for application."
'.-'.¦¦ Monarch Supply Co.; Dept 114.' Chicago. -." ,
CULTURED, "woman "^to '.take
-charge of business branch'ln the State. -Box
i .4716, Call-office, f/,*.. , t ';.%.; .-.*.• :
TAILORESS on coats ; steady work ; | good I pay;
also apprentice. v:4Vi Verona place, off Third
"et; between Folsom and Harrison.-*! ,'
r*^MEETTNG ft'OTICES. . --':_"_¦
ASYLUM of • Golden Gate Commandery ."_*¦
No. 10. K. T.. 623 Sutter St. — In ac- "HflS*
cordance with the expressed wish : of \ Kfl
our late f rater, SIR KT. BERNARD" OV
H. LUCKE. the - members of Golden v
Gate Commandery will assemble at the Asy-
lum at 1 o'clock p. m. In full Templar -uni-
form to conduct the funeral services at 1:30
at King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple.
M H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. ¦ FROLICH. Recorder. . -
ALTA Lodge No. 205. L O. O. F. —
Initiation MONDAY EVENING. -jfSSsJSS
April 7. Visiting brothers cor- "?§y!2£s!!jr
dially Invited. -^J8«?^
ALF. J. ZOBEL, N. G.
W. E. STEVENS. Rec Sec
THE 39th annual picnic of the St A %t *•_
Andrew's Society of San Francisco 3V, £&%%J
will take rlace at Fairfax Park on **vjvXS>
SATURDAY. Slay 3. 1002; games *«*?*
dancing; a good time is assured.
__? JAMES ROLPH JR.. President
CALEDONIAN Club's thirty-sixth -«y>.
crand annual gathering and games 2V, QOJ
at .Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, Sjinxffs?
Hay S\), 1'jv2. - ""aW
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secy., . .
THE California Debris Commission' having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
- process from . E. J. Challen and John A.
Tucker In the Topaz Centennial mine, near
• Quincy, Plumas County, to deposit tailings
behind the darn of the Quincy Mining and
Water Company, in Wauponsle Creek,' and
from Louis W. Clark and B. D. Dobyns, In
- the Golden Needle mine, near Brownsville,
Yuba County, . to deposit tailings In Dry
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 94,' Flood building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on April 14, 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the members of the
Society of ProKre»' ve Spiritualists' will be
held at their of n\ S322 Seventeenth st.
SUNDAY, April 13,\t the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year. 'and
the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting.
JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING.
Resolutions, etc. in^flrst-da"!" manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. Collage. 24 Post ft.
AGEXTS WANTED, j
AGENTS wanted — Either sex; my plan shows
how you may increase your income without
any capital, outfit or previous experience; my
plan does not interfere with any occupation
you may be engaged in, because no one need
know you are my representative. If you are
out of work you can earn $100 per month
working for me. You can learn how to work
for me successfully in five minutes' time, and
the work is strictly honorable, legitimate and
permanent. Address W. M. GRIFFIN. Key
104, Fort Wayne, Ind., for free particulars.
I do not want one penny of your money. .
AGEXTS — $10 daiiy, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private & public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for; they do not require a
chimney ( to break)or wick to trim, & make no
6moke or dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest
& cleanest light; it is a great money maker
for agents; 200 per cent profit: write at once'
& get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprtse Mfg. Co.. B. 867. Cincinnati. Ohio.
WE want first-class solicitors everywhere to
sell stock; If you are made of the right kind
of Btuff we can show you how to make good
money In the next 12 months; absolutely new
and attractive; has more good, convincing,
talking points than anything else; for a per-
, man en t business it has no equal; and is es-
pecially adapted to cities and towns of the
Pacific Coast; call mornings. 10 to 12. 319-320
Parrott building. San Francisco.
WANTED — For city and country; salesmen to
handle the latest largest and most authentic
map of California; just published; a big
money maker for the right men; will sell at
sight; liberal- terms and exclusive territory.
THE WHITTAKER & RAY CO.. Publishers.
723 Market st :^ . :
A Few more ladies and gentlemen to solicit '
and organize in California for the most just
plan of fraternal insurance; big money; now
is your time. THOS. P. THORNTON, State
Deputy. 1751 Twelfth ave., Oakland.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
AGENTS living In country town* for a great
proposition. "Library." box 4779. Cetll.
ASTROLOGY. ~ ~~
HOROSCOPES east: future predicted; readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORXKYS AT LMV.
R. W. KINO, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; a_: cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
- etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick -.quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market Bt., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; lovr fees;
all cues. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Bt: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycles fast: swell-
ert thing out; agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. S01 Larkin Bt
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. ~~
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of cong.
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes. -aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1348 Market st.bet.Sth&Oth.
BOOKS a~EW AND OLD. '
BOOKS cf all kinds bought libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1940.
.'' UISIXESS CHAXCES.
JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market st, corner Stockton.
• Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent
Property Bought and Sold.
Bents Collected. . Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent.
A — Grocery on a good corner on Mission st.;
owner has other Interests; price |1SOO.
A — Bar and lunchroom ; average receipts |50;
rent $S5; price $4000.
A — Partner for a gocd-paylng grocery.
A — Grocery and bar; cor. on Geary; 4 living j
rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $1S; price $500. I
A — Branch bakery, notions and grocery In
Oakland; 4 rooms,' completely furnished;
chickens, etc.; good location; price $500.
A — Partner for a paying saloon.
A — Saloon on Third, near Market; price $3000.
A — Butcher shop in Oakland; bargain at $250.
A— Several lodging-houses going very cheap.
A — Good restaurants at reasonable prices.
A — Saloon at Golden Gate Park; price $750.
THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT CO.,
Rooms 75-76, Flood Building.
Why invest your, money in stocks and com-
panies of which you know nothing of manage-
ment or member^ when you can personally In-
vestigate Th« Industrial " Development Co by
Investment or securing, members for co-opera-
tive development of home Industries? Open
meeting Tuesday evening at 8 p. m... rooms
75-76. Flood building; you are invited. '• -
ROHLFS & CO 41 Third st.
Furniture store in heart of town, doing a fine
business; a snap; $750. Private house of 8
. rooms,, good furniture; rent $20; a bargain;
$:.r>0. Cigar store on city front; fair stock;
receipts- $8 a day; must be sold; $100. ' -.
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO.. 318 Kearny st. room 1. -, ¦
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that' will stand lnvestlga-
tlon. P. S. de Luca & Co.. 318 Kearny. r. . 1.
ALL kinds of real estate for sale. and exchange;
- lodging-houses. ¦ stores, - restaurants, hotels
saloons and many other business chances for
tale. HEALY & CARR.,6 Eddy st. ,
CIGAR stand; . $300; clears $C0 per month.
BROWN & CO.. '1221 Market st. .
RESTAURANT; $530; on Market St.; clears
$100 per mo. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market.
$300— RESTAURANT: compelled to give up;
receipts $35 per. day; family troubles: don't
fall to investigate. D r McRAE. 837 Mission. 1
A— DON'T pay- $500 for a $100 cigar; stand.
After calling • on ' other agents without suc-
cess. consult HEDGES, 4C1-462 Parrott bldg.
DRUGSTORE. $2500: Central location; on busy
street:- splendid opportunity - for ¦ physician
DECKER. fl21 Market st-;-. ¦ ¦..
A RESTAURANT;- receipts $25 day; sickness
cause of , sale. .- ' Strand & Co., . 209 Kearny s t
EXPERIENCED man wants backing to -'pros-
pect Thunder Mountain- district;' will' secure
party furnishing: money by real estate, be-
eldes equal interest in claims located. Call
or address Miner. 1463 Ellis st.
$3Q0O— FURNITURE and Ibises of hotel In one
of the best towns in the State. Address H
K.. office 'Hotel Gazette.' 2C Montgomery st!
WANTED — Wholesale liouor store or first-class
, Ealoon; must < clear over . $300 . month. « Ad-
dress with full particulars box- 4701. CalL -
FOR nale— 20 shares bullrling and - loan V stock;
. 2 years old; money needed. - Box 4738, 'Call.
.'}¦ •."¦•'-¦¦ v ' ¦'¦• ¦'-- v- .- •"-¦-. '.
§A?r "mAKcisco CAXfT"
BUEDfESS OFFICE of The San Sraaclseo
Call, corner at Market and Third streets; open
tctil 12 o'clock every cirht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. in. *
<3> McAllister street; open xintll 9:50 p.m.
SIS IjrVin street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
I «r 1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
251 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
toUI St.-in.
1OG Eleventh street; open until 9 p. tn.
1095 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-wcbnd and Ken-
tocky streets; open xmti^9 p. in.
Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CUL'UCU SEttVICKS.
yx.KlC Congregational Church. 1649 Hayes St..
Bear Central ave. — Professor K. K. Lloyd.
the pastor, will preach at 11 a. in., subject,
••ishall We Turn the Other Cheek?" and at
7ua» p. n».. topic. "Two Rich Young Men."
Praise service at 7:15, - Sunday-school and
Professor Lloyd's Bible class at 12:40, Christ-
ian Endeavor at G:30. Note — ltev. George C.
Adams, D.D., will give his eloquent and
popular lecture, "The Limitations of I Lib-
erty," at the church on Thursday evening,
April 10. at 8 o'clock. This will be a rare
treat for every one who can avail themselves
of the opportunity." ' '
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post 6t,
near Webster — ltev. F. B. Cherlngton. D.D.,
- pastor; 11 a. m., communion service and re-
ception of members. Rev. W. Ackerman of
the First Church of Portland, Or., will preach
In the morning and also at 7:30 p. m. Sun-
day-school at 0:30 a. m. The public cor-
d tally Invited. ¦ i-_j.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a, m., topic, "Is the Church Misunderstood?"
At 7:43 n. m.. topic, "The Man Who wa>
Determined to Run." A portion of the Eas-
ter music will be repeated. All are cordially
invited.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner of
Seventh ave. and Clement st — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, S415 Jackson St.;
telephone, Jackson 1941. Sermon themes, 11
a. m., "Commissioned Saints and Their
Honor"; 7:45 p. m. f "Non-commissioned
Saints and Their Opportunity." Sunday-
school. 9:45 a. m.; Christian Endeavor So-
ciety, 6:45 p. m. Seats free. A cordial wel-
corne for every one.
FTRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento st. — Services at 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrle will preach both morning and even-
Ing. Eunday-school at 12:45 p. m. ; Christian
Endeavor at 6:15 p. m.; Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at S o'clock. All are cor-
<Itally Invited.
CAL V ART Presbyterian Church, corner of Cal-
ifornia and Octavia sts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hlll, D.D., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge,
associate pastor. Dr. Hemphlll will preach
In Calvary Church at 11 a. m. and at the
Second et. mission at 7:30 p. m. The sacra-
ment of the Lord's supper at the morning
sen-Ice. Mr. Albert W. Wight. A, B.. will
preach at 7:S0 p. m. in Calvary Church.
Morning Sabbath-school, 10 o'clock: afternoon
Sabbath-school. 12:30 o'clock. T. P. S. C. E.,
6:30 p. m. All are cordially Invited.
CMMAXLTL Baptist Church, Bartlett st..' near
Twenty-third — Morning service. . 11 o'clock,
preacher. Rev. J. George Gibson. 6ubjeet,
"Every Man His Work." Evening, 7:45, "A
Musical Evening With S. Adams." Organ
voluntary, "The Star of Bethlehem": offer-
tory, "The Holy City"; postlude, "Oh. Jesus
Thou Art Standing"; barytone solos (1),
"IJt>rd to Thee I Reach My Hand." <2) "The
Light of the World," by Rev. J. Geonte GIbr
eon; <3) "Oh, Shining Light," Mr. Otis M.
CarriEgten.
CENTRAL Church. Mission «t. between Sixth !
and Seventh— Pastors. Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbert F. Briggs. 11 a. m.. Rev. Charles
R. Brown. D.D., pastor of the First Con-
gregational Church of Oakland, will preach.
12:43 p. m.. Sunday school, Koila V. TAatt
superintendent 6:15 p. m.. Societies cf
Christian 'Endeavor. 7:30 p. m., concert. 8
p. m., eermon; topic, "A Sturdy Defiance."
Herbert F. Briggs will preach in the even-
ing. Organist and choirmaster. Roscoe War-
ren Lucy. The seats are free and the people
ere welcome.
EIMPSOX Memorial M. E. Church, corner
Hayes and Buchanan sis. — Rev. John Ste-
phens, the pastor, will preach at 11 a- m. and
7:45 p. m. In the evening the monthly znu-
Elcal service will be given. The programme
Includes choruses by the full choir, a chorus
for ladles' voices, a male Quartet and solos
by Mrs. H. V. Dickey. Miss Nettle Blake and
Mr. Cedl Smith. Seats free. All Invited.
CNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth . sts. — Rev. . K. F. Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 8:45 o'clock.
Morning theme, "Belief in Immortality."
Evening theme, "Why Don't. God Kill the
. FIRST Church, of Christ, . Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter «t, between Kearny and
Grant- ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m.; subject of lesson-eermon, "Are Sin.
Disease acd Death Real?" Sunday-school for
i children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms,
206 Keamy et., rooms 609-510. All are wel-
come. * -
ASSEMBLY Hall, IB Polk it, near Market—
Mr. Alfred Mace will give Gospel addresses.
Sunday, April 6, 3 p. m. — "The Kingdom of
Heaven — What Is It?'* Sunday, April 6, 7:45
p. m. — "The Great Ransom." Tuesday, April
8, 7:43 p. m. — "Mizpah — The Revival and Its
Opposers." Thursday, April 10, 7:45 p. m. —
•The Coming Great Tribulation and Who
Will Be Preserved Through It?" All wel-
come. All Is free.
a GREAT mass meeting for men only this Bun-
day afternoon, at 3 o'clock. In the Toung
Men's Christian Association Hall, Mason and
Ellis sts., will be addressed by Rev. John
M." Barnhart on "The Bible and Present Day
Questions." Mr. H. H. Barnhart will sing
several selections.
BENJAMIN FAT MILLS will epeak at Golden
Gate Hall, at 7:45 p. m.. on the topic. "What
Is the Unity Club ?" This address will be ex-
ceptionally Interesting to all San Francis-
cans. Music by the Unity Club Male Quar-
tet Solo by Mrs. Eckert. Admission free.
SOME of Truth < Practical Christianity). 1231
Pine st. near Hyde. — Sunday services at 11
a. tn. and 7:45 p. m. Weekly meetings Mon-
day at 8 p. m. aad Tuesday at 3 p. m. All
are welcome.
WALTER THOMAS MILLS. A. M.. of Chl-
cago, will speak at Metropolitan Temple,
Sunday, 2 p. m., on '.'Chinese Lebor in
America and Chinese Products In the World's
Market." Music by Frank Brown's Ladles'
Orchestra. Admission free.
THE Theosophlcal Society, Pacific Coast head-
Quarters,* Odd Fellows' building. — Public lec-
ture to-night at S o'clock by Dr. Jerome A
Anderson; subject ".The World's Greatest
Need." Inquirers' class Sunday. 11:30 a. m.
Children's group, the "Golden Chain," Sun-
day. 11:30 a. m. Public meetings Tuesday
evening- at '8. Wednesday and Thursday aft-
ernoons at 2:30. Lending library open dally
from 1 to 1 . .
MEETISCS SCSDAY.
AA — DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market st; subject, "The Fat and Lean."
followed by thrilling views of the destruction
cf Galveston. Tickets will be distributed for
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday
evening. Seats free, no collection. Remem-
ber the Question Box. . ¦ ,
BROCKWAY'S "¦" : -* "
Proof positive test seance to-night. -
8 p. m.. 25c
10S2 Ellis Et, bet Franklin and Gough.
C V. MILLER, greatest physical medium liv-
ing— You can see your spirit friends face to
face; seances Sunday, Tuesday, Friday. 8
p. m.; 60c. 1084 Bush tt.
AT .117 Larkin to-nightlnspiratlonal spiritual
charch meeting; also truthful •messages by
"Dr.- C. : E. Wheeler. ' Katie Heusaman; ad-
mission free. . •. • ¦ . . .
• A— TESTR. »09 .Market; 11-2-8, free; Wllstn.
Eeely, Hodgson; entertainment and dance;
Hawaiian singer*. April S; 10c.
1 A — "Now"" Lecture, "Recognition." Henry
Harrison ; Brown, , Odd Fellows' , building, 8
p.m.; music. . .,
A — FREE circle every night; private readings
60c and $1. PROF. GEE. 8H Golden Gate av!
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 143 Sixth.
PROF. HOLTMAN, gifted psychlst— Seances
Sun.. Wed.. Frid.. 10c; sit daily. 1382 M'kt
. >DIE.'TOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
SIRS. STODDARD'S convincing test circles
10c. Sunday, Tuesday; read, dally. 278 Ninth.
• TESTS. SW9 Market, rear hall; 11, free; 2^S~10c~
Swan. Maxwell. Wrenn. McKee, Chambers.
EDWARD EARLE in his wonderful tests to-
nlgnt at Pythian Hall, 909 Market st; 15c.
PROGRESSIVE spiritualists. 305 Larkin, April
«. 7:30 p. m. Mm. R. S. Lillle. speaker.
>¦ MRS. VIGARS' 'test meeting every night, iocT
148 Sixth et. room 32: sittings daily. ¦ =
MEETixcs— theosophical;
THE TTjeosopblcal Society, ' Golden Gate Lodge
— Public lecture ' to-night ' in • Flood building
at S o'clock, by Miss M. A. Walsh. Sub-
ject.'-'Man the 8. 7 and. 10." . ..: ;....; .
MEETINGS— Universal - Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL - Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society— Public " ; meeting ' to-night at- 310
O'Farrell «t. S o'clock; subject, "Theouophy,
Theoretic and Practical,"- by Dr. Gertrude
IV.'Van-Pctt, £upt R&js. Tcfj Qchl.; inuelc.
PUSIJfESS CHAJTCES— Contlnned.
A— $10 BRINGS A GOOD INCOME. .
IT IS MOST RIDICULOUS
To.tell you day after day "wnat we gave- the
day before. Our followers know. when they
. win, and those who fall to place a commis-
sion with us may feel Inclined to doubt the
fact tbat -
OUR -WORD IS "SONA FIDE.
'.*.-"• For this reason we shall, from now on. de-
sist naming our winners in our adds-; suffice
it to say that
OUR PATRONS ARE COINING MONEY.
And we arw willing to prtjve this fact to
anybody giving us a trial. -
TUESDAY.
For instance, we know of a horse that will
start in .
THE HANDICAP ' '
At one mile and a sixteenth. "and stable con.
nections expect to get at .least; ". ' '
'JS TO 1. IF NOT BETTER.
For WEDNESDAY, .
- SATURDAY. - * : ; ... . '.
Every one of the above days. we.wM land
one or two good things that will be a good
price. . .. ¦!¦ " . ' . , (
REAP A HARVEST. , ; ' .
We guarantee everything we say. and "mow
for a fact that you will win no less than 51SO
If you only place a trial order of $io. •
We operate all the year, and our profits are
always the best. . . ¦-,
. ..OFFER.
If you are unable to play yourself, send us
an account of $10, and we will operate same^
| placing $2 straight on each of our DAILY
TRICKS wiring or mailing our good tn ng
each morning at 9 o'clock.: When operating
for you we charge nothing for the Inf orma-
' tion but deduct a commission of 15 per cent
on the net winnings at the end of each week.
All our operations are confined to th? tracK.
thus enabling us to receive the best odds.
Winning amount forwarded to you each hat-
"urday evening. Commissions should be for-
warded immediately to take advantage of the
GOOD THINGS to be cut loose. Address
METROPOLITAN TURF BUREAU,
935 Market Bt.. Room 14.
i A 3 TO 6 PER CENT WEEKLY DIVIDEND,
i A 3 TO 6 PER CENT WEEKLY DIVIDEND,
j A 3 TO U PER CENT WEEKLY DIVIDEND.
Invest Small First and. Be Convinced.
Invest Small First and Be Convinced.
Invest Small First and Be Convinced.
More In One Week Than a Year in Bank.
More In One Week Than a Year in Bank.
More In One Week Than a Year in Bank.
Safe, Reliable, Progressive and Confidential.
Safe, Reliable, Progressive and Confidential.
Safe, Reliable, Progressive and Confidential.
Money Can Be Withdrawn at Any Time.
Money Can Be Withdrawn at Any Time.
Money. Can Be Withdrawn at Any Time.
Write or Call for Interesting Literature.
Write or Call for Interesting Literature.
Write or Call for Interesting Literature.
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION.
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION,
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION,
Suite 615, Emma Spreckels Building.
Suite 615, Emma Spreckels Building.
Suite 613, Emma Spreckels Building.
$3500— FIRST-CLASS candy business; profits
$250 monthly: sale or exchange; cause, slck-
ness. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000 — GROCERY and fruit store; clears 5100
monthly. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oak- j
land. • ' ¦ '
"INVESTORS— If you have $25 or more idle
capital and wish to have it earn, you from
15 to «• i er cent monthly and continue to
do so until you withdraw your money, write
for particulars; highest references; wtekly
dividend.':; thl? is no scheme, but a business
proposition. Denver Co-operative Investment
Assn., Exchange building, Denver, Colo. v .
1 GOLD, GOLD, GOLD!— I have four very val-
uable' Inventions, either of them capable of
making a dozen men rich. I want good men
of means to take Interest in patents and man-
ufacture and sell machines; either proposition
better than any gold mine; also established
business for sale, which yields large profits.
Address Gold. Call office. Oakland.
; WANTED — Experienced office man by an es-
tablished commission business to Invest $10,-
000, secured, and take position as treasurer,
- credit man; state age, experience and salary
expected, with reference. Box 4788,* Call.
THE controlling stock of one of the best pay-
• ing incorporated businesses in the State for
eale that will stand the closest scrutiny; this
is positively a rare chance; fine Investment.
Business Board Trade. 326 Pine St.
HARDWARE store, $3000, In lively country
town not far from S. F. ; sales average $1100
per month; expenses light;, net profits about
$230 per month; good reason for selling; no
agents. Box 4777, Call office.
MILLINERY store for sale In best town In
Eastern Oregon; $700 down; $700 . on easy
payments; doing excellent business; personal
reasons for selling. Address P. O. box 170.
Sumjvter, Or. .
A— $200; PARTNER wanted in established
business; $1S to $23 week, with chance to
increase; no cxoerlence required. 765 Mar-
, ket «t, room 3.
$300— PARTNER wanted in established busl-
nebs; $18 to $25 week, with chance to in-
crease; no experience required. 25 Geary
st, room 4. ¦ ¦
$12 50 — STORE and fixtures; No. 7 range,
other wares for sale: also tea and variety
store. Apply at 353 Fifth st.
WANTED — Partner for new established drug
store In good San Francisco locality.- Ad-
dress box 4767. Call office.
FOR sale — Outside route on this paper. Apply
927 Shotwell et, from 6 to 7 p. m., 'Satur-
day and Sunday excepted. . • ¦ .
$750 — OLD established wood and coal yard:
large trade; good neighborhood. For particu-
lars, 21G Gough st.
CHOP house to let; elegant location;' cheap
• rent; opposite City Hall. 173 City Hall ave.
PAYING fruit and fancy grocery store; worth
$100; Monday $250; trial allowed. 110 5th.
$75 BUYS cigar stand and laundry office clear-
Ing $75; rent $10. 245 Third st.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to Invest In a company owning
a mountain of low-grade roid-bearlng ore
superior to Treadwell mine of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish, to represent
or invest in a paying proposition -address
room 412. Parrott bldg.. San Francisco, Cal.
FOR sale or to let — Three lots and house; suit-
-' able for saloon, grocery or dwelling. Apply
2722 San Bruno ave.
$4."0 — FOR sale, a saloon and lunch house witn
living rooms, near factories, on account of
sickness; rent $18. Address K. L, box 4639,
Call office. -
RESTAURANT for sale. . 130 Second st; no
trlflers.
NURSERY and florist business for -sale; bar-
gain; owner must leave the city by ¦ July;
buyer can work himself into the business by
working for ealnry until he wishes to take
possession.' CARLSON. 500 Halght Bt.
AN old" established upholsterer business : for
snle;. Western Addition; good location: own-
tr leaving country. 'Address E. LEWIS. P.
O. Station F. - ' ¦ , • . ..-.¦
FOR SALE— Grocery and fruit store In thrifty
; town 10,000 Inhabitants with- monthly pay
¦ loll of $120,000: stock, fixtures,' wagons,' etc.,
will Invoice $1700; -good- reasons -for' selling..
'Address Grocery, box 165. . Vallejo, Cal. ¦..
A FIRST-CLASS meat market . doing ;1 a good
i business; , owner has . other , Interests , and
wishes to retire from business. " For particu-
lars Inquire at this office,. „ ¦ • , -.., . /
'PARTNER with $350; business paid $337 76 In
month and half ; .owner has other business.
Box 4732, Call. ... ¦ y ;
GOOD - paying shooting . gallery for sale ; ! pro-
prietor has two places; can't tend to both.
'Inquire 523 Pacific st ' -'. ¦."¦''..'..
A SALOON wjll be sold'cheap.' 143 Fifth jt.,
corner of Natoma;- old' stand; 'no agent , . . :
PERSON ' wants to', exchange * city ' paper . route
for country route. > Box 4662, Call office, a '.
LODGI\C-HOPfc>KS FOR SALE. :^7~
A— c;" b. davis. "¦" V V: ¦ ~^"
r Room 53. - ¦-..¦•¦• ' — '<t :C Tel. Bush 270.
¦ Columbian Building, Opp.'- Empbrium. ¦
- ' ' ":' 'The; Leader ' • • . ¦
¦¦' .; . ' ' . ; —In—' ' -' : !'• ¦¦,-•
' Rooming-Houses and Hotels. ' '•
' If you waryt to Invest in a' good ' ¦ • v • . .
rooming-house or hotel why don't *',' -'
you see CD. DAVIS?'- . v «
FOR Rent — 29 rooms; fine sunny, corner; : maka
swell, boarding-house; .rent $150; long lease.
- C. D. DAVIS.- •¦.".•'.-; . ¦¦_•', .--,-<?' -¦• *¦••.. ,-. : ;,
A — I HAVE bargains coming all- the, time; It
¦¦•¦ will pay you to visit my. office once a day.
. C..P. DAVIS.,.; : • : . -.-"**;,
LODGING-HOUSES and * hotels to 2> suit, all
classes of buyers; large list; call arid Investl-
:- gate before! buying. ' '.-..; . ¦ •¦¦-..:
', ' G. W. SCHWEINHARD, ¦>•
, 917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 6th and Oth. :'
HEU "WA3ITED -MA f .B Co».
a -mt-TI-RAY A BEADT Fbone "Slain SS48
" \\\'.' TO-DAY— 1 SUNDAY.
TO-DAY— SUNDAY
oiflcei Open T1U Noon
**¦"****" . . 20OU Railroad Men ". —
TrnVF"* STATE OF NEVADA.... FREE
S^a^terl £ g g £'
730 laborers. Nevada U £ $= -* da/
300 rock men. Nevada $3 to $3 -0 _da y
- 43 drtllers. Nevada.: *- £j
CO Uborers to help masons.. $-
g£^. ?.,????. ™. *:BaH^" 5 a£
" All the abore free fare..^^
™?f .SHIP DAILY. . . . . -FREE FARE
.. LABORERS
6* laborers, machine work, no experience; 15
laborers, no experience, factory; 3 laborers,
city factory. *1 73 <iay: 15 laborers, for faw-
rnau $26 to $30 and found; 10 laborers, city.
$"7 50 board and room; 5 laborers, city jnb.
$1 73 day; S laborers for ranch to cut and
»burn brush. $3O and found; 5 laborer* for
large mine, fj^ AND QUARKIEg .
5 miners, single hand. $57 and found: 3
miners, good mine, south. $2 50 day; 6 labor-
rrs quartz mine. $42 and found; 6 laoc.rers
for quarry. $2 day; '15 -laborers. R. R. quarry,
f . r . £ . e .' a . r . C : 'farms and dairies .........
15 farmers, orchards and vineyards. $20 and
$30: 5 teamsters, summer fallow, $30 and
found; 7 farmers, wheat ranch. $2C; 2 prun-
ers. $26; 5 handy men. fruit ranch. $20 and
found: 16 milkers, different dairies. $:?O to
$40; 2 butter makers. $30 and found: 3 chore-
men for ranch. $30; 4 choreboys, $15 to $20
and found.
i MISCELLANEOUS
Janitor, institution, country. . .$23 and found
Handy man. private place.... $25 and found
Gardener. $30 and found; 5 stablemen, $:'>0;
stenographer and bookkeeper. $30; boy Tor
store, city, $6 week; 3 boys to learn trades;
S two-horse teamsters. $27 60 and found.
MECHANICAL HELP
2 blacksmiths, country shops..... .$2 30 day
Blacksmith, country $45 and found
Wood turner, city Job $3 day
Wagon maker. $3 day; wheelwright, camp,
$2 60 day; bench hand, city, $3; carriage
painter; 3 carpenters, country, $3 60 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook for officers, large company $~C0
7 cooks, $50; 0 cooks, $40 to $50; 3 ranch
cooks; 4 restaurant cooks.; head waiter,
country hotel, $35 and found; 2 waiters, same
hotel. ?30; 25 waiters, other places: cako
baker, country shop, $40; third bakers. $-To;
'. second baker, $35; 6 vegetablemen: IS kitch-
en hands; 2 porters, 3 elevator boys; 4 bell-
boys: hundreds of other positions, etc., etc.
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay St.
PROFESSIONAL vaudeville people for high
class comedy company. Immediately. Box
4745. Call office. "
WANTED — Experienced wash gooda salesman.
Arx>ly between S and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Plasterer, cement finisher & brick-
layer, country; state wages. Box 4766. Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman wanted. Box
4725. Call.
YOUNG man stenographer: state age. experi-
ence. salary expected. Box 4770. Call office.
BUSHELMAN and presser. Emporium Cloth-
ing Renovatory, 109 Eddy; steady .position.
PANTSMAKKR wanted at 701 Geary st. MAS-
TEN. the Tailor. '
WANTED— Errand boy. 833 Market St.. fifth
floor.
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD^
624 Markt.; past com. Wattrous PostG.A.R.
CASH boys with references. Apply at LIV-
INGSTON BROS.. 123 Post st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. .
WANTED— At 630 Market St.; ex-soldlers to
do clerical work. O. E. HOWE.
DISHWASHER wanted at Union Hotel, opp.
Union Iron Works; $23; early.
YOUNG waiter wanted at Pacific Oyster Depot.
12 East st.
BOY for printing office; some experience. 543
Clay st
WANTED — A traveling salesman to sell hard-
ware. Box 4S00, Call office. . .
GOOD bushelman wanted Monday. S a. m.
Room 115. Phelan building.
WANTED — First-class restaurant . butcher.
Breuss Cafe, 70 Third st
TRAVELER with trade 1 la reboot supplies.
WHEELER. 200 Turk it.
A GOOD cook wanted. 134 Third street. .
"WANTED — First-class woodworker. iPtae- «t,
near Flllmore.
SHOEMAKER wanted; steady man on neat re-
pairing. 442 Devlsadero st. > .-¦
BUSHELMAN wanted Immediately. Golden
Eagle Clothing Store. 101 Kearny st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing; steady
I work. 621 Sacramento st '
WANTED — Barber for to-day. 303 Sixth st.
BARBER shop; Western Addition; living rooms
attached; old stand; modern fixtures; can bo
bcught cheap. STULTZ'S Barber Supply
House. 723 Market st.
EXPERIENCED stitcher on men's and
women's shoea and operators on eyelet ma-
chine; good wages; steady employment.
The Royal 30 Third st.
SALESMAN to fell htgh-grade- chinawara; spe-
cialty to retail merchants; best proposition
on market; 20 per cent commission; makes
elegant side line; hustlers can clean up $75
a week. The E. W. WILLIAMS Co.. East
. Liverpool, Ohio.
WA NTED— An experienced entry clerk In s
wholesale dry goods house: must be a goo«J
penman, quick and accurate at figures; !«tat=>
. age and references when making appllca-
tlon. Box 4750. Call office. *_
BARGAIN— Good 2-chair barber shop: estab-
lished S years; laundry of flea pays rent and
light; clears from $90- to $100 per month: one
week's trial given; cause sickness; price $130.
Address box 4728. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale; best bargain In city;
two hydraulic chairs; place established for
twenty years; owner sick. For particulars
call corner Seventh and Market sts.. S. F.
WANTED — Boy to learn a trade. Appfy
Superintendent, bet. 9 and 10 a. m. THOS
DAY CO.. 725 Mission st.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity for right man. v
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED hand Ironers on new shirt*.
Standard Shirt Factory, comer Gough ard
Grove sts.
WAI i' 1 vS :D ~ A brt * ht young man between IS
and 2O years of age for office work: must ba
good at figures. Apply box 4752. Call office.
WANTED — First-class demonstrator. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at Hale Broa.*
WANTED— Strong boy about IS or 19. Box
4748. Call office.
p^Sw^ s a5rfTg52^ liailud &t room 3 -
BI e^eSe W go >^671 A Ca r ir 8 ' """ **»"*
SHIPPED free every day— Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
Ii act j ad » w <*th. Nev.; wages, $2 per day;
board. $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
¦ ?• * A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marina corps. U.
8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33: not
Jess than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knot*
' that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; 130 larg»
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. •
BARBERS— Want to sell a half-Interest In a
good paying country shop and' baths. Ad-
dress box 7946. Call office. . ,
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.'. 24 Sutter.
WANTED — 60 men' to take lodging In Cam-
bridge House. 313 Howard: changed hands.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoea
60c up; gollng 20c up. 023 Howard st, nr. Oth.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 30c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d st3.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st . near Mar-
ket— 2UO rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry}
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiUmore.
For" Employment" Wanted,"" Et(V Seo 'till: jsaost FRAisrcisep call, sxjnd^y, april g, 1902^
37
REAL ¦ESTATES-CITY— FOR * SALE]..
SHAINWALD.". BUCKBEE'ft CO..' .; .
- '-' REAL ESTATE AGENTS. .' ,
•:"••-'•¦¦; '.:•¦ • ¦ > > v 21S-220 Montgomery st.
'...-We desire to s notify- the;- buying 1 ; public -that
we ; have - a number a ol s first-class ; investments
under- contract at very low, figures. "Principals
may call and get full particulars. -'¦-¦ ' ;¦¦ / '>¦;-
$35, 000-^New -. modern '¦ marine i view - residence ;
L' ..:. .large : - lot, > 05x127 -.8% ; feet; i hardwood
..'•;. finish i throughout; '-living room, 17x34
¦_ -¦' - ., feet;, other., rooms In. proportion. ';¦'.,' '-<
$10,000^-Southwest corner ; Bryant and Zoe sts.j
: '"•¦ • ¦ • . . -.. between \ Third and -fourth; store and
i - - ; 4- ! '. 3 flats ; rents $81 per ¦ month; In . good
' , -~ condition;^ lot '25x80 feet .
910,600 — Leavenworth '¦¦ st. , a ¦ near . ¦ Washington ;
",- ''¦'"¦.¦; flne. bay- window residence of 8 rooms
, and > bath; -extra large lot 45:6x137:6
;¦•¦¦¦¦¦"''•-•:' feef ¦/ .;,-,•;-,' ¦:¦""- ' . '¦'.''- '-. ".-:; ¦ ' '-'A-
- $3,000— Vallejo et.,. near; Jones ;' marine view
..'; property; Improvements rent for
: $27,50; lot 24:0x68:0. feef -
$2,500— Hartford st',. near Eighteenth ; artistic
:;; .cottage of* 5 rooms and -bath; -lot' 25x/
;.;¦.'.. :,'¦-' : > 125 ; one of the prettiest streets >. In
- ¦ •'¦, the Mission. ' * v '.- ' -..¦':.
, - $300 a .; f ront ¦ foot— In -/sizes' '. to ¦' suit;.
', Frahklln ¦•Bt.,.- near.. California; -un-
; , . doiibtedly.the best residence locality In
- ' the Western Addition.- J >•• . ' ,: •
$14,000 — Jackson st, ' near'.Polk; "fine modern
•, residence of 12 rooms and bath; would
• V rent for $95; lot 35x127:8% feet; would
'¦•¦ . >.'.; make fine s location, for doctor's '.of flee
and residence. ¦,- -. -¦ '• ¦¦ '¦¦ "'-i :
$10,000 — New -Eastlake .residence;. : Presidio
¦ . Heights ; grand marine view ; 12 rooms
and -bath;: Just completed; lot 22x
¦ - . 102:8% feet, . ,'- v ,•;'¦- -'¦ ' .
.$3,700— California. st.,' between First and Sec-
'. :'. ond aves. ; 2-story house, 7 rooms and
- ; bath; hardwood floors; lot 23x62:6 feet.
$3,500 — Washington j st, - near Cherry; grand
. " marine view ;i lot 35x118 ; feet; a posl-
. tlve bargain.. .:. ;. . -. ¦. *
$45,000 — Jones St., near. Turk; lot 55x82:6 feet;
V - ¦; frame . improvements rent. for $170 per
¦ - "-month; further particulars at our of-
¦ ¦' : - '.,¦- flee.- ¦•".- \i.' ¦>.- - ;.•.-••¦'. .>¦. ¦ :r- : ': '•¦• "-.
$12,000— Washington st.,' near Webster; modern
' , . residence of 'J: rooms and bath; beau-
tifully situated;. large lot, 47:6x92:4%
¦-¦¦ '¦ feet. ¦¦ ¦....'. --•:.-¦-.' .-','¦ ¦
$14,400— Sutter st, near. Leavenworth ; frame
• dwelling 1 of 10 .'rooms and' bath; lot
¦ - ' 25x68:0 feet; one of the few pieces
• 'i for sale on this street at this figure.
$14,000 — Devisadero st., near Broadway; 2 new
" flats,* Just finished, 9,7 11'; rooms and
very. "lateBt- improvements; lot
' ••¦•¦"> 20:3x110 feet; rent $140.-
$5,000 — Market - st.,. near Sanchex;: fine lot;
¦ ¦ ' , 27:8x110 feet. .. ,--. - - .r ¦ •
$6,500 — Vallejo st," near Laguna; -. fine bay-
' • "' window residence" of . 10 .rooms and
bath; very; latest improvements; rents
' ' -'.- for $42 50; lot. 22:0x107:6 feet.
$8,200 — Woodward ave., near Fourteenth st. ;
/,- 1 3 modern flats, 0. 7' rooms and bath;
•, .'.¦-..• ¦•-.'.• rents $73; lot 25x65 feet; fine invest-
ment - . • ; .- ' ¦ . ,' ¦ j- . ' ¦ . ¦•:;.'.
$850 — Twenty-flrst st, near Potrero ave. ; a
lot' 20x70 feet; all street Work done;!
this price is very much . below market
".-values;-; ¦-¦••¦• •; .-¦ •.. -. : ;' • ." ¦" -¦.>¦¦¦ 5 ¦.
$7,250 — Fillmore st, near Sacramento; trans-
. fer point; 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; rents $60; lot 25x00:6 feet
$6,000 — Leaven worth; st., near Broadway; four
.'; V-story houses ln'good condition; rents
$54; 'lot 80x60 feet. , ,
$3.000— The chea pest, and beBt building lot In
the Western Addition; north aide Clay
Bt, noar Lyon; 27:0x100 feet . ;
$6,000— Callfornia-st. residence of 10- rooms
and bath; ¦ rents $50; i tenants pay
¦•-•'¦ . water; lot 24xl00feet ¦¦'-..-
$12,500 — Grove st, near Larkln;. lot 30x120,
, with fine; building- of store and 2 up-
per floors;.- rents $45; '1' block ,from
City Hall. . /..
. $2,950—3649 , Twenty-first st, near Church;
- - modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms and
" bath; large lot 50 feet front by 114
rf , .- ..j eet . g ra nd view of the city; a pOBltive
- bargain: must be sold. ¦ •-..•-
- $6,000-r-Devlsadero-st. flats, near Ellis; present
• . rents $40; could ba largely increased if
'. a little money was spent on the build-
. . .ing; lot 28x90 feet; lot alone worth
' price asked for the property. ¦
$750— Blake st, near Point Lobos ave. ;. lot
27x120 feet; a bargain. . •
$150 per front- foot; Van xs'ess-ave. cor-
nerjlot 62:0x98 feet; one of the. few
*'¦) ' - corners still for sale on this avenue. ¦ •
$17,600 — Mission-st. corner. 110x100 feet; trans-
fer point;.; all." rented ; under . lease;
- splendid buy. . ¦ :. - . ,
$2,500 — Zoe St., bet- Bryant and Brannan and
¦ ". -Third and -Fourth; tenements; . rent
$30; lot 25x70 feet; a bargain.
$18,000— McAllister, near Pierce; 3> elegant new
flats, just finished; G, 7 and 8 moms
and 1 baths;- rents $155 monthly; lot
- - 23x100: feet. :.-.-> ' - ' '
$12,000— Corner near Golden Gate. Park; ha nd-
Borr.e modern 7 residence of 12 rooms
and 2 baths; cak finish, hardwood
• floors; lot 25x100 feet. •¦>' ' -:
$12,500— Ellis st, near Polk; improvements
."• cottage and 2 flats; grand lot, 27:6x
,120 to rear street. ; .; -• ' , - ¦¦
$20,000-^-Bush St., near Mason;. 3-story frrtme
¦- .dwelling, of ._• 20, rooms; rented as , a
._-,. boarding house; rent $100; large 'ot,
¦ , , 40:9x187:6 feet. ,', l
Get a copytof our printed -list of . properties
for . sale. -,.- \. f . .- - . : ; . '-'. •
.^ ¦ SHAINWALD. -BUCKBEE & CO.,
' -218-220 Montgomery tt, Mills bldg.'
MADISON & BURKE, 'y, -- ' ' - ' }'¦
. (Established January,- 1858.) '
'¦ ¦"¦¦•¦¦. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30- Montgomery st, • opposite Lick
¦ .' ;, House. ' ....
'... * ;i ' ' ' : SUTTER STREET.*. '
$25,000 — Sutter st. Inside Polk; • large lot
, with double frontage; executor's sale; must bl
scld. ' ¦'.." ;.• : ' ¦;¦..',> ¦ ;
$13,000— Two choice new flats en Scott st.',
facing, Alta I Park ; . elegant in every I particular;
paying $1320 per annum.
CHEAP CORNER.'
Corner Thirteenth and . Klssllng sts., ' near
Folsom; 00x73; 2 buildings; well rented; $9000.
. NEW . RESIDENCE.
; $5000 — New house; Lake st, corner of Eighth
ave.; "50x72; S rooms; finished attlo and base-
ment. - t ¦'¦ '- . ...
' INSIDE INVESTMENT.' • " • '
$10,000 T- O" Farrell St. , ¦ '- near . Polk ; large ¦
house;' lot '22:11x120 to rear street; this ls an
improving ' location. \. ; ' . .
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
- $16,000— Market-st. gore lot, intersection ot
Ridley st. ,, U9 ¦ t eet : on Market ; po vered with
stores; this Is a bargain. -V ' ; .'
$14,000— Stockton st, near Sutter; 8-story
brick building. , paying good Interest; new and
substantial Improvements. ' -'•.-;
•Flats'. renting for $26 ' on Seventeenth- st;
near Castro; lot 25x100;. price $3000. : . - ¦
i - ¦v-:-";.--'lots; ! -'/' * !' ¦ . ''-¦-' N; : i
$3000 — Corner ' Twenty-fifth ; and Alabama
; 50x100; a good : corner to Improve. ¦ ¦
$2500^-Stelner ' st, -inear ;-Waller; . •' a ¦ choice
building. lot; cheap; 25x01:6.
' $2000— Broderick st, near Oak; an elegant
building;. near, Park Panhandle. ,. . ¦ „.,¦•:
$5000— San Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth 'st;
fiats and -store; rents $52;. .lot 36x81: . - - - - «'
i i$200O—^Nlce, cottage home'on Nineteenth st,
near Eureka;: modern; 5 rooms and "bath; lot
25x75. ' ' t ('- ¦ .'-. ¦ ;••: . . ¦ ::'¦.'. ' -'
;Lots on Twentieth ave., between Cle^aent Bt.
and Point Lobos ave. ; a choice line of lots,
$500 and $000, on easy terms if desired. ¦ -
•'•.- ;'"-V -•'>'¦" " MADISON & BURKE," : ¦
'¦',. ¦ .'..'. , : . : • "30 -Montgomery st '-
GEO. A: RAYMOND,: -¦
Room 2, : 7th • floor, Mills;: bldg. '
$95,000 — Downtown' business ; property, near
;••;-" Market at. ; large lot; flne brick 'and
; iron bunc!ng;-payB good i net rental. . ¦•
$20,000- : -Large FlllniOre-st corner; very choice.'
$20,000 — Large .Presidio. Heights corner : ;- v on
; ¦ -* Washington St. ; 'very : choice -, In . every
¦'. ¦ -"-'respect ... '•,••' '• • v '¦¦. '. ¦ :-- ,
$11,000— House and lotion. Green st; 'unusually
• ¦ sunny ; well . arranged; superb marine
¦ ¦ ¦ ' View.- ;j : ¦' ' -."'. '¦ .' "'. V ,-¦¦¦.¦' -» --; .,' '•¦ '.
$12,500— Choice Halght-st.;. corner, ,37:6x100;
'•-•. -residence of 10 rooms, bath and 2 tbl-
• i ".'¦;¦/¦ lets. - -' - . ?•¦ ;;•'.;.-¦•». .; -•.;.- - - ••¦ { ,¦
$6,500— Octavia Bt; - near Broadway, 25x137 :6;
• • 2-story house,' 6 rooms andbath:, . ¦•¦..,- p
$4,500— Twenty-flrst St.," near Noe; lot 25x114;
. „ ! -. .2 -story .- house C and ; basement; can 1 be
¦: ¦ .easily: converted, into fiats.' > <¦ ¦ *
$4,000— College- • Heights;; .artistic home ",7
"... ; , ¦;¦;-; .rooms,' bath and .toilet; brand .new;
. . ' : beautifully sheltered; easy terms. :¦<>¦-
¦; $3,750— New house. Just .completed; f 7 rooms,
v.'.bath and 'toilet; h many '• closets; ''-on'
v Wlllard st; lovely climate"; flne views;
1 in every -' respect a charming . home;
¦ . • .- . easy/ terms. '. ¦;•¦.. •¦ -..,-;. •:'-,¦.-.. '. > r ,. , • •- ;-
$3,100-^-Welsh st.;' between Third and Fourth A
' --,. ¦ '.->B -flats."''- ."¦-.-'¦ '"'•"•-. ",.--.:."-,.-.;•¦;.. - A ..'/
Berkeley— Scenic" Park;'. beautiful ¦ home; ; lot
¦'• 50x140; house of ; 14. rooms;! modern in
.., ' '.., -'. ';.' every." ; resptct; ;j street _ graded . . an.l
;• • -'.:, '. sewered; . stone " walks; .; a" ; beautiful'
' . property 'at the ;very' low "price -of
. $7500; half, block from the electriccar
¦ :- line.. :'.•.- :;y- ',.-" ,-¦ ' /,•-.»--,•¦; ' , .
- ' ¦--..- 1 have ¦¦ also fine ' properties of every
size and description in Rosa Valley and
. ' ¦ San Rafael. ¦< .. ¦:-. .:.',,• : .- .-.*.-...
'--•;• :, GEO. >"A. .- RAYMOND,"- "/.:'
'¦¦: '¦'¦ -'¦¦¦ ¦¦:¦:--¦-_ V . .'/•¦>.-¦-¦ ; Mills '¦ building. . .
$275— A LOT^ In ¦. the Richmond - District
• Twenty-seventh 1 ave., » between ! Point "Lobos
•f - and • Clement,'- one- half ; block " from the '¦ cars-
• - the ! cheapest lot ' in the J district ; extra ; deep ;
; can.,be , bought; on.- easy "terms ' If ' desired •
¦ ;$25 cash, ; $5 monthly.- .": ;. ¦ ¦.--'¦; ¦ ...- ::¦, - ,-. '
'.. $225-r-A' remarkably. - cheap j lot .' on East Paric
st; • (Holly." Park), ; which Vwlll \ be ? sold at i a Irfw
price." 'It. is all level 'and 'ready -for bulldog
The cheapest lot in the district. v, Easy terms II
desired;. $25^ cash, $5 -monthly.' ... ¦¦•¦. - ¦.
¦> AlcEWEN BROS.. 1 118. Montgomery, at* -^
POTRERO '" house *and ;i lot ? 25x100: w cheap;' : "4
-; rooms; -$500.^ash.T balance* to suiti- Owner,
; -box 4349.;. Call; office. , • . V-;. -V: - ¦ V.yv^V
FOR - SALE— A', modtrn .' cottare ! 8 • rooms S and
! .bath; in , district; r Address i box
, 47C4. Call office. ' - • •
REAL FOR -^ _SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. ¦ v . ' ' - ;
I. 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
INVESTMENTS. '.*, •
$167,500 — Kearny-Bt. corner; 4-story and base-'
ment brick building; pays 6 per cent
;•••'- ' -net - . - ¦ - -.'; . -.,;¦ ¦¦ - '
$45,000 — Prominent Western , Addition, corner ;
*.-¦• C2:(ixllO; new building; pays 8V4 per
"cent net . '. - - - \
$38,000— Eddy Et, close In; - lot 52:6x120 to
rear Btreei; rentst$210. -.,
$35,000 — McAllister-st. corner, 82:6x100; -five
2-story houses ; Ifi ••' good repair; rents
' $220 i>er month. • -' •• ''••
$110,000— Large corner, 100x100. vicinity of
Sutter and Mason : sts. ; . a splendid
purchase. - v ¦" ..."
$17,500 — Rents $1920 per annum; corner -lot,
.'. 76x100, near Fourteenth and Market;,
stores and flats. - . ¦ < _ *.
. FLATS.
$20,000— Rents $170: 3 new flats on.Eddy st;
lot 27:0x120. . .
$7,500 — Rents $70; 2 new flats near Waller
- and Stanyan ets. • ' - -
$u,250 — Carl st.. near Stanyan; only $1000
cash; 2 splendid flats.
$4.250 — Big. bargain; 2 excellent flats;- Austin
street. .
• $3,500— Rents. $30; Fifteenth St.. near Mar-
. ket; 2 flats; lot 25x115.
$1,400 — Harriet et. ; 2 flats of 3 rooms each;
rents $12; lot 25x75. .
' . RESIDENCES.
$2o.000 — Washington st, northwest corner
Baker: modern house; lot 56x102.
$6,750— Only $1750 cash, balance $5000 can re-
main at 0"-~per cent;- new Eastlake
r house, 9 rooms and bath; Laurel st,
near Clay. ; ¦
$6.500— Only $1000 cash, balance on time;
¦ new modern Eastlake residence, 2-
Btory. basement and attic; finished In
• natural woods- '4 brick mantels; book-
'- cases; beam ceilings, etc. . "
f-l, 2uO — $500 cash; r.ew cottage, with splendid
marine view; near Hyde-st - cars; 5
rooms and bath. . ' ,--.'
v $6,000— Oak st. facing Golden Gate Park;
large lot 31x110; splendid ' house, 8
rooms and bath; a positive bargain.
$5,500— Pierce st, near Haight; modern Kast-
• lake house, 7 rooms, bath, basement,
near Duboce Park..
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$21,000 — Corner on Oak and Etanyan, facing
Golden Gate Park; 100x100. fc
$9,000 — Jones-st. corner. 70x00: marine view.
$5,750 — McAllister-st. corner, 49:6x100.
$S,000 — Steiner st, northwest corner Waller;
50x106:3. •
$4.000— Ccie st, NW. cor. Frederick: 23x100.
*2- 15 °— Waller st, corner Shrader; S0xl00:3;
$2.600 — Bcott et. near Geary; 25x93; choice
for flats.
$3.500— ValKjo tt. near Pierce: 27:6x137:0.
W,:500 — Devisadero st., near. Golden Gate
ave. ; 25x100, or 50 feet for $0000. " .
$1,850— Carl st, near Park; 25x137:6.
Send to our. office for "Buyer and .Seller."
containing full list of Improved and unim-
proved properties for sale; mailed free. ¦ ¦ '. ¦
BALDWIN & HOWELL. , .
¦ ¦ - 10 Montgomery st
INVESTMENT. * - ";' -'
PAYS 10 PER CENT NET. \
BUSINESS CORNER.
Price $16.600— Rents $150 per month.
•Prominent business corner In Western Addi-
tion; lot 32:(JxlCiO; splendid. building; drugstore
below with 5 rooms and bath, leased -for 3
years; 2 elegant modern flats soove of 8 rooms
and bath each; all eunny outside rooms; total
rents $150 per month; $10,000 mortgage at 6
per cent can remain if-dealred; If mortgage re-
mains property pays 17 per cent net
Particulars at office. . ; , ' • : :
BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
BARGAIN.
,$3600 for northwest corner, facing Golden
Gate Park, on Fulton or D Et.;-lot 132'-tfc.
200: .S) lots; a positive bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. lu Montgomery et.
PROPERTY FOR SALE BY
HOOKER & LENT. .'
14, POST STREET.
$26.800 — Near Eddy and Polk sts.; 6 flats-
. rents $195. .
$25,000 — Northeast corner on O'Farrell st, near
Leavenwcrth; size 50x00; fine location
for new building. - - ,
$21,600 — Larkin st, near McAllister; size 50x
87:6; will pay. large Income if im-
proved. . :
$17,500 — Rents $170; near Pine and Polk sts.;
lot 60x120; covered with. buildings.
$16,500 — Eddy Bt business corner; stores and
dwellings; rents $122 50 per month; lot
37:6x87:6. - . . ..... . -.
$16,000— Powell-st corner: rents- $133 . fcer
month; lot 67:6x100; covered with
*"1" buildings., " • *" - , ; -' " ¦ «,"
'-- - ¦ - - • — — ¦ ' ' : ' • '."• .9
$15,000 — O'Farrell st.; 3 large houses and lot
&5xl37:6; rents $120; choice location.
$15,000 — Larkln Bt.; rents $120 per month; let
61x100.
$12,000—3 flats on Sutter at., near Scott; rents
$90 per month.
$12,000— Business property; McAllister st; 3-
story building; rents $90.
$8.500 — % block from Market and Powell: 3-
story building and lot, 25x75; rents $61.
$8,000—3 flats on Fell st, near Scott; rents
$70 per month,
$3,500 — House, 7 rooms and bath, stable; San
Jose ave.; rents $22 per month.
$10,000 — Modern brick building, store and flats;
. rents $75; Stockton Et; a bargain. -
F. R. SURRYHNE,
REAL: ESTATE" AGENT,
138 MONTGOMERY ST. . . .-.
$3500— Reduced from" $4500; compulsory sale;
Stanyan st. short distance from the Park;
modern house, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x140.
$2800 — Near Geary and Stelner Bts. ; 2-story i
residence. 7 rooms and. bath ;^ porcelain, tub;
flush closet etc.; a bargain. • - . . ¦
$300 each — Building lots within 3 minutes'
walk of Mission st. and Cortland ave. ;. streets
macadamized and sewered. ¦ .- ;¦ -.
$10,000 — Clay Bt., near Leavenworth; elegant
residence, 10 rooms and bath; large lot. '-'
$7000 — Will submit any reasonable offer; Val-
lejo Bt., near Fillmore; modern residence, 8
rooms and bath, with an unobstructed marine
view; look at this at once.
94C50 — Grove Bt, near Gough; 2 fiats; rents
$37 60. . •
f7250— Rents $60 per month; Waller st; '2
modern flats; new.
'$10,000 — Turk et, near Fillmore; 3 modern
flats; rents $78 per month; could easily be in-
creased to $90.
$10,500— McAIlJster Bt; 3 new modem flats;
rents $105 per month. ' •' '¦ '
• $7000 — liuth ¦ st., near Devisadero; 2 new
modern flats; rents $00.
$10,500 — Broderick st, near McAllister; 3
modern flats; rents $92 50. •
$15,000 — Scott st; 4 modern houses; rents
$110. - . ' •
-$15,000 — Three elegant modern flats; rents
rents $127 00 per month; key lot on the Pan-
handle. -
$12.000 — Pine s t : 2 flats; rents ' $100 per
month; lot 37: 6x137:6.-
TO SECURE A HOME IS EASY! ¦,*-' --.•-'
It IS within reach of every rent paying man.
For the same monthly payments that- you now
waste In rent we sell. you a new modern house,
centrally located; consult ub.
We have two new cozy 5 and C room cottages
on the -Heyman tract. 632 Douglass st. and Al-
varado Bt.; model cottages; look at them; take
the' Mlsslon-et. cars and transfer to 22d.
Two-story house on the boulevard, -49th ave.,
will be rented In flats at $15 each.-
61x-room house on Lundy lane, opposite ter-
minus Valencia. '• ' • • ,
• $50 • down and $5 monthly. ' It gives . you a
chance of the benefit of the Increase in , prop-
erty: Follows: .'¦¦¦¦¦¦-.
$550 — Lot, 18th St., near Danvers; sewered. ¦
$750 — Corner 83x95; San Jose road, fronting
electric car, near ocean bea oh. .-¦' ' --¦ ,".
$450 — Corner 50x100, ' near station. Ocean
View: etreet graded. , .
$650 — 4-room Paris car house; lot 25x120;
ocean beach; brings $10 monthly rent ¦
$750 — 2 sets of cars,' 3 rooms each, • on one
lot 25x125; brings $12 a month; rented by the
. Heyman tract lots from $200 to $800.
$350— Lots each 23x08 : . Clarendon .-Heights,
»ear Stanyan st:: fine view. ¦ . ' . ;
• Grand ocean beach lots near Golden Gate
Park from $160 to. $550. .
$50 and $7S — Beautiful Elmhurst railroad sta-
tion lots, 25x125 each.' at $5 down," $1 monthly;
45 minutes' ride from city. •'
JACOB HEYMAN i CO.,: '
: ' ' . ' :. 117 . Sutter .st.
A HOME docBn't mean a rented house. ".'
The real home ls owned by the family llv-«
inr in it. . - ¦..¦¦¦ - ¦¦ ¦ :-.'¦ • '
.That's the sort of a home you want •
$8 00 a month— Large 3-room cottage; 'level
lot; fronting San Mateo electric cars.
$10 00 -a month — Cottage of 4 rooms;- outhouse
,- and level lot;. near. Cortland ave.'- "
$12 00 a month — New. 4-room cottage; sanitary
plumbing; • high basement and' close, to
• • MiEsion-Et cars. . ' . / ' ' ; • •
$20 00 a month — Larg# 5-room oottoAJ; with
•¦ latest improvements'; 1 block from22d-
• .st. cars. -, ...-•...-,;
$10 00 a month — Level building . lots, " 25x125
each ; graded and ' EeweTed : 1 25 . f t. from
¦ Guerrero-Bt "cars; only 2 left.-" ¦¦¦¦¦¦ .'.''¦:
' $5 00 a month— Level building lots, one block
from Kentucky, st, -near "Union', Iron
Works and' Potrero. -. -, ' .
$5 00 a month — Large lots ofie block from 22d-
> st' electric cars. *-".'¦•... . . • ¦ .
$5 00 aaionth— Fine lots; with marine "view;
-. "" 200 feet' from boulevard.^ 1 • > ... -'" .
$5 00 a month— Building lots on and near San
Bruno road. wSBt&^^^TSPZE&iEQi
$10 CO a montli — Lot 25x75; on Shipley st, near
Fifth.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post Et
ItEAL ESTATE-—CITY~FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., '- - - - ; ¦ r •
>.;'.;.-•::• . . ¦ C3s ; market- st.
• ¦ -' *, . a ij c no*s , ¦¦.¦•'• r •-¦-*¦. ¦ * .
TUESDAY.".. ..;.... ... ... ... ' April S. 1902
- At Our Salesroom. No. 6.18 Market St., .¦)',
"'¦ .... at 12- O'clock Noon:; -.' . : '•* ' ;
- MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLA.TS. *
North : sjde (Nos. 2624-2C24A Eush et ). ' S7 :6
feet .east of -Broderick; two swell- new- up to
date sunny flats) 7-9 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.;
marble steps, dome ceilings; pays $S40 per an-
num; lot 26x137:6 feet. ,; .' '
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT. -.
North side <Nos.' 3422-3424) -Nineteenth st,'
105 feet west of- Mission; twp well built houses
6 rooms and bath, with- separate basements;
rents $42 per month;: lot 25x85 feet."
¦ WESTERN ADDITION : HOME. 9 \ '
East' side (No. 710? .Webster, st. : 107 . feet
north of Grove; a two-story ¦¦> residence of 6
rooms and bath, with stable; large lot. 30:6x77
feet. • ¦ '._ .. . '....' ¦'• ' -.-:- -.'---'
HARRIET STREET ' FLATS. ' ."¦¦
SouthweBt side (Nos. 84-80-88) Harriet Bt,.
'75 feet northwest of Folsom; three. modern well
built-' flats "5-5-0 rooms and • bath- each and rent*
ing for $S90 per annum; lot 27x75. ft. . - ' .
FOLSOM STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
I Northwest slda (No. 1020) Folsom st , 1 75 feet
eouthwest of Harriet, three-story" frame build-
ing, containing store and 4- flats.-- all in good
condition and centing low at $840 per annum;
lot 25x75 feet. . , !
MISSION WARM 'BELT HOME.
South side (No. 29) Dorland Bt. 285 feet west
of Guerrero: large v two-story dwelling of. 8
rooms and bath; could be easily converted into
flats; large lot, S0:Sxll5 feet' ''.
COZY RICHMOND HOME. '- . ¦'
West side (No. 223) Eleventh ave., 250. feet
south of California st. ; a neat 8-room cottage;
modern and up to date; ; high- basement,, etc.;
lot 25x120 feet. ' ' ¦ ' .• '., ".
•MISSION COTTAGE. " -
j East Bide (No. 235) .Douglass: st. 145 feet
north of Nineteenth ; handsome" modern ' cottage ¦
of 5 -rooms and bath; brick foundation; lot 25"
X.125 feet. . ¦' •,;, .\v '.'.. .;,'. _^ . .; - '; f ' .-,
BAKER STREET COTTAGE.
West side (No. 1413) Baker st, 100 feet south
of Sutter; a well built- cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, with plenty of light and sun; on your
own^ terms; lot 25x100' feet . . • • • :
' CHURCH STREET COTTAGE. ;:'-
. West side '(No. 1504) Church st. 30 feet south
of Twenty-seventh; modern cottage, 7 rooms,
bath and brick foundation; 10-foot; basement;
lot 25xso. ¦ .' ...-'•;, :.,-. . '.. .,, .;¦
SIXTEENTH STREET BUILDING LOTS.
South side of Sixteen* h st. 271:8% feet west
of Market: two fine lots, level and ready for
building; lots each 26x130 feet each. . .- .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. , . ,¦ 638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. ' .
.638 MARKET ST.
$75,000 — Grand corner on Market Bt, near.
. ;.- Franklin; lot 75x124 feet; 3 frontages;
. this is the cheapest'lot on 'Market st
" and will double In value in -the next
; few years. ' . " . •
$20,000 — Rents $2350' per annum; 90 feet front-
. age on Montgomery ave. by 137:0 feet
" \ • Mo a main street In the rear; 4 stores
• with living: rooms in rear; 4 houses ot
7-12 'rooms and -'bath each; and three
flats 5 rooms and bath each; a big ln-
¦> " crtof* . in value Is assured to this
property. '- . -
$36,000— Six new elegant modern 1 corner ; flat's
• ' In' the best portion of Golden -Gate
ave. ; . facing Jefferson square; rents
$3C90 per annum ; lot ' 55x100 . feet ;
$26,500— Three modern flats, 8-8-0 rooms and
bath; north of Market st; only three
blocks from Market and Powell; lot
-25x137:0 feet: rents $2000 per annum.
• $9,000 — Two swell new modern flats of 7' rooms
and bath each; on Page st. near Park
Panhandle; rents $990. per annum; lot
. .27:6x137:6. •» ::-.- : .. ,;. . -. j ; ,..-.:
$S,5C0 — Three new modern flats of C-7-8 rooms
• and bath; rents ,$900 per annum; Jack-
Bon st, near Devisadero; lot 23x127 :SV1
; ' . - .. feet ' -..',.. ;. -.. ¦ .¦ .- _
. $S,000 — Store and five well bullt'flats. only 100
, feet from Sixth st; near Howard; lot
42x75 feet.. - - V •
$0,500— Four flats; substantially built; on Te-
hama st.. near Fourth; rents $708. per
'annum; lot 35x80 feet. , • ... .
$4,C00-»Four fine flats of -4-5. rooms;.. near
; -.. Eleventh and Folsom Bts. ; new roof;
.- i 1 . .-.;*.. new' plumbing; .lot 48x75 feet; rents.
• ' $52S per annum. -. ". 1 ¦ - :-
$3,750—2 cottages on Ellis st, near Scott; lot
30x75 feet. • ;. • : . - .
$500 ca3h, balance same as rent; new mod-
, ern cottage of 0 rooms, porcelain' tub,-
etc.; Just finished; up to date In all
details; best part of Ashbury Heights;
¦ close to electric cars; price $3000 '--•'
$2,000 — "Well-built cottage with stable; on
Harriet st; near Bryant; ; lot 25xS0
- - feet. ¦ -.- -¦..¦¦ '. * ; • ¦ . \. (
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' as Market at" '
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents -Collected. Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
024 MARKET ST.
$47.C00— Rents $330 - per month; Eddy; st,
eaat of Van Ness ave.; ti elegant modern flats
oi S and » rooms and two baths in each -flat
$75,000— Rents .$130 per month; choice cor- 1
ner. Fourth st, near Market; good substantial !
building. . '.. ' , -.' ¦ '• :
$57,500— Rents $300 per month ;• choice NE.
corner on Post st, close to Paciflc Union Club
site: good substantial 4-Btory - and basement
! building - - ... ;. . • 1 - ;
$7000 — Brannan st, ' close to Fourth; lot. 30x
160 leet: two frontages; 2-story modern build- •
ing upon same; rent $60 per month. : .-¦> • -
*35,OOC> — Lots 75x137:6 feet; close to Post anrl
Jones sts.; old improvements; rents $125 per
month. •- ¦ ¦ . • .
, $32,500 — Lot and Improvements; close to Sut-
ter "and. Mason -sts.;; rents $104 per month;
lanre lot ... .- • - 1 . ¦ -
elegant corner in Western Addi-
tion; three frontages'; improvements, consist- I
ing of flats and store, rents $108 per month.
$l:i.500 — Eight flat3 close to Fourteenth and
Valencia sts. ; rents . $124 per month.
$11,600— Three new flats on Hayes st, near
Fillmore,- containing 7 and 8 -rooms and • bath ; i
rents. $115 per month.- . ..,.:. , 1
$3250 — Lot 25x106:3, close to Panhandie.
$22,500— North eide of Plnejst, near. Van
Ness ave. : an elesant 14-room : residence, fin-
ished basement and attic; 2 baths, furnace and
wlneroom; lot 40x137:6 feet. • '
$4500 — Laguna st, near Ellis; : a' good rest- ¦
dence- containing .8 rooms and bath: rented at
present for $32 50 Der month. .¦ . • . .
.$5500 — Hotel in Mission, containing 30 rooms
and baths; completely furnished; lot 40x100 ft
$25,500— Rents' ?1&5 pfer month; lot 65x90
feet; 6 good two-Btory houses upon same; close
to Sutter and Buchanan ets.' •¦•'.-.-•-,
$3000— Lyon st, near Sutter; lot 30x109 feet;
old improvements; rent $25 per month; tenant
pays water. . . ... , . ¦•,_ -.¦.
Further particulars of , • . - . ". •
BOVEK, TOY & SONNTAG. 624 Market st.
CENTER & SPADER, .I ¦¦'.-[
II Montgomery Bt (Lick Hduse Block). '
$16,500— Snap; rents $145; 3 hew modern flats"
on Sacramento st; contain 7,; 8 and- $
rooms, basement, etc.; lot 25x130
$15,000— Rents $1450; Buchanan Bt.f Just fin-
ished; 3 up-to-date flats, ; 7. 8 and 8
. rooms, porcelain .. tubs, patent wash-
J trays, electric appliances, ¦ etc.; ¦ lot
• 25x110. 1 -: ¦¦ r--.; i£.
$6,500 — $720 per annum; 6 flats"; always' rent-
••• ed;, large lot, 44xS0; Clara Bt, near
.. ¦'.-.- Sixth. • • . . . ., -. ;-
$10.000— Fulton Bt, near Devlsadero; new up-
to-date flats; rent $85; lot. 30x137
. $5,500— Fillmore Et., near Oak; choice lot for
.: fiats; note the size, '37:6x110 ¦ ¦ :
$5,500— G rove st. , near Lyon ; modern • flats, ' 0
1 *•• rooms, bath' and basement; rents $510
/ per annum; lot 25x137:6. , : •;
filock on Folsom and Twentieth sts; and Treat
ave., In subdivisions of 25x122:6 and
• .25x95; one-third -cash. '6 per cent in-
terest; streets paved .with bituminous
. rock and cement sidewalks. ' < ¦-• . ¦
$5,000— Modern :-flats, .- 5 ' and - 0 roonis, / with
. • ' stable;- on Folsom st.', near- Twenty-
first: cheap.-. , -
" $2,650 — Snap; 2-story ¦ house, 6 rooms, on Shot-
well St.; :: near : Twentieth, renting for
$20; lot 30x122:6; stable In rear- lot
worth price- asked; don't' miss this' -,
$3,700— Post st;, near Scott; another snap- lot
• ¦ 25x87:6; with 2 cottages; rents $25* ¦¦;'¦
$1,300 each— 3 large Jots. ; 28x00 each; on *A1-
... ¦ .pine st; near. Ridley; extended view •
¦¦u close to Halght-Bt. cars."-. . . . ..'
$3, 500- -Harrison st, ¦ near 'Third; I' 2-story
house,-. 7 rooms, renting ' for $25; lot
• •' ¦'-..' 25x85. , ¦-..•¦• .-.- ... •;. ..,',.. - ..,
' $8,500 — Rents $930 per annum; 3 swell flats In
;the Mission; only one yearold; lot 25
."-. y ' •¦¦¦.'xlOO:; see thin; It's a ; bargain. -j---..--t
i" We" have several gdod blocks and larger cor-
ner lots for sale -in. Mission- arid; Potrero suit'-'
able for factory purposes: send or call 'for par.
ttculare.", ¦-..•;,•¦-•-. ,.". ; CENTER & SPADER., ."
30x137:6 FOR ?3000: Pacific Heights.: THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st. - . v y , \v
$2700— A BEAUTIFUL Broderiek-st.'lot;' r'earty
to build on: '.THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mar-
\ -ket st. ; . ' ,-•: ',.¦'..¦• '¦".'¦-.: ."':. . :-, .-.;:: ..- - -, ;.\"
$SfiCip— PAGE-ST; Investment; double frontage
, . THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St." v'.*v;
$1100 — MISSION cottage, and' lot; easy ¦ terms.
,. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 1 646 Market Bt.'y.:.>- J;j
HOUSE for, Baief-House of 1 8 . rooms and j bath ;
sunny; • on ( car line. ;f , Particulars 1C08 , Guer-
rero ' st; j near 25th. .'¦•¦' : , ; >~&J3£giM ' '. • :
REAI/A ESTATE— CITY— FOR ' S*IiE."
McAFEE "BROTHERS," " . ' -J-'v .' ': '-*- '••X*-."' ';
: - 108 Montgomery st,; San .Francisco.
<" -7. A : snap— In MiBslon warm belt ; flne i corner
on 21st ' St.",.; near ; Valencia ; r 12-room ¦ house ;
';¦; property' stands the owner; over $9000; would
; make » a J flne ¦• business « corner ; c , price ' reduced
: to SUOOO,' 1 to 'make' aulck- sale. .-
TWELFTH AND HARRISON.. <
'¦:, .Northeast corner; 1 must^e sold immediate-
'¦¦ ly to ! close -. estate; 1 size , of • lot • 50x100; , the
heirs 'will refuse no reasonable offer for thl3
: t.'l0t; ¦"'¦,-- .'¦:. ; ¦:>::¦¦•¦ ¦.'-¦'. ; , : :¦:•: •¦ ¦
.; ,;BUCHANAN-ST. ' FLATS. ;. ' ¦ ' _ :.
%.¦;'¦' Three flne new modern flats ;¦ sunny, lot; i-
.7-6 rooms ; » all rented for $112 50 monthly ;
:• price $13,000. .;//--'¦' ''-.. :.;....;: . -..- ¦;,-:.•
. •¦¦' -/:¦- --FOR FLATS. " . _
" - Lot on - north ' Bide of Post st.. near La-
guna; 25x137:6; only $aC60. : •'¦'¦'•-, ."
; PANHANDLE COTTAGE. /,
¦ ':. Fine' S-room '• cottage on north side,- of
- street;, eunny. key lot; price $3000, or will
:' take .unimproved -Panhandle i property; no
, reasonable . offer : refused. • '^ '.-.,..-
' ; . .- .NEAR 16th AND MARKET.
' !. 4-room cottage;* lot -28x70; price $1800. v |
". ' ' ¦ ¦ -i- SHRADER ST. "- ;¦ " .• ''.I
;'.. -Best- block; - flne modern " flats.'- 5 "and "0 j
rooms; rent $57 00; price $(350.
BROADWAY. ', LOT AND : IMPROVEMENTS .
- On i the north side > of ¦ Broadway, near Bu-
. chanan; 61:3x137:6;; or will subdivide; one of
¦ : the , few remaining choice | pieces left In this
-: location; . unexcelled marine view; . price
. $25,000. -.:•¦ , , -r, ¦'- '.:: ' ¦'¦¦ . ' - - ' , •' ¦ ,
j'c-'t-v .. PAYS 0 PER CENT.NET. * •
'¦'-. Fine modern ; brick' building; not far from
• , Market ¦ st. ; ' a: flne Investment property; ¦" a
'•„ quick ¦ sale desired ; owner would consider
•taking, in $15,000 or $20,000 property in part
payment. :• Price $120,000. - ¦ ' ¦..
¦ WALLER-ST. :HOME, NEAR- SCOTT.' ..
':; Twc-story •;• and ¦ basement; ¦ seven " rooms
• andbath in) flne condition; lot 30x110; will
¦1 exchange, for 'smaller property; price $5250. jj
•¦¦'".: ' .. - ..VERY CHEAP.-. ' - ¦
- Two nice lots "on the north 'side of Twen-
• tleth st, 'between Church and' Sanchez; 25x
= 114 each;: price only $800 each; look at -these
" lots;, might shade this -price 'a little. ; .".'*'•
• : - : MARINE VIEW , LOT. ' f , -:¦ ¦¦ -
• Fine lot. on Vallejo Bt, ¦ near Scott; ; 63:1%
: xl37:0; or'wlll. subdivide; owned by. estate;
heirs very anxious to sell; price $175 per foot.
1 . FOUR' ROOMS AND BATH. . :
• "In the Mission;, pretty, and new bay-win-
dow- cottage; only $1600. •' . ...-.-
.WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE/ ; r-<
Five-room - cottage on ' Bldeman St.; .near
- Ellis; rents for- f 12 50; price $1600.-'
. . 69:6x137:6 ON VALLEJO ST."
Marine - view lot;, 30 feet from corner of
. Bakerr a bargain ;• price only $3500. ' . .
RICHMOND LOTS. ;
'• . Block bounded by Clement, Fourteenth and
. ; Fifteenth aves. ; ' very ; cheap ; Iota • $700 and
! upward ; ; street ¦> work .all done ; . very cheap
¦>, lots; send i for plat v , '. -..-' % .-¦..-! -; > ¦•'
' > . . MASON, NEAR UNION.'
-'Three-story,, house; -.2 frontages; cheap;
' only $4000. \v .
,'..¦-¦ .- McAFEE ' BROTHERS,
. '. '¦} ¦ ¦• .108 Montgomery st.>
O.'.D." BALDWIN & iSON. 7 ;*
. . ¦ • • • ...... ¦ ( ¦ . 22 Montgomery st.
$23,000 — Hyde st". near. Geary; 4>ux»<:6; Just
the place i'or ayartnieni hou«e or hutel;
. -present improvemeuta, rent lor uouut
" *i^o. '•;.¦¦¦ ,-:; a ' • .-¦ • ¦ '
$24,000 — i\ents ?155 per month; good improve-
7 menu; • cuolue business corner, ooxsu;
, . beet uusuieta street 4 in the- Mission..' .
$8,600 — KentB »w<a per annum; 3 fine flats Of
.6, 'i and a rooms ana bath each; Jack-
bun st., Pacinu Jtieighis; a nrat-claas
Investment. .. '•: .' . " ' ' ,- ' .- • - • .
$2,100— (Joiner u: r'rancisco and Jones sts.';'5
' lots ; only 10 steps irom ' Montgomery
•-- ave. ; *2100 lor ail. . "...-' " > '!'\ ' /
$45,000 — Kme curner wita three frontages, . on
, -Poik;. st., 250 , leet frontage; present
' . rental fjiOu;. can : be T readlly raised;
' -' ' cheapest piece 'of inside' property -on
the market; offered at v this low; price
to close an estate. ¦ . •;
/$7,000 — Presidio.. Height*; NW.'. corner lot,
'. : ¦ 47:0x110; marine view; very cheap.
'•¦ ; ' . SEE THIS.' ¦
$3,500— Fine house or l> rooms and bath; 1617
.. - Sanchez : st, near ,Twenty,-ninth; open'
¦ ;-lor 'inspection; a bargain. . .. , , .'
$18,000 — Rents $155; 3 handsome , aplendldly
built new flats of 8 rooms and bath
•¦ each; large lot on sunny side of but-
-ttr st; flne location. . *
$850— Lot 25x75, on Church st., near 23d. '•
$1,760— 2«x75; lota on 17th\ st.'neaT Diamond;
¦¦¦:. on grade and accepted; only one block
from- Castro and 'lSth-st ' Cars. ¦
$750 — lTth St., near L>ouglaas; lots 25x85; 2
. ' frohtases. ¦' ¦*¦ v'-.i '. J' ¦ . '.= •¦ -
$1,100 — Lot - ZoxlOO; ,' Clement \ st. near ; . Sec-
. ond- ave.-. '.- -...-¦ • v" - " ¦•
$2,75O : -Reduced k .from $3000; lot. 25x100" on
¦ sunny side of Haight. st, near Baker;
: ' cheajfest ; on the ; street. : .\ ' ..'<?* ¦-:
$1,000 — Lots on north line of Geary st;f west
" of Central ave.; 25x100; street work,all
' -;. > done; cable cars; only, $1000 each. - -
$5,000 — Fine - cottage 'of ..7 .- rooms; . porcelain
.bath, .two toilets, concrete-, basement :
; .-and yard; -Scott st, .near Hayes. I •- -->!
$6,000 — Two ¦' lovely cottages of 6 rooms and
- bath each; lot . '60x117:6 to an alley;
Bartlett st.,- near Twenty-fourth;
* -warm belt. : . .
$2,500 each— Three "elegant level lots; Larkln.
. j... st, near ; Paciflc; - : 25x87:6; street' ac-.
" _" "cepted; Just the.place for flats.''
¦ $7,000 — Corner on Ninth st.". 50x100; a bargain.
$2, 500— Rents ] $28 per month ; 2-story house.
- saloon below: ¦ flat of • 6 rooms above;
Clara st,.'near Fourth. - ; . - :.-
$42,000 — Choice corner on Van-Ness ave., 60x
1 • 109 feet; flne hotel site.
$12,50O- : -Rents $105;. I two -splendid new, flats,
5 -;~6 and. 7 room's and bath each; finished.
. • in' natural woods and 'perfect In all,
- respects; McAllister st. ; fine location.
; , P.P. BALDWIN^ & SON.; '
SPECK tc CO..' 667 Market St., ' ,
•Opp. Kearny. Real- Estate 'Agents and
.-'•-. -Rent Collectors. ; ¦ -. .
$175,000— Corner ¦ within 2 blocks from' Market
and • Powell sts. : • modern brick build-
¦ ing; stores and 100 rooms; rents about
"- $900. - •'• • ¦:. - -.; • -- ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦--
$55.000— Half block from' -Orpheum, -1 block
-.'from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood- building; - stores • and lodging
¦ - houses. ;; -"'» " „'. -^ ¦ •".-."'.' -;¦ ' ", ¦• ¦¦;• • ¦..;'
$50,000— O'Farrell-st. corner, inside 'of Larkin;
; 70x77:6 feet: rents $2S5; mortgage
'i~ $24,000 can remain. . " :
$45,000 — Secohd-st. corner, <: few blocks from
Market st; partlyi Improved; lot 130
' : xlOO feet. ¦¦¦ . J .v
$35,000— McAllister, st; corner; 85x93; good lm-
..!¦'.- provements ;. rents $220. ¦' ¦' '.¦¦¦; ¦"
$30,000 — Fine business corner; ' 3 1 stores and 6
flats; building, cost < $25,000; lot 6S:0x
,71; rents $2450 per year. :' ¦ . • ¦
$30,000— Geary Bt, near Jones; I flne improve-
-• ¦ . ments; rents $170. • '•; ¦ ¦¦ •• .. . ' •
$17,500— New- Post-st.' flats; "east of Larkln st;
•. -.pay. 8 per. cent. '. :. ¦- '••:• -,- .- - --..
$22,500 — North Beach gore corner; 75x110 feet:
stores and flats; rents $215. > • .
$ll,C00- ; 'Modern. flats; near Hyde and Sutter
¦ ¦ 1 sts;; rents $90.^ c " .¦•-*: ¦ •¦ : ¦- ¦
$10,000— Golden Gate She. flats; lot" 27:6x120
-:¦:; -¦¦ : feet ;.-2' frontages; rents $77 50; this is
" '¦ .' « a bargain. v'.- • •¦
$9,500— Rents $103; • lot ; 5Ox80; - downtown* ln-
• vestment. ¦ ¦ - -•¦•¦¦¦'¦¦ ' . r - r
' $5,500- : -Geary-Et. corner; -¦ 62 " feet" frontage;
half ot'property improved; cheap buy.
$5,500 — 0 flats; hal?. block from new postofflce
1 ¦-.¦" buildinis; rents $52. f; :
$2,000 to $3000— Cottages : In '. ' Mission - and
Western Addition. Call for list
¦•"',-. -'¦"¦¦¦' 'RESIDENCES.. . --.'. - • ¦-:'«. : ':
$15.000 — Modern Jackson-st residence; 12 rooms
¦ - . ' . and baths; • rents $100; near- Alta
» T ¦- • '.Plaza.- -.-¦-. ¦-'.. .- ¦ . . ¦
$17,000— Paciflc ¦ Heights residence; north* side;
• .10 rooms and baths; flne marine view: \
. lot -48xl37:6-f«et.' ; '-.¦•".' '¦:¦<¦
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY. - - -,
$41,000-^NW. cor. California -and Jones sts.,
» -. »'. '; 115x105; 2; Mocks from proposed : Fair-
• m«5nt*. Hotel ;: vlf ."! Improved according
• - ' ; to our plans, can get tenant at $1900
•' per month. •«¦' .. ¦ .- •••.;. ..-
$30,000 — 137:6x128; northwest corner. Gough st;
marine and panoramic' view; . choice
„ residence • site. ¦•'. . _, " ;. ... ¦ :.'
$5,000 — 100x100; 1 block from GQlden Gate
. ¦¦¦¦. Park.- ¦ ' ..- . "-;..'¦. . ' -.-. -.- -,
' $3,500—75x250 feet; Castrp-st {corner; 3 front-
¦ -.-, ¦ ¦' ages: : • ¦ ..- ; ¦'-.*•¦".; ; >¦" .: • ¦;¦ • >¦ -. .
' •''',.'. - SPECK A CO.* 667 Market. st.'
HAWKS & SKELTON. .. „ _ ,-¦""",
• Rents Collected- and • Entire Charge Taken' •.
. ¦ -. • .¦..-•:' of Property. • -*J ... ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ - v ¦*
.'., $10, 000-^-In vestment In this city; 22 acres on
popular drive; street cars nearby; some build-
ings; good soil; might be subdivided now at a
good profit or held for a few years and Increase
rreatly In value/, ;•;-'.' .'¦" • ,, ¦ - - '
« $60,000 — Kearny-st.".: property,- < paying' 5 '-per
ccnt"< net: good, brick building; -in heart of re-'
tail distrlcti . -¦ ¦ :*:¦¦¦¦_¦, -v*'C-.-,\ •¦*;-.*. -;3;<K<*,;
U- $6600— O'Farrell-st' Investment, nr.v Laguria ;
rents • $50; '; never vacant ; lot - is ¦, nearly .worth
• the ' price. ;'-." ¦¦¦[ '.' .- ' '¦ • - ¦ '• , ••¦ ••• -' - - -
,$2U0O— Pays big interest;! $360 rents' per^an-
num; Zoe st.;;near Third. and Brannan; in gooil
repair. '¦ > ; .'->v'-'i :v.»w ¦••¦•«.¦>¦¦;¦.¦/ "v,--y ":.'."...•-;;,>;...:
; . side ", Sutter Bt.'. ¦; between • Baker
and ' Lyon ; good • house, - 7 1 rooms ¦ and > bath.' •-. ?
, ¦ $4000— Lot on i Leavenworth , st.; near . Green ;
50x«iO; close to^Hyd*. or Union st. cars; will
pay > well -.It. improved." . ,¦•¦-": -. .-. : . ' . .-
.' :$3000 — Lot ; - SE. "corner . Larkln' and Filbert
sts.i" 41xG2; choice slte;for home or flats."- > -'
; $4500— Lot in ¦ Chestnut. '.' near v Stockton ; 68 :9
xl37; street- accepted; ;¦ . wiIIh pay ¦ weiK to ¦ im-
prove: will divide .In three lots . If deMred." ' / '_•-'
*r. $6500— Lot S.' Bide ' Jackson, near Walnut;' 50'
•xlOO;'- near .cars and -Presidio. •--?<¦ ¦ ' ¦• ¦ -' -"
- , HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery, st .
GEO. THISTLETON> & CO.,; ¦.¦'¦-¦;:'.:¦¦} -.. - — . -•.
'¦¦'¦¦¦¦ Real .1 Estate. .'Agents. . Oeean View," Cal.'- ¦'¦¦'.
HOMES > INt SIGHT OF ' THE • GRAND- OLD
•:¦ -..\ ...,-- -. '.'..:.' OCEAN.*; '--.- . - ; ;-- -:»•
• :The" San Franclscoanji'San'Mateo. cars stop
at Sadowa Bt... Ocean. View. :..
..-=;; You can 1 buy ; neat • cottages, '-. and ; flne ¦: level
lots,: at a 'less price; than: in any -suburb ;of.
San ,1 Francisco, v -.-". . .' :.J- -.-. • ¦ -¦ .. .- . . ¦¦ t
> A neat 4-room cottage, 2 large lots, 1 . In choice"
location; -must;, be sold for • less ; than .cost -of
the two lots." •••;.' 1 ••.•¦'...'¦¦.:.' '¦ • f,---'r.^-~-
• j Four level 1. lots,' 25x125 • each ; ', worth at - least
$800;'- must - be . sold *for > $400 < or ; less. ".- iv" - .
¦ • Other; property:, In', proportion. ¦, : Stop f car ¦ at"
Sadowa' st.; : Ocean -View. , y- -. • • .' V, .." •
"¦.THISTLETON'B. office rand, residence, 272
Sadowa ¦ fit: ; i telephone , Capp^2425. : -> .(. i'/. y. .
• BARUAIN^-New house'. of.; 6 roomV-and 'bath':
"'all' modern ¦: imorovementn."* besides store '• and
x ; t living-rooms J in flower u floor; >. cheap; .' ;: easy-
¦ ., terms.' ; Bee '• owner : on i premises . NW. corner
¦' ¦;- Chen'ery and Fairmount sts. '.* ¦ ; ¦ ; ¦; ¦¦:. .; -
$5000 — NEW-' 8^r60m colonial ' res;; N.E. ¦ cor.' 8th
•.' ave.'! & Lake* st ; 50x72; fin.: attic, basement."
ItEAL ES^ATJE^^rrY-~jgOB '^SAIiE.
A--r TIME, , TIDE and -'the Trusty Turn . • V J
\\ ait no^ for , the ; buyers who , - - - *-<< : J." *.
••-...Walts.", •.¦ if these offers interest ! you-^ -
I See them Sunday," buy. them Monday;
lento one they'll: be deposit-covered
." Tuesday.-" ;. .. ¦ .¦¦¦¦¦¦ .... * .... i.- .,
TWO FLATS— • ....... ¦..- --
Neat, modern, decent flats of four and five
. rooms;- well -rented; on Twenty-third st.
near • the cars ;. down ' around ' the east " sec-
_'»• . -'Uon;tnot'.m the 'hill places?' price,; $2450.
TW O-STORY HGUSE-^,'.',- >.'¦¦
. On Bernal ave.; near'cars ; opposite Howafd
St.; a swell two-story affair; In every sense
clever, and .modern; terraced garden .and
' * anc y: bulkhead ; _ In the „ neighborhood ; of
flne houses; a stralght-away view of greater
... _. San :• Francisco :- one • minute 1 from Mission
and Twenty-sixth : . sts.-; price, $2250." • .-
HERE'S OUR .'•'.¦-->.;<¦'•¦; r"-'-;.
SUNDAY LEADER! < , :
A -new, cottage; five rooms and. bath; Un-
crusta : dadoes; ¦ tiled' sink;- porcelain tub;
, . china' closet; cement wash trays; gas, etc.;
. J . built by the owner. for "himself; he wants
.- $2500.'. but ' we hold the' contract "and have
• ' a hundred or twp to say about the- price ;
see it to-day;- at Army and Harrison," next
-. -j .to northeast corner. -. : : ," ¦"¦ "¦
THERE "ARE OTIJERS!
$4250— Lot : 50x105,. on ' Church st, between
Nineteenth . and Twentieth; a .home on it '
- $8500— Three beautiful flats , on Folsom* st. ;
rents '$806. . »< ¦ -
; $33, 500—1 SO f aet on Sixteenth st ; cor. ; Imp.
Siaso — House and lot on Merrltt st; terms
If wanted. . . . ., :...•" ... .
. $1750 — New 5-robnt cottage on Prospect ave.
near Mission.;, pretty, i .... .
$13,500— Sixty lots on Silver ave. and Bruno
road; nowthen! ¦ ¦'.'_; • '¦ .. . ',
i $17B0^May be less; nice home; Moultrle ave!;
.weH'In.:'" '; ' -. y ak " . ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ". •
$45,000— The finest pRce of business property
on Valencia st. ; ) well j rented ; elegant archi-
tecture ; I nearly new; f r-yv
$2200-r-A,Church-st." home; near Twenty-sec-
ond;mortgage $1300; rents $150.
Five 'flne lots on- Vulcan st, near
Clara ave.; a 'chance. l '
• $5250 — Four flata on Capp st., near Twenty-
fourth; . rents $636 : a year;: the safest 10 per
cent snap in the Mission to-day ¦'
Persons genuinely interested may call to-day
(Sunday).' at the residence of Mr. Doyle 847-
Howard st. (phone South 847). or at the offices
Monday. . . .
' DO YLE-PRYAL COMPANY, ,
¦ Mission Realty Specialties, ;>>
. ..-479 Valencia st. near Sixteenth. .
* - Phone -Church 2101.
LYON & HOAG. - U
"„' - 114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$6,200— Rent $80; near 2d and Folsom sts.: flne
' . *'-V ' • ¦ two-story . and - basement bay-window
.'?.,¦'" nats containing 5 and tt rooms, baths,
,_j etc., eafh; two "manteU In each flat;
• : cheap. ,. .-
- $5,000— Natoma st.,. near 7th; three flats rent-
ed for $44: lot 25x75 feet; rents could
SXStfiSS raised: near new Postofflce.
$6,250— Fine modern residence on Oak st.'fac-
-. -." . .Ing the Park; 9 rooms, bath. etc. ; ; lot
25x137:6. . . -
$5,500 only— Nice residence on Devisadero st.
¦'...'".,• near • Washington; contains 8 rooms,
bath, etc.; lot 25x120; lot alone worth
$15,000— Sacramento st.,' near. Montgomery; 2-
story and basement brick building; lot
, 30x137:6 feet; rent $90.
$2.750— A pretty bay-window cottage on Fourth
¦ ave., near California • st. ; ¦¦ contains 5
I»"*wl lar K e sunny rooms and bath; Iot25xl20.
$5,000— Rent $50; Broderick-st. flat3 ; brand
• ¦'.-..;• new;- containing: 5 room3 and bath'
.io'*«y» each; lot has over 30 feet of frontage.
fli, BOO— Geary-st business property, near La-
j guna; extra. large lot. 34x137:6 feet;
store and 5 rooms and 2 8-room flats
'" above; rent $00; could be Increased; a i
bargain. -
$4,000— Harrison st, near Tenth; 2 flats of 5
. ' "^ : and 6 rooms; rents' $31; lot 25x75.
*l,8W— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
~ '•' " 100; Iowa st, near Twenty- third. ¦ i
$65,00O T -Rent $400; splendid Corner. Investment
i ¦¦''¦'. v '- on Eddy st, close to town; stores and
flats; good building.-
$3,500— Hartford st, near Twentieth; lot 23x
.125; 2-story bay-window house • of 7
. rooms and bath. -. • - • -
$2,400— Twenty-flrst - at., near/. Bryant; bay-
. ¦ window cottage,'- 5 rooms ¦ and bath-
basement; lot 25x93.
$1,300 — Cottage of 5 rooms, -close to cars and
• Union Iron Works; rent $12.
$3,000 — Fillmore Bt, Hear Filbert: corner 2-
* story house of 10 rooms and bath: lot
- " 32:6x82:0. ,
$6,250 r -Twenty-thIrd St.; new flats; near Hbw-
.- ard st; 3 flne flats, 5 rooms and bath-
modern; sunny, side of '-street: big bar- i
. gain; flne location. - -
$2,525-77340 Cumberland close - to V20th 5 and
: , Church;- brand new 2-story house of 8
, ,,-. rooms; porcelain bath; '2 mantels' lot
25x114; price reduced; biggest bargain
/ fever offered: -see It at once.
McALLISTER-ST. INVESTMENT :
$12,000— Splendid 3-story building' stores and 2
• -flats; rent $90; bis lot, 20x120; not far
from Octavla st " •
We .publish a monthly illst,^ containing, full
description . of both Improved and unimproved
property for sale In all sections of the city
which we will cheerfully send to you
. LYON & HOAG,
¦ ¦ ¦ ~ • ¦ : ¦¦ 114 Montgomery st
JOSEPH STRAUB, .-; :. :'. .: -
-' ¦ :- 850 Market, st, 'corner Stockton.
: Telephone Grant 177."- '
• - . . : Real'Estkte: Agent ':"---.•'..;: .
¦n 'l '-A W- : v Bought 'and Sold.
Rents Collected.
-. $6.000— r2-story house of 6 -rooms ~and. bath,
¦- • abasement, laundry, garden; -everything
j -in good order; lot -25x92: 6;. -Buchanan
- .-st, near Sutter. _.--.-.._.. - .- .
$7.009— Six flats on Harrison st. near Foiirth-"
25x86; rent $636 per annum. •' • -
$3,8(0— Newr 2-story house In ,the Mission;
with Btore;, sun all day.';'-
$12,500— Three new flats on ¦ Page , st.*, • near
• Ashbury; rents $112 50 per month. „
$3,500— Jackson St., near . Baker; 3 modern
""-¦;• flats; rents $S1 50 per month. '-'
$20,000 — House and lot near Stockton and Sut-
" ter sts. - - --. .- ¦— -•
520.000- cash, balance on easy terms; a' very
'¦ good" income producing property of 12
~ flats and residence of 0 rooms; stable;
chicken yard; lot In rear, to , build on;
rents $3000 per annum. , . . ¦
$10,000 — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
.- - • . rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
'. Scott st, near Geary; worth $12,000.
$4,000— Corner house and lot 25x133; 8 rooms.
$2,400— Cottage of 6. rooms, well and 10 fruit
• ' ' trees In. rear: lot 25x100; at Twenty-
sixth and : Harrison sts. . .
" $350— Corner lot near Thirty-fourth and Mis-
sion sts.; 25x75/- ¦ '
$250 each — Four- lots. 25x75; near Thlrty-
' fourth 'and. Mission sts.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished; lot
¦ . 126x300; Price $2000.
Shasta County — -640 acres of white oak.' /
SAN FRANCISCO. X
350S Mission st: .store and living rooms;
price $2200; small payment down, balance same
as rent. .- . - - : .
¦ 1819 'Sixteenth ave.; 3-room house; good lot;
prize $S00; $50 down, . balance same as rent.
1-371' Fifteenth ave.: small house; price $700;
no payment down; monthly payment. $D 80.
2510 McAllister st; cottage;- 6 rooms, bath,
etc.; price $2500; small payment .down, bal-
ance , same as rent. .
'211 De Montford'ave.. Inglealde; lot 50x125;
7-room cottage;- Chicken houses and barn; 1
block from car. line; price $1500; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent : :¦ - ¦ n
. ;•¦-.: SUNNYSIDE. .. .:.;¦'-
".'26 Circular r ave.; flat of 6 rooms and store;
store rentBifbr $8; price $1250;, no payment
down; some as rent.' . <' : '• - . '
.' 231 Joost ' ave. ; . 4-room ' cottage ; price $800 ;
no payment down ;. monthly payment $1120.
-414 Forester ave.; 5^-room cottage; pries
$850;. no payment down;' monthly payment,
$11 90. ... -. - . • -
Iaslo-have a -few houses to rent.\' '
. A. E. RUDELL, 301 California st
HERMAN MURPHY, 601 ' and • C02 . Examiner
building, Real Estate, Loans, Investment*. .
. $10.500— Nice little Investment, "near O"Far-
rellatid Jones. ' ' ¦'W>rf»»W*iiWWPM|'wff*>i tJHW^g^l
¦ $15.000 — Corner on Polk, near Sutter. ;» '
'.' JlO.OOO-^-Near Turk and "Jones. '.'• • .;
Offer wanted on one of the choicest proper-
ties on .Van ¦ Ness . ave. ; '.contains >nearly .- 20,000
square feet: three frontages. .
1 . $4750 — Splendid lot on Paciflc. ave. ; lies high
and dry. . •- . , -., - .- • ~ ¦
''¦ ' $6500— Nice - home ; now : rented at $50; near
Page and Scott ¦•.¦"¦...-¦- - ; -.-.' .. .-¦ ¦ ¦
-\ $4800— Flats . containing 16 ' rooms; rents $48
per ¦ month ; \ near , Sixth and ¦¦ Mission. '.;... ;
¦ $1100— Tenth ave., near. H st* :
.$1000— Large frontage. ' 30x100; positively
must be sold; California st . .:. ¦
$S00-r-Nbe ; st. near. Twenty-fourth. C If you
are looking for a good little Mission bargain
don't miss, this; owner sick and needs money.
HERMAN MURPHY.
¦ '¦-. 601. and .602 Examiner - building.
A. E. " BUCKINGHAM. . . . . . . .REAL I ESTATE
«.-t - 26 ' MontKomery st; room -11.- « ¦
Rents collected; full charge. taken of ¦ propyrty:
$43,500— Cor. ' 50-vara; : Turk; 3 . frontages; flne
location for apartment house, flats, etc
$41,000— Good Investment: Mission, ,nr n Sixth.
$17,600^-Three very stylish new sunny flats, 8
. -- ¦ ' .'.rooms; choice location; rents $150. : -\
$10,500 — Good buy: store -and- flats; Larkin st,
--'.near* Geary; rents. $70.; ¦.;;¦¦->•-¦¦-
t . $9,250 — 3 sunny new 6-room flats,'- near Golden
¦ .' Gate Park; grand vlew;-rents $85. : ¦'¦•
$5,250^-Flne 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
- .-.- "st., near .Thirteenth:' rent $45. /¦..•»«*¦>.-
$2,375— Cheap; north side Clay st, near Lyonf
fine adjoining: lot, 27:6x100; for $3000
$1.650-rDIrt cheap; NW.. corner Sanchez and
' -Alvarado sts. ; 26:6x105 feet.-j -«v- : -,-
¦?>::* HOUSES-rSUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS. ; -
r..; Installments; Eleventh ave., H and -I sts., nf..
entrance Park music stand; cars'pass property.
A. : E. BUCKINGHAM, "26 Montgomery, room
11. .Branch of flee. SHnset. 1215 Ninth' ave* ;* ~
CHEAPEST* home In Sunset • district; all . mod-"
' ern -Improvements; r only one 'left; see il to-
-. ,day; 0th : aye..-bcfI and J sts.'- 8.-' : S. REED.'-
'A'.SACRIFICE-^House-8 -rooms,' $!400: : v. terms
¦ -•-! same * as .* paying ¦ rent- -'Apply - SE. - cor."' Ala-
" ' banla and'Montcalm ats.' --¦:«-¦-.'>- - •'¦¦ v-.
WANTED at once, a number of choice residence
lots; we i have cash. buyers waiting. HEALY
• & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
REAL' KS *W!CZ*2Z}j^^^
$35.000-Rls NTS ? 220; choice corner on McAl-
iiwer Et; good improvements; ctead-
*-l,000— Rents $H5; do^Titown corner; 2 sub-
stantial brick buildings in perfect or-
$16nna_u. bu J ldings alone w orth the money.
fie.oOO— Rents $100; Ellis Et. near Hyde; 3
modern flats of C-7-8 rooms and bath
«i- nfln ? ach i »n perfect order.
? lo.OOO— Rents $l£0; Octayia ct, near Ellis- 3
new modern flats of 7 rooms and bath
$13,500-Rents $102 50; Post et.. near Laguna;
rf new modern flats of 6-7 rooms and
Sin \rvi_S. es t ch - 3 ust completed; 25x137:0.
510.^00— Rents $105; McAllister Bt, near Park:
J new modern flats of «-7 rooms an.l
SIfl«nn » each ; J" E t completed: 25x137 :«.
nvi.uuo— gent* $i,5 ; choice business corner . on
Racine Ft.; good Improvements; Etead-
S.i'-nn U y reRted : 3 frontages.
*3.oOO— Rents $42: Turk st.. near Van Ness
ave.; old improvements; choice lot; If
improved would pay handsomely; 27:0
S«*.-vi » - : dou °le frontage.
*a..oo — itcnts $75; Webster Et, near Post- 2
modern flats of 0-9 rooms and bath
*« nnn^ 5?L ch: this ls a sood buy.
, v,,«m — Choi-ce corner, Twenty-flret and Gucr-
rxy .f ts '- nicely elevated and com-
manding a flne view; if properly Jm-
£, rove< * *'ould yield large returns; lot
«C rnr, :^Xl00.
*w^00— Ilents $00; Fillmore st.. near Halght;
« modern flats or 4-5 rooms and bath
X<;nnn-_f> ' In Pc^cft order; lot 48-ft. front
SS.OOO— Rents $M ; Brj-ant etl. near Sixth- 6
1 *' rented; ia repair;
$S.O0O-Rent 6 . *7S 50: Folsom st; 3 modern
Tt'jcf of °" c rooias and batn eich ; 25
$7,500— Rents $35; Scctt and Ellis ets.; 2 mod-
S^LJr 1 * of *>"* roc «is and bath each;
«- ftnn ~1XS>O. '
»., 000— Reduced to make quick sale; Third
ii*,V • J '. 8tcry house . of 11 rooms and
i^irU lower floor can readily be con-
certed Into a rtore: rear portion cf
$7 000— R^t t; . double frontage^
*.,ww— Rents $55; Hermann Bt. near Duboce
i ort; . modern flats of 5-6 rooms and
t-nrtrt_& n C 5^ : 25 *120; 2 frontages.
$..000-Rents $32 50; Howard et; 2 well-built
lf , fl ats ot 6 rooms and bath
• ft ft "* c "« «— "t'Xlli*. *
.*<5,&OO— Baker B t.. near Park; well-built bay-
•^ ?£?' r?^™™ ot » rooms and bath;
« Knn t? xl00 v thl * ls a *nap.
»«.ow— Kent* $35; Sacramento St.; 2 desirable
flats of 5 rooms and bath each; bay
•windows, brick foundation, etc.; 3li
$3,000— Northeast corner en Pine et.; cottage
•1 cm 5 rooms.
*l. 500— Reduced to make quick sale; 2 choice
residence lets on Park Hill command.
r-n S * n . unob structed view of the city,
oomi Lf™ Wrt h e for our Real Estate Record,
plrt^'orfhe c« y .° f »™>l* n *> 'or sale in all
LateEt Pocket Map of 6an Francisco 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
' 14 Montgomery - st.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO
205 Montgomery st., Opp. Mills Building.
si«Knn_« BUSr: S ESS CORNER.
516,500— Rents *1SOO. Pays 11 per cent. -;
JSTOO cash above mortgage of $10,000; paj- 17
Ifr cent after Interest en mortgage is paid;
etore under lease; 3 elegant modern flats; 32
root corner; transfer point on one of the best
business streets in the Western Addition.
McALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY
*12.006— Rents $1200; close in; lot 30x137-6
feet; store (under lease) and 2 flats.
X 2£ T -SES5 T CORNER ON HTDE BTREET.
*,. ....i;<> — Handfome modern building-; 32-6
foot corner; handsome income; best buy on the
market to-day.
a £PZ BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS.
f!4,400— Rents $1440; 3 handsome, modern
flats, t>-6-7 rooms, bath; alt rented; choice lo-
cation.
.,,,r:L EW r> McALLISTER-ST. FLATS.
$10.500— R»cts $12««; 3 modern, elegant flats
01 b-«>-, rooms, bath; sunny eide street.
NEW BUSH-ST. FLATS.
$: 000— Rents $726; two up to date flats of 6-7
rooms.. bath; elegantly finished; good renting
lcc&lion. 4
SI S^ F — DEDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE
f.~50 — Renrc-d to good tenant $R40; 2 mod-
ern fiats; extant and up to date in every de-
ts..l; colossal mantels; frescoed ceilings: mar-
ble eteps, etc.
I ATTRACTH-E PIERCE-ST. FLATS.
$6750— Forced sale; 2 flats of 6-7 rooms,
bath; choice renting location; rent $630
»
NEAR SIXTH AND MISSION STS
$R«X) — Rent $'M0; store and fi flats on 42 foot
frontage: this property situated so close to
Market st. is certain to double in value.
PAYS 13 PER CENT NET
$1250— Rents $5SS; 6 flats near Sixth and
Howard ets.; pays $540 net, after taxes in-
curance and . water are paid. ¦
CLARA-ST. FLATS.
$3700— Rents $432; 4 fine flats ;- separate en-
trances. -» -•-« - -- . r .— *¦"->*•
" NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.. -
205 Montgomery Et.. opp. Mills building. -
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc)
:.;:..; 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$13.500 — McAllister, near Stelner; 25x137-6-
2 modern flats; rents $115. . " '
$10,25C — Corner Third and Harrison; 20x57-6-
store and flat: rent $65. . - - -
$8500— McAllister, near Buchanan: 23x137 -<5-
3 flats: rents $65 30. • m . ' '
$10.000 —^Fillmore. nr. Paciflc; 30x112:6- house
of 8 rocms and bath; rent $65. -.
$8250 — Mason, near 'Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
etreet ; house of 9 ' rooms and 2 rear flats •
rents $64. «. '
$7C0O— Union, nr. Dupont; 23x69;. three-story
hous*; rents $75. • • »
$«750 — Green, near Dupont; 20x137:67 new 3-
etory building and rear house; rents $66.
$500u — Leavenworth Et-, ¦ ntear Union- 25x
112:6; 3 new flat*; rent $53. '
$4500 — Corner Union and Pierce; 30x100" cot-
ta ? e; rent $22 50. - -'
?4500— Bartlett nr. 24th; 25x117:6 to rear
Etreet; 2 bay- window flats; rents $38.
" $3100 — Church alley, north of Broadway
stable and flats; 22xU8:9; rents $53 50.- •
UNIMPROVED.
$17,000 — Sansome, near Green; 83:exl37:6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots, each 25x
X37 :6. : - . .
*9KK) — Corner Gough and Filbert; 137:6x
$8000 — Oth, near Harrison: 75x100.
Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55xSl:3: 2 lots.
$5000— Green, near Polk; 50x115. .
J5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
102 :E$4.
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st-. 200
xllro. .
$4000 — Union, near Devisadero: 37:6x137:6. -
tZT/ft — Devisadero, near Union; 35x100.
$2500 — Fulton et. near FUlmore; 32:6x137-6.
$3000— Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100; key lot
$2100— Cor. 2l£t and Hampshire; 25x97:6.
$2000— Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114.
$1300 per lot— Bryant ave., near.Twenty-
eixth; 2 lote. each 26:8x100.
$1000 — Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
h^r^T lot ~ York « near Twenty-sixth; 2 lots,
*55 a * ron t foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth
400 lots, f 200 to $400; terms eaey; electric
roed passes.
$1CO AND $250 EACH. \ ""^ "
. j . " $25 DOWN; $3 AND $10 MONTHLY.
Nothing to equal them in this city.
Corne early; take choice of 60 level lots In
Excelsior Homestead at half price.
Near Mission Et and electric cars.
No grading; all fenced; Spring Valley water *
eel! Ing fact; eee them to-day. '
Get off cor. Mission st. and Brazil ave • walk
short dietar.ee to Madrid *t
Mr. A I Smith, resident agent 450 Edinburgh
st, will ehow lots Sundays.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
. Room 54, Chronicle building.
$1,400— NEW modern cottage: hot and told
water. . bath, closet, sink, nice yard.
frtace; a flne home; $400 cash, balance
$14 per month.
P-Flne dwelling; beautiful location;
medcra and up to date; $tJOO cash, bal-
ance easy . terms.
;.i.i"w — Fine new building of. three flats; near
Park; rent $S5; eaey terms.
$10.000 — Splendid new building near the Park;
three flats; rent $100; easy terms.
*10,000 — Fine new building of three flats; ma-
rine view; rent $1CO; easy terms.
WELL8 &. SAUNDERS. • '
_ e30 Market st
J2. E. POEHLMAN. Realty and Insurance.
3v4 Montgomery et'
»ir.,000 — Pacific Height*; £0 %-ara lot, 1*7 :6x
1£7:«: permanent iruu-ine view; sunny; wear
car line?; rapidly enhancing. - ¦
$0750 — Easy terms; bay window residence of
rooms; all modern improvements: marine view;
key lot: near Buchanan and Vallejo. -
Richmond cottages and lot*; cash or terms.
-, FOR EALE .....;
". '. ". '.'.'..'.'. CHOICE ' BUILmNG* LOT '.':'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
Devlsadero et, adjoining corner of* tSacra-
mento; choice neighborhood; cable and elec-
tric oaTs: ece<?«sible from any pi>.rt of city.
Pleaxe see to-day and • make offer: price
$4500. Jl'LIEN- SMITH. Real Estate Agent
420 Monrromery st
FOR sale — Lot 27:6x137:6. on car line, east of
Pclk et. and north of Butter; flne position -for
flats; principals only apply. . 317 California.
APPRECIATED if eeen: new. elegant sunny
modern cottage; 6 large rooms and bath; Ban
Jose ave., near Valley st, bet 26th and 29Ul*
Guerrero-tt. cars pass door.
1 l^^ST^^---Cr^^VOn^9A}jB^
FOR Sale-i-As*a whole er in subdivisions,' 50-
; vara lot, south line Union st; 137:6 feet east
« of • Pierce. .--* Lot," northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire oC
CHARLES C.tBEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery, st. ..... '...'. .... .. -
A— WHY PAY RENT? •- °
When you may buy lot with house, or wa
will build you a house, on monthly pay-
ments: same as" rent. DONALD Investment
Co.. 850 Market Bt
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
- sts. ; ,; 75x75, with improvements;- make- -an
offer. PATTERSON &<' CO... 11 City Hall
square. - . ' ' •'. ' . '.."" V .
$000—80x130:: on -San-Jose ave. ;" must be sold.
> 433 Fourth st: w r >¦;¦•¦: ¦ ¦
KEAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For 9»I»
23,000 ACRES' deeded, controlling as much more
adjoining range; a money-making principal- ¦
ity ; offered owing to peculiar circumstances
at unprecedented sacrifice for cash :. half the-
purchase pric« could easily.be borrowed from
any bank, if so desired: or would take part
and perhaps all In exchange of other prop-
¦- erty. SOOO acres of which la the very rich-
est of highly cultivated land; there being aa
average. of 26 inches of rainfall, never falls
to produce heavy crops of grain- every year.
while it ls unsurpassed in all the State. for
production, of quality. and quantity of all
''kinds of fruits and grapes, and. too, with-
out irrigation; all balance of the land, about
1 i.OOO acres, -is exceptionally good. hill pas-
turage; considerable timber, .but not a rode
on the place;, Al fencing; watered by living
creeks and innumerable springs; . no snow.
seldom a frost; would easily carry 5000 head
:. of stock; it's an Ideal home; building im-
provements cost over $10,000: located only
eight miles by an excellent county road from
a thriving city; R. R. and steamer transpor-
tation; in Central Northern California; this
great property (with or without personal
property) will positively be sold to the high-
est 'bidder .within next thirty days; I will
pay $1600 to any one who may introduce or
be in any way instrumental In bringing to
,• my notice the purchaser.
N. D. SICKELS, the LAND AGENT, pub-
lisher of the Weekly Descriptive Land Jour-
nal, 6 Geary St., San Francisco. | • ¦¦
$35 — PER ACRE — fHS.
One-Fourth Cask,
¦ Balance In Eight Equal Annual Payments,
With Interest at 8 per cent rross per annum,
THE FAMOUS
LAGUNA DE TACHE RANCHO,
. Fresno County. •
Where on the Paciflc Coast can you buy
land suitable for dairy ranching, that will
grow .five crops of alfalfa per season;, that
will grow corn stocks ten feet high, produc-
ing one and one-half tons of corn to *h»
acre; where you can raise hogs, .cattle and
chickens till further orders: where you can
raise all kinds of fruits; for $35 per acre.jand
. have eight years to pay for it; abundanJpoC
water and wood; we , have families on this
ranch paying for their homes, making a good
living and securing more land, all possibly
from a ten-acre start.; ycu can do the same.
For further information and prospectus ¦ call
on or address .-
E. W. FECK. Agent.
; . . Room 14, 137 Montgomery st. 1 -
ATTENTIOX, HOMESEEKEP.S !
¦ We desire to call the attention' of Intending
buyers of country lands . to some bargains In
-Income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for eale. Mr. Bush, having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
th<> value of lands.' and being the owner of aa
income-producing orchard and vineyard, can In-
telligently direct Intending buyers to the best
lands and best bargains in the Stats.
Now is the tlnse to buy.
There • is money in cattle.
There i3 money In orchard;*.
There ls money in vineyards.
There is money in general farming. . v
There is money in dried fruits. ..-_
¦ There is money in sheep. . - .
Country lands will never be as cheap again.
We have, some of the greatest bargains ever
seen- or heard of in this State. Call or send for
particulars. . ' . - :
DAVID BUSH & SON. 20 Montgofiery st. .
960 ACRES best alfalfa land in the State, only >
$35 per acre; cost of water, 75c per acre; near
city; will subdivide. . ;-
A . farm, 75 acres. 2 miles from Felton. 10
miles Santa Cruz;' 40 Acres- cultivated; 25 acres
choice apples; , balance ¦ pasture; hard-fin!she<l
dwelling. .1 5 rooms, barn, etc.; running water
piped; will make a fine home; price touOO.
Alfalfa lands for - sale— Cattle and ' hogs now
in demand t : alfalfa Is most desirable; we have
S20 acres under irrigation; 3 years in alfalfa; in
San Joaquin County, near railroad; as a who I a
• or, in subdivisions; price $75" per acre. '
We have other lands for grazing." grain or
any other crop In good locations and at reason-
able terms; we invite landseekers to visit our
office.-- , ..McAFEE BROTHERS. r - .
- -••*'• 108 Montgomery st..- San Francisco. '
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st
' A magnificent stock ranch at a -bargain fig-
ure; 880O acres; 7 miles from railroad station:
in Merced and . Marioosa counties. 2000 acre*
of which is first-class ¦ fanning land, balance
splendid stock range; -will carry 1500 head of
cattle and their increase Or • 10.000 head of
sheep; three creeks running through the land;
abundance of water; 3500 acres *all : fenced. 70
acred hosf- 1 isht - fence, balance fenced on three
sides; 2 new'4-room cottac«a;'2 large barns
and all 'necessary outbuildings; land-lies tn
solid body and almost square; assessed for
$4 50 rer acre; with this property is included
about 225 head of livestock of various kinds,
wasons and t-.ll farm Ins implements. -,
-.;,.¦ Price $6 per" acre. ¦
This Is one of the best stock ranches w«
have ever had on our books for the. money. '
PAUL P. AUSTIN,
< > Manager Country Department
1S00 ACRES, -reduced to $3 an acre to close an
estate; about SCO acres nearly leveh ¦. richi
soil, for grain, j orchard and vineyard: bal-
ance is pasture and brush land tn the - hill.*.
fronting- . on' Russian River ¦ and railroad
. station in • Mendocino County. . with - living
. springs; about - 50 acres alfalfa: land and
enough oak timber to about pay for the land,
which ' is worth double the price asked. "
$S50 for 144 acres flne redwood and ¦ tan
oak timber land on fork of Navarro Rtv«r.
in Mendocino . County, west of Uklah; good
'Investment. - ¦ ¦
$5500 — Paying sawmill: capacity 15,000
feet dally, including 160 acres redwood land:
near Uklah; mill new and paying well. • ,-
ROTHSRMEL 8c ilERRELL. -
. .. 507 California st .
POLHEMUS Tract, near Menlo and Fair
Oaks — 2% acres and upward; pure Water; de-
¦ llghtful- location: one mile' westerly fron*'
Fair Oaks; now ls the time to buy; $200" per
acre, quarter cash: trains every hour; cheap,
fare: double railroad track and" electric road
in near future; go down Sunday; delightful
' outing: agent on ground Sunday. WM. GOR-
DON GRIFFITH. Hearst building. \ --
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to . The - Cotati Co.. 302 California-, st. for
pamphlets and Information. , " ,
160 ACRES in Tuolumne County, partly cleared
¦and fenced:, plenty of wood. . timber and
"water; also gold bearing ledge crossing ranch:
6 miles from R.»R. 'depot; for $1200. Box'
3306. Call office. , ' . . . . y ; .
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prun*
lsnds to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
Santa Clara Valley. ¦ San Jose and Peninsular
"properties, see WOOSTER,' WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market, S. F.. & Ban J.
CHOICE country: lands for sale. Land Dept.
• American Guaranty and Trust Co., Hayward
building.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept.. American Guaranty and Trust
, Co., Hayward building. ¦ - -. •
FOR sale or exchange— Beautiful Income homn
In San Jose for S. F. property. Box 4871.' Call. ;
SUMURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY— 10-room furnished house, near
station; for rent from June ¦ 1 ; ' rent $60 . per
month. J. TUNSTEAD." San Anselmo.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE. :'.
SAUSALITO— For sale or lease, beautiful resi-
dence of William G. Barrett; modern house
[ of 20 rooms, ' completely, furnished; . larga
grounds; marine .view; -near ferry. S. G. •
1- HINDES, 330 Market st... S. F. - .-.:.,.
i . ' REAL* • ESTATE '.WANTED. .':t' ;•
1 WANTED — A' nice and well built modern house
cf 7 rooms . and ' bath with sunny exposure,
that has been built In the. last three years,
„ ~ for cash. /Address box 4704. Call office..;
HOMESTEAD right wanted; Sonoma County
1 preferred ; < state price . and ¦ location. ¦ Box
4724. Call office.. .; - '¦' : - - - . . ' .< * : ..-: .
heal; estate to exchange. - ,,
CITY ' and :cpuntry •' property .\ta exchange. ,- If
- you have anything to offer send m* particu-
lars. . ....:::. .. " -*_ . ; . v ;..^.
. ";>•; : - O; ,W. SCHWEINHARD. '
917 Market st. (upstairs). bet» 5th and 6th.
BEAUTIFUL -country, home in town of Santa
¦/Clara; "305x2.15; vS-room" house.' ; stable, . out-
¦ houses, -tank house, artificial lake, fish pond;
" will exchange. for City, property. SPARROW.
107 Geary . bC - * -. . - ...
$5500 — 20- ACRE fruit ranch In Santa Crua
¦ . Mountitlns > near school, church and ; station :
-' Icr sale or exchange for S". F.^ property. 443
¦-. Castro • st. .-• - - " , — .'
160 ACRES In Monterey; 160 acres in Kern Co.;
oil land; 6 lots and one cottage out the-Mis-
' slon. - What have you? 3504 Mission st- - -¦ ¦
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments ' See Page Thirtj-ei gh t.
¦BsnaMMdsiBMyBflBTHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUOTXA^j 6, 1902.
38
: .','.; EPUCATIOXAL-— Continued. ¦ '-¦ : .*¦.
GIRLS* wishing' to 'obtain «: money i to .'educate
, : yourselves learn V hairdressir.g, , manlcurin?,
. . etc.',"- a" money \ making; profession ; *. only ', re-"-
quires 2 \. wks. ; /day class costs ¦ only $-1 ; ', our
pupils 3 earn" frcm\ $00; to ?75 ; per mo. ; . eve. 1 -
class i 6 ; wks. ; - working - girls ; ; private : custom-
- ers furnish ; our pupils . work :as' well " as ; the
leading stores. .S.'F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
LEGE. 233 Geary et:, rooms 13-15. •«¦ .. .r;':
A— THE LYCEUM/ an . accredited preparatory
¦ school i for the :. university, i law *- and t medical '
¦ colleges;; references,; President; Jordan or; any
.Stanford professor. -I Phelan building.-, ¦
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. V Is -this advice worth"
- following? : Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
GOLDEN : Gate ; College, : 530 Golden ; Gate ave.,
' 1 San Francisco — One month I free to - those | en-
teringr for six months; bookkeepins or : short-
hand course ;" positions soon' as. qualified.' '1'':-.
ACTING, ' elocution, specialties; "Hallet School, -
• associated with theatrical agency , securing
¦;-'. positions. building; 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING-^CIvil. elec.,' mlning.mech. sur-
vey, ; assay, cyanide ; day.- eve. ; est. ¦ 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;-
r> beginners > and : college , graduates v perfected.
'. - TARR. expert . accountant. , 219 . Parrott bldg.'
CALIFORNIA' Business College: most thorough
* modern methods; positions for all graduate*;
new. 60-page catalogue free. 1 305 Larkln ; st.
VIOLIN." guitar, '.mandolin.' banjo taught In
class.- $1 month. . 1S30 Eddy; : phone Pine 433..
SHORTHAND taught- by mall or personally.
: MISS M:t G. BARRETT. 302 1 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN,' mandolin,', guitar. Prof. MERKI,' good
teacher.- 1C0S Mission;. Instruments selected.;
$5 ONLY^-Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
'-'¦ Expert. 302 Van Ness, ave. . \ " ¦
ILLUSTRATION— PAETINqTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.-.
HEALD'S Business College,' 24 Post St. S. F.;
". founded ' 1 863 ; , new . 80-page catalogue • free. | •
CHEAPEST and best In "America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent : to , any address in the
I United "States or Canada one year ~ for JL
I postage paid.' ¦ : - •:-¦-¦¦ ..,•.•..'--.
' OFFICES;
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short - notice. * Geo.
¦ Klnoshlta, 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese 'help; >estab. 20 years.,
,TeI. Main 1997. BRADLEY. & CO.; . 640 Clay.'
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant IPS; expert, reliable; help.
JAPANESE and ' Chinese best > help; coolr and '
: waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all-kinds help.' 315 Stockton; Main 6183.
JAPANESE Intelligence i Of fice— Furnish moat j
reliable help. .624 Bush St.; tel. 510. . -'. -r^j
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutt.er:tel.Black 5072. j
jBJMPLOYBIEyT^ '
A LADY would^ Hke'to get sewing to 'take
' home or would go rut; by the day; very reas- '
onable., Call at 34 Sixth St., room- C. *' : • ;
A I NEAT American woman ' would like a place
as .working housekeeper, or to take^charge-of
•a rooming-house. ., Call at 34 Sixth st., rm. (5.
AN • intelligent woman • would like • v.-ork of any
* kind. .Address M.- M., box 47tiO, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cafe waitress wants dinner
Job; no Sunday work. Address box 4763, Call.
TWO ¦ Swedish girls want positions, general
-housework; wages $12. y 1022 Florida Bt. -.-.-
MILLINERY done : at ladies' homes: own ma-
. terlal utilized. ,-newr furnished; terms ¦ mod-
| erate. J Addfreas box ; 4713, Call office. . - .
A -REFINED' English' woman,' -young, ¦ thor-
. ough good nurse, '^CSires position; charge o£
Invalid; nurse lady. Address 1712% Pacific [
.t'." avenue. ¦{¦;'¦(/• '¦'•i:H-'r' ,"-;:>» : ., '.¦- Vr '-.•"-'.,-
A YOUNG v lady < with little girl 3. years "old
would like a good home with refined woman;
' 'can: assist In sewing and, help as one hi the
family; .idea Is to have a good home; refer-
.' ences. . Address r.bdx 4774, .Call office.; ¦.-
HIGHLY, recommended | j'ouhg nurse will take
-full charge- of ; Invalid: or act as *nurs.ery
governess; gives physical cvlture; Box *775,.
-Calloffice. , -V".-':' v ¦..'..-
PROTESTANT I woman -wishes steady, "light
¦- houfcework v In sniall Christian family; salary
not under $12. Please address box 4721. Call.
GERMAN ) woman wishes" situation as j house-
keeper or, to cook In the country. '¦ Box 4782,
* CaUofflcc - - : -¦¦-. - : •'¦¦¦¦/ ' '--¦'-•'¦-••-'•¦
FRENCH girl Twants chamber work and * sew-
ing or : etcond work . In small family; sood
. I rfferen'ces.V A.-B.*,:box 4770. , this office.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent; perfect
fitting;- latest styles; costumes remodeled; en-
gagements . by : day'.' ¦; 10 Met:alf . place, s oC
". Geary s*.-, near. Mason. '.'¦.-,- , t -.--¦'-. , . -
FIRST-CLASS , cook wants situation; | no !objec-
E j tlon to plain washing or going into the coun-
try. Address box 4261, .Call.- Oakland.' v •/
A .WOMAN ' wishes , to do ', chamber ¦. work or
light housework from 8 a. m.to 12 p. m. 679
- Natoma st.- , ¦ • • . ,
CHILDREN'S dressmaking, first class,' latest
¦ '; stylea and novelties,"" by. day. ¦'•¦ 1643 Geary st. j
YOUNG ". woman wishes position :., as working
J housekeeper;' city />r, country; = Box 47S7, Call.
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.' Box
¦¦•4780."- Call. .; ».'•¦..;• .-.-.¦ .' ..---. ,-•;. ¦:;¦-. -.
COMPETENT., youngr '.woman wants washlns:,'
• Ironing and window cleaning* by 'day; ; refer-
ence.' Address A".. 615- Larkln st. " .> '
A MIDDLE-AGED woman vwould like, a posl-
-. tlon ' to do general hoiisework ' In a .. small
family; will work for small wages; is a good
* cook; no '.postal, cards answered.. 263 Third
-' Et.near Folsom. ¦' '.. ¦: ¦ . . : ; L
WANTED —^By reliable young woman, work 'of
.•-some kind: for evenings attending children or
'Invalid lady; experienced. ;' Box 4726, Call. .-
WANTED — By a young lady with experience,
y. a position of any kind in a store. 'Box 4743,'
. Call office.
AN Vxcellent -laundress wants work; can fur-
; nlsV references. ' 1730 Pacific St., West Oak-
', land,. Cal.: v : - - ¦' ¦'-
SINGLE lady. wants position as housekeeper in
. 1 the mountains. : Box, 4257, Call office, Oakld.
WAITED — By competent , woman, position: as
.' housekeeper tq,w"dower .with children, 1 or at-
. tendant to ; Invalid ; best ; of references. 7 732
Fourteenth st. '..¦
RELIABLE ¦ lady stenographer- Wnd typewriter
¦I desires permanent position; experienced. Box
¦" 4678. "Call office. - , r. J :•, . . . .
WINCHESTER' House. 44 Third st.' near Mar-
, ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1-60 per night; $1 50
•to $0 week: convenient and respectable; free
¦i bus and baggage to and from: ferry.
WANT . ads 5 and s subscriptions taken for " The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister i if
CLASSIFIED , advertisements and subscriptions -
' . received at Call . branch office,- 2200 Flllmore.
\A BRANCH office for Calla advertisements and
: subscriptions has . been \ established at ' 100 i
-::-.^V*len^a.st. ¦•--¦•'-¦¦¦...¦.•¦"¦ ¦¦¦•¦-¦"¦^."'¦. .•¦¦:¦¦.-•' ..-.; "¦ ..:-,.'
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED— 31ALK.
•..¦ .-'-¦ .-.¦¦¦¦ ¦ ,"":' ' >"¦"¦;¦' ¦ • - - ¦'¦ v— -...-'¦. ¦: ¦ - : . ¦
YOUNG man 18 years of age," with eome experi-
- ence In the grocery^buslness, wants position,"
i .wholesale or; retail;; Is able to furnish best of
, • references : and any < security; satisfied -with
very, moderate pay and prefers to sleep at his
parents',; home. Address box 4757, , Call office.
A, REALLY; first-class .'and" complete gardener
, with 25 years' experience of all the various
; branches - of ¦: horticulture and,' art. gardening,
; who : shows the best - references,": wants situ-
ation; i..' private * place . preferred. "U 'Address
: < LOUIS KNAUF. St. * Helena' Sanitarium, Cal.'
Ciy IL engineer, ; lately connected .: with ; large
;=i company,' desires engagement . where ¦ experi-
¦ " ence and f aithfulnees . in : discharge of * duties
v?.wlll be his firsthand last. thought ;wlir report
': on ¦•> new * organizations ¦ and ' new • work.'r .-Box
. i 4758, ; Call office. /> ;¦;' .:' ,. -.
SITUATION ? of , some , kind : wanted by man to
'/.make himself useful; must have* work. ': Please
, . call or • address SIMON.; LAUX,"- Park Hotel,
--^26 'Turk I st.?- •• ¦. , - - ¦ . '.
YOUNG 'American; with -a; thorough' knowledge
. of the fruit and produce business; can furnish
.- Al' reference aa to ability.: Address JOHN J
T: SHEA, Baldwin House. :/ ;.;y -/.;
EX-SOLDIER.I war, service, excellent discharge
iand references, desires position as watchman.
•; Box; 4702,'; Call office., / ¦ - , -.- ; ,..-.
WANTED— Position by.rns^iand.wlfe on small
, •¦' place In 1 the country. ¦ .- 725 U tah st. , . , \ - ;;'.
DRAPER ¦ and '¦ curtain " man i wants > position as
;.,' outside ¦ man. ; ' Box 4714.1 Call ; office.'-. j ,'.;;;
iWANTED^Salesman- familiar, with • retail ' gro-
, cery 4 buslness!'glve -experience and;wages ex-
>•. . Pccted.^Box 47C0,';Call* office.'*;' :•:, . - '
STRONG young; man wants steady^work of any
* -, kind.' • Tel.1 Church 2427 * or. address • box 4771
v:iC<-.ir office. •--¦ .¦¦-¦.•¦.<¦'¦*""¦¦• ¦•¦¦•"•,; -I-. .-,¦..- '
. MARRIED, man,; thoroughly ¦ understands ' farm-
'>>lng,- orchard-. and> vineyard '.work, wants- to
./' take charge i of ; place; good man ; with ; horses •
- good- references.- . P. ; D.,-;21%- Harrison ave;,'
--;). off 1 Folsomjstrv,. --,.,¦'¦'•. ;v.- ',-f "'.;':. . ; '.-.r, ":.-¦. •;•¦ ¦ ¦ .'-
• SITUATION,, by ( middle-aged' single ; man : about
¦%-¦ prf vate ; place ; geod : gardener ; : can • milk cows 1
',•-; handy,"; raise-- vegetables; low wages; good r»f'
"•-¦; erences.'."'. Box 4712,- ; Call: '¦¦-". -: r \> .. : .::,..
REGISTERED 1 pharniacIst.Mhproughly reliable
T?- t and • competent ; twelve ; ; years' ~ experience ;
i'A wishes? situation -as -manager orclerk ' .-Box
S;-;4C37,t Call! office, t;" ?^i-» ; ; ;; ;. ; •-« . ; :r
; man ! and wife."; place ; In i the i oil
f, iwells : or,, refinery 1 works ; 'wife : as i cook.'-/* Ad-
dress box- 4C33.1 Call .office. : , > :
MLANDlpVERTiSEMENTS,
¦ OAKLA XD REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.;
U03 Broadway, Oakland.
' CHOICE INSIDE RESIDENCE LOTS.
*'•¦-¦- •. .' $23oo.' ,. ; ¦'.¦:- ':":¦ : '¦
. On Madison street; west side, between 13th
and 14th; lot Is. 40x100; In the best location
in Oakland. ¦ :
. " ' $4550.
_¦ 'On westslde of Oak street,' near 14th;-lot
~ 70x100; nothing else in, this neighborhood for
less than : $90 per foot. - -^ ,- -^,/-V,
• . .'¦ -' - V .'- $3000. ¦ ¦ / ' ¦ ¦•'¦;. '- ¦¦'.
' On Alice street, between 13th and Durant;
-lot 40x133; larger lot if desired, at $70 per
•¦foot. .- ..-¦:¦ ¦ •.;•¦¦:/ ¦' ¦¦¦¦' r ¦ r ; '.' : - ~>
- '•'".'¦¦'¦¦ ¦ j $2400. .' '- : . -'•>'
.-On north side of 10th street, near Jackson;
r Iot'37>4xlo0; very, cheap; fine neighborhood.
' - $2750. '-^v:
.' On Franklin street, near Durant; fine large
¦*; lot 50x150. -.-..; ; ;: -. * " -,
$2500. " ' , '¦'" * •
.':.' On west :. side , of .Webster • etreet,'- between
Merrlmac and Prospect avenue, ' 50X125. .
$3250. ¦- - ; --• '•.'
N. W. corner -Webster : and Merrlmac ; 50x
150; beautiful hish lot. ' . . "
.NEW MODERN HOMES. . "-
• $3750— Beautiful . new ; modern' colonial
house, seven rooms and basement, large bath-
room, reception hall, latest plumbing, every-
thing the best ;• on: west -side -of- street ;-i lot
* 34x100; ' 5 feet ' above stree; - fine location;
walking distance to train. . - j
1 v $4000 — On north side 10th street, near
Jackson; lot 37:6x100; large modern cottage
of S rooms ;./bisr- bargain. .-' •; '...¦;: .
'. ' $2500 T -Large 5-roora high, basement cottage
on 14th street, near Adeline; lot 35x105; easy |
¦• terms.- . . . ;.; : ':¦.': ¦'..-¦'. :•"...*¦.-¦-.:. j
\ . $5500— On Telegraph avenue, near Albion;
lot 40x130; modern two-story ' house, 8. rooms
and bath. \ * :
. 17500— On 13th street, near Madison; lot 05
xlOO; very fine.house of 0 rooms; all modern
' improvements; eneapest home In Oakland. -
$10, 000r-<ln Alice street, between 13th and
Durant; very fine, home; chouse of 0 rooms,
elegantly " finished Inside ; ' stable ; basement ;
~ hot water heater; a rare bargain. •
$3000 — Income $90 25 per month; one- of the
' best set of flats in Oakland; fine location.-
! " WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
I . Broadway, Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
- , 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$500 — Cheapest lot'ln Oakland; offered for half
the price owner paid for It; 51 feet front
by 100 feet In depth; must be sold this
.*. V ¦ .' week; call Immediately and get full par-
ticulars.
$1500— jFine bargain; 7-room modern "house;
. -. 'large -lot; fruit and flowers in plenty;'
chicken yards; lovely view; .3 blocks
from- local and electric lines; good,
healthy locality; easy terms if desired.
$2750— Two cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; good
brick foundation: immediate vicinity of
St. Mary's College; within walking dis-
tance of center, of town; rents- for $27
. - per monthi large .lot 65x150, ' running
from one sh>e£_t_to another; good barn;
fruit trees; chicken-houses; ... must.be
sold ; reduced from $3500. . . .
$3500— Sacrifice ; 7-room house, renting for $20
per month;- lot 112x120 -feet (note the
size) ; here is an opportunity to secure I
the lot for almost nothing; 'house Is lo- I
cated* to one side, leaving good large
space to build; elegant " location: near
electric cars;, handy to ftp wn; -must be
seen to be appreciated; look -this up at
• . once. . ¦ : - /¦"'-. X' f"-" : ,
$3500— Prettiest home of'.'7/Tooms In splendid
: -..-¦ location, being. surrounded by. all new
; dwellings; very sunny; central; all mod-
"¦ ,:,ern conveniences; 7. minutes' walk :. to
.narrow-gauge depot; between two of the
- -best electric car lines In the city; Inves-
tigate at once. ( . -' ¦
ELEGANT HOME
. AT A SACRIFICE.'
Cost $6000— Price- $4500.
Two-story residence, 9 rooms; fine porcelain
I bath and all other 'modern Improvements; very
[ central , and in one of the prettiest locations In
j the city; large back yard; flowers; nice lawn
I In front; fine basement,' finished off; easy walk-
| ing distance of local trains; would readily rent
I for $45 per month; owner going away; see photo
at office.- .
. E. J. STEWART & CO.. .
¦ ¦'," : . y ¦ ,1003 Broadway. . .
I $3500— INVESTMENT— $3500. .
! Two cottages of 5 and 6 rooms respectively,
• renting. for $20 50 per month; on corner lot. 100
1 xl25 feet, with street work all done and stone
I walks laid; located within 2 blocks of San
Pablo ave. electric line; houses, 60 built that
; there is a vacant corner 75x100 feet, suitable
for the construction of three . more , cottages ;
price of the property as it stands la $3500;
the lmprotement (3 cottages) would-cost $3750;
total. $7250; the entire will rent for $65 per
month at least; well and tank on brick founda-
tion on the property- supplies : the present Im-
provements with water and the supply Is suffi-
cient for the proposed cottages; ¦'¦ this Invest-
ment will pay Interest at the rate of 9 per
cent* net per annum;, will bear the closest in-
vestigation; look this up at once .- ,
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
¦ ,- ¦ .. -.--.-:. 460 Tenth st.,, Oakland.
$2250 — SNAP; worth $3000.; large modern hou&e
-of 9 rooms;. corner lot; close to local' station
and car lines; easy? terms.
> , .$800 — 50x120; two feet above grade; wld»
macadamized street ; there has been ; 20 • tine
houses. built within 1 block of this, lot within
1 three :nonths; 1 block to car line; easy
terms. ¦ -' , ! :
$12.'>0— Thermal H'.ll, corner lot ,.-100x125 •
streets 80 feet wide; close to school and car
: line; splendid location for a fine house; owner
must have money; ch#ap. :
: $1300-r-Glen Echo; good 6-room cottage en
high ground: south front; 1 -block ta good
school and car line; very- easy terms '
The E. P. VANDERCOOK CO., 1016 Broad-'
way,- Oakland, and room 52, second floor
, Mills building, San Francisco,-. Cal. -'
$500 CASH, $20 monthly — 5-room cottage- 4 1-3
acres; artesian wells; outbuildings;. Immense
shade - trees; profusion of shrufcbery; " creek
running water the year round; suparb soil and
.finely sheltered ; away from fogs and winds-
an Ideal spot for a home; city - water and
sewer; street, macadamized; electric carsfront
, the ¦ property;, postofflce, . school, churches
stores, etc.; business center: a rare buy»East
•Oakland; price all told, $3500. - Call or send'
for circular, 455 Seventh St.. , opposite Broad-
way Station, Oakland; carriage free. .H. Z.
'.. ¦ JONES. ' ¦ ¦ - ," ; • .- ¦ - . : - -:.'.¦;."¦".';• r '".- ¦
OAKLAND FbnNITtaii} FOR SALM.
FURNITURE good and cheap this: month^ST
ECHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
Mill Valley Advertiseinepts.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL .'" : ' -
. / ' MILL VALLEY.
- .40 Acres Subdivided Into ¦ Lots. '¦-.
. We have subdivided Into lots the finest prop^
*rty In Mill Valley, known as the SUNNYSIDE
TRACT. ' The. Btreets ; have ¦ been -, and
will be sewered and macadamized. . i The ¦ tract
commands splendid- views of . Mount - Tamalpals
end the. bay. The North Shore Railroad Is
about r to expend $1,'000,000 to perfect an. ideal.
; lerry. 1 . and electric line . system. ¦ . .
- .Send nowi for plats and? prices and go and
look at the property. --.'•. -. ..-:' • . >¦ '•
¦:<¦ . McAFEE. BROTHERS
. IPS Montgomery; at.,' San : Francisco.* . ;
MILL -VALLEY— -For sale or exchange for im-
proved city property, place known as Henry
place, on hill; view and climate unsurpassed-
».1% acres; house, • barn,* small , orchards sev-
•¦- eral . fine - building . sites; 1 grand •- opportunity
.for. carpenter or handy man; with tools;. fine
residence property, ' hotel or institution of anv
klnd. See MRS. McGHEE, 912A Larkln. at-
;, . ; ¦ ..- /'educational.- '.; ..'..'; *•"¦• ; : : : : -.i
heald's i" School'- bi^Kl3Ic^RicALr)BNan
; NEERING-r-Theory, demonstration," construc-
tion,' 'laboratory and shop work;' thoroughly
s ¦• practical ;' day' and night.-: 24 Post'st.,'S.' F. •
catalogue free.:::- .. : -/,¦,' .-'-..' ' .-¦ / •¦-.;.¦»
AYRES' Leading > Business College. 1 723 Market
— $8 per month; 1 $50 life scholarship guaran-
. .tees' a complete* bus. education;', shorthand;'
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, ; penmanship :
.Spelling. Spanish,- etc.; experienced '.teacher*;
. new . typewriters; positions secured; ,' caC; free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL" OF MINES, 21 POST'&T. *
*.S.F. — Thorough ; courses -complete equipment-
all subjects pertaining to mining and ¦ mining
- engineering; day and- night; catalogue j f ree.\, -r',
PRIVATE instructions . In*, physical "culture I for
- ladles' given =by MISS FLORENCE A - BUR-
NETT, > recently from New York. For terms
• and - information • kindly addiess -1226 Octa-
,-;vla 'st^-.v. -:¦..;¦.¦'" ¦ ,.¦¦;¦"':-/'-:' • ¦..'./'¦-. -.,''.' --,x-"
ALL Gregg '¦ stenographers ; secure > positions ; 34
food positions In March ; 1 rapid figures a ' spe-
dalty. S. - ; F. Business College, s 12^8 ; Market."
ARITHMETIC." bookkeeping,' grammar, writing *
-etc:; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1021 M'ssion.nr." Cth^
HI:RKi:LB\' A i)Y E KT1SHM ENTS
HEEKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
$2350 — NEW 2-story house' of 6 'large rooms,-
bath, large wash room, tiled -sink, station-
ary tubs'. . fine mantel ¦ and : sideboard, .: tine
pas fixtures; ,1 blocks to school,' stores, train, '
¦ . <>tc.;-' large- corner lot, -- 45x100: • $2rtO-ca&h,
balance ?2O per month. AV. C. MORAN &
CO.; Lor In Eta. and Schmidt Block.: Barktley.
MKST-bc sold! A new 4-room house on a large
lot: close to station,- stores,: etc.; fine reigh-
b<:rhood; a. bargain; $1350;. $100 down.-bal-
ance $15 per month. HOME REALTY CO.
WE have a number of choice building lots near
station which we can sell you from $300 up.
See these before prices raise. ¦ '¦¦-,¦¦
HOME REALTY CO.
. . ¦ . ¦ : Lorln . Station, Berkeley, Cal..
Optn Sundays. ?^^SSS9^B0SK^BImf9Bm
5201O— NEW- fi-room cottage; lot 100x125: fine
barn; near train and cars. " W» C. MORAN
&CO. ." - ¦
$750-- 3 LOTS. 40x135 each ; snap. W. cT
MORAN & CO. •
$400— 2 LOTS. 50x135 each. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
SEE the Wheeler Tract before lots are raised;
40 already sold. W. C. MORAN & CO.;
Agents. , -
$2400 — NEW S-room house; lot 50x130; 80 foot
. street; H block to cars; $300 cash, balance
same as rent. W. C. MORAN & CO.
No. 313, £3250 — New.,ind* modern- house; one'
of mest 1 beautiful homes in Berkeley; excel- ;
lor.t neighborhood: fine .marine view; -this
will be offered for a Jew days at., these
figures. ¦ : .•¦:"; ' , W •' \ '.: . -¦ ¦ '. '.' •
No. 2SS— A modern 11-room house, excel-
lent plumbing, large Funny rooms; in first-
cless cjder; finely situated; close to<U. C;
for the moderate sum of $4700. . . ;
S. S.' QUACKENBUSH.
Opp. First National Bank. Berkeley.
EAHGAINS . .... ..*....... BARGAINS
$2000 — Beautiful home of two :' acres; fine
cottage of 5 rooms, pantry, etc. ; a snap.: "
$1250 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms, bath, pan-
try, etc.; street work complete; good location.
$1000 — On improved street; good location;
' lot 40xl2S, with good house of S rooms,- etc.
r $150 — Good lots. 25x100. ' in Berkeley.,
' For bargains in real estate, call or address
D. A.WENTWORTH.
1050 University ave.. West Berkeley...
NEW 5-room Voltage; bath, mantel, basement:
eewered: corner lot. 40x100; Golden Gate. -
$1700 — $500 each, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, baib; street work done; city ' water;
Eewered: lot 60x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train. . ' * .':-.. .. •.-¦•.
$1750 — $550 cash, balance flat lean. Pacific
Hume Building Company. 39 -Nevada ¦ block.
San Francisco. . . - - . .
A THOROUGHLY well built house of 11 rooms,
bath. etc.. on the sunny side of street and
near the . university and Head seminary; lot j
100x130: a gentleman's., home. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCH, 514 Pine.
BERKELEY RMS. and BOARD WANTED.
SUMMER boarders accommodated In beautiful
Berkeley hotne; large grounds; abundance of
shade; reasonable. 2240 Shattuck ave.
FRUITY ALE ADYERTISEMENtS
j ' FKCITVALB. REAL / ESTATE.
$900 — House, 5 rooms and bath; lot 45x140;
chicken-house. barn for 5 head of cattle,
fruit trees and flowers: city water; 3
j blocks from electric car line; $100 cash,
balance $9 60 per month.
$1000— House, 3 rooms; large lot; good well; '4
. blocks from car line; terms to suit pur-
chaser. -
$1000— House, 5 rooms and bath; Jot 112x112;
barn; % mile from station; $100 cash,
1 balance $12 CO per month.
$1000 — House, 5 rooms; lot 45x145; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month; AUendale
Tract. ' .
$1100 — House, 5 large rooms; lot. 45x145; all"
fenced; $100 cash, balance $12 per mo.
$1200 — New house, 4 rooms, grained In oak; lot
50x174; city water; $200 cash, balance
$12 rer month. ' ' '
$1500 — House, 5 rooms; steel bath; 30 cherry
,;-*r trees; city water; lot 50x174; $100 cash,
balance $16 SO per month; this is a bar-
caln. : . - . ¦ "
$1500 — House, 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x164;
c~ -. -.¦$21 per month will buy this home; For-
est Park. ..--»¦
$1550 — House. 8' rooms and bath; high base-
ment; [ stationary tubs; lot 37:6x124; 4
blocks from station; $50 cash, balance
$18 per month. This Is a snap. -
$1700— Modern house, 5 rooms, and bath; \i
block from school. 1 block from car line, j
4 blocks, from station: nice- barn; city]
. water; lot 35x124; $200 cash, balance i
$18 per month. - .
$lS00-rHouse. C rooms, bath, mantel; stationary j
1 tubs; high basement; 2 blocks from sta.- '
tlon; $300 cash, balance $21 per month.
No. 1165— Sixteenth st.; 6-room modern cottage;
a desirable home; price $2250; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent.
76 -Orange ave. — Six-room house; large lot;
. $1200;- no payment tfovtn; monthly pay-
ment $16 80. . vV
W. E. RUDELL, corner Fruitvale ave. and
Washington st. Office hours S a. m. to 6 p. m.
Sundays Included. , ; ,
$1000— 5-ROOM cottage, bath, hot and cold
water, chicken-house and yard-., lot 35x119; i
half-block from car line. < „ . ~> \
$1250 — 5-room cottage," hot and cold water, I
bath, good basement: -close to Twenty-third
ave. station; $50 cash,-, balance as rent. V'
$1000 — t-room cottare; lot 25x130; block from I
streetcar. . . . , I
$1200— 5-room cottage, with bath, washtrays; I
street work all done; lot 25x140, with alley.
$2500 — One acre and 5-room cottage, base-
ment, windmill and tank; water piped to house;
household furniture. 125 chickens, good horse
and wagon. . '
51600 — 6-room "cottage, hot and cold water
and bath; 2 blocks from streetcars; lot 100x125.
. $1300 — 2 acres of land on High st.. Frultvale.
Apply ALAMEDA LAND CO..
- 1151 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
A— HULL & LEE, Frultvale Station.
$*C0— Well-built shingle cottage of 2 rooms;
a fine larre barn; lot all fenced: some. fruit
trees and flowers; 1 block to electric oars; fine
large lot, 50x125; close to a good school; as the
owner wants td* go East this. property is of-
fered at a bis sacrifice. . - - ,
¦ $500 — Chicken ranch, 2' acres; 4-rooni cottage,
barn, brooder house, chicken houses, 550 chlclt-
«ns, cow, incubator, feed and meat grinders; all
fenced and cross-fenced; close to station and
electric cars; an ideal place for chickens and
ducks; a long lease at $6 50 month can be had;
It's a snap: see It Monday.
HULL 8c. LEE, 1222 Fruitvale ave
'. , ¦'¦- Frultvale Station; carriage free.
$7500 — COMFORTABLE country home on
Frultvale ave.; 3 acres; 2-story" house of . 11
rooms in fine condition : large barn and out-
houses: owner cleared $350 one year on cher-
¦ ries alone; .nice family orchard; beautiful
grounds: electric car line in front- see
photos at office. - .- = ;
¦> ; . E. J. STEWART & CO..-
¦ . 1008 Broadway.' Oakland.
A HALF acre in Frultvale, near Fourteenth
St.; fruit trees. C: A. SCOTT, 207 Eighth
. st. Oakland. -' ' . ----- ' .
FOR SALE — Make bid;- honey owner wants
money on the spot; lovely lot. "Goujron."
| , box 475». Call office. . K "'
-OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 3118 -BRQADWAV; ;
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE;.
JAS. S. NAISMITH, " -" v-'"-~
JAS. 8.; NAISMITH.
471 Twelfth Street.
471 Twelfth Street
THESE ARE ALL GOOD IN VEF f?MENTS.
$1400— Fine lot for flat s ; 35xt>0, and ; close
to High and - Central -schools; • convenient - to
, Market-street station; West street, "near 17th
$35 per foot, worth $50, will buy : a fine
residence lot on Broadway; walking, distance
of narrow-gauge local; any else front. " : % ;
$3350 — Handsome ; large new • modern two-
story colonial house of 8 rooms; this Is an
- elegant home; Just finished; In the Linda
VUta district; lot is 40x120; streef.work all
done; call and let us show you this house
i : $2750 — Fine northecst • corner . on ¦ 7th ; ave-
. nue: lot 50x100; two-story house of 7. rooms •
-owner Is a non-resident, and' easy terms can
. be arranged. -
$2100— Good cotUge of C rooms, bathroom
etc.; on ICth St., east of Market; this could
; easily be raised and made into two flats, and
would' make a fine investment. > , 1 -
* -$2700— Very pretty new -modern .Queen
Anne style of house; two 'stories; .7. rooms-
. high . basement; on high ground - in , the Pied-
mont jQii«trIct; easy terms can be . arranged."
, $115u — Good hard-finished cottage of ¦' five
rooms, with bathroom, - pantry; good 1 , cellar-
-. lot is '50x100; ¦ must -be sold • to close . out ¦• aii
' estate; easy: terms If desired;- rented for . 12
I>er month; pays ' good Interest.' -!
'. , $400-^-Lot 50x100, . on ' north A side ' of 45th
rtreet: owner Is a non-resident* and-; wants
to- sell; this is right where ¦ all . the ¦ Improve-
ments are corning;inew ferry at foot of 40th
¦ ', street; cross-town road,", etc. ; is bound to ln-
' crease. "".¦ :- .-' ¦ • '. . :.- ¦".'<• .. •-.
. . CALL AND SEE US. / '
471 Twelfth Street.^ ;
HAVK s you a' house or 'a lot that" you want i to
; «ell?i If'sojbringor/send in -a description
with location,"- price. .etc. -We -will' sell it!
¦ JAMES 6. NAISMITH.- 471 Twelfth st. . " .'.¦
$4750— Beautiful new" b-room house. Just "corh-
: pleted, on ¦ Eighteenth ¦ st.', \~i East ¦ Oakland •
Ktrlctly up-to-date; * large Jot; ne*r ; churches
school*, electric cars and broad gauge; terms
reasonable. .B.H:' WELCH & CO., Fifth ave.
and : Eighteenth st."- > - -•
rOIXT KtCIIMOXD HEAli ESTATE.
FOINT RICHJIOND LOTS— - s
Point Bichmonii Lots.
; . The Sar.ta Fe Tract.
Tcrniinuss Great Santa Fe Railroad?
XVr-cr* tfte Standard Oil Company Is-Expend-
,~ • ing Millions.
' Lets All Level. StreeU Graded.
$10 Cash; $5 Monthly. $150, and Up.
The Greatest Opportunity Ever Offered.
Do Not Miss This Chance,
McEWEN BEOS., 118 Montgomery st.
Sole Agents." ,-¦ ¦¦•;•- -i
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.^ . " „
THE SANTA FK -l^ACT.
Terminus of the Santa Fe Rallroaa.
TlM" Standard OH Company Is Expending
Millions Here in Erecting Immense
OH Works. '
the Comin? Manufacturing City of the Coast.
WHERE SUIP AND RAIL MEET.
Big Money to B«- Made in Real Estate.
Lou All Level. 5 150 and Up.
Streets Graded. '.¦> ?15 Cash. $5 Monthly.
McEWEN BROS.; 118 Montgomery st. .
sole agents\ '.' '-
point mcu31ond pmoperty.
Richmond! , • . -
City of Richmond.
City of Richmond.
City of Richmond.
City of" Richmond.
Terminus Santa Fe R. R. i
Terrpinus Santa Fe R. R. '
Terminus Santa Ke K. R: '
Terminus Santa Fe R. R.
' -Lots from $180. i
Lots from $160.
$25 carh, balance $5 i>er month. .
$23 cash, balance $5 per month.
$25 oash, balance ¥5 jier month.
$1:5 cash, balance $5 per month.
Esnta Fe and Southern Pacific stations at
the vroperty.
Ftanditrd Oil Company and great manufac-
turing industries building on adjoining land.
Sen.! for free maps and price list.
Send fcr free maps and price list, '
Send for free msijf and price list;
Send for free maps and price list.
' KICKMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.),
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY <Inc).
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.).
KICHMOSD LAND COMPANY (Inc.).
Roonr I.*?. Crocker buildinc. S. F.
Room I8-J!, Crocker bulldirur. S. F.
Room IS?, .Crocker buil<fing. S. F.
RQfim IS?. Crocker building. S. F.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AI.AMEDA REAI. F.STATE.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BAR-
GAINS!
Building lets and properties obtatned under
foreclosures a F-neclalty. Now is the time to
buy property In Alameda, the prettiest and
healthiest city in California. ¦••-'•
READ CAREFULLY!!!..
$600— Lot 50x150.
S1200 — Lot on Benton St.; choice location.
$1500 — Lot 50x150; sunny, elde San. Antonio
ave.
- $2000— Lot 50x150 on Alameda ave., near
Grand et. " - : .,
$2000 — Lets on Central ave.; $o0 p« front
foot.
$1200— Cottage 5 rooms and bath.
?:400 — Cottage 5 rooms and bath. ,
J2150 — New modern 5-room cottage.
,$25C0 — New modern cottage; 5 rooms; a bar T
$3000 — C-room cottage; lot 50x150. '„
$1000 — Modern 10-room house In choice loca-
tion on San Jose ave.; large lot; an -excellent
chance to buy for this price; a home costing
iver $9CO0. '
Office open Sundays and evenings.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 Santa Clara ave. ¦
5PLENDID ranch cf 260 acres, highly culti-
vated and improved; (rood buildings; fenced
in S fields; hog-tight fence; best and richest
of Missouri land; good orchard of apples;
poaches and cherries; 120 acres timotny and
clover; 40 acres blue grass; balance corn,
•wheat and oats; not a foot of waEte land;
trade for good California stock ranch In any
of the bay counties or San Francisco, Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley./^' | ; r £* .
$2000 — Good grocery, doing fine business,
to exchange for good ranch in one i of the
bay counties and *>ay cash difference. What
have you? I';
Some f.n* lots on Oakland side of the bay
to exchange for San Francisco income prop-
erty and pay $50,000 cash difference. Noth-
lryr but good property will be considered.
E. J. STEWART & OOrr
* 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
SOME GOOD BARGAINS. -
$1150 buys a cottage and lot 40x150: a snap.
$1500 buys 5-room house, colonial; nice sized
?2150 buys an elegant 5-room cottage; lot 40
xl25. " - "'-¦"'-¦
$25(30 buys an S-room house; lot 35x150; fore-
closure. ' ' •", /^_i-I"
$2850 buys 6-room cottage: lot 50x100; must
be sold. - ;' •¦ " ¦
Jr.oOO bays an elegant home. 8 rooms ana
bath; all rnoflern improvements; -large lot;
choice location; a bargain.
Home* built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings. '
$1UKJ~ WILL buy a nice 4-room cottage; lot
4SxlO<5; sunny side: half block from station.
$2500 — A bargain; must be sold; 2-story
residence: 6 large rooms, bath and laundry;
choice location; near Chestnut station. N -
H. G. MEHRTENS.
1520 Webster et., Alameda,
STOP PAYING RENT.
We will build you a home or carry your
; mortgage without interest. Call or write
' Home Seekers' Realty Co., 537 Parrott bulld-
Ing. ¦
ALAMEDA FCRMSHED IIODSES. .,
A NICELY furnished house In -Alameda. one
block from broad gauge depot: rent $60 per
month. Apply GEO. L. LEWIS &. CO.. 1001
Park ft., Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
$1200— 5-ROOM cottage; bath: high basement;
fnrn. If desired. 'S. A., Call office. Alameda.
-.BERKELEY ADTERT1SEMENTS
RERIvKLEV KliAI, ESTATE.
allen's list] "~~ ™~~—
All on Paved Streets.
Convenient to the University.
LOTS.
¦•v-$5<^ — 50x130; east of Grove st. - -.
MCC — 50x100: nice corner; east of Grove.
flnT.'i — Sightly corner; east of Shattuck, near
Berryman.
$1250 — Elegant west front - lot on Hillegass
: *ve.
fl.100— - Corner; 50x140; elegant location.
$1500—50x130; east of Eaattuck;' north of
Heete.
$2500 — Choice corner; eaet of Ellsworth; north
of Dwight.
RESIDENCES.
72250 — 1 rooms; large lot; good location.
$3000 — New: S rooms; large lot; good location.
$3500 — New; S rooms; fine location; east of
Tclepraph. ¦ . . '
$3750 — Elegant house; 7 rooms; fine location;
east of Shattuck.
$3750 — Good 9-room house; nice location; fine
lot.
$4€50 — Nice: 12 rooms; nearly new; close In.
$4750 — Elegant house; 8 rooms; handsome
grounds; nice location.-
¦ $ti>00 — Very nice ' 10-room house; choice lot;
fine location.
. f 7O00 — Elegant 9-room house; lot 70x130;
strictly choice location. :
INVESTMENTS.
$2200 — 7 rooms; rents for $22;' well located.
. $«AUO — 10 rooms; rents for $42 50; very good
prepfrty,
$4750 — 12 rooms; rents for $50; nearly new;
extra good location for Income. «
•$4750 — 16 rooms; in nice condition; rents for
¦ $50; decided bargain.
;$i>000 — Well located business lot; cheap build-
ings; pays fair rate of Interest.
LYMAN ALLEN.
' - '-'¦'¦ ' 212y Center. st.
BERKELEY bargains— Send; for prices of lots
in the Hill««ass Tract. Special Agents MAY
& MORTIMER. Berkeley station.. ., :
$JOOG— MOST rightly lots in Berkeley in the
Wheeler Tract; each 50x130; street work
< done; send Sot map. MAY &. MORTIMErt.
$4000 — PRETTY home In the Scenic Park near
cclk-g*"; 8 rooms and bath: lot* 70x125; Btrcct
work <Jon<>: land worth $40 a foot. MAY &
'MORTIMER. . ¦ ¦ «
$1125— GOOD buy* in the HHlejrans Tract; lots
50x148; street work all. done,- including -ce-
rr,«nt walks, macadamizing, • gas,' -sewer,
..•water, and climate unexcelled In the world
MAY & MORTIMER.' '
$15<» — LOTS 5(txt25: Btrert work done";, rhort
walk' to cans; a. big snap. - Cal! «and we us
: MAY- & MOnTIlIER.
'2123 Center st., Berkeley.
NEW hcuw of 7 rooms, .4, bedrooms;- contains
all -modern improvements; larg* », lot; near
• electric railroad. Apply -JOS. J. • MASON
Res! E«ate, lierlceley. ' - . /
ONLY ?1400 — House "of 5 room*; corner lot;
near Ftatk;n; '• a barnraln. v; JOS. J.iMAFOx'
-.. Rg»! - Et tate. Beikeley. ? •' •_,'-- - . ; ','
-MUST be so'd: owner lfta\-lng for southern port
cf State; handsome houre of 11 rooms and
bath; good location; nne vlewviot 70x100;
will st sacrifice to make qutck^ale. . Ap-
ply JOE. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley
station.
I - BMPLbYaiEIV.T. -¦ WANTEJD— MALE. c'.i
j YOUNG rman, J with ; , several '¦ years'/ experience,
r; ; using system, of accounts • which show actual
j results rot?, business - each - month; . competent
~/to take charge of ; any * office ; will be • glad to.
./correspond: further.*- -Address -W." O': r . G.I No.'
» 111 .West V.Twenty-flfthfst.". "- ; New,, York . Clty.y
t BEAKER, first-class second hand,- wants Job In
I „ 'country.'; Box: 4722; Call."' ' ' .' . . '. - v -
OLD * man : wants an -. easy," steady . Job ; - 1 small
compensation ; no canvassing. ": Box 4780. Call/'
A BLACKSMITH ¦ helper, wishes ' to ; finish'- his
trade." Box; 4781." Call. ' . . : x -:
STRONG | willing 'young .'man ; I good I character;
'.,: experienced ...with s- handling - horses; • .wishes
- - employment ; ; wages ¦ moderate; -.' Address box
' 4260,'- Call ;of flee, Oakland.- •' -. '. ,
NURSE with . best ; of references ; : mail rates
i-.. f 1 50 day.".: Box ; 4747, ..Call i office. ". ; . . ;
COMPETENT young ; man wishes to work
¦ morning and evening .¦ in . exchange f or . rcora
: with or, without ', board.' 7. Box 4783, -Call office.
A ; HANDY j man | wants : employment who thor-
•j oughly: understands poultry,. Incubators.* care
1 .. of - horses ; • can -milk : at > present ¦ employed In
.-- ; city ; r good , references. * Box 47.18, . Call :. office.
SI-FUATION; wanted by a Danish man 5», years
* -. old ; understands » gardening-, . flowers, . , vege-"
,. tables, frulf.i care of , horses,' : poultry; ' can
--;-; milk; ,- best -: of "references; .wages about S30
¦ month. -Address or call 331 Kearny st.. r. 36:
SITUATION : byj young ! man of 27,': experienced
* stenographer and assistant bookkeeper; ¦ has
- knowledge ¦ of Spanish .-, and Spanish .- steno-
graphy; -first-class references. .Box 4753,
: Call offices. ,' ¦ ' •'. -, - ,-s -..- ~
MAN -. and . wlf e ', wish -position a ; in country : re-
-sort or hotel; man can /do plumbing and tin-"
nlng,:handy with any kind of tools; wife to
do . chamber or house ; work. • / Box ' 4751, ¦ Call/
COMPETENT middle-aged person going ' East
'will take : charge . of and accompany • one ' or
, two; children; of care taken. ¦ J. G.,
-;-.Russ' House. . "/ V . .-', •.
PRACTICAL " mechanical engineer •¦ wishes po-
v sition; city or country; can operate all kinds
of steam or electrical machinery. . Box 4741 '
Call. office. .•;.:¦ .. >_ ¦
ENGINEER. ¦ 15 years'- experience, wishes po-
'. sltlon; understands all kinds ..steam-- and
electric ¦ engineering; -'references. 'Box 4710,
Call office. :• . : ,
WANTED-^By a middle-aged man, to take care
.. ' of. horee, carriage and work around the place
> In a private family. - Apply -Winchester Ho-
I- tel,;; room 469. L -. :¦'»>' , . • . ;
YOUNG man,, 28, energetic, sober and* reliable,
I who la • an aceurate bookkeeper, desires ' sal-
. arled -position of any kind; salary no object;
preferences. >Box 4755," Call. •. :•
MIDDLE-AGED man,' best references, wants
• easy ; position ; i satisfied ' ,with ; small wages.
Box 4742, Catt office. - L -. -
WATCHMAKER, engraver and optician, fully
- competent : and j reliable In either , line. V Ad-
3 dress R, care Armer & Welnshenk/ 207 Sutter.
WANTED — Position by _ an experienced s cloth-
. ing and shoe salesman; city or country. Box
; 4754, Call. :- J : Y-;-. :;-.
ENGINEER and blacksmith would like position
In sawmill. Address box 4739, Call office.
FIREMAN-: wants t position; ; seven - years' ex-
* perience; best of references. ; Box 4740, Call."
RELIABLE German- American: wishes position
j as 'collector; or, business agrent with responsl-
| bla firm ; j best of , references- and bonds given
If requh-ed. Box 4703. | Call office. - :
INDUSTRIOUS gardener/, understands care of
horses,- buggies, cows, vegetables, lawn, flow-
ers; In , private, family; willing andobligmg;
references; country preferred. Box 4642, Call.
TWO first-class mechanics want painting, pa-
.-¦' .perhanf Ing. , etc ;'- city - or ¦ -country ;. price
¦ moderate.-; Box 4675. -.Call office. . y .: .-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
" at Call j branch office. 2200 ,Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
I subecrlptlons: has been established at 100(5
Valencia Bt. fiiM 'M'il " k JBHWoMLIJU.
; FLATS ". TO \ "LET. ";'
A— SEE the elegant new j flats on Washington
. st., near Lycn; 7 rooms, . bath, marine view.
SPECK &; CO.. 667 .Market St. -
'A — BRAND new flats, 4 to"8 rooms; 539 to 547
; Frederick st. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A— CALL and . see : us for new .flats, cozy cot-
¦¦¦ tages, houses. .SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FURNISHED or. unfurnished ; beautiful new 6-
vroom flat; all rooms .with bay-windows open-
- ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
r Hall on Halght-st. cars. 47 Portola St., cor-
ne-r Duboce ¦ Park, • first corner ¦ west from
Stelner and Waller sts./ >
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath. $12; also 2-story
stable suitable for carpenter shop $5; Scan-
dinavian ' preferred. ,024 Shotwell • st., near
: Twenty-fourth; large garden, r v
WASHINGTON St.. bet. Polk and Van Ness
; ave.^-Elegant new flats, 8 rooms, $72 and
. $77; open to-day. , , ;
MCALLISTER,. 1341— Beautifully - furnished - 7-
, room flat to rent for 4 months; very cheap to
right party; ¦ possession \, Immediately.
NEWLY furnished modern flat complete; four
rooms and bath; gas and electric. lights; fur-
. nlture for sale. 'Apply 298 Hyde st.
CAPP. &36— In warm belt; grand view; 7-room
up-to-date flat.- ¦ .' : - •;
FILLMORE, 1236, bet. , Eddy and * Turk— 7
rooms and bath; near . carhouse ; rent $25.
HAYES,', 1749, '.near park— Modern . sunny flat
: 5 rooms, bath ; $20. water f ree. , ¦
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms: stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $18. 1181 A Howard st.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath: large stable:
ren t $25. 2»40 - Howa rd, - bet. 25th and : 26th.
THREE i rooms, bath. ¦, $13; five ' rooms, bath,
• $15. 4 1 5-479 ChestnutrSt., : near Powell.;
UPPER corner ..' flat, 4 rooms and bath ;: rent
$17; no children. Call cor.' Laguna' and .Fell.
: FLATS ' TO 1.K1— KLRMSHiiU. ¦
: COMPLETE ' nicely . f urn. ¦ floor of 5 rooms, : for
- housekeeping; t modern ¦ corner house,- facing
;- south and east ; private family : ¦ Western Ad-
• : dition. Phone Jackson 9Si; or box 5763, \ CaH."
AN elegant ! C-room', furnished flat 'to lease for
! ; the season to a reliable tenant; centrally lo-
• cated • and sunny; "will; vacate last -of April;
"preferences required: . Bbx 4778, Call. r-;- ; .;
I MODERN upper C-room ": flat to let./- furnished,
• or will-sell furniture; sun in every room all
day. Call 119-Bartlett st. ? . ' . . \\
FLATS- FUll SALli^.1' IK.MSHKO. .
FOR' sale-i-7-room furnished . flat. "Apply after
. ,10 a.: m. 413 Ellis et. ' - v .
FLATS WANTED,
FLAT or- small house, about 5 -rooms; -'name
i prlye ; references. .- Box ' 4772, • Call j office. • - -
THE . "Phoenix Savings", of 53R Calif ornla^st!;
rSan Francisco, Cal.. -has a subscribed capital
-of three million dollars. ; Reserve fund. $100.-
1 The. only association In California with
a' permanent non- withdrawable 1 capital, i pro-
:\ tecllng Investing '¦ shareholders from . possible
" loss. . ¦ Earnings for. 1901, s 9 per cent. ¦¦¦ Guar-
- antees and 'pays 6 > per cent on $100 > certlfl-"
~J cates. ; withdrawable • after one year. •¦' Make
¦ ¦'definite loan Contracts. Interest low.' : ' ¦ .-
_. -Directors — A; -A. VWatklns. -vice -president
¦ .W; W.r Montague •& Co..' and president Board
of s- Trade, ' S. F. ; j Charles >R, Bishop, • vice
;-. president Bank of ; California. S. '- F.. : director
" " Savings - knd Loan Society, ' S. ' F., ¦ and Cali-
pl fornia s Tltlo' Insurance and ;,Tru3t Co.. , S; F. ;
'/':¦¦ S.7 Prentiss ' Smith, ; late assistant ' - cashier
: Bank of California," S. , F., director National
V." Bank ' of ; D. ' O/- Mills, Sacramento ; George " C.
"', Boardman, v Gc neral Aetna : Insurance , Co. . ' S.
; >~F.. -I director -< San; Francisco -Savings Union-
i Charles E.' Ladd of Ladd ' &" Tilton, j bankers,
¦ :• Portland,- Or. ; : Gavin - McNab, . attorney "; at
; law; Clarence Grange,- late Building and Loan
?" Commissioner, of : Montana." , 5 v ¦ --;-. , ;
r--.°'. Trustee— Mercantile > Trust " Company i :'of
'-.Sah 'Francisco.: -¦...:;,- ..¦¦'.- i
PACIFIC Underwriting '& Trust Co.- (Inc.) — We
- . have '42! offices; in "operation; ¦ new ' method ' of
¦ placing ; stocks - and.-' bonds ; companies - incor-
porated; stock* and. bonds underwritten." CaH
-•I or ' address main ; offlce.-v 607-8-9 -Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES j Incorporated and 'financed ; stocks
* . and ¦ bonds sold ; good projects v wanted ; - inves-
;\'«.tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: writ*
. us. . Pa c. • States Mining fe Invest. Co.t 326 Post 1
;WV : :(v : '", Ft'IlNlTUHK ;*'«R « S ALK.^ . - ; ¦' * ->
AT ¦ CAVANAGHr Furniture" Co.fi 84S >and , ; 850
;:, Mission st.-^Speclal inlaid-linoleum, C5c yard;
'¦ \ couches.1 $3 ; ; stoves, ;i $5 ; , chairs, 5 3oc ; .bed ¦ sets, •-
I $8 and up ; 4 rm«. -¦ f urn.,"- oak," $48/. No.". 7 sto ve/
FURNITURE ! in? nice sunnyi flat at 314%; Ful-
,, ton ¦ st.'; > near.; Franklin % (:i ';- blocks-, from ¦ New
'-\CItyjHall)! for sale;; rent $20 per month. In-
quire -on* premises, s 1 ;¦'... y >.'»'•¦!-
4 ROOMS furnished In i oak, $48 50 wi th No ' 7
¦¦;.. range. 8 ; King Furniture Co.t ; 1127-1131 Market. ,
BABY; buggy, Tdlnlng-room -'-table '-and chairs;
hanging, lamps. 1 21G Golden ; Gate ; a.ve". ;'_ v ;>; v
':..-';rUH.SlTORB.iWAJiTEU;.y:. J -". .';"-'.:;
A. -. W0LLPERT.1 773 j Mission sf." paj-s highest
y. 1 price for. second-hand furniture; tel. T Red 1354.
BIG.prtcepaldfor furniture for 60 days; special
¦¦r.". ren!»on«..r WAUGH. r.i 415 Examiner, bldr.* .
¦- '.-. '',. .'.-'¦'.-,¦'• i gloves.^ ¦ :¦¦¦,:-,' : :-,.,.¦: \ • ;•
D.*& F.* BLACK »uede glove; best In the world;
,, > warranted ; , kept in' repair, a: 121 , Grant ave.-r .
'¦:¦¦ r C sale;;;;-, .^ .-¦ '¦
NEWj house,'! 71 rooms ; ¦ sun . all ; day : i fine * rest-"
g| dence , district; ;, Portola^ st.r« oft bet.
Pierce and Stelner/ GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
HOUSES TO tET.
A— PRINTED 1 1st houses to let ; send f or cir-
• cular. G. H. ; UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner pesidence In Western Addition ;
,- 8 -rooms,' bath; conservatory, ; grounds, etc.;
; rent reasonable. VON EHEIN RE. CO.,
> 513 -California st. ' - ' . ' -.•-¦:
Af-HBURY 727— $40; elegant 9-room house;
--- finished basement f fine neighborhood ;' near
¦ Park; Panhandle.;: Owner, .box 4652. Call, --^j
SUNNY 6-room rear" house, yard; rent $13.
% 1409 Jackson St.; near Hyde. ; ; ''"-': . ¦- ¦
TO let— House at 10 rooms, bath and heaters.
Clay stft key 1436 Clay st. \
$50— HOUSE 8 rooms; also . large yard and
basement.- 1615 Bush St.. near Franklin.'
UOtSEl TO LET--FPBSISUED.
A — FURNISHED residences ~ and" flats In s all
.parts of the city, $30 to $350; call to see us;
we can suit you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
MISSION. 2324, near Twentieth— Furnished 7
rooms 'and -bath; rent reasonable.
$27 60-^FURNISHED house, 5 rooms and bath.
, 1206 Devlgadero st.
' HOUSES AVAKTEP.
RESPONSIBLE party would take charge of
house— during • owner's absence In summer;
central. 758 Scott st. .
~- .-.//: HORSES i AMD WAGOXS.
NOW HERE. - '¦ i " v •¦* '-
20 horses from 1100 to 1700 lbs; 1 Electioneer
- : by ¦ Don Marven ; . three by " Nutwood Boy.
record 2:22; also 1 Norman stallion. SUL-
LIVAN'S Hay Barn. Mission road, above
, Co ur Hand ave. . .'. '. ¦ \ " ¦ '¦
A- HOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market,- 327 Sixth st. ; also . buggies, , wagon*.
. harness, 7 etc ; auction sales every Wednesday
— at 11 a. in. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
1 . well-l-roken carriage, wagon, work and- driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. , Howard st.
MARE, $10; buggy, $15; heavy single harness,
$12 50; cut-down express, $125. 79 City Hall
• V avenue. '. ¦; - ¦ '- .-%. , : ¦ - '¦ .' ¦ ¦ •
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa.salesyard — Just arrived.
. several fine road and business ¦ horses, new
bugglen'and harness. 1499 Markf^ cor. 11th.
217PASSENGER "wagonette, 9-seated surrey,
second-hand light closed carriage, cheap at
O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
3 PETAL^UMA carts as good as new and 2 nice
' - buggies at a bargain. Inquire of CRAIG ; &
SONS, 37G7 Twenty-fourth st. . ¦, U
NO..1 top wagon for butcher, baker or laun-
dry; price $75. 319 Third paint store.
SECOND-HAND business buggies; also 1 light
. ¦ top buggy. 1370 Turk st. . ¦ - .
Largest' stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th&Valencla
AN A No. 1 express wagron, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission. -
;.- ¦-- 1 - ' ; 1XVESTMEXTS. ¦_ ; -"._ r ...,.-'
IF you have money to Invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY, 137 Montgomery St.,
-¦ S. F., know it. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AMI) FOOSiD.
.LOST, April. 3, 1902— A 5 flask of quicksilver;
: between. Santa Fe railroad and Mall Dock;
.a suitable reward wlll.be paid for the return
of same to FARNSWORTH . & RUGGLES.
; Draymen, 100 California St. \ ' -
IX5ST — A ' diamond sunburst, Saturday noon,
. between Larkm . and . Fulton and Hayes and
V* Buchanan. Finder receive reward at 111
Larkln Bt.; RUEDIGER & LOESCH.
LOST— La-st Friday night, Sixteenth and Har-
rison, lj-rge white fox terrier; brown »pot on
ear. Ilfturn to 428 Clipper St.; receive re-
ward of $2 50. ; ¦ . :- r> :
LOST— Silver haired terrier bitch pup; answers
yto name Dot. Return to 810 Folsom St.;
. liberal reward. ¦ . , .
LOST— March 27. from Dr. Buzard's Dog Hos-
• pltal.' corner Post and,Fnimore sts., a black
"¦' cocker dog. Return to owner, 413 Hyde St.,
.-¦ and i receive reward. :
LOST— A brown cocker spaniel male pup. J-te-
;-'- turn ' to 516 st. ; ¦ liberal reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
; nla Watch -Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
: gold and sliver to make new watch ca.se>.
MATUIMOXIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1887; reliable and
cfcfidentlal; lists 10c. Mrs. HerU. 706 Ellis.
1&M 1 S fcE LLAN EODS— FOR S ALK.
BOILERS, engines; 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH ¦ & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
48x1 0-INCH air receiver and fitting; 36xl4-lnch
• air receiver and fittings; 54xl6-lnch oil tank
and connections; 4Sxltt-lnch oil tank and con-
. nectlons; square and' round tanks. -all sizes,
I 54x16 inches; return , tubular boiler, all com-
plete; Atlas engine,: Dow pump, all second
. hand. 130-132 Beale St.; H. S. "WHITE.
STEAMER trunks, : all sizes. ....... .$1 50 each
Round and flat top trunks... $2 to $3
• Also, large inside- door safe ......... .$70
DEUTSCH, 148 Second St.
WOULD like to sell gold watch chain and
charm, diamond ring, diamond earrings, dia-
mond pendant to private party. Box 4748,
Call office. ¦ . -'..,.¦
A— BUYS. , sells . or rents gear, machinery, en-
glnes, boilers.' water pipes., shafting, pulleys.
etc. - WHITELAW, '253-255 Spear, at.
BAR fixtures; big < stock; installments; billiard
- -and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
; Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
CHICKS. 10c; thoroughbred hatching eggs.
Ihgleslde Poultry . Yards,-. 807 Mount Vernon
, -ave.; get off car at Ingleslde . Coursing Park.
WHITE 'Leghorn, .black. Minorca, eggsl ~~?5c;
setting $5 hundred. ¦ - 3256 Encinal ave.. Ala-
meda. i .¦ ' - .
CIGARS at less - than < auction prices ; reliable
goods; money back if : not satisfactory.
/ KAHN & CO.. 209 Battery St.. San Francisco.
FOR v gale at- ; a bargain — High-class- automo-
'< <.blle; good as new. Call on or address ttt.t--
MANN & BENDEL. 313-327 Battery St. .
; A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora . hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar ¦ Price Hatters; 330 Kearny St.; near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants,. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. . 437 Montgomery st.
' A— SEALSKIN jacket for sale for $65. Port-
land ' Loan Office, : 25 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS violin and case;*rare old Instru-
'ment; your. own price. -624.16th,- Oakland. ¦¦¦•
BOATS, launches, : rowboats ; carried in ' stock.
. BAKER & HAMILTON. . ' :
$iO — FRENCH range: 8-foot; second hand.
HOCKING &i ADAMS, 38S Geary st.
NEW ' Home . and - Domestic ' sewing machine;
i good , order; " complete; . cheap, i" 1915 Mission.
ALL slze3 men's shoes, slightly damaged, : half
¦' price. , 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
FOR $ SALE — Brooding , and chicken house,
- cheap. 1571 Railroad . ave., Alameda.
THE firm of Uncle J Harris, has retired from
-business. • . ' % . W~" '•¦
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
.- go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
¦ • bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co. . ol9> Market
ASK ' for prices ' on second-hand typewriters (alt
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULL ARD & BRECK, 131 Post st. . ,'-, •
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
": and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 < Mission it.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J..BURKE. 139 Beale st. '¦
SAFES — New and! second : - hand. THE HER-
; . • MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. . ~
WE pay $5 per 100 for names ; send 10c for
;< blank book • and -particulars. . The French
Chemlcal.Co.. 241 N. Fifth; st.."-PhHa.;: Pa.
BIG I prices'- paid for sealskin ' coats ; • also gents'
' full dress : and • Tuxedo suits. • ' Portland Loan
, Office., 25 Stockton , et. ; phone , Bush 4S4. '-
WANTED-^A'.Betz body dry' hot air /bath;
: state price iind condition. »¦ Address Bath box
»- 4635. [Call of flee. .. .' .-,- x ' '
WANTED — Rubber '• tired • . phaeton. BYRON
.* MAUZY; Piano Warerooms. 30S-310-C12 Post.
WANTED-^Second-hand ', adjustable go-cart~in
V. rood : , condition ; : state ; price. ,- Box .4765.': Call.
JOB printing press," 7x11' or 8x12; also Job type
; -Box 4773» Call- office. ' ¦¦¦..¦'¦-¦ . *" ¦
' I ..WILL pay > good V cash prices for old seal-
',* sklr.s; send postal; will' call. ; Box ; 4337."- Call. ¦
"Wanted-/-2d-hand electric motors, all ¦ sizes any
». condition.' FarnsworthElectrlcalWks..418Tnrk.;
.TILTON ".wants good - second-hand clothlns and
.-th»»trlcal, goods,' 154 9th St.: tel.- Jessie 2851.
'l' 31OXEY: TO-LOAK/ .;
'ANY proposition," any amount; 6 p^rcentTflrst"
1 ¦- second 1 and : third ¦ mortgages, estates", in ' pro-
,, bate,^interest Mn estates, vitsades. undivided
r Interests.- securities,: manufacturing and mer-
?-cantlIe Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 10
y^lst floor,- Chronicle big." GEORGE E. OLSEn!
ELFVING. *616 Examiner. big. ; Toanron'planos ;
« furniture. ; etc., . at 1 2% ¦ without < removal ; no
'. : brokerage charged ; confidential ; open eves.
°- A .V L ,ANE, Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; 'interest low; also easy payment loans.
MONEV TO LOA^-Cqn<iM««a.
A— HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bd*
•^ -^^$4 500,000 at Lowest Rates.:;......
*"*"*'-" On First and Second Mortgages
""".'. On Life Interests In Estates...
•"M'lProperty Being Held In Trust
v ..Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance -Policies; Estates -in Probate.
See'HERMAN MURPHY. , 601-602 Examiner.
A $m0CO N a1"5% r and 6 per cent In sum^tc- suit;
City Oakland. Town and Country. Property;
.icond mortgages, life insurance and seeuri-
tl«- taSS ofunsettled estates undivided In-
tprp'sts in real estate and legacies; will pur-
ch^se above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.? 7THyLOOR. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages.
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
.......;..... "R. McCOLGAN
.........24 Montgomery. st.. room 3... ......
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84«
Market st: tel. Main 1644.' Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
. Geary st. ; phone Red 1C03.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
,lowesM-ate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit In city;
.$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond rcortgs. R. J. Mercer & Son. .412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 38.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture pianos; no removal; low rates: confiden-
tial.' WHITEHEAP (Wilson's). .1710 Market.
S F DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
- THE TOUSLE Y CO... 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confident
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. <J Eddy. nn. 72. 4th flr.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates: pianos
& furniture; no removal. Garthels. 208 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on eacU
• $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. L
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
¦ moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; loweet rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
IF yon want a home I will loan you money ta
buy It. A. E. RUDEXrL, 222 Sansome st.
-LOANS money on salary: no lndorser; Eastern
plan. .Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WA5TED.
MONEY wanted — $12,500 on No. 1 "i<"»n»
property; good interest. Add, box 4740. Call.
' MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble.
' consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief tn all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University.
Berlin, In midwifery cases; takes ladies before
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment,' $15: room and board. $5 week; Infants
adopted; will take2towcri at my private rest-
• dence. 606 Guerrero St., nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 yrars'. experience; . instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
.fee low. .906 Market st». opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and durlnj
. confinement; best medical care; low feea.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES% original
method of treatment; maternity home; horns
In confinement. 1126 Market st..-8.F.
MRS. DA VIES, ladies' specialist, at old office.
1228 Market St.; no branch office.
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable • and 'sincere spo-
dallst. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposlt*
Union gqiiare: all diseases cured hy herb».
. MUSICAL^INSTKUMEXTS.
A TEMPTATION OP PRICE AND QUALITT
• COMBINED.'
1 Hallett & Davis : %X5
1 Arlon ....... .,*. 75
1 Decker Bros-.... 10O
1 Chlckerlngft* ;... 10O
. 1 Stelnway T.. 125
1 Weber ...r.. 125
1 Biddle ; 175
1 Richmond . .... . .' *.'.".". 200
1 Spielmann '....... 250
1 Hamilton ............ '.." .275
1 Lester .'...... ." 825-
1 Byr*» Mauzy 375
: 1 ¦ Sohmer '. .'. 400
I; Stelnway Ctancert Grand .':.": 400
• l'Electri Piano, Piano and Attachment.. 500
Easy terms if- desired. BYRON MAUZY.
. 30S-310-312 Post st;
A FACT — We have received more pianos in the
last three day 3 than aft our competitors com-
bined, and on account of incompletion of
building all muat be sold; over 200 to select
from; all makes; new uprights. $9,8 up; stand-
ard makes. $150 up; payments 53 a month up.
REALLY ' RELIABLE BARGAINS. y
,- All uprights. ' such aa one Heine. $315; 3
. Steinways. $190; 2 Chickerings, $165. and 50
others. Thirty square grands from $13. up.
Exactly such pianos as are offered by others
as bargains at $185, for $118. All the leading
musicians use and Indorse the Heine Piano;
. over 5000 In use In San Francisco. - HEIN3
PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL cased, rich-toned pianos, with
the flnestr action can be had from us at such
low prices and easy terms that any one can
afford to* buy; in fact it is better to buy
than rent. We sell the Decker- Wlssner-Bau-
melster and Utoddard. and you cannot fail to
be pleas.; d with them. Call and took,' even-*
If • you ¦ are : not Quite . ready to buy. THE
ZENO MAUYAla MUSIC CO.. 7B9 Market.
'ALTHOUGH many ' seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we pan not only duplicate them,' but can
> offer exceptionally * fine - pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY St. CO.. Steinway dealers
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand squarevpianos from $50 up.. '¦'¦: {
Seccnd-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up.. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
- and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time-
within 2 , years and full purchase price al-
' -lowed on ' a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy »
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1S50.
DEALERS, big profits saved on unredeemed
pianos; selling for storage- and advances; up-
rights, $37 up (wonderful)." WILSON'S Stor-
age. 1710 Market at. , .
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For safe
only by, the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
St.,; San Francisco.- Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. ,- ' : .
SMALL upright. . $35; large cabinet ' grand up-
"right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; ,A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th St.. Ivers & Pond agts.
•UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain- best
renting pianos In city for $3 per ¦ month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
MOVING East— -Must dispose of -large, hand-
•J ¦ some : upright • grand . piano ; third . cost. 1000
Van Ness ave.
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other' pianos and pipe organs.
$100— ELEGANT Stelnway piano In first-class
condition.- 1109 Van Ness ave.
3 READING pianos— Stelnway, Chlckering.
Weber; other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission!'
BARGAIN, great "sacrifice; 2 uprishta nparlv
-new. .JOS. SCHMITZ ft CO..^0 MeAnSter!
tMTILLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac£
MATTRK3SK.H .,AKII FII.MtW".. ' '
r> S* lr °T pillows; window
- shades. J.F.Hotter.7t2 Mission: tel. Main T.°q
¦"_• ' ' '" "_.'>./-¦¦¦' <»»,;•' ~™ ' ' ~~~ %
o &, k3 H:^^
y~j ¦'•¦ ¦¦¦ - - oi^ LAADS. "
"^•>8 a 28 Ch hi^Tw n £T 3 land. sec.
.. " • * heart °' Bakersfleld district- nn«
well on property; oil guaranteed under \^
' An^eleat W ' MTERS * b«iwtn R ; % Lo.•Petitions : in • insolvency * were flierl : yes
terday 'in the -United ."States^ district
gourt.as: follows: John VW.' Cope,, mer
chant it Stent.-.Tuolunine' County, liabili
ties $872 87, assets $153 15; H.--B. • Payton,
carpenter,- Dunsmulr, Siskiyou . County,
liabilities $4318 52, no .assets; . F. .' L.. Mor
rill, farmer, Suisun Valley, Solano-Coun
ty, liabilities $4722 39, no assets. • ' ¦ . ;
Petitions ii Insolvency.'
: -Zoe Herndon, who plaima to.^have ; been
knocked down and severely -injured by a
horse owned by Grace &- Co., filed : a suit
for $50,000 against the corporation yester
day.:'- ¦'f:: i :"^::.--,-;i' r -:v-;- ; '-'•¦¦¦ \:~:.\
Patrick Kelly, ia" laborer,;; Is sulriff Maii
grum & Otter for ?2<550 damagea.- for In
juries received February 5, while, wulkingr
in-fr9ht bf -the store tept.bv the.'jftfend
ants on Market street,' betweenjtFourth
and -Fifth-. He charges, that ai*r'einplore
of the firm " caused j the drop doori of a
street elevator to open without. warning
just as he was passing -over, them,.- throw-
Ing him to the ground and ' fracturing a
rib.-.:.; i.-.r:'.: ;¦:•¦.-; .;--.:;.-¦ ; ;^>.-.v-;;- ,,,
Damage Suits Filed.
*- Rebecca r Montgomery (widow); to; Richard J.'
Montgomery, lot on,:N '.line of -Forty-third
street, ! .90 * E > of.. Linden,; E J.00 : by ¦ N ; . 100, ;lpts
23 , and- 30,t block 2097, ¦ map • of .'Alden Tract at
Temescal.j Oakland;: $10. -.. — *;?.:. - - ¦¦ -, , , ,-¦,
¦ L. Oh.' *: and r Mary .; I. "¦' Burpee . • (wl f e) : to ; Otto
C: and Mary. Lr-Gerhardy. 1 lot on E line of Tele
graph avenue, (as prior.- to. widening), 225:8-N.
of ¦ Durant: street,'. N. ,7,VE '149:3,— S' 6.76, . W
147 : 5,- • block B, .' map ? of ; Fountain -place, ¦ Oak-'
land;; $10. : ' ;%-*. .... ,,.;,..
.' Mountain , View ' Association . to Mrs. '
—-James and-Louisa E.;Finlayson to ; Annie-A.
Fransen."- lots h 30 - to ¦ 40. - Map - Peralta - Avenue
Tract; rBrooklynf-Tovtif'hlp;- $10.'- -•-¦•; ,--¦•. :' -,
' -Katie L."Fitz: and; G.i L.-Fitz (and is at
torney) - to - F. J." .Woodward, lots 30 ' and " 31,
Ghirardelli *¦ Tract, V quitclaim 1 < deed, Brooklyn
Township;' $5. ¦ r :*-'-'- ¦ '-\ .''-'¦.:'¦ -.* '-'.- ' '•- : : "' :v.-r v .:
>: Sarah and Edwin B.- Hay s - to Patience Walt
(wl«ow).'rlot. 20. -block 8. Map • North. Alameda
Tract « (formerly, Glascock .and. Valdez ;Tract),~
Brooklyn $10. ..^^ -- .-."• .;;;.¦ .'.«. :.- ...
¦ George ..Wiliam.-.- Reuben and Caroline"-Bar
bara Haas and • Maud Haas Warwick tq George
Hita's" Realty .Company, (a corporation),- all' In
terest in lot on. N line of Forest ¦ av«rtuej 360 E
Of Center ' street. E . 61 :6 by . ¦ Ji: 102 :5, ¦ lot ! 9.
nlock . C.^Map., Property. Berkeley,; Homestead,
Berkeley; also property outside of county; also
personal property; 1 valuable .¦ consideration. : -
:. -. Henry C. Manning (single) .' to F. . J. Wood
ward.vlct*. oni.W--' corner of Mitchell and' Hep
burn streets.' NW2C0 by SW 150, lots 30. and
3i;^Mapr.Ghlrardelll .' Tract r.'near -^Fruitvale,
Brooklyn !• Township ; • $10. '.¦;¦ .* .•,¦-'¦ ¦'¦'• v i^ * «¦• -> ~-
Thomas- and," Mrs. Alice : Cleary to .Oscar
Koski, : lot 1 : and ¦¦ adjoining-. W,. 7-6'. of lot > 2,
block 35,: Tract :B," Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association.' subject: to mortgago
for ' $1100, Berkeley ; s $1550. • ¦¦¦ -: '¦ .-."¦•'•
Annie E. Gage (widow) to Lena Hayj'Iot en
SW- corner of Hearst avenue and 'Henry" street,
W 45 by S 130.69, lot 1. . block 2, " survey rNo.
1940 ¦ for J.'", L. ' Clapp subdivision portion '_ plat
79. Kellersberger's Map,; Berkeley; $10. s
¦ L. ¦ W; Foreting,' J. C. • and Mary'.'E. . Me-
Mullen* (wife) to Dennis A. Godfrey, lot .on
SE , line iof ; Valde^ Btreet. ; 400 SW.oT Railroad
avenue, BW 25," SE114.92; E ; 3S.23, NtV 14XS5;
lot- 22, block : A,' map'- blo'plra 'A*' and hB,' por
tion of Kennedy Tract S '¦ of Raflrdad -. avenue;
East-Oakland; $10. -¦.^ 1 ' 1 ' ..: - '• "¦-, ? ¦::¦'- -•'
v Carlos' R. and Adelia- F. Carrick. td same,
lots ¦" 80 and 81, f Map .Property .Villa •' Home
stead Association.'- Berkeley;* $10. '-.-¦ '
Maggie Kelly (single) and Wjlliam H. Bue
ter (single)to Alfred Wood, lot 18, subdivision,
lots' 2, 3 4 and 42, Map No. 2, * Glen Echo
Tract, Oakland; $10. > ¦• "
Al' and-Elvena A. -Wood^(wife) to "YVV, V.
Witcher lot 16, r same map, Oakland; '$10;-
'James Butler (single) to same, lot on E line
of 'Adeline street. 150 S of Fortieth. > S . 40,
E 107:1. N 27 to. N .line ofTKimball Tract,
Ell:5, N 3, W.100,- Town of Emeryville,'.Oak
land Township; $10.
.Ernest A. Heron (by Myron T. Hdlcomb, at
torney) > and ' Elizabeth D. v Horon ; . to . .C. S.
Ho-Jghton and ¦ H. ¦ F. Gordon (trustees J. F.
Houghton', . lot on NE line , of Moss avenue.
100 SE • of- Falrmount .avenue, SE 10:0, Kfi
in ¦ direct line ¦ to point on S - line of lot.^O.
which said point is ; 107.18 SE from SE line
of Fail mount avenue, NW 15.48/ SW : 109.37,
portion "block "F, • Map -No. 2,. same, Oakland;
$10.- > "• i /••; • - - - — ¦ v " ¦' .'%;¦>.'¦¦ ¦"¦'¦
:¦'. Bridget .and Andrew.. Wills to.George Ster
ling, lot on S line of -Fortieth .street,. 202.25
E" of Adeline, -SE' -73.36 ; . to- a point; on. ¦ S
line of -lot«20, H. ' C. Dohr's Homestead. -2S0.6U
NE from E Adeline street,. NE 100,: NW 20.93
to' a f point- on' S, line. of. Fortieth, street and
distant 302.25 • E ' from Adeline, W 1 100. • por
tion lot 20, "Map H. C'-Dohr'a Homestead,-Oak
land; $10. •/ -.;•'¦'¦.:.•.:¦• ¦--;....;¦
Peter M. Bochford (widower) to George and
E,,J. Blddall, lot on NE corner of Maple street
and Miles avenue, N 95.80. NE 30. , S 110. W
40 block -B map" Humboldt- Park.: Oakland;
$10. ¦;• .'¦ • i - •" .-.- > - .-.;¦-¦:.-.' .
Daniel ;E.;- and Annie T, ¦ Newell to Charles
W. Whittesley (single), lot 1. block B. .'map
Linda Vista Terrace,- Oakland; $10. w ,. ¦
Joseph M.,, Jessie T. and "W. O'B.Macdon
ough. John and Agnes M. Agar (Macdonough)
(and as trustees under will of Joseph.Macdon
ough deceased) to Sarah A. Whldden (widow),
lot on NE corner of Thrrtteth and West streets.
N 40 by E 115, lot 23, block 2034, Oakland;' $10.
Same to Thomasine H. Rich (wife ot James
P.r-lot.on N line of Thirtieth street. 265 W
of Grove, AV 50 by JN 140. lot 29, official map,
Oakland; $10. ' - ' . '
Jacques Buchi to Wllllam^Buchl, lot 4 and
block <B._mn.p Klinknerville Tract, Oakland;
S Same to Sophie. Buchl. <wife). lots C, 10 arid
0 block B with all improvements on said lot
9, map Kllnknerville Tract. Oakland'; aUpper
sonaJ property;, gift. ; ' ", "' ' .; ';
: J. •¦ H and . Emma J." Middleton to . A. K.
Brune, 'lot on S line of Orchard street. 100 E
ot Telegraph avenue. E 27. S 124.08, W 26.60,
N 124.9S, portion lots 1 to 3, map Armes. Oak
land: $10. V.-.-T; " : i • : ¦•'
Arthur H. and Daniel C. Breed to 'John .P.
Beckett, lot on S line of Thirty-seventh street.
284.05 E of Market, E 40 by S 150, . W 10. feet
lot lSand E 30 feet lot 14, man, Beckett's Sec
ond Addition,' Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Alameda County;
Joseph F. Dolan to Richard J. Toomey.^lot
on E line of Florida street.y 132 S of Twenty
fourth, S 25 by E-.100i.$10. -¦' . ,
George -R. Stevenson to Wilbur J. Wilcox.
lot on' E line of Folsom street, 274:9 S of
Twenty-nfth, S 24:0 by E 112:6; also all inter
est in the estate of Mary- Stevenson; also prop
erty outside of county; #1250. . ,-
San Francisco Savings Union to Joseph Pall
lasson,' Jot on 'NE corner of Thirtieth and
Dolores streets, N 28:0 by E 100; ?10. .
Katherine A. Rivers to Thomas W. and C. C.
Rivers, lot-on W line of * Castro street, 26:1 N
of , Valley, N 25 by W 105; $10.
Mercantile TrusU Company to Alvinza Hay
ward, lot on N llni of California street. 87:6 E
of • Montgomery* -W :4 by N 87:6, quitclaim
deed; ?10. •
Charles P. and Emelia A. Plzochero to Claus
StellinR, lot on N line of Clay street, 137:0
W of Powell, W 28 by N 68:6; first party con
veying 10V» inches by 33 feet on W boundary
of above; $87. ., . 'j '.¦'¦'¦ '• '¦• ..
James Whitney to R. H. Lloyd, lot on W
line of Post street, 22 E of Mason, E -33 by
N 82* $10' ' ' v ' ¦ ' - '
'William H. Payne to Octavlne C. Booth
(widow), lot on E line of Leavenworth street,.
60 N of Pine, N 26 by E 80; gift. ¦ -^ _
Thomas W., Katherine A.. Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Bernard and Ellen
Leavey, lot on S- line of North Point street,
87:6 E of Hyde.E 25 by S 87?6; $10.
• William A.. Harriet H., Thomas, Jr. and
Estelle W. H. -Magee and W. B. and Agnes
M. Bourn to Red Men's -Hall Association (a
corporation), lot on N line of Golden Gate ave
nue 137:6-W of 'Leavenworth, W 60:6. N SO,
W 22, N 57:6, E 82:6, S 137:H; $35,000.
Mary Doolan to James Egan. undivided one-,
half interest in lot on NW line of Natoma.
street, 34 NE of Russ, NE IS by NW, io; $10.
. David Drady to Mary Drady - (wife), lot on
SW corner of Yolo and Iowa streets, S 2o by
W 100; $10.' :. •_. • •" • '¦ ¦ ¦¦" ¦
Same to same, lot on E line of Tennessee
street. 175<S of Solano, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Tennessee
street, 175 N of Butte, N 25 by E 100; $10.
i Fred ! B. and I Belle N. Southworth to Ernst,
J.. Wittenberg, let-on N line-of Lake street,.
70 E of Fifth avenue, E 25 by N 100;.$oC00
Julia C Lyon (single) to James B. and Nellie
L. Moran; lot • on <"W line of Ninth avenue. 50
N of K street, N 25 by W 100; $10. v<.
- Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Isaac. Salomon,
lot on W line of San Bruno avenue, 125 S
of Silliman street, S 50 by W 120. block 2.
University Mound; $10.
-Frederick E. and Belle M. Magee to William
A. Magee, lot on N line of Richland avenue
(Thirty-fourth street). 325 W of Mission street,
"w-50 by N 100, lots 32 and 33, block D, French
and Oilman Tract; $10. - - : . ¦
William: A: and Harriet H.' Magee to Wal
ter ilaiire*, .undivided one-half interest In th?,
following: > Lot on N'llne of Richland avenue^
300 W of Mission street,'. W 25 by N 100.? lot 31;
block D - same; also lot on Nline of Richland
avenue I (Thirty-fourth ' street); ' 325 W - of Mis
sion. W 50 by N 100, lots 32 and S3,' block 1 D,'
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to J. H. Kruse.
lot on W line: of San Bruno avenue, 75 N of
Henry (or Felton) street. N 25 by W 100. block
2. University Mound; $10. '^? : \ : .
.George A.; Dolan to Carl and Elizabeth
Schmitt, lot on-W line of Pond street, 91:6 N
of Seventeenth,. N' 25 by W 80; $10.
Hsnry.P. (jiannlni to Emillo I. Glannini, lot
'on N line of Eighteenth street, '.145 W of How
ard,-W 25 by N 100; also lot on NW -line of
Folsom street, 50 NE of Second, NE.25.by.'NW
75 ; also * lot on - NW line ' of , Folsom street,. 75
NE of Second, NE 50, NW 80, SW 45, SE 5.
SW 5. ;SE 70; srant. '¦•¦- . ¦: . . •/-.,-.
Adam Miller, to William Barrier,'" lot on W,
Una of Folsom ' street,' ¦ 215 N of Twenty-ftrst,
N 25 by W 122:G; $10. . . .. ;.
David • Drady to Mary: Drady, lot. on NW Une
of Bryant street, 128 SW. of Ninth, S\V-2S'b'y
NW So; $10. • - - ,. .-,.".
. California. Real Estate Investment Company
to Peter L. - and Ellen J. Jones, lot : on . E ¦ line
of; Guerrero street," 150 N of Fifteenth,- N' 25,
E 11^11%, 8^-25:2%* . W 107 :5% ; $4500. .V.
Kornelia-Bertelsen to I..R. and Florence S.
Rosekrans, lot on W line of Scott street, 132:6
S of Waller, S 25 by ,WlfC:3; HOi'.y
Henrietta and C. J. Fiahel and A. and Mary
Gartenberg to Bessie Harris (wife of I.), un
divided two-fifths of loton E line of/Ftllmore
Btreet,77:4% S of qay.;S 25 by E 90:6; gift.
'Max Gartenberg to' same, all same; $10. -
Bessie r (or ; Betsy) 'Harris (wife of I.) to
Gievannl Traversaro/ all same; $10. " :
SATURDAY, APRIL. 5.
REAL ESTATE j TRANSACTIONS.
Mary Jane Taylor (owner) with John Burch
ell (contractor), architect O'Brien — All
work^except. mantels, . gas. . fixture* and shades,
for a three-story frame building (three fiats), on
W line of Baker street, 112:0 S of Golden Gate
avenue. S 25 by W 121.:10&;.$7400. - --
Carmel Fallon. (owner) with " .E."-T. . Letter
(contractor), archttect Edgar -A.* Mathews— All
work for a three-story frame building, (three
flats),. on S line of Waller street, 125 E of La
guna, S 100 by E 30; $11,157.
Andrew Hunker '(owner) with F. WV Kern
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blalsdell— All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, sewering,
painting, finishing and tinting, mantels, grates
and tiling, gas and electric fixtures, trimming
hardware and shades I for a three-story base
ment and attic frame building (four flats), 'on
SE corner of Van Ness and Pacific avenues, E
100 by S 27:8Vt. W. A. 50; $14^55. ...
• James Shea (owner) with John Flaherty
(contractor), architect Theo W. . Lenzen— All
work -except plumbing, gas -fitting, painting
and electrical .work for a three-story- frame
building with concrete foundation (fiats) on lot
on NE corner. of Golden Gate avenue and Odld
eff place, E 25 by 1Q0: $9865. ¦ -¦ • - •
• Same ( owner with Frank H. Mills (contrac
tor)yarchltect game — Sewering, plumbing, and
gas fitting for same, on same; $1038.
. E. J. . Hasklns (owner) with Pacific Horn*
Building Company (contractors), architect. E.
Boes— All work for" a four-room and • bath cot
tage on W line of Eleventh avenue. .350 . N of
California street. N 25 by W 120; $1500.
Builders' Contracts.
: Simon and Rosa FIscheltoC Fred Renz, lot
on N line of University 'avenue, 2S0 E • ot
Louisa street. E '60: by N 114. 68; lots 21 and
22. Map College Tract, Berkeley; $10.
a Lillie G. and W. C. Moran to F. M. Cuyler,
lot on E line of Calais street. 00 S of Harmon
S <t5 by 1 E 100, being a portion of block A,
map subdivision SW portion of plat 53. Kellers
berger"s Map Peralta Rancho. subject to deed
of trust for $1300. Berkeley^ $10. . ,
__WSlliam H. and Frances < Macklnnon to R.
Wbltehead, undivided one-half Interest In lot
8. blocki 2 r .Map Plan. State, University. Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Charles T. and Annie G. Wilkinson to Crosby
P. 1 Miller, lot 4 and E lO.feet lot 3, block A,
Map No. 3. Hlllegass Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Emraett R.and Marlon D, Jones to Charles
Walter 'Jones, lot- on- NW corner of Fountain
and Van Buren streets. :W 135 by \N CO, block
160. Myers Survey, . Alameda ; $10. . i
C. A. and Annie M. , Buckley to Jane arid
Clara M: Johnston (both single), undivided cnt
quarter Interest In SO acres, being W. half sec
tion 21 township 3 south, range" 5 east, Murray
Township; *l6. • . ¦ •
Niels Andersen ¦ to Christian P. Etlesaard.
lot on E line of Ettle street, 96 N of A, N
29. by. E 133, lot '2, subdivision A, and frac
tion of lot I;' subdivisions* 'J.- I. h; O and F,
block.794. Watts Tract;- Oakland ;-$10:
Jerome Deasy (widower) to John Kelly, lot
3, block B. Map Peralta Heights, East Oak
land;$10. ; - '.'-. •.¦':. •;¦*¦ V ¦-.-- ¦ . -
Montgomery Howe et al. (by J. J.-McDonald,
commissioner) * to B.\ A. Becker, and George
Tourny, lot " on NW corner : of Fourteenth. und
Franklin ". streets, W. 75/ by. N . lOPy Oakland;
$55,792. ' ~:>>. . - ".' ..-.•¦"¦ " ' • ' ¦ • ¦
- B. A. - anrf^ Maria Becker . and George and
Marie E.-Toiifny to Thomas ¦ E,' Hanson^ same,
Oakland; $10.' . •-.->. _
; German Savings and Loan. Society, to same,
same, quitclaim deed... Oakland;.' $10,' . _ ' _ :
Morris M. and Starr M. Bruce and Bertha IJ.
Thorndlke to Mary S. Beaton. (wife of George
M.), lot on N line. of .Merrimac street, u(J2,B
of Telegraph road (or avenue, as same , exists
since widening to 100. feet). SE 120, NE 110,
SE 63.CNE 35, NW 183^ SW 145 to beginning^
Oakland; $10. , »- - •
Grocie Borel and Antolne Borel (and as attor
ney) to HT I B. Belflen, lot- on S . Une of Kail
road avenue. 125 E of Campbell street.- Bl«0:7,
E 90 to W line of Peralta street. NE to -Rail
road avenue, "W .120.34, lots 10 to .13, block
4W, Map Gibbons l property at Oakland Point,
Oakland; $10.: ''.:,.•."¦ , • .' :
Jane L. r Stanford •' <wldow) and- the' Board of
Trustees of the'- Leland Stanford- Jr." Uni
versity (by 7ane ' L. Stanford, attorney) to
Joseph' B: -Laugrhlln, W. half of 'section 13,
township 2 S, R 2 E. Murray Township ;'$t0.- .
. Harry. 11.' and .Annie j.' Campe -and Caroline
Bauer to- Alexander -Mufdock." lot on •g'-llne of
Harmon street, 400 E of Calais, S 135," E 66:11,
N1S5:4%. \V -77:3.- lot lS.'block A. map sub-.
division S portion of Harmon. Tract, Berkeley;
$10. : •. ' ' - ¦•¦:.-".>¦•¦"¦'--;¦ ~- : ':•¦<¦} :-:.7*-.-.. ;
' Seipio G» • Ratto -jingle) <to Mary MaiUneili
(wife of ; Ad61fo>;'lot'cri. Eiline ot Wast street,
54:1.6 N^of Delaware; E'135s9,N 5*,1\V*132.U,
S 54.1; . block ¦ B, . map ot . Janes .Tract, Berke
ley;. $5.-... .:.'.:; , ¦ - . ....... _ ,-.-/... .
t Mary and f Ad6lfo Martinelli to' First* National
Bank of Oakland, same; $10. >„ ~
Rebecca M.< White,- let in- said -cemwery^-Oak
land Township; $41. r - - —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALK, SUNDAY, /APRIL 6, 1902.
39
OFFICES AJTD STORES TO LET.
LARGE bright and airy store with large base-
ment, close to new Crocker Hotel; fine loca-
'« tior. in a business district; 3 tjlocks from
"JT Market et. 6PECK &. CO., C67 Market st.
KMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Lipht, cheerful offices, $15@$25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
TO rent — Reasonable, part of large office; Phe-
lan building. Address bos 47S6. Call office.
LARGE store ana 2 living rooms. 225'£ 8th.
et.. bet. Howard and Folscm.
LARGE store with basement. Just below Kear-
ny, to lease; also office rms. C36 Clay, na. L
I'-VIIV'TEUS JLXD UUCOKATOUS.
Rooms papered 53 up; painting & tinting done.
Ilr.rtman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
PAPERING room, walls. $3: p&lntlng, $1:
whitening, 75c. Samuelson, 315 Golden Gate.
FIRST-CLASS work: low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMA1XE, P*0 G. G. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
1'ALMISTKY.
MRS. E. PEARCE. scientific business palmist,
parlors 9 an* 10, The Vendome. 1J04 Market
ft.; hours 10 a. tn. to 9 p. m. ; horoscopes cast
by mail, *1; palmistry taught.
JIME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post;tel.Black 561.
' PE^RSOXALS. ~
WHAT the people say of DR. MOORE'S Hair
GOOD TEMPLARS' ORPHAN HOME, Val-
lejo. Cal., March 4. 1902.
Dr. G. S. Moore. 332 O'Farrell St., San
Francisco— Dear Doctor: Please send three
.^bottles of your hair restorer. I have used
" i\vo bottles and I find It the best remedy I
I have ever used, and I think I have tried al-
most everything I have heard of and never
found anything that would stop it from fall-
ing. Your remedy stopped it from falling
and I am astonished to see how thick the
. new hair is all over my head with the two
bottles. I do not think I will need more than
the present order, ' but I shall try and keep
come on hand to clean my scalp with. My
bead never felt to well as now. Yours truly,
GEORGE BUNKER.
Try Dr. Moore's Walnut Stain for gray
and faded hair. Send for circular. Prepara-
• tions sent to all parts of the world.
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, 'cure dandruff stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
ody is fiiperior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It is clean and healthful. Is not gummy
or sticky: no grease, no stain; never falls.
Bold by druggists, hairdressers or our office,
SS5 Geary Et.. The Star Remedy Co.
$¦10 IN GOLD saved !f you buy your SPRING
SUIT of MASTEN the TAILOR. Any SUIT
or OVERCOAT in the house $20, no more or
no less; all work made under our personal
fcupervision; finest of Imported goods to
make selections from. MASTEN, 701 Geary
«.. corner Leavenworth. • .
GENTLEMAN of excellent family and a. thor-
ough businesE training desires to meet re-
fined and attractive widow who Wants to
irake money; $900 required; object, matri-
mony. Box 4768. Call office. ¦ ', ¦-:¦.;.; |
MINIATURE Portrait Co., 374 Sutter «t., S.
F.; photo buttons and jewelry for photog-
raphers .our epeclalty; prices reduced; valua-
ble premiums each month to every customer;
Illustrated catalogue free.
Vi'KY do ladies retain wrinkles when we will
remove them at moderate cost? We Bave
Mme. Latour's latest method and guarantee
our work. Treatment at their homes if de-
sired. Box 4715,. Call office.
•JiS elegant Use of remnanta for cults to order,
IIS; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pact* free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, (1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
ct.. between Seventh and Eighth.
PT.EE Facis.1 Massage during April,' using cele-
brated Los Anpcles preparations of
FANNY BRIGGS CARR
Will remove moth patches, wrinkles, cure
the worst pimpled face. 123 . Butter- st. .
WHY guess? You can be certain ot style and
fit by uclng Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.6th.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chen>lle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or . chain. a.t lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
iJc to {I W per eight; U I>0 to IS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head?. I guarantee a cure .or no
pay. The- Bohemian Specialist, 131 Post st.
ALL diseases of the scalp cured, such as dand-
ruff, eczema end falling hair; hair grown;
gray restored. MRS. - E.— R. DUNLAP, 34
Kc-nmy st. • ¦
A-TTHAI do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makec colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came es white thtrts; selection 300 patterns.
A FIRST-CLASS shampoo for 50c; hair dried
in 10 minutes ; hair dressing, 25c. G. LED-
EREH, 123 Stockton et.
AFTER date (April 7) I will not be responsible
for my wife's fGEORGINA LARSEN) <lebu.
ANSEL LARSEN. ,
GENTLEMAN wishes acquaintance of nice
Jewish young lady matrimonially Inclined.
Bex 4720, Call office. ¦--'.- :;-. - : •
Electrolytic removal of moles &nd superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free ¦ treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.PuflIey.1702 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
SIDNEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
*t W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
CT double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. US10-1212 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
A ccbool to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Nets. MISS A-V. DOYLE.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., merchant tailors 115
Kearay et.
feUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
, electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter »l
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.E.Moore.S32O'FarreU; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
Is. moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
E>R ,"r T J? IE:LEl G « rir - an specialist, removed from
110 G«air to 101 Edgy st.. corner Mason.'
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years experience. J. B. Ray. 457 Minna st.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. X719 Buchanan; teL West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal cortamer. 23 O'Farrell: country, orderi.
Electric & electrlc-llght baths, massage hot air
treatment for rhemnatlsm.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric neeflle.Dr.fcMra.TTaverse.1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
Masquerade costume*, play books, wigt-
conntry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mktl
TAILOR-MADE cults, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont!
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists. ¦ ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pagM. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
PHYSICIAN'S AKD SURGEONS.
AN established paving medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
ry&r; name, lease, -good will, furniture, fix-
atures, etc., all go; opportunity given for In-
' .veetigation to those who mean business; sat-
lstactory reasons for gelling. Box 4511, Call.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
r-c operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden fc Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRL'VER, lady physician and
turget.n. at *S4 Valencia et.; hours 10 to 8.
El*. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
CALIFORNIA, C37— Nice sunny front rooms all
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.'
BELL, The. 1773 Market — Parlor suite, with
kitchen: eas range; ?2u; other rooms.
EDDY, 445— Rear 4 furnished -sunny .rooms;
large sunny yard; rest $17. •
EDDY, 222 — Parlor floor; eunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; bath, phone; also other rms.
TIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; '2 or 3,
from $10; 2. f20; also" single. $4 to $7.
FOLSOM. 620— First floor; large fur. and un-
lur.; large grounds for ,fam. with children.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 622— Sunny bay^wln^
dow suite; 2" rooms; eas range, bath, -etc." ' ;
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404 — Xlcely furnished
floor housekeeping; reasonable, ...
HYDE. 40S— Sunny parler,- : witji Kitchen; gas
_/»Aove. running water, $18: also single rm.. $5.
JVcKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished large
housekeeping rooms; $7; $8.' •',
JACKSON, ir.1.1 — Two very eunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; No. 14 complete.-
m iaKMHFiffiiirtl^ifiF » .whin ¦ L«AfAfi, »^^n j^BMt '
THEOSOPHICAL LITERATURj^Jj
UNIVERSAL' Brotherhood Path (mohtniy)r; The
New .Century (weekly); write ; for .¦ samply
.copies and boolc list to . The Theosophical
' Publishing . Company, 'International ; 'Head-
quarters of Universal Brotherhood and Theo-
Eophlcal Society. Point Loma. ¦ Cal. " -
TYPEWRITERS AKO SUPPLIES.'
GREAT BAROAU^s'lfN^TY^E^WRTTERS^We
' 9 sell better machines for less money than; any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
. Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 206.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
; typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS, ';
OKFICE of the Sierra Railway. Company "of
California. 229 Crocker bldg.. San Francisco,
- Cal.. April 1.-1902 — Coupon No. 10, due April
12.. 1902, from first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
01 the Sierra Hallway Company of Califor-
nia, will be paid at the fiscal agency of this
company, the . Crocker- Woolw6rth ¦ National
Bank of . San-; Francisco." Cal.. on -and after
Mhat date. S. D. ¦ FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
DIVipEXp KOTICES. ;.. j [\i
DIVIDEND Notipe— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. No. 40,;of seventy-\
five cents" (75c) iper share on the issued capl--
¦ taf 'stock I of the . company has been | declared
payable at the "office of the company,; rooms
202-204-2CC Hayward building, San Fran-
cisco, on April 10. 1902. . Transfer. books close
! April 3. 1902. at noon. J. . R. LEAVELL,
Secretan'.' . ' '. - y y\
' MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
The fcllowlnc marriage licenses were Issued,
yesterday: . • • • '.' • , ¦ _
! Joseph Sterner* 21, . 2806 California street,
and Rose •'¦ Imhoff, ,22, 775 Mission street. I :. ¦
Fred G. Gelattc 21, tiOO Fulton -street,, and
Edith M. McCoy, 23, city.- .- ; 'V ; ¦?
Ellas Blum,- 29," Merced, and Ada N.- Man-
helm, 25, 13U Ellis street. . ; - l
Robert E. Gibson, 22, 660 Minnesota street,'
and Mary E. Carroll. 13. .125 South Park. >
Florent Hoffcr, 31, 1514 Central avenue, and
Clara L. Dunnlcliff. 19. Nevada City. ;
Conrad Young, 20, 9 Roscoe street, and Mary
T. Dennis, 17, 952 Harrison street. ' . -•
Stephen J. Ratto, 25, 3313 Eighteenth street,
and Emma Haskell, 23,. 228 'Lexington 'avenue.
Ernst Holmberg, 23/ 454, Main street, and
Anna E. Gustafson, 20, 454 Main street. ¦
Heinrich NIcolai, 33, 3 Chatham place, and
Katie Hauser, 20, C35B Minna street. •¦
' 'John Norberg, 25, 5. Verona place, and Mar-
garet Halter,' 26, 760 Oak street.
Trlpo Zlffra, 28, 672 Greenwich street, and
Josie Sugliack, 18, 17 Jasper place.
Antone Krug, 29, '¦' 128 Capp street, and Rosle
Schaber, 20, 128 Capp street.
Max Gordon, 37, city, and Elsie Wirth, 27,
city. r. - ', • . -; - • •
Claude S. Sharon,. J21. Virginia City, Nev..
and Ivy G. Evans, .21; Empire, Nev.
Roderick C. McNeil, 21. 086 San Jose avenue,
and Elsie L. Volgt. 20. 122 Valley street.
Herbert S. C. Smith. 21, 1102 Taylor ..street,
and Catharine F. , Mullath, 19. 877 Greenwich.
Luke J. Uzouch, 21. 1229 Greenwich street,
and Clarice Seeley. 20, 312 Chapultepeo street.
Joseph A.McVay, 31, Brooklyn, '-N..Y., and
Mary R. Regan; 31, Santa Cruz. ¦
Harry' T. Shirley. 32. 3*06% Mission street.
and Amanda H. Peters. 19. 419 Dolores, street.
. BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage, and "death notices .sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
_: bobn. .
ALLEN— In this "city. April 8, • 1902, to the
wife of'W. O. Allen, a daughter.
BERWIN— In this -city. April 4, 1902,, to the
wife of Robert. Berwin, a daughter.
BOWEN— In this city, March 27. 1902, to the
, wife of .William U. Bowen. a son.
CALDWELL-^-In\thls city, April 3. 1902, to
¦the wife of John Caldwell. a son. , .
GREVES— In ' this city, April 1. 1902, to the
. wife of James -. Greves, a son. .:¦
HOFFMAN— In this city, March 30, 1902, to
; the wife of L. A. O. Hoffman, a son. •
JOHNSON— In this city, March 30, 1902. to
¦ the wife of A. B. Johnson, a daughter.
McCURDY— In this city, March 22, 1902, to
the wife of H. S. McCurdy, a son. .: .
RUST — In" Berkeley," March 28, 1002, to' the
wife of Joseph Rust, a son. . :
SMITH— In this city. March. 26, 1902, ¦' to . the
wife of H. J. Smith, a daughter. . .
THORS— In. this city. March 22. 1902, to' the
' wife of Louis Thors, a daughter. . - ¦ . ¦¦
WALLIN— April 5, 1902, to the wife of Frank
A. Wallln of Alameda, a daughter. •
¦TWA-R.-B.-np.fr ; ':" •¦¦
GEIB— WILLIAMS — In this city, April 5, 1902,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson," David
. Harry Gelb and Annie Williams, both of Sau
Francisco. . ' . : •. - -. -, , ¦
GIR'lRD— BENJAMIN — In Martinez,' Cal..
L. Girard .and Maybelle E. Benja-
"*rin, both of San "FrancUco. '" — ¦"-'" -" *
GF EENWOOD — FRANCKE — In this city,"
March 31, 1902, by the Rev. Paul Branke.
Hugh Greenwood and Frieda Francke, both
of San Francisco. • . .
HAMLIN— HOWARD— In this city. April 2
19D2. by the Rev. E. J. Lion. Frederick -K.
- Hamlin of Portland, Or., and Kathryn E*
Howard of San Francisco. • •¦ ¦
NORBERG— HAFFER— In this city, April o'
1902, by the Rev. Paul Branke. John Nor-
berg and Margarethe Hafter.' both of San
• Francisco.
POHLMAN— OKES— In- this city. ADrll 2
1002, by Chaplain J. H. Macomber. U. S*
Army, Charles Pohlman. of -Buffalo, N. Y
and Alice Okes of the Presidio.
RATTAGAN— ALBERT— In this city,' April 2
1902. by the Rev. Father Joseph Dreye", ?
M.. Henry Rattasan and Victorine Albert.
both of San Francisco. , i
.'.-¦.. • ¦¦ . r DIED7~~ — — — -
Becker. M».'"n Lucke. Bernard H.
Begley. Jamea McAtee. Margaret
Blackweli, McEntee. Rose
Bradford, Llewellyn Manning, Jennie
Cafferata, Dr. Albert Mansfield, Laura T.
Capurro, Glu»enpe Murray, Mary
Carey, Eliza " O'Leary. Margaret
;. Christie. Teresa F. Olsen. Nellie M.
Conness, Pearl L. Parker, Jesse W.
Cullen. Edward S. ' Peterson. Henry
Donohue. Cornelius Peterson, Olof
Drady, David ... Prahl," Macquarrte L.
Ernser, Nicholas Ruppel, Conrad
Farwell,. Joseph A. Schaefer, Martin A.
Furlong, Thomas " Shaughnessey. John
Gallagher. Mrs. T.' Spires, Bryan B. [
Hughes, Ellen R. Stewart, Florence M
Kearns. Bernard . Stuart. Cast. James
- Kingsbury. Mary White. Margaret
. Lastborn.-Otto F. _
BECKER— In this city. April 4, 1902, Martin
Becker, a. native of Germany, aged 58 yeara
and 10 days. . . ...
. £7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
j April. 6. at 10 o'clock., from Charles J. • B.
"L Metzler",8 undertaking parlora, 636 Washing-
ton ¦ street, thence to Third j and Townsend
streets to 11:30 o'clock train. Cremation Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. ¦
BEGLEY— In thjs city. April 5, 1002, James
belcved-son of John A. and Sarah A. Begley
and brother "Of r John, Nellie, Edward and
Claire Begley. a- native : of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 6 months and 9 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock. :\ from the parents'
residence, 3C2C Clementina street, near Fifth
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLACKWELL — In Oakland. Aurll 5, 1902 at
943 Willow street. Margaret M..' wife of Rob-
-erf Blackweli, a native of Canada, aged 40
years arid 6 months. - ' ., ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ -¦¦¦¦¦
BRADFORD — In ¦ this city, April 3, 1902
: Llewellyn A. Bradford, dearly beloved hus-
band'of Matilda, and devoted father of Ethel
S. and Mabel M. Bradford.' a native of
Friendship, Me., aged 54 years 8 months and
20 days.. . :".-. :.\ -¦- ¦
C7"Ftiends and acquaintances and men»-
bersbf Golden Gate Council No. • 551; ¦ N. ' U
'are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
.to-day ¦ (Sunday), Rt ' 2:30 o'clock, from his
late • residence. 1219 Geary street, between
Franklin and Goush.- 'Interment Laurel Hill
"Cemetery:- - - •¦¦' — ¦• .--¦¦•¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦.. . ,r,;..- ,.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher V
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
.-; 20 Fifth «t., opposite Lincoln School
' : . Telephone South 80. - r ' :
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
¦ %(':¦:¦ •; '. NEAREST • THE ¦ QITY. V . ' :
¦ Officej 916 Market Street.
'. '. ,:.'•..' -.;^.., Telephone r Bush .- 367. ; • r , ', • - .
; JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly > with - McGinn " Bros,, has opened '
-, new Funeral . Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
•Taylor .and: Jones. Telephone South .076.'
t UNITED UraERTAlkSlsll
•I ,--i 27 >r,d 3.0 Fifth St. Tel. South w? 3
I niNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND EMBALMERS. J
I f nne«t ;-. Equipment nt '. Mtdtrott RatgfcT 1
NEW'FIRWl OF UNDERTAKERS.
.Samuel McFadden.'.lS years manager for
i the ; United Undertakers'^ssoclatlon; M. 3:
; McBrearty/ with -the same company- for 18
yeanu. P. F. -Green,' late with' J.C.- O'Con-
1 nor I & Co.,' hav» ! opened -new Funeral- Par-'
¦ lorn ' at ...1171 ' Mission ' st., between ¦ Seventh
.and .Eighth.'^: Telephone South; 44. , -xc;
REMOVED' /
McGINN: BROS..
FUNERAL : DIRECTORS . and EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and 226 McAllister st. (For-
merlyof 31'Edd" »t ' Tel.' South' 252.) - '¦ -
ROOMS FOR HOPSEKEEPiyG— -Con.
JUNIPER, 2, off Folsom— Two"* "unfurnished
housekeeping rooms and. bath: sun, all day;
rent $7.' . . ¦¦ .; - '• ":.. . ; ".¦-,:¦;¦¦ ' .'. ..'-;•
LARKIN, 716^— Two sunny, ¦'• furnished house-
keeping rooms; single room. - ../
LARKIN, 804^ — Nice sunny back room; suitable
for 1 or 2 persons; light hskpg.. If desired; $7.
LINDEN. 324 — Nice furnished sunny room, .use
of kitchen, for respectable man and wife.
MCALLISTER, 536 — Nicely furnished suite;
Eink, gas range, bath, phone, laundry: $10-$7.
MCALLISTER, 690 — Clean, . sunny complete i
suite of 2 or more rooms; ga.s; bath; reason-
able. ' ' V "* _ "¦
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished front hou3»ketp-
lng and single, rooms'; . 75c and $1 per. v;eek.
MISSION, 951^-Two or three sunny rooms coin-
iJete for housekeeping. . j- - :.¦¦¦ ¦:• j
OAX. Ill — 2 or 3 nicely' furnished sunny front ;
rms. ¦ for ' housekpg. ; gas' range; reasonable. :
OAK, 117 — Newly furnished 2-room suite; run-
ning water; ffas •• range; phone; ¦ laundry;
adults; $15. '- -.."¦. > -
OCTAVIA. 155— Furnished: kitchen < or' light
housekeeping; newly -renpvatedj' -.-"-•¦•¦¦ •;•
POLK. 522 — Bay-window front ' sunny f Or-
nished rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.....
POWELL, 1005, cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms, $16;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
SHIPLEY, 259 — t, 4, 4, and " 4 housekeeping j
rooms, ?4, $6, ?S and $10; no animals ; uo
drunkards. ' . -', •
I STOCKTON. 1206— Model house; single. : dou-
ble housekeeping rooms to let; $4, $8. $10;
fre6 gas; stove; bath; sunny. -- . ' "
TURK. 332 — 2 rooms for light housekeeping or
two tentlemen. .
TWELFTH. 40-T-2 sunny front rooms, furnished.
for housekeeping. ¦¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. -
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Upturn.
¦ A — FREE list furnished ¦ room to let: with or i
without board; we save you ' walking the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
ARGXLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward ;¦ rates by week, or;
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached. -
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per. night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat" sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 727 — Sunny furnished room for gen-
Ueman; gas; bath; reasonable. .
BUSH, 1124 — Desirable, sunny, well furnished
room; water; reception hall; phone, lawn, etc. |
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms ; pnees reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
35c. $1 50 night; $1 50. $6 wk; open all night.
ELLIS, 685. cor. Larkin — Large alcove bay-
wlndow. ¦ mantel, closets; very desirable.
FRONT room for elderly gentleman; private
family; references. Box 4723. Call office.
GEARY.405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 428 (The Gage)— An v elegant suit o7 i
Eunny rooms; also single; the above house
has changed hands and been renovated.;
GENTLEMAN wants, a gentleman to : ¦ share
with him a large suite of rooms In a first-
class family . hotel. Address L. H. C. 26
Montgomery St.. room 14. v
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up. ' ' • i
HOWARD.' 1258, near" Ninth— Newly furnished
sunny room, private, for 2 gents, $8. ¦ /¦ .
MARTINET. 1101 Geary — Handsome - suites;
private baths: newly- furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667. cor.. Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, ?1 per week; transient.. \
MISSION 1 . S27— Newly, furnished rooms with
board at low rate; private family..
MISSION. 959— Elegantly furnished bay-win-
; dow rooms: also rooms for light housekeep-
ing; everything, new. ... ' -. . - -
¦MISSION, 2533 — Sunny furnished ¦ modern
rooms; private; first-class in 'every respect.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2aweek up;- 85c a day jap,,
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms'- and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PAGE. 1324 — Room, furnished or unfurnished.
In private family; cheap. ..
PAGE, 1630 — Two or three sunny rooms, with
kitchen; furnished or unfurn.; near Park. .
PERRY, "11I : — Rent. $6; fine double sunny fur-
nished room; .private family. . ' *
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per nliht, 35c to Sl-50; week. $2.
to $8; month, $8 'to $30; elevator on ground
• floor; rooms with hot and cold water^Jteths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth rt.,
near Market — Furnished; also. 3 unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 603— Nicely furnished * sunny
rooms; single, suite; also housekpg rooms."
BUTTER. 1022%. nr. Hyde— Large double par-
lors, furnished; sun all day; phone.
; 1 v T ¦ ~ ! ~~
TAYLOR. SlS-^-Two small rooms, $6 and $7. .
VendOme, 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
. renovated;, f urn, suites. .Mrs. V. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office -for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been : established at 1096
Valencia st.
H.OOMS AXD HOARD.
GUESTS wanted at "House-on-the-Hlll, Upper
Fruitvale, Dimond, Cal."; 1% hours from San
Francisco: healthful; high living; grand. pan-
oramic view; 40-acre flower, farm; • superb
climate; ideal place for rest, asthmatic and
.bronchial troubles; phone Ash 557. '
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water;- modern;
¦first-class board; reasonable; phone South 82i>.
CALIFORNIA. £07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates. ,
VAN NESS, 607— To a refined couple; large
sunny, parlor, with board. In private home.
JOHNSON. The. 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
. good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
BOARD and room In private family; terms
reasonable; references. 1318 Folsom st. ¦
ROSEDALE. ' Dimond. Upper Fruitvale — Fine
rooms and flrst-clas» board. •_ ' ¦ <;
BUTTER. 949-^-Elegant furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; newly furnished; board optional.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome : furnished sunny ¦
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS, 1000 — Sunny corner room on. lower
floor, $12; parlor suite.
VERY sunny room- elegantly furnished; very
¦ reasonable; every convenience. 316 Eddy. st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pagg*. in wrapper, fnr mailing. SI per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTEO,
WANTED — Room and board by lady In ex-
change for new bicycle.- . Box 4708. Call.
* ROO3IS 'WANTEW; • _
A GENTLEMAX, a. comparative "'stranger in
San Fraijclsco, employed in. the city, desires
a furnished room or- room and board in fine
family. Box 4717, Call office. . • - :
ROOM for elderly gentleman In private family;
not too far from Orpheum; not' over $8/ F.
L., German Hospital. \'
TWO fur. or unfur. rooms by lady employed
during day. Box 4785, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
£A y °f« country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. '415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. ¦ S5S0.
tEWISG MACHlims AKD SUPPLIES. :
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged* re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
. lowest rates; phone Howard 3264... 145 Sixth.
STOKAGE AND .WAKHHOPBEi.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and ' Moving Co
office Pott and Powell- ttg. ; tel.. Main 5713. '•':
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 810 Mls-
. slon et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. C30 Market if
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates: ~': •..'.'; .
PACIFIC Storage and" Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore lit. : phone Jackson 281. 'i
- - . . TO .., L.EASK. - . ~~
TO LEASE— Kcnllworth -Inn; romantically eiU
- u&ted in Mill Valley;' 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; 40
rooms; steam and hot ' water baths ; electric
lights; 'hu-aters' throughout; -elevators, etc •
rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE. j<J
Montgomery st. -• ' 'MgSgBEmffi^mdlW..
; RAILWAY TBAVEI^; ''-"¦_ ¦'¦.'¦ :
I in LESS : >W AN ' " ' t
3 DAYS
. From '_. : /; .. • ..:;.,;. •¦.¦:"';,¦'.¦'¦
San Francisco at lOa. m.
CHICAGO, BUNION PACIFIC .;
&; ''NORTHWESTERN LINE y
-.: Double Drawing-room Sleeping-care,
Buffet." Smoking and- Library.' Cars,
with barber. Dining-cars— meals a la
carte. Dally Tourist Car Service at 6
p. m., and personally conducted excur-
sions . every Wednesday and Friday at
8 a. m. from-San Francisco. - The best
-of- everything. ¦ ; . .• .-". ., - ¦/..
R. R.' RITCHIE ' ,''; 'J.'.
617 MARKET ST.. ¦ G«n. Agent Pacific Coitt
...Palace Hotel... . . San Francisc 0
<-¦-' •¦•¦-¦ *• - . I . " - ¦ • ¦ '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
, ¦ Via Sausalita Ferry " • ' '. . ;"
Commencing September 29. 1901: i
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILIi VALLEY
* AND SAN RAFAEL. \
WEEK I?AYS— 0:55. .8:30, •9:30. 11:00 a. «..
•1:45, 3:15,-4:15. 6:15, *C:15,.«:45 p.m. .* -
"EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sin
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9-:30 and 11:40 p. m. v . ,..,.. .
SUNDAYS— *8:CO."9:00,'»in:00, .*ll-:30 i>ni ¦
•1:15, 3:15, »4:i5, t!:30, 9:30 p.m. . *
. Trains market <•) run to San Quentln,
1TROMSAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— «5:25. 6:27, 7:45, 8:35, 10:15
a. m. *12:25. 2:15, *3:33. 4:40^5:30 p. m. ' '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays.' Wedneadays
and Saturdays at 0:4.' and 0:55 p. m.
HUNDAYS-r<J:15, •8:00; »10:00, *UAS a. m.
•1 :40, V *3 :16.^4 :45. «e:30 p. m. • ¦ ' H i j ~rT.*~?
*•" Trains ! marked (•) 'start f rom'San- Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
'WEEK- DAYS— «:45,- 0:45. 7:53. 8:55. 10-30
a m., 12:35.' 2:45. 3:50, 8:10 p;ai. -i '::¦ .,
EXTRA TRIPS tin -Mondays, .'Wednesdays
and Saturdays at T:10 and 10:35 p..'m. :¦ : •*=. •
SUNDAYS— S:05.' 10:05 a.- m. 4 12:05,: 2:15
3:U0, 5:00,'6:45 p. ro. •¦ ' :-u •". ¦w.-.c.-.i'.vr..
••/•:' ••¦;•:.-' • THROUGK TRAINS. •.'•'• -^. .-
' 6:C5 -a. 'in.' week v days— Caxadero and : tray
stations. J -: 'V. '•¦'¦¦ -¦>.-' ¦--¦¦• .•---. .-
if 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan: Mills and way
stations. : •'••• '•"• — .¦¦":•-•¦"'¦ '•-¦: r v '¦<:<;' C-'-i ¦¦¦¦¦¦:
.'-i 8 :00 a. m< Sundays-^Duncan Milla and - war
stations.- • ' " ¦¦ i. .¦-..¦.-—.- r ; .
.--.? Fairfax, ¦ Sundays-^-S:00, ' 9:00; ; 10.-00, ¦¦•11:30
air m. :¦>¦-•'• •v-kv-.*. i' ¦-¦': ¦¦•-.::*?.,- -» '•¦¦:¦
boats 'and trains will run on
Sunday time. ' . •¦-.'.. •- •^¦;. ::.-•¦-.
¦wytsgxx: : r-v 1 .:. vij'ifi.'o.
And Travel via the ?Ml
'. ;They have th'e . finest ¦ tcAirlst tar. service' from
Chicago .to and New,.york; pblnta."KT-1~.
: f.ROSSVc-CXaNE,'- P. • C.>'Pk VAgtiC Loe 1 An-
grele«;.,Calj»«-, :v.> «fl-.f.r ,:?.*:. o<--jf- -O'.'nt*'.
$*Q* S.'; CRANE;' Gl ' P. ! 'Aif St/ Louis, Mb.''*-"^ I'
FIonsF &>•
S- 7 ARTISTIC FLORAL, DESIGNS,
: Prices Reasonable. - --
107 POWELL ST.Nt^ELLiS 2^*5056
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and am due to arrive at
- ,* bAN.FJiAM'UCO 1 .'
(Mala Line,. Foot. of Market Street.) ¦
Jeavk • — ¦-.. Fftoa March SO: 1002. . • '— . acrits*
7-GOa Bcalcla, Suisun, Jilinint aua Sacin-
¦ ciento , .....'.:;.. 6.55p
7.00a. Vaeavillo, Winters, Rumsey ........ 7.55?
' 7.30*. Martinez. Saa - Ramon, Vallejo,
¦"•' : ' Napn. Callstosa. Snnta llosa ! S-?5?
- 8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
MaryiTllle, OroTille. v...... , A 755p
800*. Atlantic Espres*— Ogdea and East. 8.25a
8.00a Niles^Lathrcp. S»ck;«n. .......... 7-25?
• 600a Klles, Mendot»,.Uanford, Ylsalla,
- - Portervllle vi.i........ ,. 4 55?
* 8-30 A Shasta Exprc83 — Davis, William i
¦ yitttr Bartleet Springs), "Willows.
> Reel Blnff, P»rUaad....... - 7.E5*
8-30* .San Jose. Ur«rniore. Stockton* .
7 -:r lone*' Sacramento. Placervilie, ¦ • ¦
A M«rysTilte. Calco, Hed Bluff 425p
8.33a 0»kdale,Cii!aeae,Sonoru,Tuulumne - 4-25P
900x Vall«Jou... .........;...;......,.... 12^£f
900a Ltn Aagele* Eipress— Martinez, . .,..-'
? :. Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,Merued, . '
\?-- -Fresno and Los Angeles.*.... „. * 8:25a
9^0A.-.V»HejcvJIartlnez.and Way Stations - /.Wp
f 10.00a Hiyward, Ktlesand Way Sutiong.tl2.55P
. 10.00a. Th& ,.QKtiiad; XlBUtea — Ogden,
- - "..;. penYW, Omaha.- Chicago........; 6.25p
; ti-OOt* Sacramento Hirer Steamer*.. tti.OOP
- 3-OOp Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Kntghta Landlas, '•-
: ilarysTille. Orovlllc tO-55*
ZZOr Hay ward, Xiles and Way Stations.. 7.65*
400p Martinez, Snn IJamon.ValU-Jo.Napa, - - ¦
/ Callstoga. Santa Kosa 9.2Sa
. 4-OOp, Klles, Llvermorc, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.2SP
430P Hayward,NllM,SanJo8e.Llyennore 18.65a
4.30p -^hii Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld. S nugua for - Santo •
Barbara, Loa-AD?cle«..,.l..t "5^5 a
5-00p Port Costa, Tracy. Lathru;i. Stockton 10.2&A
6. OOP Martinez. Antlueh. s:oclitou, Jler-
ced, Fresno.. 12-25P
t5.30p Xllea Local 7.25*.
6.00p Hsyward, Xlles and San Jose 7.55a
t8.00p:V«HcJo.. 11.25a
6.00p Orientol Moll— Ogden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago , 4-Z£p
7-OOp Saa Pablo, Purt Costa, Martinez'
. and Way Stations.; 11.25a
:7.00p Vallejo.../. -:.-. 75bP
8-OSp Oregon ic California Express— Sac 1 '
• ramento, Marysvtllo. Redding.
Portland, Pu^ct Sound and tast. SEE a
t9.1Qp Hay ward and Xllea :. t11.E5A
COAST. LINE (narrow «iau 5 e). .
(Foot of Market Street.) .
8.16a Newark. Cfnterrllle. Baa Josp,
Felton, Boalder Creek, Santa
Crm and TV«y Stations '.:...'.. ' 5. EC?
t2.16r Xewarlr, CeEterrllle. San Joge, ¦
Kcw Almaden. Kelton, Boulder
Creole Santa- Crnz and Principal J
• ; Way sr«tions.......^..:........;. 10.50a
4.15p Newark. San Jose. Los Gato*...:... t8-60A
' a9.30P Hunters' Triln— San Jose and Way
Stations. J7.2Cp_
OAKLAND HARBOR FERR4T.
From SAN kKANCISCO, Foot or Market St. (S11p8)
— t7:13 »:0O 11:00 a:x. 1.C0 300 B.15r.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«;W>
t8:05 10:0ft a.m.. 12 00 200 4-00 p.m.
COAST LI NE - (Broa.1 Uanae;.
<Thlr<l '»art Townaend Streets.) - - . .'
6.10 a San Jose and Way stations 6.40*
7-00 a San Jose and Way Stations-. - 18.00a
7.00a New Almaden ..„..- _/"4.10j?
8.00a Coast. Line Limited.— San Jose,
C^;Vi1 GUroy, Sallnax, San Luis Oblspo.
,..-, ¦ Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations: 13-45P
9 00a San Jose, Tret Plane, Santa Cruz, ¦ -«-¦ ;
Paciflc Grove, Saltnan. San LuU ' '
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations ..." 4.10p
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations.. 8-JGa
11.30a San Jose, and Way Stations ;... 9.43a
t2.45p San- Matco, Redwood,- Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Snnta Clara, snn Jose.
Trf s Plaos, Santa Cruz; Salinas, -
Z>el Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove ...;..:.. .....110. 45 a
S-SOp San Joee and Way Stations 1.30?
t4.15P San Jose and PrincIpalWaySr.-ufons 5.307
4.50P Sunset Limited— Monday; April 7tb. ¦:-.
m&l 21st, for Los Angeles. El > \ -¦:
Pa»o,New Orleans and New York. *"-'i;
Last train leaves New Orleans ';).-
April Hth -10.1JU
tS.OOP San Jose. Los Gatos asd Principal :.'¦-'>
:; W»y Stations .„> 19X0*
S-30P j San Joc^j >nd PrlnclpalWay Stations i 6.3O
6.30p San JostTand Way Stations • ?.3Cp
7. 00p New Orleans Express — San Lula ••
"" Obfspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlnir, Kl P«so, JCcw
¦ Orleans andiast. ....^... .11.20a
¦11-45p Sag Jose and way Stations.... .... .7. 3Qp
•' A for Morning. ¦ -. ¦ P for Afternoon.' •¦ !
t Sunday excepted,'.' ' t Sunday only. '" :
a Satnrday only.: ¦ ' \ffuesdaj» and Fridays.
Traiti ~s^6£\\?*» V
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. '• -'-¦¦
! ¦ TTr - Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
" ' (Daily Dally Daily- , Dally
LvBuJKaa. 1-20 a 9;00 »1 S:OQ p 4:29j>
Ar. Stockton.. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a t»:ll 9
•' Freano... 2:03 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
¦ ¦—y Hanfcrd.i 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a .......
" Visalia ... 3:311 p ........ 0:0O-a ..;;...
•• Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a .......
" Kanr. aty 2;40a 7:30a
" Chicago.: ....... 2:15 p 9:00 p ....^.
' a lor mornuig:- p tor ait-srnoon. . ¦ -- . ,'-
0:00 a. m. train is the' California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Slwptng .Cars,, and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to* -BakersnelJ lor accommodation ot
local IS flrst-daas . - pass«ngers- Na second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding -train arrives at 7:03 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. ro.' Is Stockton. Merced and Fresna
local. Corresponding train arrives at 13:30
p m. daily. ' ¦¦;¦;•.- ..
8 p. a, is - the , Overland Express, ' with
through" Palace • and ¦ Tourist - Sleepers and
Ftee Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace - Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at ti:00 p. in.
7:20 a. m. "Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joanuin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. rn. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in -Ferry
Dvpot, San Francisco; 1 Hi Broadway,
Oakland. ::¦¦¦¦¦¦: "..-:¦- ,-. ...^ .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NOBT»- PAGjFiiJ
. ; RAILWAY COM PANY. £¦£
Tiburon'Ferry, Foot of. Market" St;
. - -San -Fpanciaco to San'Rafaat. "..>
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8i00.:ll:00 a. m.; 12:33.
.8:30 5:10, «;30-p. m... Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
At 1:60 and 11:30 p: 'm.' ' ¦¦ -» - ,-. r
SIJNDATS-^8:00. 9:30, U:60 a.\m.; 1:30, 3 S59.
' 6:00. 8:20 p. m. * "" • ' c " '¦¦¦'"¦¦•'¦
San Rafael t^ San Francisco.
WEEK DATS^-«:10; 7:50. 9:C0.- 11:10 «. m.J
.12:45, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m. ' ' '
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 0:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:10, 3:10.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
- . Leave . ¦ I ¦ In. Effect I ¦ Arrtr» .
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 19011 San FTanclsgo.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. I Destination I days. [¦ Days.
7:30am 8 :00am Novato. 10:40aml 8:40am
3 :30pm 0 :30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10; 25a na
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm| 6:20pm
. - * ¦.,-,-. . Fulton, ... '' ".¦
7:30am ' "Windsor. 19:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
' . .- . • - ¦ .-. . .- • Lytton. . ... ..."
...... . Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cl'overdale, 7:33pm 6:30pm
7:30am 5:00pm ' Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:33pm 8:20pca
7:30am 10 :40am 10:23am
8:00am Guerne-Tllle. 7:33pm
8:30pm 5 :00pm 8:20pni
' 7 :30am 8 :00am Sonoma, 9:13am 8:40am
r , • and-.- ¦ z . r- -.-•-••-'¦, j
5:10pm '8:00pm Glen- Ellen. 0:05pm 6:20pin
"r*30am| 8:00ami . 110 :40am [10 :23am
3:80pm| 5 :00pm{ Sebastopol. | 7;35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect. at" Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and "White Sulphut Springs; at Fuitoa
for Altrurlaf at Ijrtton for l.ytton Springs; at
GeyserviUo for.Skagga Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; 'at • Hopland " for Duncan
Springs, Highland ' Springs, Kelseyville, • Carls-
bad Sprldsa, 8od» Bay. 1 kakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs; Saratoga
Sorings. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter]
BDrlngs Upper Lake.' Pomo. Potter-. Valley.
John Day**. Rtvertide. Llerley's Bucknell's,
SanhedrlnHelgttts. Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno.Clty," Fort Bragg. Westport,- Usal.
¦WUUts -Laytonvlll«, 'Cummins." Bell's Springs.
Harris r Olsen'*.' Dyer. Scotia ¦ and Eureka. H •
Saturday .to Monday ; round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates..., -.-.- " ., .. ~ . I'- . ... '"',"" ." v .: :
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point 1
beyond San . Rafael at half rates. " ••
;Tlcket office; W0 Mark 9 1 . street. ChronlcU
building.* • '-.--i' ¦•-,>., i f,- ; . ¦-
H. C. WHITXNO. - , R. X. RTAN r ...
Gen- Manager.-. , .- Gen. Pass. Art.
WOUNT>TAA1ALPAISJ RAILWAY
"' .-Leave,. Via Sacsalito Ferry . ... Arrive.
¦San. Fran.'- -Foot of Alykgt St. , Sin Fran.
Far., i« TrMrfjro le Sirnmtt uidltatora.lt. M. '."'-',
•^©•vjjcir * car* ¦. : .-
ETFriends and I acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend • the r, funeral • -.to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from theresldence
of. her .- sister, -Mrs." .Ihomas ; Conway, 323
Twelfth, street,", between Folsom- and. Karri-
son, thence to St. Joseph's Church, for ser-
vices - at ; 1 o'clock. •- Interment Holy • Cross
Cemetery.- 1 .. . . .¦ . - '..-.. . . ¦....-
: I. : O. O. F.,' and -of St.' Andrew's "Society:'
-Remains at the mortuary, chapel of the Gold-
* " en Gate Undertaking Company until Monday,
-at 12 o'clock. -Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
• tery, ¦ by I electric I funeral j car '. from corner
. -Eighteenth . and Guerrero - streets, at ; 2:30
' 'o'clock. "-- ; ' ¦ ' . - " .'.. . ¦;¦'¦ ..- ., '.
WHITE— In this city, April 3,, 1002| Margaret
: White,*? beloved :siiter 01 Mrs;-; Thomas Con-
way, and . sister-in-law of Thomas Conway.
- a , native : of . San Francisco, aged 25 years 7
• months and (5 days. ' !•>.'¦¦
CAFFERATA— In Tuscon.' Ariz.", April . 3. 1002.
1 ' Dr. , Albert A. ¦ Cafferata, ¦ dearly beloved ¦ son
", of - the . late Antonio and "'Angelina Cafferata.
¦ and , brother ' of Mary • Cafiterata; . a ¦ native : of
:.; San Francisco, , ased 2T years. v* '/ ¦
CAPURRO— In "this city) April 5. .: 1002, i Glu-
': seppe Capurro, beloved husband of Madelana
.Capurro, ..father of 'Aldolph,.and,Attllo Ca-
purro, : brother. of G.t B.". Capurro and Andrew.
. : Capurro . of New sYork, , and . nephew of Anto-
I nlo Capurro, a native of j Italy, aged 09 years
.¦.and 2 months., V, .: : ._*.„ .:. .. :_. . ... . . ;
CARE Y-rln Berkeley," April 4, 1002, Eliza, be-
'¦•. loved wife of John Carey; ¦: and.- father of
Phlll :. M.. John ¦ M. i and. Mary W. Carey. - a
native, of County .Clare, ¦Ireland,' '• aged 52
years. (Madera and"' Merced" papers please
¦ copy.) .-.. -.,.-• .. .». ¦'.'%¦•¦:¦.¦,. '/;¦:. .:•/>-.-•
; ¦ ityFrlends .and acquaintances are' respect-
? fully invited to attend the .funeral Monday,'
April »7, < at 9 :30 .o'clock. 1 from- her ' late resl-
. • dence, -. 223!) Grant ; street, 1 ;' thence to ,' St. . Jo-
•6e"ph's Church, where 'ar- solemn rettulem ma«H
S will be 1 celebrated for' the repose of her soul,
¦ -. cortinSenclnjf : at' '10 ''.o'clock. ,r r Interment- St.
v Mary's \Cemetery, Oakland. •:- ¦.
CHRISTIE— In .this "city, April 5, -3 002, Teresa
¦ F. ¦ Christie, beloved,. mother of Robert L. and'
;. Arthur Christie, a native .- of Ireland. \ :¦¦ ;¦
CONNESS-^-In this. city, April 2, 1002, Pearl
Lulu;, belovad 'daughter of ¦': Mrs. David ' B.'
Coniies3, and sister, of Arthur M. Prince, 'a
/;inativ.e-rOf Oakland.y.Cal.i^aged" 21 years 11
, 1 months and . Hi ¦ days.- . .;.«..,,..', t '
*.'_¦-• C^Frlencls and . acauaintarices are respect-
fully. Invited to .attend the funeral services
- .to-day -. (Sunday), at .1:45 o'clock,, .from
the parlors" >of ¦ A. W.j 'Martin. & 'Co.,' iily
'•."' O'Farrell .;atieet:- Interment Drivate. ;
CULLEN— In^ Oakland; April 5,"' 1002. Edwanl
I . Stephen ¦ Cullen; beloved son . of Edward S.
and Annie F. Cullen, a native of Oakland,
' aeedG months. ',.*. V ._. . .
DONOHUP:— In this 'city, April 5, 1902, Cor-
nelius, . beloved husband of -Kate .Donohue,
and dearly beloved father of Charles H. and
Jeremiah T. ¦ Donohue. Mm. William Hsidel-
" berg and Mrs. Alfred B. Conquest of Brook-
. ¦ lyn, N.' . Y., •¦ a ¦ native ¦ of Macroom, County
Cork, . Ireland, " aged 79 years/ 1 ' ; '. -- : • ¦-.-¦¦
t>RADY^In this . city, April 5, 1902,> David,
-•beloved- husband of, Mary Drady, and loving
father of Ida. 1 Mamie and Robert Drady, a
•native of ., County • Cork,' Ireland, aged 60
years. . ¦¦.-'- ¦• ;.. ' .- ¦. - '
Cy Notice of • funeral ' hereafter.
ERNSER— In this city, April 4. 1902. Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Katherine Ernser
father of . Nicholas Jr. and Charles Ernser,
and nephew of.Mathias and John Doll,- a na-
tive cf Germany, aged. 47 years and 8 days.
. ty Friends and acquaintances are i respect-
% fully, invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, • from' the parlors ¦ of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. where services will be
held,. under the auspices of the Vereln Con-
\ cordia. * Interment . Cypress "Lawn "Cemetery.
FARWELL-^In Seattle. Anrll 4, 1902, Joseph
Abbot Farwell, a native of. San .Francisco.
FURLONG — In this i city, : April 4, 1902,
• Thomas, beloved husband of • Ellen Furlong,
a. native of. County Wexford, Ireland, aged
60 years 3 months and 13 days. ¦ '-
E^Funerai Sunday, April 6, 1902, at 1
o clock, from his late residence, 520 Alvarado
"•j'Btreet, near 'Castro,' thence to St. James
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.",* A high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hl«
soul Monday, April 7, commencing at 9:30
o clock. \ " - . .-. - ¦ ' • ¦- - ,. •
GALLAGHER — An • anniversary .' requiem high"
-v- mass will be celebrated; for the reposs of the
¦ soul of . Mrs. ' Theresa Gallagher^-in "Sacre-1
, Heart Church, Fell and' Fillmore streets, to-
morrow. (Monday), at 9 o'clock. ¦ Friends and
acquaintances are Invited to attend. •
HUGHES—^An anniversary requiem high masa
for the late Ellen R. Hughes will be -cele-
brated Monday, ' at 10 o'clock, at Sacred
Heart Church, . Fillmore "and Fell streets. '
KEARNS — In this city, April 4, 1902, Bernard
Kearns, beloved father of Mrs. ¦ John H.
Kelly, a native of County 'Armagh, Ireland,
ased 69 years. ¦ i- • .
C^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his, late resi-
dence, 1016% Bush street, .thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral,, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repese of his
Soul at 9:30 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.- Please omit ; flowers. 1 ::¦ ¦
KINGSBURY — In this city, April 4, 1902,-Mary
Kingsbury. a native of Ireland; , aged 74
¦ - yeart. .- j ¦ •;, - .- : ¦¦ , ¦ ¦ .-
LASTBORN— In""San Jose, Cal., April 4, 1902,
. Otto Frederick Lastborn, a native of Sweden,'
aged 39 years 5 mo.nths and 25 days.
CTFrlenils end acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited J to attend the 1 funeral 'to-day
(Sunday); at 1:30 o'clock,, from -W.- B.
Ward's funeral parlors in Han Jose. 'Inter-
- ment at' Oak Hill Cemetery: :
LUCKE— In' this city, April 4, ' 1902, Bernard
! '.H., beloved husband of -Marie E, Lucke, and
father of Clarice and Adele . Lucke. a native
of San Francisco. ' aged , 43' years 5 months
and 4 days. ... , .-- . -.
CTTriends and acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully invited to attend the" funeral services
Sunday. April 6, 1902. at 2 o'clock, at the
. Masonic . Temple,' ; Post ' and Montgomery
._ street*, where the services will be conducted
by. Golden Gate Comhiandery' No: 16," K." T.-
A member of Occidental Lodge ' No. 22,
F. and A. M. ; Golden Gate Commander/
No. 16; .Stanford Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. W.y
and San- Francisco Lodge No. '3;; B. P.',:b.
. ,' E. It Is particularly. requested . that no flow-'
.-ers be sent. Intermer«t.-pVlvatj6.'7t < .5r_--''-*' i^;-»
STANFORD Parlor 1 No. 76, ' N. * S. " G. •' W.-"-
.' Members are*' requested ' to assemble to-
;i day (Sunday), at 1:50 o'clock,; at the Ma-
«onlc Temule. to attend the' funeral of our
-late brother, Ben.H. Lucke.- By order -of the
parlor. ' S, O.STANYAN, President. \
FREQ H..JUN6. Secretary. •;
McATEE— In Oakland, April 5, 1902, Mar-
garet, wife of. Charles B.. McAtee,. a native
of San Francisco, aged 44 years. - - ' • , r
McENTEE— In this cityi Afcrll .4, 1902, :Rose
McEntee. a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
E3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
-'. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlora of
McAvoy . & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy 'Cross
Cemetery, by 10:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. / • , ' > .. ,
MANNING— At St. : Peter's Church.' Twerity 1 -
. fourth and Alabama streets, a requiem, high
mass will be celebrated for 'the repose of the
soul of Jennie Manning, April 8, commencing
at 9 o'clock.-', Friends and acquaintances are
"respectfully ¦ Invited. • ¦
MANSFIELD— In this city, April 4, 1902,
Laura Theresa Mansfield, beloved daughter of
Richard C. and Helen Mansfield, and loving
eister of Michael, John, Thomas and . Maud
Mansfield, Mrs. J. R. Borden and the late
R. C. Mansfield Jr., a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 5 months and 19 days. (Chi-
cago, 111., papers please^ copy.) . - . - ¦
' '¦¦ cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atteml the funeral to-day
"¦ (Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from her late- resi-
dence, 203% Polk street, -thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral for services, commencing; at- 1:45
¦ o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city. April 4. 1902, Mary
- Murray, A • native of Ireland, • aged 75 years.
O" LEAR Y— In this city," April 4. 1902, at St.
Mary's Hospital, "; Margaret O'Leary, a native
•' of -County Cork,' Ireland, aged 80 years; - l
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Por-
ter & White, 122 Eddy street. .The members
of the Catholic Ladles'' Aid Society are 'in-
vited to attend. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. , V ..--.. ¦- .'-.¦.:¦•¦.- •¦..--..-
OLSEN— In this city, April 5, 1902, Nellie '.M.,
beloved, daughter- of .Louis-and Mary.'Olsen,
and sister of May, Louis and: Lucy Olsen.'a
patlve of - San ¦ Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and.' 2'days.'-' ' - . • -^
. ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to . attend the funeral • to-day
, (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,, from the parents'
retldence, '444 Ninth, street. .Interment Holy
¦ Cress 1 Cemetery. '•¦"..¦ , ¦ • •• . .,:- .
PARKER— tn' Oakland,- ADrll 5,'- 1902; -: Jesse
• W. Parker, aged 31- years. A member of
Fountain. Lodge No.. l'JSf I...O..O. F. - •;
PETERSON— In this city, April 4. 1902, Henry
¦Peterson, a native of Norway, acsd 72 years.
PETERSON — In:this;city, Anril 1, 1902,, Olof,
beloved ". husband - of ¦• llarla Peterson, and
father ' of - Emma ' M., Anna'. C, Oscar E.,
Fred O., Ereka C. and \ (Jtarl E.v Peterson, a
I native 'of "Sweden, "aged 51 years. 10 months
and 27 ' days, . •: : ¦ • ¦ ¦¦ .- : - ¦¦ ,.-¦¦..': , . : •
» . (CTFriends'and.'acaualntances'are respect-
fully invited to -.attend the funeral to-day
- (Sunday),' at 1 :30 o'clock, from the Swedish
.Congregational Church, Jessie street, ' between
Sixth and Seventh. ' Interment Mount Olivet
'.'Cemetery. I 'Remains at the funeral- parlors
•;¦ of' Bunker A^Lunt/.^GOfi Mission street, Mls-
• slon Masonic 'Temple. • ' ¦¦ : • •' ¦• ¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦,:.•! ¦;¦
PRAHL— In this 'city, April 5,. 1002. Macquar-
-••rle-.L.. Prahl,"- beloved mother of Emil Prahl
j.-and sister of Mrs. I. Eden r a native of-.Scot^.
• - land, aged 68 -years 11 'months and. 27 days.
• ¦.• - cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited • to attend .the" funeral Monday,
.'at 3 o'clock," from the parlors of . A. W. ' Mar-
'tin-& Co.'. 319; O'Farrell street. Interment
¦Laurel Hill 'Cemetery.: : -^'jiT
RUPPEL— In this ' city, -April 5, • 1002, Conrad.
beloved husband of. Eliza Ruppel, -and father
-. of . Henry L.,' . Louie F.,", Charles O. and Fred
.-• J. ¦¦; Ruppel, 1 ; a native. '.of % - Ostheim,.. Hessen-
Darmstadt.-'; Germany, raged ' 55- years 2
' months and : 19 - days. . A ¦ member of .' Vereliv
, Eintracht. -. / . . • . .'. - ¦.'.••¦-.,
inSTFriends and acquaintances are rcspect-
, fully -Invited: to attends the funeral to-morrow
. '. (Monday),' at 1:30 o'clock, from" the -parlors
% of H. ¦ P: Suhr ¦:&'< Co., 1137 Mission, street.
". between Seventh and ; Eighth. - Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. .-; ; .--
SCHAEFER— In this city; 'April 3, , 1902,' Mar-
tin 'A.- Schaefer, ..beloved 1 son of Adam and
Fannie i Schaefer, and - brother of Eva Schae-
« fer, & native of, San. Francisco,, aged 19 days.
SHAUGHNEBSEY— In 1 this city. Aoril 5, : 1902
,'John J. Sbaushnessey, a native of -New York ;
'¦'. aged 44 years 9 : months '. and 19 days.'- ¦ .*
» - (C7"Funeral ' and' interment private. - - . ; ' '
SPIRES— In " Scotia;; Humboldt : Couhty,' Cal?"
:" * Bryan ;. B. Spires, ; a native of Austin, Nev.
STEWART— In . this city, "', April ; C," ' 1902, ; Flor-
ence May^pnly. and' beloved daughter of-Har-
; land ' and • ; Henrietta • Stewart. , and : , grand-
*. daughter of Mrs. -Henrietta Schener,; a native
"iof San Franciscb,* aged 9 years 2 months and
days:,. .... ; ,r ..-.;.-•; ;:,*,„¦:.
STUART— In , this city .".-April 3,; 1002,' Captain
/.. James s F. .' Stuart, -"beloved- ' father - of Mrs
' David Oliver, and • grandfather: of ) Charles'
A.'K.v Mary E.. and- Donald S.'M. Oliver a
native of : Glasgow,*, Scotland, aged 1 XI years
'3. months; and ,27 'days. . - ; , ; » . ; ,
- ¦•¦¦ )C7"Friends ; and : acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited J to • attend \ the funeral services
i Monday, 'April 7," 1902," at 2 o'clock; at Grace
,.'. M. E."> Church/ corner ;TTyenty-first;and . Capp
"streets. A' member of Paciflc Lodge No. 155,smoke to attract the fcnemy. Power to- generate
steam quickly. Greater boiler efficiency due
to better combustion. No ashes; no blowers.
Can take la oil much more Quickly than coaL
Railway Selling Oil.
The Pacific Oil Reporter says:
The Santa Fe Railway Company Is now sup
plying the Standard Oil Company 'with the out
put of. Its ' five wells at Fullerton. The com
pany bought tbe territory, which Is four miles
long and one and a half wide, to get oil for
Its locomotives. However. It was discovered
that the oil was too valuable for fuel. The
Standard pays $1 40 per barrel for the j>tL
For 70 cents per barrel the railway eomgSny
irets all the oil needed for Its purposes. From
the wells at Fullerton the oil Is carried through
pipes to San Pedro. From that port It Is taken
to Alameda In the steamer George. Loomls for
~«nta)t In the. refinery of the Standard Oil
Company. The oil is light, being of 34 grav
ity. It is of such a character that it can b»
turned Into the various refined product! that
are put on the market.?9BH|
fuel for naval use as follows:
For a given weight oil ha3 double the steam
ing radius, of coal. It occupies less space than
coal. The tanks- built In the vessel greatly
strengthen her. The effect of the tanks full of
oil — or water If the oil had been used — would
localize the injury of a shot through the hull
and would - render the vessel 50 per cent , less
sinkable than at present. The oil would pre
serve the hull. Interior from corrosion, thus pro
longing the life of the vessel indefinitely. -The
tanks when emptied of oil cctald-be filled with
water, thus maintaining the \°ssel at a per
manent load line; this means lt^t depthi of ar
mor on both stdea because the vessel would
never be light in going Into action." as she
would be had she consumed her coal. No water
ballast tanks necessary, ¦ meaning great econ
omy in space. Boilers can be so arranged . that
oil tanks can be carried between them and the
skin of the vessel, which would afford as good.
If not better, protection than side coal bunkers.
If such vessel la sunk she can be easily floated,
IE In shallow water, by pumping out the tanks.
Great saving in crew and crew space. No
I The oil . production of .California fell off
about 100 barrels in March;: as compared
with the preceding month. There was a
slight increase in the number of wells
completed, ;but they are largely in dis
tricts where small production is the rule,
the game is still a waiting one so far as
many, owners of oil property are con
cerned. (The tendency, to better conditions
is recognized, but -the price has not yet
reached the point to encourage wider pro
duction. In the Fullerton field there is
now ' a surplus . that has tj outgrown „' the
"storage facilities provided.' : Fullerton has
decided.to' erect more tanks..' ;
"The operations of the Standard Oil Com
pany; still hold' the center of the stage.
Some question has been raised as to
iwhether the Standard; would not. have a
large" advantage over; all competitors .in
the local San Francisco market by reason
of the difference -between railroad charges
and; the cost, of piping,- but this Is met 'by
the statement , that the .. Associated Oil
Company, which is the largest local con
cern ; in the field, = Is enabled ¦ under the
terms of Incorporation to construct a pipe
line, 1 to build steamers and to do all other
ithings' necessary to enable It. to hold its
share of the field.
* - The following , table from the • Los An
geles ! Herald ' sums ' up the operations of
the' fields of the State during six months
'ending/March 31:
March Production Palls
Below Output of
February.
OIL PRODUCERS
ARE CURTAILING
THREATENS HIS - WIFE.-Charles i Schu
bert, who formerly conducted a,ealoon at 25*>
Sixth street, was. arrested yesterday on corn
plaint of his wife, who, accuses him of having
made: threats against her llf& ¦ ¦ • .. -
Big Sale of; Harness.'
All goods marked In plain figures. Spe
cial'10 per cent discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays.,, Leibold Harness Co.- 211
Larkln street 1 * . , •
Pocahontas', Council ,: No. i 3,'; Degree; of
Pocahontas of the Improved Order, of Red
Men,;, will give'.a JI'Happy Hooligan' char
acter^ party" next Wednesdayjdvening in
Shiels building. The- committee i that ha?
arranged for this event is composed of M. ;
P. Allimar, Kelser, .'Jametti, ! Rivers, 1 Glick
and , Hobart.*" It ) Is \ expected ' that every 1
'one,, who appears will be in' costume •" ¦¦<{
Happy Hooli^n 1 Party.
The San -Francisco Society" of ' ...New
Yorkers 'will ¦ hold. '< its ; regular
session in the T> Occidental - Hotel" next
/Wednesday^ evening. ' : < There « will C-.be a
number fof short 'talks "and; the celebrated.
: controversy" ;, between"? the'S' Governor : > of
North iCarolinaand the Governor of South
Carolina .will • be renewed ; f or ''¦ the* purpose
of proving exactly; what the former J said
to the ' latter 'and what the reply of . the
latter was. V ¦ ; ,"¦ '" .' • « -*•,- •'••;. v>
Society 'of. New yorkers.
A French; trade journal/ with" justifiable
pride, points out champagne as one of the
few articles Americans t have v to ( Import^
and refers 'to "the larger increased ship
ments of Moet & ChandoriiWhlte'Seal and
Brut Imperial to the United ; States? '
American Competition."
;AThe discussion concerning, the use of oil
fuel t in v the ' navy.- continues, r The Marine
Journals published tin ; New York, sum
marizes . the advantages found In the nev
- Producers at Sunset continue to take -a lively
Interest ini th« proposed ; extension of the Sun-'
set Railroad • and ' the * Santa • Fe has given as
surance that, the extension will be built In the
near future. - As ; it is now,- the < larger , part of
.the freight destined for the Midway goes by the
way - '-t of i i McKlttiick, : that ¦ ; being the nearest
point.'- and > all " of s this business ¦ Is » lost t to \ the
Santa Fe. : , ; Naturally tha latter- company .would
like to have a share of the Midway- shipment/
and Just-, as : soon -as ithere' is -some^asaurance
that i there will ¦; be a market for the Sunset oil
it Is certain the extension willnot'be long.de-'
layed/v '-;-.-,• ¦,¦.'¦> .':?-•*• ¦¦''¦- .-.- ' ¦ : ¦¦• *::
The Bakersfleld CaWornlan isays:
Stuiset Ha¥» Anticipations.
¦» The - Fresno \. Democrat ',.,' reports . that
Chanslor | & • Canfleld delivered under long
time : contracts 220,600 . .barrels of oil in
January, and February. : " r ¦
.^According to the :,Los ;Angeles ; Times
there is a better tone in the Los Angeles
fuel oil* market. The best oil.in the field
sells t for.; 55 ' to 60 cents per :{ barrel. Job
bers'quote the average oil at 45 to 50 cents
per, barrel.? A "heavy oil sells from 40 cents
per > barrel up. . : . , ,
The members of the Builders' Associa
tion of California held" their annual ban
quet last evening at : the California Hotel.
About two hundred | mernbers were pres
ent and a most enjoyable, evening" was
spent.. |pa ; W. .Coburn, vice 'president of
the association, ; presided as toastmaster.
The_ programme of the evening follows:
AVelcome address on behalf of the Builders'
Association, G. G." Glllespie; song, ". Knicker
bocker Quartet; ."The Old and New Meth
ods at Building Contractors." S. H" Kent • "The
Progress, of the Building Business,'.' Jeremiah
Mahony;."The Benefit* of Organizing " W B
Anderson; /The Growth of San • Francisco "' m'
C.' 1 : Lynch; "The Employer; and the Employe"
Thomas Elam; "The: Carpcnter-Contractor''8
Responsibilities,'" F. H. Mafowj-solo i L A
Larsen. ¦ •. - . -••¦.',-"
Hotel • With Two • Hundred
Members - Present.
Affair. Takes Place at California
BITILDERS' ASSOCIATION.
GIVES AWUTJ AL BANQUET
s -It Js expected .. that the attendance -this
year will exceed ¦ all ; previous ; years, J an<I
arrangements" to accommodate §( the ex
pected ; throng ; of '; students '. have < already
been' made> : Reduced J fates ; have rbeen se
cured 'from/all railroad companies. ,i Appli
cations for. the * privilege ' of t attending : the
session should _ be filed ¦ with ; the ': recorder
of (the .'^University ¦ of 4 California ¦'/, before
June'6. ''.' ¦ ¦ ": ••:'•;¦• •
Besides a number of men from the per
manent faculty, among whom will be Pro
fessors-George Holmes Howison, Edward
J. Wickson,; Hugo Karl Schilling, , Carl
Copping Plehn, L«on 5.J. Richardson
(dean), Perciva^ Lewis, Kendric C. . Bab
cock and Chauncey Wetmore Wells, the
summer , faculty; will include ... Josiah
Royce, professor of the history of philos
ophy at Harvard; iHenry Morse Stephens,
who , has Just fresigned the ohalr .of mod
ern | European history • at Cornell • to be
come professor, of history \ and director of
university.; extension In the University., , of
California; B. | E. Fernow,; long in 1 charge
of the forestry. work o*f the United States
Government and. now director of the New
York , State - College , of i Forestry ; J Superin
tendent F.' Louis Soldan of St. Louis; Wil
liam A. Henry, dean bf the College of Ag
riculture of "the' University of Wisconsin;
J.jf Mark"- Baldwin of Princeton," editor of
the - new'- "Dictionary of Philosophy and
Psychology!.' • ): Robert A. ¦ Hkrper, .'profes
sor of; botany 'in the University /of Wls
consin; "> F. ; N. ,' Scott ' of ' ; Michigan - and
Charles Sears Baldwin of - Yale | for : Eng
lish composition;. Arthur^ Lachman, dean
of the" College of . Science; and Engineefing
of, the Unlversity;;"of- Oregon, for.(Chem
istry ; | and Ernest . George . Merritt 7 bf Cor
nell for physics, "and, a number of special
lecturers. ~ : ' - v^5"
Among the subjects represented in' this
year's summer session for thp first time
will be German; French, Italian, art,' for
estry, and library science. /The: Summer
School of Library Science' is planned j to
afford' to _ persons ..actually. ' engaged in
library work acquaintance with recent
advances in. library methods.
Announcement . has ¦ been made by the
faculty of the University of California of
the approaching third annual^ summer ses
sion. The session 1 will open, June 26 and
will continue untilA-ugust 6. Several ad
ditional courses have been scheduled this
year.
The performance, under the direction of
L. Du Pont Syle, has been looked forward
to with great interest and the capacious
room in which it was presented was
crowded. The young ladies who took
part in the comedy carried: themselves
with grace that is rare in amateurs—in
deed, there was not; an awkward gesture
nor a poor entrance or exit, showing that
the clever school-girl actresses had stud
ied well their parts and had practiced the
deportment necessary for a strictly easy
presentation of the play., ,.
As for Rachel E. Baker's comedy It is
sufficient to say . that , it was thoroughly
enjoyed and applauded. ¦¦¦',:¦
There" are fifteen' female characters and
not one male, yet the authoress has been
able to supply with. bright,, crisp dialogue
a most amusing and satisfying play. r ?he
followingwas the cast:
Miss Morongr, principal of Belmont Hall, Miss
Sally Patterson Kerr; Mrs. Dynecourt of San
Mateo. Miss Florence Nightingale Boyd; Ma
demoiselle - Jeanne, *¦ French teacher of Belmont
Hall,' Miss Sophie Treadwell; pupils of Belmont
Hall — Joyce Dynecourt, -Miss • Ellen • Burwell
Page: Judith Grey, Miss Vera Estelle O'Leary:
Phyllis Reynolds, Miss p. Mildred \ Wheaton;
Barbara Crelghton, Mies Margaret deW. How
ell; Suzanne Horton, Miss Pauline Keyscr; Lil
lian Gordon. 1 Miss ; Lr Evelyn Hackett; ¦ Mollie
Howard, Miss Irene Gertrude C Carroll: Anna
Dayton. MIes Rose Boskowitz; Daisy Rogers,
Miss Maude Edna Reynolds; ¦. Miriam, the gyp
py.-MUs Alice Martin; Jill, the waif, -Miss Nel
le Read ;< Nora. Mrs. Davenport's maid." Miss
Reby M. Bartley. "
Another feature of the very; enjoyable
evening was the even and ; capable play
ing of the Girls* High ] School orchestra^
undef ¦';. the direction of "Miss . Gertrude
Friedlander. .The following composed the
orchestra: ' . ' - ; . . '
Violins— Miss -Helehe" Harrold,' Miss ' Edna
Falk, Miss Lelia Cohen. , Miss Ethel Lldstone.
Miss ' Alice - Barkley, Miss Helen • Elchenberg,
Miss [ Margaret Lane, .¦¦ Miss | Leona- McCoIgan, 1
Miss Sheila Smith; cello— Miss Ada Conlin; cor
net — MIes : Louise Levy; : piano— Miss" Gertrude
Friedlander. . ' ,
The "receipts of the evening will be de
voted to the school library. 1 : \ ; 1 • ' ¦,
« The senler class of the San Francisco
Girls 1 High School appeared last evening
at the school in a three-act comedy ¦ by
Rachel E.- Baker, entitled "The Chape
ron." .
:The exhibition will be open to the pub
lic to-day. from. 10 o'clock until 5; also to
morrow • and Tuesday during the" same
hours. : y . . .
Mrs. Ralph C. Harrison. Miss 'Anne P
Briggg. Mr«. William S/ Wood, Miss • Mabel
Downing, Miss Jane R. McElroy, ' Mrs W E
Jackson, Miss Marcn Frolicb. Mrs. Alice M #
Best, Mrs. Bertha S. Lee, Miss Bremer Mrs
Newton J. Tharp, Miss Mary Very, Mrs. George
Powers, MJss F. yates. Miss Powers, Miss
Hitchcock, Mrs. Flournoy, Mrs. Charles W"
Slack. Miss Hamilton, Mies Edna Hamilton,
Mrs. Thomas Bishop, Miss Eton. Mifis Lucia
King. . . „ ; . . • ¦ ¦
The pictures of Frederick Yates, which
were on exhibition, were greatly admired
by all present. They embraced a wide
range of subjects, including' both por
traits and landscapes. Yates is well
known for his clever and thoughtful style
and is distinguished by hi3 j clean and
skillful drawing. Among his portraits
that v>*ere greatly admired were those of
Dr- George H. Powers, Miss Ruth Pow
ers^and Miss Mary Yates. Some beautiful
landscape scenes at Chiselhurst, England;
Catalina Island, In Marin County, and
Honolulu also attracted much attention.
The following ladies. of the club assist
ed in itceiving the guests:
The ladies of the Sketch Club and As
sociation of Allied Arts were "at home"
yesterday afternoon in their cozy club
rooms at 1308 California street. Under the
direction of Mrs. A. Crowell and Miss S.
Brannan the rooms had. been most taste
fully decorated with the principal flowers
of the season. The refreshment commit
tee, consisting of Mrs. Wores, Mrs. B. S.
Lee, Miss Austin and Mrs. Taussig, was
assiduous in its attention to the guests.
An election has been ordered to take
place on the 21st Xnst, for first lieutenant.
Fifth Infantry, vice Lundholm. Major
Julliard will preside, An election has been
ordered for second lieutenant in Company
G of the same regiment, vice Schroeder,
¦who failed to qualify. Edward McDonald
has been elected ¦ captain of the same
company, vice Wethern.
Tbe following boards of survey have
been named: Colonel N. S. Bangham and
Lieutenant Colonel William G. Schreiber,
lor the First Brigade; Colonel C. J. Evans
and Major S. L. Napthaly, for the Second
Brigade ¦ except the artillery; ; - Colonel
Thomas Wilhelm and Colonel C. J.-' Evans,
for the artillery, and Major Porter C.
Thode and Major P. F. Slmonds.'for the
Third Brigade. .
Commander Randolph H. Miner of the
jtaff of the commander in chief, will ln
epect and muster tbe headauarters, and
sereral divisions of the naval militia, ex
cept the Fifth at Eureka, on dates to be
designated by the, commanding officer of
the naval militia. The Fifth division will
be mustered and inspected by Lieutenant
Commander Douglass White.
Lieutenant Colonel William G. Schreib
sr, retired, has been ordered to, inspect
lind puster the First Brigade in place of
Major J. W. F. 1 Diss, brigade Inspector,
absent on leave.
Colonel Thomas Wilhelm, Inspector gen
eral of rifle practice, will inspect and
muster the First Battalion of Artillery.
Captain Milbank Johnson, assistant sur
geon, sanitary corps, Seventh Infantry,
having tendered his resignation, Captain
3. de Barth Shorb, assistant sanitary sur
eeonrhas been assigned to the vacancy.
Leave of absence for sixty days, with
permission to leave the State, has been
granted to Lieutenant Colonel A. B. C.
Dohrmann, paymaster, on the division
Btaff. and to Captain F. W. , Dohrmann
Jr., First Infantry. ¦
Lieutenant Charles V. Otto, Fifth Divi
sion. N. Mj C; Lleutenat Colonel Frank
McLaughlin, aid-de-camp on the staff of
the commander In chief, and Edward D.
Finley. late first lieutenant of Company
K, First California Volunteers, have on
their applications been placed *bn the re
tired list. , .*;;
The resignations of Second Lieutenant
M. J. Brock, Company I, Second Infantry,
and that of First Lieutenant Arthur. M.
Doll, Company A, Sixth Infantry, have
been accepted.
Bri&suJier General C. F. A. Last has
been appointed as a special examining
board to examine Captain George H.
Bower, appointed lieutenant colonel and
signal officer on the division staff, vice
Evans, promoted.
Colonel William Macdonald, retired, has
been detailed as a member of the exam
ining board for the division staff, vice
Sullivan, deceased.
Members of Sketch Club
Entertain Their Many
Friends.
Inspector of First Ar
tillery Battalion Is
Announced.
Programme of University
Summer Session Is
Issued.
Seniors of High School
Prove Their Ability
as Actresses.
YATES DISPLAYS
LATE PICTURES
MANY FEATURES
ARE ANNOUNCED
CHANGES AMONG
MILITARY MEN
GIRL STUDENTS
ACT IN COMEDY
THE SAN FRp^CISCO CiLLj SMD^
40
9
r
Z 0
. o ¦ 5
2
(-1
M
: S
'« -48
1000 350
0 10
103 117
563 538
677 655
CO
js I
9
CJ
Wells completed. ..
New productions...
Failures ......r: 7.".
Rigs .:.......•.....
"Well 'drilling. ;:.-..
Total . new work :..
75
3250
.10
,03
464
1 557
"¦•72 ¦ 6S
2205 2200
13 H 5
116 115
507 507
623 622
42
1410
11
108
665
673
9
r
Z 0
. o ¦ 5
2
(-1
M
: S
'« -48
1000 350
0 10
103 117
563 538
677 655
CO
js I
9
CJ
Wells completed. ..
New productions...
Failures ......r: 7.".
Rigs .:.......•.....
"Well 'drilling. ;:.-..
Total . new work :..
75
3250
.10
,03
464
1 557
"¦•72 ¦ 6S
2205 2200
13 H 5
116 115
507 507
623 622
42
1410
11
108
665
673
Hole's. _ _ J. ' : : _ : - L _- ; ;^ - ; : bale's..; :^ : _ _ j .; ; ;. : .^;;^ _ HaI^;'_ , I „ ,.^-L__L^ Hale's. '"'. ' ' . . ; : ¦ \j '. _ y { :^V ._ \ ._. _J : ;:.j _ V _ _¦ _¦ j ; _ _ V ; ¦ _ y_ .'I'U^wSSS?'-' - - - — -
wanted to obtain the result of , ¦ ~~ 7 ~_ j^ll 'IJ 1 U ' fa fl -f )imm3^}^*VW^^ wdmdg WO.
SJKSS'-Si.S WMMSIHk Children's Long Cloth Coats. WMiWHSm m
pronis 011 coiiudLib indue iuii b ...^ -*^^^h, \<?tj?8JtO 22ZZZZ' '¦¦ ''¦¦'- ¦ t >$^ >^4»P^«? w^'^^^^^^^^' on hibv carriages and there is
months ago. As we have said i^w|M^ r^^^P Cleverest New York Ideas Find Best Expression in these Four Styles: t^® 1^^^^^ ' llwit Kn^h^Vn
before the contracts were -very* $4 " 25 EAGH — Nav y -and castor all-wool Venetian— French '.back/double breasted; turn back cuffs < /^^^^^^P a reason lorn. iNosucn^en-
3arge-else we should not be ft^Bflto^^^ iZZ^ length-sizes 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12. ¦ " - - . ; % and sur^v
able to again present such ?mMM?f^/^m0 56.75 EACH— Extra quality tan covert— full box style— double breasted, turn back cuffs, large Francisco u . y
matchless values: f^^^kM^mS buttons-sizes 4, 6, 8, 10, 12. • - : : : ; ' ? ¦ 7W : J»^^^ never such values.
Black Taffeta Siiks_The 2 2 -in C h f^ \ Y^W^W M $7 ' 50 EA CH— French broadcloth in castor or blue— half-shaped, yoke front and back— all seams 'Um ' 'jU'Mk W%Z$ ?3.oo_FoIdin g go-cart with perfor-
good. in the grade that even before V 0 O w583fc^l haVC 5 r ° WS ° f Stitching— ornamented with 6 Steel buttons— all Sizes. ' ¦ "¦¦;-¦• ¦:¦ m *#S:^lllfP Seel tir^ whieS^cS b^^fe Sn
yard-now!. 1 ".^" ..! .^.. .6Oc g> 1 % W^^t^ $8.50 EACH— Fine covert in castor-^single : circular cape, reveres and cuffs are edged with 5 nar- til ?f / „$& \WzB street car "
Black Moire Silk—A most popular f 0 6 / \ Q *&( \ \Z TOW bands of taffeta silk — half fitting back. : • ; ' . , /,•-'¦¦• . :•• ffil • *| • Jaj^ffim*}^^^ S4.50— Folding go-cart with reed
Mlk for wraps waists and skirts in \ I Jsfr&yrkJ^ . ¦ '^VfV 6 \?Wsj^3Mi "^^^^ ' back, japanned gearing, rubber tire
those s,ell antiqu, and vdour de- (All N<=»V\7 DprAmfc W^^^^B MB
'....? 1.00 per Yard 0^^f^^f *" : 5» $2.95 EACH-^-Ladies' five-gored skirt— made of all-wool cheviot— four front seams trimmed with %\^ J&2B^x&0 , ments, backhand _ foot^movements
Wash Silks— Colored and white— ¦ • straps of 'moire silk — percaline lined, velveteen binding— black or blues. /^Wf^iaif^li^ eS^eeinnd^otbrSe. 1 W1 Pat "
rn"rof^erS r and^orL«f t I M EACH ~ LadieS ' d^ ular skirt, madeof all wool, cheviot in black or fine quality of Oxford ||1^ Mf^UllBS^ reed baby carriage
dainty wash silks for waists and ) \Hj^r'.' '"'.'" <r\1 color homespun, .with deep graduated flounce, trimmed with broad bands of stitched satin— with back .•/(d sides \yell padded an4 t
other purposes — all our own direct :$$|S§iP fjd ,^-rW/J.^ !>*¦£ skirt made verv full ' • . •' 1 , ¦ . - ' ij u&fM I i*ft^^^lSv nicely upholstered with India cloth, *
importation from Japan— 20 inches Wfr^ZZ? C7 en r a ru X r "i 1 ' , ( ,. . /M\mmW^^^^^ ho ° d *°P lined tO match - new
wide 30c yard %§|ib^'' < t^W% i '%zZZ^ */.0U iiAU-tl — Uxtord gray homespun or black cheviot, full graduated flare flounce, with 9 rows spring gear with patent wheels and
! Foulard Silks—Our designs and col- 1^^^^^^^0^f% jlUP of stitched taffeta bands in groups of three — extra full footbrake.
hous? ror will" znv Shcr° houll W^M^MAi^ ¦ , u^7 ° th ,? rS • Ch ) vi ° tSl broadcl ° ths - homespuns, nun's veiling pebble crepes, etamines and other wool mate- ?10.40-REDUCED FROM $13.00
nouse, nor will anj otner nouse rials, besides silks, 1 which range; up to $50.00. ' ¦/ - ' . \^ ,— Full-size , reclining go-cart, rus-
inSfS^ 0 c^tecS s ipn K S«d ™^rrr"""^\^za splendid showing of shirt waists-two new styles pictured. r^^^^ S»hio!? f Jld^fll!d B^ h SSou
for exclusive patterns— all are on . . v j~*m « fl « ~~~~ •¦¦¦"¦• ' « ,» - '¦ +> •'••''«•« '^ ~~~ i ' ~" i enameled gear, rubber tire
heayy satin srounds-and 24 inehe. Sfl I S I fl fl 1 fi^ fi Tl fl CH I 1 Hr^fl Q •-' "^H flifl H"l^ A'l*r r -K 1 #^-f C- W&MM 1 I wheels and footbrake. .
st^iloO and peVyard OdlC LlClUIC^ vdl 1U 1 1U FCH I I d U O KC leTS. ' ' •/ $10.9S-FuH-size baby carriage
There are THIRTY-TWO THOUSAND FOUBHITNDBEI) HANDKERCHIEFS j n the ; collection-but more interesting'to you is the fact we bought them at less than" half their value with swellfront, upholstered in In-
Perhaps a little explanation is necessary-it is that none of them are' ABSOLUTELY perfect-probably if we didn't tell you this you would never^know th Td^erence-Lt the handkerchief dia 5 loth ' removable cushions.
? PP" 15 at . th^ "SS the P eo PL e , trained to look for defects, passed them out because' of a slipped stitch in one, a small hole in th i lace edgingTr nsertlon of fn^ hood top padded and med to match;
¦pv /^*^>^x>4^ in a hemstitched one, or possibly another where the trimming was not accurately done. . - .-'- V : , .-• ; " ur ¦ ;. loac U ** UL nevw gear with patent spring, rub-
I JrCSS VjOOCI5« But to aI1 intent s and purposes they are as good as, can be,^^and you buy them atless than half what you would otherwise have to pay! They will go on j ¦* |l_i^ ber tire wheels and foot brake. ¦,'
\xn •* • 1 • T^ZIRI t7C 71 T(O.ff X7 npi M r/^% • j- -'.'/*'' -^ lJU — u 912.OO— Handsome baby carriage
Whether it rains or shines— A - EL l^J i JCL IX. I r\pi^tSO--/iilpLE/ I 1A/U. . -^ with swell front, upholstered with
is wet or dry — cold or warm — %V: C Each— 1000 dozen white cambric handkerchiefs with hem- 5c : Each— 500 dozen hemstitched with lace corners and lace bor- EXTRA. Bedford cord, hood top lined to
hrro it* v-,l,,«c fr» Vin'ntr vnn ; stitched borders— 2^c each, 30c dozen. ders, hemstitched and scalloped with fancy revere effect, lace bor- Men's handkerchiVf«; all hpmkt'ttrhpA 1 6nr> «f tlipm h 3 vp match, new spring gear, patent
here are values to bring you Each _ IOOO dozen ca mbric and lawn With lace borders and lace with' colored embroidery corners and hemstitched with fancy I^KCrcmeis, all hemstitched, 36OO Of them have rubber tire wheels and foot brake. .
out— here are offerings that - ncprt - on f T Tl T/ -m k -^ a IT '5 colored borders— all in perfect condition .............. Each colored borders and 1200 are plain, white .-.-.5c Each ¦¦;¦--; oVA Tn?o\r « T «^'
, ... , , insertion effects, hemstitched, with embroidered borders and lace 9c Each_2oo dozen Tancv- lawn with larf horrfp« and lar* in<:« -n/r > u ji L- r' • i-j, , V • , , V ' $12.50 — REDUCED FROM $io.7S
the Swell Shopper and the corners, and hemstitched insertion, worth from 8 1-3C to i S c each, mS^^^^^^^^^^^^m^^^U^^^ Men S. handkerchiefs in solid blues, pinks, lavenders— . -Handsome reclining go-cart with
economical buyer cannot af- if wholly perfect ........Sc Each tion and corners, regular value 15c ;...........;qc Each each •..:.. ............ .. / ...... •. . 81-3C . To1 } «des, padded and lined, mcely
J • — — : — 1 ; ¦-..-¦-. - •: .-;. . .. . . ¦ ¦ . ' upholstered, satin parasol, green cn-
ford to pass. ¦ ¦ • TJX*** **+'*' A i H n+/r. V\*.^~A n ''— — ;'^. v - - • anieled gear with nutless axles, rub-
. Irirnmea nats. Dress uarnitures. ber tire wheels and foot brake.
Silk and Wool Sublime. '^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Notwithstanding the many hundreds of artis- All this season's designs and novelties: A §15.9S— Handsome reclining go-
ine best .trench make — a sott, cling- 4?y&y&yvy6yyy&yyvyyys2y l >&v>?s5yyy *.• 'j 1 1 j. # " -ii •¦•**. tt 1 > e • 1 1 r j " > ¦ 1 *• r* •. * * - - $o<^>55^^^>^$$5 : 5-5^^^S$$ : 5 : 5 ; 5 ;: 5' /.'o^f -..-i*-t-» -milintr »Mi>« ..j enroll
ing fabric much in vogue for street tlc and e ! e & ant creations that Hale's furnished for (drummer's sample line offered to you from one- fr^nt Sdes padded and fined to
I costumes; comes in all of the popu- 7 &Q0A E aster the stock shows no diminishing — in half to two-thirds less than if we had bought/them match cushion, satin parasol wi^
. r .. E .^?. n . S .. C . ° r . S . : ..f?i n .25 S a ylrd fact ' if that be possible, it is even a little better. regular— all new and fresh— not a damaged one wi^'S? : S^Srin?Sltes aSs
All-Wool Crepes Not surprising either when you know the in the lot. . -; mbbeTtlrr^heeTand footbrake? 9 '
W,v P , v P rv CvVf cT . fi "ct, -ft, iSLCtS \ lor OUT workrooms are turning OUt 60 hats . ! $ 1 - 5O Eacl1 — Black spangled circular collars, and collar <^^^^ Other styles up to $27.50. >:^»
popular coWgs. 44 .nrte^w.de us by express from New York. . . f led yokes-- s «k cord and torpedo braid reveres, worth IpWip T>* i 1
AH^WoolAlbatrosr" I^^^^^^S m ¦ 't Mating We ..*»*«>.¦•• tH?) RlbDOIlS.
Hll-nOOl HlOaWOSS. £ ®$So^^3E*«a».3® White hats made of dainty laces and embroideries with E led collar and reveres in large floral d e si K ns-fancy nov- i. *V#i!^^^ 1>1WWVUUI
and Mack; 38 inches ™dc.50e yard »W. - , Q&StM W. and th^,, $.5.00 .0 $.0.00. but are sold f^^^^^^^m^S^ ' S5S£" wiT whlt-To^
%Z%%%fV~ #K.>%%, by T us at from $8.00 to $12.00. . t ¦.., black . silk net boleros with silk cord applique; design— %%£$^>f #8*^^^^ center and borders— VA inches
<%%%%%>^F* Just at this time there are 890 trimmed hats on display black spangled collar with Van Dyke points— black bo- wide a splendid neck ribbon
n« 1 r t. C <%%%%%\ '\r$kv%z2% ranging in price from $2.50 to $25.00— the strongest lines lero of silk braid finished with black beads— black net ' 10c oer vard
DiaCK rrenCll bergeS, bein K at$6oo.$7oO, $8.50, $10.00 and $12.00. .'?¦; collars and reveres with steel and gold spangles worked '^^^^^^^^^M^ ' ,i"\ a""\"a -w!
. iwuvu wwi 6 w, A splendidly complete assortment of black hats. « on lace, worth anywhere from $7.50 to $1800.. Each $5 00 •TH8^^^^^^*^- About 900 yards pla^d nlSbons—
CheVtri 1 ? anri CnaHrKT^ _ w ¦ > <^ plaids are very stylish, _you know.
P^|t>o|. ckche " ot ' 50mchesw ; de ' Gate Ave. giartn&'Z^^ l^ateAve. a^^^^'^jI^
A $1.50 black serge, £0 inches wide, &%m%%Z%^Z^^^^% Q © "^^B^sa^g^ WfQ&S^^^ .- C O ribbon with raised brochet stripe-
fri.iu. -,. •¦¦-.- -- , . -¦..-¦¦-.- . , _ ¦ ._.. .-- :Xi ¦ . ¦ "r"^""'"' 1 " 1 ""*!^ ' : %;^'--'; ' ; - :•— .' ¦ '*- ' ' '¦ ¦ I*fc6*fc6666^66fitfi«6^6*«<« . 4^ inches wide...... 10c per yard
g iiicic o ; a i-'IIICrCIlCC""™
I - . In. > Non-Essentials Only J
H Both are attractive In tnelr oddity, and oddity is the thing in parlor fl
1 chairs. The lower : priced one could hold Its own with the higher In any [f
I ; parlor— there's dignity in the high, open-carved back. The velour uphols- M
H , tered seat is designed to put -a caller at ease at once. The low arms are [1
I just right for conversation or reading. Mahogany finish , CO Or |j
0 The -higher priced one has a higher polish and more elaborate carving. H
a OUR OWN -upholstering, French silk damask in dainty neutral shades, ||
|j inside and out on back, making a finished, handsome chair from any point 11
0 , of vie\y.. Classical dolphin design in the carved, high back. - Polished |]
H :v Mahogany, in light lines and curves of great strength and grace 1 C f\f\ 11
B Heaw Manufacturers, to get our orders, often of- |f
1 M ; -o.--v '-¦¦ :•' «. lf L f - er P s P rices on 2°° ds which ifsold in the I j
|| . "X^lercerizeci '¦ Oil K ordinary way would bring enormous profits | i
U ' : ~T*L ¦¦''*•'¦' • But our way is to sell them quickly at a Ii
¦ v/ .: ¦r'ortieres smaller profit, thus sharing with our cus- I
Eg tomers. A case in pont— A hundred. pair of heavy, t^q. v»-s- ij
m. Mercer-silk portiers ,with heavy knotted fringe and **•/ J a pair [
¦• tassels. ; ¦ Red,'; greenTand blue ground shades, exquisite woven-ln patterns. !
ij ¦;-' Lustrous, silky, surface won't hold dust. Should be {9; this week $6.75 H
I '.'_,-'"¦ '¦¦'- " .''M*^^^^^A ¦ ' S
. "The Credit, HouseT Six Stories. H%h. .1
233-235-237 PosfStreiei. Phone Private £x -37 I