VOL.TJME XCI— NO. 142.
PEICE FIVE CE1STS.
SAJSr! FKAN^
PROMINENT MEN* WHO ARE PLATING AN IMPORTANT PART j IN TRYING TO BRING ABOUT. A SETTLEMENT
IN THE ECONOMIC DISTURBANCE N^^^^^RW^^^^fw^^^^S^^^TC^^^J^^h^^^^^^^UA^
TERSOF THE STRIKERS AND SCENES WHICH OCCURRED YESTERDAY AS "A RESULT OF '. THE TROUBLE.
Amid the streams of water on
all sides, the flames from the
lower deck and dense clouds of
smoke, the passengers rushed
from their staterooms and a
frightful panic ensued. The ap
peals of the officers and crew
could not stay the terror-stricken
Most of the passengers were
still in bed when Second Clerk
Phillips gave the alarm. The en
gineers started the pumping en
gines and the crew brought all
the hose into play.
The fire was discovered in the
forward hatch larboard at 4:05
o'clock and burned fiercely.
shortly after 4 o'clock this morn
ing close to Ogdens Landing,
near this city- While almost all
on board were asleep, the steamer
City of Pittsburg was discovered
to be on fire and in a few mo
ments was burned to the waters
edge. The loss of more than
$80,000 on the steamer does not
include the cargo, both being a
total loss. The latest estimates
are that there were 150 persons
on board and that not more than
v ¦
half of them were saved, many of
the latter being burned or in
jured. As the register of the
steamer was burned, no list can
be given either of the victims or
the survivors and in the confusion
it has been impossible to com
plete lists. Captain Phillips ad
mits that the death list may reach
sixty.
CAIRO, 111., April2O.—
One of the worst dis
asters in the history of
river navigation occurred
The following: is a partial
list of the pauengeri lostt
Captain 'Wesley Dom, re
tired river pilot, Cincin
nati.
Mtes Marie Te«sim, Cannel
ton, Ind.
Three children of Mrs. Me-
Cnllum. Iseavenworth, Ind.
Patrick Burke and seven
members of his family,
Owen^boro, Ky.
Child of Pilot Al Pritchett,
Memphis. Tenn.
Clay Breeze, wife and son,
I'ntontown. Ky.
Chtld of A. M. Allen, Pltts
bursr.
Miss Mary Litter, Carrollton,
Ohio.
Sir. Adams, Ohio.
Mr. Downs, Memphis.
Miss Sweeney, Owensboro,
Kentucky.
L. L. Hunter, Litlntl. Pa.
Members of the crew lostt
Joe Redding. Cincinnati,
striker engineer.
Fred Jonei, Newport, Ky.,
'< striker engineer.*
Tom Smith, Memphis, tteen-
WiuirB* rt. Bollln'ter. . Cin-'
cinnatL. first steward.
Henry Thomas (colored),
Cincinnati, second stew
ard.
John Botts, Cincinnati, cook.
Tony Gilfoyle, Cincinnati,
baker.
These members of the
crew, names unknown, are
misBlnfrt First pantryman,
three colored firemen, six
cabin boy*, two chamber
maids, six deckhands, two
cooks.
THE DEAD.
Panic-stricken Pas=
sengers Retard
Rescuers.
More Than Sixty of
Those Aboard
Are Lost.
Fire Destroys a Mis=
sissippi River
Packet
SCORES
DIE IN
FLAMES
ALL LINES OF THE MARKET-STREET RAILWAY SYSTEM
ARE COMPLETELY TIED UP AND 2800 EMPLOYES AWAIT
ANSWER OF CORPORATION RELATIVE TO THEIR DEMANDS
V, The, failure' of the cars to run a* usual
was a source of great , inconvenience -to
the : residents along the. various lines "of
the system : Hying ' in ; the outskirts of the'
city. . Many, of "these '/walked' two .'-miles
down town: in search of*' information,: but
the'news obtained by them was not en-
employes, in which he said he was will
ing to : treat i directly with the men them
selves', : singly or collectively, , but . that • he
would gj not> recognize the, men affiliated
with the 'union; who, he said, were ; dis
charged "employes. Following his address
he took a; car. to the ferry, and among
his s passengers were * • several employes
who areriotin sympathy with the strike.
"I will never consent to
place ' policemen on .the
street cars of -the company.
The. company | will j be | gfiven
ample-"-, police ¦" protection
should ¦ it be required, but
until. the "necessity for it ex
ists no police will escort the
cars>about the city. I expect
to Hold n. conference 'with
the - • officials of the street
railway company to-morrow.
'F am convinced that the
Mrtko -will not be ' of long
duration."
) "I .consider the situation
as being: full of promise for
the street railway employes
-who are'; striking for better
pay and :':thc recession ;' of
unreasonable regulations en
forced asrainst them by.'the
rail-way i company. . % *- There
has .been no violence and my
conviction is- thnt there will
be none. The 'strikers are
orderly and'.. they, have' as
sured me that they .will pre
serve the 'peace at all haz
ard*.
MMAYOn SCHMITZ made
/ \\ the •» following ' state-
Went to the
i .-strike «it nail on late
last nlcht:
MAY0R SAYS
NO VIOLENCE
IS EXPECTED
Continued on Page
, / -•¦¦-¦ • .- ¦-¦.'- •" i . . .¦ ¦ -:"¦.¦ *..-¦. ¦ :'
¦ Continued on Page Thxet,
Continued on Page Three,
"¦'¦ E street railway employes*
k ¦ E • strike is now in full effect, and
' r -.''-B r all the," lines of the United
.' ;'¦•• mt' ' \..: Railroads. ; of '¦.. San Francisco
. * -^*- '¦•' ', ' : and ' also .the Independent
,\ . > •, ' ; Geary-street line are thor
oughly THe tieup was ren
dered -complete • yesterday morning, when
f the'day-;forces, after reporting, at the va
rious car.ho'uses. heeded the importunities
of -th'eir :fellow;-carmenand almost unani
-refused to go to work. Scarcely
the wheels '"of a single car on any line re
.volved'y^sterday.wlthput permission hav
ing first been 'obtained frpm . President
Cornelius 'of ,'the union. : Probably never
,was' a /strike of any kifid' inaugurated so
pftacefuilyyet so,' effectively as the pres
;'eht «.phe. :; ' .". ", ; ;... •¦'. , . -
.V. When ¦ the strike w-as put in effect Sat
,urday : night,' it was. the night forces that
•quit; ' » At that '. time ¦ there was serious
doubt 'existing; even in the minds of the
;le'aders'thernselycs,.as to whether the day
• hands "would cast their lot with the strik
ers'. -'.When .these; men";. went. to. the car
sheds lyestprday. .it.Is safe to assert that
three-fourths of them had no intention of
striking.- ..They were ''met, however, at the
sheds; by deiegates'from the union, and in
a remarkably. short space of time they
had-decided'tojoiri 'the strikers arid were
• on i their, way.: to the. Turk-street 'Temple '
tojoiri the union. ., i. :
'The most- 1 exciting event in regard to
the " employes, quittiAg; their positions oc
curred out at : the Mission-street carhouse,
near^Twerity-ninth street;.,' About 30) nien
are employed on the Mission street lines,
; arid* tlie'leaders of 'the strike had deter
.irilned.to.make a strong appeal for their
assistance. {When the, men arrived at the
carhouse' theyovere met by F.'R. Whitney
fof;' the SutrO; line and several. other dele
gates, who went among the riien exhort
ing them : to sustain the union. The cause
• of -the organization finally prevaile'd, and
! '1.0 .of the men formed in line and, marched
down' to \the ]• Turk-street' Temple to* be-
. Continued on -Page Two.
'' F"t IC HARD 'CORNELIUS,' '
| ; #^ ' Prestdent- of. <h]e ; - Street ,"
:' : ,. . '• Hal j.TT, ti'.y- '' Employes';
* ;. ?i\ •":'• *; Union, . made \ th]e ¦; t ol-.;. ~
lnTrlnis- ntatenientj'Iast nljsht t
? ." vT',' T < E!very.tblngf'*:;polvtti ; 'to «''-.*'
r-«peeil>v and ' Buccessf nl-; ter- ' ,
' 'mlnatlbn "of " tiieVfitrike. ;Otir
' men arc all ont: not a slnijlp ; ..
one ,Tras disloyal, to. tlie^prln- ¦_¦..
'.: '¦ clples of ibJ.K'; onion. \ JTkeViiIt- v -;
nation .-. ronlil : not be. more ¦ '
-.. ' fnvorableVfor the'trinmph'bf ,.
' - our '.\ 'cause! >-'irtafch'j'> ** Vthe
.; . canse^of '^rlffht'and; justice. . 'f- 1 /,
¦ : ¦'_ "¦ . •«Onr > ' men vhave !'been ¦ l^ n - "-:
:'.'• utructed '^.nit "to ' : th'e':' course /
','.'.' ttey - are to V.PUr*ue.' w i' i Under. ' •,
'/} no clrcnmsiances Bre.they to ':-,
•• " resort -• toj any, ."Tiolence ; : and •
. I they are nottopermlt^othersV ;
:''"tb \ destroy \ .the |j property^ ; of \ \
,^the^-cbnipanies.: ..The" United,; •
. ¦ '. States ;'mall. service ..ttIII ; not, .
'. . under ¦ any: clrcnmstances.-" be, v.
- Interfered .-n-Ith.'-. •";.>¦.'¦'!'';',' -.1 :...'; ¦. ;
. "We Unow.that in thlii flght . "i
,V the^' sympathies . of "the-. Ken. ¦¦ ..
:•..' eralrpubllc.^.Trlilch; i»ia,ltvii5^~s \'-.
-J for;- the ; cause. i;.of ;jrl^fht t 1; "li« ¦'• E
-t Tylth/us. ;VOur. meii- could, not.,''
. vbe.^uiorc;', enthnslastle.'-.-and ,.T..
V while; I- nm •'"certain? th'at- the •> '
,. strike 'Vvill'ibejshbrt.t I^knoiv,-.
-.;that- if -it-Is 'proionifed.Vthe.s^
';nienf rrlll .hold : toKether '.until . ':
; -v'Jthey; 1 . i/liave. •'¦'"/ 'sained." "i'tUeir.^--;
.' rights.''. . .••/¦•'.'W'-'M; " : 'r:. ¦'- .'-.'¦•..'•
At ¦ the carhouse of the ¦ Sacramento
jitreet line Manager Vining. played a' con- |
spicuous role— that, of "conductor. ' I Vin-
Ing made several trips over, the line'.dur
ing the morning and collected fares'; with
the dignity of an old-time conductor/ He
was Jeered good : naturedly ;. by the crowds,
but paid little attention to the cries of
derision that xr«"eeted;; him. Later J in the
afternoon, he visited .the Mission-street
carbbuse and raade an address to several.
VINING AS CONDUCTOR.
rHE. strike of - the conductors
and motormen of I the Market
street railway system ¦ was on
in real earnest yesterday. The
tie-up was complete in every
respect, and barring one car
on each line, which was sent over, the
system, in order that the franchise rights
of the company might not be impaired,
and the running of the mail „ cars, not a
wheel on the entire "system moved
throughout the day.
The completeness of the tie-up was a
matter of surprise not only to the offi
cers of the railway '. company, but to the
public as well. The unanimity of action
on the part of the employes in walking
out almost to a man is an indication of
the deep-seated feeling that existed
among the men against the company for
the stringent regulations '¦ Manager.-Vin
ing has seen fit to enforce. ;One of those
which has been most obnoxious to ¦ the
men was the espionage to which they
were subjected on -their days off. A rule
which has worked a ! hardship on the
conductors is .one forbidding \ them to
lean against the rear railing of the car
while on duty. The most obnoxious, reg-.
illation of all was, that which ..practical
ly forbade the men, from joining the union
under whose auspices the strike Was in
augurated.
A feeble attempt was made toturnout
some of the cara of the Mission and; Va
lencia street branches at the usual hour
yesterday morning. As fast -as trie 'men
appeared at the carhouses they, were met
by the pickets of the strikers, and a mo
ment later they walked^ away: in com
pany. One car -was turned : out without
opposition, and, manned by two men, it
proceeded to the ferry." The strikers' were
orderly, and although a number "of police-"
men were on the scene their services
were not called into reauisltlon.
Strikers Join Union
by Hundreds at
Big Meeting.
jgg -y-ATOE- SCHMITZ sought, In
/B /S valn yesterda yVto] secure. a"
/ HX B : conference •:. with 7 the ¦ bffl
/ •v '¦•-.cials: of .'the. railway 'com_
-A -r JBL':'. pariy,wlth;a view to brings
" ing' about a.speedy^settle
ment of the strike; Most of the afternoon
was spent ; by him, in seeding, to gain com
munication with. Mana-ger Vining or Pres T
ident • Holland, but neither' ..was '¦• to '-\ be
found. . As a last \ resort [ Tirey | L. ; Ford,
who is said to>have a- power; of ¦. attorney
to act for:the company, in the settlement
of the dispute, was communicated with;
and he announced that'; he would'ilet the
Mayor know later in the evening what ac
tion he would," take relative" to '; the pro
posed cohference. t ;,'•... - /. -
At 8 o'clock Mayor ; Schmitz; was at: his
office In*the City Hall awaiting' the com
ing of Ford, : but -the ; Attorney,' Generai
came not. instead ,there_came a- telephone.
menage, from V him - announcing': that -'no
I conference; could;- be;- had' for i the reason
that ¦President; Holland Vas unable to a't- F
tend, and he did not" consider, himself au
! thorized to act independent of Holland in
the premises. -^Ford's •..declination'' was
couched In the following language : > . - ; . W
."I have no personar disinclination what
ever,to meet his) Honor the; Mayor.'; this
evening or at j any; other time. .'Indeed, • I
should bever^much pleasedjto'meet him.
But as, at '! such.; a 'j conference / matters
would be .discussed ¦• concerning '.* which V: I
have but a 'lirnited.'power.^arid. \. as pur,
president, ' Mr." Holland, ¦ whom -I 'would
¦wish to ' accompany,; me, , if ¦ such' a, confer
ence is to jbevhad,' is jriot ; iiv physical con
dllion. to attend, no* conf erenceVcan take
place' to-night." ••/;' ; ••;. ' ' '-. ' -_. • ¦ : •
' The J MayorJ expressed/greatv annoyance
at .the i failure of his .'.first', attempt- at: mod-;
iationi f lie;had'corivinced; himself, that the
proposed conference would\ result' in much •
good ' and ' he '.added' j that he ¦ would * renew ,
his -effort yio'-'day.*; L "]{ '~-\ .' Y. '0-i " ? f v ,¦:; ; :; . : : ;
President Holland was reported • to; be"ill ;
iast' nlghtTj Tlie';^trlkelis ,-^id Tier-be atie]
caused' Holland: spent*, trie greater part of
yesterday, at '.his "office; and : the reports 're-;
ceived • by him ,"f rom : the various ; parts iof ¦
the , system ' seem iy to 'indicate ! that / aVpro- '
tracted . struggle; is ; to - be " counted - upon.;
The" situatibn-'was;' riot "and.
when the subject' ofVafcoriference with, the'
Mayor was, broached , he expressed; himsel f \
as" being too ill to discuss . the* strike", until
to-day^ Ford ¦ thereupon sent ' his -rdeclin-^
'ation to "the 'Mayor.' as' statcd.*T V ¦*¦¦ ' ' "
CORNELIUS
IS HOPEFUL
OF SUCCESS
Events of the Day Are
Eagerly Watched
by Public.
Mayor Schmitz Makes Futile^ Attempt to Bring About Confer*
ence With Officials qi 'the United fRailrdads.
Special Cable to The Call and the Ne-wr Tork
Herald. Copyright, ] 1902. by the Heraid
Publishing Company.
GUATEMALA CITY, Guate
mala, April 20. — Three earth
quakes Friday night reduced to
ruins Quesaltenango, the second
city of importance in Guatemala
and having 25,000 inhabitants,
and completely destroyed the
town of Amatitlan. Both of these
towns were capitals of depart
ments of the same name that each
It is reported that 500 persons
were killed in Quesaltenango, but
the rumor lacks confirmation.
No direct telegraphic communi
cation has been obtained and the
exact loss of life cannot now be
ascertained,
.The disaster is greater than
first reports led the ."public to be
lieve. News of the destruction,
which extends . 100 miles along
the western part of the republic,
is coming in slowly, because all of
the telegraph wires are down. It
is known that Amatitlan exists
no more as a town, the seismic
disturbance having been so great.
The inhabitants — that is, those
of 10,000 residents who escaped
death in the cataclysm — are
camping in the, open air for
safety, not daring to return to the
ruined confines of the town.
Some of the inhabitants are build
ing temporary mud huts.
More news has been obtained
about the condition of affairs at
Amatitlan than at Quesaltenan
go, as the former town is only fif
teen miles south of this city, while
the latter is more than 100 miles
to the northwest. •:.-•¦"•
, Couriers say earthquake shocks
are still being felt at short inter
vals in the neighborhood of Ques
ailenango.
There have been serious seis
mic disturbances along the Cor
dillera, affecting towns and vil
lages between Amatitlan and
Quesaltenango. No reliable in
formation regarding the loss of
life or the extent of property de
struction in these intermediate ,
places'has reached here.
DAMAGE IN 1 MEXICO.
MEXICO CITY, April 20.—
The earthquake on Friday even
ing affected a large extent of terri
tory and reached down into Cen
tral America. The lower section of
the Pacific coast of this country
felt the shock very severely and
at Tapachula, an important town
in the state of Chiapas, near the
Guatemalan frontier, the damage
done to property is estimated at
fully $1,000,000. One wealthy
man estimates his loss at $200,-
Ouesaltenarigo was, next to
Guatemala City, the prettiest
town of Guatemala, while Amitit-
Earthquake Shocks
Continue at Short
Intervals.
A mat it Ian and Que
saltenango Are En*
tirely Destroyed.
Guatemala Temblors
Claim Hundreds
of Victims.
CITIES
LIE IN
RUINS
The San Francisco Call.
\- CLIFF >JS > DESERTED.. ;: - ?
.''The;Dcscrtcd;yillageV'. would hav^.been
an appropriate;name, for. the-reslbn around
the Cliff House'and park yesterday.; About
a'/riuridred"pedestrlansVvIslted'" the "beach
yesterday i'and, these all •.had '¦tow come, by
way of . the ' Calif ornla?street : line. ' '.The < air
'was-quite chilly.' ajs a. cool .west ,wind ; was
blowing. ;The. breakers'; were . unusually
la'rcp. : '•.;,,>•_., ? : ¦::-¦¦: ¦':'¦''¦¦'.. ¦ : ¦ * ~j>-/.' '.¦ '.'¦ *¦ .'
,"" If, thedlff-was deserted >. the. park/.wus
even i more . so," as there "were' no cars, run
ning to 1C-, except'- :• an' occasional^ EIUs
street car.-"; ',' /-,' ,*,.!••¦,' ;',' .¦*.¦¦',.".''•«¦ ; :'*••_ ' .
;,' The* California arid}. Union-street f .lines
tlldVa\ rushing lbusiness"'Vestefday. \ being
.the .'only-^llnes-jin^the-cityf In •operation.
Each "car ; was v , pressed ,;int« r service -and
oach,'of;these..was so crowded that- stand-
Ins room.w*a3*at*a'premlum".* " \ v "" '¦" ' ...MEXICO CITY,: April ;30.-The police
have been asked : by.the;United States, to
keep a watch for General ;vW LV; White;
U. S: A. ".'.alleged to have fled from Justice"
WASHINGTON. April ; 20.-No ' officer
known; as General W/ L. ;Whlte -Is- coni
nected with the army of the United States
and officials are at a loss to, understand
on what authority the Mexican dispatch is
based.' - - ,¦-. v _,
They Do Not Know General ; White or
Understand .the. Dispatch Sent
;to Mexico. J ::
ARMY ; OFFICIALS THINK
MISTAKE .• HAS \ BEEN >¦ MADE
In accordance,;-;; with-, -the*; instructions
given him yesterday, afternoon by Mayor
Schmitz; Ch ef Wittman' issued orders ias\
night i to the . effect *that .two policemen
shall report. for, duty, this "morning at 5
o'clock at . each , of the carhousesj in
order- to -prevent' damage being done to
the syndicate's property. These two men
are to -remain on duty, until .7, o'clock, 1
when they will b§ relieved by, four others,
who * will guard the . houses ¦ during the
dav.- . . * ' ; ¦: '. :¦ -' ". : .-.- .¦•¦¦-• ¦'- ' -'
. WIttman's instructions were, to the ef
fect that his men. shall protect the prop
erty of the corporation, and shall not al
low any of the carmen who desire to go
to work -to be mistreated, but the'offlcers
must not" ride on- the -cars. If a car Is
stopped. then the policemen will have k the
right to interfere and asslst'the employes
in proceeding on their routes.
CHIEF ISSUES
SWIKE ORDERS
TO POLICEMEN
. MAYOR SCHMITZ ACTS.
- Mayor Schmitz' has taken steps to bring
about a conference between the strikers
and employers with a. view toward effect
ing a settlement of. tha strike. Early m
the proceedings the Mayor made the dis
covery that there, was not apparently any
one • to ¦ speak ¦ authoritatively for the
United Railroads of San - FranclscoS At
torney. General Tirey L.- Ford, who Is the
legal adviser, of the corporation, was said
to have a power of attorney, to act for the
couraging. They learned that the entire
system was tied up tightly and that the
prospects of a settlement with the strik
ers on any other basis than the granting
of their. demands were meager. The sit
uation was one which prompted the own
ers of all kinds of vehicles to transform
them ipto public conveyances, and until
the settlement of the strike these vehicles
will be in active demand.,
. The- strikers held^a very enthusiastic
meeting .at the; Turk-street Temple yes
terday, afternoon, 'and several hundred
w . ere *t? ded }° the u nion membership. Of
the 2S0O employes of the system the union
Claims to have secured 2500. with excel
lent, prospects for securing. the remainder
to-day or to-morrow. The strikers are
very hopeful that their.; demands will be
granted soon, and all express regret that
they should have ' been the source of so
much Inconvenience to the traveling pub-
. The entire day; force of street car -em
ployes j reported as usual yesterday- morn
ing at the different car barns and aboitt
threetfourths~of the number had no" de
sire to'.'strikeV and ,were ready! to go .to
work. The delegates; of the, Street Rail
way". Employes' •., Union, whose/ members
inaugurated. the strike on Saturday: night,
were on hand, to persuade '-. them not (to
work. Their arguments -muet have, been
very " conclusive,', as lone.. ; hour ; . af ter _ : the '
time the-men' usually commenced .'.their
daily runs they were all headed for Turk-*
¦street ; Temple "to enroll ' ; themselves /as i
members : of ; the : union. ; -i-The 'decislott^on
the part : of | the day r forces - to ( strike was
communicated * almost" instantaneously ; to <
the 'car,' houses in all parts of ¦ the' city. ''
; The men on=the" Sutrb? line were -proba
bly the first to join the ranks of the strik
ers. r There *• were forty ' conductors ¦¦) and
motormen employed on the road that car
ries. passengers to;the park and ; cliff/ and
every . one - of ' them ; quit. -V. There were s no
cars running to the. park' and Cliff House
yesterday/: - ' ¦'¦¦
• j The * men ¦' from v" the / Sutro line had
scarcely finished, signing their names to
the .union's ' membership ¦•¦ role ..when'.. 200
of ..the employes, from the-MIssIon lines,
dressed -In- their uniforms, marched ; into
the ; hall. 1 ' There .are. more than* 300 ' men
employed' on the Mission lines, and .while
all; of- them- did' not join the union: yester
day. It is claimed that none of them could'
Continued From. Page One.
CARMEN GO
IN CROWDS TO
THE TEMPLE
..Mayor Schmlta was a very; busy man
yesterday. He arrived in this city from
Sacramento "at 9 o'clock, and although ho
had had little sleep during, the night he
began an immediate consideration of the
strike and the best methods to be adoptetl
to secure an early ; settlement of the con
troversy. 1 '" ; ¦-¦ '¦'¦¦' ¦; ; i
The Mayor notified Chief of Police Witt
man that hewould be in his office/at thje
Clty;Hall at 2 o'clock, and from that' time
untili" midnight f his - time -was taken up
with* interviews ¦ relative to .'.-" the strike.
Among "the. first callers ¦ were several
members of the executive committee of
Division No. '. 205, . Amalgamated
tion of Street Railway Employes of Amer
ica? headed/ by Richard Cornelius,, presi
dent of the local branch, Harry Knox and
others.' Cornelius addressed the Mayor,
and' said the were orderly and
that they desired to have the' Mayor ad
dress them at their meeting: in the Turk
street Temple. ' ' ." . ¦ ' '
"¦: The Mayor: replied that it- was -his pur
pose to remain -perfectly neutral in the
matter in order that no question could be
raised in. the event his services as me
diator between the railway \ company and
the strikers were requested:- Her assured
the 'members of the committee that' his
sympathies ' were with- the street - car»em
ployes and that he would do all-in his
power to aid them in their * struggle for
better' wages and the recognition of their
right to 'organize. • '. , .v ¦;>.*,
Cornelius stated that the entire Market
street v system , was tied up, and that it
would be impossible for the .railway oeo
ple • to= move . a wheel-: without the aid of
they ,- employes. ';; The . men ; were ;. resolved
to hold out to theUast. They were mere
ly asking ' f or- : their rights ; as wage-earn
ers and . free \ men; • ana they proposed to
battle for those rights, in the belief that
they.had.the sympathy of the public in
their . fl flit ~TWFi -J"» tiTTTHpTHra' \iiHmtV*HwtlW
i'The Mayor- cautioned the committee to
urge *> upon - 'the - striking employes the
necessity? of :.preservlng the -peace at all
hazards, and to , refrain -. from : indulging in
intoxicants. " The executive was compelled
From the ferries td : The Call building
hundreds of passengers were picked up
by entei prising vehicle owners and thence
carried. to central points,- such- as Halght
r.nd Market, Twenty-sixth and Valencia,
Flllmore and Ellis, the Potrero. and other
sections.- The residents of the outlying
districts embraced with satisfaction the
opportunities offered /for getting home, l
Owing to ths tie-up of mainlines lead
ing to the park, there was little travel
to that resort and -comparatively none
to the Cliff House. The California-street
line and its connections did. an enormous
business throughout the day,' they 1 being
the feeders to , a vast stretch of terri
tory. Residents who are accustomed to
coming downtown via the Geary and Sut
ter street lines made the best of the sit
uation by walking to California . street
and taking 'the cars of that line at.their
respective points. The unusual travel ne
cessitated the employment of everv ex
tra car on that line far Into the night !
The Union-street line, as well as the
Hyde-street connection, did an. enormous
business air day.- The. ru.nning of these
lines has not been Interfered with for the
leason that the employes are well satis
fled with their pay and hours. '¦¦ On<» of
the officials of the line said' last : hl*nt
that no matter what the wages paid bv
any other company might be the rate o'f
pay on the California-street line would
exceed.it by 2 cents per hour. ' The' an
nouncement has. served to cement the
good relations existing. between the com
pany and Its 'employes.
<Market street was crowded with bug
gies, trucks, furniture wagons, automo
biles and hacks yesterday. Each vehicle
was filled - with passengers bound for
all quarters of the city affected: by the
fetrike. Rates ranging from 5 cents to
50 cents, : according to the distance trav
tled, were charged, and few protests
against the rates were 'made.
General Manager Vinlng visited the car
house on Mission street, near Twenty
ninth street, yesterday afternoon and in
cidentally made a few remarks to a num
iber of his striking empoloyes whom he
found gathered, there. He told the men
that he was sorry that the trouble had
occurred and that he was ready to wel
come them back' Into the service of the
company at any time they were willing to
come. In regard to the demands made
by the men, he said that he wa3 willing to
grant them where possible, and that he>
would be oleased to confer with the men
individually or collectively at any time.
He positively' refused, however, to recoe
nlze In any manner, the Railway Em
ployes' Union, which he asserted is com
posed of men discharged from the service
of the road. • > *
Some of the strikers informed the gen
eral manager that they objected to the
system of espionage which he had estab
lished in maintaining spies to. watch ,the
men in order to find out of they enter sa
loons when off duty. They said that they
considered it an injustice to fine an. em
ploye for taking, refreshments in a pub
lic drinking place. Vining replied that this
regulation might seem harsh, but that It
was' calculated to promote both the good
of the men themselves and the good of the
company, which he declared must have
efficient employes. He intimated. that this
rule would be modified. .After, the confer
ence Vinlng took charge'of a car and went
to the ferry with;a number.of non-union
employes, as, passengers. .
STREET RAILWAY TIE-UP COMPLETE
The executive committee of the United
Railroads of San Francisco, appreciating
the moral force of public sentiment, made
the following statement last night:
The rat« of wages • paid by- this company Is
exceeded by no other street railroad In the
United States with, we believe, the single ex
ceptions of Butte and Helena, Montana.
City — ." Rate Per Hour.
San Francisco 22 cents plus bonus
Brooklyn .20 cents
New York. . •• i 21 cents
Chicago 17 cents
Tacoma. ,....1S cents
This Is but an indication of a state of facts
prevailing throughout the i entire country-
The hours of labor are practically fixed by
the ¦ employes. No employe of this company
need work more than ten hours, unless he- de
sires to do so.' ¦ i
The primary object of this company has been
to secure the service of prudent, eareful and
sober men. ; and' our employes have been sub
jected to no discipline not deemed necessary to
achieve that result. Tha public will not fail
to appreciate the fact that our employes have
in their care the safety of the thousands who
dally travel upon our cars. v
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRAXCISCO
Executive Committee of Board of • Directors'
. . by GEORGE B. WILLCUTT. Secretary. '
VINING MAKES
STATEMENT TO
THE STRIKERS
COMPANY SAYS
HIGHEST WAGES
ARE PAID HERE
LONDON. April 20.— A "fire broke outsat
midnight last night in Hackney, a popular
suburb of London, in a printer's ware
house, three stories high, the top floor of
which was used for living rooms. A dozen
fire engines and escapes arrived promptly
at the scene, but the flames were of over
mastering power and it was impossible to
enter the building. When the flames were
finally under control, the charred bodies
of a man. two women and four children
v.ere found. •
S«ven People Perish in a Fire.
MAYOR REFUSES
V TO PUT POLICE
ON STREETCARS
A mass-meeting of the striking street
car. employes and their friends was held
last evening . at Metropolitan Temple,
when a report on the strike situation was
made .by R. Cornelius, the president of
the carmen's union; and \ speeches were
madeyto the gathering. . ; .
President Cornelius was greeted with
warmth and announced^ that the strike
situation was weft in hand and that there
was every .prospect. of winning the dis
pute with , their, employers. Cornelius
stated that though the strike had started
with but few men in the ranks of the
union, a complete tie-up of the car lines
had been effected within one" day, and
that nearly all the conductors, motormeu
and gripme-n had joined the union.
G. B. Benham made a speech.denounc
ing the'actions of General Manager Vin
ing of the United Railroads of San Fran-
Isco. and predicted that- the fixht would
result in a' victory for the employes. , . .
' Walter Thomas Mills delivered an ad
dress that consisted mainly of the propa
ganda of the Socialist party, with which
the speaker is, affiliated. _
Michael Casey of the "Board Of Public
Works announced that Mayor Schmitz
would stand-by the striking employes
and be - true ; to the labor organizations
that had made his election pos&lble. Casey
urged the strikers ] to \ refrain from any
demonstrations of violence, and assured
them that they had the sympathy of
every labor organization in San Francisco
and i the entire country, . ¦
. Considerably enthusiasm . prevailed dur
ing the entire meeting, and at its close.,
when the strikers were, urged to bo this
morning at the posts assigned them by
their executive committee and to be vigi
lant ; in inducing men. from taking the po
sitions vacated. - . •. • • ¦ .
METROPOLITAN
HALL SCENE OF
MASS=MEETING
After the surrender of Lee - Dr. Bard
returned to his old home, where he prac
ticed medicine until 186S, when ho re-
i Dr. Cephas Little Bard , was .born in 1
Chambersburgh, ' Franklin County. Pa.,'
Ion; April 7,: .1843/ •-.Inheriting; a,-tastc for
the 1 etudy of medicine— nearly all of^hls;
majternal ancestors^ being, physicians? and"
those on hte paternalTside being connected,
with I>rs. John arid Samuel Bard, fount!-,
ers 'of the College of Physicians and Sur-'
peons of New York-he early -determined
to devote himself to the medical profes
sion. After completing a course of clas
sical studies at the Chambersburgh Acad
emy he entered the office of Dr". A.' H.
Senseny. •-.' While "ho was an office student
the reverses of General McClcllanii'oc-,
'•oufredV'and? Dr.*,' Bard* "yielding; toiUpa
triotism and responding to the call' for
volunteers, enlisted as a private in Com
pany A, 126th Regiment of Pennsylvania
Volunteers. With that regiment he par
ticipated in the second battle of Bull Run
and those of Antietam, Frede'ricksburg
and Chancellorsville.
After his term of service had expired
h* attended lectures at the Jefferson
Medical College. Later he was appointed
cs sistant surgeon of Pennsylvania vol
unteers and again went to the front.
He remained with his regiment till • the
surrender of Lee. -¦ - • ... .. ¦ ;' - •,
Jt is worthy of note that Dr. -Samuel
Bard was General Washington's- physi
cian and that Colonel Robert Parker, Dr.
Bard's maternal great-grandfather, was a
colonel under Washington and from him
received special recognition for gallant
services.
The only street car line in operation yes
terday was the California, with its con
nections, v/hich include the Union-street,
Hyde and Jones streets. The employes
on these lines have no grievances and
they are in no way connected with the
strike. Business on these lines was un
usually heavy last night, and the pros
pects for its continuance during tho re
mainder of the strike are excellent.
> PEKING, April 20.— A post on the out
skirts of Newchwang, ... garrisoned by
forty Russians, has been attacked by
bandits. One Russian officer and four
privates .were . killed. , „-.,. ,,_,„,_ ._ ~
company, but when the Mayor demanded
a conference he said his powers to act
were limited and that he could not attend
any conference with the Mayor in the ab
sence of President Holland. The latter
pleaded illness as an excuse for declining
to confer with the Mayor last night. The
peculiarity of the situation puzzled the
Mayors but it has not discouraged him.
Another ' attempt- to secure - a - conference
will be made tp-day» ; ' .
- A protracted strike wilt "cause no end of
trouble to the workingmen of San Fran
cisco who work down town and who live
in the outskirts. Many of the employes ot
the Union Iron Works and sugar refinery
in the Potrero live at North Beach, while
thousands of clerks ln down town estab
lishments reside near the park. During
the continuance of the strike these people
will be compelled to walk to their places
of employment, in the absence of convey
ances, and return i to their homes by. the
same means. Many of these are insisting
that the. strikers, , having .demonstrated]
their strength, owe it to the public to re
sume operations and ! secure the conces
sions they demand while at work. It is
maintained that the company which.en
ters upon possession of its system May 1
would be willing, in the light of yester
day's developments, to meet tho men half
way in the Interests of peace and har
mony.
Bandits Attack Russians.
Present a Revised Version of "Cin
derella" Before Emperor Fran
cis Joseph and Suite.
VIENNA, April 20.— A companyNjf ama
teurs, composed exclusively of -members
of ;the Hnnsarian and Austrian nobility,
last night presented, at the private thea
ler o'the Royal Palace of cschosnbrunn, a
revises version of "Cinderella." especially
r.ritten for, the company by Baron Bour
going.." : j ..» - .<',' . «." :. ¦
The performance, which was given in
aid of Vienna, charities, was attended by
Emperor Francis Joseph and his suite,
the diplomatic corps, including Robert 8.
McCormick. the United States Minister at
Vienna, and the elite of Viennese socJetv.
There was a dazzling display of diamonds
and dress. • ' -
HUNGARIAN AND AUSTRIAN
NOBLES GIVE A THEATRICAL
VEHICLES WERE
IN DEMAND ALL
OVER THE CITY
With the death of Dr. Bard this city
and county lose a valuable citizen and one
beloved. by every one. He was known to
every : person • in , this section and all re-,
gardedhim as a personal friend. -As an
evidence of his great popularity, the fact
may . be cited that in Ventura County
there are numerous children named
Cephas, Little or Bard in tribute to the
doctor. ¦ There are also many persons who
were born here, but who have- since
moved away, who bear Bard's • name for
their siven name. ¦ ¦
On the first of last January the Eliza
beth Bard -Memorial Hospital was opened
to the public. This Institution was erected
by. Dr. Bard and his brother. Senator
Thomas R. Bard, as a memorial to their
mother. This hospital is eventually to be
given to-the city of Ventura. • : -
Dr. Bard had an exceedingly, large prac
tice, to which he was devoted. His-car
riage and his pet white horse "Kit" could
be Keen going night and day on his er
rands of mercy. - .
Dr. Bard was a prominent member of
the Grand Army of the Republic, the Mili
tary Order of the. Loyal Legion, of the
Knights Templar and other f ra'cernal ' or
ders.- ; '---- ' ' ¦ '•¦'- -:¦¦ :
moved- to this city, j He was ; the first
¦ American physician to locate here. "
In the first county election Dr. Bard,
having been' nominated for Coroner on
both tickets, was, of course, unanimously
elected. In the next general election he
v.-as re-elected. Dr. Bard . had served
(.terms' .aggregating '..twenty. . years- as
'-'County. Physician and Surgeon. He was
president of the Ventura County. Pioneer
.Society from the time it was organized.
Then he was president of the -Ventura
"County /'¦¦ Medical- Society.- He*' was 'also
County "Health Officer. ¦ He was an active
participant- in the affairs of the Callfor
'nia State- Medical Society and was presi
) dent of the State association' for a term.
At vkrious times he was a member df the
Board of Pension Examiners.
DISTINGUISHED CITIZEN OF
VENTURA WHO DIED AFTER
A LONG ILLNESS.. .
be induced t6, take a car from the car
house. ¦¦;.:. - • .--:
Following the Mission contingent came
the Castro-street car employes. Of the
eighty men - who held positions on the
Castro '¦ -line seventy-six -reported at
headquarters and. were initiated into the
union: -Just after the > Castro men en
tered the Temnle a report was received
to the- 1 effect that th.e Geary-street men
were hesitating v about casting their lot
with the" strikers. Chairman Henry John
sen called. for volunteers from the Mc-
Allieter-street carmen to go to the Geary
street ca'rhouse to persuade the . men to
help out' on the strike, but before the
volunteers had left the hall the' Geary
etreet men in full strength marched into
the headquarters. They were received
with loud' cheers.- .
The men from -none of the other lines
came in a body. *but individual employes
straggled into the headquarters until the
hail was crowded to the doors. The en
rolling¦'¦ of ..the men kept six secretaries
busy all day. and last night it was an
nounced that 2500 men had joined the
striking organization, whereas on the
nr$vibus' night, when the strike was com
menced.'there were but COO members. '
THE LATE FRANK R.; STOCK
TON, WHO WAS STRICKEN
., IN WASHINGTON. "
VENTURA, April 20.— Dr. Cephas
Little Bard, brother of Senator
Thomes R. Bard, and the most
beloved man in this section of the
State, died at 2:30 o'clock this
morning at the Elizabeth Bard Memorial
Hospital.. .
An operation was performed Thursday
for cancer, but the patient was unable W
rally.. Miss Blanche Bard .and Albert
Bard, , his daughter, and .son, .were at- the
I hospital when death, came. Flags are at
j hali. / mast j pver. the entire county and
i bells were tolled fifty-nine times, begin
! ning at the moment of death.
According to the wishes of Dr. Bard,
his body will lay in state for one day at
his late ¦ residence. The funeral will be
I under the auspices of the Ventura County
i Pioneers. The Rev. C. B. Rogers of the ',
¦ Presbyterian Church will conduct the
I services and the medical fraternity will .
select the pall-bearers. The body is to be
erenjated.r?. Because ~of ' the large number i
of persons who desire to attend the serv-.
icek,r they will be held in the hall.
! The- establishment of the hospital was
i the ambition of Dr. Bard, and h.e lived to
I see It opened on January 1. He was com
( pelled to go to bed within a week after
tlie dedicatory -ceremony.
Herr Plath, president of the North Ger
man Lloyd line. ' said' at the annual meet
ing of the'eompany, held yesterday, that
the company had acquired in conjunction
with Herr Krupp. an extensive coal field,
which it would soon begin to open up.
The Cologne Gazette, discussing: the lat
est statement3 of the London shippers re
gardirrir the shipping combine', says tho
conclusion. is legitimate that J. P. Mor
gan has acquired control of nearly all of
the British lines of steamera reaching
America and that' the~. organization of a
great shipping, combine, in the style of
the United States Steel Corporation, ap
pears to be Imminent. .
LONDON, April 20.— The barometer of
the Stock. Exchange fluctuated through
out the past week in response to every
fresh rumor of peace negotiations, but ac
tual business was comparatively limited.
The moat optimistic of the operators dur
ing the first part of the week proved also
to be the most timorous. The whole list
fell perceptibly upon Balfour"s announce
ment that a definite settlement in South
Africa had been, proposed in order to al
low the Boer delegates time to interview
the commandoes.
American securities attracted consider
able attention during the week. There was
not much trading, however, and this was
partly owing to the fear of a corner ia
Louisville and Nashville.
BERLIN, April 20.— The most active se
curity on the Boerse during the past week
was Canadian Pacific, whiv-n developed aa
extraordinary movement and was bought
heavily on London and New York ac
count. ...'¦¦ ,
The protraction of the peace negotia
tions in South Africa has, disappointed the
Boerse and is causing reserve-ta specula
tion. • \ . U:
Little Trading 1 .
erable Attention, but There Is
American Securities Attract Consld-
FOREIGN STOCK MARKETS
SHOW SMALL IMPROVEMENT
The Mayor stated during the afternoon
that he was arranging for a conference
with the officials of the railway company
and that he hoped to arrange a settle
ment of the difficulty within a short time.
. My investigation of the situation this after
noon discloses absolutely peaceful conditions
and very manly and peaceable sentiments
among the striking street-car employes. Should
trouble occur at any point from outside inter
vention It should be suppressed at once. -
Under no circumstances will violence be -al
lowed anywhere. -Yours truly. •• ¦•- ¦ '^ -.
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ. Mayor.
When Wittman left the Mayor's office
he carried with him the following letter
of instructions as his authority for re
fusing to accede to the- demands of the
railway people:
, SAN FRANCISCO. April 20. 1902. •
George W. Wittman, Chief of Police— Sir:
Should occasion arise assign every necessary
and available policeman for the protection of
all property involved In the strike and for the
maintenance of the ceace at all hazards.
It la not the dtyts province, however, to
detail her peace officers for special service* to
•Whatever may follow, I advise you earnest
ly to maintain your present peaceful and
manly attitude, and to occompllsh whatever
ends you have in view without infraction of
law or breach of 'the peace.
I beseech you also, one and all. to refrain
from the use of any Intoxicating liquor what
soever durirut the existence of present . condi
tions. It may not be- necessary to suggest it.
and I don't wish to interfere with any man's
personal liberties, but in times of leisure, ¦ en •
forced or voluntary. Indulgence in strovjs
drink is frequently the greatest cause of en
suing trouble, and often /leads to failure. Very
sincerely yours. E. E. SCHMITZ.
. Chief of Police "Wlttman held a long
conference with the Mayor, during which
the attitude of the police in the contro
versy was. discussed. "Wittman .reported
that President Holland . of the United
Railways Company had requested him to
place four policemen on each car sent
out by the company . with non-union
crews. "Wittman declined to entertain the
proposition until after he had consulted
with the Mayor. . ¦ »
The Mayor indorsed the action of Witt
man, and informed him that the riulway
company could not count upon the aid of
the police at a time when there was no
necessity, f oaf such Intervention. He. did
not believe the police would be needed in
any event, as all .reports made to him
'during, the day were, to tfie' effect that. the
strike was being conducted iin a most
orderly manner and without any show of
violence on the part of the strikers. If
the company could find men to take out
the ' cars they would not be interfered
with en route, j . -r
SAN FRANCISCO, April 20, 1902.
Street ."Railway Employes — Gentlemen and
Friends: I beg to acknowledge receipt of your
very kind invitation to appear before you and
to address you this afternoon. Being actually
engaged in- important public conferences I
shall not be able to come before you.
I congratulate you on the evidence of public
respect and esteem which your observance of
the law and your reeort to only, peaceful
measures have obtained for you.
to decline the request -to address the
strikers, but ¦ after the departure of the
committee he caused the following letter
to-be sent to the employes at their meet
ing in the Turk-street Temple:
Francis Richard Stockton was born in
Philadelphia on April 5. 1834. After grad
uating from the Philadelphia High School
he applied himself to wood engraving and
to literature,*" contributing illustrations to
Vanity Fair and other periodicals and is
sulng« a number of stories for children,
such as "The Ting-a-Llng Stories" (1869).
"Tales Out of School" (1S75), etc. He was
employed successively on the Philadelphia
Post, the New York Hearth and Home,
Scribner's Monthly; (afterward the Cen
tury Magazine) artd 9t. Nicholas.
The first of -his books to attract general
notice to him as a humorist of a new and
original vein was "Rudder Grange," pub
lished in 1879. This was followed by "The"
Lady or the Tiger?" "The Late Mrs.
Null." "The Casting Away of Mrs. Leeks
and Mrs. Aleshire," "The Durantes,"
"The Merry Chanter" and many others.
"Kate Bonnet," his latest book, ia having
a large sale at the present time.
Surrenders to the American authorities
of tmall parties of insurgents are re
ported daily, and these have Increased
since the recent surrender of ¦ the
infrUTgenl <Jeneral Malavar. General
Ruflno, with twenty-six officers and 375
.soldiers, has surrendered to the native
constabulary in the province of Misamis.
in Mindanao, where the constabulary are
co-operating with the military.
General Chaff ee has forwarded to Gen
ertil F. Franklin Bell the congratulations
6Pnt the latter by President Roosevelt
upon the recent campaign in L&guna and
Batangas provinces conducted by General
Bell. General Chaffee forwarded the Pres
ident's communication through General
Lloyd Wheaton, and in an accompanying
letter he expresses his great pleasure at
the receipt by General Bell of the Presl
dtnt'f congratulations. "No American
mops\" says General Chaffee, "have ever
before bocn charged with a task more
difficult of accomplishment. With an ex
ception in the matter of Terrain, onlv our
comrades in the island of. Samar have
campaigned under such difficulties. S;»
unique has been the situation in Ba'ntan
pasr and Laguna." continues General
Chtiffee in his letter, "that only a person
thoroughly familiar with it by actual con
tect can appreciate the conditions which
have been met and overcome, or fairly de
termine vhat were the best methods to
accomplish the objects, namely, the recog
nition of the sovereignty of ibe Unit€d
States and the establishment of peace
and order in the disturbed sections."
The United States Philippine Commis
sion has passed a law authorizing munici
palities to appropriate funds for combat
ing epidemic diseases. The cholera situa
tion shows no improvement. There has
been a total of SS8 cases and 300 deaths in
Manila, and £56 cases and 602 deaths in
the provinces. •---:.¦
General Smith claims that, to the best
of his belief, the officers and men of hi«
command la Samar had to face insur
mountable difficulties; that the hardships
they encountered were almost unbearable,
and that the treachery of the natives of
the island is uneqt>aled in the history of
warfare. He says that the American sol
diers acttd. tn Ihe circumstances, with
the greatest forbearance shown in the
war in the Philippines.
CtrnpaJgning In sSamar was not a pleas
ure trip, but a stern reality, said General
iSniith. He expressed doubt if the troops
of any nation in the world would or could
h£ve acted in Samar aa well as. did. the
Americans.
MANILA. April 20.— The United States
srmy transport Buford left here to-day
tor San Francisco, after having been de
tained in quarantine for five days. Gen
jcra'. Jacob H. Smith, who was in. com
mand of the American forces in Samar at
the time Major Waller is said to have
executed natives of that islan'd without
trial, was to have gone home on the Bu
ford, but has disembarked here. Orders
have been received here from Washing
ton to hoM a court of inquiry into the
general conduct of affairs in Samar.
TACOMA. April 20.— Three Granby
smelter employes, D. Kell^. F Kelly and
D. Lowe, were swept over the smelter
dam at Grand Forks. B. C. this mornins
in a small boat. Their escape from death
was almost miraculous. Dan Kelly and
Lowe received slight injuries.
The men were engaged in removing ar
tificial cribwork added to the top of the
dam during the low water season Acting
under the orders of Foreman O>e«fe.
they, proceeded to accomplish then- task
by working from a boat stationed just .
above the head of the dam and held in
place by a rope stretched across the river.
After some of the timbers had been re
moved their boat was carried through the
gap and snapped in two. Ihe three oc
cupants were hurled into the seething
waters below. Luckily each man was au
expert swimmer, and after being engulfed
in the abyss reached a rocky projection
several hundred yards below. Their fall
exceeded seventy feet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
on the Island Reach
Manila* ,'
Orders for a General Inquiry
Occupants of Broken Craft
\ Hurled Into Seething
Waters.
__ —ASHINGTON, April .20.— Frank
>\ )\ / R. Stockton,', the well-known
Yl/\V novelist, died suddenly here
V V this morning of. paralysis, re
sulting from a hemorrhage in
the brain. He was a guest at
the banquet, on k Wednesday .night of
the National Academy ? of Sciences,
when he was taken suddenly ill. The
ailment did not at that time appear
to be serious, and for a while the sufferer
seemed to be improving, but a. change for
the worse came this morning and death
occurred at 11 o'clock. By his bedside
when the end came were his wife,- who
was a Miss . Tuttle of Virginia, and her
si3ter. He was 63 years of age. The body
will be taken to Philadelphia for inter
ment. No further funeral arrangements
have been made as yet. -
Mr. Stockton has spent the past .winter
In New York and had done very little
literary work,, preferring to rest. After
a visit of nearly a month at Atlantic city,
he came to Washington, so that he might ,
attend the banquet of the scientists, in- i
tending then to go to his Beautiful home
in Charleston, W. Va. V. -
Harry A., Knox .told the' strikers that
he had received a message from Mayor
Schmitz to : the effect that an application
had been made to him by the railroad of
ficials for policemen to guard the cars,
and that he had refused. This message
was received with , prolonged applause
Knox exhorted the men to abstain from
committing the least violence and restrain
others from doing so,, .<
T. E. Zant, a representative of the La
bor Council, advised the car men how to
carry, on the strike and encouraged them
to have* faith in one another. He. spoke
of the qualifications necessary rfpr an ef
ficient railway employe, and declared that
they were ,-; men , upon whom a jrreat re
sponsibility was continually placed. He
declared that the . conditions .' were favor
able for the winning of the strike and that
public sympathy is entirely with the-men.
Speeches of encouragement were alsJ de
livered by William Cositely and Delegates
Willey and Marks ot the Labor Council. -
The members of the union are not sat
isfied with, having called from .work
the employes of the streetcar com
panies, but at the . meeting yes
terday the men ' were instructed -to
watch the different car houses and endea
vor to persuade outsiders not to operate
the cars. . .In doing | this . peaceful means
only are to be employed. A . .
, The.: principal portion of. the street-car
employes that remained with the com
panies and.. refused.- to strike . are bonus
men, who. by. reason of the length of time
spent in the service.are entitled to a high
er salary. • For ev ( ery five years that a
conductor, gripman "or motorman works
for the company he receives one cent ex
tryper hour. Men receiving this addition
to their pay are called bonus men, and are
distinguishable from the employes whose
term of service has not been so Ions. by
a stripe ;- sewed . on the- sleeves of their
coats near the cuffs.. Each stripe denotes
five years of; work on the streetcars. •
While a considerable portion of the bo
nus men have quit, still a number, and
especially the men with four stripes, have
been reluctant about surrendering the po
sitions which they . have held •¦ through so
many years, particularly as- to ¦ go "> on
strike is to jeopardize their bonuses. It
is among these men that the strikers were
instructed at yesterday's meeting : to use
their persuasion. > • .
PICKETS ARE' APPOINTED.
Harry A. Knbx' of , the Sutro line .an
nounced that the secretary of the United
States Mail Service desired to extend^ his
thanks to the union for- the manner -in
which the ; mail cara.had been permitted
to run.- , The announcement' was v greeted.
with \ cheers? -¦¦ KnoK^&hvwed this - com
munication with adyUe id ithe men hot to
hinder the mail service ¦, in any manner.
He also informed the men that they were
at liberty to work on the regular mail cars
at any time, but that the conductors on
such cars must not. collect fares. The
union was informed by. one of the strik
ers that the railway -^companies .were
transforming the ordinary passenger -cars
into mail cars by u merely placing signs
bearing the words. C"Unlted- State? '-Mail
Car on, the front atid/fear pf the 'cars.
The men>were~warhed"tliat they must not
accept positions on- any cars of this de
scription, except the Castro .Street "line,
which has no. regular mail cars."
The entire San Mateo line is tied up and
not even the funeral cars are allowed to
run. An appeal was. made yesterday
morning to President Cornelius to allov-'
these cars to be operated. He announced
to the meeting yesterday afternoon that
he considered -it' safer? not to grant the
permission, as f unreal: cars' are not an In
dispensable, necessity.- .y-^ • ¦
*.T Street, car. men cannot retreat. If you
attempt to --go -• back , now,.' after haying - left
your cars standing in the' streets, you will be
discharged .by the company- within the . next
six months. We of the „ Labor Council tried
to organiz^the railway employes about- a year
aso. but faiied. ,,. At that time I perceived that
among the. oldest ljien ln the eerviceuhere tw
isted" a deep : grjftvjincfr..again$t;the Companies.
5 ou arej.Jjggj^r tg^win^in lyftfe: strike, because
your grievance Afa >r"«3eeplyi ~. rooted. ' You <¦ have
the sympathy ?o.f»"^l»4>-"i»ill>I?<5i:and you '• ehouH
strive to malntaln"that: sympathy-by-conduct
ing yourselves in a gentlemanly manner.- . If.B.
few cars are operated by non-union men- you
should not mind that. Tou should remember
that it requires 35C0 men to ruir the street
railway cars of this city. ¦¦/.¦:.' '••">
WILL LET -MAIL .; CARS : RUN.,
nnt"#.rt«*M - n *i*. aId u tha^ the ' Labor Council did
mi n ™ 1 f r , thls the P r6 Per time for the com
«t tw nt u f a 8treet car strilte'.-I desire to
w«v. a Suc l a statement 1$ erroneous. A few
™™t? tt . g , * I^bor ; Council ' advised ; your
w^.Sk 6 * that '«t' did nor- consider that -it
would be proper to lnvolv* tMe street ear lines
5£»t» 8 *? lt . y ln a strtke. but conditions havfc
changed since, then, r If depends upon your
«??,?» m heth « r or not the labor unions ;of ; thl»
city will sustain you. IfthejMind that you are
in earnest - they will corfie forward to' asslat
you.. To most people /the railroad ' employes
n«vo already proved that they are thoroughly
In earnest. .•¦.;. ....... ¦.'.• .... ,.¦
The men were instructed over and over
again to_ maintain the peace and not to
attack the property of the railway com
panies, and especially riot to molest the
cars employed In the United States mail
service. -.A;, peaceful policy /was recom
mendedj:by,-Secretary Ed- Rosenberg of
the /Laborf Council,, and.-' Mayor: Schmitz
sent his secretary with. a, message to. the
men -advising, them . noVto commit any
unlawful act and not ,to become 1 intoxi
cated curing their, enforced idleness. --
¦¦• Secretary Ed Rosenberg in addressing
the union . practically promised the strik-
S™,,^. support of ! the Labors Council
th^A *vi y * an « otherwise in carrying -on
iii n n ra,. He sald the matter' would In
it!L?«J? al l I1 J& r be considered at the next
?l fnnf °? tne council; He spoke in part
MEN TOLD TjO KEEP PEACE
When the Mission street carmen arrived
at the Turk-street" Temple, . which has
been selected as -the headquarters of the
strikers, a scene of the wildest enthusiasm
prevailed. The Temple was already filled
with the conductors, motormen and grip
men, who made the hail ring again and
again with their cheers for the men from
the Mission. :The cheers were repeated
when; the from the Castro and
Geary street lines marched into the hall
in- bodies. -->--- ,-•_.;..-.,-.
- During, the entire day there was a meet
ing in progress at the Temple.' , The car
men vere/addressed by "representatives of
the Labor. Council, '.and plans were ar
ranged for carrying on the fight. It. was
stated before /, the contest -was - inaugu
rated that not more than one-third of the
railway employes -were members of : the
union, but yesterday hundreds of the men
went to the 'Temple and signed the r<511.
yair a score of -secretaries -were . kept
busy during the : entire day taking down
the names of "new members,* and; before
night the, Street Railway .Union had be
come one o,f the strongest labor organiza
tions.in ; the city. i-* :.-;•.-¦ - : - •¦-.-.-•.
ENTHUSIASM AT TEMPLE.
come regular members of the Street Rail
way Employes' ;unlon.
Un equaled.
General Says Treachery
of the Natives* Is
British Columbians Have
Narrow Escape From
Death.
SMITH DEFENDS
SAMAR CAMPAIGN
DEATH GOMES SUDDENLY
TO NOVELIST STOCKTON
Illness at First Regarded as Not Serious
Culminates in Paralysis, Immediately
Following a Hemorrhage in the Brain
DEATH ENDS THE CAREER
OF DR. CEPHAS L. BARD
Beloved Resident of Ventura , County and
Brother of a; United States Senator Passes
Away After a Long and Painful Illness
smm&Rs
HOLD BIG
I
Continued From Page One.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1902.,
BOAT PLUNGES
INTO AN ABYSS
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOHN J. FUI*T0N CO.
' . •' • ;¦•;*.' 'MagiC-V.. ¦¦¦';." . ' . :¦';''.
The *«7. Ealva-cea cure* pilev ; ... ... . -
I am sure your" medicine Is helping ma
andit's too bad such valuable stuff is so
far :away .' ' Get it out and let: the pjor
suffering devils get a chance ' at" It. It
was almost by accident I heard of it.
Saw it in a little Southern Texas news-
paper. Please let me. hear from you. as
I need some more medicine. - Yours sin-
cerely. . WM.-L. TAYLOR.
, Medical works agree that Bnght's Dis-
ease and Diabetes are Incurable, but S7
per cent - are positively recovering under
the Fulton- Compounds. (Common forms,
of Kidney Complaint offer but short re-
sistance.) Price $1.00 for the Brighfs
Disease and $1.50 for the Diabetic Com-
pound. . Jno. J. Fulton Co., San Francisco,
sole compounders. Office Mills - building.
Free- tests made ... for ; patients. Descrip-
tive, pamphlet mailed free.
¦ • ¦¦
Jno. J. Fulton Co.— Gentlemen: Have
you placed. your Diabetic Compound with
any firm In St. Louis or Kan3aa City yet?
I bought four bottles from you to Febru-
ary .while I was at .Excelsior Springs,
Mo.," am/ the 'express' charges on the box
were' 12 4O.-«BMMMBWMEBBMSBWi
Tt HE PEOPLE OF THE EAST ARKJ
1 beginning to learn that there Is real-
ly a cure for these dread diseases in Cali-
fornia, and shipments of the Fulton Com-
pounds are being sent all over the United
States. Agencies have within a month
been established in more than two dozen
Eastern cities and persons having afflicted
friends in the East can now be given ad-
dresses that will enable^them to get tho
Compounds to them within a compar-
atively few hours. \Ve have published
the names of scores of the cured here,
and the correspondence that is now be-
ginning to drop in from ihe East is of the
same convincing character. Here is a
sample letter from Kansas:
Burdette, Kansas: March 21, 1302.
Brialit's Disease and Dia-
betes Are Positivelu
IN KANSAS
DIABETES
Catarrh
Invites Consumption
It weakens the delicate lung tissues,
deranges the digestive organs, and
breaks down the general health.
It often causes headache and dizzi-
ness, impairs the. taste, smell and hear-
ing, and affects the voice.
Being a constitutional disease it re-
quires a constitutional remedy. .- ; ;-,>• 'y'
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Radically and permanently cures ca- 1
tarrh of the nose. . throat, stomach,
bowels and more. deiicatc organs, and
builds up the whole system.
No substitute for Hood's . acts like
Hood's. Be sure to get Hood's. .
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell. ¦
1901 TAXES-1901
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the
Eecond installment taxes on all property
must be paid on or before
MONDAY, Ihe 28th day of April. 1992,,
At 6 P. M.. f and that unless : paid prior-
thereto 5 per cent will be added "to the \
amount thereof. ' '
Positively no checks received after the
21st day of April, ISO*.- ,•¦'>' .
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH,
Tax Collector City and County of San
Francisco.
BADWAY'S RBAJOV RELIEF has stood
unrivaled beter* the public for 60 rear* &¦ a
1'iln Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly I
eur*s all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Kneummiim." . Neuralgia.
Hetfi&the, Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria asd all Bowel Pains. All drag glsti.CINCINNATI, April 20.— When theTcity
of Pittsburg'left CIhcInnatl'la8t',Wedhes-'!
day night for. Memphis she had thirty-one
passengers and a crew, of more than sixty j
men.- The local officers of the packet com- j
Tnie Extent of .the Disaster Can Only
Be Estimated. * >:"¦•'-
LISTS ABE INCOMPLETE."
.' STOCKHOLM.'rAprll 20.— Mass ¦ meetings'
in 'favor of universal suffrage\werej held
to-day ; in" all ' r the ; towns'of .; Sweden*-'' In'
Stockholm' the meeting was • attended withr
considerable disorder.,; The demonstrators
¦ tried'" to '.march-: to,; the 5 palace : of,:. King
Oscar. They were, charged by theipollce
and several of • them .were '.wounded. O th^.
era '.were arrested. The approaches to the
palace are now; guarded ' by .' troops> The
meeting atMalmoe.was attended by about
15,000 : persons. , Y ' "1 ¦¦¦".'.
¦¦ ' - ¦ ¦ **" - ; '. ' *' '- :-¦''..'¦?'''' ¦:'¦'•' ¦.
PALACE 1 OF -KINO -;OSCAB -
l: ; IS ' qtJABJ>EI) : BY-; TROOPS
EUREKA, April 20.— When the steamer
Alliance started to leave the .railroad
wharf at 11. o'clock to go to Haughey's
shingle thill i for .a 'portion of her .cargo,
her.'propeller refused to. turn. yThe steam
er was helpless and in that condition drift
ed across the bay until she brought up 'on
the anchors. Just as she grounded on the
soft mud. '- • ' ' -. .. . ¦;.. •: ,
-Frederick Wilkesoti,;. a diver, was em
ployed to make an investigation.. He dis
covered that the propeller arch -was com
pletely : blocked with a three-inch : Manila
cable wound around "the shait. He cut
through fourteen inches' of ' tne : rope - be
fore it could.be cleared. - . , ,
i Captain Hardwick - says when backing
away from the slip In San Francisco har
bor-he heard a; sound the
parting of a /rope. V He considers . it • prob
able that the •; steamer came . all : the ; way
. from San •¦ Francisco ~ to 'Eureka . with ' her
propeller fouled. - It, was not until the en
gines were reversed that the cable reveal
ed itself. ? She : had thirteen passengers
aboard.". ' ,' ¦' : !¦;•.-?'•' ¦ -- - • • - < ¦ -: -. ¦••.: — .
Alliance, "With- Thirteen Passengers
Abbord, Drifts on Mud in
' Humboldt Bay.
COAST STEAMSHIP
HAS , A NARROW ESCAPE
Since the breakdown of party power in
the House on Friday there has been al
most a panic. This has been intensified
by the duplication of this situation in the
Senate. Administration Senators are all
asking," "What can be done? /Will the
Cuban situation be duplicated on the
canal bill? Will not this session of Con
gress end in a colossal failure, which will
make defeat inevitable in the fall?"
- Men who have much to do with .mak
ing the policy of ' the Republican . party
declared that for, the time being Congress
had- got, into a position of antagonism to
the administration, and it was for the ad
ministration to step in and. assert itself.
They point out that the Republicans have
ceased. to have leaders in either branch
of Congress, and that the Democrats, who
have had no leadership for years and nO
fixity of purpose in a decade, are really
molding legislation. . .
One View of Situation.
In some quarters there is a disposition
to criticize the President and to throw
much of the blame upon him for the con
dition prevailing. Republican representa
tives said to-day that Mr. Roosevelt had
not been as firm as he should have been
in insisting- on giving a remedy for the
CubUn situation from the first. Instead
of that,. they said, he had— not once or
twice; but several times — declared ' that
the Cuban difficulty was not of his liking,
but was something he had Inherited from
the late President McKinley.
The color given to this was that the
President was : indifferent to the Cuban
cause and was seeking to get relief for
Cuba in ' a perfunctory way, simply be
cause the late President was committed
to it, and not because it was something
that was right and to which the national
honor was pledged. - %> ¦
No disguise is made of the reeling
among Republicans that the party, is In a
critical state. The Congressional commit
tee/it is said on good authority, is feeling
very nervous • and is looking to ! the na
tional committee to take hold of the com
ing Congressional campaign and help out.
It is doubtful if it can get any help from
the national. committee. The House has
from the outset of the present session
ignored the national committee^ Its ad
vice, whether given by Senator Hanria,
the chairman, or Postmaster General
Payne, the vice chairman, has -been Con
temptuously rejected. . ¦¦¦¦ ,
Passengers— Emma Smith. Paducah; A.
M. Allen and wife, Pittsburg; L. M. Mc-
Graw, Louisville; Mrs. Judge Mulkey,
Metropolis, 111.; Miss Tunnmeyer. Point
Pleasant, W. Va.; Margaret Bridges,
Louisville; Jennie Bessick, Lexington,
Ky.; C. K. Stations and wlfe^ Carey ville,
Ky. ; Miss Leach (badly burned).
Crew— Captain John M. Phillips, mas
ter: Captain Dana Scott, purser; O. D.
Phillips, second clerk; Ben Bridges, third
clerk; Harry Doss, pilot; Al Pritchard,
pilot; Clate Crawford, chief engineer;
Harry Caluson, second engineer; Arch
A partial list of those saved follows:
The steamer Maud Kilgore brought the
survivors to this place at 6 p. m., and the
several societies of the city rendered all
possible assistance in the way of cloth
ing, etc. s
Among those rescued are two women
passengers, who were severely burned,
but will recover. They are: Mrs. -S. R.
Leach of Bridegeport, Ohio, burned about
the hands; Mrs. Ellen Fenmore. Ar buckle,
W. Va., severely burned about the face.
The body of a child, dressed in night
clothes, was taken from the river at
Mound City.
SOME OF THE RESCUED.
The burning steamer was quick
ly headed for the bank. A num
ber of passengers who jumped off
the stern and tried to swim ashore
through the swift current were
drowned. Many perished in the
flames. Help, except from per
sons living.near by, did not arrive
until 2.30 o'clock this afternoon
and the passengers, garbed only
in their night clothes and without
food, suffered terribly.
passengers.
crowd, which interfered with"
those who threw water on the
flames, as well as with those work
ing with the lifeboats. Few could
adjust life" preservers or do any
thing else for themselves. Boats
from the shore took off numerous
¦ Just prior to the boat's departure she
underwent her annual .Inspection by Unit
ed States Inspectors Comeron and Fearn,
and was grafted first-class papers.
The following are known to have board
ed the City, of Pittsburg at Cincinnati:
John Allen, Mrs. John Allen,' their-ten
year-old son. Pittsburg; Sylvester Doss.
Cincinnati; Joseph Craig, Grand View,
Ind., grain merchant; H. Bruner, Cleve
port. Ky.; Mrs?. Arch Pritchard. Moscow,
O. ; Mrs. Al Pritchard, Memphis, Tenn.;
Sarah Prltcharrt, 11, her daughter;. Ella
Pritchard, 6, her daughter. - . ¦>
The Pittsburgh ' officers were: 'John M.
Phillips, commander: Dana Scott, purser;
Oliver Phillips. ¦ of Pittsburg, clerk; Ben
Bridges, Louisville, third clerk;' Arch
Schriber, Moscow, O.,> first "mate; Tom
Whltley. New Albany, Ind., second mate:
Harry Doss, Cincinnati, pilot; Al Pritch
ard, Memphis', pilot; C Crawford, Ironton.
engineer: Harry Clossen, Zanesvllle, sec
ond engineer; William Bolllnger, Cincin
nati, steward: Fred Rentz, Newport, Ky.,
barkeeper; .Harvey, Brown, Cincinnati,
steersman. -
The Pittsburg was built In Marietta in
lk»a, and was valued at $80,000. She was
300 feet long and eighty feet wide and was
owned by John M. Phillips and A. L.
Brahm of Pittsburtj- and Dana Scott of
Zanesvil'e. - Mrs. Phillips, wife of . the
commander of the steamer, and her son
remained here this trip, and shie received
a telegram from „ her husband to-night
that he was not seriously hurt during the
•fire. • - ¦ •¦ -
pany say that some of these -passengers
have since reached their 'destination, and
others had been taken aboard durinc the
past three days at points down the. river.
Some of the passengers were from Pitts
burg and other up-river points. Even the
names' of the passengers who started from
Cincinnati are not obtainable, as the only
register kept was in the purser's office on
the steamer.
Just preparing to go before the country
for the election of a new House' of Repre
sentatives. Apparently it will be 1830 over
again. How are we preparing for:it? We
Seem to have no leader. The Republicans
In the House are a leaderless mob. The
minority of Republicans there combine
with the Democrats, and that Is an end
The case of Mrs. Fannie McCallum'of
Leavenworth, Ind., is most pitiful. With
her three children she was 'going to
Caruthersville, Mo., v to join her husband.
She jumped overboard a'nd landed in the
boat, but her three children struck; tne
water and she saw them sink from. sight.
She is frantic with grief. The body of
the youngest of , the little ones was re
covered opposite Mound City.
-Another, sad incident was the loss "of
one of the children\of Pilot . Pritchard.
The little one was tossed from the burn-
Ing steamer into the arms waiting to
catch it in the. yawl, but its head. struck
against the side of the boat and it fell
into the river, and was lost. -
K Captain Doss, : who was drowned, was
an old river ; pilot. He , was making the
trip for pleasure with his son. Pilot Harry
Doss, and when his body was found a mile
or so below the wreck he had on all* his
clothing and a life preserver.- It-Is be
lieved . that he died from the : shock; »..-¦ .
Many passengers clung by finger tips to
the burning boat, with bodies submerged,'
until, overcome by fire or water; they
sank to death.
SEES HER CHILDREN PERISH.
At Caledonia, three miles below the
scene of the disaster, the flames could be
plainly seen, and the shouts of the pas
sengers heard, and, people put out in
skiffs to- the wreck. They assisted in
saving . some of the passengers. ; .
"After we had managed to get to the
shore fires were lighted and the poor men
and women and children," many of them
in their night dresses, suffering with the
cold and from their wet clothing, huddled
about the fires. Some were burned, but
more were badly bruised and cut by com
ing in contact with the wreckage. People
clung to shutters and anything they
could find to float on to shore, and only
a few succeeded."
"I hung suspended by my arms for a
while and was caught by a man who was
seated in the boat. By this time others
crowded Into the boat and filled it to'
overflowing, but providentially the flames
reached the ropes that held the lifeboat
and we dropped into the river before the
others could push their way into the boat.
The lifeboat commenced to drift back
toward the burning steamer. We had no
oars with which to steer the beat and the
men used their hands for oars. There,
were struggling men and women In the
river all about us on every side.
"I got on the boat at Metropolis to take
passage to Cairo. All of the passengers*
were asleep when I went aboard and I. at
once went to my stateroom and lay down
with my clothes on. \t must have been
an hour or more before I noticed a bright
light shinging into my stateroom. I im
mediately got up and opotaed the door and
saw that the front cabin was on fire. At
that moment the electric light went out.
I put on a life preserver and managed to
grope my way by the flickering light of
the flames to a door opposite. It was the
barber shop. Then I went further down
to another door, which opened out into
the guards. Few passengers were aroused
at this time and I. with others, climbed
out over the guards and down the rail
ing hand over hand over the lifeboats,
which were right below me.
MANY STRUGGLING- IN RIVER.
Mrs. Mulkey, wife of Judge Mulkey of
Metropolis, 111., boarded the City of Pitts
burg shortly before the disaster. She
said: *¦„¦¦•
BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
([ N. W., WASHINGTON, April 20.
ul* "Not in ten years has there been
'^i^ a time when the situation in na
\ tional politics was so threatening
for the ¦ Republican party," said a very
prominent Republican to-day. "We are
Schreiver, first mate; James Chriss, sec
ond mate; L. E. McGowan, second baker;
Fred Rentz, barkeeper; James Neville,
Dayton, Ky., carpenter; Arthur Shelfy,
Buckner, Ky.; Mrs. Pritchard.
Turn to the President.
"Exactly^the same situation prevails in
the Senate? There is no leader, and a few
Senators who. were elected as Republicans
stand ready to form an alliance with the
Democrats — if, Indeed, the alliance has
not ¦ already' been S formed — to overthrow
the. policy, of the- administration and bid
defiance to party authority. How is it to
end? Unless the big men of the party
come to . their senses it will end in dis
aster after disaster and the loss of the
Presidency In 1904."
1 These expressions are only in line with
what can be heard -whenever two or three
.-leading ¦ politicians v"get together. . . The
gravity, of the situation Is growing. /The
sentiment for a tariff. Democratic unity
and Republican discord— that is the situa
tion in a nutshell. . •
of party, responsibility and party disci
pline. ' ¦;. .- . y . • -. . , " . ,\ \
PROBABLE MINISTER TO HAV
ANA, AND TWO OPPONENTS OF
THE CUBAN BILL. , :'A'-} - »¦
SEATTLE, April 20.— The plans of the
War Department relative to the dispo
sition of the hospital ship Relief, now at
Shanghai, have been changed. A' few days
ago Instructions : were sent to the local
quartermaster to advertise for bids for
the purchase of the vessel. A dispatch
was received yesterday, however, that for
the present the department has concluded
not to sell the Relief. The intention. now
is not to dispose of . her until a suitable
vessel has been obtained to take her
place. She was lately repaired at a cost
of $30,000.
Ship Relief Not to Be Sold.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N. W..
WASHINGTON. April 20.— Several hun
dred military prisoners confined at Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas, are awaiting with
impatience. the decision of the Supreme
Court In the case of Peter C. Deming, for
merly, captain in the subsistence depart
ment of the volunteer army.
Deming was courtmartialed and found
guilty of embezzlement, forgery and con
duct unbecoming an officer and- gentle
man, and is now serving a term at Fort
Leavenworth. The Circuit Court of Ap
peals for the district of Kansas ordered
that a writ of habeas corpus in behalf of
Deming issue and that he be discharged
from custody. This action waa based upon
Deming's claim that he was tried by of
ficers of the regular army Instead of vol
unteers. ¦ Because of the bad precedent es
tablished by the decision and Its effect
upon several hundred prisoners, the .War
Department determined to appeal the case
to the Supreme Court.
Lieutenant-Colonel E. H. Crowder, who
has been given charge of the case, has
Just filed with the Supreme Court his
brief, in. which he asks that the judgment
of the Court of Appeals be reversed. Lieu
tenant Colonel Crowder asserts- that the
history of early legislation in respect to
the army establishes that its object was
to prevent officers of the Federal army
sitting in the trial of officers or soldiers
belonging to troops raised under the sov
ereignty . of the States. The second vol
unteer army raised for the Philippine In
surrection was authorized by an act of
May 2, 1899, and was the army to which
Deming belonged at the time of his trial,
conviction and sentence. Lieutenant Col
onel Crowder contends that the' effect of
the act was to invest the volunteer army
raised under Its provisions with » charac
ter essentially different from that of the
volunteer armies of previous wars and to
assimilate . it to the regular army, to the
extent of taking it out of the designation
of "other forces," which appears, in the
following article of war, the basis of Dem
ing's apllcatlon for a writ of habeas cor
pus: • ...
"Officers of the regular army shall not
be competent to sit on courtmartlal to try
officers and soldiers of other forces." •
Lower Tribunal. Holds That Court-
Martial Should Not Have
Been Conducted by
Regulars.
Offenders of Volunteer Army
Await Action in the
Deming Case.
Insurance men are positive that the fire
on Fisher Lane was Incendiary and the
Police and Fire departments are strongly
inclined to believe that all were due to In
cendiaries. - '
~ While the Dorsey fire was ln> progress
a fire broke, out on.Lamar* street and
twenty buildings were destroyed. Half of
them were business houses and the re
mainder, boarding-houses and dwellings.
The Griffith Lumber Company is one of
the principal losers in that section of the
city, where it is estimated the loss will
aggregate $150,000, of which Griffith & Co.
sustain JSOjOOO. - , . - ... • ' : '-
The loss of the Keating Implement
Company is not accurately known. About
a. dozen smaller mercantile- and manu
facturing establishments were desrtoyed.
¦ While the two big- fires were, raging ¦ a
third one broke out- in the residence dis
trict at Fisher Lane, in South Dallas, two
miles distant, which destroyed 'four cot
tages worth $20,000. ' f- . - , :
DALLAS. Tex., April 20.— Two persons
were fatally Injured and a property loss
of $370,000 ; caused by several fires which
occurred here shortly. after 3 o'clock this
morning. At that hour an alarm was"
turned In from the Dorsey printing estab
lishment, and several other alarms from
different parts of the city were turned in
In quick succession. After fish tins ihs
fire for two hours .Chief Magee was pros
trated and the command was turned over
to an assistant. The Chief was rescued
from the flames by the police and was
unconscious for several hours, but was
r later reported out of danger. Fireman
Will Spurr was struck in the face with a
brick and fatally injured. A young son
of Chief Magee was found on the floor of
the engine room at. the Central station
with a . fractured jskull. It Is supposed
that the lad attempted to slide from the
bunk room to the engine room on one of
the Iron poles used, by -the firemen and
fell to the' floor below. He probably will
die. '. : - . v v-,
The :Dorsey Printing Company's plant
"was totally destroyed, the loss being
about $200,000.. - .
- • . - . . . ¦ • . •¦>< -
Police Authorities Believe
That Incendiaries Are
at Work. V
Likely to Release
Hundreds.
Supreme Court Decision
Many Valuable Buildings
in Dallas Are Totally
;^Destroyed. . .
MILITARY
PRISONERS
TO GO FREE
FIRE FIGHTERS
ARE KEPT BUSY
BREACH BETWEEN THE REPUBLICAN
FACTIONS IN CONGRESS WIDENING
Split Over the Cuban -Bill Only a Forerunner of; More Serious
Dissensions That, Unless- l^eade
Interests, May Place the ; Rational. Ticket in Jeopardy '. in M 904
WILL ENTRUST
QUEEN MOTHER
WITH REGENCY
Dutch Cabinet to Meet
To-Day to Discuss
the Situation.
More Hopeful.
Phygicifns of Wilhelmina
Profess to Be a Shade
Boyil Patient Retains Consciousnt
bat Is Still Very Weak, as She
Has Taken but Little
Nourishment.
THE HAGUE, April 20.— The condition
of Queen Wllhelmina is pracUcally un
changed. She does not lose conscious
ness, and has taken a yttle more nour
ishment.
The Prince Consort and the Queen's
physician left Castle Loo for a. short
time to-day. This is regarded as a fa
vorable sign.
LONDON, April 21.— The Dutch Cabinet,
cables the Brussels correspondent of
the Standard, will meet next Monday to
discuss the regency, which will be en
trusted to the Queen's mother.
From Castle Loo the correspondent of
the Daily Mail wires that Queen Wll
helmina's temperature remains at 103 de
grees, and that no complications are
teared before next Wednesday. Her Maj
esty's physicians, continues the corre
spondent, profess to be a shade more
hopeful.
To illustrate her Majesty's conscious
ness Saturday, it is related that, remem
bering that that day was the Prince Con
sort's birthday she ordered the baking of
certain cakes for distribution among the
children of the royal household and the
school children of Apeldoorn. The Queen,
r sa.ys the correspondent, is incapable of
taking any nourishment except beef tea
and other fluids, and these only in small
quantities. The Dutch doctors are puz
zled at the failure of the court physicians
to discover typhoid fever earlier. For
some time previous to her breakdown last
Monday the Queen lost her rosy color and
complained of headaches. Once, recenUy,
while sketching in Loo Park she fainted.
The correspondent goes on to say that
the present deplorable situation has by
no means added to Prince Henry's popu
larity. The sluggish Dutch press, ab
sorbed in Boer affairs, devotes amazingly
small space to the subject which en
grossed the nation's attention. No news
paper has yet devoted an editorial to the
Queen's health.
"I have just learned," adds the Daily
Mail correspondent, "that her Majesty is
enjoying a refreshing sleep.
"Prayers are being offered in all
churches to-day for Prince von Wied, the
son of the late King of Holland's sister.
He is mentioned as a possible successor
to the throne in the event of her Majes
ty's death.
"Looking at the palace amid the beau
tiful spring scenery it is difficult to be
lieve sinister rumors which are ailoat. At
an adjoining table in the hotel sit General
Roessinger, the Queen's _ secretary, and
other household officials, chatting mer
rily, as if in contradiction of the disquiet
ing rumors."
GUATEMALAN CITIES LIE IK RUINS
Continued » ~i Page One.
Ian was one of the most unattrac
tive irttbe republic. Both towns
were nestled in the main Cordil
lera and were about fifty miles
from the Pacific seaboard.
Quesaltenango was handsome
ly built and well paved. The
town had a richly decorated
cathedral and a magnificent City
Hall. The residents devoted most
of their attention to the manufac
turing of cotton and woolen fab
rics. Their town was 115 miles
northwest cf Guatemala City.
Amatitlaivs unattractiveness
was due to the mud huts which
housed io.coo inhabitants. The
latter consisted principally of in
dustrious mulattoes and Zamboes.
Amatitlan had pretty surround
ings. The town was built by
the lake of the same name, one of
the principal bodies of water in
the republic.
Guatemala has not been as
much a sufferer from earthquakes
as from volcanic eruptions. The
latter comprise several sad chap
ters in the history of the republic
and twice destroyed leading cities
of the country. There are about
six actiye volcanoes in Guatemala,
the most noted being the Volcan
de Agua, or Water Volcano
which destroyed the city of old
Guatemala by a deluge of .water in 1ML
The second Guatemala City, often called
Antigue, was destroyed by the same vol
cano in 1774, and the town built on the
ruins Is now a comparatively unlmportani
place.
The present city of Guatemala, twenty
four, miles distant from Antigua, waB
founded in 1775.
GO TO CONSULT
WITH THE BOERS
General Meyer and Party
to Lay Peace Terms
Before Them.
Delegates at Pretoria \ Have
Full Power to Complete
Negotiations.
BALMORAL, Saturday, April 19.—Gen
eral Lucas Meyer, commander in chief of
the Orange Free State forces,' State Secre
tary Reitz of the Transvaal and the other
members of their party arrived here last
night and this morning proceeded to the
north. They were accompanied by a Brit
ish escort, and it is their intention to con
sult with the J3oers in the field.
PRETORIA, April 20.— General Dewet
has gone to Heilbron, Orange River Col
ony; Genera.1 Botha, the Transvaal com
mander in chief, has gone to Vryheid,
Transvaal; and General Delarey, together
with Steyn. ex-President of the Orange
Free State, has gone to Klerksdorp,
Transvaal. They have arranged to meet
the Burghers at different rendezvous
and submit the British terms. It is be
lieved the^. Transvaalers will everywhere
accept the terms,, as they are in no way
anxious for a winter campaign. The only
difficulty likely to occur will be, it is
thought, with the Orange Free Staters,
many of whom are expected to prove re
calcitrant.
In the meantime there will be no cessa
tion of hostilities. The delegates are ex
pected back to Pretoria the. middle of
May, and in anticipation of their return
they have given orders here for new
clothes, provisions, etc.
LONDON April 21.— The Pretoria corre
spondent or the Standard cables that
there is good reason to believe a tentative
agreement has been arrived at which will
prove mutually cordial and lead to an
early cessation of hostilities.
The Utrecht correspondent of the Dally
Mail says it is recognized there that the
Boer delegates at Pretoria have full
powers to negotiate without reference to
the Boer leaders in Europe, who have no
real influence on the peace negotiations.
GENEBAL WARREN REPLIES.
— — * ' I ' '
Objects to Buller's Criticism of His
Conduct at Spion Kop.
LONDON, April 20.— General Sir eharles
"Warren gave out a communication to-day
In response to General Buller's stinging
criticisms of his conduct at Spion Kop.
This evening, however, he requested the
newspapers not to publish the communi
cation. - -
General Warren's statement simply ex
presses his hope that the ¦ Government
will publish the complete documents re
lating to Spion Kop. He asserts that the
dispatches as published in the white book,
considered by themselves, cause unjust
reflections upon himself : and his com
mand. ¦ *
LONDON, April 20.— The Parliamentary
committees created by the Trades Union
Congress have been urged to call a gen
eral meeting to protest against the impo
sition of the tax on corn.
The trades union bodies are passing res
olutions to the effect that this tax is a
departure from free trade principles,
which departure has not been before the
electors of the country; that it will In
volve burdens double the amount of reve
nue it will produce, and that it will bear
heaviest on the poor. ,
The bakers of Liverpool will announce
a rise of a penny in the price of four
pound loaves to-morrow.
At Liverpool last week the Imports of
meat from the United States, as com
pared with the preceding week, showed
3000 fewer, cattle, 6000 fewer sheep, 11,000
fewer' sheep carcasses and 14,000 fewer
quarters of beef.
SCORES DIE IN FIRE OH STEAMER
Continued From Page One.
3
THE SAN FBANCISQO GALL,^ MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1902.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT.
THE WORLD'S MEDICINE.
FOR ALL
BILIOUS and NERVOUS DISORDERS,
Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion;
Disordered Liver & Female Ailments^
Prepared only by the Proprietor, Thomab Beecham. St. Helens,' Eng.-, and
-. . »J5 Canal Street, New York. Bold every where in boxes. 10c. and S5c.
" " ¦ : ' - ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ "'
'¦ ThanSan Frnncluo Tentl-
- mony? • '
Make a mental note of It. ; •
This man is well known Jn San Francisco.
His , veracity is; unquestioned.*
You are reading local evidence.'
Investigating home . testimony.
San Francisco news ; for- San Francisco
• 'i ''people.- 1 - '.j ' ¦ ¦ -^/ ; .
It's not- f rom Maine or Montana; •
Suspicion car.'t, lurk around. it." ,
Honesty is, its best characteristic. . . •
Homeindorsement Its salient point.
; ¦J.-E.;Plainon(ion of J. E. Plamondon &
Co.,. manufacturers' ' agents, groceries,
cigars, tobacco,' tine --"Stationery, . laUies"
and gents' furnishings, • S Eighth street,
says:."Typholdand malaria'fever brought
on kidney complaint some, ten years ago,
oriat least," left my. kidneys affected, ren-
dering , the-^ise of medical , appliances I nec-
essary '.at times. Physicians advised an
operation, "but I would 'not consent to, it
as ¦-¦ 1 1 had ] not sufficient faith in surgery
and not.a'great'dealinmedicine. It was
only, through'- a' rather/convincing, state-
ment' I ' read ' in ' the '. newspapers that - 1
was>- Induced to go • to' the»No-Percentage
Drug Store. 949 'Market street, for Doan's
Kidney. ?Pills • and - try ? them. '-. I was sur-
prised at. the result. I cannot gaugethe
future'antr positively .'state that there will
,not-be,'a- recurrence, -but; this I canvcon-
scientiouslylsay, ;they removed the-diffl-'
culty.-If -they, had not I could not.be in-*
duced •'.. to , . .recommend ,._ the ».- preparation,'
neither.: would I ¦ have . mentioned the mat-
ter to-more. than one personal friend.-. -
¦'.' For ' sale by,: all. dealers ; '.price' 50 : cents,
Foster-Milburn Co.,* Buffalo,. N.rY.r sole
agents'' for: the U. S. ;' _ . '. -
.1 Remember; the : name— Doan r &^-and taJce
no i substitute. ~. '*•': > ,"v .;.
WelpUt ¦ or Be More Convincing
Can Any Be Stronger. Carry More
HOME TESTIMONY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'¦ ; . I ' ¦ ¦ - ' 1
<f^ B^«Is fin S«9 '^ a^?V b9 Iff Tfj ! j b^^ r^~l^^^4&&3f&
Are models of the tailor's art. '
They not only fit perfectly, but /^^^^J^3i
give the figure a special air of )^*^^^.
grace and elegance. That is one j^^^^ StfflA^M
of the individualities of the Keller
tailoring. ¦ Other tailors charge §H07^ \1|l Wwf
from seventy-five to one hundred \§k I W*
dollars for suits of approximately >™Nk g0
.the same grade as our $50 suits, s^^J//P l /Vw
and yet that high-class. look and #my / T
that subtle charm of, dignity and Ml. I I
richness are not present as they M 7 / I
are in the Keller $50 suits. It's ¦ /w/ / f
all in the tailoring. There is snap /oc/ ' I I
and style in the Keller garments /$/ * / I
that are characteristic and which jfw/ I I
. discriminating and tasty women /^/ / S
'¦> The fabrics used in these /jh / | S
suits are latest seasonable f^/.~ I ' l\
weaves in Broadcloths, Jrte/ I W
Venetians, Scotch '¦."'"'-'J^jJ^^y ' '¦ ' "-1 ? W
Tweeds j Cheviots and - \ y \wV
Panne Cloth. -^1/ " ;^^5^^W^ /£ / vK:
We carry a large line of the J^ B '¦ / Mr '/, \g&
latest and most exclusive rtov- & / #%/ '/. \
cities in imported Madras, Ox- fffiOT _r$S S -5 I -^ S%£y, '///Vpik
fords nnd Cheviots, in our Shirt VKffifsC -== =2= W^^ "/ki&T
AValFt Department. We sell '&£?> 'SS?^
the goods or make up watsta to J^^**^0ii£S>?^fe y! -^amfcrr- -^r
order at reasonable prices. '^Xygf*Hify^mKiJ>lmM^ir
I 1028-1030 MARKET ST., San Francisco. Also Oakland
A luxurious up-to-daAe train traveling* 1/
throvK»k interest itv<?" old-fa.sl\ioned plajceus \ ¦;
ChicaLgo in. three dzxys t^.At the burial of Wade" Hampton the "funeral car"
was driven by. a negro 85 years old who was born a
slave on the Hampton plantation,' played with the
general when both were children, was his body servant
for many years and is still living on the Hampton
place. This is one of the illustrations of the strong
affections which existed sometimes 'between master
and slave in the old days.and which did much' to miti
gate the evils of the slave 'system.
accepted, and eight torpedo boats, due be
tween February and November, 1899. are
still at the contractors' yards. The six
submarine boats are also far behind time,
being from 99 to 60 per cent completed,
although they were due between April and
October, 1901. ' Slow progress is made on
the five battleships, six armored cruisers
and three cruisers contracted for in Jan
uary. February and April, last year, no
start having been made on two battleships
and one cruiser. This evident inability of
private shipyards to undertake additional
work for naval vessels tarnishes the best
argument for building ships at the navy
yards. Contracts between the Government
and private builders are of no practical
value and while individual enterprise
should be fostered and encouraged there
should be a limit to the present "dog-in
the-manger" policy which concedes - no
rights to the Government. .
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Prunes stuffed with aprlcot3. Townsend's.*
This week. 81 Fpurth st., front of barber
and grocer. Best eyeglasses and specta
cles, 10c to 40c. . •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. baa
£SHvA nIc e Present for Eastern friends.
C39 Market st., Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's). 230 Call
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Some Chinese medicine escalating «f
monkeys' toes boiled down and hardened
by being buried underground for a num
ber of years figured in a police court case
at Shanghai recently.
'¦". ¦ ¦ ¦ » '»
What you pay for extracts is important, but
what you get is ten times more important. Bur
netfsVaniila costs more because 1C» wortb more.
.who believed they had relatives
among the unfortunate crew have awaited
an authoritative announcement of names,
for it quite frequently occurs that trans
fers to other vessels are., made or - that
sickness or other causes prevent some of
the ship's company from i joining 'their
.vessel. The Condor left Esquimau Decem
ber 2, 1901, since which nothing has "been
heard of her, and boats and other relicts
picked up indicate beyond all reasonable
doubt her total loss, .with all on board.
Not until March 27 did the Admiralty give
the names of the ship's company, which
includes eight officers,'" eighty-five- crew
and eleven marines, a total of 104. . ;
Some rapid reconstruction work is be
ing done: at. Danzig, where three armored
coast ' defense ships,^ Beawulf . . Hlldebrand
and Heinsdal, have been docked and are
being lengthened. : The alterations are to
be completed 4 by July ;1' in order, that the
ships mentioned may participate in the
naval maneuvers. ' .
• ¦ ? , »
The armored cruiser Prinz Heinrich was
placed in commission at Kiel' March 11
last. Her keel was laid December 1, 1898,
and the launching took place March 23,
1900, making - a little \ over" thirty-nine
months to > build and complete the -ship.
The ' Prinz Heinrich is of . 8880 '¦ tons ' and
20.5 knots speed, ; closely approximating
the Brooklyn in our navy. The latter was.
begun August 2, 1893,^launched , October 2,
1S95, and placed > in commission > December
1,'1896,'maklng her period of construction
forty- months.'; The slight 1 difference: in
favor of the German ship built five, years
after | the 1 1 Brooklyn j does I not indicate
greater expedition in turning out war ves
sels,: as ; improved methods of doing, work
have I been ¦ introduced since ' the ; Brooklyn
was -built, which German"' shipbuilders
THE British Admiralty is criticised
for its delay* in publishing, the
names of those on board the ill
fated sloop-of-war Condor, j Many
do not appear to have used with due ad
vantage. The delay in the United States
in completing warships within contract
time is due to other causes than that of
inability. -
•' '¦« ' •.-•'•
* Torpedo-boat No. 223, recently launched
at Cherbourg, is the first vessel of that
class built at a Government yard, all the
previous boats having been built by con
tract/ .
The French armored, cruiser Conde, of
10,000 tons, 20,000 horsepower and 21 knots
was launched March 12 at the L'Orient
dockyard. Her keel was laid April 1.
last year, and the ship was. therefore,
less than' twelve months on the; stocks
There are five vessels of this type . and
Identical in all.- particulars except in
boilers, and three of them are being built
in dockyards and two by contract They
have triple-screw engines, and will cost
in round numbers $4,600,000 each.
The Secretary of the Navy has recom
mended the construction or three battle
ships, two armored cruisers, six gunboats,
three picket boats, three nailing training
vessels, one collier and four tugboats, but
the backwardness of vessels contracted
for three years ago and not yet completed
is likely to greatly reduce' the proposed
naval Increase. Such shipyards as are
able to undertake contracts for armored
ships are busy with mercantile work and
are doing it within the specified time,
while Government work is being carried
on without any regard to compliance with
time limits in its contracts. < The latest re
ports of . process made in the work on
new ships dofa not indicate an earnest ef
fort on part of the builders to com
?i e^ e - th £ ir 'contracts.. The battleships
Maine, Missouri and Ohio, to be delivered
in June, 1901, are only 87, 60 and 58 per cent
completed; the four monitors, due on con
tract in March last year, range from 91 to
81 per.- cent:- six cruisers of the Denver
class, to be turned out by. June > next,
stand from 78 to 42 per cent. None of the
sixteen destroyers, to .be completed be
tween February and June, 1900, have been
Many /Persons Who Relieve They^ May Have Relatives on Board Are Much Vexed at Not
Being Able ; to Obtain Definite Information.
If that theory of the disturbance be correct, the
situation is much, more dangerous than it would be
were the rebels nothing more than the survivors of
the Boxer insurrection. The Boxers represented the
reactionary sentiment in China, the superstitions and
the ignorance* of the lowest classes of the popula
tion, but Sun Yat Sen. represents the progressive sen-
The leader of the rebels is. said to be Dr. Sun Yat
Sen, who is known as a progressive Chinaman. He
is the son of a rich merchant in"Honolulu and was
educated there and at Hongkong as a physician. He
has spent much time in the United States, Great
Britain and in Continental Europe and is in sympathy
with western progress. Some years ago, while living
in China, he was suspected of conspiring against the
Dowager Empress and fled for his life. It is believed
that while in this country and in England he managed
to raise a large sum of money, for revolutionary pur
poses; and the belief receives confirmation from the
report that he is the agitator and the leader of the re
bellion which has now become so formidable over a
large part of the huge empire.
Only the most meager information has been given
out concerning the situation. Up to this time the
troubles have been confined to Southern China, and
it has been suggested that' they are but spasmodic
outbreaks of the Boxers, whose members in the re
mote provinces have not learned of the lesson admin
istered in North China and around the capital. Were
that the case it is not likely the movement would be
of much significance to the world, but of late a new
theory has been advanced to account for the troubles.
It is said by some close students of Chinese affairs
that the leaders of the rebellion are in no wise asso
ciated with the Boxers, are not opposed to foreigners,
but are fighting for the purpose of overthrowing the
Government and establishing a genuine-Chinese ad
ministration in place of the "Tartar dynasty that now
holds the throne. ,
DISPATCHES from Canton to the effect that
the rebels are reported to have captured Nan
Ning, an important city in the province of
Kwang-si; that the telegraph wires between Canton
and cities in the disturbed provinces beyond Wu
Chow have been cut and all communication inter
rupted, confirm former reports that the rebellion is
much more serious than the Chinese Government has
been willing to admit. % Of course, where definite in
formation is denied, there always arise exaggerated
rumors, but after making every allowance for exag
geration, it is evident the disturbance could not have
been so long* continued nor coujd have involved so
wide a territory had it not been caused by something
much more like a formidable rebellion than a mere
insurrection. ;
Possibly it may strike the average American that a
mere fancy dress ball was not worth the expenditure
of so much talent and labor as this display evidently
required. It must be remembered, however, that any
thing worth doing at all is worth doing well. ¦ /The
significance of the festival is that it shows how France
achieves and maintains . her artistic supremacy. She
plans for it and she works for it. She is never willing
to let anything having an 'artist'ic suggestion fall into
botch work., She. does not leave. to< 'amateur patrons
of art the conduct of art. matters. Doubtless her art
costs her deaf, but she, gets her reward from the na-:
tions that are not so wise as herself in that respect;
and so even from a pecuniary standpoint the Garvarni
festival will probably prove to have been" immensely
successful, not only' for the monument fund but for
all Paris.',,;.-; \','-;\'; ' %'{, . : \ ;./r 1 ' ' - .. .'
The object of the festival was that of raising money
for the erection of a monument-to Garvarni.s.When a
masquerade was decided upon the arrangement of it
was not ieft to the hazard of individual fancy in the
selection of costumes. The artist Gerome was chosen
to direct the costuming, and he had the assistance of
a committee" of fifty of the foremost painters and
sculptors, in France. Under their direction 4890 per
sons were dressed in appropriate costumes, each rep
resenting one, of. Garvarni's caricatures. Among the
conspicuous figures were 200 actors and actresses of
the French stage, who represented kings, queens and
courtiers. A distinguished group of.artists and liter
ary men presented the characters of Balzac, Berlioz,
De Musset, George Sand, Victor Hugo, Rachel, L,a
martine and, in short, all the notables of Garvarni's
time who were pictured in his works. Finally the
entire corps de ballet, of the Opera and the Opera
Comique, dressed as white pierrots^ formed a special
ballet to enhance the glory of the general display.
PARIS has just been giving the world an object
lesson in the art of arranging a masquerade,
and has done it in a way that has excited the
admiration of all beholders and enabled space writers
to make a huge sum of money by sending accounts
of it to the outer regions of civilization. As an illus
tration ol how to do artistic things artistically instead
of amateurishly, the festiyar seems to have been bril
liantly successful, and to that extent is= interesting
even to persons who are utterly indifferent to ordinary
functions of the kind.
THE CHINESE REBELS.
A PARISIAN FESTIVAL.
Germany's infant colonies are rather costly, for,
according to a recent statement, the total annual reve
nue of the eight "protectorates" under the rule of the
Kaiser is only $2,000,000, and the Reichstag has had
to vote $7,500,000 to support .them. Even at those
figures, however, the Germans have no right to com
plain. The Philippines alone cost us a good deal
more than that. . ¦ ',
The Republican clubs at San Jose commend
ed the economical administration of Governor
Gage and in the same paragraph passed up a
bouquet to the last Legislature, commending
also Us economy. Now, Gage vetoed all the
measures passed by the Legislature as far as
he could, and he was at open war with that
body. If the one Is commended the other
must needs be condemned, and the reverse.
But the San Jose convention was equal to the
emergency, and j throwing the record out of
doors, it calmly commended both the execu •
tive and the Legislature for one and the
same thing, wherein they were acting on lines
directly opposite. .
Eakersfield Calif ornian (Dem.):
Contra Co'sta* County Paper (Dem.): .
It was certainly a very slick piece of po
litical manipulation. In 'the first place the
convention was packed full of Gage delegates,
who.mlKht or might not stand^an .Investiga;
tion as to credentials. Then the hot air
professors stirred up a lot of loud enthusiasm.
Then the harmony flute was played and the
hyonotlzed delegates .were made to believe it
would be rank treason to the G. O. P. for any
one to say one unlovely word about any one
else. Ontfe under the spell, the suggestion
that there should J)e no disagreeable scrutiny
of credentials found ready acceptance. Then
the anti-Gage men x woke up to find them
selves in a heavy minority, with the result
that they became cbwed.- Then came the let
ter -of the Governo", statins that as he con
sidered It in decidedly bad taste for any can
didate for the gubernatorial nomination to be
present he would stay away, thus making hia
opponents for the nomination appear cheap.
Stockton Mail (Dem.):
The indorsement of Gage's administration
by the convention was a . conspicuous example
of the faint praise that damns. The plank re
ferring to the Governor reads as follows : • •
"We commend the able, economical and
CRITICISM OF BRITISH ADMIRALTY FOR ITS DELAY
IN PUBLISHING NAMES OF MEN ON ILL-FATED CONDOR
fearless administration of the Republican Gov
ernor of California, Henry T. Gage, and we
commend the economy and conservative course
of the Republican members of the Legisla
ture acd the efficiency of the other State
officers." . ' . . '
An attemot was made in, the committee on
resolutions to insert the word "warmly" be
fore "commend." but it was voted down by a
vote of 12 to 7. If the vote in the committee
may be taken as an index of the feeling of the
convention the Governor's friends were ln_a
hopeless minority. • Unless the machine can
rally a greater host at the convention wh'oh
will make the nomination, Mr. • Gage's doom
is sealed.
The resolution of commendation is an inter
esting study. It praises Gage for fearlessness
and economy and lauds the Reoublican mem
bera of the last Legislature for economy and
conservatism. Now, the Governor's alleged
economy consisted of vetoing a great many
appropriation bills passed by the Legislature.
If he was economical the Legislature was ex.
travagant. If the Legislature was conserva
tive and' economical the Governor was a po
litical trickster, vetoine needed appropriations
in order to secure a low tax rate and thua
making a demagogic play to the people for a
re-election.
The Fresno Republican declares that nobody
who helped write and nobody who voted for
the resolution expected It to be. taken by any
body as .meaning what it says. This is a
frank confession, but what else could an hon
est man say?
Merced Sun- (Dem.):
The fight Is on In the Republican camp, with
Gage against the field. About three-fourths of
the Republican papers In the State are against
Gage, and they are saying he is unfit to be
Governor, and ought not to be nominated. But
Gage has the push behind him. and it's dollars
to doughnuts he will get the nomination. The
bosses are for Gage, and the bosses always con
trol Republican conventions. Ordinarily the
bosses .would be afraid to nominate Gage,
with sentiment so firmly against him in his
own party, but they are depending upon. 'party
loyalty after the nomination Is made. ¦¦
Colusa Sun (Dem.):
Perhaps there has never' been a' man Gov
ernor of any State in the Union so universally
condemned by the people of all parties as
Henry T. > Gage. Nearly every newspaper ol
his own party la opposed to his nomination, and
yet every one expresses a fear that he may
get It. The Fresno Republican closes a column
of scathing invective with the following sen
tence: "But they cannot afford to indorse, nor
to do anything less than positively to disclaim
responsibility for the administration of Henry
T. Gage, by the grace of Democratic blunder
ing and Republican misunderstanding- Governor
of California.
Fresno Democrat (Dem.):
i i The Herald of Los Angeles, which U one of
the very few Republican papers in the Stata
supporting the candidacy of Gage as Governor,
had black-letter headlines over the report of
the league convention, 'reading, ' "Administra- •
tlon of Gage Is Heartily Commended." Tne
language of the .resolutions, relating 'to Gage
was as brief as it could be made short of ignor
ing him, and the words were these: "Third —
We commend the able, economical and fearless
administration of the Republican Governor of
California. Henry T. Gage." In point of fact,
the proposed qualification of the commendation
with the word "warmly" was eliminated by a
committee vote ot 12 to 7, with 6 absent. Bat
of this there is no intimation in the Herald.
•And so his Excellency, after the adoption of
the resolution?; simply found "himself damned
with faint praise. '^ . . . , . ..
San Benito Advance (Ind.):
The coming municipal election at San Jose
will have a great effect on the gubernatorial
campaign. In the appointment of Mackenzie aa
Harbor Commissioner Gage made a direct bid
for the delegates from Santa Clara County to
the State convention. The appointment aroused
all the slumbering . hostility to Mackenzie and
his political methods. Greeninger is Macken
zie's candidate for Mayor, and every effort la
being put forth by the Good Government
League . to encompass his defeat. The league
has the assistance of the two newspapers, the
Herald and Mercury, : which pour hot shot dally
into the Mackenzie camp. It also has the as
sistance J of that faction which has remained
loyal to Jim Rea, who was dethroned by Mac
kenzle. All signs at the present time point
to the downfall of Mackenzie, and If this be
accomplished a delegation hostile to Gage's
nomination will be 'sent to the State convention.
The appointment of Mackenzie -was a political
mistake that will probably result in Gage' i
withdrawal from the canvass, or defeat of. nil
ambition. ¦ .
Following are some expressions of opinion as to Gage that are taken, from the editorial columns of Democratic
and independent newspapers: - - • ,-.; • ',.'.'» ,,!,..'„
ing a candidate for Governor gather in tha
delegates. -
"We cannot' imagine the circumstances under
which a complimentary resolution not secured
through pood will, • but only . by, shrewd con
vention management, will go far toward help-
Oakland Enquirer (Ind. Rep.):
THERE was not much feature to trade last week.
The important staples showed little change,
there was no particular activity in speculative
arcles, and aside from the Cuban legislation in Con
jress and the proposed formation of the hardware
rust, with a capitalization of $120,000,000, there was
rery little to attract attention. The country's bank
Jearings showed a loss of 16.7 per cent from the cor
-esponding week last year, with New York, Boston,
Philadelphia, Pittsburg and Baltimore in the column
>f losses. At the same time, however, tbre aggregate
:learings amounted to $2,541,841,000, the largest for.
nonths, which would apparently show a gain instead
if a loss in the country's business for the week. The
ailures were 261, against 203 last year.
The staples showed more or less irregularity. Sugar
;nd coffee were weak, the latter declining to within a
lixteenth of the lowest record. Footwear shipments
bra the New England factories fell off, but most of
•hem were running on fair orders, principally for fall
ielivery. There was a good demand for woolen
foods, and continued activity in iron and steel was
•eported. Provisions, notably hog products, butter
md eggs, advanced, while beef and hogs were distin
fuished by the highest prices and smallest receipts for
rears. Wheat went up and down, being purely a
veather market, but the general tone was firm. The
*inter wheat is undoubtedly suffering from continued
Iry weather, and in the Southwest, according to all
•eports, not over half a crop can be raised, even with
iavorable conditions from now on. The crop in the
Korthwcst is reported all right, and there has been
jo serious damage in the Central West The exports
jf wheat and flour for the week were 4,118,000 bush
;ls, against 5,306.000 for the same week last year. The
.mposition of an import duty, of about 3 cents per
bushel by the British Government produced little,
tffect in this country, as it was generally agreed that
•jreat Britain, and not the United States, would have
:o pay the duty, and that it was the Britons' funeral,
aot ours. The railroad earnings continued to make a
jood showing, having thus far in April increased 6.9
per cent over 1901 and 16.3 per cent over 1900. Build
ing operations all over the country are reported more
tctive than for a decade, and lumber, steel structural
:naterial and builders' hardware are in urgent demand
!n consequence. The jobbers and retailers all over
:he country reported an active demand and continue
:o send in better reports than the importers and heavy
wholesalers.
The condition of * the crops is now the leading
; eature in California. It is about this time of the year
:hat the business community wants to. know how the
:rops are likely to turn out The prospects continue
jxcellent, but though the rains have come along all
right thus far, some sections are reporting a deficiency
of moisture and a crust on the surface of the ground.
"Tiis is especially true of the hay sections, and, while
>-.e crop in any event will be ample for all ordinary
/-;eds, it will probably not be as enormous as was
anticipated a month ago. One or two varieties of
iruits, too, are not looking quite as well, owing to the
jnusually cool spring, though the season has thus far
oeen singularly free from frost and no complaints of
my kind are heard from the fruit-growers. It is too
tarly yet to make any predictions regarding the grape
md wine output Taken as a whole, the crop,pros
pects are as good as they ever were at this season and
much better than the average, and no scarcity in any
thing is yet apparent. .
New York has been so much gratified over the
eistt of Prince Henry of Prussia that there is. now
i movement on foot to ask the Prince of Wales' to
tome over. It seems that every time royalty strikes
ihe city there is ~ such a rush of visitors that there's
millions in it. ' r
GENERAL TRADE GOOD.
VIEWS OF DEMOCRATIC AND INDEPENDENT PRESS.
MONDAY ...............APRIL 21, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS/Proprietor.
Address AH Cozamc&ieaUoni U W. 8. LEASE, Kuigtr.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
LsYl for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Tern* by Mall, Including- Postage 1
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 65c
BLTCDAT CALL. One Year 1.50
(VEEKLY CALL, One Year X.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies 'Will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
,j<? insure a prompt and corrject compliance with their request.
J AKL A N D OFFICE 1118 Broadway |
C. GEORGE KROGXESS,
XiMger Foreign Advertising. Karquettc Building CkUftgO.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK" CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
¦
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
5TEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
-
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel.
IVASHIXGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., fi. W.
MORTON E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
SRAXCII OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9;30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
How far the Southern men who favor protection
cah.be induced \o support the new movement, re
mains to be seen.^ It will be remembered that dur-.
ing the Cleveland free trade agitation 'tKe. Sputhern
ers aided him vigorously during the- campaign, but
after] his election some of the ablest of the Southern
Senators refused to support the Wilson tariff. The
Southern people, in fact, are suffering from the
effects of unnatural politics. They. have allied them
selves with Democracy when their industrial inter
ests are bound up with Republicanism. It is high
time for them to put an end to such a condition of
affairs, and should the reorganizers carry out the
free trade movement there will be a good opportun
ity for them to redeem their States from the Bour
bon alliance.
Almost simultaneous with the announcement of
the executive committee there appeared in conserva
tive Democratic papers of the East a strong clamor
for an anti-tariff .campaign. It seems almost as if
they, were acting in concert, so promptly did one
after another take up the chorus. Repeated efforts
were made in Washington- to get the party to make
a free trade demonstration, and while they were by
no means successful, the spirit of the movers has not
been dampened.
Referring to those abortive attempts the Washing
ton correspondent of the Boston Herald says:
"There are a sufficient number of conservative Dem
prats who desire to, advance the tariff > issue to the
front and to couple it with' an anti-imperialist plank
to make the nucleus of a new Democratic organiza
tion. They' feel that it is absolutely essential that
those members and leaders of the party who want
to face toward the future . shall definitely separate
from those who are determined to face to the rear.
They would be gladif the Louisiana and other mem
bers who insist upon supporting Republican prin
ciples 'should frankly declare themselves to be mem
bers ot the Republican party. At present their only
use in politics is as assassins of Democratic policies.
Their natural leader is Mr. Gorman."
• The chairman of the Congressional committee,
Mr. Griggs of Georgia, is reputed to be a Bryanite,
but even if that be so the victory is virtually in the
hands of the. opposition, for with such an executive
committee in charge of th*e ; work of the campaign
and handling the sack tHe Bryanite chairman can be
hardry more than a figurehead.
The completeness of the victory- for the reorgan
izers in ¦ the recent struggle in .the Democratic Con
gressional;caucus; is made, evident by the P men se
lected for the' executive -committee to manage the
approachingi Congressional' campaign. The commit
tee is to consist of Benjamin T. /Cable of Illinois,
Lewis Nixon and Daniel S. Larhont of New York,
Richard Olney of .Massachusetts, David Overmeyer
of Kansas and Thomas -Tagfgart' of Indiana.
DESPITE the development of a strong protec
tion sentiment among the Democrats of the
Southern States, the dominant element of
Democracy seems determined to ally the organization
with theNorthern free-traders and make a fight this
fall and in 1904 upon the tariff. ,';
A TARIFF^ CAMPAIGN.
The Board of Public Works .has created another
sensation in local official_ circles. Through the
agency of the City Attorney the board has been in
formed that it possesses more power than it at first
supposed. It probably will take its- customary re
venge upon the peopled of 'the city.
Santa Barbara Independent:
Friends of Senator Thomas Flint who are
most interested in his fight for the Republican
nomination for Governor . claim ' that if tha
State convention ¦ were to be held to-morrow
Mr. '•• Gage could not muster sufficient strength
for a ¦ renomination. ." They offer the following
figures to prove this assertion : /
Tirey L. Ford having announced his with
drawal from the race for Attorney General,
the candidate of the State machine will be
Arthur G. : Fisk of San Francisco.
Auburn Republican:
- Lieutenant Governor Jacob H. Neft is being
favorably mentioned as the probable ¦ presiding
officer of the Republican- State convention. To
Republicans who favor a truly representative
leader of the party no man in the State will
be more acceptable than Neft. His record is a
spotless one, marked by long devotion to Re
publican principles, unflagging zeal and inter
est to advance the party, free and untram
meled in his actions, true to his convictions,'
firm . as adamantine, and commanding esteem :
and confidence throughout the State.
Pomona Times: ¦
¦ Dr. Hilgard's letter lays him open to the
severest criticism in several particulars, but
we'll -point to only a few. He knows that a
fertilizer control- law is for the protection of
the tillers of the soil and makers of honest
fertilizers, and . not for Governors nor State
educators, however upright and Honorable they
may be.
In face of the fact that ' several . thousand
fruit growers and soil tillers, who have learned
by actual experience what they need and what
will benefit them, and who urged the Governor
to approve a bill that In some measure, at
least, would meet their wants, it ill becomes
Dr. Hilgard to say they don't know what they
want and that/ what they asked for Is worse
than no law at all. : A great many of the fruit
growers and tillers of the soil are highly edu
cated men, with chemical and other knowl
edge obtained by experience, and Dr. Hilgard
knows this to be^ true; yet he seems to glory
in having induced a Governor to withhold (not
veto) his approval of a bill, though not per
fect, which they Implored him to approve.
' Dr. Hilgard said he would warn Professor
Cook to do or not to do what? To avoid doing
the very thing he (Dr. H.)' did in the Pomona
Institute meeting, viz.: inject partisan, politics
into it. .Whatever Dr. Hilgard may have
meant in this manifestly partisan letter to a
partisan of Governor Gage, it betrays a dis
position to domineer over Professor A. J. Cook,
a subordinate to him in the university em
ploy, 1 but one of the ablest of educators, fair
est of men, best of citizens, and a man whom
it is an honor and pleasure to know, also a
man who ' used silent diplomacy to avoid dis
cussion of Dr. Hilgard's manifestly partisan
paper — a paper, which, according to his letter
given herewith, "exonerates Gage fully so far
as the last session Is concerned'.'; a paper that,
taking- Dr. Hilgard at his word, should have
been excluded from the institute, because of
its defense of a candidate for Governor.
Perhaps the university is forced to do poli
tics; if it is It ought to be fair enough to let
others do, without its criticism, what they will
do anyhow — try to defeat Gage's renomination,
and falling In that try to defeat him at the
polls, a tribunal where citizens may freely ex
press their wishes. . •
. As to Senator Currier, he Is a fruit grower,
a general farmer, and a man whose public and
private character cannot be smirched by sucn
undefined allusions as Dr. Hilr»rd makes, nor
by any of the Gage-Burns partisans.
Fortuna Advance:
The Call states that George A. Knight is
Elated by the friends of Governor Gage for
chairman of. the Republican State convention.
The Call Is making a heavy fight against Gage
and will, of course, oppose Knight. Lieutenant
Governor Neff will be Knight's opponent for
chairman of the convention.
Ontario Record-Observer:
There are a few papers in the State with
temerity enough to openly espouse the cause
of Henry T. Gage for Governor to succeed
himself.- The editors of some of these very
few papers are already beginning to rear up on
their hind legs and rend the air with violence
because the other papers, having ooinions ot
their own. do not coincide with the few.
Those paDers that choose to trail with the
Burns-Gage crowd are welcome to do so; no
one Is going to try to stop them. The papers
that are maklne Gage's fight should be en
couraged to whoop It up as loudly as. they
can— they'll need all the bluster they can
scare up. But bluster will not make votes,
and the voters are tired of the in
cumbent, and if the party must put up this
man'] name again the quiet thinking citi
zen will see to it that some other man gets
the vote that will land l»:m In the Governor's
chair. Give us almost any one — but not Gage.
Bed Bluff Sentinel:
Honest primaries are a death blow to boss
rule, and if delegates to the Republican State
Convention are so chosen Governor Gage will
find how much he is despised by the people
for betraying his office into the hands of the
bosses. The Gage papers, which are very few and
I far bttween, are making a desperate effort to
belittle the opposition to him, which is grow
ing like a swelling tide, and it is a question
whether his name will ever go before the Re
publican State Convention.
Santa Ana Herald: •
A few weeks ago there was a /beautiful and
simultaneous editorial smattering among sev
eral papers of the State in favor of the renom
ination of Governor Gage. Of late the chorus
has been strangely subdued. What's the mat
ter? Waiting for grease? It seemed like a
well-developed case of mind reading or wire
less hypnotism before. All the papers unbur
dened themselves at practically the same time.
Funny, wasn't it? ¦ ;. .
Pinole Times:
»The San Francisco Call tells the truth and
shows plainly why Gage should not be reseated
In the gubernatorial chair which has been pol
luted by Ma actions since occupying the seat.
Humboldt Standard: .' » .
The northern part of this State will be enti
tled to the Republican nomination for Governor
after Mr. Gage retires; in fact, it is now enti
tled to it. The region south of the Tehachapi
has had the only Republican Governors who
have held the office during the past sixteen
years and it also now has one Senator. If,
for any reason, Mr. Gage be not renomlnated,
the Governor's office should come to the north
n e O ra n beUer Governor V B. B.|Bd—
of Siskiyou. Tlrev 1*1 Ford
HMH
Governor why not Hnmboldt claim the Bom
ws&Hks srssssafwss
tarv of State? If we never ask for anything at
th^handa of the State convention we may be
sSrethTt those honors will not be. thrust upon
us. *•
Fresno Republican:
California Is a Republican State and this t»
a year. California wants a Repub
lican^ Governor and Is entitled to have one.
Tnt only way to get a Republican Governor Is
to wdtat. responsibility for <he un-
Republlcan administration of Governor Gage.
Jlarysville Eegister:
Editor Mellck la a courageous, honest. Chris
tian gentleman, and as member of the Assem
bly three terms he made a clean score on every
matter of importance. He resides only a few
miles from the home of Governor Gage and he
is on friendly terms with the gentleman. Hia
Judgment we have faith In, particularly so in
the matter here referred to. Boss rule means
rule or ruin, and Mr. Mellck possesses the cour
age as a Republican to. warn the party lead
ers that a nomination at this time forced by
the bosses means ruin. ¦' -•¦
Selena Star:
The Napa Register takes a position against
the renomination of the Governor which la
logical and conservative. That paper deems it
Inadvisable and poor politics to nominate a
man upon whom the party is divided. The
Register will support Gage, however, should he
be nominated. That the party is divided on
this important- political problem there can be
no question. Can and will the factions unite
should the aspirations be realized? This ques
tion should be thoroughly canvassed before a
nomination- Is made. ! Politicians may nominate,
but it is the people who elect. Let no mis
j take be made. , , .-.
y^—X MINOUS echoesiof dissatisfaction with even a Temote prospect of Gage s renominatton mO st'
/ . \ heard from all over the State. The leading Republican papers in every quarter P a P er^ 1 the Repub-
I - •- I hearty support in his first fight "; for the Governorship, are now with one impulse warn ing_ v .^
V / Hcans in California that it would be disastrous to the party should Gage again be to f ce^-^ ToseCO n
>-^. leader! The trickery and deceit by which his henchmen endeavored to impose upont ne £* J fa ,
ventionhave been exposed and excite the wrath of Republicans and ridicule of Democrats. Ine cau aper3>
lishes some of the scathing comments of the.pres's of the State. These excerpts are from all classes o 1 *** #
showing 'clearly : that- partisan prejudice is not guiding to conclusions as to Gages unfitness as leaucr *- (
Republican newspapers comment as 'follows: „.„,•',„»!• «.« n -
Denunciation of His Methods byi the Press of California,
;--;,;.•¦¦:, Irrespective of Politics. |§;
The plan is a good one and is in excellent hands.
It deserves well of the public and should have uni
versal support.
The benefits to be gained by a general acceptance
of the plan and co-operation with the committee are
that the number of charity solicitors, will be dimin
ished and merchants will be . less . frequently ap
proached by them; that those who are worthy will
carry with them a guarantee which will entitle them
to a hearing, while the unworthy will have no such
indorsement; that the various charities of the city will
be led to the adoption of business methods; and,
finally, as the Review says, "there will be established
in the. community a group of person? whose interest
'is not confined to any one benevolent.' institution and
whose effort it will be to bring into an organized
system the hitherto unorganized charities of the city."
It is to be borne in mind that the indorsement of
the committee is not designed to be a recommenda
tion that money be contributed nor a request for
support, but solely as a certificate that the purposes
and methods of the society asking contributions are
worth}' of support from all who- choose to give it.
That much having been effected, the protection of
the community from unworthy charity solicitors will
be ample provided the liberal and charitable people
of the city act in harmony with the plan and refuse
contributions to any charity solicitor who does not
bear credentials from the indorsement committee.
The plan having been submitted to the members
of the association, it was approved by 489 out of the
500 members who took enough interest in the sub
ject to vote upon it. Thereupon there were ap
pointed to represent on the "indorsement commit
tee" — the Merchants' Association — Andrew M. Davis,
Horace Davis and John F. Merrill. From the. Asso
ciated Charities 'there were appointed Osgood Put
nam and Miss Jessica Peixotto. These members met
and completed the committee by the selection of Her
bert W. Lewis and Rev. D. O. Crowley as repre
sentatives of the charities at large.
As a means of working toward the desired end it
was proposed by the committee that there be estab
lished a charities indorsement committee made up of
three representatives from the Merchants' Association,
two from the Associated Charities and two persons
identified with charities at large, the latter two chosen,
in the first instance, by the other five members; of
the committee; and that the members individually be,
asked to give only to those organizations which
should be indorsed by this central committee.
The statement, which was written for the Review
by Katherine C. Felton, gives a brief •account of the
efforts made to devise some plan which would insure
adequate support to the legitimate charities of the
city, while making impossible the continuance of the
illegitimate and the inefficient. The methods which
have proven successful in other cities were carefully
considered by a committee appointed by the Mer
chants' Association, and the conclusion reached that,
"while the establishment of a central fund is the end
to be worked for, the time is not yet ripe for it."
SOME time ago The, Call had occasion to ex
pose the operations in this city of a professional
"charity promoter" and to point 'out the -evil
effects of tolerating that class of professionals. , In
cidentally, in the course of that exposure, it was de
veloped that a considerable number of persons make
a large private profit for themselves by "preying"
as it were upon the charitable instincts of the people.
At that time The Call urged the merchants of the
city to take some steps to protect themselves and the
community from the activities of such persons, and
it is gratifying to note in the April number of the
Merchants' Association -Review an announcement of
what has been done to that end.
CAGE IS UNFIT TO LEAD
REPUBLICAN PARTY IN STATE
CHARITIES INDORSEMENT.
Civilization has an interest in the subject, for any
great success on. the part of the rebels might lead to
another intervention of the great powers and renewed
efforts for the partition of the empire. We have had
one experience of what that sort of thing means, and
that is enough for this generation of Americans. •
timents 'of the people. He would draw his support
from the more intelligent and more energetic classes,
and [would be afar more antagonist to the
Government than any that has risen'against it since
the famous Tai-Ping rebellion.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1902.
4
fO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscribers contemplating: a change of
residence daring: the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses by notifying: The Call Bnsinesr^Offlce.
This paper will also be on sale at all ilaimer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all town* on the coast.
Alcazar — "The Two Escutcheons."
Columbia — "David Garrick."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Giand Opera-house — "The Empress Theodora."
Fischer 1 * Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California— "Captain Lettarblair."
TivoIJ — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "A Child of Fortune."
Oak'.ar.d Racetrack — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
There are two kinds of happiness — one tempo
rary and the other permanent. All vice Is due
to attempts to get temporary, pleasure, which
is but a short cut to happiness. The better
kind is that which leaves room for more and
is found only in the pure heart and a clean
nervous system. The basis of that happiness
it to do something.- Indolence, gambling,'licen
tiousness and vulgarity are the open doors
through which all vice comes. Man should be
not only true to himself, but true to the man
who is coming after him. He should form such
cleanly habits in his youth that they will leave
no ill effects in his after life. Then only will
he know what constitutes true happiness, for
which he must ever strive to attain. ,
Coast Surrey charts, except when a minus ( — )
eign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of referenco Is the mean
ot the lower low waters.
The kingdom of God is in fact the clean
brain and pure mind that a child has. If a
man keeps that purity and cleanliness ay his
life, then truly the kingdom of God is with
him. This consists in retaining the cleanliness
with which God sent us out as little children.'
When we feel that way we are able to realize
how the Redeemer could liken his father's king
dom to little children when he asked that they
be allowed to come unto him.
Temptation in itself is not a very nice thing,
but it is in the conquering of temptation that
we gain so much strength and* improve the
cleanliness of our soul. There is no Joy in life
so great as the conquest of some evil habit.
¦\Ve turn weakness Into strength when we learn
to say no to: the voice of the tempter. The
men that become bad cut- across • lots to gain
what to their minds is happiness. Crime con
sists in doing wrong to others; vice In doing
wrong . to " ourselves. Some men start out to
hurt themselves; then they hurt others and
thus they fall out from the vicious to the
criminal class. • "
Dr. David Starr Jordan, LL.D., presi
dent of Stanford University, delivered an
interesting lecture last night at Bethel A.
M. E. Church on the subject, "The
Strength of Being Clean." Dr. Jordan
prefaced his remarks ( by an allusion to
the men of the colored race who had
achieved distinction their having
led pure lives: He argued that true suc
cess in life and the hope of a happy here
after lies in a man being clean of heart
and mind. Continuing, Dr. Jordan said:
Church on "Strength of
Being Clean." •
Lectures at Bethel A. M. B.
Dr. Jordan Says It Is
Found Only by Pure
Hearts.
MEN MUS T SEEK
TRUE HAPPINESS
For two hours the important question
was* RvritqtPti »-»stil > ni«- in th* unanimous
verdict that the question ,bc held and no
action taken until the r headquarters of
the Chorus Girls' Union in New York ran
be heard from. In the meantime, the
girls, thoroughly indignant, will continue
to smile while the lights are on, but will
grind their tefth in the dark and breathe
vengeance against managers.
"Who Is that little, weazened creature
who failed to respond? Bouncer. ; show
her the. door. We want only interested
members to vote on this."
"All the same I don't, hang my stun
ning shape in the dressing-room after
the show and go down O'Farrell street
like an animated lamp-post."
"Hussey, you — "
"Girls, are we to stand this insult?"
interrupted a pretty girl just from New
York.- "Must we furnish, our life his
tory in order to carry an old tin spear?
Most serious of all, will We submit to
this tyranny which would compel us to
give public evidence, without doubt a
sure sidetrack to any moneyed chap upon
matrimony bent? I say. let us strike
first. All those in favor of strike say
'aye.' " ¦*
"Say, Maudle, were you there when the
Egyptians built the pyramid?" :
"No; and I didn't come over in the
ark, either. Ilk > a certain peroxide bute
not more than a mile away."
"What's that? " You're going to give
In? Goody; 1 see your finish— they'll send
you to the Old Ladies' Home."
"You needn't talk; you'd go to the
museum, and i that's no Joke, either."
"Such tyranny!" "Nasty old things!"
"Find out my right age? Well, I guess
nit!"
. "For reference, huh! Not while I'm in
my right mind." -
"Well, I'll resign before they get me
to—"
After due consideration a special meet-
Ing was called Friday night by the chair
man of the Chorus Girls' Union, which
was organized here a few weeks ago,
and during the rally the age question was
handled in a spirited manner, the sub
ject being . argued both pro and con,
weighing the good of this, the evil of
that, resulting at last in a unanimous
and decided "Never!''
To the female chorus: 'Objections have been
made by a number of the chorus girls to give
their correct age's. As this rule is Imperative,
that the age of every girl must be Inserted In
her contract, you are requested to Immediately
give your age to the management before tu
morrow night, otherwise your contract will be
canceled.
A new rule at Fischer's Theater has
caused consternation. Merry maidens
must tell their age! A general strike is
in : contemplation among me frout-iow
fairies in consequence. The cause of the
trouble is this: Some of the New York
managers have a clause In their contracts
by which all actors and actresses en
gaged by them agree to insert their cor
rect : age, for reference only. Being in
affiliation with one of the New Jfork
managers, the management of Fischer's
Theater has been making a futile effort
to enforce this clause, the first intimation
of it being a bulletin posted a few days
ago.
The awful proclamation, which threat
ens to cause an epidemic of retrousse
noses in the chorus, is as follows:
Front-Row Fairies Threaten
to Strike if the Order Is-
Not Withdrawn.
New Rule at Fischer's
Theater Causes
Trouble.
MERRY MAIDENS
MUST TELL AGE
NOTE — The high and lew waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
A new life saving boat for the station at
Cape Nome arrived from the East on Saturday
and was loaded on the United States revenue
cutter Thetis. The repairs to the Thetis have
been nearly conapleted," and She will sail for
the North In a few days.
Lifeboat for Nome.
An unusually severe hailstorm struck the
water front about 10 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, and for a few minutes hailstones were
piled up in large masses on docks and vessels.
The storm belt did not extend far into the
city, but seemed to expend its energy in narrow
limits. As soon as the Bun came out largo
pools of water were formed 13 numerous places
by the melting of the ice.
Severe Hailstorm.
James Innes, V. Uldall. H. T. - Butterworth,
H. Lohleln. R. Wardle, Rev. H. Forman, Rt.
Rev. Bishop Chatron, A. B. McKinnells, Mrs.
E. B. Sampson. Mrs." P. G. Wood. Mrs. C. P.
Terrett. Mrs. F. R. Greene. Mrs. M. E. Hea
cock, - V. Novello, Miss Robertson, Mrs. B.
Fenners, Mrs. H. Platt, T. O'Hagan, Com
mander H. Christian. R. N.; E. Wuhrlln, Dr.
Adam, O. Dlssen. Mrs. R. . Wardle, Mrs. H.
Forman, L. D. Abraham. Mrs. K. H.
Smith. O. Bucken. Miss Wood. Miss Ter
rett; Commander Perry Garet. U. S. N-; A.
Carticr. MIfs Perry, H. Seghers. Captain R.
Platt and Luke Bishop.
When the Doric left Honolulu the Sonoma
had not yet come in, although due.
Among the passengers was Right Rev. Bishop
Chatron, who has been thirty years in Japan,
with headquarters at Tokio. He is on his way
to Paris and will stop with the Brothers of
Mary at 1417 Howard street. Commander B.
Christian, R. N., and Commander Perry Garet,
U. S. N., were among the passengers, the full
list being as follows:
Favored by exceptionally fine weather, the
Occidental and Oriental liner Doric came In
yesterday afternoon two days ahead of schedule
time. One day was gained between Yoko
hama and Honolulu and another between the
latter port and San Francisco. From Hong
kong to San Francisco the trip was made in
twenty-six days seventeen hours; from Yoko
hama to Honolulu the time was nine days
ee\'en hours and twenty-five minutes, and from
Honolulu to San Francisco five days seventeen
hours and twenty-eight minutes.
Doric Ahead of Time.
All those who were out on Saturday on
the trial trip of the big freighter Alaskan,
constructed by the Union Iron Works for
the American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany, were loud in their praises of the
vessel. The Alaskan is the largest vessel
of her class constructed on the Pacific
Coast. Her tonnage is more than 14,000,
with a carrying capacity of 12,000 tons
dead weight.
For six hours the Alaskan steamed
about the bay at full speed. The contract
called for ten and a half knots* speed,
but twelve was the point reached. Her
contract horsepower was S00O, but 10 per
cent more was developed. George C.
Dearborn, president of the company; Cap
tain Metcalf, suveyor for Lloyds'; Mr.
Stewart, the engineer surveyor for
Lloyds', and a number of invited guests
were aboard, and complete satisfaction
was expressed with the working of the
ship. The vessel minded her helm like a
yacht.
The Alaskan has a small cargo aboard
and will sail this morning for Honolulu,
thence to New York, and will be put in
the trade between New York and this
coast. Captain Banfield, her commander,
expects to leave the wharf this morning
at 5 o'clock, adjust his compasses and let
the vessel have her first taste of the briny
deep.
Doric Arrives From Orient,
Two Days Ahead of
Regular Time. ;
Exceeds Contract Speed
and Develops More
Horsepower.
ALASKAN MAKES
GREAT SHOWING
MONDAY, APRIL 21
KOT£: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
TO SAIL
FROM SEATTLE.
; We have just received a large stock of
the new '{"Century" • Cameras. Come - and
seoi them.". Catalogue!, free 'of ¦¦" charge
Films, .plates, .papor, printing, and de
veloping.; -The :¦• best of l everything and
the : lowest 'priots 1 in' the j city. -Sanborn,
Vair & Co., .741 Market ; street. ¦ -~ ¦ •
Photographic Supplies.
STOCKTON,; April: 20.— C.,L. Sleeper,
alias C. Lw'. 'Spear, was arrested here to
day. He is: wanted at Sacramento, Oak
land, Pasadena: and Santa Barbara oh va
rious charges of felony and embezzlement.
Sleeper has ; made a practice ' of .renting
shotguns and pawning them. "He rented
two shotguns from stores in this city yes
terday, disposing of : them at second-hand
establishments.' He has made a confession
of his crimes and will be tried here unless
more serious' charges await him else
where. •¦-. '¦'-.'¦
Stockton Prisoner Makes Confession.
REDDING, April 20.— J. Maxwell picked
up a $100 gold nugget to-day near the de
pot at. Ke'swick station. - The peculiar
feature of the find, is that Maxwell has
mined along Spring Creek f or twenty
years and has worked for ten years on a
clainr that to-day yielded him the rich
nugget. It- is pear-shaped and smooth.
The finder is aged and poor. •.
County: at Last Strikes the
.Precious Metal.
Poor and Aged , Miner of Shasta
3TINBS . A; RICH NTJGGET
AETER. TEN" YEARS' WORK
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 19— Schr Jenni«
Wand. Urom Coos bay. acnr jennlo
,. : SEATTLE— Arrived .April 20— Stmr Pro
greso, hence April 10. • rTO
Sailed April ltt— Btmr Dolphin, for Skaewav
PORT LOS. ANGELES— Arrived April 20^1
Stmr Aberdeen, from San Pedro. • . .
Sailed Acrll 20— Stmr ,¦ Aberdeen, for San
Francisco. ¦- -.. ¦ . ...... att "
: SAN PEDRO — Arrived April 20— Stmr
Brunswick, from San Dlejo;. stmr Samoa
from Caspar; schr Dora Bluhm, from Umociua
River. "•>)¦¦ .-/ • • , • !*
Sailed April 20— Schr Lucy; for -Umpaua
PORT TOWNSEND-^-Arrlved April 20— Oor
stmr Neko, hence April J 7.. . ¦
¦FtfRT BRAGG — Arrived April 20— Stmr Co
quille Rivsr. hence. April 10. . - • ° .
Sailed April 20 — Stmr Fulton, for San Pedro
NEAH BAY— Passed in.April 20_Schr Eric
from Sen Pedro, for Tacoma; bktn Portland,
henca April 12, • for ¦ Tacoma ; - stmr * Prasrreao •
hence April 10 for . Seattle; Ger • strmTNako.
hence ¦April. 17, for Tacoma; -I stmr John .8
Kimball. hence April 17. lep Seattle. 'Pasted
:..'¦¦' -*; ' ' ¦ . i '¦ : -'¦' '¦ ¦-"'.¦¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Anril 20—10 p. m.— Weathpr
cloudy, wind northwest: velocity 24 miles per
hour
~ ~ Sunday, April 20.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Stmr Geo F Haller, Haaven, Bristol Bay
Stmr Cooa Bay, Gielow, San Pedro
Stinr Spokane, Alexander, San Diego
Stmr Chllkat, Hyvarinen. Pyramid Harbor
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr President. Anderson, Bristol Bay
Btmr Phoenix. Odlando, Mendoclno
Stmr PrentlB3, Ahlstrom. Portland
Bark KalulanI,' Dabel. Honolulu. A
Bktn Coronado, Potter, -Honolulu.
Schr Abble, Peterson. .
Schr Mayflower, Gudmansen, — '¦
Schr Bella, Jannsen, Siuslaw River. •
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs,
Schr Albion, Larsen. Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 54% hours trnn
Portland, via Astoria 42% hours? '"
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, z7 hours from Mosa
Landing.
Stmr South Coast, Jamieson, 15 hours from
Albion.
Br sttnr Doric, Smith, 26 daya 17 hours 1
minute from HonKkon*. and Yokohama 15 (lava
19 hours 18 minutes,, and Honolulu 5 days 17
hours 28 minutes. - * xl
Br ship Vlmeira, Jones, 141 days from Ant
werp.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
ShiDDiner IntelHp-p.nre
ARRIVED.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived April 20— Stmr Cam
brian, from BoSton, for Genoa, Naples and
Alexandria, and proceeded. »
Sailed ADril "20 — Stmr Kaiserin Maria The
resa, from Genoa and . Naples, for New York
LIVERPOOL — 'Arrived April 19 — Stmr Glen
gary, from Tacoma, via Hloeo, etc.; and Na
ples. Arrived April 20 — Stmr Bovic, from
New York. . ¦ . :
¦ QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 20— Stmr Um
lirla. from Liverpool, for New York.'
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed April 20 — Stmr
Moltke. from Hamburg, for New. York.
Everybody was arlad to sp» KUp Hobart
who .married Charley, Baldwin, hero
again. She has been in Denver for the
last two years, trying to get over her
cough and win health back once more
She looks better than she did,' but her
friends at the party were most solicitous
about her comfort, and cared for her with
a tenderness that proved devotion Itself
She was charming in a gown of blue cloth
and a large black picture hat with feath
ers. She also wore a tan coat that was
especially becoming. ,
• v SALLY SHARP.
It will never be possible to get together
a more beautiful group of fetchingly
gowned women than were seen at tnis
San Mateo affair. You could not decide,
I am sure, just who looked the best. Mrs.
¦Walter Hobart was charming in the sim
plest of toilettes. She wore a dainty pink
silk gown with white dots and a touch of
Irish point lace. The skirt 'was quite
plain, with the exception of two circular
flounces. She wore a striking black, hat
and carried a.white parasol. I
Mrs. Joe Tobln wore a wonderful gown
of "all over" white Irish point lace over
white silk, and a largo white hat. Her
coat was an artistic creation of rich, light
materials, lined with light blue.
arms. Not the only reason, however, for
Miss Reid -is ene of the sweetest girls
that ever came among us. She is slender
and fair, with a charming manner that
wins all hearts. Mrs. Reid looked espe
cially well at the Bowie fete in a black
chantilly lace govn, embroidered in
spangles and made over .white silk. A
white hat with an ostrich feather com
pleted the costume. •
FAIR YOUNG HOSTESS AND
ONE OF HER CHARMING
GUESTS.
:..> < ¦ ; - OCEAN STEAMERS. .. .-., ;-_./ <,
. YORK— Arrived AdHI 20— Stmr i Pots
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne Sur Mer v 
-• LIZARD — Passed ADril '•¦ 20 — Stmr v Branden
burg, from New. York,; for Bremen;, stmr Min
nehaha,- from. New ¦¦ York, „ for "London. '
;•' ANTWERP— Arrived April 20— Stmr ¦ South
wark, ¦ from New . York. ¦-, - ? .- < '
VICTORIA— Arrived ADril 19— Ship Glory; of
the Seas, /hence April 0; bark Star of Bengal,
ie NANA*IMO— Sailed April 19— Nor stmr Tlta
nia, for San Francisco. ...
FOREIGN PORTS,
* Mrs. Reid has been loved a long time
as the charming daughter of D. O. Mills,
and that may be one reason why her
daughter has been received with open
out Adi-H 20 — Stmr Tacoma, from Seattle, for
Yokohama; bktn Chas. F. Crocker, from Ta
ooma, for San Francisco; bark Amazon, from
Port Hadlock, for Shanghai; Nor stmr Titanla,
from Nanaimo, for San Francisco; stmr Asun
cion, from Oyster Harbor, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU — Sailed Anrll 8 — Schr Alice
Cooke, for Port Townsend : stmr China, f or
Ban FrancUco. ' April' 9— Br Btmr Monna, for
Victoria. , April H — Brig Consuelo and schr
Nokomis, fpr Port Townsend. Anril 12— Br
Btmr Aorangrl, for the Colonies: bktn Klikitat,
for Port Townsend. April 13 — U'-S stmr Sher
idan, for Manila. ... ¦ .
Arrived April 9r~U S stmr Sheridan,
hence April 1: *""£ Louisiana. from
Newcastle, • N. S. -W. ; Br stmr Moana, from
Sydney. April 10 — Schr Alumna, from New
castle, NY S. W. April 12— Br stmr Aorangi,
from Sydney. Apri. 13— Bark Ceylon, from
Layson Island. April 14 — Br etmr Doric, from
Yokohama; I stmr Hyades, . hence April 5; Oer
bark Paul Isenberg', from Bremen ; schr Fred
E Sander, from Iquique. ,
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed in April 20—
Schr Mildred,' henco April 10, for Ballard; ship
Kennebec, hence April 11, for Port Townsend ;
Khr Win. Nottingham, from Port Lob Ange
les, for Seattle. - . ; :
KA AN APALI— Sailed April 10— Bark Dia
mond Head, for . San Francisco.
KAHULUI-Salled .AdHI ' ll-Sehr Compeer,
for PuRet Sound.. , April 12— Bktn Wrestler,
for San Francisco. •/¦•• >;. .> .
HILO— Sailed April 9— Ship Marlon Chilcott,
for San Francisco. ¥i April • . 13— Ship Helen
Brewe/. for New York. . ... _¦.¦ •
PORT" BLAKELEY— Arrived April 20— Schr
Excelsior, hence April 11. ¦
- ASTORIA— Arrived- April 20— Stmr Qeo.' W.
Elder, hence April 13. „ *
Sailed -April 20— Stmr Iaqua,. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Chico, for Seattle ;
I TACOMA— Arrived April -' 20— Stmr Califor
nian, from Seattle; bktn Ruth, from San Fran-
Cisco; stmr City of Topeka, from Seattle; stmr
Queen, from Alaska. .*%•--•: •;--,
, Sailed April 20— Stmr City " of Topeka, for
Alaska; stmr Queen.-for Alaska. A
The Whitelaw "Reids . cannot say when
they go back East that Californians do
not know how to entertain. 1 They have
certainly been feted handsfcmely, and if
they had attended all the luncheons and
dinners they have been asked to the "rest
cure" would be their only hope. Now that
Mr. Reid dresses so immaculately in a
conventional frock coat he will no longer
be dubbed "the man milliner of Journal
ism." People who have known him a
long time In the East say that, he used to
go about the streets in a black velvet
coat and permitted his necktie to float
out upon the zephyr breeze witlT the
abandon of a genius. In fact, such care
lessness was most un-understandable to
the cotillon chap, who never commits
those social crimes.
Jack Casserly, however, is earning the
title Mr. Reid has given up. He appeared
at Mr. Bowie's garden party at San Ma
teo Saturday dressed exactly as he
wished— in a business suit, leaving his
frock coat at home with the independence
of the Vanderbilt who spoke so impoli
ticly of the public. Mrs. Casserly wore
an exquisite summer gown, with showers
of* lace, and the wearer looked wondei*
tully well in it.
ry and Miss Catherine Herrin,
was certainly one of the most genuine
ly pleasant affairs of the season. Some
how that genuine pleasure goes with the
Robinson hospitality. When those old
Southern families open their doors they
are euro to entertain with that kindly
feeling and gentle refinement that render
them thoroughly enjoyable. . The tea-yes
terday was very simple and informal,
while everything was arranged in excel
lent taste. Spring flowers and ferns com
prised the decorations. Army officers
from the Presidio and the island ' were
among the callers, as were many charm
ing girls, chiefly from the younger set.
The young hostess was a picture in a
thin white gown of satin striped Pina
cloth with transparent yoke of lace,
completed by a 3ainty string of pearls. ¦
Catherine Herrin wore a clinging gown
Just suited to her splendid figure. The
material was a • soft gray crepe, closely
lucked, with the yoke on the skirt and
bodice- trimmed with heavy point lace.
The gown was collarless. A pearl neck
lace added to the refreshing beauty of
the young wearer. " ¦¦'•">.-, ¦
Elsie' Sperry wore a dainty white
mulle gown over pale blue. There were
many intricate insertions of lace and
the finest of lace, ruffles that bore the
stamp of some Parisian artist.
Besides a good face and figure, Elsie
Sperry has the making of a strong wo
man. It is unusual to find so young a
girl with such a decisive nature.
. A number of very dear girls in pretty
frocks assisted the Robinsons in receiv
ing. They were: Alice Herrin, Jacqueline
Moore, Pearl Landers, Mary Bell,
Miss Culver of St. Louis, , "Talka"
Williar, Beth Foulke, Millicent Cos
grave and, of course, Elsie Sperry and
Catherine Herrin. ( .
MISS ; KATHRYN ROBINSON'S
tea "yesterday afternoon at her
home, 1213 Jones street, com
plimentary to Miss Elsie - Sper-
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL; MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1902. ;
MISS KATHRYN ROBINSON'S
TEA A DELIGHTFUL AFFAIR
Function Gomplimentary to Miss Elsie Sperry
and Miss Catherine Herrin Proves One
of Most/. Genuinely Pleasant of Season
5
Sun rises 5:28
Bun sets 6:50
Moon sets 4:3S a. m.
« Time Time Time Time
% Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
Q L W H W t. W H W
21 4:38 0.7 ' 11:10 4.9 4:34 1.9 il:0ll 5.3
22 8:16 0.5 12:05 4.7 5:10 2.2 11:34 8.4
23 0:58 0.2 12:52 4^6 5:44 2.5
H W L W H W t. W
24 0:03 C.3 C:3S 0.2 1:39 4.4 6:19 2.8
25 0:30 5.1 7:13 0.3 2:25 4.3 6:55 2.0
2« 0:58 4.3 7:53 0.4 3:17 4.2 7:36 3.0
27 1;29 4.6 8:36 0.5 4:091 4.2 8:30 3.0
2S 2:00 4.4 0:20 0.7 4:571 4.2 9:371 3.1
Steamer. i From. | Due.
Steamer.
I Due.
Rival Willapa Harbor Apr. 21
Mackinaw... Tacoma Apr. 21
M. Dollaft- Hadlock & "Whatcom . . Apr. 21
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 21
Lakme Portland & Astoria ... Apr. 21
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Apr. 21
SUtc of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. ai
Pleiades Seattle — Apr. 21
Edith Seattle Apr. 22
Tellus Oyster. Harbor Apr. 22
Crescent City Orescent City •... Apr. 22 i
Arctic Humboldt Apr. 22
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 22
Sta. Barbara. San Pedro , Apr. 22
Doric China & Japan Apr. 22
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacotna Apr. 23
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 2.J
Tl tania Nanaimo Apr. 23
City of Puebl Pugret Sound Ports .... Apr. 24
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 24
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. 24
Coob Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
a. W. Eider. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Apr. 29
Sequoia Grays Harbor... Apr. 25
Newburg.... Grays Harbor ......... Apr. 28
Australia.... Tahiti Apr. 2tS
Curacao Mexican Ports......:... Apr. 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports Apr. 27
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor Apr. 27
North Fork. . HumUoldt : . Apr. 28
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 29
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom Apr. 29
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 80
Steamer. I Destination. iSalls.j Pier.
Steamer.
I
Destination.
_ __
April 21.
Mandalay.. Coquille RIVer. .... 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson,. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. . Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
L'matllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier U
i April 22.
Empire.... Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Pomona... Humboldt 1*30 p Pier 9
S. Barbara. Seattle direct 5 pm Pier 2
Kcrtb Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
April 23. .
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
China China & Japan.... lpm PMSS
Q. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
- April 24.
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State Cal. . San Diego & Way., u am Pier 11
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
April 25. • >
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Ut-Fsie K... Golofnln Bay-Teller pier
April 26.
Ukme Astoria & Portland. ;..... Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena " 2 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Port* 11 am Pier 0
Santa 'Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
April 28.
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Sequoia.... Gra.ys Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
April 20.
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May 1.
Boncma..l. Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Doric China & Japan..:. 1 pm PMSS
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Queen...:. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Alliance... Portland & AVay Pts 0 amjpier 10
Steamer.
For.
Sam.
Nome City. . . Nome direct Apr 21
Al-Ki .... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr". 23
Jeenle Nome direct .'.Apr 24
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Anr' 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet A Way Fts Ar>r" 2%
Dirigo Skagway & Way Port*. Apr' 27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr! 30
Steamer. i From. | Due.
Steamer.
I Due.
Rival Willapa Harbor Apr. 21
Mackinaw... Tacoma Apr. 21
M. Dollaft- Hadlock & "Whatcom . . Apr. 21
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 21
Lakme Portland & Astoria ... Apr. 21
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Apr. 21
SUtc of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. ai
Pleiades Seattle — Apr. 21
Edith Seattle Apr. 22
Tellus Oyster. Harbor Apr. 22
Crescent City Orescent City •... Apr. 22 i
Arctic Humboldt Apr. 22
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 22
Sta. Barbara. San Pedro , Apr. 22
Doric China & Japan Apr. 22
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacotna Apr. 23
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 2.J
Tl tania Nanaimo Apr. 23
City of Puebl Pugret Sound Ports .... Apr. 24
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 24
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. 24
Coob Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
a. W. Eider. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Apr. 29
Sequoia Grays Harbor... Apr. 25
Newburg.... Grays Harbor ......... Apr. 28
Australia.... Tahiti Apr. 2tS
Curacao Mexican Ports......:... Apr. 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports Apr. 27
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor Apr. 27
North Fork. . HumUoldt : . Apr. 28
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 29
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom Apr. 29
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 80
Sun rises 5:28
Bun sets 6:50
Moon sets 4:3S a. m.
« Time Time Time Time
% Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
Q L W H W t. W H W
21 4:38 0.7 ' 11:10 4.9 4:34 1.9 il:0ll 5.3
22 8:16 0.5 12:05 4.7 5:10 2.2 11:34 8.4
23 0:58 0.2 12:52 4^6 5:44 2.5
H W L W H W t. W
24 0:03 C.3 C:3S 0.2 1:39 4.4 6:19 2.8
25 0:30 5.1 7:13 0.3 2:25 4.3 6:55 2.0
2« 0:58 4.3 7:53 0.4 3:17 4.2 7:36 3.0
27 1;29 4.6 8:36 0.5 4:091 4.2 8:30 3.0
2S 2:00 4.4 0:20 0.7 4:571 4.2 9:371 3.1
Steamer. I Destination. iSalls.j Pier.
Steamer.
I
Destination.
_ __
April 21.
Mandalay.. Coquille RIVer. .... 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson,. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. . Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
L'matllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier U
i April 22.
Empire.... Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Pomona... Humboldt 1*30 p Pier 9
S. Barbara. Seattle direct 5 pm Pier 2
Kcrtb Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
April 23. .
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
China China & Japan.... lpm PMSS
Q. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
- April 24.
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State Cal. . San Diego & Way., u am Pier 11
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
April 25. • >
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Ut-Fsie K... Golofnln Bay-Teller pier
April 26.
Ukme Astoria & Portland. ;..... Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena " 2 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Port* 11 am Pier 0
Santa 'Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
April 28.
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Sequoia.... Gra.ys Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
April 20.
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May 1.
Boncma..l. Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Doric China & Japan..:. 1 pm PMSS
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Queen...:. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Alliance... Portland & AVay Pts 0 amjpier 10
Steamer.
For.
Sam.
Nome City. . . Nome direct Apr 21
Al-Ki .... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr". 23
Jeenle Nome direct .'.Apr 24
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Anr' 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet A Way Fts Ar>r" 2%
Dirigo Skagway & Way Port*. Apr' 27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr! 30
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
In cases where the hair root or hair
bulb has not been completely destroyed
•by parasites that Infest it Newbro'B
Harplcide will do wonders In the way of
stimulating the growth of lifeless and
falling hair. Destroy the cause, you re-
move the effect. That is the successful
mission of Herpicide.
It is safe to say that the majority of
bald men of to-day would gladly, revive
the old, dignified custom if they could.
But they can do the. next best thing, to
it— that Is, to revive the growth of the
hair nature gave them. *< . ;. ¦ : ~ ¦
Adjunct to a Gentleman's Apparel.
Powdered Wigs Formed an Important
DAYS
IN THE GOOD OLD FASHIONED
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOME
™G|^ SAILINGS.
V^B™^^^U. S. MAIL ROUTE.
KORTHEM COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dlepatch Its flrst-class steamers. carry-
Ing United States malls for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows:
From San Francisco-
S. S. ST. PAUL.. ......:. ..June 3
S. S. PORTLAND... July 1
" From Seattle.
S. S. PORTLAND.... April 29
S. S. OHIO June 3
S. S. INDIANA ....June 7
Connecting at : Nome with steamer Saldi*.
carrying United States mail, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
. NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
¦ 645 Market st. San Francisco.,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION • CO.,
Puget Sound Agent, Seattle, Wash. aprl6-2m
STEAMERS 'WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received . on board on day of
sailing.
BS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May Oth. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU .\
Wednesday, June 4th 1002
SS. HONGKONG MARU...
¦ . ¦ Saturday. June 28th, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.'
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ ——FOK .
NOME-*
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR - I
VALENCIA JUNB 1
And fortnightly thereafter during th« season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Non>« last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loam,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and N T om«
folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O.I?- & AT. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AH
Points East. Through Tickets to AH
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST n-JVOTZlS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
8S. COLUMBIA Sails.. .April 13. 23. May 3. U
83. GEO. W. ELDER Sails ,.. ...... •..
April 8. 18, 28, May S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S. T.
: , — _ ¦ —
COXPAQKIE SSXXSALS TRAN3ATLANTIQHI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. rtfiM,,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of -«tj JB»
Saturday at 10 a.' m.. from pier 42. »^Hs^^b»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
does to Havre, S45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York.' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. Ban Francisco.
Tickets* eold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMK'UCAX LINE.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON,
Philad*l..May T. 10 am St. Louts.May 21, 10 ant
St. Paul.. May 14. 10am Phlladel..May 28,10am
RED STAR L1XE.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Frleslani.May 7, nocn[Vaderl<tnd.May21, neon
Southwrk.May 14. coon!Pennland..May 23. nr.on
, • INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P. TAYLOR.Q.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st>
BAY AND KEVEB STEAMEEa
FOR U. S, NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
; Steamers GEI1. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
8:45 n.. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun- •
day. Sunday. 0:43 a. ra., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, Q p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4: IS p. m. rare SO
cents. Talephone Main 1308. Landing and
of flee, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
; BROS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' a*. Steamers leave Broadway
RJIhfci. Wharf, San Francisco:
F««53& For Ketchikan. Juneau.
lfias*rvW fc , Skayway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
civ>B2vS3l m - A P fU 16 > 21 - 26 ' May *'
gRgJgJMVaa Change to company's steam-
' fizsyoi-'Sli ers at Seattle.
i £" l H8E§S«i«T For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. T»-
coma Bverett. New What-
com— 11 a. m.. April 16. 21, 2«. May 1. Chan«»
at «!«»«ttC to this company's steamers fo*
Ala^ and'o. l^Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma-
AP F r oi & 1 Anfelef (vWrt Lo, , Ajg-j V*
Reilondo): Ban Diego and Santa Barbara— Spo-
8 *-»»;_.
Kor Ixis Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea«t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua, Man-
ieVevTsac Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Huen«m« and
•Newport CSanta Cms onry)
CoosBay. 9 a. m.. April 12, 20. 23, May 6.
Banta Crux. » a. m. (freight only), April 1*
2 *For Knsenaaa, Magdalena Bay, San Jom del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. ra.. »th each monta.
For farther Information obtain folder.- - - "" 'y
RlKht Is reserved to change steamers or «aO-
to TICKFT OTTTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). „ _
GOODAL.L. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen.
10 Market St.. San Franclaoa.
TELEPHONE wff?5 ULlTV&jS?
v 222-224 S UTTER ST.
XOFF
FOR THIS WHOLE WEEK
The good work keeps up and :
housewives appreciate it.
Another 25 Per Cent Reduction
. x On the entire line of our
HIGH GRADE SPICES
Ground or Whole.
"CROWN" PORTor SHERRY,
; Reg. 59c bot. 5 bottles $100
Exceptional value. Last sale at this
price.
COFFEE, Reg. 35c lb. 2 lbs. 55c
Oriental blend— Roasted or ground.
BAKING POWDER, fB£ Mb tin 30c
Res. 40c. , "*-J
Absolutely pure. None better.
TOMATOES, "New Era" 2^-H» tins
Reg. 10c tin. 7 tins 53c
CURACAO, "Oolganfs" Jag $f.35
Regr. $1 75. , '
Finest after-dinner drink. Imported
from Holland. Red, white or
orange.
GINGER ALE, "Paritas," doz $1.20
Regr. n 35.
Equal to best Imported.
ROOT BEER, "Paritas," doz. $1.10
Reg. $1 20.
Full of sparkle and life.
IXL SOUPS. 18 Varieties
First medal at Paris Exposition.
Reg. 10c can, 3 cans for 25c
Regr. $1.15 doz. O5c
IXL CHICKEN LlYERPATE2tins25c
Equal to imported. Regr. 23c tin. •
ENAMELINE,Reg5ctin, 7 for 25c
It takes the lead for polishing
stoves, grates, etc.
COCOA, "Sachard" Swiss.
V, lb. 1 lb.
Regr. 50c-4Oc- Reg 90c-SOc
Highest grade made. Freed from
excess of fat.
CHOCOLAT-MENIER,. lb. 49c
For eating, drinking and baking.
PINEAPPLE, Whole, Singapore
Reg. 25c 3-lb tin, 2 tins.. 35c
SENFGURKEN, Sf Large bot 30c
STUFFED MANGOES,Reg3Qcbot25c
Flaccus Bros./ Wheeling. :--'r> ¦-
STUFFED PICKLES, bot, 25c
Reg. "30c. Flaccus Bros.*.'
MEXICAN LIME JUICE
All ready for use.
Reg. 50c qt. bot 35 e
Reg. 25c pt. bot 15c
ADAMS SPRINGS MINERAL WATER
Fresh shipment just received.
For constipation, kidney an<J live?
trouble.
Reg. doz. $2 25... »1.0.*5
Reg. $7 73 case J87.JJ5
Country orders solicited at these
prices.
San Francisco
128 EIHS St. AbovePnwcll
You need not pay fancy prices
to other tailoring establishments
when you can get • a high-class
suit, properly tailored, with snap
and style in every thread of it, on
the above terms. You may wear
the suit while paying for it.
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
vice and modern
conveniences . are ' the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels po'pular.. with
tourists and travel-
ers.:, who .visit San
Francisco. -
I. D. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., General Am; 329 Martet
Gen'l Pass. Office, 643 Market St., Pier No. 7. Pactlc Si
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., May 1. 10 a. m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti . . ; - . ;
Sunday. May 4. 10 a. m;
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu......."..;.;. >
...:.... .......Saturday., May 10, 2 p. m.
tf»«"»Aja*ili> <£ tf 4*a •"•"*"- ' MUM < "En
FASHIONABLE VAUDEVILLE!
Milton and Dollie Nobles; Wilton
Brothers; Knight Brothers; Susie
Fisher; Sam, Kittie and Clara
Morton; Pony Ballet; Banks and
Winona Winter, and the Petching
Brothers.
D0N ? T MISS
"THE BIOGRAPH,
SHOWING A TRIP TO THE TO-
SEMITE AND PBINCE HENRY
AT WEST POINT.
Reserved Peats. 25c Ba;lcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
/
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATIKEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
THE ONLY MUSICAL SHOW.
THE FORTUNE
TFI I FR
IT HAS COME TO 6TAT.
POPULAR PRICE*— 25c. 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
.
vULiUiflDB#l iwisGimTK
Powell St., near Market.
Last 6 Mghts— Matinee Saturday.
MR. E. S. WILLARD.
To-night and Friday Nights and Sat. Matinee,
DAVID GARRICK,
By T. W. Robertson.
Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday Nights.
TOM F»irsIGH.
By Charles Dickens.
Saturday Night, J. M. Barrie's Comedy.
"THE PROFESSORS LOVE STORY."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
* MR. N. C. MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
In "WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE."
SEATS READY THURSDAY %i to 2Sc
BE&ASCO *"° Tt~A EJCS
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful Melodrama,
A CHILD OF
FORTUNE.
Rich in Emotional Scenes end Bubbling Over
With Rollicking Humor.
rpifCC Evenings 10c to 50c
1 AlWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "SLAVES OF THE ORIENT."
SPECIAL. MATINEE THURSDAY.
USUAL MATINEES SATURDAY & SUNDAY.
GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
MELBOU/tHE MACDOWELL,.
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In a Grand Bardou Revival.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT.
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
Wednesday Evening "FEDORA"
Thursday Matinee and Thursday Evening....
"GISMONDA"
¦ Friday and Saturday Evenings and Saturday
Matinee "CLEOPATRA"
Sunday Matinee and Sunday Evening
* "LA TOSCA"
Eamt Popular Prices 10c. 15c,. 25c. 50c, 75c
Commencing THIS EVEXING.
MATINEE SATURDAY
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY. I
MR. JAMES NEILL
and the Neill Company.
WELCOME HOME.
the Highly Successful Quaint
Comedy Drama. . .
CAPTAIN LE1TARBLAIR.
SEATS READY;
SUNDAY EVENING. April 28. Finrt Tim* in
This City.
•THE STARBUCKS."
SEATS THURSDAY.
Bclasco & Thall, Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY A SUNDAY.
Sydney Rosenfeld's Beautiful Comedy,
THE TWO
ESCUTCHEONS.
The Rlcbost Kind of High Class Comedy.
SPABKLINO WITH WIT.
BRIMFUL OF HUMOR.
PRICES ...15c. 25c. 35c. 60c. 75c
I FISCHER'S theaterI
' I
O'FarrelL bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Mala 231.
HD?POCRATES RECOMMENDED HILAR-
ITY AND LAUGHTER AS THE GREATEST
AIDS TO DIGESTION KNOWN.
Then Why Patronize Doctors?
Come end See. With the Crowds
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
A Happy and Rational Application.
To-r.!ght begins the third week and the de-
mand is greater • than ever New features
every wetJc. All the famous artists i appear
Reserved reats at night. 25c and 60c. Saturday
and Sunday Matinee*, 25c. Children at Mat-
inees. 10c. In preparation. "Pousse Cafe."
§gg^ RACING
Z3?*-— *^^» Every Week Day—
•^ Rain or Shine.
HEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. /
Races etart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 ra. and
12:30. 1. 1;UO. 2. 2:20 And 3 p. m.. connecung
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
laaies and their escorts; no smollng. Buy your
terry tlclu-U to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ean Pablo aveau*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via. Alameda molt con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
Hid Broadway, Oakland. These electric c«rs
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Train* leave the track at 4:1$
«.nd <:4S p. ra. and Immediately after tht last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mrr.
The Weekly Call
$1 per Year.
Cabin,, $103; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. ' Argyll...... Sails '.Thursday. May" 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday, May io
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passengerv OfHoe. . 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. rFaciflo Coast Agent
PANAMA B,R. OT ffi p
TO :NEW YORK VIA; PANAMA DIRECT.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1b A GKEAT KESTORATlVji 1NV1GOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The moct wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes, i
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABTCR. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
E23 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To . Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
OUATBMAL.A-.May 10[COLOMBIA June 21
PALENA. .. ; . .May 31ITUCAPEL. July —
j These steamers are built expressly for On-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end passenger office, 316 California street.
¦ BALFOUR. , GUTHRIfc & CO.. Gen. Agents.
/\Mb^ willmake
Ji^ WEEK.
AICXTSEMEirrS.
ADVERTISEMENTS."With the exception of Secretary Root.
Secretary Gage takes fewer holidays than
any , official In Washington. In forty
years' of business life in Chicago Mr.
Gage took ninety days In vacations.
The Yosemite Athletic Club officials
have completed their card for next Friday
evening. Willie Bourne will meet Robbie
Johnson for six rounds, while the other
preliminary will be furnished by Jack
Kane and Jack Dean. Kane's claim to
fame is . based on a twenty-round draw
with Young Corbett a year ago In Den
ver. . , £.«T«~
Yosemite Club Matches Boxers.
Breaks' All Previous Records on Any
Range or Target.
A. H. Pape did some sensational snooty
Ing with a rifle yesterday at the Harbor
View range of Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club. He entered for the 100-shot com
petition and broke all previous records on
any range or target.
His 100 shots counted 450 or averaged
on the 4%-lncb. ring. The last fifty shots
counted 223, averaging on a 4.46-lnch bulls
eye. The 100 shots were In the 12- inch
bullseye, while 93 were In the 8-inch ring,
or regulation Creedmoor hullseye. If
counted on a German point target the
100 shots total 226, or 26 points more than
a 2-point average. The shooting was off
hand on Columbia target.' Kach shot in
Pape's appended score gives size of ring
in inches:
Rifle. 200 yards —
2 2 4 3 5 2 4 10 2 3 .. t .... ........ 37
6 3 64899562 58
4 5.4 '7 5 3 3 4 3 3 4t
0 « 2'46 3 12 5 4 5: 5T5
5543 4 2 8 3 2 3 3R
4 3.B 6 6 5 3 6 13 ." 43
hr 5 4 3 4 2 8 3 2 2 38
110 2 82 44 2 18 4ft
6 ? « .4- 3 5 4 5 7 8 5 5:1
7. 5 52284464 47
Total 450
D. W. King of Denver. Colo.. -tried for aCO
shot record and mad« 4S. 62 61 50 €7; total,
294. F. O. Young. 56. 69; Dahlbender. 74. 81.
"pistol— F. O. Toungr. 40. 40; R. Schneider.
66. 6S. 70; D. W. King. 76.
• Revolver — A. J. Brannagan. 40. 40. 42 48.
47. 46. 51, 52; Dr. Twist. 85. 87. 97.
22 and 25 rifle — Gimmel. 50 45
Military — Ed Hovey. 46, -1C. 45. 45; E. A.
Allen, 44. 42. 42. 41.
PAFE'S SFTSTSATIOITAI. SCORE.
Company B. First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — L. Knott
ner 2a. J. Myers. 41. E. J. Bertrand 20. S.
Marcuse 7. J. McXeia 21, E. Wood 11, J.
Keeff© 20. -1* Lallane 7, T>. Casey 25. E.
Sturgls 2S, R. Young 39. A. Hofmann 42, J.
Fltzpatrlck 12. G. Siwoner 26. E. Davis 7. TV.
Baker 21, G. Hull 35, H. Evans 20. T. Helloa
2tt, F. C. Bordenare 7. E. Fairbanks 18. A.
Wngner 25,- G. Sullivan 31.
Troop A. First Cavalry. National Guard oS
California, monthly medal shoot— E. McKar
ley 50, R. Cap 48. H. 1^. Detrlck 4S. W. Span
hake 47. C. s Nicolal 46. H. ..Taylor 4«i, F.
Thomason 46. A. J. Thomagle 45. TV. J. Da
vis 42. Serjeant R. C. Grennlneer 42. A. J.
He»ry 42, Serseant Soaar 40. G. W. Pape 37.
Se^eant Smith 33. Corporal Flckert 32. C. A.
Becker 32. D. "W. McKenzie 29. J. Fritz 23,
S. C. Wafer 28. Sergeant Schmidt 32. W. Rog
ers 19, J. R. Mackley 16, G. R. Hansen 18. I*
"W. Burnham 3.
Company B, First Infantry, and Troop
A, First Cavalry, National Guard of
California, were the only organizations
represented yesterday i at Shell Mound
rifle ranges for their regular monthly
medal contests.
E. McKarley of Troop A made the pos
sible score of 50 with the regulation army
revolver. A. Hofmann did the best worlc
for Company B. with a score of 42.
The results of the day's snooting fol
low:
National Guardsmen Hold ths
Only Shoots of the
@;Day. ;
Cavalryman Show3 Skill
With a Revolver at
Shell Mound.
M'KARLEY MAKES
PERFECT SCORE
Clearance Sale { of ; Framed Ficture3
1000 framed ipictures,' many; • of -'; them
good , as new, I and all will i be closed . out
at: genuine;? bargains.'/ Sanborn,/ Vail &
Co.;- 741 'Market street.' •:¦*;">•- « ,-V?
Benefit for Frize Team Attracts En-
thusiastic Audience to Their
.Hall. •
An audienW loud, in; its: praises and
generous .in its applause witnessed the
gymnastic exhibition r given last nlgh.t at
Verein Eintracht : Hall by the- turn sec-
I tion of the verein. \ The affair, was ar
ranged-' as a- benefit for the prize drill
-team, which will be sent to San Jose to
compete in . the coming Pacific Turn Be
zlrk.; , . . •;. ._. ¦ . ;. ' , • ,
The , following ; -programme was ren
dered: ¦',',¦]'¦'
Overture, Hoee's^ Orchestra r.lonjr wand ex
ercises, ¦¦ troys' 1 day^ class; fancy dance, girls'
class; nickeled wand exercises, boys' evening
class; exercises on side horse, active members:
dumb-bell exercises, ladles', class; parallel bar
exercises, active members; chair pyramids. Ju
nior ' class; . flre-club- swinging:, active mem
bers. - /
Dancing concluded; the pleasures of the
evening. ¦nMBHSSgSS^wHH
,: ST., LOUIS. 'April; 20.— In, a quarrel over
a '¦; baseball \ that was ' said [ to - have J been
thrown ' into ¦'. hla yard by.- neighbors'- chil-'
drenliAbe Slupsky,'a : prominent local pol
itician, 'to-day shot a nd fatally ¦ wounded
Charles t Pinchard," a saloon-keeper, with
the'latter?s;revolver. *;Slupsky, who is un
der arrest, ; says he shot in self-defense. •
Fatal Quarrel Over - a • Baseball.
First race — Aunt Mary, Bacivo,
Senora Caesar.^
r Second ' race— Amoruna, Maud
Sherwood, Escarola.
Third race— Fausturo,
noe, Alfred C.
Fourth race— Anthracite, Brutal,
Flan.
;•¦ Fifth race--]a:eehanus, Sly, Milas.*
Sixth race— Artilla, Horton, Wpi
burst. .(
« - - ¦¦¦ - 1 • ¦ ¦ •
SELECTIONS FOB. TO-DAY.
"Bill" Langford, as he was known to
jjTblfl familiars, was a well-known figure on
the racetracks throughout California. He
followed the circuit each year as a book
maker. He had charge of the combination
book, established for the first time at Oak
land during the past season, and figured
the prices. He was popular among his
friends, of which «he> had a wide circie.
His health has been failing for some time,
yet the announcement of his death comes
«£ a shock to his termer associates.
Ailing: for Some Time.
DENVER. April 29.— W. J. Langrbrd,
it years of age. died at 7:30 this evening
at St. Joseph's Hospital. Mr. Langford
was born in Brooklyn, but for some time
past has been sporting editor of the Oak
land Tribune. He came to Denver last
Friday suffering from heart disease, from
which he died.
Mr. Langford was a life member of the
Elks and that order has taken charge of
the remains. , He leaves a wife in Oak
land. : ,
Affection of the Heart After
Popular Bookmaker Succumbs to an
"BILL" LANGFORD DIES
SUDDENLY IN DENVEB
SUCCESSFUL EXHIBITION"
BY EINTRACHT TUBNEES
Baseball on Eastern Diamonds.
..,-!" NATIONAL LEAGUE.
.. CINCINNATI. 'April • 20.— The Cincinnati
team won the final • game of . the . series from
Chlcaco. '" The game was the' best of the four
and it was anybody's game ud to • the last
man In' the' last .inning. Attendance ,13,000.'
Score: . " . ' ." v ;^ ¦'.
• ¦ Clubs— . R. H. E.
Chicago ....I 1 B 4
Cincinnati ..., ............... 2 7 - 1
Batteries — Phillips . and Bergen; St. ¦ Vrain
and ¦ Kllng.. Umpire— Emslle. ' .
.-ST. LOUIS. April 20. — St. Louis played an
other poor Held Ins: game and lost the last of
the ' PittsburK ' series • to-day > by a score of 10
to . 2. Wicker pitched ¦ in fair. form. . Attend
ance 13,000. 'Score: ' ¦
Clubs-r . . R. . H. E.
Bt: Louis .....::...... ......'.... 2' .' 5 e
Pittsburg ... :............:.•..... 10 12 \ 3
¦ .Batteries-^Wlcker • and Ryan; TannehlU ' arid
Zlmmer. ¦ Umpire — Cantillon. ¦ ,' " . ' ¦
John Barrett, commissioner general to
Asia and . Australia for the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition and ex-United
States Minister to. Slam, Is in San Fran
cisco on his way to the Far East. He
will sail on the steamship China on
April 23. ,
Mr. Barrett will address the Chamber
of Commerce to-day In response to Its
invitation on "California's Interest in
the St. Louis World's Fair; Its Direct
Bearing on the Development of Pacific
Coast-jand Asiatic Commerce." As com
missioner general. Mr. Barrett goes on a
diplomatic mission to \Asia and Australia
to confirm. the invitation to foreign Gov
ernments of the United States to partici
pate in the Louisiana Purchase Exposi
tion. He has had entire charge of the
diplomatic negotiations with Asiatic and
Australiasian countries, and • say3 their
representation at St.-- Louis will be the
greatest ever seen in the United States.
Philippines, Will Speak.
John Barrett, Commissioner General
\ to Asia, Australia and the
CALIFORNIA'S INTEBEST -
v.--V : IN ST. LOXTIS PAIR
. Morning Game..; "p. ."¦;.
.' ' • - ; ',. - LOS : ANGELES. 1 ' -,-' ', ¦ -. ;
' V x '- :; V ':-, . /¦¦ : AB. RJ BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss ,..,.5 :,0'Jr,0 • 1 .5-0
Hannivan, If. 6' 0 1 0 3 0 0
Atherton. lb ........ 41. 1 3 1 11 0 0
Householder, cf ..... V 5;- 0 2 . 0 0 " 0 ' 1
Raymer, 2b ......... 3 2 1 0 .1 ' 3 :.! 0
Reilly,3b '....:.;... 3 r 2 1 0 2- 2 0
Roach, c ..\...'3 0 2 0 7 0' 0
Slagle. rf . . .' ; 4 2 -' 1 ' 0 ' 0 0 0
Jones, p ...... .;....3 0 ; 0' 0 2 v 3 r^',0
r -.Totals ...... ...'.85 ' 7 '•.11 .1 27 \ 13 : 1
•*V '.''. 'i ; -\- ' SAOTAMENTO. -..': *&;>ti§£
• , ' ; H'r- : AB. R.'bH. SB. PO. A. E.'
Sheehan, ,8b'......... 4 • 0 4 ;2 0 -2 - 4 - 1 :
.Ddyle.'.p ...... .......4o ; 0' 0 0 0 .2 • 0
Rebsamen, . cf ...... 4 ' 0 ~ 2 ' 0 ' 0 ' 0-0
/Birmingham, lb .... 4 0 0 0 13 0 1
rrniiiii mi n hi • in 11 ri ¦ni^«ffl>nrri«wliii .Hi 1 1 1 •&-.,*
LOS ANGELES, .April 20.— Los Angeles
won both games from Sacramento to-day,
in the morning' by a score 'of 7, to 2 and in
the afternoon ; by.; 3 ' to. 2.Y Jones pitched a
steady game, in, the morning and . was
given good .support- by: the fielders, while
Doyle's support was ragged. ij.
The afternoon game was close. and ex
citing from first to last. Both Hickey and
Waddell ; pitched in - championship form,
four hits off each being the extent of the
batting, of , the opposing teams. •'• Los An
geles was more'. fortunate." however]: and
Reilly's.home run,' which scored two runs,'
won .the game. ; Graham's wild throw to
second .gave the locals another run. Ath
ertdnmade a clean.' two-base hit, bufwas
calledout • f or not touching first base. : ,At
tendane'e 7000. Score:'. . .:¦!•;•.¦
and Afternoon Game.
Defeat Sacramento in Both Morning
ANGELS TaIkE TWO.
The contest at Oakland was called at
the end of the second inning on account
of rain. Oakland was leading by / a score,
of 5 to 2, and. the Ponies were probably
saved from another , drubbing. Schmidt
was doing slab duty, and Kane opposed
him. Bobby McHale missed the boat,
so . Chimmie .Whalen , took his place at
bat,' and, to the. wonderment of the
crowd, led off with a' clean hit past third.
Clay H. Howbacker, in - behalf of the
rooters, presented the Oakland team
with a box of r bats, accompanying his
feat with . an enthusiastic speech. . The
men took the sticKs' and began to pound
in a few runs, which delighted the-popu
lace immensely. Pete Lohman was given
a* baby bat decorated- with red, white and
blue ribbons. '.A fan .remarked . that in
case Pete did not land the pennant the
cranks would use it in beating a tattoo
on .his head. ' ¦ ,- .
An - unusually large ;crowd was in at
tendance. The - management presented
every one , with . a rain , check. / McCreedie
made a great catch- of a. ball that was
batted out Into (the right field trees. .
Bain Stops Oakland Game.
Fifth race — Seven furlongs, selling; three
year-olds and upward.
(3604)Kitty Kelly . .107 3623 Breton . . ..... 98
3568 Nllgar .109 (3fllfl)Sly Ill
3627 Kllldoe . . . ... 95 '3609)Ishtar 03
3C04 Meehanus ... 114 3602 Bagdad ...... 109
3572 Moablna 93 '3599) Milas .100
3599 Dandy ..100 3597 Aloha II . 109
Sixth race — Mile and fifty yards, " selling;
three-year-olds and upwards .
3603 Lento 107 '3C10)Straggler ....112
3610 Tufts ........104 "J616)Limelight 112
3582 Free Lance . . 115 3567 Wolhurst ... .112
3588 Jim Hale .:..10» 3616 Horton- .... ..115
3C28 Diomed . . : . . .112 3580 Artllla '. 110
3553 Diderot 109 ....Ledaea 110
¦ Fourth race — Mile and a sixteenth., selling;
three-year-olds and upward: .
3606 Brutal 110 3628 Billy Lyons ..110
3615 La Borgia ...100 3000 Invictus 105
3610CaneJo ..106 3603 Kllleen 108
3610 Elfonse 110 3611 Vasallo . .105
3610Plan 113 3611 Pirate Maid .103
3C26 Gawalne 1 10 3622 Expedient ... 113
3f29 Rasp .... 105 3610 Anthracite ...106
3300 Justus Goebel.105
Third race — Five and 'fc half furlongs, sell-
Ing; four-year-olds and upward:' v 
3413 Intrada 98 3612 Fausturo ... 10*
3557 Modder 108 3C27 MacFlecknoe 111
3588 Sailor 98 3389 J.Rlchelleu Jr. 98
3503 Winnebejour .101 3575 Road Agent .. 98
3517 Novla ....... 109 3575 H. Thoburn ... 101
8573 Florlnel II ...101 3031 Mellocole 101
3C20 Alfred C . 114 3583 Relna de Cuba 90
3414 Talma Ill
Second race — Four furlongs, selling; two
year-old maiden fillies: /
3600 Sultema 112 3670 Josle Wheeler. 107
3600 Ercarola 197 3618 Amoruna 107
3600 Jen McGowan.107 3570 Mln. Drossel..l07
3523 Trim 107 3582 Katanga 107
3552 Gorgalete 112 35S2 Fire Dance ..107
3000 Md. Sherwood. 107 3C13 Phyz 107
The entries for this afternoon's events
at Oakland racetrack are as follows:
First' race — Five and a half furlongs, selling;
four-year-olds and upward: -^
3544 Rey Hooker. ..101 •, S167 Racivo 101
2569 Carlonian 108 3020 Senora Caesar. 99
3597 Idaho Chief II 98; 3419 Little Gun ...106
3426 Idalette . . 93 1 2866 The Scot .... 101
8341 Quindado 98 1 3377 John Welch ..111
32O Heraldo 101 1 3CO3 Casdale 101
3450 Auriffera .... 99! 3583 Aunt Mary ... 99
3430 The Fiddler .. OSi
Oakland Track Entries.
Runs responsible for— Waddell ¦ 1, Hickey 1.
Home run — Reilly. Sacrifice hits— Waddell,
Hannlvan. First base on errors— Los Angeles
2, Sacramento 3. First base on called balls —
Off Waddell 8. off Hickey &• Left on bases —
Los AngeleB 5, Sacramento 8. - Struck out — By
Waddell 5. by Hickey 3. Hit by pitcher —
Graham. Double play — Reilly to -Raymer to
Atherton. Passed balls — Anderson. Graham.
Time of game — One hour and thirty-flvij min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.' 0
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 2,-0 1 0 0 x— 3
Base hits ...... 1 0 0 1 0 0.1:1 x — 1
Sacramento' 0 0 1 ;1 0 0 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits Q^l 210 0 00 0 — I
Totals .'. ...!83 2 4-2 23 14 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. *b .... 5 0 10 1 4. 0
Doyle, . 2b 4 0 00 8 3 0
Rebsamen, cf • ..40 0 0-1 0 0
Birmingham, lb .... 4 0 0 0 12 1 1
Frary, rf .A.... 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Graham, c .......... 3 0. 1 1 3~:1 2
McCarthy. • If .... 3 1.1 1 1 00
lllckey, p 4 0 0 0 11 0
Brlseno, ss ....3 1 . 10 1 4 1
Totals.... ..27 3 .4 1 27 17 'S
SACRAMKNTO.
AB. R. BH.-SB. PO. A. E.
Toman', ss '. 4. 0 1 0 1.5 1
Hannlvan, If ....... 3 0 0 0 4 0 1
Atherton, lb 4 0 0 0 II 0 1
Householder, cf .... 4 1 1 0 10 0
Raymer. 2b 4 1 0 0 14 0
Reilly, 3b 1 11 1 1 5 0
Roach, rf ../ .... 3 V;.Ov 0 02 0 0
Anderson, c.. ...... 20 10 7 0 0
Waddell, p 2 0 0. 0 0 3 0
Afternoon Game.
LOS ANGELES.
remain to play for final honors. Two of
the scratch men, .Charles Ross and P.
Griffin, reached the finals, and after each
had won a set called the match off on ac
count of darkness. Following is a sum
mary of the play on the public courts:
Peeler (scratch) beat MacFarland (scratch),
7-5; O'Brien (scratch) beat Linstrom (15), 6-4;
Marr (owe 15) beat Martin (owe half 15), 7-5;
CJriffin (owe 15) tjeat Harrolin (scratch),- C-3;
London (scratch) beat Robinson - (owe naif 15).
•J-4; Saundofs (scratch) t>eax Greenough (owa
IS). 6-2; >llss Gardner (half 15) beat Page
«-4; Ross (owe 15) beat LaGarde
(scratch). 6-2. Second round — Peeler beat
O'Brien, C-3; Griffin beat Marr. 7-5; Saunders
'beat London. 6-3; Ross beat Miss Gardner.
6-4. Third round — Griffin beat Keeler, 6-3;
Roes beat Saunders, 6-3. Final — Ross vs. Grif
fin, 6-4, 4-6. The tie will be played off dur
ing the week.
In practice Kenneth Marr beat Turner. 6-0;
Harry Routh beat Griffin, 6-4; Wagner beat
Thierbault. 6-4. 4-6, 6-3; Routh and Dr. Brady
beat Griffin and Marr, 7-5; Marr beat Finni
ran. 6-4; George Bates and J. A. Code beat
"Wagner and Dr. Kemp, 6-4. The class tourna
ment for the challenge cups set for yesterday
was postponed until next Sunday.
Play on the California Club courts was
light. Some of the experts who live near
the courts furnished good matches. In
singles the results were as follows: W B
Collier, beat Harry Haight, 6—2. 6—2, 6— L
8 — 6; A. Worthington beat Dr. Noble. 6—4
*— 3; Joe Daily beat S. O'Brien, 6—1. 6—1
6-0; O'Brien (30) beat H. W. Crowell.
«— 2, 8—7; C. G. Kuehn beat L. E. Wood
6—3, 6—2, 8-«. 2—6; A. A. Moore beat W.
Starr, 6—3, 9—9; Sidney Salisbury and Or
ville Pratt tied. 7— 7; Daily beat Gus Su
tro, 6—1. 6—1, 6—2; J. G. Gibson Jr. beat
J. G. Gibson Sr., 7-5, 8-6; A. Melrose
beat Dr. Noble, 6—0, 6— L 6—1, 6—2. In
doubles Pratt and Salisbury beat Herman
Powers and H. E. Punnet. 6 — i. 4— « 5—7
6-2, 6-3, 6—4. ' '
Tloss and Griffin Will Meet During
the Week to Decide Which
Wins the Trophy.
The main events on the tennis court3
yesterday was the juvenile tournament at
Golden Gate Park. Fifteen boys and one
girl entered, and of that number but two
PAKE TENNIS MATCH
, BESUJL.TS IN A TIE
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 11 1 0 0 1 0 1^-5
Base hits 0 2 12 0 0 10 1—7
Oakland'. 2 0 10 1111 x— 7
Base hits 1 0 10 11 3 2 x— 9
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Dunleavy. Two-base hits —
Holly, Delmas', Bone. Sacrifice hits— Mohler.
Chrlstall, Krancks. Tirst base on errors —
Oakland 4. First base on called balls — Off
Meredith 1. off Christall 7. Left on bases— 4
San Francisco 0, Oakland 5. Struck out — By
Chrlstall 2.. Hit^by pitcher— Mohler, Leahy.
Double plays — Leahy to Delmas to Shugart:
Lawler to Delmas. Passed ball — Gorton.
Time . of game^l:55. Umpire — O'Connell.
Official scorer — Harry Cashman.
THREE CLEVER PLAYERS ON y
OAKLAND'S ALL-STAR BASE
BALL TEAM. V ¦ "
; - . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McHale, 1. f. ..4 10 0 0 0 6
Bone, 2b .....6 0 2- 0 1 6 1
Lawler, c. f .'; ". 6 " 0 1 0 2 1 0
Holly, a. B.r. .... 2 ;1 1 0 3 0 0
Bhugart, ; 3b. ...... ..'4 . 1 • 1 o '1 2 2
Leahy, c... 20 .0 0 12 1
Delmas, lb.. ....4 0 .2 011 2 l
Croll, r. I.....;.... 4 > 0 ¦ 0-0 2 0 0
Meredith, p..... 2 - 2 ;; 0 1 : 3 4 : o
: - • . ' • — -. — ¦ — — , .'-. _
Tctals ..32.75 .7 1 24 16 >C
OAKLAND. . .
AB." R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f 4. 2 1 1 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b ....2.1. 2 • 0 : 3 2 0
Btreib. lb ...... .J4 11. 1 16-' 0,0
McCreedie, r. f.v. ..-. .4 .0 1- 0 - 1'. 0~' 0
Devereaux, 3b. .'..... 4 1 o. 0' 1 ,2 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 1 2 . 1 . 0"' 0,' 0
Francks, «. s.. ...... 3 >,O,-'O 0 : 1 ' " 3 ' 0
Gorton, C...... 3 1 1 0 V'2 :' 1 ,•* 0
ChristeH, p... 3 0 .1 0 ;0; 6 0
Totals. ...........31' 7. 9 3:*20" 14 "~0
•Bone out for interfering with fielder. .*
SAN FRANCISCO.
San Franciscos' erratic infield work lost
them, the game. Meredith pitched splen
did ball, and was in the game from the
first to the last. Oakland fielded in bril
liant style, and batted the ball at pre
cisely, the proper Chrisiall
passed too many men to first, but the
Ponies could not hit him when men were
waiting" to score. -
The local field was thoroughly, punc
tured at the outset. Walters got a
scratch hit to first, .and little Mohler
sacrificed. Walters easily , completed • his
journey on Bone's fumble of Streib's
grounder, Streib taking second. 'Streib
was there when Shugart let Devereaux's
grounder pass him. Mohler's inneld sln
ble, Leahy's .wild \ throw and Streib's
scratch hit were the cause of • another
Oakland tally in the third. .
The Ponies • broke out 'of a walk in the
second. /Holly led. off with. a long double
to the right Held fence, and Delmas
scored him with a hot drive to right.
In the third Meredith was passed. Law
ler sent him up a turn with a single over
second. Holly preyed on ChrlstalTs gen
erosity, while a passed ball by Gorton
let Meredith in. ...
It kept on in a sort of see-saw way,
Oakland scoring during the third, fifth,
sixth, seventh and eighth rounds partly
by timely hitting and partly by the er
rors their -opponents were good enough to
make. The Ponies added three more to
their list in the fourth, seventh and
ninth. Sometimes it looked interesting,
and" the bunch in .both bleachers woufd
give vent to their pent-up feelings by
letting a few war-cries . escape, but it
was never*: really dangerous for the sub
urban -nine. • . •
Dunleavy reeled off a pretty, drive for
three cushions in the sixth. It went
straight out between McHale ¦ and Law
ler. and brought . in . auburn Bill Dever
eaux. Holly's drive looked 4 as good, as
Dunleavy's, but the local lad made only
two bases on it. Delmas performed . in
clever style with tne walloper, hitting
out a double and a clean single. Bone also
had his peepers working to a nicety, get
ting two hits. - j , .• . ,
¦ Lawler made a' splendid running catch
of McCreedie's sharp fly In the fifth and
neatly doubled up Streib at the first sack
McCreedie's catch of McHale's drive iii
the ninth was also a great feat, and pos
sibly shut off a couple of runs. : Delmas
executed a clever ¦ play when he, caught
Buck Francks stealing third after a sac
rifice during the third trial. The score* --
Fully 7500 humans were on the spot to
see the locals lose their fourth game.
Pome arrived in wagons, a few^lnwheel
barrowsAbut the majority developed their
leg muscles by doing a hot foot.' The sky
at times looked as though it would toss
cut a few juicy barrelfuls on those
who worked the bleachers overtime,: but
the multitude did not care. It was' there
to witness ay ball game, and had -the
pleasure of beholding one which, though
ragged in spots,' contained, a certain
amount of the ginger the "public says.it
would go miles to see.
Ponies ended their, second
I series of games yesterday at
I Recreation Grounds ' by j letting
' H Ewing's ¦¦ whirlwinds hand . it to
them done up in a' seven-to-five
.package. _.-.;:
Frary, rf ' 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Graham, c 411 0 4 1 0
Wagner. If .,3 0 10 1 11
Thomas, 2b ........ 3 0 0 0 2 3 1
Brlseno, ss ......... 3 1 1 0 0. : 3 0
- Totals ...33 2 8 0*22 14 -4
•Atherton out, hit by batted ball; Reilly out,
bunt -third strike. . . •
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0,2 2 0.2 1 0 0 "x— 7
Base hits 1 2 3 1 1 2 • 0 1 x— 11
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 — 2
Base hits 10 0 2 0 2 2 0 1—8
. | ¦ . . SUMMARY. '
Runs \ responsible for — Jones 1, ' Doyle 6.
Three-base hits — Slagle, Atherton. Two-base
hits — Reilly.- Roach, Raymer, Sheehan, Gra
ham. • Sacrifice hits — Roach, Jones. First base
on errors — Los' Angeles 3. First base on called
lialls — Off Doyle 4. Left on bases — Los An
ireles 7. Sacramento 4. Struck out— By Jones
>\. by Doyle 1. Double plays — Toman to Ather
ton. Toman to Raymer to Atherton. Passed
ball — Graham. Time of game — 1 hour and 25
minutes. Umpire — McDonald. .
OAKLAND. April 20.— The first homing
pigeon race of a series of four . for the
Self ridge cup was flown to-day from
Marysville under the direction of the Pa
cific Pigeon Club..
There were flfty-three competing hom
ers. They were released at 7 o'clock yes
terday morning by W. E. Carpenter at
Marysville. An hour before the birds be
gan to arrive rain was falling, and it was
through the falling drops" that the race
was completed. The time made was good
considering the weather conditions. B -T
McBain's birds won the race. Following
is the score: . '. ¦
B. T. McCain's H.H. 1G77. speed 998.86 yards
per minute; H.H. 1717, speed 998.86 yards per
minute.
J. A. Rogers' H.H. 1111, speed 0C9.77 yards
per minute; H.H. 1309, speed. 9G9.77 yards per
minute; H.H. 1878, speed 969.77 yards per min
ute; H.H. 1243. speed 901.90 yards per minute
J. G. Lubben's H.H. 1223, speed 958.17 yards
per minute.
A. Mclntyre's B.B. 864, speed 034.52 yards
per minute; B.B. 26fi, speed 924.70 yards per
minute; A. 19S8, speed 924.70 yards per minute.
A. Lemhart's A.L. 11-98, .speed 919.C7 yards
per minute. x
J, G. Lubben's B.B. 68, speed, 918.69* yards
per\mlnute; A. 1735. speed 918.09 yards per
minute; H.H. 1222, speed 818.09 • yards per
minute.
Is Won by B. T. McBain's
Birds.
First Contest in a Series of Four
HOMING PIGEONS RACE
THROUGH A RAINSTORM
There was a good breeze yesterday aft
ernoon in the channel and as the tide was
running out there was a considerable sea.
The Challenger, in charge of W. G. Mor
row, cruised from Sausalito, and her crew
had some practice in setting the spinna
ker and balloon Jib. Besides W. G. Mor
row there were on board Commodore R.
S. Bridginan, G. T. S. White, A. R. Has
klns, J. Follansbee, C. F. Austin and H.
H. Jenness. Though a good deal of water
came aboard, the sloop behaved beauti
fully in the choppy water
In addition to the Challenger the yawl
Royal and the sloop Halcyon of the San
Francisco Yacht Club were under way.
The yawls Arcturus and Spray and the
sloops Sappho and Harpoon of the Corin
thians, with the sloop Dixie of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club, were also out for a
cruise. Commodore R. S. Eridgman's
sloop Thetis is in commission. The crews
were hard at work yesterday on the
sloops Cygnus, Rover and Dewey. The
sloop Cygnus will be put on the beach at
Old Sausalito during the week, and will
be ready for the opening cruise next Sun
day. «
Charles _L. Fair has sold his gasoline
launch Lucero, which is said to have cost
him nearly $40,000, to the Alaska Commer
cial Company. She is most elaborately
and elegantly fitted up, having powerful
engines, an electric lighting and cooking
plant and handsome littings. It is said
the price for which she was sold is less
than her engines cost and considerably
less than she would have brought if
broken up and sold piecemeal. Her own
er made scarcely any use of her except
as a tender to his ark in Cordelia Slough
during the duck-shooting season.
Ihe Challenger Cruises in Rough
"Water and a Stiff Breeze in
the Channel.
YACHTSMEN PEEPABE
FOB OPENING DAYS
First race, boys under 14 years, 11 starters —
Won by J. McCormlck, George Lahey second.
Second race, for girls under 14 years — Won by
Ethel Hunter, with Ella Johnson a close sec-i
ond. Third race, for young men — Won by Ed
die Rossle. T. O'Brien second. Fourth, race,
for young, ladies — Won by Miss Ella Haley,
Miss Rebecca Tennyson second. Fifth race, for
married ladles — Won by Mrs. J. Kelly. Mrs.
W. Lahey eecond. Sixth race, for manted
men — Won by R. Rapato. S. Skinner second.
Seventh race, for delegates and alternates to
the Grand Parlor — Won by S. Capori, S. Ratori
second. Eighth race, for members' wives —
Won by Mrs. Green, Mrs. Sevens second. Ninth
race, for members— AVon by ; T. O'Connor, S.
Khehey second. Tenth race, for committee
Won by S. Baclgalupi, H. Jackson second.
Committee of arrangements — Frank Sainsot,
chairman; Charles Capurro. secretary; Dr. W.
N. Jackson. George Ash, Ed Quierolo, Frank
Flynn. Bep Levy, Steve Danova, Robert Mc-
Carry, T. J. Dinan, R. P. Troy, Joseph Cot>
tello. F. Fivaz, Joeeph Kirk. A. S. J. Maxzini,
R. Demartini, G. Bacigalupl, William McPher
t-on. -
The prizes for the races were won by
the following named:
Floor committee — Ben Levy, floor manager;
Dr. W. N. Jackson, 'assistant; Ed Rittore, John
Xelson, Charies Mitchell, Joseph Rizzo, Thomas
Hearty, Frank llarinl. John Hennlng, R. P."
Troy. Dave Capurro, Ed/Ruther. Fred Sever
ance. Thomas McGlynn. Charles Heverln,
James Griffin. Jerry Sullivan.
The eighth annual picnic and excursion
of San Francisco Parlor Xo. 49, Native
Sons of the Golden West, took place at
Schuetzen Park yesterday. The rain in
the early morning did not deter a large
crowd of people from attending and not
until a late hour did the festivities end.
Dancing, races and games were indulged
in. The committees were as follows:
Enjoy an Outing at Schuetzen
Park.
Members, Their Families and Friends
NEWARK. N. J.. April 20.— The esti
mated number of persons at the Vails
fturg cycle track to-day was 6000. The
feature of the day was the quarter-mile
race, flying start, for professionals. It
was won by the national champion,
Frank Kramer, in 28 2-5 seconds. This
creates a new world's record. Floyd Mc-
Farland of San Jose, CaL, was second.
The old record was made by Dr. A. I.
Brown of Pecatur, 111., October 13, 1894.
In the five-mile handicap for profes
sionals both the national and the five
mile champions were beaten. Kramer
took the lead in the last lap, but in the
homestretch Fenn, the five-mile cham
pion, overhauled him. McFarland then
came fast from behind and managed to
beat them both out by a few inches.
Mile Handicap at Vailsburg.
Defeats Cb-ampion Kramer in Five-
SAN FRANCISCO PARLOR
HOLDS ANNUAL PICNIC
FLOYD KcFAELAND A WINNER
Champion stake, first round — Alameda Ken
nels' Merrimac beat- T. J. Mclnerney's Annie
Hall 3-2; Pasha Kennels' Real Article beat T.
J. Cronln's Vandal. 5-3; Chlarini Bros.' Dew
drop beat . Pasha- Kennels' ¦ Rural Artist, 7-2;
A R. Curtis' Beacon beat Alameua Kennels'
A* J Martin, 10-4; A. R. Curtis' Rector b.eat
D* Walsh's Sacramento Boy, 4-2; O. Zahl's
Homer Boy beat E. Geary's America, 6-0; T.
J. Cronin's Tame Tralee beat T. J. Mclnerney's
Nora, 6-4; E; Geary's Palo Alto beat T. J.
Cronin*B Tralee Boy. 5-2.
sa Second round — Merrimac beat Real Article,
6-3; Beacon beat Dewdrop. 10-4; Hpmer-Boy
beat Rector, 7-1; Palo Alto beat Tarns Tralee,
6-0. --,..
Third round — Beacon beat Merrimac, . 7-0;
Homer Boy beat Palo Alto. 8-6.
1 Deciding course — Beacon beat ' Homer Boy,
6-0. n ¦ ¦ ~: •»*
Puppy stake, second round — J. I.. Ross* Cres
wick beat A. R. Curtis' Medea, 18-1; F. A.
McComb's Otto beat Aeneid Kennels' May
Morning. 5-2; J. Regan's Menlo Prince beat
P. Doyle's High Stepper, 8-3; J. Sullivan's
Slievenamon beat Chiarinl Bros/ Concord Boy,
19-4. . ¦ • ¦
Third round — Otto beat Creswlck. 12-9; Men
lo Prince beat Slievenamon. 3-1."
Deciding course — Menlo Prince beat Otto, 5-3.
Reserve stake, third round — J. H. Bishop's
Aigryle beat F. • Rosenberger's Lady Chlqulta,
5-1: M. Dillon's Challenger beat F. C. Mack's
Delia M, 4-2; A. J. Ernest's Rich Argosy beat
T: • Jolley's Toronto, 4-O; M. Kerrigan's Pro
metheus beat G. Welch's Little Lucy, 10-3.
- Fourth round — Argyle beat Challenger, 6-1;
Rich Argosy beat Prometheus,' 9-4.
. Deciding course — Argyle beat Rich ¦ Argosy,
5-3.- r.«s : ¦ j x
The card presented to the patrons of
Union Coursing Park yesterday resulted
in as fine coursing as has been seen at
th.d grounds in many" months. The four
stakes offered , proved a strong attraction,
and, despite the hurtful influence of the
streetcar tie-up, were well patronized.
A. R. Curtis' Beacon took first honors
in the Champion stake, beating Horned-
Boy pointless in the' deciding course. The
fast blue courser proved easily the class
dog of the ctake, and his clever and rapid
work in the company of worthy op
ponents came In for favorable comment
Efeacon, to reach the final, had to dis
pose of such good ones as A. J. Martin,
Dewdrop and Merrimac, and in- each
trial took the decision quite handily.
Homer Boy, the runner-up, was a
strong factor- in the going, arfd until he
met defeat in the course with the Curtis
champion was an easy winner in his
trials. In the first round Homer Boy was
drawn with America, and ended the
course without allowing his opponent to
score. Following this he earned the flag
from fast Rector, a high-priced " candi
date for stake honors and a 2 to 1 fa
vorite for the course. The semi-final
found ¦ Homer Boy on the card against
Palo Alto. Geary's dog ruled, choice at
1 to 2. In the run-up he showed much
speed over the Boy, and it looked .an
easy victory for him. With . honors
within easy reach, however, the great
sprinter evidenced a desire to ease up
in his work, and from that point he ran
a disappointing course. Homer Boy was
quick ; in taking advantage, and at the
finish was on the long end of an 8 tc 6
scare.
Harlean Gladys - won the open stake,
with Roman Athlete runner-up. The win
ner was favorite in all her trials, and
her victories were on merit. Roman Ath
lete proved a good investment for his
backers, beating Sofala and Cascade at
6 .to 3 and Sir Pasha at 3 to 1. Short
lenders made a good showing in the stake,'
thirteen taking honors from the favor
ites.
In the Reserve stake. Argyle beat Rich.
Argosy in the final by a score of 5 to 3.
The winner was backed off the board
Saturday.
Menlo Prince annexed ¦ the puppy stake,
and proved a surprise to the wise ones.
He led and beat High Stepper • at 4 to
1, outworked Sllevenamon at 5 to 3, and
af 5 to 2 won the stake from Otto.
Following are the - day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores: '
Open stake, second round — T. Burke'a Aggie
"W beat Yosemite Kennels' Mose, 4-1; CO.
Peterson's Haphazard beat Sterl & Knowles'
Ollta. 6-0; E. Geary's Fenli beat P. Doyle's
Liberator. 3-2; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer
beat J. L. Ross' Loyal Lad. 0-1: H. H. Gray's
Rona beat A.. McLeodV Royal Friend. 3-2;
Alameda Kennels'- Melrose Lad beat Chiarinl
Bros.' Sempronius. 10-1; E. .Geary's Ireland beat
A. Vanderwhite's Lear King. ' 4-0; F. Jonea'
Harlean Gladys beat J. L. Ross* Her»chel'»
Pride, 2-0; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat
P..M. Clarkson's Sofala. 4-1; J. Carroll's Mas
ter Clalr a bye.'Brljrht Gold withdrawn; C. G.
"Whallon's Gllmore beat J. -Sheridan's Forest
Queen 3-2; G. Sharman's Sir Pasha beat T.
Jolley's Little May, 5-0; Aeneid Kennels' Fine
Fire beat J. Mortality's KUtleman, 3-2; W. N.
Hoag's Cecil M beat L. Lagomaslno's La Belle.
10-6 ;.J. Carroll' 8 Cascade beat Alameda Ken
nels' Lilac, 5-3; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat J.
WJ Fahey's October Lad. 3-2.
Third' round — Haphazard beat Aggie W. 7-1;
Fcnll beat Royal Archer, *6-3; Rona beat Mel
rose Lad, 2-0; Harlean Gladys beat Ireland, 7-3:
Roman Athlete beat Master Clalr. 6-3; Sir
Pasha beat Gllmore. 3-2; Fine Fire beat Cecil
M 8-7; Cascade beat Rocker, 3-1. ¦ :
Fourth round — Fenil beat' Haphazard. 3-1;
Harlean Gladys beat. Rona, 4-0; Roman Ath
lete beat Sir Pasha, 4-2; Cascade beat Fine
Fire 4-2.
Fifth round — Harlean Gladys beat Fenil. 4-0;
Roman Athlete beat Cascade. 7-2.
Deciding course — Harlean Gladys beat Ro
man Athlete, 6-4. :
During the morning there was a heavy
downpour of rain, which rendered the
course unfit for racing. Chairman Rambo
held the race until 1 o'clock, when, the
condition of the course remaining the
same, it was postponed until next Sun
day morning. The members of the
Garden City Wheelmen and of the Bay
' City Wheeimen were anxious to ride un
der the conditions as they found them.
Owing to the possibility of accidents, it
was deemed advisable to order the
postponement.
The riders provided themselves with
burlap covers for the journey home, and
presented an odd appearance on the
road.
The day was to have marked the rirst
tunning of the Eldridge cup race, for
which five clubs had entered teams of
ten men each. M. C. Rambo, the ener
getic <Jiairman of the California Asso
ciated JjCyclists* racing committee had,
with his associates, made all the neces
sary preparations for the event.
The rain yesterday morning Interfered
¦with what gave promise of being one of
the mcst sensational bicycle races held
in years on the San Leandro triangle.
The report from California is to the
effect that the Baldwin stable has been
backing the colt in the future books with
a vengeance. James O'Leary confirms
the report, and says he has laid $22,500
against $1500 on the chances of Cruzados
during the past week.
Cruzados is quoted at odds of 12 to 1 in
O'Leary's winter book, being on even
terms with McChesney and Runnells. Abe
Frank is still at 7 to 1, and it is reported
$1000 has been wagered on his chances at
these odds during the past week. The
"bunch" of money is supposed to have
come from Memphis, but George C. Ben
nett, owner of the colt, (has not been men
tioned in connection with the wagering.
Since Abe Frank's race in the Tennessee
Derby there has been less enthusiasm
about him. It is conceded that Bennett's
colt does not necessarily hold a mortgage
on the blue ribbon event.
CHICAGO. April 20.— There is evidently
something doing in California.' Cruzados,
according, to reports, has been backed for
the American Derby as if "Lucky" Bald
win's horse had already swept under the
wire a winner.
Special Dispatch 'to The Call.
Odds Are Cut in the Winter
. Book on the Califor
nia Horse. /
Will Be Held Next Sunday
at San Leandro Under
Same Conditions.
Four Stakes at Union Park
Result in Great
¦> Sport.
Roads Prove Too Muddy
for Safe and JTastx^*
Riding.
Has High Opinion of His
Colt's Chances in
the Derby.
in the Champion
Captures First Honors
BALDWIN BACKS
FAST CRUZADOS
BEACON BEATS
FAST COURSES
CYCLISTS' RACE
IS POSTPONED
BASEBALL, COURSING, TENNIS, YACHTING, RACING AND SUNDRY SPORTS
THE SAN yFB^
Local Infield Makes Numerous Errors at. Gritical^ Times Whi^h
Practically.' Decides the Contest— Dunjeayy. Gets a Three-Base
Hit— Lawler and McCreedie Are^ Gheered 'i f or Clever Plays
OAKLAND OUTCLASSES THE PONIES
AND WINS FOURTH STRAIGHT GAME
6
-AT> V K'KT I S F.TVrF,T7T3_
This signature hi on every .box of the germfai*
Laxative Brorao-QuinineTabieu
tki remeOf ' that lean* a cold in on e <U»
i visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat /)
fMUSEUH OF ANftTGtm
A Cm ' 1051 UA2ZE7 C7. tat. 6&37£, Z.7.ZH, i
\ <Ql The Largest Anatomical Musietunia the »
§ H5¥lSa S' orid " » v e» kne »« J »' *n y contracted A
i\ VEEfl ??"' *•••««•-» 7 rt.rt.dhy the oldest Y
O /gTS-3 1 >P«m^t on ihe Co*,:, tst. 36 years.
f $%&h ER. J0RDAN-0ISEASE3 0? MEN ()
\ F\&S55B Consultation free and sti !<•::» rririte \
9 B ffi^i B Tr «* !In e T " personally or by l-ttet A A
ION HA P—**"" Cfr* in every cue undertaken. \
Jf II Uh Write for Book. FBILO«orav at A
X Q fj.' «luible book for mm) \
™ BU.JonD.4X A CO.. 1051 AlarfePtHL.a P. 9
rf «yfc k TIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
ASr^ihi. MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
£g& w emV have been In use over fifty
ffiC *?&=» years by th « Naders of tha
B»»Sr -iiivfia Mormon Church and their
KBifl 'uHEbBI followers. Positively cure th*
IBiiR '/JkSiM worst ca3ea In old and youn j
Q!; IT" Iga arising from effects of self-
ifi«!»n)J aJSf abuse, dissipation, excesses or
W2SL.(*£l3I cigarette-smoking Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back.' Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, CS! Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner "j MJ 'vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are JTZ. WT . H immediate. Im-
part .vigor and pote *»¦>" * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box: tt for
(2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with » boxes. Circulars fre«.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis «t. t
San Francisco, CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. W
and 40 Third st.
Two Facts
There are more people to-day than
ever before suffering from stomach
• and liver troubles, which, in many
cases, result from chronic
Physicians all over the world have
testified that the Best and Safest
, Laxative for the positive cure of Con-
stipation, Disordered Stomach aad
Liver is
Sirayadl Aiiufc
NATURAL LAXATIYB MIXEX.iL WATES.
Always Ask
your Druggist for Hunyadl Janos
(Full Name) and see that you get it.
Substitutes are worthless.CARTOONIST WARREN'S IMPRESSION OF JOHN MORRISEY OF .THE ORPHEUM AS' HE -RUSHED FOR AN
OUTWARD BOUND TRAIN YESTERDAY MORNING. ANO SOME OF THE PEOPLE" WHO WILL VVNXIOUSLY
WATCH AND WAIT UNTIL HE ARRIVES" IN TOWN 'AGAIN. . • .- . ' *. '
- HAVANA. April 20. — President-elect Palma
landed at Glbara this morning. There was a
great manifestation in his honor.
William A. Parry, a sergeant major of
Company A, * Eleventh . Infantry, com
plained to the police that on last Saturday
night he was robbed of $400 In. gold coin
while he was drinking with a woaan In a
Market-street concert hall. He claimed
that the woman administered to him a
dose of chloral and that while under the
influence of the drug she rifled his pock*
ets. Parry will sail for Manila on . tha
transport Crook to-day, so he will be un
able to prosecute the thief In the event of
her arrest.
Soldier Bobbed in Concert Hall.
.The Liberal Democratic party will hold
a State convention in Cooper Union on
June 7, at which a. full State ticket will
be nominated. This announcement means
that there will be two Democratic candi
dates for Governor In the field next No
vember and that the Bryanites' fight
against Hill is to be carried to the Dolls.
Norman E. Mack, New York member
of the Democratic National Committee,
has been In the West conferring with tha
Nebraska leader. .
Mr. Bryan recently, suggested the nom
ination of Mr. Mack for Governor. The
announcement that the Bryanites would
run an independent campaign in this
State is the first step toward carrying out
Mr. Bryan's ideas about the New York
situation.
This movement is believed by politicians
to be a part of Mr. Bryan's general plan
to eliminate Hill as a candidate for the
Presidential nomination in 1904. Now that
the various Democratic factions have
agreed on Hill 'for leader in the coming
campaign, his prominence in the event
of success at the polls is giving the Bry
anites great concern.
They calculate that Hill can be headed
off aa a Presidential possibility by tha
nomination of a third ticket this fall and
the consequent defeat of the regular Dem
ocratic candidate for Governor.
The sub-committee on organization ol
the Liberal Democratic party consists ol
Melvin G. Palliser, James R. Brown,
George W. Thompson and Robert Stew
art of this city; J. W. F. Ruttenber of
Newburg, Jay Forrest of Albany, Edgat
L. Ryder of Ossoning and J. S. Corbin ot
Gouverneur. Among the active spirits arq
several of Mr. Mack's lieutenants in
Western New York, 'j&a*
.¦ ¦ • • ¦• . ¦
Special" Dispatch to The CalL , ..^
•^NEW YORK, April 20.— New York ¦
friends of William J. Bryan will fight tha
plan to make ex-Governor David B. Hill
leader of the Democratic party In this
State. The Liberal Democratic party is
the name of the new organization through
which the Bryanites expect to encompass
the defeat of Mr. Hill and his friends. An
nouncement of the formation of this party .
was made yesterday. Several of Mr. Bry
ran's mos: devoted followers are members
of . tne sub-committee on organization. ;
New Democratic Party
Is Organized In
New York.
BRYAN'S FIGHT
AGAINST HILL
HONOLULU, April 14.— Valllma, the*Sa
moan home* of Robert Louis Stevenson,
which was bought by a German million*
aire named August Kunst, Is to be given
in part by him for a public hospital.
Kunst is well known in Hawaii and 'Sa
moa, spending his time in the two placea,
and he has made a fortune in Samoa. He
has decided to give ten acre* of .land ¦ for
the hospital. ' : ¦
Gives Land for a Public Hospital.
WASHINGTON. April 20.— China has
forwarded, through Minister Conger, a
protest against our method of herding
Chinese immigrants in pens in San Fran
'cisco and other points on the Pacific, pre
liminary to the investigation of their
right to land. The protest is also aimed
at the treatment of Chinese merchants
and others and the methods employed to
send them back to China, The protest
purports to come from the Emperor, who,
without guile, says among other things:
. "I find upon examination that the PhlN
ippines are not far from China."
This important geographical discovery
is causing considerable merriment la
Washington.
Method" in Vogue in San
Francisco.
Emperor Sends Protest Against tha
OBJECTS TO HERDING OP
CHINESE IMMIGRANTS
KINGSTOX, Jamaica, April 20.—Passen
gers on, the Royal Mall steamer Trent,
which arrived here to-day from Colon,
Colombia, . say heavy fighting was pro
ceeding In the neighborhood of Panama
and Bocas del. Toro on Friday. The of
ficers of the Trent declare the situation
on the isthmus snows no improvement.
COLON, Colombia, April 20 (5 p. m.).—
The Government is taking active meas
ures to dislodge from Bocas del Toro the
Liberals who captured that town Friday.
It has chartered the German steamer
Hencynia, which Is flow sailing for Bocaa
with 500 Government troops. The steamer
is under contract to turn the troops over
to the Colombian gunboat General Pin
zon off Bocas. General Forrara is in
command of the expedition.
' No further news has been received from
Bocas. Two other battalions now on the
isthmus will be sent to Bocas should they
be required. ...
Colombian Government Will
Try to Recapture the
Town of Bocas.
News Reaches Kingston
of a Conflict. Near
Panama.
HEAVY FIGHT ING
ON THE ISTHMUS
~, MILAN, April 20. — In the election held here
to fill a seat in, the Chamber of Deputies, yis
; nor Turasni. the Socialist candidate, was elect
i ed^wlth 2SS3 votes. ¦
• . Sunday, April 20.
• Bark Annie Johnson, Williams, 15 days from
HilO. . - • .-•";¦ i ¦"¦ "¦•¦¦-¦' ' '•¦¦ " ' • * ' , •
; Schr.Mary C. Campbell. 10 hours from Bo
dega.';" ¦ );' rT'- : ¦"'•¦' -¦¦•-:¦--¦'¦., ¦ v- ¦ .' . .(,-.
SAILED.
'.-'¦¦ . - : Sunday, April 20. •
Br stmr Wyefleld. .Wataon. . Nanalmo.
CHRISTIANIA, April > 20.— M. Blehr; has
formed a ; new Cabinet with"., himself ¦ as ' Pre
mier ' and . Minister : of the . Interior. - M. Q vam,
former Minister of Justice and . Police, becomes
Minister of State at Stockholm. - 4
'] ,We are selling : agents • for . the '.'Waiter-'
man S Ideal ¦¦; Fountain t Pens.^i • $2 66 \ to '- $10 -
eaclV - and 'sole 'agents for -the "Mar
shall." the': best : $1 fountain : pen' In the
world. : , Sanborn, Vail & ' Co., 741 Mar
ket^ street. ::.. . , • "
The Best Fountain Pens.
PARIS, April 20.— American jockeys cap
tured, the lion's share of the honors at
Long Champs ' to-day. ;, Mclntyre • won the
principal event, the fifty-fifth Prix Blen
nlel, and took' one second and onevthlr*d
place. J. Relff won the Independent La
coupe, race and had , one second, i ; Martin
and Henry scored 7 two firsts and one
third:* Buchanan had two .thirds and ;
Rigby.had one third. : . .: , -;
American Jockeys Finish First.
arrived:
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
I LAS ,CRUCES, r N. ; M.;;^ April 20.— Tom
Brown, an employe of the Blsbee Railroad
Contracting , Company, committed suicide
this morning by cutting his throat.r Drink
is supposed; to be 'the cause. He leaves, a
wife and two children,^ who are now in
California. •"¦-,;> U,V' >¦¦ •; v '. • '
Drink Leads to Suicide.
. CINCINNATI. April 20.— The brewery, of the
Christian Moerlin Company suffered- a • loss
of over $100,000 from flre to-day. Andrew Moer
lin was seriously injured by falling from his
buggy en route to the flre. : Richard Porter
•and, John "O'Keefe, firemen," .were, badly In
jured.'. ';',¦. -¦;'¦¦ ;. ..."¦
.* SAN RAFAEL, April 20.— L. Steigler of
San Francisco met with a severe accident
while riding on a, bicycle near Greenbrae
to-day. One of the wheels broke and
Steigler was thrown to the ground. Hi3
hose was broken .and his lower lip was
badly lacerated.. He also sustained many
cuts on. the face and head.
Bicycle Rider Severely Injured.
SAN DIEGO, April 20.— For the first
time eince the Coronado Hotel opened,
fourteen years ago. the doors arc to be
closed to-morrow at noon. The hotel will
not reopen for several months. During
the summer it Is to be remodeled In some
parts and enlarged in others in order to
accommodate the . immense business
which, during the tourist season, is larger
than it can handle.
Coronado Hotel to Be Enlarged.
i HONOLULU, H. T., April 14.—Lieuten
ant Colonel J. L. Chamberlain, of the De
partment of California, who has been
nere for some days on a tour of inspec
tion, denies thn reports that have been
published on the coast to the effect that
ne is to be transferred to the Department
of Manila. He has reviewed the Hawaiian-
National Guard since coming here, and
expects to return to San Francisco "by the
steamship Alameda, leaving on April 30.
Chamberlain Is Coming Back.
. HANOVER; : Prussia, April 20.— Emperor
William, Crown Prince Frederick William
and representatives of all the cavalry reg
iments of the empire were present to-day
at the. unveiling here of a ' monument
erected in honor of General' von Rosen
berg/ the commander ' of the Thirteenth
Uhlan regiment' during the war of 1870.
Emperor William, and Count von Walder
»ee.-, who was : commander; of "the allied
forces in China, made speeches at the
banquet which followed the unveiling cer
emony.
Honor Memory of Army Hero.
'BALTIMORE, April 20.— Colonel Charles
Marshall, military secretary to General
Robert E., Lee, during the Civil War ard
for many years one of the leaders of the
Baltimore bar, died .: of apoplexy at his
home here late .last night, aged 72 years.
He was the only member of Lee's staff
who accompanied him at the surrender at
Appomattox. The terms of. the surrender
were grafted by him. "-. ; .
Colonel Charles Marshall.
SEATTLE. April 20.— The extensive
building operations to be carried on by
the War Department at tne various posts
In the Philippines have necessitated a
iarge supply of lumber. Through the local
quartermaster's office proposals for bids
have been invited for furnishing and de
livering on board shin 1.119.SG3 teet of
rough fir lumber. According to the speci
fications the material must be delivered
by May 20 at the latest. '
Lumber for the Philippines.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 20.— Fire vis
ited the southwestern part of this city to
day, laying waste a section' of dwelling
houses almost a quarter of a mile, long
and a block wide, and doing damage 'to
the amount of 175,000. John. Slinne " of
Qulncy, 111., a spectator, was seriously In
jured by a falling piece of iron, and .Ed
ward Bennett, a fireman, was overcome
by heat/ About fifty dwelling houses were
destroyed and sixty or more families were
rendered homeless and destitute. Tne
burned district is bounded , by Twenty
fourth, -Twenty-fifth, Falrmount^and Jar
boe streets. * , .. .' . . . .
Sixty Families Homeless.
SALONICA. European Turkey, Apiil
20.— Another fight between Turkish troops
and eighteen Bulgarians occurred April
10 nsar Killndlr. .Eight of the Bulgarians
were killed and the others escaped. Three
of the dead wore the uniform of the Bul
garian army. ..-v..-' - : ' ¦
Results in Victory Cor the
Sultan's Forces.
Fight Takes Place Near Kilindir and
TURKISH TROOPS DEFEAT
A PABTY OF BULGARIANS
HONOLULU, ,T. H.; April . 14.— The
strike of Japanese laborers at Kona plan
tation has been settled and the laborers
have resumed work. M. F. Scott r _the re
ceiver, is in charge, and. expects to har
vest the crop and thus get the plantation
out of its difficulties. The Japanese con-.
sul.'-Mlki Salto, went to Kona and suc
ceeded in convincing his countrymen that
it. was to their Interest to work and await
a settlement. ,
Japanese Strikers Resume Work.
Honolulu Republicans Carry Election
HONOLULU. April 14.-^-The special elec
tion held on the 9th to cnoose a successor
to the late Representative A. F. GUfillan
resulted In a victory for the Republican
candidate, W. "\V.- Harris, against August
Dreier, nominated by ; the :Home Rulers
and 5 indorsed by the, Democrats. Republi
can gains were shown generally through
out the Fourth District,/ in" which the
election was held. The vote was: Harris
&81, Dreier 674. In the last regular elec
tion the Republican, GUfillan, , polled 1286
votes,; while the Home Ruler and Demo
crat polled, respectively, 914 and 650, mak
ing the combined vote of the two parties
1564.. ....• ¦ /. ¦¦ ; : . ¦"; : -.¦'. •' ¦¦¦'¦-. .
SAN DIEGO, April 2O.-The Golden
Cross mines and mill at Hedges, in this
county, which have i been accounted
among the big wealth-producing gold
mines of the county, have been shut down
and nearly all of the men have been dis
charged. The cyanide plant will be con
tinued in operation, however, handling the
tailings left by the mill. There are about
SOO.OOO tons of tailings, and at the rate of
400 or 500 tons a- day it will take some
time to get them out of the way. The lit
igation into which the mine has been
thrown is the cause of the shutting down.
Golden Cross Mines Shut Down.
.SEATTLE,; April 20.— The preliminary
locating and surveying work on the Alas
ka Central Railway, which is projected by
a* number of men prominent in business
affairs In this pity and -State, will, begin
within a shorts time. Two parties will
leave for the north on May 1 and others
will follow on May, 16. at which time Chief
Engineer A. M. Anderson 1 will go to Alas
ka-to oversee the work planned. Actual
construction work will begin within three
months.,
Alaska Railway Surveyors Busy.
WASHINGTON. April 20.-Colonel *E.
Crowder of the army, who has been inves
tigating: the charges that tile British Gov
ernment was maintaining a supply station
In Louisiana for horses for the use of the
British in the fight with the Boers, saw
Acting Secretary Sanger at the War De
partment 10-day, to whom he outlined the
nature of the investigation he had made
and submitted a report Sanger declined
to talk concerning the report.
To-night Colonel Crowder and Sanger
?aw the President and the latter was in
formed of the nature of the report Colo
nel Crowder would •make.
British Supply Station.
Completes Investigation Into Alleged
CROWDER SUBMITS REPORT.
ST. LOUIS, April 20.— The jury in the
case against William Stroether, the negro
charged with the murder of A. Deane
Cooper, the millionaire who was killed in
a bathhouse several months ago was un
able to agree on a verdict after being out
all. last night, and at an early hour this
morning was discharged by Judge Ryan.
The jury stood seven for acquittal and
five for conviction. Seven ballots were
taken. According to the statement of one
of the jurors, the first ballot stood six for
conviction and six for acquittal. On the
second ballot one of the jurors changed
his vote from conviction to acquittal. The
other ballots showed no change.
Stroether Jury Unable to Agree.
It is a remarkable sight, a spot where
the. most blase- globe trotter stands in
mute wonder. : With the exception of: a
single cottonwood ttrunk,.the trees are of
an extinct coniferous species and lie upon
the ground. The section or ends of the
logs show brilliant reds and yellows ;and
dull blues. Thebark is not brilliant, but
dull, and wonderfully 1 "preserved. Some
trees show even the knots to perfection."
Some of the petrified^ logs are fiur feet
in diameter and from ten to twelve feet
long. -
Here and there are heaps of chips from
the petrified trees and the beauty of color
is bewildering. There are thousands or
bushels of chips that are red moss agate
and may be beautifully^ polished. There
are many times more chips of amethyst,
gray topaz and varl-hued agates, show-
Ing the grain of the. trees as they grow
millions of years ago. One may obtain
cross sections of logs, showing in com
plete detail the annual ring marks and
separation of . the bark' from the trees.
The action of heat and .cold has broken
most of the fossils into sections from two
to twenty feet long, and; some, of . them
must have been immense trees. .
"Agate Bridge" is the ..most notable
feature In 'this land, of wonders. The
"bridge" is a tree trunk transformed into
the finest ; agate, :< which ; spans; a chasm
sixty feet wide. This; precrous gem -is 110
feet long. and five feet and three inches in
diameter at | the ¦ base, v tapering to three
feet at the apex, . and < it contains \ enough
material to give labor. to all the lapidaries
in the world for the next generation.
Scientists state that, the Arizona forest
belongs far back in the mesoic time, prob
ably to the triasslc formation, while the
smaller forests found elsewhere are of
the tertiary age. The difference In their
aiuiciuity ls, v therefore, probably v many
million years. The forest proper covers
about two square miles, but petrified trees
are to-be found'ln an area of fifty square
miles. ' . v- ¦ . .
PHOENIX.'Ariz., April 20.— The passage
in the House of Representatives a few
days ago ; of a bill setting aside as a na
tional park the great petrified forest of
Northern Arizona, came just In time to
save from destruction" a wonderful nat
ural curiosity which has but one equal on
this continent, 4 that of the Grand Canyon
of the Colorado. The forest is in the midst
of the great desert of Apache. Fifty
miles to the north is the Navajo Indian
reservation, somo eighty-five miles to the
northwest Is the Grand Canyon of the
Colorado, and intervening are several an
cient Mokl pueblas, perched on their table
lands or mesas of. stone. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-Up to 10 o'clock to-night. there was little
moderation : of ' the high : temperature in
this city and a high : wind ' blew. - '
TOPEKA, Kans., April 20.— A dry, hot
wind drouth has swept over Kansas since
early this morning, doing much damage
to vegetation of all: kinds. Th.ose inter
ested say the wind has done incalculable
l>arm to the wheat. Unless rain comes
within two days the wheat crop will
amount to very little. .
: ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 20.— The mer
cury began to climb about 9 o'clock this
morning, and at noon registered as-high
as 92, a change of more than 40 degrees
in six hours. A high south wind blew all
day. ¦ ¦ . . ,' ¦(• ¦ ; ¦ ¦ " \- - ;
A dispatch : from Falls. City say3 the
mercury reached 100 in the shade at that
place, and that the fall: wheat Is suffer
ing from the lack of moisture. Other
points, in. Southern Nebraska report
record-breaking temperatures for April.
While no prostrations occurred, the
high .temperature was responsible for
several attacks of illness, two occurring
in one church during the day.
OMAHA, April 20.-To-day .was the
hottest April day in fifteen years. The
thermometer, at 5 p. m. reached 95, the
highest previous record being 91. ' - \C
SAN DIEGO, April 20.— After a day
which had threatened rain from the be
ginning, a thunder storm came in to-night
from the ocean and gave San Diego Coun
ty a wetting that will do much good, al
though the fall was not large at. any
point. Rain commenced falling in San
Diego about 6 o'clock .and It came " In
showers. Reports from the back country
Ehow that the rain, was general through
out the southeastern portion.
The fall will make" the grain crop cer
tain and will assure a big honey yield,
which is now counted on as likely to be
the largest the county ha3 ever furnished.
The county will ship upwards of $50,000
worth of honey this spring.
BAKERSFIKLD, April 20— Rain began
falling heavily this afternoon at 6 o'clock
and was preceded - by a sand storm.
Should the < rain continue through
the night H will be of untold ben
ellt to the farmers, Insuring good crops.
The indications are that the rain will con
tinue, as the barometer Is steadily falling.
STOCKTON. April 20.— Farmers are re
joicing all over the county Ijecause of the
heavy downpour this afternoon. .The soil
was given a good wetting and grain and
feed will be greatly benefited.
SANTA CRUZ, April 20.— Rain fell this
morning. It tvaa needed to keep the
grass growing. - .
PACIFIC GROVE. April 20.— Rain began
falling here about 10 o'clock this morning
and has continued all day. It Is general
through this section. . v •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The object of the Knights of the Royal
Arch is the establishment of a universal
i'rothcrhood operating as a secret society
under a ritual for the purpose of mutual
irr.-provement. protection, advancement
mid benefit and to promote the moral, so
cial." intellectual and physical welfare of
members, their families and dependents
; :nd to provide for, aid and protect all
rr.cmbTS in distress and the families and
<1'.pcudeuts of those deceased.
Jerome A. Bassity will extend the hos
¦nitality of San Francisco L<odge No. 2,
Knights of the Royal Arch. Mr. Bassity
Is the valiant commander of the San
Francisco Ix>dge and has done a great
deal of work lor the advancement of the
organization. It is stated on good - au
thority that Mr. Bassity will be the first
valiant commander of the order in the
State of California.
On Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock at
Bnai Brith Hall, on Eddy street, the
Grand Lodge of the Knights of the Royal
Arch, will be organized.
Zt Is Stated That Jerome A. Bassit/
Will Be First Valiant
Commander.
WILL FORM GRAND I/ODGE
KNIGHTS OF ROYAL ARCH
Southern Fields Benefit
From Heavy Down
pour.
Wonderful Petrified Fbf-
est Is Saved to the
' Nation.
Kan s as ' an d ;. Nebraska
Report Record-Break
ing' Temperatures.
NEWBURG, N. Y., April 20.— Governor
Odell started on his Southern and West
ern trip to-night In the private car "Con
voy." In the party were State Senator
Ellsworth and the Governor's' father, B.
B. Odell; Mrs. Odell, the Governor's wife;
Estelle Odell, his daughter, and his sister.
Miss Ophelia, will Join the party to-mor
row at Washington. The Governor will
be gone five weeks and will visit Monte
rey, San Francisco, Tacoma and Seattle,
returning on the Canadian Pacific.
Returning to His Home in
New York. V
He Will Visit San Francisco Before
GOVERNOR ODELL STARTS
ON HIS WESTERN TRIP
LAW PRESERVES
TREES OF STONE
Funeral of the Late Thomas Finnerly
Attended by Many Comrades \.
k% ., ,'¦ - anrd \Friencls. ;- J -'* -^ '-<¦
V The funeral of Thomas Flnnerty, a
widely known" member of the Sailors'-Un
ion of the Pacific, who died of pneumonia
at St. | Mary's . Hospital last ! Friday, took
place yesterday afternoon from his . late
residence, 559Vi Bryant street. The Inter
ment was at Laurel Hill Cemetery. Dr.
John A. B. Wilson of the Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church officiated.
The ceremonies were attended by a largo
number of relatives i and friends of the
family and by many old colleagues of the
deceased in the local labor movement.
-'The funeral was held under the auspices
of the Sailors' Union. Fifty members' of
that organization In uniform escorted the
remains to 'the grave. The pallbearers
were John Kean, Nick Jortall, Jorgen
Olsen, P. Scharrenberg, James Fraser and
A. B. Baugh. Ed Anderson, treasurer of
the Sailors' Union, and W. Macarthur,
editor of the Coast Seamen's Journal, re
viewed the life of the deceased and paid
a fitting tribute to his good work for the
seamen and the labor movement in gen
;eral. . ¦• - -¦¦".. ¦" . .
MEN OF SAILOBS' UNION
PAY RESPECTS TO DEAD
NEW YORK, April 20.— The Sunday
.sws were neither .enforced^ jior obseryeil.,
to the letter in this city to-day. If there'
were fewer excise arrests than on any
previous Sunday of late it was not be
cause the saloon-keepers complied with
he law. As a rule the Raines law hotels
iid a thriving business with the aid of the
regulation sandwich, and in many cases
without that. Saloon-keepers not in pos
session of hotel licenses conducted their
places in a more discreet manner and a
?reat number of these were. closed ajtx>r
sTC-ther. .'¦_¦'
On the East Side, In those precincts
where last Sunday there were so many
arrests of small shopkeepers and peddlers
for the violation of the Sunday law. the
police complied strictly with the procla
mation of Mayor Low that the Sunday
>aws be liberally Interpreted during the
r>endir.s Jewish feast of the Passover. AH
the small butcher shops, grocery, delica-
J'isen. dry goods and other stores were
vde open. Peddlers thronged the streets
Ar.d did a thriving business from , their
¦»"<*« iT»'u>ir>. »r«f»' -
OCEAN STORM
FRESHENS CROPS
JOHN MORRI^EY of Orpheum fame,
who gives . ballet- 'girls ;the*"spfiirik'* >
like eye and ; hands. the; frozen, m'.t I'
. .to the low comedian/.! has . dlsap
~*^ peared. HIs^frtericTs* are' lodklng'for'
him. and likewise the , Pony! ballet.", H3
has left all clews behind.' : Som« say "he
was seen going in the direction 1 of Mil'}
pitas disguised as a cigar, drummer, while
others tipped it off that he was seen pur
chasing a ticket for an ocean villa 'which
has a sea serpent and forty-two society
belles; '.but: where the footrof a'man has
inev.er-trod.y }.;-.; '>.. • ¦/.>.¦. ¦.¦ ."¦ ¦- . : ¦ ¦•.,
\- It developed -late last night that Mor
risey- had: actually gone;to O'Fallpn," 111:'/
iwherejWaridering minstrelsy and^blftclt-v:
faced iTTcomedfans are not supposed "to'
: be ,'-v plenttif ul. He will be compelled
to -change ¦ his - name "while ¦ he is
East.-or. a multitude ot all sorts of talent
ed ; ones will trace him'and arrive In San
Francisco in bunches in the -trail 'of. .he
genial manager. ' . [¦-.
Morrisey had not left town, before for
seventeen years, and when he stood wait-
WIND AND HEAT
DAMAGE CROPS
He signaled, to, a. passing jehu, who had
raised "the price*" tff draya'ge. -' "Not for
me,'.' said John,; and he- compromised by
taking an wagon\ fitted/ up with
f>ap ? bfl*9^*«|i^awmb^three4mile8.
The^manager arrived .at the ferry and
wept .'as.'. the <: .Orpheum v door-tender said
pleasant, things, and" told. hrm "that ' Phil
Hastingsrwould do. funny -stunts to com
fort those who yearned .-for. his return.
The last seen of John-as he left his happy
home -was a sign, on : his stovepipe hat
which read: "I will return in two weeks.
Keep it out of the papers."
¦ Work has been- commenced on- the elec
tric railway to the creeks, and a bridge
Is now being constructed across the Klon
dike. This line will be rushed to an early
completion. Dawson will also have a
system of electric streetcars.
DAWSON; Y. T., April 20.— Saturday
saw one of the greatest rushes on record
in the office of the Mining Recorder here.
On Friday there was a general stampede
to the claims released under the Tread
gold concession cancellation, and on Sat
urday the Recorder's office was kept o^en
until midnight with a line of miners ex
tending far out Into the street waiting to
record their claims. . • . ¦ . . ¦
Cancellation of the Tread gold Con
cession Causes Extraordinary
Prospectors; ¦'¦*' .'" \
MINERS IN STAMPEDE
TO BECOED THEIR CLAIMS
New York Police Treat
Small Shopkeepers
Leniently.
California Schuetzen Club — M. Hartter 487, J.
C. Walker 1161, A. Jungblut 517, L. Rink 1471,
O. Burmelster . 1803, F. Riede 1472, M. Blasse
1752, G. Tammeyer 517. C Sagehorn 2532, L. C.
Bohne : 1959, A. Gehret 741. J. Horstmann : 1000,
P. Jacob!. 957,* A.'Utschlg 1200, C. Zlmmermann
1410, L. . Reubold 535, H. Eckmann 0S5,' - W.
Blasse 675, F. A. Schrumpf . 2239, F. A.Kuhls
377, G. Rlchmuller Sr. 476. .E. Englander 1990.
F.' Attlnger 880. A. Rahwyler 809, A. Bertlesen
11G7. A. Bertlesen Jr. 1207, H. Becker 172!), C.
Peach 901. A. von Wyl 2friO, J. Bachmann 9831
T. J. Carroll 172B, O. Bremer C36, A. Hampel
574, M. Reubold 308, J. Straub 1413. .
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen: Point shoot,
two strings— O. Burmeister 20O-1S6. L. Brune
202-170. F. A. Schrumpf 200-172. C. Sagehorn
177-166, C. Nielsen 191-104, G. Tammeyer 100
17t). A. Utschlg 1S5-141, J. Myers 55-71. F. At
tlnger 201-190, F. Klatzl 181-152. R. Larger 175
ltt*.- J. J.'Kuhn .133-129,; C.'PeaqhMS«-182,'..Jr;
Straub. H5C-134.-F; Megserscbmidt 09 t 52: . . ¦ :
Drum Corps (Turner; Schuetzen)— -B. "Jonas.
153-151, W. Schmalzlein j 137-125, W. Schaum
loftel K!-81. ...
. San Francisco GrutH Shooting Section: Bulls
eye shoot — First, O. Imdorf; second, J. Brueg-,
ger; third,- R. Hauser; fourth, C. Ott; fifth, F.
Werlen; sixth. ¦ I>. Hauser; . seventh, A. von
Wyl T eighth, A. Gehret. . ' -, *
Verein Elntracht Shooting Section : Medal
shoot—Championship class, F. >A. Kuhls, 307;
first class, C. Auer, 345; . . second class, H.
Echwlegex, 31Q:. third class^.W- Ruhser. .-262;"
first best shot; F. A."Kuhlsv.23; last'^best shot,
J. Zahn, 24. .-¦... '• ¦••'¦'. ' •-•" .
SAN RAFAEL," April 20.— A large num
ber of marksmen visted Schuetzen Park
to-day. ' From early morning they tried
their skill at the butts. Some excellent
scores were recorded by members of the
California Schuetzen -Club, the Verein
Elntracht Shooting Section, Grutli Shoot
ing Club and San Francisco Turners
shooting section. The individual shooting
scores, were as follows: -
Across the Say.
Many. Marksmen Pepper tne Targets
ON SAN EAFAEL BANGE.
We have existing only four small vessels that
might benefit by the passage of this bill, ana
they are on the Pacific. While in the coast
wise trade, in which they are now engaged, the
provisions of the bill would not apply to them.
The consolidation will result in better trans
atlantic' service, more uniform rates, a Just
distribution of traffic over all American and
Canadian seaports, increased lines on the Pa
cific and services to South America as tnffle
may Justify. Having lines between Great
Britain and Australia and New Zealand and in
timate connection with the far East, American
manufacturers will be able to distribute their
products on through bills of lading and avoid
the expense of transshipments which thev now
incur. The products of the farm will be shlppj<j
from the seaport most coni-enient to the point
of production. To what extent these new serv
ices will be conducted by steamships built in
this country and sailed under the American
flag depends upon Congress.
The negotiations have covered a period of
many years, and I was Interested In the sub
ject as far back as 1SS4. The passage of the
chip subsidy bill would have one effect so far
as the new enterprise Is concerned. It would
cnatk- us to sail ships now building and here
after built under the American flag on an
equal footing with the ships of other coun
tries. The published statements that the ship
subsidy bill would enable us to sail our for
eign vessels under the Stars and Stripes are
lnccrrect, as the bill specifies that only Amer
ican built ships can benefit by Its provisions,
and furthermore, such a course if possible, is
contrary to the whole scheme.
The object of the company is to try to give
better transatlantic service at a decreased
cost. Heretofore the trade has been extrava
gantly conducted and we propose to operate
more intelligently in the future. We expect in
time to inaugurate a system of dally depart
ures from New York, an innovation that Is a.
real necessity.
The capitalization of the consolidated com
panies will be in the neighborhood of $200,
uOO.OOO. Workinr capital, of course, will be
provided, and the profits and reserve fond
should enable us to build the necessary addi
tions to our fleets. While control of the com
pany will be held in this country It will be a
strictly international organization, preserving
the various companies Included in the consoli
dation, respecting their national and local sur
roundlrcf. - , .
PHILADELPHIA, April 2O.-Clement A.
Griscom, president of the International
Navigation Company, one of the five
transatlantic steamship companies which
have been merged under the direction of
J. P. Morgan, to-day said he was unable
to speak definitely regarding the financial
plan, as that was a matter for the con
sideration of Morgan and his partners,
which will perhaps be decided upon
shortly. •
In any event, President Griscom said,
the consolidated companies would prob
ably be in operation under the new con
ditions within a few months. So far as
the negotiations regarding the merger are
concerned, they have been completed.
Agreements for a controlling Interest in
each of the various lines have been se
cured and all that now remains to be
accomplished is the organization of the
parent company. It is possible that the
International Navigation Company will
be made the parent company. The ques
tion now under consideration is the de
sirability of this plan as against the or
ganization of a new company to control
the operations of the combined lines.
CJriscom said:
• The present lowest estimate of the dam
age caused by the explosion, in houses,
furniture, cannon and war material. Is
6,000,000 pesos.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, April 20. — The
severe explosion that occurred here on
the night of April 16 blew to fragments a
large two-story barrack near the lake
front and in the center of the city. "Be
tween 100 and 200 officers and soldiers. are
reported. to have been killed and many
soldiers and other persons are reported
injured. A large number of houses near
the barrack, Including the National Ho
tel, the Central ¦ telegraph station and
the National Palace, were damaged or
wrecked. ... ,• '
President Zelaya was absent at Mayasa
at the time of the explosion, but he hur
riedly returned to Managua on horseback.
He has published a statement in which
he attributes the disaster to the work of
conspirators. He says that tons of dyna
mite and a large quantity of powder were
stored in the barracks. The actual causes
which led to the explosion have not yet
been determined.- \ .' ',
After the first explosion the police noti
fied the terrified people to temporarily
leave the city, as it was believed the
burning building still contained dynamite.
Large .numbers fled to the suburbs. The
first explosion was followed by several
minor detonations, supposed to have been
caused "by • the explosion of packages of
gunpowder. . . .
The people | who fled the city at the
time of the explosions were returning to
day.. The fragments of those of the dead
who , were not blown . to atoms j were
buried.
SUNDAY LAWS
NOT ENFORCED
To-day the dead are lying in the M&ison
aes Proletaires. which has been converted
¦Into a mortuary chapel by drapings, can
yi'es and crucifixes.
| Crowds of workmen filed through the
building during the day.
In the meantime the other band of riot
ers had a similar but less tragic experi
ence. In collision between the rioters and
the guards, a drummer of the latter broke
from the ranks and joined the mob, shout-
Ing to them to have no fear, as the guards
were only supplied with blank cartridges.
Yelling, the mob rushed on. It was met
by a valley from the guards. Two of the
rioters were killed and many were
wounded.
The papers here contain vivid descrip
tions of the riots which occurred at Lou
vuinc, near here, last Friday.
The mob, which was returning from the
v^vrtion alter meeting the Socialist Depu
tes from Brussels, divided into two
L>~n<3s, one making tor the residence of
the president of the Chamber, M. Schol
laeit, and the other for that of the Min
ister of the Interior, M. de Troose. The
ttret mentioned mob was led by a man of
Kieantic stature, nourishing a butcher
Unite. Alter breaking through the ranks
of one squad of civic guard the mob
found its way blocked in a. narrow lane
Djr another squad of the same organiza
tion. An officer of the guard ran forward
und called upon the mob to halt, shout
ing that otherwise he would order his men
to fire a volley on them. The rioters dis
regarded this order. The officer was about
to give the command to fire when the
gigantic leader of the rioters leaped for
ward and seized the officer's throat with
his big hands. He pinned him against a
wall and leveled a pistol at his head.
Another officer yelled the order to fire and
plunged a bayonet into the giant's breast.
I he foremost of the rioters grasped the
bayonets of the guards' leveled rifles in
their bare hands. The volley rang out
and in the narrow lane the mob was rid
dled with bullets. Several were killed.
The remainder of the rioters broke and
fled.
The anticipated announcement by the
crowd o£ the dissolution has not yet been
made.
BRUSSELS. April 2D.-At a general
council of the lubor party held here to-
Uny it was resolved that work by the
strikers in ail sections should be resumed.
Xl-.e council issued a manifesto ! to the
vorkingmen to this effect this afternoon.
President Zelaya Declares
Disaster Was Work 'of
Conspiratora .
Capitalization of New Com
pany Is Two Hundred
Millions.
Further Details of the Riots
in Which Many Lives
Were Lost.
Purposes of the Steam
ship Consolidation
Explained.
Managua Barrack Vic-'
tims Numbered at
Two Hundred;
Leaders Issue Manifesto
to Workingnjen of
Brussels.
ORDER STRIKERS
BACK TO WORK
PLOTTERS CAUSE
THE EXPLOSION
MORGAN PLANS
RAPID SERVICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1902;
7
ing for the . slowly approaching car to
carry him toward the ferry building he
was filled with misgivings. He sighed as
he Jthought of the many chorus girls out
of Jobs and' the high-class actors who
would have no one to tell their troubles
to until he returned. - i '. ¦ ¦ . ,
His face brightened as he looked down
and beheld a sign which read: "Cars stop
here." He looked up-t..c street and wait
ed. "They must have stopped some place
else,'' thought John, -and* .It suddenly
dawned on him that the rope had broke
and he would be forced to cough up: for
a. cab. ' . : :
Weil-Known Theatrical Manager Discovers the Gars Have Stopped
Running and Rides/ in an Express Wagon to -the Ferry, AVhere
He Boards a Train That Will Bear Him to O'Fallon, Illinois
JOHN MORRISEY OF THE ORPHEUM
LEAVES TOWN AND FRIENDS WONDER
POSTUM CEKEAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is good for babies of all
ages. Mellin's Food
makes babies happy.
Send a postal for a free sample of
> MeHm's Food and the Mellin't-.i
Food Baby book.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
JMeffmrloo2
This signature ia on every box of the genvfa*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine>r»Meti
th; remedy that cures a cold in one <bur.
&tifij&wv
When people are kept awake by coffee
prinking and get Into a nervous condition
Jl.'rcra. It they try all sorts of ways to
'overcome the trouble, but generally en-
deavor to .stick to coffee.
A lady says in part of a long letter:
'The only way I «ould get any sleep at
ali ai that time was by walking at night
Jn the yard until I got so tired I wouid
fall asleep aa coon as I touched the bed,
but after a little 1 would commence roll-
ing around and could not He Rtlll or sit in
one place for any length or time.
"1 became despondent and unhappy.
My stomach was all out of order and my
nerves, absolutely broken down. One
day a lady friend when calling said,' 'My
de&r, I believe It is coffee that makes you
bo sick and nervous.' I replied, 'I don't
believe coffee hurts anyone. My phy-
sician knows that I use coffee and be has
never eald anything about its being hurt-
ful/ She replied, 'I can't help that;
they did not tell me either, but I "found
cut myself when I quit coffee end began
to use Portura that I got well.'
"I will never forget that October even-
Ing, three years ago, when I had my first
can of Pcstum. It was made right, and
lasted, Oh. ho good. In less than a week
I couJd see a considerable Improvement
*"Br.d the cec-ond month I was well and
happy and peaceful again. I have kept
so ever bince and am now the picture of
health and do lots of 'hard work "when I
want to." Name given by Postum Co.,
tattle Creek, Mich.
TRIED TO GET TIRED
In Order to Bring on Sleep.THE SAIN; FEAKCISCO; CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1902.
8
1 !^^9J?^y!PP. !8 "T^9 n Al?"! B -' l - > -
A — IF you want to sell your store, . saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate .business or want a partner in any fair-
laying business see K. KENNY, 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established 1S6S.
A— K. KENNY. 75 Third St.. has the following
safe-paying business investments:
$400 — Partner wanted in a handsomely
fltte<i-up oyster and chop house on Market
Et. ; fine business; no previous experience re-
quired; must be a steady man.
$1000 — Butcher shop; a great chance; retail
trade cf 0 cattle per week; fine location; best
reasons for selling. .
$1000 — Coal, wood, hay and grain business;
best stand in the city; has a fine trade; 22
stalls; let to steady men.
$475 — Fine candy store; choice location; No.
I theattr and general trade: clears $100 per
•month; owner sick in hospital. <
$300 — Salocn; well located; on Third st.;-2
living rooms; good business; low rent.
$300— Corner cigar store; prominent busi-
ness street; sure to clear over $75 per month;
iow rent; fine paying laundry agency con-
nected.
$250 — Branch bakery and dairy produce
store; any lady can run it; choice corner lo-
cation; clears *C0 month; nice living rooms.
•jSOO — Partner wanted to attend to the tak-
ing of cash in a fine business on best busi-
. ness street; doing a large, trade; owner will
guarantee over $100 per month clear to each
and increasing; too much for one to attend
to. full value given and a good man to be
connected with; no previous experience re-
qulred. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
A — JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent.
A — Saloon In the vicinity of Turk and Market
fts. ; rent $40; long lease; price $1800.
A — Good paying bakery in a lively country
town: large store; rent $30; horse and
wagon; 5 show cases; price $C00.
A— Branch bakery in thickly populated part
of city; 3 living rooms; price $200.
A— Saloon and lunch house In wholesale dis-
trict; no night work; price $900.
A — Delicatessen store In the Mission; 4 living
rooms; rent 516; price $220.
A — Restaurant in Western Addition; good place
and cheap rent; price $600.
A— Butcher shop in Oakland; bargain at $250.
A — Bakery; an old established business; wagon
and horses; 5-yr. lease;' price $1100.
j A— Saloon at Golden Gate Park; price $750.
A — Hotel of 20 rooms; fine opportunity for
right party: 5-yr. lease; price $2000. |
{9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line: with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party. Box 4818, Call.
WANTED — A partner with $300 to Join me In
the real estate business. Box 4055. CalL
$5000— FIRST-CLASS country hotel business:
j - acc't illness; part cash". Owner, box 4990, Call.
GOOD paying fruit and vegetable stand for
sale: well stocked. 1281 Mission st. __.
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4930. ¦
Call. I
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
GOOD transient house; new furniture... .$1800
36 rms.; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. €500
300 rooms ; corner house for men 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
33 rms.; Howard; rent only $C5: terms. 1400 ;
40 rooms; man house; rent $15; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 i>er cent.
Hotels, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn; rent $55. $S50
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture -B50
13 rooms; nicely furnished; good Income 1CO0
II rooms; housekeeping; rent $32 (500
IP rooms; central; good furniture 1150
;:0 rooms; large and light; income $200. 2000
This is a partial list of our bargains. . Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates. >
HEALY _ CARR. 827 Market St.. room 208.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market Bt. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281. .
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
ACCOUNT of sickness; must sell at once; se-
lect family hotel on best corner In S. F.;-
clears $950 month over expenses; long lease;
furniture and carpets best quality and nearly
new; cost $14,500; price $12,000; terms, part
cash, balance In easy Installments; books
open for Inspection to bona fide buyers. Ad-
dress Hotel, box 4996. Call office.
______________
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
Jf you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices; 'in all parts of city.
A-^ Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
- '• • : Money to Loan
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A— H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house. boarding-hou6e, hotel and bar, city .or
country, it will be to your advantage to call |
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value Is in sight.
20 ROOMS; nfcdern house; fine location on
Geary st.; modern furnishings; lease; rent
$120; must be sold on account of other busi-
ness; fine house for first-class transient; gen-
uine bargain at $2500. Address box 4975. Call.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sixes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
ATTENTION — To buy. sell or exchange, call on
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 5-11.
906 Market St., corner Ellis.
A SNAP — Lodging-house. 21 rooms; Kearny St.;
corner house: best furniture; nets $100 month;
only $1300. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
FOR lodging-house of 30 rooms, we wish a man
to manage or to rent with lease. Call at 765
- Market st., room 2.
FOR SALE — Rooming-house, sunny corner;
Powell et. : 42 rooms; owner going to Nome;
price $4000. Box 1494. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing- medium; spirits soeak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084, Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.' meium;
¦ life reader: medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 11C4 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
CONSULT J. Keller, divine healer. 40S Golden
Gate ave. ; all diseases cured ; hours 10-4, 7-3.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
! EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thurs.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD, . .
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
1 located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told . how • to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4560.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, ths well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for' pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
_E sure and see ISMAR In her elegant new
quarters, rooms 9 and 10. The Vendome, 1104
Market st. ;.;-;
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born' with double veil — second -sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladies50c,
> gents $1 ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326 A* Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal «eer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. CARL STKPHANS. clairvoyant and card
reader. 104 Fell, near\Van Ness; readings
dally 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; ladles 50c; gents $1.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 ; Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 Cth st., room
22, second Moor: horoscopes cast by. mall, v
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. . 951 Mission, near Cth ; open Sun.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards _ tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c. G7 50c ¦ 621% Eddy.'
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and.* high psychist:
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MRS, BROWN, ; clairvoyant card reader; ladies
1 _>c. genta SOc; readings dally. -132 Sixth' et.
CLAIRVOYANT, card read"»r. from Louisiana;
tv-only 10c; from 1 to S. 262 Minna et., nr. 4th.
DR. A, W.' DUNLAP. clairvoyant, magnetic
healer and readings. G51 Jessie st.
i JHEJLP7 WAyTED— FEMALE-— Co-._
,f - . , . . ¦
:. GIRLS ABOUT.*16 YEARS .OF AGE WILL
" FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
'- -LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
x ST.; MR. DAVIS.' _, .
•J A GOOD operator on pants; steady work. 36
¦r Gear y si-, room 33. . I -
I. GIRL for light housework; small family; wages
_ $10. .719 Capp st.
: NEAT girl for second work and sewing. 1180
: . • O'Farrell st. • ' ¦ _,-" •-- ¦
- WANTED — Neat girl to wait at table In small
_| restaurant. 603Va Post St.-
- WANTED— A girl for waiting on table and up^
7 stairs work. titS2 Fulton st. '
- YCUNG girl to assist with care of children;
3 wages $10 per month. 12C3 Guerrero .st.
APPRENTICE on custom coats wanted; paid
- '¦ while learning. 214 Seventh st.
•WANTED— Wet nurse. Call at 1765 Ellis st.
I WAISTMAKERS, steady work, and appren-
- , tices paid while learning. 591 O'Farrell st.
: EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 528
f Sutter St.. room 3; MME. CEOX.IE. . •¦
'• \ EXPERIENCED girl for men's tailoring. 105
.. . Ellis St., rooms 22-23. -
j FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted immediately.
220 McAllister St.
" WANTED — A flrst-class waitress at 304 Mason
St.; wages $8 a week. . .
j WANTED— 6 sirls to learn halrdresslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
t tlons. waiting; private customers assure $50
.. to $75 per .month; day and evening class.
- r College. 233 Geary st.. rooms 13-15.
PANTS operators and pants finishers wanted
by S. N. WOOD & CO. Apply at factory. 27
» Geary st.
• APPRENTICES on custom coats wanted. S. N.
1 WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. :
5 LA GRANDE LAUNDRY
• Wants twenty girls, with or without experi-
ence; skilled hands paid highest union wages.
Apply betweenf? and 12 o'clock. 228 Twelfth.
» WANTED— A respectable young woman to do
1 ' a little housework and cooking; must sleep at
• - home. Apply -at 322 Clementina St., between
f I \ Fourth and Fifth.
t ' EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
t ' wear and corset covers; also learners, paid
3 J while learning. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission.
8 j YOUNG .lady with small capital as traveling
. i partner; good paying business. Box 1624,
. Call officer - ' -
Hairdresslng, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College.1236
3 Market, rm. 94; SDlendid position; day, eve.
- j FIRST-CLASS alteration hands. Apply, ready
f ' ' for worK, at LIVINGSTON BROS., 123 Post.
- OPERATORS on golf and dress shirts; highest
1 , prices. D. C. HEGER. 723 Market St.
I ; RELIABLE house has position for good, keen,
• , middle-aged business woman. Box 4987, Call.
I ! EXPERIENCED Ironer. 656 Mission St.. third
! floor. • ,
. 1 — — ¦¦ — : '
» EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
wear. 1 656 Mission 'St., third floor.
1 EXPERIENCED operators on ladies*" over-
sklrts; good pay. 650 Mission st., third floor.
. jEXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waist.,;
good pay. 056 Mission St.. third floor.
. APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
' learning. 541 Market st.
» GIRLS wanted; factory hands; apply at once.
• Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front st. -
, WANTED— First-class ironers. Oakland Laun-
dry Co., C90 Twenty-ninth St., Oakland.
i FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
> I and where last employed. Box 4807, Call. I
• j WANTED — Flrst-class fitter for a cloak and
j ¦ suit house In Oakland. Box 7411, Call office.
1 i WANTED — First-class tailoress on- pants. C04
! Broadway,' room 33.
. i GOOD pants finishers; also apprentices; steady
••I work; good pay. 407_Turk st.
j GIRL for housework; 2 in family. 1010 Santa.
. j Clara ave., Alameda.
r OPERATORS and button-hole makers on vests;
: good wages. 766 Geary st. .
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
: ployrr.ent. 541 Mnrket st.
' ' WANTED — Experienced shlrtmakers. EAG-
: LESON & CO.. 535 Market st. / -
1 TYPEWRITING taught, $5 full course; short-
; hand speed class,- 32 md.- 927'Marketfr. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C,all branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
3 A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1096
• I Valencia st:
:l =g
s i 'HELP WANTED MALE.
t ; j : —
; AT C, R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st
• ..WANTED FOR NEVADA.
¦ 2000 teamsters and laborers $2 to $2 25
10O. laborers, concrete work $2
6 blacksmiths $3
Free fare.. Free fare Free faro
100 tunnelmen.... $2 to $2 50
» FOR BIG TUNNEL AT CHATSWORTH
" PARK
Free fare : Free fare
Engineer for a steamer, see party here; 6
; carpenters, country. $3 a day; 20 laborers,
; near city, $2 and free fare; 10 laborers for
a quarry, $2; 10 laborers, around country
1 hotel, $1 and board:. 10 lumber pliers, coun-
try, $35; farmers, milkers, choremen and
others. ' . .
I '. HOTEL DEPARTMENT .: ...
Head waiter who speaks languages.. ... .$75
j Eastern head waiter, country hotel $60 j
Cook for lunch counter and restaurant. Ne-
vada. $75: second cooks. . fryers and broilers,
I $50 to $70; bread baker, country shop, $50;
"\ ¦ 6 waiters, • city and country. $30 and $23;
0 waiter -for Bprings, $30; camp waiter, coun-
• try, $25; yardman, country hotel. $20; dish-
• washers, potwashers, kitchen hands . and
\ others. \ ' . ; -
' Male Entrance, 12 Berry st
j C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
. RANCH foreman,. $50 and found; 5 farmers for
' vineyard.. $25 and found; 2 farmers, $30 and
¦ found ; - scraper teamsters, $1 25 and board |
• - and $2 to $2 25 day; 10 laborers for mill.
• $30 and found, fare advanced; 10 laborers,
J = $35 and found; 5 drillers, $2 25 day, free
, fare; 8 laborers and carmen for mine, $2 day;
1 3 laborers for city. $2 60 day, 8 hours; wood-
> choppers, $1 50 cord- milker and wife, . $50
' 1 and found; cheese maker, $40 and found; can
• .washer, $30 and found; stableman for milk-
• man. $30 and found; driver for milk wagon,
• $35 and found; and others. J. F. CROSETT
- & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
- 5 MINERS, $2 50 .and $2 75 day and $2 day
. . and board; 10 carpenters for country $3 50
day; 3 carpenters, city, $3 50 day; bench
hand,' country mill; wood turner and band -
sawyer; painter and paperhanger, country,
$1 50 day and found; carriage smith; horse-
shoer. $2 50 toy: young man with experience
at blacksmith trade, $1 day and Increase; and
I others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra->
t mento st. ' .' ¦
. STEWARD for country hospital, $30 and
5 found; camp cook, $60 and* found; cook and
wife waitress,- $50 and' found; 2 boarding-
house cooks,' $40 and found; cook for 6 min-
j ers, $30 and found; ranch cook. $25 and
• "found; bell boy; waiters, dishwashers and
t others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. • . _
1 AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
, . - B9 Third st., phone Bush 405
RAILROAD LABORERS.
\ FREE FARE.......... FREE FARE
1 '100 teamst«*S, Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers J laborers..-. $2 25 per day
SHIP DAILY. -
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
1 26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,
i $26 to $65. month and board, fare advanced.
1 1 experienced edgerman,7v. ;..*.... $3 per day
.1 head setter or screw turner. ; 53 per day
(5 laborers, city, S hours... $1 75 per day
Fruit pantryman, city hotel. $*?<) per month; j
, marble cutter, - country, - $4 50 per day; j
¦blacksmith's helper/ country, $2 50 per day;
; -.10 laborers; city. $2| per day; 5 scraper team-
» sters^country,'$30 per month and board; jan-
itor. Institution, country. • $25 per month,
• room, board and laundry. CAL. EMP
• AGENCY, 59 Third st. .
. ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton et. — Young man
." for cloak store, chance to learn the buslnes-,
$5 to: $6 a week; porter, for shirt . factory, $6
• a week: to start; etc. .>.'¦ / '. ¦
» ANDRE'S Office, '316 Stockton St.— Laundry-'
' man for institution, . $30' and found; coach-
I man. milk cows, country. $30; coachman for
', Oakland. $25 to $30; dishwasher, family hotel.
B - $25; dishwasher, small boarding-house, $20;
dishwasher, chop house. $20 and found ; vege-
tableman for hotel, $25; 'waiter for resort,
;• must tend to . horse • and buggy. $25;: French
C or. German boy . for " family, $25; young man
•7 to learn restaurant business, $20 to $25; sev-
¦ eral cooks, . $25 to $50;. etc. .
- A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rnj. 12.
- - . Dishwasher. $25; waiter, $30, country hotels.
'- MAN to Work on 'a ranch, -see party here at 9
-' o'clock.: MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
STEADY •¦ sober • man • to take charge of cigar
'&tore:?100 required,,- '¦ - Apply '257 Fourth st..
- ' ;" corner Folsom. . f :.-:¦' n '¦ ¦
i BVSHELMAN for general repairing- and alter-
lng. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
; GOOD barber - wanted at • 505 ' Fourteenth st.7
.< i.",; Oakland. *. ; . -
I WANTED — Dishwasher; call early.- 310 Mont-
.1 ' gomery »t. i
I HOUSES TO LET. ,V
$ j a PRINTED list houses to let; send for c!r-
. j cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
! SUNNY corner; 8-room Western' Addition
- dwelling; grounds. observatory. modern
'. plumbing; low rent. VON RHEIN REAL
;• ESTATE CO.. 513 California st.
' TO let — New modern 6~ rooms and bath; $15
' per month. JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sut-
ter st. (
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer p!ace._ .
TO laase for C «icnths or year. 9 rooms all car-
peted; bath: gardena. i— 0 13th. nr. Howard.
j TO let— Sunny house of 10 rooms and bath.
I 1449 Deviaadero. cor. Geary; key on preiri.sea
FOLSOM. 2410, near Twentieth— House. 9
large sunny rooms; bath, garden, stable.
j •
' HOUSES TO LET— FIJIRXISIIED
MODERN house 7 rooms, completely and hand-
somely furnished; near Presidio; healthy and
1 pretty location: $42 Pi); take Sacramento or
I Californ!a-st. car. 37 Seventh ave.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
• NEV/ house. 7 rooms; sun all day; fine resi-
dence district: Portola St.. off Waller, bet
Pierce and Steiner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
i j IX VESTMENTS.
THE Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st..
1 s. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AND J^y*!}'
LOST— Brown water spaniel. Return to DR.
SHORT. 101 Phelan building, receive reward.
LOST— A Pass Book with the Hlbernla Saving
and Loan Society, of San Francisco In th»
name of MARY W. SHERRY. No. 153-409.
The finder will please return to B ani—
LOST— April 19. black cocker spaniel pup;
answers- to the name of Pedro. Return to
1732 Washington »t. and receive reward.
LOST — Tuesday, a black cocker spaniel do*.
Reward at 1223 York st. ________
PO T NT RICHMOND — All Information mailed
free. Richmond Land Company, 1S2 Crocker
building. _________—_———————
IT will pair to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. need* old
gold and silver to make new watch ca«_
MATRIMOMAL. *
. MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1S37; reliable- and
confidential; lists 10c Mrs. Hertz, 703 -Ills.
MATTRESSES AJfP PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery ; Al carpet cleaning; honest — ork g-ar- -
anteed. HOPKB -BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st.; tel. Buah 421. _ j
Brass Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; -window
shades. J. F. Hotter. 712 Mission ;te!.Maln 730.
MOXEYTOLOAN^
rZHSRMA^rMrU^PHrrioT^bTExamSsTwi
$4,600,000 at Lowest Rate. •>
On First and Second Mortgage* »
On Life Interests In Estates «
Property Being Held In Trust «
.....Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probota.
Financial Problem— of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONET
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300 000 at 5% and tt per cent In sums to rait-:
'¦ City, Oakland, Town and Country Property
second mortgages, life Insurance and s«c_-rt*-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-'
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
, ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, -second and third mortgages..
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount': 8 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In prc-
' bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
> interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms la. \
; 1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN'.
> '
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant are., near
; Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
1 HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
. lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 816
Market St.; tel. Main 1644- Branch 19 Third.
- ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKES. 31> Geary St.. room 06.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery st.. room 7. opp. Licit Houue.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans- to salaried
people on their ncte.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
LOWEST catea on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner blg^ ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, planes: no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. Sth flr.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan «un_ lt_.
suit; interest low; also easy payment loar.sj^
-ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. ll
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc., 431 California.
TO loan five to ten thousand .dollars oa real
estate. Box 1449. Call office.
CASH loaned salaried people on note -without
lndoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. room 81, 8 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser: Eastera
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTItUMgSTS. '
A CUSTOMER cam rely upon getttaj mor»~for
the money from us than any house oa the*
coast, because we are satisfied with small
profits and are doing business at the smallest
possible expense. These things most be taken
into consideration when figuring out prices.
We believe in selling large quantities and
giving best quality for the least outlay to the
customer. We sell the Decker, Wlssner.
Baumeister and Stodard. Easy payments
for those who desire. THE ZENO MAU-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
ana terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter ?ts.. S. F. : Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
AS our new building and hall Is not quite
completed we are making a cut on all on-
pianos. Seme special bargains — 1 Knabe. $33:
1 Heine. $1S5; 2 Stein-ways, $165: 3 Chlcker-
ings, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
$15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO., Heine Hall, 235-237 Geary st. - >
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand" upright pianos from $55 up. 1
Reconvl-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $2." up; new upright
pianos " from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ _
SON. 1C to 20 O'Farrell. Chtck?rlng. Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new pe?rless Knabe-. at reyular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a
pinno from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O' Farrell St.: estab'. lahed 1850.
LUDWIG pianos — Mcst popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 031 Market
St.. San Franci3co. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players^ .
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up^
right. $150; square 'pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnnt case, almost new. $27.".
Bowers — Son. 23 Sth St.. Ivera _ Pond. agts.
$170 — GREAT sacriace; almost new uprighT.
SCHMITZ _ CO., 16 McAllister St.; next
Hibcrnia Bank.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
rentlnjt pianos In city for $S per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0 Hayes st.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $430: h'gh-snrade upright*.
dropped from catalo?rue.$25O. Bruenn,208Post.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st. "
ELEOANT concert grand upright piano; sacri-
flced account death in family. 1G00 Van Ness.
ALMOST new large size Stelnrray upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary. st.
J BYRON MAUZy73C8-31<K!12 Pcsr«t.; Sohmer-4
and other pianos and pipe organs. . < 1
8UPERIOR* violins. _ithers. , old and new. 35"
1 MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any ndtfr*s3 In tna
United States or Canada one year for $1.
I ! !_J___- L °y 3 ' 1^ yT . WANTED--- MALE.
COOK would like to go to Alaska; capable of
. taking charge of camp. ' Address J. H.
;•_• HENRY. care^Al White. East Berkeley. :
WANTED— Position by correspondent and ad-
vertising writer; highest class Eastern refer-
ences anri experience :in department store,
'mall ¦ order nnd hardware- business. I Box
: 4052. Call office. . ••- - . -'¦-'¦•
YOUNG; man' of 23 \ good penman, quick and
accurate at- figures, with sdme knowledge ot
¦ bookKeeplng wants work as clerk. . packer or
; any kind; best city references. Box 4S79. >CalI.
JOBBING blacksmith . and shoer,- married and
."steady, wishes a situation: wages reasonable;
' custom shop. ¦ Address F. M., Boulder Creek,
y Santa Cru8 County, Cal. ¦ ¦ -. : ". - v
YOUNG man wishes position as night clerk In
hotel or boarding-house; good upholsterer and
; draper; make himself useful; country prefer-
_____ H. R.. -706 California st.
WANT a position as working foreman of ware-
: house; thoroughly understand, storing, and
shipping of merchandise; good reference.
Box 1556. Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions; wife is flrst-
fc class cook; man handy generally about place;
best of ref erences. - ¦ Box 4903. Call. ..
A YOUNG man 23 years of age, wishes situa-
tion as a bottler in a wine house; good ref-
erences. AUGUST BOEHM, 122 Seventh st.
YOUNG man wants situation taking care of
horses and garden; good driver: can milk;
handy with tools. Box 1452. Call. .
GOOp experienced Chinese cook wishes posi-
tion- in hotel ¦ or boarding-house.- Address
YEE LING, 20 Prospect place.
WANTED — Position care of garden, horse.
cow. Box 4982, Call.
SURGICAL and medical nurse; Al ref.; rates
SI 50 a day. Box 4931, Call. ?
YOUNG dentist would like to be an assistant
to country dentist. Box 4876, Call office.
WANTED — Place as washer, starcher or fln-
isher. Box 4874. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
¦' Valencia st. • , ¦ ¦ ' . ¦
-7-'— -^1~^^2£££^^
59,990 SHARES of the capital stock of the
"¦ Floreo Hale & Co. were sold at auction on
' March 21st; the time for confirmation of the
sale by the Superior Court has been set for
April 28th at 2 o'clock p. m.. In Department
9; any person may appear In Court on that
day and overbid the purchasers; the highest
bidder, If the .price Is satisfactory to the
Court, will secure _he property. For other
property of the estate for sale same day s«e
"Country Real Estate" and "City Real Es-
tate" columns of this paper. For all infor-
mation apcly to - 1 ¦
McGLYNN _ MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and t Auctioneers, Room
. . 22, Chronicle building.
I PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co..(Inc.H-We
; have 42 offices in operation; ¦ new method of
placing stocks . and bonds ; companies Incor-
porated; stocks a.nd bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mlning&Invest. Co.. 326 Post.
$5000 TO be loaned on real estate security by
May 1; no agents. Box 40S3, Call office.
£ .F^ATS TO LET.
FINE sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
-2134 O'Farrell st. '
NEAR new City Hall ; flat, 5 rooms and bath.
1 6% Grove st. ¦ •
PINE. 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine 'basement. Owner, 2134 Pine.
LOWER flat: 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom, $12. 2410 Clay st., near Fillmore.
I LAGUNA, 29*_. near Union — Lower flat 5
I rooms and bath; $11. , ;
; O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern flat, 6 rooms,
bath, yard, basement; reasonable. •
; $25— TJPPER sunny modern flat. 0 rooms and
bath; nearly new. . 4159 Twentieth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 "cents — The Weekly Call.
- 10 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
, Furnished flat. 7 rms., bath; Devlsadero, near
Sacramento. UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Montgmry.
DESIRABLE newly furnished modern flat of 6
rooms to let for the summer. 2ti59 Steiner.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517 — i rms.; bath;gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
UPSTAIRS flat, C sunny, furnished rooms. Call
1-102O Central ave.. bet.": Sutter* and. Bush sts.
;. FCRKITCBE . FOR , SALE.
AT CAVANAUGH Furniture Co., 848 and 850
Mission st. — Special inlaid linoleum, 65c yard;
couches. $3; stoves, $5; chairs, 35c; bed sets,
$8 and up; 4 rms. furn.,' oak, $48, No". 7 stove.
$200 — 7-ROOM hoHise; good furniture; 4 rooms
rented: house rent $18; going East; must
sell. 1416B Howard st. - _ - ,
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 CO. with No. 7
•range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131- Market.
FURNITURE, 6 rooms, as a whole or by piece.
49 Hill St., corner Guerrero.
FOR SALE — Flrst-class gas range; also' other
household furniture. 436 Elizabeth st.
FURNITURE WANTED. •
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big.
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the world;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
.¦7 : •¦-¦-. ; 7 '¦¦'. -GLOVES. ''
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., payT~hlghest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
JIIE^P^VANTEp— FEMALE,^ ~~7
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S..Phdne Grant lsiv
.: HOTEL DEPARTMENT .TTl
Hotel housekeeper, experienced only wanted..
$35
Head waitress, summer resort .$35
6 waitresses, same spring $20
Cook. Yosemite Valley, see boss here..... $30
Waitress, same place -• •. $20
Mother - and daughter, chambermaid and
nurse, boss here Monday $25
Woman, general work, resort, boss here
Monday $25
6 waitresses, mining towns, fares paid... $20
2 waitresses, summer resort, boss here... $20
Chambermaid and waitress, summer resort. -
V $20
Pantry girl •• $25
' Masseur for springs $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, Sausalito, see boas here. $20;
housegirl. three in- family. Alameda. $30;
cook and second girl, small family. Bakers-
field, $50; houseglrl. Mountain View. $25; 25
housegirls, city $15-$30; second girls,- nurse-
girls ."...'
• C. R. HANSEN & CO. . . 429 Bush st.
! . (Opposite California Hotel.)
A— MISS or ~MRS. CURTIS, the hotel house-
keeper, please call or- send address to C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st. ... - . . .
A — YOUNG girl about 16 years for light office
work, $3 a week; good opening for bright
_glrl. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
MRS: M. E. DAY...*.....'.. ..Phone Main 1573
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, flrst-class hotel, $25 and found,
fares paid; 2 waitresses, near city.-* $26; 8
waitresses, different resorts, $25 and $20; 14
waitresses, city. $25 and $20; 2- restaurant
" waitresses $7; chambermaid to wait, springs,
' $25; 4 chambermaids to wait, city, $22 50
and $20; German chambermaid, $20.
:¦¦;..' FAMILY. DEPARTMENT ........
. Cook. JHenlo Park,- $30: 2 housegirls, near
city, $S0;|6.housegtfls, $25; parlor maid and
•7 waitress, $22 50;. second girl, $20. MRS. M.
E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
A— COOK, Sacramento. $30;. cook, mining- town.
. $35, fare here; waitress and parlor maid. T3ur-
K lingame, $25; cook and waitress.' restaurant,
$.".0 and $20; second girl. Men'.o Park. $25. sea
lady here at 0 a. m. ; mother and daughter.
country. $35;' chambermaid,' . country, -. $20.
MISS CULLEN.. 320 Sutter st.
LEON ANDRE. 31C Stockton st.
Second trirl, .$25; chambermaid and seam-
stress. $25; nurse. 1 chlld"15 months old. $20;
French maid and seamstress, $25; -French
nurse, maid and seamstress. $25; 6 cooks,
German style. $30 and $35/- . .
CHAMBERMAID, hotel, $20; cook, short dl«-
• tance,' $30; laundress, hotel; $30: ; houseglrl,
two In family, $2. r >; Recond trlrl. $25; waitress,"
$25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St. «-
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
* HOW TO SE*W OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FRF.E OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING ; STEADY WORK ; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS &' CO., 32% : FREMONT
; ST. ; 'MR. DAVIS. ,
MIDDLE-AGED woman or • small girl to 1 as-
sist ' light . housework. 264 San Carlos ave.,
/ near , Twentieth St. . - •
WANTED— A . young .woman to take care of
house.'. and two "small children; wages $15.
Address box 4S91. Call office. :: ...... , ¦
GIRLS about 16 yeara:of will' find plenty
, of _ood-paylng work. LEVI STRAUSS _
'¦CO.. x 32'yji ; Fremont St.. * MR. DAVIS. . . >.
GIRL for. housework and cooking; good waees ;
:¦ -references. ' 1320 Leavenworth st.,- near Clay/
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady wort." 304
Tehama st, • ...
nrr.r kotkd— MAT,r;- 1---
MURRAY & READ/Y Tel. Main 5S1S
, ..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
White Male Help Furnished Free of Charge.
.......EVERY EMPLOYER OF HELP....--
No syndicate too large, no firm too small rot
us to supply: no objection to distance: we
, ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers, when needing help, telegra^n,
wire, phone or call In person and procure
your help from '
i MURP.AY & READY
Wo gave employment:' -
In 1S97 to upward of 17.000 men.
In 189S to upward of 19,000 men.
In 1900 to upward of 21.000 men.
In 1901 to upward of 35.000 men.
. In 1902 to upward of 37,000 men.
Help wanting work, hundreds of plac"
waiting your selection. Come read our bulle-
tin boards - • • • •
? MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Local 148— Special
meeting MONDAY. April 21. Business of
great importance. By order of the union.
JOS. R. BLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED — Steady man to Join a reliable man
as partner in a cash business on principal
business street: sure for $25 per week eacn;
no previous experience required: business es-
tablished 6 years: $200 cash capital required.
Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st. .
BARBER shop; must be sold; paying $125 per
month, with nice 3- room flat, well furnished;
rent $15; price $250. 1035 Guerrero st.
SMART young butcher. 1823 Point Lobos
avenue. •_
WANTED — Flrst-class barber; married man
preferred; steady. 1033 Mission st.
WANTED — Porter and lunchman for saloon.
$25. 100 Mission st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 1539 Mission »U
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. 29 Stockton st.
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st. ¦
¦WANTED— Cash boy. 14 years of age or over.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
fBROS.' ; _,
WANTED— A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, flrst-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m.. ex. Sun., St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237, 1606 Market st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U-
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
Character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only first-class
man need apply: technical man preferred; no
attention paid to answers unless giving full
.detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box 4810. Call office.
WANTED — Cabinetmakers and machine hands.
Apply MANGRUM _ OTTER. 583 Market st.
"WANTED — Cabinetmakers and machine hands.
Apply MANGRUM & OTTER, 681-583 Mar-
ket -t. >_s
WANTED — One first-class carriage blacksmith.
2 blacksmith finishers and 1 first-class body-
maker. Inquire, stating experience, of A.
MEISTER & SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Floor manager who has experience
In retail cloak and suit department; must
have city reference and experience. Address
S. O. & CO.. box 1438. Call office.
WANTED — Reliable young man for plain work,
with established firm. $15 to $17 week; per-
manent place; must have some cash. BROWN
A CO.. 1221 Market St.. upstairs. ¦
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs -Denver House, 217 Third .st. : 150 large
rooms ,*'25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
WANTED— Man for light work; no experience
necessary; good wages; requires $150. 935
- Market St., rcom 14. : .
OPPORTUNITY to learn trade for steady boy:
paid while . learning. Carson Glove Co., 35
Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS ambitious jobbing- carpenter;
also one cabinetmaker of same caliber.
Box 4991. Call. I
CANVASSERS wanted: can make big money.
Call KOLANDER'S Music Store. 148* Mar-
ket st. V
WANTED — Hloor manager for retail dry g-oodi
house; city reference and experience required.
Address M. C". & CO.. box 1439, Call office. 7
WANTED — Boss packer experienced In whole-
pale hardware. Apply by letter, giving ref-
erences, to box 4US0. Call office.
WANTED — Man of business experience and
good address: salary. Address, giving refer-
ences, box 1525, Call office.
FOR sale — Barbers; 3-chalr shop; 3 rooms; cen-
tral; low rent; paying $30 per week; price
$150. Box 1451. Call office:
BUY Point Richmond lots. $180 and $200; terms
$25 cash. $5 per month: send for circulars.
Richmond Land Company. 182 Crocker bldg.
A — STEADY man with $200 cash can make
$100 month, year round. Z09 Kearny st. -
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted on coats. S.
N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS: steady work; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
HARNESS and saddle makers -wanted. W.
DAVIS & SON. 11 Front st. . .
BOY wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. at HAR-
SH ALL'S. 12 Kearny st. - '
PLUMBER or gas fitter wanted for new work.
. Call 6*23 Davis st.. by 8 o'clock Monday.
WANTED — Marble letterer; steady Job. 234
Fifth st. - ,
PRESSER on coats; steady work; icood pay.
541 Market at.
WANTED — Able-bodied reliable men; apply all
day Sunday. 526 Montgomery St.. room 1.
BAKER — See. buslnessNchancea, ¦ _^
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler and diamond setter;
permanent Job; good wages. Box 4797, CalL
FIRST-CLASS tailors: good pay; steady em-
nloyment. 541 Market St.
BARBERS — Good-paying 2-chalr barter shop &
- bath for sale. H. FALIC. Angels Camp, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st. . }
COATMAKERS: good pay; steady employment.
541 Market st. .
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tul-
t'.on. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD^
624 Markt. ; past com. Wattrous Post, G.A.R,
SA'ILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
: -Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled' while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bull Is. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5G3 Mission st...bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office. .
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes"
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St., nr. 5th!
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms-
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1080
Valencia st. . 1 -.--¦¦ ...-'¦
HORSES AND WACOXS.
FOR Sale— 1 pair big blaclT carrlage~horses 1
' pair medium black mares; 1 pair black road-
sters; 1 palr,bay roadsters; all well matchel.
Inquire at St. Lawrence Stable, 423 Post st
JAS. SHIRLEY._ ' '
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600- well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come ani
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange 216
Third St.. WM. Q. LAYNG. proprietor. '
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
-. ket. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
; 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
LARGE draught horses for sale, weighing from
/ 1700. to 1800. at STEIN'S stable. 712 Eroad-
* wiy, near Stockton st. .^ . .
FOR sale. Santa Rosa ealesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. llto.
San Francisco Veterinary ¦ College, Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M: L. PANCOAST. Sac. 510 Qolden Gate ave,
FOR sale-^Handsome cart, seating 4. Box
4976. Call office. - .'
Largest stock 2d-hand .wagons, buckboard, «ur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. 15th_ Valecnia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, . sent : to any address In* the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
• 7 SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
unt;i 12 o'clock every night- in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery strell.
comer Clay; ojien until 9::W 41. m-
¦!UO Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
«.•» McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m.
-^ IStl Mission etrect; cpen until 10 p. m.
i_Cl M-rket street, corner Sixteenth; open
ttr.-i! V p. m.
10«'i Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
louti Valencia street; o:>en until 9 p. m.
Northwest t-orner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until » p. m.
2200 Filimt-re street; oi>en until 9 p. m. .
BIEET1XG NOTICES.
STARR KING I^odge. U. D.. F. and A. m
21.. Mowrys Hail, will meet THIS _^_
-MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. >Z5f
Second degree. By order of the W. M. ' •
A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal __
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
Business and M. M. d?gree. T_ 2?
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. l^W >
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and H
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING Jk
at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. By *?*?
order of the W. M. S%f\
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. m
and A. M.. 1S.">3 Fillmore street- Third __)%
degree THIS EVENING at 7:30 Ttjx
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR, Secy. #V>
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F.
—The lodges of District 67 will #T^_5
hoid a district meeting at Unity *fe>8£i5?
Lodge No. 131 on TUESDAY <***TT
EVENING, April 22. 1902. Visitors welcome.
A. S. CRONK. N. G.
R. A. WELCH. R. S. .
ALL Odd Fellows who desire to v^£*w*>-.'
attend Uie eighty-third ar.niver- -^i5J^S_
Kary picnic SATURDAY. April
26, at Camp Taylor, will kindly f***? c
meet at the Sausalito lerry in time to take
the 9:30 boat. Tickets, $1: children, r«Oc.
_2J THE COMMITTEE.
ENGROSSING, ~~~ — — —
r.esoiutlorn. etc.. In first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald> Bus. College. 24 Pogt ct.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS for a. patent money* maker: something
new. Manhattan Food Co.. 1253 Folsom st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, roomx
C13: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-"
gtges. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
110 advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a speclalty:quick;quiet-
r.o charge without success; established 16 yrs (
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market ft., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. SIS Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket rt. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
IlICYCLES For Sale or Excbanse.
¦ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin -et. and 305 Market st.
FOR SALE — A good low frame gentleman's'
Hartford bicycle. 007 Ellis st.
• illRDS. DOGS, ETC. J "
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food cf all kinds. 1546 Market st.,bet.8th_9th.
BOOKS— NEW AAD OLD.
BOOKS cf all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
Ul'SIXESS CUAACES.
A — $11CO; COR. grocery and bar, with living
rooms and bath, in best location of the Mis-
sion: rent $45; a good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— J1500; SALOON, few floors from Market
St.; first-class paying; established years;
rent ?45; elegant fixtures: large stock. Call-
R. G. WILKE. 2C». Kearny st.
A — I HAVE few of the best paying saloons for
Fal«>: price from $4000 to $5000; choicest loca-
tion in this city. Call R. G. WILKE 2t>H :
Kearny Et. • X
A— $4200: DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
nial» depot, clearing $400 per month; rent
(130; no better Investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny.
A— $G5o: SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40: iilace first-class paying; surrounded by
railrcad shops, planing mills and lumber
>ards. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established ,
many years; large trade; big profits; stock '
invoices about $.;500; price $4000; rent $20.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $800; BUTCHER shop ; established years; j
dolns a first-class business; located in Oak-
Ipnd; rent $35. including 7 rooms,- 2 horses,
1 rtgon, 1 cart. Particulars R.'G. WILKE
CG'4 Kearr.y st.
A— ¥2000; RARE chance, vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts. ; rent $55. including 6 pri-
vate rooms; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 "i Kearny st.
A — $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety store, with telephone office,
ir>. booming town across the bay; place clears
above $250 during 8 months in year; investl-
sau at once. R. G. WILKE. 26 ',4 Kearnv Bt.
A. A. STENBERG.
795 Market st Tel. Black 5401
Money Advanced on Any Business
...If You Want Invest in a Good Business...
Or Sell Your Merchandise
For Cash
- Why Don't You See
A. STENBERG. 759 Market st.
$1X10 — RESTAURANT on Market: must be cold;
bargain. A. STENBERG. 758 Market St.
A $350
RESTAURANT
Must be sold at once: rent only $30. For sale
only by A. STENBERG. 759 Market Et.
WHY draw 3 per cent a year from bank?
' We average nearly 6 per cent every week.
Yeans doing business and never a loss.
Over 2WK) investors here in this city.
¦ Dividends paid every Monday at our office.
You can draw money at any time.
. Guarantee larger profits than any other firm.
. We accept Investment* of $10 up.
Write or call for interesting literature.
American Co-operative Association,
Suite C15, Emma Spreckels building.
Treasurer's department open evening, 7-8.
GliOCERY and bar. north or Market; fine loca-
tion; eaies $20 per day; stock will Invoice
$5*50; great bargain; all fresh clean groceries;
. • don't miss It. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
$200 — COFFEE and chop house; fine chance for
¦ man and wife to make money; don't miss It
to-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
A — CANDY store; old established; heart of city;
must l»e sacrificed; owner called East; beau-
tiful fixtures; rent right, price right, location
rurht, profits right; no good will. Just actual
value. Think this over, then see HEDGES,
4Cl-4t^ Parrott bldg., £25 Market Bt.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale; also
f city and country real estate for 6ale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list.
HEALEY & CARR, 827 Market St.. room 208.
RESTAURANT — Dally average $18; good fix-
tures; worth $400; must be sold on Monday;
' make offer.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. Sth and 6th.
$3(X)— PARTNER wanted in light business; i
puited to plain, steady man satisfied \ with '.
, $li» to $25 a week; no experience required- no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
, buy. 25 Geary St., room 4.
A— $1200; SALOON, city front: clears $300
month; rent $20. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— $575; DELICACY store; recelpts~$16 day-
rent $18; bargain. STRAND, 209 Kearny st
A— 30 CIGAR stands: prices7~$76~to* $"000 •
rents $C to $125 monthly; profits $2 to ti
6ai\y. HEDGES. 4T.1-462 Parrott building.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. AddIv
111 East St.. north of Market.
A GOOD investment— A manufacturing busi-
nee s twuits $20,000 additional capital; the
. bUblnesB is well established and paying large
dividends and is Increasing to the nea-msity
lor extra capital to allow further and natVal
developments. Add. P. O. box 294. Oakland.
RELIABLE man with $200 will fine rare op-
|»ortunity for rapid money making In .estab-
lished legitimate business; open to fullest
/Investigation. 765 Market st.. room 3.
FOR SALE— Branch bakery, notions, candy and
tchool e-jppUes. living rooms partly furnished-
«:-tabllEhed many years; change of business
cause- of sale; no agents. Box 4926. Call.
$31tf*— FOR SALE: well-established plumbing
business; building and good stock all go"
must «ir because sickness. .Box 4925. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS saloon and 17 furnished rooms
for sale; doing alp Ice business; "good town"*
. bargain. Box tO78. Call office.
*.'J500— "THE PLEASANTON": _i"roon»s; high
grade ;¦ central: - modern: all " rented; cheap
rent : big profits. Box lfl. Salt Lake. ¦
$800 — SALOON: rare chance ;' heart . of city;
¦ notch Market:- established '-yean!: K n °C stock;
money-maker: $23. $30 day. ." 7S3LJ4 Market.
BAKERY for *ale. in good country town; old-
esta_lirhe_ business; reason for felling,
«.*_tr t_i other Interests. Box 1C31, Call.
CARPET ItEAT^XG^yp^C^L^ANIIVCt.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
• send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. -upholster-
ing. 1213 Market, bet.Sth&SHh ;teL Howard 2U12.
ADv]TNCE~c7rpet-cleaning Co.." 402 Sutter st. ;
tcl. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CCX^JProp.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-be.'itlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 HarriKon st. ; tel. Mission 203.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.-
STEVENS. Mgr., 3S-40 ijth st. ; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 .Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleanim? and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; .tel__MU-slon 74.
FOR lowest prices In carpet-cleaning ringi up
PRICE & CO.. Howard 2475; office 15 Sth st.
CARPE.\TER AND JOBBER.
JOBBING, office and store fitting wanted by an
Eastern carpenter; reasonable. Box 4931, Call.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No cnarge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Mnrket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MENLO TFair" "oaks) — New Cottage, 7 rooms,
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
MICHIGAN, 352 — 6-room cottage; near Union
Iron Works; $12. / '
DENTISTS.
A-~— R..~T?~sT^_IGGINS. Market Bt^ Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.,
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 "ears' ex-
peri erce; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady . attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
I ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.: extractions done pain-,
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours 0 a. m. to 9p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. \y. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, C Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors: skilled opera tort;
gas given; kwiy attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON.D.D.S.. proprietor arid manager. ¦
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set: all work painless and war-
. ranted.' Chicago Dental Parlors.' 24 Sixth bt
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—'
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 00c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14* Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 76~O' Farrell. late of C Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. " O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. ¦ \ , ¦- .
PRESSMAKEnS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1010 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work;.. thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ;>. ... .¦¦ - : - . .
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
A — GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
¦all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrot building to more commodious quarters
at 1382 Market St., on or about May 1, 1P02.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. V. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUa/. an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
¦ Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;*
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 21J» Parrott • bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. i
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; Si
good positions In March: rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College. 1230 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting: individual in-
struct ion; Pitman system; $5 mo. -1317 Folsom.
SPANISH. French.etc.Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;estab'd 1871 ;ableat profs.
VIOLIN,- guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class. $1 mo. 428 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. O. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st. j
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1 OPS Mission; Instruments selected.
KENT Law School,, day and night.. 554 Par-
rott building (Emporium)., .7* '
DANCING quickly taught: private or class.
BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post>st.. S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.: -
ELEVATORS. ~ ~~
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.565 Mission; tel. John 3856.
EaiPLOTTMENT
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleanlng7~cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klroshlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon ; tel. Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. $24 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAFANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
P.ELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- I
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188. j
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi- I
neso help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Blark 5072.
EMPLOYMENT ' WA1VTEP— FEMAIiE.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, with best of
• references, desires situation; city or country;
also a first-class Swedish laundress, ' good
references, desires situation; city or coun-
tiy. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. * .
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress
desires situation or nurse to grown children;
good ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. * -.-- />.,.-' ¦'
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; Amer-
ican family; very best ref. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. -J
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; best of city ref. MISS CULLEN 3"5
Sutter st. , . ' - ..;
SWEDISH girl, flrst-class cook; good refer-
ences. Apply to MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
; AN industrious colored woman desires wash-
. Ing to do at home or go out by the day! MRS
M. LINDSAY, 127 Second st.
f A STEADY, competent person wishes position
.to do general housework In small family;
wages $20. 412. Franklin st.
REFINED intelligent woman of ability wishes
the management or housekeeper for rooming-
house, summer resort, or gentleman's home
where servants are kept; refs. exchanged.
Address J. H., 21 Taylor st.
WOMAN wishes to work by the ' day, : houae-
cleanlng and washing; -good work; $1 50 day.
284 Valencia st. ¦ . ..
WANTED — A pcsltlon as child's nurse, or
would take a position as housekeeper in a
small "^family: good references. Address
MRS. THOMPSON, 141 Taylor at.
RESPECTABLE. woman' would do plain sew-
ing in exchange ' for unused clothing. Box
. 4S77, Call office. ___
FIRST-CLASS economical colored, cook- and
laundress wishes work by the day. Address
. 451 & ' Jessie Bt. ' _ . . > .
YOUNG girl would like position to assist with
light housework; city or country; wages $10-
$12. 412 Linden ave. .
WOMAN wants general housework; good cook;
short distance in country preferred. 320 4th.
COLORED woman 'wishes day's work. $t 25
per day and car fare. Phone 5491. ,1133 Clay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
' ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; '$150
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bun and baggage to and from ferry. '•v^-.-'
WANT ads and subscriptions -.taken-' for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.'.. J
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1003
Valencia st..THE COAST RECORD.
Council ' 13 of the United Portuguese So
ciety of California! held ¦ a : very successful
'picnic v at > Shell; Mound; Park iyesterday 1 ;
Athletic contests, music and dancing con
stituted- the •] chief features of .. the day's
entertainment. 'Arrangements >were In
charge of M. S. Rodrigues, J." T. '; RehasrFv
P. Braz, G.'F.'Perelra; J. Valladao,' J..L.
Marlante, A;;J; Sllva,: M.W. Rodrlgues/
I/: Plmentel , i A. D. Macedo, F. Lourenco,
M. FernandesrJ. M. Aires, • M. J. : Ramos
J. J." Ramos,. M.T. Andre, F. : Plmentel
and M. Garcia. ... ..-• •;.,;. . ::
Portugiieso; Society ,• Holds Picnic.
HOTEL AILBIVAIiS.
NEW .WESTERN HOTEL.
C March. Cal -
FredMedo. NY
W A Duenkel. Portld.
J L Jones, Tacoma : ¦ •-.
A S Mitchell. Seattle
J Bell. Seattle
J C. McKittrick. El
Paso -
R W Hardee. Los Ang
E Benlck, L«wlstown
J Parks/Colo
E P [ Bettinck.' Sacto
M Carter, Hanford ¦ .
J Osorlo. Hanford
B C Davis & w, ! Mich
Miss Covert, - Chicago : .
Mr* R H Brown & fy,
¦ Mich 1 .,. " : - '- : ¦¦'
B T Goodwin. K City
H B Renwald, Chicago
A R Moulton. B C -^ '
M Devere & w.\Vallejo
C:A Miller, Seattle
J J Casair, Seattle
B Harrlnarton, Cal
F. Potter, Los Ang
Sam Grosman." Pa f
A D Chisholni. Mont
C March. Bacto
L Berser.' Wells -'¦ - . ::
W. Short. Presidio '
Mr Black & w, L Ang
H MoKInnon. Seattle
C. Mandlch. Portland
8 Oliver. Sacramento •
JB Nichols, • Conn
AN Clements & w, :
.'Lo3' Anselcs . ; ; •
C T ¦ Spreek & w, ¦. Ill -
J Laneronl, Vallejo -
R L Hall/ Topeka
M: J Ryan./ Cal '•- '
G Evans & w. Chic
San Francisco and vicinity—Generally cloudy
Monday, probably with occasional showers;
fresh to brisk northwest win*
G. H. WILLSON.
¦ - ¦ ¦ '¦ Local Forecast Official. .
Northern California — Generally cloudy Mon
day, with scattering showers; -fresh to brisk
northwest wind.-
Southern * California— Cloudy Monday, with
scattering showers; fresh west wind. ,
Nevada — Cloudy Monday, with showers;
fresh northwest wind.- \
The temperature has fallen over the Interior
of California and the plateau and Rocky Moun
tain regions. . l /—.
-Forecast mad» at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 21 :
"A well marked depression overlies L Northern
Arizona and the southern portions of Nevada
and Utah. -The, pressure has fallen ov«r the
interior and remained nearly stationary along
the coast. . ¦" • -
Cloudy • weather prevails over the Pacific
Slope, and scattering light showers are reported
quilte generally. A thunderstorm, occurred At
Flagstaff. - • . . . - . . • .
San Francisco temperature 7 a. m.. 48 degrees.
WEATHER CONDlTlbNS ANP GENERAL
FORECAST.
. (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 20—5 p. m.
The following are the .seasonal rainfalls . to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in last twenty- four hours:
~~ ... :. Last .:„ This --¦'¦• Last
Stations — ¦ .- ¦ 24 -Hours.- Season. Season.
Eureka :...'.-;. .....i.. .29.-' 47.41 ' 44.68
Red Bluff -..:... ... .00 - 2D.73 22. <A
Sacramento Trace ' 16.32 17,50
San Francisco .04 17.40 IS. 99
Fresho . . . : .00 6.40 10.3d
Independence ...... .04 . . 4.27 S.S1
San Luis Obispo ...-Trace 21.27 27. 87
'Los Angeles ....... .00 10.48 14.18
San Diego .......... .00 .5.91 10.66
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
64. minimum "-17, mean 5O.-< ( r»--" %t---: *5(f
To Handle California Redwood.
EAU CLAIRE, Wls.; April 20.— Articles
of incorporation of . the Del Norte Com
pany of Eau Claire, 'with a capital stock
of $1,500,000, have been drawn.- Among: the
originators of- the --enterprise ¦ are -Eugene
Shaw and' John S. Owen" of. Eau Claire.
The cbmpan ; will handle a California.red
wood tract "Of 33,000 acres; } ¦- '¦'¦ ¦'¦•'
\ Weather. Report.
The early part of the coming, week in
the House will be devoted to routine busi
ness, with a prospect that some important
general legislation may be taken up dur
ing the latter part of the week, i To-mor
row will be devoted to District of Colum
bia business, Tuesday to war claims and
Wednesday to the oleomargarine bill,
which -\v(ks amended by the Senate. Dur
ing the remaining days of the week it is
practically settled that the anti-anarchist
bill of Chairman Ray of the Judiciary
Committee will be considered. -The meas
ure Is much more stringent than the anar
chist bill passed by the Senate. Plans are
ron foot for considering the omnibus pub
lic building bill also during the latter days
of the week. The measure has not yet
been reported from the House Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, but it
probably, will be completed early next
week, so that It may be taken up later in
the week. Beyond this no exact pro
gramme has been arranged. Two appro
priation bills, the agricultural and naval
bills, are about ready and may be brought
in at any time, and' the Military Academy
appropriation bill is on the calendar.
It is now understood that Senator Raw
lins. senior Democratic member of the
Senate Committee on the Philippines, will
lead off in the speechmakingr in opposition
to the Philippine bill, to be followed by
other members of the- committee and
other Democratic Senators. The opinion
is expressed chat the bill will be before
the Senate for at least three weeks.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— The Senate
will begin the week by taking up the river
and harbor appropriation bill to-morrow,
and when that' matter is disposed of will
resume of the Philippine
Government bill. It is riot expected that
much time will be required to set the
river and. harbor bill through the Senate,
as it is generally approved by' Senators.
Chairman 'Frye, chairman of the Commit
tee ort Commerce, who has charge of the
bill, f. to-day expessed the opinion .''that
there would be no debate on the bill and
that it would pass as soon as it could be
read.
Weeks May Be 'Consumed in
Argument on Philippine
Question^'
Will Pass the Measure
Without Much Loss
SENATE FAVORS
THE RIVER BILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1902.
9
-¦ 3 3g .33 'aft . $1 ¦ o
-.STATIONS. S- «§ S|- ;§ ; ?"* * £
.¦• s .¦¦ e ¦'-•¦• • • a
. .— .¦ • . .. « -i -¦¦ • ..»..¦ r
;. ,-„• . .— • ..^ ,- ; it a • .
Astoria. (..V..29.88 32 40 SW Pt Cldy .22
Baker... 29.70 30 34 NW Cloudy '.01
Carson.' .29.60 A0 32 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka.. 20.88 54 44 NW Clear .2$)
Fresno 20.76 66 44 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.46 «2 42 SW Pt Cldy T.
Pocatello, Ida.29.54 54 38 NW Cloudy .20
Independence..20.42 72 44 W Pt Cldy .04
Los Angeles. ..29.84 64 62 SW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.52 88 62 SW Clear .00
Portland...... 20. 80 5* 42 NW Pt ady .01
Red BlufE.....29.7S 60 4S N Cloudy .00
Roseberg. .29.80 5S ' 36 NW Cloudy T.
Sacramento. .:29. 78 58 >r 44 . SE 'Cloudy. T.
Salt Lake.... -.29. 46 ; 62' 48 W" Cloudy ...
San Frandsc6.29.86 ' 54- '48 | W Cloudy ' .04
S. L. Obt»po.'..29.88 62 42 W Haln T.
SaivDiej5O.....29.90 58 54 W Pt Cldy .00
Seattle...... :.29.S4 68 40 NW Cloudy .10
Spokane. ...... 29. 78 68 82 • N Clear. T.-
Neah Bay 20. 86^50 • 40 W Pt ady .08
Walla Walla.. 29. 76-60" 42 NE Pt CTdy .00
Winnemucca..29.53 54 24 SW Cloudy .00
Tuma.. 29.64 86 60 W -Clear .00
-¦ 3 3g .33 'aft . $1 ¦ o
-.STATIONS. S- «§ S|- ;§ ; ?"* * £
.¦• s .¦¦ e ¦'-•¦• • • a
. .— .¦ • . .. « -i -¦¦ • ..»..¦ r
;. ,-„• . .— • ..^ ,- ; it a • .
Astoria. (..V..29.88 32 40 SW Pt Cldy .22
Baker... 29.70 30 34 NW Cloudy '.01
Carson.' .29.60 A0 32 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka.. 20.88 54 44 NW Clear .2$)
Fresno 20.76 66 44 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.46 «2 42 SW Pt Cldy T.
Pocatello, Ida.29.54 54 38 NW Cloudy .20
Independence..20.42 72 44 W Pt Cldy .04
Los Angeles. ..29.84 64 62 SW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.52 88 62 SW Clear .00
Portland...... 20. 80 5* 42 NW Pt ady .01
Red BlufE.....29.7S 60 4S N Cloudy .00
Roseberg. .29.80 5S ' 36 NW Cloudy T.
Sacramento. .:29. 78 58 >r 44 . SE 'Cloudy. T.
Salt Lake.... -.29. 46 ; 62' 48 W" Cloudy ...
San Frandsc6.29.86 ' 54- '48 | W Cloudy ' .04
S. L. Obt»po.'..29.88 62 42 W Haln T.
SaivDiej5O.....29.90 58 54 W Pt Cldy .00
Seattle...... :.29.S4 68 40 NW Cloudy .10
Spokane. ...... 29. 78 68 82 • N Clear. T.-
Neah Bay 20. 86^50 • 40 W Pt ady .08
Walla Walla.. 29. 76-60" 42 NE Pt CTdy .00
Winnemucca..29.53 54 24 SW Cloudy .00
Tuma.. 29.64 86 60 W -Clear .00
j MEDICAL.
A— DH. O-!X>XNRLT.. world -renownSTopeciai-
Ul — J-n<J!«»s. all who *re rick or in trouble.
•-or.su, t the racialist on f«i»ale complaints;
rwtu*rna4 female complaint* posltlve'.y cor-
rected: f!i e uniortutxate helped; relief In alt
rsy*s tr-Urn; ihf> most liraoult cases tr«at«I:
hare relieved thousands of most obstinate
<ii«s; five, oor.ftdential advice on all subject*
'¦' n deiicato r.sturo. DR. O. V.\ O'DON-
__NKM,. oITV;* & rcsldcr.ee. 1C1S Mkt.. op. 5th.
HR8J D. WTtTH- Well-known reliable ladies'
rp.x-ir.liDt; histur.t relief guaranteed ; home tn
GOD&Mmeat: l-.ouis 9 to 5 and V to S. Re-
moved 10 lOC'Si*. Market st.. opposite 5th st.
MI'.S. D. KOHI Well -known laii-s' special- |
'.ft. :>0 years' experience, rt-moved to lOCS'i
Market st.. op;>. 5th; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8. '
UBS. SWEET. COC Guerero Ft., near 18th—
.Graduate of Royal University, Berlin: has US
years' experience in midwifery rases; takes
indies fee/ore and during confinement; best
v.ictiierly cure; infants adopted; confinements
US: room anfl board $3 week- cocsult me be-
for* going elsewhere. Phone Biue 411.
DR. AXD MRS. PA VIES andTllXDOHERB
original method cf treatment. Moved from
1 22S to 112<j Market st.
MRS. Un. COODWIN.Tjid^s' reliable «pe«lal-
i£t; rr.aterr.ity hospital; home lor infants fres;
f*e low. 900 Market st.. opp. Emporium.
:>Jl:S. D. ALLEN". 1118 Market — Reliable ladles
«T»ciitliEt; a private home before and during
; nt: best medical care; low fees.
DCS. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 100? V, Market: avoid delay; $10.
:>n. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., oppasltit
rnlon square; s.M diseases cured by herbs.
JWISCELLANGOIJS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machlneryTMcIN^
TOSH & WOLPMAX. 185-107 Fremont st.
4 Ii. P. BOILER and engine complete..:.. 590
t> H.'P. boiler and engine complete 1C0
20 H. P. boiler and ei:giue complete 250
T.G H. P. boiler and engine complete.'.... SjO
llolfting engine complete 'oQQ
Donkey boilers, from f^O up.
Ms. leather belting, new. 13c ft.
2Vin. leather belting, lie ft; 2-ln . 9c; 1%-
in., 7c ft.
All sire pipe; all ruantitles, at half price of
new. Oil and water tanks always on hand.
H. S. WHITE. 1S0-1S2 Beale tsU
SMALL branch bskery for sale cheap; rent $15
a month tor store and living rooms In a re-
spectable neighborhood: suit party who wants
to make extra money at occupation at home;
no exper. necessary. Box 1436, Call office.
COLLEGE KENNELS has Just received a fine
stock of dogs of all descriptions: come and
pick your prise-winners at half-price, as over-
stocked. 115 Haight St.; phone Fell 6S11.
* — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
Cines, boiler?, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 25S-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collendcr Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN of finest quality, same as new; bust
36; party polng East; cost $225; will cell for
$100. Address box 1558. Call office.
A — $3 60 Derby and Fedora, hats. $1 75. Popular
r'rice Hatters. 330 Kearny 6t., near Pine.
riNT SITITS. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT i
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
GASOLINE engine; burn* cheaper oils; flrsl-
cla«^ every particular. "Box 4968, Call office.
CAMPING tents complete for sale cheap. Ap-
ply at Armory. S15 Ellis st.
55-XEW Home; good condition. 1571 Market.
*< near Twelfth: tel. Howard 30S3.
SMITH Premier typewriter No. 2. cheap. Milk-
ers' Union of California, 431 Pine pt.
tX'IXT RICHMOND Lots— Maps mailed fre«!
P.ichmond Lend Co.. 182 Crocker bldg.
EI.EGAXT saloon ana panel doors; gomg
cheep. J. E. Whlttier. 'Co.'. lSthand Folsom. -
FIRST-CLASS equipment of restaurant for
FSle cheap. Box 4793. Call office.
CHOICE fresh cows for sale. FRANK S.
KXOWLES. Mission road, near Union Park.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
frhop. -B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
•ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
ii;akes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg' y .
tMison phonographs, records, supplies moving
r-ieture machines, films. Baclgalupl. ©33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engiires. ail sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
- , . ¦
UOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
1'AKER & HAMILTON.
=.\FES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
FOH secend-hand machinery, engines and boilers
£0 to D.J.McMast'rs.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
'ST-CLASS 2J-hand modern engines & boilers
. bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., Slfl Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
turce. Bi:L.LARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAATS.
Hid prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton Et.; phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED- Brick to lay by the thousand. Ad-
dress CHAS. EDWARDS, 934 Howard st.
I WILL pay good caah prices for old sealskins ;
«nd roetal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and 1
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted — 2U-hasd electric motors, all sizes, any ,
condition. FarnsworthElectricaIWks.,41STurk.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
300 FEET from Market and Third sts. : rent
low: large store, well lighted, suitable for
light many factory, plumber, tailor, barber,
trunk, wiflowware store or any business.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 51S Cali-
: fornla. St. . .. j
i.MMA SPRECKELS building. 827 Market st. —
Light, cheerful offices, $15@25 per month; i
light, heat, janitor and telephone. »
:,OFT for rent, 40x65 feet, .for light manufac-
turing purposes; with water; $16 month.
. WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth st.
STORE with large basement, below Kearny; al-
terations to suit tenant. 630 Clay, room 1.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The, Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
H OIL.
OIL tanks, 2nd-band. In rood order; all sizes;
cheap. H. g. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINTERS AAD DECORATORS.
Kooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d at.; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C ROMAHfE. 640 G. O. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
~ ~~" PALMISTRY. ~~~~
yri. "e. Pearce, scientific business palmist, re-,
moved to 104 Turk, r. 28: 10 a. m. 10 9 p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by mail, $1; palmistry taught.
MMJE. G. L.. KEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. TOO
Pest ct., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H JEROME FOSELLL BCientlfie palmist, 515
Taylor rt.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 561.
PA54TXERS WAJVTED.
PARTNER wanted: Buss House barber shop;
$100. 175 South First et.. San Jose.
PERSOyALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15- with these suits we make an extra pair
of T>ants free of charge; other suite on Install-
ment*. $J weekly. U LEMOS, 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth. . -.
A^-HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red ,
now. falling hair, dandruff, ecxema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a.>.ure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist. 131 Post St.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms,
to $1 W) per night; $1 60 to $« per week;
free 'bus end baggage to and from the ferry.
1IAY Desijrner and Standard Patterns Just out;
newett thirt waists and Jackets with postil-
lion* and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
. office, 1021 Market et., near Sixth.
X— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
Elite, cakes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 800 patterns.
FREE treatmtnts facial massage, usinz FAN-
NY BRIGGS CARR <Loa Angeles) face prep-
aratlcne. LEDERER'S, 123 Stockton st.
HAIR dyeing: bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c- hair dried by electric drier & dreese<i
:n 80 rain. Miss A.V.DjyI«.17C2 Mkt. op. lt)th.
EJectroiylic removal of moles and superfluous
hair- »>errnanent; painless; free treatment;
v.orlc cuarasteed. ilite C.Dudley.1702 Market.
AT I?** than cost, unca'led-for eulte,' overcoat*
And trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
_-s..tor. 72i Market et. , .
MONEY loarefl at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds. Dearls and preciouc stones bought
at \V. J. IICSTHAL'5, 10 Sixth St.
WHITK cnam*"l Iron be<Is. single, three-quarter
or <Joufcle. S2 2.V EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. I31O-1U12 Stockton st., n»=ar Broadway.
POINT ItfCIIMOND lots— $180 to $200; firms
$2T> cash. $5 per roonth; send for maps.
¦ Richmond I>ar.d Company. 182 Crocker bldg.
A — If your hair i« laHing or you are bald. caJI on
Dr.G.£.Mocre.:s.->2 O'FarreJl;iK:nd for circular.
MUPKUVL0DOUB hair aiid fnoles destroyed. with
cUetrtc needle.. MIES ISATON. 1118 Sutter iX.
rERSO\ALS---Continned.
1 MAKE first-class wie« and front, pieces;
halrdresslng, 2, r ic; shnrnpooius, TiOo: manicur-
lng 25c. G. LED13UEH. 123 Stockton st.
WILL the mlativt-M of J. A. Home of San
Kranclsco plase addrees box -19S5. Call offlco?
•ELECTRIC-, netxlie specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mra.H.Eatcn,427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE. German specialist; removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy et.. corner Mascn.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1710 Buchanan;. tel. West 251>.
TAII/DR-MADE suits.' $7 50; «!res>s pants. $2 5a
Mlsnt Clothing Tarlor, cor. Bush -and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical c&stumer. 26 O'Fatnell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light batns. massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsin.ctc. 2:i3 Oeary.r.27.-
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles t-emoved by
electric need!e.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Henna: i-estores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
one minu^e^to^th-aciuTIdrops^curc
Instantly; 10c and- 23c. AH druggists.
iJaSQUEBADE costumes, play, books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c: all druggists. •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
I'll VSICIANS AND SCRGEOSS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation, no detention from" businessman
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. IJrs. Forden & Porterfleld, 0 Turk.
Dlt. J. W. SEELEY, 207 Powell st. — Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, — Office and residence,
1021 >4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
real estate — city—for^ sale.
reaiTestate "foiTsale
by c. s. capp & co..
Real Estate Agents,
C30 Market Street.
Pott. bet. Octavla and Laguna — Lot 26x90;
old improvements. ¦ 1
Pierce and California — Double corner, 50x120,
with «ix neat modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th — Lot 25x100; fine view.
Jones, ne&r Jackson — Large lot and "-room
.house; very cheap.
California Ft., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
houses, 6 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontage. -
Geary St., opposite Hamilton equare^ — House,
2 stories, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:0.
Eureka St.; between 17th and 16th — Lot 60x
120, with one-story cottage. 7 rooms and bath
and stable; $4000.
Eureka St.. between 17th and 18th — 3 flats. 7
and S rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath;
$6000.
O'Farrell, between Polk and Van Ness— Lot
27:0x120 to rear street, with 4 houses; well
rented.
Arlington, between Natlck and Roanoke — Lot
43x51 to 69 feet: only $300. -.,
Golden Gate ave-.. between Pierce arid Scott —
3-story bay-window bouse, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister st., between 'Pierce and Scott —
Fine lot, 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro St.; easy terms if desired.. '
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th— Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster — Lot
51x120. with six houses and flats: all rented.
Folsom. bet. 3d and 4th — Large lot; old im-
provements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel or
factory. -. . - . . _
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merritt — Magnificent view and large lot; for
sale or trade for city property.
Two lots in Holladay Map A cheap.
Several cheap cottages near Castro St.; easy
terms if desired.
Sanchez, -bet. 14th and 15th— 25 or 50x100,
Cheap lots In Bernal Homestead; $10 per
front foot: near Mission road.
Arlington, near Natick— Large lot. cheap. £*¦
FIFTY lots in the tide lands in the city and
county of San Francisco, belonging to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on March
21; the time for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court ha's-been set for April 28.
at 2 o'clock p. m.. In Department 9; any per-
son may appear in court on that day and
overbid the purchasers; the highest. bidder, if
the price !s satisfactory to the court, wiH
secure the property. For other property of
the estate for sale same day see "Country
Real Estate" and "Financial" > columns of
: this paper. For all information, apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, 'room 22,
Chronicle building.
CITY OF RICHMOND— Invest your savings In
the new manufacturing town; lots from $180
— $25 cash. $5 per month; Santa Fe Railroad,
Standard Oil Company. Southern Pacific Com-
pany — all meet at Point Richmond; splendid
opportunity for investment; send for free
maps and all information, f Richmond Land
Company (Inc.), 182 Crocker building. San
.- .Francisco. CaL. ...'.•.. .'•.... ; _^-
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. .
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ¦ • .
CHEAP, new cottage 6 rooms; all modern im-
provements; large lot; high finished base-
ment; on 3. F. and San Mateo car line. See
owner on premises, Chenery and Fairmount
bts. ; small amount cash; balance like rent."
FOR Sale or Leaser-House of 11 rooms, bath;-
in University Mound Tract; fine suburban
residence; termg reasonable. For" further In-
formation apply Geo. L. Perham, 2779 Folsom.
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
it*.; 75x75. with improvements; make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
egtiare.
HAIGHT and Flllmore sts., northwest corner:
transfer point; 150x137:6. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 41t Montgomery St. '
$1250 — MISSION cottage and lot. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
$or»00 — Big sacrifice; nice flats; well rented;
choice location Mission. Owner, bjJx 40S9. Call.
HOUSE and lot. $950: 5 rooms. 107 Elsie st.
three blocks from Mission, pppposite 29th.
$5500— MUST be sold: $3000 cash only; rents
f CO. Apply 2623 Sutter st.. near Lyon.
CHEAPEST and best Jn America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages,. sent to any -address in the
United States or Canada .one year for $1,
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY— For Sale
• ¦ «fr
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain View, Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on March
- 22 In' nineteen subdivisions: the time for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior. Court has
been set for April 28. -at 2 o'clock, p. m.. In
Department -9: any- , person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers;
the highest bidder, if the price is satisfactory
to the court, will secure the property. For
other property of the estate for sale same
day, see '•City Real Estate" and "Financial"
columns of this". paper. For all information,
apply to
McGLYNN & MEXTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room
22. Chronicle building. ...
A BARGAIN— TO CLO8E AN ESTATE.
- 'A 10-acre .full bearing prune orchard in
Santa. Clara Valley. % mile from public,
grammar and high schools; Improvements are
a modern 8-room cottage, with bath and toi-
let, stable, carriage-house, tank and wind-
mill, man's quarters, chicken-house and yard.
deep well. Irrigating plant, steam pumps In
perfect order; full line of orchard imple-
ments: will be eold on easy .terms to suit
purchaser. Inquire J. H. PERINE, 328
Montgomery et.. roe™ 211. San Francisco.
¦ FOR BALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO— —
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
Ean Francisco- is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati- Co.: 302 California st., for
pamphlets and Information. V
600 ACRES at a bargain: fine land; no adobe;
oak tree*; vary best of improvements; sood
water cupply; adjoining railroad station"; 12
trains each way dally; just the place to sub-
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
NICE ranch. 32% acres, half mile from So-
noma; all improved In vines, fruit, hay, etc.;
fine country home; will be sold cheap on ac-
count of death. . M. JOOST & BRO., C18
Gough et., S. F. "..
INVEST your savings In Point Richmond lots;
price* sure to advance; $25 cash. $5 per
month: Information mailed free. Richmond
Land Company, .182 Crocker, building, Ean
Francisco. - " ' >* ? --i
A SNAP — Finest country home in San Mateo
County; 23, acres of beautiful grounds: ele-
gant residence, barns, etc.; Vt mile from sta-
' tlen; 29 miles' from city; 26 dally trains.
CEO. . W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
PROFITABLE crange. lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; «asy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt, r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose anfi ' Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTSH. WHITTON *
MONTGOMERY. 034 Market. S. F.. &. San J.
CkSH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept.. American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building. '
CHOICE country lands for eale. "Land Dept.,
. AmcricanGaarantyfcTruEt Co..Hayward.bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,"
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
POINT RICHMOND; REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE buying "in any tract eend name to
Albert W. B*ll. 3553 20th gt.. city /few snaps).
SCHl'RnAS ; REAL'- ESTATE.
BOSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station. ¦ for rent from June • 1 : rent $tiO per
' month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
EASTON, ELDKIDGE^T^Car
> - ; . ..." ..- v <>3S Market st.
TU ESD AT ....... .^y. . -. ;; „„*. .... April 22. 1902
At Our Salesroom, No. C3S Market St..
At 12 o'clock noon.
. PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION.
Southeast corner (No. 2424) Goush and Va-
llejo sts.: elejrant three-atory and finished
basement residence of 16 rooms and 2 baths;
modern in all details; excellent marine view;
rents 510S0 per annum; lot 25x90 feet.
' EXECUTOR'S SALE. . :
Southwest corner ot Harrison and . Juniper
sts., " between 10th and 11th Bts.; sold for the
estate of John L\ Corkeiy, deceased, and eubr
Ject to confirmation of Superior Court: im-
provements, stable, rents $10 a month; lot 30x
100 feet. ... . >,;.:' ..
. • SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE. . •
North side (No. 202ti) Sacramento St., 29:0
feet east of Pierce «t. ; modern two-story resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath: well built " and < in
good condition: In a very choice neighborhood;
lot 26x103 feet. .. ....
MODERN MISSION COTTAGE.
South side (No. 2717) 21st St., 75 feet cast of
Bryant -st>.; handsome new modern cottasre,' 7
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing; porcelain
bath; high basement, etc. : street bituminized;
cement sidewalk; lot 25x85 feet. . .
GOLDEN. GATE- AVE."' RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1107) Golden Gate ave.. 82:6
feet west of Buchanan st.; modern, well-built
two-story residence. S rooms and bath: rents
$4S0 per annum; lot 27:0x137:0 feet.
EXECUTRIX" S SALE.
South side (No. 41">) Oak st.. 165 feet west of
Laguna «<t.; well-built, modern cottage. 5 rooms
and bath: brick foundation; high basement;
rents $20 per month; lot 27:tlxS0 feet.
SAN BRUNO ROAD PROPERTY. -~ '-."
East Elde (No. 242S) San Bruno road, near
Silver ave. ; lots .10-41. Thornton andWilliams
subdivision of Silver Terrace Homestead: store,
4 living-rooms and stable; rents $18 per month;
lot 50x100 feet.
SILVER-ST. INVESTMENT. '
Northwest side (No. 30) Silver St.. 478:6
feet northeast of 3d st.: house 6 rooms and 2
rear flats of 3 rooms; rents $296 per annum;
lot 22x70.
HARRISON-ST. FLATS.
Northwest side (Nos. 912-12%) Harrison St..
125 feet west - of 5th at. 5 two flats of 4 rooms
each; rents $22 per month; lot £5x75 feet. .,
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT. :
South side Clement st.. S2:0 feet east 25th
ave.; choice building lot; street sewered; near
Sutro carhouse: lot 25x100 feet.
. SOUTH OF PARK LOTS.
South side of L st.. 30 feet east of 3Sth
ave. ; two fine lots In a district which a large,
increase In value will occur shortly; lots SOx
100 feet each. \ - ¦ -
' EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., •
¦ 638 Mdrket st.
REAL ESTATE TO- EXCHANGE.
.~~^~^~. —^ .~~^~j —
TO exchange for' lodging-house, 181 acres in
Capay. Valley: 22 acres in apricots and
prunes; 6-year-old orchard. Box 49S6. Call.
REAL. ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— -Business and good Income property
as Investment; nonobjection to mortgage;-
must be of good value for price asked. Own-
er's address, with particulars, Capital, box
4551. Call office. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ; REAL" ESTATE. -
W. K. CONGER fciCO.,
REAIAESTATE. . .
$3000 — New modern 6*room cottage; lot 50x
207:6; close., to station, "., schools and
street car line; easy terms; must be
seen to be appreciated.
$850 — i-room house, desirably located; lot 60
. xl50; fine , chance to get a nice little
home cheap. . --¦
$2800-^-Modern 6-room cottage; lot 40x150.
$2100 — tt-room modern cottage; lot 37:6x150. I
$3500 — We are building this elegant S-room 2-
story house; finest location In town; will
sell on terms to suit. . * :
$1900 — Will build you an elegant 5-room cot-
tage in one of the most desirable parts
of Alameda; small lot; terms to suit.
Our service* will be valuable to you If you
wish to buy, "self, rent or exchange property.
Money loaned. •
W. K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 Park St., Alameda.
Phone Grand 176. \
$2350— NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 35x120;
- terms ?2.Vt cash, balance $30 per month. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
TWO beautiful residences for rale. . Apply 406 |
Sixth st.. San Francisco. ..:¦.'¦.-
BERKELEY MTERT1SEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ' '
flCiOO FOR a bargain in a SO-foot lot in the
Wheeler Tract. Agency for the tract, MAY
*. MORTIMER. ;:
$;,0C0 — NEW modern house of 6 rooms; all
furnlfhed: A No. 1; come and se« it. MAY
ft MORTIMER.
(5000 — LOVELY home,' 9 rooms;- near college;
large lot. MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley
station. >
$2000— A LOVELY place for little money; lot
60x270; full of flowers, fruit, trees and vege-
tables; neat cottage, together with about 50
Chickens; situated about 1 mile from college
and depot; must be seen to be appreciated.
MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley stattton. .
$3750 — FINE new house of 7 rooms, 4 bed-
rooms, gas, etc.; only 350 feet from electric
R. R. and near the U. C. grounds; lot &ox
156. JOS. J. MASON, real estate, Berkeley
station. .
I FOR Sale — 300-acre fruit and stock farm in
Sonoma County, $8000; bargains in houses
and' lots in Berkeley; prices to suit; easy
tetms. J. P. HALE. 1504 Shattuck ave.,
last station, Berkeley. ¦
A PNAP — Lot 50x130. and good 'barn; on S.
Atherton St.: price for a few days *2000;
utreet work all done. MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley station. -. — . " . "
COTTAGE of T rooms and bath: high base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pagey. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — 5 acres, Rose ave. and High. st..
Frultvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. '
OFFICh— 1118 bKoAinVAY.
¦ - - - ¦• ¦¦
'O^KLAyP^FCRjyiSHED_^LATFOR_SALE.'
COZY- flat containing 15 rooms, neatly fur-
nished; good reason given for selling; a bar-
gain; good location. Inquire of ALBERT
¦ SCHMIDT. 1122 13th ave., E. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND BOARDERS.
FURNISHED rooms with or without board;
meals $5 per week; everything flrst-class." ,
Fifth Ave. House, 6th .ave. and 18th •' St.,
- East Oakland. • ¦ \
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh St.; Oakland.
ro^ms^for^iiocsekeepTng.
APARTMENTS for light housekeepIngTTurnlisfu
ed sunny ¦ suit, with kitchen; all mod ern -Im-
provements; bath; telephone; SIC to $20 suite.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna sta.
ARDELL, 15 Page St.— Best sunny furnished
housekeeping suites in city for price. $11; got.
EIGHTH, 1257, Oakland— Thre« nicely furn-
ished rooms for housekeeping. ,
HOWARD. 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or|Unfurnished housekeeping rooms. ¦
LANGTON. 256^3 — Three furnished rooms f Cr
• .housekeeping; private. ' - ".,.^ - . . :
MASON, 415—8 connecting rooms/complete. : '
MASON. 502, cor. Post — 2 s u'nny rooms for
housekeeping; coal range, . sink,' .running
, water: reasonable. • . . ~. $ii8g$j3
MINNA, 2S — Sunny; furnished housekeeping!
' rooms; single. 75c; double, : $1 per, week. ¦ ¦¦¦¦ .'
MISSION.' 823 — Housekeeping and other rooms
from $1 50 up. — :.-•¦'¦ ,¦."..;
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary-^-Bay window par-
¦ lor with kitchen complete; other roomi $8 up.
POET, 1018 — Furnished , sunny ' housekeeping
; apartments, with gas range.
THIRD. 41CB— Furnished rooms housekeeping;
.gas range; bath.- -. . ... .-¦¦¦-._, •¦ • .; . „•
TENTH, 149 — 1 or 2 • lovely .' . housekeeping
"rooms; piano, gas stove, bath,, etc. ,-
TV\ r ELFTH. 120 — Neatly, furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
r. received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- Eubscrlptions has been established ' at 10SX1
Valencia 8t. - , N ;•-.- - , . -. ; .
AUCTION SALES
£a 300 HORSES fe
: Will Be Sold At
II-+O Folsom Street.
CARLOAD EVERY TUESDAY UNTIL. SOLO.
These horses are from the Plllis grant and
nre all broke and gentle. And weigh from 1)00
to " 1400 pounds. Sale commences NEXT
TUESDAY. April 22. Also a choice lot ot
camp, peddling and express wagons, buggies,
carts and harness. • '
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
>AN FHANCISCO.
(Main Line, foot of Market Street )
LiiTr — From Afbh. 20. 1908. — jimti
fg 7.00a Beoicls, Sulsan, Elmtra and Sacra-
mento : 6.65p
7.00a Vtcavllle. WlnteT». Bumsey 7.86*
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo,
. Xapa, Calistoga, Santa Eosa 6-25F
8.00a. Cavli. Woodland. Knight* Laadlag,
MarysTllle, OroTille.... 755f
8.00 a A tlan;ic Express— Ogden and East. 825 a
8.00a >"lles, Lathrop, Stockton 7-25?
8.00a Kile*. MenCota, Hanford, Visalia.
PorterriUe 4-55P
8-30a Shasta Express— Darts. WillUms
(for Bartlrtt Springs), "Willows,
Bed Bluff, Portland,. 7.65?
8.30a San Jo»e. LIvermore. Stockton.
lone, : Sacramento. PlacerviJle.
Msrygfllle, Chico, Red Bluff 425f
8.30a Oakdalc,Ch!neae,Sonora,Tuolum&e 4.25?
9.00a Vallejo 12.25*
8.00a Los Angeles Kxprew — iUrtiaei,
\ . Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,Merced.
I!»yinond,Frrino£nylLo»Ancole» 825 a
" 9.30a Vsllejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7-65p
tiO.QOA Haywsrd, Xllcs »nd Way Stations. t12-6SP
10.00a The OTerla&d Llmitea ¦«- Ogden,
Denver, Omnha. Chicago. B25p
. t1 -00* B«cr«mento KlTer Steamer* til .00?
3.00p Bcnicla. ITlaters, Sacramrnto.
Woodland, Knights Lutdlng,
Mary»vllie. Orovllle 1055a
3-30p Hayward, Kilestnd Way Stations.. 7.55p
4. OOp Mattinez.San K»mon,VallpJc,Nap»,
Caliitoga, Santa Ro»a 9-2Sa
4-QOp Kllea, LIvermore. Stockton, Lodt.. 12.25P
4.30p Hayirard.^ilM.SanJoae.LlTennoM tS.SfiA
430r The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
Baker»fleld, Saagus for Santa
Barbara, Lo» Angeles......"..:... 8- 55a
6-OOp Port Cos ta.Tracy.Lathrop.Stoekton 1025 A
6-OOp 31artinez. Antlooh. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Raymond. Fresno 12.2SP
tS-30P Nile* Local 7 25a
6-OOp Hay ward.NIleii and Saa Jose 7.65a
18.00P Vallejo ..!\ 11.25a
~ 6-OOp Oriental Mall — Ogden, Bearer,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago 4-2Si»
7.00p Saa Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
t7JMJp Vallejo..... 7.66»
8.06P Oregon A CalifornU Exprms— Sac-
ramento, Msrysrlllr, Bedding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Eaat. 8 55 a
tS.lOr Hayward apdNtlei XUJSa
COAST LINE (aarrow Ua«g«).
¦ (Foot of Market Street.)
17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion $8.05*
8.15a Newark, Centeirllle, San Jose,
- - >'. Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
- Cruz aad Way Sta tioaa S6Q*
t t2-15r Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Jotc.
Kew Almsden. Felton. Boulder
¦ ' Creek. Santa Craz and Principal
"Way Stations.. ...."........ 1050a
4.15? Newark, 6an Jose, Los Gato*....... 18.60*
M-ISp Saa Jose, Los Oatoa. 8antaCmz... c3 50 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN yBAKCISCO. Foot of MarketfiL (Slip I)
— tT:15 9:C0 11:00a.m. 100 3-00 S.1&P.X.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway —+6:00 t3:af
n-.QS 10:00 a.m. 12.00 2.00 400 p.*.
COAST LINE (Broad flame).
«Thircl ana Towmend Streets.)
V.IQa ban Joan and Way Stations 6.40a
t7-0OA San Jose and Tray stations..... ... t8-0OA
7.00a Sew Almsden .:... /4.10P
!7.15a Monterey Kxcnnton ;8.30p
8-COa Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
. . -. . .. GCroy, Sallnan, Saa Luis Obispo.
- Santa Barbara. Loa Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-4S>
9 CO a San Joae. Trea Pino*. Santa Cruz,
-Pacific Grove. .S«l1na.«, S»n Laia
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations ' 4.10P
10.39a San Jose and Way Stations......... 8-38 a
11.30a San Joae and Way Station* 9.48a
a1.3Qp San Jone and Way Station!... a700p
I2-46P San Mateo, Redwood. Me nlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San Jose.
Trea Plnos. Santa Crnz, Sillaas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
.GroTe t1 0.45a
3.30P San Jour.. Del Monte. Pacific GroTe*,
Santa Crnz and Way Station* 7.SCP
t4.16p San Joae and Principal Way Statioaa 5-Mp
t6.0UP Son Jo«e, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations +9 00a
5.30i> Sftn Joae and Principal Way Stations 6-30p
8.30p San Joae and "Way Stations 7.30?
7.00P Xe* Orleans Express — Saa Lais
Obl.«po, Santa Barbara, Los An-
gele>. Demlng. El Paso, .New
Orleans and K.ist... 10-30 a
«11.45f San Jnsr- and W»ystatlon»
. A for Moratnz. . 1* for Afternoon,
t Sunday exempted. t S«nd»y only.-.;.* ¦¦'
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
b Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
¦ < s»-4»<i»v on it.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. COL
" • ' IiBSSEBS
SAN FBINCfSCO AMJ NflaH PACIFIC
- RAILWAY COMPAST.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:W a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, «:S0 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at l:0O and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, 8:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:10, ":50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra.
trips at 1:53 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40,
5:05. tt:25 .p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 11)01 [ San Francisco. _
Week I Sun- \ I Sun- I Week
Daya. [ days. | Degtlnatlon | daya. | Daya.
7:S0am £ :00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
S :30pm 8:30am Petaluma. 8 :05pm 10 :25am
5:10pm 5:0Opm Santa Roaa. 7:35pm <:20pn>
Flilton. ¦
7:30am Windsor, 10:25aia
- . & :00pm Healdsburg; 10:40axn
¦ - Lyttor,
' Geyservllle.l
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 0:00pm Hopland < 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am ~~ ¦ * 10:40am 10:25am ;
8:00am Guernavllle. 7:35pm . j
3:30pm 5:00pm . ' . ¦ 8:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma h 9:15am 8:40am ¦
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellea. 8:05pm 8:20pa
~7:30aml 8:00am| ' |10:40am|10:2Sam
S :30pm| 6:00pm| Sebastopol. \ 1 :35pm \ 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; a.t Fulton.
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lyttoa Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagss Springs: at doverdaio
for the' Geysers; .at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs, Kelseyvills, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. ' Upper Lake, Pomo. Pott«r Valley.
John 'Day' s. Riverside, Lderley*», Bucknell's.
Sanbedrln Heights. HuUville, Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. UssU.
WlllUs, Laytonville. Cummins. Bell's Sprlnjrs.
Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka, s
Saturday to- Monday round- trip tickets at r«-
duced rates./ • "n
On - Sundays round- trip tickets to . all poiata
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates., v
. . Ticket office, e50 Market street* Chronlcl*
bulldlns. " •
II. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sanaalfto Ferry,
Commencing September 29, IU01.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALI^ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEBX DATS— «:55. 8:30, »»:aa 11:00 a. m..
•1:45T«:15, 4:15. 8:15, *B:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TVtrS— For Mill Valley and Sun
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesday* and Saturdays
at 0:30 and 11:40 n. m. . - .
SUNDATS— •8:00. 0:00. »10:00. *U:30 a. m.
•1:15, 3:15, »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
I Trains marked (•> run to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«5:25, 6.27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a. nu, 12:25. 2:15, *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 'lO:©©. »11:45 a. m..
' n;4O. •3:15. 4:45. »«:3O v. m.
1 Trains marked <*) start from San Qtientln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:39
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS 6n Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— «:05. 10:05 ». m.. ,12:04, 3:13.
3^50. 5:00. 6: G> p. m.
THROUGH TRAUC S.
* 6:55 ft. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. - ' ' ' -
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan MUla and war
stations. - -¦
- 8 :00 . a. m. Sundays— Duncan '", Mills and way
station*. ¦..¦¦-.. .. "
Fairfax. Sundays— 8 :C0. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30
a. m. , * *-' • ¦¦ ¦ •
- L*gal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. • - - ~ ¦>• : '
S*~*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jf^-BJlj 6-O KE.4r.XT »T. Established
|U«4"^^alii 1«34 for the treatment of l'riv*t«
H|-iKV.'lCT DU«-n«es. l^>«t Aunoooa. Debility or
B»Sp»fflfc<1N«>as > wearing mi body ami mind and
¦kXHSfiKj&Slctn Disuses. The Doctorcures wh«a
SK^^«i<iirr«cuari»ntr«-d. Call or writ*.
J>r. J. F. VIBBO>, &au Fraucisco, Cal.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- Leave Via Sausalito Ferry \ ' Amv«
• "- San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. |
fl-30 A. 8:00 A. p^- ntantot ,,„„ »« T ao 1-00 T . Ma a.
Jai I: Ste ?h^'^ S J' S8 1
1:15p. *•"•• T r k^ v< * i * * V .[5:65 r. ¦ -
¦ ¦ . iM.Su'rnadsn la 8aa«ttuiIU<a».t!.M; - '.*--'
• - . twut oa«s «a iuau: tisui -4 ucaAUie nut r£
Santa^Fe
Train s-Daiiv.
', Leave Market-street Ferry fiepot.
' . Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
'• Daily Dally Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
.Ar Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a lt:10 p .7:18 p
•• Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
"Fresno... '2:05 p 2:35 p 3:1.* a 10.50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p '3:27 p 8:03 a .......
- •• Vlyalla.. 3:3Op ... 8:00a
"Bakersfld 6:15p 5:20 p 7:45a.......
"Kan.Clty ".. 2:40 a 7:30 a ........
."Chicago.... 2:15p i>:00 p .......
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakcrsfield for accommodation of
local' first-class - passengers. No second-,
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
' 4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrive! at 12:30
p.:m. r dailyf- -' •
8-p. m. Is • tht Overland Express, -, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper,, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 -p. m.
7 :20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. - Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.'
¦Offices — 641- Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 .Broadway,
Oakland.- . .-.- ; - -
ROOMS ; TO LET--.Fnrn. and Unf nrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 Me AJUster— New.' elegant."
sunny; ;75c; day. upward;. -rate* .; by. week- or
.'month; McAllister cars _todoor: handsomest
¦ ' grill room. in California attached. --. ¦_'.-'¦,
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per nisht; $1 25 to ?5 per week, and
¦¦¦light housekeeping rooms; open all night. - '
AT Grand Southern, ,7th! and Misslon-^Changed
hands ;. 100 rooms newly renovated ; ' 50c t'j
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; j elevator.
A— VENDOME. 1104 - Market— Changed hands!
I renovated: f urn. suits.. -Mrs.- V. W. ATlUer.
ALL. choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
'week or month: bath, 1 phone: ¦ 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old - No. * 13«4)— Fur-
:- nlghfid.rms.. suites, ; single; also unfurnished.
BUSH,' 1105—4 . large well-furnished rooms;
suitable small private club or family adults.
BUSH. 1028— Furnished large "room, communi-
-•eating bath; $12 month; private, family.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, ' cor. Mason — Elegantly
¦. * furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 832— Newly furnished : front . and back
parlors, $10; private house;. other rooms 58.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely -turn, rooms, 35c.
-; tlSO night; $1SO, $6 week; opea-aU nights
GEARY. 405 (The ' Navarre)— Klegantly furnish-
¦'¦ed suites and single; travelers accommodated. \
GEARY,. 4S3— Well-furnished ... single front
roonr, also" suite, 'for l!ght housekeeping. •
GENTLEMAN wants ' a gentleman to share
with him .a large suite of rooms In a first
class family hotels Address L.H. C, 26
Montgomery st.. room 14. _ . ¦ ,
GOUGH, 1013— Nicely furnished front sunny
rooms; cas; bath.
HOWARD, 125S. ¦ near Ninth— Sunny room;
newly furnished; quiet; family; $8; adults.
HYDE, S41— New sunny rooms to let, with or
without board; hot and cold water; modern
conveniences. ; Phone East 117.
JONES, 614 — Large sunny front alcove, suitable
for couple, hks. If desired. $10; single rm., $6.
MINNA, -258—3 sunny unfurnished rooms!
yard; rent reasonable. < . ; 1
MINNA, Ml— Room to let suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; call morning or evening.
MINNA, 607, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per woek:- transient.
MISSION, 1427B — Sunny furnished room with
bath; -hot and 'cold water.. .
O'FARRELL, 2Q- : -Sunny furnished rooms ai?d
offices; elevator, elec. lights;, day, week, mo.
POST. 978 — Neatly furnished rooms; double
' parlor or single rooms ; bath ; private.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light.
. reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 DO; week, $2
': to $8 month, - $8 to $30, ' elevator on ground
'. floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Anartment . House. 28 Eighth st.,-
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SIXTH. 143— Elegant sunny bay-window suite;
will be furnished to suit tenant, " •
VALENCIA. 1232 — Nicely furnished room for
-two: sunny; near Valencia-st. depot ;* gas
—and bath. - : " " • .
WILLOW ave.. 14, off " Larkln," near Eddy 2
single furnished rooms; $5 and $6.
CLASSIFIED "advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been established at 1096
: Valencia st. . , ¦ , -.-¦¦.. - -^
ROOMS AND. BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218- Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
, first-class board;' reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table r popular rates.
' VAN NESS, 519— .Handsome : furnished sunny
t> suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN: NESS, 915— Sunny .rooms; hot and cold
, water; excellent board, $45 & $40, for couple.
VAN NESS. CO" — To a refined couple; large
sunny parlor, with board, in private home.
ROOMS WANTED. >
WANTED — Unfurnished' room by man; . one
floor with a family. Box 49fi4. Call. ,
¦ .'•'/ SPECIAL -'NOTICES. :^ \
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip Or-
phanage, at 520 Lake st., San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half orphan
girls, from Jan. 1 to April 1. 1002: Hazel W.
West, 6 yrc; Daisy Rood. 11 yrs. ; Elsie M.
' Moggride, 2 yrs. 6 mos. ; Blanche M. Wilson
I « yrs. ; Erol Goldstein, 10 yrs. ; Hazel I. Wolfe
12 yrs. ; Louisa B. Loeser, 9 yrs. ; Hattie H.
Nelndeck, 10 yrs. ; Juanita Tomllnson, .12
. , yrs. ;. Evelyn. Raymaud, 7 yrs. v , ;
"B/Cp" tenants ejected for $4; collections mado:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
._ CO.. " 418 Montgomery; rooms fl-10: tel. .5530.
SEWISG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought^ sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates.- Tel. Green 144. 206 4th. .
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing-
lowest rates; phone Howard 32C4.* 145 Sixth..
"AND .WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH. Storage and Moving Co,
office- Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel/ Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS8.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 030 Market st.;
tel. Main 1810: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany.- 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
TvmvB^n'Ens^Ap supplies:
GREAT BARGAINS^ "JN-'TYPJEWRiTEKs'-- We
sell better niachlnea-for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
¦ -typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWKIT1NG AND MljlEOGRAPHIXGJ
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio"; copies, 2c; mim-
eographlng. 1)27 Market, rm. 301; Jessial554.'
v- PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; Berkeley—
. Notice to Contractors, Builders and Ma'te-
, rial Men::>Notlce Ishereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed ¦ proposals or'blds are solic-
ited for performing the labor and furnishing
the- materials necetsary to the erection of an
.,- addition to the. Bacon Art. Gallery and Ll-
1 brary Building on the grounds of tlie Un*--'
vtroity of California at Berkeley, Alameda
County, and said bids or proposals will be
received at room 19, ninth floor. Mills build-
ing,- Ean Francisco, at or before 3 o'clock
p. m. of the 30th of April, 1D02. And notice
is hereby further given that the plans and
' speculations of said building have beet
mad* and /adopted and are placed in the of-
fice, of the secretary of the Board of Regents
room 10. South Hall, Berkeley. Cal., where
the *ame may be seen and examined during
• >ach day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p^srri., from this. date until said 30th day of
April* 1902. No bids or proposals will b*
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent -of his pro-
posal,-" with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that - If eald bid or proposal shall be ac-
"cepted the party, proposing will duly enter
intg a proper contract tofalthfullyperformthe
- duty and obligations in accordance with said'
proposal and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract: Th» rltht to reject any
' and all bids Is., hereby .reserved. .This notice
' is elven pursuant to an - act entitled "An-
afctvto amend an act entitled .'An act to cre-
ate- and" organize the University of Califor-
nia,' apnroved March 2G. 18(HJ. and an-act
amendatory - of ¦ section 25 thereof, approved
¦ March 23, .1872.. relating to the construction
of buildings,"' approved March 3, 1897. By
'.'; order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings. of -the '•Board of Regents.
. W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary. ¦
r^BIRTHS-MRRIAGES-DEATH&~
Birth, marriage 'and death/ notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must: be handed
In at either of the 'publication offices and be
Indorsed with .the. name and residence 1 of per-
sons authorized, to have the same published. -.
; .'- ;'¦' •/-."-; : -B0BN.;'-'" ¦".-;- " C -
LARSON-Uln this city,' ApVil 13, 1902, to ths.
. wife ¦ of Louis - Larson (formerly • Hannah
Mork), a son. - •¦"- - ¦ -"¦ ¦ -~ - ¦
•-• . ' ,.;¦ - died. . : ;.:. ¦'¦. -.--v (
Blackney, Charles "¦ Hill,- Mary A. ¦;"¦>; ¦>'{
Brennan, Rev. Fath«r , J.orgensen, Enll'te^
• William:. ¦ ; Katlskyr Louis '
9 Collins, John • -¦- - McDonald. Robert F.
• ; Curtis. * Augusta ¦- - - - Maggi, G. ¦ R, .. , , t .1 ,
¦< v Determann. Auguste Merkel. August ¦'•' *
¦i Donovan. Maria 1 -.-., •¦ Ploner, Maryv-; ! -\
Elston. ¦ Thomas . ..--.: Roesch. Catharina ~
Gels. H.' ' - Rojrerff. ; John H. •'¦'
Goodwin; Harry B. Wagner. . Mary A:^ :
Gould, WAlter E. : " Wise. Kate S. ,
' Hedqulst. Harry w^__ Young, John A. ,
BLACKNEY— In this city, . April '• 20, 1902.
• Charles, beloved husband of Ida : Blackney.
' and brother- of James "Blackney, *a ; native' of
' . . Mlchlean, - ; aged . 42 ; , years 5; months and ; 7
' daj-». . ¦ '"-. - " • - .-. ¦ ¦ '¦ - - ¦ '• ¦' .
BRENNAN— In Mlddletown, Lake County.'
,; > April- 18. 1902, Rev. ;• Father William Bren-
-nan, beloved brother of Mrs. Margaret Dono-
van, 0. natl ve " of - Toronto, . Canada, ¦ aged • 50
¦ 'years 4 months and 22 days. \ j -
. ' crFrlends and*acqualntances are;respect-
f ully . invited to attend the .solemn i requiem
mans which will be ; celebrated for the repose
"'of-;hls • soul to-day. .(Monday), ¦ In Sacred
.-.Heart Church,- commencing at 9:30 o'clock.'
• .Interment ¦ Holy* Cross ' Cemetery. -. The r«-
; mafns will -be removed - to Sacred, Heart
¦Church Sunday, at 8:30 o'clock p.-m.- .. .¦
COLLINS— In this city, April 20, 1902. John,
¦'. beloved husband "of . the late -Mary -Collins, .
. - and ¦' father. ' ot -Sister. . Mary t Bernard -of - the
Order of the Holy Family and Margaret Col-
lins and. Mrs; F, Amati, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, • aired 74 j years 4 months " and
.V.29 days. -.-. .- •. <---.-. - . \
IE!?" friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend 'funeral services to-
morrow (Tuesday), at* ?:30. o'clock, at- his
I late residence,- 1707. Powell street, thence to
¦-¦ St. Francis Church, where a ¦• requiem " hlgR
'. mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul,- - commencing, at , » * o'clock. ;¦ Interment
"Holy Cross Cemetery. . " :
CURTIS-^In this city, April .20. 1902. Au-
! gu«ta, beloved wife of Frank C. Curtis, and
" mother . of ,' Allan Curtis, and daughter of
Nicholas and Catherine A. Smith, a native
- of -San Francisco, aged 22 years 3 months
: and : 12 days. '--. , .-..; : \
DETERMANN — In - Oldenburg, -.Germany.
March 25, 1902, Auguste Determann, aged 80
. years. ' - ¦ ¦"¦ ¦- • •>
DONOVAN— In this city,. April 20, 1902, Maria
i Donovan, beloved mother, of William J.,' A.
G.," S.-F. and- M.- E.." Donovan, and aunt of
• Annie J. Madden, a- native of County. West-
v meath. Ireland, aged '73 'years.- • •
, ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. » .: :
ELSTON— In this 'city, April 20, 1902,
Thomas,- dearly beloved f husband of Eliza-
beth Elston,' and brother of : Michael Elston
of- this- city, a: native of St.-, John, New
Brunswick, aged t57 years. „ -.. >-
GEIS— In this city,. April 10, 1902,- H. Gels,
a native of . Germany. A member , of Eureka
Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S.
tC?"Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully" invited to attend 'the funeral Tuesday, j
-April 22, at 'i o'clock, from the parlors of H." ,
P. Petersen. 22S McAllister street, where
. funeral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. S.
- Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GOODWIN— In this city, April 19. 1002, Harry
Blair Goodwin, a native of Cleveland, Ohio,
aged 3a years 0 months and* 1» days.
S7The funeral will take place Monday, at
;.- 2 o'clock, : from his late residence. 2004 Va-
' llejo street. Interment -private.
GOULD — In Los Angeles. April 10. 1902. Wal-
; ter Earle I Gould, beloved husband I of Mar-
i garet Gould. . and son of the late -Alfred S.
Gould and the late Eleanor E. Gould, a na-
tive of San Francisco. (Arizona, Cincinnati,
Ohio, and New York papers please copy.) . t ¦
C7'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, ' from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near' Post.- Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
HEDQUIST— In vthis city. April 20. 1902.
Harry W. Hedqulst, dearly beloved and only
ton of John and Augusta Hedquist, and
brother of Edna E. : Hedqulst, a native of
San Francisco,, aged 4 years and 25 days.
CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 22, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 19 Prospect avenue,
between .Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth
streets, off Powell avenue/Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. , . ' •
HILL— In this city, April 18, 1902. Mary Annie
I Hill, beloved daughter of Henry Hill of
Trail, .Or., and sister of Henry and Emma
¦ Hill,- a native, of Trail, Or., aged 27 yeara
- 3 months and 25 days. "
' C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,"
April 21, at 11:80 o'clock, from tha funeral
.parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1900
" Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth; Interment Cynrees Lawn Cemetery
t vault, by carriage. _ .; .
JO'RGENSEN — In this city, April 18» 1902.
Emll Joreenaen, beloved father of Mrs. C.
von Rosen and Victor, Martin and Carl Jor-
gensen, and brother of Mrs. P. Danielson and
Mrs. C. Bohme, a native of Copenhagen,
Denmark, aged 56 years. A member of Court
Justice, F. of A. .
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
April 22, at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 825 .Turk street. .Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
KALISKY — In this city, April 19, 1902, Louis,
beloved father of Gertie Kallsky, and brother
...of Samuel and Charles Kalieky, Mrs. M.
'•'Kalisky and Mrs. M. Cohen, a. native, of
¦ " Pelsern, Poland, aged. 59 -years 6 months and.
Sdays: ' " " ' . ';:; :.-. .; -.',*; '. •.';.'
tt^Frlends and acquaintances are respec:-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- services
on Monday morning at 9:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 131S Oclavla street. Inter-
- mant Hills of" Eternity : Cemetery by car-
" riases. • ' . ,
McDONALD— In Louisville, Ky., April 14,
1902, Robert F. McDonald (of McDonald
Bros.), beloved husband of Trinidad Mc-
¦Donald " (prof esslonally known as Belle -Wil-
ton), and father of Agnes, Elsie and Rich-
ard "McDonald, and brother of,'" J.' A. and J.
I J. McDonald and Mrs. P. Hayes, Mrs. H.
• Schroder- and the late Mrs. F- Whitelaw, a
native of San Francisco," aged 37 years.
3 Cy Friends and acquaintances are respectr
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, . from the parlors of
the- United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reDese.of his soul, at 9:30 o'.clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. : ¦ . ¦
MAGGI— In San Mateo. Cal.. April 20. 1902.
-• G. R. Maggi. beloved . husband . of Hose'
. Maggl. and -father of R. R., G. R..-. Clemen-
- tlna." Ida and Paul Maggl and Mrs. Maty
.-Muzio, and brother of .Mrs. G. .Devoto, a
'-Jiatlva'of Italy;' aged 4fi"yearts~3 months anS
27 : days..,- - . '¦ ¦ -•- "-..¦.¦-•¦ -"¦ -
: E7Funeral at 10 • o'clock,' • Tuesday, April
22, 1903. from residence,: thence to St.
• Matthew's -Catholic <Church. Interment St.
. John's Cemetery. ¦ • : ' '- .
MERKEL— In this City. April 20. 1902. at his
residence, - 316 " Devisadero street, \ between
Page and Oak, August. Merkel, dearly be-
loved husband of Franclsca Merkel, and
stepfather of ¦ Emma Frey, a . native - of
Keichenthal. Baden, Germany, aged .56 years
.,-11 months and 3 days. A member xjf Sued-
• deutscher. Verein. - - ,.¦•..- . !•¦•"». : "¦'
IT^Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to Attend a requiem liighmaEs,
which will be celebrated for the repose of his'
soul. " to-morrow (Tuesday), at St.. Boniface's
" Church. Golden Gate avenue., between Jones
and - Leavenworth streets, commencing at
10:15 o'clock. Interment private. ¦ ~ .
PLONER— In this city, AptII 19. 1902. Mary
. Ploner, dearly beloved wife of P*. P. Ploner,
, a native of Canton Underwalden, Switzer-
\ land, ased 45 years.. - ¦ ". - .
(CTFriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend /the funeral to-day
¦ (Monday), : at 1- o'clock.- from the parlors -of
.the Gantner &. Gunta Undertaking Company,'
" ; 12C9 Minion -.' "street,-" between," Eighth and i
Ninth. Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery. '•
ROESCH— In this c!ty. April 20, 1902,' Cath- j
arina Roesch. belovod wife of the j
. late Joseph Roesch, and beloved mother of" 1
Mrs. August • Vetter, Mrs. Henry Schnelters
and John, Anton and Simon Roesch and the
the late- Mrs.' Sophia- Hiegel. a native of
Baden. Germany, aged 72 years and 11 days.
ROGERS— In Oakland. April 20. 1002. John
H. Rogers, .beloved father, of Mrs. G. H.J
Sheffield, a native of England, aged 56 years
and 15 days, - . . / » ¦
WAGNER— In Oakland. April 10. 1002. Mary
A., beloved wife of Freti Wagner, a -native
of Boston. Mass.," aged 01 years and. 19 days, i
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to-, attend funeral- service's i
- Monday. April 21, 1902. at 2 o'clock, at N.
W. I>eitch's oarlors, 878 Broadway, corner !
of Eighth- street.- Interment St. Mary's.:
Cemetery. Oakland. * . . • - .
WISE— In this city, April 20. 1902. Kate S.
Wise, mother of Clark, R. A. and R. H.
Wise, a native of Kentucky, aged 04 years 9'
,, months and. 0. days. . ¦¦,,. , - .,
YOUNG — In West Berkeley. Ai>ril. 20, 1902.
John/Arthur Young, dearly beloved son of-
John and Jane Young, and brother of Agnes,
Ro3!e. . Virginia and Frances Youngr, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged. 3 years 4 months
and G days. ' - "
HENRY J. CAL LACKER CO.
- ".-(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
.20 Fifth st:. opposite Lincoln School.
' Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
/ NEAREST THE CITY. "
Office, 916 Market Street.
.Telephone Bush 367.. '. \. ;
NEW. FIRM OF. UNDERTAKERS.
" Samuel McFaddeii. ,18 years manager for j
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
'McBrearty, with the . same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
¦ nor & Co.. have opened new. Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission St.". between Seventh
¦ and Eighth.' Telephone South 44. ,- • . .'George Ecker,. who -had. been! living at
231 Second street for the la<st"eight months
and was employed -in a real^estate office,
was found dead In bed yesterday morning
by the bedmaker. His bodyi was: taken to
the Morgue. He had been. ailing for the
last two months and it Is,"- supposed, his
death was due to natural causes. He was
about 40 years of age. •;:.•¦. -^ ¦ i'i r ;
Sudden Death Overtakes Him. I
Do You ; Want a Trunk
At a~ moderate price— one that' looks good
and is , good? Made of genuine j bass
wood, brass trimmed, with leather straps
and two trays. It is a leader . in our trunk
department, and the '.price is $7 50. -We
have a special suit, case," also, at $6 60,
that • is equally fgood and cheap. San
born, Vail: &¦, Co., 741 Market street. *
Foot Crushed by Train.
¦Charles Casero,'22 years- of age, and re
siding ; at 423^ Filbert . street, \ was injured
by a picnic train "at Schu'etzen | Park yes
terday: afternoon. / Casero ; was foremost
in a crowd awaiting transportation home
ward, when ho. was jostled in front of the
locomotive and had his right foot crushed.
The parishioners of St. Francis Church
will give an entertainment on Wednesday
evening, April 23, at Golden Gate Hall.
The object rt the entertainment is to
raise funds for the erection of a new resi
dence for the clergy. Although 9t. Fran
cis Is the oldest parish church in the:clty
it has long needed a new home for. the
father in charge. The usual yearly pic
nic will be done away with, and the en
tertainment will be relied upon to bring
In / the necessary money. rA fine pro
gramme has been '., arranged. ' Excellent
talent has been secured, which will pre
sent a carefully selected and; well-studied,
drama, along with numerous specialties,"
including Irish reels and jigs.' The gen
eral admission will be 50 .cents,, reserved
seats 75 cents. Tickets cato be had at
Gallagher Bros.', 18 McAllister street; • at
the parochial residence, 620 Vallejo street,
arid at the hall on the evening of the en
tertainment; ; ••¦* ¦¦¦•¦..-...'. !
Gate Hall.
Give Entertainment at Golden
Members of St. Francis Church Will
The' men of the Stanford Club of San
Francisco, composed- of alumni and
former students of Stanford University,
will i hold; a .smoker and "get-together
party" on 1 the third floor of Pythian Cas
tle. 909 Market street. ' at • 8 ;o'cloc.k to
night. , •¦•• SV-.-.v. ...-;. ,••;:,:¦¦.:..... - , ,; .
There will be no set programme. Pipes
and light refreshments will have the right
of way. ?6tunts will be furnished by Shir
ley Baker, Charles K. Field, Joseph Ros
borough,. Charles Dillon, Phil Abbott,
Frank. Rodolph,\Van King, Adolph Kauf
man and others. , : '
lar Alumni.
; To-Night by a Number of Popu-
Stunts . to ; Be -- Furnislrad \ at Meeting
stanford club men .
willhave;a: smoker
The visiting delegates are nearly all ac
companied . by their ; lady j relatives. The
visiting ladles will be taken' care of by the
Ladies'; Auxiliary, of \the r San Francisco
local.';-; v/ : ;-j :/¦¦¦);-:-. '¦'.---•; .-'•¦'• "' '. '~- '. : '
"A'flne programme/ has' been arranged
and the San Francisco local," together with
Its Ladies' Auxiliary; will extend hospital
ity to the visitors. ¦;. - '. ' ' ¦ .
Oakland, Ala meda and Berkeley associa
tions will extend greeting to visiting del
egates and ladies on Friday, April 25.
MEN .WHO WILL -BE PROMI
NENT -IN 'MASTER ¦ PLUMB
ERS' CONVENTION.
PARISHIONERS TO RAISE
FUNDS FORA NEW HOME
The adjustment of the apprenticeship
question, application of State \ and local
sanitary laws, and the regulation of
plumbing, the examination ;. of master
plumbers by properly constituted examin
ing boards under control of -.the Board' of
Health, the securing and maintaining of
trade discounts, and many other features
of peculiar importance are; to be acted
upon. : - , .- ~ ¦ .
The national convention takes place this
year, during June, in Atlantic City, N. J.
It is customary for the! various States to'
hold conventions just previous to the na
tional one, so that that body.-may be thor
oughly informed upon the requirements of
each locality throughout the -nation. ;
The Convention will legislate and con
sider measures of prime importance; the
best method of creating and; maintaining
harmony and friendly relationship be
tween employe and employer, and the
avoidance of strikes and lockouts.
THE fifth annual convention of the
Association of Master Plumbers
of California, which will- also be
the second anniversary .of r the
~/"\ consolidation of the Southern and
Northern jurisdictions in California
of the National Association : of Master
Plumbers of the United States, will be
called to order by State President James
E. Britt this morning at 10 o'clock, In Al
bion hall, Alcazar building, and will re
main in session for three daya.
The convention promises to be of im
portance. - State officers representing the
State associations of Montana, . Oregon,
"Washington and California .will be pres
ent to codify a constitution to govern a
proposed interstate and Pacific coast
league. It is believed that 6uch an organ
ization will greatly facilitate. the alms of,
the national body. Delegates representing
every section of California -will take part f
In the meetings. Most of these are now
here. V ¦'.-•¦ - .
Will ; last i much longer, if you I finish :¦ the
Bklrt'edge with S.'H.'&M.' bias velveteen."
Look'onthe back of every card for trade
• mark S. iH. & M.. ' ¦• - ' • ¦ ...,•¦•;
Your : Skirt* and Shoes
;.,The r second-hand' store v of ;J Abraham
Cohn, : SO; Jackson'streetf'was^ entered, by.
burglars sonie time between 8 o'clock: Sat
urday, morning and 5 o'clock in the after
noon,: and goods of the. value of $151 were
stolen. . Entrance had v been "¦ effected * by
forcing " open ; a , side . door< in the^ hallway.
The i police • were • notified yesterday , morn- 1
in&.' ¦¦-•¦¦.' : ¦'¦-'•.-•' "' :¦ -/: ¦ ¦¦ ~ ¦:¦ : . : ¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦
Entered by. Btirglars. .
¦; •- The new > chutes on Fulton street, oppo
site the Park Museum, are rapidly near
ing completion, and will, be thrown open
to the public on May Day. I The | theater
is . situated on ; a ', lot connected with , the
main grounds by a tunnel : under and a
bridge over Tenth | avenue. The . main
grounds are : six hundred feet long and
two hundred and sixty feet wide, and will
containr-the; zoo. chutes, scenic railway,
four -' thousand feet long.;, Ferris wheel,
museum.' miniature railway, electric foun
tain,: sealrocks, monkey house, and other
features. Colonel Danjel Boone, the well
known animal trainer, will be in charge of
the ; zoo. > and ' in i the a; theater. • a ; : strong
vaudeville 1 performance will be given ev
ery afternoon ' and, evening. ; Over a hun
dred ¦ arc ¦ and thousands of incandescent
lights will be required to illuminate the
chutes.' iThe • street-car'' approaches ¦ are
exceptionally.' good.; every ¦ line ; in the city
transferring , directly j there. '-•'¦ --:¦¦
;It is "standing room only" every night
at Fischer's Concert House, with the We
ber .& Fields burlesque,, "Fiddle , Dee
Dee*,' for the: bill. The people turned
away nightly would : make a ; reasonable
audience In themselves, and such has been
the case .with every : performance. 'The
piece is excellently performed, and new
features; are added nightly.
'"The Fortune Teller" is still going its
highly prosperous way at the Tivoli Opera
House. To-night the pretty opera enters
upon its third week, and without a hint
of any diminution of its ' popularity. 'It
is a bargain at the price. .The singing is
so good, the comedy work : so bright, the
costuming and setting , so effective •-and
smart, that At Is one of, the cheapest
things on the theatrical bargain counter.
"The Singing Girt'.' is in preparation, but
there seems little likelihood - of an early
presentation.
"A Child of Fortune" will be the bill up.
at the Central this week, and it has every
kind of . sensation but a street-car strike
on its: programme. It should serve to
amuse Central ; audiences right royally.
Next week , the new leading man, Earle
Brown, whose reputation as something of ;
a heart-breaker has usefully preceded
him, will make his first appearance at the
Central. :The bill will be "Slaves of the
Orient." v N ¦ i
The Alcazar Theater presents to-night
the amusing: adaptation from the German
by Sidney Rosenfeld, entitled "The Two
Escutcheons." The story concerns Itself
with a proud old German baron, with. two
or three yards 'of a genealogical tree, and
conscious of every letter of it, and a pork
packing American with an invisible
grandfather, who sports a 'scutcheon with
a stuck pig.- The baron .has a son, the
pork -packer has a daughter, the baron is
poor but proud, the American is rich and
proud, and so it goes. But it -all comes
right in the end. The Alcazar : people
should get plenty of fun out of the play.
*' . • •
The last -week of Melbourne MacDowell's
engagement begins to-night at the Grand
Opera House. Mr. MacDowell has been an
extremely popular attraction at the Mis
sion street theater, and the farewell week
of his stay is regretfully announced, by
his. managers. . Miss Stone has also. been
a source of considerable strength in the
productions, adding importantly to the "at
tractiveness of the engagement.
The last week is to be given over to the
Sardou repertoire, for to-night and Tues
day evening "The Empress . Theodora;"
"Fedora" on. Wednesday evening: "Gis
monda" at a special matinee on Thursday
afternoon, and , on Thursday evening:
"Cleopatra" on Friday and Saturday
evenings and ¦ Saturday matinee, and "La
Tosca" on Sunday afternoon and evening.
Edward Harrigan, in a season of . com
edy, will begin a four weeks' engagement
on Monday evening next, with "Sweet
Lavender
The opening of the Neill season to-night
at the California Theater will be quite an
important event in theatrical circles. The
popular company returns without a break
in Its personnel, and has taken unto itself
a few new 'members" since Its last year's
season. Their/ performances have won
for them an enviable reputation here, and
they stand for clean and conscientious
work, with now and again v «.omething very
much- above the average dramatic enter
tainment. • X "
The opening bill will be "Captain Lettar
blalr," before given here, but of>ufflcient
interest : to insure large. housesMor its
revival. Mr. Neill has the title rolevaud
is quite fascinating as the gallant Irish
man. Edythe Chapman, still the leading
lady of the company, has the principal'
feminine role, and the rest of the j Neill
coterie will be seen in effective support.
The names read like a list* of old frineds—
Julia Dean, the clever ingenue; Miss Lil
lian Andrews, character student;. John
Burton, Frank Me Vicars, Harold Bowles,
and Robert Morris.
Next week'a new play by Ople Reed,
."The Starbucks." a late Eastern success,"
will be put on. ¦ , ;
<.•¦,-¦•¦•¦• " • .
With t6-night begins the third and last
week of Mr. Willard's engagement at the
Columbia Theater. The week's pro
gramme will be given over to three pro
ductions, the Sothern version of "David
Garrick," that wiir be put on to-night,
Friday, and at the Saturday matinee;
"Tom Pinch" dramatized for Mr. Wil
lard from "Martin Chuzzlewit," on Tues
day, Wednesday and Thursday evenings;
and on Saturday night "The Professor's
Love Story." The famous English actor
is said to be particularly well suited in
the role of David Garrick, and as Dick
ens' quaint hero should be even more hap
pily cast. The Tom Pinch ' character,
with its gentle humility, sweetness and
true* manliness, is said to be among the
best work that Mr. Willard has done, and
the play will- doubtless be a very attract
ive bill. Next week come Maxine Elliott
and Nat, Goodwin in "When We Were
Twenty-one."
. The j bill at , the * Orpheum for this week
is one of the best that has been offered
at the . popular vaudeville house yfor
months. Every feature from the opening
of the programme to the conclusion is ex
ceptionally entertaining. The Pony Bal
let, a decided Eastern novelty composed
of -eight pretty damsels, who are airy in
manner and light of foot, is one of the
pleasing features of the show. " The Three
iVortons, father, mother and daughter, are
perhaps the best ail around dancing, mus
ical and off-hand fun makers that have
appeared at the Orpheum in some time.
At the opening of their sketch the elder
Nortons shine as a quaint old Irish cou
ple and,, assisted by their daughter, they
present a tinale that is particularly pleas
ing. .
Milton and Dolly Nobles, who have been
popular in this city for the last ten years,
are on the bill with a brand new one-act
comedy entitled ."Why Walker Reform
ed." It is a little skit which gives the
ability of the versatile couple full swing.
Knight Brothers, singing and talking
comedians, amuse with their original
gags. Petching Brothers, high-class mus
ical artists, direct ¦ from Europe, present
a novel stunt. With the aid of electricity
and clever memory, work, they bring su
perb music out of stage flowers. Their
"stunt" is entitled the "Musical Flowers."
Susie Fisher, the clever barytone singer,
won her share of applause. The Wilton
Brothers, triple horizontal bar experts, do
a marvelousiy clever mixture of comical
and serious horizontal bar work. , .
Playgoers.
Fischer's Theater Continues
¦ Crowded Nightly by
James Neill Will Open
To-Night at the
California. .
ORPHEUM'S BILL
GOOD AS USUAL
TO CELEBRATE
THE "PASSOVER"
Solemn Jewish Festival
. to Commence This
Evening.
Special Services Are to Be
Held in All the'Syna
gogues.
This evening the solemn festival of the
Passover will be celebrated | by the He
brew citizens of the city. Special services
will be held in all the synagogues.
"Passach," or "The Feast of Unleavened
Bread," commemorates the exodus of the
Jews from Egypt under the leadership of
Moses, who. according to tradition, deliv
ered the Jews from the bondage under
which they had served under the»Pha
roahs.
The festival lasts for seven days and Is
rigidly kept by orthodox Hebrews. Those
of the faith who cling to the traditions of
the race, abstain from all food for twen
ty-four hours preceding the commence
ment of the festival. The "sedar," or
"passover supper," is partaken of this
evening in the homes of all Jews, and the
ceremony includes the drinking of four
cups of wine, the eating of bitter herbs,
dipped in a sweet sauce, 1 called "haroseth"
and the singing of songs of praise known
as the "hallel."
"Matzos," or "unleavened bread, is
used during the Passover festival, and is
commemorative of the tradition that when
the Jews departed f rom < Egypt they had
no time to leaven the dough already In
the troughs.
The delivers' from Egyptian bondage is
supposed to have taken place 1200 years
before the birth of Christ, the present
year of the Jewish calendar being 5662.
The services in the synagogues this
evening will be devotional and to-morrow
morning sermons will be delivered to the
congregations by all the rabbis.
Among the strictly orthodox Jews, spe
cial household utensils are used during the
Passover week, rt being against the tenets
to make use of any articles that may have
touched leavened bread during the rest
of the year. .
The presentation of the harvest sheaf is
a feature of the festival and denotes the
thankful recognition of God's goodness in
the harvest season, while the sacrifice of
the "paschal lamb" commemorates the of
fering of the first of the flocks In similar
thankfulness.
Rabbi Isidor Meyers will preach to
morrow morning at the Bush-street syn
agogue, his subject being "The Survival
of the Fittest." " '
Rabbi Voorsanger will deliver a sermon
to-morrow morning at Temple Emanu-El,
his text being "From Generation to Gen
eration." ¦ '•- •:•¦ '
A special children's service will be held
in the Bush-street synagogue to-morrow
evening. . ¦=•¦'. ';'-•¦
PERSONAL.
Dr. B. M. Green of Oroville Is a guest
at the Lick. >
Dr. C. E. Hackley of Hartford, Conn., is
at the Palace.
M. P. Stein, a business man of Stockton,
is one of the guests at the California.
J. R. - Foster, a hotel proprietor of
Marysville, is registered at the- Russ.
¦ Wi . E. Sloan, a; merchant of; Eureka. Is
at the Grand, In company with, his wife.
J. E. "West, ¦ a hotel proprietor of Ag
hexv-, is making a brief stay at the Grand.
H. H. Roper, a prominent contractor of
Santa Ana, is staying at the Occidental.
M. Hochheimer, a merchant of Bakers
field, is registered at the California, with
his wife.
J. Marion Wlgmore, a lumber dealer of
Los Angeles, Is a recent arrival at the
California. -
"W." I>. Carter, a business man of Santa
Rosa, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his wife.
Proceedings Will ¦ <3omrrierice ;This ; Morning
and ¦ for STljree v|Days % ImportantjMatters
Will Be by A^ny: Delegates
MASTER PLUMBERS GATHER
FOR ANNUAL CONVENTION
SUFFERS DEATH
IN AWFUL FORM
Aged Italian Woman Is
Burned to a Cinder
at Her Home.
I Only Exit From Her Dwell
ing Out Off by the
Flames.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralris-
Druggists, 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.
Cut off from escape by a roaring fur
nace raging between two frame buildings
In the rear of a Broadway restaurant,
Mrs. Dana Obin, an aged Italian woman,
¦was burned to a cinder last night. One
brave lad, George Barham by name, stag
gered through the blinding smoke, and
managed to reach the sizzling body on
the porch, where it lay. while life was
still left In it. He grasped the woman by
tne arms, but the baked flesh tore away
in his hanus. He was blistered and half
suffocated with the blinding smoke, and
was reluctantly forced back down the
narrow stairway without rescuing the
doomed woman. Others tried to pass the
wall of flame and reach the writhing mass
which could be seen occasionally through
the blaze, but their efforts were in vain.
Policeman George Brown, who, with rare
good judgment, had turned in a second
alarm when the fire first broke out. made
a. determined effort to pass the flames and
reach the woman, but retired with burn
ed hands and smoke-tilled lungs. For
nearly an hour the body lay on the nar
row porch, almost under the feet of the
firemen, but long before it was removed
all signs of life had ceased.
Finally a blanket was secured and the
charred mass was taken to a little room
in the adjoining building, where it lay
until removed by the Morgue officials. It
was burned to an unrecognizable state.
The dead woman was 60 years of age and
the wife of a tamale peddler at the cor
ner of Sixth and Market streets. She
lived in a room in the rear of the Buono
Gusto restaurant, the only exits from
which were the stairways through the
restaurant building, both of which were
cut off by flames. Her husband did not
know of her death for several hours
after, end the grief of the old fellow as
he gazed at the blackened corpse at the
Morgue was pitiful.
The fire started in the kitchen of the
Buono Gusto restaurant, at 524 Broadway,
from a pan of burning grease, and speed
ily climbed up in the space between the
restaurant and the frame shack in the
rear, wnere Mrs. Obin lived. In the same
building was Mrs. Margaret Lane, but
her room was near the head of the stair
way and she managed to escape with the
assistance of some of the waiters in the
restaurant.
George Barham. the fifteen-rear-old
hero, who made such a. gallant effort to
rescue Mrs. Obin. was one of the first' to
reach the fire. He dashed up the stair
way and onto the blazing porch and man
aged to reach the body.
"When I first saw her." he said, "one of
her arms was rising and falling, and she
•was evidently making an effort to gain
her feet. Her clothing had all been
burned off and her flesh blackened by the
flames. 1 caught her by one arm, but the
hot flesh burned my hands and tore away
when I pulled. Then her hair caught fire,
and I was forced to go back down stairs
¦without her."
The brave little fellow once before dis
tinguished himself, about two years ago,
by stopping a runaway horse and saving
a. woman and child from probable injury.
He lives at Broadway and Vallejo street.
The damage by fire amounts to $3030,
partially covered by insurance. The
Buono Gusto restaurant suffered damage
to the extent of 51000. and tne Toscano Ho
tel, next door, was injured by fire and
¦wrater to an equal extent. The shacks in
the rear were gutted by the flames and
the loss on them will amount, to 51000. — '-j
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALL, MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1902.
Paper Carrier Badly / Injured.
Martin" Silk, carrier of a morning paper,
met with a serious ' accident " : yesterday
morning at the foot of Third street. Mar
tin was driving across the railroad cross
ing at Townsend street when his : wagon
tipped on striking, a steel rail and threw
him out In falling his head hit on the
rail and was badly cut. He was removed
to the Emergency -Hospital, where- Dr
James Murphy dressed his wounds.
There has been no competition for some
years for bagpipe music, and with the ob
ject of encouraging a ' friendly rivalry
among pipers in the playing of the Scot
tish national music a gentleman friend of
the club has donated a gold medal, valued
at 5200, to be awarded to the piper winning
the first prize for pibrochs and marches
three years in succession. This, it is ex
pected, will attract pipers, to the games
from all points on the coast and other
States. The committee having charge of
this competition is William Mitchell. Wil
liam Urquhart and D. D. McRae.
J. A. McLeod (chairman). J. A. McDonald,
D. A. Macdonald, Captain D. McKechnie, Al
lan McKinnon, J. P. Kennedy. John D. McGll
vray. J. B. Johnstone, Walter Rosle, Joseph
M. Cumming, R. Gratto. > George Davidson.
Daniel A. McDonald, J. 1 \V. Harris, James
Millar, John Reid, H. J. Mclsaae, Colin M.
Boyd, Andrew McNair. Walter Reed, Y. C
Lawson. Colonel Thomas McGregor, D. R. Me-
Neill. John McLaren and Captain J. G. Blair.
The Caledonian Club has made prepara
tions for the entertainment of the guests
at the annual • gathering . and - games' at
Shell Mound Park May 23, and has ap
pointed the following reception commit
tee:
the Best Piper at Annual
Games.
Valuable Gold Medal to Be Awarded
CALEDONIANS APPOINT
RECEPTION COMMITTEE
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLDBEaa. BOWEW * CO'B SPECIAL SAVI59 SALS
Gbl.DBER6
BQWEN
& CO
Country Orders
Carefully packed— quickly dispatched—
. estimates furnished
Monday Tnesday Wednesday
Fin nan ha d d i e
Backbone removed— -•;*.; 1,"^
reg'ly 20c lb J 5 C
G a n n e d f r u it
Alcalde-all but cherries
and berries— reg'ly 20c— % for COC
, zHbcan .
S w e e t co r n
Choice quality- f
reg'ly 10c can o Ior -*5 C
M u s h r o o m s
F Lecourt— small tender buttons— one%
reg'ly 25c can ot *
v P^re serve s
Fruit and sugar— nothing else — , «__
reg'ly 25c jar . , zoc
S t u f f e d oli v e s
Teyssonneau — olives with . o for c co
anchovies in oil- 2 Ior 55 C
reg'ly 30C-50C bottle 45 C
• G o c o a nut
. Schepps— shredded— *]U*^~~
reg'ly 30c lb ; 2 lbs 45c
S a r d in e s
French-ispa-reg'ly 12JC can IOC
Jeanne d'Arc " ,20c " 2 for 35c
G h u t n e y
Bombay— famous Indian pt30C
-'!.:«h— reg'ly 40c— 60c bottle . q 1 50C
:sides being headquarters for a
Eyeglasses is the largest H
Scientific Instruments, B
KODAKS, h
Photographic Suppliss. ¦
w 64 2 rrlARKEt St* V
,' "' "¦ '- • ' ¦¦¦'•••• ••
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTINC
Vv" -fl 32' or 38 Caliber, «3.75
IPattaI«T<\M SHREVE &. BARBER
il P V II I VP V Co - San Francisco.
S\. V T Vf 1 YWt Gum, Fishinc Tackla
. and Sporting Goods.
'¦'¦•¦ ¦ Send for Catalogue. "
U/. T/HESS,
K0TAKT PUBLIC AOTATT02NEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Main »S3.
Residence, S21 California St.. .below PowelL
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
aOLDBIBg. BO VIS k. CO'B BttClXI. &4TCI9 1A&1
fvi a c a r o ni
La Favorita— n C n -*~m
reg'ly i5c-i lb package 2 ror 2 5 C
C h e e s e
v reg'ly 22jc lb-/ ¦ ' 2 IDS 35 C
Club House— reg'ly 35c large jar 3°°
Ge rman L c n t ils
iPflS 25c
L u c c a o i 1
Sublime— reg'ly 60c quart bottle 50c
Mangoes
Pin money —^pepper — cucumber — . __
melon— burr— reg'ly 45c pint bottle 35 C
Whisky
GB&CoOK bourbon— 7 hat% *i
sweet mash— reg'ly $1 bot- 3 J 3
$4 gallon $3
Golden r i e s 1 i n g
Rich' fruity wine— **
reg'ly $4 doz quarts— *^
$5*2 doz pints $4
Cider
$3.25 doz quarts — $3«OO
B r andy
California— pure and good— r «»
reg'ly $1 bottle— 75 C
$4 gallon . $3
Tooth powder
Listerated— reg'ly 25c bottle 2OC
Ha m a m e 1 i 8
% pint 15c— pint 25c quart 40c
Pinaud-Brillantlne-reg'ly 30c bot 25c
" Eau de Quinine-8 oz bot 65c
Florida water M & L 45c
Illustrated catalogue free
432 Pln» 232 Sutter 2800 California
"~£~. San Francisco '
Thirteenth and Clay Streets. Oakland
JHS gjlV^B BT ai^^l^S
|®!ERCE'S"
|«e^ FAVORJTE
IRESCRIPTION
[ JH. FOR WEAK WOMEN.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
LACES, EMBROIDERIES,
SPECIAL SALE.
VALENCIENNES LACES.
This week we will place on sale a Yeru
large importation of FRENCH VALEN-
CIENNES LACES. -Thau come all widths,
with Insertings to match, and we have
fullu 350 different patterns.
Prices 25c to S3.OO piece.
EMBROIDERIES.
50,000 uards FINE WHITE EMBROID-
ERIES, in nainsook, -cambric and Swiss ;
These are in all widths, from h to \k
inches. Prices 5c to 50c yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
JOCO dozen UNLAUNDERED- and DEMI-
LAUNDERED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS,
toth embroidered and hemstitched,
I5c and 25c each.
We have also received an elegant line of
ECRU, CREAM and WHITE POINT VEN-
ICE GALOONS, CREAM and BLACK
ESCURIAL GALOONS, CREAM and BLACK
CHANTILLY GALOONS and ALL-OVER
NETS to match; also a great Yarietu FINE
WHITE LAWN TUCKINGS, with Valen-
ciennes Insertingsr suitable for ladies 1
waists,
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
forwarded free to any address.
""N. 111. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 FOST STREET.
T.H. CORCORAN <ft CO.
1201 VALENCIA, cor. 23d mU
Phone 3Mlfcs. 8.
Hotels, Summer Resorts, Campers and
Ranchers send us a list. We will give you
prices that will surprise you. We pack ana
chip everywhere.
CORN STARCH, makes nice pudding. Ik. 5c
Packed In one pound pkgs. 'iTT—'f,
PRUNES, the lOe Ik kind. 4 | bs 2 5c
Good cookers. Large black ones.
DATES, thereg. lOelb kind. ...... 4 lbs 25c
Don't overlook this. Good eating.
We cell nothing: but pure cane.
With every $2.00 worth of our good things
¦-,; eat you are entitled to 26 lbe. of Gran-
ulated £u?ar for $1.00.
BUTTER, Qm4. EwMt T»bl», per Kun...30c
This is a. second creamery. Quality good.
3 eg. limit. .
ECCS. tli« fincy kiod 2 dozen 35c
COFFEE, *»?» »a4 XmU. per U '.--25c
Rc-atted daily. Ground while you wait.
FLOUR, Bkde from ttleeted wheat. 50-lb ik 85C
Will make nice white bread. Reg. 90c.
SOAP, French Cutile, ltrgi \m ...:.25c
Virpin brand. Reg. 35c.
CATSUP. Bnifier'i. l»rg« bottle, per bottle 2OC
Ma«ic from selected ripe tomatoes.
H*-g. 23c
TAMALES, I X L, Boneless, per can |oc
Good quick meal. Reg. 12>4c can.
BEANS, Boston Bieed per can • 5c
Nice size. All ready for uee. Reg. 10c.
SOAP, Btryker'i Sand ....8 pakes 25c
Good for scouring and cleaning. Reg. 6c
cake.
. MACARONI, VERMICELLI, box \7V.c
Keceived daily from bakerj-. Hegr. 25c box.
OYSTERS, Baltimore pick, lOe sice, 2 earn |5c
Makes nice soup. 1 doz. limit
26 lbs aSfSj, $1°°
tSit^mm^SiaSf 0*2Zd0S^^mti@n& : S2^fflBB« H
JmJS^ by a standard wM
fiWffi Everything Is measured, whether it be F&^i^
rfi^u| something to eat, wear or to use. The
standard or shoes for women Is SOROS IS.
%khj$>? rSo one claims tnere ts ar| y better, but S^^§L
tyj _~/ some dealers offer for sale to unsuspect-
w-»^i Ing victims "the just as good" as SORO- "5f^3p*^
W/P&t sis > which Is indeed flattering to us.
iSv^J*^ But still, why not insist upon having the vv3|?
/%&m?j? Siz<? s 1 to P. Widths AAA to EE. V^^^
ffi^giC Sold exclusively in San Francisco. ftft Wij '.
vis i >3 mt 11 I, I LL M^bJw4 rv*}$z
fS^Si* | Second shoe store from Market. %?*^g
ADVERTISEMENTS.