VOLUME XCI— NO. 177.
FURTHER proof is presented to-day by The Call to shew that Warden Martin G. Aguirre of San
Quentin prison certified to forged bills of accounts, prepared by. convicts and foisted by the Warden
and his associates upon the the Board of. Examiners and the State
Comptroller, thereby obtaining goods by fraud and other felonious acts.
The records at San Quentin prison have, been falsified by convicts in order to cover up stealing of,
State supplies of foodstuffs, by Warden Aguirre, which have been enjoyed by Governor Henry T. Gage
and' other bosom friends of the Warden.
. ' As a sample of the vast amount of foodstuffs drawn by Aguirre from the commissary department of,
San, Quentin prison, The. Cull publishes to-day a list of supplies drawn by Aguirre in March last and the
cash values of the same: The items and figures were copied last week from the prison records. The docu
ments at San Quentin show on their face notations to charge the bulk of the supplies to other accounts.
I'H FURTHER PROOF OF CHARGES
STATE RECORDS PRESENT PR OOF THAT WARDEN M. G. AGUIRRE
PURCHASED FEMALE APPAREL WITH PUBLIC FUNDS AND
OBTAINED VAST SUPPLIES OF FOOD BY FORGERY AND FRAUD
Continued on Fag« Two.
Again The Call charges Warden
Agnirrc and his . intimates with having
'obbed the State and that Governor
Another sample of the work of for
gcr> r and fraud, hatched by the, leading
members of the corrupt ring and carried
cut by the aid of convicts, forced; by
their official guardians to commit
crimes, is explained herewith. - -
,y URTHER proof of the
ff gross frauds perpetrated by
g~l the ring 'of forgers that is in
M, control of the . finances of
San Quentin- Prison is pre
sented this morning by" The Call. . i ,
The expose of" the scandal that has
involved Warden M. G. Aguirre as one
of the arch plotters and Governor Gage
s? a beneficiary ha« treated dense in
dignation in every part of the State of
California. There is a general demand
from citizen* of a!! classes 'that an im
mediatf: and thorough investigation of
the records of San Quentin Prisori be
made by the Board of Prison Directors
and that the fair name of the common
wealth b< cleansed of the foul stain that
hss been put upon it by the punishment
of the guilty members of the San Quen
tin ring, no matter what position they
Aguirre has frequently entertained
Governor Gage and his family, in addi
tion to other friends^ It would be .a
sight for the gods if perchance the chief
executive • of ' the State/, retired to rest,
while, a guest of 'Aguirre, clad in a
charming robe de - riuit. , trimmed , with
lacc'arid'other Ceaainine knick-knacks.;
In the list of goods ordered was an
item of one dozen ladies' night gowns.
Warden .Aguirre is a single man and
garments of feminine wear do not figure
in prison supplies sent to . a Warden's
house.- 'Aguirre certainly did not wear
the .robes de nuit, and the question
naturally arises as to the identity of the
person? for. whom the dainty articles
were destined.
Buys Women's Gowns.
In' April of last year a verbal order, for
goods was given to the firm of Levi
Strauss & Co] by ladies related by mar
riage to Warden Aguirre. The goods
were duly fdrwarded to San Quentin
Prison and charged to the. penitentiary
account. -
Henry T. • Gage and his friends have
been the' beneficiaries of acts of'fraudsi
forgery/ obtaining, goods by false pre
tense's, misappropriation of public, funds
and malfeasance in office.. . '. •
Books of San Quentin Prison
Show Falsification.
Steal Food Supplies.
The systematic work of forgery ' and
The night gowns that were delivered
to -Warden Aguirre's house at Sari
Quentin were paid for with money "ob-^
tained by forgery and fraud; and the
records of the prison and at the Corhp-^
trollcr's office at Sacramento show; the
damning proof of- felony on the part of
Aguirre, the bosom 'friend of Governor
Gage: ' " . '¦'.',]. . ¦<¦ ¦'".':
With the certification of Aguirre and
Foley upon it, the forged bill was duly
ordered paid by State officials... When
a check was sent to Levi Strauss '&
Co.. in/ payment for: certain accounts/
Aguirre sent, the bill for goods, includ
ing night gowns, to be receipted for by
the firm. 7 ¦ . ;;.
A forged bill was prepared, certified
to as being correct by Warden Aguirre
and Commissary Foley. The item for
ni ght , gowns wa s changed to one ,• of
table cloths'* and ¦¦the 'bogus -document
was fpisted .upon the Board of Prison
Directors, the Board of Examiners and
the State Comptroller.
To secure payment with. public funds
for the night gowns, deliberate forgery
was . committed by j convicts, 911 the in
structions of their guardians. . . y
Aguirre knew that- these ; officials
would never. ? pass, a bill that included
"night gowns," so the brains and pens
of convict bookkeepers were' utilizedrin
order that the wearing apparel might be
paid for by the State. : , * ' '" ';':'.
Prepare Forged 'BIN.
The bill of goods rendered by Levi
Strauss & Co. on April 13 of last year
and charged to the "Sat/ Quentin" Prison
account was as follows:
Five dozen napkins, at 53 60.. $17 BO ;
Two .dozen doylies, at 85 cents......... 1.70
One dozen gowns .' 15 0D
$34 20
This bill was certified to as being cor
i rect by Commissary Francis Foley, the
purchase of the goods, however, being
hidden up in the commissary stock book
by the work of the convict bookkeepers.
An item of $2 for binding tape was
added to the amount of the bill and en
tered up as a total of $36 20.
The articles billed by Levi Strauss &
Co. on Aprili3, 1901, were entered on
the commissary books and charged to
the Warden's house under the heading
of "F. and F.," which means "furnish
ings and fixtures." :'.
The bill for goods, including ladies',
night gowns, was never sent to Sacra
mento to be passed upon by the Board
of Examiners or. the Comptroller.
;; /Acting ; Warden. J. A- Aguirre denied
that/any alteration had. been made ; in
the entries ; in the books and' said = that
he knew nothing about the rhatter/ He
refused to send for Commissary Foley
"or any of ) the .' convict ) bookkeepers to
explain;! the falsification^pf ..the* books.
At the, Very time' that Acting -Warden J.
A: Aguirre denied that the accounts had
becril tampered with, the pencil "copy? of
Less ; than eighteen ' hours after this
evidence^ of fraud was discovered bv
Call I representatives, the commissary's
monthly statement -was falsified. .The
item for "Warden's : house for, subsist
ence" was changed : from $.^07 i.v ; to
$107/ 13,. while the "prison mess" ac
count "was'; raised from 1 $3352 34 to
$3552 34-.. V ' ' ; - ': '". ' .
Felons. Are Alarmed.
: . . .When this evidence of fraud i was
pointed ou to Commissary-. Foley. and
his convict assistants," ,they : hastened to
explain; thatHhe whole matter was "an
error." ; For. committing such' "errors"
there are dozen of >felons in Saa' Quen
tin Prison to:day.
On the segregation sheet for the
prison 'mess the following notation ap
peared: .
"Add $200 from W. . H." ¦ \.
The initials*"W. H. J> - represent "War
den's house." _'.'¦
"On the segregation sheet for the
Warden's supplies, the following nota
tion was written in by a convict book
keeper: '
, ¦ "Charge $200 jj to' prison mess and
credit Warden's house." .-¦ , .
Books Are Falsified.
\A sample of this work was discovered
by Call representatives last week in-ex
amining the records for March of this
year. The \ 'rough segregation sheets
arid the • commissary's ¦ monthly states
ment book showed that Aguinre. had
drawn food supplies in March amount
ing to $307.13. The segregation sheets
and the statement book disclosed that
the prison mess was charged with food
supplies' amounting to $3352 24.
The entries on the day requisition
book are first tabulated in pencil by the
convicts on s ;reg. '.'.on sheets and the
amounts carried out. These sheets
show the amount of food supplies drawn
by each department. Acting on in
structions, the convict bookkeepers, in
copying the segregation sheets in ink,
reduced the total charged against the
Warden's house and increased other ac
counts. : '.'. ; ".,.-"¦
was discovered by an, investigation by
representatives of The Call. •.-¦-. '
"v-Tlie | manner ,- in which \ the . convict"
bookkeepers ' falsi fied the records of the
commissary department and /charged the
overdrawing of. supplies by ; the Warden
; Where the supplies went _to j might be
explained by; a < search | of certain ; books
of expressmen in ' Marin County. - Even
if ' Aguirre' had ..entertained ':a V dozen
friends '{daily;':- the': quantities T of {"supplies'
drawn by- him, : could not : have? been
used: up'.' V; ;¦¦'. ;. '¦_ \ ¦ .' '. •¦'/. / ¦'-'¦ '% ;
1 Aguirre; has not'followed the.
rules in the matter of requisitions for his"
own I ¦ house. : : Supplies have been . sent
from the commissary to Aguirre's house
on verbal ' orders. 4 The convict- book
keepers; in the commissary." department
have' made entries in the day book pur
porting to.be of foodstuffs con
sumed .daily- ; in. Aguirre's. home.! Al
though the entries charged against the
Warden are. far j less than the- amounts
he received,' they^ represent enough.sup
plies daily^for'a large family and'in some
cases ; supplies were drawn sufficient to
feed' the' guests of a; large, hotel.
Prison Rules Broken.
'These requisitions, when filled out, are
sent to the Warden's office,' There they
are copied .by .a 'convict', into a : book
called the "day. requisition book." '.The
book; is ; taken 'to the commissary ,de- ;
partment .and the articles and.subsist
ence called ! for are issued arid " charged
against the various departments. * >
"¦'¦ The rules governing the issue of sup-'
plies at San Quentin Prison require that
the commissary shall issue all articles on
receipt of a requisition from various de
partments. ,
The, allowance of $100 per month for
the Warden's subsistence has been ex
ceeded twice and three times over. The
convict bookkeepers have been instruct
ed to falsify the prison records as to the
Warden's subsistence accounts. The
excess of his subsistence allowance has
been charged to the prisoners' mess.
Time and time again; Warden Aguirre
and Governor Gage have, dined sumptu
ously at ) San . Quentin arid the dainties
set "before them have been stolen from
the State The .cloths' on- the- tables
were obtained by forgery and fraud and
even the: napkins on which they, wiped
their hands -were, secured by felony. ; ;..
fraud by the San Quentin ring was not
confined alone to obtaining articles for
household or personal use. Well know
ing that the State allowed him the sum
of $ioo -per month for supplies ..and
subsistence, Warden Aguirre has enter
tained Governor Gage : and his friends
and'regaled them with bounteous feasts
of food and liquors.- ,
The "day requisition book" of the
commissary department at San Quentin
Prison shows that in ' the month of
March of. the present year the following
supplies were drawn for the Warden's
house, the figures before the various
items representing the. quantities of
pounds, pints^or similar amounts:
. ' 3 bottles raurfhroomt.
2 bottles oyster sauce. .¦*
- ; 4 manila paper!
: • - 6^ toilet paper.. -
Disclosed by Books.
'The books and records relating to
San Quentin Prison disclose that War
den Aguirre. in entertaining Governor
Gage and his friends, has drawn, an
enormous amount of food supplies from
the State. What he actually drew and
what he certified to is shown by the fol
lowing table of figures:
Commls- Aguirre's
i sary Report to
MONTHS. • Ledger. Directors.
—1901.
July .5225 32 * $101 47
August...:. 210 25 98 33
September 213 57. 99 S3
October... '.'. 226 38 100 30
November 233 57 99 79
December ........; 196 25 98 20
: ... —1902.
January i. 2S7 58 100 95
February 212 69 ' 100 96
March ..........: 311 79 11179
the segregation sheets for March' bear
ing the true amounts, was in his pos
session.
9th — Item ia charged of $4 67 for this das
(Sunday), when commissary's stora
was closed and there ta no entry oo
books for that clay.
10th— 2 rolls butter.
6 cans corn.
1 bo t. sweet trickles.
. 1 sack flour. .
5 R. B. powders.
2 rolls butter.
10 cl. soap.
12 cakes earcUa.
11th— 10 beef.
2 rolls batter.
1 ham.
12th — 1 doz. tsga.
*
X TiM. m.
. X SiQ5* DACOZ1*
• x ** t; Qua. „ j"U."^»
1 bunch bananas.
% doz. pt. brushes (7. A T.)
19th — 2 rolls butter.
1 doz. towels.
2 chocolate.
3 bots. mushrooms.
. 2 rolls butter.
10 cL *oap.
12 sa polio. >
1 box clothes ptes <F. & F.)
' 12 sapolio.
'22nd — S rolls butter.
WARDEN AGUIRRE In March last drew 81 dozen e££s from the State supplies and 50 rolls of butter, averaging two pounds to a
roll, or 100 pounds of butter, during the month. Aguirre is a single man and his household is very small. What has Aguirre,
the bosom friend of Governor Gage, done with 81 dozen eggs and 100 pounds of butter drawn from the State supplies at San
Quentin prison in one month? ; f 0~£
GENUINE BILL FOR WOMEN'S APPAREL AND FORGED DOCUMENT FOISTED BY AGUIRRE ON THE STATE.
PRICE FIVE J3EOTS*
SAN FRANCISCO, . MOND A Y^ -MAY -26, 1902.
The San Francisco Call.CARDINAL GIBBONS PAYS A GLOWING
TRIBUTE TO GENIUS OF ROCHAMBEAU
HEAD PP. THE FRENCH MISSION
". TO THE UNVEILING OP THE
ROCHAMBEAU MONUMENT.
Continued Front Page One.
STATE RECORDS PRESENTS
While fully conceding the grave responsibil
ity assumed by a subordinate officer in will
fully disobeying an order of his commanding
officer, etlll .the' weighty reasons related, with
which Lieutenant Day was acquainted, so
tainted Major Waller's order that Lieutenant
I Day should have been prompted to positive dis
obedience. An officer must be conscientiously
regardful of the unquestioned legality of his
agency In taking the lives ofhia fellowmen.
Above . and beyond all personal consideration,
officers must guard the name and honor of the
country. Had Lieutenant Day been actuated
by such considerations he would probably have
prevented one of the most regrettable incidents
in the annals of the military service of the
United States. • ' ;
The accused knew . that for three weeki
Waller had undergone a test of his mental and
physical endurance such as few men are called
upon to suffer. .
Giving heed ; to the mental attitude of Major
Waller, as much of the findings of the court
as are to the effect that Major Waller Is not
guilty of murder are approved. But the re
viewing- authority is . at a loss to understand
why the court did not find against Major
Waller In the minor offense. With the excep
tion noted, the acquittal, aa it appears in the
record of the proceedings, is disapproved.
Referring to the case ot Lieutenant Day,
the reviewing authority says:
The marines in Samar underwent (Treat suf
fering before their rescue and their officers on
their sick beds voiced the revengeful anger of
the men who telephoned to Major Waller, ad
vising that the stevedores be killed. Major
Waller received this message while he was
sick from a fever, suffering: acute pain of body
due to exposure and his exertions in behalf of
his men, and mental anguish concerning their
fate, which had long been in doubt. Major
Waller was at the time In teleshonic com
munication with General Smith, who com
manded the American forces in. Samar, but he
deliberately chose not to consult General Smith
regarding his contemplated action, and, rather
than forego the execution of his unrestrained
will, he assumed the jfower the . laws of war
and the' customs of the service confer upon
commanding officers only In time of war.
The sending of tlie natives In Question to
their deaths partdofe more ot unlawful retalia
tion than a "justifiable act of war.' In justica
to the American military service the findings
ot acquittal demand that they shall not meet
with unqualified approval.
MANILLA, May 25.— The official findings
of the court-martial that / tried Major* JL.
W. T.- Waller and 1/tetitenant John A.
"Day of ¦ the marine corps for executing
¦ natives '. on the island 1 of Samar without
1 trial have' been made public. The re
i.viewing , authority of the court. Major
I General Chaffee, commander- in chief of
ithe American forces in the- Philippines,
bas . expressed its disapproval of the
court's findings in both cases. Referring
to the case of Major "Waiier, the review-
Ing authority says:
Opinion of Court-Martial Is Sustained
-¦ Only to the Extent That the .
Officers Are round Hot
. Guilty of Murder.
Their Acquittal on Even the
. Minor Charges Caus9S ,•¦:.:•
Surprise.
Waller and Day Are Cen
sured by. General
Chaffee.
DISAPPROVES
FINDINGS OF
ARMY COURT
COACHMAB" FALLS HEIR
TO A LARGE FORTUNE
An Aged Aunt Pies in California,
Leaving Him Pifty Thou
sand Dollars.
NEW YORK, May 23.— John O'Brien,
coachman for former Chief of Police and
afterward Deputy Commissioner W. S.
Devery, received word this morning that
by the death of an aged aunt in Califor
nia he falls fffeir to $50,000. O'Brien star ts
for San Francisco Tuesday morning when
a new man will take hi3 place as coach
man for the former autocrat of the New
York police force. v . - ?
Storm Isolates a District.
MACLEOD, Alberta, May 25.— The dis
astrous results of the five days' storm,
just over, have completely isolated this
district from the rest of the world. The
country has been flooded, rivers and
smaller streams are swollen to impassably
proportions and railroad and highway
bridges have been swept away. Traffic la
completely tied up on the Crows Nest
Pass Railroad to the Fernie mines. The
Dominion Government bridge across the
Old Man River and also the . railroad
bridge have been carried away. Other
bridges carried out are the traffic bridges
across the Belly and the Old Man rivers
at Willow Creek. The destruction to live
stock on the ranges is enormous.
To the East in a Tourist Sleeper. . .
) Personally, conducted excurslorts to Kansas
City and ! Chicago leave San ' ; Francisco , j evfcry
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at S p. m.via
the Santa Fe. Cars used are the wide-vestl-.
buled improved Pullman tourist sleepers of the
very; latest pattern. If you Are contemplating
k trip East, you Bhould first call upon or write
to the ticket agertt or the Santa *>, 641 Market'
¦treet. San Francisco, for illustrated pamphlets
and 'full particulars. ¦ ¦-.:,"/,-" :•¦>¦ •
i BELGARDE, May 25.— The trial at the
frontier town of Shabatz of the men'
who^were implicated' in -the revolution
started. last March' by Alavantlcs, an al
leged v relative : 6f Prince Karageorge
vitch, 'the pretender to the throne, in
which Alyantics was. killed, and his a3-^
herents were arrested, has resulted In
the sentencing 6f one 6t the apprehend
ed revolutionists to ' fifteen years' Impris-'
oriment, another to; fives years and j two
others to -three years" imprisonment each.
The chief of the brigade at Shataa, who'
Joined Alvantics, was sentenced to seven!
years, while the firemen themselves who
took part in the revolutionary movement
.were sentenced to five years each.
Revolutionists Are Sent to Prison. I
Shoots His Sister-in-Law.
CHICAGO, May 25.— Nels Johnson, a
North Side politician, to-night shot 8nd
fatally wounded Mrs. C. J. Gullackson,
hU sister-in-law^ whom, he asserted, was
the cause of him and his wife separat
ing, and then ¦ committed suicide- by
shooting himself in the head. Last week
Johnson's home was sold by the Sheriff,
and^lrs. Johnson went to live with her
sistfr. Johnson was' intoxicated when
the shooting occurred. •
.COPENHAGEN,- May , 25.-President
Loubet, who left Cronetadt on May 23 for
France on the French cruiser Mohtcalrl,
landed here to-day after a favorable and
rapid voyage through the '• Baltic. As the
Montcalm drew too much water to allow
her to approach Copenhagen, President
Loubet was transferred to the torpedo
boat destroyer Cassini, which ¦ accompa
nied the Montcalm. The Cassini- Was. the
recipient ¦ of thunderous salutes from the
forts upon her arrival in the roadstead
here, — ¦ • , , .
- King Christian, the" Danish Crown
Prince and other members of the , royal
family embarked' on a launch and, Were
taken to the Cassini, where the King was
greeted by the President of France. Klriff
Christian wore the uniform of the com
mander in chief of the Danish army. The
King and the President then came ashore
in the royal 'launch and were driven amid
the cheers of the people to the Amien
bourg castle; where luncheon was served
to the'royal family and the French: visit
ors. . Complimentary toasts were v~ ex
changed between the King and the Presi
dent. _ Later TCing Christian and M. Lou-
ST. PETERSBURG; May 25.— It is re
ported here that President Ldubet had
a very narrow escape last Tuesday on the
arrival of the Montcalm. He was going
ashore in *a pinnace, when, on account of
an unexpected movement of the warship,
the boat was in danger' of being cut. in
two. A prompt order to go full- speed
astern alone saved the President from a
catastrophe. / • v •
Publishing Company.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. 1902. by the Herald
Danes Give Warm Wel
\ com© to the French
. WOLCOTT, Colo., May 25.— As a result
of a shooting on the ranch of Mrs. B. E.
Kuhn, John Quinn is dead and Dan
Fields, a son-in-law of Mrs. Kuhn, is un
der arrest. Quinn was working on the
ranch and had a reputation ¦ as a bad
character. He and Fields . had a quarrel
and the lattered ordered Quinn to leave
the place/ Instead of doing so Quinn se
cured a shotgun and fired at FieldsJ
Fields seized a rifle and shot Quinn three
times, killing him instantly. Fields gave
himself up. He says he shot in self-de
fense.
Defense.
Slayer Gives ; Himself Up and
Says He Fired, in Self-
3UAREEI ON A RANCH
ENDS IN FATAL SHOOTING
CHICAGO. May 25.— A millionaires' col
ony with "William K. Vanderbilt Jr. at its
head ls to be established at Bayslde, Long j
Island, on the shore of Success Lake."
Property aggregating more than 650 acres
has been purchased for Vanderbilt and
three friends who are laying out the'
grounds in terraces and gardens.
Lake Success Ib the finest body of water
or. Long: Island. It lies in the hollow of
three hills between the villages of Little
Neck and Great. Neck.
Purchases Six Hundred and Fifty
Acres of L»nd on Success ¦
Lake.
VANDEBBIXT ,10 STAB-T
x ' A MILLIONAIRE^' COLONY
bet together drove about Copenhagen and
then returned to the harbor. The visitors,
accompanied by the King and the Danish
Princes, were conveyed to the Cassini,
where the farewells were said. J' x
Amid salutes and cheers from the peo
ple the Cassini left here at 4:30 o'clock.
KING CHRISTIAN
GREETS LOUBET
Without detracting from the merits of his
brothers in arms, I can affirm that Rocham-'
beau was the flower of the' French allied army.
Mature in^'years,. experienced in military cam-,
palgns, a veteran of the Seven Years' .War.
calm, deliberate, self-poised, he was a. man '
according to Washington's own heart — the gen
eral on whose couns ->I and prudence he could
rely ' more than on that of any other com
mander. 1
WASHINGTON, May 25. — The
members of the French mis
sion which came to Wash
ington to attend the cere
monies incident' to the Un
veiling of the Rochambeau statue finish
ed their visit to-day and left the city to- J
night for Niagara Falls on their tour of
the East before returning home. There
were no formal functions on the pro
gramme for ¦ to-day, but ' the visitors
found every minute of their time occu
pied in attending divine service, return
ing numerous calls, official and other
wise, and in drives about the city and
suburbs.
Embassador Cambrn accompanied the
members of the mission to St. PatrlcR's
Church at 10 o'clock" in the morning,
where low mass was said by Rev. Dr.
Mangien of Baltimore, Right Rev. Mgr.
Rooker of the apostolic delegation and
other priests assisting. The visitors wore
the full uniform of their rank.
Cardinal Gibbons. preached a short ser
mon. Of Rochambeau he said, in part:
RIDE WITH THE PRESIDENT.
. The weather was very warm. during the
afternoon, and some of the visitors, pre
ferred to ; rest, while others made calls
or took rldc3 about the city and suburbs.
. . T'lT ' ¦ ¦ ¦. ' " ' . ¦ •
• ' • • May the friendship ¦ existing be
tween France and America — a friendship co
eval with our history as a nation, a friend
ship to which we owe our existence as an in
dependent sovereign power — may. this historic
friendship be perpetual. - May it be strength
ened and ¦ consolidated by the iron bonds of
commerce and by the golden links of brotherly,
love. May the j two great republics of the
world go hand in hand in the march of lib
erty and nrosreca and civilization. And may
the monument erected to Rochambeau in the
capital of the nation ever remind 'the- American
who will contemplate It of the ever
laatinz debt of eratitude which the United
States owes to France. .,..-.*-
When the American troops under Washing-,
ton and the French forces under Roehambefeu
were on the march to Yorktown Washington
grallantly proposed -to give the post of dis
tinction to the French army. . Rochambeau
gracefully declined the honor, and In doing
so he followed the Impulses of his own heart
as well -as the general instructions- he re
ceived from his Government, that he should
always subordinate himself to the American
commander in chief. . ' . r
The army of Cornwallls was surrounded on
land by the French and American troops and
was prevented escaplner to sea by the fleet of
Admiral de Grasse; which guarded the Chesa
peake, and thus the defeat of the English
commander was inevitable, and he surrendered
his sword to Washington. The capitulation of
Cornwallls was the most decisive event of the
American revolution. ST
WEALTHY CHICAGOAN
SHOT IN HIS OWN HOME
Claims That He Was Wounded by
Burglars Who Broke Into His
Room.
CHICAGO, May 25.— Daniel Hill, a
wealthy real estate owner and partner in
the firm of the George H. Philips Com
pany on the Chicago Board of Trade, was
chot and seriously wounded early to
day as he lay in bed at his residence.
Bix shots were fired, three taking effect,
one behind the left ear, one entering the
nose and the other shattering his right
arm. Considerable mystery surrounds
the shooting. According to Mrs. Hill she
and her husband were asleep when Hill
was awakened by the forcing of a lock
on the bedroom door. He reached for his
revolver, but before he could use It three
men rushed into the room and fired at
him The first shot awoke Mrs. Hill, and
she rushed to the window and shouted
for help, but the supposed burglars made
their escape.
ANNAPOLIS. Md., May 2o.-The Amer
ican escort to the Gatilols weighed anchor
early . this morning and proceeded down
the .bay to the Virginia capes, where
they will. await the arrival of the visiting
man. of war. The Gaulois did not leave
her.' anchorage until several hours after
the departure of the American ships. Ad
miral Hlgginson's squadron, the Olyiiipia,
Kearsarge and Alabama, will escort the
Gaulois to New. York and Boston and re
main in attendance upon the visiting bat
tleship until the Rochambeau commis
sion takes its departure for home.
CAPE HENRY. Va!, May 25.— The
French battleship Gaulois passed out to
sea at. 4:20 o'clock this afternoon. . ¦
Battleship to New York.
American Vessels Will Escort French
GATJLOIS PUTS TO SEA.
The party left Washington at half-past
7 o'clock to-night for Niagara Falls via
the Pennsylvania Railroad. Those going
included all the members of the mission,
Embassador and Mme. Cambon and the
members of the staff . of the French em
bassy and the President's commission. ¦
-. ¦ .¦:.¦ -S .
Several of the party, including the
Count and Countess de Rochambeau and
the Count de Lafayette, visited Arling?
ton Cemetery and Fort Myer. They were
escorted through the grounds by Captain
Lewis of the Second Cavalry.
An unexpected feature of the afternoon
aid . one that pleased the vlsotors very
much was the invitation from President
Roosevelt to accompany him and sev
eral others on a horseback ride. The en
tire party assembled in front of the
White House at 4 o'clock, the visitors in
their uniforms making a very pretty pic
ture. A photograph of the group was
. takent while -there. - The President- guided
..the- party through the ncrthern section
.of-, the city ; iuntil they reached the Zo
ological Park. .- : . . .
While in the . park . a storm began to
„ gather, and the party came home at a
lively canter. The rain overtook- them,
. however, and before • reaching their stop
'plng place the entire party was drench
ed. Those on horseback were President
Roosevelt, his son Theodore and daugh
ter Alice, Secretary Root and j Senator
. Ledge and the following members of the
Rochambeau mission: General Brugere,
Vice Admiral Fournier, General Chalen
dar and Captain Lasson. .- ¦
During the recent visit of Prince Henry
of . Prussia to Washington he was the
guest of the President on a horseback
ride. On . that, occasion also a heavy
rainstorm overtook them and they got
a sfevcre wetting.
I have had a satisfactory .interview
•with Lord Kitchener and Lord" Milner. I
do not think another New Zealand con
tingent is necessary."
As confirming the probability that peace
is not distant, the Right Hon. R. J. Sed
don, the Premier of New Zealand, who
is now visiting here, has sent a cablegram
home in which he salfl:
Commandant Beyers, a few months ago
an active combatant, is now president of
another miniature commonwealth in the
extreme northern portion of the Trans
vaal. He nei-er consented to enter into
the present negotiations.
PRETORIA, May 25.— The Boer deputa
tion Is etill here and the conferences at
Vereening continue. Nothing definite
as to the result is known, but it is
believed the negotiations are proceeding
favorably. At the. celebration of Victoria
day yesterday, a large crowd gathered
in the square here, expecting to hear a
proclamation of peace. There were no
disturbances.
A new feature of the South African sit
uation has been added by the establish
ing of separate republics remote from
Pretoria. Piet de Villiars has been elect
ed president of the republic, of Sange
berg. west of Vryburg. partly on Eng
lish and partly on German territory. All
of the usual officeholders have been ap
pointed.
LONDON. May 25.-Wh!Ie it is asserted 1
in optimistic circles that peacg_ will be '
arranged within -forty-eSght^houry it is i
more probable tEat a week or ten days-j
v.-m elapse before definite arrangemenla j
are made. It is learned front a trust- j
worthy source that there was a division !
of opinion in the- Cabinet respecting the J
answer . as to what was required when j
General Kitchener and Lord Milner tele- j
graphed the suggestions offered by .the :
Boer leaders. It was not a serious con- j
flict, but a natural difference of views' be- |
twten the more ea£y going members of |
the Cabinet and Chamberlain himself, j
who is more suspicious, and a more prac- j
cal man of business than his colleagues j
Some political gossips persist ki assert
ing that Chamberlain Inreatened- to re- j
Bign his office if certain precautions were i
neglected. This is hardly Credible, ta |
Chamberlain would hardly risk this un- 1
popularity by bringing on a political crisis i
a few weeks before the coronation: and,
moreover, his personal ascendency in the
Cabinet -is too marked to warrant the be
lief that serious resistance was offered I
to his will, it is probable the proposals !
of the Boer leaders related to the imme- i
diate release of prisoners and complete j
end unreserved amnesty for the Cape reb- j
els and that Chamberiain was less flexi- !
ble and indulgent than some of his col- I
leagues, who knew how anxious the Kins I
was to have peace concluded before the
coronation. Another Cabinet meeting is
expected to occur early next week.
Sj>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
Meetings of railroad men to discuss the
advisability of refusing to handle non
union and- bituminous coal I during the
progress of the miners' strike were held
in Wllkesbarre, Kingston and Ashley this
afternoon. .
The WilkeEbarre meeting: was more
largely attended than the one [ Friday
evening. It was stated that no action had
been taken. The meeting at Kingston
agreed to take the matter up next week.
The Ashley meeting indorsed the -miners'
strike and will render financial aid. The
railroad brotherhoods with headquarters
In this city, will alpo give financial as
sistance, but It is .said will not resort to
a sympathetic strike.
The strikers here are inclined to look
with favor on the action of the mine
workers' conference at Huntington "W
Va.. In ordering a strike of the miners
in Virginia and West Virginia. They
think. It will hasten the crisis in the an
thracite region. . .
Secretary Mullah of the Stationary Fire
men's Union reported to-day that the poll
o£ the men employed at the various col
lieries has just been completed, and that
over 90 per cent of the men will quit work
on June 2 unless an eight-hour day is
granted them. Another officer of the
union, says the percentage of engineers
who will quit work will not be nearly as
large. The percentage of the pumpmen
who will come out is not known If the
local operators are to be believed it will
be small.
FIREMEN READY TO QUIT.
.iA^L 1 ls bein S made Dv each side, and
that of the operators will be completed
TueBday. By that time they will know
how many men they may rely upon to
work at the fires, engines and pumps after
a week from Tuesday. •¦ » :
_This was the quietest Sunday in the
AVyoming region since the strike began
The offices of the coal companies were
deserted, and at strike headquarters no
one was: on. duty. -.- _ _.
circular sent v out yesterday by
President Mitchell warning the Polish,
Slavish and Llthuian miners to remain
away from the bituminous region of Vir
ginia and West Virginia, where strikes
are now in progress, was read in many
of the churches. Some of the clergy
urged the strikers to be lawabiding and
be guided by their, leaders so long as
the leaders were -faithful to the trust
reposed in them.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 25— The
losses during tlie.nrst two weeks of the
strike in the anthracite coal region are
as follows:.
Miners in wages 82,591,000
Operators in price of coal 5 »o» 000
To unemployed, exclusive of strikers.. Wfo'oOO
Estimated depreciation in business in
the anthracite region 1,500,000
Loss in number of tons of coal un
w'ned 4i ... 250.000
*u Thl ?i wm he a buSv week for the an
thraeite coal strikers. They must Induce
the engineers and pumpmen to strike with
the firemen on June 2. They must also
induce the railroads to give them what
morefl aid they may, and they must stop
the mine at Bernice. where the only an
thracite coal in the region is now beinsr
produced. .
MILLIONS LOST BY STKIKE.
NEW YORK. May' 25.— Anthracite " coal
may be mined! with bayonets. This will
surely follow. any, interference, with the
plans of , the operators who propose' to
conduct, their- affairs in their, own way.
At the' first indication' of serious violence.
In the ianthracite coal' fields, the o'perators
will demand the protection of the. militia
and reopen the mines. This announce
ment has" /UeeiT ifiaSe" By" a fiftaHCIar dOti
•cera_clpseiy affiliated with the operators
and fully conversant with the 'situation
from the operators', point of view. None
of the operators who could be reached to
day would admit that this plan had been
agreed upon, but all declare • that the
strike would be of short duration.' They
couple this prediction with a reiteration
of the assertion that the operators w6uld
make no concessions. It has become
"known that tlie operators never believed
that there was to be a strike until after
it had been actually declared. Their con
fidence that trouble would be avoided was
based upon the belief that John Mitchell
would protect Iheir interests. There will
be no Violence at the mines until the order
calling out the engineers and pump men
who are now preventing the mines from
Being flooded goes into effect on June 2
It is anticipated that the strikers will
then do their utmost to prevent the places
of these men from being tilled with non
union men and that trouble will follow.
Presidents of the coal carrying railroads
are telling their friends that there is no
cause for alarm and that the strike was
inevitable since the settlement in 1900.
The operators feel that if they had not
been coerced by the exigencies of politics
they would have administered a defeat to
the strikers that would have settled the
difficulty at least for years -
Objecls to Making Generous
Concessions to Foes
of Britain.
Patriots Add a Teature to \ thi
Situation by Establishing Two. _
New South African
Republics. * ,
Engineers! 'and Pump" Men Wild' Ai'e
•Sttll at- Work Are' Expected i j> •;'¦
; , , to Walk Out Next- / v •
t . . . • ' Monday... '¦'. ; : . '¦
Trouble J s Feared When At
tempt Is, jyTade to Fill
. .Strikers' Pi aces.
Operators Declare That
They Will: Make No
&£ . Concessions. V
Chamberlain Is at Outs
With Other Cabinet
. Member's..
MILITIA MAY
BE ASKED TO
GUARD MINES
DIFFERENCES
DELAY PEACE
NEGOTIATIONS
May 25.— There are more hon
ors'in store for the United States. The
Kaiser has issued [orders' that a. speclaL
naval attache be placed at the diisposi-1
tion of Admiral O'Nell, who is to be pres-j
,?ntBs a delegate . to ',. the .'; International
ShlD Building Technical Society Conven
tion^ be" held at Dusseiao'rf in June. :
Admiral O'Neil is to be shown air the
Leading shipbuilding; yards and ''arsenals!
of 'Germany as a special mark of cour
tesy, t also . learn that the Kaiser Is
preparing to give the. trio of United States
; generals : -y invited;', to,, the fair military
maneuvers a most memorable reception;
Indeed, the United States ,wlll J have little
respite jj from attentions as thie 1 outcome
Of Prince Henry^s .visit. The question now
is whether '.the Kaiser ?. himself or the
Crown Prince Will attend the- unveiling
of th6 j statue of , ; Frederick '.-, the : Great at
Washington. The zeal of the powers that
be ; af e somewhat dampened, however, by
reports ; from Washington that r the Cabi
net has : decided ;to place' the statue on
the 1 eite Z of the arsenal/ • near^ the'
neww&r school, where it would be some
what out of the course of observation am*
hidden ¦. away. There ;.is no effort to dis
guise the . fact ; that the Frederick the
Great statue is! to offset the unveiling of
the -Rochambeau monument.^ It is also to
serve as an excuse for. the' Kaiser td take
a trip across the ocean unless unforeseen
aff airs; intervene., • - ,--.,..
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
' Herald. Copyrleht. 1&02, by the Herald
Publishing Company. . ; -
Shows Appreciation of
i [1. the Attention Paid
- Prince Henry.
' '. 2 doz. eggs.
6. toilet paper.
i . 6 can corn.
'. 2 bluing. 1
10 beef.
1 2 . doz. eggs. , ' ¦
1 ham.
24th — 10 cube sugar.
6 packages gelatine. j\
4 sacks matches.
10 caatile soap.
2 rolls butter. , ' ¦ : ,
2 doz. eggs.
25th— 10 beef. ~ ? '.
2 rolls butter. )
3 doz. egrss.
. 2 doz. eggs.
26th— G packs toilet paper.
2 chocolate. !/•*. :
2 doz. eggs. V %
2 rolls butter.
6 cans tomatoes.
.6 packages germea.
¦ 5 walnuts. , ¦
• 5 almonds. •":¦:• , .'
6 celatine. ' ~,
27th— 10 beef. . ¦ .
5 doz. eggs.
2 rolls butter.
6_bots. Wor. sauce. •, "!/¦'".
6'bots. tomato sauce.
5 pudding sugar.
2 rolls butter, table.
/ 5 doz. eggs.
, 2Sth— 4 packs, matches.
1 sack flour.
12 sapolio.
.1 roll butter.
3 bottles mushrooms.
. 1 bottle sweet pickles. ¦
4 doz. eggs. »
29th — !S doz. eggs. .• \
1 doz. tomatoes.'
1 gal. maple syrup. "
2 rolls butter.
31st — i quires manlla paper. - - ' *
2 doz. eggs. _
2 rolls butter.
Figures Prove CrimeT
The segregation sheets for March
of this year have the following items of
charges for "food supplies" charged to
the Wardens house: V-f
March, ? Amounts March, Amounts
1002. Charged. 1002. Charged.
1 $ 5 21 18 505
? 457 1» ........... 3K {
4 . •• 6 SO 20 2 09
J •- 283 21 330
" .? " -•}« 22 ........... 468
1 •••• "'I TO 24 ..... 849
8 ........... 4 08 23 O47
8 4 67 26 ;.. 5 33
" — - ' 3 " 27 6161
j " " U<Xi 28 ....:...... 65 87
13 3 46 29 ......... 4 u
14 ........... 3 11 31 ........... C5 40
15 •...: a 83 ¦¦-_..
1T •' 1*12 . . $303 03
The items of charges do. not tally with
those of the lists of supplies driwri daily*
In some cases the cash charges are vast
ly in ekcess of the items df Supplies
drawn and vice versa. The iumble of
figures in the books of Commissary
Foley disclose a lack of system and
show that the accounts . have been de
liberately muddled in" order to hide up
certain transactions. Entries of. goods
and foodstuffs drawn for certain months
appear, under the headings of other
months. : Some 6f the entries for.requi
sitions end in the middle of a month and
no explanation could be secured from
Commissary Foley or Acting Warden
Aguirreasto the incomplete condition
of the^ records.
Taking* entries for the month of
March last as a sample, the question
arises as td what Warden Aguirre did
with enough foodstuffs to stock a large
grocery store. What has Aguirre done
with '50 rolls of butter averaging two
pounds to' a roll, and 81 dozen eggs in
one month? San Rafael is not far
from San Quentin Prison, and it may
not be surprising to the people of Cali
fornia to learn that perhaps an "annex"
tbvthe State Penitentiary exists in the
icretty city mentioned^ ;"*. 1
KAISER HONORS
UNITED STATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO jCALL, MONDAY, MAY 26, 1902;
.; —" - . - . : : . ~ :. ¦ < ..." ,- " . •
Members of the French. Mission Hear Sermon by the Distinguished
Prelatev While Attending 'Divine Services at Washington and
; , „ Later Accorppany President Roosevelt on a Horseback Ride
2
PADnS'S CELERY COMPOTJinx
-~ . , _, -
PROMPT ACTION IS IMPER-
ATIVE. ¦;/'•'
Time Lost at This Season Means
Increased Suffering, Perhaps
Death.
Paine's Celery
Lompound
Is the Never Failing Health Restorer
In Springtims.
It Is now an. established fact that nerv-
ous prostration, insomnia, rheumatism.
neuralgia," dyspepsia and blood diseases,
are curable if Paine's Celery Compound
Is honestly and faithfully used at this se^
son; It is" well known that many of our*
! most successful physicians are dally pre-
' scribing and recommending Paine's Celery
Compound. .This fact proves the. superior-
ity of the great medicine over all the reg-
u»ar drugs usually prescribed for the
troubles' mentioned above.
Paine's Celery Compound is pre-emi-
nently adapted for correcting unhealthy
nerve action; it feeds the nerve centers
with elements needed to strengthen them
ard build up healthy tissue. It purifies
the blood, talcing away every trace of
pcison, and encourages a rapid growth oC
red corpuscles upon which th© vigor of
the entire system, depends.
Weariness, tired feelings, despondency
and unrest, so prevalent in the last days
of spring, are banished after a week's use
et Paine's Celery Compound, and full vital
energy and strength take the place of las-
situde and weakness. .
New is the time to strike at the root
of your besetting troubles. The work of
recuperation begun to-day will save you
future weeks, perhaps months of torture
and mental agony.
The immense and unprecedented de-
mand for Paine's Celery Compound —
earth's' best medicine — is an Indention
that thousands are throwing oft disease
and seeking health. Past experience and
the happy results given by Paine's Celery
Compound, all combine to make clear
your path -t>t duty. Begin to-day with.
Paine's Celery Compound if "you would
establish health and vigor for the coming
summer season.
Always Ask for Diamond Dyes
TAKE NO OTHER.
:el:r.tj".s.a.
CURBS PILES, Oft S3O FORFEITED
No Mercury or Opiates.
ONLY UP-TO-DATE DftUCClSTS.
WAKELEE & CO., Bush and Mont-
gomery Streets.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO., 949
• Market Street. ;
DR. H. B. KILBOURN, 551 Third St.
SEARBY'S PHARMACY. 4-OO Sut-
ter Street.
J. CALEGARIS, Kearny and Pacific.
F. B. HULTING. Third and Howard.
W. E. MAYHEW. 144 Fourth St.
R. W. COFFIN, 16th and Valencia,
J. H. WINTER, 25th and "Valencia.
E. H APPERSBERGER, 6th and Mis-
sion Streets. . >
O. F. FULLER. Clay and Fillrnore. ,
D. D. HUNT, 18OO Halght Street.
SHAW PHARMACY, Sutter and
Powell Streets.
CLEASON, Kearny and Clay.Sts.
is a food that
feeds.
Send for a free s Ample ofMellin'sFood,
Mellin's Food Company, Boston, Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
100 Doses
For One Dollar
Economy in medicine must be
measured by two things — cost
and effect. It cannot be measured
by either alone. It is greatest in
that medicine that does the most
for the money — that radically and
permanently cures at the least ex-
pense. That medicine is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It purifies and enriches the blood, cures
pimples, eczema and all eruptions, tired,
languid feelings, loss of appetite and
general debility.
Hood's Sarsaparflla prorViIses to
cure and keeps the promise.
9^ "*•> T~»'"^'^ '»fc Mj> <to v,. qjfc. » LLk. Q
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
iHUSEUH OF AKATtlim
4 Cb i55iiax2iT^.t.te±*7^c.r.ciL>;
\ +JL -^«- TI !5 L *£F e *L Ar -» tw »»"> Mutcam In the \
D ¦¦!fP> > woria. UuicnH.(i or any rx.nnarii A
%» f Kraal =>r*ci»<i!.--oniheC»ist Em. j4 r -ars. O
I P*3f2[k CR - JORDAH-DiSEASES CF MEN A
A I _ c «»n!t«K» free ind jtii^tly rrivtte \
\ H U T B » B »'»«K. MAILED FRtE. ( A.Y
A ii li- »*l>»t>»e book for m-n) • \
r OB. 1OBDAK A CO.. I05raarfcpt'8t..8. T.9
for Gonorrhoea.
Sr^ 1 ' s P crra »torrh«a,
£$£& CUhfcS 1M Whitoa, unnatural din-
*£Sgy Inltc i d«j-§. >H chare*, or any intiamma-
ffcS O»»r»at*esl ut -* Uon, irrltatLjri or clcera-
f* q Pnrcul coni^tcn. 4 >°n of rnncoud aiem-
n Ll '^^£ r e ' nt in plain wrapper. :
J^SfcJ -JZK& J7 «F"". M i P«PaW. for
H Circsltx cent on reauMt.
C' I rt er ¦¦rv Be<!z. Chair?. Stoves, Et;.
A - flL/B I ¦ Tents for Rent and for Sale
"| ?/§ *JP Gant, Hifles, Fishing Tacklt
j\ III B £nd Sportinc Goods. Send
# * 1 1 JL A. for Catalogue. SHREVE &
BAUKKl'. CO., 7:jj Market
O... zna Sll Kearny st.
JOHH J. FXn.T0N CO.
Was 40%"
Maw 00/
JLiUW *-t/c\
. - '- —>. ¦',
Specific Grnvity Was IC09 Fovr Months
Ago;IsNow-M018/ < ,
, An old-school physician who has ad-
ministered the Fulton Compounds In three
cases of chronic Bright's Disease and Dia-
betes, with success In each case, met a
later case that he thought was too far
gone to reach. We now have a letter from
the doctor about this same case, from
-which we extract the following:
"You recollect when you were here last
I told you of a* lady, a Mrs. H , who
was suffering from chronic 'Bright's.' She
also had an ovarian tumor of long stand-
ing; also painful catarrh of the bladder.
I told her, as I told you, that I thought
it useless to try the Fulton Compound in
her case as she was certain to die in a few
months. : "Well. I finally put her on it. as
I knew of nothing else that would bo
likely to benefit her. v - I think this was
I about four months ago. Last Saturday I
called on her and found her greatly im-
proved, entirely free from pain in tlie
bladder." and on testing the urine found
only about 2 per cent of albumen and
specific gravity 1018. The first test showed
albumen 40 per cent and speciiS: gravity
1009. Were It not for the tumor she would
soon be a well woman."
We will show the original of the abova
letter to any reputable physician.
'Medical works agree that Bright's Dis-
ease and Diabetes are incurable, but 87
per - cent are positively recovering under
the Fulton : Compounds. (Dropsy. 'Bladder
Trouble, Rheumatism from uric add. and
the , minor ' kidney diseases are soon re-
lieved.) Price, $} fo'r'Bright's Disease and
$1 50 for Diabetic Compound. Free testa
made for patients. Descriptive pamphlets
mailed free. Can or address' JOHN J.
FULTON CO., Mills Bull ding. Montgom-
ery street, San Francisco."St. Louis has but six fast morning mall
trains, while Chicago has four teen.
MADRID, May 26.— The Cabinet will
meet to-morrow.- Owfng, to ,, difficulties
arising from the question of the religious
orders, Senor Canalejas, the ¦ Minister r of
Agriculture, will resign. It is expected
that other members of the Ministry a*
well as Senor Moret, the president of' the
Congress, will also tender their resign*,
tlons. , . .
Trouble in, Spanish Cabinet.
May 25.-It is reported
from.Wheatland that Mrs. Blanche Hard
ing, a Prominent woman of N this county
and O ne of the heirs of the Lofton es
££* «r M « 0U ? d dead ln the road a num 
bcr of miles from town late to-night. It
is supposed that she was the victim of
a runaway accident. Mrs. Harding was
in Marysville yesterday evening w^
she left for Wheatland driving
ed team.,. That was tho last time she wag
seen, alive, according to all reports/ and
ffiS^nigh^t^?^V^^^
Mrs. Harding was the wife' of Sherman
Harding, the grandson ; of the late p-
R. Lofton, and -had for many years prior
to the death of Lofton mankged his af
fairs. The Xof ton estate Is now In a tan
gled condition, and Mrs. Hardlntr was
Just as the minister had • finished the
benediction and half of the . worshipers
k£. * V« e C 5 urch . Lee. who was sitting
behind Miss Suttle. leaned forward and
fired at her. The first bullet entered her
back, but no vital part was reached, and
Lee- fired again, the second bullet killing
the girl. \VhiIe the ohurch-goers stood
astounded Lee backed out of the door and
started for the woods. On the way he met
a man named Childress,* to whom he con
fessed the murder, and asked Chlldress
to. take the revolver and kill him., Chil
dress paid no attention to the young man
Lee went next to his father's house,
where he repeated the Btory of the trag
edy, and. securing $100. started awayi Dr.
John Suttle, father of the murdered girl
heads one of the posses while -his son
directs another. . •
Miss Suttle had refused Lee's attentions
because, it Is said, she considered herself
above him socially. . .
ATLANTA. Ga.. May. 25.— Five hundred
men divided Into a half dozen posses are
to-night searching the country adjacent
to Atlanta for Millard Lee, the 20-year
old son of a well-to-do farmer, who to
?o ay f h w a i nd £" led Ml88 Llla Suttle . »sed
19 at Wesley Chapel, nine miles from this
city. . .» . . ¦ , . .
RUNAWAY TEAM
KILLS A WOMAN
RELIEF SHIP'S CREW DESERTS.
Seamen of the Dauntless Refuse to
Approach Martinique. .
From the Special Correspondent of Th» Call
and . the New Tork Herald.. Copyright
1902, by the New York Herald Publishing
Company. /¦:¦..';*•;• * *»\. .
ST. KITTS. B. W. I., May 25.— The sloop
Dauntless, which, under command of Cap-
LONDON. May 25.— King Edward ha*
approved the conferring of the most noble
Order of the Garter upon the Duke of
Marlborough Jn succession to the '~ late
Earl of Kimberley, who died April 8. Thq
death of the Earl of Kimberley- made a
vacancy in the list of knight companlon3
of the most noble Order of the Garter
which is only conferred upon sovereigns
and twenty-five members of the high no
bility of the United Kingdom. *¦-
King Edward Approves the Choice.
CHICAGO, May 25.-Five hundred union
teamsters employed in the delivery of
meat by the big packers, went on strike at
midnight for ar substantial Increase in
wages and for shorter hours. As a result
of Lhe strike the men say no meat will
be delivered to retail dealers to-morrow
or at railroad stations for shipment out
of the city. The strikers claim that they
have received assurances of support from
the other labor organizations whose mem
bers are employed at the stockyards and
that any attempt by the packers to fill
their places with non-union teamsters
will result In a general tie-up of the pack
lug houses.
The strikers assert that committees
from them have been denied conferences
by the managers of the different packing
houses.
FIVE HTTNDRED TEAMSTERS
QUIT WORK ACT CHICAGO
Queer Phenomena in Portugal.
LISBON, May 25.— Curious phenomena
have been observed at Pedroso, near
Oporto.' which are supposed to be connect
ed with the volcanic eruptions In the West
Indies. Fissures in the earth there emit
ted fire and smoke and simultaneously
there came a tornado. .
Governor's Estimate of Dead.
PARIS, May 23— In his official report to
the French government on the entire Mar
tinique disaster. Governor L'Huerre of
Martinique . estimates the dead there at
30,000.
KINGSTOWN, Island of St. Vincent.
Saturday, May 21.— The Quebec Line
steamship Madiana arrived here to-day.
Passengers report that the Government
of tho British island of Trinidad is pre
paring- to settle refugees from Martinique
on crown lands on moderate terms.
Homes for the Refugees.
The : refugees say that several persons
who were searching among the ruins of
Sl. Pierre were killed by electricity and
suffocation. |
Set Fire to Buildings on the Planta
tions of Martinique.
Prom- the Special Correspondent of The Call
and the New Tork Herald. - Copyright
1002, by the New York. Herald Publ'shlng
Company.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad, May' 25. -
The Compagne Generate Transatlantique
line steamship Versailles has arrived here
with 279 refugees; principally mechanics,
seamstresses and servants, who fled from
Martinique partly In fear of Mont Pelee
and partly because of the rabble, which
is pillaging that stricken island. The'ref
ugees say that the plunderers are tak
ing everything of value upon which they
can lay their hands and are setting fire
to buildings on farms and plantations.
In conversation with some of the ref
ugees I was toid that tho second erup
tion of Mont Pelee was less destructive
than was supposed. Boiling mud and red
.hot stones rained over the Basse Pomte
district, which was completely destroy
ed. . The houses were half buried in mud.'
-There was no' loss of life because the in
habitants escaped . after the .first erup
tion. The district of Carbet also was de
stroyed. ." \~ ...
ROBBERS OVERRUN ISLAND.
ST. NAZIERE, France May 25. — The
French line steamship France arrived
here to-day. .She is. the first steamship
t3 reach France from Martinique since
the catastrophe. The France was boarded
here by many relatives . and friends of
the. survivors who were on board, and
there were, many touching scenes. The
narratives' of the survivors, however,
added nothing to what Is already known.
Survivors Reach France.
MILWAUKEE, May 25.— Reports reach
ed Milwaukee to-night from Eagle River,
AVis., Florence, WIs., and Iron Mountain.
Michigan; of the startling behavior of
Thunder Mountain, the highest point of
land in Northern "Wisconsin, which is re
ported to be belchins out smoke at an
alarming rate. It is known that at Green
Bay, sixty miles away, a hot boulder fell
on a street corner -and was still red hot
when morning came. The light of the
mountain, it Is said, can be seen for miles
The reports come from localities seven
ty miles apart. According to the advices,
homesteaders are hurrying to the settle
ments in alarm. The strange actions of
the mountain have caused panic in two
surrounding counties.
Thunder Mountain is more of a plateau
than a hill and in the center of the moun
tain is a ( great peat bog and swamp.
The mountain has been seldom visited
for it is an almost solid mass of rock
with vegetation at the top and with only
a cedar swamp . surrounding It. The
State geological authorities have declared
It to bo of volcanic origin.
?v, Acc ?™ dln< L, to to - nI Kl>fs reports - more
than 100 settlers have reached Eagle Riv
er. Fiery .red sunsets and a succession
of severe thunderstorms near the . moun
tain have added to the general conster
nation. .
Belching Smoke.
Thtinder Mountain Is Reported to Be
VOLCANO IN WISCONSIN.
DECLARES HE IS HELD
PRISONER IN HOSPITAL
xcrxner Judge of Hartford, Conn.,
Asks to Be Freed From a Chi
cago Institution.
CHICAGO. May 25.— Frederick Sage,
who claims to be a prominent business
man and a former Judge of Hartford,
Conn., has cent word from the Chicago
detention hospital that he Is held a pris
oner tfiere and has not been allowed to
communicate with his friends in the East.
Responsible men who visited the hospital
to-day were appealed to by Sage who
asked them to notify his friends in Hart
ford where he was.
The prisoner stated that he was called
to Phoenix, Ariz., about eight months
ago and was on his way home, getting as
far as Chicago, when he was arrested,
pent to the detention hospital and after
ward to the State Asylum at Elgin. He
eays he remained there until last week,
when he escaped and came to this city.
He at once telegraphed to his home for
money to return, received it by wire an<l
was about to take the train for Hart
ford, he says, when he was again ar
rested and sent to the detention hospital.
The hospital attendants refused to allow
Sage to be communicated with to-dav.
SYNDICATE PURCHASES
KANSAS WHEAT ELEVATORS
New Plan Is Started In Hope of
Eliminating Middlemen and
Speculators.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 25. — Walter
Vrooman of the "Western Co-operative
movement has closed contracts for the
purchase of six of the largest wheat ele
vators in the Kansas wheat belt and two
of the largest flouring mills. The prico
paid Is said to have been 1730,000. Vroo
man, who has left for New York to
complete the financial end of the plan,
say3 the present purchase Is but the be
ginning of a movement to center farmer3
of Kansas in a branch of the Vrooiaan
Co-operative Company. The farmers are
to be- taken, into the scheme upon the
payment of $100 each r for which they
are to receive the market value of their
wheat sold to v the company, and. In ad
dition, will receive one-half of the prof
it derived, the other half going to Co
operative stores, through which tha
wheat and flour will be handled. .
"The plan," said Vrooman. "Is to elim
inate wheat speculators and the middle
men. The farmers are in earnest sym
pathy with the movement. It Is the
only way to head off the talked-of flour
trust that is forming in New York."
It Js intended to ship to Great
Britain to be sold among- tie co-operative
members there, the surplus product be
ing disposed of In Kansas and Missouri.
J -Regarding relief work, some of the
refugees declared that the distress' was
much exaggerated, and that more provi
sions were being landed than the resi
dents knew what to do with. It was as
certained that laborers refused to work,
1 because | so much money and food had
come to the island that they did not
need to work any longer.
Soufriere Bains Ashes and Stones
Upon the Settlement.
KINGSTOWN, Island of St. Vincent,
Saturday/May 24.— Another eruption on
the night of Sunday, May 18. caused a
greater fall of ashes and stones and more
consternation at Chateau Belair, Island
of St. Vincent, . than resulted from the
eruption of May 7. Shortly after the ap
pearance of a cloud on May 18, which was
belched from the mountain, Egyptian
darkness enveloped. the village of Chateau
Belair. The inhabitants rent the air with
shrieks and groped against the banks of
the road leading to Cumberland in their
ercorts to flee from the threatened danjeer
but the exodus from Chateau BeJair con-
tinued all night.
Detonations and smoke and lava from
the volcano continued the next day.. May
J?. and the people still tried to leave
Chateau Belair. for Kingstown and other
Wi ? s - £ , h f av y- rainfall occurred at
Chateau Belair on the 19th, the first in
the district in two months, and the
streets, huts and shops were flooded .
Q^fr iV e i Q y£ lcano e ™Ptlon diminished
after the 19th, some thirty of the Inhabi
tants returned to Chateau Belair, but
they are still apprehensive. " ciair> ;. DUt
Kingstown is longing for rain. The heat
and dryness here are unprecedented
There Is no hope for the resuscitation of
the Carfb country for years to come The
canal that supplied water to thatcountry
for domestic or manufacturing"pur
poses has dried up and the district
is desolated. The Government is treat
ing for the purchase of an estate rnjon
which to settle the refugees, and • careen
ten are engaged In erecting huts, on iaf e
CHATEAU BELAIB'S DANGER.
Admiral Servan to-day called upon
United States Consul Ayme to express to
?t . ~ high appreciation of what the
united States has done for the victims of
the disaster.
For two days heavy rains have fallen.
The scientists are divided In opinion as
to whether or not new and more violent
outbursts are to be witnessed. A ma
jority of them think volcanic energy will
be displayed for a long time, but that no
further loss of life will occur, as there are
no large places left to be destroyed, and
Fort de France, they say, is absolutely
safe from any possible outburst of Mont
Pelee.
friendship of the American people, which
has been manifested, by the - swiftness
with which 'great quantities of supplies
have been forwarded and the character
of the delegates In charge of them.
Fort de France looks deserted. Nearly
2000 persons have gone to the islands of
Guadeloupe, Dominica and St. Lucia, and
as many more are trying- to get away.
Ine simple object of all minds is to es
cape from the island. '
locations, .to ' r?I|eve the .congestion "fin
Kingstown. *-»», -«S»^^**-j^~^3 .-..— —— . — -~
*?**, C i OUd V 1 **' ls sued; fronV; the crater.
£ ".Sunday night was visible' tothe -in
habitants of the neighboring island of St.
l-iUcla and Inspired them with awe. Vivid
flashes of lightning were . seen on the
morning- of the 19th; accompanied by
Jmt 1 volcanlc rumblings.
?., S e^ n i'j mb f r of new craters in the dis
turbed district cannot be ascertained, as
ascent of the mountain is impossible, but
there are apparently four active craters
r «ii F un ] bl in8r sounds are heard; vapor
Is still issuing from different portions of
the mountain and the lava is flowing.
act"vUv am ShOWS no ~ dlstinct signs of
* The United States steamer Dixie arrived
here . yesterday; with 990,000 rations and
clothing, medicine and supplies.
The interruption: of the cable between
e '* n /, the , is L and of st - Lucla has
caused delay In the transmission of mes
sages. .....
NAPLES, May S.— King Victor Eman
uel and Queen Helena arrived here this
evening on their way to Palermo to open
the agricultural exhibition. During the
stoppage of the royal train at the arsenal
here, two stones were thrown at the
train by a man named Vlncehzo Guer
rerio, who was immediately arrested.
Guerrerio had previously been convicted
of theft. The assault resulted In a great
demonstration of loyalty toward th%. King
and Queen by the assembled crowd.
Use of the Torch by Robber Bands Adds to the Terror of Survivors
on the Stricken Island of Martin
Criminal Makes Attack
Upon King and Queen
of Italy.
SCENES IN THE DESTROYED MARTINIQUE CITY AND ON ST. LUCIA.
The steamer Fontabell. carrying a large
quantity of supplies and a relief party
left- here to-day direct for Martinique.
Ine island has been swept by a fearful
thunderstorm. . -
When the Dauntless passed St Pierre
on the voyage northward the city was
burning fiercely, but the volcano was
quiet. :
- Captain Lake reports that there was a
great scare in Fort de France' because of
stone and ashes fiom Mont Pelee falling
upon the capital' amid dtep darkness. The
scare had abated, however, when the
Dauntless left and calmness had been re
stored/ The negroes, according to the
Captain, S were generally Indifferent, th.i
whites showing more distress and worrl
ment.. ...-.- . . _
On the , passage southward. Captain
Lake says. Mont Pelee was seen blazing
grandly at intervals of about a quarter
of an hour. Its eruptions were accom
panied by awful sounds resembling deep
thunder. Pebbles and volcanic debris
raised constantly upon the deck of the
Dauntless. .-.-.- ¦< ¦. .. .. - - - .
tain Lake, carried supplies provided by the
government of this island for the suffer
ers in Martinique, returned here to-day.
The crew of the Dauntless became fright
ened in the voyage, 'refused to go on and
deserted the sloon at Dominica, This de
layed the relier expedition, but the
Dauntless obtained another crew at
Dcminlca and finally went on to her des
tination.
HURLS STONES
AT ROYAL TRAIN
Eighty persons who were arrested for
taking part In revolutionary disturbances
at Saratoff were confined In a private
building there. A number of rioters con
centrated in the vicinity of the building,
contemplating a release. The rioters were
charged several "times by the troops be
fore they dispersed and the liberation of
the prisoners was thus prevented.
Armed with daggers and sticks, the
townspeople, of Chirsel. in the Caucasius,
have liberated a score of prisoners who
asserted they were innocent.
Peasant political prisoners have been
whipped in Bielostook and other Polish
towns.
Lieutenant General von "VVahl, governor
of Vilna. whose assassination was at
tempted recently on account of his whole
sale flogging of political prisoners, many
of whom were educated, and, according
to custom, were, therefore, exempt from
Hogging; justifies these punishments on
the ground that he was ordered to inflict
them by M. von Plehwe, the minister of
the interior. ¦ '¦:-:-"¦¦
ST. PETERSBURG. May 25.— A report
has reached here of an attempt .to assas
sinate Prince Obolensky, governor of
Kharkoff, who was commended by the
Czar for suppressing the rioting among
the peasants of that district.
Natives Quit Work
When Relief
Arrives.
Attempts to Kill the Rus
sian Governor of
Kharkoff.
ASSASSIN SEEKS
LIFE OF PRINCE
GOES TO CHURCH
TO KILL A GIRL
\r!^% n O * the_refugees who have come
into Fort de France have deserted the
town for points further south, as terror
still possesses all souls and Fort de
Franca is believed to be doomed. All
business is suspended as the amount of
supplies received has killed sales.
«^ *i, Fren . ch dele « at es. Admiral Servan
and the citizens are unanimous In ex
pressions of gratitude for the genuine
Mr. Corwine and Captain Scott, brother
of Chief Officer Scott of the Roraima,
were presented to Governor L'Huerre and
the French delegates, to-day. The steam
er Topaze has been placed at the disposal
of Mr. Corwine to visit St. Vincent. Her
cargo will be discharged to-morrow.
Captain Scott visited the survivors of
the steamship Roraima at the hospitals
to-day. Professor Robert T. Hill, the em
inent geologist, with his party, has char
tered a steamer and Is carefully studying
the volcano from the sea. George Ken
nan, with a land party, is examining the
northern part of the island.
Mont Pelee was fairly quiet yesterday,
although there was a big eruption of
ashes which covered the extreme north
or the island. The new. crater is active
air. Corwine has Investigated the
method -employed in the distribution of
supplies and has Informed Governor
L Huerre that he considers it excellent.
It is expected official notification will be
Issued that sufficient supplies have been
received.
FORT DE FRANCE, Island of Martin
ique, May 25. 6 p. m.— The. United States
cruiser Cincinnati arrived here from St.
Lucia yesterday. The steamer Lucken
bach arrived this morning and left at
once for Porto Rico. The steamer Fon
tabelle reached here at 9 a. m. with loO
tons of supplies from the Chamber of
Commerce of New York and other citi
ens. Among her passengers are W. H
Corwine. who was specially named by
.President Roosevelt as secretary of the
various bodies in the United States con
tributing for the relief of the sufferers;
Professor Angelo Heilprin and other sci
entists.
City Is Doomed.
FLEE FROM FORT DE FRANCE.
Frightened Islanders Believe the
The officials in Fort de France have
asked permission of the French govern
ment to leave the city, but their request
has been refused. The troops on the isl
and are uneasy and frightened.
rne body of the American Consul at St.
Pierre, Thomas Premis, which was re
covered from the ruins, was carried to
* ort de France, where it was buried with
Imposing ceremonies.
Affairs in Port de France are reported
quieter, but the inhabitants continue to
llee from the- island on every available
vessel. Most of them go to neighboring
islands, but many of the citizens of Fort
de France have fought shelter in Trinity,
a town In the southern part of Martinique,
out of Mont Pelee's danger cone. This
town has become so. greatly overcrowded
that there is no shelter left and large
numbers of the refugees sleep out of
doors, on the sidewalks or under trees.
Provisions are being sent to Trinity from
Fort de France.
All the walls of buildings left standing
in St. Pierre after the first eruption have
been leveled by the succeeding outbursts
and now lie under vast sheets of lava. The
sea around the northern part of the isl
and is black with finely powdered pumice
stone and the trunks of burned trees
which have been carried out to sea from"
the mountain.
ports that Mont Pelee is still very
active. The whole top of the volcano ap
pears to have opened for a distance of
fully two miles, forming one vast crater,
from which ashes and lava are pouring
forth in enormous quantities. The lava
is running in great streams from the top
of the crater to the sea.
POINTE-A-PITRE, Guadeloupe,
May 25.— The steamer Lifjeld,
which arrived. this morning with
more fuitives from Martinique, re-
From the Special Correspondent of The Cal!
and the New York Herald. Copyright,
1902, by the New York Herald Publishing
Company.
Crater Is
to Two Miles in
VV lClli 1 •
STREAMS OF LAVA NOW STRETCH FROM MONT PELEE TO THE SEA
THE SAN FE ANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; MAY 26, 1902. v
3
P0A3PS JgJOTBY PIIXS.
PEOPLEWEKNOW.
Tlier Are Smn FrueUoo People, and
What Ther Say !¦ ot Local
Interest.
When an Incident like the following oc-
<>urs right here at home It is bound o
carry weight with our readers. So many
: t range occurrences go the rounds of the
press; are published as facts, people be-
come skeptical. On one subject skepti-
cism Is rapidly disappear! n k This is due
lo the actual experience <.f citizens,
:ir.d tbelr public utterances regarding
them. The doubter must doubt no more
in the face of such evidence as this. The
public statement of a reputable citizen
(ivlng right here at home, one whom you
tan see every day. leaves no ground for
Hie skeptic to stand on.
David Voss, baker, of 603 Sixth St., says:
••For six or seven months pain in the
email of my back Just over the kidneys
plainly told me there : was' something
wrong with those organs. Naturally a
man ln this condition Is on the outlook
for something to radically dispose of the
trouble or at least check It, and one even-
Ing while reading my paper I came across
aa advertisement which stated that
Doan's Kidney Pills could be depended
upon. Next day I went to the No Per-
centage Drug Store, 949 Market street, for
.-. box. It performed Its work quickly and
faithfully. After a course of the treat-
ment the backache ceased and up to date
there has not been a symptom of. a re-
currence.".
For cale by all dealers: price 60c a box.
Foster-Mllburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y., sole
events for the United States.'
Remember the name— Doan's— end - take
co ether. j / - • • -._
T£hc JSai&win .%eweltp Co*
where they will be pleased to show the public new and
exclusive designs in hicih~class Jewels ~)ind Silverware,
having purchased the enti^^Quality makes price. Were Burnett* • Vanilla
Extract no better than other extract* it* prlc»
would be the same. Once tried always ua«d.
TinFiffUniliiiiiiiiii ' .
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv th«
Press Clipping Bureau- (AllenSt^cffi!
fcrnla street. Telephone < Main''lM2. ¦*?
Prunes »* n ff«i with apricots.. Townsend's.*
The young King of Spain finds himself confronted
at the outset by an anarchist conspiracy ; but he may
console himself with the, reflection" that he has no
Philippine question to fret over.
'The Northern Pacific Railway la tha b«»t.
cheapest and quickest route. From tewijrton
and Stltea, Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails Into thla district are most accessible.
For rates. J . etc.. address T. K. STATBXER.
O. A.. W7 Market st.. S. F.
PP Going to Thunder Mountain ?P
Two pews in a fashionable church. in Washington
4 city were recently sold at auction and one of 'them
brought $2750. No doubt there is; a good deal of
religion preached in that church",' but it doesn't in
terfere with the worship of mammon.
The gray ] buzzard - is said to be the
heaviest bird that flies, the young males,
vrhen food 13 plentiful, weighing nearly
forty pounds. The bird i 3 nearly extinct.
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask-
A J llce . pr ?f ent for Eastern friends.
638 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
John Sparks, a mining man of Reno,
Nev., is at the Palace, and Colonel C R»
Eager of Los; Angeles is a guest at "the
Palace.
W. Darneal, a merchant of Los Gatos,
Is at, the Lick.
T. P. Bisland, a mining expert of Guay
mas, is at the Russ. '
" J. Morris l Jones, a rancher of Colusa,
is staying at the Grand.
•Dr.. Ralph Hagan of Los Angeles is at
the -Grand for a brief stay.
Alex C. Blair, a business man of Los
Angeles, is registered at the Lick.
D. B. Hanson, a lumber dealer of Seat
tle, is one of the guests at the Grand.
A. J. Pillsbury, • a newspaper man- of
Tulare, is a late arrival at the Grand.
Mark Twain's "recent defense of Funston, coming
as it did just after the President' had commanded
Funston to keep his mouth shut, ; has been rather
serious for the general, and it will not be surprising
to learn that he has privately an opinion
that -Mark Twain is an exhausted /humorist and in
capable of writing anything more" that is worth
reading.
There is no reason for doubting the. essential accu
racy of the statements of the dispatch. , Confirma
tion of them is to befound in many directions. The
recent instructions to British agents in this country
to make no further purchases of horses and mules for
DISPATCHES from London report that an
unnamed member of the Ministry stated on
Saturday that the negotiations in South
Africa are practically settled and that the war is at an
end. It is explained that the delay ia closing the
negotiations is due to the difficulty of the Boer dele
gates in communicating with their followers, and the
desire of the British officials to give them ample time
to obtain^a ratification of their actions, so that when
the end comes there will be no reason for further dis
pute. It is therefore probable that some weeks may
elapse before the actual ratification of the peace
treaty, but none the- less the war is over arid King
Edward will have the satisfaction of knowing that his
empire is at peace on his coronation day.
PERSONAL MENTION.
PEACE IN SIGHT.
"Under the referendum clause in the
v charter the people can vote at the next
election on a proposition to make the li
cense tax any way from $200 to $600, and
I think the saloon men would be acting
in their own interests by agreeing to pay
$200 under an ordinance of the Board of
Supervisors."
"That proves," said the Chief yester
day, "that the $84 charged here is ab
surdly low, and no better argument could
be adduced for an Increase to $200, which
is less than in any other city In tha
State. I' can see no reason why the
Board of Supervisors should object to
pass an ordinance giving effect to my
suggestion, thereby enabling me to give
proper [ police protection to all parts j of
the city. It appears to me the only fea
sible way out of the difficulty.
In San Jose the annual fea i3 $320, pay
able in advance; in Sacramento It is $300
-or saloons closing at midnight and $340
for those keeping open all night; la
Stockton it is $200, but for saloons where
women are employed it is $600; in Los
Angeles it is $600, and In Oakland $400.
each saloon-keeper being required to give
a. bond of $1000 to conduct the business
In an orderly manner.
The suggestion made by Chief Wittmart
and backed up by tie Police Commission
ers that the liquor license tax bo in
creased from $84 to $200 per annum so
as to secure sufficient revenue to prop
erly equip the police force has caused
much discussion among saloon-keepers
and the tax-payers generally.
The Chief has been in communica
tion with the Chiefs In other cities
throughout the State regarding the li
cense fee paid by saloon-keepers, and
has received replies from San Jose. Sac
ramento, Stockton, Los Angeles and Oak
land, which show that the increase sug
gested Is very reasonable.
¦ The time for taking a vote on the Phil
ippine measure has caused considerable
abatementin the preparation /of ' the dis
cussion of; the I Nicaragua canar bill and
the'Cuban reciprocity bill," which will be
taken;up next. in succession or, jointly.
,' The. beet sugar people expect a month's
debate ; on I the Nicaragua .bill, but this
expectation Is not in accord with the ad-
'¦ the ¦; Nicaragua v bill orjita; op-*
, ¦ ¦ ¦ • - - _ ..¦'¦•."'' :; ¦ \ ..'*.¦"'.'¦ ' V
• It • is not .¦ expected that there ' will be
any session ! on* | Fridayr-Memorial day.
There may be an effort to keep the Sen
ate; in session, '¦ tut this effort will/ be
antagonized.* " ' ' "^
From present Indications the Senate
will jj devote e another full week, if not a
•.longer time to consideration of the Phil
ippine 1 bill. ..The prediction is freely made
tha,t a' vote will not be preached before
the middle of the following week. There
are still , a number of set speeches prom
ised on the bill,' and some other Senators
have not yet indicated whether, they will
speak or not.\ Senator Burrows- will be
heard, to-morrow in advocacy of the bill,"
and among others who are expected to
speak during the; week are Senators Pat
terson, Pettus, Bailev and Bacon in op
position to : the bill, and Senator Spooner
in its : . support. When the', set ; speeches
are disposed of there will - be an . effort
to, securo two; or three days' time for
consideration of amendments, allowing
speeches V not exceeding, ten , or fifteen
minutes on each of them. B
VOTE WTLL BE DELAYED.
It is anticipated by the leaders of the
House that _ these .measures will occupy
the entire week, in which' event the Pa
cific cable bill will not be reached until
the first week in June. It, in turn,, will
be followed by the irrigation bill, ' tHe
Committee on- Rules having-; agreed to
report special rules for the consideration
of these measures in the order named.
WASHINGTON. May 25.— Under the
special order adopted last week the bill
to regulate immigration will have the
right of way over all. measures except
appropriation bills, revenue .bills and con
ference reports. . Debate on this bill prob
ably will be^ resumed on Tuesday, Mon
day being set aside for the consideration
of measures coming from the Committee
on the , District of Columbia, but should
it appear that the immigration bill can
b* disposed of on Monday Chairman Bab
cock.of the District of Columbia Com
mitte may yield Monday to the immigra
tion bill, taking the day following the
'District of Columbia matters. ;\ After, tHe
immigration bill Is acted upon the Com
mltte on Rules will report , a special or
der for the consideration of the nntl
anarchy bill, or, as it is known.- for the
protection of the President of the United
Stales and to prevent crime against the
Government. This will be followed by
the subsidiary coinage bill.
WHY WITTMAN
URGES A HIGHER
TAX ON SALOONS
It is declared, however, that the prac
tically unanimous vote could be secured
for a rebate measure.
There is still a considerable element in
the .Senate opposed to tariff reduction,
a;id it is asserted by the beet sugar men
that the forty-five Republicans, neces
sary to pass the bill have not yet been
secured.
They count confidently on the early
adjournment of Congress after the ap
propriation bills are out of the way, and
they hope that If, after that time, there
Is an effort to pass the Cuban bill it will
be incumbent on the friends of the bills
to maintain a quorum in the Senate.
"It would be hardly fair." said a beet
sugar Republican Senator to-day, In dis
cussing the contingency mentioned, "to
expect the opponents of the proposed re
duction to assist In prolonging a session
in midsummer for the purpose of passing
a measure which they do not want to
see enacted into law."
Both these elements are now claiming a
majority, and are sayingr that the sooner
the vote is taken the better they will
be satisfied. The beet sugar men, how
ever, are' counting confidently on the co
operation that finds Itself In the minority
in the matter of postponing- the vote on
the canal bill. In other words, the beet
sugar advocates welcome the introduc
tion of any question that will defeT con
sideration of the Cuban bill, since they
think that there will be no Cuban legis
lation at all if . the taking up of that
question can be postponed until after the
passage of all the appropriation bills. THe
appropriation bills should be passed be
fore the 1st of July in order to supply
money for the support of the Govern
ment after that date, and they conse
quently expect that considerable time
will bo given. during June to the appro
priation bills remaining undisposed of.
ponents on the Isthmian Canal Commit
tee. .
. CTJBAWT LEGISLATION.
The crops, upon which the business of San Fran
• ; <co largely depend, continue to look well, and no
failures in any product of the soil are expected. Some
kinds of fruit will be shorter than anticipated, and
the same may be said of hay and grain; but taken as
a whole the harvest of the State will be large.
Conditions on this coast, subject as they are to
those in the Eastern and Western portions of the
country, show no particular changes. Like Wall
street, which has been tame enough of late, the San
Francisco market fo*- stocks, bonds and other se
curities has been inactive for several weeks, and, like
Chicago, this market for provisions and cereals is
without feature and quiet as a rule. Values for every
thing, however, comparatively high as they are, s<em
to be maintained without difficulty, and the domestic
and export trade of this port continues first rate.
There are no complaints from any quarter.though the
real estate men say that the demand for building sites
is not excited as for the past few months. Against
this report, however, the records show a number of
heavy transfers during the past few days, with the
usual announcements of large buildings going up all
over town. It must be remembered that real estate
Ii2s been abnormally active in this city for months,
*nd many handsome turns have been made, while
the tendency of values continues upward. As far as
that is concerned, whtn a town gets as large as San
Francisco it is a pretty safe proposition to buy real
"-tale almost anywhere ' within its limits, as most
-~>perty owners have learned to their profit and grat
'" -"lion during the past year.
Collections are reported good all over the country,
and the failures continue small and generally unim
portant, those last week numbering 192, against 180
for the corresponding week last year. The bank
clearings showed a loss front 1901 of 15.5 per cent,
the great cities of the country being about bal
anced in the matter of increases and decreases. For
the next two or three months, unless something un
toreseen happens, business will be more or less unin
teresting, as thjs summtr season is at hand, and there
never is much going on at that time of the year.
The other staples, however, are visibly quieter than
of late. The more favorable weather over the wheat
and corn belt and the promise of abundant crops of
both grains have taken the snap out of the markets,
and speculation in both has fallen to a low ebb. At
Chicago there is hardly anything doing, and while
the export movement from the United States is very
good, it is going along tamely and in a legitimate
way. Provisions, too, have subsided, and while
prices are abnormally high and the raw product in
more or less light supply, transactions at the princi
pal centers have materially diminished during the
past fortnight. Footwear is much quieter and sell
ers are making concessions here and there, in spite
of the fact that hides and leather have ruled firm,
with recent advances in the former. San Francisco
tanners, however, report -this market for leather
weak. The cotton and woolen trades are quiet and
featureless. .
LAST week was quiet in trade everywhere, and
there were few features worthy of especial
mention. One, however, deserves notice. This
is the strike of the coal miners, which a week ago
threatened to inflict serious injury upon business,
but which has happily been greatly modified by ad
justments here and there, so that at present it is not
such a serious menace and may turn out a trivial
matter after all. The railroads and iron trade, which
were especially threatened by the. strike, are doing
their usual business, and both interests report affairs
flourishing. The railroad earnings thus far in May
are ahead of those it the' corresponding time last
year, while the structural mills report liberal orders,
ivhich are running them to their full capacity, most
of them still being unable to promise prompt deliv
eries, and many being engaged for months ahead.
This protracted activity in iron and steel is remark
able. It has continued for several years and shows
no signs of slackening. As an indication of the con
dition of business throughout the country it is highly
gratifying. ¦';•¦•
CONDITION OF. TRADE.
Three vacancies practically exist In the construction corps of
the United States navy. R. P. Hobson Is unfit for duty because
of impaired eyesight; J. T. McDonald is to be retired on ac
count of 111 health, and Lawrence Spear has resigned to enter
the employ of the Holland Submarine Boat Company. No
doubt the monotony of inspection duty at private" shipyards,
and routine duty at navy is not calculated to keep up the
interest of these comparatively young men; nor is the country
receiving an adequate return for the money expended upon the
education of these naval constructors. There is no naval power
having such an array of untried construction talent and there
is but slight prospect that any of our naval constructors will
have an opportunity to prove their proficiency. Under these
circumstances they can hardly be blamed for becoming tired
of a service that offers no encouragement to Individual efforts
and that they should retire or enter into the employ of private
yards.
Congressman E. G. Foss, chairman of the House Naval
Committee, made a curious statement the other day while
presenting the report on the naval appropriation. He alluded
to the fact that the Texas was designed by an Englishman
whom he met two years ago in Europe while visiting and
inspecting foreign shipyards. It Is true that the Texas plan.*
were designed _by an Englishman whose name was "William
John, but Mr. Foss failed to explain that the present chief
constructor, Francis Tiffany Bowles, then an assistant naval'
constructor, examined and endorsed the plans prior to their ac
ceptance by the United States Government, and that when hi9
attention was directed to certain defects in the design, which
subsequently proved to be serious, Mr. Bowles reiterated his
previous endorsement of the design and built a ship which
proved to be a failure. Mr. Foss' neglect to locate the re
sponsibility where it belonged was probably due to a reluctance
to expose the stubbornness and incompetency of the chief con
structor, but his alleged meeting with William John two year3
ago Is a highly Improbable event, for Mr. John died In Madrid,
December 19, 1890. *
That Germany is rapidly coming to the front as a naval
power is forcibly Indicated by the presence of a fleet in Irish
waters. The squadron, under the command of Prince Henry,
consists of eight battleships and three cruisers, and is larger
than the British Channel squadron or the French Northern,
equadron. There is a homogenity about the vessels com
prising this fleet which Is only equaled in the British navy.
The four battleships of first division are of the Kaiser
class, identical in all respects, size, maneuvring capacity, radius
of action, speed and gun power, and all of them are protected
by the same weight and distribution of armor. The fleet i3
practically new,- the oldest of the first division being only five
years old and the oldest of the others only ten years. In tha
second division there are some other slight differences, th«
slowest ship being unable to make more than sixteen knots
against eighteen knots of the Kaiser. Taken as a whole the
German navy building is far more rational and systematic
than that of any other naval powfer, the squadrons of which
being as a rule composed of vessels with varying- speeds and
other qualities and therefore not as effective as a whole as
a squadron of ships identical in all particulars.
country than the British taxpayer Is likely to realize and
appreciate.
MANY MEASURES
NOW PEND1N6
IN THE HOUSE
A first-class boy on the British training: ship Agincourt was
recently reported to the executive officer for having used ob
scene language and was ordered to receive twelve strokes with
the birch. Enraged at this the boy ran at the officer and
struck the latter a severe blow on the ear, after which a court
martial sentenced him to twenty-four strokes wijth the birch
and three months imprisonment. The corporal punishment
was carried out on the quarterdeck of Nelson's old flagship,
the Victory, where, according to old navy custom, the culprit
is stripped to the waist, lashed to a grating and receives his
castigation from a ship's corporal superintended by the mas
ter-at arms. The naval birch is similar to the ordinary besom
but is somewhat, smaller.. _ . _
'Five of Great Britain's armored ships have been transferred
from the effective service list to the D division, which includes
vessels fitted only for harbor service except in cases of great
emergency. The retired ships are the Glatton, built in 1S72; Iron
Duke, 1871; Neptune, 1878; Inflexible, 1881, and Swiftsure, 1872,
which latter is being converted Into a workshop. The total
first cost of these ships was $8,213,680 and $3,438,175 has been
expended upon them in repairs and . maintenance. * The Iron
Duke, which has been In active service on' foreign stations for
a longer period than any other armored shtp in the British
navy, was built at a cost of $1,043,815 and has consumed Jl 098 -
490 In repairs. The Inflexible, only twenty years old, cost $2*
659,230 and $689,060 in repairs, while the Neptune, with no ser
vice record whatever, cost $2,056,540 to build and $386105 In re
pairs. It is due to the persistent efforts of the British Navy
League to purge the navy list of obsolete vessels that the Ad
miralty has at last stricken ofE about a score. of ships from
'2ifi nrnhnhi * an l the savlnff m repairs on worthless craft
will probably cover the cost of a modern battleship every two
years. The Navy League has rendered a greater ser^icf to the
. The British battleship Russell has completed her series of
steam trials without a hitch and with highly satisfactory re
sults. The final test of eight hours under full power developed,
18,229 horsepower, 19.3 knots speed and a coal consumption of
2.09 pounds per unit of horsepower. The thirty hours' continu
ous run under four-fifths power, which is the severest test,
gave 13,695 horsepower, 17.95 knots speed and a coal consump
tion of 2.14 pounds. On April 18 a thirty hours' trial gave th©
following results, with one-fifth power: 3768 horsepower, 12.1
knots speed, coal consumption 2.4 pounds. The ship was -2%
inches deeper in the water than her intended draught, dis
placing about 14,150 tons or an excess of 150 tons over her nor
mal displacement. The Russell is one of seven battleships iden
tical in all particulars and is 405 feet in length, 75 feet 6 inches
beam and carries a main battery of four 12-inch and twelve 6
inch guns. The hull and machinery were built under contract
by Palmer at Jarrow.
THE armored cruiser Francisco Ferruccio, recently
launched from the dockyard at Venice, is a sister ship
i to the Guiseppe Garibaldi built by Ansaldo at, Sentri Po
nente near Naples, and both are improvements on prior
types of which seven have been built during the past ten
years. The Francisco is of 7393 tons, 13,500 horsepower and
twenty knots speed and carries a battery of .one 10-inch, two
8-inch, fourteen 6-inch and eighteen smaller guns.
We' hope that Bishop Thoburn will so far reveal
his intimate knowledge of the supernatural purpose
as to kt us know how long we must keep it up, and
what it will cost and what the result will be. ;; ; -\
There is nothing irreverent in this spirit of in
quiry. Men want to know if -the. plan of creation is
so imperfect that all "this bloodshed and this killing
of the weak; by the strong are part of the divine
purpose to correct mistakes that omnipotence ought
not to make?
Bishop Thoburn avows his belief in the divine
fatherhood, and that is far beyond human fatherhood,
because it is omnipotent. By the unhappy accident
of prenatal influence, a human father may be
afflicted by a child that is vicious or idiotic. But
the races of men, according to theology, are created
and endowed with qualities, both moral and physical,
that were fitted to them before breath was put into
their ribs, or their ribs were made. A human being en
dowed with such power would choose to create man
in such form that it would be unnecessary to torture
and kill him to secure his belief in "any special form
of Teligion or his submission to any special kind of
civil government. That is what Bishop Thoburn
would do himself in the premises. Had he made
the tribes that dwell in the Philippines he would not
have so formed their minds and habits as to make it
necessary to create others to go there and kill them,
to burn their humble houses, lay waste their fields
and bring woe and havoc upon them. He is no
doubt too good a man to be responsible for such vast
and inconceivable human suffering. We do not be
lieve he would be that cruel to any of the lower
orders of life. Why then does he say that all these
things are being done by divine compulsion?
It is true that we read in Exodus that the heart of
Pharaoh was divinely hardened, but why may not
the hearts of men be softened in these higher and
better days? What great purpose is accomplished
by hardening the hearts of the Filipinos to their own
undoing? The Bishop admits that under the divine
compulsion we must go' on killing them, and Gen
eral MacArthur, a soldier, says that they are so in
capable of defense that it is like "killing children; and
he winced every time he had to do it. Complaint
goes up that the churches are quite empty on Sun-;
day. Is it because the view of the divine person and
purpose taken by Bishop Thoburn revolts human
ity and-the people refuse to believe in such a divin- ;
ity, and being told there is none other refuse to be
lieve in any? . V
If a human father find in his family one defective
child, who is mentally and morally weak, stubborn
and disobedient, he does not arm his perfect and
obedient children to smite that one .and wound and
torture and kill him, to force him to become as they
are. Such i thing woufd revolt the human ' heart.
The laws ma#e by man forbid.jt and their'swift'pun
ishment woufd follow such an exhibition of cruelty
and inhumanity. Now what is' the difference?
The views of the Bishop are very interesting, and
would be more so if any member of the committee
had examined him along the lines of his intimate
knowledge of the divine purpose. The unregenerate
mind is still found, unfortunately, and it will be
moved to inquire why an all-wise Creator brings into
existence whole races of people so imperfectly
equipped, morally , and mentally, that other and
stronger races have to be created to set upon them
with fire and sword to kill and wound and starve and
torture them into submission to the will of a Creator
who could have made them originally; so enlightened
that none of this cruel and inhuman punishment
would have been necessary.
He admitted that any Filipino who -favors Ameri
can rule is in danger of having his. throat cut^ which
reveals the fact that a majority of the people object
to our presence and hate our domination.
BISHOP THOBURN, whojias J>een on a mis
sionary station for many years in the Straits
Settlements, has been called -as. an expert wit
ness before the Philippine committee of the Senate'
His opinions seem to be derived entirely from a theo
logical view of our presence and responsibility in
those distant islands. He told the committee that we
are there be'eause of divine compulsion, and although
much bloodshed and .human suffering have been
caused by our going there, it is all a part of the
providential purpose.
NATIONAL GUIDANCE.
About the only objection thus far made to the
acceptance of the Kaiser s gift of a statue to Fred
erick the Great is one to the effect that suitable sites
for stately monuments at Washington are now. so
scarce we can hardly afford to spare one of them to
eiect a memorial to a King.,. ..- . . "
MONDAY ........... . .MAY 26, 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, FT&prietor.
Address HI Comm&aicttieu to W. 8. LEAKS, Hunger, f
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department .You Wish.
rtlBLICATIOX OFFICE... Blarlcet and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per "Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including; Postages
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.B0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to. receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a -prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICES 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS,
Kt&tgtr Foreign Advertising, Mirquette Bnlldiag, Chicago
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
STEPHEN' II. SMITH CtO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. .
WASHINGTON* (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .140G G St., If. W.
M0R.T0X E. CRAXI3, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. <»;$
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
According to Mr. Quincy and other promoters of
this public enterprise the conditions in Boston were
exceptionally favorable to its success. That it has
failed should induce great care in' entering upon like
ventures elsewhere.
The accountant's conclusion is: "Here is an.ex
periment in municipal ownership, a municipal in
dustry endowed with every advantage. Ample capi
tal, generous appropriations, plant in excellent physi
cal condition, regular work of the same general char
acter throughout the year, everything favorable for
a successful enterprise, which should do the city's
printing better than by contract, and which should
be able to pay as good or better wages, while giving
shorter hours to employes." The failure is declared
to be humiliating, and it is shown that the tax payers
will save money by abolishing the plant.
In addition to the waste, loss and high charges in
the printing department, the charge for ruling and
binding was found to be twenty per cent higher than
individuals pay, and there was extravagance in the
purchase of all stock used.
The expert printer concludes his report to the
Mayor by saying: . "The city is entitled to the same
returns from its expenditures that the individual ob
tains, arid this must be insisted on if the results shall
justify the expectations you expressed to me."
"The present hours of labor at the plant are eight
per day, with a Saturday half holiday, or forty-four
hours per week, against fifty-four hours per week by
the nine-hour day in outside printing establishments.
No one would object to this shortening of hours, on
the contrary all will applaud it, provided only that
the city's work be properly done in the forty-four
hours remaining. In fact, it is reasonable to expect
that more work should be done per hour per man
on a seven and one-third-hour day than on a nine
hour day, but this has not been the fact at the print
ing plant. The figures prove conclusively that, con
trary to reasonable expectation, less work per hour
per man has been accomplished at the printing plant.
These results have many causes, some of which are
designated in last year's report — but all of which
simmer down finally to two fundamental causes.
First, incompetent and sometimes useless employes,
who have been forced upon, or at least accepted by,
the superintendent; and secondly, that the necessary
vim and snap has not been imparted to the supervis
ion of the work. An unnecessary number of em
ployes has been carried in all divisions of the print
ing department. There isa lamentable lack of inter
est manifested in the work. In many cases the dis
position seemed to be to kill time, without reference
to the needs of the establishment. Hands were idle
for hours at a time.. This idleness is attributable to
the fact that the force is far in excess of the needs,
and were it a private corporation much of the help
would be temporarily laid off, or told to look else
where for employment."
The reason why this is a direct loss which increases
every year in spite of a higher charge, which would
itself be a satisfactory profit in a private establish
ment, is partly explained by the experts. They say:
The loss in five ' years' operation of the plant
amounts to $40,12883. This is the direct loss and
is increasing annually. For the first four years it was
$712944 per annum. The fifth year it was $061084,
This was the direct loss, the difference between outgo
and income. Added to this there is an indirect loss to
the taxpayers in the higher prices paid for the work
done. The experts found that on tabulation work
the price is twenty-five per cent and on plain work
ten per cent higher than in private establishments,
and in excess of the charge paid by the city when
its printing was done by contract. The amount of
this indirect loss is estimable only when the total
amount of city printing is known, and this informa
tion is not furnished by the report.
In discussing this subject we have heretofore re
ferred at length to the extensive socialistic experi
ments inaugurated in Boston by Mr. Josiah Quincy
during his service as Mayor* The chief of these was
a municipal printing office, in which he took great
interest and to which he pointed with pride. His
successor, Hon. Patrick Collins, has the same social
istic zeal, and with a view of promoting the policy
of public ownership ordered a comprehensive report
upon the operations of the printing office. The ma
terial for this report was gathered by two men, one
an expert printer and the other an accountant. Their
report is a sad disappointment to Mayor Collins and
the advocates of public ownership.
There are two schools amongst the advocates of
public ownership and operations of business enter
prises. One school 13 distinctly socialistic, the other
consults its prejudices rather than its philosophy. It
shares the feeling that is abroad against corporations,
and when shown that, as far as facts are revealed,
municipal waste is equal to or greater than corpor
ate profit, no impression is made because this school
of men seek revenge upon corporations and they are
willing to accomplish it though the method may im
pose upon the public greater burdens than those for
which corporations are responsible. The socialistic
school is calmly philosophical, and while it may be
as impervious to reason as the other because it re
fuses to consider both sides of the subject, its
optimism is more tolerable than the prejudice and
pessimism which are the motives of its associate cult.
THE revelations. of loss- and sometimes cor
ruption in the administration of light and water
supply by cities, under public ownership, have
i had a tendency to increase the demand for reform in
public accounting. Citizens who do not favor public
ownership and administration of public utilities are
found in the ranks of those who insist upon a better
system of public audit and accounts. As errors and
enormous -losses are discovered in the public opera
tion of light and water plants, the presumption is
not strained that equal losses occur in administering
ftie essential functions of government, such as fire,
police, school and street departments.
N EW FIGHTIN G CRAFT OF ITALY
IS AN IMPROVED ARMORED CRUISER
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
American interest in the situation is now centered
in the report that King Edward is willing to grant
liberal and generous terms to the conquered heroes.
It is said he has urged the Ministers to consent to
almost any- terms for the. sake of peace. It is to be
hoped these reports are true and that the new King
will show himself magnanimous as well as powerful.
Peace with magnanimity will adorn his coronation
better than all the splendor he can throw around it
though he ransack his empire for imperial adorn
ments. Even the coldest and least sentimental states^
man must see there can be no lasting peace in South
Africa unless it come with honor both to Briton arid
to Boer.
South Africa strongly intimated an assurance on the
part of 'the British Government that peace is at, hand.
A still more striking proof was; furnished in the re
port .of. the incidents connected with the recent
capture of 400 Boers.; It, appears that when attacked
the Boers niade no attempt to fight, but sought only
to escape. Thus there were no casualties on the side
of the British. That fact throws a strong light upon
the situation. It is evident the patriots of the Trans
vaal recognize that their cause is hopeless, and hav
ing made one of the most glorious struggles for
liberty in the history of the world they are now
facing defeat bravely and are averse to shed more,
blood merely for the sake of vengeance.
THE SA1ST FBAJSrCISCO. CALL, MONDAY^ MAY 26, 1902.
T&E NEW ARMORED CRUISER FRANCESCO FERRUCCIO. THIS FIGHTING SHIP IS THE LATEST ADDITION
TO THE NAVY OF ITALY, AND IS AN IMPROVED TYPE OF HER CLASS. SHE IS TRIM IN APPEARANCE
AND SPEEDY. j
4
Call tinbaerlb«r« contemplating: a. clinnge of
residence daring; the >ammer months can have
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses by notifying 1 The Coll Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all rammer
resorts -and is represented by a local agent in
all town* on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWfi FOR THE SUMMER.VANCOUVER, B. C. May 25.— The
steamer Danube, from Port Essingfton,
to-night brought inws, of the finding in
northern waters of " a" life buoy marked
"Schooner Honipu." . A quantity of teak
wood from a cabin was also picked up.
Steamer Finds a Life Buoy.
SAN JOSE. May 25.— The residents of
the west side of the valley in the vicinity
of Saratoga and Cupertino want a rail
road connecting them with Mountain
View. Last night they held a meeting at
Cupertino and organized the West Santa
Clara -VaHey- Railroad Promotion Club.
The Rev. E. S. Williams of Saratoga is
president and George E. Hyde of Cuper
tino secretary.
Residents Ask for a Railroad.
PRESIDENT OF STANFORD
UNIVERSITY, WHO DISMISS
ED PROFESSOR E. M. PEASE.
TACOMA. Wash., May 25.— To prevent
the Atlantic shipping trust from obtain
ing control of traffic interests on the
Asiatic coast eleven Japanese steamship
companies have formed a steamship com
bine with headquarters at Osaka. They
now have about seventy-five steamers in
operation, running from Japan to import
ant ports in Siberia, China and Formosa.
These steamers have a registered tonnage
of about 120,000. Several of the constituent
companies have new vessels building.
.Duplication of services at competitive
ports is to be stopped and all important
lines strengthened by adding additional
steamers. In this manner it Is expected
to get the Asiatic coasting trade thor
oughly under Japanese control. Both the
Japanese Government and the vessel
owners are anxious that this trade shall
be dominated by Japan. This does ! not
include either of the steamship companies
operating to San Francisco and Puget
Sound. Kach company joining has put
up a sum equal to one yen per registered
ton of its fleet toward consummating the
combine project. .
Will Oppose the Atlantic
Trust.
Eleven. Big Corporations in the Orient
JAPANESE COMPAITCES
COMBINE THEIR SHIPS
Before the chief reached camp Gordon
succeeded in escaping. He went to
Alaska, and recently returned here. Last
week he received a letter f r,om his In
dian sweetheart, dated Corpus Chrlstl,
Tex. She told him he had filled her life
with new ideals, and she could marry'
no one else. Resolving to become hi3
equal, she t learned English at a mission,
and - later * became a teacher in Indian
schools in Texas. She had waited in vain
for his return. Last summer she saw
his picture in a Denver paper. This gave
her a clew, and she wrote him in. Alaska,
finally reaching: him at Tacoma. Two
years ago her father died and she was
left a valuable estate, including a gold
mine. After receiving her letter Gor
don took the next train for Corpus
Christ!.
One day he met two Indian girls,* whom
he induced- to lead him from the wilder
ness. The prettiest of these became
enamored of Gordon, and to facilitate his
purpose of regaining civilization he made
love to her. This angered .the secend
Indian maiden, who hied herself off
and brought back a band " of Indians,
which seized Gordon and condemned him
to death at the stake on the arrival of
their chief. .
TACOMA, May 25.— Five years ago M.
P. Gordon, a miner well known on the
coast and in Colorado, became lost in
"Western Mexico. For eight months he
saw no/ human being, and lived on ber
ries and birds. When he reached civi*
lization he looked like a wild man, pos
sessing only the buckskin trousers, tat
tered coat and rifle of his former outfit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dusky Savior of a Once Lost
White Man Will Marry
. Him'
Alaska Miner the Herd
of a Delectable
Romance.
INDIAN HEIRESS
FINDS A LOVER
STANFORD NOW LOSES ONE MORE
FROM ITS STAFF OF PROFESSORS
Walter Miller, Who for Several Years Occupied the Chair of
Classical Philology in the University , Resigns Because of
the Long- Standing Friction Between ; Three Departments
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOKDAY, MAY 26, 1902.
Justice is blind— and so is fame—judg
ing by some of the selections she makea.
a fractious horse. Lafranchi was return
ing with a sulky ,rake from the Charles
Avers ranch to his own place, and was
driving a young animal. With his limb
broken Lafranchi bounded from the sulky
and caught the horse by the bridle and
succeeded in quieting him. His cries for
assistance were answered by L. Bianchi,
who undertook to drive the horse. As
soon as Bianchi was mounted in the seat
of the sulky the horse moved forward
with such suddenness as to dismount his
driver and precipitate him under the
teeth of the rake. Bianchi was dragged
for quite a distance, and an intervening
ditch in the road is all that saved him
from horrible' mutilation.
Professor Miller took his master's de
gree at the University of Michigan in 18g4.
Late in 1884 and In 1885 he was a student
at the University of Leipslg, and the next
two years he spent in Athens. From 1887
until 18S9 he was a member of the faculty
of the University of Michigan. In 1S90
and 1891 he was a senior ' in the Roval
Archaeological Seminary at the Univers
ity of Leipslg. On returning to America
he accepted a position as associate pro
fessor of Greek in the University of Mis
souri. This he resigned in 1892 to accept
the chair of classical philology at Stan
ford University.
university. His reputation as a classical
scholar is well known and he is ranked
among the most- brilliant in this country.
He has spent a great amount of time in
study abroad and was at one time a cap
tain in the Greek army while studying at
the American school of classical studies
at Athens. He Is the author of several
text books, among: them "Prose Composi
tion, Based on LJvy,''' and also numer
ous classical works. ¦ ¦
Fractious Horse Injures Men.
SANTA ROSA. May 25.— While driving
along the Sebastopol road near this city
yesterday afternoon Mariano Lafranchi
sustained a broken leg. from the kick of
At Fresno where a stop was made at
the request of the Chamber of Commerce,
the party was received by the following
committee: John A. Neu, president of the
Chamber of Commerce; George M. Boles
Henry Avila, Taylor Albin, C. H. Rlege,
C. T. Cearley. A drive through the raisin
belt of East Fresno was enjoyed and a
visit was paid to the St. George vineyard.
The excursionists will start for San
Francisco to-night by the Santa Fe,
reaching the city, to-morrow morning.
Luncheon was served at the hotel,
where a wealth of flowers had been used
in decoration. At the close of luncheon
E. Barris, president of the Board of
Trade, delivered a short address, and A.
G. Towne and A. H. Vail made short
responses."
In the afternoon the visitors were taken
in carriages again and driven eastward,
the high Sierras towering always in front
of them, through the groves and vine
yards between Dinuba and Sultana and
on to Orosi, a distance of six miles. All
of this country is Included In the 130,000
acres of the Alta Irrigation District, one
of the few Wright law district that have
plenty of water, no litigation and pros
perity. The diversity of resources and
beauty of the orchards and vineyards
greatly impressed the excursionists.
The hosts drove back to Sultana. reach-
Ing It at 4 o'clock. A special Santa Fe
train was waiting to carry the party to
Fresno. Everybody said /good-by, the
man from Boston broke in with "Let me
ask you one more question," adieus wer«*
waved and Tulare County's whole-souled
entertainment of the excursionists was
at an end.
The Dinuba people turned out en masse
to welcome the visitors, and the local
band played its. most enlivening strains.
Carriages were waiting and a drive to
the newer country of vineyards and al
falfa fields to the west was taken before
noon. This drive extended four miles
west, two south and thence back to the
town. The old '76 ditch, now owned by
the Alta Irrigation District, was inspect
ed. Among those who drove the visit
ors about were W. B. Nichols, E. Barris,
H. Nordheim, Emil Seligman, W. P.
Boone/E. C. Dickey, H. D. Hagen, Harry
Hurst, editor of the Alta Advocate: F.
H. Wilson. Edward Miller, W. P. Fulton
and G. W. Osterhout.
The excursion left Porterville at 9
o'clock. The special car had been taste
fully decorated by the women of Porter
ville and boxes of oranges and grape
fruit stowed in it for the refreshment of
the departing guests. At Lindsay and at
Exeter the hosts of the day previous
were in waiting with other boxes of their
choicest citrus fruits.
The run to Dinuba was made In an
hour with but one disturbing incident. An
excited section foreman held up the
train, mistaking the special car for tha
pay car.
W. B. Nichols of Dinuba, who had been
with the party from the time of its ar
rival at Visalla, and at all points most
attentive to the comfort of the excur
sionists, became host In chief as his own
town was approached. Charles J. Carle
of Lindsay boarded the train at that
town and remained with the party until
the departure from Sultana in the after
noon.
FRESNO, May 25.— The deciduous fruit
region around Dinuba occupied the major
portion of the attention of the San Fran
cisco business men's excursion to Tulare
County to-day. The visitors were royally
entertained by the Dinuba people and
were given a drive of twenty miles
through orchards, vineyards and alfalfa
field, the wonderful productiveness of
which was evident to the most skeptically
inclined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Francisco Business
Men Visit a Rich
Region.
TULARE GIVES
GOODLY GREETING
Professor Walter Miller had been In the
faculty since the opening years of- the
President Jordan was equally reticent
In regard to the matter, saying that he
had nothing whatever to say that has
not been published.
PRESIDENT IS SILENT.
"Enough has been said for the present,"
he remarked, "and unless further state
ments are made by the other side I shall
decline to make public anything further,
as such publicity tends to Injure the uni
versity."
It is understood that the vacant places
will be filled by promotion and by secur
ing new men. Probably Professor Fair
clough, who was prominent in the pro
duction of the Greek play, "Antigone,"
will be given the chair of Latin to succeed
Professor Pease. Professor Pease when
interviewed this afternoon declined to
make any further statement in regard to
the resignation than was published in The
Call yesterday.
CAUSE OF RESIGNATION.
• This action caused bitter feeling be
tween Professor Miller, who greatly op
posed and resented the action, and some
of the others, including Professor Pease.
So great was the enmity engendered that
Professor Pease and Professor Miller have
not spoken to each other for some time.
This dissension in the department was un
doubtedly the cause for the voluntary
resignation of Professor Miller and
apparently for the enforced resigna
tion of Professor Pease. Professor
Pease held the chair of the Latin depart
ment and Professor Murray, that of Greek,
Professor Miller having the title of pro
fessor of classical philology but not being,
of late, the head of a department.
"This resignation," said Dr. Jordan,
"while doubtless the outgrowth of friction
within the department was wholly volun
tary and at ms own instance." '~;
The personal relations existing between
President Jordan and Professor Miller, it
is believed, are and have been very ami
cable. The main cause of the resignation
seems to have originated at a meeting of
the professors of the three classical de
partments, Greek. Latin and classical
philology, held two years ago, at which
a majority of the professors decided on
the abolition of the department of classi
cal philology, of whicn Prpfessor Miller
was the head. , .
Professor Miller is at- present in Europe,
where he has spent the college year just
closing. His resignation has been In Dr.
Jordan's hands for over a year, but had
not been accepted previously. President
Jordan when seen to-day said that Pro
fessor Miller had presented his resigna
tion some time ago as an act, in his judg
ment, "desirable in the interests of the
university." .
the university, and his resigna
tion has been accepted by President
Jordan.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May
25.— Walter Miller, professor of
classical philology and secretary
of the faculty, r&s resigned from
5
\2". AD VERTISSMENTS.
TELEPHONE w WffB jg
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Last Special Sale
. Come and see all the bargains we
sell this week. AH odds and ends will
be sold at and telow cost.
On Friday, May 30, we shall close
our store, and thereafter all bu'siness
will be transacted at
GOLDBERG, BOWEN & GO.'S
232 SUTTER ST.
AH this week till Fri-
day JO per cent reduc-
fion on our entire stock
In every department — this includes
Butter and Eggs— except on Sugar,
Flour, Coal Oil, Champagne, Min-
eral Water, Beer, Ale, Porter and
Listerine.
OUH DEPARTMENTS:
Grocery Household
Coffee and Tea Perfumery
Delicacy Cracker & Cand j
Liquors Cigars .
All-wool Suits to Order }j^
Fino Dressy Suits to
$20.00. ¦ il|lln|-
Pants $4.50 up. ¥fS|i|||
Joe Poheim,^r^^
THE TAILOR, \lpff
1110 and 1112 Market St. j|M
201 and 203 Monfy St. Wffl
143 South Spring St., Wa ****?£*%
Los Angeles. Jim*^r^^
Perfect Fit Guaranteed
or No Sale. fJiS*^
m has a p r 0 f e s s i 0 nai h
B frame fitter to keep S
M your glasses in shape H
S at absolutely no charge B
W^^^^ketStJW
* /
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in ' use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
¦ ,_ Power, . Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desire*. Lame Back,
Nervous -Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, — , —^ Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner *^ ff^l rous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are 2^mZ^ immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote C CE»T» ncy toevery func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free i
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St "
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO . 38
and 40 Third at.
DR.PIERCES I
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS. |
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
- Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovri'di Local
Dally Daily Dally Dall^
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20a 9:00a 8:00p 4:20p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:80 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Visalla... 8:3i)p 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p B:20 p 7:45 a
••'¦•• Kan^City 2:40a 7:3Oa
" Chicago. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. .
- 9:00 a. m. train is the California 'Limited,
carrying Palace Bleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. is . the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily..
. . 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market street and In Perry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. "
""north shore railroadT~
¦ Via Sansn.lt to Ferry, .
Commencing April 'il, 1902
FROM FRANC^CO a T f O a MU^ Via«
0:45. 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m.^oe," '**£
run to Mill Valley. , ' '
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, »0:00. »10:00 11-00
11:30 a. m., 12:30, -1:30, 2:30, '3:45. oT6o « : oo'
7:30 9:45. 11:45 p. m. • ' •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20 •6:20, 7:40. 8:15. *H:M
11:00 a. m.. 12:25, 2:1*. «3:30, 4:40. 5:30, aiia
10*15 p. m. . ",
, SUNDAYS— C:00.»3 .-00, 9:30. *ll:00 a. m
•12 :00 m., 1 :00, 2 :15, »3 :30. 4 :15. »3 :45 6 •«.'
7:30, 10:15 p. m. ¦ * ~
Trains marked (•) »tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:48 . 8:25 9^45
11:10 t. m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:l5. 5:«f. "lio"
10:15 P m. . ¦' >v
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55, 10:05. li:io a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:05, 7:15. 10u6
P ", m " ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m- week days — Cazadero and way
Btatlons. ! _ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦-¦¦¦•
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. „ .
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomalea and way station*. "
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way
station*. ' - ¦ ' . .
10:00 a. ' m. Sundays — Point Reyes and Way
stations. - • ¦ "..•-;.
' Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time. .¦¦¦.. i ' - • . v_\-.--.-
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave . Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive .
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. .
Week Sun- „.,„„„*„.„„ Sun- Week
Days. days. -^ dayr^ Days.
9:30a. 8:00 a. nbinim ,««. MT:S0 l>:15 p. 9:15a.
5:15 p. 10:00 A. _ _ . _ ,-,. 3:30 p. 5:55 p.
......... 1:30 p. TIHRI OF TWILPKJ- 6:5 o P ...
....:.... 2:30 P. Oya^ltbtTttrnmnd. ¦ 8:15 P. .....„..'
1 - SlTU83JkY$ ML!— U*». Inm t-.X) r. *rrlv. S.o FraneUeo Jl J5 r.
. Ticket OOmi. Oil MAB&ST HTSX£? iaJ SACSAiiTO FK2UIZ.
V u'M EDfl E^4 63 R9 Ks |Bb 's " ' BBn Em kltt wjn E£m 3J? -
I ••••*•§ TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY, f"* |
I e09999999999Q99G9&999999999999999999999WQ9 . \
• • Every person contracting to take The Call for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET OP J
• "OUR ISI ANUS AND THFIR PEOPI F" «
% Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. J Expressage at subscriber's expense. <
9 Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of 915. <
J AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVBBY LIBBAEY! «
| AN ORNAMENT TO ANY DRAWING BOOM! \
I A SOURCE OP INSTRUCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de- <
• lights of travel without its inconveniences. ' , *
I THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. V v - 1
I AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. J
I ',-¦ ~ ' .' '• * INTRODUCED BY ¦ J
I MAJOR«QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, j
{ • UNITED STATES ARMY. j
| With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by |
J JOS HI DE pLIVARES r J
9 • The Noted Author and War Correspondent. i
9 Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian J
t . ¦ '¦ ' ¦ : .- --Stories.* •..-: ••! -. ..* . .- !
• EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE <
I PEOPLE ANDTHE ISLANDS' LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII i
I AND THE PHILIPPINES;* ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- «
I / TIONS, HOMES OF THE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- J
Z PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, }
I RIVERS, • VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM- \
5 - PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- ' \
> ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE <
| ! PICTURED PAGE. ( <
| With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor, 2
> Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as \
\ they now exist. ¦ ;' ., *
! ¦'.,¦' ¦ .. . Edited and- arranged by ' : /\V:1 / i i
I ; "W 0^ . S : B tt rst JL 3ST ; J
t Author of "Footprints of the World's' History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War ; for Hu- 5
-> ' manity," Etc., Etc. * ' f ' : 2
>, PHOTOGRAPHS BY ' ¦ i
I WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED. W. FOUT, GEO. E. POTTER AND OTHERS. J
J ! : ' COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. . .'": <
I REGULARPRICE $rs.oo PER;SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. J
> Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps. I
) B.— Only subscribers to Daily Call are; entitled ;td these books at premium rate: All mail orders |
i niusybe accompanied by $3.26, and books will be shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be \ paid by (
> subscriber at destination., I '~ 1 - > \- . v.' ¦ ''' • i
AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRO BATHS
Will Open Nights On and After
Saturday, May 31, 1902.
¦-¦:.*•
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
£?& &* fea
NEXT TUESDAY,
May 27th, at 11 a.m., /
1 WILL SELL ".
FIFTY FINE HORSES,
Weighing from 1C00 to 1300, sired by Almont-
tion (2:2414). Bay Rose (2:20%), Beau Brum-
mel t2:ltiV4) and Alonzo Hayward (2:30), out
or choice Trotting: Mares. They were bred at
the Alisa! and San Marcos ranches, Santa Bar-
bara, and include many fine drivers, as well
as well-matched teams. All of these were
raised in the mountains and have the best of
constitutions. Just the kind that will not
wear out. Send for cataloeue.
The attention of liverymen and all who use
horses In business is called to .these well-bred
horses. A smoother lot of batter formed one«
has not been offered in years. .. .
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
WM. Q. LAYXG. Auctioneer, 246 Third st.
£a fe £*
Auction Sale
Of fhs Seas:n at i!40 Folsom St.
T0-M0BR0W,
TUESDAY, MAY 27,
11 a. m., I will sell the entire contents of tha
San Francisco Horso and Buggy Exchange,
consisting: of all styles ot camp, express, ped-
dling and grocery wagons, carts, rubber tire,
top and business buggies of all styles, and over
fifty «et.i of single and double harness 20 cheap
horses, suitable for camping and peddling; also
two carloads of the best all-purpose horses that
ever were offered at auction: all sound and gen-
tle, to don't miss this sale; one chance in a
lifetime to set Just what you are locking for
for a Uttie money.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and arc due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Lino. Foot of Market Stret)
I.XATB — F»om April 20, 1903. — ambit*
j 7.00a Benlcls. Suisun, Elmlra and Sacra-
ments ¦ 6-55r .
7.00a Vacavllle, Winter*. Ramsey. 7.55*
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vsllejo,
>*aps. Callstogo, Santa Rosa 6.25*
8.00a DaTU, Woodland, Knlghta Landing,
Marysvllie, OroTllie 7-88F
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles. Lathrop. Stockton 7.2Sr
8-OOa Niles. Mendota, llauford, Vlaalla,
Portervllle 4.55*
8-30a Shan til Express— Davis. William s
(for Bsrtlett Springs), Willow s.
Red Bluff, Portland 7.55?
8.30a San Jose. LlTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Plscerrllle,
MsrysTille. Chlcs». Red Bluff 4-25r
8.30a Oakdiile.Chlnese.Sonora.Tuolumne 4.25i*
9.00a Vallejo.. ,. 12.25*
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Truer, Lathrop.Stockton, Merced.
Karmond.Fresoo and Los Angeles 8-25 a
9.30 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7-S5r
MO.OOa Hsyward, Nlles and Way Station*. 1 12-65*
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Omaha, Chicago......... 5.25*
t?.00r Sacramento River Steamers. tii.CO*
300* Benicla, Winters. Sacramento,
-* "Woodland, Kniglita Landing,
MarysTille. Orovillo 1055*
3-30p Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.53*
4.00* Martlnez,San Ramon. ValleJo.Napa.
Caliatoga. Santa Rota 9.25a.
4.00* NHes. "Lirermore. Stockton. T^odl.. 12.23*
4.30* Huywanl.Xlles.SanJoKe.LlTftrmora tS.S&A
4.30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare,
Bakersueld, S.iugus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.65a
6.00? PortCost«,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 13.25a
6-00* Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Raymond, Fresno........... 12.25*
t5.30* Nlles Local 725a
6-00* Hsyward, Nilea and San Jose 7.55a
t6.00* Vallejo 11.25*
6. OOP Oriental Mai]— Ogden, Dearer,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 425*
7.00p San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez,
and Way Stations 11.25a
t700* Vallejo..: 755*
8.05* Oregon Sc California Express — Sac-
ramento, Maryavllle. Redding.
Portland, Pneet Sound and East. 8.55 a
$9.10* Hayward and jflles $11-55a
COAST LINE (Sarrow fl,nge).
• (Foot of Marlcot Street.)
17.45a Santa, Crnz Excursion 18-05*
8-1 6a Newark. Centervllle, San Jose, „ -
Felton. Boulder Creek, Sant»
Cruz and Way Stations..... 6.50*
12-15* Xewarfc, Centenrtlle. San Jose,
- New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Stations 10.60a
4.15* Kewark. San Josr. Los Gatos. tfl.50A
64.15* San Jose. Los Gatoa. Santa Crn»... c8-60a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8>
— t7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 5.15 r.x.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 i3:00
tS:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Oa^e^
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations. 8.40a
t7.00a San Jose and Way Stations..... ... t8-00a
7.00a New Almaden.. /4.10*
17.15a. Monterey Excursion $3.30*
800a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
GUroy, Salinas, San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
8.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos. Santa. Cruz.
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Lais
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations i 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8 38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
ai.30* San Jose and Way Stations a7.00*
t2.45* San Mateo. "Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose. Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Paclflo
Grove WMSa
3-30? SanJose, Del Monte, Pacific Grore,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations.... 7.30*
f4.15* San Jose and PrlnclpalWar Station* 630*
tS-OQr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t900A
6.30* San Jose and PrtnclpalWay Station* 6.30*
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7.00* New Orleans Express— San Lnis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Lot An-
treles, Deminsc. El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East. 10.30a
«11-45p San Jose and Way Stations ¦ _
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t 8unday excepted. t Snnday only.
a Saturday only. c Monday only. I
» Saturday and /Tuesday aad Friday.
8onday only. .
CALIFOfiNIA NORTH WESTERN &I. CO
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron VeTTty, Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. ro.. Thursdays— Extra trta
. at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips M
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3d
r.:00 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:00. 9:20. 11:1S
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:i«.
4:85. 0:05. 6:23 p. m. ¦ ¦- - *
Leave . [ "In Effect 1 Arrtr*
San Francisco! May 4. 1902. |Saa Francisco -
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I W«efc
Days. I day*. | tlon. | daya. | Day*.
7:3Ga 8:00a Ignaclo 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:4t a 10:20 a>
0:10 p 5:00 p Novato «:09 p 6:20 »
P. i ¦ 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa. 7:35 p 0:20 p
"Pulton ' |
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburff 10:4O a
Lytton
GeyserviHe-
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdalo 7:33 p 6:20 p
7:30 a[ 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| B.OOpi TJhlah . | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 at. WUltta \ 7:33 pf 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevllU I 7:35 p|10:20 a,
8:30 pj 6:00 p) |lO:40 af 8:20 p
7:30a| 8:0Oa| Sonoma |9:10a| 8:40a
6:10 p| 8:00 p| Glen Ellen ( 6:05 p} 8:20 p
• 7:30 al 8:00 at Sebaatopol 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30 p| 5:0Qp|- | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fuiton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Booneville; al
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kels»yvlll«, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uktah for VJc!»y
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake Paroo,;
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
BuckceM's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"s
Hot Springs. Half-way House. Comptche.
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Menioclno City. Fort
Bragg,- Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Sher-
wood Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cuxnmings.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at
reduced rates. . ¦
¦ On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlclt
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
:.'-.. Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Aft.
AUTJSEMEirTS.
# EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
w MATINEE SATrUDAT AT 2 SHARP!
DON'T FORGET*. This is the FOURTH and
LAST WEEK of the Most Charming
of Operas,
THE
SINGING GIRL
•Wednesday. May 2S— MISSION REBEKAH
LODGE BENEFIT.
MONDAY. June 2— The Famous Favorite,
••the: toy m/\KEF*.»»
rOPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9
¦ — . — . a
vaudevillTmagnates.
Peter F. Dailey and Company; Stuart
Barnes; Two Little Pucks; 8 Pin-
chiani Sisters; Midgley and Car-
lisle; Lotta Gladstone; Little Elsie;
Dooley and Fowley and the Bio-
graph.
/.PEGIAL aATINEEJJECORATION DAY.
Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box !
SScits and Ooera Chairs, 50c.
4T^^T H EAT R E? fA r
TO-NIGHT — LAST WEEK.
The Successful Fun-making Farce,
Brixton Burglary 1
SPECIAL FEATURE THIS "WEEK.
BROWNE'S JUVENILE RAGTIME
FLORODORA SEXTET.
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAT,
FRIDAY. MAY 30.
PUffCC Evenings— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c and 75<
liHvLJ Matinees— 15c 25c, 35c and 50c.
5 * B asstanrajut
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS TVEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAY.
(Next Friday.)
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production oi the Melodramatic Suc-
cess cf Two Continents.
Hands Across
4. the Sea.
Strong Cast— Fcenic Effects cf Rare Magnitude.
I KJf F^ Evening? 10c to 50c
lUivLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 23c
Xext Wfek-"SIDEWALKS OF NEW YORK."*
Powell Street. Near Market.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK. Including
Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY. •
KATHRYN
KIDDER
In a Notable Revival of David Gar-rick" s
Comedy,
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Management of Georee H. Brennan.
SPECIALLY SELECTED CAST, headed by
Norman Hackett, Robert V. Ferguson. T. C.
Hamilton and Monroe Salisbury.
PRICKS $1 50. $1. 75c. 50c. g5c
SPECIAL DECORATION DAT MATINEE
FRIDAY. MAY 30.
USUAL MATINEES SATURDAY & SUNDAY.
To-nlcht and Every Evening This Wee]*. '•
Notable Starring Engagement of
MAUDE FEALY
In the Original Version of
"THE LITTLE MINISTER."
Founded on J. M. Barrie's Charming Novel.
f First Time on Any Stape at
jPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
NEXT WEEK— "MY LADY DAINTY."
ANOiKliil BitJ WKKK AHEAD.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
IlBSSffi THURSDAY gg c c s t
o ©
BY PUBLIC DEMAND.
Mr. James Neill & Co.
Presenting all this week Sol Smith Russell's
Comecjy Success,
A BACHELOR^ ROMANCE
ICert — SUNDAY NIGHT.
THE RED KNIGHT
By Goorpe H. Broadburst.
SEATS THURSDAY.
FiSCher's Theater.
\
There : : A Few
Are : : Seats
Still : : Left
FOR THE EIGHTH WEEK,
Which begins to-ni«rht, but don't blame us
if you have to stand. We told you to get
seats in time, and now is the time, for
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Will compel "STANDING KOOM" only for a
long time to come.
To-nirht MAUDE AMBEIt Sing* "MY
DREAMY LOU." the latest and prettiest song,
and there will be other new things.
DECORATION DAY MATINEE ON FRIDAY.
'IHE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERy"aFTERKOON AND
EVENING.
C^£f^£r>£ KI ?, L EWIS; DAVIS AND DE
/vn^T-lnl^'" VANE; BYRNii
££Pt^ EST V Ma *-DE AND GLADY8 SOR-
£o^n6 pfcf&nJ^ 10 * 158 ' and * EW -
A Host of Attractions on tin Grounds.
RIDE THE MILE SCENIC RAILWAY
AMATEUIt NIGHT THURSDAY!
Admission 10c Children 6c
Phone for Seat* — Park 23*. * * " "¦ *
Pfll/IC-ft Desirable location,
l. uiuw onsurpassed cuisine..
- u a equaled ser-
siflH *" cc and modern
Uliu conveniences arc the;
« 1 attributes that have
I FT/? fin made these two h °-
Ul a llil tels popular with
f it . * tourists and travel-
lirtiPlC tn who San
11UIW13 Francisco.THE -'• CALL'S CARICATURIST
DEPICTS SOME AMUSING I
- THINGS OF. BALI/ GAME. ~
Large Attendance of Bod-Wielders at
Regular Club Contests on Stow
Lake, Golden Gate Park.
The regular contests of the San Fran
cisco Fly-castine Club were held yester
day at Stow Lake, Golden. Gate Park,
under adverse weather conditions. Six
of the members sent out more than 100
feet of line. The official table follows:
Athletes Tramp Across Country.
Thirty members of the Occidental Ath
letic Club, under the leadership of Cap-"
tain J. Condon, walked from Mill "Valley
to .West Point yesterday . over the Marin
County foothills! Among the pedestrians
were: y v
W. A. Collins, V. Hayes, J. Kenneaiy, A.
McDermody, W. Fisher, G. Kelly, J. Griffon
C. Barry. J- Condon, G. B.'Hayward, H. Cory,
G. Cunningham, J. D. Mahoney, C. Johnson,'
F. P. Haynes, E. Johnson, A. Collins, W.
Reilly, F. Cooney. A. Fick. , R. Blake, T. J.
Lydon, R. Bone. R. ¦ Druham, W. Ganey, F.
Framer, F. Meyers, A. Woelf ee, W. Miller and
J. Hanley.
FLYCASTEBS SUCCEED •
IN MAKING LONG CASTS
The clambake and sports of the San
Francisco Yacht Club at Paradise Cove
yesterday were eminently successful.
Several of the yachtsmen cruised up on
Saturday night from Sausalito and made
a big bonnre, around which they sat,
telling etories and singing songs until 3
o'clock yesterday morning. More beats
went up to the cove yesterday, and prep
arations were made for a big clambake.
After the alfresco luncheon there were
eports of various kinds, aquatic and terra
iinna. The swimming race was won by
W. H. Young, and the tub race by W.
W. Haley, ln addition to these events
there were boxing contests, partnership
races and tugs of war under the direc
tion of Professor George Miehling of
t he Olympic . Club. A blindfold boxing
bout created much amusement, as did a
fat men's race, which was won by A. G.
A. Mueller.
It had been intended to line up the
crews of the various yachts on the beach
and that at a | given signal they should
pull oft to their yachts, hoist sail, weigh
anchor and race down to their moorings
at Sausalito.
This part of the programme was not
carried out, as before the time for start
ing arrived, a gale had sprung up so
that some of the yachts dragged their
anchors, and the yachtsmen had . their
hands fuIL The yawl Tramontana, which
¦was anchored off chore, dragged for a
considerable distance. On' getting her
anchor up she sailed, away under bare
poles. Then a stay sail was set, and.
later, a jigger and jib. On the return
trip she ran aground in "a cove opposite
the quarantine station on Angel Island
on a falling tide, and remained there till
the flood tide floated her off. Nearly all
the yachts went out under double-reefed
mainsails.
Among the vessels at anchor. in Para
dise Cove yesterday were the flagship
Thetis, the sloops Surprise, Challenger,
Cygnus, Rover; Halcyon, Amigo, Sappho;
the yawls Tramontana and Phyllis; the
schooner Chispa; the sloops Anita, Violet.
"Witch, and the launches Edwina and
Rob Roy of the San . Francisco ; Tacht
Club: the flagship Edna, the sloops
Speedwell, Freda, Aeolus, Truant, Mig
non, Presto and the yawl Seven Bells of
the Corinthian Yacht Club, and the sloop
Occident of the California Yacht Club.
COLOBADO tiat.t, GAME
WTNDS TJP IH A BIOT
Negro Quarrels With. a White Man
and Narrowly Escapes Being
Lynched. ' -"4.
FLORENCE. Colo.. May 25.— A riot oc
curred after a baseball game here this
afternoon which nearly resulted in the
lynching of a negro named Jason "Wilson.
After the game between the Colorado
Kuel and Iron team and the Florence
Eagies. "Wilson, who was driving in a
buggy, tried to pass every one on the
crowded road. He ran into the buggy
occupied by Onnie Carroll, a local gam
bler, and the wheels of the two vehicles
became locked. Angry words followed,
and the two men got out of their buggies
and began to fight. The crowd closed
around them and began beating and kick
ing the negro. A half-dozen olBcers res
cued Wilson, but they had to draw their
revolvers to stand off the crowd.
Revolver handicap — J. E. Gorman 92; S. C
Hinkel 83. 84; J. Kuliman 81; H. Hinkel 77.
Silver medal — J. "W. Tompklns 83, 82 79 -78
78, 76, 75, 75. 72, 72. 72. '
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal shoot— First champion, second champion,
first and fourth classes, not won; second class
W. F. Garms 827; third class, William Gotts
chalk 311: best first shot, "William Gottschalk
24; best last shot. William Gottschalk 20.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol , Club, monthly
medal shoot, rifle: Gold medal — G. Tammeyer
219, 212. 209. 209, 208; W. F. Blasse 210 201;
J. Kuliman 193. Handicap — TV. F. Blasse 213
212; M. F. Blasse 206, 206. Glindemann
trophy— M. F. Blasee 209; W. F. Blasse 208.-
Pistol handicap — F. S. Warburn 91; J. Kull
mann SO, 76.
Company H, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — M. Alves
18. H. Smith 9. Sergeant W. H. Mallett - 34,
Corporal O. P. Stowe 27, S. . M. Tobln 37, Ber
geant J. U Swift 48, H. Cassens 28. John
Hunting 35, J. Guerrero 18. August Robrecht
22, F. M. McArdle 23, Corporal E. Reilly 24,
Captain T. W. Costello 37.
Company E, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Captain
J. H. Jordan 42, Lieutenant W. Weiser »9,
Sergeant T. Hurley 31 Sergeant E. Ervig 37,
Corporal F. Tully 41, Corporal S. Kennedy 31,
Corporal M. Reilly 46. C. Brothers 23, J. Dun
ning 17, T. Graham 19. J. Smith 19, S. Nicklet
28. P. King 21. J. Kerrigan 21, J. Lander 22,
Musician J. Hurley 34.
Company C, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Captain
F. K. Moore 49. Lieutenant H. Stolzenwald
26, Sergeant H. Bucking 21, Corporal C. Maas
burg- 40, Corporal George Paul 14, Corporal F.
Ldngge 31. Corporal R. Powers 38, T. Con
nolly 27, J. Cohn 27, A. ESirenpfort 42, H.
Fell 19, H. F«utren 37, L. Lemetyer 29, IJ.
Levy 14. B. Moore 35. O." Olson 24, J. O'Neil
25, O. H. Seyden 47. B. Stolzenwald 28, C. J.
Carroll 21, C. Dohrman 14, C. Brindupsky 31.
Company A. Flret Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal »hoot — Captain
O. T. Ballln^er 40, W. . H. -Brown 26, Thomas
Lind 31. T. Cunningham 24, . W. Herbst 18, F.
Delamater 9, A. Lipman 16, L. Neubaner 28,
J. McCarty 12. H. Ford 86, J. 0"Welk 89, Cor
poral J. G. Stahl SI, J. J. Hardie 40, J: B.
Kilcline 4, W. Gruefoyle 17. M. ! J. Duffy 40.
H. E. Shreve 11. G. McCrosky 13, Serjeant
W. Kays 16, J. Mllsner 30. J. J. Hubbert 16,
O. Lieb 27-
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot — William Garms 160, F. P. Schuster 514,
J. D. Heise 617, H. Huber 770, A. Jungblut
811. D. B. Faktor 841, J. Utschig 885, A. Geh
ret 1123.
The Ca.y'8 scores follow:
The other organizations present for reg
ular monthly contests were the Golden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club and Companies A, C, B
and . H of the First Infantry, National
Guard of California. • . '.-¦."",¦
The event of the day was the winning
of the Germania Club . bullseye shoot by
"William Garms. He is a veteran in the
use- of the rifle and the proud, owner of
many prize medals. The younger marks
men are fond of telling him he is a "has
been," but his 160-point bullseye yesterday
gave him the opportunity to say some
thing-, and * he 'did' not neglect' the chance.
The usual- large number of marksmen
were present yesterday at Shell Mound
rifle range. The /contests were all close
and honors were iiard to win. :
Crack Shots of Many Clubs
Pepper Targets at
Shell Mound.-
On Return Trip Boats Tear
Along Under Double
Reefs.
The Veteran Marksman
Shows He Is Still
Steady of Hand.
San Francisco Clubmen
Enjoy Luncheon
and Sports.
YACHTSMEN SAIL
IN PIPING WIND
GARMS SCORES
GOOD BULLSEYE
YACHTING, COURSING, BASEBALL, CRICKET, ATTRACT SPORTSMEN
JONES' COURSERS
WIN HANDILY
Capture First Three
Places in the Open
StclK©.
Flying Fox Beats Dewdrop
in Special Event at
Union Park.
After knocking at the door for a long
time Frank Jones put three winners over
the. plate yesterday at Union Coursing
Park.
Wedgewood and Lady Newark met in
the, deciding course, the former scoring
five points to the latter'a nothing. Tyrone
Prince was the third representative of tfcB
kennel to land inside the money, fiyi
bettors thought the Prince could outfoot
Lady Newark in the semi-final round and
laid 2 to 1 against him. The Lady won
out with a 4 to 3 score.
In the third round Lady Newark shut
out Musket, the 1 to 5 choice, pointless.
Mosq worked his way down to the semi
final round, defeating 1 among others Rural
Artist, a 1 to 2 favorite. -
In the special stake A. R. Curtis' Flylns
Fox^went through in excellent style. In*
the deciding course Dewdrop had a head
on collision with the Fox. The latter
was knocked down. There were several
collisions during the long course, which
the Curtis crack finally won.
The results of the day's coursing, with
Judge John Grace's official scores, follow:
stake4E. Geary's America beat G.
Sharman's Little Sister. 4-3; J. L. Ross* Game
Boy beat G. Sharman's Sir Pasha. 4-3; C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard beat J. L. Ross' Loyal
Lad. 24-10; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat
A. R. Curtis' Narcissus, 3-2: T. J. Cronln'a
Tralee Boy beat A. K. Curtis' Lost Chord 12-9;
E. Geary's Fannie Hughie beat B. Silvia's
Master Rocket, 3-1; J. L. Ross' Fontenoy beat
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud. 7-6; A. R. Cur
tis* Flying Fox beat P. M. Clarkson'a Golden
Garter. 4-2;. Chlarlnl Bros.' Dewdrop beat J.
Carroll's Cascade. 4-1; Chlartnl Bros.* San
tonin beat. E. Geary's Roy Hughle, 6-2; Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete beat A. R. Curtis"
Luxor. 4-3; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat F
Jodcs' Harlean Gladys. 22-7.
Second round — Game Boy beat America. 4-3*
Royal Archer a bye. Haphazard withdrawn:
Tralee Boy beat Fannie Hughie. 8-2; Flying
Fox beat Kontenoy. ¦ 7-2 ; Dewdrop beat Roman
Athlete. 8-1; Santonin a bye. Rocker with
drawn.
~ Third round— Game Boy beat Royal Archer.
6-5; Dewdrop beat Tralee Boy. 5-4; Flying Fox
beat Santonin. 6-4. ; .
Fourth round — Flying Fox beat Game Boy A
•8-2; Dewdrop a Bye. -~
Deciding course — Flying Fox beat Cewdrop,'
14-3.
Open stake — P. M. Clarkson's Flower of
Sold beat A. Van der White's Hot Sluss, 6-1;
P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat T. Mailer's Bad
Boy. 8-5; F. Jones' Wedsewood beat T. Jol
lejPs Tpronto. 6-0: F. Jones' Tyrone Prince a
bye. Terronette withdrawn; H. L. Mehany's
Roxana beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Peplta, 3-0;
F. Jones' Lady Newark beat D. Dillon's Chal
lenger. 12-3; J. Kitchen's Honor Brleht beat
T. Cox's Crockett Hill. 8-2; P. M. Clarkson'a
,M!ss Brummel beat Pasha Kennels' Resral At
tire, 3-1; A. "Van der White's Scotch Reel beat
S. A. Smith's Petronlus. 12-0; P. C. Blick's
Yellow Tail beat J. Hurley's RUey Grannan.
M; E. Geary's Fenil beat Pasha. Kennels' May
Hempstead, 5-3; P.- J. Horgan's Musket beat
A. R. Curtis* Dragon Fly, 6-0; Pasha Kennels'
1 Rural Artist beat E. Redd^s Full Moon. 4-3;
J. DemDsey's Jingle Bells Beat R. A. Frink'a
Fiery Friend. 4-3: Tosemlte Kennels' Mo -a
beat A. R. Curtis' Old Ironsides. 4-2; "W. C
Gold* Hllf" 8* 8< » Th * Jewes " ****¦ J-; 8eggerson'»
Second 'round — Wedxewood beat Flower ot
Gold, 4-0; Tyrone Prince beat Promote; 5-2'
Lady ,Newark beat, Roxana, 8-2; illaa Bnun
mel beat "Honor Brtzht, 6-1: Yellow Tail b»at
Scotch Reel. 16-3; Musket beat Fenil. 2-0; Ru
ral Artist bet Jinsle Bells, 6-4; Mose beat The
Jewess, 4-2.
»««»«— 'WedKewood beat Miss Brum
mel. 5-0; Tyrone Prince beat Yellow Tail. 5-0;
Rural BSgVT- «**•*•¦,»* Mos « «"*
N«w^rtl n |-0. COTI " e ~ W ' <1 " WOO<1 beat ' Lady
ho 0^,^ 6 * ° raUOn d , ay . aB O P« n 8tak 8 will
'«f n to / conclusion at Union Park.
For Saturday and Sunday a card of four
events Including the California Courata|
Committee stake, ls^being prepared.
Monterey Plans a New Park.
MONTEREY, May 25—The City Trus
tees of Monterey are taking: atep« to se
cure control of the Fort Halleck military
reservation, just outside this city, with a
view of converting it into a public^parA
J« e lt ar £,S bout twent y acres to the t?a^|
!? n »L hiI1 v overlooking the harbo" otf
Monterey, and the great natural beauty
?irpn?. Pla i c , e would ald ln making it an
exceptionally attractive park. Great in
terest in the project Is manifested here
Thomas, p. .8 0 0 "0" 0 4 -0
Totals .......... 2S 1. 2 0 24 15- 1
"RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento .....". .1 0 0 0 0. 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits 2 0 0 0.0.0 .0 0 0—2
Oakland ....0.00.0.0 3. 00 x— 3
.Base hits 0 0 0 0,-0 3.0 Ox— 3
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits — Hulen; Cristall. -First base'' on
errors — Oakland 1. Sacramento 1. First base
oil called balls — Off Cristall 6. off Thomas 2.
Left' on- bases — Oakland 3,. Sacramento 6.
Struck out — By Cristall-2, by Thomas 1. Time
of game — 1:35. * Umpire— McDonald. ' * •
CHAXJNCErr FISHER HIT. HARD.
' Chauncey Depew Fisher made his coast
debut as a pitcher in the morning game at
Oakland.: Ewing's dears; were- unkind^
enough to wallop, him- : all ( over the "lot,
for a total of ' nine runs and fifteen base
hits, ; five of which were corking two
bagers.. • Schmidt twirled for Oakland
and was wild at * times, but managed to
win out. ¦ .-•¦ ' '• ¦ ' - :¦¦.":..;
j The same large band of Oakland rooters
packed the grounds and- yelled themselves
hoarse I every time the home team did a
good stunt. Fisher looked, good till the
fourth,.when Oakland opened up on'him
with an avalanche of singles and doubles,"
which - would have j made | the great j Amos
Rusie turn andrun.. In ''all, seven runs
and eight hits were pounded ~ out * of
Chauncey's kind offerings and the trouble
j was settled then and there.". The score: %
'SACRAMENTO.*
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. J
Doyle; c. f ......... 1 3 1 2 0 3-20
Hulen, 2b..... .f 8 0 0 0 0 2 0
Sheehan, 8b ...V:6 11 0 2 6 0
Eagan,- s. s 4 1 1 0.1 1 2
Graham, c .'. /. 5 l'« 2 ¦ '• 0 2 1 1
Bone, r. f..... 3 1*1 1 1-0.0
McCreedle played a star game in right
field, capturing four flies. Two of them
looked good for two bags, but the lengthy
barrister was under them in a twinkling.
Francks work at short was of the usual
brilliant order. Mohler • at second and
Devereaux at third each accepted . some
difficult chances. Doyle • made f a one
hand circus catch- in the first in deep
centerfleld. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf. ......'..4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Mohler, 2b. 4 11. 0 2 4 0
Streib. - lb. 4 0 0 0 14 .1 0
McCreedie. rf. ...... 2 0,, 0 0 4 0 0
Devereaux, 3b. ...;.. 8 0 0. 0 ' 0 4 0
Dunleavy. If. ...... 2 0 0 0 2 0 1
Francks, s. s. 3 0 0 0 2 6 N -0
Lehman c. 3-1 1 0 2 1 0
Cristall. p. 2 0 0 0 1 3 0
Totals .27 3 3 .0.27 18 .1
SA.CRAilENTO.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Doyle cf, 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
Hulen, 2b. ......... 2 0 0 0 1 3 0
Shtehan, 3b. 2 0 00 14 0
Eagan. s. s 3 0 0.0 1 4 0
Craham, c. 3.0 1 0 8 0 0
Bone, rf. 4.0 0 0; 10 0]
Wsgner, t lf. ........ 4 -~0_ 0 0 .0 0 0
Hogan. lb. 3 0 0.0 15 0 1
Doyle, the first to bat for Fisher, lined
out a pretty single and Hulen sacrificed
him half way. Sheehan walked and pros
pects looked bright. Eagan forced Shee
han at second- and Doyle went. to third.
Graham sent in Doyle with the only run
for Mike, with a pretty single over sec
ond. After that it was all over/ Cristall
was mysterious in - the extreme ' and not
another hit was made off his erratic de
livery.
Ola Pete opened Oakland's sixth with
a clean drive over second and XJristall
sacrificed. He scored on "Walters' welU
placed hit over the % third bag,- "Walters
going to second on the throw in and
scoring on Mahler's single past short.
Mohler followed In the footsteps of Wal
ters and was there- with the last tally
when Hogan muffed Streib's hard ground
er, which passed on into right field.-
Clubs^- Played. Won. Lost. Per Ct.
Oakland 38 26 12 .684
Los Angeles "... 39 23 16 ¦ - .500
San Francisco 38 17 21 •'" .447
Sacramento..:. '37 10 27 "~. 270
Each club has played one tie game.
CAL EWING and his Oakland re
cruits spent the Sabbath Mn their
usual manner yesterday by wiri
ning both baseball games. They
closed the series by copping four
games from the carpetbaggers, losing one
and tying that famous nineteen-inning
affair. . . : . - .
- Nearly S000 lovers of the national pas
time visited the Eighth street : lot and
divided themselves into two rooting fac
tions. They kept kidding old Pete Loh-.
man and Pete actually took it all good
naturedly/ Brick Devereaux paraded on
the side lines and kept the crowd feeling
good by his quaint and original aritlca
throughout the game. Scores— Morning
9 to 6: afternoon, 3 to L ¦ ' '
The afternoon contest was a great
pitchers' battle between ' Thomas and :
Cristall. Both pitched masterly ball.
Cristall came out on top, notwithstanding
he gave six bases on balls. The Spnators
never could hit him and he was .backed
up by that brilliant infleld, which gob
bled up everything that happened to roll
around. : : ¦ .
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Movements of Steamers.
. NOTE— -In the above exposition of the tides
ths ¦ early ' morning ; tides are given In the left
hand column and ; the ¦ successive tides of the
day in the. order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth . time column gives the > last tide of the
day.. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. - The heights : given ax* In
addition. to th« soundinss of the United Suites
Conet Sur\-ey charts, except when & minus ( — )
sign. precedes the height, and then the number
given Is < subtracted' from the depth given by
th« charts.: The plane of reference is the mean'
of the lower, low, waters. . r
TO ARRIVE.
MONDAY,; MAY 26.
The barge . was set ; afloat against the ¦ ad
vice of competent seamen, who declared that
the swell, laehed - to .. fury .? by ; & lively gale,
would make a trip on the bay perilous. The
clubmen, whose names are . unknown. • persisted
in their design and made for ? Goat.' Island.
When ; the north elde s vu ' reached the barge
','"• The swamping -of ;the j South End .Rowing
Club's barge Excelsior, manned by a crew of
four. oarsmen and a coxswain, created some
excitement; along the water' front'/ yesterday.
The barge went ashore . on the north - side ' of
Goat Island, and but for the timely assistance
afforded .by Tucker' s launch * Snug the , crew
might hare been, drowned. " \ ¦ - - . • ~;z : •
Barge Is Swamped.
The navy transport Solace sails for Honolulu,
Guam j and Manila to-day with supplies for the
vessels . of the - navy stationed , in -,. the waters
named.' ., She will carry several passengers, In
cluding, naval officer^ , and ¦ civilians. • ,•
Solace ¦ Sails To-T>ay.
Arrivals ,i and j. T>epart;ires.
The National City* arrived from Fort Bragg
yesterday' -with 330.000 feet of lumber consigned
to the iUnion' Lumber Company..-" -•,'-•
i The steamer Coptlo sails to-morrow • for • the
Orient with | a good passenger, and' freight . list.
The steamer Curacao is : due 'from ¦ Mexican
ports to-morrow.- ; ; ,.. . * ,.
NEAH-iBAY — Passed out Mayy 25-^Stznr
Robert "• Dollar, • for Gan . Francisco ; * Jap * stmr
Kliusblu Maru, for Yokohama; bark Big Bonan
za, for Manila; Br Bhlp Scottish Hills, for Mel-.
! • SAN PEDHO-^Arrlvett May : Uo—brix xan
ner, < from ¦; Port z Blakeiey; ecnr NV j>- > WiUe
mann, from' Tacoma. ¦•- • . ..-..—¦ , '
: ASTORIA — Arrived May 25— Btmr Columbia,
from Ban Francisco. '• ' v "
SAN J PEDRO— Sailed - May • 25— Btmr ",. '. Coos
Bay, ; for . San - Francisco ; • schr Comet, -. t or ¦ Port
Townsend; schr Wawona, for Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE^-Sailed May, 24— Stmr Humboldt,
f or - Skajrway.' ' . : ¦ " . •- '..¦
Arrived May 24 — Stmr - Umatllla, hence ' May
21; stmr John S Kimball.: hence : May 20. : ;
SEATTLE — Sailed May 24— Bark - Big" . Bo
nanza, for Manlla.'%»^a^»si^^Bgg'^aB)ttotpBeafl
GRAYS HARBOR--Arrived May,-24-^Stmr
Chehalls. hence May 21. • ,. . • ..
WHATCOM— Sailed , May . 25— Bktn Willie' R
Hume, for San Pedro.-. -.. ¦ ,':;¦,¦.'..-,
PORT. ' HADLOCK— Bailed ':. May 28— Stmr
Santp' B«r>wrtt.' for iPun-P^ro, ¦ :¦'•;>
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. POINT LOBOS^-May , 25,r 10 p ; m— Weather
foggy; .wind S; velocity, 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED. ¦¦¦ ,",'.;
.. . Sunday, ' May 25.
U S S McArthur, 'Westdahl, cruise. '¦'
Stmr W H KniKer," Ahlln, Tlllamook.
. Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diesro.
Bark Santiago, Engalls, Hllo. -. .
Bark Tidal Wave, Davis, -Port Gamble.'
. Schr Jennie Tnelln, Hansen/ Grays Harbor.
. Schr Parkersbunr, Elllncsen, * Coquille | River.
: Schr Onward, Jorgenson, Coqullle River.
Barge : Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura, in
tow of tug Rescue. - • . ¦ > ' ; . '..'
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. ' Sunday, May 25.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours ¦ from Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay, Batchelder, — hours :• from
Coqullle River, via . Crescent City 34 hours. .',
. ¦ Stmr Luella, Olscn, 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 15 hours' from
Fort Bragg. ..' • — ' ¦ ' <c> > ¦
- Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka,
Stmr . Gipsy, / Swanson, 30 ¦ hours from. Moss
Landing. ::,.:•. i-w. ¦¦¦.¦¦ '•¦' -¦'>>• v- • -
Br ship Stronsa, Jones, 171 days from ' Glas-
Bow.-. ..¦ . '
was almost swamped and . the men hurled into
the water. The Snug was rounding the Island
at the time and the struggling boatmen were
thrown a line./ .They were rescued with diffi
culty, and: when brought to 1 this "city the party
presented a sadly bedraggled appearance. - The
barge is still .floating somewhere off the Island.
bourne.. Passed in — Stmr South Portland, hnc
May 20 for Seattle. • , . .. r •
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed out : May 25^-
Stmr ¦ Santa Barbara, for San Pedro via San
Francisco.. .. :- — ., ' ¦ - . • ¦- .- - ¦-;.,• ;
¦>. POINT REYES— Passed May 25, 6:30 p'm—
Stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro for Eureka. ' '
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 25— Stmr Se
quoia,* for ¦ San Francisco. , . . '
'NEW YORK— Arrived May 26— Stmr Colum
bia, • from Glasgow ; stmr Menominee, from
London ; stmr. Necar, .: from Naples ; ¦ stmr Pots
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr Umbria, from
Liverpool. ; - . , .. -
: . QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 25— Stmr ' Lu
canla, from Liverpool for New • York. . •
GIBRALTAR — Passed May 25— Stmr Hes
peria, from Marseilles, . Leghorn and v Naples
for New York. :. j - ' : . ,
GIBRALTAR— Sailed May: 25— Stmr Kaiser-'
in Maria Theresa, -from Genoa and Naples. for
New York. n ii i>_yli » u "i fill" i— ii^ljijl^n mjjII'i'
ISLE OP MAN— Passed May 25— Stmr Ll
vonlan, from Montreal' for Glasgow. ; :
HAMBURG — Arrived May 23 — Stmr Klaut
schou; from New York via . : Plymouth and
Cherbourg. . . :., ; .. . • . . ' . -,
LONDON— Sailed May !A-Stmr Montevl
dean, for Quebec and Montreal. : ¦.,<;¦.:
• SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed... May - 25 — Stmr
Moltke, . " from " Hamburg ' and . Boulogne-sur-
Mer-for r New Tork. ','.'¦ • - • '
Sun, ; Moon and Tide.
United States "• Coast - and ? Geodetic Survey-
Times .- and Heights - of - High and - Low
: ,¦ Waters • at Fort r > Point, : . entrance • • to San
Francisco > Bay. - Published by official ' au
; thority - of ; the ' Superintendent " :-r^i
NOTE— The hi^h :*. and : low , waters occur at
the .-; city t front V, (Mission-street "; wharf) about
twenty-Hve I minutes : later than<at Fort ; Point ;
the height of tide Is . the same at both ' places
TO SAIL.
2| 2:08| 1.0| 8:50| 4.0| 1:4SI2.3|. 8:11! 6.6
On the 8th the lamp in Captain Jones'
cabin exploded, causing. a fire which at
one time threatened the ship. As it was,
the cabin was gutted and many of Cap
tain Jones' valuables lost.; The remainder
of the Journey was a record of contrary
gales, rough seas and bad ; weather.
• v consigned to Meyer, Wilson ¦&
Co. The voyage was an unlucky one
from the outset. The ship sailed from
"Glasgow on November. 4, 1901, . and during
that night ¦ she collided with the - steamer
Ajax, losing her Jibboom and headgear.
She was obliged to' turn back for repairs,
and on December 6 another start was
made. Contrary • gales were encountered,
forcing the Stronsa to .dock at Belfast,
whence she sailed on January 1. • •
THE ;BrItish ship Stronsa, Captain
Jones, arrived- in port:- yesterday
171 days out from Glasgow, with
a cargo of general merchandise
: " : " ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Toman, s. s 6 1 ; 1 0 1 l o
Hannivan, 2b. 4 0 0 0 3 2 O
Waddell. 1. f........ 4 1. 2 0 -10 0
Householder, c. f.. .. 4 0 2 0 0 0-1
Reilly, 8b.; ...3 Oil 11 o
Glbbs, r. f........N 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Roach, c....-.v. ..... 4 0 0 0 6 10
Hanlon, lb .:...3 1 2 0 9 0 0
»'t .........'. .'•"••;¦'.¦'."¦.'.- . . . 1 . „
Morning Game.
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, May . 25.— Los Angeles
took both games to-day, the morning
game requiring an extra inning, besides
creating a great deal •: of excitement
among the- players as well as ; the spec
tators. The tenth inning began with the
score 2 'to; 2. Hanlon lined out. a safe
hit over second, base and Jones followed
with a short grounder to Nordyke who
threw to McNichols.' He failed to hold
it and both ¦. Hanlon and Jones were safe.
Toman struck out. . Hannivan sent" a
grounder to Holly, who fumbled; ; allow
ing Hanlon to. reach third. Jones started
for second base but changed his mind or
I became rattled and returned to first. The
ball was thrown to second and O'Connell
called, both Jones and Hannivan, the lat
ter having reached first, out. In the
meantime, ; Hanlon scored. O'Cpnnell's
decision, if allowed to stand, 1 would have
made three out and no runs. Immediately
the Los. Angeles players and ? Manager
Morley rushed on the field, followed by
the crowd from the bleachers. For a
time matters looked squally for O'Con
nell. Three policemen protected him un
til the crowd had : cooled down and left
the field. The game was declared won by
Los Angeles. 'It appears to have been a
case of rattles or mistaken judgment on
the part of 'O'Connell.. v~
'• The afternoon game was " all fWaddell's
He made a home run - and two two-bag
gerg besides doing some startling fielding
in left field. Slagle kept the \ hits scat
tered so well that the visitors could not
land a man over the home plate. Score*
WADDELL'S BAiTTXNXJ STREAK.
Wagner, 1. t. ....... 3 1 1-0 3 0 0
Hogan, lb. 4 0 1 0 11 1 0
Fisher, p.... :....... 3 , 0 00 0 00
Dowllng, p 0 0 00.10 0
Totals .83 ~6 9 1 24 12 3
OAKLAND. . .
' \ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c.f.. 4 110 10 0
Mohler, 2b 8 1 2 0 2 2 2
Streib. lb.. ..4 12 0 11 10
McCreedle, r. f...... 5 2 2 0 2 0 0
Devcreaux, 8b & p.. 1 0 0 0 2 2 1
Dunleavy.l. f......5 0 3 1 10 0
Francks, a. s... 5 11:0 4 2 0
Ix>hrnan, c^ 6 22 0 4 4 0
Schmidt, p. & 3b.'.. 3 12 0 0.2 1
Totals ....I... ..35 9 15 1 27 13 4
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento. 2 00002 0 2 0—6
Base hits 3 0.0 1 0 3 110—9
Oakland 0 0 07 1 0 0 1 x— i)
Base hits ......0 .12 820 02 x— 15
. SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Doyle. Two-base ' hits —
Schmidt. -Dunleavy, Lohman, -Mohler, Doyle,
McCreedie. Sacrifice hits — Streib. Devereaux 2,
Schmidt. First base on errors — Sacramento 3.
Oakland 2. First base on called balls— Off
Fisher 3, off Schmidt" 8. Left on bases—Sac
ramento 0, Oakland 11. ¦ Struck out — By Fisher
1,' by. Schmidt 4. - Hit by Ditcher — Mohler, Dev
ereaux., Double plays — Doyle to Sheehan; Loh
man to Devereaux; Streib to Francks. Passed
balls— Lohman 2.: Time of .game — One hour
and 55 minutes. |< Umpire— McDonald. '
SHIP STRONSA IN PERIL DESTRUCTON BY FIRE AND STORM
Jones, p. ............ 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Totals 34 3 0 1 SO 1 1
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McNichols. > 2b 30 0 0 2 2 v 1
McHale, \. t 4 0 0.0 2 0 O
Nordyke, lb ..'5 0 0 0 T 1 0
ShuRart, 3b 5 O 0 0 S 10
Leahy, c. 5 0 3 0 4/0 O
Holly, s. s.... .4 11 0 1 2 0
Lawler, r.' f......... 2 1 1 0-2 0 0
Delma8. c. f. ....... 3 0 1 0 4 1 0
Glendon, p... 3 ' 0 1,0 1 3 1
-.-'¦ Totals- ..........34 2:7 0 *28 10 2
i Toman out on bunted third strike. Two
out when winning run .was scored. - .
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. 5
Los Angeles.... 1 0 00010 0 0 »1— 3
Base hits..... 3. 00 1 110^11 ! 1— 9
Ban Francisco.. 0 0001 O'l O 0 0 2'
-Base hits.....O 1»O 1:2- 0 2 1 0 0—7
,.' SUMMARY..
Home run— Waddell. Two-base hits— Han-
Ion, Leahy. Sacrifice hits — Rellly, Hannlvan,
Jones, Lawler. Delmas. First base on called
balls— Off Jones 5, oft Glendon 1. Left * on
basest-Los Angeles 5, San Francisco 8. Struck
out — By Jones 3, by Glendon 4. Double play
Hanlon unassisted. .. Time of nun«— On« hour
and 40 mlnues. Umoire — O'ConnelL
Afternoon .Game.
LOS ANGELES.
" AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, B. 8. 3 8 0-0 2 6 0
Hannlvan, 2b ...... 4 ' 1 2 0 1 2'1
Waddell. I. f 4 13 0 2 0 0
Householder, c. f. ... 3 0 0 0 1 0 - 0
Reilly. 3b. ....3 0. 0 0 8 8 0
Glbbs, r. f.. 4 0 1 0 0 • 0
Roach, c ........... 3. 0 0 0 4' 1 0
Hanlon. .lb. 4 0 1 0 14 1 0
Slagrle, p 4.0 1 0 . . 0' . 3 .. 0
Totals :....;.^...32 6 8 0 27 li ~1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McNichols, 2b. 4 0 1-0 5 5 6
McHale. l.f. ....... 4 0 2 0 '3 »0';l
Nordyke, lb. ........ 4 0 1 Oil O 0
Shugart. Sb. .'....... 4 0 1 0 0 3 2
Leahy, c. ............ 4 0 2 10 0 0
Holly, s. s. 4 0 0 0 3 3 0
Lawler. >r. f. ....... 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Delmas, c. f. .....:. 4 0 . 0 0 2 0 0
Meredith, p. , '3 o 0 0 0-21
•Kane 10 0 0 0 0 0
• Totals ............36 0 9 ' 1 24 13 ~l
•Kane batted for Meredith.
Hi RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles ... . .1 0 3 - 0 %. 1 0 0 0 x B
Base hits 113 0 11 1 0 x 8
San Francisco ...0 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 0—0
Base hits..:,... 1 1 2 0 2 1110—0
SUMMARY: ~
Home . run' — Waddell. . Two-base hits
Waddell 2, McHale, Shugart. First base
on errors — San Francisco 1. First base on
balls— Off Meredith 3. Left on bases— Los An
geles 7, San Francisco 8. Struck out By Sla
gle 3. Hit by pitcher — Toman; Double plays
McNichols to Nordyke 2. Passed ball Leahy
Time of ;&ame— One hour and 40 minutes!
Umpire— O'Connell. - . ¦ "
Owing to* the strong wind and the wave
of cold -weather which swept . over. Ingle
slde yesterday: the attendance at the reg
ular monthly shoot of the Golden Gate
Gun Club was exceptionally light. " There
were but eight entries in the club, event.
Accurate shooting was rendered practical
ly Impossible by the wind, which blew, the
birds in the most unexpected directions.
Nauman, who. won* first money in the club
shoot, was the- '.only '...one to make a
straight score in that event. In shooting
up a back score Otto Feudner also made
fifteen without a miss. In the club con
test Feudner, "Slade". and Murdock all
made fourteeii and divided second, third
and fourth money. Murdock and Feudner
did not miss, but their birds, unfortunate
ly, fell dead out of ; bounds. After tb«
club contest three : six-bird pools were
shot. The scores made in the club shoot,
which was a flf teen-bird, race, ..were as
follows:
M. O. Feudner.... 1 111111 11 1*1 1 2 1—14
Shields 112'21111'HM 1—12
"Slade" ... ...22120111111121 1—14
A. Roos •12120101*1011 • — 8
Murdock 2,1 111121122*21 2—14
Nauman 11122212112111 1—15
Derby t 11211110120211 1—13
McConnell ... 01112 22 10112111—13
'Back scores: ¦ . . ¦•¦• .¦¦•¦¦ - ¦+¦ .--". ¦-_
A. Roos ...... .V. 2 1 • 1 0 0 0 2 0 1 0 1 1 2 2— 9
O. Feudner = ..12222221221212 2—15
A. Roos . . . . . .7. . .1 1210*10122120 0—10
First six-bird pool scores:
Donohoe ....212 201—5
O. Feudner.......... ..1 2 2 2 10—5
Derby... ..;..... .1 2 2 2 2 1—6
McConnell.... .. 10 11 2 1— 9
Shields 1 2 11-11—6
"Slade" .. .0 1 2 12 0—4
Murdock ......." 2 1 12 1 1 — 6
Nauman .. 2 112 11—6
Second six-bird pool event; scores:
Donohoe..... .2 -2 %'¦ % 2 1 — 6
O. Feudner ;... 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
McConnell 2 1111 0—0
Derby ....% 12 2 2 2 1—6
Nauman 2 22 • • 1 — *
Murdock ..1 2 1 .2 1 2—6
'Third six-bird pool event; scores:
McConnell .1 111* 1—5
Feudner.. . 1 2 2 2 2 1—6
Donohoe,. 1 2 2 • © 2—4
Nauman 1 12 2 1 2—6
Derby .....11 2,2 12 — 6
Murdock 1 2 1112-^-6
• — Dead out of bounds. ;- •":..:
2— Second barrel. .
High-Wind and Gold Weather
. Keep Shooters From
the Trapa
Makes Straight Score in
Principal Event at
J.J_lg U3iU.t7.
NAUMAN FIRST
IN CLUB SHOOT
FROM SEATTLE.
THE SAN FR^STCISCp ;CALL, MG]^Y, r MAY 26, 19p
Thomas and Cristall Engage in a Pitchers ? Battle at Recreation
Park,-While Risher J s Offen
v <. by E wing's Men Over at Oakland-— Gommuters Enjoyia Big Lead
OAKLAND NINE WINS BOTH CONTESTS
FROM FISHER'S BAND OF RECRUITS
6
Su:
Su:
rises
. sets
m rlsi
...........; 4:50
.......,.;.;;7:22
.... .10:29, p.m.
26
27 '
28
20
30
o
Time
0:45
: 1 :20
2:09
3:15
4:40
L-W
0:30
1:20
Ft."
•;4.7
*4.5
4.2
8.9
.8.7
Time
t. v W
!8:00
S:3»
9:21
10:11
11:08
H-Wi
16:13
l:7:33|
"- Time
Ft. 1 1
•r 1 .-: HVW
,;0.3 3:39
:0.5 4:17
.0.8 4:66
H 1.1 ;5:35
1 114 6:15
L W
,> 3.7 12:03
¦8.0 12:51
- > Time •>:•-
TU; — Ft. V
•:.;„. 1.VT i£-:,%
4.4 8:04 ?• 3.0
.4.5 0:09 '8.1
«* 4.7 10:20 '3.2
4.9 11:20 V2.8
'5.0 .r.r. ,;..V
t H W :. - .
1.8 6:61 -S.1
13.1 j7:31 U5.3
01
I 1
. 2.3|
7.71
Steamer;
From.
Due.'
Santa Monica
G. W' Elder.;
Editff. ........
G. Llndauer.
State of Cal. .
Arcata. ;.'. ..
S. Barbara. . .
Kurekai'mrr,
Newburg....
Alameda. . . . .
Curacao 5.. i'
Qu«en:V .'.;'. T'
Wyefleld:....
Crescent City
Coos Bay. .:'. :
Phoenix.*.:".. .
M. Dollar..;:
"Albion 1 River.
North Fork.".
Hathor...\..J
Titanl a. *.:..".
Sequoia.. ....
Point Arena. .
Santa Rosa.:
Alliance. .V.T.
Pomona ¦.".*:'. V;
Pleiades...':.
City Sydney.'.
Amer. Maru..
Columbia. 1 . . .
Chehalis.-.:..
Bonlta.V. .r. ;
'American.*.'.^
'Acme:..'. ... ..
Australia. ...
Ureatilla. . . . .
Serapis... ".".".•
Sierra .".v.:.. -
Palenai'.r.V.".
Peking:'.'. .'.~.-.
G: W. Elder.'.
Humboldt *'....' . . : . ; J . -~l\ ;
Portland & Astoria .-..;
Seattle ... ..............
Grays . Harbor s '¦;. ::..:.
San Diego & Way Ports.
Coos Bay & Port Or ford.
Seattle --.-I .;:;: . . ... .. .-. .
Humboldt ¦*. . . ... . ...:..;
Grays • Harbor- ..........
Honolulu ~. ....... \.~~.. ,\ ;
Mexican ' Ports ':..'.
Puffet Sound Ports ..*..-.
Nanaimo ;•';.. '. .;. .;.;;. ;-.
Crescent CUy ",.......:.
San*Pedrcj & Way Ports
Mendocino*. . . .".; . .'. . ; ;~ .
Kedondo • ; .' .'. . .¦; ..:.-.-...
Albion .;.........:. :...
Humboldt > .'. ; ..".'. .......
Hamburg & ;Way i Ports .
Nanatmo . , J .' .'.*.'. .'. .". . ;;;
Wlllapa" Harbor -'.'..'.. .'.-.
Point Arena : .v.": .V. :t"..
San ' Di pgo • & Way Ports
Portland : & Way ! Ports .
Humboldt ".'.:...:;..:.'.'.
Seattle , : : : r; : ...*...... . .
Panama ,&. Way Ports.
China & Japan .........
Portland ¦ & - Astoria . . ,~.
Grays .. Harbor "..... . . .".
Newport & : Way Ports .
New . .".' ...........
Siuslaw. River :..•......
Tahiti ¦ .. : :-.....;....... . .
Puuet • Sound • Ports r. • >"•
s«attie r. rrr. . rr. . . . .w\
Sydney/ & : .Way ; Ports. .
Valparaiso & , Way Ports
China & 'Japan ;¦ . : . .'. .*. ;
! Portland ' & Astoria ';' . V. ;
May 26
May 20
May 26
May 26
May, 2fi
May 28
May, 27.
May i7
May 27
May. 27
May 27
May.27
May 27
May 27.
May. 27
May. 27
May 2S
May 28
May 23
May; 28
May, 28
May 29
May.2»
May, 20
May, 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May, 30
May 31-
June T 1-
June ¦: 1
June '; 1
June -1
June ' 1
June ; 2
June •; 3
June "4
June "i'4
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Excelsior;!'. 1 .
Discovery iTT.
Dlrigo. ..r.v:
E. 'Thompson.'
Centennial .TT
Dolphin rrrr.-.
Cottage City.
Senator. VV.v;
Garrone.*.*..".*.
Roanoke.TT?:
Cooks Inlet :&', Way. Pts. May 28
Golofnln Bay May 28
Skagrwayj & v Way ; Ports. May 27
Nome; &;St. Michael... May 27
Nome: direct *-7:. May 29
SkagwayA.. "Way .Ports. May 29
SkagrwayjA Way Ports. May 30
Nome :-. . .'. . .-. .-rr; r.™ ~: ; June 1
Nome &. St. Michael.... June 1
Nome & St. ' Michael ... . Juno 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Albion RIy.
Acme:...;.
C Nelson. .
Olympic. ..
Nc\Tsboy. ..
Argo. ......
Rival.......
Bonita.....
Clt7 Puebla
Valencia. . .
Pomona. . . .
Rainier.'..'.
Coptic...
Phoenix../.
Arcata. . . .'.
Mnndalay..
Arctio
G. Dollar."
Coronado.:
City Para.;
G. Elder...
May. 26.-
Albion direct ......
Eiuslaw River ."."..
8eattle <h Tacoma..
Whatcom & Falrhvn
Nome via 5 Golotuln
Eel River Ports./..
Wlllapa Harbor ...
Newport • & -Way. . .
Puget I Sound • Ports.
•May 37.
Nome via Seattle..
Humboldt ' .........
Seattle & Whatcom.
China & Japan....:
May 38.
Mendocino City- ...
Coos Bay A Pt. Orfd
Coqullle : River : . . . .
Humboldt !t . ; ; ;; .; . .
Grays i Harbor ; .'.*; .'.
Grays Harbor :.....
Panama & Way . . .
AstoMa & Portland.
•i May.'ZO. .
Humboldt
San Diego & Way..
-May 3O.
Oan Pedro & Way..
May 31.
Point Arena - ..... .
Humboldt r. .\ .'.-;'.•..
Honolulu ; .'.a.T.'.v;
Puget Sound ; Ports.
Grays Harbor . . ; ...
¦ ; ' .;.¦( Jnne l. ¦..
San Diego '& , Way. .
Nome via.GoIofnln.
Portland , & \ "Way. . ;
'¦-'• Jane ;2. ¦- •¦• ¦ -
Grays* Harbor '.V.i.
Astoria & Portland
¦•• -June ; 3. ¦ .,
Nome & St." 1 Michael
S pra
3 pm
10 am
S pm
12 m
4 pm
3 pm
9 am
11 am
11 am
1 :30 p
6 pm
1 pm
3 pm
12 m
2 pm
12. m
4 pm
10 am
12- m
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier II
Pier 9
PllT 0
Pier 9
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
Eureka...'.
State Cal. .
9 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 11
Coos Bay..
9 am
Pier. 11
Pt. Arena..
North Forte
Alamed».. '..
Queen...:.:
Sequcla.v-.:
2 pm
8 am
2 pm
11 am
4 pm
Pier, .3
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 2
Santa Rosa
C. Nelson. .
Alliance."'.."
9 ami
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier —
!•¦••»•
H-
Cheballs...
Columbia. ; I
.- . - - t
4 pm
11 am
Pier a
Pier 24
St.. Paul...]
....;.
Pier —
¦^i 'tSq ~H> m 5 "35
&£.§j J| || I_
CONTESTANTS. • "° f£ o | "1 a %~ f?S
• *¦*¦ o^< o-, "i- r+ET
: : S" = o f?
: : : : I : "
P. J. Tormey 70 86 .90.9
C. G. Young. 93.8 93 82.6 87.9
F. M. Halght... 87 87.4 84 74.2 79.1 ....
C. R. Kenniff... 102 SS. 8 88.4 74.2 81.3 06.5
G. Huyck 93 93 80.8 75.10 78.3
J. B. Kenniff.... 115 95.8 85. 8 71.8 78.8 90.4
H. Battu 95 92.8 88.4 73.4 80.10 84.7
T. C. Klerulff... 75 S9.4 80.S 75 77.10....
F. C. Reed 92 89.8 83 75 79
E. Everett -. 118 90. 4 87 79.2 83.1 ....
F. E. Daverkosen 113 S8.4 81.8 78.8 80.8 ....
T. YT. Brotherton 117 94.4 92 78.4 85.2 92 .
W. E. Brooks... 103196.8 85.4 76.8 81 ..;.
E. A. Mocker... 85 89 88.4 76.8 82.6 86.1
A. M. Blade. .72 70 81 76.8 78.10
W. D. Mansfield. .. ..|96.4 86.4 83.4 84.10 ....
¦^i 'tSq ~H> m 5 "35
&£.§j J| || I_
CONTESTANTS. • "° f£ o | "1 a %~ f?S
• *¦*¦ o^< o-, "i- r+ET
: : S" = o f?
: : : : I : "
P. J. Tormey 70 86 .90.9
C. G. Young. 93.8 93 82.6 87.9
F. M. Halght... 87 87.4 84 74.2 79.1 ....
C. R. Kenniff... 102 SS. 8 88.4 74.2 81.3 06.5
G. Huyck 93 93 80.8 75.10 78.3
J. B. Kenniff.... 115 95.8 85. 8 71.8 78.8 90.4
H. Battu 95 92.8 88.4 73.4 80.10 84.7
T. C. Klerulff... 75 S9.4 80.S 75 77.10....
F. C. Reed 92 89.8 83 75 79
E. Everett -. 118 90. 4 87 79.2 83.1 ....
F. E. Daverkosen 113 S8.4 81.8 78.8 80.8 ....
T. YT. Brotherton 117 94.4 92 78.4 85.2 92 .
W. E. Brooks... 103196.8 85.4 76.8 81 ..;.
E. A. Mocker... 85 89 88.4 76.8 82.6 86.1
A. M. Blade. .72 70 81 76.8 78.10
W. D. Mansfield. .. ..|96.4 86.4 83.4 84.10 ....
Su:
Su:
rises
. sets
m rlsi
...........; 4:50
.......,.;.;;7:22
.... .10:29, p.m.
26
27 '
28
20
30
o
Time
0:45
: 1 :20
2:09
3:15
4:40
L-W
0:30
1:20
Ft."
•;4.7
*4.5
4.2
8.9
.8.7
Time
t. v W
!8:00
S:3»
9:21
10:11
11:08
H-Wi
16:13
l:7:33|
"- Time
Ft. 1 1
•r 1 .-: HVW
,;0.3 3:39
:0.5 4:17
.0.8 4:66
H 1.1 ;5:35
1 114 6:15
L W
,> 3.7 12:03
¦8.0 12:51
- > Time •>:•-
TU; — Ft. V
•:.;„. 1.VT i£-:,%
4.4 8:04 ?• 3.0
.4.5 0:09 '8.1
«* 4.7 10:20 '3.2
4.9 11:20 V2.8
'5.0 .r.r. ,;..V
t H W :. - .
1.8 6:61 -S.1
13.1 j7:31 U5.3
01
I 1
. 2.3|
7.71
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Excelsior;!'. 1 .
Discovery iTT.
Dlrigo. ..r.v:
E. 'Thompson.'
Centennial .TT
Dolphin rrrr.-.
Cottage City.
Senator. VV.v;
Garrone.*.*..".*.
Roanoke.TT?:
Cooks Inlet :&', Way. Pts. May 28
Golofnln Bay May 28
Skagrwayj & v Way ; Ports. May 27
Nome; &;St. Michael... May 27
Nome: direct *-7:. May 29
SkagwayA.. "Way .Ports. May 29
SkagrwayjA Way Ports. May 30
Nome :-. . .'. . .-. .-rr; r.™ ~: ; June 1
Nome &. St. Michael.... June 1
Nome & St. ' Michael ... . Juno 1
Steamer;
From.
Due.'
Santa Monica
G. W' Elder.;
Editff. ........
G. Llndauer.
State of Cal. .
Arcata. ;.'. ..
S. Barbara. . .
Kurekai'mrr,
Newburg....
Alameda. . . . .
Curacao 5.. i'
Qu«en:V .'.;'. T'
Wyefleld:....
Crescent City
Coos Bay. .:'. :
Phoenix.*.:".. .
M. Dollar..;:
"Albion 1 River.
North Fork.".
Hathor...\..J
Titanl a. *.:..".
Sequoia.. ....
Point Arena. .
Santa Rosa.:
Alliance. .V.T.
Pomona ¦.".*:'. V;
Pleiades...':.
City Sydney.'.
Amer. Maru..
Columbia. 1 . . .
Chehalis.-.:..
Bonlta.V. .r. ;
'American.*.'.^
'Acme:..'. ... ..
Australia. ...
Ureatilla. . . . .
Serapis... ".".".•
Sierra .".v.:.. -
Palenai'.r.V.".
Peking:'.'. .'.~.-.
G: W. Elder.'.
Humboldt *'....' . . : . ; J . -~l\ ;
Portland & Astoria .-..;
Seattle ... ..............
Grays . Harbor s '¦;. ::..:.
San Diego & Way Ports.
Coos Bay & Port Or ford.
Seattle --.-I .;:;: . . ... .. .-. .
Humboldt ¦*. . . ... . ...:..;
Grays • Harbor- ..........
Honolulu ~. ....... \.~~.. ,\ ;
Mexican ' Ports ':..'.
Puffet Sound Ports ..*..-.
Nanaimo ;•';.. '. .;. .;.;;. ;-.
Crescent CUy ",.......:.
San*Pedrcj & Way Ports
Mendocino*. . . .".; . .'. . ; ;~ .
Kedondo • ; .' .'. . .¦; ..:.-.-...
Albion .;.........:. :...
Humboldt > .'. ; ..".'. .......
Hamburg & ;Way i Ports .
Nanatmo . , J .' .'.*.'. .'. .". . ;;;
Wlllapa" Harbor -'.'..'.. .'.-.
Point Arena : .v.": .V. :t"..
San ' Di pgo • & Way Ports
Portland : & Way ! Ports .
Humboldt ".'.:...:;..:.'.'.
Seattle , : : : r; : ...*...... . .
Panama ,&. Way Ports.
China & Japan .........
Portland ¦ & - Astoria . . ,~.
Grays .. Harbor "..... . . .".
Newport & : Way Ports .
New . .".' ...........
Siuslaw. River :..•......
Tahiti ¦ .. : :-.....;....... . .
Puuet • Sound • Ports r. • >"•
s«attie r. rrr. . rr. . . . .w\
Sydney/ & : .Way ; Ports. .
Valparaiso & , Way Ports
China & 'Japan ;¦ . : . .'. .*. ;
! Portland ' & Astoria ';' . V. ;
May 26
May 20
May 26
May 26
May, 2fi
May 28
May, 27.
May i7
May 27
May. 27
May 27
May.27
May 27
May 27.
May. 27
May. 27
May 2S
May 28
May 23
May; 28
May, 28
May 29
May.2»
May, 20
May, 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May, 30
May 31-
June T 1-
June ¦: 1
June '; 1
June -1
June ' 1
June ; 2
June •; 3
June "4
June "i'4
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Albion RIy.
Acme:...;.
C Nelson. .
Olympic. ..
Nc\Tsboy. ..
Argo. ......
Rival.......
Bonita.....
Clt7 Puebla
Valencia. . .
Pomona. . . .
Rainier.'..'.
Coptic...
Phoenix../.
Arcata. . . .'.
Mnndalay..
Arctio
G. Dollar."
Coronado.:
City Para.;
G. Elder...
May. 26.-
Albion direct ......
Eiuslaw River ."."..
8eattle <h Tacoma..
Whatcom & Falrhvn
Nome via 5 Golotuln
Eel River Ports./..
Wlllapa Harbor ...
Newport • & -Way. . .
Puget I Sound • Ports.
•May 37.
Nome via Seattle..
Humboldt ' .........
Seattle & Whatcom.
China & Japan....:
May 38.
Mendocino City- ...
Coos Bay A Pt. Orfd
Coqullle : River : . . . .
Humboldt !t . ; ; ;; .; . .
Grays i Harbor ; .'.*; .'.
Grays Harbor :.....
Panama & Way . . .
AstoMa & Portland.
•i May.'ZO. .
Humboldt
San Diego & Way..
-May 3O.
Oan Pedro & Way..
May 31.
Point Arena - ..... .
Humboldt r. .\ .'.-;'.•..
Honolulu ; .'.a.T.'.v;
Puget Sound ; Ports.
Grays Harbor . . ; ...
¦ ; ' .;.¦( Jnne l. ¦..
San Diego '& , Way. .
Nome via.GoIofnln.
Portland , & \ "Way. . ;
'¦-'• Jane ;2. ¦- •¦• ¦ -
Grays* Harbor '.V.i.
Astoria & Portland
¦•• -June ; 3. ¦ .,
Nome & St." 1 Michael
S pra
3 pm
10 am
S pm
12 m
4 pm
3 pm
9 am
11 am
11 am
1 :30 p
6 pm
1 pm
3 pm
12 m
2 pm
12. m
4 pm
10 am
12- m
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier II
Pier 9
PllT 0
Pier 9
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
Eureka...'.
State Cal. .
9 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 11
Coos Bay..
9 am
Pier. 11
Pt. Arena..
North Forte
Alamed».. '..
Queen...:.:
Sequcla.v-.:
2 pm
8 am
2 pm
11 am
4 pm
Pier, .3
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 2
Santa Rosa
C. Nelson. .
Alliance."'.."
9 ami
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier —
!•¦••»•
H-
Cheballs...
Columbia. ; I
.- . - - t
4 pm
11 am
Pier a
Pier 24
St.. Paul...]
....;.
Pier —
945 Market Street.
We give Trading Stamps.
LIPPITT & FISHER-
Spend your shoe-
money where shoes
are bought right and
sold right. We can
sell men, women: and
children shoes that
will satisfy and pleasei
as good or better when
compared with others.
We have no bargain
days and yet we ask
you to— —
Try us for your next
pair.
"Bargains" and
"sales" are the "stum-
ble-stone" of many an
honest, hard - earned
dollar— more the pity,
for those kind of dol-
iars are intended to
accomplish so much.
Watch for the "ear-
marks" of deceit at
these bargain stores —
you will nearly always
find them.
Business men are in
business for the money
there is in it— not for
charity, for the love of
it or for any phil-
anthropic purpose.
You cannot buy a
thoroughbred horse
for the price of a pack
mule, any more than
you can purchase a
$5.00 or $6.00 shoe
for $2.15.
with business, men,
whether you are buy-
ing a horse or a pair
of shoes.
Business
Do
-__-_.' ¦ AD VKKT J SEMENTa.
NATURAL UXATIVB WATER. '. V
No medicine in the world
can relieve you of constipa-
tion and all disorders of ths
• Stomach and liver lika
Hunyad! Jahos
I One-half glass taken on aris-
I ing; in the morning will give
• such satisfying results that
. you will take no other rem-
edy and be convinced that
r it will cure all forms of }
¦ Be sore and GET
Hunyadl Janos
I If yon . simply ask for f
\ Hunyadl water you may be
Imposed upon.
IDON'T BE PERSUADED
» TO BUY SUBSTITUTES. j
THEY ARE WORTHLESS AXD OFTEN HARMFUL
• I -••••• Vi
Ij £*P^J The Strictly Reliable gj
L/^^^jMen Only §
I Dr. Talcott & Co. I
j On June 1st will move to their* |
H ~ new building, 1140 Market st., M
|| ' Opposite* Hale 'a. U
-^(23EBBB^BEBE^2SS9>^^^^^2^B^BS^Rfi^
RAD WAY'S READY RELIEF has StOOO ¥
unrivaled before the public ¦ for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. .: It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats/ Influenza, Bron- ¦
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and ail pain. 1 Internally
for : Malaria and all Bowel ' Pains. - All druggists.$5.85 for an All- Wool Men's Suit.
The King of Greece only uses Greek
when absolutely neceesary. He generally
talks in 7£nellsh.
Jeffries\met:hia oldiopponent, Joe'Ken
nedy, at Harry Corbett's last night. He
may secure Joe as a 'sparring partner.
Jeffries -leaves for Harbin SDrings this
morning. ,' '/" .¦.-'¦.'¦ V ''--'"'
Champion Jeffries was the guest of
Frank .Car'r". and Phil Fay yesterday af
ternoon. The " bie . boxer . was taken
through .the park. ! > .v
Jeffries Is Entertained.
On Tuesday evening "at 8 o'clock Gilbert
McClurg, secretary of Colorado : Springs
Chamber of Commerce, will lecture at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium on "Plains and Peaks of Colo
rado.". The lecture will be illustrated by
nearly two .hundred stereopticon views
including scenes of a sun-rise on Pike's
Peak, scenes In the "Garden of the
Goda," and many other sections of that
picturesque State. The lecture will . be
free to the public.
To Lecture on Colorado.
STANFORD, May 25.— To-morrow morn-
Ing the .annual ; Faculty-Senior : baseball
game will be played on the campus dia
mond. The two teams will line up as
follows:. V. •• iv^*'.
Faculty. Position. Seniors.
Ne\v«om. . ... ... ... Catcher Hamilton
Howard : ... Pitcher., .;;..... .McDowell
Starfcuck.. Shortstop Case
Jordan . . ....;...... First . : base • Bancroft
Searlea." Second base ...Hinman
(Class President.) .
Kellogg or AUIn. . Third base .Lelb
Storey...... Right field... . Ross
; or McCormick
Marx.:.. .......... Center field-..' ..Copp
Murray.. ....;...;. Left field ... .Sell or Rtej
Stanford Faculty Baseball.
Call at Santa Fe ticket of flee, 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. . • .
The quickest and most convenient way in
and out of the YosemJte Valley la by, way of
the Eanta Fe. If you leave :-Jan Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on | the : California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.
Yosemite Via the Santa Pe.
Committee of arrangements— R. D. Barton
( chairman), H.,Denhard, A. C. Plstolesi, H. C.
Hasselbach, R. P. Dunphy; reception commit
tee — W. J. Koch (chairman), T. A. Fox. G.
Laux, J. C. Seagravcs. John H. Dumbrell act
ed as floor manager, assisted by^W. L. Llppert.
SEQUOIA PARLOR GOES
ON PRIVATE PICNIC
A merry party of more than 500 journey
ed io Camp Taylor yesterday on a private
picnic excursion given by the Sequoia Par
lor 160, N. S. G. WV
It was a most enjoyable outing, those
having the arrangements in hand having
provided a capital programme of games
and dancing that kept every one in good
spirits until late In the evening.
To the following was due the complete
success of the picnic:
B. E. George, chairman; Thomas Bllling&Iea,
secretary; R. A. A. Summers, treasurer; B. I.
Salomon, I. Citron. James A. Johnston, W. J.
Langetaff. Dr. T. J. Crowley, P. A. Jennings,
Charles Lampe, A. Morris. N. H. Hirshfeld,
Thomas Learned, Charles Noble, P.' j. Smith,
F. Palm. C. W. Apgar, M. L. Crowe. Andrew
Olsen. R. Noble, J. Morris, P. H. Thornton,
A. Morris, Fritz Palm, C. A. Apgar, Mark
Roth, G. T. Pultney, H. Warnholz. E. W.
Koffman, Georg-e Magulre, Grover Botlin?,
Janies J. Cullen. W. 'J. Lyle. W. Warnholr,
Thomas Martin, W. W. S. Bevrill, Thomas F.
Hemmenway. C. H. McKay. F. W. Savage,
William Cellarlus. Oscar Ohsteln. John B.
Price. William Buddeley, George H. A. Dimp
field. Peter McKeon. Fred Raabe, E. - F. Joy,
Alexander M. Greenhow, E. C. Housley, James
J. Maher. Philip Prior, John Foley, Thomas
F. Martin. Charles Maguire, John W. Rourke,
Harry J. Lask, George J. Vincent, Scott Elder,
A. M. Macpherson. Jacob Cans. J. L. Pereau,
J. L. BUlsdell. B. F. Hobart. E. A. Kusel,
John Ruff. S. B. Coates. A. H. Voigt. P. L.
Archibald. Charles H. Holcomb, W. S. Lane,
Thomas Johncten. F. W. Zehfuas. G. \V. Wana
make. Joseph Schulte Jr., H. L. Farrier. IX
B. Marwick. Charles H. Clear, Charles W.
Decker. Louis Felling. W. J. Thompson. George
C. 3erge. W. A. S. Nicholson. R. A. Lindsay,
H. K. McLennan. T. H. Epley, Alonzo Whld
dMJ. H. W. Renahaw. William Simpson. J. S.
Oliver. E. T. Mlnnehan, C. A. Hoffer. Patrick
Lucey, George L. Krueger. S. Moral, A. • E.
Hart, ¦William Adams. J. G. D. Vorsboinck. ;B.
ManrelJ. John Wrede. . " «,
The committee which is working: for
the success of the picnic consists of the
following members of the society.
The Knights of Honor are to give, a
picnic at Camp Taylor, Marln County,
Friday May 30. The -eneral committee
which- has charge of the outing held a
meeting last Saturday night and com
pleted arrangements. Two hundred gate
prizes will be distributed and fifty valu
able prizes contested for in the races and
games.
tributed at Outing in Camp
Taylor.
Two Hundred Prizes Are to Be Dis-
KNIGHTS OF HONOR
vvV TO HOLD A PICNIC
Few Face the Winds at Ocean Beach
and Drivers at Park Are
Scarce, f •'?$-.
Inclement weather kept the usual big
rrowd from the ocean- beach yesterday,
nor was Golden Gate Park much patron
ized by either pedestrians or drivers. The
ocean was calm notwithstanding the gale
blowing over It. and vessels came in and
went out gliding along as though there
>«s nothing more than a zephyr, so that
-wi*!: few who went to the cliff in the hope
\f seeing some fancy waves towerin?
mountain high were disappointed.
Sutro Baths were well patronized, the
people showing an appreciation of the fine
shelter of the great building. There were
peveral swimming events and an excellent
orchestra was in attendance.
There were no mishaps at the beach be
yond a frisky horse making an attempt
to bolt. Before It got many yards, how
ever, the driver had the animal under
control.
INCLEMENT WEATHER
HOLDS PEOPLE INDOORS
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 25.— Tommy
Ryan of Kansas City and Jimmy Handler
of New York will meet here . to-morrow
evening in a ten-round boxing bout for
the middleweight championship.
Ryan to Fight Handler.
Latonia Derby to Be Run To-Day.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. May 25.— What
promises to be the most successful meet-
Ing in the history of the Latonia Jockey
Club will open to-morrow at the .Latonia.
course. There are. now at the track near
ly 1000 horses. -The feature of the opening
day will be the derby . at one and on*
half miles. The starters and Jockeys fol
low: • Baker and Gentry's entry, South
Trimble (Buchanan), and Martin Burka
(J. Ransch). Harry New (Otis) and Abe
Frank (Coburn).
The American League.
A number of Jewish citizens met in
B'nai B'rith Hall yesterday afternoon for
the purpose of forming an organization ro
awaken interest in political affairs. It
was decided to name the oragnization
"The American League." The temporary
officers elected were: President, J. An
tony; vice president, R. Rosenberg: sec
retary, Leon Brown; treasurer, Erne3t
Cohen: board of directors. A. L. Bollen,
M. : Zukcrmann, N. XV. Nebron. Y. M.
Mellis. Ch. Simon, M. Schmulien and L.
Meiskopf. • •
New Century Road Club Riders De
feated on San Leandro Tri
angle Course.
The relay teams of the California
Cycling Club'and.the new Century Road
Club held their first relay road race over
the San Leandro triangle yesterday. The
former won by" the ( close margin of one
minute and five seconds for. the total dis
tance of 41 2-3 miles, being five circuits
of the triangle.
The race was hotly' contested from the
start, but the California's ' Club's riders
managed by hard riding to win out. Fol
lowing is the official time of each rider:
First relay— E. Prosek. C. C. C, 23:55; B.
II. Balart. N. C. R. C. 24:40 2-5.
Socond relay— J. Barnes, C. C. C. 24:11 2-5;
H. Partman. N. C. R. C. 25:13.
Third relay— K.. Frcdenbergr, C. - C. C,
24:45 1-5; J. Berberich, N. C. R.;C. 25:11 1-5.
Fourth relay— E. Hitchcock, C. C. C,
24:34 4-5; P.. Greenlger. N. C. R. C, 24:10 4-5.
Fifth relay— Earl Pfelffer, C. C. C; 23:55;
B. ir. Balant. N. C. R. C. 24:40 2-5.
• Total time — C. C. C. 2:03:10 3-5; N. C. R.
C. 2:04:15 3-5.
Those in charge of the race were: Ref
eree, A.- Knox, S. F. . W.; judges. B.
Holle. C. C. C; J. Newmark, N. C. R. C,
and H. Frey, O. W.; clerk of course, An
drew Clark. C. C. C; timers, G.Seyfried,
C. C. C; C. Carpenter, S. F. . W., and -v.
Mofntt.'O. W. -
FAST RELAY RACE WON
BY CALIFORNIA CLUB
Under the able management of Charles
Luttringer of 4530 Mission street the So
ciety of Old Friends met there yesterday
and enjoyed a bullshead breakfast. More
than ninety members of the organization
sat down to partake of the good things
that "mine host" had prepared for them
in a corner well sheltered from the wind,
after which speeches were made by J. E.
Slinkey, Harry Niemann, Paul Desmond,
H. Romef and others, and later on the
society was photographed. The officers of
the Society of Old Friends are: George
W. Kelley, president; J. E. Slinkey, sec
retary; Paul Desmond, chairman board of
directors. Harry Niemann was master of
ceremonies.
Give Bullshead Breakfast.
Crawford Is the Hero of the Gams,
Scoring a Timely Two-Bagger
and a Tiiple.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. May 23. — Hahn was Invlneibl*
to-day. The support of both pitchers was per
fect. Crawford was the hero of the day, put
tins the ball out for a two-bagger and a tripl*
with two men on base*. No umpire put in an
appearance, so Beck and Farretl officiated. At
tendance 5000. Score. ; .
R. H. E.
Cincinnati • 5 » «
Brooklyn * 0 4 •
Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Hughes and
CHICAGO. May 25. — The locals defeated New
York by lonsrer and more timely hlttlnir. A
triple in the third, another in the seventh and
three bunched singles scored Chicago's runs.
Two consecutive doubles *ave the visitors their
only score. Attendance 14,000. Score:
B, • H. E. ¦
Chicago f % 3
New York ••••• 1 T 2
Batteries — St. Vraln and Kilos; Dunn and
Bowerman. Umpire — O'Day.
Overture, orchestra; specialties. Adams sis
ters ; ¦ Bong and dance; . Mary Voffee ; hornpipe.
Little Lupita; , specialties, Maud Sharpe; Span
ish fandarigo, Genevleve Bogan; Manola, . Ha
zel -Wolfe; .'. Tarantela. Fannie Gutman; son*
and dance, Little Lupita; toe dancer, Tasmine
Sldlowski; buck . and' wine dance. 'Gordon.
Keat and 'Osborne: champion cakewalkers,
Maud Sharpe and Little Lupita; Espana dance,
Florence r- Holmari: ¦¦ sonsr, .Peplto - Ferrandc;
Tyrolean, Marse sisters;: toe dance/ Little. Lu
pita; Espanita, Maria Vallarta; Spanish dance.
Professor. Matlldita; .. fancy dance, Babe , Lillle
(two years old) ; VLa Paloma'.' •. (In Spanish),
Little. Lur>lta;\ Dutch comedians, Wilson - and
Chase; coon specialties. Baby Simmons. •
' The entertainment and dance tendered
to Little Lupita ' last night in Union
Square Hall proved a great success. . ; The
hall was crowded. .'An entertaining pro
gramme of vocal and Instrumental music
and dances, in which Little Lupita took a
prominent part, was rendered. The little
miss is < a very clever dancer and quite
popular, i- Her: exhibitions were greeted
with flattering applause. :
The programme '-. in detail was as fol
lows: ' . ¦ ¦ ' V .-. ; . '•¦ ¦;¦. ;¦'.>." ¦ . ,
tertainment Given for the
Clever Dancer.
Union Square Hall Is Crowded at En-
FRIENDS HONOR LITTLE
LUPIT A WITH BENEFIT
SAN JOSE, May 25.— The convention of
the representatives of boards of trades
and kindred organizations of the central
coast counties, which is to meet In San
Jose Thursday morning, will be an im
portant gathering and from which much
good is expected. In this district Is in
cluded Santa Clara, San Mateo, San
Benito, Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Luis
Obispo counties and part of Santa Bar
bara. At least seventy-five delegates will
be present, and these will represent every
element of business and professional life
in the section.
Business pertaining to the advancement
and advertising of the resources of the
half-dozen counties will be ! considered.
They will join hands and try to attract
investing capital and .settlers. All the
boards of trade, improvement clubs and
the like in the counties will be repre
sented,'and the interchange of Ideas will
benefit their, members. It will broaden
the possibilities of the work of inducing
immigration and attracting tourists to
the resorts along the coast llne.l
Delegates are expected to begin arriv
ing Wednesday evening, while those from
the South will arrive ' early Thursday
morning. The convention will be held at
Hale's Hall. So far as learned there will
be eleven delegates from San Luis Obispo
County, ten from Monterey County, San
Benito will send delegates from two or*
ganlzatlons, and the largest towns of
Canta Cruz County will be represented.
There will also be delegates from Red
wood City and San Mateo, while every
town in this county will be represented.
Thursday evening the delegates will be
the guests of the Santa Clara County Im
provement Club at a banquet at the Ven
dome. At least 250 will be present at the
feast, among them many San Franciscans.
in the Central Coast Section
Will Meet.
Many Delegates From Organizations
COUNTY REPRESENTATIVES
TO HOLD A CONVENTION
She was removed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where, after she had been
revived, she told how she had been cast
off by the man whom she had loved for
nine years and tearfully declared that she
wanted to die. She said that her faith
lees lover's name is Antone Fisher, and
ihat he is employed as a salesman for
Glover Bros., cigar dealers, 601 Montgom
ery street. Fisher resides at 812 Battery
street-
After telephoning to her once fiance,
that because of his faithlessness she no
longer cared for life. Miss Mary Faria,
a Portuguese girl about twenty-two years
of ase. rented a room in a lodging house
at 217 Post street yesterday and attempt
ed to end her troubles by asphyxiation.
The odor of escaping gas from her room
led one of the people residing in the house
to Investigate. The door was found to be
securely lock<vd and after Police Officer
Brady had been summoned it was brok
en in. The unfortunate girl was found
just In time as she was rapidly succumb
ing to the effects of the poisonous fumes.
guese Woman, Makes Attempt
to Asphyxiate Herself.
Hiss Mary Faria, a Young Portu-
BROOKLYN IS SHUT OUT . ¦'< v
BY CINCINNATI NINB
tKS DEATH BECAUSE
FIANCE DESERTS HEE
' Bracamontie had been drinking in a
saloon at 517 Broadway, and after leav
ing there to go home he walked down
Broadway to Sansome street. As he
was passing Gray Bros., rock-crushing
plant the three young men stepped ouc
of the shadow and assaulted and robbed
him. He had a watch and chain and a
scarf pin, which the robbers did not take,
although all these articles were in plain
view. He was unable to give an accu
rate description of the trio.«-
The police say that Bracamontie Is
verv quarrelsome when under the influ
ence of liquor, and may have got into a
fight. ,
Lucio Bracamontie, a marine fireman
living at 324 Vallejo street, was held up
by three young men on Sansome street,
between Vallejo and Green, about 3
o'clock yesterday morning, and $6 10 was
taken from • his pockets. The robbers
knocked Bracamontie down, and he had
to be sent to the Harbor Hospital to have
a wound in his scalp attended to.
man, the Alleged Victim of
Three Footpads.
Lucio Bracamontie, a Marine Fire-
CLAIMS TO HAVE BEEN
ASSAULTED AND BOBBED
In the first 'class Harry Routh beat James
A. Code. 6-3, 2-6, 6-3; \V. Geary drew a bye;
G K Bates won from L. Thlerbault by' de
fa'ult: Will Allen won from W. B. Lee by de
fault; C. Dunlap won from T. "W. Tetley by
default: Bates won from Geary by default:
Dunlap beat Allen, 6-4, S-6. 0-2; Routh beat
Bates, 6-0. 6-3.
Second class, preliminary round— M. C.
Campbell won from Scott Lewis by default; A.
Beyfuss beat K. Marr, default; G. Readins
beat R. W. Turner, default. First rounds — J.
L. Smith beat L. W. Kaiser, 6-2. 2-6, 6-1: J.
B. Adams beat S. H. Routh, 6-1, 6-1; L. C.
Bozart beat W. F. Staff, default; C. Coleman
teat E. H. Clear, 6-2, 6-2; A. Rosenstern beat
A.. McFarland, 6-2, 6-2; C. Griffin beat W. C.
"Webster 6-2, 6-2: Philip Martin beat D. W.
Kaiip by default; M. C. Campbell beat W. A.
Twiggs default: Beyfuss beat Reading. 6-O,
0-1; H. A. Turner beat G. Eacret by default;
W McKenna beat G. F. Osborne. 6-2, tt-1: J.
B. Mtnnott beat A. Flayer by default; Ed Fin
nigan beat H. Baer. 6-2, 6-1; T. D. Black beat
E F Llelach. 6-2. 6-4; B. McFarland beat
G." Cummings. default; G. James beat E. Miller
by default. Second round — Smith beat Adams,
6-5. 6-4; Coleman beat Bozart, 6-4. 5-6, 6-S;
Griffin beat Rosenstern, 6-1, 6-1 ; Campbell beat
Martin, 6-4, 6-2; Beyfuss beat Turner, 6-1,
6-3- Minnott beat McKenna, 3-6. 6-1. 6-0; Fln
nigan beat Black. 6-1, 6-0; James beat McFar
land 6-2, 6-2. Third round — Coleman beat
Smith 6-2. 6-4; Campbell beat Griffin. 6-0,
0-5; Beyfuss beat Minnott, 6-2. 6-2: Finnigan
beat James, 6-5, 6-4. Semi-final — Coleman and
Campbell, unplayed: FinnUcan beat Beyfuss,
3-6 . 6-5, 6-2.
On the California Club courts the following
matches were played: Grant Smith beat
Merle Johnson, 8-6; Joe Dally beat W. F. Bull,
«-0 6-1, 0-0, 6-0; G. N. Armsby beat E. R.
Armsby, 6-2, R-7, 6-2; Herbert Schmidt beat
Al Kcnvon. 6-2, 6-4, 6-4, 5-7; Frank String
ham beat Sidney Salisbury, 6-2, 5-7, 6-4;
George Whlpple beat W. Punnett, 6-1, 6-2,
In doubles Harry Haight and Frank String
ham beat Collier and Crowell, 6-2. 8-6. 7-9;
Stringham and Whipple beat Salisbury and
Punnett. 6-1, 0-4; Mill Fletcher and Joe Daily
beat Bull and Klink. 6-0, 6-1.-..6-0. i
The second of a series of tennis tourna
ments was played yesterday on the Gold
en Gate Park courts. Play was completed
down to the final In the first class. In
which Harry Routh and Charles Dunlap
will meet. In the second class Ed Flnnl
gan will play the winner of the match be
tween C. Coleman and M. . C. Campbell.
The surprise of the day was the; defeat
of Will Allen, the holder. This is the
first time Allen has been beaten on the
public courts. •
In the second class M. C. Campbell sur
prised the talent by beating young Grif
fin With-Marr out of the tournament It
was thought Griffin would have no diffi
culty winning, but he was taken into
camp easily by Campbell.
Tennis Tournament Now in
Progress.
Will Meet in the Final Bound of the
EOTITH AND DTJNLAP PROVE
EXPERTS ON THE COURTS
Short addresses were also delivered by
Rev. S. A. Knox. Comrade T. M. Draper,
Captain Samuel Sullivan of Lincoln Post,
G. A. R., and others.
"Let us waste no time in needless intro
duction or preface. Within these sacred
walls Starr King spoke these words while
he served his God during four years of the
Civil war." In this manner the Hon. D.
K. McKinlay opened his address to the
congregation. "Let me do likewise," he
continued, "and get to the matter in
hand." He then reminded them of the
reason for these memorial services; he
spoke of the brave men who had fought
and died for a great principle and what
a priceless blessing the American republic
had received by these sacrifices. It was
good to think that the church set aside
one day in the year for memorial ser
vices, so that the people might pay their
devotions at the shrine of the heroes who
had died. He told them how the Puritans
themselves but lately free from the op
pressor had been the first to plant the
se«»ds of slavery.
Grand Army memorial services took
place last night at the A. M. E. Zlon
Church. 5 Stockton street, with an ex
tensive programme, consisting of opening
chorus, "Old Hundred"; the Lord's
Prayer, in concert; "America." by the
choir and congregation; scripture lesson:
music by the choir; prayer by Rev. S. A.
Kr.ox; introductory address, by Comrade
A. L. Benston of the Lincoln Post, G. A.
H.. of this city; music by the choir; cra
uon, Hon. D. E. McKinlay. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney; music by the choir; "Ave
ZUaria," Mrs. Williams.
At A. M. E. Zion Church-
The money market shows a somewhat
firmer tendency, and the private rate of
discount reached 2V* per cent.
German state securities were weak and
required intervention buying to maintain
quotations.' The Saxon loan of 50,000,000
marks at 3 per cent will be subscribed
May 28 at 90.60 and will be handled by a
large group of banks in Berlin and Dres
den. Industrials generally weakened. '
BERLIN, May 25.— The Boerse remained
stagnant during the past week and was
without new or striking feature.
Americans have certainly been stronger
during the past, week on the strength of
easier money In Wall street and the en
couraging crop' reports. The outlook for
Ncrthern Pacifies is much better than It
was, but the extension of the coal strike
in the United States is worrying a good
many operators. Canadian Pacifies were
strong last week and touched 139 on fur
ther New York purchases.
Buying, which lately has been restricted
to gilt-edge investment stocks, is now ex
tending to the more speculative Issues.
Home rails have made advances, and it
is known that many new issues of capital
are pending, and this knowledge renders
buyers chary. It is also known th?.t
about 2000 new loans and companies are
only awaiting a favorable moment to en
ter into competition with the savings of
the public.
LONDON, May 25.— After many weeks
of anxious waiting the peace announce
ment has finally crystallised into a strong
upward movement on the Stock Ex
change. In spite of the lack of definite
news, official or-otherwise, from Pretoria,
the market assumed strength on the gen
eral indications: that peace was assured.
The buoyant tone in nearly all the de
partments has been Increasing steadily
throughout the past week, so when the
official announcement of peace comes the
boom will probably already be in full
swing and every reasonable advance will
be fully discounted. As for weeks past,
the market is still Indebted to the banK
by over £2,000,000, while the slow-Govern
ment disbursement* jgndasithe repayment
o£ this indebtedriess<l!nlcult. While the
announcement of peace is expected to
hasten the full resumption of work In the
Rand it is likely that the industrial re
quirements of the reconstruction period in
South Africa will absorb qufte as much
cash as the mines produce in gold for the
remainder of the present" year. There is
consequently • little prospect for easy
rrioney unless gold comes from the Conti
nent. It is assumed that New York is
more likely to demand gold than to send
it here.
Hope of Early Peace
Causes an Advance J
in Prices.
Perhaps the most eloquent form praise of
Lord Pauncefote can take Is to observe that
he l*»f t relations between Great Britain and
the United States so smooth that it may ap
pear ungracious to revive memories of^the time
when they were troubled.
The Standard says
H<- will be remembered as the first and best
Embassador that this or any ottter country ever
accredited to the great republic.
LONDON, May 26.— The deep impor
tance attached hcra to the frlendshlo of
the United State's, could not be better ex
emplified than by the unusually sincere
expressions, ' published in the London
press, of regret at the death of Lord
Pauncefote, the British Embassador at
Washington, and in the high euloglums
of his career In the United States. The
papers .this morning 1 vie with one an
other in paying tribute to the inestimable
value of Lord .Pauncefote's work to -the
empire in the difficult position which,
the Daily Chronicle reminds its readers,
Is now the most exacting In the diplo
matic service and quite different irom
the time when Lord Stratford de Red
cliffe described the Washington legation
as "very pleasant socially, but not re
quiring any great talents politically.?
The Chronicle says:
'Lady Pauncefote to-day signified her
approval of the arrangements tentatively
made yesterday by which services are to
be held Wednesday at noon in St. John's
Episcopal Church, after which the body
is to be temporarily deposited in a re
ceiving vault at Rock Creek Cemetery.
A military escort will t* provided by the
War Department to attend the funeral,
which- will be of a state character. A
large number of messages of condolence
from all over, the world were, received
at the embassy to-day but they were not
made public. • .
WASHINGTON, May 25.— With the ex
ception of a few details, the arrangements
of the funeral services over the remains
of Lord Pauncef ote, the British Embas
sador, are now complete.
in Receiving Vault at Rock
Creek Cemetery.
Body Will Be Temporarily Deposited
ARRANGEMENTS COMPLETE
FOR PAUNCEFOTE FUNERAL
Chairman. Otto Lemcke; secretary. K. Wer
theimer; treasurer, P. J. Rathjens: Captain
John Thode, F. Hensel, D. Salfleld, R. Stettin,
H. F.' Lilkendey, 'August E. Goetze, J. W.
Goetse, W. C. Morken, Edward M. Stehn.^Hen
ry Meyer, August E. Meyer, Ferdinand Gooss,
Gustav G. Guenther, S. Heino. Emil Ipsen, L.
G. Hofmann, Alexander W. Papa, John ' D.
Heise, F. P. Schuster, Herman Huber, John
Utschig, Charles Peach, Edward II. Goetze,
Henry Stelling, John Rohs, August Eggert,
D. B. Faktor, John Gelken, John Lankenau.
The amateur quarter-mile race proved
the most exciting event of the day. Fred
Berges won, Harry Irwin secured second
place and George Berges third. The prize
was a handsome silver cup given by Al
Pape. The success of the affair was due
mainly to the efforts of the following
committee of arrangements:
The company, In uniform and accompa
nied by numerous friends, assembled at
Turn Verein Hall and marched to the
ferry In time to catch the 10 o'clock boat.
The day's amusements consisted for the
most part in dancing, bowling and rac
ing. F. Lilkendey, the -new king, was
crowned late in the afternoon amid great
enthusiasm.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
concluded its annual May festival yester
day with a family outing at Shell Mound
Park. The attendance was very large,
and those present voted - the occasion a
most enjoyable* one.
tertains Its Many Friends at
Shell Mound Park.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein En-
CONCLUDES FESTIVAL
WITH ANNUAL OUTING
Total 136
Runs at fall of each wicket — Two for 57.
three for 86, four for 114. five for 115. six for
120, seven for 132.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wick.
C. Banner 78 31 ••«.<? v 2
J. H. Harbour 18 17 0 O
E. G. Sloman 53 49 %1 '.• 3
— . Harkins 18 13 0 1
A. E. Acklom 30 15 S .1 1
70, ten for 74.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING. ;"v.<
Bowler. ' Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wick".
DMamleson .... »« 2S 2 -^
F.' Bennion R4 ¦ 27 " t
W. Jamieson 48 10 3 3
F. Bennion bowled 1 wide.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLCB.
D, Jamieson c. subs., b. Hosklns 25
E." H. M. Lannowe, b. C. Banner 8
B. KorUnjr. . b. Acklom 4U
F. Bennion. b. Sloman 21
W. Jamiesop run out 14
T. J. A. Tledmann, b. Sloman X
C. Stapleton, b. Banner 4
H. Prescott not out 2
E O. Chandler st. Acklom. b. Sloman »
Leg bye 1, byes 9 ...10
Total '• ; M
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 20..
two for 34 three for 37. four for 48. five for 52,
six for 151. seven for Gi, eight for 66. nine for
A team of members of the Pacific
Cricket Club, playing without Caaldy,
Coles, Langdale, Petherlck or Theobald,
and consisting of only nine men, defeat
ed an eleven of veterans, yesterday at
Alameda by the good margin of 63
runs. For the veterans J. H. McNaugh
ton. 19 not out. and E. G. Sloman, 17.
were the best performers. On the Pa
cific side B. Kortlang scored 42, D. Jam
lesen 25 and F. Bennion 21. The full de
tails are given below:
VETERANS.
E. G. Sloman c. D. Jamieson, b. W. Jamie-
A. E. Aciclom c. Lannowe. b. D. Jamieson.. t)
A K Aitken c. Bennion, b. W. Jamieson... 8
j'h" Harbour, b. W. Jamieson 3
\V. H. McNaushton not out 1»
C Banner run out .... 8
H W. Erown, b. D. Jamieson 1
G "Wiseman, b. D. Jamieson 1
— . Horkins, b.' D. Jamieson 1
K Burnett c. D. Jamieson, b. Bennion ...... I
A "VV. Wilding run out "I
Wide 1. byes 7 • «
Nine Pacific Men Win an Easy Vic
tory on Alameda Ground From
Eleven Old-Timers. '{r. i"
VETERAN CRICKETERS
ARE BEATEN HANDILY
With the work of building the Pacific cable
under way with a -private company of un
doubted integrity and responsibility back of it,
it seems U> me that the proposition for the
Go\ernment to expend $10,000,000 or. $20,000,000
In this enterprise is unworthy of consideration.
I do not belie've the Government should em
bark in any enterprise which can legitimately
be carried on by private individuals. John w.
Mackay, the head of this company, is held in
the hizhest esteem in California, both as a.
business man and as a citizen. I have abso
lute confidence In his word and that he will
do whatever he agrees to do. -
Representative Woods of California
said:
¦ I have been for years anxious for a cable
acrofs the Pacific. ' I • introduced the Corliss
bill, confident of its passage through both
bouses. I had an impression that the only
way to set a Pacific cable was to have the
Government build it. The fact has developed
that a perfectly capable private company has
decided to build, a cable without any Govern
ment aid and has begun the work. This com
pany, the Commercial Pacific Cable, has of
fered to build th^ cable upon its own respon
sibility with its own money, and at its own
risk, and as a fact is . now proceeding very
rapidly with the work. The Senate Naval Af
fairs Committee, to whom this bill was re
ferred, took u» the question and found that
this was the situation. I then asked that my
bill be indefinitely laid aside and the committee
assented to this by a unanimous vote. If the
Government should either now or hereafter de
sire to own a cable across the Pacific the only
reasonable thine for the Government ' to do ia
to let this company build the cable and then
bay it. /
Representative Loud of California, an
speaking to-day on . the same subject,
Eaid: ' ¦.. ¦ ; \
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N. W. r
WASHINGTON, May 25.— Senator Per
kins of California, who introduced the
Corliss Pacific cable bill in the Senate,
speaking to-day of the recent decision of
the House Committee on^Kules as to a
time for the consideration of the measure
in the House, said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Faulkner was a fireman on the South
ern Pacific up to a couple of years ago,
when he lost his position through gam
bling and the consequent garnishment of
his pay check. Since that time there
had been an estrangement between
Faulkner and his wife. Recently she be
gan arrangements to sue for a divorce.
Faulkner heard of her intended action,
and made the remark that if his wife
did not come back to live with him sne
would never live with any other man,'
but-no attention was paid to the threat.
To-day as Mrs. Faulicner was crossing
the track to call on a neighbor, wheeling
their ten-month-old baby in a carriage,
che was met by Faulkner. They had a
short conversation, but of what import
is not known. The first intimation of
trouble was when Faulkner struck his
wife. She grabbed the baby out of the
carriage, and as she did so Faulkner
pulled a revolver and commenced shoot
ing. The first shot went wild, but the
second struck Mrs. Faulkner in the up
p^r part of her right arm and shattered
the bone. The third shot entered her
hip and ranged downward, while a fourth
bullet entered near the small of the beck,
and, ranging upward, passed through her.
heart. He then turned the revolver upon
himself and fired a bullet into his right
temple, dying almost instantly. The face
of the baby was powder burned, but oth
erwise the -child was not injured.
OGDEJf, Utah, May 23.— Ren Faulkner.
an ex-Southern Pacific Railroad man,
shot and killed his wife and then com
mitted suicide this afternoon on the
Rio Grande Railroad tracks in the north
end of the Ogden yards. Jealousy was
the cause of the double crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
To-morrow night Enclna Hall will b«
the scene of the senior ball. Owing to
the fact that Manager Lathrop refuses to
allow the hall to be used for dancing
after 12 o'clock the committee has been
obliged to have the dance begin at 6
o'clock in the afternoon.
The annual anniversary meeting of the
University Christian Association was held
in the chapel to-night.' The meeting was
particularly well attended. The Rev. C.
R. Brown of Oakland spoke on "The
Message of Religion to the Men of To
day."
"Finally, let us dwell upon the structure
of that fourth pillar, which completes the
'star' of Emerson, in the essential ele
ment of Reverence. The age is not a rev
erent one; it cannot be until reverence Is
nursed In the conservatory of the home.
Parental restraint Is scoffed at by chil
dren barely in their' teens. Where the first
lessons of reverence are not home lessons
the spirit of reverence will likely pass
from home to school, to college and to
church."
"Taking the third pillar that supports
the temple of true Christian character, it
will be found in the doctrine of Annihila
tion—self-annihilation in service. The suc
cess which has attended you in your uni
versity career has been in. proportion as
j'ou have lost yourself in your subject.
Now as you go forth into the fulfillment
of your life purpose, just as you experi
erce this process of self-annihilation,
even so will your life work prosper.
FIRST LESSONS OF REVERENCE.
"Passing from the first letter of 'star'
ia the ideals of sanctification, we shall
consider the second pillar in the qualities
included in the spirit of Thoroughness.
Search where you will, there is not a
page in history that pictures such a thor
ough life as that which the gospels de
pict in the life of the son of God. No
where is the lesson of duty taught with
euch sublime force. This is an age of in
tenseness, -of unremitting struggle, in
which we almost idolize that quality
known as 'the strenuous life.' And who
knows It better than those who between
the ages of 20 and 30 are learning that the
only*genius Is the genius of hard work;
who toil on with ambitious flame to make
a mark for themselves in the world? I
ara confident that I stand this day before
hundreds of such lives who would hail
the encomiums of the professor, 'There
goes a thorough student,' with that just
pride that takes possession of the British
soldier's heart as he clasps the Victoria
cross. To you who go out from these
walls to make your record the burning
words of the great, strong thinker, Rob
ertson, when dying, 'It is finished,' must
come home with special force. To dig
deep down to the bedrock of your better
life, to build a strong foundation of a
Christlike faith, to erect a temple of life's
tasks in your profession as a citizen, as
a Christian gentleman and gentlewoman,
to do It well, to do it thoroughly.
LESSON OF DUTY.
"This method of viewing the foundation
of true character is a libel against Chris
tianity. A holy man is a wholesome man.
Sanctiflcation is good health. It enters
the very holy of holies of a man's being.
It involves a self-control— that royal
thing without which there can be no real
strength; the capacity to say 'I will' by
the grace of God when there is need of
a strong negation.
"When that great mind of New Eng
land, Emerson, urged the cultivation of
lofty aims his well-known counsel clinched
his conception of the true ideal in the
words, 'Hitch your wagon to a star.' I
take that word 'star,' and with the hope
of aiding the memory, what each letter
of the word stands for— sanctiflcation.
There is not perhaps a word In the whole
range of theology more misunderstood
and misquoted than the word 'sanctify.'
It would appear that the responsibility
for its misuse rests quite as much upon
the Christian as upon the non-Christian
world. I will venture to say that if I were
to point to a student crossing the campus
and say to an average companion, 'Yon
der is a saint,* that average companion
would intuitively picture a man separated
from his fellows, dressed in the uniform
of holiness and the possessor of a certain
spirit that would characterize the man in
the temple of old. 'God, I thank thee that
I am not as other men are.'
THE TRUE IDEAL.
"The reputation of this great university
is not made by the strength of her fac
ulty. Each and every one of you who
goes forth from her walls to take up life's
task, t<* do the duty that lies next to you,
to do it honorably and faithfully, to take
your place in the national life and to en
ter upon the rights of your citizenship —
upon you will rest the great responsibllity
of maintaining the name of your alma
mater. Nor can this be done by mere
cleverness, for behind mental ability
there must shine the light of a strong,
true, pure character. A clever man may
not be a good man, even as a good man
may not be a clever man; but goodness is
ever first in order. Therefore it is that
to complete an education a man must
know where he stands relatively as be
tween the life that now is and the more
abundant life beyond; or, if you prefer to
make it so, between the*natural life now
and that higher spiritual life which is
yours by the truth of birth and by the
birth of truth.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 25.—
The Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, pastor
of Trinity Episcopal Church in San Fran
cisco, preached the baccalaureate sermon
In the assembly hall this morning. Ho
took his text from Ephesians, iv:13, "Till
we all come in the unity of the faith and
of the knowledge of the son of God, "unto
a perfect man, unto the measure of the
stature of the father of Christ." He said
in part:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON MARKET
ENJOYS A BOOM
Polly was at least 25 years old. How
much older than that she may have been
is purely a matter of conjecture, as she
talked of everything but : her own age.
Ever since Mrs. Oelrichs was a child she
had Polly for a pet. The parrot was one
oi the members of the Fair household in
San Francisco. She traveled on the spe
cial car Cupid in which Mr. and Mrs.
Oelrichs made their bridal tour across
the continent. ' •
. Sorrow served the' household to-day
when it was known that Polly had drawn
her last difficult breath and had winked
her eye in vain at the grim fowler. The
bird had preed her feathers and had tried
in vain to rise to her feet. Her plumage
had lost its luster and her eyes were
devoid of that familiar sparkle, yet she
made a brave effort. -
, Arrangements for the funeral of Polly
are now almost complete, although it is
too early at present to give the full de
tails. . With plumage composed, with the
eyelids closed and tlie^ beak,- firmly com
pressed, Polly now lies in state. A box
carefully prepared will receive the form
and to-morrow morning it Is expected
that ornithological retainer of the houses
of Pair and Oelrichs will be conveyed' to
the Rhode Island watering place. The
interment will be on Mrs. . Oelrichs' es
tate. "'
NEW YORK, May 25.— Death to-day
claimed Polly, the -parrot which for a
quarter of a/'/century had been a pet in
the family, of Mrs. Herman Oelrichs. To
morrow that ancient and parti-colored
bird will be borne to her last resting
place!. Newport will furnish the sepulcher
and by the sea will she find repose. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
UNION, S. C, May 25.— Six persons
were killed and several were injured by
a tornado that swept this section of the
State this afternoon.
Dead:
Miss Sallie'Hart of Union.
Miss Annie Lawson of Union.
Mrs. Maxey Sims of Union.
Vera Sims'.' :, ¦
Miss JLawson, killed at Jonesville.
One person, unknown, at Pacdlet.
Injured: Maxey Sims, broken fingers;
Lee Sims, internally injured; William
Mabrey, fractured shoulder and bruised;
Mrs. Mabrey, bruised; two children of
Mrs. Mabrey, slightly injured.
Two storms, one from the north and an
other from the southwest, met near here
with terrific force. The storm was pre
ceded by a heavy, rain. One wing of the
tornado passed along Main street and
blew in several store fronts, doing much
damage to stocks. . : • •
Knitting Mill Hill,~ south of the town,
felt the full force of the tornado, which
blew down the school house and two resi
dences, converting them, literally into
kindling wood. The occupants ran from,
one of the houses just before it went to
pieces and took refuge in another near
.by, but this house was also crushed to
splinters. In this house Sallie Hart and
Annie Lawson were instantly killed, Mrs. N
Maxey Sims died in an hour and her little
daughter, Vera, died soon afterward.
Maxey Sims escaped with broken fingers.
Lee Sims received several cuts on the
head from falling timbers and was in
ternally injured. Mr. Mabrey sustained
a fractured shoulder and his legs were
badly burned by a stove falling on him.
Mrs. Lee Siiris received a bad but. not
fatal cut on the head. Mrs. Mabrey's two
children escaped with slight injuries. It
took some time to .get the- victims from
the debris. Every physician in town was
called «and they were assisted by the cit
izens in relieving the sufferers as much
as possible.
Jonesville reports that : the storm
wrought much damage there and that a
Miss Lawson was killed.
Pacolet also reports one killed and sev
eral injured. ¦'.-•¦ - "•
The property damage in Union is $50,000.
At the bridge Witherup's feet were tied
by the brother of the murdered man and
the senior Grow adjusted the rope about
his neck and pushed him oft the structure.
Witherup's neck was broken by the fall.
Its wcrk done, the mob left the body
hanging and dispersed quickly and quiet
ly. Coroner Johnson cut down the body
this morning.
Wltherup, at the bridge, made a full
confession. He said the killing, which
took place about four weeks ago, was the
result of a quarrel over a piece of land
that the two men were farming together.
Witherup attacked Grow one night as he
lay in bed, splitting his head open with a
hatchet. He then hauled, the body to the
Salt River and dumped 'it in. Witherup
vfes 55 years old and Grow. only 21.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 25.— Jesse
Johnson, a negro, who murdered M. D.
McCray, postmaster at Rensaller, Rails
County, Mo., on April 28. and who was
taken to the Paris jail on May 2 to pre
vent his being lynched, was brought here
to-night for safety. Johnson was placed
in the jail at New London, Mo., after
the murder. A mob stormed the jail on
the same*night, intent on lynching him,
but the officers had anticipated the act
and removed him to Paris. During the
excitement at Paris last night he was
placed on the train for Kansas City.
Whitecotton was swept aside and in a
few minutes Wltherup was secured. The
murderer made no resistance and in reply
to questions confessed his guilt. The
father and brother of the victim, were in
the mob and assisted In escorting the
murderer to the bridge a quarter of a
mile away.
The mob then quickly reappeared, sur
rounded the jail again and with sledge
hammers battered" down the big iron
doors. This was the work of but a few
minutes. James H. "Whitecotton, State
Representative, rushed into the jail as
soon as the doors gave way and made a
stirring appeal to the avengers to desist
and allow the law to take its course. The
leaders wavered for a minute and became
quiet and probably wo'uld have spared the
prisoner's life but for the frenzied cries
for vengeance set up by those in the rear.
The mob remained in front of the jail
for nearly two hours, parleying with the
officers, and finally marching away. The
officers remained on guard, but believed
that the mob had disbanded. About 2
o'clock several men approached and en
gaged the Sheriff and his deputies in con
versation. -Then, suddenly, before the
officers could defend themselves, they
were seized, disarmed and carried away.
The mob went at once to the jail, but
was held back for more than an hour by
Sheriff James W. Clark and Deputies
Martin Clark and Polk Masterson, who
stood before the entrance to the jail stock
ade with drawn revolvers and threatened
to shoot the first man who attempted to
force an entrance.
PARIS, Mo., May 23.— Abe Wltherup, a
white man, the» murderer of William
Grow, was taken from the . Paris jail at
2 o'clock this morning, marched to the
bridge on the north edge of the town
and hanged by a mob of more than 100
men, who rode quietly into '¦ town at mid
night. '
The Nelll company presented "A Bach
elor's Romance," a play in four acts, by
Martha Morton, at the California Theater
last night.
This play is a favorite one with the San
Francisco public and the story of David
Holmes, the young man grown prema
turely old and brought out of his retire
:nen by the awakening of love in his heart
by Silvia, his young ward; the fear that
he has learned life's lesson too late and
iiis struggle within himself to do right
and give up his new-found treasure into
the hands of the man he thinks she loves,
is beautifully and faithfully portrayed by
James Xeill.
The performance throughout was a good
one end too much praise cannot be given
to Mary Elizabeth Forbes, whose Sylvia
was a very true and dainty piece of act
ing. Miss Edythe Chapman was good in
I 1 :.* somewhat unsatisfactory part of Hel-
Le Grand. Jchn TV. Burton, as Mar
tin Beggs. the confidential man of David
Holmes, was excellent, and the rest of the
parts were in good hands.
There was a large house, which encored
unstintingly.
Dooley and Fowley have a clever black
race sketch and earn the applause which
they get. Little Klsie Imitates Cissy Lof
tus to perfection and acts the tough in a
\.ay which keeps the house in convul
sions. The two little Pucks do their turn
in a charming manner, and Sager llldg
ley and Gertie Carlisle have something
entirely new for this week.
lx,tta Gladstone scores her usual suc
cess in her quaint interpretation of the
country girl, and her popularity seems to
be on the increase. Stuart Barnes at once
jumps into favor with his original songs
and funny stories. He has some sayings
that are entirely new and original. The
i^icchiar.i troupe is a good holdover and
never fails to interest the audience with
its high grade acrobatic performances.
The cleverest bill the Orpheum manage
ment has given to the public in many
months was presented last night to that
contingent of enthusiasts who are always
ttmpted by a choice vaudeville bill. It Is
a laugh-creating show this week, and
those who enjoy jokes get their money's
worth.
The star attraction is Peter F. Dalley
and his company In "A Dress Rehearsal."
It is a most clever farce, and Dalley is
better than ever, which Is saying a great
deal for the popular comedian. 'me xarce
is. full of original jokes and witticisms
and scored a tremendous hit. Besides the
ever popular Dalley, Ed Oiarvie and Mol-
Xift^Tnompson give an imitation of the
•MB. ;mc siuru that is worth going miles
*W* e f • M al Lowery and John Hearney
also do their turns m the piece to perfec
tion. •
Woman Is Holding Her Bab©
in Her Arms When She
Is Shot Down.
Interment to Be Made on
. Her Rhode Island
Estate.
Father and Brother of Mur
derer's Victim Conduct
Execution.
He Is Satisfied With Line
Being Built by Mackay's
Company.
Houses Are Blown Down and
Many People Severely
Injured. ,
Stanford Graduates Directed
to Paths of Right-
ecusness. . '
NeiU Company Pleases an
Enthusiastic House at
California.
Jealous Husband Com
mits Suicide After
Killing Wife.
Terrific Storm Sweeps
Over a Section of
South Carolina.
Explains Why He Asked
to Have the Measure
Laid Aside.
Sermon.
Trinity's Pastor Delivers
a Baccalaureate
Batters Down the Iron
Doors of a County
jtrrison.
Clever Comedian Scores
Great Hit in His
New Sketch.
Mrs. Oelrichs Will Give
the Bird a Pine
Funeral.
DAILEY RETURNS
TO THE ORPHEUM
REVOLVER ENDS
FAMILY QUARREL
MOB STRINGS UP
WHITE MURDERER
PERKINS TALKS
ON CABLE BILL
GIVES ADVICE
TO COLLEGIANS
MOURNS DEATH
OF HER PARROT
SIX LIVES LOST
IN BIG TORNADO
THE SA1ST FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,. MAY 26, 1902;
All this week Hirschman's all-wool
men's. suits or overcoats, 'worth $15, for
}5 85 at the clothing manufacturer's sale
of the Lyceum, 915 Market street, oppo
site I Mason. • '• ' -¦ . • ¦
7
GBAPE-MTTTS.
BBSEBEBBBEBBBEflflBEBflBa
a Strong Food I
H & B
B B
f, 2* v * 3 2 longer |j
j~ staying: power g
~; than meat j~
I Grape-Nuts |
fa
a 1 l Grcccrs g
BBEBBBBEBBBBBBBBBBBBfli"
THE WORXD'S MEDICINE.
FOR ALL
and NERVOUS DISORDERS^
Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver & Female Ailments^
Prepared only by the Proprietor, Thomas Bmcham, St. Helens, England
- 365 Canal Street, New York. Sold everjwhere in boxes, 10c. and 25cTHE SAX FKiANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 26, 1902.
8
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED-— MALE. '.
PRA<*TICAL gardener wishes a situation; ref-
erences. . Address PAUL SCHOOF, ; Baldwin
House, 30-32 Ellis Et. ~ , '
FIREMAN, steady and reliable. 'wants position
as fireman cr oiler. 322 Fremont st.
A— $50 I WILL give any one who will secure
"> me a . permanent position ¦ of not less than
$40 a month as clerk, . packer or any position,
wholesale house preferred; am good penman,
' quick and accurate at figures; first-class ref-
erences. Box 477, Call office.
{ AN honest reliable man desires work in private
family; can: milk, take care or drive horses,
' do garden work or lawn mowing. I Address
r_470% Seventh st., room 20. . Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by expert mechanical
draughtsman; 20 yrs.' experience in the East;
designing, building & perfecting machinery:
In or put of city. R. M., box S28, Call office.
CHINESE, experienced first-class cook, wishes
position ; hotel, boarding or private - family ;
good references: satisfaction. Address C. F., :
639 California st. . j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
!.A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st t '- "
~^~' . FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES, incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. , Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
GOLDEN Gate ave., 975, opp. Jefferson Sq.—
Upper sunny modern flat of 5 rooms and bath.
HAYES; 1737 near Park— Sunny lower flat, 3
rooms ; large high basement; rent $11. -
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 0 sunny
rooms, bath, yard, basement; reasonable.
I THREE sunny flats, 4 rooms ; recently reno-
vated ; $14. 714 Natoma st., near Ninth.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms: furnished or unfurnished.
2829, Washington st. ___
TO let — Lower flat of 4 rooms; nice large yard.
Inquire 43 Fulton at., near Polk.
TWO nice new simny flats. 1112-1114 Fell sj..
near Scott: north side street. •
UNION, 1350 — Upper sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath; beautiful view; rent reasonable.
UP to date brand new 6-room flats; fine marine
view; yard: basement. 2935-2937 Pierce st.
UPPER 4-room flat and bath: no children; rent
$15. 336 Tehama st.
UPPER sunny modern flat 6 rooms and 'bath,
$25. 4159 Twentieth St., near Castro.
WALLER. 220— Sunny flet, 6 rooms, bath;
pleasant location; rent reduced.
2 FLATS of 4 large rooms, bath and laundry.
349 Liberty st. ¦ -
$26 60 — NICE flat; 6 rooms and bath: choice
location. Ill Liberty st.. nr. Guerrero.
$35— UPPER sunny corner flat <J rcoms and
bath. 218 Van Ness ave.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
inCE~LT!u7nished~flat of five rooms and bath,
with every convenience, from June 1. 20i}fc
Ninth st. -¦
FLAT. 1104 Eddy st. — Furniture, carpets, etc.,
for sale at a sacrifice on account of depart-
ure; call' 9 to 11:30 a. m.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished modern flat. 8
rooms, bath; newly renovated. 1228 Treat
t avenue. 1 __ ;
BEAUTIFULLY furnished sunny 7-room flat;
.'¦¦ Piano; garden. 2833 Washington st.
GOLDEN GATE 1517 — 4 rms. ; bath ; gas range;
¦ garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms.. $12 60; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE—^FURNISHED.
VALENCIA, 715, between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth — Sunny 5-room flat, comfortably fur-
nished for small family.
FOR sale — Fine sunny furnished 7-room flat;' no
\- agents. 355 Polk at. «
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED — To rent good modern flat of 5 to 8
rooms: rent must be reasonable; no agent.
Address box 492, Call office.
FCRJflTURE FOR SALE.
8 SUNNY rooms and bath; hot and cold water
1 and gas (furnished) and occupied; wishes to
• sen immediately; a good chance to whoever
it : will suit; will be sold cheap. 174 Perry st.
NE^V & up-to-date furniture & carpets of an
¦ ' 8-t-oom - modern • s«nny flat" near Van Ness
aye.', on Eddy st. ; rare chance. Box 403, Call.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE of 4 rooms in 7-room flat; cheap;
no dealers. Box 412, Call. '
FURNITURE ¦¦ WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days: special
reasons., S. J. WAUGH. r. 4y$. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. ~~
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP AV ANTE D— FEMALE.
WAITRESSES for all first-class resorts, springs
and watering places, $25 and $20; waitresses
for commercial and city hotels, $25 and $20;
restaurant waitress, country, $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY .335 Geary St.
MASSEUR for city baths, $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary Bt.
2 FANCY ironers, $30 and found; fancy ironer,
springs, $30, free fare both ways.
MRS. M. E. DAY .335 Geary st.
A — COOK. $30; 2 waitresses, country, $20 each;
housegirl, $30; second girl, $25; nurseglrl,
$20; ranch cook, $25. MRS. NORTON, ZU
Sutter et. -
! A REFINED nurse girl" for private family. C.
I R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
. YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. ¦
j WANTED — 5 girls to learn hairdressing. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private • customers assure $50
¦-to $75 per month; day and even, class; beware
of imitations; ours first and only college of the
. kind on Pacific Coast. 233 Geary st., rs. 13-15.
WANTED— An ] experienced, good, fast sewer;
good wages; steady work. S. N. WOOD &
. CO., 718 Market st. , -. .
GIRL for general housework. 1629 McAllister
street. ¦
GOOD hands 'on vests, who understand but-
tonholes; good wages. 641% Stevenson st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes C p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
RELIABLE girl,' 3 in family, housework and
cooking. 1711 Buchanan st.
WOMAN fcr 'cooking and (jer.p.riil housework
from 9 to 10. ' 701 Golden Gate ave.
NEAT girl for downstairs work; must be a. good
cook; good wages. 1180 O'Farrell st. •
WANTED — A young: girl to assist with general
hou sework. Apply. 1751 Post st. \ >'.
WANTED— A young . girl for general house-
work. 1805 Laguna at. -
WANTED — Second girl;, must be a good wait-
ress. Call 2519 Pacific ave.
SALESLADY wanted for dry and fancy goods
store. Apply 1400 Stockton St., bet. 11 and 1.
WOMAN or girl to care for child from 8:30
until 6. Box 497, Call office.
WAITRESS In Email restaurants $6 a week and
'.room; half day Sunday. £585 Market\st. \
YOUNG pi rl take care baby, help light hduse-
work; wages ;$8 to $10. 3703 Twenty-sixth.
OPERATORS, experienced: "also learners; paid
while learning.- G. W." REYNOLDS' muslin
underwear factory, ,697 Mission, : cor. Second.
WOMAN to keep, house; 2 grown, people, boy
6; excellent 1 home forright partyjdty refer-
ence. Box 490,; Call office.
A FEW, operators on ladles', underwear; begln-
, ners'paid while learning. * BAUER BROS.
. CO., 21 Sansome st.
GERMAN girl for housework and ¦ cooking; 3
:ln family; references required. Call Monday
from 10" to 12 at 1410 O'Farrell it. .->--
WANTED— Saleslady for silk waists. •-. etc.
CAILLEAU'S. 114-116 Kearny st.
WANTED — First-class . saleslady for suits and
--.'.: cloaks. , CAILLEAU'S. \ 114-116 'Kearny st.
GOOD vest operator. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S factory. 27 Gteary st.. top floor.
WANTED — Girl to learn to wait at table;
wages paid. ; Restaurant. 52 Eighth st. -.^
BUTTONHOLE maker on Reece machine. 541
Market's, st.,; upstairs. ;'¦. .' '
FIRST-CLASS operators "on pants. 541 Mar-
ket st., upstairs. i
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
THREE well-matched stylish carTl^2~7IT^T
average weight 2S00 pounds- perfectly train
eO; two coal black teams, ptand 16:3 hantl-
averags weight 2tt(»: six work horses' aver'aal
weight H00. and six fine large driving horses
Just from the country: thtse are all waii
broken; trials given. Call at CCCIDEXT \.T
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G. LAYNG* Pot
prietor, 248 THIRD ST.. formerly 731 "How-
ard 3t. ¦ ¦
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse J!arl
ket, 31T Sixth St.; a!sr> bugsies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
It a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
YOU can flriil what y-ru Wfcnt in tlie iionv linr
at STEWART'S Koiff Market. 721 Howard
*t.. near Third: phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyarci — Just arrived
several fine read and business horses new
buggies and harness. U30 Market, cor." 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by applylie'tu
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate av e.
FINE Rockaway, in . first-class condition foi
1 sale. Address 519 Fourth st.
Largest stock 2u-hand wagons buckboard nr-
rey.harnea3.work.driving horses. 15th&Valencia.
LARGE, handsome bay horso for business or
surrey; safe tor lady. 507 Jessie st.. nr. 6th.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harne«s
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission si!
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camD
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 533 Mission at.
2 LIGHT business bussies; also 1 lisht ton
buggy. 1370 Turk st. D
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse in good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inauirs at
Call office. ¦*
INVESTJIENTsI
RICH mining' - claim at Nome; too good' ¦A?
miss; terms very reasonable. The Invsstorsl
Affency. 137 Montgomery st., S. P. \ \
LOST AXD FOUND. ~
LOST — Saturday, opal bug pin with diamond
eyes: heirloom. Return to BURNHAJI &
MA"RSH CO.. 20 Montgomery Bt.; liberal re-
ward.
LOST— Saturday, yellow collie dog; leather col-
lar and tag. 928 York st.
LOST— 2 English setter puppies, whlta and
lemon; reward. 1519 Masonic ava.
IT will pay to "Remember" that ths CallfornU
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old p>14
and silver to make new watch case*.
FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-band machinery,
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont it.
COLLEGE kennels has 8 head of dogs, whlcH
must be sold for board; also a fine stock, of
dogs and pups of all descriptions; can b«
bought on your own terms. 115 Haight »C.
phone Fell 6811.
A — BUYS, sells or rents rear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleya.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; bis stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th«
Bninswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 632 Ml33loa.
NEW and Zd-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, ¦wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale at.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new. cost
$220. will sell if taken at once for $100 cash-
bust 38. Box 172S. Call office.
FOR sale — 6 mantels, 300- weight of tiles, 700
feet of molding'. Call from 5 to 7 p. m.. 1214
Steiner st.
LOTS of hard old bricks on hill; Waller aai
Buchanan; $5 50 cer M. .
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (alV
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 13S Beats st.
S DOLLARS — Singer sewing machine; good on
der. 1571 Market St.. near Twelfth.
BARGAIN — 2 good bicycles, high gear; also
rooming-house, 6 ma., all rented^ S74 Howard.
BOATS, launches, rowboat3 carried ia stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movtnjs
picture machines, films. Eacigalupi. 93^ Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sixes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McJIasters. SK.cor.lir.d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boiler*
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 51» Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pir-
tures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
..CHEAPEST and .best In America— The . Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th*
¦United States or Canada one year fcr $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin ccais; also geats*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S*.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. Box 4960. Call office.
HIGHEST prices paid for diamonds and . seal-
skins; will call; confidential. Box 463. Call.
TILTON wants gocd second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie" 2531.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnswerthElectrlcal'Wlts..418Turlc.
BIOXEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 001-602 Examiner~bldT.
$4,500,000 at Ies3 than bank rates......
LOANS MADE ,v
On first and second mort sages *
Life interests in estates. ...... ...I
Property being held In trust. ...... f
Undivided interests in real estate
Estates in probate — Legacies. .......
Assignment of rents ...i
.....Life insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-C02 Examiner building
A— R- McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery «C. room JL
Loans any amount at lowest rate*.
Deal direct wltb lender, fr-^
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. . ¦£
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real eattt*. - »,
On estates in probate. ¦¦¦-••: 1
On legacies.
NO DELAY. ySsil
Telephone Main 6318.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room \-
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5 to and 6 per cent in sums to suit j
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property!
•econd mortgages, Ufa insurance and securi-
ties: loans en unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
•econd and third mortgages, estates la pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OL3EN-
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg., 328 Montgomery •**.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long: or 3hort term.
MONEY to loon in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc. at lowest rate of
interest; privata and confidential. TOMLIN-
KON & CO.. 105 EUis St.. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 810
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office: 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2J mortgages and on fur- '
nlture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
•lowest rates. BECKER, SR Geary St.. room 3iV
$10 TO 5100 loaned salaried people. without »•"
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; !owes:
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott bl? 1
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSEY.
£6 Montgon>«ry St.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
B. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salarTei
people on their not#.
THE TOUSLEY CO ...143 Paelan bldg^
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quiclc:
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage
tellable. party. 1170 Market st.. room 6S. __
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat»
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bids.. S01 Jone*.
ELFVING. K1C Examiner big.; loans on pianos.
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal:
no brokerage charged; confidential: open eves.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, farn..
without removal: conflden. 935 Market, r. X
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rat*«: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture ft pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 17C9. room 81. 0 Eddy, flaor
Mcney loaned salaried people witnout security.
HILL, r. 44.. Merchants' Exc. 431 Callforn'.^
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on eacjy,
81000: acy security. 802 Montgomery st.. r. 1. 1
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
»ndorscr. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bid?- _
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; East?ra
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bldf-
BAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franc»s>co
Call, corner of Market and Third Etreets; open
«r.til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
EKANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 0:20 p. m.
SCO Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
fZ» McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m. I
lit Larkin street; open until 3:30 p. m.
J9-U Mission Etreet; cpen u=tll 10 p. m.
ESCI Market street, corner .Sixteenth; open
Ctitil 9 p. m.
106 Elevt-ntb etr*-et: cpen until 9 p. m.
IC36 Valencia street: open until 0-p^ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky t-ueets; cpen until 0 p. in.
«00 ! : 'il!mor«! rtrect: open tint!! 9 p. vn.
MKETIKG NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -£
No 1U. K. T fi£5 Sutter *l. — Special *Wf*
a=semt!y THIS EVENING at 8 ttjjj
oc-Jock. Order cf Trnipltf. AU fra- *S¥
Vtrt are courteously invitcu. '
It. B. MOORE, Em. Com.
THEO rnCUCH. Reecr4cr. •
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. RoyST"" m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. *»_.
Ii» A. decree. , /LX
H. G. PRrKCE. Sec. /Vl
OCCIDENTAL I-cJse No 22. F. and A. »
IL— THIS iMONDAY) EVENING at
7 :30 o'clock. Second degree. By order }L3f
of the Master. /Vi
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MOUNT MCEIAli Lodpe No. 44, F. n
and A. M. — Officers snd tucmbers are _ff*^
lYKpectiulIy reiiutsteu 1 tc assemble at /JL2?
the Temple THIS DAY, at 2 o'clock ' V '
p. m.. for the purpoic of attending the
funeral obsf-quies »>1 Brother WILL.! AM
SIJ.irSON. late memUr of l'clmer L,odge No.
272 :iridse!>ort. Ontario. Iiy order «jf the
Yl'.'M. THEO rr.OLICH. fi-«.
KINO SOLOMON'S I.oige N3. £G0. F. «
and A M.. 1SW ITtllmore st. Third _JV_
d.-gree THIS EVENING at 7::5O )Sjf
o'cJocU. HAURY BAEKE. Sec. '~ ,
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its . or >.
thirty-sixth erand annual cather- 3^ Q>,uJ
ing and cames at Shell Mound "*2iK2jp&
Park, FRIDAY. May 30, 1902. The *e«£Xi
most renowned athletes ironvthe East and
Padfla Coast will compete. Prizes amount-
ing to over $300") will be distributed. In ad-
dition to the above, a cold medal, valued at
S250, will be awarded to the best player ou
the bagpipes of Scotch national airs, con-
sisting cf Dibrochs, marches, strathspeys and
reels. Hichland dancint on platform by
lade and lassies in costume. Over 40 exciting
« vents on ike programme! Get one. Full
band for pavilions. Pandtue until 6 p. m. A
Scotch welcome extended to all. Buy round
trip tickets to Shell Mound Park. Admission
to crounds, adults, :>Gc; children. 25c.
, A. II. MacPHERbON, Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
ANNUAL Ueetine— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 2Cth day of May.
3902. a.t the hour of 3 o'clock p.'m.. for the
purpose cf «!ecti;uc a board of directors to
rtrve fcr the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion cf such other business as may come be-
fore the meetinc Transfer books will close
ca Friday. May 1(5. VM!2. at 3 o'clock d. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. 32T Market Ft.. San Francisco, Cal.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold a special examination
at examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission. City Hall. San Francisco, Cal..
• commencing TUESDAY. May 27. 1902, at
10 a. nr.
CHAS. C. WAPSWORTH. M. P.. Sec.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
H. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
013; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages,- partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's: call or write.
ADVICE Iree: divorces a speqialty: quick; quiet;
co charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. VT. HOYTE. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open everv evening: low fees;
Ell cases. J. M. THUKSTOX. M9 Market St.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k«>t gt.: consultation free: rn fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Uxchanee.
AJ.LEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call ;
before buying: repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market. 196S to 1974 Page.
niRDS. DOGS. E2TC.
i'.OBISON'S BIRD STORE— ™ "~
S35 and 337 Kparny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
LsrreKt and test arpointed place in the country. '
BOOKS XEW AND OLD. \
BOOKS of all kinds bousbt: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 11-19 Market; tel. Howard 1918.
BUSINESS CHANCES. ~~
A— 5UC0; HALF interest in one of the best
paying saloons in this city. Particulars R. •
G. WILKE. -Zy-^i Kearny st. ¦ ¦/ - |
A— $1CCO: HESTAURANT on Market St.; daily j
receipts about $00; lease; splendid chance; a
money maker. Call R. ii. WILKE. 2$}i"|
iCtarny st.
A — $1250; COFFEE saloon and restaurant near
Market and Powell eta.; value 52DUU; make;
DC ofter: sickness cause of selling. See R. !
O. WILKE. 2ii'i Kearny st. ¦ . • i
A— $25«: RESTAURANT; cost to fix up $600; I
rent $15; splendid location; a great bargain !
and gjod business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2«i>4 i
Kearr.y sU |
A--J450; BAKERY, established years; all store 1
tr&cie: rent $40; :> rooms anl kitchen; baking I
1 barrel yer day. Ca!! R. G. WILKE, 20>4 I
Kearny Et.
A SALOON cr. Fourth st., near Market; $650. ¦
A «aloon; half interest; $750. i
A branch bakery and notions; §550. !
Call P.. G. WILKE. 2SU Kearny et. ;
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale I
Oepot clearing above $^50 per month; estab. I
years; the best investment In any kind of i
t< tnmimtm. g Can R.-Q.t WILgg. 26 \? Kearny. I
A— $800: PARTNER wanted in fine payins~and j
best located restaurant on Suiter st.; sick- '
nets compels owner to take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. .See R.
G. WILKE. -J.W/2 Kearry Et.
A — $C50: OYSTER ar.d chop house; clears $150
month; bargain. STRAND. 1007 Va Market.
A— $1250; CORNER grocery and bar: fine stock-
fixtures; 2 cash registers; good trade;3 rooms-
4 years' lease. STRAND, 1007'^ Market st.
A — $C25; BRANCH bakery and variety store- 4
rooms; cheap rent. STRAND. 1007^ Market.
A -f-. w " E buy ' seI! or « x change business of any
kind. STRAND & CO., 1007K Market st.
A— $200; CIGAR store; rent $10; will sacrifice
lor g.5 to-day. STRAND, 1007^ Market Et.
A PATRON invested $100 wjto us; his avera~e
cividends were ?5 15 a week; in less than
rive months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against «ios*;
cividencs are paid every Monday; we have
c*en doing business ior years, and never a
Ices; we accept accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend for week ending May 24, $5 us; write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
t>15. Emma Spreckels building.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries. EsUoonfc. hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call or write for our free list. HEA-
LY & CARR Realty and Mining Co., 713
Market et.. room 406; tel. James 4121.
A — WANTED; reliable, active man to take
State or county pattern rights in one of the
. most profitable and salable articles in exist-
ence; email capital required. P. S. DE
LUCA. 318 Kearny Ft., room 1.
BARBER shop, country town, good business
bargain price, $150: delicatessen store
monthly business ?600. good fixtures, price
$450. G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market
ft., bet. Sth and 6th; phone Mint 191L
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in light business-
$18 to $2j a v.eek; no night or Sunday wcrk-
duilea light and easily learned; trial given
before buying. 25 Geary st., room 1. ~
"A — Hardware, oaint and oil business in very
- best town this State; nets $250 mo.; invoice
my stock: no good will; snap rent. See
Hedges, 4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. S25 Market.
$350^— LUNCH and coffee parlor; fit for 2 part-
ner !L2 r J T1 , an and wlfe - For Particulars call
at <9fs Folsom st.
P 4S, T S ER 13? baBlne8S Paying $400 per month.
*42 Howard st.
V»* ANTED— Sec. and treae. for a large mfg Co
in this city; must be ab'.e to take $1000 to
$2000 in stock, which will be taken up at
expiration of term. Address Mfg.. box 475
Call office. .__ ' >o>
WE have cash buyers for real estate of various
kinds; lodging-bouses. grocery stores, sa-
loone, cigar stores, rooming-houses - The
Coast Real Estate Co., 783 >£ Market st.
AN excellent opportunity for an active man
with a few thousands to buy out old
established business' dealing in f ta pic mer-
chandise. Address box 5o:;. Call office.
" TOBACCO and cigar store. - with living rooms
and furniture; price $80; must be sold. 140
First et. - .
A GOOD plumbing business ; a good chance to
the right party. Inquire Emma Spreckels
building, room 007. M. H. RODMAN.
FOU eale — A country tailoring catabllshment.
Apply REIES BROS. & CO., 24 Kutter 6t.
FOR sele — Good paying saloon, account other
buci&ecs. Address box £01, Call office.
WjPT.T» WAy TKP— -FEM Al .K— -Own.
Hairdressing, • manlcurinjr, massage, bleaching,.
• dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $5U to $75 mo.; 2
I weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 04.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 541 Market
St.. upstairs. . ,~. ¦¦; "
A VEST hand wanted. . Apply 13 Mason st.,
rocm C. .... - . ...
.WANTED — An - apprentice ; for 'dressmaking;
paid while learning. 1111 Van Kess ave.
PANTS operators , wanted by S. N. WOOD A
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st. . ;
I? AM desirous of engaging a business woman
who can earn S12 a week. Box 410. . Call. .
GOOD hand at dressmaking. . 782 Geary st.,
between Hyde and Leavenwcrth.
CATHOLIC girl to do housework in family of
two. Call 795A Clayton st. ,
WANTED-^-Saleslady. Apply between 8 and
¦11a.m. at HALE BROS.' / '
EXPERIENCED waitress; also active young
girl to learn waiting at table. 725 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO., 535 Market St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions^ has been 'established at 10«6
Valencia' st. ; ¦ . " . "¦•-'¦¦
„ HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & -BEADY... .Phone Main 5848
... ....... 634-630 Clay St
"..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
......... ...Office Open 7 a. m
To ¦ Nevada . . . .Free Fare . . . .State Nevada
V-.. SHIP R. R. MEN TO-DAY
To Reno, to Wadswortli. to . Elko. to Iron
Point, to DHha. to Vista, to the Salt Lake
division. Moleen. Rokeby, and all points in
Nevada
360 teamsters free $2 25 to $2 50 day
175 rockmen, fare KfU 25 to $2 50 day
375 laborers. Nevada $2 25 and $2 day
Gang of laborers for steam shovel
..?....;........... $2 to $2 25 day
Gang of men for concrete work
$2 to $2 25 day
Car dumpers, free .$2 to 52 50 day
100 drillers, fare. Nevada $2 50 day
- Engineer for steam shovel . .$125 por month j
Blacksmith for railroad camp, Nevada. ...
.; $60 and found
....SANTA FE RAILROAD CO. WORK
.;... Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfield, etc '
150 men for the Santa Fe system, different
- gangs. $1 75 day. free fare, ship daily
...FARE-IS PAID TO 114 DIFFERENT...
SAWMILLS ••• -
479 .men to work in sawmills, woods and
yards, piling lumber, running machines and
making yourselves generally useful; wages
$35, - $30 $50. S40 and found ; no experience
r.eeded; 'you'll suit FARE PAID
3 barkers. $35 and found; 3 crosscut saw-
yers, $35 and found: 4 lumber graders. $75,
see boss here; 10 lumber pliers, north, ,$40
and found;. 4 carpenters, sawmill company,
$75 and found Humboldt County.. SawmilU
CHEAP FARES
20 men to pile lumber. Humboldt County;
15 laborers to work in woods, Humboldt
County, $40 and found; wo have very cheap
rates for this job
MECHANICAL HELP
10 carpenters for big sawmill company. $<5
end found; 3 carpenters, rough work, long
job country $2 75 and found; 7 carpenters,
mine company, fare $2, $3 day; blacksmith,
sawmill company. $45 and found; blacky
smith country shop, $75; blacksmith, coun-
try. $52 and found; ranch blacksmith, $50
and found 1 •' •
Blacksmith, country shop, 6ee boss here to-:
day Sunday; engineer, steam shovel. Neva-
da; 'free fare. S125; cooper, see boss here. $40
and found; carriage painter; sticker hand,
$3 50 a day: 2 brick molders, mine, $75....;
• MINES
Gold and Silver
, QUARRIES
18 miners, gold quartz mine, $2 75 day; 5
miners, shaft work, 8 hours, $3 day; 3 min-
ers, good mine, $75; 4 miners, north, $82 50;-
25 muckers, good mine, $75: 20 laborers for
different mines, $30 to $42 and found; 25
quarry men, $2 25; 15 laborers, $60
LABORERS
.Factories, and others
6 laborers, factory, $1 75 day; 6 laborers, city
factory, $1 50 and $1 75 day: 10 laborers,
manufacturing Co., country. $2 day; 15 la-
borers, city, $42 and found; 6 laborers,
— l>oard home. $2 day: 25 laborers, 12 miles
from San Francisco, $60, free fare; 10 labor-
ers, near city, free fare, $42 and found
FARMS
Haymakers .Fruit Pickers
10 men to run mowers, $40- and found: 15
haymakers, $1 50 day and found; 127 hay-
makers, all counties, $1 25 day and found;
hay balers; 157 farmers for steady jobs on
fruit farms and vineyards; 75 milkers, but-
ter makers and cheese makers; 15 men to
pick fruit, ' pack fruit, work in packing
houses, etc., -$30 and found; 7 men to pick
and pack asparagus, $26 and found
MISCELLANEOUS ...
Coachman, see boss here, $30 and found;
choreman, private family, $25 and found;
milk wagon driver, city.- $40 and found; 4-
horse teamster, lumber _ wagon ¦ city, $15
week; roustabout in factory, city,j$l 75 day;
boy with some knowledge of machinery, $1
to $1 25 day; 5 teamsters, city. $60; 5 stable-
men, $60; 3 buggy washers, $60; hostler, near
city, $30; stableman, country stable, $35 and
. found; 15 boys, city factories', $7 week; boys
to learn trades
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •
Cooks . ... Walters Kitchen Help
Cook, good country hotel, $45 • and found;
cook camp, $35; 18 cooks, ether places; 3
ranch cookB; 25 waiters; 34 kitchen hands,
$20, $25, $30. $35 and found* butcher, country
shop, $30 and found;, secoril baker, country
shop, S40 and found j
MURRAY & READY...... 1.634-036 Clay st.
SPECIAL (.
2 camp waiters, mine Co $34 and found
1 vegetable man. mine $30 and found
Hundreds of other positions Come, see
¦ MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay St.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
59 3d St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405
.... Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
Office fee ?l
To all points In Nevada and Utah — Salt Lake
Division.
Free fare 5 Free fare
300 teamsters 2 $2 25 to $2 50 per day
200 laborers $2 25 per day
250 rockmen $2 25 per day
¦ 350 concrete men $2 25 per day
Free fare... Office fee $1 No other expenses
12 saw mil! and woodsmen. $26 to ¦ $65 per
month and board; 10 R. R. laborers for big
lumber company. $2G per month and board..
SHIP MONDAY ...... FARE ADVANCED
...... FOR LUMBER WOODS)
2 barkers $40 per month and board
2 crosscutters ......$40 per month and board
2 chain tenders . ...?40 per month and board
2 jack Bcrewers. $40 per month and board
¦ 2 head tree fellers.. $50 per month and board
0 swampers $35 per month and board
FOR SAW MILL
1 fireman $R0 per month
1 stationary engineer $75 per month
2 head setters $3 per day
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
10 men to grade on skid road.. $35 mo. &bd.
5 carpenters' helpers $2 per day
5 carpenters $4 per day; fare paid
0 haymakers .. $1 25* per day and board
- Man to milk 18 cows.. $30 per mo. and board
- 10 fruit pickers $1 per day and board
10 laborers and teamsters, city $2 per day
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 50 Third st.
A— PAC. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
j.. '.Phone Main 1191...
400 teamsters, concrete men, rock men, steam
shovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
• Free Fare To-day
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake division
' Ship direct; fee $1
200 railroad men; S. P. Co. and Santa Fe
30 boys to learn trades. .... .$4, $9 per week
. « carbuilders :....... $3 per day
5 cabinetmakers *.:...$:{ per day
4 shoemakers, country ......... .$2 per day
• laborers; mine $2 per day
5 carmen; north .$2 per day
3 miners; south ..$2 50 per day
2a quarrymen $2 per day
4 restaurant waiters; country.. $30 and found
Cooks, waiters, etc.; city.. ...$10 to $60
5 tie swampers: Mendoclno Co.. $35 and found
1 tie sledder: Mendoclno Co.... $40 and found
10 tiemakers; Mendoclno Co .Top -wages
lt> farm laborers .....$125 and found
4 boys for drug store $5 week
1 apprentice boy for optician...... •
' 1 b , Ia £k sm lth's j helper; city. ... . . . .$2. "per day
17 laborers and miners. San Benito Co. . . ..
I p§ and^o^ oS
10 ,. a T JF A *; STER £' J,' 2 S5 ¦aay.'.and 10 laborers,
same place, $2 day, free fare, see boss here
M™ da >: rl mo ;; nln <f = l»bore» for mills, mine™
pick and shovel and other work at eoine
wages; farmers, milkers, men and wives and
otherh.1^ J, F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac?
10 CARPENTERS for country/ $3 50 day 3
, 1st for m 11, $.{ 50 day; engineer for sawmill.
$i5,_6 blacksmiths, $2 50 and $3 day and
• * 2 w da ? an< ? boa Jfd; 3 blacksmiths' helpers-
cabinet maker. $3 day; painter and paper,
hanger, $2 day and board; ; carriage paint-
ers; harness • maker; . 2 , shoemakers $2 day,
: f2 n 8 d la^anTe^o^s't? 5 - J ' F " «£
ANDRE'S Office."- 3t« Stockton st.— Waiters for
country. $25 and $30; 3 waiters, city $8 and
$9 a. week; waiter for resort, $20; porter $"0-
barkeeper and do janitor's work. $50;' man
and wife to take charge of small Vineyard"
$40; second cook, $70; choreman for Tesort!
A tinf A S W^ ait A r » t or commercial - hotel.
_ MRS. M. E. DAY. ............. .335 Geary st ;
A M5°^ TEn ¦ f ° r sprIng:s> 23; bellboy, springs.
_MRS. M. E.;dAY_. . . . „ . ... . .335 Geary at.
A 7t?? A JL f ° r general work, priest's home, coun-
try, 5_'f>.
'MRS. M. E. DAY..... :........ 335 Geary st.
WANTED— -Boy to run errands and learn
, trade; call after 8. R. MONK. 305 Mission.
BO^«?» leftrn carria 2e painting. GOWAN &
GORMAN. 316 McAllister st.
" .- ¦ ' . . ..
. HELP WAJfTED^— MALE— Com.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 420 Bush st.
; ......Between Kearny and Grant ave
Free Fare. ...........Free Fare
..New Railroad Work •••
Ship To- Day .....: Ship To-Day
. FOR NEVADA .... • "• - - -
500 teamsters .....$2 and $2 p a day
600 'laborers........ $2 a da -y
500 rockmen> ..$2 23 a .day
500 concrete men. ............... $2 25 a day
2 blacksmiths..... , $^ a day
Foreman for steam shovel gang
.FOR CHATSWORTH PARK. ...
500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and outside
laborers $1 75 to $3 a day
. ...Ship To- Day -
Free Fare Free Fare
tO lumber pliers and laborers for country
sawmills. $30 to $35; 50 laborers, near city.
$2 a day and fare paid; 10 laborers fpr a
quarry. $2 a day; 20 farmers. $25 and $30;
20 haymakers. $1 25 and $1 50 a day; 10 milk-
ers, $.'50 and $35; milk wagon driver, $40;
3 blacksmiths, country. $2 25 and $2 50 a day
and board
..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Head cook. $S0; second cook, $50. for a moun-
tain resort, see party here; second cook. $50:
third cook, $35. for Arizona, free fare; 6
second cooks and broilers, city. $C0 to $70;
10 cooks, country hotels and restaurants. $40
to $60; baker for Oregon, $60; baker for sum-
mer resort. $50; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, $25 and $30; bedmaker for springs.
$25
Head waiter for first-class watering resort,
$50, see party here; 6 waiters, country hotels
$25
Shampooer and wife for summer resort on
shares or wages; bath man, good shampooer.
for watering resort; starch er, country, $55;
washer, country, $60; plain laundryman,
springs, $30
Opposite California Hotel .
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....429 Bush st.
60 Greeks for railroad work "in Nevada,* $2
a day and board themselves, free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
WANTED— Reliable man with $200 to taks
retiring partner's interest in a well-estab-
lished business that will easily pay $75 a
month, experience not necessary; good op-
portunity for a good man. Address box 585,
Call office.
WANTED — Manager for branch store, grocer-
ies and general merchandise; must invest
$500 to $1000 in stock of corporation: good
salary will be paid. Call or address Prlnci-
pal. room 23, Lick House.
WANTED— Young man, 17 to 18 years old.
with good reference: steady position. E.
MESSAGER, 145 Post st.
COPPERSMITH apprentices wanted: age 14
to 16 years: par' to commence with. Box
499. Call office.
WANTED— "For restaurants, cooks, waiters,
porters and kitchen help; no fee. Apply 52(
Montgomery St., room 1.
WANTED— Bright boy 12 to 15 years old to
run errands and deliver light packages. Ap-
rly before 9 o'clock 111 EUis st.
WANTED— Experienced milk driver. 1408 De-
visadero st.
YOUNG man to learn the shoe business; must
be steady, intelligent. 418 Larkin st.
WANTED — Lunch waiter. 258 First st.
YOUNG man to learn waiting and clean up in
dining-room. 126 Ninth st.
WANTED — First-class porter. Apply early.
¦ Oak Shaving Parlor. Ill Ellis st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 211 Scott st.
GOOD young carriage blacksmith helper who
can work little on fire. S2.S Harrison st.
WANTED — Elderly business man: must write
a good hand. Call 500 Halght st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 108 Hayes St.; call
early.
WANTED — Bell boy; make himself generally
. useful. 29 Stockton st.
BOY wanted to drive wagon and take orders.
Oakland Oyster -Co.. 423 Seventh st.
BARBER shop and laundry office, with two
livlnsr rooms; rent $10. 921 Harrison st.
FOR SALE — Cheap, barber's outfit; mirror,
chair, razors, etc. 1329 Pine st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Young man from 16 to 18 years of
age to learn the dry goods business. State
age. experience, if any, and salary expected.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ~
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
' rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. "^
WANTED — A reliable man for light, genteel
- work; will pay $75 per month; experience not
. necessary; steady place; must have $150 cash.
- Apply 765 Market St., room 3.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE7~26~Montgomery. r. 12.
Second cook. $60; barman, $25 and found; 2
waiters, $30: head waiter, $45.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemlte Towel
Supply Co.. 708 McAllister: phone Kate 20.
WANTED — A thoroughly competent and expe-
rienced salesman for retail boys' and chil-
. dren's clothing. Address box 415, Call.
WANTED — Young man about IS years old for
furnishing goods department. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
BOY, about 16 years, for general work In
wholesale house. L. SAMTER & SON, 518
Market st.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24
Sutter st. ¦ .-
WANTED — A steady young man as assistant
Janitdr; must have references. Apply room
40. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop for sale in
San Jose. Inquire G. DRAGVEITCH. 140
Fowell St.. S. F., or of STOLTZ.
EXPERIENCED agents' for country; big com-
missions. Apply Royal Portrait Co., 143 7th.
COATMAKERS and basters; good pay. 541
Market St., upstairs.
WANTED — Mechanics, agents 'and solicitors.
Call Inventors' Mfg Co.. 137 First st.
WANTED — First-class salesman watch and
Jewelry store; refs. Box 502, Call office.
$350 — PARTNER; rare chance; lady or gent;
for medicine tent show. Box 500, Call.
WANTED — A wrapper. Apply to superlntend-
, ent of THOMAS DAY & CO.. 725 Mission st.
CABINETMAKERS wanted; steady work; good
wages. Bush & Mallett Co., 6th & Bluxome.
FOR sale — A three-chair barber shop; must be
sold at once. 215 Sixth st.
WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point; $2
per day. City Street Improvement Co.
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith and helper.' 537
Brannan st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hair
price. . 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
W ANTED— Boy of 16 or 17 years, residing
with parents. Box 1745, Call office. ; •
•WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
" big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
C0c,up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
, Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
'GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
¦ ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; frw
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. —
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions ' has been established at lOyti
Valencia st. ' . •
~~~ HOUSES TO LET. -
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms; . 0 Ewer place, off
Mason, between Clay and Sacramento. Ap-
ply 10 Ewer place. : '
FILBERT. 1221 — Rent $18; 7 rooms and batb;
large sunny yard; water fr«g. ..-'...
H PUSES TO 1 . LET-. KUKX ISHKP.
FURNISHED house to rent for months June
i and July; piano and telephone: rent reason-
oble to responsible parties. 2526 Washington.
RAGE. 443— Sunny furnished house. 9 rooms :
¦piano, large yard, excellent neighborhood.
HOUSES TO LET — COUXTRY.
MLNLO(Falr Oaks)— New cottage. 7 - roomsT
; bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 73 Geary.
nrsi\F.<i CHANCE*— CnnflnnfA.
7aSEl>H~sJTlRAlGBTrT~7.?r^^
A — Saloon and lodging-house, kept by pres-
ent owner for over 20 years; doing a good
j business; the only reason . lor selling on ac-
count of death; a good bargain; lease to suit.
? * * Country peddling outfit, complete;
will be sold at actual cost; full particulars
of route; gocd opportunity for any one. • • •
Very good , saloon, near the Chronicle build-
Ing: »Iay and nlsht trade; lease. • •, •' *
Gocd paying restaurant, one block north of
Market St.; sold on account of sickness;
lease, investigate. • • • Partner in a pay-
Jr.g manufacturing business: no experience
reeded. • • • Bakery, baking S barrels
daily: good store trade; horses and wagons:
. .fine opportunity for a baker. • • • Old
established falcon near Hall of Justice;
owner retiring. • • ' • Small restaurant,
Fouth of Market st.: clears over $S0; rent
$15. * » • Good paying grocery and bar,
eouth of Market St.: well stocked; gocd bar
trade; cheap rent. * • • Fine saloon, north
of Market Et. ; well patronized by a good
class of people; good stock; dally receipts
?50; investigate. • • • Partner In a saloon
Fouth of Market St.. or will sell whole; owner
has other business to look after. • * * Old
established wine and liquor store; large bar
and outside trade; horse and wagon; owner
retiring: investigate. • • • Call on JOSEPH
STRAI-B, S50 Market St.- ¦
ROADHOL'SE at terminus of electric cars;
large ETnund.--; 17 rooms and bar; rent low;
horse, wagon, cow; In fine running order;
gSOOO. EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market St.
GROCERY store in the Mission; rent $12 50;
price f 'M0.
Fine grocery In South San Francisco; will
sell at invoice, about $000; prominent corner.
Clear ttand, with billiard and card rooms,
for S4C0.
Furnishing goods business in country;
terminus of railroad; good mining country;
fine trade: for $1000.
Tea, coffee and spice business; new stock;
fine store: $550.
Large list cf groceries, cigar stands and
• general business propositions. EITEL &
CARROLL. 1C32 Market st. \
$1000— PARTNER in manufacturing business,
wholesale and retail: purpose, to enlarge fac-
tory; no agents. For particulars, - box 505,
Call office. , .„
$10 — THE investment of ten dollar's will secure
an ample income. For particulars address
Bona Fide, box 478, Call office.
Store, with large basement, below Kearny, suit-
able for bowling, gair.es; lease. 636 Clay, r. 1.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792, Call.
FOR SALE.
I A~ip^ciAL~xoricE!
Call on Retsloff.
? He has the bargains.
S rooms; J25 cash, bal. monthly $200
20 rooms ; clears ?t50
18 rooms; just listed... tioO
12 rooms; snap 450
15 rooms; owner sick, must sell 1000
10 rooms; corner; bargain 750
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
•20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.. 1300
'25 rooms; Geary St.; clears $125 3400
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
50 rooms; rent $150; clears $450 4200
40-rooms; $1000 cash, balance monthly.. 2200
CALL, WE HAVE MANY OTHERS.
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-S).
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming houses or busi-
ness to sell. list with us; buyers, call; we can
FUit you: have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, fiats; all sizes and prices; in all parts
of city. ; --^
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN7~1206 Market et.
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and'
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
?0 rooms; tunny;' good renter 350
8 rooms; tunny flat; corner 200
Jl rooms; downtown: good 700-
I IS rooms; rent $37 10: make offer. 800
1 Money (caned at 1% per cent per month.
j i __
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $0500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
10 rooms; sunny corner; fine location. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain COO
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent. '.', .
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms. .
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Mfrket st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
S50 Market Et. — (Inc.). -Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances . and real estate.
We. furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates. ,
Something new every day.
New houses to - lease.
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
flist-class lodging and Hoarding houses at all
times. Bona fide buyers are welcome to In-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st., bet. 5lh and 6th.
" Phone Mint 1911.
LODGING-HOUSE. 20 rooms; rent $65 r price
f-900; terms. MORRISON & CO., 26 Montg'y.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
I sacrifice. MORRISON & CO., 20 Montg'y, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSE, 30 rooms; rent $75; eleva-
tor; all outside rooms; sell on easy terms;
Investigate. Morrison & Cc, 20 Montgomery, j
BUI' your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on eaty payments.
10 rooms; clears $40 $500
11 rooms; clears $30 $350
: : 8 rooms; clears $30 $000
And other bargains. 842 Howard Bt,
FINE bay-window corner house; 28 rooms;
• ' good transient business; good furniture; earns j
¦ $ir,0 monthly; will exchange for property; I
. price $5000. . 1
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MASON St.. 10 rooms. $700: 8 r., $475; 22 r. t
$1400; Kearny st.. 18 r., $1700; 21 r.. $1100.
¦ These are all good paying places; 70 more
I houses, south -and north, at all prices: we
tr"at all customers best and honest as possl- I
ble. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. j
WE have a number of the most centrally lo-
cated and best-paying rooming-houses in the
city for gale; if you want a bargain call and
se- our nn. TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis
st- (Glasgow block), room 10.
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market st. (upstairs), near Call building:
good titles; easy ttrms; telephone Green 45S; I
big list hotels and lodging-houses. • ¦, j
FOR sile — A newly furnished house; wjuld I
mike a sood quiet transient hous*; no
agents. Address box 5S0, Call office.
A — WE have 400 lodging hou«es for sale: prices
$125 to $5000. Strand & Co.. 1007^ Market.
SOLD on easy payments at 842 Howard — 16
rms.. clears S50. $C0O; 9 rms.. clears $30. $"00.
75 ROOMS; best paying transient Kearny-st.
lodging-house; 3 years' lease. Box 580, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow night. 8 o'clock; only friends admit-
ted. 1084 Bush St.; $1; Phone Larkin 4133.
BROCKWAY'S j,roof positive test seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Fri. nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c; readings dally. 1052 Ellis st.
PROF. HOLTMAN, medium and gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 122S Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
Hie reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter^$2. 11C4 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th., nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve., 25c; readings daily.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1001: geance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. .".35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: Kitting* dally: tert toall to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MME?~M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Et., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-'
dlam and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black. 4509.
A— 50c— SOc— NO HIGHER.
For this week only, advice on love and all
• business affairs; reunites the separated and
causes speedy marriage ; names, dates and
fact* given when others, fall. Call on the
world's greatest medium and palmist, MME.
J. LYONS. 101G Market St.; parlors 8 and 9.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person- 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant'* card
reader, born with double veil— secend night;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;Iadles60c
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
25c — SPECIAL— $2 readings one* week for 25c:
clairvoyant,, palmist,, astrollgist, card readtr-
10 to 8 dally. 1010 Mission st., near Sixth.
FOP. a limited time, Mrs.' Reynolds, the famous
life reader, will give her marvelous full life
readings for $1. 1008% Market hours 10 to 5.
TOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
¦ T»T«U* CO T m w~5 le: " end dlme an<s birth date.
PROF. J. MYEHS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR: F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 M?rket
tt, cor. Golden Gate ave.; rooms 25 and" 26.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Con tlnaecl. ,
00c. 50c... 32C — O'Farrell st. — 323. . .".50c. .50c.
PROFESSOR' PAUL DESTINE.- ,
The first registered as well as the first ,
graduate palmist and clairvoyant
ever In San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE is, beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing clairvoyant
I'nnd palmist in the world to-day; extraordinary
I clairvoyant power, combined with his superior
! knowledge of occult forces, enables him. to-read
j human destiny with unerring accuracy; his in-
I termation and advice on marriage?*,' divorce,
separations, love and family affairs, business
transactions, law suits, etc., are accurate and
truthful: ha reunites the seDarated, ' settles
lovers' quarrels, causes speedy marriages; lo-
catea hidden treasures and mines' by. a new.
method; advises you as to whether or not you
will be successful in mining or in business;
j oftentimes,, by good advjce, he gives you back
I your lost nerve and energy,;.' no matter what
trouble you may have; call and he will help
you. Palmistry taught, mediumistlc persons
developed: 5 questions answered by mail, 50c.
j 32G — O'FARRELL ST. — 32ft.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names ;50c-$l;10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business,
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
! Mme Marccau oard reader & clairvoyant; la.
j & gents 25c. 1C01 Mission: 10 a: m. to 8 p. m.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader, la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant- and high psychist;
hours 1 1 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
JIRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium: truth or
no pay- full life readings- 50c. 704 Howard.
MRS, BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c: gents 50: readings daily. 132 Sixth St..
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleinert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725. I
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning SVfcc yd ;upholster-
lr.g.1213 Market, bet.Sth&9th;tc-l.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2(3.
CITY Steam Carprt-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 StHst.; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior ' Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 120.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market ft.
educational: -
HEALD'S SCHOoIToF^eXeCTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post st...S. F.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Bual-
ness College, 1236 Market st. ¦
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined, short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
" where: indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 PO3T ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
ell subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦ .
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
et.. for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50. -
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.. S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg.. penmanship: posit' n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. * 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution. Fpecialtlea; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
EltlonE. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin,, banjo taught In
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;-
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookk^epg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free: mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
j by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 14S4 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eye. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught' by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery St.
I VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
I teacher. 1008 Mission: Instruments selected.
I HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
I founded IMR: new RO-nage catalogue free.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. seDMarketTcorT
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
I 9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
I EASY Dental Parlors, C Turk st.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; filling*, 50c:
' plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
> anted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
I PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
I SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st.-
PRESSaiAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
sp»*:ialty. 78 Rausch St., nr. 7th & Howard.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutterjtel.Black 5072.
Grand JapaneEe-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 616..
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
E3IPLO YMEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
A — GERMAN. man and wife, private place on
ranch; references. MRS. NORTON, Swedish
I and German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter.
WANTED — By a woman with one child,', a BiU
uation as housekeeper; can speak French' and
do plain sewing. Please call at 722 Steven-
son Et., off Ninth st. , ""
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires to cook and
assist in housework for a. family of adults;
ladles only. 318 Minna St., basement. ¦ , ¦••
A— Austrian girl wants position as housekeeper
Apply 1614 Harrison, bet. 12th and 13th. •
SITUATION wanted by Scotch woman; cook or
housework, In private family. ~. 7 Natoma st.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day for
¦ washing. Ironing and.houseoleaning. Call at
. ,150a Tehama st.. near Third. -
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation general
housework; cannot speak English. 1029 Da
Hero st., ; bet. 22d and 23d; no postals, f
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires work In convent,
hospital or Institution or cars of Invalid lady'
M. MEYER, 1434 Broadway. : ,
A COMPETENT Swedish girl desires a posi-
. tlon as .a first-class cook, .with first-class ref-
erences; city or country. Box 582 Call office.
A* SWEDISH lady wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country; best of refer-
ences. Box 427. Call office. . — . - ;
LADY would like plain washing and barbers'
washing to do at home. Address MRS. MAR-
TIN, 304 Third st. ;: ' :
JAPANESE girl wants situation to do cooking
. and housework. TAKA, 1724 Flllmore st. :
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.," near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per, night; $150
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; freo
¦ bus and baggage to and j from ' ferry, jgjjjj
WANT ' ads and 1 subscriptions taken » for The
"Call at Eaton's Bazaar/ 639 McAllister st."—.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and. subscriptions '
received at I Call branch office, 2200- Flllmore. '
A BRANCH offlce'for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. j . " .NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E V Webb. Riverside
A Downs,- Cal
E Switzer,: Cincinnati'
E P Pawley, Chicane
J M O'Connell, Ohio >
W F Walker, Boston
Wm Brown, San Diego
R H Bankson. Eureka
F H Baldwin & w, Ariz
K A Clements, Budford
Jaa ! McElroy, ¦ Oakland
N Prethel, Vallejo :
John Eod, Vallejo
Jaa E Colls. New York
W E Dtmcanson, Or' ¦
A J McGover, San Jose
Ed Muddeman.. Vallejo
Alex -West. Vallejo ¦
Dr H H Pillsbury & w,
' Los Angulea :
Mrs L M Scroggs. L Ac
8 IC McClung, Ogden
W^m .W Eaton Denver
P Knight, Chicago *
Geo A Read, NT
J C Holmes, Ind
LA Smith, Atlas, 111
Thoa B Hamilton, Phil
J O Carney, Sacto ¦',
JJ Berry,- Oakland
J C Klncald, Cal
Mrs Cordray, San Jose
E Kimppel, Seattle-
H Hope, ; Santa I Rosa I
H J Thomas, St Rosa
C-H Jones, .. Lydgate -
T C ' Burton, , Los An •
F- E Jacob. . Denver *
R Wray, ,w-& c. L An
HOTEL AERIVALS.
San Francisco and vicinltv— Fair Monday,
with fog in the morning and at night; fresh
west wind. , G. H. WILLSON,
; Local : Forecast Official.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday
Northern California — Partly cloudy Monday
with fds along the central coast; fresh westerly
wind. -. ' „• ¦ ¦; ¦
Southorn . California— Fair Monday; fresh
*est wind.
. The temperature has risen over the north
fern portion of the Pacific slope and remained
stationary over the southern. In the Interior
of California the temperature ranges from
S to 14 degrees above the normal. : -
-Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hfiurs.- erdintf midnight. May 20, 1002:-
' Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
San .Toftquln Valley, and foggy along the Cen
tral California coast; elsewhere west of the
Rocky Mountains fair weathor prevails. The
Weather is somewhat threatening in the San
Joarjuln Valley, and sprinkles of rain, are re
ported from Lbs Angeles. Fresno and San Luis
Oblspo. with, thunderstorms at Los Angeles
an r l San Luis Oblspo. .
FORFCAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE COAST RECORD.
SAN FRANCISCO. May 25— 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum tempera
ture? reported, from stations in California dur
ing the past twenty-four hours:
Eureka. 60; Fresno. 90; Mount Tamalpala.
78; Red BIulT. 00: independence, 80; Los An
geles. 68; Sacramento, 88; San Luis Oblspo. 04;
San DiegO, 62..
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
OS; minimum, 4ft; mean, 54." . . '
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time. I
Weather Report:
Charles Newman (owner) with United Glass
Works (contractors). J. F. Duftn architect — Art
glass windows on second story of a four-story
brick building (cafe) on intersection of Market,
Kearny and Geary streets; $1200.
Same owner with Shepard Bros, (contractors),
architects same — Plumbing, gasfitting, sewer
age, etc., for same on same; $1345.
Mrs. F. Gercke (owner) with Charles Stock
holm (contractor), architects H. Geilfues &
Son — Excavation, brick, concrete, carpenter,
mill work, - tinning, glazing, plastering, - hard
ware for a three-story frame building and
rough basement (flats) on lot on W« line of
Steiner street. 110 S of Fell, S 27:6 by W
110; $8192.
C. F. Ruppel (owner) with T. J. Crawford
& Son (contractors), architect Philip Schwerdt
— All work except painting, plumbing, electric
workT' gas 'fixtures, mantels, shades and tiling
for two two-story frame buildings on lot on
E line of Broderick street. 137:6 N of Hayes,
N 52 by'E 110, W. A. 514; $10,750.
Same owner with A. Gradln (contractor),
architect same — Painting, etc., for same on
same; $1540.
E. A. Cudworth (owner) with Charles F.
Sheibley (contractor), architect R. H. White —
Excavating, concrete, brick, carpenter work,
tinning', glazing, plastering, hardware and iron
work for one three-story and partly v finished
attic and rough basement and one two-story and
rough basement frame building (flats) on lot
on SW corner of Union ad Buchanan streeU,
W 100 by S 50:6; $16,577.
. Same owner with ~Sc7ianz & Grundy (con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing,' gas fit
ting and- draining for same on same; $2050.
Mary Traynor (wife of Patrick J.) (owner)
with Earl F. Crane (contractor and architect)
— All work for a one-story, basement and attic
frame building on lot on E line of Bryant
street, 150 ¦ N df Twenty-fourth, N 26 by E
100, Mission Block 150; $1080.
Stuparich Manufacturing Company (owners)
with Richard Fahy (contractor), architect Her
bert B. Magg — All work except painting, roof
ing, elevators, plumbing, electric .wiring, gra,d
ing, concrete work, excavating, fire escapes
and standplpe for a four-story brick building,
one-story brick boiler-room and two-story
frame building on lot on NE corner of Eighth
and Brannan streets, 68:9 on Eighth and 25
on Brannan; $28,134 50.
Builders' Contracts.
, Sarah G-. and Abcalom J. Barnett to Clement
C. Young, lot on NW corner of Van Buren or
Java street and -East Masonic avenue. N
N 48:0%. E 87:0%. SW 99:5. block 2, Flint
Tract; $10. • ¦ . :
Arthur, AV. and Phebe J. Dewitt to John
Meierdierks. lot on NAV corner of Ninth ave
nue and I street. W 32:0 by N 100; $10.
Callaglian Estate Company (a corporation)
to Albert and Augusta Vend t.- lot on AV line of
Tenth avenue. 200 N of I street. N 25 by W
120: $10.
Thomas W. and Rachel V. Fisher to M. Han
sen, lot on W line of Thirty-seventh avenue,
275:4 S of B street. S 23 by W 240; $100.
F. _W. Warren to Marquard and Hans C.
Hansen. lot on W line of Thfrty-seventh ave
nue, 275:4 S of B street, S 25 by W 240, quit
claim deed; $1. >-
Solomon and Dora Getz to Hiram H. Rowe.
lot on W line of . Eleventh avenue 275 S of
Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by W 120: $10.
Sherman ¦U. and Annie Darbee to Alice L.
Wood (wife, of George M.). lot on W lino of
Third avenue. 150 S of Lake street, S 25 by
W 120; $10. ' ;
George M. Wood to Alice L. Wood, same;
gift. ; ; .
Katharlna Schaefer to Thomas' Dunne, lot on
NW line of Ringold street, 175 NE of Ninth,
NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
¦ Annie T. McGary to Mary McConvill (widow),
lot. on NW line of Mission street 325 NE of
Seventh. NE 25 by NW 85; ?10. . <
Ida W. Hopkins to D. S. Dorn. lot on N line
of Turk street; 137:6 W of Jones, W 27:6 by N
137:6, quitclaim deed; $10. " / ¦
Charles and Margaret Bogan to Frank Capu
cetti, lot on N line of Bernard street. 70:6 E
of Jones. E 22:6 by N 60; $10.
Mary E. Jordan to Charles C. "Westenhaver,
undivided one-third of lot on N W corner of
Clipper and Noe streets. W S3 by N 39; $10.
San Francisco Benevolent Association to
George H. Mower, same; $1575.
Edwin T. Cooper (trustee) to San Francisco
Benevolent Association (a corporation), lot on
W line of Treat avenue. 157 :SV4 S of Twenty
second, S 27:3>/i by AV 122:6; $— — .
Estate of James or James H. Quinn (by
Annie Connolly, administratrix) to Peter J. and
Agnes M. Quinn, lot on Wline of Va.encia
strict. 120 N of Twenty-third N SO, W 103:1,
SW 80:5. E 111:5; $10,340.
Johanna J. Stokes to Austin J. and Naomi
Green, lot on W line of Noe street 76 S of
Henry. S 26 by W 96; $2000.
Zoeth S. Eldrldge to same, lot on. S line of
Vallejo street, 180:3 W of Baker, W 51:6 by S
137:6; gift .
William and Jane Gresty to same lot on S
line of Vallejo street. 206 W of Baker, W 25:9
by S 137:6; S10. : - ¦,
Louis and Pauline Leiser to Allan St. J.
Bowie, lot on N line of McAllister street. 197:0
E of.Webster, -E 30 by N 137:0; $10.
Joseph and Caroline F. Nash to Frances W.
Eldredge (wife of Z. S.). lot. on S line of Val
lejo street, 180:3 W of Baker. W 25:9 by S
137:6; $10. '
Home Investment Association to Meyer Clark,
lot on S line of Broadway, 155 W of Gough
street, W 44:6 by S 120; $9000.
Estate of Angelia-R.- Scott (by P. v Garcia
Jr., O. \M. Gerrish and C. S. Tilton, executors)
to Henry Lachman. lot on S\V corner of Sac
ramento and Franklin streets. W 137:6 by S
127 :8&; $41,000. V
SATURDAY, MAY 24.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NUMBERS
—OF THE-
Beneficencia Publica
(Class "E.")
City of .Mexieo. May 22, 4902.
No. . Prize. iNo. Prize. iNo. "Prize.
. 2C..... 201 .47..... .40 496..'... 20
501 201 511..... 20 516..... 20
C93..... 2001 609..... 100 640 20
945 5001 996 '1C0 1206 20
1293 100 1376 20 1477 »>
KS2 2011516 20 1743 20
18G7 •• 20(1887..;.. 20 1993 20
2065 10012079, 20 2218 40
2301 50012460 20 2497 20
2500 201 25.20 20000 2->55 40
"2582 20| 2622 20 2703 40
.2708..:.. 201 2808.^.. 20 2S49 20
2880 4012965 20 2976..... 40
S021 4013061..... 20 3170 40
8274..... 2013302..... C00 3440....: 20
S552. .... 2013595..... 40 3652 20
3798 4013900..... 40 3995 40
4001..... 401 4115 20 4174. .... 2<>
4299 2014326..... 20 433S..... 20
4458..... 201 4478 40 5021 20
5205 2015369 40 5371..... 20
5375 . 2015455..... 20 564S. 100
5706 201 5730 40 5757 40
CS3U 4015983..... 20 6103 40
C115 20 6245 40 03U9 4©
6430 20 6633 10000 6634.. ... 20
C9-10 20 .7032 20 7044 40
7091. .*¦..'. 20 7113 40 7433 20
7149..... 40 7456..... 20 7513 20
7705 2017771 40 7S60 20
7910,.... • 2017912 20 7942 2O
795S 201 8083 20 8115 20O.
8226 2018302 -40 8339 40
8426 20l 8458 40 8577 40
R78S..... 201 8890 40 S942. 100
8048 201 8991 20 OOCS..;.. 20
9100 401 9138 40 9229 '100
9394 2001 0423 20 9665 ICO
9075 20i 97SS.-. ... 40 9793 40
9S05 20 9812 20 9S85 20
9942 40 10018 20 10055 20
10088..... 4010188 40 10218 40
10224 40 10313. 20 10421 100
1071C 20 10745 20 10763..... 20
11121 20 11124 40
111C9 20 11183 20 11285, ...'. 20
IlSeS..... 4011584 10011590 1C0
11661 100111696 20 11800 20
11906..... 40111929 20119337:... 20
12042 2012044 40 12056 100
12060 20 12074. 20|12261 100
1235S 20 12397 20 1251S. 40
12.-.W! 20 12627 SOilWJS 20
12660 2012680 40 12741..... 100
12761 20 12791 2012803 40
12933*.. ... 4013057 200 13080 20
13174, 20 13193 20113232 10
1325C 40 13293 20|133S2 20
10513 20 13601, 20113633..... 20
13666..... 100 13715 20 13744 20
13794 40 13934 2O|1397« 20
14021 40 14129 40 14332 20
14489..... 40 14662 2014644 1C0
14772 20 14910..... ICO 14986 20
14990 40 15135 20 15146 £0
15224. .... 40I15359.V ... .... 4O
15491 40115611 '20115709 40
1B849..... 40115897..... 20|15924 20
15928 20116018...;. 20 16019..... 1C0
16054..... 20116176 40
1C325 100 16447 20|16648 100
16864 20 17123..... 20 17201 20
17224 20 17248 20 17623 20
17637 20 17754 20 17926 20
17993..... 100 18136..... 40 18276 40
1840S..... 20 18479 20 18575 500
18593 20 18687 20 1SSS1 100
19165 '200 19291 20 19314 20
19394 20 19500 40 19560 40
19602 .20 19707 20[l9718 20
19760 40 19813 401200O7 40
20053 4020086 40120102 20
20239 40 20267 40 20337 100
20466 20 20496 40 20605 20
20736 2020852 2020899...;. 20
21023 20 21253 40 21367 20
21410..... 2021503 100(21650 20
21727 20 21858 40 22008 V .... 20
22277 20 22350 20 22402:.... 40
22438 20 2246S 20 22517 100
22570 40 22598 20 22715..... 20
22901 2023074 20 232R0 600
23435 2023615 20 23725 20
23892 20 24094 20|24182 20
24295.:... 40 24597 20|24632 1C0
24859 20 24926 20| 24942. .... .40
24951 40 25212 20J25238 40
23584 40 25502 20 25704 20
25920..... 20 26013 40126262 40
26475 2026553 100128723 20
26854 20 26952 20127057 20
27086 40 27165 40127212..... 40
27228 10027230 40|27232..... 20
27264 100 27325 40127400..... 200
27425 40127484..... 40 27642 40
27704 20 27883..... 20 28108 40
28168..... ,~ 4028226..... 20128455 20
28654 2028703: 40 28763..... 20
289C0 ' 40 28912 20 2S9SO..... 20
29003 4029006 20 20143 40
29246 2020370 20 295S8 40
29629 4030168 100 30221..... 20
30378 "40 30389 20 30609 20
30674 100 30739. : . . . - 40 30802 20
30939 1000 31056 20 31066 40
31135 100 31210..... 40 31237 20
31406 4031938 20131983 '40
32248 2032351 20J32468 40
32520 40 32581 40I32C58. . . ... 20
32700 2032812..... 20|33038. .... 20
33290 40 33317 20133565. 20
33619 40 33689..... 20J33915 20
34048 I 2034178 100|341Sti 20
34418 . '20 34440 40|34519, 40
.34586 2034597..... 20 34647 . 100
34648. 100 34985 20 35004 20
35178 20 35205 20 35503 40
35593 200 35669 200)35724 20
35870 500 358S9 20J35957. .... 1000
35093 40 36046 40 3G22.1 20
JJ6346 100 36394 20 36432 40
36450 20 36564 20 36748. 40
37038 . 20 37109..:.. 20 37209 40
37243 20 37253 20 37281 40
37632 40 37685 20 37877 40
38274..... 2038419 40 38441 20
38465 20 3S724 . 20 38757 1000
38797 20 38830 20|SS871 40
38096 20 39002 . 40J39207. .... '40
39221 4039377 20 39004 20
SneSO 2039740 4039744 100
39831 . 40 39899 20 39985. V.;. 20
40110 2040161 2040460..... 20
40494 2040567..... 20 10586 20
40617..... 20040651 -40 40711 20
40730 M040754 100 4CS44 40
40960 10041014 '20 41071 100
41125 ..... 200 41200 ..... 20 41247 . . . 20
41298 2041347..... 40 41397 20
41457 40 41682 20 41S37 40
41971..... 40 41979..... 40
42121 20 42199..... 40 42249 20
42254 100 42354 20 42370 20
42510 20 42690 20 42738 . .-. .. 100
4-«<37 20 43044 . • 40 43245 100
4328S!!"I 200 43377 40 43421 20
43433 I0O 43452 100 43475. . , . . 40
43406 40 43547 20 43716..... 40
43S05 20 4:3841 20 43924 20
43971 40 43089 20 44254 40
41477 2044581 20 44603 40
44GS2 10044882 4044901: 20
44949 40449SS 2045228..... 20
45290 40 45349 20 45383 20
45473! .. . . 20 45512 100 45628 20
45G78 200 45759 20 45787 20
15798 200 45871 20 45942.."... . 20
46">S1 . .. 40 46287..... 20 46292 . 20
4fi29fl" 200 46325 100vt64ll. .. .. 20
46447 20 46498 20I4650C '40
4B551 10O46696 20 4H707 20
46974 20 47005 20 47324 20
4730s 20 47472 20 47481... ".. 40
47694 .... 40TTS03 100 47942 40
45»lf . .. 20 48426,-...., 20 4S486 20
4S510 100 4S514 1..\. ' 20 48611 20
4S704 .... 20 48863 > 441 4S940. , . .. 20
489^4 '. .100 490G3 100 49120 20
49454 204fl530 20O49ti97 20
497G5 ... -20149996..... 20 50011 20
50076'..... 40150166..... 20 50200..... 20
50402 20i5052fi 100 50715 ICO
5O7S4 20150913 100 51031..... 20
niCtfS 100151241 20 51295..... 100
51322 20151474 20 51670 ' 20
51747 .. .20151767 20 518Cfi 20
51901 40151903 20 52012 100
r,2C50 20152101 2052171 20
52183 40152217 201525-W 100
K261.'5 40152658..... 40I52C80. . . . . 20
52741 20152782 . 40 52S63 40
52!)70 ... . 200153010 40 53082...... 40
5.1253 ¦ 20153440. .... 40 53530. .... 20
53564..... - 4OI53017 20I53P94. .. .. 40
53710. 40153707..... 40I537C9. .... 40
53883 . 20 53925.-:... 20 53951..... 20
54212..... 40154551 20154590. . . .. 20
54774 201548X5. .... 100154841 200
55115 20155122..... 40155136 40
55177. 20155225..... 40I5524R. 20
55299..... 100155612...;. 20l55tT87. 40
55722 40155857 20I5G2H4 ; 20
B032C...... 20156362 20I5S415 20
50508...... / 2015W17. 20156662 20
5<VrO7 '• 40 56790.....' 40156816..... 20
5C002. 20 56955. ....• 20|57060. . 40
57264 ... 20157344 20 573S2..... 100
57587 20157593 20l.>7857, f 40
r.70I)O ¦ 20157740...... 40158065 40
58258 401 58152.. /\. 2Olr>S4aS 20
585CR..... 100I5S549. ./. .. 20I585C3 20
58722 20158748..'... 20I5S7S5 20
68055 20159019..... 40159207 , 40
59334 20159380 20159433 20
50444 ' •40159473.. ... 20159516...'.. 500
50552 ... 40159669 . 2015091a..... ' 20
<!0324.' 20I6051S... .. - 20l«05fi3 . 20
6C«tO. 20160639 . 30(60719..... 20
fiOSlO ' 200I6OT70 100160904..... 20
60919. . . . . 100160042 40 61079 100
81308..... 4016133ft 20161359..... 100
013C3. 40161594 100l6178fl..,.. 20
618S4. . . . . • 20161922 20|619fi6 40
62205.'.... :20|6222ft 20 62452 20
62fiS2 200I62S23 100 B2926. . ... 40
63<>20 100IG33RO 40 63391 20
6.T429 20'63.>22... .. . 4O|«3613 20
63074... . . 20ifl3720. . . . . 100163765...... 100
"63SS9. ¦...'. ;- 201 630C5. :.-.•> 40163092..... 40
64117. ..;.-' 40104192. . ;.-. .: 20I6434.S;: ; ;. S 2ft
64456..... : '40164690...;. . 20 1 0471 1:;.;. 20
64712..... 20164941..... 40itUfl44. .. .. j 20
64971.".-.:. " 20165222.... V -20185240... ;.• . 40
B5437...V. ¦ . 20I6.T470. : : . . 101)0165626... .. 100
65685...... 100105712 . 2OI6B825). . . . . 40
05712 20IC5829..... 40I659S7 . 40
65987..... 20166125..... 40166227 20
66242. . . . . 20106421 . 100166455. .... 40
67036...., 20167270 1COI67449..... 40
674R4 .-....¦ 40167553 40167723./... 100
67S22..... 100IH7975.... . 20I679S6 20
679!»..... 401051077 :.;./ 20I6M36 20
68139;....- 20ICK174...V. 50OI6S191. . ... 20
B8222 . 40I6S247;.:.. ¦ 2OI6S25O. . . 20
CS274..... 40J6S277..... 40168280 20
\j Nos. S0.939, 33,857. «!5,470, 74.815 and 79.K3
rdraw each $1000, sold in Guaymas, Sonora; St
Louis, Mo.: Havana. Cuba: San Franciscc
Cal. ; San Antonio, Texas; New Orleans-, La.
Valparaiso, Chile; New York, N. Y.; Peorla
111., and Torreon. Coahaila.
JOSE M. DE LA VEGA. Treasury Dep't.
' H. Bassettl. Manager, per E. Berthier, act
ing Manager: Juan B. Castillo, Vice Apolln,
Castillo (deceased). Intervenor. .
No. 68882 draws first caoltal prize of $60,00G
sold in Holland. Texas; New York, N.*Y. ; Dal
las. Texas: New Orleans, La.
No. 2520 draws second capital prize of $20,
000, sold in New York, N. Y.
No. 6633 draws third capital prize of $10,000
sold In New Orleans, La. ; Dallas, Texas.
" 799 numbers ending with 20, being the laa
two figures of the number darwinjc the capita
prize of *20,0C0-^-$?O.
Numbers ending- with 82. being last twt
figures of the number drawing the capitj
prize of $60,000—120.
TERMINAL PRIZES
100 numbers frcm 6583 to BOSS, inclusive, be
ing 20 numbers on each side of the numbe
drawing: capital prize of $10,000— :$20.
ICO numbers from 247O to 2570k Inclusive
being: 50 numbers on each ?Me of the numbs
drawing capital prize of $20,000— $40.
100 nnrabers from 6SS3-2 to 68932. Inclusive
being 50 numbers on each side of the mynbe
drawing capital rrize of $60,000 — $00.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
No. Prize. |JCo. Prize. [No. Prize
6S405 100;cSo04 20il'S557 20
e.%70 2oes«s~ 2oii;scoo 4
6S713...V. 40 US755. . .\ . 40.CS792 *
688.">9.... . 20 BSS82 600CO',t:S.S94 ?
6002:5 2OCOC5S 2CC9074..... +
C9155 40,f!r>C7 20:eJM97 2
69776 20109961 40170010 2
70094 40 70373/ 40170373 10
7O4S<! 40 70«C5 20I7CC76. ...* 4i
70G98 4O7CS01 20170041..... 4
"OiKKJ..... 200 710»> 20J7115S 1<>
71300.:... 2O71211 100l7i:M."» *
71352 40I713S.0 100J71477 4
71502 20 71510 20:71545 4
71625 20!7ini.«t . 40|71M5. .... 2
71977....'. 100172077..... 50017232::. .... 2
72324 20J724SS 20172520. ...,: 2
72736 20O1727SS 40172820.. ... 10
72SS1 20173122 40i732ofi •?
7. # i.:«S 100I73K44 20173825 4
7S871..... 100174007 40|741G.'5 2
74168 401744C8 20(74443 4
74533..... 16O!745T,(T. . . . . 20174665..... 2
74735 100J74741 40I74S11. .... 4
74815 • 1000 74S57..... 20i749-T9 2
74942 100|750(R 20J7.-.239 3
• 20 75453 20I7360O ¦ lr>
75715...... 40 7572a,,... 4O175780 4
75S26..... 100 75850 20175901 10
75940 20 75058 40I7507C 4
75JW1 207WXM 4OI7600S 2
76036..... 20I70O40 10017UC6S 4
7«201 20 76440 40t7«.-»S5 2
.70725 C0C17H7S7..... 20177203 3
77357 10OJ77421 40177544 3
77676..... 200|77S04 40177831 2
, 77M5 40178065 20178132 \
:781C5 100I7S.162 2Oi7!*48a 4
7.V514 20i7S5fi.S 20I7S578 2(»
78705 y 40178822..... 20|7S30» 4
78!>19 f 4O!7S9fi9 100170081 2
7CC9S 40:79113 . 40179S02. . . ... '2
7!)f>04 -40 73523 40179635 100
73704 200
THE SAN FBANCISCG CALL, MONDAY, MAY 26, 1902.
9
«
>
¦' V"f --'':¦"[
STATIONS.
3
i 3
!»
i
Bg 33
13 is
a c
3 3
a
S3
r§
• o
¦ s •
£l
a"*
a
3
•a
O
a
Astoria .. 30.04 70 60 W
Baker 30.04 78 42 >N
Cart-on ......29.86 78 42 S\V
Eureka .-.80.00 60 48 NW
Fresno 29.80 90 62 N
Flagstaff .....29. SB 72 32 S
Pocatello. Ida.30.02 76 44 W •
Independence .29.8-t 80 62 N
L.os Angeles.. 2J). 08 68 54 SW
Phoenix 29.74 96 62 RW
Portland ....'.29.08 80 52 NW
Red Bluft ....29.7(5 96-^00 N
Roseburg .....29.04- 84 40 N
Sacramento ..21). 80 88 5fl S -
Salt Lake ....29.00 80 48 N
San Francisco. 20. 96 58 50 Sff
S L. Oblspo. .::0.04 04 48 f?
Son Diego 29.93 C2 58 RW
Seattle MO. 04 SO 48 W
Spokane .T...30.10 7« -14 NW
Ncah Say 110.06 <52 44 W
Ventura . . . .¦ BO . . . . ; ;.
AA'r.lla Walla. 30. 02 . sa 60 SW
Winncmucca .29.88 80 44 NE
Yuma 20.74 00 62 SE
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .CO
Clear .00
' Cloudy T.
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .CO
Cloudy . 00
Clear T.
Pt Cldy .CO
Clear . XO
Clear \ .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy TV
Clear .00'
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Cloudy .CO
1 Clear !66
Clear . .00
Clear .CO
«
>
¦' V"f --'':¦"[
STATIONS.
3
i 3
!»
i
Bg 33
13 is
a c
3 3
a
S3
r§
• o
¦ s •
£l
a"*
a
3
•a
O
a
Astoria .. 30.04 70 60 W
Baker 30.04 78 42 >N
Cart-on ......29.86 78 42 S\V
Eureka .-.80.00 60 48 NW
Fresno 29.80 90 62 N
Flagstaff .....29. SB 72 32 S
Pocatello. Ida.30.02 76 44 W •
Independence .29.8-t 80 62 N
L.os Angeles.. 2J). 08 68 54 SW
Phoenix 29.74 96 62 RW
Portland ....'.29.08 80 52 NW
Red Bluft ....29.7(5 96-^00 N
Roseburg .....29.04- 84 40 N
Sacramento ..21). 80 88 5fl S -
Salt Lake ....29.00 80 48 N
San Francisco. 20. 96 58 50 Sff
S L. Oblspo. .::0.04 04 48 f?
Son Diego 29.93 C2 58 RW
Seattle MO. 04 SO 48 W
Spokane .T...30.10 7« -14 NW
Ncah Say 110.06 <52 44 W
Ventura . . . .¦ BO . . . . ; ;.
AA'r.lla Walla. 30. 02 . sa 60 SW
Winncmucca .29.88 80 44 NE
Yuma 20.74 00 62 SE
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .CO
Clear .00
' Cloudy T.
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .CO
Cloudy . 00
Clear T.
Pt Cldy .CO
Clear . XO
Clear \ .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy TV
Clear .00'
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Cloudy .CO
1 Clear !66
Clear . .00
Clear .CO
BiETHS-MARRIAGES-DEATBS.
' Birth, marriaze and death . notices . tent - by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices , and be
Indorsed with the name and residence 1 of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
KEWFJRWI OF: UNDERTAKERS.
I Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the tJnited Undertakers 1 Association; M. j
McBrearty ' with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st.,' between Seventh
and -Eighth: /Telephone South 44. -: ¦ ¦.¦¦.
Mt; Olivet Cemetery;
- NEAREST THE CITY, '
Office, 916 Market Street.
a Telephone Bush 367. .
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 21, 1902: Notice
— An to-day the pool expires on. alK promoters-
stock In THE BALSAM MINING & MILL-
ING CO., the public is hereby warned against
purchasing any stock claimed to bo owned
by one A. An^NICKERSON JR. Any one
purchasing - £ucl\ stock do so at 'their own
risk, as said A. 'A. NICKERSON JR. Is not
I entitled to any stock in said company. By
order of the board of directors of the Balsam
• Mining & Milling Co. > ..
8. F. BULLARD, President
.; 11. H. RODMAN, Secretary pro tem
LEGAL AD VERTIS12 JIENTS.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
' DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
gvs 20' ;Fifth- (st., opposite Lincoln School.
'...: ...-.' -Telephone South 80.
HENR Y J. GALLAGHER CO.
WANTED TO LMASK.
A 3 OR 4 story building, about 25 to 30 by (JO
to 80 feet, located south of Market and be-
tween 3d and 8th sts., city. Address Mission
6(1 Commercial st., cjty.
TVl'EWRITISG&jnMEOURAPHIAG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c- mim-
eogrnphlmt. 027 Markt. rm. 305; Howard IMS),
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
WebBtfer Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Panama!
_ TVPEAVRITERS AND SUPI»LIKS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRlTERS^We
. cell better machines for lee* money than any
house in the city; rentals $3, The Typewriter
Exchange. 630 California: telephone Main 266:
ALL kinds bought, sold. rentcd,"ex. ; repairinr-
lowest rates; phone Howard "J204. 145 Sixth!
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIK5).
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented. exchange"d~-~re^
ralrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
SPECIAL
NOTICES
BAD tenants- ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLliECT'ON
CO.. 413 Montgomery, rooms -9-10; t*>! ¦ fi.W
SIIiDICAIi.
A — DR. ODOXXELL. wcrSd-rroownod ep*c?ftt- I
5-t. — I-adies-. nil who are sick or in troublo.
<c:-.Fu!t the rpecSaiis-.t on Icniaie complaints-
wir.s-.rral female ctotttplaists >>csUive!y cor-
rected; unfortunate helped; relief in all
• ases taken: the most difficult cases treated!
!:svc rc-!iev«.-'l ihoumnda of most obstinati
rases; fr«*, confidential advice on nil subects
of a delicate nature. DR. C. \v. O'liOK-
a.ELI..'Btace & rcs--ider.ee. 101S Mkt.. op. 5th.
iir.S. D. - KOHL— Well -known, "reliable ladies'
vpeciaUst: instant relief guaranteed; home in
ccnHn<?tr,ent; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8
10CSH Market st.. opp. Cth and nr. Powell.
Jtf P S - WTE TH— Well-known ladles' special-
ist; .>0 years experience; private home in
confinement. Moved to T2S Post gt.. nr. Jones.
MHS. SWEET. GOO Ouerrero. nr. lSlh Et a
gndcate of Royal University, Borlln ha< 23
rearer ctperteaae in mlOwttoy cas»s;'ail who
.ire sick or in trouble consult me before coin,?
(lsc-wbcrv: takes ladi.s before and durin? cont
fii:ctnent: br-st mctheriy care;' infants adopted-
conlinements. S15: nom & board $3 week;
to help for room and board. Tel. Blue 411.
SIKS. DK. GOODWIN. ladles' reliable speclal-
itt; maternity hospital; home fcr Infants fre«;
f<?o low. 90U Market st.. opp. Emporium.
i?KS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market— Keliabl- ladits'
er*ciali£t; a private home before and" durlne
confinement; best medical care; low lees.
LADIES— Kumrond is safe & sure; never fails- i
price $2. Glcason's drug store.Clay & Kearny!
IjR. KOSEN. 1007^ Market E t.. near Sixth
treats .ladles only: relief in all cases taken!
LADIES— ••Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. ?2. Pasteur Med. Co.. S Flood bids.
DR AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHEHB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
D ?r .NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
T-n.on Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
? I ii£55j^_ 1^ STRl:3II = : XTS.
' A.S there are many makes or pianos on the
market, you must remember there Is but
ONE HEINE, and In order to make room
lor the 10 carloads now en route we will
offer the following bargains:
.* Steinv.ay $ 93 to S2 S0
2 Kncbe ..$S5 to $110 j
3 Weber <M15 t o $1SO
¦> Hallet & Davis $8O to $1C5 '
2 Fischer %-,S to *155
1 Bourne $40
3 Haynes $235
1 Kittle $2S5
They all must go; easy payments if desired.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Hall. 2G5-237 (ieary st. i
ALTHOUGH many Eeemingly- edvantag-eous - <
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
fisd terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest I
arsortment cf best makes to choose from. \
EKERMAX. CLAY & CO. Etelnwuy dealers,
cor. Kearny end Sutter sty., B V.t Broad-
*rar and Thirteenth cts. Oakland.
ATTENTION", BARGAIN-HUXTERS !
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
S«-ccnd-hand equare pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos Irom $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell St.; Chlckerlns. I
Mason &. Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos. )
DURING this week we can supply, while they j
last, squares Jrom $25 upward; uprights from j
5125 upward. In new instruments we caa j
s=ell you fine Wissners or Baumeisttrs. Pa>-
ments if you desire. ¦ THE ZEXO M \U VAIS
MUSIC CO.. 760 Market Et.
ANY piano sold by us takea back any time |
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a ner/ pcerle»6 Knabe. at regular
rrlce; costs you oniy 20c a day to buy a
piano from. us. KOHLER & CHAEE. 30
O'Farrell Et. : established 1S5C.
flSO— ELEGANT large size Fischer upright.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CUETAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes Et.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.
Steck, Everett. Ludwig yd other good pianos.
EEAUTiFCL upright FUcher piano; must ba
Fcld at once. Room 2. 237 Geary «t.
A FINE Steinway upright, left on tale; no
reasonable offer refused. . J&5-237 Geary st.
SNAP — '1 cnly. new. $450; high-grade upright*,
dropped from ratal ocrue.f 250. Bruenn.20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
tnd other piano» and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR vioJtns. zithers, old and new. H.
MI7LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOAVS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphoi-
ftery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. EOPKE EROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
tt.; tel. Bush 421. j
Brass, iron beds: mattresses; pillows: window j
Fhades. J r. Hotter. 721 Mission :tel.Ma!n 73f>, |
MIXKS AMI MI.\IXtt.
SHAETA Cour.ty gold and copper mine — I have !
r><»0 shares of stock for sale in a very promie- !
ing property; will take $100 for them; will J
be worth twenty times the amount in less i
than ;-. year hence. Address box C91. .Call. . j
""*" *" —^— — »— — — — —^m |
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LK'i'. j
STORE. 00x30, fronting; on Natoma st., bet. j
Fremont and First, with good dry elevator :
basement 40x30. Inquire 143 First st. i
PALMISTRY. j
M^ET^T7I~N^E^G>^D^readrirto^4! TOO I
Post et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scier.t'flc palest. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 561.
PARTXERS WANTED. j
WANTED — A partner In brandy distillery deal- j
in?. 437 J 4 Fifteenth st.. nr. Ean Bruno road. !
PI1VSICIA.VS AXD SWIGEOXS. j
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured: j
co operation; no detention frcm business; ail ;
private diseases treated succcesf ully ; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk. '
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21!4 Market £t., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cateracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 10~3'A Market.
1'IERCE-ECDOLPH Storage & Moving Co, of- j
£ce Post and Powell sts. ; teL Priv. Ex. 571. I
GOLD EX WEST Storage: advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss,.
EEK1KS Van and Storage Co., C3O Market St.; j
tel. Main IS JO; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pery. 2S29 Fillmore et.: phone Jackson 2SL
' PERSOXALS. j
VIAVI has been manufactured for over fifteen j
years; it cured hundreds of allinz women in ¦
\\t firet year and has cured thourands of suf- I
leren every year elnce; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed tree. The Vlavl Co..
2304-C-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 282, Ean
F/anclsco.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
SIS; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; ether milts on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
it., between Eevecth and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT ' STORE— Complete outfit
31 week; ladles' tailor made suits, skirts,-
thirt waists, trimmed hats; gents' and boyB'
suite, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
cur new ctore. r, F. ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms,
25c to fl 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to end fronTthe ferry.
WORKINGMAN. 34, stranger In city, would
like acquaintance of good girl who would
appreciate home; object, matrimonv. Box
47«. Call.
A— WHAT do you think? O. HERMAN. 48
nuif, makes colored fhirts to order; $1 each;
tame cs white shirts: selection 300 . patterns.
HAIR dressing, any style, 2Tk?; shampooing.
50c; manicuring, "Tic: switches. wigs and
front pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WHITE enamel iron bods, single, throe-quarter
or double, ?2 2. r .. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1.510-1212 Stockton st., near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL— Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage »e-
c^ree one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St.. S.F.
ENGINEERS una railroad men can find Car^
hartl's unicn-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 2.
hiftory greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid- £- R- CHURCH. 307 Sansome «.. S. F.
NOW ready — June etyles Standard Pattern*;
all the newest desicnp for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021_:Jarket St.. near Sixth.
AT Jess than cost, uncalled-for Fuits, overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
taflor. 721 Msrket «t.
UOXE" loaned at lo-v interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, jiear'.s and precious etones bought
tt W. J. KTUSTHAL'S. JO Sixth Et.
LIQUOR habit— A new. rafe and cure cure can
€e civen without knowledge of patient. Ad-
ores; P. O. box C52. San 3 rise. Cal.
A — ?-3 f>0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Matters. 230 Kearny St.. near Pine..
FINK SUITS. ?10: dress pants. S2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 427 Montgomery 8t.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, tall on
Dr.G.S.Moore,SS2 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
Bt'PERFLrOCS hair. mo!es. etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mr*. Cubic. 428 Suttei 1 .
PERSON ALS— -Continwcd.
SPANISH lessons and translations. 513 McAi-
tjster et. ¦ ' . '
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 20 V% Kearny. .
TAILOR-MADE Mills, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
' Misfit Clothing Par) or. ccr. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moleB destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
end moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
lirs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1710 Buchanan: tel. West 253.
Marquerade Costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
• rlcal <-ostuaner. 28 O'Farrell: country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism.ete. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll'O Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna:' restores gray
hair to its natural color: -fl: at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, witrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
hrrt mm «-ur<.. 25r: nil drusreistB. ' '
UE.Uj ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
r!2a!Tes^te~for~sale ; ~"™~
by c. s. capp & co..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
630 Market Street. ¦ '
O'Farrell, between Polk and Van Ness — Lot
27:6x120 to rear street, with 4 houses; well
rented.
Pierc» and California— Double comer, 50x120.
with six neai modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th— Lot 25x100; fine view.
California St., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
houses, C rcoma and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontaee.
Geary tt., opposite Hamilton square — House,
2 Ffcpvies, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:6.
Eureka St.. between 17th and lSth— Lot 50x
120. with one-story cottage. 7 rooms and bath
and stable; $4000. «
Eureka Ft., between 17th and 18th — 3 flats, 7
• and 8 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath;
SCOOO. . ...
Golden Gate*ave.. between Pierce and Scott —
1 3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
i McAllister st.. between Pierce and Scctt —
Fine lot, 25x137:6.
i Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
; Castrc Bt. ; easy terms if desired. / ;
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th— Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster — Lot
51x120, with six houses and flats: all rented.
i Folsom. between 3d and 4th — Large lo*: old
! Improvements; rents ?100; -suitable for a hotel
or factory.
i Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
I Mc-nitt — MarnifliJent view and large lot; for
j tale or trade for city property.
I Two lots In Holladay Map A cheap. ¦ . •
Sanchez, bet. 14th and 13th — 25 or 50x100.
Cheap lots In Bernal Homestead; $10 per
Iront foot: near Misslcn road. -
! Golden Gate ave., bet. Baker and Lyon — Cot-
i tage, 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x137:6.
f4: 5 .%0 — AT a sacrifice to prevent foreclosure;
lot and 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms: near corner
Twenty-first and treat ave.; this property-
must be sold. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery st., room 3.
$4500 — TO prevent foreclosure, at a sacrifice;
lot 25xD0; improvements two-story house of
8 rooms on Flllmore st.. near corner of
Haight. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery st_. room 3.
WE will sell you. house and lot or build you
house to suit on easy payments; same as
rent. DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850
Market st. ' -
} ~
CITY "OF RICHMOND. " ~"™ "~
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on the.
east side of San Francieco Bay. adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus of the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R. R. Co.V location
of the Standard OH Co.'s refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City cf Richmond
will be with these 'advantages. Have you any
money to invest? Do you want to make
money? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance to buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $1SO. FROM $1SO.
$5 PER MONTH. $5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE LOTS!
SEE THESE LOTS!
Over 400 sold In. the laet sixty days. Some
of the best corners and inside lot* left.
Streets graded and macadamized.
Elcci»-ic R. R. franchise passes through the
property. • . .
Railroad Depot at each end of the tract-
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
¦ Send for official map: mailed free. \.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.). „
Room IS?. Crocker building. S. F.
REAL ESTATE — COtSTR Y—For SaitT
GOOD opportunity to secure a- fine country
home, mile Ff35i Sonoma; 32% acres all
improved in grapes, lruit, hay, grain, etc.;
everything to go with the place; will be sold
at a bargain to close estate. • For full par-
ticulars apply to owners, M. JOOST & BRO.
6<X. to 618 Gough st., San Francisco, Cal.
' FOR SALE NEAIt SAN FRANCISCO —
6mall tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Ttancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
Lett lor poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctatl Co.. 302 California Et.. for
pamphlets and information. ,
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and email tracts in Alameda, Ban Joa-
Quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Min-
Ing Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; teL James 4121.
SANTA CLARA County; 4-room house; lot 212
x258; 1 cow; 1 horse- and wagon; 50 -pigs;
250 chickens, all sizes; 100 laying hens; all
for $1500. A. C. BERGER, Gilroy, Cal.
Ear.la "Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See "WOOSTER. WHITTON *
MONTGOMERY. e34 Market. S. F.. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 Deres. sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. .,
REAL ESTATE WASTED. ~~
WANTED — A piece of property with three or
more tenants; must be in good repair and
reasonable price for cash: Address with par-
ticulars, box 4S7, Call office. . '
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange — Some fine bearing lemon
ranches, San Diego. G. Newton. 750 Market.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
SUNNY furnished room in Alameda^ suitable
for couple; board. Box 4281 Call, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ,
SPECIAL SALE.
AT AUCTION. ¦>,
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
80 Choice Residence and Business Lots
80 Choic3 Residence and Business - Lots
In .
HOME PARK TRACT.
WEST BERKELEY,
Opposite ¦; - •
. The Pacific Coast Furniture Factory and
Corbln Station.
Saturday. May .51,. 1002, on thp property.
Lunch at 1 p.m., served free. • Auction sale
2 i>. m. ' . , .
Terms— «One-third cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser. To reach the sale: Leave San Fran-
cisco at Market-st. ferry, broad-gauge, at
10,. 10:30 or 11 a. m., 12 m. and 12:30 or 1
V. m. .'
Buy ticket for West Berkeley, change cars
at Shell Mound. Transit time direct to the
tract is about 45 minutes.
For mars and particulars apply to <s- :
D. PRATT, manager and general agent.
Office. Pacific Coast Hotel, on the tract'
Or WOODWARD-CUSHMAN CO., 11 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, Cal.' '
JOSEPH J. MASON, real estate and Insurance
agent; choice property a specialty. Berkeley
Station. <
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath
*tc; fftyy payments. MURDOCK. 014 Pine."
Mill Valley Advertisements.
' ** -..¦¦¦¦
COTTAGES TO " LET. V '.-
MILL VALLEY — To let; cottage of 2 rooms
and tent furnished for June, July and Au-
KUft. Owner. 518 Jersey fet., S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKIiA\D FUnMTlIRE - FOR -SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
EC1IELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
IRVWODALE, C26 Eddy— Sunny rooms, en
suite or single: good table: -reasonable.
VAN NESS. 519^-Handsome fffrnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
HEATH," 312 Eddy st.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
.AMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house-
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CORBIN, The, S30 Sutter st.. corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suits; all sunny; table first class.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE MCALLISTER, 503 ValTiNe^aveTr^ust
opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references. /
Valencia «?
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptfcins has been established st i<X»t»
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
SUTTER. 717— Nicely furnished sunny iroom
with bath. ¦ .
SUNNY bay-window- rooms two blocks from
Call office. Address box 40i>, Call office.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished!
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night 35c to $1 50; weeK, $3
to $S; month. $8 to $30: elevator on pround
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
officer; elevator; elec. lights: day, week, mo.
MINNA. 6C7. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
McALLISTER. 995 — For rent; nice sunny room
in upper corner flat; furnished or unfurnished.
LEAVENWOKTH, 1114A— Newly furnished
parlor suites; bath; gas; phone.
JESSIE, 3C3, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. $4, $5 and $6 per month.
HYDE, 717 — One . sunny furnished room for 1
• or 2 gentlemen: .references. . .^- - ,~, * .«¦•
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms -35c to
$1 50 night: $1 75 to $5 week: reading room.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1050— Well furnished
sunny room; private family; free telephone.
GEARY, 358 — New house; beautifully furnishejd
apartments; single or en suite; strictly first-
class. -•
FIRST, 307 — Flat, " 8 sunny rooms, ¦ half fur-
nished: Rlncon Hill; snap; rent $12 month.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
ELLIS, 653 — Elegant parlor suite; new mod-
ern house with- phone; also housekpg suite.
ELLIS, 821 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 3Bc r
' $150 night; $150. $6 week; open all night.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason—Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
BURNETT. 1420 Market <old No. 13(54)— Fur-
nished Mi!., siAtes, single; also unfurnished.
ALL choice reat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 1*8 Sixth— Rooms,
Me to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE Hotel, TSi McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward: McAllister car3 to
door: handsomest grill. room In California.
ROOMS TO LET Pnrn. andllnfnrn.
ANGELUS. Open June 1
New fireproof brick building;. 00 elegantly
furnished - rooms and suites; marine J view.
530 Stockton St., bet Bush and Pine/
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce..22S)0: Flllmorrf.
OCEAUT TBAVEE.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' L/ Steamers le'aTe Broadw»l
iww. Wharf. San Franci3co:
ggSSfe^- For Ketchrkan, Juneaa
35iS*^a»«_ Ekagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a
%<?&*%$&. m.. May 11. 16. 21. 26. 3X
ff^*»Sa\*l Jnne 5 - Change to com
<l£8S? i \V*Jl3 pany's steamers at Seatre.
P^SsteSgBEy For Victoria. Vancotrret
I f p or t Townsend. Seattle. Ta>
i 5% coma. Everett. Whatcom-
II a m. May 11. 16. 21. 2ff. ». Juno &. Cnano
at siaTti* to this) Company'* "Wamen, for Ala«
ka and O. N. Rt.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N
P. Rjr.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 9- "»•
Los Angela am
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. -Sundays. » a. ra.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea«
Ean Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cru2. Mon
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Oolsp>
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Hnenem* ani
•Newport ('Bonlta only). " .'¦,
Coos Bay. » a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. Jon» t
Eonita. 0 a. m.. May 10. IS. 28 . Jun« .3.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay. San Jo*» <1«
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paas. Santa Rosa
Ha, Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7ta eacJ
north. -
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sari
ing dates.
TICK j?T n77"P r TCE — * New Montsomer
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
» 10 Market st.. San Francisco
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
- — FOB
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR... » f. M.. JTTNK ,
VALENCIA » P. M-. JXTSB-
And fortnightly thereafter during tha season
Steamships CITT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN
leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 31 r»
spectively. connect with above steamers. Th.
new and elegant steamshiDs Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year
landing all passengers and freight without loss
mishap or delay. Forpassenger rates and Nona
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * **»»
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market st- San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,^
And Short 'Rail Line From Portland to Al
Points Ease. Through Tickets to All
Foints, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, al
IiOWKST KATES.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23, June 2, 12. 2J
SS. GEO. "IV. ELDER Sails
May 18. 28. June T. It
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. ra
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Monger. 3. V
TOYO IISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS "WILX. LEAVE WHARF. COR
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 d. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, caliin* a.
Kobe (Hioeo), Nagasaki and Shanghai *ai
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for la
dla, etc. No canto received on board on 4*]
of salllnsr.
¦ SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday, June «. 190f
SS. HONGKONG MARU ,:
Saturday. June 23. 190!
SS. NIPPON MARU. .Thursday. July 24. 190:
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Foi
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de-Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Centra;
and South American ports. Sailing from How
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
PALENA June 7ITTJCAPEL July 11
AREQUIPA ...June 27 'GUATEMALA .Aug. I
These steamers are built expressly for Cen.
1 tral and South American passenger, service
(No'change at Aeapulco or Panama.) FreigJii
and passenger office. ol6 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents
ttceaaies.s.q,isSf
63. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. May 31, 2 p. m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. June 0, 10 a. m
; SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Aucklan«
and "Sydney Thursday, June 12, 10 a. ra
i I. P. SPSECKELS & B£OS.C(J^ Gmsnl A&S., 329Marftl
! Eea'i f ass. Office, 643 Market st, Pier Ha. 7. Pacific St.
] C0XFA6KIS GENERALS TR1N3ATLAST1QC3.
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-FAKI5. ».«,,,-.
bailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier -t!. »«r*!SaSi
Norta Klver, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. *T0 and upward. Secoa4
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Nan
York. J. P. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coasi
Agents, fi Montgomery avenue, San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agtnta
AJJEKICAX LINE.
; NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. PauL.June 4, 10 amjPhiladel.June 18, 10 an
St. Louis. June 11, 10am' St. Paul. June 25, 10 an
UKV STAR LINK.
NEW YORK; ANTWERP. PARIS.
j Zeeland. . .June 4, noon ISouthwrk. June 18, nooi
¦ Friesland.June 11. noon! Vaderlnd. Juno 21. nooi
| INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.; •
, CHAS. D. TAYLOR,G.A.P.C.,30 Alojitgom'y gt
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
, Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLQ
8:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m'.. 'except Sun.
day. Sunday. 0:45 a. to.. 8:30 p. ra. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:20 noon, ti p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4 :-15 p. m. Far* it
cents. . Telephone Main 1508. Landing anj
of nee. - pier -'. UJs*ton-stre«t dock. HATCH
1 BROS.'
TURK, 545 — Two furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; gas, bath and phone.
TO LET — Two sunny well furnished rooms In
best part of city. Address box 501. Call.
THIRD. 418B— 2 furnished rooms, housekeep-
ing; gas, bath; $11. Call to-day.
STOCKTON, 120C — Model house. • newly fur-
nished; free gas, bath; housekeeping; $10-$12.
STEINER, 1325. corner Ellis— Two large sun-
ny corner r6oms; modern conveniences;- gas
s^ove, t-tc; $1S per month.
SAN CXRLOS ave., 355, bet. 20th and 21st. — 3
sunny nicely furnished housekeeping rooms,
with large yard; also use of piano; rent rea-,
sonable. .
POWELL, 722—2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private family; references ex-
changed.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large" bay-win-
- dow, with gas stove, $10; front room, $7.
OCTAVIA, 1250, cor. O'Farrell— Housekeeping
suite; elegantly furn. ; gas and coal range.
NATOMA. 217— Neat, large sunny housekeep-
ing room, gas, closets, baths, stove; for two
nice ladies or respectable workingman and
his wife.
MISSION. SG2. near Fifth— Sunny bay-window
furnished housekeeping suite; gas slave; S18.
MINNA, . 625A, upstairs — Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; cheap. ...
MINNA. 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
McALLISTER, MO — Sunny front parlor" : $12,
suite $7; gas range, lauqdry ( bath, phone.
MASON. 415, The Navilue — Three newly .fur-
nished sunny connecting housekeeping rooms;
other suites.
HOWARD.' OSS— Housekeeping rooms, or will
•sell houre and furniture of Grooms. . Call
between 9 and. 11. 2 and 5; or call at 251
Tehama st..- In rear. -
HAYES, 130. corner Van Ness ave.— Large
sunny room; rent $9.' "' .- ' •
GROVE, 104 — Nicely, furnished front suite'
rooms with gas range. • .-. ' . _
GOLDEN GATE ave., 022— Sunny bay window
suite 2 or a rooms; bath, laundry, gas range.
GEARY. 1012. near Van .Ness ' ave. — 4 sunny
connecting furnished rooms; telephone. - ¦
FIFTH, 363 — Furnished housekeeping; 3, $20;
2, $15; also single, $4, $0 to $S.
EL73VENTH, 120— Large sunny front ana lxick
parlor; unfur.; light 'housekpg.; no children.
¦ 1 -|Ej?'Fr!end8 and acquaintances are rcapect-
fuly invited 1 -to. attend, the funeral to-day
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, : May 20, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at I. O.
' O. F. Hall;- Oakland, under the auspices cf
the General Relief Committee. I. O. O. F.,
Oakland. .Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. - . ¦ • . ¦ ,
SWEENEY — In this city. May 24. 1902, John,
¦ beloved husband of Mary Sweeney, and be-
loved father of Peter, Mamie, Anne, Mar-
guerite, Joseph and the late John and Kate
Sweeney,- a native of County Cork, Ireland,
arred 64 years. •
C_y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at S:SO o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. John Sweeney, 1(559^ Mission street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
: the . renosn of his soul, commencina- at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STANLEY--In ; this city, May 21, 1902, Mary
A., . dearly, beloved wife of Fred'H. Stan-
ley,' and. mother, of Tom, Fred and Millie
Stanley, a. native of Boston. Mass., aged 48
years 7 months and- 19 days.
ETTrlenrJa and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, May 1 27, at 10:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 4211 Twenty- fourth street. In-
1 terrhent Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
SFENCER-r-In. this city, May 24 t 1902, Her-
-bert, dearly beloved and. only child of Henrj
and Jennie 8;iencer, t>. native of San Fran-
cisco, aired 1 year 5 months and B days.
.; (C7" Friend s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at £• c/clpck, from the Masonic Temple, cor-
ner Post and Montgomery streets, under the
'• auspices Of Mount Moriah Lodge No. 41,
F. and A. M. Interment private.
STEWART— In this city. May 24. 1002, James
A. Stewart, beloved brother of Mrs. P. H.
Spencer of Oakland, Cal., Mrs. Margaret
McKenfcle and Mrs. Mary A. McLean of Syd-
ney, D. Y. Stewart of St. Peters, Cape Bre-
ton, Neil Stewart of Halifax and Alex Stew-
art of Boston, Mass., a native of CaDe Bre-
¦ s ton. Nova Scotia, aced 55 years. (Nova
! SJSotia papers pleane copy.)
(E^Tlie 'funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at U o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 508 Ivy avenue, ithence to | Sacred
Heart Church, • where a ' requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at »:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Croes Cemetery.
SIMPSON— In this city, May 24, 1902, Wil->
Ham Simuson, beloved father of Herbert and
Hiram Simpson, and brother of Henry Simp-
son of .-Lisbon Center, N. Y., a native of
New York, aged . 64 years 0 months and 2 1
days. Late a member of Palmer Lodge No.
372. F. and A. M., of Bridgeburff. Ontario.
Ity Notice of funeral hereafter. -Remains
at the parlors of J. C.:. O'Connor & Co., 767
| Mission street.
PERKINS — In Mendoclno County, May IC,
1902, Fred S. Perkins, a native of Alexander,
Me., aged 09 years. '
SHFRIDAN— in this city, May 23, 1902, Brid-
got, beloved wife of the late Charles Sheri-
dan, and beloved mother of Christopher,
Patrick, Margaret and James Sheridan, Mrs.
B. Maeuire, Mrs. Z. Smith and Mrs. F.
Smith, a native of County Longford, Ire*
land.
in^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
-' at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor &¦ Co., 7(>7
•Mission street.- ¦ ¦ - ' ¦ — - -
NEWMAN — In this city, May 25, 1002, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Newman, . a . native of
.New York, . aged "72 years 1 'month and 25
days. . > •. •
(CTFriends and acquaintances are reepect-
.. fully. Invited, to attend the -funeral to T morrow
. (Tuesday}, at; &>a^*jm.,— from, the^xesidence
¦ of v the ¦> parents, 714 Franklin street, thence
to St. . Mary's Cathedral, where . a requiem
- high mass will -be. celebrated for the repose
—of her bouI at 0:30 a. m. Interment .' Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦
McAULIFFE — In this city,. May 25, 1902,- Pat^
• rick, brother of. Daniel and Edward Mc-
Auliffe. .a native .of Brosna, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 25 years. *
(C?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 7:46 o'clock, from her late
: -residence, 1153 McAllister, street, thertce to
' St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue
and Jones street, where a ' solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
¦¦ soul, ' commencing ot 8:15 o'clock. .Inter-
ment Holy Cross TJemetery.
KERRIGAN— In Alameda County, Cal., May
23, 1902, Margaret T., wife of John Kerri-
l gan, and mother of John J. Kerrigan, a na-
tive of "St. John, New Brunswick, aged 53
years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-day
' (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
' parlors of McGinn Bros., 224 and 22« Mc-
Allister street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train from Third
' and Townsend streets.
McCARTY— In this city, May 25, Josephine
E., beloved daughter of John and Josephine
McCarty, and sister of Andrew, William and
" John McCarty, a natitve of San Francisco,
' aged 27 years 1: month and 9 days.-
' (ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 72B Laskie street, off Mission, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
' at 9:30 a. m. Internment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KAHN— In this city. May 24, 1902, Alma,
dearly beloved wife of Joseph Kahn, and
'mother of Martha and Clifford Kahn, a ns-
• tive of .Sweden.* aged 21) years and 3 days.
(Chicago papers please copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1! o'clock,- from her late resl-
; dance, SS Cbenery street, between Thirtieth
and Randell. Interment I.» O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. — ¦
KLEINLEIN— In this city, May 25, 1902,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Hans Kleinlein,
and eldest daughter of Mrs. C. C. Dow, a
native of Virginia City, Nev., aged*2-t years
1 month and 18 days. (Virginia City papers
please copy.)
K^The funeral services will be held Tues-
day, May 27, at 10:30 o'clock, at 884 Bush
street. Interment . Cyores3 Lawn' Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city, May 25, 1902, Edmund
S., beloved husband of Bessie Green, son of
Anriie' A.\ and the late George 'Green, and
brother of Annie R. Ginder and Marguerite
A., Charles T. and the late John Green, a
native of San Francisco, . aged 25 years 6
months and 15 days. A .member of Court
¦Robin- Hood No. 1, Foresters of America.
(Brooklyn. N. Y., papers please copy.)\
¦ (CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, May 26, 1002, at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1804 Broadway,, between
Gougb and Octavia. Interment Mountain
. View Cemetery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock -creek
¦ route boat. . .
CERF — In this city, 'May 24, 1902, Josephine
. Cerf, dearly beloved . wife of Eugene Cerf,
and beloved mother of Charles and the late
AVilliam Cerf, a native of Washington, D.
C, aged 41 years. ¦ ' . •
GRANGE— In this cjty, May 23, 1002, Vera,
• beloved wife of Clarance Grange. .
• Funeral will leave Walnut Creek on the
7 o'clock train, Monday, May 20, thence to
'Albert ¦ BroWn's . undertakinn parlors,' 4G(>
Thirteenth street, Oakland, where ¦ Bervlces
-will -be held, commencing at 11 o'clock. In-
terment Mountain- View Cemeterx, Oakland.
BELL— In this city, May 25. J902, Amory F.,
beloved husband of Louise B. Bell,- and
father of Mrs. G. A. Meyer and Dr. Charks
H. • Bell of \ San Francisco and Amory and
• William H. P. Bell of- Seattle, a native of
.Cambridge, Mass., aged 71 years 9 months
and 5 days. • * . . '
CUNNINGHAM — A solemn requiem high mass
will bo celebrated for the repose of the soul
¦ of the late "Mr. John Cunninghairi to-day
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, at St. Rose's Church.
Friefids are invited, to -attend. '
CURRIER — In this city. May 22, 1902, Nata-
line B., beloved wife of Colonel John C. Cur-
rier, ' and mother of Harriet Natajine Cur-
• rler, a native of Rhode Island, aged 50 years
9 months and 1 day.
BURTON — In Moraga Valley, May 24, 1002.
Mrs. Kate Burton, • beloved wife of Arthur
T. Burton, and mother of Arthur J. Burton,
a native of Wisconsin, aged' 44 years.; . ;
Burton, '• Mrt. Kate : McAuliffe. Patrick
Bell. Amory F. . Newman, Ellen
Cunningham, John Perkins, Fred S.
Currier, Nataline B. Sheridan, Bridget
Cerf, Josephine ' . 'Simpson, William
Grange, Vera" ' Stewart, James A.
Green, Edmund S." Sweeney, ¦ John
Kahn, Alma : Stanley. Mary A.
Kleinlein, Elizabeth SDencer, Herbert
Kerrigan, Margaret ,_ Samuels, Isador
McCarty,- Jotephine ¦ Wells, Augusta S. j
DIED.
EDDY. 4US — Housekeeping rooms;, water free;
fine accommodations. '
CLAY, 14W — Two connecting rooms furnished
] complete for housekeeping; ~ select locality;
marine view; no bill. J ~~ ~ : ¦' ' i. (
BELL iThe), 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with
• kitchen, g-as or coal' stove, %YZ to ?20. ¦¦
nO^MS^FOn^HOUSEKEEPIXG^
APaEL^lrid^cTar"flaTs?^o^l^Tur^-^Kot''aad
cold water baths. ' electric lights -free; fur-
nished or ' unfur. ;- tel. EtBt 312, Sutter 41.
. Monday, at. 10 a. m., from the family resi-
dence, 013 Minna etreet. between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, j > —
SAMUELS— In this city. May 25. 1902, at the
PaciHc Hebrew Home, Isador Samuels, a na-
tive of Prussia, aged 76 years. : <
0"Notice of funeral hereafter.;
WELLS— In this city. May 25, 1902, Augusta
S. Wells, beloved wife of Charles -C, and
' mother of C. • F. Wells, a natitve of New
\ork. aged 52 years. ».
EMSLIE— In this/ city, , May 17, 1902, to the
¦ wife of Alexander Emslle (nee Price), a son.
GILMOUR— In this city, May 10, 1902,- to the
wife of George D. Gilmour, a son.. ' : - ¦¦
KUCHMEISTER— In : this ¦ city,- May' 16, . 1002,
to the wife- of H. A. Kuchmelster, a daugh-
ter. . ' " ' • -. ¦¦ v ' : .- . '
STEERS— In "this city, May S, 1902, to the
wife of Harry H. Steers, a son. :'••-¦,
SKIFF— In: this oity,. May 22, 1902, to the
.wife of A. IS. Skiff, a son.
WANTED— 2 sunny well-furnished rooms In
best part of city. Box 501. Call.
ROO5IS .WANTED.
JAMBS>McGlNN,
Formerly , with McGinn Bros., has. opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 -Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone ' South 570.
BOBN. '..
BARTON-4-In this city. May 16, '1902,- to the
wife of Robert P. ; Barton, a son.MAI' OR SCHMITZ OF SAN FRANCISCO GOOD NATUREDLT ASSISTS TJ^B LADIES AT THE TOKfSORIALISTS'
PICNIC AND PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE UNION SHOW THEMSELVES IN . VARIOUS INTEREST
ING POSES DURING THE PROGRESS OF THE DAY'S SPORT AT SAN LORENZO GROVE.
Pone Receives Merr. MarfclnftlH.
ROME, May 25.— "riie Pope has received
Cardinal MartinelH, who gave the pontiff
an account of his mission and the church
situation in the United States.
To Visit San Francisco
Without eeeing the Diamond Palate would
be . like visiting Europe without seeing:
Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco. It is a marvel of beauty an-3
elegance. It Is unquestionably the most
magnificent jewelry emporium in the
world — the splendid conception of a mas
ter mind, a controlling genius. Artistic
taste and skill challenge competition here.
To be appreciated it must be seen. Every
visitor and resident should go and exam
ine the marvels of genius at No. 221
Montgomery Ft. A. Andrews, proprietor.*
At 2 o'clock this afternoon the doors of
the Boston will be closed in order to ar
range the stock of clothing for the sale
that is to begin Wednesday. Too much
cannot be said In favor of this stock of
clothing that will be placed on sale — 10.000
suits, and overcoats cut -with broad
shoulders, shapely backs . and fronts.
Guaranteed to never lose their shape.
Military cut, in Thibet, black, oxford
gray, fancy stripes and checks, clay
worsted and serge. Not a single suit or
overcoat in this lot worth wholesale less
than $10. yet $4 65 will be the price. These
goods will be open for inspection on
Tuesday at the Boston Clothing Co. The
sale will not start before Wednesday, at
773 Market street, near Fourth. P. C
Kelly, assignee. . • "'
Store Will Be Closed.
Jamec Olwell and T. C. Can- of the com
peting room. James Schoonmaker and William
Foley of the pressroom and Emit Dengel and
John Peters of the stereotyping and mailing
departments.
The active pallbearers were chosen
from the mechanical department of the
paper. They v.-ere:
E. S. 6tap6on, city «*!itor of the Chronicle;
C. H. Werren, roaiagin«r editor of the Post:
Dent H. Robert, msnagins editor of the Ex
aminer; T. T. "Williams, business manager of
the Examiner; Al Murphy. J. X. H. Irwin and
Slax Xewberry, representing: the Examiner
Etaff; .Robert A. Smyth, sporting editor of The
CaJl; Attorney General Tirey L.. Ford, Ix>uis
F. Glass Jr., M. A. Newell, Sam H. Daniels,
Peter J. Dunne. James P. Dunne. John Bry
ant, Andrew F. Smith, Samuel Dowsett of
Honolulu, and 'VT. J. White and L. P. Ward
representing the San Francisco TjT>OErarhical
Vnion, of which Mr. Dressier was an esemnt
member. •
The body xra» then taken intD the
chapel, and later cremated. The honor
ary pallbearers were:
BODY TAKEN TO CHAPEL.
Dr. Leavitt followed with a short
prayer, and then the flowers that covered
the head of the casket were removed so
that the friends might have a last look
on the face cf the man they honored
by their presence. A long line was
formed, and for t?n minutes people pass
ed, viewing the calm face of the dead.
Dr. Leavitt read the funeral service
cf the Unitarian church, and then intro
duced Edward J. Livernash, who delivered
the eulogy. The speaker was greatly af
fected by the death of his friend, and
lie spoke from the heart. His words were
words of sorrow, and the language that
flowed from his trembling lips denoted
th-j grief under which he was laboring.
Mr. Livernash's tribute to the memory
of William De Mott Dressier was a sin
cere one. He tcld of the qualities pos
sessed by the deceased, of his kindness
of heart and sincertiy of purpose. He
dwelt on the good he had done in the
community by his forceful writings and
of his modesty. He expressed the great
sorrow all felt at his untimely taking
off and of the loss sustained bj,- the com
munity. In closing his eulogy Mr. Liv
ernash's eyes were dimmed with tears,
and as he uttered the words "Good by —
good by, 'Jake,' old man,"' there was
hardly a dry eye in the gathering.
The funeral of William De Mott Dress
ier, the well-known journalist, who died
last Friday morning, took place yester
day. Friends of the deceased gathered
round the steps of the chapel at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, where the ser
vices were held, and with uncovered heads
listened to the reading of the Scriptures
by Rev. Bradford Leavitt, pastor of the
First Unitarian Church.
The ceremonies were simple but im
pressive. In the gathering that sur
rounded the caske: were men in all
walks of life. Judges, city officials, phy
sicians, lawyers, newspaper men and
friends of the deceased were present to
pay a last tribute of respect to the dead,
tiorrow was depicted on the faces of
those who stood by the bier, for they
all loved the man who was taken from
tfceir midst.
Tne stairs of the chapel were covered
with magnificent floral tributes from his
fellow workers and friends. A vacant
chair, with the words "City Editor,"
¦was a tribute from friends. Other
handsome floral pieces attested to the
esteem in which "he was held by those
who knew him intimately.
DELIVERS ELOQUENT EULOGY.
Preceding Mills' lecture Mr?. Emllv
Conklin Lucey sang several songs appro
priate to the occasion.
In its social aspect*, the Chrijstlan gospel. If
practically applied, could scarcely be Improved.
It teaches men not only to love their neighbors,
but to love them even better than .themselves.
It says that if all men are children of God
they are true brothers, one of another. "Chris
tianity is the religion of love made easy." It
gives also a great conception of the world and
the position of humanity, in it. It doe» not
really teach, as has sometimes been proclaim
ed In its name, that the chief object of man
is to escape from a ruined and sinking: wreck,
nor even to save the wreck, as tome have
taught, but rather that it is our duty to help
the world on to a practical justice. The pas
sion that was manifested In the great crusades
and afterwards by the building of the magnif
icent cathedrals of Europe, needs to-day to be
intelligently applied to the organization Of hu
man society. If this cannot be done in the
name of Christianity, then Christianity . will
perish from the earth and a new • and better
form of religious expression will take its place.
To ray that greater men are yet to Come Is
"not to detract from the majestic character of
Christ, but to affirm the omnipotence of God."
The religion of brotherly love will outlast any
name that now we know, and be perfected In
a new h«aven and a new earth wherein will
dwell justice. ...
Christianity srives to the world to-day a grreat
conception of man and his relation to God and
to his fellow men. It regards him as God's
child, but loving unworthily like the prodigal,
and says to him. "Return unto God and he will
return unto you." It says that God is spirit,
that the true man also must be Epirlt, and that
theenre of all his defects will be manifested
if he joins himself in the closest communion
to God. . ¦ .
Jesus had this personal conception of a
righteous God in whom righteousness was iden
tical with love. He carried the old prophetic
conception to its limit, until God became to him
a father and nothing: else. For him the way
to know God was through love. It was a nat
ural thins that Paul, meditating on the life
and death of Jesus, should have seen him as a
perfect illustration "i this and announced him
as the incarnation of love, and the complete
revelation of God and should have satisfied his
legal mind by attemtping to show how God
could be righteous and yet forgive the wicked.
So he said. God himself bears the punishment
for man's sin. Poetically this was true, and
the Idea of love pouring out its life at. the de
mand of Justice for the service of humanity
can never fail in some form to exist In a world
that believes in a loving God. Much 6o~called
infidelity is simply the demand that God shall
be recognized as love and nothing- but love.
1 Benjamin Fay Mills delivered a lecture
last night in Golden Gate -Hall on "The
Transient and Permanent in Christian
ity." His subject was divided into the
origin of Christianity, its history, its doc
trines and what remains of value for the
present and the future. He said that lit
tle reliable history concerning the origin
of Christianity existed, but that there
was a great mass of tradition enveloping
it, and that one of the most significant
facts about its growth was that it never
gained any victories in the land where it
had its birth.
Regarding the teachings of Jesus and
Paul and the true aims of Christianity
Mills said:
Funeral of W. D. Dress
ier Attended by Scores
of Friends.
Declares That Little Is
Known About Life
of Jesus.
COLLEAGUES PAY
LAST RESPECTS
MILLS LECTURES
ON CHRISTIANITY
¦'¦ Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 00c flftsk:" Richard M' Co.. "40« Clay.
Lowest . rates for • moving, packing, ; shipping
and storing; See B. V. and S. Co., 630 Market.*
A case of cigars valued at ¦ $125 was
stolen from a wagon driven « by G. ' Rau
burger at the Broadwuy wharf Saturday
afternoon. It was to have been shipped
by Michalitschke Bros. &/Co., 1 410 Market
street, to Seattle by steamer. : The theft
was reportea to the police.
Case of Cigars Stolen.
Two boys' notified Policeman Sandman
yesterday afternoon that the body, of a
man was in an empty wagon In a vacant
lot off Spear street, between. Howard and
Folsom; Sandman investigated and noti
fied the Morgue officials. The body was
that of a man of light complexion, light
mustache, about 60 years ."" of , age and
poorly clad.- ! There were no papers ¦ to
lead to identification; It is supposed death
was due to: alcoholism. -'¦ A bottle con
talnlng ¦. whisky was : found . alongside the
body. ..V ¦ ¦
Died in Empty "Wagon.
Talk over the details while you lunch at
tly Cafe Zlnkand. ,— . .. •
The Rev. j Dr. Adams delivered- a ser
mon, "Remember the Days of Old,", which
gave him .the opportunity ' to relate in
masterful spirit the many deeds of valor
of the soldiers of the United. States. The
lecturer not -only spoke ¦ of '.the Civil -"War
and the valiant deeds performed, but told
briefly the cause that led up to the war.
He' thanked t God that all differences had
been obliterated and : that to-day there
was no South nor, was there a North; but
all . were united as one. The war with
Spain had shown the eagerness of those
of the South to get first to the battle-field
with the object of defending the old flag.
Dr. Adams spoke of those who, fell in'de
fense of .the Union in 1854. and brought
many memories of \ the past before . the
surviving comrades/ 1 •'."'. . ••' ¦ .
The service was national and patriotic,
and even the songs were those so. dear to
the nation— "My Country, 'Tls of Thee",
and "The Star-Spangled Banner"— in
which the whole of the vast congregation
joined. The choir sang "Speed, the Re
public," and Barri's stirring English bass
solo "The Old Brigade" was rendered. \ -; : ¦¦¦
George H. Thomas Post, Grand Army
of thi» Republic, held memorial services
last evening at the First Congregational
Church, Post and Mason streets. At 8
o'clock the members of the post ; marched
up the aisle and were allotted seats im
mediately in' front of the platform, which
was decorated with vases of .white flow
ers. Over the chaJr occupied' by the Rev.
Dr. George C. Adams was a handsome
flag of - the United States, and close by
guns were stacked and Bwords crossed. .
&Roy S. Hubbard. a milkman of the
Mission, was .the victim of a daring hold
up late Saturday night at the corner of
Mission and Twenty-third streets. a Three
!m P f n dS ) ,fr PP l 0 ( ached 1 , hlm and requested
Jll™ 2r 'Jv™ P ls Pockets inside out and
=>^ r r d utt St^ u h p a on h h,m ad an n d°
thCn M « hl8
no^ifll C rt Officers Riiey and Belyea were
notified of the outrage and having seen
* »«« named Clarence Anderson in the
went to a hi° Ut th^ tlme of the hold-up,
str^t whir residence, 3426 Seventeenth
bv HnhWH he v' as P° 8l «vely identified
££„ «£ ?. d J as beln * one °f the three
e 7 1 i°i lad ass ailed him. Belyea ar-
Rev. Dr. Adams Conducts
Patriotic Memorial
Service.
Victim Protests He Has
No Money and Is
Belabored.
FOOTPADS HOLD
UP A MILKMAN
•Resolved, That a copy of these preambles and
resolutions . be furnished : to the " daily newspa
pers of San : Francisco' and that they be also
printed in the next issue of the Labor Claries.
. Whereae, Mr... Dressier has: at all times
shown ¦ his. .adherence : to. union principles, as
proven- in time of great trial of this union;
therefore, be It- .-.<¦' ¦'-¦¦:,
• Resolved, By., San ; . Francisco Typographical
Union No. 21, Mn regular meeting assembled,
this 25th day of May. , A.' D. 1902, : that we
deeply deplore the demise of Mr. Dressier, and
tender our sincere sympathy to his relatives and
friends: and be* it further .¦-.-/ \"7 — <.-••.•.
"Whereas, It has pleased the Almighty Ruler
of the Universe to call from our midst William
De Mott Dressier, an • exempt member of our
union; end, v • ; : "
The following resolutions were adopted:
¦President, W. •W. Copeland; first vice presi
dent, L.- A. Bickell; second vice president. Far
ley, Lewis: . secretary- treasurer, H. L.. White;
trustee, L. Mlchelson ; member executive com
mittee, • B. H.'Cary; reading clerk. E. A. Par
ker; sergeant-at-arms, Alex D. Smith; dele
gates to I.-T. U.,'L. Mtchelson. J. P. Olwell;
alternates for I. TVU., D. S. "White, J. E. TV'IL
cox; delegates to Allied Printing Trades, C. E.
Flsk, H. L. White; delegates to Labor Council,
D. Cooper. W. 'W. Copeland,. J. F. Houston,
Farley Lewis, 'H. L. White. • ,
One -hundred 'dollars was appropriated
to assist Los TAngeles Typographical Un
ion in' its fight'againat the Times of that
city.. ' Provision was made' for further
contributions for ¦ that purpose in future.
A fine of $10 rwas • placed on any member
patronizing •'riewsdealera .who sell or
handle the Times. - ¦
The newly, elected officers were in
stalled, as follows:
i'-'A committee^pf three was appointed to
draft resolutions of respect to the mem
ory of the late ex-Secretary J. J. McDaH.
At, yesterday's meeting of the Typo
graphical Union, there were six initiations
and •;. fourteen applications for member
ship. ¦; . ¦¦::!-!'.¦¦¦ , ;._
Men in ] Fight Against Los
Angeles Times.
Mon«y Appropriated to Help Union
PRINTERS PAY. TBrlBTJTE
.TO LATE SECKETABY
VETERANS HEAR
EULOGY OF DEAD
I am pleased to be with you all on this
merry day. I am always happy to meet my
fellow-laborers wherever they may b«. Thie
Is the first time that I have enjoyed the op
portunity of meeting and greeting on an occa
sion of this kind any cf the union and working
men of Alameda County. , I had Intended to'
do bo before this, but business and engage
ments elsewhere prevented. As • you are all
probably aware, I owe the present position I
occupy as Mayor of San Francleco, In a very
great measure to the fidelity arid loyalty of
cisco. The Mayor was accompa
nied by his family and greatly enjoyed
the outing with the . tonsorlallsts. His
Honor addresesd the assemblage in the
dancing pavilion at 3 o'clock in a talk
that was brief, happy and appropriate to
the occasion. Cheers greeted the speaker
when he appeared and when he left the
platform. Mayor Schmitz said in part: .
AMONG the guests at the picnic of
Oakland Barbers' Union No. 134
at San Lor-nzo grove yesterday
was Mayor Schmitz of San Fran-
The committees that handled the picnic,
danclngr and games were made up as fol
lows:
Arrangements— F. A. Perry, chairman; W.
C. Wilson, secretary: J. Relnlny, treasurer; J.
C. Nunes, L. G. Beckel, M. Gusta, T. E.
Johnson, A. D.- Valentine, C." Reeves, E. J.
Dutra. R. Shubert, C. F. Hearther, I*. W.
Weeks.
Floor — M. Gusta. , noor manager; assistants —
J. C. Xunes. W. C. Wllson. A. D. Valentine.
Games— L. G. Beckel. Judge; assistants— C.
Reeves, C. F. Hearther, F. A. Perry. •
Reception— L». G. Beckel, W. C. Wilson.
J. J. Kalis, president of the State Board
of Barber Examiners, officiated as starter
in all of the races.
Three-legged race — H. IVaite and J. Keys,
F. Smith and H. . Martin, A. Jones and I*
Harris. ¦ ¦•• .
» Past and present officers — L. G. Beclcel, "W.
C. Wilson, C. F. Hearther. .
Men over 35— H. Walte, L. G. Beckei, W. H.
Cowles."
Committeemen — E. J. Dutra, L. G. Beckel, C.
F. Hearther.
Special race — "W. Walker. J. Walsh.
After the address by Mayor Schraltz the
throng in the pavilion repaired to the ath
letic grounds,, where a series of races
"were run off. The events and the win
ners are given in the order in which they
occurred: '
Boys under 12 years — Bernle* Davis, Melvln
Kalis, Walter Gercke.
Youns ladies over 12 and under 20 years of
age — Annie Simpson, Louisa Hearther, Carrie
Mounc. ' ' ¦
Married ladles — Mrs. G. A. Sllcox, Mrs. Gay
Niderosk, Mrs. A. C. Peregrine.
Marriageable ladies — Alien Fallmer, May
Barber, Kate Murphy.
-Men .over 20 — W. Walker. H. Martin, A.
Thompson. • • , .' •
Barbers— Max Venter, TV. M. Ray, G. T.
Barnes. , ¦
the sturdy working classes of that city to my
candidacy. As long- as I nil the office of
Mayor of San Francisco I mean, to and will
give the people clean, honest government, and
I will try and prove to all that a man selected
from the tollers Is capable of filling and ad
ministering: the duties of the mayoralty with
credit. to himself and fairness to all his fellow
citizens. ¦ . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 26, 1902
Oakland Barbers' Union No. 134 Has a Day of Jollity at San
Lorenzo Grove^One of the Features of Occasion Being
Address by This City's Executive— Winners of Races
SAN FRANCISCO'S MAYOR ENJOYS
OUTING WITH THE TONSORIALIST S
10
A-pvieitTTg-BnvrK^'^
We call particular attention
to the following lines of NEW
GOODS; which we will place
on SPECIAL SALE commenc-
ing Monday, May 26th. Upon
inspection they will be found
better values than anything
we have offered this season.
¦ •
SCOTCH WOOL CHECK CHEVIOTS, In mixed color
effects, .These goods are full 54 Indies wide} corns
In dark, medium and light Grass, medium Browns
and Blues, 1 are, veruvdeslrahle for tailor-made and
outing suitsj were formerlu sold at $1,50 uard.
Prlcetodose 65c Yard
43-INCH ALL-WOOL SUITINGS, In Granites, Crash
Cheviots and Chalk-line effects. These are all new,
seasonable goods, and are In a great Yarletn of
1 colorlngsj were Imported to sell at 75c and 85c per
nard. We will now sell the entire lot at
«... -. • • 50c per Yard
GENUINE IMPORTED WASH FABRICS, consisting Qt
French Ginghams, Scotch Zephnrs . and Egyptian
Tissues. These goods are in assorted stripes and
latest colorings, such as Blues, Reds, Maize, Laien-
{ der, Pinks and Gransj were Imported to sell at 25c,
35c and 40c uard, Then wlllall he now sold at....
••••••- •-. 1.. .....15c Yard
We will alsa continue this week our special sale of
FRENCH PRINTED SATEENS at -1 5c Yard
Samples of ahove goods will he sent free to ann address,
jand our customers are asked to write for them at oncBt
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
&t LsrU*
New basket fired
J a pan t e a
First to arrive this season
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
K on a c o f f e e
Highest grade the Island produces
regMy 25c lb 2OC
Chutney
'12 varieties— the real - nc
imported Bombay P mtS 3 OC
oondiment-regMy 40c quarts 5QC
Mar ma 1 ad e
Keiller-Dundee— wholesale price— '
reg'ly 25c jar - 2OC
C e y 1 on tea s
reg'ly special
"Bee" brand—all flavors ij 0C lb 40c
included in this sale— 60c '* 50c
delightful aroma— 80c " 60c
pleasing taste. $1 <( , 80c
S a r dines
Teyssonneau— very dainty little
fish— enough for two— reg'ly I2$c jq£
bijou can •
Lemons
Thin skin— juicy— reg'ly 25c
dozen I 5 C
. P im-Olas
Baby— olives ' 4 oz b o t IOC
with pimientos 6 "' " 3 for 5OC
C u r ry po w d c r
Vencatachellum— piquant flavor
reg'ly 30c .bottle 2 5C
C a nh e d a p pi e.s
Cheaper than fresh fruit —
reg'ly 15c— 2* lb can 2 for 2 5C
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
¦ COAL. COKE ; AND PIQ IRON.
JT W1I SflN * rfl oco Battery Street,
• W- IT lLMin tt W J-. Telephone Main 1S64.
¦ | ¦ . /._ .
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I i C RAVPC * m Shipping Butcher*, 10*
JA5. fiUICd CC LU ciayl TeL Main 12»t
OILSJ #
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINT INQ. ?
E- C HUGHES, B11 ¦£%¦%*>:
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO., ' •
• 23 First street. Saa Francisco.
0OLDBERG
BDWEN
* CO.
C 1 am bouillon
Concentrated dam juice , / .
delicious for broth for 3 pint 2OC
luncheon tea or sick -ninf *et*
room-reg'ly 25C-40C P mt 35^
H o 11 and cocoa
VanHouten-re*My95C fo-IIW o-^ v
ilb— lib cans ID 60CV
Lucca oil V J
Sublime— direct Importation from
Italy— reg'ly 60c quart bottla 5°*
•Whisky
McBrayer— Cedar Brook— %Z» X5
reg'ly $1.50 bottle $6 gallon 4.50
Rye whi s.k y
Guckenhelmer— ree'ly % 14$ full
quart— 10 years old '''S
Burgundy
Howell Alt.— rich frultyred wine— x
regMy $1 gallon °5 C
P ort w i n c
California private stock— health r 0Q
tonic— reg'ly 75c bottle— $2.50
gallon. #*
Gin g c r ale
Also sarsaparilla— popular
summer drinks— rich and . <j. jef
spaikling— reg'ly $1.25 dozen
Talcum powder
Colgate-purified-slightly -
astringent— reg'ly 20c cart *>3P
Glycerine-balm
Soothing to skin irritations— T
reg'ly 30c bottle— good for . 25c
sunburn "." ,
S i n k s t rain e r
Mrs. Vrooman's— sanitary— *\
regt'y25c 20C £
Fruit press
Henfs— also potato masher — fruit
season is near— reg'Iy 35c 25c
Big catalogue— camping estimates
furnished. Subscribe for tnagazini
"What To Eat"
432 Pln« 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco .
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| 6 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine. . -
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the S«xual Organs, for both sexe».
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
323 Market st.. S. F.— (Send tor Circulars.)
1A/. T. HBSS, >;M
H0T1BT PUBLIC AND ATTOWUT-AT-XiAW. ,/\7
Jenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spr«ekels Bid*
» .„ -Telephone . Main 083.
Residence. 821 California st.. below PoweU
. . Residence Telephone. James 1501
NEW^AIiVEBTISE''vrT:-fqrT8.
DOCTORS ENDORSE HERPICIDE
Because Its Formula Is Submitted to
Them.
Alexander. McMillan, ; m: d.. a promi-
nent physician of Lansing, Mich., writes :
''On three, cases. I, have tested Herpiclde
for aandruff and the result has been all
that could be desired."
• Herpieide Is made upori an, entirely now
principle, that is, that dandruff and fall-
£? 1 ! aJr ;,. are .: C i U18ed from » microbe that
thl «ff L halr . bUlb - :and by destroying
the, microbe one's hair is bound to grow
luxuriantly. Herpicide is the onfy ffi
S5t S?? c i al ~ 8 to and reaJly *£¦«£
stroy the dandruff germs.
M&Stitea* ..-Weak Eyes Strengthened.
¦JPStsS?*^ Paln *ul or Inflamed eyes ln-
SUtfMSnSue '• ctantly relieved with GEORGE
SSTr™? Jf MAYERLE-S German Ey»
*ftA?Sj-' rf*J?*J ' Water. B0c,v at 1071 Market
'•tJ^BS&RS^* * l - Tel - South 572. Nona «en-
' . : • ¦•;.." * , Hint without this trademark.
ADVEBTISEaEENTa V
Gibson's Observations No. 8
Published by "Your Bosom Friend." ever/oaeein a -wrhilo
Shirt pinch? And hump' up in a bunch above your sus-
i penders? Sleeves too long? ' ¦— '• • ". - ... j
• Break but In the buttonholes? And everything about it
Then you need me. I'm making shirts to order now, "Your .
Bosom Friend" shirts. Satisfactory shirts. Mr. W. R. Sib-
beut. late* of Bullock & Jones Co., is cutting and making j
i them right here in my own store. I want your trade in or-
' der to gain your friendship. ¦ Better order a half dozen to- •
day. hadn't you? . ' .
The price? Well! that's like everything else about here, •
BIGHT. • ||
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend/'
Furnishing's for Gentlemen.
J2O2*I2O4 Market St. 'Phone South 850
When we are offering the smartest shoes of our 1902 styles for
the lowest of sale prices, does this fact not merit your attention to-
day? •
If you have read our advertising of the last few days you are
aware that we are about to move into the Sorosis Shoe Parlors on
Post street.
Though our shoes are the most popular in the city for wear and
fashion; though they are the keenest styles of this summer— yet we
cannot carry them in the Sorosis store. There, we must handle
Therefore we are conducting a sale that has never beenparal- i
leled in America— the circumstances that force us to sell like this are i
so unusual.
If you want shoes for this summer's vacation — for any time this
year — you will never have an opportunity such as exists here to-day.. /
\ We can fit you with the best shoes on the market at the lowest
prices in the world. Do you need shoes?
50 Third Street. Second Shoe Store From Market
' ' •"¦--•¦¦¦•'¦ : . (