.CHICAGO, March -30.— Covered with
snow, and with a revolver clutched in his
hand, „ the body.' of Howard -R. Miller, a
student at the Keokuk, la., College of
Physicians "and r 8urge6n3, was found In
Lincoln Park to-day. . It is believed he
was despondent on account of over-study;
Medical Student Commits Suicide.
LONDON, March 30.— It is reported thrft
the Imperial Tobacco Company, through
Messrs. Salmon and Gluckstein, Limit
ed, tobacco manufacturers, has decided to
open a number of retail tobacco shops in
London and the provinces with the I€ei
of. crushing the small dealers w&e r*fiu«
its terms.
Will Try to Crush Small Dealers. .
WOODS HOLE, Mass., March 30.— The
steamer Indian, from Philadelphia: for
Boston, with. passengers and valuable car
go, went ashore on Cuttyhunk Island'ear
ly this morning during a heavy fog.' '.The '
vessel lies in; a dangerous position. . ..The
passengers, four, in number,. wenOandeu'
safely at 6'o'clock this evening. ,
Steamer Goes Ashore in a Fog.
Government shall receive 25 per cent of
the profits; 25 per eent of the output of
diamonds and other gems; 15 per cent of.
the eutput of gold, silver and mercury:
10 per cent of the output of copper, lead
and zinc; 5 per cent of the output of coal
and Iron, besides export' and likln duties*
These royalties are regarded here aa alto
gether prohibitive. • .
Chinese Mining Regulations.
PEKING. March 30.— The Government
has decided upon mining regulations, un
der the terms of which concessions, may
be granted to foreigners in any part of
China. These regulations provide that the
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 30j-Chlof
Detective Crowley of the Southern Pacific
to-night went Into . the j moonshiners'
stronghold, the Ozark Mountains, and,
after a clever and daring bit of work,
placed under .arrest a man whom he sup
posed to be. the. noted Joe George, who.
with Qreen, held up the Southern Pacific
mall, in, January, 1895, at Wllcox. Ariz.,
and robbed f/.e strong box of $3000.
Chief Crowley has been on the track of
Joe George for seven years, and during
the last two weeks has been among the
Ozark Mountains here disguised as a
miner. , When he got his prisoner Into the
light after tho capture. to-night all marks
tallied, even to the amputation of the
forefinger, but the nose of Georgp, the
desperado, is. flattened against his face,
'while, that of the Arkansas moonshiner [a
perfectly acqulllne.' 1 Both Georges have
lived In Arizona 'and have sisters In El
Paso. This state of facts led to the mix
ing of the - identities of the two men.
Crowley. leaves for. San Francisco to-mor
row. •
Discovers His Mistake After Arresc
ing the Suspect in a Moon
shiner's Stronghold.
RAILROAD "i DETECTIVE
TRAILS WRONG MAN"
.-Bulgaria 'will, / not, '; however,' . escape
ficathlf.-ss. As the Macedonian committee
is " known ; to :.have had ; some . connection
with '<the '.kidnaping/. Bulgaria will .;.be
called upon to, take measures for the pun
ishment'of its members. , Bulgaria'scom
plalnt 'against; Mr. Dickinson,' the' agent
accredJted'to.her.'wiU'be investigated." No
expectation is T, entertained ', by. officials that
It will be, possible. to apprehend and pun
ish the brigands who captured Miss Stone.
- . The Secretary instructed Mr. Lelshman
immediately, after Miss Stone's release to
gather . Information- 'to; enable this Gov
ernment .to place responsibility for the
outrage. In advance of the receipt of this
report the authorities are unwilling to
gtvo. their view ; as to the nation which
will be required to pay the ransom hand
ed to 'the brigands, and, in addition, com
pensation for the injuries suffered by the
'American missionary,' but it .is evident
that ' they believe ' the Sublime . Porte
'should, be required to satisfy; the indem
nity demahd. v .' ~ '. , •.
WASHINGTON, March; SO.— Secretary
Hay expects to receive this week a. full
report on the Stone ;case from Minister
Lelshman at Constantinople! .This report
will be used as a basis for Representations
locking . to ; obtaining indemnity from
Turkey or Bulgaria; ..- .
Stone.
the Kidnaping of Miss
TURKEY., OR BULGARIA
''MUST PAY -INDEMNITY
United States to Demand Redress for.
14 last, and his widow started home wit
the body on February 27. She had with
her two of her children.
In addition to her great sorrow Mrs.
Pope was , In ill health when she began
her homeward voyage that was to end so
htragically. She was suffering from a trop
ical ailment that sapped her strength, and
this with her grief brought deajth.
Fate was at least kind in keeping from
Colonel and Mrs. Pope the news of the
mysterious disappearance of their son, R.
O'Brien told his friend -he would carry
out the instructions. Wodlcka, his friends
declare, has always. been a person'of
mystery, and, although popular with the
people of - his neighborhood, .has ¦ been
noted , for hla eccentric ways.
"See that every one who attends the
funeral has a good time. Stop at every
n-uort alone the road and drink, to my
future happiness."
."In the first pluce, I don't want any
sign of mourning. Let everybody be Joy
ous.' Don't let any one go unless ho
wears a red necktie and a bouquet in his
lapel. Furthermore, a, band of 100 pieces
1» to Uad the 'Way, and under no circum
stances let it play any dead marches.
Let It play, 'A Hot Time In the Old Town
To-night,' and when the. cemetery, is
reached and my remains are being low
ered to their last resting place let tho
band play 'Down Went McGIhty.'
CHICAGO, March 30.— A spirit has told
Edmund Wodlcka, proprietor of a barber
shop on the West Side, that he willdle on
the 15th of next month. With the spirlt'B
words ringing in his ears, Wodlcka visit
ed the undertaking rooms of John O'Brien
and gave instructions for funeral service!
tnat arc; to be unique.
, "John," said he, "a spirit of the other
world came to me and told me that on the
15th of next month I will cease to exist
on this earthly sphere and I want you
to conduct my funeral.
Ragtime and Mourners to
Wear Red Neckties.
ORDERS A REMARKABLE
FUNERAL FOR HIMSELF
Chicago Man Wants Band to Flay
LATE CHIEF SURGEON OF MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF PHILJP r
PINES, 'WHOSE WIDOW SUCCUMBED TO GRIEF WHILE BRING
ING HIS REMAINS HOME, AND PORTRAIT OF THEIR MISSING SON.
TRENTON, ;.' Mo., Mnrch 30,-Gsorge
Bunch, aged 16 years, and George Young,
aged 20, jj'ono of respectable parents 1 of
this city.' made an unsuccessful attempt
late last night to wreck the eantbound
Chicago, Rock '¦ Island and Pacific 'pas
senger'train. No. : 12 h bout five' miles east
of here. Tho track nt.thln point. In on
a high '¦' embankment and "a derailment
could scarcely have occurred' witliout the
loss of 'many lives. Both boys : were ar
rested . and one has* confessed. Their
motive seems to , have ! been revenge for
having been put off a freight train. Dime
novels are also believed to have 'played
a part. : . ,/ . . . . .
"'¦ Busch and Young ; had gone to Prince
ton' yesterday morning .. and, returning
home, tried to steal a ride on -a freight
, train. The conductor ;put them. off *and
they walked to' within five miles, of ,Tren r
ton, . where ithey piled . several ties, across
the track along which ;the passenger was
due to pass 1 soon. *', Fortunately J:,a
late V, freight, . train,. "; pulled * by r one
of the 1400-ton .'class ; engines,' ; > ar-'
rived . at . the •¦,: • spot. .'-.a[u few V min
utes ahead; of the passenger. The weight
"of 'the engine and the ' high rate of \ speed
at ; which _the • train was going pushed the
obstruction; off ; , the?; track' .without *any
damage -'beine -¦ done.'- J .'Word was "' tele-'
'graphed t ahead > to] arrest Busch' ¦ and
Young 'and .they ; were taken as they/en
tei sd .Trenton. .
',..''" ..¦ ¦ - • ¦' ,'¦'" '
cengcr.
Intended to Derail a Paa-
YOUTHS TKY TO WRECK
A TRAIN FOR REVENGE
Freight Engine Strikes Obstruction
,.»*. . ,; ¦• •¦ ¦¦- ¦ • •
¦¦gy -M-r -yITH her .flag fluttering
Tm ¦ JH f at ' half-mast, the \
1/1/ transport Kilpatrick \
yy lr arrived yesterday from i
j r . Manila,- bearing -the j
body of the late Colo-;
nel. Benjamin F. Pope,' assistant surgeon
general ofthe army and chief surgeon In
command, of the Philippines. The start
ling news was also brought by the trans
port that the wife of Colonel Pope had
died on board the vessel on March 19 and
that her' remains were beside those of her
husbar><J_, , • '
No more" pathetic scene has ever BeCrf
witnessed at quarantine that the one that
took placo when th'e transport tug Slo
cum steamed alongside the Kilpatrick.
On board the tug were two sons of.Colo
nel and Mrs. Pope, who went out to re
ceive the remains of .their father and con
sole with the grief-stricken wife and
mother.
The young men were all-Impatient to,
board the transport and • greet their
mother, and when they learned that, the
grim reaper had ' taken . her from them
their . anguish moved many present to'
tears.
Colonel Pope died in Manila on February
¦Sad^Sce^ejWithessed
When Sons Meet
Transport.
LONDON, March 31— A report has
reached here from Constantinople, cables
the Vienna correspondent of the Daily
Mall, that Mohammed Recbad, the Sul
tan's brother, and his presumtlve succes
sor. Is dead. The report says foul play
is suspected.
Mohammed Rechad Is Believed to
Have Been the Victim of
Dr. Saxton T. Pope and Charles S. Pope
went to quarantine yesterday to under
take the task of telling their mother the
news of her son's disappearance, but they
found she had passed away. The two
children of Mrs. Pope were kindly. looked
after by the ladies of the transport after
the mother's death and were turned over
to their elder brothers after the Kilpat
rlck passed quarantine. The bodies of
Colonel and Mrs. Pope will be landed to
day at the Presidio, where they will prob
ably be interred.
Colonel Pope was born in New York
fifty-nine years ago. He served during
the Civil War as assistant surgeon of vol
unteers. He entered the regular service In
May, 1867, and "went through stages of
promotion until he became colonel and
deputy surgeon general of the army. On
the outbreak of the American-Spanish
war Colonel Pope was stationed at Angel
Island. He was appointed chief surgeon
of the Fifth Army Corps and served
through the Cuban campaign. In May
last he was ordered to the Philippines and
succeeded Colonel Greenleaf as chief sur
geon of the medical department in tho
islands, where he died from Brlght's dis
ease.
BROTHER OF THE SULTAN
IS REPORTED TO BE DEAD
Before the letter arrived in Manila
new3 was received here of the death of
Colonel Pope, and the fact that his widow
had started home with the remains was
made known.
WAS SPARED MORE SORROW.
be found of the missing young man,
Charles wrote to his mother in Manila,
telling her what had taken place.
News was telephoned from Council this
evening that a letter just received there
stated that a crowd of claim Jumpers had
arrived at Thunder Mountain and were
Jumping claims as fast as they could.
accommodations are scarce, and prices
have Jumped skyward in all lines
on account of the boom. Miners now
here send word to their friends not
to 'come for at least a month, but
every train (swells the number. When
the trails are opened the stampede will
be one of the most ftensational in the hi&
tory of mining in the Northwest.
"Most of those who dared the elements
this winter to get into the camp have
reaped harvests by selling claims. In
many instances Know locations have been
•old for $1000 to $5000 each, the- buyers
merely taking chances on the general rich
ness of the cold fields." .
"t The greatest drawback Ju»t- now is a
Hcarclty of provision*. Packlralns that
(¦t:iru-<! several v.<-<ks aeu have not cot
through. The weather is moderating,
however, and it is believed the uhortajje
will be relieved in the course of ten days.
One pack outfit became snowbound for
two wfcekf. Most of the mules died, and
the provisions were stored In snow cuves,
the men In charge of them returning on
Improvised snowEboen, Getting back'yes
terday. The ru«h has assumed such pro
portions that Boi«c and other places are
now crowded to the limit by etrangerr,
who came on bollcvlng they could, ett
into tho fields at once with ca.ee. Hotel
DEMAND FOR CLAIMS.
"Most of the surface rock is decom
posed and can be readily handled in sluice
boxes. In addition to this decomposed
quartz, there are rich placers, the two
combining to make the camp very attrac
tive to the poor miner. The placer sca
son is short, however, owing to the scarc
ity of water, ten days to two weeks being
the limit at most points. Last spring the
man from whom I bought this ground
took out. with the help of three others,
$22,000 in eight days. They had the dirt,
which ran as high as $150 a pound, piled
along the sluice boxes, and when the
enow water started to run they dumped
It in day and r.lght until the water supply
gave out. We prospected some dirt a few
day* ago which was frozen so we had to
thaw It We melted snow water and mad?
a test In a small rocker. If all the ground
is as rich as that we tested, it will run
more than $500 to the yard."
"The shaft is now down ISO feet and the
ore grows richer with the depth. Cross
cut channels have been run nearly 200
feet both ways from the bottom of the
chaft, and the same values continue In
both directions. There is a pay streak in
the mine, which runs from $2000 to $10,000
a ton. At the ISO- foot level the pay streak
Is four feet wide. On either side of this
rich vein are Immense bodies of ore that
assay around $20 a ton. It is all free mill-
Ing ore and the output can be limited only
by the number of stamps that can be
worked to advantage."
Thomas J. Carter, Just back from the
gold fields, says:
developments in the Dewey mines, told by
Jonas Lawrence, who has just returned.
He said:
The entire section, something like forty
miles square, Is thickly mineralized. It
Is an immense volcanic deposit, something
of the character of which is revealed by
BIO VOLCANIC DEPOSIT.
tions to work their claims.
Belated reports irom marby towns up
to midnight show that the wind 'played
havoc at every town In -ts track. . At
Mingo Junction, Ohio, two big structural
ore bridges of the .National Steel, Com
pany's plant, valued at $30,000, were twisted
into shapeless masses of iron. At Belle
Vernon, Pa.^ the American Window Glass
Company's plant was unroofed, several
blocks of houses belonging to the com
pany were wrecked and other damage was
done.- At Greensburg, Pa., nearly nine
thousand feet of roof of .the Keeley'&
Jones plant was carried away and the
great cupola of the First' Presbyterian
Church was toppled into the street! 'At
Jeannette, Latrobe and New Alexandria a
number of houses were unroofed.
More than 2500 lights of glass in the
Phipps Conservatory, in Schcnley Park
were broken and much of the . gorgeous
Kaftter flower display was ruined. The
Montana Apartment Houec and the Idaho
building, which adjoins it, were partially
destroyed.
HAVOC IN MANY TOWNS.
"The injured: Rev. Allshcuse, cut about
head, seriously injured; Melvtn Harvey,
gashes in head, arm broken; RunreM
Gist, wounded about head and body,"
"ROBERT GIST, aged 10, internally in
jured; died while being takon home.
A Wellsburg (W. Va.) report received
late to-night says: "The storm which
visited the Ohio Valley to-day amounted
to a calamity here. The historic Franklin
Methodist Episcopal Church, four miles
east of this place, is in ruins, Its vener
able pastor is seriously injured, two mem
bers of its congregation are dead and
several others are injured. The Rev. Mr.
Allshousc had reached the peroration in
his sermon on "The Resurrection" when
suddenly the gable end of the church was
blown in. The falling timbers and debris
struck him and fell all about him. The
congregation was panic-stricken. Many
had reached the outsldo and others were
yet in the edifice when the gale' lifted tho
roof off and it fell among the people. The
dead are:
"ESTELLA BRADY, 16 years of age,
neck broken and instantly killed. ¦
TWO. KILLED IN CHURCH.
The offices of the Monongahela! connect
ing railroad in this city were destroyed
by fire during the afternoon, because no
alarm could be turned in, the wires being
down. The Armstrong Cork Company's
plant was unroofed and much damage
done to machinery and stock. All rail
roads suffered more or less from broken
telegraph poles and crippled service.
The Forest Oil Company had between
200 and 300 derricks blown down in its
McDonald region and considerable dam
age was sustained by its pipeage system.
The Injured: Robert Patterson, aged 11
years, will die; Leon Averlll, aged 11, will
die; Mrs. John Patterson, mother of Rob
ert; Mrs. Mary Patterson, Miss Mary G.
Wallace. Mrs. Averill, mother of Leon.
At Jamestown a , tornado tore out. one
end of the United Presbyterian Church
while Rev. J. M. Jamison was preaching.
He was buried under a mass of brick and
timbers and fatally Injured. The congre
gation escaped unhurt.
The Nobelstown Presbyterian Church
was unroofed.
• SPIRE CRUSHES ROOF.
As Rev. J. W. English,, pastor's of £ttie
RObfafcon 1 r'-Ttvm ' .~rrAttea'^Pto'y frffit*
Church, near McDonald, was "raising his
arms to pronounce the benediction, light
ning struck the church spire arid it .top
pled upon the roof, crushing it and injur
ing a number of worshipers, two of whom
will die. •
The Pope deplores the spread of athe
ism, which he finds invading all depart
ments of state. In urging Catholics to
combat doctrines contrary to religion, the
Pontiff condemns the forthcoming insti
tution of the law of divorce in Italy.-.yVY^
The Pope invokes a union of Christian
churches as the leading remedy to save
society from violent attacks of atheists
and Free Masonry. He maintains trio
necessity of upholding the temopral rights
of the church, and counsels an active
spread of Catholic workmen's societies.
"Unceasing troubles and misery have
provoked people to anarchism, which
henceforth promises to constitute a for
midable party of malefactors leagued
against Emperors, Kings and Presidents
of all governments. These governments
must adopt decisive measures for the de
fense of genuine liberty arid must enforce
the teaching of religion." f
SPREAD OF ANARCHISM.
"There are exaggerated armaments
among great nations, the effect of which
Is even more disastrous than war.
"All", these things have created world
wide'disquietude.
"Unjust wars are being waged by strong
nations- against weak and feeble people.
MISERY OF ; HUMANITY.
The Pope says, he , would encourage
Catholic Bishops throughout 'the world to
continue vigorously to resist persecutions
which now afflict the. church., These per
secutions would continue, but they would
not affect the 'spread of the light of Christ
among infidels. ; His Holiness .views; with
alarm and sorrow the conditions' now ex
tant and declares/.".'
-...:' "Never has humanity found itself In
.igiwf*" 1 VtityeiaiBta-eoiitiltlon 'tiratrat-prcs'ent:
There -is disorder in all social relations
and especially in family relations. Ex
j cesslve liberty has been j created, ¦ which
has fostered socialism and anarchism.
That the world is passing through ' a
perilous time is insisted by, the Pontiff,
who desires that this encyclical—practi
cally his dying words— will by its warning
arouse all Christendom to a sense of the
danger that confronts it. The growth of
divorce and the resultant ; easy loosening
of marriage ties are condemned. 'Lib
erty and disorder in social relations are
said to make the people drift farther
from God. . ¦ ' \
Wars and great armaments are held to
have a tendency to make the poorer fear
oppression and anarchy and socialism are
the results, until now organized bands
seek the lives of all rulers. -.;*••>»£
Union of all Christian churches to op
pose the attacks of atheists is urged, and
the co-operation of other, religions than
the Roman faith to save society is im
pressed upon all believers in God.
The Pope, realizing that his days on
earth are numbered, .states the 'fact that
thia encyclical will be perhaps his final
word of. advice to the ; clergy and mem
bers of the Roman Catholic church. The
holy father therefore says that the mes
sage may be considered as his testament
to his people.
ROME, March 30.— The most remarkable
message ever issued by a Pontiff to - his
people is' the Easter encyclical of Leo
XIII,' published to-day in His- Holiness",
official orcan. . '-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, March 30.-One of the
fiercest windstorms ever known in this
section struck the city to-day just before
noon. Almost incalculable damage was
done to property and many people
were injured, some of whom may die.
Scores of houses were unroofed, many
trees were blown down, mill stacks top
pled over and telegraph and telephone
wires were disabled.
The most serious accident was the un
roofing of the Presbyterian Church in
Knoxvllle, occupied by about 600 persons.
"Willie the minister was in the midst' of
his sermon the wind blew down the large
chimney and lifted a portion of the roof.
Bricks from the chimney crashed
through the roof anc. carried a huge
piece of the hardwood ceiling down upon
the worshipers. A panic ensued and a
frantic rush was made for the doors and
windows. At least forty persons were
caught by the wreckage and more . or
lesi hurt. Of this number five may not
recover. '.; ': '•?.;.
The more seriously Injured are: Dr. R;
J. Phillips, aged 40, may die; Curtis Ray
McKnight, aged 4, probably fatal; Clar
ence McNulty, aged 17, may die; Fletcher
Byron, seriously; David Smith, aged 32,
seriously; Joseph Adams, 21, badly
crushed; Albert Schmidt, aged 14, both
arms broken and head cut; John Meyer,
aged 17, head and face cut; Thomas
Mechlin, aged 18, arms and , face cut;
Evans Jones, aged 22fj<2irlous; Mrs.
Rachel Schultz, aged 25, arms broken.
The towboat Belle McGowan was over
turned by the wind on the Ohio River and
completely wrecked. Her crew was res
cued.- \ >~';\
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The rush to the Thunder Mountain gold !
fields continues unabated. The stampede '
for wealth has taken a great many of the
crowd Into the district proper, but, ow
ing to the great danger of traveling In
the mountains at this time of the year
and the hardships incident thereto, the
majority has located in a fringe of towns
adjacent to the gold fields— Boise, Weiser,
Xetchum. Lewlston and other places.
Here hundreds of men. attracted to the
new gold camp, are waiting till the trails
ehall have been worn down by the more
hardy and fearless ones, whom no argu
ment could keen out. Some of the lat
ter have Just come out for provisions.
They relate stories of the richness of the
district that sound like romance, but
which are borne out by samples of ore,
nuggets and gold dust. These stories are
supplemented by^ letters frprn^ men who,
would 1 n6t~retunf,* Kinl£liiIttg\%Ti~im6irT^a^
Rich finds on Monumental and Mule
creeks have been made, the ore assaying
from $100 to $2700 a ton. In an Indian
grave were found the remains of an In
dian skeleton. At the Bid© of the bones
was a pile of more than $3500 in gold nug
erets, arranged into grotesque ornaments.
Nuggets of about the same purity and be
ing similarly Imbedded in quartz have
been found In the gold fields at other
points. Indicating the source of the In
dians' wealth. .
BOISE, Idaho, March SO.— Excitement is
at fever heat here over reports brought
out from the Thunder Mountain gold
fields by returning miners. " Frozen dirt
has been washed out in snow water and
panned in ordinary prospecting pans, ?50
a day to the man having been obtained in
that manner. Decomposed quartz, pound
ed In a mortar, has yielded as high as
$200 a day to two men, one pounding and
the other washing.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Great Stampede to
Follow Opening
of Trails.
Immense Damage the
Result of Tornado's
Sweep.
Urges Union 'df'Chris
tians to Oppose
i Atheism.
Tells His People That
He Is Near to
Death.
Scores of Persons In
jured in Pennsyl=
vania Towns.
Offer Golden Proof
of the District's
Richness.
Charles S. Pope, a civil engineer, em
ployed by the North Shore Railroad at
Sausalito, also joined in the search for
his missing brother, but -without avail.
With the realization that no- trace could
Dr. Saxton T. Pope of "Watsonvllle was
the first to discover that his brother had
disappeared. He called at the lodgings of
his brother only to learn that he had been
missing from his room for, ten days. The
young man had left all his clothing and
possessions in his room. It was learned
that on November 14 young , Pope had
drawn a remittance of $65 from the bank,
sent to him by his father.
On leaving Lowell High School young
Pope, in September last, took the entrance
examination at Stanford University. Ha
was dissatisfied with the showing he had
made and returned to San Francisco and
took a room at the .Winchester House, on
Third street. He then sought employ
ment.
About November 13 last young Pope was
missed from his lodgings In this city, and
though his. brothers have kept up a per
sistent search and have spared no ex
pense, absolutely no tidings of the missing
young man have been secured.
H. Pope, a promising: young man who had .
reached his majority.
SON SUDDENLY DISAPPEARS.
Pope's Easter Ency=
clical a Remark*
able Missive.
Roofs Crash Down
Upon Easter=Day
Worshipers.
Thunder Mountain
Miners Tell of New
El Dorado.
0/i a Soldier 'Ship * Come in? Bodies of Colonel Pope and
IffliliK
MAY BE
HIS LAST
MESSAGE
THE DEAD ESCORTS THE DEAD
ACROSS THE PACIFIC'S TIDE
CHURCHES
COLLAPSE
IN A GALE
DIG OUT
FORTUNE
IN A DAY
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 121.
SAN FRANCiSCO, MOND A^ST^ ;MARC5? 31, i902i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLFor Chilblains— Use Sal va-ceaJ
It subdues the inflammation; and stops the
Itching. Also best thlngfor eore or tender feet,'
cold in head, -bums, bruises and'bltes, while for
plies- it is simply remarkable." 25c and BOc ~ at
(Irucgins or by inai:. : Halva-cca^^U Canal, N^Y.
TEN THOUSAND MINERS -
WIL GO OUT .ON STKIKB:
Rochester and Pittsburg Coal and:
Iron Company Eefuses to, ;
Adopt Wage Scale. •. ; .
ALTOONA. Pa., March 30.— President
Gildea of Bituminous Coal District No. 2,j
United Mine-workers, has received notlct? J
that; the national board of the; -United'
Mine- workers of America has sanctioned a. •
strike of the Rochester and. the Pittsburgh
Coal and. Iron Company's miners on April :i
1- If the company's president has not by. 1
that time signed -the scale adopted at- AW?
tooiia last week. The company employs j
ten thousand mine-workers and tho%Ban-is^
of other workers would be affected by.thef
closing; of the mines. '; The company held,}
out for, concessions not demanded by " the '
other operators who attended tho Altoona !
convention. . '¦" ': •::.- , .<j
¦ TOLEDO. O.. Mhrch SO.-DannyiRosen
becker,^ 13; years of age." was arested to
ciay.'roi 1 the murder of 7-vear-olrl Arthur
Shanteau The. rmrent 3 cfUhe boys reside
T.n. a p d « J wi!lL ng farms lw .° miles from Toledo!
Rosenbeckor says that while he and
bnanteau: were hunting crawfish . yester-
SnV'S" l att ? r n cal l e . d h7m a name and at
tempted to strike -him with a club, where
upon - Rosenbecker retaliated by striking
Shanteau with a.butcherknife until he
was dead.. .Then' he: dragged the: body
among. Borne weeds. Roscnbcckerappar
flecd' CSn ° realiZC the enormlt y of; the
THIETEEIT,YEAE.OLD ! BOY
• . KILLS YOUNG PLAYMATE
TACOMA, Wash., March 30.— C. D. Em
ory, a burglar, was taken to Walla Walla
pententiary to-day to serve ten yeara for
robblngr Judge Fogg's residence in Janu
ary. . Police Investigations show that
Emory has had a long record of crime in
San Francisco and other California cities.
The ; San Francisco police write that he
was sentenced for two years for embezzle
ment In April, 1SS0; to three years for bur
glary In January, 1885; and to five years
for burglary in October, 1891. In Califor
nia he went under the names of Emory,
H. P. Lowe and H, P. Garrett..; J
received. I am much pleased to hear that the
money has been raised for the carrying out of
the drainage •experiment near Fresno. I have
directed W.\ H; Hellman. assistant In the bu
reau, to 'prepare to go to Fresno bo as to ar
rive .there the first •. of April. Hellman will be
equipped; to superintend the installation of the
drainage experiment on the piece of ground
which you have selected. It Is impossible to
formulate detailed plans of the work until we
know, exactly what piece -of ground . you have
-selected : for- the Work. - Hellman . will after
seeing the ground, outline to you hla : plans.
I -trust, that this co-operation between the de
partment and the people of Fresno, will be most
hearty on both sides, . for.: I am sure the experi
ment vlll d»ruonstratp the feasibility of re
claiming the alkilt lands. . ¦¦.-,¦<¦
MILTON WHITNEY. Chief of Bureau.'
Very Bad, This Man's Record.
Almost Kills Its ' Tormentor, While
0 Americans at the Arena
Cheer Wildly.
EL PASO. Tex., March 31.— The usual
Sunday bullfight at Juarez. Mexico, was
accompanied by a somewhat unusual
feature, the goaded animal turning the
tables on the matador. Several bulls had
been brought Into the arena, but th»
amusement they furnished was rathe
tame from a Mexican standpoint. There
mere many Americana among the spec
tators, who were somewhat disgusied
with the brutal show, as horse after
horse was gored by the tormented bulls
while- the picadors and matadors escaped
scathless. •
This was all changed, however, when
Jarllgo. the premier matador, was pre
paring to thru3t his long doublt-edctd
sword into the heart of the fifth bull tnat
had faced him. • It stood in the center of
the arena, bleeding from many wounds
Suddenly the bull made a quick lunge for
the fighter. So unexpected was the at
tack that the fighter was unable to make
the customary sidestep, t
He was caught on the bull's horns in
the middle of the body and tossed about
like a toy balloon. Before he could be
rescued Jarilgo's clothing was stripped
from his body and his right leg and hlo
were severely lacerated. It probablv will
prove his last bull fight, as it Is not
thought that he will be -able to step hito
the arena again as a matador.
As the bull tossed the man high in the
air. receiving his body on its horns, onlv
to again toss it up. the Americans amoni?
the spectators cheered th<* animal loudly
which called forth a storm of hisses from
the Mexicans* present, and for a time it
looked as though there would be a colli
sion tctween the two races.
Fails to Commit Suicide.
ST. LOUIS. March 80.— Everett C. Baker
of Terra 1 Haute, Ind... former cashier of
a bank at J-iarri3burg-, III., attempted to
commit suicide by jumping into the Mis
sissippi River here to-day, but the inter
ference of the- police defeated hia pur-
TOETimED BULL TUBNS
TABLES ON MATADOE
Chinese Dies of Alcoholism.
MILWAUKEE, Wls., March 3O.-The
body of Charles Lue. a Chinese, is at the
Morgue. Charles is eaid to be the first
of his race in this country to drink him
self to death. His death Is attributed by
the Coroner to "alcoholism." Charles had
no fixed occupation, and what money he
got. it Is said, went for drink. He was
found dead In his room.
PRETORIA, March SO.— The efforts of
Acting President Schalk-Burger to open
communication with Mr. Steyn, former
President of the Orange Free State, have
thus far been unsuccessful. Dewet an|l
Steyn have crossed the main line of the
railroad going west. They were escorted
by Van Niekirk and Van Demerwe, and
have been traced to Paris, about thirty
miles northwest of Heilbsohrad, Orange
Kiver Colony, by Colonel Garrett. v'.
LONDON, March 31.— Nothing dellnlte
has transpired concerning the pence nego
tiations in South Africa. : Messrs. .\V<-.s
sels and Wolmarans, the Boer delegates,'
who 'were: recently in the. United States",
have been Interviewed since they returned
to France. They expressed •.. their hone'
that a satisfactory compromise would fol;
low Mr. . Schalk-Burger's mission. Mr."
Wessels is credited with having declared
that Mr. Kruger would approve any terms
of peace arrived at In South Africa. :.
The Hague correspondent of the- Dally"
Telegraph says he believes Dr. Kuypers,
the Dutch Premier, \vl\o started last'
Thursday on a visit to Belgium and Ger
many, goes to those countries in the inter-i
ests of peace. • . .
The papers this morning publish edito-:
rials on the satisfactory condition of (.he
finances of Great Britain, as revealed by
theirovenue returns.- They generally con
gratulate the country that, In'spltu of Unj.
war, the . prosperity of trade con tinuesr. '
This prosperity, the 'papers declare, is
proved by the -large increase In mvenua 1
from the Income tux. It is estimated that"
the budget deficit will reach 3C27.O0O.Oj0
and that the sxiccoss of previous expert-'^
menta will induce > Sir Michael Hicks-'.
Beach, the. Chancellor of. tho ¦ Exchequer, •
to further widen the basis, of 'taxation. ' •
The Daily Telegraph thinks the war has
had the effect of awakening the energy of
the whole empire and that it may prove
the salvation of Groat Britain's business*
position In tho world.
"I told him I was getting along all right
anyway,:.' as I was 'both .receiving and'
sending messages, to -the Campania," which
was outward bound; for- L.vcrpool. I had
received eight messsages from the Cam
pania. ' ¦ ' ¦¦•-.' •
' "I -opened the door of the telegraph
house and. > looked out. ¦ • The bamboo
spreader- which, suspends, the wires from
the ti lieu of -the -mainmast, had become
detached and fallen overboard with both
rh/ e n?,w d w " e ; trailing alongside, as
¦¦"Marconi .was. asked at the^ Hoffman
House last : night . about Mr. Brocket's
extraordinary experience. - yX - ¦£ ;?.. "
It i.s possible/'.he said, "provided the
a' D art lB frW T^&aAv^ffiwSS;
apart. If tho wires were' in their nroDer
fes .on Xhe ¦ Campania . oommunlcaUon
&£* J a&, £ riln , tai ned even though ' they
weie displaced on the', other < vessel -I
have demonstrated by oxpe -Irnent that
messages can be. sent and received with
hS?d»VnM"" d ? wn »' If the shoid
be displaced on both vessels" however
neither., could receive nor send mS !
.NEW YORK, March 31.— The , World
says; j Here's the latest marvelous per
formance of Marconi wireless telegraphy:
/"At 6 p. m. Saturday, as I was talking
with the Campania,", said Wireless.Opera
tor Brooker of the Umbria, which arrived
to-day, 1 ; "the chief officer' of the Umbria
came into. the telegraph room and asked:
¦" 'Do you know that your wires are
down?! ' ' .......... ;•'• .
'..'.' ..'Ayhat do you mean? f 'i asked.' • ;
''"Your wires , are.' overboard, trailing
alongside' • • : • • .
"WASHINGTON". March 30.— Large crowds
attended, the Easter services at the churches
to-day. The President attended services at
the Grace Reformed Church and Mrs. Roose
velt and her children went to St. John's Epis- •
copal Church.
Kruger to Approve Any
Terms Acceptable to j •
His Generals.
Messages Are Received
:; With Wires Trail- -
: ing Overboard.
CHICAGO. March SL— Colonel Robert C
Clowry has left for New York to assume
the duties of his new office as president
and • general manager of the Western
Union Telegraph Company. Most of the
officials of the local omces were at the
depot to say good-by. He was accompanied
by C. Ii. Brist»I. superintendent of con
struction, and J. C. Barclay, general elec
trician, who have been transferred to New
York with Colonel Clowry. H. D. Esta
brock, a brother-in-law, and his daughter
were also in the party. Colonel Clowry
will formally enter upon hie new duties
to-morrow, when T. P. Cook, who suc
ceeds him as general superintendent in
the Chicago office, will also take formal
charge here. , -
Goes to Manage Western Union.
Tne protests of the powers, writes the
correspondent, urged to action by the
Greek circular, have resulted In Turkey
making energetic military preparations,
in the face of which it is possible that M
Sarafoff will not venture to put his plans
into execution. Still, owing to Russian
machinations and the jealousies of the
powers, continues the correspondent
which prevent the execution of the re
forms stipulated In the Berlin treaty the
outlook Is disquieting. .
'LONDON, March 3L-In a letter from
Athens, published ,thls morning in the
Times, the correspondent says there are
many indications that grave trouble Is
coming In Macedonia and Albania. There
is no doubt that M. Sarafoff, the chief of
the Macedonian committee, has planned a
general rising of the Christian popula
tions of European Turkey for the coming
b-pring. In spite of his failure to secure
any support at Athens or Belgrade for
his projects, M. Sarafoff is continuing his
preparations.
MARCONI SYSTEM
TRIUMPHS ANEW
General Rising of the
Christian Population
Is Expected.
; CABINET MEMBER WHO IS
•SOON TO SURRENDER HIS
• PORTFOLIO.
Professor: Mead spoke before a meeting
of the Fresno Lyceum, a local /debating
society. He did not seek to explain the
system the " Government would adopt so
much as he sought to emphasize the fact
that i the ''comrnunlty must . get.* together
and co-operate with the Government— that
the ' Government . would 'not 'do :it"{ all, and
that: the work of organization must mot
be left to be performed. by the engineers
and Government experts. .' *
At, the conclualon<of the meeting a set
of resolutions was adopted petitioning the
Department of Agriculture to make thia
county its field 'of Investigation on the
subject of "alkali, drainage. :But other
forces had been at work In the meantlmi!
and before the petition reached: Washing
ton, an expert' was chosen from there, to.
conduct .the work here. The -following
letter, was* received this, week, by .City
Engineer Teilman, who has conducted the*
experiments thus far," and -is self-explan
atory: ¦;¦ '¦¦¦;. -
United. States Department of "Agriculture, Bu
¦ reau of Soils, • Washington, J>. C..v March
•-. IT," 1802.. .. -.'• ••
;, Sir:;,- 'Your 1 , letter, of . February; 28, has- been.
Land-Owners Must Incorporate.
Some ' months ago ! several of the farm
ers commenced. to agitate the subject of
drainage to get ridof the alkali, and suc
ceeded . in , . , interesting . City . Engineer
Tollman .. and Lucius. . Baker,',, both
well-known citizens, '.who took up the
matter with the local Chamber of Com
merce. ..The. gentlemen were appointed a.
committee. to circulate a subscription pa
per for means : to conduct an experiment,
and they succeeded in raising about $300.
Teilman superintended .the experiment.
. A' series of trenches was dug at a depth
supposed to -be sufficient to carry off all
water : seeping through from the surface,
and a, large flowvof Irrigation water waa
turned on the- land. But the experiment
accomplished nothing. It was not con
ducted on a large enough scale to be of
any, practical benefit. The, principal rea
eon. assigned for i the failure was that no
study had been made of the soil strata.
, The :¦ matter was > dropped • > for ¦ a few
weeks, but was finally taken up again by
John 8. Dore of West Park. Dore has
one of, the finest ranches In his part of
the county, but already the encroachment
of the alkali- has injured a portion of it.
He commenced an: active campaign. to en
list: the, assistance; of the Government in
tho work, asserting • that the subject.- of
alkali drainage wVs one of vast .'impor
tance to the entire country. By hl9»efCorts
arid . the assistance of the Fresno Cham
ber of Commerce Professor El wood Mead
of the University of California, expert In
charge of irrigation for the Department
of .Agriculture at Washington,: was
brought here to address the farmers and
cltlxens on the Question.' '?,' • •
Farmers Advise Drainage.
The spread of alkal over the surface
of the land? has for a long time been a
menace to a large number of ranches and
orchards through Fresno, Central, Wash
ington and West Park colonies, southwest
of this city. There has been no drainage
of any kind, for the Irrigation > : water,
and the seepage from the ditches,'togeth
er with the water spread over the ground
In irrigating, has filled the ground with
water and gradually washed tho alkali to
the surface.
Slowly but surely this destroyer of the
soil. has been spreading, -until .-at present
it threatens some of the best farms in the
colonies. In some of the lowest places.
In the colonies ranches have already been
ruined. Places that twenty years ago
were assessed at $200 an acre and were
considered among the_ most valuable
pieces, of ranch property In the- county,
are now assessed at less than $20, and >lo
not bring their owners enough income to
pay the taxes. v : ;V- ' \ -.. .
FRESNO, March. 30.— Can lands wholly
or pnrtially rendered useless by alkali be
reclaimed* by a system of drainage? This
Is a question that has been agitating tho
farmers in the colonies southwest of thia
city for several years. Steps have now
been taken to determine whether they
can or not, and a Government expert will
arrive hero on April 1 and work In con
junction with the farmers in conducting
experiments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Emma Nevada left here in 1863 when
only 6 years of age, but in the throng to-
day were pioneer miners' who had held her
In their arms when she was a babe.
Everybody In town and all the. country
over turned out. Miners, cowboys, In
dians and. more conventional people were
all shaken up together and shouted her
welcome. .
Nevada is in the hands of the Native
Daughters to-night. They elaborately
decorated her apartments at the hotel and
the theater is also a bower of beauty.
Visits were made to the old dwellings
where -the singer lived with hep parents
in the early '60's. Fifteen miles above
here, at Alpha, stands the old house
where she was born. It Is now occupied
by' Chinese miners.
Among the places visited to-night was a
remodeled building which was the Bap
tist' church, where Nevada made her
de,but at 'the age of 3 years, when she
sang at a public concert here. . The tiny
singer was placed on a table in the center
of the' platform and w:th the national
standard wrapepd around her she sang
"The Star-Spangled Banner."
It was the fashion in those days to
throw money at the successful artists,
and a rain of gold pieces rattled around
the clever child, who enjoyed the fun of
picking them up. "When her hands could
hold no more she sat down on the stage
and taking oft! her shoe, filled that, too.
' This concert took place while her father.
Dr. Wixom, and she were resting for a
few days prior to making a long and dan
gerous journey across country with an
emigrant wagon train. Two days before
they started the news was received that
a party of emigrants had been attacked
by Indians and that the entire party had
been massacred. , Nothing daunted, how
ever, Dr.. Wixom and his train started out
and arrived at the .destination. Austin,
Nev.,ln safety. • . ¦
To-morrow night the greatest audience
In the history of this city will greet Em
ma Nevada at a concert, when she will
sing old songs for the miners. A big
public reception at the theater will follow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.-
NEVADA CITY, March 30.— Emma Ne
vada, now a world-renowned prlma donna,
arrived In -her native county this after
noon after an absence of forty years. "
Such a- reception as the little diva was
accorded would have done honor to a
President. The depot here and . that at
Grass Valley were thronged with over 3000
people from all parts of the county, all
bustling with pride over, the return of the
singer who left here. a mere child.
Headed- by the Nevada City Band, the
singer,-. In a handsomely decorated car
riage, was driven to the National Hotel,
where a reception was tendered her on the
balcony. Thousands cheered and shook
her hand. -
. • . ¦ . •
SALT LAKE, March 30.— A special , to
the Herald from Rock Springs, Wyo.,
states that further particulars have, been
received of yesterday's battle on the ranga
In the Upper Green River country between
cattlemen and sheepmen.
It now appears that Abe and Roan Hill,
sheepmen, were not killed, as was stated
In the first reports, but were dangerously
wounded and in a critical condition when,
the courier came out late last night.
Eleven hundred of their . sheep were
clubbbed and shot to death. The Hill
brothers shot, but did not kill, two cattle
men whose names have not been learned.
Several sheepherders were severely
beaten by the cattlemen. • -i *.
The cause of the trouble was a dispute
between the cattle and sheep men over
a division of the range. The cattle men
have been fighting for years ta keep sheep
out of the New Fork section of. Uintah
County. No sooner would they get. rid
of one band of sheep than another would
appear. At ls»st dead lines were drawn
about a certain district, wnlch they held
exclusively for cattle, and the sheep men
were warned ' to keep away or take tho
Further Details of the
FightBet ween Sheep
and Cattle Men.
Government Fxpert to
InsDect Conditions
Near Fresno.
Emma Nevada Visits the
Scenes of Her
\ Childhood. .,
Officials.
NEW YORK. March 31.— Albert T. Pat
rick, convicted last week of murder in
the flret degree, for plotting the death, of
Millionaire William Marsh Rice, and now
awaiting the death sentence, and Mrs.
Addle L. Francis have become husband
and wife in the matron's ; room of • the
Tombs, according to the Journal. A pen
etroke did it. despite all measures tauen
to prevent.
The arrangements were so perfectly
made, so secretly planned and So cleverly
executed that not until the marriage was
Irrevocably complete were Patrick's
guards cognizant that it was even in
tended. The fact that Commissioner of
Correction Hynes had declared his oppo
sition to a marriage between the prisoner
and the woman who has been so faithful
to him during his long Incarceration and
the exhausting tension of the long-drawn
out trial, made the Tombs officials more
alert to prevent a marriage in the prison.
The rnarriagre is said to have been ac
complished, however, while the matron
was present. The latter, however, was so
much preoccupied while attending to the
linen and her other duties that she was
unaware what was going on.
the Vigilance of Prison
Weds Mrs. Addle L. Francis Despite
MTJBDEBEB PATRICK .-^./i
MARRIES IN THE TOMBS
MINERS WHOOP
FOR THE DIVA
FOUR MEN SHOT
ON THE RANGE
BOER DELEGATES
LOOK FOR PEACE
SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR
HITCHCOCK is Blatcd for early
retirement from President Roone
vcIi'h Cublnat, and there, is. u
' Hcramble nmong Western men for
the position. It In common gat
¦Ip In WashlnKton that It has been re
peatedly hinted to Secretary Hitchcock
that the President desired his resignation,
but these intimations have been-disre
garded by the head of the Interior . De
partment. Now, It is said, he 'will soon
be told in unequivocal terms that his* re-,
tirement Is desired. President Roosevelt
Is looking over the ground for a successor
to Hitchcock, and when one shall have
been chosen the resignation of the Secre
tary is likely to be announced with little
delay. ,;.;'«'¦•¦ •:,-; • ¦ i •¦
There are no specific charges against
Hitchcock -which would justify This sum
mary removal, but he has proved an uni
popular official and made, many enemies
among Western. statesmen. Of late/Pres
ident Roosevelt has repeatedly called up
cases already passed upon by Secretary
Hitchcock and reversed the latter's rul
ings. It is said that the President ignores
his Cabinet officer , on questions: relating -
to the Interior Department. . ;
The sleeping fUhermen were awakened
by the crash and rushed up the narrow
companionway. All but three of them
managed to reach the deck, Nolan, Smith
and Ford being caught by the rush of
water ana drowned like rats In a trap.
Th« little schooner wan almost cut in
half and sank In less than five minute*.
The survivors took to th« rigging, and In
a half hour were taken off In a small boat
sent to t hi ; rescue by Captain Hirsch, who
Immediately anchored his vessel after tho
culllnlun. It took nearly a half hour for
th« RomsdsJ's crew to locate the wrecked
Bailors In the darkness. The Itomsdal, be
yond the bending of a few plates, was not
damaged.
The flKhlng schooner was owned by Mi
chael Phowlett of Philadelphia, was of
forty-two tons register and was valued at
isooo. •¦
PHILADELPHIA, March 30.— With the
greater part of her crew of eleven men
asleep in their bunks below deck,, the lit
tle fishing: schooner Edna Earl, bound for
the sea, was run into and sunk in Dela
ware Bay, off Reedy* Jsland, late last
night, and three of her crew were drown
ed. The drowned are William Smith and
his father-in-law, Dennis Ford, both of
Philadelphia, and Patrick Nolan of Balti
more.
The vessel that sunk the fisherman was
the Norwegian steamship Homsdal. from
New York to Philadelphia in ballast,
which rescued the surviving members of
the crew and brought them to this city.
To whom the responsibility* for the col
lision is chargeable has not been deter
mined. Both Captain Hirsch of the Homs
dal and Captain Kote of the schooner say
that all their lights were burning and that
they were completely within maritime reg
ulations. • *
Three Men Perish.
Goes Down. . After a : Collision and
FEAR TROUBLE
IN MACEDONIA
Caring for Homeless at Knoxville.
KNOXVILLB, Tenn., March 80.— The
loss by the flood that swept Emory Valley
Saturday may reach nearly, a million dol
lars In Itoane and Morgan counties when
the full story Is known. At Harrlman
the Ions will be between $55,000 and |125.<>00.
At Oakdale the loss Is. not more than
115,000. but It Is on the farms along the
Kmory River where the greatest damajje.
It is feared, has been done. '
The Hooded flection of Harrlman, and
the whole county in which it is situated,
present a devastated appearance. • In
Harrlman the city lighting plant cannot
be operated for a week.
The majority of the homeless are housed
In the gymnasium of the American Tem
perance University.
To-night the Southern was able to send
through its trains to Louisville.
It was predicted at Carthage that the
Cumberland would' go beyond the flood
tide of 1SS2. If such be the case the work
of destruction Is not yet over. There is
no communication with Linden In Perry
County, or with Lynchburg, In Moore
County, but both sections are believed to
be seriously damaged.
The bridge of the Nashville and Knox
vllle Railroad at Lancaster, a 300-foot
«pan, said to have cost $100,000, went down
Saturday night.
From figures available the following
fatalities are given: .
Pulaski (11)— Houston Conner, Sarah
Phillips, John Cole, wlfo and three chil
dren; Slick White, wife and two children;
(all colored).
Lewisburg (3)— Anna Robinson, two
children of Joe McClellan; (all colored).
MurfreeBboro— A colored girl. •; . *
MeMlnnvllle (B)-Mrs. Blevln and three
children, Henry Madowell. . ¦
Harrlman (2)— Unknown.
After a perilous -night In the top of a
tree In the Hermitage district, threo men
were rescued early this morning.
Fear the Worst Is Not Told.
NASHVILLE. March 30.— Reports from
the Hooded districts of Tennessee empha
size the gravity of the situation. The
damage will, it is believed, reach $4,000,000,
while twenty-two lives are known to be
lost. '-¦;'-.
Several counties certain to have suf
fered heavily are yet cut off from commu
nication and the loss in property and life
may go higher than these figures. NeitHer
tho Louisville and Nashville nor the
Kaihville. Chattanooga and St. Louis can
resume traffic before Tuesday. To-day
these roads were enabled to run local
trains only. " ¦<•".
The sectloqpvisfted by the flood em
braces one oi the richest portions of the
State and damage to farm lands is a seri
ous item. It includes counties lying be
tween the mountains on the east and the
Tennessee River on the west and between
the Cumberland River and the Alabama
line. Stone fences that have stood the
storms of forty years were washed away
in many of the well-known riverside
farms of Lincoln County, and crops de
stroyed.
Thousands of logs are reported adrift in
the Upper Cumberland, which stream at
Carthage late this afternoon was 'rising
at the rate of six inches per hour.
ALKALI LANDS
MAY BE USEFUL
"When Secretary Root first assumed
the war portfolio," said a high official to
day, "he determined to fully recognize the
authority of the commanding general. Ho
consulted him about military matters and
gave close attention to the views the Ken
eral presented and the recommendatlonH
he mado. ; General Miles unfortunately
regarded General Corbln as an enemy
and believed the adjutant general In
ftplrtd many orders to which he took ex
ception, though In many cases General
Corbln had no connection with them.'.'.
Governor Taft's letter transmitted the
charges made by the Governor of Taya
phs against the military administration
in : that province. General Chaffee . has
been directed to make an Investigation of
these charges, and the department is con
fident-that 'they will be found • to be
groundless. If this be the case General
Miles' statement will make him liable to
further condemnation.
, CALL. BUREAU, 14Q6G STREET, N.
W., March 30.— General
Miles 'Is .'disappointed ' arid * highly, indig
nant at the comments made by the Secre
tary of War and the President upon the
Philippine papers he submitted. He now
appreciates . it Is useless for him to
try to cultivate 'friendly relations with the
President, and he does not intend to do so.
" Some of General Miles' friends have
suggested b that-' he apply for retirement,
but the General has -repudiated- the sug
gestion-and ; "-wilt-. leaver the. active service
only, when he reaches the age of 64 years,
unless the President should use his power
and summarily place him on the retired
list. -•.¦;.r.i-.-rt.:.\L .';.¦. .-.v- ;,¦¦;; - -.'...¦ "
General Miles -.Will continue to.be the
pilot of. hi3 own future. The administra
tion-has, however, set the buoys for his
course, and if he should run outside of
them '¦¦;¦ he wfll suffer the consequence.
President Roosevelt and Secretary Root
have reached the limits of their patience
with the commanding general.
General Miles is certain,' however, to
suffer further criticism in connection with
his plan for the pacification of the Philip
pines. In his letter to the Secretary of
War General Miles stated that the war
fare In the Philippines had been conduct
ed-with marked severity. This charge
was based, he' declared, upon a letter
from Governor Taft and other official
communications he. had read.
The Cumberland Is Bising at j the
Bate of Six Inches an Hour
I" :• • and Further Damage Is
[^ali^aJiTh^t-It^isiTJseless for Him
r|>^j^cT^^^Oaltiyate} Friendly
delations With Mr.
;v;;; : v Y;^.-'-.:V>;BooBeveltV i-
and Many Rich Farms
Swept Away. ;fT *
Twenty- Two Lives Are Lost
The collision occurred -at .8 o'clock in
the evening in a dense fog at a point
175 miles west of Fastnet. Both vessels
were going slowly at the time. Captain
Benton and Captain Cassinto were on the
bridges of their respective steamers and
a careful lookout was kept. The ap
proaching vessels were not discovered
until it was too late. The Bernard Hall
struck the Holyrood amidships on the
port side and ripped a great hole In the.
latter - steamer, which extended Into her
engine rooms. Boats were quickly low
ered from tooth vessels. The crew of the
HDlj-rood scrambled out of their steamer,
which sunk twenty minutes after being
struck. r
The Holyrood was owned by the Holy
rood Steamship Company, limited (Rae
burn &.Verel, Glasgow). She was of 1735
tons net register. - • \
LONDON, March 30.— ThV : British
steamer Holyrood, Captain Benton, from
Portland. Maine, March 15, for London,
has sunk after colliding on March 27 "with
the Leyland line steamer Bernard Hall,
C&ptain Cassinto, from Liverpool, March
26 for Barbadoes, Trinidad and Galveston,
Texas. The crew of the Holyrood, num
bering twenty-eight men, boarded, the
Bernard. Hall, which has arrived . at
Queenstown with her bows stove in.
Will; Notf Retire; From Army
Unleiis^He ' Is Forced
*--: I* ; :; \-to'-b6.'Sb.
Gloomy Reports From
Submerged Districts
of Tennessee.
General Is Indignant at
I the Course of , the
'/ r President.
Crew Has Barely Time to
Lower Lifeboats and
Escape. . ¦
in a Fog.
Holyrood Is Struck by
the Bernard Hall
FLOOD LOSS
WILL AMOUNT
TO MILLIONS
MILES NOW
IN A MOOD
FOR STRIFE
STEAMER SINKS
AFTER COLLISION
Unpopular- Cabinet Official Will Be Asked
to Retire as Soon as President Roosevelt
Shall- Have Decided Upon' His Successor
HITCHCOCK'S DAYS AS SECRETARY
OF THE INTERIOR ARE NUMBERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 1 MONDAY; MARGH 31, 1902.
2
FISHING SCHOONER SINKS.
JOHN J. FULTON CO.,
It often causes headache and dizzi-
ness, impairs the taste, smell and hear-
ing, and affects the voice, / . ¦
Being a constitutional disease it re-
quires a constitutional remedy.*
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Radically and permanently cures, ca-
tarrh of the nose, throat, stomach,
bowels and more delicate organs, and
• builds up the whole system.
No substitute (or Hood's acts like
Hood's. «Be sure to get Hood's.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
miaest. C. I. HOOD CO.. I»wcll. Maa
Tfcls signature is oa every box of the gennine
Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieu
th * rcciedy lh&t curec a cold £a one day.
_^^^ AH VEBTIEJEJCElf TS.
Catarrh
Invites Consumption
It weakens the delicate luns tissues,
deranges the digestive organs, . atid
breaks down the general health.
It was at this*, critical, moment his sister
heard of the Fulton Compound and. put him
on It. In a week there was hope. The second
week the Improvement continued and the sight
was returning, and five weeks thereafter' he"
called at qur of Bee and reported In person, and
he Is now about almost dally and can be seen
in evidence of the above, although It will be
many months before he Is perfectly well.
We announce to the world that' the Fulton
Compounds are positively curing Bright's Dis-
ease and Diabetes. The* books say they, are In-
curable, but 87 per cent are positively curable.
Lesser Wdney complaints offer ' but little re-
sistance. Price. ?1 for the Bright's , Disease
and $1 50 for the Diabetic Compound. Send
for descriptive pamphlet. John J. Fulton Co..
420 Montgomery " street, San Francisco, sole
compounders. • <»
-. .-¦ •' -
We last week recorded In these columns th»
recovery of a young man from Vallejo who waa
sent home from one' of our leading; city hospi-
tals to die with Diabetes. We are this week
privileged to announce a similar case."; "
. The name is Mr. Sidney Hopcroft. Ho 'Is a
vocalist of note. He resides at 819 Hyda
street and Is a member of St. Ignatius choir.
He shrinks from publicity, but we explained to
him how difficult it Is to convince people that
Brlght's Disease and Diabetes are really cura-
ble, and he finally gave us permission to de-
tail the facts, which are as follows:"
He had been suffering: with Bright" m. Disease
for nearly a year. . Was finally sent to one of
the large city hospitals. Ills condition grew
gradually worse till a few month* ago. when
he was sent home to die. He continued to
sink, was swollen with the dropsy, was nearly
blind and almost In a state of coma, the con-
dition finally being so serious that - hla slst or
was prepared by the physicians for the wont./
and tjie last rites of the church were advised
and were administered. . v ,;;
Curable.
Bright'5 Disease and Dia-
betes Are Positively.. .
Hospital
Said Fatal
ii -..:: ; ¦ ; / , -\ - j ¦£ !
il - - - - - - - , - ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦-¦-.¦ i
i I ' .¦¦_«-_ - ! i
I I ~ ¦ ;.. . , 'I
I i Show Little Evidence of Real Disease— They Have
I 1 Simply Been Overworked and are Tired, |
i j * Fagged, Played-Oui, Exhausted
j
i i . Dont try to whip them to greater exertion thing that has reached my ailment 1 * "*¦""
S with stimulants, condiments and' spices. From Mrs. Del. Xldred, Sun Prairie, "Wla*
S Such treatment will only leave them worse\ "I was taken dizzy very suddenly during the
A In the end. hot weather of the pass summer. After ten
(i Tho proper treatment Is something to help days of constant dizziness I went to our local
I digest the food and glre the stomach needed physician, who said my liver was torpid and
I rest and at the same time tone up and ener- I had over heated my blood ; he doctored me
l glze the exhausted organ. ! for two weeks without much Improvement; I
» There Is one remedy that will do this. It finally thought of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
I Is convenient, safe, cheap, reliable and satis- (which I had used long before for various ,
» factory, Once used, the dyspeptic is Its ad- bad feelings). and tho first threo tablets ,
i vocata and friend. It can be bought at any helped me.
i drug store for fifty cents a box; call for They are easily the best all around family ,
i Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets and you have It. medlclno I ever used." . ,
i Mrs. G. II. Crotsley,esa Washington St., Mr. N. J. Booher, Chicago, 111., writes: ,
i Hoboken, New Jersey, writes: "Stuart's Dys- "Catarrh Is a local condition resulting from ,
i pepsla Tablets Just nil the bill for children a neglected cold la the head, whereby the ,
i as well as for older folks. I've had the best lining membrane ot the nose becomes Inilam- ,
i of luck with them. My three-year-old girl ed and the poisonous discharge therefrom i
i takes them as readily as candy. 1 have only passing backward Into the throat reaches <
to say 'tablets' and. she drops everything the stomach, thus producing catarrh of tne ,
else and runs for them." stomach. Medical authorities prescribed for <
Miss Leila Hlvely, 4677 Plummcr St., Pitts- me for three years for catarrh of stomach <
burg. Pa., writes: "I wish everyone to know without cure, out today I am tho happiest of <
how grateful I am for Stuart s Dyspepsia men after uslnc only one box of Stuart's <
Tablets. I suffered for a long time and did Dyspepsia Tablets. ' I cannot find approprl- i
not know what ailed mo. I lost fieih right ate words to express my good feeling. I <
along until one day I noticed an adr^rtise- have found fieih, appetite and sound rest <
mont ot these tablets ¦ and . Immediately from their use." t
bought a 50 cent box at the d rug stor*. I am Bend a postal card or letter ta tho F. A. i ,
only on tho second box and am gaining la Stuart Co.. Marshall Mica., for their free •
flesh and oolor. I hare at last found sumo- boon on dyspepsia. (
¦•MQfiaQMM0ftttaBMQ»a0tMMtM0M0gtQtHicaMi
¦ ' i - i i. iii -.;¦¦¦ "»¦¦ ¦- ' - ¦> i .y , (|ll ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.DEMOCRATIC LEADER WHO
WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO
THE SENATE. - •
General Chaffee will leave. Manila on
April 10 on a tour of inspection to the
island of Samar. He will visit every port
in the island and will witness the sur
render 'there on April 15 of the insurgent
General Guevarra. After this surrender
the American garrisons In Sarmar will be
largely reduced.
The United States Philippine Commission
fixed the rate for exchange for silver, for
the second quarter of this year, at $2 27
Mexican silver for one gold dollar. The
rate of exchange yesterday at the b?nks
was $2 23 Mexican for one dollar gold,
but " the banks refused to sell gold In
large quantities, not having sufficient coin
to do so. The. banks have notified the
quartermaster's 3 department that it is
impossible for them to cash quarter
master checks.
The scarcity of American gold 13 at-
Uibuted partly to the banks and largely
MANILA, March 30.— Rufino, who spent
$30,000 In* his efforts to incite rebellion £n
tho province of Misamis, islana of Min
danao, now declares he is tired of re
bellion and has offered to surrender, with
75 rifles, to the native constabulary.
Mindanao Insure a b Is
Ready to Lay Down
His Arms. ;
RUFINO WEARY
OF REBELLION
Fire in ; Business Section of Hoople.
> GRAND FORKS, N. D., March "30.— Fire
to-day -destroyrd the 1 greater, portion' of
the .business -section ;; of : Hoople, ., N. '• D.
Lobs, $50,000. "&^&$!}iWtmto&tJaaaimaR
I VISALIA, March 30.'— Visalla Parlor,-Na
tive -. Son« of \ the Golden* West, • elected
Nate iLcvy.and John O. Thomas delegates
to tho grand parlor.'which meets at Santa
Cruz next; montb."MHffin«|HmnBMilSEM
Visolia Native Sons Selected.
Copper Mining Company Incorporates
BAKERSFIEL.D," March 30.— Articles of
incorporation have been filed in the Coun
ty Clerk's. office here by. the'MoJave Cop«
per Mining Company/ with a capital stock
of 4200,000. - Bakersfleld- is the nrlnciftal
place of, business. The directors are E
•w. Craven, Seattle;. Charles .T.<Tryon' C*
A: - Barlow, J. ::¦ E. - Austin. : George P Mc-
Millan, R. H. Handy, F. p. Roy A \V
McCray, Bakerefleld: jAV. ; Scott. Omaha'-
Frank ; Carmen. , San Francisco: "S." N
Palmer.' Oakland. ', r
¦ LAMONI, Iowa, March 30.— The world's
conference , of : the reorganized Church ' of
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, which
convenes, at; Lamoni, April 6, promises to
be one of -the largest —fratherings, the
church ever held. r Among the ministers
and delegates already arrived are all the
members of the - . quorum of twelve
apost'r.-.' of whom Gomer . T. -Griffiths
comes -irom ; England, R. C. Evans « from
the Canada mission and Joseph Luff from
California.".
World's Conference of New Mormons:
SALT LAKE. UtaJj. . March 30.— The
naked boVly of Samuel Collins, with the
throat cut from ear to ear, was found by
a number of boys In a' small cave in the
hills north of this city shortly after noon
to-day.** The police say it Is a case of sui
cide; others believe that Collins was mur
dered and his, body thrown into the cave,
the . entrance, of which ..was partly closed
by a number of rocks. The, ground with
in! the cave and immediately outside was
covered-wlth blood. With the exception
of his shoes, stockings, and suspenders.
none of the man's clothing has" .been
found. • v , ¦ . , >
Collins had been well educated and at
one time was quite wealthy, but. is said
to have lost a fortune in stock speculation
in New York and San Francisco.- He was
about 65 years of age and has a. brother
in New York. ' : • .
of This City.
Collins, a Former '.Resident
Mystery Surrounds Death of. Samuel
FOUND, DEAD IN A CAVE
? i WITH HIS THBOAT CUT
FORT LEAVENWORTH. Kan!, March
30.— Warden McClaughey of the Federal
prison has been served with writs in the
habeas corpus cases of Ex-Captain
Michael J. Spellman and Ex-L»Ieutenant
Jones, commanding him to appear in the
United States District Court with the ex?
officers named on Monday morning to
show why they should not be released
from priton. Spellman and Jones arrived
recently from Manila, under sentence pro
nounced by a. court-martial for complic
ity in the commissary frauds in the Phil
ippines. They were volunteer officers and
base their argument for release upon the
ground that the members of the court
marlial .were regular officers.
Disgraced Officers Seek Freedom.
There were about 2000 people at the
matinee and the performance of "Sag
Harbor" by the Pike stock company,
with Miss Collier and Byron Douglass in
the leading roles, had proceeded only ten
minutes when the portieres between the
corridors and the north aisle were seen
to be ablaze. The fire started from some
unknown cause in ¦ the basement store
room of the Adams Express' Company
and extended up to the first floors, prac
tically under the auditorium, which is on
the second floor. A great volume of
smoke indicated there was a volcano
under the auditorium, but the theater
staff and the stage folk succeeded in re
assuring the people and all were got
out safely. . ¦. . .
When the people reached the street they
found the whole. fire department of the
city playing on both sides of the building
and it required some time for the officers
to force ¦ the . crowd , away. Many were
hunting for missing friends and it was
difficult to convince ... the half-crazed
anxious ones that there had not been a
holocaust. . A great portion of the women
fled without their new Easter hats and
the individual losses will be considerable.
The only thing burned in the theater was
a portiere, but- the auditorium was badly
damaged from water and it • will not be
used again this season. The Pike stock
company was playing Its closing week. of
the season and had previously transferred
its scenery for next. week at Detroit from
the building. Manager "Hunt, however
lost $10,000 In scenery that was stored In
the lower part of the building. . The mem
bers of.- the company saved all their cos
tumes and 1 baggage. " • . .;¦
CINCINNATI. March i SO.-The Pike
building on Fourth street between Vine
and Walnut streets. In which the Pike
Opera-house is located, was partially de
stroyed by fire this afternoon. Standing
room had been taken at, the matinee,
which was proceeding when the flames
broke out. The audience retired In good
order, but some women fainted after'
reaching the street.
The House during the coming week will
be largely occupied by the sundry civil
appropriation bill, which will be called
up to-morrow. Such time as remains will
be devoted to the consideration of the
Senate bill to promote the efficiency of
the revenue cutter service and the Chi
nese exclusion bill, both of which are on
special orders, but they do not 'interfere
with revenue Or appropriation bills'. It is
the intention of the leaders riot to bring
forward -the Cuban reciprocity bill untll^
next week. ¦¦¦', • - •: ¦
The Philippine government /bill will be
reported probably to-morrow, but its
consideration by the Senate will neces
sarily be postponed for some weeks. ".<¦•
I There are still several speeches, to be
made on the oleomargarine bill, but it is
the general understanding that the dis
cussion will be concluded during the first
half of the week, if not by^Tuesday, In
time to. allow a vote on that date. It is
expected that the Indian^ appropriation
and the rivers and harbors bill will be re
ported during the week. Both are sub
ject to immediate consideration, even, to
the extent of displacing other bills, . but
it Is not believed that either of them will
be used to deprive the | Chinese bill of Its
chance for consideration.
WASHINGTON; March 3O.-The friends
of the oleomargarine bill hope to obtain
a vote upon that measure upon Tuesday
of the present week, and. as soon as it
ehall have been disposed of the Chinese
exclusion bill will be called.'. According
to the present understanding, Senator
Mitchell of Oregon, who was largely in
strumental In framing the exclusion bill,
will make the first presentation of its
merits to the Senate. He will be followed
by 'other supporters of; the bill' and it is
the hope of Senator Penrose, who has
charge of the measure, that the Senate
will be able to conclude Its consideration
within ten days after it is taken up. There
is no pronounced opposition to the bill as
a whole, but an effort will be made to
amend it in some particulars.
¦ ¦ v ¦¦¦>¦••¦ i ¦¦ '
Flames BreaS: Out During
Matinee Performance
¦ • at Cincinnati.
Senate Will Take Up
Exclusion Measure
This "Week.
WASHINGTON. March SO.-James R.
Garfleld, son of the late President Gar
field, has accepted the position of Civil
Service Commissioner tendered him about
ten days ago by President Roosevelt.
He takes the place to be vacated on tho
first of April by William A. Rodenberg.
Garfleld is a comparatively young man
and Is engaged In the practice of law
with his brother. Harry A. Garfield, in
Cleveland. He is a notable figure in
Ohio political circles and has served as
State Senator from his district. He was
author of the law known as the Garfield
election law of Ohio, which required all
nominees for elective offices to file with
the Secretary of State a sworn statement
of the expenses incurred by them dur
1ns the campaign. The law, however,
was subsequently repealed. Garflelrt Is
a resident of Mentor, a suberb of Cleve
land.
Garfield Accepts the Position.
FIRE STARTLES
THEATER GOERS
MADRID, • March 30.— The treaty of
fr«.«lshlp between the United States and
Spain will be "signed as. soon as Bellamy
Storer. the United States Minister, re
turns to Madrid. Mr. Storer is at present
In the United States.
Treaty Soon to Be Signed.
turns tend to show that Jones has lost
Howard and Nevada .Counties, adjoining
his home county, Ia.fpveral of the largo
counties the vote is so close the official
; count is awaited.-. .
Governor Davis •' probably . has carried
two-thirds, of the counties against Cole
TV. Rector for the gubernatorial nomina
tion.
GUTHRIE. Okla..; March 30.— Guthrie
was visited to-day by a $350,000 fire and as
a result -the State capital printing
plant, .the Hotel Capital, the St. James
Hotel,, the Cammack livery barns and the
Rlchey general merchandise store are in
ruins. ¦ ' .......
Heavy Los3 by Fire at Guthrie.
Before the shootlnp the couple .were
seen seated on a park bench. A police
man saw the man place the revolver to
the woman's head. She made no resist
ance and from this fact it is the theory
of the police that the murder and suicide
had been planned by the two.
NEW YORK, March 30.— Corlears Park
was the scene of a double tragedy last
night, when Ida Klobeck, a dressmaker
of this city, probably 25 years old, was
6hot and killed by Slgmund Blanc, a
clgarmaker of 20', formerly of Philadel
phia, who then turned the revolver on
himself. They had known each other in
Poland, where he had courted her. Blanc
continued his attentions -after they ar
rived In this country and last week she
told her parents he wanted to marry her
and had said he was making $18 a week.
Ida said she did not believe -it and last
week asked him to bring his pay envelope
to her Saturday night, saying she would
consent to marry him if it contained that
amount. Blanc's shopmates said he
worked extra hard last week, but did not
make more than $9. He and the girl went
walking last evening. It Is believed that
when they reached Corlears,, Park. Blanc_
In" despair at not being able to showthar
he had been able to comply with the
terms she insisted on, killed her and then'
himself.
SHOOTS WOMAN HE LOVED
AND THEN KILLS HIMSELF
Police Believe That the Murder and
" Suicide Was Planned by • "
. the Couple.
NEAR TO ACTION
ON CHINESE BILL
At Senator Jones' headquarters it is said
that he is satisfied with the reDorts re
ceived to-day. Instead of conceding his
defeat, as has been widely circulated, he
feels that the situation has materially Im
proved. His representatives announce
that they have received definite informa
tion from forty-three counties, twenty
seven of which have been carried by him.
Of the remaining" number they expect
Senator Jones to .carry at least twenty,
Insuring* him between eighty-five and
ninety votes on joint ballot, sixty-seven
being necessary for a choice. •.
<At Clarke's headquarters, lt:.is; declared
that the contest Is settled in . Clarke's
favor, the only question being as -to' the
size of the majority. There are about ten
counties which cannot be heard from yet,
owing to no wire connection.- Partial re-
Senator Jones will not concede Clarke's
victory. He left this afternoon for -his
home in Hempstead County, but his head
quarters here remain open.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., March 30.—
The latest returns from -yester
day's primaries for United States
Senator indicates that ex-Gov
ernor Clarke has undoubtedly de
feated Senator James K. Jones. However,
Clarke's majority on joint ballot probably
will not exceed twelve'. . . . '
BERLIN. March 30.— The Boerse wore a
holiday aspect during the past week, and
there were few transactions, . but quota
tions were mostly well . maintained. The
market builds great hopes upon the suc
cess of the outcome of the peace nego
tiations in South Africa and yesterday's
strong Kaffir market in Paris reacted fav
orably here. . Irons .were from 1 to 8
points higher. Coal shares were'like
wise several . points up, notwithstanding
the fact that trouble is brewing between
the coal syndicate and several- members
of that organization which threatens the
partial dissolution of the syndicate and
that coal operatives will be discharged.
The cheerfulness over the South Afri
can situation resulted, . however, in sub
stantial advances In home rails, consols
and Kaffirs. The general situation of the
South African section was little affected
by the death of Cecil Rhodes. Americans
were quiet but cheerful. Money remains
scarce, thus discouraging speculation, but
the large Government disbursements at
the end of this week promise temporary
relief. Consequently, there Is a prospect
of a considerable broadening of tne mar
ket after Eaa»r.
It is believed fhat the Chancellor of the
Exchequer will avail himseif of that sit
uation to submit a new loan, which, as
suming that the war continue, cannot be
less than £50,000,000. It is also quite cer
tain, unless the peace negotiations be suc
cessful, which few people dare hope, that
the Chancellor must fix the price of Issue
for the new loan at a much lower rate
than that of previous loans.
LONDON, March 30.— The knowledge
that the Easter holidays would close the
London Stock Exchange for • four days
from last Thursday had a sober effect on
what doubtless would have' been a. de-,
cided outburst of activity when the unex
pected resumption of' peace negotiations
was announced last week. As a result of
this condition the enthusiasm with which
the news from South Africa was received
spent itself in two days and' the re
mainder of .the week was given to ad-
Justing accounts against possible con
tingencies before the reopening of the Ex.
change on April 2.
March ,30.— The Navy
Department has had under consideration
for several weeks cast the .cases of two
Chinese and a Japanesef enlisted in the
navy and charged with infractions of the
naval regulations. It was recommended
that they be tried. by a naval court-mar
tial, but the question was raised as to
whether these aliens could properly be
tried by the United -States Naval Court.
While the law officers of the department
are firmly . of the opinion that the Orien
tals placed themselves subject to the laws
of .the navy, when they eniisted In that
branch of the Government service, they
find that they -can dispose of their case3
in another way— by an old naval statute,
which provides for the discharge of per
sons undesirable for retention in the naval
service. The discharge of the Orientals
under this statute will not admit of their
.re-enlistment in the service, and the ac
tion of the department is intended to dis
courage the enlistment of foreigners in
the United States navy service.
From the Service Instead of
Court-Martialed.
Disobedient Orientals to Be Dismissed
"CHICAGO. March SO.— The Attorney
General of the United States will be
called upon ; to determine 'whether club
women can make discriminations on race,
color.' or previous condition of servitude.
A committee of j Chicago club women was
appointed to-day to ask "Attorney General
Knox about the constitutionality of what
the' general federation proposes to do at
Los Angeles. This, committee represents
l*thfc-mosi Influential ciubs In Chicago.
'-Within, the last year the Congress of the
United States haS" granted the general fed
eration of clubs bpecial « corporation pa
pere...This charter provides for the or
ganization of women's .clubs engaged in
philanthropic, 4 educational or charitable
work; or in literary, art or music culture.
There are specific provisions against po
litical and religious .discriminations. The
question liow arises whether the | clubs
are bound to observe, the constitutional
provisions in regard to race, color and
previous condition of servitude.
i Mrs. R. A. Cole of Milwaukee, who pro
posed the . letter "to . Attorney General
Knox, is of the opinion that his answer
will throw the, whole color question out
of consideration at the Los Angeles meet
ing. •¦The 'federation proposes to reorgan
ize, she says.and in dong so must remem
ber, that it will have to consult Congress,
which granted the charter in the present
form. .; That will be at once the question,
she believes, whether ': Congress would
have the right under. the constitution to
authorize another-federatlon which should
recognize race and color, y
NAVY DEPARTMENT ; SOLVES
*A. TROUBLESOME QUESTION
Clubs Are Undecided' as to
Whether a Line Can
&> : ';v Be Drawn. •
Renewal of Peace Negotia
tions WitH Boers Steadies
the Market.
They Will Ask Attorney
General Knox for an
Opinion.
to Chinese speculators, who always buy
American gold at a quotation two points
higher than the bank rate. This action
of the commission, in making the Gov
ernment rate higher than the bank rate
of exchange, has created much discontent
among importers. They are unable to
obtain sufficient gold to pay import
duties.* and, consequently, must pay thesa
duties in silver at the Government rate of
$3 27.
The employes of the Civil Government
are elated at the new rate of exchange,
as it means a considerable, increase in
their salary. It is the intention of* tha
commission to endeavor to retain the gold
in the archipelago. The bankers of
Manila say that the monetary situation
in the Philippines cannot be helped by
Governmental action and that a reaction
as Important commercially as the Philip
pine archipelago must affect the world's
markets. . '
Senor Valdez. the editor of a local
paper, who has been sued for lib«l by
two of the Filipino members of the
United States Philippine .Commission,
will subpena Aguinaldo to appear in
court and testify. General Chaffee's per
mission to this step has been obtained.
During the last three days there has
been ten new cases of cholera here and
four deaths from the disease.
Engagement Follows Short Courtship.
NEW YORK, March 30.— J. E. Oglesby,
son of the late Richard J. Oglesby,. once
Governor of Illinois, arrived to-day on
the liner St. Paul. When he stepped
ashore he announced his engagement to
Miss Ida Rogers, daughter of Thomas
Rogers of thl3 city. The two were Intro
duced to each other when the steamer
was two days out from Southampton and
the engagement followed on the fourth
day. It was formally announced at a
dinner given aboard ship Saturday night
by Mrs. George A. "Wheelock. The wed
ding will take place, It Is said, within a
month.
Exchange.
Substantial Advances in
Kaffirs on London
BETTER OUTLOOK
FOR THE STOCKS
Latest Returns in Arkansas Indicate -That
EX-Governor Clarke Will Have Majority
Not Exceeding Twelve on Joint Ballot
SENATOR JONES IS UNDOUBTEDLY
DEFEATED IN THE PRIMARIES
COLOR QUESTION
PUZZLES WOMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1902.
3
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
211 Montgomery St., S. F.
Tel Main 87.
WYCKOFF,SEAMANS&BENEDICT
Good work end
prompt service
guaranteed by
our superior fa-
cllltletand nat-
ural interest In
the reputation of our machine. • .
Remington
rypewriters
ON RENTAL
* ¦% Per month
*•' and up. |
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
u n c q u a 1 c d ser-
vice and modern
conveniences are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists and travel-'
ers who visit San
Francisco.
*TI VOL I*
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
PCNT FAIL TO SEE IT.
THIS 'WEEK THE LAST OF
Tbe Famous Musical success,
THE
Serenade!
MONDAT. APRIL 7.
"The Fortune Teller."
POPtTLAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush ¦ 9.
£*ftl 5 1 TIM ES I A m fmccts
W i£ hm fj fi¥S O 1 £4 IEAC1SG THEATPi
Powell Street, near Market.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK!
LAST 7 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
nr u r* liebler & co/s
[ rlC, IMMENSE PRODUCTION,
*¦**-*' Hall Caine's Great Play,
CHRISTIAN.
EDWARD mORGAN
As John Storm (his original role).
NEXT MONDAY
E. S. WiLLARD ia "TilB CARDINAL."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
NOVELTIES~GALORE!
Mr and Mrs. Sidney Drew; Homer
Lind and Company; Fred Stuber;
Papinta; Frank Lincoln; Simon,
Gardner and Company; The Melani
Trio; Gorman and Eeppler, and the
Bicgraph.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Opera j
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. !
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and EVERY EVG THIS WEEK.
THIRD WEEK of Our f 1000 Star.
MELBOURNE MACD0WELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardou'B Grandest Spectacular Play,
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
Introducing; Ferocious Lions In the Hippodrome
Scene.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 25c.
KEXT WEEK— "GISMONDA."
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
/\I_. G. FIELD'
GREATER MINSTRELS.
50— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— 50
STREET? ° PEX AIR
PARADE. ' CONCERTS
DAILY 11 A. M. NIGHTLY. ,
Next— SUNDAY NIGHT. April 6.
WILLIAMS & WALKER
And Their Gilt-Edged Company,
travesty on "Antony and Cleopatra" goes
Fol lowing Comes the Favorites Mr. JAMES
NEILL AND COMPANY, Presenting Proadway
Ccccsses. #
BEiASCOAMoTHJUASjfefftg
iT t vtontcaruMu
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production — the Great Comedy- ;
Drama, the
SLEEPING
" Beautiful Scenery,
1.1 |! IT Startling Effects.
-^ <*• • Wholesome Comedy. .
pDirtC Evenings 10c to 60c
lAltU Matlnfff 10c, 13c, 25o :
iCert Week— "The I^end cf the Living."
BelaEco & Than, Manegere.
TO-NIQHT AND ALL WEEK,
Martha Morton's Successful Comedy,
"BROTHER JOHN"
A Charming Play ICe-w to This City.
Surpassing Alcazar Stock Cast.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
Seals on eale six days in advance.
Next — Extraordinary Double Bill, "MME.
BUTTERFLY." and "THE GREAT UN-
KNOWN."
| FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Karrell. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
GO WHERE _THE_CR0WD- GOES.
pJTTLJT^CHRISTQPHER 1
mencing to-night with new features of every
kind.
Saturday and Sunday matinee* an< i those
popular prices. Night. 25c and 50c; matinee
anywhere. 25c; children at matinees only 10c
Did you get en to our great sensation? It's
coming next Monday night, and eeats are on
i sale Thursday.
TiE rAKODS WEBER A5D TIELDIS PUYS
With Such a Tremendous Cast. '
Walt until you hear the earthquake
"FIDDLE DEE DEE" Is the bill, and the
travesty on "Anthony and Cleopatra" .m^a ¦
with it o^^» .
SUfll^ RACING
*="agr. m. •^ r igp*y Ev e ry Week Day—
W r Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. tharp.
Ferry boat leaves San Francisco at i2 m and
12.30. I. 1.30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.; connecun^
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Laft two cars on train reserved tor
ladies and their escort*; no smoking. Buy your
xerry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains v,a
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. A If o all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Uroadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and <"*S P- m. and Immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS II. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and M*r.
;U«.X HBINRICH,
BASSO AND PIANIST.
JULIA MlilNP.iCH,
CONTRALTO.
' SHERMAN-CLAY HALL. :
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Richard Strauss" "Enoch Arden" > and Son*
Recital.
Thursday ni£ht and Saturday Afternoon
Eons Recital*.
Reserved Seats. 7^. fl, $1 60, at Sherman,
Clay &. Co.'a Music Store.
hoMk
yCQ009©®©00eCK)0^0ig©0©30CQSS99©00©30Q096«©00©S0QS£50©e«000a0C3»©0i;0OO
I TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. ]
8 Every person contracting to take the "CALL" for six (6) mmths can secure a 5
% $15.00 Set of ©
1 "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE" j
* Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15- S
An invaluable addition to every library! S
I _ An ornament to any drawing /room! S
8 A source of instruction and entertainment for old and young, • S
e yielding'the delights of travel without its inconveniences. . S
I THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. j
3 AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. S
I MAJGR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, I
% ¦'"¦'*;• ; UNITED STATES ARMY. • %
•2"^^ "• ; With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by •
I Jose ;de qlivares, I
X *M^- ' * : • -^ e otc^ Author and War Correspondent * jf
1 \ Author of "The Trocha TeleKraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian Q
» EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE 2
J5 1 ..-.PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY 3 ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII 2
«?:' I ;i:S : : / ;y;AND::THEvPHILIPPINES; v ALSO!THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- *
« ". :¦•¦¦.:.:¦¦ TIONS. HOMES OF THE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- f>
O ; PEARANCE. WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, €*
2 "RIVERS. VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS. SO COM- O
J» .PLETE AS l TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- J*
JJ .V. ANDS AND. THEIR PEOPLE 1 TO THE g
'J With. a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor. •
]5 . Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with condition* as *•
,9 they now exist. BSSjSffi"^'' ¦; 4ft
• '• ¦ ¦ •• ' . ¦ . ¦ •¦ - : ~~ ' ~ ' "; ft
9 ¦¦' . ¦ ' ' Edited and arranged by * q
5 w:m. s. bryan g
• '.': Author of. "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu- Q
• . manity," Etc.. Etc. O
5' -: PHOTOGRAPHS BY x 2^
8 WALTER B. TOWNSEND, ffiEOW. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. *>
® H^BBBEB complete in two quarto volumes.- 11
J REGULAR PRICE $i's.oo PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. g
• Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Map*.' q
"It. cleaned my head of dandruff and
stopped my hair from falling .out. It is
the best remedy for dandruff I ever used,
and J have used a great many."
R. S. Coleman. Ann. Arbor, Mich., says:
"I have used . two bottles of Herpicide
arid derived benefit therefrom." '
Herpicide Is Used to Cure Dandruff.
E; H. Lyons, New York, N. Y., says:
"I am very fond of Herpiqide and enjoy
using it. , It is refreshing." p
Dr. J. H. Bush. Toledo. Ohio, writes:
"Newbro's Herpicide has given better
satisfaction ll-an anything I have ever
used."
Mrs. Borkey of Chadron, Nebr., says of
Herpicide: V;~ ;
IN AIX WALES OF I^IFE.
222-224 S UTTER ST.
EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTION SALE.
For this WHole Weeh we
Offer Our Entire Lines of
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS AND KITCHEN UTENSILS
Atthe.Enorinous Reduction of 23 per cent.
• The amalgamation of our bu«lne*s with that of Ooldberi. Cowen & Co..
within the next two or three months necessitates the redaction of oar im-
mense stock of the above lines. Everything In thc*«» rieoartmenl's marked
down one-quarter. Every article guaranteed, and exchanged if not satisfactory
The sale in- Bathr,oom - fix- Oil cloth, shelf and ice cream
eludes: tures and wire andtable, molds, *
Genuine agate, goods, ¦ plain and in Scales & coffee
White and blue Refrigerators col( > r s, mills,'
enamel ware, „„ j FrpP7pr<; Dusters, Gas torches
Tin, wooden brooms and and tapers,
& Hardware, Baskets, ham- whisk brooms, Carving sets,
Chafing dishes, persofendless Floor, ceiling; Kitchen and
Five-O'Clock styles and wall and table cutlery,
Teas, sizes ' brushes, Door mats,
Nickel-p lated Sad irons, Hair and tooth Pails, galvaniz-
tea and coffee clothes lines, brushes, e d wood and
pots, .' Clothes' wring- Chamois Skins fiber,
Trays in nickel, ers, Wash and Sponges, Andmany other
japanned, etc. Jelly, pudding useful articles
Grocery Specials
Butter choicest Humboldt Creamery, Regular 45c square 35c.
O.K.. WHisKey a 10 year blend, the old reliable
Regular $1.00 bottle, 75c , 3 btls: $2.00
• Regular 4.00 Gal. $3.00
Rice fancy, Regular 8 lbs. 50c. - - - 11 lbs. 50c:
Our next week's sale will be of equal importance in other lines.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJttTJSEMENTS.Cardinal Ciasca" s recent death in Roma
makes a totaV of 136 members of the
¦ Sacred 'College, to die since Leo XIII be
gan his reign.' It now consists of thirty
nine Italians and twenty-six of other na
tions, with five vacancies. >
¦ \ I BY)^ V - r-fT 1 ? 3311 smith; c. s.
J \i? P- '', I the ' superior of the i Paulist ] cbn« .
fraternity^ on the Pacific, Coast,. was
t-^the .celebrant of the ¦ high * mass ,dt"
old St.» MaryfS' Church '.; yesterday ;morn
lng^f, Never has; the churdhi been' more r"a-*
diarit in Its^wealth of blossoms and golden
'candelabra than it was yesterday/ and thq
marble : altars ; shone . with ¦¦ the ; radiance of
,the-' flickering Ulghts.^ ¦ y. ' :¦' ¦¦-. -," , .; »'.:-, ;.-.;
;"¦/ R6v.' Father Hopper ".was the • deacon of
the .' maes ¦ and •, Rev. Father ¦ McNicoIl | was
! subdeacon. U' Rev.' Father * Moran ' preadied
the sermon and dwelt upon the lessons 5 n-
PAUlIISTS PREACH
: : TO LARGE CROWDS
"The main and side altars were beautiful
ly, decorated,. Easter lilies In profusion be
ing the main adornment. -The fegular male
choir, under the leadership of Rev; Father.
A.- Coltelli, - S." J. , sang Fauconnier's Easter
Mass,' the >- organist ' , being Professor
Maurice O'Connell.^The quartet was com
posed - of :" James • Lane . first tenor,' , C. : N.
Ililibcrt \second f tenor, T.' Shalkhanner •
*X« HE-; Easter . services "at " St. Ignatius
* I :,' yesterday..were^ particularly
: *. elaborate and impressive. The ,prin
•: • . ' cipal' ceremonies :'oi the, day;* took
place ¦'.: at.'-', the . solemn * high j mass Vat
10 :30 In 1 the ¦ morning, | the celebrant I being
the Rev. ; Father J. P. -Frleden, S. . J,. Rev.<
Father. &eorge ; Butler;: 8. J.; was the dea
con,Vand Brother : Henry . Fleurenes,'; S. J.',
the stibrdeacon. ¦ Thirty "acolytes /assisted
at' the v mass, and Were 'directed '.by Rev.
Father; Culligan, S;, J.i as master of cere
moniea. , > . J ¦ •'.¦ - ; ;: -. :¦'. •.•>.?
not a vacant seat In the vast, edifice. The
service wa» conducted by Golden Gate
Commander, : No. 16, Knights Templars.
Representing ' the commandery were . Sir.
H. D. Loveiand, commander, and Sir 1?.~
D. Code, prelate,. Rev. G. C. Adams repre
sented the church, and Sir - Samuel D. i
Mayer presided at the organ.
As the JSIr Knights entered the sacred
. edifice the organ .welled forth the bsautl
ful strains of Wagrner's "Pilgrim Chorus'*
and then the vast congregation joined In *
one mighty voice in the stirring hymn, by '.
Eullivan, "Onward, Christian Soldiers.",/
v- The theme of; the sermon delivered by
Dr. Adams was. "Why eeek ye 'the 'living
' among' the dead?" In the course of his
"remarks the lecturer spoke of the ' un
selfishness of the missionaries who went
abroad to spread and to teach the gospel
T»KE First Congregational at
Post and Mason street3 .was. so
largely a* tended last" night " that
when the service began" there was
KNIGHTS TEMPLARS
: CONDUCT SERVICE
a congregation- that filled that edi
fice. ; Crowds of people stood upon the
step3 of the church, -v • . .
> In. the interior of the church there was
a great blaie of color. Every device, that
art qould: suggest to lend brilliancy.: was
made use of by the ladies. The altar was
radiant in the glow of light 8hed from
myriads of candles. Easter lillies and tha
fleur de lis of Franc* ¦ rivaled each other
in the glory of their colors. .
Very Rev. Alexander Hamet, S. M.,-"was
the celebrant of the solemn high mass at
10:30 o'clock. Ho .was assisted by the Rev
Joseph Guibert, S.=M.,-as deacon, and Rev
Joseph. Dreyer.S. M.;'aB subdeacon.<-
Father Guibert preached the sermon in
French, his te*t" beingr, .t'Christ the Life
of the ; Nation*" . It was an eloquent ex
position of the gospel of the day,, -
•?.The musical. programme was as follows:
,.'J\^dl" Aquam'% (Peters); Kyrie. Gloria
Credo, .Sanctus: and Agnus. Bet from" L.
Dachauer"» '.'Megaft Solennelle? : ."Sit • Nomen
Domini Benedlctus" (O. Cagliero); "Reglna*
Cocll" - <A. Werner) : organ. "Marche Trlom
phale" (Renaudde-VlUac);- Andante in D (E
SOLEMN high mass* was celebrated
at Notre Dame des Victolres Church
¦ on ¦ Bush street in the presence) of
? The resurrection was necessary t6. vindicate
the 'truths of God. •-" It fulfilled the' prophecy
concerning it in • the Old Testament and y the
Savior's own. prophecy concerning himself .¦ and
is the pledge that not one of the prophecies or
promises of the divine word shall fail. . it .was
necessary to fremove the reproach of the cross,
to give.efflcacy to -the work of redemption and
finally, to accredit his claim to the -faith- and
obedience .cf the world. As another has said,
"If Christ had not risen, the accursad- ravings
cf the 'CruciflxSon -would have been, the motto
of unbelieving milliona.". ';•-;"¦¦¦/¦• ;
terday. There ..was v special .mu
sic for the occasion and a: ser
mon by " the pastor on . "The • Util
ity of the Resurrection of :Chirst." -.The
services opened with the singing of Sudd's
"Easter Anthem" by the choir, under the
direction of C. Ernest Edwards, choir di
rector. Mr. . Edwards sang : "He Is Not
Here, for He Is Risen," at the offertory. -
Dr. Wilson preached from the text from
Euke xxiv:45-47— "For "thus it "behooved
Christ to suffer and to rise from the dead
on the third day that repentance and re
mission of sins might be preached In his
.name among all nations, beginning at
Jerusalem." • . — -," ,
After dwelling at ' length upon the fact
of, the resurrection, in which the proofs
of the event were given, Dr. Wilson said:
A LARGE congregation attended ": the
Easter services ~ at Howard-street
Methodis,t Episcopal Church
FRENCH CATHOLICS '
GATHER IN NUMBER
¦ communion a solemn high m&aa waa
celebrated at U r o'clock yesterday ta St.
Francis Church on Vallejo street. Rttv.
Charles McMahon was the celebrant.
Rev. William McGough, deacon and Rev.
F. Caraher subdeacon. Master . Edward
McCarthy was master of ceremonies.
Nearly a score of acolytes were upon the
altar. - . ¦,.-..
Father McGough delivered the sermon.
He took his text from the gospel of tha
day. he-. Is Risen. He Is Not ' Here."
Ho dwelt upon the importance of : tha
message delivered by the angel placed in
charge of the tomb of Christ and ex
plained in detail the reasonings of the
Catholic church and its effect upon man
kind, developing the Idea that from
ChrisTs resurrection on Easter mornlns
came the redemption of mankind.
The choir under the 'direction of the
organist, Mrs. A. B. - Collins, rendered
Glorza's "First Mass." The offertory was
Victor Hammerers "Reglna Codi.'"- Tne
soloists- were ' Mrs. B. Sides, Mrs. LHy V.
Cantin. Messrs. Woodbrldge and Schnitz.
Solemn, vespers . and benediction were
celebrated in the evening and Father
McMahon - delivered' the sermon.
AFTER a continuous series of masses
at which thousands of people ap
., proached the altar to receive h.oly
PREACHES SERMON £
ON "RESURRECTIONS
PEOPLE MANIFEST"'
GREAT DEVOTION
Organist and director. Mr. Artfru«t.
Choir— MUsea A. . Benoi t, O. Richard*. H.
Hopper. A. Artigues, K. Carroll. U O1»m: Mi*,
K. Kahrleln. Mrs. L. Cadenaaso. Mim £.
Wodsworth. J. FWMtty, J. Cortes!. Dr. 4*
Klcharda. ¦ , . ¦ . •
EflSTEFi SERVICES
¦¦ ¦•¦¦•!.' -AT SJ. IGNATIUS
culcated by the gospel of the day. He
dwelt upon the beneficent results that fol
lowed the message of Christ to the
women who guarded his tomb, and
ascribed to tha superantural rolling away
Of the massive stone that guarded .the
entrance tp. the tomb of him that wi\s
crucified, an insight. into the more holy
and better life of the human race."-.- -
An augmented choir rendered the music
of HaydenTJ ''Imperial Mass."' At the-of
fertory ¦ Gullmetls "Hosanna" waa ren
dered as a contralto solo by Mrs. Mar
guerite E. -Wllburn. A' string and 'wind
orchestra also participated In the musical
portion. .. , . : ; . •
Solemn -vespers were- celebrated in the
evening and >a special musical programme
was rendered: -.The congregation - filled
every. . part : of the ; church during all • the
services 'Of ."the day. - -
first basa and George V. "Wood second
bass.
The' sermon was preached by the Rev.
Father D. J. Mahoney, who took for his
subject "The Resurrection." The larste
congregation, which filled every available
space of the sacred edifice, was visibly im
pressed by the eloquent' words of the cler
gyman, who prefaced his sermon by a
simple narration Of the Biblical' story, of
the resurrection of Chrtst as taken from
the gospel of the -day, and the subsequent
appearance of the Redeemer among his
disclpleB. • ¦ - • - •
<~fflte i^l RCHBISHOP RIORDAN was
¦^". ffl the principal:; figure •'." in the
&vm Easter services celebrated yes-
W terday at St.' Mary's Cathedral.
/3$8gp t& Solemn pontifical high mass
i. ;-.¦•. was celebrated 'at ill'; o'clock,
. and : a special choir and, string
orchestra rendered v the .. music" incidental
to "the mass.T'Not all ; . the: crowd" of .; wor»
shipers "could^firid. room in the edifice; and
many stood for, hours upon the steps lead
ing, thereto;, awaiting an .opportunity ... to
participate in the services. ¦ -* '¦•;
/Very ReyJ John J.Prendergast; V. ,G. f
assisted the" Archbishop during ' the, cere
monies, and. Fathers Ramm, >Dempsey,
Hannigan and O* Ryari - also . participated.
Some thirty acolytes were -on the altar,
and a number of Christian Brothers were
seated within \the sanctuary.., The altar
was decorated 'with a plenitude of .'Easter
and St. Joseph lilies, palm-: fronds iand
a multitude of fairy lights and, glittering
candelabra. ' The .richest * vestments .': in
the possession of the clergy of the Cathe
dral were wofn by the officiating priests.- "
.Rev. Jerome B." Hannigan delivered. the
sermon.- The gospel: of the day furnished
the text,'*and he said in part: r ; ;v; * c<
' • But \. i few -/ dayk' ago the ' Catholic - : church,
wore the garments • ot ¦ sorrow :, in ¦ commemora
tion of. the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. . To-day
we are . glad of ' heart ' that r Jesus has •¦ arisen.
The very hour that seemed; the hour of his < de
feat" in his : struggle • over ¦; sin { and \ death : was
to him the" hour of -victory, r ; It was to I him
butthe occasion . of the beginning , of ¦ everlasu
ing- life. • He made the grave give up the deaii.
His epitaph was not ¦ written on his tombstone,
but his "victory over death - was proclaimed by
an.angel.--- -.'.v '*•'¦'* ¦"¦¦"¦:"¦ -t '-"¦. ¦'**< .¦'•,:•'¦-¦¦¦ ."¦¦.-¦
• -Upon this -fact- of > his resurrection '..is. based
all'- our hopes > and -beliefs , of ' immortality .to
come.": We can-look forward ; to -that- life .iwith
a knowledge | that is k and I has - been ' decreed' by
God; and it proves 1 that' h« who. was crucified
was the ¦ son of God ; and i Christ ' hlmsel f . : .'-. ;•. r
•-Many a wonderful: miracle 'he "wrought/dur
ing his brief; life On. earth, • but .none of thete
surpassed ' that which > resulted : In i the ' proof
ni his dlvlno mission on earth. Christ's prom-
LEADING PULPIT ORATORS OF ALL DENOMINATIONS ELOQUENTLY ADDRESS VAST CONGREGATION
UPON THE SUBJECT OF SAVIOR'S MISSION AND ITS EFFECT UPON THE HUMAN RACE.
iee , to ralsa himself from the dead i«_tha
foundation of the Christian faith. St. Paul
did. not hesitate to 4 say that "if .Christ- had
not risen - from ' the deid. then would our
preaching have been In vain." "
Man cann.it lift himself, from the tofnb.'nor
can he bring back his lifebloo* after death
to his pulseless heart. God alone can do this.
He' put upon this act ¦ the seal of his divine
omnipotence. Armed, with this sacred, truth,
his , followers- went out to. carry hla fame to
the uttermost limits 'Of the earth: "It was true
that they preached of a God crucifled. but they
.likewise ; preached of a God ' resurrected. ,:•* And
so, following this i doctrine through; the ages.
Christ's ~ followers are to-day^ ¦ celebrating
throughout tjie universe the * glorious fact of
his ; resurrection. ;¦• '."!"
- Haydn's Sixteenth Mass was -sung un
; der the direction of ¦ Organist R. J. Harri-'
son by a large choir, assisted by a string
orchestra:, The /principal soloists »,were
Miss Katherine Black, soprano; Miss Julia'
Sullivan,- alto; David Manlloyd, tenor, and
S.J.Sandy, bass.- *-='-. .'„ .",.. . ./
- .Upon the conclusion of. the' mass '¦ Arch
bishop Riordan gave the Papal benedic-"
•tion ' to -the i kbeellng multitude. In 'the
¦ evening I solemn I vespers : were sung,"; fol
lowed by benediction ' of * the , Blessed . Sac
rament. ¦¦¦¦-.-• : . • ' ¦ '
THE tervlce* at the" Fir«t EngHn'4
Evangelical Lutheran Church .yes
terday were of an Impressive charac
ter. They werfe conducted by tbe
pastor. Rev. B. Icelander, who was as
sisted by Rev. H. I* Yarger. D.D.. a dis
tinguished .minister of Atchinson, Kans.
The girls' vested choir rendered beautiful
selections morning and , evening. Tha
decorations on the altar and sanctuary
were very striking. Calla lilies, ferns and
cut flowers were used in profusion.
The music rendered morning and even-
Ing was very beautiful.- -
Jn part Dr. Yarger eaid:
I bring you the apostolic greeting of Easter:
"He is risen." la the festivals of the church
this day is the brightest ' gem of the crown,
and to the church meet Important is the truth
It brines. If the Easter message be not true.
Usen the whole fabric «f Chrlstion doctrine
falls tfc the srround. - "Our faith is vain."-
Hut fortunately tfifs cfentral troth In redemp
tive work of Christ is buttressed by so many
incontrovertible facts * that no unprejudiced
mind can read the record without beinjc con
vinced of it. Easter brinrs a message to us
concerning those Who have passed away.
Christ ts the first fruits ct all who sleep. .They
shall rise again., and shall greet us again. Go
not then to weep at the graves of your dead,
tut go to see a lilly growing there..
WORSHIPLRS AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL AS THEY APPEARED WHILE LEAVING THE SANCTUARY.
THOSE WHO SLEEP
SHflLL RISE AGAIN
What we- are here determines what we shall
be hereafter. We are to endeavor to develop
that which Is spiritual within us, until It shall
dominate that which is material; until we shall
know Christ and know the power- of Christ's
resurrection, and Oie feliowshtD of his suffer
ing; until we shall die unto sin and live unto
righteousness, and take on more and more that
glorified life which Is to have its fullness in
the life to come, and- thus attain unto a real
resurrection while on the earth and in the
body. ¦ ' ' . ¦ : " ......
THE attendance at the morning And
evening service* of Richmond * Con
gregational Church ¦ yesterday wim
larger than usual. The sacred edi
fice waa taxed to It* utmost capacity by
tin' congregation nml vliitord, In honor
of the day thti church war beautifully
decorated. The fair members of the con*
grtgation had devoted hours to beautify
ing the Interior and their efforts wore
highly appreciated. The choir, augment
ed for tlu- occasion, never pang mor«
beautifully. Appropriate music was ren
dered morning and ovenlng. by MIbs AHco
Uuthrie, Ml»s Nina Parker and Mlia Edith
Coombe, sopranos; Miss Margaret • .Ma
gulre and Miss Winifred Coombe, altos;
Kred Brock and Clifford Taylor, tenors:
Joslah O. Liow, Frank Beasom and L., H.
Naghel. Mrs. Philip Coombe was the or
ganist.
In the evening Rev. Dr, Coombs, pastor
of the church, preached an eloquent cer 1
mon on "Resurrection From Death a
Present Attainment" ¦
He closed with these beautiful words:
RICHMOND CHURCH
FINELY; DECORATED
of Christ; They *were -.fearless in their
holy errand and, though many met death
•while : In the performance of their duty,
there were .still other .Christian .mis
sionaries Clamoring to-go out to take the
place of those massacred. It was in those
countries where the religion of Christ was
unknown that- everywhere there was a
dendneES. • • ¦
The speaker denied that the Christian
missionaries were meddling spirits, and.,
said the doctor, a year before the Boxer
¦ uprising the missionaries had warned the
diplomats- what was 4 coming, but- the
diplomats did not understand them. He
extolled the young women who went out
to take light to the lands whore there
was heathenism. They laid down their
lives ' for Christ and ' that, he said, was
true Christianity.
Altars, of
;¦;"* Beautified With i ; '
unable to secure' even standing
rooi». Unusually fine programmes- of mu
sic were the rule in the larger sanctuaries
and augmented choirs chanted the praises
of the multitude to the Redeemer and
strengthened the hope of immortality his
advent among men inspired" in every hu
man heart.
"While it was a day on wblcb. Christians
bowed their heads In worsnlp and-thanks
giving, it was also an occasion for the
display of the latest dainty creations of
the milliner's art. The superb weather
was conducive to show and the- mucn
lalked-of Easter bonnet was conspicuous
ly in evidence. The congregations at the
various churches presented scenes of rare
beauty by reason of the variegated colors
that met the eye at every turn. But in
the relation of the fact* of the resurrec
tion, and of the untold benefits accruing
to mankind by the death of Christ; the
vanities of life were forgotten and < all
hearts turned in adoration to the cross
on Cavalry and responded . fervently . to
the praises suns to the master of men.
It was a day of prayer and penitence, a
day of thankfulness to the Creator for
the blessings vouchsafed to -man through
the sacrifice made by Christ in their be-.
half. , ":¦ v-""r"-:
The decorations In the leading churcnes
were for the greater part magnificent.
The lily of the valley . mingled its
fragrance with that of the rose in all of
the chancels, and evergreens studded with
blossoms, pink and whlt«, all but hid, the
pulpits from view. In the Episcopal
churches flaming Stars of Bethlehem
burned softly above the altars, the effect
being - most beautiful. The interior*- of
the Catholic churches were brilliantly
lighted and beautifully adorned.
The music was the main feature of the
services In all the churches. Special pro
grammes were prepared, and thrlr rendi
tion was BOlcmnly impressive. The gen
eral theme was the resurrection of Christ
and Its influence upon the destiny of the
human race. The truth* . of the Ulblo
were alluded to *¦ being Incontrovertible,
notwithstanding the efforts of unbeliever*,
past «nd prr»«?nt, to shatter the one great
hop* which the tcachlnira of Chrlut necee-
MtiHy inspire In the Rout. In the main,
the «ermun», many of whlrhare *ynon
ritfd herewith, wor« fereerul and eloquent
«rd will long be remembered by those who
listened to the counsel* wo earnestly
voiced from the pulpit*.
m PECIAL Easter services were
4^*^ held In all the city ; churches yes
ro-&-<& terday. The attendance -at the
* leading houses of worship taxed
f'^&r the capacity of the edifices and
many hundred latercomers; were
Impressive Music Adds
Solen)nity; to t:l)e
Occasion.-
-Resurrection of Christ
the Theroe of Able
Discourses.
PRAISES
SUNG TO
THE LORD
BEAUTIFUL EASTER SERVICE IMPRESS
4
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL; MONDAY;-M^RCH 31, 1902.VAST MULTITUDES AT THE CITY CHURCHES
THE SAN ;FR^NCISCO CALL, MONDAY^;MARCH 31, 1902.
" SANTA ROSA; March : 30.— The mimor
circulated | about the '< fortune 'inherited by
John Asnip, a tannery laborer here.is dis
covered ¦ to be without foundation in : fact
It is trues that Asnip and his;wife;are eo-
Sf .o E n 8 ,an a . 1 >u, me r ely ; tor . pl^ ure
Their Trip for Pleasure Only.
The sermon was preached by ; the rec
tor,. Rev. Frederick W. 'dampen. . He
treated the doctrine ' of : the
from a threefold ~. phase, - premising,^ "the
same by the statement .'that; the i "mind • Is
dependent absolutely upon, revelation for
the assurance of its truth. The argument
from analogy, he stated, was not'dlrect
nor conclusive.' 'The Inborn desire after
life could not demonstrate | it. . One 'was
forced to lean upon revelation In the same
proportion as became the truth of the im
maculate . conception f. or ¦ the > Incarnation
of the Son of God. '..'; •
seats. .-The' decorations were. 'un
usually handsome. The regular choir, was
assisted by an orchestra in the singing of
the' "Te " Deum" ' of -Le' Mare'; and in -a
Jubilate by Jordan. The anthem of'Han
del, "I Know That" My ' Redeemer Llv
eth," was rendered with impressive effect.
THE Bervices at Trinity Church yes
terday morning, were largely attend
ed, many being to secure
?iING PRAISES TO
\; THE RISEN LORD
BLOSSOMS TO GREET
A HOST OF VISITORS
SAN JOSE, March 30.— Santa Clara Val
ley and its citizens are preparing for the
blossom festival which is to be held dur
ing the week beginning April 8. The warm
weather of the past week has brought
out the buds and already the blossoms
are appearing and the whole valley Is
taking on a snowy dress. A week from
to-morrow, when the festival opens, the
blooms will be at their best, and a sight
of the flowering grove of fruit trees will
be such as cannot be witnessed anywhere
else in the United States. Thousands of
acres of trees are along the. . roads over
which the hosts of visitors who come to
the blossom fete will be taken.
The blossom fete has been an annual
event with the village of Saratoga, in the
western foothills, but this year the whole
county has taken up the idea, and with
the Improvement Club of this city at the
head It will be made an event that will
attract thousands of visitors from all
over the State and make the fete a yearly
county affair. The cold weather has
twice been responsible . for postponements
because the trees were backward In
blooming. Now the festival will surely
be held during the week commencing on
the 8th, and the people of the county are
preparing to . extend a royal welcome to
the visitors. Nothing will be left undone
to make every one feel at home and to
show them all the resources of the val-
*.-'wk BEAUTIFUL Easter song -, service
f\ waB rendered, at Calvary , Presby
¦* * terian Church last evening. The
. ; programme opened 1 with an organ
prelude by R. D". Burness, organist. After
invocation-, by . the' pastor. Rev. • John
Hemphill. and the singing of an anthem
by the congregation. Miss Xena Roberts
sang an alto solo, ¦ "The Lord ¦ Is ' Risen,"
accompanied by Benjamin "Tuttle in a
violin obligato.; Herbert Williams '. ren
dered a tenor solo. "Allelulla." and at tha
offertory Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark sang
"Tbe'Klng of Glory." Benjamin Tultlo
The. speaker alluded to the work, of
Christ and his disciples, and in his pero
ration counseled his hearers to learn to
love the Savior and to emulate his holy
example. . . • • • - -
: ; The Easter services were concluded last
evening with a programme of hymns ap
propriate to the day. After an organ pre
lude the anthem. "Allelulla, Christ la
Risen," waa sung by the congregation.
The choir sang . "Gloria Patri," followed
by a bass solo, "The Resurrection," ren
dered by George ¦ B. McBrlde. For the
offertory Miss Mary Chester Williams
sang .Gounod's- "Easter." The' congrega
tion sang the anthem. "The Risen Lord,"
and 'the Rev. William Kirk Guthrle de
livered an address* After the benedic
tion the services concluded with the play
ing of an : organ /postlude, "Triumphal
March." . ..
argument, for that may be broken down, but
uvon a certain something within us which we
recognize as having been begotten with us.
Cmr union with Christ Is our Jcy. for In it lies
our future, and in our future lies 'the treasure
of our hope. Life without Christ Is to ali ln
tr>nts and purposes a living death. Death Is
the one great thing In life which appeals to
till, but hj who has Christ is all powerful In
the presence of death.: The true Christian
looks upon death as a deliverance, an entrance
Into life everlasting. • :
•:' Christ J gave to mankind a new . conception
of, the reigning God.' He overturned ¦¦ the . old
notions ¦ that .sacrifices and . the shedding ¦ ot
human • blood were . necessary , in : order , to . pro
pitiate K God.V .Wherever his power has . been
felt ? new • hopes. . and < ambitions ¦ arose • in - men's
hearts.- , 'Beware how, you • do • your ' duty to
God. '• ¦-. Coir- belief ¦ in Immortality rests not on
: :.The:advent of Christ Into. the world lightened
up the gloom which enshrouded everything. ¦ It
was a period of national unrest and 'all men
were troubled." They 'were walking in: dark
ness, but when Christ ; .came : with his teach
ings there was > light. " Where Christ Is not
there is only darknesasand gloom. While. the
Jews were 'Without a < leader they, were lost and
without hope, -but' when ' Chrlstr came among
'them he -became, their; shepherd. This teaches
us the lesson' that those who will, follow Christ
and listen to, his words. will be led. to peaceful
havens . of i rest. * ; Those ' who ¦ came in : contact
with him In 'his career, on earth ' became im
mortal,'and-to.those who follow, him he prom
ises Immortality.-. . • .. -.
.The sermon was delivered by Rev. Wil
liam Kirk Guthrle, the. pastor.' He took
for his:- subject ."The Resurrection," ,his
:theme. being drawn from the. text, "Ijam
the, resurrection and the life." ' He . said
in part: ... . .'. ¦ ¦ :•. SaaerafejaaBttttB
- ...•;, palms, . lilies and roses, •which
werebanked in .profusion about the pul
f>lt and choir balcony.'. Above the organ
oft,, was-suspendeda flaming star.'- -
'¦The.' music was especially 1 Impressive.
The organist and". -director was -Otto
Fleissner, and the choir consisted qf Miss
Maryi Chester Williams and Mrs. J.
Hughes Davies, sopranos; Miss Mary ¦• A.
Rose and 'Miss, Florence Ryder,* contral
tos ;¦ J. Hughes Davies and A. E. Palmer,
tenors ;'¦ George B. McBrlde and Robert H.
Boker, , bassos. - The offertory. "Come, See
the Place Where Jesus , Lay," "was sung
with excellent effect by Miss Rose. The
musical numbers' embraced the chant,
: "The Lord's Prayer"; the anthem; "Spenk
Ye Comfortably," and the anthem,' "Now
on the/First Day." . ...
jQJHts~,J TTT^ Easter services at- the
r m^mH' Fifst Presbyterian Church at
? d \' v". tracted an Immense assem
ft ,, • blage yesterday morning. The
floral decorations were rich
. v 1 ™" . ; and tasty. -They consisted of
• The Christian' church has changed the social
and political life of humanity. If is the great
est moral force In nature. To believe that it is
based upon a falsehood Is to .• subvert ¦ man 1 h
mental integrity. ¦ Every gospel scholar will tell
you. that the story of the . resurrection is true.'
The -tale ls'.toldi by . those wno related' what
they saw. No one can read the history of the
life of St. Paul without being, converted to' the
belie! that the resurrection is true. - If ; it ia
based upon a lie then is the treasury of - the
United States based upon i counterfeits. . ;
• When "Christ 'came into the world the age was
not crude. . It .was an age of .philosophy, \ the
age pf St. Paul, : who, as one ; of the - JewUh
Sanhedrln, was most powerful. R He investigat
ed the claims of Chrlstto divlnlty-and his.ex
perience proved that these. were well-founded.
It waa riot for I the glory . of telling a lie that
the early Christians gave up their lives In de
fence of their faith; and. reddened ' with their
blood the ewords of executioners. ... If, was ' not
to. elorlfy a falsehood ; that .• the ;. martyrs : of
Rome i went to • the ¦ stake, . and,': covered . with
pitch, 'were burned as torches are burned.^ You
cannot prox'e immortality; it is * experienced.
Prayer, faith and ' penitence will . bridge .the
chasm of doubt and lead to the tower of: con
viction. The . Bible . is ; a revelation ; and • to ¦ it
The j praise and song • service . was par
ticipated in by the vested choir under, the
guidance of W. A. Sabln, organist and
choirmaster.. The Easter, anthem, "Christ
Our Passover," by Humphreys.was exceed
ingly well rendered. Tne sermon was by
Rev. Burr Miller • Weeden, rector j of St.'
Luke's, his theme being ."The Resurrec
tion of Christ." He spoke of the.observ
ance of the Sabbath by nations : "and the
establishment of: the church among men
as incontrovertible proofs of the resur
rection of the Savior., Resuming, he said:
MOST beautiful and impressive were
- the '. Easter- services' at St. Luke's
Episcopal Church, corner . of ¦, Van
Ness " avenue 1 , and . Sacramento
street, yesterday. The morning services
were attended by an : audience that filled
every available inch o£ space In the large
auditorium. » The decorations were tasty
and beautiful, consisting wholly of lilies,
roses arid palms: artistically, disposed
about the chancel.: Above the altar was
a radiant Star of Bethlehem.
THE RESURRECTION
IS A HOLY TRUTH,
Ae the year* go by the Easter eong sounds
sweeter in our ears. It moves the heart and
the glorious Eastertide brings sunlight to our
fouls. ..This celebration in no fancy of priest
craft. It Is the cry of all humanity answering
the questions of all nations during all ages.
That question is "If man die shall »he live
.again?" The whole Christian ' religion rests
©a this fact that Jesus did rise from .the. tomb
and lives again. Christianity would have per-
Rev. R.C. Foute, pastor of the church,
conducted the service and preached the
sermon, his assistant being KeV. J. Nich
ols, son of Bishop Nichols, who is at pro-s
ent In. the Hawaiian Islands.
"The musical portion of the service was
superbly rendered by a surpiiced male
choir. Organist ¦William Henry Holt had
prepared a fine selection of cnurch com
positions. The choir consisted of J. F.
Veaco, Charles Getting, Fred: Purdy, W.
W. Berrlll, W. E. Smith, J. V. Treasider.
W. Woolcock, Charles Parent, W. Aiac
donald,.G. H. Hook, E.-T. Hewitt.' Cyril
B.H0K, H. Fossey, P. Wallace and C.
Homer Henley. -<-. <¦
. The "musical programme included Root's
"Te Deum In G," Gilchrisfs "Jubilate In
D flat." Holt's "Kyrie In D flat." Pax
ton's ¦"Gloria TIbl ¦ in G" and Mozart's
introlt, "Christ the Lord Is Risen To
day." Gounod's "Gloria." was rendered
for the psalter and Higg's • composition.
"If Ye Then Be Risen." for the offertory.
- Rev. R. C. Foute delivered a short but
impressive sermon on "The Power of the
Resurrection.*' In part the rector said:;
The altar and chancel of the church
were beautifully decorated - with palms,
lilies and evergreens, while at the base
-of .the stained glass windows large
bunches of lilies were displayed. A large
cross of lilies stood in the chancel inclos
ure. -,,..... . . .
services yesterday morning.
An hour before the doors of the church
were opened crowds gathered in front of
the' building, and the ushers were "unable
to find seats for all who sought admission.
/'H^^ HE capacity of Grace Church
at the corner of California and
£ I Stockton streets was far too
R 1 small to accommodate the
\N»j^ throng of worshipers that de-
sired to attend the Easter
MEN LEflN UPON V
THE, REVELATION'
Nothing stands more , historically certain
than that Jesus rose from the dead and ap
peared to his followers. Even the priests who
had condemned him became his followers.
They knew him In life and they verified the
truth of the resurrection. To-day Itself is evi
dence of the • fact that millions of people do
not celebrate events that did not occur. • Let
there be no shadow on our hearts,- for life
opens anew to »1I of us. Let us awake in the
glorious springtime and turn to renewed fa. th
and strengthened hope. Let all follow the
spirit of God when he gave his only begotten
eon to save mankind. In that spirit let us be
more loving, ¦ more - unselfish, more sacrificing
Like these beautiful (lowers we see around us
the Eastertide teaches us of the glorious sum
mer to come when the sun shall shine and the
tears be washed, away forever.
The serylce ended with the. singing of
the old chant. "Gloria in Excelsis.
lEhed on Calvary if Christ had not risen. The
kingdom of the dead Jesus would have perished
even as the kingdom of the dead Alexander or
Caesar. ••• • :
played a violin solo and Walter Campbell
sang "Easter Morn." -,- •
Rev. George E. Eldredge delivered a ser
mon 1 on "The. Lessons from Easter Day."
Mr. Eldredge said that the conclusion to
be arrived at from a cons. deration of the
resurrection of the Lord is. that he is
more than an example to men. He Is a
living friend, a living brother who stands
ready to lead mankind to the mansion of
his beloved Father. The reverend speaker
said that Christ was not a buried Christ,
but a resurrected divinity who Is always
with us to minister to our spiritual need3.
-- Stainer's March" -. was ren
dered on the organ as the congregation
dispersed. • ¦ .¦*• ' ¦ • '. - . - . > , ¦ . .
"Sopranos— Mrs. J. L. -V»-lliinnjs, Miss Mabol
Quatman.,M».\W.- Wright. : Mint HC. Heath
altos—Mis. F.V. Cox, Miss Grace Ewihir, Miss
Lulu Fcldheim.Mrs. E. L. Wakeman; tenors
,— O. L,. Llenau, Roberta- Collier. 'F C > Man
chester, >C. W. Rosekrans; basses-^J. F° Flem-
Ing, F.F.. Knowing, .George. Trask.- r
. H. ¦ Bretherick presided at the ¦ organ
and the choir consisted of the following
ladies ¦ and : gentlemen: • • - •¦' .,.;.¦ ¦
Rev. Bradford Leavitt. ¦ the .pastor/ de
livered the' sermon; which was based on
the:llfe.of Christ and the resurrection.
•'. Mornlngton's "Gloria"; the .chorus,
'"Awake Thou That Sleepest"; Mason's
Quartet, ,"The | Lord's | Prayer" ; > the ¦ trio
and chorus, "To,- Him \ Who , : Left. His
Throne";" the duet'and chorus, "Divine
Love,*': were also rendered. ¦ , . .... ¦¦.•"•';¦ /-..if" 1
' The musical programme of; the regular
service, was an especially fine one, the
various numbers including selections from
Stainer's ''The Daughter of. Jairus.". Fol
lowing ..the organ -prelude,.. Stainer's
"Overture,", the choir; and congregation-
Joined in singing the, doxology... The choir
then rendered the recitatave, "In that day
shall the Lord^of Hosts,". being followed
by a tenor solo, "My. Hope I3 in the Everi
lasting." . _¦¦;
- The service was preceded j bjs the \ sing
ing of Easter carols by.' the Sunday
school children, accompanied by an or
chestra.. : . ¦ : . ¦ '. .../¦";¦ ...: ..:.-;.•¦¦.. „; ,'..
; , the celebration of the Easter.serv
ice. The choir inclosure and platform
were lavishly decorated wtth a profusion
of- palms, -lilies and fruit* fhossoms. '
THE First Unitarian Church at Geary
and Franklin streets was crowded
to Its doors yesterday morning at
Sacrifice of the Savior pf Man^lod Is the Promise
of Obd of a Life BeyoQd the Tomb.
Advent of tf)e Christ and His Death
Brought Salvation to Men.
CAROLS ARE SUNG
BY MANY CHILDREN
THE HOPE OF IMMORTALITY
A BOON TO THE HUMAN RACE
THE RISEN LORD
IS A TRUE SAVIOR
SCENES WITNESSED BY THOSE WHO ATTENDED EASTER SERVICES.
respond the yearnings of the human soul.' - '
' Men live And- die and iponuments are reared
to their memories, yet no one has been found
courageous enough to rear a monument to ths
memory of Jesus Christ. Some say the church
is his monument, but the church is the abode
of the presence of Christ. To the most recre
ant unbeliever is extended at all times the hand
of God. The ocean of his love is boundless.
Its waves . are the hosannas ¦ of the redeemed.
Thanks be to God which gives us the victory
through the resurrection of Christ. i
The offering amounted to a sum exceed
ing $10,700, the largest offering in the hld
tory of Trinity Church. The rector thank
ed the congregation for the hearty man
ner in which -they responded to his ap
peal and expressed his personal gratitude
for the result. - .
the fact of the resurrection was the
cornerstone of the Christian faith. It
formed the fundamental teaching, of the
lirst apostles. It change.d an abstract
truth into a concrete form.. , The resur
rection, of Jesus Christ' guaranteed our
resurrection in the glorified body. It sat
isfied the supreme yearning of humanity,
turning the spirit of despair into a living,
eternal hope. . .
Gospel Story of F^cdeeme^ Who
Rose From Diead Is Verified! I
RESURRECTION IS
A DIVINE TRUTH
5Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C9 Market at.. Palace Hotel buildins. *
To a reporter who went to see a prominent New.
Yorker to ask about his side. of a trouble with his
wife the prominent one replied: "Why talk, of such
a trifle as a suit for divorce? Politics is my wife. I
am writing a book on the government of our colo
nies." Thus did the genial gentleman not only evade
'thcjnnoccnt newspaper man but worked him for an
ad for a new book al the same time, and when a
man is mcan^enough to do that his wife is entitled to
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public . men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
a bankerof 'Fresno, 13
registered at the California with his wife.
• . , James \ H.~^ O'Brien,- ihe J s well-known "Voh
tractor and politician, has been confined
Ralroad, Commissioner Edson '• is at the
Occidental. S^S985@Kfiajn^
* ; ."W.' G.* Muster, . a rolling-mill man of In
dianapolis, 1 ! is at the'Gra«'d. ': ; - - .
"A. B. 4 Corey, a 1 - railroad contractor, of
Ogden/is a guest at the Lick: . -,".'•'
AV. H. Hattoni a Modesto lawyer, is at
the Lick.:
'¦' F. L.Caughey,' an attorney of Ukiah, is
at the Lick.- .; V .;. '"¦"::.
O.'.F. Oleson of Sacramento Is registered
atltne:Llck. : - " ; ; ; :[.
Ex. t strcnir hoarhound candy. Townaend' a. •
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 1b at Townsena*«.«
George- Turner,; a dr -*ist of Log An
geles, is on his honey* .on with his wife
irt this city. They are at the Lick.
Charles Turner, a , nurgical instrument
manufacturer of Chicago, is at the Pal
ace. . : .\NSSfii
to' hi3 home for several days through 111
nea3.
Those facts are known, of course, to the originators
of the reports concerning the ; King's desire for peace, :
but in the face of them they, continue to assert tliat
peace is in sight. It is claimed that. Lord Wolseley's
mission, to South Africa is in. the interests of peace
rather than war, for it cannot; be that the fiehi mar- '
shal is expected to take command and relieve Kitch
ener. .Wolseley is now nearly 70 years old and is ut
terly unfitted, for the arduous duties of such a war as
the one ; that is now taxing the utmost energies* of
the youngest fand most vigorous generals in
the army. . Such a man, while unfit for command in:
war, is, however, well fitted to act , as a special envoy
in the interests of peace, and upon that -reasoning the
supporters of; the peace 'policy : base . their hopes that
th'e King is ready to make an earnest: effort to put
an end to hostilities. H/HP!
; /it would certainly be a. wise act Vn the" part of the
King to. restore" peace even if -he yielded "some of the •
extreme claims of his Ministers. It would be, more
over, a sovereign, act that would strengthen; his 1 po-^
sition as a constitutional King rather than a ; mere,
figurehead ' on a throne, and it may be that Edward
does intend some such display of energy before his
coronation. At the present . time . the' whole matter is
one_ for conjecture' and 'speculation merely, but;it(is
none: the less interesting/ \ "Edward , the peace
maker" would be a good title for a 1 sovereign 'just at
j this 'juncture. ; ' ., : ': ¦•
All the reports of a truce- between the warring
armies and of the beginning- of peace negotiations
have been refuted by. later reports of skirmishes and
fights at widely separated points in. the field of war.
It is evident, therefore; that if there be any such thing
as negotiation under way it has not yet made enough
progress to reach anything like, a satisfactory basis
of agreement. So far, then, as the scene of strife is
concerned there is nothing to justify the expectation
of a speedy end of the . conflict.
probable.
¦ • ¦ ' . V-.-v. : * ¦' ¦
ONE of the notable features of the present situ
ation of the war in South Africa is the re
peated report of a desire on the part oF-King
Edward to bring about the restoration of peace." be
fore his coronation, the date of which is now rap
idly approaching. It is not clear where these reports
come from, nor upon what ground they are founded.
Their persistence, however, showsthat if such "be not
the avowed desire of the King,, there is at. least; a
strong feeling in Great' Britain" that such a desire
would be natural to him and is not inherently im-
EDWARD AND THE BOERS.
• • • "
A gun foundry accident at Bofors, Finland, is said to have
resulted in the death of seven officers and principal men, but
no- details have yet been made public.
'- The Russian volunteer fleet now consists of fifteen steamers,
the last one contracted for, named the Smolensk, having been
accepted. They range from 8640 tons to 10,700 ton3, six have
speeds of 19 to 20 knots, and they have all been built since 1894.
The Moskva, Kherson and^Smolensk are fitted with Belleville
boilers, . which have given satisfactory results, yet these ship*
are laid up, with no immediate employment in prospect. Tha
status of the volunteer fleet is . somewhat uncertain., as the
contract with the Government expired Ia3t January and may
not be renewed. In the event of failing to again secure thU
subsidy of about $300,000, the Volunteer fleet will find it diffi
cult to find profitable employment, as the steam tonnage of
Russia is more than sufficient for the trade of that country.
A correspondent takes exceptions to the remarks In The
Call's naval news of last Monday regarding the defects In en
gine designs in the British navy, j He points out, what is quite
correct," that steam trials are mgje severe In the British than
in the United States navy. It Is possible that the thirty hours'
continuous trial under four-fifths power of engines which have
not been worked down to their bearings Is too severe and may
account for subsequent defects, but the fact remains that there
are frequent cases of leaky condensers, hot bearings and
broken connecting rods. The Formidable, Abouklr, Cressy.and
Sutlej failed to come up to the requirements at their first
trials, but succeeded at the second. The Implacable had four
trials. The Hermes returned after one year's commission with
broken down engines and boilers unfit for further use. The
departure of the Goliath was delayed twice because of defects
in her machinery, and five of the 21-knot cruisers made barely
1040 miles in; thirteen days on their initial trips. The naval
maneuvers ; developed a number of "lame ducks, of- which the
Resolution, rated at 17.5 knots, has the record of 13% as her
best effort. The^ London Engineer, well known for its re
luctance to praise anything not made in England, stated In
April last, speaking of machinery plans of the United States
Navy Department ; "There are many features • of ' Interest
about them, and we may add that, as far as Is known on this
side of the Atlantic, the machinery of the American navy is,
as a rale, successful in no stinted measure."
in 1SS7, of 230 tons displacement, 1S0O horsepower and 19 knots
maximum trial speed. Being of alow speed, as compared with
later boats of that type, they are no longer classified as ef
fective for, war purposes, but are utilized as harbor yachts for
the admirals commanding the naval stations at Kiel and "Wil
helmshafen, and there is no danger of the yacht -Alice Roose
velt getting into trouble with any foreign ship of war:
PERSONAL MENTION.
The yacht to. which Emperor -William haaigiven the name
of Alice Roosevelt is one of two division boats built at Elblng
The British Admiralty has . awarded contracts for nine war
vessels as follows: ,-.. •. _ " . "
1 Two battleships. of 16,500 tens, 18,000 horseoower and 18!£ knot3
speed to Thames Iron Wort 9, London, and Palmer & Co.', at Yarrow.'
/. Five /armored cruis?rs, 10,200 tons,' 22,000 horsepower and 23 knots,
one ; each ' to ; the • FairfleM Company - of Glaseow", John Brown - & Co.
of Clydebank, London and Glasgow Company of Gowaa, Vlckers, • Sons
&, Maxim -of Barrows- and the .Armstrong Company of Newcastle.",'. . : '
¦ : Two third-class. protected cruisers, . 3000 tons, 9800 horsepower and
20 knots speed; to Beardrnore.& Co., Glasgow.
.Ten torpedo-boat destroyers of a new. type have been con
tracted " for which will have .a- larger ¦ displacement, stronger
construction -and- less speed— but more reliable— than those
hitherto* built for. the British navy. They have already re
ceived the following unusual names: Dervent,; Eden, Eye.
Ribble, Itchen, Usk, Teviet, Ettrick, Foyle and Ernes.
CHIEF. CONSTRUCTOR BOWLES has written a letter
. : to Secretary Long protesting against the adoption of
. the metric system of weights and measures. He. points
. out that the plans of all the ships are drawn with
reference to English units, and should the French
system : be adopted these plans would become nearly val
ueless." -'¦', Mr. .' Bowles says 'the -American designer and
his workmen "think" in feet and inches, tons and pounds,
and their mental , habit- is entirely upset when 'they are
required';to work 'with meter, and grain. It -must be" admitted
that a change from feet and inches to meters and its decimal
parts will cause some temporary inconvenience to the "think
ing" designer and workman. It was at one time the custom
"of expressing measurements in feet, inches and fractions, such
as four feet three and . nine-sixteenths inches large or small.
This cumbersome 'and inaccurate.. "way has been superseded by
expressing the same measure of length in feet and decimals,
and works well. That workman who was. sent to measure the
length of a plate and" returned with the Information that its
length was that of his stick, the width of a brick, a ten-penny
nail and his thumb nail no longer exists.? Ship plans and de
tails are usually, made, on scales varying from one-eighth of
an inch to three inches to : the. foot, and there is no difficulty
about-, having- : metric scales ' applied to those plans already
made. ., The metric system Js practically that adopted. by scien
tific and professional men all over'the world. Germans, Chinese,
Japanese and Russians have become accustomed to "think" in
meters and grams, i and . the America 1 !!;, designer and workman
;Will likewise: become reconciled to a change which Involves
much- less labor ¦, and is far more accurate than the present
English : system. : -.
Reasons for His Protest ; Against the Adoption of the/ Metric System of Weights and
¦; v-Measures in' 1 United States Navy Department
The delicate fine potted and canned dainties of Eu
rope in which epicures have long delighted, are as
fraudulent as the plain American canned chicken A
summary of the report, published in the New York
Tribune, contains this extract from the statement of
one of the experts: "It would appear from the re-'
suits of the examination that the fat contained in
samples examined. was chiefiy derived from beef; or
1-ork. It is something of a surprise to find that even
in a high-priced imported pate de. foie gras the tra
ditio'nal diseased goose livers have been replaced by
beef and pork. There can certainly be no objection
to such a substitution on hygienic grounds, but as:
a matter of interest arid fair dealing it is most repre
hensible. *;'? *¦• There are manufacturers who do
not use fat; pork as a basis for pates, but the practice, j
The most frequent adulterations are in fancy
canned goods, such as fowl and potted and deviled
meats. It is noted, moreover, that in some cases the
adulterations are not confined Jo the use :of the pre
servatives, for beef,' mutton and pork are so treated
as to enable them to masquerade in a can as canned
chicken, while chicken itself is made to pass muster
as woodcock; pheasant and other fine game. This
seems to be one of the few cases in trade where the
poor have the advantage of the rich, for the plain
goods such as are bought by people of comparatively
small means are generally honestly packed and la
beled, but the buyer of high-priced fancy potted
meats gets nothing fancy for his money but a. label.
FROM the division of chemistry of the Depart
ment of # Agriculture there has jnst been issued
a report of the results of the investigation of
preserved meats.. The full report has not yet. been
received, but from the summary given in our. Eastern
exchanges it appears the general public would de
rive little advantage from it were it so generally cir
culated that every household were furnished with a
copy. The chemists, have made their examinations,
fairly and thoroughly enough, but they have stated
the results in such technical terms that few persons
except chemists can understand them.^ ; Thus it would |
seem that the report, will require translation before
the labor of the chemists will be of any value to the
pe6ple who have paid for it.
Chemical preservatives of one kind or another are
used in neatly all lines of the preserved meat indus
try, and the packers say such preservatives are neces
sary in order to obtain a uniform product. Some of
the preservatives used are comparatively harmless,
while others are dangerous. It is gratifying that, the
investigations have disclosed that American packers
and cannersare more careful and more honest in that
respect than their foreign competitors. The Gov
ernment chemists examined 359 specimens of canned
goods in our markets, and of these 290 were Ameri
can arid the rest foreign. Of the , American goods
only 6.2 per cent were " treated with preservatives,,
while 40.6 of the foreign goods were so treated.
SOPHISTICATED MEAT GOODS.
Despite Hanna's repeated ar/d emphatic protests,
the Eastern press continues to discuss him as a prob
able candidate for the Presidency in 1904, from which
we may infer that some folks don't like Roosevelt a
.little bit. .
Riley are terribly in love and that their
marriage is an especially happy one. 'It
is to be hoped that all of Mrs. Riley 's life
may be as happy as the present. .
Of all the gowns in .Mrs. RHey's ward
robe probably the one most becoming to
her blonde beauty is the pale blue chif
fon creation. There are!. three rows of
white lace insertion in the skirt, which
is accordion-plaited. The bodice is very
simple,- with sleeves of shirred chiffon,
ending in a large puff at the elbow. Mrs.
Riley wears a handsome collar of pearla,
many rows deep, with this costume-^
Mrs." Herman ; Oelrichs is -on 'BelrVray
back to New York, where she will re
main but a short time before going
abroad. Her sister. Mrs. "Willie K.- Van
derbilt Jr., is already in Europe and will
soon accompany her husband to Vienna
for a short stay before returning, home.
The number of Americana who will do tha
coronation ls~ very light for various rea
sons. London will be a good place to stay
away from in June. . • " .'.
'V<- ¦'"¦; SALLY SHARPE.
MRS. THOMAS MAGEE JR., "WHOSE FANCY DRESS COSTUME IS SAID
TO BE THE MOST ARTISTIC. OF ANT EVER BROUGHT FROM NE)V :
' YORK. (Ph&to by Taber.) . '
In San Francisco the conditions continue cheerful.
Here business shows no signs of hesitation. The re
verse is raxher "the case. The most casual observer
can see that the town'is doing a large business by
merely strolling through the streets. The crowds on
the sidewalks, the processions of teams passing
through the thoroughfares and the- great number of
new buildings going up tell their story. The interior
newspapers, too, are calling attention to the pro
nounced influx of new people into the towns and
farming districts from the East. The best feature of
this is that for the most part they seem to be com
ing here to remain. If current conditions, continue
the next census will record a large increase in the
population of San Francisco. and Northern Califor
nia. Of course this means more small farms, -jam in
creased output of produce and more money in cir
culation all around In fact, this part of the State
seems to be having quite a boom.
PWall street is quiet. JJ"here are at present no gigan
tic new enterprises being floated, whereas at this
time last year the air was full of. them. Apparently
the great financiers find themselves, with all the load
they feel like carrying at present, and, indeed,. Henry
Clews, the New York banker, and one of the best
posted men in- Wall street, says that the only thing
that keeps stocks up at present is the broad
backs of the financial giants, who cannot afford to
let the market go down.
COMMERCIAL reports from the different sec
tions of. the United States were hardly as
rosy last week as for some time past. With
the exception of provisions most of the leading
staples showed a halting tendency, and the wholesale
and jobbing business of the country was reported in
diminished volume. The xetail trade, on the con
trary, was reported very good, and, in fact, above the
average for Holy Week. The bank clearings showed
a loss of 10.5 per cent, as compared with the cor
responding week last year, and New York fell off
20.1 per cent. The aggregate clearings of the coun
try, too, were the smallest for some time, amounting
to a little over $2,000,000,000, of which New York
*a* credited with $1,293,400,000. . The failures were
£S5, against 206 last year, but they were all unim
portant.
The exports of wheat, which were heavy a fort
night ago, fell off, and wheat itself weakened on im
proved crop prospects. Cotton also showed a re
action toward lower prices, recent excessive specula
tion having rendered the market top heavy, and the
manufactured goods were weak in sympathy with' the
raw material. Wool was likewise quiet, but the mills
were generally busy on previous orders. Meats of
all kinds were firm at the high prices, which are ap
parently maintained without difficulty, indicating
light supplies all over the United States. Indeed, it
is freely predicted by stock men that meats will never
again be very cheap in the United States, owing to
the curtailment of the great ranges during the past
several years, but while this may prove -true it is at
present mere prediction. The boot and shoe trade is
dull, with smaller orders, and hides and leather are
off in sympathy. The two lines making the best
showing are lumber and hardware, both of which are
reported unusually active and at good prices. The
iron and steel trades have been gradually quieting
down for some weeks, and while production and con
sumption are still heavy, a significant feature is the
reselling of some consumers, who find themselves
overbought for their trade. Clothing is dull as far
as men's wear is concerned,, but the ladies are still
buying new clothes right along as usual, for their
branch of the business shows no falling off.
HESITATION IN EASTERN TRADE.
• That is the kind of contest now being carried on
in one of the greatest States - in . the Union. • It : is
hardly necessary to point out that Illinois will have
much business of her own for her Legislature to at
tend to next winter, and it is desirable from every
point of view that the legislators be chosen for
their fitness to perform that work. Yet as we per
ceive they, are 'going to be chosen for quite a' different
purpose. .The dominant issue is. not whether this or
that candidate is- fit to legislate for Illinois, but
whether he will vote for Mason or some other man
for"Senatpr. Moreover, when the Legislature meets a
large part of its time will be given to the election of
the Senator instead of State legislation!. Surely it is
time to put an end to a system which produces such
evils as these.
At the -present, time the workers of the various
candidates are in the field pledging men right and
left to their candidates, and parceling out not only
State but county offices in exchange for. support for
the legislative candidate.
Discussing the methods by \vhich the 'struggle is
being carried on the New York Press says:
Methods of obtaining these pledges In advance of a
nomination to the Legislature vary. . • Sometimes an ob
scure man, honest but ambitious— not always both— is
nominated In a close "district through the influence of a
millionaire, candidate who wants his vote for the Sen
ate and frankly says so before he gives him the nom
ination. Then a check for $5000 or 510,000 is sent to the
legislative campaign managers. . Every cent of.it no
doubt Is spent (in one way or another) to elect the can
didate, which is done. The legislator feels tied hand
and foot to the. campaign contributor, and will stick to
him loyally through a long caucus deadlock; and he
will not have much trouble in making himself feel that
he has not accepted a bribe. 'Another candidate : prom
ises to get a fine Federal appointment for the friend of
another legislative nominee or for the nominee himself,
and so wins his unfaltering support. ') He would resent
fiercely the suggestion that his course involved anything
dishonorable. In States 'Where bribery Is looked upon
as immoral or— in aggravated cases— as even indictable
It . Is a much safer plan than the Montana method of
open and conspicuous purchase of votes outright.' Also,
It Is more satisfactory; for, while votes bought coarsely
at the door of the caucus chamber are not sure to stay
bought, those delicately acquired before 'the nominating
conventions will be? enthusiastic and inalienable. \ Now
adays only slovenly ' maneuyerers ? like • some of the
newly rich of political society; eat the. Senate : pie with
their knives. ' "' ' '. ' * •• ' ' "'
The Legislature which 'assembles in Illinois next
winter is to elect a successor to Senator. .Mason.
The men who, are to compose that Legislature axe
to be elected this fall. A number of tirong candi
dates are eager for the Senatorship, and the conse
quence is the contest for the place, has already begun,
so that it is fairly certain every nomination, for the
Legislature made in. Illinois this summer will be de
termined not so much by the fitness of the candi
date for legislative work as by the alliance he may
have with this or that Senatorial aspirant.
WHILE the Senators are discussing the ad
visability of amending the constitution so
as to provide for the election of United
States Senators by direct vote of the people, a cam
paign is now: going on in Illinois which illustrates
some of the many detects of the present system, for it
dearly reveals the , extent to which the' election of
Senators, by the Legislature compels the subordina
tion of the Legislature itself to Senatorial . contests,
j with a consequent; injury to State affairs. • • , T
AN ILLINOIS ILLUSTRATION.
A\ dashing damsel of the, smart set of New York
appeared at a lawn party in one of the Southern win
ter resort* the other day wearing a riding coat, trous
ers and high boots, and now the whole South is shak
ing at the menace to civilization.
MONDAY : .MARCH 31. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
ICinzt All Ccmccnittliera Ic W. S. LIAKS. ITaatger.
MAA'AGER'S OFFICE TelepUone Prciw 2O4
I'l'IILICATIO.V OFFICE... >I«rUet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Prcs* 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered »»y Cnrrlerx, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnprl*.- Copien. S CentK.
Tor-iii* l»y 3Is«iJ, Including J'osinpr**:
DAILY CALL «nclu<Nns Sunday), one year SO. 00
t DAILY CALL <i3chii!:ng Sundar). <$ months 3.00
DAILY CALL (!nclucli=5 Sunday). 3 months. 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. On» Y*ar. . 1-50
tVEEKLT CALL. One Year.; 1.00
All postmasters fire authorized to receive
unbncrlptions.
f-atnple copies will he 'orwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers *n ordering change of address should be
particular to ci^e both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE X11S Broadway
C. GEOUGB KUOGXESS.
Ktctgtr Fe reign Advertising. Xargstttt Bnildia;. Chic&ji
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2019.")
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:'
C. C. CAKLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEX B. SMITH.. 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman. House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel ;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .... 14O6 G St., W. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
JCEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. . ...
11HA\CH OFFICES^Sn Montgomery, corner or Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock, j 300 Hayes, open until "9:30 o'clock. «3C
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Killmore. open until 9 p. m.
AMERICAN WARSHIP BUILDERS "THINK IN FEET
AND INCHES," SAYS CHIEF CONSTRUCTOR BOWLES
Our American colony in the islands has
seme delightful times and I understand
that the belles, who lead everything so
cially are the Misses Macfarlane and Miss
Juliette King. Mies King^s
to Mr.'Kimball.of -Boston iv therefore, of
espebial inferest;' to -'her.; friends. ';¦.¦ Miss
King is an .Eastern girl jagflj charmingly
bred.' She^was formerly. engaged to Cap
tain^ HIrsh; Ur S. A., who Is; stationed* in
Honolulu, but'the new. love seems stro'ng
erUhanvthe old.'and has
won* the. promise of the fair Juliette.
¦'^"T^"'-''- ••:'*•' '¦•'•¦';?':•.¦¦¦.¦;.¦_
Everybody seems glad I to have Mrs.
Robinson Riley back again. "She was'fair
to look upon as Genevleve Goad, then as
Mrs. Martin and now as Mrs. Riley . she
seems more beautiful than ever, notwith
standing all the sorrow that has come to
her. I have"* heard that Mr. and Mrs.
That elaborate coat of black Chantllly
lace^over silver cloth is one of the hand
somest things I . have seen Mrs. . Magee
wear. There are two deep collars of the
lace. The standing one is lined with
shirred white chiffon. The > coat is a
warm double-breasted affair, and when
thrown open shows two wide white
revers, the length of the front, trimmed
with diagonal rows of narrow black vel
vet ribbon and small white lace squares,
embroidered in silver spangles.
• • • • • . •
Somehow no qne can ; see Mrs. Thomas
Magee Jr. without marveling at the
beauty of her figure and the elegance of
her gowns. She has a way of wearing
her gowns tHat " gives her a style quite
her own and few in San Francisco can
approach her. I heard an artist pro
nounce Mrs. Magee's spang-led black prin
cess gown the most artistic costume he
had ever seen. The gown came out from
New York for the Mardi Gras ball. The
subject is "Night" and the idea is skill
fully worked out. -It is a. clinging princess
affair of black, closely embroidered in
silver spangles. ' On the trailing flounces
of black chiffon are silver stars, owls and
moons, solidly embroidered in silver. A
black drapery of chiffon spanglad with
stars falls from one shoulder, and on the
bodice is a miniature incandescent lamp,
which flashes out whenever the wearer
presses the switch In her left hand. Mrs.
Magee ¦wears her hair powdered and shin
ing with diamond dust with this costume
and the jewels worn are the handsomest
of diamond star. * ; -.
WITH the happy Eastertide and
its subsequent engagements we
have Mrs.-.Llnda H. Bryan and
Miss Mabel Toy back again to
enjoy a round af gayety till , the
end of the season. The popular ladies re
turned yesterday from a six weeks' "rest"
at the . beautiful home of. Mrs. Bryan's
mother, Mrs. Felton, at Mazatlan, Mexico,,
but after hearing a word or two -about the
trip one is readily convinced that there
was very little resting - done. If you do
not believe that '¦. the American girl can be
energetic and athletic, just note this case,
where, in addition | to the uaual pleasure
excursions.-there were various adventures,
hunting • sharks and capturing live alli
gators i that are more than thrilling, and
it certainly behooves the average flycast.
Ing sportsman to go "way back" and hunt:
up a new stock \ of stories that will haye
a live interest after 'hearing these new,
ones. :
Three sharks were killed in one day by
a little party - of ; -{five, including Mrs.
Bryan, Miss Toy .V Dr. .Moore, Stewart
Rawlins . and anj^Eastern chap, whose
name I do not rernemberr I have' heard\
that they .went three or four miles out in
a rowboat, not; thinking of danger, and
having! met with, success, felt amply re
warded for their pains. Then another
day came : the alligator .hunt. I don't
know how many miles the young -people"
drove, but they bagged five saurians, some
of which were taken alive. One alligator,
more than -eleven feet long, was killed
with three shots, and the young ladles
•have/the skin, from which all sorts of
presents will be expected by their friends.
These are only two of their many ex
periences, all of. which were thoroughly
enjoyable, ; for they have a good time
wherever they are, and it Is probably the
sunshine they radiate that accounts for
their being so immensely likeable.
SOCIETY WOMEN ENJOY HUNTS
FOR SHARKS AND ALLIGATORS
Golden Gate avenue and Van Ness avenue, being
the principal driveways of the city, ought to be kept
always in a first-class condition for riding and driv
ing. Even if there were no throng of visitors ex
pected this summer to ride or drive along them, the
demands of our own people should be sufficient to
prompt the board to action. Mayor Schmitz has
shown a commendable earnestness in calling other
officials of the municipality to a realizing sense of
their duties, and it will be worth his. while to give his
attention to the Board of Works. It is about as
negligent a board as can be found In the 'whole
range of the municipal administration.
work, to show that they are at least trying to earn
the money they draw from the taxpayers, and making
an effort to justify the Mayor who selected them for
the office.
The members of the Board of Works must be
aware they were not appointed solely for the pur
pose of providing them with salaried and an official
position sufficiently high to give them a dignity equal
to the salary. It was the intention of the framers of
the charter that the members of the board and the
officers and employes of the department should at
tend to public work, and among other things keep
the streets in order. No vast amount of energy is
demanded of them, not- is it required for them to lie
awake at night to find work to perform. They can
hardly go out upon the streets without seeing before
their eyes some need of repairs or cleaning. They
have a considerable force at their disposal and they
dispense large sums in salaries. Surely it is but just
they should do something in the way of genuine
From persons riding or driving along Van Ness
avenue or Golden Gate avenue complaints of the bad
condition of those great thoroughfares are numerous.
In many places along Golden Gate'avenuethe as
phalt pavement is so lumpy and irregular that the
drive along it is but a succession of jolts and jarrings .
from start to finish. Van Ness avenue is marred by
the fact that the streets that cross it are not on a"
level with the avenue iself, so that there is always a
jar every time a carriage makes the crossing. Further
more, the streets are not kept clean and consequently
are often slippery as well as dirty, so that horses
moving at any speed frequently slip and fall.
The members of the board are good men indi
vidually, and it is somewhat surprising they should be
so inefficient as a board.. They appear to-be diligent
as officials only in drawing their own salaries and in
dispensing salariesto others. Some of the most im
portant thoroughfares in the city are so grossly negT;
lected as to have become well nigh dangerous, and
streets and avenues that have been especially .'de
signed for pleasure driving and riding are now in
such a condition" as render the passage of the most
carefully constructed vehicle, even when the wheels
are protected by pneumatic tires, a matter of any
thing but pleasure, to the occupants.
S ! AN FRANCISCO will receive 'many thousands
of, visitors during the coming summer. It is
estimated that the meetings 'of the^ Mystic
Shriners and the Knights of Pythias \alqrie will bring
upward of 100,000 men and women to the city. Many
of them will be strangers, who will see San Fran
cisco for. the first' time, and will scrutinize it closely
to learn how it compares with cities of the East. As
they will not remain long enough to enter' extensively
into our social life, they will necessarily judge the
city mainly from the outside. Their impressions will
be derived from the si reets, and they will pronounce
judgment upon us accordingly. Such being the case,
the people have a right to look to the Board of Pub
lic Works for a prompt display of energy in putting
the streets into' good condition.
. ~ - . . . • .. . ~~ ; — ¦ — 7~ — ~ — "777
is almost; universal.' The ordinary pates are admitted
by their manufacturers to consist largely of pork, but
in the absence of official standards to guide us .it
would seem wise , to place them in the ; same class as
sausages, where all that is expected is- that only
sound, wholesome meat shall be employed."
Whatever' objection.'may^be found to the technical
chemical terms used" in the report elsewhere, no one
can deny the clearness of that statement" When a
pate de foie gras is . called a sausage everybody can ,
understand it. .The- only question remaining is that
of getting the thing labeled properly; but that might
be objected to even by : the consumer, for it would
never taste so good again as* it did in the old days
when it ; \vas supposed "to .be 'a goose: liver and had
a name renowned in. the literature of epicures.
A NEGLIGENT BOARD.
THE SAN FBAJSTCISCO CAI^, MONDAY, .iMARGH 31, 1902.
' Quality makes price. Were Burnett's Vanilla
Extract no better than other extracts Its prlc«
would be the same. Once tried always used.
'HOTEL DEX. COROXADO, choicest Wlntei
Resort In the world, offers best living:, climate,
' boating. • ' bathing ; ' fish! ne and ¦ most < - amuse
inienta. E.-S. Babcock. manager, Coconado, Cal.
Prismatic Lake, In the Yellowstone Na
tional Park, la the largest body of hot
•water in the world.
. M. Sully . Prudhomme of the French
Academy is going to turn the J200.COO No
bel prize, which he has just received. Into
a fund for the anonymous publication of
.poems by young poets who cannot find a
publisher. The Societe des Gens de Let
tres will have to pick out the poems. "
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Christian."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Empress Theodora."
Fischer's Theater — "Little Christopher." *
California— Al. G. Field Greater Minstrels.
• Tlvoli— "The Serenade."
Central — "The Sleeptns City."
Alcazar — "Brother John."
Eherman-Clay Hall— Sonc Recital, Tuesday night, April 1.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hlg-h and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent; T. % '.
- NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city' front (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and .Tide.
MONDAY, MARCH 31.
NOTE — la tho above exposition of tb« tides
the early moraine: tides are Riven In tht left
hand column and tho successive ' tides of the
day tn the order of occurrence as to time; the
'fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tl<!e». as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the foundings cf the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
i slffli precedes the helajht. and then the number
given Is subtracted from the. depth given . by
the charts. The plane ' of reftrence Is the mean
of the lower low waters. >£MM«MMf
Sun rlies s:50
Sun sets e:3i
Moon rlafg (third quarter) ....0:30 a. m.
IIEDD1NQ, March 30.— Joseph Stewart,
a former: resident : of ; Redding and Dela
mar.having been on* of .the original own
ers in theftownslteof Delamar, *is prob
ably 'lost In 'the wilds of Southern Ore
gon. Such is •¦ the tiewa that has reached
his brother,. John. Stewart, of ; Redding.
From particulars at hand tho case aeems
to be -nearly, identical with that; of' Leon
McDonald, whose skeleton was recently
found in. the Bully Hill region. Ten days'
ago Joseph. Stewart left his ' home on
Rogue -River in Oregon and he has not
since i been ¦ heard : - from by his friends.
SAN JOSE,. March 30.— Although, but 17
years of age, after thrfee years of alleged
neglect Belle EnosV has brought' suit
against Antone Enos for divorce. ' The
parties live at Palo Alto. . >
Mr3. Enos, who was married. before she
was 14 year3 of age, is not 'yet -of age.
and it became necessary; for her to ob
tain a guardian, by whom she could bring
suit for divorce. This was done and Mrs.
Enoa appears ,. in > tho suit through Eliza
beth-P. Blair, guardian ad lltem. There
Is. a -child three « years old as a result of
the marriage.' Mrs. Enos charges her hus
band; with failure to provide and neglect
of herself and child. -•'"."•*
May Be Lost in the Wilds.
Girl Who Was Married When Four-
teen Years Old Applies
for Divorce.
YOUNG - WIFE DECLARES
SHE HAS BEEN : NEGLECTED
COOS HAY— Arrived March 30-^Stmr Al
liance; from Eureka.
• BANDON— -Sailed March 30-;-Stmr Mandalay
for 1 Ban 'Francisco.
KAHULUI— In port March 17— Bktn Wrest
ler. ¦ ?-" '- ¦¦'¦ W*tf" jHMWUUi 8 1 'TV- -
NEAH BAY— Pawed out March 30— Bark C
D Bryant; from, Seattle, for Honolulu.
¦:•," Paused In March 110— Stmr Santa Ana,* hence
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBO8, March 30, 10 p m— Weather
liaiyj wind ; west, velocity 10 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Sunday, March 30."
Stmr Snokane, Gielow, for San. Diego.
•' Stmr Eureka, Jetaen, for Eureka.
Rtmr Jennie, Esier. for Cooks Inlet.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnscn, for Fort
Er»igg. ¦* ¦'
Stmr* Enterprire. • Miller, for Hllo.
' , Htnir Samoa, Madsen, for .
Btmr Navarro, LNsvltt.- for — -.
Ship Star of. Russia, Llndberg. for Kartuk.
Br ship Chlltonford. Atkinson, for Liverpool.
Hchr Sailor rBoy. Nielsen, for Tacoma. -
SchrHelene. Christiansen, for Honolulu.
Schr Etta < H. Campbell, for Bodega,
Schr Albert Meyer. Nllson. for liallard.
Schr ¦ Alcalde, Johnaon, for . ¦
. TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, C3 hours from Colum
bia River. ..'••¦¦' ¦
- Stmr Crescent City. Payne, 33 hours from
Crescent City.
; Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, 9 hours from
Rules Landlnc-
Stmr National City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort Brarrs.
Stmr City of Sidney, McLean, 24 days and
18 hours from Panama and way ports.' ; ¦
Stmr Luella, Olsen, 14 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Arcata, ¦ Nelson, 40 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 41 hours.
¦¦Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 30 hours from Mos*
Landing. \ „
Stmr State of California,' Thomas. 44 hours
from San - Diego and way ports.
¦ Stmr Aberdeen, Higslns, 40 hours from
Hueneme. ¦¦-.•' , ¦
Stmr Curacao. Paulsen, 10 days from Guay
m;ip, via Ensenada 40 \% hours. > ,
Stmr Weatport, Erlckeon. 27.houi« from Eu
reka. ¦..'¦'. ¦ *
Stmr Hyade*. Garllck. 21 days from Hono
lulu, via Kahulul 12V4 days.
U S stmr Kl'.patrtck. Rogers, 30 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 21 days.
. Schr Barbara Hernster. Beniston, 30 hours
from Eureka. ••
Sunday/March 30.
, Shi ence.
pping Intellig
ARRIVED.
M. A.' Tucker, who is engaged in the boating
business on the water front, left yesterday for
Tacoma to ' attend tho funeral of . his father,
Charles Tucker, who was a well known lumber
merchant in that city, .
To Attend Father's Funeral.
William Kelly,, a stableman, living at 2321
Howard street and employed at a barn on Main
and Mission streets, was kicked In the stomach
by a horse yesterday. He was taken to the
Harbor Hospital and later removed to the
General Emergency HosDltal. where he died
at - midnight. He leaves a wife and several
children.' ¦ • ;-v.''
Horse's Kick Proves Fatal.
The steamship Enterprise, specially fitted up
for her new trade and equipped with the latest
thing in oil furnaces, sailed yesterday for Hllo.
The Enterprise is the first large vessel to un
dertake a long voyage with olL fuel. As far as
it has. been- posaiblB to test It,- this departure
from old methods works most successfully and
th« report of this voyage of the Enterprise is
likely to mark a new era in the history of steam
making at sea. . -. "v v-. ';¦-,'.-'
First Oil Burner on Long Voyage.
The steamship Curacao arrived yesterday
from Guaymas and way ports. She brought a
large cargo.' which included $1 50,000 in gold
and silver bullion, and passengers as follows:
L. W. Knight. Miss G. D. Knight. J. M. Loom
is. J. E. Came, Johnson Willing. G. M. Sully.
Mrs. F. S. Cook. Netta Cook, Mrs. D. Weller.
G. W. Thew, Mrs. G. W. Thew and child,
George Treat. Rebecca Harris, Mrs. Louis
Kaiser, Miss Dollle Kaiser and W. F. Anderson.
Brings Treasure From. Mexican Mines
These facts lend color to the story of
Harriman's connection with the project of
the San P^raneisco syndicate.
It is noticeable that the Mills syndicate
is not losing a day. in its work. Two strong
engineering forces will be sent out next
month. . One will complete surveys for
this year's extension to the foothills of
the Cascades. The other will run lines
through several passes in the Cascades.
The latter engineering party will be un
der J. J. Cryderman, . who Is more fa
miliar with the available routes through
the Cascades than any other engineer.
Next season's extension will be pushed
to Winthrop, Okanogan County, thereby
tapping the Methow and Okanogan min
ing districts-. This year's extension will
tap the Slate Creek and Mount Baker dis
tricts. The extension will connect at Spo
kane with the Oregon Railway and Nav
igation line, giving a through line for the
Harriman , roads to Bellingham Bay via
Huntington.. Walla Walla and Spokane
The Bellingham Bay Railroad has excel
lent terminals at Whatcom, the same be
ing nearly a. hundred miles nearer the
Straits of Fuca than the term!nals*of the
Northern Pacific and the Great Northern
Last year Harrlman sent Engineer V*'
Q. Bogue,- formerly chief engineer of the
Union Pacific, to Port Angeles to investi
gate the terminal situation there. It was
considered unfeasible to build from Port
land; to Port Angeles along the western
side of Puget Sound.
This State is now traversed by two
transcontinental railroads, the Northern
Pacific and the Great Northern. Just
across the boundary in British Columbia
stretches the Canadian Pacific. This con
sidered, it is unlikely that a fourth rail
road, would risk enormously expensive
building and tunneling through the Cas
cade Mountains unless .backed by power
ful interests as extensive as those of the
rival transcontinental roads north and
south of the proposed line.
TACOMA, March 30.— There is said to bo
reason for believing that the Harrlman
sys-tem of railroads either. has or eventu
ally will have some connection with tho
gigantic enterprise whereby D. O. Mills
of l^ew York, Alvinza Hayward and P.
B. Cornwall of San Francisco have de
cided to extend the Bellingham Bay and
British Columbia Railroad across the
Cascade Mountains to Okanogan County,
and probably to Spokane. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Railroad Magnate Seems
Interested in the
MgNorttt
H. Martlno, the third cook of the Paciflo
Mall Steamship City of Sydney, which arrived
yesterday.- from Panama, ran amuck on March
20, and after stabbing II. G. Allmade, another
cook, ¦; Jumped overboard and - was ¦ drowned.
Martino had been drinking heavily. - He arose
from his bunk early on the morning of the 26th
In an alcoholic frenzy. Selecting a formidable
looking knife from the galley, he - started
around the ship, looking for somebody to kill.
Fortunately for the passengers none of • them
indulged in early rising. Martino, finding no
human game on deck, proceeded to the room
of Allmade. the second cook. With a howl,
which fortunately awakened the sleeper,' he
rushed in and . proceeded to Jab his knife Into
the bedclothes. Allmade got as far back into
the bunk as possible but held the bedclothes
well to the front. The bedding was cut to rib
bons, but Allmade escaped with a few not very
serious wounds. From here Martlno went on
deck, dropped his knife and Jumped overboard.
His body was not recovered.
Murderous Cook on Sydney.
PROJECT SHOWS
HARRIMAN'S HAND
SAN JOSE, March 20.— Registration of
voters for the city election Is progressing
so slowly that, owing to a dispute as to
when registration closes, it Is feared
nearly 2000 voters may be disfranchised.
There are about K00 votes in the city
limits, and although registration for the
city election, which occurs May 19, has
been in progress about two months, only
3500 voters have registered. This leaves
at least 2000 yet to register.
There is some contention as to just
when iegistration closes and whether the
State law of 1899 or the city charter is to
apply to the time for closing the regis
tration. The point will have to be settled
In court. Under the State law the regis
tration would close on April 8. but under
the city charter the itme would be ex
tended to April 23. If It should be decid
ed that registration closes on April 8
many voters will probably lose their
vote. •-"•;¦¦'•,
Two Thousand Voters Are in Danger
of Disf rancbisement Because
of Their Apathy.
SAN JOSH'S CITIZENS
SHY AT BEGISTBATION
for S. H. & M. you pay the same pric^
and do not get a skirt binding equal in
quality and wear. S. H. & M. la stamped
on the back of every yard of the best
skirt binding made. *
If Tou Buy a Substitute .
TO ARRIVE.
The steamship City of Sydney arrived yes
terday from Panama and way ports. She was
twenty-four . hours . late. She brought eighteen
cabin passengers and thirty In the steerage.
She had 1300 tons of cargo and treasure valued
at $124,363. Among her passengers were:
William B. .Stork. Henry E. White. Francisco
Benitz, Amelia de Benitz, Pablo Duclerg,. Mrs.
E. W. Smith, Everett N. Bee. Bernard D. Gll
lon, John -Graham, Theodore S. Lawlor, John
Speak, Hamilton V. Bryan, Mrs. L. H. Bryan,
F. Linda. Bryan. Miss Mabel Toye. Miss Bella
Sturdevant, Le Roy Smith and Stuart Raw
lings.
City of Sydney From Panama.
Colonel M. Hooton, Major C. A. "Williams,
Captains Carl Reichman, V. K. Hart, William
D. Davla, M. Crowley ariti B. F. Hardaway;
Chaplain E P. Esterbrook, Lieutenants Arthur
Cranston, I. J. Carr, L. N. Rushfleld, H. P.
Hobbs, G..J. Nelson, L. Dewey; Captain F. H.
Graves, Lieutenants W. S. Patton. J. C.
Minus and C. J. Manly, assistant surgeon. U.
S. A.; Captains F. H. Schoefel and Captain
W. Edson Apple, assistant surgeon, U. S. V. ;
Lieutenant J. C. Broach U. S. M. C. ; Drs. J.
C Herrlck and J. E. Head, contract turgeon,
U. 8. A.; Miss Mary J. McCloud, Miss Lena
E. Kllllan, Miss Tessie Livingston, Miss Elolse
M. Weathers, Mrs. C. A. Williams and son,
Mrs. M. Crowley, Mrs. William D. Davis,
child and nurse; Miss Hobbs, Miss Landell,
Mrs. W. S. Graves and two children, Mrs. D.
D. Tompkins, Mrs. F. W. Benteen, Miss G. E.
Stewart, Mrs. W. T. Handy, and child. Mrs.
J. J. Peterson, Mrs. R. S. Porter, Mrs. A. R.
Cbenoweth, Miss Mayer, Mrs. Samuel L.
Gracey, two children of late Colonel B. F. Pope,
U. S. A.; Miss M. B. Bynum. Victor Emden,
W. B. Clark, H. H. Reynolds. John B. Mc-
Elroy/ H. p E. Wynne, Stephen Prime. William
DuMont. C. E.IIoye, Francisco Agcaoili and
Komarlo Agacoili.
The Kilpatrick passed through a heavy
storm on the voyage across, and on March
17 shipped a sea over the stern that
smashed' in the hospital and made things
uncomfortable for a while for the invalids.
There were four deaths during the trip.
Corporal Vernon Thompson of "Company
D, Twenty-first Infantry, died on March
17; Private Wilbur I. Leake of the Twen
ty-second Infantry died March 24*/Pri
vate Moses Stuart, Twenty-fourth In
fantry, died March 22; J. J. Riley. a civil
ian, died March 9, and Mrs. B. P. Pope,
who was returning home with the body
of her husband, the late Colonel B. F.
Pope, died March 19.
Francisco Agcaoili and his brother, Ro
mario, who came on the. vessel, are na
tives of the Philippines, and have been
brought here to receive an. American edu
cation. The Kilpatrick was. thirty days
from Manila and twenty-one days from
Nagasaki. Among the passengers were:
The United States army transport Kil
patrick arrived yesterday from Manila
with the headquarters band and four
companies— 15, F, O and H—of the Seven
teenth United States Infantry on board. In
addition, there were four casual com
panies, ninety invalids and four insane pa
tients. The transport brought Q21 passen
gers altogether. Among them were a
number; of army families, a few (school
teachers and two native Filipinos, who
have been brought here to be educated.
There were also fourteen jackies and ma
rines from the ships on the Asiatic sta
tion.
"I am sanguine," said Chief Wittman
yesterday, "that the Supervisors will se«
the wisdom of keeping the force up to It3
full strength, and I will use every effort
toward that end. . We are behind other
cities in the number of men according to
the population,, and this being a cosmo
politan city is the more reason' why we
should not be hampered by the lack of
men. I am anxious to see the eight-hour
system introduced, although it will not
help me personally, as I have to be here
all the time. In other large cities there
are inspectors who rank next to the Chief
and take charge during his absence from,
duty, and there should be at least two in
spectors here. I think the Police Com
missioners have the power under section
1, article 8 of the charter to appoint in
spectors, but that is a matter for their
consideration."
One of the new lieutenants would be
stationed at the Potrero and the other at
the Park station, his district to Include
the Park and the Richmond and Sunset
districts. The others are required in iha
Southern and Harbor districts.
On the same lines eleven lieutenants
would be required, instead of six, as at
present, and an additional captain. Two
captains are needed now — one to fill the
vacancy caused by the retirement of Cap
tain Glllin and another to fill the place
vacated by Chief Wittman.
The force at present consists of 505 men
of all ranks, but according to the popu
lation it should be 6S4. With this increased
force the Chief could at once Inaugurate
the eight-hour system, which, with the
existing force, has been found to be Im
practicable.
Believing that the Supervisors will place
the force on a proper footing in regard
to numbers, the Chief has included in the
estimates seventy corporals and sixty ser
geants. At present there are only twelvo
corporals and forty-five sergeants. The
increase in the number of sergeants would
be necessary because of the Increase in
the number of men, but the very largs
increase in the number of corporals is due
to the fact that a reform would be in
stituted in making corporals do active
street duty. They would assume the same
duty as roundsmen In the large Eastern
cities. They would go out with a squad
of men and leave each on his beat, ami
when reporting off they would take each
man from his beat and march with them
to the station. During the eight-hour
watch they would be under the direction
of the sergeant of the district to which
they are assigned. The Chief thinks the
time "has arrived in the history of the city
when this much-needed reform should be
instituted.
The introduction of the eight-hour sys
tem for policemen and other contemplated
Improvements in the force will depend
upon whether or not the Board of Su
pervisor* grants the appropriation asked
for by Chief Wittman.
VANCOUVER— Arrived March 3O— Br etmr
Kaisow, from Liverpool.
ACAPULCO— Sailed March 20— Br itmr
Colombia, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived March 30— Stmr City cf
Puebla, hence March 27.
Sailed March 30— Stmr Umatllla, for San
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 30— Stmr Rot
terdam, from Rotterdam and Boulosne Sur
Mer; stmr St Paul, from Southampton and
Cherbourg; etmr Umbrla, from Liverpool and
Queenstown.
MALTA — Passed March 30 — Stmr Moyune,
from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Hongkong,
Victoria, B C. and Seattle.
DOVER — Passed March 30 — Stmr Friedrlch
der Grcsss, from' Bremen, for Cherbours and
New Ycrk.
GIBRALTAR— Passed March 30— Stmr Phoe
nicia, from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
PRAW1.E POINT — Passed March, 30— Stmr
Rheln. from New York, for Bremen.
. LIVERPOOL — Arrived March 28 — Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston.
Arrived March 30 — Stmr Tauric, from New
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed March 30 — Stmr Lu
canla, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
New England, from Liverpool, for Boston.
BOWHEAD — Passed March 30 — Stmr Merlch.
from Boston, for Queenstown and Liverpool.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Captain F. H) fichoebel ot , the Ninth
Infantry arrived from the Philippines yes
terday, and la at the Occidental. H« is
looked upon by hH brother officer* .as
both a hero and & lucky man. He escaped
death after being wounded a number of
times in an ambush while serving on the
Island of Samar.
Captain Schoefel, with a detail of fif
teen men, was sent out In a wild district
attempting to capture a large party of
fnsurrectos. The officer, with three men,
was marching in advance, when the bolo
men swooped down upon them, and the
soldiers were overpowered by numbers.
The balance of the soldiers arrived short
ly, and a hand-to-hand fight ensued. Of
the party of fifteen brave American sol
diers, eight were killed, and all were more
or less wounded.
Captain Schoefel is crippled possibly for
life as a result of the fight. He has been
operated upon twice at Manila, and is now
going on to Washington for another op
eration. He is a handsome young officer,
and much sympathy was expressed »for
him as he painfully dragged himself
around the corridors of the hotel last
evening.
March 25, for Seattle: atmr Edith, hence
March 20. for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 29 — Stmr Excel
sior, for Valdes;.bark C D Bryant, tor Hono
lulu.
Arrived March 20 — Schr Solano. from Port
Townsend.
EUREKA— Arrived' March 30— Stmr Arctic,
hence March 29. • •-.-,>-
Sailed March 30 — Stmr Pomona, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed March 30— Fr barlt Ver
sailles, for Gueenstown; Br ship Sierra Ven
tana, for Queenjtown.
Sailed March ' Z>— Stmr Fulton, for San
Pedro. '
Arrived March SO— Sshr Anita, from — — .
Eight-Hour System Imprac
ticable Without Increase
Asked For.
Transport Brings More Than
000 Soldiers From the
Philippines.
sacre Eight of His
Soldiers at Samar.
Eolomon Ambush and Mas-
Captain Schoefel of the
Ninth Infantry
Arrives.
Reasons Given Why the
Force Should Be of
Full Strength.
Kilpatrick Arrives With
Part of Seventeenth
Infantry.
HERO RETURNS
BADLY WOUNDED
FIGHTERS HOME
FROM THE WARS
WITTMAN WANTS
MORE POLICEMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1902.
7
Steamer Movements.
Steamer. For. [ Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagwny & Way Ports. Mar. 30
Cottago City. Sknnway «: Way Ports. Mar. 31
City Topeka. iSka^way & Way Ports. Apr. 2
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Kara lion Skagway * Way Ports. Apr. S
City Seattle.. Skagtvay & Way Ports. Apr. A
Al-Kl .'. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 3
Steamer.
For.
- Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
I, . _
March 31.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 3
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Eontta Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
April 1.
S. Monica. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m|Pler U
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am; Pier 9
Meteor Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 27
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor. Pier —
April 2.
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coqullle River Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier U
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Argo Ferndale & Eel Rlv. 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork . Humboldt Ham Pier 2
April 3.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 0 am Pier 2
Newburg. .. Grays Harbor fi pm Pier 3
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J.S.Kimball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April 4.
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April Si
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Honolulu v. Seattle Pier —
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahului Pier —
April G.
Uinatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
April 7.
Alliance... Portland A.Way Pts Pier —
Curacao... Mexican Ports 110 am Pier 11
April 8. | |
G. Elder. .. Astoria & Portland! U am! Pier 21
Gaelic China £ Japan f 1 prnlPMSS
City Sydnej Panama & Way Pts] 12 m|PMSS
Hermonthis Hamburg & Way Pier —
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
Dae.
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 31
Newburg;.... Grays Harbor Mar. 31
North Fork.. Humboldt Mar. 31
Pleiades..... Seattle' Mar. 81
Phoenix...... Mendocino City Mar. 31
Columbia Portland & Astoria ....Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports . . Mar. 31
Pomona. ..... Humboldt Mar. 31
Crescent City Crescent City Mar. 31
Asuncion Tacoma '.'. Apr. 1
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 1
Victoria Oyster Harbor .7 Apr. 1
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 1
San Mateo... Nanalmo Apr. 1
M. Dollar.... San Pedro Apr. 1
Aztec Tacoma Apr. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Apr. 2
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 2
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 3
Hermonthis.. Seattle Apr. 3
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. SI
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 4
lions. Mara. China and Japan Apr. S
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. S
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Apr.' S
Chehalis Grays Harbor Apr. 8
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. ft
City Puebla. . Pugret Sound Ports Apr. 7
Acapulco. ... I Panama & Way Ports. | Apr. 7
D Time Time Time Time
•» Ft. Kt. Ft. Ft.
• . H.W - t, W H W L.W
31~ 3:60 4.8 11:00 1.1 O:?IC 4.0 11:17 8.1
1 4:4« 4.2 12:03 1.1 7:28 4.1
L W II W L.W . H W
2 0:23 fl.2 l:M 4.2 12:52 1.1 8:10 4.3
3 1:20 2.9 7:00 4.3 l:«0 1.1 8:46 4.7
4 2:00 2.S ft:13 4.4 2:.':n t.l 0:20 4.0
B 2:M 2.0 0:10 4.7 .1:11 1.2 0:82 9.1
6 3:39 1,0 10:02 4.ft| n-.Si 1.3 10:24 B.3
Steamer. For. [ Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagwny & Way Ports. Mar. 30
Cottago City. Sknnway «: Way Ports. Mar. 31
City Topeka. iSka^way & Way Ports. Apr. 2
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Kara lion Skagway * Way Ports. Apr. S
City Seattle.. Skagtvay & Way Ports. Apr. A
Al-Kl .'. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 3
Steamer.
For.
D Time Time Time Time
•» Ft. Kt. Ft. Ft.
• . H.W - t, W H W L.W
31~ 3:60 4.8 11:00 1.1 O:?IC 4.0 11:17 8.1
1 4:4« 4.2 12:03 1.1 7:28 4.1
L W II W L.W . H W
2 0:23 fl.2 l:M 4.2 12:52 1.1 8:10 4.3
3 1:20 2.9 7:00 4.3 l:«0 1.1 8:46 4.7
4 2:00 2.S ft:13 4.4 2:.':n t.l 0:20 4.0
B 2:M 2.0 0:10 4.7 .1:11 1.2 0:82 9.1
6 3:39 1,0 10:02 4.ft| n-.Si 1.3 10:24 B.3
- Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
I, . _
March 31.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 3
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Eontta Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
April 1.
S. Monica. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m|Pler U
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am; Pier 9
Meteor Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 27
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor. Pier —
April 2.
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coqullle River Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier U
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Argo Ferndale & Eel Rlv. 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork . Humboldt Ham Pier 2
April 3.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 0 am Pier 2
Newburg. .. Grays Harbor fi pm Pier 3
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J.S.Kimball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April 4.
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April Si
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Honolulu v. Seattle Pier —
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahului Pier —
April G.
Uinatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
April 7.
Alliance... Portland A.Way Pts Pier —
Curacao... Mexican Ports 110 am Pier 11
April 8. | |
G. Elder. .. Astoria & Portland! U am! Pier 21
Gaelic China £ Japan f 1 prnlPMSS
City Sydnej Panama & Way Pts] 12 m|PMSS
Hermonthis Hamburg & Way Pier —
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
Dae.
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 31
Newburg;.... Grays Harbor Mar. 31
North Fork.. Humboldt Mar. 31
Pleiades..... Seattle' Mar. 81
Phoenix...... Mendocino City Mar. 31
Columbia Portland & Astoria ....Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports . . Mar. 31
Pomona. ..... Humboldt Mar. 31
Crescent City Crescent City Mar. 31
Asuncion Tacoma '.'. Apr. 1
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 1
Victoria Oyster Harbor .7 Apr. 1
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 1
San Mateo... Nanalmo Apr. 1
M. Dollar.... San Pedro Apr. 1
Aztec Tacoma Apr. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Apr. 2
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 2
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 3
Hermonthis.. Seattle Apr. 3
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. SI
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 4
lions. Mara. China and Japan Apr. S
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. S
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Apr.' S
Chehalis Grays Harbor Apr. 8
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. ft
City Puebla. . Pugret Sound Ports Apr. 7
Acapulco. ... I Panama & Way Ports. | Apr. 7
¦ . .- HIrVBVIVBPNsHHHpnHaHSicuBf.
M Corner Sixteenth and* Mission. Streets / . '
C/arpets, Room - Rugs, % Mattings
; First Show Days of the Sprlncr Goods
Which means that the best selections of the season will be this week.
Matting buyers will find an especially interesting bargain in our new Japanese
fcaU^j^^P^^^pH Mattings, with full cotton chain, worth 2?c and 30c a yard, in roll lots only, 40-
V*^^^Wffi2&5& yard rolls ' S7 -°°5 20-yard rolls, S4.00. That's only one bargain instance— there
P^s^^^§0\ are hundreds - ¦• .
Rece P tion Ha » Rugs— Brussels Maple Rugs-
fy -»^^^^*^4^PeC^^ Witt mitcr-corner made from the best Velvet, Brussels 9 by 12 feet; rich, elegant patterns in colors
kS'^fe®^^&r v^S^lfcl and Azrcinster Carpete; eix feet wide, radons -_ _ to sait all rooms; the lowest price ever SJ'J/1 f|fi|
; teSwSiaR^&S^ IeDgtb8: n0W ° n!y ?15 -°°' 1200 and %J Sfl «™d tor equal grades VU
¦fSSi^Sfe^S^D/s-'o a vt i "r^ '« Royal Wilton Room Rugs—
mSSS^^^M y BrUSSeIS R °° m RU 2 S - No sLs; woven all in one piece; size 9 feet
' ii^^^i^^^^^iKi SiZe 8 fW>t 3 iDChwl bj 12 fWt; made frOm th ° Tery be3t grad% of bv 12 feet: Oriental designg and coloring, C Q "I t fl
ttf$P>£ffi^m!5$£4^* Bod 7 Brussels, wfthmitor-coraer borders; predominate. The $42.50 grade VJJJ^.^U
'¦ yM^SuJ^K'^ajf^Si the " me P >8(J « and patterns that would cost (hi T A A . "i.v:
•^W^^@B%WH- ?21ifmadeto y onrorderoff^n»ii; prica vpij.UU Wo01 In 2 rain Carpet-
f/^^filZ^ti' Z0W ** Regular 80c and 85c grades, not remnants, but cut off S p*
¦SwS5S8K^Sj§ Door a "d Dresser Rugs— Made From per ".!£ \ 05C
W&0iMt$£*$M Remnants 0f Brussels- WiIton VeIvet Carpet- r
fc^^fe^^^^^i^S • * P " J •••"' 4.1 If special lot - /kf
{Vrffi—^^ fey CySS^^^y - ••"••»••»•••••••••••••••••••••••••€••••.•••?. ...................... A W at ....• * *s\?
Adra^ an Rugs — Arlington Imperial Axminster Rugs —
l (iM£Sr^ A " ma<3e ° f pUre EASTEBN WOOL after the style of ORIENTAL These Rogj are made by the Bigelow Lowell Mills, in tha quality
f£^Kt®^V^fc^5fr^?S! EU^ 3 » aD<i w "ven in breadth* carefully sewed together; no of Imperial Bigelow Axminsters. We are the only San Fran-
'^^^^t^^llfc^V^tsS! miters J ™ tne Adrahan Rug the manufacturers have produced a cisco house handling the full iine of these ohbrated Rugs, be-
!^S?IS»fi'^^^5^§S»Q * abr!c Bo rich and perfect in color effects that many of them are cause another leading furniture hoase DROPPED THE LINE
more beautifnl than the finest Oriental Rug*. Even experts are when he heard of us handling the goods. Do you sea the point ?
5 *^^^ compelled to examine closely in order t« tell the difference— and We would sell them so cheap, and so we /t> r| b* A A
5sit2i^i^§^r7^^^sl the price is but a trifla ia comparison. do. Regular down-town price, $42.50; Mk < t I IS I
W)^§s%^&* In Large Carpet Sizes -- Pafclosien ' s price * • •'
46x7 - $ 80 ° 6:9x10 $ 8 30 Sanfords-Bauvais Axminster Rugs —
8:3x10^ $25.00 9x12 ,..$30.00 Sizes 9x12, $ 24.0 O-Others ask ?27-00.
10:6xl2 $37.50 11:3x14 $45.00 Sizes 8:3x10:6,. $22.OO-Others ask $25.00.
n<9-WF DAY CI\C|/-|IT Al.op.ck.nd.hlp «r»o«J«fro4 j -^^MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED WHEN ACCOM-
3=3^ TlL "Al rKLlllIll slm FMncUw 111 l0UnllIe * of (j^g^PANIED BY CHECK^ OR MONEY ORDER PAYABLE. TO
Cor. 16th and Mission. §-*/\ | I I l^% I 1*1^ tS? V-/I I Cor - 16thand Mission.
OCEAUT TBAVEI*.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•kin curative. Best for the complexion. Res-
tor the. bath. Best for the baby Best for th.
hair. Large cakes 16c. Trial size Be; all drur
Kists'. Munyon's Hemedies are positive cure
Advice and Guide to Health free by mail.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
KUBY01TS IliHALEB 0DEE3 0ATABBH.
It Is the Best Toil
>6g^DEWEy t STRON6&C0U#gB!^
.'i*iw hi swim z^oTg-rt^yC
MARKET ST. SF. *&K^
j^ Steamers leave Broadway
raw- Wharf, San Francisco:
IXgJ&tW For Ketchlkan, Juceau.
UKSfcPSBt"**. Ekagway, etc., Alaska — 11
RFSMtSa a. tn.. March 27. April 1.
EsVS^l Change to company'* steam-
f jSK^J^KSi ens at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
P°rt Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, New What-
com — 11 a. rn., March 27. April 1. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. Iff* Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
March 28. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Sant%
Barbara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo
<Los Angelec) — Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m.;
. State of California, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. 6an Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Ventura.
Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport CBonita only).
Bonlta, 9 a. m,, March 31, April 8.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. March 27. April 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jcee del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder. £tt5
Right is reserved to change steamers or
Balling dates.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
®mi, VIGOit, VITALITY tor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cjgarette-smoklng. Cure Lost
. Manhood, Impotency, . Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, es j*\ Varicocele or Con-
stipation. StopNer *3ffJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are '£!.¦££. Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CKNTO ncy t0 ev func _
tlon. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
52 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis at '
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO SS
and 40 Third st. '\Zf.
Wednesday, June 4th, 1002
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and paesage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Aeent.
Tuesday. April 15th, l»02
ES. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th, 1002
SS. AMERICA MARU.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. rn
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
Balling.
SS. HONGKONG MARU........
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ch W51HASKaTST.t«.6:r.i7±,S.F.Cil.
,,, TI ?S LwBOtt Anatomical Museum ia the
Mt9p&-+. Wori "- Weaknei-e* or any cuniracted
Jl? Ua sSSiKi'.'h'r' 1 ' "'•* toy the ;3de«
#0 S3 1 Specialiit on the Co«t- list. 36 ye »rs. 1
JXl D3 * JOSDAH-DISEASES OF MEN
f«^B Cotmilti'.icTi fres and strlrtly rrivite
J IrtE fl ' r **:ment pertonally or by letter A
S ft ll a ¦ ArtWr « Ctartln every case underukeii. '
P/f llff Write for Book. PKILOituraYor
II II ¦inniACI!, MAILED FREE. fA 1
a (^ valuable book for mm) .¦ ~^- -
JDB. iOBDAHft€O., 1051 MnrfcetSt.8. F. '
To Valparaiso, stopping- . at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Dler 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA ..April 8IGUATEMALA.. Apr. —
TUCAPEL ...April 19IPALENA May —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight and
passenger office. 31G California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Dia Slid Americana d? Vapores
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle-
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOVV'J fcOOTHIIVG SYRUP
has been usefl for over SIXTY YEARS bv
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD," SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; Cl/RES WIVD
COLIC, and is the best remedy for DIAR
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists In every part ol
the world. Be »ure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
PANAMA R. R. s S ff
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 7105; Steerage, $40: Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw Sails Friday. Mar. 28
S. S. Argyll Sails Friday, May 2
From Howard-street Wharf, Pier 10, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
«y.mody_ for Qonorrhos"
ASgi^ CUIiLS yM Whiten, unnatural di«-
B88gr In 1 to Kays. « charcuR, or any intlttmmt.-
tisffB Qmttauod t« mt tlon, irritation or ulcera-
B*—<fl Prtrcnt «oot»ii«n. t [° n °* ni'icoue mflm-
JB|THEn»A»8 CheuicalCo. n«i rl^ nt -
or font , n plflln wrn
y»fff&^ V. 8. A. Jgm l>y expreim. prepaid, for
igmyfrZrrtgPffl 11.00 or 3 boitles, |i.75.
a Circular font on requost.
SlCCif iStC^.d.l^tl^ ZEALAND mo SYDHEY
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thura,, April 10, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, April 10, 2 p. tn.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
• Sunday, May 4, 10 a. m.
1. D. SPRICKELS & BROS. CO., General Azts., 329 Market
Gin'l Pass. (Wee, 643 Market si, Pier Ho. 7. Pacific st
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
"9:48 a. tn., ,8:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. tn., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Yallejo 7 n. rn., 12:30 noon, 0 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a; m., 4:15 p. tn. Fare 50
cents. . Telephone Main 1S0S. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.«sa«stntiMMW«nKHaNssM'MB«aBM
BAY AND RIVER 'STEAMEHS.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
RADWAY'S nKADY KI2MICF has stood
unrivaled before th« public ¦ for : 60 years as a
Pain Itemedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Uron-
chttls, Pneumonia, Kheumattsm, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothacho , and all (pain. > Internally
for Malaria and all riorrd Pains. All druggists;
Soutbwark.Apr. 3, noon I V'aderland.Apr. 16,noon
- Pennland . Apr. 14.3 junisTi I MnMijimfciDMssOM
. XNTEKNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Chas. D. Taylor. O. A. P. C, 30 Montgomery.
3EIXXX> STAll XjXKTXI.
NEW YORK— ANTWEItP— PAUIfl.
. NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
St. Louis. Apr. 11.10 am:JU. Paul..Apr.23,10 am
I'hlladfl . Apr. 16.10 am 'St. Loul».Apr.:!0,10 am
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTIONSALE
;.OF THE.V
GIMP
Collection
..OF EUROPEAN..
WILL CONII.MUE
MONDAY, TUESDAY and
WEDNESDAY EVENINGS
At 8 o'clock.
Also TUESDAY and WEDNES-
DAY AFfERNOONS at
2 o'clock.
Native Sons' Hall
. 41 4*MAS0N STREET,
A. LOUDERBAOC,
® DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
. Established 1S81. Con.
¦ultatlon and private boolc
free at offlco or by mall.
This «lgnattir3 la on erery box of the geiittttt*
i Laxative Brorao-Quinine ?»*»«*»
Wt remedy that core* m cold la on« da*
COXFAQKIE GEXERALZ TRANSiTMNTlQUE.
DIKrCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jp^w
f-alllns rxr.ry Thurnday. Instead ,,t <£%JXTfo
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, <»«™™»
North Klver, foot of Morton street.
Flrct class to Havre. (70 and upward. Brcond
rla»s to Havre. $45 and upward. : GKNKHAJ,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson bulldlnic), New
York. J. F. FUQAZI It CO.. Pacific Coast
AfiTiii", C Montcomcry avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Jtallrond Ticket Aeeala.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
» PORTLAND, Or.;
And Short Roll Line From Portland to All
' Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship snd Rail, at
ZiOWXiBO. 1 XtATilS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
*ia. COLUMBIA Balls April 3. 13. 23
KS. GEO. \V. ELDER Satis
Mar. 29. April 8. 18. 28
FtiMiTOf-r sail* from foot of Epear St., 11 a. in.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. G«n. Agt.. 1 Monif'y.S. F.
O..R..6L N. CO.
SENATOR JUKE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter durlns the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31, re-
spectively, connect with above steamer*. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loan,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
gomery street fPalae* Kctel). ¦ ; •
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. ,
LEAVE SEATTLE.
FOR
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Only $60. including meals and berth, for the
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th, due back April 27th,
- calling at ENSENADA. MAGDALENA BAT.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN, AL-
TATA. LA PAZ. 6ANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
- For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
__!
Men'sDiseases
UK*
TALCOTT
m
o
99T Market St., s^t r h
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.In 'horsemanship and in the knowledge -;
of the game there was little to j choose
THE , polo team of the Hurlingham
C}ub, England, I defeated ' the red-
Jacketed Bur lingame clubmen "on :
the polo field, yesterday ; by; a
.score of four to. three. ; The match',was
¦pronounced the fastest, fiercest, -clever
est ever played' on the Burlingrame jjj field; '
which has been 'the scene, of niany'seni
satlonai games."; The match last year be- !
tween teams representing the same: clubs
was won by , Burllngame by. a score .of :
six to four. ' -. ;• . • . ¦ ;-, ,; ; .
The teams. were made ¦ up. as .follows:
Burlingame— R. M. vTbbjn, / J., p. ,Tobin]
T. A. Driscolland-W. S.Hobart; Hur
lingham—Lawrence : McCreery, ;F. Men
zies, Charles Wheeler , and ,T. B. Dry^
brough. . _. :,. - : ¦ -, • , »
LOWELL, , Mass., March . .10.— All - of ,". the'
beamers, weavers, cotton, spinners and loom
fixers have voted to return to .work to-morrow
morning.
PHILADELPHIA, March , 30.— Tommy
White, the batam-weight, who was beaten
into insensibility by » Tom Markey duf ine
A - .2, lx ;. r0U^ d K b , 0Ut :a . t w the Knickerbocker
Athletic Club last night.- was reported to
be : much ! improved to-night. He regained
consciousness ; during ;the- day
Tommy, White Improving.
KANSAS " CITY, . March 30.— President
Whitfield of the Western League to-night
announced the following umpires for the
coming season: Danny Stearns of. Buffalo,
Artie Latham of Philadelphia, Robert, O.
Cox of Rock iEland, 111., and Gus Morau
of Philadelphia. 1 : t ; . ¦,.
Western League Umpires.
Negotiations are pending for another
boxing match In this city between Joa
Walcott and George Gardner. The latter
claimed his hands were bad when fhev
met -before.--. At that time Walcott se
cured the decision. The Eastern repre
sentative of the Yosemite Club expects tn
clinch the match to-day. , / y °
r He also expects to secure Frank Erne's
Br^^ln 1 ' M t a" day tO **" aereement to meet
Walcott May Meet Gardner.
WASHINGTON.! March SO. — Albert
Champion; ,. the ¦ French cyclist, who < ; Is
training her .with Tommy; Hall, the Eng
lish champion, for the "coming, season,
unofficially, broke the world's record for a
mile; on a six-lap track. at the. Coliseum
Park."' He rode the ' distance . In , 1 :25 4-5, : a
second * faster ; than" Walthour's : tlnie on
the s sarae track, last' year. » •
Cyclist Breaks a Record.
'. MEMPHIS,-; March : 30.— To-day was an
ideal -one for trainers and horses at Mont
gomery | Park, " and everything is in read
iness for, the opening, of the spring meet
ing of the New , Memphis Jockey Club to
morrow. The track has "been dried out,
and Is . in ¦ fine condition.' .' The , Indications
are that • the Montgomery handicap, . the
feature-. of -.to-morrow's- card, will ¦? have
nine starters. ; The race'lsian open : one.
Racing 1 -to Begin at Ilemphis.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. March 30.— Most
of the 461 wing 6hots who have entered
for the Grand American Handicap live
bird tournament at Blue River Park in
(this city are here to-nlarht. Delegations
have arrived on every train the' past 2J
hours. Nearly all of the prominent wing
shots in the United States will partclpate
this year. The unprecedented entry list
brings to the front many aspirants for
honors who have never been heard of be
fore.
• >¦ '
Big Entry for Live-Bird Shoot.'
CORK, March- 30.— In response to an In
quiry addressed to King: Edward he has
sent a letter to the Lord Mayor of Cork.
Mr. Fitzgerald, saying, that ..lie will give
a cup valued at £100 to be competed for
!n the international yacht race which will
be held in connection with the Cork In
ternational Exhibition this year. Local
yacht club men hope the Columbia ¦ the
Shamrock n and the Meteor will be
among- the contestants in the International
King Edward Offers a Trophy.
-A hometralner bicycle race, In which
the fastest riders on the ' coast . are en
tered, will be held to-morrow night In
Golden Gate Hall, under the auspices of
the San Francisco Wheelmen. Lace Down
ing and Benton Downing will, represent
the Garden. City Wheelmen; A. T. Smith
and Emll Hartter, Oakland Wheelmen- A
Carl and L. F. Clifton, California Cycl'lnsr
Club; 8. Perrlne and G. . Wyman Bay
City Wheelmen : Al . Knox and George
Cushman, San Francisco Wheelmen. Each
rider will pedal three miles and the best
average time of the riders representing a.
club will capture, the cup. - s
Will Race on "Home Trainers."
Ed Feudner 21. Robertson 25. Taylor 21,
Iverson 23. Fish 10. Harrieon 23. Pizani 10,
Dickman 19. Price 23. Finocchino 22. Burns 21
ERgers'13. Hyde 10. Sylvester 24. Walpert 23.
Herring 20, Edwards 20* -K.-F. Feudner 21,
Thomas 22, McCutchen 25. Dr. Huttbn 22. Gor
don 23. E. Foreter 25, Haight 24, Murdock 23,
Mitchell 20. Burnell 23. PegulUan. 10, Klrsch
21. Finnocchlno 18.* Wheeler. Enid : Gun Club.
25; Donohoe 22, Wollan 23. =LIntner 18, Rand
24. .Wick 23. Conner 23. Nlhler 17., Shields IT,
Eflsar Forster 24,* Blckerstaff 22,' Fox 21.
J.-M. Wheeler of the Enid Gun Club,
Enid, O. T., participated and had tha
honor • of making a. straight score of 25
birds.- . •
Almost every man who took part 're
ceived a prize. The scores were:
The Union Gun Club held a big. shoot
yesterday at the Ingleside bluerock traps.
The day was* Ideal for the sport and the
club's membership was well represented,
there being forty-two entries In the prin
cipal event. In this contest Robertson,
Edgar Forster. McCutchen, Wheeler, who
shot as a guest of the club, and Shields
succeeded in making clean scores of
twenty-five straight. Sylvester, Haight,
Rand and Edward Forster each lost but
one. Almost one-half of the contestants
made 23 breaks or better.
Fivo Trapshots Break Twenty-Five
Bluerocks at Ingleside "With
out a Miss.
STRAIGHT SCOBES RULE
AT UNION CLUB SHOOT
This project la known as '. the Chesapeake
Western Railway. It begins at Gloucester
Point or York Harbor, Va., where a larga
acreage of land for a tidewater terminal has
been bought. The line runs northwesterly and
westerly, taking in the Chesapeake and West
ern Railway — twenty-seven miles built and In
operation In ths Shenandoah Valley. Virginia,
which is owned by tha syndicate — through 10O
miles of the coal fields of West Virginia to a
point near Parkersburg. ' ¦
Construction work on over 100 miles of th»
line westwardly through . the Shenandoah - and
Allegheny Mountains into West Virginia Is
now under way, with fourteen mile* of track
laid, and over half of the entire line has been
surveyed and located, estimates of construc
tion made thereupon and preparations are now
belne completed for general construction.
The line Is In no sense a parallel road with
any existing railway, but opens up new and
prolific • territory throughout its length.
The greatest care was exercised by the
owners . to secure- an rcean tidewater terminal
that would be In every respect suitable for
handling the large traffic of a trunk line rail
way and Gloucester Point was selected.
It is of much significance that the west
ern terminus of this project is at Parkers
burg, W. Va., to -which city a line is now
being built by the Goulds from a connec
tion vrith the Wheeling and Lake Erie at
Zanesvllle. It is also significant that
George J. Gould, the head. of the Gould
interests, spent a week at Gloucester
Point last summer and is thoroughly la
touch with the whole situation.
PITTSBXTRQ, March 30.— A new sea
board outlet from Pittsburgh the Chesa*
peake Western Railway, Is assured, ac
cording to a statement issued by Joseph
W. Reinhart, formerly president of -the
A tchiscn, Topeka and Santa Fe, and who
Is now at the head of the syndicate which
Is furthering the project. Reinhart says:
It is not generally known, but It Is a fact
that before the Pennsylvania. Railroad ' Com
pany secured control of ' the tidewater traffic
through the purchase of ths Baltimore - and
Ohio. Norfolk and Western and Chesapeake '
and ' Ohio a number of men quietly took up
the project for the construction of a line of
railway from the Ohio .. River . through tha
Northern "West Virginia coal fields and Vir
ginia to the Atlantic Coast. This enterprise
has been carried forward and has now a
foundation upon which the whole structure will
shortly be erected. ¦•-••.' ; ¦
Syndicate Secures New
Seaboard Outlet From
Pittsburgh
'.'- The 'strain on the game little ponies was
'a : severe ¦ one,', as : It ¦ was ithe ; first warm
, day }. on - which- they /were ¦ used r this -'¦ sea
son,"" and ; the iJ 8harpness - of i. the competl-'
;tlon stirred :tho> players » to unusual, ef
forts."": { Menzies' '¦¦'. pony ; Melba, . formerly
owned * by '..Walter "failed i at -a'
. critical point \ at; the ; game.-: It . was ',over
come : byj the > heat 'and staggered about,
finally^unseating Its rider. 'He ran'across
-•i Hurlingham scored the! point which won
tha match when 'there were; two minutes
to play., iThe .Burllngame men called -for
fresh, ponies, but the.tlme was too brief
to 'make , any; headway : against the , ; Eng-
Hsh :; team.- ; ; - • -¦•¦ ;• -'•-..'
The remainder of the third * period was
full of action. Drlscoll saved the Bur
llngame goal and followed this perform
ance with a great shot nearly to the op
posing goal. ; ' Menzies secured the ball
and ran It. across the field. Hobart
.blocked the progress of the ball and sent
it back toward the center. ¦; There, were
several, bumping matches and nearly a
head-on collision between Drybrough and
Joe.Tobin. No damage.'. ' .
Drlscoll nearly scored toward the end
of the third, period, driving .'the ball
across the line Just outside the goal line.
. Hurlingham Scores -Twice."
• The : visitors, scored two goals In ; the
fourth period,' one :-i after * five- minutes'
play, the . other . at ; the - end of seven '. min
utes.' They went tor work quickly and
soon had the bair in their opponent's ter
ritory. Hobart, backed: up by Driscoll,
.then drove It back. McCreery took pos
session and v,as" driving it down tho' field
when he lost it. • He : quickly < regained; it
again and, securing a good lead over' the
rest of the field, sent It between ithe goal
posts.. This made the score a tIe-^-2.'to 2.
.The visitors missed, a' goal Imme
diately afterward, sending it just outside
the post. They followed this up 'by scor
ing. - Drybrough hit ; the goal post with
the ball; and McCreery immediately drove
It between ; the posts. Score 3 to 2. The
visitors played a sensational game in. this
period. • They • were better mounted- than
their, .opponents 'and >.- took desperate
chances; • ;.' . ' f. ; ;
¦••'•' The score 'was tied in the. last period,
and -then Hurlingham came on and, won
the game I when there were i two . minutes
"to play. 'Driscoll was on' a' gray pony; and
was > at ' his best. . : He outrode j Menzies ¦ In
a . dash for i the ball, ? starting a length be
hind and ¦ beating out . his ¦; hard-riding ' op-'
ponent. - Driscoll j drove tho * ball ' down" the
field , In three , strokes; , the u las t * leaving , It
directly : in front' of , the - goal, ¦ but a little
outside. Menzies galloped v up,; 1 and in
trying, to v get J ,the ball, out of! danger
drove ;- it -^squarely .,' , between . - the posts,
scoring the point for the team he was op
posing. ;:';¦;¦¦¦ .-.-.: 'i':-\ V- ".-..-:.;- .-..:.¦: :¦ :
Jn the second period Joe, Tobin[ tied. the
score. Earlier. In . the : period ' Hobart ; ran
the ball down ' to ,•; the '.•' end , of " the ', field,"
but could not place ¦ it between I the ' posts.'
Tobln finally secured ' possession i and;
scored.
1 The ball . kept in r play ' after; time
was up in the ¦ second ; period and i; Dris-:
coll sent it between the posts: . The spec
tators ; sent ' up • a . cheer ; for '¦ Burling-ame,
only to learn, that; the play, dia not' count.*'
Burlingame scored ; soon , after < the - ball
•was put in play in- the third .period.'
There: was. a tangle of : men; and
and out ' of • the confused v mass "shot the
ball, ¦ making : the score : two ' f or " Burling
ame to one for the visitors.'ISteSlfBSESSSfepSI
,.: Wheeler, scored the first goal •: of the
game for, the visitors ' after nine : and . a
half minutes' play, every moment , of
which was exciting. . The goal of ¦each
team was threatened several times: Tom
Drlscoll was the first to show promlnent-
Jlyi. ¦ running ¦ the ball-! dangerously, near
the Hurlingham' goal. Drybrough ' kept
him from scoring, sending . the -. ball ' back
to the middle of; the field., Here, Walter
Hobart took possession, but -was unable
to advance . It far. All .this time Dick
Tobin was busy, "riding off" Wheeler.
Drybrough and Driscoll had 1 another
counter with honors even. > Wheeler: sent
the ball half way down' the , field with '-a
clean shot, .only- to have it ; returned • by
Hobart In three strokes. . Lawrence: Mc-
Creery finally secured, possession "and
took the ball down the field, Wheeler,
sending; It, fairly .through ; the /gdar posts
and scoring. the first point; in; the! game. ;<
Burllngame was twice penalized for off- ;
side plays, but on neither, occasion did it
materially affect the final result. '":'.¦ '¦'
Burlingame Is Penalized.
A large assemblage of fashionably
gowned ladles and their escorts watched
the progress of the game Intently. They,
were quick to recognize a clever play and
applauded the work of each ,' : team. -At
the close of ¦ the contest Walter Hobart
called -for three cheers for the victors.
They were given with a will.
- , • ¦ " .- . i
between the two teams. It was conceded
the visitors were better mounted than the
Burllngame men, lmylng- added to- their
stable during their stay on this ccast
«ome of the fastest ponies to be had.
This was apparent several times when the
Hurlingham men beat their rivals to 'the
ball through the superior speed' of their
ponies. : . . \ :'"¦_¦ .': :
COMPANY v E. FIRST INFANTRY, NA
TIONAL GUARD OF CALIFORNIA, MONTH
LY MEDAL SHOOT— P.. Nicket 35. F. Tuily
34 W.\ Clark 35, ,T. Dwyer 35, E. \ Ewlg 37.
P. Klngr 31, a.: Kennedy 34. J. • Fitzgerald ' 38,
N Marlow 30, F. Hesebrouck 30, J.- Brothers
34 ~T. Graham 32,' M.Riley 36, J. Hurley S3. :
-COMPANY. G.s FIRST INFANTRY. NA
TIONAL GUARD OF. CALIFORNIA, MONTH
LY MEDAL" SHOOT — J. Schaft, 17, Sergeant
Stroth : 35, Sergeant E. : Noyes 36, J. i Daley 32,
C. W Isaacs 32. "W. Yager 7, G. Hesbeth SO,
Sergeant Phillips 46. H. Tuggy 12, M. .'jr.-
Lyons' 38, I. ; Nlchol 25. 'Lieutenant- F. Neubert
3», v Sergeant 'Owens -37, Corporal Ames 24., J.-
Dolan' 43, Captain W. L. Wall 33, Lieutenant
Graham 24.' F.- O' Nell ¦ 23; Sergeant W. Talbot
27, Corporal Sheridan '35, D. WIer 24. H. Mc-
Sweggan32, W.-Dashman 14,,D. O'Donnell 10,'
W. Spellman 27." H. Spellman 31, M. S. Brad
ly.38. L. Ahnes 31. <
FIFTY-SHOT MATCH BETWEEN EIGHT
MEMBERS " OF THE INDEPENDENT RI-.'
FLES," FOUR MEN ON. A SIDE— C. H. Korn
beck - 103, Sergeant - G. "W. - Mitchell 200, Ser
geant C- Andrews 202, H. t Maryolf 182. total,
777; R; V. Either, 168. Corporal P.; Schonlg 200,
Lieutenant J. . H. ¦•' Kuhlke 191, E. M. Coolfeet
200, total, 765. . ...
COMPANY C. FIRST INFANTRY. NA
TIONAL GUARD OF CALIFORNIA. MONTH
LY MEDAL SHOOT — Captain F. K. Moore 45,
Lieutenant Corcoran 39, Lieutenant II. Stolzen
wald 28. Sergeant E. -W. -Redell .35, Sergeant
H. -Bucking U. Corporal Maasberg 29. Corporal
F. Llngee 17. Corporal R. Powers -30. T. Con
nolly 31, J. Conn 23, H. Ehrenford 44, B. Fen
tren 48 H. Lemetyer. 28, • H. Levy 16, B. Moore
38, M.O'Nell 20, B. Pitt 17, G. H. Seyden 32,
A. : Chessman 1.1. !
Companies C, E and G, First -Infantry,
National Guard of California, held their
regular monthly' medal shoots yesterday
at Shell Mound. The weather condition*
wero unusually favorable, and the con
tests for . places close and exciting.
Eight members of the Independent Rifles
were :ilso present for a match shoot.
The day's scores nre as follows:
and the Day's Contests Are
Close and Exciting. :.
Weather Conditions Are Favorablo
II. W. Crowell and W. B. Collier played a
double* match with Frank Mitchell and Drum
mor.d MacGavln. The former were In excel-'
lent form and won three straight sets. The
ecorc: 6-2, 0-3, C-4.
The class tingles tournament com
menced on the park courts last Sunday
¦was completed yesterday. In the sec
ond class Melrose beat Orennough, 2 — 6,
C— l. 6—1. In the final Will Allen, win
ner of the first class, defaulted to Mel
rose, the second class winner.
J. G. Gibson beat J. G. Gibson Sr.. 3-6.
C-4, C-4; A. Worthing^on beat Bull, 6-1, 0-1
«-3. 6-0. 0-0; A. A. Moore beat M. Cerf, 6-4,
7-5. 11-9. 1-C; O, I'ratt and Sidney Salisbury
tied. G-l. 1-C: C. Kuehn with thirty beat M.
Johnson, C-4, 3-6. 0-2; Worthington beat Cerf.
Ml Chet. Sm!th beat Al Kenyon, C-3. C-2. 4-C;
Kuehn treat Punnett, 6-0. C-4. 4-6: H. Carey
beat A. Duncan. 1-6. C-4, 6-2; Collier beat
Frank Mitchell. O-l, C-2: Ray Cornell and Her
man Powers tied, C-J, 2-0. S-S: Georee Whitney
bent Cornell. 6-3.
Competition Is Keen in Both, Singles
and Doubles — Melrose Wins
Park Tournament.
There was more class to the play on the
tennis courts yesterday than there has
been for months on a Sunday. The best
match of the day was between the Whit
ney brothers, George and Robert. The
letter made the champion play his best
to win, which he did after a close strug
grlue. The score in George's fa\ or was
to-4, 6-8, 6-4.
• Grant Smith was at his best and won
three straight sets from Harold Crowell.
The latter made every effort to win, but
his opponent was too strong . for him.
The score in Smith's favor was 6—2, C— 3
7-5. William Collier was also in fine form
and beat Merle Johnson handil>. The
ecore was 6—2, 6—2, 6r-3.
W. S. MacGavln, one of the oldest play
ers on the coast, made his reapparance
yesterday after an absence of a year.
The veteran was very much out of prac
tice, but made some clever strokes. His
strokes are clean cut and effective, but
he is unable to cover the courts like the
younger players. He won two sets from
George Lane, the score being 6—4, 8—6.
Other singles matches resulted as fol
lows: »
PLAY HIGH-CLASS TENNIS
ON CALIFORNIA COURTS
BIG ENTERPRISE
OF RAILWAY MEN
Selections for To-Day.
First race —Fridolin, Captivate, Fondo..
Second race —Lizzie Rice. Horatlus. Nlgretto.
Third race —Rosewar, Malaspina. Kllldoe.
Fourth race —Janice, Rio Shannon. Position.
Filth race —Miss Mae Day, Karra O, Oscar
Tolle.
Sixth race —Bernota, Marshal Nell, Plan.
the field for a remount and was quickly
in the thick cf the competition.
The field was. in excellent condition for
fast galloping, and at the same time was
safe for the quick turning c> the ponies.
Francis J. Carolan and John Lawson
alternated as umpire, while F. J. Reilly
acted as timekeeper.
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN
SHOOT AT SHELL MOUND
It is expected that several days will be
required for the drive. Business in the
farming and cattle sections will be entire
ly suspended, but those who will devote
their time -consider that their future re
ward will be more than ample to compen-'
sate them. ¦ ,
When the proposition of killing the wild
horses was advanced it was warmly wel
comed. A drive of a similar character
was held years ago, but on a smaller scale
and with results that were so satisfactory
that there was little difficulty in enlisting
tne efforts of every one In the county.
> The plans, as arranged, are for con
certed attacks from/ each end of the
county. The citizens of Upper Reese
River, in the northern portion, will as
semble at Midas, and the inhabitants of
Smith Creek Valley, In the southern sec
tion, at Peterson's ranch. These two bod
ies of men, well mounted, will advance in
the direction of each other, driving the
wild. herds ahead of them. Many of the
animals will be shot on the run, and more
willbe driven into corrals constructed at
Intervals . along the drive. At the point
where a meetinc is expected pits have
been dug, into which the horses will be
run to their death.
For some time past the farmers and
stockmen have experienced much trouble
from the Immense droves of wild horses.
These animals dash wildly about the hills
and valleys, destroying crops as well as
scattering herded cattle. The horses are
of no value. They cannot be tamed, and.
In fact, cannot even be caught. Costly an
imals that have been In service for years
often tollow in the wake of these bands
and are lost to their owners.
It is estimated that between 4000 and
6000 wild animals will be slaughtered and
left as food for the carrion crows. Al
ready 100 men have agreed to participate,
but it is expected that twice that number
will aid in the drive.
AUSTIN, Nev., March 30.— Lander Coun
ty citizens will rid • their neighborhood of
wild horses in a rather unique manner.
A big wild horse drive has been planned,
and arrangements for it are now complete.
The date of the great event has been set
for April 25, and it is exciting the Inter
est of stockmen in this as well as in other
sections of the State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mogan was a most popular officer and
well liked by all who knew him. He had
been on the police force little more than
two years, having been appointed by the
old board Just before It retired, and was
always deemed an excellent officer by his
superiors. The deceased was a brother
of Charles J. Mogan, who Is now in
Alaska, and of Gus F. Mogan, a lieuten
ant In the Fire Department. He was a
cousin of Police Judge E. P. Mogan and
C. Mogan, a dentist. His mother and one
sister live at C02 Filbert street, while he
had another sister, Mrs. J. Kltterman, of
532 Lombard street.
The body was removed to undertaking
paj-lors. The funeral announcement -will
be made later.
The whole force is in,deepest sympathy
with the bereaved relatives. The dea-3
man's mother is 70 years of age, and it is
feared the shock may prove fatal to her.
Joseph A. Mogan, driver of the O'Far
rell-street police station patrol wagon,
was stricken with heart failure yesterday
afternoon while in the pursuance . of his
duties. About 4:20 o'clock a call was re
ceived at the station from Geary street
and Central avenue, where Irwln Fraser
cf 2931 Laguna street had fallen off a
Geary-street car and received injuries.
Driver Mogan and Officer .E. E. Dalton
went to the place with the wagon to re
move the injured man to the Emergency
Hospital. Mogan was assisting Fraser
into the wagon when he suddenly fell
backward into the street. His fellow of
ficer thought at first that he had broken
his neck, but as the fall was so slight
this was almost an Impossibility.
The wagon which Mogan had Just been
in charge of 'was called into service to
carry both Fraser and the prostrate po
liceman to the hospital. Mogan died on
the way. A superficial examination of his
body failed to reveal a broken neck, and
as he was a victim of heart disease it is
presumed that is what caused his death.
Mogan's wife, sister and mother were
Immediately summoned. • .
TWO CLEVER POLO PLAYERS
AND AN INCIDENT ' OF , EXCIT
ING MATCH AT BURLINGAME.
Plan Is -Arranged for a
Great Slaughter in
Nevada. r
Popular Policeman Is
Stricken With Heart
Failure.
DEATH AWAITS
NOMAD HORSES
"Preparations are being made for the
refitting of Shamrock II. Work on the
defeated British challenger was begun
last Thursday in the Erie Basin. Much
secrecy Is observed about the yacht, but
it is said that Sir Thomas LJpton intends
to refit her and take her to the Great
Lakes via the St. Lawrence and the
Welland Canal."
NEW YPRK, March 30.— The Press will
say to-morrow:
Shamrock II Being. Befitted.
Sixth race — Mile and fifty yards; selling;
three-year-olds and upward:
Plan .....103: 3520 Lento 97
3477 Constable .... 01 i (3505) Marshal JTelL.108
3514 San Venado. ..106! 3505 Morengo 98
3499 Lena 102 3453 Wolhunt 106
3481 Klnsteln 10.1 3494 Gawatne 10O
(3517) Limelight .... 98 350« Bernota 90
Fifth race — Five and a half furlong* : sell-
Ing; four- year-olds and upward:
3499 Kitty Kelly.. -1071 3502 Narra O .107
3503 King Dellls...ll2| 3472 Miss Mae DaylOT
3508 Sir Hampton..ll2 347S Skip Me 107
3501 Oscar Tolle...l07! 3493 De Capo 107
3479 Mid. Chimes.. 107 1 3172 Goal Runner. .104
3517 Scfor Scandl.lOTl 3508 Ada N 107
Fourth race — Mil« and a sixteenth ; the \7eat
Oakland Handicap; three-year-olda and up
ward :
3506 Rio Shannon.. 105 (3501)Dr. Bernaya. . 99
3488 Bragg 03 35C0 Position ..'...102
34S9 Janice lit 3489 Col. Ball'tyne. 99
35CS MacGyle 97
-.Third race — Six furlongs; selling;, three
year-olds :
3394 Evander 109 3358 Phyllis ......107
33S4 Senator Bruce.112 3502 E. M.Brattaln.109
34.S6 Evea G 107 3520 Legal Maxim. 100
3517 Inocencia ....107 34!>7 Rubtno ......109
350.1 Malaspina 107 3017 Rosewar 107
3508 Kllldoe : 1091 3431 I O U.. i,...,.l. 4
Second race — Four furlongs; selling; .two
year-olds:
<3504)Gu!da 103 3192 Josie Wheeler. OS
Maxetta 9S 3510 Fire Dance. ..100
350* Ella E 98 (3474)Xigrette l(tt
3510 Sabin&l 08 3504 Donami 10«t
3504 Trim 102( 3516 Lizzie Rice.. .105
3385 Horatlus 100 1
The New California Jockey Club has
disbursed in purses to date more .than
$365,400. Up to and including March. 23,
the stable of Oreen B. Morris has captured
In stakes and purses {23,715, and heads the
list. ' Burns & Waterhouse are a good
second, with $26,820, and Caesar Young,
with the Burns handicap victory to his
credit, a close third. By his win of tha
Pacific Union handicap on Saturday, Com
missioner Forster increases the Schorr
stable winnings to $9065.
The following stables have won mora
than $1000:
O. B. Morris... $28,715*. Conway ..... 2 20<J
Burns & Water- H, L. Frank..* 3>,02O
house 26.820 L\ O'Keefa .... 1995
Caesar Young .. 18.8ST C. W Carroll... jjo50
W. B. Jennings .16.230 P. Howler .... 1 940
James Coffey... 7.655 George Miller... 1*910
-man- 7.120 donough ..... 1 seo
B. Schrelber.... 7.083 Mrs. P. E.Jones lliTS
E. J. Baldwin I. Morehouse.... 1I743
„& Co 6.800 H. I. Jones Y700
C. Lind 6.S10 J. •W. Neal & Co 1 650
T..H. Steven.... 6,130 D. C. McCarty.. 1 623
G. Summer* ... 5.800 H. I. Wilson.... 1633
H. E. Rowell.. 6.605 Ray TVIlson ... l'Ss
C. T. Boots... B.320 F. D. Weir .... l'«03
J.-M. Crane .. 6.225 Curl & Co.... i'Ioo
Chinn & For- Mallowmot Stock
•ythe 5.19S Farm 1945
P. Ryan ...... 5,130 J.J. Moraa .... l'srs
D. 8. Fountain. 5.025iT. T. Rector ... 1500
Ezeli & Lazanw. 4.S00 A. G. Blakeley. 1,430
J. • O. Brown & J. L. Clayton &
Co. 4,760 Co. ..1425
J. P. Atkln.... 4.480 E. Lanniraa .. ; 1,423
L. V. Bell .... 4,415 H. L. Jones .... .ia«8
W. P. Magrane. 4.13T. C. O. Ray .;.. 1 2S0
J. S. Gibson.... 4,033 P. Moore 1230
R. A. Smith.... 4.010'A, J. Btemler . 1°225
J. C. Xealon.... 3.000 W. C. de Lopes. 1*203
D. Cameron ... 8,865 W. W. Elliott.. l'l.S.% *
W. M. Rosen .. 3.490 J. H. Rothert.. 1*180
StanHfld & Ellis 3.420; W. E Cotton.. 1140
8. McNaughton. 2,975 !W. B. Sink Jr. 1 1.10
E. E. Edwards.. 2,865 F. J. O'Rourke. 1 105
James Wilson.. 2.865 P. Guilfoyle ... 1073
P. McGulre ... 2,»10 W. E. Apple-
G. W. Baldwin. 2.805 gate 1,050
J. Burrows .... 2,773jP. Corrlgran 1 050
T. H. Ryan.... 2.730,J. McGovern .. 1030
A. B. Spreckels. 2.703 C. J. Foy 1 050
G. W Snider & George Webb . . 1 025
Co 2.513 S. Judge 1 0r3
F. D. Boaa .... 2.500 W. Fisher 1,023
M. Storn 2.440 B u r 1 i n gama .
J. Weber 2.425 Stock Farm... 1.020
Montana Stables . 2.3K3 J. S. Campbell.. 1 010
G. W. Miller.. 2,235 P. O. Lynch 1.00O
Followiner are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
First race — Mile and fifty yards; selling;
three- year-olds and upward"! •
3500 Captivate 97, 3496 Ting-a-LJnr ..102
340« Pencil Me 99 3509 Windward ...101
3457 Gold Baron... 08 3509 Satan 9S
3475 Invictus 94 3505 "Whalebaclc ..98
3490 Light Ball.... 94 3496 Fridolin 9+
347S Fondo ..100 3497 Mythrox 83
A. H. Pape 74. A. Streckler 71, L. Reubold 71.
A. Gehret 71. D. B. Faktor 71. S. Rlchmuller
70,. F. Attinger 71, F. E. Mason. 71, O.Bremer
71. F. Blasse 69. F. McLaughlln 69. F. P.
Schuster 69,- W Ehrenpfort 68. E. Ladd 67. F.
J Wright 67.-J. Rlcken 63. C. M. Henderson
60. A. Mocker 68, F. Smith 64, F. A. Kuhls 66.
A. Mocker 61. G. Ahrens 54. L. Thierbach 66,
F. Bresse 01, J. Jones 61, P.- Jacobl 51. L. B.
Rltzau 65 A. Utschtg 62, J. Richmueller 62.
Member* rac«, for members of.the association
only— First. Frank -Bannon; second, -Charles
Wagner. -.•_ ' „
One-eighth' mile ' run for married ladies-
Won by Mrs. G. Fitzgerald; second. Mr». J.
Tierney. ¦ . •_
Young men's one-eighth mile run — won by
J. O'Brien. Harry Williams second.
Young ladies' race, one-eighth mile run— "Won
by Miss Ethel Humphreys, Miss Ett* Haley
second.
Boys' race, under 14 years, one-eighth mile
run. seventeen starters — Robert English won,
Joseph Murphy second.
Girls' race, under 14 years, one-eighth mile-
Edna Lewis first and Gertrude Walters second.
Some high scores were made at th«
shooting festival . and - some remarkable
shooting averages were recorded. A.
Strecker, A. Gehret and A. H. Pape were
the highest scorers. So many ties were
made that the winner of first prize will
not be known until Monday. A. H. Pape
stands the best chance of winning both
the honorary and ring target events. Out
of. a. possible 75 he scored 74. He also had
four 71's. Strecker made three 71's on ring
and ' honorary targets. F. E. Mason
scored 71—69—68. Joseph King, who never
shot in a contest before, made 69.
Some of the marksmen who stand high
among the prize-winners are:
SAN RAFAELV March' 30.— Opening day
at Schuetzen Park was 'a* gala occasion.
The Journeymen Butchers' Protective As
sociation'gave the first picnic of . the sea
son, .while the California Schuetzen Club
held a prize shooting festival. There were
fully. 6000 people .present. . Many, valuable
prizes -were offered '.by the ". butchers to
the winners of ¦athletic contests on the
track, while ln ; the - shooting shed crack
marksmen contested all day for cash and
other trophies. .
. The officers, of . the- Journeymen Butch
ers' Protective Association are: Presi
dent, John Pachner;-vice president, James
Howard; recording secretary, Benjamin
Davis; financial secretary, R. C.Dunpar.
Committee of arrangements— R. C. Dun
bar," G. Loeb,' John Danz, Hermann Cocn
ran and Sam Dreyfus. Floor committee-
Frank Krauer, J. Howard and Gus Loeb.
Prize-winners on the track were:.
DIES SUDDENLY
WHILE ON DUTY
Broad Jump— More, A. H. S.; Baker A. H
S.; Chaplin. B. H. S.; Girvin. B. H. S.-
Brock, B. H. S.; Vosburg. L. H. S.; Albert
son, U. H. S.; Baldwin. O. H. S. ; Thayer O
H. S.; Sfceehan, O. H. S.; B. Howe, S. R *h'
S.: Titus, S. C. H. S.; Hagans. U. H. S
12-pound shot put — Randolph, A H.' S.;
Blakemore, B. H. S.; Merritt B. H. S.'
Hinds. O. H. S.; Lundy, O. H. S".; Fries. S R
H. S.; Horton, U. H. S.; Williams S. R. H."
S.; Butterfield, S. C. H. S.; Briggs, U H S
• •M-K"I"I"M"M I H"M I 1 I I H-H-fr
Second heat — Hagans, U. H. S. ; Baldwin. O.
H. S.; Schwartz, L. H. S.; Kaywards S. C.
H. S.
220 yard hurdle, first heat — Hume, B. H. S.;
Thayer, O. H. S. ; Sanborn, S. R. H. S.
¦ Second heat — Girvin B. H. S.; Burpee, O.
H. S.; J. Weller. U. H. S.
Third heat — Posey. B. H. S.: F. Howe. S.
R. H. S.; Cox, U. H. S.
Mile run — Pratt, A. H. S.; Crawford, A H.
S.; Loughborough, B. H. S.; MacNlcol, C. 6.
M. A.; -De Manniel, L. H. S.; Morton. L. H.
S.; Lundy. O.» H. S.; Cooper. O. H. S.; Cor
bin. S. R. H. S.; Hunter, S. C. H. S.; Hay,
S. C. H. S.; G. Weller. U. H. S.
Mile relay— Lowell. Oakland. Berkeley, Santa
Rosa, Santa Clara and Ukiah High Schools.
Pole vault— Scott. A. H. S.; Schmidt. A. H.
S. ; Lang, C. S. M. A.; Burpee. O. H. S. ; Titus
S. C. H. S.; Cox, U. H. S.; Walker O. H. S.;
Harris. S. R. H. S.; Seawell. U H S.
High Jump— Randolph, A. H. S.; Hickey.
B. H. S.; Girvin. B. H. S.; Chaplin. B.-H S.;
Adams, L. H. S. ; Burpee O. H. S. ; Horton ' U
H. S.; Hinds, O. H. S.; Cooper, O. H." S.-
Harris. S. R. H. S.; Titus, S. C. H. S.;
Seawell, U. H. S.; Cox, U. H. S.
12-pound hammer throw — Reeves. A. H S.;
Weeks. A. H. 6.; Blakemore. B. H. S.; Mer
ritt. B. H; S.; Hinds. O. H. S.; Wlllcox. O.
H. S.; Coyne, O. H. S.; Sanborn. S. R. H.
£ fe U - H " S S
Second heat — Vosberg. S. C. H. S. ; Davis,
L f H. S.; Hagans. U. H. S.
- 440 yard dash— Baker, A. H. S.; Brock, B.
H. S.; Lang. C. S. M. A.; Hazell. L. H. S.;
Albertson, U. H. S.; Haber L. H. S.; Sheehan,
O. H. S.; Walker, O. H. S.; Anderson. S. C.
H. S.; Wyckoft*. U. H. S.
120 yard hurdle, first heat— Chaplin. B. H.
S.; Frels. R. H. S.; Horton. U. H. S.
Second heat— Thayer. O. H. S. ; J. Weller,
U. H. S.
SSO yard run— Baker, A. H. S.; La Grange,
B. H. S.; Taturn. L. H. S.; Montgomery. L.
H. S.; Laumelster. M^H. S.; Coyne, O. H. S.:
Lur.dy. O. H. S.; Cooper, O. II. S.: B. Howe.
S. R. H. S.; Corbin, S, R. H. S.; Hay, S. C.
H. S.; Byrnes. U. H. S.
'220 yard dash, first heat— Willoox. O. H. 8.;
Lang. C. S. M. A.; More. A. H. 8.; Wil
liams, S. R. H. S.
The meeting will also be a time competi
tion between the league and the "Wiscon
sin Interscholastic Athletic Association.
The result In each event at the two meet-
Ings will be compared. One point will be
allowed. for each event The team scoring
the greatest number of points will win.
The complete list of entries follows: -
100 yard dash, first heat — Mlddleton, L. H.
S.; Wlllcox. O. H. S.; More. A. H. S.; Braun.
S. C. H. S.
The sixteenth semi-annual field day of
the Academic. Athletic League will be
held next Saturday afternoon at the Uni
versity of California cinder path, Berke
ley. Uklah, Lowell and Berkeley high
schools are each strongly represented in
the various contests.
Lagomarelno's La Belle, 4-2; E. Ready's Full
Moon beat E. Geary's Little Jim, 10-S; R. li.
Kay's Hawker beat W. Dillon's Challenger.
3-1; L M. Connell's St. Helen beat A. R. Cur
tis' Fly by Night. S-<3; J. Dempsey's Jingle
Bel'.s beat H. L. Meharry's Roxana. 10-8; C.
O. Peterson's Haphazard beat F. A. McComb's
Boy.il Reggie, 11-3; J. Darling's Gambit beat
A. R. Curtis' Vulcan. 3-2; Alameda Kennels'
Clarice beat J. Trade's Cosey, 3-2; Chiarini
Brothers' Dewdrop beat J. J. Keenan's London
Links, 4-0; Alameda Kennels' Lilac beat Pasha
Kennels' Royal Archer. 5-3; Chiarini Brothers'
Santonin beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 10-2; P.
M. Clarkson's Sofaia beat C G. Wballon's
Gllmore, 3-1 ; E. Geary's Fair Oaks beat L.
Lagomarslno'e Boney Boy, 6-0; Aeneid Ken
nels' Fine Fire beat C. G. Whallon's Miss Shir
ley. 2-1.
Third round — John Heenan beat Prompto,
4-0; Harlean Gladys beat Full Moon. 5-0; e>t.
Helen beat Hawker, C-2; Haphazard beat Jingle
Bells. 6-0; Clarice beat Gambit. 6-4; Lilac beat
Dewdrop, 4-1; Santonin beat Sofaia, 10-9; Fair
Oaks beat Fine Fire. 6-4.
Fourth round — Harlean Gladys beat John
Keenan, 7-0; Haphazard beat St. Helen, 5-0;
Clarice beat Santonin, 14-11; Lilac beat Fair
Oaks. 12-1.
Fifth round — Harlean Gladys beat Clarice,
10-2; Lilac beat Haphazard, tt-3.
Deciding course — Harlean Gladys beat Lilac
5-0.
Special stake, first round — F. Jones' "Wedg
wood beat A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord. 5-4; E.
Geary's Ireland beat Sterl & Knowles* Cold
Shivers. 16-10; A. R. Curtis' War Eagle beat
T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy, 5-2; O. Zah;'s
Homer Boy beat P. M. Clarkson's Golden Gar
ter, 21-10; Alameda Kennels' A. J. Martin beat
A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox, 9-4; Alameda Ken
nels' Merrimac beat George Xethercott's Flood
rate. 4-1; E. Geary's Fenil beat A. R. CurtU'
Charta. 6-2; T. Burke's Aggie W. beat Pasha
Kennels' Rocker. 5-0; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey
beat J. Sheridan's Forest Queen, 3-2- George
Kethercott's Hickory Dick beat Sterl &
Knowles' Freeze Out 6-1; T. J. Cronin's Van
dal beat A. R. Curtis' Wapsee. 3-2; Chiarini
Brothers' Tame Tralee beat A. R. Curtis' King
Cotton, 6-3; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete, 5-2; D. Walsh's Sac
ramento Boy beat George Nethercott's Red
Rock. 0-0; E. Geary's America beat A. It. Cur
tis' Leota. 4-3; A. R. Curtis' Anchor beat Ala
meda Kennels' Melrose Lad. 5-2.
Second round— Wedgewood beat Ireland 4-2-
War Eagle beat Homer Boy. 6-4; A. J. Martin
beat Fenli. 21-10; Merrimac beat Aggie W
6-0; Hickory Dick beat Ruby Sankey 3-0-
Tame Tralee beat Vandal. 3-2; Luxor beat Sac
ramento Boy. 3-2; America beat Anchor, 6-0.
».T 1: lr <1 . r0Un<! ~ WedgewoO(1 beat War Eagle.
3-2; Hickory Dick a bye; Merrimac beat Tame
Tralee. 7-2; America beat Luxor, 11-2
Fourth round— Merrimac beat Wedgwood.
2-0; America beat Hickory Dick. 6-4
Deciding course — Merrimac beat America,
Puppy stake, deciding course— n. Perigo's
Belfast beat E. McAndrew's Nancy Ti«L 10-2.
The Alameda kennels' fast young grey
hound Merrimac won first honors in the
special stake yesterday at Union Cours
ing Park. Merrimac was in good condi
tion, and easily disposed of his opponents
until he met America in the final.
Geary's courser had shown better work
than was expected of him after his hard
winning last week, and twice brought
money to his backers, who had played him
on the short end.
The talent fancied Merrimac, however,
and made him the choice at odds of 2 to
5. The favorite took the lead in the run
tip the field, and scored three points.
America came into possession, and after
making a point picked up the hare for
the kill and evened the .score.
America's position; just before the kill
gave Merrimac's backers a scare, and it
was a relief to them that the kill was
not delayed. In the run-off Merrimac won
by a score of 5 to 3. A. J. Martin, the
stake favorite, ran a hard course with
Flying Fox in the first round, and won
by a score of 21 to 10. The severe work
unfitted the winner for further trials, oth
erwise the Alameda kennels might have
Jlgrured one-two at the finish.
Harlean Gladys won the open even from
Lilac, beating her pointless.
Tne Alameda kennels showed well in
the stake, the entries Clarice and Lilac
scoring heavy shcrt-end victories. Clarice
beat Cosey at 5 to L Gambit at 4 to 1 and
Santonin at 3 to L Lilac beat Royal
Archer at 4 to 1, Dewdrop at 3 to 1, Fair
Oaks at 5 to 3 and Haphazard at 5 to 2.
Belfast beat Nacy Till in the deciding
course of the puppy stake by a score of
:o to 2.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open etake; second round — P. M. Clarkson's
Prompto beat W. G de B. Lopez's Pepita, 3-1;
T. Burke's John Heenan beat E. Geary'b
Dathy. 4-1: F. Jones' H&tleao Gladys beat L.
Ukiab, Lowell and Berkeley.
Are Represented by \,.'
Clever Boys.
A.' EL- Pape Lacks but One
Point of a "Possible"
DvUivi '
Honors in the Open Event
Go to Fast Harlean
Gladys.
Beats America in the
Pindl Run After an
"Undecided."
Burns & Waterhouse Are a
Close Second — Young
Stable Third.
Greatest Money "Winner
of the Season at
Oakland.
Attract a Large . Crowd
to Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael.
From High School
Sprinters.
Large Entry Received
MERRIMAC WINS
SPECIAL STAKE
MORRIS' STABLE
STILL IN FRONT
BUTCHERS OPEN
PICNIC SEASON
ATHLETES N AM ED
FOR FIELD DAY
HURLINGHAM POLO TEAM DEFEATS BURLINGAME MEN
8
THE SAN FRAjSTCISGO CAL,Lj v MQyPAY^ MARCH 31y 1902:
Eiigl-i$h^
G
End of .the Game—Df iscoll arid Drybrough Play vWell
PLAYERS SHOW SUPERB HORSEMANSHIP
IN MATCH FULL OF SENSATIONAL MOVESSTUDBNT8 AND .CO-EDS' -WHO'
ARK WORKING TO ''.AID TH13 -
" TRACK: TEAM.
. EAST LYNNE, W.Va;, March 30.— Sam D
Smith,- deputy sheriff,' 1b reported: to have been
killed near here to-day by Walter HlteA whom
h<3 \ waa j endeavoring > to ¦ arrest ' for : creating r a
disturbance r at^ a. church." Smith' was once, in
the revenue service ' ~ ./:
P. J.Curtin,' a switchman in the' em
ploy of ; the }. Southern Pacific Company,
was . thrown from : the pilot ' of. his ; engine
last night at ;„ Fourth and Townsend
Switchman Injured.
: ; PHOENIX; Ariz.. March . 30.— E. . C.
Manri \ of : New.Yofk died' here : this morn
ing Sof^consumption.; He was attended
i by -his. wife and twochlldren and Dr. Mar-
Bnall;',hi3f family ¦: physician. -Mann " was
theV.founder-'of >. Town Topics, a -well
known 1 New., i'ork ; society . paper, . and' un
til recently was Its owner.- -"
- CHBYENNB, - Wyo, , March 30.— Mrs.
William McGulre ' and " Molesto Sanchez' 1
her brother, . have fallen heir to a fortuno
by the death of their grandfather in Santa
Fugus, Mex. Modesto P. Sanchez was one
of the wealthiest sheep and cattle men of
his section, ¦: his fortune being estimated
at from $700,000 to $1,000,000. Mrs.' McGulre
is.the wife of aclerk ln^alocal* butcher
shop. MHSBsVSf^BjppKp/
Fall Heirs to a Fortune!,
SOUTH . Me AL.ESTER, 1.7 TV," March 30.—
Governor. G.^W.* Dukes.* principal Chief of
th'e'Choctaw Nation,' has addressed an ap
peal to ThomftB; Ryan," acting Secretary. of
the i Interior, i asking 1 for aid for, 10,000 des
titute ' citizens' of the ; Choctaw? Nation.
Choctaws Ar« Destitute. •
The Butchers'' picnic, which ' was held
yesterday at Schuetzen Park, near San
Rafael, was quite a success. The 'fine
weather attracted an - unusually large
crowd across the 'bay and those who.at
tended the picnic , managed to have a
good ttme. The California Schuetzen
Club held. a' shooting festival in connec
tion with the picnic- which was also a
Buccesa. The prizes. will be distributed at
a social to be held at Eintracht Hall on '
the evening of April 3. :.,.,: I
Picnic at Schuetzen Park.
'. Turks and- Bulgarians -Clash.
'CONSTANTINOPLE, ;• March v. 80.—Dur
ing 'anericounter between Bulgarians 'and
Ottoman . at Egrlpalanka, on the
Turko-Bulgarfan s frontier, ¦ some Bulga
rians were killed and* others were arrest
ed. ., . . .
KANSAS CITY, Ma., March 3O.-Captain
Burnell Gunther of Chicago, general man
ager of the Ounther candy factories, who
is here- on- private business, saya ther«
probably -will soon be formed a'candv
truat that } will have for its object 'the
regulation of candy prices. The trust will
be composed of candy, makers who man"
ufacture only the cheaper grades
Candy Trust in. Prospect.
P.. J. Curtain, employed at the Southern
Pacific yards, Townsend and Third streets
was badly injured by falling off a switch
engino yesterday. He wo* taken /to the
Emergency, Hospital, ; where It wag found
that ho had sustained internal >¦ injurie*
Curtain's condition Is consider<5d serlouo
Falls From Switch Engine.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. March • 80.— Advices from
the flood«d district In Mississippi to-clfht.are>
that the waters art recedln* slowly, it Is bn
liev«d that the worst Is over. ,
ST. ' PAUL, : March" 30.— Transcontinental
traffic by the ; Northern routes -continues
to^be blockaded,' The Northern? Pacific's
efforts ,to transfer .passengers -across the
lake .formed 'by the-; overflowing; of the
slough : near McKenzio, N.'-;D.",, have
proven* futile- and but little '.hope, is .held
out ', for at resumption "of . business In the
near : future. ; Reports ¦• from,'; the > Great
Northern are- to -the effect that' their
transcontinental trains, which . have here
tofore been- able. to. get through wlt& only
a Blight delay, i are , now • held ; up ¦ by flooSs
In the western! part of North > Dakota;
Just . where > the trouble is : has not '. been
definitely learned; but telegraphic, re
ports . say; that "the Mouse River is . out of
Its^banks^tMinot; on that line, and that
numerous bridges | have . been' swept away.'
The' Red' River Is also at 'flood- tide, .at
Grand : Forks, - N. - D., : but so> far . as re
ported* 1 but little ; damage v has - been ¦'¦ done
:there.;'. ¦¦'¦-¦¦¦¦' U-- ¦> - ;;¦":¦/>:•. \ %%¦'¦¦¦ ¦-, -. •,
• The situation of the Northern Pacific ; is
extremely, serious. ;, Reports '* from Mc-
Kenzle-are<tostho' effect, that a-vlake
thirty miles • long.' and \ two miles wide has
formed,- and ithe> tracks .are 'sixteen', feet
; under . water,'; or ¦ perhaps > entirely ; washed
out."> Efforts to transfer passengers across
;thts-' lake ( have i not ; been , Buccetsful; ;• The
wind $ has 1 been ',. so '• high j and ¦ the water : so
\ rough v that t much t damage has '4 attended
thai attempt i. to • transfer 4 ' passengers^ in
smalliBklffs.r A^gasollno launch put
ln*n "serviQe • vepterdav. hut oven thfa
RAILROADS ARE BLOCKADED.
Floods In Northern- Dakota Tie: Up
- the Northern Pacific.
Suspects in Mclntrye Case Arrested.
Five men aro now being held at the city
prison on suspicion of being the murder
ous thugs who assaulted William Mcln
tyre In his home at Bryant and nth
streets Friday morning. Two of -Them
were taken in custody yesterday by Po
liceman Fontana. Mrs. Dlchl, .who lives
next door to the Mclntyre house and saw
the assailants escape over the fence, was
taken to eee If she could Identify cither
of them. She thought that one of the
men under arrest resembled the iihorlcr
Of the two who committed the assault,
but she was not very positive. , AH of the
suspects-were held pending an attempt at
Identification . by Mrs. Dlchl's ; daughter,
who had a better view of tho. escaping
thugs. ¦ J- ,
The. Swedish-American, Republican Club
held, a^very successful annual picnic at
Shell .Mound Park yesterday. Dandmr
and athletic sports were the chief feat
ures of the. day's entertainment. The ar-"
rangements were In charge of A. N We
lander, B/O. Johnson, , E. Olaon.- J. . A lm
quist, N. G. Lindgren and-W. Gu»tafson.
Swedish Club Holds Picnic.
SALEM; Or.. March 80.— At St. Paul, a
country : village ; flf teen miles from here,
Clara Wilson, aged •; 2 1 /£ years, was shot
and. killed '.by Charles Combest, aged 10
years. 'The news of the killing reached
the ears of neighbors this morning: at 9
o'clock; although it occurred Jit 2 o'clock
yesterday." * ' v . " •¦ ¦'-':¦ .. . ¦, i'j..-*— '¦
'.-¦ This morning the ¦ officers > were ¦ notified
of the faflts, and Coroner Lane and Depu
ty Sheriff Colbath.went xo the scene. ¦ An
Inquest -was held, and the facts developed
Bhowed ' that the ' boy," while shooting out
iof -the house • at ; a -.bird '.with. 1 a. revolver,
struck the baby ¦ back- of i.Me right . ear.
-The dead child was a daughter of -Mrs.
Wilson, now. in a* hospital in San Fran
cisco, and wa« being cared for 'by Mrs.
Louisa* Combest: at St. Paul. Neighbors
allege that' tho child. had been mistreated.
The coroner's Jury found a verdict of acci
dental killing, but a -further Investigation
; may. be held. "':
ner's Jury. Says It Was"
Accidental.
Lad Shoots an Infant and a Coro-
TEN- YEAR -OLD BOY v •
CAUSES A BABY'S: DEATH
LONDON. March 31.— The * St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Dally Mall saya he has
learned that .Colonel Grimm, who Is to be
trl*d on the charge of having revealed . Rua
clan military secrets to foreigners, aold plans
to Austria and France and not to Germany,
as has, been previously stated. -.
CINCINNATI, March 30.— It was generally
expected j that' the brewer lockout, at Cincin
nati. Covlngton and -Newport would be 'for
mally declared oft to-day, but at a largely at
tended meeting, of the United Brewery Work
men-all the propositions, of the Brewers' Ex
change, were rejected. ¦ :
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. March- 30.— John 8
Long, aged 64 years, a retired capitalist, died
to-day.~*aflHK0jtfMmMsjMBfltoBj«|
NEW YORK, March 30.— Owing to the action
of Immigration Commissioner FItchle in glvim?
the immigration Inspector* on Ellis Island a
holiday on ' Easter Sunday, nearly 1000 Immi
grants were detained* aboard the American
liner St. Paul and the Cunarder Umbria, which
came into port to-day.
C. E. qarlson, proprietor of ¦ a restau
rant at l&V Fourth street, reported '.to the
'police • yesterday that early Saturday
morning burglars forced an entrance Into
the restaurant by breaking the glasa in a
rear They helped- themselves liber
ally to bread and meat, . but that was all
they took. ' . - . ...
Burglars in a Restaurant.
At the first ball given by the union
Labor party on Saturday night there was
a presentation contest,- the terms >b«kig
that the most popular man and. woman
of the party should each receive a gold
watch. Fire Commissioner Parry,- with
the compliment of 1635 votes, won the
handsome token, and Anna Mahoneyof
the Laundry Workers' Union, receiving
950 votes, was also given ' a gold ¦ watch.
In making the presentation of the
watch to Parry, George Auberdlne spoke
of the recipient as a man who had won
the esteem of the Labor party and de
clared that it gave him the greatest
pleasure to make the presentation. E. H.
Ew*ll in a graceful speech made the pre
sentation of the watch to Miss Mahoney.
Parry Wins Gold Watch.
I1TVASION OP ALBANIA .
IS IN CONTEMPLATIOTT
-LONDON, March 31.— Cabling from Cet
tinje, the capital of Montenegro, the cor
respondent there of the Daily Mall says
he believes Montengro contemplates an
invasion ' of the province of Ipek. Alba
nia, in behalf of. the oppressed Christiana.
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS
ARE SENT TO SIBERIA:
Eussian Government Punishes Them
tp'r Disregarding Begtilationa
' of the Governor General. -
ST. PETERSBURG, March 31.— At Mos-
COW last Wednesday twenty-six persona,
mostly students, were arrested for dis
regarding the regulations of the Governor
General and sentenced to terms of Im
prisonment varying from one to thr*e
months. The university students of St.
Petersburg estimate that ' twenty-five < >£
their comrades have - been ..sent to Si
beria.
A teacher In a preparatory classical
school here was shot by a student of th»
school, who declared the teacher .ha4
given him an unjust rating.
¦nth itwivrtr —
Ends His Own Life.
James Taylor, a fancy leather worker,
who lived at 987 Sutter street,, died last
night at the Homeopathic Hospital 2710
Central avenue, from the effects of poison
which he took several days ago with sui
cidal intents. Taylor was employed by a
man named Caldwell, and his relatives
claim that the reason he took the poison
was because his .wages were cut recently
Physicians Believe George T/Bohen,
the Well-Known Insurance
- Man, Is Dying:.
G6orge T. Bohen; formerly Fire Com-,
xnlssioner and a pioneer of this State, lies
dangerously ill at his residence, 671 Pine
street. His physicians hold out small
hope for his recovery, and lato last night
he was very low.
For the last few years Mr. Bohen has
been in the insurance business. He has
hosts of friends, owing to his kind and
courtly manner. He has one brother in
this city, Captain "Ben" Bohen, who was
recently pensioned after many years 6t
service on the detective force. . ' ; ;-; -t
POPULAR PIONEEB, LIES
•VERY DANGEROUSLY ILL
A young man named James -Driscoll, liv
ing at,638 Stevenson street, .was the vic
tim or a serious assault last evening. He
was- standing at the corner of StevenBon
and Seventh streets when jtwo men drove
up in a buggy. One of them jumped out
and, approaching Driscoll, drew a razor
from his pocket and slashed It across his
face. The men then drove away and es
.caped. Driscoll was. taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where the wound Was
dressed.. Driscoll Is /.unable to give any
cause for the assault. j - .
Slashes Man With Razor.
Services in a "Religious Edifice in
.^; ,'¦) Spokane Interrupted by
a Razor Affray.
SPOKANE, Wash.. March 3<X— Just aa
the services were beginning at the Afri
can .'Methodist Church to-night Fred
Stuart, a barber-shop porter, walked in,
and quietly "• stepped up behind Fred
Sharp, -who . -was seated In a pew with
Mrs. Hattie Reed, a young widow. With- I
out a word Stuart reached over Sharp's
head and drew a razor across his left eye,
almost dropping the eye-ball from its
socket. —
Sharp turned around and tried to
grapple with Stuart, who cut two deep
gashes In Sharp's neck and then started
for the door. Another man tried to k: <•.'¦->
the. raaor-wielder and received a small '
woifnd. Stuart escaped. The trouble is
supposed to have been caused by Stuart's
Jealousy of Sharp for taking the woman
to church. The services were Immediately
ended and the whole congregation was
in an ¦ uproar. At last accounts Stuart
was still at large.
NEGRO ENTEBS CHURCH
AND SLASHES BIVAIi
The Veterans of the Clvir War Asso
ciation held their regular meeting Satur
day evening, when a large attendance
was present. Martin Murray presided.
The veterans have expressed themselves
as not being satisfied with the recent or
der of President Roosevelt, claiming that
the civil service law 'still obstructs the
reinatatement of veterans who are, It Is
stated, illegally removed v in violation of
various resolutions of Congress.
It was said that the heads of depart
ments decline to reinstate veterans On the
ground that there is no vacancy. The
veterans claim that their removal is Il
legal and contfcnd that they, have a legal
right to reinstatement, which would not
be a violation, of the civil service rlules,
and a resolution to that effect was order
ed to be communicated - to the President
A resolution indorsing Samuel M. Short
ridge for United States Senator was
unanimously adopted.
Civil War Veterans ". Protect.'
The old. man had been quarreling at
Third and Franklin streets with a Mrs.
Wesley. Oscar Barrett, a young colored
man, interfered and, on Pantoskey's com
plaint, he was also arrested. Despite his
70 odd years, PanCoskey gave Policemen
Moore and Turner a hard battle, before
they arrived at the jail 'with their pris
oner.
Suspicion that Pantoskey was not right
mentally was aroused because of his vio
lent actions, but he did not become dan
gerous untii early this morning.
The old man had been placed In a cell
with several other prisoners. During the
night he quietly crawled from his 1 bunk
and tried to choke other occupants of the
quarters- to death. The jailers were com
pelled to bind the maniac hand and fojt
to prevent him from injuring himself or
others in the Jail. •
All night and during the day Pantoskey
was in a violent delirium and was kept
under restraint. His relatives, among
them a son, Jacob Pantoskey, were noti
fied. They will arrange to have the suf
ferer placed under medical attention.
The elder Pantoskey has lived in Oak
land for many years. He has been one
of the interesting characters "among the
lower Broadway colony of second-hand
dealers and junkmen.
Oakland Office San Francisco .Call,
¦ ¦ 1118 Broadway, March 20.
. Violently Insane* is aged Hermann Pan
toskey, an old-time South Broadway
character, who was .taken , to. the^ city
prison ' yesterday afternoon on a charge
of battery. ' ,.
In Hay wards all candidates have been
pledged to develop the town as much as
possible and advertise .the beautiful Cas
tro Valley, which is tributary .to that
town. There are three Town Trustees to
be elected and there are four candidates,
A. L. Graham, A. S. Jones, T. H. Martin
and P. Wilbert. J. A. Obermuller, present
Town Clerk, has a candidate against him
in the person of W. B. Zambresky, and
the contest between these two la a very
brisk one. . Charles Schilling, is a candi
date against VV. J. Ramage for Town
Marshal, a position that Ramage has
held for many years. E. B. Haas has no
opponent for Town Treasurer. The elec
tion takes place on Monday, April 14.
¦ There are two fights on in Llvermore
which will have to be settled at the elec
tion on April 14. W. H. Wright, the pres
ent Town Clerk, wants to succeed him
self, and M. G. Callaghan is contesting
with him for the votea of the people. D.
A. Smith, Town Marshal, desires to serve
another term In that position and has for
his opponent Jacob Johnson.
Pleasanton will 'hold its election- on
April 14. but there is absolutely no.con
test. The present officers are all candi
dates for! re-election, and, as there are
no. other nominees, they will all be re
turned. -They are: Trustees. Frank Lewis
and Henry Reimer: Marshal, E. E.Head;
-Treasurer, E. L. Benedict; Clerk, J. - H.
Neal. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ - '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• *--'• - 1118 Broadway, March 30.
Municipal elections will be held in sev
eral of the inferior towns of, Alameda
County during^ the-comlrig month. Thwe
are i no particular issues involved In any
of the contests, everybody uniting in an
agreement that now is the proper time to
advertise and develop the interior of Ala
m«da" County, as well as the district along
the bay shore. The resources of the inte
rior are very great and the campaigns
are all being made upon a basis of im
provement in the various towns.
The election at San Leandro will be
held on Monday, April 14. There are three
Town Trustees, a Marshal, Clerk and
Treasurer to be elected, and for each of
fice there are several candidates. The
nominees for Trustees are: S. V. DuBols,
J. I. Barbeiro, O.' J. Lynch, Isaac B. Ury,
John W. Van Horn and J. F. E. Hopper.
For Marshal, M. Geisenhoffer, who holds
the office at present. Will have to fight
M. J. O'Brien* and Jesse Bloodsworth for
another election. R. E. Gray, the present
Town Clerk, has two candidates against
him, L. J. Martin and E. L. McWorthy.
Joseph II errscher has a fight on his hands
for Town Treasurer, Marcus . Halverson
being also a candidate for that office.
; Monday,' March 31— Meeting of 19W Debatlns
Bociety jial.15" North Hall; at 4 p.; m., and de
bate off.' "Rciolved. - That' the United St&tea
Should Subsidize the Pacific Cable." with' O.
Youngs and Miss F. Champreux on the affirm
ative and E. 'A: Hamlln 'and ' G.' -Needham on
the negative :, mefetine' of Academic Council &j
1» South Hall at 7:30 p." in. for the consider-'
ation of report of committee on examinations;:
finals for the intercollegiate . debate In a tiles
Hall at 7 :30 p. m., with W E. Martin. 8 K. M.-
Allen. '.R. 8. Pierce..- C. ¦ G. "White, and M.,. E.
Deut8ch on the affimative and.C. C. Halnes,
R. L.. McWilllama, W. J. Burpee» - W. Itoth
chlld and M. Theien on the negative; public
address before CoiieKe'of Commerce Club-by. D.
E. Collins, president of ;the Callfornla r 13anK of
Oakland, on«.the • '.'Relation', of . Banktnx • ¦ to'
Commerce," in StiI<j«HaIl at -.8 "p. m.' :•¦ .- i
Tuesday— Jolnt : meetlng: of the acbloglcalneo-,
tlon fo the Sclehce ¦' Association and the'Zoolog
ical Seminar in 'M. c.ist hall, at 4 p. ¦ m., and
paper by Miss E. R. Con^don'on the origin of
paired ¦ limbs . of.^vertebrates; address ¦ before
Young; Women's -Christian- Association by Misd
Bertha Conde, national -student secretafy- of
the. Young Women's; Christian . • Association,'. In
Sllles Hail at 1:15 p. re.; (jrartuate Club dinner
in dining association ball, 0 p. m.; address be
fore Young Men's Chrietlan 'Association byDr. :
H. H.Bell on "Tru* Manly, Strength*: In Stiles'
Hall at 7:15 p. m. ; rehearsal of university, or
chestra in Presbyterian Church annex,; AHstoh
way, at 7:15 p. m.; meeting of secatein Btiles.
Hall at 8:15 p.m. and* debate On negro, suf
frage . question, wlth.'I. S. Metzlerand J; A;'-
Wllson on the affirmative and E.U. Gould
and.F. Lamberson on the 'negative, ' • .'
Wednesday— Address before Young Women's
Christian Association by Miss Bertha Conde in
Stiles Hall at, 11:15 a. m.; meeting: of finance
committee of regents at 401 California street,
San Francisco, at '3:30 p. m. ; meeting. of Bo
tanical Seminar In 2 Botany building at -4
p.»m., and paper by -pr. W. C. ' Blasdale on,
plant geography In th» temperate zone; meet
ing of Parliamentary Club in 17 South-Hall
at 8 p. in. • ¦ • ¦ : •
Thursday— Joint meeting of the mathematical
seminar and the mathematics, physics and 'as
tronomy section of .the Science Association In'
10 North Hall- at 4- p. m., and paper by C. T.
Chen • on .' "Chinese .< Mathematics" ; devotional
meeting of. Y.. M. C. A.- under laadershlp of.
X.. I Reed In. Stiles Hall at. B:15p.> m.; re
hearsal of. Choral- Bociety . In Hearst \Hall at
7:15 p.m.; meeting of students "preparing 5 for
medicine and dentistry In 26, East Hall at T:«0
p. m. for organlzatlbn of /Medical Biological
Club and to -hear.' address by Dr, A. E. Tay
lor; baseball rally. on. track at 8 p. m. ¦
Friday — Meeting "of Graduate Council In W
South Hall at 11 a. m. : meeting of Associated
Students in Harmon- gymnasium- at 11 a. m.
and nomination of -officers (open to members
of tho university) ; meeting of Associated
Women Students In 18 North Hall at 11 a. m.;
Associated Women Students', concert in , Hearst
Hall at 12:15' p.- m.; meeting of Physics De
partment in 14 South Hall at 4 p. m. and lec
ture by Professor * Perclval ¦ Lewis - on the
• 'Sehlieren '' Method ' and the : Direct Projection
oL Convectlort and • Diffusion Cu.rrent»" ; vls
ltlrs' night to»T!tudents' observatory from 6 to
10 p. m.: by cards .which must be secured In
advance- ftt the observatory.
r Saturday— Public lecture on leading ethical
theories, by H. A.- Overstreet, B flc. (Oxon) In
Mark Hopkins. Institute of Art/San Francisco
at 10:30 a. m.; baseball between Stanford and
California at Stanford University at 2:30 p. m
" BERKELJSX" March ;' 30.— The - calendar
for the coming week's student and faculty
events at; the. UnlversU^ of California is
as follows: .:-'."¦.. , " \<v
Intercollegiate Fin als to
' u y\: Occuiv: on Monday '¦ v
':¦: ' Evening. :| ' " r •; ; : -.;
In a Prison y Cell Aged
Hermann Pantoskey
Tries to Kill.
Will Represent the ' Southern'. Pacific
in Legal Matters in Southern
California. '. ' ;'" £ : ; ;,'
M. E. C. Munday .will shortly ,be,ap- 1
pointed chief counsel of the,Southern'Pa
cific Company at Lqs Angeles. : He ? ar
rived in this city yesterday and is 'staying
at the Lick. • ". ; ->- .-.¦•...¦¦•.-;¦
Attorney Munday ; will succeed 'Judge
John D. Bicknell, who recently > handed
his resignation to W.' F.--Herrin;. : a8~he
will in the .future atten.d,to_the;Hiuiting.
ton-Hellman legal matters ' in 'Southern
California. ; . - : . . • ..¦¦> ¦¦ •¦¦
Attorney Munday - is . well ; known
throughout the State as. a -prominent
-Democratic politician. -- : •-»- '.¦ ¦ ' '- .'
People Unite in Making
Improvement the -
Issue.
ATTOENEY MUNDAY' -IS . /
COUNSEL .HEBBIN'S CHOICE
TACOMA, March 30.— Dawson advices
state that Watchman George McMillan
has confessed to starting the flre which
recently destroyed the steamers Mona and
Glenora and two river barges at Steam
boat Slough, besides scorching the steam
er Rock Island, owned by the Northern.
Commercial Company.
News of the fire was sent to McLennan
and McFeeley, mortgagees of the burnc<i
steamers-, two weeks ago, and the North
west police have been working oh th«- case
ever since. McMillan was arrested for
arson before the flre was out. At lira
preliminary hearing at Dawson he 'waived
examination and was committed for trial.
After the hearing and when removed to
Jail McMillan was put through the "sweat
box" process by detectives. He broko
down and confessed to the crime. Ha
says his primary object was to conceal
the theft of provisions stored on the
boats. His confession implicates others,
for whom warrants have been issued.
Watchman McMillan at Dawson. Ad*
mlts He Was Instrumental
in Destroying Vessels.
CONFESSES HE BURNED
STEAMEBS AND BAKGE3
TOWNS PREPARE
FOR ELECTIONS
WEEK'S EVENTS
AT UNIVERSITY
VIOLENT MANIA
SEIZES PIONEER
V NEW , YOUK.-Ma^ch 30.— The' steamer
Pretoria' of the, &«ebec line returned- to
this* port to-night 'with- fire 'In her for
ward hold. -Her' passengers came In a
ahort time previously on" . the steamer
Noordland of the American line, havlig
been - transferred at sea. The Pretoria is
anchored at Tompklnsvllle" and fireboata
from , the city were : dispatched thither at
9:30'O'clock as soon as the news of the
fire -was received. The Noordland Is an
chored at, quarantine > and the Pretoria's
passengers will be landed in tho morning.
-The Pretoria left this port yesterday
'afternoon '--for. Hamilton, Bermuda, with
Captain McKenzIe In command. At mid
night smoke was seen coming out of the
forward hold. The fire could not be lo
cated exactly. .The engines were stopped
and Captain McKenssie ¦ got- ready tor any
emergency. ' • — ;<\
The lifeboats were put Into condition for
hasty lowering and were stocked with
provisions. At this time the vessel -was
100 ; miles south of; Sandy Hook. At. 6
o'clock this morning the Captain realized
that the flames In the hold were making
headway against the streams being poured
Into the compartment and he determined
' to ¦¦ head back for New York. At 9 o'clock
the = Noordland, /bound from Philadelphia
to Liverpool, hove In sight. The Pretoria
signaled her and she was soon alongside.
Captain McKenzIe then decided to remove
his passengers. They had .remained quiet
• and • soon ; . were transferred * in ' lifeboats.
Then both vessels came on to New York.
Back. to New -York Harbor.
FLAMES IN THE : HOLD.
Quebec Line Steamship Pretoria Puts
larger craftwan found Inadequate for the
ia»K.' It 1» thought that an entirely new
truck will havo to be built around thin
gap in the road'refore traftlc x can once
more bo carried on, f'a«scngen» east
bound have been held at Hlnmarck, and
no wnstbound coast trains ° have been
started from- St. Paul. A train reached
hero to-night' bearing a number of pas
*engerswno had been nuccessfully fer
xlea acros* the lake . at McKenzie, and
they report the situation thcro extremely
bad. * As; no 'freight can be moved west
ward there is some fear that-a famine In!
foodstuffs may result in Bismarck and its
vicinity. Some- of the Northern Pacific
buciness'has been transferred to the Bur
lington- at .Billings, Mont.v and in that
•way.'it 1 . Is' hoped to open an avenue of
'communication.' with' the v north coast
cities. .The most' optlmlstlc'of the rail
road officials 'are Inclined to- believe that
it will be at least !ten days before through
. traffic can j be re-established - by the regu
•lar route. .'"., .v -• \
A 'dispatch from Bismarck, *N. D., re
ceived late > to-night,' gays railroad offi
cials, there'-hof e- to have a train -through
some time J to-night. Passengers, mall
and baggage were to-day conveyed by
wagon to the neck -of th^ temporary lake
and there . ferried across with , a gasoline
launch. ¦.--.¦ i •
It was Blow work I. the teeth of a cold
wind that blev/' rnw i.fn sleet In the
faces- of the passengers, but many were
.willing to brave the .discomforts of the j
elements In order to- -end .the -tedium of
waiting.' Ties, rails, * etc., are being
"rushed to the lake and a temporary track
will be constructed with as much speed
as possible.'. -An immense amount- of
freight Is accumulating; at. <bpth-' ends. of
.the; .washout, . and unless this la scon
moved a great loss will be entallod upon
the railroad company. In addition to «t hat
•already occasioned by the delay in traffic.
street* and «evcn>ly Injured internally.
curtln gained much notoriety about two
years n go In boing mixed up In an affray
In which Mrs, 1m lilanchn was shot by her
husband, Henry Le Blanche, when ho
found her in another man's room. Curtln
wuB at the time a spotter In the employ
pi John Curtln's dntectlve agency and was
hired by Le Hlanche to shadow his wife.
Are Arranging" Society' "y audev ill e and Min
•' strel Show As a Benefit.
at -.8 o'clock. The stage i» large find can
easily b« fixed to moot tne needs ol the
actors. The building. will tteat 2&X). The
price of admltttifon lias been fixed at 25
- cents, reserved Heats being' 25 iiml DO cents
extra.
¦ .Committees, eight In number, have the
entertainment In hand. They are made up
as follows: : .
Oeneral arrangement*— -J. II. Arnold, '02,
rlirtlrmitn; Hewitt Davenport, tX''iri; Mli«
Adi«l<l LawU, '02..
AtlvittlxiiiK— H. n. lliill<'tt, '00, chairman;
Bryair Hull, 'O!Jj Ik« Karmel, 'OTS.
Souvenir frosrarnmo— Hoy Hrownlnr. 'ft*,
chnlrmnn; Arthur K*\*», '(A: Willln feck, '0»f
Will f.'rltt«n<l*n, '00; A. L, Prlct, '04.
Kail Brrangem«nt»—II. A. Warrlns, '0:),
chairman; Roy Plnkham, '02; Oeonrn Sessions,
'M; Stanley Walton, '0.1; ,ltob#rt Holder. '05;
Jttferftnn Oruven, '05; Harmon Edwards, '05.
Docorntlon — frank Halrd, '02, chairman:
Alfred Holmes, 'O'J; Otto Hehulzo/'O3; Norman
Tltii*. '04; IlnrVy Seo4rlnrd, 'CO: Husstll Wil
liam*, '01: Ml** Edna Wcmple, '02; MU*
Martha ltlcft, '01; Mis* Kathenna Smith, '02;
MIm U«m Pratt, 'ii'i.
Htaglng— J. R. Carter, '02, chairman; U L.
Hyttiw*. '05; Chester lirown, '00; O, C, Ixivlx.
'u:i; itert Ilowell, '0.1.
Munlc— Ralph Curtis, '01, chairman; Walter
Urown, '0.1; V. If. Redewlll, J02; A. B.
Wheeler, '03, v
Advlnory— .Profewor A. O. L«u»ehn»r, Pro
fessor Edmund O'Neill. Professor C. U Cory,
Ralph KIkImt 'o!: Mis* Oraco Woods, '02;
Ml» Kllxo Wenzelbuiirer, '02.
Determined Not to Let Cai./^rnia Athletes
Go East Short of Funds.
BERKELEY, March 30,-The stu
dents of the University of Califor
nia have no Intention of allowing
the track team to go East short of
funds, and another entertainment
in being arranged for It* benefit. This
time It will be a society vau<l«fvlll«« and
minstrel show, In which alumni and un
der graduates will take part. Tulent has
been promised from both sides of the bay
and many familiar faces will bo seen In
new specialties or recognised behind burnt
cork. J. H. Arnold, a Kenlof*. first planned
for the show and his suggestion* are bo
ing carried out.
Tho preparation of the programme has v
been placed In the hands of Hewitt Dav- "
enport, a former student and amateur >
minstrel and vaudeville performer of abili
ty, who has fop en seen in many society '
entertainments here and elsewhere. Ho in
receiving great encouragement in filling
the numbers, not only among. the students,^
but among tho alumni at well. Commit
tees from the student body have
been named to lake charge of tho work,
which., comes In connection with tho en* .
tertttlnment/
The vaudeville will be held In Harmon
gymnaelum on Friday evening, April 18,
misused, with certain circumstances that
may mitigate the offense so that all will
be well again for the young man.
Huston has served two enlistments in
the army,' making four years in all. Last
August* while he was stationed at the
Presidio, shortly after his return from
the Philippines, he became mixed up in
some affair in which he was accused of
stealing 1 a twenty-dollar gold piece. At
that time he was sergeant major of the
Fifteenth Cavalry, and without a word to
any one he deserted, leaving all his be
longings at the post. Two weeks after
his disappearance a commission -arrived
from Washington appointing him a first
lieutenant.
Huston had a splendid record during his
two years' service a» a trooper in the
Philippines, and the commission was in
reward for this. He claims to have spent
two years at West Point, and his appear
ance and manner are guch as to entitle
him to belief in this statement. He de
serted on August 23 of last year, and (wo
days following he enlisted in the navy at
Mare Island. II Ik capabilities gained his
quick promotion In the new service, and
when he was arrested he was holding the
position of chief commissary at a salary
of $70 a month. s
The arrest was made at the ferry build-
In* by Detective J. U. Freel, wno wu«
watching for the deserter to take the boat
on his way to Mare Inland. Huston nuy»
he is a native of San Francisco and watt
born In the Presidio, ills father was an
army officer, but resigned when ha
reached the grade of captain and went
Into bu»lne«». Of late years his home has
been In New York, but at present ho la
traveling In Europe. .
The young man claims that ho wax not
in hi* proper mind when he <Jenert«<i from
the Prexluio, having Just recovered from
an attack of fover contracted in the Phil
ippines, He says a conspiracy was formed
uKulnst him by some of the non-cornml*
sioned officer* at the fort, who were j'-.-ii
oun of hjs expected preferment and It
was mull' to appear that he had stolen
$20. Without attempting to clear hlmselt
of tho charge, he departed, and two days
later became u sailor. Apparently h«
feels his present position keenly, but
hope* that his previous good record may
so plead for him that his commission will
not be rescinded. Short of this he U win
ing to undergo whatever rigorous disci
pline the military authorities may decree
for him in punlxhment for his desertion.
Behind the arrest of W. H. Huston last
night for desertion from the United States
army lies a strange story of opportunity
STUDENTS WORKING TO RAISE MORE MONEY
TO DEFRAY UNIVERSITY TRACK TEAM EXPENSES
ORPHEUM BILL
GOOD AS USUAL
Field's Greater Minstrels
Pfvpve Unusually
Clever.
Local Theaters Well Patron
ized by Lovers of
the Play.
"v - ¦
The Orpheuin presents a novel bill this
week, including several of the best turns
going the rounds of r the vaudeville cir
cuits. Homer Lind, the actor-singer, and
his company of players, presenting the
one-act musical comedy "Gringoire, the
Street Singer," please the audience with
excellent vocal music and superb acting.
Supported by W. V. Ranous, Fenwlck
Leach, Ada Nevil and Zclie Davenport,
Mr. Llnd and his favorite comedy are
eure to attract considerable attention the
rest of the week-
Mr, and Mrs. Siahey Drew lost none of
their popularity in presenting their latest
success. "A Model Young Man." It Is a
clever bit . of comedy, in which a gay
young man, waking up broke after a
night's hilarity, squirms through a bad
half hour with his Intended wife, who
calls at his topsy-turvey apartments • to
borrow a "hundred" for grandma. Mr.
Drew, as the gay young man, does the
part to perfection, and Mrs. Drew over
- looks none of her art to make the scenes
as funny as possible.
Frank Lincoln, the globe-trotting hu
morist, confessed to having a bad cold,
but he managed to warm the audience
into several good laughs during his turn.
Paphit a, the charming fire dancer, entered
upon the second week of her engagement.
The Mclani trio of vocal and instrumental
artists performed with unusual clever
ness, but. during their turn a gentleman
sitting In one of the boxes fell asleep,
much to the amusement of that portion
of the audience who could not understand
the foreign tongue in which the Melanl
trio sing and more to the embarrassment
of the trio.
The other good turns on the bill are
Gorman and Keppler, Fred Stuber. the
banjo artist, and Louis 6imon and Grace
Gardner In their original comedy "The
New Coachman."
• • •
Al. G. Field's Greater Minstrel* were on
the bill at the California last night with
the usual minstrel Jokes and comical end
men. The show is up to the usual min
strel standard, the singing fc#lng very
good,
Reese PronBt-r. tho Welsh tenor, sings in
fine style. Tho comedy .of the play is ably
handled Vy Al. Field, Tommy Donnelly,
Mullen tin& Correll and Frank Fogerty.
Mullen and Correll are good as athletic
comedians; Donnelly and Fogerty shine in
amusing songs and jokes, while the
brothers Walton are dancing acrobat!.
Tho International Singing Congress,
composed of Heese Prosser, Joseph illazn
phln, Aubrey C. Prlngle, Thomas Me*
Kenna, Paul La. Londe, A. Fred Aelkens,
Addison Waltz and L. Diamond, sings
well. Altogether the bill is deserving of
patronage. >
• • * -
"The Christian" will play another week
at the Columbia Theater, where it is
crowding the -bouse at every perform
ance. Hall Caine's great play is one of
the most Interesting theatrical works at
the day and an interpretation of extra
ordinary merit greets the auditor these
days at the Columbia. The John Storm
of Edward Morgan Is a magnificent per
formance. He is excellently supported by
a company headed by Miss Elsie Leslie.
One of the season's big attractions fol
lows "The Christian" next Monday night.
On that occasion will appear E. S. Wil
lard in his latest success, "The Cardinal,"
by Louis N. Parker. The play is eald to
be an exceptionally fine one and the cele
brated English actor and his company
give one of the finest productions of the
times. Willard will have lift his reper
toire, besides 'The Cardinal." "The Pro
fessor's Love Story." "Tom Pinch" and
"David Garrick."
• • •
The Grand Opera-house announces for
this week, the third of Melbourne Mac-
Dowell's engagement, another of the Sar
dou plays, "The Empress Theodora,"
with Mr. MacDowell in the part of An
dreas, one of his most successful por
trayals. The star will be supported by
Miss Florence Stone, who will appear as
the Empress Theodora, a. role In which
the actress achieved much success last
year during the Sardou season at the
Grand Opera-house. The piece will be
mounted with the care, nnleh, and even
splendor, that characterizes all the pro
ductions of this house.
The charming Martha Morton comedy,
"Brother John," will be the attraction at
the Alacazar Theater this week. The
comedy is a favorite wherever played,
and deservedly. It has a clear, amusing
plot, le Quaint in story, and lends Itself to
effective handling' by any company of
reasonable attainments. The Alcazar
Stock Company fehould do excellent work
In the play. Mr.' Alsop has the name role,
a hatter who has made money by the in
vention of a new shape in felt hats, and
whose brothers and sisters are given a
good time to their own way by their In
dulgent relative. They get into all sorts
of scrapes over their 'good time," and
are rescued by the ever kind Brother
John, who has meantime fallen in love
with his charming forewoman.
• • •
"The Bleeping City," a new four-act
" melodrama, will be the offering at the
Central Theater this week. The scene Is
laid la New York with realistic pictures
of the in and outside of Sing Sin? Prison,
Battery Park, the river and other places
of Interest. The plot promises sensations
galore, and at the rate of one a minute,
.and all the Central favorites will be cast
in the drama.
• • •
Any one who has bo far neglected his
opportunities as not yet to have taken in
"The Serenade," would better repair the
deficiency soon, as this week sees the end
of the pretty Tlvoll production of the
opera. There have been successes of all
kinds achieved by the clever people at the
Tlvoll. and it is all round as good as any
thing that the company has been seen or
beard in. Next Monday comes another
•Alice Nielsen opera, "The Fortune
Teller."
To-night begins the third and laet week
of the popular musical success at
Fischer's Theater, "L4ttle Christopher."
Iv'ew features will be added to-night. Fol
lowing this burlesque, the famous Weber
& Field plays will have a run, commenc
ing with "Fiddle Dee Dee," which ran
for a year at Weber & Field's famous
playhouse and for the entire season al
the Buffalo Exposition. The sale of seats
begins on Thursday and there is already
a great demand.
• • •
Tfte e«J« of ff ats for the eons recitals
by Mat and Julia Heenrlch at Sherman
Clay Hall on Tuesday and Thursday
evening! and Saturday afternoon will
open this morning at Sherman Clay &
Co.'a music store. A feature of Tuesday
nlghf* program will be the recital by Mr.
Heenrlcn of Tennyson's "Enoch Arden."
to -which Miss Heenrlch will play on th«
pianoforte Richard Btrauiss* melodramatic
musical eettlng. The entertainments are
under the direction of Bouvler and Green
baum. '¦_
Deserts From Presidio
Just Before His
Promotion.
Is Commissioned a Lieutenant
Two Weeks After _..
Disappearance.
STRANGE FREAK
OF A SOLDIER
*THE SAN FRANCISCO; G&LU- vMO^AYV•:^^:Mi^bH^^•;3l;¦;. 1902.
9
- - FOR R9
Bilious ana Nervous Disorders
Sick Headache and Constipation,
TAKE
Iflellmslood
Many a mother has found
relief and co m fort in the
health and happiness' of
her, babe when it was fed
with Mellin's Food' and
fresh milk. .
, SEPfD A POSTAlJPOR A FREB
/ SAMPLE OF MELLIH'S FOOD.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1902
10
SPIRITUALISM. ; . '
• A— cTv. MILLER? world's^fumous materialis-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tuea., Frl.. Bun., 8 P. m.; 60c. 1084 Bush:»t.
MR8. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. .
MRS. HUBBARD. ' 109 Oak— Circle Tues. and
Frl.. 8 p. m.;>Wed. ladles, 2:30;p. m., ; !10c;
. reading dally., 50c' - . .. ' ¦"¦ ¦'
PROF. GEE, 8% G. G. ave.— Readings, 50c-$l;
• $1 readings In circle Tue8,Thurs.Frl.nlght,25c.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus., medium: tpbacoo
habit, cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone -Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.-
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J,,
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
¦ CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— ISMAR. THE GYPSY. :" •'•'£:>
Ismar. the . Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc :t
cess Is possible, ' were It not for the laok of fore-
sight into the future; if you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or v not satis-
fied In life, consult Ismar, for she Is a prophet-
ess of world-wide fame, and her name has be-'
come a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice; Ismar can be
consulted dally from 10 a: m." to 5 p. m., Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m.. at her office, 1148
Market st; opposite Sixth.: . * *;
SPECIAL-rOwing to a large number of in-
quiries from -country persons, Ismar wishes to
announce that Her readings by mail are equally
as satisfactory as in person; readings by mail
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS *, ¦
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives- an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-,
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, , discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-,
dlum and you .will be told, how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
A*-50c and $1; PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
eettlfs lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry; bow to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth,
lock hair, 6 questions. 1007 Vi Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. , CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send 6tamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great 'clairvoyant, telis
past, future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; open Sun., 10 to 8 p. m. 215V& Cth,
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist " permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. ra.
to 5 p. in. . Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born, with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $; palm, and clalr. sit $1 60. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; 'clairvoyant,
crystal seer;'reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. nC
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st ¦¦
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader, has returned. 11 6th; German spoken.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c ;jG. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 23c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near Cth; open Sun.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st, room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; Lards & tea leaves
read accurately: L. 25c. G. 50c 521% Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladieu
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard.- cor. 3d.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to* 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
DENTISTS^; „_„__.
A DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
' .Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other'
fillings, $1 ; gold ' and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
. Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, . bridges
and fillings; extractions ors filling -* by- -my
•wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice* free;- prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; , lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor/
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 f><>
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,'
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;-
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-.
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
. warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c;
. plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
SEIi my new pink ivory plates; see my new '
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; -'fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
less ext, 50c; plates $."> up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. 54; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist
SET of teeth without olate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggl«ts
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL. (
HEALD' S~SCHOOL OF.ELECTrTcAiTeNG^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st. S. F.;
, catalogue free. ' • ¦ • .
AIRES', Leading Business College, 723. Market'
— S8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-.
, tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic,' penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free::
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, -24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;-
all subjects pertaining: to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. '
ALL Gregg stenographers- secure positions; 31
good positions in March; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, 12.".(i Market.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited- preparatory.
, school for. the university, law and medical
; colleges; references. President : Jordan ¦ or any
i Stanford professor. ; Phelan building. ' -.
"A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $G0; catalogue.. '
GOLDEN Gate College, 530 Golden Gate ave.,'
. San Francisco— One month free to those en-
. tering for six months; bookkeeping or short-
hand course; positions soon-RS qualified. ¦ \
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School.
; associated with theatrical agency/ securing
.- positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING— Civil, dec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
• vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve, ; est. 1804. Van
: . der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City. Hal!.'
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on const;
brglnncrs and college . graduates . perfected.
• TA.RR,- expert accountant, -219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA j Business College; most thorough
modern method*; positions for nil graduate*;
¦,¦ new CO- page catalogue free. ,305, Larkln sf '
SPANISH.^rench.etc.Prof.DqFlllppe'sAcademy
• cf LanKuages..S20Post;estab'd 1871 .'ablest nrofn.'
VIOLIN. • guitar,' mandolin; banjo taught in
• clai>s, '$1 month. ]83G Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
. lessons, ''TjOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth bt. ;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,"
etc.; day or eve.; $5 ma 1021 Mlselon.nr. : Cth. :
SHORTHAND taught by ma 11 1 or • ,' personally.
'. MISS M. G., BARRETT, .'102 j Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, ¦ guitar.' Prof . :MERKI, J good
teacher. ; 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home. .
Expert, 302 Van Ness ave. ' ¦¦, . . ,
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class.. 424; Pine st. ::
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
¦ • founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free...*
EBIPLO YMEXT OFFICES. \ '
A — JAPANESE 'J reliable '. hi>use-cleanlng, cooks
and waitres furnished at short ' notice. ' : Geo:
. -Klnoshita. 1233 Page, cor.' Lyon; tel. Fell 8501; ,
CHINESE and Japanese | Employment - Office—
Best help..411V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. 'East' 426.';
CHINESE and Japanese help ;'< estab.* 20 years •¦
;, .Tel. 'Main 1997. BRADLEY &, CO.',: 640 Clay.;
,;^ HELP/AyAWTEP---.ai AliE-— Con^^ _
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 aeary st.
......; WANTED ................
....For New Railroad Work In, Nevs-ia....
r.oo teamsters for 'Nevada... 13 'a day
COO in borcm for Nevada $2 u day
100 rockmen for Nevada...' ..,
'. ;..:... $2 a day and Increase
20 stone masons for Nevada $4 a day
'60 masons' helpers for Nevada.,.. $2 a day
.60 plow holders for Nevada...... *2 25 a day
'BO wheeler loaders for -Nevada.. $2 25. a day
3 blacksmiths /for Nevada.. ........ $3 a day
Ship Night and Morning....
Free Fare....... Ship Dally..'. ... -Free Faro
100 tunnelmen.. $2. $2 50 and $3 a day
. : . . For Chatsworth Park .... Big Tunnel ....
........Ship To-day Free Fare
50 laborers for the Coast road. ..$l'7B a day
C. R. HANSEN' & CO 104 Geary . st./
(Will remove March 31 to 429 Bush at. op-
poslte California Hotel.) ; : ,' :
AN elderly man of good appearance wanted to
do sidewalk speaking; must be a good talker;
one who has had experience addressing* peo-
ple, preferred; good salary to right person.
Apply GEORGE ,'MAYERLE,- Optician. 10T1
-Market st . ¦¦ ' ,--".;¦
BARBER shop-^ . chairs : . Western ' Addition :
' well fitted and i doing: good business.
STOLTZ. 723 Market et
GOOD barber wanted: steady Job. 250 Sixth.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shOD. 229 Cali-
fornla st. . -. ¦ .; .. . " .
GOOD barber for three days. 1405 Polk st.
WAITER • wanted. 32S9 Mission st, near
. Twenty-ninth. . . '
WANTED — A middle-aged man to work on a
[ farm. Apply 119 Tenth st
GORDON press boy. R. R. .PATTERSON.
429 Montgomery st. ....
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. Call at
4127 Eighteenth st, above Castro.
BOY' for office work; must know how to write
on typewriter. * 538 Market st. '
BOY wanted. 862. Geary st .">":<'^
BARBERS, good four-chair shop: central loca-
tion. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale; good loca-
I tlon; room In rear; $125. . 1712 Howard st
BARBER shop for sale. 181 Minna, st. ; boss is
sick. ¦-¦¦.--
WANTED — An, expert sewing machine ad-
juster, with • factory experience on button-
' hole and special machines. Apply for three
¦ days. Standard Sewing Machine Co.. 6-8
California st. ¦' - - --¦¦
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps," U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to > speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED — Experienced furnishing goods sales-
man, acquainted with the trade. . to travel in
Oregon and Washington; reference with ap-
<pllcatlon. Box 4C07, Call office. '
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 0S3 Clay ft.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin.-Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third at. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2^per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free;: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — A steady man with $150 as . r-art-
ner. in business thct will pay more than good
wages. 36 Geary st*, room 1.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; M7 week; steady place: no expe-
rience necessary. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Cloak and suit salesman: must be
thoroughly experienced in this. line. Address
box 4571, Call. . . - -' . .
YOUNG men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience required.. L. . LEVY, Battery and
Jackson sts. •:*.-"¦" •
WANTED — Tailor to trim coats for machine at
BELASCO & HARRIS. 541 Market st
ASSISTANT trimmer on' coats. BELASCO- &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st -
FIRST-CLASS pants maker. ROSENBLUM &
ABRAHAM, 1 103 • Market st -
WANTED— Cash [ boy. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m.. Hale Bros.'
100 MEN for 'steamers going north; must be
over 21. At HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart st
ERRAND boy wanted. 2011 Fill more street
SAILORS— Green hands for all parts of the
world. Apply at agents, 213 Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS coat, maker to work inside by
week. Rosenblum & Abraham, 1103 Maiket
.WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Arply at HALE BROS."
SAILORS and green . hands . for a trip north.
¦ At CANE'S, 7$ Jackson St.
i PENSION atty., E. A. Bullia. room 40. Phelan
big. Fast Cc;n. Geo. H. Thomas Post G. A. R.
WANTF.D — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.', 24 Sutter.
WANTED — 60 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard; changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market
1 500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st, nr. 5th.
YOUNG' men to learn barber- trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILO.RS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S; 20 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House.. 44 Third st. near Mar-
-" ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. • ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received. at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
* HORSES AND WAGONS.
•A' I.OT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. -327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, eta; auction sale3 every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well-lroken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues, by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec, 610 Golden Gate ave.
FOR »ale, Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived.,
several fine . road and business horses, new
buggien and harness. 1499 Market. . cor. 11th.
HORSE. .$15: buggy. $15; cart $7 50; wagon.
$35: single milk wagon. $30; harness. ?7 50.
79 City Hall ave. - •. . ' ' ..
A NEWBY top wagon, suit bakery, laundry or
' butcher...- Call 119 Third st; In paint shop.
SECOND-HAND business buggy; good as new;
also top buggy. 1370 Turk st.
| Largest' stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey. harne«fl, work, driving horses. 13th& Valencia
ALL kinds of wagons, bu/rgies. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No, 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
¦cular. O.'H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SWELL 28 'rooms;; nice. -clean, sunny, down-
stair*; half block from Market st. PPECK
& CO.. C«7 Market st ¦' • . . ..
9-ROOM sunny modern house; rent reasonable
to suitable tenant : Apply 1918 Central ave.,
bet Sacramento and California sts.
$11— SUNNY houne 5 rooms; yard and base-
ment. :. Key 2228 Peary st. •'-
ffoiJSES TO /» LET— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house 8 rooms and bath; rent
, $20; furnltufe- for s;Ue cheap to tenant 672
Harrison st.
HOUSES WANTED. " ¦ :
LADY wants charge house fcr summer during
¦- owner's absence; pay nominal rent; reference.
Box 4587,. Call office.
- HOUSES. -FOR SALE.
NEW house, 7 rooms;. sun all' day; fine- resi-
dence district; Portola »st. off Waller.' bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORE.' 63 Portola.
LOST ANli * FO UN JJ.
LO3T — Light brown hound, with name, address
- and license -on collar: Return' to 532 Pacific
.st; receive" reward. ' ."- ."T*--
LOST — Roll of checks and money . orders In-
dorsed by the German General Benevolent So-
ciety;- payments; of. same have been . stopped.
* Please return to 360 Geary st.;, reward $5. :
LOST— March 27, ; from Dr. • Buzard's dog hoj-
- pital,' cor.; Post' and Fillmore , sts.. ' a.- black
.'. cocker . dog. . Return to owner, .413 Hyde st,
; and < receive • reward. V .:. i'~- v
LOST— Friday '/night,* probably; on Hayes-st.
• cars,": ladles' gold -watch, . fob chain;- lockets,
charms, scent .bottle, v etc.; suitable reward;
no questions. CM. COLE. 1039 Market st
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES Con tinned
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
'. ,ton; tel.' Grant 168;* expert, 'reliable help.
JAPANESE? and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. OEO.AOKI; tel. Bugh 133.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
• fice; all kinds help: 315 Stockton; 'Main' 0188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
1 reliable help. 624 Bush at.; tel. 516, ¦¦¦
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^Japanene, Chl-
nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter.tel.Black B072.' ;
EaiPLOYME^^VANTEP FEMALE.
BY* a first-class lady's maid; best '-of city ref-
erences. ' Call'J^ F. v CROSETT & GO., -334
¦ /Sutter.st.: ¦• •¦ '¦ '.;¦' .< , ;, - - - M ' : '¦
A RESPECTABLE girl wants position In pri-
vate, family as cook; wages $25 to $30. Ad-.
dress 210 Golden Gate. ave. ¦;. /'-."¦
FIRST-CLASS cook ', (American and : German)
wishes: situation; private family: ¦ city or
country. 770 Folsom; et. ,% -¦ ¦' •¦''¦¦ ¦':-';
YOUNG. woman , wishes position as companion
.to a refined invalid lady; will take " full
. ;. charge. MISS ¦ B., ¦ Call Branch, 106 11th St.-
A WOMAN desires work, assist with general
housework • arid take care of children. • 22
Page at .....»; .;, , : - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' --:. -.-'.¦¦ ¦
GOOD reliable .woman wishes to go outby.the
"day .washing and cleaning; $1 a day and car-
, fare. ' Apply 31 Fulton st -. '.¦:¦: ¦¦'
SWEDISH girl wants work by the day, wash-
Ing and Ironing, 403 Stevenson st'
RELIABLE ¦ woman ¦ wishes position • as > work-
: ing housekeeper or, general housework ¦' In
small family; thoroughly; competent; • flrst-
class references. -Box 4586, Call office.
POSITION by. a' respectable German woman as
housekeeper and -companion or '. caretaker:
city or country. - Address box 4258, Call of-
. flee. Oakland. ...... ; * ; , . .;.-
.WANTED by . competent' woman, position .: as
housekeeper for. summer resort, family, hotel
or family. .-Address box '4594. Call office. ' ;
GOOD experienced young Japanese '; girl wants
position' to do -housework or to take care -of
children: :_ Pleaset call at 3 Mary lane. ¦•
REFINED French girl wishes a position with
: a family going abroad. M. C. 792 Van Ness.
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper in
: the mountains. Box 4257, Call office, • Oakld.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 00 per night; $1 60
• to $6 week: convenient and' respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. , '.
WANT . ads. and • subscriptions taken for The
- Call at -Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st ¦
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements ana
subscriptions has , been established at 1090
> Valencia at.V.'- v : . ¦.--¦¦
'EMPLOYMENT WAMTCD MALE.
FIRST-CLASS florist and landscape gardener,
¦ also, vegetables and orchard, wants position
on a private place; city or country: best of
references in California. Box 4589, Call.
WANTED— Positions 'by man and wife; wife is
a cood cook and experienced in general
housework: man good driver and thoroughly
understands -care - of . . horses; handy man
around private place; city or country. MRS."
PETERSON, 726 Utnh st.
SITUATION.' wanted by man with experience
and good recommendations as superintendent
or foreman on; construction of mountain
roods, ditches, power plants or dams. Box
, 4605/ Call office. ;-:„-:.. •.-.--..
GARDENER;- sober and ; industrious German
with years of experience in care of large
grounds; can run gasoline engine; milking;
handy -with- tools; wishes position; good ref-
erences..-' Box 4C06,' Call office. • -.;
ACCURATE bookkeeper wants any clerical po-
¦ sitlon; shipping. Importing and commission
experience; speaks French, Italian, Spanlnsh.
etc. ;' excellent- references; salary moderate.
BOX.4C00. Call office. - .' .- . >
SINGLE man and ¦ Bister want positions.' care
of - farm, ranch f, or private place, or - some-
thing; experience and reference. Address
CHARLES DALE, 524 16th st, Oakland, Cal.
THOROUGH ' bookkeeper, and accountant,' hav-
ing a few hours to spare dally, is open to an
engagement; would post and check books by
the month. Box 45.SS. Call office.
YOUNG married couple want positions, private
place/ , country: good, handy couple: man
about stock -or house; • willing -. people; no
triflers. : Box 4553, Call of ace.
SITUATION Wanted by. man with best cf ref-
erences to ¦' care for summer residence' In
' mountains. , Box -4604.' Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly, clean, sober
' German cook in lunch or small boarding
house. .Please address box '4548. Call, office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements -and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for .Call "advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1001!
• -Valencia st. • ': . .. ."
' '• -FLATS, TO ¦ LET. / '_¦
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6-
room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
ing on park; sun air day; 10 minutes to City
Hall on Halght-st cars. 47. Portola st, cor-
ner Duboc« Park, ' first corner west from
Stelner and Waller Fts. f •
ELEGANT new flats; low rent; 755-7C7 Sixth
ave. ; McAllister, Geary, Sacramento and Sut-
ter St. cars" to door. SPECK & CO., 667
• Market st. , . v •- -¦
CALIFORNIA,. 2310%. near Webster— 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. • G. H. UMBSEN*
&, CO. '
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
, tubs and bath; $1S. 1181 A. Howard st.
$25 — MODERN flat of 6 ' sunny .rooms.'. 2719
Pine St.. near Devisadero. ' .
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath; large stable;
rent ?25. 2940 Howard," bet. 25th and 26th.
FLATS TO LKT— FURXISHED.
COMPLETE furnished flat, five or six rooms;
references. ! Box 4656, Call office. ¦ . .
COMPLETELY furnished flat; of 7 rooms;
piano. 1530 Grove -St. ; call bet. 4 and 5 p. ra.
UPPER flat, 4 rms. bath, gas range, $25; lower
flat 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4. 1517 Golden Gate.
FURNISHED flats; 3 rooms; $12 50 and $15.
C35 McAllister st. '¦-¦'.
' FINANCIAL. ."...I."...
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 of flees In operation; new method of
' .placing stocks and bonds; companies. Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten.. Call
or address main office. -507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
i tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 328 Pout
, FUKMTURE FOR SALE. ; ';
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $4S 60. with No. 7
range.Klng Furniture Co... 1127-1131 Market.
s PURXITIIRE WANTED. ;' V.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner, bldg.
A. WOLLPERT/773 Mission st... pays highest
' price for second-hand furniture: tel., Red 1354.
GLOVES...
D.-& F. BLACK suede glove;, best In the world;
, warranted: kept In repair. ¦ 121' Grant ave.
HELl' WAKTK 1 ?T_ t *' E M A }' *? - -- - - -
'At'cV "ilTi-I A NSEn! & T CO. ¦ S : . Phone Gran t 1S5
3 HOTEL DEPARTMENT ':. •• • •' } •
¦ Hotel housekeeper; springs.".' . .'...'..... ¦ • • •"'•'5
Head waitress . :.."......'. .,.'. .' " 35 "f ,:°
. Crew of waitresses, springs. '..'..'. iiv;!*:,
50 waitresses, city, and 'country. . 520-J..0
. Chambermaids,' city andcountry. ........ -$-0
' Laundress and chambermaid, country hotel^
. Laundress, country hotel, fare 'paid .$25
WaltrecB. name ' place, fare paid ... ."..•• '•'••*"
J! waitresses, Arizona, . freeware. ,.....<• .$25
. Dinner waitresses,- lunch .waitresses..... • • .'¦
'. Cooks, ;¦ city and country. ...'.... $25^$30
.:'. FAMILY. DEPARTMENT '.
Cook and downstairs girl, city. $30; cook and
'¦'! downstairs girl, .Berkeley, , American family,
I choice place, nee! jiarty., here, $'K); cooks,
houseglrls, . pecond '. girls,', city » and,. country,
¦best of wages, v "'•%.-¦ :•¦¦¦.'
C. Ii. HANSEN>&'CO.....U04;Geary »t.
(Will remove to 420 Bush st.',, opposite Call-.
fornla Hotel, March' 31.V *¦¦'-¦ ' "
GERMAN and American cooks. .V. $35 and J30
\ 2 Scandinavian girls, far housflwork. .. . . .j"0
.': French nurse to travel' . , '.". ::. ..". ?-••
¦'B waitresses- and? parlor maids. ..i '¦«'•
.''Chambermaid and: seamstress. .: J"5
.1 .. AVaitrcJ-s, ' hotel ...;..„.. . . :?. ¦*•*'•
• •• 2 chambermaids,' assist waItlng.'.';'.$00'eacn
. . • LEON, ANDRE, ,310 Stockton St.
GIRL 'for second i work V and;, waitress; good
.ii .wages. Apply: with ; references 'flt;-, 2440 . Pa-
'; clfic avenue... ' ;,.'/, .'¦;. ; : , -..-¦-. ¦ , - ¦..' ' ; ;' -
WANTED— First-class ffirl to do upstairs work
y , and wait at table. Call with city references,
, •' 1521 ¦' Sutter st: -~ :;.: •"'" ¦ '•¦ ¦.->;-'•:.
WANTED— A refined girl, speaking German, to
.'a68lgt,ln taking careiof a child.- Apply 2030
;' Sacramento st. --i,.;-" 1 .. ;"; - :.": ¦ . - : -.',' . '
.WANTED — A . first-class ', cook, - - German pre-
• ferred;!must have, city 'references.- Call bet.-
:_10 and 12. 1102 Van Ness ave.'. -,--¦¦. . ¦ '
GIRLS :-. wanted for * dressmaking ; atT 1407 La-
: ' guna st. "; .•;.. ,'j }¦_-.;:.>; i -:. -,. ' -; ¦ -..'.' ' *- ; ¦ :
1 GlKL to . assist • In ' housework: > wages $12; no
¦ ; ; . small ¦ children. ;. 1623 ' Ellis iSf . . ¦ : : '¦•: I ¦'¦¦ ¦
GIRLS wanted. JCOLOMBAT'S Fringe? Fs.c r '
;- .'tory.-'i-l 13 ; O'Farrell; st. " , : ' '¦ r .^/
GIRLr ". German > speaking,*' for : general '' house-"
• .work, 1053 Market st,. upstairs.
HELP i HVAXTEr*-- FrcMALE--.CoM.
WANTED— Assistant ' In bath house. - $40; 4
cooks,; some wash,- $30-$25; parlor maid, $25;
. 6- second, girls, $25;' cook. Berkeley, $30, < no
washing; 3 nurseglrU. $15-$20-$25; pantry,
Klrl for Institution, $20; waitress, same place,
$-0; tlrl for candy store. $5. week; 10 wait-
resses; city and country hotels, $20-$25; cook,
small i boarding-house; man > and -wife,- city
, place, '$40;, also a large number or girls for
housework In both city ' and country." Call
Monday. M. F/, CROSETT & CO:, 3$4 Butter.
GIRL for light housework; good home; small
family. ,623. Halght-st. u. A. . . ¦ .
WANTED— First-class sklrtmaker and finish-
ers on ladles' tailoring. , -622 'Larkln at ¦¦ ¦ -.-"
GIRL' for plain cooking and -general house-
work. 1440 O'Farrell st. '. ... ¦ :.
WANTED — Girl to take care of one child; must
sleep home; wages $12. Call 810 Sutter at.
A GIRL to do light housework and cook for an
elderly woman. . Apply 2631 ' Sutter '¦ st ';
WANTED — Respectable Protestant girl or wo-
man of middle age, competent -. to do ' house-
work and cooking In family of two aged peo-
.' pie, short distance In country; a good' and
-permanent home; wages $10 to '$12 month.
P. P.; box 62, Centervllle. Alameda Co... Cal.;
WANTED — 3 girls to lerfrn ' hatrdresslng, - mad-
. sage, manicure, switch, -wig making,- in 2
. wks. ; ¦ take charge of private customers; ; as-
sured $50 per mo. ; course $5; day, eve. class;
bring ad;worth $1. Collcge.233 Geary, r.13-15.
GIRLS wanted to learn how to make overalls
at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S, 32& Fremont
: St. (MR. DAVIS.) t "¦•.-•'¦•.'¦' ;
GIRLS; steady work; '. good pay. '. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32%., Fremont st. v (MR.
DAVIS.) : , ¦ - y :' : ,
WANTED— Mary, who lived at Belvedere with
Lucy and Avis. : r Call room 147, Hotel Pleas-
• anton.'-. .¦>,-..¦...'
FIRST-CLASS fitter and alteration hand on
skirts and cloaks; steady place.- Columbia
Cloak and Suit House, ¦ 1022 Market st. • '
YOUNG girls to put rivets In overalls. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont st - (MR.
. DAVIS.)
PRESSER on overalls. LEVI . STRAUSS &
. CO.. 32% Fremont st- (MR. DAVIS.) <¦
WHOLESALE house requires the services of a
¦ competent woman; no bookkeeping or stenog-
raphy. . Box 4608, Call.
FINISHERS on coats and' pants, steady work
. - guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541
Market st. ' '." '.- '.- ' ¦' . „ ' ¦
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests, steady work
- guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 5-11
Market st. , ,..-,- .- - .
APPRENTICES to learn glove making; paid
while learning. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 33
Market Bt. ¦ ¦ .- ' ' '. . : -.-.
WANTED— Girl to learn sewing and do a few
errands. Apply M. LEDER, ladles' tailor,
139 EUts st. - -¦-•- ¦¦--'¦
At PacIflcHalrdressIngOollege.Murphy bld.,r.»4;
halrdressins. massage, manicuring, wigs, switch,
- etc. ; course. $5 ;2 wks;posltlon secured ;day;eve.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. BELASCO
..,& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st ;
SEWERS' on shirt waists; good pay; steady
• work, v BAUER BROS & CO., 21 Sansome st.
GIRLS to run sewing machines; paid while
learning. 656 Mission st, third floor.
OPERATORS to take work home on ladies'
skirts. 656 Mission st, third floor. ;
GIRL for general housework; no children; ref-
erences. 703 Broderlck. St., near McAllister.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk
waists. -666 Mission st. third floor.'
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wash
overskirts. 656 Mission st, third floor. .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
wear. ; 650 Mission st. third floor.
150 OPERATORS to take -work home on chil-
dren's -wear. ¦ 656 Mission st.. third floor.
WANTED — Hand sewers. Apply at 37 Ninth
•- street. \ ¦' - - : *
WANTED — Hand sewers and- machine- sewers
at BUSBY'S, 207 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS sleeve maker. .SOLLEY, 1037
Poet at _)
FIRST-CLASS botton-hole maker wanted;
wages . $12 . to . $14 week. 609 Kearny, r. 2.
WANTED — Immediately, first-class * millinery
: saleslady. SAHLEIN'S Millinery, 873 Market.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn millinery
trade, j SAHLEIN'S Millinery, 873 Market
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 528 Sut-
ter st..- room 3. • • '
WANTED — Nurseglrl. Apply 1907 Oak st, 9
to 1; will pay car fare.':
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. • Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
A NEAT,' willing young" girl to assist with
housework In, family of 3. 217 Third ave.
i TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course: short-
.hand speed 'class. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
— — — — *^ —^ — — "^ — —^^" m ""— — * !
HELP WANTED — ¦»ALE.^^ / '!
! MURRAY & READY. ;..;„. '.Phone Main 5818
...Leading Labor and Employment Agents...
...;.:NEVADA FREE
NEVADA FREE
...SHIP MORNING AND NIGHT..:....
..10C0 R. R.* MEN — STATE OF NEVADA..
600 teamsters... ......; 250 laborers
60 drillers. ; .'. .50 rockmeii
Extra gang... I....... Wages $2 60 to $3 day
FREE FARE... .......SHIP TWICE DAILY
.'...CARPENTERS.... STONE MASONS.... |
3 carpenters, 8 hours' work, $1 fare. $3 50 day '
2 carpenters, all summer's job.. ..... ..$3 day
3 blacksmiths," shop and ranches
-. $60. $52 and $40 and found
Woodworker, carriage shop.. 2 carriage paint-
ers /..'....."..'.:....' '•
'..;.... MISCELLANEOUS ...... .V
4 laborers, large mining company i.. .....:. $60
3 laborers, no experience required, small
mine $30 and found
4 miners,- $75; 2 miners, shaft work; man
I and wife, near city, $52 and found: see bosa
here; middle-aged man. Catholic. Institution,
$20 and found ... . ..."..¦ — ...;
27 farm, orchard and vineyard. hands
$26 to $30
0 choremen, private places and ranches; sta-
bleman, south, $35; 3 stablemen, 15 milkers,
$30 and $35; 2 chore boys, 6iscraper holders,
near v city. $2 25 day; 2-horse.. scraper, team-
sters, $27 50 and found
. FOR A LARCE ORCHARD CO......
10 handy men. to work In fruit and ' vegetable
iPlckinK and packing rrhubarb and asparagus,
etc.; -later 'other fruits, etc. ; no experience
necessary. . ;:.'..... .-.'. . .$27 50 and found
. ..i..'... .v. woodchoppers ....;.
....:..;;.....: tiemakers .... ...
For a large company: 150 woodchoppers and
tiemakers. big wages and, cheap fares, 50
woodchoppers, and tools and : provisions fur-
nished .'
: . . .. HOTEL DEPARTMENT . . . : .
Steward.', country hotel; second cook, $40 and
found; 3 ranch cooks; 0 cooks, country hotelo,
$35 to, $50 and found; laundry, man, waiter
and cook, short orders, $10 per week; 7 walU
ers and kitchen help." If you want work call
down and read our bulletin boards..........
MURRAY & READY .634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. "••
59 Third st.7 near Call. bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
' ......... RAILROAD LABORERS
•¦'. ... .'.FREE FARE... . . .FREE FARE. .....
500 teamsters .;..:...:... $2 to $2 50 per day
Gang of laborers ......... $2 to $2 25 per day
.^....... ....... Ship Daily ...:
...... . .ENTIRE SAWMILL CREW.'. ......
t - Head eawyer, head trimmer,' second setter,
oiler and cleaner, man on jump saw, slasher. ¦
log'rollway, -log, deck, etc., -lumber pller and
, yard $2 to $5 per : day..... . .".
.25 sawmill and '...woods men .for the north,
$26, to $65 per month rand board. ...... .. ; . ...
. . ; .FARE ADVANCED. . . .....
CAL." EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third . st
12 PICK and shovel men, near city. stendy,'$2
• per day. CAL. EMP. "AGENCY. B0 Third st.
j 5, MINERS,. ?2 CO to $2 75 day; coremaker: 2
v Iron molders; 2< stablemen country $¦".<)' and
.: found; 3 farmers and wives. $.1!V $-10 and $45 I
-and found; -2 cheesemakers, $35 ¦ and $40;-.'J
¦ milkers, $30; 2 ranch teamsters, $30; 10 wood,
choppers, 80c to $1 25 cord: 8 lumber pliers,
'.'., $2 ¦ day ; 10 railroad laborers and teamsters
and « drillers. $2 > to $2 25 day, ¦ free fare; :
.ranch blacksmith,' $3t and found; cooks, wait-
. <rs and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
-.Sacramento nl |'i li|n yill'if 1 ' 1 !. 1 VwlK
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Second cook.
¦ ,$C0; 2 hotel waiters, $30; dishwashers, silver-
-menVand vegetablemen. $25 to -$30; 2 gar-
deners, $25 to ?30;.lroner for laundry,- coun-
,try. , $35; cook, small chop -house, country,'
$30; night cook,' near city, $35; portfr.for ho-
•\ tel.' $30; bell and • elevator • boys, • $15;. waiter
, ,for Institution, '$25;- nurse, $25.. • • ..
SHIPPED ¦¦ free every day — Four-horse scraper
-men and rock men' wanted for rallroarl con-
tract. Wadsworth, Nev. ; wages; $2 per day;
board, ;$5 25 -per .week; ,$2 deposit -required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. &'A; L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway, Oak-
land.'.Cal.-'.*.. •¦¦:. .. . _ . t : .-.'.-.
WANTED— A steady man with $125 for a plain
. every ' day ; business that will pay about . $70
. per ' month ; steady •¦ place : v experience not : re-
. quired; , 'Apply 1016 Market St., room 10. V
WANTED— Lunch cook.', assist at ¦ bar, $25 a
1 month tnnd room;* young. German -preferred;
\ ,no Sunday.work.iM00 Mission st . _• ,. ., .-';
MAN that s will.: loan. : $200 to -, learn - barber's
." trade;. board, room and tools furnished.' ;Box
, . 4C40, Call office. ', - ; : ¦
PARTNER— To * go ; to Seattle' and open profit-',
' able - business; small capital ; i fine opening • for '
• ambitious. man. V FRASER.rOlO Mission | St..
3 ,PICK» and -shovel men.' ¦-, Fourth! ave. and L
• : st. South ; , take Kentucky-st. • cars. ~ . . - . ;
yv ANTED-^Boy not > under, 15. v 106 Stockton
. street.".. <.-< ".'.'¦, '¦'-.'.¦¦ . -
¦ GOOD - ¦' bushelman.' ; SUMMERFIELD * ' &
' ' r R °M AN > ' cor/ « Flt th an< l Market sts.
' BPSIJVESS CHASCES— Contlnned. : '
JOSEPH STRAUB, ' ¦¦''••
850 Market st, corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. ' • '•/
Property Bought and Sold..
Rents Collected. ' " • • - tt ¦ .'.'
¦ Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business -
Agent.
A — Oyster and chophouse; a, bargain; at $250.
A— Restaurant and delicacy store; doing fins
business; owner -sick; rood location.
A Grocery; on a rood corner on Mission st;
owner has other . business ;. price $1800.
A — Bar and lunchroom; close to theaters: av-
erage rec«<Pts $50; largo basement suitable
for bowling alleys; rer£$85; price $4000.
A— Partner for a good 1 paying grocery.- /
A — Candy and Ice cream parlor; good location,
and good business; owner cannot give It his
attention.
A— Grocery, bar and cigar stand: corner on
Geary st; Ions lease; rent $40; prioe $2500.
A— Partner- for an old-established and good-
paying printing business; $2500.
A — Saloon. Including 2-story house and lot in
the Mission; a bargain at $4000.
A— Saloon on Market it; price $2100.
A— Saloon: south of Market st. In the manu-
facturing district; 3 living rooms upstairs;
rent $15; stable In rear; price $275.
A — Roadhouse and hotel, opposite the ceme-
teries; steady,' boarders; pigs and chickens;
fine opportunity; price $750, or exchange.
A— Hotel of 20 rooms, clears $200 monthly;
fine opportunity for right person; $2000.
Wanted— Party with $5000 to invest in and
enlarge a paying manufacturing business.
A — Several lodging-houses going very cheap.
A — Several restaurants at ( reasonable prices.
A— Branch bakery, notions and grocery in Oak-
| land; 4 rooms completely furnished; chickens,
i etc.; good location; price $500.'
A — Grocery and bar; corner on Geary st. : fresh
1 and selected stock; 5 years' lease 4 living
rooms; rent $18; price $500. • •
A — Saloon near 3d and Market streets; good
paying place; price $700.
A — Saloon at Golden Gate Park; price $750-
A — Bakery: well established; 200 customers;
2 horses and wagons; 5 years' lease; $1500.
WE have for sale rights for the States of Cal-
ifornia, Oregon and Washington for the best
locked-wlre fence device ever patented. The
owner of the patent is a practical ranch man
j- who has 200 miles of barbwlre fence in the
Panhandle, and who is now going over, the
entire fence system of his ranch, putting in
the Etays with this locked-fence device. The
device has taken like wildfire In the Eastern
States. The State of Iowa alone sold for
$10,000. We have samples of the device at
i our office, where It can be seen. The prin-
cipal advantage of this fence device- Is that
it makes a fence that Is almost Indestruct-
ible; no power can move the stays when put
on with our patent fastener - and patent
¦wrench. If this device were adopted In Cali-
fornia It certainly would revolutionize fenc-
ing. The fence is cattle-proof, and by put-
ting In enough stays you can fence against
the smaller.* animals. The device can be used
on ornamental fences or for office wire work.
The - wrench and clips and possibly some
models of the fence can be seen at the City
Wire Works, on Main St.. between Seventh
and Eighth. Mr. Biescar. the proprietor.
will be glad to explain Its use. MINING IN-
VESTMENT AND BROKERAGE CO., .345
Byrne building. Los Angeles.
RESPONSIBLE party to manage office and
learn general management ot old established
wholesale and retail business; party can in-
vest if they choose later and become active
member; In answering state how much you
are worth and past experience. Box 4574,
Call office. ' . ¦-- " . ~
FOR sale — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
roll of $120,000; stock, fixtures,' wagons, etc.,
will Invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 16B, Vallejo. Cal.
A — $?.00— PARTNER wanted in , established
business; $18 to $25 week, with chance to
increase; no «-xperience required. 25 Geary
: st., room 4.
i A. PARTY who owns a large body of natural
I cement wishes to eell same or to interest cap-
ital to manufacture same for the market.
Address box 4609. Call. ' ¦
IF you have money to invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st.
B. F.. know It. Call or write for particulars.
j RESTAURANT and oyster house, cor. Sutter &
\ Devlsadero; rent $40; living rooms: selling on
J .account of sickness. Box 4545. Call . office.
i A — SALOON must be sold this week. Call at
! Albany Brewery, between 10 and 12 a. m.
FOR rent — Central brick meat market Apply
to G. M. DODGE, at San Rafael. ; ,
OLD established corner grocery store for Sale
cheap. Apply 1795 Ellis st. cor. Pierce.
FIRST-CLASS city route on evening paper for
sale; party going East. Box 4692, Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
postage paid. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY of the following on monthly payments :
25 rooms; clears $125 $12.50
35 rooms; near Market; snap 2100 i
125 rooms; clears $450; only 7000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments. ...... 1500
30 rooms; first class: snap 2300
9 rooms; sunny corner: a beauty; only 375
32 rooms; Powell: big transient trade.. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75; only 350
40 rooms; clears $108 800
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531,
900 Market st, cor. "Ellis..
$500—8 ROOMS; clears $100; big transient
trade; furnished with fine cherry and oak
furniture; every room sunny: small payment,
balance monthly. RETSLOFF. 906 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF. ~~ ¦ ~~~
1026 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST..
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
it) rooms, rent $22. good furniture, only... $350
j 20 rooms, rent $50. income $135........... 950
i 24 roomn. rent $S5, central 1650
i 88 rooms, rent $80, money-maker 2250
31 rooms, rent $100, juet listed 2100
45 roomn. cheap rent, a sacrifice 2500
500 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211.
LODGING-HOUSE 36 rooms, clearing $200 mo.,
$2800; terms. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, j
LODGING-HOUSE, finely furnished; owner
must leave city; will sell at sacrifice; give
easy terms. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery.
LODGING-HOUSE. #28 rooms; rent $35; price
$1300. MORRISON & CO., 26 Montgomery.
LODGING-HOUSE, 10 j-ooms; worth $1100;
price $550. Morrison &• Co., 26 Montgomery.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st— (Inc.).. Phone Davla ' 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and •
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. ... -
New, houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.. '
850 Market st and S Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 32S.<- . 1>
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell. list with us; buyers call; we can. suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats: all sizes and prices; In all parts of city. -
A — Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.'
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
Mr Bill DH & CO., 7G5 Market— Some bargains:
- ?«K) — 15 rooms; Market st
$378 — lD-rocm house, Jackson st.
$200 — 7 rooms; rent $15.
$3000 — 30 rooms; and CO more houses.
I i Some good bargains. ' Only honest trade.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market
NATOMA. 217, two blocks frcm Call— 10 room*,
neatly furnished; pric* $275; rent $32. ' •
?250 — 32 ROOMS: part cash; or will trade for
• some. 7C5 Market. nt, room-2,
CARPET DEATIXQ ASP CLKAXl.VO.
WHEN, yon become disgusted with poor, work
««id to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-bcat-
lng Works. S&3-357 Tohama rt. ; trl: South 40.
Karlson Knrpct Co^ — Cleaning 3c yd. ;uphol«ter-
Ing.1213 Markct.bct.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2912.'
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning. 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main .T04. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beai.inRi works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Mission 263.'
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co.,- J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.: tel. Mission 49.-,
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 12C.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION " OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— NvTcharge
unless successful. Room 310.' 927 Market st.
i COTTAGES TO:: LET., ."
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3833— Cottage of 3 rooms;
large yard; rent $». ., ., • : - • .
ItOST AND FOUXP-— Continued.;
LOST — Sunday afternoon, on beach louth of
Clltt House, large Swiss watch, plain sold
cane. Reward at X\0 Utah st. ,___^
LOST — Stack greyhound bltrh puppy. 3 months
old, from tho Mission: reward. 2031 84th at.
LOST — In Ferry building, diamond studded
watch with brooch attached; very liberal re-
ward. Return to CAESAR YOUNO. Clare-
mont >vc. bet. College and We biter. Berkly.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 8utter it., needs old
cold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: eat. 1887: reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mm. Herta. 706 Ellis.
MATTItESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. noPKB BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; teL Bush 421.
Brass. Iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission: tet Main 730.
¦ MEDICAL.
? — DR. O'DO.VNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
. menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unforf ,-iate helped; relief In alt
canes taken; the m&lt difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
rases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. O. W. O'DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt-. op. 5tJ>.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted: 410 O Farrell. near Taylor.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAV1K9
at the old office, 1228 Market st. ; 30 years*
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles', physician: 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market St.. op. 4th; fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment: maternity home; horns
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
DR. ROSEN. ¦ ladles' reliable and sincere sp«*
ciallst. IC0714 Market; avoid delay; $10. \
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposlt*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Ud-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
3o H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable *
boiler complete .......$30O
: 40 h. p. Heine safety tub* boiler. ....... 150
40 h. p. Atlas engine 225
30xS feet return tubular boiler. ......... l.v>
48x18 return tubular boiler 350
8 h. p. upright boiler 73
10,000 feet water pipe, all sizes; belting till
you can't rest. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st. . .
BAB fixtures; big stock; Installments: billiard
' and pool tables : easy terms or rented. ' Tha
I Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission. I
CLOSING out sale of stoves and ranges at
CO WEN'S. 813 Market st.; retiring from
business.
A — $3 60 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75.- Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MI3FJT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $65. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. ¦¦¦¦¦
BLACK nnd tan pupa cheap. F. VICTOR. 8
Ritch »t.. In rear. - .
CLOSING out sale of crockery, glassware and
household goods at CO WEN'S, 813 Market st.
FOR sale — Irish spaniel pups. 5 Medau place,
off Filbert and Dupont.
BARGAIN — 2 good bicycles, oak bedroom sst.
chairs, tables and kitchen uten. 874 Howard.
LADIES' gold watcb and chain and diamond
ring for sale. Box 4016. Call office.
$10 — DOMESTIC sewing machine In good order.
1571 Market St., near Twelfth. .
ZITHER, new, 42 strings, F. Schwarzer's; cost
$143; for sale, $50. 655 Pine st. R. Bauske.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMaster3.SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
FROM 5000 to 10,000 feet of 3 and 3V4 Inch
pipe. E. RILEY. 109 Vallejo at. *
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. ¦ 563 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts. ' .
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
BOATS, launches, row boats carried in stock.
BAKER $ HAMILTON. - *•¦¦
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BUECK. 131 Post st.
NEW Home and Domestic tewing machine:
good order: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission. .
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St. , -
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t. .
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 434.
WANTED — A good upright piano; must b«
very cheap for cash. Address Upright, box
4610. Call office. : ¦
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
skins; send postal; will call. Box 4337, Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors., all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrical Wks. ,418Turk-
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothing and,
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tet. Jessie 285L
„„„-„¦„ JTCff^*?* E? h?.^!'
Z—HBSMAii^iAVi(^Hi7wi- 602 Examlneirbda;
'. .$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates.; ,
......On First and Second Mortgages..... *
........On Life Interests in Estates........
Property Being Held in Trust......
. Undivided Interests in Real Eotate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probats;
Financial Problems of all aorta and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY «
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300, 000 at 5*4 and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan loan Co..
Tel. Red 8024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. *
First, second and third mortgage*
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing 1 business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
......... 2-1 Montgomery St.. room 3. .........
A.NY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities; manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 1H,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant eve., near
Geary «t. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84<1
Market St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos: no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORM3BT.
•M Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
1500.000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit in city:
S1A0.C0O on large ranches at .fair rates; sec-
ond mcrtc.\ B« i' Mercer ft Son. 412-Plna.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgage* and on fur-
niture or planes: no removal; any amount;
lo went rates. BECKEB, 36 Oeary St.: room 36.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl-
I tlal.' WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
' THE TOUSLEY CO ..143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, -pianos: no removal : mone7
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker.
age: reliable party. 1170 Market it., room 69.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prtvata
party; no removal:' no commission; confiden-
tial. . Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVINO, 616 Examiner b\g. ; loans on piano*.
• furniture, etc., at 2% without removal; n»
brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates: piano*
&• furniture; no removal. Garthels. 208 Post.
$10 UP. on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
¦ party. St.' Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rra. 72. 4th flr.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. COO Examiner* bldg.
8% ON furniture - and pianos: $15 up: no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos;, lowest rats; no removal;
.strictly private. LICK, lift McAllister itn
IF you want a home I will loan you money ta
bnylt. cA.IE. RUPELL. 222 Sanaom* at.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Easter*
plan. Western Loan Co., 809 Phelan bl J j.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The ¦ San Francisco
T Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 52T Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. ra.
C30 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
tmtll 0 p. n,.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillroore street: open until 9 p. m.'
MEETING XOTICES.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D.. F. and A. •
M.. Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS >t M\ m
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 /W\
o'clock. Second degree. By order of * »
the TV. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secy.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. m
Royal Arch Masons, meets. THIS
EVENING. Prprees 5 and 6. V.JX
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. *^r*
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. & A. •
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at ~f\ m
7:30 o'clock; third degree; Master Ma- X2C
bops cordially invited. By order of the * w »
Master. WALTER O. ANDERSON. Secy.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. j.
M. — Officers and members are hereby to *\_
requested to attend the funeral ot jE_3?
AUSTIN WALRATH from the Ma- • V
tonic Temple TUESDAY. April 1. at 1
o'clock p. m. Master Masons, relatives and
friends are respectfully invited.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2C0, F. & m
A. M.. 1S39 Fillmore st— Third degree J\ a
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. jZJK
HARRY BAEHR. Secy. /V^
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold a regular meeting In
the examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission. City Hall, San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY. April 1. IS02: at 10 a. m.
C. C. WADSWORTH. M.,D.. Sec
REV. DR. CARRADINE. the noted holiness
evangelist will preach in this city from
March 23 to April L twice each day; on Sun-
days at 2:30 p. m., and every evening at
7:30. at Metropolitan Hall, Fifth Et, near
Market; on week days at 10 a. m. at Penlel
Mission HalL 49 Third st All are invited.
ENXIROSSING. ~~~
Resolutions, etc.. In first-class manner. J. W.
GRDTFrTH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Po&t
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — 110 daily, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses.
banks, churches, private & public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
| pie arc looking for; they do not require a
k chlmney(to break)or wick to trim, & make no
emoke or dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without
> expense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest
& cleanest light; it is a great money maker j
for agents; 200 per cent profit; write at once
& get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. SC7. Cincinnati, Ohio.
¦DEBITS oren for industrial Insurance agentx;
rood field. Apply box 54.* Stockton. Cal.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st
' »
ATTOn.\EYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner bulldlr^. room
613; a '. c»M-f; damages, *tLai»c. wills, mort-
»?5«*. partnerships. atu»chmrnts. collections.
, etc.; i^c! vapors <*r*«Ti; consultation free;
BO advarce charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick ;qulet;
no charge without success; established 1« yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: open every evening: low fees;
al! cwj. J. M. THURSTON. SI9 Market st
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
e*t thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301. Larkln Et
FOR sale— $100; a fine tricycle (built for twoT. 1
suitable for Improving with a motor, for sale i
ty F. HOLTUM. 517 California st. ' |
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries ! and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
cages globes aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1516 Market gt..b«-t.Sth&9th.
~7 BOOKS — XEW ASP Q^ P .^;_^I'
BOOKS of all kinds bought libraries purchased. :
H. <:. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1910.
~~ UCSLXESS CUAACES.'
SVANTED — A partner with $600 to act as
j c&Fhier In a business; guarantees $100 per
month; references exchanged. Particulars
R. G. WILKIE. 26»i Kearny et
BARE chance and great bargain if taken at
once; saloon close to 4 theaters; money
maker; price S750. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny Et.
/l — $1000; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devisadero St.; rent $25; at
least $8tX> stock on hand; good business;
Elckne&s only cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— $750; GROCERY and bar on Ninth st:
established years; good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26', 2 Kgarny et
A — $550; RESTAURANT on Third Bt., close to
Market; rent $50; place clearing $150 per i
month. Call R. G. WILKE, 28^ Kearny Bt. j
A— 5300; SALOON with 9 furn. rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $25; great bargain; must be sold at
'once. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tii$ Kearny st
X — $60; RESTAURANT and chop house on 5th
et; must be Fold to-day; owner has to leave
city at once. Call R. G. WILKE.26^ Kearny*
¦-"? flOOO-^-ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
. -**ion across the bay; rent $50, Including 4
tarnished rooms; a first-class paying propo-
1 eltion. Particulars R. G. ; WILKE, 26 >£
- . $2800 — CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a first-class locate* and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a. rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
20^a Kearny Et.
Z^$14C0; SALOON," vicinity of Market and
4th Ets.; net rent |40; good paying business;
estab. years. R.' G. WILKE. 2tl% Kearny.
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, co*l
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a. partner in any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY. 75 Third st
Ca*h customers waiting; established 1S«S.
A — $200; PARTNER In a' business that is
clearing over 5150 per month and which one
of present owners established 14 years ago:
located on principal street; no previous ex-
perience required; junior partner leaving the
city. K. KENNY. 75 Third st
$550 — OYSTER and cb<\» house; furnished room
In rear; rent $3 per month; trial allowed par-
ties meaning business; splendid chance for
man and wife. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third.
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to cad on
us belore buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO.. 318 Kearny st. room 1.
A — $800; AN old-established wholesale and re-
ta.il manufacturing business; previous expe-
rience net necessary. For particulars apply
to P. 8. HE LUCA & CO.. S18 Kearny et.
A — $400; FINE clgfir store on Kearny street;
clears $125 month; full month's rent Just
j-tSd \:p to May 1: great bargain; sickness.
¦ P. fi. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny st. room 1.
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers 'or at:
kinds of business that will - stand Invest lsa-
usn. P. e. de Luca & Co.. 818 Kearny. r. 1.
A — CIGAR Stands! Clear Stands! Citrar Stands!
•".0 busy mouey-maklcg stands. $75 to $2000;
I sell choice, weil . located stands only.
Hedges. 4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
A— VERY profitable hotel and bar; long estab-
llfhed; best town this State; 45 rooms; ;ow
rent; 3 years' lease; this bouse makes big
money. Ask HEDGES. 4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.
A — SALOON; busiest corner wholesale district:
always busy; low rent;, short hours; pries
right to genuine buyer: fullest Investigation
nsked; old-established place. See HEDGES.
4'J1-4C2 Parrott bldg.
A— PARTNER wanted, with $400, In a -well-
established buclncrs that will pay him from
$150 to S?2uO a month. Rohlfa Co., 41 Third.
A — SALOON on Third f=t., c!o«* to Market: 2
years' lcawe; fine fixtures: $10(R) stock; good
reason selling: $2700. Rchlfs Co., 41 Third.
'A — L'AKERY and delicatessen In Western Ad-
dition; 4 living rcome; rent $15; clearing $i23
month; bargain: }>450. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A — PARTNER In boxwood business; -well es-
tablished; 4 wagons; f> homes; 3 men em-
ployed; bargain; f325. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.-
A— $SO0; FAMILY liquor store: clears $150
month; full value; rent $25. STRAND. 209
Kearny st.
A — $300; DELICACY .and branch bakery: good
trade; 3 rooms; a bargain. STRAND ¦ 209
Kgarny gt. * ,.
fDOO — PARTNER wanted In light manufac-
' turtng business; duties easily acquired;, no
night work: sure profit of $100 a month to
each. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market st.
A — $300; PARTNER wanted : good chance for
steady man sallFfied with S18 to $20 a week.
,40: Ellis St.. room 13. . ¦
FARTNER to buy half Interest In corner gro-
cery and. bar at Invoice price; established 16
jrears. Inquire at 257 Fourth Et .THE COAST RECORD.
NEW' WESTERN; HOTEL'.
R A Sutter, Shelby, O
HP Smith. Oakland .
A J Meddlck & w .' M<»
Mrs J Carter I Oakland
ON.' Mager, • Transvaal
Mrs ' E . P t, Cronen..:Wn
Jas -Mulroy, ¦ Ingleslde
JiHtVan .Vobls,,.Wls-
F.Ellert. -Martinez ¦ «
John \ Gahn; J San i Raf el
Wm Caasedy, Angel Id
J Sullivan, Santa Rosa.
Wm Uddy,- Redding
Geo > DunlaD&w, Oklnd
W. LiAldenburR.'-Wls :
R.Carson. Los Angles
B;F. Berkeley. .Texas ;
T'E'Lannlgham,. Ill,';
E Lamb, St' Louis -.''¦
HOTEI* ¦; ABHIVALS:
French. Budget Is Finally Settled.
PARIS, March 30.— Both the Chamber
of Deputies and Senate sat all night last
night to adjust budget differences. The
Senate at 3 o'clock this morning ad
journed . until this afternoon. The Cham
ber of. Deputies finally agreed to, all the
amendments made by the Senate and
passed the whole budget by a vote of 367
to 80. It adjourned at 5 o'clock this
morning. At this afternoon's meeting of
the Senate the formal elections were fixed
for April 27. The Chamber of Deputies
and the Senate will reassemble June 1
and June 3, respectively.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and
somewhat threateneng Monday: fresh south
west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Conditions are becoming somewhat threaten
ing, and light showers are probable In Ndrth
ern California Monday.
Forecast made at 8an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 30:
Northern California— Cloudy Monday, prob
ably light showers in northern portion; fresh
southwest wind. i
Southern California — Fair Monday: light
west wlnd/
Nevada — Cloudy Monday, probably light
showers In the northern portion; fresh south
west wind, v- :-.":
The temperature has risen over Utah. Ne
vada and Southern Idaho: elsewhere the
change* have been slight.
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the Pacific
Slope from Central California northward; else
where it Is clear. '
The pressure has fallen over the Northwest
ern portion of the country and risen over Ari
zona. h-tffcS^VHsB^ -
WEATHER- CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
San, Franci3co data: Maximum temperature
63, minimum 45. mean 54»
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season Season.
Eureka :/...'. .00 ; 44.30 41.88
Red Bluff :.... 00" 27.75 22.17
Sacramento 00 15.48 17.18
Ban Francisco .00 16.95 18.84
Fresno...'. .00 . 6.10 . 10.28
Independence ...... .00 - 4.13 - 5.81
San Luis ObispoT. .. .00 . , 19.40 27.62
Los Anreles 00 9.37 14.10
San Dleeo 00 5.53 9.19
The following are* the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season^ and rainfalls In last twenty-four hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 30—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
The regular monthly drawing. No. 159, with
capital prize of $60,000. will take place
on April 24, 1902. Wholes, $4; halves. $2;
quarters. $1;- eighths, 60c; sixteenths, 25c,
United States money.
¦ • JOSE M. DELAVEGA.
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI, Manager.
Per E. BERTHIER. Acting Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO, Intervenor.
Numbers 16516 27024. 29180, 49495 and 61841
draw each. $1000, sold in La Grange. Tex.;
Cleveland. O. ; San Luis Potosi, S. L. P. ; La
fayette. Ind.; Birmingham. Ala.; Mexico, D. F. ;
Kansas City, Mo. ;• Houston. Tex.; St. Louis,
Mo.; New Orleans, La., and New York, N. Y.
Number 48619 draws third ¦ capital prize of
$10,000, sold In* New Orleans, La.; Columbus,
Ohio. /
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing: with 52. being the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of $60,000 —
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing V'illi 06, being- the last two figures of the
number. drawing the capital prize of $20,000 —
$20.!? J* '.; .
Number 9852 draws first capital prize of $60,
000, sold In San Salvador, Salvador: San Fran
cisco. Cal.; New York. N. T.
Number 41706 draws. second capital prize of
$20,000. sold in Jalapa, V. C; Louis, Mo.;
Galveston. Tex.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
No". Prize. No. Prize. ¦ No. - Prize.
392..... 2001 45S..... 201 486..... -40
633..... 1001 ' 041.;... 40| 739..... 20
, 930 .V..; 40| 1016.'.::. 20 llOti..... 100
¦1217....;' 20| 1290..... 20 1300..... . 40
1394.'.... 201 1400....'. 20 '- 1490....; ' 100
, 1615. .r.. ' 2011631.-....- 20 ltfStt..... 20
2101.".... 4012538..... 20 "itSil. '.:...- -20
.-2U40...-. ;.-. 201 2800..... - 20 2*J3l: .... 200
3022..... 20 3044 40 3009..... . * 20
3167..... 40 3310 20 3331..... 20
33U9..V.; •- 401 3494..;.. 20 8544. ....-¦ 20
3571..'... 2013702..... 40| 3887..;.. 40
3940..... 201 4073...... 20| 4251 40
4384....; 20 4387 20i 4417..... . 20
4013 40 4625..... 20 1 4720 ' 40
472S..... 100 4761 20| 4827...... .20
5332..... 40 0339 40 5433... .. ' 40
l 6488..... 4015044..... 20 6661 40
069«..... 20 6002..... 200 «01«..... 40
'C021..... • 201 6047..... * 20 6328..... 20
6338 ' 40-0345,.... 20 (J45tt..... 40
6617..... 20|,6717. .V.. 40 0933..... .;. 40
00«4..... .100| 7033 '20 7083..... 20
7150 .4017238 40,7510 20
770C '4017812...... 100 7801 40
7915..... 20 8090 100 8083. ...... 20
8104 V 20 8214 40 8235..... 20
8337..... 600 8434.;... 20 8540..... - 20
o856..... 20 1)039..... 40 9058..... . 40
'9191 20 9250.:... 40 9324..... 100
9414;....' 20 9461..... 40 0474.:....-; 20
0501...... 100.9508 . . 20| 95B1. .,..--. 20
'^570..;.. 40 9648..^.. . 2019831 20
9852..... 60000 093«..... 20 10055 SO
10142...... 4010212.'. 4010275..... 20
10328.....: 20 10390..... 20 10453 20
10589.:... ' 40 10722..... 200 10754. .. .7 20
10S91..... 20 10929 20 11040...... 20
11399.."... 20 11510..... -100 11522:. ....-40
11691; . ..." 40 11794. . . . . 20 11799 20O
111859..... 4011907..... 20 11991 20
12087..... 20112106. 20 12603..... 40
12605..... 20 12761..... . 20 12797 20 ,j
12S56...'.. 20 13162 40 13483 . 20
1375S...V. "2013786 40|13881 100.
13896...;.' 20 1398G..... 20|14127..... 600
14432 20 14625. . .. . : 20 14U31. . ... 20
14797 20 14821..... 20 14833;.... 40
14843 . " 200 14860.....'- 40114875. ...... 20
14939..... 20 14991..... 40|15091..... 100
1G304 40 15374..... 40115480 " 20
15437..... 2015501. -20 16586.;... 40
15009..... ,40 16016..... 20115777 20
16041. .... 20 16403 . 40I164O4:....- 20
16516. ....' 1000 16550 20 16621 100
16630...;. 40 17144 20 17390..... 20
17510....'. 20 17864...;. 4018036 . ; 40
18223..... 100 18275 100 18482..... .40
18555..... 20 18604..... 40 18761 *' 40
18834..... 40 18870..... 40 19065 20;
10068..... 20 19076..... 20 19091 . 20
19154..... 20 19167..... 40 -
10196. 20 19266 40 19275 100
19308..... 20 19426..... 40 19576..... 20
10619..... 20 20081..... -20 20116..... 100
20150..... 20 20205 20 20213...:: '40
20311..... 40 20555 20 20634..... ' 20
20857. 402C903 20 21032 ,20
21067. 20 21167 20 21278..... 40
21308..... .'40 21414..... 40 21439 20
21472..... 40 21713..... 100 21758..... 20
21793..... 20 21823..... .40 21850..... .40
22046..... 100 22178....; 100 22283..... 20
224S7..... 4022627 20 22667..... ---40
22P02..:.. 2022859..... 100 22935..... 20
22906..... 4023113..... 4023209..... 20
2&2C2 "" 4023350 2023433..... 20
23453..... . 100 23550..... '40 23606..... 20
23689..... 40 23750.....: 20 23760 20
23791 20 23881 40 23888... .. 40
23018:.-.-;.-' 40 23936 . 20 23060 20J
23086..... "20 24096 4024116..... 20
24175..... 20 24232 40 24274...... 20
2*283 20 24630..... 20 24673..... .20
24824..... 100 24922..... V 500 24945..... 20
24095. 100 25186..... V 40 25204 . 20
25377. .... 20 25431 ..... 40 25472. . .'. . 20
23502;.... 40 25505 20 25511 40
25055 ..... 20 20354 ..... 40 26-123 ...... 100
126430;..;'. 20 26722..... 20 26763..... M0
268D2.....> 20 27024..... 1000 27074 40
'27121/.... 2027225 100 27235 20
127,115..... 20 27326 -20 27407 10O"
127423 '2027538 10C 27744 20
27780;.... 20 28073..... 100 28177..'... 20
28232..... 20 28407..... 20 2S445 40
28507 20 28678...... 40 28726 20
28972..,.. 20 29019.....* 100 29164..... 100
2&180..... 100029251 '." 4029279..... .40
29386; .... '20 29497. . . . . 40 29506.'. ... - 40
29518..... 20 29575..... 20 29618 40
20650 20 29953 40 29958..... 4O
30161..... 4030422 40 30473 20
20314...... .'2030584 40.10703 20
1 30709;-.:.*.' "40 80807 100 31026..... 20
l310?9.'.... 20 31229 20 31255 40
31S0C. ' 4031340..... 20 31404 . 1C0
31478 . .100 31556 40 31644 40
31606.'.... 100 31795 2Q 32056 100
321P5 100 32275 " 20 32528..... 20
! 32S02..... ' 4032S82..... 200 32907 20
: :tt«C9..... 200 33011 20 33029..... 100 |
i :«154 201)33238 40 33276..... 1OOI
; 33319...... 100 33:)71.....' 4033560 /40;
.-WP84 . 40 33762..'... 20 33902 40 j
i 33905 40 33958 40 34020 100
;34*79 2034358 2034498..... 20.
i 34612..... .20 34028 40 34787 20
I 3-1908 .v. . .— 20 35018 . . . . . - 20 35257 .....'— .40
185403 " 20 35445.;... 20 35568..... -40
3E048...:.' 100 35064 20 35670 r/'r??
' 35700'. ". ". *. '. '•¦ 40 35927. i... 20 35940 . 40
35079..... 20 33097 100 3610.1..... 100
• 86103.';... 100 3&155..;.. 40 36580 20
36768 . 403C857..,.. '2036934... A 40
36971 200 36OflO..... 40 37013 40
37635 40 37642....'. 200 37703 20
37723. . . .'. ¦ 40 37756. .... 100 37832 200
37834..... 2037085/.... 20 38247 20
33288 40 38292 20 3S.J66 20
38471 4038497 100 38052 , 20
38509..... 40 38017..... 20 38809 £0
38834..... 20 38946..... 20 38996 40
39006..... 2039051 40 39204 100
39289..... 2030333 40 39416 20
39485 20 39637..... 20 89760 . 20
40239 .40 40344.....'. 20 40408 200
40037 40 40013..... 20 40709 40
i 4O83.'J * 20 40868..... 4040026..... 20
41001 20 41316 20 41347 100
41410..... 20 41647..... 20 41678 500
41700..... 200041913 20 41991 20
42067..... 20 42313 20 42633 20
42724 ** 20 42S87. .... 20 43017 20
43027...... 20 43384..... 20 43409 40
43H70..;.. 20 43728...... 20 43787 20
43821..... 40 43809 2043924..... 20
43030 20 43977 40 44002 40
44041..... 20 44285 4O4450O 40
41636..... 100 44641 ....." '.'O 44753 ..... 20
44810...'.. 20 45128 20 45120 20
45176...;. 2046205 .20 45247.'.;.: 20
45.122 2045356 4045387..... 20
45521 '4046545..... 2045669..... 600
45610. ..V. 20045642 100 45043..... 40
45674 20 45007 100 45983;.... 40
46074. ;...- ¦ • 20 46106 20 46170. ....- 40
46107..... .'40 40352..... 20 40572 100
46700.....,' 20 46797.....' 20 46818. .....< 20
4(1822 40 46906..... 20 47195 , 20
47276 100 47310..... 20 47461..... 20
4760<« . 2047500 40 47B31..... • 20
47055..... 200 47797 20 47847..... 20
47863....; 20 48055 20 48070 40
48079....:* 40 48140...7. \100 48158.;V.V -20
48284 2048336..... -40 48429 200
48476..'... 40 48499..... *40 48542 20
4S573.;... 20 48619..... 10000 48622..... 40
48779..... 4048848.;..'. . 2048850.;... -20
40236;.;.. 20 49203...... 20 49495..... 1000
49B50..;.. 2049711 200 49713 20
49838. .... 40 49868. . . . . 40 50173... ... 20
60478..... 2050485;.... 40 60504 20
60519..... 2060708..... '20 60948..... 200
61016..... 4051026..... 40 51068 40
61083./;.. 4051120..... 2051135..... 20
81151... A ' 2061188 2051244..... 100
61364..... 20 51442.....' 20 61575..... 20
61632 100 52041. '...V 100 5206.":.... 20
62143..... 20 52382 » 20 52413 , 40
52063 .2052717..... 40 52783.. L.. -40
52787..... 20 52825...-..: f 40 52853. A.. 40
52885 20 52980 * 20 53073 100
63221..... 40 53224..... 20 53283 , 20
63303..... 20 53330..... ,100 5338C 40
634C8. . ... 40 53992. . ... ¦ 20 64077. :. .. 600
64089.;... 20 54133..... 20 54162. 20
64217..... 20 54228..... 20 64285...... 40
54321.'. ..'. 200 54422..... 600 54462..... 40
64564..... 4054560..... 20 54716..... -.40
64738..... 100 54816..... 20 54933 40
64968 ''- 20 54900.....: 40 55019..... • 20
65022..... 20 65072..... .100 55223..... 20
65561..... 20 55679..... 40 5. r .743.-.. .. 20
55873..... .; -40 55975.. 20 55977..... 100
66093. . .". .20 56265. . . . . . 20 56331 . 20
66351..:.. 20 50440..... 600 56568..... 40
66585.:... 20E6658.. 40 56700...... 40
66769..... 2056803..... , 20 50853. .... 20
56876;..... 20 56S88..... 40J57084. .. .. 20
67137..... ¦ 20 57158......' 2057150..... 20
67208..... 20 57242..... 40 57302....; 40
67324.. ... 100 57338. . .'. . 40 B7469. .... 40
C7761.V... 40 57893..... 20157027...... 40
67949: ¦.;-.." 20
5S064..... - 40 58101 . 20158135. . ... ' 100
6S1S6. :;..:, " 40168295.%.. '. ,20 58349..... 40
68387;...." 40158418..... . 20 5S430..... ., r 40
58463..... 20158600..... 20 58767 40
68fc77..... 20158073..... 40159007.'.;. 20
66163...... 40 59234..... "40150240..... 40
50294.V... 20 50374..... 40159496..... • 20
50530...:. 100 09656..... 40159729..... 20
69S0O. ;-..•.. ,: 40 59886: :. . . 40|50ai2. . . : . i 40
60994.'....' • 2060062...:.* 100 1 60088 ...... \20
60111; .... 100 60247: . . . . ' ' 20 60445. . ; . ; 20
60«P8r. . . . ; 20 60788. .... ¦ 20!00S00. . . .-. . '40
eOS8l;....\. 20 60921 " , 20J61115 40
61237.. :..- 20 61394...... 20JG1490. . . . . ICO
6l686.:..l 10061637. . .V. • 20101731..... 4O
61841:.... 1000 61853..... '20161067..... 10O
01974.."...- .200 62067..."..'. 20162208.....' 40
62232.;."..: -20 62301'..... 20 62426/.... 40
624R8..:;; ''20 62573;.... 40 62712.....' 20
62704/. ;. . ' 20!C2sas. .*. . . > 20 62894. :...-- . 2rt
02064..... 1 20 03070/.... 100 63336. .... 100
63410.: .. . 100(63416. .-. /. • 20 63639. . . . . '20
63670.:/:. ': 20I63817/. ..- . -20163852.. .-. . 100T
62024.;.'.. - "20 K5935..... 2016404ft. . . . . ."> 20
64073.:/.. ,100 64136..;.. 200J64146..... 100
64450.- .:;•/' . 20 64406/. . .V . 20 64578. ; ... 20
64634.'/..^; 20164608.' 40fl4S04..... 20
64844....': . 200I64S56..... 20164857...:.- '40
04012.:/:. • 20164932.. :.. '40164960. .. 20
6.-010....; 40165050..:.. 20 65OS3 600
65128.". :; .i 40IC5130. ; . . . 100 R5156. . . . . 100
eOlOS.;... '20165339..;.-. 40l65404 :..;.- 20'
6C5CI'. .'.'. V 40 65817.'. ... 40l0r)fl«5/. ... 20 <
6C124." /:. . : 40 66201 //. . . 20l6(C68. .... 100 •
66280/:. W: " i 20 66306;. : . . 40IC0368. . . :. 4ft 1
6<"iO7:'. . r. > 20IG64H7:'. : .-. ; 20tfi(1471 '. /. . . 20 '
Gf 631 '."..'.'. ¦ 100IC6774:.". .'. . 20l06,S71.../. 100
6(5920. ~ r.. -40 60030/.... 40167006...... -20'
67042/::.. ¦•' 20 67061 /.':.-• 40I670S1.. .;. 20
67105/r. /• *¦. '20 07296;.:.. 20167722..... 20 i
67791 TT.r.l : J 40 67828;/. . . 20 67800.-/:. . 20
67020 /: ; . . 20 67058 .....; 40 68018 .-.-. -.-,•' 40
68125. . . . . •*.- 20 68435//.-. ;''.¦', 20 CH5ft3; ... . 20
C8734.~'.T..' -40 68738. r.;. 100 60308. .V.. 20
. (Class "C.")
. City of Mexico. March 27. 1902.
NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
No. Prize.- No. . Prize. No. Prize.
60406..... 20)60601 20 60685 20
€9689..... 100 60608 40 60703. '.... 20
69082.-;?-.". 40 60976..... 20 69080..... 20
7CO12.'..:. 40 70070 20 70150..... 40
70286..... 100 70311..... 20 70326..... 40
70329.. -20 70481...:.- 100 70541'.....' 40
70641..... 40 70724 . 20 70077..... 20 |
71101'...'.. 20 71221..... 40i71248...'.. £0
71343..... 100 71506 40 716C7 20
72010..... 40 72386..... 40 72392. 20
724S2 40 72479 20 72766 20
72S60 ». 20 72918..... 20 729-°.O. . . . . 20
73050..... 20 73146 40 T.1W9 20
73307..... 20 7&153 20 73434 20
73457 20 73553 20 73<i04.V... 2f!
73616 100 73722..... 40 73SJ2 20
74139 -20 74140 20|74lS3 40
74202 100 74230 - 40|7 430.1. ..... 40
74385...... 50074552 20i74585 20
74*69 2075040..... 20175274. .'...- 40
75309 4075321..... 40 75446 20
75454 20 73478 20 73553 20
75305. .... 20 75729..... 100 75740. 40
75825. .V.. 100 75850 20 75S01..... 20
75912 ,.20 70003 100 7C042 ICO
76211 100 7G418 -40 7(1432 '100
76.100..... 20 7CC25 i 40176711..... - 4(!
76728 20 76775..... ' 200176977 20
77034. 20 77122 100 77179 40
77185..... 20 773S1 20 77404..... 20
77466..... 20 77323 40 77528 20
77793 : 20 77800..... 20 7SO45 20
78853..... 20 78380 20 78387 20
7S552. . ..." 20 78778. . .; . . 40 78782 20
76813..... . 100 788197. ..." 200 7805:$ 40
70105 20 79144 20 79260..... 40
70289..... ,20 79356 20 79306 100
79405 20079385 20 70604 20
79668 40796S3 40179753 ICO
i 79S91 100 . ___ I
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 9802 to 0002, In
clusive, being 60 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $60,000 — $C0.
. . One hundred numbers from 41606 to 41736. In
clusive, - being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $20.000 — $40.
- One hundred numbers from 4S56» to 48669. In
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing, capital prize of $10,000— $20.
THE SAN FEAXGISCO GALI^, MONDAY^ MARCH 31, 1902.
Xj
11
STATIONa ,
\
1 2.
a
.¦¦RS 1 E?
g3 33
5 f
If
09
I?
¦ -a
5"
Astoria 20.98 60 42 S Cloudy .00
"aker ...30.20 4C 22 SE Cloudy .00
Carson.. 30.00-60*26 W Cloudy 00
Eureka...... .. 30.08 M 42 S Cloudy .00
Fresno....... .29.98 80 44 S Clear .00
Flagstaff. SO. 14 48 18 E Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida. TO. 30 42 22 SE Pt Cldy .00
Independence.. 20.00 64-88 -SB- Clear OO
Los Angeles. ..30.00 74 48 W- Clear .00
Phoenix 29.06 78.« W .: Clear .00
Portland ..29.98 56 36 E Cloudy 00
Red Bluff 30.02 66 44 S Cloudy OC
Rosebury 29.90 70 30 SW. Cloudy '.00
Sacramento... 2». 98 74 48 S Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake..... 30. 20 46 20 SE- Clear .00
San Franclsco.30.04 64 46 W Clear 00
S. L. ObUpo. ..30.04 70 44 S Clear .00
San Diego.... .30.00 70 48 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle.... ....30.02 60 34 SE Cloudy .00
Spokane.,... ..30. 22 CIS 22 NE Cloudy .00
Neah Bay ......29.94 64 44 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.%30.12 B8 28 • N Cloudy " .0.)
Wlnnemucca..30.08 66 22 ... Cloudy 00
Yuma 29.96 82 4S N gear .00
San Francisco temperature 7 a. m., 46 degrees.
STATIONa ,
\
1 2.
a
.¦¦RS 1 E?
g3 33
5 f
If
09
I?
¦ -a
5"
Astoria 20.98 60 42 S Cloudy .00
"aker ...30.20 4C 22 SE Cloudy .00
Carson.. 30.00-60*26 W Cloudy 00
Eureka...... .. 30.08 M 42 S Cloudy .00
Fresno....... .29.98 80 44 S Clear .00
Flagstaff. SO. 14 48 18 E Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida. TO. 30 42 22 SE Pt Cldy .00
Independence.. 20.00 64-88 -SB- Clear OO
Los Angeles. ..30.00 74 48 W- Clear .00
Phoenix 29.06 78.« W .: Clear .00
Portland ..29.98 56 36 E Cloudy 00
Red Bluff 30.02 66 44 S Cloudy OC
Rosebury 29.90 70 30 SW. Cloudy '.00
Sacramento... 2». 98 74 48 S Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake..... 30. 20 46 20 SE- Clear .00
San Franclsco.30.04 64 46 W Clear 00
S. L. ObUpo. ..30.04 70 44 S Clear .00
San Diego.... .30.00 70 48 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle.... ....30.02 60 34 SE Cloudy .00
Spokane.,... ..30. 22 CIS 22 NE Cloudy .00
Neah Bay ......29.94 64 44 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.%30.12 B8 28 • N Cloudy " .0.)
Wlnnemucca..30.08 66 22 ... Cloudy 00
Yuma 29.96 82 4S N gear .00
San Francisco temperature 7 a. m., 46 degrees.
BAILWAT TBAVEL.
.. Offices — 641 Market ' street and • In Ferry
1 Depot, ' San . Francisco ; • 1112 . Broadway.
Oakland.'VBHKsMBBMMHMsXHHMHIlMBl
r T 7:20'a.'m.-ls Bakersficld ' Local, stopping
at. all points' in San Joaquln Valley. -Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a.' m. dally.
Santa Fe
Tpains-rDaiiy,
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local | LUnd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a .8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18p
" Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hartford.. 3:12p 3:27p 8:05a
" Vlsalia... 3:30p ... 5:00a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45a ......
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a .....;.
..".Chicago 2:15 p 0:00 p .......
. < a for morning, p for alternoon. ~~""*
9 :00 a. • m. train • Is . the California Lim-
ited, ¦ carrying - Palace " Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld . for i accommodation -. of
local first-class passengers. No ~ second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train ¦¦ arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
'4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m.. dally. -'.'<¦. • . - : .
... 8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which 1 cuts out 1 at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at p. m.
dally. . , -- ¦ ~7,
.--¦-• On ' and after April > 1. 1902. the 1 rate of fare
to all- cemeteries by carriage In • San Mateo
County .will be ¦ six • dollars . ($6) , per , carriage."
To funeral train or . electric ; cars, four . dollars
($4). Return-trips, two dollars ($2): ¦
: ¦ Signed : M. • W; COFFE Y, President Hack-'
men's ¦V'aif^BWMailVMMpVsvMtl
W.^ BRIDOES, ,- President j Carriage '¦¦ Owners 1 ,
and Stablemen's t Association.. :.-. . \\. ,*-,.•>;
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
REMOVED!
. mcGINN^BROS,..
FUNERAL" DIRECTORS ' and ' EMBALM-
ERS,; to 224 1 and226; McAllister st. (For-
merlv of 31 Eddv st. Tel." South 252.) •
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
.' Samuel McFadden,- 18 years manager for
|he United Undertakers'; Association; M. J.
/McBrearty. ; with > the same company 1 for 18
years; P.^F. 'Green,'; late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.,- have 1 opened new Funeral Par-
lors ¦ at ' 1171- Mission' st. 1 ,' between Seventh
and .' Eighth, if Telephone ; South 44. ¦ ¦ -
AUCTION SALES
i^ It you want a good Horse, £->.
* J * > Wagon. Surrey, Buggy, Cart, *1*>
Harness or Saddle don't forget the big sale at
1140 Folsom St.. TUESDAY. April 1. 11 a. m.
A large assortment to choose from. Sales every
Tuesday. _- '
JUST ARIUVrfD. carload of the FINE3T
WORK. CARRIAGE and DRIVING HORSES
ever brought to this market, weight* from
1150 to 1500. all sound and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-723 Howard street. .
HALLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC*
Trnln* l»i%««> nut! nr* «lu*« l« itrrlf* «»
MAN ritANVINdO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market 3tr»eM -
[.sav* — TFnnu Febr-uart 3. 1X5. — • abattb
! 7:OOa Benicla, SuUun, Elmir* and 8a«ra-
. - memo .•:3-1»
7:00a V»c-*vills, AVluttn. Bumser ~j33#
<s3«a M*rtlne/., H4U lUriion, Vallejo. Napat
OalUt"K* *ud HauU Uos» «s33»
8:00a DmfU, WooOland. Knlg&tj Landing,
Marystills. OroTillo.. 7lS-1»
RiOO* AtUntlc: Kipreu— Ogdeu »ad Bast Ni^Sa
S:uu A Nile*, Lathrop, Stockton ?>33y
Si»Oa NUnj, Mendota, Uanford. Vlsalia,
Po(»rrUlo „.. «iO3»
t:3U a Shuts Kxpre*8-D«Tls. Williams (to*
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bod
Bluff. PortlmndV. 7»5»f
Si30a 8»u Joie, I.lTrrmore, Stockton,
Ioua. 8aerain«iito, rinc^rTllle,
M«ry»»I1!«. Chlco, Kail KhilT 4iS.1b
St3O« Oaktlalr. Cblnese,8oDara, Tuolumno 4:23y
«:»»* H»yw*nl. Klles aud Way MtaUom.. Il:-W»
•:OOA VaUe]o 13<3S»
MiOOa Los Aags'.es Express — Martinet,
Tracy, Latlirop, ntookton, Msieed
/ K rest 10 and Lot Anjalei ' 7i89&'
, 9i»0a Vallnjti. AUrMnex autl Way SUtlcm 7>9S*
1Oi«Oa The Orerlaii.1 I.I in! ted— Ogden. L'en-
»er, Omaha, Chicago <lia3»
fl:O«r Saoraraentw ICIr«r Steamers flliWO*
a.«i»r Uenlda, >Yln»er». Baoranento.
- • Woixliand. KnlghU J.andiug,
Maryiivlllr, Orotlll* I««S.1*
¦t30p naywarJ, Nilfi «nJ VTsy SUtloot.. ?tSav
4:(M»r Martinet, Hsu Uainon, Vallsjo,
Napa, (JalUtdKa. .Santa. Koia 9i3i4
tiont Nllei, Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl... 1*>3I3»
4:iti»r H*yward. Mle«. HaJkJiwo, LlT«rmor» IStASA
4i»l»jrTlit> Owl Uaulted t- Fresno. Tulaie.
BakerarleM. 8an(as for Sauta Ba*.
bar*. Los Angel I'Mk
StOOp Port Costa. Tracr. Lathrop. Stockton I « t33*
Oioop MarUjM-s. Antloch, Stockton, Moi-
e«d.Frasoo llia.1*
• :<»«pria/n*rd. Klles aud Saa Jo«» j 7«334.
J8:00r Vallejo 11<SS4
• >O»r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Donrtr.
Omaha. 8t Loula. Ohlc»f 0 <|3S»
TilOr Oregon aud California Kxprera.flaev
rnmeiiln, M»r»siHle. Ite<Mln«.
rortlami. 1'ngBS .Sound ami East >>S9st
- •••SrSan Pablo. Port Coata, Marttaea ~-
and Way BUtloua 11>9S«,
_t»»OSpValUlo 7t5»f
COAST LINE (Narrow Gang*).
(Foot of U«rhat Street)
¦<l3ANawajrk.CeiiUr«lllft,.San.1o*«.Feltoo,
Boulder Cceek.HantaUrnzand Way
Stations •••••
»••! Or Newark, Cental tllle. Ban .fuse. New
Almutilao, F niton, Bonlder Cr»o*.
Santa, Onu aad Irlaolpal Way
Stations l«in«4
4ilSp Newark, flaa Jos*. Los Oatos fSiSOA
••.Sop Hnnten' Train— San Jos* and Way
Citations VT.29?
OAKLAND H&BBQR FERRY.
¦ tali Sll /aiSCISCO— Fjoi eFKkktt Strut (Slip S>—
tT:15 >:00 11:00*. a. 1:C3 3:03 CilSr.!*.
fr«»0lIL»«»— F.il.fBrtudw.j.— f*:09 J3:0O I3;O#
loco. .ii. 12:83 8.Q3 1:83 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad G«agt).
ffhlrd nnd Townwnd Sts.)
' 0:IOa Saa Jose and Way Htatlon*.. ....... *i*»i
7:60a Han Jose and Way Stations... fStSO*
/7i«»a New Alir.aden ,. / *»1O»
Si«»A Cuast Line Limited — tan Joia
Gllrny, Salinas. Bar. Luis Obinpo,
Santa Barbara, Loa Aogrlcs and "
principal intermediate sUtloii.... 1Oi43»
ti«0A Ran Jom, Tibs fisos, Hanta Vtnt,
Paollie Urn?e, Hallnas, San LnJs
Obispo and Principal iutermedUU
SUiinns «ll*»
1*:S»A Baa Jose and Way Stations. **3«a
ll:it»A Man .lose ami W»y .Stations •«-¦•*
1»: 13* «an Mat«». Redwood, Mealo Park.
Palo Alto. HanUOlara, San J ewe.
Tree Plsos, Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove...... !¦*"*•>
•:30 F Han Jots and Way Stations. Ii8»»
M:13r flan Joie am! Principal Way Station* SiSOV
4i90r Buueet Limited— Mondays, Wednm-
dij?, Frldajs, for Los Angeles, El
Psjo, New Orleans and New York.
Arrires Sundays. Tuesdays and,
Thursdays ivtlS*
•3<«*r San Jose, ho* Qatoa and Principal
Way Stations {9:O«>*,
¦i3*p 8aoJuae mid Principal Way Stations «:.'JO»
«i:if>r Aan .loso anil Wur .Stations 7»3Oi
frMr N«w Orleans Exprem — fan Lnd
Ohfspo, Banta Barbara, L01 An*
nles, Denilng, XI Paso, New Or-
lean* and E»»t lltVva,
?JHt«Sp3an JosaauJ Way Station* 7i»f
A for Moniin e. P for A f t-nyjon.
? Bamlajr eio^ptfld, ' t S»und*» onljr. ,
-AfeteriM CBjjTu. / TurscUjj aad Jrldaffy
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY.Ca
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market 8t>
San Francisco to San Rafaa!.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at l:30>and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1^0. 3:3».
£:0O, 0:20 p. m.
tan Rafael to San Francteso.
WEEK DATS— «:tO, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:43, 3:40, 5: IS p. m. Saturday*— Extra
trips at 1:55 and, 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 0:40, 11:10 a. in. ; 1:10. 3:44.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I la Efter* I Arrlva
San Francisco. (Apr. 28, I901| San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Day. [ days. | Destination [ daya. | Daya.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am) 8:40am
8:30pm 9 :30am Petaluma, 6 :05pm 1 10 :23am
5:10pm 5:00pm Hanta Rosa. 7 :35pm | 6:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor, 13 :23a ta
5:00pm Healdsburg:. 10:40am
Lytton.
Gey3ervtllo,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pr»
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and TJktah. 7:35pm 8:20pm
Tiioam 10:40am 10:23am
t S:00am Guernevllle. 7:32pm
8:30pm g :00pm ¦ 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30aml 8 :00am I " |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm[ 5:00pm| Seba.itopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West-
Springs and White Sulphur Springs ; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ; at
Geyservllle for Skaffga Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. .Riverside. Llerley's Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Wllllts, Laytonvllle, Cummins. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday) to Monday round-trip tickets at re* '
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle)
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 29,' 1901
FROM SA^J FKANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— ti:55. S:3O. *9:3O. 11:00 a.,m..
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15. B:15,i*G:15. 6:45 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays apd Saturdays
at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — «8:0O. »:0O. »I0:0O. ni:30 a-.m..
•1:15. tf:15. *4:45. 6:30. 0:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. ,
FROM. S AN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— »5: 25. 6:27, 7:45. 8:35. 10: 13
a. m . »12:25. 2:15. «3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. '8:00. n0:00. '11:45 a. .m..
•1-40 »3:15, 4:45, *6:3O p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, C:45. 7:55. 3:55. 10:30
a m. 12:33, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
* EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:05, 10:03 a. ra.. 12:05. 2:15.
3:S0. '5:00. «:-*5 p. m.
„ • . . THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. •
1:45 p.'m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
8:00 0. m. Sundays^ — Duncan Mills and way
stations. HfttfssBWBp*fHSSflVRspM0HBMpka^S
Fairfax. Sundays— S:0O. 0:00. 10:00. 11:30
a. m.
Learal : Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ¦-¦ ¦ ¦ ' - - -
f^SL Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL^r » iP* 629 HEARST ST. Established
HiFTi *-$a& in is;>1 f ° r ' h<? treatment of I'rlvatn
JSfl iV, -Wt¥ Di-iPH^en, t*ist Munborid. Debliitvor
BBBfTOftgE fllspasf wearingon body and nilnrt and ,
r^wSS, aS Skin Diseases. The D^ctorcureswhen
(nil. Try him. HhArups low.
P^P^iBiti*'"' 1 " f-nnriinUfil. CullorwriMk
Brr. J* A'. <i I «;:«« . you Frnnc'scc. CaJ. <
WOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
L'ave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive -
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
9-30 A. 8:00a. p^,- ,**&* i«t« him J-00 P. 9:4o a.
F»r», 8u Tnadte* to Siuamlt uJ R«h>ra. |t-».
* iu«toa<ML«aj(Axxx;BTKSiTu4SAC&iiaan»sx. .
¦ . ¦ -.-->, ....... *-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA : REAL . ESTATE. '","'
'CALL and ' see the 'Alameda Land . Company.'
Great bargains offered this week;. -$2150
-•" buys a new modern 5-rounv cottage; lot 40x
120; a, ¦, snap. Will build, rent: and sell you
on easy terms. ' ¦ • •-..' ... !• *
ALAMEDA' LAND COMPANY, ill
1500 Park Bt.. Alameda. Tel. Grand 14C1. ¦•
HOOJ1S . FOR .HOUSE ICEKPISG. IT'
BELL (The). 1773~Market^Sunny . suite; with
grate, gas and kitchen. $20; telephone.
ELLIS.' 330—2 small sunny . furnished house-
keeplng rooms In rear; rent. $10. " ui
GOLD, 429 \<2 — 3 large unfurnished rooms; stov*.
sunny yard, . garden; $11; German .family.
GOLDEN GATE. ave., 511— Parlor floor; newly
. furnished; gag range; yard; $35.
GROVE, 366 — 2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for light housekeeping. ¦.••.. -,
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping; gas stove; running water.
HOWARD, 10C3— 2 sunny connecting complete-
! ly furn. front- bay-window rooms; range; $10.
LARKIN. 1010— Newly furnished rooms,' single
¦ or: en 'suite;, light, housekeeping.
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary, nr. Mason— Sun-
ny housekeeping." rooms;- every convenience; ;
$8 per month. •'-.; .'.• " - ' ;
MINNA, 28 — Large housekeeping room in base-
ment' Cheap: $1 50 r per week. . . : ,
OAK, -117 — Nicely furnished sunny suit;', sink;
! gas; range; phone; every convenience; $12 up..
PINE, 2015, near Laguna— Double parlors and
kitchen; modern; unfurlshed; $15. ¦"
POLK, 5V4 — 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms, nicely
furnished and others; cars pass the house:
POWELL, 1008, cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms, $16;
. S connecting, $30; all complete for housekps.
STOCKTON, 1200 — Single housekeeping r6onw
to let, $4, $6, $10; gas and stove. . - ;
SEVENTH, 311, near Folsom — Two good house-
keeping rooms; cheap. ' ." " .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions 1
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 1086 Va-
lencla rt. ¦ . : - '-.¦¦¦ ¦ .
ROOMS TO LET— Kuril, and Un2ura.
A — FREE list furnished rooms to let; with or
without board ; we save you walking ' the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Monte' y.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 76c day upward: rates by . week or '
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
Brill room in California . attached. - -- -
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. • 13&i)— Fur-
. tnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ALL. choice neat sunny suites or singles;" day,
week or month;. bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms ; prices reasonable. ¦
EDDY, 106 — Newly furnished sunny suites;
also single rooms.
ELLIS, 310 — Newly furnished sunny front room
reasonable.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
S5c. $1 BO night; $1 50. $6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 820— Newly furnished sunny rooms ;
private family.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 774 — Two large ¦ sunny- front rooms;
¦ run. water; private family; furn. or unfurn.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—"
Family bouse; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home rt moderate charges; suit, single, elevat.
GROVE, 8 — Sunny furnished, room for gentle-
men;, terms reasonable. ...
MARTINET. 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667. : cor. Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; - transient. - '
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; (2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elee. lights: day, week. -mo:
PINE, 900 — Sunny corner, handsomely . fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen In private family.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths:
SACRAMENTO. 13C5A — 3 rooms with yard;
separate entrance; rent $7.
SACRAMENTO, 1633 — A neatly furnished front
room; grate and running water; use of bath
and phone; board optional.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or . unfurnished. I
SUTTER, 1022%.' - nr. Hyde — Large double par-
lors, furnished: sun all day.
TEHAMA. 308, near Fourth — Nicely fumtehed
sunny front rooms, suitable for one or two.
Vendome, 1104 Market— Changed hands; newly
renovated;. furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109tJ
Valencia st. - . : . ; .
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front room*;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
¦ first-class board ; reasonable; phone South 620.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (8tevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table: popular rates.
VAN NESS, 607 — To a refined couple;- large
sunny parlor, with board, in private home.
JOHNSON, The, 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished '. sunny
1 suites, single -rooms; first-class table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .'
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. B5S0.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death > notices 7 sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication . offices and bn
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SVENSON— In Oakland. March 28,. 1002, to the
wife of Fred J. Svenson, a son.
~ TVTATtTrrFjV ~?~
BIGLOW — BIGELOW — In this city, March 20,
1002. by Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, D. Carlton
. . O. Blglow of San Francisco and Theodosla
Blgelow of Oakley, Contra Costa County.
COURTRIGHT— KELLY— In this >clty, • March
30. 1002. by Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, In Cen-
.. tral Church, William •: L. :¦ Courtright ¦ and
:Mary L. Kelly, both of this city.
MULLENDER— BOUTES— In this city. March'
20. 1902. by Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, Harry
Mullender' and Earnestine Boutes, both of
• thle city.
DIED. ~~~
Boland. Julia . Mogan, Joseph A.
Downey. , James. -.-• •Moore,: Elizabeth J-
Duncan, ¦ Grace M- Rahmstorf, • Cord
Francis,. Frances L. . Richardson. Robert
Galvin, Mary E. • •- Robinson, Elizabeth
Hatch, Theodore H. Rowland, Walter H
' Hawks worth, : Katie. , Tuohey, Joseph P. .
, Hempt, ¦ Joseph - ¦ Twohlg, Julia ;
Hurd, Jesse ...'•• . Vlani, . Hazel
¦ Jansen. • Herbert W.- Walrath, ¦ Austen
. Lewin, Marie ¦ Williams, Alexandria
Lonergan,' Chris Woodward, Amy - R.
McCloskey, 'Frank A.
BOLAND— In this city. ; March > 30, : 1002, Julia,
' beloved wife, of .Richard.. J. Boland, ; and
- beloved ¦ daughter of Mr. ¦ and 'Mrs. • C. Bros-
nahan of Vallejo.' a native : of :,ValleJo, Cal.,'
aged 30 years .7. months and 4 days.
C7"Notlce ' of ; funeral ; : hereafter. -.
DOWNEY — In the City, and County Hospital
March, 20, .1002, James Downey.
DUNCAN— In this city. March 29, 1002, 'at her
¦ residence, 442^4 : Twenty-ninth- street, Grace
Martin Duncan, ¦ beloved . daughter of ;Mrs
' Mary Inch - and " the ¦' late •.- William Martin
stepdaughter ; of .William Inch, and ' wife of
.W. -W. Duncan, : a native of Amador County,
Cal., aged 17 years 4' months and 16. days.'
C7Frienda and ¦ acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited .to -attend the,, funeral'" to-day
(Monday), ? at 1 :30 ; o'clock,"- from .- Epworth
Methodist Episcopal Church,: Corner Twenty-
sixth and Church: fitreets.. Interment Cypress
* Lawn Cemetery, by. carriage. ,,
FRANCIS— In' this city,'- March 29,~ 1002," Fran-
ces Lecount,'; beloved wife of, R. C: Francis,'
and . mother ¦ of Charles - B., Joseph ' S. ; and
George E. Francis, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa:, aged .76 years • 5 months and ' 0 , days: .
tCTFrlends , and : acquaintances ¦ are respect-'
fully Invited .ta attend, the funeral' services
to-morrow v.(Tueoday), ¦ at 12:80 -; o'clock, ¦ at'
¦ her • late , residence, <iS . Pleasant \ street, . orf
Taylor, between ¦ Sacramento ¦and.. Clay,.
- thence to St."^ Peter's j Episcopal ¦ Church, ¦¦ cor-
ner ' of 8tockton' and Filbert" streets, •; where-
cervices L wlll' s be- held. \ .."';-', ' ¦'.' . : • :" "„ . .-
GALVIN— In this ' city, March '30, 1002. 'alary
;JAWBS^ McGINN,
Formerly ; with McGinn Bros., "has opened
ne w . Funeral Parlors at • 214 ; Eddy .-: st. , bet.
v Taylor and 'Jones: South 670. •
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 9f6 Market Street.
• .Telephone 'Bush' 367. '.:'.'¦
(Succeasor- to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .
.DANIEL, P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20, Fifth '.St., opposite Lincoln School.
.--.-:• . ¦ Telephone ¦ South 80.. - ¦ •
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
.' _j^^_mjt;«cjvl^ ir^sT|u;aiEvrs.
A—fl-KCfA!, Bate and cr>ccl&rdiscoun?s~cii'16o
. ttinJarf tmVm includlns: 1 Kcabe $38;
: a *££< fs ». SiyO; 1 Conovcr. $215; 2 Chleker-
• IT"* 1 ?~i r ' : - 1 ne'.n«\ t *230; 4 Stein way." $1S5.
Ker.ts. $2 up; Installments; S3 up. Over 50C0
Heine Pianos are in use In Saa Francisco
as a not one can be had outside of the com-
pany's wareroor-.s. All the leading musl-
«ans use and Indorse the Heine Piano.
Coaie soon; eale- vriH close on completion of
the new lieir.e H»Il. 235-237 Geary st.
**-THOUGH many seemingly advantageous
Propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that »•• can not only duplicate them, but can
tffer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
*fcsortmer.t of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Etelnway dealer^
tor. Kearny and Sutter Ets.. S. F.: Broad-
__w«y and Thirteenth ets.. Oakland. "
A GOOD piano is a source of constant delight
and no one can afford to «eny himself or the
family such a pleasure when a piano can be
eecured from us so low and upon such easy
terms. Our stock embraces the Decker &
Son, Wisener. Baumeister and Etodard.- ' THE
__2ENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Seccnd-hand square pianos from $50 tip.
Second-hand organs from $26 up; new unrleht
Pianos Iron* $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON, 16 to 20 OTarrell. Chlckerlng. Mason
_ a&<fHamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. .
ANY piano eold by us taken back anv tim»
Jrtthln 2 years and full purchase price al-
loued on a new peerless Knabe. at reetilar
price; costs you only 2tte a day to tay ,
Plc-to from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
OFarrell sU; established ,1850. ~ZZ^i ,
DEALERS, big profits saved on unredeemM
I pianos ; filing for storage and advances? "?-
?^ I^e^.^^cS:.^l F M r aSel
st-. Ean Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
SOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
Lester pianos: Spielmann pianos; Ceclllan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308, 310.
siz Post st.
Si 3 A I J '' u P ri * nt . $35; large cabinet grand up-
rjfffct. $150; square pianos. $35 up: A- B.
-walnut case, almost new, $279.
Bowers & Son. 23 Sth st.. Ivers & Pond agts.
t-'PRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
J^pUng Pianos 1b city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER A CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sta.
PARTY going to locate in London must sacri-
r Pee handsome upright piano. Sll OTarrell.
If 3 LEADING pianos, Stelnway, Chlckerlng.
vleber. other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JQS. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister.
etTPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
M »-iJLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AJVD STORKS TO LIST.
Large store with baset.. front. Clay-Merchant.
above Montgomery: lease. Keys 636 Clay.r.l.
1 OIL.
JIL tank*, 2nd-hacd. in good order; all sizes;
tbeap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
g-- 1 ¦ —
AND DBCORATOKS.
\ooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting dona.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Red 3521.
work; low rates; get figures. X.
C. ROMAIXE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
FAUIISTBY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 14 Va and 15, The Vendome, 1104 Mar-
ket et.: hours from 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.;
horoscopes cast by mail. $1.
iiME. G. L. KEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Pest Bt.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOEELLL scientific palmist. B15
Taylor «t.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
v PERSONALS.
I WANT two more parties to go to Alaska,
where I made a good strike last summer;
must have at least $4O0 to defray your ex- )
penses. For particulars address CHAS. R.
-KAISER, Hotel Chicago, West Berkeley. Cal.
EVERTBODY says, Mr. Lederer, your hair
dressing is the best in the city and you
only charge 25c; shampooing, 00c; hair diled
in 10 minutes; manicuring 25c G. LED-
ERER, 123 Stockton st.
AN elegant line of remnants for. suits to order.
$15: with these — :its we make an extra pair
ct pants free of arge; other suits on lnstall-
- menu, $1 week.. L. LEMO5, 1117 Market
rt., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY cues*? Tou can be certain of style and
' fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
¦ "•tetra and The Designer now ready. J. W.
HttgjjifANS. Domestic of floe. 1P21 Market. gr.Ctfa^
I : |W><".IC light in every room — Winchester
I BBr ¦¦4jt>44 Tbird et.. near Market; 700 rooms;
m /*,'' $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
ByC bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
t - JM 'HAT do you think? O BERMAN, il
I His. makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
r Wm &s white shirt* : selection 300 patterns.
ItJaFXEr loaned at low interest; gold, sliver,
Bw diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
tM^t W. J. 'HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St. ¦
;pi 'IITE en&xnel iron beds, single, three-quarter
Ubr double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
MX)., 1310-1312 Etockton Et., near Broadway.
sZ'ectrclytlc removal of moles and superfluous
Ijghair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
ga work guaranteed. Miss C Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
RT'scbool to learn hsJrdresslng. hair work, nun-
' tearing. ¦ Manhattan Hatr Store, 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
fcUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
»lectrtc needle. MISS EATON. 1119 gutter st.
A — IF your hair <¦ f ailing or you are bald call oa
Dr.a.6.Moore.232O'Farrell; send for circular.
ELECTRIC nerdle epeclaiicu; superfluous hair
it moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
I RIVATE detective work; reasonable ratet; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
'J Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
1 cti costnmer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
' Electric tt electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
EUPEKFLUOCS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mr».Traverse.ll70 Market,
aLFHKDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; 91; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25e. All druggists.
MASQUERADE coeturoes. play books! wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 GO; dress panta, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
• best corn cure, 25c; all druggists. '•'"'¦
. PHYSICIAKS AJTjP SPBGEOSS. '
XS established paying medical specialist busi-
ness for eale at a bargain: only email capital
required; clearing over $5000 a year;. name,
1 lease,' pood will, furniture, fixtures, etc.. all
go; the fullest opportunity will be given for
investigation to those who mean business;
1 satisfactory reason for selling. Box 4511. Call.
KCPTURE amd piles cured^ no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden A Porterfield. 6 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surge* n. at 4S4 Valencia ex..; hours 10 to 8.
Ifcit C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021^ Market St.. bet. Elxth and Seventh.
~7^ PRO PERT V WAKTKD. : - - '-
WANTED — San Francisco property for. Eastern
buyers; call soon. EMStONS & SON, Mills
building.
CEWIKC MACHIXE3 AKD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds b.tught, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL Vlnds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring: lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AKD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office . Post . and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 0713. ¦
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
cion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., €30 Market St.:
U tel. Main 1S40; shipping, at cut rates.
¦ PACIFIC (Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
W ¦ panv. £320 .Flllmore Bt.: phone Jackson 281. '
I SUM3IKR KESORT TO LET.
Hto lease— Kenilworth Inn; romantically situ-
Bated In Mill -Valley; 50 minutes' - ride from
Hr Sa» Francisco: completely furnished; -40
M roomc; steam and hot water baths; electric
[¦ lights; heaters throughout; elevator*. ;«tc;
il rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE, 3f
Bf Montgomgry »t.
AND SUI'I'LIES.
I* ' HVr iiA itGAU^S {N^T^WRJTERS^Wt
I '"¦ ' : ",H| better machines (or less money than any
kmi in the c:iy; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
I •Jw^riiT.ce, !;M CatUorsia: tol<-phcr.e Main 26C
li'SjjJFTEl-t Tji.ewrlier Inspection Cn.— Expert
BWu-ftwriUr elector*; ett!ma:c free. 2CJ Sansoin*.
REAL^KSMJATR — CITY-— FOR^- jiALE.
EASTON. ELDitlDOK"X^o7r l«T MarkeC«t/
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
GRAND SPECIAL PKOBATE SALE,
ij* .'Choice -Properties .-of the
K-ta.e of JOSEPH M. WOOD (Deceased), .
_„ By Order of ttie . Executrices. . >
! TUESDAY April 1st. 1902
At Our Salesroom. 03S Market st..
_ At 12 o'clock noon.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS."
rjlne lou, on west line Stelner «W between
1 vallejo and Green sts., and lot on: S. line
j Green, 110 feet W. of Stelner; these lots.com-
¦ mand a magnificent unobstructed marine view
: and surrounded by the finest residences In , the
I dty; graded and ready for building; only one
block from Union or Flllmore st. cars ;* street
accepted by the city; larse lots, 27:«xllO.
HEVENTH-ST. MANUFACTURING SITE.
East line Seventh st.. 120 feet S. of Berry,
being the NE. cor. Seventh and Division ats.;
this prpperty Is surrounded on all sidca by the
i railroad yards and tracks and is assured of a
i big future: lot «3:Sxe0:8%xl02:0x45:10.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS. BUILDING LOT.
S. line of Broadway, 103:1 >4 feet E. of
Stelner; elegant lot surrounded on all sldea by
the finest residences in the city: only a few
steps from the Flllmore-st. cars; large, lot,
34:4>4xJ27:S"4.
SEVENTEENTH-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
S. line 17th st., 189 feet E. of Church; three
choice lots ready for building; flats erected on
these lots would rent and sell readily; street
bltumlclzed; lots 25x100 feet each.
ALSO
S. line of 17th St.. 289 feet E. of Church st. :
a choice lot; level; street bltumlnlzed; 27:6x
100, mere or less: Elchtetnth-st. cars and
Guerrcrc-st. cars handy.
ALSO V.'i.;.
DORLAND-ST. LOT.
N. line Dorland st, 1 14.01 % feet E. of
Church st. ; a fine lot ready for building . and
close to Mission High School: lot 24x157:6.
UNION-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
E. line Union St.. 105:6 W. of Gough st.: a
choice lot for flats and store; Union st. Is the
business street of this district; street work
done; lot 25x137^. .
MISSION RESIDENCE.
N. lice (364S) 10th St.. 245 feet E.. of Do-
lores «.; a two-stcry residence of 6 rooms and
bath In the beat lmrt of the Mission warm
belt; Guerrero, 18th or Valencia st. cars; street
bltcminized: lot 25x100 to rear street.
EIGHTEENTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
S. line INos. 3619-3621) Eighteenth St.. 100
feet W. of Guerrero st.; a fine key lot, close
to the transfer corner; suitable for store and
flats In front and fiats in rear; if properly im-
proved would pay big; present Improvements
old: street bltumlnlzed: extra large key lot,
30x213, with L 24x113.
LOMBARD-ST. CORNER.
1 EW. corner Lombard and Buchanan sts. ; a
fine corner lot. suitable for store and flats: on
North Side boulevard; lot 30x110.
SANCHEZ-ST. CORNER.
SE. corner (Nos. 449-451-453) Sanchez and
Dorland. st«.:s Improvements three cottages of
four rooms each; rents $2SS per annum: a fine
corner In a growing neighborhood; lot 54.03
xlO4 feet. A
VAN NESS AVENUE RESIDENCE LOT.
Ea-it side of Van Ness ave., 12.18 feet north
of Greenwich St.: a grand lot on an elevation,
giving a pnagnificent unobstructed marine view
of the bay. Golden Gate and Marln County
hills; lot 35x294 feet, more or less.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
Northwest corner of Mission and 'Brook sts..
opposite Cortland ave.; a handsome, eunny
corner, level and ready for building; a fine
stte for stores and flats: Mission st. bltumln-
lzed: corner, lot. 40x85 feet.
ALSO
Northeast corner of San Jose ave. and Brook
St., at Junction of Dolores st.; a fine, level
lot. on which email flats would pay well; cor-
ner, 40x77.
GREEN-ST. BUILDING LOT.
S. line Green St., 137:6 feet E. of Stelner; a
splendid site for a home; elevated;, marine
view: only half a block from Flllmore-st. cars;
lot 32:6x137:6 feet. .
SaN BRUNO ROAD LOTS. •
Lots Kci. 33T, 339. 340. Gift Map No. 4;
three lots on San Bruno road, a short dis-
tance beyond Cortland ave. ; the electric cars
pass the property;. lots 25x70 feet each.
Subject to confirmation of Probate Court.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO.. 638 Market at.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~~
S50 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177/ :
Real Estate Agent. ,
Property - Bought and Sold.
Rents collected.
$1400 — TWO new modern cottages. $1400 each;
bath, closet/sink, nice yard, fe^nce; 28 min-
utes* ride to Third and Market sts. ; . $400
cash, balance $14 per month. WELLS &
SAUNDERS. C30 Market st.
C-55O0 — MUST be paid: $3000 cash only;, rents
$CO. Apply, on premises, 2623 Sutter st., near
Lyon. ,..¦-. ¦ , .
$5650— BARGAIN; nice flats, well rented; Mls-
slon warm belt. Owger, box 4503, Call office.
PAPERING room walls.' $1 50; painting, $1;
whitening. 75c PAINTER. 315 Golden Gate.
poiyrniCHMOSD real estate.
DID you ever slop to think what it means to
Invest now at the beginning, when prices are
low. In a town
At the Terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad,
Where the Standard Oil Company Is Expend-
ing Millions. -¦: — «— -.-.-. =7
Where the Union Iron Works Is Going to
Build a Big Plant. Employing Many Men;
Where There Is Deep Water, and Where Ship
and Rail Meet?
Thgse Conditions Exist
W AT POINT RICHMOND.
LOTS in the
SANTA FE TRACT, .
POINT RICHMOND.
All Level Streets Graded.
$150 and Up— ———$15 Cash. $5 Monthly.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.,
Bole Agents.
REAL ESTATE-~COU.\TnY— For Sale
A DELIGHTFUL country place, 160 acres;
elevation 2000 In mountains; 4 miles south
Mountain View: within 3 hours of Sa 1
Francisco; grandest sanoramle view In
State; attractive surroundings; 3 fine spring*;
a perfect health home; small cottage; excel-
lent stable; necessary outbuildings; 4 acres
assorted orchard: 4 acres bearing vineyard;
must sell; great bargain. See owner from 0
to 11 a. m., 238 Montgomery, FLINN, HAR-
RINGTON A CO.
FOR BALE NEAR BAN FRANCISCO
Bmall tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apnly
to The Cotati ' Co., 302 California st., for
pamphlets and Information. .
Banta Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties, nee WOO8TER, WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. 8. F.. & Ban J.
PROFITABLE! orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY A CARR. 8 Eddy st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 5-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
sewered: corner lot, 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
sewered; lot 60x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.
-1750 — $550 cash, balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company. 39 Nevada block,
San Francisco.
A THOROUGHLY well built house of 11 rooms,
bath, etc., on the sunny side of street and
near the university and head seminary; lot
100x130; a gentleman's home. JOS. J. MA-
SON, Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; hieh base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK. 014 Pine.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
KRIITVALE REAL ESTATE. :
ELEGANT lot: owner must sell; - make bid;
never so low. T. L., box 4597, Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN, ~ : "¦.,"'"
460 Tenth st., . Oakland.
$1000 — Cozy, cottage of 6 rooms; h6t and cold
water; hal); porcelain sink.' etc.; newly painted
and papered; sunny • side; . street .work and
walks complete; near cars and school; terms If
desired; No. 1743 Filbert st., near Twenty-
sixth; go and see It.
$2350 — Modern cottage of \- 6 rooms, bath,
high basement, bay window, brick foundation,
etc.; all in' fine condition; lot 60x125 feet, with
etone walks, open lawn, etc. : on Myrtle S st. ;
close In; location very desirable.
$3750 — Owner away; a genuine snap; a per-
fect little gem of a home; 7 rooms;, porcelain
bath, etc; lawn,- stone- walks, etc; 'choice lo-
cation; strictly residential; $1000 cash v/lll do:
could not be built nicer.
GEORGE W.. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP,, TO-DAY. ~
New pretty homes. 8 to 8 rooms; all mod-
ern; prices moderate;. vacant 40- foot lots; $800
to $1000; elevated above the street and includ-
ing street work complete; on Merrimac ¦ or
Twenty-eighth st., between Telegraph, ave.
&ndT3rove st. ; choicest and cheapest, property
In Oakland; close In and hnndy to. schools
and churches. See W. T. HARRIS • on the
premises or GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
¦•¦ - .400, Tenth ~st.. Oakland.
OAK L AX P^yn K 'TUREjFO R . BALK.
FURNITURE good and s cheap this month. H.
BCI1ELLHAAS. i'jS Eleventh St., Oakland. . >
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mor-
row, • Tuesday, April 1, at 1:30 o'clock, from
Masonic Temple, corner ' Post and Montgom-
ery streets, where services will be held under
the auspices of Oriental Lodge No. 144, F. 1
and A. M. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
fiuhr & Co., 1137 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car. from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
WILLIAMS— In this city,' March - 29, 1902 '
Alexandria, beloved wife of Frank Williams
a native of Finland, aged 20 years and il
months. •'. - ' .' • •¦-' •' ¦ ¦ ¦
KT Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
April 1, at 1 o'clockrfrom her late residence.
14 Federal street; : between First and . Bec-
. ond/ Interment, Mount; Olivet Cemetery.
WOODWARD— In' r, this , city. March 29, • 1002
Amy Robert* Woodward, Bister of Florence
Roberts Morrison, ' a • native of New -. York
City." (New York papers please copy.) , .. .
tUTFuneral private at 850 Grove street.'
C?'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, . from her late resi-
dence, 2300 Mason street, between Francisco
and Bay. . , Interment New Italian Cemetery.
WALRATH — In" -this city, March 20, 1002,
/ Austen Walrath, beloved » husband ¦ of Mar-
garet Elizabeth Walrath, and brother : of
Richard C. Walrath of Nevada City, a na-
tive of New York, aged 73 years. . : - ¦ , •
IE7*The funeral will take place : to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 318814 Twenty-tourth street, thence to
' St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
| boul, commencing at 9 - o'clock. ¦ Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • ¦ ¦ ¦ • . ,
VIANI— In this city, March 30, 1902, Hazel,
dearly beloved and only daughter of Michael
and Josephine: Vianl, and sister of Alfred
Vlanl, and grandchild of Mrs. Teresa Cuneo,
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 2 years 2
months and 19 daya.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are: respect-
fully Invited to • attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of Mrs. Margaret - Scheller,' 410 B
street. North Oakland; Interment Mountain
View Cemetery- ' • • .
TUOHEY— In this city, March 29, 1902, Jo-'
seph P., - beloved . husband pf Isabella B.
. Tuohey, and father of John,' Mary, 'George
and Joseph Tuohey and Mrs. Nellie Mac-
Farlane, a native of England, aced . 47
years 9 monthB and 22 days. A member of
Oshonee Tribe No. 78, Imp. O.' R.M. ; Cigar-
makers' Union No. 228,: and. the "New-York-
ers." • (New York and Brooklyn papers
...please coi>y.)_ , ..;*. « -.,,,., ,~. --
• • E7"Frlend8'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to i attend the funeral to-mor-
row, Tuesday, April 1, at 9:30 o'clock, , from
; his late residence,' 307 Chenery street, thence
to St. John's Church (Coltefce Hill), where a
- requiem high mass will be celebrated (or the
repose of < his - soul, commencing at- 10:30
o'clock. • Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TVVOHIG— In this city, March 29, 1902. Julia,
beloved mother of Joseph I. . Twphtg, a native
of Ireland, aged SI) years 1 month and -27
days. '
' BiyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 960 Haisht street; thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
.will be celebrated for the repose ot her soul
at 9 .o'clock." Interment private. • ¦• :
ROWLAND— In this ' city, March ': 30, 1902,
Walter H.. beloved husband of Adolphina
Rowland, and father of . Olga • Rowland, a
native of New York City, aged 25 years and
8 days. 'A member of Court Piedmont No.
7808, A. O. of F. • .
C7 Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invited to attend ¦ the funeral services
Monday. March 31. 1902. at 2 o'clock, at
the parlors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington
street, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. . , - ¦ . ¦ •
RICHARDSON— In this. city,; March 30,- 1902,
Robert Richardson, a native of New York,
a^ed 56 year*. ... .
ROBINSON— In this city, March 30, 1902,
Elizabeth Robinson, mother of the. late Mrs.
J. C. Nealon, . a native of . County . Limerick,
Ireland,: aged 75 years. • ¦ . • • - ¦•-.-¦ '.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the Church
of . the ¦ Advent, Tenth street, ¦ Hear Market.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery; . .
RAHMSTORF— In Oakland, March 28. 1902,
Cord Rahmstorf, a native of Holsteln, Ger-
many, aged 76 years and 2 months.
- E7 Notice of. funeral hereafter. 'Remains
at the residence ; of his mother," 602 Filbert
street. -¦ • ¦¦'.".¦' ' '"• •'.' '''¦.¦" ¦ ¦'
MOORE— In this city, ' March' 20. 1902.S Eliza-
beth .J. Moore, beloved wife ; of William
Moore, and mother of W. J. Moore, and sis-
ter of Annie Irwln. • . . . .: -. .-
ICTTriends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully. Invited to . attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from' his late resl
dence, '4150 Seventeenth street, opposite Eu-
thence to the Church of the Most Holy
Redeemer, ' where •. a • requiem mass will be
celebrated for tho repose of . his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, -
MOGAN— In this city, March 30,'* 1902, j Joseph
A: • Mogan, beloved husband ; of Violet - J.
. Mogan, son ' of Mary ¦¦ and the late John , Mo-
gan, and brother' of Mrs. J. .Kltterman,
Columb, Austin and Minnie Mogan.
• icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully : Invited to ¦ attend the -. funeral', to-day, 1
Monday, • March 31, at 2 o'clock sharp, from
her late residence, 723 McAllister street, and
thence by 3:30 o'clock train to' New Salem
Cemetery for Interment,
LONERGAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, March 29, 1902, Christopher Lonergan, a
native of California, ¦ aged 47 years. \ •
McCLOSKEY— In tMs ; city, March 29. - 1902,
Frank A.,"- beloved son ot James and Cath-
erine McCloskey, and brother; of John, • Jo-
seph, Agnes and Peter McCloskey and ' the
late ' James < and , Cassie McCloskey, a native
of San Francisco, aged 10 years and 6 days.
*'¦". -\ IE? Friends and acquaintances . are respect-'
'•C* t)llly- Invited to attend the , funeral Monday.
<>|>!arch*31,-'.-from: his- late: residence,-. '^618
' i G-jary ' street, -at 2 o'clock. •• Interment. pr5-
v ' V*te, ¦ Mountain View Cemetery.
HaWKSWORTH— In this city, March 30, • 1902,'
'-¦ Katie, wife of -Charles H. Hawks-
. : worth,' and sister of Mrs. J. B. McKenzie,'
¦ft- Mrs.. . W.I L. Moore, • Mrs. R. . B. Moore ami
¦'Mri.-^L.AW. Peterson, a native of Benicla,
Cal.,': aged 23 years. — ' .:
' - C7Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
HEMPT — In the ' City! and County Hospital,
• -. March • 29, \ 1902, Joseph ; Hempt, a native Of
Austria; aged -64 -years. ..
HURD— In this city, March 29. 1902, at ¦ his
.residence,; 797 O'Farrell street. Jesse, .beloved
; i husband of Ella F. Hurd, and father of Berr
nice • C. Hurd, and ' son ¦ of ' Mrs. M.'- C. ; Per-
rault, 1 and brother of , George R:, •' J. B.>and
. the late W. C. :Hurd and Stella Perrault, a
native of California,* aged 32 years 10 months
and ¦• 15 ' days. ¦ . , ¦'¦¦¦': \'i '¦'..¦ ¦ '•
ttTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to : attend the funeral . to-day
-(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral .par-
lors of Porter & White, 122, Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ¦ V .
JANSEN— In this city, March ; 30, . 1002, •' Her-
bert : William, beloved son of Christian ,T.
and , Nlcoline ' W. Jansen, '- and brother l of
Thomas Jansen, a native of. San. Francisco,
aged 5 years 7 months and 18 days.
LEWIN— In 1 . this city, 'March 30, \ 1902, Marie
Lewlnr beloved: mother of Mrs. G. Nathan,
Mrs. Jacob Gordan and Hugo E. and Harry
Lewin. . a native of -Lobseus, Germany, aged
75 yeara.- i» J fe-e«SWHPaS«*H«BSK:,- , '•:;.
IT^For, time -and "place" of funeral" see even-
Klnirspapen^uaM^BjMiSgpBEMHsMBntttB
H^rrCH— Iri this city, ! March 29, , 1002, Theo-
1 ¦ iorefHenry Hatch, Jr.,- dearly beloved son ; of
1 •4.V|H..and .Theodosia. Hatch, and .brother 'of
¦'¦Mrs.' W.isK.iEwlng.' Mrs. T. K. Kaee and
JAfelllefHatch. ", ' " ¦
Ely'itGaYvlh, 1 :.. wife; of Edward I. Galvin of
Sacranvfcnto.-f and 1 mother • of ; Carroll ¦ D. ," - Reba
R.vani i Charlotte ; M.\ Galvin. aged 58 . years
C anrt'months. II miHfHl*mniK 1*1 11 >P'I Ifil 1 '^Brown, alias Charles Lealand; Alice Wil
son, alias Stevens, alias Stoltz, and Al
bert West. Detective T. L. Ryan, accom
panied by Detective Patrick Kindclon of
the Southern Pacific went to Santa Mar
garita Saturday evening to meet the two
ofllcerB with their prisoners and came
with them to this city.
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea recovered a
diamond brooch, valued at $500, from a
pawnshop on Mason street on March 14,
the day after the burglary. It had been
pawned for $80 and with that money Van
devere, West and Alice Stevens left this
city for Los Angeles on * tho following
Sunday, March 17. West got a poMlt'.on
there iih bellboy in the Hotel Van Nuy«
und Vatidevero and tho girl took room4
in a fa»hlona1;l« lodging. houiie on South
Main utroct. The detectives traced ' the
burglary to them and to Fred Heed, who
wom arrested here Friday nluht by De
tective Ityan, after word had reached
lure that O'Drn, with tho unxliitance of
DctectfvcM Auhl<! and Holly of. Lor An-
K'-u-t*. had arrested th« two young men
and the young girl there, i When arrested
Vk»i<1«vit«« hnd In hi* poRRMHiiloit onn of
thft stolen gold witlcln'H and Alice Wllnon
had another with a long gold chain ut
tllf'lll'd.
The threA youncr men mad« a complete
confc!««lon to tha detective* in tho city
prlnon and agreed to dhow them whero
the remainder of the stolen articles could
b found. Tho officer* MUNpcct that tht-y
have committed other burglaries. The
girl wa« ut one tlmo employed In the St,
Nicholas Hotel and also In a hotel In Ban
Rafael. Sha ha» been friendly with the
three male pridoncra for somo time, but
Hh« denlf* that sha had any knowledge
of the , Kruttschnitt burglary. She is 21
year* of age. f
1-jiKt evening the detectives arrestod
Ray Clark, 18 yearn of age, who was Im
plicated In the robbery by the confession
of Reed. Clark was a bell boy at tlu;
BAZIL.E MILLS. Neb.,- March 30.— The safe
of the Bank ' of Hazlle Mills was blown' open
last night and $1000 in cash and f 700 In drafts
stolen. . .' : ; .
. Bek'.ns Van and Htorage Co. will move your
household goods rain or f nine. fi:io Market st *
The police nt tho Central Btntlon were
Informed last night of a burglary com
mltted at 731 I'lne Htreet. The residence
of MrH.'Mnry Darcy was entered between
7 and S o'clock' whllo the family wan at
dinner.' Con»ldcrabl« Jewolry, linen nnd a
purwe containing $10 In coin were tak.^n.
; According to tho etory Mm; Dzrty told
tho.polIcA »he nnd. her daughter* went
down to the dlnlnjr-room, which Is In tho
bancment, about 7 o'clock. When they
returned to the Hrnt floor they were sur
prised to find that the house hod been ran
sacked. ,, , . . .. ¦ •
The burglarn evidently entered the
house with h skeleton key. :
Home of Mrs. Mnry Darcy If Rifled
by Thieves Enrly in >
the Evening.
BURGLARS LOOT RESIDENCE
, WHILE OCCUPANTS DINE
I)U8lncs> I* ¦ of tun trnnancted by.busl
nena men at lunch. dnt» Zinknnd. *
Walter Rowland died at the Central
Emergency 'Hospital early yesterday
morning as a result of the injuries he re
ceived on Friday evening, when two Ken
tucky-street cars crashed: together in
front of the Southern Pacific depot at
Third .and ; Townscnd streets. Rowland,
who wus an Instrument maker employed
by the A. ' Lietz Company, was caught
between the two cara. Both thighs were
fractured, hla right ankle was fractured
and dislocated and hla left wrist broken.
Ho was also terribly bruised and wus
supposed to havo received Internal .in
juries.
Rowland was a passenger on car 951,
north bound, and wuu returning from a
trip 'to the Union 'Iron Worki, where ho
had been ncnt by, hi* omploycm. Ho
lvaveaa wife and child, who live at 471
¦11 street, Oakland. ••-.•«
! Henry Unrrlnon and P. B. Street, the
motormen of the colliding cure, were'ar
re»U*d lam night on charge* of man
ulutiKhtcr.' They were rolctiuscd on }J0
ciiHh bull 1'iidi, . ,
tric Cars on Kentuoky Street
Victim of the Collision Between 1 Elec-
ROWLAND SUCCUMBS
: TO HIS INJURIES
People in Search, of Recreation and
Rest Throng* Ocean Points
of Interest
A large crowd enjoyed the warm sun
shine at the beach and park yesterday
afternoon. The beach "was black with
people from the Cliff House to the wreck
The usual crowds were found at the Cliff
House, the baths and dancing pavilion.
The park afforded a resting and amuse
ment place for several thousand people.
The children's playground was crowded
with happy youngsters. The drive wa-s
unusually lively, vehicles of all sorts
crowding- the roads from sunrise to sun
set The day was devoid of any serious
mishap.
CROWDS GATHEE AT
TI"3E BEACH ANT> PARK
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia
Druggists. 50c fias-k. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.
Another Accident on Same Line Near
Ocean View.'
A Ban Francisco and San Hateo electric
car. in charge of Motorxnan \V. L. Davis,
struck . a hack containing two Chinese
women near Ocean View yesterday after
noon. The driver, according to t'he rail
way company's story, was intoxicated and !
was thrown to the ground by the force of
the eollieJon. He was uninjured. Neither
of the Chinese women was hurt. The ve
hicle was badly smashed.
The hack was returning from the Chi
nese cemetery, where the women had Just
paid their last respects to some departed
Mongolian. Approaching Ocean View, the
driver kept on the car track, despite the
motorman's warning: bell. The car was
coming down a steep grade and could not
be stopped until it had reached the foot.
When the hack was struck the driver was
pitched from his seat and the women, bad
ly, frightened, jumped out of one of the
doors. The driver refused to give his
name.
CAB STRIKES A HACK.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ..* ....
: Ono.,man. was , fatally ¦". injured ' and
another received a fruciurcd hip In a col
llHinn between ; a . Sun ; Mnteo ' trolley car
'and,a,Twenty-nlnth BtrcuL.'"car yesterday
ufternoonat Twenty-riinth-otreet and B.i.i
Jcko avenuo.. ,The, man who will Ule um a
resuit of his Injuries is Domlmco Cane, an
Italian laborer who lives at 4 Vis <J»ni ui
i<iy. lid waa atanulittr on thu footDourd in
ii. <i front iijiuii Mjuicir of mi! ami iviutcn
cur, aim witu pintieu between tho seut and
the iront ,pottt uf llii! uini'i- ear. Fully
ten , m.nutC'H 'clapped beforu ht» mangioU
foimcuuiu.ou tixiricatuu from thn wr«cK-,
wge, und during that Interval' m* suneT
ihkk were HoriD-thlng uwfui. He oeKged in
bruKen jOhkiihu tur, ium« ono to'put an
ona' to hm ugouy by Inflicting death, and
ni'iru than ono man wtiu luburuct ut res
cuing the victim turned faint • at the
trigntfui Bpectacie of torture. When lie
wua imully taken from the detaining Um
bers Callo wus hurried to St.' Luke'* Hos
pital, wneru un examination snowed that
uoth of h.s legs ana one aim. were frac
tured,, in addition to which he was suf
fering from severe internal injuries. No
hope was held out for his recovery. .<-•;
Ine other injured man- waB Wl.liam F.
Fitzgerald,, a Bteamntter, ' residing at
309 Minna street., who received a frac
ture of the »right < hip. ' He also was
'on the footboard at the front end of the
Sun luatuu car, but was not held by tne
wreckage.' He was taken to the Railroad
Hospital -for treatment. ¦ ' '
•According to the accounts. of the motor
men and the passengers, the accident was
due to overcrowding. The San Mateo car
waB returning from the cemeteries with
the usual large Sunday crowd, having
more than NX) people onboard. As it
neared Twenty-ninth the motorman no
ticed a Twenty-ninth-street car approach
ing'and-endeavored to -check his speed,
but* the heavy load made this Impossible.
The Twenty-ninth-strcet cars nave the
right of way and the motorman on the
latter did not slow up, supposing that the
San Mateo car would come to a halt.
When it: was too late, he reversed his
gear, but the . forward • speed of the car
was great enough to carry it across the
•tracks. It .struck' the San Mateo • car
squarely on the* front- post and forward
end- and was thrown off the track. The
two motormen stuck I to their posts and
escaped uninjured. One' woman received
some slight Injuries, but was removed to
her home and her name was not learned.
The passengers .piled off the cars in a
panic,' but the men at, once recovered
their composure und assisted in the work
of rescuing Calle from the. wreck. Others
assisted in quieting the women and chil
dren and did whatever they could to miti
gate the horror of the occurrence.
-A baby, was • slightly ¦ injured and taken
to the power-house by the' conductor of
the San Mateo car, followed by a scream-"
Ing mother. ¦ ' .
•As quickly. as possible a wrecking crew
was sent out and cleared ; the track . of
the, damaged cars so that tratilc could be
resumed. ¦ „.;
P. . J. Amrock, ' the motorman on the
Twenty-ninth street car, was arrested on
the charge of battery and • released on $40
cash bail. . : ¦ ¦ — ' .¦
\ ;:¦ .. v.v. .. ...,v..
Overloading of Ope of the Passenger
.' Vehicles Is Said to Be the i '
Cause of the Acci-
A rear-end collision occurred yesterday
afternoon on the line or the California
and Northwestern Railway, live miles
from Tiburon. Through ffood fortune no
one was killed or injured.
A train, heavily laden with passengers,
left San Rafael at 6 o'clock in the after- ¦
noon. It was followed by another train, i
«J»o crowded. While turning a curve out
side the long 1 tunnel, passengers on the
lirst train were horrllled to see a runaway
engine racing toward them.
• Women In the rear coach screamed and
most "l the men became excited. One
woman attempted to Jump out of the win
dow, but was restrained by her husband.
A man became no excited that he com
raeuced Jumping from scat to scat. All
this- time the wild engine was com In it
cloncr and closer and at last, with a fear
ful force it struck the last car. Tin- shock :
and noise wore tcrrlnc. The steps and I
the back platform of the coach were de
molished and the headlight of the engine
was umiiMicii to pieces.
Gradually the train wan slowed up and
the panaengc-ni In the rear coach, who
were In a very nervous state from their
narrow escape, were taken Into a car
ithead. The engine wan backed up ana
finally trallle wus renewed.
The cause of the accident was a mis
calculation In timing the second train.
Jt had two engine* and when roundln* tne
curve the engineer, seeing the train so
clone ah. •.¦kI, applied the Air brnkea on the
cntrlne attached to the train. The leading
engine of the two had no air brakes and
the force of the nhwk In stopping the
train broke the coupling and started the
locomotive on its wild flight. Traffic was
ariuy&d on the road about an hour nnd a I
half owing to the accident. i
•
THE three young men and a young
woman implicated In the burg
lary at the Hotel Richelieu on
Van Ness avenue on the night
of March .13, -when about $1000
worth of Jewelry belonging to Mrs. Julius
Kruttschnitt, wife of the general man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
was stolen from her room while Bhe and
her husband were at dinner, are now in
the city prison. Yesterday morning' Dq-
I tective O'Dea of this city and Officer M.
! T. Bowler of I»s Angeles reached the city
with Charles Vandevore, • alias Carl
ENGINE RACES
AFTER TRAIN
BURGLARS WHO STOLE KRUTTSCMNITT
JEWELS ARE IN THE CITY PRISON
Lugl Mervapall, a baker; who; recently ;
arrived from. Fresno, waa lured (from; his ;
lodgings last night by. two bold. criminals
and taken to the corner of Lombard/ and'
Mason 3treets, where' they ; beat him'lnto'
Insensibility • with the ' butt end 'of a ' rer'
vol ver and ' then robbed }. him of . $300 \ In
money. • ¦¦..,. •;
Policeman W.' J. Cavanaugh r found .• the
victim of the thugs lying face downward
on the sidewalk and sent him to the Har
bor Emergency- Hospital, where he -was
treated for five deep gashes on the top and'
side of . his - head; ¦ „*. ¦"'¦' ' -¦:"¦¦ ' •
After having his 'wounds dressed Mer
vapall was. taken to the Hall of Justice to
give a description of his assailants to De
tective Harry Reynolds; who was detailed
to hunt for the robbers. ' -
¦ Mervapali was sleeping In ; his -, room ', at
the . Ramona Hotel . on / Sansome -. street
when two men: called ; on' him, -'andjipre-'
tending to : know his " relatives ¦ In: Austria,'
they struck up a,n acquaintance with' him.-
They had several drinks v. together, -v and'
then invited the unsuspecting : ; baker >* to
join them in a jaunt around -town.', 'They
took him to the: place where the robbery,
occurred, and, pointing a' revolver.? at :>' his
,-head, they 'commanded -him! to' throw lup
his hands. Mervapall . showed 1 fight; ¦ and
the ¦ thugs >et * upon him with s merciless
brutality and used their, revolver., upon 'his
bead until he" sank unconscious to : 'the
Tin vrm rn t ' TfCpfiniT'VJffilBi jftiili^m IMjtlBtPiWir/
As the men are known to the proprietor
Lugi Mervapali, a Preshq
Baker, Is the
> Victim. : : :
BRUTAL THUGS
ROB STRANGER
Montroee, which ndjolnii the lUchcllcu,
but quit hln employment there nhartly bo
for« tho crime was committed. According
to Heed, th<» plot wrn hutched by.Clark,
who told tho actual burKlnr howontntnee
could bo gained to the Klcholieu from the
AlontroHo by climbing 'from tho roof of
the latter to a KkyllRht In thu former by
incnn» of a ladder. Heed' undertook thin
ir.nk whiln Clnrk, need clalmM, waited for
him on Van Ness avenue. The selection
of thn KruttHchnitt apartments wns.pure
ly an accident, a» Jleed did not knowone
rcom from another. Entrance wa» snlncd
Ijy mrnnji of a Moleton key,' but thn draw
er containing tin- Ji-wclry wan found open.
1 Aft<T neeurlnn: Mho plundnr ¦ Reed «ayn
ho Joined Chirk on ' Van? New avenue and
,th<) (wo ropnlri'd-to Cnrl Vandover'n room,
whero th« Jowfflry- won dlvldml botweon
;We«t, Viindiivpr, R«*od' and Clark, Bubue
•imnily H< <<i iik)v<iI to Oakland and part
.of .hlii.iipollH; wri», -pledged In n pawnHnop.
Me rutnlned domtt. of tho Jowolry, which
was recovered ut his room last night by
the detortlven,' They expect to Ket tho
r«'Mt- of. tho mlBHlng Jewelry from tho
1<iiwnshop In tho mornjnu.
of tho 'hotel - whero . Mervapall stopped.
It J». quite. llkwly. that-they will be landed
Hoon behind th« barH.-
. Chinese Woman Skips Out.
Guy.Fong, a notorioiut Chlneco woman,
wHo )r 'also known: to the ; police and tho
denizens -of -the^-Oriental quarter by the
nanie^of ."Ixma',"- has ' left town, • and the
police are anxious to flnd her. She disap
peared last. Saturday -mornlngr: with $1000
of her own money 1 like amount
¦which ahe, dwindled, eoveral* Chinese mer
chants out of; Thciwoman Is supposed
to . have. taken the steamer for. China. ....
THREE YOUNG MEN AND YOUNG WOMAN \VHO AR^'IMPLICATED IN
:the theft ok JEWELnv.nE longing 1 to mijb, ju'Lius Kriurr
8CIIN1TT, WIFE OP MANAGE!* OV SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Serious Rear-End Colli
sion Occurs on Long
Grade. '.
Passengers on California and
Northwestern Have ,
Narrow Escape.
12
THE' 'SAN; ;.j^ANCiSc6;'^g^LLV: : !:M6NP^T,H MAJRUEL Si, 1902;
ELECTRIC
CARS COME
TOGETHER
Two Young Men and a Young Woman Are From:
Los Angeles by Detectives arid -i0he^ri^i;:i||i\^<e :; Herei:
Men Confess Their Guilt but Woman Is vNon-Commiftal;
pominico' Calle, •:¦¦.' Pinned ' in
: Wreck; Pleads to EeL
t Put to Death. , , ,
One: Man Receives Fatal
!¦ 'v Injuries in the ;, 061- ,
¦¦ " • . lisionV ¦:'?'/'¦'. wM.--
ADVEETISEMENTS.
READY-MONEY SALE
TO-DAY, TUESDAYand WEDNESDAY
HAMS. Extra Fancy Sugar Cured, lb... .12^o
Wclghlnp from 10 to 12 lba.; nice and
plump.
DATES, Extra Choice, new crop, 3 lbs....25o
Nice and tender— good eating, r
COFFEE, Fanoy, Corta Rica, per lb 20o
Try this. Tleg. 25c ' Flavor rich. | •
BUTTEE, the Finest Creamtry, square.. 37#o
Remember we do not substitute second
creameries on our Bale.
TOMATOES, select paoV, per dozen.... $1.00
Latest pack — quality guaranteed.
CATSUP (Snider'f), per bottle ,20o
Don't overlook this. Reg. 25c.
OYSTEEc, the 20c size, 3 cans.... ...... 50o
An extra fine pack.
EGGS, extra sslecW, 2 doz HZBo
Direct from Highland Poultn' Farmi.
FELS-NAPTHA Soap.re?. 10c size, our price E c
, It does the. work alone. : .¦¦
PIM-0LAS, SevUle Packing Co.'s. 3 bottles 60o
Stuffed with red peppers.- Reg. 20o slie' .
SOAP, Babbitt'B Washing, 12 cakes. .. . .50o
Sold "only with our $2 00 combination 'sale
HONEY, Pure Water Whit:, 2 combs. . . .25o
Elegant flavor; well [ worth 20c comb.
OUR MOTTO :¦ NEW600DS, FULL WEIGHT
A trial order will convince you that we want
your trade. Bring the little ones any day thU
week; nomethlng ; nice ' will be 6erved ' free ' at
our utore.
T. H. CORCORAN & CO.,
1201 Valencia Street.
Bp. . COR. . T WEN'TY-TlilRD.
, -• Phone Mission 0.
/ADVERTISEMENTS.
* ' ¦ . ' . . . ' . . ¦ v
Our importation of FINE WASH DRE^S
GOODS for this season is now com-
plete. -We are showing a most elegant
collection of Foreign and Domestic
Goods, all of which will be offered at
POPULAR PRICES
FANCY EMBROIDERED SWISS- - - - 30c and 50c Yard
PRINTED FRENCH COTTON GRENADINES.. 40c and 50c Yard
JAPANESE CORDED WASH SILKS > ¦ - • • • • -50c Yard "
r IMPORTED SILK AND LINEN GINGHAMS • .50c Yard
PLAIN AND FANCY LINEN BATISTE 20c to 50c Yard
MERCERIZED PRINTED PERSIAN LAWNS- •¦••••• 50c Yard
SILK AND LISLE FANCY GINGHAMS. ... .:..". -75c Yard
F8EKCH PRINTED ORGANDIES. • • 50c Yard
NOVELTY SILK AND LINEN TISSUES- $1,50 and 51.75 Yard
MERCERIZED SCOTCH CHEVIOTS. -50c Yard
SCOTCH PRINTED DIMITIES-' 10c to 25c Yard
MERCERIZED PRINTED SATEENS- - - • • • . -25c to 50c Yard
. STRIPED AND CHECKED EGYPTIAN TISSUES. • • • -25c Yard ', |
SPECIAL. '!
2 Cases Extra Quallt'j PRINTED COTTON
FOULARDS, veru handsome (lesions.
2Oc Yard.
Full assortment of NEW PERCALES, GALA-
TEAS, GINGHAMS, CHEVIOTS, CRASHES,
COVERTS, and' WHITE AND COLORED OR- £
GANDIES AND LAWNS. -\
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
;".¦•¦¦ forwarded free to any address. \
III. 113., 115. 117, 119, 121 FOST STREET.
BQWEN m .
. Blonday Tuesday ¥ednesday
F i n nan h a'd d i e
Extra fancy — reg'ly 20c lb — . - c
backbone removed - • • <^
Baking powder
Excelsior— good— reliable— ,,*«
resr'ly 35c lb 3 OC
Tea
Mandarin Nectar— mild delightful ---
flavor— reg'ly 60c Id . *> uu
Pru n e s
Cntlfomfa— choice clean ' A il, -_„
frult-rcgUy.ioclb 4 ltJS 25c
F r e h c^h • o i I ;>
BottfeJ In Bordeaux-hljthest grade 40c
of Imported oil— ag'ly 50c— "¦
U bottle full quart 75 C
Bird pat e r
Franco-American— grouse—
woodcock-quail— wlld'duck— 2OC
pheasant-partrldge-rcg'Iy 25c can
S a 1 m o n
Selected fish— reg'ly i2*c an I IOC
Sweet pi c'k 1 e s
Pin money — \i plrjt 2OC
reg'ly 25C-40C bottle pint 35c
M o 1 a s s e s
O.d fasnlon— New Orltat.s —
reg'ly 75c— i-gallori can . S 5 C
S:ia d
Columbia river— dainty fish food--
reg'ly i2, l^c can . . IOC
G re en t u rtl e
Packed by Hickmott-^i, ¦ . .
reg'ly can 25c
T pin a to' c a t s u p
Natural flavor— best' ¦' ¦ r •
ingredlents-ree'lv 20c bot 3 tor 50c
BQWEN J
H ai r b r'u s h . £
Adam's— American made— , 51
all bristle— rcg'ly 75c 5°^
C r eole ric e
The^finest rice grown- 5 lb carton 4 ce
rpg'lyiodb- 10 " V ooc'"
Y i g o r chocolatev
Kraft— German medicinal » r
chocolade— reg'ly 65c lb 55h
Colgate's s o a p I
Turkish bath— lathers qulcklj— V
rrjc'Iy 60c 1 dorca cakes 5°^
Rye whisky j
Old mellow- reg'ly $ 1 bottle- y«
$4 gallon ; £t # '
Malt whisk yj
Wm Penn— rez'Iy Si bottle I _-¦
Duffy n ' 85c « \ 7S Oy
Port wine
Extra California— pure— rich— 4 ec "
fruity— reg'ly 60c bot->2 gal $j 50
Old Tom gin
D C L-reg'ly Ii full quart— n< __ ¦
as tine as can be made 9 OC '
Ginger ale
Cochrane & Co Belfast— *
full of snap— reg'ly Si 50 doz * J 35|
Fa c e powder
Roger &GaIIet— -
reg'ly 50c box 4CS
Br an bag s , }',
French-rcg'ly 25c box got '
Kohler's Swiss milk chocolate \ '¦
Russsian chocolate creams
(btest imported confection)
432 Pino 232 Sutter 2800 California *
San Francisco - *\
Thirteenth and Clay Street*, Oakland
B Eye Glasses are fitted with. El
I DOUBLE GRIP GUARDS I
£j ' (Patented.) .¦ pi
H - Which never slip nor tilt, ||
¦H and do hot wound the nose n
I ii rr n Till our b^ cui Brew >
valises checked free.
DIRECTOR^
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.;
Catalogues and Price Lists Mail-
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C WILSON & C ;1 J°? B *"«ry strwt. . *
J- V» TTILJV/q S Wil-. Teltphona Mala 186J.
' ; FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BOYES & CO Ehl PPl°« Butcher., ii*]
WAJ- UUlCJtttU clay. Tat. Main 12M. )
oils. : [ f"(
LCBRICATIXO OILS. LEONARD A ELLES.
413 Front at. a F. . Phone Main UU.
PRINTING. '-h"]
F. C RUfiHF^ • printer, f
LrW-.UUUUCJ- 611 Sanaom«at!.'a^y
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS «
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. >.WW
. 23 Flnt ttrrt. San y»- ; j|^
Weekly Cal] t $1.00 per T;^|
\\6 FOURTH STREET.
TCLErilOXE 11OWA1UJ 1530.
I vritfli to appear before tho coa-
•umer os dealUig In groceries exclu-
sively. The liquor business should be
handled by thoee to whom it belong;.
1 um prepared to sell groceries at
prices that cos fuse all competitor}-.
Here they are:
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER, per square 35c
w»> vny 40e r!«*«}j0ra?
RANCH EGcS, strictly fresh. 2 doz.- -35c
4 cans BALTIMORE OYSTERS....... 25c
Ties. 10c can.
FANCY SANTA CUBA PRUNES, 4 lbs. 25c
Jiff, 30c lb; In 2f.-lb box**, 11.33.
SANTA ROSA HONEY, per ccnil; 10c
EAST?Rn1'U6AR-CURE0 HAMS, per lb 12ic
KINGSTON'S TABLE SAUCE, per boff 15c
nqual to the beat.
24Ibs BEST GRANULATED SUGAR. .$1.00
CUTTIKG'S PORK AND BEANS, 3-lb can 10c
CHOICE FAMILY FLCU3, psr sack.... 80c
I'.f*. 00c. .
Freight paid on an often c t $5 for 100 mllei.
SAMPLE COLORS BENT FIIEE
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
237 First St.. S. F.-
OR.PIERCES "
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
HISCOVERY
BLOOP,LIVEBLLiJmo.<S.
¦ AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
>^rfe^5S*K?r ]-!ke Cut, S;;.7.*»'.
>^ / ffig^ Fishing Tackle and
l^tt Sporting Goods.
*¦** Send for Catalogue.
IA/. TV HESS,
ECTAET PTOLIO A.KD ATTCEHET-lT-ti7f.
T«ith Floor, noom 1015. Claus Spreckels BWk.
, Tcleplione Main 083.
Besldcncc, 821 California nt.. below PoweU.
iictidtatc Telephone. • Jamea 1WL
¦
sM«^^^V^!SBKft^/'S3BBBH9MHMwnB3JBiM3K8HBHwis^
BBBs^#jsBsy^B^sr i v<fflaBBisKi9wi A^B^v^r^i 1