"W" "**r yr ASHINGTON. March 5.
II ySi J — Messrs. Wolmarans
ra/H/^ and the Boer
Rr llf representative?, w, h o
r r came to the United
States from Europe for
the purpose of conferring with the Secre
tary of State, have achieved their pur
pose. They were received by Hay at 11
o"clock this morning. It was distinctly
understood that the Boers were to be re-
Mission of Wolma*
rans and Wessels
Is in Vain.
BOER REPRESENTATIVES ENTER
A PLEA WITH THE PRESIDENT
AND THE SECRETARY OF STATE
COMMERCIAL BODIES OF NORTHERN AMD CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
UNITE WITH LOCAL ASSOCIATON FOR STATE'S DEVELOPMENT
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN-' FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAECH 6, 1902.
VOLUME XCI.— XO. 96.
PROMINENT CITIZENS OF THE STATE WHO TOOK AN ACTIVE INTEREST YESTERDAY IN THE CONFER
ENCE OF DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND CIVIC BODIES OF NORTHERN AND CENTRAL CALI
FORNIA WITH THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF SAN FRANCISCO.
PROMINENT BOER REPRESENTATIVES WHO CONFERRED WITH
CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND HEAD OF THE ST^TE DEPARTMENT
IN REFERENCE TO INTERVENTION IN SOUTH AFRICA.
.LONDON, March 5.— The War Office
scheme, mentioned by "War Secretarv
Brodrick in the, House of Commons yes
terday, by which he hoped the Colonial
forces would «oon become available in the
event of a new -war Involving general in
terests of the empire. Is said io-day to
contemplate India proylding three army
corps. South Africa two army corps, Aus
tralia two army corps, New Zealand one
army corps and Canada four militia army
corps. These, In addition to six army
corps, would constitute a force for the
imperial defense little inferior in number
to the legions of the continental powers.
Continued on Page Two.
PANAMA, March 5.— News has been re
ceived/here that Governor General Rod
riguez with 500 men 'defeated -400 revolu
tionists: at Sevllla, department of "Magda
lcna, on, February 22. .
Defeat "of .Revolutionists.
The man who Is known to this witness
is the same man who is described by
Restaurant-Keeper Krone as the individ
ual who came into the restaurant. on the
evening of January 11 and told Krone that
he had an engagement with a young. lady
and that she should be sent to his table
when he came. On that occasion the
mysterious man, who gave his name as
Bennett, which is now" admitted by the
postal card and who subsequently waited'
for her at the Popular restaurant. He
was seen there on the day Nora Fuller
disappeared by a prominent business man
who knew him well and who at times
dined with him at the same table. The
name of the business man who imparted
this piece of valuable ' information
Is being withheld by the police, as
It was only with the assurance that his
name would not be brought Into the case
until he is called upon as a witness that
he decided to give the information which
has put the detectives on the trail of the
supposed assassin. • .
THE police believe they have fin
ally established the identity of the
mysterious man known as John
Bennett, who enticed Nora Fuller
away from her home and ruthlessly
strangled her in the vacant flat on Sut
ter street. So well .satisfied are they that
they are this time on the rlgh scent that
Chief Wittman has detailed Captain John
Seymour, Chief of Detectives, to go In
of the much-wanted man. Sey
mour left the city quietly yesterday morn-
Ing on the north-bound Oregon express.
It Is believed that the mysterious Ben
nett has been located In the vicinity of
Portland and will soon be apprehended
and brought back to face several strong
circumstances which seem to- connect him
with the murder of N'ora Fullcr$BIIIjHW$
The police admit that the man whom
Chief of Detectives Seymour is irackine
down is beyond the shadow of a doubt the
man who dined off and on for the last
six years at tho Popular restaurant and
the Individual who wrote Nora Fuller the '
police to be an alias, sat at the same
table he usually occupied. The business
man was in the restaurant at the time
and saw the man known as Bennett sit
ting there. .
He had often dined at the same table
with Bennett and had picked from him.
little by little, information about his busi
ness and other facts that have assisted
the'police in establishing his identity On
the proposition that he Is the right man
both Restaurant-keeper Krone and the
business man .who "tipped off" the infor
mation to. the police are absolutely cer
tain.
"The business man first met the myste
rious man known to Krone as John Ben
nett in August, 1901, standing in front of
the bulletin boards of one of the morn-!
ing papers. Bennett was reading a bulle
tin to the effect that the Police Commis-'
sioners were about to close' down S on
nickel in the slot gambling. The business
man was standing behind . Bennett and
the former recognizing in him . a ; man
Businessman Gives Clew That Causes Wittman to Send Seymour
North After Suspected Murderer of Nora Fuller.
POLICE ESTABLISH IDENTITY
OF MYSTERIOUS JOHN BENNETT
Wolmarans and Wessels, accompanied
by Dr. Frederick Mueller of the Orange
Free State, called at the White House.
They were received by President -Roose
velt in' the library and remained with him
about fifteen minutes. They called as citi
zens and not In their official capacity as
Boer representatives. Roosevelt" listened
attentively to what they had. to say and
then informed them that this Government
cannot and will not interfere in the strug
gle.
been strictly neutral and that the Govern- ,
ment had done nothing to prevent ship- 1 "
ments of commodities to the Boer 1 forces.
Addresses were made by Messrs. Forbes.
Schiller and Woodson. They were heart
ily in accord. with the objects of the meet-
Ing and . assured those present that the
people of their counties would render
every assistance In forwarding the move
ment.
PLANS OF PROPOSED BUREAU.
James Horsburgh Jr. presented a series
of resolutions which outlined the plans
of the bureau It is proposed to form. Ha
said that the Chamber of Commerce cf
San Francisco was disposed to co-operate
with the interior counties In the work arii
he puggested that his resolutions be re
ferred to that body for action. The reso
lutions began as follows: •
"Whereas, The prosperity of the city of San
Francisco as the metropolis of the Pacific
Coast 'and the prosperity of tributary sections
are Interdependent and the prosperity of the
country Immediately adjacent to San Fran,c'.3co,
comprising the three sections known as the
Sacramento Valley, the San Joaquin Valley and
the central ana coast line counties, is particu
larly of vital importance to San Francisco,
and >>'-.
Whereas. These three sections have, through
representative associations organized and now
being organlzed.^jof town and county' boarila
of trade, evinced a lively disposition to fur
ther their development In every way possible,
therefore be 't
- Resolved, By the San Francisco ChamBer of
Commerce, recognizing the very great gooj
that must come to San Francisco through such
development that wi» urge upon the people
of San Francisco the vigorous co-operation.
financially and otherwise, of Its citizens with
these associations and others that may here
after be formed.
In furtherance of this co-operation the
resolutions call for the organization of
a Directors' Association, to consist of
three members from each of the out.iido
associations referred to and a number
from the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce equal to the total of such outside
representation, these directors to . bo
chosen as. the different bodies elect and
to constitute the active working body.
It is also provided that the chairman of
will be for the best Interests of all con
cerned.
Green admitted the truth of much that
was said by Mills, but he said It should
not be forgotten that the people of San
Francisco and Oakland owned one-thinl
of the realty In the Sacramento Valley
and what they did not own they had
mortgages on. Mills made no denial of
this statement and the incident closed
amid laughter.
In calling the meeting to order Chair
man Newhall said that the gathering had
for its object the perfection of the or
ganization of a bureau composed of the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce,
the northern counties of California, and
the railway companies for the purpose of
systematizing the advertising of the re
sources of California.' It was not Intend
ed to . do any ''booming," but .only the
most legitimate. methods of attracting the
attention of the world to our.magriificent
resources would be employed. It was:in
tended to represent,' not' misrepresent, the
facts regarding 'the -Golden State,' • and
About twenty prominent gentlemen,
from various parts of the. State and from
San Francisco were' in attendance when
George A. Newhall, president of the
Chamber of Commerce, called the meet
ing' to order. The California State Board
of Trade was represented by W. HJ Mills,
A. R. Briggs, C. M. Wooster, B. N. Row
ley and J. A. Filcher. Those who ap
peared for the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association were W. S. Green
of Colusa, R. M. Green of Oroville. E. A.:
Forbes' of / Maiysville, -'M.. R. Beard of
Sacramento, C. F. • Foster* of , Tehama
County and W. N. Woodson of the May-I
wood Colony. The . delegates from the
Santa Clara Valley were V. A. Schiller,
C. M. Wooster and Paul Shoup. The up
per Salinas Valley was represented by C.
Weidamann.' Others present. were George
W. Love of- Redwood,! M. Michetree of
Palo Alto, Professor James A. Barr,
president of the Stockton Chamber of
Commerce; A. R. Briggs of the San
Joaquln Valley Association. The South
ern Pacific was represented by E..O. Mc-
Cormick, T. H. Goodman and James
Horsburgh Jr. The interests of the Santa
Fe were looked. after by H. K. Gregory: s
PURPOSES OF THE MEETING.
a MEETING of vital importance
A& to San Francisco and the
y^_ra northern and central counties
J* m Ml of was held in the
-A ¦*&>- Chamber of Commerce rooms
yesterday. The , project dis
cussed by' representatives of
development associations and civic bodies
of the sections named was the formation
of a federation of various commercial
bodies for the purpose of advancing the
business Interests of the State. The ob
jects desired to be attained were outlined
In resolutions adopted at the close of the
session, which will 'be read with interest
by the residents of the interior. .
W. H. Mills addressed the meeting at
some length. He referred to the excel
lent work done for the State by the ex
hibits of the Southern Pacific at ttae'Fan-
American Kxposition and at other places
In recent years. Their success spoke vol
umes for judicious advertising. This sys
tem of making our greatness known' to
the world was very much better than the
boasting, ranting advertising . too often
resorted to by individual advertisers."
Mills .paid some attention to the. oldest in-'
habitant, who for some reason or an
other is always "knocking" somebody or
something. The speaker advocated united
action if the best" results are to be at
tained. , He deprecated the sad lack of
local patriotism shown In certain sections
of the State, and expressed the belief that
the formation of- the proposed bureau
would do much to concentrate action' that
EXHIBITS DO. GREAT GOOD.
J. A. Filcher of the State Board of
Trade advocated advertising In all its
branches. :He said he had always expe
rienced, difficulty In getting the people of
the • interior j to furnish him with copious
data regarding the resources of their sec
tions. ! He.'thought the formation of a bu
reau would accomplish great good for the
State.
At'the close of Green's address Chair
man Ne*whall suggested' that it would be
advisable to arrange for a meeting In the
near future In .which all the counties In
the vicinity of San Francisco would be
represented.- It was decided to carry out
the suggestion at an early date.
W. S. : Green of Coulsa opened the dis
cussion with a report on the work the
..northern counties had In contemplation.
He believed that a permanent exhibit oC
California products at Ogden would be
of imense benefit to the State! and he
recommended that such exhibit be made.
He suggested that similar exhibits shouki
be placed at Sacramento and Los An
geles for the benefit of tourists. These
exhibits should be in charge of widely
known men, whose experience would in
sure complete success. The advertising
of our resources by means of periodicals
and in other literature at these exhibits
was advocated. The suggestion was also
made that every business man of Califor
nia should visit the northern and central
counties of. the State In order, to famil
iarize himself with their magnificent re
sources. • .
home builders, not speculators, would be
sought for by the organization. ..
Leading Citizens From Rich Valleys Tributary to Metropolis Meet
With Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco and Take Steps
Toward Forming Organization to Promote Interests of All.
A matter of complaint of the delegates
•was the fhinment of horses, mules and
provisions from the United States for the
British forces in South Africa. Secretary
Hay went over this subject very carefully
with them, citing authorities and pre
cedents which ho pointed out conclusive
ly established the lack of authority on
the part of the general Government to
stop the American farmer from shipping
his provisions and the stock raiser from
soiling his produce anywhere in the world
whore they could get the best price. He
also pointed out that the Government's
attitude in this, as in other matters con
nected with the South African war, had
The Secretary of State heard them at
tentively and promised to consider their
representations and to do whatever he
«^ouid to ameliorate the conditions in
Somh Africa. But he pointed out that the
President was the prime authority in such
matters and he recommended that the
Jioers see Roosevelt and ascertain his
views.
The principal object of the delegates
was to induce the United States Govern
ment to do something to terminate the
present bloody struggle in South Africa.
They were not very specific as to what
they wanted and would be
satisfied with any action from interfer
ence direct to a simple tender of good
offices on the part of the United States.
opived as private citizens and not in an
official capacity. Secretary Hay talked
freely to them with this understanding.
It was a sort. of a mole growth over the
right eyelid and when the eye was turned
downward It had the appearance of be
ing a drooping eyelid.' Those who had
business dealings with. Bennett have ad
mitted this detail of the description given
the police, and this more than anything
else leads the . police to believe that they
are hunting down the right man.
The man who gave the information to
the police gives a better description .of
Bennett than any that r has been given
since the body-of. hla girlish victim was
found in the flat- on .¦ Sutter street. Hs
says that Bennett^did not have a cast in
his eye.
Detective Archie Hamlll .was detailed
to run down the important , clew and he
succeeded admirably ; wejl. •. This line of
investigation developed additional bits of
positive information as to the identity of
the man of mystery. The "-. evidence un
earthed by the police was of such a
startling nature .that Chief Wittman de
tailed Captain Seymour to conduct per
sonally, the search for the man who is
known only to them as John Bennett, but
about whose identity as an individual
much more is known..
The business man and Bennett struck
up a conversation, and as it was quite
near dinner time they repaired to the
Popular Restaurant, where Bennett told
the business man that he was a printer
and advertising man and that he was
getting up a paper for the Liquor Deal
ers' Association. He showed the business
man the form sheets of the paper ani
stated that it would be ready for publica
tion in a short time. After that the busi
ness man ate at the same table with Ben
nett a number of times.
whom he had seen often at the Popular
Restaurant, turned and remarked: "They
can't do that; the liquor dealers are in
favor of the slot machines and they'll
fight the proposition."
An incendiary has been plying his voca
tion in San Rafael for some time, and
only recently, several disastrous fires have
been narrowly averted by timely discov
ery and prompt action. The incendiary
not only attacked dwellings, but business
houses and stores have suffered as well.
To-night, however, for the first time,
there has been loss of life. The citizens
are thoroughly aroused and 2 stringent
measures will be adopted to ferret out
and punish the culprit.
One of the neighbors of Mrs. Walsh
said late to-night that just after the alarm
was turned in he though he heard a
woman calling for help in the direction of
the house.
NEIGHBOR HEARS CRIES.
Mrs. Mary Walsh was one of the most
respected laUies in the community : in
which she lived. She was about 60 years
old. To-night her body is in charge of
the Coroner and an inquest will be held
to-morrow morning.
After a time the flames were subdued
sufficiently to permit the men to gain,
entrance by a. rear door. ; When, they had
effected^an-- en trance a^hor rible> sisrht met
their gaze. Mrs.' Walsh t s\'bbdy,v partially
I dressed, lay near the door. She had been
badly burned, but it is presumed that in
trying to escape, by the rear door she was
overcome by the heat and smoke and fell
exhausted before she could unlock the
door. The prompt action of the firemen
in getting water on the building had
saved the^'body from being charred be
yond recognition.
FIND BODY NEAR A DOOR.
The alarm of fire was turned In at 11:30
o'clock and the department reached the
scene- of the blaze promptly. The -fire
men found that the building, a frame
structure, was beyond saving. Although
the heat was intense several men entered
the house by a window in search of Mrs.
Walsh, who had been reported missing
by the person who first discovered the
blaze. The searchers reached her be<\
rocra, but she was not there. The bed
iiad been occupied, however, and 'at its
side some wearing apparel was found on
a chair. The volume of smoke made it
impossible for the .rescuers i to proceed
farther and^hey had to seek safety for
themselves.
SAN RAFAEL, March 5.-San Rafael's
fire fiend was abroad again to-night, and
murder has been added to his record of
Incendiarism. His victim was Mrs. Mary
Walsh, an aged widowi who ¦ lived alone
In her dwelling at .320 Trainer street.
After flames undoubtedly started by the
firebug had consumed the- structure her
charred body was found near a door,
which she had vainly attempted to reach
before she was overcome by smoke.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Overcome by Smoke
Before Reaching
an Exit.
Aged Mrs. Walsh Per=
ishes in Burning
San Rafael Incendiary
Adds Murder to
His Crimes.
A WFUL
DEED OF
FIREBUG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
\V., WASHINGTON, March 5.—Republi
can leaders in the S«nate have yielded
to the strong pressure/behind the bill pro
viding for the repeal of the war revenue
tax, and have concluded to make a favor
able report on the measure without
further delay.' Senator Aldrich, chairman
of the finance committee having the bi:l
in charge, informed a few of his per-
Eonal friends to-day that the committee
¦would probably report the bill to the Sen
ate next week.- It was the original inten
tion of party leaders to hold tne war tax
repeal back until the closing hour3 of the
session and allow the proposed reduction
in revenues to be influenced by the
amount of expenditures by the present
Congress. Senator Aldrich, in discussing
the subject to-day, said:
The regular business of the session Is pro
gressing so satisiucionly ihut 1 see uo reason
for delaying early action on the war revenue
bill. The committee ha3 had the subject under
consideration and has practically agreed to re
port the bill back to the Senate substantially
as' It came from the huuse.
There are a number of verbal amendments,
but the salient features of the bill remain the
same. . The committee's decision was largely
nu.utncea uy WIMtt wcuu u> u.- u un. verso, a*
mand for the repeal of the . war tax. Thera
is practically no opposition to its repeal except
from those who believe in collecting all the
revenue possible so the public expenditures may
be increased accordingly.
Liberal appropriations are very desirable un
der certain conditions, but an overfilled purse
sometimes ; offers temptations to become - ex
travagant. We will have a substantial sur
plus In the Treasury even after we meet every
reasonable demand made at the present session,
and under the circumstances it Is- deemed wise
and fxnedi<»r>r. ro abol'sn the^var lajc. In ac
cordance with the promise made the people at
the time It was imposed.
This Changes Plan of Hold
ing Back Until Close
i^<- of Session/
Senators Decide to Make
Favorable Report on
Measure.
WILL NOT DELAY
WAR TAX REPEAL
% ? - % ' > '" .... ¦ . ' ' .- ' -' : ' ¦ ¦ -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAX.X., THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 19UZ.
'^'¦OFFICERS': 6p, : >UNITY LODGE, INDEPENDENT ORDER B'NAI B'RITH,
. •¦'?' WHO WILL ASSIST IN THE PREPARATIONS FOR THE CELEBRA
:'\ TION OF THE SILVER JUBILEE OF THE FRATERNITY.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Eromo-Qulnlne Tablets All
drvprnists refund the money If It falls to cure
fi. \V. Grove's signature is on ear.h bnr '2r. n '
¦ COLUMBUS, Ohio, March B.— Safe-blower 1 )
early to-day dynamited the postoffice safe. at
\Vcstervllle and made away with $1200 worth
of ' btamps and several hundred dollars In
-»»i. tin rlna.
Cheap Hates to California.
• Every day 'luring March and April the Santa
Fo will sell one way tickets from Boston, New.
York, Philadelphia, Washington, PlttsburfcV
Cincinnati, Builalo, Chicago, Kansas City, bi..
Louis and all other point* In the Kast at the
lowest rates ever made ono way to, the Pacific
Coast. It you have friends to come put your
money In the hands ol any Santa . Fe . Agent,
¦who will arrange for the trip. .
EXCITEMENT, OVER GOLD
STRIKE VnOT ABATED
Asoays Show Elchness of Ledge Dis
covered in the Patagonia
District;
TUCSON, Ariz"., March 5.— Great ex
citement continues at'. Patagonia, where
the Dip gold strike was made on Satur
day. Three assays were made to-day,
showing gold values of $1500, $3000 and $8000.
All of. the ground, for a mile. and a half
has been located.
Dines With ( Mr. Boose velt.
STANFORD .' UNIVERSITY, March - 5.—
President' Jordan returned to' the unlver
slty^ to-day after an absence" of
weeks in the East. * While iir Washington
Dr. Jordan visited the White House, din
injr with President Roosevelt, v/ho la an
old friend of his. ¦-.
; BELGRADE, Servla, March 5.— An ex
traordinary attempt to start a revolution
was made this morning at the frontier
town of Shabab by a raid tinder the lead
ership of Avalantics, a relative of Prince
Karageorgevich, the pretender to the Ser
vian throne. The only result was that
'Avalantics iwaB killed and his adherents
were arrested. £,*i«>>
Alavantlcs, with a handful of followers,
arrived at Shabab from Mltrowlcz, wear
ing the uniform of a general In the Ser
vian army,' and called to * the frontier
guard to follow him.. The latter, not sus
pecting that anything was wrong, accom
panied tho general- to the town hall,
where Alavanttes ordered tho men of th3
lire department to Join him..'
.This motley procession proceeded to
the gendarmerie barracks, where Avalan
tlcs paraded the Bcndarmes. Two of the
latter, however, whose suspicions were
aroused, escaped and apprised their com
mander, Captain Nlkollcs. The latter,
when he arrived on the scene, called on
Alavantlcs to produce some document as
authority for* his actions, whereupon tho
would-be revolutionist leader fired a re
volver .at Captain Nikolics, slightly
wounding him. t —
Nikolics promptly uhot and killed Ala
vantlcs, whoso' followers wcro then ar
rested.
WASHINGTON, March 5.— Governor
Taft was before the Senate Committee on
Immigration to-day and gave his views
on the subject of Chinese immigration to
the Philippines. He said the general con
viction of the commission was that Chi
nese ought not to be allowed to enter the
islands. He said .there were 50,000 Chi
nese in Manila,, and' his Judgment was
that there were not more than 150,000 in
the whole archipelago.
Governor Taft said the Filipino-Chinese
halfbreeds should not be kept out of the
United States, "because they are Filipinos
pure and simple." '
The best way for Congress to meet this
problem, said Governor Taft, is to estab
lish its policy with respect to the United
States and tnen treat tho Philippine IhI
ands, bo far as the Introduction of Chi
nese into the United States is concerned,
as if it were a foreign country, and then
to give the commission or tho legislative
body In the islands some power and au
thority in Its discretion to admit skilled
labor.
Representative Kahn of California, who
Introduced the Chinese exclusion bill tn
the House, hns received a dispatch from
Canada, saying the special commission 3t
the Dominion has Just submitted its re
port and It takes a position against Chi
nese Immigration airnllur to that taken
by those favorable to rigid exclusion in
the United States. '.¦':.
The Canadian Commission recommends
a treaty which will permit strict exclu
sion and in the meantime a $500 per head
tax on Chinese entering Canada. As
many Chinese come to the United States
by way of Canada, Kahn regards the
action' of the Canadian Commission as
having an Important bearing on the ex
clusion situation in the United States.
Philippine Governor Says
They Should Be ,,
. Excluded.;:'"-.- 1 ;-
Relative of Servian Pre
¦ tender Attempts* ¦-
' Revolution.
L. Wand, O. I. Wise, M. A. Cohl, I. Nordman,
H. Frohman, II. Goodman, C. S. Harris, J. D.
Committee of arrangements— H Enkle (chair
man). ?J;CaImann (secretary). A.' W. Voorsan-
Bcr, I.iCphnrelch, Ma* Popper, S. Myrson, V.
Cohan.' 1 '
The following programme of toasts and
musical, numbers will be rendered:
Address of welcome. President A. W. Voor
sanger; toastmaster, Max Popper: "The Gran'l
President," Marcus Rosenthal; "Unity Lodge,"
TIMELY BULLET
ENDS THE RAID
Rev. Jacob NIeto; "Our Country," Rev.- Jacob
Voorsanger; "California," r.. S. Hlrschbergr.
past erand president; • "The Future of the
Order," Grand Orator Rev. M. S. Levy; "The
Ladles," Lucius L. Solomons, past grand presi
dent. Musical programme — Alto solo. Miss Ella
McCloskey; quartet from "Rlgoletto," Miss M.
Flynn, soprano; Miss K. McCloskey, alto; O.
Lltnau. tenor; B. Mills, basso; barytone solo,
"Thfe Two Grenadiers," D. S. Davies; soprano
solo. MIbs Millie Flynn: quartet from "Mar
tha,". Miss M. Flynn, Miss E. McCloskey, O,
Llenau, B. Mills; H. Brethrlc, accompanist.
German Tariff Changes.
BERLIN. March 5.— The Tariff Commit
tee of the Reichstag to-day fixed the duty
cf cleaned and uncleancd rice at 4 marks.
The Government- bill proposed a duty of
C marks on cleaned rice. The duty on lin
eeed oil was Ilxed at 4 marks and the duty
on linseed and hempseed was fixed at 75
pfennigs.
¦s
UNITY Lodge No. 273, Independent
Order B'nal B'rith, willcelebrate
its silver Jubilee next Tuesday
night with an elaborate banquet
at B'nal B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy
street. The hall will be beautifully dec
orated for the occasion and a fine musical
programme has been prepared for the en
joyment of the guests, who will number
400, including .ladies.
Unity Lodge No. 273 was Instituted Sun
day, March 11, 1S77, in B'nal B'rith Hall,
on Post street, above Kearny, then known
as the Fratinger building. Grand Presi
dent H. Lowenberg being the installing
officer. The number of charter members
was sixty-eight and the present member
ship is 213. It has, since Its establishment,
disbursed in contributions to the endow
ment fund, $102,999 25; sick benefits and
nurse hire, $18,036 15; donations, $3476 35;
funeral expenses, $3554 35. •
The lodge has since its Inception taken '
the lead among Its sister lodges. Four
of Its members have; reached the chair
in the Grand Lodge^ — Solomon Zeklnd,
Joseph Rothschild, Herman Enkle and the;
Incumbent, Marcus Rosenthal. .-' > '
The following officers and committees
will have the celebration in charge:
President, A. W. Vooreangrer; vice president,
Julius Callman; monitor, Otto Irving' Wise; re
cording secretary, J. Klsasser; financial secre
tary, Louis Llpman; treasurer, t. Cohnrelch;
trustees — H. Enkle, Sol Zeklnd, Joseph Koth
echlld.
Reception committee — Joseph Rothschild
(chairman), J. D. Abrams, M. L. Asher, S. A.
Haphael, J. Elsasser, L. Llpman, M. Washauor,
Dr. 8. S. Kahn. Aaron Shaen. Sol Zekind, M.
J. rrankJln, Abe Lewis, S. Sondheimer, L. Ro
«"?n(!orn, C. S. Jacobs, Alfred Cohen, Ben
lilrsch, Sol J. Levy, J. H. Hlrschfeld, B. May
• rs. William Wolfe, II. B. Harris, J. Radaton,
TAFT OPPOSES
THE CHIMESE
the Ban Francisco Chamber of Commerce
Khali appoint a committee to arrange for
a thorough canvas* of the business men
of 6an Francisco, to be started by a mas><
mepilnir for the, purpose of securing from
«*ach cillacn interested in the welfare of
San Francisco a pledge to pay a certain
•um every month for two years toward
the furtherance of the project, each sub
scriber to have a voting volcu In the af
fairs of th« association. . .
The resolutions suggest the maintenance
ft f-xhlblt headquarters In Ban Francisco,
wherein exhibits from rorthcrn and cen
tral sections of the State may be dis
played: the engagement of men for the pur
pose of meeting passengers on west-bound
trains, learning their wishes and direct-
Ing them accordingly; the maintenance of
auxiliary offices in l^os Angeles and Port
land and such other places as may be
found advisable: the advertisement In
magazines and newspapers of the advan
tages of the various sections interested;
the maintenance of exhibits at important
raiKvay junctions; the fostering of legis
lation beneficial to the State and the
lighting of that which is not, and the aid
ing- in every way plans for maintaining
water and forest supplies; building of
reservoirs and the extenson of irrigation
systems.
The resolutions were referred to the
Chamber of Commerce, the chair an
nouncing that they would be given care
. ful consideration by that body. Nothing
further appearing, the meeting adjourned;
the understanding Toeing that when the
Chamber of Commerce has carefully
mapped out a programme a general meet-
Ing, in which all the nirthern and cen
tral counties will have representation,
will be called. •
Continued From Page One
COMMEiiCIM. BODIES,
MARION, Ala., March 5.— ...n organized
mob of negroes is marching toward this
town with the intention of attacking the
County Jail and releasing two negro mur
derers, cne of whom is Luke Sanders, un
der sentence to be hanged to-morrow"."
Citizen soldiery is being organized and
at 9 o'clock iifty men were under arms
rea<ly to meet the inarching negroes.
Pickets have been thrown out on every
load ieading to the town and if a mob
appears a serious conflict, is feared. Early
In the night leading citizens held a con
ference and it was decided not to ask the
Governor for aid, as they believed it to
be the duty of the people to enforce law
and order.
When the reports were first received lit
tle credence was placed in them. Several
hours later couriers reported that real
danger existed and the citizens' posse was
immediately organized.
Luke Sanders and John Sanders, the
prisoners, are charged with the murder of
Road Overseer Melvin seven months
ago. Luke Sanders was sentenced to be
hanged and the Supreme Court refused a
new hearing, but recommended commu
tation x of sentence. . The matter was sent
io the State Pardon Commission and on
their recommendation the Governor re
fused to interfere. When the news of this
action reached Marion the negroes of
Perry County were incensed ami decided
to organize and release both men.
Perry County Is one of the black belt
counties and a large majority of the popu
lation is composed of negroes.
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. March 5.— Prince
Henry of Prussia traveled from Chicago
to Niagara Falls to-day, crossed the Can-'
udian frontier for a brief stay, during
which he was officially welcomed by. the
Dominion, and resumed his journey to*
night, bound for Boston over the New
York Central line.
His longest stop was at Niagara Falls,
which he saw bridged in with ice.' He
viewed the Horseshoe Falls . from Table
Rock, the American Falls from the ledgt
over the whirlpool on the Canadian shore,
rodj2 down the gorge to a point below thb
lower . whirlpool and there inspected the
plant of the Niagara Power Company,
which converts the forces of nature • to
i the purposes of commerce. He was much.
j impressed by the falls .and as he stood
! on Table Rock, looking across at flw
j Horseshoe, he said: "It is magnificent; it
j is grand." . ;->¦>':
: He was much Impressed also by the
swirling rapids down in the gorge and
when he left his car at the whirlpool ho
stood for several minutes watching the
j tumbling of the waters.
i The special train had traversed the dis
tance between Milwaukee and Chicago.
: crossed Indiana and was well on its way
! over Ohio before Prince Henry arose. He
I was worn out when he left Milwaukee and
did not respond to demonstrations by the
people of Toledo or Sandusky. He did not
receive notice of the intention of the cit
izens of Toledo to formally receive him
nnd when he did it was too late to get up,
fj Toledo did not see him.
At Cleveland there was a friendly dem
onstration. At Erie there was a great
crowd. Women and children were wedged
in against the train and the effort to
check the (twirling crowd was useless.
Kevcral women futnted. Mm. Harriet
Urldley and Miss Gridley, widow and
daughter of Captain C. V. Gridley of the
, Olympla, wero received In the train by Ad
miral Evans, who presented tlion to the
j 1'rlnce. •,,; ¦
I Crowds at All Stations.
All through the morning, as the train
, ran through a corner of Pennsylvania and
I out Into the State of New York there
, were crowds at the stations anxious to
j see the Prince and tender assurances of
; friendship. At Buffalo Mayor Knight
i welcomed the Prince and the local. Oer
i man ringing sang. It was 2:io
'¦¦ o'clock when the special arrived at Buf
falo and fifteen minutes later It was
! steaming out to Niagara Falls. At Ni
•¦ agara Falls station the Prince was met
j by Mayor Butler and a large reception
! committee and formally bidden to the
. city.
.When Mayor Butler concluded Dr. Wll
1 Ham Snyder spoke In behalf of the Ger
| mans of the city. The Prince did not
• make a speech in response, but thanked
j them both for their greeting. The Prince
! was .then driven to the Canadian side,
accompanied by a mounted escort. Mid
i way on the bridge which spans the rapids
i the Prince was met by the man who spoke
' for the Canadian Government and people.
I Major; F. S.- Maude, military secretary for
! Lord MJnto, Governor General of Can
; ada, presented the formal greeting of his
: chief, and R. Harcourt, Minister of Edu
¦ cation for Ontario, delivered! the address
passed by the Legislature of Ontario.
: The latter- was worded as follows.
If It may please Your Royal Highness, we.
the Legislative Assembly of the Province of i
Ontario, in Parliament assembled,- -b«£ leave '
i to approacn Your Koyal Highness for tne pur- ¦
pose of presenting to you the congratulations
of the Legislative Assembly on the occasion ot I
your vieii to this province. • •
We ball with Joy the presence on our soil of
so distinguished a descendant of our late be
loved Queen and we assure Your Hoyal High
ness that in no part of the British Empire are
the cordial relations which exist beiwt.cn tin?
various branches of the Teutonic races regard
ed with more satisfaction than they are la
Canada.
Welcome of Cazuidicno.
We have in this province many thousands of
citizens who regard with praieeworthy affec-'
tion the German Empire as their fatherland,
and we have pleasure in assuring Your Iioyal
'. Highness that they exemplify in this compara
tively new country those virtues of frugality,
industry and respect for law and order which
": are characteristic of the race to which they
; belong. As Canadians, irrespective of na- '.
i tlonality. Your Royal Highness will be pleased
to know that we rejoice in in..- pleaeuiu ul j...ur
leadership in science and research; that we ap
preciate those elements of national character to
which the German Empire owes In a large
measure its material prosperity ..and we are
glad to believe that the Influence of the em
pire in the counc.l of me nui.ion» tuuus u> L.»e
advancement of the highest civilization and th -
liberty of the human raca. • •» ' : '
We regret that Your Royal. Highness' offi
cial programme will- not allow you. to make an
extended tour of this country. We trust, how
ever., that another occasion m'ay'be found for
becoming acquainted with the;.'- natural re-"
sources and, political institution? of a country
to which we will be glad to welcome your fel
low subjects who for any reason may wish to
make Canada their future homa. /
Karl Mueller presented an address In
behalf of the municipality of Berlin, On
tario, and F. Bopp, German Consul at
Montreal; Samuel Nordheimer, German
Consul at Toronto, and W. Hespeler, Ger
man Consul at Winnipeg, were intro
duced. The Prince thanked the Canadians
for their cordiality, and leaving his
American military escort behind was
driven to the Canadian tilde. After his
carriage turned up toward the falls Mayor
Butler, who, with Admiral Evans, was
driving with him, said to him: \
"There at the gallery is the best view
of the American falls, but on account of
snow you cannot get to It" .
"You may not be able to climb across
there, but I am going to," said the
Prince.
Climb in a Snowdrift.
Suiting the action to the 'word the
Prince Jumpoil out of the carriage and
climbed through the snow drift to the
gallery on the ledge over the rapids,
where he showed the way. After viewing
the American falls the Prince was driven
to Table Rock, where he again dismount
ed. The Horeshoo Falls was clear of ice,
nnd he got an • excellent view of them.
There v/as a largo space of clear water
below the falls, but midway to the first
bridge the Ice was still Intact and llrm
The Prince was driven back to the town
of Niagara Falls and there transferred to
a special eloctrlc car for the trip down
the gorge. He left the car at the Whirl
pool Rapids and with hl3 suite walked
down to the bank. In returning to Nia
gara he was taken to the power-house of
the Niagara Power Company and with W.
B. RafiKln, vice president of the plant, as
hla guide, he made a tour, of the place
and asked a number of questions about
the amount of power generated, the
means userTandthe manner and distance
of the transmission. ¦ '
As the party was leaving the power
house. Admiral Evans felt something tu<r
iring at his coat. He turned to find the
hand of a youthful looking: pickpocket In
one of his pockets. As the admiral shook
him off he coolly ¦ said: • "Young man
you'll, find my, purse In another pocket"
The admiral did not delay long enough to
turn tho youth over to the police. At fi
o'clock. the Prince was back and aboard
his train. Fifteen minutes later It de
parted for Boston, brief stops at Roches
ter and Syracuse being scheduled.
Attack on County Jail Is Planned in
Order to Liberate thi
Slayers of a Road
Overseer.
Hcyal Visitor Spends a Brief Time
Hear the Whirlpool Rapids and
Then Hurries Oft to
Whites Organize to Resist'
and Serious Clash Is
Feared.
Representatives -of the. Do
minion Give a Warm
Greeting. •
Kaiser's Brother Marvels
at the "Wonders of
Niagara.
' : — - <-r: --.-¦-
Mob of Negroes March
ing to Free Two
Murderers.
RACE WAR
IS BREWING
IN ALABAMA
FALLS ROAR
WELCOME TO
THE PRINCE
Organization Will Honor Twenty-Fifth. Anniversary by Banquet in
B. B. Hall, to, Wtijeh Four Hundred Guests Have Been Invited.
Men Prominent in. Affairs of Community to Respond to Toasts
UNITY LODGE, I. O. B. B.
TO CELEBRATE ITS SILVER JUBILEE
2
ADVERTISEiytENTS.
BIG PIAN0~~
SHIPMENTS
Sevan Carloads cf Pianosr Hau Baen Un-
loaded and Delivered to Our Store During
the Last Three Days and More on the Way!
The Pinest Lot of Instruments Ever
- Assembled Under One Roof.
JUST COME TO SEE.
"What are we going to do with them?
"Why. they are for sale, of course, and
we are going to sell them, too. They ara
all beautiful instruments; every one is the
finest creation of the piano-makers' art.
And we invite you to call and see them.
We head the long list of pianos which
we carry with the
NE\A/ SCALE
KIMBALL
PIANOS.
INDORSED BY THE WHOLE WORLD. "-
FIRST INDORSEMENT-
By the leading dealers throughout the
United States, by large orders and
large sales, as no other piano -was ever
indorsed in the history of the world.
SECOND INDORSEMENT—
By the whole musical profession and
leading artists, such as Patti, Tamag-
no, Del Puente. Arditi. Nordica, Lieb-
linj?, Galassi, Kunkel, and hundreds of
• others.
THIRD INDORSEMENT—
By the International jury of tho
World's Columbian Exposition at Chi-
cago, in unanimously awarding a first-
class medal and diploma, highest
honors, to the Kimball Piano.
FOURTH INDORSEMENT—
By over 80,000 Tiappy purchasers who
enthusiastically testify to the excel-
lence of the Kimball Piano.
We have a full line of these beautiful
pianos on our floor and will gladly show
i them, .at any time, whether you intend
I buying or not. ' .
POMMEMILERS MUSIC CO.
653 MARKET STREET, Wear Third.
OCEAN TRAVEL. •
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
TL • Steamers leave Broadway
ES^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
D»32g*fc> For Ketchlkan, Junean.
SS?«Wllk_. Ekagwav, «tc, Alaska — 11
6* 1 T>Sre75'l a. m., March 2. 7. 12. 17. 23.
B«\»rf- VV) 27, April 1. Changs to com.
E8CSr^»*?y3 pany'g steamers at Seattle
f**£ES3it~2*\ For Victoria. Vancouver.
" Fort' Townaend. Seattle.
Tacoma, Kverett. N«w
Wnateom— 11 ~». to.. March 2. T. 12. IT. 23. 2T.
April Tl. Chan*. « Beattl. to thl. «mpw;
•teamer* for Alaika and O. N. Uy.: *t 8«*ttl«
2r Tacoma to N. f.^Uy.; at Vancouver to C.
F 'V%r ' Eureka (Hum'boMt Hay)— 1:30 p. o.,
March 8 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. April 2. „_
For Bin Diego, stopping only at 8ant* D*r-
bara. Port Lo- An«eU» and Uedondo lLo« An-
(r«l««)_ Spokane. Bundaya. 0 a. m., State ot
California, Wednwlay*. 0 a. m.
For Lot Amttlei. calling at Banta Cru». Mon-
terey. Han 8lro«on. Cayucoi, Port Karford (9aa
n^e.°r h .n^^
SBiSR m^Uch T. 13. S .31. Anrn 8.
Coc. Hay. 0 a. m., Mar. 8. 11. IS). 27, Apr. 4.
For EnMnada, Magdalena nay. Han Jo«<t d«t
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La V.ix. Snnta tlota-
lla and Ouaymas (Me*.)— 10 a. m.. 7th ot taeb
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamer* or aaiU
I> TICK'i!T OTFTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALJU PKRKIN3 ft CO.. Oen. Agent*,
10 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
/Ji-— FOR
SENATOR XCNTB 1
BTATE OB* CALIFORNIA JUNE T
Staamshlpe CITY OF PUEBLA and XJCEEN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and Mar 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
steamships Senator and State of California
made regular trlp3 to Nome last year, lana-
Iwc all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger ratea apply
'Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery st. (Palace
Hotel). •
GOOD ALL. PERKINS ft CO.. GenL Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A Delightful Winter Trip.
Only (60. including meals and berth, for th«
round trio, on board tba Pacific Coast 8. d.
Co.'s tteamer CURACAO, leaving SAIT FRAN-
CISCO MARCH 7th and APRIL 7th. due bac*
27th of each month, calling a,t the following
Mexican oorts: ENSENADA. MAGDALENa
BAY. SAN JOSE DEI. CABO. MAZATLAN. ,
ALTATA. LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA ao4 JL.
GUAYMAS. P
For $20 additional excursionists can return '
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street, or 10 Market street. Saa
Francisco. , .
O. R* & N. CO.
Only Stoamnhlp Xjtrxo to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through TScIcot* to all
point«,nl! rait or steamship and rail, a:
.'¦ i LOWEST X«_*VT:E3:3.
STEAHEB TICKETS INCLUDE BESTS tai MSAL3.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 4, It. 24. April 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 27; Mar. 9. 19, 29, April S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Oen. Agt.. 1 Mong*y. S.K.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brtnnan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received' on board on day ot
sailing. t
S3. AMERICA MARU **
Friday. March 21st. 1902
83. HONGKONG MARU
.Tuesday. April 15th, 1303 »
83. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. May »th, lDO^A
Round-trip ticketi at reduced rates. For^V
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. il. AVERY. General Agent.
PANAMA R.R, 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103; Steerage. $10; 'Meals Fre«.
6. 6. Argyll ••>''»• Monday, Mar. 17
6. 6. Leelannw tails Monday, Mar. 24
6. 6. Argyll aallsi Tuesday, April 29
x From Howard-street whart at 2 p. m.
Frelcht and Passenger Office, 830 Market it.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRAN3-ALASXA COMPANT.
Crocker building.
. Operating stag* lines betweea IUamna Bay
and above points.
BAY AlfD RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. KAVf YAB3 AND VALLEJ3
Eteamwi GEN. FRISBl 3 or MONTICELD ; . ,
U:43 a. m.. 8:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun- ,V_
day. Sunday, 0:43 a. m.. 8:U0 p. m. Leaves y*"
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, tt p. m.. excep:
Eunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main lfiOy. Landing and
office, pier 2. ilJision-jtrtet 4ocib HATCH
BOOS.
APVEBTISSMEXTS.
Saved a Beaaf y's Ejfe-c
fs'iss Jenkins of Iowa, Whoc^j
Sight Was Destroyed by
Inflammation of the Eye,
Now Sees. Dr. Cof-
fee's Triumph.
In Dr. W.. '6, 'Coffee's new PO-care boot.
TteAcw Si-stem or Treatlne Diseases of
the Eyo." ho has illustrated bow bo cured
hundreds «f Wind people. The Ixvjk is free
and contains a history of Dr. Coffee's cele-
brated cases and cures witli illustrations In
colors. Write for the book today. Miss Jen-
kins' story is below. . ¦ .
MISS MAB JESKISS.
II«*r fstory.
*7 soffered for five jcar« with the most
terrible Inflammation of the eyes that could
puMslbly. ba An the rcnult thU inflam-
•tlon and strong treatment that the doctors
¦rave me, left Bcums, eianulated lids, and
near* all OTer my sUrbt. When I was nine
years old, I took what the doctors called
scrofulous soro eyes, which wero ttomcUurs
better a:id then worse, until I was fourteen
yt-am old: then they trot worso rapidly and
In a few months ulcers came on my eytw.and
and I cot m> bad I could not nm-n them or
mand ibe light at all. Buffering treat pain
and Inflammation. I went to an eye Infirm-
ary and wan tr«at«d and cot no better ; but
with every cold I would g<-t mime and have
ulcers and preat pains. Tho doctors treated
my eye* with caustic and nitrate of silver,
and It left a hr.ar on my right oye that rear,
and two years inter, witli -other attacks of
ulcers and more nitrate of Bllrcr. scam and
ecums commenced to crow on both eyes and
with every cold a new ulcer would come and
leave a little thicker «car. until aho-t a year
ago. when I wrote to I>r. Coffee of Des-Moincs.
Iowa. I had to be lnd about. I could not
ftMitoeo around. And had ben in that con-
dition for a year. My constitution had run
down and my health was very bad. blood
thin and watery. It took about six weeks
under Dr. Coffee's treatment to Improve my
eyes and Eight ?o that I could (ret around ;
but ever, sinc« then my ryes have steadily
improved and the ulcors barn quit cominp.
the scar* bave absorbed, and my si;:ht is
almost as i>er!«v*.t as It ever was."
Ths Absorption Treatment is Local and
. twist Hutlonal and cures AT
S HOME, at email expense and
fl \ 'withoutoperatSons.inflammed
j\ ;s» )&. 1 «yc% catara<n.s. (any ttare)
13 I srranulated lids, weak or wat-
M *£r*l ' «J"y eyes, wild hairs, blind- '
/ gy ness— complete paralysis of
op 1 >c nerve executed— 1 n -
*tjw*v!il/\V > curable cases not taken.
*p3f7 Y Write for the free book for
NTV^ yourself or a friend today. . It
mar mean BhJht for a sufferer.
DB. VV. 0. COFFEE, 820 Good Block. Det Koines, la,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"It Suits Me"
are ths threo words that follow ,
tho firit quaff of
Hunter
Whiskey
Its perfection of quality is what
struck the taste, appreciation
and approbation of the Ameri-
can people |
First Called
and
First Recalled
CHRISTY & WISE COHSTISSION CO- In<fc.
t234 225 Call f ornia St., ten Francisco .Call?.
Telephone Main t73.
a Expert opticians to serve l|
Factory, on premises, e
W& Oneofthefewplaces'where g
H; proper attention is given to 1
«ra| the fitting of glasses. . 1
W 6 42^M^ket StjQ
-•OCEAN TRAVEL.} - I '!
Jiamburg"/tmencan.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
A. Victoria Apr. 10IF. Bismarck.... May 1
Deu t schland ... Apr. 17 ' Columbia ...... May 8
TWIN- CR£VV PA S<-NG~R -ERV1CB.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Pretoria Mar. loiMoltke ilar. 2f>
Patricia ......Apr.. 5'WaIdersee Apr. 12
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOO-& CO., Gea Agt>. tor Pac. Coast,
' , ¦ 401 California tt.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vaporas*
To Valparaiso. . itopplm at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 8, pier 10, 12 m.
PALGNA ...March 12 TUCAPEL .... - ,
8ANTIAOO.. March 2S GUATEMALA
These Bteumora are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acupulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. 310 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHIUE ft CO, Oen. AgenU.
oceanics.s.co.ss^
SS. ALA M EDA, for Honolulu .
. ¦¦.; Saturday. March 8, 2 p m
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. 8amoa. Auck.
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. March 20, io a m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Saturday, March 29, 10 a.* m.
J. O.SP&CKLS & BIOS. CO., Bsa«ra. Aunts. 327 llarksi »
eao'l Paaenatr Oito. 643 Hartat St. piar la. 7. jfi& g
COMPAGJfIS GZHZBaL? TEAN5ATLANT1QUJ
DIRECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Balling every Thursday, Instead oC J*Ffctfs
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. -^Mgrfl
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. «15 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAl£
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson ¦ building) w»w
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific i*Coajt
AgenU, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franciscou
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket AgentaT*
KV.W YORK— SOUTHAMPTON LONDOV
St. Paul. Mar. 12.10 > ! .ir.iPhtladel.,Mar.2tf,loV n
St. Louls.Mar.10.10 amlst. Paul. Apr 2 10 an>
IVEID STAR X.XZVXI.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS
Vaderland. Mar.lXnoou Hiverford. Mar.20 noon
KenB'gton. Mar.ia.noo.iiKriealand, Apr. a. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO .
CIIAS. D. TAYLOR. 30 Montgomery St.
HBBEKMaMBBHSMBM^SnSHMMSHaMK^'
DB. PIEBCE'S . REMEDIES.
H IS STRONGER
Wi THAN HIS
si i ' ~ * 49
/£&&&, 0RMEYERS& CO.
/m^t\ j SPECIALISTS FO« *IU.
f $3 £31 IE V Established 1SSL Con-
' it T^r - mltatlon and privaU boa*
I NftL/sS&f'i lrM at offlce or b * m ** i «
\&&¥fc/ 731 MARKET Sr.., The names of .tho unfortunate Chinamen
are Yen Ah Fook, Lew Fook, Lee/Ching
Yee. Ah Shuch, Dung Koon, Yes ' Din,
Chlng Jung Sing and Sam Fung. They
eay the deportation is merely a ruse of
the canning company's , officials to have
them returned to. bondage In Siberia. •
When the decision of the Treasury De
partment in ;this ' case was announced
some days ago -the Six Companies held
a meeting, and being unable to locate the
contractor, decided . that Yea Sam,-' his
partner, should pay $3Q0 to each of . the
deported Chinamen for' the " neglect that
resulted In their deportation. Yea Sam
is ¦ therefore .confronted with ' the unpleas
ant dilemna of either "mingling. up? $4000
or laying himself liable to the' delicate
attentions' of the highbinders,: in such
cases? made and provided.
- .The Chinamen had evidently prepared
to make a most desperate resistance to
deportation and would K have ' preferred
death. They .told the Inspector they
would rather be killed on shore than go
to | sea, i but if they were forced on the
Peru they would jump overboard. The
llrst officer said they would not jump
overboard unless they took the starboard
stanchions with them.
parts in the .fight, had badly battered
heads and if aces.
Murder May Follow the Deportation.
They were taken aboard. the Peru and
turned over, to' the first officer, . who had
them chained/ to the stanchions on the
starboard side of the ship. Then the
ship's doctor started in to do a little plain
sewing on - them, and when the Peru
steamed away from the wharf he waa
still engaged in his task. The only white
man taking part in the" melee who needed
surgical aid was Inspector Campbell, who
had four stitches taken in a cut . on his
head. ' ' ¦' '->; : ' v ¦ - • - . s
'¦ BERLIN/ March "G."— Tho Oosman Crown
rrlnco, Frederick .William, started to-day
for the states of Alsace and .'Lorraine,
.whoro ho- will study the battlefields. 'Ha
is accompanied by military tutors and
professors, who will j explain . on tho spot
the strategy of the great Fronch-Prussiun
batticu. ; tiBsmiBAsBrammw
Prince Leaves for, Battlefields.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. March 6.— James
Parks, a miner, well known throughout
Arizona and at the time employed by the
Copper Queen Company,' on Monday night
shot and killed his wife and then put- a
bullet through his own head. They were
married •- about a year, ago, .Mrs. 'Ptrks
having been divorced from a . previous
husband. . Their marriage proved un
happy, owing to incompatibility of tem
perament. Both stood well in .the'com
munity and there was no hint of scandal
attach'lng to either. '
Mrs. Parks had refused to live with her
husband and went to Naco, .a. few miles
from Bisbeo, where she was .staying with
a niece., On Monday night, when Parks
quit work, -he engaged, a livery team,
drove-to Naco and unceremoniously en r
tercd a room where hls.wife and her niece
were seated and .asked her to return to
him. Sho refused, Baying she would
rnthor take- poison. , '"
. ¦ "You^wlll not have- to." ho retortoo";
Drawing a revolver, he Bhot her through
tho 'abddmen.'. Then, exclaiming, VI can
not live without her," he placed, the muz
zlo to his temple and. fired, dying instant
ly., Ills wlfo lingered until Tuesday morn
ing.' v,. •. - • ¦¦ ¦ ..¦'¦¦
of Incompatibility » bf Tem
perament.
Tragedy Follows a Separation Because
ARIZONA. MUTER KILLS
\:t '7*v HIS" "WIFE AND HIMSELF
flying missiles. Pots,, pans, hot water,
earthenware jars and everything else that
the wily Celestials could hold out from
the culinary utensils furnished them dur
ing their confinement fairly rained On the
invaders." Then the Chinamen resorted to
clubs, which they had fashioned out of
the .timber of their bunks, swinging them
with lusty vigor and desperate deter
mination. Inspector Campbell was
whacked on, the head 1 . and went down
groggy, -but was saved from going out
entirely by Officer. Mackey, who got I tho
decision over the assailing Chinama,n.
Nearly every one of the Inspectors bore
marks or bruises of the' conflict, : which
waged for several minutes in tho narrow
room. Gradually the Chinamen -were
forced along the hallway, and thrown
bodily down stairs, where they surren
dered. Five of them who 'took ieadihg
SCENE IN DETENTION;- SHEDS, WHERE EIGHT CHINAMEN RE
SISTED ATTEMPT OP CUSTOM OFFICERS TO PUT THEM ABOARD
SHIP, AND THREE OFFICIALS WHO TOOK PART IN THE AFFRAY.
WASHINGTON, March 5.— The Presi
dent has sent a cable message to Acting
Governor Wright at Manila, expressing
sympathy for Judge Ide of the Philippine
<ommission. who is ill at Yokohama, and
saving: that he must make his health the
first consideration in his plans for the
future. It is believed that Judge Ide will
be compelled to return to his home In
California to recuperate before' he will be
able to resume his duties in Manila.
President RegTets Ide's Illness.
SAX JOSE, March 5. — Arrangements ara
completed for labor's reception to Mayor
Schmitz on Friday evening in the Audi
torium. A band and reception committee
will meet the Mayor and party at the
station and escort them to the hall. After
the meeting- the Mayor will receive call
ers at the H^lel Vendome. One hundred
and fifty vice presidents have been naxned.
Maydr Schmitz will be accompanied by
Fire Commissioner J. S. Parry; Walter
Macarthur, editor of the" Coast Seamen's
Journal, and Powel Fredrick, recently
appolnted Justices' Court Clerk.
Labor's Reception to Schmitz.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March C—
Tom MeCauRhern, brother of J...C. Mo-
Caughern, varsity track enptain, was
unanimously elected cnptaln of tho fresh
man track tenm-nt a meetlnij\of tho '05"
athletes this afternoon. The captaln
clect is a sprinter, and promises tO'Klvo
Cadogan of .University of California' a
close race In, the 100 and. the 220 events.
Will Captain Stanford Freshmen.
There- remains but &¦ little more than
300 rnilns of.rond building to complete tho
Short Line to Lbs Angeles, and offlciuls
of thfl.road announce that tho work will
be completed -in twelve or not to exceed
fifteen months. From Los , AnRelcH. to
Salt Lako thp proponed route of tho Short
Line-will bo about 7C0 miles Ions, 'prlvlng?,
it.iB claimed; thfl Union-Southern Paclflo
combination. tho shortest lino from hero
to Chicago, the total being 2210 miles.*
LOS ANGELES, March 5.— In the past
few; days four crews of engineers began
Work just , east . of Los Angeles, making
preliminary surveys for the Oregon Short
Line Railroad. It 'Is, the' intention of. the
railroad company, as already announced,
that the new v road; shall enter this city
over the tracks of the Southern 1 Pacific,
building to a point on that line that has
not yet been selected. But v line's will .'be
run by the engineers through the inter
vening country to tho city, as well as
from several points on tho Southern Pa
cific line. Including Mojave and Banning,
to the present western end of tho Oregon
Short Lino.- „ ...
Will Be Completed to Los An
geles ina Tear. ,
Officials . Announce That the Road
SHORT LINE SURVEYORS
STAKING *OTJT A ROUTE
Deputy Surveyor of Customs St. John
yesterday morning ordered District Of
ficer A. M. Sharp to put the eight China
men aboard the Peru, which sailed for
China in the afternoon. Sharp notified
the Chinamen that they must get ready
to depart, but they protested. They told
him in seventeen different kinds of Chi
nese dialect that they would rather die
than go back to the land of their birth,
and said they would commit suicide first.
Sharp was? touched' by their love for
their adopted country but his orders were
peremptory, and finding that the Orien
tals were disposed to resl3t, he called to
gether a goodly company of stalwart
Custom Inspectors to aid him in taking
up the white man's burden.
Besides Sharp there were Inspectors
James Campbell, Henry Gallagher. Jqhn
McDonald, Sam Sackett, Victor Min
quist. W. J. \Holland, Lieutenant Durkin
and Police Onlcer Mackey. The company
moved in good order on the detentionr
room upstairs. They managed to get into
the room, an apartment about twel% r e feet
square, without losing a man, and Sharp
commanded the Chinamen .to' accompany
him. They refused and he grabbed hold
of one. This was the signal for the out
break. In a moment the air was full of
Inspectors Make a' Valiant Stand.
They arrived in San. Francisco Decem
ber 13 full of joyous anticipations of the
home-coming, but were refused permis
sion to land. The fact that they had
worked at a foreign port had put them
in the same status as an original emi
grant from China. Legal counsel was
employed, and the decision of the Col
lector was appealed from. The Treasury
Department sustained the Collector, and
the Chinamen were ordered deported.
who promised to attend to their identi
fication certificates. Before their return
to this port the contractor had gone to
China without making any arrangements
for the laborers to re-enter this country.
ELKHART, 111.. March 5.-Frank W.
Cottle. the bank cashier, whose alleged
shortage of $32,000 caused the closing of
the State Bank of Elkhart on Monday
last, committed suicide to-day at his home
in this city. Cottle had been confined to
his bed since last Saturday, when he was
stricken with pleurisy. He was attended
by his son, Jordan B. Cottle, and asked
the son to go for some water. While the
fon was out of the room the family was
startled by a pistol shot. Rushing into
the bedroom they found Cottle dead. He
Lad fired a bullet into his left temple.
Suicide of a Defaulter.
The America intended to winter at
Franz Josef Land and then proceed north
until Etopped by the ice, when the party
was to start toward the north pole. Bald
¦win hoped that the America would reach
&:; degrjees north.
COPENHAGEN. March 5.— Letters dat
ed from Franz Josef Lard August 17 have
been received here from the Danes who ac
corr.panied the Baldwir.-Zeigler Arctic ex
pedition. The vessels arrived at Franz
Josef Land, after . trying experiences,
¦"..ith all on board well.
tion Arrive Safely After a
Tempestuous^ Voyage.
Vessels of the Latest Arctic Expedi-
BALDWIN" SEI7DS NEWS
FROM FRANZ JOSEP LAND
PORT TOWNSEND, March 5^— After
having been buffeted about for twenty
tfay>, the German ship" Schiffbeck, from
Santa Rosalia, arrived this morning. Or.
I'V-bruary 11 the storm was furious, carry
ing Bwey a portion of her ringing and de
rnolishiiiK the furniture of the cabin.
Yoslerday morning, when abreast of Cape
Flattery, she sighted a derelict schooner.
The derelict is supposed to be the Laura
Pike.
Encounters Heavy Gales.
EL PASO, Tex.. March 5.—Superintend
ent D. M. Gregory, engaged In construct
ing a Plntsch gas plant here, committed
suicide by swallowing carbolic "acid.
Gregory's mother resides at Colorado
Springs, but he traveled from .place to
placa for the Pintsch Coinpany*and had
been h^re two months.
The suicide took place under peculiar
circumstances. After destroying all pri
vate letters and papers Gregory wandered
far up a lonely canyon in the Franklin
Mountains and at a secluded spot swal
lowed the poison. He had been missing
since Monday mornins and his body was
not discovered until this afternoon by a
goat herder. The remains were brought
from the rugged mountains with the ut
most difficulty.
His Life After Destroying All
His Papers.
DRINKS DEADLY ACID
IN A DREAEY CANYON
Gas Company Superintendent Ends
MARYSVILLE. March 5.— At Vernon, a
pmill place on the Feather River, the lit
tle gasoline launch Martha Jane was sunk
during the storm of Saturday night. This
launch had been plying the waters of the
Feather River between Sacramento and
i:ii£ city carrying a cargo cf merchan
dise. She nor.- lies at the bottom of the
Feather, laden with S00 sacks cf wheat
and a small quantity of mixed freight, all
<if which will be a total loss. Wtien the
water subsides it*-may«be that the boat
ran bf raised and. saved. The Martha
Jar.e wes sunk whUe moored to the Ver
ron landing.
Hiver Launch Is Sunk.
There were two stanchions of oak and
a long piece of teak wood rail, attached
to the latter being a part of a bulwark
ten feet long and two feet wide. Then
there was a cabin door, also of oak, witn
the panels half smashed out ana a large
board with screws still attached to what
had been the bottom of a saiior's chest.
The remnant of the bulwark was straight
With the rail and very heavy and
apparently had come trom about
amidships of the unlucky vessel.
From what direction the wreckage
fame is still a matter of doubt. There
is a strong current setting in along the
coast of Vancouver Isla-nd. across Queen
Ohariotte ¦ Sound and through Hecate
Ftraits which wou'.d carry timbers to
Sleepers Island. Ajrain, the Japanese cur
rent comes through Dixons Entrance, im
jnediaiely to the north, and the wreckage
could have come from the direction of
Ur.alaska. " ' . ¦ .
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 5.— The
eieamer Capilano of the Vancouver halibut
lishing fleet arrived to-day/ with news of
the finding of wreckage on the shore of
Ktcphfrhs Island. The wreckage indicates
tlisastcr to some sHip whose identity Is
tit present unknown. There is not a clew
on the pieces cf oak and teak that have
been washed up to show the name of the
vessel, but from the descriptions obtained
from his fishermen. Captain Dawe of the
Capilano is certain that the wreckage
<ame from a large sailing vessel and a
¦wooden ship.
Stephens Island, where the wreckage
was found, lies just off the mainland
coast, exactly opposite the northern end
of Queen Charlotte Island. The wreckage
was found on the side- of the mail chan
nel, eo It could not have come from any
coastwise steamer. The character of the
floating woodwork indicates that it had
e-ome from a sailing craft of the old-time
wooden ¦ class.
Special Dispatch lo The Call.
Scars Ho Markings by Which Ship
pise Men May Determine the
Name of the Unfortu-
nate Vessel.
Quantity of Ship's .Woodwork
Is Found on Stephens
Island.
Rain fell yesterday along the coast be
tween San Francisco and Ca;:e Flattery.
The storm originated in Oregon and
spread in all directions. Forecaster Mc-
Adle predicts rain generally for the State
for this morning. The weather will prob
ably clear during the afternoon.
Predicts General Rainfall.
LOS ANGELES. March 5.— It began
raining shortly, before 1 o'clock this morn
ing and the indications are favorable for
a heavy downfall before daylight.
SAN JOSE, March 5.— A high wind pre
vailed here this afternoon and was fol
lowed by a heavy rainfall In the evening.
At 11 o'clock the precipitation measured
.42 of an inch.
FRESNO. March 5.— Rain began falling
here to-night and the prospects are that
it will continue several hours at least.
The wind is blowing from the. southeast
and the temperature is low. \
SANTA CRUZ, March 5.— Rain began
falling here this evening and for an hour
a strong wind blew. No damage was
done.
The body of Thomas Cox, a fisherman,
was founu in a boat to-day about one
mile above Sacramento. Cox's boat had
been carried under a barge by the swift
current far enough to~cuown mm.
GRASS VALLiil, aiardi a.— To-night
promises to be a repetition of last Satur
day night, when the wildest storm ever
recorded In Nevada County swept this
city. A't 6:30 o'clock this evening the
wind was stronger than on Saturaay at
the same time, while a stinging rain waa
driven before it. The barometer is al
ready below the point touched on Satur
day, indicating a big storm. Every min
ute the wind is increasing in strength.
If the present low temperature continues
many hours snow will arid to the wildness
of the approaching storm.
SANTA BARBARA, March 5.— Rain be
gan fallinjr at 9 o'clock to-night, accom
panied by a strong east . wind. Indicating
a continuance throughout the entire night.-
The same conditions prevail throughout
the county. Five and forty-four hun
dredths Inches of rain has fallen in the/
last ten days, making a total for the
season of 11.25) inches.
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— A heavy
rainstorm began to-night, but it Is be
lieved that it will not materially affect
the flood situation on. the river land!}.
The Sacramento River continues to 'fall in
c-anseyuence of the numerous breaks in
tHp levee, ' Brannan Island, down the
river, is completely floode'd, but the lat
est report to-night was that Grand Island
remained safe, with a double tier of sand
bags on tne lower levee.
une bodies of four of the live young men
who were crowned in the overilow oppo
site Courtland have been recovered, 'itie
approach of to-night's btorm caused a dis
continuance of tne efforts to locate the
fifth— that of Elmer lvey.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Body of Fourth Victim of
Courtlaad Disaster Is
Recovered.
Evidence That Some Sail
ing: Craft Has Met
Disaster.
collective names sound like ft
dog howling through eighty feet of newer
pipe, refused to abide by the decision of
the Tre&Bury Department at Washington
that they should return to their humbl«
homes on the banks of the Hoang Ho,
They hot only refused verbally, but they
translated their contumacy into actions,
and precipitated about aa lively a battle
as has been brought off between .repre
sentatives of Eastern and Western civili
zation since that little affair at Tientsin.
The Chinamen were the victims of olr
clrcumstances. Some time last spring
they covenanted with the master of a
Russian brig called the Behrlng, which
happened to touch at the port of San
Francisco, to accompany, him on a jour
ney to Siberia to work for the Kamschal
ka Canning Company. Their services
were furnished by a Chinese contractor,
\ ¦ : .
WAR/ grim, fell, horrid, epread
Its black shadow ever the Pa- \
clfle Mall Dock yesterday,
when eight Chinamen, whose
Bain Again Falling in
the Valley of the
Sacramento. ,
Assault Customs Officials' With' Clubs, Pots and Pans When Tol<ito
Go Aboard the Steamship Peru and 'Have to Be Beaten Into
Submission and 'Chained to the Stanchions of the Vessel
WRECKAGE
IS CAST UP
ON BEACH
HEAVY STORM
IN FLOOD AREA
STORM HOLDS
CITY IN THRALL
NICARAGUA
CANAL BILL
IS FAVORED
Snow Follows Sleet ! and
Blocks New York's
( Streets.
Severe Weather Still Con
tinues Along the At
lantic Coast.
Senate Is Now Expected
to Pass the House
Measure.
Sentiment in Favor of the
Panama Route Is
Changing.
Now Protocols, However, "Will Have
to Be Negotiated With Nic
aragua and Costa
NEW YORK, March 6.— The ¦leetatorm
which raged this afternoon was suc
ceeded to-night after a brief intermission
by another fall of snow. The snow la dry
and threatens to drift badly. A force of
about 5000 men is at work on the streets,
which are slutted.
The heavy mist which hung over the
river during the rush hours to-night made
the navigation of the ferries somewhat
hazardous and there was a terrific crualf
on the Brooklyn Bridge, but It was not
attended by any accident. The situation
at the Grand Central station had not im
proved much to-night. The trains ar
rived from three to six hours behind time.
BOSTON, March 5.— The Iirst severe
snowstorm here this ¦ season began at
noon and continued late to-night. The
wind blew fiercely from the northwest,
but the temperature was scarcely below
freezing. .Late in the day the snow be
gan to impede traffic' to a greater or less
extent. ¦'''¦•
BALTIMORE, March 5.— Reports from
all parts of the State show that the storm
which has been raging* here since last
night was 'equally bad in the mountains
on the west and lowlands on the east.
No serious results . are as yet reported,
the damage thus far being confined to
telegraph and telephone wires, tree3 and
trolley lines.-' Railway traffic .has been
Impeded, but not seriously. / '
PHILADELPHIA, Marcn 5.— With the
exception, of. the , extreme southwestern
section of the State the entire common
wealth of Pennsylvania is to-night in the
grasp of the heaviest snowstorm. of the
winter; Railroad travel Is practically
tied up in many places. -; --•.":
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
' CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. March 5.-A11 indi
cations now point to the passage of a
Nicaragua canal bill by the Senate if the
question can be brought to a vote. . The
strong report of , the sub-committee
against Panama f has influenced many
members and the passage of the bill as
lit came from the House is now predicted.
A large majority of the Democrats in
the Senate favor Nicaragua, and it is said
there will be no obstructive tactics. Wtatia
the Senate is becoming more favorably
disposed toward a Nicaragua canal dip
lomatic obstacles have arisen in the way
of the acquisition of American control of
that route. New .protocols, authorizing
the United States 'to construct the canal,
must be negotiated with Nicaragua and
Codta Rica. Thi3 action Is necessary n*
the result of the dlscoxery that the pro
tocols negotiated last spring are no longer
of effect. • As Congress swings toward
Panama or Nicaragua, so the country
controlling the route which seems to be
favored insists upon Imposing harder
terms.
Senor Corea, the Nicaraguan Minister,
is expected jto call upon Secretary Hay
to-morrow and initiate negotiations. Se
nor Corea declined to-day to discuss the
matter, but it is stated that Nicaragua
has no intention of holding up the United
States; that it is desirous of facilitating
the construction of the canal and will
therefore meet the view3 of the President
and Senate.
At the same time.lt is probable that
Nicaragua, will demand that the United
States pay her a larger sum than is
named in the protocol, .which she holds
has lapsed.
INSPECTOR ROUNDS UP
;V A LEADER OF OUTLAWS
Brother of the Notorious Black Jack
Is Captured in New
Mexico.
EL PASO, Tex., March 5.—Georgp'Mus
grave, leader of a band of Southwestern
desperadoes,' and brother of the notorious
Black Jack, -who was hanged at Clayton,
N. M., a year ago, has been captured near
Alamo Gordo, N. M., by Postoflice In
spector C. L. Doran of Denver, aided by
the Sheriff's men.' 'i' ¦:¦:•'' *
Musgrave is wanted in New Mexico for
murder and postoflice and train robbery.
He and his gang recently swept across
Southeastern New Mexico and after com
mitting innumerable crimes took refuge
in the Capitan Mountains. "Among other
depredations committed by them was the
robbery of the postofflce at Fort Sumner
where half a dozen men were held up and
a twelve-yeai)-old , boy was killed. The
robbery of the postolfice caused the Fed
eral authorities to take a hand in the
chase and Inspector Doran, after a week's
work, succeeded - in locating Musgrave,
who will be brought here to-morrow.
The arrest of Musgrave was followed
by the capture near Clifton, Ariz., of "Wit
Nell, J. Cook and Joe Roberts, suppose^
members of the same gang. They were
rounded up by Arizona rangers on Blue
River after a hard chase.
Immense Steamers to Be Built.
LIVERPOOL, March 5.— The Daily
Post says that the Cunard line is to build
two passenger steamers to eclipse in size
anything afloat. They are to be over 700
feet long and of 48,000 horsepower each.
BAND OF INSURGENTS
RELEASES A PRISONER
Their Homes to Save
Life.
People on the Island of Luzon Leava
MANILA. March 5.— Senor Ampll. Presi
dente of the town of Cantai, province of
Morong, Luzon, who is well known as an
American sympathizer/ and who was re
cently captured by the insurgents, has
been rescued from, his captors.
Senor Ampil says that the insurgent
force which took him prisoner is an en
tirely new organization and consists of
fifty-five uniformed men. armed with
rifles. They all wear police badges. Since
the capture of Senor Ampil the province
of Morong has been in a ferment. The
unrest has grown with Senor Ampil's re
turn and the spreading of his reports of
new organizations. The excitement is
now intense and many of the inhabitants
of the province who have been friendly to
the United States authorities are leaving
their houses and emigrating in the hope of
saving their lives.
EIGHT MONGOLS FIERCELY RESIST
ORDER DEPORTING THEM TO CHINA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 190S:.
3
i . .NEW ADVERTISEMENTS, t.
FALLING HAIR STOPPED.
Ealdness Cured by Destroying the
Parasite Germ That "Causes It.
» Baldness" follows falling hnlr, falling
hair 'follows dandruff; 'and dandruff Is'tho
result of n gorm ' digging; Its way Jnto tho
scalp ' to * tho -root 'of the hair, ¦ where It
sap3*the vltnllty of .the hair." To destroy
that germ is. to 'prevent; as well as cur«
dandruff, 1 falling hair, and, lastly, bald-
ness.. There Is ;> only one preparation
known to do that, Newbro's Herplcldo,
nn entirely new, scientific discovery.
Whorevor it has Deen»trled it has proven
wonderfully successful. It can' t'. be oth-
erwise, because it utterly destroys j tlio
dandruff ' germ. .'.'You destroy the ¦ cause,
you remove the effect." ' '
y POSTTTM <tf.-r.tt. at.
— < . ~~
This is particularly applicable . in such a state that my dyspepsia took
c^fps where persons seriously troubled the form of spasms and heart weak-
from the effects of coffee drinking re ,f a - ;' .
/i . v. 4 i n *.,« wnnA PnnVp l suffered Intensely, and when a
and who take-up Postum Food Coffee physlclan wag . ca , led he , nqu , red>
In its place attempt to make the new arnonff other th i ngSf jf r drank coffee
beverage with a little hot water and and insisted that I leave it off. I did
two or throe minutea* boiling. That go and took up tea,' which I found al-
pcrt of a 'lick and a promise" produces most as bad. Finally husband brought
a drink that is dimply exasperating. It home a package Qf Postum, and we
If) flat and tasteless, whereas the p^r- tried It according to directions,
eon who will boll, the I'ostum full flf- for we believe In the adage that 'Chll-'
tefn minutes ufter the actual bubbling dren and fools Judge of a thing half
ajid txrtilng begin* will have a bever- don«.*)
».£<» that ia BomcthinR:. : "The new coffee was delicious, and
Th^rfr is a point between twelve and from that day until now, (which is a
fiftrcn mlnutrs of boiling, when the yenr) It nan been our only* drink at
rhnraotcr of PoMum Is changed, the meals. .My dyspepsia, spasms, etc., arc
fo/><1 value Is extracted and the d» J - things bf th« past. My husband hart
lirjous flavor which much renembles suffered some years with blllous.hcad-
th«» milder and more expensive grades aches and .indigestion, but during, the^
if Java coff«v» Is produced. ' past year, on I'ostum Food . Coffee, he
A Jady in Halem. Or., says: "When- has entirely recovered his health and
;vcr I drank coffee at night I always Rained much in weight. Our friends
pfifcuod a wsilcus, wakeful night Ex- frequently comment on our Improved
r>:me nTvousr.^Fn and a weak stomach appearance and change In complexion."
"Uive followed ino rv<-r since I have Name of writer supplied by Postpm
>cea ufcir.ff coffee. Finally 1 got Into j Co., Battle Creek, Mlcb i
I II We make suits to order * **
11 I at prices ranging from '
|^ $10 to S30.
Our assortment of ma-
terials- comprises every-
thing in; smooth and
rough finished, goods in
the very latest patterns * S
4| for the spring of 1902.
JL* We would be pleased to "VflHra
- JBSj|& have you call and secure |@|||1P
S|||P a goodly number of the «li§l
|||| The clothing is all made in ijl|
l||| our own workshop under our B fa
lg|l rersonal supervision. W^ are 11 jp
J|l particular .about the workman- ¦¦& Ft
~~9 bhip. All garments are accu-
rately cut from thevmeasure-
' . .merits;, silk sewings are used
throughout; collars, lapels and
' B « buttonholes are hand made;
€|f buttons are sewed on strongly . &9
JgfL with a stem; all linings are
J0g&Mk. durable; pockets are well
|||l|||«|a stayed; vulnerable points are
jfnislfmr reinforced; the material is "
BhB9 .carefully shrunk; the entire JSw
V^fflr . making, inside and out, is done
WW ' n a thoroughly painstaking '¦ -wgjIllglPl "
J| give entire satisfaction, but we stiff
\ agree to keep all garments in
repair free for one year after iff?
necessary and are ever ready M
* to refund money to the dis- ' ' *
• The prices are the lowest
possibte , for which the goods \ - i
Out-of-town orders fitted— write for /r&$$]A
samples and ae/f- measuring blank, K&P^^W
; WMine Levey will be ntrilatect Sundny
night by some of the best «ntert.nlnerct in
the city end nn excellent vaudeville pro
gramme will bo rendered. She will dance
nnd also *lng BOma of the best songN In
her repertoire. V V'-' ;
For ono so young Miss Levey haa nl
ready showed ability, both &»¦ a singer
nnd a dancer, and her friends predict
that the experience sho will gain on the
Eastern stage will greatly develop her
gifts. Tho young lady has frequently ap
peared at socials ana entertainments for
Tf\ K€ lm LI5VKY, tht> t»l
fl\\/\| «!n(o«1 younitf ulnRpr ami (ttinrnr,
VI \\ VV . |UI ls nt)llUt t0 |t?nvt? ' nr thl *
A V JJL Hunt '•"> nw*ke her pruffSftlotml
«1»>but on tho PtHpp. wlllfilvp a
farewell ptTforniftnM In thU city ntfxt
Bunrtny fevrnlng «t ttnlon flf|tiar« Hull,
lirr numerous friend" nnd eulmlrem In
thla tlty iutfnri to take ndvnntage nf her
Init ftjipenrnnco hrre nm1 plve hpr tin evn«
tlon thntnlie will not forget nmhl the
triumphs which they ficl cortnln await
her In the East.
Official 'LnM to PrM^nt
- Vot». Dat*. Stati'tlnff
O-org* Alpern in.04O W v.\ ".Vilif
Krpil N. . llent. .....in,tl2 • • Krti l.\25l
Fred Cg^ora . . . ... '.tn.9A.-t vm ¦ . l.^Ol.l
Horac* M'llson 1H.61T • 8tt) i 1. •»«»¦¦«
John CoRhlan \\H&\ 433 | u'zii
Thomns Heagan . ...1.",414 474 n'o-ni
Kd I. M'alsh .'..1B.RSH 43H 15410
Thomas F. Flnn....l5,B05 411 10,101
terday ns th? Labor Party
'v Contestants.
Th« Iop(«?h ntistalni«c1 by th* Republican
civndkiatert In the« recount ycHtrrttay wern
morn ttifiu three tlmen n« Iftrga tin tha logg
tit tho Labor party cundldutM. There wero
"Ix pri-rlncta countprl, the Fourth, KlfUi.
Mlxtii. HlRhth nntl Ninth of the
'Ihirtyclghth Ulatrict. with tho foltuwtnu
r«?«ult In lrigar>«: Alp«r« 34, Jlent 32. Kb.
fr/1 H°' 1 A VVllF( . ot ,\. Z8 ' f '°8hJan lo. Iteagan s,
\V alah 10 ntui Finn 0.
Following Is the standing of tha candi
dates: ,,..t:,;.»,.,v •¦¦
rhrtrlly ftrui \\i\h nlwny* Mtioflefidrd In wln«
nlii« III* r.ivor «i|f hrr niiillnni-pw,
Low Throo Tlmca as Many Vot«» Y-is-
TALENTRD YOUNG SINOF.R AND
DANCKn WHO 1H TO MAKE HEIl
rnuincaaioNAL dishut.
STANFORD UNIVEnSITY. March
nora Jacknon, (he vloltnlct, gave a recital In
the aeeembly hall this evening. Mies Jackson
wan ably supported by Harry J. Fellows, the
tenor, ana Fl»nlst .William Uaur.
Nev/ Orleans Racing.
' NEW ORLEANS. March 0. — Crescent City
bummary: .
' First race, five furlongs-J-Lady Buckley won
Allopath 8econd,> Tuckpaw ' thlnl. : .Time, 1:02!
. Second race. Owners'- handicap, six ' furlongs
— Tom Kingaley won. Karl Kahler second
Death third. 9 Time. 1:13V4. - -. .'.
Third race, . steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Bristol finished first, but was disquali
fied; Fallela won, Harve B second, King Elk
wood third. Time, 3:04. . '*„„¦'
Fourth race. Premier stakes, five furlongs—
Bill Nixon won. Computation second, Maverick
third.. Time, 1:01 s)i. ,
Fifth race, handicap, one mlle-^-Felix . Bard
won, Nitrate ' second, Amigarl third. Time,
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Pharaoh won
Dan Paxton wecond, Senator Sullivan thlra,
"inie, l:U',i,
•: ¦¦-,¦:'¦ ¦y.r-.fr.r-.-.A:.;' ,¦' . .- ¦ ' : -' .
/-Fourth race-^MHe and three-quarters 1 ,: purse:
, four-year-olds, .an*, upward: ,„ ' , . ;
(BSftrosiddons '. j : Jf. .il0j(3373)DorIan . . : /. . :ll0
' 3338 Black; Dick. ¥.1101 -; ' : ; ->. ; [¦¦ ;
; Fifth race-1-Slx. Cnd a half : furlongs; seHlng:
Vfour-year-olds ;and*«, upward:.' ..- '..•"':
• (32.17) Sweet TootH. .102) 2341 IJaT Borxia'VT i, .100
3r5«) Dunblane : ; ...111 I (3220) Aloha II. J ; :V.1O2
.3387 Duckoy . . : V. :iOS,'- 33S1 ¦•"Maresa ..;.;'. 07
.. Sixth race— Six furlongs; selling; three-yiar
olds and upward: s £.'''' ; • ¦¦' ¦ ¦ . ' ¦'.- t! .
2942 Evea O. - : .'.".';; 1 04 '8383 Lomond U..".. 113
<3272 Lady Sterllng.,pl i32U!Tfzona *: ,r:t ::11O
(3.1S4) Gusto .:...... «3 332S' Com . V Forster . 09
3229 King Dellls. ..iv\ ai40 Horton , . '."...:. 113
3245 B. Bohman8'n,tp7 .8382- Ned Dennis.-: .110
Selections! f or To- Day.
_• First race— Derby {[Winner, kana,'^ Black
tlibsn." :."/-¦ \ :; ¦ .. •-'¦ y. $v- ; ¦¦• ¦' • ' «*iV« ¦ '\'j;
Second ra^e— Qulzz,0BaEsenzo,' Foul Play. .
Third race — Cougar, nushflelds,' " Legal
Maxim,
.Fourth race— Dorian* Siddons, Blaqk Dick,
Fifth race— Duckoy, Sweet Tooth. Dunblane.
Sixth race— Gusto, Lady Sterling. Commis
sioner. Forster.
American Newspaper Annual,
Just Issued by N. w. Ayer & Son. contains a
catalogue of American newspapers. A care
fully prepared list of newspapers and periodi
cals published In the United States. Territories,
and Dominion of Canada, with valuable infor
mation regarding their circulation, issue, date
ot establishment, 'political or other distinctive
feature*, names 'of editors and publishers, and
rtrect addressen In . cities of flfty thousand in
habitants and upward, together with the popu
lation of the eounties and places in which the
papers are published according to the United
Btates census of 1900. AUo a list of news
pepers and periodicals published In Hawaii,
Porto Rico. Cuba and the West Indian Islands,
compiled from the latest obtainable informa
tion. A description ' of every, place in the
United States and Canada in which a news
paper is published. Including: railroad, tele
graph, express and banking facilities, and 50
colored railroad maps of the United States
and its possessions, Canada and the West
Indian .Islands. • Also the' vote of States
and counties at the Presidential election
of 1900. A '••¦ list of the ..newspapers
of the United' States and. Canada, ai
ranged by counties, with a description of
each State, Territory, province and county
giving tne location, character of surface and
toil, chief ¦' products and manufactures, form-
Ing a valuable eulde to the Judicious placinr
of any line of advertising. Separate lists of
religious and agricultural publications. The
various class publications and newspapers pub
lished, in foreign; languages, omitting those
which Co not Insert advertisements;' the press
and editorial associations ot the United States
• nd Canada, with their officers, etc.. etc
Price, $5. Philadelphia: N. W. Ayer & Son'
newspaper advertising agents. Times building'
Chestnut and Klghth streets.
The first competition for the new coun
cil's cup for women of tho 8an Francisco
Golf Club, after being much delayed by
bad weather, wag brought to a conclu*
Finn yesterday morning on the Presidio
lirks. The course was in good condition,
but a fairly stronj? breeze wan blowing
when Miss Alice llager and Mrs. R. Gil
man Brown met for the final round of
the contest. Mies Hager was in excellent
form, playing a strong, steady game, and
at the end of the first nine holes was 2
up against her formidable opponent. At
the eighteenth hole Miss Hager was 1 up
1 jo play, but Mrs. Brown took It, making
the match a Ue. Another bole was played
to decide the tie, which MrB. Brown took,
winnin? 1 "P on nineteen holes. Mrs. R.
G. Brown's name will be the first to be
engraved on the new council's trophy for
women.
Robert Johnstone, the professional of
the San Francisco Golf Club, left thla
city on Monday for lx>s Angeles, where he
will take iiart In tho contest for the open
championship of the Pacific Coast, which
will be held on the links of the Los An
geles Country Club, beginning to-morrow.
Close and Gallant Contest by
V. ; Narrow Mnrgin*.
M-'sfc Alice Hager Is Defeated After n
MRS. B. C*. BROWN WINS
WOMEN'S COUNCIL CUP
It Is in the form of a vnso i\nd la un
usually heavy. The design in graceful and
In beautifully worked out, tin the Illunini
tlnn ulioww'. Tho cujdfla and 'other orna
montetlon are the. handiwork of hoitih
Nkllled iirtiNin. Mr. Keirlmm preocnted
tho iM'tiiiy for competition at tlm forth*
romlriB dojr nhow «» «. return for courtp*
Met* shown him by A. U, HnrwUrto. prt'N-
Ident fit the Kennel Club, wlmn' h« wan
ii< 1 1< with hln km ui in. ten huiim monthM
ulnrp,
Tho 'dlreetnm of th« elul) nave, not d"
¦ ¦t-ltd fur what flHM It will Un niT.i.d, it
Will IMutnllt.il -illy h>i 10 ¦olin at. 1 ll» liffl
rlnuiipii wh«ifn the eoinpfltlthn will bo
kcrnci«t. Thin numl bn d^tci'irilncil ••hftrtly,
HH It Will Iliivr In lt|i|nnr 111 III.' |ili||llll|i|
lit i. which will be iirlntod about tha IMIi
(ntt.
The n i- 1 1 b t f* of the* city will eontiJbut«»
their rnitn In the name of charity to bwpII
tlm r.M-r|i.ip of Hi.. Khciw, A miiimImt «> r
them will contrlbiito pontnrM dono In oil,
wntpr color and block and while. Theso
will be conipleuouMly placed about town
to advertluc tho exhibition nnd will then
bo tliMinpi'i] of by auction, tho proceeds
bring added to the general fund.
pTT"^ HE allvfr trophy which George II.
I Ketcham of Toledo, Ohio, has pre
11 dented the dlr«*ctorH of 8an Kran
il dtico Kennel Club In tin- nume of
his great horHA Crenceuy Has been
received Jn thin city. ¦
i ¦ . ,'•
OAKLAND' RACETRACK— Wednesday, March 5, 1902.— Weather cloudy. Track.
¦ heavy. ' ' _. ' '.__._' ...... . - : _¦
rtasi>. FinBT nACI3— Wx furloniya; selling; maidens; three-year-cHd-« and up'; to tlrat; /325..
Inrt'oit Homo. Ago. Weight. St. W. /$. ¦ Htr. Fiji. Owner, ami Jockey. Op. )C\: [ '•
2sSq <!ambaetrfi». 4... .107 .'I II 11 14 1 4 M. Ktorn... . v..noisrman VI ".'. W» '
•1377 OoMen IJuht, 4..10« U 0 1. fi 4 2 n 2 n H. T. Doepfner. .OTonn 5-2 • d-fl
'.'Sill i,i. calmu, t. io:t 4 4 a 2 '•! a 4 a 8 ' Klmwood Knnu. . Kanm-u I ,. II,
;ui7u i.Kii.y winner, a. ,loi i 51 u r. r>2 41 W. Koiohoman..Jtu'ki:Qn '•a u-to
.¦IU77 Klllufii. ft.. .,..,, JOS 7 0 7.1 «n B8 M. Allmun J. Paly 40 HO
JfKVr. K. iit-t H. .Iiciii, a. ,»!.'• "'J ;t 2 .'I 4 -tin a 5 M. l-'umtiir J. Wood* 20, 33
ii.'iiU The l-'lildli«r, t . . . . H )H (« Nil H 10 7ft 7U .1, 11. Wnlker Hue t!(l fJOO 1
SMIN J. Uii'hUlmi Jr.t 4.118 H a I 4 a N 10 N II M.' l.loyd A. Oo...Truxler 4H ' &J
•!l?I'I^ A l!i!SJL > ' n> *' ' 1 '"'" ¦ ' llm ft 7 [l u " " A. JlQBM I''. N«rv»^» JJO nil!)
/''li*m<— Vi, ;2flli; Uf,.>tfi8|^Hi ''•-'• tllK1 ' 1 start, Won flrnt t fiTea^'ilrTvrfiiir!™*" Winner, 1>V,
• Htorn'M I4U. u, iiy Mulliiiu-CHnilid. lioeenmn on winner nrtibti«d the i.iil iiunlttun. ti.ii.ini
i.tclii iiiiii-ri'it in. ii.iiriur went mi, iiixiuK much kiuuiuI, i.h (.'nlinu could Vihvi< won uit Hi*
iiuiU^UBrliyXVIrtiiiiirrHn «lo tiettur, '
•UIIIOiJW^UNIMUC'K— H«vn\ furloiisci Ihrtie.year.oldtf hii£ upj to flr«t,' ?;i25,
IniiMJMoMB, Ago, Weloht, fit, M. >i. Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey, j Oii! U '"?l'.
n'.'»!B Dk.'of York II,'«.lflp IT 1 )T TsT II lil rTlorelimi»«..,.tH % TAWl«y jti)
•M>\> I'xini Uwiri, It,, , ,|liil it Hit ;t A 'j |o ;• jo W, Al, lt'idn|H,,u > ('»lilini' lift I
•V.MU ii. '.v I t HIT 1,41) 4 M it 1 • it JO r\ il, \VU\\9 Jm Kmtn 'J n
it.iNi mii l'"ii«ui. r> r:i< 4 U4 U il 4 10 4 Hi I 1 . IMiPilttnn Kttimrli ti ft n..t
Ilia;, il.li n I'miiii, I , . . 1 1 •"• (I ' (I II \ ti hi ,1. (Viiwi)y,,,,,,ll'>i0iiinii ttn ini
iWjWjKMIilli'inhiin, n.;. Hiil^ ft^ ft 1 ft J^fi \ U . I'i. ,1. HuU1wln..,l{aniiijin t M_ \ib
Time— U, ibvi*. H. Ifiiil li. isaiiil U.'imn. l^tilr ntnrt. Won flrst tlir^rtrivTng. Wl*n^
il' I 1 . 1, Mut-i li'Mim'ti eh, h, Iiy tnilc uf Nnrfulk I'm men. Duke nr Vurlt won the r.ul tici*|.
(Ion. Iti'iui I'ulfl pinli.iiily pIuiii. Kir ltinjf.,11 beaten when stretch waa i-p.i.-tin,|, i iiiiukj-
no tticpil.
0-JH':.^?Al?i^' t^Pj?i" t !iYL" l l!.!, o -t ia liJ4!'— !?^ B jJ!l l JJLl K 'Jll > l p .' l J!^'' t1l _" nd ul)i fll " gt > MM-
Index Ijqi-m,_Ab», Weight, fit. %, %. Btr. vin, Owner and Joekoy, Op! Uln A".
.tUYO AlfllaKipliin. .'I.. ...,,02 ft 4n 4 1 In 1 a M«l!ewmot H.~tiT7jaek*n * ft in
ii.-im ¦iihui.ni, a.. Ho i! |1 1 ill 111 3 !i ' iCebert A Co. ..O'Connor it A.*)
iMMU i ;.m. n t c, t mi f a t i: ij t :i an \v. K, Ootton liuar fi in
(OttTO) Killdop, U II.*. I II I 1 1 a U 4 1 tl. H,hr. II..-I- Kuiiprli ;i T.a
'Wfii l'rt-Btano. !J «» Y . 7 (J til U l« ft h J. eonway J, Daly 2 H
(;mi)|Motitoyu, :i 1OU (I tl 1 7 10 T ft <l 4 H. E. now«l|,..L. Daly lo 20
ilHMl HllVtt Cru», a 100 ft 0 4 . ft 10 ft U 7 0 l*. J. Uald win. .Hansom lo' 2o
i'i j lUJ£!il?' JL'.'jj.L'.ij^V" Jljl*. . h h ,,, 8 , N£ l| i & J!.! nE 5 r >±.' L'j^ymLW ' m
T1«*»W; !2Ui W, Jftili CWf, liiaU. Oood etnrt. * Won eagUy. 8econ f rand" "third drh'lng.
Winner, Mallowmol Htock 1"iuiii'm br. 1. by I(rutua>Mlowera. Mitlacplna a clever one thin
nfternonn und tha cllmutle conditions eulteil her. .Tiburon wuutrt hav« won had Kducate not
beaten htm to the roll. Kllliloe retired when weary. Prestuno did not like tne Koing. Moll*
toyu no Btireil. Scrntched— Claratulo 108, Ned Dennla 110, Tyranun t>4, Chappie llu.
XW2. FOURTH K ACE— Ono mile; Billing; foUr-year-bldn and up; to first, |3:>5.
ImlcxtilorEe,, Age. Weight. St. >i- %• Ktr. Fin. . Owner and Jockey. Op!" "ct".
B37P |Hungarlon, 0 ....113 1 15 10 10 18 O. W. Miller Conley 5 K
a.JSS I,oyal H. 4 107 3,aa'2H 2« 20 V. Gilbert' .... .Bozeman 10 40
«22S M. KothBchitd, 4..11O 4 3 2, 3 5 . It ;o 3 4 J. M. Crane Troxler 1ft 10
aaW) Uuehflelds, a. ...Ill 2 4^ 68. 50 48 C.O.Roy J Woods a 3
•J3H8 lnvlctus, i ......102 « 6 5 4B 4 16 0 James Wilbon...!Ransch 12 2%
a.175 Formero, 0 Ill 6_ 0 ___0 ' _0 0 __ J. Hackott ....O'Connor 4-5^4-5
Time— Yt, :20>i; '%,""": 5.1 }i: %, 1:1»V4; mil"c,l:40. Good start. Won easily. Second and 'third
driving. Winner. G. \V\ Miller's ch. g. by Hanover- Dilemma. Hungarian drew the rail
• position. RuBhflelda was never even threatened with speed, Formero cold as an ice cheat '
tjoliiK to tht post.' ¦ He. could not ral&e a gallop. •_'__'_ _ _'.' ' •
UU03. FlFlli ra'cE^— l'l-io miles;' Gunst handicap; three-year-olds and up; to first, $1200.
llntlgxlHoye. Age. Welght.jSf. K. '¦ ' ft. Str' Fin. |_Owner and Jockey. Op*" 11 !?!.
333S IJanlce. 4 109 0 3 2 3 lVa 1 C 1 10.. G. B. Morris Jackson * 0-5 7-10
;'.:5.i« The ¦Fretter, 0...107 1 4 n t! H 2 1 2 5 F. J. O'Hourke. .TrOxler (; 1 10
\1331 Redwald. 5 09 .". 1 h 2 h 3 2 3 0 Jennings & Co...J. Daly G lo
rj237, MagGylp, C '.101 5 5 0 ,4 n ', 4 it ' 46 •¦ Elmwood Farm. .Ransch 4 7 '¦
(aa:j») Frangible, 0 ,...M05 4 0, ¦ - U ¦ 4 0 B4 F. A. npas....\V. Knapp .0 1"
•.•i2(Jl»Joa Fny, 4.......113 2 2 «i 1 '1.. 6 1 6 _ J. F.Schorr... J; Woods 3 10
Time— Vi, :20Vi: Vj. :03; %, l:20U: m, I'A'iV*; 1 l-10m, 1:57." Good «tart. Won easily.'
Second and third driving. Winner, Or.'li. Morris' ch. m. by Midlothian-Rosette. Janice In
. a pocket-hehlnd Joe Frey nnd «edwnld to fur turn. Then Woods pulled out. letting Jack
son through on the rail. MacCyle had to take the deep-going. So did Frangible. Scratched
— Merops 90. . • ._ ._ __ _ _ ._ • . .
3304. -SIXTH RACE — Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and up;: to first, $323..
index Horse,' Age. . "Welght.lSt. , \$. -}i. ¦ Str. Fin.. Owner and . Jockey. Op 6 "of,
t3368 John Peters, 3 108 5 4 3 3 2 2 1% 1 4 J. F. Schorr... J. Woods a 12
13345: Dr. Boyle, rf......l21 4 5 % 5 4-5 ft. 2 h J.C.Nealon..... Troxler 4 7
(3381) Edint/orquRlv 5:. .121 2.1% 4445 3 n W. H. Kctcheman.Jcksn 6 . xo
(.•J35S) Evandnr; •'» ...'.. '.102 .T 2 n : . 1 h , 1 % 4 1 5 . Fieher. & Co Hoar' O 18-5
(MM) Muresca.- 3 ...... 10« 7 3 1 2 W •"« 1 5 25 C. Lihd ..........Ransch 7-5 • 4-R
33S0.ISenator Matts, 6. .118 6 ' 6 .7- » 7 ' 6 5 ' H; 1 L. Haakcli:.. ...Dell 00 .iro
J :a$S2|Llt. Minoh Jr., 0.11S 1 f> 10 0 10 . 6 5',-' 7 . . H. E. Bo well... Hoffman loo 750
'Time— To »4'' ":22.*4 : -to^Vi. :<794; last %, 1:07; short ?4, 1:17. 'Bad start. Won easily. Sec»«
'•orid and third driving.', -Winner, J.- F. Schorr's ch. c. by Lord Esterllnir-Tarpelall. John
Peters displayed ;jus£"sHght lmpvovement. Dr. Boyle closed strong. Evander quit. Mu
• resca. no chance with, start. Scratched — Dorian 121. ' ¦
VALUABLE SILVER TROPHY PRESENTED TO SAN FRANCISCO KEN
NEL CLUn DY GEORGE H. KETCHAM, OWNER OF CRESCEUS. KING
OF TROTTERS. TO BE COMPETED FOR AT THE LOCAL DOG SHOW.
Third race— One mile; * selling; ¦ three-year
olda and upward: ¦ •
(322S)CouBar ..,,,. ,iro .333!) Billy Lyons,,, 107
(3377)Courtler 107 wm Legui Maxim,, m
\iaO2 Uushflclds ,,,411. 3373 Morengo llii
John. Peters, winner of the last -rade,
was bid" up from 4400 to $700 by ' "Billy'.';
Cahill. /Owner.: Schorr, retained his. colt, j
Following are the entries for this'after
noon's events: \- : ... ¦*,• " . . •• t?- '• ¦ \
! Tirst race— Five anda half furlongs
maiden thr^e-year-olds: ¦
'.....'Blackthorn ...lOOl 8125 Mythrox ...'.';. 112
3335 Oratoesa ...,.107 3209,.Lana . \;..1O7
3200 Ster. Towers.. 107 1974 Myriad Dancr. 100
32S2 Yrsula .:.....1O" 33"l : Breton'. ...;.'. 117
3381! Derby Wlnner.llJ SS48Slepp. Child. ..100
3258 Baltest , ..101) 3203. Eya, N; . . V.1V.X07
Second race — Six :* f urlongt; ; selling; .•three
year-olds and upward :,< . - ,
(3367)Foul Play.... .113 '3373 Bassenzo. '".... 101
i5373 Cuban Girl.. ..110 J384 Mid. Chimes.. 113
(33t*8)Qulzs II.' 112 .... BenoraCaesar.lia
2031 M. HUdieth...llO 3388 Gold Baron... 115
Track Notes.
Another long shot came breezing home
In the seven-furlong purse run following.
Dean Swift went to the barrier an even
money chance. Duke, of York, a- 50 to 1
outsider, showed a clean pair of hoela to
the favorite, from start to flniah.^wlnnlng
by two lengths. , Sir Dougal.ehowed.no
speed when It was needed, the 'show
going to Key Dare. : ; • . ,' : ¦
Tiburon. iho favorite In .the ring ¦ for
the flve and a half furlonpr sprint, ran
second to Malasplna, the latter" backed
from 15 down to 10. Educate and'KHldoo
raced out in tho lead with the favorite
and ' when Jackson on Malaspina waa
ready- ho cut loose, running in a clever
winner by three lengths. Educate was
third. ',-,-) . ¦
Conley, on Hungarian, succeeded in
striking the pay dirt at the start of tho
mile selling affair, and won off by him
self. A car lengfh away Loyal 'S, a 40 to
1 shot, finished second, and two rods
•further back came M. L. Rothschild. For
mero, the favorite, could not - untrack
himself. • . • . ¦
All of the losers and many of the win
ners unloaded on Muresca to' take the
closing futurity course sprint, sending the
mare out a 4 to 5 favorite. Jako Holt
man certainly was unkind to her, for she,
had no chance with the start. When
Evander had . tired. J. Woods on John
Peters assumed the: front position, "scor
ing aa' he pleased from Dr. Boyle and
Edinborough. • . •
Ing Leo Jackson and 100 poundH,
did manage to win tho &15U0 Guntit hnndl
cap, nnd there the • glory of tho flret
choicer rested. 'Altoijether It was th 1 )
most prcullnr dny'H pport Blnee the pcason
opened. • Next tho rail, whorw tho, mnn
with tho hod lmd been nt work, thero
w«h a comparatively dry strip; while fur
ther out tin' going wits atlll deep and
heavy. Throughout the oxerdsea this dry
Mrlp >viih tho nhjeutlvu point, mid U) tbe
vld^r nnd horeo uurtosBful In gelt Ing It
td Win WItrt JllHt llkd HllnltllllK tJlM cIlllll'H.
. \ 1 1 1 • » 1 1 n ill" inu.ililrrn which rruhbari tlm
luti In (."iii-iy M im I wi.-m iiini Hlnhifit hy
tho juilgdH «'iiiiilniiMMVH.iniil 1>iiU«i of VorK
unloui1«3ii the bl8jjf»t ourgnPHi M'hfl fmiuiT
Iliirluiitfil illmlll ||| I lit' I'lUK HI >Vl imil I' 1 '
10 1, Wllllo f.il to I ill liruhlfiliili nilllil bo
liuil iilmiil Him ** I »i it tU , 'I'lii-ii Miiliir*|iliin
r^Knlnni lirr bfKt form m Jft in I, 4ltin
li.n I. ill illllli'il III (t fi In 1 I I'lllilirn Mlirl
imiilly .Inliii IVI.m, nil. 'I IhyiiMiih hull
tlit) (urin i«iii> «-iTi by ins rt'Ci'Mt purnirm*
nii^N, cMlifil wIiph id to i \vun chalked
Hflillinl IllN lullllr, >
It. ilu lirtiiu I'iiIIIiih jtiril lirfm 1 .' (hi)
linjfit'B wrrp called for tho Ouiint t4tnke.
inn thin did not Injure lh« oIuuicoh ot
Oi'firn Morrln* »nnrt» Junioe, wlileh w«n
1'lnytd from 0 tn 6 down to 7 to 10. The
iiImimio'. one nnd h Hlxth inll<>n, pit>uh-i|
i.r-l to lu'C Hliiim and Mho won hi ft hol
low gallon, JncKDOn liml Hi" mount OM
the luvorlto und wan luct nwuy nt tUo
nturii Ever nlort, Johnny WooiJh on Joe
l-'rey picked up the dry nolng, with Ited*
wald tor a cOhipiinlon. Jackson on Janice
cut in on tho rail behind thd landers nnd
wtlh bid mount tinder double wrat>s wult
cd a chanco to get through. On tho far
turn Joe Frcy hail fihot hln bolt nnd
gave up tho ruil poeltlon to Jaclt
ton on the favorite, currying out Hed«
wuld a bit to occoinpllnh tho font. Onco
through Janlco sprcudcuglcd her llold,
tcuching thn wlro nearly u doacn lengths
in otlvanca of Tho Krettor and Iledwald.
MacOyle would have had n. chanco undor
ordinary clrcumstancca, but could not «i;t
tho dry footing und had to tuko pot luck.
Frangible cut no ilgure. '
Harry Stover'a recent purchase, Derby
Winner, was installed lavorite for the
first event, a six-furlong selling sprint.
and was outfooted every foot of the >vay.
Cambacerep. a 50 to 1 shot, ridden by
Jimmy Bozeman, got away on the rail,
and, at the wire, won by four, lengths
from Golden Light, the second choice. La
Calma finished third.
AN avalanche of longrahota In the
netting pwept everything boforo
It yesterday at Oakland truck,
Janice, u 7 to 10 favorite, carry-
THE CALL'S RACING FROM CHART
NEW YORK. March 6.— Goldman. Sachs 4.
Co., who yesterday announced an engagement
of $1, 250,000 gold for export to Europe on
Saturday, have Increased thlo amount to
fl.UOO.OOO. -
RESULTS OF WEDNESDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
Good Price for Harness Horse.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 5— Dan Patch
(2:04V6), which made eueh a phenomenal
record last season, has been sold by Dan
iel A. Messner Jr. to M.' E. Storgess of
New York City for $20,000.
Rube Ferns will stay here and fight Al
Nelll before the Hayes Valley Athletic
Club on the 21st lnst. He will settle down
to training to-day at the Boach Tavern.
He has posted his forfeit with Harry Cor
bctt, guaranteeing his appearance in the
ring.
Boxer Ferns . Remains Here.
BOSTON, March 5.— Harvey Lemoyne.
the Brookline. swimmer, won another
American championship ' at tho Sports
man's Show to-night, taking the 100-yard i
event In 1:04 4-5, one-fifth of a secondslcss
than E. Schaeffer's time. There has been
doubt on the record for the' distance,
L^ary of San Francisco having beHten It
at Sutro Baths, as did Lemoyne In a re
cent event in New York. To-night l s rec
ord Is expected to stand.
Doubt Cast on Swimming Record.
The board appointed Philip Sheridan to
be watchman at the : City and County
Hospital and Daniel, O'Neill to be watch
man at the Twentyrsixth street hospital.
The owners of the premises at 501 Geary
street- will be notified to place them in a
sanitary condition.
Bob vs. M. Fahey's Home Rule; T. Cox's
Crockett Hill vs. \V. Grones' Lone Mountain;
T. Burke's John C Heenan vs. A. McLeod's
Real Pearl; M. tN,ealon's Agamemnon v». W.
C. Badger's Alert; Kelly & Hanley'a Preclta
Maid vs. T. Burke's Sotoyomo: A.- B<Jhaclch's
Lily H vs. Pasha Kennels' Ueal^Arlstocrat;
P. M. Clarkson's Flower pf Gold v«T F. Rosen
berger's My Nell; J. Hurley's Shylock Boy vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rich Argogy; .Kelly & Han
lcy's Fearful Ship vs. M. Nealon's Fred Frce
dom': J. Hurley's Rlley Granoan vs. J. Sheri
dan's Forest Queen; K. Geary's Little Jim vs.
W. C. de B. Lopezes Peplta: P. J. Rellly's
Honesty vs. P. J. Horgan'B Peerless; J. But
ton's Blue Ribbon vs. J. S. Badt's Lovlna; L.
M. ConneU's Black Coon vs. P. M. Clarknon's
Miss Brummel; H. H. Gray's My Dog vs. R.
A. Frlnk's Fiery Friend; E.- N. Whlteslde's
Flower Friend v«. D. Wleklng's :La Estrella;
W. Johnson's Articulate vs. E. Ready's Vera;
M. Mlchlllk's Strayaway vs. L. C. Homan's
Chief, o'.HllU • ¦..¦¦¦¦¦• .
" The resolution was presented ' by Dr.
Buckley und seconded by Dr. Ward. Tho
liittor h;iKI that- there could be but on«
choice between the two sttes and that
was, the Pattrldgo tract,, which was su
perior to the other in point of accessi
bility and appointments already Installed
on the. site. Tho resolution follows:
' That the Pattrlfige tract be the official se
lection of this board ns a site for an Isolation
Hospital for contagious dlscaiics. »
The Health Board 'gave the occupants
of the building at 512-514 Post street thirty
days in which' to put the premises In a
sanitary condition.. The board at the last
meeting- condemned the- building as un
safe and a menace to health.
The Board of Health met yesterday and
adopted a resolution declaring in. favor of
the Pattridge tract on the . Bay View
farm as the most , available site for' a
pesthouse. The board recommended to
the Board of Supervisors the purchase of
the site, which has been offered to the
city for $12,500.
. There are several buildings on ithe site,
which. the board believes can bo convert
ed at once Into a hospital' for the accom
modation of smallpox patients. The tract
offered by the Bay View Land Company
is deemed unsuited for hospital purposes
by reuson-of Its Inaccessibility at tho
present time. It will be necessary to
build a road to tho site, which the Board
of Works estimates will coat $3600.
All the contests over the /estate of the
late Adolph Sutro 'have- ,* been compro-.
mised and now all that remains as a bar
to the distribution' of the estate Is . the
question of the '.ownership ' the Sutrd;
library, which is claimed,; by /Mrs. Dr:
Merrltt. In the philanthropist's will was
a clause giving t to Mrs. . Merritt /'his 11-V
brary." Whether ' Sutro '¦ meant his pri
vate library or ithe. one he . purchased
shortly before; his death, anfl which he had
determined . to pfe'sent' to the city,' is a
much mooted question, the settlement of
which has occupied the attention of the
courts for tho,lastvyear.- v ' *
.The cstate"1s now, ready for distribu
tion. A hearing of n petition for partiul
distribution came up in Department 9 of.
tho Superior Court yesterday, but wan
put over until March 0. A motion. to put
thd matter over for four weeks was • op
posed by Attorney J. C. Campbell, who
announced that the various contests over
the Sutro estate had been compromised,
and that therefore tho petition should bo
given a speedy hearing, in order Uiat the
estate could bo nettled and an end put to
the litigation. ,
Tho contests referred to by Campbell are
those commenced by Mrs. Clara Kluge-
Butro and Mrs. Rosa V. Morblo. Some
weeks upo tho first named contestant uc.
cepted $100,000 and dismissed her action.
Attorney Campbell eaid yesterday that
Airs. Alorolo had cohsented to receive a
certain sum and withdraw her sull.-'
"Just what sum Mrs. Morbio receivod," '
said Campbell, "I am not at liberty to
state. • .*,
The programme for, Saturday and Sun
day at Union Coursing: Park Is the most
varied offered iiv many months. .The tid
bit of the card will be.t ho special match,
best three out,,; of five; courses,' between;
Sacramento Boy, and Slsqubc. ' .In addition
there will, be, a puppy stake., of sixteen
eft tries and two sixty-dog stakes. The
dfiw. last night resulted as follows:
.'S>pectal match, best three In five courses— D.
Wjilsli'u Sacramento Boy vs. D. J. Henley's
Sluauoc. . ;¦¦,•.. •:¦''.
IPuppy stake, sixteen entries — J. Horn's Mc
lloiry vs. Htar." Kennel's Cnino Hltd; J. F.
JIokit's Sullust vs. A. It.' Curtis' Ualatoa; y.
A; ¦ McComb'a Otto vs. "J. W, Fahey's October
Lad; X'asha Kennels'. Gloving Arab vs. ' Hierl .
&'KnowlcK' Ilefrlgorator; T. A. Canflcld'n Uooa
Qfrl vs. J. i'\ UoBcr'H Olaucus; D. ' Toland'a
i'»ni liny vs. J. Sullivan's tillevenamon; ' II.
l'«rl«o's Belfast vs. D. Wleklng's Young Kus
tyrT.'Sullivan's Bt. Simon vs. tf. Doylo's High
Stepper. ' • ¦ ' . ¦
Special stake, sixty entries— O. Shaman's
Gold Uug'vs. I). J. Htaley's TJburon; A. Van
darwhltu'a .Flora McDonald vh. It. 11. Oray'a
nona; A. It. Curtis' Old Ironsides vs. B.
Geary's Bonnie .Hughle; Alam»da . Kennels'
Mack Bart vs. A. K. Curtis' Charta; J. Trade's
Mi'llsi Uoi'lu't vs. Alarm-da Kennels'. Merrlmac;
E>. Geary's Fannie Hughlo vs. C. O. Peterson's
SilVer Cloud; D.J.vHealcy's Elista, vs. A. H. ,
turns' vuiun; A: u v*"if«' • > I'a'.f-vs. * ' t\.
Curtis'. Flying Fox; A. R. Curtis' King Cotton
vs. 1 P. J. Rellly's Royal-Union; A.' R. Curtis'
Wapsee vs. O. tiharman's. Sir Pasha: B. SUva's
Master Rocket 'V8. A.?R. Curtis' Leola; C>»1
arjnl Bros.' Tame Tralee 'vs. P: . Mullarky's
Mam'e Pleasant; C. O. Peterson's 'Haphazard
v». Alameda Kennels' A.. J.-. Martin; E. Geary's
Bonnie Pasha' vs. J.L. Ross' Loyal Lud; G.
Rharman'n Little Sister: vs.. Alameda 'Kennels'.
MiMrosp Lad; J. Dowllnfj'S'SIr Lawrence vs. B.
Ocary's Ruby Sarikey; Pasha Kennels': Roman
•Athlete vs. Chlarlnl Bros.' White Hat; A. R.
•Curtis' Anchor vs. . E. Geary's/Ireland; F.
Jones' Wedgewood .vs. F. Jones' Harlean'
Gladys; 'Gterl & Knowles*. Cold Shivers vs. E.
Geary f s Fenii; D. J. Healey's Tapioca vs. A.
R Curtis' Luxor; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist
vs. Clilariril Bros.' Santonin; J. L." Ross' Fonte
noy vs. A. . R. ¦Curtis' ,War Eagrlo; Sterl &¦
Knowles' Freeze Out vs.' O. 'Nothercott's Freda
C; T. W. Bartels' .Bogus Baron vs. .E. Geary's
Fair Oaks; J. Trade's Cosey vs. T. J. Cronln's i
Vandal; O. Zahl's Homer ? Boy • ,v». ¦ F; Jones' *
Tyrone Prince: Clilarlni Bro3.''Dewdrop vs. T.
W. Bartels' Bogus Brummel; A.'. R.'. Curtis'
Narcissus vs. Alameda Kennels'. Lilac; C. Plck
ard's Bright Gold vs. E. Geary's Roy Hughle.
' Open stake, sixty .entries — O. SexBmlth'i
Fulton Boy vs, B. Stndermnn s Cnmlaue; IX
Walsh's Gallant ' vs. J. Carroll's Cnscade; F.
Roconberger's Master Bly vs. L. -8. Barre's
Boodle Boy; F. Rosenborger's Lady Chlqulta
vs. A. R. Curtis' Lord Beaconslleld; Panha
Kennels'- Reckless Admirer • vs. Panha- IC*n
nels 1 Regal Attire; J. F. Chectham's , R«^pre
eentatlve vs. J. Rock's' Ladles' Choice: W. C.
de B. Ixjpez's Jewess ¦ vs.- ¦ B. L. Hathaway* «
Bridget Cleary; Kelly & Hanley'8 LUnhmagh
Lad vs. \V. Cairns' Eastlake; F. B/ Gerber's
Mount Ida vs. J. Connolly's New .Moon: T.
Burke'n Lottie W vi«. W, Calms' Imperial:
Alameda Kennels' Clarlre v«. G. W. Coombu'
Rustic Arbor: C. Clock's Alameda Lad -vs. J,
H. McNeil's Black Hawk; J. I. O'Brien's Little,
Urge Supervisors to Pur
¦' chase .the Land and
Improvements.
Question of the Ownership
of Library Prevents ,.
Settlement. ;•¦ ; ¦¦
>ur:-t Stakes X on : . the Card
, for Decision at Union
Health Officials Recom
inerid It for the
'Pesthouse.
PJeetest Greyhounds on
ij -Jv the iOpast Are \
I" -•• ¦ \ .-
Estate of Late Adolph
Sutro Is Ready for .
Distribution: ¦ }
BOARD SELECTS
PATTRIDGE SITE
SISQUOC TO MEET
SACRAMENTO BOY
MORBIO SUIT
COMPROMISED
KETCH AM SENDS TROPHY
FOR KENNEL CLUB SHOW
Valuable Silver Vase Is Offered in the
Name of His Horse, Cresceus, King
of Trotters— Is for Important Glass
TALENTED YOUNG SINGER
TO MAKE DEBUT IN EAST
...... ., ¦ %
Miss Lillian Levey, a Gifted Daughter of
California, to Be Given an Ovation by
Her Friends and Admirers Sunday Night
THE SA2^ FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, STARCH 6, 1902.
4
liEPUKLICAN .CANDIDATES
DUFFER HEAVY L0SDE3
ADVERTISEMENT^
ii-j E^flf /*-m (1~w rJ \J /J sy~\ \ *5ij7
ITCH IS TORTURE.
Bczrma is caund by rtn ncid humor in
Ibe blood coming in coutect with tbc
1 Liu and producing great redness and in>
Astntnatiou ; little ]>us>lular eruptions form
and iIjm h.i ¦¦¦• a thin, ui. \.y fluid, which
dries and scales « ¦: f ; eotsctimes tbo skin is
it-.i.l, <Iry an 1 iV.Miinl. )>'.ciu,i i-.j any
form is 0 torraentlni;, stubborn diKatic,
end tha in !i : !!<: and burning ot times aro
r '•:).;..'. ii!.ir,.uMr; tbo "-Id burning
Lmzsor r-ccnis to'ooco out end ect tbo Mix
on fire. Salves, washes »or other cxtcr,-
sal oppiiealicss do any real fjood, for at
1 »ir.; /rMh'.' poison remains in (ha bloud
il will keep tbo ri in irritated.
BAD FORM OF TETTER,
'Tor three j-esra I *£*%.•
Y.A Tetter on tay , Jsk&S%
hnai]:. v. 1.1 'i »3ii=rJ
them to swell ta twlc«
l heir natural eitp. Part ft?v~'*T»n
nf the titae theillscsic ' ftt*£'\h H
in the form of run. JCstum? ¦
x;\v,~ c-ict, very pain- VliH&*] vS > t
ful, and calling tae VS?»i "ySj* * 1
doctor* tald the Tctttr 'k\M£^* £t*T\'
had prccrcnicd too far #*Si$jgP?S' J/Mp
lo W cured, r.n-1 llirv 'Wyffit&M&Mm'
tr/jid d) nothinfc for ¦' V^^S^I^&L 1 ''
t^r. 1 1"""'- only three >^*W'£^^>'sy<tii8?$C&v
bctllca of S. S.'G. niid
This Teas' fifteen ye»ra '''*'* $\i^tff$i£
cto, and Z have revcr ' "
c-.accsccn any Eign of ny eld trouble.! 1 — M*9.
h, D. Jacsson, un McOce St., ICassasCity, Mo.
S. S. S. neutralizes this acid poison,
cools the blood an d restores it to a healthy,
natural ctate, end the rough, unhealthy
stia becomes eoft, smooth and cjear.
S/f3& /^^| cures Tetter, Ery-
HH sipelas, Psoriasis, Salt
' Rheum and all skin
kwjfrl [V^CT diseases due to a pois-
'¦eaeSJ' iZgBgr oaed condition of the
blood. Send for our book and '.write 'us
about your case. Our physicians have
made these diseases a life study, and can
help you by their advice ; we make no
charge for this service. All correspondence
is conducted in strictest confidence.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
: > ~
WHEN A MAN MARRIES
HIS TROUBLES BEGIN
If his wife Insists on having his collars,
cuffs and ehlrtH laundered at home, after
he. has been accustomed to such artistic
work . as tve have given him. For high
class work on your, linen, for 'careful
treatment and for that faultless color an«l
finish on' your linen, there la no-laundry
In town that can compare with the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASStt
Cffico lOOt' Market Stra»:
Telophono— South 4-2O,
Oakland Offic»-64, 6ah Pablo Ave,
_ 'I ADVEBTISI2MENT3.
•j; : Are you a xycaklinr*? Arc you one of those unfortu- |
% nate young men who. through ignorance and bad com- fc
$ pany, have contracted nervous spells, weak back, .varico- g
I celc, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and ambition. |
. i loss of confidence, bashf ulness. despondency and weak- Yi
I ness? Dr. McLanghlin's Electric Belt Kvill cure you. p
I Are you a mid\lk-.iKcd nun suffering from varicocelc, prema- p
turcncf>. indiqest/on. constipation, rheumatism, lame back, etc.? Dr.
; McLaughlin 1 * Electric Belt will cure vou. h
Arc you an old man. ileclininjr before your time, having lost li
* all ability to enioy life." with prostatic trouble. lo»t strenarth, debil- y,
.; \ ity. pains and aches, and eeneral decay of organic powers? I can I'
cure you with Dr. McLaujrhlin's Electric Belt with free supensory t-!
(or weak nicn. . . j.i
1 will >end you. scaled, free, my beautiful book tdlinsc about it |;
if you will send this ad. • Send -for it to-day. Cl\
ft& OR M R- Mr! AIIRHI IN 702 Market St., cor. Kearny, Bl
m Un. 111. U. mbUAUUnLIll, . San FraoeUco. jj
L Office Houri— 8 a, m.' to 8:30 p.' m, Bundaya, 10 to I, . I l\At Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall. Satur
day afternoon, March 8, there will be an
other of the very enjoyable Angelus re
citals which have afforded pleasure to
great, crowds during thn past few weeks.
In addition to tho Ansrelun feature- of
the cntertnlnmcnt Mr. Frank Krwln Ro
dolph. barytone, will glnjr nnd there will
be selections rendered by a talking ma
chine. For programme see to-day's
amusement column. -
Free Piano Recital.
Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw Tteld. Miss Reid
and 1>. O. Mills are frue«its at th<> Mllln
summer home At Mlllbrae. ThWr San
Francisco friends hopo to «ce a good deul
of them in the next month.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Williams Jr.
have given up their apartments at the
Palace Hotel and returned to Oakland.
Ml?s Georglna Jones la visiting Mrs.
Horace L. Hill.
Chief Wlttman received a dispatch yes
terday from William Dodds. Fort Wl!
-liam. Ontario, Canada, asking him to wire
Immediately a full and accurate desccrip
tion of William Kauffman. one of tne
thugs wanted for the murder of Police
man Eugene Robinson, as he had a man
under arrest there who answered the de
scription. The information was promptly
wired. • .
not yet recovered from the shock of her
mother's death and is on the way to
visit her sister, Mrs. Frank S. McCul-
Iough, wife of the manager of the Phil
Armour Packing Company of Southern
California. Mrs. Cole will visit Coronado
and other places of interest.
He May Be Eauffman.
The services will consist of two num
bers by the Elks' Quartet, a solo by Mrs.
Wallace Brigrgs, a solo by Miss O'Brien,
a 'cello solo by Arthur Regensberger and
a vocal solo by Robert Lloyd. The eulogist
and the pallbearers have not been an
nounced, but their names will be made
known to-day.
The body was sent here from Boston
by the Elks of the latter city. A solemn
requiem mass was celebrated at St. Jo
seph's Church, Boston, over the remains.
Services of a fitting character will be
held in I>odge Hall No. 3 at 2:30 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon. The funeral will he
attended by theatrical people and a host
of friends. . . . •
The remains of Billy Emerson,' the fa
mous minstrel, who died In Boston a
week ago last Sunday, arrived. In this city
yesterday and were taken ; to an under
taking parlor at 122 Eddy' street. Tho
widow of the old-time favorite, who re
sides at 601 Baker street, has taken
charge of the body. Although Emerson
was . not a member of thetr order, the
Klks of this city have requested to )>e
rermltted to Inter the deceased with all
the honors due him.
Elks of This City /tor Inter the Rs-
mains of famous Minstrel To-
Morrow Afternoon.
BILLY EMERSON'S BODY
ARRIVES FROM BOSTON
About *;J,uoo,000 worth of stock In the
new vyndtcute will be held by local cupf*
tallita. On Tuesday the list wu* opened ut
tho NcvuiJii liunii for all thu»u who
wldho'i to subscribe. Th« urcucrluctl
amount Una all > been tntten up una »i»«
booKtf with <Io:hu ycMtviUay by i. vv.
) lfiltiifiri.
j. M. Duano and Attorney Att«rbury of
tho iiulttmuru nyndtcuto *uy thai itiu tn.:
deal m iir'iKi<-«MUi:v tuvorubiy unti tnut tn«>
rn/i'lH will •>¦! bougnt by uovrcvH. i if •>•
ndmitteil thjit th« butro unti auti'T-ntuwt
linci wero nuw their property, but thut
no chungii Would bu ntuuo ni tnu inu»*
ugctnunt of tho roudft at the present iimc.
it 1h now known that the eymilcntu wnl
eventually appoint its own board of direc
tors, but It hum Informed the undent dt
rectorn of the Market-street rtniwuy
that it In Itit wwh that they will contlnuu
to H«rv« after the completion of the utilu
until tho • new owners have become fa
intliur with the workings of the roud.
I. 'AVY licilmun of tho Nevutlu Bank In
an extensive wubucrlber to the new- syn
dicate and it Is conceded that ho will
still hold his position a» director of tho
Murket-strcet' railway, lie reruaeu to bd
Interviewed, but It Is generally conceded
that he will still tako an active interest
in the streetcar system.
Judge Clarber has been appointed con
sulting attorney of the road and will
assist in the law .department. As soon' as
the road changes ownership one of the
first steps taken by the tygal department
of the system 'will be : ;o .organize a
claims department. At the present time
the claims • department of the Southern
Pacific and the Market-street railway are
one, but unaer>the new order of things the
new one will have to be organized.
The- financial end was all handled
through the California' Dunk. J. M.
Duune, oh behalf of the syndicate, ten
dering a certified check for *•-.:!;'*, &>•>, whlun
vviia accented.^
The Baltimore pyhdlcate toolc chargo of
the SuttiT-Htrc.ot and tlio Sutro Railway
systems yesterday. The deal was' made In
the nfllri m *>f the. street car ccfmpany uriil
the formal turning over of the property of
the roads was made, by the directors,
Judge Garber und Attorney General' Foril
representing the syndicate- .
Baltimore Syndicate Takes
Over Sutro and Sutter-
Street Lines. . '.
Local Capitalists Invest
$3,000,000 in Street
Railways.
PROMPTLY BUY
STOCK OFFERED
BRILLIANT HOME WEDDINGS DELIGHT
THE SMART SET OF SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAYS MARCH 6, 1902.
The groom has business interests in this
city, being associated with his -father in
A dainty supper and congratulations
followed the ceremony. The postnuptial
reception will be held the third Friday in
April.
Mr. and Mrs. Lund Jr. have left the city
for a wedding trip, but their destination
was not confided to their friends or. rela
tives. Upon their return they will occupy
the Lund residence at 1823 Jackson street,
as Mr. and . Mrs. Henry Lund Sr. have
planned to go abroad for u season.
The bridesmaids were all gowned in
white chiffon over pale green silk. The
chiffon was covered with narrow shirred
ribbon applique. The gowns had long
eashes of chiffon. The bridesmaids wore
maidenhair ferns over one shoulder and
carried shower bouquets of- the same.
Miss Charlotte' Lally wore a charmlns
costume of pink chiffon over pink taffeta.
Fastened at the back between the should
ers, was a large rosette of pink chiffon
and long sash ends reached the" length ot
the trained skirt. The maid of honor car
ried a bouquet of bridesmaid's roses. ¦¦ ¦-
The bride wore a beautiful white panne
crepe gown, en train, with a bertha of
point lace. The .tulle veil was held In
the hair with a spray of orange blossoms
and drawn through her engagement ring.
She wore no other jewels in her hair.
Upon her corsage was a large diamond
and pearl sunburst, the wedding gift of
the groom. The bridal bouquet was an
armful of Easter lilies, tied with white
tulle.
The drawing-rooms of Mr. nnd Mrs. II.
T. Lally'H rcflldcnce, 1816 I'aclllc avenue,
were tho «ccne of a very pretty homo
wedding last evening, which united Miss
Mlla Lally nnd Henry Lund Jr., both well
known in San Francisco society. Over
one hundred friends enjoyed tho wedding
festivities and the rooms were hand
somely decorated for the occasion. It
was a pink and green wedding and some
very artistic effects were obtained in the
arrangements of foliage and spring blos
soms. The bower for the bridal pair was
of foliage and pink roses, with a largo
double heart of pink roses overhead.
Many sprays of almond blossoms wera
also used throughout the rooms. The
dining-room was lavishly decorated with
pink tulips, with a touch of foliage.
At 9 o'clock the ceremony was per
formed by Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the
First Unitarian Church. The bride was
given into the keeping of the groom by
her father. Starr Keeler was best man.
The others in the bridal party were Miss
Charlotte Lally, maid of honor, a. sister
of the bride, and four bridesmaids, Miss
Kate Gunn, Miss Georgia Lacy, Miss Rus»
sell of Alameda and Miss Charlotte Laws
of Oakland. The ushers were Will Wood,
Charles Hutchinson, Roy Pike and Will
Horn. . •
watader. Mins Olive Holbrook, Miss Clara Mc-
Near, MIks Helen Dean, MImh Pearl l.innl'i h,
MIm: WnMilf llnr'l, MlKS AllCft Jiorrl, Mil'*
Klllta Jleddlnit, MIM Hojihlc Pierce, Hurry N.
Ktetwin. Unrry W. Poctt, Alfr«>il JI. Wilcox,
Harry R. Hlmi)kln«, Harry M. Holbrook. Wal
lace Alcxandnr, Mr. McKrp, Mnutrwint (!onnnl
Jliibt-ock, U. H. A.; Krank Ix>e Owi>n. ltob««rt
Howlcn, Illchard Joy of Detroit, Wlll«rd N.
Drown, I'hllln Tompklns, John 1). Kprecko'.n
Jr.. O»»rnl<J Hathtione, Mr. Ualfour. Frederick
Coon mill Knmuel II. ISoardinnn.
tho Henry, Lund Company. He Is also
Vice Conuul to Norway und Sweden. Mr.
Lund Sr. i« Consul.
Minn Allco M. Onrrtner was ho&tesn at
a Hinnll Informal card party Vontorday ut
her home, C0I1 Haker Htroct. .llSvorythlnj,'
wiia ploamintly arranged for (ho plensuro
of thfl gupstH nnd the afternoon was 3
delightful one. Thoso preneht, were:
MlKB««t» rinr» Urldlpmnn, Atihln Colemnn.
N»"lllft Montgomery. • Mnbol KeritJin, Mnbirl
Mushen, Ml»» Hu^hrn. Minnie Kvnnn, hlln
Kvnnp, II117.0I Kllnp, Jllrcli (Inrdiipr, Mr». Hort
KiillnKH, Mrs. Hum Crlm, Mm., l'urlfey Cart
wright and Nelllo Lyonn.
MIbb Adelaide Murphy entertained !t
number of friends Monday afternoon at
the Palaco Hotel, tho event/being an ln-
formal tea «in honor of Miss McCIenehan.
Among those present were:
' 'MIkh Mamlo JoHHAlyn, MIhr McClennhan, MIm
Killth I'romnn. Minn Hopkins, »IIh;i Grac«
Hpr^ckolg, MIkh UUInn Hprorkda, MIm Kih-I
Cooper. MIkh Kutli McNutt, MI«n Dolbe«r, Mim
Luclo King, Mrs. Ucorge Martin, Mm, Ann 3,
Mr*. Taylor nn.l Miss Klorenco Jo*«elyn.
Mrs. Beatrice Newell nnd Mr*. Joso
phlno Gregg have arrived from Ivos An
(tnlc-H to enjoy a month with their ulster,
Mrs. James Lewis ltottrd, ut thn Palace
Hotel. Kntcrtulnmcnt in their honor is
being planned nnd much pleasure Is an
liclputcd.
Mrs. Nat r. Cole Jr., accompanied by
Miss Mabel Gale, sailed Sunday on the
Spokane for Los Angeles. Mrs. Cole has
Miss Georgina Hopkins and Frederick W.
McNear Are Married lot High Noon.
The bride Is the third daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins. She has be^n
charmingly bred and has been a decided
favorite in society. The groom is the son
of George W. McNear, the extensive
grain operator. He is a graduate of tho
University of California and Harvard Col
lege and has many strong friends in the
commercial and social world. He is also
a popular member of the University Club.
Among the wedding guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. E.'W. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs.
George Wi McNear. Mr. and Mrs. Seward Mc
,Vr:ir, Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mr. and
Mrs. William H. Taylor Jr., Captain and Mrs.
William H Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. William
Hinckley Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Earl.
Mr and Mrs. William Thomaiv Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Babcock. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott
Hobart, Mr. and Mrs. Pierce of Oakland, Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop, Mr. and Mrs.
Cyrus Walker. Mr. and Mrs. William Greer
Harrison. Dr. and Mrs. Edward Parsons, Mr.
and Mrs. Horace D. Pillsury, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank W. Griffin, Mr. and Mrs. Henry J.
Crocker. Mr. and Mrs. George Martin, Mr. ami
Mrs. Philip n. Bowles, Mr. and Mrs. Henry T.
Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Klmble. Mr.
and Mrn. Joeeph D. Grant. Mr. and Mrg.' Thur
low McMullin. Mr. and Mrs. Edson F. Adams.
Mr and Mrs. J. B. Crockett. Mr. and Mrs.
Wyatt Allen, Mr. and Mrs. 'S. W. Rosenstock,
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel T. Murphy, Mr. and Mrs.
Laurance Jrvln* Scott, Mr. and Mrs. C. OsgooJ
Hooker, Mr. and Mrs. George P. McNear, Mr.
and Mrs. Worthington Ames, Mr. and Mrs.
Peter McG. McBean, s Mr. and Mrs. A.'B. Wil
liamson. Mrs. J. A. Folger of Oakland. Mrs.
J. C. Tucker, Mrs Pedar Sather, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin. Mies lrancca hopKins, Ati&a Elizabeth
MoNear. M!as Therese Morgran, Mi8s Carrie
Taylor. Miss Edith McBean, the MUses Caro
lan.'Mlss MrKee, Miss Bertha- Dol beer. Miss
Wilcox. the Misses Josselyn. Miss Katherlne
Bennett, Mi»s Alice Owen, the Misses Haper.
Miss B*rnie Drown. M!«s Jennie Flood. Miss
Grace S:ireckels. Ml*« Ulllan gpreckels, Miaa
"Ivucille Klnc. MUs McKee. . Miss Edith Pres
ton. M'ss . Margaret Salisbury. Mies ¦ ' Emma
Grimwood. Miss Amy Bowles.* Miss Elizabeth
Center. Miss Jennie Blair. M!bj Linda Cad-
After the wedding and congratulation*
an elaborate breakfast was served, and
uround the board many more good wishes
wore offered to the happy pair. Those
beated at the bride's table were Mr. and
Mrs. William H. Taylor Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Law
rence Scott, Mr. and Mrs. Seward Mc-
Near, Kobert M. Eyre and Richard Joy
of Detroit, Mich.
After a short trip in the southern part
of the State Mr. and. Mrs. McNear will go
abroad for three or four months. Mrs.
llcls'ear's traveling gown was of dark
\iplet-cloth, trimmed with turquoise blue,
lier hat was of turquoise blue. ,
The ushers were Harry N. Stetson, Al
fred H. VVUcox, H. 1'oett nnd 11. Blmp
kins.
The laiiliM of the McNoar household
'.vim- gowned in black luce over whlto
»:ik.
Mm. Augufftu* Tuylor, 11 nlxter of tho
bride, wan K»wnc<) In black Kpunglrri net,
v.l tii a GHliiflhoroUgh hat of Muck with 11 n
ontrlch feather. She also wore a diamond
crescent and a diamond sunburst.
Mrs. William JI. Taylor, a ulster of the
bride, wore a beautiful gawti of white
rJiiiiitllly lace over fillk nnd chiffon, with
garniture of blue velvet A white laoe
llcturc hat with u blue feather completed
the toilette-. Her Jewels were a diamond
ednburtit and a diamond crown.
Mrs, E. W. Hopkins looked charming
in a rich gown of blue-gray panuo Katln.
with rare lace. 8he wore a handsome pi:i.
comprising a large Happhtre, Hurrounded
with diamonds.
The bridesmaids were Miss Bessie Mc-
Near, Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss Thereso
Morgan and Mists Edith McBean. They
were all gowned alike in white lace over
accordeon plaited chiffon of a purple vio
let color, designed in the same style as
the gowns worn by the maid of honor.
Their hats were of purple violets and
they carried bouquets of the same flower.
elbow. The costume was completed with
iong white gloves and a hat of white vio
lets. She carried a bouquet of white vio
lets. .
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLES WHO WERE UNITED IN MARRIAGE YESTERDAY.
Other Events
of Note.
The bridal gown was of white duchess
*:atin and point lace. The ekirt was cut
en train, and the bodice had transparent
yoke and sleeves of the lace. The white
ii'lie veil was held in place by a cluster
of orange blossoms. The bride wore white
gloves and carried a magniticent ehower
ljuuquet of rarest white orchids. Her
jfewt-ls were diamonds, consisting of a
l«rge sunburst, the wedding gift of Mr.
v.na Mrs. George \V. McNear, and a dia
mond crescent from the groom.
Mit-a Kranoea Hopkins, a. cousin of tho
l.rldfc. was maid of honor. She was at
tirfd lr. white lace over accordeon plaited
<:tiirton. The gown «aa cut en train,
with traneparcnt yoke and tslcevcs to the
ym T high noon yesterday Miss
/b G^orgina Hopkifls and Frederick
/a W. McNear vrcre married. The
yf § plahorate wedding* took plac? at
JL fl 1 * home of the bride's parents.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins.
Talllornla and I^acuna streets.
One hundred and fifty friends •wore
rircf=ent to witness the Impressive
ceremony and shower good wishes
upon the happy couple. Rev. F. \V.
CUuapett of Trinity Church officiated.
Tho bride was given into the keeping of
the groom by her father. Seward McNear
vas groomsman. A bower of palms and
hprlng blossoms was beautifully arranged
tot the bride ajid groom during the mar
nat'i; rites. The artistic drawing rooms
ot the Hopkins residence were lavishly
decorated •with foliage and spring flow
ci f, consisting largely ot almond
branches.
Miss holly Is
a Bride.
5
: r '¦fi3fmj<S,-e.&'?>>i»"~ "¦>.¦.¦.•-.-<.••.:•¦•'-•¦•••.• -¦ - . ¦ « .. . ¦
UNCLE SAM, (AFTER THE BANQUET): NOW. YOTJR ROYAL HIGHNESS, TAKE XCASCARET TO-NIGHT AND YOU
, ' ¦' . I WILL FEEL ALL RIGHT IN THE MORNING. IT'S THE GREAT AMERICAN MEDICINE. "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tells How Hospital Physicians
Use and Eely upon Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound.
41 Deaii Mai. T:x vlumm : — Tvrelro
f-cars continuous bcrvicc at tho sick
>rd in anise of our prominent hospi-
tals, as well as ct private homes, has
piven me varied experiences ¦with the
diseases of women. 1 have nursed somo
SII3S 'TBGIMA GBA2»-ES,
President cf N crses'Af soclatioa,\7atcrtowij^».T.
most distressing cases of inflammation
and tilceration of the ovaries and womb.
I have known that doctors used Lijdia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound when everything 1 else failed
with their patients. I have advised my
patients and friends to use it and have
yet to hear of its first failure to cure.
" Four years aj^o I had falling 1 of the
¦womb from straining in lifting 1 a heavy
patient, and knowing of the value of
your Cornpoand I began to use it at
once, and in six weeks I vras well once
more, and hare had no trouble since.
I am most pleased to have had an oppor-
tunity to tsay a few words in praise of,
your Vegetable Compound, and shall
take every occasion to recommend it." —
Mxss Virginia. GnArz3.— $5000 forfeit If
about testimonial Is not genuine.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound lias stood the test of
time, and has cturcd thousands. ,
Mrs. Plnfchnm advi&es sick wo-
men free. Address, Lynn, Blass.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
,
Troubles That Lead to
Insanity and Suicide
Result From a Dis-
eased and Disor-
ganized Nervous *
System.
PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
The" Great Banisher of Nervousness
•—-in All Its F6r'm3.
• . , . „? , ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ :
• i . •. i . . . i -i < .
Arc you a victim of nnlnm'ho'J.i. nnd rlrj
you- brood from -day to flay? Pooa thu
ahrlek of the wteam wtyatle. the ratilo
of wheola or the clangor -of. bells- cause
you to Htart nnd shiver? If this Is your
condition, be assured your case U ex-
tremely critieu!. i:r/'v ¦>¦'
. H .Id .fitting thnt.you should Investls-its
your rondltlon at one*. If you ure sleep"
|it!h, deprpflsed in spirit*,' If your mental
movement* nrtv kIow, If-yoil ure Mtihjcct
to terrifying hallucination* nnd an avrr-
alon to food, wo nay with i»U »;rirn« # «in«urt,
bewrtro of Insanity utid mildtle,
The . jKfenco of m«'«U«lno hui, thanJs
heaven, furnlahetl u mcanM fop th<« bua-
lahmont of all th<« troiiblo* r«Cerr«d to.
Pnlnn'm Ol^ry Compound In 1b<* urntt r«-
Htorcr. und builder of the wpiikQitrd tuil
Hhuttcred nervou*« uyutcm. This niurvoi-
fiUH-prpucrlptlon of I'roffHiidr lid ward H.
rhrlpD, ai. t>., I.L.U.. bcgilll It* work «ll-
rcctly on the nrrvrn by 'bracing them up;
it Mtrengthentt tliouie* an<1 mU»cic»: It
tuu«i»8 pure life giving blu»;d to How free-
ly to' every part of thy' body, carrying
hctilth.. vlKor. Joy anil , lutiipln''!"* ii;to
rach hour ut Mte. Upware nt rrmedicd
that have no rrnrit or rtputatiun to com-
mend thrm. they slmpiy aggravate ex»
lxtlnjr troubles. Ask your drugghit for
Paine's Celery Compound, the med.'clno
that never -> disappoint*.. ... . . ,
*CoMr 'anythlns a,Ty color
It's easy to dye with Diamond Dyea
simple, •uurabl':;. . BwtnnlaU.
B.l'.l.'l ' •¦ ;_¦ '¦ 1 . ¦ -JJLMJJLJ1
Solid Oak Parlor Table. 24
inches square, one only sold
to each customer, only $1.00.
Roxbury Carpet. any
amount, any pattern, sewed,
lined and laid, per yard 70c.
Great reductions through-
out the entire stock. Credit
and free delivery in Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley. We
close at six o'clock, except '
on Saturday.
• ' ¦
• FURNITURE. CO., *
33S-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square. -
>w| ||||| • flj
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
5 visit DR. JORDAN'S creat^
JfiUSEHS-eFflHaTOHYJ
A Q) i:5iUA2ssr:j.t 8 t.e:is^.:.?.Cii.>
\ SI ' u. Th * t "*?S* %t An»tomic*J Mh- n- n In the \
* V 3* W • *««%« M'«l""r f«r..l i,y ¦:.- nUie-.t T
© f g; I 5{MCtalUi on tha Coatt. |-.»e. yi y»»t%. ¦ (Q
Sf&lSA DR. J0JJCAH-DISEASE3 OF MEN A
twydfft C«o«ull«ion free »m$ «tii'|!v private \
J| X*W fi TrKtmicnt pritona'ijr nr by liner. A n
rR llW lVr,|,(,, r p™« i piii| ; o^«HIVof/J
II I BAnnUCK. MA1L3D Mil, (a"
X (I II. »»luable book for m»ni x
V f*n. JOHDAN *«., 105J JfnVlC«St..s! P. 9
TO THE PUBLIC,
¦rfJMBMyv I have been wonder-
1 itA'»'S fully cur«-fl of fits nnd oi
fv57**^N lllp trf'^blo by th<? fa-
\j-iV* y nuui herb doctor, Wong
WSiC; 7 Him. of 115-117 Mason
iff t ¦¦ •*•• S. F". I wai nearly
%Jot^! t dead w hen I came to
HJtfZlmi * >m and- the f.ti I bad
Jm^-jA^ were dreadful, but I am
jg&£i7 1 *'^ jJ^k. l«nJoylng perfect healttx
e-&t*fc**L- -*$%i'vfe ro *- x ran te " an >" oa -
t^r^^X^^i'WA* of the wonderful cure*
•^wLawScil**** he has made for me.
I came from Meridian, Sutter Couoty, C*l..
to Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of aU
my ailments. MRS. CHA9. E. DOTT.
Meridian. . Su-tter County. Cat.
January 21. 1U02-
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 6. 1000.— To whom
It may concern: This U to certify that DR.
WONG HIM. of 115-117 Mason st.. San Fr:*n-
clsco has .cured .me of kidney ¦ trouble an4
rheumatism, and I am happy ti make this
Etatement. as I find the Doctor strictly honest
In every sense of the word. And an henorabia
•man Jn all his dealings. . DR." C. A. OAY,
' Dentist. 002 Second ave.. Seattle. Wart.
December 15. 1900.— This U to certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Bright'*
disease of the. kidneys and a tumor on my ie;c
J tide. I tried a number of doctors and varioua
i remedies without affording me any relief. Thae
1 six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
; 115-117 Mason at.. San Francisco, and now
', after six months of his treatment I am entireiy
i cured and in perfect health. .1 write thi.s in my
1 appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and tliat othe?
sufferers may be relieved, and I will be clad to
certify to this Jn person to any one that ma/
call upen me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN ALLANSON.
Orchard ave.. Elmhurft. Alameda County. CaLTHE STANDARD-S. H. H., Ukiah,
Cal. There is a paper published in Phil
adelphia called the Protestant Standard.
It is issued every Thursday.
NO CONFESSION— H. B.. City. There
was no confession in the Durrant case.
ANSWERS TC) QUERIES.
duties to-day. The Chamber of Com
merce intends to extend its efforts for the
development of Northern California in
general and the country immediately trib
utary to Sacramento in particular. The
new manager will have charge of the ad
vertising of this section; of the general
organization of the work of publicity and
supervision of the details of the work of
the committees. The chamber has al
ready outlined several important move
ments looking to the development of this
city and section.
Mr. French, the new general manager,
was born In Belfast, Me., in 1SS6. He was
educated at Tufts' College, Massachu
setts, and was for fifteen years engaged In
newspaper work in Boston. Worcester
and Providence, R. I. He came to Cali
fornia three years ago, working one year
for the. San Francisco Chronicle and two
for the Sacramento Bee.
KEW GENERAL MANAGER AP
POINTED BY THE SACRAMENTO
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
St. touis is still insisting she will open her expo
sition on time, but there is something like even bet
ting in other parts of the country that she won't
.Early, in the game a New York bartender invented
a "Hohenzollern punch" "in welcome of Henry, and
nowj musical composer has ddne .a rag time march
in his honor, and if hejakes bpth of them home with
him he can give, the". Kaiser a^ 'treat that will' shake
him up from, head to .foot I
San Francisco— R. L. Knapp, at -the
Vendome; H. Wilson, at t the Broadway
Central; B. Ambler, at the Astor; H. A.
Hutler and wife, at the Manhattan: R.
C. Miller and, wife, at the Bartholdi; Mrs.
Mills, at the Albert; H. C. Van Ness, at
the Hoffman.'- ¦
- ¦•» '"¦::... ....
NEW YORK, March 5.— Tho : following
Calif ornians have arrived:
Calif ornians in New Tork.
The Governor of South Carolina thinks both Till,
man and McLaurin should be expelled from the
United States Senate, and as that would give him a
chance to get in there is no doubt of the sincerity of
the thought
E. Black Ryan, tax attorney of the
Southern Pacific > Company, has , returned
with his family- to his country residence
at Menlo Park. .
Arthur Spear, accompanied by his wife,
returned yesterday "from a honeymoon
spent at the Hawaiian Islands.
G. M/ Martin of Watsonville is at the
LJck. !
H. J. Gosse of Reno, Nev., is at the
\ S. A. Bournfield of Dawson is at the
Palace.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland Springs,
is at the Grand.
General R. H. Warfleld returned yes
terday from a trip to Honolulu. *
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judging from these reports it appears it is quite
feasible for telegraph . companies to provide a system
of communication that would be storm-proof! Even
if it would not be advisable at present to adopt the
system over the jwjiole country, it might be put
into use between the* principal cities of the Union
The system, it appears,. is quite extensive, for the
report goes on to say: "The entire New York divii'
•sion is protected by the electro-pneumatic block-sig
nals at present, as is also the main line as far west
as Paoli, and about two-thirds of the distance be
tween Altoona and Pittsburg. The ; Atlantic City
division of the West Jersey and Seashore Railroad is
also equipped and operated by the electric blocks^
The system is being extended over the lines to
Washington, and west on the main line as rapidly as
the comprehensive improvements in progress on
those lines will admit."
The New York Times speaks of it as /'an auto
matic system of block signals," and says it is not
liable to injury from accumulations of snow or ice.
Referring to the operation of the system during the
storm it says: "It is not an exaggeration to say that
the atmospheric conditions which played such havoc
with the overhead wires of the telegraph and tele
phone companies subjected it to a crucial'test. The
engineer of signals of the Pennsylvania Railroad re
ceived reports .yesterday from air portions of the
roads on which the electric system has been installed
that there was not the slightest interruption in the
operation of the signals. Although the usefulness of
over ten miles of telegraph and telephone wire was
destroyed on the New York division alone, not an
inch of the protected wire in the tubes was harmed."
Underground wires within the limits of cities are
feasible and will doubtless come in time. That
would prevent danger of death. It is not practicable,
however, to place wires under ground in the long
stretches between city and city, and consequently
some other method will have to be adopted to main
tain communication securely through the storm sea
son. It appears from reports that an available sys
tem has been already devised for such purpose and
put into operation on the Pennsylvania Railroad. It
stood the test of the late storms and seems to give
satisfaction.
ONE of the results of the recent storms in the
East, followed, as they were, by a general
collapse of telegraph and telephone wires,
has been a demand on the part of the public for the
adoption of some system that will render wires
storm-proof. Within the area of cities the collapse
of the wires meant something more than interrupted
communication;' Several persons were killed by live
wires strewn along the ground, and in commenting
upon the fatalities one writer says the alternative is
plain— "we must either bury men or bury the wires."
STORM-PROOF TELEGRAPHY.
On motion of A. C. Cleveland of Nevada
President Roosevelt was elected an hon
orary member of the association.
C. Wantland read an interesting paper
on "The" Advantages of Range Control."
"The West ought to follow out a sys
tem of symmetrical development if It Is
hoped to build up these millions of acres
of neglected country, to induce Immigra
tion, to make cities and towns, to make a
greater and a better nation through more
individual agricultural J freeholders," said
Colonel Irish, in conclusion.
Frank Benton, who has been In the cat-
tle-ralslng business for thirty years In tha
West, and who now has two ranches in
Northern Colorado and, Southern Wyo
ming, delivered an address on "Practical
Illustrations of the Leasing, System and
Its Benetlts."
• The revenue to be derived by the leas
ing of the public flomain, 400,000,000 acra.i
at 2 cents an acre, will give a total of
$8,000,000 to be used for .the construction
of Irrigation enterprises, and what will
follow? The most profitable result will be
the realizing of winter feed for stock, aa
no one will intelligently advocate the idea
of an Increase of grain acreage.
John P. Irish of California made an ad
dress in favor of the enactment of a law
to authorize the leasing of public lands.
It is necessary, he said, that the 600.000.
000 acres of forest land be preserved to
help hold the snows of winter and fur
nish the nec,essary water for the western
pioneers' homes and other uses. There
are 400,000,000 acres of land not fit for any
other use than the great one of devel
oping and growing and fattening the cat
tle, sheep and horses, and which, accord
ing to a recently published statement, by
overcrowding, was being depleted at the
rate of 5,000,000 acres a year. Further than
this, the great scramble for this grazing
country was resulting . In the loss of aOO
lives a year by sanguinary encounters.
DENVER, March 5r— Discussion of the
land-leasing question was opened in tho
American Cattle Growers' Convention this
morning.
There is nothing small nor mean about a measure
of that kind. It is generous as well as patriotic.
Washington might have) asked such things forher
seif alone, but she has been liberal. She asks only
that the nation shall support them and that the first
development of them sha 1 be at the capital as an ob
ject lesson. Just how inuch money would be-re
quired for the programme is .not estimated, but it
will certainly be. large. The surplus would be 1 noth
ing to it. There would. \c a chance to put all the
money now in the treasury, into immediate circula
tion and issue a lot of papfer money in addition.
•It is npt likely the Government will undertake the
proposed department, butj the very introduction of
the bill is itself pleasant.: \ It is conducive to good
feeling between the capital 'and the 'provinces. It
shows that we are not forgotten by the haughty as
sociates of.Embassadcrs and naval officers. The
capital may be indifferent to Vmr politics,, our morals
and our art, but it feels a \yarm interest in our phy
sical well being. The. suggestion that we should be
provided ..with public laundries and baths is itself a
proof of affection.. Had the petitioners been callous
and harsh they would have gjne no further than ; to
recommend for us the usual" [Washington, means of
purification — a coat of whitewash.
Such being the prevailing opinion on the subject,
it is gratifying to note! that the denizens of the capi
tal have really an interest in the country and are not
neglectful of the public welfare. Some of them
have induced Senator- Mason of Illinois to introduce
a bill providing for the establishment of a depart
ment of physical culture, for the purpose of promot
ing the health, beauty and happiness of the people in
every State in the Union. The bill provides that the
proposed department shall provide under national
control and at national) expense jjublic parks, play
grounds, gymnasiums, fountains, baths, laundries,
theaters and periodicals! and' enforce shorter work
ing hours and the observance of a Saturday half
holiday. !,!
OUR esteemed fellow citizens of the national
capital are supposed to be so much absorbed
in themselves as to be careless of the coun
try at large. It is, known they have no vote, belong
to no political party and take no interest in elec
tions. Furthermore, as they have neither a farming
industry, a manufacturing industry nor a commercial
industry, they care nothing about trade, tariffs or
free silver. Finally,\as they havft a society ably led
by Embassadors and supported by naval officers,
they are indifferent > to social sets in New York or
San Francisco. Hence the belief that they care noth
ing for the" outer world, but live like the epicurean
gods, indifferent to all around them.
FOR PHYSICAL CULTURE.
One of the, results of the visit of Prince *Henry is'
the instruction of the American people that the title
of the Kaiser is that of "German Emperor" and not
"Emperor of Germany." It may appear to us like a
difference .between tweedledum and tweedledee, but
among the Gerjnans it is- a difference big enough to
fight about if occasion come.
Hugh Hastings, State historian of New York, said
in a recent address before the Sons of the Revolution
at Troy: "The battle of Walloomsac — persistently
spoken of- by the New England w'riters as 'Benning
ton'—is claimed by New England historians as a
New England battle, when New England is no more
entitled to it than Pennsylvania is entitled to the bat
tle of Trenton, for the Trenton battle-field is mucli
nearer to Pennsylvania than the battle-ground of
Walloomsac is to Bennington." It is needless to
say that just now whenever the New Englanders
have to pronounce Mr. Hastings' name they froth
at the mouth.
WEST DEMANDS
THE LEASING OF
PUBLIC LANDS
SACRAMENTO, March 5.— The direct
ors of the Chamber of Commerce,
in line with a. policy of increased
activity which has been undertaken,
decided upon engaging a general man
ager, who shall . have charge • of the
details of organization and promo
tion. H. A. French was chosen to
fill the position and entered upon his new
A similar situation would develop itself if Govern
ment ownership extended to street car lines, water
works, lighting plants «or any other public utility.
The officers in charge of a municipality in possession
of a lighting plant, for example, could hardly be ex
pected to authorize competition. Progress, in effect,
halts where Government ownership begins.
This is one of the factors that should be duly re
garded in every serious consideration of the ques-"
tion of Government ownership of any kind of utility
that can be left to private hands. So long as the
Government itself keeps its hands off competition is
always possible, 1 and under the. stimulus of competi
tion or the fear of competition private, parties are
compelled to promptly adopt every improvement of
fered. No such stimulus can affect a Government.
The British example teaches the'lesson dearly. Mar
coni's telegraphy may be applied for transmitting
messages beyond the three-mile limit; of the coast,
but inland it is forbidden. *
The situation is a logical and almost inevitable out
come of Government ownership. The Postmaster
General is aware that his Government has invested
a large amount of money in telegraph lines and is
dependent upon public patronage of the lines to ob
tain a revenue to sustain them. He naturally feels
that it is his official duty to guard the lines against
competition. Progress in telegraphy is therefore
stopped until the Government itself gets ready to
adopt the improved n-ethods.
Marconi is reported to have stated the British
situation with respect to wireless telegraphy in this
way: An act incorporating telegraph lines in Great
Britain was passed by Parliament in 1870 with a
clause providing that no person may maintain tele
graph stations from rny point in Great Britain to
another point within the kingdom, but a station may
be maintained if the end of the line is in another
country- That clause, Marconi went on to say, is
now applied to his cempany. His stations used to
communicate with ships more than three miles from
the coast are of course not within the scope of the
law, for the messages pass beyond the jurisdiction
of the empire. Marconi reports that he once pointed
out to the Postmaster General that if a ship were
stranded in a fog or storm within the three-mile
limit and should telegraph for aid the Marconi sta
tions could not answer without violating the law,
whereupon the Postmaster General informed him
that in such cases there would be no prosecution.
That assurance, however, was of course unsatisfac
tory. The inventor closed his statement by saying:
"Three years ago I asked for a license for a short
inland line, but it was refused. It is very difficult to
get any concessions from them which they need 1 not
give."
BY the action of the British Government in for
bidding Marconi to establish stations for
operating wireless telegraphy within the
kingdom a striking illustration is given of one of
the evils inherent in Government ownership of pub
lic utilities. Great Britain owns and operates
telegraph lines, and as a consequence forbids private
competition. Were the lines in private hands com
petition of course would be available at any time and
would find encouragement from the public and from
the Government. There would thus be a ready wel
come for every improvement in telegraphy and every
increased facility in that kind of communication.
The Government, however, is not subject to compe
tition and holds fast to. the old way.
GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP.
Since those statements may be taken as expres
sions of public opinion in South Carolina, there is
reason to hope we are nearing the end of Tillmanism.
It was an uprising of the'people'of South Carolina
that carried him into office,- and it is now time for
another to svv«ep him out of.it forever. - - -:- -.- '.
The Boston' Journal says: "Better late than never
should ,Bbstonians, realize the danger spot they have
in the Common. For years, at : night,* the historic
.heart of the :ity has been a place to which the pru
dent and un; ccompanied person gives a wide_berth.
In the sumner it is infested with corpulent tramps
and in winte .with unspeakable brutes and highway,,
robbers." .:.L :tf. us rejoice that San Francisco is not
Boston. We • have troubles of our own, but none
Tillman, thjy say, is not a Bourbon. -He is the
man who dei ounced Bourbonism from stump to
stump, rouse< the • poor "whites, "of the up "country
against the Charleston. aristocrats," and turned the
first families' out of office and- very nearly out of
politics. These families would be. very glad to! see
both Tillman and M.cLaurin turned out of the Sen
ate. They ha re no use for ¦ either of the fighters'.
. The Charleston News and Courier, in commenting
upon the statement in-fillman's apology to the Sen
ate that he Viad ho experience. in legislative affairs
before he eirered, that body, and that his four years
of' service a.L Governor of South Carolina had un
fitted him.fp the Senate, says the apology was even
worse than; the' offense; that "there .is nothing in the
office of Governor of South Carolina to encourage
the manner^ of the prize-ring," and adds:, x "It would
be better for the State and for public decency if the
country could be spared the" humiliation of being
'represented by men who cannot control themselves.
No > punishment- that the Senate could inflict upon
the South Carolina Senators would be too severe for
their outijageous- conduct."
The Columbia State is equally severe in its con
demnatioij. It declares an inability to understand
why Tillnian and McLaurin should have become so
suddenly, fierce in the Senate when they had been de- -
nouncing each other. 1 as liars and worse for months
before the present session of Congress began. —It
says: "We are constrained to declare our regret that
Senators Tillman "and McLaurin did not carry out
their agreement of last summer to resign their seats
and appeal to the people of South Carolina for vindi
cation. And we think we can say for the white
voters of the State, without regard to faction, that
they would be glad to have an opportunity now af
forded them to vote on the fitness of Benjamin R.
Tillman and John L. McLaurin to represent them' in
the Senate of the United States." I
HOME VIEWS OF TILLMAN.
DOWN in South Carolina the "good people"
and tit press are indignant; over the asper-
Isions <ast upon their- State by the press of
the country 'g nerally in discussing the fight between
Tillman an.d' u IcLaurin. ; With 'a special earnestness
they resent tl e imputation that Tillman represents
the Bourbon element of /^ South; .Carolina, or any
other element associated 'with the old families who
ruled the State ¦from the/days of the Revolution" to
the days of liampton and Butler.
THURSDAY. .MARCH 6, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All CocEtaicttioas to W. 8. LSAKE, Keaager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prei* 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Tliir^, S. F.
* Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROO3IS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weel% '
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms l»v Mail, Including: Postnarei
DAIX/r CALL, (Including Sunday), one year .^ $8.00
3DAILT CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 8 monlhs 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5o
BUXDAT CALL. One Tear . 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions. , , v '•; :
Sample copies wIU be forwarded when requested.
Man subscribers In ordering change of address should te
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLJLXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGKESS.
Kpntgtr foreign Advertising, Karquctto Building. Chicago. .
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
. NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAItLTOX ....Herald S attar e
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTBPHE5 B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wtllerf-Astorta Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebermaa House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:-
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHXJfGTOjr (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OC G St., 5. W.
MOIITOV E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tmtfl 9:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 0:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Marker, come Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
ur.til 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
Surely such a showing as that cannot be satisfac
tory to any American. We have become the.fore
most commercial nation on the globe without suf
ficient ocean-going vessels to carry the trade of a
third-rate power. For nearly all our imports and
exports we pay tribute to foreigners. We transfer to
others the wealth that should be used in building
American ships and maintaining American seamen.
It is time to put an end to that folly.
Britain has increased from a little over 40 per cent
of the total in 1S60 to over 50 per cent In 1500. But aa
her tonnage is largely steam, she actually carries about
62 per cent of the world's goods; while ours, being still
largely sail, we carry actually not over 12 per cent of
the world's tonnage, and we probably carry less than
12 per cent of the oversea freight of the world.
Actually we have over 100.000 tons less than forty
years ago, and relatively we have sunk from 40 per
cent of the total to 17 per cent.
To obtain markets we must have the means of
transporting our goocte to any part of the globe
where the best market is to be found. There. was,
a time when we had a large share in the ocean com
merce of the world, but of late we have fallen*.be
hind, and now we have to» pay tribute to foreigners
to carry our goods for us. A recent summary of our
shipping as compared with that of Great Britain
presents the situation in this way:
"World's tonnage, 1860, 13.450,000 tons.
Of this Britain had 5.710.9G8 tons and the United
States had 5,239,175 tons.
We almost equaled Britain. We carried 40 per cent
of the world's tonnage and she a little more.
World's tonnage, 1900, 28,900,000 tons.
Of this we had 5,164,000 tons, while Britain is credited
with 14,600,000 tons. • _/~
In addition to the argument of fair play, however,
there is a special argument in favor of promoting
our ocean-going commerce. The restless energies
of our people have now reached a point where we
produce in almost all lines of industry. an amount
of goods greater than our own people can consume.
We have farm products and manufactured products
of many kinds in sufficient abundance to profusely
supply the home market and leave a surplus over.
Fob- that surplus we must either find • a market
abroad or we, shall, as the saying is, "fry in our own
fat." We shall have periods of overproduction, in
which industry will yield little or no profit, the farm
ers will be iri distress, the mills will shut down,
workingmen will be unemployed and we shall have
hard times in the midst of plenty.
A protective system becomes justifiable only when
it is applied equally to all the industries of a people.
If we protect American industries on land we should
also protect American industries on the seas. The
American sailor ought not to be the only American
workingman who is left exposed to the competition
of foreign labor, nor should the ship-owner be the
only American whose property and capital is demed
a fair degree of protection against the subsidized en
terprises of foreign capitalists. •
SENATOR FRYE'S strong presentation of the
merchant marine bill gives encouragement to
the expectation that Congress will at last
enact this measure of justice* to one. of the greatest
interests of our people. Measures providing for an
increase of our ocean-going commercial fleets have
been long under consideration and the public. is
fairly familiar with the arguments on either side."
The Republican party has repeatedly pledged itself
to enact some measure for that purpose and the peo
ple have sustained it. The debate, therefore, ought
to be deemed complete. It has been heard, consid
ered and voted on, and the judgment of the people
has been in favor of the measure.
THE SHIPPING BILL.
CRIMINOLOGY
THE TOPIC OF
POLICE CHIEFS
The newly organized Association of
Chiefs of Police of the Pacific States con
cluded Its session yesterday and ad
journed until the second Tuesday in Au
gust, when it will rneet at Portland. Or.
At the meeting held yesterday morning
and afternoon in the Police Commission
ers' chamber at the Hall of Justice the
heads of the various police departments
on the coast discussed many Interesting
and Important subjects bearing on polica
matters. They discoursed long and in
tently on the social evil and handled tho
subject without gloves. Chief Wlttman.
Chief Sullivan of Sacramento. Chief Elton
of Los Angeles. Chief Hodgklns of Oak
land, Chief Rawle of Santa Cruz and
Chief Reynolds of Butte. Mont., oil Joined
In giving tho association their views en
the various methods of controlling the so
cial evil, which they deemed necessary in
all larire cities. '
Then the subject of criminals In all their
various classifications was taken up.
Nearly every member of the association
recited interesting incidents of detecting
criminals and identifying them by the
different methods they have at their com
mand. The Bertilllon system, adopted by
the National Identification Bureau. wa9
discussed at length. Chief AVittman im
parting to the members of the association
considerable Information he collected on
the subject during his trip of Investiga
tion throughout the various large cities of
the East and while attending the mectlnff
of the police authorities from all over tho
United States held at Atlanta some time
ago. Chief M'ittman explained the Ber
tlllion system In detail.
Will Induce Co-operation.
Chief Elton of Los Angeles stated that
the system was extensively used in hl3
department and he said Le had found it
a practical and efficient method of iden
tifying criminals. After the discussion
Chief Sullivan of Sacramento moved that
the members of the association take Im
mediate steps to induce the Board of Su
pervisors or County Trustees of the sec
tions over which they have control to In
stall the Bertilllon system.
The members of the association becama
quite chatty on this Important subject ana
Judging from the drift of the conversation
they will go back to their homes with the
firm intention of taking more Interest in
the exchange of photographs of criminals
and suspects and the work of assisting
their colleagues in the apprehension of
criminals wanted In other sections. This
feature is one of the principal ones con
templated by Chief Wlttman when ho
called the chiefs of the coast cities to
gether.
At the mornlnjr session Chief Wlttman
was elected president of the association.
Chief Elton of Los Angeles was elected
vice president and Chief Hodgklns of
Oakland was elected secretary and treas
urer. *•':¦'„"
Warmly Indorse Chief Kidwarcl.
Hearing that'chlef Kldward of San Joso
was about to resign his position as the
head of the Police Department of that
city, the association adopted the following
resolution:
Whereas. Our esteemed colleague, James A.
Kldward. Chief of Police of San Jose, has an
nounced his intention of resigning bis office,
which he has so ably filled for the past eight
years, and to retire to private life; *and
whereas, he has by his uniform courtesy and
prompt attention to police matters and his
firm demeanor in dealing 'with criminals mads
himself a. necessity In police- ' work on this
coast.' Therefore be it
Resolved, by . the Association of Chiefs of
Police of the Pacific Slope In convention as
sembled. That should he persist in his deter
mination* to resign the law-abiding citizens of
this coast in general and the citizens of San
Jose In particular would suffer a loss that will
not be easy Jo replace and the association
would lose one of Its most valued and active*
iremSers. ' V * "- j'; ¦'-¦»
The above resolution, which fe quite a
compliment to Chief Kldward's efficiency
as a police official, was introduced by
Chief Sullivan of Sacramento and ur.ai
mously adopted. The convention ad
journed at 5 o'clock to enjoy a banquet,
which opened at 6 o'clock at an uptown
restaurant. The banquet, which was a
very enjoyable affair, was tendered by
Chief of Police Wlttman. Chief Wlttman
has other entertainments in view for hi3
guests, which will be enjoyed by them be
fore they leave for their homes.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California place fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. baa
keta. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st.. Palace Hotel bulldlnff. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
, , '1 ¦!' . -..- -:. ~ — r 7~' r ~~~"' ¦ ¦
and between large cities^ and their, immediate : subur
ban townS wHere prompt communication is a matter
of high importance. We do not, suffer from storms
on this coast- as they do in the East, but even here,
as recent experiences" show, -the/' adoption -of the
Pennsylyanii system would be a great, advantage.,
CAPITAL CITY BUSINESS
MEN PLAN PROGRESS
THE SAN FRAffCISCO ; , CAI/L, THTTKSDAY, MARCH 6, 1902.
SECRET SERVICE— R; J£ S., City. The
secret service in connection with rail
roads is a sort of detective system for the
purpose of investigating certain matter
that the company wishes private informa
tion about.
¦_ *
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central — "The Last Stroke."
Alcazar — "At the White Horse Tav«ra."
Columbia — "Arizona."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Contented Woman."
Fischer's Theater — "The Frencji Maid."
California — "Rupert of Hentzau."
Tivoli — "The Serenade."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville vnry afternoon and
evening.
Metropolitan Hall— Miss Leonora Jackson, Friday night.
Metropolitan Hall—Emma Nevada, Saturday afternoon.
Sherman-Clay Hall — Song Recital Tuesday night, March 11.
Woodward's Pavilion— Winter Circus.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALEST
By J. J. Doyle — This day, at 11 o'clock, contents of Stables,
at SIC Mission street.
' „_.-.„
Should Society Women Give
Afternoon Teas on Sunday?
Can Yov Describe Your Best Friend So
That the Police Would Recognize Him?
ANOTHER TEST NEXT SUNDAY.
Character Study o! the Man Who Dis-
' covered Tonopah. -
. . BY ALFRED DEZENDORF.
The Women of Washington Who Re-
ceived Prince Henry.
Don't Overlook the Wollville Stories.
Read "firocKman's Maverick." !
Club Women Suggest a New Cure lor
Insanity.
The Operatic r Sensation of the East
The Svnday Call Magazine Section Contains More -
Western Stories Than All OHicr San Francisco
; Svnday p ap2 rs Combined. - ¦* ..„ „ „
1 v- * BHIIHMHK1B&.BUNDLE OF GREEN HIDES DETAINS
ALAMEDA AT QUARANTINE STATION
BARKENTINE .NOW ON WAY
TO EUREKA IN TOW OF TUG
DEFIANCE. M ¦
NANAIMO — Arrived March 4 — Aus stmr
Maria, hence Feb 28, to sail Sth for San Fran
cisco.
HAMBURG— Sailed March 2 — Ger stmr Pen
taur, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed March 1— Stmr New
port, for San Francisco; stmr Acapulco, for
MAZATfJAN— Sailed March 4. 4 p m— Chll
stmr Palena, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived March 4 — Br ship
John Cooke, hence Oct 11. .
CALLAO — Arrived prior to March 4 — Schr
El Dorado, from Port Blakeley.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Arrived March 5 — Baric
Oregon, from Melbourne.
Sailed Feb 26 — Br ship Westgate, for San
Francisco.
FALMOUTH — Arrived March 4 — Br ship
Celtic Chief, hence Oct 10.
LEITH — Arrived March 4 — Fr bark Cam-
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mareh 4 — Stmr Fl
nanco, for Colon.
HOQUIAM — Sailed March 5— Stmr San
Pedio, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 3 — Stmr Newbursr, from San
Francisco; stmr G C Lindauer, from San Fran
cisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 2G— U S stmr
Warren, hence Feb 17.
Sailed Feb 24 — Bark Kate DavenDort. for
Port Townsend; II BM stmr Phaeton, for Es
quimalt.
Sailed Feb 24^ — Stmr Coptic, for San ! Fran
cisco. Feb 26 — Stmr Alameda, for San Fran
cisco.
To sail Feb 2G — Bktn Planter, for San Fran
cisco; bark Helen Brewer, for New York, via
Hilo.
HILO— Sailed Feb 24— Schr Allen A. for Port
Towr.send.
GRAYS % HARBOR— Sailed March 4— Stmr
San Pedro, for San Francisco; stmr Santa
Barbara, for San Pedro.
Arrived March 5 — Stmr Newburff. hence
March 2; stmr G C Lindauer, hence March 2.
SEATTLE — Arrived March !> — Stmr Queen,
hence March 2; stmr Progreso. hence Feb 28.
Sailed March 5— Stmr Farallon, for Skag
way. •
Sailed March 5— Br ship Dudhope, for United
Kingdom. *
PORTLAND — Sailed March 5 — Stmr Alcalde,
for Son Francisco. ,
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed inward March
S — Schr Meteor, from San Pedro; chip St Paul,
from Manila: four-masted ship; stmr Queen,
hence March 2.
Arrived March 5 — Bktn Newsboy, from
Honolulu; Ger bark Schlffbek, from Santa Ro
salia.
Sailed inward March 5 — Nor stmr Horda.
from Shimonosekl: Nor stmr Guernsey, from
Tsintau; snhr E K Wood, from Santa Rosalia.
NEW WHATCOM — Sailed March 4 — Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco.
TO SAIL.
Changes of Captains.
Captain Todd has been appointed to the
schooner Duxberry, Captain Hughes .to
the schooner Lily and Captain Olsen to
the schooner Guide. x
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 5— Stmr Cevlc.
from Llveri>ool.
Sailed March S — Stmr Philadelphia, for
Southampton; stmr Southwark. for Antwerp;
stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Sailed March 0— Stmr Pen
tauer, for San Francisco; stmr Phoenician, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 5— Stmr Waes
land. for Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Railed March 5— Stmr Sax
onia. from l.-iverjcool, for Boston.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived March 6— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamnunr. and proceeded. \
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived March 5— Stmr
Noordland. from Philadelphia, for Xilverpool:
stmr Teutonic, from New York, for Liverpool,
and both proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 6— Stmr
St Louis, from New York.
GIBRALTAR — Passed March 5 — Stmr Gleti
shield. from Tacoma and Seattle, via Yoko
hama, Hongkong, etc, for London; stmr Hy
den, from Clyde and Liverpool,- for China,
Japan and Seattle.
HAVRE — Arrived in the roads — Stmr Sesos
frls, from San Francisco, via Valparaiso. Mon
tevideo, etc, and St Vincent, C V, for Ham-
KOBE— Sailed March 4— Stmr Pak Ling, fo-
Seattle and Tacoma, via Yokohama, for Liv
erpool.
bronne, hence Oct 5.
LIMERICK— Arrived March 4— Br shiD Cam
brian Hill*, hencf Nov 16.
PORT SAID — Arrived March 4 — Br stmr Sat
surua. from New York, for Manila.
RUNCORN — Arrived March 4 — Fr bark Nan
tes, from Astoria.
ST MICHAEL— Arrived March &— Br «tmr
Oronsay, from Yokohama.
USHANT— Passed March 4— Ger ship Sesos
tria. hence Nov y, for Hamburg.
ST HELENA— Passed March 4— Ship E B
Sutton, from Hlogo, for New York.
GENOA — Sailed Feb 28 — Ger stmr HathOr.
for Bar, Francisoo
HO:- CONG — Sailed Feb 23 — Ger bark No
mia. fr-r San Francisco.
PENANG— Sailed Jan 13— Br stmr Queen
Mary, for Vancouver.
LADYSMITH — Arrived March 8 - Ship
Charmer, hence Jan 31.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Feb 2S— Schr Solano.
for" Pert Townsend.
VICTORIA— Arrived March 6— U S stmr
Grant, from cruise: Nor ahlp Prince Louis,
from Honolulu.
Passed ud March 5 — Ger ship Schlffbek, fro*n
Santa Rosalia, for Tacoma. .
FROM SEATTLE.
Shipments of Breadstuffs.
The British bark Pomona was cleared Tues
day for Queenstown for orders, with 40,360 ctls
wheat, valued at $45,405, and -16,000 feet of
lumber as dunnage, valued at $250.
The British bark Llmena was cleared yester-
Steamer. ¦ Destination. Sails, j Pier.
Jlnrch O. I
Chehalls... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier —
S.Monica.. Humboldt 4 pm Plet !!
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor I f> puffier 2
Rival ... Willana Harbor ...I 5 cmil'ier Pi
Arcata Cooa B. & Pt. Orf'd| 4 pm|Pier 13
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma.. ilu um.i-ier
Marcli 7. | I
R. Dollar.. Seattle & Hadlock.| 0 pmJPler 2
borma ,\t»»pon Si u..t.» . is, (.».... , r . : - ;.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amiPier i>
MurcU S. I i
Pomona Humbcldt jl:30 piPier »
Pt: Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPier 2
San Jose... Panama &. Way Pts 12 m|PMSS
Alameda. . . Honolulu ' • • • • ¦ I '2 pmlPier ?
Blarcl* ». | j
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 110 amjPier 11
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma ..10 amiPier-'U
Spokane... San Diego & Way..| 9 am|Pler 11
u. VV. Eldei Astoria At PonlandiU unifier j*
North Fork Huirholdt ! 9 am'Pier 'J
Mnrcli 1O. - I
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor ,5 pm|Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 3 pmjPier 1J
Eureka.... IHumboldt 0 uui fits io
Mnrcli '11. (
Isis 'Hamburg & Way |Pler 27
Coos Bay., ban 1-edro <& Way.. U amit'ier xi
•Marcli 12. |. ,|
State Cal ' Pan Uk-so & Way., n amiKler 11
Palena ''Valparaiso & W&y. . 12 mlPier' 10
Mandalay !.j Coquille .River .... 10 am .Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier . 0
Rainier.... i Seattle &N. What. 5 pm|Pier 2
I March 13. i
Coptic ... China & Japan 1 pmiPMSS .
March 14.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pmjPler S
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlnnd'U iimPUr 2K
Mnrcli -15. {
Lak-ue Astoria & Portland-! |Pler —
To China— !)248 bbls flour, 1SCG lbs ham TOO
cs assorted canned goods, 233 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 200 lbs dried fruit 1400 lbs
ginseng, 5 pkgs bicycles, 43 pkgs fresh fruit,
1 2 cs liquors, 1 pkg machinery, 27,500 lbs uearl
barley, 42 cs rubber goods, 490 cs canned sal
mon, 103 cs whisky, 1 cs wine
¦ To Japan— 1200 bbls flour, 400 bales cotton
6 pkgs bicycles and sundries 1300 Ib3 butter
44 cs assorted canned goods, 000 lbs dried fruit'
i cs drugs, 4 pkgs electrical supplies 283 DkKs
groceries and provisions, 01 pkgs leather 02$
lbs meal, 2 pkgs machinery, 20 cs rubber goods
12 cs rubber shoes, 112,000 lbs soda ash 00 US5
lbs tanbark, 2157 gals wine, 5 cs wire' '
To Manila— 610 bbls flour, 1510 cs 5 bbls sal
mon, 23,375 lbs ham and bacon, C370 Ib3 lard*
2916 cs canned goods, 14,520 lbs meal, 17,000
lbs codfish, 20,173 lbs feed oats, 10,110 lbs dried
fruit, 6000 lbs coffee, 12.025 lbs bread Is 007
lbs beans, 5810 lbs dried peas, 3740 lbs salt
4«2 lbs butter. 1250 lbs raisins, 450 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 40 cs candles, 40 C3
ammonia, 18 pkgs stoves, 40 cs liquors 12 era
bathtubs, 80 pkgs plumbing material,' 25 cs
soap, 15 cs matches, 58 cs honey, 28 cs sta
tionery, 17 pkgs machinery. 97 cs rubber goods
SO bdls shooks, 82 bxs type, 12 pkgs electrlcai
supplies, 34 cs shoes. 149 pkgs hardware 5 cj
leather 24 cs fresh fruit, 19 pkgs palAt. tiO
bbls salt fish, 8 pkgs automobiles and fixtures
130 cs olives, 205 cs pickles.
To East Indies — 3612 lbs ham and bacon 13S0
lbs meal, 021 cs canned salmon, 3C2 cs assort
ed canned goods, 25 cs whisky, 4'cs dried fru't
118 pkgs groceries and provisions. 41 pkgs mal
chlnery. ; ...
To Korea — 1C7 pkgs groceries and provisions
6 pkgs hardware, 1 cs dry goods.
The steamer Peru, which sailed yesterday
for Hongkong and way ports carried mer
chandise for China valued at $47,777; Japan
$43,2U7; Manila, $60,10S; East Indies S7.T'o'
Korea. $1241. The following were the prin
cipal exports:
*Exports to the Orient.
The Norwegian steamer Horda was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat at Tacoma for St.
Vincent for orders, 3Cs 3d; option of Mediter
ranean or Stettin, 37s 6d, chartered prior to
arrival.
The German ship Schlffbek loads wheat ut
Tacoma for Europe at 31s 3d, chartered prior
to arrival.
The French bark Marthe Roux will load
wheat here for Europe at 25s (ten lay days).
The French bark General Faidherbe loads
wheat at Portland for Europe at 2Bs.
The fcarkentine Newsboy is chartered for
lumber on Puget Sound for Sydney at 40s
option of -Melbourne or Adelaide, 47s 6d or
Noumea (private terms), prior to arrival '
The British ship Bann is chartered for lum
ber on Puget Sound for Calcutta at CDs, prior
The ship Roanoke loads salmon tl Seattle
for Iscw York, lump sum.
<«&£$ wilKload general
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
'Steamer.. I . . •> From. . - ¦ . j Due.
Chehalls San Pedro |Mar. C
M. Dollar.... San Pedro Mar.' 0
Edith Seattle Mar. ' 6
Point Arena . . ¦ Point Arena Mar. 6
Aztec .Tacoma Mar. B
Oregonian. . . .'New York Mar. C
S. Portland.. [Coos Bay Mar. C
I'ornoiw IHumboldt Mar. »i
S.Monica...: San Pedro Mar. 6
North Fork.. Humboldt Mar.' 6
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria Mar. fl
Spokane Pan Diego & Way Ports. Mar. <1
San Pedro... Grays Harbor Mar. 7
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom Mar. 7
KureVa Humboldt Mar. - 8
City Puebla. . Pupet Sound Ports . . .-. Mar. 8
Paler.a Valparaiso,* Way Pts.lMar./ 8
Isls Seattle ./. |Mar. 8
Tltania iNanalmo Mar. 6
Pleiades Seattle |Mar. "J
Argyll |N?w York via Far.ama.iMut. U
Maria I Ntfnaimo Mar. 9
Mandalay Coquille River Mar. 1)
State of Cal.. Diego & Way Ports. Mar. 0
Ventura. .... Sydney & Way Ports. . . Mar. 10
Newport Panama & Way Ports... Mar. 10
Amer. Maru. . China & Japan Mar. 11
Columbia.... Portland ft Astoria Mar. 1 1
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. |Mar. 32
Queen Pujret Pound Ports :>lar. It
<5. Dollar Grays Harbor 'Mar. 14
HeriT"-:ithIs.. Hivhurir v'b Wf '>a>t.: -i-.r. !5
Moos Eay San Pedro & Way Ports. | Mar. 1C
clay for the same port with 30. 62S half-sacks
flour, equivalent to 18,314 barrels, valued ¦ at
$55,858. The vessel carried 18.000 ieet of
lumber as dunnage, valued at $270.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
¦. Captain John Barneson, marine super
intendent of the transport service at this
port, has tendered his resignation to Gen
eral Long, to take effect at the general's
pleasure. The resignation will be accept
ed, but Captain Barneson will continue
in charge of the transport dock until his
successor has been appointed. Captain
Barneson leaves the Government service
to go into the shipping business on his
own account.
Captain Barneson Resigns.
TACOMA — Arrived March 5 — Stmr Meteor,
from Seattle: Br stmr Glenosle, from Hong
kong. . . -
Sailed March 5 — Stmr Al-Kl, for Skagway.
Arrived "March 5 — Nor stmr Guernsey, from
Tsintau.% . »
Arrived March 5 — Stmr Czarina, hence Fob
28: Nor stmr Horda, from Shimonosekl. '.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March 5— Schr
Meteor, from San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived March &— Stmr Aber
deen, from Redondo; stmr Westport, from
Trinidad; U S stmr Farragut, from cruise.
Sailed March 5 — Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka;
stmr Santa Monica, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed March 5— Stmr George W
Elder, for San Francisco. <*
REDONDO- Sailed March 5— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Francisco.'
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed March 5— Br
stmr Wyefleld, for Nanaimo.
NE AH BAY — Passed out March 5 — Br ship
Robert Duncan, from Tacoma, for Queens
town. '• ¦
EUREKA — Arrived March 1 — Sehr Eva, from
Honolulu: schr Serena Thayer, from San Pedro.
Sailed March 1 — Schr Lottie Carson, for San
Pedro. • .
Arrived March G— Schr Scotia, hence 4th.
VENTURA — Arrived March 5 — Stmr George
Loomis, hence March 4, and sailed for . San
Francisco.
" EOWENS LANDING— Arrived March 4—
Stmr Luella, hence March 3.
Sailed March 4^ — Schr Archie and Fontie, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, March 5, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 50 miles par hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Jan IS, lat 18 S, Ion 22 W — Br ship Achna
shje, hence Oct 9, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
Wednesday, Marc h 5.
Schr Lily, Hughes, hence to-day for Ump
.qua, on account of strong SE winds.
Pilot-boat Pathfinder, returned to port to-day
on account of strons SE winds.
SAILED.
Wednesday, March 5.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle. Portland, Or.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Emrire, Macsenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Peru, Pillsbury, Manila,' Hongkong. Yo
kohama and Honolulu,
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diesro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka.
, Br shin Glenogle, Davie3, Queenstown.
Bark Annie Johnson, Williams, Hilo.
-Fr bark Gen de Boisdeffre, ilace, Queens
town. ..'
-Schr Lily, Huches, Umpqua River.
RETURNED.
CLEARED,
Wednesday, March 5.
Stmr William Baylies, '001116, whaling
cruise; Wm Lewis.
Srmr Peru, Plllsbury, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mall SS Co.
Bark Annic» Johnson, Williams, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. *
Br bark Llmena, Sandison, Queenstown;
Sperry Flour Co.
Schr Premier, Olsen, "Elaine; Alaska Pack
ers' Association. * . •
Schr Duxbury, Todd» Orca, via Cooks Inlet;
Pacific Packing and Nav Co.
Wednesday, March 5.
¦Stmr Del Norte, Green, 44 hours from San
Pedro. . •
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, 6 days 15 hours
from Honolulu. •
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 40 hours from Eureka.
Ger ship Willkommen, Freese, 34 days from
Callao.
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, 18 days from Ma
kawell.
Schr R W Bartlctt. Nielsen, 11 days from
Grays Harbor.'
Schr Melanothon, Olson, 12 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Backman, 20 days
from Tacoma.
Schr Fortuna, Ollson. 3% days from Eureka.
Schr Novelty, Rosendal, 20 days from Wil
lapa Harbor.
Schr Gotama, Olsen, 11 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Gen Banning, Bennerwltz, 27 days from
Tres Marias.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the moan
of the lower low waters.
the transport tender Slocum.
The Peru carried cabin passengers as
follows:
For Honolulu— Marston Campbell, Mrs. Mar
ston Campbell and child, A. H. Geffeney, Lee
Han, F. Peterson - and wife, Mrs. C. Rivira,
John F. Robeson and Mrs. D. E. Whitman and
infant.
Yokohama — Mrs. Harry Eppinger and child,
Mrs. M. Falise, M. B. Mlltenberger and J. E.
Smith.
Nagasaki— Miss Mae Evans and Charles D.
Tenny.
Manila — T. D. Aitken, Harry Eppinger, Mrs.
G. F. Holtzclaw and two children. F. Petersen,
Mrs. A. W. Prautch and W. Quinan.
Hongkong — Charles Freeman, «^iarry Reeves,
and Captain D. H. Ward. i
To Join at Honolulu— Mrs. L. H. Collins, Mrs.
J. S. Miner and L. R. Tuttle.
Steamer. For. ; ¦ i . ) Sails.
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar.. -6
Dolphin SkaKwny «: Wav Ports, i Mar. «
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 12
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way. Port3. Mar. VZ
DlrlRo. ...... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 11
E Thompson. CooUs Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Mar. 15
United States Coft«t and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High Rnd Low
Waters at- Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. , . '.
NOTE^ — The high and low ; waters occur at
the city front ' (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY, MARCH 0.
Sun ; rises ... .....' . 6 :."M
Sun sets (j : os
Moon rises .... ... ....:. 4 :01 a. m.
O- Time Time Time Time '«
f° Ft. . Ft. Ft. Ft.
is L W - H W ' L ; W H W
6~| 2:30 2.fl 8:35 4.8 3:12 ~bT5 ioTlO "T<5
7 8:18 2.6 0:23 6.0.3:50 0.4 10: it» 49
8 3:08 2.2 10:10 5J ,.4:30|" 0.5 11:17 o'o
9 4:3:i • 1.8 10:57 5.2 5:09 0.7 11:45 6 1
10 5:22 1.4 11:45 6.2-5:47 1.0!..... . '
H.W . ¦ L W H W IL" W
11 0:15 5.1. 6:09 1.112:33 5.016:25" 14
12 0:47 5.2 0:55 0.S 1:2S ' 4.81 7:05 - l.'s
iNOTE — In the .'above, exposition of this tides
the early, morning tides, are given in the left
hand .column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- the*
fourth time column gives . the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, a3
Bometlmes. occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
.-.Vii; ¦¦¦'.-•¦'" ¦ . ¦• - • ¦• ' — - ¦ : r ¦¦ ¦ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV THURSDAY,: MARCH 6, 1902.
The sailing of the Peru was delayed for
several hours while the mail from the
quarantined transport Meade was being
transferred to the Pacific Mail boat from
The steamship Peru . sailed yesterday
for Honolulu, Japan. China and Manila.
She Is the first of the ocean liners to call
at Manila and inaugurates a regular ser
vice to that port, which will be main
tained by the steamships of the Pacific
Mail Company, the Occidental and Orien
tal Company and the Toyo Kisen Kaisha.
The Peru carried a very heavy cargo, I the
merchandise for Manila alone being val
ued at more than $00,000.
Inaugurates Manila Service.
W. N. Armstrong. A. J. Brander, J. A. Bar
clav, wife and child; Mrs. W. Booth, child and
maid; A. L. Cressy and wife, H. Cook," J. - C.
Cracknell. O. II. Dunbar. P. A. Deas and wife.
William A-. Day. J. Mahoney, Mrs. S. Dovey,
Mrs. EaKin, Miss Gerstle. Dr. Grosman, J. E.
Grosman. P. H. Gallen. A. R. Gavorey. N. M.
Husted, C. J. Harper, Samuel Henry, Mr. Ha
gencamp and ¦wife, J. A. Johnson, wife and
child; G. W. King and wife, Miss Kauffmann,
M. M. Kohm. J. W. Keen, P. Lilienthal, wife
and maid; Master Lilienthal. -Miss Lilienthal,
Mrs. 3. Lilienthal. W. P. Lord. . P. Menga.ll.
Mrs. SA. J. McKinney and child, C. Mallath.
J. D. McGamrn, J. S. Newinann, Nattier O.
Nelll, L. A. Kostin, wife and child; Mrs. C.
J. Rapp, K. C. Reimenschel, R. Schermerhorn,
Dr. Shaw, Miss R. Sandos, W. B. Stanford,
Dr. Saul. J. R. Saul. A. W. Spear and wife.
Miss M. L. Dayton, Joseph Sims and wife, Mr.
Langerman, C. B. Thompson and wife, J. A..
Temple. W. P. Thomas. Mrs. T. B. Wilson.
Mrs. C. H. Wells. M. Weed, Mrs. Weed.
HE Oceanic steamship Alameda
I arrived yesterday from Honolulu.
I Eecause the quarantine officials
11 were- not satisfied that certain
green hides in her cargo had been"
fumigated before being placed on board,
the vessel was ordered to quarantine in
order that that formality might be ob
served. The cabin passengers were trans
ferred to the tug Alert and landed at the
Oceanic dock. The Alarneda was allowed
to proceed to her dock as soon as the of
fending hides had been fumigated.
The Atameda encountered terrific weath
er on her voyage to Honolulu and was
rather disagreeably treated by the ele
ments on the return trip. She brought a
large number of passengers and a heavy
p°X Lilienthal of the Anglo-Calif ornlan
*3ank was on board with hl3 family. The
banker expressed himself as well pleased
-with Honolulu and the banking prospects
there. . " . . ¦
Among the passengers was Arthur
Spear and his wife, who have been spend
ing tlieir honeymoon in the islands.
The cabin passengers were: " .'
7
AMUSiSMiJPSrTSL
Assisted by MR. FRANK ERWIN RODOLPH,
Barytone.
SATURDAY, MARCH 8,
—AT—
SHERMAN, CLAY SCO. HALL
AT 3 P. M.
Programme: Part I — 1, Martha, overture
(Flotow). Throughout this selection violin,
flute end oth.er orchestral effects (obtainable
only with the Angelus) will be noticed; 2, (a)
Kamennoi, Ostrow (b) In My
Neighbor's Garden, op. 25, No. 1 (Kevin) 3,
Valse de Concert (Sii-veking) : 4. sons. "Dear
Heart" (Mattel), Mr. F. K. Rodolph; 0. Detec-
tions. The Singing Girl (Herbert). Intermis-
sion. During the intermiesion the following se-
lections will be rendered by the "Victor" Mon-
arch Disk Talking Machine: (a) Always, bary-
tone solo' (Herbert Gocdard); (b) Intermezzo,
Forever (Sousa's Band); (c) Drinking Song,
""Martha," barytone <Flg. E. Francisco. Part
II — 6, Polonaise, op. J7. No. 1 (McszkowEki);
7. Nocturne, op. 37, No. ¦ 1 (Chopin) ; 8, In
Cupid's Net (Chapln): (a) In Cupid's Bower,
(b) In Moonlight, (c) In Danger, (d) In Cupid's
Net; 9, song. "Mona" (Adams), Mr. F. E Ro-
dolph; 10, Sonata (Moonlight), op. 27, No. 2
(Beethoven). All vocal selections accompanied
by the Angelus. Stelnway piano used. The
following selections will be rendered by the
"Victor" Monarch Disk Talking Machine:
(a) When You Were Sweet Sixteen (J. W.
Myers and Metropolitan Orchestra), (b) Ro-
manza, flute tolo (D. A. Lyons), tc) Overture.
William Tell (Sousa's Band).
Tickets can be obtained gratis at Sherman,
, Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
METROPOLITAN HALL.
MATINEE NE~XT SATURDAY.
Last appearance here — The peerless diva, Mmei
/
Supported by PABLO CASALS, LEON MO-
REAU and DAN' L MAQUARRE in a
Superb Programme.
Seats row on sale at Sherman & Clay's.
METBOPOUTABHAIL-EXTBA.
TO-MOBEOW ..(Friday) EVE., Blardi 7.
The Famous American Violin Virtuoso, MISS
Leonora Jackson,
Supported by Harry J. Fellows, tenor, and Wm.
Bauer, pianist,
IN A BRILLIANT PROGRAMME.
Seats now on sale at Sherman & Clay's.
PRICES— 50c, $1, $150.
CHUTE|_*nd ZOO
THE GREAT CYCLE WHIRL!
And a HOST OF VAUDEVILLE CELEBRI-
TIES.
Aquatic Sports on the Lake.
SPECIALTO-NIGHT!
THE 'AMATEURS
And a FAT LADIES' POTATO RACE.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
fiHl^ RACING
4$£ir'* mm '*"¦* *• I- very Week Day —
\2r Rain or Shins.
NcW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUii
OAKLAND RACETRACK. .•
Races start at 2: IS P. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:3<J, 1, 1:30. 2, 2:^0 and* 2 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect .with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteentn
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
to direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
KATHARINE FISK
THE FAMOUS CONTRALTO,
4 SONG RECITALS
TUESDAY and FRIDAY Nights. March 11-14.
THURSDAY and SATURDAY Afts., Mar. 13-15
. • AT
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO 'S HALL
Reserved Seats on sale this morning," Sher-
man, .Clay & Co.'s, where complete programme
may be obtained. 75c, $1, $ 1 50.
ADVEBTISKKENTS.
Little Children '
can safely take this famous well-
known remedy. Made entirely of
herbs, warranted free from mer-
cury, and poisonous substance, that
is why everyone likes
Beecham's
V HIS.
. . ¦ '''- Bold ETerywnero— In boxes 10c. and 250.
v — ¦ — .
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
kH OLD AND WELHRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Drusrffists In every part of
the. world. Be sure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S -SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five CAts a Bottle. ''.
1 AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY
EVEP.T EVENING THIS WEEK.
One of America'* Foremost Comedians, In
Chas. Hoyt's Greatest Comedy,
A Contented Woman.
THE BIGGEST HIT TET.
FOPULATt PRICES — 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 20c.
NEXT WEEK
Gecrje Ober in "The House That Jack Built."
SPECIAL! FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
LAST SYMPHONY CONCERT
(Second Series.)
PAUL ETEINDORFF. Director. '•
Seats — SI SO. ?l t 75c and 50c. at -Sherman
Clay & Co.'s.
t FULL OF ACTION, COLOR
i AND INTEREST.
A Magnificent Production!
SEATS FOR XEXT WEEK NOW READY.
Augustus Thomas' Peerless American Play,
Every Night (Including Sunday).
MATIXEE SATURDAY.
vaudevillITwonders!
THE TENT KELSONS; THE ATJEES;
EVA MUDGE; B3XLY CI,IFFORI>,
AliT> THE BIOGKAFH. TjAST
TIMES OF "WOODS AND MOSS;
KUGENTANDFZRTIG; PROBY2T
LADIES' QTJAETET, AND THE
THBEE MEERS-
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, ttOc.
TO-D/\Y.
Special Matinee To-day and Saturday
THE PKbONita Ui Z MDk
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
Anthony Hope's Great Romance,
Rupert of entzau,
A Sequel to "The Prisoner of Zenda."
Complete Original Production.
Splendid Cast — Handsome Costumes.
NEXT— Bartley Campbell's Immortal Play
"THE WHITE SLAVE." ¦
SEATS THURSDAY. •
flYHiATRa^A?
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
Tonight and AH Week!
A BIG SUCCESS EVERYWHERE!
AX THE
White Horse Tavern
A Big Production of & Clever Play.
Eeautifu! Alpine Scenery — Great Cast.
Feats on Sale 6 Daye in Advance.
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c, 50c and 75c.
Next— "A COAT OF MANY COLORS."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
Hear "THE FUNNY SIDE OF THAT"
In the Magnificent Production of the GREAT
HIT OF THE
BOSTONIAWS,
THE .
IT'S TURNING THEM AWAY..
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 3.
BEBASCO *"*> THAlCSjr^im
.m-^ "^ 4EMJS? CtTTKAU
TO-NIGHT-AU
this week. 1 H I
Matinee Sat'dy I ITB M
end Sunday. A. & E fl J
Elaborate pro-
duction of the
euccessful nielo- ¦n- i {^ fW\
dran.a^ I AS 8
Full of exciting JL/ fltj A
Incidents and
novel effects. ' •
PRICES— Ev'gs, TP O fl B li ID
10c to SOc. Mat- /H I tft 1 ¦ ft IP
Inees. 10c. 15c. LJ JL jL.WJjLSL.1LJ
25c.
Next Week— "OLIVER TWIST."
WINTER CiRCUS !
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
—Valencia and Fourteenth Ets. —
Entire Change of Bill,
4 A MASTODONIC AGGREGATION OP
SYNDICATED SHOWS.
' STARTLING ARENA FEATS.
GREAT DUNBAR TRIO.
SUPERB TROOP OF TRAINED ANIMALS.
ADMISSION 25 Ct«. CHILDREN 10 Ctt.
I Fischers Theatre
HAVE YOU WATCHED TEE CROWDS?
"THE FRENCH MAID."
The excellent cast, the creat chorus, the
cp&rkllns music ail compel admiration and
enthusiastic audiences. Seats now on sale for
ihe last week beginning Monday, March 10th.
AH seats reserved. Night, 25c and 60c; mat-
.¦nees, 25 cents everywhere; chljdren at mat-
inees, J5 cents. In preparation, "LITTLE
pHRISTOPHER," the funniest of all bur-
jesques.
PALACE and |
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of theso magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers* district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of the
*m city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance,
¦ ' American and European plans.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
MONDAY.
$e*jjJ 'all 'depends upon what you want in a soap.
rjp||| If you require simply a dirt remover, almost
any soap will do. But if you care at all about
•^ ' the thing which is to be washed, you must
think twice before you act. Any soap will clean linens
and muslins, but Ivory Soap leaves them as white as
snow. Any soap will clean sheets and table cloths, *but
Ivory Soap leaves no coarse, strong odor. Try it once!
eerraiOHT ».-:b •» thi mocih m oambl* co. cincibnati
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Piles ..Cured!
• After '3p Years.:
' jThos- E. Wood, 818 17th- St., Sacramento,
Cal.: "One 50 cent box of Pyramid Pile Cure
"permanently, cured mo of piles. For 30 years
I suffered; underwent a frightful , operation,
nearly died,' but failed to cure. I was unable
to walk; when I tried Pyramid ¦ Pile Cure. The
first application relieved me." All druggists
sell it. v.. Quickly cures every form of piles. Book
free by mall, v: Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich. -¦.-¦., ¦'¦¦¦ fffWmBflr -
Tastes like Coffee — Better' than Coffee. The secret is in
the perfect blending and roasting of fruit and grain.
SOLD BY AI,L GROCERS.
A grain and fruit Coffee — nourishing and invigorating.
SOLD BY ALL, GROCERS.
FiGPRUNE Cereal
A delicious Cereal Coffee made of choice California fig9
and prunes and grain — absolutely free from artificial matter.
i SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.
| in the night—the passing of the swift and luxurious p
I gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from p
I . San fran Cisco to Chicago in three days A
BAJA CALIFORNIA Dfi. HALL'S RflNYlGOBATORSOra
t-v » ¦*-% • Stops all losses In 2-1 hours. Five aSw^VB"
I Rn«vk y «-\ ¦*/"» <¦> rU ¦»¦*-•»-.*% fw% n hundred reward for any case we BH He\
JJRmiftmi DlTXfiPS cannot cure. This secret remedy ij 8&
&?lA l ]l±JLlLLLA.Z,it J^XHibVJl K? cures Emissions. Impotency, JBBBM Kjnl
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. FRfS Hrti
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA- Stricturas. Drains. Lost Man- ]mJ liiiil
» tor and Nervine. - hood and all ether wasting ef- mj;>?
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special fecta of self-abuse or excesses. ' *3t2fcaffl.SaB
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5j guaranteed
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid- to cure any case. Call or address orders
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855 Broad-
'"«,«, NABER- ALFS & BRUNE. Agents. way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 107S}i
823 Market St.. S. P.— (Send for Circulars.) Market st. S. F. Send for Ut9 book,Foreign Futures.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opfning , fl IVj • \« % <; %
Closing 6I"i ' 0 % (JV
PARIS.
Whent — March. May-Aug.
Opening .' 20 SO - 21 70
Clr«inK 20 90 . * 21 85
Flour—
Opening 25 fiO . 26 75
Cldfilnsr ......25 70 20 60
New- York Metal Market.
. NEW YORK, Marcli 6.— The Metal Exchange
EASTERN MARKETS.
Receipts of Beans have Increased very much
since the , high water along the Sacramento
River and are now large, as . will | be seen.
This is due to the desire among country hold
ers to get their stock Into safe and dry places,
hence they are 1 sending it here. "Most of the
receipts are going into store, which is a good
thing,' for, if they were thrown on the market
lower prices would result. The market Is de
void of demand and could not stand the pres
sure of heavy offerings. The feeling Is rather
weak than otherwise. ¦ -
Alfalfa Seed is still Wafer and very flrm. A
brisk European demand has drawn heavily
upon stocks in Utah and Colorado, hence ship
ments from those States to this market are
much lighter than usual. Again, the high
prices for Alfalfa Hay this sea son. have led
to a brisk demand for seed.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35@2 60; Small White,
$2 90@3 15; Large White, $2 65@2 75: Pea.
$3 50@4; Pink, $1 00@2 20; Red. / $2 75@a:
Blackeye, - $3 75<g>4 ; Llmas, $4 40@4 CO; Red
Kidneys. $3 85@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste. -Mustard. $2 65@2 75; I Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 60;
Canary, 3 V4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from, Utah,
10V4®llc; California, 10@10Vic; Rape. l»i@
2Vic: Hemp. S^c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
f ' .- . .•¦- ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables..'
The Potato market' Is quiet, as supplies are
plentiful and the demand Is limited. All de
scription- remain an previously quoted. A car
of Sweet Potatoes arrived from Merced and
•old elowly. owing to the poor quality of the
stock. • ' , ¦ - , * .
There Is no Improvement In th« demand for
Onions and the market remains weak. ¦
Asparagus was In light receipt and met. with
r*>ady »al« at maintained prices. Several ot
the Inlands on, the : Sacramento Rlvor, where
must of the Asparagus Is 7»roduced, were nub
merged during the recent storm and receipts
Beans and Seeds
0 : #
CHICAGO, March 5.— Wheat bulls had fair
encouragement soon after the opening. Cables
were only slightly higher, but Northwestern
receipts were much reduced. Added to | this
was the bullish factor of dry weather reports
from the Southwest. The effect of the early
bullish surroundings was not felt with full
force until nearly an hour after the opening
Trade in general was slack, but the crop con
ditions finally awakened buyers from the coun
try. May wheat here -opened a shade lower to
unchanged at 76Vfe@7GVi'c and gradually ad
vanced to 7(i94c. - Shorts had covered to some
extent, though many speculators paid little
attention to the damage reports. Near the end
of the session May eased oft to Its lower open
ing price and closed barely firm at 76%c.
Dullness was the chief characteristic of the
trade In corn, however. May closed barely
firm, i&JEf'Vic up ot til%@62c.
There was an early demand in oats which
held price:: firm. Later profit-taking caused
a weak market. May sagged and closed easv
W,ic down at 44%@44i/4C.
Provisions suffered from, the Inflirenees of a
heavy run of hogs at the yards and the con
sequent low prices. May pork closed 20c down,
lard 7'/i®10c lower and ribs 7*ric
The leading futures ranges as follows: !
Chicago Grain Market.
SUGAR — Raw, unsettled. Fair refining, 3c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, .i"ic;
reHned, dull.
WHEAT — Receipts, 050 bushels; exports,
8(51,200 bushels. Spot dull; No. 2 red, SG%c
f. o. b. afloat and 8«!ie elevator. Bull- exer
cised control in wheat mor.t of the day, but
reall-ing in the last half hour caused, a set
back. The clore was easy, "4@%e net ad
vance. March closed £2V£c; May, *-'!ic; July,
S-Uc
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES— Dull.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE — -pot Rio. steady. No. 7 Invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8®12c.
*f p 7t
NEW YORK, March 5. — FLOUR— Receipts.
7700 barrels; exports 5300. Firm and active
for winter grade*? 1 bu|t still dull on spring
wheat grades.
New York Grain and Produce:
Chicago was lower, the decline in Pork being
marked. This market was dull and ] prices
showed no further change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per. lb for
heavy,. 12>£c for light- medium, 13%c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12>£@13c; Califor
nia Hams. 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $9 50@10
per barrel; extra' Mess, $10 50@ll; Family,
$11- 5O@12: prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$22 60@23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef,
13^pi4c per lb.
LA.RD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb fcr
compound and 10V4@Hc for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll'/ic; 10-lb tins. ll%c: 5-lb tins, lifts;
3-lb tins. ll%c.
- COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 0%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. . Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. 9%c; light, 8%c; Cow
Hides, 0c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stag<
C^c; Salted Kip, 9o; Salted Veal. 0c: Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. 16c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip. 14@15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool. 40©60c each; medium, C5@75c; long
Wool. S0c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
@3 for . laree and $2 50 for medium, $1 75@2
for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for laree. $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25
for/ small and 60c for Colts. Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins, 35c: fall or medium skins.
30c: winter; or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c:
medium, 35c. > :
TALLOW— No. T rendered, 5H@6c per lb:
No. "2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3c.
¦ ¦ WOOL— Fall. San Joaquin. 6<3Sc: San Joa
quln Lambs', 7 :1 / 4@8%c: Middle County. -8@10c
per lb; "Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15%c: do
fall. 14@15c per lb. .
•HOPS— ll@12c for. fair and 12%@14c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 15@
17'/4c for. shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There' Is no further change In . any descrip
tion. All kinds are more or less firm and an
other stormy epell will 'tend '. to render them
even more so.
' . DRESSED MEATS. ;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer
are'as follows: \ ¦
BEEF — 0Vi@"V4c for Steers and 6®6^c per
lb for Cows.
VKAL— Large, 7%@8Vic;' small,' 8@10e per lb.
MUTTON-^Wethers, S^SVic; Ewes, f 7H@8V4c
per • pound. , ' . ' ¦
LAMB — Yearlings. 0'/j@10c per lb: Spring
Limb. 12V/5'15c. per lb.
PORK— Drcufed Ho_s. 7^®pc per lb.
\ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for rood sound
livestock delivered ot San Francisco, lees 60
per cent Bhrlnkaee for cattle: ' , .
CATTLE— Steers. b>/4@0c; Cowi and Heifer*.
7@7»4c; thin Cows. 4@r>c per lb.-/,
CALVKS — 4',405'icrer lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4y.@5c; Ewes, 3Vi@4o p«r
ib (crors w^lrht). >-
, LAMBS— Suckllngt Lambs. $2 S0'&_ 75 per
Provisions
FRUITS — Apricot*, 8*4<_10V4e for Royals atid
RVjIPIVic for standard to . fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apple-, 7%@8%c; fundrled, 6c;
Peaches. O'/4@8Vlc; Pears, 6@Qc; Plums, pitted,
5@5%c; unpltted, l^@2%c: Nectarines, 5%®Uo
for red and 5V4@Cc for white; Flga, 3c for
black and S05*>ic for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows.
30-40's, fi^'/^c; 40-50's, 4%@5V4c; 50-60's, 4*4
CO-70's, 3%@4V4c; 70-80's. 3%O33ic;/>0-
OO'b, 2%<§3Vic; DO-100'6, 2#@2%c per lb. '
• RAISINS) — Seeded, 3-crown, Sc; 2-crown, OVi
<f£7-Jic; Loosa Muscatels, tf'yic for 4-crown and
6V4c for seedless; 3-crown, Cc; 2-crown, 5ftc:
Seedless Sultanas, ft'-jc for unbleached and 7©
SVis for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers,
$1 2u@l 35. •
NUTS— Chestnuts, "ll@12c: Walnute, No. 1
soflshell. 0^c; No. 2, 8@8V4c; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10Vi©12c for paper
fhell; 0@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, Jitf*7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@l_c;
Cocoanuts, $3 60@5. .:• ,-
HONEY— Comb, ll J /a@13c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 5©
Cc; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27 Vi@29c per lb.
There Is nothing new. The market Is ai
flrm as ever. • ' ']:'?'..'•}
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
In quarter boxes. 75ctf<$l and $1 50@2 in half
boxes; Lemons, 60c(3$l for common and $1@
1 50 for good to choice and $1 75®2 50 for
fancy; Grape Fruit, $1@2; Mexican Limes,
$6®7; Bananas, $2 2502 75 per bunch for
New Orleans and $202 50 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3Q4 per dozen.
APPLES— $2©2 25 per box for extra, $1 25©
1 75 for good to choice and t50c@$l for ordl-
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 25
for standards. $1 50@2 for choice and $2@2 75
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Tangerines,
In the open market conditions were un
changed and prices remained as previously
quoted.
The Honolulu steamer is at hand with 5007
bunches of Bananas, which will be unloaded
to-day.
There is nothing new in Lemons or Limes,
and Apples remain as before quoted.'
At the Oi^nge auction yesterday 4 cars of
Navels were offered and were easily disposed
of, as supplies In the open market have been
light during the past few days. The prices
obtained were as follows: Fancy Navels, $1 65
<g_- -5: Choice do. $1 35@1 80; Standard do,
{j5c@$l 45. Some fancy Grape Fruit was sqld
at $1 S0@l 90 per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits..
WASHINGTON, March 5. — To-day's treas
ury statement: Available cash balance, $177,
425,400; sold. 591.505,222.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. March 5. — Money on call,
steady, at 2% to 3^ per cent: prime mercan
tile paper, 4ig4»i per cent." Sterling exchange,
steady, with actual business In 'bankers' bills
at $4 81% for dsmand and at $1 S5Vi for sixty
days; tested rates. $4 S'J@4 88Vi: commercial
bills, $* 84-^^4 RS5P Bar silver. 54%c; Mexl^
can dollars, 4:>?ic Government bonds, firm:
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, dull.
New York Money Market.
-»The stock market tc-day was extremely idle.
Paris having concluded its settlement bought
some South African mining- shares and Rio
Tintos. American stocks ruled . slack around
Discounts were somewhat easier, the market
having repaid the Bank of England half the
large sum due that institution.
NEW YORK. March 5. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says; i.
London Market.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Bran and Middlings continue weak, while Hay
is- quoted steady, with very light receipts.
Rolled Barley is very flrm in sympathy with
the raw grain.
BRAN— $17@18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 G0@20 50 per ton. ¦"
:¦ FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $10 50@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; Jobbing.
?_S 50@29; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31@3_: CrackeJ Corn, • $31 5O@:J2 50; Mixed
Feed, $1C@17 50; Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
HAY— Wheat, $10@12 50; "Wheat and Oat.
J59@12; Oat. i$8@ll; Alfalfa, $8@11; ; Clover.
$7@9; Volunteer. $6 50@9; • Stock ?C@S 50 per
ton. • •
. STRAW — tO@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Local Bakers' grades are reported quiet, as
the bakors ara buying from hand to mouth.
Otherwise Flour is in good movement, the- ex
port demand being brisk. Prices* stand, the
same. • . .
KLOUR— California Family Extras, 53 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 10®3 50;
Oregon, $2 75i&3 26 per barrel for family and $.{
Q'.i 60 for Bakers' ; 1 Washington Bakers, $3©
3 50. i>
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 Ids; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$1@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 S5@.N 3i>;
In sacks, $6 50<J? 8; Pearl Barley,- $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $C 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and 'Millstnffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 7S%c;
2000, 7S'/4c.
Regular Morning Sssslon — May — 1000 ctls,
0314c. December— 2000 ctls. 78 l ,ic; 2000, 7S%c;
4000. 78»4c.
Atternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
789ic; 2000, 7S%c: 2000, 78'^c.
OATS — There was more business yesterday
than. for some time, the demand being reported
very good. Prices were firm and unchanged.
Grays, $1 _."'ffl 40; white., $1 25® l 42 U;
Surprise, $1 4itf.fl 45; black, $1 12%<&1 -_£,
lor feed and $1 22Vi@l 32ft for eeed; red,
*l 27%@1 .47 »_ per ctl for feed and (1 'Ma
1 42 Vi for need.
CORN — Chicago advanced several fractions,
chiefly on account of the small country move
ment. The pit was crowded and the floor
traders were all buying freely and bulling the
market.
There was no change in this market, which
continued dull.
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 60; small round do,
$1 86®1 CO; white. $1 ;;.VB1 50 per ctl.
RYE— The market Is still higher and very
flrm at D2%@05c. with some holders refusing to
let go under lilV^r. The recent large sales of
cargoes for export have greatly reduced the
supply.
iiUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
WHEAT — Paris ' futures were higher. Liver
pool'futures were unchanged.
CThlCago advanced, somewhat; though the poor
demand was a bearish feature." The condition
of the -winter crop is now the controlling fac
tor 'in-thaVmarket'and many report^ ' pro and
con. are tbeing received . from . the belt. The
Government weather and crop report give«
much damage in the South and Southeast from
the elements, and in- one or two States a good
deal of. the crop will be plowed up and other
produce planted. Missouri reports a large.in
crease in the acreage this year, with the fields
generally In good condition. Previous damage
reports from Kansas - and Oklahoma are'con
firmed, yet 18 points in the leading wheat sec
tions of Kansas glve-the damage as slight. The
country elevator stocks in the Northwest are
getting low and stocks at Minneapolis will
probably decrease 350,000 bushels during the
week. The Northwestern elevator people think
their crop overestimated by 25,000,000 bushels.
. This market continued inactive and prices
showed no change worthy of note.
Spot- Wheat— Shipping, *1 10; milling, $1 12 "_
(Jl 15 per ctl. , .
CALL BOiRD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — May — 10UO ctls, $1 12V4;
20U0, $1 12%; 4000, ¦ $V 12%. December — 10,
000, $1 0'J\' t .
.-Regular Morning Session — May — 24,000 ctls,
$1 12V 4 . December— 12,000, $1 00.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
?1 08%.
BARLEY — Another fractional advance was
scored yesterday. Offerings are light, both
here and in the country, while the movement
from the interior to the East and foreign coun
tries continues steady and large, hence the
nrmness.
. Keed, 0214003*40 for No. 1 and 90c for off
grade?; brewlng-.and shipping grades, 07&c@
fl; Chevalier, Ji5c®*>l 20 p«r ctl.
Laat This Last
Ptatlon*— 2t Hours. Season. • Season.
F.urekn 3S.02
Red Bluff Trace 2G.12 22.03
Pacr.imcnto Tiace 15. :t" Ifl.70
H«n Francl«co O.O8 IS. 20 l«.04
Trej-no O.fMi r..O9 n.'Ji
Inn>r'*mJer!ce ....... 0.00 3.93 5.7«
Pan Lulu Oblrpo 0.00 17.40 27. 0»
Li* Ar.gcie-* 0.00 8. SI 13.<;C
Baa Diego 0.00 4.41 8.53
Pan Franclnco data: Maximum temperature,
TiU: minimum. 47; mran. S2.
The following maximum and minimum tem
rTati're* were reported from Eastern f.tationn:
B^trn 4rt-2R!Kani>a»< City 40-2<i
C1nclr.r-.aii :S2-_2| Omaha SC--2
riiilarielphia 42-2S* Chicago n2-:jo
"Washington 40-:. r 2, Dutluth 40-18
.Taoks"inv|iie 74-50 Et. Louin 34-28
New York 3S-.Vj.Salt Lake City... 44-30
•THE COAST RECORD.
c *; £; c ¦- w *s
FTATIONS. 1 _|ll 1= Io I
5 P P : of" H
;<•;-¦, 2 3* • ?
A*t<ir!a 20. H2 4S 38 / E Cloudy Ti_
leaker. 29.«:0 4S SO SE Cloudy* .00
Carson... 23.110 48 4 SW Cloudy .00
Kureka .. r«2
r~r<:z<\<, 29.R0 C2 SS SE Cloudy .00
Flarrstafr .'.29.88 48 16" S Cloudy. .'Hi
Iw-atpllo. t__._9.82 4* 30 SE Cloudy .00
Independence. ?I». 70 r<2 :>fi P ' Pt Cl.'ly <X)
1a>s Angeles... _r».fcrt <;« r.2 SE Cloudy loo
IMioerlx _3.S2 1H :;s SW Cioudy .00
J'nrtlar.d 23. .';r, 4S 40 NW Cloudy S4
r:od niurr 2ft.5O r.« ::r, se Rain t
Kop^burg *2S».2S <2 40 SE Clcudy .06
t^acrnmonto... 20.04 f$ft*38 S '.Rain' T
Bait Lake 20. SO M 30 SW Cloudy .00
Fan Francisco. 23. UC, 51! 44 SE - Rain 05
6. L. Obi-spa :;«
Pnn Dipro 29.02 f.4 44 SW Cloudy .00
flattie 29. 4S 48 40 E Rain .70
Fpofcqne 2n.fjS 51 r,r, s ¦ Pt CIdy T
NpsIi Bay 83.40 44 40 E Rain .1C
W.-.lIa Walla.. 2!>.48 fi2 42 S Pt CIdy .(hi
V.'in-emucca. .29.<» • 50 26 KE Cloudy 00
Yt^ma 20.82 76 42 jg Pt CIdy .00
~pmr>eratur«? at'T a. m.. 4S degrees.
n_0th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
, SAN FRANCISCO. March 5—5 p. m.
The following are the f-caKonat rainfalls to
rfxte. as compared with thnKe of same dale
' . .-! : ¦ : ••¦• r.. and rainfall in the last twenty
four !-.:¦(¦:
Weather Report. "
Condition of Business.
THE SITUATION AS SEEN. BY A NEW
YORK BANKER.
The New Ymk circular of Henry Clews payy:
"The Stock Exehurge situation shows little
change. Stocks appear to be very firmly held
liy the big interests which have persistently
jirotccted the market against all attacks for
months past. Xo doubt they would like to Fee
prices rise to a higher level, and it may be
they v.-ill use their efforts In this direction
Wbea opportunity offers. At the moment, how
ever, circumstances are not t-ntire.ly In their"
favor. The business situation, it is true. U,
excellent in many respects, and the outlook is
for a good spring trade in nearly all parts of
the country, save perhaps in some portions of
Xh° Scstnwcst, where thort crops of corn and
cotton, together with vr-cent unfavorable weath
er, ere acting detrimentally upon business. So
far there is no sipn of abatement in the activ
ity of the iron trade, a number of furnaces hav
ir.R soid their full capacity until January.
lrtO.". The dry poods trade is a!so in excellent
condition, cotton goods being in small supply
jmd pocd demand at advancing prices. In the
iadustria! world there are few. If any, signs
of overproduction. Two obstacles to a bull
market exist just now which cannot be over
looked, viz.. the monetary situation and the
indisposition of the public to enter ae buyers.
Bank reserves are unusually low. while loans
are unprecedentedly high; factors not very
conducive to bullish operations, especially as
foreign selling of securities is forcing gold ex
ports, and the periodic stringency incidental
to April settlements is close at hand. The
contemplated Japamesr loan, which has been
expected in some quarters, ¦will make a con
siderable drain upon our gold supplies, al
tlictiph actual shipment! will not be made at
Inconvenient p^rieds. It is worthy of note that
ratlruad eaxninps are net so uniformly increafc
lng. that are growincr more frequent
_n<l that somewhat unsatisfactory reports are
forthcon»nf: regarding winter wheat. In the
face of fucIi facts stock? should b» bought vrlth
discretion. There are indications of active
manipulati'-in which may become more aegre»
fclve v.itli the approach of spring, but until the
monetary Fituation Improves we advise caution
in operation- on the long side."
Exchange and Bullion.
" New,- York! Exchange Is lower. •
i Sterling, Exchange,- t ; 0 days — ?1 SG '.
Sterling Cables, sight .'.. — ..' 4 89
: Sterling Cables. — ¦ 4 1)0
New York Exchange, sight... ' — . 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - 13
Silver, per dunce — . 54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 435.
i Wheat and Other Grains. .
. EGGS — Ranch, 14%@15c ' for selected large
and 13%@14c for good to choice; store. 12@13c
per dozen.
CHEESE— New, ll@ll%c: old, 10@10%c;
Young America, 12@12%c; Eastetn. 13@15c per
pound. ' ' -.
i BUTTER — Creamery. 29@30c per lb .for fan
cy, 28@2S%c<for firsts and 27@27%c for sec
onds; dairy. * _2%@2Sc: store Butter. 17%@
22%c per^ lb.-
.Prices for.; Butter remain unchanged, but
supplies are somewhat larger and the market
is not as llrin as it has been. Dealers are
rather' expecting a decline. Still, if another
stormy period -sets in, the market may keep
up for some little time yet.
There is no further change in Cheese.
The weakness in Eggs continues, and the
Exchange reduced its quotations to 12@13c for
ranch -.. and . 12c for gathered. Stocks are as
large as ever, and the dainp weather prevents
the commission merchants from cold storing
to get rid of the surplus. There is still some
shipping' demand from the north, though the
home . production up there Is Increasing and
¦will" shortly , obviate the necessity for calling
on this market for supplies. Receipts here
are extremely, heavy, as will be seen, and bid
fair to continue so for some time now. Yes
terday they were the largest thus far this sea
son. _;
• Receipts were 47,200 pounds, 30 tubs and
10 kegs of. Butter, 21S5 cases of Eggs. 18,400
pounds ! of California Cheese, 2000 pounds' of
Oregon. Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. . 'i -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 5 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..ll2tt"2-n 4s Qr c (new)139tilU93i
4s qr reg. ..111^4111%. 8s qr coup... — . —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76VilO3 Oc SS Cc 5s. — 101%
Bay CPC 5s.lOC?i — Ombus C Cs.131 —
Cal-st 5s 116}_ — » ¦ Pac G Im 4s. 95% —
C Costa 5s.. — 111 Pk& C H 63.107 —
Ed L&P 0s. — • — Pk&O R 6a. 117 120
Fer&C H «s.H6 — Pwl-st R 6a. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Pac EGR 5s. 95 —
H C&S 5&s. — — SF & SJV5s. — 124
Do 5a ..., OOVilOO^ Sierra Cal6s.lO5 110
L Ang R 5s.l20%122 S P of A 6s
LA Light fs. — — (1909) 112%112%
Do gtd Cs. — — (1910) 113^113»i
Do gtd 5s. 104ii — S P of Cal Cs
L A & P 5s. 101% — (l9C9)Sr A.109^i —
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr B.110 110%
Mkt-st C Us. 126 — (1906) 112^112%
Do lem 5s. 119% — I (1912) — 122%
N R of C 63.11U4 — '¦ BP of Cal 1st
Do 5s 122% — c entd Cs.120 —
N Pac C 5s. 108 108»i Do stmpd.111%112
N Cal R 5s. 112% — :SP Br Calos.138%140%
Oak Gas 5s. 115 — IS V Wat 6s. Ill 111%
Oak Trn Cs.122 122% Do 4s" 102% —
Do 1st c 5slll% — Do 4s3d m.101% —
Oak W G5s. — 103% Stkn Gas 6s. 101 —
•WATER STOCKS. \
Contra Costa 75% 76% Port Costa... 63% 63
Marin Co... 67 — Spring Val.. 90 90^
. GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2 6 Pac Light ... 43 —
Kqt G L Co. 8% -i% Sac E G&RC 25 31
Mutual 3«i 5 S F G & E.. 43% —
OG L & H. 56 56% S F G L Co. »} 4 —
Pac G Imp. 36% — IStktn G &. E b —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. SS 92% L P & A...163 169
California «..42_ — Mer E_ (liq). 13% —
Cal Safe Dp.117^118 S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl. — —
/ . SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1975 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt ... — — Security Sav.305 330
Mutual Sav. 76 80 Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U.515 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..160 — Market 98 97U
Geary — 60 Presidio .... 37 60
POWDER.
Giant 79%— Vigorlt — j4 -
SUGAR,
Hana ...... 3% IK KHauea .... »% —
Hawaiian .. 37% 40 Makawell .. 20 28%
Honokaa ... 12 12% Onomea .... 24 25
Hutchlnson . 13 13% Paauhau ... 12 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl6-%163% Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 07 08 Pac C Bone. 165 —
Cal Wine As. — — Par Paint... 18 —
Oceanic S Co S5% —
Morning Session.
Board —
155 Market Street Railway 97 00
2 47-100 Market Street Railway... 95 00
203 Market Street Railway 06 50
250 Market Street Railway 97 25
435 Market Street Railway 97 50
10 Paauhau S P Co 12 00
110 S V Water 00 00
122 S V Water 90 12%
75 S V Water.. 90 25
55 S V Water 90 37%
$1000 S V 4s (2d Mortgage) 102 50
Street —
15 Giant Powder Con 79 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Alaska Packers' Assn .163 00
50 Cal Wine Association 100 00
¦ 20 Contra Costa Water 76 00
90 Giant Powder Coll 79 50
50 Market Street Railway 96 75
S V. Water 90 25
9 Street —
10 Hutchinson S P Co IS 50
$5000 S P of Arizona (1910) .113 62%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
¦ Board —
200 Home, cash 8 85
200 Junction ¦ 20
3000 Petroleum Center 07
Afternoon Session.
Board-- ' , - - ,..
100 Lion : OS
900 Lion 07
200 Occidental of W Va 18
200 Oil City Petroleum , 20
1000 Reed Crude 38
MINING STOCKS.
The following? ¦were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Chollar 091 600 Ophlr ... OS
100 Mexican 29|1400 Silver Hill..". 51
100 Ophlr 97.1000 Union Con... 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Bel... 221 300 Ophlr j)S
200 Chollar T. C9 200 Ophlr 97
400 C C _ Va 1 30 5C0 Potosi n
300 Ophir 1 OOl
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1600 Best & Bel... 21 400 OphJr ....... or
300 Best & Bel... 22 200 Ophlr .... o«
600 Chollar .. 09 200 Ophlr ....** an
100 C C & Va..l 27% 500 Sierra Nev * n
900 Mexican 29 i 200 Sliver Hill BO
100 Ophlr 9S 200 Sliver Hill".!! 51
Afternoon Session.;
500 Best & Bel... 22, 100 Occidental aa
200 Best & Bel... 21 1 200 Ophir *" 9X
100 C C & Va....l 30 300 Potosi ... "* 11
400 Mexican ..... 30 "' "
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
WEDNESDAY. March 5—4 p. m
Bid.Ask. ' Bld A \
Alpha — 03 Justice ..„.. oh i«
Alta 04 W. Kentuck .. 01 (r>
Andes — 05 Lady Wash.. — n\
Belcher 01 05 Mexican •>« «,
Rest & Bel... 22 23 Occidental '.'.". 07 oh
Bullion 02 Wlophlr ... ni £
Caledonia*... 28 29 Overman ..V or. «H
Challenge ... IS 19 Potowl .. 1,, ,.
Chollar .. Cl> 10 Kavag* ..'.'.'.' A- J,i
Confidence ... KM Ki ISoorplon ' «vi
C O&.Va.;...l 25 1 30 Seg Belcher" . _ «;
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev n ti
S on N J;v SI «g"w.Hin:! no &
Crown Point. 04 05 St Louis: — m
Eureka Con.. 18 — S-'yndlcate ' _ in
Exchequer ... — 02 Union \«*on 24 •>-?
Gould & Cur. 11 12 iTiah"\;.v. - an m
Hale & Nor..' 20 31 Yel Jacket.!! 17 IS
Julia — -oi
Market Street Railroad continued to point
upward on the Bond Exchange yesterday morn-
Ir.g.-touchlng $97 50, against $05 25 as the best
price of the precedins day. Spring Valley
Water was firm and active at $90@90 37%.
All the activity was centered in the^e two
stocks, the others being quiet and featureless.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks. '
Afternoon quotations showed little variation.
Pacifla Lighting Company was ex-dividend
of 35c, or $11,550 yesterday.
The Petroleum Development Company is now
paying dividend No. 1 of 20 per cent on the
capital stock of $125,000.
The P"ittsburg Oil assessment of'lc falls de
linquent on the Exchange on the 11th. •
The Contra Costa and Port Costa" Water
companies will pay the usual monthly dividends
on the 15th, the former at the rate of 42c and
the la'tter 30c per share.
Experts of Fpecie from thin port during the
first two months of the year were $l.C:>S.50r>.
against $1.1O<:.81G during the same time last
year, the loading descriptions being as follow*:
Silver bullion. $SRT>.D<"iO: Mexican dollars". $75.-
WJ; sold bullion. S7.12.000. China took $»C1.201
anJ Japan $732,000.
J Exports of Specie.
TUESDAY. MARCH 4.
Jacob Freeman to Elizabeth Freeman, lot on
fTW comer of California and Fair avenues. W
60 by N 100; also lot on S line of Powell ave
nue, 175 E of Mission street,' E 25 by S 200;
also lot on S line of Powell avenue, 25 w of.
California avenue, W 25 by S 1C0; gift.
Charies V. and Eva E. Heegaard to Thomas
Vodden. lot on S line of Page street. 50 W of.
Lyon. W 25 by S 1C0; $10.
John H. Rosseter. Alice M. or Alice or Hen
rietta Dunne and Frances Me Hugh to Georga
Van Bergen, lot on E line of Shrader street. 60
S of Hayes, S 25 by E 100. and rlfrhts under
15 cov. 94; $10.
Katherine A. and Thomas W. Rivera to Fer
dinand Brauer. lot on W line of Castro street.
51 e N of Valley. N 25 by W 105: $10.
Leron NUson (widower) to Celestla Hyatt,
lot on N line of Chestnut street. 23 E of Mason.
E 22:7% by N 68:9: $10.
Emilie Paull to Charles Schlessinger. lot on
E line of Jones street. S2:tt S of Turk, S 25
by E 82:6; {10. '
George W. Wegener to Henry and Emma
Wegener lot on N line of Lomnard street. 6S:9
E of Hyde. E 68:9 by N 137:6; $10.
Albert and Susan H. Rowe to Cornelius and
Mary Shea, lot on NK line of Third street. SO
SE of Harrison, SE 25 by NE 77:6; $10.
John McNally to James Corrigan, lot on SE
line of Perry street, 2C5 SW of Fourth. SW 25
by SE SO. quitclaim deed; $10.
John Meierdierks to Catherine Audemard
(widow), lot on S corner of Seventh and Na
toma streets. SE 25 by SW 75; $10.
Josiah R. Howell to J. A. Simpson, lot on w
line of Mississippi street. 75 S of Twenty-third.
S 66:ll}i by W 100; also lot on E line of Mis
sissippi street, 50 S of Twenty-third. S 50 by B
1C0: $10.
California Sugar Refinery (corporation) to In
¦ dependent Gas and Power Company (corpora
tion), lot on SE corner of Delaware and N«
vada streets, E 2C0 by S 17S: also lot on SW
corner of Delaware and Nevada streets, W 143
by S 17S; $17,000.
Independent Electric Light and Power Com
pany (corporation) to same, lot on E line of
Michigan street. 433 S of Twenty-second. SI
147:1. SE 110. SE 100. N 372:9, W 200: also lot
on N line of Twenty-third street, 50 W of
Georgia. W 100 by N 100: $20,064.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth «by Fannie
P. Farnsworth, executrix) to Minnie L. George,
lot 12. block F. Sunset Heights; $1200.
Fannie P. Farnsworth (widow), to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Emery E. George to Minnie L. George (wife),
same; gift.
J. B. and Cora B. Wyman. Agnes S. Mont
gomery. J. J. Rauer (assignee Agnes S. Mont
gomery. Insolvent). William an.l Johanna
Mejns (by E. C. Lyles. commissioner) to James
E. Damon, lots '£1 and 24. block 47. Stanford
Heights; also lot 20. block 21, Sunnyside;
$1300. . •
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Aba
and Charlie Rosenstein, lot on SE line of San
Bruno avenue, .152:9% NW of Salinas street.
NW 30:6%, E 96:_'i. S 25. W 75:1, lot 4.'t.
block 6, Garden Tract Homestead Addition;
also lot on NE line of San Bruno avenue.
244:5% S of Paul avenue. SE 30:0*',. E 94:5 l s .
N' 25. W 112. lot 3, block 7. same; $10.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 5.
• Miles Altman to A. A. Sanderson, lot en M
line of Lombard street, 137:6 W of Larkin.
W 137:6 by N 275; $10.
Clarence C. and Edmond C. Burr and Mary
N". Allyne (wife of John W.) to Lucy B. Hcl
man (widow), lot on NE corner of Creenwlrli
street and Van Ness avenue, E 25:9. NW-.
40:10%, SW 8:11. S 23:9: also lot on SE ci>r
ner of Greenwich street and Van Ne*s avenue.
S 137:6. E 105:5%. NW 161:0-%. W 71:7',:
also lot on NE corner of Filbert and Franklin
streets. E 100 by N 00; also lot on SW corn»r
of Filbert and Franklin streets. S 150 by W
105:0%; alfto lot on E line of K rank! in street.
132.C72 8 of Filbert. E 100 by S 25: also lot on
SE corner of Union and Franklin streets. 3
137:6 by E 11S:1 1-5; also lot on W line of
Franklin street. 106 S of Green, B 125 by W
110:4; grant. ,
Edmond C. Burr, Lucy B. Holman and Mary
N. Allyne to Clarence C. Burr, lot commencing
100:4 E of Van Ness avenue and 137:8 3 of
Greenwich street. NW 16:0%. SW 30:10^. NE
20:4: also lot on NE corner of Filbert street
and Van Ness avenue. E 125 by N 137:6: also
lot on N line of Filbert street. 109:9 W of Van
Ness avenue. W 75 by N 137:6; also lot on SE
corner of Filbert and Franklin streets. E 100
by S 132.672; also lot on SW corner of Union
and Franklin streets. W 100 by S 145; also lot
on SW corner of Green and Franklin streets,
W 110:4 by 8 108; grant.
Thatcher Emery to Hannah Emery (wife),
lot on W line of Van Ness avenue, 80 N of
Turk street. N 40 by W 109:9; gift.
Alexander J. Forbes to Annie 11. aad John
B. Forbes, lot on N line of Filbert street 168:3
E of Franklin. E 33:4 by N 275: gift.
Otto F. and Mathilda von Rheln to James
H.. Joseph H. or Joseph B. Marshall, lot oa
W lino of Franklin street, 112:6 3 of CFar
rell, S 23 by W 112:6; $10.
Same to Solomon Michael, lot on "W Una of
Franklin street, 57:8 8 of O'Farrell, 3 27:8 by
W 87:6; $10.
Christopher C. and Elizabeth M. Morehous»
to Edward L. and LHlie S. Christln, lot on 3W
corner of Ivy avenue and. Octavla street. 3 33 V
by W 80; $10. J
Elizabeth Reene (widow) to Lena Marx (wifaf
of Henri), lot on W line of Laguna street 112:8
N of Sutter. N 25 by W 137:5; $10. ,.«-.. v
Henrl Marx to same, same: gift.
Samuel Kallsky to Julia Cunningham
(widow), lot on W line of "Webster street 110
N of Eddy, N 27:6 by W 100: $10.
George L. and Henry M. Whltely to Caro
line W. Baker, undivided one-half of lot on
N line of California street. 129:9 "W of W-b
ster, W 25:6 by N 132:7%: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to W. W.
Chase and Walter Frear (trustees of John V.
Kimball). lot on S"W corner of Eddy and Scott
streets. "W- 100 by S 62:6; $ .
' Nicholas and Mathilda Ohlandt . to Henry
Ohlandt. lot on W line of Potrero avenue 291
N of Twenty-fifth street. N 75 by W 100; $10
Estate of John Madden (by Catherine and
Thomas W. Madden, executors) to Gustavo
Scheller. lot on E line of Harrison street 28
N of Twenty-stxth. N 25 by E 100; $1650. '
Beatrice M. Miley (Lennett) and Emmor J.
Miley to George L. Roland, lot on S line of
Bush street, 179:8 "W of Mason, W 25 by 3
75; $10.
W. Oliver Scott to John Dougherty, lot on
ST3 corner o£ Francisco and Jon is streets E>
63:4. S 52:6. W 19. S 60, W 39. N 112:8- $10
George T. Marye Jr. to A. W. Wilson, all
property lying E of N line of Turk street. 137:8
W of Hyde, N 50:9 (quitclaim de«d): $10.
A. W. and Rose Wilson to .George T. Mary*
Jr.. all property lying W of N line of Turk
street. 137:6 W of Hyde. N 50:9 (quitclaim
deed): 510.
Martin and Jane Sanders to Levt M. Kel
logg, lot on SE line of Stevenscn street. 320
SW of Fifth, SW 22:6 by SE 75; S10.
Hannah Keeslng to Jeanne Levy (single), lot
on -W line of Potrero avenue. 79 N of Twen- 1
tleth street. N 175 by W 100; also lot on SW*
corner of Nineteenth street and Potrero ave."^
rue. S 129 by W 100; gift.
John and Mary T. Felts to Louis L. Mat
lock, lot on E line of Tenth avenue. 125 3
ot L street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
D. A. and Ella E. Curtin to Bessie M. Crlt
tenden (widow), lot on W line of Forty-third
street. 250 N of U. N 25 by W 120; $50.
August Lltzius to Ida Engelbrecht, let en
N line of Cortland street, 70 W of North ave
nue, W 22 by N 90. P. V. lot 41; $600.
Estate Madeline de Lagnel (by Andrea and
Alfredo E. Sbarboro. executors) to George
Panalro. lot on NE line of Mohawk street. 240
NW of Knights place. NW 93. E to W corner
subdivision 6. SE S:7. SW 120: also to be
ginning: of lot 1. block 11. West End Map; $30.
Builders' Contracts.
John W. McCormlck (owner) with Frank Dp
martlnl & Brothers (contractors), architects
Kidd and Anderson — All work except mantel',
shades, concrete and cement work, plumbing,
gas and sew_rs. painting, plastering and pat
ent stone entrances, electric work, bells, speak
ing tubes and letter boxes for a two-story and
rough basement frame building (2 flats) on
N Un« of Seventeenth street. 243 W of Castro.
N 145. NW 2G:S%. S 152:3^. thence 25 to be
ginning $4075.
Charles R. and Anna Swanstrom (owners'*
with N. A. Carlson (contractor ami architect)
--All work except painting and varnlshinj? for
a 2Vi-story frame building. on r line of Kan
sas street. 50 N of Nineteenth. N 15 by E 100,
Prwlta Nuevo block 14D: $ISOO.
Edna R. Carroll fowner) with -1, T. Mcln
nis (contractor), architect* Lnul* S £tnno an.l
If. O. Smith— All wrk for a '.-story fram
reMdenc- on W line of Vlck.sbu.-g Jitreet. 1T'»
8 of Twenty-third. R 25. by W 117:1. Homer's
Addition block SO? S->U*>4
'Benjamin Gilbert (owner) with A. T. M^r
rla (contractor), plans by owner— All work *x- l
enpt nhnde* and gas fixtures fur a 2-ftory franvjj
building, concrete foundations, on N Urt» qdfi
Sacram-nto street. ll_:«i W ot Walnut. W 2o
by U 1_7:8K; $2617.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 7,000 75% 74% i'5«i
Atchison pfd 2.100 iKiVa SHi't, y6*i
Baltimore & Ohio. 9.000 104-, 10:>?i 10*4
Bait & Ohio pfd:.. 100 94Vi Jit 1 ; &>%
Canadian Pacific... 1.4K0 112»i 112J4 112'.i
Cannda Southern .. 000 S7 7 ,, 67 ST
Chesapeake & Ohio 10(1 45U 45 U. 4514
Chicago & Alton.. 1,400 'M';* :i5'i S5%
Chi ._ Alton pfd :. 751-i
Chi Ind & Louis... 4,400 C2% i\0% 02 '
Chi Ind & Louis pf 200 79 7S 1 '. 7K
Chi & Eastern III. 1.200 l"»4s; 151 Vs 153S1
Chi & Gt Western. 2.200 24>i 23 r> i 24'
Chi t «t W A pfd .' . . . .' . SS
Chi <fc Gt W B pfd. 100 4.".% iT,% 4r>'/s
Chi & Northwest.. 11.400 220 ¦ 225>/i 227
Chi K I & Pac 2.7(i0 l<"5'i lCi lt>.'»
Chi Term & Tran. ::Oo 17 17 17
Chi Term & Tr pfd 100 ::2% Ji-% 32
CC C'-c St Louis. S00 ICO^i O'.i'-. 100
Colorado Southern. 70,800 25'6 "-';% 23Vi
C0I.1 South let pfd. 2.K00 70Vi 'J8 :l i 70^4
Colo South 2d pfd. 24,100 40>* :t7% 40
Delaware &. Hudsn S>») 172 171 171
Del Latk & West 2S1
Den & Rio Grande. 2<x) 44',4 4:;% 4.1
Den & It Grande pf 200 01 'I J>1V* 01
Krie IS.400 37'.i IWtt 37
Krle 1st pfd 1.400 C8 H7»w «i7Ti
Erie 2d pfd 1.800 . 54«4 ."»4Vi 54%
Ct Northern pfd.. COO 181 lSl»/i 1M
Hocking Valley «j7
Hocking Valley pf 300 S4 JvJ% 84 U
Illinois Central ... 1.300 139H 138% 13KZ4
Iowa Central O.VOO 40% 47^ 41)2
Iowa Central pfd.. 6,100 8.5'i 80'^ h2'/a
Lake Erie & West. 200 G0>/» CO'4 07
L E & Western pfd 12K
Louis & Nashville. 1,700 I0.'I% 103Vi 10.';*.
Manhattan Klevat. 3.400 131 94 U0»i 131
Met Street Hy fi,700 1«!7% 10<!*i 107%
Mexican Central . l,:tnn 27% '21 hi 27 ', 4
Mexican National.. 1.0<)0 17% 17% 17s.
Minn & St Louis... 4OO lOO^i 10!» irr.)i ? .
Missouri Pacific .. 20.100 !>S% 0714 J>S^
Mo Kan & Texas.. 900 24% 24 ''iC
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 1,100 55 &.J14 54(4
New Jersey Central j{>2
New York Central. 2,700 IG2% 161% 102'*
Norfolk & West... 1,200 67% f.7 .",7
Norf & West pfd.. 100 91 91 no
Ontario & Western 2.500 33 \' H 33 3a
Pennsylvania 12.200 ir/0% 15<J 160%
P.eadlns 22,300 54^, 53 u; 5414
Readln* 1st pfd... 1.W0 ftOV t 80 80
Reading 2d pfd 14,700 60% 65% <!f>U
fit L & Kan Fran.. 4,700 r>\u. cou c,n-i7
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 84' S4 ttfU
StL&SF2dpfd. 700 72 71 ii 7|-,
St Louis SW 200 25 2..
St Louis SW pfd.. 1,400 .Vtl4 y &5t_ 5514
St Paul 12,200 103% 102 163
St Paul pfd 100 ISO ISO IS!)
Southern Pacific .. W.200 <;4i; C3% (av.
Southern Railway. 29.300 32 14 32 K -["ii
Southern Ry pfd.. 2.000 05»i 9.". 0^1,
Texas & Pacific... 3,100 39 ii ::ou a'f)<i
To! St L & W r>0<i """A 22 "^1?
Toi St L & V. r pfd. l,n00 40«i ;»li 40
Union Pacific 13.T.00 f)9Vi 98% 9S^.
Tnlon Pacific pfd.. 2.200 87 S6% Sii»i
Wabash 700 24 TM 23?
Wabash pfd 800 42U. 42Vi 4214
Wheeling & L Erie 200 19 19 * T,ssf
W & L E 2d pfd.. 200 , 30ii 30i* 30
"WIs Central 300 2OV4 20U o n
WIs Central pfd... 300 42% 40 ' 42
Express Companies —
Adams jg-
American '..'.'. ">2R
rnited States 100 115'4 U5\i 115 .
Wells Fargo .... .... 190
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 38.900 6S% C,7% 0*534
Am Car & Fdry... 2,100 r.0% 29% 30vl
Am Car & F pfd.. 1.300 SS^ 8fl»i RS'.'.
Am Linseed Oil.... 200 23 T> '>l4
Am Linseed Oil pfd 7.C00 57 52 K5
Am Smelt & Ref... 400 4«»4 46% 46%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 1.300 98Vi 98% D<;aZ
Anaconda Mng Co. 600 32U 32 32S
Brooklyn Rap Tr. . 5,400 '63% 63 63 il
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 S8V1 86U 87-Ti
Consolidated Gas .. 600 217% 217 " -»l7»t
Cont Tob pfd 200 117'^ 117 I17
General Electric . . 900 293 • 206 293
Glucose Sugar, t r %4>i
Hocking Coal .... mil
International Pap 19%
International P pfd '.. "jut
lnterna.tiona! Powr 80
Laclede Gas pfd 90
National P.lscult .. 200 47 47" <7
National Lead 200 17 17 ' 17
National Salt 03
National Salt pfd '/' J53
North American ... •;;;; go
Pacific Coast COO 72 ; 71* 70
Pacific Mail 100 45VS 4."5'A 45«
People's Gas 3,900 9fi% 99 991I
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 Z9% 39 391/
Pressed Steel C pfd 83>!
Pullman Pal Car.. 700 225 220 *"»0
Republic Steel 900 16U 16U "10%
Republic Steel fpfd. 900 71%' 71 V4 Tt ii
Sugar '..... 15.100 1277i 1.Q14 t^i
Tenn Coal _¦ Iron. 3.300 CS% C3 ' OSV-i
ITnlon B & Pap Co 151/
Union B & P C pfd ' ' 7n
U S Leather 2(»0 11% \\\>. \\\>
\1 S Leather pfd... 500 81>A S1V4 $1>*.
i; E Rubber 400 lfi 15.V \\J
V £ Rubber pfd.... 100 57 57 fi'fi
U S Steel 10,900 43 42% 4"T-
V X Steel pfd. 16.70C »4^ r»4'i . !)4%
"Western I.'nlor. ... SCO ftO% 90^4 90%
Am Locomotive 70C 31% 31 1~ H\%
Arr.e Locc pfd 92^4
Share* Fold . . .516.000
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2* rets 10S% I. & N unl 4s 101%
Dc ref 2s coup. .](r.»V Mex Centrai 4g 8*>%
I)c ;is re ff ...101»Ul Do 1st Inc 31
Ijo :<* coupon. . .10!t I Jllr.n & St L 4s..l0'»%
Dc new 4s re(r..no>/ t M K ft f 4fi 9!)il
:)o n<«w if ooup.139^' ' Po 20(> si
Do old 4s n.r...lIl'/»iN Y C 3*tn 101%
Do nld 4*. coup. 11 2 V t I Do e«>r. 3V.e. 108
Do &» rep um!V4 N J C gen 5n 1371:
Do fie oouijf,n..lfM!V4 N Pacific 4». .... .lO.-.u
Atch!«<->ti K^n 4*.. 104% I Do .'Is. 74SK
Do udj 4* 93 Vi N A W con 4c lo:i.-»4
P-pIt & Ohio 4k.. .104 invading jren '.%.. mal
f" 3J4i : . f«*i>i Ht L & I M con fin.nx
Do conv if I05K, Ht L & 8 V in.... <mu
Canada Ho 2d*. . ..lO7i_ f Ht I. Pwcetrn l«ts. m'l
Central f.f Ga ri».UOV« Do 2dn 79
' Do 1-t lnc 7!l |£ A * A X' 4s.... »| >i
Che™ & V 4U*.. .107*4,8 Pacific 4s »4<l
Chlcaif &. A 3'4». Si '_ Railway 0» 121»i
sudden constriction of supplies which was
dreaded yesterday as a result of the unex
pectedly heavy demands converging upon the
New York money market. The calling of sub
scriptions to the San Francisco traction merger
proved a relieving force to some decree in
stead of aggravating the stringency, as had
been feared. This v>s due to the fact tMat
foreigners are subscribers to the syndicate and
their remittances to Xew York in response to
the call "relaxed somewhat the foreign demand
for gold. No further actual engagements of
pold were made to-day and. not all the gold
that was expected was packed for to-morrow's
pteamer. The movement of sold to !?an Fran
cisco has Eonie puzzling features about it and
the applications to Washington authorities for
permission to transfer $50,(100,000 to $00,000,000
to San Francisco arouse surmise as to other
possible demands. Money in London was ap
preciably easier to-day and sterling at Paris
rose a fraction. Both of these movements are
an index of relaxed pressure for sold upon
NVw York. The absence of apprehended
stringency in the money market -was supple
mented by some good returns of gross earn
ings of railroads for the fourth week of Feb
ruary and by confident assurances that there
was no cause for fear of labor troubles In the
anthracite coal fields. The death of Leonard
Lewisohn Induced some selling of Amalgamated
Copper, but the stock found support. Missouri
Pacific was under some pressure, but rallied
with the rest of the market and closed with a
small net gain. Steel stocks maintained their
inertness and moved within a fractional range.
There were wide movements In a number of
less Important stocks. Realizing made some
inroads upon the best prices and the closing
was dull and irregular, but with substantial
net gains remaining.
The bond market was somewhat irregular.
Total sales, par value. 52.920.000.
United States 2s advanced M per cent on
the last call.
STOCK MARKET.
head, or 8%®Ce per lb Hvewelght; yearling*.
HOGS^Llve Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6©
6^c; 200 lbs and over. 5%@5 T /«c: feeders, 5V4c;
sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent oft.
and sta.s, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. -
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bass. June and July. 6c: San
Quentln, 5.55c: Wool Bays, 32@33c: Fleece
Twine, T/.&SC
COAL— Wellington. $0 per ton: Southfl-ld
Wellington. $;) : Seattle. SO 50: R-xant. Sc. BO;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $3 SO; Wall3enJ. $S CO:
Co-operative VVullnend. »S ">0; Cumbt-rland. Sl_
In bulk and {!•'! 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthracite, $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in hull;
end $17 In Macks: Rooky Mountain descriptions.
IS 45 per 200O lb» ami $S 50 per ton. according
tu brand."
OIL. — California Cantor Oil. In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Llns«'«-<1 Oil, in barre!», boit<<l.
ICe; raw, 74c; cater,, .'k; mow; Lucol. <<(ic for
boiled and «4c for raw. in barrels; Lard oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. S5c; cases. 0'c;
China Nut. ZTASK'-Sc p<r Ballon; pur* NVats
foot. in barrels. 7Oc; cases. 7."c: Sperm, pure,
t'5c; Whale OH. natural white. 40®50c p<r «al
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42i.c: cases. 47V4c;
Cocoanut Oil., barrels. CJ'/^c tor Ceylon ana
CS(4c for Australian. '
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
UVjC, Peart Oil. In oa*r3. 2Cc: Astral, 20c;
Htar, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 2Tk"; Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 13c; in
eaxes, 21>^c; Renzlne. in bulk. 14c; In eases,
-'<>Vic; HH-tienTc* Gasoline, in bulk. 1'Oc; In
cases 2«i',jc 1 '
TURPENTINE — 67c per pallon Jn O&ses and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— Prices are 40c lower all around,
except Beet Granulated which Is not quoted.
The Western Sugar Refining Company quote.-*,
per Ib, In 100-lb bass:
Cubes. ' Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.5Cc;
Powdered, 4.33c; Candy Granulated. 4.35c: Dry
Granulated, 4.25c; Confectioners' A. 4.25c 1
Fruit Granulated 4.25c; Beet Granulated OOO
lb baps only), none: Magnolia A, 3.83c; Extra
C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; D, 3.55c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dumlnoj.
half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes, 60 per lb.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
from that quarter will probably ¦ be small r for
some time. •• Rhubarb was lower under liberal
receipts. ; Owing to the wet weather In and
around Lcs- Angeles Vegetables from that sec
tion are coming to hand in poor condition and
the market \ Is - consequently weak. Receipts
were light yesterday, but there was consider
able stock carried over from the previous day.
Peas and Beans especially were In large sup
ply and sales were reported at BOc@$l per sack.'
Eleven' sacks of Peas came m from Alameda
County and sold readily at Cc per lb.
POTATOES— $1 10@l £0 for Burbanks from
the river; Oregan Burbanks. $1 25@1 CO; Ore
gon Garnet Chiles. $1 33@1 50: River Red.*,
$1 CC@1 60; Early Rose, for seed. $1 t!5@l 00;
small Burbanks. for seed, $1 25@1 45; Sw.-ets.
$1 40 for Merced.
ONIONS — OreBon*, $1 75@2 10 flr»t hands;*
Australian. $:{(g3._5; Green Onions, v C0®7.'>c
per box.
VKGETABLES— Asparagus. 15018c p*r lb
for No. 1 an. 8©12>/jc for No. 2; Rhubarb.
tfifi.Sc; Green Peas, from I«ok Angeles. 2^3c;
String Deans, from Los AnreUs. (l!^12',4c. In
cluding Wax; Cabbaffft. 40<350c per ctl; Los
AnceleB Tomatoes.' 7."ici8$1 per- box and (jilfl)
1 f»O per crate: Mexican Tomatoes, XI 01 r.0
per box for repacked: Dried Peppers. 12%«21T.c
per Ib; Lo« Ansreles do. 15i?17 I /ic: Dried Okra.
12'/-^15c p«r Hi; Carrots. 35f/50c per sack;
>IothouBO Cucumbrra. $lft>l 25 per dozen for
Jarjfe and fiO^'itc -for ' small ; Garlic. lH®2Vic;
Lo« Anpeles Or»»n T'«pDer«. luflZOc: Mexi
can do. iodine: Etc*' Plant from Los An^-lr-s.
; Summer K«|ua:--h from I^os Angeles. *lfj
1 60;- Marrov/fat Snuanh. $10 per ton; Hub
b»r>l Siiuash.' $10; Mushrooms. 40c<9$l 30 per
Poultry and. Game.
Two ears of;Kaatern Live Poultry went placed
on the market yrsterday. maklne 4 for the
current weak. Receipts of local Poultry were
analn. light (iind all descriptions were flrm at
unchanged prices.
Came was slightly weaker under heavier re
ceipts, but all. kinds cleaned up fairly well at
slightly lowei' prices, except English Snipe and
Gray Geese, 'which were ¦ firm at unchanged
quotations. Receipts were about 40 sacks.
J POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and lrxgJluc for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 00@l 75; Goslings $2 2.V£2 50; Ducks U 50
£ 5 r%-/ or old and * 6 @ 7 50 for young; Hens,
f4 C0q;5 50; young Roosters, $7@7 50; old Roos
ters. $4@5; Fryers, ?6@6 50; Broilers, $5<gti for
large and $404 60 for small; Pigeons. 51 &O
per dozen for. old and §2 75®3 25 for Squabs.
— Hare, $1@1 20; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and ?1 for Brush; Oray Geese, ?3@
3 50; White Geese, ?1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@2
per dozen; Honkers. $:5@4 50; • English Snipe.
Jack Snipe, $1 50@2; Robins, nominal.
Sugar declined jcc r
Large local exports of specie this year.
Sifccr a fraction Iczvcr. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat dull and featureless. Barley continues to rise sloivl'v.
Oats in belter demand and firm. Corn dull.
Rye advancing under rapidly decreasing supplies.
Beans being shipped in here freely from the river.
Alfalfa Seed advanced sharply.
Hay steady. Rolled Barley firm, Bran and Middlings ivcali.
Butter easier and in better supply. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs continue to decline under heavy receipts. »
Provisions lozvcr at Chicago and neglected here.
No further chcrige in dressed and live Meats. •
Potatoes and Onions quiet and unchanged.
Con for money. 01 1-10 -Louis & Nash... IOC-
Consols for acct. 04 HIM K & T pfd 50%
Anaconda <i% N Y Central 166
Atchlson 77 Norfolk & West.. 5S%
Do pfd:.. 08% Do pfd 82
Dalt & Ohio 10<>% j Ontario & West. .-33%
Canadian Pac ... 1 15 Vi Southern Ry 33
Ches & Ohio..... 4<;>i Do pfd. ......... 97^*
Chic G W -4>i Southern Pac .... 65%
Chic Mil & S P..HI0U Union Pac ......101Vi
D & R G 44'/* Do pfd 80 Vj
Do pfd 93% U S Steel...;:... 44%
Erie 37% Do pfd 97Vi
Do 1st pfd COyJWabash ..\. 23%
Do 2d pfd r»(i D opfd ..".. 43y t
111 Central 142U Spanish 4s 77^
Har silver. w x eak. 2o 5-16d per ounce. • ¦¦¦-.
Money. 2i/>@2% per cent. V ;.'¦
The rate of discount In the open marketjror
short bills is 2 11-16 per cent. 1'f
The rate of discount in the open market; /or
3 months' bills is 2% per cent. lp
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS
NEW VOniC MTXfNO KTOCKS.
Adam* Con W Little Chief 1. l.V
Alice 45 Ontario 7 7."
Hrewe t'rfi O|>!ilr i '•>*
Hriinxvvlck Con... <M! PJioenlx ...'. fn>
<?onu>t«-)<;k .Tunnel . 05 Potoul | ........ ... V ' 0<!
Con ChI & Va 1 2.' \ Savage '. <:.">
Dcailwn'jd Terra.. "lOiHIcrrn Nevnda.... 10
llcirn Hflvt-r 1 -toisjxinll >lope« .... '.40
Iron Silver ; .70' Standard ..;..... a :_"•
Lcadvllle Con ... '.">!¦
JJOf-'TO.N STOCKS AND .BONDS. " ,'¦
Money — | do prefd. '....... .iiih
Cnll lonna •"•?? I WeMineli Conitnn. V" ".
Time loans 4titVi Mlnlnp —
Hond>" — Adventure ....... 21'
Atchlwon 4a 1O_ " Alloues! -".'/i
Gas Iftx Si! Amnlfjaniuted -. .'. (iS^h
Mex C*nt«4* 81 Baltic 4 <i *,-_
N E G & Coke .... 5.1C4 ningham !KI_i
P.nllroada— Calumet & IlecIa.CW)
Atchison 7S% Centennial 37
do prefd ' !)(i% Copper Range ...«'.J)
Boston & Albany. 2(>5 Dom Coat 101 -•
Boston & Maine. .101% Franklin l(i
Boston Klcvated,.lf.2 Isle Roj-ale 2O'/a
N Y N H & H...214 Mohawk' ">•>
Fitehburp pfd 147 Old Dominion ... 'iVfi
I'nion Pacific OtiTu Osceola 7.'!Vi.
Mex Central 27% Parrot . ; 33 \\
Miscellaneous — Qulncy .-.110
Am Sugar 127 Santa Fe Copper. SU
do prefd 118 Vm Tamarack 207
Am Tel & Tel 157',i Trimountain .....100
Dom Iron & Steel 34% Trinity 15
Gen Electric 2!t7 United States ... 17K
Mass Electric ... .'!«% Utah 23%
do prefd 00 Victoria 5 \i
N E Gas & Coke. 5 . Winoiia 1%
United Fruit 01 Wolverine 51
U S Steel 12 : ji
C B A Q new i*. !)5%;Tex gi Pae lots.. 120 U
c;»i s-. at r e 4s..'.i.;u..Toi s;t \. & w.4«. 84^
'¦' & N coi 7«> I.'JS^I'U Pacific it lOd .
C n I fi p 4e UO'/s,! Do ronv 4s 100
C C C & St L. if 4^.104 Wabanh letu. 118%
Chicago Term <«. ST^I Do 2d«... Ill
Colorado A So 4s. >.)V\\ Do deb H 73%
!>nv & R « <*.. 102% | West Shore 4s. ...1I_%
K)-l(» ,"ir!or Hen 4*. !>!)•% Whcc-I & L E 4s.. 01 'A
Uo g-en 4^ fi7% \VI«c Ontrul i*.. R>'4
F \V & I) C \nn.\V\U. Con Tobacco »».*. C5«/6
Hocking Val 4Vi*. 10S%
'SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
suspendea business lo-day in'- respect to the
memory. of the late Leonard Lewisohn. one of
Its prominent members. The New York ; curb
price . for tin was a shade higher at $23 50?»
25-75; copper, lead and -spelter unchanged and
plglron warrants nominal and steady.
Eastern Livestock ¦ Market.
. . ¦ _____ ¦ -
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 5.— CATTLE— Receipts,
21.000; Pteady. 6c lower. Good to prime steers/
$« 5007: poor to medium. 54@0 30; etockers
and feeders. $2 2S05; cowfe, $1 25©5 23; helf
«rs. $2 a|S5U; canners. $1 25©2 20; bulls.
$2 25©i CO; - calves. ' $2 50(&U 50! Tesas-feil
steers, $4 nOQ;5 00.
HOGS— Receipts 38 000; slow, r>g;iOc lower
Mixed and butchen. ?. r > 85<g0 35: Rood, to
choice heavy, $ij 25(&C 40; rough heavy, ?_ l>0
«« 15; light. $5 75<&0.
SHEEP— KecelptH, lti.000; "low. Jower.
Luinba. 10@15c lower Good to choice wether*.
*4 0OI&5 25; fair to choice mixed. $:» "D'Qit M;
Wentern uheep. yearling*. $4 UH&«; native
Iambi). $.'j 7D<ftU 00; Weitt-rn lambs,. $5 25®
0 CO. , -,.
Portland's Business.
% PORTI^AND. ok, March 5.-^-Clearlngfl, $174,
¦W.f. balancf*. $S'.l.44Jt. -'•,='
;>' Northern Wheat Market.
. OREGON. .¦/.;.:
; >- rORTI-AND,- March fi.— WHEAT— Waila
.Walla. We: blu? - stem, O(»' / i^C7c; valley, i;.}
I'^jUOc. ¦ ¦ rr._ .
'-*. - -.WASHINGTON. .:
>v TACOMA, Jlitrcli 0.— WHEAT— Qijlet and
lilue stem, ¦ 00c; club, ,00c. ¦
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. March 5.— Consols. 9i\i: silver,
25 C : lCd: French rentes. lOlf 27%c: wheat car-
KOt:n on passage, steadier; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 30s tid; Walla Walla, 29s 4%d:',Eng
lish country markets, quiet and steady.
U LIVERPOOL, March 5.— Wheat, steady;
'wheat In -Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady;
French : country markets, steady; weather, in
England, cold' and damp. ' .
., COTTON— Uplands, ,4%d.
THE SAN '.¦FRANCISCO CAiL, THURSDAY; MARCH 6, ivvz,
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
TV.o pressure has fallen rapidly over th»
Pantile slope. From Sar. Francisco to Cape
Flattery has been a fall of half an Inch or
nioi-p during the past twenty-four hour*. The
<5l*ti;rbariCe w,;i probably move southeastward
ami pive general rain in California. Rain has
e!rf>r.rfy fallen over the central and northern
jifrtinn of th» State. Southerly wlndr, avei
epiiip thirty-five mile? per hour are reported"
Jn ttie Sacramento Va'Jcy and in the bay sec
tion.
Tl-c temperature has fallen about 12 degrees
at I-n« Anzf\e* and Fan Dle^o.
J-nutheast fto:m warningf are displayed from
Port I.'arford northward and advisory mes
mw tvivp lir-en srnt to southern points.
Fownit ma.ie ft.t S?.n Francisco for thirty
hoiirr '¦-ndinr midr.iKht March «:
N->r<h«>rn California— Rain Thursday: brisk
in high southerly winds changing to north
»^»cThprn ralifornia— Haln Thursday; biiek
t" hij h southerly wind?.
Npv.-.^a— Rain Thursday: brisk to high caft
er'.y uir.Os.
?an Frarcis'n nnd vicinity— Rain Thursday;
br.s-k to h:gh pruuherly winds.
ALEXANDER O McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Nczv York Stock Market:
•CrW YORK. Msr<:, si*Fr*culatlv> gpnti
rr.rnr v.a» fomevvhat reawurrd u.-riny over the
m<<n«';. outlook and the rather aeuie *vfakn<-».g
vilfi. wiilch the trarflnr «¦»<)».) last nitht wa*
t\trrnvni- afir-T. a tim*-. It «•«» in <-v\Aonc.r
during the nomine, but the market firtiduaCy
fflti'd rnrt; Into Jt» recent rendition of AM
f'-fc bud vpbtln*i*. thf Fr^cl-ltles aanlr. <nm
inft. Xo <ne front. Tb*n- were sV>me'f_iir'y wn
«;i:- : ..I iffif fir her* 1 and thr-re which urn'-fl to
!«••¦•> thf undertone of rhf narrow market
tn -ui . T_e mency market failed tu »| 1U »- tao
Articles — Open. ' High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — •
May 76% 70% 76^4' 76% >
July' 7614 77k lOYj 70*4
September 75% 76% 7594- 76i£
Corn No. 2 — '
May :.... 61% 62>£ 01 »i 62
July ,. 61% 61% Mil. 61%
September 50 ••.59% . 69 .. 59%
Oats No. 2 — .
May .....U «H ¦ **% «¦ 44%
July 35Mi 36 35% 35%
September 30% 30*4 30>4 30%
Mess Pork, per barrel — '¦ . -. . . • ¦ ,
May 1.1 25 15 32% 15 10 15 10
July 15 42% 15 50 - 15 30 15 30
Lard, per 100 pounds — . • . ' . •
May ....0 32% 0 35 0 27% 0 27%
July » 47% 0 47% 9 40 9 40
September 9 57% 0 57% 9 50 9 50
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 8 32% 8 35 8 27% 8 27%
July 8 47% 8 50 8 40 8 40
September 8 60 8 60 8 62% 8 50
Cash quotations ¦ were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 75%c: No. 2 red,
81%@83c; No. 2 oats. 44%c; No. 2 white, 460
47c: No. 3 white, 44%@40c:,No. 2 rye. 58% @
M)c: fair to choice malting barley, 69@62%c:
No. 1 flaxseed, $ 1 06; . No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 71: prime timothy seed, $6 35; mesa pork,
per barrel. $15015 10: lard, per 100 pounds.
$0 12>i@9 15: short-rib sides (loose), $S 10©
8 30;. dry salted shoulders <boxed), $7 12%iQ
7 25; short clear sides (boxed). $8 55@8 65.
Articles— Receipts. 1 Shipments.
Flour, barrels " 52.000 37,000
Wheat, bushels SU.OOO 34 000
Corn, bushels 102.000* • 84,000
Oats, bushels 16B.000 108.000
Rye. bushels 10,000 15 OdO
Barley, bushels 26,000 . . 20,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery. 18@25e: dairy
18«223c. Cheese, steady, ll^l^c. Egffs!
weak: fre*h. lS@l»c. .:.¦-•¦-
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MARCH 5. .•
Flour, qr nk»... 23,239 Hay. tonn 315
Wh»»at. ctl».... 2.."U<! *nraw. ton* _1*J
Parley, rtln ?,,Z>'2~. Pelt*. b<11» -''->
Oat*. ctl» 4.:p HIcIm. No 2«S
Beans. k1:s e.riTn SuKar. ctls 2.112
rom, ctl* M5 Quli-kifit. flikx.. •>••
Rye. ctls S-'JO Wine, sals l(W.25i>
Putaton-.- *k*»... MM Llmr, bbl* 1«2
Onion*, iika SMJ Chicory, _Ms... l»
Bran. »ks 3.!>'.is leather, roll*... ••»
Middling.. •_».. 2(11 '»
OREGON.
Flowr, nr sks... l.TIC'Woot. bales.... 8
Potatoes, ska... 154 i
AUCTION SALES*
Auction Sak > ;^
"* AT
MirSION STREET STABLE?, Hi Mission St.
Between Fourth and Fifth.
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, fil 11 en 6 at 11 a. m
By order of M. Fitzpatriclc. who U retir!--
from business .in account of Ill-health. I will
sell the content* of the above ittaalci i without
reserve consisting of 40 head of Rood hordes.
15 buggies. 15 wagons. _ rubber-tlrea bn;'-
Rl#». 1 nurrey 1 Boot! hark «•*» K 00 ' 1 a » n * w >
40 sets of harn'-m. robe*, blanket*, etc.
JOHN J DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Office .T27 Sixth Street. ¦¦*/¦«-OAKLAND. March 5.— Licenses to mar
ry were Icmued to-day to Charles A. An
dernou. aged 28. and France* K. Hoftard,
tt, both of Oakland; Rush D. Daker Jr.,
?j, and Kate W. Donne. 18, both of Oak
land: Wllllum Tuggey, over 60, and Emma
iv licss, over 40, both of Ban Francisco;
Harry timlth. 31, and Caroline E.Urant,
S3, both of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of tho Fish
Commission states that F. Brundage and
Clifford Corey were fined $25 each for
deer killing by Justice of the Peace Llllle
of Vlsalia yesterday. Vogelsang says that
the deputies are on the track cf other
game law violators In that vicinity.
Game Law Violators Are Fined.
Arthur W. Rennisom, who was married
to Elsie Rennisom at Vancouver in 1SS3,
filed a suit for divorce yesterday. I^e
charges his wife with intemperance and
cruelty. The Rennisoms have four chil
dren and. the father asks for their cus
tody.
Jennie II. Carey, whose marriage to Jos
eph B. Carey was celebrated in 18S9, Is su
ing for divorce # on the ground of failure
to provide. She gays she has* been com
pelled to depend upon her own exertions
for the support of herself and child for
the last year.
T. Frank Terry is suing Delia Terry for
divorce on the ground of desertion. They
were married at Santa Rosa in August,
1R£G, and have two children. Terry al
leges that his wife deserted him in Janu
ary. 1895. -J."«
Thomas J.' Connor filed a suit for di
vorce yesterday against I^avinia Connor,
alleging- desertion. The Connors were mar
ried at Cincinnati In 1894.
Desertion. '
vorce on the Ground of
T. Frank Terry Brings Suit for Di-
SANTA ROSA COUPLE
TIBE OF MABBIED LIFE
A prlltlon In Infolv^ney wo/« filed in tha
ITnllrd PtnlrK Dlstrlrt Court yoinrrday by
K. Flebrechl. rrntaurnnt-Ucrpor, Ban
I'-mnriBco. ]lal<llltlen U3.M7, of which
12205 ts duo to hi* employes and $?CO0 to
'•hnrUw l^lrt K Cn. nf 1h1-» rlty.
Insolvent 1>M;iui nnt Man.
Smuggler Mnrnkicht la Sentenced
Mlkl Mtmtklf-hl, a JapAtiw,' who ,wna
utrrMfd recently fpr smuggling a emit)!
fjut-ntHy fif 'I'll from & Japan*** *tr»mrr,
**** n^nlf-ne^d > > »*«t^^dny by UnltMl HtntrH
Dlrtrlt-t Jurte*' d> Hnvr-n \o flxty dayit*
imprlBonmrht In tho County Jail and lo
pey a fine of %'J>.
Dunran Is tho lust of the four men to
be tried for Wee's murder an<1 unusual in
terest in bring evinced In the result of
the trial, as It Is believed by thn prosecu
tion that he Instigated the plot to murder
Hire. Attorney John J. Uarrctt is asso
ciated with Attorney Hutton for tho Ce
fendant, who also appears to fully recog
nize the seriousness of his position. At«
torney Peter F. Dunne and Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Alford represent the prose,
cutlon.
Whfn th« cbb« ot Edward J. Duncan,
churgfd with the murder of Ucorso W.
likr, ih.' non-union machlQlMt, at Tweti
twiii an<1 Howard streets, on October II,
w«s called in Judgf? Lawtor'i court yen>
tfrdny Attorney llutton announced that
bf would nimndon hiH ro*jut*Ht that tho
cp^f- \w triitinP-rrrd to unother drpart
mont. Thn work of ("ncurhiR thp Jury was
at ont'fi iirorrctird with nnd whrn court
ndjou^ied for tht? «iay three Jurors had
been accepted. They are BamuH 11, Col
lins, Jewejcr; Henry o. RtcarnH, oonToc
tlonpr, and Qldeon I\ Woodward, nta
tinner.
Pressed.
of Venuo la Not
Demand of the Defense for a Change
DUNCAN'S TBIAL FOB
MURDEIi COMMENCES
A vory pleasing concert for the violin
ln\cr Ih In (Horn 'for Friday ovenlng next
at Metropolitan Tumplo, when MIhs 1*»«o-"
nora JacUaon will nuute her Only. appear-
The final symphony concert under the
auspices of the San Francisco Symphony
Society, to take'place at the Grand Opera
house to-morrow* afternoon at 3:15, prom
ises to be the greatest musical event of
this season. Director Paul Steindorff haa
arranged a programme out of the ordinary
and one that is well worth listening to.
It Is as follows: . .
Symphony No. fl (Erolca). (a) Allejrro cot
brio (L. von. : Beethoven), (b) Funeral March,"
uiliUTio assal, (c); Scherzo, nllegro vivace (d)
Finale, alleKro molto, dooq andante, prento;'
overturn, "Tho Flylnj* Dutchman" (R, Wag
ner) { (o) Norwegian Volkmnelodlo (Johan Hven
»«n), (b) Serjnadu (K.- 1'lorno), for etrlng or
chestra; EapanolR (IS. Chabrler).
The pale of seats Is progressing at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'b with a. large de
mand. . .
In- spite of the inclement' weather a
large house greeted tha' first concert of
tho Philharmonic Society at Native Sons'
Hall last night. The society reorganized
eomo few months ago under, the leader
ship of Giullo Minetti, and since that timo
haa been steadily at work. Thero are
Hfty-four members in tho orchestra, and
the leader may be warmly congratulated
on the good work that has been accom
plished. The following excellent pro
gramme was Interpreted with spirit and
precision by the clever amateurs:
Overture 1 .... V on Suppe
bymphony (No. 1 ) Beethoven .
Andante Cantablla Tschalkowsky
AValtz . . . .'. . . . . . , ..............;...... strauaa
Miss Grace Freeman, ¦ a talented pupil
of Mr. Minetti; assisted the orchestra and
gave a notable rendering 'of the "Con
certo Romantlque" of Godard, accom
panied by the orchestra. *
¦ Kiiinin Novadtt in to kIv« n xpeond con
cert on Huturdny afternoon nt Metropoli
tan Tetnplo. Madumo Nevada is in good
form herself nnd has with her thrio
nrtiptM ot unusual capacity. Any ono do*
Hlrnua of hearing tho llnest 'cello playing
that has been heard here for many moonrf
chould by no means miss hearing Pablo
Cusuls. lie is a wonder. No more strong
ly magnetic player on any Instrument hus
over appeared on a San Francisco plat
form, and his personal spell is backed by
on unimpeachable technique and a style
of 'Utmost 'distinction. ' Tho flutist, Daniel
Maqunrre, is also an artist of enviable
achievement, his .tone and style "being
marked by a delicate purity and perfect
l.uency. Moreau plays the piano with a
familiar French accent and lends inter
eat to tho delightfully varied programme;
Tho ChutoH nml Zoo have nn ptitlro
Orphtium bill thin week, tho (modal at*
traction for to-night being u "ftu ludluu'
jiatuto race." • ¦
Woodward's Winter Cirflus'nt th« Wo'od
wnrd Pavilion proms to havo filled ft long
frit want, to Judgo by tho lorga crowds
that nro making their fimwanuieo thorn
(it e\i<i-y pflrfonnanefl. There has been
an entire change of hill, ami features of
much Interest nro being adOud right
ulong. i
Tim ten ¦Nelsons, acrobats,- and tho most
wonderful before tho public; tho Auers,
who make' pictures out of rags;. Eva
Mudare, a lightning change artist and
I«RFCrj the MeerB, comedy wire walkers;
Billy Clifford, tho amusing voeallBt and
storyteller; tho four Probyn ntflters, In-
BtrumetallBtB, and Nugent and FertiR,
who present "Tho Abntmt-mindod Beg
jjur," aro pome of tho nntertalnors who
nervo to pack tho Orphoum every night,
Next Hundoy Paul Clnquevalll, admitted
y thfl ureatflst juffglor In the world, will
begin a limited engagement.
themselves In favor with the Fischer
clientele, and the minor people are now
""rT./J 6 XH , t0 tlme In hopeful fashion.
iJttle Christopher," a J burlesque new
here. Is now In active preparation and
will follow "The French Maid."
VETERAN .COMEDIAN WHO HAS BEEN SIXTY YEARS ON THE STAGE
AND WHO COMES TO THE CALII ORNIA NEXT SUNDAY IN BaIjT
LEY CAMPBELL'S CLASSIC DRAMA, "THE WHITE SLAVE." '
Rev. Dr. E. R. Diile last night delivered
an Interesting lecture on the city of Lon
don before a large audience of British-
Americans at the Academy of Sciences.
The lecture was given under the auspices
of the British-American Association, and
its president. William Grecr Harrison, in
introducing the lecturer, took occasion to
tou^h on the relations existing between
this country and England, which he
prophesied were bound to draw the two
nations closely together on all the great
questions conironting the world.
The lecture of Dr. Dille was illustrated
by a series of stereopticon views of the
notable buildings and streets of London.
The familiar scenes struck a responsive
chord in the breasts of the audience,
which was composed mostly of English
people, and both the pictures and the
wor.is of the speaker were frequently ap
plauded.
In addition to the lecture Master and
Misa Gray rendered a piano duet, Miss
Caroline L.. Crew sang two soprano solos,
Miss Hay Scott gave a contralto solo and
Mrs. Josephine Crew-Aylwln played two
selections on the piano.
and Musical Programme Before
British-American Society.
Interesting Stereopticon Exhibition
LTXTURE ON LONDON
BY KEV. E. B. DILLE, DJd.
Vleohcr'a Theater still has full houses,
with "Tho Franch Mold" as .tho pro
nramme. The clever principals of tiio
now company have ' fully established
"The Last Stroke" is finding favor wilh
tho large patronage at the Central Thea
ter. The flceno Is laid In Cuba and offers
many opportunities for picturesque set
tings that havo been taken tho fullest
advantage of by the Central Btugo man
agement. The play Is well cast and well
Slayed. Next week "Oliver Twlnt" will
d put on. ¦ » ¦
The patrons of Vthe • Grand Opera-house
are finding "A Contented Woman" much
to their liking. It is the best thing that
has been done since George Ober s en
gagement at the popular house. Ober
himself has in Uncle Todie a part that
stullB his comic quality to a nicety, . and
Margaret Terry as Aunt Jim and Lillian
Albertson as Grace Holmeare are much
enjoyed In their respective, parts. Next
week will be given "A House That Jack
Built." v-A;
"At tho White Horse Tavern," at tho
Alcazar Theater, is pleasing tho large
houses that the dainty, little comedy de
bcrvea and is getting. The piece Is ex
cellently cast, notably good work being
done all along the line. George Osbourne
ehlnes conspicuously as the fiery Pupa
Giesticke, but the whole company does
well. It Is worth any one's while to drop
in at the Alcazar this week, and the
likelihood will be that it will not be his
only visit. Praticularly .good Is the set
ting of the little-play.
"The Serenade" is a hit of unusual pro
portions ut the Tivoll, tho uttendanco be
ing limited by the capacity of the house
n nd- the advance sale , correspondingly
large. All the clever people taking part
have made good, and Steindorff and Hart
man have dono wonders in handling the
music and business of the piece. Hart
man makes a great hit with his topical
?>ongs. Cunningham, Anna Llchtcr .and
Frances Graham aro thoroughly compe
tent for the vocal requirements, and
Harold -Webb, Cashman' and
Schuster complete a cast of unusual
merit. "The Serenade" is up for an In
definite run.
"Arlponn" In tho nttntotlvp offe-vlna at
the Columbia TImuI.t thtwa nightN. It li
• fi <-••! i v«-i v HttiKfd nml t.ii,i an absorbing
lUory of love and ndventurs In tho Wetu
k-rn territory. Thornim linn dotio »oms
Hood work In this piece, nnd tho cunt in*
iriiHlfd. with the portrayal of tho vurinuu
oliftt'uctem 1h to.bu' commoiKied for tlio
clnvKWoM of its work. (Jrnt'o Elllnton
ii » Hoiiltn In one of tho bttst figures in the
play, nnd tho samo may bo said ot Uarrl
pen Armstrong an Unify Candy. Frnzer
Coulter, Grace Thorno, Frank Campeau
mil William Huteeltlno ure a fow among
the fltio list of plnyerB. "Arizona" Is to
bo tho bill at the Columbia Theater ovory
night, including Sundays, all of this and
next week. Thero will bo a matinee Sat
urday. The next- attraction will bb
lilonche Walsh in '.'La Madeleine" ana
"Janice Meredith." .
"Rupert of Hentzau," this week at tho
California, is one of the best things that
popular playhouse has given us during
the present eeaHon. The play Itself bus*
laina an intense Interest throughout anil
it is well acted by a good company. Tlie
lightning changes made by Hurry I elKh- 4
ton in the dual role of the King und Jtu
dolf Raenendyll have been tho subject of
coiulderablQ comment during the per"
I'urmancL'* given thus far. Thin afternoon
a Hperlal mutlnee will bo fitvon of "Tho
Prisoner of Zondn." which piny will ids..
bo given at the Haturday matinee. Tho
last ptrfgrmnnce of "Jtupert" will bo on
I'l.itiniiiy nlKht,
When Bartley Campbell first produced
his powerful play, "The White Slave,'.'
Frank Drew was selected for the. charac
ter part of Mr. Stitch, the comical -lawyer.
That was twenty years ago, and the vet
eran actor has been doing Mr. Stitch ever
since. The entire company presenting
"The White Slave" is one of the strong
est that has been seen hero in a long
while. In it thero are members who havc
been playing in the piece for years, even
incluaxng several of the originals.
SIXTY years on the stage and
twenty years in the same char
acter. This is the record of the
veteran comedian, Frank N.
Drew, who comes to the Cali
fornia next Sunday in Hartley Camp
bell's classic drama. "The White Slave."
Drew is a • brother of John Drew
Sr., father of the popular actor of thr.t
name. Long before . the present John
Drew came into the world the two broth
ers and their wives constituted almost a
company by themselves and at that time
were recognized as among • tho foremost
of America's exponents of tho dramatic
art. With them were associated Joseph
Jefferson, John Sleeper Clark, John IS.
Owens and many other shining lights of
tho stage. When Joseph Jeff erson • pro
duced his memorable "Rip Van Winkle"
both Frank Drew and his sistcr-ln-law,
Mrs. John Drew, were In the cast. They
vere also in the original cast of "The
Rivals."
Becaufp of the prominence of th* Piercy
family ih<» quarrel of the brothers over
their mother is attrartlng: considerable
attention. Edward PJf-rry Js a wolJ-known
• HPltallet. There la a blif army of legal
talfnt In the f-as«. \\\ If. I*. Humes and
<". 1). Wrljrht appear for Edward Piercy,
fjeorge A. Knight and n. A. H<«rlnKt«in
for Andrew VU-rev nnd Nnh!« Hamilton
rind It. M. J". d»i 8<itn repr«-nent Mrs.
Plrrry. ¦¦¦-j
Andrew Pi.rey. the petitioner for letters
of guardianship, was next railed. He said
his mother was influenced by Edward
Pierry and that the latter would not let
her visit him. II« said the bitterness be
tween his brother and himself was
brought about by his mother deeding the
property to Kdward.
. Mrs. Mart* I. a (Jausrhter of Mrs. Pirrry,
testified that her mother was in her right
mind and capable of managing her own
affairs. She said her mother would live
with hrr if her brother Edward would
permit it.
Brvrrnl other witnesses were examined
and the cas-'f* wrnt over till to-morrow.
Miss Hipgins and Miss Mamie Walker
Cave testimony tending to show that Ed
ward Piercy exercised undue influence
over his mnlher.
Edward Piercy testified that he took
pood care of his mother; that fIip was
Fatirfied where Fhe was and had every
thing chf desired. He got very excited
during his examination. lie denied r-vor
having isppropriated any of his mother's
money. He said his mother had^ given his
brother Andrew a great deal ef money
and had to pay Andrew's debts.
Edward Becomes Excited.
The witness said Mrs. Pierey's surround
ings wcro very poor and she did not fare
well. Edward would bring prepared food
from a delicatessen store and have it
•warmed over. In the five davs Miss
Epeneer acted as nurse, she paid. Edward
had supplied six bottles of whisky for his
mother's use. which the witness was in
structed to give to Mrs. Plerry, diluted
with \%at«r. On one occasion Edward had
abused the witness for allowing a little
girl to visit !::s mother.
"Isn't he bringing all these lawsuits
a?raii:st you and didn't he threaten to
ehooi j-ou?"
Mr-5. Piercy would answer that such was
not the case. *
>ljfs Spencer said Edward Piercy was
in afnd out of the rooms all day. When
his imother reproached him for keeping
Andrew away from her he replied: .
"Finally he instructed me not 10 allow
fir.y one to visit his mother." said Miss
Spencer, "without his permission, but told
me I might humor her by writing at her
dictation whatever she requested, but to
deliver such writing to him. During the
time 1 attended Mrs. Piercy she was con-
Ftantly desirir.g that she might be al
lowed to summon her son Andrew by tel
egraph or telephone.* I would promise to
do so. but ehe would forget it in a little
while." '•-* -: :
At the hearing of puarUUmshlp procee.fi
lng« to-day Miss b'i'onccr, who nad been
employed in Ban Francisco by Edward
Piercy to nurse his mother and had acted
in such capacity from February 8 to la,
was a witness. She Eaid Edward Piercy
had taken her to the room where his
mother was confined to her bed and in
structed her as to her duties, lie told
her to listen when any one called upon
his mother and to remember what was
eaid and repeat It to him. The witness
eaid she was to write at Mrs. Pierey's dic
tation whatever was requested, but keep
eueh writing and turn it over to Edward.
Testimony of o Nurse.
A thort tlma aco Mrs. Piercy «ued her
son, J .:«.:• ii Piercy, to recover po»sef>fflon
cf J30,OiK» worth of x j ruperty, the ueed«Ho
which elio alleged 12dvvard had obtained
fraudulently. Jleforo this suit came to
trial Mir. Flcrcy' suited to have it dU>
minted, avsartlnur that sho had never uu-
; .'•¦ -i '¦¦¦¦ 'i thtt minor of tti« suit.
Then Andrew l'lerry appllod for letters
cf £uardiitn*hlp of the person and riAuto
of till* mother, alleging that hi* brother
i . : v- .; i •! wan keeping her a prisoner at the
Stanford llou*i» in this city and waulu
ullow no one to see her. Ho declared his
mother's estate was worth more thafi
$.1W,OW>. To this Kdward objected und he
is contcctlng tho appointment of his
Lrothcr us guardian.
SAN JOSE, March 5.— Sensational tes
timony was given to-day at the hearing
of ihe petition of Andrew J. Piercy for
the guardianfchip of his mother, Mary J
Piercy, in Judge Hyland's department of
tho Superior Court. The strife In- tho
Piercy family it of long standing, and
while Kdward and Andrew Piercy, iba
brothers, have Bt-ttled. their differences
from time to time trouble has alwaj!) re-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I would n*k," Hftld tho wltncei, "If It
would not 1h« much better to vxcuno mo
from nnnworltiK In view of tho fnct that
<U<i)crnl Mcrrltt Id in Washington, and
you run nt the lnformatlua from him
lim-hand?" •
"1 rrcfrr to nsk you nnd you can.an
¦iur hs you ece fit." Bald Patterson.
"1 don't think I ought to nhswer that
question," replied General liughca.
ContlnulnK hln tentlmony, in reply to
further' questions, the witness Bald tho
Filipinos had nlded the Americans ma
terially by their knowledge of the country
nnd the accommodations they had Bup
plled, but the FillplnoB never have
been considered a part of the fighting
force in the operations against the Span
ish forces.
"The principal consideration in con
nection with them was to keep them out
of the way/'- he said.
Governor Taft was questioned further
tc-day concerning slavery in the Philip
pines by members of the House Insular
Committee. The commission had under
taken no legislation as to slavery, he
paid, and the action taken by the military
has bten, first, to release Christian
Biaves. and second, to prevent slave-raid
ing: parlies from capturing slaves. Be
sides this constant moral Influence
was being exerted toward the eradication
of the system. The Governor said polyg
amy was confined to tha Datos and head
men. S
As to the proposed new coinage law,
Governor Taft .said that If there were
differences on theories of coinage the com
mission did not want this to delay the
other essential features of legislation for
the islands. The coinage measure in
volved the maintenance of the gold stand
ard, which he believed could be done. He
thought the adoption of the American
financial system in the islands would be
diejistrous by bringing about sudden
changes. The Governor favored three
Philippine delegates to Congress, repre
senting the three great tribes or elements
of the Philippines. The committee agreed
to close the extended hearings to-morrow
and Governor Taft will then leave Wash
ington, to be gone about three weeks.
"The capture of that city was by pre
arrangement and between General Mer*
rltt and Admiral Dewey and the Spanish
fotniaunder, was it not?" Patterson
;sr !¦-< il. '^r-.f-^V'y^i
"i Know nothlnjr about tha,t," respond
fd (lonirul UuKht'8. .
"An a military man,' what it* your be-*
If* f. founded upon your eonvernatlon with
your HUptTiornr" i J utter»on then, aeked. '
1 BiMiittor Urvrrldgo lniiUtcd that tho
nu«-ntiyn wan not proper, but l'atierpon
inKlatcnl that it wa».
WASHINGTON, March 5.— General
Hughes was subjected to a series of
questions by Senator Patterson and Qther
minority members of the Senate Commit
tee on the Philippines In the course of his
testimony before that committee to-day.
In reply to these questions he said the
Filipinos' torcts would have been but of
little aesistancc if it had been necessary
to capture Manila from the Spaniards by
assault.
Witness Declines to Explain
£ ' Hotv Manila Wa3^
Nurse Tells of Edward's Sur
veillance Over His Aged
Mother.
General Hughes Tells
Senators About the
Islanders.
Sensational Testimony Is
Given in the Piercy
Case. /
It Is Twenty Years Since the Clever Actor's First Appearance in the
Role 'of the Lawyer in "The White Slave, '" -and ;He Still Plays
¦j It— r- Attractions at Playhouses Are Drawing Appreciative Audiences
FILIPINOS AID
OF SMALL VALUE
BROTHERS WAR
IN THE COURTS
VETERAN COMEDIAN FRANK DREW
IS COMING TO CALIFORNIA THEATER
'. $1 83 will buy regultir celebrated $3 50
¦hoea for cither men or women, neat and
BtvllKh, nt the Hee lilvo bhoo Co., 717
Market it., near Third. . ?,
The Manufacturers' Sale ot Shoes.
The Santa Fa Co. has arranged for second
cla*i round-trip IlomegetkerV • ticket* from
Chlcaso. Bt. Loul«. Kanaaa City and polnta
w#at to California and return at one nrst-cla»
limited {ure plu» f2 for the round trip. Dal**
c.f rule of iuch lU-UftH from tha gait have baen
nxeii March 4th nnd JKth. April lit and 15th,
May «iih anil 2.0th. Oolnir limit fii'tren day*,
final limit to return tweMy.one day*. For full
Information rogarUlnR thc«o excursions call uu
nesuevt Santa t'o ubciu.
Cheap Round-Trip Tickets Prom tho
East to California "and Return.
LONDON, March 5.— In a dispatch from
Pretoria tho correspondent of the Stand
ard says that Mr. Steyn and General De
wet have passed the Natal line and it la
reported are eonf«rrlns with General
Bohtha in the Utrecht. district.
"With. General Botha.
Steyn and! Deyref Are Conferring
PASS THE NATAL LINE.
WASHINGTON, March 5.-The House
Committee on Public Lands to-day or
dered a favorable report on the bill to
acquire the- giant tree tract of California.
The Secretary of the Interior is author^
Ized to purchase it for not over $300,000,
cr to resort to condemnation' proceedings.
KEPOBT IS FAVORABLE
ON BIO TREE PURCHASE
The last of the regular schedule of
double team contests in the San Francisco
Bowling Association's tournament wero
played last night. on the American alleys.
There still remains? some postponed games
to be played., The scores of the games
last night follow:
Jllnott . ;..1B3 133 180 Hlnck .. ...178 101 1B!>
Crawrord .142 178 100 Kunit .....150 ifli jrwj
,v,Total» ' .'.203 311 340 ,, Total! ..,.334 3'J5 312
Bush '.....155 1C0 170 Mtnott . ...104 174 180
Muller,....10l> 184103 Crawford ..202 187 ISO
TotaU ..STi 344 303 Total* ...300 StU UtJO
The bowling tournament of the Olympic
Athletic Club was concluded yesterday
aftpr a. Berles of interesting contests ex
tending over three nights. The first claBs
medal was won by Dr. G. W. Birdsall.
The second class went to E. E. , Simpson
and the third went to W. S. Holllng. J. A.
Klein bowled the hlehest score 'for a
single game, 214 points. The complete
scores follow: •
¦ First ¦¦ class— Dr.. G. W. Birdsall 637. A.
Grifnn D34, Dr. E. J. McConnell 0^6, W. II.
Lux MS, Johnstone Klllott 501, \V. J. Raubln
ger 400. T. G. Splllane 47 1, II. O. Martina
4(J(l, J. E. O'Brien 401, O. Hess 453. W. Gam
mon 4J13. E. ,K. Kuss 431. J. L. Dunn 431. Wil
liam >!uckifl 420, B. McGlbbon 425, W. L,;
Stadfeldt 411, George P. Fuller 411, . George
Cole 301. . • . •
Second class — E. K. Simpson 510, P. N. Han
na-42b.¦¦•William Mlddleton 41S, T. Carmany
V.<n. I... V. Starr 3ti2. H. Justin 358,. J. R. Cole
350. W. H. Smith. S-lil. W. J. Bush J3C, J. K.
Bockman 324,. Louis Dorr 300.
. Third class — AV. S. Holling 453. J. A. Klein
451,-GeorKe Sullivan. 430, H. ¦ J. Irwin-3H7, It.
Bowman, ¦ 350, Con .Roman 855, C. E. Matta
a'U!, 8. J. Pembroke 831, \V. R. Berry 3.11,
.T A. McGregor 320. R. B. Cornell 322. Ed
Goeller 30D, Lester Hammersmith -303, Al. L.
Clapp 300. ' / . ¦ ' r
OLYMPIC BOWLEKS END
SUpCESSFUL TOURNAMENT
A splendid programme has been ar
ranged • for the testimonial to be ten
dered to Henry Holmes at Sherman-Clay
Hull t ci-n itrMt. .
Next week the song recital of Katharlrio
I'Jsk, who is the most promising ginger
in the wav of contraltos who has coma
this way for many years In concert pro
grammes, will begin. Un, risk has won
lame in the great concert centers of Eu
rope, and tho fact that she has appeared
with orchestraa of tho reputation of the
Jjondun 1'hllharmonlo, the Colonne orchea
fta in Paris, the Richter and Sir Charles
Hallo orchestras | H all that Is required
"tnnding. Mrs. FlBk'g. first concert will
take place on Tuesday evening next lit
Bnerman & Clay Hall, and this will bo
her programme:
"kunsl del Garo flene".,. , Ceeehl
"PKldoinsAinkcIt" . Urn imi
;'I)fr Tod iinil dni Madolipn" Hchuhm
Wlntfrnwht" iloitS"
"I'Kselavft" ....:...., Lain
KSSlHWHSSUi " :. ¦ FoniMmm.*
"Thtt silver nn«" .Chamliuul..
"oh That Wa ¥wo Wero MBylim". ...7...
Jhe mniiflllon' 1 Clmdwlok
Tie number Uont" ............. ,,.. K v,*yn o t
"The JrtpKtieio liovn Bonn"... .Thonuia
"The UMnliwpr and the li<mo"..i!. A, IlruRule>'u
Thren hi ins from "BamBon nnd Delilah"..
(A) ' "P-air ' HpVlnir 'iV 'n#turning M *.°V. .**""
(b) "Oh. L,ov« of Thy Pow«?r >r .
(c) "Softly Awakens My Heart," (by
special request). ..,..,..,...
.-¦;,¦ i)''-:,'' ? • ?
ance bere this season. Miss Jackson's
former visit last year is well remembered
b.v those who were fortunate enough to
hear her. She will be assisted by Harry
pianist "' tenor '' and William Bauer,
VIENNA, March 5.— It .was learned to
day from an authoritative source that the
Auatro-IIungarlan mission at Washing
ton will be raised to an embassy In 1903
as evidence of the cordial relations exist
ing , between Austria-Hungary ¦ and the
WASHINGTON, March 6.— The State
Department has not received information
that Austria has decided definitely to
raise Its mission to this country to tho
rank of an embassy,' but It is known here
that the matter has been given some con
sideration by Austria. Should Austria
raise its mission to an . embassy the
United States . would follow suit. It is
stated here the Government of Spain hag
al3o been considering the question of rais
ing its mission to the United States to an
embassy. '____
EJ.tBASSADOR WILL
REPRESENT AUSTRIA
CONSTANTINOPLE, Monday, March 3.
—Oenerul ClmUir PushR, brother of tho
late Grand Vlaler, has been Rrreited at
Koimk, inland of Prlnkipos. The Sultan
ordered Hand Edin Piwhti, tho military
futmnandnr of Constantinople, to person
ally nrrest Chnklr Pn*ha. Aoeomrtanlrd
by sixteen officers, Hand Kdln Pnsha
started from Cunstuntlnoplfl in a launch,
crowed thn flosuhonis nnd. landed on tho
Hkuturlu short) at 2 o'cloclc In the morn
ing. Tho party then took a special train
to Kttrtnl mid thent'o In small boats to the
Inland of 1'rlnklpoa, whero they effected
tho nrrcst of Chaklr 2'asha.
. Tho nucccnslvo Incarcerations and ban
ishments of important dignitaries are
causing widespread uneasiness here. .
EULTAN'S HEAVY HAND . •:
LAID UPON CHAKIB PA8HA
While receiving the apostolic benedic
tion Cardinal Richard of Paris, the leader
Of the French delegation, stood at the
foot of the throne and read an address
to the sovereign pontiff, who responded,
saying that he was profoundly moved by
the visits and salutations. Leo XlH's re
ply to the Cardinal's address was ex
tempore, spoken with great enthusiasm
and vigor and was heard distinctly
throughout a hall fifty feet wide, and
eighty feet long. Cardinal Bislete also
gave a short written address, for the
Pope.
Thero was abundant evidence to-day
that the Pope's health Is better and that
he is stronger than he appears to be
when moved by the public demonstration*
of the people of the great occasions at
St. Peter's. At closo quarters every one
saw to-day by his keen attention, fre
quent smiles,, hla flashing eyes and the
cdnstant movements of his hands how In
tently he followed all that waa going on.
Some persona closo by him say that he la
aa well now a» he was ten yeara ago and
that they would not Ee surprised if ha
lived to bo 100 years old. deneral ,Pat
temon of Philadelphia wan also present,
NEW YORK, March 5.— A " World spe
cial from Rome says:. John Wanamaker
was received at the Vatican to-day by the
Pope, together with a . delegation of a
hundred distinguished men of the French
church. Tho interview took place at 10:30
a.- m. 4n the consistral hall. The Pope en
tered in a sedan chair, which was closed
on all sides. Ho was dressed in red robes
on entering, but he afterward laid them
off and appeared in spotless white.
POPE LEO RECEIVES
WELL-KNOWN" AMEBICAN
- PORTLAND, March 5. — At the session of the
Pacific union conference of the Seventh-day
Advtr.tists to-<?ay, the nominating committee
recommended W. T. Knox of Oakland. Cai.,
for president. "• •:•¦.- -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 5.
After four years of almost continuous
fighting, the -Federal Salt Company,
otherwise the salt trust, has won practi
cal possession and control of the valuable
salt marshes owned by Mrs. Mary Peter
mann of Mount Kden. '
Moves which were made a short time
ago place the salt trust In the position of
control after a seesaw contest which vra*
made by William J. Dlngee and others to
tight the trust control ot the aalt output.
The Mount Eden marshea were the key to
the situation because of the large quan
tity of the gallno product that la handled
there. That Industry I? one of the most
important in Alameda County.
The contest for possession runs back to
lsas, when the salt trust bogan to aecuro
the salt marshes of the country. AK«nt*
bought up by leano the output of nil th*
holdings in Alameda County except Mrs.
I'ctermunn's. They tlnnlly secured her
. signature to a leu*« nt $323 u year, a fltturo
that whs subsequently «Uu:lim«d to be en
tirely too small. Henry 1'etermnnn, u son,
begun u content to hnv* hl» mother do
clurrd incompetent ami succeodcil in hav
ing it i;uiin!i;iu uppointcd and thin leano
wbk revoked.
But tho suit company needed the prop
erty and after negotiations consented to
pay $1500 a year for tho lease. Mrs. Peter
mann was restored to capacity and thla
leano was signed. During the warring be
tween members of tho Petcrmann family
over the salt trust lease IMngeo came
upon the scene.
There was a mortgage of $10,000 on tna
property, held by F. C. Slcbe of San Fran
cisco. Control of that mortgage would be
a valuable Item In the control of the salt
output. Very quietly an assignment of
the mortgage was made by Siebe to A. E.
H. Cramer, cashier of tho Union Savings
Bank, who, it is asserted, acted as trus
tee for, Dlngee, who had begun hla tight
to become a rival to the salt trust.
Back and forth the contest had ru.i
i during the negotiations that had been
opened to force the salt trust to pay a
mora liberal figure for its lease. Mrs.
Petermann was declared incompetent a
second time and again restored to capa
city after the final settlement of the
lease. That was arranged to* date from
September, 1899, and to run five years.
The trust, however, was not satisfied
that the mortgage should be in the hand3
of a possible rival, so negotiations were
begun to secure the collateral. There Is
now under way the search and confirma
tion of title; preliminary to the transfer
to the trust of the mortgage, which, it i3
understood, the combine will take up and
; liquidate.
The mortgage, plus interest, amounts to
nearly $11,000. Some of those who have
been Interested in the property assert It
is worth J19.000. As matters stand now
those concerned look for an early transfer
of the control to the trust.
, The President is understood to have
made his position quite clear, and in no
doing la Baid to have removed several
misapprehensions! which have been afloat
of late. He expressed the most earnest
solicitude that a satisfactory adjustment
be reached by Congress. Furthermore,
the President, It is asserted, indicated no
positive determination in favor of any
particular idea, but rather a desire that
Congress should deal with the subject ac
cording to its best lights. After hearing
from Tawney his associates expressed the
belief that the President would accept the
rebate proposition if Congress sent it to
him. They also were considerably en
couraged to hear from Tawney that the
President was not laying down any em
phatic ultimatum in favor of the plan
presented by Payne.
Postmaster General Payne said to-night
that the conference at the White House
was perfectly harmonious and agreeable.
He said it was brought about by the re
port that the President would to-day send
a message to Congress expressing his
views on the subject. The President, he
said, in order to get a clear Idea of the
situation, wanted to hear both sides of
the case and ascertain the real feeling of
the Republican members of the House.
The President has no intention at this
time, he said, of sending any message to
Congress on the subject.
Active canvassing continued among Re
publican members to-day preliminary to
tha&third caucus on Cuban reciprocity, to
b'oTield to-morrow night. The most posi
tive claims were made by those opposed
to Representative Payne's 20 per cent
reciprocity plan that there waa a clear
majority acrulnst It. Fayno and his tisao
r'.uu-s old not concede this, however, and
expressed thu belief that u concession to
Cuba ultimately would bo arranted. It was
Htild in this connection that Speaker Hen-
Uerfeon is now fuvornblo to tha position
taken by the majority on the Way» and
Metiiur. Committee -niid tljftt thi* would
exert much Influence In siuipinK^fhe out
come.
During the day several members of the
Cabinet were culled on hyiTttwney and
MoitIm, who have p'ropbitltlona differing
from that of 1'ayne. As an outcome of
these culls It waa inserted that three
member* of the Cabinet, namely. 1'ont
muuter Oenerul Payne, Secretary Bhaw
and Secretary' Wllaon, were hopeful of
Hfcclng a Bolutlon of the problem which
would not endanger an American in*
dustry.
Later In the day Representative Taw
ney called at the White House and had
a conference lasting nearly an hour and
n half with tho President.. At Its conclu
sion Tawney Joined several of his asso
ciates who are opposed to the Payne reso
lution.
"WASHINGTON, March 5.— Speaker
Henderson arid Representative Cannon of.
Illinois called at the White House to-day
and discussed with President Roosevelt
the subject of Cuban reciprocity and sen
timent thereon in the House.
Enda in Victory for the
Syndicate.
Peterxnann Property Battle
ThirrA Caucus Will Now Be
Held by the Republican
Members.
Congressmen and Roose
velt Discuss Reciproc
ity Measure.
Combine Gains a Final
Hold on the Marshes
of Mount Eden.
VESTS CONTROL
IN SILT TRUST
TALK OF CUBA
TO PRESIDENT
9
THE SAIS" FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 1902.
GRAPE-NUTS.
MANY DON'T KNOW.
Lack of Ri^ht Food Is the Cause of
Sickness.
It Is hardly fair to blame the doctor for
not curing his patient when tho patient
attempts to live "on food that furnishcB
the wrong kind of nourishment. When'
eickness comes on it is a pretty «rood sign
that tMe food is not keeping: the body up.
kihere are thousands of rases wheye a
rrhnnpe of food alone has brought the
sick one out Into a prime condition of
As an illustration. A lady In Riverside,.
Calif., saye: "After ten years of service
as a teacher, during: time I J;uf-
fcreJ three or four attacks of La Grippe,
I finally found mj-self a physical wreck.
Mt-dical treatment would help my strength
vitality temporarily, but I would always
go back.
"Husband «nd I moved to California In
the hopes that this genial clime would re-
store me. I got better for a little while,
but in a few. months became so weak and
debilitated that we were in despair.
"Finally, through the influence of a
friend, 1 changed my diet and began us-
ing Grap<?-Nuts and Postum Coffee. I
used Grape-Nuts at two of my meals each
day and have gained fifteen pound* in
wcitrht and the increase in strength Is
really wonderful.
"I am back to the healthy, cobd feel-
lncs of my elrlhood days. I enjoy Pos-
tum better than any beycragp I have ever
u«ed. JJy frknd" rrmark on my improved
condition and I nni impelled to write thin
letter with profound cratitudo. hoping
that many others may be induced to go
!¦•¦¦! do ' Hkc-wiKc I ii:i v*i- proved that
health Is the nuturul conitequence ot proj>-
,«r!y Delected food, PJcica do not uee mj'
I'.'uv, but I will to Kind to ri-jljy tu any
ii.yulrlcii." Namu furnished by Pontum j
Cc~ Jittltlw deck. Mich.
AJVEBTISEMENTS.
A CAUSE OF HEADACHE
One Very Common Cause, Generally
Overlooked.
Headache Ij a symptom, an indication of de-
rangement or disease In some organ, and th»
cause of the headache Is difficult to locate be-
cauae so many diseases have headache aa a
prominent symptom; derangement of tha
stomach and liver, heart trouble, kidney .dis-
ease, luns trouble, eye utraln or tll-flttlng
> glasses all produce headaches, and If we could
I always locate the organ which Is at fault tho
cure of obstinate headaches would be a much
i simpler matter.
However, for that form of headache called
frontal headache, pain back of the eyes and In
; forehead, the cause Is now known to be catarrh
of the head and throat; when the headache is
located in back of head and neck it is often
caused from catarrh of the stomach or liver.
At any rats catarrh Is the most common
cause of such headaches and tho cure of th«
catarrh causes a prompt disappearance of tha
headaches.
There Is at present no treatment for catarrh
no convenient and effective as Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets, a new internal remedy in tablet form,
composed of antiseptics like «ucalyptor. mal-
• col and blooil root, which act upon the blood
end cause the elimination of tha catarrhal pol-
Bon from the system through the natural chan-
nels.
Miss Cora Alnsley, a prominent school
teacher In one of our normal schools, speaks of
her experience with catarrhal headaches and
eulogizes Stuart's Catarrh Tablets as a cut*
for them. She says: "I suffered dally from
severe frontal headache and pain In and back
of the eyes, at 'times so Intensely aa to Inca-
pacitate me In my daily dutlea. I had suffered
from catarrh, more or less, for years, but n«ver
thought it was the cause of my headaches, but
finally became convinced that such was th*
case, because the headaches were always worse
whenever I had a cold or tresh attack of ca-
"Stuart's Catarrh were highly ' rec-
ommended tome as a aafo and pleasant catarrh
cure, and after using a few flfty-cent boxM ¦
which I procured from my druggist, 1 waa sur-
prised and delighted to nnd that both the ca-
tarrh and headaches had gone for good."
. Stuart's Catarrh Tablet9 are sold by drug-
gists at fifty centa per package, under th*
guarantee ot the proprietors that they contain
absolutely no cocaine (found In so many catarrh
cures'), no opium (so common In cheap cough
cures), nor any harmful drug. Chey contain
simply the wholesome antiseptics necessary to
destroy and drive from the system the germs
of catarrhal disease.
jgsSAi // £&S< / • i^*sx © -4 U
gelt
The "Dr. ~j/-' '^fc A 1 <J • n Electr.o
Belt" (with ?&$¦* • u • p • nsory> :s
guaranteed ' "' • to ponsuMi all th«
curative properties of the cxpenslv* bait*
.now sold by doctors and drutciclxts. It stvsa
a very atronv current of «)eutrlcUy anrL u
easily regulated. Bound to nupernadd
others. Can be had from tha umlnrstgncd
only; NO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. Clr-
cular free, Cull or Address l'li:u>'K EL£C-
Tim: CO., SOU Post St., Han Francisco, or
1143 Tlrottdwoy. N«w York.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH (5, 1302.
10
C LA IK V O V A NT S— Co n i t w ti o il . '_"j[
CLAIRVOYANT, card render from Louisiana; 3
only 10c; Crom l.to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
CAHD resdlnir: lndlc». 10c: Kentlcmen, 2.',c!
C"5 Minna »t.. near Bevcnth. - •¦ . fc ;
MME. CATH icRlNI3~DlEA~N'. scicntlfie card
reader. /1S2 Hlxth St.. offlco 2. -
f.Oc. $1— Pcof. Weller. clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader ;mall orders istamp for drc. 1007'A Mkt.i
MK8. H." Hatimann.'woll^nown fortune tilUr?
bin rf^fv^ii from 222 Ty.1v to 4O7Q'Forrp|l.'
C A K PKT I»KA^XO^AXP<^jniraAK_I_iV O.
WHBN you become dlf<iru*ted with poor work"
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.'
renovated, relald. 104 14th Bt.; tel. Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlfslon 203.'
CON KLINES Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 120.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CAPE SOME.
FOR freight and passage to Cape Nome and
Yukon River points.. Call Or write C. F.
MOORE. TO5 Market wt.. room fl. .- ¦ ¦
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMRIAN Law and Collection Agency, Oth
floor. U10. Market nt.; advice free. Tel. Bush
104; able body of attorneys. - .
GEORGE \V. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
¦ unless guiceggful. Room 310, 027 Mnrkct st.
ATTACHMENTS and collections. It. W. KINO,
attorney. Examiner building, Oth floor.
I 4 DENTISTS.
A— DR.T.*s7"lIIGGINS, 027 Market at., Emma
fipreckcls bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prlcea: pure gold fillings, $1 B0; other
HllitiKK. 51 ; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
urnl ond guaranteed, $5 up.
PalnleEg extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, palniees method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advlca free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants,
DR, GEORGE W. LIjEK. 20 O'Fnrretl et,
ELECTJIO-DKNTAL CLINIC, 800 Morket, cor,
«th, r, 7, Flood lildff,; extractions done pain-
lessly; tfeth without plates our ppeclalty;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, ifl fiO
up; office hours, (I a, in. to V p. ni, ; Hiin-Inye,
t) to 8, J, W, THATCUljlt, 1>,D,H,. Manager,'
BAHV Dental Psrlorii. 0 Turk Ft,, fur, MRPon=
Ksfiert painless extrantors; phlllert operfttorflj
f/iiB given; lady attendant, ' H, <'. ANI'KIt-
SON, V, D, ti,, propfletflr and mftnagpr.
A N15W fi|Hts='J'HB Whalfltioria^cnnnnt lirenki
wananted W yeBi-s; frowns, $3 B0i nillnK*,fi<ia;
i.iMiro if,, fun t-et; nil wi.tlt ptttnlpus end war«
rantmi. Chicago I'»*ni«|_ i'HflMi'n, 84 Hl»th i»i.
tiiifi my new 'pink ivery vMn* 1 , ppi my new
tlhl.irnlirilltn l,ll.1|'..'i linlll »Vlirihll|n1 lltrliltl"i
• erewtm, «2j nlllns^ Sfle, »r._iirown,_fl4Jti^th.
J'AHIH Tj^nirtl I'tirlorn, 2JM Kpnrfiv, f»r, ltush="
__i^ll M?t of teirili, $il rrnwii*. Id; illllnBH, fioe.
MnYKliMrt o'KArfpli.' tflts of 0 Turk st.i
t'rpwi) ttttrt liflden wt>rltj f!»i utifglnlliit.
tm* w. t«, bhisFauh, h ii»nry wt.i^ipsrt
_ _ workmanship nnly; reaDutmlilei tmui's 1» lo 4.
BUT of terlli wllliitlt platn. DU. II, «1,
YOUNG, 1NI1 i'nlli *t,
l7l\.W,UWAl*U^\b%l:u>niy,nr : !iArMn~Vn\ni
IfH* rxt,, Mini plntea $fl tip| plinnw Pnllt 11115.
1)11 KNM.MA K KHHjA NI) IBX Mti'l'U KSIjDI
MrlKiWKLI* DrenBmnkTng'it"Mmrn«''ry Hclionltl
<£la»« rnlfn; patterns cut, HMD Market rt;.
V A fl 1 1 1 ON AH! Tw'rt^irrwidnTi'li tii* "guaTn^n tc «d ;
$H up, 7mi Mf Alllntor nt. ¦ ¦
bit. CltRBLY'fl C. P."~dog~iioap by druggists
or wt tho Ho»ipltnl. MO CJolden nate avp,
"iTni^£A'rioNAiir^
iTkAlTvR RciroOL O^^LK^ntlcAlTlJNCH'
NBttltlNG—Thcory, deitiotietrntlon, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
prnctirnl; doy and night, 21 Post St., 8, F. ;
riiinlniriif free,
AYRHP 1 Lending llu«in«-ss College, 723 Mnrket
-?¦'< per niuiilh; $50 llfo scholarship gunran*
tern a complete bus, education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
ppdllntr, Ppnnlnh, etc; rxperlctired teachers;
new typewriters; pneltlons secured; rat. free.
B. V. I1U8. COL*LF."a K, 12riO~"MiirUe~ at Big
ri-lin.,1 brcauna It's bout, pur Gregg short-
hand students writ" 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at homo free to students.
Nine positions lnst week,
IlKALO'H KCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POtV RT.',
H. V. — Thorough courses; completo equipment;,
all subjenta purtalnlnK to mining and mining
fiiglnrorlng; day nnd night; catalogue free.
A— The LYCEUM, nn accredited preparatory
school for the university, lnw nnd medical
colleges; reference*, President Jordnn or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — TIIK official reporters of Supreme Court nd-
. vise their frienrts to attend the UALLA OH UK-
MARSH COLL13GK. Is thin advlco worth
.. following? Life scholarahlp $50; cutaloguc.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; ,Hnllet Hchoof,
associated with theatrical aguncy, securing po-
sitions. Alcazar bulging, 120 O'Karrcll st,'
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, nnyuy. cynnlde; day, eve.; eat. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Mont thorough course on'const;
beginners nnd coIIcko urndiintes perfected..
TAItll, expert accountant, 210 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA IJusineiifl College; most thorough
modern, methodn; ponltlons for all graduates;
new GO-pago catalogue free, "n't Larkln fit.
BI'ANIBH, French, etc. Prof. Do FIllppe'aAcndemy
of Language«,320 Pont;estab'd 1871;ablcst profs,
VIOLIN^ guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 month. 1830 Eddy; phono Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAIJS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 210 Fifth si.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeepinif. Krnmmar, Wrltlnjr,
etc.; day or evo.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,, nr. Uth.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally,
MIBH M. O, nAJtllHTT, 1102 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof, MERKI, goe-d
teacher, 1008 Mlsalon; Instrumenta aelocteil.
Chicago liualneaa Collega, n:i5 Market, nr. MHh;
I'Iiiiiiiii (hnrihuiul, lypliiK, l.'"ikkf.|.. ; ifii mo,
JUvlfflTUATION— PAimNOTON 7^ DAY ani
ILMJHTJtATION— nlglit clapa, 4 '.'4 Plna st,
JlIiJALD'H IluslnWs r.?nllege, 2t Port st,', B, ,Jf*."i
foun'jpil lh<i:i; n«w h0»n»gB catufuKiia frea,
A-^JAJ'ANkpi3 r«IlBl)la hoiiae.ejednlng, poolts
flnii waltprrt fiipnlBhed flt Bhnri nnUi>«, I (leo,
Klrinelilt", Vi\',\ ('«««, cor. hyan 1 , (el.l'nll N.'0|,
tTuisiihK and JflpniisBs Kniiilnyment Of tiro—
jlPBt I'glp. 41 1 M O'^Hff^ll (=t. { tfl. JSMBt 4'iill.
fjlllNi'lMIS nni ,tfliifln<i*«s) tifln: dHlnl), So yfflts,
'ffl. ftf/tln iiii>7. J.iltA»LiiiY fe CO,, (HO Clwy.
Urfliid .tHtiHf(«tsp'Cfiln«fte Kmti.Offlce, 4lf» Htwii«
t6H| tfef.JjfHBM (W ! eKIieft.lellHljje }|glM,
JAVAfiKHfTiuH (,')ili7^e bc'tiTlielii! (.wk nn»1
lAVANV.fiti, )i^t dohiPBIIo, fttfrnlriK «Hd hfiii«<;»
h'ltj jiteve;i8ofl| 1'hojla JfoWBi-d gyOj.
JiriLtAHLM Jflpstietie-Ohlri^ne Krtiplovment Ot-
_ flegj nil klhdfl hrfp, illl) Btoelttonj Main f»lM^
JAPANEBfl Intelligence Office— Kurnl^h innet
reliable -help, 621 Hush st;; tel. filfl.
OHPH1CUM lSmploymerit Offlcc-^.IapaneB*, ChU
none help. 420 Powell, nr.BiitteritBl.Ulack 6072.
ISMrLOYWlSNT WAWTiaiJ----FBniAI,M.
A GEnMAN woman wishes "situation td do
gentile work or keep house; a good plain
cook; city or. country; *lfi mo. Box 3708, Call.
WANTED — A situation by" a respectable woman
' to. do housework In a small American fam-
ily. . Apply at 100V4 Third st.
GERMAN lrtdy "would ilko position, cook or
housekeeper,' small family; with references.'
Apply Hx& Jessie St., ¦ trj)p. Palace Hotel. . i
A GERMAN, woman wishes a few 'more places
to wash. -.Call or address. 0 Tehama, nr. lsr.
r:i>DI/HI/Y American- woman- wlshea situation
to do housework; good . home and moderate
wages; good plain cook; 'no postals. .1231)
Market st. / ¦ "
REFINED younir woman wishes position as
• saleswoman or In of flee: has exnerlence in
• bookkeeping: only reliable people need re-i
ply. Box -37S3. Call ofHce. ¦ -.¦-'¦.• /¦
AN Enstcrn ' woman; position as working
housekeeper, or cook In a camp. HOUSE-!
KEEPEIt, 35 Fifth : BtftmBtK$&!9BBHASBigk
. . . ¦. i
FIRST-CLASS Swedish : waltreas wants, posj-,
tlon In hotel or flrst-class restaurant;' sleep'
¦at home. Address 133 Seventh st. •
AN elderly American ' woman; '.position light
housework; ralary reasonable. ' Call 1115
Third St., ,, Oakland.
wOJklAN .wishes position to. do chamber work
- or housekeeper where ¦ there are . no children;
.country preferred. - 623. Howard, st.';'- . • -¦
GOOD •' German ¦ laundress '- wishes work " by the
I i day; $1 50 day. 1781,Halght st.': (store), '-'.'^.v.
WINCHESTER House'. 44 Third st.' near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per. night; $1 (SO
'to $0 week; convenient and respectable; -free
bus and baggago,to and from ferry, ¦¦•
j IgMI'LO YaiKXT WANTEH MAT.K. /
UY kooiJ, steady boyyaced, -living- with
parents, u position In wholesale house where
there- l« .chance for ; advancement. ¦ Address
"box '1712. Can offlee. '. - • .'. " '¦'••, -
SITUATION .wanted'by young colored man to
-doUiounowork or 'dishwashing. "W. . \V.', 174
st.-. , -.- ¦,- ...'. - - v ¦ ¦
Y0UNO~ man. 26, of good appearance, with
beat'- city 'references.'' wishes steadyrfiosltlon;
fulr .' wacei; strong, willing and obliging.
Addrt-fcs K. BCHNEIDEn, 11 f» Oough at.
DIAMOND driller wants ' position: expert' on
Canadian and hydraulic borings; many
years' experience in different formations;
spcakar Spanish;, best rcf. Box 3770. Call.
COACHMAN and gardener; English; thorough,
' practical; references; at , liberty March - 8.
Box 8071. Call offlca. ¦•¦ -
A FIRfeT-CLASS tool dresser wants a 'Job.
Addrets M. 8., 034 Commercial St..
MARINR and stationary engineer wants posi-
tlon; first-class references. Pox 4003, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.-received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmorc.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established, at 1000
Valencia st. ' '- ¦ ¦-''¦¦'•
U~~J. "fixanciaw^^ _^
PACIfYc Uriderwrltinfflfe Trust Co. (Ine.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method or
' placing stocks and bonds; companies Ineor-
. , porated: stocks and bondu underwritten. Call,
or address main office. S07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
• '-and bonds sold; good projects wanted; lnves-
' tlgate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.,320Pogt.
GENTLEMAN havlnjr placed some large propo-
•; Bltlons In East denlres meritorious ¦ deal to
flnanco in New YorH; larger the better. Box
3707. Call office. \
J«"LATS TOJIjETA ~~
A— LIGHT, air, sunshine; C-room Mats facing
Golden Gate Park; 2 gas grates; 703 to 7U5
'Sixth ave.; McAllister, Geary and butter
: street cars to the Joor. ' '.
A— 50» TO B20 Fredfirick St., near Stanyan;
' . B to fl room new houses and KaU; low rent;
A MODERN flat, 8 large sunny rooms and at-
tic; rent $12 F.O. 11)02 Page jet. ¦¦¦i\
FLAT, B rooms, $11; cottage, 4 rooms, $10.
, Key (2:1 Second st. [
TO let— G-room modern flat; lama stable; $20.
PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hali aguare. ¦
TO LET— Hear flat, 4 ¦ rooms. Inquire 418
k ITyrte.Bt, j •» • ¦
A WEEK'S news "for fi eenta-'The Weekly Call,
.lo pages, |n wrapper for mailing, II per year.
1 nOOMfl C fiirnlslief|"'ln"oflk, ff?CO,Wuh No, T
rantfe. King KurnlUira «^.. llt!7.1iat Market.^
¦ yUllWITUIlB W^jf^P;,;,-;,
A, VVQhM i %\'i\'°lVl~M\fifiUtn »t,, payn highest
prle^ tor MH'un.i'httnri fMrnlturai t *>l . I t^rt 1 Hiv-i.
D, it V, Bl/AQii pM".i= sieve; u*n in the werld;
warrHntedi kept in Mjtmlf. 13| tlrant ave. :
III5M* WANTHO— K13MAIJS.
A~^lTlHvUrwIIir^ser?ftT^^
<!ll.V, i'ilM, *i.i. liOMM lirrr-, .lOlilll A, ill.
V, Jl. i/ANH^N & t'O lot (Ifufy wt,
A~WAlTIjiT7uni~wl?P ( country hotel, , , , , • . ,IIH
3 dinnei' whiii.'rhok,, r,<i« day
10 I'Miiill nut wiillrrnR.H. ......... .rj:iU niiintll
11 rliiiiiilii.lliinlilK, rlly, ................ .$17 r.D
10 wtiii.'NHi'ff, city A cuuntry hotels.. $ao-|.'lO
Itestnutmn cnshler ..17 week
1,,..... KAM1LY Dni'AHTMKNT ..,..,..
Cook and aiM'iuiii girl, country, see party here,
$ri0; woman with n ''Ml. 1, tf'iO', houseglrl In
ili« Mlsplon, iiii.« place, ?-.'>; cuok, American
lumlly, Onklnii'1, (i.'IOi utntrs.
U. Jt. HANHKN fit CO lOt fleary st.
WAin'RD— I'antry girl for Institution, $20;
i1i.ilii»r-M"Hii girl, piiw tilacn, f^O; 4 cooks,
*.'io-9'iri; 0 second girl", ?-" *-•*; 10 chambpr-
niiil.lw, wall i.iii. meal, $2u; 6 waltreirties, city
lintel. $20; cashier, $7 week; Infant's numo,
f:U; lady's maid, $sn; 4 rpNtuurant wnltn.(ni»n,
$0-$7; cook, private boarding-house, $2fy;
liltilnti helper, $2u; utid lots of KfriH for
liouMiwflik, $20 nnd ?2ft. J. Vi CHOSUTT &
C0.,'tl3t Butter st.
A— TWO waltreeues, city, $28, sleep home,
M_np. M. IS, DAY A CO., «36 jOeary st. '
A— HOUBttQIKL for Yosemlte Valley, $20,
frcn fure both ways; plain cook, Rood laun-
dr-iin, finiiii family, Mint, M. u, hay &
CO,, 335 Geary st,
A— roUU nent young ladles to solicit for pho-
tographer; good wngcn, MItB. M, 10. DAV &
¦ CO., aao Ooary nt,
YOUNO girl living- with her parents who un-
derstands rawing, for pormanont position.
ANDltn. 1721 Hacrnmcnto st.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct Inexperienced hnnda 'the trade
of making overalls free of charge; will b«
patd while learning. LKV1 BTIIAUHS &
: CO., 22»/j Fremont St. Apply to Mil. DAVIS.
WANTED — Good button-hole finisher on cus-
tom coats; also apprentice. 027 Market St.,
¦ room C23. ¦ 1
V/ANTKD— Girl for upstlars work and anslst
I with grown children. Apply 873 Market St.,
' millinery store.
WANTJ3D — A competent girl for. chamber
work, waiting and sewing inn small family;
: references. Apply at 1010 Washington, 12 to 2.
NICAT .womnn to do cooking and light hoimo-
work; references. JG8S Fell st., corner Cen-
tral aye., Hoycs-Bt. enrs. '
"WANTI5D — Dressmaker; Vino who understands
tailoring. ' It Grant ave.. room BO.
WANTED — Finisher on cuatom coats; also ex-
' perlcnced buttonhole makers, 14 Hnrrlat.
GIHL for general housework and cooking. 1013
Hush st., near Franklin.
Glltl.H wanted. Apply bookblndery, C30 Clay
Btrcet, •,
GIRL to- asilst In housework and with chil-
dren. 18 Chattanooga et, near Twenty-flrat.
YOUNO girl to otalst with light housework.
Apply 1314 Jackson st
AMATEUR performers wanted; "alary unlim-
ited, Apply at Chutes at 0 o'ulock this even-
Ing^ .
IOXrKItlENCICD vest operator. Apply at fac-
tory H. N, WOOD, 27 Peary at,
>VANTISD-*Tmrneiitately !l ftnibltloua girls Ho
learn halrdremilng from A to Z In 2 week*
and tnke charge of private guitnmera where
you ran eprn Ifirt per monthj r-nursa^U,- Cod
jege, ti.'t.i flRary nt,, rooms l(|.1fl.
WANTI';i)^i';i«|i*r|ence«l operators on l«(i|Ba'
wiiIkih dm. I iiihIhi wmr; Htenrly work) R001I
|i«yi flleotrlQ puwer. MAHK« nnQ»,, MM
fttwrket nt, ¦ . ¦
W A N T Kli^ljidy t,Htw« ! » 4R nmi"r.Bi will 'give
free irpsiinpnt for wrinkles, Ttia Harris Jn«
hiimi" nf liermtitology, f.(M flutter et., H..w»
ttay tuilli.llng.
DIlTTftN.lJOfyH niskerj uleady wvrk tti best
•¦ wsBfUj ttitist hn firm «iI«sn. 1I1SLAHQO A
1|Alt)»B_Cf>., fi+l Mflfk»£it. ¦-
XmiKNTiCHS tole«?h U\\ut\mj>aM [white
leafiilnf, ¦lllfiLABL'U it HAIlftlS CO., 611
_ftJHiket Bt.
WAN'fFli— tiirifl' t'ti' fe'lti shlrtH! paid ¦ by "the
flay. Apply TUtt h, KLKUfl CO., 20 and 01
; 1tfktif>ry st. • -
WI?orii3HOMl^~rmelilKetit Indy over~25^of
Koou'chaiHCUf ntiii staluilfijf, for lilgh'gfade
position. Rot t)720, Cnll,' ' . _
FlNIBHEllB on pantsi apprentices paid while
learnlng^^lO Mission st. ¦ "..:.-.".. ,i:-'J]
EXPK mENOErTwTr,* hnt frame makers, TOP-
LITE & CO., 540 Market st.
A NEAT young girl (or second work and sew-
Ing, 11SQ 0'Farrcll st ¦
'WANTKD— Kxpcrienced millinery saleslady.
Apply bet. 8 and 11. a. m. at HALE DUOS.'
WANTED— Kjrperlenced i>aleslady. Apply be-
' twetm 8 nnd'llq; m.,.IIAI^IS BROS. -. ¦ ¦ '.
Al'PRENTICK tn lenrn the hair business. G.
LBDEREH. 12.1 Stockton st. t - .
DUKSSMAKKIt wanted to work In store;
steady work. 3050 Twenty-fourth st. .
A GKRMAN .woman as governe«n; .- state re-
~- llglon; nnlary $30. . : Box 2004. Call office. -. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call -branch office. 2200 Fillmore. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
aubecriptlons has : been established at 1C96
Valercla vt: -. .. ¦ . • /•;-¦ :
. JIEL.P . WANTUD— MALE.' ;
2 GARDENERS, $23 and .found; Scandinavian
.•"man about place; ' $150 * and found, ; see boss
here to-day; blacksmith for country, $50 and
¦ found;: trimmer for mill; $00; * lumber sorter,-
'. $00; boy for private family, $15 'and.- found;
.. ¦ milk waeon drl vnr, ; $50 to . $55; ¦ 2 \vlneyard-
ists, $1 day and t>oard; milker. $30, and oth-
. era. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 023 Sacramento.;
COOK and wife, $55; boarding house cook, $50;
Oyster cook, $10'"to ?15; cook" for; 2 men,
' $12 50; hotel • porter, ' $25, and others. : J. T.;
CltOSETT &,CO... 628 Sacramento ;et.
ANDRE'S Ofnco. 316 Stockton st. — Broiler,' $70;
\2 waiters, hotel.j city, '$30; 4 omnibus, . $30;
• driver for bakery ¦ wagon,- $20 to $2r>; ; young
man to help, In nursery, $J5;! elderly man ; to
• do chores,", resort, near, city, ; $10;. sliver, pan-;
• tryman,\$25; mantoitake care of horses and
. milk cows, ' $30; stableman.' country. $30. ,
MBOBbAHBHSISUBBBI tHBHftBSB
sjsawsai^ M<y"^ ¦ 1 ¦» 1 ¦ er ' ' '~*^nBM3MWMBr
san rnAxcisco call.
nUSlXHSS OFFICE of The Ban Frandico
Cnll. ocrncr of Market ami Third streets; open
until IS o'clock "cvory night In the year.
DRAKC11 OFK1CK8— f>27 Montgomery street,
mt-nrr iTlay: ojwn until 0:»0 p. m. v
¦•t'n H.-i ;..'•!. vtrect: < i«-n until U:30 r. in.
cm M<*Alll*ii»r *t reft; open until fl:S0 p. m.
Hlft Ijii-Mh »trrrt; open until 0:30 p. m.
IMI MlKKlon street;' open until 10 p. m.
2201! Market Knit, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 \p.- tn. " ' «
HMJ Elpvrnth gtri»rt; open until 0 P- m.
1 ( >!>n Valencia onen until » p. m.
JCorlhwrst cornrr Twpnty-afcond and Ken-
tuefcy titn-cts; opm until 3 p. m.
2?()f> Flllmorf ftrert: opm until 0 P. m.
MEISTIXO NOTICES.
A CALLED meeting of Godfrey WjHl
<Je Bt. Omnr Council No. 1, Iffi [ r¥m
Kniphti Krirtnfh. A. nnd A. p — JfHli™!!
Bcottlsh Rite nf rrccmaconry, IsflNn wH
will be held In Commandery /rj? fTU
Hull, • Msnonlc T«mple. on IISjl
THURSDAY EVENING. March • fisjfl
fl. 1002, nt 8 o'clock. Recep- • -* •>.'
tlon of petitions. ¦
•.-. HENRY DCRNER. Recorder.
1
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Cuena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A.
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be 1 A
held In Commandcry Hall. Masonic 1/6L
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. CKJT
March 6, 11KC. at K o'clock. Degree 4.
• HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— m-
Ftattd meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _#\_
EVENING, 7:S0 o'clock. UtixinTs }\j\
nnd R. A. decree. Hy ord^r of the II. f^r y
P. JOHN R. H1LLMAN. Secretir>\
CALIFORNIA Ixidprr No. 1. F. and A. at
M. t wllj mrrt THIS (THURSDAY) -^T*i
EVENING, March «. at 7:30 o'clock. >2J/f
Ptated meeting: Bv order of the f^7\
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY r BecreUrj 1 .
FIDELITY Lodce No. K'0. F. and A. n
M.— Sr^clal mating THIS miuns-^li,
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock In eec- tf!X
end degree. 8tat»d meeting at 7:30*v
o'clock. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK HARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 21fl. F. and A. M.— ¦ ,
Pmted meeting THIS (THURSDAY) '
EVENING at 7:a0 o'clock. Hy order jf-
of the Master. . /^V\
m J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
YEKBA BUENA jsrige No. 15, 1^^.""
I. O. O. F.— Initiation THIS^J^^;
(THURSDAY) EVENING, March '^^5^?
fl. 1002. Full attendance re- **>?**•
requetteii.
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS. N. O.
W, VV, OROtaS. Rec. Sec.
PACIFJC Lodge No. IBB, I. O, «j«vwufl'/»
. %AYrl^\so Tim mivm^^^
\ V, M- CARBON, N, O r "M*****
nT, ANPUKW'S eoe|et>',=>fe m l>ersV >» I,"
ere rfceptcfrul|y ri=qiieEted »a attend Ji, QiTj
the 5.11;. -i ul of (iur «!t|eeinei1 rharlcr 'i tcT.fJ
««d Jifa PKtmtrff, i'J5TI5rt MIL. **«*^4"
M5R, JO.JJAY iTfirittHiAT), »t 1 o'ploeH.
tr»m V.unkcr ft I/uih'p fuiictaj furlorp, Sfliifl
JAMHS ROLPII m,, Prwld^nt.
_GEO. PT, J, HlHSMXint f. P ,-m»ry,
Mf.ANTX»NOMAirTnl(p"N»», = (•, Imp'd «c*w
0, It, M..«=M*ni1«Pr;a will inet\ In 'VbmS.
1, At i p. Hi, *linfi». In mtBflri fun#f«l or f.Uf
ift«# biMhf-f, jiijjn uvrvnt*.
I?, a, auv.twuLAtT, iBPbtm.
M, I.KIHUH, O <.f ll,
JIATITNA'U,!", f-hfipil-f No, fl, U, A, O, J», «Aj
— The fifflrrrs Btnl Inritilirm ut U«rf^ tAJ
tinelp f'hnplrr No. fl, V 4 A, O, D., will *"*
naarmMK oil KIllHAV, Msrrh t, Hinj, 1
K'rliDh |> m , ni Drulil*' Hall, 413 Kuitrr at..
(or 1li»< liiirpr.f* ft HHrri'llMK Mm fitlirrnl "f
#.ur lat» fiwictnrj* und 1'ari c'hlrf JJiuld,
JOJtJ* HI'TTOM,
JAMi:» P\ MAHTIN'ONI. Chief Dfull ¦
TO UM ernl'.tif.ideia nf fh» Uert+Au Oil and
Pevflnpment ro,— -Not Ira la Jir-rftiy Blv»n tint
»' » annual meeting of <u> «ti>cklir.l(1'<ra nt
1h» Jt!Tr»«iJi«a Oil anil l»»v#|M|nn»nt Cnmimny
*'ill !>• held «t (ho offlc* of th<» nnmpnny.
301s Clniia Pt-fckrlr lilds,, Pnn Franclreo,
fal,, on the inili nf March, 1U02, at 0 p, la
My the bnerd of rtirfrturii,
S, C. It, KinVAntiff, Hrrrftary.
AfTlUHAHl V.
JfOUOPrOPfiH rui=t; ftiturV x*rrSi<eU>i{\*rt*£toMn
»¦>• tiinll if d"rli-r-d. linymritKi, 227 Taylor n.
~ATT£IlT!«ip'f» ATJ^vT^
It. W. KING, Btiy,, nxcmlnfr building, room
CIS; all ranr-ji; ,<:,-., ,: L , r< mtntfti, will*, mnrl-
(--!••. pHrinprrtitpR, lIMf^l•hm^ntr, rnllectlonn,
*tc. ; 1' 1 ¦•¦ I pn|.»r» drown; conmll/if km frrr>;
no advance cliarRcn; oprn rvtV; i-all or wrlle.
AHVICK free; dlvnrres « ifprr-1n.lt y; quirk: quiet i
nn rhsrc» wllhnut icurrfciii; rutatillrhfl HI >r«.
O. W. llOWi:, H50 Murki t St.. onr. Hlockton.
AVW'K trr»; no rlinrgn unlcra 1 -i.-.'.-ci fi.l. \V.
W. PAVinBOX. IC't Market at., npp. Ma*on.
ADVICE frc"; op'" *v»rjr rvenlng; low fppiT;
¦11 caurs, J. M. THURKTON. Jiin Maikrt nt.
L. P. CLARK. Kmnm HpreckH* bldg., (127 Mar-
V't »t.; fiir.«iilinllon free; no fees in sdvatirc.
UI(.'V<°Li:s— I'ar Snle or Kxe.ha.nftc.
ALLEN la veiling Eureka blryrlra fast; swell-
*»t thing nut; agency Columbln.Monarrh.oth-
«rn: rriifilrlnc. l>fi)s, pumpy. .".ni Lnrkln »t.
ninns. i>oos, i iitc.
tVARIJLINO • :n.!'i!» und all klnda of song,
talking and innry Mrrto: gold fl*h. pet atock,
rue**. v)nbr-f. ,,.,-n. riumr. ; bird and animal
Inn,] r,f wU Idndl 1 .', |i - , MnrV'.rt »t..hPt.N(h ft l>th.
DOAUDING VOll CIIILDliH^
NURSE wishes rhlldrrn nt lowest terrnVrnirgB
Minny }-nrtl;nhnno; nr.m-hool. TC07 California.
imioks — XBW AM) OLD.
BOOK8 ut all kinds bought; llbrarl»-s purchnnrd,
H. C. Holinrw, 114!« Maikrt; tel. Howard 1040.
«> ui»i.m:ss ciiaxcijs.
A— 44000; l^nLICATERS^Jf~and~fancy~Brocery
More; entabllshrd yrara; rent (20; stock of
, nrat-clavs merchandise; will invoice $^000;
tiualncts known as a flrst-class paying propj-
sltlon. call It. O. W1LKK. 20H Kearny a.
A— $Ui0; RALOON and dance hall on Kearny
St.; 3 living rooms and kitchen; rent 135
Particulars at It. <J. WILKE'8, ao',4 Kearnyl
A 913001 HJC.ST located ealoon on water front:
elegant nxturea and a nrst-clask paying bunt-
nets; rent $40; inventlgate and you will find
a rare i-hance. It. G. WILltJ:. 26'j Kearny.
A-4H3; RESTAURANT ]
Good business
filckneaa cbub« of a real bargain
H. a. WILKE. SOtt Kearny at.::::!
A— #28?) CJOAR atan<l with lauiidry ntneo, on
IJuril si.; 4 tent |17 60; dally receipts Ho
unl rr.f.rn, All particulars tt, H, O. WlLKr"
StiH Kesrny st, 7j •
A— *fe&o; C<JjtN'i;it aaluon with o rooms; rents
t'.:., turonndbd by plftnlng inllla, fumUtr
JOl.tb hi,. I |,.l!|..r..l cl,.,j,e; . iKJlHiK ttli'.VK IIUIJ
t !!!lh:J:* i> i^^ij^^b^*^ '"•"''* W*»riiK,
A — l*M; JJAHinVAfJH Pmi crockery s(Ai«"w|'th
t'lii/»it'iii« fcimi/j on Fourth H,, near Markfctj
|o.;.j ii.j*ir,tpi,j , tf ,t tSD, Oflll l\, U, Wil.Kti,
Bo'i Ht-mny Mi ,
A— llWOiC'JJlNt'lt mIwjh wltiT re»)m« and
I... .. n..llie lUHCtt, p..|.,nl,.]r.l |,y liimnlr,
nft-1 mall h<j«»eiij rent |37| »>1fc»rlri« »bw«
• •,-.... f^ T ,...,,,ii, e»ii n. u, u ii, ni;. 'm>a
Utartiy t*. "
A"442Si ))V,tAQAGt Ahd dairy Jifodiifi ' tints
on MIsbIom fet.i 8 llvlhtf fbinno'. fMit isoj axlly
i".'!i.i= About |26, Call it, 0, v. lt,Ki;, SOU
KfRiny H,
A-»;r.(7r HKsTAUnANT on Fourth ff,T clone
• • M. .!>¦«<; I .til t.l'i; r'.'t'l I" vll.li htiBlfinrn!
value In iit!/t. Call Jl. O. WILKE, !:<!'»
Rtamy st,
A— MUBT sacrifice bui>y cigar sttnd netting me
I :.'.'• every tnonth, account ill health; been
here 12 j'.-nr; invoice cloc-k; invcBligate f>jl«
ly; 125 rent. Bee HKUGi:B, «C1 Parrott bldg.
A — JiAP.'SAIN: clear atand; money-maker: lo-
rated on v«ry bufy corner wboleitale district;
hrautirul flxturtf, reasonable rent; high class
trsfie; must be seen to bo appreciated. C. L.
111SDUEH. 4C1-402 I'arrott bldg., 825 Market.
A— 40 CIOAIl utanda; i>rlccs $75 to $1500;
pioflts Vi to $H dally; rchts (0 to $12S month.
i can -r n y ( ,u a flrst-claca utand at Invoice.
C. I* HEDGES, 4C1-4C2 I'orrott building.
A-MFO, business netting $15,(X)O annually will
be sold at a ridiculously low figure; owner
compelled to move EaM account larc^r In- .
tprcsiH. Any one wishing Al business sec my
agent, c. l^. HEL-GKS. 4C1-4C2 X'arryt bids.
A— PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market 4t.. fine-
iv fitted in». iloina fine fetislnt*f.s; owner has
otbfr buhlncss; 51200. IiOI.FS CO.. 41 3d.
A— TJAKHRY with 11 rooms attached; present
owner been there 10 y«ars; all utenells for
baking; %V£ft. KOHLFS CO.; 41 Third 8t.
A— WHOLESALE and retail liquor Btore on 3d
tt. ; stock will invoice |i^5(X); chpap^nt rent on
rtrect; want partntr. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
CHANCE for young drugghrt or physician ;
drugstore in- mining town, Nevada; for cash
«»r exchange for city drugstore or paying
property. McIiKIDIS &. CO., 705 Market Et.
H75 — CICAtt ftorc. in cood condition. Mc-
nRIUE & CO.. 7C5 Ma.rh<;t st, -
LOOK out. laundrymen! Slfam Iaundr>'; part
¦ for nale; good cliance. McIlRIDE ' & CO., ;
7C5 Market St.; phone Red V,va.
HliALY & CARUSO Eddy r.t.. San Francisco,
roorrm 13 and 10. Phone Junwis 2771 — We sell
nil kinds nf business opportunities, city and
wutfitry real estate. Call or write for our
prlated lint jiroportlps for sale and exchange.
A— BEST canrty etnre anil factory in city; near
larpe schooW 1019 Market Bt., room 1«.
CANDY, cipar nnd tobacco iitore for sale; good'
business; bargain; other, business. . . M.0 . iih.
mqxeii' T5_^^'rr£2. ntlni ** <| ft?5sA
HIO11LY respectable prlvnto pl.ice to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Unldwtn Jewelry Store. Hit)
Market, st.; tel. MiUn 1C4-*. llrnnch 10 Third.
3% ONTtirnlture and pianos: $13 up; no r«-
moval. Phone nlack,17(l». Room 91. C Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removnl;
strictly private. LICK. 110 McAllttter st.
IF you want a home I will loan vou money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 22U Winsome at.
LOANS money on salary; no indorscr; n.-iMern
plan. Western t.ivvn Co.. I'.OO Fh^l.-in Mrlir.
MUSICAL 1NSTUUMEXTS.
• W^^"o"fferlnff"the best lnducemcnts~lmagt^r
able on new pianos; having made a cbang*
In some of our agencies tha stock on hand of
the old lines will be marked right down to
bedrock, so as .To close tlwm out quickly;
there are only a *'*w — about a dozen — so ther*
must be no delay If you am to have one of
them; wo are agents for Decker, Wtssn er
Baumelster and Stoddard; alt of them tht
very best'for the price. THE ZENO MAC
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 7O> Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seeminaiy advantageous
propositions are offered in Ua way of prlcea
and terms upon planoa. please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate tAem, but
can offer exceptionally. fine pianos and larg-
est assortment of best makcsi to chocsa from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Htelnway di»alera
.cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F. ; iiroad-
way ahd Thirteenth ata.. Oakland.
ALL bargains on account of removal. a;i
ptanos must be stored, rentrd or sold on ao-
couot of damp walla. New pianos, $08 up:
second-hand. $23 up; standard makes. Jt<:.1
up. Be sure and investigate this great sale) _.
b-fore purchasing. HEIN3 PIANO CO..
qjary at., opp. Union Square.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— -
Second-hand upright pianos from $33 up.
Second-hand square ptanoa from $30 up.
organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $173 up. BENJ. CURTAZ ft
SON, 19 to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering. Ma3oa
& Hamlln, Vose, Sterling pianos. -i
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOnLEH & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell at.; established 1S30.
SOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
Lester pianos; Splalmann pianos; Ceclltan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 803, 310,
812 Post st.
SMALL upright, $33; 'large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; aquar* planoa, $33 up; A, n.
Cameron, walnue case, almoat new, $279.
Bowers « Bon, 23 5th St., Ivera ft Pond agt>.
WE offer for one week 13 beautiful ptanos at
bargain price* from $«5 up. V, W. 8PEN.
CEU A CO., eorner flutter and Powell sts,
OUlt pianos, tha leading mak<*ra: prtea $10O up-
ward; value* beat In tha etty. tMERCE r i»
I'tANO FACTORY, Market, 14th and Church.
A ~ir J S B lot Vf art la tin piano* now on display
a( tha ncuv niuat-i ot..ro et Th« Wiley II Allan
Co,, Ctl M'f^'tjt,
AT kmUo»>prt*9« 8T planea this wa«h dirt
phew; nsw and aa«or)'1-har).1 f«r a»ora*e an^
a.1vftf t ean. Wt t.flt)N'B Btefag^JTlO 1 ";
PAfiTY •»ert"n7 r M «ee«unt <li*TrT*ln fnmUvt
large niw a.priial upright fiitum. T23 Eddy.
BTO^JC of pldrir^* furno'1 «v«r f»» m» »i h<» «f«
fsr»>d »e iflenn.'i*, l / a \t t t/COft, jW Pi 'jgg J» j »¦_
DAttrlAm, gr«n» pti^nflde; fl uprtxhn, n«*r1ir
new, Jnrt. ttCilMtY2S_* CO., HI MoAlllat**
Vr^iF^RinriTn, 23 Turi« it,, n#nr Mftfk«t—
filiiminaor, flcnubart ami MMlnwar' hargAin«.
BTIf.T. renMnif n*w ptetnai, |1 n«r month.
HCOTf -CL/IlTAiS Piano Co . B«'O iray»s at.
BlTPHninn vlnllna, Either*, old «nr1 n»w. If.
M t; Lt.nit, mak»r. fepnlraf 'i t.nthnm plaew.
vvv'tctin XTiii nToiitzj* to ''^t»
E*IMAn5p'h KCJffa iTm" bifig., 1*37 M»rkat st. I of*
flp»» wlfh light. h»at unit Janitor. $13 to $20.
AHIITON ft OAItDlNEIt.
PACIFIC. n2». near Bansomn — H.andsnm* larg*
store; cheap. ¦
BUNNT office* Junt »»»low Koarny St.. 110;
alao laritn ator*. Key* ! ''.'" Ctav at., room t.
oil..
OH* tanks. 2nrt-hand, In gnM orrt.r; all aUes;
cheap. II, H. WHITK. IHMja tt»al«» at.
I'Ai.vTEiis A.^rniicoHAToiis.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rate*; get figures. }',
C. ROMAINE. tHO O. O. ave. ; tel. folk 112.1.
PAPER1NO rn«m, tvnlld, $1 r,O: palntlnir. SI;
wtilt»nlntr. 73c. Pnlnfr, ,'lf3 rjo|.l»n Oatu nv.
•^^^ imlmistiIy. ~
MRS. 17. PGARCE, Dclantlflc bualne«a pnlmtit,
parlors 12 and l-'l. The V*ndnme, 1 101 Si.irknt
at. ; houra from I) a. m. to l<) p. rn.
JI.MC. O. L. NKKnOAAnn rrnda 1 fo ?. 700
Post St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837. " " '
II. JEROME FOB ELL!, sclent I do pal mist f 519
Taylur at.. h"t. <)"ttry ami 1'o^t; tet.HUck Bill.
riausoNAi.s. '
AN elegant line of remnanta for suits to order,
$13; with these sultn w« make an extra pair
of pant" free of charge; other suits on install*
ments. $1 weekly. L LE.MOS, 1117 Market
it., between Seventh and Eighth.
J. E. DATTEY, magnetlo hnoler. Is now pre-
pr-.l to treat parties at thi-lr home; rh«umo>
tlsm a up-' -l»lty : satisfaction guarantee.L
Call or aildrnaa 30 Ellla at.; phona Clay 211.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 41 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
23 j to $1 CO per night; ft rn t > $>t per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guesa? You can b* certain of atyla and
fit by using Standard Patterns: March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVAN3. Domestfo office, 1C21 Market. nr.Ctrt.
RAO carcet* wove to order and for sale; alao
chenltle-wov* rugs, silk portlores; dealer tn
carpet twl**e. In hank or chain, at lowest
ratca. Oeo. Matthews. 700 Fifth, Oakland.
A — WHAT do you think? O. HERMAN. 1S
Kill*, makea colored ahlrta to ordar; $1 each;
same as white ahtrts; selection 300 patterns.
GEOROE W. BR00K8. formerly of Rochester.
N. Y.j kindly send m* your address; lm-
portant. L. 8.. box 0700. Call.
WHITB cnamet iron beda, atngla, thr«e-quart»r
or double, $2 23. EASTERN* OUTFITTLNC*
¦ CO.. 1316-1312 Btockton at., near Broadway. V
ALL my customers recommend their friends to'
me; hatrdresstnr. *ny style, 23a; iwltchej,
wigs. O. LEDKRER, 123 Btockton St.
AT leva than cost, uncalled-for aults overcoats)
and trouaers at CHARLES LYONS', Londoa
tailor. T21 Market st.
Klactrolytlo removal of mr>l-s and auparfluotia
hair;, permanent; palnUas; fre* treatment;
work guaranteed. >ll« C. Dudley, 1703 Mkt.
A school to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man.
Icurlng, Manhattan Hair titora, 1703 Market.
bat, I'ulk anil Van Neaj. MI.SM A. V, rx>YL«.
A— U 1 * your hair la falling of you ara bal* ealfnn
Pr.O W.M»tir»,Sa3O'l»*affq||; aen<l for •¦ir.'iil.ir.
I'lilVATB 4eteellv» work; raaaanan'u ra.l«s"; 10
..^!i? > ** p l rt *!! o i < '...f i h2\t^ t> l.^}^*J i '
EliE'JTHUJ n«ed|a «fi«e|n|Iau; ant>drfluni|»,hnlP
jt1aB{r.iva<t_»tr4. II, R«it<iti, 43/Mutt*r.
toUt'VMVttlU >t!>* hair pnrinHn^ntly rtmnvail by
., *j^jy'« 1^1^- jyjj?^.^. UAMMM. 42«»Buit«r.
SUPKHP'IiUOUS hslr nnti lmrtio«i romnva'1 by
m Pla^tfld niMfllg.fJr.AMra.tfavary.inii Hfrtrai«'«.
Af.FttKtlt^Irt Kgyptlan ltf«tin»! 7*<*tn>r*~gt7r
hair tr> lta nwturtl cnlir; II; «,t all t1rti«i«N,
ONB MINUTE .To7miAClTfTl-'mot'"H CUI1«
Instniitly; lq»> ttfifl 2.".d. All rlruagtflla.
Mrs, Drle«»— Cup^rfluotts hulr, fml»>» d««troy».i
_ t>y "Ipctrlo npg.lK 0^ ftuiter; Hl.Lnrh 1 n.'J 1 1 1 ,
MASQUERADE cn<*turr.M, pixy books, w!«sj
country ordem, OOLDBTfrlN fk. CO.. 7."..1 Mkt.
Maaquerada coatumea at ir. Anderson's, thuatrl-l
ca> coptumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders. a.
TAILOR-MADE eultd. $7 60; dresa pant*. $2 30*
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor Hush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH COP.N PAINT. th<i
¦ boat rurn cure, 2.V; all druggist*. •
PHYSICIANS A*D MLIuazo.VI.
ABSOLXJTELT~FREE~CONSUirTATioN^Cu
diseases of men and women treated succpk!'-
fully. Prepare all medlcln>» myself. DR.
FORDEN, No. 0 Turk s:., corner Mason.
A— DR. OLIVE OnUVER. lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL- Office and residence.
1021H Markgt nt.. b»?t. Sixth and Seventh.
PROMOTERS. ~
1 WISH to nifPt responsible, enterprising busi-
ness man. who wishes to make big fortune-
"by promoting stock company for great
money-makini? invention. Address 8TAF-
- KOFJD, 13;i Klc>venth at.,
S fij5^£JH |A CHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.. repairing;
lowest ratea; phone Howard 3204. 1 15 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, -entM. exchnnc i <1; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Oreen 1 1 1. 20.*. 4th.
_^JSTORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-KODOLPH Rtora^"mTd~Movinsr Co..
of nee Post ant Powe\l 3ta. 1 tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage~Wan»rioii3o! S4O Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard Oil. F. W. ZSI1FU33.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co. 630 Market »t.;i
tel. Main 1810; shipping, at cut rates. <*
PACIFIC Storage, and Farniture Moving Com-
pany.' 2320 Fillmore St.; yhon« Jackson 2SL.
IIIISIMCSS CH AWCB S-— Con 1 1 n no d.^
JOSEPlTsTItAUDr* n ,.
K&0. Market *t., corner Stockton.. •
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Ertate Agent. '¦¦'*' ¦
; Property nought and 8old,
Ittnte Collected.
Loans Ncsotlated.
legitimate Business
; - Agent.'
A— *2f.O; DELICACY store; receipts $10 day;
full value. STRAND & CO., 2W Kearny at.
A— *6.')0; CORNER saloon; best In city. 100
others f ltfO to $3000. STRAND. 200 Kearny.
A— #225; CORNER cigar etore; receipts $10
day ; rent $12 month. STRAND. 200 Keurny.
A— $230. SALOON; city front; good etock and
fixtures; good . trade. .STRAND & CO.. 200
Kearny st.
GOOD INVESTMENT! • •
A manufacturing company which owns the
most valuable Invention ever patented, con-
sisting of a heating apparatus whereby gas Is
generated for fuel of W per cent of compressed
air and with 16 per cent of crude oil, which
makes fuel 50 per cent cheaper than any other
beat known for boilers, stovee, ranges, smelt-
ing furnaces and thawing machines for Alaska.
We offer 15.000 shares, $10 par .value, fully
paid up, non-assessable, for $2 50 per share for
eale. We have a large factory in Hoboken, N.
J., In operation and will also have one factory
noon in San Francisco for the Pacific Coast.
Pleane address for Information or shares in lets
of 10 THE ARCTIC RAPID HEATING AND
THAWING COMPANY. ROOMS 4.10-431 PAU-
ROTT BUILDING, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
FOR SALE — A very profitable saloon lrf the
lively mining camp of Keswlck; price ?2500;
part cash, part time; must be *old on account
of Ill-health; no agents; owner Is In town.
¦ For particulars address box 3710. Call office.
A— ?3CK)71'ARTN KR wanted; suited to steady
young mnn satlirn>d with $18 to J-25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 G^eary Bt., room 4. •
A— SALOON oil Third st., close to Market; 2
years' lease,- 1 , fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling $2750. Rolilfs Co., 41 Third st.
IUTSINE.SS mifn or woman with $2000; fine
business; no fake or scheme; fullest investi-
gation perm! ted. Box 3714, Call.
WANTED— 0 i let* with $25 rash; $4C0 per cent
profit; 1 mar made $140 last wo*k. Call at
3 p. m. at 2fl7 Natoma et., upstairs. -
IF you are peeking safe and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus »pf the Metropolis
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number nf ehara at 1100 each, N.
B, HAND, Secretary, 11:1 Stockton Et.
OUll NfcW Alternating! Hyptern of turf specula-
tion IP the fsBft-at anil innet profitable ever
deviser); average rninthly profitH nver SO pep
rent! explanation fieft, N, H, HANP ii CO,,
, J^pert Hanrih'appers, 113 Ptockton Bt,
CORN Eli ealson,' renl tJH, with !l furniehed
1-ofifnp, will be cold rheap If eal|p4 for St
?we. Apply in JXJNNKLLY & JJRANNAN,
I snit^ HTI1 1 A nv~iflan «s ft pftrtner in «n eld
relfAtfU r"»*1 ho«p§: werth AwWe th# Btnount
tt.-drty. llufcineen mnrA TrHC», ft'i<\ f'lnn
t r (ilt Mlp=Hh"fl storei the fiftiV en# in gun
it.»r... i; H-..1 irr.B-.ii tar e@llltig. Apply \« It.
WaONRH. at., Pan Fruni'lEfr..
OfifjiMrMiii^n--Mui.t ti« s&iii mi unet; |do00.
»Hootn HI, iniOA Msthf>t_ ft.
CONf'l'KT I1.1II fur ffltei b«r»flln. M6H 1'a"
• irk' *I,i nwtipr pnltm rioHh.
lU'WTAttttANTMJisnni potid pnylng bunlnMnj
tiiust r< 11 nn «'¦. "w ill of rlrkrioss. 411 Fourth,
Frill ruir- I- 1 ... i-ii-i-ImiiiI rlnlhln« hualneiiR; good
location; 'J living room*. S'lP Fourth «t.
WANTI'D— To buy paying launiry routs, Jlo*
3762. Call,
CIOAR rlnnd, wslrr front; aacrlflfe; depart-
nrw Ala«ko; fmin mnkw nfTrr. 2'H Knat fl.
honniffa-ntwnvin von salij.
A— BPlscfALi 20 rm».; cor.: rlenrs |1(W; MOO
ca*h, tm I, tnny terms; prlr« flCOO, Rotfioff.
A— Wl? offer any of following on «uy terms;
70 rm».; elegant; long lenae; clears $100. $0RO0
10 rooms; wiling on account of drath... 400
So rooms; >-i< «rp $]2."; payments. inrto
in roonm; Kdily ft.; reduced to.... noo
n iiM.me; tint; bargain. . ...; ' S00
22 riyimn; .".<1 *t,; clcnrs $100; payments.. 7"0
10 roomR; .lnnen-«t. fornp.r; only 275
7 room*; bargain: «*aiiy terms.......... itfio
17 room*; clenrn *75; only 2f.O
1!> im.hiir; 1 .'lit f4O; .1-nrH $i'.n 4.M)
A. II, lirZTHlsOVir A CO.s phone John r.3l.
iwio Mwfkct >t.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
m wsSBiBsNestm
MARION GRIFFIN, 71« Mnrkct »t, rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
nig free list of lodglng-houim nt my office.
All for *nli> on <-r>*y t»rm«, Pleaan rail. -
n rooms; cor.; tnit $23; good furniture. $r..">0
10 rooms; cost 11200; cherry end mahr.g. "SO
Ji rnnmr,; rlenn; full of men; clears flR. 700
-l rooms; expenses 1102; Income 1225;
perm, roomers; all new; mod. Improv.
.10 rooms; cor.; cleared $000 In 0 mo.. 1500
f.O rooms; cor. : n. Market; clears $150.. 2800
WINSTON A WOLF ."."
J020 Market st 1020 Market st.
(Photograph Oallery Entrance.)
20roomn, rent $-'.0; must noil.. <.$1100
20 rooms, rent .*<«": good locution........ t'.V)
29 rooms, rent $75; near Butter st 1700
20 rooms, rent $75; offices: good...... 1400
40 rooma. rent 97.'*: aee thla 1700
AVo Have Many More Such Bargains.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
r-:.i Market st..., (Inc.).... Phone Davis 2ftl.
Hcllnble dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
btiftlncM rhances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
I^oan monry nt lowest rntes.
Hometlilng new evi>ry day. .
New houses to lrase.
KRASKY &CO.. I'lM'OA Market st.t. '
25 rooms; Market St.: new...-. ftOOO
20 rooms; nenr City Hall; rent $50.. ..$1400
H rooms; Ellis st.: new flat.'. $ v 30
22 rooms; on <".n» floor; new carpets; owner
leaving city; great bargain. 1
$8."«n — 21 noOMR; Vunny corner; rent $45.
KHASKY & CO., 1010 Market rt.. room 10.
A. CAMKRON & CO., ' ,
850 Market st. and R Stockton St.,
. Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phono Bush 828.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to aell. list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flata; all rlzea and prlcea; lrf all part « of city.
~™ McDANIEL, BKIRM A CO..
003 Market st. . Thone Mint 2811.
Our list of lodging-houses, hotels, fiats end
business rhances Is the largest. It will pay
you to Investigate,
A — NOTICE— :We have roomlng-housea, all
nlcea and prlrea, In all parta nf the city; net
nur H»t flrat, MITCIIEU, & CO., 1200 Maria,
BNAP-Flat of (I rms,: *ult, for bqs, j only |27D,
...... I'srt rash; furniture worth IMiO. , . , , ,
MrimiPK A CO., 7ffl Market «t
JiViniTVAlAHM.
Ii.k medium; n.lilta (speak fH.« to fure; aeun^
Yues, Krl,, Pun., ft |>, m,j fif)o, }0M Himh «t,
M?r«, J, i, WKITNBY, "frsnea, bus, rnerfiuTni
Ufa iK..iri; meiiiPHi rUlrvoyanii ptltlngs, |l'|
Miter, 13, UU n-yarrell M,{ Kllla car.
VHOP. (lEti, nifdlurn, IfrtT Sixth Pt.j perf«et
»r.M«iu.-,: rfttfl, tUf, *ij #«lr, gvgry_ nlglit; ¦ IQa.
GRAND tieneflt mflf^rlsUflng poanra to-night
by C, V, Mi fiLK ll, ftOe._Jwii<Vih; it.
mm 13, voutih'ti dtmoflitrmtlen bMiplrit ritura
td'filgliti jj ) . e i..CftrH«' t gfepptlra,
SDWAftn KAUt.w, nw 15111k; readings dttlly;
tihotie Polk 1'iOl; "eance^Wundayj^n^Thiirji.
FltiKNtj^mt* Hall, fl.16 McAllister— Mr*. C, 3.
Mpypf! »Hilnt?w dfllivi !*¦«¦» (nail io^tiinht; 1Q' 1 .
CLAinVOVAXTS.
MME." M^ Vt E JIN AUD, *~~ " " ~
run famoub
Clairvoyant and buslnena medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
Hhe reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, revealR the present hap*
penliig* and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or buslnpcs troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to ovrconn
them. Valuable advice in all arfalra of life; 2fla
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4500..
TIME EXTENDED. • - - ¦' ¦¦•-- '•¦-
2Bc— 25c. r
PROF. BROCKWAY. PROF. BROCKWAY.
Bclentlflc and Expert Life ."Reader. - ¦
¦ Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
interest manlferted In each individual case,
sound advice and counsel are not equaled in this
; city at any figure. 1002 Ellis st.. bet. Frank-
lin and (Jousrh.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2C; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction, guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with uppclal term?. Dally nnd Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings" dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to .12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 320A Ellis; clairvoyant,
cryetal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; B0c-$l; 10 tf. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. r> Fourth, st.
MME. ODELL'. clairvoyant, card reader; past
present, future; L. 25c, G. 60c. S21% Eddy.
MRS. JACQUE, 1 trance, sittings; palmistry &
card reading; 25c & SOc. 809 5th St.. r. 12.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, Egyptian clairvoyant;
accepts engage, prlv. parties. .JOOSJ/j Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card readerriadles
25c; gents 00c; readings dally. 182 Sixth st.
LOST ASP ' FOPS^D.
LOST— A small alligator purse containing $40
in gold, near Cllft House. Finder return to
42 Second it. and receive liberal reward.
FROM Oak and Buchanan to Hayes and Frank,
tin lit*., purse with watch and money. Re-
ward COS Oak st. '•
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
And Loan Society of San Francisco In the
names of FRANCOISE ROURQUIN or
EMILE LUCIEN BOURQUIN. No. 1S6-M0.
The finder will please return to bank. %
LOST— A oasribook with the Hlbernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francl#co in the
name of ELLEN HUME, No. 255-1572. Th»
finder will please return to bank. |
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Barings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MRS. BERTHA DALE. No. 02-qei.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Fraticisco, in the
name of ANNIE E. MIDOLEY. No. 100-140.
The, finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Scotch collie dog. 6 months old- tan.
¦with white markings; .reward. 2S40 Jack-
son st. ¦__
LOST— February 21. pug dog, San Francisco
license. Return to 1290 Van Ness ave. and
receive reward. •
LOST— Knight Templar charm. Thursday eve.
Reward if returned to J. H. BLAKEWAY.
805 Howard at. .
LOST— White and brlndle greyhound pup; re-
ward. 111B. I^angtqn «t. J
LOST— Black cocker spaniel bitch, named
"Tootale"; reward. 1833 Geary st.
FOUND— Lady's gold watch. Owner can have
name by proving property and paying for tnis
advertisement. Apply Cashier of San Fran-
claco Call. _j
FOUND— A silk umbrella: owner can have
same by describing It. . Box 8863, Call.
IT will ray to "Remember" that th* Califor-
nia WatcH Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch casea.
' . MATKI3IOXIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887: reliable and
conndentlal; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 700 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AIVP 1'ILI.O \VS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st. 1 tel. Ouah 421.
T 1 . • )
' MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist,— Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist en female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected' tha unfL.rtun.iia helped; relief In all
rateb taken; the most difficult caae* treats. l;
luva relieved thousand? of most obstinate.
I'ttaca; free, confidential advlee or» all nubjeeU
at a dBlleata nature; by consulting him *av«
tlma end money, br, g, w, q'jjonnell.
jMjd residence tQlS Market, epp, ¥\t i H.
Mllfl. DTWYETfI==ne|labU U4|ea' *pe fl (a|UtT
80 years' esnarienepi instant relief gwaran.
t«e*i| homa befart and dunes eoiinpemsuti
[nfARts B.iwteti. 41p o'i'arreii. near TftyUir,
MUri, Kulfli, gpae)ft||3t, 410 o'Fafrt.ll wt,
LADIIM, tfflfuulf tha firlilBsTMTignJAVIRrt
At Hi- old riffi-a, tr:n Market it. 1 flo yeais'
puperijtieii ln_ejjnjetfla Rnrlj&ther >-«q«a,
MMH, t>. CJOoTTwiN,' Iftdles' phy»l<3l«nj'"s3
rent* 1 «ii,..-p Ba rni .m.-i-inp'-a in ti s r, Ma>
tgfnUy itoma.' nod Marhpt it,, ep 4thj f«« hw.
Blt\ji^rrM»ft~WKrliaNBn, ladleV physician')'
pflvM* home /of ronflnprnenti bahU* naopt*
r >d| forttiprly 1313 ft, Q. nva, 1 now 113 Manon.
HtNDOOHiantl and »ths. DAvTbh' orlglnnl
ni»tharl of treatment) mat»rnlty rioma} home
In cotiflnernent. 1120 Market st., B.V,
Mllfl, DTAFiLiwriTl" Mflrk#t— Reliahu ladlM'
spteUHitl iv private homi before •nd durlntf
confinement; bent medical care; low f««.
V^^^~rnr~K¥,Pr~2lfTtttocktorrlt., oppoatt*
Union ai|uaro; all dla*s«as curnl by harba.
Tin; grandest chance «v«r offered I* now open
for a good party to net as director In open-
Ing- the "Wabash Mine," near Amador, nn.
mother lode, near Keystone mine. Room 400,
annex to Call, P. F. • 1
OEO. D. CAMPHBLL, lawyer, Examiner b1*..n7"
I'. ; branch office, Nome, Alaska, season looa.
FOR rale— Good mining property In Noma,
Alnnkn, on good terms. H<i« .'I72t, Call office.
BOILftHS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MriN-
TUBH St WOLPMAN, _ 105-101 Fremont st.
BECOND-1IAND machlrwry, boilers, tnglnes]
pumps, dynamos, motors, gasoline englnts,
wnter pipe, eto.. bought, sold, rpnt'd/and ex-
changed. H, B. WH1TH. 130-132 llgala st.
A— UtiYfi, setts or renta gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip*", shafting, pulleys,
eto. WHITELAW. 2C3-2G5 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; bllllnrd
and pool tableti; ensy terms or rented. The
Urunswlck-Ilalke-Collender Co., 632 Mission.
10x15 JOD press complete, with fountain and
•tde flxturns. S70; other bargains for printers.
HOAq. 1M Second St. _^
A— $3 r>0 DERBY and Fedora hata, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, S30 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINK suits. 910; dres* pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING I'ARLORS, 437 Montgomery at.
BOATR, launchea. rowboats carried In stock.
HAKKR & HAMILTON.
ASIC for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER it CO., 110 Mont'gy.
<3 — SINOER sowing machine in good order.
1071 Market St.. near Twelfth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 24-hand moving plo-
turcs. BULLARD & ISUKCK, 131 Foat at.
Wall paper 3o, worth 10c; paperhanflng, point-
ing. Mcrlgan, 1802 Webster: tel. Jackson 1321.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1015 Mission.
QABOMNE englnea, all aizes, new and 2d-hand
and launchea. J. K.'UOAK, 300 Mission at. .
ENOINF'.S and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE] HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Baeramanto' at.
' , BIISCRLlTAyEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city. Box C278. Call office.
I3IO prlcea paid for aealakln coata; alao genU'
full drena and Tuxedo autta. Portland Loan
Offlee, 25 Btockton St.; phone Bush 4H4.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 Uth St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MO!VI3Y_'rO I,O A X^
x^iiattSAvTUvnvHr. eoi.eoiiiBx»mitia»"i4«
»4,r,<M>,timi «tt UwbjI K^toa. ........
......<»" rtrPt and g»eon4 Martg«ge«.,,,,,
...,...."" «.• I 1 " Interest* In Katati-a, ,,,.,,,
' ...... l'r»v*rlv l^intf H«14 In Ti'iat, ,,,,...
..... Undivided Interests In lt«Bt BsUte..,/.
LIN Inswrftnen ¦ I'oHdMi KsUtee In l'iob«/«j
itLo nBUMAN_M_Uitt|HV. tml-Wl Bittmlner
~"ma"ni i a ttaTTT© a n co. <m«.) "
l.mooo «( R'i and 0 pw esnt In uum* ta iult|
City Oakland, Yewn and country pretiertyi
Meoml »nof|gafM. M» ln«ufane# and iweurl-
• tle*i loans on unsettled stated, undivided In-
teresta In real Mtftt- nrvl le*a^l«rt^ win »ur-
•han« BbnV» iedtirltlns. Tel, fled fiO24. MAN-
IiAtyA.V IXIANCO.. 7th floor. Cfockerbl.la-.
ANY AMOUNT A*T 0 FBll CENT.
flfit, second and third morts;agei..... •....,
tfrtdlvlded Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; n* delay.,,.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
., .......R. McCOLOAN
.........24 Montgomery St.. room 8....
ANY proposition, any amount; O percent; nrst,
second and third mortgages, estatea In. pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undlflded
' Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 10,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEOROE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount on" furniture or pianos; no re-
moval; loweat rate; private, conndentlal.
.ORM8BY 20 Montgomery St., room 7, oppo-
t slte Lick House. •
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salarted
. • • people on their note
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Fhelan bldy.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
loweat rates. BECKER. 30 Geary St.. room 3fl.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl-
• ture, pianos: no removal: low rates; conttden-
tial. WHITEHEAP (Wilson's). 17tO Market.
ON furniture, pianos; no '-removal;, money
quick; loweat Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. 1 Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. S01 Jones.
$5 60 PER month repays $1000 loan; stOD Dav-
Ing (ent. MURDOCK. 514 Pine st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st . r? 1.
$10 UP on furniture.- planoa: no com. : < private
party. St.Ann'a bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th tlr.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc, 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
ladorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
• nKLr WAivTKn-~wrAiiis— Con.
A— MURRAY & READY. . ..Phone Main 0848
Lending Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 a. rn
2 machinists for a large company, country
: : • .......'. $3 day
. n quarrymen. country '. . .$UQ
¦ niacksmlth, ranch, $1 fare. .. .$50 and found
Holtmaker, $3 GO day;>2 blacksmiths, .2 sin-
gle hnnd miners, south, $07.60; 2 milkers
, nnd chcescmakcr, Oregon; 7 milkers, $.10 and
$35; 5 farm hands; B woodchoppers, $173 a
. day and $.> DO cord; ICOVoodchoppers and tie-
makers, cheap fares; stenographer and type-
writer, country; handy man, Cathollo Insti-
tution, $23 and found.
Young Eastern butcher for shop and drive
• wagon, $12 week ; ...,
v Cook,' small camp, $35 and found, see bos«
' here; cook, . country hotel, $50 and found;
laundryman, $10; . German waiter, $30 and
'found; 3 cooks, kitchen help.-
¦ MURRAY & READY. C34-836 Clay st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. .010 Clay St. .
2 coal miners, fare advanced.. ..$2 75 a day
2 woodchoppcrs, San Mateo Co..$l 40 a cord
Eastern' farmer and milk $25
Teameter for orchard ..¦ ..$26
Butter maker and milk $30
Mlllccr,' 20 cows ¦...'. .$30
Choreman for ranch ...: ¦ $10
Driver. for milk wagon :....... $40 and found
Porter for saloon $30 and board
Porter for institution.. .$15 Aid found
» Hoy for butcher shop $5 a week
German ¦ to . draw beer $40
Choreman and wife, near city ....$40
Second hotel waiter, city $25
A — BROILER and roast cook, country hotel,
..$"!*. to $80. C. R. IIANSEN &. CO., 101
Geary st
WANTED — Young man who has had experi-
ence at office work; muBt be good at figurcb;
Iir3t-clasa local references required. Apply
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED-i-Experlenced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at' HALU
BOY for office work: high school or business,
college craduato preferred; good handwriting
. required; advancement. Box 8711. Call N
A— $200; PARTNER wanted; light Indoor bust-
ness, suited to plain, steady man, satisfied
: with $7f> to $100 month. For particulars aee
_ STRAND ft CO.. 200 Kearny at.
WANTED— Experienced pressmen on platen
presses. Apply SANBORN, VAIL ¦ & CO.,
741 Market 'Bt, • .
WANTED— Bpber, reliable young man* with
some cash; no experience necessary; $13 to
$15 week; steady place. Brown, 1221 Market,
A GOOD paying 2-rchalr barber shop In the
country, Jnaulre at WILL & F1NCK CO,,
Market at,
BTR A DTmsni light office" work"; wilf pay~$63
tp $7B per month: experienea not neeeHaaryj
have $120, 700 Market fet., rQC ,rn 3,
WANTJ?|WFIrst'fllfts» drees goods najesman
And Nilli.fcitlr-Kiiinu; stata. ag@, eipert#nca ftfld
salary eypeeteii, ApfiTy \)Q* RIOi,
nAIlKIJEPmTfer wina snfl llauer §{Qr« with
elty refereiie^s; Qwinan or Freneh preferred.
Apply at 15 City Hall g'tiiarti.
MAN for links, ehtipi must havi~«!fpefl^ne§i
435 VMs Bt. ' ,
WANTlih»«df»art PftnVBsseri staadyi b#st prup.
on earth. 'i\'if> AlUilon Bt.
AJM'JtigN'riTjl^ l».iy flbout Ifi y#ar* ef «¦¦» te
_l»ftrijji)lftckmtinh trHila, _H>_m .17in, Gall.
WANTWl)=K)ijiPfleriei«r1 drtmeatla ial«im65i
_AtU'|yJ'.qx tlfo:), Call eflice.
WA NTMt^Miin 'wltlTluTo nnd hlir»*rvld*ii 111
_ ftffipg) Btend)' pnsltlnn. Un% tl.141,_Call offlde,
ALt<-A HOUND ?¦sp'-rli'nL'cd »<aiiily maker for
country. Apply iiit linttery *i,
W^^jy^ _^* 1 . 1^ fct^^OO^ 1 toward it.
HOY wanted In ulackslrnlli shop, 013 (loush
strew t ._
WA NTED— Flrnt-clRM Indies' tailor! no others
rtml apply. P. VERI>IEIt. im4 Geary »t; .
tJTHONO boy with sornr< experience as wagon
. blackimlth m helper, fi.17 lirannan nt. . ,
WANTED- "floy for wholesale hotis?/ Address,
stating ngo «nd experlnnci, box 11747, Call.
WANTED— Young men with acme experience
on J° b presses. McNBIL DRO8., 801 Hayes.
WANTKD—A' boll boyT~20 Btockton it.
UAROISR wfltited, first class. C. J. WALD,
• Vallejo. Cal.^ ,
WANTED— CO men to take Induing In Cam-
bridge House, M'l Howard; chunged hands.
TAILOR shop for snle; good buslne**; slck<
ners, nux 1171 B, Call.
WANTED— Rtnady man with $123 cash: no ex-
perience required; permanent place; will pay
$'10 per month. Apply 1010 Market, room 10.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
H, navy; able-bodied, unmarried men nf good
rnarnctor, between the ngea of 21 and BB; not
less than R fact 4 Inchns and not over 0 feet 1
Inch: nble to spunk and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Kills St., Ban FrancUco.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In demand;
only require* 8 weeks; tools donated ; cata-
logue' free MOLER'S DARBER COLLEGE,
035 Clay s'.. '. *
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkm, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 par week.
WANTED — M«n to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mnllcd free; discount this month.
Gordon's Darbcr College, Los Angeles. Cal.
EXPERIENCED wire hat, frame makers!
TOPLITZ & CO.. C4P Market st. , ¦
WANTED — Cash hoy. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALF, HROS.
WANTED— Experienced boys or man for ped-
dllng fruit. fcCT Natoma St., about 7 a. m.
GOOD all nround shoemaker; bring bench tools.
1.120 Park St.. Alamcda.
BARnnna — Oond country 2-chnlr ahop far
Bale. 100 Ellis st. . - V
BTRONO boy; aged about 15 years. Apply at
the Royal, CO Third st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. A CO.. 24 Butter st.
WANTED — A young man to learn the liquor
buplneaa. 331 Ell la at,
BLACKSMITHS,' carpenters, green hands and
seamen for ships at HERMAN'S. 20 flteuart.
EKTRA pay now due U, B. Volunteers. Call
or write Bherwood, pension atty., (524 Market.
B00 MEN to buy new and 2<l-hanrt army shoes',
60c lip; aollng 20a up. »23 Howard at., nr. nth.
YOUNG men to l^arn barber trade; catalogue
_JTTaUej,_fl, y, narhar College, 741 A Howa rd,
J'JWBION ntty,,, M, A. Ilullls, 8, 40, PheUn
t J'jg. Past Coin, Qfto, ?t, Thomas Vanj, O, A, R,
HAII.OflB, ordinary, for ahlps for alTpartV of
tha WOH'1. JljCnMAN^H, 3H jilaiiart at,
ALL sli!e8 7r^Bn l B""iiho(rsriiliKhtly'dnm4geri, hilif
fifli'i Mission at,, huf. istflnrt 2.1 «t«,
OHT ynur uti r>P«~lm i7«"pol #if ~w h 1 1 a WRTtlmTrafla
_jo fioc. Mi;i Afisni»n wt, net, 1st arnl 'id sta,
yjNCnKOTJSn ifoit^P, 44 Third «t,. floar MsT^
. fr»w 'bug w»Ujg.f_gjge t <> ftH<1 ffnm farry.
GliASSlVWD fl.1vfiht|penieti(n nnd siihf«.f|i3(ions
_ffieelvjd_nt C'ttll tifnHeli ofrtea^JSeO FUlmore,
A JIMANCII (Mentor CfliTntfviirtl^Hifriti *M
jutjeeflfttlofis linn lipxti established at lood
BAN FtlANCtHCO, Cn^rMttreh 4, 1002^T^«r«
will be wold at tutl.lio nuetlon at Pre«Mld of
San Francisco, Callfortiln, commencing
Thursday, March 13, 1002, and continuing
from liny to day, 223 horses, These horses
are acclimated ¦ and In good condition, but
are no longer needed for. the publlo servloe.
• TurmiH- Cnsh. For further Information Ap-
ply to the quartermaster at Vre»ldlo of Ban
Francjsco, Cal, D, D WHEELER, Deputy
Quartermaster General, U. S. Army, Chief
Quartermaster.
A LOT of horses ¦ for sale at Arcade Horse
Market,' 327 Sixth St.; also buggies. Wtigons,
harness, etc.: auction snle« every Wednesday
• at Ha. tn. JOHN J. DOYLB, - Auctioneer. v
SAN ROSA salt-yard— Horses, harness and bug-
' gles bought and sold; new stook always on
hand. 1400 Market st., corner Eleventh.
LARGEST stock second-hand wagons, Surrey,
buckboard, harness, work and driving horses.
Fifteenth and Valencia. . i ..
FIRST-CLASS light . piajfo box top buggy
cheap.' 1523 Sanchez st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap." EG AN, & SON. 2117 Mission st.
ANA'No. l ; expresa .wagon; single; also light
., ' camping wagon for sale cheap. . r.32 Mission.
CHEAriKST and best in America— Tins Weekly'
Call. 10 pages, sent to any. address in the
United States or Canada one 'year for ,$1. .
" _no USES TO ' LET.
A — PRINTED list-houses to>let; send for clr-
. culayi G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
v.HOUSES FOR SALE..'
NEW- sunny housed 7 rooms; large basement;
. yard ;: fine location;. Portola. oft Waller, bet.
Pierce and Steiner. Gco. Moore. 63 Portola,
' HYGIENIC;" HAIR TREATMENT.
MRS. ~ HARTLAND ¦ renews -• thin, faded and
, lusterless hair;. removes dandruff; has treated
baldness "with -great success; free consulta-
tion. Room SO,; Llebes building. 139 Post, 'Yun Mo Tal, who struck .Tun Sing Choy
of 911 Clay street on the head with a
cleaver on November 26 last, was allowed
to plead guilty to a charge of an assault
with . a deadly weapon yesterday. Judge
Lawlor. sentenced him to -two years' im
prisonment in the County Jail. /
Goes to Jail for Two Years.
An unknown man. jumped or fell Into
the bay Tuesday ¦ night from Howard
street wharf. The watchman at the coal
bunker3 heard the splash, but was unable
to render any assistance.
The Pacific Mail Steamship San Jose
was yesterday placed on the Union: Iron
Works drydock for a much-needed clean
ing. '
A dispatch from , London says that 534
cases, and casks have been landed from
the wrecked ship Liverpool and placed in
a bonded warehouse."
Water Front Notes.
Nels Sorenson, a sailor on the ship Mar
ion Chllcott, fell down the; hold. yesterday
and fractured his skull. He was taken to
the • Harbor. Hospital and later removed
to the Central Emergency Hospital for
operation. ¦ ,i .
Fractures His Skull.
The schooner Gotama, which arrived
here yesterday from Coos Bay, reports
that on February 26, fifty miles west of
Coos Bay, Charles W. Bangs, aijEeaman,
fell off the Jibboom in a heavy southeast
erly gale and was drowned. Bangs was
a native of Finland and twenty-one years
of -age. - *
Loses a Sailor Overboard.
Reinsurance on the French bark Oliver;
de Clisson has been marked up to 3 1 ) per
cent and on tha Ernest Legoure to 25 per
cent; The Oliver de Clisson has a cargo
of coal which has been in her hold more
than nine months. She is looked upon
as a bad risk.
Reinsurance Rates.
The German bark Scheffleh, which'ar
rived yesterday at Port Townsend, re
ports that off Flattery she sighted a dan
gerous loaded derelict. It was a schooner
abouf ninety feet long, with one mast
standing, with shreds of sail attached.
There was no sign of life aboard. It was
probably the Laura Pike.
Probably the Laura Pike.
The new four-masted barkentine Koko
Head, now on her way to Eureka in tow
of the Defiance, will carry to Manila a
very large cargo of lumber. Hind, Rolph
& Co., the owners, engaged the services
of the tug for the trip to Eureka on ac
count of the recent unsatisfactory moods
of the wind. The Koko. Head is a new
craft and is probably the, handsomest
barkentine on the coast.
"Will Carry Big Cargo.
A bequest of $5000 to the father of the
deceased, owing to the death of the for
mer. Is added to the trust fund left to the
poor of Blackford. George Bennett and
Alfred Black are named as executors.
Half the estate to the widow, Agnes Anne
Scobie of S7-4Fell Etreet; $05,000 to Margaret
Scobie Davis, a stepdaughter, of Princeton,
N. J. : $33,000 to the children of his deceased
sister. Isabella Arnott, who live in England;
$35, COO to George Bennett, in trust for a sis
ter Catherine Griffin • of Guerneville, and
$10",0CO to John Lawson and William Scobie
of BlackforJ, Scotland, in trust for the poor
of that town, the birthplace of the deceased.
The will of the late James Scobie, a
contractor who died in' this city February
24, was filed for probate yesterday. He
disposes of an estate which is estimated
to be worth $300,000 as follows:
digent of Town of Blackf ord,
Scotland.
James Scobie Leaves 815,000 to In-
REMEMBERS THE POOR
OF HIS NATIVE PLACE
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day afternoon and devoted almost the en
tire session to approving payment of an
accumulation of bills. After the recent
storm the Commissioners called for bids
for repairing damage done by the wind
to cornice work on the ferry depot. There
were three bids submitted— $2700, $2£00 and
$2513— but they were all rejected as being
too high. ; . .
Harbor, Commissioners Meet.
LONDON, March 5.— The House ot Com
mona to-day rejected the second reading of thrc
eight-hour miners' bill by a vote of 208 to 207.
The bark AV. B. Flint arrived yesterday
frbm Makaweli after a veryy rough trip,
followed by thirty-six hours/ of calm off
the Farallones. The Flint. reft Makaweli
February 15 and was fairly well treated
by wind and weather until February, 24,
wh-2n a roaring gale came along from the
west-southwest. This gale continued for
forty hours, the bark scudding before it
under lower topsails. .The decks were
filled with water to the rails throughout
the etorm and some big seas broke com
pletely over the vessel. One. wave, which
came over the port quarter, tore the bin
nacle from the deck and did a lot of other
damage. There was another big gale on
March 1, which lasted eighteen hours, and
was followed by thirty-one hours of al
most dead calm.. The Flint brought a
cargo of sugar.
Storm-Driven for Forty Hours.
Clay of Georgia addressed the Senate
to-day in opposition to tho bill and had
not concluded when the Senate adjourned.
He made a forceful and interesting argu
ment, which was given careful attention
by his colleaeues.
Early in the session the Senate passed
the legislative, executive and judicial ap
propriation bill, the second of the big
supply measures to be acted upon.
The House to-day continued the debate
on the bill to classify the rural free de
livery service, but without action ad
journed early out of respect to the mem
ory of Representative Polk* of Pennsyl
vania, whose death occurred suddenly at
Philadelphia last night. A committee of
ilfteen was appointed to attend the fun
eral of the deceased. ¦
WASHINGTON, March 5.-It appears
likely now that the Senate will reach a
vote on the pending ship subsidy bill one
week from next Monday. When Frye. in
charge of the measure, endeavored to-day
to secure an agreement for the time of tak
ing a vote, that date, was mentioned as
being satisfactory to the minority mem
bers of the Commerce Committee.
United States District .Attorney R. A.
Breckons, formerly of Wyoming, arrived
here to-day on the transport Warren. He
was at once sworn in. by Judge Estee.
Governor Dole has issued a proclama
tion calling a special election for April 9
to elect a successor to the late A.- F. GI1
lillan, member of the House of Repre
sentatives, who met death in an accident
in Fhladelphia last December. Prince Cu
pid Kalanianaolo may run as the Home
Rule Republican candidate.
Colonel Lake, who is said to have or
ganized the Ninth Ohio Regiment during
tho Spanish War, has been arrested and
convicted on a. charge ol cheating by a
wpman, who says h.e collected rent from
her without authority.
The Elks are preparing for a pilgrim
age to Hllo to Install there a lodge of their
order. The present arrangements are
that they will start from Honolulu in the
Klnau on March 11.
HONOLULU, Feb. 2C.-The McKinley
memorial fund has been started In Hono
lulu with four subscriptions of $1000 each
and half a dozen more aggregating $2000,
a total of $6060 from ten subscribers. The
money is to be used for the purchase oC
a large playground for children. In aid
of the same fund a big polo game will be
played on March 15. A grand field day of
spcrts will also be held on March 29 for
the same object.
McKinley Memorial.
Large Subscriptions Are Mndo for the
HAWAII STARTS A FUND.
Discussion on tho Sub
sidy Question Will
SHIPPIIIG BILL
NEARS THE VOTE
The officer of the deck knew nothing
whatever of the agreement made between
Captain Fleet of the Phaeton and the tug
captain, "but the latter kept it deep down
in his pocket and said nothing."
Before the Phaeton sailed an investiga
tion was held and the preponderance of
evidence of. the officers of the British
cruiser was against the. captain of the
little American tug. Brokaw wanted to
be paid for the damages and he let them
do tho talking, still having Captain
Fleet's agreement in his pocket. When
he thought he had been abused and
blamed long enough he surprised the ofll
cers of his Majesty's cruiser by springing
upon them the agreement made with their
captain. Silence reigned supreme.
The end of the story is that Captain
Fleet paid twenty pounds sterling, with a
request that the incident be regarded as
closed and also as an international secret.
The officer of the deck on the Phaeton
seemed to be out o£ sorts while the water
ing of the British ship wa* in progress
and after the accident happened used
some strong language, stigmatizing Can
tain Brokaw as a "d Yankee."
With this guarantee Captain Brokaw
got his tug alongside after much diffi
culty. When compelled to back his boat,
however, a wave swept the tug against
the boom and tilted her foremast forward
so that it had to be cut oft. The weather
had been very rough for several days and
there was a strong southerly swell break
ing over the harbor.
HONOLULU, Feb. 26.— The accident
that occurred to the tug Fearless when
supplying the British cruiser Phaeton
with coal has nearly, resulted in an Inter
national question. The Phaeton arrived
In Honolulu February 17 after a fruitless
search for the missing Condor; On Feb
ruary 21 she was supplied with water by
the Fearless. Before beginning his work
Captain Brokaw of the tug fouiyl con
siderable difficulty in getting hia boat
safely; alongside, owing to projecting
guns and turrets, and the long, boom to
which the warship's boats were made
fast. He then saw Captain Fleet of the
Phaeton and made an arrangement with
him that the Britisher would be respon
sible if any damage occurred.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
After the meeting adjourned the four
School Directors and Superintendent
Webster called upon Mayor Schmitz to
protest against the action of the Board
of Works in refusing to allow its subor
dinates to confer with the Board of Ed
ucation in the matter of school repairs.
Director Woodward explained that the
J><5ard of Works insisted on doing all the
work and buying the materials without
couaulllng the Directors or filing requisi
tions for the same. After> the work was
completed the requisitions and bills were
sent in and were rarely correctly certified.
The Directors asked the Mayor to aid in
adjusting the differences, and his Honor
promised to do so.
Superintendent Webster announced that
he was not ready to report on the charges
of unprofessional conduct and violation
of the rules in inflicting unusual punish
ment on pupil Ragglo against -Principal
M. E. Blanchard. Webster said that new
evidence against the accused teacher had
come before him and he desired further
time to formulate his report. It is now
believed beyond a doubt that BlancharJ
¦will have to stand trial before the Board
of Education.
C. F. Weber was 'awarded the contract
to install a gymnasium apparatus on the
children's playground for $S*>3 20.
New Evidence Against Blanchard.
Director Woodward asked if the Board
of Public Works had replied to the reso
lution adopted by the School Board pro
testing against the extravagance In school
repairs made by the first named board.
AVhen Woodward was informed that the
Hoard of Works .had paid no attention io
the resolution he promptly ordered the
bills for school repairs to be held up.
William I.. Brown was appointed as
tlstant teacher of mathematics, mechan
ical drawing and surveying in the Poly
technic High School, subject to the pro
bationary period of two years.
Miss Emily Kalishcr was granted a six
months' leave of absence, provided she
waived her x rlght to return to any particu
lar class, and upon her return that she
be placed on the evening substitute list
under date of her appointment.
A resolution was adopted authorizing
the formation of two classes In the Ouena
Vista School and one in tho Bernal
School. ' .
On the recommendation of the' principal
of.thft Humboldt Evening School W. P.
lilake was appointed a substitute during
thf> leave of F. H. Dam.
Forms Three New' Classes.
The board proposes to order the draw
ing up of plans in the near future for a
modern structure to accommodate the pu
pils who desire to attend the Commercial
School.
The board adopted a resolution granting
the request of Superintendent Webster
that h« be authorized to present sugges
tions for amendments to the schedule of
work in the present course of study and
submit them to the board' on or before
April 8, 1902, to be then taken under ad
visement by the board. Webster says hU
recommendations will be made after con
sulting with the teachers in the depart
ment, and that he will ask for a modifica
tion of the course.
Tho name of the grammar school known
as the Longfellow .School was restored to
Kincon Grammar School.
"Mr. Denraan has personal and politi
cal reasons for opposing ¦ me. He has
never visited my scnool, so far as I know,
though it is his otllciiil duty to do so,
and therefore he is not in a position to
judge of the character of my work. Both
of the universities have approved my
work and admitted my pupils without ex- t
animation. They are perhaps as compe
tent to judge of my efficiency as Mr. Den
man. I am neither surprised nor cha
grined by Denman's opposition."
The Board of Education met yesterday
and took the preliminary steps toward
placing commercial instruction on an in
dependent basis in the School Depart
ment. A resolution was adopted order-
Ing the segregation of tho commercial de
partment of the Llncqln Grammar School
and directing its establishment in a dis
tinct nnd separate school, to be desig
nated as the "Public Commercial School."
Pending the preparation of new quarters
tl;e school will continue In the Lincoln
School building.
C. H. Murphy, at present the head of
the department, was appointed principal
of the Commercial School at a salary of
J1SC per mouth. The resolution further
directs Superintendent \Vebster and Prin
cipal Murphy to prepare a course of study
for the school, which Is to be submitted
before March 26, 1902. Denman was the
only Director who voted against the reso
lution, giving as his reason that the prop
osition was too weighty to take hasty ac
tion upon. Denman said he did not think
Murphy competent to organize a commer
cial school In a city of 400,000 Inhabitants.
Mr. Murphy in an interview after tho
meeting said: / '
*
"War Cloud" Gathers at
Honolulu, but Is Quickly
Scattered.
Directors Authorize Superin
tendent to Revise Course
of Study.
Master of American Tug
/ Discomfits Phaeton
Officers.
Commercial Department
to Be Removed From
the Lincoln.
YANKEE TAMES
LORDLY BRITONS
NEW BUSINESS
SCHOOL ORDERED
Tills SAJN JTKAJNUISUU CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH G, 1902.
11
MISAL KBTATn— CITY— FOR gALW.
llEADQUAttTEns roll I'AnK LOT8.
W« offer cholcrit luts at lowest prices.
Don't flelay! We ran posltvcly suit you.
flOO to $400— Orrnn Boulevard lot«; graded
• nd frnced; $5 monthly.
$.',00 to $1100— Thoicrrt Bunset lots; all
irradtd; rplendtd demand; Wonderful Improve-
mrnta; $10 monthly.
Eunect Branch Office. Ninth ave., near H *L
$400 to $S0O — Unexcelled Richmond bulldinr
)¦•¦>¦. $10 monthly.
flOO to $2T>0— Level ijullfllnn lots near Mis-
*lon-et. electric care; perfect harcalne; Inspect
them and ycu will admit It; $5 monthly.
$1000. $ir.00 to ?2T>OO— Modern cottace*; all
bargalna; choice locations; easy terms.
SOL GETZ h rmOTHER.
Room S4. Chronicle bulldlnr.
A.. E. BfCKINGHAM RKAL ESTATE^
20 MontKomery *t., room 11.
Rents collected; full char&e ttken of property.
$2,K00— Vpry cheap property: lot 30x100; near
Sixteenth and Mission tts.
$1S,500 — Three very ftyltsh new sunny flnta, 8
rooms: choice location; rcnta $150.
$10.500 — Good buy: ptor* and flats; Larkln St.,
n^ar Geary; rents $70.
$5,500— Fine 5 and 0 room flats; on Stevenson
*t.. near Thirteenth; rent $45.
$l,C50— Dirt cheap; MV. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado vtn. : 2<l:«xlO5 feet
HOVSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS
Installment*; Eleventh av».. H and 1 vts near
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A -,, E< U CKINOHAM. 20 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
K50 Market Bt.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agents.
_ . „ Property Bought and Bold.
Rents collected.
F°5 "»!e— Fine new Mission home; big lot. 57x
1^0; 7 rooms and bath; here's a bargain: must
be fold; worth SCOOO; make an offer; splendid
locality: rrand view; ear linen close. CONK- .
LIX. FULLINGTON &. CO.. 710 Market St. |
FOR Bale — 8-room fist nicely furnished; near
City Hall. Box 3751. Call office.
3-ROOM houee for sale; barpain. 1013 Do
Haro. bet. Twenty-second nnd Tvrenty-thlrd.
IlEAL ESTATE COCXTKY For Sale
FOR~SALE NEAR~iAN~FRANClicO^^
Small tracts. $C0 to $30 per acr^ en Ranch*
Cctatl. Eunoma Co.; future value assured, aa
Ean Francisco Is pro wing rapidly; location
bett for poultry and frenere.1 farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California at., for
pamphlets and infurmst!on.
?45OO — 145 ACRES; well Improved ; near city;
en honest ranch for honest value. WOOS-
TER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY. C34
Market St.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to Bell; right locality: big money; easy
layments. HEALT & CARR. 6 Eddy St.
t*«nta Clara Valley. Ean Sort and l'enln*ular
Vropmlen. tee WOOSTER. WHITTON St
VONTOOMFRT. CU Market. B. F.. & San J.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY llEAI '_ ESTATlT: v
NEW S-room cottace; bath, mantel, basement;
sewered: corner lot, 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700 — f50<t canh. balance monthly: 4-room
oottaue. bath: street work done; city water;
sewered; lot :•¦'>.:"¦<¦; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.
$1TM) — $"0 cash, balance flat loftti. Pacific
Home Building Company. Nevada block.
Kan Francisco. , . >
Mt'FT be Kold; new S-room hlph basement ool-
tnpc; brick foundstinn. china closet, etc:
on main Ftreet: only 4 minute*' walk to sta-
tion; 1 block from electric car?; price $14'Ki;
very easy terms. HOME REALTY CO.,
Lorin nation. Berkeley. : ,.
SEND for •¦Hernes." etc. WM. P. TODD,
li'7O Broad wrv. Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
t=t.. Ean Kr&ncisco.
COTTAGE of 7 mcrnit and bath: hich hase-
mrr.t: rc?y pa?ment3. MTRDOCK. 514 Plr.e.
FRU1TVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FltFITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled cppcrtunlty; 200xl."0 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins et. ; 2 blocks from
V. street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 itoms; stable, chicken-house, piir-
*cn cote, etc.; ornamental grounds: fruit
crefcari; DO minutes from Oakland cr 1 hour
frrm S. F. ; rent J:» a rncr.th: price $4000.
Arply J- R. FREUD. Mills fcu'.Iiir.g. cr H.
A. PLKITNKR. Frultvale StatI«J
—
FOR sale — Lot near electric road: poor owner |
desires coin, hardup. Box .'iSOO, Call.
OAKLAND A"VERT1SEMENTS.
CFF1CE— HI3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD ItEAt, ESTATE.
$6r>fifl — IN the heart of town, east of Broad-
way, one b'.cck from 14th-et. depot; sunr.y
corner, Wxliu; house of 7 rooms, 2 bay-win-
dows; within 2 blocks of property selling for j
»500 i-cr iront foot; model location for flats
or fcr a doctor's residence: see this at once;
a b!s barpain. GEO. \V. AUSTIN. 400 Tenth
st., r.»ar Uroadway.
A COZY little home sacrificed; 5 rooms; hot
and cold water; hirh basement; all In fine !
condition; tunr.y frontage; street work all I
done; price only SHiC'i; walking distance o? I
downtown; must be 6old. Address "Owner,"
box 237S, Call office. Oakland.
EL'.VD fcr "Homes." etc. WM- P. TODD.
3070 Eros Sway. Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
Et_ S?.n Francisco. - '
<).uvL J v\D_FtTL^i T £5 E _ ;^95_ s *b£:
rfUXITUUE good and cheap this month. H.
SrhELLHAAS. 4"s Klc-venth «-t- Oakland.
UOO3IS KCtt IIOISEKEEPING.
AlUKL nnd'SOLAl'. flats, . r^'» and .%3i Turn St.;
f.rst cl3.'5; new l.'.dc: houstkeeplns rultes.
CAPP, 5:>S — Parlor f.oar cf 3 unfurnished
i-«orr.E for light housikeeping. ,.- '-
CLAT, 1523 — One cr three unfurnished rooms.
FOLSOM. £10 — NVw fur.ny front and back par-
lor. unfurnished; kitchen with ran^e; $12.
GOLDEN" GATE ave.. 425-4^7— New house. \
jut-t lir.:?hed l.'.th of this month; modern im- !
provemer.tr.; c-lectrie light, hot and cold wa-
ter in every room; price reasonable.
OOLTJEX GATE ave., 1200— Sunny unfurnished
apartments; :;l:<o t ingle furnished room.
HAIGHT. CIO — 2 or 3 t-unny furnished rooms
for lijrht hcufcktcplng; reasonable. :
HOV.'AIlIi. Z>.V1 — A lumlshed front sunny bay-
• »*in«low rocm, with uss of kitchen.
HOWARD. ICO— 2 tunny connecting front bav- j
window rccrr.s; also single hkpg. rra; range. |
HTDE. 4OS — Sunny front basement ruite, yard;
lc.uncir>'; sas etove; $1S; basement euite. $14^
MCALLISTER. 1 042 — Large tunny front room;
kit< hen. bath end cas; for lioure!:eepir.g.
OCTAVIA. 14U.1. corner G<ary — Sunny front
i parlor; ea£ ttove; with kitchen; large closet.
"CFARTIELL. 131.'— Unfurn'shea lower floor. 3
rooms, yard, laundry, ?1j; phone Scott S5S.
SOITTH I'ARIC. ir,a— C{ furni*h;»d rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping. ¦
TH1KTEENTH. Ita — Fine suite of rooms;
eo:r.p!ete for houtekeeplns: no <hlldr?n.
CLASSIFIED edverti^errents and KUbscrlptlona
received at Call brn.jjcli ofttce. 2200 Fillmcre.
A BOAICCH office lor Call udverti»emejta nnd
mbscriptior.ii baa been established at lo"J0
Valencia. r\.
nOOSIS TO LET — Furn. nnd Uafiirn.
XrG~VLE Hotel. 2:; I McAllister— New, eiefrant,
sunny: 7r>e day upward: rates by week or
month: McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grlil roosi In California attached.
__^.— .^— — .^_—
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth— Rooms.
25c to ?1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
LM?r£XF:TT, U2U Market (old No. 1.164) — Fur-
rjlsbtd rms.. KuiteK, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 ElMs. cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. •
EDDY, 230 — 2 elegant back parlors; light
housekeeping; also sunny front single.
ELLIS. U21 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
3."jc. $1 r.0 r.lght; $1 50. !?0 wk. ; open all night.
FELL, 4'JS — Furnished room in private family;
tonne reasonable.
FL'LTOX. 43GB — Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms, suitable for gentleman. i
FURNISHED back parlor for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
hot and cold water; bath. Box 3713. Call.
UEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed tsultet- and single ; travelers accommedated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family houee; those requiring a quiet, orderly
bozae at moderate charges;sult,6ingle;elevat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|^- STOMACH A
To strengthen your stormch it is
impossible tD tind. a better medi-
cine ihan the Bitters. It makes th?
digestion normal, builds nerve tis-
tue- and tones up the entire svs-
tem. Try it lor Be'ching; Ftatulency,
Dyspepsia and Insomnia.
SUMMER RESORTS.
BAY STATE MOUSE.
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.— MARCH 1 MRS. LYA
DIA MATHISON will open the Bay State
House and Cottajre.3 for the season, nowly fur-
nished and refitted. Those who know the lady's
wide reputation for, good cooking "Will readily
understand that . the - table will be the chief
feature of the menage. of- the Bay State. The
housp is beautifully situated, on Beach Hill,
close to tho bathing beach. An attractive home
for either the • sumnjer ¦ or winter at moderate
. rates. . Open . the year round. ' For torms ad-
dress : . MRS. LYDIA MATHISON. Bay State
House • and Cottages, . Santa- Cruz/. Cal,
* ¦ ¦ . - -
ADVEBTISEMENTa
JBraCArtTlliito
¦GgMPy Ptu* li^fl 9 3
Positively cured by theso
Littlo Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys«
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Doss.
¦-? »•-. Small Price.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !*»*«• nnri nr* <Im» (a urrl t • 111
MAN Vlt*N«:iM«!O.
(M»lii Line. Foot of Market Street)
tSATB — From FEBittJARY 9. 1901 — AKRTT*
TiOOa BoutcU, HuUun, Klmira and Saera-
lurnm. fl:3T«
"iOOa Vacmillo. Wlctert, Rumtej 7:39}
'. lUU A Marline/. 4>iu lUimiu. V»llejo. N»pa,
UallntPgitamlMaiitk Kom Hi33»
«:«<>* lM»i.i, Woodland, Kniguts Lkuding,
Miiry«»llle, nniflllf 7:S-1»
SiOO* AMaiitU: Kiiiren*— Ogilon *ud Kaal *:*3a
»i»i>* Xilw, L»throji, Stockton ":24r
tUOOtNlles, Mendota, lUnford. V'lalla,
rorrjrtillr „.. 4»33»
>8:3<*A Slmtt* Kxpr-<is-I>a¥l.i, Williamifior
l.-iirtli-tt .Sprlngi). Willows, Red
Bluff, rorli-imt 7iS3»
¦iltltA Hun Juib, LlTormore, .Stuck ton,
Idi.e. Hacranifiito, PUcrrvllle,
M»ry«»11l.-. l.'l.ic,. Kml ItliilT 4sS.1»
»«:i«A Onkilnii-. Chinew.Simnra. Tuolnmne 4:33»
1»:0<»a Haywaul, Ni!m »ml Way Station*.. I I:M*
9:«<U Vallejo l*l1Zf
U:UDa Lou Anss'.ea Exnreu— Ulartlnax,
Tracy, Lutlirnp. Htnckton, Me red
Vrwuo ami Loa AoRelea ?i33%
tt>:t«»* Vi«||,.j,.. Martliim ami Wny Station* ?i.13»
lOiUiu Tim Overland Limliml — Ogdan, l-'eu.
Ter, Omaha. Chicago Ili33»
fli«»«r HF»crmnonto i:if«rSi.«iim«r» |lllOU»
Bi«M»r Iteulcia. Winter*. Hacrainenlo,
Womllaml. KnixliU handing.
Mnrynfillo, Orovllla lft:3.1*
•>8»f Hayvraril. Nlletand Way Button*.. 7i33»
4t«M»r MmLhiMZ. Hhii IUiiioii. Valinju,
N»im, r*1lHtuKu. .S»nta Item* »>3A*
4tOt»r Nile'. Utermore. Stockton. LihII... t'*-**t
4i:t»r Haytrarrf. Nile*, Naiv.l.no, Llvrnnore t"» i!i3 *
4il<»r The. Onl Limited *- Fieimo, Tul»r«,
]Uker»fl'»l.l. Hangn* for Ha.ita U.w-
bnra, l.na AiiKulrn Nin.1%
Biiior Port Costa. Tracy, l.nthrrn, Stockton I tM33 a
am»r Mart'ti'*. Antiocb. Otockton. Sler-
eo'l. Vrunnci iat3.1»
«<«•«(• iwrwuil. NIUaamlHau Joas ?i'Vt«
t«i«oi- Vnllnji llrj.k%
» «iin»i- orimiml Mall— Og<i«n, Denrer,
Omaha. Hi LowlM'liloigrt «i*3»
liOOr Orngoii anil Oallfurula Ki|>r«M,Haa*
• ritiiiimtii, M»ry«»lll«i. Ui-.l.llini.
r.iltliui.l. fimnt Hltlll.ll Mild Eait f .35*
¦inn r Ban Pablo, r.r» (,'oala. MarUnea
and Way Htallotia « lliSS*
t IWiOar Vall»-}«» 7i»»»
COAST IjINK {^«rroi» <lu» K »).
~ (fuotumnrkMtStrftiit.)
1 HilflA Nnt?ark.('niitar«l:ln,Naii.l<i*o, Kcltoii,
lioii!(1«rC'ri'ek.HaiilaCiu>anitVVay
. * Station* »:»•»
i |lil5t Nnnark, O«nt«r*III». Hail .fn*e, N»w
Ali. m. I..... HVIti.ii. lloitlitnr Ormk,
Hiint.% C<iw ami lihiclp*! Way
BtAtlntu loinn*
4it.lr N«ir»rk. N«u ,lo*», I.n«n»loi |9:S»*
c9.au? Hunteri' Train -San Jcie and Way
Btatlonn t7.*«t
\ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom S1& FRASCfsCO— Fook ul Harkat Stratt (Slip 8>—
I<:I5 U.OU II Oil*. M. 1:C3 3:09 B.lB'.M.
fMiiOaUHD-raiU'ttMiaw.;.— 1«:00 {d;00 13:0*"
lo.i'ot.M. ig:oa a.ca tcai-.u.
COAST I>INK lllroa.1 «n»K(i).
(Ihlr.l nml TownaaiMl Sta.)
«:¦<»» Sau Jcneaml H'ay Mtatious.......... «>4«a.
?:«Oa, »<u, Jo.o »i«1 W»| HUUkiii. tSlOtt*
/7i««A New A!n«i!on. ,. / -tit Or
MiUOa Coast Lltie Limited — Fan .Tone, -,>
(Jilr-T. Saliua*. Bar. Lnla ObUpo,
Banta, liarbar*. Lox Ancttlti &nd
rrincipal fntermediate stution*.... I0i*5r
> OiOOa M»ii .!<>««. Tied 1'ition. HwiU I'rur,
Paeltic «Jni»«. Haiinaa. Ban Lcls
Cbiapo ami Principal lutermedUt«
HtKtrr.ua «tto*
lni:io* San Joae and Way Statlona Bias*
I I::i»a San .Fiwh itml Wny SUtioi.'* ttslSa
f3-.l5p flan AUtt-o, Uedw(io<l. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HanU Clara. Hail . liwe.
Trea Ptooa. Hanta Crux, Sallnaa,
MiHitoteyaiHt l'»cillo (iroTo flltslSk
Si3O r Man JflaeaiKt Way Htatinna. l>Kup
«4>l»p Sa».IoaaKml I'Tincipal Way Statlona S<3OB>
«»-»Ur Sunset IJmlted— Mondays, Wednn-
days, Friday, for Lo« Angelea. El
Paso. New Orleans and New York.
.Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lOilS*
tStOSrSan Joatt. Jam Gate* *ud Principal
WayStotlona f»»OOa
5i3Up 3an.]o«e ami Principal Way Station* •:3Wp
B::««»r HunJniu-MKl Way stations ?t3»r
"SiOOr New Oileasa Kzprera — Ban tut*
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Loa An-
geles. Dming. £1 Paso, N«w Or-
leans and East IIsMa.
iltQp San Jo»n mid Way atationn 7U»1
A for 11 oniinj. P for Afternoon.
tftun.Uy rxs<>ptaX } SantUy only.
A3* -urday only. / Tucadajs and Friday*^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES \
SAN FRANCiSGO AM NGRTH PACIFIC
• RAILWAY COMPANY. .'Jl
Tiburon Ferry, Foot 'of Market St.
: ¦• ¦ San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays — Extrv
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and ll:3O p. m.
SUNDAYS — 3:00. 8:30. ll:0O aw m.; X:30i S-.CO.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San kafnel to Pan Francisco.
I WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 0:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:-«>, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Sxtr.1
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 0:40. 11:10 a. m.; l:40» 3:10.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I la Effect I Arrlw
San Francisco. |Apr. 23. 1901| San Francisco^
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Daya. | days. | Destination! day*. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. |10 :40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. f 6:05pm 10:23an»
8:10pm 5:0«>pm Santa Rosa. I 7:35pm 6:20pm
~ Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:23arii
6:00pm Ilealdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservlllei
S :30pm 8:00am Cioverdale, 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:U0pn»
7:30am 10:40am|10:25at»
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm S :00pm | 6:20pci
T:30am 8:C0am Sonoma 0:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm B :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8:00am| 110:40am) 10 :25ar*
3 :30pm I B :00pm 1 Bebastopol. [ 7 :35pm | « :20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rona for Mark Went
Sprlnga and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; »».
Geyservllle for Skagjrs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan.
Springs, Highland Sprlnps. Kelseyvllle, CarUt-
bad Sprtnjcs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlo-.t
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Luko. WUt.-r
Snrlngs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Vallev,
John Day**. Riverside. LJerley*a. Bu;kneU'4.
Sanhedrin Height*. Hullvllle.Orr'B Ho»3prln ff »,
Mendoclno City. Port Brass. Westpart, U«al.
Wtlllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins, Bell's Sprlnj*.
Harris Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eurika.
Saturday to Monday round-trio tickets at r«-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
bU H?cfwHrTlNO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
_
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Kerry Arrive
San Fran. ' Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- Sun- WetF
2HL da > 3 - .t a. "T M «a .f tar i^li
9-SO a. 8:00a. „,,- Mturatof w,,,, M j*> '-W> '• Wa A.
1:45 P. 10:00 a. JlwiiS-w-U 3:0 ° p - 3:4 ° p -
•US p. 11:30a. 11;^^Iit 4:25 r - 5:55 *'
| 1:15 P.r"* T " I5i55 p.
Ian. &u PrMKte* M Swratt nil Krtvn. tlM.
TbkotOOcM, Ul m«r<;e7 STUXT ad &1CSAUXQ 7XXKX
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensarj,
629 EEAKSYST. Kstabllshed
In 133-4 for the treatment <>' i'rlvnta
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
(llwas* wearing on body anil mind ft ij
•Skin Di.ieiiscs.Tbe Doctor cnre« when
others fall. Try him. I'harges low.
<ur<-«sanranlerd. Cull or writ*
. Or. a. *•? tilBSOJI, Uau frandsco. Cai.
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a
sallow skin. v •
HAH. WAY TKAVE..
Sgnta Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
1 j Local Lim'd lOvrl'd Local
Dally Dally | Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a i>:00 a S:OO p 4:20p
Ar. Stockton. 1O:1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p.
'• Merced... 12 :23 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 9
"Fresno... ::u5p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
'" Hanford..[ 3:12p] 3:27p 8:05a
" Vlsalia... 3:30 p! B:00a
" Bakersfld] 0:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a
" Kan. Cityl 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago..! 2:15p »:0Op|
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
lucal tlrst-class passengers.. No second-
class tickets aro honored on this train. Cor-
luspondlng train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and tfr-pno
local. ' Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
J f, in, Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cara to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:0O p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m.- dally. ¦
Offices — C*l Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.,
Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
-. Via Sausallta Ferry
Commencing September 20, 1001.
FROM SAN FUANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DATJS— e:&5. 8:30, "V^W. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 8:15. 4:15, 5:15. •6:15. U:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Szm
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at l>:S0 and 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. •10:00.-»ll:30 a. tn.. «1:15.
3:15 »4:45. 6:30. »:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TOYSAN FKANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25, 0:27. 7:45, 3:33. 10.13
am. '12:25. 2:15. '3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. 'm.
'EXTP.A TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 9:55 p. m.
gUNDAY&UilB,^S:CO. n0:00. -ffi« a. »..
•1:40*3:15. 4:45. *t5:J0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FUANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS— 5 :4S. 0:45 7:55. S:55. 10:3(1
a rr 12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 p. ra.
'EXTRA TRIPS -on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12.03. 2:13.
2-30 D - 00. C:45 p. m.
•"**' ' THROUGH TRAINS.
0:55 a. 0. week days— Cazadero and way
*:1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan AIMa and way
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
¦¦¦ Lesjal I. r JWay- boats and trains will .ruu on
Sunday time.
ggOMS TO I.KT—lfnrn. nn.l Unfnrn.
GRANT, 2ir.-Xrw bachelor npHrtmcnts; fur.
-_ or un '"r. i suitable physician or dentist; rets.
OBARY, 483— First floor, several rooms sult-
«ble for medical man; also single rooms nnd
suite for housekeeping; further, basement
floor with kitchen; all well furnished; gas,
bath, phone.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Hnndsome uultes;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. CC7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, (1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
TOST, 8.15 — Large sunny room; bath, gas,
closet; gents only.
POWELL, 131— Front room to let near Bald-
win lot.
POWELL. 2115, near Francisco— One furnished
single room; $1 a month. Apply second floor.
ROYAL Houfc. 120 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to f8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
bacramento" 25ii~EioganUy fumuhed
_ front and back parlors; terms reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2.8 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121. near Sixteenth— Sunny fur-
nished front room. $3 50 per month.
BTEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. \^\yU
SUTTER. 309 — Nice front room for two gentle-
men; low rates; single rooms also.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubecrlptlons has been established at 10D0 Va-
lencia «t. • t.y.-;
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk— Surny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
first-clan board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CROCKER. The. 015 Leavenwotth — Sunny
rms.; sin, and suites; ground and tennis crt.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class hotel; fur.
suites or single; board optional: steam heat.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Steven*on Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA, 015 Taylor- — Sunny front and back
ruitee^ excellent board: terms reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 2520, nr. Broadway — Sunny rooms;
Ist-class prlv. family; board; mod. app'tm'ts.
Sl'NNY rooms, running water, grate; ccuple
' $45, single $20. 915 Van Ness.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, yincle rooms: firgt-clasa table board.
JOHNSON. The. C05 O'Farrell— Nice home;
geed table: spacious prounds: rates moderate.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 220O Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, roomi 9-10; tel. Who.
TYI'EWIUTRIIS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines fcr less money than any
house In the city; rentals $.1. The Typewriter
Exchange. 63U California; telephone Mnln 2(5«.
WHBSTKR Typewriter Inspection <"o. — Expert
typewriter doctors; eMImat" free. 2i»Sani'ome.
DIVIDEND NOTICE^
OFFICE of the Contra Cofta Water 'caj'rooni
in, second floor. Mills building. San Fran-
cisco. March 4. 1902. Dividend No. 188 of
42 cents oer share on tho capital stock of
the Contra Crsta Water Co. will be payable
nt the office of said company, room 10, sec-
ond floor, MI113 building, on March 15, 1002.
Transfer books will close on March 10, 1002,
at 3 p. ip.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Ccm-
pany. Con. ; a dividend. No. 30, of eeventy-
rive cents (75c) per rhare on ths issued capi-
tal Ftock of the company has been declared
pnyshle at the office of the company,. r;«3ms
2t>X 204, 200, Hayward building San Fran-
cisco, on March 10, 1902. Transfer b.toks
elope March 3. 1902, at noon. J. R. LEAV-
KLL. Pocretai-y. ?
PROPOSALS. '
NOTICE TO CO^lJiXijUXJKS^OmcT^rThe.
Veterans' Home of California, room 13. 320
Eansome st.. San Francisco. Cal. — Under and
in pursuance to an act «-ntitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville. Napa County, Cal.." and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
SG, 1001. Statutes 1&01. page S23). and In
accordance with the resolution 1 of the board
cf directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 11)01. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Koma of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises for
realed proposal* for furnishing the materials
.end perforrcinc tne labor for the erection
end construction of sa.d hospital building, at
the taid Veterans' Home at Yountville, Napa
County, In accordance with the plans, de.
scriptions. bills and epeclCcations. prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnil, archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon sach
rcaled proposals will be let. made and en-
tered into: raid plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be seen and examined be-
tween the hour? of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
m. of each and .every business day. from
the date hereof to the date of eatd contract
or coiiiracti. at the office of the said di-
rectors of laid Veterans' Home, room 13.
820 Eansome. st.. Ean Francisco. Cal.
Separate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered Into as herein
tbove set forth, for each of thft following
parts of eald building, erection or structure.
Including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled. "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of trie State in relation to erection
of "buildincs" (approved March 2S. 187tt,
Statutes 1875-6. page 427). and the acts
emendatory thereof, that Is to say lor tha
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work, including all
brick, ctone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and slazing work.-
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the. heatingr worit.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
elating work, and
! Flxth. fcr the painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plan?, descrip-
tion?, bills and specifications, including ths
farnishJnjr cf materials and the necessary
labcr therefor. .
The work is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf of its said board of
1 directors.
A eeparate contract will be let for a« many
illTerent kind" nt work as are herelnabove
specif en. No bid op proposal will be received
cr oonslrtcred snlfM accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of faid Proposer or bid-
der, fnual to 10 per cent of his proposal or
»,!(!. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If r»M proposal cr bid yhall be accepted the
i party proposins or bidding trill duly enter
Jrto'o. proper contract and faithfully perform
h!s or their contract or contracts. In aecord-
; pnee with Fall* nropcFal or bid. and the plan*.
; de«criptlrw<». bills and fpeelfleatlon*. which
!¦•¦»> hereby made 'a Part of this notice aud
cf «tnv contract to be let hereafter.
Paid pealed blo> or proposals mj«t be de-
liver*"! to the raid dlrer'or* cf the Veterans'
Hcnw of California, cr r the secretary there-
cf. at the eflice of laV. director*, room* 13.
r?0 FnnFome et. In the city and county of
Fon Frnnciseo. Pt.it* of California, on or
before the hmir if 1 :30 p. m. of the twenty-
*econd day of Karch. 1902. which U hereby
c>f<cr.at«>d as the time and place where the
raid r.eaie<1 bid" " proposals will bn opened
hy the i?atd directors of the raid Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made.
If !n th* opinion of said board of dlrectori
cf the raW Veterans* Home the acceptance
of ihe lowest of Eald sealed bids or proposals
»r.all not he fcr the befit Interests of the
Ftate. raid beard of directors h«>rpbv reserves
the right to accept any- of caid bids or pro-
posals opened an In their "pinion may be for
the be*t Interests of the State, under and In
eTordnnce with and as provided by the terms
of faction 4 of the Mid act entitled. "An
r.(.t to reflate contract* on behnlf of the
Ftste In relation tn erection and buildinjra"
• approved March 2.1. 187<V Statutes 1875-0.
pare 427). or to reject any or al! of said
eenled hld« or nrocosals. .
F«r further Information and particulars
hiddintr contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the toard of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at th» office of said board
cf directors, rs >iercinahove set forth.
By order of the board of director* of ths
Veterans' Home of California.
J. J. KCO VILLE. Secretary.
r>«t«<1 Fthitury 10. 1902.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Charles B. Sylvester, 37, 334 Golden' Gate
avenue, and Emma Samuel, 33, 1102 Golden
Gate avenue.
Henry S. Henry. 34, 1427 Laguna street, and
Bella Levy. 18, 2002 Tine street.
William D. McGrath. 21, 1S33 Stockton
etreet, and Lizzie Ludwig, 21, 315 Twenty-
eighth street.
Oscar J. Hoetzel, 30, Cioverdale, and Maria
G. Marlowe. 34, Cioverdale.
Maurice Geertz, 20, 027 Alabama street, and
Bertha E. Hester. 18, COS Stanyan street.
Edward Laymet, 27, 756 Folsom etreet, and
Katie Batterton. 22, • (525 Ivy avenue.
Edward W. Tillson. 21, 1)04 Van Ness ave-
nue, and Gladys R. Byrne, 18, 702 McAllister.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notice* tent by
mall v. ill not be Inserted. They must be handed
In nt either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
funs authorized to have tho same published.
BORN.
ISAACS— In this city, Mqr,ch 2, 1002, to tin
wife of Joseph Isaacs, a. son.
_____
Anderson, Laura A. Madson, Ole
Bent. Ellen Marlln. Mra. Nellie
Brcwn. McKenzle Miller. Peter
Conway, Bernard Moran, John J.
Edwards, Nellie W. Murphy, William
Farley, Elmer A. Nielsen. Rasmus B.
.Hansen, Marv K. O'Reilly, Bridget
Hlnshaw, Joseph T. Powers, Helen
Holland. John M. Redmond. Wm. E.
Hunt. Kate. , Samuel, Grace K.
Hutton, John , Shcohnn, John
Kohlmoos. Cora D. Walker. H. W. „.
Lagan, Margaret Warner, Elsie L.
McGregor. Jes.sle Wlffler. Mary A.
ANDERSON— In this city, March 5, 1002,
Laura. A. Anderson (ne« I^udemann), young-
est and dearly bc-loved daughter of Henry
and Helene Ludemann, and beloved sister of
Mrs. W. S. Halverson and Henry Ludemann
Jr., a native of Germany, aged 24 years 0
months and 28 daya.
TE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2i!S Duncan street, between
Dolores and Church, Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth. Interment Cyprpia Lawn
Cemetery.
BKNT— In Alameda, March 3. 1002. Ellen
Bent, beloved wife of the late H. A. Bent, a
i native of Ireland, aged SO years 10 months
i and 13 days.
BROWN— In this city. March 0, 1902, Mc-
Kenzie, beloved husband of Julia Brown,
and father of Mellanee Brown, a native of.
Washington, D. C, ag,ed 45 years.
CONWAY— In this city, March 4. 1902, Ber-
nard Conway. beloved father of Mrs. Philip
11. Lacy, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvov & Co.. 12.5H Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mans
will lie celebrated for the repese of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
EDWARDS— In this city. March 4, 1002, Nel-
lie W. Edwards, beloved mother of Eugene
II., M. Etbel and A.del Edwards, and sister
of Samuel C. Hammond and Mrs, W. R.
Sumnierhayes, a native of Providence, R. I.",
aged 45 years 3 months and 10 days.
t~y Friends p.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, March 0, 1902, at l:30«o*clock, at
the Trinity M. E. Church. Sixteenth and
Market <tr=ets. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by carriages.
FARLEY — In this city, March 6, 1902, Elmer
A., beloved son of John and Frances Farley,
and brother or Frank. Mabel and Frances
Farley, a native of San Francleco aged 0
years 8 months and 23 days.
HANSEN— In this city. March 4, 1002. Mary
E.. wife of John Hansen. mother of John
Theodore Hansen, sister of Mrs. Charles
Mell and Thomas and Frank McLaughlin,
and stepsister of Edward Brennan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years 7
months and IS days.
EC?" The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
IHNSHAW— Near Ouadalupe, March — , 1002,
Joseph T., beloved husband of Edith llln-
&haw. a native of Indiana, acred 2<J years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at Cypress Lawn Cemetery, on
the arrival of 11:30 o'clock train.
HOLLAND— In this city, March 4. 1002., John
M.. beloved husband of Eliza M. Holland,
and father of Caroline and Charles Holland
and Mrs. W. R. Kay, a nutlvc of Ireland,
aged (17 years 10 months and 18 days.
EyStTVlces will be hold to-day (Thursday),
nt 3 o'clock, at tho residence of his daugh-
ter, Mrs. W. It. Kay, 1227 York street.
HUNT — In East Oakland, at 1705 Twenty-
tlrst avenue. March 5, 11HI2, Kate, wife of
Joseph Hunt, u native of Australia, aged r.s
years and^. 0 months.
HUTTON— In Alameda, March 4, 1002. John
Hutton, beloved husband of the late Han-
nah K. Hutton, and father of Hattle B.,
Samuel J. Hutton of Port Costa, Mrs. E. W.
Luhr, Mrs. M. P. Forbes and Mrs. Julius
Tanniere, a native of St. Stephens, N. B.,
cged 70 years 3 months and U days.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
March 7, 1002, at 1 o'clock, from Druids'
Hall. 413 Sutter street, San Francisco. Fu-
neral under the auspices of Hesperian Grove
Lodge No. 13. U. A. O. D. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KOHLMOOS — In this city. March 5, 1002. Cora
Doretta, beloved daughter of Fred and Cora
Kohlmoos, and ereat-granddaughter of Mrs.
S. S. Gordon of San Jose, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 11 months and 3
days.
LAGAN — A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Margaret Lacan to-morrow (Friday), at Sa-
cred Heart Church, corner Fillmore and Fell
streets, commencing at 9 o'clock.
McGREGOR— In tMs city, March 5, 1002, Jes-
sie, beloved daughter of William and Jessio
McGregor, and sister of John Ingram, Helen
Steward, Daniel. William and Robert O. Mc-
Gregor, a native of Scotland, aged IS years.
MADSOX — In this city. March 5, 1902. Ole |
Madson, beloved brother of Mrs. Louis F.
Johnson, a native of Norway, aged 46 years
10 months and 27 days.
(E?"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co., l'JOO Mission street, between |
Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
ilARLIX — In" this city, March 5. 1902. Mm. j
Nellie Marlln. beloved wife of Brady and
mother of Walter and Edna Marlln, daughter ;
of th» late Stephen Ford and Mary Ford, and
¦liter of John, Maggie, Walter and May '
Ford, a native of Greencastle, Ind., aged 31
years 0 months and 3 days. . (Oakland pa-
pers please copy.)
IT^Xotice of funeral hereafter.
MILLER — In this city. March 4, 1002. Peter
beloved husband of Elizabeth Ltllie Miller,
and stepfather of Mrs. J. Alfred Gray and
O. Lockhart Gibs' n, a native of Alexandria,
Scotland, aged tfT years 2 months and 13
days.
S^'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 26CG Mission
Rtrcet, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Twenty-Lhird and Guerrero streets.
MORAX — In this city, March 5, 1902. John J.,
beloved son of Walter and Kate Moran, and
brother of Patrick. Walter, Michael and
Mary Moran, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 1 month and 13 days.
MURPHY— In Vallejo, March 4, 1902, Wil-
liam, beloved son of the late Francis and
Elizabeth Murphy, and brother of Frank, I
Bell, Lizzie and Annie Murphy, Mrs. H !
Spellman, Mrs. J. H. Keliy and the late
James and Ri/bert Muroliy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2i years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday),' at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
NIELSEN — In Lorin. Berkeley, March 3. 1902,
Rasmus B., beloved husband of \ Fannie M.
Nielsen, and father of Harold, Earl and
Alice Nitlsen,' a native of Bergen, Norway,
aged 40 years 1 month and 13 days. A
member of Oakland Camp No. 94, Woodmen
of the World, and Scandinavian Society o:'
San Francisco.
(E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thurf-day), at 1. o'clock, from 'tha parlois
of the California Undertaking' Company, 405
Powell straet, near Post. Interment Laurel
HIU Cemetery.
O'REILLY— In this city, March 5, 1902. Brid-
get O'Reilly, beloved wife of the late Pat-
rick O'Reilly, mother of Nicholas, Hanry and
Mary O'Reilly, and sister of Mrs. Lizzie
Clark, a native of County Westmeath, Ire-
land, aged 54 years it months and 5 days.
tt^"FrIend;» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
March 7, 1002. at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 12U2 Church street, near Twenty.
fifth, thence to St. Paul's Church, corner
Tv/enty-ninth and Church streets, where a
eolemn requiem nigh mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Msr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERS.
£0 Fifth «t/. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
CFFICL 1>1O MARKET «TREET.
Telephone Bush 3C7.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
1 Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'- Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years: P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CHA'S.-'H.-J. TRUMAN- &''C€>;.'
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
Now Occupy Their Own Bui ding, ¦
1009 Mission street, between 15th and ICth.
Telephone Mission 109.; •
REMOVED! '
VlcGINN BKOS..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 ami 220 McAllister st.' (For-,
merly of 31 F.ddy Ft. Tel. South 252.) -- '
POWERS— In (hl» city, March 4, 11)02, Helen,
VJn'liivi'il wife of John 1'owitb, and sinter ot
the late Manmret Hpnrrow, a. nntlve of tho
pariah of Newtown llarry, County Wexford,
Jri'liuiil. nerd XT, ypnro.
JC Friends and ncqunlntanccK nr« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TlniiBluy,
at 0:30 o'clock, from her late resident 1 *, 40
: Clementina etreet, thenco . to Bt. lirendan'B
Churrh, • where a solemn reaulcm high matw
Will be celebrated for tho repose of her bouI,
commencing nt 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '
REDMOND— In Doston, Mass., February 22,
ll»02, Wllllnm Emerson Iledmond, a native of
Belfast, Ireland, aged tit) yearn.
ICTThe fun«ral will take place Friday, at
2 o'clock, from Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter street.
Please omit flowers. • . #<s
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B.
¦ P. O. E., are requested to attend the funeral
pf the late William Emerson Redmond from
the lodgerooms on Friday, Macch 7, at 2
o'clock. THOMAS F. DUNNE,
. . Exalted Ruler. ,
SHEEHAN— In this city. March 3. 1H02, John
Sheehan, beloved husband of Lizzie Sheehan,
father of Mrs. Kittle F. Sullivan, Mrs. Liz-
ale Cody and John and Willie Sheehan, and
brother of Maurice, Frank, James, Mrs.
Oardiner and 'the late Ellen Farrell, aged
C5 years.
JE7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
March 6, 1002, at 0:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, l!28 East Fourteenth street, Oak-
land, thence to St. Anthony's Church, wheris
a solemn requiem high mass will bo cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing tit 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
SAMUEL— In this city, March 5, 1002. Grace
Knapp, beloved wife of George W. Samuel,
mother of Mabel Samuel, and sister of Mrs.
Mary H. Coats and Frank K. and William
\T>. Howard, a native of Dayton, Tamhlll
County, Oregon, aged 20 years 0 months and
3 dayH. (Santa Cruz. Cal., and Roseburg,
Or., papers please copy.) •
C>Remalns at the parlors of 'the United
Undertakers, 27 and iO Fifth street.
WALKER— In this city. March 4, 1002, H. W.-
Walker, a native of New York, aged 84
' years. . .
WARNER— In this city. March. 4, 1002. Elsie
Louise, beloved daughter of Joseph C. and
Murtle Warner, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 5 months.
WIFFLER— In this city, March 5, 1002, Mary
A. Wlffler, a native of Trllllc, County Ty-
rone, Ireland, aged 38 years.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clatlon — The monthly requiem high nmss for
tha deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association, and for parents
and relatives of living members, will be sung
In Ft. Dominic's Church Thursday, March <i,
at 0 o'clock. ,
Florist Co.
artistic Floral designs
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWEtL ST.nearELL.IS SSSg 5056Bekins Van and Storage Co. will move
your goods and (store them.- Phone Main 18i9. *
FLOUItlPHED A REVOLVER. — Aionzo
Pmis)!. a colored teamfter, was convicted by
Judjre llofjan yesterday on a chanre of ex
hibiting a fieadly weepon In a threatening
manner. On the ' night of February ' 22 • he
flourieped a revolver in tbe presence of J. H
Itob'.nson of 013 Sacramento street. He will
be Fentenced to-day.
* At NeiU vs. Harry Foley. Jimmy Britt' vs.'
Billy Leonard, Andy Gallagher, vs. Alex Greg;
eains, Ed Hanlon vs. Toby Irwin, Ted Wolfi
vs. Jack Dean, Kid McFadden vs. Robbie
Johnson, Thomas Gilfeather vs. - s Joe Hill,
Frankie-Nell vs. Jockey Bozeman, Joe Fields
vs. Paul Martin, George Curren' vs. Bob Mar
tin, Ed ¦¦ Martin vs. Eddie .Flynn, William
Snailham vs. Tom Snailhara, William -Wilson.'
Matt Keefe; Don Kemoe, Harry Maynard,
James Walsh, Kelly and Marlow and Jack
Holland. -
Air the well-known boxers in and about
this city will appear to-night at Me
chanics' Pavilion Annex. The occasion
will be a benefit for the Union Labor can
didates who are contesting the recent
election. The affair is under, the auspices
of the Bav City Athletic, Club. The ad
mission isKfixed at 50 cents. Among those
who will take part are: •¦ .
Many Boxers at a Benefit.
Some fourteen hundred people called for
cards of admission at their music store
for last Saturday's entertainment, but be
cause of the storm but about five hundred
attended. An excellent programme Is in
variably arranged, and those having th«»
recitals in hand evidently know how to
give our music-loving public an entertain
ment -befitting the dignity of the house
of Sherman. .Clay & Co.. and the won
derful possibilities of the "Angelus" Piano
Flayer." ¦'¦
This house has In Mr. Van Yorx the
performer, one who Is fruly -artistic and
possessed of a musical temperament
which evinces itself in every rendition of
whatsoever nature, and the audienca
shows due appreciation.
Sherman. Clay & Co. usually announce
their programme in the newspaper amuse
ment column. •
Another of Sherman. Clay & Co.'s de
lightful "Angelus" piano recitals will be
given at their hall. 233 Sutter street, Sat
urday, at 3 p.m.
Piano Recital Saturday Next.
The trial of Frank Morrisey and Martin
Flynn, charged with assaulting: Mrs. Rose
Kllbourn of Santa Rosa, was concluded
in Judge Troutt's court . yesterday. "Wil
liam Meloney, a newspaper reporter, was
the last witness. H.e testified that Police
Sergeant Blank had told him that he
(Blank) had caught the defendants ln the
commission of the crime. Blank had de
nied this on the stand.
Owing to the. lateness of the hour at
which the arguments closed, the jury did
not retire. The members were dismissed
until this morning at, 10 o'clock, when
they will be charged by Judge Troutt.
When the Coroner's deputies, McCor
mick and Murphy, searched the clothing
they found $34 In one of the pockets.
Nothing ln the store had been disturbed
Beck was a native of Germany, about GO
years old, and had no relatives In this
country.
Beck had been on a spree for several
days, and it Is believed that he killed
himself during a fit of delirium tremens.
He had placed the muzzle of a revolver
into his mouth and pulled the trigger,
dying instantly.
August Beck, proprietor of a small
hardware store at 20 Montgomery avenue,
committed suicide some time last Mon
day night by shooting himself in the
mouth with a revolver. His body was
found yesterday afternoon by John Peck,
who noticed that the store had been
closed for two days. Peck peered over a
transom and saw Beck's bo<iy lying on a
bed in a little room in the rear of the
store. ¦ -
Hardware Store, Shoots Himself
in the Moutt.
August Beck, Proprietor of a Small
WINDS UP A DEBAUCH
BY COMMITTING SUICIDE
Charles Brown, an unmarried painter,
42 years old. was burned to death early
yesterday morning in his room at 974 Fol
som street. Brown was drinking In the
saloon of M. J. Healy, 301 Sixth, Btreet
and left the place at. 3 o'clock yesterday
morning to go to his room. Shortly after
5 o'clock- H. Partmann, the landlord,
heard the crackling o£ nrc and, opening
the door of Brown's room, saw the mid
dle of the carpet in flames. He ran and
got a bucket of water, but when he re
turned he found that the fire had made
too much headway and he hurried to the
nearest fire engine house, at 311 Sixth
street, and gave the alarm.
After the flames had been extinguished
James Conniff; captain of chemical en
gine company No. 6, found Brown's body
in the ruins. Near it lay a coal-oil lamp;
The supposition Is that Brown accidental
ly upset the lamp.
INTOXICATED PAINTEB
IS BURNED TO DEATH
TBIAL OF MORBISEY
AND FLYNN IS ENDED
The Latest Skirts From Paris
Have the edge finshed with bias velve
teen. S. H. & M. bias velveteen binding
is the best made. See that the trade mark
S. H. & M. is on the back when you buy.*
W. B. Wiley of 3151 Stelner street has
been reported lo the Coroner as missing
since Sunday. He came to this city about
a year ago and had not done any work
during- that time. He was on a spree at
the time of his disappearance.
"W. B. Wiley Is Missing.
I have discovered that some circulars in
vogue are made . up of statements purporting
to have been made by the State Mineralogist
of California, -when, as a matter of fact, they
had no such origin. I have discovered com
panies that refuse to let any of their literature
get ' out of their hands unless they are very
sure who will receive it. which I consider to
be a suspicious circumstance. I will see that
any company that is found to be crooked shall
have Its share of free advertising.
I do not see any better way to reach these
companies and possibly other than through
the medium of publicity. That I am willing
to provide when all the facts are ln. Prose
cutions are slow and uncertain. Upon a show-
Ins that the companies are deceiving the pub
lic the Postal Department of the United States
will probably see that their literature is ex
cluded In the future from the malls.
The State Mineralogist has found out
that one company that Is advertising
through pamphlets and also through the
Eastern newspapers to be paying divi
dends at the rate of 24 per cent per an
num is not operating its mine and has not
been working it for at least one year. An
other company that has several mines
which" it advertises is working only one
of its properties. Still another company
is selling stock upon the basis of a min3S
which It does not own, but has only un
der bond. In talking of the matter yes
terday Aubury said:
State Mineralogist Aubury says that his
Investigations concerning mining compa
nies in this State that are advertising to
pay huge dividends are. bearing fruit. He
has received preliminary reports from an
expert who is out in the ffcld. At this
time he declines to give out the names
of the companies under investigation, as
he has not all the facts concerning them,
and he does not wish to work any possi
ble injustice. He says he will give out all
the facts as soon as possible, that are
needed to warn the public against com
panies that are trading on the name of
California to unload stocks on false pre
tenses upon the people of the Eastern
States and European countries.
State Mineralogist Says
He Is Investigating
Bogus Concerns.
MINING FRAUDS
TO BE EXPOSED
"Now. here Is a suggestion I have to
offer which, if carried out, will make Red
ding a second Butte City," added Proc
tor. "Let your people secure the big level
tract of land across the river from Red
ding, near the Reid ferry, where our road
passes, as the site for a great combina
tion copper smelter, whither all the cop
per mines of the county can send their
ore to be smelted. Neither Bully Hill,
Kennet, the Balaklala nor others of the
great mines have enough level ground for
the smelting capacity they need. I be
lieve the owners can all be induced to
agree upon one combination smelter on
this broad . tract. Of course, the fumes
would affect your rosebuds In town, but
it would make Redding a great business
center."
"We cannot do otherwise," said Proc
tor. "If we build down into town we
must cross Sacramento River, where it
is much wider and go back up the stream
again...
Redding citizens were surprised at,Proc
tor's announcement to-day that the road
will not run through Redding. 'It will
cross the river at the northern city Iimit3,
a. mile from the business center.
"From Eureka to Redding the route Is
ICO miles long. The railroad will pass six
miles south of Weaverville, owing to 'the
rough country. A branch will be buiSt
to Weavervilie. Trinity Mountain is 'to
be crossed at Shasta divide. The. road
Cpmes by the Tower House and the town
of Shasta, passing two miles south of
Keswick." •
"The great advantage which the road
will possess over all others is that it is
an ideal winter route," said Proctor. "The
very highest elevation which we reach is
5000 feet. There is almost no snow along
the route, and we will not have to build
a single rod of pnowsheds. We will cross
the mountains at Hatchet Creek Pass,
th^ lowest in the Sierra Nevadas. No
more than five feet of enow has been
known in this pass in the hardest winter.
It was discovered by Union Pacific.sur
veyors several years ago. A survey which
they made through Burney and P"aJl
River valleys, crossing the pass. Is adopt
ed in toto.
Proctor estimates that nearly all of tbe
$25,000,000 provided will be required in
building the 800 miles of road. The first
consideration has been to get the most
direct route for an eastern road to' the
coast. From Eureka it will come in as
direct a line «as possible and from here
to "VVeiser, on the Idaho and Oregon bor
der, it will run northeast in an . almost
straight line.
REDDING, March 5.— Lord Thurlow
and George H. Proctor this afternoon
gave for the first time the details of the
building and exact route of the Eureka
and Eastern Railroad, of which they are
the projectors and for the construction of
which a contract has been let.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Commissioner Qhnimus said yesterday
that as the rumor came to him. the fund
was raised among a large number of of
ficers, including corporals, sergeants and
lieutenants, as well J as patrolmen, and
promotion was to be assured to '. each.
Ohnimus 'says that he and the Mayor
concluded - that the rumor was entirely
groundless and dropped their inquiry two
weeks ago.
Commissioner Ohnimus denies the state
ment attributed' to him that a. patrolmau
went, to him and, said that a corruption
fund had been raised. He says that what
he did say was that when he heard the
rumor; he went to a patrolman whom he
could trust and that officer told him he
also had heard the rumor. Ohnimus put
him to work on it, but he reported later
that he could find nothing more than
vague rumor. Ohnimus refuses to give
the name of the patrolman. Chief of Po
lice Wlttman and Secretary Moran will
probably,~demand that the name be made
public and that the patrolman be put on
the witness stand in an investigation by
the Mayor, to tell how the 'rumor reached
him. :
. Secretary. Moran and the Commission
ers were busy yesterday afternoon seek
ing an interview with the Mayor, but his
Honor was called away from his office
soon after noon and did not return. AH
of the Commissioners had expected to see
the Mayor at 4 o'clock, Moran having
made a provisional appointment for that
hour through the Mayor's secretary.
' The Civil Service Commission at a
meeting yesterday afternoon voted to
send letters' to Mayor Schmitz and the
Grand Jury asking investigations of the
rumor that has gotten into print that a
corruption fund of JGOOO was raised by
sixty patrolmen to insure their promotion
to corporalships.'. As Mayor Schmitz has
said that if an should be
asked it would be held,- doubtless the of
ficial inquiry will be forthcoming.
Mr. Jones is a member of the American
Gaslight Association, New England As
sociation of Gas. Engineers. Western Gas
Association, honorary member of the
Unfid (¦( (i.is iJiinj.sers of Matsa^husetis.
last president of the Pacific Coast Gas«
Association, member of the Technical So
olety of the Pacific Coast and a member
of the American • Society of Mechanical
Engineers. He is also a member of
Golden Gate Commandery, K. T.. and of
Islam Temple. N. M. S.
Kesolxed, That the best wL-nes of this ccrpo
tion will go ¦with Mr. Jones in all his future
undertaking-R.
Rej-olved. That this board in parting with
Mr. Jones desires to expro»» Its appreciation pf
hi* eminent ability in his profession, of Ills
moft valuable services to this company while
ln its employment, and of the untiring energy
and unselfish devotion which he has displayed
during his long connection with it: and be It
further
Resolved, That the board of directors of this
corporation accept with sincere regret the resig
nation of E. C. Jones as engineer of the coin-
Ijany. to take effect March 1, 1SMI2; and be it
J urther
• W. B. Bourne. T. B. Bishop, G. H. Collins.
J. B. Crockett, J. P. Donahue, AV. J. Uutton,
Adam Grant, J. IJowney Harvey, C. Osgood
Hooker, Homer S. King, E. J. MeCutchen. L.
T. Monteagle. D. T. Murphy, A. H. I'ayson.
George W. Prescott, Kudolph K|»reckels and
Levi Strauss.
The following resolutions accompanied
the present:
Edward C. Jones, who for the past
eleven years has been chief engineer of
the San Francitco Gas and Electric Com
pany, resigned from that corporation a
lew days ago to accept a like position
with the California Central Gas and Elec
tric Company. It was with regret that
the board of directors of the local gas
company accepted Jones' resignation, for
during the years he had been with the
company he yeoman service. He
directed the construction of the North
l?each works and superintended the
building cf other important plants of the
corporation.
In appreciation of the services he ren
dered the directors of the company pre
sented Jones with a large oak chest con
taining 163 pieces of silver. On a plaie
on the cover of the chest are the names
of the directors:
Prfsidfnt. Gustave Brenner of Brt-nner. 1*1
nian «.*omt>any: first vict- nresj^?nt, II. P. Ca
pell of M. .1. BraridenKtejn & <"o. ; second vice
president. William <:. McCloskey of Miller,
Slo*s ic Scott; treasurer, (\ J. iMtgen of J. A
Folser & Co.: W. T. Holling of Tillmann &
Hendel: R. H. Van Sant of Kprilngton & Co.:
C.jL. 13one«tell of Boneptell & Co.; licome K.
Nevln of Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.; C. S.
Aroru=on of Anslo-Am<?riean Crockerv . an<l
Cla^s-were Company; K. V. Nelson of Dairy
men's Union of California; Sanford Bennett of
Dunham. Carrlpan & Hayden Company: J. J.
Pchuty of Haas Bros.; W. Swartley of Hol
brook. Merrill & .Stetson: C. B. Carr of Cali
fornia Fruit ("aimers' Association: Ben Armer,
secretary.
Secretary Ben Armer Introduced the
subject of local checks, and said- that the
country merchants were slowly being ed
ucated to obtaining San Francisco ex
change in preference to sending *a. cheeky
on thrir local bank in settlement of ac
counts. I
The officers of the association are as fol- j
low?:
Gustave Brenner of the Brenner-Ullman
Company presided and introduced San
ford" Bennett of the Dunham, Carrigan &
Hayden Company as the "chief funmaker
of the meeting." After the disposition of
an excellent menu George McBride sang
a number of bass solos. He was followed
by Bennett, who. after rendering two se
lections, opened the discussion on the ad
vantages of establishing a bureau of col
lections acting Jn conjunction with the
San Francisco Hoard of Trade. He de
nounced, as did other speakers who fol
lowed him. the methods of the average
collection agent or agency, and said that
"the merchant who intrusted his accounts
to one of them might as well put the
amount of money represented by tht
claim in his pocket, go out on the high
way, and be held up by a f ootpad or a
brace of them."
J. H. Dorian of the Columbia Photo
graph Company, 1^. Klkus of the L. KIkus
Company. R. 11. Bennett of the Men
chants' Credit Association and W; H.
Kent, attorney for the Dunham. Carrigan
& Iiayden Company, discussed the matter
from different standpoints. It was linally
declded to tuke a postal card vote of the
members upon the proposition of estab
lishing a bureau of collection. If the re
sult is favorable the chair will appoint a
committee of ten to consider a series of
regulations v. - hich were propsed for the
government of the bureau.
At the annual banquet and business
meeting of the Credit Men's Association,
held last night at a Pine-street rotisserie.
a lively discussion ensued over the propo
sition to organize a collection bureau in
connection with the association. The
largest wholesale firms ln the city were
represented by men who have had large
experience with the local collection agen
cies. They all denounced the present bu
reau to their hearts' content and then de
cided to refer the entire matter to a vote
of the members.
ENGINEER JONES
IS APPRECIATED
ANNUAL DINNER
OF CREDIT MEN
DEMANDS A FULL
INVESTIGATION
It is known that Macarthur's proposal
followed upon the heels of a conference
A\ith Henry T. Scott, president of the
Union Iron Works, in which Scott gave
the labor - leader assurances that he
needed skilled mechanics and that as rap-
Idly as possible his former employes
would be reinstated if the strike was de
clared 4 off.. Whether or not Scott also
gaye, his promise that he would be will-
Ing to let the arbitration committee of
the National Civic Federation decide the
merits of the controversy between the
Union Iron Works and the strikers is one
of the secrets of the conference. But
Business Agent Wisler and other promi
nent members of the union took part Jn
the discussion, which for the most part
was calm, and dispassionate. Supervisor
Wynn was present, but did not take part
in. the discussion. The men gave up with
some reluctance the struggle in which
they have stood shoulder to shoulder for
ten months, but when the result of the
secret ballot was known the majority was
found to be In favor of trusting its inter
ests to .tho half promise of arbitration
that is held out to It.
Gave Up With Reluctance.
,' taken up by -the committee as early as
?The b lame assurance had been given him
fty other members of the committee and
he felt confident that the problem wouM
be reached by the committee within the
next six months, and possibly a solution
arrived at, at the end of that period. The
I settlement of difficulties existing betv » een
! the laborers and the employers In these
three great plants would determine hours
and wages for labor in the entire industry
j of the iron trades. • , , , . „,._..
i Macarthur told the assembled strikers
that upon his return from the East with
his credentials as a member of the arbi
tration committee of the National Civic
Federation and fresh from conferences
with the noted men who make up that
body and with the labor leaders of the
East, he .had discussed with the, local
loaders the plan which had been accepted
6y tlje Iron Trades Council and sent to
them for their approval. ' „,«.
1 He felt sure that the local employers
would not ignore the recommendations
of the National Civic Federation and they
had much to hope for from such method
/of consideration of their demands. He
urged upon them that unless they felt
confident that heir present line of action
would result ln victory within a reason
able time, it were the part of wisdom to
accept the- good offices of the men of na
tional reputation who have lately inter
ested themselves in the effort to adjust
labor difficulties.
OUTLINES ROUTE
OF NEW RAILWAY
The meeting of machinists was . a.
lengthy one. Walter Macarthur addressed
the assembled worklngmen, explaining in
great detail the plan under which the men
were advised to declare the strike Qi'f.
He told them that he had the assurance
of Senator Hanna, chairman of the arbi
tration committee of the National Civic
Federation, that the relations of em
ployers and employes in the great ship
building plants of the country where war
ships are built— Cramps, Newport News
and the Union Iron Works— would be
The unions were in session until long
af tei midnight arranging plans by which
their application for work under old terms
this morning will be orderly and seem
ly and not the scramble of hundreds of
eager Individuals without organization.
They will appear at the various iron
works and factories at, the hour for be
ginning work and each man will apply it
possible to his former foreman, if not to
the foreman in charge of his particular
branch of work and will state that he
is at liberty to resume work.
"Where men are needed the old employes
will be reinstated without question. Many
will not get work at once. In fact, itis
doubtful if even the majority of them
will find work ready at hand, but they
believe and many of the employers agree
with them that in the course of a few
weeks much the larger portion of them
will be employed under the conditions
that existed prior to May 20 of last year.
Shipbuilding ; Plants to Determine
This' action, together with the favor
able action of practically all the other
unions involved in the great iron trades
strike in San Francisco, means the end
ing of the strike and the return to work
as fast as conditions will permit of the
skilled mechanics who for ten months
have walked the streets in idleness. ;
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge of Inter
national Association of Machinists
No. 6S decided last night by secret
ballot to accept the proposition rec
ommended to It by the Iron Trades
Council to declare the strike off and to
permit members to apply to their former
employers for work under the old condi
tions, with the hope held out to them by
Walter Macarthur, the well-known labor
leader and Pacific Coast representative
on the arbitration committee of the Na
tional Civic Federation/that within six
months the Questions at issue between
them and the employers will be submitted
to arbitration.
All of the larger concerns remained
equally stubborn against granting the
terms asked by the strikers, and only a
small percentage of the men obtained em
ployment in the smaller shops which
agreed to the conditions laid down by
the union. Despite this enforced idleness,
there were no cases of defection from the
strikers' ranks, and through* all the long
months there was an entire absence of
disorder, or unlawful interference with the
rights of others on the part of the ma
chinists.
v After the meeting R. I. Wlsler, business
a£ent of the Machinists' Union, said that
the strike had been one of the longest
and most persistent ever carried on in
the United States. He claimed that out
of all the men who went out nine and a
half months ago not more than sixty de
serted and went back to work without
the leave of their union. He said that
about 2700 men remained out. to the last
and that about that number would apply
for work this morning.
On May 20, 1901, every member of the
Iron Trades Council in San Francisco,
consisting of the International Brother
hood of Boilermakers and Iron Ship
Builders, International Brotherhood of
Blacksmiths, International Association of
Machinists, and the coremakers, metal
polishers, buffers, platers and brass
workers, numbering over 4000 men, packed
up their tools and left their various places
of employment in consonance with a de
mand formulated by the national organ
ization for a nine-hour working day.
For nearly ten months the men have
remained on strike, and at all times have
presented an unbroken front to their for
mer employers. They have never modi
fled their demands during this period of
idleness, and have shown- no signs of
surrender. * In this steadfastness the
strike of the ironworkers has been with
out a parallel.
Strikers Held . Together.
?f aca . rt £ ur ln hls addresses last night and
tiie night before to the unions concerned
<wt! le Str , i , ke ex P res sed the belief that
geott would not be indifferent to the rec
ommendations of that body.
Nearly all of the unions affiliated with
the Iron Trades Council voted at meet
ings j^uesday. night to accept the recom
mendation of the council to declare the
strike off. The machinists had taken the
matter under consideration, adjourning till
last night. The decision reached by the
men ol the other | unions had its effect
£,« ?« machinists, ¦ comprising the mo*5t
influential body in the iron trades, settled
beyond any doubtrthe fate of the strike.
_ Boilermakers arftl Iron Ship Builders'
Union No. 25 was the single organization
to hold out against the strike. Of its
membership but sixty men are at pres-
e ?u out t _ ot employment, many of the
>jn^ r3 v be i ng r en & a sed at Marev Island
wn^ n a . rd -,, Tt is believed that this union
will fall In line, now. that the question of
the end of the strike is no longer ln doubt.
Arter the Machinists' Union had taken
action on the terms submitted to them by
Macarthur the Iron Trades Council held
a. meeting and formally recommended to
•f», n lf. inbers of a11 the unions affiliated
with the council that they would return
* w i ork .* to ~ day Pending the result of the
arbitration by the committee of thirty^
six of the National Civic Federation of
the nine-hour day and other points at
issue between the employers and employes
of the iron trades industry. It was
further stated that the unions had by
vote concurred in the recommendation of
the council.
MACHINISTS VOTE TO GO
BACK TO WORK AND THE
GREAT IRON STRIKE ENDS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 1902.
strong Machinists' ' Union accepted by a decisive vote last night the proposition for
I industrial peace submitted to them by Walter Macarthur. :Practically all of the unions af
filiated with the Iron Trades Council and concerned in the great strike that began May
20 of las: vear took the same action, some of them last night and some. on the previous night.
As a result some 1500 strikers who are still idle will apply this morning to their former em
ployers for work under old conditions, in the hope that within six months their demands will
be submitted to arbitration through the efforts of the. National Civic Association.
12
t lmmll -
SPECIAL SALE I
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
BUTTER, square 45e
Choice creamery.
EGGS, 2 dozen 35g
Fancy Ranch Effgs.
CHILI SAUGE, bot ...25c
Millar's celebrated brand.
Made from the original Spanish formula.
Regularly 40c.
STUFFED DATES, 3 pkgs 25o
Dates stuffed with
Almonds, Walnuts and Pecan*.
Reuularly 10c a pks.
JAPANESE TRAYS, each 25c >
Beautifully decorated, :
Black and sold.
Regularly 33c.
CRANBERRY SAUCE, 2 tins for. 25c'
Delicious with meats and same.
,, Regularly 25c a tin.
TOOTH BRUSHES, each 10c
A fine line of Tooth Brushes.
Regularly sold at from 20c to 30c.
MACKEREL, 2 for.. !5c
These are the genuir
Norway Mackerel.
Regularly 10c each.
CHICKEN COCK WHISKEY, bot. 75c
¦ r' Gallon $3.0O
10-year-old straight goods. <j
Regularly $1.00 and 54.00. -
CLAM EXTRACT, fin--' 10c
For Clam Chowder. Soup and Broth.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. CATA-
LOGUK FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market
TELEPHONE MAIX 5522.
For Stomach Disorders* i
Cout and DyspopslaA
DRINK
Best ISATUKAL Alkaline] Water
220 EROADWAT. K. T.
Sav3 Pain— UNTiL MARCH 10-Saie Hone?
vPZ.UV OF TB5IH
§PainIess - Extraction FRET!
Full Pet of Teeth ...$2.00
Gold Crowns. 22k $2.C0
Brldgework. per tooth. .. .$2.CO
Silver Filings FREE
Gold Fillings ...r,Lc up
Boston Dental College,
737 MARKET ,S • . '**
Lady attendants. OPEX- DAILY until 9
p. m. SUNDAYS. 9 to 4. Second fioor.
-^iifk, CEO. MOTGRLE,
jKrfSShSF**' German Export Opttcian. has .
Si^Sfc-v^"* not moved. hi:t remains at A
*^ 1071 Market street.
Weekly Call,$l.00 per Yea*
-j—^ _; ¦ t
For fifty years, the Vose piano has
stood the storm of rivalry. .
For fifty years it has been a leader,
it has kept. up with the pace of in-
vention and its improvements and
advantages.' have been the talk of
the piano-world, and now at the end
of its half-century race it stands as
it stood when it started — one of the
leaders of them all.
v Perfect in every, detail of. the
piano-maker's art. practical, durable,
satisfactory— a piano as good as > a
piano can be._ made— a piano we rec-
ommend, a piano we back by our
guarantee, and the guarantee of the
house of Curtaz is. backed by a rec-
ord in San Francisco of as many
years' standing as the Vose piano has
been made. . -
¦ . Tne Vose is" the piano for you; it
will be f lifetime companion that will
help make every day a happy one.
Benj. Curtaz & Son,
16-20 O'Farrell St., S.F.
BRANCH ) SAN Jose,
imAUUl /.FRESNO.
.MUHC3. )' STOCKTON.
KEITH'S
Spring Opening ¦
ol
PATTERN HATS,
BONNETS
AND NOVELTIES
Friday and Saturday,
March 7th and 8 h.
We will on above dates display
an extensive line of the best creations
of famous Parisian and New York
modistes, which have been selected
by Mmc. Alma E. Keith while in
. Unusual care has been taken bv
Mme. Keith in selecting the stock of
flowers, feathers, laces, chiffons, ma-
lines, silks, ribbons, velvets and.or-
Remember your wants can best be
supplied by a large house.
Keith's, 898 Market St; Phclan Building
IBHBSEBBHHBBBKBHHBBBI
H- — . ,{
w? *"^ pur >/">k
LATEST SPRING STYLES.
THESE SHOES ARE
STYLISH. WELL fiND HON-
ESTLY. rt\f1DE— IN ALL
THE NEW AND PROPER
SHAPES FROM fILL THE
POPULAR LEATHERS IN
VOGUE TO-DAY. YOU
CAN BUY HERE 0 HIGH
GRADE SHOE EQUAL IN
EVERY WAY TO A $6.00
SHOE FOR THE POPULAR
PRICE OF $3.50.
W^LK-OVER
SHOEStORE
F. F. WRIGHT & SON;
924 MARKET STREET,
Opposite Emporium.
> ' ¦ • •' : ' ' ' ."¦-¦•
saaaaHEHHHHBHaaaaaai
ItA^TEiJ (£A5TE§)
Easter Things
That came yesterday
by express.
Fancy Stockings, with embroidered
insteps. The bow knots and flow-
ers are worked by hand in bright
colors on black grounds. Swell—
$1.0O pair.
Tailored Suits — That show off new
styles more vividly than anything
we've seen — the ruffles, fancy
sleeves, bright little vests and but-
tons add many new charms to
ready-made suits.
Baby Carriages
§6.50.
They're not too cheap to be good.
Full-sized, with cushions that can be
taken cut, hood topped, padded and
lined to match — new tinned Rear, with
patent spring wheels and foot brake.
Two other popular bujrKies:
.«;1O.9S— Handsome full reed car-
riage, with swell front, upholstered
in India cloth, hood top, padded and
lined to match, new tinned gear,
patent spring rubber tire wheels
. and fo6t brake.
$12.00— Handsome full-sized car-
riage, upholstered in Bedford cord,
hood top, padded and lined to
match, new gear, with spring rub-
ber tire wheels, rubber caps and
foot brake.
Stationery.
Important Yaluss.
Stenographers' Note Books 3c— 156
pages, ruled, stitched back, good
paper.
Becord Books 50c— Canvas covered,
leather bound corners, 500 pages.
Of an extra quality paper. Good
sound book for a little price, 50c.
Pound Paper 18c.
Satin finish note paper. Dresden
blue or heliotrope. An extra quality
of paper at small price — iqc.
Envelopes to Match Above—in
shades of paper, lOc package.
•JEWTffAIT & LEVOTSON . .
Elegant New Waists
Up-to-date, early spring styles, strictly tailor made jn choice
creations and many exclusive designs. We quote a few special
values selected from our stock:
Stylish Wash Waists of Chambrays, Madras and c*] OCT
Piques in solid colors, stripes and dots.
Waists of polka dot Batiste and fancy striped 3 1 K(\.
Madras, in entirely new effects. V 1.»JU
Plain color Batiste Waists with front, collar and «^Q AA
cuffs trimmed in Persian bands, very stylish. v^.UU
The Gibson Shirt Waist — of best quality Pique and
Madras in a large variety of new colorings. TrQ.\J\J
The Gibson Shirt Waist— of fine sheer Scotch »Q CA
Madras newest and most attractive effects. PO'UV
Stylish Black Grenadines
We are now showing all the latest weaves and- designs of
this handsome material — Plain, Striped and Floral effects-
suitable for all occasions — at exceedingly attractive prices.
24 inch Striped Grenadines, per yard 75c \
44 inch Striped Grenadines, per yard $100, S1.25
44 inch Plain Grenadines, per yard SI. 00, $1.25, $1.50
44 inch Figured Grenadines, per yard $1.85, $2.25, $2.50
Dainty Wash Fabrics
30 inch Mercerized Chambray's — in a choice collection O Az-
of solid colorings — per yard £\J\~
32 inch Imported Scotch Zephyr — in new stripes O^p
and corded effects — per yard
30 inch choice Grass Linens— in the prettiest ol
colored silk stripes — per yard * , "^ w
Two Underwear Specials
Ladies' Vega Silk Vests, low neck and no sleeves, in
white, black, pink, blue and lavender, special at «JUL
Ladies' Fine Ribbed Vests, in long and short sleeves,
with tights to match— made of combed Egyptian yarn, r a
extra valne V. DUC
===== Kearnp and Suffer Sts. |
Hale's. ]\
52-inch Diagonal
Serges 65c.
;<.-: Regular Dollar quality.
Think of such a wide stuff
at such a narrow price. And
at same time so new and so
good. Takes but 5 yards to
make a dress.
Black only — a rich, soft
black. Going fast; more than
half of it went first day.
SilkaUne ioc.
New styles and colorings.
Some hundred pieces ready to
choose from this morning. 36 inches
wide; green, pink and blue floral de-
signs on white grounds^ — very pretty
combinations for dainty draperies^ —
Lace-striped Scrim 9c.
Ecru, a? Inches wide, neat patterns, quite
tbe thins for half sash or full length cur-
tains. 'Oc yard. •
Q j Q
Infants' Wear.
Infants' Long Slips —
50c — Made of nainsook, round
" yoke of embroidery or square I
yoke of fine tucks, neck and
sleeves trimmed with embroid-
ery. _ ,
$1.OO — Made of fine nainsook,
square yoke of embroidery inser-
tion and tucks trimmed with
hemstitched ruffle, deep hem-
stitched hem on bottom.
Infants' Flannel Sacques-r-
S9c — Cream white, all wool,
trimmed with silk braid and col-
ored silk embroidery.
infants ' Wors ted Legging Drawers
50c— Black and white.
Children's Bonnets and Hats—
75c — Dainty white bonnet,
tucked crown and back, inserted
with i-inch embroidery, lawn
bow at side, with full embroidery
ruffle in front.
Toe — Made of dotted Swiss.
Tarn o' Shanter crown, full. bow
in front, finished with pleated
ruffle, edged with lace.
Infants' Caps —
oOc — Made of lawn, prettily em-
bioidered crown and back, with
embroidery insertion. Top ruche
of netting, with pink and blue
rosettes.
75c — Made of fine lawn, tucked
crown and back, turned back
effect of embroidery edpred with
dainty lace, pretty full ruche,
small embroidery cape, wide
strings. : i .-.'¦•"