no_textTHE adobe bourne, the relic of early
California days, is fast crumbling
away. And the pity of it is that
little or nothing is being done to
preserve such houses, so that in time to
come they may be pointed out with pride
as the oldest landmarks of the State.
Sonoma has a collection of which she Is
really proud and well she may be, for
much history ¦was made in them, al
though one would never dream It to look
at them now.
Naturally, one Inquires about General
Vailejo's home. It is a quaint old two
¦tory affair with the tinv windows, the
overhanging roof and the spacious ve
randa. The same beams are there that
ornamented It in early times, and that
serve so well these days to hold the
adobe in place. The doors show a marked
difference In architecture. They are
broad and are much the style of our
French window, open in the center and
swing back on hinges, and. another thing
—they are perfectly immense.
This house is well preserved and one
would easily imagine that It was the
scene of many a splendid and glorious
celebration.
No kind of an occasion was considered
complete without music, singing and
dancing, and no social gathering was
ever finished without a fandango. Val-
Iejo's daughters were noted for their wit
in answering couplets, which was a cus
tom much in vogue at that time. For in
stance, a gentleman commenced a strophe
In a doleful strain, to the effect that "If
Yankees come the country's lost; there's
no one to defend her." Instantly a
charming damsel, with a twinkle in her
eye, "answered: "If Frenchmen come, the
women folks will willingly surrender."
The old mission building Is in a hopeless
6tate of decay. The adobe walls have
crumbled and fallen; the tiles have been
broken and have slipped here and there,
staying just where they happened to
lodge. The windows are loosely boarded
up; the light covering used as a shelter
for horses has been the plaything of the
elements for such a length of time that
the shingles and posts have long since
given up trying to battle with them.
But the pride t of the town Is what is
commonly known as the "Old Fitch
building." That is truly a landmark, and
one heard any' day and every day,
"I'll meet you at the Fitch house." Early
in 1S51 this house was the military head
quarters for the Pacific division of the
United States army and all commands
were issued from it. Such men as Sher
man, Kearney, Smith, Hooker and Fre
mont were stationed there one after tha
other, and each general had his own part
sxr-anse structures in Wh^ch *he C©h
qUesVoF-the "WrTd aitf WcoTTLj
West" Was Planned N©V/
; FaTlTnSTnto RUin and
Decay.
One of the old churches has entirely
lest Its dignity and is considered hardly
fit to store hay away in. The light com
ing In over the choir stalls and falling on
the niches filled with straw has, to say
the least, a peculiar attraction for vis
itors. Another building is used as a barn
and a very poor one it makes, too.
So In one way and another these old
time buildings are being used 'and aro
being destroyed just as fast as is possi
ble. It took the Camera Club to tlad out
to play In history. In 1852 and 1853 events
crowded along In such a fashion that It
kept everybody busy looking out for
themselves, but no one was too occupied
or too worried not to relax and enjoy life
and Its frivolity in their spare moments,
and many are the stories told both of
sorrow and merry-making in the Fitch
place.
that the quaint old places were w*>H
worth photographing and that In a few
years there would be .nothing left of
them, so they made a pilgrimaga and
here Is tfca result. A
THE SUISHDAY CALL.
SONOMA'S OLD ADOBE HOUSESIf it is intendfcd to ship the celery h*
the rough, it is tied up in bunches of
a dozen plants and loaded on the car3.
Over the first tier is built another "deck,"
and on this a third. Or th<* celery la
packed in .crates, each, of which holds
from six dozen -to'.: eight -dozen bunches.
A railroad car carries about 150 crates or
r early '1200 dozen bunches If the celery
i» "decked" a greater . quantity can be
packed into a car than if it is crated, and
the cost of the crates is saved by tha -
shipper. Crates coat thirty cents each.
After the "banker" has done its work the
grower feels safe, for the frost is rarely
bo sharp as to hurt "banked" celery.
There remains but one process to be
described, but this is the most interest
ing and important. All over : the celery
raising region : the harvest time is one
of ' bustle. . Every available man, woman
and child in the district is engaged j In
gathering in the crop. The roots of the
celery are so tenacious that to pull them
,up would bruise the stalks. ; They are,
therefore, cut off by. a contrivance
mounted -on wheels and pulled down tha
rows by a pair of horses wearing big
wooden . shoes, .. eight inches .• wide,' ten
long and one and a half thick, to keep
them from getting bogged in the soft
peatlands. The "cutter" has a knife
fitted to a bar which may be raised '.or
ard are sent from Arizona or Northern
California, being' pat together at the
packing-houses. Some shippers_ send the
celery away in refrigerator cars, as, un
less this Is done, ' the celery 13 apt to
reach its destination in a damaged condi
tion. The ice for a car costs from, forty
to' eighty dollars according to the dis
tance of the market.- The celery that ia
shipped uncrated" is loaded in "decked"
cars, and, on arriving at Kansas City tha
lumber used in "decking" is cut up to
make crates in which the celery is for
warded from that city.- In 1900 the num
ber of carloads sent to the East was 736.
and In 1901 about a . thousand cars were
needed to carry the crop. In 1901 about
2400 acres were planted to celery, but ow
ing to loss from foul seed and damage
from an overflow only about 1600 or 1700
acres, were: harvested. .
At first the celery crop was chiefly dis
posed of by a commission men, but in tha
last two or three years buyers have con
tracted for the crop at ; the beginning of
the season, a plan which enables tho
grower to ' know his position more satis
factorily. The cost of raising a crop from
the beginning to the completion of the
harvesting varies considerably according
to circumstances, estimates varying from
$25 to $70 per acre. Including the rent
of the ground $50 per acre Is considered
a fair average cost, and, -with celery at
fifteen cents per. "doz&nr bunches the •crop>
realizes about $IC0 per acre. There have
been instances of a profit of $250 per acre
being obtained and several growers esti
mate their average net profits at $123
to $150 per acre.
sary to the nutrition of the body, having
In themselves the types of food which ar»
represented by the fats, the nitrogenous
or protein bodies and the carbo-hydrates.
In addition to these, they contain, those
mineral elements of which the bony struc
ture of the body la composed, viz.: lime
and phosphoric acid.
If, therefore, man were confined to a
single article of diet, there is nothing
which would be so suitable for his use as
the cereals.: Starch and sugar are pri
marily the foods which furnish animal
heat and energy and hence should be used
in great -abundance by those who are en
gaged in manual labor.
The workingmen of our country, espe
cially, should consider this point and ac
custom themselves more and more to the
use of cereals In their foods. When prop
erly prepared and properly served, they
are palatable as well as nutritious, and
their judicious use in this way would tend
to diminish . the , craving for flesh, which,
however, it Is not advisable to excluda
entirely. from the diet.
By persons whose habits of life are
sedentary, requiring but little physical
exertion, starch and sugar should be eat
en more sparingly, since if used for sup
plying energy for muscular exertion, they
are largely converted into fat. thus pro
ducing a condition of stoutness which
Js looked forward to with fear by all who
hope to retain undiminished their bodily
powers.
In other words, the well-to-do person
as a rule, whese habits are sedentary, can
eat meat with less danger of acquiring
that excess of adipose to which reference
has just been made.
tain only about 10 per cent of waste and
this is an exceedingly email proportion. as
compared with the percentage in meats.
If meats should' be used as suggested
above, more ; for • condimental purposes,
as In the making of soups, stews, etc.,
and not more than once a day as one of
the staple articles of the table, it would
be better, in ; my opinion, for . the health
and strength of the consumer, and espe
cially would -it be a saving in the matter
of household expenses. ¦ . ~.
. It is well known that men who are
nourished very extensively on cereals are
capable of the hardest and most enduring
manual labor.' Meats, are quickly digest
ed, furnish an abundance of energy soon
after*, consumption, but are not retained
in the digestive organism long enough to
sustain permanent muscular exertion.
On the other hand, cereal foods are
more slowly digested, furnish the energy
necessary to digestlon'and the vital func
tions in a more uniform manner and thu3
are better suited to sustain hard manual
labor for a long period of time. .
Cereals contain as their most abundant
constituent an element of food which is
practically absent In meats, viz. ; carbo
hydrates, of which starch and sugar are
types. . Starch and sugar alone are not
sufficient to give permanent nourishment
to the body, since they fail to contain the
elements ; necessary to the nourishment,
especially to the muscular tissues of. the
body.
In cereals, however, the starch Is com
bined with an abundant supply of nitro
genous materials, of which the gluten of
wheat flour is a type. It so happens that
the cereals contain all the elements neces-
lowered. The knife is set at right angles
to .the rows of celeryand cuts the. plants
at. a desired, point below the surface of
the soil. After the cutter has got a
start of .a dozen rows or so the "trim
mers"- follow,- and with butchers' -knives
trim off the butts of the bunches and
remove all superfluous or damaged stalks
and leaves.
in La Crosse, Wis., the best liked varieties
being named "White Plume" and "Golden
Heart." The seed beds after careful prep
aration are sown thickly in rows or
broadcast about the end of March or early
in April. The young plants are weeded
and thinned out until they reach a suit
able size, when they are taken up by
hand, and, after being trimmed at top and
root, are packed "In boxes and carried to
the fields that have been prepared for set
ting. There men or boys transplant them
one by one in holes made with a tapering
stick and settle the earth round the, roots
with their hands. -The young plants are
ready for transplantation to the field rows
about July 1, but the operation may be
performed successfully at any time during
July or August. The ground in which
they are set 'out must be moist enough to
nourish the young plants until they re
cover from the somewhat rough process
of transplantation.
The plants are set out In drills four feet
apart from center to center and about
12,000 to the acre. If any of them fail to
grow others are set in their places, though
the loss on this account is only small.
But the rich soil which nurtures the
celery produces also an abundant crop of
weeds, which must be kept down, either
by hand work or by the use of imple
ments specially devised for the purpose.
In many cases the task of weeding must
be performed repeatedly. It is also nec
essary to keep the soil away from the
stalks of growing celery. This is done by
a machine named "a crowder," which, be
ing driven down the field, draws the earth
away from the celery stalks to form a
ridge between the rows. This process
sometimes has to be repeated once or even
twice before, the celery is ready to be
"banked." As the celery grows the earth
is shifted back from the ridge toward the
stalks, but is not pressed against them,
the object being simply to afford shelter
and shade to the growing plant. About
the middle of November the ridge of soil
is divided down the middle by a sort of
double-winged piow and Is moved In equal
parts near to the rows of celery, where it
remains until the time for "banking" ar
rives. This is just the opposite process to
"crowding." The "banking" ; machine
places the earth firmly against the stalks
on both sides, packing it solidly as a pro
tection against frosts or parching winds.
It also; bleaches the stalks and renders
them crisp.
The time required by crops to reach ma
turity varies somewhat, but celery set
out on July i "should be ready, if all goes
well, for the Thanksgiving day market.
It keeps coming on from that date until
the end of March. During the season of
1900 and 1901 the demand for celery was so
great that much of it was sold without
having been "banked" at all. But as the
season advances it becomes necessary 'to
"bank" it, for the frost, while it- does not
often visit the peatlands, is severe enough
to render the celery unfit for market un
less it is protected -by a shield of soil.
some of the ways in which a cheaper
substance than meat may be made to
serve the double purpose of nutrition and
palatability.
I think the statement may be accepted
without question that, as a rule, we eat
too much, not only of meat, but of all
forms of food. The question of limiting
the diet, however, is one that deserves
more than a passing notice, and is based
primarily not on the principles of econ
omy, but on the requirements of hy
giene.
Both undernutrition and overnutrition
act unfavorably on the animal economy,
causing, on the one hand, a deposit of un
necessary fat, and on the other interfer
ence with the vital processes, by reason
of diminished or insufficient materials for
renewing the waste of the body.
Comparative anatomy has shown that
man is an omnivorous animal and, there
fore, there can be no question of the right
and propriety of flesh eating. In addition
to this, the taste of well-prepared meats*
is most delightful, and man in his normal
state has a craving for a meat diet, or at
least one in which meat figures to a con
siderable extent. This craving may be
satisfied In some degree without indulg
ing too freely in the expensive luxury of
meat eating at the present prices.
Very few people realize what they buy
when ordinary meals are purchased.- In
the first place, almost every piece of meat
purchased In the market has a large quan
tity of refuse, viz.: the bones, gristle, ten
dons and other parts unsuitable for the
table. ..•.•.-•,-: ¦V/.;: ¦¦*• ¦' .
WHAT TO EAT IF MEAT IS DEAR.
By Hv w. -WfT^Ch'sf i''\6f ¦ thV Bureau of Ctemjsivy ?
These, of course, are put In at standard
rates, and the result is that the actual
meat which is fit for consumption, for
which say 20 cents a pound is paid in the
market, is worth 25 or 30 cents a pound be
fore it is ready for cooking. A glance at
the table expressing :the percentage , of
refuse in animal foods is most interesting.
In the case of the trimmings of the loin,
as high as 57 per cent has been -found to
be refuse, and the percentage in any kind
of meats rarely falls below 10. If we
should place the average percentage of
the refuse in beef of all kinds, as pur
chased in the market, at 25, it would prob
ably be below rather than above the true
figure. . . .
Then, after the refuse is cut away, the
purchaser buys an immense quantity, of
water. In some parts of beef, and beef
may be taken as a type of all meats in
general, the percentage of water rises
above 70. -
In a sample of meat which was prepared
for canning, purposes, under the super
vision of an agent of the Bureau of Chem
istry, in the Department of Agriculture,
it was. found that after removing the
bones and other refuse portions and pass
in'g 306 pounds of, the meat thus prepared
through- a sausage cutter a sample of the
average meat secured contained ;71.17 per
cent of water. ¦ ¦ , ' ¦ - V . ,:
The average percentage of .water in
meats, of course, Is" not so high; but after
losing 25 per cent of the meat in refuse,
the purchaser can safely. count upon hav
ing 50 per, cent of the rest of the meat
consist of water. So, after all, I in pur
chasing ; meats . in general:, in' the open
market, only about 25" per .cent of the
total i weight received can be regarded as
of nutritive value. - v ¦ : ¦ -
At the early breakfasts which Ameri
cans'are wont to indulge in. that is a
hearty , before going to -their dally
work, the omission of meat is. to be
earnestly advised. Many of the ordinary
breakfast foods are to be preferred,
especially oatmeal, with sugar and cream,
and this, together with a couple of eggs,
a, few slices of toast and a cup of cotiee,
makes a breakfast which is entirely suf
ficient for the man' of sedentary employ-
ment, and with a little addition of mate
rials of the same kind quite enough for
a laboring man. '¦
In so far. as actual nourishment is con
cerned, the very cheapest and best that
can be secured is presented by the cereals,
viz. : Indian corn, .wheat, oats, rye, rice,
etc. These bodies contain all the nourish
ment necessary to supply the waste of
the body and the energy and heat neces
sary 'to all animal ¦ functions and ' hard
labor, in a- form well suited to digestion
and capable not only of maintaining the
body in a perfect condition, but also of
furnishing the energy necessary to the
hardest kind of manual labor.
' The waste material in cereals is very
small, and as; compared with that in
meats, there is practically none at all. In
fact, the ordinary wastes, such as the
bran and germ, are among the most
nutritive components of . the cereals, and
both- health and. economy would. be con
served; as a rule, ; by their consumption
instead oi' rejecting them as in the ordi
nary processes of milling. ;
The ordinary cereals of commerce con-
marketed in time to prepare for next
season's crop of celery.
Though even a careless cultivation of
celery will bring some returns,, the indus
try demands great care and attention if it
is to yield the highest profits. The seed
comes principally fro,m wholesale growers
TEN years or so ago the land around
Westminster, in Orange County,
was a mere swamp, overgrown
with willows and tules, and haunt
ed by nocks of wild fowl. The
drier parts served as feeding grounds for
hundreds of wild hogs, which grew fat
upon the rich and abundant vegetation.
The hunting of these hogs afforded the
young men of the neighborhood plenty
of good sport. By and by it was obsorv
eU that the hogs were able to keep in
good condition at all seasons because of
the great quantity of wild celery grow
ing in the peat-lands. The idea occurred
to some reflective farmers that land so
well suited to the growth of wild celery
and incidentally to the fattening of wild
hogs ougrht to be convertible Into some
thing more profitable than a mere hunt
ing ground; in fact, it ought to produce
cultivated celery. .
Hitherto celery had been raised chiefly
in New York, Illinois, Michigan and Flor
ida, but the consumption was increasing
so rapidly throughout the United States
that the Eastern growers were not able
to supply as much of the commodity as
was wanted. One cf the largest shippers
of celery at this time was JD. E. Smt-lt
zer. of the firm of D. E. Smeltzer & Co.,
of Kansas City, who got their supply
from a firm in Tecumseh. Mich. The de
mand for celery at last became so great
that the firm found the Michigan supply,
which ceased entirely about the middle
of November, quite inadequate. Accord
ingly Mr. Smeltzer came out to Califor
nia to look for land adapted to the cul
ture of celery, and. in conjunction with
Mr. E. A. Curtis, now general manager
of the vegetable department of the Earl
Fruit Company, experimented on a tract
of land to the south of Westminster, but
unsuccessfully. Mr. Curtis, however,
clung to the idea and persuaded the Earl
Fruit Company to take up the project.
At this time celery was raised for the
Los Angeles market by a few Chinese
gardeners, who produced in small quan
tities a vegetable of only moderate qual
ity. Some of these Chinese gardeners
were hired and work began on a tract of
eighty acres, the Earl Fruit Company
paying the rent of the land, digging
wells and supplying the seed and nec
essary implements. But the white la
borers in the district were ill disposed
toward the Chinese, whom they annoyed
and intimidated so that it was hard to
keep them, at work. The white men car
ried their bad feeling to the length of
setting fire to the buildings of the Earl
Fruit Company and carrying off the im;
plements of cultivation. Yet, in spite of
all these hindrances, a crop was raised
and about fifty carloads of celery were
shipped to New York and Kansas City.
Though the damage to the crop from lack
of proper cultivation had been serious,
and though considerable expense had
been incurred in affording police protec
tion to the Chinese laborers, the venture
showed a small gain, demonstrating that
under favorable conditions the industry
would be highly profitable.
Taking advantage of this experiment,
Mr. Smeltzer, after diligent search, de
cided that the peat-lands of Orange
County were most suitable for celery
growing. He bought twenty acres and
found the returns from them so satis
factory that he now controls, either .as
owner or lessee. 500 acres, and is the
largest grower and shipper in California;
while the Kansas City firm of which he
is managing partner is the greatest ship
per of celery in the world. The Smelt
zer celery ranch is about ten miles to tho
west of Santa Ana and is one of the
largest enterprises of its kind in the
United States. A branch line of the
Southern Pacific Railway runs to the
ranch, which has a depot of its own
named Smeltzer's Station. The crop ia
generally sent to market from November
15 to March 15; and, as soon as it is dis
posed of, cabbages are planted, which are
THt. present high prices of meat have
led to many inquiries concerning tha
possibility of securing cheaper food
products which may be regarded as
substitutes for the high-priced
meats. Vegetarianism is likely to become
the fad if the present prices continue, not
bo much by reason of any superior merit
of its principles as because economical
considerations compel its adoption.
There is 1 no doubt of the fact that meat
eating is not essential to human life, and
that man can be nourished, and well nour
ithed, without resorting to a flesh diet.
The principal argument for the use of
meat is based upon taEte, since it is ad
mitted by all that the function of foods,
bo far as the human animal is concerned
at least, extends considerably beyond tho
necessities of nutrition.
Food is a factor in social economy and
an Important one in domestic economy.
Not only do we demand that our food be
nutritious, but also that it be palatable.
Just at the present time, however, the
necessities of nutrition are pre-eminent,
and questions are presented which de
mand careful scientific and technical
study.
Without going into the question of the
cause of the high prices, it will b.e th-3
purpose of this article to set forth some
of the general principles upon which the
nutrition of man depends and to suggest
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CELERY
GROWING IN
CALIFORNIA
3Remarks— North plays with good Judg
ment. It is, in exceptional cases, better to
give partner a strengthening card In his
proclaimed suit than to lead the trump
he has asked for, and it la nearly always
right to give partner a chance— as North
did here— to dear up his hand before an
swering his trump call.
At trick eleventh West leads flve cf dia
monds/ which South ruffs with flve of
clubs.
Tricks twelve and thirteen— South leads
with ace of hearts, West raffs with nlns
cf clubs and leads the queen.
At tricks 8, 7, 3 and 9 South leads two
rounds of trumps and then his hearts,
forcing West's hand.
Trick five— North of course goes en with
hearts, giving South the advantage of the
finesse against East.
strengthening card in preference to the
trump. Had North answered tha call at
this point he would have lost two tricks.
Trick four— South suit must be hearts,
and North prefers to lead South the
one or the other must have held six orig
inally, which North considers is most un
likely. >,.<.£
call or signal is a terra usually
I applied only to a request for trumps.
I The simple call for trumps Is given
I by the play of an unnecessarily high
card and then a low one when you are
making no effort to win the trick. For
Instance. If you play the seven to ace led,
and to the king led the duce, you have
reversed the usual order of play. It is a
recognized convention of the game that
you have asked partner to lead you a
trump a.t the first opportunity. When you
do this you should be reasonably certain
of making the odd trick at least. Strange
cs it may seem, one of the most difficult
things for a beginner Is to recognize a
Blgnal for trumps, and it Is not an uncom
mon thing to hear the remark, "I know
what a signal Is, but I never see It." If
the student will only try registering the
cards as they fall and not gaze into his
hand, he cannot fall In time to recog
nize a signaL By registering, I mean the
student should mentally call the cards to
himself as they fall. Then if he finds his
partner or opponent has played a lower
BY MTwS. XL F. SCHELL.
Fine players rarely make use of the sig
nal in its simplest form. There are many
ways of Informing your partner that you
desire a trump led. If you pass a doubt
ful card it shows you hold four trumps,
Your only object in calling for trumps Is
to enable you to bring In a long suit or
protect master cards In other suits, and
you will ask for trumps Just as promptly
to make your partner's suit as your own.
You should be careful about calling* upon
the opponents' lead, as they will see your
signal as well as your partner, and they
will play for a ruff or force you and in
every way try to take advantage of the
Information you have given them. If you
have a chance of getting in yourself it is
often better not to expose your strength
.until you are In a position to do so. ! You
often start a signal for trumps on oppo
nents' lead, and from the fall of the cards
you may be satisfied that It would be dan
gerous to complete it, and In that casa
you should abandon it.
card on the second round he has finished
his call. The mere fact of holding four
or five trumps la not sufficient reason for
Issuing the command.
A LESSON ON THE CALL FOR TRUMPS IN WHIST
whoops an* no rannlkaboo slambangln"
about with six-shooters by way of pree
lim'narles. The rango boss Is thar as
serene as a church. Him an' this Bill
comes to a prompt enderstandln*. The
range boss su'gests twenty paces, an' me
to give the signal to open the balle by
crackin* off my Colt's.
" 'Or,' says the range boss to this Bill,
'you-all can make her closter, ' Jest as
strikes your fancy. When I says twenty
paces, that : a-way, that's merely a
su'gestioh.'
" 'Twenty paces,' observes this Bill,
'would be my notion to a white chip if
it's cl'arly onderstood that once tha war
Is on each gent is free to advance an'
flre at will.' |
"'Shore!' agrees, the range boss. 1
takes it sech "onderstandlnV is inferred.
Thar would be mighty little sense in
equlppin* a gun with six champers if
gents Is then goln' to tie themse'fs down
to one.'
"Tharupon these two sports measures
off the distance, splittln' the sun between
'em as squar'ly as you could cut a deck
of kyards. Then they stands up, thumbs
in their belts an' guns in the scabbards.
They shore makes as beautiful a picture
of two clean strain gents as ever I hopes
to meet. The range boss, broad, steady,
honest, seems as equar* a party as ever
buckles on a belt, while this Bill,. thin,
sharp, with gllntin* eyes like sparks an*
face as white as a gambler's shirt, shore
looks like he's thar to slay. I gives 'cm
a moment or so to fully get thar eyes on
each other an' on no thin' else; the same
bein' needful to good shootin', this last
beln' a art wherein concentration counts.
As they stands thar, ready, I pauses ten
seconds an' cuts loose the signal.
"That dooel is a triumph. The range
boss don't shoot but once, for this Bill's
first bullet goes through his forehead.
That one shot is plenty, however, for It
cuts the big artery In this Bill's neck an*
his case Is closed an' his sperlt en its
eternal travels as fast as blood can flow.
This Bill starts toward the range boss
with the flre, an* ha begins to fall for
•ard with the first step. The range boss,
dead In his moccasins like a shock of
lightnln', stands totterin' before he crip
ples down. An', speak of quick gun work!
Son, with that range boss standln' an*
this Bill fallin', the latter, still shoots up
the range boss three more times. I'm
nacherally watchin', and the flre simply
part in a war-jig which comes off bo
decorous an' quiet. Thar's no oaths nor
assoomes. 'You-all can tell this yera
Wilson gent,' he says, 'that I regret tfie
lynchin'-of the Deacon as much as him
se'f. The boys gets impulsive after he
plugs m© an' ropes up the Deacon in a
sperlt of onthinkln' zeal; I'd have stopped
'em If I could. They oughter have left it
for me an* the -Deacon to settle at our
leesure. But they 'don't? an' • now that
can't be he'ped none. All I can say is,
that I'm^ free to make arrangements
agree'ble to this brother Bill Wilson, an*
that I applauds \ his mission in these
parts. To fell the, trooth, I've been loot-
In' for him to Bhow up any time these
two weeks.'
"It's then flggered out by ma an* tha
rango boss that he'll ride up to my camp
not an hour behind my return.. That'll
grant this Bill time to frame himse'f up
for events. :
" 'An' say to this brother Bill,' says the
range boss, 'that I'll not bring a trbbp of
admlrln' adherents at my hocks; Til come
alono, an' ¦ he won't run no resk of the
Deacon's finish In case he outlucks or
outshoots me with the guns.'
"Son, I. reiterates that I never takes
THIS YERE NIGHT, HOWEVEB, WILSON GETS C0IDI00NI0ATIVB, AN* TELLS ALL ABOUT HTMSE'*^
"I must say I'm mighty gratified with
the range boss an' the attitoodo he
"No, I don't remonstrate agin the re
vengeful schemes of this Bill.. An* I'm
speshul silent when I hears how his
mother sort o* set her heart on tha
obliteration of the range boss. Old ladles
gets my sympathy right along, an' I
allers agrees in the most onquestionln'
fashion to whatever they demands. .
"When this Bill's enterprise of venge
ance got down to the turn I never be
holds a racket which, while plumb cour
teous an' on the level, gets pulled off so
commonplace. We're camped one evenin'
—the mules an> me an' this Bill— by a
water hole, an' the ranch, over which
this yere offendin' range boss preevails,
lays off a hour's ride to one side. At this
Bill's request, I rides over an* explains
things to the range boss. This Bill puts
it up that he don't want to Bee the place
nor the cottonwood where the Deacon
gets swung off, for fear he'll lose his
temper an* conduct himse'f onbecomln' a
gent an' a cow puncher. Wheref ore I
rides over . to the ranch, like I states, a
depootatlon of one, to confer with the
range boss, notify him of this Bill's mis
sion, an' organize details so, no matter
what happens, It's goin' to be a credit. '
Swell bridesmaids, who bring their ewn
elaborate dresses, are also willing to be
hired. Their presence among strangers is
sure to elicit wonder and admiration,
which is exactly what those who like a
showy wedding desire.
Very rich-looking ¦** twm are even made
of paper— body, sugar work and floweis as
well. Bo carefully turned eut are they
that closer inspection than Is generally
granted a bride cake Is necessary to dis
cover the deception.
The paper productions are cheap, and
are to be purchased— not aired. A tew
shillings, ft Is said, will buy a beautiful
Imitation of a ten-guinea cake. Amnrlrsj
is responsible for their introduction.
Actually bridal gowns and veils may be
.borrowed—an economical proceeding tot
brides who cannot afford a big sum ea a
dress that Is Intended for a few hours*
wear. _,
Where a dummy ealce Is used there is al
ways a small ona to distribute among tha
guests, otherwise tha handsom* sham
would be regarded with suspicion. A cer
tain confectioner has generally thre* or
four imposing property calces on hand.
When a rood order is given for swats
and pastry for tha wadding feast, a shaza
bridecake may be lent frs« to «"«"«nt
tha festive board.
Genuine cakes are sometimes hired
merely for table ornamentation. When
theaa have lost their freshness they ara
cut up by tha confectioner for sala by th«
pound.
The "cake" is simply a round of cork
eight Inches deep and about the size of a
small cheese. This Is enameled white
and thinly Iced, piles of ornaments crown
ing it; foliage and flowers embellish tha
sides — altogether a magnificent article for
purposes of show. As the fee for its tem
porary possession is some few shillings,
it proves a very profitable property.
Cakes of the massive order may be
loaned, which possibly are not cakes at
all. Nothing is there genuine about them.
save the Icing and the sugar cupids. One
bridecake has graced the breakfast tables
of all sorts and conditions of brides, hav
ing been on the rounds for over two years,
and with a little touching up seems as
fresh and delectable as ever.
Then there is the wedding cake. Few
brides are so humble that they cannot ob
tain some sort of cake for the occasion;
but the grand cake, the huge confection
with Its lofty ornaments and orange
wreaths, its cupids and silver leaves, is
the one that It borrowed.
"I saw the lot tastefully arranged about
the room, the borrowed ones ticketed with
names of imaginary donors. Quite a crowd
had gathered to see the wedding presents, <£
which made a brava array. I warrant .
many of the youns lady admirers felt
envious at the particular good fortune of
the bride. How they would enjoy them
selves If they knew the source from which
the most handsome articles had been de
rived!"
This la not an exceptional case, the loan-
Ing of wedding presents having become
quite a trade.
Speaking of a recent wedding which
caused some sensation In the particular
locality, the silversmith said: "A descrip
tion of the wedding gifts occupied half
a column of newspaper print, one-third
of the articles being borrowed from my
establishment. Others were from differ
ent houses, and most likely a dozen or so
were really presents.
For Instance, a silver teapot of antique
design has been out over thirty times and
Is good as new; teaspoons, carvers, mar
ble clocks, etc, are in constant demand,
and as the goods are merely on show for a
few days they come back unimpaired.
r^t SILVERSMITH observes that ha
f I makes more money by loaning ar
f— I tides than in the legitimate way of
*• I business. All kinds of silver and
fancy ornaments are borrowed to
make a grand show In the present-room.
Many articles still in his shop have real
ized their value over and over again, and
are yet in condition for further service,
says an English Journal. -
osintenxptcd. Pat his arm down by his
edde as In hours of peace tn' tha var'ous
muscles tort o' slides on the rase" fs that
a-wey an* closes the bullet-hole up. That
probe Is barred. Whereupon Peets gives
It out that accoosed tells tha trooth an'
certainly shoots his man after the latter
Is In p'sltlon to wage war. That settles
It; we throws him loose.
Tfcanzpen Peets prodooces one of them
Jim-crow devices ha calls a 'probe' an'
ester* upon some experiments. When tha
£cp*rted's arm Is extended, same as when
a (eat shoots, tha bullet-hole Is clean an'
M Ton say his arm is uj>f says Peets.
The culprit asserts that ha does. Then,'
¦ays Peets, the trooth Is easy to run
down, Gents, the facts In this matter
ain't ctmped a minute ahead.'
*" 'At that/ cays aceoosed, 1 only ex
ceed* this person I downs by a h'ar. Ha
has bis arm up an' his weepon p'lnted.
He's organised for & center shot, but he's
hit to hard he's cons before ha ever gets
sxticn/
be ttk*s back^tha six-shooter, *no ele
ments of deeUVratlon about your gun
** Thar shore dent seem,' says Jack, as
"Acooosed, &t tha word, makes a move
¦o Quick It baffles the gaze of tha commit
tee; he has the empty Iron on Jack before'
ever you might bat your eye. Speak of
beta* •oesi Llghtnin' Is preposterous com
pered to him.
"Jack Moore takes tha cartridges outen
his pictol an* tells tM« rapid flre party to
belt en the empty weepon. 'Now,' says
Jack, let's see how soon you can come to
the front with that.' ,
" 'Because he's a heap more slothful
than me,' eays the culprit. 'I'm a mighty
nervous person an' plenty abrupt with a
run.*
"When the Stranglers comes down to
consider this incident, the gent who does
the shootln* allows departed gets to his
"hardware first an* forces his hand. He
eays he slams away In se'f defense.
" 'But If he acquires his gun first,' says
Enrlght. who's dealin* the game for the
Btranglers, 'how comes it you're the first
to get In your stack?'
"Thar they be: the killer an' his prey.
The dead gent is piled up on his face, an'
his Elx-shooter layin' loose on the grass
near his right hand. The bullet, when
Peets looks for It, goes In onder his right
erm an' crosses over an* locates itse'f
most likely in his heart; an* as this yere
last is commonly fatal, he peters out.
"This time Doc Peets proves how free
from stain the sun-Ivor is, occurs when
two parties pulls off a shootin' In tha
night. Both is more or less strangers to
the camp, an* the appearance of neither
ain't what you-all, gropin' for a word,
would term 'reassurin'.' They shore does
look like felons, both of 'em. It's out
back of the Dance Hall one evenin' when
a gun barks once, short an* sharp it Is,
like the bark of a dog. With the cur'os-
Ity which preevails in frontier camps, a
passel of us who ain't busy over faro
bank nor other engrossln* subjects san
ters forth to see who does it an" who's
downed. Beln* but one shot, of course,
we saveys that some gent gets stopped
for grood.
} y OU-ALL recalls." observed the Old
/ f Cattleman, turning to me one,
M evening with an air wherein amia
/""^ bility and a willingness for story
telling seemed evenly active,
"you-all recalls how I speaks recent of
this yere Wild Bill Hickox as a sort o'
nacheral born sharp with a sixshooter?
Thar's a big difference, that a-way in
folks. One gent's long suit Is bein' quick
on the pull; another Is plumb vehement
an' rapid in shakin' the lead outen his
gnn; another is so shore a shot that at
any distance, long or short, he'll kill oft
ener with one cartridge than most gents
•would with all six; while thar's still
others who couldn't hit their pard across
a poker tuble an' blaze away a week. As
I states, thar's a mighty sight of differ
ence in folks. /
"Speakin" of sharps who's quick, we ex
periences one of thefse yere flash-light
people in Wolfvillo once, an* he's that
deft an' lively with his Colt's it comes
clost to stickin' his nose in a noose. The
problem holds the Stranglers in a tangle
throughout the time of two drinks. It's
Doc Peets who solves the play an* show3
¦us how thai, gent should go free. Peets is
a great scientist, son; as I looks back'ard,
I'm free to remark that, bar Colonel
fiterett. Doc Peets is the finest eddicated
ecul who ever uplifts the mental average
cf Arizona.
Copyright, 1902. by Robert Howard
Russell.
HIRED SILVER AND
SHAM CAKES AT
THE WEDDING
FEAST.
thief. Thai's no Jestlficatlon for that; It's
onf a'r an' dishonorable an' this range boss
party who floor-manages the outrage has
done got to explain It away to my gun.
What I resents is the hangin' of the
Deacon an' not the fact of his death. Be
sides my mother over in Hlllsboro allows
6he won't rest easy none while this
range boss party lasts. The Deacon's
the old lady's pet, an' hangin' him up in
a cottonwood that a-way has got her all
wrought up.'
" 'It ain't so much that my brother gets
done,' eays this Bill as he converses along
in response to them sundry queries I lets
fly, 'but it's the fashion .wherein they
turns the trick on him. . If this range boss
person had gone to a show down with the
Deacon-Kthis Bill Ellers alloodes to his
brother as "the Deacon,' 'cause he's re
ligious a whole lot an' long ago j'ines the
church)— an* simply shoots it out with
him, face 1 to face an* gent to gent, I
wouldn't now be pirootin' about thlnkln*
of vengeance an* aimin' at skelps. While
I might deplore the Deacon's takin' off,
I'd realize that It's accordln to roole an'
dismiss It from my mind. But this yere
Is not the tale; the Deacon's strung up to
a cottonwood limb like a common hoss
"One evenin' when we're ten days out
from Tascosa, this Wilson is settin' by
the fire, quiet an* keen. He's a lean,
quick gent, with gray eyes an' a Jaw
which is broad at the angles, an* sharp
at the p'int, the same as the jaws of
dead game gents frequent Is. This Wil
* in ain't much of a hand to converse, an*
so far, he ain't embosomed himse'f touch
in' his purpose or his dest'nation. I don't
ask; for as I lays bar' former, Inquis'tive
ness is mighty bad manners in the South
west. This yere night, however, Wilson
gets commoonicative an' tells all about
himse'f, an' the cow outfit he's ridin' for
on the Brazos when he's on his own prop
er range. Partlc'lar, he informs me that
he's right now engaged on a revengeful
scout for a' party who kills off his brother;
an' when he mentions names, I discovers
that his brother is the cottonwood cow
boy an' that it's the range boss with the
wounded arm he's layin' for. I don't, for
myse'f, let on none I've met up with these
two gents— his brother an' that range
boss. It's a good system to let every
sport rope, saddle an* ride his own cay
ouse; I don't aim. to go about augumentin'
feuds by vain details about what I knows.
This Bill, however, talks so much on this
yere one partic'lar evenin' concernin' his
relative's takin* off an' the smoky thlng3
he reckons he'll do by way of retaliation,
that to be p'lite I asks a trivial question
or eo Jest to let on I'm Interested.
"It's mighty likely months ago when I
mentions to you, casual, about when I
swings over to a ranch for mule rations,
an* gets ag*inst a defunct cow-puncher
hangin' in a cottonwood — lynched he is —
an' the range boss trackin' about the
home ranch with . his arm wropped up
an* the blood still wet from a new bul
let-hole. It's that wounded range boss
Bill Wilson comes no'th to meet
"It's powerful lonesome on the plains,
en* frelghtin' alone like I be, the s'dety
of a decent seemin' sport comes as a re
lief. So It's arranged, an* Wilson mounts
his pony— a mighty excellent bronco,
too, she is— an' comes rackin* along.
"Which you won't pay for no grub with
me,' I retorts, 'an' you're plumb welcome
to g:o as far as you likes at that. I'll call
it squar* for your company.' '
'"Pard/'he says, 'I'm travelin' your
trail an' if you-all don't mind, I'll b'ar
you company. I'll pay for my chuck,' he
rays.
"It's when I'm leavin' Tascosa with a
eight-mule team an' plntin' out for Vegas
this Wilson accosts me, I'm Jest step
pin* Into the saddle on my nigh wheel
mule— pore old Tom, 'it is.
"Shore, I 'approves of revenge. It's *
virchoo; revenge Is; an' twin brother to
gratitoode. They're both cut from the
came piece of leather an' belong together
like : two stirrups on the same saddle.
This Bill Wilson Is out for a party who
rubs out his brother. An' as I intimates
he . meets with success on the round-up.
"But the yarn I has my mental lariat
on at the start Is a heap different. It
comes off at another time an' place. It's
enly a aneckdote of Bill Wilson's re
venge. Likewise it's as simple as calf
brandin'. This Bill Wilson, I learns later,
has gome fame in the Brazos ''country as
a shore, and sudden person with his ar
tillery. No; I don't encounter him along
the Brazos. When I sees him, he's 'way
no'th on the Canadian. He's rode hun
dreds of miles to get revenge. An' ha
gets it: an' cashes in with his life at the
same time. •
BILL WILSON OF
THE BRAZOS
"Shore, It pleases the old mother back
In Hlllsboro. I hears now, when she's
told of this Bill's strong work, she ups
en' has two flower prop'sitlons construct
ed In big frames an' hangs 'em up on the
wall; one for the Deacon an* one for Bill."
comes streamln' from thi3 Bill's muzzle.
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
There ¦will appear on. this page next week the first of a series of articles by an expert" photogra
pher on "Photographic Pointers, for Amateurs." If you have a camera— -and of course you have— it -will
be to your interest to cut out these articles as they, are published and preserve ithem for reference. They
will be clear, direct^ - and of the greatest practical value in enlightening you on just those points
that have puzzled you in taking andmaking good pictures. Remember— next Sunday comes the : first
paper. Look out for it! -':' ; ¦
New Feature of Interest to Photographers
Trick three-North keeps up the spades,
as he .has but one trump, and thinks It
best to give South another discard. If
either East or "West Is void of spades, then
Trick two— North very Judiciously re
fuses to the calL Ha can safely
go on with spades and give%is partner an
other discard. North has no re-entry and
feels he, must make the spades now or
not at alL
South.
'* H.--A, JC, 10, 9, 8.
C — A TC 10 B 4.
D.— 10. 9,'s. " '
Tk. N. E. S. W.
jL *Qs Ba 8d 2a
2. "As 7s . Sd 6s
3. *Ks 83 lOd 9i
6. 2c -n 7c »Ao 3c
I 3s ) 2d »Kc 6o
8. 4s - Qh *PCh K>»
\ft fd ?f 10 I b h Jg
II S8 S 4 C
id. Jd Ad 10c *Qc
North and South 9, East and "West 4.
Star denotes winning card.
. Trick one-South makes tha singla dis
card call.
or three strong ones. If you refuse to be
forced by partner, or pass a sure winning
card, it is an imperative call for trumps.
One of the best trumps signals is mads
by a single discard. Tha discard of an
eight or abova of a suit not yet led
would be a command for trumps. *
The effectiveness of this trump signal
lies In tha fact that it is made by the
play of a single card, and if partner, is in
at the time, the call is answered at once,
without giving the opponents an oppor
tunity to take advantage of the Informa
tion in any way. This single-card call by
discard Is particularly forcible If made
early In the play of the hand. If made
late In the. hand, It Is subject to certain
modifications made evident by the former
play..
There are certain conditions under
which you may refuse'to answer the call,
especially if N made late in' the hand, if
your • right-hand opponent also completes/
a call at the same time, , or by his play
shows strength In trumps. In this case
it would be disastrous, as you would be
leading up to the calling, hand. | *
If, however, it Is your left-hand adver
sary who has also called, you of course
lead your best trump through' him, as the
position is in your favor and the very re
verse . of the : former. It : i» Just as im-
portant to know, what card to lead in an
swer to a call as to sea a call. In my
next article I will, give the rules that gov
ern the different holdings and • the trump
echo.
Refusing to answer the call. Three of
clubs trumps, Bast to lead.'
_, B.— A, K, Q. 4, «.
West. ' . East.
S.—9, 6, 2. . B.-J, 10. 8, 7, 5.
H.-5. 3. 2. J H.— Q, 7, i.~ /
C.-Q, J, 9, 8. 6, 8. <"-7.
D.-V D.—A, K, Q, 2.
4rested and later searched all my private
correspondence and business papers; from
which they gained much . knowledge of
my affairs. I had a number of things
•which seemed Incriminating - perhaps;
among them, three copies of Stead's Re
view of -Reviews,, which I -had : - received
from the Mayor of the city, who had
them 4 in his possession In violation of
martial law. - Imagine how I felt as they
took . me to the - commandant's office — I
who .' had-; always : beenia free man and
who- had;* even been made a Justice of
the Peace in the place. As I came In they
"The next day the commandant earn*
and. granted me bail In the sum of $10,000,
and I saw that being an American citizen
counted for protection, at least. I was
released on bail . and required to go to
Graaf Reinert, where the military court
was held for my trial. I had no means of
tngton on my way Home: TK your case
had come up In our Civil War you would
have been shot, almost to a certainty.'
"So that ends the African experience
of a man as guiltless of the charge of
spying as any man in existence."
* *T-'- A T/FTEFm DEZENDORF.
CT\ HROUGH a raging storm, with a
I maniac engineer at the throttle of
' I the locomotive, sped the Grand
1 Trunk international limited express
J^ train one night last week with hun
dreds of passengers aboard.
No stops were made. The train whirled
by Btations bo fast that to the terrorized
passengers they seemed but blurs of light.
On, en flashed the long line of swaying
coaches, dragged by the demoniac loco
motive that left a cloud of black smoke
and twinkling sparks In its wake. For 68
miles, from Goodells to Flint, the wild
train eped without a stop.
The throttle "vras wide open, the rate of
epeed was sometimes fully 70 miles an
hour, and the stalwart man who stood
ever It was ghastly pale, wild-eyed and
oete'rroined. The fireman tried to circum
vent him by planning for the steam to
pet low, but with the cunning. of the In
sane, the engineer divined his purpose,
end forced him to feed the coal into the
Astounded Etation agents, almost swept
from their feet as they stood on their
platforms and caw the train sweep by in
:ts mad flight, wired the train dispatcher
that something was wrong with the lim
ited: that she was making no stops and
was going at a terrific speed, and that
her engineer was either dead or crazy.
Hastily the track ahead was cleared.
Fr&ight and passenger trains were
ehunted on sidings. and the flying
Etreak of coaches was given right of way.
There was no possibility of stopping the
train. All that could be done was to
keep the track clear and trust to fortune
that something would bring the runaway
to a stop.
The fireman lived a lifetime every mo
ment. It seemed, as he waited for the end.
Of course it would be madness to Jump,
but he fancied that would be his only
chance for life. ; _
He crouched, shaking as If with the
chill of death, whiter than the crazed en
gineer, who now and then glared at him
threateningly. -
At intervals, in obedience to a com
manding gesture of the maniac, the fire
man threw open the door of the coalbox
and tossed shovelfuls of coal Into the
roaring furnace.
At one time the fireman conceived the
desperate scheme of pushing the engin
eer from the cab if he should for a mo
ment leave his post at the throttle.
The chance never came. The engineer
stood like a figure of steel at his post.
He trpoke not a word, and the only time
he moved was when he gestured for more
CO 2-1
Everything on board was all right when
the train drew away from Port Huron.
"Billy" Brown of Battle Creek, one of
the old stand-by engineers of the road,
was at the throttle. It was just after the
train passed through the tunnel under the
Et Clair River, only a few miles out of
Port Huron, that the crew and passengers
began to notice the peculiar conduct- of
the engineer, as shown by the eccentric
movements of the train.
First came a burst of epeed. Then the
brakes were applied with a suddenness
that sent passengers tumbling over seat
backs. Those who left their seats in ex
citement were hurled headlong to the
floor. As the miles were passed the speed
increased, the rain beat upon the car win
dows and great flashes of lightning made
the sky lurid with their recurrent glow.
Helpless and pale, the passengers sat
clinging to their seats, believing that they
must soon meet with some terrible acci
dent. It seemed impossible for the train
to remain on the rails, and the passengers
were tossed from Bide to side as the
curves were rounded. A sullen roar could
be heard as a freight train on a siding
was passed; a flash would tell that a sta
tion had been left in the wake of the fly
ing train.
From Capac, where the first stop was
scheduled, but past which the train
whirled, without so much as a warning
whistle, messages were sent on ahead to
Imlay City, Lapeer, Davidson and Flint
tc clear the track. Freights were side
tracked and passenger trains were held
up.
Imlay City was passed at hurricane
speed. Members of the crew tried to climb
over the tender to the engine cab, but the
train rocked 60 fast that they were forced
to give up the attempt.
The city of Lapeer flashed by, a long
stream of twinkling lights. Davidson ap
peared and vanished.
The word had gone out that No. 5 was
being driven by a crazy engineer, and
though the hour— 11:07 p. m. — was late,
the depot platform was crowded with
spectators to see the wildcat train, and
the limited went by at seventy miles an
hour.
Without the sound of a bell the old en
gine came around the curve and into the
Flint yards, nearly a mile away from' the
station. Slowly, oh so slowly, to the anx
ious watchers, the headlight drew nearer
as the train crept in under brakes. Men
belonging to other engines stood ready to
board the locomotive if she did not stop at
the station; but slower and slower, as the
airbrakes were set and the throttle was
closed, the heavy train, with its load of
frightened passengers, came to a dead
stop.
On board the train It had at first been
supposed that the locomotive had suffered
an accident. The . truth was disclosed
when the conductor and brakeman went
forward. :-f..-v -
There they . saw Brown at his post,
erect and looking ahead. The fireman was
throwing In coal. No one could under
stand what was the matter. The con
ductor cried out at Brown, but he paid no
heed.
The fireman looked up to explain mat
ters. Brown grasped him by the neck
and threw him back violently. .
Then those who watched gained the first
hint that Brown -had gone insane.
The distance between the baggage car
and the tender was several feet. One of
the men attempted to reach the tender.
He would have fallen and been ground
Into bits had his companions not caught
him. Other attempts were equally fruit
less. . '
It finally became evident that no one
would be able to cross, and the men slm-
RIDING ON AN EXPRESS TRAIN AT SEVENTY
MILES AN HOUR WITH A CRAZY
ENGINEER AT THE THROTTLE
ply stood there, watching engineer and
fireman as the glare from the open fire
box lighted up the interior of the cab,
waiting for the end.
No one knows what wild plans were
formed in Brown's crazy mind. Perhaps
he thought that some great heroic en
deavor was demanded by him, and knew
he was facing death just as well as '.his
fireman knew it.
Equally mysterious is the motive which
finally induced him to bring the train to
a standstill.
His condition when relieved indicated
plainly that he had been under a heart
breaking strain, one that in Itself might
have wrecked a healthy mind.
The passengers, crying aloud in their
excitement, poured out of the coaches as
though afraid the mad engineer would
open the throttle and whirl them away
again.
"Our engineer is crazy!" was the cry
from dozens of throats, while others were
so overcome by excitement that they
could-hot speak. Some were found, how
ever, who could give the story of their
thrilling ride at seventy miles an hour.
Engineer Brown was ill when taken
from the cab by the railroad men and
carried into the station. His face was
ghastly, his eyes staring into vacancy.
Hjs fireman, William Hodgson, weak and
trembling, sat on the opposite side of the
cab, so unstrung that it was some min
utes before he could tell his story.
» "We were just out of Goodells," j he
finally said, "when Brown began to act
queer. I never saw anything like it and
it frightened me, for I had heard of en
gineers going insane and driving their
engine like mad, with open throttle and
a full head of steam.
"When I began to let th© steam go
down in the hope that the train would
slow down enough for some One to board
us. Brown insisted upon my firing up;
As he is so much larger and more power
ful than I, the matter of tackling him
and trying to overpower him did not ap
peal to me.
"Brown kept me at the firebox throw
ing in the coal for all I was worth and
sending the train at a rate of speed I
never traveled at before and do cot wish
to travel at again.
"If ever I lifted my voice In prayer It
was when I saw the train slacken speed
as it came into the Flint yard, almost
hoping against hope that a stop would be
made, and when the brakes were put on
I almost shouted with joy."
The hundreds of excited passengers
. stood around the train, and It required
some coaxing . to • get them into the
coaches again. Engineer George Cassady
of this city, driver of the yard engine,
was placed on the passenger locomotive
and took the train throueh to Battle
Creek, the end of the division.
Brown was carried on the train and
taken to his home in .Battle Creek. A
commission of physicians has decided
that the engineer was made temporarily
Insane from smoking a pipe too much and
that he will recover his mind. It was
learned that he suffered from a similar
attack while off duty and at home three
weeks ago. He will probably never again
be allowed to touch a throttle.— New York
World. ;.
of course. One of the Boers surrendered »
ttiat day and told the English officers of
our meeting. Then it was that my trou
bles began.
"Next morning, October 12, 1901, I was
busy with seven patients, in my office
when one Wilson, the commandant there,
came to arrest me. Before this, fortu
nately, in some way I had sent my wife
with most of my money to America. I
was in absolute ignorance as to what they
wanted. I thought perhaps they came
to buy some horses or commandeer them.
'Something more Important than your'
business is on hand,' was the reply when
I said that I was very busy. This Wil
son was one of the many grocery men or
merchants whom the Britsh made ths
grave mistake of advancing to the rank
or office of commandants. Their local
prejudices worked havoc in many ways
and cases, especially when martial law
made a great change in caste and author
ity. Many troubles were largely due to
these petty "" officers. My case was only
saved by ..going to hlgher^quarters. They
took my keys from me when I was .ar-
through a capitalist of Pretoria, and of
fered him my services.
"We saw him In the drawing-room of
his Dutch style house, that compared
then with the best. He sat in a big arm
chair looking out of the window and at
m" escort's greeting of 'Morgen, Presi
dent,' he looked up at us with those in
flamed eyes set in his rather heavy face.
Th> trouble was with his eyelids and it
Increased so that almost all of his read
ing had to be done for him. To show the
spirit of the man and his cause, his first
remark after he had been told that I
wanted to do ambulance work was very
significant. He said: 'Did you bring a
gun with you? We have no use for am
bulance men, we only want men with
guns.' And In a v,-ay that seemed true,
for on their side I never saw, taken all
in all, so few casualties. In the four
months that I was at the front with them
after that doing ambulance work I my
self only saw seven dead men and my
ambulance wagons, which I called the
American train only sheltered 212 men
from seven distinct fights. It was not
long before this that I had married and
these seven engagements that I was in
were a source of great anxiety to my
wife. Most of my time was spent on a
horse right in the firing line, a red cross
on my hat and sleeve and on my back a
little package of bandages.
"During this time I met M. J. Steyn,
President of the Orange Free State.
whose wife, by the way, was a Scotch
woman, a Miss "Fraser. He was educated
in Edinburgh. When I met him his 'mov
ing capital,' as they called it, was at
Kronstadt, where the Volksraad was hav- J
ing sessions In the dining-room of the '
Palmer Hotel. Like many of the Boers
his religion was always in evidence, but
when he said grace at dinner you were
leminded that it was largely a matter of
form, for it was said so rapidly that
after the first three words it was just
a -Frist!'
"Between Bloemfontein and Brandfort I
got my first taste of a real hot engage
ment. My general was Delarey, one of
the best of the Boer generals. On one oc
casion 1 found myself right between the
Boer and English lines, with the shells
coming like hailstones. One of these* hiss
ing whls'tles seemed to single Itself nut
and come right for me. I bowed over my
horse's neck and felt the pressure of the
shell as it grazed my back. It exploded
twenty-five feet in front of my horse and
fairly blew him up in the air, but without
doing him serious injury; One rock In
those it scattered struck me.
"The horse seemed a part of the Boers,
for all of them were mounted in fighting.
A shell burst in the midst of a group Ot-
Boers not a hundred yards fronv me with
a marvelous result. The only damage was
one man with a broken collarbone and
one horse injured out of the. group of six
ty or seventy mounted men.
"A false impression that some people
have regarding the Boers is that they are
an ignorant class of men> In all my trav
els I never met, a Boer who could not
read and write. The strict regard m
which they hold their religion is one of
the causes of this condition. They are all
church members, and each churchman
must read in order to be able to pass the
confirmation examination. ,
"After the J. all of Bloemfontein I went
down to Cape Town and asked for work
in the camp hospitals. The British need
ed surgeons then, and I accepted a posi- \
tlon as medical officer on one of the large
transports bound for England. After dis
charging my cargo all right and having a j
few days to spare before my steamer
sailed to South Africa, I concluded to
take a run over to the Paris Exposition.
By a mere coincidence the next room to
mine in the Continental Hotel was occu
pied by Boer delegates. I know them all
personally and talked with them all.
which all came out and was used against
me at my 'trial after my arrest. But I
could not have furnished them any in
formation had I wished, for 1 had been
away from the Transvaal for months.
"When I got back to South Africa I set
tled down to practice at Craddock. I had
an immense practice and the Boers re
garded me as friendly. I was not molest
ed for over a year. One day I was called
out in the country. to see a sick Boer.
There I .met a commando, and M. H.
Wessels, my wife's brother, was with
them- I hadn't seen him since he went
to England to college and did not know
he was on commando. I talked with him.
txty-FIVE days and nights of
V^>. darkness in the filthy cell of a
y~ I South African prison; on the p ! > • -
fs_V third' night a voice in the blackness
4 saying:. "Are you fully aware of the
gravity of the charge against you? It
is high treason. You know what the pen
alty for that is. If you have anything to
Fay cr any mcusage to serid your wife and
children you had better attend to it."
Imagine the rest of the night as It drag
ped before the sleepless eyes of a man
guiltless as any in existence of the crime
with which he was charged. (Over the
planks that served as a bed, raised a lit
tle from the whitewash-smeared dirt
floor of the cell, there seemed to whistle
continually the ghastly flight of the bul
lets that had ended the lives of two spies
the day before. From the corners jeered
the face of the rebel Coetze. who had gone
from the same cell to be hanged not many
months before. Words cannot . tell nor
colors paint the scenes and longings that
passed through the prisoner's mind be
fore the dawning of the next day that
should bring him— perhaps but another
lingering respite, or the death accorded a
traitor.
Such a night enters into the lives of but
few men, but it flames in the memory of
Dr. R. S. Anthony, who has just rejoined
his ¦wife and family here in San Francis
co, surprising them when they were still
In doubt as to his liberation from prison.
For more than, six months he had had no
communication with or letters from
them.
Dr. Anthony's arrest and trial by the
English as a supposed spy in the interest
of the Boers created quite a sensation In
this country and it has scenes and inci
dent in its course that make the story
read like a novel. Hard as it all was for
him, it was harder for his wife, who. al
most driven crazy at the thought of her
husband's imminent peril, went to Wash
ington to urge through interviews with
Secretary Hay and a number of Senators
that justice be secured for an American
citizen. This secured the intervention of
the State Department in his behalf, and
Dr. Anthony says that his wife was pri
marily the chief factor "in bringing about
his release. Mrs. Anthony was a mem
ber of the Wessels family, one of the old
est and most prominent in Soutb Africa,
before she met her husband during his
second trip to Cape Town. She is an own
cousin of President Steyn of the Orange
Free State, and niece of C. H. Wessels,
one of the envoys from the South African
republic.
It was through one of these envoys' that
the wife first heard of the arrest and sub
sequent peril of her husband. After his
final release, Dr. Anthony, in March last,
look an English ship, coming via London
and Liverpool to New York. He did not
escape British espionage till he reached
New York, however, for he was shadowed
by an English detective. He tells his story
In an interesting way, that takes one into
exciting happenings.
"I was twice arrested and practically
sentenced to death and I spent altogether
102 days in South African prisons, an ex
perience that happily few Californlans
have had. And glad they may be that
they have not, for all African jails are
such as v.-ould be condemned here at once
as unfit for people to live in. You know
1 am a Califomian, aged 37, and my alma
mater was Coc:>er Medical College, which
1 left in 1S53, and from the University of
Michig-an I received the degree of B. S.
M. D. in 1S35. I was also a member of the
British Medical Association and had
many good friends among the English. I
went first to South Africa In 1886 and re
mained several years before returning to
America. Then in 1SS5 1 started again
fcr Cape Town, where I expected to set
tle down and practice my profession. I
took up tverk in the sanitarium and hos
pital, and when the military department
requested the use of the branch of the
Battle Creek Sanitarium at Cape Town
I gave up half of it to the use of wound
ed English officers and prominent men, I
being still in charge, and it was then I
¦was given the title of major. When the
•war broke out I applied for a position to
accompany the imperial ambulance corps,
but most of the places were appropriated
by young Englishmen and I did not know
military tactics as did the other surgeons.
Being disqualified from this I crossed the
border end it was then I met Oom Paul,
working up my case, but employed two
advocates from Cape Town, the best tal
ent In ' the colony. I was acquitted fair
and square and at once cabled the fact to
my wife, though it was. two months be
fore she>got the news.
"I then returned to Craddock, later a
hotbed of Boer rebels, and Intended to
prepare at once to come to America. I
applied to Wilson, my old friend, the
commandant who first arrested me. for a
pass to Cape Town and it was refused
me. He was indignant at my acquittal,
and as it turned out was putting In his
spare time working up other evidence
against me.
"In about three weeks I had a com
munication ordering me to return to
Graaf Reinert to be tried on a charge of
perjury. It was said that I had given
false evidence in my first trial. I went
of my own free will this time to Graaf
Reinert.
"I was thrown in prison again, among
the common prisoners of .war, but in a
jail more filthy, if possible, than the first.
A big tub stood in the little yard, where
not a blade of grass grew, and this tub
served for the bathing of all the pris
oners, if they cared to risk It. I was in
formed that death would probably be the
finish of me this time, for my case was
very grave. Commandants Scheepers
and Kritzinger occupied cells on either
side of mine. Scheepers' trial was in
progress. He was convicted, and Kritz
inger ana" I were compelled to witness
his execution.
"In fourteen days my trial came off
I defended myself, telling the truth, and
urging my American citizenship. for all I
was worth. After the trial I was put in
jail again, awaiting the decision. I was
In jail this last time thirty-seven days.
I had a chance to see what the other
prisoners were fed on. At 6 a. m. each
man received a rusty tin bowl contain
ing a little cornmeal mush. At 12 o'clock
a bowl of thin soup and a small loaf of
bread. That was the food for a day. No
wonder' the poor fellows, broke out in
cores. »
"But Bigham and other friends were
not Idle during this time, and the Gov
ernmeat did not forget me.
"On the very day on which my sen
tence was to have been pronounced my
jailer rushed in to me with a telegram
while I was in a bath, which kindness
he had extended me because of the
trouble from vermin In the place. The
dispatch was from Lord Kitchener and
read: 'Release Dr. Anthony. Xltehener.'
I had known Lord Kitchener when at
the Sanitarium and later. He la very
just and carries out always his own
Ideas of equity. The two trials cost me
personally upward of JSOOO.
"After some trouble I got a pass and
went to Cape Town and thence to Amer
ica, via England. But after all.
you can't blame them, much for
arresting me, for there were some
circumstances that must have seem
ed suspicious to them. As Secretary
Lay said to me when I saw him in Wash-
"But all this time my wife had been
working for me, and the very next day
came a dispatch from "W. R. Bigham, the
American Consul at Cape Town, saying
that he had received a cable from the
Government" at Washington to see that
justice was shown me and wanting me to
send him full particulars of my case. This
Information I sent him in a sealed en
velope under the consular service. The
seal I used was the end of my tooth brush
indented by the prongs of a fork.
"The jailer, who had known me well,
was kind and gave me some favors in re
turn for an operation which I performed
on him for a growth in the nose. Through
the kindness of the magistrate I was al
lowed to get my Instruments and removed
twenty-eight polypi from the man's nose.
In all the time I never made any move to
appeal to the American Government,
awaiting my trial, which was delayed
from time to time. On the night of the
sixty-third day the commandant came to
me In the darkness and told me that he
'supposed I realized the gravity of the
charge against me, and if I had any mes
sages I wanted to send to my wife or
family I had better prepare them and
make my will.' That was the night that
sleep and I were total strangers.
"For sixty-five days I was kept In this
living' tomb, with a practical sentence of
death hanging over me. I found that bail
was refused me. though Mrs. "Wessels. my
wife's grandmother, wired from Cape
Town that she would furnish $50,000, or
£10,000, if I were released. I was allowad
hotel fare in my captivity, for which I
had to pay $5 per day.
"The Captain of Police read from a long
blue paper something which broke Into
the suspense In which I had been kept
regarding the nature of my offense. 'You
are charged with high treason in that on
such a date you did communicate with
the enemy,' etc. That was what I lis
tened to before I answered 'not guilty* to
the charge.
" 'You will take up your abode in Jail
to-night' was all the answer I received.
I was given a little time to get a few
things from my office, and then came or
ders to put me under strict guard. I was
Eut in the close cell, where I spent sixty
ve long days with special guards, the
only man in the jail guarded by fixed
bayonets.
"The cell had neither bed, chair nor
table. The floor was of dirt, smeared
with a little whitewash, and the only
light and ventilation came through twelve
holes an inch square over the door. The
so-called bed was simply bare planks on
two pieces of scantling raised a little
from the cell floor. As I went shrinking
ly in the sergeant remarked, "This cell
was. occupied by Coetze, a rebel, who was
hanged Just a few days ago.' A pleasant
Introduction to a first night In Jail! I did
not know what evidence would be offered
against me, and I spent several nights in
trying to plan my defense.
searched me, and then I stood before the
commandant, the Captain of Police and
as attorney.
SAN FRANCISCO MAN'S ONE HUNDRED AND TWO DAYS
EXPERIENCES IN A SOUTH AFRICAN JAIL
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5"Looka here, you — - ¦ Irisha
man. You t'inka dis a — holiday?"
And. so on. - ..'.-.
The subway foreman was an Italian
just promoted from the ranks, and he
tpoke to his slaves in a lofty and insolent
tone. His gestures were profuse and vio
lent: ':• • . .
Must, Talk Only Italian.
EVERYBODY is writing nowadays,"
sighed a magazine editor, tiisgust
edly. as he ran through a pile of
manuscripts heaped up on his desk.
?'Here is a sonnet from a cabman, a story
from a policeman and an essay trom a
soapmaker at Penobscot. Me."
It is true. x All the world Is pushing the
pen or banging the typewriter, and one
never knows at what moment his best
friend may not draw a ceadly historical
novel on him or demand that he peruse a
driveling narrative of ".rustic life."
In this era of well nigh universal au
thorship there has arisen a band of un
scrupulous knaves who. with the skill of
a confidence man, endeavor to turn the
popular desire for literary fame to their
own advantage. . , .
"It is the greatest 'graft' that ever' hap
pened, my boy," said one of the most cold
blooded of these rogues, as he boasted of
his achievements. "We have our hands
on the most potent valve of the human
mind — the conceit of literary authorship —
and when we press the button the money
is sure to follow.
"We keep a sharp lookout and as soon
as we learn of an aspiring author who Is
engaged upon a 'magnum opus,* or has
"That $300 is merely a first contribution,
though. He speedily finds that, his manu
script must be thoroughly revised, cor-
"We show ' him, however, that by his
own statement he will be able to publish
at his own* risk to much better advantage
than If we offered him terms, and so he
is at last firmly hooked.
"Incautiously and ignorantly he esti
mates the number at a thousand. In
reality, if he has good luck and lots of
friends he can sell about fifty.
"Then we inform him that the expense
of publication will be about $300. which
we expect him to stand. He demurs,
whereupon we ask him how many copies
he thinks he can dispose of himself.
"Of course we adopt a 'stand offish 1
policy as soon as he begins to nibble, tell
him that we can never consider his book
until it has run the gauntlet of our read
ers and critics, but that is only for the
purpose of increasing his own belief in
its great qualities. Lord bless you, if it
is the veriest rot ever penned we wiJl
handle it. An adverse criticism upon a
book is an unknown quantity in our shop.
had one turned down by a big publisher,
we camp on his trail, and we never let up
until we land him.
"Never. That is the sole drawback to
the business. One never has the chance to
make steady connections, for our clientele
is always changing."
"Finally, when he is milked dry, we
turn over a thousand printed and bound
books to him and give our attention to a
fresh victim."
"Do they ever come back with a. second
book?"
rected and punctuated, at a cost of $100;
illustrations must be secured; the proof
must be read and a hundred other little
things done, each of which has its sep
arate fee. I may say that I never let
an author get away from me for less than
$600.
ANECDOTES AND FUNNY1SMS FROM HERE, THERE AND EVERYWHERE.
clouds of smoke from his dudheen unper
turbed. The Italian changed color, and
he averted his face nervously, but he
stood his ground and awaited the shock.
The gang stopped work instinctively.
Comment ran in a single vein as Clancy
approached the foreman.
"Pietro will lose a good job; he will
that."
"Clancy will kill the dago."
"The polls is miles away."
"Nayther wan is weakenin'."
As Clancy neared his destination sym
pathetic onlookers began to shout to him:
"Don't let the 'Ginny' pull a knife."
"Take a bowlder."
"Give him- the helve of a pick."
At length Clancy stood before the Ital
ian, who was now in a peculiar crouching
attitude'and very. pale. .The Irishman re
moved his plp« and -blew forth . more
smoke deliberately. Then in a voice that
could be heard by His comrades far and
near he sDOke:
"Boss, yez may call me thim names :n
Eyetalian only. If I come up ag'ln, I'll
fetch me pick!"
He punctuated the ultimatum with a
fresh cloud of smoke, then went back into
the excavation without another word.
Work was reluctantly resumed, ana there
were many disappointed faces. The fore-
Pian took up his duties where he had left
off. j> His voice and gestures were the
.«am'e, but his wishes were intelligible to
the Italians only.
On which side of the coachman's hat is
the cockade?
The buttons of a man's coat are on the
right side. Is- this the case with buttons
on women's wearing apparel?
How many toes or talons Jias a cat?
You may think 16 or 20. As a matter of
fact It has 18.
Into which sleeve do you put your arm
first when dressing?
It is surprising how many instances
there are in everyday life in which the
average person shows a sad lack of ob
servation. In order to test this you have
only to put one or two of the following
questions to the first man you meet and
observe his answer. You will notice that,
in most Instances, the object about which
you -make inquiries is one which yoifr
friend has seen sufficiently frequently to
enable him to give you a correct answer
had he been observant:
How many legs has a billiard table?
Mo'st people will say six. As a matter
of fact there are eight.
How many steps do you go up when
you retire at night? You probably travel
up and down the stairs at least twice a
day,, so you ought to know.
What is the number of your watch?
On the average clock are the numerals
written IV or IIII?
Are You Observant?
"I want to grow up and get rich," was
the answer. '
Mr. Greeley looked at him for a mo
ment. ¦>
looked up and saw a small boy standing
beside him.
"Well, sonny, what do you want?" he
piped.
"I want a place to work in your of
fice."
"And what do you want that for?"
i asked the old man. ,
"Get rich?" he said. "I guess you didn't
notice that this is a newspaper office. You
must be looking for the druggist next
door." "
In the Country.
Citinum— Yes, I'll be glad to run out
and see you some time. What's your
number? Subbubs— Way— er— the houses
in Swamphurst are not jiumbered yet- Cit-«
Iman— Well, how shall I find you? Sub
bubs—Turn to the lef i from the station
and walk down the rojad until you come
to the second big mudJpuddle. My house
Is directly cppQsite.—^Springfield Repub
lican. \ '': ' -.'; ;
A Pious Preacher's Wish.
One of the kindliest of the masters of
Ealoil College, England, was the late Dr.
Theophilus Leigh. He was the great-uncle
of the poetess Jane Austen, with whom
he was on intimate terms.
In addition to this distinction he had an
indefatigable wit— humor ran in the fam
ily—which kept alert until his death.
Two days before he died he showed
himself an Incorrigible punster.
Some one spoke of an old acquaintance
as having been "egged on^to matrimony."
"Then may the yoke rest easy on him,"
said Dr. Leigh. .
Made a Mistake in the Place.
An old printer tells this story of Horace
Greeley: One day as he sat at his desk he
Some of King George' IV's hair was sold
in London recently for. 29 shillings.
Split a match at one end and insert into
the split the flattened end of a second
match, to form an acute angle. Place
the two matches on the sharp edge of a
knife held horizontally in such a way that
the beads of the matches touch the sur
face of the table. No matter how hard
you try to hold the knife steady to every
body's surprise the matches will begin to
move up and down.
To render the experiment more effective
crack the matches In the middle to form
the legs of a rider, then cut the upper
body out of paper and insert it into a
split made in one of the matches.
Paste a strip of tinfoil around the mid
dle of a lamp chimney and another nar
row strip of tinfoil lengthwise from one
end to within an inch from the other
strip. Wrap a silk handkerchief or piece
of silk around the chimney cleaner (the
little brush) and rub the inside of the
chimney industriously, being careful not
to touch the strips of tinfoil
If this experiment is executed in the
dark, an electric spark can be seen jump
ing from the ring to the strip as often
as the broom is pulled back.
Fasten a piece of wire around the tin
foil ring and on its end a few strips of
tissue paper. By rubbing the inside 'of
the chimney with the silk covered brush
the ring is filled with electricity, which
passing through the wire affects the strips
of paper, causing them to fly apart.
Here is a large tumbler filled almost to
the rim with jet black ink; to test the
ink's dyeing quality dip a card (for in
stance,' the seven of hearts) into the
fluid. When taken out the part of the
card which was dipped in is dyed black,
as shown in illustration A. The tumbler
is covered for a few moments with a
white handkerchief. Then command
ing, "Ink disappear!" the performer re
moves the cloth and we see a little gold
fish swimming in crystal clear water,
where before that the jet black Ink. had
AN TNK TRTCK-
been. Please, convince yourself that this
is no deception.
- This interesting trick is done as fol
lows: What appears to be ink is a strip
of black paper, fitted into the glass,
pressed smoothly against the side by the
water. But how is it that the card ap
•peais black when dipped in? The card
is double, that is, two sevens of hearts
are pasted, backs together; the lower
part of one of them is painted black.
The clean seven of hearts is shown to
the audience, and when dipping it into
the water turn the card around and the
black side appears. Covering the glass
with the handkerchief the performer
gets hold of the black paper and re
moves it with the handkerchief. Then
the water appears clear and with the lit
tle fish swimming about, as shown in il
lustration B. To remove the painted card
explain to the audience that the ink
might spot their hands or clothes, and
so carry it away.
T3E ¦' JOUY ROVER, A 'KNTP5 EDGE, A STEADY
lliil HAND' AND THE PUPPET wt^s. • ¦
The necessary materials for
the tricks in these columns ara
found in*, every fun-loving
home, or may easily be pro
cured at the expense of a few
cents. " -
THE IADT IS LOOKING TOE HER DOG. WHERE IS IT?
WHERE IS THE NIXIE IN I THE POOL ?'
WHERE IS THE HIGHWAYMAN?
WHERE IS THE GOAT HERD?
"GOOD MORNING, NEIGHBOR." WHO IS SPEAKING?
WHERE IS THE GARDENER?
PUZZLE
PICTURES
CAN
YOU
SOLVE
THEM?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Suddenly Clancy dropped his, pick and
climbed up the side of the excavation to
ward* the surface of the street, puffing
HOME
MAGIC
$N SUSCTRIC UAMP CHTMNSY-THE SUNDAY CALL.
s ¦•¦¦ .
tralllnc wreaths and
blossoms.
Since the pictures
were . so eminently
pleasing, what a pity
It seemed that con
ventional restrictions
could not be bent ever
bo little, so that ono
might 'appear at or-
Jinary social functions
in this rather fan
tastic array! "Why
i not establish a new
order. of things and make the plcture'sque
combination fashionable outside of can
vas and artist- proof ? Isn't it woman's
duty, as well as her pleasure, to always
look her loveliest, and if-, she appears
especially attractive, with the pretty soft
flesh tints seeming all the; fairer and
lovelier, for the contrasting tone of tha
large hat . which surmounts her queenly
head, why shouldn't she be permitted to
follow this, very becoming style?
Artists, even the thoroughly, up-to-date
ones; approve of bare shoulders and hats,
or. they- wouldn't insist upon posing their
subjects in this particular dress.
•Thus it happens that dainty femininity
has conceived a bold scheme of setting a
new fashion, and already attempts are
being made to make decollete frocks and
picture hats the vogue for certain func
tions after six o' clock. . .
WHY is it that Ijvc-.y wLw+u s
so fend of being pnotographed
and painted In decollete gown
and large picture hat? Since
Gainsborough chose to portray
his beautiful subjects in this picturesque
fashion, it has been copied extensively
¦with variations to suit the person as well
a.s the time.
The effect is undeniably picturesque and
lovely, so my lady sits for her portrait In
this fantastic costume, which certainly
would appear altogether stagy if it were
not that smart society has approved of
the combination— pictorially, co far.
According to good style e'venlng gowns
accompanied by large hats have not been
considered appropriate, except for fancy
dress affairs and picture weddings, and
because this is true has long been a mat
ter of regret among the faJr sex.
Soft" trailing frocks and gleaming sat'ny
shoulders find an excellent foil ingrace
fuliy curving black brims shaded with
glossy plumes.
A face, the freshness and exquisite col
oring of which are Its chief charm, ap
pears all the more fascinating when, with
the diaphanous draperies of the decollete
frock, is worn a wide brimmed picture
hat wherein the shade of the eyes, the
tint of the cheeks and the. golden gleam
of the eoft hair are reflected in nature's
blossoms.
Is it to be wondered at that women of
fachlon find the combination of evening
frock and garden party or carriage hat
Irresistibly attractive? What matters It
If. to the conventional ear, an Inharmo
nious note Is struck? Theatrical you may
call the combination, and in a way, you
are right, for stage
struck people long ago
realized the pictur
esque possibilities and
beauty of this dress
incongruity and pro
ceeded to avail them
selves of a poetical
license.
Scarcely a woman,
whether she occupies
the star dressing-room
or only a tiny corner
of one wherein fifteen
co-workers nightly lay on the grease paint
and array themselves in stage worn cos
tumes, but has had overwhelming aspira
tions to- camera immortalization in this
same fantastic Varb.
Plctorlally the effect is most pleasing
and many well-known beauties who have
figured at court have found results more
satisfying when they have chosen to be
photographed or painted In Invitation, oi
the charming Duchess of Devonshire, witl
twentieth century variations, of course.
Fashionable, New York women hav<
been won over from their natural distaste
for a fad, not altogether harmonious, ant
have unbent so far as 'to follow this lead
set acroES the water. They have beer
photographed and painted in their hand
somest evening frocks and large hats
adorned with graceful nodding plumes or
In the ballroom such headgear would
be rather in the way, besides decidedly
¦warm and heavy, and at the theater hat3
are proscribed, anyway, so there remains
the smart dinner, where such costume
combination is possible. If however, the
hostess were to limit each guest to the
coronation allowance of sixteen Inches
of space, there might occur embarrassing
and uncomfortable contretemps, which
¦would spoil the success of the dinner.
A word to the wise is sufficient, bo the
one who contemplates giving a portrait
license dinner will have due regard for
the unusual requirements of thla new
fad and will allot each guest sufficient
space so that her waving plumes or blos
som wreaths may nod and tremble in
their exalted estate without rumpling the
hair of their nearest neighbors.
It remains to be seen whether or not
the novelty will become a vogue In New
York. It ia pretty, certainly, unique
enough to seem attractive and universal
ly becoming; so, with much In Its favor»
the idea may take with those conserva
tive leaders of fashion who make or mar
the success of a fancy. As it is decidedly
new on the other side, where thorough
approval and appreciation greeted Its In
troduction, we may hope for a similar re
ception over here, yet the day • Is too
early to predict its fate.
The . smartness and picturesquenesa
which characterize the fad are enough to
carry it through, even If it had no other
attractive points. As a matter of fact,
however, pretty femininity has been pin
ing for an opportunity to appear In the
flesh. in the very costume which makes
her portrait > so quaint and lovely and
has brought lier so many delightful com
pliments. Here is her chance to- array
herself in the same artistic and becom
ing lines, and thereby dazzle all behold*
7
HATS WITH DECOLLETE
GOWNS
PHOTOGRAPHIC LICENSE
LAUNCHES A NEW FASHION
AT DINNER PARTIESno_textno_textno_textno_textevery other day -with the tips of th«
fingers anointed with the oil. the singer's
scalp was entirely healed.
The Whitened Locks.
While gray hair Is honorable it is not al
ways pretty or becoming. Seldom does
the possessor enjoy it. To prevent gray
hair there Is nothing like taking care of
the hair while the roots are young and
vigorous. A shampoo once a month, a
little light brushing twice a week for tlve
minutes with a soft brush, letting down
the hair at night, dressing it in different
ways so that the plna do not come al
ways on the same spots, nourishing Ihe
roots with a good tonic— all these things
tend to keep the hair from growing gray.
Roots that have grown feeble can be
stimulated by a light massage. , Lift the
hair lightly with the fingers. Just so that
the scalp Is massaged by the .flc&er tips.
This is the treatment advised for^fchose
who find the hair gray or out of condi
tion. >
Golden hair is frequently produced by
shampooing the hair with hot water, la
which a little kitchen soda is dissolved.
The soap should be kitchen soap, and aft
er it is rinsed off then the washing soda
is used; finally the hair la well rinsed and
dried In the sun. This will generally
brighten hair that la inclined to be of a
drabbish hue, instead of the ruddy gold
that la so much admired. But the pro
cess is apt to be harmful and is not rec
ommended.
A correspondent who signs herself Mrs.
J. R. writes that her hair ia getting thin
and that she dreads baldness. "I wash
my hair often," says she, "and brush It
for fifteen minutes every night before re
tiring. Yet it continues to come out."
The latest theory in hair preservation
is that hair can be best preserved by let
ting it alone. A limited amount of
neglect improves the hair.
This Is particularly demonstrated in th«
case of men who become bald, universal
ly, at an early age. Poor men, who work
hard and have no time to spend upon
shampoos- and fancy brushes, do not com
plain of baldness. It Is the man of
wealth, the one who washes his head at
least once a day, and may be three times.
who brushes it vigorously a dozen times
a day with a stiff hairbrush, who puts on
perfumes and who otherwise Ill-treats his
scalp— this is the man who becomes bald.
The man, with, less time and opportunity;
preserves his head of hair all hla life.
The woman who finds herself getting
bald should not use a hairbrush any
oftener than Is absolutely necessary: sha
should not wash her head more frequent
ly than once in six weeks; she should use
no alcohol on her head; she should not
wear a switch if she can help it; and sha
should give her hair a chance.
Don't worry the roots. Hs$lr is the hard
est thing in the world to kill. Let it alone
and you will never be bald; or your
chances will be greatly lessened.
. ? . )
feet of Sngtish in) omen.
Much has been said both in Jest and
seriously about the size of English wo
men's feet. The fact is that when all
things are considered they are not ab*
normally large. The English girl of to«
day Is tall— tall In a sense and to a de
gree that the Gibson cartoons of the
stately American girl do not even adum
brate.
In the aristocratic set more often than
not she towers over the heads of for
eign gentlemen. Long generations of
descent from tall fathers and mothers of
vigorous years of outdoor exercise have
made her what she is— very occasionally
a six-footer and with hands and feet In
proportion.
The note of alarm has at last been
sounded. It is held that "the daughters
of Anak" are exercising too freely if
they would wear the dainty shoes that
are women's traditional ornament.
While the answer is made that the ap-"
parent size of the English girl's foot is
due to her sensible preference for loose,
easy shoes, it is admittedly an incom
plete explanation.
One reason for the growing popularity
\f tho American shoe in London is that
if looks neater and trimmer and decided
ly smaller than the English shoe of tb*
same size.
fire and let cooL Beat Into the cold soapy
water one egg and add a few drops of
ammonia.
A Brisk Shampoo.
In dealing with mixtures in which there
Is ammonia or melted soap a great deal of
care must be taken that the eyes are not
Injured. It is best to have an assistant
who will operate the soapy mixture while
the patient rests her head against the
edge of the wash basin, a towel held to
her eyes.
This mixture should lather easily and is
Intended for the massage of the scalp and
hair. Never rub soap directly upon the
hair, for it sticks and cannot be removed
with ever so many washings, but the mix
ture, on the other hand, is easily man
aged.
In washing clothes it is the custom to
allow them to remain a while In the suds.
60, in washing the hair, the head should
remain saturated for a few minutes that
the soapy water may do Its cleansing
work. " Let ths operator manipulate the
suds for, say, five minutes.
The rinsing should be done with a
spray. The little sprayer with which
flowers are sprinkled is better than noth
ing-, but It really costs so little to own a
pipe of rubber with a sprinkler attached
to it that most women are willing to af
ford the little luxury.
The water should be hot at first, then
cold. With home-made contrivances it to
difficult to regulate the heat, but It can 1
be done, and the result Is a clean, smooth,
sweet-smelling scalp.
The matter of drying Is managed in va
fious ways, one of which Is by continual
fanning. Stretching the hair out in the
sun is good, while hanging It before a
grate fire, if the weather will permit, Is
best of all. However It is done, the hair
should be well dried and there should be
no thick, clinging feeling to it.
A dainty custom of scenting the locks
comes from Paris. . A little . cap of fine
muslin, filled with sachet powder. Is
slipped on over the head and the hair la
bundled up into It A permanent scent is
thus imparted.
Scenting the Hair.
An excellent scent for the hair Is made
from oil of rose geranium. Take a few
drops of the oil and add, a third of the
quantity of glycerine. Pour upon absorb
ent cotton and roll the cotton round and
round until quite a piece Is moistened.
Now spread out the cotton until It makes
a flat piece like a pancake and sew it
into thin silk. This can be placed in the
crown of the .little scented cap to Im
part extra fragrance to the hair. Be care
ful, and remember that you are dealing
with an oil. If left on more than fifteen
minutes it will oil the hair too much.
All sorts' of devices for perfuming the
hair are employed, one. of. these being the
tying of a ribbon around the head at
night to which are attached little soft
cachet bags, all hanging from ribbons of
different lengths.
No hair scent is ever permanent. It
must be often renewed. Just as your din
ner must be eaten daily, so also must your
Bcent sachet' give forth Its daily supply.
When you come to think of It, perfum
ery should not "last"— should not be ex
pected to do so. But it should be re
newed every day.
Hair which shows dandruff In an un
pleasant manner needs shampooing. That
Is the first step in its cure. Often that
which is mistaken for dandruff Is merely
dust and wrtl disappear if the hair be
treated frequently to a shampoo. But in
no case should the hair be washed more
frequently than once in two weeks.
Nothing cures^ dandruff as quickly as
oiling the head. This seems to heal the
scalp and remove all tendency to a scaly
condition.
But oil. on the other hand, is unpleas
ant,'and the scalp must : be cured without
causing the hair to become greasy o'r to
suffer in any way.
A famous singer applied to a hair spe
cialist for treatment, complaining of ex
cess of dandruff. The specialist began by
manipulating the scalp very thoroughly,
though lightly, with almond olL The
quantity used was small and the scalp
was thoroughly gone over. Perhaps a few
drops did the whole work. After a week
of this treatment, massaging the scalp
THE SUNDAY CALL.
marked by nature, a light streak t and: a
dark one, there is but one, solution of the
and that solution is hair dye.
The hair must be made all of one color
and to do this select the. best dye obtain
able and follow directions. . There are
home-made dyes that are not as good and
it is unsafe 4 to experiment with them.
Buy, therefore, the best and do not devi
ate as. much as one hair's breadth from
the printed rules for use.
But these cases are the extreme ones,
the cases that occur only once in a while.
And the rules which hold for these rar«
ones are not applicable to the others.
For the majority of women the best
treatment for. the 'hair consists in the
right kind of a shampoo, in a skillful
massaging, in a little clever handling aft
erward; and that is all.
Hair that is faded and drab looking haa
been known to reclaim itself under the fa
miliar egg shampoo.
Take a half cake of oily soap. Select
one that is recommended for its oily prop
erties, and put it on the^stove to melt,'
cutting it first in little pieces.' Let "it rest
in a double boiler and cover it with a pint
of water. When melted remove from ta»
WOMAN'S crown of beauty 13
her hair!
No need to tell her" of It. She
knows It and recognizes it.
Let a woman's hair begin to
fall out aud away she rushes to the drug
gist to get a tonic. Let it continue to
fall and she goes to a massage operator,
a head masseuse, one who understands
the art of manipulating the scalp in such
a manner as to stimulate the roots of
the hair. Let her hair grow gray, become
faded in tone, or in any way get "out
of Borts," for hair can really get out
of sorts, then there is real trouble, for
well a woman knows that her best beauty
Is threatened.
There may have been some time a
beautiful woman afflicted with a bald
head.' But if bo her name is not on rec
ord. All the world's famous women have
had heads of hair, or at least they have
had hair that could be prettily arranged,
and the records have yet to tell of a
woman who could be pretty in spite of
poor hair.
The low-growing hair, giving the fore
head that wide, calm look which is de
manded by certain types of beauty, does
not belong to all. Nor are the curling
eide locks within reach of everybody.
High foreheads are an American afflic
tion, but the American woman over
comes the' evil a little by the tasteful
ways In which she dresses her hair.
. Pretty hair should be fluffy; it should
bo glossy; It should be sufficiently abun
dant to clothe the head nicely and it
should be even in color.
The Color Question.
The question of color Is one that both
ers every woman with a bead of hair.
Her hair may be uneven in tone, shading
frcm light to dark and Cooking faded in
places. Again it may be actually streak
ed with a long light lock trending Its
¦way through hair much deeper In color.
Or the whole head, while of the same
color, may have a curiously drab and
dull look, without "bloom" as the French
put It.
Gray hair offers still another problem,
one of the most serious of all hair prob
lems.
To meet the color question fairly and
squarely there is only one thing to be
done. If the hair has been neglected and
has grown gray, or if it is decidedly
streaked, or if it is in any way peculiarly
BY MAHION MARTINEATT.
How she may keep
it bright and glossy,
how prevent it from
falling out and by
what means she can
keep away the white
locks that tell of
age's advance.
HER CROWNING GLORY
HER HAIRTO
CAPT. CHAS. H. GORDON, >;^
From the members of Co. E, 3d R, L
Cavalry, for hie superior . merlti
ab an officer and a soldier.
Brazos Santiago, the American island
station, with' Colonel Jones, the colonel
turned to me and asked:
" 'Major, ! what made you make, that
sign? What was it you had in your va
11st that you didn't want that fellow, to
" 'Oh, nothing In particular.*
'"Yes, there was. You had some thins
you were afraid of/
" •Well,* I said, 'there's the valise and
here's the key. See for yourself.*
"He did, and when he found and un
v/iapped that package he actually turned
psle.
" 'Good God, major!* he said. It they'd
found this, they'd have taken you out and
shot you inside of ten minutes.'
' ¦ "I knew, that well enough. As for the
tall Easterner, he was so frightened when
he saw what I was carrying that he near
ly fell out of the boat. He would have
teen shot with me as an accomplice.
"I didn't so on to Washington, however,
but mailed those letters, all In one large
packet, to Romero from New Orleans,
thankful to see the last of them and still
more thankful for my life."
"I could have taken great 1 pleasure in
dropping him in his tracks if I could have
escaped. He stopped suddenly and looked
up at me strangely as. I made a sign with
my hand. He was not a Mason and I said"
good-by to myself, believing he'd reached
those letters'at last. Had he given me
one good look he'd have known from the
expression of my ( face that > something
was very much. wrong with the valise. I
was in a cold, perspiration and was al-
"The big, sabered Frenchman gave the
package one more turn, and I knew what
another twist would mean— a firing squad
at ten pacts, and a' shallow hole In- the
ground.
"Gad! I can see him yet. He held it
in his left-hand and began to slowly un
wrap it. I stood there, unable to' movf,
watching him as a condemned man
watches the Judge about to pronounce
the death sentence. I , tried to keep cool;
but my heart was chug, chugging behind
my ribs so devilish loud that I was afraid
he'd hear it arid ask me what it was.
Think? Well, I thought pretty fast, and
principally what a f ool . I was. . Why
hadn't I let one of those Mexicans under
take . the undesirable job, I wondered.
Better one of those interested .patriots
should be stood up and shot than I, an
American citizen, suffer martyrdom. ; I
(was selfish just at that time.
"I had rolled those infernal letters of
marque up in an old newspaper and
dropped them into the bottom of the va
lire. The package didn't look suspicious,
and I counted on its being unmolested
owing to its very consplcuousness and
dirty appearance. Who would ever think
I had anything contraband. In such a
bundle? Nobody, of course, but that evil
thinking, suspicious Frenchman.
"The first thing he laid hands on was
that package!
"Later in the day, as ; the Vermonter
and I were crossing the Rio Grande to
¦ "Meanwhile the valise lay with its pre
cious contents in a corner of the cusioin
house, carelessly mixed up with a lot of
other 'passed' baggae. - .
"I forgave him on the spot and the four
of us went out and sat down to the best
dinner that I could buy in that miserable
town.
"He made another turn at the wrap
ping paper. 'This ends' it,' I said to my
self. At that very second Colonel Jones,
commanding the American forces across
the river, opened the door and .walked
into the : room. He was in full uniform.
The Frenchman turned to greet him, but
I was there first. It was the only chance
left. I stepped up and said : in his ear,
'Stop him, for Gpd's sake! Don't let him
gc. through that package.' The situation
was desperate, and. as I spoke I made the
Masonic sign of distress.. Jones answered,
and.; I felt like yelling in delight.- He
grabbed me in his arms, true Mexican
fashion, called me his brother and raised
such a racket that you'd have thought I
was President of the United States. The
Frenchman stood amazed. . Jones j rushed
me up to him and introduced me in such
a pretentious manner "that the custom
house official bowed .low, quickly dropped
the package containing : those letters of
rharque back into the valise, locked It
and handed me the key .with another bow,
saying he was very sorry he had given
me any trouble. •
"All this - happened in a few seconds,
but the seconds seemed days and months
to me.
ready wondering how long I had to live,
but for the life of me I couldn't take my
eyes off that, fellow's hands. Once and
for all I realized what it mea,ns for a
man to hold your life in the hollow of his
hand.
Serving through the remainder of the
Civil War. he found himself in New Or
leans early in 18C6.
"There," says the bluff, good-natured
old doctor, "I ran across General Fran
cesco de Bordon, an old college chum of
mine, when we were at Christ College,
England, fifteen years before, as merry a
pair of devils as you ever saw. Bordon
was a Mexican, in spite of "the French
sound to his name. He had lost one arm
In a charge at Chapultepec against
Bragg's Battery. At this time he was
chief of artillery on the staff of Benito
Jaurez, president of the Liberal party of
Mexico. Jaurez was up in the mountains
of Chihuahua, keeping out of the way of
Maximilian. To be short, Bordon offered
me a commission as major in the Mexi
can army. I was young, full of the spirit
of adventure and considerably reckless,
so I jumped at- the offer and was ready
to start .forthwith and help Jaurez dodge
around among the rocks and mountains
of Chihuahua.
"Without any adventures the party
landed at Boca del Rio Grande and we
speedily joined Jaurez up in the moun
tains. I had a great experience with the
Mexicans for a year and a greater lot of
freebooters than some of the officers
turned out to be, haven't been created
yet. Benito Jaurez, though, was as fine
a man as I have ever met Finally he had
a scheme to clean out the French. Let
ters of marque would do tne business, he
thought, and he wanted them delivered to
Matlas Romero, Mexican Minister to
Washington. I learned later than some of
them provided for l.tting out privateers
in the harbor of San Francisco to prey on
the French commerce, so you see.how near
California came to being mixed up in the
row. By that time I had had enough of
occasional bushwacking, fleas that made
"I reached Matamoras without much
difficulty, and while I was waiting ,there
forv the boneshaker of a stage to come
along and carry me down to Bagdad, I
met the man who kicked himself out of
Mexico. He was a tall Vermonter— but
'that's another story,' you know. He
cleaned those Mexicans out of their last
shekel in a. high kicking contest, and
joined me on the trip to Bagdad, at 'the
mouth of the Rio Grande. The custom
houses were all under French control, and
the officials made a pretty thorough
search of your baggage, besides search
ing your person for gold, as there was an
18 per cent export duty on it. .We— the
tall, slab-sided Vermonter and I — went up
to the custom-house bold as beggars,
though I felt pretty queer about those let
ters of marque In my valise. The French
man examined our clothing. Then he
wanted to have a look at my valise.
" 'What have you in it?' he asked.
" 'Oh, nothing much. Only a few traps,''
I said, as carelessly as possible, though
my heart had suddenly begun to thump,
away at my ribs like a hammer.
" 'Give me the key,' said the French
man. I did, wishing then I had never seen
Mexico, and realizing for the first time
what a terrible mess I was about to stir
up, when it was no quarrel of mine. I
had half expected the fellow would
merely, poke the few carelessly wrapped
packages about with his finger, and pass
me on. He wasn't that sort, though. This
thing was growing mighty serious all of
a sudden.
life a burden night and day and the un
certainties of a tortilla and coffee and.
cigarette diet, so I volunteered to carry
the papers to Romero. Yes, I realized the
risk I ran, but I knew I wouldn't die till'
my time came, so what was the use to
worry?
On November 10, 18C3. Gordon went to
tbe front as captain of Company E, Third
Iihode Island Volunteer Cavalry. With
precious care he preserves his commis
eion, signed in bold characters by Gov
ernor James Y. Smith. In recognition of
his services his company presented him
with a magnificent sword, gold and sil
ver mounted, bearing this Inscription:
Dr. Gordon can probably thank his
etanch Scotch blood for the cool grit and
presence of mind that saved his life. For
the doctor comes from the right stock
for cannlness and bravery as well. He
is a direct descendant of none other than
the Immortal Rob Roy MacGregor, so
well known in history and fiction.
This man is Dr. C. H. Gordon, and his
life story reads like the most thrilling
romance ever written. He has known
what it is to .brave the dangers of the
battlefield, but the most deadly peril that
ever came to him was far from the boom
of cannon and in an apparent haven of
rest and security. -
Yet to-day there lives in the quiet town
of Lodi a man who had just such a re
markable experience — a man who knows
v. hat it Is to see, while enjoying all , the
tingle of perfect health, the cold specter
of speedy death pointing an Icy finger
straight at his heart.
TO have been so near death that one
fold of a newspaper was your only
shield is not an experience that
many live to relate. A single sheet
of paper, an old paper at that, is
such a flimsy barrier.
WHAT IT MEANS TO HAVE BUT A FOLD OF PAPER STAND BETWEEN YOU AND DEATH
German about thirty years ago met a
Mexican who had worked the mine in the
eld days when Arizona was a part of
Sonora. His operations were interrupted
by attacks made on his employes by In
dians and he abandoned the enterprise,
taking home with him rich gold ore. This
Mexican was a man of means, and not
caring to undergo the risk of a second
attempt gave the mine to his German
friend. '
Having obtained from his Mexican ac-
qualntance a map of the country and a
fully detailed description of the property,
the German went to Tucson and enlisted
the aid of a fellow countryman of his in
searching for the lost mine. Following
their written directions % they proceeded to
tbe south side of the Superstitipn Moun
tain,, and entering the first long draw
east of the west end of the mountain they
succeeded in finding the trail designated
on the map. This led them across the
mountain and down a long ridge past
Living with the Pimas 'at that time
was the late John D. Walker. One of the
fugitives staggered into his camp nearly
exhausted by the chase. In spite of all
efforts on the part of Walker to resusci
tate the man he took fever and died. Be
fore his death, however, he gave Walker
instructions as to how to reach the mine
and turned over to. him the ore he had
brought away from the scene of the trag-
Weavers Needle, into a deep canyon,
thence up. a side canyon, where. the, mine
was situated. The undergrowth was so
dense that they" .were < concealed ¦, from
view until they had^reached^ their
nation. ¦¦..'¦..'.-.- .;¦ f ?^:'J<^ .v
As' they ! drew-neafc^thfty^Hear'd founds
that seemed ,to indicate"; that the mine
was still being worked. -Upon approach
ing cautiously they saw three men whom
they took to be Indians. Without stop
ping to investigate ; they opened fire and
killed all three. A closer examination
showed them that they had acted too,
fcostily and had killed workmen of their
Mexican friend, who were still endeavor
ing to work the mine. Being considerably
frightened and fearing the consequences
of their rash deed they hastily gathered
up the ore that was already taken out
and proceeded to beat a precipitate re
treat. Retribution was at hand, however,
and the Apaches, whom they had feared,
having been attracted to the spot by the
firing, made a furious attack upon them.
During the course of a desperate running
light the men became separated, one
turning off through the mountains to
ward the Pima villages and the other
making his way to the settlement that
has since become the city of Phoenix.
Each supposed the other to have been
killed, and it is not known that they ever
met after their, narrow escape.
the hills on a prospecting tour. They went
into the Four Peaks at a time when the
Apaches and Government^ troops were
struggling for supremacy, and honors
were not better than even. Prospecting
was dangerous and most of the frontier
characters hovered under military pro
tection at Fort McDowell: - Several de
tachments of troops were: In the Four
Peaks region, some at guard at points of
vantage and others scouring the country •
for Indian siens.
The prospectors reached a point about
twenty-eight miles from Fort McDowell.
Here; skirting the foothills of the Four
Peaks, they discovered placer ground and
began operations. The second day the
gravel banks revealed a myriad of colors
and the prospectors were elated over the
promise of enough gold to make nabobs
of them . all. That afternoon, with their
single pan, they took but several hundred
dollars of gold dust to add to the value
of three large nuggets discovered.
At sundown they were appalled by a
phenomenon which the gold diggers re
garded as an evil omen. The Four Peaks
seemed to be drawing' toward them.
Whether It was a mirage or eccentricity
of nature they could not determine to*
their own satisfaction. The sound - ; of
cannon suddenly played on their appre
hensive ears and they fled from the^ plac
ers. It was a series Of signal shots from
some of the troops in the mountains above
them, and shortly afterward the rever
- berating peal of the big cannon at Fort
McDowell was a warning that Indians ap
proached and whites who valued their
. lives should move.
At that time Victoria was the fighting
chief of the Apaches. He had sent an
army of 1600 braves up the Salt River
and a band of 400 was planning to join it
to move on the regulars while the forces
were weak. .
The three gold-diggers lost no time in
making their way to Tucson, where they I
sold their gold dust. The party went to
Tombstone, where they bound themselves
that no one of them should return to the
placers without the companionship of the
remaining two. They planned to return
¦when the Indians should "become less dan
gerous.
Martinelli eventually was hanged by
horsethieves because he had furnished
"vigilantes" with information against
Rodig's experiences date back to 1876,
when he and his comrade were on the
frontier facing pioneer privations and
dodging behind big rocks to keep from be
ing killed by the Indians. With Jack
Reed and Pete Martinelli ' he set out for
edy. The map and written descriptions
of the location of the property had been
carried off by the other German, who had
come to the settlement on the north side ¦
of the Salt River. Being too busy at that
time to investigate the story, Walker al
lowed the matter to rest for several
years, and it was not until 1SS1 that he
took occasion to make the matter public.
He has never had time to investigate the
supposed location, of -the mine, as he was
since then fully occupied in looking after
the affairs of the Vekol mine.
In 1S05 it came to light that the second
fugitive had been living in Mesa, Ariz.,
with a Mexican woman and that he made
occasional excursions into the Supersti
tion Mountains, bringing back with him
large gold- nuggets. Two years later,
when he was at the point of death, ha
made an attempt to reveal his secret, but
died before he could tell the story. He
gasped the name of "Weaver," by which
he probably intended to convey that old
John Weaver, the hermit of the Supersti
tion Mountains, knew the secret of the
Lost Dutchman. If Weaver knew he died
with the scret in his breast Few ven
tured to visit the old recluse who, in the
heart of the Apache country, retired in a
cave, the opening of which was festooned .
by the scalps of g Mesevelero's braves.
Weaver, disappointed in love in St. Louis,
spent thirty years in a lonely canyon in
the mountains caring little for worldly
matters and less for gold. He picked off
many an Apache who endeavored to in
vade the sanctity of his cave until the
Indians avoided him in the terror of their
superstitions. Importunities of his
friends to induce him to mingle with the
world were as unavailing as their at- •
tempts to learn from him the locations of
gold ledges with which he was undoubt
edly familiar. "Bear" Weaver he was
sometimes called, because his- only recre
ation was in hunting bears, and because
he' made a vow ten years before his
death that he should never again comb
his hair or beard as penitence for having
missed a fine shot at a bear. His matted
locks and beard testified how well he ad
hered to the vow.
A shoemaker living in Phoenix has been
encouraged by the rediscovery of the Lost
Dutchman to make one more search for a
' rich ledge somewhere near that property.
His name is Charles Rodig. He, discov
ered the ledge many years ago, but after
'¦ his first visit he has been unable to find
s it again. At Intervals he still persists in
r the search, having made five trips in all,
1 . and shortly he will go -again.
)
them. In. several years Reed disappeared,
leaving Rodig in sole possession of th*
knowledge of the remarkable placers.
A strange series of misfortunes has
followed Rodig in his efforts to relocate
the placers. Three years ago ho and a
companion were almost drowned while
attempting to cross the Salt River In
their search. At another time he was
pitched from a horse and returned to
Phoenix with fractured bones, and there
is still another instance in which he
was ambushed by Indians on his journey
and forced £o flee for hi3 life.
He says tjie character of the country
has changed wonderfully since the early
days and many of t the' landmarks have
disappeared. Where there, was once a
swampy . flat to-day ' the gTound is dry
and barren. At other places where he
remembers traveling over an open coun
try there is now a heavy growth of trees
and shrubbery.
A man named Burke Tcokey came to
Phoenix recently with papers aiding in
the solution of a lost mine mystery aa re
markable as any related. He was a mem
ber of; a party which prospected in the
early days in the- Sierra Anchos, a
neighboring range 'of the Superstitions.
The prospectors were driven from rich
placer diggings^ by \ the Indians. Four
were killed andfthe single survivor, after
having received \na4'y injuries, Including
the loss of a hand and two broken ribs,
was scalped and Left '^pr dead by the sav
ages. He came 'to life, however, and
succeeded . in escaping on a burro, car
lying with him enough' gold to defray the
expenses 'of a fifteen years* treatment in
a New Mexico hospital. He- brought let
ters from the hospital vouching for a part
cf his tale at least, and interested sev
eral local capitalists, "who equipped a
party to follow" his guidance back Into
the mountains. This visitor claims to be
Burke Tookey. His condition is now pre
carious, and it is doubtful if he will live
to see the fulfilment of his dream.
LLOYD DAMRON'.
Among the many stories dealing with
loft mines and claims that have been lo
cated a second time after many trials,
tales of the "Lost Dutchman" are most
interesting because of the romantic cir
cumstances attending its discovery and
the many futile efforts that have been
trade from time to time to find it again.
This mine was located on the south side
of Salt River, near Weavers Needle. A
as it naturally happens that the miner who
is forced to abandon his claim paints the
riches of the lost vein in glittering colors
and is sooner or later able to enlist the
efforts of capitalists, dazzled with the
great posslbilites offered in finding a mine
so rich as the "Lost Dutchman" is be
lieved to be.
Many efforts have been made to locate
this and other lost ledges in that region,
Gold is one of the noblest works of the
Great Spirit in the eyes of the ignorant
Apiches and he who would rob the earth
of the glittering metal brings down the
vengeance of that tribe. Indians who
have sought to gain trinkets from the
whites by delivering gold from deposits
whose locations were secret to the red
men were held up to the scorn of their
race and cruelly tortured In consequence
of their crime against the Great Father.
"White men have shared the same fate in
attempting to secure gold in the Apache
bad lands and there is no more striking:
instance than is afforded by the "Lost
Dutchman."
The mine just found shows evidence of
having been worked years ago by white
men. There is an eighty-foot shaft and
around the mouth are scattered rusty
picks and skulls of several human beings,
which phrenologists declare are the re
mains, of white men. All these evidences
add color to the theory that the "Lost
Dutchman" was no myth, but a mine in
reality and one which will now send vast
treasures to the Government mint. Mese
velero, chief of the Apaches, guarded their
secret well, for many prospectors who
sought to enrich themselves by the treas
ures in Apache land were raided and
kil^d at the very scene of their opera
tions.
"J^ost Dutchman" mine has beer
rediscovered. A prospector found the
riches concealed under a surface which is
said to be fairly glittering: -with nuggets
and the matter taken from tbe rich vein
which teems with colors. At last, say
those who are familiar with mining in
this region, the remarkable riches of the
"Lost Dutchman" will be brought to the
attention of the world and the men who
have spent thousands of dollars in at
tempting to locate this property will have
ample time to nurse their disappointment
for not having looked further for those
riches which the superstitious Apaches
have successfully guarded from the white
men for a score of years. The cost of the
noted ledge is figured not only in dollars
but in human lives.
RICH mineral strike has just been
A 1 made- In the Four Peaks Moun-
I 1 "tains, sixty miles east of Phoenix,
J[ and miners declare the famou3
THE SECRET OF
THE SUPERSTITION
MOUNTAINS IN
THE HEART OF THE
APACHE COUNTRY
IS DISCOVERED
AT LAST.
. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ --¦¦•..
' THE ' SUNDAY CALL.
THE SECRET
OF THE
LOST DUTCHMANOVER the hot sands— they are com
ing, coming in caravans. The oasis
of San Francisco will have to ex
pand to hold them alL They are
coming by the thousands, crossing
the desert from every other oasis and
bearing down upon us.
The Ancient Arabic Order of Nobles of
the Mystic Shrine is en route. San Fran
cisco is the goal of its pilgrimage. The
pilgrims number 4000 at a low guess.
Miles of desert have to be crossed. The
Nobles are mounted upon the best camels
to be had, these camels being fully
equipped with every modern convenience.
When other people use them they are
called sleeping-cars; but they are camels
to Shriners.
It Is a long, dusty, weary Journey they
are making to reach us. We are many
miles from all the other oases of the
United States. It is a dry journey. But
¦when the weary and dry Nobles reach
our oasis they trill find the refreshing
eprfng that they seek. The Mystic Shrin
ers never yet have failed to find a spring
at the end of their journeys. They
wouldn't be Bhrlners If they did. And the
Temple of Islam would be very much
ashamed of Itself If it couldn't live up to
past records.
For weeks past this temple, which
counts hundreds of Northern California
names upon Its list, has been making
elaborate preparations to receive the pil
grims. The headsuarters on Market street
fray been In one continuous buzz. Com
mittees have been keeping rp a constant
stir. The Nobles who have charge of the
bantpiettass »»d *** junketings and the
parades have been raising small cyclones.
The headquarters looks like a. -woman's
club en election day.
The Caravans fire to arrive on the Sta.
*th *nd 10th. They will come from «y«rr
THE SUNDAY CALL.,
past imperial potentates from the same
region are John H. Attwood of Kansas,
W. B. Melish of Ohio, and from farther
north Lou B. Winsor. of Michigan.
One of the big Nobles from the capital
city is Frank Raymond. J. Harry Carson
is coming from Denver. Sam McDowell
from Salt Lake, John Geiger from Cedar
Rapids. William E. Joseph from Colum
bus. Ohio, j Some big Pennsylvania men
are J. L. Rake of Rajah Temple In Red
ding and A. V. Holmes of Syria Temple.
Pittsburg. 4 * .
j Some of the best known Shriners of the
coast outside of San Francisco are Louis
Breuner of Sacramento. Irvin W. Pratt
of Portland and Fred HInes of Los An
geles.
On Tuesday. June 10, the great week
will begin. Ib will begin in a staid and
business-like way. according to the same
principle. that makes a little boy eat the
crust of his pie first. He wants to have
it over and done with.
At ten o'clock on that opening morning
the Imperial Council will meet. The im
perial Council consists of Nobles from a
baker's dozen of cities and therefore it
can't meet" very often. The supposition
is, therefore, that it has a great deal to
From Medlnah Tempi© of Chicago J.
W» Bwatek is coming. Charles F. Beck
of Moslem Temple in Detroit, Frank O.
Evans of Za Ga Zlg In Des Moines, H. A.
Myers of Zurah Temple in Minneapolis,
F E. Turner of Ararat Temple in Kan
sas City and E. F. Allen, a past imperial
potentate, belonging to the same temple,
are others of the Middle West. Other
The New England States are sending in
big numbers. Aleppo Temple In Massa
chusetts is sending Caleb Saunders for
one. One of the Imperial Council comes
from Boston and another from Hartford.
From ths South wo shall see George L.
Street of Richmond's temple of Acca.
William J. Cunningham of Baltimore—
Bourn! Temple— is another representative.
Forest Adair of Jaarab Temple, Atlanta,
la still another. Walter <S. Lydell will be
here from North Carolina.
Borne of the best known Nobles in this
caravan are William Dally Rawllns,
George W. Miller and James McGee.
Ismalla Temple is sending out another
relay from Western New York State, and
Buffalo's Mayor, Erastus Knight, la one
of these. Charles W. Cushman, past
grand master, Is another. Damascus
Temple- represents another section of New
York State and George F. Loder of Roch
ester is a representative from It.
clrectiott except the -wrest Wherever there
Is a stretch of hot Bands to be seen it
may be counted upon that there is a band
of Noblea crossing, all bound for here
Not only are the Nobles themselves com
ing, but their ladies. with them, and they
•will be a merry crowd as soon as they
have shaken the dust of travel from 'their
. shoes.
hotels are making ready. They are
discovering bedrooms which they had
thought were only storerooms and linen
closets before, and which they now find
are ample accommodation for the bellboy
or the landlady. They are finding double
rooms where they thought they had only
¦Ingle- They are swelling visibly before
our very eyes.
On the 10th the hotels will open their
arms. The official programme issued by
Islam Temple distinctly says that on
Monday, June 9, the visiting Nobles, tired
and travel-stained, will be shown to their
hotels and permitted to rest.
The meaning of that rest is, "Get ready
for the week ahead."
For it will be a week— a week to live
for. In fact, the Nobles of the Ancient
Arabic Order live for it from one year's
end to the other. - Tou have to be a Noble
yourself to fully understand why.
The -temples that the visitors are com
ing from : are the temples of all Arabia.
Their names are written in the ancient
book.,- From Mecca Temple of New York
City, there is a tremendous caravan. They
are already -well on their way . to ua.
A FEW VISITING SHRINERS
AND THOSE WHO WELCOME THEM( . . " ¦¦-¦¦.-.
being a Hartford, Connecticut,' man; and
Charles Beck, the: imperial captain of
the guard, comes from the North. : He is
u Detroit representative. Edwin Alder
man, the imperial second ceremonial
master is from Marion, Iowa, and -Frank
Roundy, the imperial outer guard, is from
Chicago." So all of the Council ;are to
come in different caravans ar.d there will
be a great glad-handing when they meet
on the oasis of Islam Temple.
The ladies' who accompany the -, Nobles
over their desert journey are not lo be
long forgotten On the afternoon of the
10th they, -will be received' in the Bwell
est way that Islam Temple knows how to
receive. The ladies -are always an Im
portanfc feature of every pilgrimage, and
they deserve to.be after the devoted way
that' they accompany . their lords and
masters over the hot sands. /It wouldn't
be considered • a real . oasis where they
were not : to be found. • .
That : night.** Tuesday night— pray the
gods for fair weather— comes the great
parade. It will not even begin until half
jrast etgnt. wtren the aky can be trusted to
furnish a good black background for the
biggest display of fireworks that ever
dazzled the moon, cuxd caused, the stars
*nd tbe very planets to look like thirty
cents. R. P. Hurlbut is the marshal ot
the parade and he has been turning fray
over the preparations for It.
It Is estimated that several thousand
will appear in It- Those on foot will wear
the fez*, the .sign of the order. As many
as 200 Nobles will be mounted, and the«*
will appear in magnificent costumes to do
honor to the occasion.
The Hth of June will be turned orer to
Al Malaikah Temple. This is the temple
of Los Angeles, and Southern California
is counted partly host in the big party.
The Al Malaikahs have to concentrate all
their hospitality Into one day, so in th»
light of what Southern California hos
pitality is there are some "dlddings" to ba
expected. They will give a reception In
the afternoon, and in the evening comes
their promenade concert. On Thursday
the visitors will be turned over once mere
to their San Francisco hosts and the tour
ing will begin.
The first of th© touring will be a driv
ing trip, which is to cover the four points
that every tourist must sea before he dar»
say that he has seen San Francisco at
all. The park, the cliff, the Presidio and
Chinatown— the same old sights. But they
will be as, new to these pilgrims as they
always- are to each season's tourists.
Friday Is to be a red-letter day. In the
afternoon the Arab patrol drill for prizes
will take p^ace, and the Nobles will be
seen in their splendor. The last traces
of the Journey will have been wiped away
and the Nobles of the Mystie Shrine will
be ready to show what they can do when
It comes to a fancy drilL
And at night— this ts to lie the great
night, when the ladles are once more in
evidence. This is to be the night of the
grand ball. To make It even grander.
there will be the distribution of the prizes
won that day in the parade.
Saturday will dose the week wtta a trip
around the bay. This Is supposed to be a
good appetizer for the 8 o'clock banquet
to tee Imperial Connefl and tnelr ladies.
This is the official end of the wining ami
dmlng. and the following week roust seo
the visitors reluctantly mounting their
camels once more and preparing lor Uw
¦ return journey over the bat sands.
That is another -story. It is never aa
much fun to go home as It was to come.
But when the dry Nobles have quenched
their thirst at the fountain of Islam tJ^y
will at least have had the beat secd-oCt
possible for the long trip.
And here's to cool sands aid a abort
dtaert on t&e way bogie. f
THE SUNDAY CALL -
3b the wearing of the magnificent robei
that are worth waiting for.
The present Imperial potentate ls T Phillp-
Shaffer of Philadelphia. He is the guest
of the year and Islam Temple will do Its
proudest to show him how it can enter
tain an imperial potentate.
Henry Akin of Omaha Is his deputy.
Akin is another guest- of honor.
Others of the Imperial Council are
George Green, the imperial chief rabban
from Dallas; George L. Brown, imperial
assistant rabban from Buffalo: Henry A.
Collins, imperial high priest and prophet
from Toronto; Canada; Alvah Clayton, the
imperial oriental guide from St. Joseph,
Missouri; -"William S. Brown, the imperial
treasurer from Pittsburg; Benjamin
Rowell, the imperial recorder from Bos
ton. George Street, the imperial mar
shal, comes from the south, from Rich
mond; Rial Peck, the imperial first cere
menial master, represents . New England,
Its own, for the weighty responsibilities
of the whole body rest upon Its shoulders.
l<ut It has the privileges, too, that go
with high. of5.ce. Not the least of these
talk over. This meeting will be a tre
mendously mysterious affair and blessed
«tre the privileged who may enter therein.
The Imperial Council has troubles ofA book that will appeal most strongly
to the more corpulent of our readers is
one that has recently appeared from the
Foods for the Fat.
Brawn by Vigneux. Engraved by Henry. Print belonging to
Count Primoli of Rome, and bearing the following interesting testi
mony written by the Prince Gabrielli himself, a relative of the Em
peror: ''Only portrait of the Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte that re
sembles himj- Bought in Paris by, the Prince Don Pietro Gabrielli in
December, 1809."
EMPEROR NAPOLEON. '
The general trend of the book is reason
ably optimistic, though faults in tha
working of our Government are fairly In
dicated. (Published by the American
Book Company, New York. Price 73
cents.)
"The Government; "What It Is; What
It Does," by Salter Storrs Clark, is a vol-.
ume which is entirely . different from the
average cut-and-dried text book in civics.
It is more like an able teacher's. verbal
presentation of the . subject to his class
than like anything else. The style is
clear-cut, forceful and full of life. The
matter is presented -suggestively and the
pupil is led to draw inferences for him
self. Comparisons of our Government
with those of other countries are fre
quent; the Illustrations of the actual
workings of the system are detailed and
vivid, and government is shown to be a
science, a complete system, which has a
practical part in our every-day life. Sup
plementary work, giving questions which
will force the pupil to think over what
he has studied, are appended to each
chapter and a complete index is Included.
The Government.
THE PRINCE OF THB CAPTTVTTY— -By
Sidney C. Grler. L. C. Page & Co., Boston.
$1 50.
A LATIN GRAMMAR FOR SCHOOLS— By
Andrew Fleming West. IX Appletoa & Co.,
New York. 90 cents.
MY CAPTIVE— By J. A. Altshel«r. D. Appl»
ton & Co., New York. $1 25.
A PASTEBOARD CROWN — By Clara Mor
ris. Charles Scribner"3 Sons, New Tork. $1 BO.
THE WAY OF THE WEST— By General
Charles King-. Rand, McNally & Co.. Chicago.
PROGRESSION TO IMMORTALITY— By H.
S. Brooks. A. W/essels Company, New York.
50 cents.
THE STORY OF MARY MACLANE— By
Herself. Herbert S. Stone & Co., Chicago.
PRINCIPLES OF CHESS — By Jame* Ma
son. Horace Cox, "Windsor House, Bream' a
buildings. E. C. London. ' . ¦
THE SEIGNEUR DE BEAUFOY— By Ham
ilton Drummond. L. C. Pag» & Ox. Boston,
$1 SO.
ANIMAL FORMS (a second book of loology)
—By David S. Jordan. M.S., M.D., Ph.D.,
LL.D., and Harold Heath, Ph.D. D. Appletoa
& Co.. New York. $1 10.
A WELSH WTTCH-^By Allen Raise. D. Ap
pleton & Co., New York. $1. '
THE STORY OF ANTMAXr IJFE— By B.
Lindsay. D. j Appleton & Ca.V.New Tork. 35
cents. > ., .-. . -. . '¦ ,£ •
-V Books Received.
THE DESERT- AND THE SOWN— By Mary
Hallock Foot?. .'-'Hough ton. Ml Win & Co., Bos
ton.' ; $1 eo. ¦" v : .-' .' - • ¦> :';;
"Mon Oncle et Mon Cure." by Jean
de la Brete, edited j for scfiool use by
Elizabeth M. White of the Worcester
(Mass.) High School, has just been . pub
lished by the American Book Company,
New York. This story, crowned by the
French Acadomy for its beneficial ten-»
dencies, is one cf the few that illustrate
the brightness and vivacity of the French
novel without any moral defects to ren
der it unsuitable for school purposes. The
subject-matter is most interesting; the
style clear, though perfectly idiomatic;
and the Modern Language Association
has recommended it for class reading.
Foot notes explain obscure points and re
fer the student to those words in the
complete vocabulary under which may be
found the renderings of idiomatic phrases.
T-> aid In impressing the words and con
structions used more firmly upon
the mind of the student there Is added a
series of graded composition exercises
based on the ¦text of each chapter for
translation from English Into French.
(Price 50 cents.) •-• .. . <• jJ*r
Trench Book.
Interprets the peerless discovery of cos
mical chemistry, which declares that the
elements of which the sun Is composed
are no other than the elements that form
the earth beneath our feet. The book is
published by D. Appleton & Co., New
York. Price $1 SO.
press of Brentano's, New Tork, entitled
"Foods for the Fat." The title further
explains that the volume is devoted to
"The Diatetic Cure of Obesity— With
Chapters on the Treatment of Gout by
Diet." The author is a man standing
high as an authority In the medical world
—Nathaniel Edward Yorke-Davies, licen
tiate of the Royal College of Physicians
of London. This Is the twelfth edition
of the work, so the methods expounded
must have been found efficacious. Part I
deals with corpulency, recent methods of
treating obesity, the food required. Its
ures and ultimate elimination, the uses
of fat in the body, the evils of overeating:
and time for meals and the amount of
food to-be consumed". ' Part II is given
over to the subject of gout. In part III
Is discussed stimulants in obesity and
gout, aerated waters and drinks, the use
of tea and coffee, biscuits, beef tea,
soups, preserved fruits and meats. In
part IV the question of exercise is taken
up in detail. Part V presents the die
tetics of obesity and gout and tells of
articles of diet suitable for the fat and
the gouty. The book closes with a num
ber of receipts for the preparation of
scups, fish, meats, vegetables, saccharin,
fruits, jellies and creams, sauces for flan,
meats, etc., and beverages. ¦ *
NAPOLEON.
Engraved In 1841 by Luis, after a painting made In 1837 by
Delaroche, now in the Standish collection, and called the "Snuff
box."
years' Intimate knowledge of court life
and personal acquaintance with Louis
XIV. Madame de Maintenon, Philippe
d'Orleans, and the Regent, Philippe de
Chartres, Due d'Orleans.
The eighth book in the series, contain
ing letters of "Madame," second wife of
Philippe d'Orleans; of Madame de Main
tenon, and of Adelaide, wife of the Due
de Bourgogne, proved a good supplement
to the memoirs of Saint-Simon, for it
presented to us In a different light the
important personages we had already met
through his introduction.
Volumes nine and ten, two of the four
tcoks that have Just been published, con
cern themselves with the "Journal and
Memoirs of the Marquis d'Argenson," a
title that gives rather an incorrect idea
of the work, for, as Miss Wormeley ex
plains:
"It Is a collection of notes and mem
oranda, written down occasionally in con
nection with the events of the date given,
but more frequently as the reflections of
century. Salnte-Beuve has this to say of
"the more frivolous Abbe de Bernis," from
whom we shall see the serious man insen
sibly emerging:
"He was born at Salnt-Marcer d'Ar
dech, in VIvarais, May 22, 1715, of an an
cient race of high nobility. As a younger
son he was destintd for the church. Ho
came to Paris for his first studies at the
Jesuit College (Louis Le Grand) and he
did his philosophy and his theology at the
seminary of Salnt-Sulpice j and the Sor
bonne. We find him successively canon
and Comte de Brlonde, canon and Com te
de Lyon, that is to say, a member of
chapters for which he was ¦ required to
give proofs of very ancient nobility; these
positions were for him merely honorary.
While awaiting benefices that did not
come the Abbe-Comte . de Bernis entered
society, for which he was made, especial
ly that portion of It which is called the
great world, but in it he lived as poor as
the poorest of- new-comers. For' year3
Bernis supported gayly and with indiffer-
NAPOLEON'S LAST DAY.
From, a sculpture by Vela.
The former volumes of the series cov
ered the period of the reigns of Louis
XIII and Louis XIV very thoroughly.
The letters of Madame de Mottville, com
prised in the first three volumes, gave us
an excellent idea of the court of Louis
XIII and the life of Anne of Austria. The n
came four books devoted to the memoirs
of Saint-Simon, the matter having been
abridged from twenty volumes in the
original. His careful record covers sixty
Numbers 9 and 10 are the journal ajid
memoirs of the Marquis d'Argenson, pub
l.'shed from the autograph manuscript in
the library of the Louvre by. E. J. B.
Rathery- Eleven and twelve contain the
memoirs and letters, of the Cardinal de
Bernis. The introductions to both sets
are by C. A. Sainte-Beuve, while the
translating has been excellently done by
Katharine Prescott Wormeley. All of the
books are filled with portraits from the
originals. They have been reproduced in
colors and are fine examples of up-to
date process work.
Four more volumes have just been add
ed to the excellent Cour de France Edi
tion, published by Hardy, Pratt & Co.,
Boston. This makes a total of twelve
¦volumes In the series up to date.
French Memoirs.
As it Is, however, this work well de
serves a place in the library of every
situdent or reader of history.
there days when indexes are so gener
ally found it is a matter for surprise that
so excellent and carefully executed a
work as this by Mr. Josselyn should not
have been provided with one.
Of a somewhat later period is Cardinal
de Bernis, who resided in Rome as Em
bassador of France from 1769, and where
he died in 1794. His was one of the most
graceful and polished minds of the last
Rene-Louis, Marquis d'Argenson, was
the eldest son of Marc-Rene, the celebrat
ed lieutenant general of police during the
last eighteen years of Louis XIV and
keeper of the seals under the regency. He
was born in October, 1694. and died in
1757. His brother, the favorite son, was
leng Minister of War' under Louis XV
and a* very .popular man. The Marquis
did not share to any 'great extent the pop
ularity of his brother at that time, but he
has come to be highly esteemed as a fair
minded man and one who had the inter
ests of his country at heart. He held Im
portant positions during his life and was
peculiarly well situated to truthfully
chronicle the happenings from the minis
try of the Due de Bourbon throughout
the whole duration of that of Cardinal de
Fleury and beyond it.
These notes and reflections will give the
reader a capital portrayal of the first
forty years. in the reign of Louis XV and
well illustrate the political and social cor
ruption that ultimately brought about the
horrors of revolution and the downfall of
royalty in France.
Naturally, in the original there was
much repetition and uninteresting mate
rial; this has been eliminated, and the
translation as it now stands in its
abridged form presents all that readers
would care for. • ¦
a iSan in his study on the men and topics
that filled his mind."
It Is to be heped that a future edition
will be provided with an index; which
would be far more handy than obtaining
the desired Information by the above pro
cess. That Is the only point lacking to
make the present book one most desir
able for handy reference. A cyclopedia
of a general character, or a diptionary,
is its own index by reason of Its alpha
betical arrangement; tut a search through
marginal readings is slow at best and In
By using the general heads and dates
as above given, which .divide the cyclo
pedia into its four parts or periods, any
student looking for some particular point
upon which he seeks enlightenment can
sift his search down to a perusal of the
marginal reference for the precise matter
desired.
Mr. Josselyn cannot be blamed in this
respect, however, for his title of cyclo
pedia shows that he has intended his
work more for reference than for general
reading. The book shows the greatest
care and hard work on the part of the
author to make as smooth reading as
possible, but the style is bound to seem
abrupt where you are constantly chang
ing from one anecdote by one author to
another on the same or a different
theme and by a different author. You no
sooner become interested along one line
than you are switched off to some other
phase or incident, as the case may be.
Unavoidably, there is considerable repe
tition; quite necessary for the good of
the book as a reference work where the
point is to get the same incident as
viewed by dlfferen. historians, but tire
some in a way to one who reads for
the incident alone and not for its vari
ation.
The book is a sort of multum in parvo
for those who would acquire a passing
acquaintance with the life of one of the
greatest generals the world has ever
known. Reading it through you should
ga: in your mind's eye "The True Napo
leon," for the parts of the volume are
made up of the writings of so many dif
ferent authors and authorities that the
effect is a composite mental picture
closely approximating the man as he ac
tually was. Further the book is of use
for practical reference to those who
would inform themselves upon some for
gotten or hazy point in their mind con
cerning Napoleon. In this matter of use
as a kind of cyclopedia lies the greatest
practical value of the volume; for in a
book made up of clippings, as it were,
there is a lack of continuity rather dic
couraging to one reading from cover to
cover.*
The other four parts of the volume
cover^ the different periods in the life of
Napoleon as follows: "Napoleon: Boy
and Man. 1767-1S21"; "The Soldier. 1790
1S15": "Emperor and- Statesman, 1799
1815"; "Exile and Philosopher, 1815-1821."
The author has picked his matter from
the writings of all the standard authori
ties who have devoted their pens to Na
poleon. He has taken a bit here and a
bit there and finally having at his com
mand all necessary to illustrate his sub
ject he has rearranged and classified it,
giving a marginal credit to the author
from whom he quotes. He divides his
book into six parts. In one he gives a
chronology of Napoleon's life and in an
other he uses under the general head of
"Napoleon: The Man of the World." an
extract from Emerson's "Representative
Men."
In his preface, Mr. Josselyn states the
purpose of his book: "It is not my pur
pose to write a life of Napoleon; this
volume is simply a compilation of anec
aotes and opinion incident to himself and
his times, and. like J. T. Headley, the
author cf 'Napoleon and His Marshals,'
I pretend to no originality except that,
like him, I have grouped what I believe
to be Interesting facts already given to
the world and have used without any
hesitation any reliable author that could
help me. It may save many who are in
terested in the life of Napoleon the
trouble of wading through many volumes
to find that which they would like to
read. The book is, as its title represents,
a dictionary of events."
Before commenting upon the text due
credit must be given to the typographical
work of the volume and the illustrations.
Some of the portraits are shown on this
page. It would be impossible to repro
duce clearly in a newspaper the details
in the battle scenes of Napoleon's career
that have been favorite themes with ar
tists, but these have been excellently well
done by half-tone process in the book
itself. The volume is also provided with
an outside cover of heavy cloth and paper
handsomely decorated that proves both
ornamental and usefuL
•¦» W R. CHARLES JOSSELYN, a
/\ /I Calif ornian and a prominent
I I member of the Bohemian Club
V. "* I of San Francisco, now appears
JL in the new role of author. Mr.
Josselyn has spent years of his
life in the study of Napoleon and has also
traveled extensively that he might see
with bifl own eyes and acquire by person
al observation a familiarity with those
localities made renowned by the pres
ence and deeds of the great general. First
Consul, and Emperor of France. His
book, ju?t produced in handsome form by
R. H. Russell of New York, is called
•The True Napoleon, A Cyclopedia of
Events In His Li'fe."
"The" Earth's Beginning" is illustrated
'with four colored plates and numerous il
lustrations. The purpose of the book is
to give as clearly as possible a popular
explanation of the great problem ex-'
pressed in the titlei Sir Robert presents
in a simple yet comprehensive manner an
exposition of the nebular theory and de
scribes the marvelous processes by which
our globe was evolved from chaos. He
also applies the nebular" theory to ac
count for the sun itself, giving its history,
.its heat arid its present influence over the
system of planets of which it is the cen
ter. He shows how it accounts for the
continued maintenance of solar radiation,
the earth's rotation, the structure of the
rings of Saturn and the volcanoes of the
moon; why a collier experiences increas
ing heat as he descends the coal pit, and
why the planet Jupiter is marked with
those belts that have so much Interest
for the astronomer. Above all, his book
A book that will be found admirable
reading for persons of any age is the re
cent work from the pen of Sir Robert
Stawell Ball, LL.D., F. R. S., called "The
Earth's Beginning." Others of this
author's books that will be favorably re
membered are "The Story of the Sun,"
"An Atlas of Astronomy," "Star Land,"
etc. Sir Robert is Lowndean professor of
astronomy ana geometry in the Univer
sity of Cambridge, director of the Univer
sity,, Observatory, etc.
The Earth's Beginning.
"Finally Louis XV gave him a pension
of 1500 francs a year, and a lodging under
the eaves of the Tuileries; up to this time
Bernis had lived in the house of one of
his relatives, the Baron de Montmorency.
* * * Impatience came to him at last,
and, seeing that he had so much trouble
in making a small fortune, he resolved on
attempting to make a large one; it proved
much easier to do. He began by being
"Bernis, man of society,, of agreeable
conversation and of safe arid brilliant in
tercourse, to which his ambition seemed
limited, was early known to Mme. de
Pompadour: he was in favor with her as
well as with the King, but he had never
as yet obtained anything toward making
his fortune. It was the French Academy
that opened his way to it. /He was elect
ed a member at the close of 1744, that is
to say, when he was 29 years of age. He
succeeded the Abbe Gedoyn and was re
ceived on the same day as the Abbe Gir
ard, the grammarian. * * * In the year3
that followed his reception Bernis figures
more than once at the head of the acad
emy on the solemn occasions when it was
required to appear at Versailles. * * •
"He began by making verses to his
'Dieux Penates' (173G), as Gresset did upon
his 'Chartreuse.' These verses of Bernis,
done at 21 years of age, have all Gresset' s
defects; they have also his facility and
his flow, of language..* ¦*. "This pro
nounced "literary taste, which was, as it
were, -the advertisement of a careless and
worldly life, did Bernis much harm in his
career. Cardinal de Fleury, a friend of
his family, , sent for him and told him that
if he .continued in that course he must
expect nothing so long as he (Cardinal de
Fleury) lived. On which Bernis bowed
humbly an'd made his well-known speech:
'Monsignor, I will wait.'
ence this cramped condition, this contrast
between his tastes and his situation, be
tween all that he saw and did not have.
That rotund and ample figure, that hand
seme rounded face and triple chin which
strike us in the portraits of Bernis as an
old man, came to him rather early in life;
but at first something childlike and deli
cate mingled with them, and always, even
to the last, his people kept its distinction
and elegance; the forehead and eyes were
very fine. . ' ' . : .: ,
sent as Embassador . to Venice In 17.52.
•.••••• The inaction which he felt from
the first was to grow more and more into
a burden. upon him; and it was thus that
ennui ended, little by little, by inoculating
him with ambition. • * * Bernis never
became a great directing Minister. Fate
did not give him time to repair his mis
takes or correct his hazardous undertak
ings; but Bernis was always an excellent
Enibassador ; he had insinuation, concili
ation, courtesy; he represented his posi
tion taste and magnificence; he will
always be the model of a French Embas
sador, in Rome, such as he was for twenty
years." . • •
His intimate friendship with Mme. de
Pompadour_ makes the memoirs of Cardi
nal de Bernis one of the most interesting
writings on this period of history.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CcridUct^d by
Illustrations From "The True Napoleon,"
Published by R. H. Russell, New York.
THE TRUE NAPOLEON
XOi-th Illt£s1rcrtion*r in y^^ Bj^
Bi * ° f L^/W^^ Ought to .
An Altogether Charming A Story of Greaa Historic
Story of Love aend Vr3^}*C (3} ¦Ax Value Attractively
Adventure. - S //^ Written.
Now Ready and ':' for Sale^ Everywhere.
THE moods of a maid and the adventures of a Revolutionary hero are here worked up into on« of the most fascinating and exritteg
tales yet written about the stirring days of the Revolution. Merton Balfort, the hero, and his fellow-soldiers. John Acton and Robert
Curtis, are bound up together by both choice and circumstance much as were the "three guardsmen" of Dumaa, and their adventures
&re no less thrilling and romantic than the deeds of those classic heroes. Rarely has there appeared in fiction a maid of such versatile
powers to charm and pierce the soul of a lover as the tantalizing royalist, Dborah Philipse, for whom the hero gets into trap after trap,
risking. life and honor for her sake, only to be ignored and insulted a few moments afterward, until— but that's the story; and'a charming,
graphic and original denouement it presents./
. Every one' who loves the scenes of galloping cavaliers, brave ewordplay. desperate adventures and the flash and charm of a same of
hearts will want to read NONE BUT THE BRAVE—
PUBLISHER.S, 372 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YOR.K;
k ...Sale.- 1
I Library
11 Cat&logve vpoa applicalloa.
1 Fine Library Editions ol Standard^
j | Works, Perted Condffloo.
j! Large CoUcctton.
| Elder S Shcpard,
1 23S Post Street, San Francisco.
Rp a Writpr ™ ?
QOQ fllllCI TaIent i
Earn money writing- stories and articles.
Send Etamp for booklet WHAT WRITERS
NEED and special summer offer. -Manuscripts
prepared for publication. The Writers* Aid
Association. 15CT Nassau et.. New Tork.It, there are marvelous poeslblltles ta ths
way of dress transformations this ' year.
Tiny choux of white ribbon are used
for fastening a flounce to a skirt and the
woman with . fifteen minutes to spare can
change her plain white taffeta Into a laco
trimmed gown,. or can give, her rose chif
fon the one touch needed to make It quite
a dream. .;. ' ; ¦ ' ¦•
The ' dinner. . gowns of the summer are
not so very low In the neck.; The tenden
cy Is more toward the higher neck and
the trimmed neck. .The bertha of laco
and flowers, the flounce of embroidered
silk and the rose garland are used : for
bordering the neck. Chiffon' ruffles are
spangled with glass dewdrops and caught
around the rounded neck and one sees
the cross over fichu in gauze folded over
the breast and fastened at the belt line
under the arms. ... ¦; * ,. ,'¦ \
Immensely stylish" dinner bodices - are
heavy Is embroidered and worked la
metals and In silks. so that tho front Is
really a weighty fabric Upon ono shoul
der the plainness Is relieved by an orna
ment of some sort, usually a great silken
rose.
Dinner sleeves ars most Interesting.
They vary' from tho sleeve which Is no
sleeve at all, but only a strapping:, to tho
sleeve which ' Is long and shirred from
top to bottom, with a chiffon outaida and
a taffeta lining.- But such sleeve's are
waning,, a • little In their popularity and
the sleeve that Is liked Is tho elbow
sleeve. . ¦ .
It is strange how tho elbow sleeve Is
catching, on. "Women looked at It at first
askance, then grew .to admire it ana to
try It. At first -one, feels, awkward in an
elbow sleeve. It is neither one thing
nor the other. Then one becomes accus
tomed : to it and one's elbows no longer
bother one. ¦»
different On* fray, quite new. shows •
laco flounce a finger and a half deep, set
over a little silk ruffle, which Is a llttla
deeper than the lace. This Is used to
border the entire neck of a gown, which
Is cut low enough to show the shouldora
of the wearer.
The most becoming of all fancies nsw
holds sway, which Is for th« Insetting o£
lace In a gown. The laca diamond set
Into tho yoke, and repeated at frequent
Intervals, Is as fine and tasteful a thins
as could be devised. The laco yoke, th •
sleeves with lace points aet In at th«
shoulder, the deep laco cuffs that coma
to the elbow and tho lacy panels let Into
the skirt, all theso rive but a sugsestlon
of the numerous ways in which tho lacs
Inset can be employed.
The Question of pin tucilnj corns* 119
again, both In the consideration of dinner
gowns and fn the making of dresses fos
street and calling. That the trimming u
made of ' lace, 1 " very heavy •; and ¦ stiffened
underneath. They remind ¦ one[ of thoso
coats of ; mail which ', were so', fashionable
at 'one ¦:' time. All , of ijets: or ; of 'silver
spangles- or- glittering ¦ with .steel., these
pieces of : armor formed waists and whole
gowns. : ; Indeed , one sees them j yet. . -'
.The heavy lace bodice Is' decollete and
sleeveless except .for straps' upon/' the
shoulder. ' The j lace' besides t being very
-There are sleeves that are' merely a
deep ; band , of insertion with . a little rib
bon run in the lower edge and these are
pretty and comfortable. •• The band is
sometimes six inches deep and Is finished
with 'a little Jabot of lace at the back.
There are so many ways of; using the
lace flounce, which Is so often seen
around the. neck of. a low or semi-low
bodice that/ with each gown, the effect is
a favorite one there Is no doubt, but that
it is a great deal of work is also Well es
tablished.
By pin tucking is meant the smallest
tuck that can be made and the only eafa
way to construct a pin tuck is by hand.
The putting in of the tiny tuck3, on© af
ter another, until the whole waist or the
whole shirt is so treated is one of th»
tediums of modern dressmaking.
, a chest protector. '
Sometimes they come in a V shape,
often square, but more frequently circu
lar. A V-shaped piece of lace is dressed
up ever so much by a pleating of chiffon,
•which, though perishable, is not expens
ive and Is always dainty. Mulls, linen
and lawn have been pressed into . service,
and their chief attraction is their wash
abilfty. They are pretty as well. With
plenty of tucks, yards of insertion and
miles of Valenciennes lace they make as
smart a collar as' ever the most fastidious
could; wish for. Let me tell you a Uttla
¦secret right here. No 'matter how care
ful one may be, the collar Is bound to be
more or less crushed and rumpled. A
hot/iron, a' few deft strokes and two sec
onds' time and there you are all fresh
sweet and dainty "again. "
It . makes no " difference where you ara
or where you Intend to be." A collar, or. a
ruff 'is almost indispensable for your
welfare and" happiness.-. It softens the..
face, brings out' the fresh,' rosy color, nils
in the throat, gtvesone a'feeling of satis-"
f action/ besides: being i mighty "swagger
and . smart. ¦"_
Butfor the woman , with, a fad, for laco'
and the money, or the luck to possess'
A collar made of half silk and half
linen tucked solidly and edged with a
fine piece of ecru lace makes all the dif
ference in the world. . They are large
enough- to fall over the shoulder; 1 and are
plenty long enough in front to : serve ' as
Look at the black . silk cloak. For
morning wear— and some people will In
sist on wearing them— they should look
plain, even severe, but after the clock
strikes 12 It is time for the butterfly to
sail forth and then the . somber appear
ance is not demanded nor desired.
And they are such handy things, too.
Take, for instance, a plain tailor suit and
dress It up with an ecru Battenberg and
note what a difference it makes. An
ordinary silk waist will spruce: up and
consider itself fit to shine at the theater
if tha,t all-concealing and convenient
piece of neckwear is forthcoming.
And besides these ruffs there are other
accessories that are swell and which look
quite as fit, and, more to the point, do
net cost as much. The laco collar is an
other petted child of Dame Fashion Just
at present. ' ' .
are made in white, with a dash of black,
for this Is essentially a white summer
and the same style will be carried out
more fully next winter. However, there
are people who think a little about dura
bility, and whatever else white chiffon is,
it is not serviceable. Once In a while one
tees them in a pale pink or a delicate
blue, but aB they open the purse strings
generously, one hesitates before getting
a furbelow that cannot be worn with
everything. That Is the beauty of black
and white— no matter what color the
frock is, it never looks amiss. ¦
One inexperienced in this line of goods
would naturally think that ribbon an
inch and a half wide would not only be
too heavy for the frail material', but that
it would look so as well. But it really
does not The touch of black is- the mak
ing of the ruff, for unless some liberties
are taken all of them would look exactly
alike, barring color.
A swagger one for evening wear la
made of the softest kind of white chiffon.
It is made in four layers and each one
is decidedly separate and distinct. The
lower Is of the chiffon, but heavily edged
with black chiffon ribbon. The next is
a ruffle of the white absolutely plain and'
not very full. Then comes the crowning;
glory. The third ruffle is appliqued witfi
black lace in the most delicate intricate
pattern possible. Here one finds a rose
and there a leaf, while between the two
may be a tiny bud that has strayed away
from home. The strain of black Is in
evidence about the edge again, but It
looks a fit ' topping for the lace design.
Next to the face is a perfect mass of
the plain cl.iffon, and its soft daintiness
helps Dame Nature along In her good
work not a little. The ends are of the'
plaited material and two shirrlnss take
away that fragile look that always ac
companies mousseline. Over the $ last
pleating a plain band of material, heavily
appliqued. Is laid on to further carry out
the lace effect.
Sometimes in the more expensive' ones
—though heaven knows that none of
them are what one could call cheap— a
flower fashion is to be found, and right
swagger it is/ too.
Instead of colored frills the material Is
Ehirred time and time again for .the
lower end upper row. The center pieces
must necessarily be ruffles, and Just in
the center of the back is a single flower,
such as a rose, in black lace.
Ey the way, the great majority of ruffs
are straight pieces of veiling -with round
ed ends. By way of variety a plain ruffic
finishes each one. Just where the 'ruche
and tab meet is a, six-end bow of heavy
double-faced * velvet ribbon, and about
half way down the tab, or at about the
wai6t line, another bow breaks the mo
notony.
WOMAN'S delight and man's
abomination haB arrived in full
force. Woman's delight because
it enhances her beauty and af
fords her plenty of sport;
man's abomination because it causes him
embarrassment and annoyance.
What is it. you ask? Why. nothing
more nor less than the pretty, fluffy, de
lurive ruche.
Stand on a corner -where the matinee
girl passes and watch events. Tripping
daintily down the street, clad in all her
finery, she will come. Just as she is in
a bee-line -with you a breath of wind
•will catch the filmy thing- and It will suc
cessfully blind you for the moment. A
hurried apology, a snatching back of the
tabs, a fleeting smile, and, the matinee
girl has departed to do exactly the same
thing with exactly the same result, but
with another, quite another, fellow.
But there Is another- kind that affords
more fun by literally catching and holding
a etray chap.
"I've caught him, I've caught him," one
•will hear some gushing girl say, and the
remark will bring a 6mile to the face of
even' one. but the real seeing would pro
voke a merry laugh.
Instead of merely blowing in his face
one of the myriads of loops and ends will
twine about a button, or his watch charm,
his hand— anything. In fact, and there it
will stay as though possessed of an evil
spirit. It takes two hands, much fumbling
ani many smiles to loosen, by this time,
the willing victim, and not infrequently
this will-*o-the-wisp thing is responsible
for a quiet flirtation on the side.
One of the most demure appearing is
made of black taffeta with Just a suspi
cion of white. The part that encircles
the ruche is cut like so many ears, and
is fully pleated so that they stand on
ends and spread like a peacock's tail.
All a-bout the edge runs a double frill of
soft black ribbon stitched with white silk.
But the ends are what play the mischief.
"Come a seven, come a 'leven," and you
have it. Seven strands of the ribbon are
run up and down for length, and eleven
pieces are crossed in the opposite, direc
tion, giving the latticed effect- About the
last frill is a full pleating of soft chiffon,
which in turn is finished with the black
and white ribbon.
It Is quiet yet thoroughly smart look-
Ing, but oh, my, the amount of damage
all that lattice work con do. Even the '
fourth man away on the Etreet car Is
not exempt, for it reaches out and out in
quest of game.
One more billowy Is made of white
veiling. A heavy piece, well covered with
dots, for they give stability to the ma
terial. The collar is made of yards and
yards of double ruchlr.gr, packed In as
tightly as they possibly can be. The
ruches are edged with another double
ruche of white ribbon stitched with black
and th« two are put together on whet
one would call the bias. The conse
quence Is an individuality of each row and
the thread of black winds here and there
with remarkable distinctness. The tabs
THE STTISTDAY CALL.
FRILLS AND FURBELOWS
FOR THE
SUMMER GIRLTHE SrOSTDAT CALX.WAGES WAR ON
PANAMA ROUTE
.' villon.-., ¦'..•¦•¦¦ ' ¦ .-¦ : .
" Saturday: ; ¦;. Mornlnir—Ex
cursion .on '.the -bay. - Even
inc— Banquet ; in :'¦ the Pavil
ion. • •, .;.¦...._ , '• « ,. .;-¦ . ;. .
sryVXDAX ' and" Monday—
/ V|^ Reception of visitor*
, all"pBr(s.
'Tuesdays Mornini;—
. '" .[ ' Day . parade . and escort
' of Imperial Council to Golden
, Gate " Hail. Afternoon—ia
-*< dies' reception mt Lick
House. _Eveninsr-- r Parade of
Patrola and rally nt Pa
;; Tllldn"; # "•
;• -Wednesdaj-: ; . . ¦ Morning 7
';.' Trip* to TnmalpalR. After
• noon-— Reception .by Lor An
; sreles Tentple at" the Palace.
Evening —— Promenade ' con
cert at Pavilion. ; '.-.. *...¦'
\f, TUnriiday: Morning— —Drive
' to Cliirj Presidio and tlirouph
¦ 'Park. ",- Afternoon— 'Conipeti- •
. ttye drill at Oakland Park.
¦ jEvening:— -Concert in the Pa- '
¦.•.'Yiiion^:/ :'¦"". ;./'. ; ' v "¦'/
'-/• Friday » -"Mornlnar— Trip by
rail'.' on nlitlibone track.
Evenlnsr— Ball ; at i- the Pa-
EVENTS FOR
SHRINER WEEK
,'i Miss 1 Ellingt6n*'f appeared ,in . the role of
•Fleui'. Vie- Lis. in /•Notre.Da'me,'.' at'- Daly's
'.Theater; New.'York",',last; winter. She ls.t'o"
play.- the 'saine t ip"art» In'" Miss : Bertha '. Gair
land's I'cqmpariyf nextV season,, aiid; .McAl
lister," 1 ' too7'it : 1^'said, wlir be In that'orgah-'
izatlon. • ' ' ":¦ \;^ ¦ -. '¦"'' ¦¦ '¦.--..,¦ ;.
RICHMONP, A'a.; June -7.— To /increase
the interest" local ; already? feels j in
Halli McAllister, ; the nephew of the - late
•Ward? McAllister.- who ; ; is : playing.in; a
stock company here, comes the report that
he is "engaged to marry Mlsa. Margaret El
lington; the leading woman ;of -the organ
ization '/of .Iwhlch he Is -^a member. Mc
:AllisteriVwhenl questioned as to ; this re
iport"; tb-day,- pleasantly remarked- that he
hbpctl It was /so, , and would sayf no f more
on the subject* .'. . ¦'. - ..- . . .. :
McAllister will wed
•• /.AN V EASTERN i'ACTIlESS
The force of artisans and decorators
that for. a:. week. has been decorating the
Mechanics' Pavilion, has transformed the
interior of the big building Into a very ; at-
; tractive place,. under the . direction of
Chief Decorator Frank 1 ' E. Pratt. From
one end "to the other there/ has;, been
formed' an , arch .of American flags, while
the sides are' a mass of bannerets "of all
Icclo'fs', relieved here and there. with huri
idreds/of hanging baskets of flowers and
'trailing - plants.' In the ' center . of the
:bui!dingV at the /galleries', are, on one side
'tbiogreat seal, of state and/on the other a
/California scene, while at . the/Polk-street
endtnere'is a large picture of the Golden
Gate in the -background, and In the .fore
ground are/typical scenes representing. the
Industries of the State. This Is, flanked on'
each eide with' large patriotic; pictures,"
surmounted by the /American and English
hcblcrs. ¦_ while over the main [ picture /there
:i<5. a /canopy/ of flags. The center piece Is
a ,laVge hanging. "arrangement of yellow
Illusion, from- the edges t of which : hang
hundreds of electric bulbs. .From . .the
galleries Howard the center of • the\ arch
arch is, in electric letters.- "Welcome tc
California./* -.-.', . . .
"; -.SUPERB DECORATIONS.
Lezinsky, a merchant of San Francisco,
boarded a Broadway car and paid his
fare. When the car reached Houston
street he was directed by the conductor to
take the car ahead. After he had boarded
the car the conductor demanded his fare.
Lezin^ky refused to pay it, saying he had
paid it on the other/car. The conductor
then ejected him from the car and had
him arrested and locked up for eeveral
flours, but he was" later discharged.. He
brought an action in the United States
Court to recover damages for assault and
lalse arrest. ? /'
— NEW YORK. June 7.— What is consid
ered to be the largest verdict ever ob
tained by a passenger on a street-car line
for damages for being ejected from one of
its cars, on the ground that he had to pay
a second fare, has been sustained by the
appellate division of the Supremo Court
In the case of Eugene L Lezihsky, who
obtained a verdict last November, for
$5000 damages against the Metropolitan'
Street Railway Company.
the Lezfcisky Case in New
York.
Supreme Court Sustains Verdict in
COMPANY MUST PAY
A PASSl£tfGER DAMAGES
SHRINER "WHO CROSSED THE PLAINS IN 1843 WILL. BE THE SCOUT
; TO. LEAD THE EMIGRANT TRAIN ON THE NIGHT OF THE PA-
Continued "on Page Eighteen.
there are many garlands of flowers and
greens, which are to be Illuminated at
night with electric fire; The entrance will
be in palms and evergreen, with Oriental
effects. When the finishing touches shall
have been put on the Pavilion will bo
more gorgeous than it has ever been at
any time since it was built.
Colonel Burgin of the accommodation
committee announces that the different
temples have been assigned to the follow
ing places, but all^of these, with two ex
ceptions, will have their headquarters at
the Palcce:
Aladdin Temple, Columbus, O.. Langham:
Aleppo Temple. Boston, Mas?.. St. Nicholas;
*AI r Kader Temple, Portland, Or., Argryle; AI
Cleveland, O.. EuropeanT*Al Blalaikah,
Xjos Angeles, Grand; Almas, Washington, T>. C.,
Granada and Colonial ; Ararat, Kansas City.
Up.. 'Graystone; Ben Hur, Au3tln, lex.. Wll
; mot; Boumi, Baltimore, Mil., Granada and Coi
onlal; Damascus, Rochester. 1^*. Y.. Calif ornU;
El Jebel. Denver, ~Col., Lang ham; Oriental,
Troy, N.' T., St. Nicholas; Rajah. Readiuj.
Pa.. St. Nicholas; Sphinx. Hartford, Conn.,
St., Nicholas: Syria. Plttsburg. Pa., St.
Denis; Syrian, Cincinnati. O.. Cumberland;
Taarab, Atlanta. Ga., Eugene; Za. Ga Zlg, Den
Jloinea, .la., "VVellesIey; Zurah, MinneapolU.
Minn./ Sutherland; Ilamasa. Meridian. M!as..
Repolter; Ilella, Dallas, Tex.. Pomona; Ismai-
Ua, Buttalo. N. Y., Occidental r Kismet. Brook
lyn.. N. Y.. St. Nicholas: Lulu. Philadelphia.
Pa:. Granada, Pleasonton and Colonial; Mecca,
New York. St. Nicholas and Manhattan; Me
dia. Wotertown, N. J.-. St. Nicholas and Maa
hattan: Moolah, St. Loul3. California.
The officers of Islam Temple announced
yesterday, that it had arranged for a free
emergency hospital and ambulance ser
vice for all visiting Nobles and their fam
ilies, with the following physicians con
stittitlr.g the medical staff of the temple:
Dr. C. G. Kenyon, chief of staff; Dr.
Winslow Anderson, Dr^ J. Stow Ballard,
Dr. . Edgar R. Bryanti Dr. Edwin
Bunnell.y Dr.' A. B. von ' Wefels
burg, Dr. Edna R. Field, Dr. M.
Gardner,, Dr. ( Roland. E. Hartley, Dr.
E' S.; Howard, Dr.- Charles G. Levison.
Dr. Thurlow Miller, Dr. Oscar. J. Mayer.
Dr. A. W. Morton. Dr. T. W. Servlss, oc
ul!;f and aurist; Dr. J. II. Soper.' Dr.
MUcsE. Taylor \
DAUGHTERS OF ISIS.
.Thc'members of the above staff hold
themselves in readiness to wait upon any
visiting .. Noble , or member of his family
requiring medical or surgical attention.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Hospital,
WaJdeckSanjtarlum. St. Luke's and the
'German ¦¦.hospitals', with the ambulance'
service, are at the disposal of the. staff.'
The /following communication has been
received 'by the Call :
Von .Waldersee, an Inspector,' general.
Insisted on inquiries beyond/ the usual
jurisdiction of his office/and Von Biasing
strenuously objected. Von. Waldersee im
mediately left Wesel instead of staying
there six days "as he ( had planned. The
matter was referred to Emperor William.
Infantry Officer.
BERLIN, June 7.— A painful dispute has
arisen between General {Count; yon /WaK
dersee, who, was commander of the allied
forces in China, and' General i,von Blssing,
commander of. the infantry. at Wesel. /'/
Forces Commander and an
VON . WALDERSEE WARS •
. . \7ITH GERMAN
Dispute Arises Between the Allied
Mitchell declared that . by, tho ' Spooner
amendment and" the views of the mlnorit}',
of the canal committee the United States
was not only, invited' to participate -iri a
gigantic lottery scheme, but- also' would
be compelled by r French ',law*controllins/
the canal's construction to. purchase in
France all raw .materials -entering '.into
the canal. ' : - . • "... }.
He pointed out that • -the new Panama
Mitchell denounced the idea, that the
United States, should lend Its name to the
Panama canal enterprise, :. whose history
during the last ten years had' shocked the
sensibilities j of mankind. /.He V declared
that it was "the most rapacious - scheme
of legislative corruption, J journalistic vve
nallty and social" and ' political 'exposure
ever uncovered in' any age or
He asserted that the . launching of the
Panama canal enterprise was"on6;of?the
greatest farces- ever; • witnessed . on ; earth,
either In ancientor in modern times,", arid
that the whole / project was /'one of,. the
most* stupendous goldbrlck ... games -ever
Imposed upon a' people.*.'- '
5 the London dock charges,
the Senate resumed consideration to-day,
of the isthmian canal project, Mitchell of,
Oregon continued his speech begun on
Thursday in opposition to the Panama
route. After considering the engineering'
difficulties of the route, which he regard-'
ed as very serious,; he entered upon a"de
nunciation of the methods of the Panama
Canal Company, which he declared were
the most corrupt in' the history^ of ,tha
world. He warned Congress that. ¦' no
surer -way could' be found to* defeat .the'
construction of any canal than to adopt
the Spooner amendment,' as the United
States could have no connection with the
Panama route without becoming involved
in the intricacies of -the French adven
turers, from which it Vould ' find it im
possible to extricate; Itself. He declared
that any connection this country might
have with the Panama proposition would
result in the defilement of the Govern
ment. • , .
DENOUNCES PANAMA "SCHEME.
'wm- -^ yASHINGTON. June 7.—
tl JSk . J. After transacting j some.
H /H /_ routine business and dis-
. Br cussing for a time the bill
i '-.',¦¦ '. .¦ ' to relieve shippers from' i
Cashier Suspended From Duty and
. There; Are Intimations of
Irregularities.
.. HAVANA. June 7.— Pending an investi
gation of. the , books ; of the Custom-hous'e
. here,' Cashier Acosta has ¦ been suspended
:from' duty. ¦'/¦"¦"'" v :.;¦-¦¦/ /- : ;". '}¦;;'+ ¦'/¦
•Officials of the Customs Department de
cline; to state ; whether ; or not' a fraud: has
been committed, . but the . press (intimates
that ;¦' Irregularities " have j been discovered
"and lays stress 1 upon- the 'statement nhat
these ; alleged .Irregularities occurred: dur
ing .the 'American 'control ; of • the"; island/
' No arrests have . been ; made . in ; connection
with ; the// Investigation .of ; the': Custom-;]
housebooks. . . '';¦%'.'. v :'
ERAUD IS SUSPECTED
IN ! THE ; CUBAN CUSTOMS
WASHINGTON, June 7.— At the opening
of. the, session qf the House 'to-day Can
non, chairman of . the , Committee on: Ap
propriations,', asked unanimous consent to
consider " a resolution ¦' to authorize the
conferees on ¦ the sundry, civil appropria
tion' bill to insert the necessary appropri
ations, ; contained in the 'public/ buildings
omnibus bill. . He explained that .about
$3,000,000 should be appropriated - in', the
sundry civil bill, oh account ofi the omni
bus act which was signed yesterday. It
was customary, he said/ to place this class
of appropriations in the sundry, civil bill,*
and .unless the conferees ori that- bill :wero
authorised .'to insert these appropriations
they .would 1 have to go "into. the- general
deficiency bill, where they did not*prop
erly belong/- ¦-.-• ¦¦"
'There was no objection and the. resolu
tion was '-adopted. J - ¦ '\;
: The 'House' spent; the' remainder of the
day voting upon amendments to the anti
anarchy bill? but 1 alii failed 'except one
proposed by-' McCall of 4 Massachusetts to
strike; from the/anarchist section ' the
word , "assault"; where , it : is ' coupled ' with
"killing" "in the- Inhibition-! against con
ppiring" for the killing 1 of a "/chief /magis
trate, of a foreign country. 'After^ the bill
| had reached the last parliamentary; stage
j before passage De" Armond of Missouri
moved. to recommit. The '• quorum failed
at this point and the House waa: com
pelled to adjourn without' final action.
SIX MILLIONS MORE.
Canal Company had entered Into obli
gatlcns to construct the. canal, andhe in
sisted that the United States, if it should
purchase J the J»anama Canal Company's
rights and property, would bo the legatee
of all obligations of the French company,
Including those to the stockholders of the
old Panama company. In view of all the
conditions he did not think a wise-man
would. invest $40,000,000 ina proposition of
that kind: ' •
In /conclusion, Mitchell declared that if
he were casting about for a way to defeat
'the construction^ of. an isthmian canal he
could find no, better one than the support
ing of! the Spooner amendment. ; He was
satisfied the -Panama canal \ proposition
could not be touched without defilement
-cr' even looked at .without 'loathing. It
v.zs. ; he 4 said, a sink of iniquity which the
United States. ought; not to approach.
% — : ; ; ; : ; ; — t ; r
Senator 'Mitchell Sees Defilement^ to the
Government in Accepting
CHAIRMAN OF THE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE;
AND THE OREGON STATESMAN .WHO J MADE A MOST .VIGOROUS
: DENUNCIATION OF PANAMA ROUTE FOR^^ ISTHMIAN CANAL. *.
r^ The decoration CQinmlttee, under the su
pervision :bf • Colonel Rejchert,
was.- busy transforming the, of
Golden" Gate" 1 Hall, "where the Imperial
• Council is to meet/ into'; a bower • of
: beauty. . The vestibule leading to the as
semblyhall has been formed. Into an aTch;
covered with fish net. In. the. meshes of
:this ; - there . .will y-be . ; placed;: rows of
sweet peas --- of . -.white, . red . and vio-'
¦'•ictT'^ t° convey an 'idea " of. "the'
wealth {¦ of flowers ; In; the Goldon
State, pn-eitherj side/of -the. vestibule |
there will be a row "of palms. In the in
terior of -the hall{ the .gallery,. . has been
draped , ; with ' golden;, ; foulard _: with ball
trimming, and i between eaclrfold there is
"a red electric ' light. From. the bottom^ ot
the gallery -between ¦• each: space in' thd
drapery' is Va !" hanging^^j basket- of fern3.
Against theVall are any" number of Aus
tralian ferns, and fan palms! ¦ while, at: the.
top" of they9? Iumn , s at l n ?" fl ! 0 P t .-? &
the stage: gracefully hang on one side
¦ American flags," crossed, and on the other
Erigilsh '. flags. . also crossed. .: The ,' reason
of this is that the order oxists J in' the Do
.'mini on of Canada as well as in. the" United
States,: and one of the imperial ' officers is
•Noble* Collins,*, the treasurer,' _who 13 a res
ident of Toronto.; On the stage; there win
"be > arranged ' on ' tho >. sides banks of high
palms, and thero will_be a; profusion of
' flcwers a t the \ back. the /session
of theVcouncir the \ will all 1 be
darkened v for . the . purpose, of '.haying - a
n 6s t " beautiful " effect ; of . the : red, . golden
and white,: lights.?. On. .the/' proscenium
"Everybody at Islam .Temple headquar
ters yesterday was as busy as possible ar
ranging the final details to give' the sev
eral approaching' caravans the royal wel
come that Shriners know how to \ give. : .
EaV-h cqmmitteeman- called: to receivelajt
instructions and each promised! to do his
best-to make the affair tho great 1 . success
that is hoped f or ¦ by . the executive . com
mittee. .-".During .the day.- the' front- of the;
headquarters .was decorated ..with • em
blems thatyare to shine at nighU' The up-*
per one is the . Eastern^ Star ln\"red, wiflte,"'
blue, green ¦ and yellow. \ Underneath are
the words ' "Oasis' of Islam" 'arid below
th'atiis the" shrine emblem". ... .. !
BUSY AT HEADQUARTERS.
> _. ,r.TIF most", attractive .feature .of
:^ff. : ' the : W^arket T s\r>ei | /Shriner
B •*¦.'>' decorations 'is.^ttii i Arablij elfec
v'/ B ,trlc'.sigh "stretched vacross,tbat
«^*- * thoroughfarejjuat below' Kear-
V ''-/ny'and;r-Tfiir^- : Jt;il8 '''Es Se
liimu Al Elkum.yvan'd It mea'n8,'/'Peace be
vnto'-you all/*'- This- wilY shine 'in bright
iii^^w'Sf^pl^nt'&t^fee^^Hr^j'S^^ -
.The\ first .;. fun .-was .begun . . yesterday
morning by ;A1 Kader Temple Port-'
land,'-Or., which" opened headquarters In
.the LickJIousc- The temple has secured
two large rooms -on", jj the ; second \ floor,
which have been fitted, up in lavish style. |
One is devoted to' the use of ladies \
and is a dream.of artistic arrangement of
flowers, evergreens . and bright ribbons,
while. the other is set- aside for Shriners.
and? their friends. One, 'of . the' features of
the hospitality that will bedlspensed dur-
ing the week is a large amount of "melt
ed snow, 95.000 years old, bottled expressly
for.Al Kader.Temple by the Mount Hood
Di&tillery : Company, successors to- Adum
and .Eve." •* The -rooms be open, day
and; nisht ajtjdi a generous welcome will
bo extended to allby. the committee of the
ttmple, Captain J. A. .Brown, Thomas
McCusker, : J.' Mr-Hyland-and John :Dukt
. hart. ¦ The . temple will be" represented \ by,
seventy members and these Nobles^ will be
accompanied by about thirty. ladles.
Hand of Greeting Is
j Ready tor ?he
Strangers. r ? ;.;'
Mystic Shriner Hosts
Beginning to ln=
yad&Cijty.
The musical ritual of the coronation
service announced -to-day shows that'
former settings have been closely" *f ul-
Ibwed with a few notable additions. Chief
of these are the anthems especially com
posed by Sir Frederick Bridge, organist
of "Westminster Abbey; Sir Walter Par
ratt, organist of St. • George's Chapel
RoyaL Windsor, and master of the King's
music and Charles H. Parry, director of
the Royal College of Music. The last
named, **I Was Glad," signalizes the en
trance of the royal party into West
minster Abbey. Midway in the anthem a
break Is made so that the boys of West
minster School may exercise their ancient
privilege of greeting their Majesties' by
shouting "Vivat . Rf glna Alexandra,"
"Vivat Rex Edward!?.
.Among the many ancient customs which
the King has revived is one which makes
these who shook their heads over his es
cape from serious injury on board Sir
Thomas Lipton's Shamrock II May 22,
1S0L almost equaly nervous. His Majesty
has now ordered that an old royal barge,
built for George II, be made seaworthy.
This magnificent relic,, with its elaborate
canopy and high stern, will once more be
floated on Virginia. water, and the King's
"jolly watermen" have heen ordered ', on
duty at Windsor, where the castle lake,
after many years, will soon be the scene
of a water pageant. ~^,y.
The King's golden robe has finally been
completed. It is a gorgeous garment,
shaped like a priest's cope, composed of
the finest doth of gold and elaborately
embroidered in various colors.
XUTGrS GOLDEN ROBE.
uncovered. The correct method, accord
ing to the authority of old prints of pre
vious coronations," is to hold up the cor
onet between the finger and thumb.
Another serious point is how the peer
esses are to carry their costly coronets
when the service commands that they be
One of the greatest present anxieties of
the peeresses is how to keep the coronet
on the head. It cannot bs too firmly fixed
for it has to be quickly taken off and
then replaced in accordance . with the
ritual of the service. •
Despite the strict orders issued regard-
Ing the uniformity of the dresses to be
worn by peeresses at the coronation serv
ices, there will be seen the countless va
riations that art and money can devise
without actual disobedience of. the royal
commands. All the dresses must be white,
but many ladies, determined to make their
dresses distinctive ot the occasion and to
preserve them as heirlooms, are having
gowns embroidered with coats of arms,
rational flowers and other devices. These
are being executed in gold and silver, here
and there touched with the forbidden col
ored Bilk in order to bring out the badge
of a. clan or of an ancient heraldic quar
tering. Gold ' embroidery down the sides
cf dresses and on shoulder straps are also
much employed. The Countess of Shrews
bun*, mother of the Earl of polo fame,",
w ill appear, with the exception of hoops,
1n a dress exactly similar to that worn by
the Countess of Eglintoun when George
III was crowned.'
LONDON, June 7.— As the date for the
coronation approaches London is assum
ing a beflagged aspect, the early extent
cf which is to no little 'degree due to the
peace rejoicings. The Indian -and other
foreign Princes, with Oriental costumes,
in the royal carriages, are eights to
¦which London is becoming dally accus
tomed.
The feeding of these notabilities almost
drives the court functionaries to despair.
That most orthodox of Hindu poten
tates, the Maharajah of'Jeypoor, who is
Jiving in stately confinement at Lorain
Lodge, has commanded a complete reno
vation of a neighboring slaughter-house,
which is now exclusively devoted to kill
ing animals reculred by the Maharajah
and his enormous suite. All the slaughter-
Ing operations are, naturally, conducted
Hindu butchers, who enshroud the
slaughter-house with amusing secrecy.
COSTLY GARMENTS.
In the/ natural course^of events ships
will be operated as . well as built, and
further developments, of the combination
arc* contemplated. >','..'.. '..¦
¦¦ One who has madea.carcful study of
the situation made the statement at' one
of the metings' recently held in thls^city
that within -the/ next five y^ars the ship
builders: of the United States 'will take
from the shipbuilders of Europe so much
work that the remainder will' be. shifted
to this side of the Atlantic, and that for
eign" owners will make it a rule to - buy
ships - in , this : country. ' ¦ ; '
' By .extending * equipments for ship con
struction'the yards* that will come. under
single management, will be prepared to
build any "class of craft from a freight
carrying merchant vessel to the largest
ship of war. A. second combination may
make It possible for; big battleships to: bo
completed^even tsarmor plating. 1 j. f;
To no other city will ithe new order of
things, mean /so much as. to New York.
The Crescent ; . Shipyard at. Ellzabethport,
which In reality is .-a ; New .York institu
tion, will »be 'largely;-, rebuilt and wlllbe
so increased in: slze t that It will compare
favorably with larger" yards no w " in oper
ation:.' :• ';v/ ' '-,..- . ; ; ¦ -¦'.';-..¦.. /¦/ ¦•
? Lewis, Nixon,, when seen this afternoon,
refused to discuss the report, that Is cur
rent. When '. pressed for a > confirmation*
he" said:" '-. ' '. S./- ! /' -•"• : ¦•
"Just quote' me as saying . that -there Is
nothing in the report, which at this. time
I can neither /confirm .nor deny."
. . -. » . -
--' . • Special Dispatch- to The Call.. -.
¦ '¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . . * . "¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ' ,'!'¦¦'
NEW YORK, June T.— Arrangements
were completed late .this afternoon for.
underwriting the bends that will be used
by the corporation formed for the purpose
of consolidating at least five of the big,
shipbuilding yards , of, the country. .This
is" the samo amalgamation that was at
tempted last year and whlchtthen failed
because of" the dissatisfaction expressed
by the investing public with. the form of
securities offered. The project was never
abandoned,' and since May, 1901, . plans
have been. slowly maturing.
.No.- one -'could be . found to-day -who
would give the full list of yards now in
terested in th'e'deal. Among others known
to be concerned are the Bath Iron '"Workfe
and Bath 'Windlass Company of Bath,
Me.; Crescent Ship Yards of Elizabeth
port, N. J. : Newport 'News Shipbuilding
anl Dry Dock Company : of Newport
News, Va.; Union "Iron "Works of Sa4i
Francisco: Harlan '&. Holllngsworth of
Wilmington, Del. ; . <
NIXON IS THE MANAGER.
' At the head of this great concern . as
manager will be Lewis Nixon of the Cres
cent Ship Yards, who is also closely allied
with the Cramps of \ Philadelphia, and
who never has ceased to labor to bring
about consolidation since' the project wa3
first broached. /; :,.' v .;
¦ Beyond the fact that /the underwriting
of securities of the proposed corporation
had been /upon, nothing could be
learned fromT those 'most interested.
;Everywhere'an . attempt was * made - to
¦keep the affajr quiet, thpugh' it was ad
'mitted'- that,' .all of ?the ¦ details -will ?" be
ready" for. publication before*- the end of
this weekl;, ¦'-/¦' S**'' s\\- _ •• : - \'fiZhf-£r \ ¦ '''¦
. From ' a* sburceV-|h^"^^ijOj£|'jjB8ar do.l
as authorltiiri vefit^ wa^i«iri W>tiiSt^b6*id?
, will, be Issultt "¦ to Jthe afntfuht'bt ; $2a,p0O,6O0:
ilk what for'nv tlie~ other securities will be
issued no 'one would say;- During the last
there have been several meetings in
.this city of. those - most ' interested .and: a
; full agreement is understood to^have" been
1 reached. " ' The : underwriting, "It is ¦ urider
stood,"-has been arranged 'through the'of
flce'"of 'Alexander & Green of 120,/Broad
. way. „-•;'.;'.¦.' ¦''*•• :¦':''": ¦.-¦¦>¦¦- r- . ¦¦'-¦'¦¦'.•.•'•
Besides Nixon,' it : is , understood that J.
J. McCook, . H. E. : Huntingdon,-. Irving' M.
Scott, builder^of the Oregon, and Henry
Poor, have been concerned in bringing
about an agreentwitof the big ship-build
ing' Interests of the country... ; if. •
TO ¦ DISTRIBUTE WORK.
:; All of the yards Into the plan
"will- be- operated .under a single manage
ment. Work will be distributed in a man
ner that will make .it possible to construct
all classes of, ships at the least" cost. Ship
building of foreign countries will be met*
in' competition; it being the opinion of the
"Americans , that the natural advantages
'that should result from, the constant de-/
velopment of the steel; industries of the
United': States will make it: possible, for
ships to be built here cheaper. and better"
than elsewhere, andthatthls can be done
without a reduction of wages. \
Monarch's Gorgeous
Golden Robe Is
Completed.
At Least Five Yards
Interested in the
Project, v
. ... ¦. • .. ....- ... ¦¦ - ¦./..y ._ ¦ . • ¦ • ;¦ ¦ ¦
Union Iron Works Is
Said to Be Jn
the Deal.
Jeweled Princes Daz=
zle the King's
Subjects.
World's Metropolis
Becomes Rich in
Colors.
Lewis Nixon Will Be
Mead of the Bis
k Concern,
"ES SELAMU AL EIKUM,"
IN LETTERS OF LIGHT
BENISON OF PILGRIMS
COMBINE
OF SHIP
BUILDERS
LONDON
UNFURLS
BANNERS
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCn-lNO. 8.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, rSWD AY, JUNE 8, 11902-rpRT Y
Pages 17to28
Pages 17 to 28NOTED NEW YORK FINAN
CIER WHO HAS INCURRED :
ENMITY IN COAL FIELDS.
Continued From Page Seventeen.
MYSTIC SHR1HER HOSTS ARR1VIHG
Sentry Kills Escaping Convict.
CHICAGO. June 7.— "I>ad" Cain, a pri
soner at Fort Sheridan, attempted to
make his escape this evening and was
shot and killed by a sentry. The man
who did the shooting was Lawrence
Dunn, a private in the Twentieth Infan
try.
Bryan Wants No Governorship.
LINCOLN. Nebr., June 7.— In a state-
ment given out this evening William J.
Bryan says he is not a- candidate and un
der no circumstances will be a candidate
for Governor of Nebraska this fall. This
statement Is in answer to an interview
with' former Senator Allen. In which tho
latter declared .Bryan should ba the fu
sion nominee, irifnmiiini *
•will consist of five instead of three mem
bers, as previously supposed, and prob
ably Cardinals Vannutelll, SatolU and
Vlvca y Tutul wm.be Included. Cardinal
Martinelll will b© excluded because ha is
an Augustlnian. • .
Cardinal Martinelli was" present at th«
customary official reception of th« Cardi
nals, prior to tho consistory, at the Pal
ace Borgrheise. to-day. Tha American offi
cials were also present. .
Cardinal Rampolla to-day returned the
visit of Governor Taft at tho Hotel Qulri
nal.
'Governor Taft Is greatly annoyed by
the Inventions of the Italian newspapers
regarding hla visit to Roma. Tha Italia,
ono of the chief offenders, published an
allseed interview with tha Governor,
which was entirely faked."
The Daughters of Isis do not limit or con
fine their efforts to nocial functions, but de
light in ministering to the needs of the sick
Rnd unfortunate, especially of their own num
ber. What thf-y do on these lines of evmpathy
Is done -unostentatiously, and resemble* the wav
In which the flowers of California radiate their
beauty and jK-rfume the ozone of the health
developing atmosphere of the State, so re
nowned lor its life-quickening qualities. If
any class of people, resident here hailing
from the Kast, possess qualifications of heart
and mind pre-eminently fitting them to enjoy
the festivities "incident to Shrine week it i*
Aceompacyiriff the Xobles cf the Hystlc
Shrine on their pilgrimage to the oasis of
Saa Francisco, that they may enjoy the de
lights incident to the twenty-eighth annual
e^ssion of the Imperial Council, will be a large
repi esentation of the Daughters of Isis. The
ladies constituting this organization are the
wives, daughters, sisters and mothers of
Shriners. who have been initiated in the tem
ple* to which their husbands or fathers, as
the case may be. belong. The ceremonials of
the Daughters of Isis are exceptionally ele
gant, and profoundly impressive. The • in
itiatory rites, while retaining dignity, are not
void of elements corresponding somewhat to
the humorous features of the Shrine cere
monies.
Each Daughter of Isis is entitled to wear a
white or red fez ornament<»d with the regular
Shrine emblem embroidered thereon, and the
name of the temple in which the was Inducted
into ' the mysteries of the order, and to the
credit of these l.-niich ;t may be said that for
loyrlty and devotion to the cause with which
they are identified they set the nobility ot
the Myetic Sltrine an example worthy of imi
tation. The Daughters of Isis are not sei>ar
stely organized into societies kindred to those
«>f other fraternal organizations, such as thc-
Kebekahs of the Odd Fellows, but remain un
organized, but not in a condition illustrative
of "a rope of Band." They have means or
ways of making themselves known to eacl>
other -which defy detection. One of the chief
objects cf these feminine Shriners is that or
promoting sociability among themselves and
co-operating with their fathers and husbands
in giving tone and character to the social func
tions and receptions, for whicli the full-fledgp<l
Shriners are distinguished. The "Daughters"
in question having residence in this city, and
consequent affiliation with Islam Temple, have
rendered fcplendid service to the committees or.
reception and decorations. They have given
theif counsel freely, and it is conceded that
much of the brauty of the ornamentation In
the temple. 023 Kutfr street, and the Pavilion
la attributable, to their artistic tacte. During
the week they will be busy in extending cor
dial greetings to their eister "Daughters"
hailing from the East, and contributing in
various ways, but not haphazardlv. to their
entertainment.
Democrats Indorse. Richard Olney.
MEMPHIS^ Tenn.,;" June' 7.— A : mass
meeting, attended by -a large, number of
the most prominent ¦ Democrats in Mem
phis and Shelby County to-night indorsed
Richard Olney of Massachusetts as can
didate of the Democratic -party- for Prea
ldtnt m:1204..~ ¦"•¦.-.. ¦-:¦.¦ - .
Two Boys' Drowned ; in* Canal.
•. L.ODI, June 7.— Two .Wood bridge boys
were drofwntd .in, the canal owped by th<
'Stockton] andrWoodbridge Canal and Ir
rigation « Company at 5 o'clock tht3 afier
noon. The accident occurred at the Covel
place; a half-mile from Wbodbridge. liar
.old.Perrott and a companion named Mor
row, each' aged Dyears.i were In bathin?
with some other boys and got beyonc
their depth. . Their t bodies were rccoverec
aboufa half 'hour later; ¦
TIjc Lulu special train of Shriners broke
all records for long runs : across ; the con
tinent. TheUrain arrived. in this city
from ! Philadelphia/ making the good time
of ninety-one. hours from .Philadelphia to
San Francisco: a distance/ of 3179 miles.
This, breaks -.all previous; records.. The
train ran on an/ average. ; ; of 'thirty-five
and a half miles an hour, 'including stops.
The Lulu came; over, the ."Pennsylvania
system, the Chicago 'and;' Northwestern,
the Union 'Pacific and 'the' Southern Pa
cific from Ogden. ,.v •'¦/.. ,
Shriner- Train: Breaks ;Record.
DENVER, June 7.-By: the. accidental
overturning of a. wagon on which a num
ber, of "West "Denver high school , students
were riding, near Morrison, at about 7:C0
o'clock this evening, one was killed, an
other fatally , hurt and twelve others were
more or less Injured.' The dead student is
Edith Withers, whose' ne.ck, was broken.
T i h0 ,, j^ured^ are: Maggie Humphrey,
skull fractured, will die; Irene Wheelock,
shoulder .dislocated; Marvin KlifE, com
pound: fracture of the arm; Harry Good
neart, bad -- : scalp wound; Harry :Austin,
back injured; Frank Kerr,. neck. sprained,
and six othersv not seriously injured -
. Thirty-six members; of the schoorieft
hero at 5 o'clock this morning for a hay
rack party, in Turkey Creek canyon near
Morrison.. They went in two wagons.
Atter spending the day in the canyon they
started^ for.- homo just before. dark. Short
ly af ter.v leaving the 'a canyon and when
about" two miles south of Morrison, they
had to ~ crdss 1 * a : small wagon •' bridge, ; at
the bottom of a hilL: The second wagon,
coming rapidly down the hlll.ran off the
edge of the bridge. .' The i occupants of the
.wagons were> thrown to the .bottom of the
stream, the hayrack falling upon them.
A . special train with physicians was at
once sent out;bythe Colorado and South
ern ;; and ' • the > dead j and • ; injured were
brought' to Denver. : . .
Girl Killed, Another Fatally Hurt
and Twelve Injured During
a Ride.
OUTING OF STUDENTS
ENDS IN A TRAGEDY
ROME, June 7.— The Papal Secretary of
State, Cardinal Rampolla. had his usual
private audience with the Fop© this
morning. Naturally the question of ac
quisition by the United States of the friar
lands In the Philippines will be a subject
for discussion at these daily conferences,
but the alleged information on the sub
ject is purely Burmlse, as absolute secrecy
\r. maintained as . to . what transpires at
these official visits. Cardinal Rampolla
was agreeably Impressed by the frankness
shown by Governor Taft in sending: him &
copy of Secretary "Root's instructions for
examination. ¦
The Pope has not yet appointed the
commission of cardinals to which the mat
ter is to be referred. This commission
Rampolla Is Agreeably
Impressed by the
. Governor.
TAFT CREATES
GOOD FEELING
The Lu-Ius came across ithe^ continent
in two sections. The second section,
which left Philadelphia seventy-six hours
after, the first;; was the only one to arrive
last night, thfi other, y which arrives this
morning, having ¦ stopped over at Salt
Lake. .:, '
, A portion of Lu-lu -Temple, from Phila
delphia, arrived -\n town last night at
C:55 p. m. There; were 7 about sixty in all.
Fifteen others; followed -on the* overland]
arriving here at S:55 p. riiJ,(The rest of the
temple will arrive '., this ' mornihg. The
Quaker City phalanx was met at the de
pot by a 'delegation of Francisco
Shnners and escorted>to;the,Pleasanton
The strangers were ' afterward taken to
Golden Gate 4Iall,v where a general meet
ing was held. ', " .
Lulu Temple ArrivesJ
After the ceremonies 552 men wearing
red fezes went to the banquet hall where
they partook of solids and drank zemzem
which is the elixir of youth that Ponce dp
Leon so long sought for. 1 , Colonel Murphy
the Illustrious potentate. In a neat speech
welcomed the strange. Shriners and soci
made them reel at, home. A number of
these were called upon for short addres-eri
as there were no set toasts. - -
By proclamation of Illustrious Potentate
C. H. Murphy last night was the time
fixed for admitting novitiates into : the
Temple of Islam before the sitting of the
Imperial Council. Fifty-one eligibles heed-"
ed the proclamation and wandered to the
oasis of Islam to gain the privilege of
wearing the peculiar badge of the Bhrlners
and the red fez. and there were on hand
nearly 430 Islamites and many uf the ad
vance guard of the visiting members of
the order,, including a large delegation
from Lulu Temple of Philadelphia and
visitors from .Tacoma, St. Joseph, Mo
Chicago. Phoenix, Ariz.. Boston, Los An
geles.'Dallas. Tex.. Austin. Tex., Spokane
Grand, Rapids, Mich., and Cardigan Ohio'
The ceremony of initiation embraced'
for the benefit of the visitors, many
added features, and there were so many
that it was 11:30 o'clock before the pil
grims, weary of walking over the hot
sands, shooting the chutes and. holding on
to the rope, were pronounced full-fledged
Shriners. One of the added. features was
the Introduction of a brass band, which
P.!£ yed TT tnose TT ancient Arabic melodies.
"The Hoola-Hoola," "Ain't It a Shame"
and "Marching Through Georgia " while
the candidates were riding the frisk v
camels. ' . ; . . .'¦
Islam's Initiation.
Tho court '-holds' that the President did
United fotates Supreme Court and to
the Circuit Court of Anneals fnr *k
Ninth Circuit at San Fran^co" The
Hawaiian Supreme Court reaffirms the
decree awarding damages of about $80,000
to the plaintiffs on account of the sink ng
of the barkentine William Carsonf about
two years ago by the Wilder steamship
Claudinc, off Honolulu harbor. ol ; c<imsni P
_At the annual meeting of the Hawaiian
Bar Aesociation, held this week the
resignation of Judge A. S. Humphreys as
a member .was received and accepted
HONOLULN, % May : : SL— Reports havo
been received from the island of Hawaii
indicating that the volcano is showing
more' than usual-activity. One report,
by the captain of .the gasoline schooner
Eclipse, is to the effect that he saw a
column of flame from the crater .of
Mokuaweoweo, which is near the summit
of Mauna Loa, 13,000 feet above 'the sea,
and has long been : quiescent.' It is high
above Kilauea. the active volcano. A
later report from' the Volcano Hotel
states that there Is no unusual activity.
A steamer arriving yesterday, however,
confirms the report of activity. - The
Kauai, which left Hawaii two days ago
reports a large column of smoke above
the crater of Kilauea. The crater is al--"
ways steaming and smoking more or less
but is at present reported to be sending
smo^e m ° re !S the j usual amount
h 3, h , 8 Supreme Court of Hawaii has just
handed down a decision in a case In which
the acts of Governor Dole, as President
°Vv, ne "P ub » c of Hawaii, were a tucked .
The jurisdiction of Circuit Judges h c
appointed to fill vacancies- between the
satf . ;k Ms . m? s r t ns
fiiiyiP&ilgi
• •- • ¦ -. . •:.•..-¦:,-; •
¦PHOENIX, Ariz., June 7.— Chief Justice
-Kent, sitting as trial judge' in ; the .Third
Judicial District, to-day handed down a
decision in" the suits of Thomas ' Wilson
agaist Governor Murphy and.- Former
Auditor Vlckers, The cases were tried
and submitted several days ..ago. Juagr
ment is for the defendants ion "all , the
points involved. Every territorial war
rant complained of was declared .by the
court to- have been properly Issued. _
This ends a case of considerable
celebrity. While Wilson's name appeared
as plaintiff,, it' was generally understood
that the suit was inspired and directed
by Murphy's political . opponents.
President Ives of tho last Territorial
Council had differences with the Gover
nor, during -the last Legislature and
charged tha,t certain warrants issued for
printing Territorial reports and for con
tingent expenses of the Governor's of
fice were not authorized by the appropria
tion act.
• Although the Legislature was Demo
cratic in both branches it refused to take
Ives 1 view. When President McKlnlcy
died Ives laid the same charges before
President Roosevelt and asked for Mur
phy's removal. The President and the
Secretary of the Interior upheld the Gov
ernor. ' ' : ; . '•
In the meantime suits had been brought
in the court of Phoenix for face warrants
and penalties. Judge; Kent heard the
cases at length and his decision emphat
ically declares for the legality of the, war
rants. . - . .
Old Volcano on One of the
Islands Becomes
Active.:
Suit .Against the rGov
ernbr of Arizona .
.Fails. '-''''':~< :
MURPHY'S FOES
LOSE IN COURT
HAWAIIAN PEAK
SPOUTS FLAME
President^Pjuts '¦ Quietu
on Miss I Taylor of
Minnesota.
SD3cial . Dispatch to -The Call.
CAL.L. BUREAU. V 1406 G STREET; N.
W., WASHINGTON/ June 7.— Because in
a letter written, to a; Washington news
paper May 12, bitterly denouncing Presi
dent Roosevelt for a- speech -in which he
declared "the flag must stay; put," ( in the
Philippines, Miss Rebecca J. Taylor of
Minnesota, a clerk In the office of the
Adjutant General, War Department, has
been notified that her services will no
longer be required. This action was taken
to-day at tho direction of Secretary Root.
Miss Taylor was appointed on the tem
porary clerical list provided for during
the Spaish war and'consequcntly she may
be dismissed at'tho\will of the head of
the department. The Congressional dis
trict In which she lives is represented by :
Representative Steves.' . -•¦- * ; ¦
, The speech clrticized by Miss Taylor
was delivered at a banquet of the Sons of
tho American Revolution held in this city.
His3 Taylor singled out President Roose
velt's statement that he "drank; to the
health of tho soldiers and sailors" of the
present day, .who during; the last, three
years havo done such splendid work in
the inconceivably dangerous and harass
ing warfare of the eastern tropics*" ¦' ,
"If the wfark was done splendidly,"
commented Miss Taylor, "the workers
may not be classed as 'wrong-doers' sub
ject to punishment. But should such* be
come a political necessity, : a . Chaffee-
Smith - Bell - Hughes - Waller. - Funston
scapegoat will not appease the sense of
justice of the American people. They will
demand the political lives of those; in au
thority who place the seal of approval
upon the diabolical work these human
bloodhounds have accomplished. .
"Is it a 'splendid work' to "hold* up peo
ple and rob them of their country and na
tionality at the point of the bayonet? Is
it a 'splendid work' to turn cannon upon
allies because they decline" to yield their
inalienable rights? Is it a 'splendid work'
to sweep thousands from earth because
they take up arms in defense of home and
liberty? Is it a. .'splendid work' to apply
the torch to homes, and make helple.-ss
w r omen and babes and: tottering age floe
before flames that blot out those hal
lowed spots? Is it a 'splendid work' to
make God's fair isles a' 'howling wildcr
nC"E£?' " ¦¦'' ' ' : '- ¦' ¦¦'¦¦'.''¦'' : >' ..'¦'¦.. ¦ ¦' . ¦ i.
Miss Taylor, refuses to discuss her dis
missal. ; ' •. ' •
¦ . - , ¦¦ ...-!¦¦•«••¦
Strike in Denver Is Oft.
DENVER.:' June 7.— The Building Trades
Council to-night "declared, off the strike
which has paralyzed all building in Den
ver for the past two weeks, .directly af
fecting 5000 mechanics. . It is not- known
what action will be taken : by ; the em
ployers' organization ,-in regard ' to ; re
employing the- strikers. The calling off of
the strike is said to have been the result
of an order from the National Building;
Trades Council, which declared, the strike
Irregular in several particulars. ';
Lynchers End a Negro's Life.
WATERBORO, S. C, Juno 7.— Cain
Ford, one of four negroes implicated' in
the murder of the wife of. Section Master
J.-,K. Jones in April last, was lynched to
day after the Sheriff had started to take
him to the penitentiary, for safe . keeping.
Jim Black, » another negro implicated „ in
the crime, -was lynched last Wednesday. ¦.*
Government looking to a settlement of
the controversy. It is probable that other
conferences will' be held and the Presi
dent kept advised of the situation. He
Two men that jumped last were ap
parently close to the hull -when it went
down. They were struggling there just
before the plunge and could not be seen
afterward. They were probably lost.
The Hadley had a hard run for shore
and did not win the race by any great
margin, for a moment after her bow went
on the bottom just south .of the" shin
canal pier her stern began toe settle, and
finally went down. Fullyhalf of the way
in from the scene of the accident to the
point of beaching the decks of the Had
ley were covered with water and the
members of the crew that'were compelled
to stay by her took to the upper works.
The Wilson went down in,:' eighty; feet
of water and only a few feet of her spara
can be seen. The Wilson was loaded with
ore and belongs to the Pittsburg Steam
ship Line. The Hadley carried • coal. ¦-
the feminine contingent of the Mystic Shrine*
The populace will be ftble to recognhse'tbesu
charming Daughters of Isls by the insignia of
the order which they gracefully wear, which in
some instances are not only of rare value from
their^Onlqueness. but represent miniature for
tunes. Thepe Jewels will be seen pendant from;
the ears and adorning the bosoms of the ac
complished ladies who have been inducted into
the Inner courts of the Arabian nobility.
The Native Daughters of the Golden West
ought to, and probably will, vie with each
other in giving the "glad hand" to these visit
ing ladifF. for they arc the lovely as well as the
duly accredited representatives of the best
families of the East. ' They will appreciate
every courtesy extended them, whether it b$
in the form of a winsome smile, a gracious
word, a timely attention or a golden poppy
from the smiling fields and delightful waysides
of Ihis State, so wonderfully prolific la its
yield of the enjoyable. .-
FRANK W. MARSTOX.
DULUTH, Minn., June 7.— The whale
back steamer Thomas , Wilson, Captain
Cameron ¦ master, wa8 cut almost in two
by the steamer George G. Hadley, Cap- j
tain Fitzgerald master, a half-mile south
of Duluth * canal to-day and nine men
went down. They were mostly men of
the night crew, who had not time to get
out of their bunks before the vessel sank.
The names of those lost are:
AARON TR1PPS, cook.
FRANK, second cook, Superior,
WIs. ; .
JAMES McDOUGAL, oiler, West Su
perior.
JAMES F. FRASER, oiler, Manltouan
Island. - ¦ ,
JUtiEPH McGRAW, wheelman, Saylt
&te. Mant, Micii.
JOliM CAMl'uELL. lookout. Grecnltaf,
JOHN CAREY, deckhand, St. Cath
erine's, Ont. ." • -
THOMAS JONES, deckhand.
WILLIAM REBUCK, flreman, Port
Hampton. • • '''.-. -'¦ ' ¦ ¦
The Wilson was coming toward the
canal and the Hadley going out, both:
loaded. Just before . reaching the canal
and when about opposite the Wilson, the
Hadley was given orders by a tug to go j
to Superior. Immediately she sheered off
for the Superior entry and crashed direct
ly into-Xnu Walson. \ , , , ,
Tlie Wilson wwit down so quickly that
it did not seem possible to save a life.
One moment the two boats were plough
ing through the water 200 yards apart—
the next the crew of the AVilson could be
seen throwing off their 5 clothing arid
jumping Into. the water.- One on the Wilr
son with great presence of .mind threw
life preservers to several struggling.in the
water. The crcW of the Hadley also threw
preservers to those in the water.-" . . .
Immediately after the collision the Wil
son pitched 'forward and. sank. As she
plunged the crew still on board rushed to |
the stern. Jumping overboard as ¦ fast as
they could free themselves from their
clothing. The plunge of the Wilson re
leased the Hadley, and the latter swung
back with a tremendous Jerk. '<¦.'¦'.
. . - «--¦¦..:
Sudden Orders to Change Direction
Cause a Terrible Catastrophe, and
Imperiled Sailors Leap Over--'-;
board to Escape Death.
Steamer.
¦
Whaleback Almost Out in
Twain by Another
Nine Persons Lost in a
Disaster Near Duluth
Canal.
Tho President also sent for Carroll D.
Wright, the Commissioner of 'Labor, to
get his views on the situation, and also
as 'to, what might properly be done by the
OUSTS A CLERK
WHO CRITICIZES
¦ CONFER ON V COAL STRIKE..
' WASHINGTON. June 7.— Tho President
to-day had . a long. Conference at • the
White House with Senator Hanna on" the
coal strike. The President conveyed to
Hanna the idea .that he would like ve'rv
much to do something* toward settling
the-- strike. -Nothing -definite, however,
was decided upon. \ ¦>
'READING, Pa., June 7.— To-day the
Philadelphia and Reading shopmen h< re
were aeked;.by their foremen whetli^r
they .would go to the coal regions to take
the positions of I 'firemen, • engineers and
pumpmen. About thirty consented. The.
company wanted to' secure at least J50
men from the shops hero to take tho
places of the men on. strike. .They were
informed that they would be paid $2 50 a
day. and board and free transportation. -
SHAMOKIN, Pa.. June 7.— A mob of
strikers late last night surrounded the
homes of Sub-Bosses Homer, Murphy and
Rafler.'and.two Poles and built .fires on
which effigies representing the ; bosses
were burned. The demonstration" against
the homes of Murphy and the Poles grew
so' vigorous that the non-union men prom
ised not "to 'go to work to-day. The fire
men at Lake Fiddler and Cambon collier
ies were stoned to-day.
'As a result of , the demonstrations and
the hanging of effigies last night Chief
Thomas to-day issued a proclamation for
bidding the gathering '..df .unlawful crowds
and'Calling on citizens to aid the authori
ties in presrvlng the peace.
KEYSTONE, Pa,,- June 7 Thousands of
striking 1 miners are in Keystone to-night,
and- there is much revelry. At the Crano
Creek mines to-day' James Dewees, a
bank boss, was shot and killed while
walking up the mountain. More trouble
is expected.
MOBS BURN EFFIGIES.
To-day marks' the end of .the fourth
week of total suspension of coal-mining,
and the miners and their employers are
farther apart than ever. ' ; :
All the mining- towns surrounding \ the
city. are very quiet to-day. 'The news
from Washington that President Roose
velt could not find his way clear to take
a hand in . bringing about peace between
the -miners and operators was received
with genuine disappointment. V It had been*
strongly hoped that the President would
be able to find some means' of opening up
a way of peace.
\I \T V JL-KESBARRE; ? a • June 7 '"~
/A )\ / The hanging in "effigy of J.
\VXV Pierpont Morgan in one of the
Y V streets of South WHkesbarre
by a "crowd of -men and .boys
was the onlv incident to mar the stillness
of the .Wyoming. valley this morning. Af
ter the effigy had been hung the crowd
cheered and pelted the object with stones
uritirthe 'police came along and dispersed
the several hundred persons that made up
the throng. - ;
White* there were various reports of vio
lence during the day they are not con
:'firmed by tho late advices to-night, but
the officials in the district are apprehens
ive of serious trouble in the future.
CLARKSBURG, Va., June 7.— Reports
from all mines in this section show that
less than 200 miners went on strike to-day.
Thia is about. 2 per cent of the total num
ber emnloyed in this field. ¦ .-
HUNTINGTON. W. Va., June 7.— A
skirmish between mine jofflcials and strik
ers is reported at Keystone. One mine
' boss was killed. No names or particulars
are available. ¦• - • ••. •¦-.
CHARLESTON. W. . Va.. June 7.—
'•Eighty-five per cent of the miners in the
Kanawha coal fields laid down their picks
to-day and went on strike in obedience to
the order published by the Huntlngton
convention. No violence is reported from
any place in the district.
REPORTS OF VIOLENCE.
WHEELING, T.Y. Va., Juno 7.— The
strike ordered by the United Mine AV'ork
ers of America to take effect in West Vir
ginia to-day was much more complete in
.some districts than ' expected' and less
¦effecttvo in others than expected. Tho
incomplete reports are conflicting, but ou
the wholo several thousand more men
went out than was anticipated. The strike
affects not only the industries..- ot this
State, but also the railways and river
navigation. AU of the local coal railroad3
bU Among the trunk lines the Norfolk and
: Western suffered most to-day, but very
many miners were also idlo juong tno
Baltimore and Ohio and the Chesapeake
and Ohio. As a rule the miners quit work
without any demonstration, but An some
places they were marching with bands. It
was ascertained that the operators in
¦some places had secured many armed
guards in sfnticjpation of a prolonged
struggle. In a few places the striking
miners were served with notices to va
cate the houses belonging; to tbo coat
C °w}i J fle Ie the strike in this State is gener
ally regarded as sympathetic with that or
Pennsylvania, there is a general inipres- ,
slon that the bituminous coal interests of
Mher S-tatcs have had their influence in
bringing on a crisis in West \ lrrinia.
There is a strong organization of rnlnera
in this State independent of the United
Mine Workers of America, and the mem
bers of the State union have continued
when the United Mine Workers have^or
dcred strikes in bordering States and in
Indiana, Illinois and other States. .
It is currently reported . throughout
West Virginia that the bituminous oper
ators of other States had refused to-pay
the national scale unless the United Mine
Workere control the mines of West Vir
ginia, and many believe the Present
struggle is for maintenance of authority
of the United Mine Workers in States
bthor than. West Virginia,
THOUSANDS GO OUT.
will be in readiness at any time to extend
aid if, it is found that he can be of any
service in settling tlic dltfprences that ex
ist between tho miners and employers.
Senatar Elkins was present during part
of the conference between ¦ the President
and Senator . Hanna. •
I rouble Spreads rrom the Anthracite Fields ot Pennsylvania to
West Virginia; Where Many Quit W^
COLLISION
ENDS LIVES
OF SEAMEN
HANGING OF MORGAN'S EFFIGY
AN INCIDENT OF THE COAL STRIKE
THE SA^f FK A^GISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, l*>02;
18
DB. PIERCE'S EEMEDIES.
An Important -
Announcement,
The P. Rossi Company will
absolutely
Retire From the
Art Furniture
Thiir elegant collection of
' rare artistic lurniture, old ; ma-'
hoganvy. mzjclica, bronzes."
• brasses, marble statues,- oil
taintings, vases and bric-a-
brac, all carefully selected in
Europe, can" therefore fce pro-
cured at .;..
Far Less Than
f European Prices.
'¦¦: ;ln order to effect an immedi-
ate clearance, jreat reductions
have been made in every ar-
ticle. Such an opportunity,
which seldom oc:urs, is fully
wonhy of consideration. . ¦
The P, Rossi Co.
No. 229 Sutter Street,:
2 bore Eearay St., -.-. Su FriBciieo, Ctl.
Catarrh
Is a constitutional disease. :
It originates in a; scrofulous condition of
the. : blood and depends on ; that condition.
m It often causes headache and dizziness,
impairs the taste, smell and hearing, af-
fects the vocal organs, disturbs the stom-
ach. -^ :•:'¦' ..¦¦.'.•.' :•': ¦.-,' :¦¦¦ ;¦'•¦• :*•¦•" e i: .;;'". -';
' It Is always radically -and permanently
cured by the ; blood-purifying, ; alterative
and tonic action of " . ,/ ¦ ", ...
Hood's Sarsciparilla
This great medicine has ¦ wrought:. the
most .. wonderful? cures of all .diseases' de«
pending ..on scrofula or the scrofulous
habit.. -.¦¦¦ ., ¦;. ;;¦_..-. ,::..\.:'.- ¦ -.-.'r:.'-:.:. :.
Hood's 'Pills are the: best -cathartic • '
There's many a cause for headache.
Men are not often troubled by headaches.
When they are it is generally due to bil-
iousness, or indigestion. But women
have headaches which seem peculiar to
their sex, frequent nervous throbbing •
headaches. Does it not seem as if such
headaches peculiar to women must be at
once related to womanly, disease? Wom-
en who suffer with diseases peculiar to
the sex do not realize the drain of vital'
strength and nerve force j they undergo
as a consequence, of disease. It is this
which ; causes the familiar headaches iof
sick. women. ' :. ;
• Dr: Pierce's Favorite ! Prescription
cures such headaches by (curing; the
I cause— T irregularity, weakening drains,
inflammation, ulceration or female weak- 1
ness. « Favorite Prescription » ; invigor-
ates and tones up, the entire system, en-
courages the appetite, quiets the nerves
and gives refreshing sleep.
' . > .«I was troubled with congestion of the nteros
, and female weakness for five years," wiites Mrs.
Robt. Kerwin, of- Albert, Hastings : Co... Ont.
1 - " Was so weak and nervous 1 1 could hardly do
'. any work. . Had severe pain in back, also dizzi-
ness and pain in head; My heart would beat so
, hard and fast at times I would have to sit still
, tijl I got all right again. But after taking four
bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription and,
one ofv his 'Golden Medical Discovery' I felt
entirely well; •• I also used one box ' of ' potion
Tablets • and one of ' Suppositories ; as directed.
All. the symptoms of my, trouble have disap-
peared and. I am completely cured/ I thank you
for your kind advice and your medicine." ;¦ : •.
'' 1 Efr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets clear '; ' tiw
' complexion 'and. sweeten the breath-' - '¦
Of Long Standing, Said to Be
Incurable, Completely
In Four Months by
WARNER'S SAFE CURE
Alderman Stobig Gratefully. Tells
How This Wonderful Med-
icine Cured H.m of
* Bright's Disease*
PERM AKENTLY (CURED.
"Hi Roscoe Boulevard, Chicago, Oct. 19.
1DO0. Gentlemen: About two years ago
1 had oue foot in the grave, as the saying
goes, and life looked pretty black to me:
thedoctors
,^-ix called it Brighfs
ftf}' disease. I would
. y^Y\ give all I had to
four months I
was completely cured. I hardly dared to
belisve that such good fortune was mine,
but I ' have not lost a meal nor had an
ache or pain since. Words seem but poor
to express my gratitude. Yours trulv, H.
M. STUBIG (Alderman. 27th Ward)."
TEST YOUR URINE. Put some morn-
ing urine in a glass or bottle, let it stand
21 hours: if there is a reddish sediment in
the bottom of the glass, or if the urine
is cloudy or milky, or if you see particles
or germs floating about in it your kidneys
are diseased and you should lose no time,
hut get a bottle o" Warner's Safe Cure,
as it ia Cangreroos to neglect your kidneys
for even one day.
WARNER'S SAFE CL'RE is purely
vegetable and contains \ no narcotic or
harmful drugs; it is fiee from sediment
and pleasant to take; it does not consti-
pate: it is now put up in two regular seizes
and Is sold by all druspists. or direct, at
50 CENTS AND $1.00 A BOTTLE. Warn-
er's Safe Pills taken with Warner's Safe
Cure move the bowels gently and aid a
spe3<1y cure. ¦
Refuse Eubstitutes. There is none "just
as good' as Warner's Safe Cure. It is
prescribed by all doctors and used in the
lea-ling hospitals.
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE
To convince every sufferer from diseases ;
cf the kidney, liver, bladder and blood
that Warner's Safe Cure will cure them
a. trial bottle will be sent absolutely free !
to any one who will write Warner Safe i
Cure Co., Rochester, 1C. Y.. and mention '
having seen this liberal offer in The San
Francisco Call. The genuineness of this
offer is fully guaranteed by the publish-
er. Our doctor will send medical booklet,
containing symptoms and treatment of
raeh disease and manj* convincing' testi-
monials, free to any one.
DURING SUMMER MONTHS
Dr. Hartman Gives Free Advice
to Suffering Women.
X MISS LIZZIE SNEATHING e '^^m CS^lS
Dr. Hartman, the Famous Gynae- *^vllit
cologist and Inventor of Fe-ru-
na, Offers to Treat Women Free '
During the Summer Months. wfmWtf/^i 1
America Is the land of nervous women. filWMii Ml ' / ill L#^^^
The great majority of nervous women arc VI<r',U'\ iflni h ;^^LS^^
so because they are suffering from some I >M " W * M " MM *'^^ I
form of female disease. By far the great- MRV A1 FA TfiHM^flM
est number of female troubles are caused I H\A MLLJ\.v)UUrUJUr<
' WomTn afflicted wUh p«Iv.c caurrh to? k S^oi° > S^o B "cS^Z?&"'-
SLSL ZT£™X!£?"™U " .;;' *•».*"• • "*»' <°rr rs
as almost Inevitable. The greatest obsta- With bearing down pains and OaCX-
cle In the way of recovery is that they do ae he, and got no relief from doctor's
not understand that it is catarrh which Is arasen / a f/ ans / cnmrrfnraH tnlrinn
the source of their illness, in female com- prescriptions. I commenced taking
plaint, ninety-nine cases out of one hun- reruna, ana alter taxing the first
dred are nothing but catarrh. Peruna bott/e I felt much better, and within
C Th^Sg V ioS 1 wa? a^nUy f^nth I was a veil women, and
ceived : r heartily recommend ft , to any woman i
"186 w. 3Sth St.. New York City. who is in as poor health as I was."
"The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus. O. MRS A JOHNinN
' "Gentlemen: \Vbat bread and meat ' k * h *- *' MlinZUN.
nreana'to the hungry Peruna means to the Miss Mabel Meyers Argenttae, Kansas
ScV It is an espeSlly valuable medicine hToT^s^e^l^^^o^l
for sick women. I have found that no fnend to me for it cured me when I was
medicine so quickly, restores health and sick and the least I can do in return Is t«
places the body in a normal condition. I acknowledge its value to the public. Sine,
but voice the sentiments of women who I was 17 years old I have suffered wltu
w ere once sick, - but are now in perfect headache, backache and pains in tho
health. MISS LIZZIE SNEATHING." shoulder blades. I caught cold easily ar.U
AU women who are in doubt as to what my lungs were weak. Catarrh of tbe
their trouble is should write Dr. Hart- lungs was what the doctors called my
man, Columbus, Ohio. Give him a full de- trouble. I took their medicine for eigb- „
scription of your trouble, previous treat- teen months without any benefit, and
ment, symptoms and age. lie will prompt- hearing about Peruna I decided to try it.
ly reply with full directions for treatment I used nine bottles and was restored to
free of charge. This is an - opportunity health. This wa3 two years ago and I am
which no ailing woman should miss. Dr. now in perfect health."
Hartman has become renowned through If you do not derive prompt and satis-
his success in treating women's diseases, factory results from the use of Peruna,
His experience in these matters is vast- write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
Correspondence is strictly confidential, full statement of your case and he will be
No testimonials published without written glad to give you hla valuable advice
consent. Dr. Hartman relies principally gratia.
upon Peruna in these cases. Pcruna cures Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
catarrh wherever located. . Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O.
©C00Ce00900000C90000C00C00C000030000000000003
I PFISTER'S BATHING SUITS |«
% Have reen in the market for the last 1% years, and im- |
| proved from year to year, until now we are offering an %
• assortment which is absolutely unsur- -^ ¦ ©
% pas sed , and for fit an d wear ranks way £§i& S
• above other makes. Yet our prices are the v^Jjr g
• most reasonable and suit all purses. o
§ Frr instance: \(fe&iN^ S
g Women's Bathing Suits Irom $150 to $25.C0 hJISStT •
\ fiirh* BathinJ Suits "from.;-.. ........ .. 12S to 5.00 fjlffsL// %
O Men's Bathing Suits Irom. 75 to 8.00 \M$iWa ®
g Boys' Bathing Suits Irom .50 to 3.50 P?JlO& %
C A complete line of Bathing Caps, Shoes, Bandanas, &$&££&£{ &
9 . i<^V Bath Robes ' Tow * fPliPl^vK •
• ;'-..' Caps and Shoes,* lUf N ®
• 1/MI"TT rlftin nVi as well as TENM j . |3 m ©
• r nNIJWriNBCO. and EASEoALL JUP. % ©
£ 60 Geary St., San Francisco. Pl -'^ 5
© Open Saturdays until 10 P.M. Whenever you need UNDER- ©
• JUSt ReselTed — - KeW Sapplf Of **PIng ' J{^^ A 1 ? i:" remember we h * ye it- ©'
S Dniur » t«mn 'lA.t n nn !?5 d ? of Lmen » Lls!e » Silk orWool— •©
• POng, >/it5U 10 yU.UU. "Knit to hit": ;*", . -,•
ASVEBTI&EXZNTS.SPOKANE, June 7.— The Berkeley base
ball team must not play on Sunday. A
telegram was received this morning that
the faculty of the University of Califor
nia would not permit Sunday baseball
To-morrow's game here is canceled.
Berkeley Faculty Stops Game.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Secretary Hay
and Mr. Barnes, the Danish Minister, to
day'signed a protocol extending, for
twelve months the time allowed for ex
change of ratifications of the Danish
West Indies treaties. This allows the ad
journment of the Danish Rigsdag- for the
summer months without final action on
the treaty of cession. '
Protocol Extends the Time.
HONOLULU. May 3L— The Queen . of
Tonga died at Nukualofa on April 25. Her
Majesty had been ailing more or. Ies3 for
the last two years and during the last
two months had become worse, so that
her death was not unexpected. This Is
the news received here In a private let
ter from Mrs. Kate McLennan, wife of
the Court Physician of Tonga.
Queen of Tonga Is Dead.
LONDON, June 7.— The committee of
the Hurlingham Polo Club decided to
postpone until Monday the game which
was to be played to-day, between the
American and the English teams in tho
series for the American cup on account
of the weather and the state of the
ground. The Americans desired to play
but were overruled. There was a good
crowd present in spite of the rain.
American PlayeTS Desired to Go
on With the Game.
Captain Foxliall Keene . and Hi3
POLO MATCH POSTPONED
BECAUSE OF WET FIELD
Ferral was nearing his twenty-fifth
birthday when he ended his life. He had
been educated in the public schools of
San Francisco and had graduated with
honors from the Lowell High School. He
subsequently errtered the Hastings Law
College with the intention of following
his father's profession. He always dis
played a fondness for the stage and ob
tained his parents' permission to go to
New York and follow his natural bent.
Five years ago he left this city and se
cured employment at Keith's Theater as
press agent. Up to a year ago he held
this position. He was naturally of a lit
erary turn of mind and devoted his leis
ure to writing and rewriting sketches. He
resigned his position to take a place in a
stock company. He was doing well and
his letters to his parents did not Indicate
melancholia. He seemed to be in a pros
perous condition and if he needed money
all he had to do was to wire his father
for funds.
The young man mentioned in the above
dispatch was the son of ex-Judge Rob
ert Ferral of this city. The news of his
tragic death has prostrated his parents.
His father has wired for particulars and
has also Instructed the proper persons
to have the body embalmed and sent to
this city for Interment.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Robert Jefferson
Ferral, an actor» and the son of a prom
inent San Francisco attorney, killed him
self by taking poison to-night. His
friends say he had been despondent for
some time. ,
Well-Known Young San Franciscan
Uses Poison to Terminate a
Bright Career.
ACTOR ROBERT PERRAli
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
"Washington — Original — Jules MInnet,
Pullman, $12; Albert Swan, Ellensburg, $S.
Increase — Asa Smith, Roy, $12. Widows-
Charlotte E. Helmer, Port Angeles, $S;
Martha Humphrey, Little Falls, $8; Mar
garette Cates, Colfax,?12; Orllla K. Frink,
Waitsburg, $8.
Oregon— Original— Phineas T. Hanson,
St. John, $6. Increase — Abraham H. Ba
ker, Oregon City, $12; Clinton C. Morgan,
Williams, $12; Henry W. Miller. Monta-
Ville, $12.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Fel ton Lowry. Sacramento. tG;
Scott Hastings, East Santa Cruz. $8. War
with Spain— Charles Bess, San Francisco,
$<5; Philip A. Marx, Oroville. ?14; Joseph
C. Johns. Ontario. $6. Increase — William
Robertson, San Francisco, $12; Daniel A.
Finney, Redlands, $17; Esther D. Whip
pie, San Francisco, $8. War with Spain-
Maria Giles. San Francisco, $12.
Salaries of postmasters are increased as
follows: Oregon— La Grande, $1900 to
$2000. Washington— Everett $2400 to $2600:
Walla Walla, $1900 to $2000; Tacoma, $3200
to $3300.
Substation No. 1, general hospital, of
the Dostoffice at the Presidio of San
Francisco. Cal., will be discontinued July
1. The postofflce at the Presidio will be
consolidated • with the San Francisco
Postoffice July 2, and a hospital station
and Presidio station of the San Francisco
office established on that date. . «
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 7.— The
Postoffice Department to-day announced:
Postmasters commissioned— California:
Charles S. Meacham, Buttonwillow. Ore
gon: Edward D. Thompson, Wimer; El
mer G. Jones, Graeme, Appointed—Cali
fornia: G. L. Keith. Kokell, Riverside
County, vice B. A. Nordyke, resigned; J.
E. Robertson, Surf, Santa Barbara Coun
ty, vice H. E. Wetzel, resigned.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The report plainly hints that officers
can hardly be expected to work so long as
the present system of advancement,
through social influence, is in vogue, or so
long as efficiency has nothing whatever
to do with the selection of officers for de
sirable appointments.
The committee, therefore, recommends
"an honest system of promotion by merit,
following on tes|s, honorably conducted
and honestly reported on."
"So long as mediocrity is permitted to
pass muster," says the committee, "and
signal ability meets with no -substantial
recognition, it is useless to hope for any
valuable results favorable to the regula
tions. Nothing but inducements, in the
shape of reward for good work* either in
peace or war. ran raise the standard of
knowledge through the command ranks."
With the view of diminishing the ex
penses of officers belonging to • cavalry
regiments, the report recommends that
polo tournaments, regimental coaches and
the keeping of hounds be forbidden.
The report condemns the systems of
both Woolwich and Sandhurst, where
education is "far from satisfactory, the
Instructors having no inducement to teach
the cadets; still less to work."
The committee finds that the young of
ficers will not work unless compelled to
do so, that keenness is "out of fashion"
and that "it is not correct form." The
committee finds that many officers do not
possess an elementary education and that
officers ought "at least be able to express
themselves clearly and concisely in their
own language."
LONDON, June 7.— The report of the
Committee on Military Education and
Training, issued to-day, furnishes the
strongest corroboration of the inefficiency
of the officers of the British army. The
committee's report, which Is based upon
the evidence of the officers themselves,
from the commander in chief downward,
fills forty-eight printed pages with caustic
criticism of the existing system. The
witnesses were unanimous in saying that
the junior officers were lamentably defi
cient in military knowledge, in the desire
to acquire knowledge and in zeal.
reported from various points. Command
ant Fouche brought into Craddock, Cape
Colony, his commando, consisting of thir
ty-six Free Staters and 219 rebels. Fouche
is ill. Commandant Conroy's men, on
hearing that peace had . been concluded,
threw their hats in the air, cheered for
King Edward and sang "God Save the
King." - ; .
These incidents dissipate the fear ex
pressed that the Cape Colony comman
does would refuse to accede to the peace
terms." ¦ ", •
General Christian Dewet is personally
superintending the surrender of the Boers
in the Vredefort, Orange River Colony
district. . ' ' '
General Schalk-Burger, former acting
President of the Transvaal, who is the
guest of the Governor of Natal, Colonel
Sir Henry Edward McCallum, at Pieter
maritzburg; In an address to the burghers
In the concentration camp asked them to
make the'best of the situation and to for
get and forgive the past. He pointed out
the hopelessness of continuing the strug
gle, urged the Boers to accept and act in
accordance with the terms of the sur
render, which he intended to uphold, and
desired them to work for the good of
South Africa. .
Committee on Military Edu
cation and Training
. Indignant
and authority, from London.
AMSTERDAM, June 7.— It is reported
here that ; Mr. Kruger has declined the
facilities offered by Great Britain for his
return to South Africa, but has accepted
Queen Wllhelmlna's. proffer of a Dutch
vessel \ to convey him ( to South Africa,
when he decides to return there.
LONDON, June 7.— Lord Kitchener, in
a dispatch from Pretoria, dated to-day,
announced that the progress made in the
surrender of the Boers is. entirely satis
factory. Four hundred and forty burgh
ers have laid down their arms at.'Middle
burg. They also brought in pompon com
plete with ammunition and indicated the
hiding places of a Howitzer and Maxim
gun. V.'i
Two hundred and eighty-nine Boers
have surrendered their arms at Stander
ton, Transvaal, and Lord Kitchener con
firms the report that 255 soldiers, of which
219 were rebels, surrendered at Craddock,
Cape Colony. Many more • surrenders are
expected to-day. All the Boers who sur
rendered in Cape Colony rejoiced that
peace had been arranged. .
CAPE TOWN,* June 7.— The surrender of
more than 1500 Boers * has already been
In cases of actual distress the embassy
in the past has been able to extend some
relief to stranded English subjects by
securing for them transportation to a
seaport where they would be able to ship
for home, but there is no fund sufficient
to defray a general return of the many
Boers In the United States to South Af
rica. It is therefore probable that the
embassy can jdo nothing in the matter in
the absence of a special grant of funds
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Inquiry at the
British embassy here developed the fact
that the application of the Denver Boers
for transportation to their homes has not
reached the embassy. The officials do not
yet know how it will be acted upon.
Washington relative to their re
turn to South Africa. These twenty-seven
speak ¦ for the ninety Boers who are in
Colorado. They ask that arrangements
be made for their return to South Africa
and promise to be law-abiding citizens.
The appeal has been forwarded to Wash
ington through the local British vice con
sul, Harold V. Pearce.
DENVER, Col., June 7.-The twen
ty-seven Boer refugees in this
city have formulated an appeal
to -the British Embassador at
An Appeal Is Sent to the British } Embassador at Washington for
Transportation to South Africa*
BOER REFUGEES IN COLORADO
ARE ANXIOUS TO RETURN HOME
System of the British
Army Vigorously
Denounced. •
REPORT SCORES
KING'S OFFICERS
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
PARIS, June 7.— Rouvier to-day accept
ed the portfolio of finance in the new
Combes Ministry, and the Cabinet is thus
completed. The new French Cabinet is
const! toted as follows: Premier. Minister
of the Interior and Minister of Public
Worship, Senator Combes; Minister of
Justice, Senator Valle; Minister of For
eign Affairs. Delcasse; Minister of "War,
General Andre; Minister of Public Works,
Maruejouls; Minister of Public Instruc
tion, Senator Chaumle; Minister of Ma
rine, Pelletan: Minister of Colonies, Dou
nergue; Minister of Commerce. Trouiljot:
Berard, a member of the Chamber of
Deputies, will become under secretary of
posts.
The ministerial declaration will further
render homage to the late Waldeck-Rous
seau ministry. The new Cabinet will con
tinue the policy established by the old
Cabinet regarding the army.
Rouvier Accepts a Portfolio
and Completes the
France's New Ministers
Wiil : Straighten Out
Finances.
COMBES CABINET
PLANS ECONOMY
19
S&s&ff& A $20 Belt
|ill#S&l|| for $5.
fffTr^teTT^^l-^saCTfB Same as others
XtlB^^^S^yi^ ulne; not a toy.
iVn&*" No drugs; no
j|JjJ& humbujr. It cures wlth-
<i&3? out medicine. Not sold
% /m^ by druggists. No dis-
counts. Free by mail on receipt of price.
Circulars free. Ask for the "Dr. A Wen Elec-
tric Belt." Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO., 2O6 Post St.. S. F., or 33 "W.
Twenty-fourth st.. New York.
DR. ZTLMEB'S SWAMP-Ec%>
HOW TO FIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let it stand twenty-four hours;
a sediment or settling indicates an un-
healthy condition of the kidneys; if it
stains the linen it is evidence .of kidney
trouble; too frequent desire to pass it, or
pain in the back is also convincing proof,
that the kidneys and bladder are out of
order. . 5 ',« ¦:
WHAT TO DO.
There Is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every wish in curing rheuma-
tism, pains in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects inability to hoUl
water and scalding pain in passing it, or
bad effects following use of liquor, wine
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swarrip-Root i3 sooa
realized. It stands the highest 'for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If you need a medicine you should
have" the best. Sold by druggists In fifty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottlo of
Swamp-Root and a book that tells more
about it, both sent absolutely free, by
mall. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng-
hamton, N. Y. When writing mention
that you read this generous offer In the
San Francisco Sunday Call. Don't make
any mistake, but remember the name,
Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address, Bingnamton, N. Y., on
every bottle.
UNITED STATUS BRANCH.
¦ M 1
STATEMENT
OF THE * "71
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ,
Liverpool and
London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGI*AND, OJT THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1901. and for
: the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the States of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
.- ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,865,833 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . 2,009,050 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 3,323,345 83
Cash in Company's Office 2,725 10-
Cash In Banks 827.278 25
Interest due and accrued on, all
Stocks and Loans 1SS 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 35,659 77
Premium's In due Course of Collec-
tion 1.141,385 12
Rents due and accrued 10,000 00
Due for -P. P. Premiums......... ; 925 CO
Total Assets $10,316,391 02
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and "unpaid $6,973 S3
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense S03.910 65
Losses resisted. Including expenses 72,025 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $4,-
073.757 02; reinsurance at 50 per
cent 2.C36.S7S 96
GroES premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
% \. 023, 501 79; reinsurance, pro
rata 2.268.907 26
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on Perpetual Fire Insur-
ance Policies 815,914 19
Liability under Life Department. 81,303 83
Commission due 178,875 52
All other Liabilities 253.480 66
Total Liabilities J5.716.274 51
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $5,502,416 51
Received for Interest on Bonds
and mortgages 131,458 72
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources 90,546 9S
Received from all other sources.. 96,447 54
Total Income $5.820.867 C3
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $469,901 38, losses of
previous years) $3,769,543 67
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 924,924 73
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 344,880 S3
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes — 153,245 81
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 359.324 IS
Total Expenditures $5,551,923 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . . ¦
written during the
year $354.656,S04 $3,199,861 S*
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 783.986.087 7.130.9S1 IT
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901. 011,528,314 8,097.259 61
HT'W. EATON, Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOTT, Deputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27t&
day of January, 1902.
"W. H. "WTLDET,
¦-,;-• Notary Public >
Pacific Department \
422 California Street,
8AN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Secretary.
C. MASON KINNE,
Assistant Secretary.
DR. HALL'S REINYIG08AT0RJH3525
Stops all losses In 21 hours. Five pjJ **tfl&£
hundred reward for any case we Bail bbSq
cannot cure. This secret rem- H ij
edy cures Emissions, Impotency, RStf BB
Varicocale, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. ff+* SSi
Strictures. Drains, Lost Man- lllLi iji^i
hood and all other wasting ef- jBi! 5 "i
fects of self-abuse cr excesses. NfcfTTT-tStW
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $3; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAX. INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073&
Market St.. S. F. Send for fre» book.
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— If you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to
J. MARTY, Man'fV,
82C Howard St., S. F.
o ¦ o
Drunkards
Cured Secretly
Iny Ladj Can do it at Homo— Costs
Nothing to Try.
A it* tastelesn discovery which can be ci"» In tea,
Mffee or food. Heartily •ndonod by W. C. T. C. and all
temperance worker*. It does its work so rilently and
•urely that while the <leT-ot«<l wife, sister or daughter
iookr on. the drunkard i* reclaimed even atrainst his will
and with out tils leno wledrre. Send your name acd address
to Dr. J. W. Ualnes, 3349 Glena Bid p., Cincinnati, O., and
¦• will ma.il a trial packare of Golden BpeciSc free to
tho w how easilj It is to carp arunkards with this remedy.
Full-sized boxes of Golden Specific are for
rale In San Francisco by J. R. Gates & Co.,
417 Eansoxne ct.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
Jhusehh of anatomy^
A <J) :::iKisziTCT.trt.e±*7ti,s.rcd. A
\ *jF The Larrett Anatomical Museum in the \
Q >>Ww World. Weakneues cr iny contracted Q
L »W Ft! ««»ea'* |MKltl««.l7 rural hy the oldest T
0 IK fca I fct*ci»list on the Coau. Hit 36 yean. Q
1 CSqf ft OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN A
\ 1 €3*^5 H Ccniulution free »nd strir^r prirate. \
W i &^£ll ''""Dent p«riona!ijr cr by l»ttrr. A B
\ I W S a f—itis* Curt is e»ery case nsdertakea. T
Bra Iv w ""f« B»ii.rBii.oiorRi'«f A
\ M L «A«aiACE, MAILED FREE. (Af
A ft tr Ti '- Sbl « book for a>ro) \
V OB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. 8. F. 9
A New and Good American Word.
ERU-EA IS THE LATEST "WORD ADDED
to the Enrllth language; lu true zne&nlnr 1*
certainty, and Is designed to mean all that Is
expressed *>y the dang- phrase "sureithlnr."
Rad way's.
Pills
Jr Purely veretable. mild and reliable. Causes
lerfect fiiseetion, complet* absorption and
lealthful regularity.
For the cure of all ¦disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels, Kldr.eys, Bladder. Female Ir-
•erularltiee. Eick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
Alpatlon, PUes and all derangements of the
I faternal Ylkctra, 25c a box. At Druggists, or
I V «aaU. BADWAT & CO.. New York.
OCOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOG©
I Great Specials f
O ..FOR NEXT WEEK'S SELLING.. •
O Every Item a Money-Saver. Q
o ¦¦¦¦- ¦ e
% WONDERFUL VALUES IN O
S Hosiery and Knitted Underwear S
X WORK LISLE THREAD HOSE the S
2 usual 50c quality.. Special OK/> 5
• *t p alr 3cOC ©
O LADIES' PURE LISLE THREAD 0
q HOSE. In the latest spring patterns. «»
o with silk embroidered Instep and "2
2J fancy etripes. In every conceivable Jf
W color; regularly sold as high as 75c O
O and S5c pair. Special at.. /=rfcr» •
O Pair OUC a
5 JjAD1 < E^I IMPORTED VEGA SILK S
Jf \ESTS. low neck, eleevt-less. hani- X
W Eomely trimmed with lace at the w
9 neck and arms, in pink blue black #
O and -Rhite. Special at'.... pz.{\~ A
0 Each OvfC q
| DECISIVE REDUCTIONS g
q On Ladies* Outing Skirts and Grass Q
O Linen Petticoats. O
O Blue and Black Duck Skirts, with 0
q white polka dot, double flounce, piped Q
ft ¦w-lth white. Regular n ci O O A
2 values at Each t>I«*7O X
O "WHITE DUCK SKIRTS with grad- •»
O uating flounce, trimmed with fine In- 9
eertion; also linen skirts with dou- Q
a ble ruffle, trimmed with bands of ft
Jr navy tlue and white polka dots. JJ
W - - Splendid values at ... ci st Q 5
• Each <!>1»T(5 O
O GRASS LINEX PETTICOATS, with ®
A colored mercerized stripes, made witli gj
JT deep eccordeon plaited flounce ~
X and finished with dust <J| O^ 5
• ruffle. Special at.. Each €J>'«-^O O
O GRASS LINEX PETTICOATS, full Q
rt width, trimmed with double ruffle; a
Z also fine quality MADRAS SKIRTS. >»
2 with accordeon plaited flounce, J|
• regular $1 50 value o O r* •
O at OOC A
A Striped GRASS LINEN^SKIRTS, made A
o with two full ruffles; also some X
2 black and white striped effects; 2
• handsomely finished. Special ©Q*-» ©
O at 1 OOC A
A Fine quality GRASS LINEN SKIRTS. A
e± with accordeon plaited flounce; regu- 2
J lar value $1 00. Special S
O Good "quaiitV "GRASS Ll'NEN' SKIRTS. O
0 with two full ruffles, well >f.C/-» A
a made. Beg. 73c values at... T"OW»
2 SPECIAL SALE OF WASH WAISTS o
2 A fine assortment oT "WHITE LA"VTN. •
• STRIPED MADRAS and mercerized •
O ZEPHYR Waists, all neat colorings, Q
A with tucked yokes, nicely made. A
Z Regular $1 25. $1 50 and Ofi/-» A
2 fl «5 values at Each uCJC •
S EXTRAORDINARY SILK WAIST 3
S OFFER. S
O About 100 ladies' high grade SILK A
f\ WAISTS, made of best quality taf- a
Q feta or peau de soie, beautifully fln- 21
v lshed, with tucked yokes and trim- •
W med with stitched bands; In blue, ©
O reseda, red, black and white; $5 and A
a $^ values; all sizes. Spe- CQ QQ a
:: dal at t{>0»*70 J*
o SILK ETON JACKETS. S
2 Taffeta. Peau de Soie and Moire, all ©
O tilk lined throughout; they were A
priced from $12 50 to $15 each; now A
A marked for raiHd sell- O* O CA a
g lag at Each <DOtUU J
3 IOc AND I5c LACES FOR 5c YARD, e
© 5000 yards REAL TORCHON LACES. •
O with insertion to match; a splendid Q
A quality for trimming underwear: A
a from 2 to 5 inches wide; every yard n
X 'worth from 10c to 15c yd. CZ.r» S
• Specia.1 at Tard OW ©
o HANDKERCHIEFS. %
O Indies' embroidered and scalloped- Q
0 edge HANDKERCHIEFS, also hem- A
f% stitched, with hand-embroidered S
rz bo-der; beautiful designs; rerularly X
*w sold at 15c and 20c each. IA/, •
O Special Each Ii/t» A
S SENSATIONAL SELLING OF f
o UDIES' KID GLOVES— ©
S $1.25 VALUES FOR 85c S
O The creat sale continues to-morrow. O
O Although we &old a large num- A
A. ber of them last week, we off«r them a
JT teain in order that these wuo were jS
J^ not able to attend may take advan- 2
• tage of this most remarkable eppor- Q
O tunity. A
g $1.25 GLOVES FOR 85c PAIR, g
I J. M. Levee & Go. I
g Cor. Geary and Powell Sis. J
© €
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNT AND "WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WABD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day;
J5 to $8 week; *S to »2O month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; lire grate* la
every room; elevator runs all nlsht. . ' - ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
. ¦ . ¦ •
Union-made guaranteed clothes
Our clothing is made by union labor. That is of interest to you. It means that the clothes are made,
in a clean, light, airy workshop where the air is as pure as in your own home, where sanitary conditions are per-
fect. Furthermore it means that the making is done by ekilled American workmen whose workmanship must
be up to the standard of their union. Even if you are not interested in unions you should wear union-made
clothing — the cleanliness of the garments alone warrants your patronage.
Our clothing is all guaranteed. The guarantee protects. Any customer that is not entirely pleased wi:h
his purchase can have the clothes altered or exchanged, or he can have his money back. Then again we keep
all^ clothes purchased from us in repair free for a year after 'purchase.
Our clothing is made by us and is sold direct to you, the wearer. The middleman's usual profit is your
saving. People who buy here are finding this' out by the wear of the clothes — and every month sees an in-
crease in our business. ,
We are showing: a very good assortment of suits at $9 that appeal to economical dressers who want
good looking, good t wearing clothes at a nominal price. They comprise blue serges and mixed tweeds and
cheviots. ' - • . \vv
Vacation Clothes for Boys
If your boy,is like other boys nc is anxious to start on his vacation this week, now -jjjjjgj^---
ir^-aSjg-n that school is out. Before he goes bring him in here and outfit him. Our prices and toPsS@«Ai
\jajSSk 4*1''} Rough Rider suits as pictured, made from U. S. Government khaki, first-class ma- l^^^^r^^^
VV%« Jr terial; suits are made in the regulation rough. rider uniform style, with long pants, neatly K iffif
. ¦ M EjV. T*\4; trimmed with red or blue; ages 3 to 12 years; excellent wearing goods — will wear .the vt» ""ffi
JnrS*n[ i'llMit' I! !'• '^^L^ Wash suits in all materials and at all White or percale shirt waists, with or KJl^^-B^Lf^^^ -yil
to^**L vf( 1 ! ! llliitoJi ilEKlV prices;' we can" show you about fifty without collars attached, aces 4 to 12 x^^^ffgbi^-^^ \dr L
v ¥^SM?'WfiB ' Wl-i ; W£m\ different styles, one of which we pic- years, 50c«. • \
N^^^^n^j/i/ir-;: : ffiK<y , ture; the prices are Unlaundered shirt waists in all col- ' V ¥¦ \\%W : fi^mSia ill
' NV^^O'^lMj fc'i W&&A/ r->w en t\r\ -^ ors. ages 3 to 12 years, 25c. U#<; ///»M!'i';f W^m ///
V^1m0^M ! W7/' 5OC U P tO $ 3 ' 00 a SUlt Unlaundered blouse waists with \%A^ ! \ : l09'
WWllJ'f/ We carry a full assortment of over-' tVS'" 25c' collars ' ' aKes to I0 ' .Hlffltf^mfi I
\\ WlMimXm- al|s J 0T h % S T^ 'I* 7 a T ma i e Al-wool' sweaters in ¦ various colors Al\J IMHIn f
I I IwmfWi ' -cwcd^nT rioted '*' and combination" stripes, ages 2 to 6 W| l| WA k B j
' Wlffl I I I i/ I, M , 25< L', 35C '-1 5 £i? nd < ™u' br ° W , n> 40c an d 50c' \ f ft IB W\ E \
\V 'W. liU / black or blue ' Wlth blbs< f ° r boys onIy - Also a complete stock of underwear. \\«lll«l Witt i
\lWS' ! Kfl' - At 5 ° C and GUC ' b °" Iy without ¦ hosiery, knee pants, wash pants, duck \\\ IBlffSl l Mv!i)
mlifw^ '"- J^II' ¦ bibs for boys. / pants for youths, etc., all at reasonable HwlBn \\Mw^l
i JMMI fj'fili I At 45c, blue and brown, with bibs prices. .lEfi^'l |™||''
II W I I'i ''I II * for girls, ages 2 to 10 years. See our window display. ••.:; ;;¦/¦'; 1 ''i^r itllli
1 tHi * fb*n£l B 115® J
1 llii ir^JiJLiiigsdiBAN PIEGO. June 7.— The . United States
steamer Ranger left'tWs ihorning for Panama
• PHOENIX, June ".—News was received here
tc-day of the arrest o* James McDanlels near
Tombstone. .He. is. alleged -to have-killed a
sheep ' herder, named John Ford in the Cave
Creek. Mountains, twenty miles north of Phoe
nix. In 1S00. ..
IHDRTLAXD. Or., June 7. —^Tha Portland ar.H
Asiatic «eatnshlp In<lr%vellt arrived to-day
from Hongkong and Yokohama with the largest
cargo ever brought to 3 North P*ciflc port. She
brought 3300 grain bagtf Mr Northwest points
and a large quantity of silk and rice, the to
te^vahtacf me cargo beins about 150Q.00O.
¦ ST. LOUIS, June 7.-The application for
a change of venue was to-day granted
Edward Butler, the St -'Louis millionaire,
w J 1< L a «T alts 611 *^ 6 charge of attempt
ed bribery. Jiidse Ryan gave tile attor-
Millionaire Gets Change of Venue.
PRINCETON, N. J., June 7.^-In the
presence of one of the largest crowds ever
seen at a Princeton baseball game Prince
ton defeated YaleVthis afternoon by the
score of 8 to 5. Princeton alumni, repre
senting.' the classes: of '77, .'82,: 'Mr' '99, .«oi
and '02,' witnessed; the. game and at its
conclusion performed antics on. the i field
while the undergraduates carried the cap
tain and pitcher on their shoulders to the
neldhouse. - .^
Princeton Defeats Yaje.
Duffey Equals Sixty- Yard Record.
aS.? IT Y P RK ' June 7 - At the New Yor *
Athletic Club me-iting to-day Arthur F.
i>uffey of Georgetown University, the
rastest sprinter in the world, essayed to
break the records for sixty and fifty yards
established several years ago by the late
th- t-n y i ers *.l n the slxty yards he broke
ir.e tape m b 2-o seconds, just equaling th<i
S°£ d s record.- After he had rested
Eh?l y » tri - < !? for < h « fifty yards record,
wnjch is Eft seconds, but only succeeded
In running the distance In 5 3-5 seconds.
ST. LOUIS, June 7.-A 3 . the result of a
collision to-day at the surface crossing at
Brentwood, St. Louis County, between a
car on the Clayton branch of the Sub
urban Electric line and an engine on" the
Missouri Pacific Railroad thirty-five per
sons were badly Injured, two fatally.
u Tne car, which could not be controlled
because pf a defective break, plunged
Into the engine, -which was at the cross
ing, and was badly wrecked.-
Two Passengers Fatally Injured and
. Thirty-Five Others Hurt
in ; Disaster.
ELECTRIC. . CAR CRASHES
INTO A TRAIN ENGINE
t n rt e^? I l tl iK Mond . a> u to asre e on a county
ra $s sag ssfirsa-ttis
The alleged victim of the prisoners,
George A. Snow, a preacher in the Mor
mon church, is said to have lost $28,000
in Chicago, and the detectives in the case
to-day sought to have the prisoners held
oa an , affidavit charging them with
NEW YORK, June 7.—William,Master
son,, known as "Bat" Masterson, James
Sullivan, J. C: Sanders and A. P. Frank,
whd were arrested yesterday charge.1
with being concerned in a "brace" favo
game, ".were held to-day on the charge of
aiding and'; abetting : in gambling games
and l'nduclrlg rriert to go to their rooms to
play games' of. chance. ¦ Ball in^each.case
was $500. Masterson and Sanders were re
leased, the other two going to«the Tomb.--.
The further examination wag set \for
MOnd.iy. , ¦ ::¦¦• . : ¦ .
New York.
Loss of., His Weapon in
"REVOLVER, MY j FRIEND,"
SAYS "BAT" MASTERSON
Former Western Notable Regrets the
Life [ Imprisonment for Murdsrer.
•ALLIANCE, Neb., June 7.— Judge West
over to-day sentenced August F. Jahnkc
to life Imprisonment for the 'murder last
April of Michael Sienk. Oliver Olsen, who
did the. shooting at the Instigation of
Jahnke, pleaded guilty to murder in the
second degree and received a sentence ok'
twenty years' .Imprisonment. Alfred
Jahnke, a brother of the convicted man.
held as an accomplice, was reprimanded
by the court and discharged.
swindling Elder Snow in Chicago, but the
court said it could not be done, as there
was no evidence here as to what occurred
In 'Chicago.-. The- additional charge of car
rying, concealed weapons was made
against Masterson. He said when his -re
volver was taken away from him that It
w&.s his best friend.
The St; . Lawrence ' livery stable and
Morton's stable have been given the con
tract for tally ho3 and wagonettes arid
drags for the Shrlners' processions Tues
day afternoon and evening, and the Hack
men's Union has entered an objection
through Its president to the committee
In charge of the parade that unless their
tallyhos and other conveyances are with
drawn hackmen will not be allowed to
engage in the parade. .
1 • Hackdrivers May Not 3>rive.
Many members of the British-American
Itillea are also members of the British
1'nlon. The dispute affects not alone th<»
Killer,,, but also Dr. d'Evelyh, who Is their
bead. The British Union has sent to thr
Mansion House fund, London, some $21,000
for the aid of widows and orphans of
British soldiers, . The British-American
P.iiles raised a large part of the fund, and
at the meeting 'of directors of the British
Union next Wednesday there will be some
of the' Rifies who are directors . of the
Urilig.h. Union who will propose that all
of the funds taken In at the peace cele
bration shall be sent to the Boer widows
and orphans. HSl'SS^SiBStBsnmstesstMti
Every British organization has been in-
Vlled to take part, except the British -
American Rifles, the latter being omitted,
it Is said, owing to some difference with
th'o" president of the union, William Greer
Harrison. ' ' ¦• •. " -' : .
The British Union of this city and vi
cinity propose to have a grand peace
celebration on June 26. The directors will
meet next Wednesday night to settle on
th.? .final details and the disposition of
funds raised. ' ...v-^a. :-.
From List of Guests, Owing
to Family Tiff.
British-American Rifles Overlooked
BRITISHERS WILL HOLD
A PEACE CELEBRATION
CALIFORNTAUS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The following
Californians have arrived: San Francis
co—I. M. Hackett, at the Marlborough; J.
Johnson and wife and S. King, at the
Park Avenue; G. P. Lyons, at the. Grand
Union; M. Sommers and wife, at the Im
perial; E. S. Stewart and wife, at the
Delevan; H. Lichtenstein. at the Victo
ria; A. H. Smith, at the Herald Square;
L. C. Vendever, at the Broadway Central.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
National— J. S. Moore, San Francisco. St.
James— J. Hanlon, Oakland; J. D. Keene,
Los Angeles. Willard— H. H. Sinclair,
Los Angeles: Dr. E. E. Stone, C. D. Haye3
and wife. Dr. William M. Lawlor, L. W.
Haspham and wife, San Francisco.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"It Is apparent, even to th6 casual ob
server, that art In all its phases is rap
idly developing in this cotirrrry." Beauty; of
surroundings, formerly eon&iderd a-lux
ury, has now become a necessity, and, in
a certain sense a measure of civic pride,
•intelligence and refinement. H«nce the
growing importance and manifold ad*
vantages of ornamental horticulture as an
auxiliary to private, public or civic Im
provements Is being dally more recognized.
By stimulating the public taste for flori
culture we do much to magnify the glory
of our State, which Is already accorded
the title of "Land of sunshine, fruit and
flower*." owing to Its unrivaled horti
cultural endowments.
After interesting speeches by President
H. Plath and other members the meeting
listened to instructive remarks by State
Vice President H. H. Lillenthal of the
Society of American Florists and Orna
mental Horticulturists.x He congratulated
the society on the progress indicated by
Its coming exhibition and previous ones.
Continuing, President Lillenthal said:
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Pacific Coast Horticultural Society last
night In Mission Opera Hall encourag
ing reports : were received from the com
mittee of arrangements relative to. the
coming summer exhibition on August 14,
15 and 16 at the ferry. building.
in Ferry Building in
August. •
Horticulturists to Hold Annual Show
PLANNING FOR FINE ¦; ;". ,;
FLORAL EXHIBITION
This unusual honor to an Embassador
causes much comment and Is interpreted
by the Daily Chronicle as paying a
"graceful attention" to the Americans
r.ov.' in London and as a tribute which is
sure to be much appreciated by them as
a nation. Not for years have a King and
Queen been guests at the table of a for
eign Embapsador. ¦ ¦ - - .
yUEENSTOWN. June 7.— The Cunard
line steamer Umbria, from New York
Hay 31, having on board Whitelaw Reid,
the special embassador of the United
Slates to King Edward's coronation, ar
rived here to-day. Mr. Reid, when in
formed of the situation in South Africa,
expressed his pleasure at the fact that
peace had been concluded prior to the
coronation.
While the arrangements have not yet
been completed it is probable that White
law Reid, the special envoy of the United
States to the coronation, and the mem
bers of his etaff and the members of the
United States embassy will constitute a
large proportion of the guests. Doubtless
It will be a brilliant gathering, as Choate' <s
mansion in Carltoa House Terrace is em
inently fitted for entertainment on a lav
ish scale. -¦
LONDON. June 7.— The dinner which
Joseph' II. Choate, the United States Em
bassador ar.d Mrs. Choate will 'give to
King Edward and Queen Alexandra will
take place Wednesday. June 11. .
The decision of the Navy Department to
refrain from carrying the case further is
based entirely upon a cabled and conse
quently brief report of the action of the
c-'iirt of inquiry and of Admiral Crowiiin
f"nield's disapproval of the recommenda
tions. •
There will be no further proceedings in
this case, according to the present Inten
tion of the officials. The grounds on
which Admiral Crowninshield disapproved
the finding, namely, the insufficiency of
evidence, would not. It is believed, give
any cause for offense to the Italian Gov
ernment. The admiral does not find that
the Italian court erred, but he does find
that, situated as the Chicago Is, it is not
I'Ofesible to secure the evidence -which
would justify the assembling of a court
martial.
"Admiral CroWninshield has disap
proved the opinion and recommendation of
the court of inquiry, where it is adverse
to the officers, on the 'ground that it is
not sufficient evidence."- ¦•- :
"The court of inquiry recommends trial
by court-martial of Lieutenant John
Doddridge. U. S. N.; Captain Robert F.
Wynne, U. S. M- C, and -Assistant Sur
geon Robert E. Ledbetter, U. S. N., on
the charge of unbecoming behavior in
public, and that no further 1 , action be
taken in' the case of Cadet James C.
Kruss. U. S. N.. and Private Wilfred
Langley. U. S. M. C.
WASHINGTON, June 7.-Tbe Navy De
partment this morning gave but the fol
lowing statement concerning the court of
inquiry which investigated the case of the
American officers arrested at Venice:
Officers Involved in
Venice Disturbance
Exonerated.
King and Queen to Dine
With American Em
bassador.
NAVY REFRAINS
FROM INQUIRING
CHOATE'S GUESTS
THEIR MAJESTIES
THE members and friends of' St.
Charles parish, of which Rev.
< James McDonald J is pastor, wiil
hold a grand reunion and picnic
at Glenwobd Park next Wednes
day. Inasmuch a8 the proceeds are to be
devoted to the erection of a new church
for the parish a deep interest in the affair
has been aroused and the indications
point to its proving a huge success.
For some time past the growth of the
parish has been such as to render the
building of a new church imperative in.
order to accommodate the parish wor
shipers. Father McDonald has » worked
zealously to raise funds for the purpose
and his efforts have been crowned with
success. He has been aided materially in
his benevolent work by the executive and
building committees of the parish, and It
was decided to devote the proceeds of the
annual picnic to the church building fund.
At a meeting of the committee last night
the various committees reported that tha
arrangements were all but completed and
that through the~ efforts of Father Mc-
Donald the services of Professor McMa
hon. ;the Irish fiddler, had been obtained,
so that all who are fond of jig and reel
dancing may be satisfied.
The picnic boat will leavs the narrow-r
gauge wharf at 9:15 o'clock on Wedtiesday
morning, arriving at the grove at 11:45
o'clock. The cost of tickets for adults is
$1 and for children 50 cents. Tickets may
be secured from the pastor or any mem
ber of . the parish and at the ferry on the
morning- of the picnic. . . '¦
The officers of the reunion are: Chair
man, J. J. Jordan; secretary, D. J. Mc-
Gloln; treasurer, Rev.-. James McDonald.
The committees are as follows:
. Reception — Mr. Kelly, chairman; Joseph
DougHerty, J. J. Connolly, ' Thomas Learned,
Frank Weylan. M. McAlIeer, M. Monohan. R.
O'Brien, M. King, M. Gallagher,' Rev. James
' McDonald, R?v. E. • Looney, Rev. J. P. Moran.
Floor — J. J. . Connolly, manager; D. J. Mc-
Gloin, assistant floor :n3anapcr;-Dr: C. J. Mi>
Carthy, ThomaH Connolly,* Thomas- Dougherty,
J. X. Quinn; Hugh McCann, . Burt Foley, L.
O'Neil, George Petersen, E. Glin'n, M. A. Mc-
Cann. ' - c *' •
Prizes— Frank Dougherty, J. J. . Dyer, A. B.
Maguire and Richard Doran.
Game — J. ¦ Dougherty, Thomas Learned, R. ,
Doran, Edward Dawgon, John J.. Doyle. \
Press — J. E. O'Brien, Thomas Learned and
George F. Lynch. V." •- .
Music — Mrs. M. McAlleer, . Miss E. Donohoe
t>nd J. J. Connolly. *',
WILL DEVOTE
PICNIC FUND TO
NEW CHURCH
THE SM FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
the energetic and popu
\ Lar . pastor of st.
charles church.
20
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are your daughters pale, weacy, languid? Do
/K&izSSs they have much headache and backache during
JwfeSajgS^^^^^ their monthly periods? These are Nature's warn-
\ Tia'^jttf/ / Ins 3 to a H sereible mothers. They need a pure,
ji^/lf' I gentle, invigorating stimulant.
j^^^^^^k The following letter of Miss Carson -will inter-
/&Utk\ ¦'fffifrir 1 S47 "Columbus Ave.. New Tork, Jan. 10, 1W2.
•' • n^""~yfcf?-%c^r5iffi r™ Gentlemen: During the past summer I became
**"' very much run down in health and lost about
L.i . '" '"'^S^CTi\ thirty pounds. I suffered untold agony. Duffy's
r m -- . TySftfcffiftHiN j. Pure Malt Whls-key was recommended to me by a
' ' J&zffi&T^' friend, who gaid it saved her life. I had ray
f doubts about it, but thought I would try it. I
VMsl S^iFSL I am now on my £ourth bottle, and I must say it
iS9sB&i S5toCaPi I ha s done me more good than all other medicines,
/Graffls JSjeS^iflr / nA 1 tried several. I had a tough, the doctor said
laBaSMsP^ttft&K 5 ? m y lungs were affected: I had indigestion, back-
/Jlw^gggy^r /!» ASaX 1 1 I I ache and headache, and was greatly troubled
H3^^^5^HWHl^Sv I \ • *rtth painful menstruation. I also had numbness
m7^^Iii "*! F,!"-'m\ I V in my limbs. A"g soon as I began to take Duffy's
f]£$!3&*8gl&l&si K£8l*\ I \ Malt Whiskey I felt better, until now my coush
ASf^OTS^T^S^to^ \ has all left me and my lungs are perfectly sound.
t«^SK?tfiS < *5sS^a I T have no more headache or backache and I dor.'t
,^^Sffl^^^5Ql!%Sffi^^S I know what pain is. I can eat anything and it
«^^**<y^a^jByi^»SaE^^a - agrees with me. I am convinced all my troubles
~v^^^S^^^^S^^» came from impoverished blood and poor clrcula-
VSt|IyljWyYfflfl|afm tion. I think your whiskey Is the greatest med-
icine on earth. Every woman should know about
\fJSKyB6MB»\ " it. I recemmend it to any one who suffers as I
• did. as I think it is a godsend to women. Grate-
-Oey fully yours, CLARA M. CARSON.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
Is a. cure cure for these ills peculiar to . . /¦„<: .
I young women. It acts directly on ths
>ital organs, stimulating them to a heal- v^5?tTR.E A*!^^^
thy action, aids digestion and circulation, J05. V^ _1j^._
thus .removing all irregularities and dan- i^
fg'v cf quick consumption. It will surely iVvOV»is.
give your daughters strength and rosy . >%S^^K»A v^KVV
cheeks and fit them for their useful f/^f/ £Uu jfSzss. vGaV^
ri here in life as healthy, happy wives and >/S/ BEX o/^^^^ \ttfft
Duffy's Pure Malt "Whiskey is sold in //mi f«3s»_ G*t^EB' 1^1-
Bfulc-d bottles only. If offered in any /|**'l I^^viStot^Na-. Ii^V
ether lhan our own patent bottles, se- IJ^JI /F^£p&,?5&ZF$t&)k. I Hi
curcly pealed, it is not the genuine. Be- ll 1 fit lyjS i^^i &S a IPS!
ware of substitutes and imitations! In- II I jAg ag^aStSjK /fel
j-ist on the genuine and be sure you get it. l\ \ S / //
For sale by all druggists and grocers, or \\ V^Jxl J^^rff^^^^^r //
FREE — Medical booklet containing JJ
symptoms and treatment of diseases and >^ i?^!^?*Sra5!^^^^ >X
convincing testimonials, together with A/VnS;^^^^^ Jw
Doctor's ndviee sent free. Two game
crunters for 'whist, euchre, etc., sent free yAP^K^i^r
on receipt of four cents to cover postage. . t , ll "¦ * I^>^'^
Duffy Malt .Whiskey Company, Roches- • . "**'^.
tcr. N. Y.
1 ¦¦ " ' "; ,---,--; - . ,~ to-DAY'S W 6nderful Store News assures extraordinary selling: for \
I O«U r UL 1- ' this week. Every department, without a single exception, has pu^rthig Dlflf \fll0 flf KIPHk
I SR fi flf A hatrn^ strongest efforts to make you offers that will eclipse ANY AND ALL DIR OtllC Ul DldUlV
I UaiC Ul HlUailUOO > ' that will be raade elsewhere. It will be a week of ., most phenomenal ° n . .
I Mnnrlnii economy opportunities— a week full of pleasant surprises for every vis- RfinnQ KPITin^nTQ fit
E iVIOIlOByi ftoXtk fastest growing store. EVEBY ITEM that follows means a UUUUb nCliilldlllb : dl
I - - ft ' -. ... . . big saving, and there are hundreds more that we would mention tt space Wg waited U n til enough g '¦ /
I a °°° -PMallty for , were not already overcrowded. Remnants accumulated to j / :
I net and Navy, an unprecedented bar- THIRD IESS THAN the regular E
1 \ At e 3°6c Yard. ny ' country orders receive prompt attention selling prices. |
n&REAT JUNE SALE OF WHITE GOODS ISrow.
I Organdies, Nainsook?. Persian and Victoria Lawns, Dimities, India Llnon, Cheviots, Tucklngs, Etc.. Much Jnjj'^ 0 ' I
i u • ' To-morrow we begin a very special sale of WHITE GOODS, an offering that will be Intensely Interesting to every f o«an. for not prD^ M tasteful and dainty
I but an opportunity to choose from a great new stock; assortments so bountiful in variety that we can surely satisfy your most exacting demands lor nne. «»•«« »"* "*""'
g materials. j^Jlere we quote only a few .items to suggest the rest: . ¦ -*i •'¦ . « :
1 White Pique. India Lihon. French Organdy. English Long Cloth. Dimities and
1 ll r YARD-SO pieces White 1 An YARD-A sheer and soft 4OC 1^° r.Zt^tl^lZ? Sit 10 T^R.T, ?? Persian LawnS.
I IIC. Pique, a good quality. 1 4 C quality for waists and 7 "H fe! d "H lnCb %"ii m lS^- 1 Q r* YAHD-Fine Cord«d and
I ggp t^^^SS%^9 "dresses; grand value at 20c yard: -^^SSS^i^r^^ tt^'J^.?.&M>'£2i }& C Sheer DimlUes, worth 23c
H 1 Q r YARD — Extra heavy Ol n YARD— 100 pieces Victo- CQ/» YARD — " V«ry excep- Qf|r Tr ABD ~^° pl tf** Frenc . h OSr T£ B %Z T %£!!? 1 wfi^l
1 "^ C corded Pique, excellent for O:*C ria £awn. the regular OoC tional quality, fully 70 .£ UC Nainsook a^Very excel- 4 O*£ for th* finest WAI3T3
B skirts or dresses; regular value 12^c kind; special \-alue at. Inches wide." for the finest WHITE lent qttahty; good value *t SOc cr DRESSES, extra wldtu, worta (
B 25c yard. :8 l-3o yard DRESSES; worth 75c yard. yard. ; :, 40c yard. j
I MERCERIZED MADRAS AND CHEVIOTS, $1,00 AND 75c WHITE TUCKINGS FOR LACE STRIPED LAWNS, j
I Worth 40c and 35c Yard, on Sale at a grand variety of Cambric and Nainsook . - n GoodValue at 20c end 25c Yard. t
m A very handsome lot to choose from; all -»,»_,/-¦ Tuckln&s, so much In demand for Waists A Q\j An Immense bargain: the choicest styles of t m ry
§3 the latest.fad. for Waists and Suits; in plain O CT L and Yokes; some with cluster of tucks, oth- tiA,, , fancy open worked and hemstitched Lawns; A /\ {j J
g and dainty silk striped effects; very excel- /\ Z\ _ , ers with. Lace Insertion;' grahd value at 75c Yard beautjfnl fabric for Dresses and Waists; most \ i-U
| tional value at. ** r* lard and ?1.00 yard; sale price... '.. of them worth 25c yard; a grand leader at.. • ¦*• lard
j tremendous wa'sh GOODS SALES. Mark-Down Sale of Women's Tailor- $&$
• S We are confident that Monday will eclipse our best efforts of the past, for we have itnAn Oni'n nnrl Cill# flrnPO Cl/ll*l{* \*^^£" 1
| H agjaln arranged for some marvelous Wash Goods selling for this week. All this season's lYi H 11 R iMIhS nUti ollK UlGoa UlVli lOi r 5 «V' I
E best styles and colorings, in all "the delicate sheer tints and fancy effects, exactly the I»UUU WUI.U UHU Ullf\ uiwww vnii iwi t*/^
I fabrics that everybody wants right now, to be sold, beginning to-morrow, at unprece- ... . ¦ . • . iTijl-l;- ._. .„*-.«-,» Jyfth. ¦ I
h dented low prices. '.-¦.. . i We have made price reductions so extreme I
| CRASS LINEN BATISTE. MERCERIZED GRENADINE. and radical which is bbund to create lively sellins (!li\&p*M\
i The favorite summer fabric ' » * - High-ciass Mercerized arena- f\ this coming week — but we are determined to clear \f ]i jWV\
g of the season; very 6heer qual- 4 £jL{* Ine> dalnt y and pretty. In all P>l 1/5 out our surplus Stock. Every odd suit and skirt II JfS tiff\\ 1
g > lty, In the natural ecru shade, ATJw the pretty evening colorings. CrV/v/ has been reduced The choicest styles of this sea- \y\ ul jFj \\
I for and summer dresses; Yard- *^ .^ck; worth 75c yard. y^j SO n— made of the best, most expensive imported \\\ {%/&<? 1
I SSS^S *£ " f ° n ° WS (aItCrati ° nS W^ U
H A sreat variety of this sea- «- f\ Heavy shrunk Canvas Linen, -^ ,», . extra;. -.^« . A . \ 1 1
I ??i1Th ch< i lcest ., a " d J!?^!SJ 1 IIP an the rage now. for skirts V^P $20.00 Tailor^Made Suits /or. .. .?13.5O each \ |]
1 deSns eS and n coforlngs e ; we^eTm- 1 A Ul/ ?nd suits, in the correct dark AVKj .. $2 S .OO Tailor-Made Suits .. .gl8.50 each \ \ |
I ported to sell at 15c, 20c and- Yfl.Tl1 natural shade. Special value at Yq^ $33-00 Tailor-Made Suits for $22.oO each - « \ it
I 25c Greatest of values at...... * tt f u ...........:: ittlu $40.00 Tailor-Made Suits for. .. .$27.50 each \\ 1
§ SATIN STRIPED CHALUES TWILLED SUITINGS. l"^ 1 * Ji IX 1
B Just those you will want j\'mr Just the fabric for rough . _^ . ftM I ¦>•*#»* 0I#S»4m Odd Lines O f • ¥£V -'.•"• U
I now. for seaside and country country wear, in black and A <J lp Xlllf Ijr HS<V -SKIlTS, PEAU DE SOIE / 1 ?V\ I
BJ wear, for waists, klmonas or \J\J\/ blue grounds, with neat white 1 V Will* UIUUU VIllllVl . TAFFETA A l~^>\ \ A
I I^^^SSJSSS.^ Yard I -SK^'^SS^ Yard SILK DRESS SKIRTS very effective and grace- / % :==^A \ I
1 1800 YARDS COLORED ORGANDY,. 25c 'Quality- for' SflFy-Lifirty'iu'ffl^and "fine $ i ft 7C J/^yJi iM, I 1
K FOR MONDAY ONLY— A very special offering of lSOO yards sheer'^ -y n Tailor Stitching— skirts that sold I gi _ I 3 dJ ¦ / & £ \ \ 'A U
& and soft Organdy, 32 inches wide, in colors* of light blue, pink, lavender, A \\\j as Iiio-h as S? > sO anH $->? OO- all BlH B ¦*&•-¦ . I / » % JS^ rl
I red. maize, gray, green and black; always sells af25c yard. On sale Mon- l>j T . a | n , lg " a , S S 22^ 0 ana j>2 0 .O0, a" U||-|- r-.u K, —^/^3. M
I day only at.......:.. x ** Yard of them have bej;n reduced to. . tacB -^^j^p^jy^J
I f Another Record Breaking Silk 5ale . I |
I 1 4000 Yards SI.OO Quality Colored Peau de Sole Dress Silks-. for 11 |
I'll ra ' Our Silk offerines this season have been remarkable, continuous and of daily occurrence — again to-morrow we present one of the - ¦ : jfP" 1^ h ! 'f J^^\. m
m ra best buying opportunities of the year — it's an offering of Just such silks that are in greatest demand now; 4000 YARDS EXTRA HEAVY jfran. flir»_ R El 'j
H ei PEAU DB SOIE. a silk of a brilliant luster and^extra hiarh finlsh.for dress purposes and waists: In polbra of White, Cream. Light Blue K H' M- "*" . -H H ' EJ
BE » Pink. Old Rose. Cardinal, Turquoise. Pearl. Gray. Tan, Royal, Maize, Reseda and Navy. By far the biggest of silk bargains; Peau de '¦ f| ¦ %im ' Ll \\
Q " ' H 'Sole that would readily bring $1 a yard ; on special sale to-morrow at the lowest price ever known at. ; YARD I »
j i HighrClass $1.00 and $1.25 SILK FOULARDS at " sale of black taffeta^and peau |esoie; I 1
j§ N No one with a Foulard Silk want, present or prospecUve, iw f\ p lOC SWISS TAFFETA lOF $1.00 BLACK PEAU DE SOIE fOT H
gj "ft should neglect to-morrow's marvelous ofterlng. These exquisite P> I |v ' ¦ This ' offer for Monday ' ' - A n ,,-t, t _ ty , mt . _,„ , t H
H " Eh Foulards embrace many of this reason's handsomest and most ultra %J \J Y-.4 and Tuesday only — 2500 »*¦ «-v quauiy mat wiu *iv^ * *
hi i designs/ in colors of Royal. Tan. Brown. Red. Purple, Oray t Old *»ru yards lustrous and brilliant UfiA good satisfaction: extra F7 f\ **. E F
H . m Rose, Green and Black and White. Included are the FINEST SATIN LIB- finish Swiss Taffeta; good rjtlli >,„ „_,_„......, /*"ftf*I I
ml H ERTY FOULARDS; the choicest styles produced. Silks that were $1 and $1.25 value at 75c a yard; on V/ heav y. « * rich fast black 1%J\J ¦ 11 |;
R N a yard, on sale to-morrow at../ ; 50c yard special sale at Yard. dye; actual value $1; for... Yard. \l £
1 Big Embroidery Offering Our First Great Notion and Lining. Sale, J 300 Silk Waiqfq
S «B. N j ntl JO Vfl Ufnrth Oflft Thousands of. shoppers will be attracted by to-morrow's exceptional fine offering In WWW W 1 1 II 1 H Ul U 10 }'¦
m ' RiOnOSYi I/P Tlli VlOlin ZUCi Notions and Dress Linings. Our regular Notion and Lining sections have been much in- u . .. »„ rn j •«« n - .. . "-
I inuiiuaj, j^ Ste^ui" iSKVthe"^: to "^ thu the raost *w*™ «« % ortb $8.50 and $10.00, Monday 2
I come expecting to find some of the .best DRESS LfNINGSa NOTION ' SAVINGS* Interesting news , to waist A^ aa |
I | embroidery bargains you have been getting |^ TARD-Very fine quality mercer- HOOKS AND EYES at lc card know* what" 0 "^henomenat ODvK I
IB for a long time; not a yard in the lot that *Jr „„ ized Percaline of a spun glass nn- NICKEL-PLATED SAFETY PINS 3c card w a>st busiresa .we're doing. -WWJl I
I I, ™«h l.« tl»« 200 . yard. . All ,.t ¦a^i.SiSSk'SiliVii.'S.SSS!* HAIRPIKS IN CABINET BOXES... »«•«£ J'^JSU'i. "" ¦SSg*Zf li "S
I r Q-^^« 3 j« !=;? .« s - 2 sSii&SsSS^Ss^s h^sseus&'wSs I
I ||||^|^:;g|is|s 2lFJ£»iS!3F8 SEKsssas^KsSS saiw«'«--«s a
I H '. * —^— colors and black; regularly sells at 30c yd. TOOTH BRUSHES with good bristles ¦>'**?! f-i
ra' tfn'nnAinnnnn I ann CnnAinln QOp YARD— French and Herringbone » ..8c each •}
II enCienneS LSCS CPSCIalSi -*fVHalrCloth;to black and gr2y; FINE DRESSING COMBS...... 10c each ll-.,. OUlml III.!.! O »1 H
I .New and Dainty Edgings and Imm 1 .^. / i^^^"**^^ tyj- stS^et^d' r^b^ BJg&SF N6W oHln WaiST SOIlS |j
j f^t^£M^iWiiMi\ %^£^?&c>t:oo 1.1
1 -"-522 1°""i SS2S* v» »« » i<& dS»n Li bUck: sells ey « r y wh ? re at c = *p«- American pins, good quality, at mmmfdiw^ii cut; very 5Hn*y V I
a . 300 dozen; special value at 5Oc doz«n ,. ciai Tc yard .-." 4o per paper stylish; special at . Snit i
The Muslin Underwear Sa!e. Extraordinary Sale of Wash Waists
I be-Jt H^ S b^mafe?& a i.ra.rc^t. 8^ $I^ 5 and^l.SO. WHITE UWN AND CHAM BRAY WAISTS Monday H
fa style and goodness. ' Our prices,' too, are lower . than will be found elsewhere on equal A great big sale of Cotton Shirt waists IS planned for A ~ A *
H qualities, on sale and displayed on our new a nd spacious Second Floor. * Monday, and we promise you some of the best values offered fl O P I
I LADI.S' GlW.iS. Col": et GOVarS aild "WW-rS CAMBRIC PETTICOATS. - his f- e f SO1 ?- 'Embraced are Chambray and Gingham Waists. Jfft}U \
I SQr .»«. KA r eacii-a great va- «j> i .oo EACH-The biggest m solid colors and pretty stripes in the best colorings; also a %J%$ _ ,
m OOC c iai value, positive- OUC rietyot corset Cov- 0 1-— of values- ioo lo" grand line of White Lawn Waists with cluster tucks and I
I lUnr^ific.^cTrcu! KSKSS! '%£"%£**§£*•£% 6 very latest i
p lar transparent yoke of nne quisltely trimmed with Laca flounce: -others with two : fasnl0ti ; Sizes 32 tO 44; waists that were imported to sell.at $1.7^ and $1.50' |
I jffi|pM|^ S »|t@ gg&5! IS! B^g wtrth 1^^ 0 "^ t °- morrow<s exceptional value. . ... ...........' , .-. . /. . /. .OSc^ach \
I p|sS oo d r 3 n '''^;;':; h ;:"^Z^T .gg^sy^^^ Women's New Washable Dress Skirts. |
1 ™% yoTe^e^e^rdaintily ggJjgSSgiS SSI ' wiS? ¦ j% "o^ce^d " A S P««?. °*T?* is <> n io *\?' mo ™?< beyond : doubt the neatest, best r
g trimmed with Embroidery comely trimmed at 73c French Embroidery. with and most delightful display Of Women S Dre&S Shirts in this City. No Other S
I ~ and >Lace: • gre «i o« U F a ch > 1 - u0 t0 eAch. : «t r^a dust ruMe !|™g« vai- store anywhere shows such great varieties; none display so many beautifully |
I •••¦•"¦•¦•:•' ' 23 PAIR-A: beautiful g- 0.50 Tligh' Clas« White ft?!/? 1 " f^fe^J? 0^ ° ff " the °? XT at SU^ h f ?^ il J? tin J5 IoW W«S. THE [
1 Our line of . Gowns OUC assortment of Draw- <!>€i — Petticoats. extra ACME of SKIRT'PERFECTION, made of Polka Dot Galatea, in' Black I -
B , frouj ?2.oo to $5.00 are ers at this price; handsome- width, trimmed with exqui- and Navy White Piaue Grass T inen Trash and Denim all nf them finick.,1 I 5
1 the greatest values ever ly trimmed- with Lace and site French Embroidery and , Jl L ii i ? 1 vvnue ri( We, uraSS Lllieii, t.rasn ana ijenim— ail Ot tnem nmshed
I seen; every ono Is wor- Embroidery; also a great va- Polnt.de Paris Lace; ele- wltn tile latest graduated flounce. On sale, beginning Monday — J
gi , thy; very efTecttve. . rlety at 75c. $U00 to $2.00 gant value at So.oo: sale COS Cl 7" C» en ?¦«. CE i\i\ V ~.~U.
I — — —i ¦ Fair. price .......... Sft3.5O Each q>l.^i>, 2)1. /a, CjjZ.OU tO JJ>O»UU LOCil*
I IMMEN5E JUNE OFFERINGS IN HOUSE FURNISHINGS. I
I The 9Uminer lnVe8tmentS <n SHE ?TINGS. BLANKETS. LINENS. TOWELS, or any kind of housekeeping article,. |
$3.-00- NAPKINS for $1595 Doz, $5.50 whbte blankets for $3 95 a Pair. «ii? Sfflia^r si c S> M !,nd BE r?; j
% A great sale of Napkins in the ioo pairs. ii T 4 l White California JBlankets; extra heavy, very fleecy fin- do »» w « bed8 « in nice patterns. 6n. S£ ue at }.
I choicest patterns, full three-quarter ished with nice binding and choice borders, great value at 83.05* nair ' fiao each *
liMilMi^iSi SHEEflNCAND PILL 0 WCASING For Monda,. fJ£?$F^?C$^ *% 1
1 /AH v cry heavy TURKISH • 8co yards Bleached Sheetin K . 8i inches wide, a durable quality. Mon- $t^.£*^^!tt;™^:*ffl^Jg |
M bleached and. unbleached, good value '% 1200 yards Bleached Pillow Casing, 45 inches wide, regular price i2 T /c- S3— linen damas^tov^ls^m I
H «it 35c ; on sale at . . . . ¦ ... .S4c each ¦ Monday only •. ; . . . . .¦ ; ....... ... . . ........ loc yard Sfe at W " h P " tty bor<iers: worth * 4 -' °« i
|^ *»»^ 1 '1" ' 1 1 ' " ' '^_' ) ' . - . ' . .. ' **-' -_ ft3»0Q dozen *"
¦ ¦• ¦ . ¦- 5 : ¦ •¦ ..-;•..¦..¦•. ¦ 1 "¦-.-¦¦.-. ¦¦••¦.- •: ••---.• ¦ ... . - ¦ ~ r-T-: : — — ; -¦ : — mt^ m^ mmtmt
Jp Fill Your Prescriptions %
mi' You can always depend upon the quality, \
M P ur ity a nd freshness of the drugs, chemicals and jft
u all ingredients we put into prescriptions. Our four y\
/[£ stores do such a large business nothing ever remains |\
j a on our shelves long enough to become old or stale, "^il
r| Our prescription clerks are men of experience and !|
u skill, and they do nothing but fill prescriptions; an'd . jjl
\f\ the business we do keeps them busy, too. Our fjr
W; prescription prices are as low as our medicine prices. ffJJ
\% * e ' e P non e for messenger to call for your pre- jnl
m, «cription— South 356— we will fill and deliver ¦' fflf
Mr
V^^ / I!2» M.m M s, _ j^ rr«nel»e # M/
Mw^j Drc«dw»y t. io»h S«., OthUnd kW "ers, Tuesday, June 10, 'the Southern' Pa
cific will run a special train from "¦ Third
street. Depot to San Jose, leaving at ll-ia
p. m., and stopping at all Intermediate
stations en route.
Special Night Train to San Jose.
For the accommodation of those attend
ing the night parade of the Mystic Shrln-
Jacob Cassman, former waiter in the
Palace Hotel, who committed burglary to
obtain funds with which to play poker at
the Cafe Royal, was sentenced to six
months in the County Jail by~-Judge Ca
baniss yesterday, the 'Judge having re
duced the charge to petty larceny. In do
ing bo the Judge said that he took into
consideration the defendant's youth and
previous good character, but he advised
him to gamble within his means in tha
future, or, better still, not to gamble at
all. • vfejSuBCQtffiBaKwBBBJtt-' v ¦
Cassman's Plea Successful.
Cal! at Santa Fe ticket offlce, G»l Market
street, for Illustrated pamphlet and j full par
ticular*. . •
The quickest and roost convenient" w»y In
&n<! out of . the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa. Fe. If you leave Fan Francisco to
rtny at 0 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Tosemlte to-morrow a t 5 p. m.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
John Purdy, alias Blanchard, alias
Thompson, a professional beggar, ap T
peared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
on a charge of vagrancy, but as it is what
is known as a "one day complaint" the
Judge had to dismiss the case. Purdy was
arrested on Geary street Friday nignt
while begging with a little boy as assist
ant. The boy Is 7 years of age and the
Judge ordered Officer McMurray of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children to send him to some home. Both
Purdy 'and his wife have been arrested
several .times for begging, although he Is
in receipt of $60 per month from his par
ents in Scotland. . • ' ;
Professional Beggar Arrested.
To deep beneath a tent, to pass the day
In the open air and have nothing else to
dc Is to camp with luxury. "Camp Va
cation" makes this easy- for a^ It is a
hotel under canvas. Regular hotel serv
ice is furnished, but the guests live In
tents. The tents are provided with wooden
floors, are well furnished and are taken
care of by those in charge. The camp is
situated on a bank of the Russian River,
In a redwood grove favored with a de
lightful mingling of sunshine and shade.
A fcplendid table is provided, and the gen
eral cemfort of the guests well looked to.
The camping ground includes 150 acres
while the Russian River affords four
miles for boating and excellent places for
bathing. There is a large stretch of sandy
beach right at the camp. The well known
Leauty of the country about the Russian
River, and the novel but complete plan
for accommodation, make this a most
desirable place for the summer outing.
The rates are $10 per week, and special
rates are made, for families. The camp
Is but a few hours' ride from San Fran
cisco, near Guerneville, on the California
Northwestern Railway, and there are two
trains each way daily. Address "Camp
Vacation," Guerneville, Sonoma County
Cal.
A Luxurious Camp for All.
Maria Teresa Elliott commenced an ac
tion against Orson H. Elliott yesterday
to recover a piece of real estate located at
the corner of Twenty-sixth and Fair Oaks
streets which, she alleges, Elliott ob
tained from her by taking advantage of
her love and affection for him.
According to Miss Elliott's complaint
she went to live with Elliott and his fam
ily in July, 1900, when she was 20 years o'
age, and resided with them until June 1
of this year. During that time Elliott,
she alleges, prevailed upon her to convey
her property to him, using, she charges,
the Influence he. had gained over her by
daily association and her love for him and
his family.
One June 1, she charges, he ordered her
to leave his home, and when she demand
ed the reconveyance of her real estate ne
refused to give it up.
Charge Against Present Owner
of Property.
Maria Teresa Elliott Make's Serious
YOUNG GIBL "-BBDrGS SUIT
TO RECOVER "R-TTAT* ESTATE
Judge Cook adjourned court yesterday
till June 30, when he and Judges Murasky
and Troutt will sit in bank to hear the ar
guments in the quo warranto proceedings
to test the right of the old Board of
Health to hold office. During Judge
Cook's absence Judge Murasky will act as
presiding Judge.
Judge Cook's Vacation.
William Gilder, a laborer, living at the
Risdon House, Potrero. reported to the
police yesterday that while on his way
home about 11 o'clock on the nigrht of
May 31 he was attacked by three men on
Kentucky street, near Eighteenth. One
of them struck him on the bead with a
blunt instrument, knocking: him down.
He went to the City and County Hospital,
where a wound on his tprehead was
stitched and dressed. He could give no
reason for the assault.
Assaulted bj Three Men.
DENVER, June 7.— Andy Moore, alias
Brassington, who is under arrest in San
Francisco, will be brought to Denver as
soon as a Denver detective can be sent
for him. Moore is charged with having
swindled a number of merchants In both
Denver and Boulder. Moore was at one
time agent for an Eastern safe company.
He sold safes to a number of merchants
in Denver and Boulder and afterward,
losing his position, is charged with hav
ing visited the merchants and obtained
money from them as payment for th»
safes. The firm for whom he was work
ing endeavored to have him arrested, buc
he fled. This was about six weeks ago.
The San Francisco Chief of Police wired
Chief Armstrong this morning asking
that he send a man at once to brinjr
Moore to Denver. An officer will leave to
morrow for San Francisco.
Brassington was insistent in his denial
that he was tne famous : forger bnear,
and yesterday morning it was decided to
examine him by the Bertillon system.
Chief Wlttman, W. H. Levings of tne Bu
reau of Identiiication and George Keiiy.
police photographer, conducted the exami
nation and there was indisputable proof
that Brassington was not Shear. There
was a difference of an inch in height and
other measurements, and certain distinc
tive marks on Shear, according to His de
scription, were lacking on Brassington.
Brassington admits that he is wanted in
Denver for embezzling money belonging
to safe manufacturers in that city, and
will be taken back there to stand his
trial. When he was shown the photo
graph of Shear he was startled by the
wonderful resemblance to himself, and
said he was not surprised that the de
tectives had taken him for the forger.
Chief Wittman, who is a member of the
National Bureau of Identification, ; said
after the examination of Brassington that
the Bertillon system. would in future be
adopted here on all felons, and he pointed
to this case as a striking demonstration
of its efficiency. He had his doubts about
Brassington being Shear from the fact
that from information he had received
from the Pinkerton agency here Shear
should be serving a four-year sentence in
Sing Sing penitentiary, N. Y.
The Bertillon system briefly is to take
two photographs of a criminal, one a
front view and the other a side view, and
to take measurements showing his height,
length of reach, length of trunk, length
and width of head, and length of right
ear, left foot, left middle finger, and left
forearm. All marks on the face and
body are taken, color of the eyes and
hair, formation and length of nose and
other features.
.The resemblance between Brassington
and a photograph of Shear sent by Super
intendent Pierce of Boston is most smit
ing in every particular, even to the wear
ing of glasses and a photograph wruch
Btassington had in his possession would
without hesitation be accepted as that or
Shear.
The Bertillon system of ¦ identifying
criminals, which was introduced here by
Chsef Wittman lor the first time yeste -
day in the case of H. Brassington, who
was arrested Friday night by Detectives
McMahon, Wren and Dlnan, demonstrate
ed its etticacy. Brassington, who was ar
rested at the reauest of -the Denver
authorities on a charge of embezzlement,
was also suspected of being Leroy G.
Shear, a noted criminal with many
aliases, who. is wanted in Boston on a
charge of forgery. ...
Brassington Wanted in Den
ver to Answer Em
bfzzlement Charge.
Bertillon Rule Proves a
a Mistake Was
Made.
PRISONER NOT
FORGER SHEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JU^E 8, 1902.
21
jfroJIfoiiifay-HiraJ^ V - v : - • ' - ¦ ¦••¦ , ;/ . , Household Linens I
% $L5ONovels-$KO8 TtfwWI^ ~"A'Fi Specially Priced. . \
$ Six ofthc most popular nov el s of the day-' Hemmed NapVins-Half bleachof, .dice pat- $
1 pub hhed at |i.so-are offered by the big ''^^^SbPsKfcwP •— — •_ - H I Axt*/ - t « ns ' , 2OX2 J ° mch "» '^- &f OC £
J srore to-morrotv. each . . . . . $1.Q8 V'S^^ff^?^^ -i^O^l cal value, dozen . . . . *j> i m dZ& ,£
* '^Mississip^ Bubble" --Emerson $m^^J^ tfe f\J^JP>)' I^^ 3 3
J "Di^^ifeSSSkigJSiii 'TOW are corHially invited to : make, California's \^ v )jt> • l'^«*r-- • ,I&C J
* r^H^S^^n^i^^OTiitS ' f\y : M^~' largest and grandest shopping place a ; headr... :<LA X^m - luT^ y Red ' Dam:$k - Real^. oil p*'** ±^ n $
»» me leopard Spots —Thomas DicK- r,-> C ¦ j ¦ . ¦¦ . & - , . n . • ¦. . •- ¦ _¦ . „ .r, i ° /^ L « r> - VRSk \ \J\J^» wide, good, new patternj, yard j*>#*-^ "I
j^ •"••; son Jr. SKj> ¦ -quarters ard a ccnven:en:e. Ail Market-street C be Cars p«s; 3^ > l\ jyfj/} X
y - "None but the Brave"-Hamblen Sears. '• -.. : ; main — and thc tcrmina pbin's cf the Turk rnd'E idy - fe^, & ' : * : J
streets E ectric Lnesard the PcwelJ-sTcet Cab'e System are directly orposrc the \'tore. You. will find here luxuriously appo : nt.d Ladies* Parlors, with Lavatory, Emergency Hosp.tal and Children's
J° Nursery acjorning; an Infcimaticn Bureau, where fccur.-te Ircw'edge pi tie happenirgs cf the week, Rsi!r'oad ard Steamship T me Tib'es, Sne«tc?r Snvice, places of intsrest, etc.", can be obtained.! j»
t? Tnere is a'sa a Free Parcel Checking. Bureau,, Local ind Long Distance Telephones, Telegraph Stat pn. and Postcffi.e,. Restaurant, Barter Shop, Hi r.-Drcs3ing Parlors, etc. In feet the big store is £
2 -v- a city in itself, with" its nice acres of flocr.spacc and its thousand or more employes.;- It. is on: o l the si^htsof this" Wsst:rn Mtfopolis. r..,.;' - ;U
I IfteO/ie Great aiGO^ c^ io » s r Special Sale Camping Blankets i
*- : . ¦ ¦ : ' j^*$£?*Sk ** ¦¦-•¦¦¦¦ a '¦**¦'"¦* ¦¦""¦'¦¦¦ MousselinedB-Soies **+*„* * %* mm *
| '¦^^^^v ParaspS Saie and Unerty silks, and Bedding for Summer Use. : ;
ff ' § •^^T SHif $$3/T* r /T*if7?jy a Beginning-Monday and while quartity la ts dur- To-morrow r morning we cemmsnee a remark- -.. jf
«f J^K ito X** mBBVF B VSGSB a :irg \veek wj . wil closs cut a la ge suck of ' a b!e spcial sae of medium grade and fine ,, , ' *5
•f ' f/4 llNv '" '><!^ J/ ' O.' ccu-sc we alwayshavs Parasos on sale, the b st 50c and 75c 'qualitirs of. daintily cp - - C*mDin<»" B'ankcs ¦ Comforts Soreads etc WM^^^M'^//M//M////A X.
i JM l\ >"" \ and st as low mice or low-r th n thev ored Chiffohs.'Mou^line de ;Soi ei and Lib- m P ln g Bank ". Comtor.s, Spreads, etc., m/f^^S^/WmWX %
i mi 'ili^^- u u u , P / " ? «ty Silks at half price. The as- at pr cm . that not only commend them for x
l*° ¥i ? vT , «n be bought for anywnere; but for the sortrnent : nc ; udes light -^ hv:ndeTS> gree1 , out ng U5ts> but also, because of the'r superior WMZ^WmwMvA I
'*' M * V-O past three ) eirs we nave been fortunate in purp!e,.old rcse, red, ni!e and ce uc. ¦ qua"ity, (or heme purposes as we!!. WM/^ I WB&mwjtti -«
X rMMl \*'V v \J4T securing thc travelers' samp'es fom som: • . ,, - F ' C1 .. PI / . . , , . ,, W/Ml >'¦/ Mnff&W////W/y////\ x
5> I JjfFSt'iKv*., '«¦* \ v*^ T>^ r 1 , ,- , , «•»« m,mm m ., -. "~A rare ' Flaid BI nkets — In several colorings, 66 Y/ //W/ K^mid^Jl^SS^////////////\ m
' * lB8®8K^ lV#-<H^ g manufaCturCrs ' and havC an - SliSet IWlUSiO 15Cm inches w:d.-, fine enough for dreising robes, etc.; a J1.35 {/M^Mm^M^S'A •'
X SSW^ U nUal ' y g ' Ven a B g Par iS ° l Si!e> M ° nda y This . week the Musx Department offers an v " ue ? b^ inl h 5 Mon %- "' c P»«> F^r . Q O wiwM^WM^Mh *
ti "^^-^^^Z^J^^/^^^-fr-^^ e P ar£S °l a ' e -'or .1902 'b2- extra 'special in She. t Music. Ten popular, '. • • ' ••-• • %J901L?. /l^^ j^^^^/^^^^//\ X
! *' r— x^_ i^2ts-— 2^^^_3^^^^^3&S^it==i k' nsi - The ent're samp e line tuneful p'e;es tiat we retii! reguary at 25c 1-4 Siive- Gray Elanktts— Close wravr, heavy and solid, $r M'fvr i%\ \Wi °*
* i ?^ :J:::^ =^^^^S^^ lL at HaT Prices. If VO U miss (Polisher's pice 50c each), on 64 inch.s wide; z f Jjo^ value; be- ' [\ MA -^\ /Aiffl 5
H — c -^-~^ g^^ aSg *^'i Te^^^L ' 1 ¦ ¦"•¦•• • ; '. s a:< = beginning Monday, copv. . . lilt gin: 1 g Monday, sii= iff* 43 /fib 4& <¦' ¦'¦/.', //f/,//A WP'' — ; Av X f I YJ'£&'\ %
* /e^^^^^^^^^^^^^Ss ths c F portun:ty >nd buy » "Jennie Leef" r"ce, pair . . . . f a €M& l|f#»r \ M (M^Ptt *
j pmsoi later, ycu vvi 1 have to "Down Where Jhe^Cotton Blossoms fa taiforn|a B ' a nket S -Me- f&0&mW\- «
ii pay double: "When the Harvest Days Are Over." . dium g.'ay color, 5 ;b?. w ijht; a \ 1^ X
J $10.00 Black Chiffon Trimmed Paraso's. -......'............. $5.00 " Rip Jo» ky Ma "" 14-95 valu 5; begging Mon. ay, uc '§WM^ fflg^S^Sl \1a 5
!| S7.5O Back Ch-fFon Trimmed Paraso's .... $3.75 Mone." P"ce, pair ... . &Q QQ WwM\ /&^ ' 1
X 35.OO Black Chifr.n Turn rrei Parasos ....$2.OO "La Bouton March and Two-Step." G-iv Kl.rdie Blank«', B-st wool '"gflflW ¦ " Vf /i^t»->^^^* X
K $6.00 Colored Suk and Ch:ff.nPara E os., ;.;..;. ............ $ 3 .OO "Wh^^nV^ W^Knl^i^l M^^&^M^nMl W '^Jf S
J. 34-°° Co.ored Si k and Ch ffjn Paramo s, ..........*..... ...... $2iOO . Baby Why?" - $8.00 "v/ue, pair vfZ %9 V £J> *J> : V.;V'.^^ ~X
1 $3.00 B ack and Colored Piraso'sV. . . . . . . ... ..... . v . . . . . . ..:.$!, 50 <?«»««?-»* ;-.,«! C"^jT*» F' ne Comforter*— Ful sze, whit^ shs«t cotton filling, is dozen on'y at the gftnf ¦ f%0% "5
IS: $2.00 PamoY now. . $1.00 ParasoVnow . *• 5Qc ?%S , L « • «b price, «ch . ..,.'; ..... . . Zf>S.UU J
'K $I.?o Parasoh now T*? o O * "I CH S ailtl tJOVS Fine S Ikotin: Ccv:r;d Ccmfcrtrj— Corded edge, nicely tufted, each . . gt% 4 E- f> •
I — •••••••••••• •••' : ' ° Summsr Clothing. $1*50 f
* . • ..-"• ¦¦ . jrr* ¦M,n-«'«innn Extra Q"a!I:y Sanitary f illed ComfoKers— Finely cevsred, fancy quilting, *>*% Off "5
$ Another Chance io Buy 'Guar- ' *Q? vk^^t^ -iMM ' ' ' * *• &*"*& \
*f AM ITtoP "B *W" JTJF 4 jl —mm* \^i , Jus's for 57-4 '— — '¦ ' ; r~—- — — ,«•?
jf. anteed Biaok Taffeta at 78s. mMm Best Wash Goods Values |l
h We have secured another 10: of guarantred Back Taffeta, 'ess than 2000 | ><^.l\yVa*)\ ' and Serges, in th"s *&££ ¦' :^m OP ' ¦»•«-"' 'iw' • "5
If . yards this time, one ot the highest grade dress made, reing ab.o- ' /\ \\/V s.-ason's 1 a te s t CfJ#O^*4S?fl5r SO Far MmttS 'Year* %
I lutely pure dyed, having a b.autifur luster and guaranteed wearing qualities, I • \ \l Sgs InY wort Warm weather has arrived at hr, and you'll netd plenty of thin dresses. $
* an^ exceptional value at the regular _ retail price, $1. 10 per yard, —^ If 1 . h* mansh - ip , If you haven't b:cn in to Uk>k, you hive no idea hiw-diWp we sell thc high- $
$ which we will pace on sale, beginning Monday, at. ... £ &C I & : , • Ul all doubt the lig- c!ass wa^ fabrSc s; how little money it really takes for a pretty summer gown S
» ¦ — — _ {7 - ° ¦ J4s> !flf gest Ciothme lar- . . , , ,„,"'../ it. . . X.
* F ** -M B e*ff K " **-m X ~J i'T V gain we have ever »t oir icju ar pn es. Ar.d you 11 be positively amazed at the va ues which we X
JC &aie €^OtOreSt SiSeepSeSBnS 37Om \ \ jf\ \m off--«d I andanop^ have been enabled to secure through our Eist:rn effices for Monday's Sale. . J
% For pyrcgraphy burning and decorating-Ancther lot oi ' those 75 c Sheep- \kr\ F ES^bS cases Anderson's Gcnmnc Scotch Tissue Madras, 40 different styles, J
J skins, 800 in all, has jist been rcceiyed from the tanner's. A very fewof ' ' look if y<™ are'in snown for the. first ume since th:y leit their looms; a regular 25c value, and J
H the lot are slightly spotted . from tanning, but none of them are spotted J| ne:d of * bus 'n« s cr vjcat'oa suit. ch jicc at tha', at yard. - fS o m x
J enough to be noticeable when burned. Mcnday only, choice of o^my \\ R >menibcr th . e3: genuinc IO t0 Lot 2— The n;w 20c fancy Ribbon Stripe Batiste Novelties, in co'ored grounds J
£ a large asscrtmcot of colors for half price; each. .......... *$YO V.Vht^SL Of* JB ff% and also linen effects, about 60 styles; at a shade over half-price; yard ..//© X
* : \ - ¦• week at J5» M B^V'Up L'mn Batistes — Natural color, the much used and seiviceab'e fabric that should be at least 25c "2
$¦ California. SOUVenirS ;B '^ S< Wash . Sail0r 5uits 5'-79 — Ag-s «bwria O dGiVt:a<"loths-"He,vy't»il" i'*Tk3, for skirts and .uite, a noi Hnej and'nnusiS jf
£ s* * mm. * * mm.* mm. m 3 t0 »O years; fancy Psrcalrs, ., '•-; eood va'ue- vard '. 1Or'*% %
j At Department Store Prices. m^™, ;-Lin«, c^ an d £^< uln^nx^o^'^-iik^^^ '0: '. .' : :::::: : : : : . %% *
Jf Our S uvrnir Department is teeming with pretty and catchy novetes, The^u^ 0 are allV^and Tf Whit: O-gand e^—A'so all the F k : n coon, 31 inches w>Je, fine weav I; yard. . .. . 12%O *x
Jja characteristic of California. ' -Visitors will find assortment larger tian ; e'se- long, and *^ot a sut in^ru/lot ~ if—" ~ ' ~~Zm ~iF% ~~ ~jT~' '
jjt where, and all marked it Department Sto:e Prices. 5 is worth less than J2.50, many / . ">»v\ bEM B* USB MOM^ B*$2 a&3£m Hd* S3 ff*$3 & *¦& M '•
I*", Souvenir Posul Cards— Interesting views; dozen SHpSI GnntitS ot them morej te- . # ' , V,\ \ «-> rf ' +* m m— a - " «Jir "» ; > *
?w^||#^ii^Ily^|^f^ ? ¦'~'1??A wl ; U Extra Sale This Week.. %
«T Souvenir V_ew Books-Leatherette cov £ r; con- SouvenIrN|^^^^ •. ers, Nurse Rocker,, Porch Rocken, g
J , .tans 33 ha.f-tones of best views of San Fran- . 2BOp to !S Withfpnetii Pan s Sui ' s $ 4^ 5 /^^^'P^3vi /^^_Fii' i" H ft 81f|- Ratran Rockers, Bedroom Rocken, tome J
*f - Chc °.- '•¦• •* * * •. : --\- SOG e Souren-r' Ash"' Triys.^VShriner' emblem en —For young men /J • .V /Cj^^J. Ml ' 4 )! 3 - "Petered w th tUk, othew with relour., .X
X Souvinr Wild Flower Books — Spjcimens of 3SC handle" GStS t 3 t0 J 9 y ears or I ( f^ Jt"- // W II 1 tapestry and leather; samples of fifty differ- X
J Cali orniawt'd flowers. . . ... . 25o Kelp Navehiei-Made f.om the 's« Krlp that age, 5n p'ain blue VH^l^ \\ // ent styles; rockers regularly - f J
g California ¦O.ange- Wood Novelties-Hand-. grows in thi ocean,' Southern California- anl mix urcs, ths l././i ¦ \ r . \ll ' ¦ '/ sold for J 3. 00, now. . .. O §.& U #
% painted d«gns of the orange, poppy, pcimetta. B-skers . . 25c Mugs..'. . . 3Sc V*"Y *« }°^ \\t\ * ¦. ' . .1 : ; : I . . 9,'hers were ly.co, now . . $5.OO *
% and peppers— Match Holers . 35c Teapots. . . . SUC wl11 find " man X Hf I |/ . . \\ Goldm Oak HatracK— Size 2Ox68 J
5 t,- u- *i- »» 1. c r «^ Pitchers. ' . . store * at $ 6 : 00 - \ / \ / ; / ' ' ' U$f inches, has four hockj to hang hats and X
X Pincushions. . . 153 Match Safes . •25g Hand-Carved Mexican Leather Work— and $6.50; on spe- . H l' / I •^-___^-*- J l I fTV^? ccats, large space for" nmbreHat, and either -X
X l Cn ri "*"• If ' Ai 0 ""*" \. : - 2S C Coin Purses . : 25O Stamp Cases . '. 25C chl ""f Mjn " ' & -^ \ (V^^rTTl -RPK S&WU oval or diamond shaped mirror, formerly £
* i^T'-f/L 0 ""« B V«* • Cinch Be-tt.iJ^OO .Combination Pocket- <1 *y | * addurln 8 ' W Mi P g P ¥Kft5 $ S -5°i th* w.-ek. .. 4.L-I. %
i Na P kmRngs.25O ..25G^i3So Card Cases . $ 2 .OO hoiks .. $1.OO f^WM R if 8 B 8 UW$ ' '¦' ' ¦ ¦ ' $3.90 1
jf .Horn Toads, mounted Needle Cases. . 35C cigar Cases - Carved Combination Pocket- $4.65 y U ftftHiiJtMO=fc^ ' Solid OflK Chiflonier— Has 1 6x26 V S
5 t, '} r n 1 '. */r>. Xri both s.des. $2.5O be oks— Betergr.de -Bovs* Wais»s ani ' T! juses— A'l' the' leadine g^PH^^ . i^V inch French p!ate mirror, five spacious V jf
X H^n^«ar'^ 2^#^^^^^^*?^ 0 SSgpMiffijiFSS^iSiTS <CT. -_^_ drawers, b well -m^de and finished^with |
'* 7sl ? A1 iih «V kn «% S r'j ¦ .-.Wai.t.j new summer pattern, ... . ... \L ffl top, formerly J
jU 75C, $1.00, S1.5O, $2.5 J specimens of Calrorma wood . . . . QOo _ :.< -..,.-...... .5.. c 75c O5c Q^ ~~^\ /hd. h\ I II Sold for * lS *» thisweek. . %&B*+ m Z5 -^
|S $1m50 Gloves 38e w *«'« ana Boys' Hammock Values. vc^^^rrY^l and doub!e ° rave s ° et >™- ?
i >• - Znr~ * ' Slimmer FumishirgS. ' From cur ¦«*»««« of more than ioo ' styles \h ' SZ/ V - f I >«ly «old for 52.50; this _ # X
% Begmmng Monday. n*"^™ v f o ™n\* f^jS^^^^^iSK IL \l /// c week -^"B :, • vP 1m7s «
|" r^n A,, to fl M "w"Sm^a^ U -S; I i( &^€y H^ Screens, Three-Fold and Fiye-Fold^ 5
jj men > 8 Hi eh G-rmany- th- lates- W_ *6^ " ' These hammocks will be on sale at these //^jL>-^'^ /T^/ mC C ** et and " feet **
Jf grade, Latest nevrhie, in Eancy- Ho- IT' pnees during w.-ek. • ¦ 'X—^-" LU-^ ¦ high covered w.th silkoKne; one-third off J
X ' /? /^)Style Real sx y, in verbal stripes ' \\f Colored Cotton-Giuz: weave, with spreaders . reguhr pnee; now sold from. .84c Up
X /I /^(French Kid and and «mbroiieries, lace \jM^ZX w'- ' . ~ ' ' ' o ' ' ' ' " '• u" . . Wall PocKd Or NeWSDapCT HftHtT T ill — rirtTl-* j __ *rFf- ,. L iri , ,-j «J
« / / //I) c,,,j r , p f , , • , ti'rt^S^ Co.ored Cctton — Canvas weave, with spread;rs, , . . , " v , , . r /tet.^Jil , 3 J "l-lTil^ -*
{J jf / B* //i Suede Glov "i efcrts rnl drop stitch; ' / «/5« " so!»d . ojk frame, ¦" with . fancy colored "panel pic- «^ Y^^ > ;£^==^S^^ J 7i| L.W . #
»' X '>l'-tl VV/^ken from cur t neve • be ori sold in this l^^^S '.,' "''¦'•' C v:: j " '-ii' "'»' ,":" iO * M * tures; special Monday*and Tuesday . . . . . . SifC \\ A , iVl 1 J*
5 'Jh\i\ / X T" SUck; -y^'-than 5 oca Above w.th Spread, s, pU.owaaniva^e 7^ Carpe grade; \\ I J
I ## iBiiiftili 1 SS ;1 - -# Sr?f 7 » c wl 1
« fl Jk /\ 1 a te s t pattern ' Cttton— Canvas weave, w.th spreaders, Odd Borders of Best Body BruSiCS Carpet — i\_^__" * \« J*
* A IT /\ Paris point Men's Ou'ting'jhirtsi: A ,^^'V' P UI ° wand ™ hn « L' .¦•'.¦¦•>'> ¦$*' 5^ Lowell> and : Whittal's make; from ten to • forty yafd ••4ln====5===r-= J J|aL ]|
* Ml / stitching on la-ge and choue assert- V^^S^ Other styles m Jacquird design, up to , pieces; special th:s week, per yard ,....:.;. .6 OO ' ; .
« V/ *' backs; in such me ;t, in . twil.s, from v^^^ \ u° °S .' ' « t. Make- Up Rugs of Bo iy Brussels,^^ Velvet and Tapestry Carpets — In all sizes, . X
* -•* ¦.-..¦.¦•¦• much-in-toand 5LoroSfOO'/V • . Anchor Hammock Ropes-Very strong; per- a t following prices:' ; . . " C ' v «5
#T cp'orings as beaver, trown, black and oxb ood; in Macras and ChevV, . .. fcety sate; r caMly arjmted; per p al r 3x3 feet ............ .S5O 6x8. feet .......... $6,5O X
J gloves that rre perfect in ev.-ry particular, and $1.5 I tO $2.50 ." in flanneis . and ' ' ' " "' " ' ' 2t3 ° 2S ° 6x6 feet .....' . . . . ; $6.QU '¦ ¦ 6x9 -feet-.' .$7.50 5
« cannot be bought regularly^ anywhere, at less s 1 c* and woo', $2 5J ' #»l» • X » '" "" 8 feet 3 inches x iofest. ; . . .$1tf.5O * 8 tret 3 inches xia feet . . ..$12*50 "5
than 51.50 p« pair, on sale . Q *% _ -tfo. . . ..... ... $3.00 GitOtBeSt LlUUOrS. Genuine Wilton Rugs— Sz: 27x54 inches, in a variety of colors; ¦ . 5
X Monday and Tuesday . . J . '. <*JG»lr Mer.-s' 5urnrnfr. Balbrirgan Undfrwcar r -In Deeply Cllt PHceS, ' formerly so'd fbr $3:50 and I4.0V this week. . ...WJ.'-.I;.- ...... . . $2. GO J
|| OfClubBags. __ Boy ;- bv^^JS Al Z^^ lt l y 7 o T^^^ for the Children. Vacation Shoes. I
Jf Genuine Leather., . /AW I "»«,or good brown Hunter ye Whiskey— Lanahan's Baltmore A cam:ra, while a source of amustment aril A large ship- ." 4
Club Bags — /S^a^SSSs^ nW^^ j and flnsied t0 Rye, Mom ay, bottle . 97c innocent pleasure to children, inculot.s a ment of MUses* fc\ ' \
j» made in imita- y^f^^^^^^gjL /Q..K.5$ stand rough wear; per McMuIlen's Whiti Label Stout— The best in love of nature and instruct} in a useful art. and Children'* M\ j»
tion of wi!rui; ij^^f Jl/'ll 1 /' i" "1 ' ' ' 9<7#* the market > Monday, dozen . . . $1.95 The little Brownie Cameras imke perfect Shoes bought for lj ij|\ X
X finished w i t h I'liill K,|.j!\\ / ; : \ „ ' / " " .; . •^*'*» Bc«t Frerch Vermouth— 'Noi ly Prat, Monday, pictures. They are . not toys, but practical the vacation trade An Wy\ *5
{» nickel', catches Vl//HH^ Sft'oi • /. '¦' ' "\ V Sn "»-Made bottle .. .-..;......; ¦-.--. . . O little Cameras. ' •;'.,;,; have only just ar- Vf/>X «
J5 and nickel sid- 0 \ <\ d gC °. ¦ P"^ and Rcisling, Sauterni or Zin'andei— Al ex- No. i Brownie Cam:ra, only 80c rived. There are (Kl/| ClZ^ 5 * •*
'X ' ing lock; linen _ - IflFfYflTTt' III' / . ;., .A rna ras ,n a 'arge ya- tra d ; nncr w ; ncs " gj]^ ., ;, , # ./^Cq Finder Vor above 25c; films, 6 exposures two styles, txi kid .WUz* VJTsiff/ "5
lined and aca- ,: : f ; . ™T o^patern,, w.th r^-, Lime Juice- Imported, Monday, bottle • • ......... . . . . . . /5O and box calf, both ji|^/ g
jj . pacious pocket inside; Monday only, each . "V.' . uns tomatcn jj «* _ • . . . . .... ... . . . : • 43o No - a Brownie Camera, takes large pictures lace, and hare {§ JS?^^ 1 {»
J« .... •¦;. • ... • . . .$1,57, ft' BoO»''»nH 'iW^n-T H Ti El.c;Le<t:r Claret— Actuary worth double .-••¦. .... . . - - $1.6O heavy extension /U/\#' r \ «
Worth enrhalf m re. , I v.,^- r , , . tur prices; quarts, dozen, f2.75s"v\nia. Films, 6 exposures or abovi . .... . 2OC «o"« »nd spring I — '^**7 S
J . Fiber Dre-i Suit Cafes— Very light in weight; /U^;: WlCJliels ~ In pain dci . n . $1.65 To thoss more advanced in camera craft we heels— > \ _ I %
J '" as durable as sale leather; in pretty russet and ¦ . M. .. wn apd ..colored bor- ; _ . strongy recommend the C*nJu*y Cameras. S:za SX to n. 'fe^Tr-' X
V olive co'ors that look like leather. ' ,* M ocred; nice, soft bleach- .- t^Sgmmm £J^fc MAt* " : There are none better made. Before buying ' bought to ssJl at i / M
H 20-inch, f 4.00. 24-inth, f 4 . 5 o. . L. jj. -A ¦-'. • cctt0 ) n » tul1 15 _ B-MBMB0 B^QjMBBgy ; a large camera examine into the merits of Sr-40,onMon- jf
22-inch,, f 4.25... .26-inch, . " *—^±-~J sze; each . . . ¦ OO The latggt fjd ' Table Tgnnh of p inf ,p. nf ,_ these. Prices range frcm $8.80 to J36.CO. day and Tuesday . $1.23 *
£ Cenuir.e A'ligator' Cub Brgs— Full leather ; IMn n <|a V <fi a l A n f : played en an ordinary dinirgro^m ub'e,* with ' A' catalogue, giving full partica'arj, free on Szss 1 1^ ta 2, bought to sell at $ 1.75, on {J
j» > lined, brsss, lock and catches', strong hard e," 1 . " a ~*r u '~Jr^**f* 1 ® «** small tennis . taquets, celluloid , balls and appication. Monday and Tuesday; . . .'-. ..$1.38 5
5^ pocket inside, ar.d we guarantee thess the IHI I &jltQ m f3 2* &{]& d v'ding net; / put up an fancy leafherette : — " Boys' Canvas' Outing Shots— Drab color, X'
jf . lowest prkej for the qualities in the city: • GK*aCg*9*gg*G " bcxes. • Another fullshipment has just arrived. ; . W. I) TetitSm . ... made with gocd, solid leather soles— *
K 10-inch . .$3.OO 14-inch . .S4C, 25 U. < *- C ». * *** 0 Sen with Wooden Racquets— Ji.oo, J2.00, . #»«-.# O^^..^ O M f MM «. Sizes 12 to 2, pair ..$1.35 5
J n-inch . . $3 50" IS-'nch . . S4.5(» Lurci OH— Ctosse & Blackwel.'s, ' quarts, .• 3.00, J 5.0c, $7.50^* $10.00. . - " U ?P Xm S: Z es 2^ to 5, pair . ... . .&1.5U S
Jf . 3»75. 16-inch .. $4- 25 Monday/. .... /-..". . . S2c Sen with Vellum Racquits — $1.00, $2.00, If you arc going :,*'*„ "Little Gents* '* Tan Ca'f Lace Shots — X
*C 1 3 -inch . . $4,00 1 7-inch . '. $5 m UU St:yker's Sand ioap— Monday, 15 ban. tyfjO -. f^-S?. l3-oo. SS-OQi ,7-50 and J 10.00. camping, thu sea- •,''". < y' ; X^Sl^':S> ... New, style toe, welted extension sole*, low, jj
% 18-inch . . . $5,50 Corn — Best Western Sugar Corn, Monday, Ve-eered Wood Racquets— each 50c. son or nesd a 'new '/s!/// / / /i\ ' A .' common-sense heels, sizes 9 to 13, pair. . \
,J»'0-';V, : ¦ ¦ ' ' .' . ¦ d":n, ff ffcr 3 ¦«»« • • • • . . 23O English, P.o essional Woad Racqu:ts — each tent for any , pur- '!$&///// [R\-' ..$1.65 &
5 Svlon day 'Sale of ChoicJ A!aska s»imon— just.the thi rg t or $1.50. . :;>v . pose « wih pay &///// /iavK ¦ ¦ •• - , 5
X ivfg* gl tiff nine cam r*» a ndp:cnics;Mor.day, dozen, O2C,- Velum Racqutts^eachsoc,' 75", f 1. 00. you. to lcok at our j^.^.C'^j&^jf «i ./ M#^r • S
3« ¦ ¦ X«VP .3 tins. . v . . . . . -. ......; ..^^O Cellu'oidBals-per.d.zen,soc. - ' s,mp es and , get •'WEjNs^^/Zl • ' Handy Notions. X
Three numbrrs of heavy n t, choice Prunes- Ex:ra Santa Caras, 40- to 50 to the Englifh Regulation Balls-^each 10c. ' ourprices. Judge '."T"^., - - r >. Dresr Shields for shirt waists " 25o X
J pattern, new up-to-date Nottinghsm pound, Monday, 4 lbs . . -.¦ . .25c Engish Covered Professional Balls— each 15c. . o k the values that w ; offer for our quotaVons for H ose Supporters - Satin telt all colors 2Bo X
j- Curtains, on- saV in' D.-ap C ryDc- : * ¦.''.•¦ '" ''" '•••---•" - - . - ~" ' ~" th<se five sizes of Safety Pns- Assorted ues, 'book .'..'. 80 J
* partment to-morrow. " ¦ age, Monday, ; lk V <lfc. ., jflK 4 " ' : ' : \ * IS wal^' LachsVLeather Bela . 53c and 25o $
{[- 100 pair,, 3 yard, long, 30 inches wide, either f . V . . . /0C //) £/ * ¦ • ' I d B „^ n^ •'-•-''' 1^° 5
j ..-ecru or White, Monday, per pair : ' 3 8O Condensed M il k- /^¦'i, * JL ' L.- JL ~ - - ~ - 7*7^.$5.Q5. Cabjn.t H» Pin, -200 pns. . .'. . .«© J
<» 75 pairs, S4 inches wide, 3^ yard, long, Gail Borders E.gle w Sjfcf £> gF//T>Ms$$^ f^'/^V' M S S &&f *7*9 ?"* f 6 OO Shell Side ComJs-Pair . . . . . . 15o *
X heavy, usrful curtains, Monday, per pa:r.. . - Irand, Monday, tin %^ &£ It* Mf * f®ffXJ 71 Td yM^ySjTffif 9*9 f S^T^7 .^apes eac h. 25O X
•* . . .... . .- Si 23 I^n /m M W.^tI.1^ ffl fflt^F^/ ytr X^v^sj^rrf S vA ww Stock Collar Foundatnns— "Featherbone . . X
NEW MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, neat,
plain case, reduced to SI ST. -
CABINET GRAND UPRIGHTS. In ma-
hogany cases, ivory keys, wonderful value
at the new price of XlllJU.
, CAB J* E T GRAND UPRIGHTS. ;n
beautifully carved oak, walnut and ma-
hogany cases, mandolin attachment, re-
duced to J«? ITS-
T^FytH^ 381^ CABINET GRAND UP-
RiuHTS, possessing an unusually sweet
eclal values at $200. $245
SLIGHTLY USED' PIANOS.
Chfckerinjr, SliOO: A.B. Chase. $223:
Kimball. S23.". Beckstein..S11 5: Whit-
ney, SUM); Hinze. $17S: Chlckering
square, SJS3. and many others. •
PARLOR ORGANS.
Second-hand from $15 up.
KIMBALL & HAZELTON PIANOS.
These magnificent instruments are sold
by us in ever increasing numbers. They
cost a trifle more than other makes In the
beginning, but they repay their owners
richly, for the satisfaction of possessing a
Kimball or Hazelton is really beyond
price.
A number of used Kimballs are offered
very low this week, some of them practi-
cally as good as new.
Every prospective purchaser should ask
for a copy of our beautifully Illustrated
volume "Musical Herald," mailed free
Out-of-town purchasers should write at
the earliest opportunity.
No advance in price when easy terms of
payment are desired.
POMMER-EILERS
MUSIC COMPANY,
653 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite Lotta Fountain.)
.THE.. EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Jk. Ti'UTr/R.TTR'nTff'P'.TTTS
THE EMPORIUM.
| B.KATSCHINSKi E
H PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 8
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. 1
I LADIES' TAN LACE,
Sold Cheap.
J I Another chance for summer If
j] shoes. This will surely close the lotfi
j I out, so don't overlook this special II
I offer. LADIES' TAN VICI KID I
I LACE AND BUTTON SHOES, com II
II toes and tips. French 'or leather K
I heels. ALL MIXED TOGETHER H
1 and REDUCED TO gl.lO A f
lj PAIR. We have the following sizes: li
1 1 AA wide, 3 to ~Vi. C wide. 2% to 3 I J
j I A wide, 2Vt to 1. and 6% to 8. li
I B wide. 2Vi to 4',i D wide. 2% to 3 El
U &n4 <S to 8. and 0*4 to 8. [I
I*- 1 E wide. 2*i to 3 and 6% to 7%.
"We do not guarantee to fill coun-
try orders on sale shoes.
LADIES' WHITE !
CANVAS OXFORDS.
LADIES' WHITE CANVAS OX- I]
FORD TIES, coin toes, and tips. If
turned soles and French heels. If
sizes 3 to 7%. widths AA to E, RE- 1
DUCED TO 7oC A PAXR. M
] INFANTS* AND CHILDREN'S If
I TAN VICI KID LACE AND BUT- f
} I TON SHOES, tcrned soles and coin ft
1 1 toes and tips; big reduction In H
II price; widths C to E; infants' sizes g§
[J I 1 * to y*t, only 45c: child's sizes, ¦
|l VA to 8, with spring oeels, only 14
II ntjc- gggga it
0 MEN'S CANVAS OXFORDS I
I i The very latest style of MEN'S £
| CANVAS OXFORD TIES; two col- lj
(I ors. white or gray; coin toes and I
1 tips: REDUCED TO 81.25 A If
M PAIR; sizes 6 to 11, widths C to E. H
j! New illustrated catalogue JU3t I]
[I out. Send for one. U
I B. KATSCHINSKf, J
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
II JO THIRD STREET. ; ff
a £an Francisco. hPOPULAR ACTRESS AND ACTOR I
WHO WILL APPEAR AT THE
ALCAZAR MONDAY NIGHT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS is an ex
tremely buEy woman these days.
What with* rehearsals, dressmakers
and planning new productions fcr
her forthcoming season at the Al
cazar every minute of her time is taken
up.
Miss Roberts is in Jove with her profes-
Elon. She is a deep student and an Inde
fatigable worker. The thoroughness of
fcer productions is evidence of the care
and judgment she uses. Despite the fact
that she has all the trying duties that fall
to the lot of a successful artist, Miss
Roberts Is In splendid health. She looks
forward with pleasure to to-morrow
eight, when she will greet the audience
that attends the opening of her fifth sea
eon In San Francisco.
Miss Roberts has surrounded herself
with all the evidence of refinement. Her
apartments a^e filled with ornaments she
has gathered In her travels, and volumes
cf old plays and books of the present day
fill the bookcases. It is here ehe spends
her hours in studying the roles that have
won. her fame In her profession.
Five years ago Miss Roberts opened at
the Alcazar with her husband, Louis Mor
rison, but for four seasons she has starred
alone, with White Whlttlesey as leading
man.
On Monday night Miss Roberts opens
fa "Zaza," a play that David Belasco
wrote for Mrs. Leslie Carter. Compari
sons are odlons, but, nevertheless, those
who attend the performance given by
Miss Roberts and her company will surely
judge her acting by the artistic work of
the creator of the role.
" 'Zaza,' " said Miss Roberts enthusi
astically, "is a wonderful play. The lead
ing role gives one the opportunity to ex
press even" human emotion. It is a play
A recent report shows that 2599 Chris
tians were murdered In 1S01 by the Turks
In only sixty-one cases were the murder-'
ers punished, and .-then- with ; not more
than four years' imprisonment.' ;C-
that is very broad, and if Interpreted too
closely is apt to shock the refined sensi
bilities of your audience. I have found
that theater-goers of San Francisco are
not in favor of plays that are— what shall
we say— too broad. Had I played
as it was produced in New York it could
never have gone nine weeks in this city.
If I remember rightly, a play called "The
Turtle" was produced at a local play
house just one night and was cried down,
and yet the very same production- enjoyed
a two years* run in New York.
"My interpretation of 'Zaza' is some
what different from that of Mrs. Carter.
Of course we are of different tempera
ments. My presentation of the role is not
as broad. Those who have seen our pro
duction are very much pleased, and I
trust theater-goers of this city will take
the same view.
" 'Zaza' Is a most difficult role to play.
The wear and tear on my gowns, voice
and physique have been very great. I am
now having the third set of gowns made
for the part. I have regained my voice
and my general health is improved."
Miss Roberts is very much in love with
San Francisco. She thinks it a wonder
ful city and its people pleasure loving.
She is surprised that a city of its size
can support so many theaters and even
more surprised that they patronize the
opera throughout the year. She says no
other city in the Union compares with
San Francisco in the matter of taste for
the higher class of productions.
"What city would patronize Shakes
pearean plays?" she said. "In all the East
the old comedies do not draw at all. Dur
ing my last season 'The Taming of the
Shrew,' 'Romeo and Juliet* and 'The
School for Scandal' were my greatest
successes. This year I intend producing
'As You Like It.' Heretofore I have re
frained from playing Rosalind because of
my size, but I intend to throw height to
the winds and essay the role. Mr. Whlt
tlesey and I are familiar with the play
and take to the legitimate with ease be
cause of the experience we gained In
plays of that kind while with Mr. Morri
son, v' ¦• ;
"Among the new plays I Intend appear
ing In this season is one by Franklin
Fyles, critic on the New 1 York Sun and
collaborator with David Belasco in 'The
Girl I Left Behind Me.' It is called
'Druse Wayne' and is a problem play.
Another play I will appear In. is from
the pen of Steele Mackaye. It has not
been named as yet. I also intend produc
ing 'Miss Pendragon," one of the best
things that Miss Charlotte Thompson has
done. It was to have been a sequel to
•Silver Mounted Harness,' but we decided
against the plan."
Miss Roberts expresses regret that Mr.
Morrison would not be here. She said
this will be the first time he has been
absent from the city during her season. '
In White Whlttlesey Miss Roberts has a
leading man of ability. He not only can
act, but he has magnetism. Coupled with
these requisites Mr. Whlttlesey has a
stage presence. He Is tall and eymmetri
cally built. His voice is well modulated
and he delivers his Jines with grace and
perfect enunciation. Mr. Whittlesey has
acted as leading man for Miss Roberts for
many years. He has played roles of every
character and has won the approval of
the severest critics. He is very popular
with the theater-goers of this city and
curely will be accorded a warm welcome
to-night when he makes his ' appearance
on the Alcazar stage. He plays the- part
cf Bernard Dufrene.
Can it be true that the practice of the law in San Francisco is v so spectacular that it is
merely a preparation for a theatrical career?. .
If it be true that Edward VII is responsible for the liberal terms given the Boers, and for
the refusal to visit upon them the least humiliation, then .his reign begins with evidence' of states
manship that. promises well for his empire, and the:Boer cheers for their new King are justified "
The opposition to; Mr. Morgan's Atlantic steamship trust seems to fear that he may be able
to fence in that ocean, treat it as a mare clausum, and punish all intruders for trespass.
Miss Helen Gould is a _ credit to her country. She never appears in public except to do
something worthy, or receive credit that she has well earned. The University of New York has
just made her a Master of Letters, while the students approved by singing "For She's a Tolly
It will be well for English newspapers to omit talk about the '"surrender of Boer com
mandoes." The Boers do not surrender. They have made a treaty and are keeping it. To lay
down their arms is nornore a surrender to the British than like action by Kitchener's forces is a
surrender to De' Wet.
., Central America must be unstable territory. With Senator Hanna proving that Nicaragua
and Costa Rica are red hot with lava and ashes, and Senator Morgan countering with evidence
that Colombia is subject to earthquakes that make the land look like breakers on the Columbia
River bar, and to riots that equal those in the. Austrian Parliament, it looks as if the world's com
merce will have to cross the isthmus in flying machines.
A MAN in Berkeley killed a friend and neighbor who entered his house to protect a daugh
ter against his abuse. On his trial the plea of^nsanity, due to alcoholism, was entered,
and the jury found him insane and therefore " irresponsible at the moment of the homicide!
We believe the plea of temporary insanity at the moment of a homicide was first
made successfully on the trial of Daniel E. Sickles for the killing of Key. Since then that plea
has become common, but its validity has consisted in the cause of the temporary aberration being
beyond the control of the person affected. In this view it will be seen that the plea of the Berke
ley man differed from any. that had preceded it. His temporary insanity was ascribed to the use
of alcohol, but that use was voluntary. It had no origin exterior to himself and over which he
had no control. During his confinement in jail he was not permitted to use liquor, and this forced
abstention has continued during his confinement in the asylum for the insane. He now declares
himself of sound mind and proposes to ask the courts to sethim free' Is not his case one of vol
untary insanity? If, on being freed from the asylum, he again take to drink, being sane at the
time he does so/ and as a result 1 he again become insane and kill some one else, will it not
be clearly a case of voluntary insanity? : ; _ . '-'I \ .
If so, if he deliberately, while sane, indulge, in that which will make him insane, and if
while insane he commit a crime, is it just to society to acquit him on the plea of insanity?' At the
timeMie begins the indulgence that leads to insanity and crime, being sahe/he is morally respon
sible. Then why is he not morally and legally, responsible. for all that follows?
Surely the question raised is one of great importance and should .engage the attention of
courts and of lawyers skilled in medical jurisprudence, as well as of the expert alienists.
VOLUNTARY INSANITY.
Miss Genevleve Peters, the' Stockton
heiress, has returned home after spending
a little time In the city entertaining Miss
Barbara, who Is on© of the celebrated
beauties of Kentucky. Mlas Peters, too,
has many claims to beauty. 'She Is a
brunette with remarkable eyes and a
splendid figure. She is very clever, too.
As bofh young ladles are young and.
incidentally have stunning bank accounts
the men are quite excusable . for losing
their heads completely.
SALLY SHARP.
rived from the East In Ler private car
accompanied by Charles Templeton Crock
er, and dropped off at Burlingame. This
petite heiress attracts no end of admir
ation going about in her private car, and
although she is but 16, erery season will
swell her list of applicants for the posi
tion of social representative. She asserts
with girlish frankness she will not be long
in marrying when she becomes of aga
and it would not be surprising if she acted
with the same impulsiveness. . .'¦'':
Cal. glac fruit BOc per lb at Townsend**.*
Proses stuffed with apricots. Townsend's,*
Townsend's California glace fruit, BOc a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 633 Market
street, Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Ptcss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 220 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main lOtt, •
"You have broken my heart!" aha
sobbed. \ .
"Permit me." said the frowsy gentle
man who had slipped up unnoticed, "to
call your attention to this unrivaled ce
ment, which I am selling at the small
price of 10 cents per bottle. It is war
ranted to mend anything that ever—"
But the look she turned on him froa«
his language.— Indianapolis Press.
Th« Northern Pacific Hallway is tho best.
cheapest and quickest roots- From Lawlston
and Stitei, Idaao. there aro jrood wagon roads,
to e'th«r Warrens or Dixie, frcra which points
the trails Into this district art most accessible
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATEIJER.
G. A.. 647 Market st.. 5. V. -V--, •
PP Going to Thunder Mountain PP
Cooper Is said to have written "Th«
Spy*' in less than six months. Most of
his stories were founded on iegend3 well
known in his neighborhood.
CHARMING YOUNG , BRIDE
AND BELLE WHOSE EN
GAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED.
NO GIRL ever, received more good
wishes than has Miss Pearl Land
ers sir.ee her engagement to Harry
Scott was announced a few days
ago. Loads of dainty presents and
many devoted girl friends await her re
turn to the city. Meanwhile, many . love
thoughts" travel down to the new bride
elect at Burlingame, where she is the
guest of Mrs. Henry T. Scott, mother of
her nance. Miss Lander3 would have re
turned ere this but for a sprained liga
ment which rendered it advisable to re
main In the country until she could get
about comfortably.
No debutante of last winter was more
beloved than Pearl Landers. So constant
ly was she entertained that her popular
ity became a topic for dawlng-rooms and
the best conclusion reached was that her
gentle, loving personality and sympathet
ic thoughtf r .lness for others won her best
friends.
Nearly every debutante finds the ardor
of her coming-out season dampened by
cold blankets of criticism, and, with all
eyes upon her, becomes too" nervous to
have a genuinely • good time and looks
back longingly to the season past when
she went informally, to parties and danced
like mad. having "the tln.e of her life."
But Miss Landers has had nothing to re
gret from the first. Then to make things
more interesting Prince Charming appears
and life takes on a roseate hue.
As Miss Landers is still in her teens and
the groom effect but 22, It will be some
time before wedding bells are sounded.
' • ' • • . -.- ¦
Dr. Genthe has almost forsaken society
of late and all because he has taken up
horseback riding again. Riding was his
favorite "pastime while living abroad and
he has renewed. It with a zest born of
fondness for a new horse In particular.
He never misses a day. However, the en
thusiast is a splendid horseman and rides
well. The glrjs agree that he looks espe
cially distingue in his riding things.
I understand, too, that Dr. Genthe. bids
fair to turn into a full- fledged Jap as Mr.
Henry P. Bowie has done,- for he is learn
ing the language and is a connoisseur of
Japanese art, having 'collected a great
many pictures, prints and embroideries.
• -» •
Miss AngHn arrives to-day and will play
here but three weeks before returning to
New York to fill an engagement as lead
ing lady with John Drew. If Miss Angltn
is to be as eagerly sought after as usual
by those of the Burllngame set who en-
Joy clever people, she will have little tim«i
to spare. I believe the Casserlys arc
among her warmest friends. Miss Anglin
has arranged to tuck herself- away in &
flat while here. This is the way she lives
when in New York. Edith Huntlngton
called upon her while Bast and returned
with a glowing description of her apart
ments, in fact pronouncing them among
the most artistic sb« ever saw.
This reminds us that Miss Huntlngton
is very artistic herself. She adds a bow.
collar or belt to her toilette 'with a
Frenchy air more effective than a gowr.
raaker's. Miss Huntington's "den," too,
is strikingly artistic. There is a quiet
elegance about everything in the room
and many original touches. While In New
York City Miss Huntington picked up a
number of the oddest flat-looking lan
terns, which shed soft red and green
lights In the "den."
The girls who went up to Santa Rosa
for Pottle Ames' wedding to Sam Pond
say that she was a picture in her bridal
gown of white chiffon over peau de sola
with point lace.
. The -bride Is a decided brunette, pretty
stylish and graceful. Perhaps her chief
charm la her frankness. Her manners
are natural, simple and unaffected. As
an artist said of her recently: VShe is
not of the ready-made sort."
At Alice Masten'a wedding yesterday
the conspicuous absence of a bridal bower
teemed ah agreeable novelty. 6ne end of
the drawing-room > was banked in with
pink. larkspur and foliage, and this was
a plea«lng ; background for the weddlne
t arty Vi3 e home of the bride's «lster,
Mrs. William F. Perkins, is entirely new
and the wedding was its first scene of
festivity .When M. K. Masten died he
left each of his several children money
with which to build a home. AllcV. the
new Mrs. Spencer, was the. last to build
Her residence on Vallejo street, near
Steiher, is near) ng completion
T A^eek or ten days more-win find Mrs.
P" Si S ry^ « lo8lng ber residence to go
to HlgMandr Springs for six weeks with
her three children and mother, Mrs. Fei
ton, who is expected from Mazatlan Mex
ico: Was there ever a more devoted
mother than Mrs. Bryan? She has such a
good time taking- her children out that
the gayest s."grown up" social function
seems to pale in comparison, despite her
popularity .Yesterday aftefnooj Mrs."
m a large party of children to
see 'The Toymaker," and on Wednesday
she gives a Chutes party for her son.
¦ - >. • .¦ • ., • ... . :y
Miss Jennie Adelaide Crocker ' baa ax-
' .X X J HENthe revelations concerning the management of San Quentin were made, it was
\ l\ I at' once obvious that a duty was imposed upon the Prison Directors.
\f x\f .While there was some appearance of flinching on the part of that body, its
" conclusion apparently was reached and armounced by the president, Mr. Fitzgerald,
to the effect that an absent member would : etiirn ' on the 6th instant, and then the board would
proceed with -an investigation. We noted then the, use that accused, officers might make of this
delay, but accepted it as inevitable, and the people waited for the action of the Directors. We are
not informed whether the absent Director returned or not , but there is 'no sign of any preparation
for action. Meantime the Governor of the State has entered upon a private inquiry, behind closed
doors at the prison. / :
The public records which belong in the State offices at Sacramento, and' from which they
are not to be removed except by the order of a court, have been removed'aid taken to the prison
for the use of the Governor in his private inquiry, and citizens of the State, who have the right of
access to those records in the place of their legal custody, find that right" suspended and therefore
denied. If the Governor have the right to remove one record from one office, he has the right to
remove all recqrds from all offices; and if he can take, one record to any place that suits him, he
can take them all — to Los Angeles/ for; instance. If he can so remove one record and hold it during
his pleasure, he can remove and keep; all records, which implies his power to remove the capital
for executive purposes to any place that he- mayv choose. So much for the method chosen -by the
Governor te facilitate his private inquiry into these irregularities.
That inquiry is purely, ex parte. The people, and their representatives are denied access to
it, and have-no part in it. The Prison Directors are the representatives of the people in prison
management, and are responsible to the people.- The Directors are not present at the Governor's
' secret inquiry, and have no information concerning it.
What will be their position if the^Gcvernbr report that the management is virgin and un
stained? He has announced that the revelations, which he is investigating privately, affect him
: in his official and personal character sb seriously that he proposes to resort to the civil and crim
inal law to punish those who' are responsible for" them. Under these circumstances is he the
proper_person to make such an ex' parte inquiry, and report upon a case which he makes his own?
'The Governor is human, and he is also Governor. 'Would it not occur to any other^man in his
place that a vindicatory report upon himself, rendered by himself, after an ex parte investigation
of himself by himself,' will not vindicate him? The people see this distinctly. They see also the
peculiar position in which this proceeding places the Prison Directors, and they see also that the
Governor's strange action^ whether so intended by him or not, has the direct effect of preventing
a public investigation, or of so limiting it as to make it worthless.
The Governor's organs charge with great freedom, vituperation and recklessness that The
Call has an entirely personal mqtive in making these revelations. This charge has no foundation.
• We have no more personal motive than we had in exposing the acts of the ring which was manip
ulating the jute bag business of the prison a few years ago. That manipulation was an abuse of
which the farmers of the State were the victims. We proved our case, and it is not forgotten that a
manipulator in the interest of that ring, who did the work inside the prison, finally took flight and
his place of refuge has not been disclosed to' this day. The matter had been proven already, and
his flight was simply a confession. Our motive* then was not personal, nor is it now. If the reve
lations affect the Governor so seriously as he declares they do in his signed statement in the Ex
aminer, thai is his misfortune, but not our fault. * . •
The people want the prison management kept straight, and a newspaper neglects its duty if
it conceal;, crookedness of which it has knowledge. We believe the evidence-which we have secured
and published, and other evidence ;in/bur /possession which awaits publication. The matters which
the Governor is investigating 1 behind the door have been submitted by us to public judgment. His
very investigation is an admission of. the importance which he concedes to them. It would be a far
more becoming act- on Ulis part to/let others investigate publicly, so that the people may know
what is done. We are. not afraid of the people. /Why. should he be?
It is interesting to observe~that while his organs charge us with a personal motive, he and
they make no other reply in an entirely public matter than apersonal attack upon those who have
made it public. : ..
If there are any men in the State whom the Governor can trust and who will have the con
fidence of the people, we venture to" advise that he leave to them an investigation and report, after
an inquiry that is neither secret, nor ex parte, and that does not require a removal of public rec
ords from the place of their legal deposit and custody. The Governor has publicly announced
that he is the accused party, therefore in an investigation his pleading puts himself on trial, and in
such trial he has constituted himself judge, jury, prosecutor, attorney for the defense, and witness.
If any think that such a trial will settle anything, then who so thinks, thinks vainly.
A PRIVATE INQUIRY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNIT 8, 1902.
THE ;|^ r FR^(gISG(^^^^
JOHN D. SPhECKELS,' Proprietor. ; ~ Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
sundat .............;..;.:..... ;.;..;^ .......;..... :...june 8, 1902
Publication Office...... -. -<^ . '............ Market and Third S. F.
' •"•• ¦• v ¦• . ¦ ¦ . . .- -., • -:...., ¦
LOADS OF PRESENTS
AWAIT RETURN OF
MISS PEARL LANDERS
FLORENCE ROBERTS
TALKS ABOUT HER
NEW PRODUCTIONS
22
Makes, Skins Lighter. Clearer, Purer
! ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES
The clear, firm complexion of youth
Is "coaxed back" by Anita Cream.
Applied at night and removed In
*ne morning, thus Imparting the full
benefits of Its medicinal nature. Re-
moves Tan. Freckles, MuddJness.
Pimples, Moth and Liver Spots.
Directions with each jar. 50c of
druggists or of us, prepaid..
ANITA CREAM & TOILET C0MPANV>
\ Los Angeles, • Cal. V •
Warranted solid oak chtffonier,
having 5 rcomy drawers and
beveled. French plate mirror
12x20 inches. Price $8.50
Entire houses,, flats and hotels
furnished. Credit and free
delivery within ioo miles.
T. BRILLIANT j
.FURNITURE CO.
338-343 «>sr STRBBT.
Opposite Union" Square.LOS ANGELES, June 7. — Shipments of cit
rus fruits for th« season from Southern Cali
fornia to date have aggregated 15,351 cars, as
asainst 20,711 cars for the same time last year.
Catalepsy Ends in Insanity.
Mrs. H. Gillen was taken to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital last night and
will be examined to-day as to her sanity.
On Friday night sh© was received at tho
Harbor Hospital and It was supposed
that she had taken poison. Further in
vestigation of the case caused the doc
tors to conclude that she was suffering
from catalepsy. Throughout yesterday
she was delirious and became wild and
uncontrollable.
Special Policeman Joseph Glllen became
involved in a quarrel on Pacific street
early yesterday morning with a character
known as "Spot." They came to blows
and "Spot" gave the officer a thrashing.
After the affray Sergeant Christensen and
Policeman Holmes came upon the scene
of the encounter, whereupon oillen re
quested them to arrest "Spot." They re
fused, however, to do so, and told Gillen
to make the arrest himself, but he re
fused on the ground that he was afraid
to tackle the man again, and consequently
he lot him go. Christensen has mad© a
report of the affair to Captain Birdsall,
charging Gfllen with drunkenness while
on duty. The matter is also to come be
fore the next meeting of the Police Com
missioners. I Gillen is a brother of Captain
Gilien. who retired from the force about
a year ago.
Special Policeman in Trouble.
The members of Golden "West Lodge, I.
O. O. F.. celebrated its success by a ban
quet at the California Hotel last evening.
This function was made the occasion of a
reunion of the oldest members and latest
acquisitions of the lodge and proved 4
delightful treat to all present.
Perhaps the most pleasing of its feat-*
ures was the speech of Past Grand "W. A.
S. Nicholson in answering the toast. "The
Present of Golden West Lodge," although
Messrs. Knight, Rountree, Whitney and
Leonard contributed largely to the suc
cess of the evening.
Toastmaster Whitney was In his hap
piest vein and to him may be ascribed
many of the outbursts of laugrhter.
Out of a membership of 130 eighty-flva
were in attendance, which was a very
creditable showing, considering the many
who are absent from the city.
Banquet at the Cali
fornia.
Members of Golden. West Enjoy a
ODD FEIXOWS CELEBRATE
jA LODGE ANNIVERSARY
thing but a pleasure trip. "We were often
in the water, and more than once had to
swim for our lives.
"Of conditions at Nome I may say that
trade is dull. There had been a big rush
to the Golovin Bay district for some time
prior to my departure from Nome. Four
and six-horse teams could be seen haul
ing mining machinery from Nome. There
is no question about the richness of the
Golovin Bay camp. ¦
"The title to rich No. 19 on Ophlr Creek
of that district has been vested In -the
Wild Goose Mining Company, according
to a recent decision of Judge "Wicker
sham. A negro woman named "Walton
claimed the property."
Mrs. Denver, the hostess, fulfilled her
mission with grace and closed the exer
cises with a delicious collation, sending
every one home with pleasant memories of
the occasion.
Colonel and Mrs. Frank H. Blackman of
Detroit, Mich., announce the engagement
of their daughter, Maude Ida, to Herman
D. Hadenfeldt of San Francisco. Miss
Blackmail ls'a brunette, tall and slender.
She is an only child, . and besides her
many accomplishments in music, painting
and the fine arts generally she has trav
eled extensively, and has a host of friends
in the exclusive set in this city.
Mr, Hadenfeldt, who Is on* of the most
popular young club ™*en In San Francisco,
Is interested with *hl3 father : in. the big
wholesale jewelry nrm of Rothschild «&
Hadenfeldt. The date of the weddiny has
not yet been fixed. '. . • \
; -The Fay family, hay© moved for the
summer months to their country place,
"Montedto," Ross Valley, if
more, Mrs.- N.C Wheat, Mrs. Heineman
and daughter, Mrs. White of. San Jose,
Mrs. .Miller, -Mrs. Hilliard, Rev. R. C.
Foute. Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger, H.
C. Osment, W. H. Ware, W. B. Eastin,
Crittenden Van Wyck, George B. Hilliard.
SEATTLE, June 7.— Nome news and
mall advices to April 5 were brought to
Seattle to-day by L. L. Bales, the well
known Alaska guide and trapper. He
made the trip overland, and that he
reached "sa.lt water at all is to be mar
veled at. He was nearly starved; he was
thrown headlong: into the rushing waters
of Nushagak River; he lost everything
except tho mail. ,
" % On April 5 I set out for Seattle." said
B&tes to-day. "1 left Nome ,wlth fifty
pounds of letters, newspapers and express
matter. My outfit consisted of an eight
dog team and, the usual amount of bed
ding and supplies required for such a trip.
It was at'the 'Malchatna, a few miles
above its junction with the Tick Chuck,
that I struck the first open water. There
I had to abandon my dog team. On tho
Malchatna I. overtook James Hibbcrd,
one of the Trans- Alaska Company's mail
carriers, bound from the Yukon for IU1
amna. • •
"Finding dog-team travel impossible,
owing to the open water, we built a raft
and started down the Nushagak. We
found the descent of the river particularly
hazardous, owing to logs and ice. We were
capsized, losing all of our outfit except
the mall. With our food gone, we had to
subsist on wild cranberries. until we float
ed down to the Pacific Packing and Navi
gation Company's cannery, where, on
May 30, we boarded the steamer Okano
gan. The descent, of Nushagak was any-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Guide Loses Everything
but His Life and the
Poucbes.
DARING JOURNEY
WITH NOME MAIL
AT a pretty home wadding yester-:
day at noon Miss Alice Masten,
daughter of the late N. K. Mas
ten, b'ecame the. bride of William
L. Spencer. The new home of
Mrs. William F. Perkins,, a sister. of the
brlde, at 3530 Washington street, was the
scene of the nuptials.' Seventy guests
were present to witnesisstheceremony and
participate in the festivities. . Rev. Wil
liam Bours "officiated.- The bride was at
tended by Miss Isabel Kendal, maid of
honor, and four bridesmaids. Miss Maye
Colbourn, Miss Ardella Mills, Miss Ursula
Stone and Miss Isabel Hooper. Joseph
Masten, a brother of the bridei gave her
away. Frank Muchmore- acted as best
man.
The bride was handsomely gowned In
white louisirie crepe, appllqued with white
silk lace. Xiace motives were also ap
pliqued upon the trailing skirt and bodice.
The yoke was of transparent lace. A
long sash completed the gown. The bridal
veil was held in place with orange blos
soms. The 'bride carried a shower bou
quet of lilies of the valley and bride
roses. The maid of honor wore an elab
orate pink gown and hat of tho same
color. Her bouquet. was of sweet peas.
The bridesmaids were gowned in white
organdie and pink tulle and wore large
picture hats. They carried sweet peas.
Mr. and Mrs. Spencer will return from
their wedding trip in a couple of weeks
and will reside on Vallejo street.
The reception on June 3 by the Jefferson
Davis Chapter, United Daughters of the
Confederacy, will long be remembered as
the. first outward expression of rejoicing
over the birthday of the late president of
the Confederacy. Invitations of tasteful
design were distributed among friends of
the chapter and twice therr number could
have been disposed of to advantage. The
exercises took place at the Bella Vista,
which was decorated in honor of th.e oc
casion, and booklets were freely distrib
uted containing the constitution and by»
laws of the chapter, demonstrating tho
memorial and charitable work being ac
complished. A reception committee of tiie
chapter received the guests in old South
ern style, and not a thought but that of
pleasure and enjoyment pervaded a mind
of a guest. Rev. R. C. Foute. chaplain
of the chapter, used a gavel mad« from
the balustrade of Jefferson Davis' home
in Richmond and, opened the proceedings
with p.rayer. Following came Rabbi Voor
sanger in one of hla most felicitous
moods, carrying his hearers to Texas: and
reciting to tliem the wondrous Improve
ments a few years had .wrought in the
sunny South. He said he loved California
but could never give up his allegiance tu
the home of his adoption, the "Lone Star
State." It fellto H. C. Osment to do
honor to the name of him whose birthdav
was being celebrated. His oration' was
well tuned to reach the innermost- recesa
of the Southern heart and present to
them the man as he was, not as he has
been described. His Mexican record was
painted in glowing colors, as was hla
services as statesman, patriot and soldier
The ballroom of the Bella Vista was
crowded.
Among those present were: Mi«s Lanm
Van Wyck, Miss White of San Jose Ml«
Tellula Le Conte. Miss Virginia Thorn
ton, Sallle Dalngerfleld, Mlsa Brown Miss
Bradley of Alameda, Miss May Turner of
England, Miss C. Hay. Mrs. Julian Ie
Conte, Mrs. Lemare of Berkeley Mrs
Bradley of Alameda, Mrs. Harris of Oak
land, Mrs. Comstock, Mrs. Smith Mrs
Brown, Mrs.- McMullln. Mrs. Dr. 'Parra-
SOCIETY GIRL WHO TESTER
DAY BECAME THE BRIDE OF
W. L. SPENCER.
The Calaveras Record reports that a
rich strike of rock has been made In the
Oriole mine. Sinking is going on at the
Altaville mine and the shaft has reached
the depth of 400 feet. The Sultana mine
Is putting In an air compressor. The An
gels mill will soon be running with elec
tric power.
SOME NOBTHEBN MINES.
' The Weaverville Journal sa3 r s that the
Gold Dollar hydraulic mine on Canyon
Creek, about six miles above Junction
City, is paying well, although greatly
handicapped by lack of water.
According to the Redding Searchlight
a new twenty-stamp mill will be added
to the plant of the Greenback mine on
Grave Creek.
According to the Amador Ledger the
lone Gold Mining and Milling Company
has secured a bond on the' Nugget mine
property at Mount Echo and will do con
siderable exploiting. Additions have been
made to the plant. The company is com
posed principally of Seattle parties.
¦ The Tuolumne Independent says that an
$S0O pocket was taken out of the O'Hara
mine by the O'Hara brothers, at Browns
Flat. The River mine, five mile3 north
from Groveland, has been deeded to Syl
vester Carlon by James M. Sullivan and
F. J. Brandt. The property adjoins the
Telegraph Line mine. A half interest 4n
the Jersey Blue and Vulcan quartz mines
has been purchased by John Vargas from
James Dunn of Carters. The property is
on the north fork of the Tuolumne River,
near its junction with Hunter Creek.
Felix Chappellet Jr. has bought the
La Preciosa mining claim from • Ar
thur B. Cruickshank and John Frace.
It is situated on the Hogsback
Ridge. ¦ between Big ¦ Creek and
the Tuolumne River. A. M. Squires of
Los Angel«8 is opening a collection of
mining properties en Red Gulch. Work is
raniaiy progressing for the reopening of
tire Confidence mine, which has been shut
down for many years. The New Era says
that R. B. Lane will resume work on the
Riverside mine. The Lady Washington
mine may be worked In connection with
the- New Albany mine.
there It will, no doubt, be able to do at many
places on the desert mining region, where
water for sluicing cannot be had.
OLD EL DORADO
SHOWS UP WELL
Aubury Descants About
Its Rich Resources
in Minerals.
The preat mother lode enters the county on
the south, near the village of Nashville and
extends east of north to Weber Creek; thence
west of north to the Middle Fork of the Ameri
can River, a distance of thirty miles, or en
tirely across the county, upon which a number
of mines have been, and are now, being profit
ably operated, some of which have reached a
depth of over 1200 feet." The "East Belt," ex
tending from the Cosumaes River, north
In a register of the mines and minerals
of Ei Dorado County, State Mineralogist
Anbury calls attention to several Interest
ing facts, lie first mentions that here "it
was that gold was first discovered in Cali
fornia by James W. Marshall In 1S«. In
(be course of the review the statement is
made that when the channels of this
county are opened upon a scale . commen-.
feurcte to their size and value they wilt
sti-r.d second to none in the production of
gold. The slate quarries of El Dorado
County are the only ones within reach of
railroad transportation in the State.
There are splendid possibilities for the de
velopment of cheap and efficient motive
powf r. The county has numerous de
posits of high grade copper ore. The de
posits of limestone are extensive and
valuable and marble is also found. As- i
bestos is found in several places. A part
of the review made by the State Mineralo
gist is as follows:
through Grizzly Flat, has many mines that
have been and are now producers. The "West
Belt" also contains . many mines that have
been successfully worked, and others are now
being auspiciously developed.
The ancient channel gravel systems "of El
Dorado County are very extensive, consisting
of at least three burled lava-capped channels
extending practically across the county In a
northerly and southerly direction. El Dorado
County is not a place where wealth and treas
ure can be obtained without effort, but It does
offer as fine opportunities as any mountain sec
tion in California for - unremitting industry,
backed by capital, to earn a fitting reward. • In
brief, the. rich and varied resources of- this
county offer unusual inducements to enterprise
and capital, and in addition to the regular re
turns upon the investment, there should be an
increase of -value consequent upon development.
In connection, with the register. of El
Dorado County are published maps show
ing the location of every known mineral
deposit in the limits of the county, also
lists of mills and arastras. The mines are
numbered In a table so that they are
easily located on the map. . " ,-
SEAB^CHHSTG TOE PLACERS. =
Not since the early days of placer min
ing 1 In California, so says the Los Angeles
Times, has there been such an active
search for placer mining: ground as there
Is now. The Times says:
"tte commonly accepted belief has been ftjat
it -would be only a waste of time to try and
get sold out of the gravel and earth by the
dry washing process, so that where water for
sluicing was not obtainable the average mining
man has been content to admit the existence
of gold in dry placer regions, but has utterly
refused, to make any effort to work the gravel
or earth by the dry process. 'But, 'as in the case
of quartz mining and hydraulic mining,- so also
in placer mining, have improved methods been
found, and difficulties hitherto looked upon as
Insurmountable are being overcome, with the
result, as stated, that placer ground Is now in
good demand all over the Pacific Coast. At the
placers discovered some, three months ago near
Dos Cabezas, in Cochise County; Ariz., a dry
washing plant, known as the Feltner (New
York) process Is going to be- erected. The ma
chine Is In the nature of an experiment, but
It will be tried at Dos Cabezas on a large ecale,
and should its mechanism bo capable of demon
strating Its ability to extract the fine gold from
the earth. It will be the means of- converting
a very large area of placer ground Into valu
able property, and what it may be able to do
MISS MASTEN
IS WEDDED TO
W. L. SPENCER
23
THE SAK IFRAyGISCO CALL, -SUNDAY,:' JTII^E 8, 1902.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UUCHArtA^ BROS.,
tr uih Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
DDTTCUI7O F0R BARBERS. BAK-
-DriU^njuO eTS - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannen.
<l>ers. flourmllla. foundries, laundries, paper,
fcanpere, printers, painters, ' shoe factories,
ttablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailor*, etc.
£W0NQ WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND KERB
SANITARIUM.
764-66 Clay St, S. F. f Cal.
A LL. DISEASES CURED
*"» exclusively by Chinese
berbs, over 3000 varieties beinc u*ed. Hours,
8:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 2 to 3 p. m.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
Is a specific remedy for aiiments
of the stomach, liver and boweis,
and is backed-by hundreds of
voluntary testimonials. We
would therefore urge every suf-
ferer from Indigestion, Dyspep-
sia, Flatulency, Constipation,
Headache or Liver and Kidney
Trouble to try it. It will cure
you. , For sale by druggists, with
our Private Stamp over the neck
of the bottle. Avoid substitutes.
|BEBBBEHBEBBHaHHHHHBHBHHHBBBBBBBBHHBHHBEEBffl0SIHHBBBBHa«nBHHHBHHHHaHa
J BlliS Payable '"Need the Money," I
S d^OP ar /\4 r \/ r \^rkiT^ circumstances? What would any in- S
I i%H S I ii II 1 i ii 1 telligent person do? Just as we are 1
H M>tuvJ?^W/\/o\/\/ doing we will warrant, viz: Sacrifice ¦¦
i^...-. ¦ profits for quick cash sales. We must o
0 This is it in a nutshell. We bough: raise, this money in the next few days I
g i 8^,000 worth of Furniture for our new . S
1 store in Oakland. Store will not be > s\ ra
h completed until late in Auzust. Th-se Carpets |
g goods must be paid for, however, at >rfr h ~ . |
g or.ee. What would you do under the , W^ / \ Draperies 'i
G ¦ r a • imlr^ J - ' ¦ I \ C tiff rilfl^ BB
§ Upholstered Goods \ \ Ulta " l2> m
g Parlor Sets r \ m
a Bedroom Sets 7 \ Sacrificed I
1 FancyRockers C?v/ THE / \ at about |
g Cdd Pieces f\ / \ r-^ »
S Side Boards / \ SCALE L^r^rrrnX Hln §
S Chairs / \ /ti\2^§ m
S Dining Tables / \ MUST BALANCE :^^^> - |
a Desks / \ — -,^^^^ 00 tiie Dollar I
I Money ;^g^fVi6ney- Raising Safe f
i Raising .-'^v.:. .win dp^^uiFariiitiirert I
i Prices 50c to 60c on the Dollar 1
g Our Loss Is the Public's Opportunity. g
g | "Money-Raising Sale." I PA TT CIS IF 1^1 S F "Money-Raising Sale." | 1
S Sixteenth mi Mission Sts. THE furniture HOUSE. Sixteenth and Mission Sts. I
B ' ~ ¦•-.:-.' ..." " . •' SI
BEBBBBBBHBBBOBBBBBBBBngBHHHnHBHBBBBHBgBHBBB8aBBBgBaBHBBBgaH3EBi3iaaBEffla
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IABRAMAM 'LINCOLN |
: ..' ; . : '¦- -.¦-¦*¦' ¦¦ - : " ¦ ¦-"""-'*. The martyred President, when about to leave his old home, after attaining \
_ " the highest honors of a great nation, closed an address with these words:
I J$^% "NEIGHBORS, GIVE YOUR BOYS A CHANCE." P
H l$y& h These arc days of exacting competition ; days when moral courage and ~
I Jfjirfr, mi. ujiffl brain power count; days wherein there can only be a survival of ths men who
H ffKwjaC^r ygp are mentally and physically the fittest.
H N^ilc* **Zl£w Fathers, qualify you boys for the battle they must wage in the world's
H ' ' ¦^ffi^?T*?7l great arena. The day must come when the chairs will be empty by your flre-
m ' j^^^^0 side, and they Will be out struggling alone in the -world, vdth only their merit
H 1^wM\s^^^^^^^ You, mothers, know the pride you have in your son. You know that
H wP| s|l|B$i|fi^ \\ deep down in your hearts there is a well of tenderness and love for even the *
H w I l^"i erring one You Know, all the world does, that his success is heaven to you,
II V™!"' •¦' -. '""'.,'.'""*"""" '.} and his failure a heartache keener. than even his own. What, then, should you
H do? "in the words of t incoln, 'rGive the boy a chance." Aye, the girls, too. -
I Givi them an education that will fit them to cope with the best. If they have jg^t^e^f
| been to college, don't let their education stop there. If they have not enjoyed the e^^^p^^C
1 advantages of good education, encourage them now. They may be smart natur- f jn^J.*^:7j[i A$
|| ally, but if they have nothing but their natural talents to help them there -jggg—E—gv-^ W$
I will surely come a time, just as they are mounting highest, when this -J^:J~ 2^IZZJf, \ '* /i/yw H
1 1 lack of education will handicap them grievously. jEt1k^~>J) < \ iW 'y . I]
|| The time to remedy this is the present. In the magnificent Jm f^^^ s^ m ~t . ' r [ / -1 {"I A
I b edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica now offered you will .JC^-.^^' r ;\£ '¦ * lf:Myy / M
!| have a library fully equal to any in the land. There is no field / \ : ff fflSy ll
j &| in the world, of either mental or physical activity, which V#l|Sj5fe5J '¦" "~ "^ I'tfVA VJ? M
jg it dees hot cover. It is the best result of the critical la- gJ^^?k^^z-_ ,^< N
I 1 bor of the test scholars, a compilation of history, the 'f^^^^^S-'-"~W\ }. "' '* * : \ '' f tt\ I
U story of the achievement of years. It is an educa- - fi^^TT"~ -''"'A Hi t\'\ f f \ I
i It costs but little. One dime a day put >e=J^pJpM^_._ J*3^£ L | §
H away will serure it One cigar less a day, . JtSuSSjim^' - 7'^k '/'&'$¦'''• I *ff W S IL f
|j one little deprivation that will sava a dime, 'I^^^^^~3Z~ 'A%''ttfj / */j., \
I and you have a treasure that will prove 5^ "' ''j «a % 4 J \ \t f :' Q\y- Brl - cs Tou [|
El both a pleasure and a lasting benefit. IJ - ? vg yflf, /1-fi "W k si-voi set of \\
B Can you afford to miss it? There ¦^l^^^^^ m^^Z=^^ -ffl J. w !/ $ i &T I M
I is no further excuse for not '^^^^^^^^^^^^Jr^l^ *jy'% THE NEW d
H library. Take advantage fiiiiiiT^^mm^^r" m *'pZz%> vyJ. %tj <*A %. •* 20TH CENTURY •]
H H^S^^ M?ieeiTr/» i^^^^^^ll I Jy W? jFMW this coupon to- Ssitl^aA^le^wmfen^nd signed by spe- t]
m MlilliMSg iilflSSITe I //l\ J^S jff MW ,¦ . ctalists. cr 142 per volume. H
I eS)^HKfw^ 2t r::;;rr: pa^yrf I
I HsBiil Weight MW'm/Ml jm :^v un ' pas °4 n !i r m S trat p io a nr' conta!nlns I 1
II ' ClffNiPSiipvil fi \nffi'%We&Jjrw$'ffl Q 6T5 maps and plans, including 237 colored jj
H tlfllllwilli '^** n Jff %$$/ / 6— 8— 02. "jfearly 12, cro illustrations, exclusive o£ \
h 1 «3w« 1 !' $ffl / Association j - An extensi °, n of th< ? ° r , isin o al t^ tlc j^,n I t : -
¦ *^^^* a^^*^^^^ WjjEBr / FKANCISCO, CAL.. ingfrepi the differentiation ot "new depart-
H ¦•;'•.•'« •} - *»»««.• ments of sciences (as Ecology. Sense Or-
¦ wwr. . - _ ?Z*'f.l " V—G -pi-BBp «end me free of charge gans. etc.1. or from discovery and invention II
H What IS Said 6f It I MtSTefpa^ uSd full particulars Ta 3 Tesla- Oscillator. Argon. Roentgen g
1 uiJLT. IU0 ' "• 'oryU Encyclopedia offer. enlargement to ,nclude
M 1 Will aery anyone tO buy 3000 - ---< eminent living persona and the hundreds . H
9 VOltimeS that Will give him as eOOd M^ma- - A'part'cufar'su^e? of S Ameri^n Inter- fj
¦ a working library as is furnished "AL x &^&it$&£H2S& 1
H in the ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITAN- Street * . • • • as in the treatment of Electricity, Morph- II
I NICA alone:" -Ex -President -Illustration* over 1300 la I
H * *'"i8'' ll » * n *° university. ¦ l own ..•••»••••• •••••••••••• »t*._. r-..;^« ?#« ciretamattx 'Om»A i
¦ . . The Guide to systematic xcao. a
H ... M .. • .: . « i.ri UOUIjty ...... ......••• Subdivides the whole work Into depart- j
» "If all Other bOOkS Were de- ments In accordance with the different oc-
¦ . M , ¦-,,«;. . ~ . cupatlons of all the peoples (outlining 73
I Stroyed, the Bible excepted, the State different courses of reading), and points out
¦ > ..... ¦ the things you may want to know or ought ;
¦ WOrid WOUld lose but little Of itS » oriDCnil to know about your business or profession.
|l ' €zCk I ,1 . BUKtirtU. Furthermore. It makes systematic readins
3 information"— Spurgeon. Q ,, O along any line practical.
JBmm-—t
and enjoy the comforts JBplp
of a well-^ppoirvted < || I
Koine &o\d thecoi\- . W |>
veniervces oF a. Fashion- ~ ~
able Club W ICi tK Ticket Offtce
j+ 64-1-Mekrketst-.
Chi:ca5?b in three days
tNOT A DOLLAR TO BE PAID ~~ I
UNTIL A CURE IS EFFECTED. I
I DR. TALCOTT & CO., I
I 1140 Market Street, Opposite Hale's. 1
SPECIALISTS for MEN EXCLUSIVELY- 1
Many Men Treated for a Weakness Which Neyer Existei |
In the largest proportion of cases Lost Vitality, Prematurenees and the train r of symptoms known as "weak- ll
nets, certain morbid conditions of the urethra, and projtate gland, damaged by contracted disorder, or too-often-re- 1 1
peawd and too-lonE-continued excitement, so react on the organs that a condition of. diminished vitality and function H
is Induced. Our knowledge of the morbid chances in the organs themselves is quite clear and full, but how these W
changes operate on the nerves and spinal cord center are mysteries to the medical profession. Whatever the morbid I J
change may be, however, the effects are apparent to the embarrassed sufferer; these troubles being symptomatio'of H
the above-mentioned and well-deflned morbid conditions. It seems that even the unprofessional patient must under- M
stand that etomach drugging will not cure, but -effort* directed toward repairing the damaged tract will restore. In m
practice such Is the case, as the treatment on these lines never fails to accomplish the desired result. Colored El
chart «ent oa application. ..-.•> „ ¦ . S
Oar Colored Chart, interesting for study of Anatomy of the Male, sent sealed on request. M
_. ¦ ~~~' _ ZI i ' : : ~ ~~ : • : : \ : >
« has a prof essional \
S frame fitter v to keep fl
j your glasses in shape H
fl at absolutely no charge h
%? 64 2^Market St. W
H Pure Mocha and . Jfevau- fi
@ 5 pound can Si. 19 |?;J
H V/hole, roasted, or ground | !
taj Co/fees blended to suit your l^ste [3
Kf Quality m^kes the price \A
1 KONA KOFFEE KOMPANY i
P| 145 Stockton St jnea^r Ge^ry p|
pf -v Obj^City of P»>-»j DryGooda Ca- . |T|
19 ' Phone_5usH 51O -^ fjPOISONED BY "BROOM JCICE."— George
Allman, residing at 15 Cleveland street, was
treated at the Emerg'-ncy Hospital yesterday
for "Scotch broom" pr.lson. Allman was ln
fcnr.cd oy a friend thsr the broom juice would
cure him of many ailments, but <n»tpgrj he had
a narrow escape from death-
All of the local camps of the Woodmen
of the World will meet in the Alhambra
Theater this afternoon for the purpose of
holding memorial services in memory of
neighbors of the order who passed away
during the last twelve months. The com
mittee of arrangements has. prepared an
excellent order of exercises, which ¦will
Include an oration and an address suited
to the occasion by D. A. Ryan and Merton
C. Alien, respectively.
Woodmen's Memorial Service.
Any number of the June brides are planning
to ?o to Hotel Vendome. San Jose, for their
wedding journey. There are lovely . drives all
about, and sl.adod canyons where Gladys and
Oorsje can talk sweet nothings to each other
all day long-. •
June Honeymoons.
Y. M. C. A. Fund Rapidly Growing.
The canvassing committee of the Young
Men's Christian Association, which has
in hand the task of raising $100,000 by
subscription, to cancel the indebtedness
on the association building, is being re
warded for Its efforts 'and hard work
Last week J6100 was added to the fund.
Andrew B. McCreery was the largest con
tributor, cheerfully subscribing $5000 to
the fund.
Insolvent Laborer.
Edgar D. lounglove, laborer, Santa
Cruz, filed a petition ln Insolvency yester
day in the United States District Court.
He owes $412 50 and has no assets.
Among the many designs carefully pre
pared by different mercantile establish
ments In evidence of their hearty welcome
to the Mystic Shriners, none will com
mand more attention or receive warmer
praise than the windows in two Market
si reet stores— the Pacific Cloak and Suit
House and the Golden Gate Cloak and
Suit House. At the former our President
i? represented with the Shriner decora
tions at the side of a gorgeously attirei
Columbia seated at an elevation amid
heavy Oriental draperies. The Golden
Gate window shows another Turkish room
with a surprisingly lifelike Shriner kneel
ing at the feet of his queen. Much good
taste and considerable expense has been
expended In the preparation of these two
prominent features of the city's decora
tion.
Attractive Decorations.
been raised to an extravazant rarure
and al.so places provided for unnecessary
employes whereby for every $1 expended in
improvements there is a correspondins expen
diture of $1 provided for salaries. ¦ A similar
extravagance U apparent in the appropriation
for the salaries of the. Board of Health; wher
there is an overabundance of inspectors with
a. corresponding increase of the salary list
These we consider as beinsr extravagant and
unnecessary and in direct violation of the ante
election pledges taken by the Democratic and
Union L ab0I . Supervisors, who pledged them
seUes to appropriate 10 per cent of the ap
pr 2K. r . latlon for Permanent improvements
This rate would give to the DeoDle at loaaf-
J100.COO. which sun if Droperly SVould go
r>?£ 1 kTT.r 1 ' Of the wants of the P^
ple for which they are in sore necessity In
wm. *2 thiS th f taXes have been '"creased
with the view of providing places for politi
cians who render no apparent service in return
We respectfully call the attention of his
Honor thg Mayor to the provisions of the
charter in which he has the power to elimin
ate from the budzet all unnecessary appropria
tions and thereby live up to his pledge in run
ninff the city government on an economical
basis. , • ¦
We, the Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs, review with deep regret that the inter
ests of the taxpayers have been ignored and
the interests of the taxeaters have been cart
fully considered in every particular. We de
sire to call your attention tff the following
Items of the budget as passed to print:
Whereas, the salaries of the employes
of the Board of Public Work3 have
The federation sent the following reso
lutions to the Supervisors and Mayor
Schmitz:
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs at its meeting last night adopted
resolutions 'criticizing the action of the
Board of Supervisors in adopting the high
tax levy. In their resolution the federa
tion declares that the interests of the tax
payers have been ignored and the inter
ests of the taxeaters have been carefully
considered. The federation calls upon
Mayor Schmitz to veto the proposed tax
levy. It complains that the salaries of
the employes of the Board of Public
Works and *" the Beard of Health have
beer, raised on an extravagant basis and
places provided for a large number of
unnecessary employes. The burden of the
federation's objection is that some of the
Supervisors did not live up to their pledge
to devote at least 10 per cent of the en
tire tax levy to permanent Improvements.
Improvement Clubs of
Mission Object to Pro
posed Tax Liavy.
FEDERATION
ENTERS PROTEST
¦ Boys Injured by Pistols.
The Fourth of July! pistol has been
much In evidence during the past week.
Six cases of injury have been treated by
the physicians- at the Receiving Hospital.
They all consisted of small bullet wounds
and powder burns on ¦ different parts of
the body, the result, of carelessness on
the part of the small boy who is too
ea 5 e , r 'A 0 wa it till the Fourth to show hi3
patriotism. , • •:•¦.;.;
Pleads Guilty to Forgery;
Orrin S.' Emery pleaded guilty to a
charge of, forgery before Judge Lawlor
yesterday and will be" sentenced next Sat
a 1i y *ii ? e £ a3sed a check. for $25 on
W R V orged "iKMture of
i v ; n f- M orton, the drayman, on P. J.
SXP roprletor of a restaurant at 739
Harrison street. Emery, shortly before
frJL &^ * WaS h °norably discharged
r-^7 y- e n army and belongs to a promi
nent family > In the East.v
Jury in O'Hare Will
Case Decides in'
Their Favor.
The sisters of the late Joseph O'Hare,
whose last will and testament was con
tested in Judge Coffey's court, will come
into their own. ,A Jury last night ren
dered a verdict sustaining decedent's .will
of 1901, in which they were the sole lega
tees. Deceased left two wills.- One was
made . on May 28, 1894, and the other ok
October 24, 1901. In the former will he
left his property, valued at $45,000, as fol
lows: ;
To-W. F. Burbank of Oakland, $2000; to
his sisters, Mrs. Margaret Gowdey and
Mrs. C. M. Lally, $500 each; and the resi
due of the estate to Mrs. Mary Jane Rog
ers, another ¦ sister. In the will of last
year he leaves his property to his three
sisters, share and share alike.
The beneficiaries under the first will at
tempted to have the last will set aside.
The case has been on trial before Judge
Coffey for the last two weeks. . Yesterday
afternoon the Jury was charged and re
tired to. deliberate on a verdict. i
• Joseph O'Hare came here from New
York and resided for a time with the fam
ily of Thomas Jacques. Several years ago
Mrs. Lavenia Lally, his niece, came here
from New York and commenced legal pro
ceedings against the Jacques family to re
cover O'Hare's property, which she
claimed had been obtained • by ¦ the Jac
ques family from her uncle while he was
of unsound mind and under their influ
ence. She also had the Jacques family
"prosecuted on * a charge of | kidnaping
O'Hare. The fight for the property lasted
several months, and ended in Thomas
Jacques paying to Mrs. Margaret Gowdey,
who ln the meantime had been appointed
O'Hare's guardian, the sum of $12,500 in
settlement of the .litigation. .,
O'Hare was declared , an Incompetent
and Mrs. Gowdey assumed control of his
estate and person,* finally taking, him to
New York for medical ¦ treatment. He
died two days after, reaching ¦ New. York.
The will of 1901 was offered for probate
in New York, ' but it was contested i by
Mrs. Rogers "and W. ¦ F.v Burbank on : the
ground that when It was executed, O'Hare
was not of sound mind, j Burbank and
Mrs. Rogers . produced the will made by
LOS ANGELES, June 7.— If Blanche
Warren, the actress. Who was asphyxiated
in San Francisco, had a husband In th's
city no one can be found who knows him.
At the request of the San Francisco au
thorities the police tried to find the man
to-night, but without success.
played in John McCullbugh's stock com
pany in the old California Theater. She
was a relative of Police Commissioner
Howell. Blanche Warren was only 25
years of age, and her mother was 53.
About $450 in currency and coin was found
among the effects of the dead women, be
sides several valuable pieces of jewelry.
The young woman's tiunks contained a
large number of elegant articles of wear
ing apparel.
YOUNG ACTRESS AND HER.
MOTHER, WHO WERE ACCI
DENTALLY ASPHYXIATED.
SISTERS WILL
GET THE MONEY
• >: ....... /
B— — LANCHB WARREN, a well
known soubrette, and her moth
er, Mrs. G. ,W. Brown, were as
phxiated in bed last Friday night
. at 425 Golden Gate avenue, a
boarding house kept by M. Schwartz and
.vife. The dead bodies of the unfortunate
.vomen were found yesterday forenoon in
l jed with the room full of the fumes of
illuminating gas. One of the gas key3
nearest to the side of the bed on which
Miss Warren lay was turned partly . on.
1'he fixtures were in bad order, the keys
turning at the lightest touch.-
Blanche Warren, as she was known on
the stage, was the wife of Will M.-Chap
man of 1036 South Olive street, Los An
geles. She had just completed an engage
ment in-the Pittsburg Home & Heart Com
pany, which . closed its season in Pitts
burg on May 17, and she came to this
State on May 27, engaging the room at
425 Golden Gate avenue on May 31. Her
mother resided at 122 Turk street, and last
Friday night the couple visited a lady
friend and played cards until half-past
10 or 11 o'clock.
When the bodies were found they were
fully undressed and covered with the bed
clothing in a natural position. Miss War
ren is well known to San Francisco thea- .
ter goers, she having played in the stock
company at the Grand Opera House for
several seasons. She was waiting. to open
a' twelve weeks' season in the Grand
Opera House ln a short time, and consid
ered the waiting time as a vacation.
Her mother had been an actress, and •
-Duncan McKenzie is being sued for dl-
Arthur O. Williams has brought a suit
for divorce against Mattle V Wlflilms
on the ground of cruelty. They " EerS
attacking, him with knives and shears
and by , hurling chinaware at his head
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion were brought yesterday by Airnfs
S. Gray against Clarence H. Grav •IJrISfa
Quaid against David J. Quaid and H^n
nah Entevtotl. against -\ffff jg&yggK
NEVER GETS MEAI£.
George .Douglass is suing Maria Dous
lesn for divorce because, he alleges, she
never prepares his meals, and when he
utters a remonstrance she tells him to
"get out if he does not like it "
Douglass, as a second cause for com
plaint, alleges that she encourages his
children to beat him, and occasionally
tries to use a hatchet on him herself
They were married In 1S82. nerscu.
Kitty Sands, according to a conmlalnY
for. divorce 1 filed by he? yesterday wal
deserted by Joseph Sands fifteen ' dIJS
I Si e /nd R fn ar i d 8?8 n : ®& ™* -arrffln"
Russell, alleges his wife, amuses him
self by throwing his boot at her and grab
bing her by the neck and almost twisting
her head off. She says also that he ha«
applied vile and opprobious epithets tu
her on occasions too numerous to men
tion.
Mrs. Russell alleges further that her
husband threatens frequently to "cut her
into pieces," and that once while she was
preparing. hl3 meal he threw a knife at
her. ¦,.'.'
Elizabeth A. K. Russell brought a suit
for divorce against W. P. Russell yester
day, alleging cruelty. It is less than two
years ago that their marriage took place,
and ever since their home, at 1123 Tennes
see street* has been a scene of turmoil
and strife, all on account, alleges Mrs.
Russell, of her husband's "violent tem
per, vindictive and crafty nature arid in
temperate habits." Mrs. Russell alleges
that he has caused her so much woe and
misery that she has become a nervous
¦wreck.
She alleges further that her husband
abused, and.vlllified her one night at a
dance in the Alcazar building and humil
iated her greatly in the presence of scores
of her friends.
ABUSED AT DANCE.
Mrs. Ne^lsen refuses to give up the bat
tle without a struggle, and yesterday filed
counter-charges against her husband. She
denies the truth of all of Nellsen's allega
tions and asks that' a divorce be granted
her. on the ground of extreme cruelty.
She alleges in her cross-comyiaint that
on last New Year's day she was com
pelled to seek police protection from her
husband, who, she alleges, brutally beat
her. She was so much afraid of him on
that day, she alleges, that she hid in the
cellar of their home and remained there
all night.
Merry war is on at the home of Soren
Peter Nellsen and • Bessie Neilsen, on
Boyce street, and the divorce court has
been sought as a means of relief. Neilsen
took the initiatory steps to ''ssttle' their
difficulties a few days ago by "commenc
ing a suit for divorce, alleging that$ his
wife had treated him cruelly ever smcc
their marriage in April of last year. He
charged her with assaulting him with a
poker and throwing a beer glass at him,
and alleged further, that she' insulted .his
son and daughter and drove them from
home. He also accused her of persecuting
him to a degree that rendered his life
miserable.
Counter Charges Filed by
, Wife Accused of
Cruelty.
NEILSENS WAGE
BITTER WARFARE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902,
ooubrette Blanche Warren and Mrs. G. W. Brown
Victims of Defective Gas Fixtures.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
ASPHYXIATED IN BED
24
O'Hare in 1894, and offered it for probate
here. Mrs. Lally and Mrs. Gowdey filed a
contest to its admission, claiming that the
will filed in the Surrogate Court of New
York rendered it Invalid.
The attorneys for the proponents of the
disputed. will are W. M. Cannon and T. C.
Judkins, and Peter F. Dunne and H. C.
McPlke represented the contestants.
Xo one can expect to have a clear skin who suffers from indigestion.
Try Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure; it will cure you. Your complexion will be
sallow if your liver is out of order. Try Munyon.'s Liver Cure; it will cor-
rect it. To have a face free from blotches an<i pimples the blood should be
kept jiure. Try Munyon's Blood Cure; it will purify It. No woman can
have a tine complexion and brlpht eyes who is a victim of headaches. Try
Munyt-ii's Headache Cure; it relieves in one to three minutes and tones up
th* cniire system. Munyon's remedies are for sale at all drugr&ists, mostly
25 cents. If you have any disease of the head, nose, throat or lung:s, try
Munyon's Inhaler. It will positively cure Catarrh. Colds. Grip. Bronchitis,
Influenza. Asthma. Two k^nds— "hard rubber" and glass "Family." Price $1.00
each (including all medicines). Write Munyon's doctors for frco medical ad-
vice. l.iO5 Arch street. Philadelphia.
Large size cakes 15 cents. Trial size 5c. At all druggists.
SHORT SILK
JACKETS
HALF PRICE
MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Samples— but all the better for that.
The maker knew that they would be
placed side by side with the creations
¦ of his competitors, all eager for the
honor of patronage. He also knew
that the trained buyers of retail stores
would examine, compare and criticise
with merciless disinterestedness — hence
you may be Bure that every garment
is as near perfect as human skill -could
make it. If. you're looking for Jacket-
elegance — and the chance to make fifty
cents do ¦ a dollar's duty has any
charms'. for you — you'll do well to be
in line when this sale starts to-morrow
> morning 1 .
$20 Jackets Now $10.^0.
$25 Jackets Now $12.50
$34 Jackets Now $17.00 c
- $40 Jackets Now $20.00
BRILLIANTIIME SUITS
In Cardinal, Brown, Tan, Ecru and
Black at
ALMOST HALF PRICE.
Those suits are very handsome and
brimful of style and sturdy wear. But
we've more of them than we should
have just at this time, and are willing;
to pay a substantial premium for the :
room they occupy. The best suit val-
ues we've offered in many a day will
be obtained by those who help la their
hurried removal.
$25 Suits Now $15.00
$30 Suits Now $16.50
$35 Suits Now $17.50
r THE FURRIER
219 Grant Aven ue
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mere Soothing Than Cold Cream; More Healing Than
Any Lotion, Liniment or Salve; More
Beautilying Than Any Cosmetic. ' S
SWEET AS ROSES!
Munyon's 9* '§$
n\f *^T!T*X T-. ' '^ ature ' s Greatest »
WTTPiI Remedy for the Skin.
Tt JLI^WJ.1 Makes the Skin Soft
/^'i^^^^y^— to'n *n r 7 /*^ B Softens the Roughest
<^^Mm) IICIZCI wni T Hands ; 1
«\*[v^rW^J / Improve Any Com-
'^jX'*^^ W fit Hands Cured in a Night.
W'^^^^ CureS cllafin^ ani a11 skin irritations. Cures pim-
l^'w^^ I) ' CS< b!acl<lleadE and most facial blemishes. Cures
$i1bBhK* cuts, wounds ;ind sores, and allays intiammation. It
F|jlfit4»^V Ss the Dest dandruff cure ever made; 'simply invalu-
\k*$y\y/f^S ab ' e '" a " KCalp diseases. Splendid for the hair;
*" V stops falling out; gives vitality and visor to the
r^JS&Sg^^lj?-^, roots. Gentlemea find it simply delightful for shaving.
fjf BEST SOAP FCR BABY
rfplllr^ -s^-jdr^- V Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap is a bless-
>h^^afc*&^!i^^r inp ln the nurs<?r >'- Nothing: is heard but •
/^i^^^A rraise from mothers. It cures all the skin
/ 'VSt -; };^ggg?p? ffj^gr^^y torments of babyhood. Is just the soap
/ ijft '" ''o&^^&Mj&f' j*r^ for delicate, tender skins. Cures rash,
Ns teething: spots, chafing, hives and erup-
J%3?^i^* BfeTO^k. ttons. Gives comfort, ease and peace ( to -
//f i^2s-v tlle "ttle ones; soothes and calms; pro-
/£M /^Tf^S^Br^^ duces sleep; its delicious fragrance
Cjtoinefoutgf busii\€55
M Consolidation CJo3irwrcut^aley^
///AaLJe atro*>t*>t? at rfaricet *>t. N^S,
/ Remarkable values kt the Post- Our Market-Street Store is going A
Street Store on account of consolida- out of business. The entire stock
tion— making room for the new stock, offered at a sacrifice — no reserve, no
. preparing for alterations., \\m\t. %
Laces, curtains, draperies, silko- * . .
lines, tapestries, portieres, sofa pil- Dress goods, linings, silks, wash
lows, dress trimmings, laces, ribbons, goods, pillow cases, blankets, curtains, j
lace robes, dress silks, table linens, tapestries, kid gloves, ribbons, dress
napkins, kid gloves, tailor-made suits. trin !j mings> tailor-made suits, shirt
dress skirts, golf skirts,. -silk skirts waists , go if. skirts, silk waists, etc.,
moire and peau de soie jackets, new w <"^. & .
summer silks, silk waists, wash at closing out price,,
waists, silk and mercerized petticoats, Doors open to-morrow at 8
etc., at bargain prices. Never before a m - Come early and avoid the
in our history have we sold h gh- c * rowd _ extra help at both stores to
> grade, desirabe, seasonable goods at <- IUWU
\ The prices we quote during our con- serve you-r-extra delivery wagons, 1
V solidation and retiring sale. extra packers. IJ
\ REMEMBER THAT DRESS GOODS. WASH GOODS AND DOMESTICS CAN ONLY BE PURCHASED i/J
33A AT OUR MARKET-STRICT \i vo-j wish t- avVH th- -mwd . co-n« >^n| v .
K^nzo-iizz rfarK et Jbt:
i Have you been watching tor a piano bargain? |
Have you a few dollars to use on a first payment? I
This is your opportunity. I
We have about 50 pianos that we must sell this 1
week. They've been accumulating here for several I
weeks. Some came to us in trade, some are new and j
some have been rented once or twice. Squares, Up- |
rights and Grands in the lot and at enormous re- I
ductions. I
Every purchaser given our regular guarantee and I
our famous easy payment system. . I
These prices good until 20 o'clock next Satur- [
day night] 'Twill do no harm to look at them.
Look for the red tags. I
SQUARES" PIANOS. . I
f~% Samuel Gilbert— a fair piano..'. ....'.. &•»?: g
.!?£ Emerson— good condition 4~ I
So00 Chickeringr-grood condition ....! Hs I
**™ J- fSech & Cu.-Rood condition 40 g
$400 Arion— fine condition ,. . -i«>~ I
H™ Steinway— good condition f»l» I
$600 Drcker Bros.— grood condiUon 1OO I
«-iif al ? es Bros.— fair condiUon 5-5 I
S3oO Bradbury— sood condition rr% 1
$600 Steinway— fine condition 1 A~ , I
f* 1 ' Stedman— fine condition "1^*.; B
'•^?^eber— fine condition . ""1^0 I
$o00 Weber-excellent condition ."£'.'A#H? I
Any one on easy payment of $3.00, $4.00 or J5.00 per month. j
*-«« « UPRIGHT F»I/\INOS. '. I
tjjoO Harrington— perfect . ««»1K I
. $325 Grovesteen & Fuller, perfect •"•• J «filJ I
$3oO Mendelssohn-good condition ...'. fV-;
«& ntI , 8ell T^ Co --Patant upright f jf&
$600 Decker Bros—not yet repaired 34^
f™ ™ h \l r & Chase-practically new 04 •$
5?oO ¦WinthroD-new sample .„• V&/
&f 4< i^ recht T lar S e - fa »cy case '.'. I'.'. ai£
££? A - - i B^ Cnafe-fine condiUon ... oA'i
$2S5 Kimball— little used. J'-
$S65 Kimball-Iarge oak cMe'"": M\2
All on easy payments cf $5.00. $6.W and* $i6!66' per month;* *
GRAND PIANOS.
SS30 Weber— fine condition . « <•»-
$1059 Decker Bros.-good as new. . S&t
Above can also be had on easy payments. ,
Country oniere fiiledl"wri teat once!" '" '. 855 e -° h
| Friedman' g Furniture
f| ft Shellacked and
llaiifflTfrrTfitSlI Stand Out-door
illT^OC53Qvlii Service —
il|^^^™ This big
ll^^^^fL-g-^ Rocker — $2.00
lf§53^UM$l 1 } Get a Shriner U P against that high
1 IBTOHUUvI I cane back, yourself with another,
Wk '¦ VW'Sk^J I out under a California sky; tell him
6® L s*pP§5^il5SJ7«4 of the " da y s of old, the days of
|§£ ' Pmftp^fl] e° Id '" and he ' U belisve every word.
\ i^S ¦ Make your piazzas popular with \
\ it | J[ the - se ocl<ers ~ see th ose broad, en-
i i 1 1 i
| See The Tarades w/ \ff
i in comfort fAjL.iT}^* \y
11 Take one of these Folding Camp Stools /f|1 K\
Ij with you; it's awfully tiresome standing. [I v\ ffrVi
15 Cents rt^l
I TaKe'emtothe VarK, V W l _\ "Vl
IJ ZzaKfi 'em Camping. \d v if
H' Folding Chair ... iSfe>
|| for porch, latvn, camp yCZ££§2&£?
Ij or steamer traveling,
§ Light, strong frame. Bright dainty /^//^^^^^^lU
(1 striped canvas. Adjusts easily to /-— /If
II a reading, position or to Ue full /0" /$¥ \>^^2rtBi5^\«kk
H length for a nap. Can check with C h* ?-X---^^^L
|| baggage. Plenty of 'em. 75 cents. *5feg^£^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^
II mt^^^^^a - ¦
I -»„ -L -" T Ji e CrodIt How «>" S«* Stores HltfS. I
i Z^ ' 5 ¦ 7 p °s* Street. Phone Private Ex. 37.Movements of Steamers.
NOTE?— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the .left
hand column and the successive tWes of- the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th*
fourth timo column gives the last tide of- tha
day. except when there are but three tides, a«
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus f— »
r.ipn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the. depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the, lower low waters.
SUNDAY. JUNE "8.
NOTE — The' high and low waters occur., at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Arrives From Isthmus With Big Cargo and Brings News of Addi
tion to the Naval Forces of the Republic of Colombia.
ARGYLL MAKES HER LAST VOYAGE
FOR PANAMA RAILROAD COMPANY
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAILu
SCHOONER WHICH LEFT SALI
NAS CRUZ THREE MONTHS AGO.
HAS NOT BEEN HEARD FROM.
FROM SEATTLE.
Frank Woods, alias "St. Louis Frank":
William -Kauffmann, alias "St. Louis
Fat"; John Courtney, ¦ alias "Leadvilla
Jimmie"; William C. Kennedy, alias "Yel
low," and W. B. Henderson, charged with
the murder of Policeman Eugene Robin
son, at Sixteenth and Valencia streets,
on January 21, appeared In Judge Cook's
court yesterday. By consent the cases
were continued till July 26 to be set, and
the Grand Jury will be summoned to hm
present in connection with tha technical
objections made by the defense to the in
dictments. . .
Robinson's Slayers in Court.
In their demurrer the members of the
board aver that the complaint does not
state sufficient ground of action, that 't
is uncertain in that It does not shtow" to
what members of the Board of Health tha
Mayor's appointees are to succeed and
that it is ambiguous and unintelligible.
Drs. J. M. Williamson, R. W. Baum and
W. B. Levitt filed a demurrer yesterday
to the complaint in the quo warranto pro
ceedings brought by the people against
the Board of Health removed by Mayor
Scnmitz. of which they are members.
to Quo Warranto Proceedings
on Three Grounds.
Williamson. Baum and Levitt Object
HEALTH BOARD MEMBERS
DEMUR TO' COMPLAINT
Stmr City of Peking:, Robinson, 32 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 21 days, via Hono-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, June 7.
Stmr Albion River, Jacob*. 12 hours from
Albion.
Stmr laaua, Gunderson, 25 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr South Portland. Parker, 103 hours from
Port Hadlock.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy, 13 days 7 hours from
Panama.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 38 hours frfim
Ban' Pedro. ' - « •
Stmr Mandalaz, Batchelder. 4 days from
Bandon, via Crescent City 34 hours.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. 14 hours from Men
doclno.' • • ' ' '
• Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 24 hours from Eu
reka. - -'¦"/.'. ... . .r ¦ : ¦• -. .
Circuit Court of Appeals Adjourns.
• United States Circuit Judge William B.
Gilbert, who has been sitting on the
bench of the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals, started for. his home in. Port
land, Oregon, yesterday. The United
States Circuit Court of Appeals has» ad
journed untfl the first Monday in July.
Big Harness Sale.
j $9 00 will buy a good buggy harness. 13
.per cent off Wednesday and Saturday.
Lelbold Harness Co., iil Larkln street,
opposite City Hall. •
Indentures were filed yesterday. In book
form, in the Recorder's office by which
the "United Railroads of San Francisco,
hereinafter to be called "Railroads Com
pany," executes and delivers to the Union
Trust Company of San Francisco a deed
of trust of all the railways of the com
pany, with all electrical machinery, power
houses and equipments, tolls and incomes
and its real and personal property, fur
the' purpose of securing the payment of
the bonds and the interest which shall
accrue thereon. Thirty-five thousand
;two hundred and seventy-five bonds of
,the denomination' of $1000 each will be is
sued, to bear interest at 4 per cent, pay
able semi-annually.
}': United Railroads Files Deed.
: Ed Williams, who was found with deer
meat Jn his possession in the vicinity of
Skaggrsr' Springs about a week ago, de
cided not to fight the case yesterday, and
after pleading guilty before Justice Pro
vinea of Healdsburg was fined $25.
1 Deputy Fish Commissioners Davis and
Walters seUed about 800 deer hides at the
ferry station yesterday afternoon. They
were in boxes marked "household goods"
and consigned to a Mrs. Winner- Chief
Deputy Vogelsang states that the drivers
•for a largo tannery came after the boxes.
He says also that It is his- intention to
make the hides very "dear"' as far aa the
tanners are .concerned.
Deer Hides in Boxes Shipped as ii
"Household Goods."
Deputies Discover Eight Hundred
FISH COMMISSIONEBS . V \ .
MAKE A BIG SEIZTJBE
Sun, Moon and Tide. •
United States Coast and tieodetlc Survey —
Times, and Heights of High and Low
'¦Waters . at" Fort- Point, "' entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Time Ball.
Branch . Hydrographlc Office. X V. ' S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
June 7. 1002. 1 -
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was. dropped exactly at' noon to-day.
1 e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o m.. - Qrtenwich time.' /-•
v - W. H. . STANDLET.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
The French bark Jacques was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 53,920
ctls Wheat, valued, at $G2,000 and 19,000 ft
Lumber, as dunnage, valued at $2S3.
Wheat for Europe.
Shipping Merchants.
«The British ship Deecan, now at . Tacoma;
¦will load wheat or flour or both at that, port
for East London; chartered prior to arrival.
The bark Sea King, which was reported
chartered for lumber from Puget "Sound t6
Melbourne at 40s has the option of Adelaide
at the same rate. . • .-^
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Overdue Ship Arrives.
The Norwegian bark Bass Rock, which was
quoted at 25 per Cent on the overdue list, has
arrived at Mollendo. •>.-'
The revenue cutter Commodore Perry was
outside yesterday for a short cruise to enable
her officers, if possible, to locate the leak In
her bow« that forced her to abandon her trip
north. She will go on the dry dock to-morrow.
Looking for Leak.
The crab fishing boats Alma, Defender and
Dominique will engage in a sailing race on
the bay to-day for a prize of $75. The start
will be from Meiggs wharf at noon, and the
course will be around Blossom Rock.
Crab Fishermen Will Race. .
Th« TJnited States' .training- ship Alert- ar
rived yeeterday from. 1 - Monterey 'and proceeded
'direct to Mare Isiand.. 'She left here February
1ft on a cruise . of Instruction.- for the benefit
of 130 apprentices. . She hag visited Mazatlan,
Pichlllnque and a number of other coast porta
and engaged in target practice at Magdalena
Bay. According to her original schedule Ehe
goes from here to Puget Sound.
Alert Returns From Cruise.
A cablegram received yesterday from Val
paraiso reports a .serious accident to the Kos
mos liner Ists' in the Straits of- Magellan. 'The
lels, which left here March 13, went ashore
at Smyth's channel. 6he got' off the beach
and made her way back to Point, where
it was found that fhe was badly damaged.
Isis Goes Ashore.
A telegram wa« received yesterday from
Portland, Ore., saying that Dan O'Callaghan,
the well-known commission merchant, - had
been successfully operated upon for appendi
citis and was convalescent at the St. Vincent
Hospital in that city. O'Callaghan left here
for Portland last Thursday, on a business trip
and apparently was in his usual good health.
Dan O'Callaghan Sick.
Vine's Long Trip.
The eehooner Vine, f unoui for hard luck
experiences. Is making another long voyage
and those Interested In her welfare are anxious
ly awaiting news of her. She left Salinas
Crua ninety-four day* aro for Graya Harbor
a-nd h&a not yet arrived. The voyage, under or
dinary circumstances, should not take more
than thirty or forty days. The Vine, tt is
E&ld, wm provisioned for less than two months.
She has been out more than three months, and
the fear is expressed that all hands must be
cuffering from hunger.
Dan James Arrested.
Captain Dan Jamea of the tug Ida W was
arrested yesterday on a warrant sworn ' to by
Michael Richard, watchman at Mission-street
wharf No. 1. '-;¦-< . .
The towboatman la charged with battery.
Richard, a few days ago, arrested a man in
the act cf stealing a fifty-pound box of to
bacco from the wharf. The man resisted ar
rest, and, according to Richard, James did
all he could to assist the thief In getting away.
THE last trip of the steamship
Argyll, which arrived yesterday
from Panama with 4500 tons of
New York freight, was the fast
est made by her since " she was
put en the isthmus run. She left Panama
2day 24 and came up In thirteen days
eeven hours. Her best day's run was 268
miles. This was the best trip she has
made and the last she will make for the
Panama Railroad ' Steamship Company.
Her charter has expired, and Ehe will
prctably return to the Atlantic coast. Her
place on the Panama run will be taken
by the Pleiades, which will start on her
first trip next week. -
"When the Argyll left Panama the Co
lombian Government was expecting the
arrival of a. new addition for the repub
lic's navy. Colombia has purchased the
French second class cruiser Fox, the ves
sel on board which Captain Dreyfus was
carried to his island prison. The Fox was
due at Panama when the Argyll sallod.
The first work of the new cruiser will be
to hunt and capture or destroy the insur
gent navy, -which consists of one anti
quated gunboat, the Padilla. Taxes con
tinue very high at Panama as a result of
the war. The Colombian Government is
issuing paper money, and complaints are
heard on all sides of the weight of the
financial burden of the revolution.
¦The Argyll experienced unusually cold
weather along the coast, the thermometer
remaining below 58 for the greater part
of the voyage. The Argyll had eight
stowaways aboard. .
. The passengers are:
Mr. and Mrs. I. Adder, W. Adder, " General
James Allen. U. S. A.; A. Andrae, J. Agava,
6. Antoldl, Dr. Bailly, General A. E. Bates,
Miss Bates. Miss B. M. Bates, E. Berquet, H.
B. Bigelow, Mrs. G. Brown, H. Caesar, Mr.
*nJ Mrs. J. Carroll, A. Chemmels. P. B.
Cohen, J^ W. Dademan, S. Goddard, Miss
Goddard. E. B. Goddard, F. E. Hammond, H.
E. A. Hanken. J. Hern. W. C. Korthals. Colo
nel C. Kitchener, Major and Mrs. R. P. Lee,
M. Levy, Major Martin Maglnnie, D. McDou
gall, E. C. Mitchell, E. Paldfleid, Mrs. II. I.
Pearse, Mis* Ralph,. P. Earda, J. Hoyt Smith.
E. VUselmann, H. C. Walroud, T. YoBlinda,
F. Humphries, F. . D. Greany, J. C. Bvrne,
W. E. Heine, H. B. Gehr, K. Ferjlla, II. G.
Genaca, Mrs. S. M.. Flock, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Wilder. Charles B. Hall, A. Brown, G. H.
Brokaw, Master Brokaw, M. M. Baxter, wife
and child: A. McAre, H. Gorlich, J. Wright,
F. Greee, P. Fay, A. M. Gllmette. J. Andrade,
ft. Hlnea, A- Kersunka, A. P. Sylva. Mr. Ran
tte.g-0, H. L. Ray, J. Crayeraft, H. G. Walck.
Mr. Tapapen, A. Harris, J. McCormlck. J. D.
Johnson. J. M. Williams. G. L. Stewart. Miss
F. Reshreok, O. Greenslade, Mr. and Mr*. L.
De'.val and child.
The Pacific Mail steamship Peking arrived
yesterday evening from the Orient, three days
late. She. reached port Just in time to pasa
Quarantine, and docked about 0:30 o'clock.
The,delay was caused by the breaking of one
of the low pressure cylinders. This occurred
between Yokohama and Honolulu. The engines
were stopped -altogether for six hours and the
speed thereafter was bo • . reduced that the
schedule . was put out of joint to the extent
or three days. In addition to this reduction
In power, head winds were encountered almost
throughout the passage. Among the passen
gers was Colonel Kitchener, a brother of Lord
Kitchener of Khartoum, England's latest idol.
Colonel Kitchener has been visiting his ¦ son,
who is an officer on the , British battleship
Goliath, on the Asiatic etation. „ .
Peking Arrives.
Customs Inspector McGulnness went to Rich
ard's assistance and the thief was secured.
James «ays he did not understand the. condi
tions or he would not. have interfered.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 7— Stror Noyo.
for Ban Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailea June 7— Stmi
Scotia, for San Franclacq.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed June .7— Stnir South
Coast, for San Francisco.
BALLARD — Sailed June C — Schr Challenger,
for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived June 7 — Schr
Okanogan, from Nushaeak; schr Camano, from
Karluk.
Passed in June 7 — Br ship Durbrldge. from
Victoria: Br ship Decean, from Victoria.
Phased out June 7— ltal ship Fortunato Fl
gari, from Port Blakeley, for Iqulque. , ' •
Passed in June 7— fitmr Washtenaw, from
Portland, for Seattle. ¦•-.=
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 7— Schrs
Okanogan and' Camano, from Alaska.
NEAH BAY — Passed out June 7 — Schr Chal
lenger, for San Pedro: stmr Grace Dollar, for
San Francisco; ltal ship Fortunato Ftgari, for
Iquittue.. ' . . • . .
Passed in June 7 — Stmr Wa'ihtenaw, from
Astoria, for Seattle and New "\V \atcom.
EUREKA-r-Arrived June. 7— f.mr Pomona,
h*nee June 6; schr Glen, hence May 11.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 7— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skauwsy. . '
Sailed June 7 — Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco. ¦
. SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 7— U S itmr Ran
cer, for Panartia. • ' ; ' ¦ .
Island ports.; .
HONOLULU— Arrived May 27— Bktn Archer,
hence May 15. May 2&— Stmr Hyades, hence
May 18; stmr Ventura, hence May 22. May 29
— Stmr TatiiDico, from Seattle; stmr City of
Peking, .from Yokohama. '„ May 'SO — Schr Mary
E Foster, from Port Gamble.
.. Sailed May. 23 — Bktn Amelia, for Eureka:
Etmr ' Ventura, for colonies. May 30— Bark
Mauna Ala, for San Francisco.
To sail May 31 — Bark Andrew "Welch, for
San Francisco; schr Rosamond, for San Fran
cisco; 'fitmr Hyades, \for' San ,Francl«eo, via
Kahull. June 1— Stmr ' Tairipico, for ' Seattle,
via Kahulul: bktn S G .."Wilder, for Sari Fran
cisco. June 2— Schr James Rolph, for Eleele;
ship Acme, for New York. June 5-rSchr W H
Marstori, for San Francisco. About June 10—
Ship DirlRo,. for New -York; bark Mohican, for
-Sah Francisco. - -. r.""i
KAHULUI— Sailed May 22— Stmr Califor
nian, for New York, via Hilo. :
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP-* Arrived June 6— Ger ship Als
ter, from Tacoma. ¦
Sailed June 5 — Br bark Solway, for Tacoma.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived June fr^Aus stmr
Java, from Tacoma. .' .. ' .
HAMBURG— Arrived June 5— Ger stmr Kl
caria, hence Feb 1. \
PORT SAID— Arrived June 0— Br stmr HU1-
Blen. from New Yortt, for Manila.
lVUNOiKNESS— Passed June 6 — Ger ship Su
sanna, from Oregon, for United Kingdom.
S ALGIERS-^ Sailed June 4— Br.stmr St Kilda,
for Manila.- '¦, ¦. ¦ . ¦ ' .
LONDON— Sailed June 6— Fr hark Genevleve
Molinoe, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June C— Br ' ship
Nelson, for Barrow; Br Bhlp Falklandbank,
for Cardl.T. " . ' :-..
NANAIMO— Arrived June 6— Nor stmr Tlta
nia, hence June 2; stmr Meteor, for Seattle.
¦Sailed June 7 — Nor stmr Tltania, f or ¦ San
Francisco. . . J- •" ¦
CALLAO— Sailed June 6— Ger stmr Abydos,
for San -Francisco. ,- •
. CORK — Arrived June 5— Br bark Fernbank,
hence Dec .27. ' ¦ : .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 4— Stmr Olym
pia, from Tacoma. June 5 — Stmr Peru, hence
May 17. ¦ .'" . v . ¦ '. ¦ - •. -
Sailed Juns 4— Br stmr Indrapura, for:Port
land. ¦ ¦ ..••.-.
— Passed June, 7 — Fr bark Genevieve
Mollnps, ' from Lpnoon, for San . Francisco.
• AUCKLAND — Sailed June 7 — Stmr Sonoma,
for San Francisco. • ¦ .
FALMOUTH — Arrived June 7 — Br shiii Af
ghanistan, hence Feb 5; Br ship Eva.Montgom
ery, hence Jan 22; Fr bark Duchesse Anne,
hence Feb 13; Br bark Invercauld, hence
Jan SO.
CARDIFF — Arrived June 7— Br ehlp Falk
landba.'.'C;. from Oregon. . •
BARRUW^-Sailed June 6— Br ship Allerton,
for Vancouver., ..-. ¦ . ¦
\4 ; : : v - '; ':[ ; : ocean 'steamers.
- -ANTWERP— Arrived June 7— Stmr Kensing
ton,' from New York. , ¦ . -.
June 7— Stmr Vaderland. - for. New
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 7 — Stmr Merion,
from Boston; atmr Taurle, from Now York.
: Sailed May 7— Stmr Campania, for New
York. ¦'.¦••'
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June- 7— Stmr Tartar,
from Vancouver, for Hongkong. . . ... -
GLASGOW— Sailed : June 7 — Stmr Austrian,
ior Boston.' "'•¦'¦.
"HAVRE — Sailed June 7— Stmr La Touralne,
• for New .York. . .
•- QUEENSTOWN-^SaHed .June -7— Stmr . Cym
ric from XI veroobl. for Ndw York; stmr Min
neapolis, ¦ for New York. ; ; , ¦ I-" • :
NEW YORK^— Arrived June 7— Stmr La
Lorraine, from [Havre. «•
• Balled May 7— Btmr Mlnnehaha. for London:
Btmr ' Pretoria, for • Hambunc: etmr Rhyndam,
for -Rotterdam; atmr Furnes*^ for Olatjow; I
Btmr Lucanla, for Liverpool. .
lulu 7»4 day*. '-.'.. "".
Stmr Aicatraz, Carlson. iS hours 'from Port
Los Anteles. " is •
U S stmr -Commodore Perry, Failing, from
cruise.
US stmr Alert. Adama, 10 hours from Mon
terey; ud river direct.
Schr Webf oot. Semsen, 4 ¦ days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Sacramento, Hansen, 3 days from Sius
law River.
\ > CLEARED.
. . Saturday, June 7.
Strnr Bnokane, Lloyd, Seattle; Goodall, Per-
kins & Co. ' .
Stmr. Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Stmr Aztec. Trask, Nanaimo; P M SB Co.
Br Btrnr WellJnKton. -Salmond, Ladysmith;
R Dunsmulr's Sona Co. - - • • : ¦.••¦'.
Fr: bark . Jacques, Michel, - Queenstowfl; L
Kauffman.
t SAILED.
Saturday, June • 7.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro.: . .
' Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas. . .
.Stmr Coronado. Peterson. Port Lea Angeles.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr GeO W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, Eureka,
Stmr Spokane, Lloyd, Seattle.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, — — . .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescerit City.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Ladysmith.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman,' Comox.
Fr bark Olivier de Cllsson. Benard, Queens-
Schr Marie E Smith, Nielsen, Port Gamble.
Schr Churchill, Rosendall, Columbia River
and Melbourne. '
Schr Orient, Sanders. Port Blakeley, ... ..
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, Rotrue River. .
Schr Courtney Ford, Murchlson,. Port Gam-
ble. ' ' -.-.. ¦¦ -¦¦..¦¦•••
Schr Ida, Campbell. Bodega. . ...
. SPOKEN. . .
May 6. lat 37 S, Ion 66 W— Br ship Argus,
from Hambursr. . for Port Los Anireles. ¦ ¦
June 1, lat 30 N,' Ion 4 W — Ger bark. , Werra,
from Bremen, for Honolulu. -' <
- April 11, lat 23 S. Ion 30 \V — Fr bark Fran
cois Coooe, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Jan 14 'lat 40 N,- Ion 132 .W^Ger. bark
Schiller, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
. TELEGRAPHIC. ' '
POINT LOBOS, June 7, 10 p m —^Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles per hour. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ' LUDLOW-^Sailed June 7 — Br «tmr
Caithness, for Buenos Ayres. ;
. SAN PEDRO — Arrived June .7 — Stmr Na
tional City, from Fort Brags; stmr Del Norte,
hence June .5. -.
. Sailed June 7 — Stmr National City, for R«
dondo; etmr San Pedro, for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived June 7— Schr R E God
frey, from Ballard; stmr Gee- Loomis. hence
June 6. and sailed ¦ for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 7 — Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; stmr Aberdeen, for San
Francisco. . ¦ , r.V.
POINT REYES — Passed June 7. 6 p m —
Stmr Homer, from Tillamook," for Redondo.
the r &js3& iX y<iiAi*'ui$w
25
Sun rises .4:,47
Sun 6ets : .:...... .w..... 7:30
Moon sets :.. 0:43 p. m.
t) Time Time Time Time I
g. Ft. — — Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H W L . \V H W " " L W
8 0^01 5.7 "tIo3— 1.0 2:19 TZ 7:00 2.0
9 1:00 5.5 7:54—0.7 3:0S 8:00 3.0
10 2:00 5.1 8:45— 0.2 3:57 5.8 »:21 2.»
11 3:07 4.7 9:a7 0.3 4:44 5.5110:37 2.«
12 4:20 .4.3 10:30 0.0 5:32 5.«|il;50 2.2
13 5:38 4.011:26 1.4 6:22 5.(5...
L, W ¦ H W L W . H W
14 0:53 1.8 6:55 3.0 12:22 1.8 7:10 5.7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
R. Dollar. . . . Ban .' Pedro
San Pedro .... Santa Barbara
Brooklyn Point Arena
Acapulco Panama & Way •'Ports.
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor "C
Argyll New York via Panama.
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.
S. Monica Humboldt .... .-. . . . .
Pcmona Humboldt
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Fort*.
C. Nelson.... Seattle &* Tacoma ....
Rainier...... Whatoom
Argo Eel' River
Arctic Humboldt
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports
Eureka Humboldt ..........
Lakme Portland & Astoria
Edith Seattle
Titania Nanaimo
Phoenix Mendocino
Point Arena. . Point Arena
Eanta.Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports
G. Dollar.... Gray* Harbor ..........
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports
Chehalis..... Grays Harbor
Hathor Seattle
Gaelic China & Japan
G. XV. Elder. . Portland & AstCria ....
Newburg drays Harbor
Rival ........ Wlllapa. Harbor i .'.
Pentaur. . . . . . Hamburg- & West Coast.
North Fork.. Humboldt
Urnatilla. .... Puget Sound Ports ....
EantaCruz... Newport St Way Ports.
Alameda. .... Honolulu
San Juan.... Panama &:Way Ports.'.
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama.
June 8
June 8
June 8
June S
June 8
June 8
June ! 8
June 9
June ' 0
June 9
June 9
June 10
June 10
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
Juno 12
June 12
June 13
June 13
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 15
June 15
June 1G
June 16
June IS
June 17
June IS
June IS
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. 1 PJer.
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
. ¦ - ¦ ¦ i . . i
"i i
Jnnc S.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City .... 1 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ' . »am Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 9.
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
H. Dollar.. Seattle direct 6 pm Pier 2
Australia. . Tahiti direct 10 am Pier - 7
City Sydney Panama & "Way Pts 12 xa PMSS
June 10.
Palena.... . Valparaiso & Way. 12 ta Pier tO
Albion Riv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
North Fork . Humboldt . . . ; 9 am Pier 2
June 11. ' '
Pomona .... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 11
Pleiades.... N. Y. via. Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Santa Crur. Newport & Way VtB 9 .am Pier 11
Vandalay. . Coquille River ....10 am Pier 2
- . Jnnc .12. '¦ ,, ¦,'
Arso ... Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
State t:al... San Dt>go & Way. 8 ara Pjer 11
S. Monica.-. Humboldt ......... 10 am Pi«r 2
Peking:.^.. China «fe Japan .1 pm PMSS i
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 24
Jnnc 13.' : •
*rctlc...... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
June 14.
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacozna. . 4 pm Pier 2
*t. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
ircata. .... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Cakme Astoria & Portland. 12 m Pier. 2
*. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier S
- i : .'. Jane 15. -'
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier IB
Rainier.... Seattle *; Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 16.
AllUnce..;. Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 18
: June 17. ...
Newburfc... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Rival...... Willapa, Harbor ... 12.tnPter 2
,Jnnc 18.
Acapulco... Panama. & Way... 12 m PMSS.
Steamer.
For.
Salla.
Bertha. ..... .Cooks Inlet & Way Ports June 8
Dclphln Skagway & Way Ports. June 8
Dirlgo. Skagway & Way Ports. June 11
Santa Ana... Skagway & Valdez . . . , June 12
Nome City... Nome &; Golofnln Bay. June 12
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Spokane..... Bkagway & Way Ports. Juno 14
Cottage City. Skasway & \Vay Ports. June U
City Ssattlo.. Skagway & "Way Ports. June 1 A
City Tbpeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
ExcelBlor.... i Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Sun rises .4:,47
Sun 6ets : .:...... .w..... 7:30
Moon sets :.. 0:43 p. m.
t) Time Time Time Time I
g. Ft. — — Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H W L . \V H W " " L W
8 0^01 5.7 "tIo3— 1.0 2:19 TZ 7:00 2.0
9 1:00 5.5 7:54—0.7 3:0S 8:00 3.0
10 2:00 5.1 8:45— 0.2 3:57 5.8 »:21 2.»
11 3:07 4.7 9:a7 0.3 4:44 5.5110:37 2.«
12 4:20 .4.3 10:30 0.0 5:32 5.«|il;50 2.2
13 5:38 4.011:26 1.4 6:22 5.(5...
L, W ¦ H W L W . H W
14 0:53 1.8 6:55 3.0 12:22 1.8 7:10 5.7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
R. Dollar. . . . Ban .' Pedro
San Pedro .... Santa Barbara
Brooklyn Point Arena
Acapulco Panama & Way •'Ports.
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor "C
Argyll New York via Panama.
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.
S. Monica Humboldt .... .-. . . . .
Pcmona Humboldt
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Fort*.
C. Nelson.... Seattle &* Tacoma ....
Rainier...... Whatoom
Argo Eel' River
Arctic Humboldt
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports
Eureka Humboldt ..........
Lakme Portland & Astoria
Edith Seattle
Titania Nanaimo
Phoenix Mendocino
Point Arena. . Point Arena
Eanta.Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports
G. Dollar.... Gray* Harbor ..........
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports
Chehalis..... Grays Harbor
Hathor Seattle
Gaelic China & Japan
G. XV. Elder. . Portland & AstCria ....
Newburg drays Harbor
Rival ........ Wlllapa. Harbor i .'.
Pentaur. . . . . . Hamburg- & West Coast.
North Fork.. Humboldt
Urnatilla. .... Puget Sound Ports ....
EantaCruz... Newport St Way Ports.
Alameda. .... Honolulu
San Juan.... Panama &:Way Ports.'.
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama.
June 8
June 8
June 8
June S
June 8
June 8
June ! 8
June 9
June ' 0
June 9
June 9
June 10
June 10
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
Juno 12
June 12
June 13
June 13
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 15
June 15
June 1G
June 16
June IS
June 17
June IS
June IS
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. 1 PJer.
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
. ¦ - ¦ ¦ i . . i
"i i
Jnnc S.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City .... 1 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ' . »am Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 9.
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
H. Dollar.. Seattle direct 6 pm Pier 2
Australia. . Tahiti direct 10 am Pier - 7
City Sydney Panama & "Way Pts 12 xa PMSS
June 10.
Palena.... . Valparaiso & Way. 12 ta Pier tO
Albion Riv. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
North Fork . Humboldt . . . ; 9 am Pier 2
June 11. ' '
Pomona .... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 11
Pleiades.... N. Y. via. Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Santa Crur. Newport & Way VtB 9 .am Pier 11
Vandalay. . Coquille River ....10 am Pier 2
- . Jnnc .12. '¦ ,, ¦,'
Arso ... Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
State t:al... San Dt>go & Way. 8 ara Pjer 11
S. Monica.-. Humboldt ......... 10 am Pi«r 2
Peking:.^.. China «fe Japan .1 pm PMSS i
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 24
Jnnc 13.' : •
*rctlc...... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
June 14.
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacozna. . 4 pm Pier 2
*t. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
ircata. .... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Cakme Astoria & Portland. 12 m Pier. 2
*. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier S
- i : .'. Jane 15. -'
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier IB
Rainier.... Seattle *; Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 16.
AllUnce..;. Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 18
: June 17. ...
Newburfc... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Rival...... Willapa, Harbor ... 12.tnPter 2
,Jnnc 18.
Acapulco... Panama. & Way... 12 m PMSS.
Steamer.
For.
Salla.
Bertha. ..... .Cooks Inlet & Way Ports June 8
Dclphln Skagway & Way Ports. June 8
Dirlgo. Skagway & Way Ports. June 11
Santa Ana... Skagway & Valdez . . . , June 12
Nome City... Nome &; Golofnln Bay. June 12
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Spokane..... Bkagway & Way Ports. Juno 14
Cottage City. Skasway & \Vay Ports. June U
City Ssattlo.. Skagway & "Way Ports. June 1 A
City Tbpeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
ExcelBlor.... i Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GEAPE-mjTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAS TERM WILT, BEGIN AUGUST 18.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
A trial of the above selection of food
for ten days will prove to any one that
health and vigror, an active mind and a
keen enjoyment of the pleasures of sum-
mer will take the place of poor digestion,
• dull brain and that heavy, draggy feel-
lr.g- caui.td by Improper food during the
hot weather.
A booklet of excellent recipes is found
in each package of Grape-Nuts from
which many easy and delicious warm
weather dishes can be made for luncheon
and supper that are not only nutritious,
but pleasing to the palate.
Grape-Nuts come to you from the gro-
cer ready to serve, having been fully
cooked at the factory by food experts,
&r.d this saving in time and exertion is
appreciated by the housewife as well as
the economy, for being a concentrated
food, four teaspoonfuls Is sufficient for
the cereal part of a meal for one person
and costs only one cent.
.'Particularly is this true at the present
eeaeon of the year, when meat and other
f/atty foods increase the internal heat of
the body and make the summer day still
more disagreeable.
The best mornlnc foundation is Grape-
ICuts and cream, a little fruit, a cup of
Postum Ft>od Coffee and possibly a cou-
lile of eggs prepared to suit the taste—
this breakfast is sufficient to satisfy the
hardest worker, either of brain or muscle,
until the noonday meal.
.Never eal heavy carbonaceous foods for
the morning meal, for these foods should
follow and not precede hard work.
BODY HEAT
Beduced SO Degrees in Summer.
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2203, Central Are.,
Opens Monday. Ant. 4. For Information or cata-
logue address the principals, LVON & ROGEil.
302 Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
SHORTHAND TAUGHT i BY * MAIL . AND
O personally: "best teacher, best system.' ..
MISS M.G. BARRETT'S «J?gBS$. D
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
821 Sutter st.— Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious younr men
and women. Write for announcement and
any particulars. : < '- ¦
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; • finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
Illustrated catalogue. 305 Larkln «t.
R. L. DURHAM. President.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL." ~j
•^ U 'T* Ann Expert ' Accountant.
O» 11* * M.I\. IV guarantees a better
knowledge of bookkeeping In S weeks than any
college can give in 8 months. Mall course 92.
knowledge guaranteed: country customers so-
licited. Sly pupils in the most responsible posi-
tions. 219 Parrott building. San Francisco.- ¦-.
Mason City,. la., Feb. 2C, 1001.
Jas H. Mahler, Msr. . Oxygenor Co., Chicago.
. Dear Sir — Since purchasing an Oxygenor
King, nearly one year and a half ago, we havo
had no occasion- to ¦ resort to medicines. We
have used the Oxygenor for - la grippe, gore
tlroat, colds, debilitated blood, . fevers, croup,
inflammation of the bladder, diarrhoea and
constipation. In all of these cases the effect
was prompt and gratifying. : ' .
Last spring I used it. on one of my members
whom , the doctors declared to be beyond re-
covery from pneumonia. .'The effect was Im-
mediate. His was reduced -four
degrees in. twelve hours, and he started on the
toad to .- recovery. One' lady who purchased
one i declared, af ter . the : first course of treat-
ment, that ; ehe . was benefited far more than
by a previous expenditure of $125.00, includ-"
jng a surgical operation. ; This was months ago
and she Is still enthusiastic. ¦ . . •; .
-A mart whose- wife has. been, ap Invalid for
years said- After tliree courses of. treatment:
"She- is stronger to-day - than I have ever
known : her. to be." Another lady, subject i to
nervous headaches, has repeatedly cured them
in a. few • moments with'; tha .Oxygenor. The
names- of these ; people can be secured by ad-
dressing nus at any time.- .Truly, yours.
• ¦ (REV.) RALPH C. SARGENT,,
PreV. ¦ Iowa Christian 'Endeavor, Union, ¦ Pastor
• Christian - Churcru • . .
CATALOGUE AND TERMS FREE AT OUR
OFFICE.- ...-.....--¦ ,. . -¦'¦: ¦'-. :¦.¦¦:¦:.
- -CALIFORNIA OXYGENOR -CO.,
214 CALLAGHAN BUILDING. .
> ... -a- : SAN FRANCISCO.. CAL. t: ,r~, . .
Aeents wanted in every town in Calif ornla.
No Need of Medicines.
HEALTH FOR ALL MANKIND.
College of Notre Dams, ,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA, confers degree,
grants diplomas, college preparatory: accredited,
by State University; intermediate and primary
classes for young children. Studies resumed
August 5. 1902.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THB
• WEST.— 24 Post. st., Saa Francisco, Cal.
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire yeas."
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
K; S C. MEDICAL CO.,
1236 MARKET ST., cor. Jones.
Hours— 9 to. 5, 6 to. 7:30 1 p., m. Sunday li
tol p. m. .,'.-'.". -.,.''. ,' ' ' v
Kemp's Suppositories have been gold under
a full guarantee for the past 12 years.
Agent* wanted everywhere. ' •
. In Kemp's Suppositories all suffering women
.will find a positive cure, -mild, healine and
effectualin every case. It contains no opium
oiorphlne or cocaine to stupefy the patient or
benumb the organs temporarily, as is the case
in the instance of so many remedies, which
deceive woman for a time only to result In a
reaction cf her trouble. Kemp's Suppositories
are, especially beneficial to'ulceration and in-
flammatory conditions of the uterine organs
Air derangements of no matter how long stand'
lag are positively cured by the use of this won-
derful discovery. - ,- • ¦•-
Thirty Kemp's Suppositories. $2. If vour
druggist does not sell them, calt at our 'office
or we will aend them postpaid on receint of
lirlce. ' . Y: . <- - 3 | .
¦ K. S. C. Medical Co.— Gentlemen : In grate-
ful acknowledgment of the great benefit afford
ed me by the use of your remedy, I recommend
Kemp's Suppositories as an Infallible cure for
ovarian inflammation, of which it cured me
after four months' use. ' •
' MRS.'R. L. TAYLOR, city
$1000 reward offered any one who can prove
the above testlmonal is not genuine. ¦ :
- • ,- . ous accumulations
result. In such a case the one essential re-
quired is, a" treatment -locally applied to act
directly on the organs distinctively feminine
Net a harsh remedy to shock ihe already deli-
cate and sensitive parts, nor tonics to intensify
the feverish conditions Of the blood. ¦
A . woman is
largely dependent
on her, state ot
health. When
physically weak
her mental facul-
£ ; tics are . clouded
and the Joys of life
are lessened.. Could
she but know that
by. the retention of
Impurities In the
system, . which a
Blusglsh. Imperfect
circulation fails to
eradicate, .polson-
Perfect Happiness.
JOB 2vOS£NB£Ba'S. :
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOB EOSENBEUG'S.
70S BOSENBERCPS.
hm^^W^^^^i^^i^^ The- .failure of a prominent New York manufacturer ,,, ''''IJ/^// 'Wfjlfl
¦Il^w/^^fe^^^l4 tfv [ °^ Pocket Books, Purses and Chatelaine Bags enables W^ ¦fzsrm
I ip®^^^^^w^w >^ us to-make a decided sensation in leather-goods selling. /^^ '¦¦¦'¦¦ « - "J'^i
iw^^^^PW*'' We bought them at 50c on the dollar. Made in this season's
I newest leathers. Also beaded bags and hand bags. Here are a few,
I f^^^^ al^ e^^. and we have hundreds of others: i
I s^°^^ ur^^ Stc^ Chatelaine Bags 50c. Suede Leather Wrist Bags 50c. |
||w^l^V V Wrist Bags studded with steel nail heads 75c. Wrist Bags of walrus skin 29c. aIjI
%W¥^ Combination Card Case and Pocket Book I5c. Combination Card Case and Pocket Book, >^|
Sir good steel frame; jGermam silver trimmed, 25c. Ladies' Chatelaine Bags, good quality leather, I
I 29c. $1.50 Ladies' Card Case and Pocket Book 75c. Many others in higher and lower price. I
I You are oneof the many who are invited to come and see if this is not the store that advertises -facts, fj
1 SometMng Jew. and; Stunning in ¦ Have You Seen the te Ping Pong Bigliy Advantageous to You if You Penny Wise and Pound Foolish, j
I % ¦ Veilings. ;- / Ties? Wish to Purchase Dainty jg*^ y( » Se 1^^ 0 ; 10 1
kS&rs&W Wash Ribbons. .^oSrcff^SSto^disH
I weight, with fancy cat-stitched borders. m£MZ&m v They "?,? ma $ e of K^vTOT ™L « 1 * * >, ? » T||j which store ia offering ; tha ¦
¦ AWfi^ lll &l ta f;og.y^r.!Sffi 111111 rrffirnin^^nserK W$F FV rSiro^iaSfi? 1 ?^ I
H rftrrmafkrtn k thfl <lTir0Ct Tact nf »£-& fil of lace and cat stitch"- £^>S!r inches wide; good, washable? A . \ * u\' UNDERWEAR -which H
M tOniparibUll lo LllD OUie&l 18Sl OI . {^Jg^fir In &; new pointed ef- v??S&3fr and reasonable; sold else- JJ/^A^f ±£, i,,,wr mirchased at a 61
II Vnlnoc tm&Ul&B&ti&l fect : whlte trimmed where for 40c; white only. g7/ V^f ™£ c V^, r S e They are El
ii XttlUBb. .¦¦¦¦ nMIHI N«V with pink, t>lue, red.- ¦* Rosenberg's way of dispos- f 1 X^nufacturer's * odds and g
1 : W S p^S R K!oj ir w h ,te. l^^Mm^^m^m 2uc f%# HS^K^sl
1 >f wh&IWouSl v ¦;¦;¦;" '.'"«""; ; Ko Woman Who Is Seeking Full Yalue W^ SrSS^aSfflcS' .?S |
1 «i ™ s? SSSSS'SJSS v^w^l^mg^OBxUeeDgn. for Her Money g ssSfffiMfflSSa^ffi
I >jHp T ™ B^t- have LA • r<iSli P d a ffi 8 bo^?^?Jo^e? B pae SHOULD OVERLOOK THIS. also hemsmchcd and tu<*ed many:
1 if^S. DIES 1 WAISTS mfde^of te / ns: ix ln , ch€S Wl i? e: g S° d Bt j; OJ I* LADIES' VESTS, best quality Vega cOBSET COVERS-V and sauara I
« f\. M -^° edge ... ¦; Our prices make us busy. Only s n k . high neck, long sleeves, silk fly.. re ck^f)c. ' M
H tucked ahd hemstitched, with six rows ' • i^/zC extra heavy.^ best quality pearl buttons.- CORSET. COVERS with 4 rows «
H of extra fipe blind embroidery insertion, r^nt ?!,« TTilnrf *a rp^m Ti'rfl,* 0nmm«« necfe crocheted .-with, silk and drawn .Torchon insertions— H5c. . N
i adjustable collar, with fancy hemstitch- JUSl tflO-lfllllg'.tO Trim Ligllt SUmEier tj 1 ™^ with silk tape; well made, finely - LADIES' DRAWERS-Hemstltched or H
ti ed turnover: new sleeves with hem- ¦ Tlimop/x. nnishedr colors pink ana white: fast embrodiery trimmed— 10c. J • Mj
H stitched over-cuff; cluster tucked back. ' JJr6SS6S. colors. The economist's price 81.OO CHEMISE— Lace or embroidery trim- Eg
B We defy competition at this price^ > .' ARABIAN GALOONS v> m : - T .:^; , > Trinmied with a H
|-. ""<%$%&&£& • 1 -- 2o; B*B«ra"&nr^ Worth" Beading. dig^SnS^PSSSSSf-iS^ |
ir C /fiMff^A .¦^SK1S, th ffi n^YJ^^S^ioT^^To I^HV^SKIRT-Deep hem- I
m You Can Get Nothing Better to Lounge in &MS£G*M&\ two inches wide: good! sleeves, neck and arm size crocheted d 4punco-4.>c. |
«. Than a Kimona. """ strong and serviceable: with silk and drawn through with silk ,LADli.53 a«.iJti|=>— a nraraeu «'« «- m
1 S£d«BSa ? 1 s Ug or o e t Sor 1 fS ,^ h - M ™ s Fmd tie Best for -«¦'-. • ¦-¦™° -gffi. BftTSt «. »• « ™ .»»¦. i
g mlng front and sleeves, full length, ex- ; the LeaSt HeW. fhii^'c fnmfni»t Mnthon'c Inv counter No. 1. M
H tra wide flounce; our special $1.25 „»,, ™ miwi uw», tnilU S tODdlOn — "Il0lI16r S JOY. ti
I fiilPhPS RnPiiN K^ r 1 , 6 m?r W o n f -,«! It is the new FERRIS For ECOnOmM llmL^
UWhi ™« Sia , r - Why Not Have a Perfect Form ? mlM SmVeT exchanse .>£: Prices Here Tell Their Own Story, f
*^B?iV He was through selling * ,. , . --^s^?** J muucj "'-"- T VT -. Tra . pmrPTVATrnv «
I^ffl. them to thp stores W<» ,-en. j&ftSFi**^ You can by wearing <Z^- • • LADIES COMBlr«iAi.lor«i =
W resented one of the laree^t /fK»^k the new LA FRANCE . d».,'A M a^»» I.Bnn W..1, SUITS, made of best quality g
$&: ¦KwYortmlnu&ctJfev* /WBsSSffi HIP PAD. It is made of A Rdre OppOrtUIllty tO Buy WaSll <£gn American cotton; jersey H
fMr Rather than take thermback MIi&*§MYM the best Quality sterilized tt , ,. . J NT knlt - low neck - no sleeves. H
' fM- • there and pay cxSbag^ igP^ijJ- curled hair; extra heavy UnderSMrtS \ ) nec^^ d n &^;^XTun^ I
*?affi ease he sold them to us— 6t*»^^^TU|l»!a haircloth; no wire nor .._. _ „, jL „ .*«. .. V_/ - and drawn through- with buk g
™ fhe way samples Se Rene-- matter to At Prices Far Below 1 he Cost of Materials. frA tape; knee length, trimmed M
ally sold-at a liberal discount. They become disarranged; dressmakers and LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, made of [J] with four-inch crocheted H
are made of the very, finest fast black man tailors of. -the. highest art recom- best quality percale, black, striped or \T / lace. No better value any- H
chiffon- and liberty silks, in all the new- mend them; light in weight, weighing Hnen colored, white, stripe with deep •AW. where, note this ptfce..oOc jg]
est designs in chirrings,- 'tuck'ngs and less than two. ounces. Also light in price flounce, finished with hemstitched ruf- U( . ANOTHER -tLADIKS'B
finely pleated extra j long "ends; this •••— 50c fie. You couldn't buy the materials for 1/ VESTS, made of best quality H
reason's newest styleg :'; .' ; '^;.v. Sale. O'Farrell-st. entrance. this price, y. 5!)c LL American cotton, summer i
ilBORudhe noWi ¦ /'v. ' ''41 H(\ - - ' -^ -weight., jersey ribbed, high M
l2B0RucheVnow*\*l*l v; ' ; :'""'®1 T5 B f% V ft f\ t\ f Ein I" W%t% Bifi M A R1TPT STREET neck ; long or short sleeves, neck cro- B
S^OO Ruche' now/ ::">;¦''' -i/'^-r 5 aH IOC OlBVC^lBLO" S1D iUAKJ^Hl dl£l£i£il, dieted and drawn through with silk Kl
;6.(K)Rache/npw'4v^..rr^:7?...;eiJ.5O jyr IB UBjILiI DLII U Running through to 11 O'Farrell. tape. You. will never get this quality |
They wnr.-ri6t--last'-16rig-ar:this low IBUVUIlUfallW » * « TM# , ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ again at this price l»oc|
price.: Sale at ribbon counter. Mall Orders Solicited PHELAN BUILDING. ) PANTS TO MATCH, ankle length.. 25e M
IBQ&BBBBBBBBBUBIBBSBB!
| IF YOUR MOUTH IS MARRED, i
j Go to Drexler's. |
I His famous patent plates restore the I
| face to its natural lines. j
1. $15 plates during June made' for. ... $4 I
1 S10 crowns (Drexler's famous) for.. 93
j $5 gold fillings ....$1 j
% We have no students — all expert den- i
: tlsta. •¦ :. '
! Drexlar Painless Denial Co. !
I OF NEW YORK. !
I S. F. PARLORS. 1104 MARKET ST., I
I i . Corner Turk. I
I Send for our free book on care of i
[ - . tha teeth. .. jA. D. PLAW, THE HAMMER
TIJROWER, WHO WON
TWICE YESTERDAY.
George Gardner has received an offer
from Chicago for a meeting with Jack
O'Brien at 162 pounds. If a slightly in
creased offer is made Gardner will leave
at once for the East. , \
Gardner May Fight O'Brien.
THIRD CLASS.
Cunningham and Martin 21 21
dough and Atkinson 19 18
Games scheduled for to-morrow night: First
c i a9S^ Powers and Green vs. Levy and Euss;
second class — Collins and Converse vs. T.-
Lyons and R. Lyons: third class — Cunningham,
and Martin vs. Gaxtland and Bullion. -,
The finals will be played Wednesday even
ing. '
Collins and Converse 2t 18 21
Sherry and Cole- .....15 21 17
SECOND CLASS.
Olympic Club Handball.
The handball games played in the Olym
pic Club courts on Friday night resulted
as follows:
The selection of a judge has been left
to the president and the secretary. The
name of the gentleman selected will ba
announced as soon as determined upon.
This was determined upon at a meeting
of the executive committee held here yes
terday. President J. E. Terry, First Vice
President W. "W. Van Arsdale and Second
Vice President H. W. Keller make up the
committee on the selection of grounds.
Derby entries will close on July 1. Entr/
blanks will be ready next week.
The next trials of the Pacific Coast
Field Trials Club will be held near
Bakersfleld beginning on the second Mon
day in January of next year.
ANNUAL FIELD TRIALS TO
BE HELD AT BAKEUSFIEJLD
In the semi-final round for the women's
cup Mrs. J. J. Crooks defaulted to Mrs.
F. S. Johnson. Mrs. George Heazelton
beat Mrs. A. A. Curtis 7 up 6 to play.
Mrs. Johnson and Mrs. Heazelton will
play in the final round, which will be over
eighteen holes.
" The San Rafael course Is In excellent
condition, being covered with good grass
and not having yet become hard. Only
nine holes are being used, but it ia ex
pected that nine more holes will be add
ed. There is a good deal of enthusiasm
among the members, and several competi
tions will take place during the season.
In the semi-final round of the contest
for the second eight prize E. J. Hooper
beat Douglas Hardy 6 up 5 to play, ani
George Heazelton defeated F. H. Beaver
6 up 5 to play. In the final round, which
will be over thirty-six holes, Mr. Hooper
will play against Mr. Heazelton.
The three tournaments begun on Deco
ration day on the links of the San Rafael
Golf Club reached the final rounds yes
terday. In the contest for the club trc
phy, which carries with it the match play
championship, J. J. Crooks beat R. B.
Rorison one up after a close match. At
the sixteenth hole Mr Roriaon. 'was one up,
but Mr. Crooks, in spite of the fracturs
of a much-loved driver, took the next two
holes and won the match. R. Gilman
Brown defaulted to D. E.. Skinner. The
final round will be between Mr. Crooks
and Mr. Skinner.
ond Eight Prize and "Women's
Cup on San Rafael Links.
Tournaments for Club Trophy, Sec-
GOLF COMPETITIONS
BEACH FINAL ROTTNDS
Finishes Without Allotted Weieht.
LONDON, June 7.— In the race for the
Kempton Park two-year-old plate of 1000
sovereigns at Kempton Park to-day Lord
Dunraven's Salute, with J.-H. Martin
(American) up, came in first, but an ob
jection, was lodged against Salute on the
ground that the horse carried less than
his : allotted weight. The stewards will
decide thejpolat raised on Monday next.
First game — R. H. E.
Philadelphia 8 10. l
St. Louis 1 8 3
Batteries — White and Dooln: Wicker and
O'Nell. Umpires — Brown and Powers.
Second game — R. h. '- E.
Philadelphia 0 6 8
St. Louis ...7 10 0
Batteries— Magee and Jacklitsch; Murphy and
Ryan. Umpires — Powers and Brown.
BROOKLYN — Brooklyn turned the tables on
Chicago to-day, winning the double-header at
Washington Park. It was stick work that did
it. Attendance 7000. Scores:
First game — r. jj. E
Chicago 1 .2 ' 4
Brooklyn 2 7 2
Batteries— W. Williams and Kling; Newton
and Farrell. Umpire— Emslie. , ( -
Second game — ; R. H. . - E
Chicago 3 ii o
Brooklyn ;-.,-. .5 12 q
Batteries— Taylor and Kling; Kitson and
Farrell. Umpii* — Emslie.
BOSTON, June T.— Cincinnati-Boston game
postponed— rain. . 6
Pittsbur* 0' 10 1
New York 0 . 4 1
Batteries — Phillips and O'Connor; Evans and
Yeaser. Umpire — Cantlllon.
PHILADELPHIA. June ".— Wicker's wild
ness in the first inning, followed by a few
timely hits, enabled the Phillies to' win the
first game. They lost the second because of
their inability to hit Murphy. St. Louis hit
Magee hard in the last two Innings. Attendance
4000. Scores: -.
NEW YORK, June 7. — Plttsburg shut out
New York to-day. The home team could do
nothing with Phillips' pitching:, only one man
reaching second. Attendance 9100. Score:
. R. H. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
On i he ,,. par^ courts Meade Hamilton
beat William Quinn 6—3. 5—7. 6—2* Mis3
Beyfuss tied Miss Buswell 6-^3, 2—6; Qulnn
ai i d Hamilton; beat George James and R.
\V. /Turner 6-»2, fr-3; Clay,, and Huchkins
beat Peters and Miss Buswell 6—3 6—2.
Many . practice i matches were played yes
terday on the tennis courts. The ladles
were out in force and showed considerable
skill in their, matches with the crack
players. Of the ladies Miss Hunter, and
Mrs/ Kincald are easily the best players.
The former played Grant Smith and made
the tall sycamore of the courts extend
himself to win. The score was 6 — 4, 7 — 5.
Mrs. Klncaid also played a match with
R. K. Whitney, the score In favor of the
latter being 6—4, &— 4.
Other matches resulted as follows:
George Whitney beat Merle Johnson 6— S,
fi— 4; Frank Stringham beat Will Allen
6-3, 3— 6, 6—4; Dr. Noble beat A. Duncan
6— i. 6—0. 0—6, 6— 4; Herbert Schmidt beat
Jack Gibson 6—1. 6—2, : and Alden Ames
C— 2, 6—2; Miss Wright beat Bradley Wal
lace 6-4, 6-2, 6— 4; Harry Rolf e beat
Jumes Mackenzie 6— 3. In doubles Dr.
Lane and W. P. Bull tied W. Staub and
Mr. Rideout 7—5, 3—6; the ReV. Mr. Guth
rie and Harry. Rolf e beat James Mac
kenzie and Will Smith 6—2, 6—3, 6—4* Mac
kenzie and Rolfe beat Smith and Mr.
Guthrie 7— o, 7— 5. ' . -
¦Men and Women Compete on the
: Courts of the California Club.
Results of Park Games.
TENNIS PLAYERS : MEET
IN PRACTICE MATCHES
LOS A1TGELES PLAYERS JUMP.
Haimivan and Slag-le Go to Montana.
Toman and McPartlin May Leave.
LOS ANGELES, June 7.— Los Angeles
broke the hoodoo to-day in a most decis
ive manner. McPartlin's splendid pitch
ing, backed by fast fielding and a start
ling bunch of errors by Oakland's fielders
constituted a handicap that Lohman's
stars could not overcome.
Schmidt on third base and "Walters In
center dropped two flies that looked very
«asy. Schmidt threw wide to first base !
and home plate. In one inning only did
McPartlin allow a hit. In the third Dun
leavy. Schmidt and Walters hit the ball
one of them being a two-bagger. Mac was
wild at times, hitting two men and send
ing four others to first on balls. All the
locals fattened their batting averages off
Doc Moskiman. Householder secured a
two-bagger and two singles, while Toman
and Reijly, had two singles each. Hanni-
+ an l Sla , gl t, have Jumped to Helena,
" ,1 V ra ? k Bowman, who played with
the locals last season, will occupy left
field in Hannivan's place, for the present
2LX 1 63.S L .
Toman and McPartlin were also report
ed to be considering a change, but ilor-
ItLr CX ?t£ S *£ d $ he °P Inl °n that they would
stay with the Los Angeles club. Score:
• LOS ANGELES.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Toman, b. b. 3 2 0 1 14 n
XTaddell. 1. t 6 110 10 0
Raymer, 2b 6 12 0 3 4 1
Householder, c. f 6 J 3 0 2 0 O
Rfllly. 3b 5 2 2 12 4 2
Roach, c 4 3 2 0 3 0 0
Hfn» oa ' lb 3 0 2 0 14 0 0
Gibbs. r. t 110 0 0 0 0
Anderson, r. t 3 0 1 0 1 o n
McPartlin, p. 4 0 10 0 0 0
Totals 40 11 14 2 27 12 "i
OAKLAND.
, t , AB. R. BH. BB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f 5 0 10 2 13
Mohler, 2b 5 10 0 3 6 0
Gorton, lb 2 0 0 1 11 l i
McCreefiie, r. f 3 0 0 1 4 0 0
Devereaux, e. s 3 0 0 0 1 4 i
Dunleavy. 1. t 4 110 10 0
Bchmidt,'3b 3 0 1 0 3 2 3
Lohman. c 3 © O O 1 2 0
Moskiman, p 4 0 0 0 13 0
-Totals 32 2 ~3 ~2 27 17 ~8
Innings-
Los Angele* 11301004 1—11
n?? Se ., hiU '• 10412312 0—14
Oakland 01000001 0 2
Base hits 03000000 0—3
SUMMARY.
Two base hits— Waddell. Householder
Statistics show that one out of ; every
twenty-two Danish immigrants to the
United States becomes a Mormon.
Artvis Finishes in Second Place — Old
- England Is First in the
Broadway.
NEW YORK, June ".— J. R. and F. P.
Keene's fast ' colt. Dalesman, by Ben Brush-
Immerdale, won the Great American stakes for.
two-year-olds at five furlongs at Gravesend to
day. Results: '¦ ¦*' '
First race, high-weight handicap, aboutjjlx
furlongs — Josepha won. Khita second. Fair
Knight third. Time, 1:10 3-5. -
Second race, one and an eighth mllea. handi
cap — Colonel Bill won. Gold Heels second, Blues
third. Time, 1:52 1-5. ? v « ,«,
Third race, the Great American stakes five
furlongs— Dalesman won, Artvls second, Martie
Lewis third. Time. 1:00. ¦•
Fourth race, the Broadway stakes, for three
year-olds, one and a sixteenth miles—Old Eng
land won. Sunshower second, Connecticut third.
Ti Flfth 'race, °five furlongs— Cinquevalli "won,
Faust second, Gloriosa third. Time. 1:01 1-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards-
Lucky Star won. Locket second .Cougar third.
TJme, 1:45 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, June 7.— Fair Grounds results:
First race, one mile and seventy yards— Don
Luis won, Escrys second, Faverlet third. Time,
race, one mile, selling— Lillian M
won, Precisely second, Josie F third. Time,
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Balloon won, Hansborough second, ¦ Ben ,
O'Fallon third.- Time, 1:45%.
Fourth race. Club'. Members* handicap, one
and a quarter miles — Searcher won. Terra Fir
ma second. South Breeze third. Time, 2:05.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Frank McConnell won, Branch second, . Gilbert
third. Time, 1:46.
Sixth race, purse, six furlongs — Crimean won.
Fitzkanet second, Nlckey D third. Time. 1:14.
Seventh race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling — Nones won. Ladas second, Cogswell
third. Time, 1:44%.
CINCINNATI, June 7.— Latonia results: . •
First race, six furlongs— Sim "W won, Horse-
Bl'oe Tobacco second. Rice third. Time, 1:15%.
Second race, one mile — Secundua won, La
throp second. The Paxton third. Time, 1:42%.
Third race . six furlongs — Erema won. Orta
second. Prince Melrose third. Time, 1 :14%.
Fourth race, the Latonia Oaks, one and a
quarter miles — Flora Pomona won. Marque sec
ond. Walnamolnen third.. Time, 2:27.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Lura Lighter won.
Grand Mary second. Watoma third. Time,
1:01 3-5. -
Sixth race, one mile — St. Hera won. Boaster
second, Eleven Bells third. Time, 1:41%. v-
CHICAGO, June 7.— Harlem results:
First race, one mile and seventy yards — Last
Night won. Bedeck second. Miss Lisa third.
Time, 1:48 3-5.
' Second race, six furlongs — Gonfalon won,
Rabunta second. Rega third. Time. 1:16 2-5.
Third- race, five furlongs — Von Rouse won,
Mirance second, Watklns Overtoil third. Time,"
1:06 1-5.
Fourth race, Riverside stakes, one mile —
Moablna won, Harry New second, Luclen Ap
pleby third. Time, 1:48 3-5.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Articu
late won. Autollghl second, Prlma II third.
Time. 1:5G 1-5.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Prowl won.
Pyrrh{> ¦ scond, Ethel Wheat third. ( Time,
1:33.4-5. :-¦.:•;•
KEENE'S DALESMAN WINS
GREAT AMERICAN STAKES
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, June 7. — The largest crowd
that ever witnessed a game in Cleveland saw
the Clevelands take the last of the series from
Baltimore by hitting McGlnnity hard in the
second and fifth innings. Attendance, 12,735.
Score:
:./.< r. h. e.
Cleveland 7 12 2
; Baltimore 3 5 2
Game called on account of rain.
Batteries — Bemhardt and Wood; McGlnnity
and Robinson.
ST. LOUIS, June 7. — A base on balls, a sac
rifice hit and Burkett's long drive scored the
winning run for St. Louis in 'the- ninth inning
to-day. Attendance, 4500. Score:
R. 'H. E.
St. Loutg 4 9 4
Boston 3 8 0
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; DIneen and,
Warner.
DETROIT. June 7. — Gleason's error gave the
Pbila4elphia team their only run. He dropped
a thrown ball and gave Fultz a life at second.
Fultz scored from there on Seybold's hit. At
tendance. 4500. Score:
B. H. E.
Detroit 9. 14';;3
Philadelphia : 1 6 2
Batteries — Siever and McGutre; Wiltse and
Powers
CHICAGO, June 7. — Chicago- Washington
game postponed; wet grounds.
IMMENSE CROWD SEES
CLEVELAND BEAT BALTIMORE
Schmidt. Sacrifice hits — Roach, Anderson, Mc-
Partlin. First base on errors — Los Angeles C,
Oakland 3. First base on balls — Off McPart
lln 4, off Moskiinan 5. Left on bases — Los An
geles 11, Oakland 9. Struck out — By McPart
lin 3. Hit by pitcher — Hanlon, Lohman, Gor
ton. Double play— Mohler to Devereauac to
Gorton. Umpire— O'Connell. Time — 2:20.
MARSHALL FIELD, CHICAGO,
June 7.— The dual meet between
the University of Chicago and
the University of California
was won by Chicago to-day by
a score of 8 to 5.
Shortly after the games were called a
drizzling rain set In. This finally ended in
a terrific downpour, which put a stop
temporarily to the events. When the offi
cials again called the athletes to resume
the games there was fully two inches of
water on the track, while the field was a
miniature lake. Under such conditions
fast work was out of the question. The
best, race of the day was the 220-yard
dash, participated in by Blair and Senn
of Chicago and Cadogan of California. It
was a close race throughout." Blair, won
in a hard finish. The results:
SSO-yard run— Won by Cahill, Chicago; Ser
vice. California, second. Time, 2:03 3-5.
100-yard dash — Won by Blair, Chicago; Senn,
Chicago, second. Time, :10.
120-yard hurdle — Won by Cheek, California;
Friend. Chicago, second. Time, :16.
220-yard dash — Won by Blair, Chicago; Cado
gau, California, second. Time, :22.
Mile run — Won by Henry, Chicago; Tread
well. California, second. Time, 2:47 3-5.
2^0-yard hurdle — Won by Cheek, California;
Powell. California, second. Time. :2G 3-5. •
Running broad Jump — Won by Hopkins, Chi
cago; Hussey, California, second. Distance,
21 feet 11 H: inches.
Hammer throw — Won by Plaw, California;
Epreka, Chicago, second. Distance, 145 feet.
Pole vault — Won by Magee, Chicago; Wllcox,
California, second. Height, 11 feet
Sixteen-pound shotput — Won by Plaw, Cali
fornia: Spreka, Chicago, second. Distance, 41
feet 7% inches.
High jump—^Won by Powell, California.
Height. 5 feet 8% inches. Second place in
high Jump was left undecided, three men be
ing tied at 5 feet 8 inches.
Two-mile run — Won by Matthews, Chicago;
Kalamatlano, Chicago, second. Time, 10:35 2-5.
T.. I. Fitzpatrick, bond and. warrant
clerk; Louis H. Ward/ assistant bond and
warrant clerk; Police Officer W. H. Lev
ings, who took Lyons' statement after his
arrest, and'A. B. Mahony, County Clerk,
were examined, but their testimony con
tained nothing that has not already been
made public.
Charles B. Perkins, deputy in the Treas
urer's office, told about Lyons presenting
the order. - He said that it was perfectly
regular for a party other than the one
who had deposited the bail to draw the
anoney down. He said that in cashing the
order Lyons acted in his usual manner,
and Hid not have the. least appearance of
doing anything wrong.
Although the hearing of the case con
sumed the entire day in Judge Cabaniss'
court -and all the witnesses who could
possibly throw any light on the commis
sion of the fraud were examined, nothing
new was developed. Barrett devoted his
efforts while cross-examining the wit
nesses to show that no conspiracy to de
fraud existed between Lyons and Con
way, that everything criminal in the
withdrawal of the money rested on Con
way's shoulders and that the criminal act
consisted in his tricking Judge Mogan
into signing the spurious order.
J. M. Evans, who put up Jessie Hol
land's bail money, testified as to the man
ner in which he discovered that the
money had been drawn from the treasury
without his knowledge or consent. - He
also told of his having subsequently re
ceived $250 from Conway in place of the
money which had been withdrawn.
Judge E. P. Mogan gave a detailed ac
count of the mode of procedure in with
drawing exonerated bail money from the
treasury. He said that he did not know
of any connection that Lyons had with
the withdrawal of the Jessie Holland bail
money, and that Lyons had most certain
ly done nothing to induce the court to
affix its signature to the fraudulent order.
Assistant District Attorney Hanley ar
gued against the motion, and the court
took it under advisement until 10 o'clock
Monday morning.
The preliminary hearing will be finished
when • the Judge announces his decision
regarding the motion of dismissal, as At
torney Barrett stated that he would make
no defense.
Barrett said that the presentation of
the order for the withdrawal of the bajj'
money by Lyons for the accommodation
of Conway was merely done as an act of
friendship and might have been done un
der similar circumstances by any one, not
excepting the court or the District Attor
ney. • .
The preliminary hearing of Fred Con
way and Robert E. Lyons on the charge
o£ having fraudulently drawn down $250,
the bail money deposited for the appear
ance of Jessie Holland, was commenced
yesterday morning before Judge Cabaniss.
But one of the defendants was present,
as Conway has not yet been located by
the police. The prosecution made' rapid
headway. In presenting . the case against
Lyons, and before adjournment was taken
iu the afternoon all the ' evidence had
been ' submitted. When -the prosecution
had completed its case Attorney John
Barrett moved for a dismissal of the case
against Lyons on the ground that not a
single particle of evidence had been pro
duced to show that he had done anything
criminal. ..
Class reserve stake — Pasha Kennels' Regal
Attire beat F. Jones' Minnie Sankey 4-3; P. J.
Har?an's Partial Eclipse beat J. T. Kelly's
Governor Mac 4-3; T. Sullivan's Vagrant beat
Kelley & Hanley's Naughty Girl 3-2; L. J.
Hoffman's Jim Douglas a "bye," J. Hurley's
Alfalfa withdrawn: P. C. Blick's Yellow Tail
beat J. Hurley's Sugar Cane 7-3; A. Vander
white's Scotch Reel beat C. Glock's Alameda
Lad 5-3; J. Trade's Belle Racket beat J. P.
Thrift's Brutus 4-3; Aeneid .Kennel's Aeolus
beat Kelley & Hanley's Fearful Ship 15-11;
T. Jolley's Toronto beat J. Dowllng's Sir
Lawrence 6-4: Pasha Kennels' Real Aristo
crat beat P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold 5-2;
Chlarini Bros.' Sempronius beat .T. Cox's
Crockett Hill 7-2; F. C. Mack's Delia M beat
J. F. Rogers' Glaucus 10-1; A. ' R. Curtis'
Fly by Night beat M. Nealon's Pat Freedom
15-1; C. O. Peterson's Lady Nellie beat J. W.
Fahey's October Lad 8-2; J. Seggerson's Gold
Hill beat T. Jolley's Little May 3-2; W. Crea
mer's Golden Age beat P. C. Blick's Advance
Guard 4-1. ¦ ¦'••;
Third round — Pure Pearl beat Lord Granard
3-0; Woodcock Boy beat Lavender 8-6; Black
Daisy beat Rollicking Airs 9-3.
Fourth round — Pure Pearl beat Woodcock
Boy 3-1; Black Daisy a "bye."
Deciding I course — Pure Pearl beat Black
Daisy 16-0. :
Reserve stake— A. McLeod's Blonde Beauty
beat H. F. Anderson's Highlands C-4; P.
Reilly's Lord Granard beat L. M. Connells
Honest John 10-4; A. McLeod's Pure Pearl
beat D. Donovan's Railway Boy 7-4; Priors
Nellie Grey beat A. R. Curtis' Orlando 10-4;
G. Coombs' Rustic Arbor beat L. M. Connell's
Republic 6-0; D. Erskine's Lavender beat Pa
sha Kennels' Real Lassie 6-0; M. Grady's
Real Affected beat V. Noble's Reckless Ad
mirer 7-2; F. C. Mack's Woodcock Boy beat
Pasha Kennels' Lawrence 4-2; M. Nealan's
Fred Freedom a "bye," Reve d' Amour with
drawn; T. McCormick's Black Daisy beat A.
R. Curtis' Dragon Fly 5-0: F. E. Kilpatrlck's
Charming Queen beat J. F. Rodgers' Coldius
14-7; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat T.
J. Cronin's Peerless 4-1.
Second round — Lord Granard beat Blonde
Beauty 12-5; Pure Pearl beat Nellie Grey 10-0;
Lavender beat Rustic Arbor 8-6; Woodcock
Boy beat Real Affected 7-5: Black Daisy beat
Fred Freedom 4-1; Rollicking Airs beat
Charming Queen 5-0.
In the class reserve stake, which will be
concluded to-day, Jim Douglas is favor
ite at 3 to 1; Aeolus 4; Toronto, Sempro- 1
nius and Golden Age 5; Regal Attire and
Real Aristocrat 6. Aeolus had a long
course yesterday.
The results of yesterday's running, with
Judge John Grace's official scores, follow:
The sixteen dogs beaten In the . first
round of this stake will meet in a con
solation event. ¦
In the special stake which will be run
in its entirety to-day Sacramento Boy is
the overnight entry at odds of 2 to 1; Fly
ing Fox is second choice at 4 to 1; Game
Boy 5, Vandal 6 and Ireland, Fontenoy
and Tame Tralee 8.
Pure Pearl, a daughter of the -great im
ported greyhound Firm Friend, out
stripped the other competitors yesterday
at the Union Coursing Park in the reserve
stake. .
She defeated in turn Railway Boy, Nel
lie Grey, Lord Granard, Woodcock Boy,
and, in the deciding course, Black Daisy.
In the latter she led by four lengths and
won by a score of 16 to 6.
The only decided upset of the day was
the defeat of Reckless Admirer, a 1 to 3
choice, by Real Affected. 1 .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Kane, rf 4 0 1 O 0 O 0
McHale, If 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Nordyke, lb. 4 1 1 2 VI 1 0
Shugart, 2b 4 0 12 2 5 1
Iseahy. c 3 10 0 6 2 0
Holly, es 4 0 1 0 2 2 O
Jleilly, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 11
Delmas, cf. 3 0 0 0 1 0 1
Meredith, p 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Totals 32 2 4 4 27 11 4
SACBAMEXTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle. If 5 1 3 .0 3 0 0
Hulen, 2b 5 0 0 0 1 5 2
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 1 0 3 2 0
Eag&n, lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Law Ier, cf 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
TJnglaub, es 4 110 4 2 0
Graham, c 3 2 2 0 2 1 0
"Wagner, rf. 2 0 0 0 1 O 0
Thomas, p 4 110 0 3 0
Totals 34 5 8 0 27 11 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Eacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 1 5
Base hits 1 0 1 0 0 0 4 0 2 8
Ban Francisco ...00000010 1 *>
Base hits 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 4
SUMMARY. *
Two-base hits — Doyle 2. Graham, Holly.
Sacrifice hits — McHale. Wagner 2. First base
on errors — San Francisco 2, Sacramento 2. First
base on called balls— Off Meredith 2, off Thomas
2. Left on bases — San Francisco 4, Sacramento
6. Struck out— By Meredith 2, by Thomas 2
Double play— Unglaub to Eagan. Time of game
— 1 hours and 45 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Doyle carried off all the honors in sight
and would probably have had some more
had there been a chance. He cut off a
triple from Nordyke's bat and took two
more hard chances in left. He was there
•with two doubles and a single at precisely
the correct moment San Francisco drops
into third place again by virtue of Los
Angeles' victory over Oakland In the
south. The score:
The Ponies were buffaloed by Thomas
at all stages of the strife. In the seventh
a single by Nordyke and Hulen's error
put a Ponv to the good. Holly's two
cushion swipe and another misplay by
Hulea finished up the run-getting for the
day.
The struggle was a pitchers' battle be
tween Meredith and Thomas up to the
seventh spasm. Then the Senators took
a brace and began to swat the leather to
the four corners of the lot. Four hits,
including a double by Graham and errois
by Delmas and Shugart, were instrumen
tal In putting a quartet of the unfortun
ates on the last side of the welcome rub
ber amid great ado from the stands and
bleachers. Two more singles and a sacri
fice earned another in the final round.
The players were probably, the most
surprised individuals In the lot. After
Delmas flew out to Sheehan in the ninth
with two on the bags and two gone to the
pities the members of the Senatorial con
tingent stretched to their full length on
the diamond and remained out for about
two minutes. It was a clever stunt,
amusing the fans immensely.
Many startling and unlooked-for events
often come to pass In this city. Mike
Fisher's nine of ball tossers won the
money and gave the fans a severe shak
ing up yesterday by actually copping out
the game from the Ponies. The score was
5 to 2.
Endeavors to Show That All
Guilt Rests on Missing
Con way.
All Drop Down Like Dead
Ones When the Game
Is Ended.
Sacramento Boy: Is Favorite
for : the Feature of
To-Day's Card-
Young Greyhound by
Firm Friend Shows to
Good Advantage.:
Attorney for Lyons Says
... Client Did Nothing
Criminal.*
Land on Pitcher Mere
dith in Seventh and
Win Handily. I
SENATORS BREAK
THEIR HOODOO
BARRETT ASKS
FOR DISMISSAL
PURE PEARL
WINS A STAKE
BLUE AND GOLD
ATHLETES MEET
WITH DEFEAT
ARCTIC VESSEL
TO BE TRACED
Search for Evelyn Bald
win Will Begin Next
Month.
Leader of New ExpeditipD
Believes the Explorer
Is Safe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON,: June 7— William S. Champ,
secretary' of the Baldwin-Ziegler expedi
tion, is awaiting the arrival of several
members of his party before starting on
his journey to search for Evelyn B. Bald
¦w in, who is now* in the polar regions.
"While personally I feel the greatest
confidence that Baldwin succeeded in his
last " attempt to discover the pole," said
Champ to-day, "I realize, however, that
there is a great possibility of the con
trary. Consequently, I do not feel like
saying much until we can show that
something has actually been accom
plished.
"1 expect to leave Liondon. next Frlday
for Tromso. The Fritjof, auxiliary whale
vessel, which accompanied the steamer
America, which is now in the polar re
gions, t6 Franz Josef Land, is just out
of drydock. -
"We shall leave Tromso in July. I shall
first endeavor to find the America, which
I think has been wintering in latitude 82
degrees. Then we shall try to pick up
Baldwin and the rest of his party. It is
by no means certain that Baldwin will be
ready to return, but if all goes as I think
it will I shall be back in London between
October 1 and 15. There will be twenty
three in my party, most of them Ameri
cans. We shall take surgeons and medi
cines as well as supplies, as it is likely
the winter in the Arctic regions may have
left its effects on the members of Bald
win's party."
BROTHERTON EXCELS IN
LONG-DISTANCE CASTING
Gets Out Many Feet of Line at Stow
Lake — Walter D. Mansfield Best
in Lure Casting.
T. W. Brotherton sent out 124% feet of
line in the flycasting competition yester
day at Stow Lake. H. C. Golcher was
second with 117 feet and Ed Everett third
with a cast of 108 feet. Walter D. Mans
field led all the other competitors in line
casting and in delicacy. The official scores
follow: -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
26
or
¦ >
Delicacy.
F
I I if I
CONTESTANTS ;" jj}* o g fl S J j?g.
: '• 2." {? : P
• ¦ : • • 3 ¦
Youns 06 90 00.8 85.10 88 3 ....•
Muller 102 9G 00.8 82.6 86.7
Mansfield ........... 92.4 9t 85.10 89.1196:6
Edwards 94 • 94.8 90. S 78.4 84.6 03.2
Brooks '... 102 92.8 S4.S SO. 10 82.9
Brotherton . .., 124% 85.4 93 84.2 88.7 90.3
Battu : 96 90.891. S 78. 4 S5 85.2
Gclcher 117 91.4 8S.SI81.8 85.2
Heller 94 80 SS.4I8S.4 88.4 79.9
Skinner ' S9.8 91.SI83.4 87.6
Reed 80 90.8 03.8 82.6 87.6 ....
Everett • I
or
¦ >
Delicacy.
F
I I if I
CONTESTANTS ;" jj}* o g fl S J j?g.
: '• 2." {? : P
• ¦ : • • 3 ¦
Youns 06 90 00.8 85.10 88 3 ....•
Muller 102 9G 00.8 82.6 86.7
Mansfield ........... 92.4 9t 85.10 89.1196:6
Edwards 94 • 94.8 90. S 78.4 84.6 03.2
Brooks '... 102 92.8 S4.S SO. 10 82.9
Brotherton . .., 124% 85.4 93 84.2 88.7 90.3
Battu : 96 90.891. S 78. 4 S5 85.2
Gclcher 117 91.4 8S.SI81.8 85.2
Heller 94 80 SS.4I8S.4 88.4 79.9
Skinner ' S9.8 91.SI83.4 87.6
Reed 80 90.8 03.8 82.6 87.6 ....
Everett • I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wnw any man mar quickly rare himself after
v.«9 o! suffering Srcm sexual weakness, lost
vitality, nlsht losses, varicocele etc.. and en -
UMte^ small? weak organs to full size aad vigor.
oiS?niv send your name and address to Dr
kSlpp Medical Co.. 137S Hull building r^troiu
Sf c a h PP and they will gladly send the free r£
.tnt with fu» directions so any maa m "
•ainv we himself at home. This i s certainly
ilost generoua offer, and the foUowiniTli.
frmdSTtaken from their daily mall show 'what
!**£ thinlc of their generosity: waa5
m^Dear Sirs: Please accept my 8 lnce« thaak,
t « yours of recent date. 1 have given you*
ueatment a thorough T test and the benefit £»
b£n extraordinary. It has completely brace*
Jn? up I «" ust ?. 9 vl 8°rous as when a7tZ$
?nd y° u cannot realize how happy i am... °°*
••I>ear Sirs: Tour method worked beauti-
fully. Results were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sirs: Tours was received and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt u di-
rected, and can truthfully say it is a boon to
weak men. I am greatly improved In size
strength and vigor."
All correspondence is strictly confidential
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. Tha receipt
id free for the asking and they want every
man to have it. -
Irsures Love and a Happy Home to%
CURES WEAK MEN FREE, i
fEHlYTdYflrpiLLS
2iliS^ fcr CHICHJSSTER'S ESGJ^U
tf>M*»Sg»<V\ to RE1> »a4 fcold BifltjLilis box... «^^
«1 &V1 7. , bi " » fl)bol >- Take no other. Scfiu*
/ . .10 Oaum. Bay yt jo«r Oraggiu. or *md +e. ia
I * wf nuspc fbr Parti«a!ars, Tosttaaaalala
-A.LV. y tan Mali. l».Ooo TuUaaaiaKk Hdto
„ ZT^ J . •"•"Ill'* aiihtttwCta UsiC«I
SENT FREE_TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vi^or
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark*
bio remedy are being mailed to.iiSf"
will write to the State Medical Institm
They cured so many men who had £»?"
tied for years against the mental itnfi
physical sufferings of lost manhood ,tVt*
(be institute has decided to distribute /,£!
trial packages to all who write, u f' e °
home treatment and all men who *«?
ier from any form of sexual weakr^f"
resulting from youthful Jolly. p ££at«f«
loss of strength and memory, weakback
varicocele or emaciation of parts c j^
now cure themselves at home. • &ln
The remedy has a peculiarly erat^fm
effect of warmth and seems to act di
rtct to the desired location, Sf^T,
strength and development Just whVre £
ts needed. It cures all the Ills and &«'
bles that come from years of misuse
the natural functions and has been an
Rbsolute success in all cases, a request
to the State Medical Institute. 328 k7p£
wn building. Fort Wayne, indf *{«-
ing that you desire one of their free trial
packages. wUl be eompUed with prompt:
fy. The Institute Is desirous of reaching
tiat great class of men who are un?
able to leave home to be treated, and
the free samples will enable them to see
how easy It Is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The Institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a plain
package, so that its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment or publicity
Readers are requested to write without
4eUy rr ; : ; "••¦¦¦<¦•¦
1 The skin is provided with millions of little pores G^v-^\ j#f^"^ y$^3
and glands invisible to the natural eye, yet through ' fyv/^Sv >^IL.'.'"... =~- *" JJJ " Vx^^T]
these tiny outlets the larger part of the deadly matter f>/ Ij^Njffil)))!'' 1 \VS
that daily collects in the body is carried off. But nature L-/£J L3\^^UU/^^^ lj VJ
never intended that poisons of an irritating or acid
character should be eliminated through the skin, the Liver and Kidneys being their natural
outlets, and it is when these important organs fail to perform their functions that these acid
poisons are absorbed into the blood and find their way to the surface of the body through the
pores and glands of the skin, producing intense itching and burning, inflammation and
swelling, and eruptions of every conceivable size, shape and character.
Skin Diseases differ greatly in their general characteristics and degrees of intensity.
Red and angry looking spots break out upon some part of the .body with a mass of small
pustules or blisters, from which is discharged a clear or straw colored fluid, which- dries and
flakes off in bran-like particles and scales, or forms into hard and painful sores and scabs.
The skin often hardens and dries, cracks and bleeds from the effects .of the fiery acids,
which the blood is continually
throwing off. Pimples, black- ; Ottamwt, Iowa, April 10, 1901.
heads and blotches are evidences Jn 1883 ] broke ont with Eczema on my head, Ipg3 and arms. The
of a too acid blood which has Doctors treated me for about two years without giving relief. I next
;-»flo^«/1 ~~A «i~~ a\i. tried various ointments, soaps and washes, but these did me no good,
inflamed and clogged the pores. , final|y qult takiBfl med|cinef „ . tbe phy8iclan sald the disease D had
v Dkm Diseases being depend- become chronic and inoorable. Having endured this tormenting malady
ent upon the same causes require for about 16 years, I determined to make another effort to get rid of it
the same treatment, which must and began S. S. S. m July, 1900, and continued it until November, when
be constitutional and not external ' discovered, 1 to rey sarprise and jey, that not a spot could be found on
¦nt^v,:~«. n **M^A 1~~ 11 . 4. *.i.' my body, which before had been almost covered with the eruption. •
Nothing applied locally to the |t ha8 now beefl near|y a yeap sh]Ce the disease dl8ap p 8 i e - df . bllt DOt
inflamed surface can bring much a sign of It has ever returned, and I am satisfied the cure is permanent,
relief. The disfiguring eruptions F. C. NORFOLK,' I0I7 Hackberry Street,
will continue to annoy and pain ...•'¦ -
you in spite of soaps, washes or powders. There is no hope of getting rid of a skin disease
except through the purification of the depreciated blood and neutralizing and filtering out of
the circulation all poisonous substances and acids.
The purifying and tonic properties of S. S. S, .soon manifest their influence in skin
affections; the debilitated system is invigorated and toned up, and the gradual disappearance
of the eruptions show that the polluted blood is being brought back to its natural purity and
strength. Old chronic skin disorders , which have resisted all. the ordinary methods of
'.'•'•¦ treatment, "readily .yield to the curative
Q A I T R H F I I HH F P 7 F $M 'A P ow er s of S. S.;S., and there is no reason
wMLI nliLU I VI 5 , L %J fL L Ifl r\ j why the .long time sufferer should feel
« -• ¦» «. *- g~ « - mm « «rp g «« W . « m b resigned to his fate under the mistaken
ItS ! lH Wt 1 I L t' K M H idea that some skin diseases are incura-
7 . " ble, for S. S. S. ; b as cured and is still
PQADiAQIQ Af^jyET RflSi C curing cases perhaps far more desperate
r OUningiO; nUIl &., DUB LO. V than yours. ; S. S.S. is a purely vegetable
remedy, containing no Potash, Arsenic
or any of the poisonous drugs which constitute the basis of so many so-called skin -cures.
& Our Medical '-.Department has been-of the greatest assistance to thousands, seeking relief
from blood and skin '.troubles. ¦;;>"|W^te;^ls¦f^y.¦a&ut^yotl^ : case > and our physicians /will help
you; for which no charge whatever is made: ; Our illustrated Book oh Skin Diseases will be
sent free to^ll who write for it THE SWIFT SPECIFIC GOMPANY. ATLANTA, GA.V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stunning Wilton Rugs.
"THere are two reasons why we are selling more high-
grade Wilton rugs in carpet sizes than any one else in
town," remarked one of our salesmen recently. "One
reason is that our patterns are mostly exclusive and very
different from those shown elsewhere. The second rea- I
son is that we have the sizes people want." And the
funniest thing about the matter is, that we are not hav-
ing a "closing-out sale," nor are we selling them "at cost
or below." Folks simply say that our prices are RIGHT.
At $40.00-9 by 12 feet. At $47.5°— .10 feet 6 inches by
, 12 feet, At $60.00—10 feet 6 inches by 13 feet 6 inches.
At $55.00—10 feet 6' inches by 14 feet. At $67.50—12
feet 9 inches by 14 feet 6 inches. At $67.50-^-11 feet 3 '
inches by 15 feet.
"Roxbury" tapestry carpets we are. still selling at 75
cents the yard, sewed, lined and laid.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.UTotice to Passengers.
Hound tri:' transfer tickets now on «_le
•t any" of our. offices. One trunk (round
trip) 60 cents., Morton Special Delivery.
«o* Taylor - street. 650 Market street and
Otklaud ferry depot. •
Kal F. Martens, formerly captain of
the Government transport Buford. paid
m. fine cf $250 In the United States District
Court yesterday for having: triced up D.
Bcchholer. the tJiird cook.
C&ptain Martens Pays a Fine.
Low Excursion Hates— 11 Bays' Trip.
W first class, including berth and meal.-!
flan Francisco to Seattle. T_com_. Van
couver. Victoria. Everett. New Whatcom
•r.d if-turn. ailon-lng pas-senjrers ample
time to go ashore and visit the various
points of interest. For full information
apply at Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'s
t5clitt oflice. 4 New Montgomery street.
Droxmed Maa Found.
The rcmaJns of an unidentified drowned
man •were found yesterday noon on the
beach on Goat Island by a gentry. They
c fu« vc^ y much decomposed, even th*
clothing: having been torn or rotted away
The Coroner's deputies were unable to
_^y^.h?_ e Tde l^ fi P c T On ** the
The shortest, and now the most elegantly
?Quipped, line is the Lackawanna Railroad,
which traverses the most beautiful ecenery the
Allegheny Mountains afford. Through trains
mx% operated \ - ia this line from Chicago, Kan
•*» City and Bt. Louis to New York. It will
be to the interest of passengers to Inquire of
local ra-Uroad agents or write Geo. A. Cullen.
General Western Tacsenger Agent. 103 Adams
•treet. Chicago. j •
From Buffalo to New York.
The Trfll of John McGreary. who died on
th« 4th lnst., -was filed for probate yester
day. He divides his property, which con
sists of real estate on Minna, Jessie and
Mission streets. $0000 in bank and a life
Insurance policy for SjOCK). among his
four children. Mary. Elizabeth. Hannah
and Joseph McGreary. chare and share
•like. Mary and Elizabeth McGreary are
r.amed as executrices in the will.
Children Get Estate.
It was unanimously decided that the
convention ehaJl meet at 1 o'clock p. ra.
on Monday. September 1. The list of del
egates must be in the hands of the secre
tary on August 20.
John- T. Gaffey Eubmitted the following
resolution, which was adopted after some
debate:
Resolved, ttat, believing: that an overwhelm
ing majority of the people of California, irre
spective cf party affiliations, is in favor of
the afiniiEEkm as States of the Territories of
Okl&hoisa, .N'ew Mexico and Arizona, we
«-a.rne*tly urge the Senators from C&lifornia. m
the national Congress to use cvtrr legitimate
effort to secure the admission of said Terri
tories at this session of ConereM.
J. W. Goad of the committee appointed
t«> draft suitable resolutions on the death
of D. H. Arnold of Colusa County, who
died January 17. submitted a document In
memoriam of the deceased member of the
committee, which was adopted and or
dered to be tspread in full upon the min
utes. The committee having in charge
the drafting of resolutions to the memory
of Stephen M. White asked tor further
time, it announcing that it would report
at the State convention, when arrange
ments for the delivery of suitable eulogies
will be made. The committee then ad
journed. ¦¦¦-..": r--
WILL MEET SEPTEMBER 1.
The place for holding the convention
vas ntxt <iiscu££e<l. Former Lieutenant
Governor W. T. Jeter epokc in favor of
Santa Cruz and introduced Mayor Clark
•of the city by the sea as the man best
lilted to prttt-nt ihc claims of his city,
2.i:iy<>r Clark delivered a. brief address, in
which hi- F-aid that the people of Santa
fruz wiintcil the convention and tint
th*y w«ro willing to i>uy all the expenses
«.t holding it. lie thought the holding of
the convention there would result in roil-
Sag up a larger vote for the Democratic
ticket. Democracy was growing in his
county, as was evidenced by the fact that
he. a Democrat; was elected, as well as
ihre«! or fout- Councilmen and a City
•Jierk. The advantages of the climate of
Siinta Cruz \vcr«- dwelt upon by Mayor
<:iark, iind lie ciosed with a stirring ap
peal to the committee to select that cits'
as the place for holding the next conven
tion.
Mark Plaisted of Fresno advocated Sac.
ramento, and he was seconded by J. J.
"Wells of Tehama. Dr. W. T. Lucas of
j-'.'i tr.ii Barbara was in favor of Santa
fruz, and be expressed a horrible fear
that the mosquitoes of Sacramento might
liavc a tendency to scare the delegates
and prevent them from working in the
interests of the party. A vote being
taken. Sacramento captured the conven
tion, there being thirty-six votes in favor
of that city and twenty-seven for Santa
Cruz.
SACKAXtlENTO SUCCESSFUL.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee met at the Calif omla Hotel yesterday
with over sixty members present, and J.
C. Sims of Santa Rosa in the chair.
Thomas E. Curran acted as secretary.
Chairman Sims opened the meeting with
the announcement that Its purpose was to
issue the call for holding tnc next Demo
cratic convention n.1 a time and place to
be selected by the committee.
R. M. Fitzgerald, chairman of the sub
committee having in charge the prepara
tion of the call, rilM a report which was
read bv Secrctarv Curran. This was the
call published in this paper yesterday
morning. It provides for G>6 delegates in
stead of C2l', the latter being the number
heretofore.
Seth Wellington of Colusa said that
taany of the counties had already chosen
ihoir delegates to the convention, but un-
Oer the call their status was in doubt.
This Opened a long discussion, in which
Fitzgtrald expressed the conviction that
all eewjities having chosen their delegates
must uo the work ovor again in order that
the law might be fully complied with. It
was agreed that the laiv requiring the
• lection of delegates on August 12 should
!.•<- carried out to the letter.
CONVENTION CALL ADOPTED.
J. C Sims. Nicholas Borden, Frank *H.
' Uould. John Gaffcy. R. Porter Ashe, Seth.
itaan, "William H. Alford, Thomas O.
Toland, W. D. Crlchton, C. K. Farns
¦worth, Mark Plaisted, It P. Troy, Thus.
IS. Curran, C. O. Dunbar, J. W. Cochrane,
Ueorge B. McOauiey, iL J. Kerwln, R. M.
Fitzgreraid, Samuel Braunhart and Dr. \V.
'£. Lucas.
It was observed that
Dodge A. Caminetti, James G. Maguirc,
21. F. Tarpey, George S. Patton, lsadore
Dockwciler and llox Popper were among
the absentees.
The allowance of ons delegate at large
for each county gave rise to considerable
cUscussion. Senator Sims and ft. M. Fitz
geraid could not answer all the questions
relating to the operation of the provision.
This Question was a stunner: "What
would happen, for example. If a cicy
¦where the primary election law is manda
tory should elect a delegate at large, and
xlie county convention, composed of dele
gates outside of the city, should choose
another delegate at large?" No one was
able to say what would happen. The Re
publicans went up against the same prop
osition recently, and decided to drop the
delegates at large and leave everything to
the Assembly districts.
harness were ex-Governor Budd. Senator
The Democrats decided yesterday to
hold their nominating; convention at Sac
ramento. The delegates will assemble on
ilonday. September 1, at 1 p. m. The call
x'or the convention as published In this pa
yer yesterday morniny; was adopted. At
Uie session of the General Committee at
Uie California Hotel yesterday there was
a ecirited contest between Santa Cruz
and the capital city for the honor of en
tertaining the delegates.
Among the Democratic war horses in
Delegates Called to Assemble
in the First Week of
September.'
Sacramento Wins Out in
Fight for Convention
Honors. *
DEMOCRATS FIX
TIME AND PLACE
THE SA^T FEANCTSGO CALL, "SUNDAY; JUTs^E; S, 1902.
27
To Please Ourselves, to pleasa others,
' and.be'of material benefit to all, is
doings _ood by tho wholesale. ?
StOT) .Work, set out into tho country,
take your family with you, and you
will bt? pleasing everybody; doing good
to.! everybody, and making happiness
. In large quantities. > ¦-
¦.'¦';¦¦ - * -' x - ' ¦ -.
To Afccomplish' This it is necessary to
Unow^where' to" go, and "this yoii can
learn by getting a copy of "Vacation.
1902." :'¦/¦:
This little boob, "Vacation. 1902.", Is-
sued by the California Northwestern
Eailway Company ,\ gives complete In-
formation for any kind of an outing.
To bo had at ticket offices of Company,
650 Market street. (Chronicle Building)
and Tiburon Fern*, or at the General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
Sanaome and California streets.
Call or write for a copy. ¦ ;
II.' C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. KYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt. '
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer ttie Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools, are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resort's. Bowling,
; .AT
golf,' tennis and >plhg pong are among
ihe many diversions. Johannsen's Or- .
I chestra will toe there all the time.
Automobile coaching, from the hotel
i throughout the valley. - .
GEORGBP. SNEL-., Manager.
HOTEL VfcNDOME,
SAN JOSE, 'CAL.
PASO ROBLES -__
v-^w* Nature's own sclec-
F»||O tlon for a health and
X \J *V ' pleasure i resort be-
____ , _ -___^ " cause of the curatlv©
, HP A I TH properties of its mud
III . A\ 1 . 1 H I and sulphur baths for
¦ ' rheumatism, ln=om-
A lVTT\ - nia.. gout, neuralgia.
/_ fill liver.kidney and blood
. diseases. Has every.
T\¥ 13 A C*TTTY£- natural advantaare for
Ul PA llJUP pleasure, scenic beau-
IfLLAJVKii ty and balmy climate.
OTTO L NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 Market, S. F., Agl.
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Tho leading summer and winter resort of tha
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. ¦ W .
SCHROEDER, Mgr.. or call at City Agent, IX
Montgomery et. , . - - ¦ .
: A /Vl ES dfc MM R RIS
— — Inc.
TENTS, HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS,
CAMP FURNITURE. . r
100 Sacramento St. ' San Francisco.
Lake Tahoe Ry. and Transportation Co.
Lv.. Truckee (Rali) 7 a.m. Ar.Tahoe City S a.m.
Breakfast at Tahoe Tavern
Lv.TaboeCHy(Steamer)9a.m. ArTahoeCUySpm.
Supper et Taho« Tavern
LvTa-oeCltytRf 11)0 :30p.m. Ar.Truckee7 :20p.m.
TAHOf TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOti.
"NOT BETTER • THAN- THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests ,Ju_e 12th." Said
! to be "finest mountain hotel- west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try it and form your own opinion
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can epend more
If you want. to.- -. '• ¦ ' . ' I
For folder giving full description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write td TAHOB TAVERN, TAHOE CITX.
CAL. '-.-.--.' , ¦-:¦ ¦• .-. ¦ ¦• " '¦¦: • : ": '¦¦'-
THE TALLAC;
Lake Tahoe,' with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-'
vilion. Resident physician. •"
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac, Cal.
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
For descriDtive pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, 613 Market tt.
BROOTAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1.
.".To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge an.d 'steamer.' take ' ' 7
' \ . THE BROCKWAY TALLT : HO .
Over "our I short . cut.'.. It > meets the .morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays. .
LAKE TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel, cottages
and tents. Delightful camping grounds neaP
steamer landing: furnished tents to rent. For
descriptive circulars and terms address E. B.
Smith & Co.. Btatelina P. O.. El Dorado Co.. Cal.
* LUKB TAHOl»^|
Glenbrook, Nev. ¦. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottagea for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON S^RfNGS'-'
Open June 13. Connections by stage daily
with steamer. . Rates. §2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT. Proo., • Mc-
Kinnaj-E, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. B«st beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle: saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day, or $10, $12. $14 per week Postof flee, tel.
A. L.' Frost. Rubicon Park. Lake, Tahoe. Cal.
DEER P RK INN 'AN! COTTACES-
6 miles from LAKE TAHOE, Typical resting
place; €507 . feet elevation. Mineral E prlns».
Talte 6 p. m. train. 6. P. Send for booklet.
J,,B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal. ,
TAHOP-" INN',
Tahoe City, one mile from New Hotel.' Now
open. AVrite for terms. MRS. VADE BRYSON.
.prop. ' -. : \ . ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ¦
TRUCKEE RIVER
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
Ing unexcelled; flsh hatchery. Second season.
Send for booklet. W. C. Foulks, "Verdi, Nev..
Beet in State af BOCA. CAL.*.
Tor information ¦ addrees . Boca Hot*!. Boca.
Nev. Co.. Cal.. en .TRUCKEE KIVEK.
TROUT FISHINC.
Near the • ocean. Fishing ln! only mountain
trout stream- in San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. , C. P. MOSCONI. - Prop.,
Purleelma. San Mateo Co.. Cal.
THE PUBI.SIMA H0US£.
SO ID C0M0B1 HOME SSS^&o 1 ?,
altitude. No fog: climate delightful. Large or»
chard, vegtteb'.e garden. Hot. cold baths. Spring
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben; Napa. Cal.
SANTA CRUZ.
OCE-AN- -VILLA.
. Large grounds. • Boating and bathing free,
Free bus. Send for .circu»_r. ¦ C. M. CLARK
MT. VEEDBR FAMILY RESORT.
Kedwood groves. Elevation 1650 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit,
iron springs, bunting, mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
dress P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa.
The Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room: uew myrtle cottage; hunting, boating,
bathing toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc : free teams to our mineral sDrlnes, 15
kinds. E. Durnan. Laurel Pell. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
J^QRaNADO TENT CITY |
§ Coronado BeachrCal, gj
% BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, ? ||
g GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, 8
| r PING-PONG, DANCING; BOWLING §
o . and all other amusements, r with one of the finest bands ln tho West and several" fins' <S
v> orchestras. Economical, comfortable and amusing. • ¦ • : . ¦• . . ~
H ' O Round trip tickets from San Francisco novKoii ealo at: g j
S? -, , " Atchlson, Topeka 'Si Santa Fa Ry. Co., 641 Market St......... ....... .$24.30 S
* i> Southern Pacific Ry. Co.., 613 Market St. '..'.... \.'.'.. .'..... \ ;....$:i4.5O : fi|
g ¦; Pacific Coaet ;S.S. Co.; 4 New : Montgomery St.*........... ...... ..-..523.00 '• «
g ' . ¦:, ' . ¦' Including berth and, meals..-, ¦ • . 8]
Cf . •.Ground and water rent free for* one mon h with above tickets. ? x , , :¦ i g
O Persons brin gin 6 their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets 0
S ever the Santa Fe,6outhern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. ore not _!
8 charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this, P.
g l om well as the streetcar and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of S
: ; w * ICOpounds of baftfiage...': .' ' . . v ' ' ".""-¦¦' ' ¦ ; ".- ¦¦"¦ • ¦'¦•'_»
X ' Persons who bring their own, tents, : but not holding Coronado excursion «
g tickets, will haveto pay '$1.50 per month found rent, which includes freo o
§"'.'. use ot water.; /'."i •¦- '- : r ¦."¦¦¦.'.'•, '.•¦',;;'. ¦'."'. -\' ¦ ''¦!.'. V : ".'•'¦¦'¦ '¦'¦ { ''; '. '^- '.-. '•• , ¦' ¦:..' r iQ
y ¦'¦' Persons bringing their own tents canrent furnishings at the following <m
» prices per week (for the month of June 50 per cent discount): , .. «
S 'Double bedstead* wlth'sprlng and cotton' mattress, $1 25;. cot.' einglft.'-SScv spring S
¦« , cot, double, 50c; mattress. : single, 23c; mattress.. double.. 50c; pillows, 23c; . blankets " S
* 2Sc ; ! comforters, ¦ 25c ; : table, 25c ; campstool. . ; 10c ; . chairs,' i U3c : . rocking ? chairs, . 30c ; ' - S
<t< - gasoline stoves, '50c; oil stov«s, 25c; washstands, complete,' SSc; cooking utensils far V
I w ii three persons, 76c; lamp.- with oil. 25o.: . S
i <Q> Prices per • month • double the weekly - rates. ¦ ..*¦.:' • 8
ri ,.-;.. Furnished tent for one person; $13. per month. For two persons, $20. "and earh *%
O . additional' person ?5 per month. - Furnished - tent "comprises beds, bedding, tables ,'¦ S
8 wash stands, rocking, folding and camp chairs, cjean linen, towels, water, daily car* K
g 1 of tent and laundry of tent linen.' Tenta electric lighted. Perfect eewerasre. : • . .'«
i S For pamphlets and full particulars call on '- : ¦ O
|. ; PEGjCSiTOUmsi EUREAU, II Mcntgoroery St., San Francisco, Gal. . |
"~~~~~~~~™" THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtfs
- School will be open to summer
iuuNLO guests during June apd July.
n _ n( - . Superior climate. excellent
rAKK. table: reasonable prices. Ad-
__________ dre«« IRA G. HOITT.
HOTEL.
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service dally to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic- Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City. Et. Louis. Chicago, New York, Boston
and all Eastern points. For full information
address
L. M. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast- Agent.
126 California 6t.. San Francisco. Cal.
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
For stomach, liver and kidney troubles -
positive cure for constipation. New kitchen
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortensin and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Flv'a _*t»
bouses. Room for all. We have csoru testi-
monials from peoplo cured than all other
springs combined.
For further particulars and printed matter
at Traveler** Information Bureau, . 20 Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHER,
Adams Springs.
J
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mito
From Big Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to'Camoua Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write TEQS. L. BELL, P. O..
Felton. Cal. Opens June lst.
A splendid table for boarders; $12 -week.
¦ Tent|ng for those who prefer to keep house.
H. O. WICKES. Castella. Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plung*.
No staging. -Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry. 7: SO a. m.. 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE. 807 Sutter »t Phon«
Sutter 2371. 11 Montgomery Bt., or A. V.
MOUSE. Lytton. Sonoma County. Cal.
HOTPL, Continuous
' /v*AT^?O . Weather
S_J*rw - Report.
m f^°-- ¦"""-ft'* 7
— ,
Ci MP Tl VI OR HO TEL. camp cottage*
Wdllll lAILUA and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakepor:
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains,
at Hopland. I-cave Hooland at 12:30; arrive at
LaSeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs a:
7:30. New C-horse l-t-taasenger tourist wagons,
made to order for this stage line, with ail th*
most modern improvements. Passengers for
Lakeport .or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage- Line. Tickets can b-»
had at office Cat. ; Northwestern Ry.. 630 Mar-
ket St., or at Tiburon Ferry.
• - MILLER _ HOWARD. Proprietors.
V r <TFT_" SPRINGS— 3 miles from UMah.
&fendoclno Co. Natural electric waters.
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
i natural warm water direct from springs to
! tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Cry»-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table ftrst-claax
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
D JCHARTDSO-V'S SPTfrwG^ — Ten
I* miles from Chtao. Cal. Noted for being a
sure cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia.
: blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dee.l enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. .Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON*. Prop.. Ch'.co. Cal.
AR2IN SPRINGS— Most desirable in Lak«
Co.; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
Hlliard room. Round- trip tickets. S. P. offlc*.
$8. J. A. HAYS. Prop. ' ¦
HOTEL DE R-IDWOOD^ — Santa Cruz Mt9.~.
Among the grand old trees; board $S and
$10 a week: fare, return ticket. $2 SO. M. _.
COX. Laurel. Santa Crus County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery at.
T\ SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— TH13
homelike resort is located in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, 6 miles from Capitola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB, Soqucl, Cal.
Mountain View Ranch-^-Hotel. cottages,
well-known table. Phone, swimming, dally
mall; campers to Glen wood. Including carriage.
$;; 75 round trip. F. R. DANN, Santa Crus. \
\S7hITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
l W 8 ort in Sonoma County. Open all year
round. Rates, $8 to $12. Take Tiburon ferry.
Bus meets all trains. E. HA WES. Santa Ro;>».
ILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranch. 5
miles from Santa Crus; delightful boma
In redwoods: abundant fruit; good table; $6 30
per wk. MRS. WM. CRANDELL, Santa Cruz.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
Branciforte drive. 5 miles from Santa Crux:
daily ir.ail. fishing. 'home cooking. Addreai
MRS. CZARINA SMITH MILLS. Santa Crat
FARM; SANTA CRU3
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to lot.- fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H-
J. SEEGELKEN. Lcs Gatos Postof flc», GU.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San
Jose. Cal. — One of the best equipped on tin
coast. Every variety of water treatment, elec-
tricity, massage. X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL— El Verano. Sonoia*
County. Cal. Terms, $1 CO per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gcuailhardou. Prop.
R~ IVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 73 rm)
. Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. " Information at It Montgomery st.
Free bus. Lonjr dikt. phone. Fred Barsoti. Prop.
tNG'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazaden-
Elevation 1200 feet: among tho redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms, $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero. •
CISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
i ticulars "Information Bureau." 20 Mont-
gomcry st.. or MRS. L. M. 3IS5ON. Siason. CaL
BERGHEIM — Two mile* from Los Gaton.
home cooking. P. DISOUE. L03 Gatos. Cal.
STAGE LUTES AITD UVEBIES. ;
A^HONDATaiTd PESCADERO— Through t_»
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's. Wort's,
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R_
R. tickets to Redwood City, a *. m. train. 3d
and Townsend sts. ; 9 :20 a. m. from San Jo»».
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. .pal.
riri r CTiBT CC Uklah.' Tourists, camp-
CAULC MAUL-.} ers. hunters. Write t»
U.-A. Eldred for ratfa for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO — San -' Mateo and Pescadero
stags line, via Halfmooa Bay -and San
Gregorto dally all year; twice a day to Half- •
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
ASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-
Uta Tourists, campera. hunters, writ* JJ
H. Smith. Uklah.; Smith & Taylor, Willita. for
any kind of turnout. - , . ~
(>ILROY Fashion Livery; ffood service: rea_.
I rates. Ofc. Ollroy Spr. stage. H. Mayoctc
SANTA CRUZ — San Lorenzo Stable*. J Styl-
ish riss. Reasonable prices - ¦ :
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR, STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders ln all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R, R.; stags from Ukiah.
Call or address
, WiTTER P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
Main office and water depot, 810 Market
street, room &t, city.
R. 'McCORMICK. Manager.
. ' : GRANT'S.
Couple hundred yards fr n railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks,
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. . .First floor, one person - in , room, $0 per
week; two in a room, $16 per week. Second
floor, one person ln room. $S per week; two ln a
room, $1* per week. Will also. furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person in tent. $6 per
week: two in a tent, $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F. GRANT
Healdsburg. Sonoma County. Cal. "
HOTELOENEVA
AND COTTAGES,
SAUSAL1TO. Only- 30. minutes from the city.
Most beautiful location and marine view. Am
unexcelled summer and winter resort Table and
service of the best. W. G. GRAHAM, Prop.
„-_•-.¥ ': On line of Sierra Ry. ;
III) I tL. : : elevation 1471 ft.;
NEV1LLS, : : TOO , £ t elegantly ap-
•IAIWFSTOWIM : : pointed hotel in the
UAI>1EC> 1UWN, . : mountains; stop here
CAL. ; '• on your way to or
- •• from Yosemlte Valley
r-.I: TOCALOA1A "I**;
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties: fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m."
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & • WIFE % (formerly Mrs.
¦ ;] Leach). Proprietor*.
RUSSIAN RIV_T HOTEL.
One mil* from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure: hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. ' F. CARR. Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
. Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect; 1U miles from Trucke«. in an unbroken
forest. ¦ Further Information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery st.. or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee. Cat. ' \ -
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
. Nearest plac« to S. F., 2*& hours; S miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cura rh«u-
¦ matlsm, neuralj:!-, «czema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.
Dane-ins pavilion. $10 a week and up. Fre«
bua to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cat
JOHANNiSBERG
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL ;
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBUKG
JR.", prop... Oakville, Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE^VILLA.
• Town ' Home. Sonoma. • Will meet . guests.
Plearant location. Plenty Ehada: nlca drives;
swimming; fruits: ,$5 per week. HENRT PEL-
LIPSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal.
, WHITE SUIFHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST.- HELEN A.— POSI-
tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all tralrs. ; Board, including baths. $3
per week. Address W. • N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena. Cal.
Forrest aad health! m THE SIERRAS
ne»r OolUx ou O. P. K. R. Elevation jusi riijht —
21v0 1 1.— J36 miles from San Fr. No staging: good
table;fin«»stsce_ery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds sS.cOa week. Send for
booklet Orchard SpH_ S s, Colfax. Cal
THE CEYSE'S.
(Sonoma County). New management: rooms
plastered and hard- finished: new furniture:
new, ¦ private bathhouse ; ' hunting. ; fishing year
round: . white help only; bent livery; - cooking
specially *upervised by manager. Sea pamphlet.-
NEVAOA CITYi:
. Th«land of mines*,. pines ana sunshine. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex. Matchless climate,
mountain scenery, pine groves. ' famous ; gold
mines. Perfect accommodations. Keasonabla
rates.-,' ¦ - • r/ . - ¦ -¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .
riU AND THEIR
Scientific Treatment
' O — —O
O. C. JOSLEN, M.D.
The Leading Specialist
o — o
All my methods of UeaUiig men's dis-
eases are ba_ed upon absolutely scierUt-
nc principles. They are methods orls-
inal with myself. Like methods ara
employed by no other physician, nor
does any other physician or specialist
duplicate the results I obtain by their
use. Perfect results are conclusive
proof of ecientilic accuracy. I have
treated men only for fifteen years, and
my ability to effect thorough and ab-
solutely permanent cures has won me
the largest practice of Its kind ln tho
entire West.
I am always will-
ing to wait for my
fee until cure is
effected.
"Weakness"
That condition commonly known as
"weakness" ft in reality oue of the
most 'simple of men's ailments, and oni
that yields promptly and completely to
correct treatment. Fur generations
paet physicians have been handing
down a moss-grown theory to the ef-
fect that prematureness. loss of power,
etc. ere due to nervous derangement,
brought on through . excesses, and to
this day the treatment commonly em-
ployed by moet physicians and special-
ists is & nerve stimulating one that ex-
cites the organs to temporary activity,
but which in "the er'l cannot fall to
aggravate the real disorder. "Weak-
ness" is nothing more than a symptom
resulting from a tender, swollen an«l
inflamed condition of the prostate
Eland. This proetatic disorder is most
frequently due, to early dissipation or
to injury caused by some ; contracted
disease. My treatment la a local one
entirely, no stimulants or tonics bein?
employed, and is in every instance
promptly effective in restoring the pros-
tate gland to its normal state. As this
is accomplished full and complete
strength and vigor return. Such a cure
is absolute and permanent, and by no
other method can a Uke cure bt ef-
fected.
Contracted Disorders
- Every case of contracted disorders I
treat Is thoroughly cured. My patients
have no relapses. When I pronounce a
case cured there is not a particle of in-
foctlon or inflammation remaining, and
there is not the slightest danger Uiat
the disease will return in its original
form or work it6 way into the general
system. No contracted disorder is so
trivial as to warrant uncertain methods '
of treatment, and I especially solicit
those cases that other doctors have
been unable to cure.
Varicocclc
This tr.cst prevalent of all diseases of
men is also the most neglected, either
through dread of the harsh methods of
treatment commonly employed, or'
through ignorance of the grave dangers
that accompany the disease. Aa vari-
cocele interferes direcUy with, the cir-
culation • ami process of waste and re»'
pair throughout the organs, the ne-
cossity of. a prompt anU thorough cure
cannot be" too forcibly emphasized. I
cure varicocele in one week by an ab-
solutely pa!n!css process. My cures
are thorough and ibsolutely perma-
nent and are accomplished without th*
usa of knife, ligature or caustic
I cure every ailment peculiar to men
and in every Instance my treatment is
safe End painless. Write for my pam-
phlet. "LU-e All Your Years a Man "
Consultation free at office or. by. mail."
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
J049 Market Street,
Diagonally Opposite the Hibernia Bank.
ALWAYS OPEN.
Ths famous health and pleasure resort' of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDNEY. MALARIA;. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement.. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al •
ley.' Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips .
in Mountains or Valley. ¦
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person ln room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel". $1S per week
One person ln room, "cottages".... $11 per week
Two persons ln room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
.$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"....
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For Illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau,- 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office.
20 Montgomery st.. or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highland Springs.- Lake Co., Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
SK Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
• ¦ ¦ ¦ ... | ; - - 1DCS.-
Our famous bar.d of 25 musicians, including
»»• ¦' "feat cornet soloist. CHARLES STREEP-
_R of St. Louis. .¦¦¦¦.,
Daily concerts June 14 to Sept. 15. Phenom-
enal fishing. World'* records for rod and reel
angling. The Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
Ulass Bottom Boats. Wonderful natural at-
tractions. All outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
tel and Camping accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a special feature.
HOTEL MBTROPOLE,
Enlarged, lighted by electricity and in ' all
re*j>ects up to date.
GOLF, • TENNIS. DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full information, illustrated pam-
phlets and steamer schedule apply to
¦ • .BANNING CO.,
222 S. Spring St., Los Aneeles, Cal.
QISJIf*f*O S 0T SPR ING3. EONO-
un/s LJlJCt £* A COUNTY: only 4fc
\JI\riKJ%J\J hours - front - San . Fran'
; , ; Cisco and but 0 miles"
staging; -waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural hot mineral water bath in State:
boating and swimming ln Warm Springs Creek-
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail, express and Ban Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 CO. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a, ro.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a.' m. only. -Rates $2
•a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery et.;. also at Traveler office 20
Montgomery . «t., or of ¦ J. F. "MULGREW
Skaggt. Cal. . . . '
A SPRINGS
Napa County.
Reservations for rooms should, be
,. - made in advance of your arrival.
; Crowds are coming to this popular
: , resort. A pictorial booklet to you
L - for the asking. . . ,
! EDW..L. SAXFORP, Manager.
S THE seaside resort of Central California I
I — enIar _ ed »'mprovecl— per day $z upwards I
j | — fi ne v orchestra — n o w open, send for I
j | booklet. Address for hotel, R. Ml Briar*. "I
jM^orcottages, F.--. Reanier, Capitola, Cal. |
- .dr cr. '<_:.<-> do < iv »=i tit-' ««
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
port on the Coast. Tho greatest remedy for
lung dtseaee, liver and stomach complaint*,
rheumatism ¦ and catarrh ln the. woria; ¦ 4C
miles from S. F. The S.-P..R. n. and S. F.
& N." P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
•30 cottages and tents furniehed; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak. at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
the grounds at reasonable rates. • Inquire of
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office I021»,$ Market
St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco. '
AGUA CALIENTE.
Also known as California I Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. • Splendid
t»blc. Come Sundays and try it. . Round trip
$1 10. ' Telephone; many improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor.
Agua Callente, Cal.
SfclGLER SPBKGSs™
unexcelled, for rheumatism, malaria. , stomach
diseases, f wjmming, I billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave.. or
' Seigler Springs, Lake Co.. H. McGOWAN, prop.
KfcAMATH KOT SPR'NCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect On Klamath River.
Rates $2 'and $2 DO per day; $10 to $11 per-
week Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.,
,or addree-i EDSON BROS.. Beswick. Sisklyou
County. Cal.-. ¦¦¦--,' ;"--•.".':.'- ¦- . ¦ -i ."
UftDrpfltC /Among tho Pine, Mountains.
II UDL(\V» C California's choicest .climate-.'
The place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
ming croquet, hunting. .fishing and the best of
nuals. Rates $8 per week. For further I nfor-
mctlon inquire 10 Montgomory st;. or Hoberg's,
Lako County. ; MRS. M. HOBERG, Prop.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY. CAL
<:^ F . Or hea i^ and P'easure go' to Napa So«W
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful.
: f «Pa valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
I i^'t {\ 3 c°. a : m - and 4 P ; ln - Address
j DOLLMANN Vfe JACOBS. Napa Soda Sprlnga.
1 9~ : • ••-•¦•¦'•' ~ ; " .'-o
I BARiLETf SPRusGj
Here is an opportunity to gsvin Health and
fetrength ; also, have a pleasant vacation.
RATtS ? cte ? 510 to $15 per week. Eonse-
uh i w. ktepug Cotttgei 43 to *15 per week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & JC. W. Railway and a P. Co.
" AMUSEMENTS..
. GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Uahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet. Billiards. Shuffle-Board. Ping Pong.
Livery, Burroti; Swimming Tank 20x80-
Hot Water.- Vapor, Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths: competent Massasists; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing-
Shady Drives and Walks. ,
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O.. Bartlett Spring*,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street. San Francisco.
C- ' . . . O
CAMP CURRY
Arrivals, May. 1001 80
.Arrivals, May, 1902...' 802
Office, Peck's Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery, »t. •
YOSEMITE.
Byron Jiot Springs
98* CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL.
I New Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
I Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect.
! ed; sure cure for Rheumatism and Malarta.
! Only « hours* ride. S. P. R. R., 0 a. m.,
5 p. m.; no staging. Address MANAGER
LEWIS. Byron Hot Springs, Cal. Call on
j LOMBARD & CO.. SO Geary Et.. city.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE 8T AGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumn*
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2Vi hours first afternoon and
0 hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley
5 p. m. Send for illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE, Gcn'l. Agent. 630 Market st.. opposite
Palace Hotel. 8. F.J tel. Black S571.
01 : II I Napa County. The most
\T Pi 01 Oil 0 charming epot in Califor-
Ull I u llJ 1 1 Li nia - Ideal for a summer
• Wl1 ••WIWIIJH vacation. Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roads, i i Good hotels.
Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday.
12.50. Take boat foot of Market street, 7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m. • ¦ . ;¦ . •¦ . •
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating. Bathing. ' Fishing and Hunting; new
tiyinie court, ! mineral springs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet." O. WEISMAN. : Mldlak*
P. O.. Lake County, or call at office ofC. N.
I W. R. R. Co.. «0 Market st. , ,
HOWELL ML, WOODWORTH'S
' Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. ! Purest of spring 1 water. Hotna
fiult, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Term* $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
__R, St.: Helena,. Cat. *
«. - J ' «.^»— » In the heart of the Sant«
Row_trQciui^n cnjz w*^ f*
tor a daily »»lt water swim. Redwoods and sea breeses
— a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free
Pec!c'» Information Bnreau, II Montgomery Street,
S. F.,or B. Dickinson, Leesee, Ben Lomond, CaL '
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and ben appointed hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
, newly renovated; new furniture. R' C CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills. Cal. For
information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
! reau, 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. Cal-
boun. Proprietor. • •
OWN A DOHE^tS^-CAKPMLEKEJI
Free from fcg and wind. Lets $10 up. Cot-
tages built $60 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, etore. postoffice. Sausalito ferry. S3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County. . .
HI! -1 f\ If H0T SPRINGS — Water,
III !<P I k W cll ~~ te . scenery unsur-
B1 I 8 3 I I P a s se <i- Camoing ~. prlvi-
Ulk *-» I leees now. Trains from
¦ ii.ii i mi Third and Towr.ssnd sts.,
t ti a. m., 2:45 p. in.; Literature on application.
' R. ROBERTSON. GUroy Springe. Cal.
COf CRESS SPRINGS.'
A charming reiort in the Santa. Cruz Mts.:
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cll-
• mate; swimming and all sporU; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast: open
all .the year.- E. H. GOODMAN, Manager.
DUNCA V SPklNUS.
¦ Two miles from Hopland: best medicinal
waters In the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendocinft Co.. CaL
WHITE OOTTACES.
Howell Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; j dally
mall; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $S per week. : Write
>IRS. J. H. OOETSCHE. Angwin. Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Sleson. Afidress H. McGulnness.'Prop"?
EL MONTE HOTEL. Eisson, Cal. Exp«-
rlenced guides at hotel.
"THE GROVE,"
Lake Tahoc, half mile east of Tallac. v Rates,
$2 per day, $9 per week; meals, 50c; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P.. Cal. ;^ : .'. . '
SARATOGA SPRINGS
¦ Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st.,ior
R. R. office. 650 Market, or John Martens,
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co., Cal.
•-'.¦¦ MQUNTA N HOM E
At foot of Lorn* Prieta, highest point "in Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
patseed. ( Stage at Madrone I Monday. Wed. and
6at. >Traln leaves S. F. 9 a. m. daily. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagaa. Cal.. Prop.'
HOTEL EL MONTE,
: LOS GATOS.^ ;
Under new management.. Now opeu-:for
business. Rates. $8 to 515 per week. :
SUMMEft RESORT,' •
Among the: Pine. Hills: altitude 2021 feet; $7
per week; first-class accommodation. Before
Kcirg Oswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate. Placer County. Cal.. ' : \ .-¦•
AMONG fTTHE rPINES^
Altitude 2024 fcet;plcnty of cream ,fruit,ietc;
near P. O.: horns cooking; L.. D. phone; no
consumptives.- Address ROBERT F. WAUHAM. j
-I Appltgate. I'lacti County. California. ¦¦e{$y;\$>T',\
AUVEKTISEMENTS.CHARLES ;W. REED TO , SPEAK.— Charles
Wesley Reed will BDeak at .the Academy of.
Sciences building this evening on "The Munlci-'
pal Ownership League and the Necessity for
Its Existence." " ..¦':.' '
Low prices and good work . in - making
over furniture and mattresses. '. Hbpke
Bros., 411-413 Powell st. Phone Bush 421. •
By the end* of -this year the. capital of
Mexico will 'have a sewerage system cov-'
ering the whole city.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.'
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay. •
CAUGHT BETWEEN CARS.— Mrs. Were
lein of 1737 Shattuck avenue, Berkeley, was
caught between two cars -while attempting to
cross - Third street yesterday afternoon. She
luckily escaped with a few slight bruises.
port to Ho Yow each day for instructions.
At all times the men will co-operate with
the regular detectives. A system of lib
eral rewards will encourage them in their
duties. -The amounts are $300 for the ar
rest and conviction of a murderer;' $50 for
the conviction of a robber, and $10 for as
sault and minor cases. '
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills
Purify the blood, cure Biliousness and Habit
ual Constipation. Chocolate coated. 10c, 25c
boxes. .•-.:-. ' * • . . ¦ . •
Milton Hechhelmer, . proprietor of a
cigar stand at O'Farrell ¦ and Powell
streets, was arrested yesterday by De
tective T. B. ' Gibson and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of forgery. ' He
is accused of forging the name of John
D.-.Spreckels to. orders for goods. Mr.
Spreckels swore to the complaint before
Judge Cabaniss.
Forges J. D. Sprcckels' Name.
The Chinese Six Companies and Consul
General Ho Tow will exert every effort to
suppress the crime now rampant in the
Mongolian 'quarter. "At a meeting of the
organization held Friday night it was de
c'ded to employ, and organize a regular
and independent corps of detectives and
private watchmen, whose duty it will- be
to apprehend criminals and assist the reg
u-ar; police force in bringing them to the
bar of justice. Consul General Ho Tow
was given the authority to name and em
p.py twelve . capable . and experienced
¦white men to act as: patrolmen and an
°vK2 r to m arshal the squad as a sergeant
i ;^ he 4 esisn ot the Chinese , commercial
bodies in assigning a private police force
to duty in their territory is to break uo
and suppress a notorious gang of high
binders that has been committing crime
and depredations for many years. The
increasing boldness of its work during
the past few months has been the occa
sion for much uneasiness among the-mer
chants, and the acUon taken Friday night
was deemed a necessity. The squad will
be fully armed and equipped and will re-
There was no formal programme yester
day at Hincon. Grammar School on' Silver
sli eet, near Second, but . the prlnjApal,
Madame Pcchin, called the: entire school
together to see the distribution of medals
and diplomas. .The graduates recited
"The Building, of the Ship" and "The
Flower of Liberty," and .'the grammar
grades sang "America" and "God Ever
•Glorious." Madame Pechin then.distrib
uted diplomas-^to the entire . class, and
Miss Christine ¦¦ Hall awarded medals to
Mary Rooney and John Madden. ,
Award Medals and Diplomas.
Twelve Men and Ser
geant to Be Employed
as Detectives.
PRIVATE POLICE
FOR CHINATOWN
The registration of 1902 shows a marked
increase over that of 1900,,: being .13,658 up"
•to date,, as' against 7406 for the previous
general registration of ; two years ago.
Many: citizens have availed themselves of
the opportunity afforded of registering in
the evening's,, as the office remains open
from 7:30 -to. 10 p. m. ..
The Foriy-second District leads in the
Great Increase in- Begistration.
¦ number of voters enrolled, having 1064.
The Thirty-third has the smallest list, 501.
The following shows the registration for
every district: \
Twenty-elgrhth, 726; Twenty-ninth. 736: Thir
tieth, 71S: Thirty-first. 572; Thirty-second, SCS]
Thirty-third, 501: Thlrty.fourtb. 461; Thirty
fifth.: 7t4; Thirty-sLxth. 753: Thirty-seventh.
1001: Thirty-eighth, 1018; Thirty-ninth, UOG;
Fortieth.. h30: Forty-flrst, 794; Forty-secor.d,
1(XM; Forty- third. 798; Forty-fourth, 008; For
ty-fifth. C04. Total. 13.6C8.; X.
'The /second week 'will begin Mo-morrow.
750 more regular ' %Vi men's all-wool "suits
will be sold for $5 83 a suit. . Other goods
will be shipped from St. Louisand arrive
litre about "the 1st. of July. Thb'" goods
now in the. store, must be .disposed -<3t.
There are only three weeks left and every
g&rment will be sold. The brisk stir " i*
manifested: The public never bought,', the
trade never-sold such values in-.-tweeds,
serge, casslmere in black and blue, fancy
cheviots,- stylishly made. People that will
not take advantage of these opportunities
either do not t care to save about $5' on a
suit or are too lazy to go ' out of their
way to save it. Plenty for everybody.
750 men's all-woob suits a and overcoats
worth- $15 ..will be sold for J5 85 at the
clothing • manufacturer's sale of the
Lyceum, 915 Market st., opp. Mason. *
Come ;Baght Along.; Don't Delay.
' ; Ninth gradfr-^Victor. Kllnker, yamlllo Rossi,
Charges G. Lee, iJa,mesj.McCarty,.-.Yoien* Lee,'
Dolores Osegueda,'-Ra* Hoffman,' :X*ou1b Paul
son, 1>aniel Cooke/Joisepli Nodder.vLbuis'-Lcnci,
William' Maas, John"BelIando,; James-Wood,
Howard :Stackpole; (David ;TletJe, pharles : Ar-:
clerl, Robert Wilson,- Bessie. McKenzle/ Edwin
Stromberg. Ronald, .Blssett, <Charles ¦ Bartels,
Dominic Briglia, 'Auerlio T. -'. Musante, . Joseph.
Glassman. Louis Galll. Louis Ferrari. .Emily
Baron, Alvinia.- Sethmann, Edward Lsvcronl,
James McGreevy.r Charles Stone, Milton ' Sal
berg, Joseph Osegueda, John • Mathews, JEmello
Canepa, John Williams, ATjhur Chin. . .
liam Daj'. : Robert Delltrtjr,' Clarence Dructer,
Mary Franck, Ernest: ChlwUi, Sol GrMD,";Bes
sie M. L/.-Gee, Otto Hoffmann; -Walter Jurl,
Gus i Jjtonts: Mearber, • Romeo Pelle
tierl, Hynek Posw*, Sparrow i Purdy, William
Rahe, Irwln Rothman, Harry .ScbeTCBli. , '•. .
• ' The affair wa» in: charge of H'.iW. Me-
Nair, §. V. Costello and. William M. Ma
guire..-.
The members, of, the : Monticel'lo . Club
gave a very enjoyable summer jinks '.o
their friends at the rooms of the club, 23
Kearny street, last night.- A large crowd
was in attendance, and the rendition of a
choice programme extended far into the
early, morning .hours. •'..-•-. ' ¦ •¦
President Barney- D." Murph'y was .the
sire, and he acquitted. himself in a humor
ous • manner. ¦ Plenty, of fun was guaran
teed,' and ¦ the promise was well kept. Su
pervisor Brandenstein declared himself on
the subject of the main chance, and Pat
rick.Boland told some Irish stories in his
own .inimitable --'style.' Edward Moran
spoko of the humorous side of civil ser
vice, and Hu Jones, delivered some wise
laws concerning the. law,, past and pres
ent. Homer Henly • sang and William Mi
Maguire discoursed upon - the best meth
ods of tying and handling four-in-hands.
.Supervisor Braunhart occupied a brief
moment in telling, what he knows about
.the, purity of the election; laws, land Por
ter Ashe told a pitiful tale" of the woes of
an assistant prosecuting attorney. The
sleight-of-hand performance of Professor
Alfred Bengon* :as enjoyed. ; . .:
President Barney } D. A Muxphy
Rendered During Evening.
Interesting ' Programme Sired by
MONTICET/LO CTLTJB
HOLDS STnvnWF.B JINKS
The twQ men directly concerned wera
great friends. Lapique claimed
to have Maysounave's note for $1000. The
last named denied this, and finally swore
to a warrant for Lapique's arrest for for
gery. •¦ When 'the matter, was brought to
trial the principal , evidence against the
accused was the testimony of , a hand
writing expert, who stated that the sig
nature to the alleged note was a tracing
ofthat of another document, which was
an exhibit in the "case. . Evidence vfas in
troduced by the defense to prove- that the
exhibit was not In existence . until the
note had been: presented for"payment. The
testimony was very conflicting, in -many
important particulars, but the -jury re
turned a verdict of guilty. - . .
After . the trial Charles Smyth" stated
that^Maysounave had informed him that
he had made out the note at the request
of Louise Lagarde, but that as he bad
never received any payment from her ha
did not intend to lose the $1000. The Judge
refused to 'grant a new trial on this show
ing and the casev was appealed. - . ¦ - .'- i
.: ;The:- Supreme Court holds that the case
against Lapique was a very weak one to
start . with and the court's ¦ rulings .vwere
very. prejudicial to the defense throughout
the trial. It is-also held -that a new. trial
should have been allowed when 'Smyth's
knowledge of the affair became known.
. John Lapique, . who. was convicted of the
forgery of the name of Philip Maysou
nave ; to a promissory, note several years
ago, was granted' a new trial by the Su
preme Court yesterday. The ground- for
reversal- of .the lower court's judgment
is insufficiency, of evidence and erroneous
rulings. -The. former trial .was attended
with, a great deal of interest, as all of th3
principals were prominent members of the
local French colony, and many persons of
high standing were drawn into the case
as witnesses.
Case Against Defendant Is
\ Held to. Have Been
Supreme Court Discovers
: Many vErroneous
GRANTS LAPIQUE
ANOTHER TRIAL
JTHE SAX FBAycISCO a CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE S, 1902. V
Henry Bacber. Raymond Belinge, Peter
Berg,: Gerald Catania, Joseph ' Catania, Abel
Chaiwnct, Leo Chrietenscn, Joseph Daneri, Wil-
High Echooi— Frank ," Leahy, Ida ' May. Helen
Meagher. Attlllo S. Musante, Charles H. Ran
dall.,-. .
Those who were promoted in, the High
School are: ¦ . • ' . .
The graduating exercises; of the -Wash
ington Evening- School were' held last
Monday night Rt Native Sons* Hall. -•; ,A
large audience was present and a splendid
programme was rendered.
Following is the list of graduates: •
Washington School Oradtiates.
Amy Arney, Lizzie Ferguson, Emily Grell
roann. May Haslip. Eda^Hennlng, 'Hilda Hol
termann. Nora Jessen, May Kerrigan. Annie
Lawton, Anna^Dhlandt, Matilda Renn, Ger
trude Sullivan. Alfreda Thompson, Lucy Tlllie
and Meta Wind.
The Columbia Grammar School, on Flor
ida street, -between Twenty-fifth .and
Twenty-sixth streets, held its closing ex
ercises on Thursday last.". Denman medals
were awarded to Genevieve Fay and Ma
bel Hanson. Joseph F. Vizzard won, the
Bridge medal. The honorary pupils were
Annie Erikson, Ellen Erlandson, Gene
vieve Fay, Mabel Harrison. Jessie Me-
Naughton, Leopold Rofer, Helen Salter
and Joseph Vizzard.; . The entire class
graduated. Their names follow:
Entire Class Graduates.
Edna Moock, Frieda Pape, Alma Rudolph,
Mary Redmond, Alice Rooney, Edna • Schultz,
Fannie Sugarman, Elsie Thurman, Lizzie
fcmlth, Laura Fraser, Ethel Gaffney, Marlles
Hahn. . Mabel Paulsen, Lydia Althouse, ftena
Bender, Kssie Clunan, Lea Cauwet, Annie
Eissler, Natalie Evers, ¦ Annie Dorgan. Scran
Friedman. Nellie Just, Dagmar Kelso, Annie
Kilday, Rose Gaffney, Alice Mehlhop, Roscoe
Bacon, Nathaniel Bercovitz, Llewellyn : Jones,
Lloyd Roberts. Albert : Schulken, William
fesilth, Harry Werner, Adolph Wehner, Carlo
Torello, Charles Hallowell. .
Diplomas were awarded on . Friday aft
ernoon at the. Mission Grammar School,
on Mission street, between Fifteenth ani
Sixteenth, by the principal; Miss K. Crow
ley, to the following pupils:
Principal Presents Diplomas.
Elsie Schon, Otto Klahn. Ed Molloy, Leonie
Lawrence, Etta Edwards, Leslie Cresswell,
Gertrude Whiteside, May Reilly. Alice Potter.
Gus Peck, Clara M aimed y. Louise Boepple Jen
nie Garren. Lillian Middleton, Hazel Hooper,
Gus Birgxen. Elsie Hlnderer, Clifford Curry,
Hall Thorpe. Amelia Garnaud and Kate O'Con
nor. *¦;¦*•¦ ~
The graduating exercises of the Fair
mount Grammar School on Chenery
street, near Randall, took place on Fri
day afternoon last.
lire programme, which was clever and
¦well rendere<Vwas as follows:
Song-, "America/' school; salutatory. -Elsie
Schou; recitation, "The Girl Who • Smiles,"
Lulu Guinnane; song, "I'll Be a Soldier,"
Ethel Snyder; recitation. "They Didn't Think,"
Emily Ryan; piano solo, "II Trovatore," Emma
SosnowBki; recitation, "Blind Man and the
Elephant," Tom Wesendunk; song, "Spring
time." Edith Darrah; recitation, boys of Miss
Fallen's class; song, "Four Leaf Clover,"
pupils of Miss Morgan's class; recitation, girls
of Miss Fallon's class; recitation, boys of Miss
Fitzgerald"s class; recitation, "The Boyless
Town.". Sadie Garren; song, "Santa Lucia,"
school; recitation, "Lasca, 1 ' Beatrice Redlng
ton; song, pupils of Miss Fitzgerald's class;
recitation, 'IGuilty or Not ' Guilty," Lillian
Teigler; piano solo, "Tramway Gallop," George
Creon; song, "Close Your Dreamy Eyes," Jen
nie Darrah; recitation. "Papa Was Stumped,"
Gertie Whlteside; piano 6Olo, "Creole Belles,"
Frank Ellis: recitation. "My First Long
Pants," Lloyd Kincaid; valedictory, Leonle
Lawrence; song, "Auld Lang Syne/' tschool.
At the close of the exercises the medals
and diplomas were presented to the grad
uates by the principal, Miss C. M. John
ston, as follows:
Denman medal — Elsie Schou and Lconie
Lawrence. . • . , .
The graduates were: .
Programme at Pairmbunt
Grammar School
Enjoyed.
PUPILS RECEIVE
THEIR DIPLOMAS
28
.f you and a B oo»e wer, on^top !of a pol^hbw would you set down
' ' Pluck the goose, of course.
;¦ In buying^shoes DON'T get plucked yourself.
Ifyou buy a$3.5ashoe at a store where $3 to
??.'f. s .hpes are sold you dp get Plucked nearly
every time. ¦
shoes for summer-shoes that
please people-shoes in which the shabe will
hold-woh't but, or sag in the^shahk
or get shabby-lookingr in a little while '
Shoes that hold up because they're richtlv
built-not a skimp anywhere, inside or out-
THAT'S tKe Walk-Over Shoe. .:., .. out
.Must be right pr wrong— no middle ground—
or we couldn't everlastingly preach Monev-
Back SHoes--GpOp WEAR OR iV^EW^PAJ^
' : " > ±}f y°M & et a pair that^s wrong it's '"''
the'factory'sloss— not ours, nor yours. C ft Rfl
'::>¦:¦ Why cpntinue to pay ;$5^and $6 O^JiyU
f o r -1 et-we j 1 - e n o u gh - al on e- s ho e s— *¦!¦ - L — -
Tom, Dick ¦ anck: Harry 1 makes-^that ¦¦ \v *%£
have ;been foi^tecivon •avlbng^suffering public
with scarcely a change— in quality nor in shape
—for the last tenyears?
N * . F. F.WRIGHT & SON -
ffifigp?.?^ •;-92^26^M^ct; Street.
Our Mall Order Department is most complete. AH
orders fop samples or ooods filled and shipped same dau
tbeg are received.
We beg to 'notify our customers and
the pu'Wlc generallu that, commenc-
,lng Mondau, June. 9th, we will
have a SPECIAL SALE OF SATIN
STRIPED^FRENCH PRINTED
.GHALYS at
These \ Chalfls are: all in the Yeru
latest designs and colorings for 1902
and were imported to sell at 85c
and $1,00 nard.
Established 1823.
\jjfc mvTjS. ' m ' |Hfi3 CaB ' TE^^i^ JePJlm ' \f&M ~^&£<&K. I
That's AM
THE WILSON DISTILLING, CO..
Baltimore, Md-
JAKE JOSEPH, Representative,
300 Battery Street, San Francisco.
¦ • •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Every store has an equal ad-
vantage when it comes to
talking about their own goods
—It is in the merchandise itself
where merit wins. Instead of
speaking about the values of
our shoes we simply S3y that
our shoes are guaranteed.
We adjust any reasonable
claim— a dissatisfied customer
can have a new pair free or
his money back if the shoes
don't wear well. Need we say
more?
XADIES' OXFOBDS OB LACE
SHOES, genuine hand-welted, like
Picture, In patent leather, vici kid.
box calf or tan Russia, with low or
military heels, extended soles, eight-
een styles to choose from; price.
83.OO
x £8FS«!MS4!ffift8d tffiSy.SK:
three colors to select from; price
- si.oo
the vii n c ?<> c olate vici. box calf of
fine kid, with patent leather or kid
tips and extended soles; an assort-
ment of over a dozen different styles-
we guarantee every pair; see our
•window display of these shoes:
Sizes 5 to S ...SI OO
Sizes S^i to 11 "»J Sll
Sizes 11% to 2 iiloO
Y BffiEJgWBFJ8B<ff&
calf, firm vici kid or eoft box calf-
these are all of the best manufac-
ture; see our window display-
Sizes 9 to 13 SfcrS
Sizes 1SH to 2 ...82 OO
Sizes Z>£ to h\i §2liJ5
WPKJk OXTOBDS AND
LACE SHOES, either In white or
ffrass linen; a good shoe for the sea-
side; price .82.00
MEN'S O3OF0BDS AND LACE
SHOES, with hand-welted soles and
good lasts, in tan Russia, vici kid
! ¦ box calf or patent leather; over a
I dozen styles to choose from; price
1 ••••—: y ... ....:........ S3.0Q
Country orders carefully filled on
the day received. Send for our new
catalogue.
r- 833 MARKET'stuS.Jv
01 injurious Imitations.
\ George Mayerle's ! Ger-
'tO&iffltik, man. Eyewater streogth-
'ens weak eyes and gives
aBBaa&bZ- lnst ant relief for painful,
Ss*i?fcV?c watery, itching or in-
%!»im^' flamed eyes or eyelids.
•.-..;¦ THE GENUINE can be
~ had > only of George May-
erle, German Expert Optician, 1071 Market
street, San Francisco. >:
NONE CFNUINE
Without . the trade Mark— an Eye with a
OFFICE CHiE^ OF POLICE.
It rives -me puch- pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. GEORGE Mayerle of 1071 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. . I have, been, using
glasses for the past four. years, and during, that
time have consulted several opticians, but not
until I consulted ' Mr. • GEORGE ¦ Mayerle "and
had him fit glasses to my eyes did I' get* entire
satisfaction. Most respectfully, ' .'¦ -.'-¦'
J.H.ANDERSON,'
Sergeant of Police, San Francisco. .
-Nsg'ected E-esight Affects the Brain.
George; Mayerle's glasses ' streng-then the
*?ye and brain. To avoid; mistakes look
for -the full name, GEORGE MAYERLE,
and his trade mark, the EYE with a
CROWN, on every window; also the num-
ber: 1 "'. ; ¦ ¦
1O71.
Telephone, ' South , 672.
OW2CED MUCH REALTT-— The. estate of
Elizabeth Hack has been appraised at $33,500.'
It consists of real estate In this city and Mon-
terey County.
GEORGE i MAYERLE,
O«©OOOO®S©©OO©OOO0O©d©©©OOOOOOOOO©O5Oe©OOOCO»
I ...CORSETS... 1
• K " vaiid •tBHI'^' C3w • iVIAKl ©
5 tunoLla §
A V^Vr i\OL I aJ '"*^&^>- O
I TO YOUR X '^ §
| FIGURE A yOm §
I AND MAKE Wf^i; 0RDER I
| NO CHARGE ; FR0M I
| FOR THE /^"-'M $5 - 00 |
| SERVICE- -_jl jgll .UP. I
•a short up-to-date shape, straight front effect* blue, drab 2
q ¦¦ ,V.;. :^ and pink, sizes 19 to 24. q
S *£g/ZJ) THIS WEEK S
• CHESTERr iP; 1A/RIGHT, 8
• 6 Geary Street, Cop. Kearny. Up Stairs. ¦ J
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE C0 M Inc.
SI DEBOA RDS AND BUFFETS.
• '.A-fine display of the handsomest oak sideboards and fcuffets ever seen In San Fran-
Cisco, andrto be" sold at Drlces^ far below the. usual. . AH our elegant new furniture
- put down to rock-bottom ; njrures.* too. We furnish your bouse throughout from kitchen
.to drawing-room. Come In and see goods and prices, but borrow no money — your credit Is
eood here-^try It. ¦'_¦¦'¦ ¦
We Own Our Own T1 i v r» •, *, » ' Free Dillverv t»
Eui dins_We Pay J\[Q J, flirilltiire GO,, IflC. Oakland, A&da
ino K nt >- ' v " - . and Berkeley.
' 1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
•WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
- '•..,. > 113. 115. 117. m. 121 FOST STREET.SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
THIS Is the story of the parole of Mali \oon. Mah Noon is a highbinder,
a gnn and hatcbet man and was also a cnlly aMd pander of , the alleys
In. Chinatown. He shot another Chinese murderously and fought, five
police officers, who fell upon him while the smoking pistol was in his
hand. Mali Noon holds the highbinder record. He Is the; only one
that ever fought the poMcc. In resisting arrest he shot Officer. Tracy,
and his indictment for that crime still hangs over him and. he maybe.
convicted under It when he serves the sentence imposed upon him for
shooting • the Chinese, who lingered many months and died of his wounds.
a *» Aoonwas tried for that crime, was convicted r.nd ' sentenced "to- fourteen
years In San Quentin. When he was safe behind the bars the police breathed
easier, for in the long list of highbinders who have made' Chinatown bloody "in"
*he wars of the Tongs Mah Noon was the most vicious r.nd desperate.
But Mah Soon is a cook. His soups and salads, broils, roasts and pud
dings, entree* and lollipops and loblollies are works o! art. They are to the
palate what perfume is to^ the nose and color and form to the eye. The- Gov
ernor of California is not an anchorite. Visiting the prison he tasted the crea-
tlons of MuhlVoon, and without inquiring what multitude ,of- sins his .cooking
covered, paroled him and took him home, to cook" for. hls\ private table." It Is
about the only case known where a parole 'has been issued .without the prisoner
or any peace officer or any one unofficially interested in the bencileiary asking:
for it. -The case orislnates in a letter from the Governor himself to the ¦Prison-
Directors, stating: that Mah' 1 Koon was' probably innocent of any crime and re
questing hts parole. The Governor's request wai' granted. ¦ Mah Noon got his
freedom and the, Governor got a. cook that won*t strike. '' ;'
There Is no evidence that the act wus for any other purpose except to serve
the Governor's personal convenience.. .".The flve : policemen, who rgrnve' battle ' to
this bloody highbinder and one of whom was shot. and. nearly killed. . in the
tight, bad' no information of the parole. Had. they been, asked they would have
opposed it. Mah Noon's merits- as n- cook do not impreMS them.';' They- know
him p.s one of the "most vicious and .desperate ; crlminnls '- that * ever. -lurked in
Chinatown. But he is the only cook ln ; the State that suits the Governor. There
are white and black cooks, male and female, who would be proud, of ' ¦' employ
ment In the kitchen of the Governor. He says he Is a friend of the union laborer
and a strike settler extraordinary. There la a Cooks' Union, but no member of
It is fit to cook In hit kitchen. He Is also opposed to Chinese immigration and
commissioned an embassy to represent him In Washington and urge Consre»s to
evclndt- the Chinese, because they come here and compete Tvith v^hite union
labor. He found Mah Noon already excluded and non-comprltnc, and using his
poiver as Governor, admitted him to competition and landed him In his own
kitchen. One of his organs, the, weakest harmonica of the lot. says that the
Governor did this for r. poor und. friendless Chinese, an' Innocent, and suffering
human being with no one to love him. The fnet Is that If Mali Soon had not been
a tine rook he would still be doinR the poor and friendless human being stunt
Jn San Qarntln, takius opium on the sly and looking: forwnrrt to the end of his
sentence to transact some 'more bloody business in the alleys of Chinatown. There
arc good harness makers, carpenters, cabinet makers and other mechanics In
San Quentin and more than one white cook there in stripes, who can boss a range
nnd' bnlld gravy with the best Chinaman who ever wolloped a pot. Why does
not th«.« Governor take a humane— and— probably— Innocent spell in their behalf f
And here" Is the story of Mali Noon.
GOVERNOR GAGE PAROLES MAH NOON, A DESPERATE CHINESE
WHO COMMITTED DELIBERATE CRIMES OF ASSAULT TO MURDER
AND INSTALLS HIGHBINDER IN HIS RANCH HOME AS A COOK
Continued on Page Thirty,
'', Governor. Gage will., have", to .act
quickly," however,' in the matter. , His
term jpf; office.' expires, in a.'few-nionths,
and ' unless he sets;Mah.Noon.at.free
,dom'shortly^ he will'not have the oppor-
; '-•Sh'ould;M'ah .;Noo'n - be ... convicted a
second time," -and he 'surely, will be if he
,is c^ver 'tried for; the .shooting of, Officer
TracyV: Governor Gage will still be able
to enjoy iliis! services -by using : his, power"
of ' pardoning.. " ;
vict, unless the chief executive, sets the
parole law. at naught,; 7/: /
Sari Quentin Doors Open for
Convict Three Years After
1 nC3FCGF3.tlOTl»
.With, a :. second - conviction against
Mali \N06n "the ¦Governor .'will be.pro
hibited-from'paroling the ; Chinese con-
r Mah Nodri.is 1 liable, to" be arrested at
any time 'and " tried for ' the assault . to
murder^ 1 Police Officer ' Tracy. . Iii ; that
event Governor .Gage will haveto. move
to , San Quentin prison' if he * desires to
haveVthe murderous ; highbinder..con
tinue to 1 cook : for him. •?"
dictment- still hangs over the head of the
Celestial; who us- now cooking for' Gov
ernor Gage in his* southern home. ,
An electric light overhead made the
scene of murder as bright as 'day.
Rushing* toward, the assassins the police
officers called. on .thern^ .to , surrender.
Mah' Noon and Yung Ah ,Yce did iibt
Officers P. J. Tracy, John -Burke and
John Galloway were entering Sullivan
alley when the shots were fired. Fifty
feet ahead of "them :¦ they saw the '-.' two
highbinders, .Mah Noon and Yung. Ah
Yee,- Shooting at Lim Sier. who lay
prostrate on the? ground.
BATTLED WITH OFFICERS.
. At 20 -minutes after 11 on that
.night the Chinatown police squad was
ten. minutes late/in making its rounds,
owing to the presence; of the Grand
Jury, in the. Celestial quarter. Mah ,N,OQn
and his accomplice, Yung Ah Yee. were
thoroughly^ acquainted with the move-'
: ments ..' of the "police officers. Thev
knew' that th'esqiiad would, pass the in
tersection of; Baker and Sullivan. allevs
at 11 p.m. , The two Chinese highbind
ers watched the officers pass along, and.
thinking /that the coast- was clear, pro
ceeded to their deadly work of shooting
.'in cold blood Lim Sier. on whose head
a. price had been placed. . .
- The : police officers of the Chinatown
squad were detailed .for late dutvon ac
count of the ; Grand Jury . visiting , the
quarter, and for that reason were close
to Bakerland Sullivan alleys when the
shots of Malv Noon and -Yung Ah Yee
rang out in.the night-air.
It was on the "night' of March 30,
1898, that Mali- Noon -sought the lives
of Lim Sier and Police Officer Tracy.
The Police Department. well remember
that night for two reasons— the shoot
ing of Officer Tracy and - the serious
earthquake that occurred.. - -.-
HISTORY OF CRIME.
timity to do so later, for Gage will be
retired to private life" very soon.
) Mali Noon was convicted of the' as
sault to murder Lim: Sier 'and 'was' sen
tenced to fourteen years'- imprisonmenti
He was hot tried for the assault ;to mur
der Police" Officer Tracy, and -the in-
TherPolice Department of San Fran
cisco was disappointed; when Mah Noon
was sentenced, to .fourteen years" in. San
Quentin prison. The officers had hoped
that the . murderous .'. highbinder ."would
be incarcerated for the" rest of his life.
Mali Noon twas. held for trial by the late
Police Judge Campbell on two, charges
of assault to murder. ' He '-'was tried* by
the late Superior Judge. Borden. - J. j.
Dunne, who! prosecuted for the "people,
is now located in Honolulu.
The fact of. being caught red-handed
in shooting Lim Sier stamped him as a
desperado, ready • to murder for - his
price. The unusual crime of a Chinese
shooting a police officer caused the
peace guardians to look upon Mali
Noon as a' double-dyed \ criminal;
When' Mali 'Noon was sent to San
Quentin. prison the police officers felt
relieved. Now, by the grace of Gov
ernor; Gage,* Mali Noon, the criminal,
highbinder, ;would-be : murderer. ,'. . con
vict and probable murderer, is erij oying
the balmy air : of the ranch of the Gov
ernor in Los Angeles .County, pleasing
the - chief executive with his . palatable
'dishes.. , v .'¦ ••..".' -..-.' v • .• . r. : \
SHOOTS BRAVE OFFICER.
The history of the crime of Mah
Noon, for which he was sent to Sail
Quentin prison for fourteen' yearsr im
pressed itself vividly on the minds of
the local Police Department. There
is not an" officer of the police force of
this city who does not look* upon Mali
Noon as the most desperate highbinder
that "ever prowled in the alleys and by
ways of Chinatown. N
edly said that he regretted not having
killed ; the officer whom he had
wounded.
GAGE CON'SULTS HIMSELF.
It would be interesting to know from
the lips of Governor Gage by what
process he came to the conclusion that
Mah Noon was "probably innocent." '
Can Governor Gage say that he com
municated with the heads of the Police
Department to find out if Mah Noon
was a victim of a miscarriage of iustice
and deserving of a parole?
Did the Governor ask the opinion of
Lim Sier, the victim of Mah Noon
and his accomplice, Yung Ah Yee. -died
some weeks after he was shot. The
highbinders were not prosecuted for
murder for the reason that Lim Sier had
been attended by a Chinese doctor and
no evidence could be produced to show
that he had died from his wounds. . .
The only reason given . by Governor
Gage to the Board of Prison Directors,
in asking the parole, of the Chinese
highbinder, was that he (the Governor)
had reached the conclusion that Mah
Noon, was probably an innocent man
and that he would take the convict into
his employ.
TT\N order that Henry T.; Gage,
fa Governor of the State of Cali-
M fornia, might enjoy the dainty
\ JM dishes prepared by the .skillful
hands of a clever Celestial chef,
the chief executive has abused his pow
ers and secured the parole from/ San
Quentin prison of Mah Noon, one of
the most desperate and bloodthirsty
highbinders ever caught red-handed in
crime.
Governor Gage, who poses as the
friend of the workingman. has thought
lit to take to his own honi£ in Los An
geles County and there install as a
cook Mah Noon, who in cold blood at
tempted to murder Lim Sier. one of his
race, and also shot" Police Officer P. J.
Tracy in resisting arrest for his murder
ous crime.
Mah Noon was not only caught red
handed in an attempt to murder Lim
Sier— he also battled desperately;, with'
five officers and sought to evade arrest
by shooting one of the brave guardians
of the peace.
Mah Noon was also suspected of
having killed other Chinese in the high
binder wars of Chinatown, and when in
his cell at police headquarters he repeat-
If Governor Gage or the Board of
Prison Directors had consulted with the
Police Department "of this city as to
Mah- Noon's record' the information
.would have been forthcoming that the
criminal, highbinder and would-be mur
derer was the king of the hired assas
sins of the Chinese tongs. •"'¦-';¦ > „,'¦';•
IS KING OF HIGHBINDERS.
Did Governor Gage come to the con
clusion that Mah Noon was probably
innocent of assault to murder a fellow
countryman and a police, officer on the.
basis that. so. clever a chef v could- not
possibly be a monster thirsting for hu
man gore? ¦¦''.'¦'-:' :
Mah Noon is an adept at the cooking
range. He can turn out the most palat
able of soups, entrees, roasts, broils and
confections and is deemed worthy Y bv
Governor Gage to tickle the srubernar
toFial. palate and prepare feasts fit for
Lucullus. .
Why did Governor Gage and the
Board of Prison Directors not follow
the usual custom and seek information
from the San Francisco Police Depart -
ment as to the record and career of Mah
Noon and the advisability of giving that
criminal a parole?
In what manner did Governor Gage
come to the conclusion that Mah Noon
should be shown executive clemency
and be paroled from San Quentin?
any of the Judges or officials of the de
partment of justice as to the wisdom of
paroling a murderous Chinese high
binder?
retreat from the officers. Their desper
ate criminality -jmowed itself when they
ran toward the officers and gave battle.
Yung Ah Yee threw his big revolver
at the head of Officer Galloway ,and
dashed past .the police officers. Special
Officers Downey and Finn, who were
close behind the regular officers, gave
chase to the fleeing highbinder and
caught him a .block away on Dupont
street.
Meanwhile Mah Noon engaged Of
ficers Tracy, Galloway and Burke in
battle. The three brave officers and the
two special officers, who had returned,
threw themselves upon the murderous
highbinder, who struggled desperately.
Mah Noon had his smoking Colt's re
volver in his hand, partly hidden by the
wide sleeve of his blouse.
With yells of rage and defiance Mai:
Noon managed to get his revolver into
play. He pressed the weapon upward
until its muzzle rested against the stom
ach of Officer Tracy. Fortunately he
was unable at that instant to pull the
trigger, otherwise Tracy would have
been shot through the body. Mah
Noon, struggling desperately, -was able,
however, to- fire his big revolver, and
the bullet went * through the arm "of
Tracy, and the brave officer was dis
abled.
Tracy's comrades, Burke and Gallo-.
way, beat Mah Noon into submission
and handcuffed him. He was taken to
the police station, where he showed de
fiance by cursing the officers who had
arrested him.
HIS VICTIM DIED.
His victim, Lim Sier. was taken to
the Harbor Hospital and later on his
friends removed him to Chinatown.
There he was treated by a Chinese doc-
No Information of Criminal's Record Is
Asked From City Officials.
Justice Is Foiled and Power
Abused While Rules Are
Set at Naught.
PORTRAITS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE STATE AND THE HIGH
BINDER WHOM HE PAROLED WITHOUT SEEKING ANY INFORMA
TION FROM OFFICIALS AS TO THE CRIMINALS POLICE RECORD.
Pages 29 to 40
Pages 29 to40. [The above extract from'
. the letter of Governor Gage, ¦
; .written on May 3/1901, to
the Board of Prison Direct
. ors, was the only reference
made in the document to Mali ,.
.-Noon. The Governor gave ;
'¦< 'extended reasons for recom
mending the parole of three
other prisoners at the time,
! rbuHthe letter, sent to the'
prison Directors failed/} Jo
i; I show a single cause for'pa^f
-troling. the Chinese high
¦¦^bUidcr 1 other than the bare'
¦' X-s'tatemcnt made by the Gov
' Senior: :
ahtyl/n t/iis regard; s
sion 1 that he /s prpb
ablyan innocent man; ,
\ and to indicate to you
nocence^iiyou should :
conclude ifo grantthis
pr/sqneraparoie,/wi//
H take him into my em
p/oy, ¦Since > your * rules
require some one to/
] make proper guar-/
JfflAH N0ON,as his
name indicates, is
a Chinaman. I have
reached the conclu- .
GAGE GIVES
NO REASONS
FOR PAROLE
Bock Island Route : Excursions
Leave San: Francisco . t very; Wednesday ;. and
Sunday. . via Rio' Grande "and Rock r Island Ral 1
t.ays, and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern. Pacific and
Rcrk^Island'-Railways. 'for Omaha, ; Kansas
City/ Chicago and all points Enst. * For further
Information address ¦ Clinton «- Jones, v General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 621 Market at. • ¦¦
Squaws War on Grasshoppers.
SAN DIEGO. June 7,-The \ country
about Warner's Hot Springs ' l*> Infested
by grasshoppers. For .the last' two weeks
they have been hatching ;very fast and tho
superintendent of the bijr Warner's ranch
has an army of squaws fighting the as yet
wingless pests. With sacks or brush the
squaws drive them into ditches already
prepared, where they sack them and car
ry them to another ditch filled with burn
ing straw,: into - which they, are dumped;
SACRAMENTO. June? 7.— The .dispute
between the Contractors'. A sociatidiv arid
the Building Trades Council, that-has for
a month tied up all- building operations In
Sacramento, was adjusted,' to-night by
concessions on' both; sides, -¦¦arid work will
be resumed- on Monday morning.
Sacramento Strike Ends.
WIIATCOM. June 7.-The Jury in the
case of the State vs. : John "Dix, charged
with wrecking two banks In this county
while under his control, returned a ver
<Ji<;t of guilty of larceny by embezzlement
this morning. The maximum punishment
for this offense in this State is ten years
\n the penitentiary. Dix. was arrested in
I^oiidon. England, about four months ago
and after stubborn resistance, was extra
dited. ¦ . ; ...¦¦.
Bank Wrecker Dix | Convicted.
BAN DIEGO, June 7.— The last stake of
the San Diego-Eastern Railroad survey
was driven to-day at a point pn the boun
dary line between San Diegb and Na
tional City.
Last Survey Stake Driven.
SA^T JOSE. June 7.— The Santa Clara
County Fish and Game Association lias
taken steps to have Game Warden Foster
removed from office. At the meeting last
right President ' Barker was empowered
to appoint n committee to wait upon the
Supervisors and apk that Foster be re
moved, on the -ground that he has not at
tended to his duties. It was reported that
the game laws were beitiK violated In the
Calavcras Valley. Some time ago Barker
preferred <rharges against Foster, but the
Supervises exonerated the Game Ward
*n. Game Warden Foster declares that
the association's action in the outcome of
*.n attempt by Barker to place one of his
friends in the ofnee.
tion After the Scalp of
Foster..
ftmta Clara Fish and Game Associa-
DEMANDS THE REMOVAL
OF THE GAME WAEDEN
NEW YORK,' June , 7.^Marlon de Vrles,
member of , the United "States "Board ibt
General Appraisers,' is en route, to. Cali
fornia via the Northern "Pacinc. -He is
accompanied , by. Private* Secretary Dows
ing and General Counsel Washburne.- He
expects to join Mrs.. De Wries -in v Ban
Francisco June 12. Mrs. De Vrles stopped
in Washington to visit her sister before
proceeding to California. ¦ "
Marion . de Vries Coming West.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 7.—
Thomas Andrew Storey of the department
of hygiene and organic training will leave
the university next Tuesday for a year's
vacation. He will go by way of Panama;
reaching his destination, Boston, -early in
July. He will then commence work in th«
Howard Medical School, . studying there
unUI his return to the university in Sep
iSS lber /.. 1 2 03 - H * w * Cha PPeU Stanford
1901, will fill Dr. Storey's place as an in
structor during his absence. Dr. W. F.
Snow will return to the university next
semester and occupy the position of head
of the hygiene department— -a departmfni
which has recently been combined with
that of physiology.
Stanford Faculty Changes.
At the close of the campaign there was
about $300,000 in the Tammany campaign
war chest, according to common report
and this amount disappeared between the
time the polls were closed and the time
that Lewis Nixon took hold of/ the ma
chine to- try to reform It. This money
would come In handy to the regents now
for use in the hpt primary campaign that
iS; about to open, and there is likely to
be 'some ; inquiry- made as to its .where
abouts. . /' ' : '
NEW YORK, June 7.— The general com
mittee of Tammany : Hall will next '-week
abolish the finance committee of, the or
ganization, of which Richard Croker'Tvas
chairman last year and whose last chair
man was Lewis Nixon. ¦-
dred Thousand Dollars May
Be Investigated. " - - . : " ¦
Sudden Disappearance of Three Hun-
TAMMANY'S WAR CHEST
IS SHY SOME SHEKELS
POMONA, June 7.— Herbert - : Charles
Nash, librarian at Stanford University,
died in Hotel Keller here early this after
noon of Bright's disease. He was 42 years
of age. ; •
Mr. Nash obtained a leave of absence at
Stanford last Christmas and came with
his. wife to Southern California , to .recu
perate his fast-failing health. He spent
weeks at San Diego, Palm Springs and
Pomona. For a month he and his physi
cians have known that tho end was not
far off. Yesterday Mr. Nosh became un
conscious and from that time he never
rallied. O. L. Elliott, registrar : of Stan
ford University, and Mrs. Nash were with
the invalid wnen death came. .
Nash was of English parentage and
was born in Nice, Krance. He went to
San Francisco in J8S1 and was for three
years private tutor of Leland Stanford
Jr. "When the latter, died in Florence
Senator Stanford employed Nash as pri
vate secretary, and until the Senator
died in 1S93 Nash was never away from
his employer's side a day.
After Senator Stanford's death Nash
continued as assistant to Mrs. Stanford.
He became librarian at Stanford Uni
versity in 1895. Mrs. Nash is a daughter
of Rev. E. Woodward, Brown, - who
dropped dead on the ferry steamer Berke
ley at San Francisco a week ago
T £ e . bod r of Mr - Nash wM bo taken
to Palo Alto to-morrow. .'
Special Dispatch to The" Call.'-'.
Much praise was bestowed upon the
pretty vehicles, ponies and floats. The
bicycle division was one of the most at
tractive features of the parade.
The carnival closed with a ball to
night 5n tho pavilion at Grace Brothers'
Park. The hall had been gayly decorated
by the ladies. The grand march was led
toy Kins Marshall and Queen Helen, and
was participated in by all of the court
attendants.
Thousands of persons crowded the park
during the afternoon and evening, and the
ladies of the improvement club will have
a neat sum with which to prosecute the
work of beautifying the City of Roses
as a result of the juvenile rose carnival.
Grand Marshal Weston Anderson,
mounted on a ilower-decked pony, led the
parade. He was followed by the drum
corps, headed by. Master George Proctor
and the trumpeters. These were costumed
in white duck, with yellow tripes. Then
came nineteen little maids of honor, clad
in pfnk. .accompanying the float which
contained three tiny cupids in pink tights
and eauze skirts.
It was after the Greek fashion. Vith
flowing Greek sleeves and a long court
train. King Marshall was similarly cos
tumed, wearing white satin and silver.
His bearing was commanding and digni
fied and a fitting contrast to the flower
like beauty of his queen consort.
As a preliminary to the events at the
park the platoon of juveniles, costumed as
police, the drum corps and trumpeters,
banner.bearers and about 300 flower giris
marched down to the lower end of Fourth
street. Then the line of march was taken
to the park, wHere the coronation of the
youthful monarchs. Queen Heleu and
KJng Marshall, took place.
Immediately thereafter the floral par
ade was formed and passed in review
three times. On the royal float, which
'conveyed the fairy monarchs, was a pic
turesque throne. Queen -Helen wore a
pretty costume of white liberty silk over
a foundation of furah.
SANTA ROSA, June 7.— The Juvenile
Floral Carnival under the auspices of the
"Woman's Improvement Club of this city
to-day was one of the most successful
events of its kind ever held in this city.
3n striking contrast to the weather which
greetec the residents of Santa Rosa on
last Saturday morning, the date originally
set for holding the carlval, the sun came
out bright and the day was perfect.
Ececial Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Doulliwaite declares that she will
appeal to the entire congregation,' demand
an open trial and make the members
whom she has aided take a stand for or
against her. - > :
When seen to-night. Rev. B.F. Coulter
said that the subject waa not one to be
discussed for publication. ¦
The offense which the woman has com
mitted, according to. : the view "of the
churchmen, is that of marrying a divorced
man. In' their eyes she is not legally mar
ried. : ¦ ". ¦-.-¦-....•,,¦¦. • , :• ¦ '
At that time Mrs. Howard was an act
ive worker in the Church of Christ; and
after her marriage with Mr. Douthwalte
she continued her active interest, drill*
ing children for songs and. exercises and
taking much time from the business of
her store in order to forward church af
fairs. Her labors were very acceptable.
But now Broadway church has lsued
its ultimatum. Mrs. Douthwalte must
leave her husband or the church. The
officials proposed to her that'.- ."she con
tinue her work-as before: in fact, they
said they would like to h#.ve the benefit
of her support, but the church could' not
carry her name on Its roll of member
ship. • . . ¦ ¦ - - • . ¦ ¦ - ,
LOS AXGELES, June- 7.— Separation
from church or from husband is the ulti
matum laid down for Mrs. Mary Douth
waite by the Broadway .Church of Christ.
For fifteen years Mrs. Douthwalte has
been a member of the denomination
known as the Christian church. Several
years ago her first husband, named How
ard, died, leaving her with three children
to care for. Mrs. Howard bravelv took
up her burden and established a dry
goods »torc. She met Mr. Douthwaitc,
who had been divorced from his wife, and
they were married about a year and a
half asu.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scenes of Juvenile Pete
Like Glimpses Into
Fairyland.
sity Passes Away
in Pomona.
Official of the Univer?
Must. Choose Between
Church and Her
Husband.
MIDGET ACTORS
MIMIC ROYALTY
QUEER DILEMMA
CONFRONTS WIFE
STANFORD LOSES
LIBRARIAN NASH
/tt^HE shooting of Lim Sier was a criott brutal affair, and Mah Noon, who
a " participated in it, was one of the moBt desperate highbinders in China-
There is absolutely no doubt as to the guilt "of Mah Noon. I saw the
thooting myself and I know that Mah Noon committed the crime with a brutal
malice seldom seen in a Chinaman. Myself and Offlcers Tracy and Galloway were
going into Sullivan alley to report off when the shooting occurred. I heard the
first shot and ran toward the scene of the shooting just as Yung. Ah .Yee, who
fsred the shot that knocked Lim Sier down',- made his escape. •- S
There was a bright electric light -burning right over the scene of the brutal
s-hocting, and we could air see plainly what was going on. The wounded China
man was lying on the ground absolutely defenseless and without a weapon of.
any kind when Mah Noon '- rushed up . to him and fired a shot into his prostrate
Lodr. • - * ¦
We were not ten .feet from him 'at the time. We closed in on the highbinder
and he showed fight. He pointed his. smoking revolver at us, but we kept draw
ing in closer to him. ..When Policeman .Tracy grabbed hold of him his true des
perate character asserted itself. . Man Noon made, a desperate effort to kill
Tracy. He struggled with the zeal of a madtrmn, ; 'and pointing his revolver to
ward Tracy he pulled the trigger, the bullet passing through Tracy's arm.
POLICEMAN THOMAS F. BURKE SAYS MAH NOON IS
MOST DESPERATE CHINAMAN UNWORTHY OF PAROLE
.; Tlie ".murderous hiehbinder. M^ah
Noon; now serving Governor Gage' as
cook, is an "obedient piece of. machin
ery, .and^tlie, chief : executive smiles^' for
he knowsthat" his slave .belongs ;"to no
uniibn, and consequently '. the Governor
fears no "kick"' coming froni his con;
vict chef. ; ; ;¦.¦'•¦;;':
. For the ; reasons mentioned, and for
mahyj others, Mali Noon and Governor
Gage .well understand each other. Mah
Noon- does " not to ko back to San
Quentin prison, and .therefore he does
his best as ''chef" to please the Dalateiof
Governor Gagei
San Quentin prison yawns for hini
again." ' ; . .
"WALLACE, Idaho. June T. — Prospectors just
in 'from 'the north fork of.tho'Coeur d'Alenc
River • report two severe shocks of I earthquake
on tha night of May 11/ ./¦
THE HAGUE, June \ 7.— The : Interna
tional Court of Arbitration has been no
tified, of , the, conclusion of 4 an agreement
between the ' United States and Mexico to
submit -to.' the. court the dispute, regard
ing the payment of damages - iri connec
tion with certain church property in Cal
ifornia: If this convention' is ratified it
will be tho: first case to come before the
court." ". "'/.-
Pirst Case for Hague Court.
SAN rJOSB. June '7.— There" are grave
fears here that there will not be sufficient
laborers; to save the fruit- crop. At a
meetirigV.of the Farmers' Club to-day it
was unanimously reported that labor was
scarce and ..wages good. It-was decided
to ask :the railroad to grant cheap rates
from : San Francisco;. | Santa .'Cruz " and
other points. to men. women and children,
who would come to Santa Clara Valley to
work in/ the orchards. The. .crop of
peaches and apricots is the largest. ever
grown In the .valley." '-It is estimated' that
at least 10,000 «xtra employes will 'be need
ed" during .the harvest.
Great Scarcity of : Iiabor.
, LOS AN GEI.ES, June
bas been received at the Los Angeles gen
eral office of the Santa Fe Railroad that
i Kendrick; third vice president of
the system and In charge of the operating
department, with headquarters in Chi-
S S n °' '^ S ?w n O to resign. Kendrick has
been with the Santa Fe only a few years
Pn^ifi^ ™, e th i l was > wlth the Northern
r?«?rA U W K?m he S adea sr eat record for
f£%£L abI1 i ty v' Sln £ e Apr11 ne has bee n
HL w ?f ' ' £ avIns ' been sent abroad by
n«i^f f tlx ]sbouse Air Brake Company to
negotiate important contracts with sev
eral continental railroads.
.-HjssaUiry- with 'the Santa Fe is said to
be 130.000 and it Is intimated in informa
f!«™ ceK i?f^ er *, that the Westinghouso
SSS25?J-2lSriSl d ' a hlsher bld £or Ws
T' If l he . vacancy . occur." it Is understood
K endnck s successor will be Henry U
Mudge, general manager of the Santa Fe
main lines, with headquarters in Topeka
Mudge entered the employ, of the com
pany as brakeman when a young, man
and has climbed every- round of the lad
der to his present position.
The tramp promptly disappeared. ! He
was later arrested at Salem, on suspicion
of being connected with a murder. He
proved his Innocence of that charge, but
has now been taken to Ashland to stand
trial .for the forgery of the letter . pur
porting to have come from the bank.
The tramp was quick- to take advan
tage of the situation. He went to Ash
land, Ore., and asked for $100 from the
Wells-Fargo -express agent there, agree
ing to. leave. the certificate and security.
Thcvagent was not satisfied with the
identity of the applicant. Three days
later McDonald' reappeared with a letter
from the bank, saying it: had forwarded
the desired amount to the Ashland agent,
and the money .was paid over. .•
REDDING, -June 7.— The arrest of mur
der suspect Percy McDonald at Salem,
Or., has brought to light a strange story
of forgery on the part of a prisoner. Mc-
Donald was a tramp. While at Igerna,
Siskiyou County, recently, he inquired for
mall. , He was! given a letter addressed to
P. N. McDonald, a mining man of Trinity
Center. * The letter had gone. astray.' The
spurious McDonald. found it. to contain a
certificate, from .the Selby Smelting Com
pany showing that the company had de
posited $348 87 in the Wells-Fargo Bank at
San Francisco to the credit of P. N. Mc-
Donald. ... . .
Profits by a Letter That
Falls Into His
. ' Hands.
Third Vice President
Kendrick to Enter
New Field.
SOON TO QUIT
THE SANTA FE
CHANCE MAKES
HOBO A FORGER
KINDNESS LOST
ON THIS BEAST
Bakersfield Bear Bites
Woman Engaged in
Feeding It.
BAKERSFIELD, Juna' 7.— A prt bear
belonglns to T. O'Brien and kept ea hla
premises on "West Ninth street bit Mrs
O'Brien through the wrist to-day. Inflict
ing a painful but not dangerous wound
Mrs. O'Brien was feeding the animal a
pan of milk when it set its jaws upon her
wrist and forced its teeth together. Luck
ily no bone was broken and no artery was
severed. It is believed the bear waa act
uated nof by viciousnes3, but by mera inv«
patience for food, for after it had con
sumed the milk it was aa gentle and play-,
ful as ever. *"•*.¦*
However that may be, O'Brien la not go*
ing to take , any more chances, and **~
hour3 of the bear are numbered.
He .will bo allowed to die a death b«
fltting his kind. Brutal assassination wS
not bo his fate, nor will he go into a con
dition of permanent good behavior by tha
poison route. Bruin will meet an appro
priate demise at the hands of hunters an*
the mouths of dogs. He is to be taken to
some secluded spot and turned loose. Af
ter he has got a good start, the dogs and
the hunters will go after him. It is ex
pected that he will then be put where ha
cannot bite the hand that feeds him.
Woe betide' Mali -Noon if the toast' he
prepares is burned; if the cggs.hc boils
"are 1 not done- to': tlie;- proper' degree ; if
the soup he dishes up is. not spiced ex
actly; right ; : /if the wincsjhepoursyout
are not properlj'.; cooled : if , tlie ; cakc~ or
bread ; lie j bakes ' is not sufficiently light,"
MAH NOON IS A SLAVE.
- : Should .Mali Noon, murderer and
highbinder,' .gun- wielder and skilled
cook, fail/to .tickle "the. palate 'oi. the
chief executive he knows that his.master
can at once return ..him to , San Quentin,
even as a .piece of furniture is shipped. . ;
If Mah Noon does not get up on time
to prepare the morning coffee for Gov
ernor'Gagc he fears Sa'n Quentin as his
punishment.; '-..',; ¦¦¦ry : '"-./..'. : .
Governor • Gage • has the power : of re
voking a parole- of a convict by. a nier^
scratch of his pen. . : ,' ,
Mali -Noon, is behayinK himself in his
capacity of .a. cook to Governor, Gage
on, the latter' s .ranch in Los Angeles
County."" .Mali Noon cannot do ptlierf
wise, for he. knows .the .penalty of cro$s
irig the wishes of his master. In every
respect Mali' Nobn is the slave of Gov
ernor Gagc % The murderous vhighf
binder, convict and man-slayer must do
as his master dictates or he r- will co
back to the dungeons of San Quentin.
Mah Noon did hot suffer any penalty
for his crime, as the law prescribed.
When he arrived- at : San Quentin he
was i; given • some -worjc around the gar
dens and then promoted to* be cook to
Warden Aguirre.',: As a'.'trustv", Mah
Noon had an easy time. | He , lived ; on
the fat of the land, and thrived./ His
skill as a chef attracted the attentiqnfof
Governor. Gage, and it was shortly : after
that- time that ['¦¦ the murderous *; high 7
binder was given his parole by.thc Gov
ernor's request/ ; / : ; - ;
WAS MAD£ A TRUSTY.
,Two days after Yung AhY^c was re
leased from the County Jail he "went to
Chinatown and murdered one of : his
enemies and then disappeared.
Mah Noon and Yung- Ah Yee. were
companions. Yung Ah Ycc. managed
to" secure several continuations of - His
trial. . Thirteen, months after he joined
MaH Noon in the assault to murder Lim
Sier.vYung Ah .Ycc was. acquitted.
Governor Gage, however, declared in
his letter to the Prison Directors that
Mali Noon was "probably, innocent,"
and for that reason asked that the kuii
wiclder ;bc paroled in 'order that he
might be given a position .611 GaRe's
ranch in Los Angeles County. , : '.
''Mali; Noon was true to his intentions,
for he-attempted ¦ the life v of Officer
Tracy when that brave man and his
comrades sought to arrest ..the;murder
ous highbinder. /
Three nights after he was.-, 'captured
Mah Noon was identified by-a, Chinese
as being the murderer of an 'inoffensive
Celestial, who had . been , shot; down
:jp Chinatown in 1806. The" Chi
)ie'sc informant also told the po
lice that Mah Noon /had '= boasted
of killing many men, and that when he
returned to San Francisco, in March,
• 1898, he did so with the avowed inten
tion of killing. some of his enemies, and
would also kill any police officer who
crossed his path. . •
Continued FfomVFage IVenty-Nina. .;.
tor/iami. six-weeksifaftcr lre : 'was'shot he
diedr "¦'¦'-' ¦'c^*';';*"' 7 ; . ' ¦¦¦:-J..-yli, ;:,;¦/; -,.
m^mfmm highbIIIeb
. yNEVER saw such a desperate highbinder as Mah Noon. The shootias of
"#,WmSIer took "place right under an electric light, which In itself showed
jI. the daring of^IHah Noon and Yung Ah Yee. Officers Tracy, Burke and my-'
self : were not;'fifty 'feet away when we heard the reports of the shots'arid
saw the flaslv'of i.tho revolvers. '. I plainly saw Mah Noon stand over L.|m Sier
and fire into his prostrate, body.:; As we jr.an: toward; the scene of the shooting
tho two highbinders dashed to ward, us and we met In the narrow alley,
•r Yung Ah Yee threw his revolver at my head and ran swiftly past us, while
Mah Neon closed in on us and gave battle. We threw ourselves upon him and
he fought like a demon and seemed possessed of enormous strength. He had his
revolver in' his hand and it was partly hidden by his sleeve.
He managed to point the pistol upward during the struggle and deliberately
shot Tracy. Burko and. myself had to beat him into submission, and then we put
the. handcuffs on him.' • .¦ . . =
. I have had considerable experience iu Chinatown, with highbinders, and cer
tainly pronounce Mah Noon as the'/most desperate of the hatchetmen'.
I understand that Mah Noon claims that'.he did not know we were officers
He- knew each of us we\l, for,,we had.betn^n duty <n Chinatown^ for a lone time "
ilah Noon is a :; bloodthirsty worse than "any other of the hatchet
;men I ever icame' across, and.«Iie ought. to bein prison for the rest of his life
POLICE OFFICER J. GALLOWAY TELLS OF BATTLE
WITH HIGHBINDER IN WHICH HE PLAYED A PART
r HE parole of Mati Noon is a great- surprise to me. . The fact that this
highbinder shot' Police Officer' Tracy in resisting arrest stamps him as a
desperado of the worst class.
- '„. ¦ I do not remember another 'instance -of a. Chinese highbinder shooting
I : .a police officer. ¦ The highbinders will kill each, other,. but always have a fear of
; attacking the police. " The record of ; Mali Noon's crime shows on its face the
" character of the manl .
i .--. It is a mo6t'dangerous';thing to parole a convict without consulting the police
* officials of the 1' city, ; where the man was convicted. The records of the State
.prison only show the offense for, which the man was convicted. In the case of
Mah, Noon -the Police; Department of this city possessed considerable information
.'as to his 'career/; : . ¦ ' '
' ; ~ The • Board - of Prison Directors shoutd have communicated with us and asked
for all information concerning. Mah Noon when the request for his parole was
received. • ~ - '
' I certainly would not be in favor of pardoning a Chinese- highbinder or even
.of paroling him. Mah Noon's crime proves conclusively that he did not hesitate
to. Attempt ...to murder a police officer after shooting one of his fellow countrymen.
From what ; I know of his xase, there was not a single thing to warrant his
parole^, and not only should he be kept in prison for the term he was. sen
tenced, but he should also be tried on .the . charge of assault to murder. Officer
CHIEF OF DETECTIVES MARGIN SAYS CRIMES
OF MAH NOON STAMP HIM AS VICIOUS DESPERADO
OPINIONS TO GOVERNOR'S PROTEGE
DISTRICT A TTORNEY LEWIS F. BYINGTON SAYS
THAT THE PAROLE LAW HAS BEEN VIOLA TED
/T is the usual custom and a matter of Isw for the Prison Directors to no
tify mc-.or rather query me as to whether or' not. a man .sentenced/ from
this city whom they intend to parole has any other charges pending against
him. The law requires that a prisoner recommended for parole must receive
¦ written eanction from the District Attorney of the county from which" he was
convicted; setting forth that there arc tic. other charges pending against him.
. J was never notified of the intention of the Governor or the Prison Directors
to rarole Mali Noon. The law was not complied with. In addition to the law
that they must get my opinion as to whether or not there are other charges, the
notice of the parole must ,be published in the papers. The latter step" may-.be
declared unnecessary only by the order of the Governor of the State, but I
riiust receive notice. I was never notified of Mali Noon's, parole, and If ¦ I so
tit^ircd ] might proceed against him Jmir.tOiatcly on the second charge, which is
jst ill pending on ray books against him. Mali Noon shot a, fellow Chinese, and
i\hci; ihc police attempted to arrest him he made a desperate resistance and in
the struggle which followed lie shoj Policeman Tracy.
Had 1 been notllicd of the intention to parole him I would have been com
pelled under the law to make strenuous objections to any such proceedings.- - '
>THE SAI* FRANCISCO CALL, SUJSTDAY, JIHNE S, 1902.
"W IT 715KN :i highbinder shoots a police oCicer the crime shows that the Chl
\/k/ ncse is of the most dangerous class.
r Y In all my experience as a member of the police force of this city I
always found that the highbinders had a fear of the police. Some of
the " hatchetmen who took part in bloody fights with their own race gave up
without a struggle when overtaken by the police.
Mah Noon shot one of his countrymen and also an officer who sought to ar
rest him. and the double crime speaks for itself, showing the malignity of the
_ criminal. . ;
3f my atlvice had been asked as to the wisdom of paroling . such a man I
shou'd have Bald at once that on no account should he be allowed outside of the
X>rison Trails.
The police officers know the full extent of crime to which the highbinders
will go, and the shooting of Ofiicer Tracy v,as a most unusuaroccurrence. I un
derstand that Hah Noon was not tried for the ussault to .murder Tracy. He
certainly should be punished to the extent of the law. I think the power of
parole should be very carefully used, and a convict should riot be allowed outside
of tlie prison walls until there has been the most complete investigation. -
A man who has been tried arid convicted should not be paroled without the
circumstances being looked into in the same manner as is done previous to a
CAPTAIN OF POLICE S PILL ANE SAYS SHOOTING
OF OFFICER TRACY WAS MOST MALIGNANT ACT
' TB-yff -^tl. NOON was always -considered a very- desperate, character, and.I.be
•. /|/f ; "eve ,that he would ehobt.a man dewn- in cold blood without the least
1 rJL hesitation.- The desperate- manner, hv which he., acted on the night of
March 30, 1898, showed that he .was a ; criminal of .the most dangerous
-kind. •¦ Oii that night, while Lim Sier was lying on the 'ground In Baker alley,
i he deliberately^ fireda ; bullet into the bedy .of the prostrate man. -When I con
.fronted him he had hiaf. pistol concealed in the , sleeve; of 'his. blouse. He' 'quickly
¦ slipped it down and thrust *U into my face.'. I grasped -the barrel, and managed
¦\ .to turn itaside. The bullet struck me 'in -the. right arm Instead of thV head, as
lie ;intended.'' ¦ "r-. ¦/•¦:-.¦¦•";¦'¦. ¦¦>¦£.'¦ '.' '.. ¦ ¦¦'.*'¦.' : <*""-., ¦/.;?'•-'¦ :. •. ' ;: . :-'¦"'.
• -I '.consider that "a; great Injustice was done me ; in ¦: the manner In which the
trial' of. -Mah" Noon was conducted.' Two; charges- of assault to murder were
j placed .against' . him-lbne for shooting Lim Sier and the other, for shooting me.
He was tried and sentenced for his assault on his countryman, but the Indlct
. ment against him, for attempting to murder me was never tried. -
I consider- that it Is the greatest injustice to the people to allow such a mur
derous highbinder to be free, and if I thought that I could accomplish' anything
by it I would have him , prosecuted for his murderous assault on me. I thlok.
that a policeman's life is just as valuable and ought to be protected as strongly
-¦ as tho life of any other citizen. A highbinder who attempts to shoot an officer
,, In tho discharge of his duty ought not to be allowed, to run at large. :
BRAVE POLICE OFFICER P. J. TRACY DECLARES
THAT A VERY GREAT INJUSTICE WAS DONE HIM
30
$jF% Dr. Meyers & Co. j
\f| i^F r ea t and Cure Diseases of Men, If 1
*|||y|||j you treat with them you get perfect, [j
A^^^^% positive, permanent 'cures. We guar- If
antee thorough and honest treatment."; I
A weak man need not be weak. It is his own fault if he remains so. H
Dr. Meyers, & Co. have cured thousands, are curing them everyday. »|
Kindly remember that ours is the. oldest and most reliable institute on H
the Coast for the treatment of diseases peculiar to men- j]
A man is naturally suspicious of those physicians- who make bold to y
promise everything. The thoughtful, conscientious physician, realizing H
the complexity of men's diseases, is most guarded in his promises. Look- 11
"ing over the .past and the present, we find that the physician whose H
promises are the greatest invariably lias the smallest practice. Our M
promises are to give you thorough, honest treatment, with the ~»most l]
modern and scientific meCr.ods. ' Our physicians are up to date/ arc close \\
" students in all the' latest medical literature. We experiment with' no one. t\
:A_ thorough medical education and years of experience is the basis oi \n
our treatment. :. jfi^fi H
Have you^specific blood poisonr-have you contracted disease— have n
'you kidney,' bladder or prostatic trouble — have you weakness of any na- J
ture? If so. Dr. Meyers & Co. cordially invite you to call and see them; 1
i free consultation and examination will be given you. , j
If you are at a distance and cannot call at our, office, write us: your • I
letter will be promptly and cheerfully answered. We. do not profess to I
, be infallible: we, or no other men, can cure all diseases— if vour case is ]
incurable we frankly tellyou so. In fact, we refuse -to treat incurable 1}
cases.- . f j
If you are ailing in any way. and need advice, make.no delay in con- H
> suiting Dr: Meyers & Co., ;in person or by letter. U
731 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal. I
y. '* ;.• OFFICE HOURS— 9 to 12, 1 to 4. 7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to il. Jv. \\Special Dispatch to The Call.
Empire Construction Com
pany Prepared to Build
From Roseburg.
Rails to Be .Laid Even
Should Salt ETake
Project Fail
MAPPING ANCIENT
RIVER CHANNELS
Syndicate Plans Unique
Mining Venture in
Butte County.
Hopes to Find Gold Under
Lava Tnat Once Flowed
From Mt Lassen,
Special Dispatch to The CalL
REDDING, June 7.— Fred H. Daklni tn«
Redding-Berkeley mining man, Is here di
recting what is perhaps the most ambi
tious mining scheme ever attempted in
Northern' California. With a corps of
assistants he is visiting every mine In
ROAD TD COOS
BAY IS ASSURED
CITES OF THE RICH VALLEY OF THE SACRAMENTO EXTEND
UNBOUNDED HOSPITALITY TO VISITING SAN FRANCISCANS
ELMIRA. N. T.,.June 7.— At the annual
field day meet at the Elmlra College
campus to-day Miss Bertha Burgett, 1902.
broke the American record for college
girls in baseball, throwing tha ball 181
feet.
Here's a Chance for Hike Fisher.
"We have heard various reports as to
the part of the country from which the
old fellow came. Certain persons say he
came from British Columbia, while others
am sure he came to California from the
East, possibly Pennsylvania, but no one
eppears to know eifbugh about the dece
dent to give us anything tangible to work
upon."
LOS ANGELES. June 7.— Public Admin
istrator Kellogg to-day said there was
nothing new or definite to give out con
cerning the $142,000 left by Charles Hill,
the mysterious old man who died several
days ago at the Good Samaritan Hos
pital, nor had any traces or communica
tions been found that throw light upon
the nativity of the decedent.
"It was not the intention of this office
to give out anything In regard to the
matter for at least a week," said Kellogg.
"We wanted to investigate Independently
and uninterrupted by the thousands of
fraudulent claims that 'will now pour in
upon us. Every effort will be made to
locate the dead man's legitimate heirs.
These will be brought to light, I believe.
In a short time."
Attorney Leon Moss, legal adviser to
the Public Administrator, said:
"Positively the only evidence we have
now as to the old man's life or nativity
lies in the cryptogram I found in his
trunk. This consists of what appears f»
be a meaningless lot of figures arranged
in long rows, with several of them crossed
out here and there. On the opposite page
are the names of several cities, and it
may be that when the whole puzzle is
spelled out It will reveal something. Any
body Is at liberty to come and take a try
at it— any one who thinks he is good at
solving puzzles.
Los Angeles Public Administrator
Fears a Rush of Fraudulent
Claimants.
NO HEIRS TO FORTUNE
LEFT BY CHARLES TTTrT,
These channels when found, it Is be
lieved, will produce great mines In ex
actly the, same state as the Sweepstake
bonanza in the old channel near Weav
erville. "When the ancient channels are
encountered they are easily identified by
the rourd pebbles of the old wash of a
geological formation entirely different
from any pebbles of the surrounding
country. The theory Is that the fine gold
now dredged along the river at Oroville
left the channels as nuggets, which wero
broken and ground up in transmission.
The famous Cherokee mine, from which
$lo.000,000 has been taken by "-washing
down a bank with streams from pipes,
comprised 4000 feet of an old channel. The
Magalia mine .which has yielded $2,000,000.
was in a lateral channel running into that
of the Cherokee. Here the peculiar peb
bles were followed into the bank and a
shaft was then sunk through the lava.
Dakin says that the old river channels
ran In a different direction from the pres
ent streams. >¦-.•,•*¦:¦¦¦,
The company of Eastern men has made
a careful study of the geography of the
Butte County foothills. It is satisfied that
the ancient water channels were affected
by the last eruption and flow of lava from
Mount Lassen, which the crater itself in
dicates to have occurred within 200 years.
The capitalists believe that the geological
phenomena in the mine shafts will show
the general directions of the river beds,
presumed to be from northeast to south
west, and will aid them in locating por
tions of the auriferous channels, how cov
ered thinly, if at all. with lava. Their
map is the first of the kind ever attempt
ed in California.
Butte County, obtaining data as to the
depths reached and what is shown by tha
strata. All this information is being used
in compiling a map, which it is hoped
will, when completed, show at least In
portions the ancient river, channels of the
county, which Dakin and the company Be
represents firmly believe contain more
gold, easy of access when located, than
has ever been taken from all the gold
mines of California combined.
BERLIN. June 7.— The Lower House of the
Prussian ' Diet < to-day passed ' the third read
ing of the bill providing. for Germanizing th»
Polish provinces . of Prussia. .
LONDON, June 7.— Oxford University i at
the forthcoming encenia, an annual commem
oration at Oxford In honor of th» founders win
confer the honorary degree of doctor of civil
law on ? Joseph H. Choate. the United States
The Shah found the climate of "Germany
disagreeably, hot. -He spent most of his
time ¦ indoors and ,when he entered a-spe
cial train ; at. Leipsic on his way to Carls
bad. he took " off his coat, , rolled up his
sleeves and sat at an; open windows fan
ning himself and . Inexpressibly ; shocking
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 7.— News came
from BIsbee to-day that the forest fires in
the Huachuca Mountains still rage and
that the Grand Reef plant and stamp mill
had been destroyed. '..¦-¦•
Forest Fire Rages Unchecked.
PITTSBURG, June 7.— The bicycle races
at the Coliseum were stopped by rain to
day, after the first heat of the motor
paced race between Howard Freeman and
Benny Monroe. . The heat of ten miles
was won. by Freeman in 14:53.
Cyclist Freeman Wins.
-The officers and ladles of the military
posts at the Presidio and Angel Island
played several match games yesterday
on the Presidio courts. Following: are the
results: Doubles— Mrs. Kerwln and Cap
tain-Rumbaugh of the Presidio beat Mrs.
Bush and Captain Buchan of Angel Isl
and 6 — i, 6—0, Captain Rumbaugh and
Lieutenant Lewis of the Presidio " beat
Captain Buchan and Captain Bush of
Angel ! Island . 6—4, 6—0. Captain . Buchan
and;' Lieutenant Lewis played a . single
match,'. but; were \ unable to . finish i on ac
count of darkness.- A -return- match wlil
be played at • Angel Island next Saturday.
Presidio Tennis Matches.
The Associated Oil Company Is quietly
gathering: In territory. The latest addi
tion to holdings of which the public has
any knowledge Is the acquisition of terri
tory by the* combine owned by the "1901"
company. This Is southeast of McKltt
rick. The tract embraces parts of sev
eral sections. The combine is working to
get all the co-operation possible on the
part of the actual producers of oil and Is
making a very large showing In that di
rection. The opposition to Its plans
¦which was manifested In certain quarters
a few months ago has entirely disappear
ed. The advantage of co-operation has
b*-*>n seen.
The Richmond Dally Leader reports
BERLIN, June 7.— The Shah of Persia
took more delight In hearing an Ameri
can -musical machine, ' of which there Is
one' at the Persian - legation, than to lis
tening ¦ to ( .all the crack % military bands.
His Majesty sat In his shirt sleeves for
hours enjoying: ; the strains of ' "The : Star-
Spangled Banner,", and other airs. From
time to time he handed the operator cig
arettes. ' ' : ¦¦ ' - ; . ' "• . »¦'".', - . ¦ ;
SHAH SHOCKS
FINE SOCIETY
The situation in the oil fields of the
State has hot changed materially in the
last month. Thirty new wells were com
pleted and drilling was started on about
the same number. The new rigs up on
the last day of the month numbered
slightly more than those that were in
view at the end of April. Most of the
wells brought in were In the smaller fleld3
and the new production consequently
shows a decline. The oil industry, so far
as 'the. field, work is concerned, Is in the
waiting stage.
By the beginning of the year the refineries of
California alone will be consuming more oil
than .was produced in the State In 1901.
To-day the locomotives and steamers are
consuming- more oil than was produced In the
entire State a year or more- agra; over' 25Q
manufacturing concerns about 'the bay have
discarded coal for/ oil; it ls^ed.ln hundreds
of homes. Oakland alone using: over 1000 gal-
Ions of distillates a day for cooking purposes.
Tank builders have arrived at Bakers
field to put up the tanks that the South
ern Pacific Company requires In the Kern
River field, near the road's branch. line.
Eight tanks will be located there.
The Pacific Oil Reporter, reviewing the
growth in the demand for oil for fuel
says:
_The business of oil refining in Southern
California is proving to be profitable, ac
cording to the Los Angeles Times. The
New Franklin Oil Company, which -began
operations last January, being backed by
several producing oil companies, has de
clared a dividend for the run of five
months of 1 cent a share. The company
grew out of the co-operative action of oil
companies which pooled their oil and took
a share of stock for every barrel of oil
turned into . the refinery. In all 150,000
shares of stock were transferred out of a
holding of 300,000.
that oil has been struck in the Mount
D ,a£?° C° m Pany's well near San Pa*blo
at the depth of 100 feet.
DRESDEN, June 7.— King Albert, whose
Illness was recently announced, has de
veloped an excessive tendency to sleep,
although difficulty of breathing continu
ally interrupts his repose. There was no
improvement in his condition this even-
Ing.
¦ BERLIN, June 7.-^-The King of Saxony's
condition is evidently much worse than
the official bulletins Indicate. Private dis
patches from Slbyllenort represent his
Majesty's condition Is well-nigh hopeless
The Saxony Ministry assembled In per
manence this morning to await the end
Ruler of Saxony Has Tendency to
j:,; Sleep and Difficulty in
" Breathing.
KING ALBERT'S CONDITION
NOW ALMOST HOPELESS
The Shah is equipped with a letter of
credit for- 3,000.000 marks, which sum.
since he and 'his entire retinue are the
Emperor'3 • guests has scarcely been
touched. Among other, gifts the Shah
gave 10,000 marks to the lund for the re
lief of the Martinique, sufferers.
a large military contingent and society
people who were bidding him farewell
and whose ideas of propriety never admit
that a gentleman may.be seen- in his
shirtsleeves. . •
Mayor Catts • of Stockton and C. J.
Jones, Southern Pacific division freight
and passenger agent, have accompanied
the party during the entire trip.
The San Francisco party will start for
home early to-morrow morning, viewing
the west side of the valley on the way.
Judge Bush welcomed j the visitors and
assured them that their friendly purpose
was fully comprehended in Redding. An
drea Sbarboro responded, explaining why
San Franciscans were present, and Irving
M. Scott spoke in a similar strain, being
frequently : applauded. Addresses touch
ing upon the resources and future of
Shasta County were delivered by M. E.
Dittmar and others. Andrew Carrlgan
made a rattling speech for the San Fran
ciscans. The meeting continued to a late
hour, with the result that a complete and
friendly understanding was reached.
In the evening a procession was formed,
with a band at Its head, and the recep
tion committee and the San Franciscans
marched to Armory Hall, where a meet
ing was held at which the attendance
of Redding residents was large. Judge
C. C. Bush presided. On the stage was
the entire San Franco delgation.
A. Johnson, W. J. Gillespie, H. Cllne
schmidt, J. H. Leveck, A. Cordia, F. P.
Pnmm, C. H. Braynard, J. J. Chambers,
J. N. Gregg, J. R. Holt, A. Merrill.
A large tract of timber is now con
trolled by men working In harmony with
the Empire Construction Company, the
ostensible object of which is to build the
Great Central Railway between Coos Bay
and Salt Lake. If the larger railroad
project shall languish the construction
company will build the local road and de
velop the lumbering Industry between
Ivoseburg and Coos Bay. This was the
end in view when M. J. , KInney of Asto
ria some time ago took an option on
Cti.OOO acres of land owned by the South
ern Oregon Company.
Chief Engineer L. D. KJnney of the
Great Central Railroad Company is au
thority for this statement, and he says
arrangements ljave already progressed
far enough to make the Coos Bay-Rose
burg Railroad a practical certainty. As
the matter now stands, i the transconti
nental interests back of the Salt Lake-
Coos Bay enterprise have first call on
the railroad to Coo.? Bay until August 1.
If those interests shall not deem it ex
pedient to carry a transcontinental line
that way they will then be out of it and
the local road will be built by capitalists
interested in the timber of the Coos Bay
section. .; -
done even If the project for a railroad be
tween Salt Lake City and Coos Ba
should fall.
Commercial Men View the Beauty and Learn of the Resources of
Oroville, Marysville, Yuba City, Chico, Red Bluff and Redding.
Vina was passed .inspecting the great
tanks, which collectively contain two mil
lion gallons of brandy and. sweet wine.
Superintendent Rennie was th.e hospitable
host. Irving M. Scott, in the front rank,
suddenly ejaculated:
"Give it up,' boys; you can't drink it
all."
RED BLUFF'S WELCOME.
Red Bluff joined her sister cities and
towns of the Sacramento Valley in ex
tending the good right hand of greeting
to the representative business party from
San Francisco. President Gardner of the
Red Bluff Board of Trade, H. P. Stice,
Paul Stoll, W. H. Fisher, H. P. Suther
land, W. L. Weast and Mrs. Jessie Ryan
and the Misses Mabel Garvin. Isabel Mil
ler, Belle Hammans, Grace Taylor, Annie
Cahoon. Alice Phillips, Carries Johns,
Kate Wehrung. Ethel Valentine, Mrs.
Corrigan and Miss Zella Jones were the
official committees on reception, but "Red
Bluff generally seemed to have partici
pated in making San Francisco welcome.
Every part of the city with charming
and • picturesque ' location was visited.
First a tour was made of the new addi
tion in the Heights, : to which avenues
lined with young shade trees lead. Then
the older residence portions of the city,
abounding in handsome homes, and the
business sections and localities, giving
fine views! of the Sacramento River and
the distant mountains capped with snow,
were visited. Altogether an hour^ was
given to picturesque Red Bluff.
The ladles' committee attached bouton
nieres to Sire Sbarboro and his commer
cial cohorts and when the latter departed
It was with cheers for the ladies and for
Red Bluff.
MEET THE REDDINGITES.
Redding opened up its reception with
the music of a brass band, which was
playing vigorously as the train drew in
at the railroad . station. The delegation
was met ; and. welcomed by a reception
committe composed of C. C. Bush. Ed
ward Sweeny, R. M. Saeltzer, C. Jacob
son, F. Hurst, L. T. Wright, A. H. Brown
William Oxnam,' F. M. Swasey, C. ¦ K
Briggs. T. B. Dozier, M. G. Johnson E.
L. Bailey. O. Grittner, H. H. Noble, G.
COMBINE GETS
NEW TERRITORY
The visitors saw Oroville. Thermalito
and Palermo and the great dredging oper
ations on the lowlands bordering the
Feather River under the most favorable
conditions. While they were absent the
Oroville Ladles' Improvement Club and
other Oroville ladies decorated the in
terior of the special train with flowers and
fruit and supplied it with cake, oranges,
lemons, etc., of Oroville production. Mrs.
W. P. Hammon, president of the Improve
ment club, and Mesdames John Guidery,
Mary Cameron Benjamine, R. M. Green.
Dr. Gates. J. O. Sparks, May Smith, S. H.
"Wilson, James C. Gray, Fred Gray. Frank
Gray, Robert S. Powers, George Braden,
J. A. Lawrence, Daisy Jacobs, Ella Fries-
No stop was made until Oroville was
reached. There the whole town appeared
to have turned out to give welcome. The
Oroville Chamber of Commerce sent W.
A. Beard, D. C. McCallum and A. Eck
man down to Marysville to meet the visi
tors, and they rode back on the special
train. At the Oroville etation the com
mittee of the Chamber of Commerce was
reinforced by President John Guidery
and Will Hcndricks, who, with the oth
ers named, constituted the reception com
mittee. Vehicles were ready to take the
visitors over fixed routes of sightseeing
and all the prominent residents of Oro
ville were in the line of carriages.
FLOWERS, FRUIT AND CAKE.
exclaimed at its marvellous
richness. The special excursion tram
left Sacramento at 4 o'clock this
morning. Sanford Bennett's hurdy
gurdy was tuned and an accom
paniment was thereby supplied to a song
from the rear platform of the last sleeper.
In musical adieu to Mayor Clark and a
f^w other Sacramentans who stayed for
the departure. *
REDDING, June 7.— San Francis
co's business men to-day tra
versed the Sacramento Valley
from er.d to end, reveled in its
delights and wondered and
Airs. D. McCrate, Mrs. Bryden, A. F. Ab
bot, G. Sieber, W. J. Waters. Dr. J. F.
Taples, N. J. Sligar. L. Conrath. M. Rfcis
smger, E. P. McDaniel. J. G. Cohn, Dr.
R. E. Smith, Justus Greely, J. H. Shaffer
Dr. Powell. :.I. Diggs. J. R. Garrett, H.
-Cornforth, Dr. Barr. Kelly Brothers and
tr. Brannan of Marysville: and the follow
ing from Yuba City:. John P. Onstott, K.
<- Kelis, E. B. Starr, G. W. Carpenter,
J. C. Gray, T. E. Holmes. Jacob Onstott,
Jchn Giblln, O. Moneur, E. J. Van Ars
dale S. J. Stabler, G. Bremer, Mrs. A. H.
Wilbur. H. C. Clark. Wesley J. Walton.
Fred Hauss, Frank Butler, W. H. Raub,
M - Jones. B. F. Walton and J. B. Wilkie.
The visitors returned to the station just
in time to take their train, having devoted
the entire hour of their stay to sightsee
ing, and they were very favorablv im
pressed by what they saw. As at"oth°r
places products of the soil were presented
to them— canned poaches from the works
of the Marysville Fruit Packing Compa-
VISIT TO RANCHO CHICO.
Chico gave the business men a ride
through the town and an opportunity
through the courtesy of Colonel C O
Royse. manager of rancho Chico, to view
the General Bidwell property, which is
fifteen miles long and three miles wide
For one delightful hour the visitors rode
through avenues of shady, arching trees
crossed creeks of running water, inspect
ed vast orchards in which the -rows of
peach trees were a mile long. Colonel
Royse explained everything. Then the
visitors went back through the city
which was. very pleasant and homelike'
and prepared to again embark. The
ladies' committee had . assembled in
white dresses and equipped with bou
quets, which they presented. Boxes of
cherries from rancho Chico were placed
on the cars.
The reception committee consisted of
T. H. Barnard, O. L. Clark. B. Cusick
E. T. Reynolds, A. L. Nichols, J d'
Sproul, J. R. Robinson, A. H. Crew, Mes
dames Bidwell. Reynolds, Canfteld, Clark
Barnard, Abrahams, Somner, . Sproul'
Kennedy, Heimbach, McC. Stilson and
Cusick. The town and the ladies were
paid the customary tribute of cheers.
A half-hour at , the. famous winery at
SOME OF THE SCENES THAT DELIGHTED THE EYES OF. SAN FRAN
CISCO CAPTAINS OF COMMERCE WHO A.RE FRATERNIZING
WITH RESIDENTS OF CITIES IN THE SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
THESE GAVE GREETING.
Among those who assisted in entertain
ing the visitors were N. V. Nelson. Mur.it
Brown. Ellis & Ewell, John Moch,
Charles Littlejohn Jr., Garvin Hutchins.
A route had been selected which enabled
the excursionists to view from the car
riages residential. Marysville and Yuba
City, the new Buckeye mill, the Electric
Power Company's substation and gas
plant, the business portion of the city,"
Cortez Square, the convent and the Cath
olic Church; also the Hall of Records, the
residences of Ed Van Arsdale, J. B. wil
kie and Phillips, in Yuba City, and the
rich orchard country surrounding, which
made a charming and suggestive series of
pictures.
Marysville and Yuba City alike selected
reception committees to make the visitors
welcome. The Marysville Chamber of
Ccmmerce committee consisted of Colonel
E. A. Forbes, W. T. Ellis Jr., A. C. Blng
ham. Judge E. A. Davis, Senator W. M.
Cutter, Dr. A. H. Suggett, Richard Bel
cher, W B. Swain and F. W. Johnson.
The Sutter committee consisted of S. J.
Stabler, B. F. Walton and W. H. Raub.
Marysville welcomed the San Francis
cans with open arms. A programme had
been prepared in advance, which consist
ed of long and delightful drives through
Marysville and Yuba City. So lavishly
was the Marysville and Yuba City hospi
tality displayed that the ¦ use of many
more carriages than could be employed
was offered. -
TWIN CITIES ENTERTAIN.
leben. Dr. Jellenik. B. Goldberg. George
Hammon. Frank Briggs. Fresholtz, Klt
treck. John Evans, Dixon. Cox, Boilers,
Hilton. Jo Marks. Chappelle, Larkin,
William Beard. Kate Beard, and the
Misses Kate Tucker, Nola Raymond,
Annie Ragan and Frost were the decorat
ing party. They were rewarded with
three cheers ar»l a tiger by the visitors.
The train stopped at Palermo on the
return over the branch line to Marysville
and cheers wtere exchanged. No speeches
were made in Oroville or vicinity. Sam
ples of olive oil and bottles of mineral
water were carried by the visitors from
Oroville. and literature illustrative of the
region was liberally provided.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
PORTLAND, Or., June 7.— The Oregoni
an to-morrow will nay: It is now positive
ly stated that a railroad will be built be
tween Coos Bay and Roseburg and that
construction will be begun by September
1 at the latest. This, it is said, w^ll be
31The following programme will be ren
dered by the Golden Gate Park band this
afternoon: .
"Star-spanKled Banner": march, "Chaper
one" (WItmarW: overture, "Preclosa" (Web
er): "Pesther Waltz" (Lanner); medley. "Tone
Pictures of the North and South" (Bendix);
grand fantasia from VTannhauser" (Wagner);
overture, "Jolly Robbers" (Supr>e); oboe solo,
"Danse on Reve" (Camomile), J, L. Mund
wyler; selection, "Erminie" ( Jakobowsky) ;
march, "The Yankee Hustler" (by request),
composed by Hon. Eugene E. Schmitz, Mayor
of San Francisco: "Paraphrase From Lucia"'
(Donizetti); "Hall Columbia."
Music at the Park.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
¦ '. Saturday, Juae 7.
I Stmr CoQuiUe River, ". Johnson, 65 hours from
Redondo. ¦ .- 1 ;l
Schr Newark. Nielsen. 11 hours from Walla
Landing.. .. > [<
SAILED.- h
.. . Saturday, June 7.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Sluslaw, with »chr
C A Klose In tow.
Echr C A Klose. "VVUkie. Sluslaw, In tow of
stmr Acme.
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
i PORT BLAKELEY— Arrive* June 7— Schr
Lottie Bennett, from Valoaralso.
Sailed June 7— Schr O J Olson, tor San
Francisco. ¦'
TACOMA— Arrived June 7— Br ahlp Dur
brldge, from Port Townsend: atmr Conemaugh,
from Vancouver; Am bark Charles F Crocker,
from Sam Francisco.
PORTLAND— Sailed June 7— Stmr Lakme.
for San Francisco.
¦-SEATTLE — Sailed June 7— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for San Francisco; «tmr Valencia, for
Nome; stmr Indiana, for Nome.
Arrived June 7 — Stmr DolDhin, from Skag
way: atrar Washtenaw, from Portland.
ASTORIA — Sailed June 7 — Stmr Elmore. for
Tillamook; etmr Columbia, for San Francisco;
stmr Aberdeen, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 7 — Stmr Etru
ila. from Liverpool and Queenstown. .
HONGKONG — Arrived June 7— Stmr Strath
gyle, from Portland, Or, via Yokohama.
SANDY POINT — Arrived June T — Stmr lais,
from San Francisco, for Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed June T — Stmr Victoria,
for Hongkonsr and Tacoma.
SUISUN. June 7. — The second annual reunion
of the Foresters of Solano County was held hers
this evenlmr under the auspices of Court Star '
of Sulsun.
OAKLAND, June 7.— Licenses to . marry
were issued today to John JC Taylor,
aged 28, and Emma Downey, aged 23, both
of Oakland: Relnhold Nelson, 34, Berke
ley, and Nellie Nelson, 33, Oakland;
George W. Brown. 32, and Bridget M,
Murphy, 29, both of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
James Bcciney, who conducts a saloon at
Fourteenth and Mission streets, brutally
beat his wife and her mother, Mrs. Mur
phy, last night, and was then stabbed
twice In the side by George, Murphy,
brother of Mrs. Bonney.
Bbnney beat his wife so brutally that
she had to be taken to the Railroad hos
pital for treatment. He attacked hia
mother-in-law when she Interfered and
knocked her front teeth out.
Mrs. Murphy went to her home at 1776
Folsom street and told her son. He went
to Bonriey's house and found him holding
the baby, -while a neighbor, Mrs. Deitrich,
was attending the injured wife.
Murphy became- so enraged when he saw
his sister's condition that he drew his
pocket knife arid sprang at Bonney, who
held onto the child. Murphy thrust the
knife blade twice Into the saloonkeeper's
left side and left the house.
Bpnney was also taken to the Receiving
Hospital. His wounds are not dangerous.
The police are looking for Murphy.
WASHINGTON, Juno 7.— Truman G.
Palmer of Chicago continued, his state
ment on the subject' of American holdings
of'sugar lands In Cuba before the Senate
Cuban Committee. - ;; V
Summarizing the entire presentation, he
placed the number of Cuban estate^ held
by Americans, individual and corporate,
at 172, with a total acreage of ownership
amounting to 1,482,801, of which 330,816
acres are cane producing. The annual
cane capacity of thlg land he placed at
830,445 tons, but he said that the lands
were not producing to their full capac
ity and some of them not at all. These
American ownerships have waf claims
against the United States amounting In
the aggregate to $41,335,803. .¦ .'.'.
"Some of the American factories for
which claims for damages have been pre
sented," he said, "undoubtedly have not
been rebuilt, but neither the Spanlard3
nor the insurgents 'could have destroyed
the land which was in cane. The cane un
doubtedly was destroyed, but the land
must be in better condition to grow cane
after years of idleness than it was sev
eral years ago, when Cuba produced over
a million tons of sugar per season.
"Whatever additional scaling down may
be done on the statements submitted on
the basis of inaccuracies or misstatements
on the part of the claimants for damages,
the fact must be patent that the holdings
by American citizens of land In Cuba
which is or has been in cultivation are of
sufficient area to produce as great a crop
as tne entire Island turned out this year,
and this is less than one-fourth of the
total area owned by American citizens
and corporations."
ln this connection Palmer said there
were other large acreages of Cuban lands
owned by outsiders which he had not in
cluded In -his list. In this excluded list
he referred to the 150,000 acres of la'nd
which Sir William Van Home had In
formed the committee he had come into
the possession of.
The Conciliation Committee, represent
ing the beet sugar Senators, held its sec
ond meeting with the Republican mem
bers of the Senate Committee on Cuban
Relations to-day. The effort to reach an
understanding on the Cuban reciprocity,
bill was continued, but no agreement was
arrived at. The positive announcement
was made after the conference that the
differences are now no nearer adjustment
than before the first conference was held.
Severely Irjures His- Wife and
Mother With His
Fists.
Figures Are Presented Show
ing Acreage, of Island
Estates. :.
Palmer Resumes ;. Testi
mony Before Cubans
Committee. ' y. '
James Bonn ey, a Saloon-
Keeper, Is Stabbed for
Beating Women,
TELLS SENATORS
OF SUGAR LANDS
MURPHY K NI FES
BROTHER-IN-LAW
SCENE AT THE CORNER
STONE LAYING AND A
PROMINENT MASON. £
.LONDON, June 7.— -The statement of the
Board of Trade for th.e month of Mar -shows
an increase in imports of £826,800; and a de
crease in omorta of £604,700.
WASHINGTON, June ;7.— It was stated
at the residence of General Miles to-night
that he is not coming to Washington until
after the ; ceremonies at West -Point on
June 1L It ;was further stated: that the
general/ Is traveling on the. schedule
mapped out by him before leaving Wash
ington, and that ln pursuance; of these
arrangements he Is Bpendlng the night in
Syracuse and win arrive in New ¦ York
to-morrow forenoon. . • ;
SYRACUSE, N.< Y., i June 7,-r-General
Miles was entertained for . several hours
to-night by Syracuse members of ; hls Civil
War regiment, the Sixty-first* New -York
Volunteers. He declined - to. dlBCUss army
affairs. ~ He left for West Point at 11:45.
Washington Until After West
; v Point Exercises.
Commanding General Will Not Go to
MILES IS -
SIMPLY ON '" SCHEDULE
Live Oak Lodge No. 61. Dr. R. W. Meek,
master; Oakland Lodge No. 1SS, Samuel . I.
Taylor., master;- Brooklyn Lodge No. 225, - J.
C. Downey, master;. Fruitvale Lodge No. '33(3,
C. W; Emery, -ma'ster; Oak Grove Lodsre.No.
216/ Alameda: Alcatraz Lodge No. 244, Dr.
W. K.rSanborn, master; Oakland Commandery
No. 11, K. T., Eminent Commandsr W. C.
During the vocal selections
were renderedby a double choir composed
of Alfred Wilkie. BenClark, A. C. Read,
J. R. Jones, S. D. Mayer, J. F. Fleming,
Dr. R. W. Smith and J. C. Hughes. >
The lodges participating in the exercises
were: - ''., . v '.. . ¦<. .
Mr. Hart applied his lessons upon these
to the United States, showing that thla
country had been founded upon truth, In
telligence and education; that ignorance
•was almost a crime, and that every prin
ciple of the constitution. was framed for
the advancement and uplifting of the
human race. . Imperfections existed, he
admitted, but they were the Imperfec
tions that were constantly manifesting
themselves In human character. ,
He spoke of California on the .Western
shore of this continent, of the wonder of
its mountains and Its valleys, of its cli
mate, of Its. gold and Its productiveness,
of its wonderful scenery, and closed with
a tribute to the women of the State and a
prediction of»the future greatness of Oak
land.
LODGES AND COMMITTEES.
years has embodied the underlying principles of
civic stability and conservatism to so eminent
a degree that its name may well be associated
with the beginnings o£ those material edifices
and monuments. of masonry which. In their
character, typify durability and strength.
It is especially fitting that this great broth
erhood of man, with its adherents in every
ccuntry and in every clime, possessing as it
does such vast antiquity, and devoted as lt Is
in its purposes to the Uplifting of the rac« and
the promotion of principles of humanity and
liberty, should be invited to celebrate with its
impressive ceremonies the laying of the corner
stone of a building belonging to this vast Fed
eral Governmnt. the world's great republic, the
bulwark of liberty and the one organization
of society among men upon which rests the
hopes of aspiring humanity throughout the
th« shifting sands Of the desert the
pyramids of Egypt, that country of mystery
and age, stand as monuments to the patient
hours of labor of multitudes of unpaid laborers.
But buried under those' sands are the corner
stones which made th«m possible. The wonder
ful cathedrals of Europe that have come to
us as legacies from the middle ages, stand, a
wonder to our eyes, filling our measure of the
beautiful. But to every one there Is the cor
nerstone, hidden from 1 view, and these won
derful and beautiful spires, towers and-min
arets exist only Because the cornerstones are
broad, adequate and true.
/As in the material edifice, so ln character.
The foundation must be sure. Only those who
build upon truth and sincerity have the chanc«
to arise from obscurity. The first lesson of
Masonry Is truth. Truth is the foundation of
all religion, and when these have parted com
pany, truth has taken the higher path. In the
human character. If truth is present, greatness
is possible; without it failure is Inevitable. -.
The Enquirer's refusal to. submit In silence
when the water company cajoled the voters
into electing a subservient City Council, v/plch
has sought' to levy abnormal wnter taxes, and
exact from the people th« full pounds of flesh
decreed as due Dingee by an imported Juilge
has made this newspaper abhorent to\ the eves
cf Mr. Dingee. With the bulldozing methods
admired by seme of the Dingee retainers this
scheme was started on its way. An affidavit
of an Enquirer employe waa obtained— how
has yet to be told. Armed with thle. George
A. Oakes is summoned by Dingee'g attorney to
the latter's office. There Emil Nusbanmer
and 'Frank J. Moffitt. after several hours of
threats, bulldozing ar.d braggadocio, Iniuced
him to sign a ready-made affidavit. "This is
treely and voluntarily made." the astut« law
yer wrote in above Oakes' signature. Arm«d
with .documents thus obtained, Nusbaumer
hastened' to the District Attorney, represent
ing "a client unnamed," and demanded that
Dalton and Daniels be at once arrested and
thrown into jail
George A. Oakes In a subsequent . affidavit
tells how he came to sign the document com
ing from him by Nusbaumer and Moffitt. ¦ .
County Assessor Dalton's official action In
tuning up the water company's assessments
l;as caused him to be marked for relentless
attacks by the Dingee corporation. All the
political hacks and subsidized hangens-on of
the insolent corporation art kept on the qui
vive, seeking a dent In Dalton's armor that a
lance may be Inserted.' The Assessor's slash
ing of the former Courthouse ring has never
btcn forgiven.
Jame3 R. Dunn, inspector in charge of
the Chinese Bureau, returned yesterday
frcm Washington, where he has been la
boring on behalf of Chinese exclusion.
the Contra. Costa Water Company, it usually
requires but a ljttle lig-ht to b« thrown behind
the ecenes to disclose Dlngee and bis batcbet
men puliinsr the wires.
Perry S. Heath of the Salt Lake Trib
une, and associate of Senator Clark of
Montana, Is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.
James E. Wadham, a well known attor
ney and extensive rancher of San Diego,
is ct the California.
<AI1 notices intended for this column must
be vouched for by the name and address of a
member of the family sending such communi
cation.)
Mrs. S. Bruce Shattuck, a well known
club woman from Chicago, is registered
at the Grand.
R. M. Strauss, a mining man who has
ma-le an extended tour of Mexico, Is at
the Lick.
J. H. Einhorn, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, ie among the arrivals at the Cali
fornia. :v,-~ '¦¦-"::
M. H. Flint, inspector of the U. S. Mall
Service at Los Angeles, is at the Occiden
tal.
A. P. Stewart, traveling passenger agent
of the Chicago and Alton, Is at the Occi
dental.
Thomas O. Toland, a member of- the
State Board of Equalization, is at the
Lick.
R. D. Hatch, a grain man of Novato, is
at the Lick.
T. H. Dudley of Santa Barbara is at
the Palace.
G. G. Brooks, a Colusa fruit grower, is
at the Grand. -
J. Harvey McCarthy of Los Angeles is
at the Palace.
W. H. Post, a- merchant of Stockton, is
at the California.
E. C. Farnsworth, an attorney of Vlsa.
llt, rs a guest at the Lick.
R. M. Gre^n, a druggist and mining
man of Oroville. is at the Grand.
Jesse Poundstone. a. grain man of
Grimes, is registered at the Grand.
PERSONAL.
MODESTO, June 7.— Reports of serious
grain fires are coming ln from different
parts of the county. Following news of
the buning of 320 acres of grain on the
west side of the San Joaquin, belonging
to H. Messer. comes the story of a larger
fine near Oakdale. this county, on Thurs
day evening. S. M. Watson lost 100 acres
of fine wheat. Dr. J. Thompson and Rob
ert Thompson, 200 acres of wheat; Hob
son & Saufly, seventy-five tons of hay;
Haslacher & Kahn a large quantity of
unmeasured hay, and James McLeod suf
fered a slight loss. Between 2000 and
3000 acres pasture land was burned over.
The fire, it is claimed, was started by a
spark struck from the shoe of a trotting
horse.
FIRE SWEEPS GRAIN FIELDS.
RAYMOND, June 7.— TheYosenilte tpur
1bt hotel here was destroyed by fire to-
PAGO PAGO, May ,20.— The indulgent
conciliatory policy . the United States
Government displayed toward the Samoan
people Is. being taken advantage of by
the Samoans. In one case a county chief,
when summoned to attend -the command
ant ' for disobedience of orders, came to
Pago. Pago w(th all the able-bodied men
of nls county and publicly declared that
his people would secede from- the United
States.' When he found the Government
able to defend itself ' against insult and
also to protect the Tutuila people he ac
cepted the rule of the United States.
The. insult: referred to arose out of- a
difference between the people of the isl
and of Tutuila and those of Manua, as to
¦which is entitled to precedence. . -
can Power.
but Soon Submits to Ameri-
County Ruler Seeks to Ignore Orders,
CHIEFTAIN IN SAMOA
, FEARFT7L OF UNCLE SAM
"-It is a noteworthy fact that the Masonic fra
ternity ij the only organization of Jts charac
ter ln.the world that Is ever called upon or
requested to officiate upon occasions of this
kind— the laying of cornerstones of non-secta
rian public buildings.
It is right that this should be so, not only
because the tradition* of Freemasonry assign
its origin to the association of operative ma
sons at a time as remote as the building of
King Solomon's Temple,, but more particularly
is It proper because speculative Masonry of the
present day embodies, and for the >last 300
Grand Orator E. H. Hart was then In
troduced by Grand Master Wells and
proved --his title to the office that he
holds in the fraternity. He said in -part:
FIRST LESSON IN TRUTH.
Constitution of ' the United States, flag of
the United States, charter of the city of Oak
land, names of the President of the United
States, members of the Cabinet. United. States
Senators from California,' Congressman from
Third Congressional District of California,
Governor of California, Supervisors of Alameda
County and Mayor of city of Oakland; pro
ceedings of the M. W. Grand Lodge of the
State of California, 1901; the "Three Great
Lights" of Masonry; constitution and by-laws
of Live Oak Lodge .No. • 61. F. and A. , M. ;
Oakland Lodge No. 188, F. and A. M. ; Brook
lyn Lodge No. 225, F. and A. M.; Alcatra*
Lodge No. 244. F. and A. M. ; Oakland Chap
ter No. 38. R. A. M.; Oakland Council No. 12,
B. and S. M. ; Oakland Commanrlery No. 11
K. T. ; Oakland Lodge of. Perfection No. 2.
A. and A. S. B.: Gethsamane Clmpter No. 2
Rose Croix, Ar and A. S. R.; De Molay Coun
cil No. 2. K. K., A. and A. S. R.; Oakland
Consistory No. 2. Masters of the Royal Secret,
A; and A. S. R. ; silver 'coins of the United
States: copies of the Oakland Enquirer, Tribune
and Times; souvenir of attaches of Oakland
postofuce; scroll containing account of laying
of cornerstone. . ;
OAKLAND, June 7.— The Grand
Lodge of Masons of the State of
California, assisted by the vari
ous Masonic bodies of Alameda.
j County, conducted the ceremonies
I surrounding the laying of the cornerstone
I of the ijew Oakland Postoffice this after
1 noon. Special arrangements were made
j by the Masonic order for this event, and
I with beautiful climatic conditions, music
j and song, oration and solemn ritual, the
'¦ great gray block of granite was set in its ,
1 place and the walls of Oakland's first
Federal building will now grow rapidly
above it.
! When the Grand Lodge of Masons
agreed to conduct the services the local
arrangements were placed in the hands
of a committee composed of representa
tives from all of the Masonic bodies of
the county. These provided a parade, the
music of bands,- vocal selections and the
general arrangements. Grand Orator E.
I H. Hart, who is a resident of Berkeley.
i agreed to deliver the oratiorr;' and the cer
| emeniea are provided for in the rituals of
i the order. ... . . .,
The members of the order -gathered at
the Masonic Temple in the afternoon.
There they formed in line, with Grand
Master W. S. Wells of the Grand . Lodge
at the head. Following him were the va
rious officers of the Grand Lodge. Oak
land Commandery No. 1J. of the Knights
Templar, In full uniform,. under the com
mand of Eminent Commander W. S.
Price, acted as escort to the seven blue
ledges and the various lodges of the
Scottish Rite Masons who participated.
The Fifth Regiment Band furnished tha
marching music, but the boys 1 band from
the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto attracted all of the at
tention and furnished the band solos dur
ing the exercises. The little fellows made
a great hit and were roundly applauded
by the audience.
NEW ERA FOB OAKLAND.
At the bullding\seat8 were provided for
members of the Grand Lodge and the
other Masonic bodies • grouped them
selves about on a temporary flooring
that had been thrown over the building
. for the occasion.
Grand Master W. S. Wells formally
opened the Grand Lodge, and with a
few earnest words spoke of this event I
as inaugurating a new era for Oakland.
He expressed the hope that prosperity
and greatness would come to this citly
and that, no failure would come to either
the community or the building that waa
about to be dedicated to the public use.
Then followed the ceremonies of prov
ing the Btone with the square, level and
plumb, and the administration of the corn
of plenty, the wine of refreshment and
the oil of happiness. Grand Master Wells
then read the contents of the copper box
that was placed in the cornerstone, as
follows:
The fire is still burning, but it is prob
able that the Nevada House will be saved.
The total loss will not be less than $50,000.
Walstab is the heaviest loser, to the ex
tent of probably $10,000.
There. was little insurance, as the places
have been generally cancelled by the com
panies. ¦ •
Following is a list of the owners of the
buildings destroyed: E. T. Lothrpp, M.
Maguire, C. W. Walstab, Wadsworth
Supply. Company, H. Dalton. C. W. Kin
ney & Co.. E. E. OUnghouse, Dr. E. W.
O'Brien, J. A. Gregory, George Huberth,
estate of William Donaldson.
WADSWORTH'S HEAVY LOSS
WADS WORTH, Nev., June 7.— Flro
starting at 2 o'clock this afternoon in the
kitchen of Lothrop's Hotel and saloon
swept the row east to the annex of the
Nevada .Hotel. The buildings were of
wood, and the flames made rapid head
way. The railroad depot was on fire many
times, but the fire department saved it
by hard work.
The fund for the King's Daugh
ters' proposed new home is grow
ing all the lime. Subscriptions that
have come in lately have raised the sum
total to 565S8 IS. This leaves in round
numbers 513,500 more to be raised before
the new home, that is to cost $20,000, can
bs built. The ladies are looking this bis
sum bravely in the face, however, and
hope to conquer in their determination
to carry out the project. The latest in
comes have been received from the foi
lcwing sources: Rummage sale, $550; A.
H. Hills. $100; a friend, $100; Dr. Dille'a
lecture. $40; Miss C. S. Playter,'$25; Mrs.
C. D. Pierce, $20; friends, .$30: Mr. Halla-.
nan. $10; C. E. Cornell. $10; Mrs. William
Moller, $10; Daughters of Israel Relief
bociety. $10; What Can You Do Circle,
First Methodist Episcopal Church. Berke
ley, $10; mite glass boxes, $8 13; Mrs. Law
ton, il; Miss Lawton, $5; W. T. Bellars,'
$5; Mr. Bonsac, $5; Mrs. Hastings, $5; H.
D. Scribnet. $5; Mr. Lindley, $5; a friend,
$2: a friend. $1; Mr. Dewey. $1; total,
JH62 13.
* Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, June 7.
There was a deluge of statements to
day in the charges and counter-charges
that are 'floating about County Assessor
Henry P. Dalton, G. B.. Daniels of the
Oakland Eno.uirer, Emil Nusbaumer, wtio
sprung the affidavits that caused" all ihe
trouble, and i'rank J. Moffitt. These
fctatements were consequent upon the sec
ond affidavit of George A. Oakes, and all
of them are what is sometimes called
"ealty." -*» -- :;_
Through these statements run such
words as "blackmailer" and "felon." re
marks at)out "hatcnetmen" and the use •>*
"threats' and "bulldozing." Defiance is
hurled by each side witn challenges to
sue lor libel.
On ihe whole, it is a merry war that
bids fair to get away from the question of
wnether lo5 books were ever delivered to
the county of Alameda in return for $1575
paid by the county. There are indications
that it will involve other issues, the own
ership of water companies and newspa
pers, and it may run up agaivits a candi
dacy for Governor. As for minor county
politics there is not a candidate for office
nor a "politician who has not taken refuge
in his storm cellar, for when such charges
as these are floating about and when
great forces are battling the safest piace
lor the small try is out of the way.
Frank J. Motnit. having been brought;
into the controversy, makes the declara
tion that G. B. Daniels "ought to be
wearing stripes in the penitentiary."
This, Moffitt announces, is libelous and he
dares Daniels to sue him for libel, civilly
or criminally, and offers to prove his as
sertion if such a suit is brought.
* DINGEE IS INTEEVIEWED.
William J. Dingee. president of tho
Contra Costa Water Company, has been
interviewed as to his connection with the
matter. Mr. Dingee resurrects the o'.d
charge that was made a year ago that G.
B. Daniels had tried to secure fw.OOO from
the water magnate, with which to pay
the note then standing at the Central
Bank lor the stock that Daniels nominally
heJd, and he says that the attitude of
Daniels and the Enquirer is due to the
fact that he refused to be "blackmailed"
out of that amount- "Blackmail" is a
hard word to use. but Mr. Dingee uses It
in apparent abandon.
. Emil Nusbaumer has a few words to
s£y that are mild as compared with the&e.
lie coos softly, but there is danger in the
coo. for h»* suggests that the people of
Alameda County have already paid the
piper and it is about time that they
Itarn v here their music is. "Nusy" is no
lcngcr full af fire and brimstone; he
merely wants to know where those books
are.
On the other hand, there appears a
blast in the Oakland Enquirer, set in
three-column measure, in which it is de
clared that the Contra Costa Water Com
pany is behind these attacks, and Nus
baumer and Moffitt are called "Dingee's
hatchetmen."
So it is that while the assembling of the
Grand Jury is being awaited the various
parties to these charges are not ceasing
their attacks, and each new assault adds
to wonder as to where it is all going to
end.
OAKES' SECOND AFFIDAVIT.,
Following is the positive statement
made by Frank Ji Mofiitt to-da,y:
The Becoqfl affidavit- of Oecrge Gates Is sim
ply an t-xcuse for making the first. - In effect
it is an admifrion that ail ihe material allega
tions of th? first affidavit are true. He does
not deny reeeMJOE the orders for the books,
that he hypothecated the orders with Lank
tree and "that he indbrsed the checks over to
G. B. Daniels. Kc does not assert that he
ever delivered the books nor does he claim
that the books v.-ere ever delivered. He does
r.ot allege that he received any of the money.
' Daniels excuses himself Tor plundering the
county by saying I am connected with the
¦water company. My connection with the water
company is admitted. It is well known that I
tm a stockholder in the company and there
lore interested in its welfare. Daniels has for
years been abusing me in his paper, and I owe
Mm nothing but ill-will. 1 believe he ought
to be w earing strides Jn the penitentiary. This
statement is llbelous. but I am personally and
financially responsible for it. and I will take
pleasure in proving in the courts that he is
a felon if he will only prosecute me. If he
will sue me civilly I will answer immediately
and deposit a certifW check for $5000 to
cover any damages he may recover. . I will
resort to no technicalities, but will etand upon
the charges made ln the Stedman and Cakes
affidavits. If he will prosesute me criminally
1 will gc into court at once and establish his
guilt.
DANIELS MUST" EXPLAIN.
As for Da! ten, I ha\~e no grievance against
him and bear him no Ill-will. Therefore I have
nothing to eay about his connection with the
affair. But Jjsnie'.s will have to show whether
he robbed the county or the stockholders of the
Enquirer Publishing Company.
William J. Dingee told this to a local
newspaper:
I would like to know how I can have any
thing: but antagonistic feelinjrs toward men or
a newspaper that have been slandering me day
in end day out for over a year, simply because
I refused to be blackmailed out of $55,000.
Emil Kusbauraer writes as follows:
Up to the present writing the situation is
this: DaJton and Daniels are charged with in
fiucir^ and elding and abetting the presenta
tion of two false claims to the county, one for
thirty notebooks and one for seventy-five
working rolls. This charge was made Monday
'8ft. As yet no books have been brought for
v.ard corresponding to the tills. As yet no
*ntries have bten shown from or upon the En
quirer books to show that such books were
made or delivered or that the money received
by Daniels as shown by the checks wai cred
ited to the Enquirer.
TAXPAYEES WANT LIGHT.
The defense thus f»r ha* been that I am
connected with the water company and that
Mr. Moffit is my client. I apprehend that
while thesf matters may be of interest to the
taxpayers they want light upon the question of
whether or not this money waa stolen from,
•-the countyl Upon this question thus far .no
evidence has been furnished by the accused
that this money was not stolen; nor ha* much
theft even been denied. -
In reference lo Mr. Oakes. his written state
ment to me etill etznds uncontradicted and If
true shows him guiltless.
The Enquirer to-night publishes the fol
lowing:
George A. Oakes, ln an affidavit which in
printed below, throws a caldum-llght plow
upon some of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's methods in obtaining ammunltJoa to
fcuri at its opponents. He shows quite plainly
that Emil ICusbaumer. the political attorney
el Dir.gce, and Frank J. Moffitt. whose wak
ing and sleeping hours for j-ears have been
devoted to upbuild the Dlngee Interests, wer«
the manipulators of the liitest attack upon
Courty A*!«essor Henry P. Dalton and the En
quirer by its manager. G. B. Daniels.
When vicious attacks are made upon public
officials or other citizens in this city, who
J-.ave tried to stand between the peopi* and
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. June 7.
Receipts From Entertain
ments Increase the Sum
Total Materially.
Dingee Talks About "Black
mail" and Daniels About
"Eatchetmen."
King's Daughters* Re
ceive Additions to
the Fund.
Mcffitt Dares Daniels to
Bring Suit for
STRONG WORDS
ARE NOW USED
RAISING MONEY
FOR NEW HOME
32
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
Block of Granite With Its Interesting Contents Is Deposited With
Fitting Ceremony and Speech-Making* .
MASONS OFFICIATE AT LAYING
OF POSTOFFICE CORNERSTONE
Price. Major C. T. Poulter acted as marshal.
• The committees from the local lodges
who had charge were: ¦
Chairman. George H. Smith ;»Alcatraz Lodge
— C. H. Redington, H. B. Schindler. C. E.
Snook; Alcatraz Chapter, R. A. M.— F. D.
; Williams, H. A. Glines, 1 W. G. Mobley; An
cient and Accepted Scottish Rite Masons— E.
; H. Morgan, A. L. Smith. F. F. Jackson A
1 Ii. Ott; Oak Grove Lodge — C. H. Wever G
H. Payne. J. Nolan -
Oak Leaf Chapter No. SO. O. E. S. — W. T.
Hamtltoa, Mrs. Salo L. Beckwith. Annie E.
Gage; Fruitvale Lodge — C. 11. Grunman, C \V
Emery, J. Hamrael; Live Oak Lodse — Dr R
W. Meek. F. K. Mott. F. G. White; Brooklyn
Lodge — Charles D. IJayes, J. "W. Adams. J. C
Foster; Oakland Chapter No. 140. O E S —
Mrsr L. I. Leber, Mrs. I. Warner Mrs. !• S
Church; Oakland Commandery No. 11 — John
A. Brltton; Oakland Chapter No. 36 R.- A.
M.— F. D. Voorhles. F. R. Woolsey. G. H.
Smith.
The Favorite Champagne
"WHITE SEAL"
DRY; Delicate, Delicious,
The gain in importations of Mpet & Chandon. Champagne during 1801 was
equal to more than 100 per cent of the combined increase cf all other. Champagne
Houses. — "Bovjort'i Wine & Spirit Circular."
©G ; -, — , ; ; . OO
© -^ ¦ , -. ¦'' " '¦ '' •-¦ -¦¦ ¦' .^.- "¦ ¦¦•-:. ¦ ' ¦-¦*¦¦-¦• ; V "¦• "¦ '¦¦ ¦: ¦ ¦¦;¦- »-.i." : "^»,"-.YH'>-Bl-;-' ©
1 Even Unto Old Age Yoa |
I Youth With Its Light Heart/ Elastic Step, |
§ / Coitrage and Tireless Energy. You §
g J May Be Free From Pains and Aches |
| W and Defy Your Years. g
© " V If {I *^^» There is a fountain of perpetual a
a II B /^h youth, and you have only to reach %
% wMmi^ III out your hand - and take lt - You can §
• sf^3&3k III 11^:^^^^ drink of i,t until your heart shouts •
© -~^*^' j^ with gladness, and with all your %
• %$/ y^uJ^ \*^^ might you will proclaim as. other 5
% 4&*w ' j<4&^^ men have, ©
I Mh>- I \ $k "I AM A MAN!" I
0 J^fi§k\ A X *S L * ke tn e<giants of old, you can be in your prime at %
® JlilSlill \ N Wk sixty— strong, vigorous and full of youthful enthusiasm, g
® iiSKHnffifs V t '' 1 TWK ' G. E. Brlntan, 51U4 Broderlck street. San Francisco. Cal.. writes May 9 S
© ra&£»$K&ilt& \ VlViVil''^M 1902: " Over a y ear **° * Purchased one of your Belts, havtns suffered for 2?
& ffiSSe^wSttS 5«v,V\iAm* ,\'i V-^IA ' years previous to that from rheumatism, indtzeition and nervousness, and for °
2? which I had tried doctors and medicinei without number, without obtaining the O
rv$? fttf^Ma/ £8!&&§£§r^g slightest relief. After tvearinK your Belt but a short time I besan to see- an Q
© «^^&V>»^/5S3wJPTlB3nf?7li impn.vfnjent. and it waa not long before every symDtom cf my old troubla dis- n
<$ P«Hr«£l W flsSk'SuffiuSss? '} appeared. I take pleasure in recommending the Bell whenever opportunity pre- S
O fiKlSf*??! a iffj&thWflvM???- & ¦ sents itself. I am eighty-one. years old. have a good appetite, sleep well, and **
S ' flSKgoMi ¥&' 'W*f* HlwS&Jk have Ealne(1 ln wel £ht since wearing your wonderful Belt." . ©
° fliill^lt ' / tUti If you feel young you are young. Youth is strength, g
• v BrviM«L iHHs 0U ve stren £ t; k >* ou can e fy y° ur y eaf s. ©
g W /^^^ IB&P My Electric Belt will warm your heart and fill your o
© /Mi$m //!&m!$k body with the fire of youth. It will iimber your joints and §
9 //i il^l SlyiM pUt springs in your le S s * lt wiU make y° u feel glad with g
® //# «1HI^ '¦'"'' */L 'JPP the joys of youthful vigor. . ©
® US HBSW ( "lOk WffiM Adam Theobald. 860 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.. writes April 2. 1902- $
© //.••' Ws&r IS/Sm V//Mi«- "Several -months ago I purchaa«d one of your Belts and placed myself under ®
fh U ' W if Jft XMi/m y° ur care> hl * v l n e become disgusted tryin* ether kinds of treatment adminis- ©
eL Wr //n8HB» yZ/Jtfy. tered by the best doctors In the city, but without results. I suffered from ner- O
*s W IBBS^B ' K3%? ' vousnesa. extreme debility and rheumatism. One application of your wonderful 7\
0 • II /ffiHjEg £%%, ' Belt convinced me of its merits, and I gradually Improved until to-day I am X
(g ¦• III ,/Awfflg liPlbv a well man. I take pleasure ln recommending your Belt to all sufferers." O
© /' V/SShM WiS^^ Isn>t that f °° d *° r ske P tics? Such letters as I receive %
® t / //^^BBrepiP^^^^Ss would convert even u bigoted old-school doctor, and he g
© J/.ll yQIBB&^^^wF can see no & ooc * i* 1 anything but physic. ©
% \yA^^fifftff0-^^ : ' ve me a man W^k P a * ns m *" s back, a dull ache in %
© <c **' his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoul- §
e » . ders^ chest and sides, Sciatica in his hip, Lumbago, Rheu- O
• matism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive S
© out every sign of. pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. §
a , John Geary. Point Reyes, Cal.^ wrjte« May 14. 1002: "Tours of the 7th Inst.' Is at hand, and ln reoly would state that I have ©
•*» been wearln* the Belt since I bought it of vou, and now my back does not trouble me In the least, in fact, for the last two months Q
I have not had a pain. I am quite confident that your treatment has permaaently'cured me." S
© They come every day fronfeverywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country °
g which has not cures by Dr. McLcVughlin's Electric Belt. §
© Now what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, §
e can^ you, ask any better proof to make "you try it? Is there a remedy which is as simple, as %
| easy to use, as sure to cure, and as-cheap as Dr. McLa'ughlin's Electric Belt? I have not s'een o
| one. You must tryjt/ In justice to yourself^and to those who look to you for their future hap- ©
9 piness, try it now. ; Act this minute. Such a matter ought not to be delayed. g
S J*'j as g?°3^ or women as for men. . Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel 2
• the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but W sting, no burning, as in old-style belts. ©
• Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes to read if* he S
2 .wants to be a strong man. I send it sealed, free.'if you will inclose this ad "2
1 DRPM. C. McLAUdHLIN, s TREET . f
IHHnNHIHNHHMtMtNMmMHHtMNtNMHNiMHHHIMM'The Country Club held its last meeting- Tues
day, June 3, at the home of Mrs. Montross,
Iivlngton. Some important business was c'.is
cussed. Perhaps the most interesting to the
ladles was the proiect of building a commo
dious club house In some central location. The
membership has now reached such proportions
that the ladles feel justified In contemplating
the erection of their own club house. Mrs.
Ford read a humorous account of the H'ndooV
l(?ea of the origin of woman. Mrs. Haley real
an Interesting article on the manner In which
our forefathers went- a wooing. The Country
Club will take a vacation for two months, re
suming work In September, and will contlnus
the study of anthropology with other topics
Interspersed.
The Missouri Society of California will tender
a reception to the visiting Missouri Shrlners on
Monday evening, June 16, In the parlors of th2
Y. M. C. A. It will be a Eugene Field even-
Ing, an impersonator having been engaged to
render his choicest selections." The rest of the
evening will be devoted to forming acquaint
ance of our Eastern friend.?. Refreshments will
be served and a general good time is expected.
The president of this society is Attorney Gen
eral Tlrey L. Ford; vice president. Eugene A.
Brldgford; secretary,. M. L. Spencer.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
The engagement of. .Miss Ruby Marks of
Portland, Oregon, and Samuel Werthelmer of
E?lt I-ake City is announced.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Levy of 849 Fulton street
announce the engagement or their daughter
Mary to SIsrfried Pels."
geles— Dr. H. H. Pillsbury. Dr. H. F. Pills
bury, Arthur C. Pillsbury; from Ganlnervillc,
Nev. — John Barrett; lrom Reno, Nev. — Harry
Wilkerson. . . ¦ •
Arrivals at Byron Hot Springs last week are:
From San Francisco — Landry C. Babln an'l
wife, Mrs. L. Cousin, Miss P. Cousin, Edward
E. Cook. Miss M. A. Buckley, H. L. Shannon,
wife and tamily, D. H. Murphy, Mrs. P. Jo
seph, J. Hall Lewis, G. R. Hitchcock. Edward
Newman, Joseph E. Ward. Edward Clarke.
Sarah Jewett. P. B. Lynch. Allan K. Wilson,
Kenneth C. Hamilton, Mrs. Hamilton. J.
Greenraum and wife, M. Blaskower and wife,
J. M. Kaufman, J. T. Bill, B. J. Bell, Mrs.
A. Franklin, Mrs. Max Saloman; A. Ward,
Mrs. J. T. Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Weg
ener, W. J. Duval, H. H. Pierce, D. C. Sulli
van. Ed Grundy and wife, H. C. TUden,
Charles F. McMenomy. Professor Llsser. J. G.
Burton, P. E. Davis, Henry Goldwater, Miss
Beth Goldwater, Mls3 McCarron, J. H. King
man, Charles L. Shalnwald. S. Katten, Jay.O.
Adams. E. J. Wales, Otto Branndorf, Miss Rose
Ellen Hecht. W. W. Pierce. J. S. Quiglej-, J.
M. Walden, T. Brilliant and wife, L. Kothen
berg, G. Mosebacher, A. Nelson. Mrs. S. Llch
tensteln, Mrs. Patterson, W. C. Peters, Fred
Kahn; from Oakland — Max Marcuse, Wallace
Everson, A. Fibush, Everett Ames and wife;
from Stockton — J. B. Melpche, Colonel H. L.
Shaw, A. V. Wilbur; lrom Fresno — T. K. Kel
lcck, F. M. Remain, Carter R. Prince, T. M:
Collins, J. D. Collins; from San Jose — Robert
McConnell; Mrs. D. Joost; Salt Lake city;' N.
Callaghan . and wife, Colllnsvllle; C. Studarcs,
Sacramento: John Melster and wife. V. A.
Bierke, Silver City, Nev. ; J. E. Taylor, Fruit
vale; Henry Heilorn, Antloch; William R.
Scott, Carters, Cal.; Ople Harper, Jackson.
TTie following guests registered at Agua
Callente Sprlnxs last week: From San Fran
cis^o—Mr and Mrs. F. L. Brown and two
children, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Wettlg, G. F.
O'Brien, Mr. and Mrs.* J. W. Hamm. Miss
Beulah Hamm, Mrs. Eugenie Jones, George
P. Selth, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Mitchell, Mis-.
Marie Sorbier, Mr. and Mrs. Robert H. Bush.
Herbert E. • Medle3', Mr. and Mrs. John F.
Barrett. Mrs. D. ' F. Keefe, Francis Keefe.
John Keefe, Mrs. M. Seaton, Ellen Downing.
Mrs. George Day. Vincent Kehoe, John J.
Flanagan, M!s3' Mary Foudy, Mrs. J. Martin.
Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. Courtemarsh and two
children. Sonoma— H. Barrett Shaw, Miss
Ette McGumosley. " Sulsun— Miss Mae Swee
ney. Santa Rosa — Miss Sara Jacobs, Miss
Hattie Jacots. ' .
Recent arrivals at Klamath Hot Springs are:
San Francisco — R. McNamara, Mrs. W. W.
Grissim: Oakland, E. R.Dille; Sacramento— =
E. V. Schaw, Mrs. J. XV. Myers; Henly, F. S.
Fradenburg: Grldley, Marion Biggs; Bigg?,
Mrs. O. C. Hawkins; Dunsmulr, D. C. Brown;
Weeds Mill, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wright;
Pacific Grove, Thomas Fllben; Portland, Or.—
H. H. Bawley,' P. B. -Duren; Ostrander, Wash.
C. W. Jensen, P. L. Howe. Mrs. Nora Ing
ram; Cottage Grove, Or., J. D. Cochran; Bos
ton, Mass., XV. ' M. Harding.
Recent arrivals at El Monte Hotel. Los
Gatos are: San Francisco — Philip Morshead,
Fred Overbeck. B. ' F. Sibley and wife. L. H.
Caig and family, H. ¦ B. Bunnel, Mrs.- A. H.
Thomson, J. Bohannan and wife; R. K. Smith.
Alameda— M. Jocst and wife. Mrs. .B. Schley;
Oakland — R. Luscumbe, B. Robinson; San Jose
A Miller, J. Caspers and family; B. Bado
vlch G. Fitch and wife, C. Thomson; L<s An
geles — c., MUlard, R. Johnson ' and wife. B.
Thomson and lamily; Denver — H. Davis and
wife. R. Pnlmer and family. H. Mahoney, G.
Hamlln and .wife; New York — M. Brown and
wife, H. Jebsen and family, Mrs. Antonio
Schwanicke, M. MaUardle and wife; Chicago —
C. Hald and' wife. B. Palmer.
THE GEYSERS — Arrivals at the'Geyser3
during the week were: 1 From San Francisco —
Miss Roselle Heyman, Oscar Heyman. Miss
Nellie Oppenhelmer.. H. C. W'yman and Wife,
E. Ensteln and wife, Miss Gertie H. Cooney,
Mlsa Nellie Cunningham, Robert Bruce and
wife. Miss Jeannette Bruce, Miss Bertie Bruce,
Mannle Sllbersteln and wife, F. XV. Stephenson,
G. "VV. .Turnejr and wife, Mrs. C. Turner, C. L.
Schmitt and Wife, Thomas Magee Jr. and wife.
Miss Ca'rolan. Miss Annie Seymour. Miss Belle
Stephenson, Mrs. L. , B. Fowler. Fred N. El
liott,J.' A. Albouze and son, Mrs. S. Cavey,
John Muller, A. Hamerslog. C. O. Perry. A.
E Krouske and -wife, Mrs. L. H.' McRoskey,
Mrs Sidney W r alker, Miss N. E. Readmaster,
Mr "and Mrs. Rugs,- J.' E. Tobln and wife,
Charles N. Mentz. John H. Borman. Amerlcc
Massano, H., B. Lane and wife. Miss L.\ R.
Lane, L. H. Morris and "wife. Master Charley
Morris 'Miss Helen Morris. • Oakland — F. P.
Cutting and wife, Mrs. CO. Brown. F. B. Dal
lam and wife. J.F. Wiggins and wife, Richard
Bohls and wife. Master Welmyn Uallam, Wil
liam Baurhyte > and ' wife, ¦- Mrs. C. A. Graaf,
Mrs A. C. Yothers, D. K.' Lemner. Alameda —
T L. Van ' Meter • and wife, Harry L. Van
Meter B. IB/ Hulse and wife. Ross — Allen J.
Kittle MIsh Kittle, E. C. Thurston. Cloverdale
Mrs. • J. H. Densmore, Mrs. . S. , W. NeUon.
Bloomfleld — Rev. Oliver M. Herter and ¦ wife.
Redwood City — Mrs. Elizabeth Venter, Mrs.
Emily W.. Vasquez. San Rafael — Mrs. W. G.
Curtis.' Mrs. Charles Chrlstensen. Miss Mariam
Chrlstensen. Cincinnati, Ohio — Jacob L.
Lazarus and wife; Miss R.' Lazarus, Miss Mar
tha Lazarus, Master. Joseph! Lazarus..
• BARTLETT SPRINGS — Recent arrivals at
' Bartlett'.Sprln£Syare: .From <San -Francisco —
Ttecpr.t arrivals at Camp Curry. Yo=em!te,
lire: J. W. Sands, P. Peterson. San Francisco;
George E. Matt';. Stent: Mr. and Mrs. E. M.
Grunsky. Stockton: h'.rr.. and Miss Deattle.
Orecnville, S. C; Profepsor James P. Hall,
Profwssor Max Ferranrl. Palo Alto; Charles H.
BriKgs. Minneapolis. Minn.: Bruce F. Brown.
3. M. rMiclman. Berkeley: Otto Schule, Oixon;
O. M. Parker. Tucson. Ariz.: Harry E. Brlgjrs,
Panadena; I^ouIf A. WpMj. I.onsr Branch;
Frank H. Hast'-r. W.-itEonvilie: Newton S. Kel
rcy, San Francinc-o; Jump* S. Hyanon. Salinas-
Mrs. K. A. Grr^lty. M'fe M. Dust»r. New
York: Mrs. E. O. fiotdon, Pa'o AUt: Mr* U
Tr^cn. Dr. T. Q. Trew. Sen trip; Mi 8 g Bessie
Wilson, Miss Hernice Wilson. Mi«5 Aljjt W«:«jn
Jtmes Bailey. MI.se Florence Bailey. Mr. and
ilrc, TV. A. Ptone. Mis« J^psle C. Rrodle, Mr
*n<J Mrs. J. M. Merrill. Mrs. M. R. Roberts
Baa Franciacc; Mrs. Annie Grattan, New York-
Late .arrivals at Hotel El Paso de Robles
•re: San Francisco— Mr. and Mr?. John C
Lynch, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Seymour. Miss Kitty
fceymour, Mies Dolly Seymour, James Hogg,
K. A. Kober, P. F. Konke. J. A. Lyons, J. A.
Htutbs, Adolph Klaw, C. A. Page, E. Hushes,
H. G. Playfalr, R. C. Bolten, George I. Tay
lor Ed Farnum, Leo I. Stock, B. F. Welling
ton. Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Bert. W. H. King,
Miss Kate McGrath. Mrs. Finn. John F:nn,
Ed Mixer, B. Ross, Miss Burnstine, Miss Jen
rie Bernstlne, J. N. Elstun. -C. J. Larson. Mrs.
A. Larson and son, R. H. Pennock, T. B.
Parker, S. L. Hoffman, T. D. Miller, XV. XV.
Bcott, S. Baruch, John C. Meyer. L. H. Sam
uels, W. J. Davis, Fred R. Koening. Stanley
Ponton de Arce, L. Feschbeck and wife, T. 1".
fclvley. H. H. Haynes. C. E- Innes. R. E. Car
ter, Al Bohle, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Fay, Matter
Fay, Roger B. Friend. W. P. Schroder. Louis
Ftraus. j. A. BerriEtine, Mr. and Mrs. H C.
Van Ne?s. Mr. and Mrs. James Stewart, Slg
Lanter. \v r . Sullivan, E. O. Regensburger, Mrs.
V. Kf-rn, Mre. McGregor; Oakland — C. L.
Brown, A. W. Baiter, Mr. and Mrs. Wal'*r
Ward, Mr. and Mrs. G. XV. Wheaton, L>.
Moody; Los Angeles — Miss Miller, D. W.
Piene. Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Brown, Master A.
L. Brown; Durham, N. C. — Mr. and Mrs. G.
W. Wfttts, Mrs. L. B. Watts; New York— Mr.
and Mrs. ,S. Mackentosh, L. Orhway. P. O.
Brlon. L. Heiman; Mr. ar4 Mrs. William
Nead, Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Fester
and son, Ventura: Mrs. Kkynne and Miss B.
SKynne, Butt*. Mont.; Mr. and Mrs. A. C.
Norrif?. Stockton; Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Ccne.
Tted Bluff; K. s. Blitz. Denver; Charles II.
Hale and Mrs. Hale, Santa Barbara: J. XV.
On skili, Sacramento; 3. H. Mendenhall. Seat
tle; J. MoGill and Mrr. McGlIl, Fait Lake:
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Younger, Santa Ynez:
Mm. Fannic W. Whet ta more anfl Mrs. *.V. T.
Cook. Arroyo QrBit&t; MSfs M. A. Smith ond
Jiirs B. B. Cu;i>erFon. Bcnton.
The arrivals at Hotel La Honda during the
past week were: J. Watts, wife and child. W.
Bane. James Moore and wife, Fred Luckey
*and wife, J. G. Scott and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Spring. Miss Warfleld. B. Kaufnej. J.
Helm, E. Rotger. G. \V. Ferrier. William Muh
lendorf, San Francisco; Leslie Johnston, A. D.
Walsh, J. H. Underwood, Redwood City; It.
V. Hooven. T. M. Toll and wife. New York;
Granville B. Jeffers. Miss H. M. Jeffers, Palo
Alto; Miss Louise Toll. Stanford University;
Mrs. William H. White and child, Watson
ville; William H. Lang, Oakland.
Recent arrivals at Riverside Hotel are: E.
Goldsmith, Big Trees; Mr." and Mrs. H. J.
Jcnes, New York; Miss" Hancock, Mies Flora
G. Delanev, Philadelphia. Pa.: Mrs. M. K.
Gculding. Columbus. O.; Mrs. H. L. Fleming,
Fa.ll Hiver, Mass.; Sara K. Reed, Moline, 111.;
Mr. and Mrs. John \V. Harvey. Leon, Iowa;
Mrs. K. Ii. Perry, Oakland; W. S. Perry.
Berkeley; liev. and Mrs. S. W. Frisbie, De
troit, Mich.; Mr. and Mrs. G. W. de Lamater,
Tracey; N. LSroaifield. Manchester. England;
\\\ M. White. San Francisco; J. W. Welch, Los
Angeles; Mrs. K. Ridpley. Mrs. M. J. Riley
and daughter. Exira. Iowa; Miss Beyrl James.
Missouri Valley, Iowa: John illtchell, Mrs. M.
A. Mitchell. P^skenta; Mrs. Wayne G. Sim
mons, St. Louis, Mo.; Mrs. M. H. Hanklns,
Denver, Coi. : airs. A. Neufield, Mrs. A. Sol
omon, San Francisco.
Thi follov.ins: are this v.eek's arrivals at
Hotel de Redwood: Miss N. Borland, Miss A.
Todd, Mr. and Mrs. de Laiuater, San Francisco;
F. T. Bailey. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Bailey. Miss
N. Gilclirist, San Jose; Mrs. A. Roecrs, Mr.
tnd Mis. liogt-r Chevalier, J. J. Bowman,
ChExleb Bowman, Alameda; Mrs. S. A. Thomp
son. Allen P. Lyon, Kdward Averlll, Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Pearce. Berkeley.
AT THE RESORTS.
Those who registered at Mountain View
Ranch. Santa Cruz, during the last week are:
From San Francisco— Mr. and Mrs. Otto Kiefer
and son, Frances Klefer, Mrs. George Bowers,
Gertrude Bowers, Fred W. Raschen. Mrs. A.
B. Higginfi, Mrs. C. W. Cochran and family,
MIes E. Hecker, Mr. and Mrs. D. Levy, Gus
Levy. Mrs. B. E. Henriksen, Mrs. J. Alva
Watt and children. Miss Jonas. Loul5 Bosia,
Raymond Fashner. Mrs. Stronszky. Charle&
Nadro. Mrs. Rosengarden. Miss Carrie M.
Matihey. From San Diego — L. C. Hewitt. A.
Simon. From Vallejd — Mr. and ¦ Mrs. F. John
son, Mrs. E. G. Langley.
Kenry J. Tiedemann. Ben MePhun, San Fran
cisco; Rev. T. A. Mills. Wilkesbarre. Pa.; Mrs.
A. T. Safford, Wllkesbarre. Pa.; Mrs. Pratt.
Philadelphia. Pa.; Rev. George H. Trull, Wil
mington, Del.; Rev. Andrew Parsons, San
Francisco: J. S. Frithey, Robert Kunjer, I. M.
Gieenwood, L. E. Vcndecook. Sacramento; Dr.
A. V. Bablne, Professor C. H. Rammelk and
wife, Stanford University; Mr. ' and Mrs. B.
Mendell, Stockton; Stanley Smith, Redwood;
Rally Treen. Los Angeles: Miss C. M. McLean.
Scotland; Mies Lucy A. Kuhl, Miss Hannah S.
Murphy. MIes May E. Sullivan. San Francisco;
Rev. and Mrs. E. H. Settlemyer, Middletown,
Md. ; S. C. Smith. Philadelphia, Pa.; Professor
Charles Bransby. Berkeley; Zedor Comlnsky,
Schenectady, N. Y.; Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Wiley
and Eon. Denver. Colo.; T. L. Mock, Oakland;
E. T. May. Mount Cory. Ohio; C. B. Doty,
Mount Cory, Ohio; Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Kins
ley. Kinsley, Colo.; Mr. and Mrs. George A.
Story, Mrs. A. A. Watkins. Miss Mabel Wat
kins, FaUFalito: Mr. and Mrs. D. K. Stoddard,
Mrs. Seeley, Master Seeley, Merced: Dr. W.
Horn. Berlin. Germany: Charles Q. Tyson and
mother. Dayton, Ohio; Professor D. N. Lehmer
and wife. Mrs. B. M. Seeley. Berkeley; A. H.
Morgan, T. M. McLaughlin, T. Kautfuss. Louis
W Scheppler, E. Scheppler. San Francisco;
Charles C. Weed. C. H. Baker, Stent; C. Mc-
Dowell. Birkenhead. England.
Bassford. H. C. Peck, G. M. Sutherland, G.
Beardsley Jr.. John P. Weil, William Hughson
and son. Mrs. William H. Raymond, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Baruch, Master Fred Baruch, Mrs.
H. W. Hyman, Mrs. L. J. Frank. Mr. and
Mrs. H. Kruse. Miss N. Clancy, J. H. O'Brien.
DWight S. Watson. A. B. Watson, R. V.
Reppy, Samuel Perkins, Misa Perkins. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Gradin, Mrs. D. J. Lynch. D. M.
Lynch. Mrs. C. W. Tozer. Mrs. A. Sherman,
Dr. J. M. McDonald and wife. J. L. Wheeler.
Mrs. J. L. Wheeler. From Oakland — Mrs. G.
L. King, Thomas Addlson. wife and daughter;
R. P. Saxe, Dr. N. H. Chamberlain. W. H.
Chamberlain. E. A. Conroy, wife and child.
From Alameda — G. H. Tyson and daughter.
W. Rigby, W. Michaels, Mrs. W. Michaels and
daughter. Miss Mattie Frey.
Arrivals at Hotel Mateo for the week are:
From San Francisco— Cecil Raymond. Mrm.
Emma Uttleneld, Mrs. M. Molloy, W. B.
Saunders, Mr. and Mrs. J. Brown. F. A. Ja
cobs and wife, W. A. Jacobs and wife. Miss
Bessie Jacobs, C. D. Bell. E. J. Dougherty.
J. G. Llebold and wife. W. J. Nicholson, L. A.
Washburn, Mrs. M. Hyman, Miss Agnes Hy
man, F. G. O'Kane. M. Garela, Walter Kurisi,
W. K. Kutzkow, Mrs. C. Meyer and company.
William Lawlor, S. M. Simon. Mrs. Jamea
Anderson, W. F. Wolf, Miss Emma Joseph.
Miss Joseph. Miss Ada Joseph, Miss Clara
Moore. George Steckel. John F. Stone: from
New York — Claude Glgnoux; from Red Bluff—
J. Allen de Con; from Santa Rosa — T. P.
Butts; from Chicago — George A. Bacon, Mis*
Bacon ; from Boston — Mrs. Wilson ; from Saa
Mateo— P. C. Meyer and wife; from Lo» Gatoa
— Mr. and Mrs. Munkhouse; from Philadelphia
—Samuel L. Allen and wife. Miss E. R. Allen.
The following guests registered at Paraiso
Springs last week: ' From San. Fran
cisco — J. Couglln. Miss Anna Haya.
Willie Hirsch. J. F. Jackson. Jama*
Dunphy, Mr. and Mrs. E. Fay. Baford Fky,
Miss A. Elsen. Misa M. C. Talliaferro, Mrs. J.
A. Kirkpatrick. Miss Mamie Wilson. Joseph
Hahn, E. A. Brow. Royal Dodge. Miss Oladic*
Dodge, C. Muller and wtfe, Martin Hein, Mia*
A Connel, Theresa. Smith.- Alfred Hennlng ami
wife. Fred Baker; frorri Salinas — Miss Geneviva
Renison, W. J,. Rowen. Charles Francee, J.
Bfvans; from Emeryville^ — P. G. Lynch, wif»
and son: from Gllroy — W. T. Elpper. J. Mlg
nola; from San Jose — Mrs. Estella Gilbert; front
Following Is a list of arrivals at Hotel Lyn
don for the week: From San Francisco — W.
L. Martin- and wife. H. C. Rodgers,' J. W.
The latest arrivals at Gllroy Hot Springs for
the last week are: From San Francisco— Mr.
and Mrs. Ivan Treadwell. Miss Kate Nolan,
Leo Nolan. Mr. McCord. Richard Little, Mr.
and Mrs. W. R. Whlttler, Edward Purser,
Milton S. Latham, Mrs. M. K. Houghton, Miss
Carrie Houghton, P. A. Dupuy, F. C. Van
Schalck. *\Vlll!am A. Hayes, Mrs. M. J. Bunt-
Ing. George G. Van Seyck, Charles Hasse. Leo
Cooper. O. Kellenberg, . A. Sulkamp, Julius
Faltlngs, Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Terran. K. C.
Dodge Samuel Jackson. B. E. Cartor an 1
wife. Mrs. AV. W. Smith. Miss B. C. Smith.
From Alameda — H. P. Hansen. H. Scholman
and wife. From Hanford — A. Jackson Man
ning. From Watsonville — George F. RIter,
wife and children, Miss Lena Norman. From
Denver. Colo. — Mrs. J." C. Dickey. I From Nlles
— E. C. Schlueter, Mrs. George C. Fisher.
From Salinas—^J. M. Deeds and wife. From
Holllster — Dr. F. C. Bonnel and wife. From
Gllroy— ; H. D. Van Schaick. E. R. T. Thomas.
Conrad Jessen. J. Jessen. Julius Young. From
New York — Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Denborn. A.
P. Hyltoft and wife.
Mr. and Mrs. George Grunwald, Mr. and
Mrs. H. B. Cookrlll, Miss L. Weiss. Mrs.
L. A. Lorentzen, William Blair,- Charles H.
Mlntz, John Bremer, John C. Sanner, R. II.
Hahn, George H. Smith, William K. Root, J.
S. Hermann, J. H. George, Annie L. Stone,
Nellie H. Blinn. A. S. Less. Professor H. and
Mrs. Maynard, S. A. Tyroll. Mrs. M. Carlston,
Alex Cohn, Henry Bauer, Thomas Brown, H.
E. Sparks. Oakland — James B. Dunden, S. S.
Powers, H. ,C. Ingram. -Alameda — Mrs. I. W.
Clinch, Edward Brown. Sacramento — H. M.
Combs, Mrs. Charles M. Smith, Mr. and Mrs
J. B. Wright, Mrs. B. B. Brown, J. A. Hey
man, F. Cothrin, Captain Condrey and Miss
Condrey. Los Angeles — Mr. and Mrs. C. B.
Waters, James Matfleld. Uklah — Mrs. L. D.
Jewell. Upper Lake— F. H. Bucknell. Charles
H. Green. Healdsburg. — Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Seawell. Seattle — Mrs. John Watrous and son,
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Perkins. Fresno — K. M.
Nishkian, G. W. Cartwrlght. Windsor — Mr.
and Mrs. M. Riser and child. Misa M. Milton.
Hay wards — J. M. Woods. Concord — D. Mor
gan. Woodland — William Irwln. Walnut
Creek — C. A. McCaw. San Pablo — Manuel
Ford. . Burllngame^— A. B. . Westland. Reno
Nev. — Daniel Crawford, Mary Wall. ' Hanford
— J. A. Moore, Harry Moore, E. R. Underwood.
Recent arrivals at Eetna j Springs, Napa
County, are: From San Francisco — Mrs. "\V.
P. Shaw. Cornelius D. Crowley, Miss Frances
E. Crowley, Master : Arthur ' Crowley. . Dr.
Frances Howland Parlow. Miss M. H. Davies,
Miss Camille Dorn,' Miss Marian Darn, Master
Jack Dorn. Mrs. Elliot. Mrs. H. Booqueratz
and family, Len D. Owens. Eugene Unger,
Miss Sophie Rich Eugene Rich, Miss Josie
Rich, Arthur Rich. Martin Jones. A. R. Mor
row, H Lachman, J. J. Brown, F. J. Belton,
Miss Ethel Gozzin. A. Roy Heise, L. Juome.
M. D. Cooley. I. Hauser. Victor A. Hancock
and wife, Clarisse Hancock, Miss Marguerite
Baker Morvae A. Robinson. Miss Fanye Ashe,
Geary Rich. A. J. Rich Jr.. Mn». S. A. Potter,
Mrs. Samuel Bauer. Mrs. S. Haas, Jack ti.
Lowenthal, Charles M. Gorham. From Oakland
—Mrs. I. Requa,- maids and children: Mrs. E.
M. Chabot and daughters. Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Dlckmann Jr., Fred Dlckmann. Dr. J. P.
Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. Hayden.- From Piedmont
— Captain Isaac L. Requa. From Napa— B. H,
Buchli. From St.. Helena — Mrs. Meredith, H.
N. Walker and wife. Mrs.,H. B. Mackllnder.
From Calistoga — Robert Welsh. From. Yount
viiie — Mr. and Mrs. R. D. Fry. Miss Helena
Heise. George Taylor. From Sausalito — Miss
Van Tassil. From San Francisco — Charles J.
Behlow and wife. Henry B. Russ and wife.
Miss Linda B. Russ. Master Inyo A. Russ,
Miss Annie Powers.
HOTEL ROWARDENN AN. Ben Lomond — J.
Rea Mill Valley; G. F. Campbell. Llvermore;
George "W*. Foote, Hopedale Farm; Colonel R.
Loder, U. S A., Alameda; Miss Pauline Dick
inson Alameda; A. A. Smith and wife, E.
Ryan, Chicago; Mrs. Bosqui. two children and
nurse. Tullurlde, Colo. ; Bishop and Mrs. D.
¦\\ hitaker. S. L. Allen, wife and daughter,
Philadelphia; Mrs. B. K. Plain, Mrs. H.
Munn, New York; J. F. Coope, Santa Cruz;.F.
S Andrews, Bridgeport. Conn.; San Francisco
H. L. Weed. W. B. Forman, W.
F. Payne. Mrs. Newton Booth, Mrs.
•J E. Dunn, "W. J. Golcher " and
wife. Charles G. Gray and wife. Miss M.
Busch, W. Leichter, wife and daughter; B. M.
Gunn and wife Dudley Gunn, Kenneth Gunn,
Russell Gunn, F. P. Doe and wife, A. G.
Towne and wife. H. F. Mann and wife; San
Jose — Mrs. T. S. Bullock. H. A. Alexander.
E D Charles D. Blancy and .wife,
De Lancy Lewis, Edward Rust; Oakland — Guy
C Earl, wife and family;'- Alexander". Stewart,
R. G. Brown and wife. Miss F. Brown, Mrs.
L. B. Erato F. M. Smith and wife. 'Miss Mar
ion Smith. Miss' "Winifred Burrdg. W. E. Creed.
. WHITE COTTAGES. HOWELL MOUNTAIN
— Mrs. -M. L. . Meineken, San Francisco; Mrs.
H. Engels, Alameda; Mrs. " C. F.
Brand Miss G. V. Brand. Oakland;
Mrs ' Ml E. Hllley, St. Helena; Miss
MeCloskey. San Francisco: Mrs. J. C. Tucker,
E Detrlck Jr., Mrs. E. Detrlck and nufse.
Robert A. Haas. Mrs. Elizabeth Haas .and
daughter. Oakland: H. Mlddlehoff and daugh
ter, Charles Hathaway, J. E. Hathaway. Miss
J. Sullivan. Miss A. Sullivan, San Francisco:
Mrs. Annie Muller, Rudolph Wallman, Oak
land.
CAMP TAYLOR — San Francisco — N. "P.
Mathewson and family, Elliott Chapman, C. E.
Perry and family. J. G. Clemm and family,
William Wolff and family, Mrs. Howard and
family, Mrs. N. Kessler and family, Mrs.' S.
Cassenelle and family. T. S. Stealey, D. D. S.,
and family. G. L. Noble, Mrs. Stetson. Mrs.
D. Berr. Mrs. Stone and family, Mrs. Joseph
Mels and family. S. D. Jones and family. L. J.
Blecke and- family, Mrs. I. Jonas and family.
Miss Rose Keene. Miss J. D. Davies and sis
ter. Miss A. K. Renz, Mrs. H. Baum and
daughter, Mrs. J. M. Stockman. Mrs. "W. A.
England. Miss S. Breitsmann, Harry D. Skel
llnger, G. E.- Casto and family. Mrs. H. J.
Davis and family. Mrs. H. D. Rogers and fam
ily. Mrs. C. Whlttock and family, J. "W. Lyt
gens and family. Mrs. Cameron and family.
Mrs. W. N. Lelghton and family. R. N. Mc-
Donald and family. A. Muhs and family. R.
Isenbruck and family, Mrs. Flnberg.and fam
ily. D. R. Campbell and family. C. Marx
and family, E. J. Behre and family. Mrs. - K.
Glllespie and family. Mrs. R. N. Maddock and
family, Mrs. L. C Clark and family, N. Man
drell and family, John Rentschler and » fam
ily. Mrs. S. Johnson and family. Mrs. Elklng
ton and family. Thomas Nixon and family. Mrs.
Ward and family. Mrs. Walker and family,
S. P. Johnston and family, Mrs. Eichbaum and
family. Mrs. M. Furst. Mr. Newman 'and fam
ily. William Schneider. Miss Carrie Clayburg
W. A. Scott and family, A. A. Batkin and fam
ily, Mrs. iJernuar and daughter, Mr. and Mrs.
AT THE j RESORTS.
Mr. and Mrs. I. S. Green announce the con
firmation of their daughter, Louise, at . the
Geary Street Temple, June 11, at 10 o'clock.
Will be pleased to see their . friends Sunday,
June 15, lrom 2 to 5 at their residence, 12-
Clement street. ¦.•-";
Miss Cece'.e E. Abrahamson has returned from
Honolulu and will be pleased, to see .her friends
to-morrow from 2 to 5 p. m. at 80S Tenth
etreet. Oakland. >. .
Mr. and Mrs. Max Newman announce the
confirmation of their dauwhter, Leah, at tha
Taylor Street Synagogue, Wednesday, .June 11.
Reception Sunday, June 16. from 2 to 5 p. m.,
150S Folsom street. .
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Newman announce the
confirmation, of their daughter Tessle at the
Geary-street temple Wednesday morning, June
11. Will receive on the following Sunday from
2 to 5 at their residence. 417 Central ave.
Mr. and Mrs. Studzinskl and Miss Regina
Levy have removed from 2222 Pine street ' to
their new home, 2333 Post street, where they
will be pleased ' to- see their • friends. ' .
Mrs. William JP. Lambert and daughters will
remove to Oakland about' July 1: "
Miss Jul? Stamper leaves to-day for a trip
south. She wil) be gone about a- month.
Mr. and M^s. Ell Blum, nee Manheim, have
gone to housekeeping at Merced. .
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Jacobs. 403S Eighteenth
street, announce the confirmation of their . son
Marc at the Taylor-street synagogue j yester
day. Reception to-day from 2 till' 5 p. m." '
Mrs. Wallace and her two' children,
with Miss Ella Schneider and Miss Lottie
Schneider o£ this city and Miss Claire Bar
ttlls of Alameda, are spending their summer
vaction at Mountain Brow, San Mateo County.
PERSONAL.
little of interest in town. Even
.that "game has ceased to be a craze, but
before fall teas and dances begin there
will be a spirited revival of croquet, which
has already become the reigning fad
abroad. Fall festivities seem as- yet so
far away that people have not begun .to
make plans for the future, but act in the
living present.
MCTIVITY In the social world
at present is centered about
the summer resorts, • and were
it not for an occasional fever
for ping pong : there would be
The following guests registered at the Lake
side-House, Lake Tahoe, recently: From San
Francisco — George • D. Pettigrew, James
Hansen, ' Miss Alice Brooks. Mrs. N.
Kaufman Mrs. T. Cotrel and son: from Berke
ley William Merry; from Oakland— A. T.
Jackson; from Alameda — H. R. Hegelund,
Thomas J. Duff: from Martinez— Mrs. E. W.
Tennent; from Nevada City — W. H. Arnhart;
from Glen Alpine — Miss Gray; from Los- An-
Arrivals at Saratoga Springs for week end-
Ing June 5 are: From San Francisco — Mrs. J.
F.' Helms, Miss M. Helms, Elwood D. Prentls,
Mrs ' Prentis, Miss Mamie Prentis,' Abraham
Canheld. Samuel J. Canfleld, Henry Bostel.
Thomas Campbell, Mrs.' A. M. Beard, Miss
Millie Reed. E. A. Keller, H.-.H. Jones. J. H.
Mohr Allie E. Goforth. Henry J. Claussen.
Mrs. Claussen, Frank W. Tiddy, Mrs. Frank
W Tiddy, George Hartman. Otto Schuler Jr.,
Mrs Otto Schinckle, Miss M. Schtnckle, Miss
Ollie Schinckle. H. Rover. Mrs. H. Rover. Aug:
W Lunsmann; from Oakland — Alexander
Boyle, Henry Clapp, Joseph Barber, Fitzhenry
Camp* from Alameda — Miss Fanny Lyons,
Daniei • Carlton, Miss Ada Carlton. David D.
Perkins, Albert Conway, Mrs. R. Pfaeffle.
Frank A. Busse; frrm Marysville — William
Adams, "Mrs. Adams, Kate E. Adams; from
Berkeley— William E. Conway.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS. St. Helena-
Recent arrivals are: 1 J. A. Rutherford and
wife. Vallejo; G. P. "Bowers. Veterans' Home;
John Brennan. Mary F. McVcy, Kate F. Mc-
Vey James Farrell and wife. James Andrews.
San'Francisco; Louie Ferroglaro. Maggie Rear-,
don Maud Johnson, Nicholas Carbone,- Emma
Jones, Mamie Tyman, Jack Wilson. Peter Eck
lnger Johanna Reardon. Dollie Hull. Dave
Cavagnaro Walter Honstutz. F. S. Parker.
Napa; Mrs. Houghton, San Francisco; Mis* E.
Houghton. Oakland. •
SEIGLER SPRINGS. Lake County — Recent
arrivals are: From San Francisco — C. C.
Bradford G. F. Krueger, J. E. Flnnigan, W.
E E.«?an, J. B. Hichstein, C. Mahr. Miss M.
Donovan, Miss C. Mohns. J. J. Matthews,
Miss S Devening. Kunle Krug, L. B. Spen
cer O L Suec W. H. Hessling, Mrs. Hess
ling, John Hessling, Miss G. Prate, P. D. Day,
James Comlskey. William Gelmann, George
Gelmann J. C. Meyer. Charles 'Webb, F. A.
Farenholtz. Miss M. Webster. M. R. Saun
ders J. B Hickey, August Meyers. Mrs. An
nie "Regan" G. H. McCormick. "William El
fendahl Mies Denvan,— J. R. Meyer..- Frank
Lord M. Sigel and wife. J. Vincent, James
Cullinane. Mrs. Culltnane, William Isaacs,
Mrs Isaacs, Thomas Larkln. Mrs. Larkln. S.
Campbell and valet. J. W. Hurley. M. Worn,
H. Ahlers W. E. Hayes. W. C. Sabin. W. E.
Dinan. Mrs Dinan. Master Dlnan. From Val
lejo — Miss -Annie Aden.' C. Hastings, B. Co»
ta, C. Hanley. From Oakland — Mrs. Byron
Rutley. Mr.'Rutley, C. Norwoodrw. C. Ames,;
C. G. Samson. W. AT McNamara. J. G. Bar
nett. Mrs. H. Matthews. Miss Jean Sherry. W.
J. Phillips Mrs. Phillips. Miss Phillips. From
Alameda — B. B. Hulse. Mrs. Hulse. Mr. Cox,
Mrs Cox, J. J. Frank. C. Stark. From Fruit
vale — Miss R. McKee, Miss A. Olsen, C. A.
Rodgers Frank Burke, Charles' Alden.
DUNCAN SPRINGS — San Francisco — Mr.
nnd Mrs. A. M. Ramsay. E. B. Blood, Mrs. O.
D. Wheeler, Mrs. M. Peck, Orrin Peck, Miss
Janet M. Peck, A. Zuckerman, Miss E. S.
Chcmberlin, P. Stlfani, ;E, Tommlc, F S.
Chadbourne, John Sroufe, F. W. Fougee, Mrs.
W. W. Shannon, Mr. and Mrs. William Pun
lap, Miss ¦ Rena Maher, Haughton Maher,
Julius Deutsch, Miss Fannie Deutsch, Misa
Eva Deutsch. Mrs. J. B. Jones and son. Miss
Ina Allen, Hugh McCrum and wife. Mrs. F.
G. Sanborn.r D. M. Gove and wife, William H.
Buckley and wife; from Healdsburg — J. W.
6-eawell and wife, Miss Mary Lowry, Mrs. E.
H. Barnes; from Cloverdale — C. B. Straw and
wife. O. C. Williams and wife. Miss L. Carico,
J. W. Carico; from Orange, Cal. — Miss L. H.
Northrop, Miss M. D. McGulre: from Ukiah—
Mrs. Bona Cleveland, M,rs. W. C. Grant, J.
H. Seawell and son; from Farmington — J. F.
Gann and wife; from Oakland ; — Mrs. O. E.
Allen and daughter; from -Menlo Park — Fred
S. Howell. > .
B. Frank, Miss Frank, Miss Wreade, Mrs. Haake
and lamily, B. A. Schmidt and family, George
Newlett and lamily. Mr. and Mrs. J. Stohlinan,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Davis. Oakland — Mrs. Wil
liam Christian and family, Mrs. C. Helinke
and family, Mrs. Shankland and tamily, Frank
Shay^ and family, E. L. .Priest and family.
San Francisco — C. R. Goodrich, . W. R. Wil
son, Edward Steward, Joseph 'Steward, W.
E. Hevins, E. W." Currier, Dr. W. E. Brooks,
James Watt, J. J. Pettee, J. W. Pettee, Mrs.
J. "W. Pattee, Charles E. Nobmann, G.
Mandrel!; Walter Dayton Cole, Ernes-t
Brand Jr., G. XV. "Wallace, Mrs. G. XV.
AVallace, G. W. Wallace Jr., Miss C. O. HUI,
. G. E. Tooker, B. H. Nelson, Mr. and Mrs. G.
O. Johnson, . Mr. j and Mrs. J. . J. Wells, W. "F.
Bird, M. F. Moore, F. Johnson, ¦ Mr. arid <Mra.'
F. Vasquis, M. J. Geary, Mr. and' Mrs. Wen
dell Swansan, Mrs. C. G. Bennett, Mis6 May Ben
nett,'E. Weiner, D. B. Ferguson, J. H. Taylor,
Mia3 L.' Hainer, Miss I/I. Hatner, J. b. awan,
h.dwin McAtee, : Brooks Palmer, L. -A'. . W.
t'herwocu, Mr. and' Mrs. ; John T.' Scott, ' Or
lando Bocrart,E..\v. Currier, S. -\V. Morshead,
Arthur Lewis, Mrs. S. AV. Morshead, Mrs. Ar
thur Lewis, A. Newbold, W. E. Colby, Mrs.
C. Forbts. C. : Forbes, Mr. and Mis. EdKar
Mayers, Mr. and Mrs. Max Meyer, Mr. and
Mrs. W, Hortmann; Mr. and Mrs.- Georce- W.
Brooks,-; A. Wlndt, Miss L. Meyer, John G.
Kapu, MIes Therese Meyer, C M. Taber, J.
M. Donaghy, Mr, and Mrs. C. E. Perry, John
Martin, Charles S. Jacobs, Augustine Aubln.'
R. M. Barthold, L,oui«3 Aubin, A. ' C. Wood,
E. H: Hildebrand.- J. F. "Pinchard, L«o E.
Well, F. L. Srr.ith, F. D. Smith, Mrs. M. "Wil
liams, Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Thompson, V. A.
Faritn, George P. McCorkle, Al Springer, Joe
Tyrrell, John Dugan, Theo. H. Forbts, Kred A:
Steinmf.nn, C.Helmke Jr., Ernest Christen. Jr.V
Albert Olney and tamily. A. H. Stoll, Mr. and
Mrs. L. E. Kingsley, K. A. Price, S. A. Pan
cre&st, Mrs. C. Alborell, Miss V. Alborell, Mrs.
J. KlnKsley, L. S.' Peteison, I. Corlnsbn,
Charles W. Johnson, E. C. Walheim, H.A: Nor
man, L. Percy Williams.- Mr. and Mrs. Harold
Edwin Smythe, William Fifer, K. S. Creelman,
T. E. Casto. Dr. Nat F. Coulson. William F.
Cooper, J. L. Huuman, E. A. Heustis,- T. R.
Mann and family, J. - S. Laurence, ' Thomas
Flanders, I Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Stevens, i F. li.
feherman, Mrs. F. B. Sherman, Mrs. .Carrie
TSobins-.n, Mrs. Frank Dunn, W. D. Chick,' E.
II. 'Norman, Henry Durham, Dr. Miller and
family, Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Lucas, Mr. and
Mrs.. Benjamin Rosenfeld,.R. ..y. Meier, Thomas
Hlseins, Frank Sullivan. Oakland— J. W.
Dickinson, H. G. White,. Mrs. Frank Shay,
¦W. T. ¦ Insram, S. M. Wales, : Charles N.
Schwab, Mild M. Fitzserald/ Miss E. Fltzsrer
ald, Mrs. M. Fitzgerald. Mrs. A. Pars.ons,
Miss A. Collins, Miss M. Collins, Charles N.
Echwab Jr., L. E. Mullally, Harriett L. Davis,
Thomas D. Kilm.- Miss-H. Letiere,. M. H. Pas
coe, Jake Bumearten, Frank Foster, D. A.
Sinclair, Howard M. Tayler, C. S. Schwab,
Mr. and Mie. E. L. .Priest. Alameda— Mr. and
. Mrs. , T. . J. , Allen, Joseph Smith, P. R. S.
Rose, E." C. Christen. Thomas 'Llntore. Berke
ley — Mrs. W. C. Orcutt. Louis Pape. Los An-
S e\(:f — P. L.. Beck. MilDitas— E. J. S. Nar
g'ius, Henry A. Haake. Alameda — Mrs. J.
Sherman and family. Berkeley — Mrs. Jamea
£>oit and family. ¦ ; . . f;
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE SAX ... FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDA^y JUNE 8, 190*;.
Continued on Page Thirty-Four. :
CLUB PARTIES.
33
Kearny and Sutter Sts.-
Ladies' High Glass Tailored Suits
." Marked to close at ;>^'1
;¦ Greatly Reduced Prices
- ' ¦-¦'¦•' ¦ ' ¦ ' '• ¦ .' '. ¦ ' • ¦ . ' .¦ ¦" ¦ -' ' '7'.'.,. • ¦ /
';,:¦. ; ; ;Handsomest. of this season's styles in Ladies' finely tailored, well' fitting and extremely
Stylish! Suits are now being offered at far below their regular prices — Ladies who appreciate the
unusual values should not allow this opportunity to pass without an investigation
, : Here are some of the details:
Our entire stock of Imported Suits — smart, High Class tailored Suits of fine Etamine,
charming, ; beautiful creations— -fashioned after Serges and Basket Cloth— beautifully trimmed
the very latest Parisian designs, in Gibson, Eton with lace galoons, stitched bands, etc.; Blouse
and Blouse effects ¦:,>: ¦•¦¦ and Eton Jackets have styish moire (£O^ f\(\
Reduced to $48 50 $62*50 $75 00 reveres; iorm ? ] y and J35, now.... 3>23.UU
Handsomely tailored Walking Suits in fancy Finely tailored Suits in the Gibson and Eton
weaves, for summer wear; latest stitched flounce; styles made of fine broadcloth and Etamine,
Jacket trimmed- with velvet; colors Tan, Gray in Black, Blue and Red-these are very handsome
and Green — regular price $26.00, (£Q r ) z?f\ and stylish garments; were $35.00, (£*"V7 crv
reduced to................ <4>ZZ.OU reduced to CpZ/.jU
Attractive Black Silks
•Beyond a doubt the greatest Silk values ever offered
23 inch Black Taffetas— bright, soft finish- '7C- 22 inch Black Moire Velour — one of the <£i r\r\
'firm weave — worth 95c, special at /-PS: season's favorite weaves, worth $1.25, at 4)1. UU
20 inch; Black Peau de Soie', light weight or 24 inch Black Peau de Soie, beautiful <jm qiT
for summer wear, worth $1, special at... O«JC quality, soft rich finish-worth $1.50, at vpl..ZO
Our Embroidery Department
Will display on Monday the latest novelties in fine Nainsook, Swiss and Cambric Embroidery
Edgings in matched sets with Insertings to match — new, dainty and attractive patterns — also ribbon
Beadings, hemstitched Edges and cut out fancy Galoons— New Allover Embroideries in small and
large figures, tucked and lace effects — in great variety.
We Also Offer as a Special
A handsome assortment of Cambric and Nainsook Edgings — all in in this season's newest iir^.
and choicest designs — 3 to 5 inches wide — exceptionally fine values at, per yard IX
Stylish Neck Ruffs New Outing Belts
\ Just received another large shipment of We are now showing a very large variety of new
those attractive fluffy articles of neckwear, com- and stylish Belts for the summer shirt waist — in
prising all the loveliest conceits iu Mousseline leather, tucked satin, moire, silk and elastic —
de Soie, Liberty Silk and Chiffon-newest shapes in black, white and pretty colors-with handsome
with flowing ends — decorated gilt or oxidized buckles^ —
Price $3.50 to $20.00 each Price 50c to $3.50 each
Special Sale of Wash Goods
The Wash Goods department with it's immense assortment of newest 1902 Fabrics, offers
to-morrow these two tempting values :
Fine quality White" Duck, 29 inches wide; TQj^. I New Grass Linens in a splendid variety of A^Z*
suitable for outing skirts and suits at per yard 1^2V_ | colored silk stripes, special at, per yard- - T\JL
Boys' Sweaters Tapestry Sale
Just the thing for. vacation time — Boys' all 50 inch Oriental Tapestries — all bright new
wool. .Sweaters: With rolling or sailor collar in goods in^choicest of Persian and fancy stripes— If
navy'-biue, cardinal and royal blue, with latest 3 T ou are in need of Portieres, Door Hangings,
mercerized stripes — nothing like this in <£i qeT Cosy corners or Couch Covers, we urge you >^q
quality or. style ever offered at the price 4)1 .Z,D to see them-exceptional value at, per yard tOC
AD VEBTISEIXLENT3.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
Positively cured In one day, by frequent appli-
cations of Brahman Cream. Sold by.J. S. Potts
Dru£ Co., 1010 Market 6t.. and other druggluts;
also at office of Dr. Traverse, 1170 Market *.«.
Poison Oak
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
UR and MRS. A. XV. TRAVERSE. lJonohoe
bulldinK, 1170 Market street,. cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-20, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
To Preserve, Purify, and Beautify
the Skin, Hands, and Hair
Nothing Equals
¦ b I K^l 1MB Bm BBS AS9B8S BhP^^P^ \^Bysf * .
MILLIONS of WOMEN Use CUTICURA SOAP, assist^
by Cuticura. Ointment, the great skin cure, for preserving;,
purifying, and beautifying: the skin, for cleansing- the scalp
of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping- of falling- hair,
for softening-, whitening-, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands,
fcr baby rashes, itching?, and chafings, in the form of baths
for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offen-
sive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses,
and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest
themselves to women, especially mothers, and for all the purposes
of the toilet, bath, and nursery. No other medicated soap is to be
compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the
skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet
soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for, all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it; combines in
'ONE SOAP at? ONE; PRICE, the BEST skin and complexion
soap, and the BEST toilet and baby soap in the world.
COUPLET TREATMENT f6r ETERY HUMOUR, $1.
h11?1AB1I1*(1 Consisting of CimcrRX 9>oxr >'C5c.), to cleanse the skin of crusts
te IK H pl ipH I 2* and fca.'ce. and soften the thickened outicie; CL'ticuka Oi.vtmekt
(Me.), tu instantly allay itching, inflammation, ;ir?rt irritation, ami
soothe and heal; *n<l ccticcha Bf>olvkm I'lLLS (23c ), to »»ol
7H r SET »n«' cleanse the Wood. A Single mst i» often euiSidcnt to cure the
. ~* * '•*»¦• most torturins. 'lisfiffurine, and humillaanjs bkin. scalu, and blood
tjDiours, with lots of hair, \rbeu ail elee falls. SoL\ Uiroujfuout the world. Brttieh
ue;icj ...->*. Chanciiiouee >p.. London. Frencts Depot: 6 Bue de la I'aix. Paris.
Poritii Dulg xxd Cmjem. Com"., Sole Props, Boston, l*?S. A.
Ctmcriu RreoLvtyr Pnxs (Chocolate Coted; ars » new. taeteiees. odourles«i econons-
leal *uh»tit3te for U»t- celebmrd liquid Ccticcxa Resoltzkt, a» well a« for ati other blood
punner» r.nd hnraour cim*. Kach pill it equivalent to ODe teaapocaful o: hquid Rrso' vxxt
Put up la screw-cap pocket vuit, containinj; CO doros. price 2oc.
WELCOME SHRINERS.
MAKER, j^^^P^^^ AT
TO WHOLESALE
WEARER '^^R^^^,* PRICES. {
A SHARP REDUCTION OF 10 TO 25 PER GENT ON
Tailor Suits, Jackets anfl Dress SHrts,
You cannot afEorct to mtss seeing our exclusive line of novelties In TAILOR
SUITS at $17.5O to $25.00. in the new shades of Tan, Castor, Brown,
Blue, Gray and Black.' "
Regular $20.00 TUXEDO ETON TAILOR SUITS $15.00. made of Venetian
. cloth, jacket and skirt silk trimmed.
Regular $17.50 BLOUSE TAILOR SUITS JIU2.5O; »" Black and Blue hair-
line stripe; blouse silk lined, 'double flounce skirt.
THE N EW T IXEDO JACKETS.
We have a full line of the Tuxedo effects in Cloth Taffeta and Peau de Sole,
both plain and fancy, ?.t $5.00.. 87.50. S8.OO. £10.00 and $12.OO :
Black Peau de Sole FITTED RAGLANS, $20.00. $22.50. $25.00: aUk-
lined throughout.
Exclusive novelties in SILK DRESS SKIRTS, with drop skirt, at $17.50.
$20.00. $22.50. $25.00.
Black Taffeta and Jklolre BOX COATS, $5.OO,,$7.5O. $10.00. $12.50.
O[P^|N. T 13 PERFECTLY HARM.ES5 and l2aves /J^BPImJP
)l| MBS, NETTIE lARRISOS CO. mi^
W' ! I Mil DERMATOLOGIST, S\BV "PHYSICIAN WHO IS CHARQED
"WITH SERIOUS OFFENSE BY
WIFE'S FRIENDS.
At a meeting of the Fire Commissioners
yesterday the thanks of the board and
the chief of the department were extend
ed to Captain W. J. Bannan. Lieutenant
P. Ellenshburger and Truckmen J. O'Con
nor and H. Morrison, all of truck 9, for
their heroic conduct in rescuing two chil
dren from the roof of a burning house at
2808 Eighteenth street on June 4.
Brave Fireunen Thanked.
Your JTitst Duty to Yourself
Is to look after rour own comfort. Th« com.
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Piate dining care, in which ari 1 served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public. JAY W. ADAMS,
P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker building. San Fran
cisco. Cal.
Paymaster General A. E. Bates of the
United States army was a passenger on
the Peking, which arrived last evening. He
left New York last November and has
made an extended tour of the Philippine
Islands. General Bates was accompanied
on- his trip by Major Martin Maginnis of
Montana. He was Representative for the
Territory of Montana for fourteen years
and was Congressman when Montana wasJ
accepted as a State. He was appointed
Senator during the time of Senator
Clark's controversy. Colonel James Allen
,of the Signal Corps, who has-spent some
time in the Philippines, was also on the
Peking. He will be stationed in San Fran
cisco.
General Bates Arrives.
The clever members of the Pollard Ju
venile Opera Company, who made such a
bit when they first appeared at the Tiv
oll, are back in San Francisco from their
successful tour East and will sail for
Australia on the steamer Sierra on Thurs
day next. Prior to their departure they
will be given a benefit at Fischer's Thea
ter, and arrangements have been made
for a special performace of "Pinafore,"
¦which will take place on Wednesday aft
ernoon. It will be the first performance
given here by the juveniles of this opera,
and the entire company of fifty-five people
will be in the cast. The sale of seats be
gins to-morrow morning.
Benefit for Pollards.
on Ground That It Was Im
properly Procured.
City Attorney Johnson Rejects Claim
OAKLAND, . June 7.— City Attorner
Johnson; has informed Mayor . Barstow,
who mad* a special request for enlighten
ment, that i William J. EmrtckVbiU for
$275 against the city for. repairing; lire en
gine No. 7 is an invalid claim, even though
the City Council did pass it twice in an
effort to get it through. The. City Attor
ney's opinion is based upon his discovery
that the City. Council acted independently
and without authority from the.poar'i of
Police and- Fire .Commissioners. The
E roper procedure, he says, would hav«
een for the City Council to make requi
sition upon the Board of Public Works,
but in ignoring that "body the City Coun
cil usurped the functions ¦ of both the
Board of Public Works and the Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners. The claim
is void; too, on the ground that the re
pairs to the engine were not needed and
not requested o?> the Board of Police and
Fire Commissioners. Again, there is no
proof that Emrick did the work or that it
was inspected and reported to the proper
authorities. The City Attorney says that
previous to the ordering of the work by
the City Council Emrick had agreed. with
the Police and Fire Commissioners to do
the work for-$200. The dispute over this
claim is the outgrowth of the City Coun
cil's declination to pay^ $1300 to have a
new boiler put in engine No. 7. The City
Council undertook to prove that the work
could be done for $275, and so ordered Em
rick to do the work.
THE TALLAC— Blanche Partlrfgton. Dr. Ar
thur M. Mfclntdsh, i, • Ber'mlngham. W. Tap
penbeek, F. L. Seuall, M, B. Kellogg, wife and
daughter, Charles | A. . VogeUangr, L. W. | Ker
cheval. C. L. Hedges and wife, Jacob John Ep
pinger. Miss L. Nathan, F. W. Kruse, Mrs. A.
Kruse,' Mr. and Mrs. E. G: Zelle, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Shurtleff. I. J. Aschheim and wife,
K. Hinderer, M. J. Laymance, P. M. KUbaum,
L. Waener. H. Merrill, Miss -Edna Dahl, Mr.
and Mrs. E. E. Stoddard, Harold Boerlcke, C.
E. GloVer, C. E. Lavenson, M. Malloy. L. Mc-
Adam, J. H. Laveneoil, Harry Stevens and
wife, C. L. Hedges and wife, R. O. Hatton and
wife, T. C. Van Bibber and* wife. M.L. Stlmp
son. A. N. Hautte, P. Hautte.W. W.GoKgin;
C D. Posted, A. W. Cooper and wife, N.' B.
Maydwell. G. H. de Mamlel and wife. George
Wattereau, W. H. Cameron. H. F. ! Pahl. A.
M. Button and wife. Mm. S. R. Bawne. Thea-;
dore Phaller and wife, . "William Moegan. , Misj
Alice Brooks. Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Worth, Mrs.
A; Vv. FoHansbee. I Mrp. H. F. Dott. | Miss
Kican^r T. Ree*. Poter Kelly." Peter Kelly Jr..
MIhs Emma' Kelly. ¦¦ Pan -FrancJsco; J. C. Eaton
pnd wl'e. Mi-j. WHHam Noyes, . Mrs. Charles
Whitton. Ted N^ves, C. Beckmann and wife,
William I>lgh. Mr'.-C. E. Herikel. Mrs. M.
O'Donnell, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Leonard, George
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— San Francisco— P.
D. Day. James Comiskey, Charles Anderson
and wife. Mrs. W. D. O"Kane, W. M. O'Kane.
Mrs. K. O. Reiser, F. W. Lasell, W. B. Stewart,
Mrs. A. M. Barnum, L. Barnum, Mrs. J.'.C.
Linne, Miss Adelaide Linne, Miss Carolan,
Mr. and Mrs. Tliomas Magee Jr., Miss Nettle
E. Gardner. From Willlts — William Rice.
Krom Hopland— E. Gulraud, Mi*e' Elsie Jones.
From KelBeyville — D. W. Cooke. From Mer
ced — S. S. Burge. From Oakland — James
Macllse, J. H. P. Atkins. E. B. de Golia, R.
W. I Taylor. From Cloverdale — Mr. and . Mrs.
C B. Shaw,. Mr. and Mrs. O. CJ Willia.mb.
From Stockton— H. B. Chalmers, Galnes Law
son. U. S. A. From Ross Valley — Miss Kittle,
A. T. Kittle, E. C.Thurston. - From Alameda —
J. ' R. Linin. From Burlingame — Prince A.
Poniatowskl. Princess Ponlatowskt, Mr. and
Mrs.' J: S. Tobin. ... . ~i ¦ ' ¦_
DEERPARK— San Francisco— W. J. Cam
eron, W. H. Wolfe, B. *A. Grifflth. W. H.
Wert, Dorothy K. Lewis', George F. Eberhard,
Dr. .and Mrs. O6car Taylor, L. -L. Maddux,
Mlf«K. M. McFee. Coaumne — J. B. Scott anc*
wife't^Iilditd Tong. Placerville — Mrs. J. Gray.
Sacramento — Mre. A. Autero, Miss Gertie
Auiero, L. Moore and wife,, H. Falk and wife.
Tahoe City-=-Mlss Holden, Mrs. Holden, F.
Cltmrnons. ¦ ; '
NAFA SODA SPRINGS— San Francisco —
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Wrlffht, I. Kahn and fam
ily, Raymond Jackson, Dr. Max Rothschild, J.
Harth, Joseph Eastwood. Mr. and Mis. M-
Hcyncmun, H. Rothschild, Mr. and Mrs. C,
Hadenfeldt, Mrs. A. Hilburn. New York— A.
Well, Mrs. A. Weil, Mr. and Mrs. P. Fletcher.
Mteu Margaret Fletcher. ! Oakland— M. Searles.
Napa — J. 'A.- McClelland and v/lfe. Miss Amy
Coombs. R.,'M. McClelland, Joe Mather. C. B..
Kitchen, A. Masehemass. Stockton — F. - A.
Pearson. Callsloga — Miss Downey. Berkeley —
Edv.-ard Fautz. ; .
Menlo Part-— E. S. Clute, wife and son; from
Kern City — James A. Bernard, wife and child;
trom Santa Clara — Jacob Eherhard: from Uon
zales — Mrs. B. Brady und S. H. Rambo and
wife, from Bowlder Creek.
EMRICK MUST WHISTLE
FOR MONEY FROM GITT
Continued From Page Thirty-Three.
At the branch of the St. Helena Sani
tariim. neither Dr. - Buchanan nor Dr
Bickhouse were to be seen last evening.
It was said there, however, that the case
of Mrs. Anthony was one of nervous pros
tration. / ¦
B. Clifford Jr., William Kratz, Miss Emily
Hahn, Miss Cora Griffin, Miss Elizabeth Posi,
Frank T. Miller and wife, Edward C. Atkins,
Edwin R. Jackson.-Oakland; Dr. H. H. Pills
bury and^vife, Arthur C. Pillsbury, Mrs. Frank
Phillips. Douglae Phillips, Los Angeles: H R.
Hegehing, Thomas J. Duff, W. A. Blsssll. W.
H. Bissell, J. Webster, Alameda; W. B. Hayes
Anita K. Hayes>, Miss Charlotte H. Meatle. Mr.
and Mrs. W. R. Hooper, New York: Mrs, Henry
M. Oddie, M!«s Anna G. Oddle, Miss Grace
Oddfe, " East Orange, N. J. ; Miss E. Kahn,
Chicago; Miss E. M. Pooley. Mill Valley; F.
E. Sleeper. C. "W. Sleeper, Mrs. LJndblom an.l
rlauRhter. Berkeley : . Iveon Berdenave. City of
Mexico; Miss Gray, Glen AlpSnt;- S. A. Copper,
Vallejo: 'Mrs. O. L-. Anderson. Columbus. Ohio.
Arrivals at the Hotel Geneva, Sausalito, for
the week ending June <i are: ,T. -W. Moore,
J. B. Lowe. Dr. Nellie Beighle. Mies C. Smith.
Captain and Mrs. RodKerp. C. Klein. Mr. Cot
ton. M. Mark. W. H. Blake. F. Doble, C.
Tounley. P. Ackerman, M. Taylor. Miss Donan,
Miss Lyngreen. C. M. Tyle, E. P. Ackerman.
San Francisco.: C. E. Chapln. ¦ Loa Angeles;
George Gartner, T. »Martin, r Miss " Williams;
W. Healey. New York; Mies Sherry, Sausallfo;
W. Stewart, Stockton; F.^ La wton, IJ. S. 8.
Perry; Albert Stolnfeld, Titcaon; Mr. Ransofaff,
Denver: Mr. Harrison, fjonora; Mr. Peiper.-San
Jose; Miss Miller, Miss Borrowe, Miss Sperry,
Ml?« Harrison, E. A. Pop*. Hugh Brown, Sau
fallto: T. Bernard, Fort Baker; W. H. Healey,
SauRalito. ¦ . •
Mr. Savage- declared that Dr. Anthony
was treating his wife with the greatest
consideration, and denied that he had
ever heard her mental condition discussed
or questioned in any way.
T. J. Savage of the firm of Dorn & Dorrt
& Savage, is the attorney for Anthony.
When asked for Anthony's address Mr.
Savage begged to be excused from giving
it. Having -his case in court, he said that
he would certainly advise his client not to
talk about the matter.
Andrew Thorne. attorney, whose offices
are in the Mills building, said that he hal
never met Mrs. Anthony, but was acting
in her behalf at the instigation of* her
friends. Mr. , Thorne said that she was
not legally committed to the sanitarium.
He alleges that she was under restraint
at the branch. Mr. Thorne said further
that it had been his intention to take
habeas corpus proceedings, but had de
cided, upon learning that Mrs. Anthony
bad been'removed from the branch to St.
Helena, to bring the facts within the
knowledge of her friends and to the at
tention of the court, so that when the
divorce case was called lor trial her in
terests might be fully protected. .
When seen at his offices Dr. Lux said
that the letter he received from Mrs. An
thony was perfectly sensible, and the
handwriting did not even denote that tha
writer was suffering even from nervous
ness. , He admitted that he was refused
admittance to the branch of the St.
Helena Santitarium. and as .a physician
requested Dr. Brickhouse to be allowed
to see Mrs. Anthony. Ultimately he whs
given the privilege of seeing her. During
the interview, ¦ the purport of which is
stated In the affidavit. Dr. Anthony came
into the room. He, too, said his wife was
of unsound mind. Mrs. Anthony then
asked him (Dr. Lux) whether he would
sign a certificate to that effect, and Dr.
Lux emphatically declared that he would
not. He advised that she be given a milk'
diet, and turning to her husband suggest
ed that probably he. Dr. Anthony, had
ordered a diet and treatment for his wife.
Anthony said that he had not done any
thing of the sort. Dr. Lux was greatly
surprised to see Mrs. Anthony in such a
position and is satisfied that she is not
mentally deranged.
LETTER IS SENSIBLE.
She said that her husband had taken her
there last Monday night and that she did
not know where she was until she woke
up the next morning. She informed Dr.
Lux that her husband told her that she
would be insane for six months r.nd that
he was. going to take her to the sanita
rium, and during that time she was not
to see the children. She also informed
the. doctor that Dr. Anthony had cast se
rious aspersions upon her character ana
had accused her. of conduct unbecoming a
lady during her voyage from South Af
rica to England.
Dr. Lux in his affidavit furthermore
says that Dr. Anthony and one Dr. Brick,
house, a lady physician in attendance at
the branch office of the sanitarium, said
that Mrs. Anthony was insane.
Dr. Lux declares that at that time Miss.
Anthony was not insane. He avers also
that Mrs. Anthony told him that her hus
band had brought his attorney to the
branch office of the sanitarium and that
she had agreed to and did^sign every
thing that was requested of her.
AT THE VARIOUS SUMMER RESORTS
In compliance with the request Dr. Lux
called on Mrs. Anthony. She was crying
and was mentally disturbed, and pros
trated and apparently in bad physical
condition. She looked emaciated and pale.
Dr. Frederick W. Lux, whose offices are
in the Mills building, has also made an
amdavit, in which he gives it as his opin
ion that Mrs. Anthony was of sound mind
prior to June 1, and was apparently In
sound mind and good health wiien he last
saw her. Last Tuesday he recefved the
following letter from Mrs. Anthony, sent
by special delivery: • _
Tuesday Morning. ¦
Dear Dr. Lux: Kindly call at St. Helena
Sanitarium branch office as soon as possible
on receipt of this. Doctor, I thought my trials
would all com* to an end once my husband
came back, but I can truly and safely eay
that they have just begun, and since my hus
band's return my" life has been hell. I will
explain to you when you come. . Excuse pencil.
I am all in bed. Yours truly, •
MRS. ANTHONT.
DECLARES SHE IS SAH"E.
Daniel J. S. Michau, in an affidavit, cor
roborates his wife and declares that Mrs.
Anthony never deserted her husband and
that on her departure from South Africa
Anthony bade her good-by and paid her
passage to San^ Francisco. "
On arriving here Mrs. Anthony was to
reside with her husband's sister. Michau
goes ' on. .to state that on visiting the
branch office of the St. Helena Sanita
rium last Friday' both he and his wife
were refused -admittance when a request
was made to see Mre. Anthony.'
Charles Buttlar's affidavit seta forth
that Anthony told him last Sunday that
he was not going to remain in California;
but intended returning to Johannesburg,
South Africa. Buttlar also states that he
believes that Ahthony' is endeavoring to
remove Mrs. Anthony from the influence
of her friends that he may obtain the di
vorce from her.
: Two days later Anthony told Mrs. Mi
chau that he had learned "all the evil
things about his wife through a Mrs.
White, a prophetess of Battle Creek."
Mrs. Michau charges that Anthony com
pelled his wife to write letters to her own
sister in South Africa in which she ac
cuses herself of misbehavior and, at the
same time, excuses Anthony of any fault.
Mrs. Michau further swears that Mrs.
Anthony had been made to sign papers,
the purport of which she did not under
stand.
FRIENDS of Mrs. Christina' J. An- i
thony appeared, -before Judge
Hebbard yesterday and made affi
davits in relation to her sanity,
and also wjth regard to her posi
tion in the * divorce proceedings com
menced by her husband. Dr. Kichard 13.
Anthony. •¦ » " ¦'.- , -
it is claimed that Mrs. Anthony has
been taken to the St. Helena Sanitarium
under the pretext that she isJnsane:
Her friends deny.'that her mind is af
fected, and aver that there are reasons on
the part of the husband for \ his having
her confined in the sanitarium, he hav
ing only last Wednesday commenced di
vorce proceedings. . •
Dr. Anthony came into prominence
when he was arrested in South Africa by
•British soldiers, and was tried and con
victed on a charge of treason, and sen
tenced to be shot. His wife had already
come to San Francisco in company wiui,
Mr. and Mrs. D. J. S. Michau. and on,
hearing of her husband's trouble She "i
tereeaed with the State Department at
Washington with a view of gaining ms
relea^5e on the ground that he was a nat
uralized citizen of the United States. An
thony, through th.is intercession and the
facts laid berore the English authorities,
was released. Mrs. Anthony: wortted
day and night in his behalf, and even
went to Washington to aid in the inqui
ries incident to the case. '
Anthony, on gaining his liberty, came at
once to San Francisco, but now that tne
war is ended it is stated in one of the
affidavits that he intends returning to
South Africa. It is alleged, also, that he
informed his wife that during her stay at
the sanitarium she would not be able to
see their two children. In his complaint
for divorce, filed the day of her removal,
Anthony asks for the custody of the
children.'
"i FILES -DIVORCE PAPERS.
The fact of Mrs. Anthony's being taken
to the sanitarium on the Gay that Dr. An
thony filed the divorce papers, and his
application for the custody of the chil
dren, together with an assuring remark
of his to his wife before she went to the
institution that when she came out they
would live comfortably with their chil
dren, are matters that aroused the sus
picion of Mrs. Anthony's friends.
In his complaint for divorce Anthony
sets forth that Mrs. Anthony deserted
him on June 2, 1901. In her amdavit Mrs.
.Michau says that she has known Mrs.
Anthony for several years and that she
had accompanied her and Mr. Michau
on their voyage to San Francisco from
South Africa in 1901. Her conduct had
always been exemplary. Last Monday
Mrs. Anthony told her, according to the
affidavit, that Anthony had kicked her,
had kneeled on her back while she was
prostrate and had accused her of infi
delity. Mrs. Anthony called upon de
ponent on Wednesday and she then told
her that Anthony had said that he would
take her to a sanitarium for one month,
and after that period they would live
happily together with their chil
dren. That same afternoon she was to
leave on the train for the St. Helena
Sanitarium.
Dn; Richard B. Anthony Seeks to Sever Marriage
Ties From Woman Who Saved His Life.
PUTS WIFE IN SANITARIUM
AND APPLIES FOR DIVORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJND^j JUNE 8^ 1902.
34
AMTJSEMENTS-
' ' EVENINGS AT $ SHARP!
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATUR-
DAY AT 2 SHARP!
. "HOW I MAKE A DOL.L?"
To Find Out, Visit Ua and Se«
TBCJS
JBegr* Jfa^n G9 jHF %¦ '1 I K^
Wfc Bff Hb HB Wl fly Rj I I r"t
THE PERFECTION OF ENTERTAINMENTS.
* v -*
A FEW OF THE ATTRACTIONS:
A GREAT CAST! '
A BEWITCHING OPERA!
A WEALTH OF CLEAN FUN!
A HOST OF MECHANICAL NOVELTIES!
A LOT OF CAPTIVATING SONGS!
BRING THE CHILDREN ON SATURDAY.
EVERY ONE GETS A HANDSOME TOY!
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 60c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9. ¦
FiSCher'S Theater.
a Tt ,
Triumph Breaks
.- For /> the
San Francisco. Record.
"FIDDLE PEE DEE"
BEGINS THE TENTH WEEK TO-MORROW
NIGHT. .
KOLB, DILL, BERNARD, STILL "TOWN
: - ¦ • TAIiK."
And there Is handsome MAUDE AMBER.
Clever FREDA GALLICK; WINFIELD
BLAKE, the best all-round actor In America;
HARRY HEBMSEN, the acme of comedians.
RETURN and FAREWELL BENEFIT.
• POLLARD'S FAMOUS
JUVENILE OPERA COMPANY.
ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY. I
.WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. June 11.
M«nlflc*nt Production of Gilbert & Sullivan's
". Greatest Opera, s -
•'PINAFORE.' 1
6 -
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"MY LADY^DAINTY."
Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVEN-
Third y Week of America's Younse^t Star
MAUDEFEALY
In Jerome K. Jerome's Clever Comedy
"Miss Hobbs;"
?.'. '¦¦-'• . First Time On Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICE8-^Wc, 15c. 25ci 60c, 75c
. Good.' Orchestra Beats All Matinees, 25c.
lu-niuui ; Saturday.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the Nelll Company Prissnttng Dion
Boucicault's Great Racing Play
¦fTT fT* THURSD4Y
V. ;? ~ ¦~ J — 25c and 5Qc
NEXT— SUNDAY EVENING • ''-'¦-
"SOWING THE WIND."
. SEATS THURSDAY.
An • additional charge of 30
cents to puy expreit.iuge rvili
be; required front out of . totrm
subscribers ordering by mail.
A car-load 7 of Cook Dooki
hai Juftt arrived from Chlcitfra
and they, arc rea«ly for distri-
bution at the Itustness ofHc»
of thin paper. All Call sub-
scriber* are entitled to a. copy
of this sreat Cook Boole » at
tlie premium price of flftT.
cents.
TWENTIETH CEHTURYCOOK BOOKS
AMUSEMENTS. '
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINBS TO-DAY.-Pr!c«s 10c, 15c, 25c,
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
Sidewalks of New York.
Tn Mnrriiw Fv'ff ALI * NEXT WEEK
10'ifiorrow tvg Mat Sat . and sundry.
The Heart to Heart Play of Human Interest, A
A Drama of Mingled Laughter and Tears.
It ExaUs the Woman. While It En"nobl«s the
Man.
One of the greatest melodramas ever writ-
ten. Produced by the strongest cast ever seen
at this theater.
Among the players will be Fanny Mclntyre,
Annette Marshall, Margaret Wycherly, Georgia
Cooper, Agnes Ranken, Mabel Bowman, Karlr
Brown, James Conigan, Julius Me Vlcker, Ed-
win T. Emery, Stanley Ross, Elmer Booth,
George Nlcholls and George P. Webster.
PTI FQ EVENINGS .10c to 50c
i I.E5 MATINEES ...10c. 15e, 25c.
feginning TO-MORROW. Monday.
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY,
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents 3
HENRY ' MAKGARET
MILLER ANGLIN
. And a SPECIAL COMPANY. In
'TRELAWNYOF
THE WELLS."
- A comedietta in four acts by A. W. Plnero. -
Owing to the length of the- performance th«
curtain will rise at 8:15 sharp.
Box offlo' open Sundays from 10 a. m. to 2
p. m. Seats $1 60. ' $1, 75c. 50c and 25c.
% DRY GOODS COMPANY. £
Q , ! . : ;' . ;©
i Domestic Department {
9 Continuation of our Speedy Clearance Sale of ®
I High Class Embroidered Novelties |
0 Consisting of Embroidered PI u metis, Swiss and 9
O Etarnine, 44 inches wide, the balance o? our choicest &
® colorings and designs, all new and fresh. ®
I MarKed Down to Clear Out. J
© t> — ¦ — — '¦ o 9
• T PRINTED JACONETS Jand EXTRA HEAVY AMERICAN Q
• BADEN. MADRAS-Tho 'bal- GINGHAMS-Comprising aM ©
© ... _ . . , our selected stock of novel ©
O ance of the Springstock fl effects and colorIngs , ©
• reduced to, a yard lUb yard |UC ®
5 o- — : o I
S Best Grade French Flannels. S
C - ' • ' A
2 Odd Colorings In broken lines assorted patterns sold earlier in Z
S the season for 75c a yard must be closed out entirely this q
0 week at this striking price. @
I 4Oc €L Yarci. g
§ CLEAMNCE SALE. |
• We are making startling offerings •
0 in our entire stock 01 Outer Wear. x
• LADIES' TAILOR MADE SUITS, |
S SILK AND WOOLEN DRESS SKIRTS, S
! SILK AND CLOTH JACKETS, |
I FULL LENGTH AND THREE-QUARTER SILK GOATS. |
q Would suggest inspection of the above g
IO before making purchases. q
8 — S
i Curtain Department 1
§ Extra Offerings This Week. §
2 RUFFLED CURTAINS— 250 pairs in bow-knot, colored and dotted QIV, 2
O • effects, former price $1.25 a pair, special this week V V/w g
5 RUFFLED CURTAINS— 175 pairs in striped and figured. effects, former ©
p. prices were Si. 75 and $2.25 a pair, special price for this week ff "I Cf\ 5
2 STRIPED MADRAS CURTAINS— 150 pairs in thres colors will tff Cfl •
2 be offered as a notable special this week lor, a pair tpl.t/V ®
• NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS— 175 pairs of good, strong and well made ©
curtains, former price $1 25 a pair, are specially reduced to sell QA^ •
J for, apair 'Jl*4i 7\Ji, •
• NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS— 200 pairs in handsome designs and good ©
£* makes, former prices $1.75 and $1.50, to be cl:sed out im- fl* 4 O
0 mediately at, apair $1*LjD •
• ARABIAN CURTAINS-125 pairs of handsome curtains in this stylish O
make will be closed out this week at the modest price of, ffCJ f\f\. •
5 apair •p^.Uv-'g
0 / 3
8 Millinery Seduction. j
• All our Trimmed Hats can be purchased at.... S
1 One Half the Original Prices. |
o : «
Mail and Express Orders receive immediate attention. ©
• CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, «
0 Geary and StocVton Streets, Union Square. @
BESSHaHHHHHHaBBHBHBEBBBL.ESBaaaHHHa!IBBnHaBBBBBHna
H- : . . . ..---¦..'-. ¦"*. -'..-- "."* - - ¦¦
¦ ' '• ¦¦ '¦ ¦ " ¦ -..-¦"¦..-,-" "¦ "- ' '¦".: ¦•;•;• •--¦- " n
am . - ¦ - . __—- " ""' : "'^^ ' >- WW^^F^''~~
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE j
I REDUCTIOIMS! REDUGTI0NS1 ]
h We have msde still further reductions. |
| The very newest styles at bargain prices. §
S Tailop Made Suits - at Reduced Prices |
}| Silk Garments - - at Reduced Prices |
|i Jackets = « - - - at Reduced Prices 3
;| Silk Skirts - - - at Reduced Prices g
| Cloth Skirts- - - - at Reduced Prices |
h '-¦• ;• .' -,. — — - ¦ : . -.- H
| $30.00 and '$4000 HIGH NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, silk-lined or |
B . with extra quality silk drop skirt. Reduced to $20.00 and $3o.00 H
! g r $22.50 and $20.00 TAILOR SUITS. Reduced to. .......... . . . . .$15.00 ¦
g $1500 and $17.50 TAILOR SUITS. Reduced to...... .....^lO.OO g
H $12.50 ALL-WOOL ETON SUITS. Reduced, to...... ;...S?7.3O ¦
I $10.00 PEAU DE SOIE ETONS, satin-lined. Reduced to....... $6.50 ,¦
BS: $12.50 PEAU DE SOIE ETONS, satin-iined. Reduced to • • .$7.50 g
I $18.50 PEAU DE SOIE TUXEDOS. Reduced to > ?12.50 ¦
| $32.50 PEAU DE SOIE LONG COATS, Novelties. Reduced to.....^.. q
q i • Jpi»l.»*O g
5 $3500 BLACK BROADCLOTH BISHOP COATS. Reduced to.-... ¦
Q .»... #22.5O g
B $3.00 and $3.50 PURE WOOL SKIRTS, Percaline lined. Reduced . to ?
0 ...;.. .: $2.00 B
1 $6.00 BLACK VENETIAN SKIRTS, trimmed. Reduced to ?4.00 |
B $12.00 BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS, with extra drop skirts, trimmed ?
¦ .:..-..; ; $8.pO B
S $12.50 FANCY TRIMMED TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS. Reduced to 5'
• I $7.5O I
B $20.00 NOVELTY SILK SKIRTS. Reduced to $12.50 R
5 $5.00 MISSES' and CHILD'S JACKETS. Reduced to.. $2.50 g
3 $3.00 FANCY SILK MOREEN PETTICOATS. Reduced to $2.00 g
1 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET- |
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflil
ADVERTISEICENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK, pSk Jg W^ M^ i Cured While
WASTING, 1%JF| |» * Wm You Sleep,
STRICTURED §W1 i^ 1 IN 15 DAYS
£--£^j^ "Gran-Solvent" (no Wonder of the Century*
,T*%fc^«m C^-^I^^^-^.v Dissolved LOte Snow Beneath the
/ • j&S^V TriC LSI T6 Sun ' in iS SAYS. The Tension
Jfe^ f^%# A^^£fi^tiw:i^ Is Instantly Relhved.
yf <£&Wg ' 2C,468-'GZinES LAST YEAR—2Q,468
IV WT /-*.«* \r /^/^ />^ Arc Restored by the ITapic
i^^^ W CSR iVI^n St. James .Treatment, Ap-
v^^j^^^ t y vwi\ I? avili plied Locally and Directly.
\7*a#«iiAry>AT^1i£* A Sluggish Accumulation of Blood in the
V dllvUvCIv Veins, due to a torpid, diseased Prostate Gland.
"Gran-Solvent" heals the Prostate and renews
vigorous circulation, which expels impure blood and restores Ji^althy tissue.
Showing CA-mnXKT of the St. James Crayons. Preparea in Tariovit letiKths to suit the Patient's condition,
cr« inserted Uito the Crethra.1 canal npon retiring at night, slip into position without the sligtten eflort,
„ ; requiring three hours to dissolve.
"GRAM-SOLVENT" Acts Uko a Mild Electric Current, impart-
ing vim and snap to the entire body. No vile, stimulating drugs to ruin .the
stomach and digestive system, but a direct and positive application to the
Entire Urethral Tract Bcduciner Enlarged Prostate Gland and Strensrtneninff
the Ducts, Forever Stopping Drains*
Writa7o-Day. Do Not Delay* Ej' y "'-' lk " Ar "'^ r "" ' ¦"¦il^"'^ !¦*¦¦' iliiliT'.r
Any sufferer from STRICTURE and Its FREE 7REATI E GOU'ON.
offspring. Varleocele, Prostatltis and Weak- "— • ¦ —^
nees Is invited to cut out the coupon herewith. CT I \UP?. HFflinAI A^HP.IA I IflH
write his name and address plainly, mail it to J*"»CO HlLUlUflL AOOUUIAHUr*,
the St. James Mefllcal Assn., 250 St. J^mes -50 St. Jame* nirtg-., CIXCIN-
Bldg., Cincinnati. O., and thej' will send their If ATI, O.
llluttrated Treatise, thowing __ Please send rce a cooy of ; your lllus-
the »n« of the male system |4 MA A 1 rated Work securely sealed. PRE-
SIK^'r *"CC PAIU. FRKB of all CHARGES. |
HOME TREATMENT *™*
By mnll enn be used by the Patient ' ¦ .
as succeKKfally an by ouritelveii. i AddrcKfi !
We Have CURED JIEX in Every. City
In the U. S. and Almost Ever/ ¦•
Country on Earth. aga^^w^Mm^mfwtMmAUMLu^mHw^^^jfUf^
ST. JAMES MEDICAL ASSN., 25 l^,^ CINCINNATI, 0.
Week Commcncin* THIS AFTEK-
NOON. June 8.
A VAUDEVILLE HECCA!
The Sensation of the Day.
THE MOTOGIRL
The Latest European Mystery. <
j Remarkable Slaglne Trio. |
HOLCOMBE and CURTIS, I
Introdncin? "SWELLS AT SEA." !
Is The New. Zealand Barytone. it
! ; Eccentric ' Comedians. 71
Sincers and Dancers. »
Character Sinser and Dancer. J>
MURPHY and SLATER 1
The Daiktown Comedians. ?>
THE BIOflRAPH j
\ Showing the Latest Novelties in Mov- 1
<? lni Pictures. 3
'< ? " LAST "WEEK OF
LEROY and CLAYTON
C Presentlns "HOGAX OF THE HAN-
SOM."
Parquet, 23c, any part: Balcony.
. 10c: Children^ 10c. any part except re-
I served. A few front orchestra rows,
j reserved, .".Oc: front rows of Balcony,
' reserved, 25c.
! r — ¦ — —
j NOTE. — Hereafter -when telephoning
I > ask central for ORPHEUM. Instead of
Z Main Kol\
UNION COURSING PARK. .
JSO. O&iCE. Jndgs; JA3. T. GBACS, 81lpj»r.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY - - - - JUNE 8
Fleet Bail Honnds
siffltti
Classified States,
64-N0MINATI0NS44
¦ ¦ • ¦• , ¦ ¦ /
TRATN SERVICE. .V " f
Leaves Third, and Townsend streets 10:15 a.
m., 11 a. m., 12 m.» and 1 p. m.; Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. ra. and after the last
course. San JIateo electric cars every five
minutes.-. : -'-,/^.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE. <
BELASCO AND THALL. Manage™.
LAST TIMES. j
TO-DAY— MATINEE AND EVENING.
HIS WIPE'S F^ATHER
TO-MORROW (MONDAY).
Grand Opening Season of the Favorite Actress.
FH^OFgEISGB ROBERTS
Supported ly WHITE WHITTLESET and th»
Surpassing Alcazar Stock Co., In
DAVID EELASCCS GREAT PLAT.
— -zaZA
An Enormous Production-^-Splendld Cast.
SATURDAY MATINEES ONLY.
. Seats on Sale Two Weeks In Advance.
CDircC Evenings.. 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c and 75o
rniWCJ Matinees *cl5c, 25c. 33c and 50o
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVEBY AFTEB-
NOON AND EVENING.
ROMANY TRIO; HILL AND WHTTAKER;
RAFFERTY -AND ONSLAW; ARTHUR
LANE: MLLE. LAURELLE: THE LA-
MONTS, AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
The Litite Lake Shore Railway Now Running
BEE BEAUPRE. the Tallest Man on Earth.
Admission. . . • 10c Children .Be
Phone f of Seats — Park 23.
ELKS STREET FAIR
and CARNIVAL
OAKLAND - - - CAL.
JUNE 14-foJH, f 02.
ADMISSION TO GROUNDS - - - - - lOc:
Grand Opening: Parade FRIDAY
>"Sv NIGHT, June 13, '02.
SUXRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
¦. T^ Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p m.
ADMISSION ICc— CHILDREN 5c
Bathing. Including admission. 25c; children 20c.
PfllflCfi Desirable location.
* UIUVV unsurpassed cuisine,
,-;. j tin equaled ser-
i\X\\\ vice ? nd modern
u **** conveniences are the
p - attributes that have
llf/lfin tnade these two ho- .
UiailU te i s p O p U i ar with
U t \ tourists and travel-
llAtPlC ers w ho visit San
M" ig13 Francisco.
The Weekly CaM.
fy&r Year.
H«S For half t century Creme de |
Bl L\\ his created perfect com- g
nl « plexions. It -removes tan, I
MM pimples, blotches, sun- |
ml burn and All oily exuda- A
Hi tlons,; leaving the skin soft |
&$lj It stimulates and feeds the »£
i^ skin, thus imparting the health- B£
1g ful glow of earlier ye»rs. ' , II
Inf Indorsed by dermatologists, \m
IH phyaicians and druggists In
IB v wherever it , is known. IH
II All Druggists, 50c. ML
Bi Or.direct of us, prepaid, for. R».
mi ROc. Trial size, postpaid, for\ EQ
ft". E. B. Harrington &'Co.^J|]
g& Los Angeles, Cal.
AMTJSE2OINTS.Continued on Page Thirty-Hint
ST. /JOSEPH
ST. , JOSEPH, Mo., June 7.— CATTLE— Re-
¦ Kheep-^-Recelpts, ,700. • Sheep .steady: lambs
steady. Good - to choice B wethers, $5 25<56 '25;
fair to choice mixed/ $4 60@5 25; We-jtern sheep
$5 25@8 15: native lambs, ?3 25@6 »; Western
lambs, - ?5 40©6 85; spring lambs; $7 30.
CHICAGO, , June 7. -^-Cattle— Receipts 700,
including 400 Texans.,;! Steady; good to prime
steers,' $7 25@7 50; :poor' to' -medium. ; $5®ft &0:
stockers and feeders,' -$2 50®5 25; cows, $1 50®
6 75; heifers, ?2 50@0; canners, $1 60@2 60:
bulls.' $2 50^5 50; calves, $2@6 50; Texas fed
steers;, ?4@0 40. " ;: .-.' '.¦ . ,- ,
Hoe«— Receipts . to-day, 15,000 ; Monday, 42,i
000; left over, 3800. Flvecents higher; mixed
and^butchere, $6 93@7.40; good to choice heavy,
$7@7 30; liffht; ?G S5(g;7 20; bulk of sales. $7 30
@7 3(1. ¦.¦•;, - . .-:¦: ¦--.'¦ ¦ '•¦' •-.'..:* '-.-v,- *
Eastern Livestock Market.
BAGS — Grain Bags, Jun« and July. 5%©8c;
San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@33c; Fleeca
Twine, 7}J®8c.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, 5S; SeatUe. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay,' $5 50; Greta.
$8; Wallsend, $S 30; Co-operative "Wallsend.
$9 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 ia
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ;
Welsh Anthracite. $14: CaimeU $11 per ton;
Coke. $13 per ton in bulk and $17 tn tacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per 2000
lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL — California Cstor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c: pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels. boile>1.
78c: raw. 76c; cases. 5c more; Lucol, 63c for
boiled and 66c for raw._ln barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. $1; cases, -SI 05;
China Nut. 57}i@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pur*,
65c: Whale Oil, natural white, 40®50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c: cases. 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 631£c for Ceylon and
58^ for Australian.
COAL Oil. — Water "White Coal OH. la butt
IS^SfUc; Pearl Oil,- in caset. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c: Esrtra Star. 23e; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 18c;
la cases. 22^ic: Benilne, in bulk. 14%c; Jn
cases. 21c; SB-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; ia
eases. 26^ c.
TURPENTINE — 71c per gallon. Ia cases and
65c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Westera Sugar Reflatog Com
pany Quotes as follows, per pound, in ICO-lb
bags: Cubes, A. Crashed and F1n« Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c: Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4^5c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners" A. 4.23c; Magnolia A. 3.83c;
Extra C, 3.75c Golden C. 3.63c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half -barrels. 25c more;
boxes. SOc more; SO-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos^ — HaU-barrels. 4.75c; boxen,
5c .per lb. -No order t-afc"" for less than -,5
barrels or its equivalent.
COFFEE — C E. Bickf ord's circular gives tha
receipts of Coffee at this port ' thus far this
year at 127,367 bags, against 176.132 during tha
some time last year. The sales from first
hands were 77,821 bags, against 84.693. Tha
General Merchandise.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For twenty- four hours ending 5 p. m., 120th
meridian time. San Francisco. June 7.
coast in the znomins and at night.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
easing midnight June 8, 11*02:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, excent
foggy aicnjc the coast in the morning and at
right; ligrht, variable winda In the interior;
fresh -westerly along the coast.
Bouthern California — Fair Sunday; fresh
•west wind. • y ¦''¦• '.
Ncvafia — Fair Snnday. > ''*"'; J 'V..
Eaa Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
¦with fog !n the morning and at right ; fresh
•we«t wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official, temporarily Jn charge.
FORECAST. ¦¦¦:'.'
FaJr -weather prevails over the Pacific Slope,
except cloudy In Northern Arizona rnd along
Puget Sound. Tb.e oretsTire has fallen over
the northern Dcrtion of the Pacific Klcpe and
risen over the Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature has risen In all districts
enS Is about 10 degree* above the normal
ttrotigbout the interior of California.
Condition* are favorable for fair and con
tinued ¦warra ¦weather throughout the Interior
cf California and lossy weather along the
TTEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE COAST RECORD.
¦ COR-N — The' market continues inactive, but
prices are maintained, by the leadfng holutr.
who controls the situation. The. Chicago in
ter oOBoltoji. De Huyter & Co. says: ' "Mar
ket here was quiet. and firm. Movement from
the interior is Small . and , casfi" demand . only
moderate. There is no change in local spec
ulative conditions. ...We do "' net' think the per
sonal holders . «Q far' show, any dieposltion to
decrease their holdings. Scattered • short -in
terest is in our Judgment large, both for July
and September. The whole Corn belt is haying
excessive rains, and this occasioned . some feel
ing of apprehension, but nothing In the -way
of BP<|Culative buying co far." ..' ,. .
Large Tellow, $1 45@1 50; small round do.
$1. 5(rtii; 62%: White. $1 65@1 <50.
RTE— 90(S95c per ctl. • .' : .:". .'.,.; ..:;•* .'. :\:
BUCKWHEAT-r^a 25®2 CO per ctl asked.
Flour' and Millstuffs.
¦ FLOUR-^Callf ornia ,' Family Extra*, j $3 50©
3 75." usual Mrnis; Bakers* 'Extrasr $3 40^3 50:
Oregon, $2 75®3 25 per barrel for family: and
$3®3 60 for Bakers': Washington BakerB'.^W©
8 CO. '¦'¦ •'¦*¦'¦ -:- : ¦ ¦ ' ¦" '. ¦¦¦¦'• ' -'-' '.:
¦ '." MIUC*STUFyS— Prices in sacks are as fol
low*;" usual rdlScoUtjt- to : the trade: • Graham
Flour $3 per JOfl lbs; ByecFJour; $3: Rye Meal.
$2'75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, '$3 25;; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy. $4®
4 25; -Buck-wheat Flonr, $? 60@4 75; .Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. : $4 50; 1 .Whole Wheat
Flour, $a 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 35®a; in
sack*. $8 85<8>8 W: Pearl Barley. $5 80; Split
Peas, $5 CO; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s. " ,
"All descriptions remain ea before quoted.
.Grays. $1 37Ji@l 45; Whites; $1 35@1 50;
Milling; - : $l--56ei 65: Black, $1 25@I 35; Red.
$1 32V^«*1 4f». per qtl. • . .¦
. OATS— Most d-alers reijort a dull and weak
market, with concessions ' necessary, to effect
sales.' At the same time tin-re have- been some
large c-rdfirs lately 6ent to . this market. .The
mait: Cause of thj wcUcness is the near-ap
proach of the new crop. • The Chicago letter
6f BMton. De Ruyter & Co. rays: '^Market
is steady. There has .been, enough' covering \>t
shorts during. the past few', days ; to ease- the
tension. Homewhat. with enough profit taking to
supply the demand to-day. There is no chanse
in the cash situation. Oals .are- in good de
mand and' scarce. There is 'also some consider
able, feeling i>f apprehension in regard to the
«lfect of the excessive rainfall on the pat crop,
but no" rpeclal : damage so far." '
— No sales.
Regular Mornlnjc Sf ?st6n-
Informal S^snion — f» :15 o'clock— No tales.
Second Session—^No tale?. , ¦
CALL. BOARD SALES
Feed. ; 1)3% ftO5c j*or No. 1' and 00Q02'/4c for
off grades : brewing. !><Hi@^7>ic; Chevalier,
$1 20 asked for standard. .'-..-
. BARLICY — The market shows ' no change
whatever. Trade is very dull, and buyers pur
chase.only from hand to mouth. - -
Regular. Morning Session — No sales.
CALL BOAKD SALES.
, Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock—December —
fcOtiO ctls. «1 11. :
Second Session — December — 1000 ctls. $1 11;
4000,- -$1 \l\it. .: V
In. this market- chote* milling is in light sup
ply and firm, while shipping grains show no
change..** Futures. are higher.
Spot Whfat— Shipping, U 1031 I1U: milling
fl 15<gl 17 "A per ctl. ' -»¦..:
' "BroomhaU predict? nine millions world's
shlyinenls and a (JecrEase'.on passage. North
west stocks decrease : about . 1.500,000 bushels,
and a decrease on passage is likely. Exces
nlve- wet . weather. -continues throughout the
West, but. the sections .where harvesting is in
progress ' seem , to get less of it than the rest
of the country. The strength in Paris is al*o
on excessive rains. Complaints of a mild dam
age in this country, so' far are -few. Cash -de
mand is ¦ slow. ' There 13 less pressure on the
market from short' selling. The immediate
future seems" mainly dependent on weather."
Chicago was quiet and featureless, but. sev
eral fractions higher. The regular letter of
Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. 'says:
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris futures wer»
both higher. . .
CHICAGO, June 7.— Wheat took a strong
grlp on the market early to-day and worked
its prices somewhat higher on cables and fear«
of wet harvests. In France the harvest Is
almost due and prices are advancing on. uu
old prectdent that ln.iormer times wet weather
buch as -they an; having hurl the ci\>p muuh.
Here there were plenty- of bearish jn.iuenceo,
but, additional rains alter tile already ' heavy
downpours started covering and' a good sup
port. Bulls argued that tin- preuent low prices
could be JustitU-d only on the assumption that
tlie yield was to be t-xceptionaliy large. There
wag very .little -belling ' pressure on'the mar
ket early and good buying came from com
mission houses. July opened %<iMsC hifeher at
7ay 4 H/72vic and sold at 72',-jC. Uradually thi
support of the larger interests Y£i}« wltn
diawn, the report that cuttlnx was going, on
In the southern part 'of this sitate and -that
the wheat would • be on. the market within a
week led to some sellins and July Mid 1 o»t
to 71%SJ72c. After that^ the market haggled
narrowly with a small upturn, on liberal sc?a.
board clearances of wheat and flour, which
amounted to • 620,000 bushels. The close was
firm. July %c up, at 72VJC. • - .
Corn . was dull, but firm. ¦ Most of the day
the crowd was guessing at the attitude ' "of
the leaders. .July closed firm. hiQ%c up, at
Co',eC. '
Liquidation took ¦ some of the strength out
of oats. . Influences favored th» bullg. July
oats cloe»d barely steady, a shade ' down at
30>*@30'.4c'
Provisions had a dull trade. July pprk clpsecl
steady. 2 Vic up, lard a shade higher and ribs
2 '/jc hirher. ,
The' leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
July ;-. ; 72H 72^ 71% 72»i
September ..... 71V) 71 u, 70% 71 »~,
December 72', 72 V A 72 . 72%
Corn No. 2 —
July.... <**U ; . 03%; <\2% Kili,
September WYa SB\v 5STs 59
Deceit!b«*r 45 45 U% 44Ts
Oats No. 2 —
July.- old....... 37 o'K ."?f> T i W%
July, new -"O^ ".nH\ snij r.!Hi
September, old. 20Vi 2f»U •» 2»
v^eptember. new. 31 Vi. 31 K 31. ' ,3t
December, .new. S1U 31K 31!i 31H
' Mess ncrk,- per barrel — • '..-..
July ..17 40 17 47»i 17 S5 17-42%
September ...;.17 »0 . 17 50 17 40 17 *5
Lard, per ICO pounds— ¦- .-;.--...
Julj' : ....10 25 10 27J'i 10 22^.10 27»/»
September 10 27 Vi 10 T.0_ r 10 27 «^ 10 30
Short ribs, per 100 pounds — . -*>i , ¦-. •. ¦
July .10 ITV^j 10-17% 10 17U 10 17U
September .... .10 10- 10 10 10 62% 10 07^
Cash '* were as ¦• follows: No. 3
spring wheat, .70@72c: No. 2 red. SOc; No. 2
yellow.' »i.(Vjc: No. 2 oats, 42^c: No. 2 white,
45y.«U0Mic: No. S white,' ,4.y#4<l We: No. 2 rye.
M%JI69C{I fair to choice itialting .barley. '65©
C7c; No. 1 flaiseed, $1 5'>: No. 1 Northwestern.
SI 70; Mess pork, per "barrel, $17 50<ft7 55;
lard, per 100' pounds. $10 22ii(g>10 25; .short
rlb3 Rides noose).- $10 10«?10 20: dry salted
= (boxed). £i5-8ttc; short,: clear sides
(boxed). 510.C0ST10 C5; whisky, basis of high
wines; $1 30: clover, contract grade. $8 3g. •
Articles-^' . Receipts. Shipments;
Flour, barrels .:..... lj.OOO 11,000
Wheat, bushels .110.000- 89.000
Com, buslic'.s SO, 000 32D.0Q0
Oats, .bushels ........ .....123,000 . 111,000
Hy«, bushels ....' I.IXK) '......
ISaiicy, . bushels . .-.'.". :..... 7.000 . i.qcq
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries.- 18®22c; dairies.
ISQilB^c Cheese, weak. - &U@i0Uc Eggs,
easy; fresh, 15&c. ¦ • * ¦ • . •
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, t>0 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight..... — 4 &Hi
Sterling Cables .....* — 4 *»?-i
New York Exchange, sight. — ¦ •• . 15'
Now York Exchange, tslegraphlc — ]7',j
Silver, per ounce — 5i-v 4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 40^,
The demand and supply about balance and
prices show no change.
DRE.SSED MEATS.
. Wholesale lates" from slausateren to deal
era are a a folJcws:
BEEF— 6^@7%c for Steers and 5%®6%o p«r
lb for Cows. .
VEAL — Larpe. 7S8c; email, 8©0o per In.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@8%c; Ewes. 7%*53o
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lnmbs, 9©10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. *7%@O%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The follcwing quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at Sas Francisco, leas 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%<&9c; Cowa and Eelfen,
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— C<35%c per lb (gross •weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4®4%c; Ewe», 8®3&o
per lb < cress weieht).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50@2 75 per
head cr 4;-i®5c per lb live weight; yearlings.
4&4V:C ptr ib.
HOGS- -Live Hozs, 200 lbs and Tinder. 654, c;
200 lb» and over. 6®8%c; feeders, 606%c;
&ows 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent oit
and stags 10 per cent off from the above <juo
•cations.
San Francisco -Meat Market.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
Receipts of Strawberries continued light and
choice offerings -ywere scarce. Gosd berries only
are quoted below. Raspberries were unchang
ed, but Logans were offering more freely and
prices declined. Gooseberries were In heavy
receipt and rather slow.' Currants are holding
up -well, although receipts are steadily In
creasing.
Choice offerings of fruit of all descriptions
met with ready sale at fair prices. Receipts
of Cherries continued very large and Apricots
were offering more freely. Only small quan
tities of. other fruits ara being received.- The
eanners were in the market for Cherries and
bought white for 2«4@3c and .Royal Anne
for Cc.
¦ The crate of Nutmeg Melons that arrived
from Tuma on the pf-feding day was sold for
$7 60. The crate contained 15 Melons, all of
which arrived In good / order and well ma
tured. '..•¦....'..
, There Is nothing new to report In the Citrus
market, all descriptions 'moving off fairly welL
One car of oranges v/itl be auctioned to-mor
row/ ¦-. . ¦ *. ,' ¦ . ¦ ;.-»•'.
STRAWBERRIES— $6010 per chest for
Longwonhs end $4<§7 for Malindas; crates
from Florin. 75<:g$l.
RASPBERIUKH — $SO10 per chest; crates
from Loomis $1@1 25.. ' . .
LQG ANBERRIES— ?7©8 per chest; crates
from Wallace; — — .
BLACKBERRIES— In crates from Loomis,
?1 50/ ¦" "¦ " -' • ' " ¦ ' "
GOOSEBERRIES— 52 50®3 per chest and 1
03c in bulk; English, per drawer and
in bulk. • >
CURRANTS — £*<S6 per chest.
. CHERRY PLUMS — «5@5Cc per drawer.
APRICOTS— €5c<S$l 25 per box - and $1 25®
1 60 per crate for common offerings; fancy
Seedlings, 51 25i$l 50 per drawer.
. APPLES— $2 50gr, r.er box for old; Green,
•tOigGuc per box "and 40<a*50c per. basket.
. PEARS-^-Madellne. 65@75c for small boxes
and 51 for large ; baskets, 50c
PEACHES— From Vaca villa and the river.
$1 25 per box. -
. CHERRIES— White, 25@40c per. box; In bulk.
2®-lc: Black. ,%t?SOc per box and 2H©4}je in
bulk: Royal Anr.e. 50® 65c per box and 5@6c
In bulk.
PiGfe— Blaek from Tuma, $2<§ 2 50 per box.
CITRUS' TRTTTTS— Navel Oranges. $2@4, ac
eordln* to" size and quality: Seedlings, 75c@$2-
Mediterranean Sweets. 75c5J$a; ¦ St. Michaels
?1 50@3: Valencias, $2 50®4; Lemons, 75c©
fl fcr -. common and Sl.25§l 75 for good to
choice and :$2@2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit,
75cg$l 50; Mexican Limes*. $4®4 50; Bananas.
$2®3 per bunch fcr New Orleans and $1 50©
2 25 fcr Ha \va.l.ia; Pineapples.* $3®4 per dozen.
v Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Apricots are the leading fruit at present-.. as
they are the first to appear oa the marketi Tha
crop will probably j be large and of i good qual
ity. . Cotttracts are • reported at e^SSIlc for
Deciduous and Ciirus Fruits.
BUTTER — Creamery. 21 ',t<S22c per pound for
fancy, 21 e for firsts and 20@20 1 4c for seconds;
dairy. 17ijt21c: store Butter, 14glBc per pound
CHKESK— New. 0&9Vjc: old. »-gllc; Young
America, 10c: Eastern, 135213c per pound.
EGGS — Kancb. 2iJc for fancy and 17©13c
for fair to good;, store, 17©17Uc per dozen.
Receipts were 40.800 pounds. 227 cubes and
37. kegs* of Butter, 1157 cases of Kgge,
cases of Bastern Egso, 41E0 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and 7400 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
Eggs btand th<? same. There are plenty here
to go around, and iome dealers report an over
plus. The general tone of the market, how
ever. Is steady.
Butter continues topheavy. with holders sell
ing as fast as possible, some of them reporting
concessions necefesary to effect sales. Re
ceipts ark liberal, and Fpot stocks are large.
Most cf the arrivals continue to go into store.
Thfre is no further change. in Cheese, which
is quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13??14c for Gob
blers and 133J14C for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25: Goslings. $1 25«S1 50: ¦ Duck.-. $rj so@
4 for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4 50<§>
5 50; young Roo*stei>«. $G 5O®8; old Roosters,
$4 B0@4 75; Fryers. $4 f.0#5 50; Broilers, $:j£?4
for large and $2@2 50 for imall; Pigeons, $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs
GAMK — Hare, 75c®?1 ; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush.
Small quantities of Hare and Rabbits are
coming in right along and sell at the quota
tions.
Good young Poultry was in demand at sus
tained, prices and the end of the week found
the market steady anrt well cleaned up. re
ceipts of Callfornlan were moderate during the
week and only three cars of Eastern came
In. One car of Eastern is due to-morrow, but
will probably arrive late and will not be sold
until the following day.
Poultry and Game.
LIVERPOOL. .. ¦¦'¦<¦¦
Wheat — ¦ : ' ; r l . July:".". Sept.
Opening .5 10Ji . «1
Closing : ... 5 lOfi lil
PARIS.
Wheat — . June. Scpt.-Dec.
Opening 22 75 20 80
Closing '22 70 20 00
Flour—
Opening '. 27 00 27 15
Closing 27 SO ' 27 £0
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 13£o under Quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 0c; Cow Hides.
Wig for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. &^ic; Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls. l*@13c; Dry
Kip. ll@13c: Dry Calf. 16@lSc; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 20®
30c each; short Wool. 40@60s each: medium,
€5Qr75c- long Wool. S0c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 60 for
medium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32VJe; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 32% c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; largs and
smooth. 5Oc; medium. 25c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%®6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2'/6@3iy5c
WOOL— Spring, Humboldt and Mendodno.
15317c; Northern free. 14@16c; do. defective,
13014c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do de
fective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, 9®10c:
do, 7 months. 9@llc: Foothill. ll@13c; Neva
da. 12@15c:- Valley Oregon fine, 13@16o; do.
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
HOPS — 12c - for fair and 130140 per Xb for
good to choice.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
AlchiJon '2,100 7'J*i ; 79% 70%
Atchison pfd 1.100 08>£ 9$U • yS»4
Baltimore & Ohio. 000 105% 105V4 1052
Balto & Ohio pfd ..... 94
Canadian Padnc.. 8,600 13«Vi 133& 130'A
Canada Southern 0414
Chf-sapeake & Ohio 100 45T4 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton .. 100 36?i l 36% 38Mi
Chi & Alton pfd.. 100 7G!£ 70$ 76^
Chi Ind-A I»u!s ...... C .'..'. *74%4
Chi Ind & L pfd 86
Chi & Great West. 100 27?i ' -27% V27%
Chi & G ' W A pfd " .... .... SS
CM & G W B pfd. 48>,i
Chicago & N V.' 250
Chi It I & P .... 171
CM Term & Tran 20%
Chicago T & Tpfd 100 37% 37?i S7&
C C C & St Louis , 103%
Colorado Southern SO
Colo So 1st pfd... - 60*4
Coio So 2d pfd ...... . .... 4114
Del & Hurtf.cn .... 172&
Del Lack & TV.... 267
l>nver & Ttio G.. 200 41%i 41?i 41U
Denver & Rio G pfd 300 • SW>H 90% ' 00
Erie 1,500 30% IWW, SCK,
Erie 1st pfd 100 P7% 67% C7K
Erie 2d pfd ...... f... Blil
Great Northern pfd 183
Kecking Valley-.. 200 1 « S2% 82*4
Hocking Val pfd.. ..... ' ¦ ¦..,. 01'^
Illinois Central .. 100 K>n% 150& 150^
Iowa Central . ..... .... ....' i^M
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
It has been a dull week in \ the stock '-, mar
ket, the volume of dealings for Tuesday run
ning down to the lowest total for any one
day in nearly two years! The general char-'
acter of the market was one of waiting but
there was evidence of liquidation by some'tired
holders and the professional element on the
Exchange were attentive to rumors of a for
mation of a formidable bear party with a cam
paign against prices in view. The great bear
leaders of past campaigns have been commit
ted to the protection of various Important
stocks for some time, and this has been an im
portant element In the sense of security in the
stability of tha market that has been felt
The anthracite coal strike has been a more or
less depressing influence and has served to dis
courage any attempt to advance prices in
other parts of the list. There were efforts
apparent by poo's in one- or. two cases to ad
vance prices after th e first of the week but
the lack of a market to realize on after prices
had been lifted discouraged these efforts and
the market fell into a state of profound neg
lect. There can be no question of the heavy
loss In earnings involved in the total shut
ting down of the anthracite mines and tho
withdrawal of the principal items of traffic
from tho coal roads. The calling out of the
engineers and pumpmen and the struggle on
the part of the mine-owners to keep their
pumps running and eave the mines from dam
age by flooding have added to the depressing
Influence of the strike on^yalues. The in
creased bitterness and hostility resulting from
the continuance of the struggle have addeJ
to the anxiety which it cau*03. The stocks of
the coaler* themselves have been well sup
ported and have not suffered acutely, but tha
effect is potent on the rnarkn at large. What
ever expectation was. indulged that the declar
ation of peace in South Africa would result in
stimulating the securities market was prompt
ly dissipated on Monday, when it was seen
that th« order of the day in London was the
taking of profits by American holders of Brit
ish consols. This operation would naturally
tend to replenish the supply of sterling ex
change Jn New Tork. The higher rate for
money *-hich resulted from last week's large
loan expansion by the banks was at the
seme time an influence deterrent to making
remittances to foreign markets. Despite this
the course of foreign exchange ha« been up
ward, due to demand from bunkers to cover
maturities on bills sold heretofore in the
course of borrowing in foreign markets. ~ The
foreign borrowings by Am'.r.can .capitalists
were known to be very heavy at this time,
and the effect of the maturing of-thee* loans
from time to time during the remainder of t!ie
year is the subject of much conjecture. Much
depends, of course, upon the volume of ex
ports of our maturing crops. The promise of
a plentiful corn crop and especially the flatter
ing report of the cotton crop prospect by the
Government Weather Bureau are received with
gratification on this account. Great Impor
tance Is attached to. the ultimate effect of the
Boer peace in awakening activity in business
and industry abroad. Aside from the labor
troubles and the future needs to be met by
the money market, financial conditions are now
almost without exception favorable to values
The undertone of firmness and confidence in
the stock market is In accordance.
There has been some liquidation of specula
tive bond Issues and an irregular tone In that
department of the market.
United States 2s registered. th<» 3s and new
4s declined '4 and the 2s coupon and old 4s
% per cent fro=i the closing call of last week.
NE^V YORK. June 7.— There was no cha.ng3
in the several repressive influences upon spec
ulation in stocks to-day "an.l r.he market was
practically idle in consequence. The policy
of the large interests in stocks seemed to be
defined as one of holding until the underlying
strength of the situation "merges from th«
present obscuring Influences. Mean-while the
rrcfcssional manipulators are unable to ven
ture on a campaign against values. To-day
some influence on sentiment was . exerted by
the strike of the -?oft coal miners in "West
Virginia, by the increasing difficulty of protect
ing the anthracite mines from flooding by
keeping the pumps going, by reports of abund
ant rains in the corn belt and by the failure
of the bank statement to show any recupera
tion in the percentage of reserve against de
posits. While these facts had the effect of ab
solutely killing any demand for the
seillng induced was of quite insignificant pro
portions and the light play between profes
sional room traders whose "attendance at the
board was reduced to a minimum was all that
made to-day's market. Hardly a leading stoct.
on the list varied more than a small frac
tion.
The decrease in loans by banks was insuffi
cient to offset the decline of over $1,000 000 in
cash reserves, leaving- . tho surplus slightly
lower than last week . . - ¦ : .-
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COTTOLENE — On» half -barrel, lOTJc; threa
half-barrels, 10%c; on© tierce, 10%c; two
tierces. lO&c; five tierces, 10%o per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c p«r lb for
heavy. 13%c for light medium. 14%o for light.
15^c for extra light and 16@l"c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%@l4c: Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl; extra Mesa. $10 50011: Family, $11 50®
12; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 60; extra clear.
$23; Mess. $1S 50@19: Dry Salt Pork. 12
Fig Pork. |25; Pigs* Feet. $1 73; Smoked Beef.
13%@14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@8%o per lt>
for compound and 12 %c for pure; half -barrels,
pure, 12%c;-10-lb tins. 13&c; 5-lb tins. 13&c;
3-lb tins. \ZViC
The market is quiet and not materially
changed. Some days ara fairly active, while
others are very dull. Values remain undis
turbed.
Provisions.
<"320th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 7. 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
"Notwithstaniiinc; prices on future apricots
for early thimnent show a low range there Is
little distiositicn among buyers to purchase in
this market. It is stated a few carloads have
been sold for export account and some busi
ness for Xct England shipment hac been
booked around 6* A c and 7c for choice Royals
in 25-lb boxes f. o. b. the coast, July and Au
cust ehiptaent. Reports of ccod crop pros
pects have had the effect of shutting off any
specclative buylns on the present basis, buy
ers regarding the 6«;c i. o. b. price as being
unsafe with the large crop expected.
Mail ad>ices from New York say: ""In
prunes there continues a fairly E:eady mar
ket, particularly on new Santa Claras, with
eizes iO-5Cs in 25-lb boxes in lisht stock. On
old fruit 70-SOs are in comDaratively small
corspass, with some inquiry noteJ for export
account. The principal demand is for export
account, although a fair jobbing business for
local trade Is reported, chiefiv in new fruit.
Coart advices report nothing offering there un
der the 3c four -size basis f. o. b. in bass. The
corning crop, it is expecteci, will show an out
turn larger than last season. Spot seeded raif-
Jns £.re in srood jobbing request, and in Borne
quarters there is coted a firmer tendency on
ccast sacked goods, with JSV«c and S»ic on
choice and fancy resoectlvely in 1-lb cartons.
Eastern seeded offer at Sc and S^4c lor choice
and lar.cy. Valencia, layer raisins are firm and
stocks cleaned us. A jobbing business is do
ing ia Malaga loose. For apricots a Tair in
terest exists. Futures are neglected, with
offerings down to «>2C f. o. b. the coast ia
bcxet-. choice Royals. Spot peaches are steady
on liincy arades; choice grades are in request
and firm. In dates the market is steady, some
Interest for Western ehipmer*t being reported.
>"igs are firm and scarce. We note a somewhat
stronger feeliiyr in aliened almonds, stocks of
Sicily ehelied being parctlcally out of flrst
hands. Cables from the other side reoort a
etronger feeling there. In Valencia* a moder
ate business is doing. Braril nuts are held
nrmJy. with ti^ic quoted for medium and 7c
for larce spot to arrive. Filberts are stronger
Jn sympathy with late cables from the other
•ide. Holders quote here fe^c to 8%c.
Dried Fruits in Xczu York.
liocal bank clearings durirg the past week
were $3,251,386, against $21,17O,S1S during the
same week last year.
Bank Clearings.
SALMON — Receipts of Salmon by sea in May
« r ere 61:68 ca^es and 344 pkgs. The exports
were 1U,CS3 cases a:»d S3 pkgs.
LUMBER — The receipts of Lumber at this
port by water in May were as follows: From
California. 18,527.000 feet and from Oregon and
Washington, 30,674,0C0, making th«? total re
ceipts 49,201,000 feet. The exports during the
month were 3.424.864 feet, of which 200.WVI
feet were chipped as dunnsge on the grain
fleet.
Lumber and Salmon Trade.
Quotations for ©va.pt crated appl^a . remained
about as last quoted, with the feeling steady.
Trade showed but little lmiirovement. ,
State, common to gcod, O«'JVic; prime, 10c;
choice. lOVitfJlOvic; fancy, lie. ¦
Active export interest continues In prunes and
a fair tone is noted. Jobbing movement quiet.
PRUNES — 3-5i«JfWc
AI'KICOTS— Steay. 'Boxes, 10@l4c; bags,
10"-ifjl2c. • •
PEACHES — Fair demand and steady. Peeled.
lCgltic; uni-ieeled, SV»S?10'.ic.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. June 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,000 barrels; exports. ll;500 barrels; steady;
Winter patents, $4@4 10; dp straights, $3 75$
3 SO: Minnesotas, .$:{ !iO@4-10: winter extras.
$3 1503:35; Minnesota bakers', $J 25@:; .'«.;
winter low grades, $2 0503 15.
WHEAT —^Receipts, 14dSC5 buthfils: export?.
204.75!» bushels. Spot, quiet; : No. 2 red. 1S%C
elevator: NO. 1 red, 7.s%S7il%c f.' o. h. anout;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, Sl>ic f. o. b. {.float; No.
1 hard Manitoba; 84%o f. o. b. afloat. A stron?
n>arket prevailed duritg the forenoon, affected
by covering, bullish cables and foreign influ
ence.. Closed easy an '*@V4c net advance.
Julj\ 78 5-16©7S%c. closed 7$%c; September.
7(jU,^77u, closed fGV&e: December closed 77%e.
HOPS — Steady. State, prime to choice, -litoi
crop. 1 9(3 22c j liiOO crop, I4@15c: old. 5#8c:
Pacific Coast. 1001 crop. 17'^c; 11<00 crop, 14'9 1
l. r «c; olds. 5(gSc. • • • • ' • v
HIDES — Quiet: Galveston, ISc; California,
10c: Texas dry, 13c.
WOOL— Steady. Domestic Besce, 25@2&c.
-COFFEE — Sixjt Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice.
r>'4c; mild, quiet and tteady: Cordova, S®!Hic.
Futures closed quiet 1 f.ntl unchanged. ¦ Total
sales. 13,750 bags, including: July. 4.90c; Sep
tember, 3.03©.". 10c; October. 5.15c; December,
r..2. r ii55.30c; January. i.-JOc; March, 5.55o; May.
D.C6C. . ¦
SUGAR— Haw, firm: fair refining, 2'rc;
centrifugal. DO test, fljjo'; molasses sugar.
2 7-luc: rvfisvd. firm: No. t>, 4.15c; No. 7. 4.05c:
No. 8, 3.:i0o; No. 0. .".S5c; No. 10. '3.80c: No. II,
::.75c: No. 12, 3.70c; N'o. 13. .S.SO<-; No. 14. :{.70c;
coiifoctioners' A. 4.55c; mold A, 5c: cut loaf,
ri.loc; cruslietJ. r«.t."ic: pouclered. 4.7. r >c; granu
lated. 4.C.V-; cubes, l.tiOo. .
LONDON. June 7.— Consols. 97%: silver,
23 15-16d; French rentes. 102f Sc. Wheat car-
Roes on passage, very inactive; English country
market*, fjulrt. . . .
HOPS — Pacific Coast, firm/ £4 10s#£5 5s.
' LIVERPOOL.',; June 7. — 'Wheat, 'firm; No 1
Standard California.' 6s 3^d@6s'-4*4d: wheat' in
Paris, firm: flour in Paris, firm; French country
market v firm: weother in England,' warm.
COTTON— Uplands. 5d. -.
Northern Wheat Market.
: ;. , , OREGON.
PORTLAND. June '7.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla. Co\~,<QWc; blue stfm, »56^.@'67c.
• ¦"-.;. • ' WASHINGTON. -
. TACOMA, June 7.— WHEAT— Quiet. BIu«
stem, 05 Vic; club. 64}ic
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND. June 7.— Clearings. ?373,GD0;
balances, *<4,ft5f>. ¦.
SEATTLE. June 7.— Clearings, ?5S3,749; bal
ance?, S85.769.
TACOMA. June 7.— Clearings, $216,270; bal
anre.«, $«o.$3i.
SPOKANK; June 7.— Clearings. ?257,772; bal
ances, ?t4.1S4. - -
Northern Business.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., June 6. — The. Earl
Fruit Company's sales of California fruit at
auction to-day .were as follows: Cherries-
Black Tartarians, boxes, $1 10 to $1 60, average
$1 '&i\'i'. ' One car sold to-day. Weather favov
able. : • • ¦
NEW YORK." June C— The Earl Fruit Com
pany .v. auctioned California t'rUlt to-day and
realized, the following prices: Cherries— Black
1 v. rtaiians. 5oc to $2 10, average $1 3o; Gover
ner Wood, 80c to $1. average We. One car sold
to-day. Favorable weather. ." .
PHILADELPHIA,. June e.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day at the following prices: Cherries — Tar
tarians, boxes. 40c to $1 00, average OSc; Gov
ernor Wood. SOc to $1, average £>3c. One car
soM to-day.
California Fruit Sales.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Junp 7.— The cotton market
opened steady with prices unchanged to three
points lower and closed steady and lower.
New York Grain and Produce.
Receipts of Coal in May.
The receipts at San Francisco by natet-dur
ing the month of May we-m 95.554 tons, the
sources being as follows: From British Colum
bia, 45,273 tons: Puget Scund. I0.S.2); Australia
18,474; Great Britain, 'J1»U; Japan, 9150; Ore
gon, 1990; Eastern States, 1CG7. The receipts
In H&y. 1001, were 119,204 tons.
GEORGE H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS. .
Chico— Hay good: crops good.
Cloverdale — Young grape vines growing fine
'ly: bitr crop of berries.
Holllfter — Grapes <loinff well, but injured
some by cold eprins.
Colusa — Fruit and grain conditions continue
moEt favorable.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
San Jose — Grain crop doing nicely; fruit crop
excellent, good quality.
Hanford — Grain crop being harvested: fruit
ripening very ranidly; apricots doing well.
Livermore — Hay of fine quality, a yield of
about three -quarters average crop. ~-
Napa — Peaches looking fine, pood crop looked
for.
Newman — Grain ripening fast.
Riverside— Oranges and lemons looking fine;
walnuts good.
Palermo— There will be a full crop of Bart
iett pears.
Ventura— Foggy mornings helping summer
Willows— Olives In full blossom.
Santa Maria — All grain slowly maturing
hefts doing- better; mustard li^ht: apricots fair
Portervnie — Haying about finished, crop large
and fine quality.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$2 50 per box, f 1 7f.@2 23 for No. 1 and 90c@
$1 50 for No. 2: Rhubarb, 50@75c per box;
extra fancy. S5c@$l ; Green Peas, 75c«y?l per
tack: Garden Peas. $1 2.1<?H 50 per sack; String
Beens. 2fg2>4c per lb and 21x3c for Wax;
Refugee Beans, :5c per lb: Cabbage. 00cS$t per
ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes. $2 50 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, per box; Dried Pep
pers, 10@ lie pt-r lb; Los Angeles do. 13@17%c;
Carrots^ $1 per pack; Cueumber3 from Marys
vil]e, |l@l UfHper box: from Arizona. $1 per
box: Hothouse do. 25@50c per dozen; Garlic.
2ift."-i ] /Ac for new; Los Angeles Green Peppers,
12Vi@13c; Mexican do. 15ig20c; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, 7>gl0e: Summer Squash. $IK1 25
lor small boxes and ?-t<'- 25 for large: Marrow
fa V Squash. $15(§20 per ton; Hubbard Squash.
$15(g20. " -
ONIONS — Australians $3 25«?3 50, second
bands; new red, 4CQ50c per sack; Silverskins,
35@50c per box.
POTATOLS— New Potatoes, $1@1 50 Jn
sacks: in boxes from the river. 90c@*l 25 for
the Early Rose and 65 for Burbanks
with some fancy higher; old. 9i)c@$l for Bur
bunks from the river: from Oregon and Wash
ington. ?1@1 25: River KtiJs, $1©1 25: Sweets,
f 2 CO for Merced.
A car of Tomatoes was received from Crys
tal Springs. Miss., and although mostly green,
sold readily at S2 25@2 50 per crate. There are
very few coining In from Los Angeles, and
Mexican are cleaned up. One box came in
from Vacaville, but was too green to be sold.
Fresh vegetable? were scarce in the morning,
owing to the Vacaville train being wrecked,
and stock carried over from the preceding day
and fresh receipts from o£S: localities clean
ed up at improved prices.
, Choice offerings of new Burbanks in boxes
met with a" steady inquiry at full figures and
some email lots of gilt-edged stock sold a 3
high as' 2c per lb. There, was a lot of poor
stock received, which -sold slowly, within the
quoted range. Receipts of Early Rose were
light and there was but little inquiry for of
ferings. Sacked stock from across the bay
sold slowly . and receipts are gradually dwin
dling. Old continued dull at easy prices. The
last car of old crop Sweets came in from Mer
ced and sold well at the quotation.
' Onions remain. as before quoted, supplies be
ing plentiful.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50(52 65: Yellow
Mustard. $3 25®3 60; Flax. $2 25@2 60; Cana
ry. 3V>c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah. 10%@
llVic; California. 10@10%c; Rape. l%@2Vic:
Hemp. 3%c per lb. .
DRIED PEAS— Nilea, $1 75©2; Green, $1 400
X 65; Biackeye. $1 75i@2.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 J>5@3 10: small White.
$2 35®2.45: large Wnite, $2 30®2 40; Pea, $3 25
®3 50; Pink. $2@2 20; Red. $2 50: Blackeye.
$4 !>0@r>: Limas, $3 (iO@3 70; Red Kidneys,
$3 50 per ctl. (
There Is nothing further to report in Beans,
the market rulirtg quiet.
Beans and Seeds.
Bran and Middlings continue firm, while Roll
ed Barley and Hay are weak. •
BRAN— $18 50fl9 50 per ion. ~
MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per ton.
! FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@2<5; job
bing $2<> 50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31032;- Cracked Corn. $31 50@32 50:
Mixed Feed. $t6@17: Cottonseed Meal, *26 50.
•HAY — New is selling as follows:- Wheat.
$S@9: Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@S; Old Is quota
ble as follows:-
Extra fine "Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $0 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat. $9®11 50;
Oat. $8@10 50: Alfalfa, $7@11; Clover. $7@0;
Volunteer. $6 5038 50: Stock. $6@S per ton.
STRAW— 40@(j5c per bale.
WASHINGTON. June ".—To-day's statement
of the treasury balances s»hov\ ; 6: : Available cash
b3lanceS,$100,Cl.'7,.«S4; gold,' $1)5.183,536. . '
Condition of- the. Treasury
NEW YORK, June 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram ' says:
Stocks were active and cheerful to-day. Tlie
stream of liquidation se?nis to have run Uh
courre and' t^e new- account is expected . to
prove brisk. .The settlement In mining: shares
shows nifjcly. normal" Fi'icculatlbn. with only
one or t*o ' unwieldy spot?. Consols, sold at
97%. Ameclean su-cks were firm. . Gold ,. to
the amount of £.V).< 0(1 in bars has been bought.
Cape Colony offers a £3,000,000 3' per *ent
loan at 00. j ¦ . :¦., ' . : .
London- Market.
banks of .$r.,100.0CO. one of these having an
increase of ?4,COt\000 and. another of $1,800, Oou.
Royals. July delivery. There ara also report*
of-5%@5^io for Peaches, August delivery.
Pears are expected to be scarce and high, but
no figures^have yet been named. Prunes are
cleaning up right along and stocks will prob
ably be exhausted by the lJt of July. They
ar<* in demand at New Ycrk for European ex
port, as unseasonable and backward weather
in. Europe has done more or less Injury to the*
fruit crops, and Continental dealers are look
ins for an Increased demand for dried fruits
this year In consequence. The New York
market for Prunes has lately moved up a frac
tion. ; Apples are also firm throughout tha
East, as the fruit outlook ia less favorable In
the Eastern and Western States, and Peaches
are dropping: extensively In the- Middle and
South Atlantic States.
FRUITS— Apricots. 9@10c for Royala and 10
@13c for standard to fs^icy Moorparka: Evapo
rated Apples, 10?Sll%c; sun dried. 6®7o;
Peaches. 6%@8Uc: Pears. 6@9c;- Plums, pitted
&@6V£c; unpltted. !%@2%c; Nectarines, SH6O0
for red and 5%@6C for white; figs. 3%@4,}4o
for black and 5^@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows*
20-40s. 6«4@6»ic: 40-ftOs. 5@5%c; 6<V60a, 4U<a
4%c; 6O-7Os. 4@4Uc: 70-80s. 3^@3%c; 80-Ms.
3@3Vic; 00-lCOs. 2V : @2»ic per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. Sc; 2-crown '
7%c; Loose Muscatels,' 5%e for 4-crown and
HVlc for seedless: 3-crown. 6c; 2-crown. 5?io-
London Layers. $1 60 per box.
NUTS— "Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll©ll%c:
No 2 6@7c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No. 2
7c;* Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 0@10o
for softshell and «j(S>Tc for hardshell; Peanuts,
6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%o- Fil
berts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoaants.
$3 50©5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9©llo
for light amber; water white extracted. fi<3
5%c; light amber extracted. 4@l^c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
. NEW .YORK, June 7.— To-day's metal mar
kets ;were quiet, but in . the main steady at
unchanged prices. Tin was quoted at $29 90®
30 25 for. tpbt. Copper stood as follows;
Standard spot to August 11. ti5@ll.S5c, lak£
12.25<g'12.52Vie, electrolytic 12. 12>4@12. 25c and
casting, at 12@12.25c. Lead was" steady at
$4 12}J. Spelter, nominal at $4 87Vs. Iron
was quiet, but steady, at unchanged prices.
Nezu York Metal Market.
. NEW YORK. June 7.— Exports of specie
from this port to all countries for last week
aggregated, $475,070 in silver and $14,000 gold.
The imports of specie last week were $9986 gold
and $1577 fcllytr. The exports of merchandise
and dry goods at the port of .New York fir last
week were valued at ??,62S,403.
Exports and Imports.
. HOGS— Receipts, 500U! 5@10c higher. Light
and light mixed." $ti OOQ-7 30; medium and
heavy. ¦ $7 25@7 45; pigs, $4 10@6 25. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; steady.
ceipts,; 60; .steady. Natives, $5 30@7 50; cows
and heifers, $2 5095 50.
Usual weekly gain in local bank" clearings.
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
Silver lower again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley about as before quoted.
Oats continue zceak, Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Hay and Rolled Barley zucak. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds inactive at previous prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in sufficient supply.
Some contract sales of itew dried Peaches and Apricots reported.
Good demand for Dried Fruits in Continental Europe.
Provisions quiet and without feature.
Live and dressed Meats as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Onions continue in good supply.
A car of Tomatoes in from Mississippi. "
Vacaville Vegetable train wrecked.
Poultry and Game cleaned up and steady, i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The Financier says: The official statement
of the New York associated banks lor last
week showed a decrease of in cash,
instead of an increase of $36B,000. aa was
Estimated on the basis of the traceable move
ment of money during the week. The loans
were decreased $1,&&,000. This change waa
expected as the result of the light business
on the exchange, during the week and bo
cause 'of the subeence of important syndicate
operations - and the dlntributlon ofx Givldends
early In the week, these payments causing the
liquidation of loans in which the dividend
money had been temporarily employed. The
deposits showed a decrease of 52,4«'9,UOO which
amount .very closely agreed with the total
with the decrease of loans and of ca*h Th
required reserve was reduced $CO7,470 which
sum. deducted -from the I loss of cash leaves
$043,425 as the decrease in -surplus reserve
this item now standing at Jll.285,575 aeainsf
$13,341,500 at the corresponding date '¦ a year
ago. The average daily clearings of the bank*
last week was $207,000,000. against S203 OOo
000 in the Previous week, indicating but a
slight increase in the volume Of business at
this center. If thli^usiness ' shall - continue
small, as seems llkely^to be the case in the
near future.' the surplus of the banks though
comparatively low. will doubtless be amnle
for all requirements. Comparisons of change
of loans by the principal downtown banks of
the week show a net loss of $3,800,000 and
the only notable losses* were by two institu
tions, one ' of which : indicated a decrease of
?1, 700,000 and the other 'of $l,S00, 000. \ The
changes in specie ' showed a net, gain, by six
Surplus, $11,285,575; decrease, $£43,425*
NEW YORK. June 7.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows :
.Loar.3. $SSl,2G0,000 : decrease, $1,323,700.
Deposits. $SMr>.,Sy 0.500; decrease, $2,423,000.
Circulation. $31,468,400; Increase, $221,100.
Legal tenders. $75,544,100; decrease, $020,000
filiecle. $I72.'J15.000; decrease. $321,000.
Reserve', §247,75t),7U0; decrease, $l,25o!oOO
Reserve required, $^30,474,125; decrease
?6O7,-175.
Associated Banks' Statement.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Iowa Cent pfd.'... S2
Lake Erie & West ....." ..'..'. . 61
I^ake Erie & W pfj •'..'... ; ;•.: .... 125
Louisville & Nash. SfiO i:|7Vi 137. !."«%
Manhattan. L ..... :,oo i«<i% W0% l:50ii
Metropolitan St Ry J00 14S% 14S'i 14$$
Mexican Central .. .' .... 20 Ms
Mexican National.. ]00 lS-i lS'i 18%
Minn & st Louis ;. :... no
Missouri Pacific .. 400 !>!)« ODSi 9:1 1;.
Missouri K '& TVx. 200 2C% 'JC% 20i,i
Mo K A- Texas pfij. 500 5C»A • 5ti»i 56VL
New Jersey Cent " isi
New York Central (500 154«i 154 154
Norfolk & Western WO 50'.'. 55ii £5V,
i Norfolk & IVc.et Ki! : V." SO
Ontario & Western. ,v>i{.
Pennsylvania XOO 14f»U 149" 140
R« adir.R 3 7 co ,••> ia ,- 2 VI ' <S VI
Reading- 1st jifd.. . 2C>; fi" 77 * 82Ti« *s29x
Reading 2d pfd .. * «00 bs« OSU OS
St Louis & S F-. . :}0O (k-'Ts US'-i W4
St L & S F 1st pfd .... R4
st l & s f 2j pfd ......;;;; ;¦¦ 72
St Louis S \V..:. 100 UT'i 27*3 27
St Louis S W pf<L 800 «0 5!>*i 5»*i
St ffaul 1.000 • H>Si-S HiS 108's
St Paul pfd s .../' .... is"' 8
Southern Pacific... 1,M!0 -:iXk «3% d'4-
Southern Railway: ::oo rtriUj .-(esj. ;?6%
Southern Ry pfd.. 100 O4»i ftl'i - 04 U
Texas & Tacinc. .. 2 4 i)'*
Tol St L & West 203'.
Tol St L & W pfd •'.... .. . ,-W8i
Union Pacific 2,S0u 104 vi l0i% lu4-» 8
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 S7>« 87 V. .¦jTU
Wabash pfd 4°;t
Wheel & Lake E " " ' 21 *
W & L E 2n.l pfd • I ' ." ;j4
Wisconsin Cent sou 2i5*4 26?i -Hi^fc
Wircon Cint pfd . . 200 43 47"-4 47<
Kxprcss Companies —
Adams'. '. 107
American » 222
United States jij
Wells Fargo I >M0
Mincellan»ops —
Amalg Copper 4.U00 <3$s£ figt^ csji
Amer Car & Kour.d 400 31 C 31 31
Arr.er C &. F pfd 80}i,
Amer Linseed Oil .... .... 25
Am Lins'd Oil pfd .....' 50 Y-
Amer S & Itef.... . 300. 4S% ! 48% 48>>i
Am S & Ref pfd... ...! OS
Anaconda M C.'o .. 200 IH^i 113% 114
Brock R Tran ... 400 WTj 6(5^4 vIC-Ji
Col Fuel & Iron... 400 90 \ OS 'A OS 1 /.
Con G«i3 . . . : 4Wi 220% 21U% 210 ' j
Cont Tob pfd 300 124 'i • 124 1231^
Gen Electric ..^.. 2(M) ST)' r 320 315'
Hocking Coal . . .v .... 17U
Jnternatl Paper .: -O\j
'Int Peyer pfd i.' . . .- 7."i
Laclede Gas gs
National Biscuit .. UK) 4S 1 ; 4SIJ, 17' a '
National Lead .... 100 21 U 2U-i 22 :
North American .". .... 120
Pacific Coast iio
Pacific Mall sSOva
People's Gas .' 101
Pressed Steel Car.. 700 47 4»5»> 4i;\a
P Stetl-Car pfd .. 200 8«'-i SB'i S3 'a
Pullman Pal Car ¦ . . .'. 2-">2
Republic Stoel . . . . 100 17% 17^-i 17J.J
Republic Steel pfi. 4iXl 74 7-4 74 "
Sugar 200 127 127 120 U
Temi Coal i Iron .. 300 02 '^ GZ\i 62 V4
Union B &. P Co .... ...; 15
U D & P Co pfd.. .' • ST-i
V S Leather f!00 13 12?£ lrj'
U S Leather pfd .. 2-TO &> S5 V t
U H Rubber i. ; 1 *4i '
US Ruhbsr jifd . 5S-*
U S Steel S.2(V1 '40 SOU 30%
U S Steel pfd 2,600 t&\i 8S% fSTs
Western Union 90 Vi
Amer Loco SoO S2% . 32% 32^$
Amer Ix>co pfd ... <300 92 ',i 32 i<2'
K C Southern :',2
K C Southern pfd Co
Total sales . ... ; . . .56.100 share?. ¦•
NEW YORK* BONDS.
V S ref 2s. reg. . .lOSU, L & N unified 4s. .lOTi;
Do Ts. coupon.. 10S a j ; Mex Central 4g... 82-%
Do 3s. res 107%) Do 1st inc 37U
Do 3a, coupon.. 107 >¦> Minn & St L 45... 105
Do new 4a, rep.lSS !M. K & Tex 4s.. PO^
Do new 4s. couplSt! J Do 2Us R'ju>
D old 4s. reg... lOSHi !N Y Central lsts.lO4 : )i
Do old 4p. coup.llO^a N Y C gen 3Vs..lOS
Do 5s, reg lC5>-ijN J <? nen CsT...i:is%
Do 5s. coupon.. 105 ViKor Pac 43 .. 111,",;.
Atch gen 4s 103%! I'o .".s .... 73^?
Do adj 4s 04 N'or ?i Wcon 43.1Cl-'5i
Bal & Ohio 4s...lO2 1 ,i>Read Gen 4s .. .1(IS>1
Do 3V,s IWK s; L & III con 5s. 110
Do conv 4i ...107 [lit I,&SF 4s... 100
Can So 2ds •". 100 8t IxiuIk S;> Ists. 09'i
Central of Ga 5s.. lOSVii Do 2ds S"'
Do 1st inc ...... 82 > '3 0 A & A Pass 4s. 00V-
Ches & Ohio 4V4s.lOS ilo Pacifis 4t». .. 9->r{
<;hi & Alton 3Vis. 85U'l'.o Railway. Ss. . ..12:{',i
C. B & Q new4s. 06%; Vex & Pac 1sts..l]!>U,
C. M & StP grn4s.H5Vi •'. St L A W 4s.. 825
Chi & N con 7s.. .140 .Union i»aclfic 4s.^lO«
C. R I &>f>ac 4S.112V4 IV, ennv 4s... ..1071',
C.C.C & StLgn 4b.102Vj U'abash lsts ...'..119'.
Chi Term 4a.. :. . !K> . Do 2ds . . . in *
Colo & So 4s 05 I Do deb B " 74
Den & Rio G 4s. .104 Vi | West Sh"r» .'*'"¦>• •'
Erie prior lien 4s.l00U "V & l l^rie 4s . 65
Erie Ganeral 4s.. 87% Central 4» . •:.
T, V V /^ 1 ?'?,, lst8 " 1 } ;| Con Tobacco 4s... ii" '"
Hock Val 4Vis UOVi
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20iLittle Chief 10
Alice 4ft()ntario ... "" 705
Breece .50!Ophir '" 1 T'i
Brunswick Con... WlPhoenix n<l
Comstock Tunnel. OO^ijT'otosi ""
Con Cal & Va... X 25 'texagc .. n;»
Dead wood Terra.. 1 OO'rierra Nevada in
Horn Silver 1 23 Pmall Hopes . • x\
Iron Silver 72jstandard 3 21
Leadville Con -. 05|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ! Do prefd . . ssri
Call loans 3W4]& Wetting Com 'lOS
Time loans 4 (§5 Mining— "' '
Bonds — Adventure 2'? t -i
Atchison 4s 102Vi Allouez .:. 3 .
?, as * »4% Amal Copper".'." f!SV4
Mex Cent 4s 81 Bingham 3!%
N E Gr.s & Coke. 54',& jfalumet & Hecla.570'
Railroads— iCentennial 10
Atchison J!"-''. iUopper Range.... 6SU
Do prefd PSWiDom Coal 139
Boston & Albany.259& Franklin . 11
Boston & Maine. 200 Isle Royale """ 1"
N Y. N H & H..233 Mohawk ...""' It^
Kitchburg nrefd..I4:<'!'4 Old Dominion . .'. 20
Union Pacific 104Vi Osceola . fi->
Mex Central 2G',4 | Parrot "" 2g
Miscellaneous — iQulncy 130
Amer Sugar .....127 f-anta Fe Copper. 1%
Bo iirefd 118 Iramarack . . . .?: 17.V
Amer Tel & Tel.17 >i.i Trinity 12U
Horn Iron & S.... 33 United States 20U
Gen Electric 320 Utah
Mass Electric ... 44 Victoria ' ~4y
Do prefd ar.vi Winona ".'. 3U
N-K Gas ft Coke. 4 Wolverine 65
United Fruit ....10S%< Daly W.est 45
U S Steel 30%
"LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons fcr money.. 07 JN Y Ceiitril ' 15s "
Cons for acct...»7 3-WjN'or & Western I!! riSU
Anaconda 5-y, Do prefd .. y>
Atchison X2% >Ont & Western " ".Hvi
Do prefd 101 'Pennsylvania 70U
Bal & Ohio ....IDS iReadlns .... T>
I Can PacMe 13»»4| Do 1st prefd!!! 42%
Chas & Ohio .... 471.4I Do 2dpref(!::: ,*|4
Chi G Western... 2<$Vi!So Railway .. 37r,;
C. M & St Paul.. 172m- Do prefd ofist
Den & R Grande. 42H:So Pacific .. "' KKtl
Do pr*f«i Po j Union Pacific .'.'.'lO7W
Erie Si% ¦ Do prefd .... fw
l>o 1st prefd . . . C9*', ! U K Steel . . . 4O5i
Do 2d prefd.... MHj Do prefd ....!! noiv
Illinois Central. . . 154 Wabash .... 071*
Louis & Nash ...t.'.OVj Do riref.i . "" 411*
Mo. Kan* &'Tex. 27 EpanJsh 4s ... ' fto
Do prefd 00
Bar silver, steady. 2'i U-lCd per ounce
-. Money. 2^2 ! ,-3 per cent. \
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bill* is 2 11-10 per cent and for thre4
months' bills 2 11-1U per cent.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
THE SAX FRANCISCO SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
STOCKS OF GRA:IN;;;IN THE STATE.
35
Following. Is the regular^Produce Exchange statement of the supply of Flour and Grain remaining In the Stat» of Call:
Jvn» 1,1002: ¦ . : ~: ¦ . .'.-¦- .'•' .' -¦..;.•¦ , '
'omia on
Flour.
Bbls.
"Wheat.
.CUs.
I!
Barley.
Ctls.
I Oats.
CtlS.
I Beans. I Corn.
Sacks. Ctls.
Rye.
Ctls.
COUNTIES.
San Francisco warehouses and mills, including grain and flour afloat in
harbor | and in transit :.............;"... V.
Sonoma, SoIano.'.Yolo, Colusa and Glenn Counties ,..-
Sacramento. Tuba, Suttcr, Butte, Placer arid Tehama counties .........
Contra Costa anif> AlameUa counties... .........."........
San Joa-iutn. . Stanislaus, Jlerced, Fresno, Modera, Tulare, Kings and
Kern counties — .'. ....'.—...: .........
Kan Mateo. 'Santa Clara, San Benlto, Santa Cruz, Monterey and San
lMli*pbl$pd countie.1 ".......;..; ..¦...;;;.'.....
Santa Birlidin, Ventura. Los Angeles, Qrange, San Bernardino, Riv-
ixrsidfc anu San Diego counties . . r. '. . . .-. . . . .*. .
16,371 114.020 1S5.S60 71.020 134.676 28,520
25,970 163.520 34,120 3,600 3,000
17.350 246.720 41,200 ....... '250 3,000
.1.400. -,.581,240 70,320 1,800
' 82.C67 733,220 37,560 4,400 10,582 6.020
; 22,837 .212,760 j 1O4.5SO 31.300 31.361 1.000
, l'>,578. 421.200 ; 103,040 200 133.S77 8.440
177,173 2,505, 7S0 | 56t,080 112.320 312.740 48,980
24,400
25.7W
3,640
Totals. ......... w...'.. ". .'....
63.800
COMPARATIVE
STATEMENT.
DATE.
Flour. I
Bbls.
Wheat.
Ctls.
i:
: Bartey.
; Ctls.
I Oats.
I Ctla. -
_i __:
IBeana. I Corn.
Sacks- I CUs.
Bye.
Ctls.
1001 1
June I .;.....::......:... ".-'. . . . . . . . . . .
3900 — December- 1 .\ ......."...
Juno 1 ;.
1800 — December 1 .;.
June I'..:.' ¦...:....... ....... .!.'... .
140,707 12.023.K8p 4,407,300 304,520 476,874
174.777 3.746.S20 746,220 43.580 118,000 13,820
144.108 12, 401, 9S0 3,893.840 200.280 243,034
93,000 8,367,64ft 2.10S.520 147,980 114.0SS 28.7S0
112.13« 15,098.280 4,778,880 235.700 268.117
70.D06 3.394,160 232,420 23,460 308,973 25,560
168,480
SO. 260
151,040
54.240
54,140
10.560
till
= 3=3
STATIONS. 1'S 1 1
? »
c «:
5 3
: is
¦ 1
3
s-
o IT o £
• n < ft
Cfclco . .'. 96 F/)
Clcverdale £8 47
.00
Clear
Clear
S .;
Coluu SS 57
Eureka 5*5 P2
Fresno SO 's
Hartford WS ."4
.fw)
.00
.00
-f>0
Clear"
Clear
Clear
C!«ar
N ; ' io
Kff . .
HoUIeter 85 4*
Independent* ... 0!) W)
Llvenaore 82 48
Js>b Anselea ... 78 50
78 46
Newman 94 63
Palermo 9* C2
rortcn'III* 87 00
R*d Bluff 84 60
RivereWe ....... ST 47
Pacramento .... 88 54
Fan Pieiro 64 6*f
Kan FYandaco. . 58 4«
Ean Jose SO 43
Kan I/ule Obispo S3 44
Fanta Maria ..7ft <« .
Kanta Rcea .... 77 "44 •
Ventura. 72 49
TVlllowi 91 54
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00 ¦
.00
.00
.00
•.00
.00
.00
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
dear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
SE
8
s" '.'.
s" '.'.
BW f,
W 22
w" I!
STATIONS.
1 || ||
¦ hijii
; c c
• <» <i
2g w - o 2.
Astoria
Baker
Carson •. .
Kureka
Fresno . .
Tl&gnaX ..
Pocatello, Ida.
Independence. .
X«os Angeles.. .
Phoenix
Portland, r
Ke<5 Bluff
K.oseburg
.29. SI 7S 44
.2».7S SS 4fl
..28.HG 56 S2
.23.72 s«6 £8
.23.76 S2 K«
..29.U2 80 4B
.2SH.7»J »0 00
.25*.7<J 7« 50
..2ft.«2 302 6S
.23.62 S« 02
.23.74 04 60
..23. S2 SG 4S
NW Clear 0.00
SE Pt Cldy 0.0<i
W Clear . 0.00
N Clear 0.C0
XW Clear .0.00
6\V Cloudy 0.00
SW Clear O.eW
?E Clear 0.00
W Clear *0.00
N"W Clear 0.00
XW Clear 0.<"i
BE Clear 0.00
K\V Clear 0.00
Sacramento.. .
Ealt L^Use
i-azi Francieso.
E. L. Gbiepo..
£ as. Diego .
Seattle
Spokane
Nes.ii Bay
-Walla "tt alia. .
"Winaenracca.. .
Yuraa . . . .
.1-9. 7S «$ 54
.29-S<J 82 M
).29.lsS 58 47
..2J.S2 S2 44
..2S.S0 64 r.S
.29.90 76 48
..30.00 76 42
..29.90 €2 46
.•Jj.'.<< S4 4S
.23.60 S« 50
..£9.68 06 64
S Clear O.fKi
NW Clear 0.00
\V Clear O.OO
X Clear O.OO
ST7 Clear 0.00
X Clear 0.00
SE Clear 0.00
yrvv cloudy o.oo
X Clear 0.00
XTV Clear 0.00
"W Clear 0.00
till
= 3=3
STATIONS. 1'S 1 1
? »
c «:
5 3
: is
¦ 1
3
s-
o IT o £
• n < ft
Cfclco . .'. 96 F/)
Clcverdale £8 47
.00
Clear
Clear
S .;
Coluu SS 57
Eureka 5*5 P2
Fresno SO 's
Hartford WS ."4
.fw)
.00
.00
-f>0
Clear"
Clear
Clear
C!«ar
N ; ' io
Kff . .
HoUIeter 85 4*
Independent* ... 0!) W)
Llvenaore 82 48
Js>b Anselea ... 78 50
78 46
Newman 94 63
Palermo 9* C2
rortcn'III* 87 00
R*d Bluff 84 60
RivereWe ....... ST 47
Pacramento .... 88 54
Fan Pieiro 64 6*f
Kan FYandaco. . 58 4«
Ean Jose SO 43
Kan I/ule Obispo S3 44
Fanta Maria ..7ft <« .
Kanta Rcea .... 77 "44 •
Ventura. 72 49
TVlllowi 91 54
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00 ¦
.00
.00
.00
•.00
.00
.00
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
dear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
SE
8
s" '.'.
s" '.'.
BW f,
W 22
w" I!
STATIONS.
1 || ||
¦ hijii
; c c
• <» <i
2g w - o 2.
Astoria
Baker
Carson •. .
Kureka
Fresno . .
Tl&gnaX ..
Pocatello, Ida.
Independence. .
X«os Angeles.. .
Phoenix
Portland, r
Ke<5 Bluff
K.oseburg
.29. SI 7S 44
.2».7S SS 4fl
..28.HG 56 S2
.23.72 s«6 £8
.23.76 S2 K«
..29.U2 80 4B
.2SH.7»J »0 00
.25*.7<J 7« 50
..2ft.«2 302 6S
.23.62 S« 02
.23.74 04 60
..23. S2 SG 4S
NW Clear 0.00
SE Pt Cldy 0.0<i
W Clear . 0.00
N Clear 0.C0
XW Clear .0.00
6\V Cloudy 0.00
SW Clear O.eW
?E Clear 0.00
W Clear *0.00
N"W Clear 0.00
XW Clear 0.<"i
BE Clear 0.00
K\V Clear 0.00
Sacramento.. .
Ealt L^Use
i-azi Francieso.
E. L. Gbiepo..
£ as. Diego .
Seattle
Spokane
Nes.ii Bay
-Walla "tt alia. .
"Winaenracca.. .
Yuraa . . . .
.1-9. 7S «$ 54
.29-S<J 82 M
).29.lsS 58 47
..2J.S2 S2 44
..2S.S0 64 r.S
.29.90 76 48
..30.00 76 42
..29.90 €2 46
.•Jj.'.<< S4 4S
.23.60 S« 50
..£9.68 06 64
S Clear O.fKi
NW Clear 0.00
\V Clear O.OO
X Clear O.OO
ST7 Clear 0.00
X Clear 0.00
SE Clear 0.00
yrvv cloudy o.oo
X Clear 0.00
XTV Clear 0.00
"W Clear 0.00
Following. Is the regular^Produce Exchange statement of the supply of Flour and Grain remaining In the Stat» of Call:
Jvn» 1,1002: ¦ . : ~: ¦ . .'.-¦- .'•' .' -¦..;.•¦ , '
'omia on
Flour.
Bbls.
"Wheat.
.CUs.
I!
Barley.
Ctls.
I Oats.
CtlS.
I Beans. I Corn.
Sacks. Ctls.
Rye.
Ctls.
COUNTIES.
San Francisco warehouses and mills, including grain and flour afloat in
harbor | and in transit :.............;"... V.
Sonoma, SoIano.'.Yolo, Colusa and Glenn Counties ,..-
Sacramento. Tuba, Suttcr, Butte, Placer arid Tehama counties .........
Contra Costa anif> AlameUa counties... .........."........
San Joa-iutn. . Stanislaus, Jlerced, Fresno, Modera, Tulare, Kings and
Kern counties — .'. ....'.—...: .........
Kan Mateo. 'Santa Clara, San Benlto, Santa Cruz, Monterey and San
lMli*pbl$pd countie.1 ".......;..; ..¦...;;;.'.....
Santa Birlidin, Ventura. Los Angeles, Qrange, San Bernardino, Riv-
ixrsidfc anu San Diego counties . . r. '. . . .-. . . . .*. .
16,371 114.020 1S5.S60 71.020 134.676 28,520
25,970 163.520 34,120 3,600 3,000
17.350 246.720 41,200 ....... '250 3,000
.1.400. -,.581,240 70,320 1,800
' 82.C67 733,220 37,560 4,400 10,582 6.020
; 22,837 .212,760 j 1O4.5SO 31.300 31.361 1.000
, l'>,578. 421.200 ; 103,040 200 133.S77 8.440
177,173 2,505, 7S0 | 56t,080 112.320 312.740 48,980
24,400
25.7W
3,640
Totals. ......... w...'.. ". .'....
63.800
COMPARATIVE
STATEMENT.
DATE.
Flour. I
Bbls.
Wheat.
Ctls.
i:
: Bartey.
; Ctls.
I Oats.
I Ctla. -
_i __:
IBeana. I Corn.
Sacks- I CUs.
Bye.
Ctls.
1001 1
June I .;.....::......:... ".-'. . . . . . . . . . .
3900 — December- 1 .\ ......."...
Juno 1 ;.
1800 — December 1 .;.
June I'..:.' ¦...:....... ....... .!.'... .
140,707 12.023.K8p 4,407,300 304,520 476,874
174.777 3.746.S20 746,220 43.580 118,000 13,820
144.108 12, 401, 9S0 3,893.840 200.280 243,034
93,000 8,367,64ft 2.10S.520 147,980 114.0SS 28.7S0
112.13« 15,098.280 4,778,880 235.700 268.117
70.D06 3.394,160 232,420 23,460 308,973 25,560
168,480
SO. 260
151,040
54.240
54,140
10.560
- Good Judgment |
I Wins. |
Clear-headed men (and wom«n> an |
quick to appreciate the quality of ij
shares In Tacoina Company Steel Cor- I!
poration. and buy because of the secur- E-1
* tty offered in grtat resources and hon- m
I est, competent management. Alaslca ||
¦ Central Railway 5 per cent preferred H
¦- shares are also a "good buy" for the Ij
same reasons. Both these big. legitl- ij
: « mate corporations are coming to th-s I
front. Prospectus will help appr-cia- jj
tion cf them. tl
Tlie AiBrican Guaranty eiTmt Co., 1
Hayward Mdjr.. cor. Calliornli aad I
Montgomery sta. m
AUCTION SALES
-fe fe» 5^&
WAIT FOR THE GRAND DISPERSAti
SALB OP TROTTTNG-BREI> BROODMARES.
COI/TS AND FILLIES FROM HON. J, D.
CARR'S RANCH. SAUNAS.
THUBSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902, At
FRED H. CHASE A CO.'S.
1732 Market st*.. S* ».
Full particulars later.
£* - fe
If you need a camp, express or peddling
wagon, cart, baggies, surrles, harness or any
kind of a horse, from $1 up, be at 1140 Folsom
St., TUESDAY. June 10. 11 a* m., ?M b*
made happy.
STEWART'S BORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND. GENTLE HORSES j
also good second-hand rigs: 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST. ' *THE SAIST ERANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JUJsTE 8, 1902.
36
PCSIXBSS CnA*yC-3S-— Coatlitncd.
JOSEPH STRAUB, . . 850 MARKET ST.
Saloon, with 16 furnished rooms upstairs;
working man's house; cheap rent; 5 yr. lease;
fine opportunity. • • • Bakery, baking
.about 7 bbls dally; 3 wagons and 0 horses;
good store trade; will sell cheap or take
partner. • • * Butcher shop in the Mis-
sion; large trade; fine wagon. and horse; ice
and smoke houses; will sell cheap on account
of departure. ¦ • • • Branch bakery on Va-
lencia Bt.; ttne location; 5 living rooms; rent
$25. _• • • Coffee saloon and lunch parlor
in business part of city; no night or Sunday
work. • • • Cigar stand; good location,
opposite theater; fine fixtures; cheap . rent;
lease. ? *' •¦ Grocery and bar on a good
corner; fine fresh stock; good business; living
¦ rooms; cheap rent. ¦ • • • Stationery, no-
tion and cigar store on Market st. ; a very,
fine place for either a man or woman. • •
* Country peddling outfit complete; lull par-
ticulars of route will be given by owner; any
one with a small stock can clear over $200 a
menth. . * • * Restaurant, near Mission
st; fine place; owner wishes to go north;
rent only $ 15. • ¦¦• • Saloon on Kearny st;
good day and night trade; rent $80; lease.
• • ¦ • Grocery and bar; corner on Geary
St.: 4 living rooms; rent $20; .4 year lease;
good trade.. • • • For particulars call on
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
$350 — PARTNER wanted in Market-st. saloon;
clearing $150 a month. BROWN. 1221 Mar-
ket Et. V .
$175 — CIGAR store; clearing $75 month; living
room furnished. BROWN & CO., 1221 Mar-
ket et. . ' ,.- ¦¦:¦¦¦'
$450— RESTAURANT on Market st; clearing
$100 month; sickness. BROWN & CO., 1221
Market st.
ESTABLISHED 1S90. INCORPORATED 1901.
Handsome dividends paid weekly; safe, sure,
legitimate. Send tor sworn affidavit and in-
teresting literature. CO-OPERATIVE INVEST.
MENT ASS'N (Inc.), 557 Parrott building. San
Francisco.
ARE you seeking a profitable investment for
your Idle money? If so, write for particulars
of our safe and sure plan; best local and
State references given. AU FETZER & CO.,
«A Eddy _t.. S. F.. Cal.; estab. 1893. Tel 20.
$2000 — HEALTH resort boarding-house In hills.
Placer Co.; 22 acres; timber, house and tent_
frnshd.; spring, well; 100 bearing fruit trees;
stables, 2 horses, wagon, cow, calf: 357| Call
$350— RESTAURANT; rent $30; sales $25 per
day guaranteed; this Is a snap. THE
CO ST. 7S3M; Market st.
FOR sale — $76; bakery, confectionery and laun-
dry office, near a large school; 2 living rooms;.
rent $14. Call at 805% Filbert st.
$700— FURNISHED 10-room house; rent almost
nothing; don't miss this chance. THE
COAST, 783*4 Market st.
OL'R "Compound System" shows net profit of
$73 :;'_ on each $10(1 invested past 30 days;
• explanation free. N. S. HAND, .expert han-
dlcapper, 804 Park Row bldg.. New York.
$250— OLD-ESTABLISHED real estate office.
Full particulars at THE COAST. 783V. Mar-
ket st.
FOR SALE — 2500 paying shares In manufac-
turing corporation; whole or part; party
needs money. 905 East xt. ; ask for C.
DEMETICK. ,
PLUMBING — Jobbing store trade; Berkeley:
best location; established 5 years: stock;
tools; good will; snap; going away. Box 330,
Call.
DUTCHER shop at your price on easy terms;
fine fixtures; horse and cart; good cash trade.
Business Board Trade. 320 Pine st.
TEA. coffee and crockery store with large
route; In splendid location; with 4 living
rooms. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED to rent on a term of years, medium
size greenhouse establishments; state terms.
Box 356, Call office.
*175— RESTAURANT; rent $20; must be sold
at once. THE COAST, 783i_ Market st.
$275 — CANDY and Ice cream store In Western
Addition; good value; no agents. Address box
3I>5. Call.
? 150 — NICE grocery store; old-established
place; snap. THE COAST. 783% Market st.
SPECIAL bargain; saloon for sale; central lo-
cation; near Market st. Address box 328.
Call. » .
IF you don't succeed in selling your property
list with THE COAST. 783*4 Market st.
FOR SALE — Established 30 years; bakery; on
account of death. Apply Call office.
GOOD opening for drug store at Willlts. Cal.
Address A. J. BLEDSOE, Uklah, Cal.
$450— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Mar-
ket St. THE COAST. 783 >4 Market st.
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dl»-
trlct; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
WE have some fine bargains this week at the
lowest price. THE COAST. 783*. Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR 8ALK.
A FOR SALE BY A
rp:tsloff & co.,
900 Market st, cor. Ellis.
Any place sold on easy terms.
CALL— WE CAN SUIT YOU.
12 rooms; Golden Gate: half cash $750
30 rooms; first-class; north of Market... 2400
10 rooms; Post Bt. ; a snap 550
50 rooms; central; clears $200 4000
20 rooms; clears $60 200
18 100ms; just listed 650
12 rooms; snap 450
.10 rooms; clears $2~>0: investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market: clears $100 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-S).
REDUCED to $1075: 14 rooms, furnished ele-
gantly; $350 cash: bal. monthly. RETSLOFF.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices. In all parts of the city.
11 rooms: good, location; Al furnished. . .$^50
20 rooms; sunny; g- od renter 950
8 rooms: sunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms: downtown : good 700
38 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at l"-_ per cent per month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market st, upstairs, near Call Building.
A — big — free — list — at — my — office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st— (Inc.). ..Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. '
New houses to lease. -¦':;•
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $0500
300 rooms; corner house; for men...... 5000
ltt rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain...... 000
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhousea, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO., ~
850 Market st. and ~ Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22, 23.. Phone Bush 328.
If you "lave hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; wo can
suit you: have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, flats, all sizes and prices; In all parts
of city. Money loaned, 1>A per cent. 1 .
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
flrst-claFS lodging and boarding, houses at all
• times; bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly ca!l at office. ¦ ' -
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
017 Market St., bet. Sth and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. . •
SUNNY corner house, 17 rooms; Geary st:
rent. $77 50; piano, silverware,' fine furniture;
owner must sell; easy terms; genuine bar-
gain; $1700.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917* Market st. bet. 5th and flth.
BUY yot r houses direct from a furniture dealer i
on easy payments. '-.'ili'-.-i;- '
1C rooms; clears $40 ....'. $500
11 rooms: clears $30. J."50
8 rooms;; clears $30. $300
And other bargains. 842 Howard st. . . '
SNAP— $2600; 30-room house: rent $65; $1500,
37-room house, rent $50; good furniture; first-
class location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st - :
FLAT, 0 rooms: nicely furnished; all new; only
few doors from Market st. ; tent $30 per mo. :
will sell reasonable if taken at once. 11
Sixth st; no agents.
10 ROOMS; ideal transient house; regular
roomers net $52 a mo. over rent; good furni-
ture; rent ?50; must sell quick; sacrifice:
$600. Box 404, Call office. , '
BARGAIN — Flat of 6 rooms, neatly furnished,
Hewing machine included; rent $12; price $125.
Call to-day. 315 Folsom st.
LODGING-HOUSE, nicely furnished; rent ! $40'
worth $1000; clears $100 a month; sell for
$800. Call at 149 Fourth st.
75 ROOMS; best-paying transient Kearny-st.
lodging-house; 3 years' lease; no agents. Box
" 222, Call. . . -¦.;¦-.¦
WANTED — 3 good lodging houses from 15 to
50 rooms; must be cheap for each. Address
box 998, Call office. ' ' ,
I17J5 — 7-ROOM house ; good furniture ; . good lo-
cation. Inquire 765 1 Market st. room 2.;: ;'
A SNAP — $300; 9-room house; all • occupied
325 O'Farrell st. .¦-¦¦*
" , COTTAGESV TO^JLET. _ ' .
JO let — Furnished cottage, 5 rooms and bath.
In Fruitvale.- For particulars Inquire at ticket
office. Frultvale Station. Box 332, Call. .
HAIGHT. 638^-$35; beautiful six-room '¦ cot- ;
tage, finished basement. Rm 410 855 Market \
~~~~~™J!£! RITCA1 *' IS *5t^
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis St., near ¦ Franklin,
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Frlday
nlghts, -50c; psychic seance. Mon. and Wed.
nights, 25c; readings dally; phone Polk 2450.
WYLLIE, photo . medium; short stay longer;
bring camera and plates; come, skeptics. 301)
Turk st.*-. .-.-.. ¦ . . " ¦ *¦ . ..¦¦•¦ .'¦"¦.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. m£-
.¦dium. life reader: sit. $1; letter $2: exam.
free. 1104 O'Farrell St., nr. Gough; Ellis car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
' habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay; circles Sun-
day and Tuesday. 8; Tuesday. 2; git, dally.
EDWARD EARLE-.12S Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1G01;' seance Sunday and Thurs.
JCLAIRVOYAKT8.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE.
. THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life. His information and advice
on marriages,, divorce, separations, love ami
family" affairs,' business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful In business, gives .you- good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
. old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
v_Jng and chronic disease that has baffled the
physician's skill cured without medicine;
there is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have call and he will » help you.
"Palmistry Taught Mediumistic Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
-yil earn you from $10 to $25 per day.. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. m. to 8. p. m.
326 ...... O'FARRELL STREET ...... 320
STRANGE POWERS.
ORIENTAL CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST.
LYONS. LYONS. LYONS.
Thousands have consulted her miraculous
powers during the, past week, and their testi-
mony is a living witness to the soundness of
her advice. Valuable mines have been located
throuch her Interpretation of dreams. MME.
LYONS, the Oriental seeress, reunites families,
aids despondent lovers and gives you a mes-
meric handkerchief gives you spirit pictures of
your friends or relatives, the mightiest medium
of the many mediums giving advice, insuring
business success as' well as domestic happiness,
speculation, investment, love, courtship, mar-
riage and divorce, and causes Fpeedy marriages
with the one you love. All you who have been
humbugged by pretenders, don't give up in de-
spair, for MME. LYONS Is the most reliable of
all the so-called clairvoyants. Consult her ere
the star of your destiny declines before the
dsrkneEs of despair; Her Oriental charms are
proof against all evil influence : secure one to-
day. Letters with stamp answered. Cut this
out. as it does not appear daily; hours 10 to 5
daily; Sundays. 11 to 1.
MME. J. J. LYONS.
1016 Market st. 1016; also 11 Eddy st.
Remember the address.
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY
1104 Market St., corner Turk.
Is'mar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside tlie
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess Is possible were It rot for the lack of fore-
sight Into the future; if you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfle i
in life, consult Ismar. for she is a prophetess of
world-wide fame, and her name has become a
proverb In thousands of home? maiie happy* by
her aid and advice. Ismar can be consulted
dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m., at her office, 1104 Market at,
corner Turk.
SPECIAL — Ibmar's readings by mall are
fully as satisfactory as those given in person;
three questions answered. $1; full life reading,
$5. Send date and year of birth.
DO you want to know your future? If so, re-
member that there is one life reader In San
¦ Francisco that can and does give you an ab-
solutely correct reading of your future life.
1 This woman was born with the wonderful
. gift of foresight and is therefore enabled to
give advice to those that noed it;. no guess-
. work; no fake methods: nothing but an hon-
est, straight and truthful reading of your
future; advice on all business affairs, love,
divorce and marriage. This woman is the
.only life reader in San Francisco that gives
satisfaction or no fee. Hour?. 10 to 8; closed
Sundays. MRS. REYNOLDS, Life Reader,
1008*.. Market st. opp. Fifth.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at- 17 Third st, next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
! happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45W».
A — WONDERFUL clairvoyant, crystal seer.
Are you. in trouble of any kind? Reunites
the separated: causes speedy marriage'!; all
business; consult the great medium and you
will be told how to overcome them; readings
50c and $1. MISS WILLE. 514 Taylor et,
between Geary and Post sts.; hours 10 to 8.
A— ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
' palmist, permanently located 1101 Market st..
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mall ns satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
(5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c — SPECIAL $1 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally.
1010 Mission St., near Sixth.
ARRIVED— ARRIVED.
PALMERO. the Wonder, clairvoyant and palm-
ist has arrived and is now located at.993 Mar-
ket; office 4; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. dally.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
rtader. born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
- gents$l: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. J.
MYERS, postoffice box 2224. San Francisco.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 120G Market
st, cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor. st. clairvoyant"
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
ADVICE on love and All business affairs; read-
lngs dally. MME. . J. J. LYONS, 1016 Mar-
ket st, rms. 8-0; hrs. 10-5 dally; Sun., 11-1.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. .6 Fourth st
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium: truth or
no pay; full life readings 60c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. 1008*4 Market, op. 5th.
MRS. S. EHRN, clairvoyant • and palmistry.
¦25c up. 1427 Ellis st., near Buchanan.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 60c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or. Canada one year for $1. !
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet -cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
ing. 1213 Market,bet.8th&0th;tel. Howard £912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CUT Steam Carpet-beating Works. . O. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 Sth at.; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating "Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet cleaning.
411-413 Powell st, phone Bush 421.
J. E: MITCHELL Carpet -cleaning and 1 Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel.-. Mission ¦ 74.
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
- detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F. ;
- painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New" York Dentists Co., DR. E
. W. PERKINS. Pre_., 069 Mission at, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 30
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.8., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors.' 0 Turk st. cor. Mason—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; -lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager. . ¦: : ¦
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c. !
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50: fillings. 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental" Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
BET- of teeth without - platr. DR. ' H. - G. ,
I YOUNG. 1841 Polk , St."; . v
2 HELP WAKTED— MALE—COW.
A. 1 *'- THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
- • AGENCY. ' . . A _
59 3d St.. near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
..-..Teamsters and laborers f or
......TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA......
' Free Fare ....7.... ....Free Fare
.Office fee $1; no other expenses. . ... ..
100 teamsters.......... $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men ...*2 25 to *2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers. .?2 Jo per aay
...„'.. SPECIAL TO-DAY (S^DAY) .......
FREE FARE F £, EE O FA Jm
Mendocino County Big Sawmill
50 railroad laborers.. $2G per month and boara
12 sawmill- and woodsmen j*\"^,"l"
.......... $2(t to S65 per month *2* *?%£
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
FOR SAWMILL •••¦••••-••
10 lumber pilers $40 per month and boara
pond man .:......... ...$C0 per month
Plumber's helper ....*55 per month
HAY HANDS HAY HANDS
20 hay hands, big ranch. $1 25 per day and
board • *_
10 men for haying. $1 £5 to $1 50 per day and
board •- 'i"""'
• Man and wife; man to sew sacks, $2 per day.
wife to cook for 8 men .*20 per month
Milker. 21 cows, ?32 50 per month and board
3 milkers.. $35 per month and board
5 experienced women to pack fruit; wood
turner, city mill. $3 50 per day
LABORERS BIG CITY JOB ...
25 men, board at home. $2 per day
Office open to-day (Sunday) till 12 m.
CALIFORNIA EM P. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
A— PAC. EMPLOYMENT AG'CY. CSS Clay st.
Phone Main 1191 •,•••
50 railroad men. for Contra Costa County,
S. P. Co.'s own work, ship to-day. Sunday.
1:30 p. m. ; office open 9 a. m.; 100 railroad
men. S. P. Co.'s ,own work •¦
Free fare Coast Division Fee $1
500 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen and
steam shovel dumpers.. $2 25 to $2 50 per day
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, Battle Mountain.
Vista. Telegraph Point and Carlin..Fee 51
32 laborers for mines, north $2 per day
45 laborers and miners, south. .$2 to $2 50 day*
15 quarrymen. free fare .$2 per day
4 woodchoppers. Santa Cruz Co. ..$2 50 cord
2 men to clear land, Santa Cruz County
$30 per acre
7 tanbark men for Willtts.. . .$45 and found
14 men for Napa County ?2 per day
5 tie swampers $35 and found
3 tie sledders ..$40 and found
7 tiemakers 12c to 18c
30 men. city work -...$2 per day
.3 milkers, country, see boss here $35 i
5 boys factory work $6 to $7 50 per week
5 teamsters, near city *2 per day
4 carpenters $3 50 per day
7 waiters $20 to 540 and found
9 cooks $25 to $60 and found
6 dishwashers $18 to. $25 and found
Many other positions. Call and read our
bulletins. We are strictly reliable and will
treat the laboring men white.
STABLEMAN for country. $35 and found; gar-'
dener, $35 and found; 5 choremen, $10, $15,
$25 and $30; 10 milkers, $30 and $33; farmer
and wife, $50; man and wife, private family,
$50; butter maker, $35; milk wagon driver,
$40 and found; teamsters, $35 and found and
$2 and $2 25 day; G stout boys, company
work. $1 25 day; laborers for mines, mills and
pick and shovel work. $2 day; laborers for
country. $2 and $2 25 day. fare paid; labor-
ers about machine shop, $1 75 day; wood
choppers, men to clear land, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦
BURLEIGH drill miner, $3 day: 6 carpenters,
country. $4 day; carpenters, city. $3 50 to $4
. day: 5 blacksmiths, $2 50 day and board. $40
month and board and $2 50 day; 4 black-
smith helpers. $2 and $2 25 day and $35 and
board; boy for paint shop. $4 week and in-
crease; boys for factory, 75c to $1 day; car-
riage painters and woodworkers; ranch wheel-
wright, *40 and board, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st.
BUTLER, country, $50; 2 waiters, country ho-
tels, $25 and $30; pantryman, $25; boarding-
house cook. $40; restaurant cook. $70; dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C28 Sacramento st
TO-DAY. SUNDAY
TO-DAY. SUNDAY
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 429 BUSH ST.
Between .Kearny st. and Grant ave
New railroad work Free fare
FOR NEVADA
. .We ship to all points In State of Nevada. .
On C. P. reconstruction work
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, scraper
loaders and holders and concrete men, $2.
$2 25 and $2 50 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen. drillers, muckers and outside
laborers ...?1 75 to $3 a day
SHIP TO-NIGHT
FREE FARE .' FREE FARE
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
Opposite California Hotel
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $40; bell boy. $17 50; steam
laundryman, $40; colored waiter. $30; wait-
ers, $30; assistant hotel clerk, $20.
FIRST-CLASS butler. $50: also second butler.
$40; steady places. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st., . nr. Powell.
WANTED — By a large manufacturing concern 1
In Seattle. Wash., a first-class foreman '
blacksmith; a young, progressive man pre-
ferred; must have wide knowledge of all
classes of blacksmith work, light and heavy,
and above all he must be a good handler of
men, familiar with drawings and of fair edu-
cation. Address, stating full qualifications,
reference and monthly salary expected, P.
O- box 319. Seattle. Wash.
SALESMEN — $50 per week and expenses guar-
anteed selling chemical refrigerating, ma-
chines to hotels, restaurants, butchers' and
•merchants; cool all kinds of refrigerators
cheaper than ice; also chemical icecream
freezer; works automatic; write for territory;
free sample. Chemical Refrigerator " and
Freezer Co., Station U. Chicago.
WANTED — A large and well-known grocery
concern wishes the services of two -men of
integrity and push; must be good talkers and
have good personal appearance: they are to
make new and hold old trade among private
families; future depends upon ability; give
. age and previous experience. Box 319, Call.
DETECTIVES WANTED— Applications will ba
received for positions as _p»cial detectives
and watchmen for Chlhatov.n; monthly sal-
ary $90; must be experier ¦ : and capable;
good references and bond r^julred; no others
need apply. Address Chinese Consul Genera!,
San Francisco. \
WANTED — Trustworthy person In each coun-
ty to manage business; old established house;
bona fide weekly cash salary $18 paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters; money advanced for expenses.
Manager, 379 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED — An influential union man, one who
has served his time at his trade and is well
acquainted with fellow employes of this city,
but desires to make money at a much easier
vocation: "permanent good paying position for
right party. Address box 336, Call office.
WANTED — An ex-streetcar conductor or grip-
man who Is well acquainted with street rail-
way employes of this city, and can furnish
references: excellent opportunity and perma-
nent position for right party. Address box
333. Call office.
Al SALESMAN by wholesale -coffee and spice
business, for Humboldt, Coos Bay and Men-
docino counties; none but experienced men
and acquainted with above counties need
apply. Address box 334, Call office. .
WANTED — Reliable, active man as partner to
do plain office work In old-established and
well-paying cash business; clears $300 and
over per month; small capital required. Apply
318 Kearny. st, room 1.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; $13
to $25 a week, with chance to make $35 in
short time; plain, steady man will find this
a chance worth taking. 25 Geary st., rm. 4.
RESTAURANTS, oysterman, waiters, porters
( kitchen help; no fee; office open Sundav'
628 Montgomery st. y>
$22 WEEKLY salary and all expenses for men
with rigs to sell compound. Imperial Mfsr
Co., Dept. 10, Parsons, Kan. '
WANTED — 10 men, easy work; can earn $1 in
¦ few hours per day. Acme Coffee Co 1412
Stockton st. '
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs; good location-
parties going In wholesale business- X1-_V
Box 4U8. San Jose, Cal. ' ' Vi *~-
OPTICIAN wanted, partner, to travel; best od-
' g«gairof 0 fl r ce thertShtParty - Addre83 b «
BARBER shops and rooming-houses supplied
with towels. 40c per 100. Yosemite Towel
Supply Cq>., 708 McAllister; phone Kate 20.
CARPENTERS wanted; long job. Green st"
between Polk st. and Van Ness ave '
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes-
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRYV 241 M
BEDMAKER. New Adelaide, 614 Howard st
First-clas3 cutter on country orders Call "on
day a.m. bet. 10 & 12. 541 Market, -StfiS:
GOOD young man on floor for carriage and
wagon blacksmlthing. 828 Harrison st
TcoWassy palnters - larken
BOARDING-HOUSE waiter. 2021 Folsom st.
MAN to work on chicken ranch S15 «nH /m< n /
CHAS. SCHWARTZ. 15S1 Valencia "t '
DISHWASHER wanted at 211 Grant ave.
3^ shop - 2 ch *»rs, in San Jose: neatlv
fitted up; very prominent location: cheap it
taken at once. B. STOLT2. 723 Market st
SAX FRANCISCO CAJ_L_
BUSINEES OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 027 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 d. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
«J9 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street; ODen until 9:30 p. m.
1341 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh -treet; epen until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore etreet: open until 9 p. m.
CHUKCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Church, Mission St., between Sixth
and Seventh— Pastors, Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbert 1 - F. Briggs; 11 a. m., service and ser-
mon- topic "A Common Man's Uncommon
Work"; 1 p. m., children's day exercises of
the Sunday-school, with an interesting pro-
gramme; 0:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian
I Endeavor; 7:30 p. m., concert. The pro-
Kramme includes (a) "Missing From Home"
(Conway) (b). "Softly Rang the BeUs of
Heaven" (Catlin), orchestra; anthem, "King
All Glorious" (Mopett); violin solo, "Chan;
d'Une Nuit d'Ete" (Papani), Charles E. Rob-
?on; duet, "What Have I to Do With Theer*
tElijah). Mrs. Cramer and Mr. Weer: 8 p.
m. sermon, topic. "A Wonderful Name."
Herbert F. Brigss will preach at both ser-
vices. Choirmaster, Louis "William Weer.
The seats are tree and the people are wel-
come. -¦. / -' .-
gIMPSON Memorial Methodi6t Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan — Rev.
John Stephens, the pastor, will preach at 11
a. m. on "The Duty of the Good," and at
7;45 p. m. on "The Glory and the Blight
Pof the Golden West." Music by chorus and
male quartet. Seats free. Welcome to all.
Suriday-school at 12:45 p. m. Ep worth
League at 6:45 p. m..
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ncfs ave. and Sacramento st. — Rev. William
Kirk Guthrie. pastor; services at 11 a. m.
and 7:15 p. m. The pastor will preach »»ot»!
morning and evening. Sunday-school at 12:15
p. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. tn.
Wednesday evening prayer meeting at 8
o'clock. All are cordially invited.
¦CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia sts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hill, D.D.. pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge.
associate pastor. Morning eervice at 11, Mr.
Eldredge will preach, sermon topic. "The
Creed Revised." Evening service at 7:45.
Mr. Foreman of India will preach, sermon
topic "The Object of Christ's Death." Sun-
day-school at 10 and 15:30. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:30. Prayer meeting Wednesday at 8
V. m. ¦
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sis. — Rev. George C. Adams. D.D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m. t topic. "The Manysldedness of Jesus."
At 7:45 n. m.. topic. "An Unlimited Prom-
ise." All are cordially Invited. '
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. — Holy
communion. 7:30; Sunday school. 9:30 a. m. ;
morning prayer and sermon. 11 o'clock: peo-
ple's one-hour service. 8 p. m. ; this will be
a service of thanksjrlving for peace in South
Africa. Sullivan's "Te Deum" will be sung
by full choir and address by the rector. All
seats free. You are cordially invited.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
minister; Chas. A. Murdock, superintendent
of t>unday-school. The Sunday-«chool i_
closed. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. Geor_re W. Stone, field secretary, will
preach, subject. "The Leadership of Jesus."
Music by the quartet and chorus. H. Breth-
erick. onranist and director. AU are cor-
dially invited. The.-e is no evening service.
A GREAT union mass meeting of men this
(Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock In the Young
Men's Christian Association. Mason and El-
lis sts.. will be addressed by Rev. F. M. Lar-
kin: subject of the address, "The Youne
Man In Business." Special music, and all
men invited to attend. ¦
SEVENTH Day Adventlst Church, 914 Laguna
Ft. bet. McAllister and Golden Gate ave. —
Preaching this evening at 7:4. r » o'clock by the
naetor. W. P. Sadler; subject "A Study of
Recent Occurrences." A* cordial invitation
is extended to all; seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. between Kearny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a.m.; subject of lesson sermon, "Sacrament."
Punday-schcol for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free
reading-room. 206 Kearny st., rooms 509-510.
All are welcome.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge, the Theosophical So-
ciety — Free popular lectures 'every Sunday,
R p. m.. Flood building. S09 Market St.; sub-
ject to-night. "The Larger Thought" by
Mrs. Mary Wells; good music Bible class
11 a. m. Sundays. Inquirers' meeting 2:30
p. m. Thursdays. Theosophical discussion
meeting S p. m. Saturdays. Free lending li-
brary and reading-room open dally, 1 to 4 p.m.
THE Theosophical Society. .Col. H. S. Olcott
president-founder — Public lecture every Sun-
day at S o'clock at Pacific Coast headquar-
ters. Odd Fellows' building: to-night, "Our
Mental Picture Gallery'." by Dr. James H. M.
Lapsley. Reading-room and library open
daily from 1 till 4 d. m.
HERMETIC Brotherhood open meetings are
held regularly every Thursday evening, 509
Van Ness ave.. at 8 o'clock. We believe the
. only perfect harmony is the love that is
God's. Our tenet Is the power of the silence.
1 We eeek for knowledge. All are welcome.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle.
903 Market st. ; subject. "Evolution of Intel-
lectual Liberty," followed by beautiful views
of classic statuary of the world; remember
the question box; special music.
AT 117 Larkin st. to-night. Dr. C. E. Wheeler,
Inspirational church meeting. Subject
"Wealth for All." Dem. messages by Mrs.
Seeley and others: music and singing by Miss
Marian Trade; mediums welcome; adm., 10c.
BROCKWAY*S materializing seance to-night:
see faces that you can recognize in the light:
50c. 1052 Ellis St.. near Franklin.
A — TESTS. 909 Market, rear; 11. free; 2. 8, 10c
Swan. Maxwell, Hodgson, McKee, Lenhart,
Kotter, others.
A— TESTS, front hall, 909 Market; 11, free; 2,
Wilson. Waltmann; 8. Wilson, Katie Huess-
nan; 10c.
A — "NOW" lecture, Henry Harrison Brown;
"Life"; Odd Fellows' bldg., 8 p. m.; good
music.
MRS. fc'TODDARD'S convincing tests for all;
circles loc; Sun., Tues. 278 9th; readings
daily.
W.G.KEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Sat.; 10c; sittings daily. 118 Cth st
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. C05 McAUlsty; 10c; come, skeptics.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C J
Meyer; elttings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night 10c: proph-
etic readings, ladies. 50c; gents' $1. 132 6th.
MRS. VIGAR'S test meeting to-night, 10c
148 Sixth Et.. room 32: sittlrgs dally.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance 8 p. m.
10K4 Bush: 50c: tel. Larkin 4133.
MEETINGS— inlverMl ttrotherbood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society (non-political and unsectarian)
Monthly entertainment and dramatic presen-
tation next Friday, 8:13 p. m., at 310 O'Far-
rell et. ; proceeds for humanitarian work.
~
METROPOLITAN Temple. 2 p. m., last lecture
ttoy Walter Thomas Mills; subject "The
Workers and the Shirkers." Short addresses
oy L S. S. E. students. Music by Prof.
Schoenand Madame Delmara. Admission free.
"WHY Marriage Is Generally a Failure"; free
lecture by Mrs. May Van Auken. illustrated
by heads, faces and hands in the audience-
Monday evening. 330 EUlg st.
TO-NIGHT— Odd Fellows' Hall, 7th & Market.
Mrs. R. S. Llllie, g;.eaker. Admission free.
' MEETING NOTICES.
WOODMEN OF THE «¦
Ilarly requested to attend _^Stt2_ft__a"?j
;he memorial services to Xm^j*mt*Bm&~S
be held SUNDAY, June
K. at 2 o'clock p. m., Alhambra Theater,
Eddy and Jones etc. AU members of Wood-
craft and their friends invited.
D. L. FITZGERALD.
Chairman General Committee.'
D. OLIVER JR., Secretary.
THE 22d annual picnic of the Ser- I
vlan-Montenegrin L. and B. So- jr*f9*A
clety will be held TO-DAY V»kr
(Sunday), June S, at Buena Vista Bitfr^rrjt"
Park, F.ausalito. There will be f^£~rj'&*_
iiuinerous (fames, for which valu- RJf3*Dft:V_
able prizes will be fflven. VK/fS-ft" 1^!
Officers and members — You are \M%Wij{f
respectfully requested to assemble ><3S^
at Society Hall, Sunday morning
at 8:30 6harp, to take part in our parade
Fine for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. By order of
E . T. BALICH. 0^ 11^^^ P ™ U
FOURTH, of July at Shell Mound v «»¦_-_.
Park. Berkeley— Twenty-fin* prand 3|. £k_&
annual Rathfring and games of the
R. F. Scottish Thistle club; new '•^V
features; groat programme.
JOHN H. McINNIS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTON. Recorder.
ME1BTIK G KOTI CES— - Confine 1 ed. .
PICNIC! PICNIC! PICNIC! «!»«_»>
Ho! For Glen wood Park, Santa Cruz^SgJfci
Mountains. The picnic of the season taSfej
given by the Ancient Order of United Vflg_y
Workmen and Degree of Honor. Dancing,
games, all kinds of foot races; numerous
prizes. Don't forget the date, TUESDAY,
June 17, 1902. Tickets. $1; children,. 5oc
Boats leave foot of Market st. (narrow
gauge) at 8:45 a. m. :
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders for pur-
pose of voting on issue of bonds. Office of
Associated" Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
ward building, corner of California and Mont-
gomery sts., San Francisco, Cal. April M.
1902.— Notice is hereby given that pursuant
to a resolution of the board ot directors or
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 28th day of April. 1902, al a
regular meeting of said board duly held. i:i
the city and county of San -Francisco, State
of California, whereat more than three-
fourths of the directors of said board were
present and voted, a meeting of the stock-
holder, o. eaid corporation will i be held at
the office and principal place of business cf
aaid corporation, to wit: Eleventh iloor
Hayward building, corner of Montgomery
and California streets, in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, said
/building being the building where the board
' of directors of said corporation usually meet,
' and said place being the place in said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of July, .1U02, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the
object and purpose of then and there con-
sidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said As-
sociated Oil Company, In the sum of five
million dollars, payable in United States gold
coin, and to secure said bonded indebtedness
so proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon, or deed of trust of all the property
of said corporation now owned or hereafter
to be acquired by It during the life or term
of said mortgage or. deed of trust. By ordei
of the board of directors Associated Oil Coui-
(Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting.— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the of fie of
the company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 20th day of May.
1902. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office, 327 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday, June 2. 11)02, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday, June 9. 1902, at 3 6* clock p. m.
- CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic-
process from Sam Ahtye. In the Secret DIr-
pings Mine, near Laporte. Plumas County.
Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked" out pit
draining into Clark or Slate Creek, and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. Ekel. in the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana, Aina-
dor County, Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked
out pit draining into Mokelumne River, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
86, Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal.. or.
June 16. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for maillne: $1 per year.
AGI.XTS AVAXTED.
. AGENTS, either sex, for our Helping Hand
work holder; every gentleman will buy one,
and often several, to present to lady friends;
postpaid, 50c. FOOTE CO., Los Angeles, Cal.
AGENTS — Do you want something more proflt-
¦¦ able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
EXPERIENCED salesman with ref. ; fancy
leather goods; commission. R. 14. 519 Mission.
A GOOD chance for experienced agents. Apply
at once. Royal Portrait Co.. 143 Seventh st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections.
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free:
r.o advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established ltt yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market Bt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. Rooms
309-10-11. Clunie bldg.. 503 California st.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low feee;
aU cases. J. M. THURSTON, 819 Market st.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
IllUYCLES — For Stale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
BOAIimXG FOR CHILDREN.
A REFINED, select home for a few small
girls; near school; piano; large sunny yard;
mother's care; lowest terms. 1607 Calif ornia.
11OOK5 NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 104b.
BUSINESS CHAACKS.
FINE delicacy business; will clear $5000 per
year > $4000
Delicacy and bakery; borne cooking; good
trade ana location; low rent $1000
Branch bakeries and delicacy stores xrum
floo up.
Butcher business on corner south of Mar-
ket st
Good paying ilgar stand on Hayes _t...$400
Cigar .stand near Market St.; cheap at.. $300
Saloon In tenderloin district doing good
trade $2uoo
Saloons in manufacturing district and in
business district from $500 to $3000.
Grocery on Church st.; cheap rent; only.. $300
Groceries and bars in different parts of city
from $300 to $4000. EITEL &. CARROLL,
1032 Market St., rooms 2 and 3.
HOTEL In Point Richmond; full of boarders;
sickness cause ot sale; a snap for $1200.
Roadhouse in Alameda Co.; large grounds;
well patronized; $2000.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
A — WE buy. sell or exchange all fcinds of bu.l-
j nets. STRAND & CO., 78 Third st.
A — $300 — SALOON; good trade; full value: 3
rooms; rent $15. STRAND & CO., 78 Third.
A — $150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store-
rent $10; 3 rooms. STRAND & CO., ~6 Third.
A — 20 CIGAR stores, 15 restaurant?. 100 lodg-
ing houses. For bargains see STRAND &
CO.. 78 Third st.
BAKERY and restaurant; very prominent lo-
cation; elegant and profitable; suitable terms-
good reason for selling. KAYSER & CO.
911 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale — First-class restaurant In best busi-
ness section of Oakland: day and night trade;
a money maker; fullest investigation given;
owner compelled to go East; snap! See
KAYSER te. CO., »U Broadway, Oakland.
A — $200 — Money-making b. bakery.3 rms.,$12 r
$125— Delicacy, grocery, bakery, 4 rm3., $15 r.
$300 — Candy, stationery, notions, 3 rms., $20 r
$250 — Variety store, 2 rooms. $15 rent.
Ask Hedges. 461-402 Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
A — 30 cigar stands, prices $75 to $2000; rents
$6 to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7 daily. A_k
C. L. Hedges. 4C1-402 Parrott bldg., 825 Mkt.
DENTISTS — A fine opportunity to secure^ a
good practice; fixtures complete; fine offices;
desirable location; owner leaving the city
. and will consider a reasonable offer.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; in less than
five months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against lobs;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend for week ending June 7, $4 88; write
or call for Interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
€15, Emma Spreckels building.
OUR new progressive system of turf specula-
tion averages 18 per cent weekly; shares, $10:
money can be withdrawn at any time; divi-
dends paid weekly. Particulars, address
SOLLITT & CO., Beard building. New York.
50 PER cent average monthly profit under our
new system of turf speculation; shares, $10
each; dividends paid semi-monthly; send for
circular. WHITE & CO.. 88 World building.
New. York (mention paper).
PEDDLING business for sale, - including horse
and wagon; cheap, account sickness. MOO
Fourth St.; call afternoons.
SPECIAL bargain — Saloon, worth $500, for
$300; must be sold at once; party going east
to look .after real evtate. Call or add. H S
C02"4 Third st; no agents. '
$8500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
street clearing $650 monthly net: whole or
half Interest; partner going to" Europe* no
agents. Box 275, Call office.
$400 — CANDY -tore: rent $20; nice location;
good sales; old established place;- don't mis.
thlg chance. THE COAST. 783*4 Market St.
$5007-IN Alameda; branch bakery, groceries
candy, cigars and notions; will invoice price
asked. Address Box 308. Call. . • •
WE have cash customers : for good' saloon3
THE COAST, , 783*4 Market st. ™°°™-
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. - '
¦". Waitress, springs, Sonoma Co. $25
_! ' waitresses, La"je Co., party here Mon-
day, 2 D.' m.V. ...: .$20
4 waitresses, same commercial hotel.... .$25
2 head waitresses, summer resorts $30
2 chambermaids to. wait, summer resorts. *2J
Waitresses, Sonoma, Alameda, Stockton, .
Madera, San Mateo, Salinas, Arizona, '
Marys vllle, San Jose, Santa Cruz. ..$.0. $25 j
j Chambermaids, city and country.. $15, $17 50
Waitress, coffee parlor $30
Chambermaid to wait, party here 11 a. m.
Monday $20, $25
Laundress, country hotel.....: $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.,
Cook, for men -only, $20, fare here; woman
with a child, country, fare paid, $15: young
girl assist housework, nice small American
family, good home. $10-$12; house girl, Capi-
tola, two in family, $20, fare paid; house
giri, ranch, Sacramento Co., $20; all fares
paid to country places and many places for
house girls, second girls/nurse girls, cooks.,
.' others. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ i
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 429 Bush st. f
(Opposite California Hotel, between Kearny
. -t. and Grant ave.J
A COOK to cook for five gentlemen and gen-
tlemen visitors, middle-aeed woman; to go
to Guatemala; $30; sse parties here; fare
paid.
Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO... 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel, between Kearny
st. and Grant ave.)
TWO waitresses for the springs. $20 each; two
waitresses for commercial hotel, $25 .each.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., nr. Powell.
A CHAMBERMAID - for first-class city hotel,
$20 with room. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st.. nr. Powell.
A GIRL for cooking and general housework
for 2 in family, in city, $25. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
A GERMAN nurse for 2 children, $20; a cook
for small boarding-house, city, $30; a nurse
for one child. $15; 10 hotel waitresses for ho-
tels at springs, $25; a cook for six men. $25;
a parlormaid and waitress. $30; a waitress
and second girl, $30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st., nr. Powell. '
WANTED — Cook for small resort, $40; .cook,
country, $35; 10 waitresses for summer re-
sorts, $20, $25, fare paid; man and wife, city
. place, $50; chambermaid and seamstress, $25;
4 restaurant waitresses, $7, $8; housework,
Oakland, $30; Alameda. 3 in family, $25;
nurse for invalid gentleman, $30; 90 girU
for housework, places too numerous to adver-
tise. Apply to J.- F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter st. 1 • ¦ . ¦ . ¦•:
/ ~Z__Z__ '¦ ,
OPERATORS and a number of bright girls will
be taken for instruction on overalls, with a
stated amount guaranteed to beginners.
Standard " Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.' •
______ . , . 1
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; hairdresslng.
manicuring, massage, halrwork taught in 2
weeks: price $4 50; employment guaranteed;
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
WANTED — A refined young lady who under-
stands lisrht housework and a good penman
as a companion for a lady; referejices re-
quired. Call at 41S Monteomery st.
EXPERIENCED Jacket and skirt hands for al-
teration" department. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. Monday. R. D. DAVIS & CO.. cor-
ner Geary st. and Grant, ave.
OPERATORS, experienced; also learners, paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS' Muslin
Underwear Factory, 597 Mission St., cor. 2d.
EXPERIENCED operators on wool and silk
waists; apprentices to sew on buttons; good
pay. San Francisco Mfg. Co.; 523 Market st.
WANTED — First-class sewers on ladles' skirts
and shirt waists; best pay. BAUER MFG.
CO.. corner Twenty-third and Mission sts.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework
and cooking: wages ?20; small family. Call
Monday between 9 and 2, 1615 Scott st.
WANTED — Reliable, energetic business woman
for responsible position. Call immediately,
30 Metropole, G Turk at. .
WANTED — Pupils * for practical millinery
school; class forming for fall work; eetab. 14
years; terms easy. 1CO0 Van Ness ave.
WANTED — 10 ladies; "easy work; can earn $1
in few hours per day. Acme Coffee Co.,
Itl2 Stockton st.
NEAT' young lady to do collecting and assist
In office: hours 7 to 5:30 o'clock; wages $0
week. Box 326, Call. .
12 EXPERIENCED female solicitors. Apply
C. B. JENNINGS, 121 California St.. Mon-
day. 2 p. m.
EXPERIENCED hands to make ladles' under-
wear at home. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 San-
somei st. ¦ . ' .
WANTED — Woman wllllns to assist with
housework In family of 3. 221:5 Leavenworth.
OPERATORS and finishers on. cent's white
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl or elderly lady; assist housework;
no washing. 234 Moultrie st. >
WANTED — Bright woman to travel" East for
six months. D., box 309. Call..
WANTED — Young Rlrl apprentice; wages after
first two weeks. Hair Store, 112 Eddy st.
WANTED — First-class sewer for dressmr.ker.
1423 Polk ct.
GIRLS wanted. ' Apply BUSWELL CO. Book-
bindery, 530 Clay st.
A LADY clerk for store -and office; permanent
position; state age. Box 359, Call.
WANTED — Stenographer and bookkeeper: an-
swer in own handwriting. Box 361, Call.
GIRL for general housework, $25. 1530 Ninth
St., Alameda.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
, LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.: MR. DAVIS.'
WANTED — Lady agents in every town to In-
• troduce the, best seller on earth; entirely new
and success guaranteed ; write at cnce.
Globule Medical Co., 428 Kearny St., . S.F.
YOUNG lady to assist with housework and 2
children; fair wages. Call 1 Belchar court,
off 14th St.. bet. Church and Sanchez.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion: good opportunity for rigKt party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Experienced raleslady for skirt anl
waist department; good wages. Address F.
R.. Call office. . '
I. CAN place two energetic trustworthy women
into lucrative positions; business experience
necessary. Box 314. Call office. \
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured. $15 to $25
I wkly. Home Correspondence School. Phlla.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work; Ger-
man preferred. 1018 Sutter st.
WANTED — Dressmakers and sewer's. Apply
2208 Geary st. -
1ST-CLASS sewers on ladies' wrappers, skirts
etc., take work home. H. Friedlander, 338 Fell
GIRL to work In grocery store. 967
: street. . . , - ¦•:¦;•,.'•
LADIES to learn ; barber, trade; only two
months required: ; ' special offer this month;
hairdresslng taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. . MOLER System College, 635 Clay st.
Halrdressing, manicuring-. - massage, bleaching, .
dyeing, halrwork: eplendld position in stores
and with private customers. $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1230 Market r. 94. \
WANTED — Vest operators and vest finishers;
also apprentices to . learn. ¦ Apply factory
8..N. WOOD & CO.. 27. Geary st.
WANTED — Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
v & CO.. 27 Geary at. ' \
EXPERIENCED Operators on wool and silk
waists; apprentices to sew on buttons; good
pay. San Francisco Mfg. Co., 623 Market.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
lady; permanent position.* Apply or address
Golden Gate Cloak House, 1230 Market st.
WANTED — Reliable waitress for a ealoon;
utual commission. Apply 70 Jackson st. <
TWO pianists to play for teutons. HOOVER
University of Physical Culture, 1327 Market.
GIRLS from 15 to 17 for factory work. Apply
at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento.
A — SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market st. . j
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st : ;••>",: '¦¦;¦
THOROUGH course in millinery, ¦ $1 per week;
• day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room IS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received' at Call branch office, .2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CaH.
IB pages, in wrapper for mailing: $1 per year.
¦ help Wanted— male*.
WANTED — Young | man over.. 16. years -of age
for : elevator; ¦ one having experience running
an electric . elevator preferred. Apply Mon-
dty 7 :30 a. m: at S. . N. WOOD & CO..- 718
.Market st. . . ;- ¦
TRAVELING salesman for California to sell
. retail . trade; attractive line; established
house. ' Box 225, , Detroit, Mich.
HELP WAJTTE'P-— MAJLE- — Con.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
C34-63ti Clay St.
SPECIAL TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
TO-DAY (SUNDAY). . .
SHIP R. R. MEN. ... I
NEVADA. ,' , » ?.
SALT LAKE DIVISION.
SANTA FE ANU^R R. CO.'S "WORK.
51 FEE; no other expenses to tha above work.
FARE IS FREE.
".--«~n\ SHIP DAILY.
«4« teamsters, two and four horse. $2 to $2 50
a day
&J3 Jaborers, $2 to" $il* 25;* *5C* car dumpers,
** — ••* .-•«.•¦•-•..............."......*••-.«'.•
175 concrete laborers,. $2 _3; scraper holders;
drillers, rockmen, hammersmen
•• ABOVE MEN WANTED AT..-
(FREE FARE)
Salt Lake Division, Rokeby. Moleen. Iron.
Point. Battle Mountain, Palisade, Fenelon.
AVells, Carlln. Vlata, Reno, Ditha. Wada-
worth. Elko
ARIZONA
20 teamsters. 2 blacksmiths, camps.. $60 & fd
SANTA FE CO.'S WORK
75 laborers to work in section, steel ballast
and extra gangs, $1 75 _. a y FREE FARE
....Get Our Daily Lists, Ready at 7 a. m
FREE FARE
TO THE MOUNTAINS
SAWMILLS WOODS YARD3
Healthy climate where the timber growa. ...
WE PAY YOUR FARE.
227 men for different mills in Mendocino Co..
fare paid; wages $C0 to $Gl» and round; no
experience
tt* laborers for lumber company, Sonoma Co.,
see bosses here; no experience required. $30,
$35, $40 and found
132 men to pile lumber, work In mills and
yards and make themselves useful for. dif-
ferent companies In Shasta. Placer, San Ma-
teo, Trinity, Nevada ana other counties;
wages. $30 to $75 and found
t> log loaders, see boss here, $55 and found;
10 jack screwers, $45; 3 setters, see bosa
' here, $90, and all classes of skilled sawmill
and wood3 help wanted .* -
MINES AND LABORERS
Dally list ready. 7 a. m f
47 miners for different mines, north a::J
south Wages $2 50. $2 75 and $3 day
60 laborers for one o£ the largest mines tit
Cal.; no experience required; you'll _"""•••¦
.Wages $40 to $52 and found
20 laborers for a good mine, south $0<»
44 drillers, rockmen and powdermen
379 laborers for different work In aad neap
the city... $2, $2 25 day and $30 and $40 & fa
Get our dally list
MECHANICAL CARPENTERS
3 carpenters for Nevada, rough work, fare
returned. $90; young man with some experi-
ence at stonecuttlnjf •
10 carpenters, sawmill company. In moun-
tains, long Job. $3 50 day: 4 carpenters, com-
pany work, country. $3 50- day... .............
Second engineer, gasoline launch. 5.5 ana
found; cooper, oil company, coun-
try. $40 and found; granite mason.
$5 day; 10 blacksmiths, shops and camps,
$2 50 to $3 50; woodworker, camp, $45 and
found; wagonmaker. camp, city, good Job;
Jack man. steam shovel; patternmaker. $3 50
to $4 day; 47 positions for other mechanics.
MISCELLANEOUS
Coachman, near city. $30 and found: boy tt>
learn machinist trade; 3 laborers, city fac-
tory. $2 a day •_____ :,;
Young man to learn creamery business: 1-
stablemen. city and country. $o0. $35 to ?M)
and found; 3 milkers. Nevada, fare paid. $35
and found; laborers for brick yard; brick
wheelers; sheep herder. $30 and found
MARRIED HELP
Man and wife, private place.. $40 *nd foun.l
Man "fend wife, Santa Clara Co... $40 & found
Farmer and wife, see bosa here.. $45 & found
Milker and wife, see boss here.. $45 & found
.... AGRICULTURAL DEPT.
FARMS DAIRIES
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
283 men to work in hay and harvest fields
in all counties •
$1 25. $1 50 and $2 day and found
Farm hands for steady job on fruit farm*
and vineyards $30 and $35 and found
4 sheepherders, $30 and found; 45 choremen
and choreboys, private places and ranches;
3 milkers, Nevada, fare paid, see boss here,
$35 and found: 68 milkers, city and country.
$30. $35 and $40 and found
HOTELS BUTCHERS
' BAKERS KITCHEN HELP
Camp cook. city. $50 and found: 3 camp
waiters, mines. $25 and found ; 2 dishwasher*,
camp. $25 and found; second cook, country.
$50 and found; cook, country hotel, near cify.
$40 and found: II other cooks; 2 bread bskars.
$45 and found; second baker, cakes. $45 and
found: head waiter, country hotel. $35; 25
waiters, city and country hotels. $30 to $40
and found; butcher, country shop. $40 and
found; 25 kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc.
Daily List Ready 7 a. m
....' Call and Get One ,_,..
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — 6 DRILLERS, city Jobs. $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO salesmen — Wanted, smart up-to-date man
of good appearance and address for merchant
tailoring establishment; to right man a good
position. Answer with full particulars, box
340. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced business man a 9 State
manager for first-class business, new; re-
sponsible party only. 3C Metrcpole. G Turk st.
STEADY Job for first-class wagon blacksmith;
none other need apply. Call from 7 td 9 p.
m.. 345 Jersey st.
EXPERIENCED window dresser - and card
writer for a dry goods store. Box 360, Call.
WANTED — First-class shoemaker on repairing
at 402 Post st.
WANTED — Frst-class barber; good wages;
steady. 41 Sutter st.
LABORERS shipped free to Nevada. 17
Steuart st.. Co-operative Employm't Bureau.
WANTED — A general tailor for country; a
steady party who wants to settle- In the
country can buy the establishment la Sep-
tember; can work for wages from now on
until then.' For further particulars apply
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Steady man with $130 for plain
light business that will easily pay $75 per
month; must be reliable and attend strictly',
to business. 765 Market St.. room 3.
CIVIL Service Government Positions — 98S9 ap-
pointxsccts last year; probbaly 10.0CO this
year; only common school education required
for examination: catalogue information free
Columbian Correspondence- College, Wash.D.C.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push : good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
LEARN proofreading: sits, secured. $15 to $23
wky. Home Correspondence School. Phlla.
COATMAKER wanted, to work In store; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st.
CARRIAGE woodworker: steady job; goc-1
wages. LARKIN & CO.. 657 Howard st.
SOLDERERS, boys and girls. Apply Americas
Can Co., factory, ""th and Townsend sts.
WANTED — Vest operator, male or female.
Apply factory S. N. WOOD. 27 Geary st.
CARRIAGE bodymaker. ¦
Striper and varnisher. -
O'BRIEN & SONS. Polk st. and Q. Q. ave.
WANTED^ — An up-to-date downtown barber
shop. Box 310. Call office.
WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co.
RESTAURANT waiters and bus boys as ex-
tras for ' Shrlners* convention; no fee. 326
Montgomery st.
WANTED— Recruits for th« martn» corps. V.
B navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read -English. For
further Information, apply at tha Recnzitlnx
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco*
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young maa
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary aad ref-
erences. Box 213. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still -
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 larz*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shoo for sale: first-class, up-to-dats
modern furniture: centrally located. Sec
Barbera* Union. Spreckels bldr.. 925 Market.
WANTED by Master Plasters" Association —
Union lathers, $2 50 per M. Box 18.jBulId-
ers' Exchange. 11 10*4 Broadway. Oakland.
MEN wanted at 1155 Market st. to buy United
Workingmen's $3 50 shoes at $1 50.
PANTS maker for country. Apply REIS3
EROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Man who understands th» florist
business. 500 Haight st. '
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. CA.R.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army »hoe«.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 3th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart -I
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 23s
to 60c. B63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
ALL sizes men's shoes slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; fr«»
'bus and baggaga to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st.
For Employment Wanted, Etc., Set
Page Thirty-Eight.THE SAjtf FRANCISCO GALL., SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
37
REAL ESTATE-^-QITY— -FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE, - " . '
:-.;V ; -(Established January. 1858.)
•••:. . • REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
. FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery st, opposite Lick
House.
MISSION ST.— INSIDE.
$26,000 — Business bio"*, stores and flats; pay-
Ing large steady Income; 80x100.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000— O'Farrell st. near Polk; large house;
lot 22:llxl2O-torear street; this Is an Improv-
ing location.
HOWARD STREET.
$8000 — Very cheap; store, flat and rear house;
rent $70; lot 25x90; Howard, bet. 10th & Ilth.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000 — Market-st. gore lot. intersection of
Ridley st. «9 feet on Market; covered with
stores; this is a, bargain. ...
$14.000— Stockton St., near Sutter; 3-story
brick building; paying good interest; new and
substantial improvements.
' $11,000— Green at, near Fillmore; large, well-
built residence; 14 .rooms, bath, all modern;
lot 33x137:6. ¦
Flats renting for $26; on Seventeenth st, nr.
Castro; lot 25x100; price $3500. t
$5000 — San Jose ave.. near Twenty-ninth st;
flats and store;' rents $52; lot 36x81. >
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st.
near Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.
$5WW — Turk st., near Steiner; good 8-room
house, with stable In rear,' lot 25x137:6; large
yard.
$F250 — 23d-st.'' residence; corner: near San-
chez; 37:9x65; contains 8 rooma and bath.
LOTS. '-V' 1 :¦•''
Only $8000—100x125; east line Castro st.be-
tweeen 17th and 18th; cheapest lots In this lo-
cation; street work all done; Market-st car
system passes.
Hyde st, near Union; 2 lots, 20 feet each;
only 1 $3200. .
$3000— Corner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
Bts.; 50x100; a good corner to Improve.
$2750 — Hayes et; north line, near Central
ave.; 25x137:6.
$1250 — Twenty-second st, near Florida, 25x
104.
$S00— 2d ave., near Point I^ob'os; 25x120.
$2500— Steiner st., near Waller; a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6.
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st
and Point Lobos ave. ; -a choice line of lots,
$550 and $600, on easy terms if desired.- :
; MADISON & BURKE.
, ., . ,- - ,., '" 30 Montgomery. st ,
LYON & HOAG. /' ••' "
118 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3,250-^-Beautiful • home on Diamond at, near
Seventeenth; two-story house of 6
rooms and bath; all modern conveni-
ences; finished in good style; this is
an exceptional bargain.
$10,750 — Rent $100; three splendid new flats of
; .7 rooms and bath each; besides attic
(floored); well located in Western Ad-
dition; lot 27:6x95.
$2,750 — Easy terms; Fourth ave., near Clem-
ent; lot 25x120, with a modern bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
in excellent condition. • •
$2,500— Florida st., near Twenty-fifth; 25x100;
two-story bay-window house of 6 large
¦ ' rooms and bath; brick foundation; also
stable for three horses. : •
¦ THREE NEW FLATS.
$9,250 — Rent $1080 per year; contain 6 ror>ms,
bath and all conveniences; lots of light
: and sun; close to McAllister, st, and
¦ only a short distance from the Park.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$6,000 — Rent $600 per year: two nice flats near
Clayton and Halcht sts.; 5' and 6
rooms, bath and all conveniences;
25x125.
A CORNER INVESTMENT.
$11,000— Rent $1200 per year: best part of Fol-
' som st; , two. .splendid buildings con-
¦ ' • ' . tainlng 5 convenient flats; all rented;
mortgage of $3250 can remain.
SWELL UP-TO-DATE.
$13,500 — Rent $135; two handsome flats; Pacific
¦ ' '¦:'-, -Heights; contain 11 and 9 rooms and 3
. - baths; rooms beautifully decorated;
magnificent marine, view; charming
situation on the north slope of Pacific
Heights.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
fO.OOO-^-Good two-story house on Hyde St., one
. . ' block from the City. Hall; contains 0
- rooma and 2 baths. \
$3,000— Lot alone worth $2,000; two-story bay-
. •: ' window -house' on Noe. near. ISth;
8 rooma and bath; lot 25x105.
$20,500^— Two stores and two flats, on Hayes
' st. ; housti and stable in rear: total
-.::: rent** ?I42; lot 40x120; through to
\- ' ¦ rear street. -" -•¦•¦¦ •¦•> • ¦ "¦•
$8,000 — Rent $83: Folsom.' near Eighth; splen-
did building, containing store and 4
living rooms and 2. flats above of 6
rooms each; always rented; this Is a
big bargain. ¦
Send for our complete list of property for
rale In all sections of the city.
• ' " LYON & HOAG,.
;-' ;" 116 Montgomery at.
LARGEST BANK SALE 4 ..
OF BUILDING LOTS
Ever offered at your own price.
FOURTEENTH ST. '
"""" \~Z : SlT" 25™ 25 S0~" ~~"
°" $10,000. ?» «; g
¦g-w-ooo-- g j § 3
8 $3,500 ; $l.C50. H
w ¦ . - . ¦ .¦ 5 _
2 £ $3,500 $1,500. S '4
; z ' >¦ ¦,
tQ ' K
$ cl $3,500 $l,5C0. |» $
s > 3 so 00 -WjMa ¦•;_;»
MUST BE SOLD. MUST BE SOLD.
Greatest slaughter of business lota ever of-
fered for genuine sale. Adjoining lots in blocks
porth, south, east and west of thin heaviest
transfer corner of the United Railways are held
and being sold for at least 25 to (50 per cent in
advance of the figures shown in above diagram.
The old' buildings. are now removed and Iota
ready for building; all the 3 streets are sewered
and accepted by the city; corner crossing* and
stone curbing all In, also stone sidewalks.
N. H. LANG & CO., 40 Montgomery at >
Corner Sutter. : , ¦ , Phon« Grant 123,
McAFEE BROTHERS, ~~ "
f 105 MONTGOMERY ST.
Cheapest lot in Presidio Heights; Clay st,
between Maple and Cherry; size 25x102:8; price
reduced to S 1700. . . ¦
Modern fiats — Three -fine swell flats in Pan-
handle: 7 rooms and bath each: rent $100; lot
25x137:6; price $11,000. .
Only $4000 — Now house of 7 rooms and bath
on College Heights; picturesque' location; fine
view and sheltered from winds and fog; lot
28x150; quick aa'.e wanted.
A flne investment— Splendid, private hotel;
103 rooms and large corner. lot, downtown; rent
$600 monthly; .this property Is owned by an
estate and the . heirs are very anxious to sell ;
price 590.000.
Cheap cottage — Near 12th and Harrison sts.;
5 rooms;. needs some repairing; only $1000.
Marine view lot— On Pacific Heights; 63:lr
137:0 feet; $175 per foot: cheaper than any-
thing else qftered in the vicinity, -y. -;.*i
'¦-Ashbury St.; large lot. 37x90 feet: cars pass;
price $1500;, no reasonable offer refused; make
an offer. • ¦ ¦
New flats— This side of Van Ness ave.; 5 and
G rooms; rent $57.50; prlqe only $6000.
• Bernal. Heights— Cheapest lots in town; price
$200; must sell. - "-•¦¦.¦
Send for our plats of lots In all parts of
town. MeAFKR BROTHERS.
'. 108 Montgomery at.
HOTEL SITE. . ? ..•.'-.'•'.-¦».
Beautiful location for a. summer and winter
resort; we offer for sale five acres of land in
..sunny -Mill -'VaUey, Cal.. within 2 ¦ minute*'
• walk of Mill Valley depot,-- For particulars
call or address McAFEE BROTHERS.
• • 103 Montgomery «t.
HAWK3 & SKELTON. ' ~~ \ TT"
- Rents 1 Collected and - Entlr* Charge Tak.«n
of Property. - -
$6000— North side Lombard st, near Hydt;
old house: .10 rooms: nice garden; sheltered
from winds: flne view; lot 57x137.
$14,000 — Lot* on Drumnv at, near Market
22:11x70: only $610 per. foot: new building go-
ing up adjoining and another close by;. will pay
well to Improve. ' ¦ .-: ¦-.. •
$2600— Pays big Interest; $360 rents per an-
num: Zoe st. near, Third and Brannan; In good
repair. '¦ ' '¦ ¦ •- ¦ • _ . • •
, $3500-TNorth aide Eutter st. between Baker
and Lyon; 'good house. 7 rooma and bath.' .
$10,000 — Large corner lot. - Twelfth ave. and
B st, between- park and Point Lobos ave.;
240x225; good : investment • . . v
$4000— Lot on Leavenworth st. Bear Green;
60x60; close to Hyde or Union st cars; will
paywell If Improved.
$4500 — Lot -on Chestnut at., near Stockton;
68:9x137; street accepted:- will pay well to im-
prove; will divide in three lota If desired. - .
$6500 — Lot S. side Jackson st, near -Walnut;
60x100; -near cars and Presidio. : . ¦ ¦:
HAWKS ft SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
$8000—3 FLATS; - Fell ' gt. THE . McCABTHY
€»„ 646 M*rk«t «V '. '
REAI/13STATE— CITY— FOR SALE, j
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st. I
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
' ' '
At our salesroom, 638 Market street,
at 12 o'clock noon. . ¦¦-'••
GROVE-STREET FLATS.
South side {Nos. 40*3 to 435) Grove at., 25
feet east of Octavia; three flats, 5, 5, 6 rooms
. and bath, renting for $ti28 per annum; lot, 25
' xSO feet.
"f,'.' TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.' ." :-U-
Southeast side (No. 263) Perry st, 75 feet
eaitof Fifth; five well built flats of 5 and 4
rooms. In good condition, renting for $600 per
annum; lot 2BxS0 feet. ,. >.v -. •¦, ./:.-,, •-.
BRANNAN-STREET BUSINESS PROP-
ERTY.
Southeast side (Nos. 400 to 400B) Brannan
st, 75 feet southwest of Third; modern two-
story building, containing store and two flata !
of 0, 6 rooms and bath each; rents $65 per 1
menth; large lot, 30:6x75 feet.
FELL-STREET RESIDENCE.
South .side (No. 525) Fell. st. .85 feet west
of Laguna; a substantial well built residence
of O rooma and bath, renting for $30 per
month; large double frontage lot. 25x120 feet,
through to Hickory ave.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. v
North side (Nos. 2712-2712^) Bush St.. 175
feet west of Broderick; 2 flats, 5-6 rooms and
bath, on the sunny eide of street; rents $540
per annum; lot 25x137:6 feet.
CA LIFORNI A-STREET* BUILDING LOT.
! North side of California st, 101:3 feet west
of Baker: an elegant level building lot in one
of the choicest parts of -the 'city; lot 25x
:: 127:S',i feet. *
BUSH-STREET HOME. ._
North Bide (No. 2714) Bush, street, 200 feet
west of Broderick; a pretty cottage of 6 rooms
and bath, with large basement, in excellent
condition; lot 25x137:6 feet , ..
FILLMORE-STREET BUILDING LOT.
East side of Fillmore st, 24 feet south of
Waller; a flne level lot, with street work all
done, and ready for building; lot 24x81:3 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS. '
West line of Noe. st, 225 feet south of
Eighteenth; three flne building lota In the
Mission Warm Belt; lots 25x1*5 feet each.
¦ EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS.
East line Paris ave.. 91:8 feet north of
Amazon ave.; situate in block 23 of Excelsior
Homestead; lots each 25x100 feet.
- EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
I . ,03S Market st. ,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C38 MARKET STREET.
$15,000 — California st, near Polk; grand key
lot, 50x137:6 feet;, old Improvements
pay $1020 per annum; elegant site for
a family hotel; would consider a trade
of Western 'Addition residence as part
payment.
$75,000 — Corner: Market st.. near 12th; 75x124
feet; three frontages.
PAYS OVER IS PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$2. tOO — Rents for $480 per annum; near 14th
# and Mission sts. ; store, 3 flats and sta-
ble for 4 horses; in good condition;
brick foundation, etc.; street bltumln-
. lzed; cement sidewalk; lot 25xS0 feet
$27,500— North side o'f O'Farrell st. near Ma-
son; lot 27:6x137 ;6 feet.
$8.500— On California st, near Hyde; hand-
some modern residence of 10 rooms,
bath and large basement; substantial-
ly built; in good condition; this build-
ing could be 'easily remodeled into
fiats at a small expense; lot 27:6x137:6
feet.
$30.000r-Northwest comer on Battery st nr
. Postofflce; lot 45:10x137:8 feet.
$8.000 — TShree new modern flats on the beat
part of Ashbury at; renta $870j>er an-
num; these arc gilt-edge flats; rented
.to first-class tenants; lot 25x106:8.
$15,000— Stockton st, nr. Post; lot 37:6x137:6
, . feet.
$4,250— Two well-buljt houses of . 6 rooma.
bath, etc.. In the best part of the Mlu-
• sion warm belt; rents $552 per annum;
this property is in first-class condition
and always rented.
MODERN COTTAGES.
EASY raW^^^HpT BE . SOLD.
$1.800— Steiner st. near Filbert; 4 rooma and
bath.
$5,000 — Clayton at, nr. Frederick: 7 rooms
and bath.
l?'£5~° ak fit - nr - Scott : 6 rooma and bath.
$4,000 — Oak st., nr. Laguna; 5 rooms and bath.
?1.800 — 22d st, nr. Sanchez; 4 rooms and bath
$2,150— 25th st. nr. Diamond; 0 rooma and
..bath.- - - ¦ ¦ . .-
$2,100— 27th at, nr. Sanchez; 5 rooms.
$3,750 — Alpine st; nr. Ridley; 7 rooma. .
$4,250r-Waller st, nr. Scott; 0 rooms and bath
$l,i50— Army st, nr. Castro; 4 rooms and
bath.
We have a new list of cottages In all parts of
the city, which we can *ell on very easy term*
£2 .0? wriVror g%fe£ *g lnte ? 8t « ?^
EABTON, ELDRIDGB & CO., .
'. - - . C38 Market st
F. B. SURRYHNE,' ~ "
' .BE AL ESTATE AGENT,
\ -^ 138 Montgomery at
( VALLEJO ST.— CHEAP HOME
$4000— Vallejo st., nr. Leavenworth: close to
Hyde-st. cable line; nice 2-story residence of V
rooms and bath; large lot 25x112-6.
.,- F , IFTEENTH ST -— CHEAP FLATS.
$4^00— Fifteenth et.. close to Market; 2 new
modem n*ts of 6 rooms each: rents $38 Der
month; lot 25x115. Tv'i.""
$8750— Oak st; 3 new modern flats; rents $70
$5000— Rausch 6t; rents $50 per month.
$5750— Hayes St.. close to the park; very
cheap; 2 modern flats, 6 rooms each; rents $45
per month; lot 25x100
- $10.000— Broderick st. nr. McAllister; 3 flats;
rents. Sft2 50. ,'
$12,500— McAllister st; rents $105
$10.75Or-Buih Et., inside of Larkin; rents $85.
$S500— Broderick st. nr, McAllister; rents
$70. . .
$10,000— Turk at., nr. Fillmore: 3 flats; rents
?$o. • - ...... , -
. $12,750— LRrkin st : 3 flats: rents $110.
$10.5C0— Pine st; 3 flats;: rents $00
$2100— Big bargain: McAllister at. cottage,
contains 7 rooma and bath; lot 25x90; close to
the park; easy terms if desired.
Get my monthly price list of property for
sale In all parts of the city. ; - . ¦¦¦
ALMOST completed, .1 handsome new resi-
dences; there is nothing like, them for com-
pletenefs of every detail that goes to make
a model and up-to-date home; these build-
ings contain from 8 to 10 rooms, large recep-
tion hails, settees built In, beam ceilings,
artistic brick mantels for wood or coal, nat-
ural wood tlnlEh, hardwood floors, sand fin-
ished walls, tinted and decorated In the rich-
est of colors, finest of ¦ plumbing, 3 wash
. stands, book cases built in rooms, marble
• stairs to all entrances: see them and be con-
vinced; lots are 25x137:6; marine view from i
each; on east side of Steiner at, near Union- !
$7000. Union Bt, bet. Steiner and Fillmore.
$6500 and $7500; terms if d«alred. Apply on
premises; • ¦.....,-•¦.. '¦ ...
ALSO
Elegant 2-flat building, of 7 and 10 rooms,
on the S.E. cor. Union and Steiner sts.; Just
belug completed; rent for $97 60 per month-
grand marine view; terms If required - —
Cheap — A splendid N.W. corner lot 85x80:
nicely Improved, with a swell cottage, con-
taining all. the' latest Improvements;, this
place must be seen to be appreciated ; will
. sell for $3750— term* If desired. Apply at
4079 24th at. or 26 Montgomery St.. room 8.
S. A. BORN.
Builder and Dealer in Real Eatate.
$1000— $200 CASH. bal. $11 per mo.; new mod-
ern 4-room, hard finished cottage, brick foun-
dation; 30 minutes' ride from Kearny st;
• good neighborhood. ; .
$1700— $500 cash, bal: $16 80 per mo." ele-
gant 5-room and bath, hard finished dwelling-
new and modern; lovely location. .
- $10,500— Elegant building of 3 flata. on Du-
boce Park; guaranteed rental $110; terms
easy.
WELL8 & SAUNDERg, 630 Market pt
PRETTY new cottage for sale on easy terms; 4
.rooms, bath, basement: unfinished rooms in
attic; lot 25x100; price $1700; Mississippi at
near 25th. .Also pretty new cottage on very
eacy terms: 6 rooms; bath; basement; every
: convenience; modern plumbing; lot 25x129
overlooking Golden Gate Park; Tenth ave'
bet J and.K sts.; price $2750. J. BASH-
; FORD, 431 McAllister at. ' *
$1200— ¦ ~ ' • . T" : '
BARGAIN. -..-¦
.. Noe at.' near 18th st; lot 28:6x105; cot-
. tage of 4 rooms; bank mort. of f.750 can re-
main; quit paying rent; own your own home;
only $450 required. '
• . J. BROWNSTONE,
• 11 Montgomery st
JUST completed:: elegant new up-to-date flats
of 5 and 6 rooma on Carl «t.. between Stan-
yan and Willard. Apply to F. J. DONAHUE
builder,- from 1 to'- 4 -p. m., Sunday. -
FOR 6ale— 2-story frams building, corner Eddy
-and Fsrfen ave., bet. Pierce ana Scott sts •
store, with basement,' S rooma and bath in
rear; 2 flata in second story. Inquire 2 Far-
ren ave.; no agent. . .
FOR /SALE— $32.0QQ,. ,net:. splendid new corner
property Jn finest "residence part of Western
Addition: cannot be duplicated for $40 000-
no agents; deal direct with owner; no com-
mission: closest Investigation; specifications
submitted. Rooms .714-714- Emma Boreckela
bldg. fronr9:30 to 5:30. pprecKCia
SACRIFICE — House, 8 rooma, $1400; term*
, same as paying rent. Apply 8.E. corner Ala-
hama and Montcalm Bts. :
5-ROOM cottage, stable. 2 lota; Bom« cash
down; $10 monthly. 3504 M'««'"i «*.
RE AI. ESTATE— CITY— FOR . SAXE.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,-
-: 200 Montgomery st...epp. Mills bldg.
:;': A-FEW SNAPS
; IN BIG-PAYING INVESTMENTS.
¦ " ' ' ¦ PATS 12 PER CENT NET.
$3,500 — Rents $4S0; five flats in first-class con-
dition; never Idle; near Fifth and
Folsoax sts. -¦..,',•-.»¦-
$5,250— Rents $624: three handsome, well-
built flats of 6 rooms and bath; cost
, $GSOO to build; near Fourth st
$13,000— Rents $1230; main business street: 3
blocks north of Market; lot 25x120;
two frontages:
$3,000— Rents $1080; new modern building;
store and 2 fiats; near 17th st.
$2,750— Rents $330; snap; three attractive
flats: never Idle: $1250 bank mortgage.
$o,250— Rents $672; to close an estate"; 40-foot
frontage; five flats, near 4th and Fol-
" ¦ som sts.
$4,000 — Rents $4C2: brick building, atore and
¦•/; IodKlner- house; near Montgomery and
Jackson sts.
$4,500— Rents $504; lot 30x100; two flats and
rear house; nr. 16th and Valencia sts.
$5,250 — Two attractive, bay-windowed flats.
6 and 7 rooms and bath; north side of
Turk «t. ,
$6,250 — Rents §SC4; four, new, modem flats;
- lot 27:4xSO; close to Park Panhandle;
1 block Haisht-st cars.
$17,000— Rents $1860; three new, modern flats
of 8 room* and bath; all rented; lot
V*-'; :27:Cxl00; Pacific Heights.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
EASIEST TERMS EVER OFFERED.
$1,000 cash, balance on installments equal to
rent?; Just completed: two modern
flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
. . - $52, $50; Hyde-st. cars pass.
. SEE THIS TO-DAY.
Agent on property from 0 :30 a. m. to 3 p. m.
LOCATION.
Nos. 2642 to 2656 Hyde st. cor. North Point
»t., overlooking the bay.
UNOBSTRUCTED MARINE VIEW.
Hyde-8t cars pass the property.
NELSON," JOHNSON & CO..
¦ 205 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills bldg.
FOR Sale — As a whole or In subdivision*. C0-
vara lot. south line Union et. ; 137:6 'feet east
- of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.. 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES a BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
324 Montgomery at , .-=¦-:¦
A SNAP — Neat new cottage, $800; terms same
as paying rent- Apply S.E. corner Alabama
and Montcalm gta.
LOT 28. 35 or 75x120. with or without tm-
! provements; 1%- blocks from park- entrance;
north side. Address box 311. Call office.
CHEAP elegant NW. corner lot: 24th and Fair
Oaks sts. .Apply D. A. CURTIN. room 24.
third floor. Mills building.
LOT 17th ave.. next to Fulton st! THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market at
REAL ESTATE— COCKTRY— For Sals
AT your own figure; will positively be sold to
• the highest bidder on or before 15th inst,
\100 acres as a whole or In size tracts to suit;
-take my advice, act at once and secure a
"snap", bargain as a whole or tha cream of
this ideally located tract of excellent land
at an unprecedented aacrinc«\* for it must be
sold at once, 30 acres of which la extra
choice creek bottom, dark sediment loam;
perfect garden soil; adapted to alfalfa, ber-
ries, tomatoes, etc., requiring no irrigation;
now cropped to corn; 60 acres valley loam
(no adobe), cropped to grain; 10 acres low
hill.- wooded with oak: no waste; creek form3
rear boundary; unsurpassed for vineyard or
orchard; ideal land, location and climate for
poultry; a first-class general farm; will take
, less than half what art joining land can bo
bought for; located adjoining city Hmlt3. less
than half-mile from the depot, steamer land-
• Ing. - the factories, the Immense canneries
and business center of Napa (5000 population;
46 miles from S. F. ; best climate and surest
crops In the State).
Remember. I have listed with me and am
personally, acquainted with every ranch for
sale in Napa County. . so when going to in-
spect this land I'll show dozens of other
places to Judge and select - from..
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
1000 ACRES, near railroad, Sonoma County:
well -watered; fine stock and grape land;
splendid improvements; onlj* $0 per acre.
133 acres- one mile from railroad; suita-
ble for resort ; $2500 cash, balance easy terms.
45. acres, all in bearing fruit: flne 7-room
house; tools, stock and all implements; will
net 10 per cent; $6500.
80 acres near Cloverdale; good timber land;
$10C0.
11 acres near Mayfleld: valley land; plenty
water: good Improvements; $l."C0: part cash. '
12 acres near Vacaville; -9 acres In fruit;
all bearing; cheap for $1200.
Several small farms In Santa Cruz Mount-
ains; fruit and timber tracts in all parts of
State for sale ami exchange.
EITEL & CA.RR0LL. 1033 Market, rms. 2-3.
$0500— tTEN acrsa choice fall bearing apricots,
. Bartlett pears; unexcelled marine and land-
scape view; -choicest eastern portion Hay-
wards. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
: . 460 and 462 Eighth st; Oakland.
$23,000 — REFUSED once $45,000; 125-acre farm
near San Lorenzo; 35 acres fruit, 90 acres
-grain; house, barn; living ' spring.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.i
:--..¦ 460 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
$3000— STOCK ranch of 120 acres between Su-
nol and Niles.' Alameda County; house, barn
. fruit trees, running water piped to house;
; exchange- for Improved suburban property
I around Oakland. ¦ •
i • .- - GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth at., Oakland.
——FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO I
. Small tracts, $60 to $80 per acre, on Rancho
' Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general fanning. Apply
1 to The Cotati Co.., 302 California st, for
pamphlets and Information.
2-STORY brick buiiaing, 70x100. on tlie best
corner In Santa Cruz, paying now S per cent
¦. on $22,000; with some alterations can be mada
to pay 7 per cent.net on $30,000; this property
can b-2 had at above figures and on very
favorable terms. Box 390. Santa CrU2.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
Son L*8ndro road, Elmhurst: electric cars
• -pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
I semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner. Elmhuret
A BARGAIN — For sale or exchange for city
property, good country road house; must be
. sold on account of owner leaving city. Apply
on premises. San Leandro and Yoakum ave.
2S0 ACRES unimproved land. Tuolumne Coun-
ty: 160 acres Marlposa County; wood and
water; on county road: choap cash. Partic-
ulars, box 35S. Call office.
ASK for our list ¦ of suburban and country
, properties: land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg.,
San Francisco. •'
FOR SALE— 88 acres good level valley land
-: cheap; 1 mile west of Rutherford. Particu-
lars at the place. Box 03. St. Helena. Cal.
JIANY little ranches; one hour from S. F
JAMES MORSE. C32 Market st, room 5.
Write Wells, Saunders & Co., Petaluma. for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains:, new catalogue sent free.
Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market
, COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber. mined. EMM0N3 & SOX. Mills hldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
, .Call. 16 pages, sent ¦ to any address In th«
¦ ¦ United States or Canada one year for $1.
pn'tne-f rwl<*. •
POINT IlICHJIOXD REAL ESTATE.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
. CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east side of San Francisco Bay. adjoining
Point Richmond. ! The- terminus of the Santa,
Fe and Southern Pacific : R. R. Cos.. location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s- refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men will be em-
ployed.- Think what . the City of Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to' Invest? ¦ Do . you- want to make
money?- Don't hesitate while yAu have the
chance to buy lota in the City of Richmond.
FROM- $180. FROM ?1SO:
$5 PER MONTH. $5 PER MONTH
SEE THESE LOTS! '
. SEE THESE LOTS!
Some of the best corners and Inside lots left.
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
property.
Railroad Depot at each end of tract-
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe. '
Send for official mop ; mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.),
Room 162, Crocker building. 8. F. '
REXOnEAL^ ESTATE.. ,
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS. -«—
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
RENO .....LOTS r. RENO
. $75 ............. TO $40O
In the choicest section of the city of Reno
; Nev. One of the most progressive and proml
lsing cities cf the Weat Each lot fas a
frontage of 50 feet and an average depth of
140 feet. The -best opportunity ever offered
• for small Investments. A chance to double
,your ¦ money In one year. ; Andrews. Carnegie
L has recently given Reno & free library to
, cost $15,000. and by an act of Congress a
. publlo building and a new courthouse are to
- be built - The Southern Pacific Railroad Com.
¦ pany's new shops . are -also going to Reno
Lots going. like hoi cakes. Get youra now.
For further particulars apply to'
K. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
11* Montgomery &*
nEAL ESTATE — CITY.-~rOR SALE.
G. H. CMBSEN & CO , -— — ~~
$40.O00-Rent s $335 rer^mo^^SSSlI
inside of Van Ness eve. ; <j massive and
e.ejantly appointed flats of 7-8 rooms
end bath each; recently constructed;
f£txiiw er : K0Od im P rov ements;
$33.500— Rents $175 per month: Mission Ft. nr.
?mr,r : i S ° hoice hol<lin &. « Properly
mproved, would pay handsomely;
l£5Sr » • fw S frcnt: owner an * b -
•->« <u>n f e..tee. must sell.
$-.0,000— Choice corner on Polk st: improve-
Sn£ n **x7S r 3 6tCreS aad flat aDd
*22,800-R enle JM50 Per' month; Hayes st;
a splendid piece of business property:
$16%00-?- -.3x120 to rear street.
"soouZS °~ er^!* Mission *«•: near Sixth.
5^5.WK>— Rents $120 per month; Pine et.. near
aV ¦' 6Ubs «antial flats of 7-8 rooms
*.}'.?. . baih °ach, vith rear cottage; 34x
$12.500— Rents $03 r?r month; choice corner on
Page Et; 3 blocks from Market St.;
rtcre end 2 flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
rented 1 " p * rlect order » nd steadily
*12.000— Rents $117 00 ptr month; Webfter St.:
fiu.uoo— Rentf $<)3 per month; choice corner on
fiSnu° es 1 " ECOd itn *- ir0Vt?rR * nts :
5S.500— Fulton st.. near Park Panhandle: an
SL^."i, * wo ' stor3 '^ bay - wir<Jow resi-
$T.=00-R^ : &S&
*5 <m_v- iVH ng ' aloa * worth the monev.
$5,000-. allejo s V . near Jones; substantial
two-story bay-w-incow residence of (J
rfJT- 8 en<J bath, bri-k foundation, etc.;
$5 «00_n^ ra s T, tea?t of S-™ p an remain.
?o.ZOO— Rents $21; olose to Urkln and Post
f rf,i : i, e ?2 d 1 two - Ftor V dwelling; 6 rooms
~ o(M 2&^in W v5 r «£ et lr ° nt; Wi " Fead:ly
$o,000— Rents $30 per month; near 15th and
Howard f ts. ; t flats of 5-<j rooms each;
**i-^L n - erfect order; 25x80.
*_,15O— Sacramento st.. near Locust; a deslr-
«->i-«_! ble buildin S lot. 27:Gxl27:&
»-.loO— Sacramento et.. near Locust; north
line; a desirable building lot 27'Gx
«^inn J2<:S; a bargain.
5-.100— Renta $2S per month: near 4th and
.-- • . Bryant sts.; 4 flats of 3-4 rooms each-
• • a snap.
__Sr" . or write for cur Real Estate Record
SrWS^cVt 1 ?. ° f tr0P *« les fCr «* '« S
Latest pocket map of San Prancisct) 25c
G. H. VMBSEN &'cO.. "
- No. 14 Montgomery st
~ ; G. H. VMBSEN & CO.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION.
AVCTION.
AVCTION.
AUCTION.
AVCTION.
. _ AVCTION.
On Investment residence and unimproved
ffi° f^ e£f » a 1 t '. 0 H r ,^i lesroom Monday, June
_16, 1302. at 12 o clock noon.
BRIDGET MAGUIRE ESTATE.
Executor's Bale.
•OS-10-12 Grove tt. and 221-223 Birch ave
near Van Ness ave. ; good Improvements,
consist of 3 three-story houses of 8-11 rooms
ar.d bath each, and 4 flats of 4-5 rooms each '
on Birch ave.; rents $170 per month: lot 55
xl20, 2 fronts get; subject to confirmation by
Superior Court.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTT.
By Order of the Verein Eintract.
1516-153S Folsom st.. north line, between Ilth
ar.d 12th ets.; splendid improvements con-
sist of 4 rtores of 4 rooms each and 8 flats
cf 6 rooms and bath each, all in perfect or-
der and steadily rented. Rents $232 per
month, which are low and can readily be
increased; lot 100x90.
BRYANT ST. INVESTMENT.
714 Bryact Ft. and 30 Madison ave.. between
Sth and Cth Ets. : improvements consist of 3
flets of 5-6 rooms and bath each, a^id 2 cot-
tages of 4 roc-ms each; rents $5W per month;
lot 2 frontares.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
20-31-U3-35 JJledeman Et, southwest corner
OFarrell st., between Scott and DevUadero
tts. : improvements consist cf 4 flats of 4-5
rooms and bath each; rents $50 per month;
filwa>s rented; lot 45x60.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
1810 Vallejo st. north line, between Octavia
and Laguna Fts. ; bay-window residence of 7
rooms and bath, sen-ant's room, etc.; briclc
foundation, ctcne wsilks. nicely situated and
ccnr.mandlng a. marine view; lot 24:3x125.
OAK ET. F*LATS.
S33-041 Oak st. tittween Pierce and Scott sts.;
pood building, coMeins 2 flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath each; rents $47 50 per month; 25
xl37:G.
PERRY ST. INVESTMENT.
21 Perry Et., off Third St.. between Harrison
ar.d Bryact els.. 2 flats of 4-5 rooms each;
rents f2<J per month; lot 25x7."i.
MISSION COTTAGE.
117 Jersey et. between Church and Sanchez.
24th and 20th sts. ; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, stable, etc.; lot 5oxll4.
Vr. VS-AINWRIGHT ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
The two following properties will be offered
to close the above estate. Subject to con- I
finnatlcn by the Court.
No. 1.-
S8th ave.. west line, between "V" and "W*
Fts. ; £5zIS0; being portion of Outside Land
Block 228.
No. 2.
Lot 6, block "E," Peralta Heights, Oakland,
Alameda Co.
Fcr cat&louge and further particulars, ap-
ply to
G. H. t'MBSEN "& CO.,
14 Montgomery St
CENTER & SPADER.
11 Montgomery 6t. CLick House Block).
$7,250 — Rents $72 50; 3 new modern flata, 8, 6
and 6 rooms; near Market and Fif-
teenth ets. ; lot 25x96; $3250 cash, bal-
ence on mortgage; call for particulars.
$17,500 — California st. near Fillmore; 2 mod-
ern residences of 8 and 9 rooms; large
lot. 51x132.
$14,000 — Leavenworth st. near Pine; substan-
tial inside investment, renting for
Si. ';."'! per annum; 2 frontages; large
lot. 40x60.
$2,500— Rents $250; flats on Roundel Ft., near
Eixteenth: very cheap property.
$5,750 — Large corner lot on Folsom st; 85x
122:6; old improvements; rents $42 50.
$16,000 — Rents $1740: new flat*; In V»'estern Ad-
dition; lot 25x132.
*2. 700— 45x80; on De Long ave.. nr. Frederick.
$5,500 — Rents $800 per annum; modern flats on
Twenty-second et., near Valencia. 5
and (J rooms; never vacant; lot 25x114;
this property must be sold immediately.
$15,000 — Rents $1450; Buchanan 6t. ; Just fin-
ished 3 up-to-date flats, 7, 8 and 8
rooms; porcelain tubs; patent wash
trays; electric appliances, etc.; lot
25xU0.
$«,500— f720 per annum; 6 flats; always rent-
ed; larre lot. 44x80; Clara St., nr. 6th.
J12.SO0 — Choice NE. cor. Howard and Twenty-
fourth ets. : modern building; flats and
stores; rents $110; lot 35x92.
$7,500— Howard et.. near Twenty- fourth: two
2-etorr houses: rent* $45: lot 60x92; 30
feet unimproved; very cheap. • '
$6,000— Rents SC3: Clementina St.. nr. Fourth;
etcre and flats: lot 25x80; snap.
$6,000 — Oak Et. near FiUmore; 2 modern bay-
wladow flats; rents $47 50; lot 25x137:6.
$1,600— -Florida st. near Nineteenth: cottage,
stable and outbuilding*; 25x100: cheap.
-'-; CENTER & SPADER.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114 Montgomery st.
$2, ©00 — Cottage, 5 rooms; Laguna et: cheap.
$4,000 — Cottage, 7 rooms; mortgage $3000 can
remain: large lot 25x114.
$4,000 — Geary, near Fillmore; 7-room resi-
dence. -
$5,000 — Two-story house of 8 rooms; near
Park.
$5,000^ — 8-room residence; north side Fulton
st; lot 25x137:6.
$3,000 — 2 flats; rents $2SS; Pierce et
$4,000—2 flat*; rent* $37 CO.
$5,500 — Rents $540; 2 flats; $1000 cash, rent
pays balance.
$7.500 — 6 and 7 rooma; rents $S10. .- r ,-'-._.
114.500—3 new flats of 8 rooms; rents $1560;
key lot. 25x127:8%.
$1.600 — Lot S0xS5; flne view; offer wanted.
$1,700 — Sacramento Bt; lot 25x107 :7%.
52,100 — Near Fillmore Bt. north side; marine
view; 27:«xlOO.
$2.250— Korth side Fulton «t: 25x137:6.
$(3,000 — Northeast corner on Halght at.: 30x
112:6; cement sidewalks; bitumlnlzed
Ftreet*.
$T,500 — feOxlOO; corner In Panhandle.
JOSEPH STRAUB...' S50 MARKET ST.
RENTS COLLECTED.
*2500 — New cottage of S rooma and bath;
.basement; lot 20x02:6; half block from cars.
$3000— Clementina st.; residence of 0 rooms I
"d bath: good condition: let 20x80. i
$3500— Filbert st, nr. Fillmore; 2 cottages
• .£? d 5 r 001 "*: lot 2C:Sxl20; two frontages. |
$4000 — Chestnut at. near Powell; 3-atory '
dopble house; lot 40x120.
J5000— Washington St.; 2-atory brick bldg.
cf ® ™ Kr -' ai »4 bathe: basement; lot 20x67:6.
$5000— Oary et. opp. Hamilton Square;
residence of 8 rooms and batji.
$.000— Harrison «., nr. Fourth; 6 flats. In
• 8n /->^£S?" : r^ ntB $6 ° P* r month; lot 25x86.
$«5.000— Shotwell K t. ; 12 flats and residence
of fl roomi"; lot 100x120; part cash
Ehaeta Co.— «40 acres of white oak.
JOSEPH STRAUB, S50 Market St.
$K00— Now beinr completed: Church st, near
. Eighteenth st, 2 elegant up-to-date flata,
with e%-ery modern convenience; lower con-
talna 5 rooms, bath and pantry; upper con- I
taina e room* and bath oa one floor and 4 |
chambers above, with hot and cold water, |
ras and electric lighting complete; dining j
roome wainscoted and beamed ceilings; walls
end ceiling* will be tinted and frescoed;
large lot; sunny exposure.
FOR SALE — 5. large rooms and bath, large;
basement and driveway for horse, with all i
modern Improvements; lot 30x114. 345 jer- ;
gey st., near Castro.
l/)T 17th ave.. next to Fulton et THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO Land and Ferry Company offera
at low prices and easy terms lots, blocks,
acres and villa sites, choice suburban homes
and business property; SO minutes from San
Francisco; ciimate and scenery superb; can't
be excelled ; call on the agent for particulars.
THOMAS McMAHON, 323 Montgomery at.
or at office of company, Sausalito.
UJ3AL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CHICKEN ranch; fully equipped; near city;
all poultry; horse, buggy, furniture, etc.;
exchange for lodging-house or good restaur-
ant; $1200.
. • • G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st.. between 5th and 6th.
$2500— COTTAGE of 7 rooms, large* lot. clear;
trade for small fruit ranch, Sonoma County.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
' 460 Tenth St.. Oakland.
160 ACRES In Kern County. Sunset district;
160 acres in Monterey County, near San Mi-
guel; 2 lota near Ocean View station. S. F. ;
'£ lots near Mission st. and 6 miles; prlco
$5500. or trade for clear Improved or unlm-
proved property near bay. 3504 Mission st.
$5000 — FOR aale. near Haywards. 10-acre fruit
farm, modern improvements; would exchanxa
for improved residence property and aom»
money, in San Francisco or Oakland. Owner,
2026 Sixteenth st. San Francisco.
• FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ada. R. dark. Agua Caliente. Sonoma. Valley.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
REAL JBSTATB.
FORECLOSURE AND ESTATE PROPERTIES
1 SACRIFICED.
This Is a chance to secure a home cheap.
Call or write Alameda Land Company.
$1000 buys 5 rooms and bath; lot 40x30.
$1500 buya 5 rooma and bath; modern; verr.
desirable. ,
• $1900 buys 7 rooma and bath; lot 40x207.
$1650 buya 6 rooma and bath; lot 43x150- a
snap.
$2500 buys 6 rooms and bath; cost over $1000;
must be sold.
$2500 buys 8 rooms and bath; lot 35x150;
foreclosure.
$3000 buys a beautiful 6-room cottage; beat
location.
$2S50 buya 7-room cottage; lot 60x100; •
snap.
$5500 buys 8-room homa; near Central ave.;
a bargain.
$4500 buya a, great bargain; 8 room* and
bath; lot 62x150.
If you want to secure a bargain, see this
property:
Homes Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park at. Alameda.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
Successors to
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1422 Park sC.
Established 1877.
UNIMPROVED.
$1100—100x203; on Briggs ave.. nr. High st|
a ana?.
$900—50x150; a .northwest corner of Buena
Vista ave.
$1300—50x150; on Alameda ave.. bet. Unloa
and Lafayette sts.
$25C0 — On St. Charles at. near th» bay]
100x125; a flne buy.
- $3000— On Central ave.. nr. Unloa st; 50*
,207:6.
. IMPROVED.
$1800— 6-room modern cottag* In yery best
location.
$2250— Fine 5-room modern cottagt; closa ta
station and schools; easy terms.
$3250^ — New modern 6-roora cottaga on Broad-
way; .largo lot; $500 down, balance $25 pea
month. • . \
$3000— 6-room modern house, near the bay;
a ereat buy: terms. MnW
97500 — Elegant home of 10 rooms; near tha
bay lawns stable and complete.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1422 Park st.
FOR sale, rent or exchange — An elegant 8-
. room modern house, all conveniences: fln«
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain;
$4000.
Must "be sold; a large 8-room house: lot 60s
150; near Chestnut st station. See the abova
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY, 1500 Park st.. AlameJa.
MODERN pottage of 5 large rooms and bath,
mantel, hall. 7-foot basement, good briclc
foundation, fruit trees and flne lawn: corner
lot. 56x125; street work all done and stona
walks laid: sunny frontage; choice location.
For particulars apply to owner, 1D25 Park st,
Alameda. "
HOUSES, cottages and lota for sale near
schools and stations: also for rent, furnished
and unfurnished houses. Apply to CHARLE3
ADAMS & CO.. Bay Station. Alameda.
$1900 — INSTALLMENT: new cottage 6 rooma
, and bath: modern. Key at 1522 Santa
Clara ave.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
NICELY furnished "house to rent to refined
party who will board ownera; references.
Box 391. Call. ¦
¦ ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
NEWLY furnished rooms, with board: two
minutes' walk from Morton-st station. nar»
row gauge. 1541 -Central ave.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
1 OR 2 furnished rooma In Alameda: convenient
to trains: board. Box 4283. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY KEAlt ESTATE.
A SPECIAL. LIST OF HOUSES.
$1000 — Good 4-room house; paved street
$1230— Six-room house; 5 blocks of U. C |
$13C0— Lot 90xJ00; 5 rooms; barn; fruit tree*.
$1600— Nice 6-room cottage; nearly new.
$20(jO — Two-atory, 7-roora house; «lce place.
$2350 Five rooma; nice; east of Shattuck.
$2.100 Large lot; 5 rooms; trees and flowers.
S250O Two-atory; 8 rooms; new; good location.
$2750— Six rooms; nice location; close In.
$3000— Substantial bouse; 9 rms.; east of Grove,
$3750 — Nine rooms; nice location; close .In.
$3g50 Nice; 8 rooms; flne location; east o£
Shattuck.
$39C0^ very nice; 7 rooms; strictly modern; un»
location; east of Shattuck.
$1250 — Elegant;- new; handsome large rooms;
the finest house for sale; special bar-
gains.
$4500 — New; 9 rooms: flne location; close in.
$4650— Elegant: 9 rooms; handsome grounds.
34750— Nearly new; 14 rooms; nice; close lnj
flne for roomers.
SGOCO— Very nice; U-room house; cholco location.
111,000^ — Elegant mansion; large grounds;
choice location.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2128 Center st.
$2700^ NEW house of 6 rooms and bath; street
v work all done; south frontage: lot 40x100.
LITTLE ft WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave.«
Berkeley. '
$2100— NEW house of 6 rooini and bath; lot 43
xll2; near station and electric cars; easy?
terms. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shat*
tuck.ave.. Berkeley.
$3500 — HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath: atreat
work all done: lot 45x135; near station and
university. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110
Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. ;
$2700—8 ROOMS and bath; street .work all
done; lot 50x143; south frontage; windmill
and tank. LITTLE & WOOLSEY. 2110 ShaU
tuck ave.. Berkeley. . .'-
$6500 — GOOD 10-room and bath modern house]
3 acres of land; flne orchard; good stable,
chicken houses, etc.; a beautiful home; 4
snap. LITTLE AND WOOLSEY. 2110 Shat-
tuck ave.. Berkeley.
MUST BE SOLD — A new 6-roora cottage wlta
all modern conveniences; bath, pantry, etc.:
only 2 blocks from station.- atorea. churches,
etc.. and one block from proposed site o£
Santa Fe depot; price $1700. $100 down, halo
ance same as rent. HOME REALTY CO.
A snap! — Neat house of 3 large rooms.
¦ bath, etc.: large lot: close to cars, atores.
etc.; prlc« $800; easy terms. HOME REALTTC
CO.
New 5-room high-basement cottage; every-
thing up to date; 2 blocks from station oa
. one of main streets; a genuine snap; pries
$ISCO: terroa to suit HOME REALTY CO..
PERKINS &.. CARRIOEB.. Mgrs., . Loria
Station, Berkeley. Cal. .
R. C. STAATS CO.. 2137 Shattuck ave.
r 5 lots and 5-room cottage, close to car line,
$HC0. .
: . Cottage, 0 rooms, new; macadamized
' street r cement walks;" easy terms: $1800.
Cottage, 6 rooms, everything modern, $2250.
U-room house; barn; cement walks; mac
a dam i zed street; $2700.
Beautiful home, near the university: mod*
era and new; $4750.
Lota on macadamized streets, nicely lo-
cated, $450 and upward.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
R. . C.' STAATS CO., 2137 Shattuck- ave..
Berkeley Station. ' . .
809— $1600; 50x135; 5 ROOMS, bath and base-
| ment
?-•j 91CP-$1850; 40x100; 3 rooms and bath; ne-ar
¦ and modern. . ~ . ' . - _
, 006 — $2300; 40x123; new modern cottage 5
¦ rooms and bath; basement; tinted .walls, etc.;
. near Berryman. "
H. D. niwrN. Lorln , Station.
NO. 311 — $35CO; 7-room house, modern In every
respect;. sanitary plumbing; lot 40x135; east
¦ ofiTelegraph ave. and south of U. C. grounds;
this must be seen to be appreciated.
No. 267— $4200; 8-room house: south front;
: large"- lot, in Scenic Park Tract; a bargain.
; • S. S. QUACKENBUSH. Real Estate and In-
surance, 2171 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
For Additional. Classified Advert!**-
meats Sea Page TMrty-tizit. > t
TTiiaaaP 1 ¦ si tV 1 ¦iriiWlllf 11 FIT mil— si Msa*silssa»alliBi»BiTBam T flf
1 HEAL 7 ESTATE~ClTY^---yOR-'1<ALrii.
i BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery St. ¦ . ¦
: $..*», 000 — Waehinpton st. - corner residence; 5
bedrooms, 2 j baths, conservatory,
music room, etc.; lot 56x102.
! f".00O— KllUs Bt. near Pierce; house of 12
rtxjins and bath; rent $50; lot 27:Cx
137:6. •
I S8G.OO0 — Kearny Et. investment, not far from
1 Market; 4-story and basement brick
building. /
j $21,000— Guerrero et. corner; rents $1SOO net
per annum; 3 stores and 2 flats; lot
£7x80. -V -.
$3,CO0 — Dorlund Et, near -Guerrero and 18th;
2-ftory and basement liouse of S rooms
and bath; lot 25:8x115; double front-
age.
$60,000 — Mission Et; 2^story and basement
brick building; rents $3000 per annum;
lot 45:10x137:6. . . ;•
$8,000 — Jackson st., near Montgomery: 2-
j ' •- ¦, ttory ar.d basement brick • building;
let 25x60; rents $720 per annum.
: $20,000 — Eddy st, near Van Ness ave.; lot 50
, . xl2t» to rear street; 6 flats; rents
1 £l!4tH) ucr annum.
$18,000— Broadway, ntar Dupont st; lot 70x
¦ 137; frame building used for business
1 purposes.
I ?20,000 — Clay Et., near Dupont; 3-story and
abatement brick building; rents $170
: per month. v>-<-
j ?'J0,000— Rents J200 per month; lot 46x137:6;
Pacific *t. near Kearny; brick build-
i ing.
• $13,000 — Hents S147 per month: Washington et..
near Dupont; 3-story and basement
• . brick building.
i S70.000 — Third tt. corner; extra, large lot:
stores and lodgings; rents. $300' per
1 month. : '-':¦
; $3,300— Castro st., near 14th; residence of 8
rooms and 2 baths; lot 26x100.
, $11,000 — Rents $ioo;per month; Oak St., facing
: Golden Gatje Park; 3 new flats; lot 25
. xl37:6. \
. $16,000— O'Farrell «t., near Gough; lot 27:6x
I • 1S7:O; 3 flats; rents $105 per month. •
J $35,000 — Powell st., vicinity of Union Square;
: 3-story and basement bay-window
; building.
] $2,500 — Nintli ave.. near Golden Gate Park
1 . _. « Sunset district); bay-window cottage
! of 7 rooms and bath; lot 2oxl20.
$6,000 — Larkin &t, near Washington; house
; ; of « rooms and bath; lot 30x137:6; ex-
i cellent location for flats.
$3,100 — John st., near Washington and Powell:
; . house of S rooms and bath; rents $30
per month.
I $1,300 — Nevada tt., near Courtland;- cottage of
I 5 rooms, bath, basement, barn, chicken
house, etc. ; lot 25x140; double front-
age; ehort distance from Misslon-st.
cars. - - ¦
SPECK & CO., 007 Market St., opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectore.
Full charge taken of property for Absentee
Owners. " t
Investments, $2500 to $875.000.. -..'I
Residences, $2000 to $150,000.
Unimproved property, in all parts of the city.
$102,500— Grant ave.. close to Market st; 50 ft.
frontage; very substantial brick build-
ing.
$70.000— One- third block from Market st and
close to Hlbernia Bank; stores and
lodging-house; let 72x77 ft
$67,500^ — Brick building; stores and offices; lot
70x108 feet; 2 frontages; rents $575.
$50,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner, inside of Larkin:
1 70x77 :« feet; rents • $2S5; mortgage
$24,000 can remain. - .
$35,000— McAUlster-st corner. 85x9S; good im-
provements ; rents $220; east of La-
guna.-
$35,000— Sans6me-st. corner; 70x130 feet; rents
$257. • ••.
$30.000 — Fine business corner: 3 stores and 6
flats; building cost $25,000; lot 68:9x
71; rents $2450 per year.
$30,000 — Geary et-., near Jones; flne Improve-
ments; rent $1£5. 1
$22,500 — North Beach gore corner. 75x110 feet;
ttore-s and flats; rents $215. .
$20,500 — O"Farrell-6t. investment; east of
Leavenworth: lot 34:4x137:6; flne site
' for apartment or lodging-house.
$1S,000— Ellis st, near Larkin; 2 frontages;
rents $140.
$12,500 — Three fine new flats; block trom Park
Panhandle; rents $112 50. ~
$10.750 — Modern flats, near Hyde and Sutter
Ets. ; rents $1K). ¦
$10,500— Rents $103; lot 50x50; downtown in-
vestment • - - . .
$5,500— Geary-st corner; C2 feet frontage; half
of property improved; a cheap buy.
LOTS. -
$250— Let 25x114 ft, near Castro and 27th;
.must sell.
$1,300— Golden Gate ave.. north side; lot 23x
110 feet.
$8,000 — Octavia-st corner; unsurpassed marine
... ~~ view: feet.
$4o,000— Sutter Ft. 50 ft. frontage; close to the
Lace House.
SPECK & CO.. C67 Market et
BOVEE. TOY &. SONTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected, Houses Rented and Full
' Charge Taken of Property. ' --
624 MARKET STREET. ¦¦-¦-.-
$18,500. 3 modern flats on Geary st,: north
side, close to Jones; rents $140 per month. !
$5000. Pine Et., near Webster; north sidef.
choice residence of 7 rooms and. bath; laun-
dry room: brick foundation; lot 25x110 feet;
income $40 per month.
$8000. An elegant Baker-st. residence/ con-
taining 9 rooms and bath; close to Panhandle.
$47,000. Six etrictly up-to-date flats, east
of Van Ness ave.. north of Market st. ; lot
50x120 feet; rents *330 per month.
$45,000. Lot 37:6x137:6. close to Union
Square and Pacific-Union Club.
$12,000. Post- st. near Laguna; 2 modern
up-to-date flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
cement foundation ; lot 25:10x120 feet; rents
$80 r>er month. . . ¦ - •*¦
$24,000. Front at. near California; good,
substantial 2-story and basement brick build-
Ing; lot 22:11x97:6 feet; rents $123 per month.
$1500. Cottage of 5 rooms, in flne condition;
Summer St., near Eighth and Howard Bts.
$5650. . Fine 2-story residence, containing 8
rooms and* bath; lot 25x122:0; rent $35 per
month: Howard st. close to 17th.
(6000. Buchanan Bt, near Post: 2-story res-
idence, containing 7 rooms and bath; lot 24x
ti7:6 feet; rent ?35 per month.
$0500. Butter Bt. close to Broderick: 2
choice flats, containing 0 and 7 rooms and
bath: lot 25x110; rent $47 50 per month.
$7000. Post ft., near Baker; 3 flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath; lot i.'T:CxllO feet; rents $70
per month. - . .
$12,000. Washington 6t. north side, near
Eteiner st; an elegant 2-story residence, con-
taining & rooms and bath. In finest condition;
key lot. size 47:6x02:4 feet
S10.5O0. Turk bt, near Fillmore; 2 beauti-
ful flat*, brand new. containing 6 and 6 rooms
and bath; rents • $85 per month;- lot 45x137. «
feet; flats are built on 22:0 feet, leaving 22:6
feet to build more flats if required. . - ,
$5000. Second ave.. near Clement, large H-
room residence ; high basement; rented at pres-
ent for $40 per month; could be changed into
fluts at very little expense and made to pay
a fine rate of interest on investment.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. .
No one can beat our offerings. .
$500 to $1000^ — Graded Sunset lota; $10
monthly.
$100 to $450— Ocean Boulevard lots; $3
monthly. v
$400 to JSOO — Richmond lots: all bargains.
. Sunset Branch Office — Ninth ave., near H at.
$150 AND $250 EACH. ,
Don't miss seeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mission-st. electric cars.
Level; no grading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission st- and China or
Brazil aves. .-, •-.;?.-
$i000, $1500 to $3000— Modern cottages; best
locations; all bargains; easy terms.
.-..-, SOL GETZ.& BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle -building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.... REAL ESTATE
¦ 28 Montgomery St., room 11.
Rents collected; fuil charge taken of property.
550,000 — Fine 87:6 feet Turk-st corner; well
in; modern building; will pay big.
$43,600 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment bouse, flats.
eto. - ¦ :
$10,000— Webster, nr. Washington; 50-ft. front;
suitable for physician. . \
$10.000 — 3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105.
$2,375 — Cheap: north side Clay at, near Lyon;
flne adjoining lot.- 27:6x100, for S3000.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS — LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
• A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 28 Montgomery; room
j 11. Branch office. SUnset. 1215 Ninth ave.
; $7200 — GUERRERO at.: elegant residence. 12
rooms, bath; barn; lot 50x155.
$6250 — Howard st; 7 rooms, bath; lot 34:10
xllO, to rear street.
Post st. nr. Buchanan; lot 50x137:0.
Post st.. nr. Van Ness ave.; lot 27:6x120, to
rear street ¦
$5000 — Guerrero St.; 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms,
bath.
$1400— 17th-at cottage, 4 rooma, bath.
$750 — Corner lot. 25x100.
$450— Lot 25x100; Sanchez st. nr. 10th.
Also -several fine paying business corners.
PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall So,.
YOU will never secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap aa now; cot-
¦ tai-f « and building lots at & bargain. THIS-
' TLETON. 272 Sadowa at. Ocean View. . -:-.
NEW fiats In choicest residence district of Mis-
Elon warm belt; Ean Jo«e ave.. bet 24th and
and 2."th sts.; pays 1 per cent HENRY
FEIGE, builder, 1068 Capp st ,
$1«,OC>0 — 3~MODERN. elegant Sutter-st. flata.
THE MCCARTHY' CO.. 646 Market st.
$ 10. WO— 3 lie w flat*, W. A.; income 12 per cent
JAMES MORSE, C32 Market st, room 6.
$8000— 3 flats; Fell st THE MCCARTHY CO.,
046 Market at
j REAJL^ ESTATE— CITY~FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., .
' . KEAL EtaT ATE AGENTS, ---/>'¦
¦ ¦ . . 218-220 Montgomery st
¦ 111 *
LOTS "AT BARGAIN PRICES, •'
$1500 to $2000; block bounded by Post, Brod-
;erlck and. Geary sts.; 25x137:6 ft. each; cor-
ners at slijrht increase.
$3,500 — Harrison st, near Seventh; 3-story
: ' frame building; rents $35; lot 20x00 ft
.to rear street; mortgage $1000 can re-
main; a. bargain..
$11,000 — McAllister st.. ' near 'Fillmore; store
and two floors above;' two- tenants;
rent $S5; lot 20x100 ft; $6000 cash
and balance 6 per cent will buy this;
inquire at once.
" $5,500 — Twenty-sixth at, near .Mission: 2-
¦.--:. story - hotel, 28 rooms; rent $48; lot
43:0x100 ft; elegant investment.
$7,0<K> — Union st. near Broderick; marine
view; flats just built, 0-7 rooms; rent
550; lot 27:tixl87:ti ft. / .
$14,000 — Laguna-st. corner, near Vallejo; grand
;:. marine view; 12 rooms, bath; lot 28x
• . 107 ft. and all modern improvements;
' : a bargain.
$12,000 — Willard st.. near Carl: fine realdence;
.6 bedrooms: lot 75x105 ft.'
$9,000— Sutter st, near Devisadero: lot 57:3x
• 114 feet, 1 with larse old-fashioned resi-
._ -dence and stable; cheap. • .
$u,600— Church st.. nr. 16th; three cottages;
._' rent ?37; lot 50x100:3 feet. - -
$.5,000 — Clay Bt; near Lyon; key lot; ready
. - M to build on: 27:6x100 feet; a bargain.
$3,500 — Washington et, near Cherry; grand
marine view; lot 35x118 feet; a posi-
tive bargain. ¦ • -.-. ...
?e.iSO-^Leavenworth st, near Broadway; four
2-story houses in good condition; rents
$54: lot- 80x60 feet.
$4,i50 — Clay st, near Fillmore; good 2-story
. . house . of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
1O2:SV4; best sectton in- the Western
•no~. Addition. r ,.-
$2,300 each— Dolores st, near 15th; lots
.„_ ,. -23x95 feet each; ready to build on. !
$25,000 — Mission Et, near Sth; lot 39x160 feet
to rear street: imurovementa brick
building and 2 frame houses in rear;
flne investment. .
$6,500— Halght st.. near Pierce; fine residence
. of 1Q rooms and bath; owner would
stay as tenant -at $45 per month on a
«i »i» lease; lot 25x137:6 feet. "
$1,200 — One-half of outside land block;' 212x
• 240 feet, irregular; a bargain for an
¦ ¦ Investor.
$2,800— Folsom st, near 15th; lot 25xl22:0G
feet; a bartain.
$J,000 — Hayes .st. nr. Webster: a fine build-
ing lot, 24:10x137:6; ready to build on.
_ : Get a copy of our printed list of properties
fi 1 !^^ 1 ' 30 - B UCKBEE & CO..
. 218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. ~- T~ "
• T - 22 MONTGOMERY ST.
*7 nn^.4 VEN Y9 RTH - ST - INVESTMENT.
$7,000— Rents $04; 4 houses of -5 rooms and
bath each; large lot 80x60; bank mort-
gage of $4000 can remain.
*fi.™^T> VOWELL '- ST - BARGAIN.
D.^; Eent! * 47 3 °: s nata "ear Bush'st.
*£%&$. HEI GHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
*jo,tuu — LArge handsome corner residence on
best part of the Heights; large lot;
every room sunny. .
<-, nnnn S, U S§IAN HILL MANSION.
$30,000— ElegAit residence of 18 rooJas etc.-
full 60-vara on NW. corner/particu-
¦ _ la r R and permit to Inspect at office.
£1% J555S ID i° "EIGHTS RESIDENCE
?w.ouu — Handsome home of 0 rooms and larso
reception hall; rooms in rfttic can be
finished; large lot, 32x127:8
BEAUTIFUL CLARENDON HEIGHTS
• ,, HOME. '
$11,000— Grand two-story and basement resi-
dence, of 8 rooms and porcelain bath;
servants' rooms, wineroom, etc. in
basement; grounds splendidly laid out
: .- in lawn and flowers;, grand view- lot
75x106:3. ..-,,,..
H ARRISON-ST. BARGAIN.
55,000 — Lot 50x76. with coal yard, house and
- sta b'e: rents $30; lot alone worth $7500.
„ CLAY-ST. CORNER. RESIDENCE.
$7,000 — Fine house of 9 rooms and bath; large
lot. 30x110. : ¦• • . ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦ • ,
.„ _„„ „ WEBSTER-ST. FLATS.
$13.500— Rents $115; tenants pay water: 3 new
flats. 7 rooms.and bath each; lot 27:8
MAGNIFICENT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RES-
IDENCE.
$30,000— Elegant mansion of 15 rooms and all
.. I .latest appointments; - only . Just com-
' pleted; macnlflcent marine view; par.
. . . ticulars at office.
•^ CHEAP RICHMOND CORNER.
$2,760— Corner of California st and 4th ave.;
64x100; a. snan.- ¦• .- --
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS.
$1,000 — Rents $822 pier annum; 4 flats of 3
- - •-. and 4 rooms • and • bath each; always
rented; lot 32:7x137:6. .• ..-
. FILLMORE STREET INVESTMENT. ,'¦
-$6,600— Rents $556 per annum; 3 houses; lot
• ' J 48x81:3. iWt .,f ... ; f ; .
""-FINE SIXTH-STREET * PROPERTY.
$10,000— Bents S2S. can be increased; lot 77x
¦¦/ 75, covered with 3-story buildings; 6
• . stores and 6 flats; make ofter. -
' MANUFACTURING SITE. " ¦
$.15,000 — 45:10x137:6. - on Fremont, . near Fol-
./ som: renting: at prefent for $75.
. SACRAMENTO-STREET COTTAGE.
$5.600— North eide, near Devisadero; lot 27:0
xl27:8; cottage and basement; 7 7 rooms
. . ... and porcelain bath.
O. P. BALDWIN & SON.
VONRHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. (Inc.).
;- ..;¦>• 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
I] . IMPROVED.
67:6x137:6 — North line Turk et,' nr. Taylor.
Bush st., near Powell; 30x112:6; v.'ooden Im-
provements. . ¦- -.' ' ' -
$10,500— Page, nr. Laguna; 27:6x120 to rear
street; house of 8 rooms and bath.
$10,500— Thlr 1-st corner; pays 10 per ccr.t.
$10.000— Fillmore. nr. Pacific; 30x112:6; house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $65. .
$10,000— Clay St.. nr. Front; brick building.
$10,000 — Pacific ave., nr. Scott; 27x127:8:
modern house of 13 rooms and :S baths.
.$8250— Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street; house of 9 rooms and 2 rear flats;
rents $64. - : - . ' •
$7500— Bush, nr. Larkin; 22:11x137:6; 2 flats;,
rents $55. .¦¦"•'
• $7600 — Union, nr. Dupont: '23x69; three-story
bouee; rents $75. :-• • ¦•• .-, . -. , .
$7600 — Clay, nr. Baker; 27:6x85; 2 bay-win-
dow fiats; rents $05. . .
$6250— Vallejo, nr. Mason; 98x137:6, with L
33:6x60; flats and cottages: rents $9<}. •
I $(i000— Cor.' ISth and Colllngwood; 28x75;
store and flat. ' • ¦ ¦
$6000 — Post st, near Baker; 41:3x137:0. '
$o500 — Lombard st, near. Jones; . 2,7:6x100;
2 flats; rents $32.
$1000— Bartiett, nr. 24th; 25x117:6. to rear
street; 2 bay-window flats; rents $38.
> $4500— Clara st; store and flats;. rents $48.
$4500 — Cor. Geary und Broderick; 25x82; i
flate; rents $34.
$3.50 — Liberty at, near Guerrero: .25x114;
2-story -bay-window residence; rent $20 60.
. UNIMPROVED.
$17,000— Sansome, near Green; 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster: 25x137:6.
$11,250 — Mason, nr. Jackson; 74:9x137:6; will
subdivide.
$0500— Corner Gough and Filbert; 137: fa
10 $5Wjfc-Green. nea F Polk: 50x115. I
$7000— Cor. Turk and Devisadero; 27x56:11.
$5500— Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10xlJ7:fl.
$5250— Corner Jackson, and Locust; 37:Git
• $3500^Devl*adero. near Union: 33x100.
$2500— Union, nr. Webster; 34:4^x137:6.
. .*2100 Cor. 21st and. Hampshire; aox»7:<5.
f 2000— Elizabeth, near Diamond: 51:8x114.
$1400— McAllister, near Willard; 25x100.
• $1300 per lot— Eryant ave., near Twenty-
sixth; 2 lots, each 28:3x100. , ,
$1000 — 17th, near Uranus: 25x100.
$1000— Eanchei. near Eighteenth; 25x105:
$800 per lot— York, near Twenty-sixth; 2 lota,
each 26:8x100. „,„ ¦ ; ' .
400 lots. $200 ' to $400; terms easy; electric
road paeses. . . . ¦
McAFEE BROTHERS,
-¦-•'¦ 10S ' Montgomery st
MUST BE SOLD. - . •
I 160-acre ranch, one and a half miles from
Sonoma; mostly fruit and vines; good modern
house; finest site in Sonoma County; crop,
Block . furniture and farming • Implements go
with the place: price only $8000. :
FINEST BARGAIN-IN THE STATE.
174-acre fruit and stock ranch; Sonoma Coun-
ty, about 30 miles from San Francisco; 20 acres
Bartlett pears will clear over $2000 this year;
balance of ranch ' rented ¦ for cash; plenty of
water; fine deep soil that will grow anything;
situated on Petaluma Creek; house and farming
implements go with the place; price $15,000, or
will sell orchard separately; best of reasons for
celling, or will accept part exchange for across
the bay Property.^ ACRES
2 miles from Felton, 10 miles .from Santa
Crui; 40 acres cultivated; 25 acres, choice ap-
ples, balance pasture; hard finished dwelling;
5 rooms,- barn. etc.;. running water piped; will
make a. flne home; crop this year about 4000
boxes apples;' trees Just coming into bearing;
price $5000. « ¦ ' ¦-¦¦¦-•
5O ACHES, NEAR REDWOOD CITT. -
Finely improved; good income; price $10,000;
half cash, balance mortgage; make offer.
1 .; MCAFEE BROTHERS,
¦ 108 Montgomery st '
J; Ia. COQKE--26 Montgomery at. J. L. . COOKE
-. ... ....'...... San- Francisco •
...Great Bargains, Oakland-and Alameda...
. Elegant 1 home properties at half price.
'¦All. sizes, all kinds. . . ,
Great opportunity.
.. 'Secure a~ home. ' '
-jvspeclal Bargains .Special Bargains
't>o not watt. : Secure a home ¦ ' ; ••
,• While you can. get it cheap. ¦, -\
Leave your, address . with me . '
- and I will find /you a. Bargain.
You wlj! be surprised at the . • :
Small outlay of money which' will
• . purchase you a home.
. Don't- forget to call on or ¦ ' ¦ -, : ' •
¦ address J. L. > COOKB, \ '
¦ .- , - S& Montgomery at, San Francisco.
; Cut this out and save address. .-,,- -=--'\
$18,000— 3 MODERN, elegant Sutter-st. flats.
. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st' .:
2 GOOD -building lots, . 50x100, , $250. Apply
«13 Twenty-seventh a* W?*\THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1902.
38
FR UITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
PRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1300 — 2 ACRES of land in Fruitvale; fine
locality. • .
$110O-^-i-room cottage; lot 37:6x175; fenced;
easy terms. , - •
$1200 — 1-room cottage; lot 75x150: fenced:
well and pump; chicken yards and 100 chick-
ens. " ., ,
$1300 — 5-room cottage and bath; $100 cash,
balance on easy terms; near train.'
$1250— 4-room cottage and bath; lot. 25x150.
$1750-^-8-room house; bath, basement, waah
trays; lot 25x140.
$2250— 6-room cottace, all modern; lot 50x
125 .. with alley; in Fruitvale.
S1650 — 6-room house, modern; lot 30x125;
$300 cash, balance to suit.
Apply ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1151 23d ave.. East Oakland.
$3500 — COST $8500; beautiful surburban home;
one acre: new house of 8 rooms and
'bath: all In flne condition; inclosed
driveway: fruit trees; outbuildings;
",;.,' chicken-houses and brooders; shrub-
bery, flowers; live aviary; 2 fountains;
near electric line.
$3500— Cost $6500; an ideal home; 3 acres, all
.in fruit; flne chicken ranch; new cot-
tage; fine well and tank; plenty of
water; stable; chicken houses and
brooders.
- 'V GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
400 Tenth St.. Oakland.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL MILL VALLEY.
Forty Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
vve have subdivided into lots the finest prop-
erty in Mill Valley, known as the Sunnyside
Tract: the streets have been graded, 'and will
be sewered and macadamized; the tract com-
, mands splendid views of Mount Tamalpais
and the bay; the North Shore Railroad is
about to expend $2,000,000 to perfect an Ideal
ferry and electric line system to Mill Valley.
Send now for plats and prices and go and
look at the property.
- McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-3?r~charge
unless successful. Room 810. 927 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
AT THE McDOWELL DRESSMAKING AND
MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Leading system of dress cutting.
Best course in millinery.
Depot for latest patterns.
1019 Market st, above Sixth.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
cortet-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EpUCATIONAL. _ _ ' '
EDUCATIONAL department of the Young
Men's Christian Association — Day classes;
small classes or individual instruction in
commercial, .scientific and high school
branches; hours and terms may Jje arranged
with the educational director at Ihe building.
Night school — Students are admitted at any
time to the classes in stenography, type-
writing, arithmetic, .bookkeeping, penman-
Ehip and steam engineering.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. - •
A— IF. Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
nets College, -1236 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free!
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
. school for the. university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
PIANIST (lady) ; good accompanist and sight
reader; deslre3 engagements; pupils required.
2755 Bush st. .
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st, for their new catalogue; it is free and the :
nicest in the State.- Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlning, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
KENT Law School, day and night 554 Parrott
Building (Emporium). Send for particulars.
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market gt.
DANCING pupils prepared for the stage or
ballroom. IRVINE'S. 421 Post St.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West deBires pupils. Mm*.
Carusl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.-
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.Oth.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission : Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.:
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
OFFICES.
ORFHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
ntse help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.BIack 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help. ¦
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish moat
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOY31EXT WANTED — FEMALE.
HOUSEKEEPER by neat American woman,
elderly; experienced with the care of chil-
dren; capable the entire work of small laml-
ly; wages $12 to $15. ,Box 268. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants washing or house-
cleaning for Thursday and Saturday. Box
337, Call office.
DRESSMAKER — Perfect fitter and remodelec;
engagements by day; front room to rent. 5K»
Stevenson st. . • •
A GOOD woman wants work; is good' general
worker, fine ' laundress, willing . and strong.
165 Tehama et., near. Third; room 1.
SITUATION wanted by a competent Danish
girl to do second work;, best of references.
Box 4289, Call office. Oakland. :
A GERMAN woman wants a few 'more places
to wash or any kind of work by the day.
Call or address 0 Tehama ' St., near. First.
A YOUNG English lady, with good education,
wishes position in doctor's or business of-
rtce; moderate salary. Address L., ¦ 237. 11th.
RELIABLE woman wishes work , by the day;
washing, ironing, housecleanlng or sewlngj
$1 50 per day. 148 Sixth st., room 22.
TWO Swedish girls" want positions for general
housework. Box 341, Call office. ¦¦
OFFICE position by lady; rapid and accurate
in figures. Address B., box ' 75, Call office.
YQUNG lady, Just .graduated from | business
college, . desires • position aa bookkeeper and
cashier. Address 1 K., 615 Larkin st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; $1; good city
references. Box 338, Call office.'
A ¦ COMPETENT . woman, with i references,
wants work by the day. 230 Broderick st.
SITUATION - wanted by a young and ( willing
girl as nursegirl. . Call at 1021% Natoma st,
between Eleventh and Twelfth. "
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to assist
in general, housework: city or country; refer-
ences. Box 320, Call. -
CHILDREN'S dressmaking; first class, latest
styles and novelties .by day. 1043 Geary st..
A SITUATION a3 , housekeeper^ or care for
rooming-house by. woman of experience. 'Ad-
dress 933 Mission St. 7 ; ' : ¦¦•.-.
GERMAN- woman wishes to do laundry .work
at her own home; special attention paid to
flannel and delicate colored pieces.; 149 4th.
AN EXPERIENCED, reliable young English
¦ woman desires re-engagement, attend con-
finements, : , nurse ¦ sick, charge> of invalid;
charges reasonable; personal and written ref-
erences given. 1214A, Mason st..- phone Clay
LADY wishes nursing by the day; experienced.
824 Green st. - ... ¦-;. : - : . ¦:¦
WINCHESTER House." 44 Third et., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
, bus and baggage 'to, and fronv ferry .;-,¦¦
WANT ': ads * and J subscriptions taken : for The
.' Call > at Eaton. 1 ¦ Bazaar. 639 McAllister ; ft.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Sth Et. Oakland.
$70,000— Fine corner; brick block; cost $50,000
to construct; pays fair Interest; always
rented ; has an assured future value.
$20,000 — Broadway income property; rents
$2,040 per annum; good clean improve-
ments.
$3,650 — Bargain; rents $30 a month: extra flne
flats, near Sth and Broadway; cost
$7000.
$18,000— Cost $27,000; magnificent central home,
with every appointment; heirs forcing
the sale.
$22,000 — Constructed less than two years; for
situation this home cannot be equaled.
$12,500— Cost $25,000; must sacrifice; near
Berkeley; fine 10-room house; 5 acres;
bargain.
$25,000— Cost $50,000; magnificent home on the
heights; never before offered for sale;
the home of one of the most prominent
-^ men of the coast: elaborate throughout.
$8,000 — Elegant home. 12 rooms, central -East
Oakland; specially constructed for a
home at a cost of $22,000; lot 80x150
ft; this is an unusual bargain; we are
«-. forcing the sale this week; investigate.
$7,000 — Lovely Linda Vista home, eight rooms,
*' _„„ stable; specially constructed for owner.
$0,700— Alice st; 12 rooms; lot «0xl50; ad-
»- ««„ mlrably locatfed: owner must sacrifice.
$5,000 T -Frultvaie; ( old-fashioned, though
wholesome, comfortable, modernized
house; nearly one acre; the former
homestead of prominent owner, who
refused $20,000; magnificent homes sur-
rounding. • • ¦
$5,250 — Elegant 10-room, residence; Grove st.;
furnace, etc.; constructed for a home;
.. «~v lot 40x100; east frontage.
$4,600 — Cost $11,000; cozy ten-room sunny cot-
tage; large barn; terraced; northeast
corner. 115x110; choice location; sur-
rounded by flne homes; Lakeside dis-
trict; the owner a non-resident; must
sell.
$3,600 — Two acres; full-bearing orchard; east
of Fruitvale; with new, modern 7-room
¦ house; cost owner $4500; pretty bud-
urban home.
$3,350— Special bargain; on the heights of East
Oakland; 9-room 2-story tower resi-
dence; elegant lot, 70x150; terraced;
cement bulkhead; flne view; fruits and
flowers; mortgage $2350; must sell;
station convenient.
AN INSTALLMENT BARGAIN.
we are authorized to sell almost new 2-story
house. 8 rooms, porcelain bath; loca-
tion witbln few blocks of Broadway
and Fourteenth st. ; right in town;
foreclosure bargain (with one objec-
tion), but a bargain for right party:
$2500. $250 cash. $25 month.
$3,250 — $500 cash, balance flat loan; modern
bay-window cottage; 6 rooms, bath;
high basement; barn; large lot- Ninth
ave.. near East Eighteenth st.
$2.600 — New; Telegraph and 28th st.; neat 7-
room home; lot 50x110; rents $20.
$2,500 — Telegraph and 20th; neat cottage 7
rooms; first-class order. *
$2,000 — A bargain; easy terms: 2 acres and
new, modern cottage, 5 rooms; high
basement; windmill; tank; fruit;
chicken houses; 2 blocks to San Lean-
dro road.
$2.250 — Bank sale; modern, sunny, bay-win-
dow house, 9 rooms; barn; 2 toilets;
front and back rtalrs; floored attic;
basement; laundry; brick foundation;
cement walk; constructed for a home;
terraced lot 35x100: east frontage;
marine view; 2 blocks of cars, school
stores and churches; 5 blocks of locai
station.
$1,350— Bank sale; neat bay-window cottage, 5
rooms; basement; lot 50 feet frontage;
alone worth $1500; 8th ave. and East
17th st; choice location; terms easy.
$900 — Snap; neat, cozy 4-room and bath bay-
window cottage; stable; near Adeline
and Twenty-fourth.
See this.
$1,400 — Snap; good 6-room house; newly paint-
ed; barn and outhouses; lot 100xl25-
must sell this week; East Oakland.
$850— Cozy corner cottage: front 60 feet on
San Leandro electric road; near High
st; fine place for a small store
¦ LOTS.
$60 per foot— Twelfth st, east of Broadway.
See this elegant lot for flats; will gome
day be business property.
$55 foot — Boulevard terrace. Lakeside district;
nothing finer in homesltes •
$2,250— Linda Vista: 70x150; a choice home lot
at a sacrifice.
$6,000— Piedmont: 100x360; absolutely affording
the grandest panorama around San
Francisco.
$5,000— Foreclosure; bargain; 200 feet frontage;
worth to-day $10,000, with still greater
future.
$1.450 — Sacrifice: 66:8x100; near Grove and
Twenty-fifth sts.; must be sold this
week; big bargain.
Correspondence solicited.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
460 and 462 Eighth at.. Oakland.
A Special Snap.
$1450 for fine lot. 66:Sxl00. on a choice
cross street near Grove and Twenty-flf th sts. ;
cost owner $3000; must be sold this
week big speculation for a home or to Im-
prove and sell; act quick.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Exclusive Agents, 460 and 462 Eighth st,
Oakland.
$3000: cost $5000 — Fine modern 2-story build-
ing; saloon and upper flat rented, $25 a
month; on San Leandro road; large double
lot; all fixtures included; immediate offer
wanted; owner going North.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 8th St., Oakland.
KAYSER & CO..
911 Broadway, Oakland.
$900 — Neat sunny cottage; close to Telegraph
ave.; 40-foot frontage; barn, etc.; must
be sold.
$1100 — l%-8tory cottage; 5 rooms, bath; close
to Grove st. ; 30- foot frontage; close to
schools, etc.; $100 cash; balance $15 per
month.
$2400 — Nearly new cottage; 6 rooms; porcelain
bath; tiled sink; driveway; barn; large
lot; just the cost of the house; between
2 car lines: in first-class condition;
terms to suit; decided snap.
$1000 — Lot 64x235; on car line; adjoining first-
class property. It's a great sacrifice,
but must be sold; half cash; balance
easy.
$1600 — The neatest and most sunny cottage In
East Oakland; large lot; flowers, palms,
etc.; close to local and electric cars and
schools; original cost $£900; small pay-
ment down; balance monthly; snap.
$2S00 — 7-room house; large rooms; sunny; flne
location and surroundings; close to
schools, cars, etc.; large lot; $800 cash;
balance bank mortgage.
$3350 — Two flats; right in center of city: close
to 'Washington St.; always rented; pay
15 per cent as Investment; actual value
$4000; must be sold.
$3600— 2-story house; 8 rooms, bath; 8th Bt,
near Washington; 50-foot frontage;
house Is given away; lot worth price
asked: $2000 cash; balance 8 per cent;
bargain.
$5000 wanted; cost owner $7000; nearly new
house; Myrtle st, near 10th; gas and
electrically lighted; there's every Idea of
comfort to be thought of right there;
terms if desired; you ought to see It
$5500 — Actual cost $8500; elegant house; 9
rooms,'" with every convenience; on flne
corner; sunny; no car fare; 3 minutes'
walk to Washington st. ; $2500 cash; bal-
ance bank mortgage. • . -
KAYSER & CO.. 811 Broadway. Oakland.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
903 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BARGAINS.
$15<X> — Fine large lot on north side East 18th
st. between Sth and 6th aves.: 100x100. •
$1500 — Corner lot, 35x100, near the corner
of Sth and Oak sts.
$2000 — 100x100; flne SE. corner lot on Mar-
ket at; very cheap.
$3300 — Harrison-Bt. lot. 60x150; on the 'weat
side; worth $5000. j
$1200— Fine 60-foot lot on Webster St., near
3d; cheapest lot on the street.
MANUFACTURING LOT. -
339x150. on 6th st. near Adeline; only $3500;
has three street frontages.
EAST OAKLAND BLOCK.
Offered in subdivisions; bounded by Third
and Fourth aves., E. Hth And 15th" sts.; any
frontage desired: all lots 150 fe'et deep; prices
$40 per foot and upward. '
ALICE-ST. LOTS.'
Choicest- residence property in Oakland; this
is one of the finest streets here; between 13th
and 19th sts.; lots any frontage; over 130 feet
In depth; only $75 per front foot; pick your
location.
WODWARD, WATSON & CO.,.
903 Broadway; : Oakland.
POR Bale^ — Southern Oakland lot, near electri*
railway; owner must sell; no agents. L O.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL » ESTATE.
SEE THESE TO-DAY.
Two new cottages, just completed;
stylish and complete; select location;
the- best in Oakland; Merrimiac or 28th
st, near Telegraph ave.; doors open
to-day.
$2250 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x100; right in the heart of town;
very sunny; nice location; street work
all done; go and see this right away;
make an offer; owner going, away;
, chance to get a bargain; nearer the
heart of town than 17th and Market
ets.; rental .value $20 per month.
$2760 — Modern cottage of 7 large rooms; brick
foundation; open lawn; lot 50x144 (note
the size); No. 655 29th St., or Caledonia
ave., near Telegraph ave.
$2500 — Modern 6-room cottage .in flne condi-
tion; lot 50x125 feet; stone walks and
open lawn; 1460 Myrtle st, bet. 18th
and 21st sts.; occupied by owner; can
be seen at any time; would' rent for
about $22 60 per month.
$1050— Choice building lot, 50x125 feet: one
block. from San Pablo-ave. electric line
on west side of Market, bet 24th and
26th sts. /
$760 — $100 down and- $15 per month f house of
6 roms; 1 block from West Oakland
station. j
$1250— Cottage of 6 rooms; 700 Sycamore st,
1 near San Pablo ave. ; monthly install-
ments.
$2250 — Cozy house of 6 rooms in first-class
condition; open lawn; sunny side; 674
33d st, near Grove; monthly payments
if desired. . .
$3000 — Extra flne 6-room Eastlake cottage with
all modern Improvements; lot 40x125;
gravel , driveway; fruit trees; stone
walks, etc. ; 1460 Filbert st.
$2250 — Eastlake cottage of 6 rooms, bath,
basement, barn, cement walks, floored
basement; rents for $25; will sell furni-
ture if desired; sunny side; 2 blocks
from Oak-st. station; terms of pay-
ments -if desired.
$2000 — Modern, cozy and sunny; 6 rooms, bay-
window, hall and basement; 30 foot lot;
1186 18th st, near Adeline; handy to
local train. - -
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
¦ 460 Tenth st, Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO., "
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
i \
$1100 — Cottage of 6 rooms on 26th st; corner
lot, 55:6x133 feet; nice location; bargain.
$1550 — Nice 2-story house of 7 rooms; large and
sunny; near electric car line; street
•work done; fine view.
$1700 — A rare bargain; new house of 6 rooms
and bath; modern In every respect;
street work all done; near San Pablo
ave. electric car line.
$2560 — A great bargain: new house. 6 rooms
and bath; modern . in every respect;
first-class locality and central; street
work complete; large lot; easy terms;
look un at once.
$2000 — Two-story 7-room modern residence,
bath, gas, etc.; good barn; lot 40x100;
nice location; fine view; 1 block from
electric car line; 6 blocks from local
station.
' )
E. J: STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$4700 — NO. 15 McCLURE STREET.
House of 8 rooms and bath, finished In tho
latest Colonial and curly redwood finish: high
paneled dining-room, sideboards, nickel and
open plumbing. In fact, an ideal home and
an ideal spot; McCTure street is Blackstono
Hill, elevated and sightly; all residences in
this location ranging in price from $10,000 to
$30,000; property taken under foreclosure :
terms only $1000 cash: first come, first
served. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway Oak-
land, Cal. :
$1750— COST OF LOT ONLY.
Improvements given away; present income
$15 per month; 2 houses of 3 rooms each In
good order and only 2 blocks from the local
train; near business center; owner in desti-
tute circumstances and must sell at once
for the best offer received; seeing Is -believ-
ing. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway Oak-
land. Cal. ¦ •
$47(H> — COR, TWENTIETH AND WEBSTER.
An ideal Colonial, 7 rooms and bath; tha
very latest In everything; large lot; 6 new
houses sold in this location and only this one
left; terms $1000 cash; price Is at least $1000
below the present market value on account
of raise in material and gx.-mnd. J. 8 MY-
ERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$2260 — A NF.W Swiss Colonial 6-room house;
open plumbing; an ideal home; first-class
neighborhood; convenient in every way; terms
$500 cash; It is a beauty and dirt cheap J.
S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
10 HOUSES for sale, with large lots, from
$S00 to $25,000. E. E. BUNCE. 952 Broad-
way. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pottage paid.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
LINDA VISTA — 9-room furnished house, $35,
water paid; 3 mos. 1235 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
IN Oakland; 4 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing, 6 rooms in all; yard; near train; will
sell furniture; reasonable rent', flne chance
DAUB. 916 Filbert st. Oakland. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A — W. E. RUDELL, Fruitvale ave. and Wash-
ington st, Fruitvale, Cal.
$900 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; high basement: attic all
floored; good brick foundation; barn and
chicken houses; abundance of flowers;
lot 40x137; 3 blocks from electric car
line; see this for a bargain; easy terms
if desired.
$1250 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath; all
grained In oak; stationary washtubs;
. city water; lot 37x175; $200 cash, bal-
ance $12 60 per month; a bargain.
$1800 — New modern cottage of 5 large rooms
and bath: mantel, etc.; high basement:
half floored; stationary washtubs; good
brick foundation; large lot, situated on
sunny side of street; only one block from
local station; $300 cash, balance $18 per
month.
$2700 — New 2-story house of 7 rooms; porce-
lain bath; reception hall; all modern im-
provements; gas and electric fixtures-
beautiful view; only one block from elec-
tric car line; lot 60x165; $500 cash bal-
ance $26 per month.
$6600 — Beautiful residence of 12 rooms and
bath; steam heaters; mantel, fireplace
and marble washtsand In each bedroom;
electric bell In each room; etable for 4
horses and carriages; cement plate for
washing carriages; large corner lot, 150x
140 ft. with decorated gardens; trees
and flowers in abundance; an ideal place
for sanitarium or doctor's home treason-
able terms If so desired.
$1250 — Cottage of 5 rooms, bath; mantel, hot
and cold water, large stable; lot 47x101;
only two short blocks from Fruitvale
station; $200 cash, balance $14 40 per
month; must be sold within 5 days; an
opportunity worth Investigating. ¦ '
W. E. RUDELL.
Fruitvale ave. and Washington st. ; office
hours, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays Included.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station.
$1275 — Great bargain; modern cottage of 0
rooms and bath; good brick foundation,
etc.; large barn; fine well, windmill and
. tank; fruit trees and vegetables ; lot 110
xll2; all fenced: an opportunity worth
investigating. .
$1200— Four-room cottage, hard-flnlshed; chick-
en-house; fruit trees and berries: cor-
ner lot, 60x140; located In East Oak-
land. ¦ . .
$1875 — Modern cottage of five rooms; large
*•'•, /ft.' hall; sorcelain bath; tiled sink; seven-
foot basement: rood brick foundation;
fine stable: lot 50x137: all fenced: fine
location; only one block from Fruitvale
station. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' .
$800 — Nice home of two large rooms, hard-
finished and furnished; pantry, "closets
-etc.; stable; flne cow; lot 100x150;
fenced. •
$1550 — New Colonial cottage of four rooms
and attic, bath, etc.: ' lot 50x100;* all
fenced: only two blocks from station;
good nelrhborhood. .
$975— Fine cottage of three large rooms, hard
finished ; cantry, \ closets, etc. ; two
chicken-houses; city water: lot 100x124;
• ; .",¦;, all fenced; two blocks from .electric
cars; easy terms. . .. • . -
$1050— For sale in Eaat Oakland; cozy cottage
of 3 rooms and ¦ bath; . pantry, : closets,
patent toilet, high: basement,, partly
floored, etc.; one block from electric
' cars and five blocks from local' station;
easy terms. ' ; ¦.. .;¦ • .-¦'- ¦ j. . ¦¦ ... ;
$2050 — New modern cottage of 8 rooms; . large
hall: porcelain bath, marble washstand,
stationary tuba; 7-foot basement: good
- brick foundation ; chicken-house ; lot 50x
218; all fenced and : cross -fenced; *in
walking' distance to local ¦ train. '
\ t H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station.;
MOXEY TO LOAN — Continued.
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bldf.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
„ ....LOANS MADE -
Cn first and second mortgages ;
Life interests In estates
' Property being held in trust
Undivided Interests in real estate
Estates in probate— Legacies
Assignment of rents
...........Life insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sort3 and sizes..
.......... If you need money — --........
See HERMAN MURPHY
......... 601-602 Examiner bul'dlng
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. -
On second mortgages. . I
On third mortgages.
On undivided Interests In real estate.
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St. room 3.
RENTERS* LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY."
Safe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery st.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long cr short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st. : phone Red 1603.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: confiden-
tial. ¦WHITEHEA^MWJlron^O ; _J7J^_Market
S F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on 'their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bids.
— — •
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party; no removal: no commission; eonfldea-
tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal: conflden. P35 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
atrlctly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal. *
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Etc.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
; aiUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTfl.
A SPECIAL list of used pianos for this week;
exceptional bargains.
1 Henri Herz, upright .................. $75
1 Symphony, upright .............. ..... 125
1 Blddle, upright 150
1 Bradford, upright 175
1 Fleischer, upright 200
1 Hamilton, -pright 223
1 Denniston, upright 235
1 Le3ter, upright 25O
1 Calenberg, upright 275
1 Byrcn Mauzy. upright ................ 30O
1 Sohmer, upright 350
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-313 Post st.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock. Special bargains, all
uprights :
3 Steinway $95 to $280
2 Knabe $85 to $110
3 Weber $65 to $130
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne ? $40
Over 1000- Heine pianos In S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
Heine Hall, 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally flne pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., ii. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
AS a special offer this week we will mark down
tho price of a number of first-class instru-
ments to a point where no one can afford to
buy elsewhere. We carry Wis3ner. Bau-
meister and other choice makes. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy »
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. So
O'Farrell st; established 1S50.
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— A STERLIXO.
A Steinway — A Fischer — A Steck.
And ten others from $60 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
WANTED at once — Four square pianos suitable
for country resorts. BYRON MAUZY. 308-
310-312 Post st.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best In city. PIERCE* 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
PERSON departing for Germany will sacriflcs
superb. large new 3-pedal upright piano. 330
v Turk st.
A— FISHER piano; good as new; cost $130;
only $160. SICKELS. 6 Geary st
AN Estey piano for rent to responsible party.
Call 1202 Leavenworth st.
•$160 — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister st, next Hibernia Bank.
YOU may want a piano for rent SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. B60 Hayes st
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031 Market Bt —
* Steck. Everett, Ludwig and other good piano*.
SNAP— 2 only, new, $460; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue, $250. Bruenn,20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
. and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $1.
¦ MEDICAL.
A — ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWYER
will be glad to know she has returned to San
Francisco and opened offices for the relief
of those suffering from rheumatism, paraly-
sis, morphine or liquor habits. Those con-
sulting her will be assured of careful and
honest treatment. . Consultation and advlca
free. Private home for patients. Hours, 10
to 12 a. m.. 2 to 5 and 7 to S p. m. Sundays
by appointment only. Phone Jessie 2131.
Entrance to offices, 1504 Market St., rooms
25 to 28. City Hall square. Over Good Fel-
lows' Grotto.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in troubl*.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult case* treated;
have relieved thousands of moat obstlnata
cases; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. O. "W. O'DON"-
NF.LL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises* . tha
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladies, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential ta
noraml results; fee low. 1007% Market at.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed: hom» la
confinement ; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market at. QPP- Sth and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH — Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home la
confinement. Moved to 723 Po3t at., nr. Jonea.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy at. nr Mkt.
MRS. D ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and durtnjf
confinement; best medical care; low feea.
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe ft sure; never falls;
price $2. Oleaaon'a drug store, gay & Kearny.
LADIES — "NeverfaleT" Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Paateur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bids.
DR AND MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1126 .Market.
DR. NG TOY KEB. 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by harba.
MIXES AND MIN1.\O.
A DIVIDEND PAYER,
Regular semi-annual dividend of 1 per cent
per month on selling price of 10 cents per
share, payable on all stock of record of July
1, 1902. Inyo Gold Company. Incorporated la
Arizona; stock non-assessable; private prop-
erty of stockholders exempt from liability fcr
corporate debts; 8 full claims and mill sit© In
Panamlnt Mountains. California; fully de-
veloped mine, containing over 20.000 tons of
gold ore blocked out, net value $15 per ton;
one 12-stamp mill; 4000 tons ot tailings. $4 40
per tonL Directors-^J. p. Flint. J. O. Scan-
nell, W. S. James, O. P. Wldaman and O.
W. Lasher. M. r>.. all of Los Angeles.
References — Dun or Bradstreet and Central
Bank of Los Angeles, which has handled the
bullion from the mill runs to date. $23,000.
. Prospectus mailed to any address If you
mention The Call. Price 10 cents per share
Make , drafts or postal orders payable to
STEPHENS & SCANNELL, 110 3. Broad-
way. Los Angeles. Cal. ¦
SMALL. gold mine, with mill: will p*T from
the start: only: small capital wauired: eas-r
¦tennn. :'THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 13T
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1500— 3-ROOM cottage; lot 60x270; good as
new. W. C. MORAN.
$2200— 7-ROOM house; lot 60x140: 80-foot
street; nearly new. W. C. MORAX.
$1600 — 4-ROOM cottage; lot 50x100; on Tele-
graph ave. W. C. MORAN^ '
$2000— 5-ROOM cottage: windmill and tank;
lot 100x127; finished street W. C. MORAN.
$9000— S-ROOM house; lot 100x130; stable; 3
blocks from University. W. C. MORAN,
Schmidt block. Berkeley station.
JSOO— $100 CASH. bal. $10 per mo.; 5-room
houee. windmill and tank: all conveniences;
1 block from station. Do not miss this
chance. W. C. MORAN. Lorin station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
$1200— $100 CASH. bal. $1200 per mo. ; 5 nice !
rooms and bath; ¦windmill and tank; elegant
corner lot; 1 block from station; nice location.
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station, or W. C.
MORAN. Lorin station.
$2500— $100 CASH, bal. $25 per mo.; 6 nicely
laid out rooms; modern improvements: street
¦work done; choice location; convenient to
cars; don't delay; come to-day. W. C.
MORAN. Lorin Etatlon. or C. C. EMSLIE.
Ashby station.
FURNISHED HOUSES FOR RENT.
Seven-room house, furnished; Charming, near
Fulton; reasonable to desirable tenant; for
one year from July 1.
Several very desirable furnished houses
near U. C. to careful tenants for two to
three months: choice properties, improved and
•unimproved, in Berkeley, for sale.
FRANCIS FERRIER, Real Estate Agent
aa Stanford Place. Berkeley Station.
A SACRIFICE— $12,500; cost $25,000; elegant
modern l©-room house; 5 acres choicest
grounds; city limits of Berkeley: Investigate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
BERKELEY'S FINEST HOME SITES.
$45 per foot; extra value; front Bancroft
at., near Telegraph eve.; fine for flats.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth st. Oakland.
SCANTED — An oCer; splendidly built house
of 12 rooms; cemented basement; large attic;
house cost $9000; 1 year old; lot 70x160; must
be eold.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley station.
J550— BARGAIN; lot 65x100 feet, corner Emer-
eon and Tremont Ets.. right at Ashby Avenue
Station ; ko and see this lot to-day; monthly
UiEtallments if desired; best buy in all
Berkeley. GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth st. Oakland.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK, 614 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley, Station.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The 'Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BERKELEjr^JROjOMS AND BOARD.
BERKELEY summer board; choice location;
attractive private home; references. Box
S23. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
J5000— Elegant residence on El Dorado et, cor-
ner of Fairmount ave., Oakland; house
not a year old; 8 rooms and bath; elec-
tric light and all modern improvements;
large lot; terms, part cash or exchange
and balance in easy payments.
54000— Nice house on Filbert Bt., between 16th
end 18th, Oakland; 7 rooms, bath and
laundry; butler's cottage in the rear
with 4 rooms and bath.
$3000 — Cottage on 27th st., bet. 23d and 24th
aves., East Oakland: house nearly new,
with 5 rooms and bath; cost 72500 to
build; owner lives in San Francisco and
has no use for the house and offers it
at a great bargain.
$3750 — Colonial cottage, new, all modern im-
provements: Just completed and never
occupied; east side of Market st. bet
19th and 20th sis., Oakland; 7 rooms,
bath and barn; terms easy.
$2500— Cottage on 2lEt st. East Oakland, bet
11th and 12th aves.; 6 rooms and bath,
electric light and gas fixtures; house
new; lot 60x150; terms, small cash pay-
ment, balance in monthly installments;
buyer can get a eood home for the rent
he is now paying; don't lose this
chance,
$2000— Cottage on East 12th et.. East Oak-
land, bet. 9th and 10th aves., near Clin-
ton station; 6 rooms and bath; high
basement: a. neat home, nearly new and
In good condition; terms, halt cash,
balance on mortgage.
$1600— A 5-room cottage, with stable for four
horses and a chicken house; large lot;
terms, some cash and balance mortgage
or trade for acreage.
$1000—4 cottages. 5 ' and 6 rooms each, rear
broad gauge R. R. stations, Oakland,
at J1000 each; these are all good com-
fortable homes; two are nearly new and
were bought on the Installment plan and
surrendered: these prices are the un-
paid installments. . '
$850 — A neat 1 little cottaee of 4 rooms and
bath in Upper FTuitvale; high basement,
barn, chicken houses and the grounds
full of bearing fruit trees; lot 50x120;
owner is away and will sell at less than
cost to build the house; city water in
the house and on the grounds.
$3000 — Modern cottage on Isabella st.. Oak-
land; house nearly new, 8 rooms and
bath; large lot; there is a mortgage of
$2000; will trade the balance for East
Oakland property; property has been
held higher until now.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A. J. ENTDER. Real Estate, '
467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
$2300 — Center Et.; 6 rooms and bath; lot 30
XlOO.
$3150— Tenth et.; 8 rooms; lot 85x135
$2200 — Eighteenth st; 5 rooms and 'bath-
lot 30x112. , '
$3750 — Market st; 7 rooms and bath; lot
30x110.
$4000 — Kncx place; 8 rooms and bath; lot
$2100 — Fifth et; 5 rooms and bath; lot 25
xlOO.
$2600— Fifth St.; 8 rooms and bath; lot 25
$1600 — Myrtle Bt.; 8 rooms and bath* lot
87:6x125.
?2000 — Sixth st; 7 rooms and bath; lot 25
$2250— Moss ave.; 7 rooms and bath; lot 50
Z15S.
$1800— West et.; 4 rooms and bath; lot 25
$2000— Thirty-eighth et; 5 rooms and bath;
lot 53x145.
$1850— Fifty-ninth et.; 6 rooms and bath-
Jot 50x133. .
$2100— Sixtieth et; 8 rooms and bath; lot
40x135.
$1250— Forty-sixth tt.; 5 rooms and bath;
lot 60x100.
$5000 — Business corner on Franklin et.; lot
75x100; 4 houses; present income $36 ner
month. .
$10.000 — 4 new 6-room flats. Just completed*
"Will rent for $100 per month.
$7000 — Fruitvale ave.. north of main county
road; house of to large rooms and bath- also
etable; lot 145x300; all in fruit and flowers;
this is a eplendld chance to obtain a beauti-
ful home. A. J. 6NTDER,
\ 467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
$5500 — MODERN 2-story 9-room house, corner
lot, on 13th st, east of Market; fine location
lor doctor; cheap.
$3750 — Good 2-story house; 9 rooms; on 8th
«t. south front east of West st; 60- foot lot
$3000 — Modern house of 7 rooms: flne con-
dition: good basement: on north side of Wil-
liam st.. between two car lines and short
•walk to local station. "
$3300 — Corner lot on Jefferson St., with
rood 6-room cottage: fine location for doctor-
bank mortgage of $1900 can remain.
$3000 — Modern cottage of 6 rooms, base-
ment; on 20th et. bet. San Pablo and Tele-
Krapb aves.; close to car lines and local sta-
tion; cheap; easy terms.
$2500 — Good cottage of S rooms on 18th
trt.. bet San Pablo and Telegraph aves. This
¦will be business property within a few years-
easy walk to local etatlon ; a good investment
The E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.. 1016 Broad-
•way, Oakland, and room 32, second floor
Mills building, San Francisco.. - -w
$450 CASH: $10 monthly; new and modern 6-
room cottage; up to date: city water, electric
Hjrht, etc.; no fogs nor raw winds; near a
flne school and electric car line; adjoining
East Oakland; deep sandy loam soil; a lovely
home; lot 100x150; all fenced; price 11850.
Call or eend for circular. 455 Seventh «ti
opp. Broadway station, Oakland; carrlare
free. H, Z. JONES, owner. .
$SO0 CASH; $6 monthly; cottage of 3 rooms;
good bam. chicken houses, fine well of water,
assorted orchard: 3 flne lots, 75x100; street
macadamized; school, church. Town Hall and
observatory and 2 grocery stores; over 100
families now located; sandy loam soil; no fogg
nor raw winds here; 2 blocks from boulevard
and electric car line; adjoining- East Oakland;
has m. fine, grand view; price In all. $800; a
fine bargain; call or send for circular. 455
Beventh st, opp. Broadway station. Oakland-
C&rrtefe free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
HOUSES TO LET. ; j.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
$20—8 ROOMS and bath; 4 Codman place, oft
Washington St.. near Powell. THE Me-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
GUERRERO. 1507, near 27th— 7 rooms anrf
bath; nice yard; stationary wash tubs; reas-
onable. . '
ASHBURY. 727— $40; elegant 0-room house;
finished basement. Room 410, 825 Market st
SHOTWELL, 70S- ; -7 icoms. bath, stable, large
yard; rent $25; water extra.
_ HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
PACIFIC Heights, 1824 Pacific ave., corner of
Gough st., completely furnished, ten rooms
and bath; sunny;' marine view; rent low^ to
a desirable tenant: phone East 778. Further
particulars apply MADISON & BURKE, 30
Montgomery st. ¦ -
EXTRA flne residence for sale; or will rent
completely furnished ; 9 large sunny rooms
with bath and laundry; large yard front and
back, with flowers and shrubbery; a very
fine home on Ashbury Heights. Inquire on
premises. 720 Ashbury st '•
FURN. or unfurn., not less than 1 year; or will
sell at sacrifice; elegant home. 12 sunny rms.,
bath, two kitchens, adapted for two families;
lot 80x114; garden; flne view; reasonable;
Mission warm belt. 120 Liberty, near 20th.
FURNISHED .house, 2 months; 8 rms.. modern,
comfortable: piano; phone; Ashbury Heights.
WM. GORDON GRIFFITH. Hearst bldg.
COZY 5-room cottage; Madron e Tract, Kent,
Marln Co. Apply Dr. Blumenberg on prem.
HOUSES TO LET— CODSTRY.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms.
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
FURNISHED . HOUSES-COUNTRY.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable; at San Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D. Apply to
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery st, or
ALEX. BOUICK. San Anselmo.
A NAVAL officer desires to lease a new house
or flat of six or seven rooms, in Western Ad-
dition; must have every convenience. Address
box 397, Call office.
WANTED— To buy on easy terms, modern
house of ' six or seven rooms, Western Ad-
dition, preferably Presidio Heights. Ad-
dress box 398, Call office.
LOST AND FOUND.
$20 REWARD for return to 116 Front »t of
- white bull -terrier dog; tall and ears docked;
brown mark on tall; spike collar; no ques-
tions . asked.
LOST— Saturday, June 7, purse containing
check on Nevada National Bank $165. $15
gold, small sliver, trunk key. $10 reward re-
turn Nevada National Bank.
THE person who took the gold link purse con-
taining locket and chain from the ladles'
toilet in Techau Tavern on Thursday even-
ing. May 29. was recognized. She will save
trouble by returning it to the tavern at once;
no questions asked.
LOST — Jane 2, from Ashby station. Berkeley, a.
sorrel horse; when lost had baiter with chain
attached to It Address 1426 Howard st.
LOST — Diamond locket on Devisadero st. ; ih-
ltiala J. E. D. Reward 2918 Washington st.
LOST — May 24, alligator bag containing clothes.
Return 1415 Call bldg.; reward..
LOST — Solitaire diamond ring. $25 reward for
return to HIRSCHMAN. 10 Post st.
LOST — Irish setter dog, not trained; reward.
1869 Page st.
LOST— Ferry-boat Berkeley, or near ferry, pri-
vate papers; reward. 137 Montgomery, r. 13.
LOST— June 2d, - small white poodle named
Flossie. Reward at 623 McAllister.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
. and silver to make new watch cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission ;tel. Main 730.
amCjBLLANEOUS— •FOB SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
1 DOUBLE-DRUM single engine, friction hoist,
almost new $250
1 donkey hoisting engine, new.......... $275
1 9x13 In. Atlas engine, fine shape, with
S6xl2 in. return flue boiler..... .$3oO
IS H. P. portable fire box boiler and en-
gine $175
1 20 H. P. portable fire box boiler, com-
plete
1 15 H. P. portable fire box boiler com-
plete ...$125
1 15 H. P. upright boiler, complete $100
1 10 H. P. upright boiler, complete. $S5
1 8 in. centrifugal pump, with foot valve
strainer and check, almost new $125
1 4Sxl6 in. return flue boiler, complete. .$350
1 9x15 Blake rock crusher, new $350
1 3 in. centrifugal pump, complete $40
Water pipe, belting, cable, hose. etc. H
Si WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
1 8x12 O. W. S. DRILLING engine, with pump
and heater: 36x10 boiler, all nearly new
$350. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. : *~~
750 to 1000 new & second-hand tenU,to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co., 208 Drumm.
COLLEGE Kennels has foxhound, spitz, cock-
er and fox terrier pups, and dogs of all
descriptions; also Angora kittens; will sell
' at sacrifice. 115 Halght. phone Fell 6811.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th«
Brunswick- Balke-Coi lender Co.. 652 Mission.
CHICKS— 10c; thoroughbred hatching eggs at
Ingleside Poultry Yards, 807 Mt. Vernon ave. ;
get off car at Ingleside Coursing Park.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
goods; money back if not satisfactory.
¦KAHN & CO., 209 Battery st.. San Francisco.
A— SCHOOL BOOKS bought, sold. KING'S Old
Bookstore. 15 4th st; phone Red 1803.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-band
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
LUMBER and firewood. 823 Folsom st
EXTRA flne tents at half price or for rent. H
E. SKINNER & CO., 416 Market,st.
PRINTING press; hand power; good condition;
cheap. 517- Octavla st.
$2400— SMALL downtown investment: always
rented. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
THE public Is warned that the old firm of
- Uncle Harris has retired from business.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St., cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makee). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monty* y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. .
Edison phonographs, records/ supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 619 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pio-
tur«s. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton at; phone Bush 484.
A GENTLEMAN'S fast driving horse; weight
about 1050 pounds. Box 325. Call office.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins*
send postal; will call. Box 4960, Call.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical. goods. 164 9th st; tel. Jesale 2831.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all slues, any
condition. FarnsworthElectr1caIWk«.418 Turk.
- MONEY • ; TO LOAJf."
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
¦second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
. let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st. room 36.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner bldg; loans on planosT
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. -strictly confidential. Tel.BIack 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
; any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY,, 26 Montgo^Mor at.
_EMPLOYBIEXT WANTEp—FEMALE.
RELIABLE business Jady of tact and manage-
. ment wishes charge of rooming-house , or
hotel; first-class housekeeper; Al reference*.
Box 324. Call office. ¦¦-¦¦.-¦ ...
EMPLOYMENT . WANTED— MALE.
PRACTICAL engineer and machinist wishes
' position as engineer; city or country. Box
316, Call. ¦; ¦
A NEWSPAPER printer and ad man desires
steady -employment; city or country; temper-
ate and reliable. Box 317, Call office. .
MAN with good recommendations and expe-
rience as clerk and storekeeper In Q. M. '
Dep't, U. S. Army, desires position. Box
396, Call.
A YOUNG man, experienced, wishes situation
In family as indoor servant; can wait at
table; references first class. Box 2S5, Call.
POSITION as valet with duties of private sec-
retary; traveling- preferred; young man of
good education and address; references. Box
392. Call. ¦ .. . . .-
COACHMAN wants position; sober, steady
man; fine driver; fair gardener; can t milk;
¦ best references. Box 335, Call office.
AN industrious and straight man, German and
English speaking:, wishes a position as car-
riage driver or gardener. Box 321, Call.
AN experienced boy wants position in drug
store to assist his boss; can speak German,
French and English. Box 318, Call. ,
SITUATION wanted by a practical engineer
and machinist of 15 years* experience; good
references. Box 327, Call office.
STEADY, sober, experienced man wants posi-
tion in country as coachman; thoroughly
understands driving, care of horses, cows,
gardens, carriages and harness. Call or ad-
dress Coachman, 712 Fourteenth st, S. F.
A STEADY reliable man, two years in present
position, desires work In wholesale or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
fair wages. Box 393, Call office.
RELIABLE colored man wishes position aa por-
ter, waiter, watchman; good reference. Ad-
dress DRAPER, 1013 Powell st.
YOUNG man would like porter work or drive
delivery. Address C. H., 529 Noe st. .
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener, to take charge of big
place, either private or commercial; single;
good references. Address G. D., box 272, Call.
YOUNG man, speaks Spanish, French, Italian,
.. Russian, German and English, wants position.
Box 289. Call.
BAKER, foreman. Al man, wants place; city
or country; is steady and reliable. Address
Baker. 225 Third st. Oakland.
GOOD Japanese cook wants position, city or
San Mateo County; many years* experience;
speaks English very well. Y. S.. 1329 Pine.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
NOTICE TO FRUIT-GROWERS— Ship yosr
early fruit and potatoes direct to Farmers*
Union. Seattle. Wash. •
WOULD like to borrow $5500 on good security.
Box 355, Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 116C Ellis st, sunny side, modern In every
way. 8 rooms and bath. $50. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. . • .
VAN NESS, 2414— New 7-room flat, $45: 3855.
Clay st, 7 rooms, modern, $40. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. ¦.
4 roms. Page st $15fS roon-.s, Jackson st.$35
5 rooms Central av. 20IPolk & Clay. 7 rms. 50
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
A CONVENIENT to downtown; flat of 6
rooms and bath; rent $27 50; 1219 Geary, st.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
. A— tTWO cozy 4 and 5 rooms, bath, down-
town, $21 and $23; put In order to suit. 316
and 318 Myrtle ave., near Franklin " st'
$37 50 — MODERN sunny flat of 7 rooms, bath,
attic and basement. 1428 Green St., near Van
Ness ave.
CARL. 256, near Stanyan, 7 .rooms; new,
cheap; basement and yard.
HARRISON, 663 — Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms
and bath; no children. -
HAYES. 1747, near "Park — Lower flat, B sunny
jooms, bath, $20; water froe.
MINNA, 455— Flat, 5 rooms and bath; gas; all
latest improvements; reasonable.
NEW 7-room flat. 2007 Oak St.: elegant grounds
kept without cost to tenant. ¦ ¦__¦:
NEW flat to let; 6 rooms and bath. 1702B
Sacramento st. near Polk. . ;
SCOTT 3V4 — Sunny corner flat 7 rooms, bath;
opp. Duboce Park; marine view; $32 50. ¦
SUNNY upper flat. 1 Montgomery court, bet.
Pacific and Broadway; 4 rooms; rent $11.
TENTH, 435— Flat 6 rooms, bath and laun-
dry. ;
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FLAT — * rooms,, bath, laundry; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; warm belt of Mis-
sion; cars pass door; $12; gas included. 161
Chattanooga st., cor. Twenty-third.
BEAUTIFUL sunny 5-room parlor flat, hand-
somely furnished; splendid view. 4230 20th
, St., few steps from Castro-st. cars.; $30.
GOING East — Will rent flat, furnished, to re-
llable party; 4 rooms; bath, gas and piano;
rent $25. 1503 Dolores, cor. 28th, 1 to 4 p.m.
TO let — Furnished flat of 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock. at 79 South Park.
FLAT — Furnished and single rooms. 800 Lyon
st, cor. Golden Gate ave.
FURNISHED flat 4 rooms; Golden Gate view.
1233 Vallejo st, third door from Hyde car.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517—4 rms. :bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 60; 1 to 4.
GOOD chance . to buy flne furniture modern
flat; flat to rent; central. I'hone Howard 856.
COMMODIOUS, sunny, corner 7-room flat; ele-
gantly furnished. 1800 Sutter st
MCALLISTER. 38 — Flat, newly furnished: all
improvements. . , .
' FURJf ITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms; modern sunny flat;
must -be sold by -Monday; owner at premises.
1404 Folsom st. ; call from 9 to 11 ; no dealers.
FINE , furniture of modern flat for sale; flat
for rent very cheap. o9S3 Twenty-fifth st., nr.
Sanchez; call to-day.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 SO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
A FINE j lot of mahogany furniture for ' sale
¦ cheap. 313 Twenty-seventh st, near Church.
; FCRKITURE WANTED. ',
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 135*.
¦ ¦'•' '•¦¦¦¦¦ _"'-"_-_ GLOVES. - '- ;: ..'
TRY; Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A' LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
I . ket, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
'¦'-'- nees,' etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. |
FOR sale— i One 2-seated carriage, canopy top,
brake; good for camping or country farm;
1 phaeton, buggy top. Call at or addres3
. 821 Pacific ave., Alameda, opposite Mastick
, station. ¦ ' , -
YOU can find what you want in the horse lin»
st STEWARTS Horse Market. 721 Howard
Et. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness.- 1499 Market cor. 11th.
HORSE, $20; buggy, $15; harness, $5; double
•'harness, $12 50; tent complete, $10. 79 City
Hall ave. , • .
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange. 246 Third st. -
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
. . >ion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying- to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FOR '¦ sale— 1 horse, ' 8 : years • old, 1300 pounds ;
<* works double and single. • 4450 18th st.
WANTED— Long-bodied wagon, suitable for
painters. C. E. Nettleton, 527 Jones, Oakland.
FOR sale-^-l horse, weight 1200 or 1300; 1
..wagon, 3 spring; Tbuggy. .5935 Mission st.
TWO second-hand, business buggies; also ' top
'¦r, road buggy. , 1370 Turk Bt. '
WANTED — Gentle ' buggy horse for lady to
drive, cheap. : Box 306, Call office.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons buckboard,' sur-
rey,harness.work.dr!ving horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. . 532 Mission st. -
• 'SUBURBAN RESIDENCES. - .
TO rent* for' 3^ months from. 'June 1 — 2 new
-.modern* residences.- 15'. rooms ..each. : newly-
¦ J - furnished, i at Stanford University, ; on campus.
. Inquire of CHARLES C'^BEMIS,' real estate
broker, 324 Mnntgpmpry, st.
: 'sis'y.. "--•¦ ¦ f -.-""' 'nary. .-.: Ealvador— 12K12V&C for : strictly, x rime
•n'ashed ; .; 10^11 Vj « for good - to - prime , wasbed :
miifi-dlbc for.fair.washedjlOirail^ic for «ood,to
prime washed f poaberry : « 0015 l.^n ¦ for . Rona . to
prime. semi-washed:* %$i($3!<ic for'euperlor : un
'.vashed;\SS& Vic for ! good f sroen - unwashed ; 9©
- To-day' b first-hand asking. prices; are: Costa
Rica— 13 5 /i^l5c i for,'- strictly »¦ prime ; to .-' ' fancy
washed:^ 12'!J13Mc for ( prime- washed: 10%@
11 %c - 1 for , goodv washed ; . 11 % ©13c for - good , to
piime WRKhcd 10Js@llr for go* nl- to
j.r!m«!'peal«'rry;:"10tS'g 1 llc ior;goodtto prime',
W&W for fair;. C'j'pl^c , for common , to ordi-
•> "Deliveries-" from > first .hands .since the • 6th
ultimo:" Include: i 2758 bags Costa Rica: 265
Nicaragua; -. 6462 Salvador; 12,i»2 Guatemciia
1152] Mexican, and. 580 various; ; in all 23,708
bags." <;.••'., "'.'•%.•¦,- :» "/,-'• ' ¦- --.;. ':¦"•'. ¦'>: ¦ ¦*... ¦.:•'..<.•,¦-¦,, :-;
¦'¦- V'To-day's first , hand ' stock consists of / 7722
bags Costa Rica, 687 Nicaragua, 53 Honduras
14,822 Salvador. . 3S.930 Guatemala, 3457 Mexi
can and 2771 bags of other kinds; In all 63 -
322bags- ' . ../.. - : ¦ ¦¦:. . -',v..V.\;.;
.."Statistics at* Bio and Santos point to re
ceipts of ! JiHeen and < a ¦¦ half millions . for ¦ the
season of : 1001-02. for the ensuing
crop : are '• reported - as ' tending -; higher," ten . to
twelve millions. --.."-¦" "¦¦.'.,' ¦-.- ,
•-"A' good- business, has been done" since our
circular of ¦. May: 8.' decidedly quiet, however,
during the ' past ; ten days j under arrivals » here
heavier than | anticipated : and a dull and de
pressed Jn v- New. York \ for Braiilp.
These,- while 'not usually competitive against
us «Itherin qualit~or inprice, havean un
mistakable, influenced for -' or against-- at all
times. -Atitho 'present writing the cheapest
!;orts of Brazil coffee are coming here tn some
quantity— competitive ; both i.i cost and quality,
freight' added, against the corresponding grades
of Central America. -Washed coffecsof merit
have 'nct^hteir directly'; affected" and may not
be. (Their poslUori hero remains practically the
fame -as last quoted <* but rather quiet. ¦¦ : The
central markets ' of the United States ha.v<j so
far, taken , from us ' considerably, less of these
than the ' average of. former ; years," due to the
competition and substitution of cheaper priced
growths";' 1 -^ ./:¦:¦ j :?,v':.--, ; :.*.:¦-¦.
stock in first hands , June 1 - was 65,273 ' baga;
against 95,215. Th« world's visible supply June
1 was 11.324,746 bags, against 7,192,112. ; The
circular says: -.-' .. , ' : . ¦ . ' ¦
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirty-five.
SATURDAY, 'June 7—12 m.
/ UNITED STATES EOJ^TDS. . . * ¦ .- ' •
•" Bid.Ask.", , ' Bid. Ask.
4s qr' coup.-llOVjill 4s qr cp(new)l3ti 137
4s qr reg....lO9iillC \\2s qr coup. .1O7941OSH
:.:, ;-..'• v,' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ala AW 5a. 01^— |0ak,WG 5b. 103% 10 U«
Bay CPC 5a. tOS% '—'.-• Uccanic S 5s. 9S 90
C C G&E 5a.l05!i — - Omnibus t!s. — 1^0
Cal-st 5s ...110,, — fac G Im 4s. 97
C Costa 5s.. -.— 111U Pk & C H 63.' — 110
EcH.fi P 6s — ;. Pk & O R 6s. — J23 - J
Fer&C II 6s. — 123 : Pwl-st R 6s. -^ —
Geary-et 5s.. — O4T4 Bac EGR 5a.KWiil01
II C&S 5^3.102' — !8F & SJV58.122
Do 5s •....— D7>3 Sierra Cal 6s — 11C^
L Ans R 5s.US«4 — S P of A 6s / '
L A L Co 6s.lO3Vi — - (1000) . .. . .IIZ&IUYj
_.. Do gtd 6s. — (1010) ....115
. Do Ktd 5s.lO3U — -"¦ 6. P of C 6a
LA & P 0S.103V3 — (1000)Sr A. 106^ —
Do lcm 5s.lO3 . — • j (1010)Sr B.1G7% —
Mkt-st C 68. — 120' (1006) ,.:.100*4
Do lcm 5a. .'—¦'- 122 (1012) .. . ..120'i!
N R ofC 6s. ~ .H2«ijS P of C 1st ,"
Do 5 8 ....121%— ¦ c gntd 5s. — —
N Pac C 5s.l09%110«i! Do stmpd.lOOiS — .
N C It .5s..llli4U3Vi SP Br Cal 6sl39iil40»4
N S R'R 5s. lOOHlOl ¦ B V.Wat 6s.Hl lllli
Oak^Gas 5s. — 1131i f Do 4s 2dm. 102 103"
OalTTrn 6f;.125' — ' ~ Do 4s 3dm.l0l 102
Do 1st c5s.H3vill4J4 Stkn G&E BslCJ 104
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73 li 76 Vs I Port Costa.. Co 1^ 66
Mam Co - ..." 59 ', — (Spring Val. . — "90
, „.'/• GAS AND ELECTRIC: '.
Cent L & P. 2^3 — IPac L Co... 4S DO
Eqt G L Co. -3 : .>% Sac B G&U. SO . 42 Vi
Mutual - : 4 • _ 5 SFGAB. ;-44J/i' 4i4i
O G L & H. 62«4" 63 S F G L Co. 5% 5?j
Pac G Imp.. 37*4 30^ Stkn G & E. 8
. : INSURANCE. . .
Flrem's Fnd.26ff^— /. ¦¦¦_¦. ' . _r - *. .
Am B.& T.'.lid .115' tFlrst Nationl'"— . '— ,
>nglo-,Cal .. — , 90U L P & A.. ..168^170
Bank of Cal.430 405 Mer Ex .(llq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp. 122^— <S F Natlonl.140. — ".
, SAVINGS BANKS.. 7 -\
German '. ..1000* " — Sav &. Loan. — 90
Humboldt , . .' — — Security Sav.340 S00
Mutual Sav.. 80- 85 ' .Union Trat.1830" ' - ~
S F Sav U..525 : — '- V »< - •
•STREET RAILROADS. .
California ..170 — 1 Market :.....: 009il01
Geary U— ./— | Presidio .... 39 —
"^ . POWDER.
Giant ...... 70}i 71 /Vigorit 3*i 4'
SUGAR. :
liana ...... 3% A\h Kllauca ... . — 10
Hawaiian ... 32 — ¦ Makawell ... 23 25 «4
Honokaa ...' 11% 12' Onomea ... ; 24 -."" 24;>'.
Hutcbinson . 12Vi ia?i Paauhua . . . 12 —
¦-¦..¦ '.:¦.-¦. MISCELLANEOUS. .
Alaska Pack.159 ' 160 , iPac A V A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 101 Pac C Borx.165 — :
Cal Wine As. 100H 100% Par. PaJni..-. 20 —
: ; MorninK Seesion. •
15 Cal Wine Assn ......'.. 100 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co.r......... 44 S7#
• • ¦ ¦ -'Street—: ¦ ••"; ••
$5000 S P Branch Ry 6s ....140 00 .
$11,000 S P of C 6a (1005, series A)..: 106 75
. PRODUCERS' ;OIL EXCIIANGE.
' MorninK Session. *
'¦ - ¦BoSrd — ¦ • *•'" ' : -• (
1500 Occidental: of TV Va.. 37
."7f» I Petroleum Center ................ . 01.'
JOOO Piedmont:......;..:.. 05
.. : ¦ •"¦¦ ¦ Street—:,' -, ' , • : . , •;."¦ ' ¦ '
. 700 Home 3 23
F>. -' ; MINING STOCKS. ' . .
' Following were the salts in the ¦ San Fran-!
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
/ Mornlnr ; Session. " ¦_ .
S(VO Belcher ...... 0!J 150 Ophir . . .1 20
450 Caledonia ,.•;. 73 100 Pototl ....... 2«
20a Cbollar ..'..:.• 11 200 Potosi ....:.. 25
200 C C & Va....l S5 200 Sierra Nev... 16
5fH) Gould & Cur. OS 100 Union 18
»100 Mexican 40 500 Yellow, Jacket 17
Follpwinff were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchahce ¦ yesterday ::.'.
'- -. ; " Mornlnz Session. ¦ .
200 Caledonia ..; 75 > 100 Overman .... 24
200 Caledonia '... 80 300- Overman .... 25
-.'200 CnoUar ...... .12 500 Overman '.... 2ft
200 Chollar ....;. .13 .300 Overman .... 27
'200 Chollar ..."...'' 14 -COO Overman ..'. . 28
•lOO C CiVa...l 3511100 Potosi .."..... -30
300 Gould & Cur: OS 200 Potosi ........ 29
200 Mexican ....... 40 300 Savage...... 1 ;. IS
S 50 Ophir ......".1 251 200 Union-Con... IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. '¦'¦
. ¦ . ' . ; SATURDAY,' June 7—12 m.
Bid.Ask. :: ;,. ¦'¦Bid.Ask.
Onhlr ........1 20 1 25 Sierra Nevada 16 17
Mexican' 49 \ 50 Utah "........ 01 .02
Gould & Cur. OS 2 00 Bullion. ...... .02 0U
Beet & Bel... 13 11 Exchequer .... 01' 02
C C &Va....l 35 1 40 Seg Belcher... • 03 04
Savage ...'..: 13 ¦¦14 Overman* ..%. 27 2S
Chollar .-. 1 4 .- 1 5 Justice ....... 02 04
Potosi ......'• '29 30 Union....::. 17. 18
Hale & Nor: . , 33 30 Alta ( . 05 0«
Crown Point.. 04 ••C6 Julia ......;. — 04
Tellow Jacket 18 '10 Caledonia , *.*".'. .78 'SO
Itripertal .....' — • 02 Silver. Hill.... -45 47
Kentuck . . ... 01 02 Challenge . . . . - 12 13
Alpha ....... 02 <Xi Occidental ."/.": 17 . 18
Belcher ; -03 04 Andea ,-. :...;... 02 03
Confldenco '.-.. ' 50'— '¦¦: •¦¦*¦¦ -. ' '
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. There . were ; no fluctuations worthy of '. men
tion on ; any of | the j local exchanges. ; business
being dull all around. '
'., Sales on the' Oil Exchange- last "week were
43,346 share*.'. valued at $24,218, the leading
sales being as follows: Bear Flag, 2300 shares;
Home.-; 1525; ~ Lion. 1500 ; Occidental, 5500; »Pe
troleum' Center, . 18.801 : Piedmont. 1000; " Reed,
1000; SoverelKn.\ 1100: Sterling.' S60"J. -
¦ > The London and San Francisco . Bank, Lim
ited, ¦ has declared : a dividend at ] the rate of 3
per~cent\for the half year ending March St.
1902, making, 0 per cetit for the year, and now
payable. -¦ • ' - ¦¦-¦'. * .-•" - 1 .--:.-¦ • -•:.-:¦
> The New Franklin OU and Refinins' Com
pany, has. uald, a dividend of lc per share en
a capital stock of 150,000 shares. This com
pany has for six* months been manufacturing
asphaltumand distillates in Los Angeles.
¦ The Bear Flag Oil Company, it is said, will
turn over.; its property 'to'the -Associated Oil
Company . for ; bonda : and securities. - - ¦. -
I The . weakness .' Jn Home OU r stock recently
is reported due to the filing of a suit in the
Superior r Court at Fresno, assailing the title
of. the .Home. Company to the land. ¦ So far as
the financial standing of the company is con
cerned I there is "¦ little ground for : uneasiness,
since ' there ia ' enough money on hand to pro
vide for" dl\-ldends for some time.' .
¦ The following quotations,, for 'United ¦ Rail
roads of San Francisco were received-yester
day from New .York byBolton, DeRuyter &
Co.: Common stock, $23 87H@24 25; .preferred,
$«J 87^@64; bonds. $01 12V4; subscriptions,
?102 75^103 23." " -
STOCK ¦.¦-MARKET.*
Receipts of Produce;
;• ; ; FOR S ATURD AT, JUNE T. ""
Flour, Qr'sks..r 26,93iiHay,' tons ..... "294
Wheat, - ctls ¦,';".:) 710 Wool, 'bales.... ."¦ , ; SSI}
Barley, ctls .', . ; . 5.710 Corn .Meal. East.
Oate, ctls ...... -310 ctla ...... \.., 600
Broomcorn," ' bis. . .. CO Tallow, ¦ ctl» ¦... 206
Beans, sks . 4«7 Pelts, bdls ..... 3,1<«
Potatoes, -sks.:. l,95G;Hldes, no....... 490
Onions, sks..... ¦ 457 Lime, bbls 182
Bran, 'sks:.. 102 Leather, rolls... - 63
Feed." sks , . . . . . . ¦ 25 Wine, gals ..... 72,350
Middlings, sks.: 20 Sugar, ctls .... 2,457
:•..'¦¦'.¦ .¦-'-¦"¦¦ ' OREGON."..- :: .' -,-¦•;•
-Wool, bales*.... 2
{' J 4c for coed ; to ' superior unwashed' peaberry:
&u><ft~(i for common :to ordinary.' B Nicaraicua-—
12^1 4c for prime ' to ; fancy washed: .' 9% fold \*c
fcr fair to ; strictly.- good ¦ washed : ¦ 7%©»M c for
Kiod to , superior : unwashed ; S?i<g.9i4c;for gcod
to prime unwashed peaberry. * ? Guatemala - and
Mexican— -12(315c , for - price to r. fancy.-, washed ;'
31@ll-!ic for 'strictly good ¦ washed ; l&JJlOHc
for good washed; 8Vi'S9%c for fair, washed: 7<a>
S',ic foJ- medium ••5^.@6%c for Inferior to ordi
nary: •10%(&12o for good to prime washed pea
berry: 1 9@9 We "for .good • : to prime': unwashed
peaberry ; • 8@8?ic for good to superior un
washed. '..¦".¦ ' *¦ .
THE SAN FRAXGISGO i CALL,^JSlTODAY^ivOTM-.-.S^;:--!^^
39
ISarHIllC^ tlJLtfr. ZEALAND MD SYDHEY
: ! - "_i!!!!!iz^—^! ° if!Ecr uNE . TaMi !F v
SS. : AUSTRALIAN for Tahiti '. ........ ". . ...'!...
,.;.'..';.;. ;.v:..:. Sunday.', June 0. 10 a»;m.
SS.- SIERRA, for H6nclulu. < Samoa. Auckland
:.- ¦ and Sydney... ".Thursday, June 12, 10 a. m.
88. - ALAMEDA, : for " Honolulu
'. •¦ .';... ..'...'•.", ...".^Saturday,'- June 21, 2. p. m.
! in: spreceels & bros.cq.', Geaerai Azts.', 339 Mariji
: Geit'l Pass, dcs,' 643 Market sit -Pier-Min 7. PaciAc it. .
¦ - ¦ _.. ¦-'.'< -.. if "..,-. — .'. "
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TEANSATLANTIQUB.
.DIRECT; LINiS TO 'HAVRE- i'AKlS..-^^,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of^f.njjfc
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. lronvPIer,42, 'rSiWnPW
North River,; foot of Morton street. •'
. - First class to Havre,' $70 and upward. Second
class : to - Havre, $45 and ' upward. , GENERAL
AGENCY . FOR' UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, : 32 ¦¦ Broadway -' (Hudson - building). New
York. J. - F.'j FUGAZI C & . CO., Pacific ¦ Coast
Agents, ' 5 Montgomery avenue, - San Francisco.
Tickets Bold by. all Ralload Tlck»t ,- Agents.'
' ;} V \ AMEkirW^LINE.-^ -.
." NEW YORK.* SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St' Paul. June, 25, '10 am Phila.'r.'". ..July 0.-10 am
iSt. Louis. July 2,i 10 am St.*: Paul .July 16, 10 am
KKl hTAH I.IXB.
¦^ NEW! YORK, /ANTWERP,* PARIS. •'.-;
i.Vaderland Jun<* : Jjiino^IZeeland.T^'July 5.;noon'
' Kroonlnd. June : 2S, ¦ noon I Frlesland. Ju ly 12,% noon
INTKRNATIONALVNAVIGATION CO., . . ¦
CHAS. D." TAYLOR, G. A.P.C.oO Montgcm'y st.'
ItOOMS F OR HOC5EKEEPraG/
A~QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping:
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas. bath free; nearechool and park; rent
reasonable. St. Jamee, McAllister and La-
guna ets. • ' • - ¦¦¦'•¦•
FIFTH, 353—2 connecting rooms. 2 beds, kitch-
en and bath, $20; 2. $15; 1. $8; furnished.
FILLMORE. 2219, nr. Clay— 3 sunny furnished
rooms, bath, nice yard; housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1202— Sunny alcove fur-
nished room, kitchen; gas range;' bath.
HAIGHT. 13S— Sunny alcove and kitchen on
upper floor; gas range; bath; phono; also
other suite.. ¦ • .
HOWARD. 649—1 or 2 furnished front rooms
for housekeeping, with bath. ' '
HYDE. 408— Sunny front alcove euite complete
housekpg.. $18; also other suite & large room.
JUNIPER. 2. ofT Folsom, bet. Tenth and Elev-
enth— 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
bath; $0. ¦
LAHKIN. 621— Parlor floor of 2 or 3. nicely
furnlEhed rooms; gas range; running water.
LARKIN. S04— Sunny front housekeeping
suite. Ill; large gunny room. $8.
MASON'. 501 — Sunny eulte of housekeeping
rooms. {14.
MINN'A, 28 — Sunny furnished 'front hous«s-
¦ keeping and single rooms,. 75c and f 1 ¦week.
MISSION, 1516— Tsro sunny front connecting
rooms, furnished complete for housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Sunny newly furnished suites, sink,-
gas range, bath. laundry: phone; adults.
OAK, 119 — Basement, furnished suite; elnb, gas
range, phone, laundry. $6; single ?4.
OCTAVtA. 1253, cor. O'Farrell — Housekeeping
fcult. elegantly furnished; gas and coal range.
OCTAVTA, 1403. cor. Geary— Large Bunny bay-
window, partly furnished; parlor and kitchen,
113. ¦ -. . ' . : ' ¦
O'FARRELL. S2&— 2 or 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; all conveniences. . ¦'....
POWELL. 722 — 3 cunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; strictly private family; refs. exchanged.
SEVENTEENTH, 3S74— Furnished cottage of 3
or 4 rooms and bath; housekpg; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 137— Two or three well fur-
nished tunny front housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
STEVENSON, 550ij — Housekeeping room to
let. ¦
SUTTER, 407 — 2 large sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping. , .
VALENCIA. 822^ — 3 furnished eunny rooms;
gas; electric lights; also barn.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia fct. . » ,
ROOMS TO LET— Fare, and Vnlam.
ANGELUS . . „ .. . :!! . .7. . . 7! .NOW OPEN.
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
ICO Stockton et.. bet. Bush and Pine.
AJCGCLUS, 530 Stockton st. — Rooms, suites
and apartments.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; 75c day upward: McAllister cars to
door: handsomest- grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to ?1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice ceat eunny suites or singles; day,
week cr month; bath; phone. 832 Stockton.
BERNARD. 113—1 or 2 furnished rooms; rea-
eonable; private family.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rtr.s., suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1084— Beautiful furnished rooms; sun all
day; gentlemen; prlv. house; tel. Larkin 41U3.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 8 — Desirable office and rooms to let,
unfurnished. Apply 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms. 35c.
$1 50 night; fl 60. $G week; open all night.
ELLIS. 53S — Nice large room for housekeeping;
also front single room. $6. :
POST. 636— Large front room: running water;
board optional; or suitable for housekeeping.
ELLIS. 6S5. cor. Larkin— Nicely furnished al-
cove: mantel; closet; cooking if desired..
FOLSOM. S20, near 4th— ?1 per week, furnished
rooms. • ' _
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1050 — Wei! furn. large
sunny roome; private family; free telephone.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms ?5c to
|1 SO night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HYDE. 133. bet. Golden Gate and Turk — Nice-
ly furnished rooms; running water; con-
venlent to street cars. *
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnish'
ed room $5 per month.
LARKIN. 81914— Large sunny room, suitable.
for two gentlemen; reasonable.
LASKIE, 2T, bet. 8th and »th. off Mission —
Nice sunny parlor. . x
LEAVENWORTH. 311— Nicely furnished sun-
ny room?, suitable for 2; running water; all
conveniences.
MINNA. 217— Rooms, single and double; also
housekeeping.
MINNA. 6«7. corner Eighth — Xewly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of fleet; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 329A, nr. Orpheum — Large sunny
front room; also inside rooms; very reason-
able.
OTARRELL, 224 — Elegantly furnished .sunny
eulte on first floor; also other roome.
RINCON place, 23. off Harrison— 2 sunny fur-
nished front rooms, with use of kitchen, for
man and wife or 2 gentlemen: view of bay.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light.
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to SI 60; week. $2
to S3; month, $8 to |50; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st...
pear Market — Furnished: also 3 unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 650^4— Nice sunny front room
to let. ¦ .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has betn established at 1036
Valencia st. ¦
ROOMS AKD BOARD.
WANTED — Two or three congenial young men
or young married couple to occupy largo
light front parlor room; excellent board;
furniture new and elegant; .ill modern accom-
modatlons; phone; bath. Tei; Fell 5891.
THE MCALLISTER. 503 Van Ness ave.; Juet,
opened; elesantly furnished eulte or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
CORBIN. The, S36 Sutter st., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suites; all sunny; table first class. * .
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH." 312 Eddy et.— S«t«ct family hotel;
exceptional table; popnlar prices.
FOR sunny homelike room and delicious boonl
apply 104 Guerrero st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy — H'gh-class house;
fumUhed tultea or elngle; steam heat. ..
ROOMS with board; home German cooking.
SOJ» Eddy et. ...
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms: first-class table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 ptrn. In wrapper for mafllnfr. S1 per year.
STABLES TO LET. . .
FINE stable, 16 stalls, to rent. Apply Seventh
and Bryant Bts. • '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4:* collections made-
city cr country. . PACIFIC : COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 3-10: tel. 6580.
PROPOSALS. \ .:
BIDS wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome et
Ban Francisoo, CaL, up to 10:S0 o'clock a. m.'
SATURDAY. Jun* 14. 1902. and opened
imruedlauiy thereafter tn the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering, quarter-
master and commissary eupplles for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvtlie), for six months, eommendn*
¦ July 1. 1902. and ending December 81. 16O*»
Schedules with Information and instructions
fcr submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
csrefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it !«
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a- certified
check upon, eome well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount cf bis bid. payable to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
blda end to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. ¦ > s
. . Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome St.. San Fran-
cisco/ Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ore. J. 3. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami are due to arrive at
sA.V FltAXCIsCO. :
; i' (Main Line, foot of Marltet StTeet)
LBA.TC — FBOM JUXB 1. ISO?. — AB-B1T«
~ 7.00a Bentcla, Sut-sun, Elmlra and Sacra-
' v mentu> 6 55?*
7.00*. VscavlIIe, "Winters. Ramsey. 7.55P
7.30a Martinez. S.»n Ramou, Vallejo,
>'apa, Callstoga, Saata Kosa. 6 25?
8.03a D*t1s. Woodland, Kntghta Landing,
Marysville,' OroTllle 7.5B^
800 v Atlantic Express— O^den and East. ' 8.25 *.
800 v Niles. Lathrop, Stockton 7.25r
8 00a >*!len.-Me«Juta, Hanford, Vlsalla,
.. Portervlile 465?
8-30a 6haata Express— Datri*. Williams
(for F.*rtlett Springs), TVliiows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.5SI*
8.30a Saa Jose. LIvcrmore. SjockJoo,
lone, Sacramento. Placcrvlllc,
Marysvltle. Chtco, Bed Bluff 425»»
8J0a Oskdaie.CnInese,Sonora,Tuolunine 4.2Sf
9.00a 'Vallejo 12-25*
9.00a Lo» Ansteles L.xpre»»— Jlartinez,
Tracy. Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
IUymond.i'resno and Los Anseles 8.25 fc
9.30* Tallejo. Martinez and Way bunions 7.53i»
10.00a Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. t12-55p
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogdcn,
Dcnrer. Omaha. Chicago 5-2S'*
tiOOP Sacramento Ulver SteameTs t11.00?
300? Benicia. Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland, AVilliam*, Willows,
Knt^bts Landing. MarysvUle,
Orovinc : 10.B54
3.30p Hayward.S lies and Way Station*-. 7-55p
4.00? Martinez.San i:ainon,VaIlcjo,N«pa,
CalUtoga. Santa Ro»a 925v
4.00r Xlle». Llvvrmore. Stockton. Lodl.. 12.2Sp
4.30p Hayward.Xilcn.SanJoge.LiTermoro t3.55A
4.30p The Owl UinJlted— Fresno. Tulsre, "
Bakersfleld, Sausu* tor Santa " - *
Barbara. Los A ageles ¦. 85a*
600r PortCo8ta.Tnwy,Lat:hrop.Stuckton 10 25*
6.00p JUrthiez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.25>* .
t530r> Niles Local '. 723*.
6. 00p Hayward. "Nile* and San Jose 7bo\
tS.OO? Vaitejo..: 11.23a
6.00p Oriental " Mall— Ogden, - Denver, «
Omaha. St. Lonls. Chicago 4 25*
7.00p San Pablo. Port Co«a. M:irtiuez
and Way Stations 11-25*.-
t7.00F Vallejo..... 7 65p
8-05r Oregoa & Califorula Kxpr<?»s— Ssc-
ram«nto. Mary*v1lle. Ii'-drtlns. .
Purtland. Pu^et Sw.nid antl East. 8.65a-
J9.10p HaywanlitDd Nl!e» ..t11S5*.
"COiTST LINE harrow liaage). .
(Foot ot .Murltet Street.)
17^45 a. Santa Cruz Excar3ii»n ;3-C5?
8.15a lfew»r)t, l>ntenll!e. Sun -lose.
• FelloD. Boulder Creek, Saat»
Crui and W»y Statiuns •.... 5 50r
T2.15F Newark, CenterTlHe. San .Jdhp,
Ke-qr AliiudL-n. Felton, Boulder
CreeS. 8*nta t'rnz aatl Principal
Way Stallons 1050*
4.15p Newark, ban Josp,- Los llato* 18. SO*
»4.15p San Joae. Lo» Gato<. Sunta Cmz. .. '-8-50
~ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN* r'UANCISCO. Foot «f M^rifet St. <S1I;»S)
— fT:13 9:(X) 11:00 a.m. 1X0 3 CO 5-15 p.m.
From OAKI-AXD, Foot of Broadway ~» +6:U>
ta:05 H):U0*.M. 12 00 200 4-CO r.n.
COAST LINE (Uro.d «an«s).
'.¦: '.'-¦ « i'hirtt an t l'o\7gsend Street*.)
6.10a. San Joee and Way Stations 6.36*
+7. CO* San Jose and TVay Station* .. '8. CO*.
/7.10a New Al*nailen /4.10p
J7.15* Monterey Excursion J830p
8.00a Con«t Line Limited — San -lose,
Gllroy. Salinas, San Luis Obiapo.
Rxntii Barbara. Los Angeles »nd
Principal tntermedUte Stations. 10-45?
9.00a San Jo«e. Tres Pinos, s>anta Cruz.
Pacific Grore. Salinas. S»n Lali
ObUpo and Priacipal Interincili-
ate Stations 4.10p
10.30 a Sao Jose and Way Stations 8.33*
11.33* SanJoie.LoaGatosandWaySUilona f 9 00*
«U0p San Jose and Way Stations.. a700P
2.30P San Mateo. Hedwood, Palo Alto,
> Santa Clara, San Jose. Tres
- - Ptnos. Santa Crux, Sallna*. Del
Monte, Munterey and Pacifle
Grove.. 10.451
t330P San Jose and "Way Stations 7.30f
ti.fJOF D»l Monte Espreas— Only stops San
Jose t120iF
4.30r San Joae and Principal Way Stations 1.3C?
tS.OOP San Jo*e, I-o* Oatos and Principal
Way Stations 6.30p
5.30F SanJo«eandPrlncIpalWayStatlons 8-30?
IS.15P San Mateo. Betmont. Kedwood,
' MenJo Park. Palo Alto tB.48*.
B.30r San Jose and Way Stations 7.30P
7.0Qp New Orleana Express — San" Lni»
OWspo, Santa Bsrhanr, Lo» An-
geles. Demtn?. El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East 10.15a
•11 .45p San Jose and Way Stations. .-.. ....
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. - e Monday only.
b Saturday and ./"Tuesday and Friday. . .
. Enndayonly. , ¦,
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Marfcet-Strect Ferry Depot.
[ I Liru'd ' "T
Local Mon & Local Ovrl'd
. Daily Thurs Daily Daily
Lv Ban Fran 9:00 a) 0:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p(UU5 a 7:18 p 11:1." p
" Merced .. 2:35p{l:17p 1:30a
" Fresno .. 4:10 pi 2:H5 p ....... 3:15%
"-Hanford . 5:58 p| 3:27 p S:05a
"Vlsalla.. 6:33p 5:00a
•• B'kersfd 8:10 p 8:20 p 7:35 a
" Kan City 2:31a 8:02a
** Chicago 2:15 p|....:..| 8:47 p
a tor morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Daily la Bakersneld Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
flally.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
Ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No eecond-elass tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding? train arrives
at 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton locaL Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. ra. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts cut at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:0O p. m.
dally.
.Offices — Wl Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. .
! CILIf OfiNIA NORTHWESTEBN fiY. CD
. LjSSSEES
;sas --nuirciscd anj -mm pacific
• RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron terry, Foot ol J£zjritet St*
! SAS FHASCISCO TO SA> n.\FAKl.
"VVKliK UAib-TaO, 0:UO. ll:uo a. m.: VtHIOk
3:30 5:10, «:30 d. m. Thursdays — Exua tnj»
at 11 :30 d. m. Saturday t—Eitra trips a:
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30,
fi:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAN HAFAtlL TO SAA FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:C5. 7:35. 7:00. - »:2U, 11:13
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 6:00. 3:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and «i:35 p. n». ¦
EUMPATS— 3:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1: W. Vita,
4:15, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco! Hay 4. 1902. ]San Francisco
"Week I Sun- I V esttaa- I Sun- j tVeeic
Days. I day. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7^0 a 8:00 a Ixnaclo 9:10 a 8:40 *
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6;2\) p
; 7:S5p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 d 10:20 *
6:10 p 6:00 p Banta Ross 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 m
5:00 p Healdshors 10:10 a
• Lytton
Geyservllltt
8:S0 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:33 p 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8.00 al ' Hopland 110:40 a|10:2O a
8:3Op| S.OOpl Uktoh f 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7^30 a| 8:00 a| W1111U . | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a.1 8:00 al GuemavlUa 1 7:35 pil0:20 a
3:30 p[ 5:00 p|. |1O:4O aj 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a.
. 8:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a! 10:20 a
3:30p(5:0Opl ..--. 1 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservill« for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers and Boonevllie; at Hopland foe
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllla.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport an!
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lake3, Laurel Doll
Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Pot-
ter .Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley'*.
Buckneira. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr"a
Hot Springs. Half-way House. Comptche. Ca.ma
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendcclno City. Fort Bragg.
WeMport, Usal; at Willits for Sherwood, Cants.
Covelo, Ijaytonvllle, Oimmings, Bell's Springs^
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia arj
Eureka. . .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Rotu>d-tr*p tickets to all polata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. €50 Market it. Chronicle build-
in*. " ~A
H. C. .WHTTIN'O. * B. X RTA.V.
Qen. Managsr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry .¦ Arrive
San Fran. Foot oXMarket St. San Fran.
Week Sun- n , Mi ,. „. trmUHop , w Sun W«lc
P^Zi **>*¦ tt . -t.«r, .r M -^?^ P^- 3 :
- ii.«i *.»..^«*ov»«»';. 4-5OP —.
""""' i-'so r! "T»iai BF T»Wt?«J w 5:50 1. .....Z
'.'.'.'~.Zl 2:SOf. Opo«iia>«yewt«i»4. p. „.;.....
"TitiiBBAlS MLt-i-»r, t»«™ *» ». «rt». ». r™rt«o n .<* .. . .
Tic«t osom. «ii MA£Sxr STSXZT »oi s.yciiAi.rro rsur. .
| ' OCEAN TRAVEL.
; Pajbific Coast Steamship Co.
. Eteamers leave San Fran-
irakt;. clsco as follows:
|g5Swi«h. • For Ketchikan. Juneau,
*¦¦¦ nMoTCrJ 3iM_ Ekaguay, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
i I^SS3f^ rc-. June 5, 10. 15. 20. 25. 30.
! rSs«Sv July 5 - Change to company 3
I steamers at Seattle.
; FG*&i5$tm£A For Victoria, Vancouver.
•**¦ Port Towr.send. Seattle, Ta-
— 7«^ coma, Everett. Whatcom —
II am June 5 10, 15. 20. 25. 80, July 5.
Cha^ee^'t Seattle to this Company's steamers
Sama Roea. Sundays. 9 a. tn. ¦>>¦> _¦ .,';,
Stat« of California. Thursdays. 0 a. tn.
:. For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. , Santa^Crjw. Mon-
Tereyf San Simeon. Cayucos, P° rt / H « f .°J^JSS
Luis ObUpol. Ventura. Hueneme and "Newport
C Coo, ta Ba^ y l «. m.. June 7. K. 23. July 1.
m di. J M n a&e n a p Bay San gj .del
Cabo Mazatian. Aitata. La Par. Santa Rosalia.
GuaynSs (Mex.)-10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder. -
R*ght Is reserved to change eteamers or eaii-
la §'fcxi ! iT OFFICE— * w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). : -
• C. D.DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market gt.. San Franclaco,
U. S. MAIL ROUTE.
":|WPP^ SAILINGS,.
|y NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch its first-class steamers, carrying
United States mails, for '
NOME and if;" ICHAEL DIRECT
. *. As Follows:
From San Francisco- . .
S. S. PORTLAND ..About June 20
S. d. ST.'PAUL ......About July 10
From Seattle- , i
s. s. Ohio Ju!y *5
S. S. INDIANA July 20
Connecting at Nome with steamer* Saidie.
carrying United States mail, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson. Koyukuk,and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage, apply, to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
. 645 Market st.. San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
"Puget Sound Agent, Seattle, Wash.
O.R.& N. CO,
ONLY, STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Foints. ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
JUO-W-:Hi£3U.' "irt-a."X'JHl£3.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIxV Sails.. June 12. 22. July 2. 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Balls.. June 17, 27, July 7
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Mong's". S.F.
T0Y0I1SEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
! dla, etc. . No cargo received on board on day
of Bailing. *
SS. HONGKONG MARU. .. ; . . .. . .".'
.......Saturday, June 28, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU. .. .Thursday, July 2t, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. August 16, 1902
Round-trip tickets- at ¦ reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W.H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Anuricana de Yaporss
To Valparaiso, stopping : at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. . -. ¦ .. ¦' ' ¦
PALENA . June 10 TUCAPEL. . . . .July " 19
AJIEQUIPA ...June 27 GUATEMALA.. Aug. 6
' These steamers are built exDressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. -
(No change at Acanulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasrenger office. 316 California street.
. BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
EAT AND RIVER STEAMER 3.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AMD YALLEJO.
Steajnen GEN. FRISBIE or. HOHTICELLa
O'AS a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. ra. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:20 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
r cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
¦. office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS •
BAIXWAY TRAVEL.
0 SilC AGO
-¦¦'. IH LESS THAN
3 BAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NOR l'K WESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-sectlon Drawing-Room
and ¦ Private . Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps in every Berth. Compart-
ment , and • Drawlng-Room. Buffet, - Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with . Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars — meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout.
Daily Tourist Car . Service at 6 p. ra.
and Personally conducted Excursions every
Wednesday and Friday at S a," ra. from
Ean Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. Rl'iCHIB
617 MARKET. ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coas
Palace Hotel . : 8an Franclaco. ¦
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via - Saasallto Perry, .*
Commencing April . 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCI8CO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK D AYS— « :45, > »7 U5, S : 45. 8 :30, 1X:00
a. m.. 12:20. '1:45, 3:18, 4:15, 5:18, "C:!*.
6:45. 9:45. 11'45 p. m. . 7:13 a. m. does not
run. to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:C0. 10:00. U:00t
11:30 a. ro.; 12:S0. *l:S0. 2:30. •3:45, 8:00. e:OCL
7:30, y:«. 11:45 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to Ean Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 3AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 3:20. •6:20, 7UO. 8:15. •»;»«»
11:00 a. m.. 12:S3, 2:15. «3:30. 4:40. 8:30, C:i7k
10 S\JNDAYS— 6:00. 0:30. 1U0O «. m.'
•12:00 m.. 1:00,, 2:18, •3:30, 4:13, *5:«, 6;i£
7:30, 10:15 p. m. ¦
<• Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:40. .8:40. 7:45. 8:23. »:«a»-
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:10. S:2V. 7:lSt
10:13 ¦©." m. ¦ " ¦ ¦ •¦¦_¦¦
'8UNDATS-«:30. 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 «. m..
12:15, 1:20, 2:30, , 3:45, 6:00. «:05. 1:15, 10:4i
! p *'" m# THROUGH TRAINS.
7:15 a. m. week ' days — Cazadero and way
station*. - '¦ ¦¦¦¦¦: • "
3:15 o. • tn. '; Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. " , : ¦
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays eicept«d>—
Tomales and way stations. ¦ ' ¦
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero' and way
stations. ;
,10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and waj
stations.- •• ¦'»*ae^ i aM»»><ilu«>*WM»ai* •
Legal Holiday boats and. trains will run oa
Sunday time. • _
<»••»•>>»•»» »•?»>»»»« • » «i«
*}' itit. .vH.lHt-ASa AiNDi
I: TUKONROUTc \
Shortest and quickest routa to At- + I
lln, B !«r Salmon. White Horse. ", , !
' ¦ Houtalinqnn, Stewart River, ,
'. .Klondike. Hnynkuk and ¥n- ¦-,,¦ i
n kon Mining DUtrieti. •••¦¦" . ,
,. .. ONLY DIRECT LINE TO DAWS' N :
-; TEN DAYS SAX FRAXCISCO TO
¦ , DAWSON.
For full Information apply to *
I J. FRANCIS LEE. '. S. P. BROWN,
;". , Traffic Mgr., Seat- Gen. Agent. 538 "
II • tie; "- Wash. : , Skag- Market st.. ' Ban
? -Juay, Alaska.. „ .; Francisco. ., • ?
STORAGE ASD; WAREHOUSES. '
PIERCE-RODpLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell ets. ; tel. Prlv. . Ex.'- 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made: 840
Mission st;: tel. Howard 941. T..M7. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.-"
tel. Maln-1840; shipping at cut rates. --
PACIFIC Storage and' Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. r
VI»1 AOPATHY. ~
I SUFFERED from rheumatism for . a month,
unable to move myself without help; with one
treatment of Vitaopathy under Prof. Ivan
McLa.ughIln.T104 Market st., I was able to
walk about my*room; second treatment, same
day, I walked twelve blocks. I am Eatisfled
that Vitaopathy did It. "Wednesdays free
treatment. JACOB KIEFFI3R,
'_¦ "-¦ ¦ Hotel Vendome. .-
•DIVIDEND NOTICES^ ~~
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company^
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, June 4. 1902 — Dividend No. 201.
of 42 cents per share on. the capital stock of
th« Contra Costa Water Company will bo
payable at the office of eald company. ' room
lit, second floor. Mills building, on June 16,
1902. Transfer books will close on June 0,
1902, at 3 o'clock p. mj' - .. - •- ..
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. CON.— A dividend. No. 42, of
fifty cents (60c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company, has been declared
payable at the of lice " of the company, rooms
202-204-203 Hayward buildinjt, San Fran-
cisco, on June 10. 1902. Transfer books close
June 3, at noon. "
J. R. LEAVEUj. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . -
Edward T. Mervy. SO. 411 Golden Gate av«-
nue. and Hattie M. Forceia, 2(5, - 590 Mc-
Allister street. " •
Oscar Cochard. 53, Round Valley, and Sara
F. Morrall. 45, city. -
"Edward C. Hushes, 23. 577 Lombard street,
and Ethel J. Coleman. 18, 1906 Powell -street.
Joaqiiin N. Joseph, 26. Centen'ille, Alameda
County, and Mary C. Perry, 20, Centenillc,
Alameda County. •
Sidney H. Gray, 26, Berkeley, and Annie \.
Cowlle,17, Berkeley.
George H. Foulks, 21, 863 Bush street, and
Augusta F. Martin/ 21. 711 Jones street. ; -
Edward H. Tailnton, 25, Point Richmond,
and Jessie Cave, 18. Point. Richmond. i\
William II. McCawley, 23. 163 Howard
street, and Annie Lawless," 19. 073 Third street.
Fred Willson. 39. 124 Sixth street, and Ak-
nes Bartlett, 23. 124 Sixth street
John Hurley. 25, -15 Silver avenue, and The-
resa Lllner, 25, 1340 Nineteenth avenue.-
AVilliam G. Davis,. 23. 234 Haight street, and
Frances Platz. 23, 1824 Devisadero street.
Albert E. Tulk. 23, Vancouver, B. C, and
Marie J. Nett, 23, Hamilton. Ontario. Canada.
Frank L. Fraker, 26. .city, and Helen G.
Gahn," 19. city.;
Charles. F. Gibney. SS. . Sacramento, and
Adla M. Holloway. 22. city.
Georee W. Cromwell, 26, city, and Gertra
Schroder. 21. city. • ' ' ••'• *- ;
John Kenny, 2S. city, and Margarette Corrl-
gan. 22, city. ¦
William W. Clark, 49, 1423 Octavia street,
and Cornelia L. Eckhart. 44. 1423 Octavia st.
BIRTHS— MABB1AGES—DEAIHSL
BOBN.
BATCHELDER — In this city. May 24, 1902, to
tho wife of H. L. Batchelder, a son.
CAMPBELL — In this city, June 6, 1902, to the
wife of Robert W. CamDbell Jr., a daughter.
DAVITT— In this city, June 6. 1002. to the
wife of John B. Davltt. a daughter.
DEVLIN— In this city, June 3, 1902, to the
wife of F. I. Devlin, a daughter.
ENNIS — In this city. June 1, 1902, to the wife
of "Walter E. Ennls. a daughter. •' ' .
FRANKLIN— In this city. June C. 1902, to the
¦wife of D. Franklin, a son.
GYOMS— In this city. May 30, 1902, to the
. wife of Jamea P. Gyoms, a daughter. • •
HARVEY— In this city. May 29, 1902., to the
wife of John S. Harvey* tnee Kennett),: a
daushter.
HEALY— In this city. May 29. 1902, to the
wife of Thomas M. Healy, a daughter.
JERVIS— In this city. May 31. 1002, to the
wife of James Jervis, a sqn. ¦
KLEVESAHL— In this city, May 2S, 1902, to
the wife of Julius M. Klevesahl, a son.
RUNYON — In this city, June 3. 1002, to the
wife of Frederick F. Runyon, a son.
SCHAD— In this city, June 4, 1002, to the wife
of G. H. Schad. a son.
SCHLICHTING — In this city. June 3, 1902. -to
the wife of C. H. Schllchting. a daughter.
SHAWL— In this city. May 31. 1902, to the
wife of Sol Shawl, a. daughter. •
MAKBIED. ..
McCAULEY— LAWLESS— In this city, June 7,
1902. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
William H. McCau'.ey and Annie May Law-
less, both of Francisco.
WHITE — MORROW— In this city, by the Rev.
J. H. Macomber, chaplain U. S. Army, Kred
C. White and Josephine L. Morrow, both of
Fort Bragr. ¦ . • . , ¦ .
DIED. "
Anderson, Sonhle Llnd, Edward
Barnes, Raymond M. l^onetin, Edmond
Harstow. Emily E. Lord. Cant. Wm. A.
Eowenv Mary E. Lynch, Catherine
Bullard. Samuel E. Martin. Edgar F.
Clough, Georglna " Mayer. Georse
Dithmar. Augustus Mignola, Bernhard J.
Driscoll. Joeeph J. Raechen. EHse
Goller. • Phlllippina Simmons, Henry
Jones, Rose A. Swan. William P.
Kennedy. George II. Toennies, Friederike
Kuhl, ISdward Von Hascn, Lillie
Kullak, Mrs. Mary
ANDERSON— In Redwood City, June 6, 19oi\
Sophie, dearly beloved wife of Herman An-
derson, ahd loving mother of Frances Ander-
son, a native of Austria, ased 28 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 9, at 10 o'clock. ' from her late resl-
' dence, Fourth street. Redwood City. Inter-
. ment. Union Cemetery.
BARNES— In Benicia, Cal., June 6, 1902, Ray-
mond- M. Barnes, beloved son of R. M. and
M»ry Barnes, a native of California, aged
23 years. - ¦ .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, .Tune P, 1902, at 10:30 o'clock, at
1641 Harmon street, Lorln. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
BARSTOW— In this city, suddenly. Juno 6,'
1902, Emily Elizabeth Barstow. wife of the
late Geonre - Barstow, and - aunt of Mm.
George P. Thurston", a native of FHchburg,
' . Mass.. aged SO years 10 months and 16 days.
i ' ff^Funeral ] services to-day (Sunday), at 2
" o'clock, at her late residence. 027 **Mne street.
Interment nrivate. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BOWEN— In this . city, .June 7, 1902, Mary
Elizabeth, daughter; of E. J. and. Mary H.
Bowen. • '•'.',
I gjr Funeral private, j
BULLARD — At sea. May 27. 1902. Samuel E.,
dearly beloved husband of Minnie E. Bul-
lard, father of Edna Land Maud J. Bul-
lard, son of Mrs. L. Bullard, brother of Mrs.
J. W. Swaaey and George. Willie and Edith
Bullard, and son-in-law of James and the
I late Bridget Nelson, a native of California,
aged 31 years 4 months and 12 days.
C7FrIend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 :S0 o'clock, from/ his late
residence, 275 , Shipley street. Interment
Holy Cro*s Cemetery.; I
CLOUGH— In this city. June 6. 1002. Georc-
lna, beloved wife of. David E. Clough, daugh-
ter of G. Cox, sister of T. C. andAV A. Cox
, aunt of Mrs.. Mary „ < pftster. ' Mamie ' and
. Emily NorriB and George White, and daugh-
ter-in-law of Mrs. D. M. Clough of Watson-
ville. a native of the City of Dublin, Ire-
land, aged 84 years 6 months -and "29 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Monday), at < 8:S0 o'clock, from
her late residence, 3539 Twenty-fourth street
near Guererro, thence to St. James Church
corner of Twenty-third and Guerrero streets
'•where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland, via 11 . o'clock creek
route boat.
DITHMAR— In' this city. June 7. 1902. V Au-
gustus C. DUhmar. beloved husband of Han-
nah Q. Dithmar, father of. Mrs. L. C. Fer-
guson and Mamie, Cora ¦ and Augustus! C '
Dithmar, and brother of Mrs. ' Emma 1 \
Hauxhurst and Mr*. Pauline Latimon a
,- native of Easton,, Pa., aged 71 years "5
months i and 20 ; days. » '., -. ¦ . •» •
DRISCOLLr-In this city. June C. .1902." Joseph
Jeremiah, dearly beloved eon. of Florence
and ' Mary Drfscoll, and brother Of 'Daniel
Florence , and^ Alfred DrlEcoll." a native of
HENRY J. CALLACHE711CO.
(Successor to Flannagan.& Gallagher. J ',; ¦;'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. . Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND . EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. •
.,.. ¦-¦.. Telephone South 60. r-
Mt (Jlivet Cemetery,
NEAREST, THE CITY.- ' •• '.
C ff ice, S 16 Market Street.
. Telephone" Bush 367.
KEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
, •• Samuel McFadden,' 18 years manager for
; the United Undertakers' Association; M.J.
McBrearty. with. the same company for 10
years: P.'F. Green, .late with J. C. O'Con-
; nor it Co., have ' opened new Funeral - Par- '
lor» at 1171 Mission St.. between Seventh
: and Eighth. . Telephone < South 44. ' ;; ¦; . -
{^tWITED UNDERTAKERS^
ar «ni . ao , Fi ftti St. Tel. South w ',• 1 i
TONEHAL DIRECTORS AND KM EALMERS.J
niwtt . Equipment -ttt ¦ Moderate Ravtea. »1
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER Ftore; fixtures complete; stone base-
mest. At^ply Twenty-second et.
I-ARGE store ¦uith high basement, fronting on
" Ets. ; below ICcarny et. 036 Clay st., room L
DESK room safl desk la large sunny front
office. :ij<; Market ft., room C3. ¦
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L-^NEERGAARD "reads 1 to"4T"700
Post et.. comer of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME KOSELLL scientific palmist. 615
Taylor ct.. bet. Geary and Post:tel. Black 561.
XSUITURE and piles cured; no pay until cured-
no oj.mra.Uon: no detention from business- all
private Uiteases treated cucceecf ully ; consul-
tatlon treg. Dra. Forden & Porterfield. <5 Turk.
OlDO^^ELL— Offlce and residence.
1021 H Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
%-ithoct ci>c ration. Dr. Ball. IO7314 Mai^t.
PERSOXALS.
V 1 ?? 8 . made ° r 6teel °r elastic
webbing has failed to cure 10 per cent, but
l?r%, S * C^ de V a tortu *n= 00- Why dcS suf-
fering fcu:nanHy continue to buy them? It
is not from choice-, lor there are no others on
MaSFS&ZSSSP*** new l^ver rupture
t bolder with flexible i>Hd has made it possible
to cure .5 i>er cent with our treatment. Also
a new combined rupture holder and abdom-
inal support for either eex; for corpulency It
can be ii£ed eeparatcly; for health and com-
fort they are a blessing. HUNTER'S Sanl-
tartum is provided with firet-clats medical
end surgical attendance. 1206 Market et.
ABOUT your h.iir— To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, etop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair R*m-
ecy is superior to ail other tonics and restoi-
atlves. It is cleau and healthful, is not gum-
niy or tticky; no grease, no stain; never fails.
bold by druggists, hairdressers or our office,
3fe5 Geary et. The Star Remedy Co.
TF you hair Is Jailing, tend for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S ScienUfic Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DR.
_ G. S. MOORE. 3T.2 O'Fanvil gt-. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for euits to order.
tl5; with these cults we make an extra pair
of pante free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
_ et., between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
fl week; ladies' tailor made suits, eklrts,
ehlrtwalste. trimmed hats; gents' ai^ boys*
«uits, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
«B new store. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 818 Mason.
INDEPENDENTLY wealthy lady, withxbarm-
ing personality, sweet disposition and lover
cf home, will devote life to kind husband.
SINCERE. fc!2 Holland bldg.. St. Louis. Mo.
ELECTRIC light in every room — "Winchester
Hctel, 44 Third et.. neat Market: 700 rooms
25c to fl 50 per night; fl 60 to f6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rues, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth St.. Oakland.
ALL scalp diseases cured, eczema, dandruff,
falling hair, etc.; hair grown, gray hair re-
stored; hair dressing, facial massage, gents*
raa.sic g.. 25c. Mrs. E* R. Dunlap. 34 Kearny.
BRING ;-our goods and we will make and trim
you a suit In any etyle for 512 to advertise
our work. MAi-TEN. the tailor, 701 Geary
st., corner Leavenworth.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine is what
cured people say. Address REUNER GOU-
LET, Sacramento. Cal.
AMERICAN mechanic. 36, fair income, would
like to meet refined lady of suitable age;
pive particulars; object, matrimony. Box 333,
Call office.
FIRST -CLASS hair goods only: switches and
v.-igs; hair dr<»ssinc, shampooing; 50c;
manicuring, G. LEDERER. 123 Stock-
ton Et.
A— WHAT do ycu think? O. BERMAN. 48
EUig, makes colored shirts to order; fl each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ON and sifter June 5, 1902, I will not be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted bv my
wife. HELEN CLCU. PAUL E. CLSU.
MADAME PONO — Scientific character read-
ing: hours. 10 to 12 a. m., 1 to 4 and 7 to 8
p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 12 a.m. 233 Powell, r. 14.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
'•«" positively cured by Tb« Willow Bark
Co.. 1833 Polk St.. S. F.; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single three-quarter
cr double. *2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1J12 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
HOMK treatment for mothers and daughters,
booklet free. The VIAVI CO.. 2301-6-8 Van
Nets ave.. Kan rranci*co; phone East 2S2.
SENSATIONAL — Bock for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage ee-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St., S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-rr.ade overalls at SL'MUER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S, Fifth and Market ets.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest same ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome Et.. S. F.
ICOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market et.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for euits. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LTONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market *t.
MONEY loaned at low Interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearie and precious ctonee bought
et tV. J HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth et.
LIQUOR habit — A new,- safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
cress P. O. box 552. Ean Jose. Cal.
IF P. AXTROX will call at the office of Wells.
Fargo &. Cc.'s express be will learn some-
thing to his profit.
ANDERSON*, theatrical costumer; private
theatric-ale: masquerades, etc., supplied. 26
OTarrell gt.
A GK£AT opportunity, either seje. to earn *'J5
to $100 a week; no canvassing. Box 400,
Cell office.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter tt.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, fl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, :J30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. JIO: dress pacts. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
Jias/iucrade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical conumer. 25 O'Farrell; country orders.
WANTED — Good home for baby by the day.
Apply 474 Jessie et.. Sunday.
PKIVATE detective work; reasonable rate*; 10
3 ears' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Mlnnx St.
SUITS to order on installments, fl per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. tnerch. tailors. 115 Kearny.
JUET the books you're looking for; send post-
age for catalogue. Box 373. Montreal, Can.
ACTINA restores the eyes and cars to health.
Bold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook. 426 Suttw.
RUPTURE cured: no operation. r>a.!n or lost
ttoe. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26H Kearny.
TAILOR-MADS suits. 9 7 60; dress panta, (2 60.
Mltflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle fpedalist; superfluous hair
and poles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter-
Iffrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 171& Buchanan; teL West 253.
fcUPERFLUOUS Iialr and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mra.Traversc.ll70Mark«t
ALKREDUMS Eryutian Henna; restores gray
bair to Its natural color; f 1; at ell druggist*".
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly: 10; and 2Sc All drucxists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. w-Igs;
coucto- orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT. th»
best ccrn cure. 25c: all druggists.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and *ub»oriptlons
tt<Mw><1 at Call Vtranrh <>fnre. 22OQ nilmore.
TO LEASH.
TO LEASE— Kenil worth Inn; romantically sit-
uated in Mill Valley: 00 minutfs' ride from
San Francisco: comi-letely furnished: in good
condition: 40 rooms: steam and hot water
fcetlit ; -electric light*: heaters throuirhout:
elevat<ft\ etc.; rent low. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. SO Montgomery St.: ROBERTS.
' Real Efctatc Agent. Mill Valley. Cak
TO LEASE— Fine large corner office with fix-
tures, vaults, etc., in lhe business center of
the city: suitable for bank or insurance of-
fice. Apply to E. P. MURPHY, room 6. 60S
California «t. . ¦ . . . ..-
TTPEWRITERS A\D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TrPE\VRrTER&~vi«
eell better machines for lets money than any
house in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 2C6.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rent»d. repaired^
¦ Webrter Typewriter Intpec. Co.,209 Sansome.
T»PE WRITING A. MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies 2c:mlm-
copraphlng. P27 Markt, rm.805: Howard 1&39.
fcEWIAG MACHINES AKD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
palrlng; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 208 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing
lowest rates; phone Howard 3281. 115 Sixth.
¦ Saii Francisco, aged- 1- year: 3 "months "and
.10 daya...j^rtj*#A.wT*a»<!»?a5^*»fe;HS!3S^SKSfj|
i CTFriends and acquaintances arereapect-
' . fully invited to , attend ¦ the '= funeral - to-day
. . (Sunday), at 12 o'clock," | from I the I residence-
' ';* of the parents, il2tt- Bernard -street, -.between
Leavenworth '* and Jones ' streets. Interment
\Holy Cross Cemetery. -'. • . : .
GOLLER— In this city.' June 7.. 1902, ' Phllllp-
ptna. Goller, (nee Hildebrant). beloved mother
of Georjre and , Henry .Hildebrant 'and 'Mrs."
- : LilHe ' McCord," . a native ; of - Germany, aged
ti8 }"ears. .'-.'¦. - ••..¦V.-'- n .? -V- f> '.:'.¦•¦.¦.:.' '~%x>~:
" C7Friends and acquaintancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
,- (Monday), at. 1:30 • o* clock, .v from the resl-
. ¦ dence of her daushter, Mrs. '. LllUe McCorU,"
9 Elgin :. Park. Interment Cyarefs- Lawn
: Cemeter:'. -'¦;'. / ¦'-,¦ . '\ ¦ .- : - ¦.. .¦•' . ,- :'".'
JONES — In tills city, June 7, 1902, at.h'er resl-
:" dence, 37 Ringold .street. Rose 'A.; beloved ¦
wife of Michael "J. " Jones, mother of- James
" II.. Evelyn M.; • George S. . and the late Rose >
. ¦¦' M. Jones, and siater of Mrs. R.i Mooney; Mrs. -
T.' Mahoney, '. Mre. M. McEutee and Nora
OTooIp, a native of Clifton, County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged-Ul'. years 7/months and
." 55' darn. !,-.• ¦ ¦ ./'.¦,.>.¦-.:¦.- ¦¦-. •¦ • ¦ '. -..¦•;
KENNEDY— In this city,' June 5. 1002.' George
H. ¦ Kennedy, beloved son of Charles W. Ken- 1
' nedy of Lakevlew. Or., and brother of Jamea
Kennedy of Gold Beach, Or..' Mrs. Edith Ed-
wards and . Mrs..: May Crawford of Oakland,'
Mrs/ Llllie Marey. of ¦¦¦ San ¦ Francisco. Mrs.-
Anita' SlmDson,of New. York City and Mrs.
Maggie Marjrrie of Juneau, Alaska! a native
.of California, aged 30 • rears : and S mouth*.
¦ (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully i invited to attend the funeral Sunday. •
June 8, 'rat 1 o'clock, from the residence of
Mr. James Taylor, 1211 Clay street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.' * ¦'
KUHL— In the City and County Hospital. June
¦G. 1002, Edward Kubl,' a native of Germany,
ased 01 years. .'-. , . : ¦. :\ ¦¦
KULLAK— In San Jose, " June 2, 1902, \ Mrs.
Mary" Kullak, beloved mother of Louie, Hugh
j and Mlaa Annie Kullak; a nativSof Ireland,
a:ed 61* years. .. ;. j. ¦_¦¦,
LIND — In /this . city.* June 6, • 1902, Edward
Lind. a native of New 'York, aged • 69 years.
LONGTIN— In ' Reno, Nev.. : June C»- 1902, Ed-
mond Longtln, beloved brother of J. B.
Longtin,\a native of Canada, . aged 53 years
¦ and U months. . - . . ;:
LORD — In this city, June.' 5, 1902, Captain
¦ William A.' .Lord, \ beloved husband of Va- ;
leria.E. Lord, a native of York, Me., 'aged
¦ 77 years- 10 months and 11 days.
ETTriendS' and acquaintances -^ are' re-
quested to attend the funeral- Sunday -at
l:S0 o'clock, from" the- residence of, his aoc,
William A. Lord. 3330 ' Twenty-third street.
Interment Mountain View,. Cemetery, -Oak-
; land. • ¦ -. ¦;>•¦¦ ¦¦ -. ; -.-" -..--¦ ¦¦ . ¦-. .;¦.. ¦ •; . ,- ;
LYNCH~In this city, June 7. 1902, Catherine,
beloved wife of William Lynch, and mother
of P. H., T. J., M. A., and J; B. Lynch, a
native -of County Derry; 'Ireland, ; aged W
years and 15 days.' : : " "; . / .. •
IcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27-29 Fifth street,
thence to St. Acnes Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for, the
repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
) ment Holy Cross Cemetery.,
MAKTIN^-In this city, June 7, 1002. at the
residence of his mother. . 383 Oak street, " of
'diphtheria, ' Edsar Francis Martin, dearly
' .beloved son of May and the late Sidney
Martin, grandson of . Mrs. Kate Johnson,' and. :
. nephew of Samuel Johnson and Thomas Gal-
: "lagher. a native of. San , Francisco,' aged. 4
; years ; 3 -months and 14 clays. : . ; - .
MAYER— In this city, June 5, 1902, George
Mayer, a native of Germany, aced 24 year3.
¦ (C?-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
June S. 1902, at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to St. Boniface's. Church, 'Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones, and Leavenworth
streets.' where services.- will be held. Inter-;
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland." •. , !
MIGNOLA— In this city.. June e, 1902, Bern- j
hard J. Mienola, youngest and dearly be-
loved fon of Mrs. Elizabeth Borneman, arid
brother of Joseph. , Louis . and Henry Mis- j
no!a, . a native of - San Francisco, acred 10
years and 2 months. . . - " ¦ ' , ]
' C^Frlends and acquaintances are.respect-
: fully invited to attend tho funeral to-day
. " (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. tF.-Suhr & Co., 113" Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and ' EUrbtli. : Interment Lau- ,
. rer Hill ; Cemetery. ' ¦' ¦¦¦ '¦¦¦¦:
RASCHEN— In Oakland. June 7. 1902, EHse.,
dearly beloved wife i of H. Raschen. loving I
mother of Mrs. Etta Bowers, Mrs. Anita
| Blllinsrton and Fred Raschen.. and devoted
grandmother, of Gertrude Bowers and Grant
Bllllnsiton Jr., a. native of New Tork, aged
• 52 years and 7 months. . ' ,
E?*Funeral service* to-morrow (Monday)/
' at 11 o'clock, at the residence of her daugh-
ter. Mrs. ¦ Btllinston, 1210 Jefferson • street, ;
near Fourteenth. Oakland. Funeral and ln-
. terment strictly rrivate; ., ... ¦ .
SIMMONS— In the City and County Hospital.
June 1, 1002, Henrv Simmons,* a native of
South Carolina, aged 22 years. , , .•¦
SWAN— In this city, June 7. 1902, • WillKm
Porter Swan, son of Daniel and Elizabeth
,. Swan, a native of Scotland. '
. -B^y Services at the residence of his parents
June 9. 1902. at, 2 o'clock. ... . ... j ..¦"' .
TOENNIES— In-thls- city,- June 7. 1002, Fried-
¦ erlke - Toennies, J dearly beloved • mother . of
. Herman Toennies,' Mrs.-. J. Mehrtens and
Mrs. J. .H. Homborg,- a '• native of;'Porep.
Germany, aged " 77 - years 4» months .- and , 'M
¦ days. - x --¦-.:.•-.- ' ¦ • ¦- • "
CyFriends are i respectfully ' Invitea to at-
tend the funeral ¦ to-morrow (Monday),", at, 10
] o'clock, from her late | residence, 1528 Bush
. Btreet, between Van Ness avenue and Frank-
lin street. Interment Cypress Lawn . Ceme- :
'• tcry. ¦ . ' . • ¦ : • ¦
VON HAGEN— In this city, June 7, 1902, Lll-
lie. beloved wife of the late Martin von
Hagen, mother of Edna von Hagen. and sis-
ter of Franz Brauer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 37 years 8 months and 7 days.
(CTFrlends are ¦, respectfully. . Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow : (Mon- ,
day), at 12 o'clock, at her Jate residence, 922
Greenwich street, between Taylor and Jones.
NOTiCE TO TH£ PUBLIC.
The Hackmen's Union; Local No. 224,' at a
regular summons meeting held at their halt
on Thursday evening, June 5. 1902, resolved
that they would not hire or : drive I a carriage
at any funeral conducted ¦ under the auspices
of the "Odd .'Fellows'. . Cemetery -. Funeral
Directors." - ;. ! . . - ;
Reduced
| GENUINE
WELLINGTON
For Sale by All Reliable Dealers
W- per ton.•The .tactics employed by the building
trades men were severely criticized -;by
" It was f expected • that the , agents of : the
Building" Trades j Council would do' all I in
' their ' power to prevent the dissatisfled
millmen from turning out in force, and in
this the brotherhood" men .were not disap
pointed.;'Long before the hour set; for the
meeting the -McCarthy^contingent ¦ from
the) Building; Trades : Council » were posted
alongj Market ¦ from"; Fifth to i Sixth,"
and ; when ' a" millmah" was ; recognized \ on
the; street ; lie* was ; promptly , stopped and
argued with. ; Several of the men declared
that they/; werej intimidated I and. threat
ened, the purpose \> being ' to prevent - their
attendance at the meeting.: Many' millmen
on. seeing, the situation turned and walked
aTay.v>i/';;.'";;?,',:>; : v ; v,' ¦C/- rr ": '¦¦ - 3 'X '¦•'"¦
The millmen ; who appeared at the head
quarters were mst by brotherhood carpen
ters, and; shortly Rafter 8,: o'clock Guy
Lathrop ot rthe District ' Council i of "~ the
Brotherhood? called' the, gathering, to. or
der.i He < explained" the 'purpose . of ithe
meeting and said ; it' would be to .the best
interesta : of ¦ the . millmen .i to affiliate with
the brotherhood.-- The matter 'was briefly
discussed," , with ', the \ result ' that" • a^ resolu
tion i.was * adopted : instructing. Lathrop i to
apply i to <^the .brotherhood', for: a charter
without delay, ti The men to the number of
22 then o sighed t the v charter ' roll. ¦ and the
meeting, adjourned subject to call by La
throp as soon as the charter has been re
ceived: from* the ; East: -•
;Twenty members of the suspended Mill
men's Union met at." the carpenters' head
quarters ] at 915^~ Market street last night.
In 'accordance with a formal call,' and af
ter some discussion, made ; -application ' to
the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners for. a . charter. - • The ~. greatest en
thuslasm'prevailed.'..
".Shattuck Avenue M. E. — Morning, "Com
munion With God." ' Evening, '."Justification'
" Simpson i Memorial ; M. E. — Evening, • ."The
Blight- of 'California.", -Pastor,' Rev. 'John
Stephens. ¦¦ ' -, • : ."...-¦¦
First Unltea ¦-; Presbyterian-— Morning, .^"rhe
Many-mansloned I Home — The Closed Door."
Pastor, Rev.. H. H.N Bell. :.,- • - '.: -,: • ¦--.
: First Unitarian— Morrlng,'"-."The; Leadership
of Jesus.V by Rev. George :AV. ' Stone."- - . ¦
Plymouth Congregational— Morning, - Rev. ' I*,
M. .Hartley, -Buperlntendent of tho Anti-saloon
League, v.-\\\ speak... Evening, »; "Sins -ot
Thought." ' Pastor. Rev. F.\ B. Cherlngton. • •
-• Richmond " Conrregational — Morning. "- '.'Com
pleting What Is Lacking ; of i 1 he - Af Hictlons * pf
Christ.". Evening. "Beholding^ the Beauty : of
the Lord/' Pastor. Revv; Philip Coombe. :•' U .
First Congregational — Morning. "The -j Many
Sldedness of Jeeus." Evening,' ."An Unlimited
Promise." Pastor. Rev. • George ' C. . Adams. UL-;;,
Rev. Joseph Mulligan will preach at the
10:30 o'clock mass in St: Ignatius Church
this morning.- Rev. Father D.vMahony
will preach in the • evening after vespers.
The Gentlemen's Sodality • of the Im
tt'.aculate, Conception of . the Blessed . Vir
gin Mary. will receive holy communion at
the \:2to o'clock mass in St. Ignatius
Church. | : . ;
Services will be held in other churches
as follows: . h : "¦•...:- ¦
Father Philip O' Ryan, spiritual director
of the League of the Crpss^will speak this
njcrnlng at all the masses. in St. Francis
Church. : .After, mass he .will -administer
the pledge of the league to the junior
branch and give . to each 'member; a sou-_
venir'card. 1 In' the .evening at .8 o'clock
the ceremony of unveiling and blessing
two groups of : statuary . that"; have lately,
arrived from Paris will take place: These
groups ; represent; St. Ann and < the Virgin
and* St.. Anthony land, the Divine Infant.
A sermon on "The Veneration of Images",
will be preached by the pastor,- the ¦ Rev.
t. t ii iiin i » ijiir iyi»i'ifiivWi'" |M MVMi | (Vy*'i" | tif Hi i
Solemn Ceremony Ar
ranged at St. Francis,
Church. ¦
Initial Step Is Taken
to Join the United
Brotherhood.
MILLMEN APPLY
FOR A CHARTER
SACRED IMAGES
TO BE UNVEILED
John W. .Taylor School Exercises.
The closing exercises of the John "W.
Lathrop and other members of the Broth
erhood Council. Lathrop says that had it
not- been for the presence on the street
of the agents of the b'uildlng trades fully
200 millmen. would have attended the
meeting. - He declares that the millmen
secretly favor the brotherhood, and that
they will show their hands more clearly
now. that the opening break has been
made/ The statement of the San Fran
cisco Planing . Mill ..Owners' Association
that no millman not provided with -. a
building trades working • card would.be
employed after the end of the current
month is regarded * as : a . bluff and that
the threat will not be carried out.;-
Street sprinkling carts are just comln*
Into use In the City, of Mexico.
Taylor School were held Friday afternoon
at the school building, on Cora street
near Sunny Dale avenue. The graduates
were John Kaepf and Vona Taber. Other
pupils receiving honors were Katie Elsele
Elva^ Giorso, Dora Kaepf. Frederick
Kaepf, Charles Orr," Mildred Smith.
Louisa Staehle and Leonie Saliou. The
honors .were confered by the principal of
the school. Mrs. M. J. Parolinl. After the
exercises a garden party was given to the
children by Dwight J. Burnett and Mrs
, Burnett, at their home in Visitacion Val
ley.- The day was spent in playing games,
after which -all sat down to the dainty
feast that was spread for them beneath
With Grace." / Pastor, » Rev. .F. C. Gale.-
Grace M. E.i-MornlnV "Education.". Pas
tor. Rev. F. M. Larkin. , ¦
¦ First M. E.— Morning. "The Mystery of
Christian Life and the. Christian Answer."
Evening. "The Young; Man In Society.". Pas
tor. F.. K. Baker. ¦ • . v.j;
Eraanuel Evangelical— Morning. "What Is
laith and How Can it Be Obtained?" Even-
Ifff, "A "Wise Fool." ;i Pastor, Rev. .F. W.
Fischer. ¦ ' ."'--:. . ._ •
. T. M. • C. A. — Afternoon, "The Young ' Man.
In^BuBlness," by Rev. F. -M. Larktn.:. ,
Trinity * Episcopal Church.— A, special
thanksgiving service will be ¦ held this
evening to commemorate the termination
of the war in South Africa, at which tha
Rev. Dr. Clam pett' will- deliver the ser
mon. : Dr. Clampett will'- also officiate at
the morning services.'.'' ¦' , . ; •
St. John's Parish, Picnic.
The parishioners and , friends^ of, St.
John's parish are Uobkine for ward Uo- the
annual picnic,: which /isT to '¦ be ' given ' on
Thursday next in Fernbrook Park. Rev.
P. D.v Brady, pastor of the church, is de
voting all his efforts 'toward making :the
outing , a success. ; Valuable gat<j v and
game prizes will be distributed. ' The boat
yruy leave the ferry:at'9:S0 a. m.', sharp.
Sudden SeathVof a Pensioner.'
Joseph Cody," aUnitedi States pensioner^
died suddenly shortly.' after, noon yester
day, while eating lunch in a wine saloon,
617 -Sacramento 'street.' He: was, a "na
tive of, Kansas, 75 years 'of age," and had
been an inmate of the Soldiers' Home at
Yountville.Napa County. - ¦! r
MRS. K. OHLSEN
HOLDS HER OWN
Refuses to Giv« Hsr Hus
band Her Dowry of
$1400.
"Ehe told me she had $1400 when I mar
ried her, but I have never seen, handled
or received a single dollar from her." '
• Such is part of the tale of woe told by
Liudwig Ohlsen in a suit for divorce filed
by him against Katlierine Ohlsen yester
day. Mrs. Ohlsen has been very success
ful In holding her own in other matters
than monetary ones ever since their mar
riage in 1889, if Ohlsen's complaint- is to
be believed, and she is 70 years of age,
while Ohlsen is but 45.
The Ohlsens reside at 3460 Twenty-fifth
street. The husband /conducts a- syrup
manufactory in the rear of the residence,
while Mrs. Ohlsen spends her time, de
spite her years, in hurling abuse and de
cayed vegetables at him from the rear of
their home.' She varies the monotony of
life, alleges Ohlsen, by threatening to
"eic" her two children, one of .whom is
41 years, of age and the other 45, on to
him.
Another cause of Ohlsen's unhapplness,
he alleges, is his wife's fondness for go
ing through his clothes while he sleeps
and abstracting therefrom his loose
change. %flHBpiaaBH
"She has taken $200 from my trousers
in this manner since our marriage," al
leges Ohlsen. -*
According to Ohlsen, his aged wife is
full of schemes for causing him annoy
ance, trouble and humiliation. - .
"Five months ago,'.' he alleges, ' "she
threw a whole gallon of water on me
when I was in bed. and during the last
eix months she has on many • occasions
hurled dishes . at my head. She accuses
me of stealing marmalade and syrup
from my partner and of selling the stuff
and pocketing the proceeds."
Ohfsen asks - that he be granted a dl
vcrcc, and that his wife be compelled to
bear the costs of *he suit.
THE SAN FR^NCISCCV CALL, SUNDAY, JUXE 8, 1903.
40
/ 1; v - : Game to Us at a Price Last Week. llflfl
\ 'y.fyi They are yours this week. You'll certainly snap them up 'bout as '£'/$}
XW* quick as we did when you see how ' • ¦'¦¦^lyc /
|x New and Dainty and Perfect 'IMk
t^ vk\ ' - they are - ; '^
Y<. \XJ As nice, fine embroideries as one could expect to find in regular ' ' "^i* i
A3.- % stocks — and as broad a variety, too. Every width from 1-2 inch to rio \
. )?. V jnchesV^worked'outJm: \$| \ ;
' / -V- 1 styles in combination with blind stitching on nainsook and cambric. Y§ V
I '*>}/.• I lc y ard — Fine neat embroidery— 1 and 2 inches wide— 2500 yards. Worth 2c, 3c, 4c and Sc: ; '\t! : /'-
I v -i />;•*/ " c y ar 4 — : Sixty different patterns— clear and delicate — 2 to 4 inches 'wide.V Worth.'io'c . . Y*-'7"
W0^A;y W yard-354tos inches wide. . W..- ' . ' JA
$'/$! Ocyard— 6 to 7 inches wide— work is deep and elaborate. ' : ; ; : A-/^
iA^i r 15c yard*— 6j^ to 9 inches wide-^mucli of the work here is four inches wide. . ; sV / . V^V
T%. y^k- My full pieces that have never been on sale before. They were sold £ / jr~
\ '''¦$} \^ to an ambitious storekeeper in the Philippines. Butlie bit off more than ' v») :
Viij )pj| he could chew/ He; canceled half ;the order before it left this^ port. The $\] Q
.V ; 9;/.^ seller couldn't afford return freight charges. He saidwe could have them. /vV WM
Newbro's -; Herpicide ¦; kills ; the i hair-de-
stroying. 'germ and stimulates 'the. hair to
a. rich,', abundant growth; it doeslmore—
keeps the ; hair, soft and pliant, j .
• Furthermorer-Herpicide is a" most pleas-
ant toilefaccessory — pleasing of odor and
cooling ;to the scalp^
'.This is . the thing you - quite : frequently
see. in the ballroom— a. man's black dress
coat [literally covered .with dandruff...' '
-It must.be annoying, toHhe wearer,. and
certainly not a pleasant thlngjto"; observe.*
But i dandruff- can " ue' eradicated.- - it is i a
serm' disease,', that wlll c some - day ., cause
baldness. " HwvifiilinyywgitrtiiiiWflPtyiiiti'i ' ' ' i
Shoulders of a Gentleman in
- Full -Dress. ¦>'
Flakes of DandruffVbn. the Collar aud
CONSPICFOTJS IN A ; . B ALZiBOOSL
NEW { ADVEBTISEMENTS.
California, ¦H
Souvenirs
We are showing now a very full line of California
wood novelties in
— Pin Cushions, —Match Holders,
—Toothpick Holders, —Key Racks, Pin Trays.
and so on. Articles made from redwood, orange
wood and manzanita, highly polished, very neat.
Worthy of particular attention are these Painted
Orange Wood Plaques, or even Plain Ones ready
for painting. AJi sizes from 3 to 7 and 8 inches. *> '
And then there are many
California Horn Toads 50c.
made of oran ge wood. ; J *,
Also Ted wood bark pin cushions — square or heart-
• shaped— large pieces— make very pretty ornaments for
decoration.
Sea Shells— Put up in boxes, 25c to $1.00 per box. Other
sea shells, polished. 5c, 10c. 25c and 50c.
Abalone Shells— Highly polished, black, red or blue
50c, 75c, SI. 00. . '
Oranee Wood PaDer Knives— Painted with Cliff House
views, 25c. - . _-; -.
Then there Is a complete line of souvenir postal cards
and view books of San Francisco.
O O
Lawn Mowers,
Garden Hose and Other Supplies.
•Q_ " , (;
Lawn Mower* $2.50— They are called the "Gem"—
§ a first-class mower— runs smoothly and can be ad-
justed to cut short or long — 12-inch blade..
14-inch machines $2-75, and 16-inch ones $.3.00.
Garden Hose 8c Ft.
It's the good every-day kind — 4-ply. We make
couplings free of charge on 25-feet- lengths.
Watering: Pots 15c — They are 2-quart ones— green
• ¦. .Japanned.
Little better and larger ones 35c.and--.iQc..
Hose Beels 60c— were 98c— strongly made, with two
wheels— easy to handle.
Brass Nozzles 40c— Can be regulated to throw any
kind of stream you like.
Weeding- Forks 3e.
Some other good things downstairs:
Window Screens I8c.
The adjustable kind^ — strongly made — stained
wooden frames— several hundred of this selling: now
at 1 8c each.
Good Parlor Brooms 20c.
Not cheap brooms— though the price is low — but
good, Eastern-made brooms from green corn— 3 cir-
; ¦ cular stitchings.'
50 feet Galvanized Wire Clothes line 10c.
o— — — • t • . . — ; : c
New Din nef ware
For Little Money.
<- .' C— — — - — -— — \ — — — . — : \ Q
Hale's crockery store is coming to the front fast
these days-T-giving the people so much to-choose from—
none but "newest shapes ; and decorations — and for the
least money is sure to tell. , To make it • easier we sell
dinnenvare
As Cheap by Piece as by 5et.
So if you' haven't enough. money for entire set, get
as^much as you -want at a^ time— pay no more for set in
the end than if you had bought ajl at first. Then if you
P break a piece it can be replaced.
$11.00 for Dinner Sets Worth $15.00.
100 pieces best: semi .porcelain with pink floral spray and heavy gold
handles. They are in new fancy shapes, nicely embossed— all useful,
practical pieces." . -¦ ' '¦ - <¦
The same set for 6 people $5.45.
100-Piece Sets $7.85. Dinner Sets $10.55.
• Very pretty decorations in pink. Of - fine porcelain In Colonial
7 u£t£? *Z1VZZ^Z, S n ai^ "v. sua -"' shapes— floral blossom decorations
'$* d Th?/e^ e S°in^ud f e Or iarJe P a n r d -ithgold traced handles-100 pieces
.;_."_:;..:. .small platters and two covered veg- ' Also set of 50 pieces or enough
-¦>.-.. :-:x<- etable dishes. / for 6 persons for $5 00.
_.... :.^O-~7T .¦ - - *
Sleri's Belts 25c.
Worth 50c to $I.OO— Nice -New Styles.
C <
-. . Samples— that's the secret. Not many of a kind, but all kinds —
every size. Nothing wronsc with them, either. A maker can't afford
to show a poor sample. ' He is;through with them. Now he is work-
ing on 'his orders. In a few weeks you'll see belts like these at two
. and three and four times as much as these are marked.
-; V V Almost as rare are these ,¦->;• V :¦'- '¦ -' . •
P" Fancy Half Hose 12^c.
] Black, with those stylish embroidered designs worked on instep.
New 'and nobby and half-price.
WHITE WAISTS-COLORED WAISTS— WALKING SKIRTS- DRESS SKIRTS. v
A most important offerinsr. . ' ¦. '"" - ' ' '. . ,. ¦ •-'¦'--¦ it* -'_ .-' ¦ - "¦ .g '_' •¦„ ¦ ¦. T^O- 1 h'-- ±'- ¦. - ' /~*:1 : "'"» - - 'Y '- '^"^7 : ~ : aJ1 •'-'¦'•-"" tf* I /f\l''v //% ¦
It's the style you'll get, the money you'll save, and just at the rightstime, that makes this sale worth attending. :.; TOl JJFCSS ~^ JC 1 V T^^ W Off ll nA CO ' /HJ-L //';1\
¦Some Big New York Buying- V
Has put us in possession of these garments under their market value. . ; • ent materials made up in latest favorite styles: lAVe\;ouldn't find better or prettier ones at full \*^^w\f// / \S \
We found tailors and factory men anxious to get into fall Broods — so anxious they'd . give us what they had on nrirp 'Tiiic taJinr^iiHripniv riianCT^liJe nl-Vnc cu;,^ r ' * ' a~L T "'{.•• i- • • r ~ u L^>^ X'
hand at a bargain in order to make the turn quick. Thus we have so many. . • ' P ric e- ,4 hls tailo t r suddenly clianged his, plans. Skirts he expected to do his sumnier business on )
Stylish |^^S^^^^^^^^P^P^^^^^^^^^^^^ |il lilii '
Waists to suit every one— : made in the prevailing fashions, daintily trimmed. and finished. , • . • .,. RV ,V ..-i ao nm , _. ' ';.." , . , 11: . .--¦= , , - ° -¦ . • . . _.« — S&jy
Beautiful lawn waists, fixed up in the latest ways with tucks, insertion and embroidery, buttoned- in the back, or ¦ . r , s : .*\:"— ?~ Fm , € - qU , - ° i e T f WO ?-rc' U J t ; " SG -. 7 ° — Handsome "; broadcloth ' and cheviot skirts. \pf
front, buttons in many cases hidden. They have stock collars with turnovers. Bishop sleeves' with neat hemstitche'd " '-' Io o. k^ th e workmanship—^3 'hroad bands of _stitched v with aswiner and style to. them far. beyond what the . . [ \
cuffs; . ' ¦ - - ' • • -V ; . • : satm.around flouj^^ l „ J WU
Cn\t\rt*(\ Waicfc A*r Arrr ner . v . ; the l minK - rhey / \-
L/OIOrctl WaiSLS 45^j V5V» U5W y I«2S« ' " ; V^ **° n J2k' : : * " : ; , - :: , '-, ,• • ' -¦,"¦ • v. ¦ > i . Ret their lines. <- • ¦ >;••• .;••--. . v 7^^^ / \
>-,-.^ , - . . • . -. ,. . i. i K i * -i Zu \ c ¦'¦'-¦¦I,*. Ki-' JU ; ?5«OO— A >,wonderful skirt considering the quality of the «~ -^ "¦ -n • . -,• , .. ¦ / /\
Fine madras, imported KmRhams. French chambrays, percales basket clo^ ?4.oO_ Broadcloth. - cheviot, homespuns or eta- - . - / / Li
but plenty of each. We got them from one of the most famous waist factories in the country— waists • renowned for. youw^uld measure it you would see it has a full.^/S-"' mines « lined or unlined— blacks, blues, grays, castors: 7 / / S
their perfect fit and careful makms: •— • ... .yard'sweep; ordinary skirts only: have aV^: Conies" in silk etamines nun's vi-JUn^ hm^HrWI, * /' I l&A
Striped madras or fine Large striped chambray, Grass linens, ¦'• dimi- French, chambray. linens, " '- • '," : V^S^^^^Jrl v^v^V.'
waistband— bishop sleeves, all colors— /z dozen ditter- : ,. , - backs— others with pleated Homespuns— grays. Oxfords or blues— flounced— nicely stitched— a perfect hanging skirt We never saw anv
soft cuffs. ent styles. st > ies - -_. yokes. thing like it before under S.^oo. ' •' ° saw. any-
Cottage Curtains
. o ¦ : — : — ¦ — ¦ — e
Ruffled edge curtains are dainty Summer. hangings.
Hey don't cost as much as you'd think.
White Swiss Ruffled Curtains S'oc.
2 3-4 yards long, finished with a neat ruffle— something
very pretty for small windows.
More elaborate ones at 65c and 75c.
Euf fled L&ppet Swiss Curtains 90c— 100 pairs, Syartis long, *40 Inches
wide, which includes a full nilfle 4% inches wide. They give one's bed-
room an air of gentility.
Dotted Swiss Ruffled Curtains S1.1O— Small and medium sized
dots— finished with a 4%-Inch ruffle— 3 yards long, 40 inches wide— usually
$1.25— Hale's price $1.10.
Fish Net Ruffled Curtains jS 1.25-3 yards by 40 inches— 90 pairs
that are good values at $L50— Hairs price 81.25.
Ruffled Bobbinet Curtains— Daintiest of them all for bedroom use-
give the room an air of refinement that cannot be got from other styles—
5L50, $1.75, $2.00, $2.25 and $2.00 pair. £?v? " -
White Fluted Curtain Rods 20c.
6 feet Ions, finished with dainty white fluted ends to match the pole
this lot at a new price— to-morrow morning for first time. • i
o : : — f *
Cood Muslin 5c. g -4
_.*•** f°^.f* we usuaUy have at 7c— 12,500 yards, too; finely woven/full yard 1
¦wide and uebleacixed. .Equally good are these
Pillow Ticks at 25c /^
21x29 inch, and made of good Quality blue and white stripe Uckin*. ¦: A thousand
ready to-morrow.
o — ¦ j ¦ :. ii —^
Shampooing: 50c.
o — • r
Delightful and refreshing the way we do it The artists are all expe-"
rlenced. They have made this work a study. They know what- the hair
Z** 1 ! V> cleanse it, to bring luster and life and softness. They are sur-
rounded b>' every convenience and help science and your coinfort can
suggest. Even an Electric Hair Drier, that dries your hair quickly bv
a warm gentle breeze and prevents you from taking a cold. This is only
one feature of our hairdressing and manicuring parlors. We invite you
to visa tnem if only to see their elegant, modern appointments
— xiairaressinsr is 2oc.
—Manicuring (women's 25c) (gentlemen's 50c).
—Shampooing uOc. - .
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Right Kind of Wash Goods fWS
Here'sa store of unusual resources. Its close and constant contact with the markets* ' I 1/ M .
MwWy ! T0k. enables it to get what you want, when you want it. Then it's big buying (for six stores) uIa II
brings prices down to what you want to pay. >. '^ .
j'i.jggiMUaa-s^^^ Mercerized Novelties 5Oc — o FA — if* 1 o^^aS^B3BWi "
figSrJRI Those daimy woven stripes thatT Dress Qinghams oc. WfMBfflm
Wmm V& c P o°ortES-L7.inch? n ~ a " dard S °X. 6 ° '" pi " k ' Wuc a " d rrf Gripes-many pretty plaid s -a stan- .
%£10!M1^' 20C CheVIOt I D f ess G^S nam « lW— 27-inch— Pinfe, light blues, and red grounds— most- . [j
-i. -j • • j ly stripes — one of the season's popular stuffs— in a wonderful variety just I [<
e • o 33 inches wide in striped pat-l now at the most temptinj? price— ioc.
'terns— quite the thing for raenV T excellent., sturdy fabric for . 25c Zephvrs at 2Oc-Some ' 50 pieces In the prettiest '
shirts as well as for women s outing sKirts-29 inch. ,-.. ¦ - - pinks,. blues, greens and grays of the season; mostly
waists— seldom you find such "a »R L^ le 1 n Batiste 20c— Sheer fabric for aresses, . striped patterns; a popular -wash fabric forv waists; .
good popnlar stuff in. the height .^^ h"oiS-A ravor.ten.a.er,., f or <,„«„* are.,- ' * %Z22Si£& £§ """"'^ n ° W " th ' S IedUCed '
of its popularity at a reduced es-2Oc. 25c and 3fk! per yard.; =. Japanese Crepes 15c-Medium and dark colored
price, but we found a mill man 15c Cheviots at lOc— 1250 yards— An excellent heavy - striped patterns for. men's shirts and children's wear;
with some odd pieces he was st " ff , f °r men's shirts; white stripes on blue grounds an excellent wash stuff-30 inches wide. .
willing to close nut at a loss and o_T -A^V ™ \^ '¦ ~ .. ; ' Mercerized .Madras 25c— A plain. but beautiful stuff;
wining to ciose out at a loss, ana - Swiss Cloth 15c-The black stripes are • on something -new this season; resembles a wool fabric
now they are yours at a bargain. white grounds-a striking, contrast ; which T makes Tit 1 -27inches wide; pinks, grays and red. C -
Plain Colored Oreandies. 12^« very popular stuff-29 inch. . • r Plain Colored Lawns 10c— 32 inches wide— An #.ninr B .
. tHadrng^od 1^^ 6 ' gO ° d 18 '^ff^
1 • «\i M^T A^ P» ,— Furniture and J^Wt^^S^^V S
I \£8 tlI15 St. AbovePowcfl ¦ lt you J^^^^J
Hale's.
./ <^ THERE IS <&%* I
I j nothing: more delicious to put on your table than a jar of ¦
1 LONG'S PRESERVES,;.; I
J Try them._j You'll like them. • 1
, A LONG SYRUP REFINING CO. 1
1 8th and Brannan Streets. Phone South 486. 1
J Ail grocers sell them in all varieties. IfiJP^