PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
VOLUME XCII-NO. 4.
SCORE OF POLICEMEN
AND RIOTERS INJURED
IN CHICAGO STREETS
BRITISH COMMITTEE
TO CHAMPION RIGHTS
OF THE BRA VE BOERS
PREMIER OF CAPE COLONY WHO j ANNOUNCED YESTERDAY THAT
THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT DID NOT CONTEMPLATE THE SUS
PENSION OF THE CONSTITUTION; JSIaAXD PRISON-'OF BOERS.
NOTED CATHOLIC PRELATE AND MEMBER OF THE ARBITRATION
COMMITTEE OF THE CIVIC FEDERATION, WHO IS ANXIOUS TO
SETTLE THE STRIKE OF THE ANTHRACITE MINE WORKERS.
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— The Sacra
mento Board of Health to-night pro
claimed a quarantine against the town of
Washington, just across the river. It
was announced that there were fifty
cases of smallpox in Washington. '.'«£<
Proclaims Quarantine Against Town.
INCENDIARIES FIRE
BARRACKS AT PEKING
PEKING, June 3.— Fires occurred yes
terday at the French barracks here and
to-day at the headquarters of the Aus
trian troops. Although the fires were
large the resulting damages were small.
The fires are said to have been of-in
cendiary origin. 'When the buildings were
burned there was much rejoicing among
the crowds of Chinese who had congre
gated outside the legation quarter of
Peking to enjoy' the sight of the flames.
ANTIOCH. June 3.— John Mello, Portu
guese farmer living near Antioch, was ac
cidentally killed to-day by the discharge
of a shotgun which he held on his lap
•wjjile riding around a field on a mowing
machine.
Farmer Accidentally Killed.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— The committee
of Senators opposed to the general Cuban
reciprocity plan, consisting of Senators
Elkins, Burrows and Jones of Nevada, ap
.pointed at the Elkins conference yester
day, will meet Senators Platt of Connecti
cut, Spooner and the other Senators of
the Cuban Committee to-morrow and dis
cuss the situation. Thus far there has
been very good feeling manifested be
tween the factions, but the intense activ
ity displayed on both sides has begun to
engender some feeling.
Activity of Factions on the Subject
of the Tariff Engenders
Feeling.
SENATORS WILL TALK
OF CUBAN RECIPROCITY
Ceremony in Which. Boers Give Up
Their Independence.
PRETORIA, Monday, June 2.— The sign-
SIGNING OF PEACE TERMS.
Bourke Cockran was the principal
speaker and "when he began his address
about 8000 joined in the applause that
greeted him. Crowds thronged the ave
nues outside, disappointed at being unable
to gain admission. Judges, clergymen
bankers and men prominent in every de
partment of the city's life occupied places
on the platform.
CHICAGO. June 3.— The meeting of the
Irish-Americans of Chicago at the Audi
torium to-night to protest against tho
coercion law in force in nine counties of
Ireland was probably the largest demon
stration ever held in this city.
Regulations in Force in
Ireland. *
Bourke Cockran Speaks in' Chicago 'of
THOUSANDS PROTEST
AGAINST COERCION LAW
PRETORIA, June 3.— Lord Kitchener,
accompanied by his brother, General
Kitchener, visited the camp at Vereenig
ing last'Monday and greeted the Boer del
egates there. He also expressed his hope
that Boer and Briton would 'live in amity.
Kitchener Visits Boers.
"God be blessed. • I pray you to com
municate to the British Government the
fact that the news has filled me with con
tent."
mination' of War.
ROME. June 3.— Mgr. Stoner. the Arch
bishop of Trcbizonde, officially communi
cated to Rome yesterday the news of the
termination of the war in South Africa.
His Holiness answered:
Pope Leo Is Officially Told of the Ter-
PLEASES HIS HOLINESS.
ing of the peace agreement on Saturday
night last was carried out with the least
possible ceremony. Lord Kitchener and
Lord Milncr "and General Dewet and
others representing the Orange ' Free
State and General Schalkburger and
others of the Transvaal Government
quietly met. in the .dining-room of the resi
dence occupied by" the burgher delegates,
adjoining Lord Kitchener's house. The
document lay on a table ready. Amid
profound silence the Boer leaders took a
pen in order of precedence and affixed
their signatures, thus surrendering the in
dependence for which they had so . gal
lantly struggled. The document was then
entrusted • to Colonel Hamilton. Lord
Kitchener's military, secretary, and Cap
tain Marker, an aid de camp, who left
Pretoria to-night to deliver it to King Ed
ward.
Considerable opposition to the Premier's
views developed among the audience,
while the- crowd outside the hall was so
-hostile that -windows were broken with
stones.
Discussing the financial situation, the
Premier said he intended at the Colonial
conference, to be held in London at the
time of the coronation festivities, to up
hold free trade within the empire.
CAPE TOWN, June 3.— The Premier of
Cape Colony, Sir John Gordon Sprigg,
during • the course of his two . hours'
speech at a meeting here to-day, an
nounced that the Colonial Secretary. Jo
seph Chamberlain, had informed him
that the imperial Government did not con
template the suspension of the constitu
tion of Cape Colony. The Premier further
declared tha't the "disfranchisement of
the rebels of Cape Colony will defeat our
enemies in the House as effectually as
they have been beaten in the field."
Enemies in Cape Colony.
DISFRANCHISEMENT OF REBELS
Premier Sprigg Says It Will Defeat
King Edward will attend a peaci
thanks-giving service in St. Paul's Cathe
dral Sunday. June 8. The Lord Mayor.
Sir Joseph C. Dimsdale and the members
cf the Corporation will be present in
state.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer. Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach, arguing a question
in the House of Commons to-day, finally
announced that it was not proposed to
remove the tax on grain from the budget.
Replying to a question in the House of
Cimmcns to-day, "War Secretary Brod
rJck said the total number of Boer pris-
ODenf in South Africa and elsewhere was
2S465, of which 7E3 were under 16, and
102o v.cre over GO years of age.
GRAIN TAX TO REMAIN.
From Pretoria comes a special, dated
Monday, saying; There was great rejoic
ing at all the concentration camps upon
the news .that peace had been concluded.
The occupants assembled In the open
spaces and chanted psalms, the women
weeping with joy. Arrangements are now
Leing made to send representatives of
«£ch unit of the British army in South
Africa to participate In the coronation
festivities in London.
A Efecial from Jamestown, island of St.
Helena, says: The news of the peace
agreement In South Africa created the
greatest enthusiasm in the Boer prison
camps here, and was celebrated with
sir.glng. A majority of the Boers on this
island intist that the peace carries inde
pendence with it.
BOER PRISONERS HAPPY.
A special from Amsterdam says: R. J.
A, Snethlage. ex-Consul General of the
former republics of ; the Transvaal and
Orange Free State, asserts he has infor
mation to the effect that the Boers agreed
to the inclusion In the peace terms of
the clause relating to the punishment of
Cape Colony and Natal rebels on their
receiving written assurance from Kitch
ener that the King would proclaim gen
eral amnesty at the time of his corona
tion.
I
Boer diplomats would have liked a more
definite contract respecting the date of
the establishment of self-government, but
say the language defining {hat point in
the present compact is much clearer and
more specific than the phrases previously
employed. They believe the burghers
doubtless took the view that England will
be anxious to hasten autonomy In order to
try to nip the separatist agitation in the
bud.
TO HASTEN AUTONOMY.
The etop-the-war committee, which or
ganization's violent and picturesque cam
paign against the Government enlivened
the last three y^ars of English debate,
has been reorganized and will resume its
activity as the Afrikander Commonwealth
League, pledged to the sentiment and pur
pose of Afrikander unity and independ
ence. Its apparent indignation of Kruger
and Leyds. -whose instructions were ig
nored at the Vereeniging conference, is
rot fully shared by the Boer representa
tives in London. These delegates are
grievously disappointed because the re
publics could not be saved, but they pro
nounce the terms as otherwise highly
creditable to the diplomacy of the burgher
leaders as well as to the judgment of the
Salisbury ministry. They say Chamber
lainism was wholly absent from the ne
gotiations as well as from the final agree
ment and point out that the Colonial Sec
retary wrecked the peace movement of
March. 11*01, by pruning away Kitchener's
generosities in connection with the ques
tions of amnesty, legal debts of the re
publics, restocking of farms and imme
diate inclusion of capable Boers in the
work of political, social and economic re
construction.
destruction of the republics of
South Africa. The conciliation committee
remains intact and President Courtney
ttates that, it will vigorously champion the
rights of the Boers under the terms of
the r""ace covenant.
-ww- DXDOX, June S.— Organized pro-
M Boerism will continue to raise
H its voice in the forum of British
Jw . politic? notwithstanding * the
i i *sl^ ¦ *ss.±rio;i of" the" war " arioTTES
E»ecial Dispatch to The Call.
King Is Expected to
Grant General
Amnesty.
Terms of Peace Show
Diplomacy of the
Burghers.
To-day about 200 men from'Neuremburg
marched into Onelda, where Coxe Bros. &
Co. have a big colliery. There was some
promiscuous . shooting, but no one was in
jured. A car carrying speciarofficers was
sent from Drifton to the scene .of the dis-
,The entire coal belt remains compara
tively, quiet, although disturbances of a
minor nature. are becoming more frequent.
At miners' mills, this morning and this
evening men and women gathered on the
street corners and hooted the men that
came from the mines to go to their homes.
At Plymouth also this evening. there was
a small demonstration against those still
working at the engines and pumps in the
collieries there. About one hundred men,
women and children followed the workers
to their homes calling them opprobrious
names all along the way. Many of the
workers who ¦ go to their homes .are ac
companied • by ;coal and iron policemen.
The latter s have been Cautioned not to
notice the actions of. the crowds unless
they attempt to do the men- bodily Harm.
In nearly every, colliery temporary living
quarters have been provided for those em
ployes who do not care to leave the place.
Colored cooks are being brought into the
region to provide for these men.
SOME SHOTS FIRED.
gineers, - firemen and
pump runners and £ the companies were
equally earnest In their efforts to hold the
employes, that have been loyal j to them.
The union succeeded in getting out quite
a number of men and one or two collieries
were compelled to shut down their pumps
because of a lack of men, but in all other
cases the operators were able to fill the
vacancies ¦ by drawing on ' their reserve
forces of office and other employes. The
mine owners declare' that thus far they
have employed very { few non-union men
and have plenty of workers to draw on.
W T7" TT ILKESBARRE, Pa.. June
It M / 3.— In the anthracite coal
B /B / fields to-day the mine
• lK Ir workers tried hard to
r \" bring out additional en-
turbance, but when the t police reached
there the crowd had dispersed.
MITCHELL PRAISES STRIKERS.
President "Mitchell to-night gave out a
statement in which he said:
I Detailed reports from all quarters of the an
thracite coal fields Indicate .that the number
of engineers, firemen and pumpmen who ceased
work yesterday, was considerably increased to
day.. There "have been no YloTations cf law on
the part of the strikers and', our prediction*
made last week that the miners would be law
abiding have been more than verified by the
events of : yesterday and to-day. The coal
strike is remarkable in many respects. __Wera
It not for the fact that the coal companies havet
a veritable Army of private guards and coal
and iron police employed, there would be no
exterior evidence that a great industrial contest
?.as being waged. We are sure that tha
splendid conduct of the men end boys who ar»
engaged in this great, silent and passive strug
gle for at least a small share of our country's
prosperity must commend itself to all well
disposed persona.
NEW YORK, June 3.— Archbishop Ire
land, who. as a member of the arbitration
committee of the Civic Federation. i3
anxious to settle the strike of the anthra
cite mine workers, is in the city, and has
had a consultation with several other
members of the committee. The commit
tee can, however, take no active part
unless something happens to give it an
opportunity fo come forward as a peace
maker. '¦' ''¦'. . V
MARIN COUNTY WOULD
. BAR THE AUT0M0BILE3
SAN RAFAEL, June 3.— The District
Attorney has been instructed by the Board
of Supervisors of Marin County to draft
an ordinance taxing automobiles £> a day
while within the county and providing
that while running on county roads au
tomobiles shall come to. a full stop when
they meet teams and at no time shall
their speed exceed ten miles an hour. Vli>
lution of the ordinance will be deemed a
misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of 1230.
The ordinance will come up for passage
to-morrow.
Army of Guards and Coal and Iron Police
Is Patrolling the Anthracite Fields.
Riser declares he fired the shots in self
defense. The man injured is ; Charles
Roda, 40 years of age. He received a bul
let in the right leg above. the knee and
amputation may be necessary. At. the time
of the shooting Roda was driving past in
a buggy. Kiser was arrested. "-;^mM
An attack made to-night \ on William
Riser, a non-union teamster employed by
Irwin Bros., at Harrison, street and Michi
gan avenue, -resulted in a small;riot, In
which several . shots were fired and one
man was severely wounded. _ . . ••
To add to tho burdens of the police de
partment 1300 drivers and. their helpers
employed by the State street general re
tall merchandise department stores went
oh strike to-day. An attempt was made to
deliver .department store goods in the
• downtown district this afternoon with
non-union drivers under police protection,
but so- much disorder 'developed that the
attempt proved futile. Before the project
was abandoned several rioters were hurt
,and many arrests . had been made.
DEPARTMENT DRIVERS OUT.
"When the central portion of the city
was reached clashes between tho police
and the crowd became numerous. Street
car traffic was an impossibility, and it
was necessary for several squads of po
lice to charge the crowds with batons"be
fore the wagons had reached the various
downtown houses.
When the procession of wagons left the
packing-house district they were guarded
by a heavy detail of police.-. As soon as
the wagons emerged at the entrance, of
the yards fully 500 enraged strike sympa
thizers made a rush to overturn the con
veyances. • The policemen drew their
clubs and after a hard struggle scattered
the mob. A fresh start was made, but
before the wagons reached the downtown
district the mob, augmented by hundreds
of sympathizers, made another attackMn
the fight that followed revolvers were
drawn. No person was shot, the police
instead using their clubs indiscriminately,
and a dozen or more persons were hurt
before the march could be resumed.
POLICE USE THEIR CLUBS.
long after dark to-night the
bluecoats were kept busy dispersing trou
ble-makers, who congregated along the
streets and in every conceivable manner
placed obstacles in the way of the meat
dealers who endeavored to move their
supply wagons with rion-union drivers. In
spite of the striking teamsters and their
friends thirty-three wagonloads of meat
were delivered from the stockyards to
downtown stations. Before the task was
accomplished, however, a score of police
men and rioters had been injured 'and
fully fifty persons had been placed under
arrest. Several of the injured were in
such a serious condition that they were
taken to hospitals.. Two of the Injured
may die.
CHICAGO, June.*?.— Chicago's po
lice were given a strenuous
life to-day by the striking
packing-iiouse teamsters. From
daylight this morning until
Bluecoats Use Clubs
While Escorting
Meat Wagons.
Reports of cruelties practiced by the
Yaquis at the fight near Aguajito have
caused a great commotion in Hermosillo.
Great gloom was cast.over. the city by
the* death of Captain Gomez, as he was
famed, in Northern Mexico as a brave
man. He made his reputation as an In
dian fighter and. rose from the ranks.
Vallejowas a young, officer,', recently or
dere'd to Sonora. •¦ .'• '. " '.
Large numbers of Yaqui laborers em
ployed at Noria del Verde and the ranch
of Pascual Martinez, near Carbo, have
deserted and only twenty-five well armed
men are now on guard at the ranch! The
refugees continue to seek protection in
Hermosillo, arriving there on passenger,
freight and wagon trains. They "report
that everywhere the Yaquis have taken
the warpath. ¦ ,
FLEEING TO HERMOSILLO.
Luis Estrella, Chief of Police at Carbo,
arrived at Hermosillo on^ a train bring
ing a dozen Yaqui prisoners, who were
confined there to await the decree of the
Governor. A freight' train arrived - from
Poza, bringing all residents of that neigh
borhood. Such was the panic there that
the telegraph operator sent his resigna
tion to Superintendent Nauglo of the
Sonora Railroad, deserted his post and
sought refuge for the night at Carbo.
Reports from- that direction are. anything
but assuring, and several other tele
graph stations on the railroad have been
abandoned, but the company will no doubt
send men, to protect them. Several of the
agents at these points have been so badly
frightened that persons going to Hermo
sillo were ticketed to Magdalena, Santa
Ana and other points.
Ernesto Camou and several other mer
chants have asked permission of the Gov
ernor of Sonora to organize volunteer
companies and commissions have been Is
sued to them. General Torres has sent
several officers through the country south
and west of Hermosillo to recruit troops.
The Mexican soldiers are short of arms,
and an appeal was made by telegraph io
the authorities in Nogales for weapons.
All available rifles in Tucson were pur
chased and shipped yesterday. Only fifty
rifles and 5000 rounds of ammunition could
be procured. , The volunteer forces orga
nized in Hermosillo arc awaiting the ar
rival of these* arms.
As soon as he learned of the disaster
which had befallen the detachment Gen
eral Torres withdrew the remaining
forces from the Mazatan Mountain dis
trict and is awaiting reinforcements. Two
hundred mounted troopers* are on their
way to join his army. General Torres
has ordered all officers and men in the
Yaqui River country to the seat of the
fighting. On their arrival ho will have a
formidable. army with which to meet the,
Yaquis. He has sent out native scouts
who are loyal to the Government and
hopes to be able to take the Indians by
surprise. . ¦
The wounded arriving in Hermosillo
were fatigued from the long journey and
in a sad plight. The population of Her
mosillo had become calm, but the report
of the battle and the Government col
umn's defeat caused great excitement.
TORRES .WITHDRAWS TROOPS.
Thirty Mauser rifles were dropped on
the field by fallen Mexicans a.nd captured
by the Yaquis. These will be of great ser
vice to the Indians, who arc said to be
well supplied with ammunition.
Fifteen of the survivors were wounded,
some seriously, and for this reason they
were greatly hampered in the retreat.
They finally reached the main body under
General Torres and the wounded were
brought -to ilJetifesiUo.. Owing to tb.e.
largfe proporti&f&OP w'oufided tIi<Tsurvivor&
were;unablc to collect the bodies of their
dead comrades, and the corpses were left
on the field of battle.
OFFICERS FALL INT BATTLE.
Captain Celso Gomez, for forty years in
the service and famed as a Yaqui fighter,
was fatally wounded and died before he
could be taken to Hermosillo. Lieutenant
Jose Vallcjo was killed on the field and
Lieutenant Magana fatally wounded.
The surviving Mexicans retreated in
great disorder. Only one officer escaped
unharmed. \ ¦¦¦
Notwithstanding- the odds in favor of
the Yaquis, the, small party of Mexicans
made a brave stand. Their ammunition
was soon exhausted and the soldiers en
gaged in a hand-to-hand encounter with
the Indians. It was at first reported that,
fifty Mexicans had been killed, but late
arrivals give thirty as a conservative esti
mate. It is believed that more than fifty
Yaquis fell in the fight.
TUCSON-. Ariz., June 3.— Twenty wound
ed soldierb from the Twentieth Battalion,
arriving at Hermosillo, bring accounts of
an ambuscade of troops result
ing in great loss, of life on both sides and
the defeat of paft. of the forces under
General Torres, j&, detachment of 100 men
from the Twentieth Battalion was am
bushed at a point between Aguajito and
the Mazatan Mountains, and one of the
most desperate battles ever fought in the
Yaqui country, took place. The Indiana
greatly outnumbered the Mexicans j and
had the advantage of position. It is esti
mated that there were MO of the- enemy. •
Special Disratch to The Call,
inforcements.
¦< 5 i
General %orres With
draws ioAwaitRe*
Thirty Government
Soldiers Killed in
Combat
Rout Mexican Force
in a Bottle Near
Hermosillo.
INDIANS
AMBUSH
TROOPS
The San Francisco Call.SCENES AT THE DESTROYED COMMERCIAL METROPOLIS OF MAR
TINIQUE ISLAND AFTER THE LATER ERUPTIONS. WHICH BUR
IED THE DEBRIS UNDER A SNOW-LIKE SUBSTANCE.
WASHINGTON. June 3. — Orders have been
issued by Lieutenant General Miles assigning
the. Twenty-fourth Inrantry to Fort Harrison
Mort.; and Fort Assinlboine, Mont., and the
Twenty-first Infantry to Forts Snelllng, Minn.,
Yatea, N. D.. and Keogh. Mont.
VIENNA. June 3. — There were further strike
riots at Lembourg-, Oalicla, last night, durins
which a detachment of Hussars charged a mob.
U is reported that several children were killed.
A number of persons wounded during yester
day's riots have died in the hospitals.
As it came from the Senate it provided
for a Department of Commerce and Labor.
By a vote of 8 to 4 the "provisions as to
the labor branch were struck out. limit
ing the new department to commerce.
The details of the measure were some
what altered so as to include other Gov
ernment bureaus as a means of preventing
duplication of statistical and other work.
Financial action on the measure was de»
ferred, however, until Chairman Hepburn
of a sub-committee can perfect the
phraseology of the amended bill.
WASHINGTON. June 3.— The House
Committee on Commerce to-day took ac
tion which insures a favorable report on
the Nelson bill creating a Department of
Commerce. The bill has been pending for
some time and to-day Stewart of New
Jersey tested the sentiment of the com
mittee on moving that there was no pres
ent demand for the measure. Mann of
Illinois offered an amendment favorable
to consideration and report of the bilL
The amendment carried, 7 to 4, and the
committee then proceeded to perfect the
measure.
by Nelson.
ably on the Measure Presented
House Committee Will Report Favor-
CONGRESSMEN APPROVE
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
Governor Taft manifested .a desire that
the 'conferences be so regulated as to al
low him to take, the steamer leaving
Naples July 10, his passage already hav
ing been booked. Cardinal Rampolla an
swered that he would report immediately
to the Pope, who will figure in the confer
ences. An audience will probably take
place on Thursday. . . ¦ ¦'.
j Judge Taft will present to the Pontiff a
set of President Roosevelt's books, in
closed In a rich case of white morocco,
with the arms of- the Pope. V
.* ' ¦
ROME, June 3.— The first meeting of
Governor Taft and Cardinal Rampolla
was extremely cordial. The Cardinal re
peated his sympathy because of the indis
position of Governor Taft and his'satis
faction at seeing him. They exchanged
views as to the disposition of the work
to be done for a friendly solution o.f the
different religious questions In the Philip
pines Instead of having, recourse to the
courts or other means, which create fric
tion and hostility either toward the
church or the United States, Judge Taft
added that he had no Intention to oppose
the Catholic 'church and was sure that if
the measures he proposed can be
they will be adopted and prove advan
tageous also to the . church. Cardinal
Rampolla expressed the hope that the
result of the conferences will be profitable
and of Interest both to the church and the
United States. . ¦ "
POPE WILL FIGUBE
IN THE CONFERENCE
Mont Pelee is quiet to-day, but great
volumes of steam are issuing from the
volcano. The lower mud craters, how
ever, are still pouring forth torrents. The
L<i Precheur district is said to be caving
in, but this report has not. been verified.
thunderstorm and very nearly lost each other
in' the dense volcanic clouds.
i On the olat we returned to Aciro and at 6:30
o'clock in the evening Professor Heilprin and
Mr. I..edbetter came down from their splendid
attempt to reach the rim of the crater. Pro
fessor Heilprin said he and Mr. Ledbetter had
been enveloned in volcanic clouds and a thun
derstorm and they therefore did not reach the
actual edpre of the crater itself.
On Sunday, June 1, the five mepibers of our
party — Professor Heilnrin, Mr. Ledbetter, M* 1 .
Jaccaci, Mr. Varian and myself— started to
make the aacent. Mr. Jaccaci came down wi^h
mountain fever and Mr. Ledbetter became ex
hausted. They did not reach the crater.
Senate Indorses Cuban Minister.
HAVANA, June 3.— The Senate to-day
confirmed the appointment of Gonzales de
Quesada as Cuban Minister to the Unittd
States.
BELFAST. June 3.— The harbor board
to-day voted £239,000 to construct a grav
ing dock, 800 feet long, capable of accom
modating the vessels to be builfby the
shipping combine. *
Expensive Dock for Belfast.
LONTJoisr,* June 3.— a- ensp*tcn"t<* the
Central News from Rome says that'Mgr.
FalconiQ, the papal delegate in Canada,
has been definitely selected to succeed
Cardinal MartinelU as papal delegate to
the United States. '¦
Falconio Is Officially Selected.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced: Postofflce
'name changed— Oregon— Vine Maple, Clat
sop County, to Grand Rapids. Post
masters commissioned—California—Eliza
beth S. Newcomb, Coronado. Oregon-
Fred Springer, Grand Rapids.
New stations of the postofflce at Sacra
mento, Cal., are established as follows:
No. 2, Twelfth -and F streets; No. 3,
Twentieth and J streets. The salary of
the postmaster at Corning, Cal., is in
creased from $1600 to $1700.
These pensions were granted to-day :
California — Original — Henry W. Titus,
Cupertino, $10: William A. Cowan. Vet
erans' Home, Napa, $8. War with Spain —
Walter C. Hamilton, $6; John K. Haff
man, Los Angeles, $10; Felix Campbell.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10; Jbhn
Wilhelm, Veterans* Home, Napa, $10;
Lewis S. Hartman, San Dimas, $12; -Joseph
Hoffman, Soldiers* . Home, Los Angeles,
$12. Original— AVidows— Lucy F. Bowker,
Los Angeles, $8.
Oregon — Increase— William T. A. H.
Boles, Philomath, $10; Byron Bailey,
Marshfield, $12; Henry R. Wilson, Port
land, $10.. Widows— Mary A. Chambers,
Portland, $15.
Washington— Original— William H. An
derson, Soldiers' Hom», Ortingr... $8~ In
crease—Stephen F. Baker, Spokane, $10.
Army orders announce that Major
Arthur C. Ducat, Seventh Infantry, is re
lieved from recruiting duty at Denver,
Colo., and ordered to his regiment at San
Francisco.
These patents were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—John T. Davis, San Francisco,
well-boring apparatus; William Ewihg,
Fresno, raisin or fruit elevator: Irvln R.
and W. D. Fenner, San Francisco, arti
ficial limb: John V. L. and G. A. TV. Folk
ers. Oakland, device for filing saws;
Charles Frankish, Ontario, fastener for
hose coupling; Lucien H. Handy, assignor
to American Faucet Company, San Fran
cisco, device for drawing liquids; Robert
B. Hemming, Oakland, fire escape ap
paratus; Austin Keegan, San Francisco,
shifting topsail; Andrew W. Livingston.
Alameda, can heading machine: William
G. Reese, Oakland, storm apron for ve
hicles; Augustus F. Shriver, deceased, H.
Shriver, Arbuckle. administratrix, as
signor to M. Toberbier and S. B. Caldwell,
San Francisco, coffee filter.
Oregon — George M. Brouse, Houlton,
starting and stopping mechanism; Beech
er I. Plummer, Grants Pass, butchers'
block scraoer; Elisha L. Weed, assignor
one-half to T. C. Burke, Baker City, egg
beater.
Washington — Frank W. Shupert, Spo
kane, feed water heater; Milton A. Wil
liams, O. L. Ingram and J. B. Wilson,
Walla Walla, telephone calls for party,
lines. ,
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
White and Marsh both pleaded guilty In
the Circuit Court to the charges brought
against them as a result of the deal and
were pardoned by the late Governor Pin
gree.» -
Director Kauffer of the Henderson-Amt-3
Company testified that after the Grand
Jury had been called Roos attended the
directors* meeting where the story toid
to the Ingham County Grand Jury was
arranged and a fund of $27,000 was raised
by contributions from each director, in
cluding Roos. This fund went to purchase
the certificate of deposit which was shown
to the Grand Jury in substantiation of
the story that the profits of the deal had
never been divided, but were still intact
for payment to the State. The case will
be resumed to-morrow.
White testified that the original invest
ment in the Illinois Supply Company and
$31,000 in profits was returned and waj
divided among Sutton, Marsh and himself.
White testified to-day that the fictitious
"Illinois Supply Company" was composed
of himself. Elf R. Sutton of Detroit, Gen
eral Arthur F. Marsh, inspector general
of the Michigan National Guard and a
member of the Military Board, and the
Henderson-Ames Company of Kalamazoo.
The plan of organizing the fictitious com
pany was suggested. White says, by ah
agent of the Henderson- Ames Company.
After the sale of the clothing to the Illi
nois Supply Company and its shipment to
the Henderson-Ames factory at Kalama
zoo, it was, he declares, retlcketed and
refurbished and then repurchased by tho
State from that company as new clothing.
The disbarment proceedings against
Roos are based on his alleged connection
with the frauds a3 a director of the Hen
derson-Ames Company of Kalamazoo. In
1899 a quantity of military clothing that
the State held under the Spanish war fund
act was sold to the Illinois Suppry Com
pany by the State Military Board ior $1').
500, and then the same clothing subse
quently was repurchased by the board for
the use. of the National Guard ior more
than $50,000.
LANSING, Mich., June 3.— William
White, ex-quartermaster general of tho
Michigan National Guard, to-day in his
testimony before the Supreme Court in
the disbarment proceedings against At
torney E. S. Roos of KaJamazoo, told for
the first time the full story or the State
military clothing frauds and declared that
Colonel Eli R. Sutton of Detroit, who wan
acquitted of complicity in them by a jury.
was a party to the fraud and received his
share of the profits. His testimony created
a sensation in view of Sutton's indictment
and subsequent acquittal after a long and
bitterly fought trial.
Sensational Statement Is Made to the
Supreme Court in the Disbarment
. Proceedings Against a Kal
amazoo Lawyer.
Eli Sutton of Detroit De
clared to Be Guilty
of Theft.
PARIS, June 3.— At a Cabinet meeting
held at the Elysee Palace to-day and at
which President Loubet presided, Premier
Waldeck-Rousseau formally presented the
resignations of the Cabinet, and in doing
so expressed the sentiments of gratituda
which his colleagues and himself retained
for the constant kindness the President
had shown them. •
President Loubet in reply said he re
gretted the decision of the Ministers, and
thanked them for the co-operation they s
had lent him in difficult times.
In the letter to the President tendering
his resignation Waldeck-Rousseau says
the state of his health compels him to
take a rest. Moreover, he considers that
the task which he took up Is terminated
and that the recent elections produced a
majority sufficiently powerful to assure
not only the maintenance but the devel
opment of republican institutions.
Loubet in reply announced that the
President accepted the resignation, and
charged the Ministry to carry om affairs
until the appointment of their successors.
Loubet will begin his consultations to
morrow. Senator Combes, former Vice
President of the Senate, is regarded as
likely to be the first man who will be
asked to form a new Cabinet, and It is
thought he may undertake the task with
good chances of success.
The Cabinet which resigned consisted of
the following members: President of the
Council and Minister of the Interior, Wai
deck-Rouseau; .Minister of Finance, CaU
leaux; Minister of Foreign Affairs, Del
casse; Minister of War, General Andre;
Minister of Marine, De Lanessan; Minis
ter of Colonies,. Decrais: Minister V>f Pub
lic Instruction and VVorship, Georges
Leyges; Minister of Justice, Monls; Min
ister, of Commerce, Industry, Posts and
Telegraphs, Millerand; Minister of Agri
culture, Beau Dupuy; Minister of Public
Works, Pierre Baudin.
President of France May
Select Combss for
First Placr.
Former Quartermaster
General in Michigan
Testifies.
Waldeck-Rousseau For
mally Presents a
Resignation.
SAYS FRAUD
WAS SHARED
BY COLONEL
PREMIER SAYS
HIS FAREWELL
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
The quickest and most convenient way in
iui«l cut of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe.' If you leave Fan Francisco to
day at 9 a. Tn. on tbe California Limited you
are tn Ycmemlte to-morrow at 5 p. m. •
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, C41 -Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and f ull par
ticulars. / . . - " - *
Kersgard's story . was that they were
fellow passengers on a steamer from
Ban Francisco to Panama and on
the trip he frequently played cards In the
woman's stateroom. On one occasion $270
was taken from his waistcoat. In accus
ing the woman,. he says she told him she
would give the money back when Panama
was reached; As no, money was forth
coming at Colon, he. came on the same
steamer and . had her arrested. The
woman denies the charge, but- was : held
pending an. investigation. .
NEW YORK, June 3.— Catherine Mart
ridge of San Francisco, who was a pas
senger on the Panama steamship Ad
vance, which arrived from Colon to-night,
was arrested at the pier on complaint of
a fellow passenger, Oscar C. Kersgard, a
Dane; also of San Francisco.
PASSENGER- ACCUSES
. . SAN FRANCISCO .WOMAN
Among railroad men it is reported that
the New York Central and Pennsylvania
roads have attempted to forestall each
other with a fast train to Chicago. Ac
cording to report, each road planned to
put on a train that would make the run
in about eighteen hours, but when it be
came known that their plans were similar
they came to an agreement and arranged
to establish the new service on the same
day and to make no attempt, at least for
the present, i to reduce the running time
below twenty hours. Of the New York
Central train, George H. Daniels, general
passenger agent, said: ,.-.¦.. ¦ .- ,
"The New York Central and Lake Shore
railroads. have decided to place in service
on Juno 15 a new twenty-hour train to
run between New York and Chicago every
day in the year. It will be called the
Twentieth Century Train. It will leave
the Grand Central station, New York, at
2:45 o'clock every afternoon, arriving- in
the Grand Central station, Chicago, by
the Lake Shore, at 9:45 o'clock the next
morning; leaving the Grand Central sta
tion, Chicago, at 2:30 o'clock in.the after
noon and arriving in the Grand Central
station, New York, at 9:30 the next morn-
Ing." V ..¦.,•••..• : ¦ .. ; .; : - ' ¦
The Pennsylvania Special . }s name
given to the new flier of the Pennsylvania
road. It will run every day and will leave
New York from the West Twentyrthird
street station at 1:55 o'clock in. the after
noon, reaching- Chicago at 8 :55 the ! next
morning. The cast-bound train- will. "leave
Chicago at, noon and^reach .New York at
9 ( o',clock. • \r ;- ~ ; i. v " : *¦— ~ \
NEW YORK, June 3.-New. York and
Chicago are brought In effect ' .200 miles
hearer to each other by means of two fast
trains put into service by the. New York
Central and Lake Shore railroads and the
Pennsylvania Railroad. Each train will
make the running tirrle, including all
stops, In twenty hours. It is claimed for
them that they will be the fastest long
distance trains in the world and $8 will
be added to the price of regular tickets
for the privilege of riding on them.' .
Rapid Trains to Run Be
• tween New York
and Ghicago.
if > - • :
LOOK DOWN INTO CRATER.
Kennan and Party Ascend to the Top
of Mont Pelee.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique, June
3.— George Kennan, accompanied by
Messrs. Jaccaci and Varian, arrived at 11
o'clock* this morning, after an absence of
twelve days.
Professor Heilprin, Kennan and Varian
have ascended Mont Pelee. They stood
on the very edge of the crater and looked
down on the incandescent mass within.
The ascent was made last Sunday, and it
was the second time Professor Heilprin
climbed the mountain. All the explorers
are In perfect health and good spirits.
ADVANCE GUARD LOSES
TO MORNINGSIDE
Vf. C Whitney's Meddler Mare Leads
Him Under the Wire in Brookdale
Handicap at Gravesend.
NEW YORK, June 3.— Gravesend results:
First race, five end a half furlongs — Athel
roy won. Our Nugget second, Whitechapel
third. Time, 1:07 4-5.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Homestead won. Grand Opera second. Fried
Krur? third. Time, 1:4S.
Third race, about six furlongs — Cheat 'Em
won, Essene second, Snark third. Time,
1:11 1-5.
Fourth race. Brookdale handicap, one and an
eighth miles — Morningside won. Advance Guard
second. Colonel Padden third. Time, 1:52 3-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Tantalus Cup won,
Invincible second. Credulity third. Time. 1:02.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Merito won, .Mercer second. Prince Rich
ard third. Time. 1:45 3-5.
CINCINNATI. June 3.— Latohla results:
Firet race, six furlongs — Cotton Plant won,
| Weird second, Tom Embry third. Time. 1:15'/..
Second race, five furlongs — Maghone won,
Our Sallie second, Mary Glenn third. Time
1:02%.
Third race, one mile — Jack Ratlin won,
Talpa second. Hunter Raine third. Time
1:41%.
Kourth race, the Harold stakes, value $1395.
five furlonge — Sheriff Bell won, Lendin eecond.
Gold Bell third. Time. l:02tf.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Remp won, Drumrnond second, John McGurk
third. Time. 1:47%.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Erema won, Clorita
second, Maggie Felix third. Time, 1:15%.
CHICAGO, June 3. — Harlem results:'
First race, four and a half furlongs — Slg
mund won, Captain Arnold second, Gallant
Smith third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
Second race, one mile — Moderator won. Ben
Frost second. Blessed Damozel third. Time,
1 :oi 2-5.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Ice King
won, Kenllworth second, Joe Martin third.
Time, 1:22 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile— Last Knight ' won,
Amlrante second, Ecome third. Time, 1:54 4-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Rheta won. Tho
Don second, Ben Chalice third. Time, 1 :08 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile— Lou Woods won, Dan
dola second. Tommy Foster third. Time, 1:D5.
ST. LOUIS, June 3. — Fair Grounds results: '
. Fir?t race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
¦ ing— Ducassa won, Hansbrcfugh second, Jim
Wlnn third. Time, 1:52^4.
Second rttce, four and a half furlongs — Max
ette won. Robert G. Lansing second. Petti John
third. Time, :57.
Third race, steeplechase, about one and a
half miles — Imperialist won, Torreon Eecond,
Alv.i II third. Time, 2:59%.
Fourth race, six furlonps, purse — Frank Bell
won, Laura G G second. Lakeview Belle third.
Time, 1:1"H-
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, "sell-
Ing — Swordsman won, W. B. ¦ Gates second
Branch third. Time, l.:58K.
Sixth race, "one and three-Blxteenths miles,
selling — Silver Garter won, Josie F second,
Ten Gown third. Time, 2:07.
RAILROADS PLAN
RECORD BREAKING
mud-colored vapor. We now know that this
presages a serious explosion. We heard fear
ful detonations during tbe 26th and husce col
umns of black smoke, alive with lightning-like
and terrifying flashes, rose from the crater.
Oue column which rose to the height of .1
mile and a half was lit ud like fire from the
fierce reflectioi* from the incandescent matter
within the crater. The population of Vive,
plantation .became Danic-stricken at ths erup
tion and went to Aclro, two miles- farther
away. Mr. Jaccaci and I returned to Vive.
Another enormous exclusion occurred the
morning of the 28th and Vive was declared to
be untenable. We all abandoned the planta
tion, and takinjr furniture arid provisions, went
to Aclro, which from that date was our base.
The 30th we tried to ascend to the crater
from this side along the Cale Basse divide.
From the crest of the divide we had a won
derful view into Fallaise Valley, which was a
tremendous seething: gorge of terrible volcanic
activity. We were driven back by a severe
May 24 we went to Basse Polnte by way of
Morne Rouge. Our party was the first to
make this trip. We .followed the old road to
the point where the volcanic tornado had
swept. From there we followed down the track
of the tornado. The spectacle here was ap
palling. There were numberless bodies on
every side. *
On the nisht Of the 26th occurred the great
explosion of the volcano. All tHat day Mont
Pelee had been vomiting masses of yellow
The itinerary of our party was as follows:
May 23 we went to Vive plantation, the prop
erty of Herman Clerc. Vive is on the river
Capote, into which flows the river FallaUe
from the new crater. Vive is In the new vol
canic area and our position there was very
dangerous.
The ascent to Lake Palmiste is up a long
and sharp incline, covered with these ashes.
These had been soaked with the rain and as
we proceeded there were terrifying gorges full
of volcanic debris on each side of us. Every
footstep dislodged ashes and our footing was
most insecure. There were clouds of smok»j
through which the sunlight swept at inter
vals. The ascent was the most terrifying ex
perience of my life, yet Professor Hellpriu,
the previous day. 'had sat enveloped in dark
ness on the top of what was once Lake Palm
iste and had descended in a thunderstorm oJ
volcanic clouds and almost complete dark
ness.
Five of us started for the crater of the vol
ccno last Sunday and three of us reached our
object. We crossed Lake Palmiste, which ' is
now dry. and boulders and huge ragged rocks
of trachyte, rhyolite and andeslte. We then
clynbed on up and reached the edge of tB'e
crater. AVe found it to be u huge chasm or
crevasse, with perpendicular walls. We could
not see down into the crater more than 150
feet; it was like looking into a white hot fur
nace. The chasm opens out toward St. Pierre,
but the enormous columns of steam cut off
the view in that direction. There' were hun
dreds of fumaroles all about us. What was
thought to be the cone of cinders in the crater
was learned in reality to be a huge pile of
gigantic rocks piled up ono upon the other.
There were crusts of sulphur everywhere, but
we saw no ashes or cinders in or near the
crater. The whole vast bed of the old crater
and of Lake Palmiste is emitting steam
through thousands of crevasses. '
No accidents occurred on the trip up the
mountain, although the explorers were
exposed to many hardships and dangers.
In an interview with a correspondent
Kennan said:
The Ministers and Deputies present ap
proved of the speech by standing while
the president was speaking.
NEW O.RL.EANS, La., June 3.—Accord
ing to passengers arriving here to-day
from Gautemala, the earthquake disturb
ances still continue there. F. C. Willard,
who left Gautemala City May 28, says,
Iiom one to three shocks have beexi
lelt there every day, but none has been
.serious or done much damage since the
big earthquake of April 18 that destroyed
Quezaltenango. They had been sufficient
ly severe, however, to frighten most of
the foreigners out of the country. Dam
age to the coffee crop has been great, av
eraging $S0 per acre.
BERLIN, June 3. — On the reassembling
of the Reichstag to-day, the president,
Count von Ballestram, referred to the vol
canic disaster in the island of Martinique
and expressed the hearty sympathy of
the Reichstag "with the noble French
nation" on the sad occasion of this fear
ful calamity,- which horrifies all Germany.
In the territory of Choico. The
serious eruption of the volcano continues.
VALPARAISO. Chile, June 3.— A
dispatch from Lapaz, Bolivia,
dated yesterday, says that two
villages have been destroyed
and seventy-five persons killed
by the eruption of a volcano
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Disaster Occurs in the Territory of Ghoico
and Serious Eruptions Continue*
The Government of the Phi!ir>plnts is author-
Jz*><1 to prant franchises and 'concessions, in
cline the right or eminent domain, for the
construcltwB of Works of public utility, pro
vided that no private property shall be taken
v . u *l o ut Just compensation; that no franchise
snail be granted to- any corporation that shall
not be s-ut.1ect.to review by Congress, and that
all lands granted Tshs.ll revert at the expira
tion of the concession, to. the Government
by whlcn thty were made. No corporation
fcna.il be authorized to conduct the business of
ivying and sellirg real rstats and the amount
of real estate -which shall bz held by any cor
poration shall be determined by Congress. A
Mint is to be established in Manila and coins
authorized may be co'nod at the Mint the
coinage laws of the United states being ex
tended to the islands. The Philippine Gov
ernment Is authorised to coin a silver dollar
containing 410 grains of standard silver, to be
a coin of the Philippine Islands, the denom
ination of the coin to 1>* expressed in English.
Filipino and Chinese characters. Silver
broupht to the Manila Mint shall be co'ned for
the benefit of the depositor, tie Mint charging
1 cent for each dollar coined. The same coin
may be made at the. Mint in San Francisco
i>iw) the request of she Philippine Govern
ment, with the anoroval of the Secretary of
the Treasury, provided that such deposits at
the San Francisco Mint Khali be confined to
eilver produced In the Untied States. Sub
sidiary coins of silver aleo may be coined at
the Manila Mint undr-r restrictions similar to
those rrpuiating the coinage of the dollar The
dollar shall be lesal tender in the Philippines
for public and private debts, except where
otherwise stipulated. Silver certificates may b»
issued for deposits of Philippine dollars la
turns of twenty dollars or more. Other minor
subsidiary coins are provided for.
GRANT OF FRANCHISES.
Municipalities are authorized to issue bonds
for municipal improvements with the consent
of the President and Congress, the entire in
debtedness of any munlcxpality not to exceed
S per cent of the assessed valuation nt property.
It is provided that the bonds shall be gold
bonds and shall be free from any taxation. A
Kinking fusd for the payment of the bonds and
interest thereon must be provided by the mu-
Tiieipality issuing them. The city of Manila, is
authorized to incur indebtedness, in eold bonds
to an amount not exceeding $1,000,000, to pay
for a sewer system and water supply system.
The government of the Philippines shall make
rules and regulations for the disposition of the
public lands, but the regulations shall not go
into effect until approved by the President and
Congress, provided that a single homestead
entry shall not exceed forty acres, and also
provided that no such land Fhall be leased,
let or devised to any corporation until a law
regulating the- disposition of the public lands
Khali have beenxenactvd. No corporation shall
be authorized to engage !n agriculture unless
provision shall fcave been made therefor.
The bill provides at length how claims, both
agricultural and mineral, shall be located, and
the Philippine Commission is authorized to es
taLiish a mining bureau. The government of
the Philippine Islands is authorized to acquire
and convey title to real and personal property
end to acquire real. estate for public uses by
the right of eminent domain, the Philiprine
Commission is authorized to -acquire the friar
lands and is empowered to issue bonds to pay
for them. ' These lands once acquired shall be
a part of the domain of the United States and
may bo disposed of as such. Upon the Supreme
Court of the United States is conferred the
right to review the -decisions of the Supreme
Court of the Philippine?.
PUBLIC LAND LAWS.
The government of the Philippines is author
ized to provide for the needs of commerce by
Improving harbors and navigable rivers, pro
viding warehouses, lighthouses, tlgnal stations,
etc. All Ia.nd in the Philippines is placed under
the control of the Philippine Commission for
the benefit of the Inhabitants of the islands
except such as may be cedei lor the -use of the
Vr.ited States.
Meantime the Philippine Commission- is au
t'.icriz* d to esiaMuh municipal and provincial
governments with popular representative gov
ernment, so far ari-i ?.s fast as the communities
are capable and tit for the same, the Philip
pine Commission being authorized to determine
the qualilications far the electors. Tbe Presi
dent is authorized to reguiaLe the commercial
intercourse with the archipelago in the inter
est of the general welfare. '
The bill, as passed by the Senate, approves
the action of the President in creating the
PhiMjjpire Commission and the offices of Civil
Governor and Vice Governor of the islands,
and authorizes the Governor and Vice Gover
nor to exercise the powers of government as
directed by executive orders. Future appoint
ments of the Governor or Vice Governor shall,
b* made by the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
The "bill of rights" of the United States
Constitution is applied to the Philippine
Islands, with the exception of the right to bear
arms and the right to & trial by jury. The
Supreme Court and other courts of the islands
*hall t-xereise jurisdiction as heretofore pro
vicif-d by the Philippine Commission, and the
Chief Justice of the Supreme^Court shall be
«S'pointeU by the President and the Senate; the
oihers by the Civil Governor and the com
rr.jfsion. The arttnn of the President of the
Vr.ited States in levying and collecting taxes
Is approved.
All the inhabitants of the Philippine Island!"
are deemed to be citizens of the Philippine
lslanos and entitled to the protection of the
Vr.ited State?. When the Insurrection in the
islands shall have been subdued a careful cen
sus of tha islands shall be taken and after
¦ads census the Governor of the islands shall
make a lull report to the President and make
rfccnim'-ndaticns as to future government.
PROVISIONS OF THE BILL.
The debate ca the bill has been in
progress seven weeks and two days.
JLodse of Massachusetts, chairman of
the Philippine Committee, who has been
unremitting- in his advocacy of the meas
ure, was the recipient of many congratu
lations on his successful conauct yf the
bill. Just at the close of the discussion
to-day a sharp colloquy occurred be
tween DeitrlcK of Nebraska and Patter
son of Colorado, in the course of which
the former reflected caustically upon the
Colorado Senator. He was called to or
der, his remarks were read and he was
declared to have been out of order in ut
tering them, lie withdrew his state
ment, thus ending the controversy.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— Shortly after
5 o'clock this afternoon the Senate
psssed the Lodge Philippine government
bill by a vote of" 4S to 2u. Thre^Repub
licans—Hoar of Massachusetts, ..iason of
lliinoit. and Wellington of Maryland
voted against the measure, and one Dem
ocrat, McLaurin of South Carolina, voted
ior it. All amendments offered by the
minority were rejected.
All Kejected.
Vote Against the Measure and the
Minority Amendments Are
Three Republicans and One Democrat
Nebraskan and Coloradan
Engage in a Sharp
Dispute.
Prolonged Debate on
Island Government
. at an End.
PHILIPPINE
BILL PASSES
THE SENATE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
VOLCANO IN BOLIVIA DESTROYS TWO
VILLAGES AND KILLS MANY PEOPLE
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
difficult 'Digestion
That is dyspepsia.
It makes life miserable.
Its sufferers eat not because they want
to— but simply because they must.
They know they are irritable and fret-
ful; but they cannot be otherwise.
They complain of a bad taste in iha
mouth, a tenderness at the ¦ pit of the
stomach, an uneasy feelins of puffy full-
ness, headache, heartburn and what not.
The effectual remedy, proved by perma-
nent cures of thousands of severe Cases, is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Hood's Pills are the best cathartic. *
ERUSA
Cures Piles, or $5O Forfeited.
No Mercury or Opiates.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
I*. ZEH. 1226 Market «t
WAKELEE & CO.. Buah and Montgomery tta.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.. 94» Market tt!
DR. H. B. KILBOURN, 531 Third «t.
SEARBY'S PHARMACY. 40O Sutter gt.
J. CALEGAR1S. Kearny and Pacific tta.
F. B. HULTING. Third and Howard Bta..
W E. MAYHEW, 144 Fourth «t.
R. W. COFFIN. Sixteenth and Valencia sts
J. H. WINTER, Twenty-fifth and Valencia sta.
E. HAPPERSBERGER. Sixth and Mission §Ul
C. F. FULLER, Clay and Flllmore sts.
D. D. HUNT. 180O Halght St.
SHAW PHARMACY. Sutter and Powell' sU.
GLEASON. Kearny and Clay sts. '
E. J. SMITH. Eddy and Taylor sts.
ARIEL. PHARMACY, 400 Hayes st.
STOCKTON-ST. PHARMACY. 100 Stockton at
J.S. POTTS DRUG CO.. 1018 Market A 11 Eddy*
JUNCTION PHARMACY. 2000 Market st.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTOP.ATIVE, IN'VIQORA.
¦ tor and Nervine. - ... ..f*r
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexrs.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
*E& CN!CHESTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
. MiqtfrgT injection. 5
,.rA PERMANENT CURE |
5 of the moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
2 »nd Gleet, euaranteed in- from 3 to 8 <
< days ; nc other treatment required. <
S . Sold by all druggists. >
Under Royal Warrant
. -4L " THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
issupplied to
His' Majesty, The King of England
H. R. H. The Prince of Wales,
and' served at all the Court Festivities.
Think of 0000^^^,^^^
AVe carry twenty-one different makes of Y^^^ \A''>
pianos,* for which we are sole agents, ; i^*~ a range of \V
These Pianos range In price to suit 'every K**j§ |V
pocketbobk. We carry five lines of tho Hk^§? prices — $ V ',
highest grade Pianos produced by human Blm£~ ¦*?
rkill. Call on us or write. iraiskl from high to v?
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., ||| iow-of any j
2 931 Market Street, San Francisco, BifKrj. lioncn ?n tliH i^
All Market-street cars stop In front of E§rrU jgr
Branch 951 Broadway, Oakland. ffPp ' ' _ ._*Noble Charles L. Field, chairman of the
executive committee, is engaged daily in
the work of preparation, and in this he is
assisted by Noble R. P. Hurlbut, grand
marshal of the parade, and Thomas Mor
ton, one of the best-natured Shrlner3,'
who is never neglected when advice is
sought. ,
musical selections, as the Shriners are all
fond of good music, and they being will
ing to pay for the best_will have it.
Rodgers Confesses Incendiarism.
SANTA CRUZ, June 3. — Rev. James
Laurie Rodgers, the former Baptist min
ister, confessed to-day that he' . started
the fire at the Natural Bridge dairy on
Sunday. He was formally charged with
arson, and will be examined as to his san
ity.
SANTA ROSA. June 3.— The Fifth Regi
ment Infantry, N. G. C. will go int»
camp at Ukiah, Mendocino County, on
June 21, and wiil not break camp until
the 29th. The regiment is composed of
Company A of Oakland. B of San Jose,
C of Petaluma. D of San Rafael. E of
Santa Roaa, F of Oakland. G of Alameda.
H of Napa, I of Llvermore and the sani
tary corps of Oakland. The campgrounds
at Mendocino's capital are among the best
in the State, and the citizens of Uklah
expect to entertain the visiting militia
men in royal style.
Fifth -Regiment Encampment.
VALLEJO. June 3.— Thomas Levine
Barton, who was arrested in Lincoln,
Cal., a few days ago and brought to Va
llejo by Chief of Police Stanford on a
charge of forgery, pleaded guilty in the
Superior Court to-day and was sentenced
to eleven years* Imprisonment. Since the
14th of last October Barton has passed
thirty-three forged checks, which netted
about $1300.
Forger Barton Sentenced.
P? Going to Thunder Mountain PP
Tho Northern Pacific Railway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewiston
and Stltes. Idaho, there are jrood -pagon roads
to eHher Warrens or Dixie, from *rhlch point j
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELEK.
G. A., 647 Market st.. S. F. . :.• '.'¦
SAN DIEGO, June 3.— The Elks of San
Diego Lodge No. 188 are planning to give
Frederick Warde a genuine Elk recep
tion when he comes on the 20th of the
month to open the Isis Theater under the
new management of H. C. Wyatt. Warde
will be Invited to preside at a social ses
sion after theater hours. The members
of the local lodge will attend the- theater
In a body.
Elks Will Welcome Warde.
SUISUN, June 3.— Thomas McKay has
commenced an action against the McKay
Tanning Company, W. R. Knight & Co.
and other defendants to recover $50,000
damages claimed to have been caused by
willful mismanagement, by the defend
ants, of the McKay Tanning Company's
establishment at Benicia. He claims the
defendants have tried to sell the property
without his consent.
Sues Business Partners.
r STOCKTON, June 3.— There was. hardly
a stamp dropping on the mother lode to
day, owing to- a big break in the Tuo
lumne County water ditch yesterday.
The break was caused by a high pressure
of water due to the snoty and hail storm
on Saturday and Sunday. Sixteen sec
tiGns. of flume crossing a canyon went
out, . besides several yards of the ditch.
Fully ten days will be required to make
repairs. \
Big Break in Water Flume.
can be cleared and traffic resumed.
Wrecking crews and surgeons have been
hurried to the scene. It Is expected the
injured passengers will arrive here In the
morning. No. 13 was due In San Fran
cisco at 8:55 o'clock to-morrow morning.
the Southern Pacific Company's south
bound Oregon express, went Into the ditch
shortly after 11 o'clock to-night near An
derson, a station just this side of Red
ding. The fireman and engineer were
killed and a number of passengers were
injured. The dead:
W. R. WHITE, engineer.
R. D. VAN TASSELL, fireman.
These are the only two fatalities report
ed in the meagre account received In this
city, but the loss of life may have been
greater. None of the names of the in
jured have been received. The bodies OS
the engineer and fireman are still under
the wreck.. - .
The cause of the catastrophe was a mis
placed switch, which had been tampered
with by some miscreant. The locomotive
was completely demolished and several of
the forward cars are badly smashed.
There was no warning of the disaster and
the engine crew had no chance to escape
death by leaping/ from the cab.
Many hours will elapse before the track
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— Train No. 15.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/Special Clspatch to The Call.
FRESNO, June 3.— Twelve hours ago
the country for. miles around, comprising
Wolters Colony, Auberry Valley,' Squaw
Valley and Pollasky, fifteen to "twenty
miles from Fresno, was a fertile region,
covered by ripening grain and corn,
heavily laden fruit trees, grape vines and
excellent pasture. Now this country pre
sents a scene of devastation and barren
ness. An army of grasshoppers settled
down upon the land and not a leaf cr a
blade of grass escaped the ravagers.
Everything which is green is doomed.
A patch ten miles square, just across
the river from Pollasky, is covered by
grasshoppers or locusts, presenting an
even, brown appearance, ever moving and
shifting, but never a green spot visible.
Further east, toward Auberry Valley,
hundreds of acres are likewise covered.
It is impossible to make any estimate as
to the amount of damage they will do.
The hoppers have • only . arrived and
there is no telling how long they intend
to remain. To give an idea of the.dam
age they, may do, it is sufficient to say
that seven years ago one rancher near
Pollasky was visited by the plague, which
be fought bravely for four months, at the
end of which time he had lost $8000.
SANTA FE DECIDES TO
FIGHT THE STRIKERS
Railroad Company Declares a Lock-
out at Its San . Bernardino
Shops. :
SAN BERNARDINO, June 3.— The sit
uation at the Santa Fe machine shops in
this city has not^improyed, and from the
present outlook the trouble will not be
settled for some time. Railway officials
and representatives of the shopmen
were in conference during the afternoon,
but were unable to reach an agreement.
The railroad officials agreed to every de
mand of .; the striking boiler-makers in
this city, but the men refused to go back
to work until a settlement were made
with the strikers at Needles. This
seemed to make g. settlement out of
question and determined the railroad offi
cials in declaring a ldckout, which took
effect to-day.
That the Santa Fe is determined to
fight to a finish is shown by the fact that
it has Issued orders to reduce the steam
pressure on all engines twenty pounds,
thus saving the boilers and lessening the
liability of accidents.
Desertions From the Ranger.
SAN DIEGO, June 3.— During the past
week desertions have been numerous
from the United States cruiser Ranger.
In all twenty-four seamen have left her
since news came that she probably would
be "ordered south to relieve the cruiser
Philadelphia at Panama. So many have
g-one that it has been necessary to send
l'or a quota of thirty new men, and they
are expected to arrive from Mare Island
on Thursday evening. The cruiser will
get away the n«xt morning, if possible.
To Be Consecrated in San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, June 2.— The consecration
of the Rev. H. B. Restarick as Bishop of
Honolulu Is to take place in his .own
church, St. Paul's, of this city, on the
first or second I Sunday in July. Mr.
Restarick will -leave soon after the conse
cration for his new field of work in
Hawaii.
Wrecking Crews and Surgeons Are
Hurried to the Scene, and Unfor
tunates "Will Be Taken to
Sacramento. ,
Many Passengers Injured in
Disaster to Number 15,
Southbound. .
The spectacle of a swarm of bees caus
ing a total suspension of work on a build
ing on the principal business street was
a occurrence. Several hun
dred spectators were punctured -by the
busy Insects. •> • - v<
Finally -the foreman in charge of the
forces at work on the foundation armed
his men with tin pans, cow bells and
other noise-producing instruments,, filled
a bushel basket with grape leaves, and to
the discordant music • of the tinware
finally got the bees to enter the basket.
They were promptly, covered and care
fully taken far away.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 3.— A swarm
of bees this afternoon took possession of
the excavation work being done for the
Keith building on South Main street, and
for an hour totally routed twenty-nve or
thirty workmen. Several attempts were
made to hive 1 the bees, but with no other
result than to arouse their anger. One or
two horses were stung by the bees and re
taliated by kicking holes in a wagon and
nearly killine the driver.
Engineer and Fireman
of Oregon Express i
Are Killed.
Hymenopterous Intruders
Sting Hundreds of
Spectators.
Army of Insects so Great as
Completely to Cover
the Ground.
Invasion of a Multitude
of Insects Stops
LatJor.
Lay Waste Large^Tract
Within a Few ; Short
Hours.
TRAIN GOES
INTO DITCH
AT ANDERSON
'HOPPERS RAVAGE
FRESNO RANCHES
SWARM OF BEES
OUSTS WORKMEN
THREE MEMBERS OF ISLAM
TEMPLE WHO WILL WEL
COME SHRINERS. v
XEVAt>A, June 3. — An interesting se
quel to the suit for $30,000 filed by ths
Menlo Mining Company of Nevada Coun
ty against J. M. Lakenan and others in
San Francisco last week was begun in
the Superior Court of this county to-day
by the Lakenan interests against the di
rectors of the Menlo company. The pres
ent suit is to enjoin the Menlo people
from levying an assessment of 3 cents a
share on the capital stock of the company
to pay the costs of defending a suit
brought by the Lakenan faction a month
or two ago to enjoin the present defend
snts from allowing the Omaha Consoli
dated Mining Company to crosscut the
Mtnlo property.
Intricate Mining Litigation.
WILLIAMS, Ariz., June 3.— The first
party of Mystic Shriners en route to San
Francisco arrived here, to-day. It consists
of members of Kora ? Temple of Maine..
The party is in charge of Potentate E. V.
Emerson and comprises tne following del
egates and friends: Mr. and Mrs. E. V.
Emerson, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Wakefleld,
Mr., and Mrs. H. M. Cashman, Mr. and
Mrs. W. F. Phinnlc. Mrs. E. M. Pingree,
Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Lovejoy, Mrs. Lizzie
Curtis, Miss L. W. Sleeper, Miss D0IH3
Wood and H. A. Clay. They visit the
Grand Canyon to-night and return to
morrow to resume their pilgrimage to
San Francisco.
The youth told a pathetic story in court
of his parents having separated when he
was 11 years of age. since which time he
had been buffeted about. His mother re
sides in Los Angeles, and knows nothing
of his crime. Tears sprang to his eyes
when Kidd made the request that the
charge be reduced to the lesser offense.
SANTA ROSA. June 3.-Lewis Edward
Baggs, IS years of age, wa3 held by Jus
tice John Brown this morning to answer
to the charge of grand larceny before the
Superior Court. The defendant recently
stole the bicycle of William H. Kidd while
the latter was attending lodge, and
painted the wheel a dark green to pre
vent it being recognized by its owner.
In court Baggs admitted his guilt. The
owner of the bicycle asked that the
charge be reduced to petty larceny, but
this was found to be impossible under the
law. . •
the Purloiner of His
/ Bicycle.
Santa Rosa Citizen Attempts to Save
PLEADS IN VAIN FOR
YOUTH WHO ROBBED HIM
. The promenade concert in the Pavilion
will be an unusually fine affair, and the
programme will include some of the best
The night parade also promises to be
a most attractive affair, for In It will be
introduced a number of novelties that, are
calculated to make the onlookers open
their eyes. A feature of the parade will
be *the introduction of light effects, so
that all may have an opportunity to un
derstand what is meant by the phrase so
often used in Shrine literature, "holdlr-g
on to the rope." Great preparations are
being made for the pioneer feature, which
will be an emigrant train such as existed
in "the days of old, the days of gold, the
days of '49." During the march this will
b-» attacked by a band of red men, and
there will be a skirmish to illustrate the
danger of the early pioneers. Colonel H.
J. Burns, an old-time Shriner, who came
over the emigrant trail in the latter part
of the '40's, will be the scout for the gold
seekers. There will be a large float rep
resenting California. On this there will
bo a young lady personating Eureka, with
a bear at her feet emblematic of the seal
of the State, and surrounding her will be
a number of young ladies, all dressed in
white, covered with popples, each repre
senting one of the counties. This float Is
to be drawn by white horses decorated
with garlands of golden poppies.
A number of other floats are to be an
nounced In a few days, each of which will
make a fine showing.
POSSIBLY one of the greatest fea
tures that will te noticeable in
this city during the Shriners"
gathering will be the parade by
the Arab patrol, headed by the
mounted patrol and followed by several
thousand nobles of the Ancient Arabic
Order of the Mystic Shrine/ ajl attired in
either full dress or Tuxedo coat, low cut
vest and red fez.
This afternoon a banquet to the alumni
occurred. The alumni elected officers as
follows: President, Mrs. J. J. Burt of San
Francisco; vice president, Mrs. John
Auzerais of San Jose; secretary. Miss
Stella Eaton of San Francisco; corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. Kathenne
Chandler of San Francisco; vice presi
dents — Mrs. James McCone of San Fran
cisco, Mrs. Alice Galley of San Jose, Mrs.
Luke Robinson of San Francisco, Miss
Buckley and Mrs. A. Porter of Santa Bar
bara, Mrs. M. Veuve of Los Gatos and
Mrs. W. Mueller of Oakland.
SAN JOSE, June 3.— The College of No
tre Dame celebrated Its fifty-first com
mencement this morning before an audi
ence that filled the college hall. Palms,
ferns and white carnations decorated the
stage, and the young ladies were dressed
in pure white. Archbishop RIordan and
many visiting priests were present. Miss
Mary Miller and Miss Elizabeth Phillips
received the college diplomas.
A fine musical programme was rendered
by the young ladles of the school. "Wil
liam Tell" (Rossini), arranged by Sisters
of Notre Dame, was«a masterpiece. The
orchestral accompaniment consisted of
thirty pieces. Solo parts were sung by
Miss Agulrre and Miss Cummings.
Archbishop Riordan delivered an ad
dress to the graduates and awarded the
medals of honor.
Fine Musical Programing Marks the
Fifty-First Commencement
Exercises.
COLLEGE OF NOTRE DAME
REWARDS ITS GRADUATES
Edson is ¦» determined officer and some
of the citizens of San Jose are inclined to
believe he is on the right track. He is
part Mexican and is conversant w!th the
country to which he is going.
Waselewski escaped from the officers
and nothing was heard of him for years.
Edson. in the meantime, kept up his
eearch. spending his own money. He
made several futile trips about .the coun
try and Fer.t out circulars at his own ex
pense. Finally Edson located "W'aselewski
in a jail in New Mexico, where he was
serving time for sheep stealing. Requisi
tion papers \were obtained and Edson
brought the man back to San Jose. Here
he was tried, convicted and hanged. At
the last session of the Legislature Edson
was allowed $1009 for money expended in
the quest.
Kdson knows Dunham intimately. For
years Edson was a Deputy Sheriff of this
county and he was a shrewd officer. It
¦wsa he who hunted down Juan Waselew
eki. who about twenty years ago mur
dered his wife in Los Gatos. Edson and
the woman, before she became Waselew
ski's wife, were lovers, but she Jilted Ed
son to marry the man who afterward
killed hc-r. After the murder Edson swore
vengeance and at once started on the
trail of the murderer.
The news from Sacramento to-day that
Edson had obtained requisition papers on
Mexico substantiates to a degree what
Edson gave out here.
Dunham, when he left here in 1896, was
supposed to have gone south and from
time to time reports hove been received
that he was seen in Mexico. The mur
derer of the McGIincys was a thorough
Spanish scholar and this evidently helped
him with the Indians, if he went among
them. Edson told one party that the
murderer was with Indians in a moun
tainous country and he expected to en
counter trouble in getting him. Dunham
is said to exercise great Influence over the
Indians and the latter undoubtedly will
light for him.
Edson was here about ten days ago. At
that time he spoke of having Dunham lo
cated, but refused to give any details.
He told several persons he was positive
of his man's identity. Stayton, a short
time ago, was in the Southwest buying
cattle and is said to have received infor
mation of Dunham's whereabouts.
DUKJSAM'S PROBABLE COURSE.
SAN JOSE, June 3. — James C. Dunham/
the murderer of the McGlincy family «it
Campbell, is said to be a subchief among
the Navajo Indians in the State of So
nora, Mexico. It has been reported that
a v.hite man is with this tribe and that
he answers the description of Dunham.
Juan Edson, a former officer of this coun
ty, received information a few weeks ago
to that effect and last Friday evening he
started for Sacramento to obtain extradi
tion papers before proceeding to Mexico
in the hope that he will catch the mur
derer and earn the $11,000 reward offered.
With him is W. H. Stayton, a former
Constable of Gilroy.
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— The Govern
or's office to-day issued to Juan Edson, a
detective of Oakland, requisition papers
for J. C. Dunham, the Santa Clara Coun
ty murderer. Edson claims he has Dun
ham located in Mexico.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Claims to Have the Slayer of the
McGlincy Family Located in
the Mountains of
Sonora.
Former San • Jose Officer Is
Granted Requisition by
the Governor.
Colonel Dunne presented a handsome
gavel to Samuel F. Jones of Kentucky,
president of the association. Tne gavel
wns of Philippine wood and was enclosed
in a case of Oregon wood. Each dele
gate to the convention was presented with
a "flask in the shape of a traveling bag,
by George Cleveland of New \ork. lne
iiasks were of oxidized silver. Earlier in
the day the delegates to the convention
visited the North Pacific mill and saw tha
operation of converting giant logs of Ore
gon lir into lumber and shingles. The
ladies accompanying th<! delegates were
given a drive about the. city during the
afternoon. During the session of the con
vention to-day several telegrams of con
gratulation were received from Eastern
traveling men.
The employment committee reported
that it had received 192 applications for
positions and 2SS applications for men.
The number of positions procured was
104.
The most - prominently mentioned as
candidates for the presidency of the as
sociation are Howard W. Teak of Texas;
Louis Oechs of New Orleans, and Hor
ace C. Starr of Indiana.
PORTLAND, Or., June 3.— The conven
tion of the national organization of the
Traveling Men's Protective Association
v.-as called to order this afternoon by Col
onel li. M. Dunne of Portland, chairman
of the executive committee. Committees
v.ere appointed and the active business of
the convention was begun.
Delegates Visit Mill and See
Giant Firs Converted
Into Lumber.
Juan Edson Going to
Mexico to Capture
the Murderer.
Protective Association
Opens Its Sessions
in Portland.
In Night Parade Will Be Many Novelties, Including
Attack by Indians on Emigrant Train.
SAYS DUNHAM
IS A SACHEM
OF NAVAJOES
TRAVELING MEN
IN CONVENTION
ARAB PATROL WILL HEAD
PROCESSION OF SHRINERS
MADERA, June 3.— Madera "County's
delegates to the Republican State Con
vention will go instructed to do all in their
power, to bring about the nomination of
Thomas Flint for Governor. - ¦ •
Madera Instructs for Flint.
WEWOKA, I. T., June 3.— Halsutta
Micco, a full-blood Indian, was to-day
elected chief of the Seminoles, defeating
John F.Brown, a half-blood,' who is just
completing his fourth term. Brown Is on»
of the most influential chiefs in the Terri
tory, and • his defeat, it is believed, will
have a tendency to hasten the dissolution
of .the Semlnole tribal government.
Chief of Seminoles Elected.
CH1CO, June 3.— Deputy United States
Marshal de Lancle to-day arrested A.
Helwlg, a restaurant keeper of this city,
on a charge of sending vulgar and ob
scene letters through the mall. Miss Lena
Closse, , who received the letters, turned
them over to the . United States officers.
She was formerly 'engaged to marry Hel
wig, .-but broke the engagement. Helwig
was taken to San Francisco to-night to
appear- before the United States court.
Misuse of Mails.
The Legislature probably will stand as
follows: Senate— Republicans 20, Demo
crats 10. House— Republicans . 40, Demo
crats 20. On joint ballot— Republicans
60, Democrats SO.
George H. Williams (R.) will have at
least 800 majority for Mayor of Portland
The entire Republican ticket in • Multno
mah County is successful.
PORTLAND, br., June 5.-Practically
complete returns from twenty-eight ' out
of the thirty-three counties in the State
and estimated majorities in the remain
ing five give Chamberlain (D.) 258 major
ity for Governor. It now appears that it
will require complete returns to decide
the Governorship, and the result jnay not
be known for several days. The. entire
Republican ticket, with the exception of
the Governor, is elected by from 7000 v to
12,000.
Very Slight Lead ot
Chamberlain ,Over
Furnish'
OREGON RESULT
NOW IN DOUBT
.uANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
3
The Morning's Mourning
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As George Ade says, in his new opera, "Ki-Ram:"
"It is no time for mirth and lanzbter
"The cold eray dawn of the moniine after."
A fur overcoat on your tongue; "hair on your teeth;" a taste "as if a cat
"k^*^^ i had littered in your mouth;" nerves a-trem-
ble; aching hair; a "bust-head of splitting
'-^ly^d^^rfan j a & on y;"' appetite— none; movement of the
'^^.i^f^i^^^^tM/' bowels — not a sign; present (unwelcome vis-
**^yjE*^&*^ "\ itor), Gen. R. E. Morse. Never do it again,
yT" 0^/^^ f eh? Oh yes, you will. Remember
o»\ J**^ I ||The Devil was sick; the Devil a monk would be,
!» roil*^ . / flC^l 1 '1 "The Devil pot well; the Devil a monk was he,"
JHy JWJJ'^P^ V 'fiaAU and a Cascaret three times on the day of
v&^A t^&ZLj&&\~ *^2/ misery will make you well. But, for goodness
yy&» <sf»«""5lg^HgC3y^^ I sake, be wise, tip to the century, and the next
1 v^J^^^^MT^ T me ou *>° out w^k *k e boys, eat too much,
W /||iS3iPg|%g^. 1 drink too much, irritate your stomach, block
•v.- Vfilslrwls-S^ir /^\ your bowels, don't forget that you can pre-
/^^'i^^m J I ' vent tne "morning's mourning" by taking
ysS*^?*!^ /^&0f a Cascaret Candy Cathartic before you go to
jer>[*isr k £ cl" They work while you sleep and make
** / I \ y° u awa -ke bright as a new dollar in the
L? V^*7f|ip'^ / morning. Always carry a box in your pocket,
il. /~\\ Hp/ / and have another on your dresser and another
if H ' on y° ur n 'S^ t table. Also one
I j ft "In your crip — on a trip,"
S — 5> — «/ *' lest y° u for z et -
/f??X,-> a v* n-/»4i%. Best for the Bpwels. AH druggists, 10c, 35c, 50c. Never sold in bulk.
It V,..a£"/LP li MaLw The genuin&tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
yjWto^yy^ywy s am pj e and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company. Chicjjo or New York. 543
If you are a union man you should wear union- '^^^pf^H^^MV
made clothing, as you are following out the principles of ¦ /Wi^mMm^^^l^
If you are not interested in union- made goods from
a business or fraternal standpoint, you should wear /^^^Si|^^^^S^^ /
union-made clothing, as it is made under perfect S3ni- V^^^^p^ 1 1
tary conditions. A union label on a garment means that \^^^^^^^^^^/|
it was made in a light, clean, airy workshop, which is >\^Ji m^mm^^mtm
Sweat shop clothes reek with germs, and were you | mBlfflillBilB ff
to know under what deplorable conditions they are il i^lSliliHli
manufactured you would always dem.md the union label VfaHRHHfflB i
Our clothing is made by us in cur workshops and ¦ \\\V vHyN^HnHf fflM
we employ union labor exclusively. We sell direct to. UulSpJ^fSm
the wearer and more than overcome the extra cost en- \\\\ M^^H'^j^. 1 If I
tailed in paying skilled labor the wages they demand. u\\nlHJRi>ll
We can sell you a union-made, guaranteed suit for wBrnfflHitt •^• ;^ :
$9, with the privilege of money backjf you want it. \^Bffl!lH I'll " '
Blue serges and m xed tweeds and cheviots. vllllilliill
Men's striped worsted trousers, worth $2.50, price while they last S?1.95. \^^mfflffli 111
'^fes^^L A grea . 1 many mothers do not know hst w e carry a most complete line of
--'/«fll*t^\ novelty suits for boys, so v;e choose this week to acquaint them with the fact
/ W§FwW'Bnf^\ N that they Can SaVC aS mUCh money here on a novelt y suit as on something
/^MS^l^ejii 1 !!^ We are showin S three distinctive styles for the little men. from 3 to 10
¦vlra ifpP f I " ?W8 years of age; a11 th ° SuitS are somethin S likc the Picture shown. Sale will end
\^k& li 'ffll ! !'f lS™ One is the Academic - as Pictured; it has plaits and yokes and a shield.
&Mtf& lllluWl I ! flisiiPlvl} Another style is the Bar Harbor. It has a plain double-breasted coat with
ip I jilllli' scalloped front and back and a shield.
\ : 'nl4^i| !i>' « pP^\- The third style is a Yoke-Norfolk. It has box plaits, yoke, belt and shield.
\ Jiilfl 1 li Mr V The materials in a11 st >' les are serges and mixtures; actual values, $5.00',
\\^»y^Ji*s<M»T'' ' oo and $6-50. Sale price,
it h ' I' lwf(! it" Baseball and bat free with every suit in the Boys' Outfitting Department. '
11 i' ' i ll!! |i Six beautiful pastels, daintily tied with a ribbon, free to mothers for the
a u i \lpill Dewey explosion canes free with purchase of suit or overcoat in this de-
j0^~^-> *^m& 718 Market Street alogue.
OS THE MOST SB*
COMFORTABLE I/INE,
to be orv is tKe Sa^ivi Fe . Living
: ; on. the California. Limited i« 2ls
luxurious a.s residing" in 2c< s*
Fif Ik Avenue pzwla^ce. Sumptu-
ous 2Lppointmenfcs: myriads ofV J
real electric lights -* '«< • ¦
Chicago, m three days
City T'icKet Office 641 - Market St.
i | DRINK
Natural Lcxative Mineral Water.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
I Over ono thousand physicians have
j testified to the fact that
! HUHYADI Ji&tiOS
i
I will positively euro Constipation and
; ! all forms of Stomach Disorder* and
¦ Liver Troubles. Taken in the morning,
I half hour before breakfast, it vrtll pro-
i dues a copious evacuation without
I causing any discomfort. s
BE SURE
j . you GET Huny ndi JANOS. . When buy
Ing esk for Hunyadl JANOS (full name)
or you may be imposed upon.
Bottle has Blue label with red center.WELL-KXCmX RESIDENT OF HUNTERS POINT IMAGINES GOLD IS HIDDEN IN TOMATO CANS AND WITH
HIS BROTHER'S AID IS TRYING TO UNEARTH THE BURIED TREASURE. A FEW VIEWS OF THE
QUEST FOR THE YELLOW METAL.
A new frat house will be built at Berke
ley by the members of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity as soon as a suitable loca
tion can be found. Articles of incorpora
tion of a building association were filed
yesterday. The name of the corporation
ia the Theta Delta Ghi Building Associa
tion of California and the directors are
G. W. Halght, S. E. Walker, J. O. Bur
rage, P. B. Roberts and St. J. E. Mc-
Cormick.
"Will Build Frat House.
The excellent picture of. his Majesty
King Edward published in yesterday's
morning's Call was the reproduction of a
photograph furnished by Taber, the well
known photographer. The photo was
taken by Mr. Taber himself while on a,
tour through Europe. At the request of
the King-, through Lord Marcus Beres
ford. Mr. Tabor was asked to ?o
to Marlborough House and there photo
graph his Majesty. Mr. Taber has the
distinguished honor of' being the only
American called upon tfl( photograph King
Edward. - : • --:*--:¦•
Makes Fine Photograph of King.
The following statement of the number
of births and deaths recorded during May
was issued yesterday by Statistician Ed
ward M. Coffey of the Health Board:
Total deaths registered, 578, against 595 for
May, 1901, making a death rate of 18.12 per
1000 per annum, against 19.82 last year. Total
births. 449, against 353 for May. 1901. The
death rate is based on a population of 360,000,
while the Chief of Police claims San Francisco
has a population of 420,000, which would sen
sibly decrease the death rate.
Deaths by sexes — 335 males, 243 females.
Races — 538 whites, 37 Mongolians, 3 Africans.
Nativities — 204 Pacific Coast, 08 other States,
208 foreign, S unascertained.
Principal causes of death — Diphtheria 14,
measles fl, typhoid fever 9,, septic diseases 10,
cancer 34, leprosy 1; pulmonary tuberculosis
Ci), old ngo 15. alcoholism 9. diseases of brain
15, diseases of heart C5, pneumonia 54, violent
deaths 43. . . . . •. :
Statistician Edward M. Coffey Files
Monthly Statement Showing De
, crease in Rate.
BIRTHS AND DEATHS
REGISTERED IN MAY
In the Derby Maher will ride the Duke
of Devonshire's brown colt Cheres, 20 to 1
against; Jenkins will have the mount on
AVallace Johnston's bay colt Fowling
Piece, 100 to 9 against; J. H. Martin will
pilot John Gubbins' brown colt Ard Pat
rick, 7 to 1 against; J. Keiff will be in the
saddle on William C. Whitney's chestnut
colt Intruder, 100 to 6 against, and Spen
cer will have the mount on J.. R. Keene's
brown colt Kearsarge, 100 to 1 against. All
these horses are regarded as outsiders ex
cept Ard Patrick, which is supported by
many of the sporting papers as being the
best "gamble" for a place in the race.-
Reiff, who it is said has had an offer to
ride R. S. Siever's bay filly Sceptre, the
favorite, at 5 to 4 against, and had Wil
liam C. Whitney's permission to do so,
says he would^ rather ride a loser for
Whitney than win for Siever.
To-day'3 races were marred by acci
dents to three jockeys in the race for the
Craven stakes. Owing to the uneyennes3
of the turf three horses collided, throw
ing their riders, including England's pre
mier jockey, Lane, to the ground, and in
capacitating him from riding in the. Der
by. Maher (American) '¦ succeeded in cap
turing the Woodcote stakes and the Wal
lington plate, the latter on Mrs. Lang
try's Smilax.
LONDON, June 3.— Many i- Americana
found their way to Epsom to-diy, where
King Edward and a brilliant suite
watched the races, which will culminate
to-morrow in what is expected to be the
best Derby for years. Nearly all the
members of the royal family and the for
eign potentates in England will be the
KingV guests for the Derby. The demand
for coaches threatens to exceed the sup-
Declines to Ride Siever's
Sceptre, Favorite for
Classic Race.
Will Have the Mount
on Intruder in Eng
lish Derby.
REIFF RIDES
FOR WHITNEY
$9 00 will buy a good buggy harness. 10
per cent off Wednesday and Saturday.
Leibold Harness Co., 211 Larkin street
opposite City Hall. •
Big Harness Sale.
Carmen Melville, who says she Is a
chorus girl, was convicted by Judge Mo
gan yesterday on a charge of malicious
mischief. She broke a window in John
Ersine's saloon at 733 Howard street Mon
day afternoon because Ersine ordered her
out, telling her that he did not allow
women !n the place. /
Malicious Chorus Girl.
Is the one malt tonic that is the strictly
pure extract of malt. It is prepared only
by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
which fact guarantees the purity, excel
lence and merit claimed for it. •
Malt-Nutrine
Sergeant Shaw of the Chinatown squad
submitted his first monthly report to
Chief Wittman yesterday. It was looked
upon as most favorable and showed that
he and his men had been exercising un
usual vlgrilance. During the month the
total arrests were 284, which were disposed
of as follows: Convicted and paid fine 205*
convicted- and confined, 14; dismissed 64
pending, 1. The total fines and forfeitures
amounted to ?1735.
Work of Chinatown Squad.
One of these resolutions, by Goldfogle
of New York, called for detailed informa
tion on expenditures, etc., during the
American administration in Cuba; an
other, by Bartlett of Georgia, asked for
information relative to salary, compensa
tion, etc., paid to " Governor General
wood. A third resolution, by Slayden of
Texas, asked for a list of officers who had
been retired soon after promotion.
It was stated that the action in tabling
the resolutions was because they were
looked upon as an indirect criticism of
the administration's course in Cuha.
WASHINGTON, June 3.-The House
Committee on Military Affairs voted to
day to table the resolutions of inquiry ad
dressed to the War Department relative
to expenditures in Cuba, The action was
on party lines, and the Democrats gave
notice of filing minority reports^
Representatives "Will Not
Discuss Cuban Ex
penditures.
DAMPER FALLS
ON CRITICISM
"William H. Adams was held to answer
before the Superior Judge by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on a charge of forgery.
He is accused of forging the name of
Hugh E. Haffey, head janitor in the Phe
lan building, to an order on the Harry
Unna Company, 113 Battery street, for a
supply of brushes, dusters and other
articles. There are two- other charges
pending against him.
Adams Is Held for Forgery.
"* R. H. , E.
Chicago 7 11 ' 2
Philadelphia 0 16 0
Batteries — Callahan and Sullivan; Plank and
Bchreckongost. ' / ¦ • .
CLEVELAND, June 3. — Cleveland-Boston
game postponed; rain. ' .
Washington 2 8 1
Detroit 0 2 0
Batteries — Patton and Clark; Mercer and Me-
Guire.
PHILADELPHIA. June 3.— Chicago failed to
do anything of any consequence with Plank's
delivery up to the ninth inning, when, with
two men out, they made six hits, including
three doubles. Attendance. 1819. Score: *
WASHINGTON. June 3.— To-day's game be
tween Washington and Detroit was a pitchers'
battle between Patton and Mercer, neither side
scoring for eight innings. Four bunched hits
by the home team in their last turn at bat
won the game. ! Attendance, 3057. Score : :
R. H, E.
BALTIMORE. Md., June 3.— McGinnlty ha.l
one bad inning: this afternoon, in the first gams
of the series with St. Louis, but the Baltimore
team played a cteady uphill game and won
out by hitting F. Donohue before • he was re
placed by Sudhoff. Attendance, 2104. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 7 12 4
St. Louis C 5 1
Batteries — McGlnnity and Robinson; F. Don
ohue. Sudhoff and J. Donahue.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 3.— Eddie
Bmlth. who holds the world's amateur
mile bicycle record of 1:57 3-5, made on
Bicycle Riders Turn Professional.
The committee is in favor of all the
new vessels recommended by the House
and at the prices fixed in the House bill,
but strikes out the provision that half
the vessels shall be built in Government
yards. There Is a provision authorizing
the construction either of a battleship or
a cruiser on the Pacific Coast. The Sec
retary of the Navy is authorized to con
tract with the Holland Company for five
submarine boats and he also mav have
tested any other submarine boat and pur
chase one at a cost not to exceed $175,003.
The bill as reported increases the appro
priation made by the House $964,342, mak
ing a grand total of $78,166,838;
The committee recommends the striking
out of the House bill the provision repeal
ing parts of the naval personnel act ot
March 3. 1899, and also increasing the navy
pay corps to the extent of forty-three
officers.
WASHINGTON. June 3.-Senator Hale,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to.
day reported the naval appropriation bill
to the Senate.
Appropriation Bill Car
ries Seventy-Eight
[ Millions.
"Will Try to Keep Pace With. Mike
Fisher's Aggrega
tion.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, June S.— The New York» could
do nothing with the Chicago team to-day and
the result was another defeat for the home
team, the eleventh straight. Attendance. 2400.
Score :
K. H. E.
Chicago .12 16 4
New York 4 8 5
Batteries — J. Taylor and Chance; L. Taylor
and Yeager. Umpire — Cantillion.
PHILADELPHIA, June X— To-day's game
was a stubborn contest, Philadelphia winning
in the tenth inning. Plttsburg tied the score
in the seventh through Wagner's home run,
a sacrifice and two singles. White's pitching
was superb. Attendance, 15!)S. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 4 3
Philadelphia 4 10 4
Batteries — Philllppi and O' Conner; White an.j i
Dooln. Umpires — Powers and Brown.
BROOKLYN.- X. Y.. June 3.— Brooklyn kept
up its winning streak by defeating Cincinnati
at Washington Park to-day. Attendance, 1200.
Score: ¦ •
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 7 t
Brooklyn j 2 8 1
Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Newton and
A I. earn. Umpire — Kmslie.
BOSTON, Mase.. June 3. — Plttinger weak
ened in the ninth inning' to-day and allowed six
St. Louis batters to score after Boston had
apparently won the game. Attendance, 1800.
Score :
. i R. H. E.
Boston ' 9 14 5
St. Louis 11 10 .2
Batteries — Mularkey. Plttinger and Moran;
Murphy. Dunham and O'Nell!. Umpire — O'Day.
NEW YORK NINE LOSES
ELEVEN STRAIGHT GAMES
the Salt Lake saucer track last August,
rede his first race as a professional to
night, a quarter-mile open, which he won
in thirty seconds— the track record. F. J.
Hoffman, the Los Angeles rider, has also
been declared a professional.
expansive enough to show the cavities i
his back teeth.
Henry Siemer was not on the premise?
He had gone into town to lay in a suppl;
of drilling implements and also" have
seance with the clairvoyant who ha<
given his brother the "tip" where the to
mato cans were buried.
The hillside on the adjoining property
resembles a golf links. There are enough
hcles to bewilder the' most expert player.
In walking over the. ground one must step
gingerly or fall Into an excavation.
Neighbors are getting up a collection to
buy the brothers a "divining- rod," so that
they will not have to d!g. up the entire
country in order to find the burled treas
ure.
SENATORS FAVOR
NAVAL INCREASE
"Der spirids haf notified me dot a miner
who vears a Jong black coat has puried
his money avay und died. I tolt my brud-
This statement was vehemently
made by Fred Siemer, who with bis
brother Henry is searching for treasure
at Hunters Point, to a Call representative
and artist yesterday. The artist, being
of an incredulous disposition, softly
•whistled. "I wonder if dreams come true."
Siemer- did not wake up, but continued
excitedly:
I CAN figure id ou<]t in my dreams dot
vidin a sherd dltstance from vere ve
are eonvcrsatiorir.g dere ;. c s piles of
yellow golt purled mid tomado cans."
Siemer presented a picturesque appear
ance during the recital of his hopes and
plans. His headgear once passed as a
derby hat. It was of the vintage of 1S80
and had a few dents In it that added to
its appearance. He wore rubber boots that
came to his hips, and a smile that was
der Heinrich aboudt id, but he iss a hog.
He vants all der money. I haf busted up
in partnership vit him. Now he says, I
vill haf your life; but he can't scare me,
because der spirids tell me so.
"I am a splrid peliever, und der odder
spirids haf tolt me in der seances dot lots
of goll is buried avay by my place. I teil
my brudder. und ve dig, und dig, und dig
al! over. AVe haf not found id alreatty
yet. but ve eggspect to."
THE SAN r^ANCISCa CALL, 'WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
Fred Siemer and His Brother Are Confident ; That Spirits Will
Aid Them Find Buried 'Treasure at Hunters Point
STILL SEARCHING FOR ELUSIVE
TOMATO CANS CONTAINING GOLD
4
OCEAN TBAVEL.
ADVEBTIS2MENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and .Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for TOKOHAilA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing. -
SS. AMERICA MARU :
Friday. June 6, 1002
SS. HONGKONG MARU rl
Saturday, June 2S, 1002
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday, July 24. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ¦ For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
A9IKKICAN I.IXE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Louis. June 11, lOamfSt. Paul.. June 25, 10am
Phila ....June 1,9, loam! St. Louls.July 2,10am
RED STAIt LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Freesland.June ll.noonlVaderland June 21, noon
Southwrk.. June IS, noon |Kroonlnd.. June 28,noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,G.A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y st.
EAY AND KIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or M0NT1CELL0
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare CO
cents. ' Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
[ I Lim'dl j
Local Mon& Local Ovrl'd
Daily Thurs Daily Daily
Lv San Fran 9:00 a 0:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
•' Merced ..| 2:35 p| 1:17 pi | 1:30a
" Fresno ..I 4:10p| 2:35 p| I 3:15 a.
'• Hanford .| 5:5S p| 3:27 pi I 8:05 a.
".Visalia .. 5:3Sp 5:0Oa
'« B'kersfd 8:10 p 5:20p 7:35a,
" Kan City 2:3la..». 8:02 a
" Chicago 2:15 pj | 8:47p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local.
stopping at all points in San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
daily.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars- through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local Brut-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
I 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily. --
j 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers an<l
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.'
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m
daily.
Offices — 611. Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland.
Chicago
m LESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-sectlon Drawing-Koom
and Private Compartment Observation
Sleeping. Cars, with Telephone. Elc- trie-
reading Lamps In every Berth, Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet, Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath. Dining Cars — meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout.
Dally Tourist Car Service at 6 p. m.
and Personally conducted Excursions every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE*
617 MARKET ST. G«n. Agent Pacific Coas
Palace Hotel San Francisco.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great$
iRUSEUH OFfiHATQMY*
¥ 6P 1051 KAltSET ST. tet- e±47ti, S.r.Cal.
\ - S< T' 1 " LSirfrst Anatomical Museum in the \
ft LmUKi**. Worid - Weaknet«.»5 or any enmracred A
V tSS^yl *«»•>« poKitivrlymrod by the oldest T
flpQl Specialist on ihe Coast list. 34 year %. Q
A &*3&K DR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ V@Sh^3 Ceiwtiltation free and stiirtly priVate. \
9 I A? V tl Troatment pti5on-4liy or by letter. A Q
\ a r «B Fofltfn* Curt in every case undertaken. Y
Sri II © Write for Book, enti^onuvnv it A
\ II II "¦ ™*n«IACB. MAILED FREE. ( A Y
A IS /J. valuable book for mm) - \
V DB. JOBDAN & <:o.. 1051 ArnrketSt.S. F. Y
0^j& WONG WOO,
Uy CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Igj / SANITARIUM,-
764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
Wfi&mtfl-i ftV^ A LI> DISEASES CURED
'WMWcifW" 9 n. exclusively by Chineso
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours,
0:30 to 11 a; m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, .
I/EARNY AND WASHINGTON : STS.—RE-
;** modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. GOc to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month.- Free baths;
hot and cold water every room: fire- grates In
every room; elevator runs all night.
/*? 1 Tin ttv Beds, Chairs. Stoves, Etc
/ * A ra/a H ¦ Tents tor Rent and for Sale.
I /U IWB B-' Guns . Rines, Fishing Tackle
ft i Lj| I w 9 < & nd Sporting Goods. - Send
Vnii R SL for Catalogue. SHREVE &
BARBER CO.. 739 Market
at., and 611 Kearny at
T5 T% TT CUUC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DnUon£jU ««¦ bootblacks, bath-
iJllUUHUU houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
•dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHArtAM BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
; Steamers leave San Fran-
fc!Svw- cisco as follows:"'
V5ffiB2W*Si Tor Ketchikan, Juneau,
! W<&£§b-*. Skaguay. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
'' KtfHfell^ m., June 5, 10. 15. 2u, 25, 30,
i wra&rilfl >J&9 J ulv 5 - Change to company d
iaMS?5Jcr*3i Eteamers at Seattle.
if^mSmzQ For Victoria, Var.couyer.
! A- Port Townsend, Seattle, la-
S *^ coma, Everett. Whatcom—
Luis Obispo>, Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
( * CooLV;!^ -8. n,.. June 7, IB. 23. July 1.
.^orVn S&'VS&to* Bay, gj gj- ff
Cabo Ma«atian, AHnta. Jm Paz. Santa noBalla.
?^L»W a.' m.. 7th cMh month.
For further • Information obtain folder.
ll!£ht Is reserved to chanes eteamers or sall-
- to TICKiRT OFFICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
CD. DUNANN. Gsn. Passenger Agent
GOODALL, PBSKjgg* CO., gg. Agg^
r.O.R.fi'iVr.Cb,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, 0r. (
And Short Rail Lin© From Portland to AU
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, ah
¦ . . XjO"w-auaa r x % :«..A.MU3i3.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBIA Rails.. Juno 2. 12, 22. July 2
Sh! GEO. W. ELDER SAILS.. June 7. 17. 27
Steamer eajls from foot of Spear. st., 11 a. m.
D. \V. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y. 3. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Bier 10, 12 m.
PALENA ...'..Juhe 7ITTJCAPEL. ....July 19
AREQUIPA ...June 27|OUATEMAI J A .Aug. tl
Thes* steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. :U0 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
ilitauvtHi* 6t 91 &*it '" VM!!i aAS0A ' ;ira
cccaaic».s.io. g&sss
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.Sunday. June 9, 10 a. m.
BS. SIKRRA, for Honolulu, Samoa,- Auckland
' and Sydney .'...Thursday, June 12, 10 a. m.
SS. ALA1IEDA, for- Honolulu.................
- . Saturday, June 21, 2 p. m.
¦I. D. SPRECKELS&BROS.CO., GensralAgtS., 329Mari3t
Gen'lfass. Office, 643 Market si, Pier go, 7. Pacllc si
COMPAGNIE GENERALB THAN3ATLANTIQUE.
EIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
bailing every Thursday, instead of ¦Sfi^fCEJ*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., trom Pier 42. uflriKmiMi
North River, foot of Morton street.-
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Paclflo Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francjsco.
Tickets sold by all Raiload Ticket Agents.
jf*\ Specialists
ST SSpi^l — POR—
NOT A DOLLAR TO
BE PAH) UNTIL A
CURE IS EFFECTED
Not WcaKncss, Symptoms!;
By far the greater number of pa-
tients ¦ seeking relief for so-called
weakness are strone, robust men in
every other respect. Lobs of vitality,
prematureness. etc., are not weak-
nesses, but the symptoms of Inflam-
matory processes In the Prostate
Gland (so-called neck of bladder),
caused by contracted disorders and
too often repeated and too long conr
tlnued excitement. Under our local
plan of treatment, directed toward
reducing the enlarged and swollen
prostate, immediate results, as in-
dicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strensrth, are observed. Our.
' colored cbaTt of the oreans, which',
we send free on application. Is In-
teresting to any one wishing to study,
the anatomy of the male.'
DR. TALCOTT' & CO.
1140 MARKET STREET. ;
Opposite HaVs. ' .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Main Line. Foot of M»rfcet Street )
l«vr« '- FJ^TjjjjgVgg: ~ A3mm .
' 7.00a Benlcia, Suisna, Kluiiri^aad Sacra-
•niento 7'cr. t
7.00a Vacavllle, Winters. Rumsey.... . •• ¦- /•«»» "*
• 7 30a Martinez, San Bamon, \ allejo.
/0 Jtapa, Callstoifa. Santa Koea. .... 6-Z&*
8 00a D»t1». Woodland. Knights Landing,
Mary a vine. OroTillu. ••"»•• Z|g'
8.00a Atlantic Exprws-Ogden and East. 8.ZSA
8 00a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton ...... ..... 7.25r
8.00a Nlles. Mendota, Hanford, \ isalla,
PortervIUe •••••••••"••• •.-• *•**•#*
8.30a Shasta Expresw-DavU. WllllamJ
(for Bartlett Springs). TMllowa. _
Red Bluff, Portland.. . . ..... ••-•-• '-aa*
8.30a San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle,
Marysvllle, CQico, Red Bluff..... 4.25»
8.30a Oafcdale,Cninese,Sonora,Tuolumne 1 |J|J
900a Lol'TngeleV'ExpVesV-Slartlnei;
3UU Tracy, Latnrop.Stockton,Merced.
Raymond,Fresno and Los Angeles $•?»*
9.30a Vallejo, Martlnei and Way^stations 7.65 r
1000a Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations. t12.55»
10.00a The Overland Limited - Ogden,
iu.uu» Denver> omaha. Chicago M 52W
tLOOr Sacramento River Steamers tll.00*
• 3 OOP Benicla. Winter*, Sacramento.
auur woodland, Williams, Willows,
" Knights Landing. Marysvllle, _
Orovlllc 1D.O3A
3-30P Harvard, >'lles and Way Stations.. 7.55*
4 OOP MartiBea.SanRamon.ValIeJo.Sapa,
Callstoga, Santa Rosa 9 "2f A
AROr Xlles, Livermore. Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
d'^Op Hayward,JJllcs,9anJose,Ltvermore t8.5&A
2'3OP The Ovrl Limited— Fresno, Tulare.
Bakersfleld, Sangus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55 A
5 OOP Port Costa,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 1025*
5 00p Martinez. Antloch. Stockton. Mer-
- ced, Raymond. Fresno 1 ??| p
t5 30P Niles Local ••••-. lie
6J)0f Hayward, Niles and San Jose 7.55a
tSOOP Vallejo. •• •• ll.^&A
6 00p Oriental Mail -Ogden. Denver,
b.uur " r Omaha> st _ Lou i8, Chicago 4.2S*
7 00p San Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnex
and Way Stations I'lfr
J 805P Or a eg^& CaiifornU'Eipre^sic:
0 U ° ramento. Marysvllle. Ending.
Portland. PugeS Sound and East. 8 .55a.
*9.10p W«yjgaLrrt_andJXlle« tii-SSA
aaact LINE (»*rrow flange).
COA B-oot o' MaTfcet Street.)
~*7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion.... J8.05»
815A S 5E& %££$"%& s J .°n 8 £ KRttw
CruB and Way Stations. B6B»
t2.15r Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
W New Almaden, Helton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Crua and Principal
Way Stations.... lolnt
4.15P Newark. 8an Jose. Los Gatos_.... +8|0a
»4 15p San Jose. Los Gatos. Santa Crux... c8-50a
— OAKLAND HARBOR FERHY.
From SASHSAS ; CISCO. Foot of Market |MSllpi>
-fl:!3 »:<» 11=00 a Jf. 100 300 JJ.ISPjM.
From OAKLAND, *™« »' Broad»»T -£:<» i3:» •
t8:(glQ:0O a.m. 1200 200 400 P-M-
COAST LINE (Broad «an?e).
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
~6-10a San Jose and Way Stations. A~nn A
+7.00a 6an Jose and Way Stations t8 .00a
/7.10a New Almaden.. •Z£\9Z
J7.1 5 a Monterey Excurston JB.3W
8 00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gl'.roy. Ssltnaa, San Lnls Obispo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-43*
9.00a San Jose, Tres Plnosv Santa Crus,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Obispo and Principal Intermedl-
ate Stations f-12*
1 0.30 a San Jose and Way Stations... . . . . . J-38*
11 30*. SanJose,Lo8GatosandWay3tat!ons t9-0OA
alilop San Jose and Way Stations.... ... «7.00»
2.30P San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, Si* Jose. Tres
Plnos. Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove 1 2i5 A
t3.30P San Jose and Way Stations 7.3OP
t4.00P D-U Monte Express— Only stops S»»
4 30p San Jose and Princip'aVwayStatlons 1.30?
t5'00P San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations.. B30F
5.30p SanJoseandPiinclpalWayStatlons 6-30P
tS.15P San Mateo, Belmont. Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8.48*
R 30p San Jose and Way Statlon-i 7.30P
7 OOP New Orleans Express — San Lnls
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles. Deming, El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10-15A
•11-45pSan Jose and Way Stations m
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
+ Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
b Saturday and ./Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Rl Ci)
IjESSBIEIS
SAH ffiANCISCO AND mm PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY, i
Tlb\ron Ferry, Foot or jir^itet St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEU.
WEEK DAIS — 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:S5.
3:30 6:10. 6:30 ». m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays — Extra trlpa at
l:C0 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
&:00 and U:"0 p. m.
SAX UAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— tf:C5, 7:35, 7:00. 0:20. 11:15
a m.: 12:50, 3:40, 6:00, 5:20 p.m. Satur-
' days— Extra trips at 2:05 and «:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10.
4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Eeava j In Effect T* Arm*
San Fraaciacol May 4. 1902. |3an Francisco
Week I Sun- I De«tlna- ) P un " \ Ty*
Days. I days. | tloa. ( days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ixnaclo 0:10 a 8:40*
3 30p 0:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
I 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Fetaluma. 10:40 a| 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 pil0:2O a>
6:10 p 6:00 p Santa Rosa 7:S3p|6:20p
1 7-30 a Windsor 10:20 •
5:00 p Healdsburs 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservlll*
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdaie 7:35 p 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
S:3Op| 5:0Opl Uklah (7:35p|6:20p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wlllits | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
' 7:30a|S:0Oa| Guernevlllo I 7:35 p[10:20 »
I 3:30 p| 5:00 p| [10:40 a| 8:20 p
7-30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
i 5:10 p| 5.00 pi Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:0Oa| Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| I 7:35 pf 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
' Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fuljoa
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprtnss; at
Geyserville for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers and Eoonevllle; at Hopland fop
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Rirtlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porao. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley**.
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. HullvUIe, Orr"«
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
WeBtport. Usal: at Wlllits for Sherwood, Cabta^
Covelo Laytonvtlle, Cummings. Bell's Springs.
Harris'. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia aad
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market at, Chronicle bulloV
ln fi. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Ssmaallto Ferry,
Commenclns April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXJLEU
AND SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, »7:45. 8:45, 9:30,. 11:00
a m.. 12:20. 'IAS. 3:15. 4:15. 6:15. •0:15.
6:45. 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. does not
"SUNDAYS- T:tK>T" 8:00. »9:00. «10:0O. 11:00.
11-30 am.. 12:30, *l:30. 2:30. *3:45..K:00. f.oa.
7:30. »:45. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-a:20. »6:20. 7:40. 8:15, •»:»?.
11:09 tm.. 12:25. 2:13. 4:40. 5:30. 6:^
l0 SUjfi> AYS— 6:00. 'S:©©. 9:SO..*11:00 a. m..
•12:00 m. 1:00. 2:15. 'S^O. 4:15. •5:45. 6:431
7-30 10:15 v. m.
"Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
~ FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
w WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45. 8:23, 9:45,
11-10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. .3:50. 5:10. 5:30. 7:lut
10 SUNDAYS-e:S0. 7:55. 10:05 .11:10 a. m..
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00, «:05. 7:15. 10:40
P- m - THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way-
stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and vray stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. . .
10:00 a. m. Sundays— P6iat Reyes and way
stations. '
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time.
rioJJNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry"' Arrive
. San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- _ ... Sun- Week
Days. days. »•**»»¦¦«¦ *»••«•*
1:30 p. "TJnaiBFTASUPM- siiO I'. "ZJi
2:S0p. Oyuiithtjt^n^A 8:15 p ~.
J*TM41J8ilL!_L«a»«T»»«m»:3OF. Krt»«»»nfi«<*<»Jl:»».
Tlek«< OffljM. til KABKiiT STtLltt »a 8AC3AUT0 T32LMX.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they
are now ready tor tilstribn-
tfon. 'All subscriber* to The
Call are entitled to a copy ot
this great book at the prem-
ium rate of $1 SO. Oat ol
town subscribers desiring a
copy of this splendid prem-
ium will be supplied ou re-
ceipt of $1 50. All mall
orders will be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's -sxpense.
CRftM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of loet manhood that
Uie Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write, it i H a
home treatment and all men who suf-
fer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful roily, premature
Iobs of strength and memory, weak tack
varicocele or emaciation o£ parts can
now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act di
rtct to the desired location, giving
strength and development Just where it
Us needed. It cures all the ills and trou-
bles that come from years of misuse of
vhe natural functions and has been an
absolute success In all cases. A request
tb the State Medical Institute, 32S Eiek-
tron building. Fort Wayne, ind., bLat .
Ing that you desire one of their free trial
packages, will be complied with prompt-
ly. The Institute is desirous of reaching
that great class of men who are un-
able to leave home to be treated, and
the free samples will enable them to see
bow easy Jt is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no re3trlc-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
t free sample, carefully sealed in a plain
package, bo that Its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment or publicity.
Readers are requested to write without
delay. ; .:•./' ; - .-. - . ¦
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Ciulekly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
DOAN'S KIDNEY FILLS.
That never rested feeling— ' . %
Tired all day— and all night, too— worse in the morning
than in the; evening — .
Most tinies it's the kidneys' fault — Kidneys are sick —
Poisons are being carried all through the system —
Backache is the cry for help — the cry of the sick
kidneys —
make matters right quickly — cure every kind of Kidney
ill — backache, urinary troubles, diabetes — Proof?
Plenty of it right here — j
San Francisco People Say So
men and women who have been cured — you can't doubt
testimony like this —
Mrs. B. Carrington of 168 Linden? avenue (B. Carrington, packer),
says: "Reading a paper one eveniner I chanced to notice that Doan's Kid-
ney Pills cured a backache and other incidentals due to either excited or
weakened kidneys. I was subject to pain in the back, always more
acute if I caught cold or overexerted myself. At the time I noticed the
advertisement I was actually suffering I think more than usual and pro-
cured a box of the Pills at the Owl Drug Store, 1128 Market street. The
treatment stopped the last attack. Other members of my family have
used Doan's Kidney Pills and received as undoubted benefit. My advice
to any one troubled with kidney complaint in any of its forms is to use
Doan's Kidney Pills."
Doan's Kidney Pills are for sale at all drug stores — 5Oc a box —
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N". Y.BRITISH SHIP WHICH SUF
FERED SEVERELY IN A
HEAVT NORTHER.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Papsed out June 3, 10 p m— Schr James H
Bruce, for St Michael; stmr South Portland,
DOMESTIC PORTS,
COOS BAY— Sailed June 3— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
Arrived June 3— Stmr South Coast hence
May 31. . \ . . . , . •
PORT TOWNSENb— Sailed June 3— Schr
Transit, .for .
Passed inward June 3-^Jap stmr Tcsa Maru
from Honckonnr. ¦ '
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived June 3— Stmr
Rainier, from Seattle. ¦.
Sailed June 3 — Stmr Charles Nelson, for San
Franciscb.
UNALASKA — Arrived May 5 — Stmr Port
land, .from Seattle; stmr Mary D Hume from
Seattle.
"To sail May -5 — Stmr Portland, for Nome
• GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 2— Stmr O
C Lindauer, hence May 29. -
SEATTLE— Sailed June 2— Schr James H
Bnire, for Bristol Bay; stmr Discovery for
Golofnln Bay. May 3 — Jap stmr Shlnano Maru
for Hongkong. , . . •
Arrived June 3 — Stmr Queen, hence May 31
stmr Meteor, from Santa Barbara. ¦ '¦
Arrived" June 3 — Stmr. Farallon, .from Skac
way. , .
Sailed June 3— Stmr Roanoke, .for Nome
stmr.City of Puebla,.for San Francisco ,
NBAH BAY— Passed in June 3— Schr Queen
hence May 20. - .
POINT LOBOS. June 3, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 40 miles. •
TELEGR'APHIC,
Per Btmr Knternrise — June ], lat 30 N Ion
127 40 W; bktn. KHkitat, from Port Ludlow,
for Honolulu
Per Br shiD CralEmore — May 16, Iat 28 13
N, Ion 11'8 8 W, Fr bark Les Adelphes, from
Seattle, for United Kingdom.
May 12, Iat 0 N. Ion 27 W — Br ship "Wen
dur. from Astoria, for Queenstown.
May 16, Iat 1«.N, Ion 27 W— Br ship John
Cooke, from Liverpool, for Oregon.
May IS. Iat 22 N, ton 23 W— Danish ship
Copley, from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
April 28. Iat 7 X, Ion 32 W— Br bark llala,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
May 1, Iat 46 S, Ion 47 W— Br bark King
Alfred, hence Feb 10. for Queenstown.
May 3, on equator. Ion 31 W — Br ship Glen
lul. from Oreson, for Queenstown.
May 5, Iat 3 N, Ion 29 W— Br ship Penthe
«lla, hence Jan 30. for Queenstown. •»
May C.lat -3 S, Ion 36 W— Ger bark Gerda,
from Bremen, for Honolulu.
May 8, Iat 4 N, Ion 27 W— Br ship Mllverton,
from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Ship S I) Carleton, Amesibury, Tacoma.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura: in
tow tuff Rescue.
Schr Coqullle. Anderson, Coauille River.
Bktn Portland, Clark. Tacoma.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
Schr Ottllie Fjord, Boesch, Eureka. ,
Schr Guide, Olsen. Coos Bay.
Ship Paramita, Backus, Port Townsend.
¦ :. . ' SPOKEN.
U S stmr Commodore Perry, Failing, Seattle.
Tuesday, June 3.
Stmr Bonita, Nonander. San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Redwood City. Moe, Bowens Landing-.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hissing, Eureka. • •
Stmr Albion River, Jacobs,' Albion.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, Nome, via Unalaska.
Stmr Sunol, Madsen, Caspar. , ¦.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendocino.
SAILED,
CLEARED.
Tuesday, June 3.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, Unalaska; Northern
Commercial Co.
Stmr Lyra, Williams, Seattle; The F Water
house Co. •
Stmr Ryba, Cantillion, Blaine; Alaska Pack
ers' Assn. •
Br bark Antiope, Murray, Ladysmith; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Tuesday, June 3.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 57 hours from
San Pedrc.
Br shlu Craigmore, Montjjomery, 75 days
from Iquicuf.
Bark Alden Bes.se, Kessel, 18 & days from
Honolulu.
Bark Sea Kinjr, Dowlint, 88 days from New
castle. Aus.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 7££ days from
Columbia River.
Schr Enterprise. Mjller. 9 days from Hilo.
Schr Henry 'Wilson, Johnson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
OFF PORT. »
Tuesday, June 3.
Br shfo Thistlebank, from Santa Rosalia,
awaiting orders.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Time Ball.
*' • * ¦
Branch Hydrographic Office. V. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cai.,
June 3. Xitt*2.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e.. at noon of the ]20th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
XOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning' tides are jriven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
1 fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three. tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addltforiTto the-~srnm«rrngs-of "th«T United-State*
Coast Survey charts, txcept v/ben a minus ( — )
cign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:23
Moon rises : 3:24 a. m.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 4.
United States Coast and (Jeortetlc Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-streec wharf) about
t went j> five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Rate Advances to Ninety-Five Per Cent and Speculators Continue
to Gamble on Her Chances of Arrival at Queenstown*
rate of reinsurance on the
I German ship H. F. Glade was
if advanced yesterday to 95 per cent.
LL the highest mark that has been
. reached in speculation on over
dues for seme years. The Glade is now
out 227 days from this port for Queens
town. She has not been heard of since
the tugboat cast her off outside the head?.
Not cr.ly is the rate on the Glade at toy
notch, but never in the history of local
reinsurance speculation has a vessel been
a-n extensively played and probably never
Ix.fore have so many speculators been
tviiling to back with money their con
fidence in the safety of a ship more than
iriree months overdue.
M. A. Newell & Co., the local reinsur
ance brokers, have placed more than
$160,000 of San Francisco money. 4 on the
tiliide's chance of arrival. The raising of
the rate to 95 per cent is a ¦ practical
itbandenment of the hope on the part of
the underwriters. Tfc-e loss of hope, how
ever, seems to be confined to the Old
World, for in San Francisco the feeling is
still strong that the Glade is all right.
The rate on the British ship Elliot, out
107 days from Carrizal for Baltimore, was
ytstitrrday advanced to 90 per cent.
yesterday from Iquique. reports that on May 30
she encountered a. heavy northerly gale in which
she had five sails blown to ribbons.' She left
Iquique March 20 and spoke the French bark
Les Adelphes on May 16 In latitude 28 13 north,
longitude 12S S west. The Frenchman Is bound
from Seattle to England.
Will Command Makaweli.
Captain Charles Nelson, formerly of the
schooner Sailor Boy, has been placed in com
mand of the barkentlne Makawell. the latest
addition to the Hind-Rolph fleet.
Enterprise Arrives.
The Matson Navigation Company's steam
ship Enterprise, the pioneer of the deep sea oil
burners, arrived yesterday from Hilo. She
came up in nine days and sixteen hours and
completed her second round trip In such shape
ts to more than Justify Captain Matson's high
opinion of the new fuel. She brought a fuli
largo of sugar and a number of passengers.
Ordered to Port Townsend.
The British ship Thistlebank. from Santa Ro
ftalia, arrived oft the harbor yesterday and was
ordered to proceed to' Port Townsend.
Loses Sails in Northei
St. Paul Sails.
The steamship St. Paul sailed yesterday for
Unalaska with a heavy cargo and a large num
ber of i*s«-ngers. Among the latter were
many employes of the Xorthern Commercial
Company.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Movements of Steamers.
' Shipping Merchants.
The BritUh ship Durbrldge is chartered for
•wheat from Tacoma to Europe at 24s 9d.
The British ship Drumcralg will load mer
chandise at this port for Melbourne, lump sum
The schooner Metha Nelson loads lumber at
Grays Harbor for Hilo.
OVERDUE GERMAN SHIP H. F. GLADE
REACHES LIMIT OF RE-INSURANCE
,• BENEFIT FOR CLUB CHARITY FUND.
The Theatrical Employes' Club will give a ben
efit at Fischer's ' Theater to-morrow . .at 2:15.
The performance will be given "exclusively by
the members of the '-'Fiddle Dee Dee" com
pany. :.Th«. proceeds will go to the charity fund
of the club | and for the furnishing of their
new meeting rooms. ¦ . • ¦• .
WILL REPORT UPON THE
EFFICIENCY OF TEACHEBS
Judging from a circular issued yester
day ' by Superintendent of Schools Web
ster, it would seem that the official named
has given way to ; the contention of the
Board of Education that he should pass
on the efficiency of teachers. Mayor
Schmitz also held that this Is part of the
duty of the Superintendent and ills depu
ties. The circular is addressed to princi
pals ar.d says : .
Please observe subdivision 6, section 36 of
the rules and regulations of the Board of Edu
cation, according do Instructions in circular No.
7. If the deficiency of any teacher be so grave
as to merit in your Judgment an investigation
by this office for the purpose of preferring
charges, please make a separate report on suien
'teacher, setting • forth all necessary details.
Section 36 of the rules requires princi
pals to make a written report to the Su
perintendent on Jure 20 and December 20
of each year as to the efficiency and suc
cess of the teachers in., their schools.
Such report is to be at once submitted to
the Board of Education by the Superin
tendent. '
Many persons who watched Mains dur
ing the progress of the trial are of the
opinion that he is mentally unbalanced.
Charles R. Mains, "Western representa
tive" of his own four-billion-dollar syndi
cate, made motions in the United States
District Court yesterday for a new trial
and arrest of judgment. The motions
•were denied and Judge de Haven sen
tenced the prisoner to six months' im
prisonment in the Alameda County jail
and to pay a fine of 5500. Mains was con
victed of using the postofflce for the pur
pose of defrauding Dr. Charles E. Ben
nett of Wauseon, Ohio, out of $3000 on the
pretense that he would make Dr. Bennett
president of a wealthy syndicate at a
handsome salary.
The maximum penalty for the offense to
eighteen months in the. State penitentiary,
but in Imposing sentence Judge de Haven
took into consideration the facts that
Mains had been confined four months in
the County Jail in this city while await
ing trial and that Mains was an attorney
at law and confinement in a County Jail
would injure him physically and in repu
tation as much as imprisonment in the
penitentiary would injure a ma.n less high
in the social scale.
Four-Billion-Dollar-Syndicate
Operator.
Judge tie Haven Has Mercy on. the
MAINS GETS OFF WITH
SIX MONTHS IN JAIL
Arrived oft— Stmr Oceanic, from New York,
for Liverpool, and proceeded: did not communi
cate with shore owing to gale. ¦ ¦ .
NEW YORK — Arrived June 3— Stmr Georg-
Ic from Liverpool. * -., • • . •
Sailed June 3 — Stmr Kronprlnz Wilhelm,
for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
stmr Palatia, for Naples and Genoa; stmr
Nomadic, for Liverpool.- - <
HULL— Arrived v June -2 — Stmr Guernsey,
from Tacoma, via St Vincent. C V. ;
HAVRE — Arrived June 3 — Stmr Denderah,
from Tacoma. San Francisco, Guatemala, etc,
for Hamburg.- 11 .'. "'¦ '¦¦•>'¦ ¦ iv, \ ~
GENOA— Sailed May 31— Stmr Phoenicia, for
New York. May. 25 — Stmr Karabyces, for
Hambure and San Francisco.
GIBRALTAR— Passed June 3— Stmr Vic
toria, from Leghorn and Naples, for New York.
BOULOGNE-SUR-MER— Arrived June .3 —
Stmr Statendam,. from New York,' for Rotter
dam, and proceeded. • *•
QIIEEN&TOWN —^Arrived June. 3 — Stmr
Westernland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER — Arrived June 3 — Stmr Cone
maueh, from Seattle.
Arrived June 3 — Br stmr Empress of Japan,
for Yokohama.
UUL.L. Arrived June 2 — Nor stmr Guernsey,
from Tacoma.
,¦ SYDNEY — Arrived prior to June 3 — Bktn
James Johnson, from Chemalnus.
MELBOURNE— Arrived June 3— Br ship
Marathon, hence March 20.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 3— Ger ship
Emllie, from Oregon: Br ship llala, from Ore
gon June 2— Br ehii> Nelson, from Seattle;
Br shtr» Iverna. from Tacoma.
LONDON — Arrived June 3 — Fr ¦ bark Jean
Bart, from Oreeon. ; • '
FALMOUTH — Arrived June 3 — Br shin
Marechal Suchet, from Tacoma; Get bark Se
lene, from Oregon
SANTA ROSALIA — Arrived .Tune 1— Schr
Forester, from Vancouver. May 29— Schr
Admiral, hence May 13.
FLEETWOOD— In port May 20 — Br ship
Afon Alaw, for Swansea and San Francisco.
HAMBURG— In port May 20 — Fr bark Can
rob<»rt, for San Francisco; Br ship Oweenee,
for Port Los Angeles.
; ANTWERP— I" port May ,23 — Br bark Sol
way, t'er Orepon. •
ALGOA BAY— Sailed May 4— Br ship Bar
rowdale, for 'Port Townsend.
v GUAYAQUIL — Sailed May 19 — Ger stmr
Hennonthls, for Hamburg.,
JUNIN Sailed May 16 — Br stmr Wearside,
LIVERPOOL — Sailed . May .31 — Br . ship
Blvthswood, for San Franciscot
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 22— Br st'mr Duke
of Flf*, for Victoria. .
HAVRE — Arrived June 2 — Br ship' Elgin
shire, . from Tacoma. *¦ ... •
• 8T VINCENT — Arrived May 23— Nor stmr
linrda. ircm Tacoma. _ _
GIBRALTAR— Passed June 2— Br Btmr St
Kildn. from Norfolk: for Manila.
LIZARD — Passed June 1 — Br ship Metropolis,
from Newcastle, England, for San Francisco.
I'RAWLU POINT — Passed June 2 — Br ship
Sir 'Robert B'ernie. hence Jan 3. for Hull..
NEW YORK — Arrived June 3 — Stmr Redon
do, from Montreal.
EASTERN PORT,
HILO— In port Way 25— Stmr Callfornian,
bark Andrew Johnson and bark Roderick Dhu.
ISLAND PORT.
for San Francisco; Br ship Levernbank, for
United Kingdom.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 3— Schr Mary
E Russ, from Eureka; stmr San Pedro, hence
May 31; schr Dora Bluhm, from Umpqua
Sailed June 3— Stmr Coquille River, for San
FranclKCo: schr Luzon, for Tacomai
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed June 3— Stmr
Ruth. Tor San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed June 3 — Bark Lev!
G Bursess. for Callao.
PORT BI.AKELEY — Arrived June 3— Schr
Una. hence May 20. • •
EUREKA— Arrived June 2— Stmr Pomona,
hence June 1: stmr North Fork, hence May
1; fitmr Cella, hence May 31.
Sailed June '2— Schr Emma Claudina, for
San Francisco. June 3 — Schr Lottie ' Carson,
for Newport; stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Arctic, for San Francisco:
PORT TOWNSEXD — Passed In June 3 — Schr
John F Miller, hence May 22.
Arrived June 3— Bark Levl G Bureess, from
Port Hadlock; schr F S Redfleld, -from San
Pedro. „ _ . _, .
TACOMA— Arrived June 3— Bark Haydn
Brown, from Honolulu; stmr Indiana, from Se
attle
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 19Q2.
FROM SEATTLE.
5
The British ship Craigmore, which arrived
D Time Time ITime . Time
s Ft. Ft. I Ft. VU
a L W H W ]I> W H W
4~ 3:50— 0.5 10:531 4.4| 3:25 2.fi 0:38 6.0
6 4:35— 0.9| 11:45 4.6! 4:15 2.7 10:21 6.0
6 5:25—1.2112:371 4.7 5:0r. 2.8 11:10 5.0
7 6:13—1.211:281 4.8 «:01 2.9
H W\ L W| H W L W
S 0:01| 5.7 7:031 — l.O| 2:1!> 5.0 7:00 2.0
9 1:001 5.5 7:54| — 0.7| :»:OSl- 5.1 8:(S 3.0
10 I 2:001 5.1| 8:4u| — 0.2| 3:571 5.3 0:21| 2.9
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Newburg San Pedro j,-ne 4
Arctic Humboldt June 4
Pomona Humboldt June 4
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Juno 4
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 1
? e *ilr K i.".i China & Japan June 4
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria June 4
Aztec Nanaimo June 4
Areata Coos Bay & Port Orford June 5
Despatch...: San Pedro June 5
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 5
Palena I Valparaiso & Way Ports June 5
Point Arena.. | Point Arena June 5
StntaRosa.. |San Diego & Way Ports June 5
Argo j Kel River Ports June 5
Del Norte i Crcscnt City June 5
R. Dollar j San Pedro _, June B
Cres. City... .Crescent City June «
City Puebla.. jPuget SoOnd Ports IJune «
Eureka Humboldt June fi
San Pedro ISanta Barbara June 7
Acapulco 'Panama & Way Ports.. June 7
North Fork. . j Humboldt June 7
G. Lindauer. . \ Grays Harbor June 7
Mandalay Coquille River June 8
Argyll New York via Panama. June 8
Bonlta. ] Newport & Way Ports. IJune «
C. Nelson {Seattle & Tacoma |June 9
Columbia Portland & Astoria IJune 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. |June 9
Hair.ier Whatcom |June 11
Que*n Puget Sound Ports IJune 11
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 12
Gaelic China & Japan June 14
Vmatilla iPuget Sound Ports June 16
Santa Cruz .. | Newport & .Way . Ports June 10
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 4. j j
Iaqua Humboldt |10 am Pier 2S
Jsewburgr... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
L_ . „ Jane 5. i
S™H.V" Grays Harbor .....12 -m[Pier 2
Despatch... Seatt i e & Fairhaven 5 pm Pier 16
f-£. e .m= S»o Dle^° & Way " ° *n»|pier II
Imatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|i»ier U
June 0. |
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pm|Pler 2
Amer. Man, china & Japan 1 pm PMSS
SeraplK.... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pin Pier 27
Pomona Humboldt ,.|l:30 p Pier 11
Aigo... Ee j Rjver Ports 1 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 7. I
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd|12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt | 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. g an Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. I point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Klval Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
G. EJder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
V Jane 8.
Kureka Hufflboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa !san niego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 9.
Palena Valparaiso, &. Way. 12 m Pier 10
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Cltv Sydn*> Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
'June 1O.
Oily Piiobla j p U get Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork I Humboldt ......:.. 0 am Pier 2
4 June 11.
Pleiades... w Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
BantaCruz. Newport. & Way Pt* » am Pier 11
Mandalay.. r-oqullle River v 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 12.
C NPlson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 4 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier <
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 2t
, .June 14...
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
C. of Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. June 4
C. of Topeka. Skagway & "Way Ports. June 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 5
Oregon Nome June 5
Lyra Nome & St. Michael. ... June ft
Valencia Nome June 7
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Wav Ports June 7
Indiana...... Xome & St. Michael. .. June 7
Dolphin Skagway. & Way Ports. June 8
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. June 11
Nome City... Nome City June 12
Santa Ana... Skagway & Valdez June VI
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 4. j j
Iaqua Humboldt |10 am Pier 2S
Jsewburgr... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
L_ . „ Jane 5. i
S™H.V" Grays Harbor .....12 -m[Pier 2
Despatch... Seatt i e & Fairhaven 5 pm Pier 16
f-£. e .m= S»o Dle^° & Way " ° *n»|pier II
Imatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|i»ier U
June 0. |
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pm|Pler 2
Amer. Man, china & Japan 1 pm PMSS
SeraplK.... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pin Pier 27
Pomona Humboldt ,.|l:30 p Pier 11
Aigo... Ee j Rjver Ports 1 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 7. I
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd|12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt | 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. g an Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. I point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Klval Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
G. EJder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
V Jane 8.
Kureka Hufflboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa !san niego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 9.
Palena Valparaiso, &. Way. 12 m Pier 10
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Cltv Sydn*> Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
'June 1O.
Oily Piiobla j p U get Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork I Humboldt ......:.. 0 am Pier 2
4 June 11.
Pleiades... w Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
BantaCruz. Newport. & Way Pt* » am Pier 11
Mandalay.. r-oqullle River v 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 12.
C NPlson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 4 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier <
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 2t
, .June 14...
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Newburg San Pedro j,-ne 4
Arctic Humboldt June 4
Pomona Humboldt June 4
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Juno 4
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 1
? e *ilr K i.".i China & Japan June 4
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria June 4
Aztec Nanaimo June 4
Areata Coos Bay & Port Orford June 5
Despatch...: San Pedro June 5
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 5
Palena I Valparaiso & Way Ports June 5
Point Arena.. | Point Arena June 5
StntaRosa.. |San Diego & Way Ports June 5
Argo j Kel River Ports June 5
Del Norte i Crcscnt City June 5
R. Dollar j San Pedro _, June B
Cres. City... .Crescent City June «
City Puebla.. jPuget SoOnd Ports IJune «
Eureka Humboldt June fi
San Pedro ISanta Barbara June 7
Acapulco 'Panama & Way Ports.. June 7
North Fork. . j Humboldt June 7
G. Lindauer. . \ Grays Harbor June 7
Mandalay Coquille River June 8
Argyll New York via Panama. June 8
Bonlta. ] Newport & Way Ports. IJune «
C. Nelson {Seattle & Tacoma |June 9
Columbia Portland & Astoria IJune 9
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. |June 9
Hair.ier Whatcom |June 11
Que*n Puget Sound Ports IJune 11
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 12
Gaelic China & Japan June 14
Vmatilla iPuget Sound Ports June 16
Santa Cruz .. | Newport & .Way . Ports June 10
D Time Time ITime . Time
s Ft. Ft. I Ft. VU
a L W H W ]I> W H W
4~ 3:50— 0.5 10:531 4.4| 3:25 2.fi 0:38 6.0
6 4:35— 0.9| 11:45 4.6! 4:15 2.7 10:21 6.0
6 5:25—1.2112:371 4.7 5:0r. 2.8 11:10 5.0
7 6:13—1.211:281 4.8 «:01 2.9
H W\ L W| H W L W
S 0:01| 5.7 7:031 — l.O| 2:1!> 5.0 7:00 2.0
9 1:001 5.5 7:54| — 0.7| :»:OSl- 5.1 8:(S 3.0
10 I 2:001 5.1| 8:4u| — 0.2| 3:571 5.3 0:21| 2.9
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
C. of Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. June 4
C. of Topeka. Skagway & "Way Ports. June 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 5
Oregon Nome June 5
Lyra Nome & St. Michael. ... June ft
Valencia Nome June 7
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Wav Ports June 7
Indiana...... Xome & St. Michael. .. June 7
Dolphin Skagway. & Way Ports. June 8
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. June 11
Nome City... Nome City June 12
Santa Ana... Skagway & Valdez June VI
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO CURE ANY DISEASE.
Kill the germ " that causes dandruff,
falling hair and baldness, you will have
no more dandruff and your hair must
grow luxuriantly. Herplcide not only, con-
tains the dandruff gerrn destroyer, but it
is also a most delightful hair dressing for
regular toilet use. No other hair prepara-
tion is on this, scientific basis of destroy-
ing the dandruff germ than Newbro's
Herpicide-; .... .
Way With Dandruff.
The Causs Must Ba Removed, Same
KEMP'S SUPPOSITORIES.
A Woman's Duty.
'iVfcat ic a. woman's first duty? Should
health not be her first consideration? Has *ht:
any right to walk about with, dull, hollow eyes,
a. sallow complexion and that careworn, weary
expression which gives others the impression
that life is harcly worth the effort?
Her features may be good, she may be well
formed, but disease has made Euch inroads on
her constitution that the moves about with that ,
tired, languid step, thug denoting that there is
something seriously wrong with those organs
which are the \ery foundation of life. In such
a condition Ehe cannot contrast favorably with
the woman whose features are not so comely,
but over whose countenance is suffused the
glow of buoyant health. Her eyes dance and
sparkle, her complexion is clear and of a
healthy tint and her lips are a bright ruby red.
Kt figure Is plump and there is an elasticity in
her movements that nothing but perfect health
"1 give. Have you ever stopped to think that
It is your duty to look heaJthy. cheerful and
vivacious? You probably wonder how you can
sw when you are suffering all the agony that
CSly a woman can suffer whose generative or-
s;ans axe in a deranged condition.
If you are suffering from leucorrhoea, pains
In the ovaries, falling of the uterus, etc., anl
have given up all hope because all other rem-
edies have failed, use Kemp's Suppositories, a
local treatment, which will restore your general
organs to a healthy condition, thus banishing
hollow eyes, languid movements, etc. Kemp's
Suppositories are put up only by the K. S. C.
Jtfedical Co., and contain neither cocaine, mor-
phine or oslum.
$2000 offered to any druggist vrho can prove
that the ahove statement is not true.
K. S. C. Medical Co.
I>ear Sirs: For years I have doctored for
female complaints in their worst forms, all to
no avail. Kemp's Suppositories were finally
recommended to me. In despair I used them
and am now permanently cured. ' I gratefully
recommend them to all women who suffer from
deranged generative organs.
MISS J. SHAW,
109 Chase st.. Oakland.
$1000 offered any person who can prove that
the above testimonial is not genuine.
30 Kemp's Suppositories. $2. If your drug-
girt does not cell them call at office or we will
e*n<i them postpaid on receipt of above price.
Send for circulars and testimonials.
K. B. C. MEDICAL CO..
1236 Market st., corner Jones.
Hour*. 9 to 5 and 6 to 7:30 p. m. Sundays,
11 a. m. to 1 d. m.
Kemp's Suppositories have been sold under
a full guarantee for the past twelve years.
Agents wanted everywhere.
fVlM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MtN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaden) of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old -and young
arising from effects of self-
abUFf, dissipation, excesses or
rigarette-smoking. Cure ' lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. N'ight Losses, Insom-
r.ia. Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
rcervous Debility, Headarhe, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. !»*• of Somen, /^- /*->, Varicocele orCon-
eiipation. Pt<-.p Ner *3 1 J vous Twitching of
Eyp'.idfi. Kffprtsare 2TZ.,^ZL immediate. Im-
part vigor and pot" ««¦*-"*• nC y toevery func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand.
Keytore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
th» brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; C for
S2 rrf) by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP RKMKDY CO., 40 Ellis St..
Fan Fran'-isco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. -9
ar.d 40 Third «t.
ffP^ISll RUPTUREJ
?^i sf: i?'V : \E^w0 CuREDb ? Dr.Pierce'S fi I
i^^^^;^^>^t:LK<Tun; tki ss « 1
/ — -"'(thing like it. Comfort &£a '¦
[•— Tbj^' security! A Perfect Retainer. £3 1
1 /Jm \" does the wrork! W Call or Rg ;
£.' /ftj\ WJS* /<?<f<TifOr"FOOKLETM).l." flJjM '
Address: Maonjtic E. Trass Co, #«j \
205 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal. Btiul 1
Ot 33 \V. 24th St., New York, liection thii Paper fSSSsi ;
DR.PIERCES I
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOOD.LIVER.UJNGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
oy the
CALEDONIAN
AMERICAN j
•INSURANCE COMPANY
f\ F NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OT NSW
w York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
l»01. and for tbe year ending on that day as
made to. the Insurance Cclnmida loner of* til*
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Cod*
condensed as per blank furnished by tna Coml
mlsstoner.
CAPITAI*.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash .*200i000 0»
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1282.200 CO
Cash in Banks 7 «£ S
Interest due and accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans j ggj < ,
Premiums In due Course of Collec- *
tlon 8 833 S3
Du» from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 8.638 95
Total Assets •'..... *3MJ32~43
UABIUTIES. ,
Losses . adjusted and. unpaid 13.130 67
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense i.033. 78
Losses resisted, including; expenses.. 1250 0U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
ning one year or less. J 13. 67.3 00;
reinsurance 60 per cent 7 03a
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
nlng more than one year, $9043 20;
reinsurance pro rata : 3.871 90
All other liabilities g^J g
Total Liabilities .1 .*$33.043 60
¦ INCOME. , :
Net cash actually received .'or Fire
premiums W1.931 20
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from ¦
all other sources 11,390 62
Received for profit on realization of ' "*•
investments S. 900 A3
Total Income ; $60,242 35
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- - . '/ i
eluding $27,316 62, losses of pre-
vious years) $S«.676 32
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 5.632 81
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 4 S65 22
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 3,221 60
All other payments and expendi-
tures 3.905 31
, Total Expenditures $104,S91 66
Losses Incurred during the year $31,139 St
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ; . . . $15,703,775 $160,556 23
Net amount of Risks
expired during tbe
year 16.1S4.773 143.850 11
Net amount In force
December 31. 1001.. 2.210.S63 24.716 20
~~~ CHAS.' H. POST. President.
N. A. McNEIL. Secretary.
Subscribed snd sworn to before me. - this
29th day of January. 1902.
H. E. FRANCK. Notary Public.
>:^; ¦ •
Pacific Coast Department •
323 California Street,
San Francisco.
GEO. W. BROOKS, THOS. J. CONROY.
A«st. Manajjer. - ¦ Manager,
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Director*. '
if ' ¦ ° " *. • '¦-¦•. '','¦'. ¦.¦.¦¦'; 1° ' ° ° "'¦-;¦'¦ ° •-' " : -¦ ¦'.- "' . -¦ ¦ ¦ ,' •* . ¦ ¦ ¦• .
% ' Fins Toilet Soap ' * j^ Framed Pictures
'^ H ' R h au's high- d h d '11 d i*«jt -^ Jfy^M 4L^ K*s'/^yft/§ls& M^Q/^^^* / j*' 0 It 3 ffs&*^^ Colored reproductions of popular life photos,
»f dcicately scented Toilet Soaps, in violet, / ffiL^^^J^^^^ft^^J^^^ frame, with beaded edgs'ind handsome green
jf wh'te hyacinth and white 'rose, worth 25c "CALIFORNIA'SLARCFQT v ' Ma '¦ 1— «W ™^^^CJ^ and go] i art Nouveau ornaments, siz: of pic-
* a bcx: on sale Wednesday, box " /.^ ¦ijMjffniTiaiVW- Jltiatfrh "*^ . ture 5*7, lul1 outside erasure ioxi2; on
l»" - _ . - # O« ' • ' mi'llHIl n ifi^ili 'fflBW" -'¦ ' sale \Vcdne3day, complete. ... -». -»
g 3 cakts - ' • MG -«g^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 2Sc
I Two Days' Saie of Season's Choicest Ribbons.
If" Our ribbon buyer has found another dea'er ready to close out balance of this season's product, from whom he bought nearly 10,000 yards of the season's rich-
j» est and most-m-demand ribbon3 at a little more than, hilt regular prices. . ;. .
*I Wedn-sd*y and Thursday we shall off;r: . . ' - ' /..'. ' ' '.'
*' 6000 Yards ol All-Silk, Satin and Taffeta Ribbons— - Rich luster, soft weave, a superb quality for millinery and neck dressings; worth 30c the yard; i n A \\
g" - colors, at. ..... £ .". # _ .* _; .-.''... i .J. ISn
J» 3000 Yards ol Satin Mervcilievx Fancy Ribbon— s }4 inches wide; a rich novelty polka dot design; this season's best 50c quality on sale for the two days-
I ,^;:;:vv-w:;: v; ;..^.^".^^."^.»:v:.i..v: v : ; . ¦..,.,..... •.. ......29g
I P|^tP§li Astonishing Offering of Astonishing Hosiery Sale, y,.,- u H uui,.-.^
I ;\ ¦ ¦ ; ' ; , Best Floss Cushions. • . \ Ladies 0 50c Quality 21c. \ I • I *|1 W0i
$ : S^^T .OV^ncsd'yoniy.iSooofthebcsvpurcst, The balance of an importer's stock of Ladies* Fancy tt'^MlJ^^
5 1 ' /^ \ c rarest Floss Cushions, in five different s.zts, will be ,.._,, , u , u j • i t^ L: '* »1 /hM' i 'In •.•/¦'./
s. ¦ S~ZfL\n j»») o- , • i i r , ii i u u Lis c Thread Hose, thousands o! pairs o! Jcnvinc " »**/4li #4 •/.•/
S : 0^ rcdats P ccial / al f for less than the 5 0c Hosiery, made by one of the kading Sro- A< « ' -I/ llllR*/
k ° ' /^1iA*i^> ordlnar y evcry-day. prices. This is the biggest and pean manufacturen, absolutely perfect goods, jJUbC *f| 11/ V' l i
S i best cushion offering we have ever yet made. will be on sale to-day (Wednesday) only; pair.. • jl r • I jml tr\|
'JS ' J^i^^Sis^. 1 8x1 8 inches for . . 23O 24x24 inches for. . 4f O T^ e » ssortnacnt includes new blues, red and tan grounds, with ; «j« 1 |j|\ fy\
| . <L^g^ ."H" j- h « f • Z9p >6x 2 6 inches for.. .49c JP/fPJ^
J» j ¦^" S=a^^ 2 2X22 inches iOT..34D , ' ,. ;. of your earnest and careful , consideration. They positively ( J \\s (. 'Jr
J* ~ ~ — '¦ — ' — —— cannot be duplicated at the price. "/ . *^ ¦>
1 Last pay of Dress Goods Sale. — % — — — ; — — -~ — r
• The ends of the season's stock of one of the largest Eastern jobbing houses at much Ies3 than . Fine WthltC GlOOtfS 11 C.
J» y ' .¦'.,"'"¦'.'''"""*¦¦*")* " '-' ' \ ' ¦***.**¦ in different duigns, that were 1 5c yard; these white materials are the most popular for jam-
. The "assortment includes Silk Grenadines, figured and striped; plain and striped Voile, plain . and mer wear fonsuits. waists, etc., and we do not believs that to-day's pric: can possibly
tf striped M:stral Etamines, Novelty Crepes, Si.k-Finished Mohairs, Basket Weaves, etc. be duplicated when these lots are gone; Wednesday only, yard. .. ..". . ... 11 C
% Wednesday Saie of ? ' ¦ ' . ¦.-.-;¦ ~ Air Rifles 33c.
% Rogers' Tableware. J Handsomely appointed new Manicuring and Ladies' Hairdressing I The King single-shot Air Rifles, genuine ttcei
K Another s*!e of the- celebrated William A I department 0)1 Second Floor, West Side. " h " re }> nickeled and P0«»l>«l, compact, sub-
|. Ro^Spoons.ForksandKr^Justwhen O— — -^ , , ] W&jg tt£*£?J£«££iZ
j <C^=<3 . Another Astonishing Gj @
$ :^(^^^~{^ Clothing Sale Now ''j s^^\ trfrfW^\ : '
I -'^S^lZ' X-^^ i in Progress. A ?$nifMl$\ Dress Shields 9o.
$ Several ' hundreds stylish suits for men, secured 71 '1 A M » 1| Very seasonable now at the beginning of the-
*:l *<' ¦¦ ¦ - V V^ hl ™ th ? regular: market \J A % . I
i ycu are getting ready to entertain the host of F^iect.y tailored garments made from r% . /^V^ 1 • - worth i S c per pdr, Wednesday . . 9C
If Sh.incrs en route; they are guaranteed full 'asnionablc tweeds, cassimeres, ssrges and fancy 'ji'^ I \J [V__ U — .
** »t<ndard plate of silver on 2i percent nickel- worsteds; the coats with broad shoulders snd ~I'""'J5 "¦ j" yf : -
£ slver base, and warranted to give entire satis- shape-ietaining fronts; suits worth $IO.OO, I- ' M 1 I Clibe P/JJS OC.
$ qI^'t WedneSiz I 0nIy ~ o $I2. 5 o and many of them a* -y - ' || ft, i | Fancy Shape Cube. Pin,, all jet heads, white
X Sets of6T«spco-8 tor S3c « 1P „„.„„. ' , ££7 m&SOM V \< 'M heads, mourning heads and assorted _
g Sets of 6 Tablespoons for $^ G 6 $ 1 5-°O; now on sa.e at. . . . lj *1 «j| coors, worth, ioc cube, Wednesday. 5C
Sets of 6 Table Forks for '. ... .$1,66 Youths' Lcn^ Pants Suits — For ages 13 to 19 years, 111 I - '
*[ Sets of 6 Table Knives for. . . .. . $f m 32 , worth J6.00 and in the .regular — £*~ \*\' I Hi
i ¦¦ ¦ , \ way, now on sale '. ...... f. . . 3&*I'.G5 I ' I } . [i I WetfnBStfaV Sale of
*; Important Sale B °y?' 3 P !e " v , cst suiii-ror agfS , ,» k 5 m wo ,th \ \ I J^Jw cub* SuZa* *»*
*k /»<, M ...;~L4 n b i 6 - 00 and S/.5O, now on special sale _ __ \ -V \_ \r) UUBD BnO
g Copyright Books. «. SS.45 \J>Xh> v other Groceries.
\ iM&SISi s sa ' eofs s^ s - ¦¦¦¦"*-"»*—*» Wm^m m w^
$ . vo: ume ,for \ 95C uu' IUa ? eS ?cn a ™ Sm j A. B. Hayden Whiskey-Bottled in bond, bot- Flour-Whole wheat or graham, Wednesday,
JC ' "Eternal Clt^i-Hall Caine. Halt a thousand Camoric a^d tie Wednesday . . S7O " ' ' * 21 °
t» ..- "John Charity-— h a. Vacheii. Linen Scarfs and Squares are much Kentuckv Bourhon— Full o ,«rr hnnir, th^f Imported Sardines— Packed' in oh've oil,
» "Georgian Actress"— Pauline Bradford Mac- , - j r ixr j j 1 iveniucny oournon — full quart bottles tnat w ,j nM j av , rin . «-'
t£ Me. underpneed for Wednesday sales. . others charge $ 1:00 for, on Wednesday . . weanesaay, 3 tins . . ZSo
j^ "Alice of Old Vincennes"— Maurice Thomp- 2OO fine Cambric Hemstitched Squares, ..... . S5o Castile Soap— Best imported, large size bars,
** /'The Successors of Mary the First"— E. S. .Stamped in pretty patterns, size 30x30 inches, Sweet Wines — A very high grade of Port Wednesday, a barf 45O
£ "GUlan the Dreams-Neil Monroe. used for pillow shams, table covers - Sherry or Angelica, worth $,.50 a gallon. Deviled Ham-Kingan's, regular 5 c tins,
IS "Tristram of Blent"— Anthony Hope. . etc., worth 40c, Wednesday. . . & # i, Wednesday $1.O5 Wednesday, 3 for .fQ O
ft "Graustark" — G. B. McCutcheon. 2<O Linen Hemstitched Squares, with open- n..... c_ •* r o j- t. 1 »!_„„,) o nn o nnt w.j_..j,_ „ t
S "Count Hannibar'-Stanley Weyman. \ vcrk sUmoed b new Mtterm iize' P * FrUlt Sy»Ups— Grenadine, Raspberry or Almond Bon B«ns— Wednesday, package.. .
*,. "Captain Ravenshaw"— Robert N. Stevens. wcrK borders, sUmped in new. patterns, sue Strawberry, bottle 2SO ISO
», « "Robert Oran«e"— John Oliver Hobbs." ¦ --*7«7 »ch-s,«worth 5 oc, Wednes-^ — , '_ " , . ;- „ V.-;il. W,r. M to- j j u 1-
» "Blennerhasset"— C. F. Pidgin. day . 29C H«a Cross Gin— Genuine ' imported Geneva, Vanilla Waters— Wedaesday, package. . tBo
V •'Kew^^tTrVSr^T^a''— MLrtc'e^Hclwlett. I«O fine Camb-ic' Hemstitched* Scarfs, sUmped Wednesday, bottle .. ... . . . 8Sp Table Fruits— Extra standard, Peacies, Apri-
tt "The Potter and Clay" — Maude Howard ' in pretty designs, s:ze 18x54 inches, used Willis Anderion Whiskey— Spring of '94, equal cots or Pears, Wednesday, a tins. . 25o
$ ' "Jude the Obscure-Thomas Hardy for sideboards or bureaus, ™th 9Q to any S5.00 whiskey in the market, Wednes- Pure Foie de Gras— Tessenyou brand, Wednei-
2" "Riddle of the Universe"— Ernest Haeckcl. 50c each, Wednesday ... ... Kt%3G day, per gallon, $3mOO; bottls 75O day, tin 20O
AA*A'A**A *'4*A« '*°*A*«'*°A 'A°A'A*A***'A'4**<** 'A'aW** 'A^A^AA 'A'AWA***.'*** W«W*"* *AW* AWAA'A '4A n *W+'«*'+A'4'A'*A 'A'A'A'AA a'AAAA'A'Aa'AAA
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night flosses, varicocele, etc.. and en-
large small, weak organs to f«ll size and vigor.
BimDly send -your name and address to Dr
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building. Detroit
Mich.; and they will gladly send the free re-
ceipt with full directions so any man may
easily cure himself at home; This is certainly
a most generous .offer, and the following ex-
tracts taken from their daily mail show what
men think of their generosity:
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
lor yours of recent - date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am just as vigorous as 'when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy 'I am." >
"Dear Sirs: Your method worked beauti-
fully. ¦ Results were exactly what I needed
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory." •
"Dear Sirs: Yours was received and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected,' and can truthfully say It is' a boon to
weak men. I am greatly improved in size
strength and: vigor."
-.-. All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
la : free for the asking and they want every
man to have It .. ,,
Irsures Love and a Happy Home for
All.
? CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BrInCH.
STATEMENT
OF THK y
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
« OP THE "
MANCHESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1901. and for
the year ending: on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
(510 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash , 11.000.000 00
ASSETS. ¦ ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company... $1,282 77
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds- owned by Company.. 1,647,320 0%
Cash in Company's Office 721 47
Cash in banks I 65,272 34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 6,554 17
Premiums in due Course of'Collec-
- tlon 255,103 43
Bills receivable, not MaHured,
' taken for Fire and Marine Risks 448 10
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2S5 29
Due from special agents 205 08
Total Assets .~ .'........$1,869,192 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $79,684 61
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense .- 83,39166
Losses resisted, including expenses 2.4,048 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,086,-
401 43; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 643,200 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ' . ,
running more than one year,
$982i985 90; reinsurance pro rata 615,179 97
All other Liabilities 60.097 67
., Total Liabilities $1,314,502 44
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,412,716 S3
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources..' 67.204 17
! Total Income $1,469,921 00
EXPENDITURES. !
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $177,911 73. losses of
previous years) $1,104,934 58
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .,... '..... -287,63045
Paid for Salaries, Pees and other '
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 92.274 63
Paid for State; National and Local
taxes - • 51,573 75
All other payments and expendi-
tures 92.942 12
j Total Expenditures ..$1,629,360 53
' Flre^
Losses Incurred during the -year. .$1.121.S96 56
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ' . . - , . • ¦
written during the •
year $182,497,461 $2,108,292 S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ! '
year .'....... 189348,038 2.121,957 C6
Net amount ' in fore*
December 31. 1901.. 190,349,213 2.069,387 42
GEO. S. A. YOUNG. U. S. Manager
Subscribed and s-worn to before me this 7th
day of February. 1902. • ¦
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California.
\\ Pacific Coast Department
323 California Street,
San Francisco,
GEO. W. BROOKS, THOS. J^CONROY,
Asst. Manager. Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. Directors.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.The* office of- the San Francisco News
Letter and the Overland Monthly have
been moved to the Halleck Building, 320
Sansdme street. . - *
The postponement of the St. Louis exposition , will
not fret the Federal Commissioners. Their salaries
continue right along, and they don't care if the ex
position .never comes off. , ;
It looks as if every Democratic candidate for Con
gress this year would make his own platform to suit
his district. The party has no issue save that of win
ning the offices and no campaign shout except "Get
there, E!i."
Democratic State headquarters -in New York are
to be established this year at Albany instead of New
York City,, and the fact is stated as an evidence that
David Bennett Hill, is still in the. ring, but working
like n mole. / .
It is staled that in the rejoicings of the crowd in
London the most popular song v.ks not "God Save
the King," but "'Dolly Gray," and now the next
thing we know there will be nothing but "Dolly
Gray" humming and strumming in the" United
StAcs. .
The most striking proof of the fearful impression
produced among the American people by the vol
canic outburst at ;vlartinique is the fact that up to
this time not a single applic.at:o:i has been received
at Washington for the vacant, consitl^hip at St
Pierre.
Justice Belcher N was District Attornev
for Yuba County in 1S56-7. District Judge
of. the old Tenth Judicial District from 1S64
to 1S69, and Justice of the State Supreme
Court from March 4, lS72,.to December :h
1873. His character wa3 never questioned
and he was loved ; and respected by all
with whom he came in contactl-
Justice Belcher died in November, 18JK
while holding the position of an acting
commissioner of the court. He came to
this part of the country in the early sy&
for the purpose of securing a fortune in
the mines. His efforts In that direction
were not crowned with very great suc
cess and he turned his attention to law
which he had studied; in Vermont in his
youtli. "
At the close of Monday's session of the
Supreme Court, a short sketch of the life
and character 'of the late ( Justice Isaac
Sawyer Belcher, accompanied by briet
eulogistic remarks, was presented by
members of the l^ar of the State and by
unanimous vote entered upon the "minutes
of the court to be subsequently printed in
the Reports and Decisions.
Belcher.
Life of Late Isaac Sawyer
Supreme Gourt. Listens to Eulogy on
'rOES HONOR TO MEMORY •
OF A FORMER JUSTICE
Newton S. Farley, Deputy Collector of
Customs for the First Division, has re
turned from a vacation trip to" the Yo
semite.
8 William P. St. Auburn, superintendent
of the Niagara. mine, Shasta County, is
at the Occidental. .
H. P. Bender, a well known oil man of
Bakerpfield, and wife are registered__at
the Grand.
Louis Jaynes, manager of the Mill Val
ley and Mount Tarrfalpais Railroad, is at
the Lick. '
Captain T. H. Roberts, a prominent
steamboat man "of Sacramento, is at the
Lick. •
¥t A. Robinson and family of Honolulu are
aVthe Occidental.
W. H. Cleary, a mining man of Stock
ton, is at the Lick.
Peter Musto, a leading merchant of
Stockton, is at the Grand.
Arthur L. Levins"ky, an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Palace.
George S. Nixon, a banker, of Wlnne
roucca, Nev., is at the Pala'ce.
E. S Valentine, a well-known fruit man
of Fresno, and wife are at the Lick.
Aguinaldo is reported to have said that if he had
known what our government was to be in the Philip
pines he would not have opposed it. If Aguinaldo
has now found out what our government is to be he
will confer a favor on the United States Senate by
announcing it. Up to date the Senate doesn't know
what it is to be nor even what it is.
PERSONAL MENTION.
" On the 21st inst. a meeting will be held
In San Rafael at which all. the boards of
trade in Marin County will be represented
by delegates. Then action will be taken
to persuade the Supervisors of Marin
County "to make an appropriation, under
the law, for the purpose of bringing in a
desirable population. Out of this activity
has grown the proposition for the forma
tion of the North Coast Counties' Associa
tion. The counties that will be asked to
£end representatives to the meeting to be
held in San Rafael for the formation of
the association are Marin, Huniboldt, Del
Norte, Sonoma, Mendocino, Napa and
l*ike. San Rafael is picked out for the
meeting place because the delegates from
tho north, having to come down by water,
WHI find it convenient to visit San Ra
fael rather than some point farther in
land, and it will be central for all the ter
ritory in several counties named.
The northern coast counties >of Califor
nia will probably have a North Coast
Counties* Association. Such Is the plan
that has been originated in Marin County
and it bids fair to' be carried to a con
clusion. When that is effected nearly all
the sections of the State will be organized
for the promotion of their own interests.;
There is much stir among the live people
in Marin County over the subject of mak
ing their resources and advantages
known. An organizer has been appointed
to visit every town in Marin County for
the purpose of organizing a local board
of trade in each town. At Sausalito a
good organization was effected last Mon
day night. Manager Filcher of the State
Board of Trade was present and gave
good advice concerning the work to be
performed in building up Marin County.
President Soule proposes to Manager
Filcher, who approves of the plan, to have
at least one 'of the shingles exhibited in
the rooms of the State Board of Trade in
this city. The relic will be placed under a
glass in a case and to It will be fitted a
handle so that it can be turned to exhibit
both sides. In the same room will' be
placed a photograph of the tonner Fort
( Humboldt. The shingle will illustrate his
tory and at the same time be an eloquent
testimonial concerning the durability of
the "lumber of Humboldt County.
President Soule of the Bank of Eureka
has written to Manager Filcher of the
State Board of Trade proposing to have
included Wi the display of the products
of Humboldt County in this city, to be
shortly instituted, some interesting relics
of Ulysses S. Grant when he was a cap
tain of the United States army in Cali
fornia. President Soule writes that Cap
tain Grant, afterward general-in-chief of
the armies and President of the. United
States, was stationed about six months at
Fort Humboldt in 1853-54. There were
then about twenty buildings the fort,
of which all but two have been taken
down. Of the two remaining, one stands
on the brow of. the hill upon which the
fort stood. Some years ago some of the
singles from the historic roof were se
cure.I and they have since been carefully
preserved in Eureka. They are a shaved
shingle, so writes President Soule, and
were put on when the building was erect
ed in 1S52. An affidavit exists to the fact
that the shingles were put on the roof In
that year.
Finally it is reported that when Prince Henry was
here he said to some American military men in
Washington, "I would like you to 'see our autumn
maneuvers." The military men took that as an in
vitation, and accordingly our Government set about
making arrangements for the visit. The matter, how-
'.That storyalso has been contradicted. It appears
that some men in New York, talking over the Fred
erick the Great statue, suggested it would be a good
thing to send a bronze Washington in return. They
did not offer to do it; 'however, and' so Berlin need
not sit up at nights waiting for the statue, to come.
Another mistake is this: Some one announced in
Berlin that the United States, .in grateful recogni*
tion of the kindness of the Kaiser in bestowing a
statue of Frederick the Great to adorn Washington
City, had decided to give Berlin a statue of Wash
ington. That story roused much admiration in Ber
lin and people were planning what they would do
when the statue of the grand old republican stood
among those of kings and emperors. Some thought
they would- take a holiday and spend the day doing
reverence to the republican, while othtrs thought
they would move out of town for fear their loyalty
might be corrupted.
It is now stated there is jio truth in the story. A
clipping containing it was sent to the Kaiser in the
ordinary course of business and the next day his sec
retary gave out to the public the imperial denial. It
is said the Kaiser wrote on the clipping, "I have
never heard of Potts before, and did not know there
was such a man, and still less that a Captain Potts
had been ordered to Berlin."
A short time ago it was reported that the Kaiser
would refuse to see Lieutenant Commander Potts,
who had been appointed naval attache to the United
States Embassy at Berlin, because Potts had made
disparaging remarks about Admiral Schlcy. The
story was warmly received here. Among the friends
of Schley the warmth was that of a true delight.
They went about saying: "The Kaiser is a great
man. He knows a hero and he knows how to treat
a slanderer of the brave." The opponents of Schley
received it with the warmth of indignation, and they
went about asking one another why Kaiser Wilhelm
had to do with the matter anyhow.
OUT of the affectionate desire of Kaiser Wil
helm to be good to us and to show himself
congenial to republican institutions there are
coming a series of. little mistakes that are annoying.
We are getting reports about the Kaiser that- are
not true, and doubtless the Kaiser is getting reports
of us that are not true; hence there is likely to be a
general misconception arising out of a number of
mistakes in themselves so little as to . be hardly
worth noting.
MISTAKES ALL AROUND.
A "problem of that kind would hardly fret an Amer
ican college in any but the poorest and most sparsely
settled districts of the country. Great Britain is rich
and populous. Edinburgh and Oxford have among
their graduates some of the richest men in the/world.
Why should they not raise the money needed by
their alma mater to meet such emergencies? Why
fret over the lack of $8000 when there is air London
to appeal. to?. That trait of character exhibited by
the authorities of Edinburgh. and Oxford is British,
hnd shows no slightest kinship to Americanism.
The London Times says it "cannot but fill many
minds with an uneasy misgiving as to the financial
ability of the university to rise to the full height of
the large responsibilities certain to be imposed upon
it as a consequence of the Rhodes bequest." As an
explanation of these misgivings it is stated that for
the last fiscal year there was a deficit in the univer
sity finance's of something more than $8000. . It is
that shortage that frets Oxford. The . venerable
university ponders the thought and the fear that if
she cannot meet current expenses no"w her condition
when she has to furnish instruction for a large addi
tion to the number of her students will be that of a
bankrupt institution.
No American university would be troubled by
such endowments. Even the smallest of our col
leges would accept an offer of $10,000,000 on almost
any terms, and if it could not exactly meet all the
requirements it would at least make a stagger at
doing so and hold on to the money. Edinburgh,
however, hesitated and halted before the Carnegie
donation until the '.lonor kindly changed the terms
en which it was to be given, while Oxford is per
plexed to know what she will do with the additional
students that will be brought to her colleges by the
new endowments, and in her perplexity is calling the
attention of the world- to the fact that she is not rich.
WHILE there riiay.be many points pf simi
larity between the American and the Brit
ish people, there arc certainty some very
notable points of difference. One of those differ
ences has been brought out first by the hesitation of
the University of Edinburgh to accept Carnegie's
large gift for the promotion of free education, and
more lately by reports that Oxford is troubled by the
large endowment left for the Cecil Rhodes scholar
ships.
OXFORD IS TROUBLED.
NORTH COAST
COUNTIES PLAN
TO ORGANIZE
If all reports are true the great steamship trust or
ganized by Morgan is going to have its stock so
heavily watered that the trust* may have to buy the
ocean so as to be ready for liquidation at any time.
9 at Golden Gate Hall. The committee of
arrangements is composed of Mrs L.
Deitz Cchairman), K. McGough, F. M.
Kdwards, L. Hammersmith, E. Marks,
M. Benjamin, L. Jarvis, M. Ring, S.
Drury, A. Tietjen and P. Unger.
A New York man called up a hospital by tele
phone and asked that an ambulance be sent to his
residence for a wounded man. He then shot himself,
but he made a mistake in his calculations and when
they arrived the ambulance men found a corpse in
stead of a sufferer. The incident however serves to
show how well ordered things are in a modern city.
All would have been right in the case had the man
thought to call up the Morgue instead of a hospital.'
NATIVE GRAND SECRETARY
WHO WILL BE GIVEN RE
CEPTION, AND HOSTESS.
The good name of the country suffers from such
petty work and such a strabismatic view of party
policy. Let us' hope that it will not be attempted
again.
After all was done, and* the day had made its due
impression, custom left one formality to the leisure
and inclination of Congress. This was the passing
of an appreciative resolution by .Congress, extend
ing the thanks #of the nation to the orator who had
uttered its voice and expressed its emotions. Here
was an opportunity for the minority in Congress to
blunder,' and it was improved. Mr. Champ Clark
of Missouri in the patriotism of the address discov
ered partisanship, and when the resolution came be
fore the House a wrangle was brought op.
It was inexcusable and most ungracious. We
freely say that it was r.ot the sentiment of the hon
est Democratic masses of the country. It was merely
another evidence of that small and petty leadership
which has degraded a once great party. It Was as
indecent as a quarrel between mourners at a funeral.
But no consideration of propriety deterred the pur
blind promoter of the scene. The day was saved by
Hooker of Mississippi, an ex-Confederate, -xho re
buked the foolish plan and affirmed the freedom of
the address from partisanship and declared for its
ability, fitness and propriety. The good sense of
most, of the minority was indicated when only forty
six Democrats followed their small leadership by
voting against the resolution.
The spectacle of a nation officially mourning its
fallen chief, solemnly dedicating a day to truce in
party strife, in order that common interests and' the
larger things in which all Americans and all men
agree might be considered, was especially inspiring,
and Mr. Hay caught its. full inspiration and projected
it forward to all who heard and to all who will read
his splendid address.
In all the country no better selection could have
been made." He was a member of Mr. Lincoln's
official family when the great President was mur
dered, and he was the chief of the Cabinet when Mc-
Kinley. was martyred. A poet, statesman and ora
tor, with the quality of imagination which could
draw out of his closeness to these two great trage
dies every lesson useful to his countrymen and the
world, he had been reared under the same condi
tions as the two murdered Presidents, and those
conditions he formed into an enchanting background
for his address. It was masterly in its simplicity. It
went straight to the heart, and quickened every sen
timent of patriotism and humanity in the hearts of
men.
A MIXED committee of Congress, composed
of members of both parties, arranged the
simple but stately memorial service in honor
cf President McKinley. That committee selected
Secretary Hay to deliver the memorial address.
THE McKINLEY MEMORIAL.
EUREKA OFFERS
SHINGLE FROM
FT. HUMBOLDT
Darina Parlor No. 114, N. D. .G. W.,
will give a ball on the evening of June
The visitors at the office of the erand^
secretary last week were: Mrs. James
Toman of Sutter Creek, Mrs. Caughman,
of Livermore. Mr. arid- Mrs. Ed Jeffords
of Visalia, Miss Minnie Holden q£ this
city, Miss Rose Larsen of Sacramento,
Mrs. H. M. Greene, Mrs. Sara Osternan,
Mrs. j Minnie Kalloch, Miss Pet Brown.
Miss Emma Hilke, Mrs. Hanna Bailey;
Mrs. ¦ Emma Caughman,- Mrs. Laura B;
Powers, Miss Eliza D. Keith, Mrs. L. A.
Dyer, Miss Halnes of Woodland Parlor
No. 90, Mrs. Susie Kalthoff, Miss Phelita*
Regan, Mrs. Lamberth, Miss Ida M. Ker
van, Emma Gruber Foley, Emma Ben
nlng, Ida Mushette, M.D., Mrs. Loman,"
Harriet S. Lee,- grand marshal; Amanda
Hammerly, grand treasurer; Mrs. Thomp
son of La Estrella Parlor. - • .
Among the guests • at the reception
recently given by the California Club
were the following prominent members
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
"West: Lilly O. Reichllng Dyer, founder
of the order; Lena Hilke Mills, past grand
president;' Eliza D. Keith, grand vice
president; Laura J. Frakes, grand secre
tary, and I. M. Kervan of Alta Parlor.
A new parlor to bo known as No. 134
was instituted last week at Sierraville by
District Deputy N Ida Sinnott of Downie
villc.
~ Last Wednesday night Grand President
Mrs. Baker Instituted a new parlor at
Vallejo. it has been, named Liberty and
its is 37.
ace Hotel by Dr. A. Florence Tem
ple, assisted by a committee of one
from each of the local parlors, past
officers and others, promises. to be a very
enjoyable affair, despite the fact that on
the same night some Native Daughters
will go on a trolley ride and have a sup
per at the Cliff and that one of the par
lorn will give a ball. Dr. Temple, who is
a member of Dariria Parlor, has been a
great admirer of the manner in which
Miss Frakes has conducted the affairs of
her office, and after consultation with a
number "of members of the order conclud
ed that it would .be a graceful thing to
tender her a reception to show her that
her -work for the 'order is» appreciated.
All Native Daughters will be welcome.
THE reception that is to be tendered
to Grand Secretary Miss Laura~J.
Frakes, on the evening of the 9th
Inst. in the Maple room of the Pal-
iVEDNESDAY JUNE 4. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Cesnatnicitiaas to W. 8. LEASE, M*n»g:r.
TELEiHONET^
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You "ft i3h.
Pl'BLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market iind Third, S. F.
uDlTOltUL ROOMS 217 to S21 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Cnrrler*. IS Cents Per Week.
Stnarle Copies. 5 Cents.
Ternis by Mail, Including? Postage!
. DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), cne year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months : i'JSA
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. ;..... 65e
StTNDAY CALL. One Yetr 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are nnthorized to receive
«nbscrlptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded nlien requested.
Mail rotserlber* Jn ordering charge of sddresd should M
particular to irlve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Injure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
3AKLAXU OFFICE ..111S Broadway
C. GEOIIGE KROGXKSS.
Kaatgtr foreiga A«Terti8ing, Hjrqnttie Building Chitsgi
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2G19.**)
NEW YOJtK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO5T. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITBPHEX B. SMITH WO Tribune nnilding j
YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hoteii A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hou«e; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Houw; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (U. c> OFFICE 14O« G St.. X. W.
MOBTOX K. CRANK. Correspondent.
QRANCn OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay., open
until *:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes. <?r*n until 3:30 o'clock. -.431 !
McAUitter. 'pen ur.til 0:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin. open ur.tlt
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open unt!l 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1006 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 0
. o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-seoond and Kentucky, ciwn
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 3 p. in.
In the violent incidents of the strike in Chicago
Americans see the need for the organization-, and
methods of the Civic Federation as a reasonable ar
biter between the contending forces. Mr. Franklin
MacVeagh, who is at the head of that body in Chi
cago, is a wise and reasonable man, who may be
trusted to secure justice, peace and order, if there be
any on the strikers' side authorized to meet him and
with power to enforce obedience to a decision.
The exertion of mob force is an attempt at such
deprivation, and the administrators of the law have
no choice except to resist such force to the last ex
tremity.
This abstention may have left open the way to
peace that will, leave the. two battles of Monday the
only disorder jn the history of the strike. The au
thorities should not forget that they' are dealing
with an clement that is not trained in line with our
institutions at all. Tens of thousands of people in
that city do not speak the English language. They
need not be blamed for .not knowing that in this
country the law determines and limits every man's
rights, and that the only force that may be used is
in securing to every man his legal privileges. Un-'
der our system, properly administered, it is just as
impossible for one man to deprive another of his
legal rights as if is for another to deprive him of
them.
We do not enter into the merits of the labor, dis
pute in that city; indeed but little, seems to, be
known outside about. the cause of the struggle. All
that is definitely known is that reason seems to be
entirely absent from any effort to settle it, and force
is appealed to by both sides. Leaving all that out,
the streets of an American city should be made safe
for all orderly people who must use them in doing
the ordinary business upon which depends the life
of the community. In this country the law is the
supreme ruler, and when the law abdicates, or 'is
powerless to rule, comes chaos. It is very fortu
nate that in the preliminary struggle no shot was
fired by the police. The force, .seems to have been
well controlled, and the men to have admirably re
frained from other use of their revolvers than as
clubs.
The affair has reached a point at which it re
sembles the investment and siege of a city by de
priving its people of the necessaries of life. Food
and fuel are being taken -away from the -people, and
the attempt to supply them is obstructed by a force
that numbers thousands. The popul.ation of Chicago
is. especially adapted to such a passionate movement.
Americans are in a minority there, and the majority
is made up of that peculiar immigration of which we
have for years received an excess from Continental
Europe. . .
THE Chicago strike seems- to be nearing the
danger line. The 'stubborn fights on Monday
between the police and strikers indicate that
the elements involved are charged with possibilities
of a storm that will require more power than the
city can command to control it.
THE DANGER LINE.
The retirement of Nixon from Tammany Hall up
sets the apple cart of the reorganizes who were
counting- on a united Democracy in New York to
help them sidetrack Bryan; 1 . As the matter stands
now the smile is on the face of the man in Nebraska.
Senator Morgan's declaration, made from the
Democratic side, that our proper policy is the per
manent subjection of the islanders, holding them in
submission by military force because we need their
country in our business, is, in its essentials, the same
as Kitchener's death or banishment order of •< last
year. May we not profitably copy the opposite pol
icy pursued by. Great Britain in the Boer settle
ment?
That example may well impress our Own country.
With President Roosevelt admitting that the future
may disclose independence of tli% Filipinos as our
proper policy in the Philippines, and with Senator
Spooner enlarging upon the same admission, may
not the American people well consent to think less
about military prestige and more about ending the
severe and sanguinary and costly struggle in the ar
chipelago by now declaring that to be our policy, as
these leaders have admitted that it may be in the
future?
Turning to the British position, it cannot be de
nied that it reflects credit upon tha$ nation. From
the standpoint of her Continental enemies she ihas
made concessions' unworthy of a world power. But
the English sense of justice accepts these concessions
as right and. humane and having those elements
which,* after all. are the foundation of true~ national
greatness. In fine, England has written it into her
world policy that right must be the rule, no matter
what others think about it. She is to be congratu
lated upon this conclusion, and the world is to be
felicitated upon the example she sets for others to
follow.
That England will observe and carry out in good
faith her part of the convention no one doubts. In
the extravagant excess 6i jubilation in London over
the result one may easily see evidence that the peo
ple were tired of the struggle and would not have
sustained it to the extent of submitting to conscrip
tion of soldiers to keep it up. In a military sense, the
Boers have forced a drawn battle, and. in their firm
ness in exacting the most favorable terms ever
given under like circumstances is seen their own
consciousness of ability to indefinitely prolong the
war, and the admission of Milner and Kitchener that
the result would be in doubt.
In all respects the entire treaty is a distinct vic
tory for the people of the two republics, and. when
worked out will cause the institution .of a govern
mental system almost exactly like that of Canada.
In many important particulars this treaty leaves the
Boers in a much better condition than after the Sand
River treaty, inasmuch as it removes all doubt about
their position and secures for them a far higher de
gree of independence than is enjoyed by their kin in
Cape Colony.
Now the brave fellows get their homes and per
sonal liberty and Great Britain pays them fifteen mil
lion dollars for the wanton destruction of their
farmsteads, exonerates their property from' any tax
to pay the cost of the war, and agrees to loan them
for two years, without interest, an indefinite sum to
aid in the restoration of their homes and fortunes.
They get also their own language in their schools
and courts, and a. prompt substitution of civil for
military administration and the installation of the
institutions or self-government.
THE terms of peace in South Africa arc dis
closed and reflect great upon the stead
fastness of the Boers. It is. apparent that
peace could have been had last year upon the terms
now agreed upon. Kitchener's harsh ofder, which
proposed the banishment of all the burghers, was re
sponsible for the continuance of the war, because
it left the Boers no alternative but to fight.
GRAND OFFICER WILL
BE GIVEN RECEPTION
WASHINGTON. June 3.-The House to
day began consideration of the anarchy
bill. The House committee reported , a.
substitute for the Senate measure. Kay
of New York, chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, who was in charge ef the bill,
argued that the Senate biil waa'unconsti
tutional.
Ray explained the difference between
the Senate bill and the House substitute.
The purpose of the House bill was to pro
tect the President, the Vice President and
those in the line of the Presidential suc
cession, and also prevent the entry int>
the United States or the naturalization of
persons T?i:o preach anarchy or forcible
destruction of government. The impera
tive reason for the passage of this blil
was the non-uniformity of State laws for
the- Dunishment of homicides.-
The Senate bill, Kay contended, was un
constitutional because It provided the
death penalty for the killing of the Presi
dent, the Vice President and those in line
of succession, without regard to whether
at the time they were engaged In the per
formance of thej/ official duties.
Every decision of the Supreme Court on
the subject, he said, indicated that Con
gress had jurisdiction to enact laws pun
ishing offenses against ofHcers only when
they were engaged in the performance of
their official duties, and for that reason
the House substitute used the language
"any person who unlawfully, purposely
and knowingly kill3 the President while
engaged In the performance of his official
duties or because of his official character
or because of any t>t his official acts or
omissions', shall suffer death."
Lanham of Texas approved that portion
of the bill designed to prevent and dis
courage the coming into the United States
of all persons who oppose government and
seek its subversion. Anarchists, he said,
should have no place in a free govern
ment. \ B.ut, he said, he could not give his
assent to the passage of a bill ' that sin
gled out any particular citizen and made
It a special offense to take his life. Ho
denied that any honest, law-abiding man's
life was more sacred than another's.
The laws against murder In the several
States, he argued,, were ample for tha
protection of all. -Besides, he doubted
whether such a. law as was proposed to
be passed would add to the protection of
the President's life. To violate such a
law might all the more magnify the Im
portance of the deed In the distempered
mind of some anarchist.
Lanham wanted to know why foreign
embassadors and ministers had been sin
gled out for such protection and the
Speaker of the House omitted. He re
garded the Speaker as moire Important
than the Vice President or a Cabinet offi
cer." »• - »
."If I were President of the United
States," said Lanham, "I should rather
not have this bill oh the statute books."
CaL glacr fruit 50c per lb at Townaend'a.'
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. *
¦ The average yield of wine in France for
the last ten years was 1,053,610,4+1 gallons
a year. ' . - . ,. ;
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men- by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call.
Xornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
% s Darings Members to Dance.
; ,Darina Parlor ot the Native Daughters
of *th"e*tfolden "West" Has jdrranged tor a
ball to be given in Golden Gate Hall on
the night of Monday next. --
One bottle of Burnett's" Vanilla Extract la
better than three of doubtful kind. Though cost
ing a few cents more per bottle. Its purity anj
great strength make - it most economical brand.
Parker's Hair Balsam keeps the hair soft
and. plentiful and restores the color when (ray.
Hindercorns, . the' best cure for corns. • IScts.
LANHAM SAYS
ANARCHY BILL
INVITES CRIME
ever, turned out'to be a' mistake.- Henry was merely
expressing a wish that the military men could see
the maneuvers. He was not inviting them to be
present. In fact, he has no authority to give such
an invitation. Only the Kaiser can do that.
So the thing goes • from mistake to mistake, until
in the end we may desire to be able to say of
the Kaiser what he said of Potts and wish we had
never known there is such a man.
PAX BRITANNICA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
6
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribe r» conteuiplntlnsr a rhanse of
residence dorinsr the summer months can have
their paper fornarrted by mall to their new
addreisei by notlf? imjr The Call Baslncmi OflHee.
Tbf.s paper -trill also be on Rale at all trammer
resorts and ta represented by a loeal ngrent In
all towns on the const. ¦ .
1 B.KATSCHINSKI
(j PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
1 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
I The Best Money Can Buy
A good article Is always cheap.
It pays -to buy good goods, for you
get better fitted, better service and
-wear, better material and better
.workmanship and style. We- have
I this week placed for sale an Oxford
B Tie that cannot be excelled. The
1 very latest creation and worn TSy
D society leaders. Ladies' all Patent
H Leather Oxford Ties, medium, coin
H toes and tips, hand-turned soles,
N extra high French heels and union
B stamped. The price only $2.8?».
g Sizes, 2Yi to V/2. "Widths, AA to D.
i- Little Gents 1 -Tan Lace,
What every little boy requires:
A firm, strong shoe that looks well
and will not show the dust or dirt.
This week Little Gents' Tan Seal
goat lace shoes, London toes and
tips, double soles and spring heels.
The price $1.OO a pair. Sizes, 3
to 13. Widths, C to E.
Ladies' Cloth Top Button.
Broken sizes— Ladles' Vici KM
Button Shoes, with cloth tops, coin
toes and tips and spring heels. The
price reduced to #1.OO. Sizes:
A wide. IVz to 6: C wide, 2% to 6;
B wide, 2V; to 8%; D wide, 2% and 5.
Cheap Canvas Lace Shoes
CANVAS LACE SHOES for out-
Ings and camping. MEN'S sizes.
£%?: -r T c5 0YS ' slzes . SOc:
YOUTHS' sizes, 75c.
New illustrated catalogue just "
out. Send for one. I
a B. KATSCHINSKI,
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
1,-iY IO THIRD STREET. 1
% . San Francisco. 2?Martens Is. Held to Answer.
Captain Kai F. Martens, late of tlv
Government transport Buford, was held
to answer before the Federal-Grand Jurv
by United States j Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday on a charge of tricinir
ud B. Bechhofer. the third cook.
Landmark League to Organize.
The California' Historic Landmark
League will hold its second meeting to
night in Native. Sons' building to effect
an organization. It is expected that the
meeting will^be well attended. The com
mittee on permanent organization con
sists of Hon. N. Van Dyke, N. B. Latham,
Mrs. Louise M. Chase, J. J. Lerman,
Louis* F. Byington, Eliza D. Keith, J
Whalen, Mrs. P. H. More, Mrs. . George
Law • Smith, M. L." Mann, Mrs. Florence
Mathison, Mrs. Frank L. Shea, A. Alt
rnann, J.. A. Devoto, Mrs L. O. B. Dyer
and John J. Ssear.
Holds Its Fifth Graduating
Exercises.
California School of Mechanical Arts
The fifth graduating exercises of the
California School of Mechanical Arta, at
Sixteenth and Utafh streets, were held in
the school building yesterday afternoon.
Horace Davis, president of the board of
directors, presided, and after a short ad
dres-s, Introduced the" Rev. William Rader,
whose encouraging address to the gradu
ates met with loud applause. After an
overture by the school orchestra, the dip
lomas were presented. A violin solo by
Percy E. Cecil and a piano solo by George
A. Gladwin followed.
graduates are
The lour members who graduated with
honors, out of a class of forty-eight, were
May Merino Heilman, Marie Emily Son
dcrup, Donald Harmon Short and Miss
Alice Joy. i
Alice E. Crowe, Lois Lsona Eoff , Elsie
M. Kelly, George E. Browning, Louis De
paoli, Eddie Loebner, Charles A. McLer
an, Claus H. Meinert, Nell A. Whyte,
William A. Fleck. William P. Grass, Fred
P. Hague, William H. Hoyt, Emery La
V&llee, Edward C. Reinig, Edward P.
Sohuert, Albert L. Stoll, Gustav A. Witte,
Loren Alexander, Lawrence L. Mayer,
Kibcrt J. Wllcox Jr., John P. Benson,
Weldon B. Cooke, Virgil B. Evans, Oliver
W. Jones. John D. Kelly, Warren H.
McFarJand, Emmett Marsh, Charles G.
Morgan, Frank W. Small. John E. Smith,
Chester W. Youngberg, George A. Glad
win, Percy - &¦ Gilman, Viola L. Bruck
man, Cora E. Dow, Charlotte N. Hucksj
Edith E. Jackson, -Henrietta Langrehr,
Nina G. Itintoul. Edith M. Small, Editri
D. Stipp, Henry G. Druhe and Robert E.
Power. ; .
MANY STUDENTS ARE
GIVEN THEIR DIPLOMAS
City Attorney Lanefiled an opinion yes
terday with the Board of Supervisors in
which- he holds that the Board of. Super
visors has no power to transfer the Lin
coln School property to the Public Library
Trustees. The board had selected the site
named for the purpose of building there
on the library building donated by An
drew Carnegie. Lane holds that the prop
erty does not belong to the city and coun
ty, but is vested in the Board of Educa
tion for school purposes only. The opin
ion says: . -— '
It would appear that every lawful endeavor
possible was made by the city and county,
under legislative sanction, to devote the Lin
coln School property exclusively to school pur
poses. Assuming that the Legislature has
power to change the character of the public
use to which vublic property may be ¦ put and
also assuming that the Legislature may prop
erly exercise such power by means o£ a free
holders' charter and further assuming that the
authority may be vested in a Board ot Super
visors to determine when such public use shall
be changed, we. reach the question herein con
ridered, namely: Is property, the legal title
to which is in the Board of Education, the
beneficial title to which is in the public, ! and
in which, as Is . said in Martin vs. Board of
Education, supra, the municipality as a cor
poration has no . proprietary interest — Is such
land property belonging to the city and county,?
Giving Its ordinary and customary meaning to
Dauehy & Co.'s Newspaper Catalogue.
We are in receipt of the 190fe edition of this
well-known work, containing all the distinctive
features which have made the eleven previous
editions valuable. This work is a complete
newspaper directory, listing all the periodical
publications of the United States and Canada.
It is handsomely bound in red cloth and con
tains 808 pages and gives complete and care
fully arranged statistics as to frequency of is
sue, date of establishment, circulation, etc., of
every publication. It is convenient for desk
U6e, and is the only newspaper directory -which
has a space for memoranda against the name
oJ each paper in which advertisers can note the
details of their contracts with the papers and
thus have their records always at hand In sys
tematic and accessible shape. The published
price is ?5, and It can be obtained from the
publishers. Messrs. Dauehy &. Co., 27 Park
place. New York, or from booRsellers. >
Lot Cannot Be Used for
Carnegie Library-
Building'. \
the word -"belonging" It certainly would seem
that such property does not -belong to the
municipality, and in the absence of judicial
definition of the phrase "real estate belonging
to the city and county" I cannot reach the
conclusion that the charter refers to propeity
in the legal position of the Lincoln School lot'
LINCOLN SCHOOL
SITE IS BARRED
Should any persons wandering through
Golden Gate Park at an early hour this
morning hear pistol shots they may know
that some gallant Frenchman, or maybe
two,\has been sent beyond the turmoils
of. this turbulent sphere, but it will be
great satisfaction to the people of the
country to know that influential gentle
men of this city had, as law-abiding cit
izens, done all in their power to suppress
a bloody and unlawful- deed.
The threatened "shooting match" is. the
outcome of a wrangle that occurred on
board the steamship Australia, which ar
rived here on Sunday from Tahiti, the
parties to the quarrel being Guy de St.
Brlssoni administrator of the Marquesas;
his wife, Mme. de St. Brisson, and Ensign
J. Rey of the French navy.
The ensign's side of the story is -that
the husband is wroth because sufficient
attention was not shown his wife. M.
Brisson's side is that his anger was
aroused because of the ensign's alleged
studied and therefore insulting frigidity
toward the lady.
ENSIGN OOLDLY POLITE.
Mme. Brisson is a lady of distinguished
bearing and beautiful to look "upon and
Monsieur is beyond everything else in the
world proud of her amiability and love
liness., When the good ship steamed away
from Tahiti the good M. Brisson Intro
duced madame to the young ensign, who
politely acknowledged the honor conferred
upon him with a low bow, and for a time
the matter ended. But the naval officer,
as people on board vessel do, came face
to face with the wife of the administrator
of the Marquesas Islands and politely
made his compliments -and admitted his
distinguished consideration by raising his
cap, out without demonstration or ecstacy
Once again the two met during. a deck
stroll and Ensign Rey, with the gallantry,
minus the I warmth of his countrymen,
acknowledged the honor of the meeting
with a bow and the usual formality.
Mme. Brisson, who was used to the at
tentions and homage of all men who had
Deen given the honor of an introduction,
felt that the ensign was cold beyond all
accounting and M. Brisson himself took
the chilly "How de do?" as an affront,
for he as much as his wife, admires those
who admire her, and those who fail in
that pleasant particular in his estimation
are to him deserving of chastisement.
DROPS CHALLENGE ON DECK.
So worked up was tlje Administrator
of the Marquesas Islands that • he sat
down and .wrote Ensign Rey a
letter, in which he is said to
nave reflected in a most uncomplimentary
manner on that gentleman's conduct.
1 urser Fulcher was appealed to, and so
was Captain Lawless, but no one could
be coaxed or bulldozed into delivering
the missive Thereupon the angry Bis
son, with the genius of a Dumas, made
sure that all on board should know the
contents and feared not that by that
means the purport of the letter would
reach Rey. He thereupon dropped the
:etter on the promenade deck and it was
picked up and read and some one .hand
ed It to Rey. On perusing the matter he
discovered that Bisson had therein called
him a.,' hog/' but in the most polite
trench, and had further challenged him
That was sufficient.
A^ h^ ! " cri , ed H ® y - " Hc calls me a hog.
Ah! He insinuates that I am from Chi
cago, while he knows well that I belong
t<v La Belle France. Blood will alone
satisfy me. I am an invalid; I am on
leave to recoup my health; I cannot hold
the sword, with which I am familiar, but
I can wield the pistol; I can shoot; I
n£>,* s^ ot . of the , flrst magnitude. Mon
Dieu! It is an insult that blood can
be 0 "! 8 !" 3 ° Ut " A dUel! Very welI « so
ONLY BLOOD WILL SATISFY.
The officers were appealed to and Pur
ser tulcner, in the hope of abating the
'xcitement, showed, in a playful way, the
cannon of the vessel and brought down
rockets and did all in his power to
oring the terriblo gentlemen to a realiza
tion that they could not engage in a duel
in. that ship, and counseled moderation
id no advice would they listen. The hus
band raved for the righting of a wrong
T*at the naval man, humiliated, knew
• hat if the contents of that letter <*o to
the ears of the officials of his nation ho
not flght branded as a coward ,if he did
Ihey requested the purser to post tho
cnallenge on a part of the vessel that all
should view the contents, but Fulcher
in the choicest English said. "Not on
thi/ ship. " y ° U P0St a chaI 'enge on
i,m he hl^ ( i aP i ta l T l Lawless w as appealed to,
but begged the gentlemen to fonret
They would do no such thing lor «ei.
PASSENGERS ALA3MED.
A,^ a ?« ayS thc , P as sengers aboard the
Australia were kept in a state of excite
ment. Brisson could not forget and Rev
remained at a loss to know exactly wha*
;jarm he had done. He agreed that he
had. not been profuse in his attention to
3 l me ,\, ? riss<>n . but he asked why he
should be compelled to pay court to any
ady. He contended that he had been po
litely respectful, and considered that thvt
was sufficient. And so argued every one
with the good III. Brisson. but to no LaH
If they would not be allowed to fight a
duel on shipboard, then, declared the nery
Brisson, they must fight when they land
ed in San Francisco. Once on land lie was
sure that he could obtain seconds and
Rey, he was as certain, could likewise hi»
as conveniently accommodated. No sooner
had the Parties to the dispute landed last
Sunday than Brisson looked around for
gentlemen who would assist him in ar
ranging the details for the duel. He him
self, demanded that it should take 'place
this morning and that the battle ground
should be in thei vicinity of Golden Gate
Park, and friends at once sought Ensfen
Rey and made him acquainted with the
determination. Rey has been diligently
engaged in an endeavor to secure seconds
and Brisson, even went so far as to try
to secure the kindly services of a well
known Imperial Consul 1 representing hi«
Government in this city to act for him in
the affaire d'honneur. ¦
Yesterday all were busy-seriously
busy. Meetings were held and Brisson
was at his wits' end, for. several American
friends informed him that under the nensu
law of the State of California such a
thing as a duer was a most serious offense
for either a principal or seconds. ense
ASKS KEY'S APOLOGY.
During the afternoon the friends of
Brisson called upon Rey at the Hotel Sn
yoy and begged that he would soothe
the enraged husband by tendering- '.n
apology which might terminate all im
pending hostilities. Rey declined to aDol
ogize on the ground that he had Insulted
nobody, and, therefore, had no apolosv
to make. i H '
At a late hour last night Brisson was
still on the warpath and hU' American
friends came again to him with advice
They told him "that if he must fight for
his honor, then, the best and only «,»
was to go about it In American fashion
and have it out on the street." iaoiuon .
Brisson objected, because, as he dp
clares, it would not be in accord with tho
code duello, or in keeping with French
precedents. u
He was again made to understand thp
law on the matter of duelling in thu
State and uttered many "sacres" and
•'diables." u
That the two gentlemen will meet to
day is a certainty, according to the state
ment of the friends on both sides but nf^
tola are barred. ' l
All concerned admit that they are thor
oughly worked up over the affair and do
not conceal their 'apprehension as to the
result. .
Elaborate arrangements have been
made for the annual outing and picnic of
the parishioners of the Church of St. John
the Evangelist, which will take place on
Thursday, June 12, at Fernbrook Park.
An enthusiastic meeting of the commitr
tee in charge and many of the prominent
parishioners was held last Sunday even
ing: and the final details of the annual pic
nic were completed. There will be a large
number of prizes and a military band will
be in attendance. Irish music and dances
will be a feature of the day, and the pro
gramme of races is a very long one. A
most enjoyable time is predicted for those.
who attend and the Rev. Father Brady is
working hard to make the outing one long
to be remembered.
The officers of the day and the com
mittees in charge of the picnic are as fol
lows:
Chairman, Rev. W. Butler; vice president,
William Huling; treasurer, Kev. P. D. Brady;
secretary. Captain Joseph Wesplear.
Committee on gate — N. Weinholz; M. Quirk,
Captain E. ' O'Connor. Thomas Whearty,
Greeley, Joseph Johnson. P. Claffy, William
McKeon. J. J. Reilly. G. Morrille and J. Mc-
Nerney.
Games — Thomas Myers, J. J. Beilly, Joseph
McDevitt. William Huling. John Tamony, Vic
tor Godwin, Thomas Whearty, John Murphy,
Thomas Greely. P. daffy. J. Blythe. M.
M. Quirk, T. Minahan and Captain E. O'Con
nor.
Jig dancing — John Murphy, J. McNerny, P.
Grady, Thomas Minaban, J. Tamony and P.
Claffy.
Printing — Captain J. Wesplear, Thomas
Minahan and Dennis Clarke.
Music — Dennis Clarke, N. Weinholz and Cap
tain J. WeSDlear.
Dancing — Captain Joseph Wesplear (floor
manager), Dennis Clarke (assistant floor
manager), Benjamin Bogue, Joseph McDevltt,
Thomas Oreely, Lieutenant Curtln, Lieutenant
O'Day. Sergeant Hurley. J. J. Reilly.; George
Weinholz and G. MJrrolIe.
Captain Colin Salmond of the steamer
Wellington spent a very uncomfortable
day in Judge Hebbard's court yesterday,
and so did his wife, Mary E. .Salmond.
They have had a merry time of it since
their marriage in 1836; and both of them
are now trying to secure a divorce. Mr3.
Salmond is determined that she shall get
the decree on a charge of cruelty, and the
captain is. equally determined ttlat he
shall get' the divorce. Fully twenty wit
nesses have appeared so far in the case
on behalf of both the litigants, and a
great deal of contradictory testimony has
been given. Mrs. Salmond accuses her
husband of being too lavish with his af
fections, and Captain Salmond says his
wife consorts with people of poor charac
ter.
Mrs. Salmond was a witness in her. own
behalf yesterday. She denied that she
ever accused Salmond of having too many
lady friends, and branded her 'husband's
charges of cruelty as falsehoods. She
never, she said, made Salmond's life mis
erable by accusing him of being unfaith
ful to her. and said that at no time on the
steamer Wellington did she humiliate him
by upbraiding him in the presence of his
fellow officers.
"Has your husband ever beaten you
within the last two years?" asked Gavin
McNab, Mrs. Salmond's counsel.
"Very often," was the answer. "He once
threw a teapot at me, and on another oc
casion he struck me on the head with a
vase, shattering the vase into a thousand
pieces."
Mrs. Salmond said that she never as
sociated with a v/oman whose character
was bad, and denied having any knowl
edge of a Mrs. Moors. She said she knew
of a Laura de Laveaga, having met her
at 310 Ellis street, where her Jather and
mother resided.
ADMITS HIRING SPOTTERS.
She admits having had Salmond's
footsteps dogged on several occasions,
and says she did it because he failed to
come home after his vessel arrived in
port. According to Mrs. Salmond her
husband is an inventive genius. She says
his income of $250 a month as captain of
the Wellington is swelled every month by
receipts from patents he is interested in.
"What articles has he patented?" 3he
was asked.
"Well, he is interested in a megaphons
attachment, a fog signal, a hook for the
back of theater seats and a billiard cue
chalker." '
Miss Laura Thompson was also a , wit
ness. This young lady said she met Sal
mond at the Portland House, in Oakland,
at Mrs. Salmond's request, to ask him. to
return to his wife. She said there was
nothing improper in the meeting, she be
ing there simply as a peacemaker. Miss
Thompson rr.et the usual fate of the
peacemaker, acc6rdin.tr to her testimony.
She said she was leaving the house when
she was confrontpd by Mrs. Salmond and
a Mrs. Farnsworth, both of whom were
apparently very angry.
"They called me a nasty thing," said
Miss Thompson, plaintively, "and Mrs.
Farnsworth assaulted me, breaking my
hairpins, knocking my hat off and causing
my clothes to become disarranged. I was
rescued by a gentleman, who came up
and requested Mrs. Salmond and her
friend to leave me alone."
' The case was continued until Thursday
morning.
.,: SMITH WAS SHAMMING. .
. The . divorce s,uit. of Maud A.-. Smith
against W. F. Smith, the well-known
architect' and clubman,- was" heard In
Judge Sloss' court . by Judge Murasky
yesterday. Further testimony will be
heard this morning- • • ¦'¦
Mrs. Smith testified that Smith com
menced abusing her thirteen months after
their marriage, in 1S95. She said Smith
possesses a violent temper and would fly
into a rage without 'the. least provocation.
Mrs. Smith said also " that Smith com
pelled her to get up at night to apply hot
plasters over his heart and to give him
brandy and water, claiming that he was
suffering from heart disease. She said
she waited upon him until her fajnilv
doctor informed her that Smith was
shamming. "Immediately I ceased wait
ing upon him," said Mrs. Smith, "the at
tacks ceased." ! ••••-•_
Mrs. Smith's testimony was* corrobo
rated by that of her mother, Mrs. Ade
laide McDonald.
Judith E. Murphy has brought a suit for
divorce aginst James L. Murphy for cru
elty. She alleges that he frequently has
beaten her. The- Murphys were married
in 1901.
Lulu Keep Weldon is suing Ellas Wal
lace Weldon for divorce for failure to
provide, alleging that though he is em
ployed as a school teacher at a salary of
$70 per mqnth he does not support her.
They were married in Oakland in March,
1S94.
Soren Peter Nielsen commenced a suit
for divorce against Bessie Neilsen yester
day, alleging cruelty. He charges his wife
with threatening to kill him. They were
married in April, 1901.
Suits for divorce were also filed yester
day by Annie Caroline Postel against
Frederick August F. Postel for cruelly.
Harriet Howe against George E. Hovye
for cruelty and Edward Kirby Keener
against Raphaella Acosta Keener for cru
elty.
Divorces were granted yesterday' to An
nie Ingham from Richard L.. Ingham for
cruelty. Belle Carmichael from Thomas
Carmichael for failure to provide and
Lottie Brown from James B. Brown for
desertion. .
Fernbook Park to Be Scene
of yaried Amusements
for Throng.
Mrs. Smith Tells About Life
With ill-Tempered
• Husband.
French Official Says > Naval
Man Slighted Wife'
Aboard Ship. /
M. Brisson and Ensign
Rey Are Ready to
Fight Duel.
Laura Thompson Alleges
Mr3. Salmond and <
Friend Beat Her.
Outing of Members of
St. John's Will Take •
Place June 12.
ALL T HEY LACK
IS THE SECONDS
PARISHIONERS
TO HOLD PICNIC
PEACE EMISSARY
RECEIVES ABUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
7
MATINEE TO-DAT. WEDNESDAY. June 4.
Parquet, any seat, 25c ; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, aay part except reserved, 10c,
GINGERY VAUDEVILLE!
Le Roy and Clayton; Irene Franklin;
Hill and Whitaker; Murphy ar.d
Slater; Peter F. Dailey and Com-
pany; Stuart Barnes; Two Little
Fucks; Lotta Gladstone, and the
Biograph.
IjOOK out FOR .
THE MOTOGIRL
THE SENSATIONAL. MXSTERY OF THE
DAY.
i\/ni i™
I V ULlHoysE
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
SOUVENIR TOY MATrNEE SATURDAY AT
2 SHARP!
COME EARLY TO GET SEATS!
THE
Toy-Maker!
PERFECT CAST! NEW SONGS! FUNNY
TOY SHOP SCENE!'"
TO-NIGHT. June 4. "WHITE HIGHBIND-
. ERS' NIGHT."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Fischer's Theater.
THER /__ Tcrevt
three! COMEDIANS.
KOLB, DILL AND BERNARD.
If you haven't seen them you haven't lived,
you haven't laushed.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
¦Will soon be saying 'FAREWELL," so take
aiiv.int.ig*> of the last weeks and get eeats j
ripht now. And there is MAUDE AMBER,
WINFIELD BLAKE, HARRT HERMSEX.
FREDA GALLICK and "well." come judge
for yourself. *
THEATRICAL EMPLOTES BENEFIT
THURSDAY AFTERNOON.
f*fll BI11BIA SHI FRMESCO'S
WUEaUlflBjA IWJiSG THEATEE
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A POSITIVE TRIUMPH.
KATHRYN KIDDER
In L>. Du Pont Syle's Adaptation of Dumas'
FRANCILLON.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
HENRY * MARGARET
MILLER ANGLIN
Aril a Special Company in A- W. Pinero's
"TRELAWNT OF THE WELLS."
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
SEAT SALE BEGINS to-morrow
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
The Powerful and Successful Melodrama — THE
SIDEWALKS
OF NEW YORK.
A eoul -stirring: eeneation A world of
novelties Wholesome comedy.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES, including LIT- i
TLE REYNA BELASCO. the Marvel- i
ous Child Dancer.
BDffpC EVENINGS 10c to 50c
r&IWCJ MATINEES 10c, 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK— "A GUILTY MOTHER."
O A BkS |^o pERA
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING— ANOTHER BIG HIT.
America's Youngest Star,
MAUDE FEALY
In the Madison Square Theater Success,
"MY LADY DAINTY"
By Madeline Luc«tte Ryley.
First Time on Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 16c 25c. COc, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
NEXT WEEK "MISS HOBBS."
H EAT R isrAr
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
WM. H. CRANE'S COMEDY SUCCESS.
His Wife^s Father.
NEXT MONDAY, June 9.
Inauguration of Fifth Annual* Season
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
la David Belasco'e Great Play,
"Z Z A "¦
SEATS NOW SELLING.
ALL THIS WEEK
A NEW CHARM.'
¦-SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
IffgaS TO-MOR ROW jgg *|
C MR. JAMBS NEILL J
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting Geo. H. Broadhurzt's New and Sue-
cetsrul Rcmantic Comedy
THE REDi KNIGHT.
Next Sunday Night— Dion Boucicault's Charm-
ing Raclnz Play,
"THE JILT»»
.SEATS TO-MORROW.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
HODERN YAUDEVUTe EVERY AFTER-
NOON ANDJVENiNG.
POOLEY AND FOWLEY; MLLE. LAUR-
ELLE; LUELLA MONTAGUE'S EDU-
CATED CATS; THE TWO LAMONTS:
DAVIS AND DE HEARDE; BACON 'AND
VANE AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIGHT
The Amateurs Will Play Ping Pong.
Admission 10c Children ...Be
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Bathin* from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. in.
ADMISSION*. 10c CHILDREN, tic
Itethinr. Including admission-. 25c; Children 20c
Weekly CaIl v $1.00.por.Tew.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
821 Butter st. — Osteopathy offers Anest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious young men
and women. Write for announcement and
any particulars/- i
802 Montgomery et., San Francisco. Cal.
SHORTHAND TAUGHT BY MAIL AND
personally; "beet teacher, best system."
MISS E 0. BARRETTS 0
CALIFORNIA. BUSINESS COLLEGE,
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
Progressive exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
Illustrated catalogue. 305 Larkin st.
. R. L. DURHAM, President.
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
XMAS TERM WILT, BEGIN AUGUST 18.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. — 24 Post at., San Francisco, Cal.
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for SO- page,- catalogue (free).
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
un equaled ser-
vice and modern
conveniences are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists^ and travel-
ers who visit San
Francisco.
.UNITED' STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
" .-- • • » OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. :— ¦ - •',.-.- -¦. ¦ ."¦ c'-' ,.>*.""¦¦"¦•¦'
• |OF THK V
Alliance
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP" LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THB 313"C
day of December. A. D. 1901. and for ta«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the Stata of Call- "
f ornla pursuant to - the provisions .of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAI*
Capital , $23.0C0,CCO
Amount of Capita! Stock, paid up In
Cash 2.780.000
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $173,170 87
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 698.312 50
Cash In Banks 04.2S3 di
Interest due and accrued oa .all
Stocks and Loans 1.750 CO
Premiums In due Course of Collection 40.034 91
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 663 60
Rents due and accrued .475 00
Total Assets $877,643 &i
LIABILITIES.
Losres adjusted and unpaid......... $2,153 30
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 2.4S3 71
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 427 84
Grces premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $221,607 93;
reinsurance 50 per cent 110.803 39
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more than one year. $103,-
979 03; reinsurance pro rata...... 63,311 68
Commissions, and Brokerage due and
to become due . e.349 03
Total Liabilities $187.863 73
INCOME. . "
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums $237,633 01
Received for interest and diTidends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
•all other sources 22.044 17
Received for Rents 13.7«7 31
Total Income ...5203.461 7t
EXPENDITURKS.
Net amount paid for Flre Losses
(including $4,452 27, losses of pre-
vious years) $67,900 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •-. 61.617 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 13,283 24
Paid for Stats. National and Local
taxes 3.764 0a
All other payments and expenditure* 20.463 77
Total Expenditures $167,123 04
~ -".'.'- "• ' ' ' \ Five.
Losses incurred during the year.... S68.073 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $26,201,300 $337.054 13
Net amount of Risks
expired durin* the - »
year 22.732.131 279.8S1 98
Net amount In force
, December 31. 1901.. 230,537 01
SAML. R. WEED tof Weed & Kennedy).
¦ ¦ ¦ . ... Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. tnia 27t»
day of January, 1902.
GEO. H. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York.
» ,' ; ' *' ¦ •¦ : ' ¦'¦ ¦¦ ,
I .-
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco, Cal. ' »-
C. F. MULLINS, E. T. MEBLHSG,
Manager. Asst. Manager.
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TABY PUBLIC A50 ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013; ClaUs Spreckels Bid?.
Telephone Main 933.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
STA.TElly4:E32SrT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— —OF THE > : - 1
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF "WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OB*
New York, on the 31st day' of December,
A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on that
day. as , made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the Stat* of California, pursuant to the
previsions of sections 610 and till of the- Po-
litical Code, condensed a3 per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Id Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... 3.17,400 0'1
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . 773,211 5U
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
ami Bonds owned by Company.. 724,665 63
Amount uf Loans secured by
jiledjte of Bond?. Stocks.' and
othf^r marketable securities as ' '-,>•.*
collateral 239.244 IS
Cash In Company's Office. 4,185 11
Cash in Eanks 133.230 69
Interest due and accrued on all . . , .
Stocks and Loans 11.S54 f 5
Interest dun and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27,373 SO
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 119.081 03
Due from oth»»r Companies for re-
. insurance on losses already paid. 2.930 63
Total Assets $2,376,679 35
LIABILITIES.
Lonees adjusted and unpaid $29,101 06
Losses in process of Adjustment cr
irv Suspense . • • •• 58,182 05
Losses reflated. Including expenses. 11,071) CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- *• •
ring one year cr leas. $828,803 00:
reinsurance 50 per c?nt 413,401 SO
Gross premiums on Flre Risk* run- . ¦.'«. ¦ '.
nlng more than one year. $1,462.- -\ ...
070 00; reinsurance pro rata 767,482 13
- Total Liabilities $1,281,137 04
INCOME. ~~~
Net cash actually received for
Flre premiums $1,CS7,G31 17
Received for interest on Bonds and ¦
' Blortsages Vliv: ¦ V 44 ' 424 *»
Received for interest and dividends . ) -,:
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other eourcas 44.4TI 2S
R» eel veil for Rents ,4,542 23
Received from all other sources.... 9i4 05
Total Income $1,181,975 *-l
EXPENDITURES, i ~ ~
Net amonnt paid for Fire Losses
(inciudins $35,020 56, losses of
previous years) t. $321,631 B7
Dividends to Stockholders 50.CC0.C0
Paid or allowed for Commission or . . ¦
Brokerage 221,833 27
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. $8,237 41
Paid for State. National and Local .
taxes 49,21163
All ether payments »nt! expendi-
tures ; 102.992 57
Total Expenditures $1,036,961 51
l^l~£: Flr«.~
Fosses Incurred during the year $554,874 CO
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net. amount of Risksl
written during the
year $164,133,500 J1.C53.072 CO
Net amount of Rinks
erpired during the
y »ar 150,310,000 1.540,215 CO
Net amount in force
December 31. l'JCl- 230,617.000 3.2S9.7S2 CO
A. II. SAWYER. President"
\7. IT. STEVENS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of February. 1902.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Dapartmsnt.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-13 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CITY AGENT t
GEORGE H.» MURDOCK,
• 412 California Street.
•STATEME3STT
THE- - - \
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF 'PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on *he 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. l'JOl, and for the year ending on
that <!ay, as mado to the Insurance Commis-
sioner ot the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections C10 and fill of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank- fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up" '*¦ "¦•
in Cain $500,000 00
. ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company:. $397,178 54
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. SS2.402 53
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 706,552 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar- '
ketable securities as collateral.. 2.700 00
Cash in Company's Office.. ..•...". S.SC7 74
Cash In Banks 03,138 30
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and" Loans ; 7.052 C7
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13.677 80
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • 160,531 00
Ground rents, well secured 19,520 00
Rents due and' accrued 2C5 73
Total assets $2.360. SS6 83
¦ LIABILITIES. — "-
Losses adjusted and unpaid $61,693 So
Losses In process of Adjustment or -
In Suspense 03,00.173
Losses resisted, including expenses 23,966 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,039,-
578 11; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 519, 7$9 05
Gross premiums on Fife risks run- . ;
nlns more than one year, $875,-
0S7 63; reinsurance pro rata 419,150 31
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual flre Insurance poli-
cies •". .¦>• ¦• . 075.309 64
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 30,351 50
Total Liabilities $1,724,173 28
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .$1,263,029 28
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages \... 4S,10S 51
Received .for interest and dividends -
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources.; 3R.CC4 37
Received for Rents 8.8S7 «4
Received from all other sources., 2?, 650 08
• .Total Income $l,3S5,340 71
EXPENDITURES. j . : ¦ T
Net amount paid for Flre Losses " • . •
(including $126,103 04, losses of ¦ ; .
previous years)...... ••••...$1,018,183 18
Dividends to Stockholders. ........ 35,000 00
Paid or alSowed for Commission
or Brokerage 204,207 CO
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other ¦ ¦ .-.
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 44.100 00
PalU for State. National ¦ and Local '
taxes ¦•¦¦ 44,561 53
All other payments and expendi-
tures • 103,307 07
Total expenditures. ........: . .$1,549,359 38
1 '. • Fire^
Losses Incurred during the year. .$1.071. G43 00
RlEks and Premiums. IFire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
• written during the
year <¦ $156,775,529 I1.S3C.0J0 19
Xet amount of Risks
expired during the
year.. 153,1SO-,261 1,701,20971
Net' amount In force
, December 31. 1901,. 165.143.020 1,914,665 04
* : THOS. H: MONTGOMERY. Pres.~
RICHARD MARIS. Seo.
Subscribed and eworn to before me, this 7th
day of February. 1002. . . - . . ,
H. F. REARDON. Notary Public.
.: Pacific Coast Department. '
EDWARD BROW.N&SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS, / 7
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CITY AGENTS:
C. A. HENRY & CO., •
, 215 Sansome Street. >.
STATEMENT
. . —^-Of the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE ., COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA.' IX THi; STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on' the 31st day ofDecem-
b&r, A. D. 1901, and Icr the year ending on
that day, as made tn the Insurance Commis-
sioner of 'the State of California, pursuant to
th« provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the |
Political Code, condensed- as per blank fur-;
nlshed by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $702,S75 00
"' ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $200,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages . . . . 12T.X00 00
Cash Market Value' of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 950.713 01
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bond*. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 50,000 CO
Cash in Company's Office...- 4'JO 14
Cash in Banks 6S.515 75
Interest <iue and accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans ;• 12,622 37
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and ..Mortgages 1,705 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion S6,ttM 83
Agenty' Balances 30,5X0 72
Rent due and. accrued . CCS .'It
Total Assets $1,544,100 80
LIABILITIES.
Losses r.djustcil and unpaid $700 00
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense : , S6.870 00
Losses resisted, including exfenses 1,000 00
Grots premiums en Fire utisks"
running* one year or less, $468,-
400 55; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 223,204 77
Gross- premiums on Fire Risks
running iribre than ,ene year ,
$730,312 00; reinsurance pro rata 374,727 45
Amount. reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies 112.902 79
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 77 CO
Total Liabilities : $770,482 01
INCOME. , ' "~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums •. $6S1,162 35
Deposit premiums on perpetual
risks 10,109 02
Received for interest on Bonds arsd
Mortgages G,207 50
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds, ¦ Stocks. Leans and
from all oth<;r soui-ces 41,072 . "5
Received for Rents 9,820 00
Received from all other sources... 43,822 29
Total Income ...« »:... $792,374 41
. : . . EXPENDITURES. ""
"ftnSSE 1 .?
previous years) $291,931 04
Dividends to Stockholders 21,086 23
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 170, 7C0 67
Paid (or Salaries,- Fees and other ' '•
charges for officers, clerk*, etc 62,575 46
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 25.0C7 71
AH other payments and expendi-
tures :................ 67.403 10
-Tctal Expenditures $739,814 20
Fire!
¦Losses incurred during the year... $3.93.242 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the - ~^K
year ISO.OOS.eOB $S30,OSO li
Net amount of Risk? ,
expired during the
year 8«, 470,430 030, 4S0 SO
Net amount In force ' . •
December 31. 1001.. 110.0S3.1S7 1.157.823 81
T CHARLES H. YARNELL. President,
i HENRY LYLDURN. Secretary. -
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January. 1002. ¦
RICHARD H. REILLY. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department; '
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGEHTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ;--
CITY AGENTS j .
ROBINSON & NIPPERT,
y . 216 Sansome Street.
ADVEETISEKENTS.
g DISEASES OF mEN.
a — — : — — 15 Years a Socialist
M V^^^lfeS*^^ During fifteen
til years of active
gj Jfrii-'ta&^ practice as a
M mtiUftS \ specialist 1 n
HI tJMaSgj ,____A_ men's diseases,
K! W>£k& •^3? s Sb2 I have aceom-
j3 naaSj* ' 'M \3 ' plished what
PI vT^% ' physicians for
n G^v*wL centuries have
W <2W$W. J *0m*$&£ endeavored t o
H \ ''^^M^^ placed the
11 N. >1 tAM^nBa treatment o f
M X ifrwff male maladies
H y\ ' ¦ / X. upon an abso-
U f /\ • J\ \ lutely scientific
B / V*^ _^-*t£# \ \ basis. Under
M • / r^^wT \ J my orl k 1 n a 1
H / \ 1? I '.""^^ methods of
H * J&bkJ treatment there
n 9 y&>toi | a no possibility
M O. C. JOSLEN. M. D.. of failure. Men
H The I*adinc Specialist, are invited to
M consult me upon
1 any disease of a private nature.
1 CONTRACTED DISORDERS.
I In the treatment of contracted- dis-
1 orders I offer a service such as no other
J physician can render. The remedies I
1 employ have a most thorough and posl-
I live action in cleansing the membranes
S of all infection and subduing all inflam-
H matlon. My manner of application insures
IS absolute thoroughness. and removes
n every possibility of relapse or a chronic
£! stage. My cures are not only thorough,
ra but are accomplished in the briefest time
fa possible. — ¦
|| My pamphlet. "Live All Your Tears
gjj a.Man," is mailed free upon application.
H Consultation free at office or by mail.
g r>Ff. O. C JOSl-EN.
H 1049 Mirket St., Diagonally Opp. Eiberai* Bank
fl3 wzf BFa Ku ,ji9 KwL ESkL miff fn-3 w% 'GeA| A> VS^. jW»
. 5 :¦ ¦, •• •¦ ¦ : - ¦ ¦ ' - ' ¦
Many babies take large quanta
ties of food but get little nourishment.
It is what is digested, not what
is eaten, that nourishes.
Mellin's Food with fresh milk is
like mother's milk, is all digestible^
and nourishing. <
' We will send you a book filled with pictures of beautiful "Mellin's Food Babies," and a
aample of Mellin's Food, if you will send us your name on a postal.
They are both free and you will be glad to get them.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
AMUSEMENTS.
advertisements:
Single box mattress on
tegs, covered with XX
ticking and having 18
steel tempered springs.
$2.95
We sell so many of
these mattresses at this
price that a reasonable
time must be given us for
delivery. We make a
specialty of estimates on
furnishing entire houses,
flats and hotels and can
save you money. Liberal
credit and free delivery
within 100 miles.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.
338-342 POST STREET,
OpDoslte Union Siunre.Xo further change in Beans Is observable
The market continues inactive and featureless.
Seeds are nominal.
Beans and -Seeds.
There was an active demand for Consoli
dated Tobacco 4s. Otherwise the bond market
NEW YORK, June 3.-r-It would be useless to
peek for anything but a negative Inference
from the operations in to-day 1 s^ stock market
owing to the smallness of the dealings and the
languid movement of prices. Variations of as
much .as a point are rare and must be sought
I among the obscure portions of the list". An
I example of the curb market Is' offered by St.
Paul, usually an active leader of the market,
. but in which there were only three transac
tions up to 2. o'clock to-day. It Is necessary to
go back nearly two years to the period preced
ing the last Presidential, election to. find such
show .of stagnant speculative interest. The
.undertone was rather firm, as the immediate
new developments were favorable to values.
The baying was entirely by the small profes
sional traders and the market was so narrow
that they were obliged to concede all of the
advance in price caused by their bidding In
order to close even a contract. The traders
bought during the first hour from k the' belief
that the success of the anthracite operators
In keeping their mine pumps going in spite of
the strike -would presag.- a rise in the
value of anthracite stock Imnortance was
also attributed to the notable Increase in the
receipts of corn and the resultant decline In
the corn market. The immediate benefit of in
creased traffic for railroads by the larger re
ceipts was considered of much less consequence
than the obvious inference that the freer of
ferings of corn were due to belief of planters
that the coming crou would be abundant The
higher rate for money was probably the most
lntluentlal factor . in repressing speculation.
Rates for call money ruled ct about last
week's maximum throughout. The syndicate
operations last week which resulted in the
$15,000,000 loan expansion by the banks are
liable to be repeated In kind at almost any
tim«; and. the effect on the money market in the
present narrow state of surplus reserves is an
object lesson against free speculative commit
ments.' • • ' ;
Nezu York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Arrivals of new Hay are steadily Increasing
and the market is: weak, with new volunteer
wild oat selling at $7@S 50 and new whsat at
?S 50@9 50. Old Hay Is quiet and easy.
Bran and Middlings rule firm at the quota
tions. 1 ..
BRAN — $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 @24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21(522 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25026; job
bing $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $-"U©32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50-
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $9 50J/11 50: -Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50-
Oat, $S(ffil0 50: Alfalfa, $7®ll: Clover, $7@9-
Volunteer, $6 50®8 50; Stock, $6@S per ton. '
STRAW — 10@C5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
New York Metal , Market..
NEW YORK. June 3.— The feature in to
day's metal markets was. the break of £3 in
prices for tin at London, owing to selling pres
sure from Rome or the bulls. Thus- spot closed
there at £132 5s Id, futures at £128. The local
market was weak; but ¦" prices were not " ma
terially changed. .": Spot closed at ?2!» 50iH;29 75.
Copper . was lower here, with sales of. spot
. ST. JOSEPH.
• ST. JOSEPH. June 3.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1500: steady; natives, $5 35©" 25: • cows and
heifers. $1 25@fi 30: veals, $3 50@6; stockers
and feeders. $2 5034 50. - , .
HOGS^— Receipts. 11,000; steady to 5c higher;
light- and light" mixed, $6 900.7 27%: medium
and heavy, $7 15@7 40; pigs, .$5@C 15. ¦ r
SHEEP— Receipts. 900; steady. •
CHICAGO, June 3.— CATTLE— Receipts.
3000; slow, steady; good to prime steers, $7®
7 50; poor to medium, $4 75@8 75; stockers
and feeders. $2 50@5 25; heifers, $2 50@6 25;
canners, $1 50SI2 50; bulls, $2 25@5 20; calves.,
$2<gO 50; Texas fed steers, $5 50@6 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 22,000; to-morrow,
28,000; left over, 11000; active, 5c higher; mixed
and butchers, $(3 95@7 37%; good to choice
heavy, $7 30@7 45; rough heavy. $7@7'25; light
?(i 70®7 15;'bulk of sales .$7@7 35, '
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000; . sheep steady;
lambs higher; good wethers, $5 5O(SB 25; choice
to mixed. $4 5<!@5 40; Western sheep. $5 25@
6 25; native lambs, clipped. $5 25@7»15; West
ern lambs, $5 25@7 25; spring lambs, top,
§7 60. / .
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June. 3. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes In, avail
able supplies since last report:
Wheat — United States and Capada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 4,317,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, decreased 1,100,000 bushels.
Total supply, decreased 5,417,000 bushels.:'. -
Corn — United States and Canada, east of th»
Rockies, decreased 2000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased S51, 000 bushels.
Available, Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening ...511% 6 1V4
Closing 5 10% 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 05 20 35
Closing '22 10 20 40
Flour —
Opening 26 SO 26 40
Closing 26 SO 2G 45
Foreign Futures.
Hollister— Hay more than half harvested,
crop light, quality good. ,
Napa — Hay and grain doing, well, prospects
good for large yield.
San Jose — Fruit and grain doing nicely; cher
ries ripening fast. , ; .' -
Santa Maria — Second hot day; unfavorable
for grain, but not other crop?; cooling oft now.
Livermort — Hay in swath and windrow dam
aged by rain, bunches unhurt.
Newman— Grain ripening nicely; warni north
wind, due to fire in hills.
Palermo — Orange trees heavily set with fruit;
olives looking well.
¦ Santa Rosa — Little hay down, but llttla dam
age done by rain; weather clear.
Eureka — Little hay down, but little damage
done by rain; weather clear.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Section Director.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy:
No. 3 wheat, «)@72c: No. 2 red, 78@80c; No. 2
yellow corn C2%@63c: No. 2 oats, 40%@41c;
No. 2 white. 4.T%c; No. 3 white, 42%®4.J%c;
No. 2 rye. 58V'@S9c; fair to choice malting bar-
Icy. »jr>@(i7'X!c; Xo. 1 flaxseed, $1 58; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 7ti; prime timothy seed, $6 30
(5<j»:5: mess pork, por bbl. $17 20@17 25; lard,
per 100 lbs, $10 22V&@10 25; short ribs sides
(loose). S9 S0@9 90; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 8(SSV4c: short clear sides (boxed).
$10 20@10 25; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles — Receipts.- Shipments.
Flour barrels 25,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 39,000 96.000
Corn, bushels 073.000 490.000
Oats bushels 516,000 472.000
Rye. bushels 3.000 4,000
Barley, bushels " 8.000 .
On the Produce Exchange the Butter market
was steady; creameries." l.S©22c; dairies, 17%(5>
19c: cheese, easy, 10@ll%c; eggs, firm, fresh
luJ/'C.
Quotations for Wool stand , as before. The
local "market is reported in -very good shape
for sellers. AH the Spring Wool except Hum
boldts and | Mendocinos are practically gone,
and the good foothills are also well cleanel
up. Most of the greasi* Wool suitable • for
Eastern shipment. is likewise off the market,
but Wools for scouring are still slow, prices
being considered too high for present uses.
There Is little doing 1% Hops. Buyers "are
still willing to pay 12Vic for choice Sonomas
and Russian r«yers. new crop, but the growers
are unwilling contract, preferring to take
their chanci*. in the open market as they did
last year, when th;y did very well, by follow
ing this policy.
There is no change in Hides and Tallow-
Both aro steady and In good demand but no
further advance is expected in the former as
prices are already at a high level.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salteil
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides
9%c for heavy and 0c for light; Stag* 7c :
Salterl Kip. 9c; Saltpil Veal, fli^c; Salted C"»lf'
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%c; Culls. 14<??l5c • * rV
Kip. ll@13c: Dry Calf. 16@18c; Culls' and
Brands. l"i@16c; Sheep3kins. shearlings 2\m
; J .0c ea-h; short Wool. 40(960? each: me'dlum
«iiV&75c: long Wool. SOc<fI$t 20 each" Horie
Hides, salt. $T» for large and ?2 50 for me
dium. $1 5C®2 for small and 50c for Colts-
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for larg* $1 50 for
medium. ?1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts
Buck Skins-Dry Mexican. 32 %c; dry salted
Mexican. 2oc; dry. Central American. 32^c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; -one tierce. • 10%c; two
tierces. 10%c; five tierces,- 10%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@S%c per lb
for compound and 12 %c for' pure; half-barrels
pure. 12%c: 10-lb tins, 13Vic; 5-lb tins 13%c;
3-lb . tins, 13%c. . .
' CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy. 13Vic for light medium. 14%c for light
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; Cali
fornia .Hams. 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl ; extra Mess. $10 50@ll ; Family. $11 50®
12; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear
$23: Mess. $18 50@19: Dry Salt Pork 12V,c :
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef'
13ii©14c per lb.
This market continues quiet and featureless
everywhere. Chicago was slightly higher yes
terday, with brokers buying on all weak spots.
The San Francisco market continued dull at
previous prices.
Provisions.
HONET — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted. 6{g)
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%,c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-cro\»n. Sc: 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels, 5%c for 4-crown and
5V4c for" seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers. $1 60 per box ' . • •
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. ll@ll%c;
No. 2. 6@7c: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2,
7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10o
for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5@7c for Eastern; 'Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50^5. > i
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40s. CVi@6%c; 40-50s. 5@5',{c; 50-eOs. 4V4@
4%c; (i0-70s, 4@4iic: 70-80s. 3%@3%c; 80-903.
3<§3VJe; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
The quotations for Fruit are now almost
wholly 'nominal, as there Is hardly enough Jiere
to make a market. Nuts, too, are so well
cleaned up that they are hardly worth quoting.
Most descriptions of Raisins have also disap
peared, as will be seen by the list below, so
that .considered as a whole there Is no market
for anything under this head except Honey
at the moment. ,As for Honey, conditions have
greatly changed during the past thirty days,
and Instead of the large yield expected a few
weeks ago it is now known that this 1 year's
output will be comparatively lisht
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; EVapo
iated Apples, l(xgill%c; sun dried, 6@7c;
Peaches, 6Vi@SVic; Pears, 6@Uc; Plums. pltt»d,
5<&6%c; unpitted. 1%<52%c: Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%i??6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c
for black and 5%@6c for white.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The weekly report cf A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop sen-ice of the
Weather Bureau, Is as follows:
General summary — The temperature has been
slichtly below normal during the week, and the
weather generally clear until near the close,
v.hen showers occurred in the central and
northern diEtricts. Kri^k winds have prevailed
in tte valleys and along the coast.
Grain harvest has commenced in portions o^
the San Joaquin Valley. Wheat, barley and
oats arc developing rapidly in the Sacramento
and San Joaquin valleys, and prospects con
tinue good for heavy crops la nearly all places
exeppt the south, where the yield will fall far
below average and in .some cases the crop will
i>e a failure. Rain caused but little damage
to rrain, but injured cut hay in some locali
ties Th° hay crop is turning out unusually |
heavy and of superior quality. Reports from ,
BoatterB California Indicate that wh»at will
yield abcut half the average crop, barley wiU
be a fair crop and hay heavier than for sev
«-r&! years. Sugar be«?t6 will probably be lisht,
cwirR to scanty rainfall. Hops, beans and
•vegeuibles are doir.s v.-ell.
'.'berries, strawberries and other small fruits
were considerably damaged by the rain. Apri
cots cf excellent quality are in market. Prunes
In Sonoma County are developing better than
expected a few weeks ago, end some growers
expect two-thirds of a crop. Pears In the San
Joaquin Vallev have been s<=riousiy injured by
ij'.ight. Otner deciduous fruits are In good con
dition. Vineyards are remarkably thrifty and
a heavy yield of grapes is probable. Citrus
'rulxs and walnuts are doinc well.
Sacramento Valley— Abnormally cool weather
has prevailed during the week, with fresh
srjt.ho.riy winds and rain, and heavy snow In
the mountains.. Grain has been benefited by
the <~oo: wrather and but slightly damaged by
rsin; wheat, oats and barley are in excellent
condition .and prospects continue good for
heavy crops. Haylr.g has been somewhat re
tir-ied tiT.i some hay damaged by the rain.
<""herr!»s and other small fruits were also con
riderabiy damaged, but in other respects the
~?i*i v.as very beneficial. A shipment of apri
cots wai> made irom Gulncla early in the week.
Ml deciduous fruits are in good condition and
advancing rapidly, with indications of a heavy
rield. Blackberries and strawberries are abund
ant and of excellent quality.
roast and bay sections — Cool weather during
th» v»ek has retarded g-owth and development
rf fraitfl Brisk winds have prevailed in most
sM-t'.ori a-.<S heavy rain has fallen In the cen
tra! and northern' counties. Cherries, etraw
tfrric* ar.rt hay have been considerably dam
- ~™ by tho rain, but hops, corn and vegetables
prVatlv benefited. The hay crop is reported
«4sT bM*T «n the central and northern coun
tiA," i.ut Ucfet in the south. Grain Is in excel
lent condition ar.fl heavy crops are expected In
all ex-fyt the southern counties. The fields
in Alanfeda Cwmty nrc unusually preen for
tv-e peason Vteem are very tnrifty and full of
tra-es Prunes In Sonoma County are develop
¦-"' better than expected, and some growers
I'wcrx. two-thirds of a crop. Peach trees are
iwmvttr la<Jfn and thinning- will be necessary.
Citrus" fru't * are in erxifl condition.
San Joaquin Valley — The weather has been
Federally clear and cooi daring the week, with
b-iplc w!ndf= Light rain hoe fallen in the cen
iral <-ounti*F. and heavy shower* occurred In
S2»e nVth on Saturday. The rain caused con
i^Ulerable d&nia&» to cut hay and rlpenins? cher-
Ir!->« ir «>rtiP sections, but was beneficial to all
Otber crop?, ••specially lat? grrain. Wheat is
In* snod condition ?xc»pt in the south, and a
fair yielft Is expected. Harvesting has com
meicia I" Madera County. The second crop of
clfalfa is 1y?!ng cut. Grain-hay is reported un
fp al'.y -i heavy and of FUrwrior quality in the
-iorthMn counties. Green feed If plentiful.
Vineyards are thrifty, and give indications of
a heavr vieM. Apricots are ripening in Fresno
Colin'/ "BlUrrit will cause a. heavy losn in the
r*ar crop. Other deciduous fruits will yield
'"southern California— Generally clear, warm
"-ea«h»r has prevailed durinp the week, and no
rain" h*« ta\\*n. Haying Is progressing; in
fomc p!aces the crop is reported much better
than expected, and Ir. others the heaviest for
several years. There will be a fair yield of
rarlW and abo-Jt half the average yield of
v-h*at In nw sections. Parturage Is becom
lne Fcarcc. Vegetables are plentiful and of
-jperior qupllt;-, and potatoes are looking un
umjaJl? thrifty. The sugar beet crop at Ana
hein Will b» light. Walnuts are doing well,
1)U* ere dropping in eoms places. Trospeets are
roo<J for a Jarge yield ol grapes. Apricots are
lighter than expected. Citrus fruits are In
god oontfltSoiL
l»ss AneeJee eummary — Cool weather retard-
The Weather and Crops.
Articles — -Open. High. Low." Close.
Wheat No. 2
July 71% 721/j 71V* 71%
September 70>4 70% »iO«3 60 u.
December.'. 71^,. 72 70% 70%
Corn No. 2 —
July .....* 62H 62% M'i 61%
September ...... 58%:j •> 50 57% 57%
December 44% 44% 43 U 43 Vi
Oats No. 2—
July (old) 34% 35 34!4 - 34%
July (new) 36% 37tf 3G% 'M%
Sept. (old) 27^ 2S 27%. 27%
Sept. (new) 20% 30 20% 29%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 17 I2V- 17 30 17 12>,4 17 20
September 17 22 Vi 17 32% 17 22 % 17 30
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July : 10 22'/ = 10 .".0 10 22% 10 25
September 10 30 10 37% 10 25 10 27%
Short Ribs, tier 300 lbs—
.Tuly 9 82% 9 92% 9 82% 9 87%
September 9 SO 9 90 9 80 9 85
FRUIT. AND WEATHER BULLETIN.
For twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.. 120th
meridian time. San Francisco, June 3. 1
The pressure has risen slowly over the north
ern half of the country and fallen rapidly over
Utah and Eastern Nevada.
Warmer weather prevails over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. In the
foothills and in the Sierras temperatures are
more nearly normal than they have been for
some days past. Summer conditions are be
ginning to prevail in the -valley.
Xo rain has fallen in California, and no fog
is reported on the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June 4:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; light northerly winds in
the interior; fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; light southerly, winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday; continued warm. '¦
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature at 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats, '$5 25: Hominy, $40
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 35@9; In
sacks, $0 S5@S 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs".
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3i@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 00. ..
Flour and^Millstuffs.
Ir formal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — December— 4000 ctls, -83%c.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales, s ;•¦¦;:> -. -;^
OATS Thus far this week there has been
no continuation of the activity noted last week,
and the market is now quoted quiet, though
dealers continue to hold with firmness. Quo
*%X*\T Whites. $1 3o@l 50;
Milling," % $1 50@l 55: Black, $1 25@1 35; Red,
SI 32V><8\ 45 per ctl.
CORN — Chicago continues to decline under
very light trading, though country acceptances
are now reported small. The San Francisco
market is very dull and sellers are willing to
make concessions to effect sales.
Large Yellow, $1 4."i@l 50; small round do,
$1 50®l 52^: White, $1 55@1 CO.
RYE— Continues quiet at 00@9oc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — $2 25<§2 50 per ctl asked.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
4000 ctls. $111; 2000, $1 lOT's-
Second Session — December — 2S.O0O ctls.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
Afternoon*' Session — December* — 1000 ctls,
$1 10J4: 2000, ?1 10%. ,,,„„,
BARLEY— The market was decidedly weak
er yesterday, with plenty of sellers and few
buyers. For the best Feed OTVjC was asked,
but not obtained, and even offers to sell at
•JtiVtC' failed to secure buyers. There is noth
ing doing, on shipping account at present, and
brewing grades are ! also very quiet.
Feed 95WAC for No. 1 and ittfe&KIKc for
off grades; brewing, 97'S ; @98 : Jic; Chevalier.
SI 20 asked for standard
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Spot chartering is
.quiet at about 23s 9d@25s, usual options. The
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 18.SC0, against 25,2^00 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged, 23,200 tons,
against none last year; on the way to this port.
251,200 tons, against 185,200.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were weak and
Paris futures steady. Both markets were
nuiet Bradstreet's gave the world's stocks as
follows : East of the : Rockies, a - decrease of
4 317 000 bushels; Europe and afloat, a decrease
of 1,100,000; total decrease, 5,417,000 bushels.
Chicago was weak and lower owing to the
easy cables but there was good buying on the
decline by the Gates party. General specula
tion was limited. Everybody was inclined to
hammer the market on the fine weather.
This market was lower again on call, but un
changed as to shipping grades.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13% ; milling, $1 15
@1 lGVi per ctl. :
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — $4 So^j
fc'terling Cables, sight...' — . 4 s£'*
Sterling Cables — ¦ 4 S9Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1 • \i
Silver, per ounce — ->'-
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4oVa
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, June 3. — At one time wheat gave
promise of a good bulge.' Liverpool cables
were weak, luxuriant growth was reported Iroin
most of the Western fields and the weather was
all that could be expected. This caused an
opening weakness, but support in the way of
buying July started an up-turn. "Tailers '
came in on the buying side, as did commission
houses, and July, which had opened %@V"jc
lower at 71%(ii71%c, advanced to 72Vic. Part
ot this strength was given through the decrease
of 5.417.0U0 bushels in the world's visible sup
ply. This prie'e, however, could not withstand
the constant selling pressure that was brought
to" bear from the Southwest and the Northwest.
Karly crop talk influenced the crowd to change
sentiment arid soon everything was on the
down turn. July slumped sharply to 71 1 /i<
and closed .weak, v^^^c down, at 71%@71%c.
Corn ruled weak all day. Cables were rather
firm, but the foreign markets were dull. The
big bull Interests were buying for a time, but
succeeded only in steadying the decline. July
corn closed weak, I@n4c lower at 01%c.
Oats, were stronger than the other grains to
day, but were dull and featureless as far as
ttadins was concerned. July closed unchanged
at S0»ic
Provisions showed strength after a weak
opening. Hogs were firm at the yards in spite
of the teamsters' strike and heavy reductions
in ribs stocks induced good buying. , July pork
closed 2',2C up, lard unchanged and ribs 5c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
::iuch and long-desireU time tu work a trine
ahead in their order books. There is hardly a
tcuare in the city of San Francisco that does
not witness some building improvements, and
the demand lor constructive material, both lum
ber and steei, is extremely active, and ditficulty
is e*perieii<-*d in tilling the calls. The Crocker
Ustaie Comi>a:iy found that the only way to
eeeure their sieel material was to order it irom
abroad, for this country lound its mills too
heavily crowded with orders to admit of deliv
ering any linisheti products withiu nine months
or a year, and this same status of conditions
can be lound in the lumber circles, lor one
day last month taw this city ten million feet
behind the requirements. This plainly shows
a remunerative condition of affairs and the mill
owners and shingle plants are enjoying the
hei£ht ol prosperity."
"The economic law of supply and demand
v.as never better illu'strated than In the cur
lent conditiQPS of the Pacific Coast lumber
ir.arket for ihe month just closed. There has
been a. noticeable increase in the number and
t-xtent ot the orders coming to this coast, and
the mills are having extremely difficult work
to keep anywhere within range of their orders,
which are piling up on tue aesks in every of
fice m tblfi city. The same is true of the mill
centers o: Oregon and Washington, lor tho
cx-iisi mills trc booming along at an unprece
ticnted i^ace. ¦ > ..
"Prices have advanced, for the supply is far
and away below the incoming orders, and the
lr.ilimea are hard pressed un all hands. Lum
ber of every grade and specie, alung with the
redwood and cedar shmgie.-s is being demanded
in all t-izes and quantities-, and the n:ill man
agers have no breathing muiviis. Some 01 the
glacis are being rushed c^y sum ni^ht. and they
:ttl the inadequacy of (feeir njsamg iacilities
as they never did before. There has been an
advance of »2 lor uppers in merchantable and
select clear and further rises can be expected
before lon^. * -
"The trouble with the building trade circles
has caused tome misgivings, ana if it culmin
ates in a teriuus tieup, the mills may have the
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says
Lumber Conditions in May.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins;
Apples, $1 ?5@1 55: Aprtcots, $1 25@1 50;
Peaches, #Wlcw. $1 40®l 65; do. Lemon Cling,
$1 50*()l 73: Bartlett Pears, $1 50«§)l 75; Pluma.
$1 lOtfil 30: Nectarines, $1 23@1 50; Muscat
Grapes, $i 1501 35; Quinces, $1 30@l 55;
Strawberries, $1 50@l 73; Blackberries, $1 40
@1 00.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; SouthfliMd
Wellington, $9: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $0 '•0;
Koslyn. $7; Cocs Bay. $5 50; Greta, $S; Walls
end. $8 50; Co-ODerative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, ¥12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks: Penn
| sylvania Anthracite' Egg 1 , ; Welsh Anthra
cite. $14: Cannel. $11 Der ton: Coke, $15 p«?-
ton In bulk and $17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain
: descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per
: ton, according to brand.
CORDAGE— The local cordage comoaiy
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 16%c per lb.
Steal size. 12^4c; Bale Rope, 12%c for Sisal
and 16%c for Manila; Duplex, ll^ic. Terms.
HO days or 1% per cent cash discount. Lots o*
1000 lbs. lc less. . '
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 8%c:
caseo, regular. Co; cases, extra large, o'.+ e:
cases' Eastern style, 6$sc; Boneless. - 7c; "Nor
way," 7c; "Narrow Gauge." 7%c; "Silver
King," Sc: blocks, "Orientals." 7c; blocks.
"Seabrisrht," 7%c; tablets, 8c; Middles. 7%@
8%c;-5-lb' boxes, fancy boneless. 9%c: 2-lb
boxes, fancy boneless, 8SS%c; Desiccated, per
dozen, 00c: Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $8;
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, eacb. $5.
COFFEE— Costa Rica — 14©15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12 J - i ©13\ic for prime
washed, 10%@ll%c for good washed; ll%@13c
for good to prime peaberry; 10>4@llc for good
to orime; 9*S'J%c for fair; 5%@7%c for com
mon to ordinary.
Salvador — 12@12%c for strictly prime washed:
10@ll%c for good to prime washed; 8%@9%c
for fair washed; 10@HVic for good to prime
washed ueaberry; 9@9%c for good to prims
semi-washed: 8%@9c for superior unwashed; 8
©S'4c for cood green unwashed: 9@9%c for
good to superior unwashed peaberry; 5%@7c
for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@14c for crime to fancy
washed; 9i4@10%c for fair to strictly good
washed;. 7%<S8 1 4c for good to »ui>erior un
washed; S%@9%c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12%@15c for prime
to fancy washed: ll@12c for strictly good
washed; 10%<gil0%c for cood washed; 9@10c
for fair washed: 7%@S%c for medium: 5%@
7c for Inferior to ordinary: 10%@12c for good
to crime washed peaberry; 9@0%c for irood to
prime unwashed peaberry; 888%. c for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20<f32e: extra
heavy. 30@40c per lb; medium. 27329c: light.
24@26c; Rough Leather, 2&jJ2Sc: Harness
Leather, heavy. 33®30c for No. 1 and 3003'^c
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c: light. 23®35c:
Skirting No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 3C@38c; Collar
Leather, 15® 16c per foot: Trace Leather, 40fj)
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40@50c per lb: Veal fin
ished. lftg'Uc per foot; Belt Knife Splits. 14^2
16c: Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK — Ground, $25®2S per ton; stick,
$16@18 per cord. ¦ .
OIL — Lucol is lower. California Castor Oil,
In caaes. No. 1, 70c; pure, $1 20: Linseed Oil.
in barrels, boiled, 75c; raw, 73c: cases. 5c mor«:
Lucol. 65c for boiled and 63c for raw, in bar
rels: Lard Oil. extra winter strained", barrels,
$1; cases. $1 05: China Nut, 57%@68c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 70c: cases. 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale Oil. natural white'
40(g50c per gallon: Fish Oil. barrels. 42%e
cases, 47%c: Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 6S%c for
Ceylon and 58% c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil; In bulk.
l.T%@14c: Pearl Oil, in case*. 20c; Astral 20c:
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene
22c; dedorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c'
In cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14%c; In
cases. 21c: 8(S-degree> Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In
coses. 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 69c per gallon In cases and
63c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. W
7%c per lb; White Lead. 6%S7%c, according
to quantity.
SALT— Liverpool, $30@32 50 for the best atu1
$2S@29 for factory filled. Domestic — Imitation
Liverpool, $26 25®27; H. R. H., $26 25®"7-
California Dairy. 50-lb. bags, $20: Rock Salt.
$18 50(810 60. according to quantity; Granu
lated. $26 25JJ27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 60@47 per flask for lo
cal use and $44 for export.
• SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining- Com
pany quotes as follows, ; per pound. In 100-lb
baes: Cubes. A. Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c: Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated HOO-lb bags only), ncsno:
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.8.V-
Kxtra C, 3.75c: Gold* C. 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels. 10c more: fclf-barrela. 25c 1 more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos^ — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less, than 73
barrels or its equivalent.
• LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows
rin>. ordinary sizes. $15^19 BO? extra titz**
higher: Redwood. $17320; Lath. 4 tee\. $3 900
4:. Pickets. $1«: Shingles. S2 for No. 1 and
$1 75 for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for split and Sit
fpr sawn; Rustic. $25<3>31. v ana * 11
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JUNE 3.
Flour, qr sks... 8.»9«! Onions, sks «oi
Wheat, ctls 1.340i Tallow ctls .. ' ?oi
Barley, ctls 3.000[ Pelts, bdls """ 71 1
Oats, ctls 270]Hldea No "" sen
Rye. ctls 200 ; Quicksilver, fislc 5
Beans, sks , a [Leather, rolls .. S7
potatoes, sks ... l.S.TVWine jrals 49700
Wool, bales .... 206; Lime." bbla ot
Hay. tons 210;Paper oar ."." " \
ln s K k.- sk8 :: i2S»>!!*! : «??.^i» 2 - K0
AUSTRALIA.
Hops, bales 21
¦ r
Contra Costa Water Company has declared
Dividend 201 of. 42 cents a share.
EAGS-T Rather more steadiness in Calcutta*
Is recorttd, accompanied by a slight Improve
ment in quotations, Grain Bass, June and
July. 5-/sC6c; San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Ba^s,
32&35c; Fleece Twine. 7%®8c.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 2-lb stand
ard. S5c: sifted, 95c; extra sifted, $1 10; petits
pois, $1 25. Gallons — Standards, $3 75; extra
sifted, $t 25. Asparagus, per case. 2 dozen
cans to the case — Mammoth White, $2 50®
3 75;.La»sre "White, $2®3 75; Medium White.
$1 75-B2 05: Small White, $1 BO: Mammoth
Green, $^/BT>@3 65; Large Green, $2@2 90; Me
dium Green, $1 75«2 50; Small Green. $1 50.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
General Merchandise.
PORTLAND, Or., June 3.— Clearings," $870,
025; balances, $140,812.
SPOKANE, June 3.— Clearings, $315,424; bal
ances, $15,188.
SEATTLE, June 3.— Clearings, $676,911; bal
ances, $144,794.
TACOMA, June 3.— Clearings, $283,056; bal
ances, ?S4,241. . .
Northern Business.
THE COAST RECORD.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 3—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
TACOMA. June 3. — WHEAT — One cent low
er. Blue stem, 65%c;" club, 64%c. •
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, June 3.— WHEAT — Walla Wal
la, 66c; blue stem, 67c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
The following retail quotations for meats are
furniehed by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF— Prime roast. 15@>18c; Porterhouse
Fte^k 17%(?22%c; Ttnderloin 'steak, 15@18c;
Sirloin Ft'eak, 12%@15c; Top Round /teak.
}2%c; Beef etew, 10c; Corned Beet, 8310c;
K>-Jp bones, 4c; fcoup meat, S@N>c.
VEAL— Loin roast, 15020c: Shoulder roast,
j2U&ir>c; Chops or Cutlets, 15<3'20c.
MUTTON— Leg. 12%c; Fore-quarter, 8@10c;
Stew, So 10c; Prime chops, 15@16c; Shoulder
C SPIilNG^LA'MB— Chops. 15£20c; Leg, 159
3Se; Fore-quarter, 12V.iC. ¦
PORJC— Loin roast, 15S18c; Leg roast. 12%c,
Shoulder roaet. ll@12%c; Chops, 16®lSc.
These prices do not cover the cheapest
ernr.ee. as it is impossible to quote regular
prices 0:1 them.
Retail Meat Prices.
Eureka summary — Weather generally favor
able for farmers. Crcps are in good condition
and making satisfactory growth". A very heavy
yield of fruit Is expected. Early strawberries
were somewhat damaged by Saturday's rain.
ing growth of crops in southern sections.
Orchardists are busy thinning peaches and ap
ricots. Vineyards show excellent growth.
LONDON. June 3.— Consols." 96%@96% ; sil
ver, 24d; French rentes, lOlf 75c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 standard
California. 3CsCd; Walla Walla, 30s; English
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. June 3. — Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California. 6s 1 - 4d@6s 4%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, dull; weather in England, un
settled.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 1-16.
Foreign Markets.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $2@4, He
cording to size and quality: Seedlings. 75c@$2;
Mediterranean Sweets, 75c@$2; St. Michaels,
$1 00®3; Valencias. $2 50(33 50: Lemons, 75c@
$1 for common and $1 25@l 75 for good to
choice and $2@2 75 for fanoy: Grape Fruit.
75c@$2; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas. $2
<H7> per bunch for New Orleans and $1 50@2 25
for Hawaiian: Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
CHERRIES— White. 30@40c per box; in bulk.
2%<a5c: Black. 40® 73c per box and 4@7o In
bulk; Royal Anne. 65@90c pel box.
FIGS — Black, from Yuma, $2 50@3 per box.
GOOSEBERRIES — 20@25c per drawer and I«8
2c in bulk; English. per d.rawer and 3@4c
in bulk. - - - - „ j -.„•
CURRANTS — 4C@6Oc per drawer.
CHERRY PLUMS — lOffflSOc per drawer.
APRICOTS— $1 25@1 50 per box and crate;
from Yuma. per crate.
APPLES — $2 50@3 per box for old and 40@65c
for green.
STRAWBERRIES — ?5@8 per chest for Long
worths and $3@6 for Malindas; crates from
Florin. 75c<g$l.
RASPBERRIES — $S@10 per chest; crates
from Loomis, 75c<g$l.
LOGAN BERRIES— $9@10 per chest; crates
from Wallace. $1 25.
BLACKBERRIES — In crates from Loomis,
$150. * ¦ ¦ . ¦
Fancy Oranges are scarce and sell readily
when obtainable. Poorer grades are In liberal
supply and move slowly. The" same may be
said of Lemons. Two cars of Oranges will be
auctioned to-day.
A small drawpr.of Peaches came in from Va
caville 1 and was offered at 75c, but was not
sold. The first Madeline Pears of the season,
grown by G. W. Condor of Courtland, were re
ceived by the Growers' Co-operative Agency.
Four boxes came in and sold for 75c per box.
Apricots a"re coming In more freely from
the interior. None came In from Yuma. but
Figs were received from the same place and
sold at a decline. Supplies of old Apples are
almost exhausted. Green were offering freely,
but sold slowly. •
Cherries were mostly In good order and
choice offerings brought the top quotations
readily. The canners were offering 2%@3c for
common white and 4c for Royal Anne In bulk.
Choice lots of Strawberries sold promptly at
full figures, but such offerings wer« light.
Most of the Longworths were soft and muddy,
showing the effects of the recent rain, while
the Malindas were overripe. Several chests of
the latter were sold to peddlers at $2. There
was very little Inquiry for Gooseberries and the
receipts were large. Other Berries were In
good condition and sold well at the quotations.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER— Creamery. 21@21%c per pound for
fancy, 20@20%c for firsts and 19%@20c for sec
onds; dairy, 16@21c; store Butter, 14®16c per
pound.
CHEESE— New. 8%@9%c: eld. 9@llc; Young
America. 8@10c; Eastern 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 19@20c for lancy and 16@18c
for fair to good; store, 15@l6%c per dozen.
Supplies of Butter. Cheese and Eggs con
tinue .liberal and all three descriptions are
more or less heavy in consequence. Most of
the Butter continues ' to go into store or into
packed form, as the market is unable to absorb
all the receipts. Prices remain as before. The
shelves are still well filled with Cheese, which
is • selling slowly at the old quotations. Fine
ranch Eggs are firm enough, and the cheaper
Eggs are also selling off fairly, but the great
bulk of the spot supply, which consists of
medium grades, is slow of sale. There are
plenty of Eggs here.
Receipts were 50,400 pounds and 274 cubes.
of Butter. 1391 cases of Esps. cases of
Eastern Eggs, 6450 pounds of California Cheese
and — — pounds of Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The follcw-inc quotations are for good sound •
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLi:— Steers, 8%@'Jc; Cows and Heifers,
7@7V'C; tMr. Cows. 4&5c per lb.
CALVES— 5®5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEKP — Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 2Q3&C
per lb (gross wtisht).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 5002 75 per
head or4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings.
•!&4%c ptr ib. j. ,
HOGS- -Live Hozs, 200 lbs and under. 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6tS6V«e:
oows 20 per cent off, boara 50 per cent o:f
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. -
Wholesale iate.« from slaushterers to deal
era are as follows:
BEEF— 6 1 /i@7%c for Steers and 5%@6%c par
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Larpe, 7®Sc; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7%®S%£^ Ewes. 7 1 ,»'38c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lpmbs. 9@10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DKE.SSED MEATS.
Supplies of all descriptions under this head
are sufficient and the" feeling Is easy all
around. "Whenever a change occurs It is gen
erally in the direction of lower pricea. The
demand Is not brisk, as many people have lett
town, and the market is beginning to assume
Its u«ual summer"ppearance. ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
' BOSTON, June 3. — The week has been a sat
isfactory one in the Boston wool market in
point of sales and quite a fair volume of busi
ness has been closed. The market Is steady
and prices firm. Territory wools are very firm.
Idaho wools are being rapidly cleaned up, and
at prices above this market. Quotations are
firm. • . ¦ '¦
Strictly fine, 48@50c; clean fine and fine medi
um, 44@46c; staple, 52c; medium, 38@40c.
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, June 3. — Trade in evaporated
apples was quiet and the - market without
change. Owing to limited offerings, quotations
were firm at . top' figures.. State common to
Rood, .7@9%c; prime, 9%@10c; choice, 10Vl@
10%c; fancy, lie.
Prunes are steady on spot and for large sizes
a trifle firmer, with fair trade reported for
export. Apricots are firm and in good jobbing
request. -Peaches are steady and have mod
erate jobbing outlet.
PRUNES— 3%<aOUc
APRICOTS— Boxes, 10%@14c; bags, 10%@
12c. " _
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@lCc; unpeeled, S}4@
10%c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, June 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28,800,. barrels; exports, 29,985 barrels. Weak
and 5@15c lower. .Winter patents, $4@4 10;
winter straights, $3 75@3 90; Minnesota pat
ents. $3 95@4 10; winter bakers', $3 15@3 30.
WHEAT — Receipts, 00,000 bushels; exports,
72,900 bushels. Spot, easy. No. 2 red, 79%c
elevator and 7S@78%c f. 'o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern -Duluth, SO%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard, 84%c f. o. b. afloat Options' opened easy
on account of bearish crop news and lower
cables, recovered in response to a Gcare of
shorts and a large decrease in world's stocks,
and broke again under talk of an early har
vest and renewed liquidation, closing weak,
%c net decline. July, 77%@78%c, closed 77%c;
September, 75%@7O 1 ,4c, closed 75V4c; Decem
ber. 70 9- 10077 %c, closed 70%c.
HOPS— Quiet. ¦
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet. No. 7 invoice,
5 7-10c: mild, steady: Cordova. 8@ll%c. Fu
tures closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Total sales. 15.500 bags. Including:
June, 4.95c; July, 5@-S.05c; August. 5.10c; Sep
tember, 5.20c; December, 5.40@3.45c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady to firm. Fair refin
ing. 2%c; centrifugal, 90 test, S 7-16c; molasses
sugar, 2%c. Refined, firm.
NEW YORK, June . 3.— The cotton market
opened weak and 5@15 points lower and closed
quiet and steady with prices net' S@26 points
lower. . :
Neiv York Cotton Market.
Receipts of local Poultry were light and the
demand was brisk, especially for large stock.
All kinds . cleaned up well. There was no
Eastern received. Hare and Rabbits were un
changed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c.for Hens; Geese. p«r pair,
$1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $3 50®
4 for old and $4 50©6 for young; Hens, $4®
5 50; young Roosters, $6 50@S; old Roosters,
$4 50@4 75; Fryers. $4@5; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $1 75@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, 75c@$l ; Rabbits, $1 50 ' for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
New York Grain and Produce.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large »nd
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%<36c per lb:
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3 J / jc.
WOOL — Spring, HumboMt and Mendodno.
15@17c; Northern free, 14@16c; do defective,
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do, de
fective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, 9<®10c;
do, 7 months. 9!3>llc: Foothill. ll@13c; Neva
da, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@18c; do,
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
HOPS — 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of. the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $195,324,108; gold, $95,29i>,~
974. _ v ,' ,' ' . t
Condition of the Treasury.
Local stocks and bonds still dull.
Wheat and Wheat freights quiet.
Barley zveaker again, with few buyers. ¦,
Oats quieter, but "firmly held.
Corn and Rye quiet and easy.
Hay Tvcak. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds inactive at about previous prices.
Plenty of Butter, Cheese and Eggs on the market.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins nominal.
Provisions dull and featureless in all positions.
Wool well cleaned up. Hops firmly held by growers.
Meat market well supplied and easy.
Grain bags show rather more firmness.
Lumber market reported active and firm.
Lucol lower. Other Oils unchanged.
Hides and Tallow steady at prrdous prices.
New Potatoes firm and old weak.
Onions and Vegetables in ample supply and easy.
Poultry in light receipt 'and good demand.
Fruit market continues in good condition for sellers.
New York Money Market}
NEW YORK,* June 3. — Money on call easy
at 3@4 per cent, closed offered at 2% per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent; ster
ling 'exchange, firm, with- actual . business in
bankers' bills at $i 87V4 for demand and at
$4 84%@4 84% for sixty days; posted ¦ rates
$4 85%@4 88: commercial bills. $4,84@4 S5; bar
Hilver, 52c: Mexican dollars, 42c. - . ,
Government t>onds. steady; State bonds,-in
active; railroad bonds, ir;-esTiiar. , •
Consols for money 9«% N Y Central 160%
Do account 00% Nor & West. . 59
Anaconda C% Do pfd 5r> !
Atchison 83% Ont &. West .. 33%
Do pfd 101% Pennsylvania 71 n.
Bait •& Ohio 108% Reading K 32^
Canadian Pac ...142% Do 1st pfd 42%
Ches & Ohio 47% Do 2d pfd 35
Chi Gt West 30 So Railway ..... 37%
Chi M & St P...174 ! Do pfd 97^
D&RG 43U So Pacific ....... 60%
Do pfd 93% Union Pacific ...107%
Erie 38 Do pfd 90%
Do 1st pfd..... 19% US Steel 41 ¦
Do 2d pfd 54% Do 'pfd .' 92
111 Central 157 Wabash '. 27%
Ix>uis & Nash 141% Do pfd .........45%
M K & T 20% Spanish 4s 79%
Do pfd 60 .- .
Bar silver, 24d per ounce.
Money. 2%@2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2%@2% per cent; for three
months' bills is 2% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
was dull and irregular. rTotal sales. $3,405,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. .
Stock — " Sales.- Hi"h. Low. Close.
Atchison 4,700 .81 % 80% 80%
Atcliison pfd 400 Si8% i)&% 'J# ! h'
Baltimore & Ohio.. 400 100 105% 105%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 95% 95 % i>3
Canadian Pacific... 6,400 139Vi loSVi 138%
Canada Southern. ..'..... 91%
Chesapeake & Ohio .... 4ti%
Chicago & Alton..' " 37>4
Chgo & Alton pfd.. 300 70% 70 & 70 1 /*
Chgo, Ind & Louis ..... 75
Chgo, Ind & L pfd. 200 S5</i 85 "4 86
Chgo & East 111... 161
Chgo & G Western. 700 i" 29% 29 29
Chgo & G W A pfd 100- 89 8i> «»•?*
Chgo & G W B pfd 600 4S?i 48% 48*,
Chgo /fe N western. 100 248 248 247
Chgo, R I & Pac. 2,300 173 173 172
Chgo Term & Trn. 100 21 21 * 21
Chgo T & T pfd... 600 3S 38 38
C, C, C & St Louis 1W%
Colorado Southern 30%
Colo So 1st pfd ' 70%
Colo So 2d pfd 42
Del & Hudson 17414
Del, Lack & W -65
Denver & Rio Gr.. •••• 42
Den & Rio Gr pfd.' 100 90% 90'4 ' 90 5i
Erie 2.100 37>i 37% 37
Erie 1st pfd <"¦&
Erie 2d pfd 51^
Great Northern pfd 100 1S4 184 ; 184
Hocking Valley 800 8<H4 » 5 W. s5 !4
Hocking V.il pfd.. 400 - 92Vi U2% 9aI /j
Illinois Central 152*4
Iowa Central 100 46^4 40k. 40
Iowa Central ofd "¦ & 3 '>±
Lake Erie & West *»
L E & West pfd 125
Loulsvl ii.Nashvl.. 200 138 138 137
Manhattan Elev... 5,100 132% 132 132
Metropolitan St Ry . 3,700 150?i 147% 150
Mexican Central... 1,300 26% 20% -Jo-Js
Mexican National.. • 400 18% 18% IS)',*
Minn & St Louis * •••• HjJ^i I
Missouri Pacific... 1,100 100 !»P% !W» j
Mo. Kans & Texas. 1,700 26 20 20',* |
Mo. Kans &. T pfd. 300 50 \i 50 00
New Jersey Cent .... 184'
New York Cent.../ 500 15(5 15(5 loO
Norfolk & Western 200 57% 57V* £<">»
Nor & West Dfd „!-,
Ontario & Western . '•••• •>'-•}*
Pennsylvania 2,700 149% 149',i 14'>V*
Reading 14,900 > C3 % «« ®] ft
Reading 1st pfd... 200 88 y* 8.J 8o
Reading 2d pfd 4,700 CS% <>S <' s !4
St Louis & S F.... 2.400 G9»i «*"A K> t ,\
St L & S F 1st pfd 3«.)0 84% 84 % S4V4
St L & S F 2d pfd 400 -72% 72fc i2Ji
St Louis Swestern. 300 27 27 2S'i
St L Swestern pfd. 300 58% f>S 58 '/ 2
St Paul 1.100 170-.4 H5'J'>s 1«9%
St Paul pfd... 16S
Southern Pacific... 1.000 64?4 04% C4; s
Southern Railway. 1,200 3«% 30% "«»%
Southern Ry pfd... 200 94% 94?i 94%
Texas & Pacific ¦• 41
Tol, St L & West.. 100 2\ 21 21
Tol. St L &"W pfd •¦• 37%
Union Pacific. S.500 105% 104% 104%
Union Pacific pfd.. 400 88% 88 S7%
Wabash 3.300 27Vt 2G?4 20%
Wabash pfd 3,400 44% 44 44
Wheel & L E:. 22
Wheel & L E 2d pf 35
Wisconsin Central. flOO 28 27% # 27Vi
Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 4<J*i 49% 40 '/j
Express companies-
Adams ' 200
American '-~->
United States 300 115 115 115
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamat Copper 2,000 C0% C9 69
Am Car & Foundry 300 31% 31% 31'4
Am Car & Foun pf 90%
Am Linseed Oil... 100 26M. 26U 25 V 2
Am Linseed Oil pfd 50^
Am Smelt & Refln. 2,500 49V4 4S^4 48Vj
Am Smelt & R pfd 000 9S% 08% JiS^s
Anaconda Min Co 116Vi
Brooklyn Rap Tran 5,800 OS->h C7 (>8
Colo Fuel. & Iron.. 3,200 99% 99U 00\' 3
Consolidated Gas... 600 221 Vi 221% 221
Continental Tob pf 13,300 120Vi . 124 325
General Electric 321 1 /.
Hocking Coal 500 17'i 17',4 17»i
Internatnl Paper 2O'/S
Internatnl Pap pfd 200 74% 74 74
Internatnl Power 50
Laclede Gas 85
National Biscuit.... 700 48% 48 48%
National Lead 100 23 23 22%
North American 121%
Pacific Coast 06
Pacific Mall 40
People's Gas 800 101% 101% ' 101%
Pressed Steel Car. 400 4S% 45% 48
Pressed St Car pfd. 400 86% SO SC 3 ,i
Pullman Pal Car. . . . ; 230 ¦
Republic Steel 100 17% 17% 17>/4
Republic Steel pfd. .... 74-
Sugar 20,600 128% 126% 128
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 500 04% G4ii CA%
; Union Bag & Paper ..... 15
Union Ba* & P pfd SI '
U S Leather 400 13 13 13
U S Leather pfd.. 500 S4-"4 .84% 84V.
II S Rubber . % .. J5
U S Rubber pfd 56%
U S Steel 4,850 40% 40 40 "
U S Steel pfd 2,500 S9% 89% 89%
Western Union 600 ; 00% DO'i 90%
Am Locomotive ' 300 33% .13% ' .'[.-{i^
Am Locomotive pf . ion 93% 93% 93
K C Southern 300 33% :«% :«%
K C Southern pfd.. 200 Cl% 61% 01 '
Total sales IS 1,100
CLOSING ' BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg. . .lOSVifL & n un i 4 S \0M.
l>o coup 108% iMex Central 4s... 83
U S 3s reg 107% j Do 1st inc 32
Do coup lO'lijMinn & St L 4s.. 105
U S. new 4s reg... 130 | M K & T Is 99"/i
Do coup 13<i Do'2nds $.*5
U S old 4s reg... 109% N Y Cent lsts KM*.
Do coup 110% Do gen 3'/. s 107''
US 5s reg 105% N J Cent een 5s.l3.S%
Do coup 105Vi Nor Pacific 4s... 1(15%
Atch gen 4s 103% Do 3s r.i?y.
Do adj 4s 94 Nor & W con 4s. 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% Read gen Is 100
Do 3% s. ..I... 'JO'.i | S L & I M con 5s 117
Do conv 4s 107% | S L & S F 4s 08
Canada So 2nds..lO9%jS L SW lsts 05%
Cent of Ga 5s... 108%! Do 2nds . . . .' SO
1 Do Jst inc 84 S A & A P 4s. . . 90%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8 So Pacific 4s 9:p'i
Chi & Alton 3%s 85>4 So Railway 5s... 123%
Chi B & Q new 4s 96 Tex & Pac lsts... 119%
C 11 & St P c 4s.ll5</i T St L & W 4s 82u1
Chi & NW con 7s.l3S Union Pacific 4s. 10GVC
Chi R I & P 4s... 112 Do conv 4s.... 107^2
C C C & S L g 4s.lO2 Wabash lsts . . . .119%
Chi Term 4s 90 Do 2nds ...... 111U
Colo & So 4s 95 Do deb B 751Z
D & R G 4s 104% West Shore 4s'.'. '.114%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 W & Li E 4s 95
Do een 4s 88% Wis Central 4s..'. 94
F W & D C lsts. 113% Cons Tob '07%
Hock -Val 4%s...llO%l 74
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .... 12
Alice 45 Ontario S 00
Breece 50 Ophir .115
Bruns wick Con.. 09 Phoenix 00
Com stock Tun .. 05% Potosi 30 :
Con Cal & Va...l 35* Savage 14
Dead wood Terra. 1 00 Sierra Nevada J7
Horn Silver 130 Small Hopes ... 40
Iron Silver 75 Standard 3 "5
Leadville Con .-: 05 ,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — >U S Steel 39%
Call loans ...3%SM% Do pfd sga?
Time loans ...4 @5 . Westing com 107'
Bonds — . Mining —
Atchison 4s 102^4 Adventure ...... •>.¦}%
Gas lsts 94 Allouez 3
Mex Central 4s... '81 Amalgamated ... 69
N E Gas & Coke. 55 jBingham .... 31;
Railroads — | Calumet & Hecla.570
Atchison 80% ! Centennial . . 10 %
Do pfd '. . . 98% Copper Range Con 5S%
Boston & Albany.262 Dom Coal , 140 '
Boston & Maine.200 Franklin 11
Boston Elevated.. 165 V4 Isle Royale ...... 12
N Y, N H & H . . .231 Mohawk 42
Fitehburg pfd 145 Old Dominion ... 20U
Union Pacific 14%[Osceola 02"
•Mex Central 26% Parrot .......... 30%
Miscellaneous — Qulncy •. .i3r>'
Amer Sugar 128 '4 1 Santa Fe Copper. 2
Do pfd 11 8% 1 Tamarack 180
Amer T & T 175% I Trinity 13
Doml&S... 55 United States ... 20-T.
Gen Electric 319 Utah 21%
Mass Electric . . . 44% Victoria '.:... 4V.
Do pfd 98 Winona .. ... iu.
United Fruit ...10!)% Wolverine B5
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
NEW YORK, June 3.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia cherries sold at auction to-day: B. Tar
tarians, $1 55@1 80, average $1 70. Weather
dry and favorable.
CHICAGO, June 3.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California cherries to-day and real- j
ized the following prices:. B. Tartarlaris, 35c@ '
$180. average 90c. One car sold to-day.*
Weather wet and unfavorable.
California Fruit Sales.
The New York iron market was steady but
quiet. Pig -iron warrants were nominal. No. 1
foundry Northern was quoted at $19 50@20 50:
No: 2 foundry Northern, $19 50@20 50; No. 1
foundry Southern, $18 50@19 50; No. 1 foundry
Southern soft, $18 50@19 50. . . • • \
The foreign iron markets were lower.
Glasgow closed at 54s 4d and Middlesboro
closed at 49s 3d. •
Spelter at London was unchanged to £18 5s,
while at' New York the market showed steadi
ness at the former price of $4 75.-
Lead at London was Is 3d lower at £11 2s 6d
and at New York the market ruled steady and
unchanged at 4%c. , ..
lake at $12 40 and sales . of 100,000 pounds of
electrolytic for June delivery at $12 20. At the
close standard, spot to August, was quoted at
$11 65@11 87%; lake,' $12 25@12 52*4; electro
lytic. $12@12 25, and casting at $12@12 25, . The
London copper market was 10s lower, with spot
and August at £54 2s 6d. •
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$2@2 25 per box, $1 50@l 75 for No, 1 and 75c
@$1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 50@75c per box;
extra fancy. 00c@?l; Green Peas, 75c@$l per
sack: Garden Peas, $1@1 25 per sack; String
Beans. l%@2c per lb and l^@2c for Wax;
Cabbage, 90c@$l per ctl; Los Angeles, Toma
toes, $2 75 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $2®"
2 50 per box; Dried Peppers. 10@llc per lb;
Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, $1 per
sack; Cucumbers • from Marysville, $1@1 25 per
box; from Arizona, 51 per box; Hothouse do,
25@75c per dozen; Garlic. 2@3V.c for new; Los,
Angeles Green Peppers, 12%<S15c: Mexican do,
15@20c; Egg- Plant, from Los Angeles, 7@10c;
Summer Squash, $1@1 25 for small boxes and
$2 25(32 50 for large; Marrowfat Squash.
$15<g20 per ton; Hubbard Squash. $15@20»
ONIONS — Australian, $3 25@3 50, .second
hajds; new red, 35@5Oc per sack; Silverskins,
4("Wc per box.
. POTATOES-rNew Potatoes, $1 25@1 63 in
sacks and $1@1 75 in boxes, with some .fancy
higher; old, 90c@$l 23 for Burbanks from the
river; from Oregon and Washington. $1@1 23;
River Reds, $1&1 25; Oregon Burbanks, for
seed. 90c@$l 10.
cent per lb for the former. ' Fresh offerings ot
Peas sell well readily at the quotations, but
old stock, which is plentiful. Is almost unsal
able. There are very few Tomatoes on the
market at present, but it Is said that there is
a car due from Mississippi. There was not
much inquiry for Asparagus, and prices were
25c lower all around. Other vegetables stood
about the same. Green Corn from Winters and
Vacaville sold for 50@75e per dozen.
NEW- YORK, June 3. The Commercial"Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram 6ays :
Stock market activity was much reduced to
day, partly because of Epsom week. Prices
reacted under a steady stream of realizations
all round; following peace, but the feeling is
not one of despondency. It is thought that the
free profit-taking will leave the markets
healthy and that the public will gradually edge
in, particularly after the coronation ceremo
nies. . i
Consols closed ' at 96 13-16, after selling at
96 9-16. - ,
American stocks • were almost forgotten by
most dealers and there was hardly one trans
action.- Prices sagged all day, closing at the
bottom, the coal strike exercising a paralyzing
effect. ' •
Copper was % down to £54% the ton. Rio
Tintos were % down to £45%.
London Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,. JUNE 4, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Eleven.
Stocks continued Inactive and featureless
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of String and Wax Baans were over
500 sacks and. both kinds continued to weaken.
The. canners ; . were : in ; the ¦ market ¦ and paid I
Receipts of new Potatoes in boxes were light
and choice Burbanks moved off well at better
prices.' .A few small lots, of gilt-edge stock
were ' sold . at 2c' per-- lb. Early Rose were
neglected and few sold over lcperlb. Sacked
slock from, across the- bay sold slowly at ' the
quotations. There . was no change in old Po
tatoes. '
Onions remain as previously quoted.. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables
BEANS — Bayos, $2 S5@3 10: small - White
$2 35®2 4. r »: large white, $2 20^2 35; Pea, 53 25
@3 !>0; Pink. $2®2 20; Red. ?2 50; Blackeyc.
$4 00<J?/5; Llmas, $3 C0®3 70; Red Kidneys,
$o 50@:i,75 per ctl. .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry. S^c for Eastern; Alfalfa from -Utah. 10%«2
ll^ic; California. 10@10Vjc; Rape, l%@2V lC ;
Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PKAS— Nile?. ?1 75@2; Green. $1 40<f?
1 65; Blackeye, $1 75@2. .
8
STATIONS. Ja^Ift^sS ?*'¦ £
¦ ~ ~ '. '• • 2
Eureka 56 50 20 NW Clear • .00
Fresno 8« 52 18 NW Clear .00
Hollister 77 43 .. W Clear .00
Indei)endence ... 82 52 6 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles ... 80 52 6 W Clear .00
Kapa #77 45 .. SW Clear .00
Xcraan 83 46 „. N Clear .00
Palermo 82 48 .. S Clear .00
Red Bluff 80' 56 i SW Clear .00
Riverside 87 43 Clear .00
Sacramento 70 50 6 S Clear .00
San Diego CS 54 fl SW Clear .00
San Francisco... 63 50 19 W Clear .00
San Jose ....:.. 71 42 ... Clear .00
San I^uis Oblspo SO 50 8 NW Clear .00
Santa Maria ... S3 52' Clear .00
Santa Rosa 75 69 Clear .00
a
STATIONS. ~
Astoria SO. 18
Baker SO. 02
Carson 29.00
Eureka 30.20
Fresno 29. SS
Flagstaff 29.78
Pocatello. Ida.29.7S
Independence 29.78
Los Angeles... 29. 84
Phoenix 29.08
Portland 30.14
Red Bluff 29.96
Roseburg 30.14
Sacramento ..29.96
Salt Lake 29.7S
San Ftancisco.S0.06
S. L. Obispo..23.f>G
San Diego 2fl.8G
Seattle 30.14
Spokane 30.08
Neah Bay 30.10
Ventura'
Walla Walla.. 30. 04
Winnemucca .29.84
Yuma 29.64
2 3 O
3§" 33 d2
s| 53 : §
£. 5. ; °
? e . • ,r*
(8 n
58 46 ¦ SW
58 42 NW
70 '36 S
56 50 NW
86 44 NW
76 26 S
76 48 S
82 46 SE
80 52 W
08 50 NW
CS 46 N
SO . r .6 SW
64 44 NW
70 50 S
80 4S N
C2 50 W
SO 50 NW
GS 54 SW
m 42 SE
60 40 S
52 44 SE
. . . . W
«6 46 SW
74 3S W
9S 56 W
02 »S
So H
o
'. 3
Cloudy M8
Clear .04
Clear .00
Clear .«0
Clear . 00
Clear .00
Clear ' .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .04
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .76
Pt Cldy ¦T.
Cloudy .34
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
STATIONS. Ja^Ift^sS ?*'¦ £
¦ ~ ~ '. '• • 2
Eureka 56 50 20 NW Clear • .00
Fresno 8« 52 18 NW Clear .00
Hollister 77 43 .. W Clear .00
Indei)endence ... 82 52 6 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles ... 80 52 6 W Clear .00
Kapa #77 45 .. SW Clear .00
Xcraan 83 46 „. N Clear .00
Palermo 82 48 .. S Clear .00
Red Bluff 80' 56 i SW Clear .00
Riverside 87 43 Clear .00
Sacramento 70 50 6 S Clear .00
San Diego CS 54 fl SW Clear .00
San Francisco... 63 50 19 W Clear .00
San Jose ....:.. 71 42 ... Clear .00
San I^uis Oblspo SO 50 8 NW Clear .00
Santa Maria ... S3 52' Clear .00
Santa Rosa 75 69 Clear .00
a
STATIONS. ~
Astoria SO. 18
Baker SO. 02
Carson 29.00
Eureka 30.20
Fresno 29. SS
Flagstaff 29.78
Pocatello. Ida.29.7S
Independence 29.78
Los Angeles... 29. 84
Phoenix 29.08
Portland 30.14
Red Bluff 29.96
Roseburg 30.14
Sacramento ..29.96
Salt Lake 29.7S
San Ftancisco.S0.06
S. L. Obispo..23.f>G
San Diego 2fl.8G
Seattle 30.14
Spokane 30.08
Neah Bay 30.10
Ventura'
Walla Walla.. 30. 04
Winnemucca .29.84
Yuma 29.64
2 3 O
3§" 33 d2
s| 53 : §
£. 5. ; °
? e . • ,r*
(8 n
58 46 ¦ SW
58 42 NW
70 '36 S
56 50 NW
86 44 NW
76 26 S
76 48 S
82 46 SE
80 52 W
08 50 NW
CS 46 N
SO . r .6 SW
64 44 NW
70 50 S
80 4S N
C2 50 W
SO 50 NW
GS 54 SW
m 42 SE
60 40 S
52 44 SE
. . . . W
«6 46 SW
74 3S W
9S 56 W
02 »S
So H
o
'. 3
Cloudy M8
Clear .04
Clear .00
Clear .«0
Clear . 00
Clear .00
Clear ' .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .04
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .76
Pt Cldy ¦T.
Cloudy .34
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
GROVE-ST. STABLES, 122-138 GROVE 8T.
THURSDAY. JUNE 5. at 11 a. m.
BARGAINS OF ALL KINDS.
20 head of working and driving horses; also
a big lot of new and second-hand buggies ane
wagons of all kinds, 2 hacks. 2 coupes and a
very fast pacing mare, harness and buggy, wun
a record of 2:21%,; one black trotting horse,
harness and buggy, mark 2:17; one bay pacing
horse, pace along In 2:30.
SAM W ATKINS. Auctioneer-.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND. GENTLE HORSE3:
also good second-hand rigs; 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST. \^\ - ¦¦¦" -.-".*"' .'P* •.-¦•.'•'"POPULAR . SOCIETY GIRL,
WHOSE ENGAGEMENT HAS
BEEN ANNOUNCED.
¦Same owner with Joseph Flood (contractor),
architect same — Sewering, nlnmblng and gas
fitting for same on same; $1020.
Bernard Faymonvtlle (owner> with A. Jack
son (contractor), architect J. E. Krafft — Exca
vations, grading, carpenter and brick work,
concrete, artificial stone pavement, steps, m'll
work, stairs, lathing and 'plastering, tinning
and I galvanized Iron j work, glass, hardware,
iron gat*s. window guards, etc.. for a.three
story and baspment residence on NW corner
of Pacific and Central avenues. W Bfl:3. N 25:3.
to S line of Government Reserve. E to W line
of Central avenue. P SO. to banning: $8374.
"M. Salomon (owner) with J. T. Lorenzen
(contractor), architects John ft Zimmerman —
AH alterations and .additions to mak*> a two
ftory fr*m« building (flats) at 1507 Broderick
street: $33M>. . -,
Emily M. Wollweber (owner), with J. Won
dering (contractor), Herman Barth architect —
All work except painting, gas fixtures and
shades for a 2-story frame building with attic
on the NE corner of Frederick and Tremont
avenues. E 26:3 by N 116:6; total, $0865.
J G W. Schulte and Anna Osmers (owners),
with G. Nelson & Co. (contractors), architect
William H. Armltage — New fronts for two sa
loons and cigar stand in building on NW cor
ner of Folsom and East streets, NW 45:10 by
9:3; total, $1190.
Henry E. Bothln (owner)., with Newsom &
McNeil (contractors), Frank S. Van Treea ar
chitect — AH work except grading, excavating,
concrete, marble and mosaic work, tin and zinc
work, mantels, shades, gas fixtures, tiling,
range stove and heater for a 3-story frame
building on N line of Green street, 185 E of
Van* Ness avenue, N 205:9, E 84, S 80:9, W
30, S 125 W 54 to beginning; total, $12,500.
Ed R. and B. B. Galland (owners), with
James H O'Brien (contractor), William H.
Armltage architect— Grading, concrete walls,
smoke stack for engine-room, concrete, floors,
gutters and cess pools for a 2-story frame
building to be used as a laundry on NE line
of Eighth street, 155 SE of Folsom, SE 30 by
NE 120: total, $1895.
Mrs. E Sulsberg (owner), with Barrett &
Scarf (contractors), architect W. G. Hind — All
work except plumbing and tin work, mantels,
gas fixtures and shades for a 2-story and base
ment frame residence on lot on N line of
Haight street. 118:9 W of Central avenue, W
25 by N 137:6; total, $3642.
Same (owner), with M. Leu (contractor), ar
chitect same — Plumbing, tin work, etc., for
same on same; total, $418.
Same owner with James E. Brltt (contract
or), architect same — Plumbing and gasflttlng
for same on same: total, $2427.
Same owner with Century Electric Company
(contractors), architect same — Electric work
for same on same; total. $1080.
. Henry and Emma S. Wcgener (owners) with
L. T. Fenn (contractor), architects Rousseau
& Son — All work for a two-story frame build
ing with concrete foundation (two flats), on N
line of Lombard street. 68:9 E of Hyde, E 6S:9
by N 137:0; total, $4897.
George Haas Realty Company (corporation),
owners, with William Little (contractor). T.
Patterson Ross architect — All Work for alter
ations .and additions to ' a two-story frame
building to be raised Into a three-story base
ment and attic frame .bulldins- rooming-house,
on N line of Ellis street. 175 W of Taylor, W
25 by N 137:C; total, $13,250.
H. H. Young (owner) with Geonre Goodman
(contractor), architect J. E. Krafft — Grading,
exeavatlni?, concrete' and artificial stone work
for one three-story brick buldlng on S line of
.Geary street, and one two-story frame stable
on N line of O'Farrell street, S of Geary, .125
W of Devlsadero, W 50 bv S 275, Western Ad
dition block 506; total, $0930. s .
Same owner with Adam Beck (contractor),
architect eame — Masonry, granite, marble and
tile work for a three-story brick building on
game; total. $0420.
W." F. Whlttler (owner) with Hannah Bros,
(contractors), architect Clarence R. Ward —
Alterations and additions to a two-story and
basement brick building on S line of Sacre
mento street. 128:9 W of Davis, W 48:9. S 91:8,
E 40, S 38:4. — 8:9, N 130; total. $4548.
Same owner with J. -Hammond & Co. (con
¦traetors), architect same — Two ram ' elevators
for eame on same; total. $1200. r ,
Jane Gray . MaeLean (owner) with W. E.
Grant (contractor^ — All work for a three-story
frame building (three flats) on W line of Do
lorps street, 160 N of Twenty-third, N 35 by
W 117:6. HA 66: total, $6000.
I Mrs. M. , E. , Bowes (owner) with Allen &
Looney (contractors), architect Albert Button —
Plumbing, sewerlnp and gasflttlnjr for a five
flat frame and hrick building on -S lino of Pa
cific avenue, 137:6 W of Pierce street, W 68:9
by S 127:SV4: total. $2783.
Builders' Contracts.
John T Bennett to Delia B. Bennett (wife),
all Interest In lot on N.ltne of Bush street, 45
W of Franklin, \V 25 by N 60; gift.
Howard Trumbo to Jean Jaussaud, lot" on
S line of Sutter- street, 25 E of Octavla, E 25
by S 110; $10.
' Christian and Charles Reuss, C. Reuss & Bro.
to Phillpp Schwerdt, lot on N line of Turk
street, 31:3 W of Stelner, W 25 by N 112:6;
$250.
Alfred C. Rulofson to Julia W. Rulofson, lot
on N line of Pine street, U2:C E of Pierce, E
27:2 by N 137:6; $10.. t*
John A. and Belle Hoots to Terbert S. Morton,
lot on S line of Filbert street, 111:6 W of
Broderick. W 30 by.-S 137:6; $10.
Margaret McCorrfllck to Sarah A. Cosgrove,
lot on N line of Halght street, 50 W of Lyon,
W 25 by N 100 (reserving life estate); gift.
John and Annie Walton to E. W. Hyde, lot
on N line of Golden Gate avenue, 229:11 E of
First avenue, E 25 by N 137:6; $10. '
Margaret McCormick to Margaret J. McCor
mick, lot on E line of Natoma street, 60 SW
of Lafayette, SW 44 by SE 74:8 (reserving life
estate); gift. ' „
Same to same, lot on "W line of Howarr.
street, 30:11% SW of Lafayette, SW 26 by NW
90, and right of way en SW 3:3 (reserving life
estate); gift.
Henry Meyer to William Greene, 1042 D. 42,
all interest in estate of Anne E. Greene, No.
24402, reconveyance deed: $800.
MONDAY. JUNK 2.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A number of the grand officers of and
delegates to the Grand Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America, that U
to meet to-day, were the guests of Inter
Nos Circle No. 215' in the Alcazar building
last night. The hall, which was prettily
decorated with flags, bunting and flowers
in honor of the anniversary of the birth of
Mrs. Emma Agnes Harrington, the finan
cial secretary, was crowded with mem
bers and visitors, who after the work of
the evening were entertained with inter
esting addresses and stories, after which
the circle presented to the financial sec
retary a fine silk umbrella in apprecia
tion of her faithful services to the order,
and Supreme Sub-chief Companion Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood presented her a handsome
bureau ornament in personal appreciation
of her worth as a companion in Forestry.
After the. close of the circle all were
treated to ice cream and cakes.
Live Oak Circle of the same order had
an entertainment last night in the ban
quet hall of the Native Sons' building, at
which there were present a number of
the delegates to the Grand Circle.
The programme of entertainment, un
der the direction of Mesdames T. Margo,
Nellie Hill, S. Carter, Sarah Gold. M. B.
Rivers, Harris, Pybone, Micholson and
Garber, included the following: A few
minutes with Wilson and Chase, come
dians; cakewalk, Lucile and Gladys Grae
ber; soprano aolo, Tracie Margo; cornet
duet, Tudy Margo and Otto Peck, and a
farce entitled "A Love of a Bonnet," in
which Helen Bello, Tracie Margo, Mrs.
A. J. Steinweg, Birdie Hartman, Annie
Bello and Sarah Gold took part.
At noon to-day the delegates from New
Century Circle to the Grand Circle will
be entertained at luncheon served by the
circle.
Richard S. Doyle, a well-known builder
and contractor and one of the oldest res
idents of the Mission, died in St. Mary'*
Hospital yesterday morning, after a Ions
and painful illness. The funeral will take
place at 10 o'clock Thursday morning,
ircm St. Peter's Church, on Alabama
stveet, near Twenty-fourth, where a sol
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose or his soul. Interment will
be In Holy Cross Cemetery. 9
L»oyle was born in County Wexford,
Ireland, seventy-six years. ago, and came
to this county while quite young. Whea
the news of the discovery of gold In Ca»
iiornia reached the East, L>oyle, witn
hundreds of others, ' set out for the
new KJdorado. lie was a man ol keen
business Instinct and soon came to the
conclusion after arriving here that hi*
trade, that of a carpenter, oflered a surer
if a slower road to fortune than mining.
He accordingly engaged In the contract
ing and buiidjng business and in a very
shurt tune bum up a large business. Wltu
his family, he took up a home in th-»
Mission, at that time almost a wilderness,
anu became identified with all of its in
terests. He lived to see that section of
the city grow into a populous district
and in all its progressive movements ho
took an active interest. He was of a
kindly, charitable nature and won for
himtelf a host of friends. In politics he
was a Democrat, and although often
urged to run for office he declined. Ha
was at all times willing to help his friends
politically, but for himself he preferred
the walks of private life. He was nom
inated for Freeholder by hi3 party a few
y*'urs ago, but declined the honor, al
though a strong effort was made to keep
him on the ticKet. Six children sur.lve
him, the Rev. Father Alexander Doyle,
a noted Paullst missionary father of New
York city, Sister Mary Fldelis, Lady Su
perior of the convent of Our ' Lady of
Lourdes. Oakland. Sister Mary Louise of
St. Mary's Hospital in this city, and
Stephen. Frank and Peter Doyle, also oC
this city.
Judge Fritz continued the case for a
week, but warned both Rudolph and Mul
cahy to stop making remarks to each
other when they meet on the street. If
Rudolph does so Mulcahy was instruct
ed to atrest him and if Mulcahy Is the
offender then Rudolph will have his rem
edy before the Police Commissioners.
Mulcahy testified that Rudolph had been
his enemy since he arrested Mrs. Rudolph
about six months ago for disturbing tne
peace and that every time they met
Rudolph would pass offensive and insult
ing remarks. On the afternoon of the
arrest Rudolph, who, according to Mul
cahy was under the influence of liquor,
was particularly offensive. When Mul
cahy placed him under arrest Rudolph
attempted to strike him end continued
his abuse all the way to the patrol box
and while, waiting for the patrol wagon.
Mulcahy was corroborated by Dr. C. H.
A. Davis, who testified he was surprised
at the officer's endurance under the of
fensive abuse, and also by W. Jennings.
For the defense Rudolph testified that
Mulcahy first attempted to strike him
and called him a "gunflghter." He denied
that he was under the Influence of liquor
and called James Welch, George Ryan
and William Maxwell to testify to that
effect.
Jake Rudolph, at one time a lieutenant
for Chris Buckley, charged with disturb
ing the peace, was tried yesterday before
Judge Fritz. The arrest was made by
Policeman Mulcahy on Powell street on
the afternoon of May 26.
RUDOLPH AND MULCAHY
NOT TO MAKE REMARKS
The officers elected are Arthur Green
berg, president: Michael . Lange, vice
president; Charles P. Granz, secretary
and treasurer; George H. Bahrs, attor
ney. These four with William Kinkand,
G. H. Hagedorn, Donald McDonald, John
O'Brien, William Goldman and R. H.
Fischbeck constitute the board of direct
ors.
A number of liquor-dealers and their
employes met Monday afternoon in the
Nevada block and formed an organiza
tion to be known as "The Mutual Alli
ance of California:" The purpose of the
new society Is to unite Its members !n
social end fraternal bonds and to secure
protection for their business ventures.
Regular meetings arc to be held biennial
ly on the first Monday of June of each
even-numbered year.
LIQUOR-DEALEES AND
EMPIiOYES ORGANIZE
LAEGE CBOWD ATTE1TDS
GRADUATION" EXERCISES
Boys of St. Joseph's School Bender a
Programme That Was Very
Entertaining.
The commencement exercises of St. Jo
seph's Boys' School, which were held last
night In Verein EIntracht Hall, 237
Twelfth street, were attended by a crowd
that taxed the hall to its greatest
capacity. Probably not during the pres
ent commencement season have gradua
tion exercise* been more enjoyable than
those of St. Joseph's School. Graduation
honors were conferred on Stephen Roche,
and Charles O'Connor. One of the fea
tures of the programme was the gun drill
by eighteen little boys, dressed in sol
dier uniforms. The drill was rendered ex
ceedingly picturesque by the precision and
correctness with which the Iittl^ soldiers
exectued the martial maneuvers. Many
priests witnessed the exercises.
Medals for Christian doctrine were
awarded to Joseph Christian, Thomas
King, Arthur Glvanovich, Henry Gantner,
Ignatius McCarthy. J. Canty, Patrick Gil
lesple and Eugene Linehan, while
premiums were presented to Charles
Smith, J. Mclnerny, Peter Weber, J. Gil
bide, Lester Flaker, Frank Sullivan, M.
Gillespie and Cornelius Hurley. 1
Those who took part in the exercises
were* J. Donovan, W. Ebeling, W. Kll
kenney, J. Marlow, "W. Lynch, J. Therien,
P. Gillespie, W. Casey. E. Richards. J.
Good. J. Schlink. B. Broderick, H. Mc-
Entee J. Robinson, F. Sheehy, T. Lally.
C. O'Connor, S. Roche, E. Murray and E.
Linehan. - - ......
B0ER0MEAN COUNCIL
. ENTEBTAINS FBIENDS
The entertainment and dance that was
given last night In Pioneer Hall by Bor
romean Council of the Young Men's In
stitute was well attended and the pro
gramme was greatly enjoyed by all. The
several numbers which were enthusiasti
cally encored were:
Overture. D'Arcy's Orchestra; .remarks. Pres
ident H. McCarthy: soprano solp (selected).
Miss Claire Madden; barytone solo, "Monarch
of the Woods." R. R. Dlnlgan; recitation. Hugh
McCann; tenor solo (selected), George F. Keane;
soprano solo. Master Thomas Dunn; specialties.
Miss Ethel and Master Arnold Grazer, assisted
by Miss M. Kronert and ¦ Professor Arthur
Black of California University: vocal duet.
Mrs. Ed Burns and R. R. Dlnlgan; contralto
»olo. Miss Alice Kane; bass solo, T. Jack
Zeklnd.
There wag dancing until midnight. Thi3
function, one of the most pleasant of the
many that this council has given, was un
der the direction of Messrs. D. Hurst, S.
Riley, John A. Mitchell, Frank Booth,
Hugh T. McCann and John Doyle. The
floor manager was H. T. McCann.
Ruth Burton Austin, Linda Clara Bachman.
Beatrice Bacigalupi. Alice Garwood Barkley.
KaCaerine Clare Barrett, Edith B. Barry, Reby
Metlam Bartley, Helen W. Bennett. Marguerite
Bloch, Roso Boskowltz. Alice Brady, Jessie
Burns. Irene Gertrude Carr. Fernando Oorald
ine de Ghetaldl. Marie Valentine Denervaud,
Dora Dewing, Gertrude Ada Doherty. Vern.
Byrtha Ellon, Irene Enkle, Gertrude L. Fried
lander, Lillian Antoinette Guerney. Carolyn
Pearl Haas, Laura Evelyn Hackett, Naomi
Elizabeth Hause Elizabeth Victoria Henrioullo,
Bertha Henzel, Mildred Octavla Hlckey. Mary
Christiana Hoffman, Elizabeth Eloise Hol
brook, Georgia Hood. Margaret Howell, Edith
Jacobs, Stella C. Jessurun, Anna Franklyn
Jones, Katherlne Grace Kennedy. Sally Patter
son Kerr. Pauline Keyser, Alma Lacombe,
Alice Lollta Martin. Ida May Helen Meagher,
Cornelia Pearl Metcalfe. Nan Agnes Murphy,
Cicely Josephine O'Connor, Vera Estelle
O'Leary, Margaret Mary Olsen. Mamie Agnes
O'Neill, Ellen Burwell Page, Mabel Pattlnton,
Edna Adelaide Perkins, Clara Cronly Rawltns,
Edna Victoria Rehflsch. Maude Edna Rey
nolds, Catherine Tilllnghast Rixford, Mary
Alice Romaine, Ina Ryst, Etta Mae Seaton,
Ethel Beatrice Sherry. Irma Shirek, Judith
Monteflore Shirek. Susie C. Smith. Ray Splro,
Gertrude Eva Agnes Strobel, Sophie Treadwell,
Lucile Shepherd Tucker. Matilda Klnloch Wen
dell, Freda Anna Wendte,, Walla W. Wester
feld Dorothy Mildred Wheaton.
Graduates of December. 1001 — Alice Flnlay,
Anna Gaffney, Ethel McClure. Florence Towns
end. '
As the orchestra rendered a selection
the young ladies filed in and took their
seats. James Denman, president . of the
Board of Education, presided. The mudi
cal programme was as follows: March, by
Miss, Edith Gowah; selection, by the
Girls' High School Orchestra, under the
direction of Miss Gertrude Friedlander;
cornet solo, by Miss Louise Levy; vocal
solo, by Mrs. Mae C. Madden; selection,
by \V. E. Dyer of the Loring Club Quar
tet; vocal solo, by Miss Elena Roeckel;
selection, by the Girls' Orchestra.
James Denman made a short address,
after which he Introduced the Hon. E. K.
Schmitz, whose enthusiastic address to
the graduates met with loud applause.
After an address by Cecil "W. Mark, a
member of the Board of Education, Prin
cipal Elisha Brooks presented the class
of '02. Then followed the presentation of
diplomas by Superintendent Reginald H.
Webster. w '
The large library room of the school
was completely filled with beautiful flow
ers for the new graduates. The young
ladies graduating this year are:
The thirty-eighth annual commence
ment exercises of the Girls' High School
of San Francisco was held last evening
in the High School auditorium, Scott and
Geary streets, beginning at 8 o'clock. The
large hall was beautifully decorated for
the event with palms, ferns and flowers
and was crowded to the doors with
friends eind relatives of the graduates,
who numbered sixty-eight and were all
dressed in white, each carrying a large
bunch of rare flowers.
Companions of the Forest of
America to Meet
Mayor Schmitz Delivers Ad
dress and Is Heartily
Cheered.
Long Prominent in Mission
as a Builder and
Contractor.
Richard S. Doyle Passes
• Away at St. .Mary's
Hospital.
Inter Nos Circle Gives
Banquet to the
Pretty Ceremony at
High School.
Many Friends Witness
GIRL GRADUATES
GIVEN DIPLOMAS
GRAND OFFICERS
ARE ENTERTAINED
OLD RESIDENT
GOES TO HIS REST
Bock Island I Boute Excursions
Leave San FrancUco every Wednesday and
Sunday, via P.Io Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, and via Los 'Angeles anrVEl Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Paolno and
Ro>;k Island j Railways, for Omaha, Kansas
City, Chicago and all points East. For further
Information i address Clinton Jones, ¦ General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market at •
OAKLAND,'. June 3.— Licenses to many
were Issued to-day to Louis L. Selma, 29,
and Catherine Carey, 27, both of Oakland;
Joseph C. Fratesr over 21, and: Emma E.
Tuttle, over 18, both of Pinole; Charles
Glans, 35, and Hilda Anderson, 25, both of
San Francisco. .
Licensed to Marry.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 3— Stmr Prini
easln Victoria Lulz, from Hamburg. '• ' ¦:
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 4 (12:10 a.
m) — Stmr Weoternland. from Liverpool, .for
Philadelphia, and proceeded. >•:¦;,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 3— Stmr Corwln. for
Nome: stmr Ohio, for Nome; stmr Humboldt
for Sko,eway.
TACO'MA— Sailed June 3— Br bark Levern
bank, for Queenstown.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed June 3— Br «hlp
Tweedsdale, for Tacoma.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived June 3 — Schr F
S Redfield, from San Pedro, . v ¦
Tuesday, June 3.
¦ Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, Eureka; Coos Bay,
Astoria and Portland.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fosen, Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED. T
George E. Kennedy/alias Kelly, and
George Curran, alias Green, were arrest
ed yesterday by Policeman Hicks in a sa
loon on the corner of Sacramento , and
Kearny streets for beating a man named
Nunan on the head with revolvers. The
prisoners, it is claimed, were trying to
rob a miner and Nunan and the bartender
interfered: Both Kennedy and Curran
are said by the police to be hard charac
ters. They were charged with assault with
a deadly weapon and carrying concealed
weapons.
Two Hard Characters 'in Jail.
The Civil Service Commission announced
yesterday that a physical examination of
applicants for appointment to the police
force will be held in the rooms of the Po
lice Commissioners, Hall of Justlee, June
18 to June 21. Applicants have until June
14 to file their applications, and those re
jected by the examining physicians will
not be allowed to take the written exami
nation. Under the new budget the Police
Commission will appoint some sixty addi
tional patrolmen, so the chances for ap
pointment are very good.
No applicant will.be accepted whose
measurements, stripped, do not come up
to the following standards, adopted by
• the Police Commission and the Civil Ser
vice Commission: •
Eligible List to the Police
Board.
Civil Service Commission Furnishes
PHYSICAL EXAMINATIONS
FOR. WOULD-BE POLICEMEN
The Presidio officers a«nd their wives
gave a hop on Monday evening, which
was but fairly attended, owing to the
exodus of many of the smart set to out
of-town resorts. A number of the younger
set from the city enjoyed the dance until
a late hour and were delightfully enter
tained.
Mrs. James Kerr has left for San Ma
teo, accompanied by her daughters.'
Mrs. Horace Pillsbury is arranging for
an Eastern trip.
Mrs. Jessie Dietrich has been spending
ceveral days at San Mateo. ;
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Jacobs, who are
spending the summer at Hotel Mateo.
have purchased a lot at San Mateo and
will build a country home.
Miss Lulu Heacock is on her way to
Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. James Polk have taken
apartments at the California Hotel.
The engagement reception of Miss Dor
othy Peters was held yesterday afternoon
at the residence of the bride-elect, 1133
Geary street, her approaching marriage
to William RoBenblum of Guadaloupe,
Cal., having been announced. A large
number of friends were received and
pleasantly entertained during the after
noon. Miss Peters was assisted in receiv
ing by her mother and sister.
Dcugald Riddell were the principals of a
pretty home wedding Monday noon at the
residence of the bride's mother, Mrs. An
nie E. Watson, Rev. E. J. Lion perform
ed the ceremony. Miss Ruth Watson, tho
briae's sister, was maid of honor, and
Walter W. Watson acted as best
man.. The bride's gown was a dainty af
fair of- white mousseline de sole over
silk. Her bouquet consisted of lilies of
the valley and bride roses. Mr. and Mrs.
Kiddell are taking a wedding trip to Del
Monte and on their return will reside at
25 Baker street.
"I will not remember this particular
transaction until I get to my office and
see my books," said G. B. Daniels. "There
has been too much of this politics." : . '
think there is any crooked work going on In
my office. I indorsed the bills as an accom
modation to Oakes, s6 he could get his maney.
I've done that many times. I understand Dan
iels Indorsed the checks Lanktree gave Oakes,
but I don't know how ho. came to do that. It
will all be explained, though.
The Carmen's Union met last night and
initiated fifty new members. The growth
cf the union Is phenomenal, and excellent
results are observed.
General Secretary Frank Duffy of the
brotherhood has notified the District
Council that all suspended members may
be reinstated by securing clearance cards
form the council. That body was given
authority to issue such cards at Its dis
cretion.
The situation as regards the carpenters
remains unchanged. Although peace will
prevail for the remainder of the month
the prospects are that the fight will be
renewed with bitterness after the expi
lation of that period. The brotherhood
men are standing firm and decline to ac
cede to the wishes of the Building Trades
Council in the matter of submitting the
rescission of clause 3 of the constitution
to a vote of all the carpenters.
The District Council of the Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners met last night
and suspended Carpenter's Union No. 95,
known as the "Latin union," . for itn re
fusal to abide by the laws of the broth
erhood. This is one of the unions which
ir assisting the Building Trades Coun
cil in Its fight against the brotherhood
carpenters. •
Prospect # That War Will Be "Re
sumed After This
Month.
BROTHERH0OD COTJNCIL
SUSPENDS LATIN UNION
Miss Aggie R. Watson and Allan Mc-
The popularity of the bride and groom
was attested by the unusually large num
ber of elegant gifts which they received,
one being a check for $1000 from the Hon.
Frank G. Newlands of Nevada. The hon
eymoon will be spent in the Sierras, after
which the happy pair will become resi
dents of Oakland. . .
In a bower of pink and white haw
thorne, Miss Blanch W. Sharon and Har
old St. Lawrence Farr plighted tfieir
wedded troth yesterday afternoon, at
Casa Monata, the beautiful Piedmont
home of the Sharons. It was a colonial
wedding and the decorations were unusu
ally artistic, pink and green being the
general color scheme.
The congratulations were followed by
supper. Later in the evening Mr. and Mrs.
Pearce departed on a wedding trip, but
did not make known their destination.
They will reside in Watsonville, where
the groom is engaged as an expert chem
ist.
The bride was attended by Miss Effie
Bell of Woodland, bridesmaid, and little
Jean McMullin, flower girl. Bryant
Drake was best man. The bridal toilette
was white organdie over satin with a long
tulle veil. No jewels were worn. The
bride carried a shower bouquet of lilies of
the valley. Miss Bell was attireJ in pink
chiffon over taffeta and carried brides
maid roses.
A very pretty home wedding was cele
brated last evening at the home of Mrs.
S. McMullin, 2815 Pine street, when her
niece. Miss Winifred Carruthers, became
the bride of Jackson A. Pearce of Wat
sonville. The bride is a daughter of S. G.
Carruthers of Berkeley and a niece of
Rev. P. F. Phelps, who performed the
ceremony. One hundred guests were
present. The floral decorations were elab
orate and in excellent taste. The color
scheme was pink. The young couple
stood in a rose bower of bridesmaid roses
and foliage while the knot was tied. ' The
drawing-room was done In pink roses,
palms and ferns, while the dining-room
was in red carnations.
MISS BERENICE LANDERS has
promised .to become the bride
of Jack Johnston of Los An
geles. Her engagement is only
just now announced, although
it has teen hinted at for several days
past. The date of the wedding is not
definitely fixed, but it will occur early in
the fall at the town house of the bride
elect's parents, Mr. and Mrs. William J.
Landers, on Broadway. Miss Landers has
always figured prominently at all social
functions given by the most exclusive set
and has many admiring friends. Mr.
Johnston, the groom-elect, is well known
in Los Angeles, where he is engaged in
the real estate business. He is Immense
ly popular and comes of excellent family,
his grandfather being Albert Sidney
Johnston, the celebrated Confederate gen
eral. Many congratulations and good
wishes are being showered upon the
young people.
That affiant thereupon immediately saw Mr.
Lar.ktree a.t his office, which said office is near
the Courthouse, and requested the said Lanktree
to discount tuch bills, and ?id fully explain
the matter to him. but that said Lanktree re
fused to do fo. That thereupon affiant re
turned to Dalton and informed him that said
Lanktree had refused to discount the bills; that
thereupon said Dalton suggested to affiant to
see Mr. SteiJrr.an and have him assist in get
tins Mr. Lanktree to discount the bills. That
thereupon eeid affiant proceeded up Broadway
in said city of Oakland and met Mr.
Sii.duian commi down Broadway toward the
Cocrthouse. That affiant Informed Mr. Sted
man that Dalton wanted to see him about some
bills or work. That thereupon the said Sted
n an and afSar.t returned to said office of said
Dalton and to said Dalton. and thereupon Dal
ton stated In the'.r presence that he wanted
eorne blenkboolis made for his office. 1. e.. the
Afcse£s>or"fi office of the County of Alameda, ani
that he had given the order to affiant and that
he ¦wanted paid Stedman to assist in having
the bills discounted with Lanktree. That
thereupon said Stedman. at the dictation of
raid iJalton. and from data furnished to said
Ftedman fcy said Dalton. prepared said bills.
That after said bills were prepared afflant
signed them end swore to them before F. E.
Browning, Deputy County Clerk. That there
upon afnar.t and Stedman proceeded to the
office cf said Lar.ktree with the said bills and
Mr. Stedrr.an thereupon again requested said
Lar.ktree to discount the bills, and after eome
discussion the f-aid Lanktree finally agreed to
do to. That thereupon this affiant assigned In
writing upon the back of each bill each bill
to said Lar.ktree. and left Lanktree and Sted
man. That immediately after the bills were
irepared as above stated by said Stedman, said
Dalton wrote upen each of said bills the fol
lowing, to wit; "Expenditures authorized and
approved by me." and signed the same as fol
lows, to wit: "Henry P. Dalton, Assessor."
That thereupon within two days subsequent to
said 19th dsy of August. 1901, a check for the
sum of $600. dated August 19. 1901. was drawn
by said Lariktree in favor of affiant and was
presented to affiant by one Rupright, an em
ploye and deputy of eaid Dalton. and said Rup
right requested afftant to indorse the same;
that thereupon this affiant did write his name
upon said check and delivered it to said Rup
right. and affiant has never seen the said
check since. That said check was in part;
payment of raid two bills herein referred to
and said affiant further states that he has
never received the money or any part of the
nioney representative or called for by said
Thct affiant said all right; he would be
triad to have such or3er but that he would have
them printed at the Enquirer Publishing Com
iany. That said Dalton thereupon requested
fcaid afSant to see Lanktree and ascertain if
Faid Lanktree would discount the bills then and
ho'.d them until the work was done and then
he, taid Lanktree. to present and file them
and get his money back.
George A. Oiikes. being first duly sworn, de
pots and says : That he is and for many years
last past has betn the proprietor and printer
or that certain newspaper printed and publish
ed In the town of Haywards and known'as ths
Ktywardfc Journal. That for many years last
past affiant has known End does know Henry
P. Dalton. G. B. Danieis. R. R. Stedman and
J. B. Lar.ktree. That on or about the 19th
day of August. 1901. Henry I'. Dalton. at the
office of said Henry P. Dalton at the Court
house of said county, said to this affiant in
6ubstar.ee: "That he required some blank
r-eoks Sn his official capacity as Assessor, and
lif. said Daltcn, desired to give the orde'r for
eaid blankbookf. and for the making of the
Eiitr.e io affiant."
LANKTHZE REFUSES.
The strange part of the new develop
ments is that George A. Oakes was a
warm supporter of Dalton for Congress
in the light against Meicalf and has al
ways been known as a Dalton man out
snd out. Stedman is an employe of the
i-nquirer, the paper in which Dalton is
charged with owning an interest.
The affidavits are as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, June 3.
Two affidavits were submitted to Dis
trict Attorney Allen this afternoon upon
which a request was based for criminal
prosecution of County Assessor Henry P.
Dalton. The District Attorney declined to
issue any warrants until after further in
vestigation, but It is very evident that the
County Assessor has another fight on his
hands. The affidavits are made by George
A. Oakes, editor of the Haywards Journal,
anu R. R. Stedman, an employe of the
Oakland Enquirer, and In effect they tay
UULt County Assessor Dalton, in August
last, gave Cioorge Oakes an order for sev
enty-live assessment books and thirty
mortgage books for his office. Oakes said
that lie wouid turn the order over to the
Oakland Enquirer, and did so. The affi
davits then assert that the books were
never printed or delivered to the Assessor,
but that the bills were put through the
Hoard of Supervisors, and these claims
were then presented to J. IS. Lanktree, a
H r - Olc<?r ' aI1 " discounted. One bill was for
?s.a, and the other for $000, Lanktree re
taining- $75 for his commission and issuing
cnecks for $1500. The checks issued by
Lanktree wore made payable to Oakes,
ana were indorsed by him and turned over
to Danieis, and now bear the signature of
Daniels as the final payee.
Neither Dalton nor Daniels will say that
the books were ever delivered, and pend
tixs an examination into this fact no move
will be made by any of the authorities.
Da.ton says it is merely another phase of
the political light being waged against
mm. and Daniels claims to know nothing
about the matter.
I will stand by the statements I made when
I tvaa accused before — that it is all rot and
politics. There is nothing in the charges anc!
the result will be the same as it was in those
other accusations. I don't know what is the
matter with this fellow Stedman. I thought
he was my friend, and besides he is employed
on the newspaper with which I am particularly
friendly. And Oakes — I don't know what ails
him, for I have done a great, deal for Oakes
in many ways. .
I won't attempt to explain anything. Every
thing will come out in time. I don't know
whether those books are In the office or not.
My chief deputy, T. C. Robinson, sees that we
get everything that Is paid for, and I don't
Affiant further says that he knows of his
own knowledge that "the seventy-five assess
ment rolls" "working," described in said bill
numbered C582 were never made or delivered by
eald Oakes or by anyone to said county of Ala
meda or to said Assessor or to any one for
said county or said Assessor, and that for more
than fifteen months last past no such books
have been used or kept by said Assessor or by
said county.
Affiant further states that both of said claims
have been allowed and have been fully paid
by the county 'of Alameda and that the said
money has been Illegally, unlawfully and cor
ruptly obtained from said county.
That the eaid Oakes, Daniels and Dalton are
close and intimate associates and affiant verily
believes that the said three persons unlawfully,
wickedly and corruptly conspired together for
the purpose to and did defraud said county of
Alameda out of the amount of said bills, to-wit,
$1575. • :
1 make this statement freely and voluntarily
of the fact and the truth as I know it.
R. R. STEDMAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st
day of May. 1902. E. NUSBAUMER,
Notary public In and for the county of
Alameda, State of California.
Mr. Dalton said to-night:
CHARGES IBHEGrULARITY.
I K. R. Stedman. being- first duly sworn,
depose and say: That for more than five :
years last past I have been, and now am. In i
the employ of the Enquirer Publishing Com
pany a corporation. That on or about the
19th day of August. 1901. G. B. Daniels, then
and there was, and ever since has been, the
busliiesb manager and president of the En
quirer Publishing Company. That on or about
the said 10th day of Aurust, 1001, said Daniels
said to this afhant at the office of said En
quirer Publishing Company, situated on Tenth
street, between Broadway and Franklin, of the
city of Oakland, in substance and'effect: "For
affiant to see immediately Henry P. Dalton,
meaning thereby Henry P. Dalton. the Assessor
of the county of Alameda. and George Oakes,
and assist them in discounting some bills
p. gainst the county of Alameda which' th«y
then and there had. That Immediately there
upon this affiant proceeded to the Courthouse
and to the office of said Dalton at said Court
house and upon arriving there found said Dal
ton and said Oakes at the office of said Dal
ton. That the said Dalton then and there re
queeted this affiant to make out two certain
bills against the county of Alameda and in
favor of George A. Oakes. That the said bill3
were then and there drawn by the affiant in
accordance with and from data furnished to
affiant by eaid Dalton, and which said bills
were thereafter filed and are new on file with
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors and
County Clerk of Alameda County and Auditor,
and are numbered and known respectively as
Nos. 7£S1 and C582. That upon said bills be
ing drawn the said Dalton and Oaken said In
effect that they wanted to have these bills
against the county discounted, and that said
Oakes had approached one Lanktree to have
the bills discounted, but that he had refused
and wanted affiant to get Lanktree to discount
That thereupon affiant and said Oakes pro
ceeded to the office of said Lanktree and after
considerable discussion of the matter with said
Lanktree the said Lanktree finally agreed to
discount the said bills, and thereupon said
Oakes assigned eaid claims to Lanktree and
the eald Oakes then left, and this affiant wait
ed and the eald Lanktree did then and there
deliver to this affiant his personal check drawn
in favor of said George Oakes for the sum of
six hundred dollars, in payment of two said
bills- that affiant thereupon took the check to
said Dalton's office and then and . there deliv
ered the same to said Dalton. -That within a
week subsequent to said 19th day of August,
1301 said Lanktree did deliver to me a check
drawn by said Lanktree in favor of said George
Oakes for the sum of $900, said sum being
the balance due on said bills, less $75 discount,
and thereupon I immediately did deliver the
said check to said G. B. Daniels. That these
copies hereunto annexed and marked exhibits
"A" and "B" are now on file in the Auditor's
office of the county of Alameda and said copies
were made by me. That within one month last
past I have seen in the possession of said
Lanktree the said check for $000 above de
scribed, and the same had indorsed upon It as
the final payer the name of G. B. Daniels,
and w.-;s also Indorsed by said Oakes. That
I also saw at said time last referred to said
check for $500 drawn by said Lanktree to the
order of said Oakes -and Indorsed by said G.
B. Daniels as final payee and also indorsed by
eaid Oakes; that affiant knows of his own
knowledge that the thirty mortgage books de
scribed In said bill No. 7281 never were made
or delivered by said Oakes to said Assessor or
to any other officer of the county of Alameda
or to the county of Alameda, nor did anyone
else make or deliver any such books at or about
or before or since the 19th day of August. lt>01,
to said Assessor or to said county of Alameda
or to anyone for said county or Assessor, nor
are there any such books in said Assessor's
office or-«ny county office, except sixteen such
bocks which were made about two years ago
by said Enquirer Publishing Company and were
paid for about then by said county to said
company.
Affiant further Bays that he never received
the eald mrney, or any part of the money
represented <r called for or paid upon said
check. Affiant further says that when the
order was given to affiant for the said books
affiant positively understood that the ¦ En
quirer Publishing Company would print and
deliver said bocks to said Assessor and to said
county. That afftant never made or delivered
the said bocks or any of said books described
in said bills to said Assessor or county or to
any one. That affiant never caused any one
else to make or deliver Eald books or any there
of to said Assessor or county, but always sup
posed, and still supposes, that said Enquirer
Publishing Company did make and deliver said
books and all thereof to said Assessor.
That certified copies of the bills above de
scribed are hereunto annexed, marked exhibit
A, and made part hereof. ' ,
That I make this statement freely and volun
tarily of the facts as I knuw them.
GEORGE A. OAKES.
Subscribed and sworn to before me June 1,
1902. E. NUSBAUMEK,
Notary Public in and for Alameda County, Cal.
NEVEB EECEIVED MONEY.
Family troubles, jealousy, and a quarrel
over the possession of a young son, grow
ing out of divorce proceedings, are the
causes given for the shooting. Mrs Tin
dall was formerly Miss Estelle Green
wood of Sacramento, in which city they
were married ten years ago.
Before Mrs. Tindail could open the door.
Tiudall was upon her with his revolver.
She grasped the weapon and the discharg
ed powder burned her hand, ,but the bui
ltt missed its mark. The desperate wom
an ran down the hallway into a small
room, and dashed through 'another door,
which she held with all her strength
wlille Tindall tried to open it. TlndaU
fired again and missed as she went
through the door. While he was trying to
kick the door down Officer Carroll dis
armed him and placed him under arrest.
He is booked on a charge of assault to
murder.
With a cry for help, she grappled with
him. They became separated and she
ran westward across the street. When
they reached the middle of the street he
fired one shot, but missed, and she ran
Into a saloon, Tindall close behind.
STOCKTON, June 3.— That Mrs. George
Leroy Tindall fc. not In the city raorguj,
where her husband was formerly employ
ed as assistant. Is due to the poor marks
n:anship of the husband, who fired three
shots at her this morning with a revolver,
at close range. On their way down town
from the railway station, whither they
had gone to meet their young son, who
did not arrive, Tindall placed a revolver
against his wife's back as she was tying
her shoe, but the weapon missed fire:
Special Disnatch to The Call.
Stockton Woman's Struggle
and Flight Save Her
From Death.
Assessor Says in Defense That
*It Is All Rot and
Politics."
Is Accused of Allowing
Books Never Received
to Be Paid For.
Husband's Poor Aim Is
All That Prevents
a Murder.
THREE BULLETS
MISS HIS WIFE
ANOTHER CHARGE
AGAINST DALTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, '.; WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
Miss Berenice Landers to Become Bride of Jack
Johnston of Los Angeles Early Next Fall
DATE OF THE WEDDING
NOT DEFINITELY FIXED
C
9
check or paid upon the same. That there has
been exhibited to me a photographic copy of
a certain check drawn by J. B. Lanktree as
trustee In favor of the affiant, dated August 21.
lUOl and for the sum of $900. and that the
paid' check purports to be indorsed by myself.
I do not remember under what circumstances I
Indorsed the said check, if I did. but according
to my best knowledge and judgment the sig
nature Is mine. The raid check was in pay
ment of the balance due upon said bills above
described. lc?s a $75 discount. .
Height.
Minimum Maxlm'm
Weight. Weight.
Minimum
Chest.
fi ft. 9 In 150 lbs. ] 180 lbs. 36 inches.
5 ft. 10 in. 155 lbs. 185 lbs. 36',£ Inches.
5 ft. 11 in. 100 lbs. 105 lbs. 3"V4 Inches.
6 ft 165 lbs. 200 lbs. 38 inches.
6 ft. 1 in 170 Ib3. 205 lbs. 39 Inches.
6 ft. 2 in 175 lbs. 215 lbs. 40 inches,
f. ft. 3 In 180 lbs. 220 lbs. 41 . inches.
C ft. 4 in' 180 lbs. £25 lbs. 42 tnche3.
Height.
Minimum Maxlm'm
Weight. Weight.
Minimum
Chest.
fi ft. 9 In 150 lbs. ] 180 lbs. 36 inches.
5 ft. 10 in. 155 lbs. 185 lbs. 36',£ Inches.
5 ft. 11 in. 100 lbs. 105 lbs. 3"V4 Inches.
6 ft 165 lbs. 200 lbs. 38 inches.
6 ft. 1 in 170 Ib3. 205 lbs. 39 Inches.
6 ft. 2 in 175 lbs. 215 lbs. 40 inches,
f. ft. 3 In 180 lbs. 220 lbs. 41 . inches.
C ft. 4 in' 180 lbs. £25 lbs. 42 tnche3.
POSTUM CEREAL.
"If my name will do any good, use it,
for we J-tand by Postum always. Mrs.
W. A. Bower*. 29 Ninth street. Franklin,
Pa.: 1
"I was almost as bad as he but am now
entirely well, and have gone up from 08
pounds to 10S pounds and am so thankful
for the blessing of good health.
"When anybody mentions dyspepsia in
his ©resence he tells them what cured
him.
"We concluded there must be something
about his employment that thus affected
him. One day a man told him that proba-
bly coffee was the cause of his trouble
and advised him to use Postum. The first
time I made it I studied directions and
made it good. Well, that day was a day
long to be remembered.
"We liked the Postum. but we had a
hundred headaches compressed into one.
You see the trouble was we had both used
coffee so long that our nerves were in .i
state of collapse without the usual stimu-
lant. Until then I did not dream I was
such a slave to coffee, but we had to do
something to quit, ro the next morning I
used Postum with part coffee and we
missed the headaches, then I used less
coffee every morning for about two
vrctks and then Postum alone for nearly a
year now, and I just wish you could see
the change in my husband. He has better
health than he ever had before, never has
the headache, can eat anything he wants,
dees ret have 1-eartburn or any stomach
trouble and he cannot be induced to drink
coffee under any circumstances.
A comparatively easy way out was
taken by a lady from Franklin, Pa., who
saye: "We had a curious experience w'th
coffee. Husband had been for many years
a sufferer from dyspepsia, with heart-
burn, headaches and general nervous
trouble. We tried a great many physi-
cians and a great many remedies, but
rone of them did him any lasting good.
The breaking away from coffee is an
exceedingly serious problem to many peo-
ple, especially when headaches follow
leaving off the drug, and dyspepsia and
bowel trouble grows more and more seri-
ous if the coffee is continued. So there
you are between two fires.
A Cross Fire on Coffee-Users.
EITHER WAY HURTS.
in latest fancy weaves j!|f| 51 I l\\ A\\
and the most stunning l/J 1$ I IWVnvV
and irresistible novelties liXjfi f VuA \n\
. ever designed. Two pairs // mO , ! fU rP^
of cuffs each. A special /////* 11. I i I $q i/^Sj
1[Vo*i«es\s W / ji ml
If you are going for \Ji i I IS jl\ y/\
an outing you MUST VA* I ! M <///l
have a pair'of these fine // I f lily Iff/I
White Duck Trousers. '/ f/ll\ f/i
Just the thing for picnics j I / // \ \l\
or" jaunts on the beach <ED I , . / I J 1 f/i\
or in the hills. Q I QC . I \ Jil \ \ l\
Per pair. >.'..: 01 flZu \ 'hi \ !/\
if&ohby -Belis I J fl
We are offering some new novelties I \rj\\ 1 '//I
in Belts, made in patent r* «"* I //if " --1 -. ///
leather; designed to wear falifl I // jf\ \ I
¦with any kind of sporting or I II I. I II a A I 'I
outing trousers. Only WU I //Ml .. I \\
1028-1030 MARKET STREET, /FgrW
San Francisco. "
. ' ALSO OAKLAND. (i^Sr
Order half a dozen Keller Custom- *"" ' ¦ .
made Shirts, only $9.00-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSIXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-T527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street; ODen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street ; open until 10 p. m.
22bl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. m. .
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and 'Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FlUmore street: open until .9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D.. F. and A. m
M., Howry's Hall— Stated meeting ~£*
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at TT3^
7:30 o'clock. By order of the W. M. ' V
A. A. ANDERSON', Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2, R. and •»
S. M. will meet THIS (WEDNES- «#V_
DAT i EVENING, June 4. at 6 o'clock. Vjf
for business and degrees. By order / l
of the T 1. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY,
Recorder. -
OCCIDENTAL Lodge, Xo. 22, F. and A. m t
M.. will meet WEDNESDAY FORE- -1V-7
NOON, m 10 o'clock, to conduct the /£3T
funeral services over the remains of /V'
our deceased brother. MARK SHELDON.
Master inafons invited. By order of tha
Master. WALTER G. AXDERSOX, Secy.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge Xo. 41, F. and m
A M.— Stated meeting THIS (WED- Jl
XESDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock, tf »
Third degree. THEO FROLICH. Sec. V>
CROCKETT Lodge Xo. 139, F. and A. #
M. — Semi-annual stated meeeting at JL
S p. m. H. FORTRIEDE, «2f
Secretary. r\r*
EXCELSIOR Lodge Xo. 166, F. and A. a
M. — Stated meeting THIS (WEDXES- £\
D\Y) EVENING. June 4. at 7:30 ylj£
oclock. H. J. OWEN. Secretary. *W *
1EEBA BUENA Lodge Xo. 15. I. ofijteBft^.
O O. F-— Election of officers for gV^sSSi
ensuing term THURSDAY
EVENING, June 5. 1U02. Full 'sWIlW^
attendance requested.
W. P. HUMPHREYS. X. G.
W. W. CROSS. Rec. Sec.
MORSE Lodge Xo. 257. I. O. O.
F. — Election of officers THIS «-22LZ"SS
EVENING. June 4. A full at- '^ZS'SEte*?*
tendance is desired. Visitors cor- "w/»v»-
dially invited. J. M. C. RIDDLE, X. G.
C. BRIXD. Rec. Sec. v
NATIONAL UXIOX. Call- «w«I3BE^s
Icrr.ia Council, meets TO- v^g»g5Sg?S^S.
XIGKT at Pioneer Hall, "¦¦*"%%»
Fourth St., at S o'clock (in
its new hall). Visiting friends cordially In-
vited. By order
A. H. KIXGSFORD. President.
C. H. VAX ORDEX. Secretary. _
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society. Regs- £
l&r quarterly meeting Wednesday fcJSifet
evening, June 4. .1902. at S o'clock giiggg
sharp. Appropriations and donations, Sjgajf
reading of amendments and other im- ***"*'
rortanl business will be transacted. Fines
will be strictly enforced. By order of AUG-
UST MIKULICK. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL. Recording Secretary.
THE International Lathers' Union charter will
be open to all lathers in the State WE.DXES-
DAY XIGHT. &15 Market st.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE Quarterly Meeting
Notice — The quarterly meeting of the mem-
bers of the Mechanics' Institute will be held
in the Mechanics' Institute Library build-
ing SATURDAY. June 7. 1902. it 8 p. in.
JAMES G. SPAULDING, Rec. Sec
PICNIC. PICNIC PICNIC!
Ho' For Glenwood Park, Santa Cruz Moun-
tains. The picnic of the season given by the |
Ancient Order of United Workmen and De-
gree of Honor. Dancing, games, all kinds of
foot races: numerous prizes. Don't forget
the date. TUESDAY, June 17, 1902. Tickets,
il; children, 5'Jc. Boats leave foot of Market
st. (.narrow gauge) at S:45 a. m.
ANNUAL Meeting. — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the offie of
the company. S27 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal., en MONDAY, the 2Gth day of May,
1PC2. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
. tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday. May 3fi. UXBS, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec-
Office, S27 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.'
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday, June 2, 1V02. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSOX. Sec.
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday. June 9, 1J»O2. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CH.VS. A. GIBSOX. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sam Ahtye, in the Secret D«g-
FtrEE Mine, near Laporte, Plumas County,
Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked out pit
draining into Clark or Slate Creek, and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. X. Ekel. in the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana, Ama-
dor County, Cal.. to deposit tailings In worked
out pit draining Into Mokelumne River, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
96, Flood Building, San Francisco, Cal., on
June 16. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
EXPERIENCED agents for country: perma-
nently. Apply at the Royal Portrait Com-
pany. 143 Seventh st.
ATTORNE1S AT LAW.
E. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
r.o advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established IB yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTOX. 819 Market at.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Excliaase.
ALLEX has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairine, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
)
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1140 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— ?650; DELICATESSEX and dairy~produce]
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — ISO; CAXDY, ice cream and notion store,
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a splendid loca-
tion and good paying business In Western Ad-
dition. Bee R. G. WILKE. 2(P,4 Kearny et.
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar. with liv-
ine-rooms; rent $42; best location on Leav-
enworth «.; good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. UdVj Kearny st.
A— $2CM; RESTAURAXT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent $75; a first-class paying business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26>£ Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON; only one block north of
Market et.; net rent $25; a good paying busi-
ness; value in eight. For particulars see R.
G. WILKE. 2G>i Kearny st.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT on Market «t.; daily
receipts about $<J0; lease; eslendld chance; a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny Et. A
A — $1250; COFFEE falcon and restaurant near
Market and Powell sts.; x-alue $2500; make
an offer; s;ckr.f-ss c^use of selling. See R.
G. WILKE, 'MVi Kearny et. I
A— $250: 1USSTAUKANT: cost to fix up $000;
i'<?nt SIS; splendid location; a great bargain
a:id rood business. Call It. G. WILKE, 2d%
JCcarny et.
A--$450; BAKERY, established years; all etore
trade; rent $40; 3 rooms and kitchen; baking
1 harrei per day. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny St.
A — DAIRY Droduce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing abo\-e $350 per month; estab
years; the best Investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A PATRON Invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; in less than
five n-.onths he had drawn as much In divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the 6ame
yourself? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loss: we accept accounts as low as 510; divi-
dend for wwk ending May 31, $5 04; write
cr call for Interesting literature. - AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
C15, Emma Eftreckels building.
PARTNER wanted with email amount of
money to take interest In old established real
estate business; splendid opportunity; steady
man. Calif. Business Assn., 865% Market.
HOTEL, 120 rooms; fine bar trade: clears $lC00
a month. Calif. Business Asen., SC5% Market.
FOR ealc — Butcher shop In good location;
horse, wagen, good furniture and family
trade; rent $15; price $800; worth $]000. In-
quire at MrUP.IDE & CO.'S. 7C5 Market st.
$300— PARTXER wanted in light business; $18
to $25 a week, with chance to make $35 In
short time; plain, steady man will find this
a. chance worth taking. 25 Geary st., rm. 4..
CIGAR store, best bargain In city for email
amount of money; owner sick In bed; must
«:: cheap. 1016 Market et., room 10.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor at., clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m..
LIXCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlat;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEX you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleiriert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market, bet.8th&9th;tel. Howard 2912.
ADVAXCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIX'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet- cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.: teL Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— Xo charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 4090, near Xoe — Cottage 3
rooms; no children. Apply 40SS 26th at.
WELL-FURXISHED modern cottage: gas;
piano; yard; $20: Castro-st. car. 4331 23d st.
______
ELECTRO-DEXTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
li-ssly; .teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager, j
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. lANDER-
SOX. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
' r'^tes. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
rimted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUXG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
cortet-maklng taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
~~ KDtJCATIONAL.
KIEALD^S^SCHOOL OF~ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A— IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
nets College, 1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSIXESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed by official court reporters.
1382 Market at.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MIXES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . y
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
St., for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
EXGIXEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Xaillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUXTIXG — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEX Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg.. penmanship; posit'n when qualified.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
LEARX ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI- i
FORXIAAD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024, Mission, nr.gth.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or" personally,
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery St.
VIOLIX. mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 100S Mission: instruments selected. |
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863: new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — J^panespTcW-
Etse help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072. ,
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish m03t
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st.; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED KJEMALH.
SWEDISH housegirl; good cook; references.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt.
SWEDISH second girl, good waitress, $20;
references. MRS. XORTOX. 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook; boarding-house or hotel;
references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED — Positions by man and wife; wife Is
a good cook and experienced in ge»eral
housework; man good driver and thoroughly
understands care. of horses; handy man
around private place; -city or country. Box
484, Call office. .'
ELDERLY woman wants situation to assist
in housework, country; references. Box 294,
Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day,
washing. Ironing or house-cleaning; $1 and
car fare. Address box 282, Call.
A YOUNO woman with a little girl wishes sit-
uation In a private family. Call room 27M-,
474 Xinth St., Oakland.
WOMAX with boy 17 years old wants position
packing fruit in country; experienced. 819
Howard st. •
A COMPETENT woman wants to take charge
of house in absence of owner; references
Box 279, Call office. - ;
GOOD laundress wants work by the day; $1 10
per day; no postals answered. 605 Minna St.,
near Seventh.
WAXTED— By reliable woman, a position to
wash dishes in hotel or restaurant. 49 Minna.
WORK wanted by the week, day or half-day.
Call at 1003 Clay St., room 9.
GIRL 12 years old wishes position to care for
baby 3 or 4 years old. 444 Jessie at.
SITUATIOX wanted by a Swedish girl, Juat
arrived from Sweden, to do general houseworii
and cooking. Address V. E., 1022 Florida st.
SITUATIOX as nurse, night or day; good ref-
erences. 30 San Carles av.
WAXTED — By a competent woman, situation
as housekeeper In Institution, hotel or gen-
tleman's family; is also good nurse and seam-
stress. Apply at 715 Hampshire st. ,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus -and baggage to and from ferry.
WAXT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 039 McAllister st.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
GOOD all-round German gardener, sober and
industrious, can milk If desired, wants situ-
ation; best of references. Box 278. Call. .
GROCERY clerk with city experience wishes
position; wages no object. Address C, 2222
Jackson st.
PRACTICAL gardener wishes a situation; ref-
erences. Address PAUL SCHOOF, 30-32 Ellis
St., Baldwin House. . v
BAKER, foreman. Al man, wants place; city
or country; Is steady and reliable. Address
Baker, 225 Third st.. Oakland. , '
FIRST-CLASS bandsawyer and machine man.
Apply to W. J. C, 548 Bryant st
WORK wanted by a man who is partly em-
ployed; chores about houce, used to tools, etc.;
references: small wagea. Address Lewis,
1127 Mission at.
PRACTICAL all-round gardener desires a po-
sition on private place; can milk and do
other work If required; moderate wages ex-
pected; good references. Box 215, Call office.
SITUATIOX wanted by experienced 'young
f florist and gardener, to take charge of big
place, either private or commercial; ' single;
good references. Address G. D., box 272, Call
_ EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man of good education and experience
desires position as assistant cashier or book-
keeper. Box 216. Call office^
WAXTED — Position by a first-class man as
head setter or screw turner in saw mill. Ad-
. dress box 266, Call office. J
POSITIOX wanted by an experienced butcher,
cutter . and sausage maker; country prq-
f erred. 627 Wisconsin st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. - .¦' '¦
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and (
eold; stock accepted for servlcea. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MIXING AND IX VESTMENT CO..- 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
SUNNY modern north side flat, 6 rooms, $22 50.
5 rooms, near Hibernla Bank, $20.
7-room cottage, Webster St., $25.
$45— Elegant 8-room flat, 23 Scott st.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. .
, A NEW 8-room flat; modern In every way:
23 Scott st. Telephone" SPECK & CO.. 667
Market st.
UPPER sunny flat 4 rooms, gas, hot and cold
water; ash man free. 22 Summer St., near
Eighth.
A — DOWNTOWN cozy flat of 7 rooms and
bath; cheap. 1219 Geary at., near Franklin.
A DOWXTOWX cozy flat of 5 rooms and bath;
cjieap. 1219A Geary st., near Franklin.
MCALLISTER, 38— Flat newly furnished; all
improvements.
$20 — SUXXY upper flat' 5 rooms, bath and
yard. 28 Shotwell at/, near Fourteenth.
I 3 SUNNY flats, 4 rooms; newly renovated. 71i
Xatoma St.: rent S14.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975, opp. Jefferson Sq. —
Upper Sunny modern flat of 5 rooms and bath
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2833 and 2829 Washington at. >
TEXTH. 435— Flat, 6 rooms, .bath and laundry.
UPPER 4-room *flat and bath; rent $15. 336
Tehama st.
FLATS TO 'LET — FURNISHED.
FELL, 1830, opp. Panhandle — Furnished flat. 6
rooms and bath; phono and piano; rent $40
per month. ASHTOX & GARDIXER, 411
Montgomery st.
TO let — Furnished flat of 6 ! rooms, bath and
laundry; r«;nt low. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock at 79 South Park.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FOUR-ROOM flat," new furniture; rent $17 50.
Xo. 1233 Vallejo St.; Hyde-st. car line.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE^
FOR sale or exchange — Equity In 6-room cot-
tage In Berkeley, with modern Improvements;
want business or clear lots. T. K. BESS.
425 Montgomery st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with Xo. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
I . GLOVES.
. TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
i »^— —^ — —^—
' HELP' -WANTED — FEMALE.
; ' AT~c7^rThANSEX & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head 'waitress, cafe. Southern California,
, arm and check work, -no Sunday work.... $40
2 head waitresses '. $35-$40
Crew of waitresses, summer resort $25
2 waitresses, watering resort, fare 1 way.. $20
; Waitresses, city, country and springs hotels,
$20 and $30
pantry woman, springs S20
Laundress, country hotel $25
4 extra waitresses $1 50 day
Chambermaid and assist, plain place, coun-
; try $26
1 >* FAMILY DEPARTMENT
; Woman cook for men on fruit ranch, ' $20;
woman with a child, fare paid, $15; 2 house-
girls,- same country town, fare paid, small
• families, $20 each; an Eastern nurse girl with
references. $15-$20; cook, ' American family,
"city, $30, and others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 429 Bush St., opp. California Hotel; bet. :
Kearny st. and Grant ave.
• WAITRESSES for first-class springs, moun-
1 tain and water resorts, commercial and city
hotels; $25 and $20; all fares paid to country.
! ¦ MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
EXTRA waitresses^ $1 50 for 10 days' work.
• MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL, 3 In family, no washing, Sausa-
llto, for the summer, $30. MRS. M. E. DAY.
335 Geary st.
PRIVATE family waitress to go camping.
MRS..M. E. DAY. 335 Geary St. _^
: WANTED — Laundress, $30; 2 waitresses for
summer resorts. $20; pantry girls, $20; cham-
bermaid. $20, same place, go to-day, see party
! at office 11 o'clock; cook for resort, $40; 4
second girls, $20-$25; nurseglrl, $25; nurse for
children's home, $20; 5 waitresses for city
hotels. $20-$25; 2 head waitresses, $25-$35;
cook for 12 men, $30; 2 chambermaids and
waiting, country hotel, $20; also a large num-
ber of girls for, all kinds of^housework; call
to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH l
'¦ YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE :
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
» ST.; MR. DAVIS.
r, WANTED — Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD'
i & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Vest operators and vest flnlsherr;
also aDnrentices to learn. Apply factory
t S. X. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
' WAXTED — Pupils for practical millinery,
school; class forming for fall work; estab. 14
, years; terms easy. 1000 Van Xess ave.
WANTED — Lady assistant bookkeeper, whole-
sale commission house. J. O. MEYERINK,
428 Sansome St.
' GIRL to assist with housework, 8 to &; sleep
. home; $10. 812 Taylor st. .
} GIRLS from 16 to 17 for factory work. Apply
at once. AMES &, HARRIS. 100 Sacramento.
1 WAXTED— Good restaurant waitress. 7 Tay-
' lor st. ; wages g7 a week.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; 2 In
j family; gas stove. 862 Lombard st. •
< YOUXG lady who understands sewing, to assist
dressmaker: permanent position. 836 Turk.
) FIRST-CLASS waist hand and Improvers. MRS*.
: 'R. J. STACY. 116 Stockton st.
• EXPERIEXCED saleslady wanted In hosiery,
veiling and ribbons. Box 280, Call office.
r WAXTED — Woman to wash napkins; wages
$20. 517 Montgomery st.
t WAXTED— Girl for light housework; good
: home. 1515 Grove at.; near Baker.
¦ STRONG young woman as assistant In res-
• taurant pantry. 725 Market at.
• WAXTED— 2 lady barbers at 262 O'Farrell st.;
1 pay good wages.
• WAXTED— Girl for bakery and coffee parlor,
with experience. 127 Fifth st.
- FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; none. others
) - need apply. BARON. 22 Grant ave.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; halrdressing.
t manicuring, massage, halrwork taught in 2
weeks: price $3 50; employment guaranteed;
j class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-16.
• LADIES to- learn barber trade;- only two
months required: SDecial offer this month:
! hairdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College, 035 Clay at.
I Halrdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, halrwork; splendid position In stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.; '1
. weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. t)4.
? WAXTED— 10 girls to make fruit baskets. Ap-
ply to-day. Western Basket Mfg. Co., «60
. Bryant St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
" GIRL with reference: good cook; part house-
work; $30. Call from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.,
2201 -Broderlck St.. cor; Washington.' -
a NEAT reliable woman toenter*lnto new busi-
ness; must be willing to leave town, if
. necessary. Box 204. Call office. '
' APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
. learning. 541 Market St.. upstalm.
. WAXTED — A bright business woman to travel
' In California. Box 271. Call.
J WAXTED — Reliable waitress for a saloon ;
. usual commission. .Apply 70 Jackson st.
y EXPERIENCED" finishers on custom pants;
' steady work. 854 Howard st
• TALEXTED amateur performers. Apply at
• Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no ohject.
; j GIRL for general housework; Scandinavian or
1[ German preferred. SG4. McAllister at.*. :,;
HELP WANTED— MALE — Con. ,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.' 429 Bush sL
Between Kearny st. and Grant ave
Opposite California Hotel
FREE FARE FREE FARb
We Ship To-Day
For Nevada For Nevada For Nevada
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
500 teamsters $2 and $2 25 a .day
500 laborers $2 a day
500 concrete men $2 25 a day
500 rockmen $2 to $3 a day
100 plowholders and wheeler loaders
$2 25 a day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
...We Ship To-Day --
For California For California
...CHATSWORTH PARK BIG TUNNEL...
SCO drillers, headers, corner men and mucker3
$2 to $3 a day
Camp cook, $50; night camp cook. $10. and
camp kitchen hand. $30. fare Is paid ¦•¦¦
2 blacksmiths' helpers..$2 a day and free fare
Free Fare Free Fare. Free Fare
WE SHIP TO-DAY •
6 carpenters, country, $3 a day; 20 men to
work around country sawmill, $2 to $2 »3 a
day; 20 laborers, near city. $2 a day; -0
farmers, milkers and choremen. $2o to_ $4o;
5 men to work around grounds, country not^'>
$25 and found; 6 blacksmiths, country, $-
and $3 a day; 10 teamsters, city. $2 a day: ,
3 coachmen and gardeners. $25 and $30 and
found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook for summer resort, $45; 10 waiters, coun-
try, $25 to $35; 20 dishwashers and vegetable- ,
men for resorts and springs. $25 and $o0;
2 plain laundrymen, springs. $30
.Male Entrance, 12 Berry st
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 429 BU3h st.
A YOUNG man with city experience to take
charge of a department carrying ladies' un-
derwear, hcslery, gloves, veiling, corsets, etc.
WEINSTOCK, LUBIN & CO.. cor. Market
and Taylor sts. :1->*«V ' m
A NO. 1 salesman, experienced In stationery,
leather goods and novelties; must be up-to-
date window dresser; good permanent posi-
tion to right man. Call at 543 Clay at., be-
tween 10 and 12. . j
WANTED — Steady man with $150 for plain
light business that will easily pay $7o per
month: must be reliable and attend strictly
to business. 765 Market st., room 3.
$60— GOOD chance for a steady man: cigar
store; cheap rent: no night work; full value
given in stock at wholesale price. Inquire
257 Fourth St.. near Folsom.
A YOUNG man to assist designing Interiors
. and store fixtures. Apply, stating experi-
ences, at L. & E. EMANUEL, Inc., 4o2
Fourth s^ _j
WANTED— Young, steady, sober. Industrious
seafaring men to work at ship rigging. Apply
to 46 Steuart st.
YOUNG man for saloon; $25 and room; no
Sunday work. 100 Mission st.
WANTED — A boy In a large exporting house.
Box 281. Call.
WANTED— A tailor on coats at 520 Kearny
st.. first floor, room 1.
WANTED— A bootblack. Barber shop, 102
Geary st.
A BARBER wanted to run a shop. 521 Eighth
street.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 211 Scott st.
WANTED — A porter. Apply 1837 Flllmore *t.,
bet. Bush and. Sutter, bet. 1 and 5 p. m.
DISHWASHER for Busy Kitchen Restaurant.
311 Montgomery st.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry tray. 39
Eddy st.
WANTED — Locksmith or a vise hand. 1706
Dwight way, Berkeley, Cal.
STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
month year around. Apply 268 Minna at.
GOOD man with $100 to take half Interest in
gcod office business. Call 88 Third st.
$25 — MAN take Interest light manufacturing
business: $50 month. 737 Howard, room 64.
$45 — CIGAR store; well stocked; must be sold-
thls week; good bargain.- Call at 622 Fourth.
BARBERS — Good location on water front; $10;
must sell to-day. 236 East St.. near Folsom.
TO let — For barber shop; rent cheap. Inquire
40S Folsom st. ;
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
CO-OPERATIVE Employment Bureau — Ships
to Nevada; free fare. See S. S. SAALBURG,
17 Steuart st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and r«;ad English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213, Call.
MEX to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
month. Moler System College, 635 Clay »t.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know-
that I'd Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Bright, trustworthy man of good
address as partner for plain office work: $250
cash required. Call 318 Kearny St.. room 1.
WANTED — Experienced packer in a wholesale
dry goods house; give references when mak-
lng application. Box 269. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Produce commission; first-
class man; state salary, experience. Address
box 274. Call office.
BARBER — First-class and fast workman-
state wages, including board. C. C. JOR-
DAN, St. Helena. Cal.
WANTED— Bright, Intelligent office boy for
large wholesale and retail establishment
Box 265. Call.
WANTED — 2 young men: good references;
hours C to, 12 p. m.; apply by letter only.
BACIGALUPI. 840 Market st.
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels. 40c per 100. Tosemitu Towel
Supply Co.. 70S McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED by Master Plasters' -Association—
Union lathers. $2 50 per M. Box IS. Build-
ers' Exchange, 1110% Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Man with $50: take cash cigar
stand. $50 month. BROWN. 1S21 Market st.
COACH body maker at O'BRIEN'S, Golden
Gate ave. and Polk st.
WANTED — Man who understands the florist
. business. 600 Haight st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale cheap. 823
Bryant st.
PAXTSMAKERS to take work out. 041 Mar-
ket st.. upstairs.
WANTED — An all-round Jeweler. Apply J. N.
PHILLIPS. 627 J St.. Sacramento. '
ALL sizes men's shoe", slightly damaged, half
price. 6C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard St.
PF.NSION atty;. E. A. Bullls. room 40 Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
CCO MEX to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
BOo vp; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2<5. Steuart st.
GET your, shces half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 5 S3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
kf-t — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch- office. 2200 Fnimore-.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS. "
THREE well-matched stylish carriage teams?
average weight 2500 pounds: perfectly train-
ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 handi.
averaga weight 2450; six work horses, averngs
weight 1400. and six fine large driving horses
just from the country: these are all well
broken; trials given. Call at OCCIDENTAL
- HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G LAYNG Pro-
prietor. 246 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 'How-
ard st.
A LOT of horses for sala at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— One team 7-year-old. Jet black well
matched horses, weislng about 1400 pounds
each. For further information apply to J.
B. COSTA. Duttons Landing, Cal.
YOU can find what you want In the horse line
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
t.t.. near Third: phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard— Just arrived.
*»veral fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor.' 11th.
BIG plow horse. $35; buggy. $15; double har-
ness. $15; harness, $0; pole, $6. 79 City Hall
avenue.
San Francisco Veterinary. College— Fourth ses-
jlon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PAXCOAST. Sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— Fine buggy, horse. Corner Twen-
ty-slxth and Alabama sts.
-Largest stock 2d-hand wagons buckboard sur-
rey . harness, work. driving horst s. ISth&Valencla.
AX Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
: ' •--¦¦..
- BCSIXBSS_ CHANCES-— Cqntlime*. _
A — SALOON In wholesale district, near Sacra-
mento and Front sts. ; must be sold on ac-
count of other business. • • • / Branch
bakery, notions and laundry; good locality;
lfving-rooms; rent $16. • • • Delicates-
sen and dairy produce In good neighbor-
hood; well paying. • • • y 0T particulars
call on JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st. -
SPECIAL bargain — Saloon, worth $500, for
S300; must be sold at once; party going east
to look after real estate. Call or add. H. S.,
602 y, Third st.; no agents.
RESTAURANT for sale: cheap rent; good busl-
ness; owner going north. 618 Sixth et.
$8500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
street, clearing $650 monthly net; whole or
half interest; partner going to Europe; no
agents. Box 275. Call office. '
$50 MONTHLY & board — Partner wanted with
$150; pleasant work: estab. business; young
man preferred. Apply 255 Kearny, r. 4.
A 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; old stand;
retiring from business. Address 642 East
Main et.. Stockton.
CIGAR store, best bargain in city for small
amount of money; owner sick in bed; must
sell cheap. 1016 Market St., room 10.
FINE chicken ranch for sale; also the furni-
ture of a 4-room house. Inquire at S. E corner
Giraxd and Bacon ete., San Bruno road.
A — WANTED — Bright trustworthy man of good
addregB as partner for plain office work; $250
cash required. Call 31S Kearny St., room 1.
KOUTE in Western Addition: building up dis-
trict : reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
20 ROOMS; clears $60 .._ $200
18 rooms; just listed 650
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100... 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
40 rooms; $1000 cash: balance monthly. 2200
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
006 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
REDUCED to $1075; 14 rooms, furnished ele-
gantly; $350 cash; bal. monthly. RETSLOFF.
$S50 — 25 ROOMS; a good-paying investment
for right party. See Retsloff, 806 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
See — these — samples — we — have — 471 — others.
9 r. : owner sick bed; all men roomers.. $250
80 r. ; a popular corner; money-maker.. $2600
50 r. ; a splendid corner; house full of nice
people and fine furniture; 27 bay-wln.$4000
25 r.; rent $35; clean; hsekpg; In. $97.. $1500
19 r.; 5 blocks n. of Market; thoroughly nice
and respectable; sunny side st. ; rent only
$75; good furniture: elegant folding beds;
terms $800 cash, $500 at 7 per cent.. $1300
17 r.; trn.; clears $81; n. Mkt.; cor.; $45. $850
MITCHELL & HORXLEIN, 120G Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. .$850
20 rooms; sunny; gv-od render 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown : good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at l^a per cent per month.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.$6500
000 rooms; corner house; for men S5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms: rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market et. and 8 Stockton sL.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned, m per cent.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
S50 Market st. — (Inc.). . .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
¦¦ New houses to lease.
BARGAINS and many choice Investments In
first-clas« lodging and boarding houses at all
times: bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly' call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market et., bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone M'nt 1911. .
A — KREDO & CO Money to Loan
S09 Market St.. Flood Building.
Big list at our office Exclusively
12 rooms; Sheriff's sale; new; best offer.
48 rooms; hotel and bar: $300 monthly.
A— $325: flat; central; elegant; new; cost $600.
$650—10 rooms; Post st.; rent $37 50.
HOTEL, 62 rooms, all furnished nicely. 40 now
occupied, balance transient: rent $70 per
month: price $1500; $600 cash, balance easy
payments, with interest at 5 per cent per an-
num on deferred payments. Exclusively with
I MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montgomery, room 4.
BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payment* 1 .
JG rooms: clears S40 S500
11 rooms; clears $30 $350
8 rooms;: clears $30 $300
And other bargains. 842 Howard et.
FLAT, 6 rooms: nicely furnished; all new; only
few doors from Market Et. ; rent $30 per mo.;
will sell reasonable if taken at once. 11
Sixth et. ; no agents.
7f. ROOMS; best-paying transient Kearny-st.
lodging-house; 3 years' lease; no agents. Box
222. Call.
FOR SALE — LodglT-.sr-house of 11 rooms; tran-
sient. 208 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. HOLTMAN, medium ond gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 1228 Market at.
WYLLIE. photo medium; short atay longer;
bring camera and plates; come, skeptics. 309
Turk st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY'S test seance to-night, 25c; ques-
tions answered; all affairs of life. 1052 Ellis.
Mrs. Peal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESsbR~PAUL DESTINE^
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OCCULT
COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED IN
AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the world's greatest clair-
voyant and palmist, may be consulted dally on
all affairs of life; Paul Destine is, beyond the
Rhadow of a doubt, the most scientific practic-
ing palmist and clairvoyant In the world to-
day; his information and advice on marriages,
divorce, separations, love and family affaire,
business transactions, lawsuits, mining, etc.,
are accurate and truthful: he reunites the sep-
arated, restores lost affections, causes speedy
marriages, makes you successful In your busi-
ness; gives you good luck; locates hidden treas-
ures and mines: settles old estates that time
has placed beyond the lawyer'a shrewdness: he
looks into your hand and tells you what alls
you and gives back your lost nerve and energy;
there Is no home so sad and dreary, no heart
so forsaken and lonely, no life so hard and
blighted, that cannot be set right, and kept
right, after a visit to this Inspired man of
modern times; no matter what trouble you
may have, call and he will help you, or charge
nothing for his services; "mediums developed";
readings by mall; fee within reach of all.
320 O'FARRELL ST. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, ~
THE. FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. Tf you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25o
up; guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
f< P. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$.*>: send lock of halr^ date and year of birth.
A — 25c — SPECIAL $1 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally.
1010 Mission St.. near Sixth.
PROF. VONNLTE. the wonderful Austrian
palmist and astrologist, reads In different
languages; gives perfect satisfaction. 28
Sixth St.. parlors 2 and 3,
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
rtader. bcrn with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
25c— A $1 reading this week only for 25c: ad-
vice on love and all business affairs. MME.
J. J. LYONS. 1016 Market, rooms 8 and 0.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
Et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 28.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
- 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CL > AIR Y,S Y I A^ T ' card reader; ladies and genta;
25c. 1001 Mission St. . .
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. 704 Howard.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$20—8 ROOMS and bath; 4 Codman place, off
Washington St., near Powell. . THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
EEULAH 19. near Cole — Modern house, «
rooms and bath; $35; nice neighborhood.
HOUSES TO LET — COUNTRY.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms.
bkth; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 73 Geary.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
UNFURNISHED 8-room house, on Day St..
cheao: to be removed immediately. Box
557, Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Bullterrler dog. tall and ears docked,
"brown mark on tall. Reward if returned to
116 Froat at. _^_______^____
LOST 1 gold-filled lady's watch, with chain
attached; monogram in back of case. Return
to 413 Octavia st and receive reward.
LOST June 2. from Ashby station. Berkeley, a
sorrel horse; when lost had halter with chain
attached to It. Address 1426 Howard st.
LOST — On Geary or Montgomery sts.. watch
fob with charm. Initials H. M. J., May 21,
190i. Return to 514 Hyde at.;. reward.
LOST— On Market at., lady' a barpln: 3 pearls.
2 black 1 white. Liberal reward for the re-
turn at' 154 Eddy st.
IN Mill Valley, collie dog. brown, with whlt»
lega, neck and breast. Return to 3441 Twen-
tieth St.. city; reward.
LOST — Ladles' gold watch and pin; Initials
M. S. P. 1003 Noe St.; reward.
LOST — A fine gold locket and chain, wltt pic-
ture and hair in locket; the finder will ba
rewarded for returning same to Mr3. Eu-
gene Bogy, at 24 Page st. S. F.. Cal.
LOST— <>n Monday morning's train bet. Santa
Rosa and San Francisco, one solitaire dia-
mond ring and one diamond and ruby ring;
liberal reward. 907 Market Bt.
LOST — Envelope containing Japanese notes;
liberal reward. Return to 818 O'Farrell st.
LOST — Gold watch and chain, bearing initials
-L. K." Return 1020 Greenwich; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Caae Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
unrt allver to make new watch case3.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 721 Mission: tel.Main 730.
MEDICAL.
ALL former patients of Mrs. Dr. Gwyer will ba
glad to know she has returne'd to S. F. and
opened offices for the successful treatment of
suffering humanity; those consulting her w:Il
be assured of careful and honest treatment;
consultation and advice free; private horns
for patients; office hours 10 to 12 a. m., 2 i»
5 and 7 to 8 p. in.; Sundays by appointment
only; phone Jessie 2131. Entrances to offl.-os.
rooms 25 to 28, 1504 Market St.. City Had
square and City Hall park; over Good Fel-
lows' Grotto.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are nick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; tho Unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases/ taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have' relieved thousands of most obstinata
cases; free confidential advice on all aubjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NFLL. office & residence. 1013 Mkt.. op. 5th.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most Important of modern principles In treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladies, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
noraml results; fee low. 1007% Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed: home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
10C8% Market st.. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post st., nr. Jonea.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIKS — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of .treatment. 1126 Market.
DH. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Calll
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MILLINERY. ~~~~
$500 — ESTABLISHED millinery business, stock
and fixtures if sold Immediately. Apply
room .'536. Phelan building.
S11NES A.\D MIM.YG.
SMALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the start; only small capital required; easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 1ZX
Montgomery St.. S. F.
BIONEY TO LOAS.
H^K3dANnMU^pliY7^O^6bT^xamlner^bidg!
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgage* „
Life interests in estates „
Property being held in trust „
Undivided Interests in real estate
Estates in probate — Legacies M
Assignment of rents
Life Insurance policies .,
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money «
See HERMAN MURPHY •
601-C02 Examiner buHdlr.n
A — R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
Loans nny amount at lowest rates.
Dea! direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided Interests in real estate.
On estates In probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAT.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. rvom 3.
AA--M.ANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). ~~
&CO.COO at r»i-i and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life, insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled tstates. undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOA>*
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 19,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY^
Safe Deposit bldg., 328 Montgomery at..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of Interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. new
Geary st. ; phone Red 1CC3.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and oa
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
$500,000 ENGLISH capital at low rates on CaL
realty. 1st & 2d mtgs., und'vd. Int. estates la
probate, notes, etc. Harper, 364 Parrott bids.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates: easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal -
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse-
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Los,ns to salaried
__ „.„- __ __ people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money quick:
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal:
no com. ;strtctly confidential. Tel.Black 5263.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privata
party ;_no removal: no commission; confldan-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn..
without removal; conflden. 035 Market, r. 3.
ON . f . u r? ltare# P lanos : lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister at.
Z% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up: no remo^l.
Phone Black 1700; room 81. g Eddy, floors.
M ??.*T y -r loaned sala ried people without security.
Hli-L. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
°£. I LR er cent on furniture: $5 a. month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
- lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser; Eastera
Plan. V/estern Loan Co., 309 Phel*n tlig. .
HRLP .WAKTKn PEMALB— fi<m.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced shlrtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st. /
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. -
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY . 634-636 Clay st^
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phone Main 5S48.
LIST OF JOBS READY DAILY AT' 7 A. M.
Office Open 7 a. m.
SHIP R. R/MEN FREE to-day to
Reno, Vista, Clark, Wadsworth Rokeby,
Moleen, Ditha, Elcho, Iron Point, Battle
Mountain, Palisade. -
COME ONE COME ALL
A thousand teamsters, free $2 25 day
600 rockmen and drillers, tree
$2 25 to $2 50 day
• 75 car dumpers, fare $2 25 day
350 laborers for concrete work. $2 to $2 50 day
Blacksmith for R. R. camp, Nevada, $60 and
found
FREE FARE TO
SALT LAKE Arizona NEVADA
20 teamsters, R. R. work, near Prescott,
i $2 a day
2 camp blacksmiths, Arizona. .$60 and found
SANTA FE.
25 laborers for section and ballast work.
• Free fare. Get one of our lists.
MINES
15 laborers to work around mine, no expe-
rience required, steady job, wages $40 to $52
and found; 5 miners, north, $75; o miners,
gold mine, $2 50 day; S furnace men, quick-
silver mine, $75; 20 drillers, $2 to $2 50.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERS
Lists ready at 7 a. m. every day
Pattern maker Blacksmiths
Pattern maker, country machine shop, $3 50
to $4 day; blacksmith, camp, near city, $90:
blacksmith, small country shop, $10 and
found; blacksmith, sawmill; 10 blacksmiths,
camps, shops and ranches; engineer, run
steam roller, $3 day; engineer for traction
¦ erglne, $90; donkey engineer; 2 brick mold-
ers; edgerman, sawmill, $3 day; call for a
list of jobs
LABORERS
TEAMSTERS
• 20 laborers, factory, near city, $26 and found;
5 laborers, dig ditches, large ranch, $30;
457 laborers, city and country, $2 to 375 and
found; teamster, mine, tee boss here; 79 team-
sters, . different jobs, city and country, $2,
$2 50, $30 to ?40 and found ,.
MISCELLANEOUS . . .t
Teamster for mine company, see boss here;
man for coal yard, city; 3 brick wheelers,
j brick yard; janitor, city hotel; 3 laborers,
factory, city; 3 milk wagon drivers, city:
7 stablemen, city and country stable, $35
and $40 and found, etc
SAWMILLS
...REMEMBER WE PAY YOUR FARES...
6 laborers, sawmill, Sonoma, see boss at our
office; 479 men to work In sawmills, yards
and woods to run machines, pile lumber and
make themselves useful; no experience re-
quired; 47 different sawmills, all parts of
California
WAGES $30 TO $R5 AND FOUND
Experienced Sawmill Help
3 shingle packers, $52 and found; edgerman,
see boss here, $3 day; '3 setters, see boss
here, $3 day; 10 tree fallers, $45; 15 crosscut
sawyers, $45: S barkers; 10 lumber graders,
$75;. 2 trimmers: drag sawyer, $75 and found;
35 lumber pliers. $b'0, $40 and found /...
FARMS HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
DAIRIES CHOREMEN j
325 men to work In the hay and harvest
fields, run mowers, etc; wages $1 25, $1 50
and $2 day and found
47 farmers, steady jobs year around, $30 and
$35 and found
140 men for fruit farms
73 milkers, $40 and $'!5 and found; 3 "cheese
and butter makers: choreman, private place,
$30 and found; 25 choremen and boys,
ranches and private places; milker and wife,
• see boss here, $45 and found; farmer and
wife, fare 50c, see boss h<»re. $45 and found
. HOTELS, ETC
Camp cooks.. Cooks on boats. .Ranch cooks
9 ranch cooks, $25, $30 and $40 and found;
2 cooks for boats; cook for dredger. 5 men,
$"0 and found: 3 cooks for hay press crews.
$30; cook, hotel, south, see boss here, $45 and
found: 19 cooks, other jobs, city and country,
$35. $40 and $50; 24 waiters, city and coun-
try. $25. $35 and $40; camp, waiter, $25, city;
2 waiters, boat; 3 cake bakers; 3 bread bak-
ers: 27 dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc.;
butcher, country shop.
WHY
Should you get your jobs from us?
BECAUSE
We have the most work to select from, best
Jobs and biggest wages.
Get one of our lists 7 a. m.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clayst.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
59 3d St., near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
Teamsters and laborers for railroad
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare ...; Free fare
Office fee 51; no other expenses
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men.. ?2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers. .$2 25 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendoclno County Big Sawmill
60 railroad laborers... <C6 per month & board
12 sawmill and woodsmen .*.
...$26 to ?C5 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
FOR LUMBER WOODS
Full crew for new lumber camp; 50 barkers,
crosscutters, chain tenders, Jackscrew men,
timber fellers, swampers, $40 to $60 per
month and board.
FOR SAWMILL
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
5 carpenters, company work, long job....
$3 50 per day
RANCH HANDS
50 hay hands, $1 25 to $1 50 per day and
board
10 laborers, concrete work $2 per day
25 laborers, rock quarry $2 per day
Cook for country $55 per month
Man apd wife and helper to qook for 80 men
and small family $100 per month
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
A — PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638
Clay St.; phone Main 1191.
700 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen, steam
shovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 50 day
Free fare Ship to-day
To Wadsworth. Rokeby, Battle Mountain,
....Palisade, Carlinand Moleen. fee $1;.V".
..200 railroad men, S. P. Co.'s own work..
..'..Coast division; free fare; ship to-day...
To San Luis Oblspo, Edna. Cuesta. Goleta,
Spenee," Bradley and San Andro
7 boys to learn trades, S4 to $9 per week;
14 laborers for mine, north. : $2 day
43 laborers and miners, south. $2 to $2 50 day
17 quarrymen» long job $2 day
7 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co.. .$2 50 cord
2 men to clear land...... $30 acre
1 "Iron molder $3 day
1 carriage painter.'. $3 day
2 milkers for Oregon, fare paid
C tanbark men for Wllllts $45 and found
20 men for Napa Co ; $co
10 men to clean brick •.
4 tlemakers $.15 and found
1 tie sledder ...$40 and found
7 tlemakers .....:12c to 18c each
1 tailor for Butte County.
2 cooks, second and third. $45 and $35 & fd
1 waiter, C-day restaurant $10 week
1 elevator boy $12 and found
Cooks, waiters, etc
Call and read our bulletins
CAN-WASHI3R, $30 and found: 2 milkers and
wives, $45; farmer and wife, $30: 2 men and
wives', private families, $40 and $50; garden-
er,- $35; 2 men about place, $25 and $30;
farmers, $25, $30 and $1 25 and $1 50 day;
buggy washers, $2 day: 2 ranch choremen,
\S26 and $30; milker, small dairy, $30; man
to cultivate orchard. $30, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
SECOND cook, country resort. $40; camp cook,
$55; 2 restaurant cooks, $60 and $70 and $11
week;, hotel pastry cook. $40: boarding-house
cook, $40; 6 hotel waiters, $25 and $30; Jani-
tor. $30 and room; porters. $20 and found:
dishwaehers, and others. J. F. CROSETT
&. CO., 628 Sacramento st.
GREEK Interpreter pnd clerk: blacksmith,
city, $2 50 day; 3 ranch blacksmiths, $40 and
board; blacksmith helpers, $2 day: wheel-
wright for ranch, $40 and board; carpenters,
$3 50 to $4 day branch hands: screw turner
for mill; lumber sorters; lumbar pliers; la-
borers for mill and woods, $15 and board:
laborers for country, $2 day. free fare: 10
teamsters, $2 25 day. free fare; machine
¦ miner. $3 day: laborers for factory, and cth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 STOCKTON ST~
For first-class hotels, clubs and restaurants —
Pot-wa«hers. $30: vegetablemen, $25: assist-
ant cook. $30; dlFhwashcrs, $20 to $30; extra
kitfhen hands. £1 CO day: ' extra waiters,
$1 50 a day: waiter. $9 week and $40 month.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 31C STOCKTON ST\
Butler, country, $40; gardener, city. $25:
man to tend garden, etc., ?20: Dorter for
liquor store, $40; elevator boy, $20. ¦
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12
Porter, country hotel, $30; clerk, $15; bell
boy, $1:0; fireman, $25.
A HEADWAITER for resort: $50; sae party
here. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
WANTED— -tlonest man with $125; duties will
be to take cash and assist in restaurant;
$tO month, • board and room; no experience
necessary. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market, st.
AN experienced solicitor of good address, sober
and honest, for tea. coffee and wine busings
as partner; $300-$5G0 required. Box 283, Call.
WANTED — Strong boy about 18 years old for
office and store work. Anply after 10 a m
at 110 Clay st. . , .
WANTED — Basterson coats. S. N. WOOD &
CO., Geary st.
WANTED— Good- busheliran. S. N. WOOD &
\ CO.. 27 Geary st.
FOR restaurants — Cooks. . waiters, porters,
• kitchen help; no fee. .520 Montgomery st.:'
PANTS maker for country. Apply REISS
, BROS.. 24 Sutler st.COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
yesterday. There were sales of Mutual Bank
at $80 and of London. Paris and American
Bank at $168. Speculation in local securities
of all kinds has been remarkably dull of late
• Alaska Packers will pay its one hundred and
second dividend, amounting to $1, on the 12th.
The following quotations for United Kail
ways of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New- York by Bolton.de Ruyter & Co.:
Common stock. $2tj 12^'32B 60; preferred.
?C5 2M2fio CO; bonds. $91 25®9X 50; subscrip
tions. $102 7S%@103 12}i-
STOCK x AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. -• TUESDAY. June 3. 2 p.m.
TJNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .110^111 Is <jr cp(new)136 13T
4s qr reg.... 109^110 ISs qr coup.. 107% 108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 92*4 — Oceanic S 5s. 97*4100
Bay CPC 53.108^108^ Omnibus 6s.. — 130
C C G&E 5S.105& — Pac G Itn 4s. 9T —
Cal-st 5a . . .119 — Pk & C H 6s — 110%
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pk & O R 6s — 125
Ed L t- P 6a. - — Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 5s. 101 101ft
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 SF & SJV5s.l22ft —
H C&S 5>£s.lO2 — Sierra Cal 6s — 116ft
Do 5s — 97% S P of A 6» '
L Ane R 5s.llS%ll!»Vi (1909) 113%114ft
L. A L Co 63103 105 (1910) ....115 —
Do fftd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do Ktd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A.106ft —
L A & P 5S.104 — (1910)Sr B. — , —
Do lcm 5s.lO3 — <1906> — 110ft
Mkt-st C 6s. — 12D (1912) 120% —
Do lcm 5S.120V4 — S P of C 1st
N Rof C 6s.ll2 — c gntd 5s. — —
Do fia 121%— Do stmpd.109% —
N Pac C 5s.H0 110ft SP Br Cal 6s. 139% 140
NCR 5s — — S V Wat 6s.llO%112
Oak Gas 5a. — 113V* Do 4a 2dm. — —
Oak Trn 6s.. 124% — Do 43 3dm. 101 101ft
Do 1st c5s.ll3%114t 3 Stkn G&E 6slO2 104
Oak W G 5s. 103% 104^
WATER STOCKS.
Centra Ccsta 74 77 [Port Costa.. 63*-S m
Marin Co 59 — [Spring Val.. — 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
-Cent L & P. 2^ — |Pac L Co... 4S 50
Eqt G L Co. 3Vs 3^1 Sac E G&R. 3» —
Mutual — 4%IS F G & E. 44V % 44<!i
0 G L & H. 62 6-JJ/j 3 F G L Co. 5% 5»fc
Pac G Imp. — 39y t IStktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.2C0 — (
BANKS.
Am B & T..100 113 1 First Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90V, L P & A. . .l«8>-jl"0
Bank of Cal.42S 432% Her Ex (llq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.l21Vi — 'S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German .'..1990 — jSav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — 'Security Sav34O 390
Mutual Sav. — 83 i Union Trst.lSSO —
S F Sav U..523 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — -.Market 99%101
Geary ...... — — |Presidio .... 40 —
POWDER.
Giant 70 70-Tk' Vigor it 3%. 4ft
SUGAH. »
Hana 3?; 4Vi]Kllauea — - 10
Hawaiian .. — 37^ MakaweU ...2SY 9 24<i
Honokaa ... 11 V* 11 v* Onoirna .... 24 25
Hutchinson ..12'i — [Paauhau ... 12& —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 160 Pac A FA. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 8O*»1O2V Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.100 100% Par Paint . . 26 —
Oceanic S Co — 30
Mornine Session.
• " ' Board —
! 10 Cal Wine Assn 100 62!4
IS Cal "Wine Assn 100 50
5 Giant Powder Con 70 25
75 Honokaa Co It 25
5 Mutual Savings Bank SO 01)
25 Oakland Gas «2 5O
<1000 S F & S J V bonds 122 50
$4000 S F & S J V bonds 122 75
$1000 S V 4s (2d mtge) 102 62ft
Street —
50 L P & A Eank .". 163 00
100 Mutual Savings Bank SO 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — I
25 Giant Powder Con »0 23
5 Hutchln3on S P Co 1 13 00
S1000 Oakland Transit 6» J .125 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. 44 50
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE. J
' Mornlnjr Session.
Board —
2300 Bear Flag W
100 Home 3 3*
10O Home, b 90 3 40
500 Junction 23
550 Monarch of Arizona 18
1000 Reed Crude • ••• 34
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Home 3 20
100 Sovereign 31
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
1000 Belcher . . 03 1 300 Mexican 81
300 Bullion '. OS 400 Mexican 52
500 Caledonia .... 79> 3W Potosl ........ 35
100 Caledonia .... "S 200 Silver Hill... 43
100 Con Cal & V..1 4o! 100 Union Con... 23
Afternoon Session. ¦
1C0 Crown Point.. 06 1 300 Overman .... 25
100 Gould & Cur. 11 COO Potost 34
600 Justice 04' 900 Silver Hill... 45
300 Mexican &! 500 Utah 01
The following were the sales In the Paciflc
Stock Exchange yesterday: , .:,. ; ;
Morning Session.' :>-_".'
300 Best & Belch. 17 200 Ophlr .1 32*4
100 Caledonia 7S 500 Overman .... 26
200 Challenge 17 200 Silver Hill... 44
700 Mexican 51 500 Yellow Jacket 20
200 Ophlr 1 27V4
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 05 1000 Justice ...... 03
200 Male & Norc. 40 200 Mexican 62
200 Hale & Norc. XI 100 Potosi U
200 Hale & Norc. 39
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jnne 3 — t p. m.
Bid. Ask. I ' .-> Bid. A»k.
Alpha 02 »tt! Justice 04 05
Alta -06 07iKentuck 01 02
Andes 02 Kl Lady Wash ... — 04
Belcher • 04 05; Mexican 53 54
Best & Belch. 10 17' Occidental ... 20 23
Bullion 02 arOphir 1 30 1 3*
Caledonia 75 77 j Overman .... 24 23
Challenge 15 17; Potosi 32 34
Chollar 17 1S_ Savage ...... 14 13
Confidence ... 60 fi5 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 43!?cg Belcher... 02 fti
Con Imperial. — x 02j Sierra Nev... l» 20
Con New Yk. — «2i Stiver Hill... 44 43
Crown Point.. 05 07;StLoul» 06 —
Eureka Con.. IS — Syndicate — 0?
Exchequer .. 01 021 Union • Con. .. .•»*• ""*»
1 Goald & C5ur. 11 12 Utah
Hale & Norc 40 41 Yellow Ja--"
Julia .....*.. — 04
iSSShceF"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
11
ROOMS ' '.^OR-.^P.ySEKEEJPIWG-~Con.
MISSION, 1125%— Large front room for house-
: keeping, $2 per week. . , .
OAK, 117 — Newly furnished sunny suite, $12-$S;
'eink^gas range; phone; laundry;, bath."
1800 PINE, cor. Hyde— 2 sunny front corner,
'connecting "furnished rooms; gas range; $17.
SEVENTH, 17S— Large sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; stationary tubs; large
" yard. • ¦ ' '¦" ¦ ¦
SUTTER, 313 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms, $12. ' -
TEHAMA, 478, nr. Sixth— 2 or 3 sunny housc-
keeping rooms; rent : reasonable ;< no children.
TURK. 1291 — Large unfurnished double pai>
lors,/- small room adjoining,- gas-range; -suit-
able for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Calladvertlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ..¦-.•'- - : •
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. ana Vntarn.
ANGELUS. .Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 00 elegantly
. furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 Stockton St., bet Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
v sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to-
door; handsomest, grill room in California.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
. 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny sultas or singles; day,
week or month; bath;' phone. .832 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
niehed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooma; prices reasonable. ¦
EDDY, 730 — Elegant newly, furnished rooms in
suites or single. ¦
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, - 33c.
$1 60 night; $1 50. $« week; open all night.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 84" — Single front rooms,
furnished; opposite Jefferson .Square; refer-
, ertees required. : ..•
GOLDEN 'GATE, 1521— $20; gas and water'
free ; 4 rooms. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission— Rooms 35c to
$1 GO night: $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
LARKIN, ' 819%— Large sunny room; .suitable
'. for .2 gentlemen; gas, bath and phone; $12
per month. ¦ ¦ " ' "'"•¦¦ .." ¦
LASKIE, 27, off Mission, bet Eighth, and
Ninth— Nice sunny parlor for 1 or 2; rent $10.
MINNA. '541—2 rooms: suitable for 3 gentle-
men; bath; gas; ca!l morning or evening.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
-bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
: offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo,
O'FARRELL, 129 A, nr. Orpheum — Large sunny
front room; alap inside rooms; very reason-
able. • ¦"¦ • " /'. '¦
O'FARRELL, 224— Elegantly furnished sunny
suite on first .floor; also other rooms. ' .
PERRY, 111— "Rent ?6; nice sunny double
furnished room.* '£;
POST, 980— Sunny front room; private family;
gentleman or young lady employed during
day; modern and nice; references.
POWELL, 722 — 2 or 3 sunny furnished . rooms;
strictly private family; references exchanged.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $$; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN' Apartment Hguse, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished: also 3 unfurnished.
TO ' LET— Furnished rooms; central; private
family; reference. Address box 258. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hau been established at 10"j0
Valencia st. ' ' " • ¦ - * - • •
ROOMS AXD BOARD. '
THE^MeALLlSTER, 503 Van Nes3 ave.; Just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or singie
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references. / ......
CORBIN. The, 830 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suites; all sunny; table first class.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
FOLSOM, 1318 — Large sunny room, closet, with
board; private family;, terms reasonable.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or tlnglej steam heat. —
"HEATH," 312 Eddy St.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. . *
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny j
suites: single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS, 915— Large sunny suite; also dou-
ble and single rooms;, excellent board; reas.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 cages, cent to any address in the
United State* or Canada one year for $L '
ROOMS AXD HOARD WASTED. '
WANTED — Board and room for lady's new bi-
cycle auit; divided. Box 511, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWIXG MACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL' kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
STEXOGRAPHY AXD TYPEWRITING;
SIX Intelligent stenographers to sell patent
note, book holder to stenographers. E. V.
MENDENHALL. Golden West Hotel, mqxn-
lngs between 8 and 9. '
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post, and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
QOLJpEN WEST Storage; advances made: 840
" Mission St. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.;" phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
.GREAT^rRGAINs'lN TYPEWRITERS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
hdusn in the City; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California; telephone Main 266..
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 200 Sansome.
TYPEWItlTIXGA MLMI^O«RAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2c;mim-
_ eographlng. 927 Markt, rm.305; Howard 153!).
- DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, Sar.
Francisco, June 4, 1UU2— Dividend No. 201,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company will bo
payable at the office of said company, room
16, second ' floor. Mills building, on June" 10,
1902. Transfer books will close on June 9,
1902 at 3 o'clock p. m.',
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CON. — A dividend. No. 42, of
. fifty cents" (50c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock- of the company, has been declared
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-204-206 Hayward • building, San Fran-
j' Cisco, o:i June 10. '1012. Transfer books close
.June 3, .at noon. ' • •
.... J. R. LEAVELL. Secretary.
1 LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE^- "TO- CREDITOKs"3T£rtate~~" o^
CHARLES. McCONLOGUE, deceased. Notice
is hereby given. by th<> undersigned, JOHN
FAKNHAM. administrator of the estate of
CHARLES MqCONLOGUE, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers, within ' four
months after" the first publication, of this
notice, to the said administrator at room 7<j
Chronicle' building, the same being his place
fof the . transaction of the business of the
said estate, . In the. city and county of San
Francisco, State .of California. JOHN
FARNHAM, administrator of the estate 1 of
CHARLES .McCONLOGUE, deceased. Dated
af San Francisco, May 28, 1902. CARLTON
W, GREENE, attorney for Administrator
rooms .76 and .79, Chronicle building. ., <¦
NOTICE. TO CREDITORS— Estate of RICH-
" aBD GARLAND (alias), deceased. Notice is
hereby given . by : the. undersigned, JOHN
FARNHAM, administrator of the estate of
RICHARD GARLAND, deceased, to the
creditors' of .and all persons having claims
against the said- deceased, to exhibit them'
•with the necessary vouchers, within -.four
/months • after- the first ! publication of , thla
notice, to. the said administrator at room 79
Chronicle building, ; the same being his place
for, the transaction of the business* of the
said estate in the. city and county, of San
Francisco, State of California. JOHN FARN-
HAM,' administrator of the estate of RICH-
ARD . GARLAND, deceased. Dated at San
Francisco, . May ;28.: 1002. CARLTON W.
GREENE, .attorney for. Administrator, room.
.76 and 70, Chronicle building.-
. ! . - _ ¦ ¦-¦"¦:*
beloved wife of the late Fritz Rmnof. de-
voted mother of Frank J. and Alma Rumpf.
and aunt of Martha Wand", a native of
Hamburg, Germany, asred 50 years and 25
days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday). June 4. at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. K. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
SHELDON — In this' city, June 1. 1902, Mark.
beloved husband of Agnes Sheldon, and
father of Frank P., Joseph A. and Kath-
erlne Sheldon, and brother of Judge Joseph
Sheldon of New Haven, Conn.. . and John
-Sheldon of Buffalo, N. Y., aged 72 years 6
months and 11 days.
(CTFuneral services . to-day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, cor-
¦ ner Post and Montgomery streets, under" the
auspices of Occidental Lodge No. £2. F. and
A. M- Interment private.
SILVA— In San Brtino. Cal.". June 1, 1902.
Custodlo. dearly beloved husband of Emelia
Diaz de Sllva. and beloved father of Trini-
dad, Amelia, Mathilda, Manuel, Mercedes
and Robert Silva^ a native of Chile, aged
69 years and 10 months.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are reapect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wed-
nesday, June 4, 1902. at 8:45 o'clock,
from his late residence in San Bruno, thence
to St. Ann's Church. Colma, where a
requiem hls-h mass will be celebrated" for
the reDose of his soul, commencing" at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TAYLOR — In this city, June 2. 1902. John
Taylor, father 1 of Mrs. L. Curran Clark and
Augusta M. Taylor, a native of Westport,
Conn., aged 75 years 0 months and 20 days.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services at
the First Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason streets, Wednesday morning, at
11:30 o'clock. Interment private. .
PERSONALS Contfnncd.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
" Hctel, 44 Third St.. neat Market; 700 rooms.
.-" 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $G per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
yeare' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
ACTINA restores the eye3 and ears to' health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 703 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, mole?, etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter..
SPANISH lessons and translations. 513 Mc-
Alllstcr st. ;
RUPTURE cured: no operatio.n, Daln or lost
time. Fidelity Runture Cure, 26^ Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton,427 Sutter.
Mr= Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumcr. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 Geary. r.-:».
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll iQMarket.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ON*: MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
PUYSICIAXS AXD SLRGEOXS.
RUPTURE and plies cured; no pay until cured:
no operation ; v no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 0 Turk.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 V. Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073 '4 Market.
REAL ESTATE— -CITTY— FOR SALE.
EXECUTOR^S^SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION. I
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
BY ORDER OF THE
EXECUTORS OF THE
ESTATE OF
ADOLPH SUTRO. DECEASED.
THURSDAY. JUNE 5th, 1902.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
AT SALESROOM, 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
197 MARINE VIEW LOTS
FOR HOME SEEKERS.
BARGAIN HUNTERS
INVESTORS.
MUST BE SOLD
TO PAY DEBTS.
SUBJECT ONLY TO
APPROVAL OF
PROBATE
COURT.
THESE BEAUTIFUL
LOTS FRONT ON
ASHBURY. CLAYTON,
SIXTEENTH STS. AND
TREMONT AVE.
LOOK OUT FOR
BARGAINS. ""X
SAN afATEO ELECTRIC CARS ALONG
ASHBURY ST. PASS THE PROPERTY.
MASONIC AVE. AND HAIGHT ST.
LINES ONLY A FEW BLOCKS DISTANT.
UNSURPASSED VIEW OF OCEAN.
PARK, GOLDEN GATE AND CITY.
TERMS CASH.
HIBERNIA BANK
WILL LEND ¦ '.'
OXE-HALF OF SELLING PRIC25
TO BUYERS.
DON'T FORGET THE DATE,
THURSDAY.
JUNE 5th, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
A CHOICE INVESTMENT.
LEAVENWORTH ST.. 6 FLATS.
Will always keep rented, as it is within an
easy and level walking distance to town. A
fine buy.
CHEAP RESIDENCE.
Fillmore ft., in fine residence location; two-
story bay-window of about 10 rooms and bath.
LOT 33 BY: 105.
Street work all done; cars passing; price
$10,000.
MARINE VIEW CORNER LOT.
34x137:6; fine corner, near Broadway and
Fillmore et. ; cheap.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB..* 850 MARKET ST.
RENTS COLLECTED, t
$2500 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
basement and attic; half block from cars.
$3C00 — Two flats on Folsom Et., near Twenty-
second; lot 22x115.
S3C00 — Two-story house of C rooms and bath;
on Clementina St.. near Sixth; lot 20x80.
$3500 — Filbert St., near Fillmore; 2 cottages;
lot 26:Sxl20: two frontages.
$5000 — Washington st., near Mason; modern
brick house of » rooms and baths; basement.
$7000 — Harrison st., near Fifth; 6 flats; rents
$*i; lot 25x86.
$8500 — Jackson et.. near Baker; 3 modern
flat3; rents S81 50 per month.
$5000^ — Steiner Bt.. near Geary; fine residence
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 22x92:6.
$5000 — Geary st.. opDoslte Hamilton square;
residence of 8 rooms and bath.
$35,000—12 flats and a residence in the Mis-
sion; pays 9 per cent clear; part cash.
Mill Val'ey— Cottage of 4. rooms, furnished;
lot 120x300; price $2000.
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak. ¦
JOSEPH_STRAUB, 850 Market st .
j. F. PLUMBE, Real Estate, 1402 Valencia st.
cor 25th.— BARGAINS:
$2400 — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 32x100;
Twenty-sixth st.
$1350— Cottage. 5 rooms; lot 25x114; Twenty-
seventh St.. near Dolores. ¦ >
$1500 — Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25x100; offer
¦wanted; Sanchez St.. near Valley.
$1400 — Cottage, 4 rooms; lot. 25x80; Folsom
6t.. near Twenty-eighth.
$C00 each — Two lots, 25x114; Duncan st., be-
tween Sanchez and Noe.
! JUST completed — New up-to-date flats of 5 and
C rooms, en Carl St., bet. Stanyan and WU-.
. lard. Apply to P. J. DONAHUE, 164 Preclta
avenue.
I
CITY OF RICHMOND.,
OFFICIAL map of the City of RIchmonTmaiifed
free. RICHMOND LAND CO.. Inc., room
182, Crocker buiidlne. San Francisco. '
Kb NO KL.iL LbTATc.
r7T5T'c1^n^ton"&'"sons7~ ~~—
\ 114 montgomery st.
reno lots reno
$"5 TO $400
In the choicest section of the city of Reno
Nev. One of the' most progressive and prom-
ising cities of the West. Each lot has a
frontage of 50 feet and an average depth of
140 feet. The best opportunity ever offered
for small Investments. A chance to double
your money In one >ear. Andrew Carnegie
has recently given Reno a free library to
cost $15,000 and by an act of Congress a
public building and a new courthouse are to
be built. The Southern Pacific Railroad Com.
pany's new shops are also going to Reno.
Lots going like hot cakes. -Get yours now.
For further particulars apply to
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114 .Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
$5000 — FOR »ale. near HaywardR, 10?acre~fruit
farm, modern Improvements; would exchange
for Improved residence property and some
money, in San Francisco or Oakland. Owner,
2926 Sixteenth et., San Francisco. .'
FOR sale or exchange for S. .F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches In Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark, Agua Callcnte, Sonoma Valley.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDlUDGlT & CO., "
. 038 MARKET STREET."
£8,200— A business corner in one of the best
portions of the Mission; substantial
well-built Improvements, containing 3
stores and 2 flats, on a northwest cor-
ner; rents for $1068 per annum.
$500 cash, maybe less, balance same as
rent: a handsome cottage of 4' rooms
and bath on the north side of street,
near 26th and Castro EtsJ; price $1750.
$500 cash, balance same as rent; house cf 8
rooms, bath and , conservatory, etc. ;
near' Golden Gate Park; lot 25x140;
price ?4000.
The following properties are owned
by estates which are ¦ extremely
anxious to make quick sales.
$25.000— Make offer: 3 houses and 4 flats; rent-.
Ing for $1872 per annum; on north side
of street; key lot from Van Ness ave.;
2 blocks from the City Hall; lot 55x
120 feet to the rear- street.
?5,500— Modern up-to-date residence of 0
rooms and finished basement; modern
sanitary plumbing, porcelain tubs,
etc.; handsome mantels;- premises In
first-class condition; on north side of
Page St., near Lyon; lot 25x05 feet.
$4,500 — Stevenson st., bet. 3d and 4tH; pres-
ent improvements rent for $510 per
annum; lot 20x70 feet;; similar prop-
'ertyin this block has sold within the
last month for ?325 per front foot.
$7,(525 — tth st., near Harrison: 3-story build-
ing, renting- for $000 per annum; lot
25x75 feet.
$9,500— Clementina St., near 2d; 10 well-built
flats of C, 5, 4 rooms; rents $12"tf per
annum.
$5200— Shipley st., near 4th; 6 flats; rents
$072 per annum.
$7,800 — Handsome sunny residence, 10 rooms
and bath: on Bush,' near Brodcrick;
large lot 52x97 feet.
$4,250 — Corner on Sanchez st.," near 18th: im-
provements 3 cottages; lot 54:2x104 ft.
?2,250 — -Choice lot on Green st., near Fillmcre;
•32:6x137:6 feet.;.
.$50 per front foot; Diamond st.. near ISth:
ready for building; street sewered and
macadamized; lots 125 feet deep..
$2, GOO — Rents S408 per annum; 6 flats,' near
Oth and Bryant sts.; Improvements are
in good condition and always rented;
property in this district is increasing
very rapidly in value. ,
COZY HOMES.
We have a new list of cottages In all parts
of the city which we can sell on very easy
terms and for very low prices. If this Inter-
ests you, call and secure a list. ;
EASTON. ELDRIDGE &CO.,
. G33 Market street.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Mini©
FOR SALE NEAR~SAN FRANCISCO^^.
Small tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California 1 ¦ St., for
pamphlets and Information.
FARMS, ranches, citv and suburban property
for sale and exchange: unimnroved lands in
large and small tracts inAlarneda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Mln-
• ing Co., 713 Market, r. 40(i: tel. James 4121.
WRITE WELLS, SAUNDERS & CO., Peta-
' luma. for list of bargains In fruit and.
chicken ranches. ' ¦
LAND bargains: new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMO.VS & SON. Mills bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE and Estate Properties for Sale. I
See the Alameda Land Company^
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever of-
fered in Alameda; fine home; 8 rootn3
and bath; lot 02x150; between Chestnut
and Morton-st. stations; a snap.fi
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st... Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 6-room cottage: porcelain bath; pantry:
tiled sink; electric lights; city water; brick
foundation; high basement; wash trays; pat-
ent closet; large lot, all fenced; 2 blocks to
station; street care,' stores, school and
churches; price $2000; terms $200 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month; open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorln.
HERE'S a chance to be your own landlord; new
'S-room 2-story house; neat, complete and up-
to date; lot 42x135. all fenced; good location;
price $2250; terms $200 cash, balance $20
monthly, same as rent. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin; open Sundays.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE, 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
stairs, 3 rooms below; in fine condition; suit
all day; large lot; stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens: 5 minutes to depot; $17 5o
per month by the year. S. H. ROBERTS,
Real EFtate. Mill Valley. Cal.
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades: suitable for hotel pur-
poses; tunny; to rent by the season or year
I . or for sale. S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley,
I Cal.
| $1200 — HOUSE, 4 rooms: lot 50x150; fruit trees.
I flower garden: opposite Episcopal church; 5
minutes to depot; sun all day: bargain. S.
H. ROBERTS. Real Estate. Mill Valley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
?4750— NoTTs^M^CLURE^rrfEET!
House of 8 rooms and bath, finished In t»i<!
latest Colonial and curly redwood finish: high
paneled dining-room, , sideboards, nickel nnd.
open plumbing, in fact, an ideal home ami
an Ideal spot; McClure stitet is Blackstonc
Hill, elevated and stghtly; all residences in
this location ranging In price from $10,000 to
$30,(i00; property taken under foreclosure;
terms only $1000 cash ; first come, first
served. J. S. MYEKS, 1002 Broadway Oak-
land, Cal. - . •
$1750— COST OF LOT ONLY. =
Improvements given away; present Income
$15 per -month; 2 houses of S rooms •each, in
good order and only 2 blocks from the local
train; near business center; owner in destl-
• tute circumstances and must sell at ones
for th« beat offer received; seeing la believ-
ing. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway Oak-
land, Cal. ¦ . .
$4700— COR. TWENTIETH AND WEBSTER.
An ideal Colonial. 7 rooms and bath; th»
very latest In everything; large lot; 0 new
houses told In this location and only this one
left; terms $1000 cash; price is at least $1000
below the present market value on account
of raise In material and ijr.-iund. J S AIY-
j ERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal; '
$2250 — A NEW Swiss Colonial (J-room house;
open plumbing; an ideal home; flrst-cljiss
neighborhood; convenient in every way; terms
• $500 cash; it 1s a beauty smd dirt cheap. J.
S. MYERS, 1O02 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
OAICLAXD ROO3IS TO LET.
MARKET. 821. half block from station— Fine
si nny rooms. $4 and $5 per month. ¦ - ¦ -.-
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOIl SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month.^lT.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh Bt.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEl'IXG.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of. furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas," bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts. . • .....
GOLDEN GATE ave., 512— Large sunny front
suite for housekeeping; also other rooms.
GOUGH, 115 — Handsome sunny ; bay-window
parlor, exclusive kitchen and bath, $20. . '.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front housekeeping suite,
furnished; gas; $11; large back, $0.
MCALLISTER. 538— Nicely furnished large
room; sink; gas range; bath; phone; laun-
dry; $10. " • ... -
MCALLISTER, 637 — 3 nice, sunny rooms and
bath for two only; references.
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth — Well furnished
housekeeping rooms; also front roam.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOn SALE.
EOILERS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TObH & t \VOLPMAN. 185-137 Fremont st.
LADY'S evening <ire*s. silk, never worn, death.
cost ?S5, for $0U; 2Vi karat diamond stud, 5-
Elone diamond ring, gloves, laces, fans, till
Thursday night. 102 Ellis et.. cor. Powell.
J room US.
*i £XTS — TENTS— TENTS.
530 io 1000 new & second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. AUPlT ilOSS McMAHOVS
Awr.ing, Tent & Hammock Co., .208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, ;=ei:s or rents gear, machinery, en-
jrines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITEI-AW. 253-255 Spear wt.
BAR fixtures: big stock: installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
nrur.swicU-nplke-Collencler Co.. C52 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grrade.^ame as i»ew, cost
S2T>0 fir S90 ca>h; boet SS; a rare bargain;
none tetter made. ' W Sixth st.
NEW nnd 2>l-n3nd boilers, engines, dynamos.
motor- pur.-.;iF. wood and iron working ma-
o-.inery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
LUMBER and firewood. S23 Folsom st.
SECOND-HAND lumber. Ras-hes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St., cor. 15th.
CANARIES, fine singers; must be sold. Inquire
3:;ti Seventh Ft.
¦VfK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
mafceg). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
EVGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BOATS, launches, rowboals carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. P.acigalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 4C Fremont St.
iSAFES— Ketr and second hand. THE HER-
f'MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
OR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMastert.SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
JST-CLASS id-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st.
SIAG1C lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
_ WISCELJLAXEOrS \VAXTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 4S4.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
I WILL pay g-ood cash prices for old sealskins;
send i«D£tal; will calL liox 49U0. Call.
TILTON wants pood second-hand clothing and
theatrical poods. l."4 Oth-rt. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectricalWks.418 Turk.
MUSICAL^ INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock. Special bargains:
3 Steinway $95 to $250
2 Knabe $S5 to $110
3 Welier $05 to $150
5 Hallct & Davis $S0 to $165
2 Fitcher $75 to $155
1 Bourne $1C
3 Hayncs 5235
1 Kittle $285
Over 50C0 Heine pianos' in S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabier and 20 others. Rents and
installments ?2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Hall. 2.35-237 Geary st.
DUP.l\"G the next ten days we want to dispose
of a number, of pianos that have been taken
In exchange, and the price has be?n marked
dnwn on each to a point where profit is out
cf the question; bring all the money you can
l spare to nay down and we will see that you
V- pet a bargain. The Ztno Mauvais Music Co.,
P* 71'J Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
End terms upon pianos, please beer in mind
that we can not only duplicate then:, but can
Oder exceptionally fine piancs and largest
assortment cf best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
ccr. Keenly and Sutter sts.. S. jr.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth ets.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS!
Second -hand upripht piancs from $30 up.
Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
Secor.d-har.d organs frcm f25 up; new up-
right pianos from ?175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
6 SOX, 1(5 to 20 O-Farrell st.: Chickering.
Mason & Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY :>iano Bold by us taken back any time
with'n 2 years and full purchase price al-
lcwed on a new peerless Kr.abe at regular
price; costs you cniy 20c a day to buy a
piano frcm us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st. ; established 1S50.
OUR Dianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values bert in city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
ALTO caxophenei ?40: small upright piano," $00.
1733 Vallejo st. ; Hyde-st. car.
Leaving fcr London compels quick sacrifice of
beautiful large 3-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
$ir-r>— ELEGANT large Eize~Fischer upright.
JOS. SCIIMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister et.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5G0 Hayes Et.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett. I.udwig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
cold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A FINE Stcinway upright, left on sale; no
rea£or.ab:«? ofTer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
KNAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue. $250. Bruenn,20SPost.
EYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post Bt.: Sohmer
and other piancs and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new! H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
f OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
CARPETED office, prominent corner. Parrott
building; reception in common with real es-
tate agent; references exchanged. Box 2ti2,
','ali office.
LARGE ftore with high basement, fronting on
2 htreetr; belcw Kearny st. Apply 030 Clay
¦=t *. rGom 1.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Trusting water house for papering and tinting
Ha-.tman Pair.t Co.. 313 3d st. phone Rpd 35^t
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. NEERGAAl^D^readTTl^'iT^TOO
Post 6t.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor tit., bet. Geary and Post;teI.Black 5C1.
1'KHSOXALS.
VIAVI l)&s been Rianuiactured lor over fifteen
years; it cured hundreds of ailing women in
its Drst year &r.d has cured thousands of suf-
;erer* every year since; booklet for mothers
end dauchters mailed iree. The Viavl Co
Van .'Cess ave.; phone East 282 .San
Francisco.
IF you hair is falling, send for DR <j S~
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer the only
lemedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema.; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or s«-nd for circular DP
G. S. MOpRE. 3-J2 O'Farr.-ll st.. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order
flo; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free oi charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE^Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirt?
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys''
cults, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
cur new t-tore. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
MP.S. E. Vif DUNLAP. 34 TCearny st.— Re-
optxed; hair and scalp parlor?; hair dressing,
Tranicurlng, facia/ n:assag«; skilled chiropo-
dy; advanced :'oot treatment taught.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 4S
E'lis, makes colored ehirts to order; $1 eacn;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
rjRI.'XKEX.VESS. morphine 2nd all drug <lis-
eiii.es positively curr-4 by The WilJow Bark
_ Co.. \Kti Polk Ft., S. V. ; consultation free.
WHITE cr.amel iron bed«, single, three-quarter
or double. %1 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. i:;io-i;jii: Stockton St., near Broadway.
KENSATIOXAL — Book for men; amusiug, mya-
ti.'jins. i::s!ructiv«. Two cents for postage te-
curcs one. Williams Vk Co.. 140 Geary *.t., £.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
l-.artfs unlor-made overalls at SUMMEU-
riELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
UAKEBALL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 2.
history crtate^t game ever piaye<5; 10c post-
lald. S. li. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. 8. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
a!i the newest designs for summer goods. J.
\V. EVANS, iO^'l Market xt.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market ft.
MONEY leaned at lew interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious etones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t.
LIQUOH habit — A new. safe and eure cure can
I* griven without knowledge of patient. Ad-
<lre:^ P. O. box 552. San Jose. Cal. t ,* <
MY hairdrf-as-ine is acknowledged to be the
very best; 25c for any style. G. LEDERER,
1'Zl Stockton Et. ¦
' A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Prk-c Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS MO; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A. B. HODGDON, contract lather. 85 Ninth St.,
<«¦ 'J15 Market et.; work done quick and well.
PROPOSALS. • .
PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equipage —
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal., May 20,
11)02. — Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a, m.,
" Friday, Juno 6th,. 1902, Pacific Standard time,
and then opened, for furnishing Jean Draw-
ers, Light Weight Wool Stockings, Woolen -
Drawers, Campaign Hats, Regulatlcii Muslin
Shirts, Chambray Shirts, Heavy Wool Stock-
• ings. Cotton . Undershirts, Wool Undershirt*.
Light Weight Collarettes and Wool Under-
shirts, Heavy Weight Collarettes, Russet
, Shoes,. Black Calfskin Shoes, Waist Belts,
Linen Collars and Ponchos. Quantities to be
subject to an increase of 20 per cent. If desir-
ed by this Department. Bids will be opened
S for the delivery of the same articles at
either the San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and
Philadelphia depots. To avoid misunder-
standing as to the exact nature of the ar-
ticles to be furnished, bidders will carefully
,, examine the standard samples and specifi-
cations, so that proposals may be submitted
by Ihem with a full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
' the standards and specifications will ' be in-
sisted upon in the inspection of the goods.
Unguaranteed bids, and bids upon samples
differing from standards . and ' specifications,
will, under no circumstances, be entertained.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained.. Bids for delivery or
Inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state in their
proposals the rate and time of delivery,
• should contract be awarded to th:;m. ; The
articles advertised for are the same for
' which bids will be opened at the other de-
pots. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal, (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production an.i
manufacture the duty thereon) and such
preference will be given to articles -of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
* The United States reserves the right to accept
(ft reject any cr all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on apllcatlon. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 4034," and addressed to Major C. P.
Miller. .Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. . -
UNIVERSITY-. OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley —
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men: Notice Is hereby given to all. con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery
- and Library building on the grounds of the
University of California at Berkeley. Ala-
meda County, California, and^sald bids or
proposals will be received at the office of the
Board of -Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of the 6th day of
June, 1902. And notice Is hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of
said building have been made and adopted
and are placed in above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m. from this date until said 6th day of
June. ' 1902. No bids or proposals will be
.: considered- unless the same are accompanied
by. a certified check or a bond of said pro-
I pbeer eaual to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if said bid. or croposal shall be accepted
' the party proposing will duly enter Into a
¦proper contract " to faithfully oerform the
duty and obligations In accordance with said
proposal, and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved. - •¦ •¦
This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled. "An act to amend an act entitled,
'An act to create and organize the University
of California,' approved March 25, 1868. and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 28, 1872. relating to the con-
i etruction of buildings," approved March 3,
1S97.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board .of Regents.
W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary.
\ BIDS . wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
, fornia. at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.
SATURDAY, June 14, 1902, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
I ders, for. furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cat. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months, commencing
July 1. 1902, and ending December 31, 1902.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, . payable to C. • Mason
Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
" fornia, room 13, 320.Sant»ome »t., San FraTr-
cUco, Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
org. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May C, 1902.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, June 6, 1902
and then opened for construction (lucludln'-
plumbing and electric wiring), at Fort Baker
Cal. of Officers' Quarters, Barracks, Admin-
istration Building, and for construction (in-
cluding plumbing, heating and electric wir-
ing) at Fort Mlley, Cal:, of Hospital, Hospi-
tal Steward's Quarters, Bake House and Fuel
Shed. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any. or all bids in whole or in putt.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles pf American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER. Deputy Quar-
termaster General, Chief Q. M.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., May 30. 1002. — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be : received at the office of
the De»ot Quartermaster, Portland, Oregon,
until 2:30 p. m., June 19, 1902, and then
opened, for the construction of a steamboat
in accordance with the plans and specifica-
tions on file In the Depot Quartermaster's
Office at Portland, where full information
will be furnished. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked: "Proposals for
Stea'nboat," and addressed W. A. BETHEL,
Q. M. '
MABBIAGE LICENSES. ;
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry D. Skellengrer, 28, 95 Caselli avenue,
and Sophia C. Breitzmann, 23, 1511 Vallejo st.
John M. Glennan, 28, 2144 Geary street, and ;
Josephine Keating. 23, 110S Taylor street." *
Claude A. Sherman, 21, Los Angeles, and ]
Jennie Williamson, 19. 218 Twenty-seventh st.
Oliver V. Alberton. 21, Healdsburs, and Jes-
sie H. Sawyer, 21, 2935 Jackson street.
Charles W. Johnson. 30, Gualala, and Ida
A. Benson, 24, Gualaltf. ,
William P. von Huaen, 27, city, and Caro-
line H. Wreden. 20, city. ".'¦:
Charles O. Wahlscren, 32, city, and Rose T.
Anderson, 26, city.
Julius Lehre, 46, ' 251 Minna street, and
Chdrlotte J. Solomon, 34, 251 Minna street.
• Arnold Wherll. 35. 297 Linden avenue, and
Bertha Distell, 22, 626 Golden Gate avenue.
William F. Browne, 20, Alameda, and Mary
I. Wright. 17. 232 Third avenue.
Giovanni Denevi. 21, 728 Vallejo street, and
Katie Giosso, 18. 3 Bartol place.
George J. McNulty, 25, 1818 Howard street,
and Louise Meyers, 23, 1846 Folsom street.
• Florence O'Neill, 20, 768A Harrison street,
"and Ada Schlink, 21.1310B Harrison street.
Michael Foley, 27, 284 Dore street, and Mary
Murnane, 25, 124 Fairmount street.
Clement Polk. 24, 410 Post street, and Jen-
nle Gunn. 22, 2751 Buah street.
"^mTHS—MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
BOBN.
ANDERSON— In this city. May 28, 1902, to
the wife of.AI Anderson, a son. -
PAPINA — In this city, June 2, 1902, to the
wife of James Papina, a daughter. ¦ . .
PRESTON— In this city, June 1, 1 1002. to the
wife of Walter Preston, a daughter.
mabbiedT
WOOD — BARLOW — In this city, May 17, 1902,
by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pastor of
Central M. E. Church, John S^" Wood and
Ursula B. Barlow,, both of San Francisco.
WOLD — HERDAL — In this city. May 31, 1902.
by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Louis Wold and
Hanna Herdal. ' ¦
. DIED.
Arnott! Margaret M. Meyer, Mrs. Minna "¦
Caldwell, Mary Meyers, Eliza
Care. Minnie Mqore, Henry S.
Girard, Adele Morgan. Frank •
Clot, Albino ' . Noonan, Maggie J.
Crawford ( \Lena Peckham, Nancy A,
' Cullen, .William F. Provost, Gustave
Cummins, Lawrence Read, Faith
Doyle, Richard Rock. John B.
Green, Mary E. Rumpf, Mathllde.'
Jacobson, Mary Sheldon, Mark
Ma-ulre, Ann - Sllva. Custodlo
Martens, Anna C. Taylor. John
- Massey, Maria A. / /
\RNOTT— In Alameda, June 1, 1902, Margaret
Miller Arnott, beloved • mother of Mrs. J.' D.
Hendry. Isabel. James Jr., Mary and Mar-
garet Arnott, and ¦sister of Mrs. J. H; Mil-
ler,- Mrs. Isabel Pattonand David H.' Bar-
rl*, a native of Scotland. : '. . •
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral j Wednes-
day June 4, at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 934 Taylor avenue. Interment
private. Please omit flowers. .
CALDWELL — In this city, June 2, 1902, Mary,
beloved wife of the late James Caldwell, and
sister of ! the late Mrs. Kate McGrath, and
. first couain of Dennis and the late. Pa trick
Hayden, a native of Thurles, County Tipper-
ary, Ireland, aged 71 years. (New Yqik
. papers please copy.).
CtyFrlendtt and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from. her late
residence, 229 Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARE— In Oakland, June 3, 1902, ' Minnie,
£J daughter of Thomas J. and the- late Susan
Care, and sister of Lena, Bessie and Richard
Care, a native of Nevada County, California,
aged 23 years 1 month and' 10 days.
CLOT— In this city, June 3, 1902, Alblne Clot
(nee Combataladej. beloved wife of Camflle
Clot, mother of Louise Coulouse, and daugh-
ter of Louis Combatalade. a native -of
France, aged 40 years, and 6 months.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, Thurs-
day), at -1:30 o'clock, from her late rest-
donee, 710 Broadway.
CRAWFORD — In South San. Francisco, Junr
2, 1902, Lena Crawford, dearly beloved wife
of Georse Crawford, and beloved mother of
"Violet Crawford, and daughter of Chris-
topher and Matilda Christen, and stater of
Henry J. Christen, Mrs. Henry Danz and
. Tillie Christen, and niece of Mrs. John Zoller
and Mrs. Julia Lachman, a. native of San
Francisco, aged 19 years 9 months and 28
• days. \ . ¦ •
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, .from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1651 Tenth avenue
South, between N and P streets South, South
San Francisco. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. .
CULLEN— In this city, June 3. 1902, William
F., . beloved husband of Maria Cullen, father
of Robert, Neil and Elton Cullen, and brother
of P. H.. C. J., T. J., R. R.. S. J. and M. E.
Cullen, a native of Trinity County, Califor-
nia, aged 41 years.
E^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy &. Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CUMMINS— In this .city. June 1, 1902,
Lawrence Cummins, a native of the parish
of BallinsDltle, County Cork. Ireland, aged
S3 years. • .
|C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
- lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock.'
' Interment "Holy Cross Cemetery. -
DOYLE— In this city, June 3, 1902, Richard
Doyle, beloved father of Rev. A. Doyle, C. S.
P.,- Stephen, Frank and Peter Doyle and Sis-
• ters M. Fidelis and Louise, Sisters of Mercy.
" ETRemains at the parlors of St. Mary's
Hospital. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend the mass of re-
quiem at St. Peter's Church, Alabama and
Twenty-fourth streets, at 10 o'clock Thurs-
day morning. Interment private. No flowers.
GIRARD— In this city, June 3, 1902. Adele
Girard," belo\ed wife of Paul Girard, mother
of Paul Girard. sister of Ella Szanfk and
Julius Schleim inner, and stepmother of Mrs.
. Laura Beatty and Eugenie Daneri, a native
of Kis-Szebben, Hungary, aged 38 years.
IE? Friends and acquaintances* are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
June 5, 1902, at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery ave-
nue, thence to French Church of Notre Dame
des Victolres. Bush street, for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
GREEN — In Alameda. June 2, 1902, Mary Etta
Green, beloved wife of Charles H. Green, and
mother of Albert D. Green, a native of New
York, aged 41 years.
JACOBSON — In this city, June 3, 1902. Mary
Jacobson, beloved wife of Captain Henry
Jacobson, mother of 3Tlna M., Johnnie F. and
Sarah J. Jacobeon, and sister of Sarah Falls,
a native of England, aged 54 years and 2
days.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. John's
•Etiscopal Church, corner , Fifteenth st. and
Julian ave. Mrs. Jacobson's remains can be
seen at her late residence, 62 Woodward
avenue, oft Thirteenth street, between Mis- .
sion and Valencia streets, until 1 o'clock,
p. m. Thursday. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carrlase. '
MAGUIRE — A month's mind mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Ann Maguire, dearly beloved wife of
Owen Maguire, and mother of Dr. Charles S. i
Maguire, and sister of Mrs. Elizabeth Ma-
guire, at Sacred Heart Church. Fell and
Flllmore streets, commencing to-day (Wednes-
day), at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend.
MARTENS— In Oakland. June 2. 1902, Anna
C., beloved wife of John Martens, mother of
Frank C. Martens and sister of Frank L.
Fischer, a native of Germany, aged 47 years
and 7 days.
IC?" Funeral services to-day (Wednesday),
at 11:30 o'clock, at the family residence, OtU
Magnolia street, Oakland. Plcass omit flow-
ers. Interment private.
MASSEY— In this city, June 2, 1902. Maria
Agnes, beloved wife of John Massey, and
mother of Sister Berchmans of Notre Dame
and James P. R. Massey, a native of Dub-
lin. Ireland, aged -VI years.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3tSU Army street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requlenr high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by electric funeral car from
San Jose avenue and Thirtieth street.
MEYER— In this city, June 2, 1902. Mrs. Min-
na Meyer, beloved mother of- Jake Cohen.
Max, Louis and Elka* Meyer and Mrs. Sey-
mour Goldsmith, a native of Exin. Prussia,
aged (22 years 8 months and 21 days.
G^Krienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day. June 4, 1902, at 10 o'clock, at. her
late residence. 1272 Ellis street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by special train
leaving at 11:30 o'clock, from Third and
Townsend streets.
MEYERS— In this city. June 2. 1902, Eliza,
mother of Mary Meyers of Elmira, Cal., a
native of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 07
years.
E3"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
MOORE— In this city, June 3, 1902, Henry S.,
beloved son of Catherine and the late Henry
J. Moore, and brother of William R. Moore,
Mrs. Annie Pearly and Mrs. Joseph M. Ellen-
brook, a native of San Francisco, aged 39
years and 6 months.
MORGAN — In this city, June 1. 1902. Frank,
beloved son of the late Patrick and Margaret
Morgan, and brother of Mrs. Annie Hab.
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years."
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ;the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
Btreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOONAN — In this city, June 1. 1902. Maggie
Jane, beloved wife of J. II. Noonan, a. na-
tive of San Francisco.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, June 5, at 8:45 o'clock, from the Par-
lors of J. C. ¦ O'Connor & Co.. 707 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the. repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets, at
10:30 o'clock.
PECKHAM— In Oakland. June 3,' 1902, at 21B
Helen street, Nancy A., wife of Charles O.
Peckham, and mother of G. C. Peckham of
Pennsylvania, Mrs. i David Peckham of
New York. ; Mrs. Henry Maloon, Albertus
E. Peckham and Mrs. J. S. Wixon of Oak-
' land, a native of New York, aged 79 years
3 months and 21 days.
PROVOST — In Lorln, Berkeley, June 3, 1902,
Gustave, beloved husband of Irma Provost,
and father of Cecelia, Adeline and Jules
Provost, a native of France, aged 60 years
and 9 days.
-. (ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence. 1816
Woolsey street. Lorin station, Berkeley. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
READ — In this city, June 2, 1902. Faith Read,
beloved wife of Edwin Read, and mother of
Alfred and Ernest C. Read, a native of Eng-
land, aged 5U years 10 months and 7 days.-
ICTFriends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 301 Holloway avenue, corner of
Plymouth avenue. Take' Ingleslde cars. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
ROCK— In this city, June 3. 1902. John B.
Rock, beloved husband of Nellie Rock, father
of Lillian Rock, son of Mary and the latJ
John Rock, and . brother of Edward R., Jo-
seph F. and Mary -Rock and Mrs. Emmett
Dunn, a native of San Francisco.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
RUMPF — In this city, June 2. 1002. Mathilde.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
. 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY. '
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367." i' *",?'
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. |
Samuel McFadden. IS years manager for I
the United Undertakers* Association; M. J. f
. McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; I". F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st., between Sev*ntr
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
Hwited'toSertSker?
i. 27 nnd 23 Fifth St. Tel. South lex
1 rUKERAL DIBHCTORS AND EMttAJLMEBThe. Grand Jury intends to take a hand
in the bail scandal and discover and
prosecute the guilty party or parties.
For thi3 purpose Expert F. A. Elliot was
instructed to examine Clerk Conway's
books. E. P. Farnsworth and M. J
Baughan were appointed a committee to
assist. The reports may possibly be
ready for presentation to the jury when
it meets next Friday at 2 o'clock.
methods of pilfering money out of the
treasury were first exposed.
Captain of Detectives Martin has or
dered all his men to be on the lookout for
the mlsing Police -Court clerk. The
police of all the neighboring towns have
also been requested to arrest Conway on
sight. It is doubtful if Conway can make
good his escape, as he is a well-known
character all over the State.
The proposed boxing match between
Jimmie Britt and Oeorge McFadden has
been declared off. Britt's hands were ex
amined yesterday by a surgeon. They
were found severely bruised about • the
thumb and knuckles. The boxer was told
he would bo taking a chance of injuring
them permanently if he used them too
soon, so he canceled his engagement. He
leaves on Saturday for Harbin Springs,
where he will remain two weeks.
Britt-McFadden Match Is Off.
About 150 friends of the Hon. E..D. Ed
son, an aspirant for the Republican nom
ination for Governor, met last night at
1047 Market street for the purpose of-or
ganizing his campaign. M. H. Smith pre
sided. It was decided to make a 'careful
canvass in every district, and to that end
the friends of Edson will meet again a
week from next Tuesday night. .....
Organizing for Edson.
The push brigade In San Francisco is
sadly demoralized. Desertions from the
camp arc of daily occurrence. The re
maining forces consist of quarrelsome fac
tions which Mackenzie, Mar,ks and Rior
dan cannot manage. The apportionment
of delegates cuts no figure to speak of m
the approaching contest. The stalwart
Republicans who are in the battle for
good government and honest administra
tion of local affairs .will elect the dele
gates to the judicial convention^
Johnny Mackenzie, the new leader of
the boss forces, did not get a meeting of
the county committee last week, but' Tom
Riordan has issued a call for /the mem
bers to meet next Friday night. This
push committee, created by the conven
tion which nominated Asa R. Wells and
A. G. Fisk. claims to be the local' govern
ing body of the .Republican party and will
probably designate the apportionment of
delegates to the convention which will. b6
called to nominate candidates for Judgea
of the Superior and Police courts. '
The whispered comment among Demo
cratic leaders is to the effect that the
prestige of the Southern Pacific Company,
to the extent that Herrin can swing it,
will be placed behind the Democratic nom
inee for Governor. No doubt the political
agents of the company- will be "active
enough at the Republican State Conven
tion in the last week of August, but they
will also be at the Democratic gathering
in the early days of September. The re
ported defection of Burns and the peculiar
attitude of Herrin are cited as. incidents
significant, of a change of front on ithe
political field. The best informed pol
iticians In the Gage camp now admit that
Burns has broken away and will not take
part in the desperate struggle to obtain
from the Republicans of California an
other indorsement of Gase. - '
The call as outlined, for submission to
the general committee provides that the
delegates shall be chosen by Assembly
districts according to the manner pre
scribed in the primary election law of this
State. The committee not only recom
mends, but directly orders, primaries for
the, election of delegates in Assembly dis
tricts wherein the law is not mandatory.
The idea is that % the convention shall
emanate, directly from the voters of the
party and shall not" simply represent fac
tions, cliques and counts' committees.
All the indications point to the selection
of Sacramento as tjie place for holding
the convention. The delegates will prob
ably be invited to assemble in the cap
ital city on Monday, September 1, or Tues
day. September 2. San Jose, Santa Cruz
and Los Angeles have made overtures to
the committee for the honor of entertain
ing the delegates. There has been\ con
siderable talk of holding the convention
in this city, yet the sentiment in favor of
Sacramento is regarded as sufficiently ac
tive to sway the committee.
The governing body of the CaJifornia
Democrats will meet in this city next Sat
urday to adopt a call for a State nominat
ing convention of the party. A draft of
the proposed call has been prepared by a
sub-committee recently appointed. The
document as outlined will be submitted
to the executive committee next Friday
evening.
The basis of representation provided for
in the rough draft is one delegate for
every 200 votes cast for the party In the
Presidential election of 1900. In making
the computation the highest vote cast for
any elector on the Democratic ticket will
govern. This representation will give a
convention of 629 delegates. A recommen
dation will be submitted to add thereto
one delegate- at large for each county of
the. State. If this is adopted the conven
tion will consist of 6S6 delegates. ..
State Governing Body
of Democrats Is Pre
paring for Battle.
Cadwallader to draft a letter eommendinsr
Captain Seymour, whose resignation as
chief of detectives was accepted last
night, tor his meritorious services as the
head of the detective-department.
Captain Spillane was given permission
to accept Captain Seymour's handsome
rank badge, which was tendered him by
the retired chief of detectives.
Thereupon Barrett requested the court
to make a ruling thai when the case was
set Jt fhould be tried on that day. even if
Conway was still at. liberty. This plan
was acceptable to the District Attorney's
office and Lyons' case was set for Satur
day morning at 11 o'clock.
Detectives .were scouring the town all
day yesterday and last night In the hope
of gettins some trace of Conway's where
abouts. His friends advance the theory
that lie has not left the city, but has been
secreted away somewhere with friends
until he gets out of the state of intoxica
tion In which he has been since * his
Assistant District Attorney Hanley ob
jncttd to the taking up of Lyons' case un
til it became absolutely certain that the
Defendant Conway had taken leave of the
<-ity. He argrurd that it was not the place
of the prosecution to. try the ca.se.s until
* "on way was apprehendr*! by the police.
Judge Cabaniss took the sajne view, and
although Attorney Barrett made a strong
plea for an immediate hearing, it was
denied.
SUPPOSED TO BE IN THE CITY.
Then Attorney John Barrett, appear
ing for Lyons, informed the court that
liis client was more than anxious to have
his case called for trial. "My client.
Lyons, is a respectable young man," he
Fai.j. "and we wish to r.lear him forthwith
of this accusation. We are prepared to
prove that he wa? simply made an inno
cent tool by Conway."
Attorney Campbell* requested the court
to issue a ' bencn warrant for Conway's
arrert, but the court declined to enter
lain the proposition. Campbell explained
ihat he had put up the $500 bail money
for Conway's appt.-aranoe and the latter's
non-appearance .in court placed him in an
embarrassing position. Judge Cabaniss
declared the b;;il money forfeited.
BENCH WARRANT REFUSED.
The news that Conway ha<l "skipped"
ca*used a sensation in Police Court circles
when it was announced yesterday after
noon. When the case of Conway and
Deputy County Clerk K. E. Lyons, who
is a co-defendant with Conway in the
grand larceny charge rileu a^ a
result of the nrst expose of the methods
«jt" the Police Court ring, was called m
judge Cabanlss" court Conway failed to
answer his name. His attorney and
bondsman. Archie Campbell, who had
?j>ent more than twenty-four hours trying
to locate Conway. appealed to the court
for a continuance, staling that he felt
sure that if given a chance he could lo
cate the fugitive and bring him into
court.
Detective Ed "Wren appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon and
swore to a complaint charging Conway
with forgery. The complaint sets forth
that Conway fraudulently attached the
signature of M. Walker 10 a treasury or
der for the return of $15 bail money that
had been posted for the appearance of L.
P. Walkmann. charged with carrying con
coaled weapons and disturbing the peace.
This is the most serious charge that has
been lodged against the missing clerk.
Fredrick B. Conway. clerk of Judge Mo
gan's department of the Police Court, has
taken flight rather than stand trial upon
charges of having stolen bail money from
the treasury which belonged to J. M.
Evans and bail money belonging to the
city which "had been declared forfeited by
Judge Mogan owing to the non-appear
ance in court of the defendants to whom
it originally belonged.
"On June 2, 3902, present to the office of
the Civil Service Commission and have
s?mc deducted from next month's salary,
if not paid on or before said date. George
A. McCalvy."
Heydenfeldt says that McCalvy stated
that the note, could be cashed at any time
and if it was not Heydenfeldt could take
MtCalvy's place in the Tax Collector's of
iice at- a salary of 4125 per month. Hey
denfeldt. who was easily beguiled, yester
day presented the note to Examiner Mo
rr.li, who informed him that he had been
deceived, as the commission had no power
to pay McCalvy's salary. Moran reported
the matter to the commission, which has
ordered an investigation on next Monday.
McCalvy was appointed from the civil
service list last August by Tax Collector
Scott.
- Tax Collector Smith yesterday suspend
ed George A. McCalvy, a deputy employed
in the office, pending an investigation of
a charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses preferred by Thor O. Hey
denfeldt. son of the late Judge
Solomon Heydenfeldt. Young Hey
denfeldt. in a sworn statement filed
¦with the Civil Service Commission, al
leges that McCalvy secured from him a
loan of 51'JO and gave him a note with the
indorsement that it would be paid on pre
sentation to Chief Examiner Moran of
the Civil Service .Commission. When
Mayor Schmitz was apprised of the facts
1st directed the Tax Collector to suspend
McCalvy.
Heydtnfeldt says that on May 2, McCal
vv as'ked him how much money he (Hey
tU.-nrelcti had in the safe deposit vaults,
lieycunfeldt said he had $12000, whereupon
McOalvy asked for a loan of $100 for the
purpvj?t of improving his mother's sum
mer home. Heydenfeldt drew the money
from the vaults, but asked ' McCalvy for
security. McCalvy produced a blank note
book from the Croeker-Woolworth Bank,
l.ut Heydenieldfs attorney, George D.
Collins, advised him that the security
was not sufficient. Heydenfeldt finally
surrendered the $100 at the Lick House
oar, after McCalvy. had written on the
back of the note: •
George McCalvy Is Sus
pended by Tax Col
lector Smith.
Forfeits Bail and Leaves
Bondsman to
Whistle.
CONWAY MAKES
HURRIED FLIGHT
SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST DEPUTY
BIG CONVENTION
IS RECOMMENDED
The defendant. Crothers. was called to
I testify, and he swore that Levings called
on him at the City Prison and asked him
if he could "dig iip any money to square
the case." He said Levings wanted him
to plead guilty to petty larceny and gi\e
him whatever money he could raise. .
Crothers further testified that upon tell
ing Levings that he would not ; plead
guilty to petty' larceny the policeman
said, "All right: then be railroaded."
The matter was continued until next
Monday afternoon, when Levings will
commence to put In his defense.
Policeman Wilson B. Scott was tried for
failing to search a prisoner properly, and
upon being found guilty he was fined $25.
Policeman J. D. McClain was tried upon
a similar charge and fined $20.
The Commissioners ordered Secretary
Captain Birdsall joined the police force
in April, 1878, was made sergeant in Oc
tober, 18S9, and lieutenant in 1895. Up to
last February he was stationed at the
Central station and since -then has been
at the City Hall station.
During his twenty-four years of service
Captain Birdsall has seen every variety
of police' duty and his record is without a
blemish. By no class will his promotion
be more favorably received than by the
men under him. •
Henry Gleeson became a patrolman in
1SSS and after some street duty was as
signed to the License Office, where he has
been ever since. He has made a splendid
record in his department and the omce
is a model one of its kind. He was made
corporal in 1895 and a .sergeant two years
later. His first duty was a detail with
Captain Martin and he has succeeded to
his superior's lucky star whenever he has
been promoted;
James Kelly joined the department in
1885 and was made a sergeant four years
later. He was derated in 1890 after • a
secret investigation, but was restored by
order of the Supreme Court in December
of last year. He has been acting as patrol
sergeant at the Central station.
Thomas S. Duke joined the force in De
cember. 1S95, and two years later was
proinoted to a sergeancy. His most .re
cent service was desk work at the South
ern station. \ ¦ . •
Chief of Police Wittman finished the
prosecution of the case against Policeman
L. L. Lcvings, charged with having at
tempted to extort a bribe from Mrs. Eliz
abeth Darling for "squaring" a case, of
grand larceny he had lodged against J; O.
Crothers in the Police Court. District At
torney Byington was called to the stand
and in response to questions put by Chief
Wittman he testified that Levings had
called on him in reference to the case
against Crothers #nd had during the con
versation given him the impression that
ho wanted to be lenient with Crothers.
The District Attorney testified that it was
his intention to charge the defendant.
Crothers, with obtaining goods by falso
pretenses, but that Levings suggested
that the charge be reduced to grand lar
ceny.
QEORGE BIRDSALL was promot
ed last night. from a lieutenancy
to a captaincy in the Police De
partment by the commission* to
take the place made vacant by
the appointment of Captain John B. Mar
tin as chief of detectives and the resigna
tion of Captain Seymour. At the same
meeting Henry Gleeson, James Kelly and
Thomas S. Duke were raised .from ser
geants to lieutenants to nil vacancies in
that rank.
Adams* Hair Restorer promotes growth re
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair. 50c. «
.Venice has a cafe which has been open
day and night for 150 years. *^
Boland Sues Conklin.
P. Boland, administrator, of . the estate
cf the late Daniel Mahoney, brought a
suit for an accounting - against Frank
Conklln yesterday. Boland alleges that
Conklln. as administrator of the estate of
the late T.. "W. Mahoney, to whom Daniel
Mahonev left his property, misappropriat
ed the funds of the testator. .
' The New York Central and Lake Shore
railroads have decided to place in- service
June 15 a new twenty-hour train to run
between ¦ New , York >and Chicago every
day ' in^the year. It will be called ,the
""'Twentieth Century Train." and it will be
beyopd all question the fastest long dis
tance train in the'.world, making the 080
miles between New York and Chicago in
exactly twenty hours, including all stops.
It will .leave Grand. Central station. New
York, at 2:45 p. m. each day, arriving
Grand Central- station. Chicago.' by tha
Lake Shore at 9f4f> next morning. Leave
Grand Central station. Chicago, at 12:30 p.
m.; arriving Grand Central station. New
York, at 9:30 next morning, thus saving a
day between the two cities. This is a real
twentieth century move, .In line with .the
gtnlus of American institutions.
York Cut to 20 Hours.
The Time Between Chicago and New
KAPID SERVICE.
TA reception was given in the- evening in
the Assembly Hall of the Red Mpn-<!
building by the lodges to th§ supreme Sf
ficers and delegates. A dance followed.
It was decided at the afternoon, session
to give a banquet to the officers and dele
gates to-morrow night and Mmes. Boehm
Raymond, Dygert and Scholten were ap
pointed to make the necessary arrange
ments. ¦ . .
A large portion of the afternoon, session
was taken up in the amendment of the
by-laws, which were adopted* six years,
ago and which are no longer advantage
ous on account of changed conditions
The changes made provide that lodges
shall have the power to elect any member
in rtnancial standing a representative to
the. supreme body. The law authorizing
each subordinate, lodge to elect a delegate
at large to the supreme body was re
pealed. A new section provides for a
board of arbitration in the subordinate
lodge and one in the supreme body with
right at appeal from the subordinate
board to the supreme board and from that
to the supreme body. An amendment
changing the time of collecting funeral
assessments from quarterly to monthlv
was adopted. It also provides that such
assessment must be transmitted before
the 15th of each month. A new section
provides that hereafter any new lodge in
stituted shall pay funeral • assessment
from date of institution. "Another new
section provides for the manner of ao
pointing deputy supreme presidents, who
shall not be members of the Iodf-e to
which assigned and giving such certain
powers. The supreme president is to have
the power to approve or revoke any or
all acts of the deputies. Hereafter a ma
jority of the supreme body instead of a
four-fifths vote shall be sufficient to alter
or amend the laws of the order It wis
also decided that if an officer absent hlm
selr from three 'consecutive meetlnes
?' 1 , t i 1O^ t « >n3t , lt ,V tional excuse - the office
held by the delinquent shall become "a
cant. • ¦
The report of the supreme president was
referred to the committee on distribution.
It showed that the order had organized
two lodges during the year. Oak Leaf and
Magnolia. One lodge, America, surrend
ered its charter and the membership was
taken in by Mizpah Lodge.
Mizpah Lodge — M. Hunter. H. Pries. L. E.
Murphy. E. Finney, C. Day and Mrs. Klch
ardson.
Harmony Lodges — C. Day.
Olive Branch — Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. Daly,
D. B. Dygert, Airs. Mosley and A. F. Veil.
Magnolia Lodge — Mrs. L. Carcass, H. Rudy,
J. S. Kirschbers and A. Berry.
Oak Leaf. Lodge^IL W, Lewis, L. McMil
lan and I>r. C. C. Gleaves.
Lincoln Lodge— M. N. Clark, A. Clark, Mrs.
Burresss, pr. J. O. Crawford, Mrs. S. Tryon,
Mrs. Strong, Mrs. Bertha E. Mackrett and Mrs.
Schweinhard.
Pioneer Lodge — L. Hecker. S. L. Sandman.
E. A. Jeffrey, M. A. Ford. Miss A. Grant and
O. Prescott.
DELEGATES.
Past supreme presidents — Mrs. A. Boehm,
Mrs. E. M. McLane. Mrs. I. F. Raymond: su
preme president. Mrs. M. M. Reid; vice presi
dent, Mrs. J. F. Davidson; chaplain, Mrs. J.
Miller; secretary. Mrs. Lena Scholten; treas
urer. A. 13. Craig; marshal. Lillian Dygert;
warden. Mrs. Trennell: guard, Mrs. I. K. Mar
shall; sentinel, Mrs. Marquart; organist. Miss
Hyneman; auditors — Ida BlackaM. E. Tillman
and L. Q. Bacon, and trustees — M. Boehm, J.
Rlnner and A. K. Herman.
The Supreme Ix>dge of the Friends of
the Forest, a purely local fraternal, sick
benefit and funeral aid asociation. met in
sixth annual session in the Red Men's
building yesterday morning with Supreme
President Mrs. M. M. Reid in the chair.
The following past and supreme officers
and delegates were present:
Here the trouble' commenced, or at least
at . this point Royston's trouble com
menced. He went to sixteen -different
stands in as many parts of the city, and
could not make a single bootblack under
stand what the subpena meant. The sons
of Italy "who maka da boota shina. lika
da sun" could not or would not under
stand when he requested them to' appear
before the jury,. He was told by the
bootblacks that they "no- catena, the com
prehend," or that "if we leava da work
we losa da mon." After trying- ;th'b ; six
teenth Royston gave up in despair and
went back to report that the authority of
the Grand Jury had been woefully ig-
The trouble arose when the Grand
Jury suddenly awoke to the fact thatUhe
bootblack stands which from time,im
memorial have held prominent but rather
objectionable positions pn the sidewalks,
are in direct violation of -thd charter, in
that they encroach and' obstruct the pub
lic highways. It was decided to investi
gate, the matter and to find out in what
locality rested the pull: of the bootblacks
which gave them leave to ignore the law.
Accordingly. Police Officer Samuel W;
Royston was instructed to summon
twenty of the principal bootblacks to'ap
pear before the jury. ¦ . . v.
The members of the Grand Jury have
donned war paint and are resting on their
arms ready to do battle at a moment's
notice. They claim that the sacred ma-'
jesty of the law, as represented by their
august body, has been most flagrantly ig
nored, and they are panting and thirsting
for vengeance. -The innocent offenders
and the cause of the jurymen's wrath are
the sons of sunny Italy who operate
bootblack stands on the public streets. It
is not feared that an International com
plication will grow out of the. difficulty,
but it is certain that a labor disturbance
will result, as the jurymen have signi
fied their intention of declaring a boy
cott against the wieldcrs of the blackpn
ing brushes. .-.-'. . .' . . * "
Friends of the Forest
Hold Their Annual
Session.
"When the jury convened yesterday
afternoon anil not a single bootblack put
In appearance. Foreman Sonntag an
nounced that he was in favor of a boy
cott, and said that as for one he would
do his own shining hereafter. The fore
man's words were greeted with applause.
In the absence of the bootblacks, the
Grand Jury examined the owners of fruit
wagons which, obstruct the streets in va
rious parts of the city. It is intended to
clear the streets, if possible, of all ob
structions In the nature of fruit wagons
and bootblack stands.
nored. Royston said that in one place the
usually urbane Scions of the Caesars
threatened to mob him. ¦ .
Bootblacks Feign Igno
rance When Called
by Grand Jury.
SUPREME LODGE
AMENDS BY-LAWS
VETERAN OFFICER OF .THE
POIJCE DEPARTMENT WHO
WON PROMOTION.
MAJESTY OF LAW
MEETS A REBUFF
Former Lieutenant George Birdsall Now-Entitled to -the Double
Bars— Commission Hears Various Matters* .
EFFICIENT OFFICER OF POLICE
IS RAISED TO RANK OF CAPTAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, > WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1902.
12
This week we will have on Special Sale the
following lots of HOUSEKEEPING GOODS, all
of which, on examination will be found
extra values.
LINEN DEPARTMENT.
350 BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2, 2}4
and 3 uards long. Prices $1.75, S2.5O and
$3.00 each. These are from one of the hest
Irish manufacturers and are a decided, hargaln. We
have full-size DINNER NAPKINS cjq nft n 0
to match each design in cloths at.. OuiUU UUlcI!
LINEN DEPARTMENT.
200 Dozen BLEACHED DINNER NAPKINS, full siZ3 and
• satin Damask (Irish. manufacture). These come in
nine different patterns, and as we have no Tame
Cloths to match, the lot will he sold otj rn n*ynn
LINEN DEPARTMENT.
175 Dozen Extra Large BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS, soft
finish and purs white Damask borders, Thsss
Towels were a special purchase from Richardson
sons & Owdenj Belfast, Ireland, q^ r\c\ n n -?nn
Wili he sold at OH-iUU liuZSli
Present Value S5.OO
QUILT DEPARTMENT.
165 White and Colored BEDSPREADS, ail full sizs, both
hemmed and fringed, These come assorted In Mar-
seilles satin ffnish and English 00 en r Qp L
mltcheline. All reduced to OZiJU Ldbii
BLANKET DEPARTMENT.
3 Bales (90 pairs) ALL-WOOL GRAY BLANKETS, Yern
fine aualitu and size for three-quarter beds. , This
is a veru desirable. Blanket for camp- QQ flfl Doir
ing purposes. Price ; OjiUU rdli
¦¦¦We have received anolher large shipment of ENGLISH
AND SCOTCH TENNIS SHIRTING FLANNELS, in a
great Yarletu of new patterns and Golorings. These
come 30 and 38 inches wide and will be. sold at
L..- ...35c and 5Oc per Yard
We wili also 'continue this week in our Wash Goods
Department our Special Sale of FRENCH PRINTED
SATEENS and IMPORTED GINGHAMS at.|5c Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samoles
forwarded free to any address.
******
III. H3. 115. 117. 119. 121 FOST STREET.
'A FOUR DAY
SALE OF»
MILLiNERY.
From Wednesday Morning Until Satur-
day Night. •
SK.OO
Will Buy Any Trimmed Hat
in the Store That Origin-
ally Sold Up to; $12.50.
The hats are beautiful enough to please
the'most critical taste — the variety Is !
broad enough to make 'selection easy —
and ."the price is so very, low that it
leans strongly toward sensationalism. 1
. The manager says the- sale will last j
the balance of . the ' week. '" But we
doubt.lt. There are '.too many clever
¦women looking for just such a chance.
Prompt comers - will fare best most
likely. . • •
BARGAIN TALK
is something., we indulge In very cau-
tiously. Bargain " talk this store
must be founded on facts or you don't
hear It. '. There >are so many genuine
bargains here at present that it is al-
most a temptation to become eloquent .
in their praise were It not for the fact
that we always understate rather than
overstate the good values we offer,
.that, you may be more agreeably sur-
prised when you come to make your
selections. ; '
:. -THE FURRIER^
Millinery • Cloaks ? Suits
2 19 Grant Avenufi
NEWS >ff~om the^
CONSOLIDATION
3ALE
Both our P.ost and Market street stores were
vded with shoppers yesterday and Monday.
- n ds of dollars' worth of high-grade mer-
at closi^g-out prices.
: *i '" mornings if. you can; One
here to serve you. .
r . STORE IS GOING
BUSINESS.
r LIONS of Women Use CUTICURA SOAP, assisted by
CUTICURA OINTMENT, for preserving, purifying,
and beautifying: the skin, for cleansing the scalp of
crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair,
for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore
h2nds, for baby rashes, itchmgs, and chafings, in the form of baths
for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offensive
perspiration, in the form of washes, for ulccrative weaknesses, and
many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest them-
selves to women, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath,
and nursery.
CUTICURA SOAP combines <frftrate emollient properties derived from
CUTICURA OINTMENT, the great skin ctsre, with the purest of cleansing tn-
preditnts and the most retrrshmg of flower odours. No other medicated soap ever
compounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying
Ihe sfcin, «calp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toikt soap, how-
ever expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and
nursery-Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, the BEST skm
aad complexion soap, and the BEST toilet and baby soap in the world. \
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour, $1.00.
Consisting of CCTICOKA SOAT, 25c., to clcan6c the skin of crusts
/fifiJLZ s*mvme* &u<i scales, and eoftcn the thickened cuticle; Odtjcura Oint-
B ttl ¥ lltl B a/lMENT, 60c., to instantly allav itching, inflammation, and irritation.
\t*l'*V**Jl*« aurt gootae atK i ) lca l; and CcncnEA RESOLVKirr Pills, 25c., to
cool and cleanse the blood. A Sixglk Set is often uufficlent to
The Set, SI cure the most torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, and scaly
tumours eczemas, rashes, and irritaOouB, with losa of hair, when all else rails. Sold
throuicbout me world. Britten Depot: V7 28. Charterhouse Sq., London. French Depot:
6 Ettte4e la Paix. PariB. Potter Dkoo asv Chem. Corp., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A.
nilTimini OronitfCE'T DIIIC (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless,
?¦ IT CUKA HloULVlM I LLO odorless, economical sutwUtute for the cele-
iTrrJd lin" " Cirri^ « for all other blood purifiers and humour
n.rrai Put op in pocket vials, containing <» doses, price 25c. CtmcpitA Pills are altera.
uvT intiUptic, tonic, and digestiTe. and beyonrf question the purest, sweetest, most
eufxissfulaiirt Economical blood axid elan purifiers, humour cures, and tonic-digestive*
yet cos pounded.
8 lew/ A oi Kit v Sral O rSS^. i
BEST. TABLE B U TT11B square 34e
Fresh rtch creamery butter. If you pay
more you ray too much.
HIRES' ROOT BEER or Lemonade
Extract Pkg. 10c
Makes ."• gallons.
PIM-OLAS Stuffed Olive 3 bot. 25e
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP
3-lb. Bar 21c
Imported. Pure and cleansing. 3 limit.
ASTI WINES Port or Sherry.
gal. 67ir
Six years old. Mild and rich: * welt v
worth $1. Sample wines at store.
ZINFANDEL Perfect Red Wine.
Gal. 45c
Vintage of 'OC. Smooth, full body win<».
MILLER WHISKY Quart bot. 64c
Reliable brand. I"ur>; Bourbon.
Our liquor prices 25 per cent Wwer than
exclusive dealers.
FRENCH SARDINES 12 to r. in
each can 3 for '2~>v
Jjp Filote brand. In pure oil.
WANTED — Very choicest fruit and
berries from sroweri". to be used in
Mrs. Faber's Preserving Kitchen. Ad-
dress Taylor-street store.
110 TAYLOR ST. AND UcAUJSTER
AND FILLMORE STS.
All-wool Suits to Order £^>
Fine Dressy Suits to /p>££*J
$20.00. I MWi
Pants $4.50 up. VJrJIt^S K
Joe Poheiffl,ll|r
THE TAILOR, W#9
1110 and 1112 Market St. \tM
201 and 203 Monfy St. { IB
143 South Spring St., I S^*??*^
. Los Angeles. , ?B^^^?
Perfect Fit Guaranteed
or No Sale. ©^"^
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service daily to
Kansas City and St. Louis i
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meais a la carte.
<-.f erS e nal J y con ducted excursions to Kansas
I' S t - T , Louls - Chicago. New York. Boston
addnfs Eastern »° ln t 3 - For full information
L. M. FLETCHER.
„. . „, , Pacific Coast Asent.
126 California st.. San Francisco. Cal. _
£0r'&£f, Weak Eyes Strengthened.
i&gi&jM^ Painful or Inflamed tyt* u-
?aaitBj itantly relieved with GKORLiQ.—
fy53»£? MAYERLE'S Cerman Ej» ,
'4#/*^ Water. 6Oc. at 1071 Mark*s
-,/A "7-v.i »l. TeL Eouta 672. None ««n-
uine without this tradem.i'»
Weekly Call. $1 Der Tear
It ¦ is better to have no '
piano at all than to have a
poor one. . '. . .¦:¦¦ '%
It is better not to buy than
to buy of a firm you feel you
cannot depend upon.
Kohler & Ghase:havc, to-
day, the largest, stock of
pianos in this city. . They've
marked these instruments in
plain figures, close to cost,
and offer you easy terms in
spite of their low prices.
. There is absolutely no ex-
cuse in buying a piano else-
where while Kohler. &"¦ Ghasc
•offer .the values they are. of-
fering these days. -v •
A[IV V, H.T*f ;»« f<; 'pa f. iM'JTt-
ADVERTISEMENTS^