MRS. BERT WARD, FORMER
LY : ESTELJ..E % BAKER, : THE
FRIEND' OF NORA FUDL.ER.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Three.
DENVER, Colo., April 8.— The report
from Colorado Springs that the American
Smelting and Refining Company was en
deavoring to obtain control of all the ore
samplers in the Cripple Creek district
was denied to-day- by officials 'of that
company In. this city. It was admitted,
however, that there, is. a movement on
foot for consolidating three or four Crlp
j?lfc Creek samplers. .'
Ore Samplers to Be Merged.
UKIAH, April 8.— News came to-day
that a five-month-old child of A. L.. Whit
ney, near Boonville, in this county, had
been burned to death. Mrs. Whitney left
the babe In a basket in front of the open
fireplace, where there was a hot iire. and
went Into the kitchen. In some way the
basket was overturned and the child roll
ed on to the slowing coals, where it was
burned to a crisp. - % .'
Death.
Meets a Horrible
BABY ROLLS OUT OF
BASKET INTO FIRE
Fivc-Month-Old Boonville Infant
'< '¦ a" •; • • : -.-.¦: .-
Mrs. Ward— then/ Miss ¦ Baker — was
employed in. thie Olympia when she first
met them together, and Nora , Fuller
then told her; that he was her "dearest
friend/' "¦ Nora^Fuller/A introduced % the
man of nij'stery<to her one nij?ht during
the ¦month- of August,- but,;unfortunate
ly, Mrs.YVVani cannot recall^ ..his .name;
She : remembers: his 'appearance with a
keenness as , to detail, and 4 she J says ¦ that
it, corresponds with • that ; of /the
published descriptions of John Bennett;
alias Hawkins. .. Mrs. 'Ward's "obs'erva
tionsi during ¦ the ; time! she met : Nora
Puller with her mysterious companion
bid fair.to . put ¦ the detectives upon a
better trail than they ,hayc ; yet devel
oped, in , the vain , search-' for. the -'-murr
derer^ 1 . ;;* ' • ¦'•;' : ' ' v ' '•: ':'• "/":-''•.
subsequently, met , him in the Popular
restaurant. Not only had Nora ; been
acquainted with him for ; some months
before ' she ', fell a victim to his hideous
brutality, but she had visited the Olym
pia and other, like resorts and was prac
tically his .companion • for fully -four
months before 'her life ,;vas taken 'by
the monster
t ~ ~ ~ — : ; — -¦ v
Man and Girl Often
Visitors at the:
Olympia.
VAL.L.EJO, April 8.— A prisoner brought
up from the battleship -Wisconsin yester
day will devote much spare time during
the next two years to flag etiquette.
When told to salute the stars and stripes
he flunsr the flag to the deck, jumped
upon it and used vile language. He was
handed over to a court-martial board and
sentenced to two years' confinement The
"Star-spangled Banner" will be wafted
through his cell window twice each day
by the .prison band.
Twice Daily in Front of Sea
man's Prison Cell.
Band Will Play "Stars and Stripes"
NOVEL PUNISHMENT FOR
INSULTING "OLD GLORY"
Mrs. Ward's story sets'- at VestV all
doubts as to whether Nora Fuller knew
her, murderer before the day. on which
she answered his advertiscrrient • . and
-To The Call correspondent the young
woman made a statement this' afternoon
which supplies many missing links irf
the case and which may in a: -broad,
measure materially change the . line of
investigation now being pursued ' by
Captain Seymour and his detectives. "--¦¦;
NORA'S "DEAREST FRIEND>«>>.
been searching in
nection with the mysterious murder of
Nora Fuller, in San Francisco, is in this
city. She is the ever vanishing friend
of Nora Fuller whose whereabouts has
been a matter of deep concern to those
interested in the solution of the, hor
rible crime.' When discovered. here a
few days ago by City Marshal Kennedy
she started to make a statement which
was to have been forwarded to Chief of
Police Wittman of San , Francisco, but
before she could tell what she knew of
Nora Fuller and'the man who strangled
her in the vacant house on Sutter street
she became violently ill and irrational.
The authorities deferred their, examina
tion until to-morrow, when Miss Baker
(who, by the way, is now. Mrs. Bert
Ward) will unfold a tale that will per
haps put the police on the track of the
missing murderer. . \
w vr • WILLIAMS, Ariz.; April
H J& / ¦ 8.— Estelle Baker, the
T&/ Q/- ' young woman, for
V f whom the police have
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'.-. - : ENTER A RESTAURANT. „-
When the. couple were about half way.
down the! block Mrs! Ward- walked
toward 'the ; ; San : Antonio, , watching
them from behind. .AVhen they- got in
front; of the Saddle - Rock ; restaurant
they stopped and 'Nora Fuller . moved^
back ! as though she - wanted to ; leave
-, The first time Mrs. Ward saw Ben
nett she ;was so unfavorably impressed
by his appearance that she warned
Nora Fuller to be .careful of her com
panion.' The unfortunate girl ; replied,
"Oh,; he's all-right; "he's my; dearest
friend." - * " ¦
-On that occasion, Miss Baker, says,
Bennett grew tired of looking' at the
performance .and suggested that they
leave the Olympia. and adjourn to some
restaurant and get ;' some refreshments.
Mrs.' Ward declined, the invitation, be
cause she' did not like the stranger's
appearance or . manners; but she
walked out. with them as far as the
street. Mrs. Ward bade the | couple
'.'Good night," and after she turned to
leave she., heard • Miss ? Fuller's com
"Gonieon, Nora; we'll go around to
that little place on Taylor street."-;
Miss Baker was then living:* in the
San Antonio, on_ Taylor street, between
Golden* Gate avenue" and Turk : - street.
Having no desire to walk with • , Nora
arid; her male friend ; any farther she
walked down Mason street and up Turk
toward her lodgings. When she reached
the • corner 'of Turk | and;'; Taylor
streets saw, Nora Fuller and
her friend on the other side of Taylor
street. They 'were walking toward
Market street, and Mrs. Ward .waited
until they were across the street be
fore she went any. farther.
Says Bennett and His
Victim Were Inti
mate Friends.
' Shortly after . this second meeting
Mrs. Ward met Nora Fuller alone in the
Olympia one afternoon. She asked the
young girl -what she was doing itherc
arid "Nora replied that she wanted to go
on .the stage and had .come to apply
for a place as an amateur. Miss Fuller
SEEKS POSITION ON STAGE.
A few nights afterward the Fuller
girl and her friend visited the Olvmpia
again and met Mrs. Ward. This time
the young performer took particular
notice of Miss Fuller's companion. She
noticed the defect in his eye. and she
says that it is her impression that it
was more of a scar over the eyebrow
and directly ttnder it than anything
else. According to. her impression, he
had a pecuiir.r rose and a rather sen.
suous, drooping mouth. His manner
was nervous and rather imperious, and
Mrs. Ward noticed on more than one
occasion that when he spoke he shifted
his shoulders backward and threw out
his chest. \. . .
him. He caught her by the arm and,
evidently yielding to his, entreaties, they
entered the little restaurant, which Is
just above Golden Gate avenue.
From the manner in which the man.
Jwho Mrs. Ward is absolutely convinced
was Bennett, spoke when he mentioned
"the little. restaurant on Taylor street"
she is quite certain that Nora Fuller
and her ymurderer often visited the
place. ,
CHICAGO, April 8.— Official announce
ment was made to-day at the offices of
the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Rail
road Company of the appointment of T.
P. Eustis to passenger traffic manager
ship of the sysCem. Eustis. who has been
general passenger agent of the Burling
ton, will have general supervision of all
the passenger business- on all lines of the
system.
Burlington Has a New Manager.
Describes the Pecu=
liarities of the
Murderer.
The boy was last seen late last night
swinging on a gate in front of his fath
er's h'ouse, and he did not appear when
the rest of the family retired to bed. A
search was made, and early this morning
tie was found hanging in the barn. He
had crawled high on a beam, tied a rope
atound his neck and then jumped .off,
his feet being within two feet of the
floor. The boy apparently had been in
the best of spirits yesterday.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April S.^Because
he was not permitted to walk from school
with a young girl of his . acquaintance,
Alexander Tumross, an 11-year-old boy.
committed suicide to-day in Revelstoke
by hanging, himself.
mitted to Walk From School
With a Girl.
Despondent Because He Is Not Per-
ELEVEN- YEAR-OLD LAD
ENDS LIFE BY HANGING
SALT LAKE, April 8.— A dispatch re
ceived In this city to-day from Mackay,
Idaho, the terminus of the Oregon Short
Line branch into Central Idaho, an
nounces that the Miners* Union at that
point has called out all the miners and
other workmen employed by the White
Knob Copper Company. It is stated the
strike involves 1000 men. No information
as to thf cause of the strike Is given.
When the company is ready to begin
again, it is said, it will hire non-union
men only.
The first step taken was to issue notices
to the miners occupying houses owned by
the company to move. . The first of these
ejectment notices were served last Thurs
day, - and were to miners who had been
among the leaders of the strike. AH of
the " others ; are to have similar - notices
served upon \ them . during the present
week, and with their families will be com
pelled to move. In addition to this, the
company's stores have been practically
closed and the clerks dismissed.
PITTSBURG, April 8.— The Post to-mor
row will say: A remarkable development
in the coal miners' strike in the central
district fields has been taking place dur-
Ine the past few days. It was learned
from official sources to-night that the
strike of the miners there, and particu
larly those who were employed by; the
Rochester and PUtsbufg Coal Company,
has determined the coal company on dras
tic measures for stamping out all union-
Ism in their section. The Rochester and
Pittsbufg Company, which employs fully
10,000 men, despairing of a 1 "settlement of
the troubles with its miners, has «lven
orders to, close; the 'mines.: ;;This order
means the absolute idleness of the prop
erties of the company far atleastall of the
present summer.". It win ;^eave the, miners
without work whether', they would work
or. hot, -and" will seriously affect business
in Punxsutawney. ¦ ' - - - .-¦'. -
Spedal Dispatch to The Call.
On that branch of the investigation 'cov
ering' the cost of articles, etc., -General
Voung. summing: up the, Chamberlain re
port, says that In one case where the
bill was J105.21S, the work Is pronounced
"generally unsatisfactory, charges ex-
HIGH PRICES PAID.
In other respects, it is, stated, the re
port shows that work was given out and
Eupplies for general use (such as the fit
ting up of cabins) were purchased with
out due regard to the protection of the
Government's Interests.
General Young also specifies the case
of "an inexperienced man, who knew
nothing about paints, being employed to
cupervise painting in a business where
the painting bill of a mingle firm in two
years and two months amounted to
$343,074."
"In the case of the Hancock (before the
beard was organized). Involving an ex
penditure approximating If not amounting
to half a million dollars, the matter of in
dicating needed repairs was put Into the
hands of officials unknown to transport
regulations, under verbal orders and
plenary power -given by the honorable
Secretary cf War to insure more sanitary
arrangements on that transport"
Major General S. B. M. Young, in trans
mitting the report of Chamberlain, sub
mits an pnalyeis of the report showing
no adequate supervision to any feature
of the fitting out of transports for a long
time after the service was inaugurated,
and later the efforts to reform the sys
tem. General Young specifies lack of se
curing competitive bids. He says:
ANALYSIS BY YOUNG.
Secretary Root said in his letter of
transmission that the documents will
place the House in complete possession
of all the facts which it seeks. The re
ports of Inspector General Chamberlain
and Lieutenant Colonel Maus were not
sent to the Committee on Military Affars
of i he Senate, and the minority of that
committee subjected the War Department
to considerable criticism for withholding
them. The Secretary In explanation said
that.according to the exact language of
the Senate resolution, these reports were
not caJled for. The House resolution
called for all of the facts In the Secre
tary's possession regarding the transport
service, and it is further, explained that
on this account Root has included all of
the documents received at the department
covering the Investigation.
Another result of the investigations was
the almost clean sweep of the clerical
force connected with the service in San
Francisco.
Other statements made in these reports
show that there was negligence in the fit
ting out of transports; that there was no
advertising for bids for materials, and
that the Government's interests received
little or no protection. The state of af
fairs is disclosed which resulted in the
transfer of Major O. F. Long, general su
perintendent of the transport service, and
enforced the resignation of Captain John
Ba meson, marine superintendent of the
transport service.
In some instances it is said that the
cost of furnishing transports used in this
service was all cf 100 per cent above the
isnge of prices of material at that time.
UNCLE SAM NOT PROTECTED.
- CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. X.
"ST., WASHINGTON. April S.— In response
to the resolution adopted by the House
on March 15, Secretary Root to-day sent
to that body an immense mass of docu
ments covering special investigations
made by officers of the War Department
of the transport service between San
Francisco and the Philippines. The re
port sent in by the Secretary covers
pages of typewritten matter reaching into
the thousands, some of which are copies
of reports made to the department and
others the original documents themselves.
Among the most important of these
papers are the reports of Inspector Gen
eral Chamberlain and Lieutenant Colonel
Maus, which go into the details of the In
vestigation, conducted by them Into the
i.'tj-f cut of transports-~u*ed.-oo.the Pa
ciSe, and which charge that preferences
were made In contracts with special
firms.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
The defense ' requested that - a subpena
be served on the adjutant general, de-
Captain David D. Porter, Captain
Hiram Borzz and T lieutenant Frank Hat
field, all cf the marine corps, testified
corroborativelr.
The major repeated this order to Cap
tain Porter, saying: "We do not make
war in that way on old men, women arid
r'children."
MANILLA; April 8.— Major Littleton W.
T. "Waller at to-day's session of the court*
martial by which he i3 being tried testi
fied in rebuttal of the evidence given yes
terday by General Jacob H. Smith, who
commanded the American troops in the
island of Samar. .General Smith, he said,
instructed Aim to kill and burn, and said
that the more he killed and burned the
better pleased he would be; that it'waa
no time to take prisoners, and that 'ho
was to make Samar a howling wilderneu. -
Major. "Waller asked General Smith to de
fine the age limit for killing, and he re
plied: "Every tiling over 10." .
"EVERYTHING OVER TEN."
The investigation of the. committee re
garding the excesses of American troops
will probably be extended as a result
of the publication of the statement , of
Major "Waller and other officers of the
marine corps that .Brigadier General
Jacob EL Smith .gave instructions to the
marines to kill and -burn; that the moro
they burned and killed the better pleased
he would be, and that Samar was to be
made a howling wilderness. General Chaf
fee will be directed to make a search
ing investigation into these allegations.
Besides the serious effect of the publica
tion of such charges will have lm this
country the relations between the ma
rines and the array will certainly not ba
Improved thereby. General Smith is now
under, orders to return to the United
States to assume command of the De
partment of Texas, but these orders will
probably be suspended pending an in
quiry into the charges of Major Wall*r
and other, marine officers.
"There doubtless have been Incidents of
excess," he said, "but the general con
duct of our troop3 has been of the oppo
site character, as general orders directed.
All violations of the rules of war have
been instantly punished."
In his testimony before the committea
to-day Major General MacArthur declared
he doubted that any war of modern times
has been coriducted^with aa much human
ity and self-restraint as has the rebellion
In the Philippines.
Accompanying the letter is a statement
made by Governor Taft giving an expla
nation of his failure to tell the committee
about the Tayabas report when he was
testifying before It. and the letter of
transmittal sent by the Secretary of War.
The charges are general in character.
They fail to specify any particular out
rage, nor do -they present the name of a
single officer or man who perpetrated the
terrible ' outrages ' with which the army
is charged. Secretary Root has been in
formed by General Chaff ee that he ia
making an investigation. of charges and
when the general's report is received it
will be submitted to the committee.
The committee did not make the letter
public, but it i3 learned that it specifically
charges that American troops, principally
Macabebes, were guilty of astounding
outrages, including the assassination of
Innocent natives and the burning of their
homes." The conduct of the army in Taya
bas is 'further- criticised because . of its
.'attitude toward the civil Government.
Considerable friction has existed between
the civil Governor and army officers witii
the result" that the good anticipated from
the civil Government has not been ob
tained.
CHARGES NOT SPECIFIED.
This is the letter upon which . General
Miles based his statement that the war
in the Philippines "has been conducted
with marked severity."
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G "STREET, N.
W.. V WASHINGTON, April 8,-Charges of
the gravest character are made against
the army in the Philippines by the civil
Governor of Tayabas in a letter to Gov
ernor Taft, a copy of which was submit
ted by Secretary Root this afternoon to
the Senate Committee on the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Proulx was found unconscious and
the doctors say she was- drugged. For
several days she was In a critical
tion.
Mrs.' O'Grady stoutly^ declares her Inno
cence, and denies that she was the woman
who went driving with Mrs. Proulx, but
.the police to-day discovered that Mrs.
•O'Grady had several other engagements
with rich women to take 'them out driv
ing, and that she requested each one to
wear all her diamonds for effect." The
fact is also recalled that the husband and
son of Mrs. O'Grady died suddenly and
within a year of each other, and that she
collected insurance on their lives. The
police are going on the theory that their
deaths were not natural and are investi
gating. They are also looking into sev
eral poisoning cases which now appear
I suspicious. . .
BUTTE, Mont., April S.— Mrs. Minnie
O'Grady, a widow, is under arrest on a
strange charge of grand larceny. Mrs.
Emma Proulx, a friend of the accused
and a rich widow, says Mrs. O'Grady in
duced her to take a buggy ride a few
nights ago and to wear all her diamonds
for display. Before starting Mrs. O'Grady
gave her friend some medicine for rheu
matism. A few minutes later Mrs. Proulx
became sick and desired to return home,
but Mrs. O'Grady took her out into the
country, where she left her by the road
side in a lonely place, after relieving her
of all her diamonds, several thousand dol
lars in value. .
Notices of Ejectment
Served on Strike
Leaders.
Butte Widow Accused
of Many Serious
Crimes.
Shows That Favored
Firms Received
High Rates.
Principal Offenders
Said to Be Maca*
bebes.
Ten Thousand Men to
Be Thrown Out
of Work.
Assassination and the
Burning of Homes
Charged.
Big Prices Are Paid by
Men in Charge at
This Port.
Guests Are Induced
to Wear Their
Diamonds.
Astounding Outrages
Are Alleged in the
Philippines.
Rich Women Robbed
in a Peculiar
Manner.
Coal Company's Cruel
Method With the
Miners.
Root Submits the Re=
ports Concerning
Transports.
COSTLY
PACIFIC
SERVICE
INTENDS
TO FIGHT
UNIONISM
VICTIMS
INCLUDE
WEALTHY
TROOPS
COMMIT
CRIMES
p$TELLE BAKER, the friend of Nora Fuller, for whom Captain Scyinour's detectives have Been searching isinceihe murder in the Suiter-street house, has been found in Williams, Ariz. She has given to The Call a full statement of •
her knowledge of the mysterioiis John Bennett, and it proves to be the most important work upon. Miss Baker (now Mrs. Bert Ward) says that Bennett and Nora Fuller
were almost constant companions for months preceding the murder; that Miss Fuller introduced Bennett to her as^'My'd^ the two frequented the Olmypia, where Miss Baker zvas employed in
variety roles. Bennett and the young girl patronised a little restaurant on Taylor streets Miss' Baker says tJiere^ is lUiled lured by Bennett's promise that she should be mistress of a luxu-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 130.
SAN FRANCISCO, APRILi 9, 1902:
ESTELLE BAKER , FOUND IN ARIZONA
THROWS LIGHT ON FULLER TRAGEDY
The San Francisco Call.Continued from Page One.
Continued From Fags One.
TROOPS COMMIT CRIMES.
TORTURED BY I/ADRONES.
Hacked to , Pieces.
Five Members of Constabulary Arc
MANILA, •:; April 8.— Fifty ladrones,
armed with rifles , and .bolos, recently at-,
tacked five members of the constabulary
of Sarsegch,' Southeast Luzon,', captured
three of . them and treated the captives'
with ; barbarity, \ eventually cutting them
Into small pieces. "A large force of con
stabulary went in: pursuit of the la
drones. -.¦;. ;,-;,¦ -.| . . .
At Manila up \ to ; noon - to-day 1S4 ; cas»s
of cholera had . occurred, and there , had
been ; 140 deaths , from . that ; disease.
PostJ Surgeon '.Hagency, from Bulucan.
capital -of the "province of that name, has
reported f eighty -one . cases; of "^ cholera
there."; and-has asked- for assistance. '
Election. Cases Decided.
WASHINGTON, April 8.— House Elec
tion Committee No. 2 to-day agreed to re
port favorable to Emmett Tompklns in
the contest brought by ex-Representative
John J. Lentz of the Twelfth Ohio Dis
trict." The report reviews the charges of
irregularity, but does not find any ot them
sufficient to affect the election. -* - *
The committee determined the contested
election case of Fowler vs. Thomas from
the Third North Carolina District in favor
of the sitting member,, Thomas.
WASHINGTON, April 8.— The House bill
establishing civil government in >the Phil
lipines was finally perfected to-day by the
Republican members of the Insular Com
mittee, and in its complete form -was re-
Introduced by Chairman Cooper. There is
little doubt that it will be reported to the
House by the full committee, probably to- i
morrow, and ft the form Cooper Intro- 1
duced it to-day. , j
: The House bill is unlike that>of the Sen
ate in that it provides a complete form of
civil government for r the islands, to go
into effect when' the war terminates, the j
provision being as follows:
"Whenever the existing insurrection In
the Philippines' shall have ceased and a
condition of ; general and ¦ complete peace
shall have been established therein, and
the facts shall be certified to . the Presi
dent by the commission, the President
shall authorize the commission to call a
general election for the choice of the dele
gates to a popular assembly, of the people j
of the Philippine Islands, to be known as
the Philippine Assembly."
It is further provided that all the exec
utive power then shall be vested in two
houses — the -Philippine Commission and
the ' Philippine Assembly. Provision is
made for taking the census within thirty
days after . the r promulgation of peace.
Thereafter the islands are to be divided
into election districts, and the regular
machinery for electing "a Legislature is
provided.
Section 12 of the - bill provides that all
residents of the Philippines shall have the
same protection from the United States in
their . returns to foreign governments as
is accorded to /citizens of the United
States. • For the purchase of the friar
lands the bill makes provision for the Is
suance of insular bonds at 5 per cent, In
terest payable in gold, the total amount
not being; specified. The regulation - of
franchises, timber lands, mineral lands,
etc., is provided for. A system of coinage
differs from that in the Senate bill, as it
makes gold the standard, with Philippine
token "money, of -silver, maintained at a
parity with gold. The - peso is to be of
silver. It will equal our silver dollar in
size and be worth half as much.
Not Guilty of Smuggling.
TUCSON, Ariz., April 8.— The United
States .j. Grand Jury to-day ," ignored the
charge of smuggling against Paymaster
Charles J. Robinson of the Southern Pa
cific Company, and Edward Parker, Ga
briel " Smith and A. - Wilson, employes j of
Ihe : paymaster. % . Several months ago. at
Nogales, some Mexican ; cigars were found
In 'the paymaster's car.,. It was taken for
granted ; by I the customs ] officials that I the
cigars had been smuggled into the United
States. Robinson and hi3 clerks were ar
rested and • gave •- bonds to appear to-day
before' the Grand Jury.. . .'
Miss Baker is best known as a vaude
ville performer, having been employed by
various concert halls in this city as a
singer and reciter.' She is also known in
Mrs. Bert Ward, formerly Estelle
Baker, is well known In this city, where
she lived for many years, and where the
male members of her family are engaged
In business. Her father and mother, to
gether with one brother, reside, in Oak
land, while another, Walter Baker,, lives
at M23 . Howard street.
Olympia s Stage Manager Says
She Did Not Appear There
as an Amateur. ¦
NQRA FULLER
NOT ON STAGE
Mrs. Saracco admitted last night that
her daughter would .be 18 ; years of age
on June 17, of this year, "although -during
the excitement of 'the- Fuller, case '-she'
always , claimed that Madge was ¦ not v ]g "
, years old. .The; mother' said -lastinlgiit !
that Madge was. beyond her -control, and I
after having an interview with her^hus- )
band; declared .that "she did not- believe
her daughter had been •; attacked as al
leged;- The charge against Saracco y will
be heard by Judge Cabaniss this morning.
It was not until .yesterday morning,
when Mrs. Saracco accused, her daugh
ter of wrong, doing that Madge Graham
alleged that she had been assaulted. Mrs:
Saracco telephoned for ,; Detective 'Tom
Gibson, : and when the officer . arrived a at
the house he was asked by - the - mother
to place Madge in the Magdalen Asylum;
as ¦ she was beyond, control. The - girl
violently protested against - such ¦ a - step,
and . made an attempt .to ? cut her throat
with a razor. ¦ Gibson wrenched' the razor
frcm her. hand, and was slighty cut ' on
the wrist in so- doing. He then took
Madge : and *her mother . to police ' head
quarters, where a .warrant was sworn
to for Saracco's arrest. - ; , -.• :
Mrs. Saracco first* heard 'of theallege.l
assault from her r landlady, Mrs. M. Kir
by. On Monday night Mrs. Kirby was
called by a roomer named ; Erland Soder
berg, who informed her:that Madge Gra
ham was crying in her room., Mrs. Kir
by went to . the . room, ' but : no complaint,
was made to her by the young- • girl. ¦ ¦>
Saracco was arrested- last night and
locked up in the prison; in the Hall of
Justice/ When he returned to his, rooms
in the early part of the evening he denied
to his wife that he had attacked her
daughter.
Saracco Is a young man, about 27 years
old," and' is a son of a well-known whole
sale liquor merchant of this city. He was
formerly a gunner on the battleship Ore
gon,. • and married * Madge Graham's
mother in December last while in Se
attle. - \ ¦-.•: v.
Madge Graham, the j young girl who
¦was. 5 an intimate friend ' of Nora Fuller,
yesterday swore to a complaint before
Judge Cabaniss charging \ her stepfather,
Jerome M. Saracco, with having assault
ed her on Monday evening at their lodg
ings, at, 770 street. , /
fnandlng the production of the records of
the massacre at Ballingiga of the detach
ment of • the Ninth Infantry, : in order to
refute the statement ' of General Smith
to EC the effect that the - attack on th«
¦ troops was made according, to the laws
of war. The reauest was. granted.
Attempt io End. Her Life Follows
Accusation That Her Step fa
ther Had Assaulted Her.
MADGE GRAHAM
[TRIES SUICIDE
The engine and the first of the cars are
a complete wreck. The cause of the ac
cident is unknown, . Physicians have been
dispatched to the scene of the accident
and all assistance possible is being given
by the railroad company to the injured
No further particulars are obtainable to
night. . -
BUTTE Mont., April 8.-A special to tha
Miner from Kalispell, Mont., says: No. 4
east bound passenger train, on the Great
Northern, was wrecked this afternoon
near Belton station, thirty miles east of
Kalispell.- The engineer. Charles Hart
and his fireman, W. O. Cherrier, were
badly scalded about the body and lower
limbs. Express . Messenger Ed McCon
ville was hurt. Falling wreckage injured
a number of passengers, the 'names of
whom cannot be ascertained.
Great Northern Train
Meets Disaster in
' Montana.
Hous9 Legislators De
,:: cide. on a Philippine
AFTER THE WAR
A GOVERNMENT
WRECKAGE PILES
ON PASSENGERS
The Democrats will fully control the
city government for the first time in many
years. •- The - issue of -f he • campaign • was
Mayor Reed's administration. All the
platforms favored municipal ownership. .:
KANSAS CITY. April 8.— At midnight
the returns of the ; city, election . indicate
the j re-election of | Mayor James A. Reed
(D.) over John: J. Green (R.) by 2230 plu
rality 'and the • election of' the following
other officers, all ; Democrats, by smaller
pluralities: 'Treasurer, 1 James Cowgill:
Auditor, Daniel .V. Kent; Police Judge,
Hugh C. Brady; Ciiy Attorney, Jacque L.
Morgan. .-. . ¦ ¦ '
Seven Democratic members of the Up
per I House ¦ were { elected, and that body
will stand thirteen Democrats and one
Republican, as against six Democrats and
eight Republicans now. The Lower House
will, probably stand ten (Democrats and
four Republicans, as at present.
Democrats Win Office.
"I have tried to avoid this unpleasant
eubject," she said to-day, "for the reason
that I have no desire , to rake up my
career as a performer." ' I first met Nora
Fuller around the- Olympia and she
seemed to be a quite clever ; I little girl.
Since her body was found in the hous^
on b'utter street I have trie.l in vain to
remember the name she called her com
panion when she first; introduced him to
me. I am satisfied that he is the man
•who strangled her.- There was a peculiar
drift to his actions about the girl-. which
gave, me a distinct Impression that he
meant her harm. ' I 'am also .satisfied that
finally, after months- of persuasion, he
induced her to leave her home under- the
promise that he would install her In a
handsomely furnished flat. The night' I
first met them in the Olympia she several
times asked him to tell her the time. She
6aid she did not want to miss her* last
car, as her mother would be worried if
Ehe did not get home. She was so anxious
to get home that I judge that when she
halted in front of the restaurant on Tay
lor street "later she began to pout about
Mrs. Ward tells her story in a straight
forward manner. She has been danger
ously ill with pneumonia, but is now on
the high road to recovery. The young
woman has kept under cover as much as
possible, for since her marriage she, has
been seeking to avoid notoriety.
AVEESE TO NOTORIETY.
asked how much money she could earn
as an amateur and seemed anxious to gee
a char.ee to display her ability. Mrs.
Ward left the place a few minutes later.
She says that if she is not very greatly
mistaken the Fuller girl obtained the de
sired employment and went on the stage
on thp following amateur night.
During the month of October Mrs.
"Ward left the city and did not return
again until late in November. One after
noon about the middle of the. month sh-;
saw.'Xora Fuller with the same man with
whom she had visited- the Olympia, stand
ing on Third street, near the Call build-
Ing. Mrs. Ward walked up to the couple
and shook hands with Nora Fuller,
v hereupon the mysterious companion
gave her a rather cold greeting and
¦whisked Nora away down Third street.
That was the last time Mrs. Ward saw
Miss Fuller with her friend. A few days
later, however, she saw Nora Fuller and
Attorney Hugh Grant, whom she knows
by sight, on Market street In front of
tho Emma Spreckela building.
Miss Baker was married here a few
months ago to Bert Ward, a fireman on
the Santa Fe Railroad. Prior to her
marriage she was a concert hall singer,
but since she left the stage she has been
leading a quiet, dignified life and is well
liked and respected by those who knbw
her as a resident of this city.
"I know many people in San Francisco
and I am satisfied that the man was not
a permanent resident of the city. I never
saw him before and his general appear
ance was peculiar. He did not look like
a ciiy man. He looked more to me like
a street fakir or a sharp .country broker.
I would give anything to recall his name,,
but rtmay come to me some day. He.
seemed uncomfortable when in my com
pany and for that reason I never sought .
to learn anything about him — particular
ly after I warned Miss Fuller against hmv
and she insisted so pointedly that he was
all right. 1 would know him among a
thousand men. He had a peculiar face
which I think would impress most women
and few men. Judging from what I saw
of him he was fond of living - around
cheap places in the tenderloin j? for he
seemed to know the resorts very well.
Sheriff Jacnes "Johnson and City Marshal
James Kennedy of this county came to
see me a few days ago, but I was taken
suddenly ill and could not make a state
ment. I have promised to tell them to
morrow what I have stated for The Call
to-day."
BENNETT'S YECTTLIABITIES.
going in on account of the lateness of the
hour..-. '•¦; ,;¦ '
ESTELLEy BAKER, FOOMPOIIL ti^W ONTDLLER CASE
The debate took a wide range and finally
all of the foregoing propositions were laid
on the table, practically without opposi
tion," as it had become evident that no
united action could be secured on any
of the plans proposed. I As the conference
had been without result a resolution was
adopted before adjournment that all of
the proceedings should be secret. ¦ ¦ :
The main discussion occurred on a reso
lution presented by , Representative Bur
', leson of Texas proposing a. 20 per cent
; tariff reduction on announcement of speci r
fled articles,- a * substitute by Representa
tive Sulzer of New York proposing 50. per
cent reciprocity with Cuba' and an amend
ment or Newlands of Nevada that this 50
.percent concession be accompanied by a
proposition of annexation." Burleson's res
olution specified that the 20 per cent tariff
reduction should be made on nails, barbed
wire, fencing wire, cotton bagging, cotton
ties, binding twine and ; wood pulp ' used'
in making printing paper; also that the
differential be taken off sugar. • ,
Hay of Virginia was in the chair to
night and more -, than ninety-two Demo
crats were present. For the first hour
discussion was . animated and there was
much confusion. Chairman Hay's gavel
beating in a lively manner to secure order.
Underwood of Alabama and several mem
bers proposed making the action of the
meeting, binding. ', Hay ruled, however,
that the gathering. wa9 a conference and
not a caucus and as such was not binding
unless so determined by the .meeting and
the , meeting j later decided to the same
effect. ; .
WASHINGTON, April 8.— After a con
ference lasting nearly . three hours to
night the -Democratic' members of the
House tabled ¦ a < number of propositions
which had been*presente<l relative to the
policy to be pursued on the Cuban recip
rocity bill now before the House, i and
then adjourned without action on the "sub-'
ject.. The result of the conference leaves
each Democratic member free to exercise
his individual opinion, and it is generally
believed that this . will - result in the pas
sage of the reciprocity bill, as the test
vote in the House to-day showed about
sixty Democratic ; members for the bill,
which will much more than offset the Re
publican defection from the bilL :
DEMOCRATS DISCUSS BIIX.
Sam Smart, stage manager of the Olym
pia, remembers Estelle Baker very well,
but he cannot recall having seen Nora
Fuller. He said last night that it was
possible that she might have been in the
dressing-rooms of the soubrettes without
his knowledge, and she could easily , have
frequented the theater proper without at
tracting his notice. . He had endeavored
to recall her, at the request of detectives,
but had been , unable, to do so. He was
positive that the Fuller girl never ap
peared, on the stage of the' Olympia at
any ¦.time, as he-has records of all per-'
formers; whether amateur or professional.
Qn . .Taylor street," just - above Golden
Gate.' avenuei' are .-. two .restaurants, the
.Hoffman and- the -Saddle Rock. ! The pro-'
prietors .-.» of these ... places cannot
remember ever having noticed Nora Ful
ler "and her escort7bul explain that the
couple might, have visited one of th«
places several .months; ago without at
tracting- any particular notice. They be
lieve that they -may be able to refresh
their - recollection and -are perfectly will
ing, to' give the police any information
possible which . may aid in' fixing the
identity of- the male companion of Nora
Fuller. . : • ' :.*
As soon as she was. located i Captain
Seymour caused to be prepared a series
of questions 'touching her knowledge , of
Nora Fuller and the male companions oi
the unfortunate girl and forwarded them
to Sheriff Johnson, who, with City Mar
shal Kennedy, called on Mrs. Ward and
asked for a. statement. She was perfect
ly willing to make this, but the excite
ment led to an attack of nervous pros
tration which forced the officers to desist
temporarily. r
newspaper circles, having done consider
able special work for several San Fran
cisco dailies. Some weeks ago the de
tectives working on the Fuller case ascer
tained that she had been an intimate
companion of the murdered girl, and be
gan a search for her in the hope that
she might shed some light on the mys
tery of the crime. She was traced to L^js
Angeles, whither she had gone last No
vember on what is known as the southern
music hall circuit. It was . learned that
she had subsequently been married and
1 had removed to Williams, Ariz.
' WASHINGTON, April S.— At the open
ing of the session'of the Senate to-day,
the President pro tern, Frye, laid before
the Senate a telegram signed \ by thirty
six business men of, San Francisco; pro
testing against the passage of the Chi
nese exclusion bill in its present form.
The signers of the telegram declared that
the exclusion of legitimate Chinese, mer
chants, according^ to the , provisions :,_of
the measure, would be an act of gross in
justice. The protest is signed by the fol
lowing: Ciaus Spreckeis, fhomas Brown,
I. W. Hellman, W. 1 H. Crocker, Charles
Webb Howard, A. II. vPayson, P.--H.
Lllienthal, J. A. Donohoe, Antoine Borei,
H T Scott, J. G. Grant, John Parrott,
G. W. Kline, Levi Strauss, Charles Hol
brook, Warren D. Clark, Percy . T. Mor
gan, Leon SIoss, L. .-.O.i Green.C.
ae Guigne, John F. Merrill; W.C: Ral
ston, K. Hopkins, John L. Howard,
A. F. Morrison, W. B. Bowen, P. : C.
Breedon, George Abbott, S. C. Buckbee,
Oeorge A. Newhall, George W. McNear,
William Babcock, Bernard Faymonvilie,
George A. Pope, Alfred S. Tubbs and F.
W. Zeile.
in the Present Measure.
PHOTEST FROM THIS CITY.
Business Men Desire Changes Ilade
The - President "was followed ¦¦-'•' by- Gov
ernor MeSweeney,' who .prefaced his pre
pared speech by a f ew,words in s which he
assured the President- that he was as safe
from bodily harm in South Carolina as he
was? ;in Washington./* It -was - midnight
when the ' party ; broke ¦ up,* and as ¦. the
President lef tv the ' room he was cheered
to; the recho,' not • only : by those • who had
attended -¦ the -banquet; but' by the large
numbers who had patiently 'waited fiT the
hotel - parlors :'and: outside - to 'catch a
glimpse of him. Upon arriving at* hi3 ho-'
.tel he injmediately ; retired. ' / ' "
.' Mrs." Roosevelt was the ¦ guest ' cf honor
to night; at t the : most notable •; reception
that has been given in this city in . f ortv
years. It was held at tho St.. John's Hotel,
.which, as the VOld Mills • House.'.'.: as • Jt "is
tetill called .by, Charleston 'pedplfUof, the
old regime, was in » antebellum : days the
scene of many, famous social * gatherings.
Mrs. Roosevelt .; is .-the- rtrst - President's
¦w'f p. f or ' whom a reception has ever been
held here.- : ; -
,1 shall not try to make I you any speech, to
night, because lor your, sins you will have to
listen to me make, one' to-morrow. . j I shall
merely thank you again with all my heart and
say to you; that I want you to appreciate that
•I mean every word I say,, and mean it deeply,
when I tell you I have . been touched. - more
than pleased, touched and .stirred - by: the
warmth and heartiness with . which ¦ you have
ir.ade ; me. feel to-day that I am one of t you.
And, above all, that which I have said ap
plies to the greatest and 1 richest ' of those
islands, the Island: with which we have been
brought 'Into the most peculiar intimacy and
relationship— the Island of Cuba— and Task
that In our trade relations with Cuba we give
her a marked - and : substantial advantage, not
merely because it, will redound to our interest
to do so,' although that, is. also true, but I ask
it r especially because events % have . so shaped
themselves that it is our duty, as a great and
mighty nation, to help Cuba. . and I : hope to
see us do our duty. ; * . - =
'And from what: I have known of you and
your representattyea it was in no sense A sur
prise, but it was a keen pleasure to be greeted
with the hearty and generous hospitality, the
more than hearty and . generous - hospitality
which you have ehown.me, to-day. ' And. gentle
men, I. was very glad .that In arranging for
your exposition you not only took in the South
ern States., but that. you specially included the
Islands lying south of the. United States, those
Islands with which the events of the last few
years have made it evident we are bound in
the future to have closer relations. Closer re
lations for. our advantage can only be secured
1 by ; making It for their advantage also:
The Relations .With. Cuba. \
And now a special word to you of Charleston
and of South Carolina.' Just twelve years ago,
when I, first went . to Washington to take part
In governmental work,. I was immediately
thrown into singularly close contact and inti
macy with a South Carolinian. It was m)v
good fortune to work with him. for three years/
and for the nine years slnc«, and for as lorjg 1
as I shall continue to be in public life,. It wUl
be to me ever a spur to try to. do decent duty
for the republic, because I have been thrown
intimately in contact with as fearless and as
hlgn-minded a public servant as this country
has ever had, my old friend, your former Gov
ernor, Hugh Thompson. S
Mr. Mayor, and you, my hosts and my fel
low-America.n citizens: I should be Indeed but
a poor American myself if I were not deeply
touched and . gratified by the way you have
Kreetod me to-day in this, your beautiful city,
and of course I. feel at home here. I think
that any American who is worth his salt has
the right to feel at home in every part of the
United States. Around this table I see many
men who took part in : the great war. The
war in which the younger among us here took
part was a very little, one, because it did not
have to be any bigger. But it had one thor
oughly. . good effect; - it put ¦. the . cap on the
structure that has been buildlngr while we were
almost unconscious of it, and it taught us how
thoroughly one we were. When we got through
that war it did not makea bit of difference to
us whether It | was an- admiral who came from
Vermont or a lieutenant who came from' Ala
bama, if the man had. done his duty in such
shape as to ¦ make us each feel an , even more
generous thrill '. of pride in our common, na
tionality. • The debt that we owed him had
little . to do with the section from which he
came. - . : ¦ t ' .
Speech, of the President.
After ' the -committee- and guests had
gone aboard the -Algonquin startedon ai
tour of .the. harbor. .Passing down Cooper i
River. 'a fine view of the city and the
opening of "the bay was presented; The
weather was perfect. . There was not a ,
cloud in the sky and a gentle breeze blew
from the ocean: with just a bracing touch
in it. Passing, into the bay, the Algonquin
came abreast the . cruiser Cincinnati,
whose '. decks were manned with all. her
crew. As- the President's vessel passed a
salute of twenty-one guns was hred. At
the fortifications of Sullivans Island the
Algonquin was , similarly greeted.
-After a little run to the sea. the Algon
quin turned about and re-entered the
harbor, passing around historic Fort Sura
ter. The President, accompanied, by a
few of his party and members of the re
ception committee, next boarded a small
steamer which came alongside the'reve
nue cutter and were taken to Fort Sum
ter. A company of artillery was stand
ing at attention when the President land
ed anti immediately, went through a gun
Upon arriving at the wharf, the Presi
dent, escorted by a troop of cavalry, was
driven ! to the residence of Andrew Sim-
where an J irif6rtaal reception was
'held * and- a buffet ';feinV3h served, after
which the party.- was | escorted to the St.'
John's .Hotel.,- The banquet tendered to
President Roosevelt at the Charleston
Hotel was a ntting close of a. day full of
incidents. The banquet hall , was a
bower of roses, pinks and smilax,: artis
tically arranged, while :. loosely strewn
over the tables were thousands of violets.
Over three hundred specially N invited
guests were present. -Mayor Smyth wel
comed President Roosevelt to Charleston,
and the President's response was listened
to witlrthe closest attention and was in T
terrupted by loud and continuous ap
plause. The President said: J
Glad Day for ; Reception.
' CHARLESTON, S. ! C. ', ' '- April 8.— The
hope of President Roosevelt : last \ night
that he might see sunshine - in ' the^ morn
ing was^ fully ;realiaed.'; The: dawnpour. of
rain ; which \ had marked the ; trip almost
from the moment ¦ of .departure ; had , ceased
arid the day broke .with a cloudless sky.; ¦..
The-President -and- Mrs.- Roosevelt were-;
early ; risers.", Atx; Summeryille.itwenty
orie" miles from ' Charleston; the- party was
'met by a ¦special*' committee, .headed: by
Major Smyth; Captaln;F. .. .W. ; ."VVagener.
president' of ;the '-; expesitiori, and" J.^ J.
Hemphill, who ; accompanied the Presi-.
dent on the"^ remainder , of the Journey. ; ; -
I The President's 1 train reacHed Charles
ton at 9:30 a: : m;i on time. -The party
dld> not come, into^ the" city. -but' left the
train live .miles but, 'where -trolley : cars
were waiting to convey them to the naval
station to: take the revenue cutter for a
tour of the harbor. The President s im
mediate party went directly to the naval
station, where they^were joined by mem
bers of the reception committee and in
vited guests from the city. A guard of
thirty militiamen was stationed about the
approaches to the train and stood at
present arms as the: President landed.
At the naval station' fifty men. of - the
militia were \ posted, maintaining picket
lines about thereservation, and none was
allowed within the lines . except . such as
hada special permit. •¦-?-^- i
The President and his party were shown
about the i station j and then ' were con
ducted to the- pier; where the revenue cut
ter - Algonquin ; was r in g waiting. As the
President set foot onthe deck the flag of
the commander-in-chief of the army ana
navy was raised and ths jackies were par
.aded, while a salute of. twenty-one guns
was fired. In' the stream the cutters For
ward and: Hamilton -were • lying and fur
ther, down _ toward the: city the cruiser
Cincinnati and Cthe training-ships Topeka
and; Lancaster. :. ; ;'v.» ; : r ; v -' •' ¦¦¦ .
Many ( Thousands of, : the
.-;- -Enthusiastic Citizens - --
>...; "¦¦}', :,' .Xhser.' :'• ' -'.'¦ ¦
.Payne, the Republican -leader, * opened
the debate. for the; bill to-day in a strong
speech; : which commanded close attention
from both sides of the House. . .There were
only ' two other sneakers. ' - Newlands (D.)
of Nevada took the position, that the con
cession should not be made to Cuba «n
less she were invited at the same time to
become a part of the United States. Mc-
Clellan (D.) of New York, who" was the
last speaker, favored a 50 per cent reduc
tion for the benefit " of Cuba, but gave
notice that ' if the : rate of reduction was
not increased he, would vote for the bill.
He contended that reciprocity was in line
with time-honored ' doctrines, and that
while Republicans might fear it, Demo
crats should not. .¦; •.< • ... v v v
,The vote on the", motion to go Into com
mittee "of ' the' whole 'to" consider the bill,
however," developed" the linea of cleavage,
and' showed' that the' Democrats 'are quite
as-*Tnuch divided .: on '.the cuestlon as is
the majority.; In the .division, which is
regarded as practically a test vote on the
bill, .114 --.Rup-ubliearvs- a,r*d ¦-• sixty-three
Democrats voted for ".the motion, and
forty-one Democrats and thirty-nine Re
publicans against it.<-- .^ '-\;
,; The ' vote ¦. was . In : reality more embar
bassing toithe Democrats than to the Re
publicans, ¦ as ¦/. the I members ) of the min
ority , called •- a j conference I for to-night at
which they. desited to get together on a
course": of action. \ -The .vote, forced the
hands of •' the Democrats, . as individuals,
before the caucus.",- -V' : - s ,. :v-: *
- WASHINGTON,' April 8.— The debate on
the Cuban reciprocity bill which opened
La :.lhe . Hause_ltar day, _was . . disappointing
from a. spectacular point of view. " There
were^no "sensational I after the de
bate.^was actually; begun," and none of the
bitterness which was expected to crop out
bn'lhe floor carne^to the 'surface. r (¦,
By vote of the Senate the measure was.
referred to the Immigration Committee.
!, WASHINGTON^ April; .S.-A* vigorous
protest was made in the Senate to-day
by Cullom (R,). of .Illinois against . the;
passage of the Chinese exclusion bill in
its present form. Coming from the chair
man of the Committee, on^ Foreign Rela
tions, the protest made a deep impression
on the Senate. •;.*.-. ,\' - ¦¦ • ' . .V ¦
Culiom, while expressing himself as'in
favor ot the exclusion-' ot Ghinese labor
ers, said that many of the provisions of
the pending measure ?were in contraven
tion o£ our treaty' obligations with China.
He urged that" the .United -States could
not aliord to ignore its 'solemn treaties,
although he conceded the authority of
Congress to - enact - the - -proposed- law, . If
it saw tit to ,do so..., ;-._:- . „ , , ; V"^
Patterson of Colorado -and Perkins of
California supported the ; pending .bill,
maintaining that in no way did it. contra
vene existing treaties, as by the conven
tion of 1834 China had agreed that.Chi
nese laborers should be excluded ; from
this country. The bill: was drastic in its
provisions, they ¦ admitted, but no more/
so that was necessary to eliminate ; the
possibility of; fraudsJ >.:.¦ ¦;¦ , ¦ ;¦'•- j' r-A'
The Chinese exclusion bill, as passed. by
the House, was ' laid before-.the .Senate,
and the chair directed that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Penrose, chairman of the Immigration
Committee, which has had the Chinese
measure under consideration, protested
against such reference, saying that it was
"a most extraordinary procedure, in
view of the fact that the Immigration
Committee had hftd the subject under
consideration for many weeks.
Illinois Senator - Says Some
Featured Should ' Be :-. ..'
Omitted. :
Rebate Is > Begun but Is
: ; : Not Fruitful of Sen
v :v ; - ; Nations.* , ¦ " .
Southern People Rejoice
at the Coming of
.Roosevelt.
Reciprocity^ Bill §till a
vlVouble for House
;: -Members. ,
Cullom Protests Against
Proposed Exclusion
Bill/
CHARLESTON
GREETS THE
PRESIDENT
FEUDS VIOLATION
OF THE TREATY
CUBA DIVIDDES
THE LAWMAKERS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ;APRIL 9, 1902.
2
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
¦ - -To Cure^Qrip in] Two Daya. f.';', .
L*utative* -: Bromo-Qulnlne "removes "> the * cans*.
E. W. Grove's, signature on every box. , •
.. Dry, ; moist, scaly; tetter, all forms of
eczema or "salt' yrheum, pimples and
other cutaneous eruptions proceed from
humors,; either "inherited or acquired
through defective digestion and assimi-
lation'.-. >",.;¦' "
!:' To:" treat: these . eruptions with dry-
ing medicines^ is' dangerous.
'-"t The' thing to do. is'to 'take : '
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills'
Which 'thoroughly- cleanse the. blood,
expelling all humors and buildinKup
the. whole "system. They. cure. ".:
* Accept no . substitute. .
, ' Testimonials ¦'¦ of ; remarkable cures mailed on
i. request. C. 'I.; HOOD CO./ Ijowetl, Mass. '
Some Second = Hand Pianos
fromOur u PIano fibspitaL'?
THEY ABE ALL RIGHT AND SHOULD FIND A READY SALE
: at the, Following prices, to wit:
1 Hazleton .....*.... ; ...... .Sl^.% I 1 Dunham ; 87O
1 Steinway .i...'...«n .% I 1 Lighte & Co S«M>
1 Stelnway ......7..«1I>.-; | 1 Kingsbury $135
Besides the above we Jiave some of the "Exhibition" , Baldwin pianos,
Conovers, Howards, Sohmers. Stecks. Heller & Co., and the Jewett— slight-
ly used but 'as good as new— any of which we will offer for a very modest
sum of mon«y. We invite attention to these "snaps." It is not often
you can i*ck them up. Easy terms if desired.
If a nivr piano is wanted, write to us. We are a new piano house, and
to make headway we must ecH a better piano for less money than the old
established houses will do. This we are doing right along, and will continue
to do so until we become thoroughly established, and then perhaps we
can get bigger prices, too. Our warerooms are open night and day.
igi WILEY 3. ALL.ENGO.
931-933 MARKET STREET;' San Francisco.
NOTE— All Market-st cars stop directly' in front of our '- building. -
BRANCH STORE, 951 BROADWAY,: OAKLAND. \ ; '
ATTENTION,
VOTERS!
Register at Once.
All citizens must register te
vote at any Election; of 190c-
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m., and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to. 9.
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.*
A TRIAL BOTTLE OF THE WOBLIKS GREATESTKDNEY CUBE SEWT :
ABSOLUTELY FREE TO EVEBY EEAUEB OF OR .
FERS FROM KIDNEY, LIVER, BLADDER -,?» ' J5g°JP /g^FEMALE
WHAT IS COMMONLY KNOWN AMONG WOMEN AS £JMU -
WEAKNESS." ;. T ; _ "_ _^ - T fS
TEST YOUR KIDNEYS
If" Any of Your Family in This or Past Generations Have
Been Troubled with Kidney Disease, Make a-les.
of Your Urine and Satisfy Yourself.,
Put sole'll^rin^if
is a reddish sediment in the bottom of the glass or If the u «ije is c io^ jr
milky, or if you see particles or germs floating about in i Urourto cmeys ag
eased, and you should lose no time, but get a bottle of your urine
it is dangerous to neglect your kidneys even one day. After yo ur^ ur
if you ari still in doubt write to the Warner Safe Curs Co., Rochester, xh. . ,
and the doctor will analyse your urine and give you full report and advice iree «
" Chl ThSusandsV persons are suffering to-aay from kidney, liver an^bladder^ dis-
eases and are at a loss to understand what ails them. Warner 9 Safe Cure is tne
only medicine that will cure all forms of A^ N d |^| e | A17E CURE regulates the
-V.w . -rj..'. - kidneys, stimulates the action of the liver.
__ ¦¦" i i.i ._,.! and, at the same time, tones up the sys-
tc-m. It is purely vegetable contains no
' 'Hraffi iTOiH^ ¦ harmful drups ar.d is. positlv-e_ in u*
iEISM£3S»*«2*». action- it does not constipate, ix is
" ' a most valuable and effective tonic; it is a
H$llr^!!S?™'«s5 stimulant to digestion" and awakens tne
'T3sr *&&&* »P| torpid liver, putting the patient into the
\Hff' v . . T j very best recentivc state for the worK oc
\vvS _Vlj i >¦ ne restorer." It prepares the tissues*,
/$&fcL *^^t'.--_ scolhes inflammation andirritation, stim-
'P-Wmfc^f ™^f!^S%, ulates the enfeebled organs and ftea ";* *t
jWlimmSC****L ,J&>S?§3§S the same time. It builds up the way.
/^WjLX-^SSff^sSS^. Rives it strength, and restores the energy
:?>ffiji®$& \^-W^^^. that is or has been wasting under the
baneful suffering of diseased kidnejs or
:4HHm) " VBuRES KIDNEYS -
/ The following unsolicited i etter .l S a
sample of thousands received from those
wh0 have been cured by Warner a Safe
LIEUT. P : J^FAl^KOTHER. wroS
• Aug. 19, 1901: "At times my system gats run down and I need a tonic and stimu-
lant. My blood becomes thin and my kidneys become diseased; as soon as I take
Warner's Safe Cure it seems to help me. it braces me up and stops the pains in
my kidneys and bladder. I have noticed this effect on men in the army, and I
¦ have never known of a case where a cure was not made if "Warner s Sffe Cure
was taken as directed." , , . . „
WARNEP 'S SAFE CURE is put up In two regular sizes and sold by all
druggists, or direct, at
50 CENTS AND $i.OO A BOTTLE.
Less Than One Cent a Do3e-
Refuse substitutes. There is none n jusi as good as" Warner s Safe Cure, it
has cured all forms of kidney disease during the last thirty, years. It is pre-
scribed by all doctors and. used in the leading hospitals as the only absolute cure
for all forms of disease of the kidney, liver and bladder.
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the kidney, liver, bladder and
tlood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure them a trial battle will be sent abso-
lutely free to anyone who will write Warner Safe Cure Co.. Rochester, N. Y.
and mention naving seen this liberal offer in The San'Francisco Call. The genu-
ineness of this offer is fully guaranteed by the publisher. Our doctor will send
medical booklet, containing symptoms and treatment of each disease and many
convincing testimonials, free to any one who will write.
A luxurious up-to-date train traveling* W
through interesting* old-fashioned plaxes '>'
Chicago ii\ three d&ys
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Never Suspect It.
Gertrude Warner Scott Cured by the Great
Kidney Remedy^ Swamp-Root.
- - ¦ , Vinton, Iowai July 15th, 190L
DR. KILMER & CO., Binghamton. X. Y. . : ' ¦ - -".: .:,.: .'.
Gentlemen— In the summer of 1833, I was' taken' violently Hi. My trouble be- .
gan with pain in my stomach and back, so severe that it seemed as if knives ;
vrere cutting me. I was treated by two of the .best physicians in the county,
and consulted another. None of them suspected that the cause of my trouble;,
¦was kidney disease. They all told me that I had cancer of the stomach, and '
would die.% I. grew so week that -I could net walk any more than a child a
month old. and I only weighed sixty pounds. One day my brother saw in a
paper your advertisement of Swamp-Hoct. the great kidney remedy. He bought .
me a bottle at our drug store and I took It. My family could see a change in
me. for the better, so they obtained more and I continued the use of Swamp-
Root regularly. I was so weak and run down that It took considerable time
to build me up again. I am now well, thanks to Swamp-Root, and weigh 14S
pounds, and am keeping house for my husband and brother qn a farm. Swamp-
Root cured me after the doctors had failed to do me a particle of good.
' — M <Gertrude wa , raer scotu -^^fe^fe^u&<^&
' vromea suffer untold miser}' because the nature^of. their disease^s . not eor~
rectlv understood; in many cases when doctoring they are led to believe- that
wemb trouble or female weakness of some sort is responsible for. their -ills,
when in fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their d stressing troubles.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney .and bladder
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the hignest for its
wonderful cures cf the most distressing cases. A trial will convince anyone—
and you may have a sample bottle sent free, by mail.
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Free by EVSail.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
der trouble, or if there is a trace of- it in your family history, send. at once to
Dr Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.. who will gladly send you vby-"mall, im-
mediately without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and a book
t«liine all about Swamp-Root and containing many of tJie thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. In writing,
to Dr Kilmer & Co., BingTiamtcn. N Y.. be sure to say that you read this
penerous offer in the San Francisco Daily Can.
If vou ar« already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can
uurchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
evervwhere. Don't make "any mistake, but remember the name, , Swamp-Root.
D~ "Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the a.-l dress. Bfnghamton. N. 1.. on every bottle.It's an antiseptic ointment that' stops irrita
tion, (eubdues Inflammation and drives out pain. 11
It cures piles:;' Also for burns,, bruises) chaflngs,
chilblains. .earache^ catarrh, cold ; in ; head and
skin * Irritations.'* Price/; 25c • and 50c, at drug
elsts or by mall. Salva-cea. 274 Canal st.?N.Y. ;
What Is f Sal va-cea P
TACOMA. April 8.— Reports .from num
erous sources indicate that the wheat
prospects in Washington, Eastern Oregon
and Western Idaho are far more unsatis-'
factory than usual at this time of year
For several weeks the weather has been
cold and frosts have occurred frequently
while there has been but little sunshine.-
The ground is so dry. that wheat 1& not.
taking root as quickly as it should. The
entire crop will be late, Increasing: the
danger of its being: burned by hot winds
in Aucust.
Poor Outlook for Wheat.
SACRAMENTO, April 8. — Francis C. Bowen.
who for some time past has been the lay redder
at, the * newly organized. "'Episcopal Trinity
Church in this city, was this morning ordained
to the directorate by Right Rev.. W. H.- More
land. , BUhop ,of Sacramento, assisted by the
Very Rev. E.;J. Lion of San Francisco and
other- nrit'wts. . . ¦ . ..."
SACRAMENTO. April 8.— The real estate
men of Sacramento are to meet on . Saturday
next with the committee on lands and ; Immi
gration of the Sacramento Chamber , of - Com
merce to arrange a plan for listing the lands In
the vicinity of Sacramento for the convenience
of . homeseekers. , • 4
FRESNO. April 8.— The cewly elected board
of directors of the Raisin Growers' Association
organized to-day with Robert Boot as presi
dent: T.'C. White, vice president;-A. L. Sayre
of Madera. secretary; D. D. -Allison, treasurer,
and A. V. Taylor of Hanford as chief "In
spector.
SAN DIEGO.. April 8. — The annual meeting
of the Los Angeles Presbytery of the United
Presbyterian Church began here this afternoon."
Rev. H. P. Espey of the Beaumont church
was chosen moderator and Rev. W. | W. Logan
was re-elected clerk for three years. Kg
PHOENIX. April 8. — Mrs. Thomas Ch lids,
wife of a rancher living near Glla Bend; was
burned to death yesterday as the result of an
explosion of kerosene. Her little babe was
rescued by an Indian who chanced to be pass
ing. ,
ALONG THE COAST
NEWPORT, Va.V April 8.— The. Second Bat
talion of the Eleventh Infantry . . has . arrhSjd
here from Porto Rico, ¦ One hundred and twenty
officers and enlisted men left. to-night forMa
nllaby way of San Francisco. ¦ The remainder
of the battalion was discharged. •
LIVERPOOL, April 8. — The White Star line
steamer Celtic, ¦ which left New York I February
IS with' a party of tourists for a cruise to the
Mediterranean and the Orient, arrived here to
day. She will 'remain here three days," sail
ing for New 1 York April 12..
; LONDON, April ' 8.— Telegrams received here
from '« Liverpool • announce that j a • new twelve
day service between that port and South j Al
ice,' I Involving , a working arrangement be
tween Harriman. Elerman and the Clan lines,
has been ¦ decided upon..
'. LONDON, ¦¦ April I 8. — The Admiralty t has
awarded the British tank steamer Lacka wanna
£6000 for salvaging the Leyland steamer Phila
delphian in February last. •¦ / . \ " <
SIMLA, India. April 8. — Fifteen Sepoys were
ambushed April 7 on the Mahmud frontier,
eight- of. the-, soldiers being killed and three
wounded. . » ; • , : \ • . v
ATHENS, Ohio,' . April 8. — The- Republicans
of the Eleventh Ohio District renomlnated Con
gressman Charles H. Grogvenor by acclamation
to-day. ¦ . . ¦ ¦-•¦•' • ¦ .. . ., .;
ST. PETERSBURG, April 8.— New guns for
nineteen batteries have been dispatched to the
Far East within the last few days. ...
"WASHINGTON, April 8.— The President
has directed the . consolidation of the
three land offices In Alaska' and the es
tablishment of a consolidated office at
Juneau, to take effect June 1.
Consolidating ,I#ana Offices.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
All kinds of rumors are afloat, but ac
cording to the best opinions the Chancel
lor of the Exchequer will not depart from
his traditional free trade policy. The war.
expenditure is estimated at r £40^000,000, as
against £60,000,00(1 last year, while the
grant to the new South African • colonies
is only £1.800,000, as against £6,600,000 last
year. * Altogether, Sir Michael Hlcks-
Fta^h ha? to meet an estimated expendi
ture of £171,000,000, as against £117,000,000
last year. ' ''¦-¦ ¦ '.
It Is expected that the Chancellor will
endeavor to raise £6,000,000 by additional
taxation,' bringing: the revenue, roughly
speaking, up to £150.000,000. and that he
will provide the remainder by a loan, for
the interest on which ho may possibly tap
the resources of the Transvaal; A per
sistent rumor Is current; here that iron
ore will also be taxed. '. ¦ -j, .
The customs authorities in London. are
very reticent on the subject of this com
prehensive regulation, but; the general
character of the order is believed to be
intended to insure secrecy regarding the
intention of the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach. That
h's budget proposals will be unusually Im
portant ¦ is Indicated by the fact, ' an
nounced in the House of Commons this
afternoon by the Government leader, A.
J. Balfour, that the budget will occupy
the House both Thursday and Friday.
Usually one day has been sufficient for
the introduction of the statement of the
Chancellor of the Exchequer. ¦¦ if;
LONDON, April 8.— A special order .was
issued to-day to the customs staffs of all
the ports of the United Kingdom forbid
ding them to issue the usual order for
entry to all vessels carrying free goods.
This applies not only to timber, but to
all cargoes at present free. of duty.
LONDON April 8.— After the Cabinet
meeting to-day A. J. Balfour, the Govern
ment leader, informed the- Liberal leader.
Sir' Henry Campbell-Bannerman, in .the
House of Commons, that the Government
had no" important information ¦ regarding
the peace negotiations in South Africa.
DURBAN, Natal, April 8.— Field Mar
shal-Viscount Wolseley is coming here to
morrow to visit the battlefields at Lady
smith. He'will leave nere next Thursday.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 8.—Gov
ernor. Dockery's attention was called to
day to the alleged British war supply
camp at Lathrop, Mo. The Governor
said he, knew nothing about the opera
tions there, other than a market has
been operated at Lathrop by private indi
viduals for the past ten years. . He says
It is the largest horse and mule market
In the - world,- and that \ it supplies the
United States Government as well "as 'the
British Government with horses and
mules. ¦ ¦ ¦ • : ' ¦ •
VANCOUVER, B.C., April 8.— The ma
chinery of the Canadian Militia Depart
ment was set in motion to-day for the en
listing . of ' a contingent of ; 2000 men for
South Africa. . This is the fourth contin
gent from the Dominion and will consist
of four regiments of 500 men each. *
The conditions for enlistment will be ex
actly the same as for the last contingent.
If the first : of the British troopships ar
rives at Halifax on time the fourth contin
gent will start for, the front ' in three
weeks. At any rate the Department of
-Militia will have the contingent outfitted,
equipped and ready to go on board the
steamer in three weeks. The next troop
shfp will' leave a week later. . All thexon
tracts for clothing and equipment have
been given out. i -' •:¦-•.¦
Canada Is Enlisting New
Contingent of Two
Thousand.
Chancellor of the Ex
chequer Ready With
Budget.
SUPPLYING MEN
FOR SOUTH AFRICA
led. by Rev. S. A,..Nesblt, -. Re,v. W. H..-
Cros3 welcomed th«,visitors. V. A. ScheUi
ler, president of the'.Sama Clara County
Improvement Club,, and other prominent
visitors gave short talks. There were ail
kinds of athletic games and sports for the
children. : . . ' : s ¦¦¦-, ¦ • .=
. To-morrow the festival' 'will be held in
Los Gatos, where the Board of Trade has
charge of the affair.
SECRETARY OF THE SANTA CLARA COUNTY IMPROVEMENT CLUB,
AND ONB OF 'THE SCENES WHICH HE AND HIS FELLOW MEM
BERS ARE SHOWING TO FESTIVAL CROWDS.
The Injured are: A. R. Edmunds, rail
way mail clerk. Indianapolis: Thomas
Murphy, conductor. Cleveland; J. R. Carr.
bag^ageraaster, Indianapolis. The wreck
is oelieved to have been caused by a
washout, resulting from the incessant
downpour of rain for the past twelve
hours. — .
CLEVELAND. Ohio, April S.— The In
dianapolis special on the Big Four Rail
road, between Indianapolis and Cleveland,
was wrecked at 10:15 o'clock to-night
while running through Waiworth Run, a
low-lying body of land en the west side
of the city. Two persons are dead and
three others hurt, but none fatally. The
i dead art:
WILLIAM McGRATH, engineer, Cleve
land.
EDWARD McNALLY. fireman, Cleve
land.
TWO KILLED IN A WBECK.
The earldom of Kimberley was created
in 1S06 and the title was conferred on
John Wodehouse, the distinguished
statesman who died yesterday. He had
already inherited the title of Baron
Wodehouse, the first bearer of the title
having distinguished himself at the cap
ture, cf Cadiz in 1611. Lord Kimberley
was an Oxford man and began public life
&s Under Secretary fcr Foreign Affairs
in 1&32. He was Envoy Extraordinary to
Russia in 1S5G and Lord Lieutenant of
Ireland in 1S64. In 1S94 he was Secretary
for Foreign Affairs. During Gladstone's
administration he occupied positions of
prominence. He was a Knight of tho
Garter, a Privy Counsellor and a Doctor
of Civil Law.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 8.— A bill was
passed by the Provincial Legislature this
afternoon prohibiting; aliens from voting
in municipal elections. Heretofore in the
province aliens owning real estate have
bee a permitted to vote.
fast as possible. He says the service has
survived the period when it was most sub
ject to criticism and attack and that mis
trust has given way to confidence since
Its methods and means have acquired the
sanction of success. The report says- it is
not admitted that preference was shown
to particular firms; as to high; prices paid
for disinfectants the prices are declared
to have been the same as those charged
merchant ships. . ¦ • ~
Other alleged Irregularities occurred
during an emergency war period. The
numerous other reports inclosed, from
Colonels Maus and Sanger. j and from a
great number of subordinate officers," give
the most minute details of transport ser
vice, in some cases irregularities . being
shown and criticism expressed. Alt of the
reports seem to agree that 1 the abuses
were the result of lack of method on the
part of subordinates. There Is no charge
affecting officials' integrity. , -
Takes Ballot From Aliens.
spicuous in British Political
Life, Dies.
LONDON. April S.— Lord Kimberley,
the Liberal statesman, who had been ill
for some time past, died this afternoon.
The death of Lord Kimberley will give
the Liberal leadership in the House of
L»ords to Earl Spencer, and the many
hopes expressed that Lord Rosebery
would take this leadership are certain to
be disappointed.
Zarl of Kimberley, Who Was Con-
DEATH ENDS CABEEB
OF A LIBERAL LEADER
BIG FIGURES
WORRY BRITONS
Saratoga never looked prettier. Stretch
ing . away on every s:ce were fra
grant orchards, for which the green
foothills and growing grain fields
formed a splendid background. -A
hospitable reception was extended to all
the visitors. They were taken for drives
about the orchards and to Congress
Springs. ' Luncheon was served by the la
dies at noon. In the afternoon there were'
literary exercises on the school grounds.
Hon. H. M. Myrlck of San Francisco de
livered an address. Chorus singing was
e ¦: m-m-k-h-h-i-h
It was a gala day for Saratoga, that
quiet and pretty.llttle village in the foot
hills, ten miles southwest of San Jose.
Early this worning the crowds began to
arrive. Fully 1000 San Joseans made the
trip in carriages and automobiles, and
all the trains from the bay cities' and
down the coast brought goodly numbers
to Los Gatos, whence they were taken
to Saratoga in conveyances. From ail
points in Santa Clara County parties
drove to Saratoga, and many visitors left
the trains at various stations and en
gaged vehicles in order to enjoy a drive
through the orchards. Otners. who came
to view the orchards did not go to Sara
toga at all, but made an excursion Into
the fruit districts, taking their luncheons
under the trees. v :. . ¦-,
Santa Clara Valley is a sea of blooms,
and the hundreds of visitors from abroad
who rode through this vast fruit . acreage
to-day were enthusiastic in their admira
tion. Peach, pear, cherry and prune trees
all -appeared at their best, and the deli
cate tints of the flowers formed a scene
hundreds of the visitors had never be
fore witnessed. •
.Valley, and these spent a most
enjoyable day among the blossoming or
chards. Although a few clouds hung
over the valley, these soon blew away
and the warm sun came out. The show
ers of Sunday had laid the dust and
freshened the air. It was a successful
opening for the festival, which is to be in
progress the rest of the week. • • .
SAN JOSE," April 8.— The blossom
fete, which opened* to-day at
Saratoga,' attracted several thou
sands of visitors to Santa Clara
. In a. report dated August 20, 1901, Colonel
Oscar P. Long, general superintendent of
army transport -service at San Francisco,
replies to Colonel Chamberlain's Inspec
tion report. He points out the magnitude
of the service suddenly brought into ex
istence and the . systemizing of affairs as
LACK OF METHOD.
The loss- of Government property,' such
as ¦ furniture, linen, bedding, tableware,
etc., by Imperfect accounting, Is also sot
forth. He states that the transport Meade
was purchased when twenty-seven years
old for $400,000 and she has since received
$580,000 in repairs.
Upon these facts developed by the in
vestigation General Young relates that
under the pressure of necessity of mov
ing large bodies of troops at short no
tice, lack of methods and forms to safe
guard the Government occurred.
Lieutenant. Colonel Chamberlain speci
fies In detail the feautres summarized by
General Young.- He refers to the report of
the "Bates board" that much of the work
done on the Logan .was defective, also
that the amounts spent on the Hancock,
5547,016, were excessive, and were for lux
urious fittings. Lengthy descriptions are
given of furnishings, etc., of inferior qual
ity, placed on various transports.
Chamberlain says that one of the most
notable abuses has been the use cf great
quantities of high-priced disinfectants.
The transport Thomas, he says, on five
trips used $9295 worth. He says there
also has been an excessive -use of high
priced patent cleaning and polishing, mat-.
ter,.the Thomas using $3243 worth in five
trips. He adds 'that this abuse has been
remedied: ¦ '-'¦--'¦ -' : '¦'-- v - :
cessive and material Inferior."
j Prices paid for material : were often
strikingly in excess of the then current
market prices for the same articles of
like quality, and supplies were purchased
in the open market without advertising.
It is further stated in General Young's
summary that "preference seems to have
been shown special firms to the extent of
ordering from them articles out of their
line of business, these firms at the same
time charging exorbitant prices, to tha
extent in a few Instances of 100 per cent
in excess of ruling market rates." • .:
"Of course we would like to see the
contest take place at Charleston," said
Williams, "but it looks as though the
Governor would put a stop to it. If this
is the case, then I suppose we will have
to go to California. At present I don't
know of any other place where we could
pull off the match." -.-.;¦
NEW YORK, April 8.— As the prospects
for the fight In Charleston ara not very
promising, it is more .than likely that the
heavy-weight championship battle be
tween Jeffries and ¦ Fitzsimmons will
eventually be pulled off in California. The
announcement of Governor McSweeney's
refusal to permit any fight to take place
in South' Carolina, while not altogether a
surprise, is disappointing to Fitzsimmons
and his manager, Percy "Williams, who
were in hopes that the Charleston pro
moters would secure the, permission. Man
ager. Williams received a- telegram from
J. C. Jaudon. manager of the Charleston
Athletic Club, yesterday, stating that he
would wire him definite Information to
morrow.
Williams, however, has little hopes of a
contest taking place at Charleston now,
and he believes that San Francisco will
be the battle-ground, providing the Cen
tury Club of Los Angeles is out of the
field for good.
simmons Will Select This
City.
FIGHT MAY OCCUR HEBE.
Indications . That Jeffries and ritz-
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 8.— The vaii
of Adrianopie. European Turkey, tele
graphs that a band of Bulgarians, with
the object of provoking retaliation, re
cently killed and mutilated three Mussul
man peasants and a boy near Kirk Kil
isseh. a town thirty-two miles north
northwest of Adrianople. and then sought
refuge in Bulgaria, hoping: to be pursued
and anticipating that a conflict would en
euc with the frontier guard.
The correspondent says there Is great
indignation in Turkish circles in Con
stantinople.
Cabling from Cettinjc, the capital of
MontentgTO, the correspondent of the
Daily Mail reports heavy fighting between
Turks and Christians in tne province of
Noxibazar. in European Turkey, and that
the revolution Is spreading.
The Porte has been informed, says the
Constantinople correspondent of the
Times, that Bulgarian bands in the vila
yet of Monastir have murdered five Turks
and three Greeks.
The Turkish reserves in the vilayet of
Adrianople have been ordered to hold
themselves in readiness for service. The
military have requisitioned horses and
carts.
LONDON, April 9— A Vienna news
paper called Information publishes a dis
patch from Adrianople, quoted by a cor
respondent of the Times in the Austrian
capital, which states that the Turkish
troops have been sent to four localities
on the eastern Roumanian frontier to
guard It against Bulgaria.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BULUWATO. Matabeleland. April S.—
The funeral train conveying the body of
Cecil Rhodes, which left Cape Town April
3. arrived here to-day. The town was
draped In mourning, and practically the
entire population assembled at the rail
road station and accompanied the coffin
to Drill - Hall, where it is now lying in
state. Masses of wreaths and other floral
emblems are banked about the bier. To
morrow the coffin will be taken to tha
Rhodes farm, whence It will be conveyed
on Arri! 10 to the hill called "The View
of the World." The religious services
there will synchronize with a memorial
service at St. Paul's Cathedral, London.
"They possess one-fifth of the world,
and do not know it is slipping away from
them. They spend their time in discuss
ing Mr. Parnell and Dr. Tanner, the char
acter of Sir Charles Dilke. compensation
for beerhouses and omne hoc . genius.
Your eupreme question at present is the
seizure of the Jabor vote for the next
election. Read the Australian bulletins
and see where undue pandering to the
labor A-ote- may lead you. But, at any
rate, the eight-hour question is not pos
sible without a union of the English
speaking world: otherwise you drive your
manufactures to Belgium, Holland and
Germany, Just as you have placed a great
deal of cheap shipping trade in the hands
of Italy by your stringent shipping reg
ulations."
"I note," v he whote, "with satisfaction
that the committee appointed to inquire
into the McKinley tariff reports that In
certain articles our trades have fallen
off 50 per cent. Yet the fools do not see
that if -they do .not look out they will
have England shut out and isolated, with
ninety' millions to feed and capable of in
ternally supporting about six millions. If
they, had a statesman they would at the
present moment be commercially at war
with the United States and would have
boycotted the raw products of the United
States until she came to her senses, and
1 say this because I am a free trader.'
Your people have not known their great
ness.
"What scope! What a horizon of work
for the next two centuries for the- best
energies of the best people in the world."
On the matter of tariffs, Mr. Rhodes was
characteristically positive.
Dealing with the "sacred duty of the
English-speaking world of taking the re
sponsibility for the still uncivilized
world," and commenting upon the neces
sary departure from the map of such
countries as Portugal, Persia and Spain,
"who are found wanting," Rhodes said:
Once again the personal feelings of the
man crop out. "They are calling the
new country Rhodesia," he wrote. "I
find I am human and should like to be
living after my death. Still, perhaps, if
that name is coupled with the object of
England everywhere it may convey the
discovery of an idea which ultimately led
to the cessation of all wars and to one
language throughout the world, the
patent being the gradual absorption of
wealth and human minds of the higher
order to the object."
Peace and One Language.
It is a fearful thought to feel you possess
a patent and then doubt whether your life
v.-iri last you through the circumlocution of
the Patent Office. I have that inner convic
tion that if I can live. I have thought out
coniething that is worthy of being registered
In the Patent Office. • The fear is. shall I have
time and opportunity, and I believe, with all
the' enthusiasm bred In the soul of an Im en
tor that it is not self-glorification that I de
sire, but the wish to live and register my
latent for the benefit of those who. I think,
are the greatest people the world has ever
:*en. but whose fault is that they do not
know their strength, their greatness or their
destiny, but vrhqy are wasting their time
in minor or local matters: but, being
asleep, do not know that throusrh th ¦
invention of steam and electricity, and
in view of their own enormous increase,
they mutt now be trained to view the vrorld
as a whole and not only to constder' the so
cial questions or the British Isles. Even a
Labouchere, who possesses no sentiment,
should be taught that the labor of EnKland
is denendent on the outside world, ' and if he
does not look out It will boycott the result of
English labor.
"The labor question," he wrote, "is im
portant, but that is deeper than labor."
America, both in its possibilities of alli
ance and its attitude of commercial rival
ry, was apparently ever present in Rhodes'
mind. "The world, with America in the
forefront." he wrote, "is devising tariffs
to boycott your manufactures. This Is
the supreme question. I believe that Eng
land, with fair play, should manu
facture for the world, and, being a free
trader, I believe that, until the world
comes to its senses, you should declare
war. I mean a commercial war, with
those trying to boycott ! your manufac
tures. That is my programme. You
misrht finish the war by a union with
Aiiic-rica and .universal peace after a hun
dred years." _
But toward this millennium. Rhodes
believed the most powerful factor would
be a "secret society, supported by the ac
cumulated wealth of those whose aspira
tir-n is a. desire to do something." and
who are spared the "hideous annoyance"
dailv created by the thought as to which
"of "their incompetent rplations" they
should leave their fortune. These wealthy
people. Rhode's thought, would thus be
greatly relieved and be able to turn
"their ill potten or . inherited.^gains to
some advantage." Reverting 1 , to himself,
Sir. Rhodes said: * .. --." < i**i \
America in the Front.
An organization formed on these lines
in the .riouse of Commons, constantly
working for decentralization ana not
wasting time on trivial questions raised
by "Dr. Tanner, or the important matter
of O'Brien's breeches," would, Rhodes be
lieved, soon settle the all-important ques
tion of the market for the products of the
empire
Rhodes commenced his article oy declar
ing tnattne "Key" to ins idea for tne
development of the English-speaking race
was tne foundation or a •'society copied,
as to organization, from the Jesuits,
unis consumed witn a differential rate
and a copy of the United States constitu
tion," he also wrote, "is home ruie or
tederation."- ' .
in its tnree columns of complex sen
tences the whole pnnosophy oi tinodes'
international and individual-'. hie is -ern
bracea. .Perhaps it can be oest summar
ized as an argument in favor of the or
ganization of a secret society for the pro
motion oi int; peace and welfare of tne
world and tne establishment of an Amer
ican-British . federation, with absolute
home rule for the component pans.
'¦Mr. Rhodes', action was only natural
and, from an administrative point of view,
desirable, and it in no way. affected my
attitude as political coniidant in all that
leiated to Mr. Rnooes' woria-wiae policy."
LONDON, April 8.— An article on Cecil I
Rhodes by William T. Stead will appear
in the forthcoming number of the Ameri
can" Review of Reviews. The article, ex
cerpts from which follow, consists of a
frank, powerful explanation of Cecil
Rhodes' views on America and Great Brit
ain and for the first time sets forth his
inmost aims. It was written by himself
to Stead in 1S93. In those days Stead was
not only one of .Rhodes', 'most -intimate:
friends, as indeed- 'he was till, the last,'
but also his executor. Stead's name w^is
removed from the list of trustees. oT*
Rhodes' will only because of the ¦¦ war '\
which forced the two men into such ve
hement political opposition. Of this epi
sode Stead says: .
Minor suffrage disorders have occurred
also at Ghent, Antwerp, La Louvlne and
other towns. :
i . • -, - • .•„.--
BRUSSELS, April 8.— Following a so
cialist meeting held here to-day, at which
the speakers urged force to come to the
aid of reason in obtaining universal suf
frage, 1500 " demonstrators paraded the
streets of the city- and came in collision
with the police. As a. result some of the
rioters and the policemen were wounded.
Some of the mob then tried to make a
demonstration ' in front of the palace of
Prince Albert of Belgium. Here they
were charged by the police and three were
wounded.
Interesting Comment Made
by Him on American
Affairs. .
Officers and Rioters Receive
Many Wounds in the
Combat.
Revolution Is Spreading and
Thera Is Heavy Fight
ing in One Province.
Light Is Thrown on
1 h9 . Empire- Maker's
Plans.
Sent to Four Localities
to Guard Against
Bulgaria. •
Socialists in Brussels
Have Fight on tho
Streets.
WORLD'S PEACE,
RHODES' HOPE
TURKISH TROOPS
ON THE FRONTIER
POLICE QUELL
A MOB'S FURY
INDEMNITY TAX
STIRS REVOLT
Southern Mongolia Is a
Scene of Serious
Disturbance.
Manchurian Convention Is
i Signed by Diplomats
in Peking.
Continued from Page One.
TIENTSIN, April 8.— Three Chinese
troops and a number of Krupp guns have
been dispatched to Southern Mongolia,
where the people are in revolt against the
severe indemnity taxation. Several vil
lages have been strongly fortified and
their inhabitants are determined to fight.
They say they are assured of the assist
ance, of 30,000 disaffected persons." ! .
PEKING. April 8.— The Manchurian
convention was signed to-day. The rati
fication will take place three months
from date. i -
The Russians undertake to restore. the
Nieuchwang- and Shanhaikwan Railroad
to the Chinese when the British relin
quish control of the railway in Chili
province. Sir Ernest Satow, the British
Minister here, is, however, negotiating- to
secure a large preponderance of British
administrative control in the latter rail
way after it is handed over to the Chi
nese.
COSTLY PACIFIC TRMSPOBfT.SEBYlCE
THE SAN FEANGISCO-OkLiIi, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9, 1902.
OPE N ING OF S ANT A CLARA V ALLE Y'S
BLOSSOM FETE ATTRACTIONS THOUSANDS
3
truly modifies the !
casein of the milk.
We zct/f send you our book free, < "' \
" Memo's Food Babies.* *
_______ ¦»
Kellin's Food Company, Boston, Mass.
Missouri Pacific Limited
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily.
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Feroo-aJly conducted excurclona via th'.t
roctc to Chlcsso, New York. Boston and all
Eastern polct*. For berth reservation and full
tctcnaaticc address
I- M. FLETCHEH.
Pacific Coast Acent.
126 California «t-. San Francisco. CaL
®UM, VIGOR. VITALITY tor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worn cases In old and young
arising from effects of seU-
sbusr, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Care Lo»t
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
Bia, Pains Jn Back. Evil Deslree. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unrttness to Mar-
rr. Loss of Semen, r— f\. Varfcosele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner *_•§_# vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are Z^rwrm Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CCJI '* ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Hrstore small, .undeveloped organs.. Stimulate
the brain and "nerve centers; BOc —.'box; 6 for
t2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Addr^sr BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis 6t..
Kan FranciBco, CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
end 40 Third et.
NEW WESTBRN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON* STS.— RE-
modpled and renovated, KING. WARD &
«,O. European plan. Rooms, Me to $1 50 day;/
$5 to $S week: $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and' cold water every room; fire grates In
every room; elevator runs all night.
W. X. HESS,
K0T1ET PUBLIC LBD ATT0RKET-1T-L1W.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids-
Telephone Main 9S3.
HfEi(5ence, S2I California et., below FowelL
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
This signot&re in on ctctt box of the genaiaa
Laxative Bromo? Quinine Tablet*
«& * remedy that cores a roltl In one Cny,
B . . . . . . . . . i -—"r i= HB
A good business
:'7 ; r'~-v.T^F . ' suit for only $ 9
ou sa -'' "-^ ow g°°d?" Well, <\ve can safely
iMI^^I^^mi^MW^^ say t^ iat * l ' s as ooc * as most $ I2 -5° Sl " ts so^ a bout
i^i/ffm^^tSMw^^^i Ve woul d,have to sel1 the suit * or $ I2 -5° except
iH liifflillliSHli^ *% f ° r the fact that %ve make the clothes ourselves, in large
¦^8 if iSliwii^^^^Si quantities for our retail stores and wholesale also, and
!S^!f fflRiS* ¦^Pt^illii ¦ se^ t0 y0 " rect at but^one fair profit.
fsillliiitl ffiSHfiB^^- - VlW^^^r T ° ot ' ier store in San Francisco has the advantages in sell-
siiixlllw B^lllLil^^STf^SUr^^P^ ' ng that we do. We are the only firm manufacturing
BtPSs^li and se N in S our own goods direct to customers. I
• ' ' ra^^^Hff imlir!nMf!ffilll Hflfmafflp'^' ie su ' ts are spr ' n £ patterns in- single and double breasted
' toIIIIM ¦"¦¦•* Every suit will be kept in repair free for a year. . ,._L: i
'Hlvl iiflli? l^MSvtvllr i You will need a new pair with that coat and vest when you
ffa.il 'M™s flifra'lillji lay aside your overcoat. Did you ever see our striped worsted
Styles in boys' clothing come and go, but the sailor is al- '^^^^mil^i^^^T
ways a favorite- — and. particularly so when such a value as this \$Z^^?!ss!iW/rf
Blue serge and black cheviot sailors in all wool fast colored . giflilr
materials of good texture; neatly, trimmed with braid; French 11®* llillii
cuffs; neat tie; pants half lined; patent waist band; ages 3 to WM$ «iil$
Spring goods, such' as wash suits, blouse waists and straw iglly BpL
hats for boys; are now in, and the prices are most reasonable. g&? r^BBk
p^ces.° ' • 718: Market Street - hats or fo'nishings.
irrninrfmrtiiiirrrmi *.***.- ;¦¦¦*.¦-:-¦¦¦.- ¦ . ¦ - . ¦ ¦ - . -. . SAN PEDRO, April 8.— Frank Bovier, a
laborer employed by the California Con
struction ' Company * on. the ' breakwater
here, fell between the cars of a Southern
Pacific rock train this morning and was
so badly Injured that he died a few min
utes later. • ' - -¦ "- " ' ' ' • '
Falls Between the Cars.
GERMANTOWN. April 8.— In -the case
of the people, vs. . "Jack".' Wallace, which
has occupied the attention' of: the Superior
Court of Glenn County for a week past,
the Jury has returned a verdict of murder
in the first degree, with a recommenda
tion for a life sentence. Wallace on Feb
ruary 17 stabbed August Hasch. ¦
Wallace ..Guilty of Murder.
SAN JOSE, April 8.— Dr. W. Mohawk,
the Indian doctor who was recently ar
rested on a charge of practicing medicine
without a license, was " acquitted In Jus
tice Cobb's court this morning. . He
showed that according to a treaty be
tween the Government and the Indians
the latter were allowed to sell medicines
prepared by themselves. v
/ Indian -Doctors Need No 'License.
¦ PHOENIX. Ariz., April 8.— Samuel Back
was killed and a man named Anderson
fatally injured to-day in an 800-foot in
cline-shaft at Barson's Homestake mine.
In the Wickenburg district, northwest of
this/ city. The skip in the shaft caught
'aboutvhalf way down. The cable con
tinued to unwind, and when . the skip
' started - again it fell to the bottom, where
the men v were working on the pump. -
Killed in a Mine Accident.
Thousand Cattlemen in Session.
RAPID CITY, S. D.. April 8.— The an
nual meeting of the Western Cattelmen's
Association began here io-day. There are
1000 delegates in the' cirv, representing
South Dakota. Nebraska, Iowa, Wyoming
and Colorado. The forenoon was- devoted
to the reception of the vistora 'and the
business sessions began this afternoon.
STANFORD -UNIVERSITY.' April S.-
The Stanford Christian associations are
planning a water carnival to take place on
the evening of April 25 on Lake La&uni ta.
-which is situated immediately, southwest
of the university. The sports will not be
wholly aquatic, nor- will they be confined
entirely to the evening, for the committee
has plans for .tilting matches, plays, boat
races. Punch acQJudy shows and various
'. other forms of amusement.
"Water Fete at Stanford.
. "I am the • guilty party. I -• took the
money and want to plead guilty.. This
has gone far enough." • ' -v- --•;_
There being no charge against the
young man. the Judge said he was not
properly before the court. His father's
bdnd was fixed and he was permitted to
depart. . , -
Kauf mann, created a sensation ¦ in the
County Court to-day by appearing un
announced and pleading guilty of the cm
bezzlment of nearly, - 330,000, on which
charge his father » was on trial. The
father had just pleaded not guilty, when
bis son appeared suddenly and exclaimed:
OMAHA. Nebr.. April 8-TCharles I.
Kauf mann, sen. of ex-Councilman Charles
SON PLEADS GTJTLTY *
; to SAVE TTTS FATHER
The Bernals lived at the corner of
Keyes street and Stony road. A few
years ago consumption appeared in the
family and one by one the members have
died. John Bernal, who- died to-day, a
youth of 20, was the twelfth victim of the
disease. Three others have succumbed
in the last year. .-.--, . .
SAN JOSE, April 8.— With the death* of
John . Bernal to-day, consumption has
taken off twelve members of a family of
thirteen in the last- three years. Hus
band, sons and daughters have been
stricken and of a once numerous fa'mily
Mrs. Mariano • Bernal, an aged Spanish
woman; alone survives.
TWELyuTusr \ one- family. ;.:; .
: DIE OF CONSUMPTION
The revenue officers had information
that a still was located in- a bottom near
Big Meeting Creek. They surrounded the
•till and Deputy Collector Hancock step
ped out and called upon three men who
vere operating it to surrender. They an
swered with a volley of shots and the
revenue officers returned the fire. Two
of the moonshiners then fled from th«»
etiU. firing as they ran. and- made their
escape. When the smoke was cleared
away Asa Humble was dead inside the
stillhouse. One of the men' who escapea
"was wounded. - ••.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. April 8.— A fight has
taken place betwef n moonshiners and
revenue officers a mile and a half from
Big Meeting Creek Postofflce, in Hardin
County, about seventy-five miles from
this city, during which Asa Humble, an
alleged moonshiner, was killed, and Dep
uty Revenue Collector R. A. Hancock of
Louisville, who was leading the pursuing
posse, narrowly escaped death, a rifle-bali
grazing his head and leaving its mark
on the skin. • • •
ed by Revenue Agents in
* .. • Kentucky/ >¦• V.{
One Man Killed and Another Wound-
H00NSHIOT3BS BATTLE
¦ '' :. WITH: THE OFFICERS
commonly rumored thai, it will be $8000
be unable to take up
his duties in the new church at once, as
that edlnce will not be dedicated until
next" September. Delay in different parts
of the work on- the . building and many
changes of plan3 have made it practically
impossible to have it in readiness for
dedication before the end of the present
semester. 31he ceremonies will, not occur
during the summer months, because Mrs.-
Stanford desires to have the students
present and participate in them; so '.the
day of dedication probably will be the
first Sunday in September, following the'
opening of college for the fall. semester.
I>r. Newton Liberal in His Religious
TWICE ACCUBED OF HERESY.
Teachings.
NEW YORK, April 8.— The Sun says
that the intention of the Rev. Dr. Heber
.Newton to resign the rectorship of All
Souls* Church at an early, day, to accept
the invitation from the trustees of Leland
Stanford University to become the special
preacher at , that institution, as \ an
nounced from his pulpit on Easter Sun
day by his associate, is of interest and
importance.- Dr. Newton i3 in manyrt
spects and for many years has- been- the
most striking figure among the .-Episcopal;
clergy of New .York. Moreover,, his se
lection as a religious teacher .by the great
California, university, is. suggestive, for
Dr. Newton's religious views, frankly lib
eral and even radical, so far disturbed the
repose of the. Episcopal church of New
York that in ' 1&4 .- Bishop Potter y was
urged to discipline, him, and ' sc- vigorous
movement was . started by the Rev. Dr.
de. Costa to- have , him brought to trial
for, heresy. .. ..... . .;
Bishop -Potter simply = cautioned him
courteously to avoid giving occasion for
discord. When again iri 1S91" a petition
was* addressed to the Bishop by several
clergymen- asking that an inquiry con-
Gernlng Dr.. Newton's teachings . be insti
tuted, and it was followed up by a re
quest to the same effect from the accused
minister, it is true that a committee of
clergymen and laymen. was appointed by
the Bishop for the purpose, but nothing
came from it. Since that time Dr. New
ton has been left free from interference,
though he has modified; his teachings in
no way, unless to make them the more
open to - the objections "which had pro
voked the agitation for his trial for here
sy; and his eloquent and persistent fear-'
lessness '¦ in . proclaiming them has at
tracled to his church the more hearers to
be iniluenced by them. His retirement
from his rectorship is said not to be due
to any dissatisfaction with, him . or' his
preaching in his very, prosperous parish,,
for unquestionably the great mass of his
parishioners are deeply attached to * him
;'and proud of him, but'rather to his hope
that a change of scene and activity, will
be of benefit to" his health, somewhat im
paired by The labors of his : long pastor-
; conclusions of the "higher criticism" of
the Bible, which in^ general may be. said
to; have furnished ¦' the basis for them;
have , since affected the teachings
of Protestant churches very, . exten
sively, and they are accepted if not
actually propagated by professors In
practically all their leading theological
schools. Thus the religious- public has
become accustomed to views which '. pro-;
voked astonishment and resentment when
they began to be proclaimed so frankly by
Dr. , 2<Jewton. Outraged by this indication
of Indifference to the ancient ' faith, Dr.
de Costa went over to the Roman Catho
lic church. Encouraged by it. Dr. Briggs,
so notable as an expounder of the "higher
criticism," passed from Presbyterlanism
to receive holy orders in the Episcopal
church.
Dr. Heber Newton has commanded de
served respect because of the . courage
with which • he has proclaimed his opin
ions. He , has made no attempt to con
ceal them and threats of ecclesiastical
discipline have been powerless to 'restrain
him from their bold expression, and even
from going to the extreme of the conclu
sions to which they lead with a logic so
irresistible. His intrepid > honesty has
made him a distinguished figure in the
New York pulpit, so that his withdrawal
from it will leave a large vacancy. He
has long been influential in awakening in
minds unaccustomed to skeptical inquiry
the spirit of: criticism whence has come
the revolution ' in religious conviction
through which so ' . many " people have
passed or are now passing.
i, .:—,,, --¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦'¦ ¦¦.-..¦ -V-'. ¦::-. 7-: -riv- '":>.:. ?:•." r •;•„:,.:.• V.v - ;i l;\ : ; : .¦-.;:-'. •¦::/.--¦-.:'. ¦ -\ >¦'..: . ; :
EXTERIOR VIEW OF THE LELAND .STAFFORD -.MEMORIAL CHAPEL^ AT THE PALO ALTO UNIVERSITY,
."".¦; ." AND THE .NOTED; NEW .YORK EPISCOPALIAN WHO HAS ACCEPTE I? ' V AN INVITATION TO BECOME
THE RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTOR OF; ITS -STUDENT CONGREGATION. ' ,; ¦ , . ; .'
To resict this tax Is a' plain duty the people
owe to tiiemsel^eSj I would not approve of
the ] refusal to_ nay this tax on account of the
money involved.' but as a matter of principle
It is "incumbent opon those who de'slre to main
tain "their- self-respect, to resist ,the, outrage,
¦whether it I* attempted to be imposed by in
dividuals or' the Government.'.. ' '':'¦''.¦;
This tax is unwarranted .' by. the "constitution
'of the United States. • It is-dearly Illegal and
an outrage on the people of ; Alaska. More
than that, it is asknowledeed and generally
known to be illegal, and yet nothing has been
done or is proposed to be done to remove this
burning injustice — and,- I might further say,
stigma — <>n people that are supposed to be t r<*e
and the ' co-equals of ether American citizens.-
TACOMA, April 8.— What Skagway
papers call an embryo rebellion against
the United States Government, has been
undertaken by business men of Skagway.
They have decided to resist payment of
the license tax imposed upon the indus
tries.ofrAlaska, by -Federal law. lead
ers" of the.*inpvem.ehtlare..Vendeavbring- to
Wave " fevefy' ¦STtagTf.dy-tnerchant sjand s by
tKerh: ; Their pesitfbh : 'is stated 'by' -a. Skag-..
way - business ; man" 1 .'as* follows?' -¦"-'• \
Business lien Refuse to Pay 'License
Tax Imposed Upon ' Alaskan
: Industries.
SKAGWAY. THE: SCENE . "
. OF EMBRYO REBELLION
-BERLIN. April S.— At a.meeljiig-of the
tariff, committee of the,Beichstag:to-day.
during the course of a discuslon of the
duties on grapes and wine, the Imperal
Secretary of State for the Interior, Count
von Posadowsky-VTehher, declared that
the statement that 'the Imperial Chancel
lor, Count von Bulow, made the Italian
Foreign Minister, Signor Prenitti, special
concessions in regard to Italian .wines,
was pure invention. Count, YOnPosa
dowsky-Wehner again warned the com
mittee not to impede the negotiations for
the commercial treaties providing for*ex
cessive duties, which wouid not only
place the Government in. a false position
toward other countries, but would also
foster unjustifiable expectations at home,
'which later would prove fallacious.
The committee adopted clauses 44, 178
and 45 of the tariff bill practically as
proposed by the Government. Xhe com
mittee fixed the' -duty on^fresji /unpacked
apples, pears and quinces at 2V"" marks,
except in October and- 'November, when
they. wiU.be free of duty. 1. Tiie< same fruit
packed will pay a duty.- of 10 marks;
plums and cherries are taxed .fj marks;
strawberries 20 marks; currants", raspber
ries, gooseberries and other small fruits
5 marks; apricots, peaches, 'damsons and
other stone fruits not otherwise specially
mentioned, 8 marks, as propose'd ; in the
Government bill.
Von Posadowsky-Wehner Says . No
; Concessions Were Made to the
Italians.: " ? ¦¦¦'' '• ¦'¦'
3EICHSTAG. MEIOEBS
FIX THE FBXJIT DUTIES
From that point a detour eastward is
made, skirting the base of the Provi
dence Mountains on the western slope,
yrblch are now attracting attention ow
ing to the gold, silver; copper and iron
deposits recently discovered. After leav
ing the pass in the New York Mountains
an'l crossing the extension of the Cali
fornia Eastern from Blake i to'" Manvel
into .Ivanpah .Valley,, the. Nevada. State
line is reached. The. road -, from that
point takes a northeasterly, course, the
exact line not having been determined.
It is learned that Mr. Harriman gave
specific instructions that work* must l»e
rushed after contracts -are let, and that
at least 1000 men should be placed at
ncrk on each division, so that quick
rtcults could be accomolished.
As proposed, the route proper will have
its beginning at Banning, extending in a
general northerly direction, owing to the
trend of the mountain ranges, until Lud
low, on the Santa Fe, is reached. In a
zigzag line the. first base will be made at
the headwaters of Mojave Lake, where an
abundance of fresh water is obtainable.
LOS ANGELES, April 8.— From present
Indications the Oregon Short Line' will be
the flrst of the three prospective new
railroads to reach Los Angeles. . The
word has gone forth that the construc
tion department of the Southern Pacific
must be prepared -for an active campaign
during the coming summer. 1
On the arrival of R. H. Harriman the
engineers who hav^ been surveying the
route of the Oregon Short Line through
California : and into Southern Nevada
were called into Los Angeles to exhibit
their profile maps. After a thorough con
sultation the route was accepted and for
warded to Washington. Plans for con
struction have so far been completed that
during the coming month contracts will
be let.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Thousand Men to Be Put at Wort
on Each Division and the
Line Built Without
Delay.
Will Let Construction Con
tracts During the
Coming Month.
-The ordinance absolutely bars any firm
conducting any kind of business in Fresno
from having gambling devices of any
kind, wheth«r, used or not, or permitting
any form, of gambling, whatever, in : or on
their prfemI»eS3,i whethey. they pay in'mer
chandise ; or cash, ft -was Introduced by
Truste/Strbtta*. - ; S;?* 1 ? ;; - "^ : '
"Any persons," it reads, ' A '8rm or cor-
p(5ratJoo dbing^r pe'riijitting anything pro
hibited-by this section shall- be deemed
unfit to be trusted with the privilege
granted by such license and - the license
may be revoked at any time on account
thereof." . '
• FRESNO, April 8.— The City Board of
Trustees last night .passed a sweeping
ordinance that effectually abolishes all
forms of gambling in this city. The ordi
nance is aimed particularly at slot ma
chines, but includes all other kinds of
gambling, and provides for the revocation
of the license of liquor and cigar dealers
failing to comply with the provisions.
The ord.inance.is the result of the faulty
operation of several previous ones hav
ing similar objects. Several months ago
the Board of Trustees : passed a slot ma
chine ordinance, making it unlawful for
any one to operate a machine within the
corporate limits. All .of the money ma
chines werevtaken out on .January 1, when
the law went into eff ect,~ but the cigar
men held together, resolving to. fight-the
ordinance. Frequent arrests followed,
but It was a hard matter to get a jury to
convict. On the third trial, L. Samuels,
one of the cigar men, was convicted and
his case was taken to the Superior Court.
Here Judge Church decided that the slot
machine, as operated In the cigar stores,
was a' banking game, and therefore gov
erned by the State law and not by the
city orainance. .
1 his cleared Samuels, but for some days
the cigar men hung back, afraid to pro
ceed against the (State law. Finally the
machines appeared on the counter of Fred
Tegeler, another dealer, who was soon ar
rested and tried under the State law be
fore Justice St. John. The cigar men had
had a sign posted . on each machine
that merchandise to the . value of the
money played would be given in exchange
for every nickel played into the machine,
and this, the defense argued at the trial,
robbed the machines of the feature that,
according to Judge Church's decision,
made them a banking game. Tegeler was
acquitted, and since then ' the machines'
have been operating freely in every cigar
store in town. •' - .
At the time that the first slot machine
ordinance was passed, another ordinance,
making all percentage gambling games il
legal, Was adopted. This stopped effec
tually nearly all the games,, but there was'
difficulty" In ascertaining whether or not j
a'\game was conducted . on a percentage;!
basis. Lately a number of the saloons
and cigar stores have been running big
games., asserting, however, that there was
no percentage taken out. In the opinion
of the City Trustees, the gambling evil
was not materially lessened, and last
night there was passed the second ordi
nance, which gives tha Trustees full con
trol over all of the games., .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Bars Nickel Machines and All
Forms of, percentage.
Harriman Approves the
Route Chosen by\
Surveyors
i *;-," : S, •; ,-¦¦¦• . % . . . J ¦ • '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 8.
—Rev. Dr. Heber C. Newton of
All Souls' Church, New York City,
has resigned his position there to ;
accept the pastorate of the Leland
Stanford Memorial Church. Dr.; Newton,
is one of the most prominent clergymen
in the country and a leader in Episco
palian Church circles. -His religious views
are those of the .most liberal of Episco
palian churchmen, and in engaging him
as pastor at the universslty, Mrs. Stanford
has been extremely fortunate in bringing
to Stanford a brilliant thinker and
speaker and <a man whose denomina
tional views will not «interf ere -with the
idea of a non-sectariati college.
Dr. Newton is the author of a number
of religious works, one of the best known
being his "Right and Wrong Use of th6
Bible." Besides his .'duties as college
clergyman, Dr. Newton probably will give
a course in ethics in the university simi
lar to Hhat conducted last, year by the
Rev. Charles R. Brown of Oakland. While
the amount that the pastor will ' receive
as salary has not been made public, it is
Trustees Pass an Ordi
nance Sweeping in Its ';
Provisions. >
SHORT LINE
WILL REACH
COAST SOON
GAMBLING GAMES
TABOO IN FRESNO
WINS A WIDOW
WHILE BEGGING
REV. DR. HEBER C. NEWTON ACCEPTS
THE CALL TO STANFORD UNiVERSITY
Memorial Church Over v W
¦ copalian ; Wili ; P
Be Dedicated ' Before the: First Sunday in Next September
' ¦ V' '¦'.' <¦- ' - t. ¦ • ' ' " ..'¦.'-'-¦' : - - '¦ - f _ .-¦-•¦..-¦ - / .
Shasta County Man the
~'\ Hero of a Quick
Romance.
Penniless Visitor Finds/ a
Wife and a' Model
Farm. v: \ \ :
ate in New York. For several weeks past
h e ¦ has = been : forced : to : seek . rest . and ; re
cuperation''at his seaside home .at- East
Hampton ¦ on ¦¦ Long Island. . '
The religious views expressed so boldly
by Dr. Newton, which aroused so loud a
protest ten and fifteen years ago, have no
longer the novelty they then had. The
Next afternoon the couple drove to Sac
ramento. Lilly was made presentable and
in the evening the couple t secured a li
cense and .a clergyman -married them.
Lilly now manages the model . farm and
writes that, he ia assured that he is a
partner in the snug^bank account as well.
Other information received from Sacra
mento confirms the story. .
REDDING, 1 April.8:— John Lillyr-.'Toast
er stiff" by ; trade; now looks back upon
the dark day: when he was laid off at tha
Keswick smelter"" for lack of ' work and
faced the trail: to -the "outside world al
most penniless? as, the' most fortunate day
of his: lifei "Lilly went from ; penury ' to
hunger, and* when 'just abOut near star
yation" life. 1 , was' ¦rescued.' t>y.; a wealthy
£widow who' not; only gave "him 'food and
fraim^ntr' but .who - married < him in less
than-: thirty-six -hours after he knocked
a0tier. backldoar.; . .-: ¦ ..-•> • ¦ '¦ ,-. '¦.,: ¦'•
;V Lilly//; leftrKeswick- six weeks ago and
hews of . his rare fprtune comes ; in a let
ter to an- old comrade on the. roasting ore
pile, inviting him- to- come/ down •* for a
visit at Lilly's- model farm, •;;¦ Lilly, is a
frank-face^-fellow of 28 years.' When he
left. Keswick he plodded -south along the
railroad. -. It was. not/ the season .when
farm laborers aire in demand and Lilly
found . no % steady employment, He
tramped . through ¦= Tehama and Glenn
counties and over.. 1 part of v . Yolo, . sleeping
in barns and .stacks and , .eating
there ..was anything eatable, in sight,.'--; . ..-•
When- Lflly • .reacned Knights landing
he had been reduced to beggary. He saw
a comfortable, farm house by the highway
and knocked" at the rear door. Of : the*
elderly woman who answered he begged
food. Lilly' was taken in and fed
fully. Then ' he " told his i story of hard
luck. The woman , was a" widow of ex
tensive " means, owning the large farm.
Lilly remained to supper and then ac
cepted an invitation to spend the night.
After the. strangest evening of his. life
Lilly retired with the promise of the
widow, who was just twenty years his
senior, to marry him" on the following
: day. .- -•.-..--•
Special Dis^tcli ' to The ¦ Call.
i "If I can get the right kind of induce
ments," says the Consul General, "sev
eral thousand Boer refugees will go to
Colorado and settle on farms. They will
make the best of citizens, I am sure."
DENVER, Colo., April 8.— A Boer col
ony may be established along the line of
the proposed Denver and' Salt Lake Short
Line. A committee of local -Boer sympa
thizers called on the State -Land Board
to-day with a- letter from Boer Consul
General Pierce of New York, asking for
information about State lands along the
new route. ¦-. -, *
BOERS MAY SETTLE
ON COLOSAJDO LANDS
riii I * y -/-j 4\t- "PT? A ATPTflrrS T 1 ATT ¦ "\\TT« T T^'XrTrGlTVAV •• : ' A T*T?TT. * Q»». ' 1 QOf? '
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEICEKTS. j
.. Insures Love and a Happy • Home
How any man may <julckly cure Mmsetf after
years of Buffering from sf xual ; weakness, rlost
xltaJity. night 'losses, varfcocele^ etc., and. en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Kimply *en<l your name and' address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co.. 1373 Hull building;, Detroit.
. Mich., and, they wilr gladly, send the free re-
• cr>Jpt with full directions., eo .' any " man ¦.. may
easily cure himself at home. This is c#rtaln!y
a most generous offer, and. the following ex-
' tracts taken from their daily mall,' show what
nx-h think of their generosity: . '¦
"Dear Bins : Please accept my sincere thank«
t or yours of recent date. ! I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit ha«
been eAraordlnary. It has completely' braced
tne m\>. 1 i.m just as vigorous as when a boy
• ana you cannot realize how happy I am."-,..
'"Dear Sirs: Your method worked beauti-
fully. Results' were exactly what I needed.'
Strength and vigor have . completely » returned
and enlargement Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sirs: Tours was recMved and I had
no trouble In making use of .the receipt as "di-
rected, and can truthfully say It lit boon to
' weak men. I am greatly Improved In «lze,
etrerigtb and .vigor."- ¦ .: -
Ail corretpondenc* Is' strictly confidential,
snalled in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
• •« free tor the asking and they want every man
to h»v« ' It • . ; .
for Ail.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE. -
Ruddy, Clear Faces Are Indica-
tions ol Spring Health.
Paine's Celery
Compound
Vigorous Vitality.
Makes Pore, M Blood and Es»
tablishes a New and
Men and women^ho have used Paine's
CeTery Compound, and all ™*°**™*
knowledge of the wondrous cures it has
wrought" particularly , in springtime^^ unite
in declaring that the great medicine to a
national blessing. ;i .-.'.:¦. , . .
The use of Paine's .Cefery Compound at
this -season by the weak, nervous, sleep-
less and those afflicted with rheumf'sm
neuralgia, dyspepsia, liver trouble, kidney
disease and' impure .and poisoned blood
means pure, red blood, perfect digestive
vigor, ruddy, clear faces, renewed strengta
and permanent health.
Thousands of grateful people have sent
in unsolicited letters testifying to cures
made >y Paine's Celery Compound after
the failures of doctors and use of other
medicines, . The wealthy- and poor, tha
noted andifamous of our, large cities and
the quiet people : of our . rural districts,
have sent the glad news that at last they
have ; found a remedy - (Paine's Celery
Compound) that has restored lost vitality
and. made them themselves again.
. No, proof of the efficacy of Paine's Cel-
ery : Compound- as , a blood purifier and
renovator can be more conclusive or forci-
ble than the strorik testimony offered. by
Mr/ Ira Williams of Jamestown, N. Y.,
one of the" most, popular traveling sales-
men on the'road> Mr. "Williams says: ;
"It is now_ about eight years since I ussd
Paine's Celery Compound and cleared my
system of impurities.' from which I suf-
fered severely . on account of a breaking
out all over my head and part of my body.
T spent hundreds of dollars In employing
the best physicians, but they could do
nothing for me. By the use of your won-
derful medicine my recovery was -com-
plete. I am a traveling salesman, on tha
road most fc of the time, and sincerely be-
lieve that I have helped thousands of oth-
ers by my personal testimony as to the
wonderful curative properties of Paine's
Celery Compound. It certainly merits its
wonderful success, and it gives me great
pleasure to say so."
THAMftVft IIYP^ coIor anything any color.
L'lAlTlUli U V I Lj simple, durable, economical.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V*? . Steamers leave Broad-way
13^ Wharf, San Francisco: ¦
«8J|Stea. For Ketchikan, Juneau.
tfgigsak^ Skaguay, etc.. Alaska— 11
l^fS^fck a. m.. April 6, 11, 16. 21.
Kd^KtCTUVa 26, May 1. Change to com-
', SSff&^SW 3Ba% pany's steamers at Seattle.
BgMffll For Victoria. Vancouver,
r Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
N^b^gl enrna. Everett, Naw What-
fo __ 1t _ n^TAprtt 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. May 1.
SSJh £. Settle to this company's steamers
for ifaska and ON. By.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N P Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Euwka <Humboldt Bay>— 1:30 p. m..
AP F ri or ¦ 1 L^£A 1 ?' A nA ¦
¦ W 5OTSrAifc."W San M»»AEut
San Pedro). Santa,. Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Lois Obispo
(via Port Harford), Ventura. Huenema and
•Newport ('Santa. Crua only). _ ...
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., AprtT12 20. 2» May «. >*
Santa Cruz. © a. m. (freight ¦ only). April 8. (
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos« dal
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La, Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7U» each month.-
For further information obtain f older*
Right Is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates. •
TICKET OIiT?ICE — * Ne w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gea. Agents,
¦ ¦ . • ¦ ¦ - 10 Market St.. San Francslco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR :':-'
NOME m
.. LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR • JT7KB I f
VALENCIA... i JUNK I "*
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUESN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 aad May 31, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Tha
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to ' Noma last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and
Kom* folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. GenL Agenta.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O.R.& N. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.;fe
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
¦ Points East. Through Tickets . to . All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
£S COLUMBIA Sails. ..April 13. 23. May 3. 13
SS. GCa W. ELDER Salta '
....; April 8. IS. 2S. May 3
Steamer sails from foot of Spear »t.. 11 a. m.
JX W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt- . 1 Mor.s'y, S. V.
PACIFIC STEAM HAV16AT10H CO.
And Gia Sad Americana to Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopptse ** Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sallies from How-
ard 3. yfer 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA .-April 11 {GUATEMALA: Apr. —
TTCAPEL ..-April lSiPALEXA STay —
Tbewe steamers are bailt expressly for Cen-
tral aad S-oz.Ui A— .«rrica3 passesser merrier.
(Ho cbang* at Acapolco or Panama.) Frelsat
and passenger office. ZIO California street.
BALFOUB. GUTHRIE It CO.. Gen- Agent*.
ES. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10, 10 a. a,
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu 4
Sa-.nrday. April 19. 2 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.. L.
.;...... Sunday. May 4, 10 a-m.
I. d. smems & MOica, Gsieral izts., 323 Kami
BEii'I Pass, dee, 6&Maftet sl, Pigr li 7: PadHa si
PANAMA R, R, ST »
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIBEGT.
Cabin. $103;, Steerage. fiO; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll... ...Sails May
S. S. Leelanaw ...isails May
From Howard-street 'Wnaff.Pler 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market su
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent.
AMERICAN , XjXZVXS.
\ NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Phllad'pha.Ap. 10.10 am St. Louis.-.Apt.ao,10an
St. Paul.. Apl. 23, 10 am !Phllad'pha.May7.10 am
3R.33X> STAH. IjITST^!.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Pennland..Apl.l4, 3 pn-|Ksn«:ngton.Ap.23, noow
Vaderland..Ap.lO. noon|Zeeland.*..Apl. 30. r<<*\
, INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
CHAS. D- TAYT.OR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FETrsTNAvOiFA^^
Steamers GEN. -f RISBIS or MONTIGEILO;
~ 9:-l«J a.'m., 3:15 and S:3O p. "in., except San- «.
day. Sunday,. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. S p. m., eicayt
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. ra.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 5o
cents. Telephone Main 1508. , . Landing and
office, pier 2, Mlssicc-street dock. HATCH
EROS. .
"^ENE'S
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TH0USANDS
LOST!
. Thousands of dollars have been thrown away
by people trylns to save money by purchasing
through big advertisements of transient dealers.
Cheap, new- .pianos -advertised • at $185, and
claimed to be. worth -more, but which can ber
had at any high grade establishment, for 1105,
and from us for $97. Such pianos- no reliable
dealer guarantees. We have some real . reliable
¦bargains and hundred* of high grade pianos to
¦ choose from, and we are the only direct factory
representatives on the coast and can sell you
a high grade instrument closer than any other
¦ho-Jse. .-•>.--. , .•'¦ -' ' . . -
We are making a specialty* of renting beauti-
ful high gride pianos for $2. 50 a month. Kent
allowed' on purchase.
Reliable, piano bargain — 1 Knabe, (95: 1
Heine, $185: 2 Steinways, $165: 3 Chickerlngs,
$140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares, $15 up.
Small amount down and low payments accord-
ing to cuality. ' v . '
CO., Heine Hall, 235-237 Geary Street.
' W WrfwH Ik W^IH rnr <^ *S
cJsfff . I »j i\f.Ailr»J >
*2*ji££& LNJECTIO.N. <
FA PERMflHENT CURE I
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonarilma i'
2 tod Gleet, eainoteed ia from 3 to 6 <
c flaye : dc oxbrr treatment required. s
5 Sold by all draggtsta. , j «
WONG WOO,
K| CHIRESE TEA AND HERB
VPS 1 SANITARIUM.
''iJS&b* 764 " 66 claySti > s - F -» Cil -
%^P^Mv A LL DISKASK3V.URIlD
' •<W<#55Sk8i«V r\ exclutixtir by CUuh
fccibs. . oT«r 2000 Tarlrtles being uaea * lloura
• :3O to 11 ¦ m. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to a p. jau
; ' I OCEAN, TRAVEL.
TOYOMKAJSM
ST£A>1EES .WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n«r Ktrst and Brannan streets at 1 p i
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callins sit
KoW (Hiogo). " Nagasaki and Shanghai tmd con-
necting -'at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc.' ' No carso received on board • on - day of
sailing.-- ¦••"-- "' - — ». / ';
S3. HOKGKOXO MARU. .......... 1 ...
...;.....;..... .....Tuesday.' April 13th, 1003
ES., NIPPON MARU.. ...Friday. May 8th, 1003
SS. AMERICA HARD.;
....-.:...'. Wednesday. Juno 4th. 1003
! Round-trip 3 tickets .at- reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
' 421 - Market street, corner First. ¦
W. H. AVERY. General Aireat.
COHPAGNIE QENEBAL2 TRAH3ATLANTHJUE.
¦ UIKECrr LINE ' TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of XSnSFJA
Saturday, at 10 «•- m., from pier -42, iSGUsSBSs
North < River,' : foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward.' Second
class to Havre. 545 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY • FOR UNITED SPATES and; CAN-
ADA, 82 Broadway. (Hudson building), - N*w
York. ; J. > F. '- FUG AZI & CO.. • PadHo Coast
'Agents,' 5 : Montgomery avenue, ¦ San Francisco.
Tickets ; sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
l-^ &% ' ¦ K * ' ¦ "" *¦ ul M Ai ' ja - backs nre ; lh«» -result—- lAtne backs, -weak backs — backs that . ca
B ¦'*•''• kY n*i ' " ' V wl ¦ ¦¦' ! C • '"* : .' : am' : ~.' : . '¦'' r :-\nk~ : : :; : -.'-V-'iteer»»'-tIipu5h":»llitl«eillfei-liad-«gone<out of them — never pi
fei 'MW' ' sHm ' '• ' ' V.H m " VB1 ; ' Xlil ¦ -*' rested ' backs, -' tireder in the morning than at night — lots of §3
fl '¦ kW''" 1^' jt ' .,¦ ."Cjf.- .-•'-" w ' '¦'¦ w\ '' ? -them right here in San Francisco. -Not- ao many, as there ||
Q' vim'// nd!3«® Wr • tr facturers 1 ag-ents, groceries, clgrars tobacco, fine stationery. , 6
S - yllllit/ V- a^S^^w3^^^^^!^«S#a[ ivS A ' 4f <¦ ¦ . ladles', and gents 1 furnishings,, 8 Eighth st., says: "Typhoid ffl
Q, "will/ 1 "*Hs^^BMfiimmS5S < ?^^jM]l8iffiBg&. BflS^L - ' Jr and malaria fever brought on kidney complaint some ten ||
El «!Un. f W&UESsFWQffiP&a S'^^ l 50^^§^a*SS^^ '¦• Jr' years ago. or at least, left my kidneys affected, rendering Eg
|-i ¦ 'ajSv/A' 2*mH- ' 'SW the - 9e of. medical appliances .necessary at times. Phy- El
M- ' :^m!ff& lK^^^^^^^^S^^fS^-S^^$^^l^K »» |r , ¦ 'sicians advised an bneratlon. but I would not consent to g|
|3 '"< '- T^fl^friTrTiTniy^oBBBMBitBiKEc^ffEfS^ ' B<> " " It as I had not sufficient faith In surgery antj not a great Kg
fe f\fr - deaI !n med icine. It was only through a rather convinc- gq
14 '¦' ¦ ' 'ing; statement:!, read In -the newspapers that I was in- [a
H "' ' " ' '¦' " duced to go to the No Percentage Drugstore, 940 Market st., f§
raj ' :. : MSttliill! - "* : v ''¦'•" sclentiously say, they removed the difficulty. If they had fl
btt gWW^»aiiMLM..»Jgrgw'fettJ^^i£^l^feCTi^3B3taJC^ not I roti'«l not be Induced to r«H?ommend the preparation. SI
H'- ' WMBB ''*WWWgM|^KjS^^^^^g^!gg^^^^||BJMB> neither would I have mentioned the ' matter to morethan fa
9 Doan's Kidney P.lls eri far sale at all drug stores— 50c a box. Foster-M-lburn Cb:, Buffalo, N. Y^ :; i
ADVERTISEMENTS.W. B. Storey, Eleven Years Manager at Ala
meda for Wells-Fargo Corporation, Re
signs, Owing to Age and Failing Health
RETIRES FROM EMPLOY
OF EXPRESS COMPANY
Less' Successor Chosen.
A. Goflngel was yesterday appointed
local representative of the Journeymen
Barbers' Union No. 143,"" to succeed L
Less, who absconded a short time ago
with several hundred dollars of tho
union's fund3. iJlllillllllHlMlfllllll
A Pure Halt Extract.
Malt-Nutrlne stands upon its merit. It
is the condensed nutriment of pure malt
—refreshing and strengthening. Prepared
only by. the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n. St. Louis. U. S. A. . •
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, April 8.— The following
Californlana have arrived: San Francis
co—A. L. Peyer, G. Ruhl. at the Pabst;
B. Guggenheimer. A. L. Scott, J, S. Loss.
"W. Thomas, at the' Manhattan; W. Cres
well, R. Rosenthal, at the Navarre: H.
Lesser, L. Machold. at the. Herald
square.
Los Angeles— W. D. Curti3, at the Gil
sey.. v : . •• .
San Jose— H. Edwards, at the Grand
Union. •-- /?i
L. McCreery, the well-known polo play
er and clubman of Burltngame, la spend
ing a few days at the Palace.
John E. Budd, brother of ex-Governor
Budd, Is down from Stockton and has
made his headquarters at the Lick.
E. R. Gifford. a dry-goods merchant of i
Auburn, Is down here on a short business
trip and has made his headquarters at ths
Palace.. . .. .• ¦
William Levy of Reno is a guest at th«
Occidental.
" F. *A7 Barr, a railroad mah~of~Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
¦ H. B. Gtllis. a prominent resident of
Treka, is a guest at the Grand.
II. B. Mulr, an attorney of Willits. is
among the arrivals at tne Grand.
C. B. Jlllson. ex- Assemblyman and min
ing expert of Napa, is at the Grand.
W.:H. Clary, a mining man who resides
at Stockton, is a guest at the Lick..
. Louis A.-'Metcalf arrived from^Nome)
yesterday and is staying at the Palace.
Julius Adler, a well-known musician
and band leader of Seattle, la registered
at the Grand.
Colonel N. S; Bangham of the National
Guard is down from Sacramento and 13
registered at the Occidental.
PEESONAL.
line of Powell street. 23 feet south from
O'Farrell. The lot is 46x137:6 feet. The
improvements consist of a three-story
brick building, which rents for about W50
per month. The price paid -was $112,000. V
This property was bought by the late Dr. V'
Albertson in 1S82 for $35,000 and was sold'
by his estate last October to Mr. Stewart K
for $92,500. Burnham & Marsh were tha
brokers who made the deal by which Mr.
Haas becomes the owner..
. The • Dabney. Oil Company ; Is suing : . the
Parafflne Paint Company . fer.' $30,000 ; for
breach* o* contract,^'alleging,- that it was
damaged. to that extent through- the fail
ure of the defendant corporation to keep
an agreement to purchase from the plain
tiff [ 250 carloads of v oiL •. ¦ v - '• -~- i
Alleges Breach of Contrccti .
The. Board ,of Police Commissioners
last night dismissed the charges . against
Officer Joseph P." Lycette, who was-ac
'cused of playing poker in a saloon at 2-I1S
Green street on /February 22. The board
appointed H. W. Cowley? Norman Z/rU
Grange and Louis J. Becker members of
the department. ' Axel Johnson, who con
ducts a saloon at Ptne and Dupont streets
was cited to appear to show cause why
-his license should^not be taken away, . he
having push buttons In rooms above his
saloon. .
Police Commissioners' Meeting.
r' : ?: The ; dbcurheht ; concludes '. with - various
pertinent citations from legal authorities
and a»prayer ; to ithe court to ; exercise due
care in" deciding- •/ about "ithe -right .• of - a
.man I to v dispose < of .his - property,;; by ,-•. will.
' Deputy, ' Fish- . Commissioner ¦ Kercheval
arrested a Japanese fisherman,* named J3.
Akaza, at Truckee; yesterday, for shipping
undersized 'trout :to this city. , -:
which' are ; unambiguous and* perfectly clear, as
to v the ' personal ; property ; itmt they are swept
away,*, and i: we = are - told , that 1 the test is the
"presumed wishes" of : thc testator. v We are un
fortunate ' in being on the losing: i side . of | each
proposition."- In the, rustic phrase we are caught
Va-going ;-;a.nd .- a-cominj;." •{ Laying- ; aside . the
above ¦¦ general expressions, "which . do not - bear
analjTJl! 1 , i and ." are. . therefore, not a • sufficient
basis : for the daughter's children and
the £ brothers , and ¦, sisters of the rights given
them 1, by-, the < will," we ; come, to j considerations
which are a. shade more definite.; , ¦' ' • r '
Game Law Violator Is Caught.
. The Board of Bank '.Commissioners is
sued a license yesterday, for the establish
ment' of the Bank 'of Lincoln, at ¦ Lin
coln," Placer County. The new Institution
has an authorized capital of $25,000, which,
is •', fully ' subscribed. . Walter - Jansen has
been chosen president and B. ¦ C. Musser
treasurer and "cashier." The Pasadena
Bank has been allowed - to change its
name to the Glendora Bank and its place
of business from Pasadena to Glendora'.
Activity in = Banking Circles.
Powell-Street Property Sold.
A. Haas has bought from C.' A. Stew
art the lot and Improvements on the west
The will of Samuel W. . Rosenstock, a
merchant,..wh6 died here on the 1st lnst.,
was. filed for probate' yesterday.- Rosen
stock,'who was very wealthy, leaves $10,
000 to'the pacific Hebrew i^rphan Associa
tion. $5000. to the Eureka Benevolent Asso
ciation and many small bequests to other
charltles.-^With ; the exception of" a ,be
quest of $250,000 to ; his daughter, . Hilda
Nuttall, -.-' he • leaves the balance of his
estate to hls-wife. . " /
.The. will of the late Major B. F.-Pope
was filed for probate yesterday. He leaves
his estate, estimated to be worth $18,500.
to his wife, and in the case of her demise
to nis. three . younger children. "As -Mrs.
Pop* died within a few weeks of her hus
band,*'the children* will get the property.
Leaves Large Sums to Charity.
'SANTA CRUZ, April 8.— The Santa Cruz
County Supervisors granted . to Fred W.
S wanton a franchise for" an electric rail
road from, this city ¦ to Capltola.
Santa Cruz-Capitola Railroad.
The Merchants' Mutual Benefit Associa
tion, a beneficial society organized by the
merchants, of this city, was Incorporated
yesterday with the following prominent
business men as directors: E. B. Cutter,
Joseph Rosenberg, A. M. Burns, William
Baehr and J. M. Pettlgrew. The associa
tion'was organized Apr:l 4 at 431 Califor
nia street. .. ,The members are Eugene
Gauthier Jr., H. Eppinger, H. Waterman,
W. Baehr. I. Moss. C. F. Giles, A. S.
Moseley, E. Meyer, H. Keiner, M. Adler,
Philip Anspacher, J. E. de Ruyter E.
Detrick, G.- P. Morrow, E. B. Cutter, J.
M. Pettlgrew; G. W. Alexander, , E. A.
Bresse, T. C.Frledlander, A. B. Field and
Joseph Rosenberg. • ... ' ¦ . ' ¦;¦
Merchants Form < Association. /
•First appearance.
The music hall of Sherman, Clay & Co.
was filled last evening, the occasion being
the fifth operatic concert of Joseph Gre
ven's advanced pupils. Different operatic
selections were well sung in costume 'and
were enthusiastically received by the au
dience.. _No encores were permitted, ' but
the floral gifts were most lavish. Miss
Florence Walbey's "Shadow Song" and the
duet from "The Marriage of Figaro" were
especially well .done, as was also Miss
Mabel Jackson-Christes' rendition of
"Elizabeth's Prayer." Miss Mildred Kear
ney's "Carmen" selections were splen
didly given and promised future successes
for the singer. The programme was as
follows:
(a) Overture from "Zampa" <Herold) n>>
overture from "Orpheus" (Offenbach), instru
mental quartet — violin, J. Haug- 'cello w
fitrelitz;, flute, H. Schaefer; piano, R. Yanke
Scene - from "Frelschutz" (C. M. von Weber)'
Agnes— Mrs. Lenore Greven,* , Annie— MIm
Florence Donovan; (a) duet, (b) arietta (\n
¦ni«), (c) aria and recitative (Agnes)., (a) Basso
profondo aria. "Magic Flute" ; Moiar'?
Chailcs.Betts; (b) "Ave Maria" (adapted from
Intermezzo) (Mascagnl). Miss Sndle Colbv •
(a) Aria from "Night In Granada" OCreutzeri
Fred Huber; (b) " 'Twas . a Knight" F ("Mart
tana's". ballad) (Wallace). Miss Kitty Mc-
Pbane; (c) duet from- "Boccaccio" (Sunne)
Scene from "Maritana" (Wallace) fa) "Scene*
?& at .. A , re '. B 5? htrt S£. Mrs - Ka therine Muller?*
(b) "Alas! Those Chimes," Miss Alice Ashbv
Kane:* (c) duet.. "Sainted Mother." (a) Waltz
eong from "Romeo and Juliet" (Gounod) MiM
Ray Goldstcrn; (b) "The Blind Girl's Soni"
from "La Gioconda" (Ponchlelli). Miss Erne
Hupp; (c) duet from "Norma" (Bellini) fn?
"Elizabeth's Prayer." , . • "Tannhauser" (R
Wagner), Miss Mabel Jackson-Christes- Vhi
"Shadow Song, Dlnorah" (Meyerbeer)' Mis*
Flcrcnco E. Walbey; (c) duet from "Le NoVze
dl Figaro" (Mozart), (a) Recitative and aril
"Ernanl. Oh Come and Fly With Me" (Verdi)
Mrs. Ed Burns; (b) recitative and aria "How
I Trusted!" E V McGlnty; : (c) duet "No
for Vengeance." (a) "Avanerai" ' (b) "G1d«y
Song" (Carmen), Miss Mildred Kearney*
Scene from "Trovatore" . (Verdi), (a) aria
"Ah si, - ben mio," John Beatty ;• (b) aria'
/'Stride la vampa." Miss ZIta Fahey ; ( c) ' duet
,'Home to Our Mountains." '¦ At . the piano jol
eeph Greven.' ' ... • ""
Selections Make Especial Hit.
Ploral Gifts Numerous.
Miss Mildred Kearney's "Carmen"-
QBE VEN OPEBATIC CONCEBT
GIVES DELIGET TO HEABERS
The Harness-makers'. Union . served no
tice on all the manufacturers that its men
desired \ an . increase of „ 10 . per ' cent j in
wages and a reduction of hours per day
from ten to nine. - The ! piece-workers also
demanded, through the. union, that they
receive an increase »( 25 % per cent in
wages. The wages . paid at the present
time range from $2 50 to $4 per day, and
the ' employers claim that this Is an in
crease of at least 25 per cent on what was
paid one year ago. . <
About five hundred .harness-makers are
preparing to quit their employment and
go on a strike next Friday if certain de
mands made upon their, employers by the
Harness-makers' Union are not acceded
to. A meeting of the harness manufac
turers, was held Monday afternoon, but
no agreement as to what answer should
be given the union was arrived at. A
committee will report to-day, and upon
that committee's report the reply will be
framed.* - -¦¦••¦• ¦ ? » . - ¦'¦ ¦ -> - •
Reduction of Their
Hours.
Demand an Increase of Wages and a
The records In the County Clerk's of
fice show that special letters of adminis
tration on Dolan's estate were issued to'
Rudolph Urbais of 1108 Hampshire street.
The estate consists of a piece of proper
ty at Twenty-fourth and Bryant streets,
appraised at IS500, which is said to be
far below its real value. The heirs are
Charles Dolan, a son; Emma Dolan, a
daughter, and two married daughters re
siding in New York. On this showing
Miss Dolan is entitled to more than
S2000, and Superintendent Kelly thinks the
¦woman should not be maintained by the
city. It is said that Mrs. Urbais. wife of
the administrator, agreed to care for her
for 515 per month, but nothing has been
done toward accepting the offer.
Superintendent W. J. Kelly of the Alms
hcuse made the discovery yesterday that
Emma. Dolan, an inmate of the Institu
tion, is heiress to an estate left by her
father, Hugh Dolan, who died recently.
Kelly is of the opinion that the young
woman, who is said to be feeble-minded,
is being cared for illegally at the expense
of the city. He proposes to take steps
to Induce her relatives to take charge
of her. Failing in that, he will appeal
to the Probate Court and ask that an
allowance be made out of her share of
the estate for her maintenance.
Illegally at Institution.
Superintendent Kelly Reports That
7?TTTna Dolan Is Being maintained
But the "opinion goes on to speak of the -"pre-'
sumed wishes" 'of .the; testator and adopts a
statement that -"the test Is whether the uphold
'lng of one pan and th* rejection of another will
defeat the presumed) wishes of the testator."
,We do not know.; whether the -'.'general ¦ plan','
or'"the scheme";* of '.the will referred to in the
opinion are based .upon the , testator's '"pre
sumed wishes" - or not. •' But, : passing this, we"
: deny that - there are i any such , things. ' "What
are the . "presumed wishes'.' . of a testa tor?, What
authorizes . a • court to presume- anything ' about
his J wishes? .We • respectfully submit ¦"that > the
only wishes which a court can: know' anything'
I about are those which he has ¦ expressed in • his
will," to which the court is confined.". : ¦•'* . •*¦•' " ' -.
After giving 'thecourt the above- quoted
', instructions . as . to .the j correct < method • of
procedure, 7 the,': petitioners diverge^ ¦; to* a"
brief discussion of a 'point in ? the .fealty
decision.' It' is: hinted* that the -.court -is
inconsistent Jn regard t to- Its decision 'of
ithe two cases. ., :-. . •¦¦¦ ¦¦: ,
' It"' is: then ? sald:; -'"_"; r^ ; ¦ ' /
"•; On , the ; present abpeal , we . have., provisions
"'¦"Vr •"¦¦¦-• • •.' -?-'-¦-¦;.¦>¦ •¦'.'¦•¦'"¦'.'".« '';v. •>"'¦'*.'<"*;'•¦;-'
Court' Is Given Instructions.
: vine petition goes on to quote the
court's opinion; where in- speaking of the
: decision in" regard * to - the real -property
it is said, "It happened that the distri
bution there appealed from, dealt- only
with the. real property; 'but it would aa
i ciearly have swept away the claim of the
trustees to the personalty if that ; had
been in the way, as it did their claims to
ithe life estate 1 ."
The petitioners make: the following
comment on this statement: ?. „ :
"We have, of ' course, no .means of knowing
what the court "would have" done if the case
before it had 'been other than It wan; and we
' submit j with ' deference ¦ thatp in \ a legal sense,
the court Itself 'cannot know what it would
have done In a case which was neither .before
it nor argued to It. But passing the statement
as to what the court would have done with the
personal property provision (If that had been
in the way),, we submit that If It will look
again into Its former opinion It will see that it
la mistaken In supposing that it decided any
thing about the personal property. This will be
made entirely clear by a brief examination.^
{The . court '¦ spent about six . months de
, elding the, case and It Is feared that the
; phrase about the "Drlef examination'* will
not rest easily on its Judicial stomach.
The petition goes on to show , very clear
ly that the court did not know what- li.
a\as doing when the famous opinion that
settled $9,000,000 was written.
The petitioners a. little further on in the
argument In commenting upon the court' i
citation of a section of the Civil Code in
-upholding -its, position, say:
' -The section ' says ,' nothing . about 'preserving
: the 'general plan of the testator,- .The court —
adopting -a 4 somewhat' loose expression from
another State,'- which has no. statutory provision
like ours, which 'statement is contrary to • the
current authority— simply reads that limiting
condition into the section. '• There is no warrant
for this, i.'v .' '- ; . '.;..
A few pages further on the petitioners
make the following thrust at. the court: -
Comments on the Decision.
The attorneys for the executors of 'the
estate of the late multi-millionaire James
G. Fair filed a petition for a rehearing In
U.e matter of the disposal of the personal
property in the Supreme Court yesterday.
If the court should grant' the desired re
hearing, which the members of the legal
profession in general very much doubt,
the tight will begin all over again. If
not, the dispute will be. finally laid at
rest. It was expected that there would
be presented a petition for a rehearing,
but the document filed in the Supreme
Court yesterday is not just what was ex
pected.-
The argument is • couched In very, re
spectful terms. There is, however, at
various points a vein of severe criti
cism on the action of the court in decid
ing the case as it did. The attorneys who
wrote the" petition stand in no danger of
being cited for contempt. They, are toj
clever for that. -They make some -very
rapier-like: thrusts, however, which are
likely, to be somewhat displeasing to the
Justices of the State's highest- tribunal.
The petition is presented over the names
of Garret W. McEnerney, Robert Y.
Hayne,. William M. Plerson and George
E. Crothers. ** ,
The document opens as follows:
The appellants regret to ] have to trouble the
court witn another petition for rehearing in the
same estate,, but we are persuaded, that your
Honors will, consider no trouble too great If it
make the right prevail,. and that -It will be your
delight and pleasure to retrace your steps if
you < can be shown that ¦ error 'has been com
mitted. ._ . '.-¦.•• . - .
HAHNESS-MAKERS ABE
PREPAHINGr TO STBIXE
-i- .. _ . — j.
for nineteen years. Mr. Storey was ap
pointed to take charge of the local agency
of Wells Fargo & Co. eleven years ago,
and by his good management has built
up a profitable business for the express
company.
Mr. Storey is nearly 75 years of age. He
resides with his wife on Brlggs avenue.
Their son. W. B. Storey Jr., was the chief
engineer and superintendent of construc
tion on the Valley Road and is now the
chief engineer of the Atchlcon, Topeka
and Santa Fe line, with headquarters at
Topeka.
Among the many in uniform were Col
onel N. ; S. Bangham, assistant adjutant
general of the State; Major General Dick
inson and staff. Colonel O'Neil and staff.
Major H. P. Bush and staff, Lieutenant
Colonel Hays, Fifth Infantry; Captain T.
S. Nerney of the naval militia and staff.
Captain L. H. Turner, N. M.. retired;
Captain Huber of the California Volun
teers, Major Hugh P. Slme of the same
organization, Lieutenant Colonel Burdick.
Major Waters, Colonel J. F. Burgln of the
brigade staff and Lieutenant Mclver of
the Victoria Rifles. •¦--';
The grand march was led by Major
General John H. Dickinson with Miss
Nellie Foley, and Colonel William Mac-
Donald, with Mrs. John H. Dickinson,
followed by about one hundred and fifty
couples. Dancing was kept up until a
late hour. ":.;-'-. V-
There was an - inspection of the new
quarters in the early part of the evening
by the ladles and their military escorts
in fatigue uniform with here and there
military men on the retired list, in con
ventional evening dress. ;
The "at home" and military ball given
last night by the officers of the First
Infantry Regiment of the National Guard
In the Page-street Armory in celebration
of the opening of the new regimental
headquarters • was />ne -of 'the' mosf bril
liant I f unctions lin.fthei'militarjr*. line" that
has been given in -this city for years.
The new quarters . have a parlor- and
buffet on the ground floor, while on the
upper floor are four rooms for the use
of the colonel of the regiment, Thomas
O'Neil. his regimental adjutant and other
officers. These rooms are fitted in a
tasty manner. The parlor Is handsomely
furnished and. the walls are hung. with
many military pictures. Prominent among
these pictures is a large crayontype of
General James F. Smith. At various
prominent^ places in the room trophies
that have "been won by the regiment axe
displayed. The quarter's have an air of
comfort. The. appearance of the parlor
was enhanced last night , with, flags, and
floral decorations. The main armory was !
also tastefully decorated with flags.
Watchman J. A. Moriarlty . of Morse's
patrol says he passed the office , of the
brass works at 12:33 and a light was then
burning there. When Patrolman William
Desmond came to the place at 1:30 a. m.
he saw that the office was in darkness.
He entered the front door and as he did
so~two men crawled out through a rear
window. - A third man joined them and
they vanished in the darkness. Desmond
found that the , marauders had knocked
off the knob of the combination, and had
drilled a hole in the safe besides. . They
had nearly bored through when the
policeman appeared. On the floor.. were
powder, fuse and, some tools. It is 'be
lieved the men were expert . cracksmen
from the manner In which they had pro
ceeded in their attempt to -open'' the safe.
*: Three* burglars trfed to crack the safe
in-- trie 'office of the brass works of M.
Greenberg & Sons, at 225-227 Beale street,
at 1:30 this morning, but were discovered
by the police and ran away before they
had succeeded in forcing open the strong
box. ?iV« ¦ i '
in the Armory.
First Infantry Regiment
Entertains Friends
Executors of Fair. Will
. Pile Petition for a >
ALAMEDA LOCAL MANAGER
FOR, WELLS, FARGO & CO.,
WHO RETIRES.
.- • . --• - ¦- -.'--•* ¦=- •_• ;
Three Marauders, Caught in
tho Act, Succeed in,^.
Escaping.
SUPREME COURT
IS CRITICIZED
MILITARY MEN
ENJOY A DANCE
BURGLARS TR Y TO CRACK
GREENBERG & SONS' SAFE
Mr. Storey arrived in San Francisco
from New York in 1S53, coming by the
Isthmus of Panama route. He entered
the service of Wells, Fargo & Co. the
very day he landed, and was immediately
6ent to Stockton, where he was assigned
to the position of shotgun messenger on
the stages of the company running from
that place to Columbia, then a lively and
thriving mining town in Tuolumne Coun
ty. After filling the dangerous position of
stage guard for a brief time Mr. Storey
was returned to San Francisco and ap
pointed to a clerical position in Wells*
Kargo & Co.'s ofBce there. The company's
headquarters was then located in the
Earn Brazman building on California and
Montgomery streets, and the entire office
force consisted of only eight men. At the
breaking out of the Civil War in 1861 Mr.
Storey was the man&ger of the San Fran
cisco office. He resigned from Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s employ that year and em
barked in business for himself, but re-en
tered the company's employ again in
1S65. After working as agent and mes
senger on the steamships plying between
Ban Francisco and Sacramento for a few
years, Mr. Storey was made agent at Col
fax, which was in the early days an Im
portant express office. He remained there
SAYS AJLMKOTJSE INMATE
IS HEIKESS TO AN ESTATE
the big corporation last night,
after a period of faithful duty that be
jran one-half a century ago. Falling
health and advanced years ¦were the rea
sons that caused him to retire. The vet
eran expressman will receive &. pension
during the remainder of his life from the
company whose interests he served so
long and welL
ALAMEDA, April 8.— W. B. Storey,
local memager for Wells, Fargo
& Co., checked his last package
and retired from the service of
Monterey County will probably place an
exhibit in the rooms of the State Board
of 'Trade soon. Letters have been re
ceived making Inquiries concerning the
necessary steps to be taken to make the
exhibit complete.
There Is no doubt that such expenditure pru
dently managed and carefully directed, if per
sisted in. Is one of the best investments a coun
ty can make. The first and most effective move
in this direction for the least expenditure is to
Join the State Board of Trade. This will cost
you only $15 a month. . . Such membership . or
affiliation entitles you to apace for the exhibit
of your products, which after being Installed wfll
be cared for by us; it entitles you to our service
and our postage in distributing your literature
thus insuring that it will not be wasted or
placed In barren fields; it entitles you to flle
with us a carefully prepared list of the agricul
tural or horticultural opportunities, manufac
turing opportunities mlnlnfe opportunities, or
opportunities for other investments that exist
In your county, these to be carefully and prop
erly arranged and kept here, for the Inspection
of visitors and as a source x>l information to
inquirers along the lines of which they treat
Manager - Filcher has addressed -repre
sentative men In all of the non-affiliating
counties, asking them to join in the move
ment to encourage ' immigration' to ' the
State and setting forth that the State
Board of Trade hopes to see at least one
good, live Board of Trade, or other.or
ganization having in view the advance
ment of the community, -started In every
county that has no such organization now
and also that the Supervisors of all th^
counties will.- conclude to -expend a - por
tion or all of the., immigration fund at
their' disposal "In helping along .tho work.
Apart of the pamphlet addressed to the
representative men of the non-affiliating
counties is as follows: . ,/
Letters are being received dally at the
rooms of the State . Board of Trade by
Manager ' Filcher making inquiries con
cerning the material conditions for home
seekers coming' to California; Several of
the counties of the State that are not
affiliated with" the board are stirring In
the matter of having exhibits placed with
the State board.' together with literature
concerning county resources.
State B6ard Addresses Counties.
Chicago, the metropolis of the Middle West,
owes its prosperity to the spirit of Its citizens
and also to the rapid, increase in the population
of the surrounding country taken largely from
sections farther east. ' The tendency is a migra
tion westward and now is the time to catch the
tide at its flood by making known the surpass
ing attractions offered on this coast.
It is earnestly hoped there will be a repre
sentation present that will do credit to the com
munity and show the country at large the in
tense Interest In the movement toward promot
ing a Greater California and a Greater San
Francisco.
AH are cordially invited to be present.
v ANDREA SBARBORO,
Chairman California Promotion Committee of
San Francisco.
Accompanying the call- for the meeting
the following significant statement of
facts Is received from President Sbar
boro: . ..
. We have an unparalleled sea port fortified by
a tributary country with natural- resources only
requiring people of the proper kind to develop
It Into the most productive territory In the
world and on the prosperity of the interior of
our State must Its metropolis rely. . - \ •
A meeting Is therefor* called for this day,
Wednesday, April 9, at 3 o'clock in the after
noon, at the rooms of the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce. . .
To accomplish the work planned It Is of the
utmost importance that all loyal Callfornians
co-operate In this movement that signifies so
much to the future prosperity of San Francisco.
Your committee appointed by the commercial
organizations of the city and State ' to formu
late and carry out plans tending to develop
California, exploit its resources and bring peo
ple and capital here, has reached that stage in
Its proceedings where it 'is deemed expedient to
hold a general meeting of men of affairs, where
matters of importance : may be discussed . and
Ideas be expressed that will prove of value to
the committee. • . ' . '•'-•
Loyal Citizens Invited, to Attend.
A. meeting of business men, will be -held
this . afternoon at 3 o'clock in the rooms
of the Chamber of Commerce pursuant
to a call Issued by' Andrea Sbarboro; chair
man ot the California Promotion Commit
tee of San Francisco. /.Invitations have
been sent out to men' engaged' In. mer
chandising, shipping, manufacturing '¦ and
in financial affairs In San Francisco.',- I n
the call for the meeting it is set forth
that It Is of the utmost Importance' that
all loyal Callfornians should co-operate in
tie movement the. future /prosper! ty.
of San Francisco, which" largely depends
on the prosf^fity of the interior. The
text of the call, which is addressed to the
business men of San Francisco,' is as fol
lows: ' . - .
State Board of Trade Sends
Out Invitation to Inte
rior . Counties. :/
Meeting Is Called to Ex
change Views on Im
migration Work.
BUSINESS MEN
TO HOLD RALLY
5
THE SAK FEANGISCO CAL^
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE " EMPOBiXJM:
THE i EMPOBIUM.
TEE EMPORTTJII.
$ ? 4 CrW -~S< iv /> ? - f -Dead What toe Talking S : gn Siys. ' O / ..... V 3
i\fr^ do^ V^ lhn^\ : pn Pong (Table Tennis) seti $2^0 10 $5.09. - \ A Stupendous Vetting j
i I Sale, Begins Thursday.. \ ., V ; V ' | Sale Begins Thursday. If
% Curtain Poles With ]/jO f- •¦ <p V Vm#' - s- *
$ Fixtures Complete, I4o. - YTrf 4? £fos&^ &aieotwaistmgs. j
Jf Pretty White Corrugated and Enameled Cottrgi mStL*4ff £K£ Jr* Si * /HTSA \J Yi J/f J$^1 Ji JaMB Wednesday only, your choice of „*
» . Curtain Poles, 4. f e « long,- with braa and J7 # gLX^L-^ g#gyl/ fe/ &^g^^^Jr^^fl^- 48 pieces of waitings— almost all- 'J
S^^cS«i^^SSJ^ CALIFORNIA'S ; UftGESTr 1 -^^^ -wod-stripc, and solid bo'or effects; J
Sf cut price, on Wednesday only f^C - 8 Oods that Can bc USed for houje " &
*k ' ; # : — ' _ ~*gB^^^BBli"" mg T'^^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE! wrappers, outing wear, sk:r:s and £
jf BOJfS - VwS&Sh -' Sai/OP • v-.v--.---".'^T - -• ¦ -\- .-¦¦ - ¦.-.-¦¦. - - children's ¦ dreises; instead of their, jt
I - .4^7 i^ -« i^ess Goods Bargain S^i^|^ I
S % t^iF ion* Wednesday Shoppers wicat. ............. * OC 5
$ .^fe&t : '-¦'i!i>? r 3^o : ~ 75c India Twills for 53c per yard— A most 'dewtble fabric for Spring and . — J
jf M^M^' ::of>6; '* dtan ' n « >i P ' Summer; full 46 inches wide,- every thread wcol; excellent quality, that ; Ctiib BatiS> $fm57m $
* I'lkA^w^llSx^- of 8CTeral lar 8 e ' " nes "is part'cularly adapted for the prevailing styles of Waists and Suits. -It :s Genuine Leather •
* I Isii'Ml IJ]l!i4 ' cf . v ° ur fines . c wath "¦ -light in weight and will tuck beautifully. The assortment comprises the Club Ba»$— Jt&*J0?S&^ ~ : *
'8- U^jAE:'<L^^ / " hands3 ™ c pattVns, £eda, modes, browns, etc.; a splendid good value at75c, a gen- J»^ A rkkd iSj' ofi "^"f ' SS'i'3\ x
tl J^^wTw1|Wj^p • ' guaranteed absolutely '• uinc' Emporium bargain at to-day's price, yard VU9*JPHm jodt- linen & - •-< ' H . ! \)i ¦ 'ijniAmlw- '^*
S (^%TOTJ%^' . fait . coor ' madras, --¦:'¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ..-/•• --¦--•---- lined, with 2
•f ' V'Ti.-il'l 7 * -percaei and • plain i . ¦¦'-.,,;.:.¦ pocket insid- ><r " u ' ¦ §
| . ff ¦ gMp The Big Ribbon Sale ¦ I
S ¦fi. ;"lSt;.w^ li Positively Ends To-NigM. \ g^«yAj*to. : <JL.^J
tf •* Vyw iW ./ i i >¦ , t-i rii- 1 -" x'ti i <• i ' • ' '. Weonescay only at tns very ,^ — __ __ JB
* M I\ n rit y tar C ain th" a *^ e y9'! owln o exceptionally low prices Tor choicest «pemi price. ...... $1.57 5
«C M '^sS ftTbe n r /wprice ey . T qualities of much-in-demand ribbons are good for Worth one-half more. |
i {*:, *'>¦ :•<:. $2.fQ \Vednesday. only.-';^: $J ; te —- ; x
¥.. • . -^ ¦" ¦ ------ JT "_ ".¦_' 3500 yards of superb qualty toft weave Satin and Taffeta Ribbon, \\{ and 4 inches — w J7ifi>O'}ri at*ii 5
2 Candy SpeGial wide; complete line 'of colors, including white and cream; price cut^or thh sale to, yd. 73C UUreaU QHO J
5 for Wednesday Ontv. * ooo y* r j d * hems « chedbrili:an^ T » ffe " Rbbon . w « k on; y» th « 4-^ch width, ako - o Squares, About Half. %
S ™. .", "*" TJTJT - J '^ -' -r.~ ; : reduced to, yard ....... ' . . . . . . MmjG _ c f c . - . ,. 5
J ¦'; Our popular Butter and Mola-ses Kissts, 2500 yard, imported ncvelty basket weave fancy Ribbons, 4 inches wide; charming - -» BtrtJU : car.i— S^ie 1 8x54 inches; good white j»
¦»¦•¦¦ ¦' ircsh mad £ of finest Materials, in our : material for. hat timming.; the 3 S= quality; .ale price, yard ... . . . .... . . fSC TJ^Z^wZiI^Tm^ 7 2
% :r own fcVorv Wi-r^v Vm iooo' yards of t£e best 50c Neck Ribbons, this season'. 5-inch novelties; all silk; until ted > **} y**,™** ~e dwuc dear at S oc, .j
j own .cory, regularly every day 35c do/ing time t0 . n :g ht ; vard . . . . . '. . .../... . . . '. . . | . . 29C m f P ecul ." c ' Wedaesda r. Mch 5
5-.:.: P" JD, CJl, special sac pieces No. 5 all-silk Black Satin Trimming'Ribljon, with drawstring for shirring . . • **&
Wernefda^ only. ....¦.«"*" : »nd fehcy pique edge; value 75c the piece, to-day'j i prce, piece of 10 yards •• 3UG Squares — 31x3* inches, of materials and de- Jf
If : r "' " '¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ - 1 , ¦ , M ji^y^ jjjat an j^ njjj either fjr
35p Piaiur&s, f7c. Eggs anri Oth»r 75c Piano Instructor uw e cover, or rfiam*, oa .peciai _ J
| Groceries at Cut Prices I Wednesday, 39o. Sfr^S^^Av C |
ft figutrs and. ch.Jd ttudies, ' finished with a- ' MO— May Unty* Bd'sk's Piano Instructor — A standard publica- > /#•» m D ' S ' M
5 inch carbon matt, that were manufactured to Best Ranch EtfgJ— Every one guaranterd; tion much in favor ty the best teachers of *»#«f If Of^ . £* fll"^fl# f!3 5
fc* sell at| 35c 'each,- are marked for -_ . Wednesday, 2 ('oztn . '.. . . .. . ¦ 35O the piano; never before offered for less than //If* : 'M/*?#lfJ#»JB##»l# - °*
K . Wednesday o^ly f r . ..7. . ... ##C Bebbltt's Best Laundry Soap- Wednesday, 7S'i <"» *p€cialsale Wednesday OO-<k 'V . . . "*" jr * j{
5 __ ' . — 6bars . .' .... . . ; . ... . 2BO onI y • • • • • • • • • • • &&C Sunnybrco; Vhliky — A pur; Kentucky
»? thSSG SctaK— /•fCTTv"^ » i' i c 1 r>L ¦ „, , , *• • product: Wednesday, gallon . . . &1.Q5 ft
J. "., »..•*»•«¦¦» e>>»*«> . Alaska Si Imon — Choice; Wednesday, 3 tins... ¦ . . ¦ dk* r..» m.t» pJ« » t*. %j .?\i jf
* l M m» tf9t% '- - ¦• ¦¦¦ r-s**r .' «»ff-« il D» M Cm ****SnM Pabst Best Mait Exlract-r-The old reliable i
Jf erS, P3Cm J^SK. . . . . .2SO A HUff SpeC i aim spring kind; Wednesday, per dozen $2.25 %
5 Genuine Cut Glass Pepper :/7ff r t(\w\ ' * — BMt Eastern > Wednesday, 8 lbs. JO o wool Smyrna Rugs, size 40x21 inches, in Holland Gin — Imported and bottled by us; "«f
» and Salts, 1 with' sterling ''fill \U I l\y\V * * ' ' ' * '.:¦' ' ' ?5C very attractive floral and Persian effects; on Wednesdiy only, tott'e . . . . . . 6jG •*
JC s'lver screw tcp; on sa> /oM^WMujjl Importtd Sardines — Packed in good oil; Wrd- . rpecial sale in Carpet Department, lecond Apricot Brandy — A delicious after-dinner cor- 5
¦inmaiiajsle,.Wednes- ' '• nTi|5fjmftW«7 ¦ nesday, . 3 s tins . . . . . . ; '¦ . . 2BC , floor, Wednesday only, - each " f ¦- _ dial; W<djie*iay, bottle . /. . . . . 85O %
J day only, per pair, VMa^Jmw ; Choice Tea — Oolong, Englsh Breakfast or Un-, ..'.'.. .. . . . '.. ' '.'' ,': '.' .2ftMmMm& Champajre — A good quality of Domestc J»
• i'O^ ' AiTVfT 1 NiVX ~ '" colored Japan; excel ent quality; lb . . 4- O too largsr s'ze rugs, 60x30 inches,- on ra'e make, half plnti, always on sale >n this store
. ¦O^pC»".<- ; ¦ '^...^i&Jjdf'' ..-. California- French Fe»S — Ex:ra fine; tin.. ISO Wednesday only, each: -. •"• • $1,&5 - at $2*75 per dozen; single bottles 25 O 5
«C • I '%QB le Sakstabics Thursday, handsome Novelty Veilings, at. less than half their realvdlm, pretty laces, wash -J
k- silks, purses, scrap boohs, combs, .whisk brooms, soaps, hair brushes, h dies' vests, in whiU and colors, men's J
I furnishings'- etc: : : : ::¦: ¦ .. > 5
S-. Q. " ; ,.,.' .: .. a - : • - " '¦ — " — ; " : — : " ¦ : : — : -O. #
Maidenhood and Womanhood
At the thresholdof wedded life with its cares and responsibilities,
what more appropriate could a bride consider than a box of the mcd-.
icine that will keep the new family in perfect health.
frfZyX)^^^^^^*^ . "I took Cnscarets myself and they «re fine. I also
<~>*LSr) S ( * h»Te been pi vinir them to my children -with be»S
,. resalte."— Mrs. Davis, 4l»E. Capitol St.. Washington.
x. V*?3s» "J was tor * ' on Z tlm " troubled with constipation
2i4/Z5* \ *J* \ v> sfVSW ' " nd catarrh cf the throat. Am now nsinc Cascarets
T^'/v' t ' •grfyS* ' \. Vi \%lt^L with rood results and am satisfied 1 will be entirely
JiiSa Ul Ci^^^t —Mrs. H. F. Teomans, iTZl Champlaln Ato., Chicago.
V?SSn2?Y?' /? «L^^^K "1 haT ? tlle(1 Cascarets and mnst say they are won-'
«Y«Tfe»>3 «Si\\.H\\\ rifM?i ocrfui. I recommend them to all my lady friends."
JrKA \a jf~~~ t\^Y » VraSk —Mrs. J. U. Mayes. Charlton, la.
feWj\ BL_* A WTl\TOa "Cascarets h*S stranee effects Jn my ease. I took
Egg! raLl \*f 1 >>Vk Ul V.\^Sa them for worms and |jot rid of them. For about a
iSraM WflL 1 "^ <l\vl\'Sjv»* vkAttCsM T f, ar * n»a also suffered from my right eye contlnu- •
W^ 'iSBn l\ttV\\* VL.KR* * lly vm t« rin K- -A^ter 1 took the second dose of Cas-
13525a '•*» KST* WffilVwVfWa carets the eye pot well and has been well aver fince."
iffiMi \ll!\ \&* /|V^VV4.\^Vir — Mrs. Plowman, 4M Jessie St., San Francisco.
'SflgX 1 ,\|f\V/V *V^ W\vK "About a year asro 1 went through a xery difficult
KM \Uli\rV llStR* A tB\\\ op f r * tloi » «d elnce then suffered from severe head-
¦H AMntV lll'»V V \^ Bch J e8 ; J tried Cascorets and the result was wondorful.
»UftWi\ you!"— Mrs. Moses Leece. Oilman, Colo.
= =^5^\\vi¥3Lx' \yY' w\ "Cascarets are th« bent medicine erer I tried. I cfinnol
( f?^^^ VwS3 r^ \ \\\ \ t °° cr * t * fnl for th e m -"~Mrs. Ella Sanders, Fox. Mo.
m£r^ TftXyLM l\\\ \ "For several years I have suffered extremely with •
\i-iu-5*» JK33 1 IV \ «erlons trouble In th« rieht side of the bowels. The doctors
S_/s^V l jB^ ) \\\ ¦ called this trouble appendicitis. I took Cascarets and think
y v4r // i \ ' y° n can «»f«'ly &d « appendicitis to the lint of diseases that
f j& / A \ \ Cascarets will cnr«.' f — Eunice J. Smith, j Rich Valley, Ohio.
f Jy s / t * ' "I bav» a tumor which all the doctors told me could be gotten
V / / rid of in no other way than with the knife but I think tha '
. • A ' C&s carets are absorbing It entirely." ..--.-¦-..¦-- 1 *-.
• —Mrs. E. Dlxon, Elslaoro, CaL ,"
There many physical disturbances of the bodily, functions con-,
nected with the change from maidenhood to womanhood, and the
health and wholesome life not only of the bride, the new wife and
prospective mother, but that of the new generation that is to be, de-
pend upon keeping all operations of the digestive canal, regular and
natural with Cascarets Candy Cathartic, the only medicine that will do;
it gently yet surely without grip or gripe. , (
/^V\f»/"kTl n^rv Best for the Bowels. All druegista, roc, 35c, 50c. Never sold In bulk.
I WtfVvvlrVUl Thr eenuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
SlfciT^^_-Sr^ " b * ck - Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York, -•-«•;.
¦•¦B/KATSCHIN9KI
GLORIA ||JF <?0 en GLORIA
A NEW BBBrnm,. BLUCHER
ARRIVED ', SH0ES
GLORIA $3.50 SHOES FOR LADIES
"-.Ever on the lookout for late styles and nobby effects, we have added a
Ladies' Gloria $3 50 BLUCHER CUT LACE SHOE to our stock, and It makes
a stunning appearance and has made a great hit with our patrons. It has
bright vici" kid vamps and dull mat kid topping, coin- toes . and .patent
leather tips, welted; extension soles and military heels; sizes, 3 to 8; widths.
* .". 'Country Orders Solicited. '
B. KATSGHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
lOfrHIRDST; -:- San Francisco;DESPITE the continued activity of the hostile
forces • in South Africa, and the repeated
fierce attacks of the Boers upon the cordon >
of troops that Kitchener is throwing around them,
there is unquestionably now visible a brightening
prospect for peace. King Edward is. known to, be
eager to put an end to the war before his corona
tion; the British Ministry, heartily sick of the strug
gle that is costing upward of $1,000,000 a day, is
willing to offer good terms, and among: the bravest
of the Boers there are unquestionably many who will
not be averse to making'peace at something short of
their original demands. •
. The war has brought surprise and disappointment
to- both parties, but it^ must also have brought to
each of them a far higher respect. for, the other than*
would have been possible, without war. The British
have learned that the sturdy burghers are, not a half
barbarous people incapable of defending themselves
against a disciplined army, and on the other hand
the Boers have learned that when Gladsto'ne stopped
fighting after Majuba \ Hill it, Was not because the
British were cowards. . Haying been at war against
one another now for more than thirty, months, but
with no decisive advantage as yet on the side of
either combatant, the- common sense. of the leaders
must perceive that any peace would be more'honor
able to, both than to continue- a war thatVthr)»'-itV« e
PROSPECTS FOR PEACE
The Democratic press and the independent newspapers with Democratic inclinations comment in this style on
STgflthe controversy in the Republican camp: /^ •!'¦»'.:
The County Paper—Martinez:
• With only a short time to elapse belore the
State conventions the. California campaign Is
ln a very backward state, except ln<the'mat
ter . of the battle N>f • the Republican machine
and ¦ anti-machine factions over the guberna
torial nomination, j The entire political situa
tion Is chaotic, and the calculation of ordinary
campaigns has given way In. large measure to
guesswork. The chances of aspirants for other
State offices are so ' interwoven with the guber
natorial nomination and that nomination Is so
dubious at present writing that the minor Re-«
publican candidates have been ln no hurry to
show themselves until the sky cleared some
what as to the gubernatorial fight.
Seldom- has there been -such a destructive
warfare waged within the ranks of the Repub
lican party as Is. going on at the present time,
and there seems at present little chance of
restoring • even > the semblance of harmony
among the Republicans of California. The
anti-Burns fight which began In 1899 has grown,
steadily worse. It now centers upon Governor
Gage Burns' ally, and It Is ' likely that the
antl-machlne force will beat him for the nom
ination or defeat him if he is nominated.
Great numbers of • prominent * Republicans
throughout the State have openly asserted such
to be their Intention, and it is evidently no
empty threat. ' ' ¦
It is rather significant that within the past
few 'months but little has been heard of Flint,
who several months ago '-. was the - proclaimed
candidate of the opposition to Gage. There are
Indications that the antl-machlne people, after
using the San Benlto man as a rallying point
for I the disaffected, are looking I around for a
compromise candidate either favorable to their
side or neutral, who has not. as yet taken part
ln the, conflict, and who may, for that : reason,
be able to ¦ win ¦ over some of the I leaat sturdy
of Gage's supporters. . This In a sign. of weak
ness showing that the opposition has no con
fidence that it ' will ¦ be numerically strong
enough to score a straight victory. For this
reason several other .candidates have been
brought forward, among the principal ones be
ing Dr. Pardee of Alameda," Railroad Commis
sioner Edsonand Congressman Victor Me teal f.
all three - of '¦¦ whom occupy somewhat • neutral
ground as between the two factions. . >J
The aim ¦¦ or tho machine . men is, . evidently,
to I make I a showing of great.' strength ..before
1 the meeting of ¦ the -State convention, ln tho
hope ; that ; the. opposition will become dis
couraged and > accept peace proposals. ";' If this
plan falls It Is doubtful ; if Gage will be re
nominated in" the face of so much savage op
position ln-nis own party. That his numerical
support in i the i convention will be sufficiently
heavy to : force hla renomination Is ; almost a
certainty. ' But It Ms also certain 'that the ma
jority of. Gage'* supporters would be unwilling
to vindicate the Governor*" at theiexoense ot
the losa of - the ¦ Governorship to " the ;. party.
There would < be nothing ln ¦ that. It-la ; far
'more-likely that- lf'the machine becomes con
vinced that Gage will. If nominated; be knifed
by any considerable , number of Republicans
it < will fall ¦ ln behind some compromise . candi
date, who. no matter who he may be. ,or what
his affiliations, v ! will.',: after s> election.* find it
necessary to recognize the claims of the largest
and most powerful faction of ¦" his party. > So,
i Jn snlto Of giirfnco lnrllrnttnns to the contrary.
the prospects for the renomlnatlon of Governor
Gage are not very bright.
Marysville Democrat:
"Assemblyman Mellck of Pasadena utilized
several columns of space ln the Pasadena
News the other day in a review of the adminis
tration of Governor Gage. Ha alms at an im
partial presentation of facts and does not omit
giving credit where' he thinks credit Is tl.ua.
but he says: 'Just so sure as Governor Gage's
renomination is forced by the aid of boss rule,
so sure will the Republican party be defeated
al the polls.' " — Napa Register.
Cdltor Mellck is a courageous, . honest.
Christian gentleman, and. as member of - the
Assembly three terms he made a clean score
on every, matter of importance. He resides
only a ; few miles from the home of Governor
Gage and he is on friendly terms with the gen
tlcman. His judgment we have faith ln, par
ticularly so in tbe matter . here referred to.
Boss rule means rule or ruin, and Mr. Mellck
possesses the courage as a Republican to warn
the party leaders that a nomination . at this
time forced by the bosses means ruin.
Sacramento See:
This will probably • prove a Republican year
In California' provided the Republican party
shall nominate a -popular ticket, j But should
Gage be renomlnated for Governor and the
Democrats name a first-rate and popular man
for that • position, their ticket would have a
good chance of • election.'
• There is very much opposition to Gage in
h!i own party. Even- in Southern California
this Is strong and outspoken. Few of the Re
publican papers down that way are giving him
any support -and the most prominent of them
are openly opposing- • him. In San ¦ Francisco
Gage has 'the Chronicle ¦• and Call arrayed
against him in such .violent antagonism that
should ho be nominated their subsequent
"swinging. Into line" could do him little good.
If Gage , shall be renomlnated It will : be
through the strength of the Republican "ma
chine" and not In response to any popular de
m&nd. " There is no enthusiasm for him In ' his
own party, and the attitude of the public
toward him is one of cold indifference If not
narked disfavor. - The principal reason for this
it-, his arrogant bo?aism. There - was never a
' Governor In this State who equaled ' Gage ¦ In
tho attempt to rule his party. His dictatorial
treatment of the . Legislature and the abuso of
the veto power to further . hi» own «hort
slghted ends are notorious. It was well un
derstood ln the last Legislature that • members
who opposed Gage's measures need »iuect
no bills of their own to receive his approval
This was most : odious conduct . on the part of
the Governor and one. which the people natur
ally, execrate, as It is destructive of free dis
cussion -and honest voting In the Legislature
and so tends to the overthrow of popular nov
trnment.. ... . . .','¦¦
It may be conceded t..at Gage is personally
1 onest in the sense that he Is not a boodler
ond has .not countenanced flagrant lob^ or
•steals.".' But. politically he. -is far from
honest, as his course with regard to platrue
has indicated. In his appointments to of flee
l.e has not been governed by a, high regard for
the .public '.welfare, but by what he ha-icon
nldered his own political Interests. His lrinn-
enc* and example have been strongly la mp
port of the rotten spoils system and against
every principle of civil service reform. His
recent appointment of the notorious San Jos«
boss, John D. Mackenzie, to a place *n tb«
Poard of Harbor Commissioners, la character
istic of his administration. Instead ot Ptrlv
lng to elevate and purify the public service.
Gage had prostituted it to his own selfish ends
He stands for no principle, but simply •. for'
s-polls and personal power. From his adher-'
enta he exacts not merely support, but grovel
ing submission to his imperioug will, and tha
surrender of all freedom of speech and of opin
ion.
5? impossible to any man not narrow-minded,
dictatorial and egotistical. Tho narrownes. hi
has displayed in public matter, has beenT al
most incredible. Early, ln his admifflstrmUon
thia cropped out in ludicrous fashion through
pLZ b J U £L r * f ?TS V* fUrnlsh tbe Associate
Press a copy of his inaugural address, for tha
Pitiful reason that The Call is a member of
the Association and ao would have access t»
The Bee is inclined to think, however, that
Henry T.- Gage has probably saoceeded ln hi»
scheme to capture the next Republican Stata
Convention, and that he will be renomlnated
despite much opposition 1 from partisan Reouh
llean newspapers and murmurings of discon
tent from the party rank and file. And after
his nomination the orators of tho "Party n«
Prosperity" will .trive to make the peopla be
lieve the salvation of the.State from^ruia and
decay will depend upon his re-election. >
If the Democrats had at this time a man
like the late Stephen M. White to put a t^ ha
head of their ticket it would be a glorious o£!
portunlty for th« party and the people to rSl
buke boeslsm, ln case of the renomlnatlon of
Gage. But it 1. aa old saying that the Demo
cratic party seldom rises to its opportunit^T
Let us wait and see. however, what It
do this year. . . .«•»«; wui
" ¦ ».' ; — \
Stuffed prunes with apricots. Townsend'*.'
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend*s •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or JaD" ha«.
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend^
629 Market St.. Palace Hotel building-. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call!
t ornla street. Telephone Main IMi • .
', '"... "" ' ; < ¦ '; . . •¦ • ..
Nurse (who has been many honr« «
think I shall be able to go to bed" Va
tlenfs Mother-Go to bed? 6 1 thought vo«
were a trained nurse!— Punch. . yu
_ On. \bottl«/or Burnett's Vanilla Kxtraot is
better than thr.e of doubtful kind, Thoughcost
, ing a few cents more per bottle. Its purity ana
«reat strength make It most economical braaj.
THE DEMOCRATIC PRESS,
"It ,1s really • surprising to note how few
friends or even supporters Governor Gage
has in this section' of the State," . said Mr.
Hamilton. "I may say that without excep
tion every person I talked with during my
stay in Los Angeles was an anti-Gage man.
Among these were a large number of follow
veterans from different localities in Southern
California, and also included several men
iromlnently connected with State politics, and
at least one . Republican State Senator from
Los '"Angeles County. No better Instance
could be had regarding the opinion of the old
soldiers on the subject than one which took
place in the lobby of our hotel an evening ago.
I should Judge that there were some sixty of
us gathered, discussing various subjects, when
The following interesting ' Interview with C.
15. Hamilton of C61ton, one of the stanchest
Republicans in the State, and for. years l-romi
nent in 'political and Grand Army circles, we
find In the San Bernardino Sun:
Los Angeled Times: \
In the important work of selecting a candi
date to be supported for Governor of California,
the Republicans . of the State. - the bone and
shtew of the, party, the men of courage, patri
otism and fagacity will fearlessly Investigate
the fitness of all aspirants, and will especially
inquire into the claims put forth in behalf of
the incumbent. Governor Gage.
Tho delegates to the State Convention, if they
shall truly represent the p*>ple, ' will proceed
with their chosen task with coolness, courage,
deliberation and a judicial determination to
find the facts, consult. the best interests of the
State and party, and. to choose that candidate
who will best represent Its principles and be
roost certain to win an election. For success
is both a necessity and a duty. The throwing
av/ay of a victory within reach Is a ¦ party
clrnc. .
: There • nre enough principal and legitimate
public objections to Governor Gage and his ad
ministration to . cause the State Convention to
deny him, without descending into the domain
of mere personal or private opposition; or act
ing upon personal prejudices or dislikes,' how
ever numerous they may be in any quarter.
Tho Inquiry can be made effective without en
tering that prolific field. . ,-
The objections to the Governor's administra
tion are not' merely general and indefinable;
they are specific, definable and unmistakable.
His appointments to office have frequently
been made upon . a. low plane, and the ap
pointees in more than one instance are neither
reputable, competent t nor worthy. Look at
these examples : j
, "Johnny". Mackenzie.
• Walter Moore. ¦¦ , - .
Walter Parker. ,"
||Bcn" Fehnemann.
'•Dan" Kevane. -.
And so on, ad lib., with other "birds of a
feather," whom to merely name Is sufficient..
A'! were put Into public places by the Gov
ernor, and they are drawing the State's money
for services which. If they are fit to perform
them. It requires an affidavit to prove.
It Is this class of • persons, men without
standing and without merit, whom the Gov
ernor has been selecting - for his official ap
pointees in places of trust and responsibility.
These men. and the like of them, he Is using
to manipulate the political machinery of the
State; to Intrench himself in the executive of
fice; to override' the popular will; to perpetuate
his official power; to force his nomination for
a second term, and to make of the Republican
party In the State a machine to be controlled
and operated by himself and his satellites. It
is revolting to Independent and manly citizens,
to Republicans who believe in the doctrine that
men chosen for office by the people, under a
free government, are servants, not masters.
The Republicans of . California are not sleep-
Ing, but are alive to the political situation.
They have watched the official mistakes and
noted the public offenses of Governor Gage, and
before Indorsing his acts they will demand an
accounting from him, as is their right as the
political arbiters of the State. The great body
of the party, not the . professional politicians,
will make this demand, not, in passion, not
through personal ill will or disappointment, not
in a prescriptive or crucifying spirit; but coolly,
deliberately and in a stern, judicial manner, as
becomes free men who have a right to know
the truth; to correct public and party abuses;
to call to account official offenders and to work
out those reforms in the State's administration
which it so sorely needs.. .. . '¦
In the proper and necessary work of scrutin
izing the official stewardship of the Governor,
the Republican delegates, if they shall truly
represent their constituents, will ask, finally:
Why should this official be given | a second
term? What act pre-eminent In Its merit and
usefulness can he point to as Justifying his
claim for another trial In the Governor's office?
If he pleads a low tax rate and a limited State
expenditure. during his .term, let him point to
what he- has built — to what he has done in the
'direction of notable expansion and achievement
-—during his term. - Let him show how the per
manent State establishment has been improved
and enriched by him as Governer, or under his
administration. Let him show some distinct
and sufficient reason for his demand for another
term before it is conceded to him;
Four years In the Governorship of a great
State is a long period; and Us expiration marks
the proper time for a change, unless It can be
clearly shown, to the satisfaction of the people,
that the incumbent has rendered such pre-emi
nent services to the State as to place him head
and shoulders above all other . citizens of the
commonwealth as the one and only man to se
lect for this high office.
Badlands Citrograph:
The association of the real estate men comes most
appropriately to round out the work the promotion
committee will begin. In fact, without such an as
sociation the movement would have been impeded at
the very moment of success, for were the real es
tate men to hold aloof or were they to work fn oppo
sition to one another, manj' a home-seeker who
might have been induced to settle in the State would
be rebuffed by conflicting stories told of this section
or th-t section, and would return East disgusted with
the wrangling. y , '
It is worth noting in this connection that wherever
in the West there has been rapid and general
progress the forces which led to it have been largely
generated and directed by real estate men. No other
class or profession in our Western life has been more
active in the work of upbuilding the general pros
perity. In fact, so urgent and persistent have they
been in many localities that they have been fre
quently mocked at as "boomers" and caricatured
as sharpers who deal in town lots much as if they
were gold bricks. Too often their best efforts to
Help the community in which they do business have
been baffled by the dull stagnation of the people
themselves, and they have had to bear blame for
failure when the blame should have been placed upon
other shoulders. On the other hand, where success
has attended their labors they rarely get the credit
they deserve. Still as a rule, indifferent alike to
baffling opposition or unfair criticism, the - average
California real estate dealer has .kept up his lick.
He has never run down his town or disparaged the
climate, the soil nor the people of his locality. If
at times things have not been lively and everybody
cheerful it has not been the fault of the men who
have carried day after day the double responsibility
of getting every investor the worth of his .money and
every seller the worth of his land.
The organized union of these trained experts Jn
real estate business promises to be of immense value
not to themselves alone but to every client they have
on their books. Working together there is good
reason to believe they can soon set in motion all
the progressive elements of the people. As. allies of
the promotion committee and the State Board of
..Trade they will be invaluable. Northern California
may look upon its prospects as being greatly bright
ened by the organization of the California Real Es
tate Board.
The organization begins under propitious circum
stances. The spirit of enterprise and co-operation
is more active in Northern California than it ever
was before. Through the entire region north of the
Tehachapi a new vigor stirs in the blood of men.
In county after county progressive men with big
ideas and abounding energy have found a following
and with one accord the people are uniting for joint
action in the direction of the common good. The
meetings which led up to the organization of . the
promotion committee were cheering in "every re
spect. There was no idle 'boom talk," but plenty of
talk that was "strictly business," and as a conse
quence the most conservative of business men feel
that the new movement is one they can safely and
cordially join. It is rot going to end m futility. It
means success.
«y - t ARDLY less important than the organization
I— A of the promotion committee to assist "the
JL JL State Board of Trade in advancing the wel
fare of Northern California is the organization of
the Real Estate Board, which was effected on Mon
day. In fact, the new organization is an essential
adjunct to the other. When the promotion com
mittee, with all its allied and affiliated associations,
"lias brought to California home-seekers or capital
ists looking for investments, it will remain for the
real estate men to ihow them where to find what
they are seeking. As Chairman Wooster put it in his
opening address, "It must necessarily rest with the
real estate seller to find each individual home for
each individual home-seeker."
THE REAL ESTATE BOARD.
Dr.. Wendlandt, however, thinks otherwise. He
believes there should be a European alliance against
America and -says: "The* idea of a ; European cus
toms; union, supported by English statesmen. will not
again disappear from the scene. The provoking
commercial policy of Americans is creating a world
of enemies." Such. statements do not show so much
of reason as of bad feeling, and yet there . is ho occa
sion for such feeling. The United • States ; is
doing what is best for the prosperity of her own peo
ple. European nations have a right to pursue a simi
lar, policy. If they can achieve it by the formation
of a European customs union ' let -them: do so.:
Should such a union: prove a peril tb us we will meet
it as;best.\ve can, but we are not going, to be fright
ened by a 'mere threat of it. " v ',
Locomotive 'engineers ; have - noted that' it ; was on
March 24, 1802, that the first* patent for a locomotive
was issued, being granted to Richard Trevithick for
"an improved steam engine.to give motion ito wheel
carriages- of every description."" Considering; what
locomotive. engineering is now doing in all parts of
the world' it is evident the fellows of the old, bygone
nineteenth century had a good ; move on them. . .
¦ The . sale of American products in Europe is not
more- an aggression upon'them nor a peril to them
than is the sale of European products ;in this coun
try. For a long time we have been a rich market for
European' goods. We did not look ;upon the com
ing of such goods as a peril, nor did we . talk of
going to war about the matter.. On the contrary,
we made the best of the situation, and set about
building \\p factories of our. own. 'If we are now
turning the current of trade it is because we have
fairly beaten our competitors, and the> have no just
cause of complaint. f
... Such reports -from our Consuls connrjn all that
Dr. Wendlandt has to say of the severity of Ameri
can competition in Europe. They attest the excel
lence of the protective, system, and show that the
Dingley tariff is working out its results with. the pre
cision and' rapidity pf a machine. : It is hardly likely
the American people will ever consent to set,aside a
fiscal system which is so beneficial to American in
dustry, and yet that. is what Dr. Wendlandt and the
European manufacturers would have us do. He and
they expect us, to throw down the protection given
to our industries, and not only cease to invade Eu
ropean markets, but to leave our own markets open
to their invasion.; . . .
The review goes on to say: "There are, indeed,
surprisingly few of the articles which used to be ob
tained exclusively abroad that are not now produced
in the United States. The woolen as well as the silk
industry of France and the hosiery industry of Ger
many are said to be suffering severely from our com
petition, and the Bohemian glass industry is feeling
the effect of thejnerease of glass manufacture in the
United States. Our cottons are steadily gaining in
taste and finish and are now sold in England in com
petition with the Manchester product. Says the
Leipziger Tageblatt: 'Even in fancy articles in which
the European market has. set styles for the entire
world the American manufacturers are beginning to
compete with the European.' "
I We do not have to take his statement of the ef
fects of American competition in Europe. Our own
Consuls bear ': ample testimony of the conquest we
are making over the: trade of almost every European
market and in well nigh every kind of goods. In
the current "number of- Consular . Reports, for ex
ample, there is a review of our foreign commerce
in 1001 which says: "It is a most significant fact
that even in specialties which were orice thought ex
clusively their own the. United Statesis becoming a
more and more formidable competitor. J Who would
have imagined a "few years ago that- we ; would' make
such rapid progress in the manufacture of, silk that
we would soon cease buying silks from" France, with
the exception; of highly finished goods, and would
actually be exporting silks to that country? Yet this
is what: has happened."
. Dr.. Wendlandt is an authority upon German in
dustry and trade, and " unquestionably is in close
touch with the leading manufacturers of the em
pire and probably of all those of Continental Eu
rope. ' He has long had a high reputation as a writer
on economic ; topics, and was one of the founders of
the. Manufacturers' Association, which at the begin
ning of this year represented ,13,000 industrial firms
in Germany. His article, therefore, is significant of
the trend of sentiment among a powerful body of
men and is deserving of careful attention from the
American people. ,
UNDER the title "A -German'" View of -.the
; American ; . .Peril". • Dr. ¦ Wendlaridt, ¦" secretary
¦ of the Manufacturers' Association ; of Berlin,
contributes; to the j^orth American. Review what he
doubtless . regards as a serious warning t«J . the people
of the United . States.: 'He describes the Dingley
tariff .. as.the salient feature .of.. American "aggres
sion" upon; the; industries and the 1 commerce of Eu
rope,- and says : "The characteristic- of. the American
peril is that it does not menace "any. single European
country;' but all European, commercial* states alikej
and last, btit riot least, the United States itself.- The
natural consequence "of this," condition of-' affairs is
that it • creates the necessity for common resistance
on the part ' of all the states affected by it against
the common aggressor."
A , EUROPEAN-WARNING.
Collector j of the Port Stratton ' has been instructed
to keep on his guard and prevent local Chinese revo
lutionary'societies from shipping* arms and ammu
nition 1 to China. . The' Collector will probably not
take counsel or suggestion : in his task' :,from" the
methods 'pursued- by. the- police in Vrioti suppressing
the highbinder.' societies which have^become so pic
turesque a feature of San Francisco life. >
hand better material to offer In his stead. Op
position in his home county la strong enouga
and general enough, but it does not take klnd.y
to the alternative of rallying about the stand
ard of Flint, or of any other northern man for
that matter. In the opinion of many who art
antagonistic or Indifferent to Oage's candidacy
the young man Flint does not rise to the stat
ure of the statesman required by the emer
gency. A bigger man is needed, a man or
broader culture and experience, one whose qualr
lflcatlons and achievements do not need to t>«
exploited at every cross-roads. In Southern
California such, a man as is required at this
Juncture surely should be found. It behoove*
the leaders of the party In this part of the Stata
to look about them, with a Tlew to the dis
covery • of a man who cannot ¦ only beat
Gage, but whose name will be a platform la
Itself, one whom honest Republicans will not
need to apologize for after he la nominated and
elected. Let us find such a person, and rally
about him to a man. Let us have no second
choice.
Pomona Progress:
The Republican bosses in this State are pre
paring to make a supreme final e«ort a^ the
ccming State nominating convention of th«
party to retain control of the party organiza
tion and nominate Gage for Governor. No
ctcne will be left unturned, no string unpulled.
that will contribute to that result.
We say • 'final" ' effort, for the defeat of Daa
Burns for United States Senator was a severe,
set-back to the machine and one that- dimmed
greatly the lustre of Its prestige; and the.
bosses realize that another defeat in the com
ing campaign would be their complete over
throw. So a life and death struggle Is at hand,
with the great body of Republican voters on one
hand pitted against the Dan Burns machine
on the other. . -
And the result will depend upon whether the
Republican voters do their duty, at caucuses
and primaries when the time comes. The vot
ers can run the party if they want to: the Dan
Burns machine will run ft for them If permit
ted to 'do so.
But the voters cannot beat the machine on *>
negative campaign. They must be more than
"antis." Simply an "antl" campaign .never
boat anybody.
The Dan Burns organization, with Gage as
Its candidate is -a positive force; it can be de
feated only with the positive force of organized
effort In support of some other candidate.
The campaign,, has progressed far enough to
make It reasonably certain that if the Dan
Burns machine is defeated in Its desperate ef
fort to renomlnate Gdge for Governor against
the protest of the best men of the party in all
parts of the State, it will be under the oppo
sition leadership of Thomas Flint. Reports
come from one end of the State to the other
that prominent and tried Republicans are ral
lying to the support of Flint. It is such a re
volt against bossism as has never before been
seen in this State; and 'would not have been so>
pronounced now if the Republican bosses and
Governor . Gage had not so disgracefully pros
tituted the party organization and the guberna
torial office to the low purposes of endeavoring 1
to foist Dan Burns upon the State as Its rep
resentative in the United States Senate. The>
only security the State can have 'against &
repetition of that experience lies in the retire
ment of Burns and Gage to private life. - :
But Gage can be defeated and Burns over
thrown as a poUtical boss only by the success
of some other candidate for Governor, about
whose standard the best elements of the Re
publican party should rally with prompt and
vigorous determination.
Oroville Register:
Every Republican who has the good of bla
party at heart ought this year to attend th<?
primaries. Every effort ought to be made to
defeat Gage delegates. It is believed that the
machine element will use every exertion to r»
nominate the present Governor. Those who
have a regard for ' the party and who love th<»
State ought to do their utmost to defeat him.
It is stated upon pretty good authority* that
Senator -Cutter ot Tuba i will come- before the
Republican State Convention for the nomina
tion for Governor. Mr. Cutter is an able man.'
well fitted for the position, and is a represen
tative citizen of . this sark of the State. . He
would make an excellent- Governor. ¦ ¦">'..¦
San Diego Union: . . ;
The California delegation in Congresa would
render a substantial service to the cause of
civil service reform and clean DOllUcs by
bringing to the attention of President Roose
velt the conduct of John C. Lynch, the Collec
tor of Internal Revenue, with a request that
that official be relegated to private life. Dur
ing his term in office Lynch has devoted him
self largely to ring politics. He has sought to
enact the role of boss and has been ao suc
cessful that he is regarded as second only to
Colonel Dan Burns- himself in the manipula
tion of the machine politics of this State. Ha
embodies all that is obnoxious to the decent
element of the Republican party of California.
It is a far cry from San Francisco to "Wash
ington, still there la no reason why President
Roosevelt should not be made acquainted with
the malororous methods of Boss Lynch. They
are known the length and breadth of the State,
and they should be known at the White House.
The Republican party of California is at pres
ent engaged in a life and death struggle with
a disreputable eons of political rlngsters who
seek control of tha organization. I Their suc
cess means the defeat of the party at the.
polls next November. "With such men as-
Burns, Kelly. Crimmins and others of that
ilk the President has nothing to do; they are
not office-holders. But with Lynch he can
deal, and doubtless would, were matters that
are of every-day notoriety here in California
given publicity at Washington.
• ' - , ,j '¦l. 1 a ? ?!,,. wrf of the Re
ryTiS AGE has-- lost the confidence of the people of California. If .he should be placed at the head ot tne *.c
/.. V. publican State ticket !br another term as Governor nothing could save him from defeat but the nomi-
I -w- nation of a decidedly weak- and unpopular candidate by the Democrats. Outside of the ranks of j 113 ° WI j
\^_JL coterie of State officers and attaches the Governor has no political friends. His recent misuse of omoal
¦¦ patronage to bolster up his languishing campaign has reacted to ' his disadvantage. The comment . irom
one end of the State to the other is: "We, have hadenough of Gage." The impression that his candidacy wiu De^cut
out before the nominating convention assembles is obtaining force. The leading men of the partyywno so earnest/
and actively supported him in 1898, are foremost in the movement "to retire him to private life. ..The influential news
papers which gave life an>d vigor to the Republicans in the gubernatorial contest four years ago perceive that uage
is a heavier load than the party can carry. What the people think of Gage is fairly expressed in these comments:
A pprehensidn That Disaster to the Party : Would Be
¦ Result of His Renomination. •
As treaties cannot be kept unless the people keep
them, can our sovereignty be vindicated unless the
people vindicate it? Shall it be 'written that, we be
gan as a people who threw tea overboard and re
fused to drink: it because it represented a- principle
abhorrent to sovereignty, and ended as a people who
traded sovereignty off for the price of mules?
An examination of the question leaves one in
doubt about the power and the duty of our Govern
ment in the matter.. If neutral rights are not vio
lated, what can the Government do?. Does" not the
issue, like every issue affecting our national honor
in international affairs, go past the Government to
the people?
The only justifiable criticism is' introspective. It
is of ourselves and by ourselves. Are' we in the
same relation to Great Britain that Hawaii was to
us? Has our sovereignty no dignity to be insulted?
This dispatch announces that on our soil there are
in operation "various departments" of the military
service of Great Britain, and her official representa
tives are inspecting the same because scandals are
alleged in their administration. It is quite doubt
ful if under her imperial organization this would be
done on the soil of any crown colony of Great Brit
ain, outside of India. There is every evidence that
it would not be permitted in the Dominion of Can
ada.- Why is it permitted here? We pass no criti
cism upon Great Britain for doing it. All is fair in
war, and she. needs no justification in her own eyes,
nor before the strong powers of the earth, each of
which would do the same thing.
Dismissing all discussion of neutrality, do we not
owe something to the dignity of our own sovereignty?
We do not suggest this from the standpoint of an
tagonism to Great Britain. She is right, in discharg
ing the duty of her officials to their Government, in
using any advantage that others may give her. We
would do the same, as would any strong power.
We used independent Hawaii as a military base in
the Spanish war, and. Great Britain has used. Por
tugal in the same ; way. But if others humble their
sovereignty for Great Britain or for us, shall we
imitate them?
"He wili examine into the situation from this end
and report in full to the home office. General Stew
art, Colonel Holland and Colonel de Burgh, in com
mand of the British military station at New Or
leans, inspected the British mule depot and the Brit
ish, transports. General Pearson, the Boer agent
here, charges that General Stewart's visit is for the
purpose of enlarging the British military station at
New Orleans, and that the British henceforward will
enlist men for their army under the name of mule-
"General Stewart is not on the active army list of
the British military department, having been retired
some time before the breaking out of the" Boer wan
General Stewart and Colonel Holland expect to re
main in New Orleans a week, and in that time they
will thoroughly examine into the stock transport
service. The scandals which developed in the Brit
ish War Office some time ago in connection with
the shipment of mules are responsible for the gen
eral's visit.
But,, after it is settled that our neutral obligations
are inviolate and that treaties and the law of nations
justify us, is that all? Are we duly regardful of our
sovereign rights? The news dispatches from 'New
Orleans of March 30 say: "Lieutenant. General Sir
Richard W. Stewart, K. C. M. G. and K. C. B., ac
companied by his aid de camp, Colonel Holland, of.
the Royal Artillery, has arrived here. The general
is here to make inspection of the various depart
ments of the remount service of the .British military
establishments in this country.
Our own position in the Philippines compels this
view, no matter how repugnant to the sense of nat
ural justice. In war the law is silent,' and natural
justice may not be appealed to in behalf of people
with no sovereignty. It may be made plain that
we violate no treaty and no provision of interna
tional law by augmenting the military resources of
Great Britain, and the mule breeders of Missouri
and the horse ranchers of Montana may pocket their
profits in peace of mind. The ill wind that blows
upon 'the Boers is a zephyr of gain to Americans; '
We have suggested this view of the situation de
veloped by our augmentation of Great Britain's mili
tary strength in South Africa by the shipment of
contraband goods from New Orleans to Cape Town.
As . she claims to have annexed the South African
republicans, technically these people in arms are her
rebellious subjects, "warring against her; and have no
sovereignty nor neutral rights which inhere in sov
ereignty alone.
t ET it be conceded that neutral treaties. arid the
I duty . of neutrals as writ in international law
•*— ' are vital only in conflicts between sovereign
states, and not in the case of armed action between
such states and their insurgent people, and what
then? In the Geneva award we established the prin
ciple that a' neutral can be made to smart for acts
to the damage of such a state. England paid us fif
teen millions for fitting out Confederate privateers
in the Clyde. Does it remain to be settled that if a
neutral is not allowed to harm, neither must it help
a state in conflict with its own rebels? If so, it will
never be settled, for the reason that the help given
is against rebels who may not succeed, aAd, if they
do, they cannot punish others for acts antecedent to
their independence. • :
GAGE TOO HEAVY A BURDEN
FOR REPUBLICANS TO PACK
to end only with the extermination of the weaker
party: "
: When 'questioned concerning the rrumors of peace
negotiations Balfour made in the Commons on
Monday what is .characterized as "a guarded reply,"
but it has been noted that the effect of his' words was
to brighten 1 the market at the Stock j Exchange. ,' It
is evident, therefore, that the financiers and stock
brokers in London are expecting the attainment of
peace. In fact, peace may now be said to be in the
air. It takes very little to confirm the hopes and ex
pectations of those' who .are looking for it. The
| Boer commanders in the field are; .widely scattered
and time will be required. to get them together to
discuss terms. , The end of the war. may -therefo-e be
delayed, but there is > undoubtedly a movement
on foot to bring it. about -The recent news
that certain near "relatives of President £ruger
have taken the oath of allegiance . to V the British
crown is. significant of: the change that is coming
over the situation. It is quite possible, in fact,; that
Edward may have, the satisfaction of being crowned
amid "peace with h'onor."
NEUTRALITY.
THE SAN FRi/LXCISCO : CA^
some one of the boys called out, 'Hey, there,
C. B., how does Gage stand up in your coun
try?'
" 'He doesn't stand at all,* says I. 'he's
layin' down.' And then everybody became
aroused on the subject, and finally, when the
question was put: 'Is there a man In the
crowd who is going to vote for Gage's nomi
nation?' would you believe it, out of that
bunch of men, veteran representatives from
all over Southern California, there was not
&n 'I,' while in answer to 'whom will you vote
for?" one man called out, 'Anybody to beat
Gage.' Of course, I ¦ am not so rash as to
make the assertion that all were averse to our
present Governor's renomlnatlon, but If such
were present they failed to show their stand
ard." No, sir,' concluded Mr. Hamilton, with
a shake of . his head, which ! inclined one to
think he meant what he said, 'in all my po
litical experience I cannot recall ( a man who
has held an of flee and at '.l.e same time stood
in such disfavor with his party as does Gov
ernor Gage.' " ¦ '
P On a recent visit to San Francisco we talked
with nearly a score — eighteen, to be exact — of
members of the Grand Army of the Republic
and the Army and Navy League, and but two
out of the bunch were for Gage. And these
two are office-holders by virtue of Governor
Gage's appointing power. With these two ex
ceptions every voice was — for some : friend?
No. The . invariable answer was, "Anybody
to 'beat Gage. I have no candidate, but Gage
must be beaten for the nomination, or the Re
publican party is beaten at the polls."
Brother Republicans, these be significant
and pregnant facts. Will you heed the signs
Treka Journal:
Some of the Democratic papers. Including
the Redding -Searchlight, are whooping up
Gage for a second term as the ReDubllcan
nominee for Governor, but the Republican del
egates when the convention meets' may stam
pede like the American mules in South Africa,
what Gage 'has done to please the Democrats
we ca:.not say. but we dc? Know that Edson
Is the man to suit the Republicans with gen
eral satisfaction. One term of four years
ought to be enough and no Governor has been
elected twice in this State, except John Blgler
in 1852 and 1854, when the term was only
two years.
Tulare Register:
Our objection to Gage goes chiefly to his
political methods, which are of the machine
order and which are founded upon the several
organized pushes for the several cities of Cal
ifornia and are therefore based on the worst
and not the best elements in our party. We
think it time for Republicans of California to
put politics on a higher level than Mr. Gage
represents, and will therefore oppose his nom
ination, but not with the expectation of bolting
the ticket should he be nominated.
Martinez Daily Press:
Gage will not be the next Governor. We
do not believe that he will be the next Repub
lican nominee for that office. But if we are
mistaken in that, if the machine dominated
by Boss Burns and the attorney who does rot
ten- politics for the associated villainies has
the power as well as the will to outrage
decency by renomlnating Its tool, if the candi
dates for other offices on the Republican ticket
can be cajoled into joining their political for
tunes to a candidate repudiated by respectable
men. If all pretense of political honesty is to
be thrown to the winds and boss-ridden cor
ruption to pursue its reckless course unchecked
in the councils of the Republicaa party. If
these things should appear, then will surely
follow the result apprehended by the national
leaders. A ticket conceived in sin and brought
forth in iniquity will meet its just doom at
the hands ot an outraged and indignant com
munity. It may as weir be' understood -that
the people of . Calif ornla will not be ruled by
a corrupting satrap in the Interest ot rapacious
corporations. They will not have Gage or any
.other man who, is recognized as the tool of
those influences. : And. . there - Is ' no political
alternative which they will not accept to es
cape that subjection. There are respectable
Republicans who can secure for their can
didacy every legitimate Republican influence
and poll every respectable Republican vote. . It
will require such a candidate at the head of
the ticket to win the coming election. It be
hooves those interested In the success of the
Republican party to make sure that It be
led by that kind of a Republican.
Los Angeles Journal:
Each day's developments make it more cer
tain that in the campaign of the fall harmony
will not be spelled with a big H, if the deter-'
minatlon of the Republican bosses to renom
lnate Governor Gage shall materialize. The
San Francisco Chronicle and The Call and the
Los Angeles Times, to say nothing of the more
or less influential papers of the interior that
have echoed their views in this behalf, have
gone too far in denunciation of the executive to
render a retracing of their steps possible. They
indeed have burned the bridges behind them.
And it is certain that their antagonism will
not stop at the doors of the convention. A
united party, with Gage as the standard-bearer,
is unthinkable. The only guarantee of a tri
umph at the polls In November lies in the
abandonment of Gage. The defection 13 so
widspread . and so distinctly defined as to at
tract the attention of national leaders, who fear
the consequences to the party of going into the
campaign with such a handicap. Washington
is becoming alarmed lest the State shall send
a Democrat to the Senate to succeed Perkins.
The need of .the hour Is a strong personality
with whom to oppose Gage. It Is not easy to>
make progress against him without having at
6
AUCTION SALES.
Monday. April 14, at 10 o'clock. Horses, Buggies, etc.. at
1619 Market trtreet.
WEDNESDAY;-.;..:.. .......APRIL 9,., 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.' £.;
litrtit All CemmtnieiUefi* to V. S. LEASE, Kt&ftger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE! Telephone Pre»n 2O4
l'lDLICATIO.\ OFFICE. . .Market sutd Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS.. ...217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postagret .: .--
OATLT CALL including Sunday). on« year JB.OO
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). « months 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). S months I-RO
DAILT CALL— By Single Month , «5«
6TJNDAT-CALL. One Year 1 - 80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year *•<»
All postmasters are authorised to reeelre
»nb*crlptlons.
Bample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Msil subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to dve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OA.KLAJVD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KBOGXESS. \.
Xttiptt rtreiga Advertising, K*rquett« BuUdia;. Ctlc*2».
(Lone distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
"NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Saw*
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Chermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., 5. W.
MORTON E. CRAXE. Correspondent,
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. A
DIlANCn OFFICES— 827 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. Kt?.
Mr A 111 Ft er. open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 3261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va-
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until * o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
AHUSZMEKI&.
Alcazar — "Madame Butterfly" and "The Great Unknown."
Columbia— "The Cardinal."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Gismonda."
Fischer's Theater— "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Sons of Ham."
Tivoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "The Land of the Living."
Metropolitan Hall — Son«r Recital. .
Maple Room. Palace Hotel— Manila "War Paintings.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital Saturday nisht.
Oa.kla.nd Racetrack — Races to-day.I At the regular monthly meeting of the
Chamber of Commerce, held yesterday,
President Newhall was authorized to.ap
point a committee of five members to con
fer with : representatives of other local
commercial organizations in "reference to
having a San Francisco exhibit at the
Bakersfleld fair. "
Missionary to Speak.
Rev. S. H. Wood, who for six years has
been a missionary in Singapore and Ipoh,
but who is now home for a rest, will tell
of his experience in christianizing the na
tives of the Orient to-night at the First
Methodist Episcopal Church, on Powell
street, between Washington and Jackson.
The public is invited to attend.
tire world. "We, . your immediate associates,
know better than any one the enormity of the
ta«>k and . with what zeal and energy ¦ you
worked, and we appreciate the able, honest and
conscientious manner in which you did your
duty; at all times courteous olid centlmanly,
which traits made you loved by all who cams
In contact with you. When one has the con
sciousness of havine performed one's duty
faithfully and-honestly. and the results are so
clearly apparent, retirement from service may
be made with honor and with ; a. reputation un
, sullied and unassailable.
In conclusion. Cantaln Barneson, let us ex
press the wish that in your new fields of labor
you may be as successful as you have been in
the past, and we desire to assure you that no
greater or stroneer friendships can be formed
• than ours for you. As a token of esteem, love
and appreciation of your sterling qualities we
beg you to accept this loving cup, which car
ries with it .our sincerest wishes for I a long,
healthy and prosperous life f6r you and yours.
Mrs. G. Alexander will be pleased to
see her friends Friday, afternoon, April
11; at 1849 Bush street, prior to her de
parture for Europe.
for a pleasure trip to Germany, where he
will vl^it relatives. Mr. Hirschler Is pres
ident of the Santa Barbara Water Com
pany.
* * . *
•Mrs. -*Harry Nathaniel Gray received
yesterday in her new apartments at the
St. Dunstan. A large number of callers
were pleasantly entertained.
Captain Barneson: Your , associates * in the
transport service have selected me to repre
sent them to-night in expressing to. you our
fesllng of friendship and love and to manifest
in a simple manner our appreciation of your
faithful, honest and able administration of af
fairs as marine superintendent during the past
yC f F f eel honored and flattered by their celec
tlon and aporeclate the fact that I have . per
sonally been your assistant and friend. You
came amidst . u« > practically a strancer. " The
nation was involved in war, and unexpectedly
to all the theater . of campaign and battle had
been shifted to the Orient, thus making Sar.
Francisco , the important point of embarka-
It la needless to relate how under the admin
istration of our able and beloved chief. Gen
eral Long, the transport service was born.
foBtered and cared for. and how much Is due
to your thorough knowledge and unusual abil
ity In building up a service which to-day Is the
pride of this coast and the marvel of the en-
The cup, which is a remarkably artistic
bit of work* is decorated with a dainty
silver wreath of block and tackle and or
namented with the flag and arms of that
branch of the Government service- to
which Captain Barneson was attached.
The presentation was made by Captain
Lyman, who, on behalf of the transport
officials, spoke as follows:
p»YT^ HE officials of the army transport
1 1 service last night . presented to
r Captain John Barneson, who re
cently resigned his position as
marine superintendent of the ser
vice, a handsome silver loving cup as a
farewell token from his former associates.
- Barney Murphy Is coming to the front
in the Democratic party. The local or
ganization may cast its Influence for
Washington Dodge or Franklin K. Lane,
but Murphy is the favorite of the rural
Barney Murphy Is Favorite.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6.— Mr. Kdltor:
Tour article on "Gage and the Bosses," April
3, hit the nail on the head, especially the part
referring to patronage, only your scope is
limited. It should also include penal Institu
tions. ¦ The superintendent of the Preston
School of Industry, Rev. C. B. Rlddick, pre
siding elder of- the South ¦ Methodist Church,
but ved as an officer, under I General Stonewall
Jackson, but 1b a personal friend of Gage, and
eo for the present is a stanch Republican and
had himself appointed delegate at large to the
San Jose convention. His assistant is Colonel
Austin, who served with distinction in the
Southern army, but for some reason now pro
fesses Republican sympathies. The next en
the list Is the secretary, a . Mr. Preston,' a
foimer newspaper man (you. perhaps, have
heard of him), who also upheld Democratic
principles- until lately, and so It is with every
man In the institution, but at the coming elec
tion they will all be Republicans to vote. for
Gage. -.'.;.
It appears that the Governor is casting
about for available Democrats to manage
the State institutions. These ex-Confed
erates who are holding office at lone are
doubtless worthy citizens, who served in
a gallant army under a great leader,
but why were these distinguished old
Democrats rewarded by Gage? It is com
mon gossip that .the Governor, while
looking to the Republican party for a re
nomination, is looking to the Democratic
party for strength to win In the election.
Gage Takes Care of Democrats.
Additional • Information concerning the
staff at the Preston School ; Is." supplied
by a Call subscriber, who sends this
statement : v .' ." A
The Herald has naught to say against Gov
ernor Gage, and has been and is disposed to re
gard ¦ the Governor as a fair executive, but if
he appoints to the position of Superintendent
of a State institution a man like the writer of
that article, who makes himself ridiculous by
such fulsome praise, the good opinion heretofore
entertained will be considerably lessened. The
Superintendent of the Preston School needs, a
calling down, and we advise Governor. Gage to
see that it Is done. Keep politics out of schools
of all kinds, and especially out of Institutions
that are supported by the people's money..
These two distinguished citizens visited the
school together in February and looked over
its affairs very carefully. Governor Gage Is a
great favorite in this community. He deserves
all the popular favor bestowed upon him. Cali
fornia never had a better Governor. He has
given the people an honest administration, and
his strict economy has resulted in the smallest
tax rate known for years. More than this, he
is a brainy man, thoroughly informed and with
an intellect clear as a sunbeam. He Is beyond
doubt one of thft greatest lawyers In the State.
He combines, more than is usual, the qualities
that go to make up a great man.
Hon. Mr. Kevane, secretary of the State
Board of Examiners, is a noble coadjutor of the
Governor. If there is an honest man in Cali
fornia it is Daniel Kevane. He has done the
State heroic service in his present responsible
position. We are more than proud to hear that
both of these gentlemen were pleased with the
management of the school.
The Jackson Herald, commenting on
the foregoing, remarks:
The Preston School of Industry at
lone has been completely Kevaned. The
Governor and Hon. Daniel Kevane are
highly praised in the March number of
the Preston School Bulletin. Here Is the
style of adulation:
Preston School of Industry.
The way affairs have been bungled at
the Mendocino asylum ought to- suggest
to the Governor the propriety of detach
ing Johnny Macenzkie from the water
front to adjust things at the Ukiah in
stitution. Johnny is one of the smooth
est of the smooth, and can be relied on
to carry out- a programme with some de
gree of skill. -,."."¦¦¦;
UKIAH. April 8.— Last night at a late hour
Governor Gage called up Major W. W. Cun
ningham, the deposed secretary of the board of
managers of the Mendocino asylum, on the tel
ephone and informed him that he would not be
removed. George L. Smith, his Intended suc
cessor, was here ready to take possession, but
he will have to be otherwise provided for or
stay out in the cold. Somebody evidently put
Governor Gage wise, and be hastened to rectify
Kt vane's error. \
The Herrln-Gage machine is not doing
smooth work at the Mendocino Qounty
Asylum for the Insane. Alex Truman
and Ben Fehnemann must have misunder
stood orders. Last Saturday the asylum
directors ousted Major W. W. Cunning
ham from the office of secretary and ap
pointed in his place George L. Smith of
San Francisco. The Call's Ukiah cor
respondent reported that Kevane gave
the command to remove Cunningham.
The following message by- wire from
Ukiah reports >a change in the pro
gramme: I . . ¦-• .
Barney Murphy Appears to
Be Favored Leader of
Democrats.
Machine Poes Raw Work
at the Ukiah Insane
Asylum.
GAGE REVOKES
RECENT ORDERS
PRESE NT LOVING CUP
TO CAPTAIN BARNESON
Army Transport Officials Remember Their
1 Late Superintendent With a Handsome
Silver Token of Their Highest Esteem
POPE LEO WILL
SEND AN ENVOY
Pontiff's, Representative
to Attend King's
Coronation. : .;i
Arrangements Made for Mis
sions to London and
Madrid.
ROME, April 8.— In spite of the opposi
tion of Cardinal Rampolla, the Papal
Secretary of State, the Pope has decided
to send important special missions both
to the coronation of King Edward and
the festivities In Spain attendant upon
the enthroning of King Alfonso. Tne Car
dinal's opposition to the sending of the
mission to England was based on the
fact that the British Parliament did not
change the anti-Catholic formula of the
accession oath, and Mgr. Merry del Val.
whom the Pontiff designed to be chief of
the missions, openly refused to go while
the present wording of the oath is main
tained.
Nevertheless, the mission will be sent,
and probably will arrive In* London a few
hours after the religious ceremony. This
will be a repetition of the diplomatic
maneuvers carried out at the coronation
of Czar Nicholas II at Moscow.
The question of the advisability of the
papal mission to Spain was due to the
compromises effected by the Queen Re
gent in nominating the Spanish Ambassa
dor to the Vatican as her representative
at • the Pope's jubilee. Under ordinary
circumstances a royal prince would have
been appointed, but he would have been
obliged to also go to the Quirinal, thus
creating a situation full of unpleasant
possibilities.
His Holiness was much displeased at
this step and decided to be represented at
King Alfonso's majority festivities by the
papal nuncio at Madrid. The matter was
smoothed over, however, and it is now
understood that Spain will send a grandee
with an important retinue to specially
Invite the Pope to send a representative,
who probably will be Cardinal Vannutelll
or Cardinal Gretoni, both former nuncios
at Madrid.
YOTJ2TG PEOPLE OF PARISH
V;?: TO HELP BTTTXD HOT7.SB
ing Fund of St. Patrick's
"Patience" to Be Given to Aid Build-
Parochial Residence.
An entertainment for the. purpose ot
raising funds to be applied to the con
struction of a modern parochial residence
for the use of the clergy of St. Patrick's
Church will be given this evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall. The opera of . "Patience"
has been selected, the members of the
young ladies' and young men's societies
attached to the church furnishing the
cast.
Owing to the great demand for seats.
Father Cummins, the pastor, in order to
afford all his parishioners an opportunity
to enjoy the opera, has advised the young
people to give a second performance the
following night. Acting on thi3 sugges
tion the opera will be repeated to-morrow
night at the same place.
' The new residence will be an ornament
to Mission street, and will be thoroughly
in keeping with the improvements now
being made on that thoroughfare. It will
occupy the entire lot adjoining the church,
and will be 30x80 feet in size and four
stories in height. Architect Charles J.I.
Devlin, who designed the structure, haa
arranged so as to accommodate the
clergy and provide for further increases
in the number of priests that may be at
tached to the parish.
On the first floor will be the parlors, of
fice of the rector and the culinary depart
ment, on the second floor will be the
pastor's apartments and study, and din
ing-room. On the third floor will be rooms
for two assistants and a general- assem
bly room and library* Provision: has been,
made on the fourth floor tor two assist
ants and the household staff. For the
present the basement will be unfinished.
Brick will be used throughout the build
ing.
Central Committee to Meet.
The Prohibition State Central Commit
tee will hold a meeting in this city Thurs
day afternoon for the purpose of electing
a new chairman and making preparations
for holding Its State Convention. As this
will be the occasion of the representatives
of a number of temperance orders visit
ing the city a grand rally will be held
during the evening in the Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church. J. W. Webb
of Fresno and D. Leigh Colvtn will be
the principal speakers of the occasion.
hosts. Lane is popular in San Francisco,
but is not well known throughout the
State. It is doubtful if Dodge enters the
list of aspirants for the Democratic
nomination. His health will not allow
him to undertake the arduous work of a
gubernatorial campaign. Many of the
party's war horses are prancing around
ready to take the field with Barney
Murphy at the head of the column.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9, 1902. :
7
A souvenir ball will be • given by the
Glass Bottle Blowers. Branch 22, of the
United States and Canada, at Eintracht
Hall, 237 Twelfth street, Saturday even
ing next. The committee is arranging a
most interesting programme for the oc
casion.
Glass Bottle Blowers' Ball.
Miss Maude Ackerman leaves Saturday
for the East, .where she will remain sev
eral months. ¦ . •:¦¦•¦
I i .-;> • • ••
David Hirschler left Monday, evening.
Miss Azaline Earle and ". WHUam H.
Deming were married in New York City
last week. The wedding occurred in Trin
ity Episcopal Church. The bride is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. David Earle,
formerly of Portland, Or. -The groom, is
the son of the late H. V., Deming and has
many business and social acquaintances
In San Francisco. Mr; and Mrs. Deming
/will live in San Francisco, a
* • «
Mips Edith Stuart Merry was married
on Wednesday, April 2, to Henry Frled
erich Meipgs. The wedding was celebrat
ed at 270 Hicks street, Brooklyn Heights.
The bride is a San Francisco girl and
daughter, of Mr. and Mrs. William. Law
rence Merry. ¦ > / ,v • . • .
The wedding of Hermann P. Laumeis
ter and Mrs. Phoebe Alice Follett was
celebrated last night at the bride's resi
dence, 649 Point Loboa avenue. Interest
was added to the ceremony because of
the christening of the grandchild of the
bride and the celebration of the first an
niversary of the baby's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward Follett. The bride is sec
retary of the California Hive of the Lady
Maccabees, and Mr. Laumeister Is a fair
knight In the Pacific Tent of the Order oC
Maccabees. ' The groom is a cousin of
Railroad Commissioner Laumeister.
Miss Alice Hager. Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss
Etbel Hagcr, Miss Georglna ¦ Jones, Miss Kate
Brignam, Miss 'Alice Brigham, Mies Leontine
Blakeman, Miss Pearl- Landers. Miss Carrie
Taylor. Miss Edith McBean, Miss Mary Nich
ols. Miss Edith Simpson, Miss Whlttell. Miss
Frances Hopkins, Miss McClunpr. 'Miss Gladys
McClung, Miss Linda Cadwallader, Miss Nokes,
Miss Redington. Miss Bernie Drown. Miss Par
rott. Miss Daisy Parrott. Miss Charlotte Ellln
r.'ood. Miss Marie Voorhles. Miss "Wilson. Miss
Adelaide Murphy. Miss McCalla, Miss Herrin,
Miss Elsie Spcrry. Miss Ames, Miss Gladys
Merrill. Miss Borel Miss Alice Borel. Miss
Grace Borel Miss O'Conner, Miss Lucle King,
Miss Jennie Blair, Miss Joliffe, Miss Grace
Spreckels, Miss Josselyn, Miss Mamie Josselyn,
Miss Helen Dean, Miss Suzanne^ islanding; Miss
Margaret Salisbury, Miss Ethel Cooper and
Miss Carolan.
• , • • •
A large assemblage gathered at Golden
Gate Hall last evening to enjoy the Orien
tals' concluding dance of the season. The
ballroom was prettily decorated in light
effects, pink and blue predominating. The
club members added to their dress Orien
tal fezzes. The membership of this social
club comprises Harry Levison, Georga E.
Tookc*. Herman A. Frank, Louis A. (Jol
ton, Victor Aaron, James Packer Jr. and
Gus Sdher. HInes' Orchestra furnished
the music and the dancing continued un
til midnight. The guests were:
E. J. Levin, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Thomp
son, Miws Lindsay, William L. Wethered. Mr.
and Mrs. L. H. Brown. Henry Lemser, Miss
Alice O'Keefe. Miss M. A. Kenny, MJ«s Cohn,
Mrs. Morrison, Miss Alyce Kenny, Miss Hall,
P. H. Mlllberry, Sylvan J. Israel, Miss Sadie
Harris, E. Wiener, Miss P. Wade, J. M.
Gruhn, Mr. Klein, Miss Smith, Mr. Williams
M. Glany, F. M. Feder, A. Houle. Miss Lewis,
Mr. Smith, Benjamin Harris, Louis Hirsch,
Miss Martha Hirsch, Miss L. Edwards, M. A.
Edwards, Miss Tlllie Savanna, Martin J.
Bacon, Miss Hattie Hartley, Joseph J. Liber
man, George W. Kochs, Miss Ella Reldy, Miss
Bird, Miss C. Hartley, Arthur Osborne, Miss
Etta Lisewoner, A. H. Burns, A. Elberg,
Misses Elberg, P. Goldstein, Thomas Gorman,
Miss Julia Heaphy, W. A. Drayens, Max Levin,
Henry Zckind, Miss Grace Crocker, Irving S.
Marks, Miss M. M. Larkin, Robert Myers,
Lylllan V. Bresslauer, Al Gordon,, L. \V
Dake, Miss Evelyn Cook,' A. H. Frank, Mies
Stella Hertz, Al Meyerfeld, T. J. Zekind,
Miss Tereie Davidson, R. H. Ralne, ' C. W.
Brownstone. Elsie Franklin, W. B. Dorie, Miss
T. Lundblade, F. C. Badt, Miss L. GenBler, L.
Lefkovitz, S. M. Galiclo Jr., Miss Bulsky, A.
J. Armer, Milt Steinfels. Miss Steinfels Dr
M. E. Clarke. Miss Snyder, Miss Lillie Neus
baurn, P. Lichtlg. Max Meyer, Mies Elka
Meyer, Charles M. Harris, Miss Cora Le\in
Joe Goldstein, Miss Uety Goldstein, Mrs. A.
Soloman and daughter, A. B. Morris,. Mrs. B.
B. Morris, It. T. Onyon. Miss Ella Michael'
Miss Eva Haines, Henry Michael, Irving Helne
jnan, J. T. Coleman, Miss L. Cob'lentz W
f Wolf, Philip J. Craner, B. K. Sheyer 'Misi
Martha Karski, . Phil Epstein, M. Schwabacher
Mabel Flyshaker. Ruby Salinger, Victor
Aaron. Mr. and Mrs. A. Glass, Miss L. Kline
A. S. Whitehead. Lottie Whltehead, Fannie
Friedman, Eva Friedman, Mel W. Lehman
Mr. and Mrs. James Packer Jr., Louis A
Colton, Miss Essie Colton, Myrtile M.- Blum'
Mif s Helen G. Lang, Harry Levison, Miss Jen
nie Levison, H. J. Frank. Miss Eva Jacobs
Walter Minner, Miss Pauline Morris H A.
Frank, Miss Charlotte Lundblade, Miss' r!
Lundblade, Miss A. Hlttman, Mr. and Mrs!
W. D. Hobro Jr., Mlsg Sadie Mund, J King
Miss Pauline Utschig, Miss Dora Culver, Mr.
Harris, Miss H. Harris, Ray Rothenstein,
Roxey ; Rothenstein. R. Karmelenski. Miss K.
Abraham. Georee E. Tooker. ,
Miss Sophia Pierce was guest of honor
at a largeiy attended luncheon given by
her aunt, Mrs. Cyrus G. Walker, at the
Talbo.t residence, 1730 Jackson street, yes
terday afternoon. Miss Pierce'a engage
ment to Dr. E. E. Brownell was' celebrat
ed by the affair, and the formal an
nouncement was followed by scores of
wishes of happiness for the bride-elect,
who has been extremely popular in the
social world since her debut last year.
The spacious rooms were handsomely
decorated I for the occasion. Covers were
laid for more than fifty. Among those
present were:
BRIDE-TO-BE
CHIEF GUEST
AT LUNCHEON
Miss Grace Fosland and Migs Louise
Gauss, both Chicago girls, who left there
the first of March and .who tried the ex
periment of traveling without money, ar
rived here safely yesterday morning.
When they left Chicago they had only
45 cents. They agreed to come to San
Francisco without spending a cent. They
also agreed not to ask for either trans
portation or money, but to accept both
should they be offered it.
On their arrival in this city they were
sketched by several artists for newspa
pers and then went to the Palace Hotel.
Leave Windy City "Without Money
and Beach San Francisco Al
most Within a Month.
DABING CHICAGO GIELS
MAKE A SUCCESSFUL TRIP
Professor Mead says also that- the work
this year in California will deal largely
with a study of the cost and value of
pumping water for irrigation in all parts
of the State. Professor J. M. Wilson,
resident agent of the Department of Ag
riculture, is now making this investi
gation in the Santa Clara Valley. There
Is a gTeat demand for information on this
topic all over the country. Experience
has demonstrated the value of Irrigation
in places where there Is a very heavy an
nual rainfall. The Government will con
tinue to measure the water used .andyesti
mate the value of the crops raised in the
San Joaquin Valley. An agent is in the
valley measuring the weirs this week.
The Department of Agriculture realizes,
so Professor Mead says, that California
has greater opportunities for irrigation
than any other State. The soil will sup
port a vast population when the water
is conserved and properly distributed. The
greater part of the Government work this
year will be performed in Tulare and
Santa Clara counties and in Southern
California. Some drainage surveys may
be made near Fresno, which are much
needed.
Professor Elwood Mead, who is in
charge of the irrigation Investigation of
the Department of Agriculture, says that
the Government" is preparing to give
great publicity to facts concerning irri
gation, problems in California. The report
of last year's work in this State will be
published soon. This will contain a re
port on the auty of water in Soutnern
California, this relating to the amount of
water required to irrigate crops, the
estimate oeing based upon actual meas
urement by civil Engineer Irving at
Riverside. The subject of the utilization
of the water supply of Southern Califor
nia has been treated of by Protessor riil
gard of the University of California. Ir
rigation and fruit growing are treated of
by Professor Wickson. Last year the ir
rigation Investigation looked into the
matter of the returns from irrigation and
the amount of water used in the San
Joaquln Valley for irrigation.
The jury returned a verdict finding
"that the accident was caused by an open
switch, and that the railroad company ii
responsible; that, due precautions -, were
not taken to see that the switch was
properly closed."
"No, sir," replied the witness.
"Then how do you explain this miracle
of a switch securely closed opening itself
and causing a collision?"
The witness answered that he couldn't
explain it, and that the switch was in
perfect order. .
James Phelan, an elderly man of quiet
demeanor, testified that he closed the
switch, as related by the timekeeper, and
that he closed it properly. No, he didn't
believe in miracles, he said, but he was
unable to explain how the switch came to
be open and to ftt the car go on the sid
ing, where the collision occurred. !
Motorman Harry Harrison testified that
he had often seen the switch a little out
of place, perhaps not sufficiently so as
to throw the car upon the siding, but he
took no chances and always had the con
ductor close it. The rules of the company
are to take no chances In such cases- and
that the conductor should get off the car
and "throw the switch," and th'en when
th£ car has passed it to return and re
place the switch as he had found it.
After the collision the witness went back
to the switch and found it open.
Timekeeper Thompson happened to be.
at the switch when the accident took
place. He testified that four minutes be
fore the collision; the switch had been
closed by James Phelan, a track sweeper,
so that the next north-bound car coming
that way could pass along on the straight
track. Thompson swore also that he saw
Phelan arrange the' switch properly, and
that it was not touched afterward by
any person.
"You don't believe in miracles, do you?"
asked the Coroner, dryly.
Coroner Leland expressed his belief to
a jury yesterday that miracles ' do . not
take place in the twentieth century. Two
principal witnesses swore that they did
not believe in miracles, but that a. mira
cle happened when Walter Roland was,
killed on March 30 in a rear-end collision
of two electric cars on the switch siding
on Third street, between King and Town
send.
Closed Switch, According to
Their Stories, Opens to.
Wreck a Car.
Drainage Surveys Ara Also
; ;) Deemed Advisable for
Fresno.
Witnesses Testify to a
Strange Railroad
Phenomenon.
Cost of Pumping Water
for Irrigation Is
Considered.
MEAD DETAILS
WORKING PLANS
CORONER BARS
OUT MIRACLES
BEAUTIFUL GIFT OF TRANS
PORT SERVICE OFFICIALS
TO LATE SUPERINTENDENT.
To Hold Exhibit at Bakersfield.
PIANO RECITAL.
| ANQELDS PIANO PLAYER,
AssisteQ by . - : v
MR. JOE RO-BOnuQGH, Basso,
And the YICTOR TALKING MACHINE,
At SHESKAN, CLAY ft CO.'S HALL.
April 12. 1002, at 8:15 p. m.
PROGRAMME— PART I.
1. "Flying Dutchman," overture... ...Wagner
Violin, Flute and other orchestral
effect* will be noticed during this com-
position. Obtainable by the Angelus
Orchestral Piano Player only.
2. "Autumn," op. 35, No. 2 Chamlnadc
3. (a) "Valse Styrienne" Wollenhaupt
<b) "La- Fontaine." op. 31, Idylle. . Lysberg
4. Song, "A Dream" Bartlett
Mr. Joe R op borough.
5. "Maid Marian'.' selections De Koven
INTERMISSION.
The following selections will be rendered
daring the intermission on the Victor Talking
Machine:
"When the Harvest Days Are Over"
Haydn Quartet
"Donkey's Laugh" Metropolitan Quartet
"Tve a Longing" in' My Heart for Tou,
Louise"- .H. Macdonqugh
"March From the Fortune Teller"
¦ Kendle's Band
"Ain't Dat a Shame" .Lllas Llchman
PART II.
6. "Erlklnjr" Schubert-Liszt
7. (a) "Barcarolle," op. 18 ...MacDoweil
(b) "Serenade" ....Schubert
8. "Spinning Song" from the "Flying
Dutchman" "Wasner-Liszt
9. 8ong, "The Two Grenadiers" ... Schumann
Jos. Rosborough.
10. Rhapsodle Hongrolse No. 6 Liszt
Stelnway Piano used.
ADMISSION FREE — But to prevent over-
crowding: of the hall, tickets should be pro-
cured at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music store,
Kearny and gutter sts. : ;
gl^RACING
a^ Ss * s^^' Every Week Day-
t»r Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races etart at 2:15 p. m. eharp. '"'¦•"•
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 ml and
12:80, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains etopplne , at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars #m train- reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. . Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
1 to direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
1 Returning — Trains leave the* track at. 4: 15
.and 4:45 p. m. ( an4 immediately after the last
r * C *THOMXS H. WILLIAMS JR., Preside*. '
; CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr. •.
For some time It has been known that
dandruff Is caused by a germ that dl&s
up the scalp Into little white flakes, and
by sapping the vitality of the hair at the
root causes falling hair, and, of course,
finally baldness. For years there have
been all kinds of hair stimulants and
scalp tonics on the market, but there has
been no permanent cure for dandruff
until the discovery of a. preparation
called Newbro's Herpicide, which . de-
stroys the dandruff germ. Destroy - the
cause, the effect will cease to exist. Kill
the dandruff germ and you'll have no
dandruff, no Itching scalp, no falling
hair.
Destroy the Dandruff' Germ.
A Preparation Discovered That Will
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
vice and. modern
conveniences are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists and travel-
ers who visit San
Francisco.
AIiTlJSEMiSOTa.
——PACKED AGAIN LAST XIGHT
Continued Success of Our $1000 Star
MELBOURNE MACOOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardou's Most Powerful Play
"GISMONDA."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR r RICES 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 7Cc
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
NEXT WEEK.'. "FEDORA"
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. April ft.
Parquet, any scat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c
LOOK AT THE' NAMES!
Marie Wainwrlght and Company; The
Clipper Quartet; James H. Cullen;
Homer Lind and Company; Frci
Stuber; Papinta; > Gorman anrl ;
Keppler, and Mr. and Mrs. Drew, |
in "The Yellow Dragon."
BELASCO ""to TrlALES ri C+fii%,&
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Sensational Melodrama of Wonderful
Romance *nd Thrilling Incident, THE
LAND OF
THE LIVING.
CoTu»dy, Pathos and Heart Interest.
PDirFC Evenlnes 10c to SOc
lJUVL3 Matlneea 10c. 15c. 25c j
JC*xt Week— "DANGERS OP A GREAT CITY" j
I
f\ 1 SI Piil !P£ 1 A I - Jrascrj !
Powell Street, ne»r~ Market. )
Up to and Including Saturday Night.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A New Play by Louis N. Parker, Entitled.
"THL CARDINAL"
NEXT MONDAY MR. E. S. WILLARD
will present for the first time here.
"THtrhOFEi; OB'S LOVE WRY"!
Alan Dale said, "It Is a r«n-" I
Fy J. K. BarrU. aether «f "The I ittle Hlnut*r." I
PRICES $2. $1.50. n. 75c, 50c and 25c '
|F1SCHER'St H eate<|
OFurrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Street*. j
Telephone Main 231.
Men zr.a'y come and men may go.
Appear and ehed their transient aura.
But a?es hence the world shall know
And still rejoice In Florodora. •
In "FIDDLE DEE DEE"
The Florodora Sextet is worth going miles to j
•<?e. Kolb. Dill, Bernard. Amber. Coleman. ;
Blake. Hermsen. Kellar. Doesn't th!c colossal •
array of merry-makers suggest an evening full '
to the brim with the concentrated essence of j
up-fi-'in'.* rmusement? Matinees Saturday and j
Sunday. Reserved seats at night, 25c and 50c. j
Matinees. 23c, and children. 10c.
Svealngs at 8 Sharp. Matinee Saturday at 2
Sharp.
AN ENORMOUS SUCCESS!
The Universal Verdict.
ALICE NEILSEN'S SPLENDID OPERA.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
NEVER BEFORE HERE AT
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
arL *f* E_f E7 /I T E> 8a Y «. fi*
Belasco & Tba.ll. Managers.
Curtain rises this week at 8 o'clock sharp.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EXTRAORDINARY DOUBLE BILL!
TJavld Belssco's Famous . Japanese Tragedy,
MADAHE BUTTERFLY
Preceded by Augustin Daly's Superb Comedy,
THE GREAT UNKNOWN.
Secure Tour Seats in Advance.
PRICES — 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c V
Next Week— "WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
A CYCLONE OF MERRIMENT.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
fH SPECIAL MATINEE — j MAT.
— TO-MORROW. . — f SAT.
— POPULAR PRICES. —I AT. 2.
Hurtig and Seamon Present
Williams & Walker
And Own Company In the Musical Hit,
SONS OF HAM.
NEXT MONDAY— April 21.
MR. JAMES NEILL and THE NEILL CO.
Regular subscribers' seats ready To-morrow,
0 a. m. Single seat sale begins Thursday,
April 17, 9 a. a. .
HEINRICH'S
S0N6 BECITAL" TO-NIGHT
METROPOLITAN HALL.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
POPULAR PRICES^-50c and 75c
Farewell Concert Saturday Afternoon.
Beats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
PALACE HOTEL. MA jn corridor.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
From 10 a. m. to Midnight,' Dally.
First Time in America of the Great Manila
War Paintings by SANTOS GONZALES,
the Eminent Philippine Artist.
•THE SURRENDER OF MANILA"
••SALTTTINQ THE WOUNDED."
Pronounced Masterpieces by Connoisseurs.
ADMISSION. 80c CHILDREN, 25c
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLER
THE GREAT PIANIST.
4— RECITALS NEXT WEEK—*
S:ATS ON SALE TO-MORROW, 9 A.M.
75c, $1, $1 60, $2.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'B
STEINWAY PIANO USED. ¦
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
B^^^f If* you srao&e little cigars, faKe one of IIIII B
W yours out of your pocKet and lay it on one Wm I
1 Wi^ these to compare the stee. ROYAL W4 I
M W BErNGALr^S are the biggest "little cigars" ever w i
i made — more tobacco, more smoke, more satisfaction I
H f or the same money— than yours. i
I They do not cost any more than the smaller I
i kinds and they are made of better tobacco than any 1
H other little cigar that you can buy for the same 1
K j ' '< ¦ ' ' ¦ ' '"' - ° • * i l ' - - '¦ '¦ '- —' ' "' " dflfe /fc 44 M A fcl Bus
NEW SCTENTOttC PBOCESS.¦ Thlevea'have been busy atthewoodyard
of C. ; J. f McAuliff,~ 127 Ninth street,: for the
last threje months and have extracted va
rious v sums ¦ ; from ?.' the >* telephone I box,'
amounting « to * several dollars. 4 ' McAulIff
lias notified the police of the robberies.* ,
Telephone '{ Box ; Plundered.
> MONTEREY, Mexico, April 8.—Presi
dent Diazr. it is stated.on , reliable author
ity, : will ask • Congress for a; six ' months'
He will' leave 1 for Eu
rope and; upon hisV return , resign V the
Presidency.'- ... .-•.•lC*.-.'
'. His successor will probably be Jose Ives
Llmantour,.'; the 'present Secretary of : the
Treasury." . •', General 'Bernardo Reyes has
publicly, stated; that 'he. will -give .-his sup
port', to him, and with 'his support there
would be , little doubt :. of his election,' for
.It is' to -Reyes that the office would natu-'
rally fall after, resignation ¦'of Diaz.
MEXICO'S PRESIDENT .
'¦¦;'¦...¦: :^-/.WLLI/ : GO TO ETJR0i?E
- The Gebhard handicap for 2-year-olds,'
valued ; at' $2000, will be decided on- Satur
day next. The distance Is over the Fu
turity course. The entries and weights
as announced by Handlcapper Brooks' yes
terday are as follows:
Maxnlc .'. .125 Orlssa . ...... ..110
Artvls 123 : Orbona .1X0
Durazzo . .". 122 Organdie ...... . ; ..I0S
High Chancellor. .. .114) I Oroslus ........;.. 108
Sylvia Talbot 116'Georgle West : . . ; . .108
Qrfeo .. .'..'...'..115 Gold Van 108
' Honiton •....-. .'.-'.'...114 GaVlota -.¦..;..',.. .'.108.
Avisnon r ."...'..113 Past Master ¦..'.. ...108.
Americana .........113 Horatius ...106
Polonius 113 Estoy Listo .......105
Perpetual Motion... 113 The Fog. ..: ...... ..J05
King Cayon ... .. ..lfi Tom Mitchell .'. I:'.".1(M
Insensible 113 Prince Breffni .....103
Arabo 1 1 '» Escarola ......102
Tuga Not 113 Imp. Somenos . 102
Romaine ....113 Puss In Boots ..... 102
Anvil.- .:;.113 Hudson'. ;....:.;-.. .102
Royal White 113 Dotterel .......;.;. 102
To To ...'..... li:;.Maud Sherwood- . ..100
Talarand ". .113 jPhyz ...:..:...; ...100
John Lemmons ....113 Discharged *....:...". 100
Friar Tuck-Clara L. Chiffonier ......;.. .100
. C 113 Clarlnette .': ;.100
Friar Tuck-Mando- ¦ The Phantom ..... 100
Hn .......'........113 Jennie McGowan ..loo
Flgardon '.......'.. .HOlSecco .......:..... .100
Penzance ' .'.' . . . 110! Sablnal :.': . .V. .... ...100
Callstar ......... . . .110 'Elliston . /.'. . . . . . ;.100
Lady Superba .;... 110; Athlete .:...'. ....;.100
Florla : ... 110 Little Margaret "... 100
Cassiope llOlMontezuma . v. 71 V.'. 100
Hampton's Kid .. ..110 Len Reno .........100
Brennus ". ...110|The Owl .' ....100
Gold Fnch-La FleurllOjDu Page' ;;.... •;;:;i00
Magna Borgia . . : . 141P I Duk Martin ... . ; . .100
Imp. Cupid Love... flojj.' H. Bennett'./.;. 100
Track Notes.
could be found with Donnelly's riding of
Georgie. He had Lee, Jackson busy on
Lizzie Rice all the way, and though out
generaled a bit at the close, was beaten
but three parts of a length by W L
Stanfleld's fast filly. ...
Tufts, on paper, looked the most eligible
of the ten starters in the mile and a six
teenth selling affair and crossed the bar
the easiest sort of a winner, with Ransch
as pilot. The gelding closed an' even
money chance and experienced no trou
ble in drawing away from Mamie Hil
dreth the final eighth ef a mile. Compass
a 15 to 1 shot, ran third. '
On fast performances, -excluding his
last run "possibly, Redwald lookedvto hold
safe the other starters In the
seven-furlong event. Away last, the Jen
nings entry gradually stalked to the fore,
apd in a mild drive earned the decision
from Evander by a neck. > Billy Moore
an outsider well supported to get the
show, ran third. - •-,
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: ,
First race— Six and a half furlongs; selling;
maiden three-year-olds. • •_
3491 Knockingg ,..107 3K3 Headstrong ..108
3491 Geo. Whitney.112 3533 Baltest .... 100
. 3557 Blackthorn -.112 1979 May S 107
35C3 .Tibs - 107 3523 I OU 1PU
3371 Breton .112 3529 Claudiator . . . ion
3565 Sir Claus ....1091 3533 Syce 10a
Second race — Four and a half furlongs; sell -
Ing; two-year-olds.
3558 Josie Wh'Ier.. 105 3427 Temprano ....105
3504 Oro Viva .....118 3402 Jen. McGow'nlOS
3487 J. H. Bennett 10S 34C1 Len Reno ...105
3402 Lit. Margaret.105 3439 Minnie Drossll05
3552 Clarinette ....115 3528 Katanga ... ..105
Third race — One ' mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward. - .
3545 St. Rica .....103 3557 La Calma ....lOl'
(3540) Expedient- ...107 3521' Invictua ..;..1OJ
3562 The Singer .-.1CT 3540 Elfonse ......103
hn «^ VEN for a card barren .of class
j as a Chicago referee is of
" fighting sense, four well-backed
favorites picked the high ¦> spots
out and won yesterday at Oak
land. ¦ ; <
Roll-call showed no noticeable ab
sentees from the regular crowd. oT race-,
gctrs, and skirmishers possessed such a
good line on horses partial to the heavy
going that the books undoubtedly had
the worst of the argument. •
For the opening slx-furlong run Hal
metta wa played at short odds, as if the
result was in. The filly did not take
to the going,, and was not among the
first three. Turning into the stretch, Stu
art, on the 30 to X shot Pirate Maid, took
the lead, winning bands down from Tibs,
a 60 to 1 outsider. Satchel ran third.
Golden Light, with Conley in' the sad
dle, carried some heavy commissions to
win the Futurity course sprint, and bare
ly got up in time to down The Hoodoo a
nose. The price against the latter horse
was backed from 8 to 4. He cut out ail
the pace. . Show honors went to Mar
ineuse.
Chinn & Forsythe's clever filly Rubus.
carrying 109 pounds, showed to be pounds
the best of those lining up in the six and
a half furlong jaunt. She made the run
ning, and only won by a neck from Ish
tar, as Conley came near being caught
napping. Jackson, on the last-named ,
filly, tried a well-timed rush the last hun
dred yards, and the ruse almost caught
the colored rider off his guard. Sir Claus,
quoted at odds of 150 to 1 in the ring, fin.
ished third.-- Botany quit after displaying
a flash of early speed.
In the 2-vear-old scramble, Georgie
"West, with Donnelly up, was the sup
posed good thing, her odds falling from
4 to 11 to 5. Nlgrette, though, closed fa-
Yorite. at* a 'Shade lower figure. No fault
First race— Greorg^e Whitney, Clau
diator, Blackthorn.
Second 'race— Little Margaret, Oro
Viva, Len Reno. '
Third race — St. Bica, Captivate,
Expedient.
FqurtH race— Lass of Langdon, Ax
minster, E. M. Brittain.
Fifth race— Princess Titania, Sea
Queen, Frank^Bell. .
Sixth race— Bernota,' Lady Meddle
some, School for- Scandal. '¦¦ . y.
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
F.'.t J. Antony, C. L. Barrington, T. W.
Butcher,' John Bride, N: J. Beechinor, M. Ber
nard, J. C. Bateman, P. L.Bannon;* William A."
Breslin. , J. .- E. .Buckley, • R. D. 1 Blake, r J.' P.
Chandler,: J.B.Coftey.rJ. F.. Comyns, T; A. ;
Connoly. Dr. ' J. A. Carew, J. Conner, E. • J. '
Coffey. ,T. ¦ R. .Carew, J.^ K.- Cosgrove, > M. J.
Carroll. L. M. . Carroll. S. J. Cunningham, E.
J. .Doolin, T. A.- Duffy,- G. de : Lisle, D.^ C.
Deasy, J. -- B. . Duggan, J. •• B. f Duggan Jr. , 3? P.
Duffy, ; J._ L.»DrechaIer, * I.' D. ' Dwyer, . C. ¦ I*.
Ebner/ J. J. Foley.C. B.-Fenn, L.Fenn,'T.H.
• Fallon, ,. B. • H; > Foley, . J. ; E. . Fitzpatrick, :- U T.
Fox, J. GlIdea,,J. T. Greany, T.E.'J. Gardner,
"Our Council, No. 35," Hon. J. F. Sullivan.
P. G. P.; VThe Ladles," Frank T.' Shea; vocal
solo, Charlea ; Hay ; "The Gentlemen," ¦• Miss
Julia'Coftey; , "Our Order,'/ Hon. John J. •Mo-
Dade, P. G. ; P. ; "The Catholic Family,"' Dr.
J. F." McCone: •- "California, V •-' Hon. <• Frank . J.
Murasky, P.; G. P.; vocal solo,- Miss
Keane; "The- Catholic American," -Frank', J.
Klerce.- supreme president; '"The Pacific Juris
diction," Daniel J. O'Leary, grand president;
song, William J. Hynes; "Reminiscences,"
John .T.-; Greany. : past president. .. '..'.. '
. -The 'following -named .were 'present at
the tables: r -,.'\ • •¦ , - •
There were at: the head of the central
table many of the past grand officers of
the order, and the present grand officers,
also a number of the '¦. clergy. An excel
lent supper, .without wines, was served
and discussed, after which Past Presi
dent Philip J. Lawler, the to'astmaster,
in a very neat • speech, introduced the
lirst speaker of the evening, the soldier
clergyman who won a name In the 1 Phil
ippines,- the Rev. Father, Joseph P. Mc-
Quaide, who responded to "The Church.'.'
He paid a most eloquent" tribute, declar
ing: the church ¦ was God-given through
the medium of twelve poor men, and then
he dwelt upon its Influence and its work
for -enlightenment and' advancement, j- In
the course of his. remarks he stated that
its worst enemies, are' its •; bad children;
and that one of its missions is to'pre
serve it •- from such. ; He closed by i con
gratulating the membership of Ignatian
Council, and stated that It is -one oftho
brightest ornaments that the church in
this city has at this time, being' com
'posed ofi men who are -true and devoted.
. General James. F. -Smith, a past grand
president of the order, was to have been
the next speaker .and. respond \to; "Our
Flag," jbut he- sent a r letter of :regret at
inabillty>to be present.- Then followed
the following toasts and responses 'and
musical selections: •.. .< . .•
¦ Ignatian Council No. : 35 [ of the Young
Men's Institute celebrated the fifteenth
anniversary, of Its institution by a ban
quet last - night >in the ; California Hotel.
The v dinlng-hall was profusely decorated
•with 'American flags. ,. -.
Annivers ary {. of Ignatian
Council of the Young
Men's Institute.
WITTY SPEAKERS
ENLIVEN THRONG
Miss Allen, I Miss .M. Ambrose, Miss E. An
derson, ' Miss ' Rose Anthony, ' Mrs. P. L. Ban
nan,. Miss" Isabel Barrington, Miss Florence
Barrington, Miss Bernard, Miss Gertrude Blake,
•Miss M. Breslin,. Mrs. J. E. Buckley, Miss
M. Beechinor, Mrs. T. W> Butcher, Miss May
Concannon, • Mrs. . T. A. Connelly. MUs Mamie
Carew, Miss Mattie , Carew, / Miss M. Ccyle,
Miss Nora Comber, Miss Mary E. Carroll, Miss
Katharine Carroll, Miss Julia C. CofTey, Miss
Nora ¦ Cleary, Miss Doll ie Connor, Miss ¦• Nel
lie Connor, Miss Nora Dwyer, Mrs. J. . P."
Duffy, Miss Alice Dwyer, Miss ¦ K. Dw~yer,*
Miss I." G.- Donovan, Mrs.jC. L. Ebner, Mrs
I.yman Fenn. Mrs. C. B.fFenn, Miss IX A.
Fallon, Mrs. L. T. Fox, Miss Agnes ' Fitz
patrlck, Miss Josie Fitzpatrlck, Miss "Estelle
Fox,"- Miss Gibbon, '• Miss 1 Sue Healey, Mrs.
Maurice Higgins, Miss M. • McHarvey, Mrs. E
B. Hay, Mrs. 4 W. J.. Hamilton, Miss High
tower, Miss Hoas«, Miss Isabelle Haderle, Miss
Jones. M'ss Verdie\l.. Kenny, • Mrs. T. W. Kel
ly, Mrs.- • D. ; Keane, ¦ Mrs. -Lawler, Mrs. A.
Luby, Mrs. J. G.Leibert. Miss Kosamor.d Me
fcerin, ¦, Miss A." Magginl, Mrs. C. Magginl, Misa
Gertrude ' Monahan, Mrs. John : Mcnahan, Miss
JoRie Molloy, :Miss- Ellinor Matthews, Miss
Reta Maloney... Miss JCathryn Madden, Mrs.
Joseph McCusker, Miss M. F. • McEneany, Mrs
John J. McCarthy,' Miss Nesfield, Mrs. M.
Noyer, MIes Nelson, Miss" M. Nolan, Miss
Marie Oge, - Miss K. O' Dea, !'. Mlsa ' Louise
O'Neil, Mrs. D. J. O' Leary, Miss Q. Fabst
Mrs. J- B. Queen. Miss May.C. Quinn, ' Mrs.
L. T. .Queen, Misa N. A: Queen. MIsj Marie
T." Ryan, . Miss \May Stein, . Miss May Sheri
dan,: Mrs. John H: Sheehan, Miss' Agnes Sul
tivan, ' Mrs. Shea, Miss Louise "Stovall, Miss
S. Stroetgen, Miss Short,* Miss M.- Small. Miss
E. ; Schllnk.- Miss. : Dorothy Torres, Miss "M.
Walsh, Miss Grace Welsh and Mrs. J. W Mc-
Carthy. , ... - - ¦.: -.¦ -¦ .-¦¦: ,• • • -..- .. • .
C. Gillespie, F. A. Gilson, C. 'Hay, W. J.
Hynea, W. . J. : Hamilton, D. E. Hayden, J. : P.
Hayes, Maurice Hlggins, M. C. Hassett, Dr. J.
J. King\^ell, G. Keane, L. S. Kast.-F.~J.
Klerce. J. F. Kenny, T. Kelly, F. Kiesel, F. J.
Lawler, E. H. Licket, E. Luby, P. Lawler, A.
B. Maguire, J. Martin, H. C. Moffatt, C. Mag
ginl, M. M.' Meherin,^ John Monahan, H. B.
Moynlhan, J. G.~ Meehan, T. E. Morrlssey. D.
Mahoney Jr., D. J. McGloin, J. J. McCarthy,
Dr. J. McCone, M. J. McBrearty, F. McCar
thy, J. McCusker, J. J." McDade, J. P. Nolan,
M. P. O'Dea- Jr., J. < O'Hara, Rev. P.
O'Ryan, ' D. J. - O'Leary, ' , T. • J. ' O'Brien,
W. Pabst, G. . Peterson. A. A. Quinn,
J. P.' Quinn, L. . T. : Queen, R.\ E. Queen.
J. B. Queen, R. K. Ryan, L. Ryan, J. T. Shee
rln, J. A. Sheerln, A. H. Ste. Marie, D. J.
Smith, T. G. Spillane, G. H. Sullivan, Rev. J.
W. Sullivan, J. H: Seymour, F. T. Shea, J. H.
Sheehan, H. J. Spring, D. B. Torres, J. J. To
bin, W. F. Terry, J. S. . Welbank, William
Walsh, T. J. Welsh, Rev. Philip Byrne, John
W. McCarthy. r * - .
MEMBERS OF GENERAL COMMIT TEE OF LOCAL KNIGHTS WHICH
HAS CHARGE OF THE ARRAN GEMENTS FOR WELCOMING vfSIT
ING BRETHREN AND THEIR LADIES AND FRIENDS.
3520 Legal Max>m. 88 3567 Gold Baron . .107
3502 Alicia 105 3535 Captivate 102
3149 Qulbo 103 3515 Bob Palmer. ..103
Fourth race — Futurity course; selling; three-'
year-olds and upward. , .' ¦
3517 Dawson .98 14S0 Ben Magln ..111
3540 L.-of Langdon 96 .... Solinus ......100
3545 MacFlecknoe .111 (3545)E1 Pilar 09
(3551)E. M. Brittaln 08 3341 Zurich Ill
3523 Rubino 100 3551 Golden Cot'gelO.'i
3550 Mareaa 110 (3533) Axmlnster ..:101
o.'iJU-Moablna '¦)••
Fifth race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward. .
(.134S)Prin. Tltania. i)8 3537 Florinel II. ...100
3515 Irate 95 3556 Kitty Kelly. . ." 08
3548 Frank Bell ..112 3292 Ben Ledi . :.. t>8
3553 Isaline OS 3548 Sharp Bird... 100
3513 Sea Queen ..107 I •. rr: .
Sixth racc^— One mile; selling; j three-year
olds and upward.
(3060)Canejo '..1051 3303 Flamero ... . .107
(3.>.-J0)Larry Wilt... 81 354i> S. for ScandalllO
3559 Tizona .......107 3496 Grnd Sachem. 107.
(3521)Wlndward ...110 3515 Phil ArchibaldlOO
3502 Bernota 103 3561 Galanthus ....la",
£543 Free Lance... 110 3494 L. MeddlesmelOS
and A. W. 'stokes. - : '
Golden City No. 63 — A. S. Jones, R. F.yLange .-.
and Dr. A. S. Tuchler.
Bay City No. 117 — A. S. Kasper, E. I. Wolfe. -
W. Manson, J. Caiman and H. S. Hilzner.
Sequoia No. 188 — Gus Pohlmann, Frank
Stohr and William Brant.
Mars No/ 202 — J. A. Wells. W. Kaufman and •
S. Swerllng. - - . : • V.-
The followtag named were selected 'as :y
the officers: f ( : . / v i;,
C. W. Kevin, president: J- "W. . C ¦ Beattie, \i\
vice president; Frank A. Brooks. ; . secretary ;$<;
C. S. Hoffman, financial secretary; James Heal: tt;
ing, treasurer. ' : ' ' - .'- :; v ' y
A ways and means committee was . ajp- Eg
pointed, as. follows:, . ' ./-''¦'
Charles Milly (chairman), R. F. Langre,.' /
Charles Danzlger, A. P. Lucas, E. I. Wolfe,'
Gus Pohlmann, 11. A. Samuels, C. W. Nevin
and F. A. Brooks.
1 The general committee was organized in !
September of last year, and.it has been",
hard at work since, ever mindful of two
objects— first, that It has to* make ths
visit of the strangers who are to attend
the Supreme Lodge and the Uniform
Rank Encampment a pleasant one, 1 that
will let- them carry away golden opin
ions of the country and of the people,
and, second, that all the efforts put forth
will result in a great advertisement of
California, its possibilities and resources.
The ways and. means committee has done
much to help the general committee,
which has already received liberal con
tributions from the lodges, and has ajoo
received a goodly sifm from entertain
ments, theatrical benefits t and other
sources, which will help swell the grand
entertainment fund. ¦ : f ;;V . .
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
John Lahey, a one-legged beggar, was
sent to the County Jail for six months
by Judge Mogan yesterday. He has been
In the habit of throwing himself on the
street in a pretended fit and arousing the
sympathy of the crowds that collected.
When he recovered he would get money
from the throng. He tried his game at
Fourth and Mission streets Monday night
and was arrested.
Took Fits to Arouse Sympathy.
CHICAGO, April 8.— With a woman dis
guised in a man's clothes, Charles O.
Bloom, the missing clerk of the Morrison
Hotel, who is wanted for embezzlement,
is supposed to have eloped from Chicago,
leaving behind him his wife and four
children. Their destination is believed to
be Seattle. A reward of $250 for the ar-l
rest of the absconding clerk was offered
to-day by J. K. £ebree, proprietor of the
Morrison and Saratoga hotels.
Bloom is said by the police to have led
a strange double life for the last four
years. Paschal Hicks, the house detec
tive for Morrison, who had followed the
case since the disappearance of Bloom
Monday with the contents of the hotel
safe, amounting to about $1000, said to
night that he had secured Information of
Bloom's movements during that time.
The woman with whom Bloom is sup
posed to have fled is 22 years old and is
of a respectable Chicago family. She is
said to have gone by the name of Miss
Browu and also by the name of MIs«
Manning. For four years she lived with
Bloom, it is said, and her parents dis
owned her because of her association
with him. She has a baby a month old.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LIABILITY IS REDUCED. — United States
District Judg-e d* Haven yesterday made an
order reducing the liability and freight pending
of the Walla Walla from $1015 59 to $1103 10
RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK
Kid "McFadden won from Spider "Welch
In the fifth round of a scheduled flfteen
round bout last^ night at the Reliance
Athletic Club, Oakland/ The red-topped
Kid caueht the Spider with a terrific
rlgM on the jaw in a swinging mix-up
and dazed the lathy fellow. . Welch came
back with determination, only to be met
with a volley of rights and lefts that
•weakened him and caused him to toppie.
".Vetch's seconds threw up the sponge
¦with their man all but out. Referee IS.
J. Smith declared McFadden the victor.
Welch began operations well. He land
ed three lefts on the Kid's 3aw and t\\o
stiff rights in the heart region during
the first round, but as the bell clanged
the redoubtable freckled fighter rushed
the Spider and punched him to a stand
mill. In the second round neither man
lost any time in getting to work. ' It was
give and take during the three minutes.
McFadden placed several joiters on his
opponent's ribs' and in exchange received
an assortment of lefts in the fiace. Welcli
sent a* powerful left to McFadden's jaw
in the third round that appeared to con
fuse the Kid, but it was only for a mo
ment. The red-top's ire was aroused, and
he went after the long fellow viciously.
The round closed with both boxers pass
ing out to each other the strongest they
could muster. • >>
The fourth round was a hurricane from
the start to the finishing part. It closed
with the battling pair tired. McFadden
jumped out strong In the fifth and started
to ensnare the Spider. He caught the
long fellow with a fierce right, followed
it up with several others and Welch was
all but out when his seconds tossed up
the sponge.
Jim Hamilton of Siockton lost a close
decision to "Jack Capeliss in an eight
round bout that went the limit and which
proved a rattling good mill. Willie
Bourne defeated "Psycho" Collins in
three rounds of a programmed four-round
bout.
The attendance was exceptionally large
and the fights were all hard and good.
The Chicago Police Seek the
Whereabouts of Charles
Bloom, v
Featherweight Fighters Fur
nish Sport at the Re
liance Club.
THE 1902 committee of the. Knights \
,of Pythias, which vis fat -present ;; :
actively at work making pr^para-
tions to receive and i, entertain 1 in ;\
magnificent style ' the large num-
bcr of Knights and their .ladies: and /
friends who will be here to the number .,
of about 70,000 in August ne^t,' Is .corn
nosed of delegates . from the ' various .
lodges of the order in this city. The fol- ,
lowing are the representatives to .the -gen- .
eral body: ; . ¦ . . . j _.:':'¦/' \\'.- '¦:"¦" "-T- -X--v'.
' California No. 1— Frank A.: Brootos, Frank '
Zetsing an* A. P. Lucas. J „ _*,„ *'
Damon No. 2— W. H.-Bodflsh, C. D. Reid and
J. H. Danton. '. ' , • . . • - . _ . ..
Golden Gate No.' 3 — M. A. Samuels. J. . E. -,
B«lam and J. ;M. Keenan. : . - :-^- : . .-. ' "•¦
Laurel No. 4^Ernest Ulman, A. Perrler; ana j -
A. C. Kull. ¦'- •" -¦ ¦¦¦¦¦_¦ ' '¦
Ivanhoe No. 5-^C. Danzlger,' W. S. Ham
bridge, and A. P. ; Dever. *¦ . • \- .-. . •_ :,-....
Alemanla No. .S^-Henry,' Strieker, H. L. . Ju
dell and Charles Hummell. : 1 ' . ¦
Eureka No. 0— J. W. C- Beattle, J. ; Healing -.
and Charles Oman.-. ,¦..." : - ¦ ;:
Harmony No. 15— P. Bleh, H. Behrens and
H. Willweber. . . - : ¦ ; - ¦'¦'¦-¦ \a.
Myrtle. No. 10— C. W. Nevln.C. S. Hoffman
and.W. L. Cowles. •'• : ' ; ''';¦"'¦ 'J,''
South San Francisco No. 43 — C. Mllly, Hj'S
Hinken and W. Wllcox. ' ' ."
- Syracuse No. 5S— C. Levy, A. Walsh v and, E. ¦*;
Cohn. ' » ' ' • * ¦ • ' - '¦ ' • •
Untty No. (il— S. W. Powell, F. B. Hanbridge .
Seconds of Lanky Boxer
Throw Up the Sponge
in the Fifth. )
Woman Is Said to Have
Eloped With a Hotel
Clerk.
MAN'S ATTIRE
HER DISGUISE
KID M'FADDEN
DEFEATS WELCH
CALIFORNIA WILL BE ADVERTISED
BY THE PYTHIAN SUPREME LODGE
Committee Will/ Give the Great Array of Visitors Am p>le; Opportu
nity to See and Learn of 'the , Wonders of the State and
the Information Gleaned Will B$ Spread in • East byf Strangers
TENNESSEE DERBY
FOR ABE FRANK
Bennett's Great Son of
Hanover Defeats Lou
- Woods a Neck.
Locals Meet Senators
on Oakland Diamond
To-Day.
Pitcher Meredith Will 'Not
Flee From 1 Manager
Harris.
Only Pour Horses Pace the
Starter for the Rich
• / 'Stake.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. , April 8.— The Tennes
see Derby, at a mile -and an eighth, val
ued at about $6000, was won to-day by
George C. Bennett's Hanover colt Abe
Frank by a neck from Lou Woods. Buc
cleuth finished third, a length away. The
weather was bright and clear and tire
track fast.' About 15,000 people were pres
ent. Only four starters faced the flag,
Ed Austin and H. L. Coleman declining;
the issue.
Abe Frank was held at the prohibitive
odds of 1 to 6; Lou Woods, with Nash
Turner in the saddle, was second choice
at 6 : to* 1,- while Buccleuth sold at eights
and tens. At the second attempt Starter
Fitzgerald caught the field in perfect line
and dropped the flag. Winkfleld took Buc
cleuth to the front «at the start, and,
closely "followed by Red Hood and Abe
Frank, made the running for a mile.
When the horses turned for home Co
burn sent the favorite forward, and it
looked. as If he would win in a romp, but
at the ¦ sixteenths pole Lou Woods came
with a rush which sent Coburn to the
whip. The finish was ¦ a hard one, with
Abe Frank in front by a neck. . It was
the general opinion that the Bennett
horse was a little short in his work. It
is claimed a large commission was sent to
Chicago after the race on his chances
for the American Derby. Summary: f ,'•*>
First race, selling, six furlongs— Harry Wil
son won Ben Frost ¦ second, Ermack third.
Time, 1:15%. •. _, - , •
Second race, selling:, four and a half furlongs
—The Don won, Gold Bell second, Votary third.
IN Third' race, purse, one mile and a sixteenth —
Flora Pomona won. Terra Finna second, Felix
Bard third. Time. 1:48%. • - „„ •
Fourth race, the Tennessee Derby, $3000
added, mile and an eighth — Abe Frank won,
Lou Woods. second, Buccleuth . third. Time,
1:57%. -'¦ ,„ .
i Fifth race, purse, five furlongs^ — Waring won.
Hunter Kaine second, Autumn Leaves third.
Time. 1:01%. , , '
Sixth face, selling, six furlongs— Leviathan
won, Orleans second," Amirante third. Time,
'WASHINGTON. April S.—Bennlngs sum
mary : ¦• • • ' -
First race, six furlongs — Charley Moore won.
Swamp Lands second, Early Eve third. Time,
1:10 1-5.
Second race, four furlongs — Rose Tint won,
Benduro second, Flambuoyant third. Time,
:52 3-5.
Third race, one mile and a half, hurdles^ —
Farrell won. Chevalier d'Or second, Prince
Plausible third. Time, 3:06.
Fourth race, seven furlongs^ — Locket won,
Carroll D second, Shandonfleld third. Time,
1:32, . •
Fifth race, five furlongs — Agnea D won. False
Alarm second. Princess OtUlie third. Time,
1:05. : -
Sixth race, mile and fifty yards — Cherished
'won. Rough Rider second, Woodtrice third.
Time. 1:52.^ ¦. .
ROBS BROTHER-IN-LAW
\ OF NUMEROUS TRINKETS
San Francisco and Sacramento will be
gin the second *eries of/six games . tM*
.afternoon at 3 o'clock at the Oak an d
grounds, while Los Ai.geles and Oakland
will settle their difficulties in the south
ern city. The line-up is as follows.
San Francisco. Position. Sacran ??^^m
S^te:::::::::ff^::.».H»N«
Bone! gecond base ¥hfJha£
Shugart J-hird base S^5tn
Holly .Shortstop w^iT?
McHale Left field -i'TSSSS
Lawlor Center field "^^SSJ
Delmas. Right field. Fn ?*
Sccurred on a California diamond for
m T^ Se is sole master of Uhe field
this season^ and he will stanffor no.kick
ing or back talk from any of the Payers.
iJfst season the players acted as they
pleased, and consequently jartouf trou
bles arose between them and the u mP*«»
and managers. The management prom
ises the strictest discipline in the "rture.
and any player who shows a tendency
to take objection to the umpire's rulln*
will be severely dealt with; When he is
fined, he must pay the penalty, as a law
has been passed forbidding any club man
ager refunding fines to his Players.
Bone's throwing-arm Is a trifle sore,
having been broken In a game of polo In
the East. He thinks it will be all right
In a few. days. It showed no signs o£
weakness in the two games he has al
re re MtredIth posltlvely assures Manager
Harris he will remain with the locals.
He "admits he has received numerous of
fers from Eastern clubs, but says he likes
California and. will not jump. His arm
Is not in good condition by any means,
but he says as soon aa- the weather gets
warmer it will come around air right.
The patrons of the game will have a
chance to see Kane, Harris* lanky south
pi w, act to-day. Kane has the reputa
tion of throwing balls in the grandstand
while aiming at the plate. Harris will
give him a chance to make good, and he
hopes Kane will eventually overcome his
wildness. If he does, he should prove
one of the most effective twirlers In tha
league. •
Hickey, who will oppose Kane, is an
other man ' whose movements will be
anxiously watched. Hickey comes from
the Pacific Northwestern League and is
said to-be a wonder. He U a young fel
low, big and husky, and Mike Fisher
expects great things of him.
COLLEGE PROFESSORS MAY
PLAY A BASEBALLi MATCH*
President "Wheeler of University of
California and President Jordan
of Stanford Are Interested.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 8.—
From latest Indications a faculty inter- »
collegiate baseball game will be played
by the respective nines of Stanford and
.California the latter part of this month.
An informal.' challenge has been sent to
Stanford by> President Benjamin Ida
Wneeler and with it the suggestion that
he would play first base on the Califor
nia faculty aggregation if President Jor
dan would cover the same position for
Stanford. ' -
President Wheeler's idea in bringing
about the match was to raise funds to
send the California track team East.
Part of, the receipts of the game woufctl
be treed for that purpose and part used
in defraying the expenses of training the
cardinal athletic teams. Stanford's
faculty baseball team is already organ
ized and is able to put up a good* exhibi
tion' of the national game. It Is com
posed of the following professors: How
ard, third base and pitcher; Searles,
shortstop; Newson, catcher; Kellogg,
¦ pitcher and third base; G. H. Marx, cen
ter field; Foster, right field; Jordan, first
base; Angell, second base; Murray, left
I field.
"WILIi REFINE SALT.— The Leslie Salt
Refining Company was incorporated yesterday
with a capital stock of $500,000. The directors
are Arthur L. Whitney, - Anna St. John Whit
ney, Albion H." Whitney, Lewis E. Spear and
Frederick Hewlitt. •
Charles Burres After Release From
Prison Enters Belative's House
. and Steals Valuables.
Patrick Stevens, formerly a patrolman,
and living at 916 Montgomery street, had
his brother-in-law, Charles Burres, ar
rested last night on a charge of burglary.
S Burres was sentenced some time ago to
a term of ; six months for. petty larceny.
Soon after' his release from prison he en
tered, his brother-in-law's house and stole
some rings, '¦ bracelets and a gold-headed
cane belonging to ; Stevens. Burres ac
knowledged the theft of the articles, but
failing to return them according to a
promise he made his brother-in-law, he
was given into custody. >^..
Chess Flayers in Tournament.
A '"consultation" chess match will be
played to-morrow evening at the rooms
of the Western Addition Chess, Checker
and Whist Club, 2206 Fillmore street.
Messrs. Chilton, Perley and Newcomer
will represent the Mercantile Library,
while Messrs. Dolan, Neville and Ettinger
wlll^represent the Western Addition Club.
J. .W. Zollars will referee ¦;. the game.
Charles E. Jones will- transmit moves
made by- the contestants. The players
are all experts. ;
"Wants Wittman Enjoined.
Henry Lair, a saloon-keeper, at 1123 Du
pont street, is suing for an injunction re
stramlng Chief of Police, Wlttman from
blockading his • premises, . which are in
front of. the court occupied by a number
of . women Of .^111-f ame. He alleges that
the blockade causes him "Irreparable in
jury." • ¦..;.• '
Declare Mrs. Way "Was Sane.
OAKLAND, April 8.— John W. Richards
of San Jose, and . C. E. Worley were wit
nesses.to-day in the contest that is being
waged over the will of the late Maria
Way. ¦ Although they .were called by the
contestants these witnesses, who - are at\
torneys, testified that they thought Mrs.
Way perfectly sane. All they saw lack
ing about her was memory, which they
said failed as she : grew older.
Bank Sues Former Cashier's Estate.
OAKLAND, ATjril 8.— The Central 'Bank
began suit to-day against Llllie Thomp
son- Yates, widow and executrix of the
estate of the late Charles R. Tatea, cash
ier of the bank, for the recovery of nine
teen assignments of mortgages that were
made to him while he was In the employ
of the Institution. The assignments were
made ¦ for convenience : and the suit Is
purely a technical action.
Edds Case Goes Over.
OAKLAND, April 8.— The case of James
r. Edds, the conductor who assaulted
Pollcemar,; McSorley some nights ago,
was to-day :' continued to . April 14, when
the defendant will plead. A. F. St. Sure
has been retained : for the defense. Edds
is charged with trying to bite off the nose
of the . policeman, which under the law
Is the serious crime of mayhem.'
FANS TO FLOCK
ACROSS THE BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL ' 9; 1902.
OA^^AND^BACETIlACK^uesday.^April J^—^ather^fine^JTrack heavy.
3SC3. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three-year-old fillies; to first. $325.
indevlHorse and Weight. St. *4. «j. Str. Pin. J Owner and Jockey. Op?"'"^
.3541 Pirate Maid 112 6 7 2 1»4 1 2 17 C. W. Chappell. ...Stuart 6 30
o5.a Tibs 112 3 6 % 4 h 54 2 1% McDonald & Dunlap..See 20 CO
3511 Satchel 112 4 5 H 3 % 2 li . 3 1% B. Schreiber Troxier 4 5
S5j>1 Matin Bell....... |112 1 2 % 5 2 4 l l 4 5 Chir.n & Forsyth.. Conley 8-5 2
3385 Sterling Towers.. 112 5 11 In 3 2 5 n Musto & Ruiz Hoar 20 75
32»7 Halmetta 112| 2 ¦ 4n 6 C 6 \W. H. Ketchemn..Jacksn 7-5 11-10
Tijn.e—Vt. :2C; i». :51%; «;. 1:1S»4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
\\ inner, C. W. Chappeirs ch. f. by Pirate of Penzance-Glacie. Winner ran away from her
field in the stretch. Matin Bell a. disappointment. Halmetta cut off early and anchored in"
the going. ..."-.•
35C4. SECOND RACE — Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Qp?" 1^!.*.
S540 'Golden Light. 4.. 113 6 5241 32 Ins R. T. Doefner Conley 1 ~l
aSt9 The Hoodoo, 4... .104 2 2»iln In 2 H • T. H. Ryan Ransch 8 4
3557 Marinouse, 4 106 5 3 1>4 J 1% 2 n . H4 J. Conway Hoar 4 13-2
347$ Bonitary. •* Ill 3 4 H 3 h 5 1 43 Charles Albert Flick 15 40
3557 El Karn, 4 113 1 lh 5 0 4 V4 5 n W. H. GrissIm..A. Kelly SO CO
35-J9 Elmer L. 4 ,.109| 4 7n 7 ~4 « 1 tt 2 Klunder & Burns.. .Fogg 15 GO
3S4fi JRasp, 4 -.lOCjlO 10 8 1% 8 10 7 3 J. Green Jackson 3 4
3527 |B. F. Mason. 5...10»| 7 8 10 .« n 7 u. 8 15 P. G. Lynch L. Daly 10 -40
3375 jGraylette, 4 106! 9 9 % 9 1% 9 5" 0 5 C. W. Chappell. ...Stuart 20 100
5167 jCorriente. a 114| 8 6 3 10 10 10 J. J. Coalter. ..Bozeman 20 100
Time— To WJ :22=i ; to ~Vi. :4S»4; last %. 1:04%; short %, 1:14%. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. R. T. Doefner"s ch. g. by Flambeau-Experiment. Golden Light did
not appear to be partial to the going. The Hoodoo tired. Bonitary had speed. Rasp prac
tically left. Scratched — Mrs. Brunell 104. Modder 113.
3565. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
IndexjHorse and Weight. St. • . %. %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? 'of.
<350S) Rubus 109 2 2 14 U H In Chinn & Forsjth-.Conley - 1 9-10
3541 Ishtar 102 1 1% "2% 2 1% 26 A. Josephs .'.Jackson! : 4 21-5
3557 S!r Claus 96| 4. 3 *i 4 % 4 h 3 2 - S. Merriwether. . .Knapp 60 150
3523 Killooe ...104| 0 6 6 3 h 4 2 B. Schreiber. .L. Spencer" 35 35
3545 Winnecook 971 3 4 «4 5 h 6 6 6 H. I. Wilson. .Winslette 50 100
3542 jBotany 1101 5 B l'j 3 h 5 2 « E. E. Edwards. .Ransch 2 2
Time— 14, :25U: \i. :'•»%: %. 1:17%: 6^f. X:25. Fair start. Won first three driving. '
Winner. Chlnn & Forsithe's b. f. by Bramble -Meriden. Rubus had the most spe«*d. Jack- ¦
son on Ishtar tried to steal the race and nearly succeeded. Kllldoe almost left. Botany
quit. Scratched — Sollnus 96.
35OC. FOURTH RACE — Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; to first, $325.
IndexJHorse and Weight. |St- %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. • Op? "(fl.
(3522) i Lizzie Rice 101 6 ... 1»% lh 1 % W. L. Stanfield-Jackson * 2 14-5
8444 iGeorgie West 101 2 ... 2 2 2 2 2 1^ Chinn & Forsyth..Donnly 4 11-5
3522 jXigrette 100 3 ../ 3 % 3 s; 3 2 Jennings & Co..L. Dalv 8-5 • 2
3522 iGuida 1021 4 ... 4 1 4 4 V. A. B. Spreckels... Stuart 10 20~
32Ti3 Organdie 1001 7 ... 5 hi 7 '4 5 5 W. Macdonough-.Troxler 8 12
iATS IDottere; »*] 8 ...-7 1 5 h 68 T. H. Stevens.. Winslette 15 30
3433 ! Hudson 9R|1 6h «i 1 7 n B. Schreiber Ransch 6 'il2E
3534 IMoritezuma IO3\ T, ... 8 8 "8 Capps & Long Hoar 40! 80
Time— 14, :25; %. :49%. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner
W. L. Stanfield's gr. I. by Captive- Leora. Llzzis Rice bumped Georgie shortly before
reaching the wire. Xigrette in worst going. • ' '
S567. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; filing; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
1 Index I Horse. Age. Weight. |St. 14. .%. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op? 'cif.
3539 ITufts, 3 08 2 2 1% 2 2 .1 % 11 C. W. Chappell .. Ransch 6-5 1
3414 JMam. Hildreth, 4..101 1 5 >i 7 n 3h 2 2 G. Burger. ..... .L Daly 6 7
S546 Compass, 4 103 4 3 1 3 n 4 n 3 1 James Wils-cn. Hoar 10 15
3509 Forest King, 3... 91 7 6 >4 5 1 6 4 4 14 S. J. Jones Butler 15 40
3515 The Gaffer. 4 10R3 1% 12 2 14 5 5 J. H. Simppon See G 7
R426 IE1 Rey. 4 10S| C 4 %< 4 1^5 2 0 3 P. C. Donaleche.-Trddcler 10 J. r i
2222 Morellito. a .110110 8 1^10 8 2 7 10 J.Weber Conley 7-2 3
S50» Har. Thatcher. 5.. 107| 9 91 91 95 83 W. Johnson Sheehan 8 25
.'S46 Gold Baron, 6 107| 8 7 n 8 1 10 9 H. L. Haskell Bell 40 80
5324 Iwtmam F. 5 10815 6h 6 1 7 h 10 John Kane Priori 15 40
Time — M. :25; %. :50; %, 1:17«4; mile, 1:44%; 1 l-16m. 1:51>4. Good start. Won easily
Second and third driving. "Winner. C. W. Chappell's b. g. by Tacoma-Lady Lucas Tufts
best. Mamie Hildreth grew weary the last furlong. Forest King ran a nice race. The
Gaffer quit. Morellito bumped at first turn 'and pulled up lame.
3568. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. -Op?" 1^'.
S556 Redwald. 5. Ill 8 61 3h 21 In Jennings & Co.:. L. Daly "8-5 8-5
3.VM5 tEvander, 3... 97 6 2 % 2 1 1 h 2 % fj. Conway Jackson 5-2- 2
2877 (Billy Moore, 5.... Ill 4 1 »4 1 h. 4 % 3 1% T. T. Rector. .Winslette 30 30
3551 IQuadra, 3 95 1 5*441 3 1 45 Curl & Co Knapp 10 15
3422 Tyranus, 3 9S2 3 1% 5 1 5%5n Summers & Co..'.Ransch 2 7-2
3515 Nilgar. 6 Ill 6 . 7 10 7 5 6 1 6 3 Mrs. Jones & Co.. Donnlv 10 50
3556 Mission, 5 Ill 3 4n 6 1% 74 7 10 James Wilion ...See 20 60
S539 |Ulm. 5 Ill 7 8 8 8 8 Holcomb & Smith.. Kelly 12 50
Time— '4. :24%; %, :50?;; «i. 1:17; %. 1:30. Bad start. Won first three driving. Win
ner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s ch. g. by Tenny-Redworth Rose. Redwald was not Joking this
trip. Billy Moore was played. Quadra did fairly well. Scratched — Dwight Way 97 Con-
Etable 97, Fondo 108. Captivate 106. . . ';•-"' -
8
DR.PIERCES
•GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOP,LBVER. LUNGS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RE3TORATTVE. UTVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
: The mo* t : wonderful aphrodisiac and Si>ec!al
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NAFp. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents"
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
fk - -fl ' 32 or 3S Caliber, «3. 75
Revolver s^^'^ss" ;
»»V.T VI f Vl' Ou w. Fishing Tackli
«nd Sportins Goods.
Send for Cataioeue.
/ ¦ ____¦ :_
f ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
. ¦ ;.
The World's |
Cure for |
EONSTIPATION
IMMEDIATELY ||
up o n r
ARISING I
Drink One-Kalf y
" Tttmblerful of B
Natural Laxative Mineral Water. ij
When b-u-ying be sure i|
and ask for ! j
Hunyadi JANOS |
(FULL NAME). fj
If you. ' asK simply for H
Hunradi W&teryou I
may be imposed upon. ||
Varicocele
~gl^S~~~ "A Painless
u^^t \1 treatment for Va-
V\ft«i Ci«J ricpcele . Is . pain-
¦ Tsi^jHu . 2SBfcL .' less. It la not the
TQ 'VjOtt^^^gajIM old-fashioned ami
1 ' '. harsh . process ot
k surgery, but the
1^ — cure Is effected by
y\ ¦: : !>-" . I V,: mzld and gentle
'/' \ ' I \A > measures, and ttie
/Vv ' I ' -\ Patient, need not
/ ICV 1^** ' V'A ¦¦ *>« ¦ detaln«d from
/ rS' Wl- \|-J nI « business a
\ .Wr / single day.. My
/W cures are abso-
n n tost ttm "' \t t> - lately thorough
SSx : d p r, m . a t ne e n i;
— ¦ knotted and twist-
ed - veins are : restored to normal strength
and elasticity,. and the processes of waste
and repalr^are again established throughout
the organs affected. . The tendency of Vari-
cocele-when neglected is to ."constantly pro-
gress, and - the importance' of : a • thorough
cure cannot be too forcibly emphasized.
I thoroughly cure every ailment peculiar,
to men. Consultation Is free : at office rr by
mall. My pamphlet. .-'.'Live AH Tour Tears
a Man," is mailed free upon application.
DR. O. cTjOSLEN,
9 1049, Market; Street, ,
Diagonally Opposite Hibernia Bank.3 LOS : ANGELES, April 8. — Tho • first': of , the
Southern : Pacific's ;. weekty excursions " to - the
San ' Joaqulh >-Valley r.was " run • to-day, " seventy
passengers going up on the special car.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., April 9.— Fire
broke out in the business portion of Casey,
I1L. forty miles, west of Terre Haute, at
midnight. At 2 r o'clock this morning the
business portion of the. town on both sides
of Main street was almost completely de
stroyed. The^loss at thisvhour is esti
mated at $50,000. ; .
Fire Destroys Business Section.
NEW YORK, April S.-Mark Twain has
purchased the Captain Casey place at
Tarry town, consisting of a fine residence
and nineteen acres of ground, for $47,500.
He Intends to make It his permanent resi
dence. It Is one. of the most- beautiful
country seats along the Hudson; and Mr.
Clemens is expected to move there
shortly.
Mark Twain's Purchase.
VANVOUVER, - B.. ; C, April 8.— There
wasTa' sudden/: change' to-day from "the
balmy spring weather which has been pre
vailing in-Western British Columbia. Fol
lowing'a'severe electric storm this morn
ing there . wasia 1 steady downfall of 'snow
and now. the snow is four, inches'deep on
the city streets.- ¦ .. ¦ '. ¦ -,-
the ' family at - Fleshington i announced it
self." James- McNea, 'the eldest son, then
canruTto Oakland and made the deposition
tha t< was read to-day. . • . ;
:-. The; contest was made In behalf of nieces
and -nephews . of t McNea in ; Ireland, f but
the children coming, in -first, '.they were
a war ded : the ¦ estate. i TaZBEX83tmt&
Snow Falls in Vancouver.
WASHINGTON, April 8.— Secretary
Root, after consultation 'with the Treas
ury authorities, has issued Instructions to
Acting Civil Governor* Luke Wright of
the Philippine Islands" to give the effect
to that part of the Philippine tariff act
which provides for a rebate of the export
duties on goods shipped from the Phil
ippines into the United States.
Provides for Rebate.
Noisy , Car Awakens Alamedans.
ALAMEDA, - April 8.— Residents along
the San Jose avenue branch of the Tran
sit . Company's lino- have petitioned the
City Trustees to prevail upon the corpora
tion to remove car No.' 26, now operating
on i that line, • to some other part of the
earth, and thereby, prolong the lives of
the petitioners, who claim . that the car
is a noisy rattletrap -and awakens .the
neighborhood.. The complaint will beJaid
before the transit management : by^the
City Clerk. • ¦ *
Carnegie Check for Alameda.
ALAMEDA, April 8.— Andrew Carnegie
has forwarded to the Board of Free Li
brary Trustees his check for $5000, tho
first' installment on his grift of $35,000 to
this city for a new building for Its li
brary. Another call for bids for the con
struction of the "building wiir.be pub
lished. " .Of the thirty-two bids opened last
night not one was within the maximum
cost of the building— $30,000. The lowest
bid submitted waa 139,500.
Gets Confession by Telephone.
OAKLAND, April S.-rW. Coffman. wio
chaiges J. Ruppert with stealing a violin
frcm him, testified in the Police . Court
to-day that Ruppert had confessed . to
him by telephone that he had removed
the lnstrximent from Coffman's* room.
Ruppert had. pledged the violin -to hl3
accuser for a loan. After receiving the
nit-ssage Coffman caused Ruppert's ar
rest. The case has not been concluded.
Mrs. Martha Williams Dies.
The sad news has reached this city" tha:
Mrs." Martha -J. .Williams -passed away at
Newman on-. Monday. She was 71 years
ofage i.nd a native of Missouri. * She ia
the mother of F.-W." Williams and J. M.
Williams, two of 'the- most popular and
¦well- known- mining men of this State
The funeral takes place to-day at New
man. ; •£flSHHUlMM!lMr " *'
Lecture on Cathedrals.
OAKLAND. April 8.— Professor J. B.
McChesney. formerly principal of- tha
Oakland High School, will deliver a lec
ture upon "The History and Architecture
of English Cathedrals." The lecture wilt
take place • on ¦ Friday evening at Hamil
ton"; Ball and will be for the benefit of
the athletic 'association of "tha* High
School.
*. 'Licensed to Marry.
• OAKLAND,. April 8.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to George ¦ W. Woolf
Jr., aged over 21. and Belle L. Wood,
over 18, both of Alameda; -Mathias Sten
sel. over 21. and Emelie Sassman. over
18. both of Oakland; Hans Worthersen,
43, San Francisco, and Jenney-P. Jorgen
sen.i 25, : Oakland: Samuel: Huston, --V26,
Idaho, and Ivah I. Warring," 19, Oakland.
LONDON, April 9.— According to. the St.
Petersburg, correspondent of < the .-.- Daily
Express, the students - confined in* Butyr
ski prison, Moscow; set" fire to the prison
and attempted to frustrate the efforts of
the firemen to -extinguish the flames;
Troops were summoned 'and put an end
to the ' trouble. • The. offending : students
were afterward severely, beaten by the
police. ' .
Students ..Try to ; Burn Prison.
MURPHYS, April 8.-James Glass of
Douglas Flat, his two sons, a daughter
and a visitor named Rocco were poisoned
yesterday by eating "toadstools." • Glass,
his daughter and Rocco were not-expect
ed to live this morning, but they im
proved this evening."
Poison in the "Toadstools."
OAKLAND, April 8.— Mrs. Elizabeth C.
Maxwell, widow of the late Olney B.
Maxwell, died 'this morning at the resi
dence of her son-in-law, Henry C. Taft.
at 1363 Harrison street. She had reached
the age of 77 years and as she had been
ill for some lime death was not unex
pected. She -was the mother of Mrs. H.
C. Taft of this city and of Mrs. George
A. > Sweet of.Dansville. N. Y. The, re
mains will be forwarded to her old horns
at--DariSVllle for- interment. ¦
Death of Mrs. Elizabeth C. Maxwell.
OAKLAND, April 8.-Public schoolteach
ers who are attending the county Insti
tute were guests to-day at the schools
of Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley, In
cluding the University oi California and
the 'State Deaf and Dumb and Blind In
stitution at Berkeley. The institute pro
gramme for ¦ to-morrow Includes a morn
ing session on high schools, which will
be in charge of Dr. John Gamble of Hay
wards. W. J. Connell of. Llvermore and
Fred Llddeke of Centerville. During the
afternoon the general study course and
special work in arithmetic will be con
sidered.
Teachers Inspect Schools.
For Submarine Boats.' (
WASHINGTON. April G.-The House
Committee on Naval Affairs . to-day
adopted a resolution to incorporate any
provision for submarine boats in this
year's naval appropriation bill. The vote
on the resolution against appropriating
for submarine boats this year was 9 to 3,
Bull. Roberts and Rixey voting In the
OAKLAND, April 8.— A committee rep
resenting the A. O. U. W. lodges of ths
city held a meeting in A. O. U. W. Hail
this evening to complete arrangements for
the reception that will be tendered A. C.
Hardwick; supreme master workman,
next Monday evening. An elaborate pro
gramme, including, speaking, an enter
tainment and banquet, was dotermine<1
upon in honor of the visiting officer. Ev
ery-lodge In. Oakland is expected to send
large delegations to welcome him.
Workmen Prepare Grand;- Reception.
:.'>-* Johnston r. said this with »a determina
tion that -left .no " doubt : that .he -.would
persist in making] away with his life. Ho
showed hl3 fortitude when suffering fr«>m
the -operation, on 'his wrist. 'for -although
he winced-he never,. uttered a cry.- There
were i twelve gaping wounds. In -the t nesn
that 1 : had .to foe "brought with
stitches, the : result of • a continuous hack
ing, with:, instruments without "edges. •
•Johr.stoni said he i was 'married to his
wife '. thirty-three < years ago in : Baltimore,
and" that; they 'had* lived together, peace
ably , until misfortune . overtook : them.
They came to Oakland; twenty-three years
ago,, and:" he has been doing odd jobs as
a; gardener. . She* has been ; working; late
ly^-at house-cleaning,- but, could -not- get
enough to: support herself and husband." •-..*
l"I don't want to, live; I have nothing to
live : for.'." L intend totry some other way
that-.wiU'be.: easier this time." _
. "I stood It as long as I could, but death
would not come, and I h*d to give up to
day. I \ guess' I didn't cut deep enough
into my wrist.".; .„-..'-', : :
. ."Are you etlll determined to kill your
self?" was asked . . •.'.¦-.
"Mrs. Tateman," the landlady, came in
two or three. times, to see me, but- 1 con
cealed my hand,' so she did not know what
I had 'done. She didn't offer me food be
cause she' didn't know I was hungry. My
wife didn't' come ;near: me. - ,' . . ,¦
; '.'I waa In; the greatest ' despair !< Sunday,
and > I : made up my mind to end it .• right
there. : I, took two knives and a pair of
shears that I used whtn I ;was able to do
gardening .workr and chopped my wrlat.
I thought 7 1 could bleed to , death that
way. v Then I lay- down -on my bed and
held, my. wrist over abucket so the blood
wouldn't soil the floor. • :. . , ;. :
"I haven't worked for a year. I' couldn't
have wprked If there had been any work
to do, because I've been too sick. My
wife got tired of me and wanted me to
leave. our old home at '1510 Broadway. I
didn't know; where to go or what to 'do.
so I decided to kill myself. I don't know
what -I've "eotx.to*llve for; I've had too
much? suffering forgone, man. - .
i'.j ; Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. . . . 1118 Broadway, ; April .8..
•Old and feeble," ill and hungry, deserted
by his wife, Alexander Johnston, aged t»
years, tried, to die last Sunday by hacking
his wrist In a. dozen places with' blunted
instruments. , He lacked the strength or
determination to carry out his -"desperate
intention, ' however, and this afternoon,
after bleeding v two days, he was " forced
to Inform the police of his failure.'- i-
The. old man told his story at the Re
ceiving Hospital while the. doctors were
sewing up ; the gaping wounds ' in his left
wrist. He, was so weak from hunger and
loss of blood that he. could. hardly- talk.
He explained why ]. he made - the. attempt
on his: life, r Johnston said: . I ;
The railroad hands'- commenced laying
a switch along Third' street, near Came
lia, to connect the California Ink Com
pany with : the main line. The tracks
passed in front of the home of D. F. Dug
gan -at 'Third.. and 'Camella and," in 'fact,
encroached. on the Duggan" sidewalk on
Third/street. ; Mrs. Duggan' warned the
section i foreman not ; to lay the rails . up
against her. home, but. he; heeded -.her; not
until she appeared on the scene with a re
volver,- and- then her commands ? *for the
workmen to desist : were : quickly obeyed.
During the -absence of -the protector of
the Duggan 'residence the rails- were
quickly laid and have since remained in
place. .:,•¦••• ~ r ¦' ~- : ''-'~- ¦-.'.; ; . - . . .-
BERKELEY, April 8.— The Southern
Pacilic section hands in West Berkeley
had their plans for laying a switch along
Third street temporarily, frustrated last
week by a determined woman and re
volver. Before the two the gang'of work
men was compelled to beat a hasty-*-re
treat, which might have ended in com
plete defeat- but -for- the absence; of the
lady in- question from the seat of war -at
a later date. .. - .i- ' ..
'. The Public Administrator-communica
ted with a. friend of .McNea's in Wash
ington and .that friend "wrote "letters . to
every . city and hamlet In Canada inquir
ing for the family..of the deceased. 'The
search " was • successful, ¦ for: in . a few da ys
During all this time he never communi
cated with his family. He was dead to
them and they v/eredead to him. ; In the
meantime his wife had passed away, and
one day four years ago^he died suddenly
on the streets of Oakland. . Nobody . knew
who he was or whence he came, so after
awhile he found a nameless grave in the
potter's fteld.. V •¦ ¦,:. ¦.
Four years passed before tho proprietor
of: the What Cheer House learned of- his
lodger's Meath. He 'recognized McNea
from a description funusned him, arid in
formed Public Administrator Hawes that
he had the dead man's bankbook showing
that McNea' had J2500 on deposit at tho
Hibernia Bank. ¦ =
: McNea first went to Washington; where
he made money out of Government tim
ber lands, and tried to increase his for
tune by investing in realty when- the
boom struck Puget Sound. ~ But he failed
utterly, and his little pile was swept
away. Then he went to San Francisco,
became a peddler and sold fruits ¦: and
vegetables to people on this side of tho
bay. He lived at the What Cheer House
in the city and stored his earnings in the
Hlbernia Bank.
'-. The McNeas lived on a ' farm' near
Fleshington, Canada. There were eleven
children born to them and some of them
were old enough in 1861-65 to help the
Union flght its battles , with \the South.
The head of the family yearned to come
to -California. He wanted to. sell, the
farm, but his consort was of an opposite
mind. She would never yield to the im
portunities to sign her name to a release
of the homestead. At last MqNea de
spaired of persuading her and one day
he disappeared. That day was the 15th of
November, : 1872— his . son remembers the
day because he began then to count' the
days when his father should retnrn.
The story of David McNea's wanderings
was . toiu m • a aeposmon mat was read
to-day in Judge Ellsworth's court, where
there was a contest going on for the
estate of the deceased. It is a strange
story that relates .how a. husband and
father 'was dead to his wife and children
lor more than thirty years, yet walked
among the living until death overtook him
a few years ago.
.Death has revealed to the children of
David McNea the final lodgment of the
father who wa3 a' truant from-home for a
third of a century. They have found his
body in the potter's neld of Alameda
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 8.
BERKELEY, April 8.— About 200 stu
dents of the University of California are
absent from, their classes on -account of
the recent order for wholesale vaccina
tion of collegians. Half : the 'number are
forced* to stay away by faculty edict be
cause they refused to be inoculated, and
the other half because they were inocu
lated. Much sickness was caused by the
vaccination and . the classes- have been
rapidly thinning out during the past few
days. Absences are particularly .notice
able in the cadet ranks, from which many
are excused each drill on account of swol
len aruis. -" 3NSBBM
Vaccination Thins Class Bolls.
SAN JOSE, April 8.— The committee ap
pointed by the Citizens" Convention held
last week rilled the vacancies in the ticket
to-night by nominating Joseph A. Belloli
Jr. for Clerk and Warren E. Blakeslee
for Treasurer. .-..-• -. ; ...
Uef orm Ticket Is Complete.
WASHINGTON, April 8.— Senator Pat
terson cf Colorado to-day presented a me
morial signed by over 300 American citi
zens residing in Hawaii, praying the en
actment of legislation completely exclud
ing Chinese and Japanese from any
American territory and providing -that all
labor of every description performed for
the Federal Government shall be done
only by citizens of the United States. The
petitioners say that 75 per cent of the
labor in Hawaii is performed by Orientals
to the exclusion of American labor, and
they call attention to the fact that 87 000
of the 150.000 ponnlatlnn of the islands are
from China and Japan.
Pray for American Labor.
Aged Alexander John
ston Tires of Unceas
ing Misfortune.
Mrs. D. P. Duggan Checks
a Section Gang in
1 r Berkeley.
David McNea's Children
Find His Body After
Thirty Years.
WOMAN'S PISTOL
STOPS WORKMEN
STOCKTON. April S.— Lewis McCuen,
an attendant £t the local asylum, was al T
most . killed to-day by a Chinese patient.
T.ho suddenly attacked McCuen and had |
Wm choked into insensibility; when other |
"trusties" came to the attendant's assist- j
ance. It required three men to restrain J
th<; wild Mongolian. MeCuen was bruised i
and badly used up wheri rescued.
Attacked~by Chinese Maniac.
HAYWARDS, April 8.— The committee
of the Town Trustees, consisting of Dr.
A. J. Powell, M. C. Peterson and Peter
J. Crosby, which has in hand an investi
gation of the accounts of Town Clerk
John Obermuller and Town Marshal W.
J. • Ramage, has postponed action until
Thursday night. Webb N. Pearce, an
expert accountant, has been overhauling
the. -books. No charges of dishonesty
have been made against the officers, but
Trustee Crosby has made accusations in
volving alleged irregularities in method*
of handling funds. Both Obermuller and
Ramage insist that politics = is behind
Crosby's move. The Clerk and the Mar
shal are candidates for re-election. < "
Postpones Report on Finances.
LONDON. April 8.— The list of honors
to be conferred upon the occasion of
King Edward's coronation will include a
dukedom for Lord Salisbury and peerages
for Sir Edward J. Poynter. the artist, and
William E. H. Lecky, the historian.
Salisbury to Be a Duke.
PARIS. April '8.^-The American cyclist,
Harry Elkes, while training to-day in the
Pare des Princess Velodrome, fell as he
was going at a rate of seventy kilometers
an hour. He was so badly hurt that he
had to be taken to a hospital.
Cyclist. Harry*. Elkes. Injured.
ILL AND FEEBLE,
HE TRIES TO DIE
Oakland Club, has accomplished great
good and every aid should be- given by
the public to carry on the good work.
tion school, which has become a. perma
nent Institution through the heroic efforts
and perseverance of the members of the
.-• WASHINGTON. April 8.— The United
States ' Supreme* Court to-day decided to
hear arguments on next- Monday upon the
application of the State of Washington to
take jurlsdictlon"inthe;case of .the Great
Northern and Northern Pacific merger.
Arguments on Merger.
¦>;i .-' : ¦-"¦• : ••:.'•.•... ¦• -\ ¦,.¦ ¦¦: . ..'• . . ; .. . ¦. . . : • ' • ¦
TALENTED WOMEN WHO WILL. CONTRIBUTE TO THE PROGRAMME
OF THE ENTERTAINMENT TO BE GIVENFOR THE BENEFIT. OF
THE VACATION SCHOOLS, AT OAKLAND UNITARIAN CHURCH.
WASHINGTON. April-^.—Quartermas
ter General Ludington" Is Informed of the
arrival of the transport Dix at 'Nagasaki
with freight from Seattle for the army in
the Philippines. The vessel was several
days overdue. ,
Dix Reaches' Nagasaki.
No changes- were made in the manage
ment of the company and there are nuuo
expected. . . ¦ : ;.
OAKLAND, 'April 8.— The Contra Costa
Water Company held its annual meetlhg
in San Francisco to-day and elected thtr
directors for the coming year. ,. v Tho3e
chosen are William J. Dingee. Alvinza
Hayward, C. C. Bemis, A.' W. Rose. E. J.
McCutchen, Thomas B. Pheby and A.
H. Winn. Later the directors met and
chose William J. Dingee, president; C. JZ.
Bemis.' vice president; Edward McGary,
secretary; Thomas E. .Hanson, assistant
secretary, and Arthur L. Adams, chief
engineer and general manager. '
General Manager Adams read a report
to the. stockholders, the details of which
were not given out, ' but which was said
to be highly satisfactory. •
vx> enfl work commenced oa the proposed i
branch as soon after .the incorporation '
cs it is possible to award the necessary !
contracts. This eitension will result in i
the connecting Hnk between the Burling- |
urn. Great Northern and Northern Pd- i
cine railroads.
BILLINGS, ilont.. April S.— The Billings
ana Northern Railroad Company will be
incorporated Sn this city May 12. TJie
rames of the incorporators are to be
G. W| Holdrege, J. G. Taylor. H. A. Al
lee. G. Ifi Loomis and H. B. Se^ur. all
C whom are well-known Burlington men.
The purpose of the. organization will be
t- construct, maintain and control a rail
read frori. Eillinjrs to Great Falls. The
ttivey made by ihe Burlington the past
xviriterr it is understood, will be taken
Billings to Great Falls.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE IS
AGAIN" CHOSEN PBESIDEKT
" CHICAGO, April 8."— Emma Eames,- the
singer, was taken suddenly lit. to-night
Physicians who. were summoned said Miss
Eames was ' suffering from ptomaine
poisoning. After two hours' treatment,
however, she recovered. The trouble w Is
attributed to fish that Miss Eames ate
for'dinner.- -^.i <¦¦- ...^ -j-.v's .mTK
Fish Poisons Emma Eames.
SAN JOSE, April 8— Martin Mesa died
at his home in Ea at San Jose to-day of
injuries received on the 23d of March. , In
an ante-mortem statement, he declared
that he was kicked and beaten by his
landlord, Miguel Gonzales, because he
could not pay. hi3 rent, and that these in
juries had caused his -condition.' -V-. ; ;:
Dying Man Accuses Landlord.
Cc!o;vel Duncan was one of the old-time
Southern gentlemen. Intellectually he
was regarded as a giant, a man of great
learning; and keen perception.. Born in
Kentucky Tie Inherited' great ".wealth two
peneratiens back- When the Civil War
broke oiit Colonel Duncan espoused- the
cause of the Confederacy. He was de-'
tailed to General Joseph E. Johnson's
Ftaff. Colonel Duncan was about T6 years
old. :••--. • -~-
LOS ANGELES, April 8.— Colonel Blan
ton Duncan, Southern political organizer
in the days before the war, schoolmate of
Jair.es G. Blaine, friend of Ben Butler
and the intimate of a long line of states
men, died in the Good Samaritan Hospital
jit 10 o'clock to-ni;jht.
geles Hospital.
Former Kentuckian Dies in Los An-
COLONEL BLANTON DTJNCAN.
LONDON, April 8.— Some of the Munster
Fusileers at the military station onr Rocky
Island, in Cork harbor, took possession of
and sacked a canteen.-- A patrol from Pike
Island proceeded to 'arrest them and. a
serious affray, ensued, during ;whiQh : four
of the Fusileers were wounded Is/ bayonet
thrusts..., . - A-'- - ..->.-.- . . « :••¦•
Munster Fusilcers in Trouble.
DEATH REVEALS
TRUANT FATHER
OAKLAND. April 8.— The concert to
be given Thursday evening at the
Unitarian Church for the benefit
of the vacation schools promises
to be an unusually interesting af- ;
fair. The programme is under the direc
tion of Mrs. Martin Schultz, the well
known singer, and she has been fortunate
in. securing the best talent available.
The numbers will consist of readings
and vocal and instrumental music. ......
Among those who will assist will be
Miss Maybelle Names, whose clever work
as a reader is already - well known in
Oakland. , Miss • Marjory Webber j of Ala
meda will, also' be heard! Miss Webber
is a lyric soprano and \has^ ; only. recently/
returned from- Germany, 'where' she was.
for three years'a* pupil of-Madame; Etelka.:'
Gerster..- This famous . singer., prophesies;
a splendid, future '. fari,Miss Webber, ¦, who
is soon;to return sto-Europie'.TiS resuiiterrher*
preparations for.: ths- operatic stage. -
Another singer in whom Oakland society
is much . interested ' and ; who > will make
her first public appearance in this city is
Mrs. Clarence J. Wetmore. The posses
sor of a rare contralto voice, Mrs. Wet
more has been much sought after, but not
until the present time has she been pre
vailed upon to sing in public. :\
The names of Miss Arrillago, a talented.;
pianist, and Frank Howard, the popular
'cello player, are also on the programme.
Miss Be3sie Murray, impersonator and
dramatic reader, has also consented . to
appear in the cause of charity. Miss Mur
ray is among the'recent arrivals in Oak
land and is said to be an unusually tal
ented and versatile reader. She is a grad
uate of the noted Cumnock School of Ora
tory Jn Illinois and also of Stanford Uni
versity.
The concert Thursday evening will bn
given under the auspices of tHe Oakland .
Club, and. that fact alone will insure its
financial and social success. The vaca-
SHREVEPORT, La., April 8.— During. a
severe wind and rain storm Sunday night
at Robinson plantation, twenty miles
frcm this city, a large. tree fell across the
rcof of the plantation church and the roof
collapsed, killing the minister and three
others. - ¦ . .
Falling Tree Causes Deaths.
Miss Grace A very, president 6f the Y.
W. C. A., presided at the meeting, and
the plans were presented by Miss Lillie
Janes and Miss Maude Lovejoy. Among
those present were: Mrs. B. I. Wheeler,
Mrs. L. J. Richardson, Mrs. .Martha E.
Hallldie,' Mrs. Warren Cheney, Mrs. War
ren Olney, Mrs. C. Day, Mrs. Lee, Mrs.
F. C. Turner,. Dr. Mary B. RItter, Miss
Bertha Conde, Mrs. A. V. Hathaway and
Dr. Sarah Shuey.
BERKELEY, April 8.— Some sixty
alumnae of the University of California
and ladies interested in the work of the
college Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation met this morning at the residence
of Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler to discuss
ways and means of raising funds to se
cure a permanent salaried secretary for
the association. The work of the organi
zation has grown to such proportions that
the step is deeemed necessary for its wel
fare. ... "
The" plan presented was for the employ
ment of a trained woman secretary from
the East, who should have charge of. the
many affairs of the local Christian so
ciety. No definite steps were taken and
another meeting will be held at a later
date.
Ladies Interested in University
Young Women's Christian As
sociation Meet to Aid It.
DISCUSS PROMOTION
OF CHRISTIAN WORK
. LONDON,"" April' 8.— The Pall Mall Ga
zette says that Justice Woodfall issued
an order to-'day for the committal to Hol
lowell Jail for twelve days of Elfie Fay,
the American comedienne, for defaulting
in the payment of a , judgment secured
against her. for debt; a disputed dress bill
of • a comparatively small amount. Miss
Fay ii now in Paris.'
Actress Must Go to Jail.
Washington— John W. Travis, Reardan,
and H. A. Denny, Medical Lake, vehicle
reach: Royal H. Wade. Elma, jeweler's
tool: Frank Wiggins. Tacoma, self-tight
ening key for pulleys. -
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Abraham W. Shuman, Bloom
ington, $s. Increase— Jacob Walter, . San
Francisco, $17; Jeremiah P. Worrall, San
Francisco, $S; Herman Haedrich, San
Francisco, $S; Raphael M. Smith, Vet
erans' Home, Napa, $10. Widows — Alice
O'Neil, Stockton, $fc; Kate Dannaker, Oak
land. *S. War with Spain— Helen M, Car
doza, mother, Sunol Glen, J12.
Oregon, original— Byron L. Guiles, Tua-
Htin, $5. Increase— James Carlile. Hale, $8;
Charles C. Bidwell, Union, $12. Widows-
Sarah S. Marquies, Eugene, $S: Sarah E.
Chambers, Portland, $S; Martha A.
Quales, Weatherby, $S.
Washington, increase — Thomas J. King,
Colville, $10. Widows— Ellen M. Bans. Ta
coma, ?S: ; '"''¦'':
A navy' order announces that Lieutenant
R. F. Lopez will go to the Pensacola naval
training .station. . .-—;.....
Army orders announce that Captain Ed
ward T . Gibson, assistant surgeonmow at
San Francisco,* is assigned to duty on a
transport there when a; vacancy shall oc
cur. First Lieutenant Conrad S. Bab
cock, Third Cavalry, will report May 13
to Colonel - Alfred . Mordecal. Ordnance
Department, Benicia Arsenal, for exam
ination for duty in .the Ordnance Depart
ment. Lieutenant Colonel Morris C.
Foote, Ninth Infantry, is assigned to duty
in the Department of California Until fur
ther orders.
These patents were issued to-day: Cali
fornia — Arthur J. Bolflng. San Francisco,
voting machine; Frank Bosch, Crescent
City, assignor one-half to W. P. Butler,
San Francisco, vehicie; Rufus H. Dorn,
Los Angeles, miter-box; Lizzie C. Graes
sle, hydrocarbon burner; William Hen
derson. Los Angeles, hydrant; John Hoey,
San Francisco; "wire bed bottom; Maynard
L. Howe. Stockton, self-feeder for thresh
ers; John Kriwanck, San Francisco, read
ing -stand; George H. Larktn. San Fran
cisco, vaporizer, mixer and regulator for
oil burners; George. H. Maxwell, Los An
geles, mechanical directory, etc.; same,
mechanical directory (50); same,' cabinet
directory; John W. Shaw, Berryessa,
washer fastener; Thomas C. Spelling, San
Francisco, truss; Cornelius Stout. Pomo
na, sugar paddle; George it. Tyler, Po
mona, compressed air water elevator;
Glenn T. -Willis and J. Portous; Fresno,
said Willis assignor to said Portous, har
row tooth fastening; same, cultivator;
Lewis T. Wright, Keswick, roasting fur
nace.
Oregon— Eugene Burke, Lakeview, pen
cil sharpener.
WASHINGTON, April 8.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postoffiees discontinued April 30—
California— Amago, San Diego County,
mail to Nellie; Merrlmac, Butte County,
mail to Brush Creek. Postmasters com
missioned—California—Francis J. Maguire,
Santa Barbara; Henry S. Ellis, Crows
Landing; Samuel H. Fairchild, Johannes
burg; Elizabeth Gowan, Shelter Cove.
Postmasters appointed — Washington —
Owen Taylor, teiida, Clark County, vice
M. E. Mclrwin. resigned. Additional
rural free delivery service will be estab^
lished June 2 at Ventura, Cal., with one
carrier. •-
and Pensions and Patents
Issued. ;
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE ~,
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
FRESNO, April 8.— A new county cen
tral committee of the Populist party of
Kings County was . organized to-day in
Hanford, with Major T. -J. McQulddy as
chairman. Kings County will send a full
delegation to the State Convention in San
Francisco in June. " Kings County Popu
lists are all in the middle of the road and
will have* no more of fusion.
Kings County Populists Organize.
He was attended in his last illness by
Dr. James W. Moliere. who was his phy
sician for almost fifty years.
Holland Smith, who for many years
was a postmaster and a notary public of
this city, passed away at his resi
dence, 1606 Washington street, after mid
night last night. Death was diXe to heart
failure brought on by acute
from which the deceased had' suffered for
a long time. Mr.' Smith was about oS
years of age. His wife survives him. Tho
deceased was widely known In this city
and was deemed a man of good business
ability. Mr. Smith had accumulated con
siderable property.
City, Where He Was a Post
master and Notary.
Deceased Was. Well Known in This
HOLLAND SMITH DIES
AFTER LONG ILLNESS
The Onion Valley House has been con
ducted as a country stopping place by
Mrs. Reese and Mrs. Hohn, two widows,
who were sisters. . Some , evenings ago,
Samuel Jones, who mines in .the vicinity
of Quincy,. and whose family resides in
the town, rode up to the Onion Valley
House and there met a party of men.
The party began drinking. Mrs. ' Reese
served them and finally joined in. At
length ail left except Jones, Paddy O'Don
nell and Thomas Simmons. These men
continued drinking all r.ight.
In the morning the liquor was about
exhausted. 'when a bottle of alcohol was
brought into service. After several
rounds J«nes and O'Donnell went home.
Jones reached his house, but he there fell
unconscious and died a few hours later.
At r.oon Simmons went to.find Mrs. Reese
and found her prostrate. She died an
hour afterward. O'Donrell was.takenill
and Simmon* also. The two latter are re
ported yet in danger.
The Coroner went to the Onion Valley
House and found that the. alcohol drunk
was used by painters there and marked
"Wocd alcohol, poison." but the drinkers
had not heeded. ' ?V',i/j
REDDING, April 8.— From Onion Val
ley, near Quincy, in Plumas County,
comes a story of the prostration of four
persons through drinking wood alcohol,
two of them dying in a few hours and the
two others lingering now at the point of
death. ' . - .-..'.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Instructions have been sent to United
States • Minister Bowen at Caracas to see
to it that the interests, of the Bermudez
Company are protected anC that the com
pany does not suffer from irregular prac
tices in the Venezuelan courts.
Information of the reported firing upon
the ship also came from the United States
Consul at Port of Spain. It was not
stated what side did the firing.
WASHINGTON. April 8.— A cablegram
has-been received at the State Depart
ment, from Minister Bowen at .Caracas,
stating that he has been informed that
a Bermudez, steamer. (by which it is sup
posed he mean3 one of the freight carriers
belonging ' to the National Asphalt Com
pany) has been fired upon on the river
San Juan. Minister Bowen. said that he
had asked for an explanation at the For
eign Office and had been told that the
Government knew nothins of the firing
upon the ship, which was probably done
bv revolutionists. =
PORT OF SPAIN, island' of Trinidad.
April 8.— Three members of the Venezu
elan revolutionary committee have lett
this port for the island of Martinique to
take , possession of a new steamer of 5500
tons, ' purchased by General Matos, the
revolutionary, leader, and christened Guz
man Blanco. ... -.: ¦-:•:,; x
Major Horace Bell, who is commonly
supposed to be engineering the Shafter
boctn, said that General Shafter had let
it be known that he would accept the
semination 'or Governor under certain
conditions. What these conditions . arc
could not be ascertained.
LOS ANGELES. April fc.— There seems
to be little foundation for the story sent
cut from Los Angeles making the state
ment that ilaior General W. R. Shafter
(retired) Is a candidate for Governor.
Colonel Daubenspeck. president of the
Airoy. and Navy League Club, said to
night that while General Shafter' s name
had been mentioned at an informal meet
ir>s cf the Army and Navy League's
lcrly-four delegates to the San Jose con
vention, there had been absolutely no
action taken. In fact, said Colonel Daub
er-jbpeck. the matter was not given seri
ous thought-
When his attention was called to the
provision in the constitution of the State
to the effect that a retired army officer,
if elected to a State office, would be
obliged to resign from the army and the
I>ay rcll as such retired omcer General
rihafter said that he would not withdraw
Irom his position to accept the Governor
ship.
"So," he said again as he was about
to join his party awaiting him, "my name
will not be given out as a candidate or a
probable candidate for the office."
"Many of my army friends would be
glad to see me in the gubernatorial chair,
but 1 must disappoint them. I have no
reason to believe that I would be suc
cessful should 1 consent to be a candi
date, for while my army friends ¦¦ are
stanch their numbers are such that their
efforts In my behalf might not carry the
l>oira which some of them have seemed
determined to put to the test."
"1 have no intention of trying for the
office or the nomination." he said this
evening. "This has all come about
through a letter written to me by one of
my old army friends stating that I was
talked of as a candidate for the nomina
tion. While I appreciate the kindness of
my friends I can state positively that my
name will not be used in the list of prob
able nominees, nor will I try to obtain the
nomination or permit my name to be pre
sented.
BAKERSFIELD, April 8.— Accompanied
by his daughter General Shafter departed
this evening on a northbound Southern
Pacific train for San Francisco, presum
ably lo take a peep into the" political slt
uatjon. He has been requested by his
friends to announce himself as a candi
date for the nomination for Governor on
the Republican ticket.
Frecial Dispatch to The Call.
Covert had nearly $200 in gold and two
watches on ' his person. The couple, who
had just arrived from Chicago, had three
trunks and two valises.
-A few days ago Covert called at the
home of S. R. Howe, a wealthy mine
owner, who had recently returned to Chi
cago from Alaska, where he has consid
erable property. Howe brought with him
from Alaska many untanned skins, seal,
ottoi and mink, which he presented to his
invalid .wife. During Howe's temporary
absence from home Covert presented
himself at the house as a secret service
detective and after securing $1000 worth
of furs, made his escape. The police were
notified, but Covert got away and was not
heard of until hfa arrest last evening. It
is supposed by the police that the trunks,
which have not yet been examined, con
tain the stolen property.
H. W. Covert was arrested by De
tectives Ryan and O'Dea at a Bush-street
lodging-house last night on a telegraph
warrant from Chicago charging him with
grand larceny. A woman wno claimed to
be his wife insisted on accompanying him
to the Hall of Justice, where both ara
now being held.
Reported" Firing Up-n. an
American Vessel Is
Being Investigated.
Two Lose Their Lives and
the Others 'May Not
Recover.
Asserts Emphatically That
His Name Will Not Go
Before Convention.
— -¦
Flee3 to San Francisco and.
Falls Into the Hands of
the. Officers.
and Eiude3 Chicago
Police.
H. W. Covert Steals Furs
Venezuelan Insurgents
Prepare for More
: Sea Fighting.
Four Plumas County
Residents Drink Wood
Alcohol.
Retired Warrior Denies
That He Seeks the
Grovernorstiip. y
REBELS BUY
NEW STEAMER
ROBS WEALTHY
ALASKAN MINER
GENERAL SHAFTER
NOT A CANDIDATE
DEATH CLOSES
THE DEBAUCH
Concert to Be-^jSiyen Thursday Evening at Unitarian Church Prpm
ises' to Be "Unusually^ Interestm^^ Consist of
¦ Readings an5 Vocal and; Instrumental Music, All of Fine Quality
HIGH-CLASS TALENT IS SECURED
FOR VACATI0N
THE -SAN FRANCISCO GAEL^ WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9, 1902,
S
9
POSTTJM: CEREAIfc
"The facts are the girl was being actual-
ly poisoned to death by coffee. ' Cora haa
since married and has a happy home and
you may depend upon it no coffee is al-
lowed to enter there." Name given by
Postuin Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
"I went to see her again In about ten
days and Cora met me at at the door vith
a smile and said: 'Ada, your doctor, Pos-
tum, is the best doctor of them all. I can
Bleep ail night, can eat heartily and am
growing stronger every day. Ma and all
the rest of us use Posturn now in the
place of coffee.'
• '•! asked Cora if she was improving any.
She taid not. but was gradually growing
worse. The doctor was coming twice a
day and giving her a powerful nervine.
She £aid: "I am so miserable that I 'tell
you privately If I don't get better soon I
will end it all myself some day.'. I told
her not to talk that way, for I believed
It was somethinsr she ate or drank that
caused the trouble and she might . get
well by making a change In her diet. I
told her my cwn experience in leaving oft
cofff-e when I was In almost as bad a
the.pe as she, but as soon as I mentioned
coffee I had a fight on my hands, for ehe
insisted that coffee helped her and her
mother backed her In it, saying that it
was 'the only thing she did enjoy' and
¦•she did not believe coffee hurt any one.'
'•I talked with them a long time and
finally ect Cora to agree to let me make
a cup of PoBtum Food Coffee for her
cupper. She was surprised that it was so
good. Said the. 'Had heard It was ter-
rible wishy-washy stuff.' I told -her it
was because they did not follow directions
In boiling it enough. She promised to use
it faithfully for two or three weeks and
If she was not better I would admit that
I was wrong. . . . ¦
"At least seventy-five people among
my acquaintances have been helDed or
cured by leaving off coffee and using Pos-
tum Food Coffee in its place," writes a
Utt'e woman from Independence, Iowa.
"I will mention one case: Miss Cora — -.
I learned she was suffering from nervous-
ness and constipation and went to call on
her. Found her In bed and she looked like
a living Bkelaton. so' wild ar.d haggard
that I feared for her reason.
When You Tell People to Quit Coffee.
A FIGHT ONTO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1 0.
United States . Coast . and Geodetic Survey —
t -.; Times and Helghts-^of Highr and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance' to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
¦ thorlty of the Superintendent.
¦ NOTE — The high and' lew waters occur 7 at
the city front. (Mission-street .wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of ¦ tide - is the same* at both places.
Sun, -. Moon and Tide.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. . April 7— Nor ship Albania, from
Oregon, arrived at Antwerp April 5 and reports
March 15. l«t 3.8, Ion 32 "W — Br bark Prin
cipality, hence Dec 24, for Queenstown.:
Per r.ilot boat Pathfinder, April 7. 10 p m,
off F«rs!lones — Br ehio I/evernbank. from
Santa Uosalia.- waiting for orders. •
' Tuesday, April 8.
" Sfrnr Mandalay, Batchelder, Coqullle River
Stmr Aztee, Trask, Tacoma. :
Stmr AVashtenaw, Harding. Tacoma.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmn^Santa Cruz, Nicolnon. San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Monica," Olsen. Santa Barbara.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, Albion;
etmr Celia. Hocan. .
Er nrror Gaelic. Finch, Hongkong, etc. ''v -if
Tug Relief. Silovich; cruise • In search of
abandoned Br -shin Frankistan.'
Barge Santa Paula, -McGovern,' Ventura.
Br 6hlD Deehmont," Elston, Queenstown.'
Br uMp Benlarig, Mencke. . Queenstown.
Br rhip Rahane, • Scott, Queenstown.", *. ;
Bark Balclutba. Bremer.A Loring.
:.;»...--^ spoken. v ¦ •
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 8.
Stmr Aztec. Trask. Tacoma; Pacific ¦ Mall
Steamship Co.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong, Yokoha
ma. Honolulu and Manila; O & O SS Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diego; Goodall, Perkins. & Co.,
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Comox* It
Dunsmuir'a Sons Co.
G*r shin Willkommen, Freeze, Grimsby; L
Ksuiffman.
Br chip Rahane, Scott, Queenstown; G W
McNear.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April 8.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 71 hours from Cocs
Stmr l'Jeiades, Purrlngton. 4 days from Se
attle. \ .
Stmr Eureka, Jcssen, 32 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Ana, Anderson, 4 days 12 hours
from Seattle.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 88 • hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr HomiT. Donaldson. 38 hours " from
Trinidad; up river direct.'
Stmr Crescent City. Payne. 43 hours from
Crescent City. '-
Br stmr Colombia, Heath, 44 days from Val
paraifo ¦ and way ports.
Br ehlp Lydgate, Jones, 64 days from Tocc
pllla.
Fr bark Saint RoKatlen, Armeau, 144 days
from Swansea.
Bktn Gco C Perkins, Jensen. 7 days from
Eureka.
Shipping- Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The body of Howard Siddons. a lC-year
old boy. was recovered from the bay near
Spear-street wharf yesterday afternoon.
Siddons was employed on the gasoline
sloop Caroline, which made trips between
San Fiancisco and Black Diamond in the
freight business. A week ago last Thurs .
day at about s 9 o'clock in the morning,
while the Caroline was at Jackson-street
wharf, Siddons disappeared. Two boy ac
quaintances informed Deputy Coroner
Meehan that Siddons had fallen over
board, but they denied that they had seen
the accident. Siddons' parents reside at
1J1S Railroad avenue. -
Howard Siddons' Body Found.
The Rahane carried 24,000 ft lumber as dun
nage, valued at $360. and the ¦Willkommen
17,000 ft, valued at $255.
The German ship Willkommen, which cleared
yesterday for Grimsby, England, carried 9030
ctls wheat, valued at 9480, and 47,307 ctls bar
ley, valued at $47,367. ¦
The British ship Rahane vuls cleared yester
day for Queenstowti for orders, with 11,250 ctls
wheat, valued at $12,400, and 45,008 ctls barley
valued at $45,100. .*'
Shipments of Grain.
ilendocino - coast. She was - tied up at the
moorings near the end of the lumber chute
when the storm broke. So suddenly did the
galfe *pnng up that those on board the Aesasl
were unable to get her clear of the moorings.
Kisks Mill is a bad place in heavy weather,
and when storms threaten vessels usually run
tor ;he open sea. Sunday night'6 storm "broke
v.ithout warning, and those aboard had all they
could do to save their lives. . They reached
fc-no*« by climbing along the lumber chute and
abandoned the schooner to her fate. She was
torn frr.m her moorings, drixen on the beach
and before morning had become a total wreck.
The Archie and Fontie was built at Benicia
in ltsao and was owned by H. A. Richardson of
this- city. Her net tonnage was C1.26. She was
7<15 feet long. T5.5 feet beam and U.3 feet deep.
Ehe was commanded by Captain Skipper.
The trim little lumber schooner Archie. and
Fontie was driven ashore and totally wrecked
in Sunday night's stoi-m at Flsks Mil!, on the
Archie and Fontie a Wreck.
To East Indies— 371 cs canned salmon. 78 cs
canned vegetables. 105 cs canned fruit, 1 ¦ cs
wine, 100 lbs dried fruit.
To Korea — 0010 lbs tobacco. 15 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 5 pkgs hardware.
To Vladivostok— 87 pkgs agricultural imple
ments and machinery, 2 pkgs wagon material.
To Japan — 750 bbls flour, 450,101 lbs cotton.
357 pkgs bicycles • and sundries, 28 cs canned
goods, 5000 lbs dried fruit, 14 cs drugs, 13 pkgs
electrical supplies, 2S3 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 55 bales hose, 132 bales leather 15
pk*s machinery, 113 lbs millstuffs, 10,330 lbs
rcalt, 5C00 lbs oleomargarine, 1258 pkgs naval
etores, IS C9 rubber goods, 25 cs soap, 3000 lbs
sugar, 20C5 lbs seed, 11.456 lbs tan bark 003
bdls wire shorts, « cs 1435 gals wine.
To Manila— 22,245 lbs ham and bacon. 13.300
lbs meals, 600 lbs lard, 19.7S5 lbs codfish 20
bbls flour. 1CCO crates potatoes, 4180 cs assort
ed canned goods, 0177 cs canned salmon 2000
lbs beans, 50 cs honey, 211 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 260 csks bottled beer, 10 cs soap
500 lbs tobacco. 203 pkgs naval stores. 13 pkgs
drugs. 13 cs shoes, 24 pkgs machinery, 62 pkgs
electrical material, 11 cs clocks, 36 pkgs dry
goods, 5 pkgs automobile parts, 4 cs hats 94
pkgs plumbing material, 31 cs rubber goods
t>3 pkgs stationery. . . •
The steamer Gaelic sailed ! yesterday for
China. Japan and Manila with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $212,312. manifested
and destined as follows: For China, $22,840;
Japan. $SS.75O; Manila, $88,617; East Indies,
$1908;. Korea, $2162; Vladivostok, $8035. The
lollowing were the principal ehipments:
To China— 2510 bbls flour, «t500 lbs abalone
meat, 75 csks bottled beer, 8 pkgs bath tubs,
1344 lbs chocolate. 2CS cs canned goods, 972 lbs
cheese, 1 cs dry goods, 12 cs drugs, 10 btt fresh
fruit. 702 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1014
lbs ivory, 3 bales leather, S300 lbs pearl barley
750 cs canned talmon. 500 lbs salt fish. 11 675
lbs dried thrimpe, 4C50 lbs yellow metal. 170
gain whisky. - -
Merchandise for the Orient.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The tark Kaiulanl will load general cargo
here for Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Reid. Mr. and Mrs.
Mitchell and two daughters, E. B. Merrish,
Mr. and Mrs. 12. A. Greve,. L. V. Porta, C. de
Munt. Mrs. F. Alars, J. L. Curletti. Mrs. Ali
cia liowell. M. Jones. O. F. Roberts. Mrs. C.
Hobledo. Mr*=. S. E. Faraday and two children.
Mrs. Al'ce Veers. J. Hope. J. Leoport. <Ur. and
Mrs. Stewart and two children, J. H. Stark,
Miss E. Stark, Mrs. J. R. Ncrris, R. B. Clark,
P.. J. Conn, iilrs. J. J. Barillas and child.
The steamship Colombia of the Pacific Steam
Navigation Company arrived yesterday from
Valparaiso with a large South American cargo
and a number of passengers. She was three
days late in leaving Valparaiso and lost eight
days on the trip up the coast owing to the
large amount of freight she was obliged to
handle at the various way ports. She left
Panama March 16, and, although everything
was quiet at the isthmus, early trouble was
expected. The insurgent fleet tried to enter
Panama harbor on the night of the 14th, but
was picked tip by the French cruiser Protet'3
searchlight and obliged to withdraw. The
Pacific Steam Navigation Company's Toboga
is at present tied up. The insurgents' Inten
tion to seize her was communicated to the
commander of the British warship Amphion.
Ten of the Amphion's marines were put aboard
the steanuihiij and the insurgent plans were
not carried out. J. W.' Peters, the formtr
purser of the Colombia, and the commodore
purser of the line, has retired after thirty
years' service. His successor on the Colombia
is L. F. Kerr. The Colombia encountered fine
weather through the trip. She brought pas
sengers as follows:
Colombia Arrives From Valparaiso.
The British ship Indravelli. from Oregon, is
reported ct the Merchants' Exchange as hav
ing been in collision at Yokohama with the
Japanese steamship Yechlgo Maru. Both vessels
were slightly damaged.
British Ship In Collision.
The British ship Leverbank, from Santa Ro
salia, arrived off the port at 10 o'clock Monday
night and remained outside awaiting orders.
The Merchants' Exchange reported her arrival
to her agents and yesterday the Leverbank
was ordered to Tacoma.
Leverbank Is Ordered to Tacoma.
The burned out hull of the British ship
Frankistan is still afloat and is now wallowing
about in the track of coasting: vessels, a men
ace to navigation. The barkentine G. C. Per
kins, which arrived yesterday from Eureka, re
ports that on April 5 in 39 00. north and 126 a
west she passed what the flre left of the Fran
kistan. Her rigging and masts were gone and
all the woodwork but the bowsprit had been
burned a\vay ; The hull was standing out of
the water about eighteen feet. The. wind was
south-southeast and the sea choppy. The tug
Relief, Captain John Silovich, was yesterday
dispatcned in search of the derelict. If unable
to get a line on her. Captain Silovich will
scuttle the ship.
Frankistan Menaces Navigation.
When Brandt arrived at the firm's office
at the corner of Beale and Bryant streets
with his necessary legal documents, he
saw Charles K. Dugan, secretary of the
Crescent City Transportation Company,
in the act of handing a check for $S»25 to
the firm's bookkeeper. The check was
drawn in payment for certain shares of
the transportation company, which ha a
been transferred by Preston &. McKm
non. As soon as Brandt's eagle eye per
ceived the check, he garnisheed It on bo
half of Mrs. Wall, much to the chagrin
of the bookkeeper.
Deputy Sheriff Brandt was just in the
nick of time yesterday when he served a.
writ of attachment on the lumber firm
of Preston & McKinnon. .The attachment
was levied at the instance of Mrs. Mar
garet J. Wall, who had sued the firm for
the sum of J7TS6 S5, alleged to be due her
on a promissory note.
Deputy Sheriff Serves Writ of At-
tachment on Lumber Firm of
Preston & McEinnon.
JUST II* TIME TO
GABNISHEE BIG CHECK
Mr. McKinlay said that the men could
not have been indicted for refusing to
obey orders, because the only punishment
provided for that offense is confinement
by the master on board the vessel on a
bread and water diet, hence they were
indicted for conspiracy.
They -xere defended by 1'oUco Commis
sioner llutton and >'. C. West, the prose
cution being conducted by Second Assist
ant United States district Attorney Dun
can E. McKinlay. The jury after having
been out for fifteen minutes returned a
verdict of not guilty, the prosecution,
while establishing the fact that 'the de
fendants refused to go to work when
ordered to do so by the first mate, failed
to show that the men had entered into a.
conspiracy tor that purpose.
The men, Charles Pickett, Fred D. Rob
ertson. Patrick O. Dwyer and Christopher
Arnstod, with three others who were not
prosecuted, refused to obey an order
given by First Mate Walter Larsen on
.November 19, while the Reaper was lying
in the harbor of Manila. The order was to
removt some scantling from the top of
«..e cabin. While it aid not come out on
the trial, the fact was that the men did
not want to perform what they deemed
to be stevedores' work, and a principle
of labor unionism was the corner stone
of their refusal.
Four sailors from the American bark
Reaper were placed on trial before a jury
yesterday in the United States District
Court on a charge of having conspired to
c.isobey the commands of the masier and
mates.
Prosecution Fails to Show
That They Engaged ia a
Conspiracy.
Refuse to Obey Orders of
the First Mate While
in Manila.
Japan. The Gaelic is the second
of the trans-Pacific liners to include Ma
nila in her itinerary and she carried ti
consignment of freight for the Philippine
port valued at $88,617. She j also "took
»S5,S79 in gold and silver.
She carried over fifty saloon passengers
and a large number of Chinese in the
steerage. .. ,
Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans, accom
panied by Mrs. Evans, Miss Evans and
their son. Ensign F. T. Evans and Mrs.
F. T. Evans, were passengers on the
steamship. A number of navy people were
down at the dock to bid the admiral
goodby. Admiral Evans boarded the ves
sel that is carrying him to his new com
mand nearly an hour before sailing time,
but did not show himself to the crowd on
the dock until shortly before the lines
were cast off. While the populace was
craning its neck and asking "which
one?" Fighting Bob and Admiral Glass
were curled up on deck chairs in a se
cluded part of the upper deck burning
black cigars and discussing Prince Henry.
The passengers were:
For Yokohama — J. O. Averill, C. B. Bernard,
Stanley Bernard, F. J. Blake. Lieutenant F.
L. Chapln, J. C Donaldson-Sim, Rear Admiral
Robley D. Evans, Mrs. Robley D. Evans, En
sign F. T. Evans, Mrs. F. T. Evans. Miss V.
Evans, Commander U. R. Harris, Mrs. U.
R. Harris. J. I. Jacob, M. H. Peck, Mr. and
Mrs. A. H. Rosengarten. Mr. and Mrs. C.
Saito. child and nurse: H. C. Smith. Miss D.
N. Naylor, Lieutenant T. Washington.
For Kobe — W. Hohmeyer, Miss C. L. Liv
ingstone. L. E. Phlpps. J. C. Rane.
For Shanghai — Clarence Carey, G. B. Wilson,
Mrs. G. B. Wilson.
For Manila — D. W. Burchard, Mrs. Joseph
Law, Mr. and Mrs. John Gibson, J. H. Per
rilard.
For Nagasaki—A. B. Palmer, Consul F.
Reinsdorf. Mrs. T. J. Thompson.
For Hongkong— Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Boyd,
Mrs. W. Burdette. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Glea
son. Miss G. Harsrls, Mrs. M. Hempstead, Miss
A. V. Palmer, William Schellhaas, Miss H. C.
Simpson.
From Honolulu — W. H. Donahue, Mrs. W.
H. Donahue. Miss Lillie Harris, S. D. Poole.
The Liner i Is the Second of the Trans-Pacific 'Fleet tb; Call
at Manila, for Which ; Port She ¦; .Carries/ 1 a Large Consignment
of Freight— Schooner- - Archie and. . Eohtie Victim 1 of '.' theiStorm
THE Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company's'liner Gaelic
sailed yesterday afternoon for
Honolulu. Manila. China and
REAPER SAILORS
ARE NOT GUILTY
GAELIC LEAVES PORT FOR ORIENT
WITH FIGHTING BOB EVANS ABOARD
NOTE— In ; the above , exposition of the tides
the early \ morning • tides ' are given i in . the . left
hand column -and- the- successive 'tides of the
day -in the order, of occurrence as to time;: the
fourth | time column j gives the j last • tide of ' the
day,' except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs... The heights given are-ln
addition | to , the I soundings ' of , the -.United , States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
Sun; rises '. .'..'.. . . .Y. . .?. . .'.'. .'. . . '. .'..': ... .'.5*43
Sun- sets: . ; . . .. . ; . : ; . ..-.. .6:3»
Moon sets. ... .'.'. . .....;. . .-; . ....... .8:15 p.m."
sign precedes the height, and then the' number
given is subtracted from the .depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
ot.the lower low waters.* -. J3
Troops Are Ordered to Manila.
The "War . Department, has : issued orders
for. 500 :unasslgned fecriiitsVand " casuals,
in charge of twelve commissioned officers,
to sail . for Manila on the transport Kil
patrick, which Is scheduled. to leave here
next Saturday. The Sherman will sail for
the Philippines April 18 with 800 enlisted
men and eighteen officers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building, was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time. ....• •: ¦».• .
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.,-in charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. . S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 8, 1002. • . ' . . •
Time Ball.
GLASGOW— Arrived April ¦ 6— Stmr Furnes
e'.a. frnm f-vr York.'; V40nBBMMM)aHIEaaKSMg
NEW YORK— SallM A?rll • 8— Stmr B"v|p.
for Plymouth: stmr Kronorinz Wilhelm. , from
HONGKONG — Sxiled April «— Ptnr- Klnturk;
from ReRttle and Tacoma, via Yokohama, for
'Liverpool.- , , i . . ,..-;,.
HAMBURG— Arrived April 8r-Stmr Moltke,
from >T*-w York. ' " . ¦ >¦ -^
- Arrived April ¦ R — Ptmr Parisian.' from '. Pt
John, N B." and Halifax, N S,\. for Liverpool,
and • proceeded. ' : ' . .» -i - ¦—;
QUEKNSTOWN — Arrived • April . R-^Stmr TJ1
tonla.' from ¦; Boston, for •• Livernool, ' and . pnv
reeded;, atmr Oceenlr, from New York, for
Llvernoni. and proceeded. , ¦ • ¦ ' •.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Arril 8— Stmr Rhm
dam.fmm New York, via BoiiIoktip. •
YOKOHAMA— Arrived A rrll T— Stmr Ywik
t»e, from Gla^row' and ; Liverpool; - via . Singa
pore. et<». for Victoria and Seattle. ¦' •¦
MOVILiLE —^Arrived j April 8— Stmr Furnes
sla, from New York; . . •.'••.' :.; ¦ .
ocean; steamers.
- COIXiM BO — Arrived ' prior to April ; 7— U S
etn"*. McCWlar, from New York.' . f n r ¦• Manila.
CORK— Arrived April' 5 — Fr bark Marguerite
Mollnos, hence Nov 10. ? ,
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 5— Br rfilp
Ancleeey, for Sunderlaml. April fl — Br. ship
Oarn<3«i1<». for Hamburg; Br shin ' Godvta. , for
Hull: Br nhio ¦ Peffamw. for Hull. April 7—
Ger fhlr N<»ck. for Rirkenhead. .
ANTWERP— Ajrived April 5— Br bark Ca
len»>. ¦ for . Tacoma. . .. • .
HAMBURG — In port March 25 — Br ship In
dore, for [ Pan Francisco: Br ship Eudora, ¦ for
San Francisco. . . .
RUNCORN— Tn port March 27— Br ship Cel
tic Chief, for Pueet Sound.
VALPARAISO— Sailed April S— Schr Lottie
Bennett, for Port Townsend. ¦ • .-».-,.-
LADYSMITH— Arrived April 8— Br stmr
Victoria, hence April 4. " .. , . , ., ;
VICTORIA — Sailed 'April S-^- Jap stmr Kaga
Maru. -for. China and Japan; Dutch stmr.Fol
mina.for S»n Francisco. .. ¦ ; .; . '.: '. x .
YOKOHAMA — Arrived April 4— Br stmr In
dravelll. from Oreron.
Sailed . April 6 — Br stmr Braemar, for Ta
coraa. . • .-..'¦¦ .¦•¦;¦..
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior to April. 8— Stmr
Ventura, hence March 20. ¦-,-'¦¦¦' ¦ ¦
LONDON — Arrived Anrll 6 — Br ship. Tox
teth. hence Nov 9. : -: • • • ¦ \
DUBLIN— Arrived April 7— Fr bark Brizeux,
hence Dec 12. ¦ : . •- ;•'»:'•
NEWCASTLE. >us — Sailed April 7 — Br ship
Fannie K«>rr. for San Francisco. ¦
FALMOITTH— Arrived April 7— Br ship E J
Spicer, from Punta Arena. ». '
Sailed ¦¦ April 5 — Br ship * Larclemorie/ for.
Blrkenhead. . • • . . . '
FLUSHING— Arrived April 6— Br bark Dun - 
brltton from ¦ Oregon. . . '.
HAMBURG — Arrived April 4— Ger> ship
Rickmer Rickrners, from' Oreron. - ¦
HONGKONG— Arrived April 7— Stmr Peru',
from Manila. . - ¦; ¦¦¦¦¦••.¦
, KOBE: — Arrived March 22— Br stmr Strath
gyle, from TTonKkontr. for Oregon: . :'
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed . Apr
7 — Shin Ersklne M Phelps, •- f rbm Taltal, for
Philadelphia. . ..-•.)
¦ Passed out April • 7 — Ger bark . Xal, • from
Phlladelpla, for Japan and Oregon. •
EASTERN PORT.
NEAH BAY— Passed in April 8— Schrs H D
Bendlxssn, Maria E Smith, bark Carrollton,
hence April 2; schr Queen, hence April 1; ship
Roanoke. hence March 27: bark L VJdette, from
San Pedro; Br ship Peter Iredale, from Hono
l'jlv.. :
ASTORIA— Sailed April ) 8— Stmr Columbia,
for San FrancUsco. . . • : .. j ¦•
GRAYS HAP.BOR— Arrived April 7— Stmr
Santa Barbara, -hence April 4. •
• EUREKA — Arrived April S — Stmr Corona,
hence Ar>ril 7. - • ..... «
SIUSLAW RIVER— Sailed April 5— Schr
Sacramento, for San Francisco; schr Mary
Etta. • for San Francisco; schrv Bender Bros,
for San Francisco. April tt— Schr Wing and
Wing, schr Lizzie • Prien and' schr Bella, for
San Francisco. • •
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 8— Schr Serena
Thayer, from Eureka. ¦ • •¦ •¦ ' . ¦ '
Arrived Ar>rll S-^Br ship, Scottish Hills,
hence March 22; schr John. D .Tallant, .from
Haiphong. ¦ . . ' • .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April 8— Schr Ida
Schnauer, hence March 27. '. -. r
'- EUREKA — Arrived April 7 — Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria and Coos Bay.' • . , .
Passed Inward April 8 — Schr Bangor, from
San Pedro: stmr Melville Dollar, '• hence April
4, for Seattle; schr H D Bendlxsen, hence
April 2, for Port Blakeley. ¦: ¦ .
TACOMA— Arrived April 8— Br ship Whltlie
burn, from Table Bay; stmr John S Klmball,
hence" Ai>rll 3.
Sailed April 8 — Schr Susie M Plummer, for
San Pedro. ¦ ;
Arrived April 8 — Sehr J M Weatherwax,'
from San Francisco.
Sailed April 7 — Stmr Czarina,' for San'Fran
clsco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived April - 8-^Schr
J D Tallant, from Haiphong. . i
part of cargo damaged. Also Jettisoned . ten
tons cargo on voyage.
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦ POINT LOBOS, April 8, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind MV, velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT. BL.AKELEY— Arrived April 8— Schr
Honolpu, hence March 2S; bark Prussia, hence
March 27.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived April 8— Schr
Bangor. from San Pedro. ¦ i
SEATTLK— Arrived April 8— Schr Wm Ren
ton, . from Port Harford; schr Ida Schnauer,
hence MarcJi 27; schr Columbia, .from San
Pedro: schr.Wempe Brothers, hence March 21.
. Sailed April S — Jap stmr Kaga ' Maru, ! for
China. . r
. Arrived April 8— Stmr Melville Dollar, hence
April 4. / ¦ ;. •
H. H. Hart and Florence Blythe Hinckley
the sum of $5478 60 on a promissory note
executed in May, 1897. The suit driginated
through a disagreement as . to ,the terms
of the contract on which the money was
loaned. .-"..•. . ¦
. The Supreme Court yesterday rendered
a decision in favor of A. S. Baldwin in a
suit instituted by him to recover from W.
A. S. Baldwin Wins $5000 Suit.
Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
Arrived April 8 — Stmr Friederlch der Grosse,
from Bremen and Cherbourg; stmr Trave, from
Genoa, Naples and, Gibraltar.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
LUMBER ' SCHOONER WRECKED
SUNDAY NIGHT AT FISICS.MILL
ON MENDOCINO COAST. " ;
H. E. Averill, a mining man, living" at
240 Montgomery street, secured a warrant
from. Judge Mogan yesterday for the ar
rest of A. D. Bowley on the charge of
felony embezzlement. He alleges that on
December 4 last he gave Bowley 300 shares
of Central .Eureka mining stock, valued
at $315, to. sell within thirty days and that
since then Bowley has failed to return
the stock or give any account of it.
Dispute About Mining' Stocks.
I Twenty soldiers belonging to the Seven
tenth Infantry, who were arrested on Pa
cific street Monday, night for pushing
pedestrians off the sidewalk and otherwise
raising a disturbance, s appeared - before
Judge Fritz yesterday. • The Judge con
victed them and sentenced each to pay a
fine of $5, with the alternative of serving
twenty-four hours in prison. The Judge
warned them that if they were again ar
rested he would punish them more* se
verely.
Soldiers on the Rampage.
The executive committee of the Western
Passenger Association ¦ has decided. to re
quest the Comptroller, of the Treasury to
instruct the quartermaster general of the
army to specify in the future whenever
asking for bids whether the contracts are
for the transportation of troops and the
amount of baggage allotted to each sol
dier. The railroad companies do not ob
ject to hauling wearing apparel of the
soldiers, ' but protest that j. cannon and
horses are not personal^ baggage.
About "ten years ago the Southern Pa
cific Railroad was sustained by the Gov
ernment in its contention that soldiers
have no personal baggage and that every
thing in the possession of the soldiers
when traveling is really owned by the
Government. ¦¦ The Government reversed
that ruling, however, about three years
ago. The Government now demands that
the railroads must carry 150 pounds of
military equipment to every soldier. As a
result the roads have been compelled to
carry cannon, rapid-firing guns and even
horses. ¦
The' Government has insisted; that the
usual allowance of 150 pounds of baggage
made by the railroads to the general pub
lic be made for each soldier carried. For
example, if 100 soldiers and a freight car
load of. military equipment are transport
ed, the Government insists that a > reduc
tion of 15,000 pounds be made from, the
carload weight and that it pay regular
freight rates only on the remainder.
.. The manipulators of the transcontinen
tal roads have commenced to retaliate on
the 'Federal Government for their;prose
cution in reference to pooling. One of the
first moves the railways of the West will
make will to make a protest against
hauling cannon, ammunition and supplies
on passenger trains or recognizing* them
as baggage. ,, './ , f- / , .
Fight Over What Constitutes
Personal Belongings is
Reopened. r
plies Free.
Roads Protest {Against
Hauling; Army Sup-
SAY ARTILLERY
IS NOT BAGGAGE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9, 1902. -
10
Bteamer.
From.
I Due.
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Apr. 9
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 9
Aigo Ferndale & Eel River. .! Apr. 9
R. Dollar. ... San Pedro ¦ ", .....Apr. 0
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 9
Tellus Oyster Harbor. Apr. • 9
laqua. ....... Hiimboldt .............. Apr. . 9
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Apr. 10
Corona Humboldt .V.'. .... Apr. 10
Point Aiena.. Point 'Arena .......... Apr. 10
North Fork. . Humboldt Apr. 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Apr. 10
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 10
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor .......... Apr. 11
Corcnado .... Grays Harbor '. . Apr. 1 1
Folmina Nanairoo .'.".". Apr. 11
Czarlca...... Seattle & Tacoma...... Apr/ 11
Eureka Humboldt :... Apr. 12
Rainier Seattle & Wnatcom- .... Apr. 12
Queen. Puget Sound . Ports ..... Apr. 12
Progreso Seattle '.. ..........:. .'. . . Apr. .13
Neko. .'. ..... Hamburg via West' Coast Apr. 13
Kewburg.*. .'.- Grays Harbor..'.....;.. Apr. 13
J. S. Kimball Seattle ._&. Tacoma Apr., 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 13
Santa Cruz.. Newport & .Way Ports.. Apr. l.t
Pomona Humboldt . . Apr.15
Alameda Honolulu' Apr. 15
China........ China & Japan Apr. 15
G. W.'Klder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 15
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 16
Umetlllar.V." Pugef Sound" Ports...... Apr. 17
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 18
Sonoma..:... Sydney&Way Ports... Apr. 21
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagway:& Way : Ports. Apr.'. 9
Uirtgo ..... . . Ska g way & Wky Ports. Apr. 1 2
Humboldt.... Skagway & .Way Ports. Apr. 14
Herthu...... Cooks Inlet &.. Way **M.iAi>r. '1.1
BantaAna... Cooks Inlet '¦&'¦ Way Pts.lApr. 15
Cottage City. Skai?wuy & Way, Ports. lApr. IB
City Seattle.. SkaRway & , Way Ports. Apr.' 17
City of Topeks 'SkaKway, '&. "Way 'Ports. Apr. 20
Jf-anie. ...... Nomp direct. ........... Apr.'24
KxoPlBlor. ... Cooks^ Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 25
»
3, Time __= •¦ Time Time ; Time
»; — — - Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
»_, L-.W •¦• HrW L.\V; . HW : ,-
8 5:49 0.1 12:40 4.9 5:55 2.1 ..... .777;
¦•• H W I, W .- > H W >¦¦¦-• L VV ¦.--.':.•-'
iO 0:(KI B.5 0:38—0.1 1:36 4.S 6:40 2 4
11- 0:46 H.4 7:31 2:37 -4.6 7:28 '.2.8
12} 1:32 5.3 8:29—0.1 a:41 ;' 4.5 8-2« s 2.8
13 2:2fi '¦-B.I <0:31 -' 0.0 ;4:S0|' '4.5 0:30 30
14 3:31 4.9 10:39 ,0.2|rr.:5o| 4.6|ll:00 3.1
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe.
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:4a a 11:10 p 7:18 p
- Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10:30 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3;27 p 8:05 a
" Visalla... 3:39p ....... 6:00a
" Bakersfld. 8:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
** Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p .......
a for morning, p for aitemoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California, Lim-
ited, carrying Palace ' Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleid for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a. m. dally.
4 :20 p. m, is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. ¦
8 p. m. is the. Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
'Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at .all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Of flees— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San - Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
JB when you 're going W" .
# East, and I 'II tell you %
- m- . why to take the Bur- \
7a - lington. -' Tourist-cars Al
I Kg three times . a week. r| 1
III Thro' standard sleeper |L|
Ml to Chicago daily — past \B
¦| O^fflffii ery in Am- J
BffimWrftiSli Tickets and Mfi
£f$b ¦ W. D. Sanborw, ~^s^
' General Agent. ¦ .
IN 'IJESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Fran ci sco at 1 0 a.m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Double Drawing-room Sleeping-cars,
Buffet, Smoking . and Library Cars,
with barber. Dining-cars— meals a la-
carte. . Daily . Tourist Car Service at 6
p. m., and personally conducted excur-
sions every Wednesday and Friday at
8 a. m. from San Francisco. The best
of everything. ... .
R.R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coast
. Palace Hotel San Francisco
aJ - 17 nil Wiir ¦¦ -'
¦^j 7 .^ssrfT ¦ III III
Mm the
V wbZ^Z&X 171 r, ft,
¦ And Travel Tia the
WabashLine
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points.'
TIOSS C. CLINE, P. C. P. Agt., Los An-
geles; Cal. • .;¦:"_: ' •
C. S. CRANK. G. P. Agt. St. Loulg. Mo!
NORTH PACIFIC CDASt RAILROAD.
Via Sausallta Fcrr/ "
' Commencing September 20, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. L *' X .
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. «9:30, 11 '00 a. ra.
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, *tfcl5. «:45 p. m - -
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael xin Mondays, W ednesdays and Saturd*v«
at 0:30 and 11:40 p. ra. s . «"««»jr»
SUNDAYS— •8:00.' 9:00, «l0:00. ni:30 aw m.
•1:15. 3:15. *4:45, 6:30. 9:30 p. m. '
Trains market (•) run to San Quentln
a. m.. »12:25. 2:15. »3:35, 4:40. 5:30 pTnV
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, . Wediwidays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
•lf4 T 0 N Stll S T;45:V:lo 0 P -. m ° :0 °- nl: " ->'•
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6 :45. 6 :45. 7 :55 8 :55 • 10-30
am., 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. *
¦. SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 215.
3:30.5:00.6:45 p.m. ' *" •""•-•*•«»
•• . THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and wav
stations. ' .¦¦«^grtl)ti(>i«»%aB«t.-. - '
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and wav
stations. • ¦ . ¦ . . *
- 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and wav
stations. • l -'M,tiV<U*ffj»*f!«.
Fairfax, Sundays— «:00, 3:00, 10:00, 11:30
a.' m; >^*&&W..''^Z*?*-i$ i '
Legal- Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PeniBsylvaflia
I •
ON TICKETS TO NEW YORK
AND PHILADELPHIA
10 Days' Stopover
at Washington ;
May Be Enjoyed at no Increase In Far*
In Addition to Above 10 Days'
Stop-Over at Philadelphia Is Also Allowed.
-"*" E. ? M/ POMEBOT. - Actlnr Agent.
30 MONTGOMERY ST.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
»AN FRANCISCO.
' "'¦¦ Qlala Line, foot of Market Street )
UtTl — F»OM MABCH SO. 1903. — AKBITB
7.00a Benicia, Sulsan, Elmlra and Sacra- -
cento...: 2 22'
7.00a VacsTille, Winters, Bumser. 7.55?
7 JOa Martinez. Ssn Ramon, Vallejo,
' Uspa. Ctllstoga, Santa Kosa 6 ?5r
8.00a Davis. WooJland, Knlzbts Landing-,
MaryiTllle. OroTllle 7.65*
800a Atlantic Expresi— Ogden and Eact. 8.25a
8.00a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25?
8-OOa >'!les. Mendota, Hanford, Visalla, -
Porterrllle «.55>
8-30A Shasta Expreis— Darla, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Blofl, Portland 7.65*
830a San Jose. Llrermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle,
MarysTllle. Cnlco, Red Bluff 4.25*
8.S0a Oakdale.Chlnese.Sonora,Tuolumne 4.2S>
9.00a Vallejo.. 12-25*
9.00a Lo« Angeles Express — Martinez,
• . • Tracy, Latbrop,Stockton,Merced*
Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25a
930 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7-55f
MO.COa Hsywsrd, Nllessnd Way Statlons.t1255*
1040a Toe Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago.........' 525?
: ti-OOr Sacramento River Steamers — 1 11-00*
- 3-OOr Benicia, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysvllle. Orovlllo 10.55a
SJSOr Hay ward, N lies and Wmy Station*.. 7.55*
4 00r Martlnez.San Kamon,Vallejo,>'apa,
Callttoga, Santa Ro»a... 9.25a
. 4 OOr NUes, Llvermorc, Stociton, Lodl.. 12.25r
4-307 Haywsrd,Nile*,SsnJose,LlTermora t8.55A
430r The Owl Limited— Fresno. TuUre,
Bakersfleid, Saugas for Sants
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6-OOr PortCoita,Trscy,Lathrop,StocJtton 1025a
6.00r Martinez. Anttoch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 12-25*
tB-30* 5«le« Local 7.25a
6.00* Hay-ward. Nlles and San Jose 7.55 a
tS-OOF Vallejo> 11.25a
8.007 Oriental', Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago 4.25r
.7.00? San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
»nd Way Stations 11.25a
J7.00? Vallejo 7.55»
8-05? Oregon A California Expreis— Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Redding. .
Portland. Paget Sound and But. 8-55 a
19.107 Hayward and Mies t11-6oA
COAST LINE Osrrow Uan^e).
(Foot of Market Street.) ___^
8-ISa Newark, Centerrllle, Ban Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnz and W»y Stations 5-507
t2.15i" Kewarfc, Centervllle. San Jose.
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
/Creek. Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4-1 57 Newark. San Jose, Los Garos t8.50 a
«9.30f Hunters' Train— San Joae and Way
-Stations t7.2Qy-
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN IRAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 1»:15 9:0O_11:0Oaji. 1-00 3 00 5.157.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:C0 £J:00
t8:0» 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 CO 4-00 7.x.
COAST LINE (Broad Game).
¦ ' (Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations...;..... 8.40a
7-OOa San Jose and Way Stations..... ... +8. 00a
7.00a New Almaden .V4-107
' 8.00a Coast Una Limited — San - Jose,
. - Gllroy. Sallnaa, San Luis Oblspo,
, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and -
¦ -- ¦- . Principal Intermediate Station*. 13 45* ¦ -
9 .CO a San Jose, Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas, Ssn Lids
. . Oblspo add Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose aad Way Stations........." 838a
11.30a San Joie and "Way Stations 9.4&A
i2A&r Saa Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, ban Jose,
Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
' Grove t10.45A
3-307 San Jose and Way Stations 1.307
t4.157 San Jose and Prlnctp»lWsy Station* 6407
4.507 ' SnnsetLlmltnd— Monday, April 7th,
Uth, 31st, for Los Angeles, £1
Paso.New Orleans and New Tork.
, Last train leaves New Orleans .
.AprUlUh.., 10.15a
t5.00F San Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations t9.00A
5.30p San Jouand PrlncJpalWay Stations 8.30*
8.307 San Joae and Way Stations. 7-307
7.007 New Orleana Express — San Lois
. Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demtnr, El Paso, New
Orleans and East...... 11 .30*
•11487 San Jose and Way Stations • 7. 30> -
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Snnday only. - . '
' q Satnrday only. ./Tnesdays and Fridays. . .
; _ _. , — , _
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. Ca
J_iE2SSEIE3S
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
% RAILWAY COMPANY.
TlburonFerry. Foot of Markat St.
San Franclaco to Saa Raiaal.
WEEKDAYS— 1:30. 9:00. 11:00s. xa.; 11:38.
3:30. 6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extr»
trip at 11:30 p. m. - Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:30 and 11:30 9. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 «l m.; 1:30, 3:34.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
.: San Rafael to San Francisco*.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:30, 3:20, 11:10 a. m.1
12:45, 3:40, 8:13 p. m. Saturday*— IExtr»
trips at 1:53 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:*4.
8:06. <:25 p. ra. ¦ ¦ : :...... ¦
Leave • I In Effect I Arrtr*
' San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 19011 Ban Frstnctsea.
Week I Sun- I ¦ J Son- I Week
-, Days. I days. I Destination | days, | Days.
7:30am 8:00am . Norato. 10:40am 8:40an»
8:30pm •:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10 :25a ra
6:10pm 0 :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35poj 6:2Opta
• ' ¦ ; ~~ FQltoB, \ " r—
rOOrnm ' 'Windsor,. l*:5Um
S :00pm Healdsburr. 10:40am ¦
Ljrttoa.
• . - - Geyservtllo,
S :30pm 8:00am Clorerdale. T:S8pm tt:20pa
7:30am S:00pm Ropland 10:40am 10:33am
8:30pm -8:00am and TJklah. 7:33pm 8:20pm)
7^0am ~~ : ~~ 10:4Oam|10a5aaa
8:00am Guernevlll*. T :35pm
8:80pm B:00pm - •' • - «:20prsj
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma, . B:13am 8:40aaa
- ' and
,5:10pm 0:00pm Glen Ellen. S:0Spm 8:2Opni
~7:33amf 8:00am| , |10:40am|10:2Saa»
8 :30pm I 6:00pmf SebastopoL | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We**
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton „
tor AKruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; atm
Geyeervtlle for Ekajrss Springs; at Cloverdal* ,.'
for the ¦ Geysers ; at . Hopland for Duncan
Springs.- Highland Springs. KelssyrUl*. CarU-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprinss. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wltte?
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Taller.
John Day**. Riverside.: Lierley's Baeknell'sw
Banhedrln Heights, HullTtlle, Orr'sHot SprtngsL
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport. UsaL
Wl lilts, Lay ton ville. Cummins. Bell's Springs.
Harris. 01sen'«.Dyer.8coU» and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at r*. '
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all potnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHTTOIO. R. X. STA5.
Gen Manager. - Gen. Pan. Agt
H0UNTTAMALPAI3 RAILWAY.
Leave Via Saasalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Tkn, Sm Tnmibn to Smaalt mm* jutm ». naft. , '
. tbkrtoacM, taxAiiiEtsTRxrr .ndiiiaALno naai. '
aDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62 J> KEABXT ST. Established
tn 1834 for the treatment nt I'rl v»t«
Dl-traxen. Ltt-t jtf antiood. Debility c.r v,
(liw»as!» «earliigoii body and mind and
Skin Disuses. The Doctor cnrM when
others fal». Try him. Charges low.
Inrn snarnntcfd. Call or write.
[ J>r. J. W. GIBBON, ban Francisco. Cal. .
h^m«srslB«rsssltfs^sssssrli»^^<fc ¦ imi'i tum i-i i ii i if-fc- m..»^j.i r- M i .Jr^sls^BMB
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, griving strength
«T,t' development just where it is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
lunctions and. has been an absolute sue
cess in all cases. A request to the Stato
Medical Institute. 32S Elektron buildif !r
Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that you de«=ire
one of their free trial packages, will be
complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great clats at
men who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme
cjies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes win
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
o. plain package, fo that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
hcity. Readers are requested to write
Krcc trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and phy«i-
cal sufferings of lo.«t manhood that the
Institute has deefded to distribute. free
i rial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from ;any form of sexual weakness result
ins from youthful fol!y, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back va
riecorle or emaciation of parts can 'now
cure themselvep at home.
to All wno Writ3.
A Free Trial Packag-a Sent by Mail
A Kost Remarkable Remedy Thxt
kuiekiy Restores Lost Vi^or
to Men.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
XUNTOX'S IXIU1EB CUBES CATABBH.
BAILWAY ' TBAVEL.
ADVEBTISEMENTa I
1COL.DS
I. regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than a life Insurance policy.
It not only cures colds in the head,
colds in the lungs, colds ifi the bones,
but it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— nUNYON.
Munyon 1 * Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to relieve
in <*ie to three hours, and cures in a few days.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cures all
forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.' . ¦
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats,
allays soreness and speedily Deals the lungs.
Munyon's Kidney Cure auickly cures pains in the
back, loins or groins, and all forms of kidney disease.
I Munyon's Vitalizerrestoreslostpowersto weak men.
All the cures are a5 cents, fet any drug store.
Blunyon's Guide to Health should be in the
liands of every mother. It will help them to knew
the symptoms of every disease and tell them the
proper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
: Solid Oak Dresser, double
. top and beveled French plate :
mirror 24x30 inches, $11.00.
If you are refitting' your
home with new furniture, car-
pets/ curtains or draperies
you ought to sec .our stock
> and learn bur prices. ., , ' ..
LBrifiiant
: ' TURNITURE CO., ,
338-342 POST STREET, , J
. • Opposite Union Square. ....
& visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
VHUSEU« OF flNATOMYf
A ': , Qfo 1051 UA2ZIT ST. tit. 6th*7tt, S.F.Cal. A .
\ ¦• ,Cf^f r - The Larrest Anatomical Museum in the \
H " ni|frji_ ¦ w «»ld- • Weakne«!,es or *njr contracted Q
li VXS&i *«»« positlvrl/ cared hy the oldest T
0 fSral Speciaiiston the Cout . Est 36ye»rs. Q
1 &W? J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES (IF MEN A
' \ iW^S Consultation free and stjie«!y pririte. \
H U Jtf'Ctn Troatment personally or by litter. A Q
\ ¦ V »7| W Poritivt Curt in every ease undertaken. \
' n r U 11 B> ¦ Write tnr Book. PBILO^OPnV *r A
" U ¦"¦' 11^ MARnlAGE, -MAILED FREE. ( A f
Jk (I {J. valuable book for men)' - ¦ .. ¦ .'\
Y Witt. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market SL.8. F. ¥
M "ke it. Comfort &*f
¦ [j •—^JmR±* - security ! A Perfect Retainer. H
H /Jzfi r\^ doea the 'work! t&~ Call or tga
//*J\ write todav for "booklet no. l."fl5S
Address: Magnetic E. Trass Co., flffij
' 206 Post Street, San Francisco. Cal. JB'l
or 1145 Broadway, New York, Mention thii Paper iKaa
SWb signature is on every box of tho gexraino
Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieu
Vxt remedy that coxes a cold in one d*jiContinued on Page Thirteen.
v NEW YORK, . April 8.— FLOUR—Re'ceiBts/
19.S8S barrels; exports, 14,741 barrels; -quiet,
but steady, and firmer at the <close. ¦ Winter
, patents, $3 85©4 25; winter «tralghts # $3 703 '
8 SO; do extras, $3 15©3 25; winter low grades
$2 05@3 05. .- , V -" '.
WHEAT— Receipts, \ C825 ' bushels; exporta
176,301 bushels; spot was firm; Na 2 red, 81 'ac
elevator; No. 2 red. 86%c f. o. b.afloat; No 1
Northern Duluth, 81 %c f. o. b< afloat; No -1
bard Manitoba. 8114c f. o. b. afloat. The early
wheat I market . was steadier on small 1 North- 1
west receipts, but soon broke under bearish
crop news and realizing. From this It finally
recovered In sympathy with corn, together with
active covering and big seaboard « clearances
closing firm at %c net 'advance. May, . 77%a
77%c. closed at 77%c; July, 77 % ©77 %c, closed
77%c; September, 76%@76%c, . closed 7CXtc
December. T7%@78%c, closed 78%c. • .
.HIDES AND WOOL— Steady.
i HOPS— Firm. " .. - . ' ¦
. COFFEE — Futures steady.; with : prices ' un
changed to 6 points net lower. Total sales,'
Wheat— May. July
Opening 5 10% 5 8%
Closing 5 10% 10.,
•' ' "• : V , PARIS'. . ¦ i';.'--%. ¦;'¦'¦''¦ -'':'-
Wheat — v - April. . Sept -Dec.
Opening 22 15 - 20 40
Closing ./.... 22 05 20 35
-Flour — . • ¦ • . - - •
Opening 26 75 20 40 . ,
Closing ; 20 CO 20 35 •
New York' Metal Market. '
NEW TORK. April 8.-^London tin prices!
were advanced £1 10s, making a gain of £5 10s I
within two days. Spot- closed at £125 0s . 3d
and futures at £123 lCsSd. The New York
market advanced 25 points, with spot closed at '
*28©2S 25. • . *•> 1
Copper was quiet here, with lake at $12^1
12 25, electrolytlftfat $12 15 and casting at $12.
LonCon copper closed 5s net higher, with spot
at £52 17s Cd and futures at £53. , -
Lead was unchanged here at $4 12% and
also unchnnged at ¦ London, which closed at
£11 8« 9d. .
Spelter ruled firm at -5 : points advance at,
New York and closed at $ 1 45. London spelter
was Is 3d higher at £17* 10s 3d.
Iron remained quiet and steady locally, with
plglron warrants nominal. " No. - 1 foundry.
Northern. $19@20; No.- 2 foundry. Northern,
fl8@19; No. 1 foundry. Southern. $17 50@18;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft. ?17 5O@18 :
The-. English market was -.ilrm.r Glasgow
closed at 5.!s 3d and Middlesboro at 47s l%d.
New York Cotton market.
NEW YORK, April 8.— :The Cotton market
closed quiet, .1 point higher to 3 points lower.
Eastern Livestock Market.
" CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aurll 8.— CATTLE — Receipts,
4000, including ¦ilSOTexans; .strong. Good to
prime stcerfe, nominal," $0 fiO@7 30; poor to me
dium, $4 25@0 60; stockeis and feeders, $2 50.
05 25; cows.' $1 25<B5 75; heifers, $2 50@C;
canners', $1 25® 2 50; bulls, $2 50@5 30; calves,
$5 25<»i5 85; Texas fed steers, $5@G; Western I
steers, !f5 404(0 20. ~ j
¦ HOGb — Receipts to-day, 13,000; to-morrow
23,000; left over, . 3000. Steady to strong.
Mixed and butchers', $0 U<)@6 97%; good ' to
choice heavy, $0 85© 7 07%; rough heavy, *C 05
@0 85; light, $6 CO(gO 75; bulk, $0 75@7.
SHEEP — Receipts, 7000. Steady * to strong.
Good to choice wethers, ', $5 25@5 75; fair to
choice mixed, $4 50®5 40; ¦ Western sheep and
yearlings, .<-t 50(5«; native lambs, $4 75Q>7;
Western lambs, S5 25@7.
ST. JOSEPH.'.. .. - .'
ST. JOSEPH. April 8.— CATTLE— Receipts,
18C0; steady. Native, $5 BQ@7; cows and heif
ers, $1 25@« 30; veals, $3@5 75; stockers and
feeders? S2 25(^5 25. ;• ' .
' HOGS-^Recfclpts«y $4 50; steady. Lljht and
light mixed, S« C5©ii 80; medium and heavy,
$0 75@ « 95; pig». $4 25@5 iO.v . ¦¦
SHEEP — Receipts, 10,100; ; active, steady.
We3frn lambs, $C@0 25; Western sheep, $4 50
@<J 15. . . ; .. ' , .'- '
. -' Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, April 8.— The wool market was ex
ceedingly quiet here this week. | Trade has been
practically [paralyzed by •the. numerous; strikes
In the woolen mills. The trade seems to have i
much confidence ' in the future of the niarket,"
based largely upon' the ¦¦ comparatively small
amount of wool on hand carried over.
Territory wools are very: quiet.' Choice staple
fine ' Territory is quoted ¦ at-. - 50@52c ; on tho
scoured ¦ basis, ' while .choice-, fine medium Is
quoted at'47@iSc. The ordinary fine Territory
is selling at 4S@50c; scoured, fine medium, 43®
45c, and medium. 39@40c. . .
• The sale (of .'Australian wool, is very quiet,,
owing to the small. available stock on hand.
Northern Business.'
¦':•' TACOMA.' April 8.— Clearings, $235. OSS ; bal
ances, J32.087.'. . ¦ ¦- ; : ¦• • - ¦- .
PORTLAND. • April .. 8.— Clearings, . $409,000'
balances, -$82,954. ? . ¦ ,
SPOKANE, April 8.— Clearings, ?254,216; bal
ances, $30. 498. • • ¦¦¦ .
SEATTLE, April 8.'— Clearings, $017,107; bal.
ances, $03,655. ' •
; ! - —Northern Wheat Market.
> .-.- '..'¦¦'. .OREGON. ¦'.-/, :'.' i "?,','
-I PORTLAND,' • April 8.— WHEAT— Walla,
Walla: 04®64%c;-bluestem/ 65@C5%c; 'valley,"'
V -!'.'¦ ' :-; Washington. 4
TACOMA; April 8.— WHEAT— Quiet knd
steady; bluestem, 04e; club. «3c.
:;.^jyreigrMqrk^
,'•'. LONDON,, April S.--Consols, 94%; '... Sliver,
24%d ; " French Rentes,' lOOf 85c ; ; wheat" cargoe*
on passage, quiet 'and steady; cargoes of No.'l
standard - California, ; 29s 3d ; , cargoes of Walla
Walla; , 28s . 3d ; - 3 English country i markets; ;
April 8.— Wheat, quiet* Na 1
'- ¦ ¦ ¦ . " ¦ .-',¦¦''.¦ !
- Business ¦ was dull all along the line in th»
morning and no changes worthy of note oc
curred. The afternoon was equally feature
less.
The Oakland Transit Company proposes ta
create a bonded Indebtedness of $6.500\000 to
take up old' issues and provide for Improve
ments, and a meeting of the stockholders baa
been called for June 10 to take action on th«
preposition. It Is reported . that an . additional
bond issue will . be made later by the terry
company. . : -.'¦¦_.
' The 3000 shares of the unissued stock §f tha
Pacific Gas Improvement Company, .which tha
directors offered to tha stockholders by circu
lar letter at $36 per share, tha subscription*
to be based upon one share for every ten held,
have all been sold and paid for. They wera
bought chiefly by large stockholders. This In
creases the amount of Issued stock from 32.000
shares - to 35,000. The authorized capital " la
?5, 000, 000, in 50,000 shares.
. The following Quotations for the United
Railways of San Francisco were received yes
terday from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter
Sc. Co.: Common stock, $23 87%©24; preferred.
$62 12Vi<£62 50; 4 per cent bonds. $30 50@90;
subscriptions. 101 75@$102.
The annual meetings of the Hawaiian Com
mercial and Sugar Company and the Southern
Faolfic Company will be held to-day.
STOCK AND Bo'niT"eXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. April 8-2 p. m.
'-.•:": UNITED STATES BOND3."
Bid. Ask. I Bld-Asfc.
4s qr coup.. Ill 112 14s qr c (new) 139*4139%,
4s qr reg 111 111% f 3s qr coup. ..109 ft 110
' " MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oc S3 Co 0s. — 101
Bay CPC 5s.l07%108% Ombus C 6a. — — s
Cal-st 5s 117 119 Pac G Im 43. 96%100i;
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk&C H 6s. 107 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6a. 117 120
Fcr&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 102 102'L,
h c&s 5%s. — .— ¦ sf & sjvss.m ¦ — ;
Do 5s. 97 — Sierra Caies.112%115
L Ang R 5s. 118% — S P of A 6s
LALCo-63. — — (190») 11394 —
Do gtd Gs. — — (1910) 114% —
Do gtd 53. — 104% S P Of C 6s -.; .
L A & P 53.102 — (I905)Sr A. — 106%;
Do lem 59.103 — (1906(Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 63. — ISO (1906) .... — 110>i-
Do lem 5s. — 122 (1912) ....119% 121
N R of C 63.112 — S P of C 1st
Do 5s.,...121V,121% cgntd5a..l20 —
N Pac C 5s.l09%110Vi Do stmpd.111% —
N R Cal 53.11414 — SP^r Cal6s.l3S> 139*4
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% S ATWat 6s. — 111%
Oak Trn 6a.. 124 • — Do 4s 2dm.lO3 —
Do 1st c5s.H3%115 Do 4s 3dm. — 103
Oak W G 5s. — 104 Stkn G&ECs.lO2 104
WATER STOCKS. ; .
Contra Costa 77% 77% :Port Costa. . 63% 66
Marln Co.... 60 — iSpring Val.. 03 9354
- GAS AND ELECTRIC,
Cent L&P. 2% — Pac Light .". 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3V4 — Sac E G&R. 29% —
Mutual ..... — 4% S F G i E. 43 4-4
O G L & H. 67 57% S F G L Co. 5% 8
Pac G Imp.. 30 36% Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 270
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. S9 90% jL P & A.... 166 170
California ..425 — Mer Ex (liq) 18% — '
Cal Safe Dp. 117% — . S F Natlonl.ltU — .
First Nationl' — . !
SAVINGS-BANKS.
German ..-.2000 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt . . — — ! Security Sav. — 340
Mutual Sav. ' 80 v 87%' Union Trustl820 —
S F Sav U.;525 — I . .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..165 — | Market .....100 —
Geary .. — 60 Presidio .... 30 —
POWDER.
Giant ...80 *S0%,Vigorlt ...... 3 3%
- SUGAR.
liana ...... 3% t Kllauea — 9%
Hawaiian ,.. 33 40 Makawell .. 22% 23%
Honokaa ... 10% 11% Onomea .... 23% 24%
Hutchlnson. 11% 12ft Paauhau ...11% U
LIVERPOOL.
NEW YORK. Arrll 8.— The effect of yester
day's flurry in the money market was dissi
pated to-day and an aggressive leadership was
developed on the recovery In stocks. This lead
ership seemed to remain with the Western men
who took hold of the market late last week.
There was some evidence that their forces had
been recrnited from other sources; while their
pceiticn was stronger by reason of the shaking
off of a weak following by yesterday's re
action. The extension of tho short fhtercsf
during yesterday's decline was also a technical
factor of strength in to-day's market. " The re
assurance of the speculative element, was not
imminent this morning and there was consid
erable wavering and- unmtalnty in ThV early
movement of prices. In fact there was not
much in the market up to noon outside of tne
persistent absorption of Louisville and Nash
ville and the sharp advance in Amalgamated
Copper, apparently a continuation of yester
day's movement. Louisville and Nashville
proved the central figure of the market and its
aggressive advance waa the dominating factor
in the broadening demand for stock*. The
dealings m the Block were on an enormous
tcale and there were Indications that the
*We*tern contingent of speculators was rein
forced on the buying side by a well-known ope
rator who only recently returned from a long
trip to recuperate his health. The explana
tions offered for the ri3e were mostly in the na
ture of surmises on the part of speculators.
The reported acquisition of the Atlanta. Knox-
Mtle and Northern Hallway was believed to be
the preliminary to active incursions into new
territory. The belief was professed that the
new iesue of $5,000,000 of stock for the purpose
of this purchase already has been marketed,
thus freeing the market from the future offer
ings of it. The aggressive policy undertaken
by the company gave rise to conjectures as to
the possibilities of the establishment of a
community of Interest In the territory con
cerned. Illinois Central and Southern Hallway
preferred were benefited by sympathy. The
movement spread into the Southwestern stocks
and St. Paul, but Union Pacific. Southern Pa
cific and Atchlson were little affected by the
movement. There was a general movement in
the Vanderbilts of from one to three points,
and a large number of minor stocks, of which
the Wisconsin Central stocks were most con
spicuous, were vigorously advanced. The list
of minor industrials advanced was as large aa
has recently been the rule. The Westlnghouse
Electric stocks made sensational advances of
14% for the common and 15 for the first pre
ferred on the strength of an analogy with the
history of General Electric. The whole market
gave way on. the profit taking which developed
in the last hour and the principal active stocks
were csrriird back from 1 to 2 points. The
market closed easy. The rate for call loans
to-day held firm tit 5 to 0 per cent. It was
believed that this rate would check future
ehipments of gold, and this assurance was a
considerable relief to sentiment. The- calling
of loans yesterday seemed to have strength
ened the situation of the banks so far that the
fteling in tie money market to-day was much
Quieter. ¦' .
The bond market was rather quiet, but firm.
Total sales, $3,770,000. ¦ . •
Unifed States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. "
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 7, W0 » 7b% 77% 77tt
Atchison pfd 1,500 08^4 !I7% 07*7
Baltimore & Ohio.. a.SOO 10t»-« 105U JOOU,
Ealti & Ohio pfd ; 05U
Canadian Pacific... 3,400 113% 113 ilH',»
Canada Southern.. 1,1)00 S& Stf'/i 88
Chesa & Ohio 0.000 4(Ji£ 40 4ti%
Chicago & Alton... 1,500 Si%.'-'l'MXi 3(J*i
Chicago & A pfd... 200 76% 70>/i '* 7C
Chic Ind & Louis.. 0,800 OS'.* ' 02 ' U2>A
Chic Ind & L* pfd. 200 78% 78 -77"
Chic & B Illinois 15314
Chic & Gt Western 1,400 24»A 24% 24=^
Chic & G W A pfd. 100 87 »i 87% 87 5
Chic &. G W B pfd 4«
Chic & North wetm 2,100 250 237 °37
Chic RU Pacific. 1.400 170% 170 173^
Chic Term & Trn*. 1,500 1914 18^ 19 '
Chic Trm & Tr pfd 2,:i00 3tf% 35 85%
C C C & Si Louis. 2.800 105- Ktt 10:1%
Colorado Southern. 4,400 28U 27U ' 27*4
Colo So 1st pfd 700 7H' 72%'-. 7214
Colo So 2d pfd SCW 45 44 >4 44
t>ela & Hudson 100 172' ' 172' 171
Dela Lack it West og2
Denv & Rio Grande 3,«00 44M 42'i W-.
Denv & It G pfd... 1.500 02V4 81 Ol'/i
Erie 4,800 :J7>4 30"& - 30^
Erie 1st pfd 300 ..CSV* 68%, C8Vi
trie 2d pfd ..... My.
Great Northern pfd 100 185 % 1S5% 185
Hocking Valley .. 1,000 82 81 u. &\y.
Hocking Vail pfd .. ..¦ %[ £
Illinois Central ,2,500 142% 142W 1424*.
Iowa Central 500 411 4S% 41)
Iowa Central pfd., -200 85 . 84»i 84%
K C Southern . 500 23% 23 2oS
K C Southf rn prefd 2,200' 07 - 60% 5*J<*i,
Lake Erie & West. 900 CSV, eo 'm
Lake Erie & W pfd 100 130 130 1^0
Louis & Nashville. 1,56,100 110?i 107% lOO^
Manhattan L...... 14,200 135% 134% 134 1*
Metropolitan StRy 0.700 1«7 1C4%1C5"
Mexican Central... 1,500 29% 20% '¦ "uy.
Mexican National.. 500 10% 10 10
Minn & St Louis.. .100 nn\i 10D>4 - 108%
Missouri ..Pacific... 34,700 102 ioo 1X)IV,
Mo Kansas & Tex. 200 24% 24% 24%
Mo Kns & Tex pfd. 4O0 55% 65 54%
New Jersey Central .... ..;. 192
New York Central. 200.103% 1C3 Ktt%
Norfolk & West... 2,000 57 56»V oo%
Norfolk & W pfd.. ..... .... .... 90
Ontario & Western 1,100 32% '32% .32%
Pennsylvania 4,200 151 150% 150'A
Reading 1.700 S7tf 66%- 67%
Reading 1st pfd... C00 82% 82 82
Reading 2d pM 1.400 C8Vj C«Vi 08%
St Louis & 8 F.... '4,700 72Vi 71 '71%
Et L & S F 1st pfd. 83..
Bt L & S F 2d pfd. 1,200 74% 74 74U
6t L Southwestern. .700 - 28% ¦ 27% 28
St L Swestern pfd.. 12,400 01% 53% 61»,i
6t Paul 23,600 1C»% 187% 1(38%
St Paul pfd 600 194 191 102
Southern Pacific... 13,700 ' <i5% . 65 CS%
Southern Railway.. 13,800 XiV*. 32% 33
So Railway pfd 2,400 'Jo% 01% ' ai%
New York Stock Market.
j EASTERN MARKETS;
The following- are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
•ea«cn and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 22 44.6S
lt«d Blarr Trace 29.71 22. C9
Aj-ramcnt? ,.00 10.28 17.50
nut Francisco '.01 17.36 18 90
Freano 00 C.40 10.30
Independence 00 4.23 5.81
fcan Luis Oblspo 00 21. IS 27. VI
Loe Angeles 01 10.44 14. IS
Ban Diego 00 C.S3 10. SS
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C7: minimum, 50; mean, 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 42-iO Omaha 48-32
Cincinnati 44-20 Chicago .....32-24
Philadelphia 40-40 Duluth ....;.. 32-20
Jacksonville 80-52 St. Louis ..4.S-.J0
New York 44-10 Salt Lak* City. ..€8-40
Washington CO-40 1 Kansas City 50-34
CJ20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN' FRANCISCO. April 8, 5 p. m
Weather Report
Warm -weather has prevailed In all sections
during the week, with cool nights and occa
sional light frosts in the Interior. Rain has
rt&'.ien in all rarts of the State, with high
**r:nds and heavy rainfall in the coast an& bay
sections Sunday and Sunday nlpht.. Hailstorms
occurred in the S&n Joaquin Valley on the 1st.
Grain has made rapid growth, and prospects
continue good for unusually heavy crops of
wheat, barley and oats in the central and
northern districts, with nearly average, crops
in most other sections. Barley is heading out
m many places, and cn« small field in San Luis
Oblspo County has been harvested, with good
results. Work is progressing in sugar beet and
hop fields. AlfaUa harvest will commence in
some places during th« next few days. Hay is
in good condition and will yield a large . crop.
Pasturage is i>lentiful. ¦ ¦ .
Nearly all deciduous fruits are in full bloom
in all parts of the State, and give indications
of an unusually large yield. Vacavllle apricots
are reported as large as almonds and the trees
heavily laden. Oranges are in bloom in the
Sacramento Valley and Southern California and
young citrus fruits are appearing in San Diego
County. YTalnut buds are opening.
Sacramento Valley^— The weather during the
week has been warm and favorable for crops
of all kinds. Frequent showers have occurred
in nearly all parts of the valley, and .heavy
rain fell in the northern portion Sunday. Grain
is rapidly regaining color and making good
growth. 'Winter wheat on the bottom hinds is
in much better condition since the rain. Pros
pects continue good for heavy • crops of_ wheat
and Ban^y. XTorE"ln*!i6pTIeTa«"iB pr5gresslns
favorably. Green Teed is abundant and of ex
cellent quality. Pears are In full bloom at
Wheatland and Guinda. Almonds are said to be
dropping in ecme places. The present outlook
is good for heavy crops of cherries, plums,
peaches and pears. At Vacavllle apricots are
now as large as almonds. Citrus fruit* are In
good condition: oranges have commenced bloom
ir.g in some places.
Coast and bay sections. — Warm weather has
prevailed during the week, and conditions have
been very favorable for all crops. Light show
ers have fallen at intervals, and heavy rain fell
Sunday and Sunday night, with high southeast
winds. Grain and grass have made' rapid
growth and are In excellent condition. There
are some reoorts of a short yield of grain, in
portions of San Benito County, but most cor
respondents state that prospects were never bet
ter for heavy crops of wheat, barley and oats.
One small field of barley near San Luis Oblspo
has been harvested with good results.. Work is
progressing in hop fields, orchards and vine
yards. All deciduous fruits are doing -well, and
g/.ve indications of a heavy yield, no injurious
gr-jft* having occurred thus far. Citrus fruits
+.1U- :n good condition.
Par. Joaquin Valley. — The weather has been
rlirhtly warmer than during the preceding
week, with cool nights and light frosts in some
sections. Light rain fell in nearly all sections
on Tuesday. Wednesday and Sunday, and hall
ftorms occurred on the 1st at Fresno, Parlier
end Del Rey. Grain continues in good condition
tnd is making Tapld growth. Some reports in
dicate that the acreage in wheat is much larger
than last season's, but that the yield will be
rmaller. owing to scarcity of early rain. Bar
ley is headlr.g out In pome places. Alfalfa har
vests will begin in a few days In -Fresno Coun
ty. Potato planting has commenced. Green
fe»d is plentiful. Irrigation water is reported
scarce in K«*rn County. Pears, prunes, peaches,
cherries and apricots are in full bloom: heavy
<rops are expected. Vines are about two -weeks
late. .
Southern California.' — Warm weather has pre
vailed during the week, and conditions have
been favorable for all crops. Light rain fell
in some sections on the 1st and 6th. Grain Is
in good condition and growing rapidly; tome of
the early sov.-n has commenced* head ing. . With
the average April rainfall there will be" good
crops of wheat, barley, oats and hay in -nearly
ell sections. Green feed is plentiful, and stock
Is doing well. Sugar beets are coming up. and
thinning is In progress at Santa Maria. Early
vegetables are !n market. Orange trees are Jn
bloom at Azusa and Anaheim and young fruits
*t* appearing on citrus trees in 8an Diego
County. Anri'-ots an< j peaches are in bloom,
and walnut buds are opening.
Lo* Angeles summary. — Good growing week,
trut warm sunshiny weather would advance
crop* ami fruits much fsurter. Complaint that
roine deciduous trees are backward in blooming;
weather too cool.
GENERAL SUMMARY,
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, sectlbn
director of the clim&ie and crop service of the
"\7 ea.tb.er Bureau. Is as follows: • .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northwestern portion of. the country. An area
of high pressure overlies Central and Northern
California and is slowly-moving eastward. Rain
has fallen from Eureka northward and brisk
southwest winds are reported along the north
ern coast.
The temperature has fallen elowly along the
ccast from Point Conception northward. ¦
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 9, 1902:'
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds, westerly on the. coast.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; * fresh
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair. Wednesday: brisk westerly
winds. . . . .
Han Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday
light northerly, changing to brisk - westerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official. -
FORECAST
Temperature — 7 a. m., CO degrees.
The following retail qunations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF — Roast. 10??15c per lb; Tenderloin
Fteak. ir>ffl"%c; Porterhouse Steak; 17%©2Oc;
Round Stes.lt, 1O£t12%c; Stew Beef. SglOc;
Ccmed Beef. SglOc.
VEAL— Roast. 12:gl5c; Cutlets, 15@18c
MUTTON— Roast, 12%c; Chops, 12%015c;
Bbtv. WJilOc.
LAMB— Spring. . 12%€20c; Roast. lSfflSc.
Cho}«. 15CT20c. • .
PORK— Roast, 1214015c; Chops. 15c
Retail Meat Prices.
cases. Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large, 4%c:
cases. Eastern style, tic; Boneless. 6c; "Nor
way," 5c; "Narrow Gauge," 5V£c; "Silver
King," 7c; Blocks, "Orientals." 5»£c; Blocks.
"Seabright," «V4c; Tablets, 7c; Middles, 6%©
Sc; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c; 2- 1b boxes.
Fancy Boneless, 7@Sc; Desiccated, per doxen,
80c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each, $7; Pickled
Cod. half-barrels, each. $4 25.
¦ COFFEE— Costa Rica, 14@15 for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 11%@12%c for prime
washed; lO^iQillc for good washed; — @13c for
strictly good washed peaberry; 9%@10^4c for
fair to prime washed peaberry; 9^£6>10c for fair
to prime peaberry; 10@llc for good to prime;
8%@9Vic for fair; 6@7%c for common t» or
dinary. . • "
Salvador — 12i£@13c for strictly prime washed;
lQyj(@V2c'tor good to prime washed; 9@10c for
fair washed; 10%@UVic for good to prime'
washed peaberry; ft^@10c for good to prime
semi-washed; 9i9»V4c for superior unwashed;
SUSSSsc for good green unwashed; 9@9->ie for
good to superior unwashed peaberry; 6@Tc for
common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15c for prime to fancy washed :
9%@llc for fair to strictly good washed; 8U9
»c lor good to superior unwashed; 9@t>»rac for
Food to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13@15o for prime
to fancy washed; 11%@12%c for strictly good
washed; ll@ll%c for good washed; 9%®10«4o
for fair washed; S@9c for medium; 6@7%c for
inferior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9%@10c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 8Vt@9c for good to superior
unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 29@32c; extra
heavy, 80@40c per lb; medium, 27@29c; light.
24(5 > 2Cc; Rough Leather, 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35@39c for No. 1 and 80@33o
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 29@33c;
Skirting, No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 3&8!3Sc; Collar
Leather, 15@16c per foot: Trace Leather. 40<3>
44c: Kip, unfinished. 40@30c per lb; Veal.
finished. . 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits.
14® 16c; Rough Splits. S@10c per pound.
TANBAEK — Ground, $25@2S per ton; stick.
$16@1S per cord.
OIL — California Castor Oil. In- cases. No. 1;
70c; pure,'$l 20; Linseed OIL in barrels, boiled.
76c: raw, 74c; cases, 6c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut.. 57%@«8c per gallon; pure Neata
foot, in barrels. -70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40®50c p«r gal
lon: Fish Oil.- barrels. 42%c; cases. 47%c: Co
coanut Oil, barrels, 63*£c for Ceylon and 58%a
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine; 25c; Eocene.
22c^ deodorized stove Gasoline, in. bulk. lR%c;
in cases, 22c; Benzine, In bulk, 14%c; In cases.
21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases.
20Hc.
TURPENTINE— «7c per gallon In case* and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. T®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 6%®7%c. according
to quantity.:
SALT — Liverpool. $30@32 50 for the best and
$2C®27 50 for factory filled. Domestic—Imita
tion Liverpool. $23 25®27; H. R. H.. $28 2&&
27; California Dairy, 50-lb bags, $23@26; Rock
Salt. $17 60019 60. according to quantity;
Granulated. $25 50@27 per ton. .. - ;•
QUICKSILVER— $45 50@47 per flask for lo
cal use and $44@45 50 for export.
SUGAR — The- Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-It»
bags: Cubes. A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.60c: Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.3Gc ; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.23c; Dry Granu- '
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100- lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.63c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 79
barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. *183?10 50; extra sizes,
higher; Redwood. $17@20; Lath, 4 feet. $3 9O9
4; Pickets. * $19; Shingles. $2 for No. land
$1 75 for No. '2; Shakes, $13 for split and $14
for sawn; Rustic, $25@31.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 8.
Flour, qr sk*... 18,268 Tallow, ctls...., 223
Wheat, ctls 1,830 Pelts, bdls 303
Parley, ctls 4.790 Hides, No • 835
ctlSi. 1.115 Quicksilver, flk. 29
Corn, ctla ......... . 410 ! Leather. rolU . . . .',E£-
Rye,:ctls. .'. '110 Wine, gals ¦ 40,600
Potatoes, sks... 2.08* Raisins, bxsv... 1,015
Middlings, sks.. 510 Lime, bbls 364
Flaxseed. sks... 410' Brandy, gats..,. 2.S0O
Hay, tons 359 1 Chicory, bxs.... 10
Straw, tons 24 Sugar, ctls 1,245
Hops, bales 31
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska... 4,900 1 Flaxseed. sks... 430
Potatoes, . sks. .. 31(5 Cornmeal, sks.. 400
iilii OREGON.
Potatoes, Bks...- 476.
ging. At the outset cables were barely , steady,
and foreigners . were j indifferent^ •-'.' .There .was
almost no outside. interest/ farmers being occu
pied with, their; farm: .work.:-; 'September ; was
sold early in liberal amounts and yesterday's
small gain' was soon wiped -out: 'The first-bit
of decisive' -news was the -report" of 926,000
bushels seaboard clearances. • - This Rave . a de
cided snap to the . market for ¦ a ¦ time and re-
suited in an upturn In prices. . . The early short
talent covered and there was some fair buying
on the anticipation of a- bull, turn before de
livery, day.. Receipts continue , very light "and
', crop reports in some instances, have, been
rather unsatisfactory., The . general, tenor of
the market after, the' ¦• extreme ,' early dullness
was much Improved, ' though' the advance - was
trivial.. May wheat opened %@"4c to a shade
lower. at'71%c to 71 Vic, eased to 71c and'ral- •
1IM quickly to : 71 % c. " The. close was firm, '
May %c higher at 71% @71%e. , .• .' . - -.
Corn started in again to-day on the. down
hill road. Cables 'were Slower, trade waa dull
and there was moderate liquidation. The, dull
ness, which lasted until almcst ' midday, ' gave
way to active buying, and corn advanced some
what buoyantly.- May closed strong. at its top
figure, %®%c higher,: at 58%c . . -. • ; ,
¦Trade in oats was not - heavy nor ¦ was tho
fluctuation wide. May closed steady, , %c
down, at 42%c. • ' ' ¦ -' '<.'. .-< ¦
. Provisions were ¦ early ' fairly- active. • May
pork closed 2% c up, lard 2%c higher and- ribs i
7"fjc up. - ' . . '. " * . . .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — • • -Open. Hl^h. ; Low;-- Close.'-'
Wheat No! 2— ' ¦•¦'.". j .¦'.''
May '•: 71 U .71%'., 7r- 71%
July 71% 72% 71% ',72*4
.September ..... 71% ' - 71%> 71 ' 71%
Corn No. 2— ¦ ' ¦.
May '......' '57% 58% 67% 6S%'
July .. . .08% 09 •..';• "08 '50
September 58% •-. -B8%- :07% '68%
Oats No. 2— ¦-. ¦ ";','¦"¦',-•"¦ - '•'¦ '*.¦--
May ....'.. 42%- 42% -41%. 42%
July ......:.... 3.-% S3% ' 33% - 333i <
September ..... ' 28% ' > 28% , 28% v • 2STs
Mess pork, per bbl — ¦; ;.' \ ¦¦ ¦ -.¦'¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ \
May.... ..10 40 16 45--1C25 16 45'
July ..10 55 10 CO .10 40 10 60 -
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May ....0 47% 0 50 0 40 9 50
July ....... '9 55 ¦9 62%. 0 50 .9 62%
September ..... 9 07% 9 72% 9 02% • 9 72%
Short ribs,- per 100 lbs — - - •
May...' 8 75 • 8 S2% 8 67% ,8 82%
July ;. 8 87% S 95 .8 82% 8 05 ;
September 8 07% 005.; 8 97% 905.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, steady;'
No. 3 spring wheat, 6S@71%tfJ No; 2 red.-77%c;
No. 2 oats, 42%#43%c; No. 2 white, 45@46c; No.
3 white. 44%(g45%c; No. 2 rye, 50@5t}%c; fair
to choice malting • barley. 61@«7c; No. 1 flax- j
seed, $1 00; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 75; prime
timothy eeed, $7; mess pork, per bbl,' $16 40®
16 45; lard, per 100 lbs. SO 45ig« 47%; short
ribs sides (loose), $8 7508 90; dry salted
shouldeis (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $1) 20@9 30; whisky, • basis of high
wines. $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8.
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments,
Flour, barrels . . .' 10,000 28,000
Wheat', bushels 07,000 268,000
Corn, bushels 82,000 130,000
\ Oats, bushels-. .141,000 133,000
1 Ilye, bushels 3.000 ..¦ 1,000
fiiarlcy; bushela ...37.000 ¦ ' . 14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
'market was steady. Creameries, 24@30c;
! dairies, 22®20c. Cheese, steady, 12@>13c. Eggs,
I firm; fresh, 1494<gl3c. . j
*-— — r— — — ; ... — ' t : ;. '*
CHICAGO," April ' 8.— Wheat trading the
greater part of the day was . dull . and drag-
Local siocks and bonds very quiet..
Shipment of $85,879 in specie to China.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
IVhcat' quiet and a fraction lower. Freights steady.
Barley and Oals steady at previous qiiptatwns.
Corn showing more firmness.' Rye still dull.
Xo further cliange in Hay and Feedstuffs.
Very fair demand for Flour and Millstuffs.
Beans inactive and weak. Seeds motionless.
Heaviest receipts of Butter for the season.
Cheese and Eggs in large supply and unchanged.
Almond crop said to be injured by heavy rains.
Nothing nruu in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Softshell Walnuts show some variations.
Provisions slow and featureless.
Increased receipts of new spring Wool.
Hops quiet and easy. Hides and Tallow unchanged.
Meat quotations stand about as befdre.
Potatoes firm, Onions steady and Vegetables weak.
Poultry in light receipt and firm. Game neglected.
Four cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Texas & Pacific..., 1,000 41%. 41 40%
Tol St L & Western 300 21% ' 21# '21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 1,300 38% 38 38%
Union Pacific 24,500 101% '. 101 > 101>
Union Pacific pfd.. 400 88 • 87% '¦¦ &7-)i
Wa^ash 2,000 24U 23^ i3'/4
WabaBh prefd . 12.500 44»i 43% 43%
W & L Erie ..2.000 '20ii'"l»%. 19',4
W & L Erie 2d pfd ' 1,000 33 '33 82V 2
"JV is Central 1,500 25% . 25 25^ a
Wis Central prefd.. 14,200 49% ' 48}i 43V4
. Express Companies — . V
Adams ..... '...'. ¦.;..- 200"'
American ¦¦..¦.- ' -, 230'
United States 100 ' 123 123 120 '
W «J! B - p » r *° •• 200
Miscellaneous — . -•;.-.:•¦.
Amal Copper 4S.300 67% 65* 65%
Ain Car & F 800 29% 29% 20%
Am Car & F prefd. 400 90% 90% 90%
Amer Lin Oil -300 24% °4% 24
Amer Lin Oil prefd '..... .'. -. 63ii
Amer S & Ref.... 1,300 48J4 47Vi 47^
Amer S& Ref prfd ..„ ..;* 97
Amer Loco 8,800 81 VI 80% 3U&
Amer Loco prefd... 200 92W 02% 92V1
Anaconda Mln Co.. 500 115 113% 114 ¦
Brooklyn R Trans. 9.100 66% 05% 05%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 17.300 101$ 08% 99%
Cons Gas 500 225% -225 224 4
SenerarEK^: SS 32^ 32^ 8%
Inter Paper prefd.. 100 74% 74% 74%
KdfS :;:::; -* 800 ° 9^ 97^
S S uU .-: 50 ° ggJj®Sft$8£
National Salt ...j. '.'.:". g 2
National Salt prefd .... *"* ¦ *'" rX
Pacmc 'cSSt**?- • * 1>7 °° "^
Pacific Mail". '.'.'.'.'. "266 42« 42% 42
?S2ST s G^r:;:;: Z >$* l %$ IM
PuTm e a d nlaTa a c r e P c r ar h 60 °
Republic Steel .... 900 ii-ii ifai • 17V.
Republic Steel pfd. 300 74 w« ' 7«i
irt«Hi§ilt!
U S Leather 2 500 13 1 2-v ?"¦»/
JJ % Leather prefd. 700 .s1% '£&- &
U| Rubber 1.800 17% 17 lb%
U S Rubber prefd. 700 Cl G0%. CO
US Steel.. .11.600 42 41^ 4K-1
US Steel prefd.... 7,100 04 os£ W?i
Western Union.... $00 00 90 '00
Total sales ..... .715,400
NEW YORK BONDS. '-
U J! r £ r 2s reg....lO9 L & N uni 4s....lO2tt
Do 2s coupon.. .103 M ex Central 4s.. 84%
Do 3s reg......iO8V J Do 1st inc 83%
Do 3s coupon.. .109% Minn & St L 4s,.104»l
Do new 4s reg.. 1.19 M K & T 4s... 100%
Do new 4s coup.139^ Do 2ds. 83%
Do od 4s rcg...m NYC lsts 104
Do old 4s coup. Ill Do gen 3V. s ....l09%
6s reg 100 N J C gen 5s. . . .130%
.P°Cs coupon... 100 N Pacific 4s....lO5it
Atchlson gen 43..104 • Do 3s 74W
Canada So 2ds....lO8 Bt L Swstrn lsts.lOOH
Central of Ga 5e.l11% Do 2ds SU4
Do 1st inc 81:% S A & A pis'.!'. 01%
Chesa & O 4i.As..lO8% B Pacific 4s 34V
,^ h n f lt0 " 3%s - 84% R Railway 5s. V.V. 122%
C B & Q new 4s. 06^, j^ex & Pac l«tnHl$o*
C M & Et Pg 4s.ll5% Tol St L & W 4s. 82%
£ § ? f°Z 7a.... 1.10% U Pacific 4« 105%
C R 1 & P 4s....lT2£ Do conv 4s.. 107*4
Z£ C& g.tLg4s.lO3% Wabaslr lsts. . . . .110%
Chicago Term 4s. 80 Do 2ds H0>.4
Co 10 & S** 8 94% Do deb B 76%
Denv & R G 4«.. 101% West Shore 4s.. ..113
Erie prior Hen 4s.lOOH Wheel i L E 4s.. 01%
DO gen 4s..... 87% Wise Cent 4s DSU
F W & DC lsts. 112% 'Con Tobacco 4s.. 66
Hocking Val 4%s.110Vj 1
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con. ...»..'.. 25 Little Chief...:.... 11'
Alice ..... 47 Ontario ..875
Breece 50 Ophir .:... 90
Brunswick Con.... 10 Phoenix '. 00
Comstock Tunnel.. 0."> PotosI 13
Con Cal & Va....l 25 Savage 01
•Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada ..... 20
Horn Silver... 1 40 Small Hopes....:. 45
Iron Silver....'..'.. 75jStandard ...:... ..3 35
.Leadvllle Con..... 05|
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — _¦ j ' Mining — -.
Call loans.. 4 @.*i! Adventure ....... 22%
Time, loans 4Vi@5| Allouez ...' 31^
Bonds — I Amalgamated ... 65%
I Atchlson 4s 103 Vi Baltic 0SH
Mex Central lsts. S3 Bingham 27%
-N E Gas &; Coke .'CO Calumet & Hecla.iiOS'
.'-Railroads—.-. Centennial ....,." 19^
Atchlson •....-.-.. 77% Copper' itamje con 5S *-a
¦Do prefd.. .....0*7% ¦¦ Dominion Coal... 135
Boston & Albany. 263% Franklin '..;.'. ....12
Boston & Maine.. 194% I»Ie Royale... .... 10
Boston Elevated. .168Vi Mohawk 30
Fitchburg pYefd..l47% Old Dominion 21%
Union Pacific 101* Osceola 04
Mexican Central.. 29% Parrot 25*
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 125
American Sugar, .l.iiw Santa Fe Copper. 3>&
Do prefd, 119% Tamarack 17
'Dom Iron & Steel. 62% Trlmountain 100
General Electric. 325H Trinity .......... 13%
Mass Electric... .*HHi United States.... 19
Do prefd MltjUtah 22%
N E Gas & Coke. 5% 'Victoria g£
United Fruit 1C£ 'Wlnona lit
U S Steel 41 K Wolverine r>5
Do prefd 1»3% Daly West 42%
Westlnghs com.. .100%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money. 94 1-1C.;N Y Central 167 •
Do, account.... 04%|Norfolk & West.. 58 '
Anaconda :. 5% Do prefd....... 02
Atchlson 70% Ont & Western... 33
' Do prefd 100 Pennsylvania .... 7C%
Baltl & Ohio 108% Reading 29%
Canadian Pacific. 118V1: Do 1st prefd...: 42
Chesa & Ohio 47V»! Do 2d prefd 84%
Chic Gt Western. 24V4 So Railway..... ;. 33 »i
C M & Et Paul.. .171%! Do prefd »«ii
Denver & R G... 43% 'So Pacific 60%
Do prefd 93%;Un!on Pacific... .103%
Erie 47%; Do prefd 00
Do 1st prefd... TOvx'U S Steel 42%
Do 2d prefd 56% Do prefd Ortisj
Illinois Central;.. 140 WabaBh 24*%
Louis & Nash... 11 T% Do prefd. ..115 i
M K & T ;. 24%:SpanIsh< 4s....... 78V^
Do prefd . .. 55%
Bar silver, steady, 24%d per ounce. Money,
2U-I&3 per » cent. .
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent. "The rate of dis
count in the open market for three months'
bills is 2%@2 11-16 per. gent,.
-^London Market. .
NEW YORK,;AprIl 8. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says :-
The stock market was quiet and irregular to
day. -Consols were firm on the reported post
ponement of the budget in expectation of peace
developments. Kaffirs were good on unconfirmed
rumors of Boer surrenders, ranging from COu to
(WOO. Americans were weak early on the mo
mentary outlook> In New York. Attention was
confined to Louisville and > Nashville, which
New York persistently bought, the stock strong
ly advancing from 100% to 112%. London was
caught short. Other stocks were neglected, but
Denver and Rio Grande spurted 1 % " in the
street. Canadian Pacific relapsed a point. The
market Is nervous about the speculative fever
in Montreal coal and Iron shares.
Rio TIntou were strongly bought, the price
advancing %* to 44%. There are rumors of an
Amalgamated dividend to be paid.
The market repaid the. bank £2,000,000, but
remains Impoverished. - • -
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 8. — Money on call, firm,
at 5@0 per cent; closing offered at 7 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange easier, with actual business in
bankers' bilU at $4 S7% for demand and at
$4 85*4 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 80 and
$4 88%. Commercial bills, $4S4%@4 85%. Bar
silver. 53%c. Mexican dollars, 43c. >. . -
Government bonds, steady; State bonds in
active; railrcad bonds, strong. . '•
- Condition of the Treasury. ;
. WASHINGTON., April 8.— To-day's- state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund,. exclusive of the $15O,O00,C<'O gold rcfljrve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash' balance, '$180,643,959; gold gOti -
329,103. • >•
'...'¦ : CALL BOARD SALES.
¦- Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — May— 10,000 ( ctls, $1 OS;
18,000, $1 07%. December— 14,000, $1 00'*;
6000. $1 06>4. •¦-..'¦¦"¦'.¦¦"•> -.-•¦/¦¦'"' ¦ '. - ¦
¦ Regular Morning • Session — May — 4000 ctls,
$108. December— 12,000, $l;Ocy 4 .
Afternoon Session — May — WOO - ctls, $1 OS;
2000, $1 07%. December— 20,000, $1 00%; 2000,
'$1 061<,; ••¦'• .:¦:¦'¦ ¦" • ¦ •¦¦-.¦.;'¦, --. - .
BARLEY — Prices remained undisturbed, with
dull -trading, both on and off call. . The feeling
was steady, however, -i and . no holder would
make 'any 1 concessions 'to sell.-' The- stock on
the- coast, is veryillght, .but prospects are for
a heavy. crop. ' : - ..•¦".-. ¦ -. ¦• •
: Feed,^eViSflT^c for No. 1 and 93%@95c'for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97%c
¦@$1; Chevalier, $1@1 20. . . /• :.
:.. ' . CALL BOARD SALES.
; "InforrcAl Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 6000
Ctl8, 94C, ' ' - : .. ¦ . .
. Second Session — No sales. ' ;-"• ¦'?
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon i Session — December — 2000 ctls,
77%c. ¦¦: ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . •• " -¦- -:¦' :,¦¦:¦
. OATS — The market- continues quiet at firm
"out "unchanged prices.' Holders are indifferent
in view of the light stocks and. will not shade
quotations to make sales. . '&
Grays. $1 30@t 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, $l'40@i: 45; black, ?1 12%@1 32%; red.
$1 30ffil 42% -per 'ctl. . : ;¦ '-', '¦ '¦: •.?
CORNr-Sellers report slowly .Increasing
firmness for sound dry lots, which are scarce,
but there Is a good deal of damp and musty
stock which *¦ nobody -wants and it has to go
low. . . • . . -.
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 45; small round do.
$1 35@1 47%: white, $1 40@l 50 per ctl.
RYE — 92Vi@95c per ctl. The. market con
tinuos inactive and ; featureless.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 C5@l 75 per
Flour and'Millstuifs.
The millers continue to report a very fair de
mand for Flour. ' ¦
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50SJ
:: 75, usual, terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$"@3 CO for Bakers'; AVashington Bakers", $3
©3 50. -.-.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks aro 83 fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $a per 100 lbs; Ryo Flour, $3: Rye Meal.
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; •Hominy, $44?
4-25; Buckwheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 35@9; in
sicks, $0 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $0 50; Green.Peas.^e CO per UXMbs. g
th ; Hay and Feedstuff s;
; Bran rules firm at Monday's advance. Mid
dlings,' Rolled Barley and other Feedstuffs are
also in good shape for sellers. ' '
¦ There is plenty of Hay coming in to meet all
demands', and as a big crop is looming up the
fet-Ilng is more or less weak, though prices are
maintained.
BRAN—^1G 50@17 per ton. ;
"'-MIDDLINGS— $10 60@21 per ton. " . ;
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. ?21@21 50 per,
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, ?25@20; Jobbing.
?2f. 5()@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
S20S29 50; Cracked Corn, $29 509.10; Mixed
Feed, $1«©17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $0@U 50; Wheat . and Oat,
$S 50@li; Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa, $8®11;" Clo
ver, $7@U ; Volunteer, $C 50@8 50; Stock. $6@S
per ton. .^
.-s STRAW— 40©65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
'Lima, and Pink Beans are lower and Whites
continue depressed. Receipts are moderate,
but enough for . the limited inquiry.' There is
nothing new in Seeds. . e . •¦ ' ¦
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 60; small White. S2
©2 4Q; uarge White, $2 10@2 35: Pea.$.J 50®
a 75; Pink, $1 00@2; Red; $2 50ig!2 75; Black
eye, $4 60@4 60; Limas, $3 C0@.1 75; Red Kid
neys. $3 50@4 per ctl. v -
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 C5: Yel
low Mustard, $:} 25©1 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3*£c for Eastern; Alfalfa'from Utah.
lO^i^llUc; California, 10@10i6c; Rape, l-y 4 ®
"i-icu Hemp. 3!£c per lb. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles.. $1 60@2; , Green. $1 50
02; Blackeye, nominal. .
; Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables.
Extra fancy Oregon Burbanks were well
cleaned up. Little of the stock In first hands
will sell over $1 75. The demand was not very
brisk, as buyers were holding oft expecting
heavier I receipts.' ¦ New Potatoes cleaned up
well under a steady Inquiry for . shipment
north. There are very few Garnet Chiles in
the markot," but other seed Potatoes are plen
tiful and prices are unchanged.: '
There Is nothing new, to report in Onions.
Asparagus was lower under heavy receipts.
•There was some Inquiry* for northern shipment
and the local demand was steady; but dealers
were forced to lower tho asking prices to ef-'
feet sales. Rhubarb and P£as stood about the
same. Stocks were large, but the shipping de
mand did much to relieve the. market. There
wore • few vegetables received from . Los An
trele3 and the quotations .the chiefly for carrled
over stock. ' There were 475 bxs Tomatoes and
CO. bxs Peppers . received from i Mexico -by,
steamer. - - ¦ . i
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2^03^0 per lb;
old, SjU 25(igl 40 for Burbanks from tho river;
Oregon' Burbanks, $1'45$~)1.75; • Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 CO; River Reds. $1 50@l CO; Early
Rcse, for seed, , $1 CC(g>l 70; small Burbanks,
for seed. $1 10@l 30; Sweets. $1 09 tor. Mer
ceds in ska and $2 25 in crates.
¦ ONIONS — Oregons. . $2@2 15 for the- best* and
$1 7C@2 for lower.. grades; Australian. $3 25@
3 75, second, hands; Green Onions, 25@50c per
box. . ' . • - . ¦ .
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, • extra fancy,
$2 -25ft 2 50 per. box, $1 75@2' for No. 1 and
$1 25(gl 50 Tor No. 2; Rhubarb. 50c©$t per
box; extra fancy,' $1 25 ; Green Peas,", $2@3%c;
String Beans, from Los Angeles, 8@12%c; Cab
bage, 40c per ctl; L03 Angeles -Tomatoes. $1@
1 25 per box and $1@1 25 per crate; Mexican
Tomatoes,. 75c@$l 25 'per box.i including re
packed; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles do. 13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12'^fi 20c per
lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sk; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 50c??$l . per dozen f6r small and $1 23$
1 50 for large; Garlic, l>i@2%c; Los Ange!e3
Green Peppers, .12 *,4@15c; Mexican,- do, 8@10c;
Egg Plant, from Los Angeles. 20c; Summer
Kriuash, from . Los Angeles, $1(31 50; Marrow
fat Squaah. $10@15 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
$10@15; Mushrooms, nominal. .'
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry/ market : was firm, owing to mod
erate receipts of Callfornlan and the; absence
of Eastern i from the market. ' All . descriptions
cleaned up readily : with the exception of
Squabs and Small Broilers,whlch were hard
to>sell.-.. '•-/ - : : •--¦ ¦ • -x ¦ ¦ : . -¦...
- Game was . neglected. ¦ . Receipts • were •' about
28 sacks. : .'.•¦. = ¦ .i .•¦;¦.- i.
t POULTRY — Live Turkeys; 14©15c I for ¦ Gob
blers and 16@17c ; for : Hens; Geese, : per pair
tl-50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 60;«Ducks, $50
$0 for old and"$7@8 for > young; Hens, $4 60M
0; young Roosters, » $0 50@7-50; old Roosters.
$4 50&5; Fryers, $5 50r»0; ' Broilers, $5@5 50
for laree and • $2 50@3 50 , for . small ; Pigeons,
$1.: CO® 1.75 per dozen-, for ..¦ old, and. ?2 25@2 50
for Squabs.- - ; ¦¦.•¦;> -.*. -- -. •*„.. ¦/ .. -^. - ,.,-,, ¦
*GAME — Hare, %\: Rabbits, ; $1 25 for Cotton
tails and ?i for Brush; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese,'-. T5cQ!$l 25;, Brant, $1 25@2 perfdozen;
Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe, $3;; Jack Snipe,
$1 50. -v '-.- -.;:¦¦¦ ;.-',. ••.¦:...¦....' ;.;. _¦ ¦ ¦ . .
- Butter,; Cheese and Eggs.
T / Receipts of But.ter' yesterday were the • heav
iest ' thus i far.- this - season; - falling i Just ' below
¦ ' WHEAT IFREIGHTS^-Are steady, but quiet
on the ' spot : at 22s .6d@23s; 9d,. usual, options.
TheVhartered; wheat' fleet') In-port" has "a regis
tered tonnage'. of. 25, 540, "against 15,600: tons on
the •[_ same V date ,last'year; disengaged; ' 25.S00
tons,- against -9440;- on < the ."way*, to. this .'¦ port,
20S, 033 tons, against" 1G3.4C0. ¦ . ' .
¦; ; WHEAT— The ; .foreign . markets • continued
easy, with; lower futures 'at Paris. '\ ; .
;•• Chicago wires : to M. Blum & Co.'. reported
that market dull, with the crowd bearish. The
Census Department report on crops makes the
total Wheat. Corn' and Oat crop 84<*:000,000
bushels more I than the Agricultural . Depart
ment report. / If ,the latter department adjusts
its estimates '.to j the former .' it . foreshadows 'a
bearish- report." .' ' : ,-'¦":. • Cf\3 ' •
KBolton.de Ruyter &'Co.'s Chicago wire said
that the Kansas . State : report was interpreted
to mean a yield of 30,000,000 bushels less than
in' 1001, : or a crop of (10,000.000 bushels. ,- The
crop In both Kansas and Oklahoma has not re
eponded to the warm rains and is worse off
than • a • week ' a'go:">".- Southern Nebraska, is af
fected precisely .as are the 'two above-named
sections, and reports ' damage of from 20 to 40
per cent. : The export demand at Chicago is
brisk. St.- Louis "reported 100,000 bushels for
export on - Monday, and there are. indications
of a wheat deal brewing there,
,v in this market shipping wheat was a frac
tion - weaker, but futures ranged about the
Fame. .¦•¦. ...>-.-'¦ : :• '..; •¦ . ¦-• • '. .
Spot Wheat— Shipping,- $1 08%@l 10; mill
ing, $1 12%@1-13% Per ctl.
Wheat -and Other Grains.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $85,
879, consisting of 54229 • in ' . Mexican Dollars,
$650 in gold coin and §81,000 in silver bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — ¦ $4 S6^i
Sterling: Cables, sight..'. •" — * &>%
Sterling Cables . . . . — .4 89%
New York Exchange, sight: ... — \ 12 '-h
New York Exchange, telegraphic . — : 15
Silver, per ounce* — 53%
Mexican ¦ Dollars, nominal...... — 45 j^
Exchange and: Bullion
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
i 1000 boxes, and every receiving house in*, town
! had. a ".full floor ' in consequence. Thua far
j orders for the northern coast and the "North
western ¦ States and Territories have kept the
market from breaking, but yesterday's dose
was a large one for the market to digest. A3
soon as quotations drop a little more the com
mission merchants will start In to pack, but
they do not care to risk their money at pres
ent , prices. The feeling Is naturally weak un
der the circumstances. ¦ : ¦ -
Receipts : of Eggs . were also very large? as
will be seen, and though prices stood the same
the feeling" continued weak. Storing continues,
and this is .the- only, thing , that, keeps prices
where they are. ¦ , :
• The shelves continue freely supplied with
Cheese, but .the market is steady at previous
prices. - ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ ' .
Receipts were 0O.S00 Dounds. 61 tubs and 1
keg of Butter, 2231 cases of Eggs. '8100 pounds
of California Cheese, pounds of Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per sound for
fancy,. 19c. for firsts and ¦ for. seconds;
dairy, l(i©19c: store Butter, 15@16c per pound.
CHEESE — New, 9Q>10c; old. 5@llc; Young
America, 8® 10c;, Eastern, 13#15c per pound.*
BGGS— Ranch, 14@15c; store, 12%@13%c
per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Several . drawers of Strawberries were re -
ceived'trom Palo Alto and Mountain View yes
terday and sold readily at $1 75<@2 per drawer,
j All grades of Oranges were reported steady
at unchanged ' prices and other Citrus Fruits
stood about the same. Four cars of Oranges
will be auctioned . to-day. '
Banaras met with ready sale at the quoted
price.' Offerings are not very large and higher
prices are' looked for. as the trust has in
creased the prica at New Orleans.
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extras. $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and COc@$l for or
dinary. - " ¦' - ¦¦ ¦.- . ¦ . ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 73
for standard, $2@2 00 for choice and $2 50@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25; Seedlings, $10
1 75; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 75ft 2; Malta
Blood Oranges, $2@2 50; Tangerines, in quarter
boxes, 78c@$l and $1 25<3>1 50 in half boxes;
Lemons, 75c@$l for common and $1 25@1 75
for sroed .to choice and $2@2 75 .for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $1@3, including- seedless; Mexican
Limes, J4@4 50; Bananas, $1 75®;! per bunch
for New Orleans and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen. -.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
No. 1 soft shell Walnuts are In reduced sup
ply and higher, with a good demand, but No-.
2 arc plentiful and neglected. Reports from
the Almond districts rathery indicate a smaller
yield than previously expected, as the trees
were in blossom during the . long-continued
rains of a month or six weeka ago, and more
or less . damage is reported ' in ¦ consequence.
Otherwise there is | nothing ntw , under this
head. Fruits continue in light supply,* with a
steady outward movement, and Honey is quiet
and unchanged. The Raisin market is In its'
chronic muddled condition at Fresno.
FRUITS — Apricots. 9@11 for Royals and
10© 13c for standard to fancy. Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, S@Oc; sun "dried. 5c;
Peaches, 6 i A<gS'Ac; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
5@6c; unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs. 4%c for
black and 5%<g:6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-4V8. «Vi@C%c; 40-50' s. B@5Vic; SO-Ws. 4%
®4%c; 60-70's. *mV*c; 70-80-s. 3%@3%c; 80
90's, 3@3%c; 90- x 100'b, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6V4
@-7%c; Loose Muscatels. 6%c for 4-crown and
5»4c for saedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5'iic;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
S^c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials $3; De
hesa. |2 50; Fancy, $150; London- Layers,
$1 JB@l 35. , •; ... . . '
NUTS— Walnut*. No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2, 0%@7%c; No. 1. hardshell. 9c; No. 2, 7c;.
Almonds, 10%@12c . for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and U@7c for hardshell; Peanuts. .5@7c
for Eastern; 'Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts.
12-g:i2V2c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 5O@5.
HONEY — Comb. llC<jV2c for bright and 9@lle
for light amber; . water white extracted, 5<Q)
«c; light amber extracted, ~4@5c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27% ®29c per lb.
Chicago was a shade better oh the day. There
was not . much - activity. As prices advance
offerings decrease.. ¦¦". . . • • -.
Trade in this market is very slow and prices
show no change. • ~ ) ,k-a.;, ..- a^
CURED MEATS — Bacon,- 12%c p«r lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, i4c. for, .-light,
15c for extra light and 15%d for sugar-cured;
Eastern , sugar-cured Hams, .13%e; California
Hams, 12%<8>iec; Mess Beef, $9< 50 per bar
rel;'extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $11@11 60;
prime Mess Pork, $16; extra clear,. $22 50@23:
Mess. 518 50@l»; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50@12 50
«R«?J ki * 25 V Flgu ' Feet - * 4 75 «" Smoked Beef.
13i4@14c per lb. . . - -
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8@S%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%a thres
half-barrels 0*c; one tierce, 0%c; two tierces.
;9%c; flv» tierces. 9%p per lb. ¦ -¦•¦-•¦
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
The assortment of spring Wools Is Increas
ing, as will be seen by the new quotations.
Choice clips are in demand, but heavy and
defective are neglected. \
3 There is little to be said of Hops. Buyers
will pay up to. 14c, but no ¦••more. .' Trade. cx>n- '
n «ea quiet arid the feeling, is more . of ; l«sa.
The situation- 1 in Hiaies remains the same,
balttd are weak and in large supply, while dry"
are Just the reverse. Horse Hides continue to
.sell well. Tallow is steady at the good prices,
with light stocks everywhere. ¦ • • —
, HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 11,6c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10 &c« mediusa. 8@O%c; light, 8@8%c-
Cow Hides, 9c fer heavy and 8n<«%c for light •
Stags. Cigei/ic; Salted Kip, 8@S#c; Salted Veal
8i&9&c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 10c; Culu'
14c; Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf. 18o; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c
each; short Wool, 35@U0c - each ; medium 650
75c; lomr Wool. 90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,'
salt, ?2 75®3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. «1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c for- Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32HC dry salted Mexican
25c; dry Central American. 32 %"c. Goat Skins
— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. SOc;
medium. 35c. ' r '.. i . .-; ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2. 4V4®5c; grease. 2«@3%c.
WOOL— Spring— Northern free. r 14@16c; do,
defective, 13@14c: Middle county free,- 13@15c;
do 'defective. -12@13c; Southern, 12 months.
9@10c: do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c;
Nevada. 12®15c Der Jb.
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%@14o per
lb for eood to choice, first hands.
\: San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices for all descriptions remain about the
same. Beef is steady and unchanged. Mut
ton continues scarce and firm, while Lamb .is
In Increasing supply and weak. Veal is about
as before quoted. . Grain-fed Hogs are in light
supply while receipts from the dairies , are
increasing and .the market Is firm at the recent
advance. D reSSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: -,'-:•• j
BEEF — 7@7^4cfor Steers and C@7c per lb
for Cows. •
. VEAL — Large, 7%@8%c; small. 8»A@10c per
pound.
¦- MUTTON — Wethers, 8%@9%c; E-res. 8@S*£c
r<?r pound. .
LAMB — Yearlings. 9010c per lb; Spring
Lamb. Uy,@12V4c per lb -..»--- ,'
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7^@9%c per lb.
; LIVESTOCK MARKET. I
. The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:.
•CATTLE — Steers, SVO@l)c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7 1 / 4c; thin Cows, 4®5c per-lb. • . .
CALVES^ — i%@5}ic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4V4@5c; Ewes, 3Vi@4c per
lb (gross weight); . '- ' ¦ ¦
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%©0c per lb. llvewelght; yearlings,
4Vj@5c cer lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, .6i£e;
200. lbs and over, 6%c;: feeders. 5*i@
6Vic; sows, 20 > per cent off; boars, 50 per
cent • "oft, and stags, 40 per cent, oft from the
above quotations.
General Merchandise.
: . ,;' - 7.1 , . '. .. / " ' — : . ¦¦¦¦'\WJis0iZ8Jt.
." BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. :'7%®8c.v-.' ' - ' ' ,
CANNED ASPARAGUS— The California Fruit
Canners' .; Association quotes the following
prices for 1902. per case. 2 dozen cans to the
case:" Mammoth . White, $2 50@3 75; Large
White. $2@3 75; Medium White. $173@2*5;
Small White, $1 60; Mammoth ' Green. $2 65®
3 65: Large Green, $2@2 90: Medium Green,
fl 75@2 60; Small Green, $1 50.
CANNED FRUITS— The market is well sup
plied and weak, with . some cutting . reported.
The California Fruit Canners quote as follows;
in 2%-lb tins: Apples, $1 35@1 55; Apricots,
$1 25«1 50; Peaches, yellow. $1 40@l 65; do.
Lemon Cling, $1 50@l 75: Bartlett Pears, $1 50
@l 75; Plums, r $1 10@l 30; Nectarines, $1 25<§>
1 50: Muscat Grapes, $1 15@1 35; Quinces. $1 30
©1 55; Strawberries, $1 50@l 75; " Blackberries,
fl 4C@1 CO. . , .—- • .
- COAL — Wellington, $9' per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, ?0: Seattle.- $8 50; Bryant,. $6 50;
Roslyn, $7;'Coos Bay; $5 50; - Greta, $S;-- Walls
end," $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $.s 00; Cum
berland. $12 in. bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite : Egg-,. . ¦; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per- ton; Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton,
according to brand, p'jB^Sisr^rSJfi&tCJf
•_- CORDAGE — The ' local - cordage *' company
quotes as follows:'. Pure Manila, lfiVic per lb;
Sisal " size, 12 Vic; Bale Rope, 12 Vic for Sisal
and lC*£c. for Manila; -Duplex.-. 11 %c. Terms.'
'60 days or 1% per cant cash discount. Lots of
10.000 Ib3. lc less. •"-.•.
• PACIFIC CODFISH— -Bundles, ber lb. 35ic:
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
standard California, i 61s".%d;' wheat, in .Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris," quiet;- French ., country
markets, steady; weather: in England, cold. •
• COTTON— Uplands, 5d. • . ' - , -. -
22,000 bags, including: May, 5.25@5.30c; July,
6.45c; August, 5.65@5.(5Oc:' September, . 5. <>5c;
October,- 5.70c;. December, 5. 85® 5. 90c; January,
6c; March, 0.10c. •/"•'-. ¦¦'.'¦'-':¦ ¦'. '¦•¦¦¦¦
Spot Rio,, dull; No. .7 invoice, 5%c; mild,
market quiet; Cordova, 8%@12c.
• '• SUGAR — Raw, • weak r and nominal ; fair i re
fining,- 2 15-16c; centrifugal, 00 test, 3 7-16c;
molasses sugar, 2 1-1 6c; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
A -slow demand continued '¦..¦; for evaporated
apples; Jobbers buying - in t. a hand-to-mouth
fashion, • the feeling in all • grades . showing • an
easier tendency. Prices were unchanged. State.'
common to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9@9V4c; choice,
9%S?>10c; fancy, 10%(§>llc •. .'.--• .
'There ; was some .. business .in large-sized
prunes,.ywith the feeling steady to firm. Small
sizes were neglected and ' weak:. in tone. ¦ In
apricots and peaches there ' was . a fair jobbing:
demand noted and»the tone ruled. steady.
PRUNES— 3%@7c. " ' •
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14e; Moorpark, 11%@
12%c. i • . --¦'¦¦' .. .
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@18cjunpeeled, 8@10c.
THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY* APRIL 9, 1902.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
11
San Diego.... 30.04
Seattle 30.00
Spokane 30. 02
Neah Bay 29.02
Walla Walla.. SO. 08
Winnemucca .30.00
Yuma 29.82
C2
44
44
4G
r,2
r.2
ss
50
3C
34
34
36
32
54
NW
8
SW
sw
SW
sw
w ¦
Clear .00
Rain V.38
Cloudy .01
Cloudy '.S%
Pt Cldy .02
Clear .00
Clear " .00
Af!
1^
ETATIOJfa
a
0
3
3
t
2 2
Bg S3
E 3 E
c c
3 3
O
If
• ft
to
I 1
I
. .. s
I
Astorii. 30.C8
Baker 30.14'
Careon 30.10
Cureka 30.32
Fresno ."W.tS
Flagstaff . 29. JW
Pccateiio. Id..:;0.02
Independence 2».O4
tjos Antele*.. 30.02
Pho^iiSx ......29.78
Portland 30.14
J*<J BluCf 30.10
¦toeeburg 30.20
facramento . .'¦'.<*. 21
Salt Laks....S0.O0
Ian FYaBta«so.30.32
»*o U ©bUy 030.18
40 36 6W
42 28 SW
K 34 S
54 44 W
64 42 KW
C2 32 SW.
40 38 W "
CC 40 W *
70 46 W
64 58 SW
44 34 8
60 40 fiE
60 38 PW
<S2 48 8
62 40 . NW
58 60 W
CS 4( W
Clouflr .82
Cloudy .04
Clear .00
Cloudy. .22
Clear • .00
Clear " .01
Pt Cldr -01
Clear .00
Clear .01
Clear . T.
Cloudy' .88
Pt Cldy.T. ••
Cloudy . c..Z7
Pt CIdy .00
Cloudy S-.08
Clear .Oi:
Clear ; .(*
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION! fe AUCTION!
Fourth Consignment of D. MILLER H0RSE3
„ ¦ Will Be Sold
MONDAY. April 14. at 10 a. m..
1619 MARKET ST.
Horses suitable for all classes of work. Broken.
gentle, sound.
Alao 25 Head of ¦ CITY-BROKE HORSES and
25 BUGGIES, besides 25 SETS OS" ¦ \.'
. HARNESS, CART3. etc. -THE v SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WED 9, lflfel
12
SAN" KRANCISCO CALL. "
•BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; ope'n
vr.tll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
I5HANCH O|FriCES-5*^ Montcomery street,
ccrncr Clay; open tiaUI I*: 30 p. m. * . •
*">00 He yes rtroct; open until 9:30 p. m.
<»' McAllister street; open' until 9:30 p. JO.
Et Larkin rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
J*-il Mission ctrect; open until 10 p. m.
"2C1 M&rket Rlreet. corner Sixteenth: open
bDUi 9 p n; -
10C Eleventh street: or>cn until O p. m.
3<!9G Valencia street: open until a p. m.
rrortiiwest corner Tvrer.ty-sK'jcd and Ken-
UK ky Etr«ets; oi>on until » p. ra. .
1^00 Fllh-norij street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
JiOUXT MOniAII Lodge No. 44, F. and n
A. li— Meeting THIS iWEDNES- _jf%_
DAT) EVKXiKg. at 7:30 o'clock. 'KZf
Klret Ue^ree. * '
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodse No. 139. F. and A. m
U.—li. ad THIS EVENING, April 9. Mk
r.t 7:L0 o'clock. Uy older of the \V. M. lC^f
H. FORTRIKDE. Secretary. /Vi
MISSION Lodce No. 169, F. and A. M. m
— Called meeting THIS (WEDKES- JV
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'cloci. 5LX
Kirst Degree. - f^r >
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary-
KIXG SOLOMON'S Lodae No. 280 f\ »
and A. M., lS3a Flllmcre st Ftret £^
Degree THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- "tf V
ING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V>
HARRY BASHR. Secretary.
FARNSWORTH Lodce No. 85, I. v *5*s«L;"tt.
0. O. F.— Visiting brothers and
members are invited to be pres- r£z$&i$£~
ent THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING. Ei>eclal work by D. D. G. M.
" Dubois and instructive lecture by WILLIAM
1. BHOBECK, P. G.
GEO. C. BUBMAK, Recording Secretary.
HERMETIC Brotherhood. — Open meeting every
THURSDAY EVENING, at S o'clock. 509
Van Ness ave. Come and see us.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. J. Challen and John A.
Tucker in the Topaz Centennial mine, near
Quincy, Plumas County, to deposit tailings
behind the dam of the Quincy Mining and
Water Company, in Wauponsie Creek, and
from Louis W. Clark and B. D. Dobyns, In
the Golden Needle mine, near Brownsville,
Yuba County, to deposit tailing* in Dry
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 84, Flood building. San Fraa-
clsco. Cal.. on April 14, 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the members of the
Society of Progressive Spiritualists will be
held at their office. 5322 Seventeenth st.
SUNDAY. April 13. at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeUng. -
JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. ~
ficro'utlons, etc. In flrst-cla«t manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post >t.
AGENCY WANTED. %,
WE want first-class solicitors everywhere to <
eell stock; if you are made of the right kind
of fetuS we can ehow you how to make good
money in the next 12 months; absolutely new
and attractive; has more good, convincing,
talking points than* anything else; for a per-
manent business it has no equal; and is es-
pecially adapted to cities and towns of the
Pacific Coast; call mornings. 10 to 12. 319-320
Parrott building. San Francisco. |
"^STROLOGY. -."'.-¦¦ ~~
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings !
by r:ail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
C13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet:
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
<S. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
an cases. J. M. THURSTOX, 813 Market st
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
¦""•ket st. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
=
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN la selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thing out: agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
ere; repairing; bells, pumps. 301 Larktn st
" t BIRDS, DOCS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and iancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
.cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market £t.het8th&9th.
~ BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — Infant to board; best of care Ad-
drcES MRS. H. R.. 1611. Brush st. Oakland.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holaae3. 1149 Market: teL Howard 1940.
"2 BUSINESS CHANCES.-
A— $lS00; SALOON with mercantile lunch?~14
rms.; rent $C0; close to Palace Hotel; no night
¦work; a first-class i>aying place; established
years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $1000; CANDY store and faHery; best loca-
tion on Larkin ct; an elegantly finished store
_ and first-class paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G*4 Kearny st
A— 4e5C; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
- $40; place flret-class paying; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing-mills and lumber
yards. Call li. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st |
A — DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in I
choicest location of this city; established i
many years; large trade; big profits; stock
invoices about $3500; price $4000; rent $20
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny ct . "
A— $SO0; BUTCHER shop; established years;
doing 1 a first-class business; located in Oak-
land; rent 435, including 7 rooms. 2 horses,
1 wagon, 1 cart Particulars R. G. WILKE.
26*^ Kearay st - - ;
A — 52000; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts. ; rent $55, including 6 pri- ;
vate rooms; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE
26% Kearny gt
A— $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety store, with telephone and
laundry office, in booming town across the
bay; place clears above $250 during 8 months
in the year; investigate at once. R. G.
WILKE, 20% Kearny st
A— «1COO; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devlsadero st; rent $25- at
least $800 stock on. hand; good business
eickness only cause of sale. Call R. G
WILKE. 2C% Kearny st
A— $3C0; RESTAURANTk Third st; good.
$350 — Firet -class place; lunch house.
$300 — O'Farrell; restaurant; money maker.
$33 — Fixtures of barber shop; good. *« "
$200 — Fixtures of barber shop; excellent
Sound value for your money.
Buy from us and save commission. -
D. McRAE Furniture Co.. S37 Mission st
RESTAURANT at a sacrifice; good location;
family troubles; in payments. D. 'McRAE
837 Mission et. *
ROHLFS & CO 41 ThirdTt
Furniture store in heart of town, doing a
fine business; a snap; $750.
Private house of 8 rooms; good furniture;
rent $20; a bargain; $350.
Cigar etore on city front; fair stock; re-
ceipts 58 a day; trust be sold; $100.
Wanted— Man with $400 as partner in well-
established office; good live man can make'
from $30 to $35 week. 41 Third st
X WANT a young gentleman with $3000 in
cash to Join me in one-half Interest In a sea-
Bide summer and winter resort I have Just
erected wh&rf end buildings suitable for din-
ing-room, icecream parlors, curio salesroom,
dancing veranda, bathrooms and bathing
beach, glass-bottom boats, sail and row.
boats, fishing tackle, etc. The above . resort
is situated in one of the best locations in the
State, adjoining the most fashionable hotels,
where the Eastern and local tourists are
coming and going ell the time, besides reg-
ular patrons, pampers and excursionists.
Very little, or no "Competition exists. I will
entertain proposition from any live active
young gentleman who Is willing to Join and
build up a business that will pay handsome-
ly; reference required. Address box 4M2
Call office. _ ¦~^\ 1
A— $650; OYSTER and chop house 4th. near
Market; receipts $35 day. STRAND. 209
Kearny st.
A— $450; RESTAURANT; receipts $25 day:
CTtat bargain this week. STRAND, 209
Kctrny-st.
THE controlling stock of one of the best pay-
ing incorporated businesses in the State for
sale that will stand the closest scrutiny; this
is positively a rare chance: fine Investment
Business Board Trade. 320 Pine st
ALL kinds of real estate for sale and exchange;
locging-houtes. stores, restaurants hotels
saloons and many other business chances for
sale. HEALY & CARR. 927 Market, r. 208.
•DRUGSTORE. $2500; Centra! location; on busy
eiTfff. eplendid opportunity for physician
. DECKER. 921 Market et
'SS'S— PARTNER in first-class business* will
teach you the business. DECKER,. 921 Markt.
$300— PARTNER wanted in established busl-
neps; $18 to $25 week, with chance to in-
crease; no experience required. 25 Geary st*.
room 4.
A— DON'T pay JjOO fcr a $100 cigar standT
[After calling on other, agents . without suc-
cess, conduit HEDGES, 4G1-4C2 Parrott bldg.
RESTAURANT; good location; sacrifice; call
make offer. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market. .
I
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions ;¦ 34
: good positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business. College.-. 1236 Market
DANCING quickly taught; private or cla»s.
.-:¦ BARKER'S Academy, 723. Market st. . V
i $5 ONLY— Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert 302 Van Ness ave.
! ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
I ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALWS Business 'College.' 24 Post st. S. F.;
-founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue ¦ free. * .-
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^^^
A— JAPANESE reliable ' house-cleaning.' conks
and waiters furnished 'at short : notice. Geo.
Klnoshita, 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell S501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
N reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
CHINESE and Japanese* help;' estali. 20 years..
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
¦ : -; ton ; tel. Grant 168 ; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. : 421- Post. GEO. AOKI; teL Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee ; all kinds help'. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, . Chl-
nege help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutterjtel.Black 5072.
EJ«PJiOJji^IENJT^WANTJED-— JFEM^LE.
A GERMAN second girl; good waitress and
seamstress; refs. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A YOUNG German woman wishes work- by the
Hay. Tel. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
POSITION ¦ by a . plain Germ-in woman with
two young girls with a good re'.lgious family
in . country for cooking and general house-
work; near a school; no mail.- 132 Fourth
St., , room », second floor. ( '
CAPABLE woman wishes a situation in a prl-
' vate : family ; does cooking ' and downstairs
work; city or country. Please call 47 Shlp-
'. :, ley st. ; . • :¦ '.-.'----. -¦'¦'-[
WANTED— Position by Eastern lady as ex-
perienced bookkeeper and stenographer; ref-
erences. C. POMMERT, 1011 Sixty- third st,
• Oakland.' I
WOMAN. with one child wants situation; first-
class cook; good- home preferred." . Address
M.S.. box 4832. Call. ' •
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires situation to do
light housework- and take care \ot children.;
"2 Hampton court, oft Harrison st, nr. Third. |
GERMAN woman • wants work by ¦ the day,
. washing and j cleaning. Address 2750 Har-
.risori st v ; '•¦•.-'¦ ¦ I
COMPETENT German girl' wants position 'to
I care for children; English family; $25. Call
' 1305 Van Ness" ave.. In afternoon. •-
A GIRL would like place to take care of child.
Apply 412 Linden ave.
EXPERIENCED machine operator on men's
coats. F. NELSON. 1407 East Ninth st
A LADY of refinement and education wishes
position, also a first-class cook, or to take
charge of: first-class rooming-house, or cook-
! ing for a club; . can come with ¦ references.
Address box 4S20. Call office.
RELIABLE -woman wants situation as chil-
dren's nurse or companion to elderly lady;
first-class references; willing to «sslstwlth
housework and sewing. | 120 Fourth st. .
COLORED woman desires place as cook in pri-
vate family. Address C. H., 1006 Clay st/
GIRL wants, situation to- do housework. 20S
Hickory- aye., bet Fell and Oak, near Gough.
WANTED— By reliable young woman, work of
some kind for evenings attending children or
Invalid lady; experienced. Box 4726. Call.-
SINGLE v lady wants position as housekeeper in
the mountains. * Box 4257, Call office, Oakld.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200. rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
. bus : and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ¦ ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st )
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore. [
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia st. ..¦•_-. .. -.-¦ ¦<->; - _
E»I FLO | YMENT WANTED— MALE. '
A FIRST-CLASS German gardener, thoroughly
understands every branch of gardening, flow-
ers and vegetables, can milk, run gasoline en-
gine, handy with tools, wishes position; refer-
ences. Gardener, box 4835, Call office.
POSITION wanted by, thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
. man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his. business thorough-
ly; references. Box 1464. Call. *
FIRST-CLASS window.- dresser j-(drapery and
fancy goods) desires . position ' in San Fran-
cisco; reply early. J. A. BROCK, Casllla
791. Valparaiso. Chile. . :
A YOUNG man, patient, kind and experienced. I
desires situation as attendant. to an invalid; j
mental or physical ; moderate salary. ¦ Box ;
-4839. Call office. • ---¦¦ -- j
NURSE, with best of references; well liked by
all; surgical or medical ;- rates $150 day.
. Box 4830. Call office. •
A GERMAN -gardener wants situation in pri-'
-vate family or man about place; good refer-
" encea. Box 4838. Call. .
A YOUNG man wishes position- with -private I
family, or to go on cattle ¦ ranch ; is willing'
and obliging. Box 4840, Call. j
POSITION as salesman in gents', furnishing '
"goeds department; some experience; speaks
some Spanish. Box 4814, Call office. .
WANTED — By man - and wife, a place for
.country resort; state particulars. Address
box 4828, Call office..
YOUNG German bartender wishes a position In
. country or city; ¦ prefers ¦ In country; recom-
mendation given. .Box 4830, Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position as
clerk in summer hotel. Address W. J. B.,
237 O'Farrell, st. . . ' ¦
SITUATION wanted by a Danish man 66 years
old; understands gardening, flowers, vege-
tables', fruit, care of horses, poultry: can
milk; .best of references; wages about $30
month, Address or call 331 Kearny st.. r. 36.
YOUNG American with a thorough knowledge
of the fruit and produce business; can furnish
Al reference as to ability. Address JOHN J.
SHEA a Baldwin House. • \
ENGINEER and blacksmith would like position
In sawmill.' Address box 4739," Call office.
FIREMAN, wants position; seven years' ' ex-
perience; best of references. Box 4740, ; Call.
SITUATION wanted by ¦ an Industrious Japa-
nese as schoolboy; lately came to this country
-from Australia; -upright character. • K. NO-
MURA, 12 Quincy st, San Francisco.
CLASSIFIED advertisements - and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. :. -. . - : . . ' '
FINANCIAL. . '¦- - •-->.
raE~"pi^ntrinrvingyri>^
San Francisco, Cal.; has a subscribed capital
of threo million dollars. -..- Reserve fund. $100.-
000. The only association in California with
a permanent- non-withdrawable capital, pro-
S tcctlng investing ' shareholders from possible
. loss. Earnings for 1901, 9" per cent. Guar-
antees and pays 6 per cent. on $100 certifi-
cates, withdrawable after one year. Make
definite loan contracts. * Interest low.
' Directors- 1 — A. -.A. Watkins. -¦ vice ¦ president
- W. W.- Montague ;&' Co.".* and president Board j
of Trade, S. F. ;- Charles R. Bishop, vice
president Bank of California. S. F.. director
Savings and Loan Society, S. F., and Call- I
fornia .Title. Insurance and Trust Co.. S.'F.; !
" S. . Prentlsa Smith, ; late assistant cashier j
' . Bank of California.' S. F.. director National
Kank'of D. O. Mills, Sacramento; George C.
'Roardman. - General Aetna Insurance • Co.. S.
F.. director San - Francisco Savings Union;
Charles E. Ladd of Ladd & Tllton, bankers, ,
. Portland, ¦ Ci-.; ¦ Gavin .'McNalv attorney at
law; Clarence Grange, late Building and Loan
Commissioner of Montana.
Trustee — Mercantile- Trust . Company * of
San Francisco. ..-' '\
PACIFIC -Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— W*
.. have 42 officesin operation;, new. method of
' placing stocks .and bonds;? companies lncor-
- poratrd; stocks and bonds underwritten. > Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed ;> stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted: inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
"us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.;' 32ft Po«t
-.-'¦-..-:¦¦-•.'¦'-• .-'-' FLATS '-> TO 'LET.; : ''7:.'.'. ; : .
TO LET— New flats. I cheap. o^FredericK st,
.near; Stanyan. '.opposite Golden ' Gate iPark.
:Apply,G.H.* ; UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgom-
:-;-ery.at. ¦..•'•; ....;,. - : -. -.'" ..'¦':. ¦ ; -.'
FLAT— 3 rooms; yard; water free. 358 Third
,'. st; $10.. . •;-. ¦¦¦-¦. - ¦¦-¦'¦¦¦¦¦ : ¦:- - '. ' ¦:'¦¦- ,;
. A WEEK'S. news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.'
>16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year. :
"FLATS "_, TO . LET-7-FURNISHED. ; - :
ASHBURY Heights-^Sunny, cheerful,* new flat;
newly; furnished; reasonable.- 1200 Waller st.
X ¦*, ._ FURNITURE FOR SALE. ":; .
AT CAVANAOH ; FurnTtureTco.; ; 848 * and ; 850
'¦¦ Mission st. — Special Inlaid linoleum, 65c yard;
couches. $3; stoves, $5;. chairs, 35c; bed sets.
$8 and up; 4 rms. furn.. oak, $48, JT047 stove.:
4 ROOMS furnished ln;oak.- $48 B0. -With No." 7,
range.. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE t of 3- room flat for sale; almost
"new; rjfct $12. -522A:Natoma st _• ; ¦
— . ... y .. . -— : ; r
BUSINESS CHAXCES— ContlnpeA. ' |
A """• ' Near the Call building.
MARION GIUFFIN. 719 Market st, ims. 1-2.
' - Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
BUSINESS CHANCES A SPECIALTY. \
A grocery store fcr $700, nice corner; rent
$17; 3 living rooms, i E
Grocery and bar, S3O0; rent $25.
Saloon, rent $45;. daily sales if20; $800.
A fine meat market tor $1200; 2 horses. 2
wagons, fine fixtures; rent $45; dally saU8?76
Transfer busincEs; 3 wagons, 5 horses;
$1350; rent $15; good * business.
Delicacies, branch bakery, 3 r., rent $15.?27.">
Branch bakery, clearing $40 month $2.">0
Fine cigar .stand: clears ?75: price $325
Grocery, $1000; 3 living rooms; clears $126.
Grocery and bar, J|C>00; daily tales ?12 lo $15.
Restaurant, $500; clears $150, on Markoc st.
A— IF you wantito sell your store, saloon, ccal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business cr want a partner In any'J'alr-
paylng business see K. KENNY. 75 Third St.
Cash customers waiting; established 1868.
A» — $850; PARTNER, in cash grocery and liquor
store; established 10 years: full value in
sight; one of firm retiring; remaining partner
thoroughly understands the business. IC
KENNY. 75 Third st
A— JOSEPH STRAUB. ' , .
850 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.'
Rents Collected. '
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent.
INVESTORS — Fortunes have been made from
. small sums Invested in helping successful in-
ventors. If you wish to assist such you may do
so through me. Send $1 filing fee for your ad-
dress and state class of inventors you desire
to meet. F. P. MEDINA, r. 7. 532 Market St..
S. F. Reference, Postal Telegraph-Cable Co.
FINE grocery and saloon for sale; at terminus
of car line; with house and 4 lots; reasonable
to right party. Box 4818, Call office.
CORNER ¦ grocery and bar: kept by present
owner 15 years; a first-class location and pay-
ing business. 748 Brannan st "
$400—80 ACRES in Scotch Valley, Siskiyou
Co. ; good, level land. Box 4S34. Call office.
SALOON for sale opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East st, north of Market.
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 A
year; name, leaaj, good will, furniture, fix-
tures etc.. all go; opportunity given for In-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511, Call.
FOR SALE— Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
! Joll of $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo, Cal.
MILLINERY store for sale in best town In
Eastern Oregon; $700 down. $700 on easy
payments; doing excellent business; personal
reasons for selling. Address P/ O. box 170.
Sumpter. Or. ,
NURSERY and florist business for sale; bar-
gain; owner must leave the city -by July;
buyer can work himself into the business by
•wfcrklug for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON. 500 Haight st.
WANTED — Wholesale liquor store or flrst-clasa
saloon; must clear over $300 month. Ad-
dress with full particulars box 4701. Call.
FOR sale — Restaurant opposite Golden Gate
Park; suitable for cook and wife; low rent
C10 Stanyan at -
$500 BUYS Interest in cattle in Santa Clara
County; must have homestead right Box
4823. Call..
FOR «ale' or exchange — Fine road house, a
short distance from San Francisco. Inquire
613 Pacific et.' : -' -'- ¦¦¦¦•'- :¦--.- '¦-¦-¦¦
GOOD paying shooting gallery for sale; pro-'
•prletor has two places; can't tend to both.
Inquire 523 Pacific st ¦ . -¦ .
RESTAURANT for eale. 136 Second st; no
trlflers. .
LODGIXG-HOUSES^ FOR SALE.
A— Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.. rms 1-2.
, , • Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
. Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodging-houses at ipy office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A "family hotel; best corner In .8. F. ;
clears $814 per month over all expenses;
:' books open for inspection by bona fide buyer;
lease for 10 years;. furniture the very be<it,
• nearly new, -cost $14,300; price $12.000;. terms
part down.- balance in installments tc suit
47 rooms; in best block H. of Market;
costly mahogany lurnlture; best mattresses
of curled hair; lease of building; Income over
$400; price $3750; part cash, part on time.
20 rooms: fine location on Sutter ; rent
$75; income nearly $200; clean; stllctly re-
spectable; price $1600; ij cash; *£ on time.
-';.*.-•¦' 6 rooms; rent $15; Income $35; price $175.
ANY of the following en monthly payments:
7-room modern flat; reduced to $525 I
15 rooms; transient; clears $100 .. . 700]
S-room flat; snap; Geary str:. ...'.;-. . 200'
100 rooms; Market st; clears $350.... 6000 !
17 rooms; north of Market; clears $100.-1000
It rooms; clears $40; Just listed ; .. 450 I
35 rooms; n«-ar Marxet; snap' .......... 2100 ,
125 rooms; clears $450; only 7090 j
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1500
9 rooms; sunny comer; a beauty; only. 375 t
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75; only 330
40 rooms; clears $108 800
A, H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
;*.-,-"'¦•: ; »06 Market st. cor. Ellis.-
$500—8 ROOMS; clears $75; big transient
trade. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st
A— C. D. DAVIS.
¦ Room 53. — — Tel. Bush 270.
Columbian Building. Opp. Emporium.
The Leader "¦/>•'."-
— In—
Rooming-Houses and Hotels.
If you want to invest In a good
rooming-house or hotel why don't
you see C. D. DAVIS?
FOR Rent — 29 rooms: fine cunny corner; make I
ewell boarding-house; rent $150; long lease.
C. P. DAVIS. '.-¦ - . . |
A— I -HAVE bargains coming all the time; it
will pay you to visit my office once a day;
C. D. DAVIS. . \ ,
A. CAMERON & CO.. I .''. *
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328. -
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call: we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
13 r. ; rent $55; elegant piano; Al loc... $1125
14 r.; fine residence; first-class every way. 1200
6 r. ; mod. flat; new fur.; 2 mo.; reduced. 500
20 r.; Al loc.: good fur., carp.; clears $100 1900
53 r.: total expense of house $175; aparts. 2900
Money Loaned. 1*,4 per cent
GOOD transient house; new furniture .$1800
30 rms.; mechanics' hotel: man and wife 1000
18 rms.; 3d st; always filled; rent $70.. 800
300 rms. ; corner house for men 5000
50rms.; offices and rooms; low rent.... 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $65; terms.. 1400
40 rms. ; man / house; rent $45; bargain. . 700
Money loaned 1 at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
A — TENANT wanted for 120-room apartment
l house, modern in every particular, in best
part of Western Addition. EITEL & CAR-
ROLL. 1032 Market st ' . .¦
WINSTON & WOLFE. "
1026 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only. $350
24 rooms; rent $55; central 1650
38 rooms; rent $80: money-maker 2250
31- rooms; rent $100; Just listed. ..„'.... 2100
22 rooms; rent $70; part cash. ; 1300
' 15 rooms; rent $05; good furniture...... 1000
35 rooms; rent $80; N. of Market....... 2000
63 rooms; rent $200; lease; see this
f00 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211.
GEORGE W. BROWN. 783 H Market st, ¦•
Room 3; phone Clay 46. Money to loan-.
15 rooms; swell; bay window; newly fur. '.$1600
17 rooms; north side; light, sunny bouse.. 000
It rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. 2000
16 rooms; corner bay-window house: yard.. ,850
20 rooms; rent only $50; new carpets 1200
13 rooms; for this week only; sickness./. 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; income $100. 1100
We offer any of the above on payments.
WANTED — A 15 to 20 roomed house: must be
reasonable; north side. 783% Market, room 3.'
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY - ¦'
850 Market st — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in : rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances, and real estate.
.We furnish vacant houses-and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. .
McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market— Some bargains.
$1050 — 18 rooms; Kearny; all light; net $100.
' $375—19 rooms; Jackson; good and easy work.
'$700 — 17 rooms; Jones; nice business. ':¦.
. $180 — 7 rooms; 3d st Money to loan. on lodg-
lng houses; 70 more houses; bargains; choices.
14-ROOM house; a sacrifice if sold before April
. 16; house Just renovated and handsomely fur-
nished with entirely new furniture - through-
out Apply rooms 226-227, Parrott building,
fifth floor. • , . -
LODGING-HOUSES " and hotels to suit all
classes of buyers; large list; call and Investi-
gate before buying..
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st (upstairs), bet 5th and 6th.
$450 — SPLENDID furniture; all newly fur-
nished; a bargain; 307 Mason - st: D." Me
RAE, 837 Mission st. - ¦
A — NOTICE^ — We have rooming-houses.all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
list first MITCHELL & CO.,- 1200 Market
NEW. downtown apartment house. ; partly , f ur-
. nlshed, let floor rented ; purchased or rented
by responsible party cheap. ; Box ¦ 693, Call.
LODGiNG-HOUSEffor nale.', $225; jfrooms and
baths. 743 Howard st
SPIRITUALISSf.
B-R-O-C-K-W-A-Y, ¦
1052 Ellis st, bet- Franklin and Gough.
r Scientific and Expert. Life Reader.. ,.U,r,
7 ' Hours 10 a. m. to "> p. m. .
Seance Sunday and Wednesday S.p. m. .,-:
RETURNED — J. Keller, divine healer; all kinds
of diseases healed by. the touch of your gar-
ments; chronic diseases, rheumatism -a spe-
cialty; satisfaction guaranteed. 408' Golden
Gate ave. ; hours from 9 to 4. 7 to 9 dally.,
A— C..V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits ppeak face, to face; seance
Tues.. Frl., Sun.. S p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. jT~jT~WHITNEY. trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
_letter. §2. 1 104 O' Farrell_st ; Ellis car.
ETHEL CRINDLE — Materializing and vocal
reance Wednesday and Friday ev'es.. 50c.
.*J25 Ellin st. ' ¦ -
NEW test meeting to-night, S o'clock. 18 Sev-
enth st.; 10c. • .
A FREE circle every night PROF. GEE. 8%
Golden Gate ave. ; private readings. 50c-$l.
Mrs. Hubbard. 109 Oak— Circle Tues. and Fri.
S; V/ed. ladles 2:30; 10c; readings dally, 50c.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 32S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk lb'01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 MeA*HlBter— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
-• CLAIRVOYANTS.
: —
MME. MT BERNARD. ;
THE FAMOUS .--"
Clairvoyant and business medium,' permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, revests the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you, are in trouble, 'discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in lite, or have domestic,'
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told : how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; eatisf action guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C0.
A— LIFE READING one week, ladies 50c, gen-
tlemen $1; PROF. WELLER'S COLLEGE,
clairvoyant, scientific palmist, card reader;
advice on business, speculation, love, domes-
tic troubles; settles lovers' quarrels, reunite*
separated, tells whom you will marry; how to
•win man or woman you love; mall $1; send
date birth, lock hair. 6 questions. 1007%
Market st.. near Sixth. '- .
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trancs
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., .rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send etamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
AA— BROCKWAY, scientific and expert life
reader; hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; seances
Sunday and Wednesday, 8 p. m. 1052 Ellis.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. ra.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a.- m. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 SO. 130 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326 A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st ¦
A— Mrs. Melvlll. wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader, has returned. 11 6th; German spoken, i
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st, room
22. second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
CARD reading; - ladles, 10c; gentlemen, . 25c ;
hours, 1 to 8. 625 Minna st. -
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G.' 50c.
MME. ODELL,' clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c. Q.,50c. 521*4 Eddy.
i MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gents 5Cc; readings dally. 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 2C2 Minna st. nr. 4th.
CARPET _ BEATING .AND CLEAKIiVG. j
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer , Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Et; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning. 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel:' Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO. carnet-beatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Mission 263.
, CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
! STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
¦ CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co., J. McQueen.
| proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
! CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
33.** Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. |
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno- >
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION. OFFICES.
Gl£oltGE^\vT~lKEXL^^~Tg&ncy^-No charge
" unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
_ -¦¦ COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY 4-room cottage. $10; corner Japan st
and Rlncon ave.. at Mall Dock. -_
DENTISTS.
A^DIt. tV&^HIGGINS," SH7 MarkeTst^TSnma
Epreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed. $5 up.
, Painless extraction. . ' . ¦
¦/ I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best ctowns. plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or tilling by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
[ experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendant*.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
I 4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.: extractions don* paln-
I lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW nlate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; -fillings, 50s;
' plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see -my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetiirs;
crowns, $2: fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown. 54 Sixth.
PARIS Denial Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth.' $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 60c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less ext, 60c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge. work; gas specialist
BET of teetlf" without elate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk at
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut; 1019 Mkt.
' ; DOG HOSPITALS.
DR, CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by- druggli-ti
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. i
. EDUCATIONAL. ~~
'HKAlAy^SCHOOL. O^^LKCTRlC^TKiiCi^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and .chop =- work;, thoroughly
practical; day and n!ght 24 Post st, S.- F. ;
catalcgue'free. • - -
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education;, shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
*pe!llng. Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.:
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST oT.r
8. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining 'and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. ; -
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and , medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. - Phelan building. .-.,'. • '
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. * Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. ,j
ACTING,' elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
; associated with -theatrical agency "securing
... positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. ¦
ENGINEERING— Civil,' elec..' mining.mech.sur-
vey," assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van'
. der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr.' City Hall: |
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners ' and ' college ' . graduates . perfected.
TARR, , expert accountant, 219 Parrott ; bldg. :
CALIFORNIA. Business College; most' thorough
modern methods? positions for all graduates;
- new 60-page. catalogue free. 305 , Larkin. st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping,' grammar,' writing."
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th/
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught = In
-.class. $1 month. ' 1830 Eddy; phone Pine 433..'
SHORTHAND taught by mall . or " personally.
MISS M.; G. . BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st. ,
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI,' good '
teacher. lOOS Mission; . instruments 'selected.
""" FURNITURE! WANTED.
A. ; WOLLPERT. ' 773 Mission st..' pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH. r." 415. Examiner bldg:
GLOVES. V
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the wprtd;
warranted; kept in repair. -121. Grant ave.
_'_- HELP ; WANTED— • FEMALE. -
AT C. R! t HANSEN & CO.... Phone Grant 185
; Head waitress, cafe, Los Angeles, restaurant
experience, must be familiar with check sys-
tem; very choice place. $10 week
'! waitresses, short distance, see boss here.$20
¦ 2. waitresses, , first-class hotel, country $25
3 waitresses, institution, see boss here $20
j 2 more extra waitresses, free fare..... .$1 50
Chambermaid, springs Must wait until
first May ,........'... ... ..!.......'. $20
1!5 waitresses, city and country $20-$'"0
Chambermaids, city and country.. .$17 50-S20
' Chambermaids to wait;.. ......'.. ..$20
. Dinner waitress .' ........:..... .$15
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Kindly call and investigate the numerous
¦places we have in this department for any
woman or girl looking for work. C. R.
HANSEN &-CO., 429 Bush st (Between
Grant ave. 'and Kearny st; opposite Calif or-
nla Hotel . and Theater). -
"WANTED— 2 cooks $30; 4 parlormaids.- $25;
. 3. ' second girls. $20-$25 ; man and wife, as
chamberwork and waiter, summer resort, see
lady here, $50; 10 hotel and restaurant wait-
resses, $8 week, $20 and $25 month; head
waitress, $25; nurse, child 2 years, refer-
ences, $25; waitress for hospital, $20; cham-
bermaid and waitress, -country, $20; 3 Ger-
man and French cooks. $30-$35; 2 maids and
seamstress, $25;- 2 laundresses and waitress,
* $25; Infant nurse, $25; neat girl for delicat-
essen,- $6 week; also a large number of girls
, for. housework In city and country, I $25. Ap-
ply t^ J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st
4 WAITRESSES, springs, $25; 4 waitresses,
mountain resort; $20; 12 waitresses, commer-
cial and city hotels $25 and $20.
1 MRS. M. E. DAY............ ..335 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID, country. $20; : 4 chamber-
makls to wait, city and ¦ country. $20. fares
paid to country: • . , .
MRS. M. E. DAY .335 Geary st.
'GERMAN nurse girl; very choice place; $15.
| MRS. M. E.-DAY... 335 Geary St.
COAST EMPLOYMENT CO.. •
502 Taylor st; phone Black 2194.
MRS. KERR AND COZZENS. '
Housekeeper, private family. Oakland. $20,
i meet party here;, girl, general housework,
-city, $20; waitress, hotel, city, $20, room and
board. IMp please call. '
HAIRDRESSING— Day and evening school for
poor girls; trade guaranteed In two wks.. $4;
manicuring, massage, dyeing, bleaching,
; . switches, ventilating, shampooing; 3 girls for
private customers, assured S50 mo. ; we f urn.
'20 positions in March.; bring ad. and get 50c
discount. College, 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
WANTED— A lady to assist with cooking, at-
. tend to vegetables", and do dishwashing in a
home-cooking delicacy store. 520 Baylor, be-
fore S a. m. ¦ * • y ¦« ¦
WANTED — An elderly lady to act as compan-
ion and assist In light housework In family
of two; country. Box 4883. Call office.
WOMEN — General housework; no cooking;
good home. 60 Carmellta st. bet Pierce and
Scott.' off Waller. .--.-.
WANTED — Expert stenographer and typc-
; writer; state references and salary expected.
Address box 4815, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED operators on golf and dress
shirts; highest prices. D. C. HEGER 723
\ Market st. ~ . . . ...
GIRL for housework and German cooking;
. two In family; good wages. Call between
9 and 1 p. m. 1319 Octavia st. I
WANTED — Girl - for general housework; small
family; wages, $20. Call at 2515 Broadway,
10 to 4; Scott and Pierce. ¦
WANTED — Girl for stscond work and waiting.
Call between 9 and 12 at northeast corner of
• Clay and Broderick sts. : - . .
j WANTED — A girl for general housework In an
American family; wages $25. Apply "2209
\ t Broderick st. ; •¦ • . . >
; OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32}i Fremont
st. MR.- DAVIS. •
WANTED — Experienced operators on skirts.
_ZUCKERMAN BROS., 523 Market st.
GIRL about 15 to put on- buttons; paid while
learning. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market.
6m GIRLS,' all sizes, for May day. Aerial
Tark, Eleventh and Market sts. • ¦
GIRL wanted at 515 Valencia st., to help to
wait in restaurant'
A SECOND girl and to help with baby. Call
110 Broderick st, bet. Haight and Page...
YOUNG girl ; assist with housework and chll-
¦¦¦ dren. Apply .18 Chattanooga st, near 21st
i WANTED— Girl' for cooking and downstairs
I work. . 1224 Golden Gate . ave. -^
GIRL to take care of baby. Mlraniar Hotel,
j Leavenworth and Geary sts., room 31.
i WANTED — Waitress in small restaurant 2SS1
Sixteenth st '
WANTED — A talloresa at 408% Larkin st.
WANTED — German girl to help In bakery.
108 Ninth sti .
A RELIABLE girl for general housework.
418 Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
| EXPERIENCED salesladies In veiling and
j laces. Box 4841, Call office. ... .
1 BUTTON-HOLE makers on coats and vests;
. finishers on coats and pants; girls to learn
tailoring; steady employment. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FINISHERS on coats and pants.- steady -work'
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. . ¦..,'.
HAIRDRESSINO. massage, - manicuring,
bleaching, dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks. $&
College. 1236 Market st. rm. 94; splendid
positions waiting; day; evening.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of. good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 82»/4 Fremont st. MR. DAVIS. \
WANTED — 2 vest finishers. Apply at factory,
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED — '• An experienced hemstltcher.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market St. ¦ t -
WANTED-^Neat young girl to assist In house-
work. ¦ 1044 Shotwell st, near Twenty-fifth.
GIRLS about 16 years -of. age. will -find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32>A Fremont st. MR. ! DAVIS.
YOUNG girl, - 16. to do light housework ; $10.
C35 Castro st . ¦ .. ' ¦ ' • • • . -
WETNURSE — 0C8 Franklin st '*'
GOOD finisher on pants; steady work; also* ap-
prentice. 601 Commercial st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
and where last employed.. Box 4S07,. Call.
WANTED-— Young girl, assist general houae-
. ', work; sleep home. 1274 McAllister st.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
_ sary. vLEVI STRAUSS & CO..', 32% Fremont
St.. MR. DAVIS. ¦ . x ¦ 1
150 OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles'
underwear. CS6 Mission st.'^ third floor. ,
150 OPERATORS on -ladles' waists to ; work In
factory. 656 Mission st.,- third floor. * V ,
WANTED — An experienced wrapper. Box 4S27.
Call.* - - '
2 NEAT ; girls foe- cooking; second work and
I "• serving. 11S0 O'Farrell st. :
I GIRL to assist with housework; wages $15. 827
-South Cole st. ... "¦'.-¦v. .' .
I FINISHERS on : cusj.om\pants; steady work.
854 Howard st. " .
GOOD finishers on ¦ coats; high .wages and
steady job. ' 344 Tehama st*
WANTED— Girl for housework. 3C5 Haight
WANTED— Good talloress on vests;, steady
work. i225 Fifth st. ->•
WANTED — Experienced shirt makers. EAG-
. LESON & CO.. 5.15 Market st. . . ' -
TYPEWRITING taught, $5 full course ; short-
¦ hand speed class, $2 mo. , J 927 Market, r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOJti
, Valencia sf • . ¦. '-• '
-.'¦•HELP ;WAXTED— -MALE.
WANTED^-A few energetic,; Intelligent gentle-
men ,. to present ¦. an ; ; - attractive,' . , high-class
. financial proposition:--, successful' candidates
:¦'' earn from $100 to $300 per. month ;Isalary and
.. liberal .commission paid. -i Apply-' to' T.' W.
V- GRIFFIN,*' daily -from -2 to- 4 p. m., except
Sunday.- 569 Eighth st, Oakland. Cal.
WANTED^-Gentleman. to present' a good prop-
osition . to business : men. ' , Apply between 9
and'12-a.^m., 497-49S Parrott bldg...
BRIGHT;.' boy" for : jewelry store; state" refer-
. :, ences. r '- Box ;4819. ; Call. - ,
APPRENTICE boy for pattern shop; must not
use i tobacco." -.';> Box 4S0!)." Call. *-.•.- ¦¦¦ . \.. "
YOUNG man I to . do = Janitor ] work | for hlo tui-
. tlon. -; S. \ F.- Barber College, ; 741A Howard. .
.WANTED-^-Boy ' to . help : on ¦ bread. Apply ' ' at
; ;•«' Cottage Home 'Bakery, 3025 -Sacramento st.', '
FIRST-CLASS " coatmaker. ': ROSENBLUM &
:"Abraham, Odd Fellows'; building. 1103 Markt,
WANTED— Boy to learn trade in tin shop. 533
MiSEiOn 'St. '• -'• '•'¦ '¦ - •'• ¦;: - -- . .'_ • - • .'
> HELP WAHiTEP--MALE— ¦Con. -M | \
MURRAY & READY...". .....Phone Main 5S4S j
..'......: Leading Employment Agents ..-- ¦•
6;*4-(KJ(i Clay Street
r> ..-.-.-... . . . .OFFICE OPEN 7 A.M. •
...........1000 RAILROAD MEN. •••?
...... ... ..NEVADA— FREE FARE. . . V
...'.....Salt Lake Division S. P. R. R...
2 carpenters. R. R. work. Nevada, $3 50 day,
' free fare
. Carload teamsters . .-. Carload laborers
Half carload of drillers Gang of rock men
' Masons* helpers Plow holders, etc., etc.
- — i Wages- ¥2 -to $3 a day.
Timekeeper, R. R. camp. '
Free Fare to the Above Work ...;..; .- . "•
Ship Morn and Night
SAWMILLS SAWMILLS
¦. ..A New Mill
.....To the Sawmills, Woods and Yards
35 laborers to work in sawmills, woods and
yards piling lumber, run machines, etc., for
a new sawmill -company, no experience re-
quired on this Job. any willing man can do
the work, wages $30 and found up, work lasts
the year round, cheap fare. - . ; . .
... ... .. LABORERS
•10 laborers, 8 hours' . work, city job; 15 la-
borers, city work, $1 75 day; C laborers for a
mine, $42 and found; 7 laborers, near city; 8
more laborers for factories.
.......... MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith, country shop, fare 35c, $2 50 day; •
blacksmith's helper, camp, $35 and found;
wagonmaker, near city, $3 day; woodworker,
camp, city, $2 50 day; carriage painter.
../ MISCELLANEOUS
3. miners; good Job,' south, $75; 3 laborers. .
easy work, surface mine, $30 and found; sta- '
bleman, city job, $G0; buggy washer, $60; sta-
. bleman, • country stable. $30 and found; 24
farmers, orchard, vineyard,' etc, $26 to $30
and found; 25 ichoremen and choreboys; 4- ;
horse teamster, wholesale milk route, $35 and
found; 2 boys to work In planing mill; 15
milkers, $25, $30 and $40 and found; boys for
stores, factories, ranches, etc.; milk, wagon
driver, city. $35 and found. ¦ ' '¦
..j. .. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..... ..
Cook, small " hotel, mining town, $40 and*
found; 14 cooks, .city and country Jobs, ho-
tels and restaurants. $30 to $50 and found; 16
waiters, city and country hotels, boats, res-
taurants; etc., $25 to $40 and found; porter, .
do a little cooking, country saloon, j $30 and -
found; porter and tend bar, city, $25 and
found; (i bakers, $30 to $60 and found; 18
kitchen hands, $15 to $30 and found, etc. etc.
Perhaps you do not notice the kind of po-
sition that you want in the above ads. You
are liable to find It on our- bulletin boards.
Come and read them. MURRAY & READY,. .
634-636 Clay st - *
A.... SPECIAL ,
• Working foreman with California experience,
grain and stock ranch, $50 and found; 2 ex- ;
perienced tally men, lumber yard ; timekeeper, •
R.R. camp, man who has had practical ' ex-
perience on R. R. grades. 9
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
SECOND butler, $50 and found;' waiter and
wife, $50; cook and helper, country hotel.
$S0 to $95; night cook, country. $35 ¦ and
found: short-order cook and lunch counter _
man, $40 to $50; restaurant second cook. $65; ,
2 restaurant porters, $30; dishwashers for
city and country: potwashers, vegetablemen .
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., ft» ]
Sacramento st . ,
CARPENTER for sawmill. $70; machinist for "<
mill, $50 and board; millwrights, $3 50 day;
2 carpenters, $3 50 day ; carriage painter, ;
$1 50 to $3 50 day; wood worker. $2 50 to $4 ¦
day; carriagesmith and helper; boy for paint
.shop, $4 week; boys to learn machinists* ¦
' trade, and many others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
RANCH foreman. .$50 and found; 10 laborers.
$2 day: 5 laborers, $2 SO day, 8 hours; 10 •
laborers for mill yard. $26 to $30 and Ijoard, '
fare advanced: 10 woodchoppers, 80c to $1 50
cord; tiemakers, 10c to 14c; farmers, $25 and
$35 -and found; 3 milkers, $30 and found: 2 -
farmers and wives, $35 and $40 and found;
old man to care for place: choreman, $20;
• vegetable eardener, $25. and others. J. F. !
CROSETT & CO.. C28 Sacramento st
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
59 Third St., near Call bidg.; phone Bush 405.
......... RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE FREE FARE ..
500 teamsters ..$2 to $2 50 per day -
Gang of laborers *2 to $2 25 per day '
5 -section hands for S. P. R. R...$l t!0 per day
Ship Dally '.
FOR THE LUMBER WOODS
FARE ADVANCED
. 20 men . for railroad work for large lumber
company, north, $2G per. month and board.
• r 20 sawmill and woodsmen, fare advanced,
$26 to $65 per month and board.
. Milkers and plowmen, $30 to $40 per month;
cooks,' waiters and dishwashers; all kinds of
restaurant and hotel help; 10 ranch rands,' $1
per day and board: musician, male or fe-
male, banjo, piano or organ, guitar or man-
dolin, to travel, $12 per week and expenses;
carpenter, sawmill, north. $70 per month.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st. — Two hotel
waiters, $30: restaurant waiter, $40; young
•¦ man «to learn oyster trade, $15 and found;
young map, country hotel, $20; dishwasher,
¦ $30;- gardener on a ranch, $30; butler, $50;
man to work around nursery, $25, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
2 norters, $20, .country hotel.. ~- ~~ ,~;-
SKIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadsworth, Nev.; wages. $2 per day:
board.'" $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 2« days. ~R.
B. & A. U STONE CO., 900 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. ¦-
A— WANTED— To-day, steady, sober mnn for
-light indoor' business: must have $250 cash
and < be satisfied with $75 to $100 month. Ap-
ply 209 Kearny st, room 1. , .
WANTED — Experienced men's furnishing
goods salesman: one who is capable of tak-
ing charge . of stock; state age. experience
and salary expected. Apply box 4837. Call.
WANTED— A reliable man with $150 to invest
. in established business that will pay him
' $18 to $20 per week; "no experience required;
light work. '765 Market st, room 3. ¦-¦• "?v':»
WANTED — Bright boy from 15 to 16 years of
age for stock boy. Apply between 8 and 11
.a. m.,at HALE BROS.' * ¦. L
STRONG boy to pack extracts; $4 a week be-
ginning. Apply after. 9 o'clock PAUL
RIEGER & CO., 141 First st. -
WANTED — An experienced draughtsman for
" railroad survey work. Address P. O. box
2087. -¦¦•.'•-*, ,
A YOUNG man of some .experience in the
painting business.. Apply .at 210 Leaven-
wcrth st.
YOUNG man wanted to work In grocery store;
must have experience and give reference.
Call N.W. cor. Greenwich and Pierce sts.
GOOD neat boy; easy work; no 'experience
necessary: $4 per week; ¦ reference. Apply
' 406 Examiner bid;. , bet. 9 and 10 a. m. '
EXPERIENCED lad, 17. to 20. to .take charge
of cellar of crockery stone; reference; after
9 a. m. . 108 Sixth st. - -
A — STEADY man with $250 cash can make $100
month, year around. 209 Kearny St., rm. 1.
PAINTERS wanted. CARTAN & SONS. Clay
and Taylor, sts. ;
BOY "wanted — $3 a week to start. Colombafs
Fringe Factory, 113 O'Farrell st
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday.
' C05 Mission st. :
YOUNG man with some experience in machine
or blacksmith shop. 143 Beale st. - >
WANTED— Strong. young man. 55 Tehama st
WANTED — A boy to work In restaurant: no
Sunday work. 553% Market st.
WANTED— A man on chicken ranch. 18 Mont-
gomery, ave. ' • .-.- •• • )
BARBER, married man. wants good, steady
'., job in country. Box 4816. Call.
WANTED — Experienced retail . grocery sales-
man. Box 4817. Call.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 666 Fourth st.
WANTED— A boy for dining-room. 22S
., Kearny st. * -
WANTED — A good barber; steady. 2837
Greenwich st, at Presidio gate.
3 COATMAKERS wanted. Call at once, 12S2
Folsom st. : . '¦'-.'.
EOOTBLACK wanted at 607 Laguna st 1 -
• BARBER wanted; steady, man. 105 .Tenth st
BOYS to distribute circulars/ K. S. C. Medical
Co., room 122, Murphy" bldg.,- 1236 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. . 29 Stockton ti.
DISHWASHER wanted, at it Powell st
ERRAND boy for .wholesale - hardware store;
cigarette smokers need not ; apply. ¦ Box 4808
Cair office. . , '
WANTED— Boy at Isacson's drug store Apply
"at drug store, corner Geary and Octavla sta ;
wages $3 50. y' ' :¦[ •
WANTED— To trade or sell . first-class barber
- shop. 3 chairs, with * baths. ; A. CAMERON
» & CO.. 850 Market st., rooms 21. 22. 23. -
B A RBERS— Want to sell a half-Interest In a
good paying country ¦ shop and , baths. Ad-
dress box - 7946.'; Call office. .
BARBER ; shop • for . sale cheap; boss Is sick.
1S1 Minna st." - . : . .'
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., C41 Market st.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD,
; j'Ctf4 Markt. ;^aat com. Wattroua Post. G. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S.' 26 Stenart st." "
SHOEMAKER * wanted on repairing; steady
work. 621 Sacramento at . : ,v - - ,. . J
WANTED— Strong boy about IS or 13. Box"
4746, Call office. ;•• ¦ •¦•• •-¦ ," -
AT C~R~HANsS"& COL'S. "> - .420 Bush St
AT C. R..HASSEN & CU'S....-O Uush of™
FOR NEVADA ••-•
•!'"!*..:¦...... FOR NEVADA .......:... --'-^
SCO teamsters.... ••: »2 a day
500 laborers • ?;» dav .
.500 rockmen ¦¦¦?£ a \ A .
100 drillers $£ '¦& «* |J a >
10O plow holders *^ 25 a day
100 wheeler loaders.. --V- ¦*> a- «J av
100 muckers - - - *jt a A *?
20 powder men v .. ...... .*— a uay
iO four-horse teamsters : Jfr-.a-uay
¦ 2 • blacksmiths ?» a , lla y
Fee $1 :..':.. • Fee "ji
SHIP MORNING AND EVENING....
FREE FARE ............ FREE FAI.il.
Screw turner, country sawmill, $70; . 4 tun-
nelmen, near city, $*: 50 a day; « laborers,
near city, $2 a day; « section hands. $1 W*
day; porter and gardener, country hotel, *~a
and free fare.
hotel Department ....
" Second ccok, -restaurant, $tS5; broiler, hotel. •
city $45; broiler, country hotel* $40: cook,
city hotel, $t"0; nurse for an institution,
country. $30; dishwasher, country hotel. *25
and fare paid; laundryman. country hotel,
$25.
Male entrance. 12 Berry st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only first-class-
men need apply; technical man preferred; no
attention paid to answers unless civ-ins full
detail or experience and where previously em-
ployed. Bo* 4S10. Call. ___
THREE salesmen for a new process- soda foun-
tain; easily sold; $50 per week easily made.
-Address or call after 7:C0 this evening, room
228. Golden West Hotel, city. ' • .
WANTED — Painter who understands retouch-
, Ing of art goods, bronzing, etc. Apply be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m.. superintendent Thom-
as Day & Co.. 725 Mission st. -
WANTED-i-Dentist; must v be first-class oper- ;
at or. honest, hard working and have Al cre^W
dentials; good position to right man; single^
man preferred. Apply California Medical Ala
Society, 175 North Spring st., Los Angeles,
Cal. _ J. HARRY MYERS. Manager.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of goo«l
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. .40 E11J3 st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: barber* In de-
" inand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
I.EGE. 635 Clay st. * . ¦
BARBER shop for sale; best bargain In dry;
two hydraulic chairs; place established for
twenty years; owner sick. For particulars
call corner Seventh and Market sts..-. 8. F,
WANTED — Laborers fend mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per wcele. -
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts. "
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulUs. room 40, Phelan
tig. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address bo»* 4525. Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.', 24 Setter.
"WANTED — 50 men to take -lodging in Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard: changed hands.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army sboesa^
| 50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st, m». 5thT^
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar- \
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscript's****:
received at Call branch office. 2200 FllliuoxxA
— — — — ~ T^tf*
-" HORSES AXD WAGONS. ~~X
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Hors»
Market. 327 Sixth st ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOTt SALE — Bay saddle horse, 16 hands h;gh;
' four years old; sound and gentle. Address
. P. O. box 53, Emeryville. Cal. *
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new.
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
Al CATTLE pony, suitable for polo. Apply J.
FORD, Fifteenth and P st. South. "
BAY horse. 5 years old; weight. 1300; thorough-
ly broke. Apply 22d st. and San Jos« ave.
: .
NO. 1 top wasron for butcher, baker or laun-
I dry; price ?75. >>319 Third st.. paint store.
CUT down express. $125; * wagon, $35; heavy
single harness. 79 City Hall ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey,harness,work,drivlng horses. lZth&Valencla
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 5.':2 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
5-ROOM house to let; bath, stable, 4 stalls ;
1618 Sanchez st., near Twenty-ninth. Apply
338 Thirtieth st . ¦ >
HOUSE. 7 rooms, stable for 4 or 5 horses; 5S
Clara st. MADISON & BURKE.
$50 — HOUSE 8 rooms; also .large yard and
basement 1615 Bush st.. near Franklin.
HOUSES TO LET— FURXISHED.
A — FURNISHED residences and flats In all
parts of the city, $30 to $350; call to see us;
we can.suit you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
PACIFIC Heights residence. 7 rooms, bath,
modern f urn., piano; rent to desirable party
3 or 6 months com. April 20. Box 4799, Call.
HOUSES FOR SALE. j&
NEW house. *7 rooms; sun all day: fln» rest-,
dence district;. Portola st. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
IXVESTMESTS.
IF you have money to Invest" let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY. 137 Montgomery ¦ st.
B. F.. know it. Call or write for particular^
LOST AND JTOXTXD. •
LOST — Certificate No. 14, in name of Mrs. M.
M. Ogden, for 1000 shares of stock of tha
. Standard Rock Oil Company (Parrott bldg.);
transfer has been stopped: reward of $5 will
be paid, to finder, who will return above cer-
tificate to JOSEPH B. TOPITZ. rooms 9-10.
' S30 Pine st. ¦ *
LOST or. exchanged — Alligator satchel on pic-
nic boat Sunday night: valued aa gift from a
friend; reward. Address- box 4811, CalL,
LOST — Leather • pocketbook containing $15
Finder please return to 1049 Market st,
roonVSO, and receive reward.
LOST — Sailboat Eugene: liberal reward for la-
formation or return. The M. B. MORAGHA2*
OYSTER CO.. 68 California Market.
LOST — Piles marked with four ax cuts. Flnd-
, crs please notify City Street Improvement
Company. Mllla building.
THE party who took silk skirt from Pythian
Castle Saturday night will avoid hroubla by
¦ leaving same at Janitor's office: \
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch case*.
\ MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887; reliable and
confidential ; lists 10c. Mrs. Herts. 70a Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXP PILLOWS.
TQr order; also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
"tery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. ' HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st ; tel. Bush 421.
Brass. Iron beds; mattresses: pillows; wtndo^^M
shades. J.F.Hotter,712 Mission; tel. Main 7>!^
3IEDICAL. . _' _
A— DR. O'DONNELL. worla-renowned special-
ist — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
••ases taken; the most difficult cases treated-
have relieved thousands of most obstlnata
cases; free, confidential Advice on all subject j
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. CDON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH — Well-known reliable ladies'
specialist; SO years' experience; instant relief
guaranteed; home In confinement. Removed,
to 1008%, Market st. opposite Fifth.
MRS. ' D. • KOHL— Well-known reliable spectal-
' 1st, removed to 1008*4 Market st. opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University
Berlin, in midwifery case.i; takes ladies befora ,
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment. $15: room and board, $3 week: infants
adopted; will take2towork at my private resi-
dence, C06 Guerrero st. nr. ISth: tel. Blue 411:'
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free-
fee low. 90<* Market st, opp. Emporium. *
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladles'
tpecialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fee*
H1NDOOHERB and MRS. ' DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
In confinement. 112fi Market st. S. F.
DR. ROSEN." ladles' reliable and sincere spe-
¦ clallst. -1007*6; Market; avoid delay; $10. 'i
, MRS. DAVIES. ladles' specialist, at old offt*e»jV
-.^1228 Market st; no branch office. . -. v*, v ;
flfc. NG.TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. o«poslt«
. union square; all diseases cured. by herbs., ¦¦-"¦' ¦ -'' TUESDAY, April 8—4 p.- m.
, ¦ Bid. Ask. 4 • . Bld.Ask.
Alpha ..02 (ttfjustice .- 09. 10 v
¦Alta -. ~03 06jK«ntuc1c .— ut "*
Andes V..:... 04 • OS Lady Wash.. — at
Belcher .."...- 10 11! Mexican .... 43- 44 ~
Best & Belch. 2t 25 Occidental ... 08 10
Bullion ....... 02' 03. Ophir ....... ftft 07
Caledonia •..., 46 48 Overman .... 18 19
Challenge Con . 1!> . 20 Potosi 15. lti
ChoHar .......11 12 Savage ...... 02 «I
Confidence... 60 65 Scorpion . — 04
'C C & <Va..:l 30 1 S5Seg. Belcher. . 01 ¦• 02
Con Imperial..— " 01 Sierra Nevada 23-24
Con.N Y 01 02 Silver Hill... 51 53
Crown Point. 08 09'St Louis... , w 06 —
Eureka Con.. .18 *'.' — Syndicate ... 06 —
Exchequer ... ' — ©1 Union 'Con... 24 ' '• 25
Gould & Cur. 08 ".00 Utah 2....... 04 0U
Hale & Nor. 7 23 . 25 Yellow Jacket ,12 13'
Julia ... ;..;.¦ — " <* - •
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Potosi
Alaska Paek.161% — . Pac A F A.. 2%. 3%
Cal Fruit As.103%103% Pac C Borx.185 —
Cal Wine As. 100 100^ Par Paint .. 18. —
Oceanic SCO- K I T
~ . . '. Morning Session.
Board—. / •'.
' . 80 California Wine Assn... ....... ..100 00
25 Paauhau S P .Co 11 SO
i 10 Pacific Gas imp . A .... 36 25
60 S V.;W*t«r.. ,<-»-...„..;... KJ so .
$1000 S P of Arizona tt909>:~ .-...*..... 113 T5
$3000 Northern By of Cal «s..... fevj yvll3 00
Streets- "--^.v -::.' .'- .. • .. ¦.,..
75 California Fruit Cannera ,...103 75
$7000 Los Angeles By 5s .....J....U8 75
$3000 Oakland Transit 'Co 6s 124:25
$10,000 S P Branch R. R. 6s. ..........139 00
Afternoon Session. .• . .
Board —
40 Alaska Packers' Assn. .«. MM^... 162 00 *
i -20 California Wine Assn .....100 00
' 25 Contra Coat» Water..,. _.._... 77 SO
! 20 Oakland Gaa 67 25
' 50 Onomea Sugar Co.;^. ........... 23 75
20 Paauhau S P Co... n 50
$6000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s.... 102 00
. ' . . Street— .','.¦. . ,
$3000 Oakland Transit Co «b :..... 124 25
$5000 S P Cal 1st Con 5s (stamped) 111 62 &
$2000 Sierra Ry of Cal Ss.. 113 00
. • l PRODUCERS* -OIL EXCHANGE. ;
. "• ' • Mornlnz Session. •
Board —
500 Four S3
1 Hanford. .cash 80 00
100 Home Oil^t> 30 ,' 8 70
200 Home Oil 3 65
10 Home Oil 3 75
706 Monarch of Arizona............... -17
100 Sterling 1 47tf
COO Sterling, b SO 150
1000 Sovereign .........;.. . 30
• ¦ "Afternoon Session. - :¦"'
Board—
200 Four - :.."....'..:. .;.'.. ...* M 52
200 Home Oil ......:..:.....;.......• 3 60
165 Home Oil ' 3 65
250 Monarch of Arizona?} I 17
1000 Petroleum Center ...':". .".../. 10
1000 Keed Crude ....'.... 33
100 Sterling 1 47%
100 Sterling ....... 1 50
' MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
« Morning Session.
200 Potosi ....... 10 j 200 TeUow Jacket 13
Afternoon Session.
400 Con Cal & Va.l 35 200 Overman ...., W
. 100 Gould 4b Cur. OS 200 Potosi l •;
20 Gould & Cur. 07 100 Silver Hill... 50
' 400 Mexican ..... 43 100 Silver Hill... 61
Following were the- sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornin: Session.
800 Belcher 11. 600 ChoHar •.'..... 12
200 Best & Belch. 24 2000 Justice 10
200 Caledonia. ... 441 200 Ophlr T JW
200 Caledonia ... 4o| 100 Ophlr. s 00... 92
COO Challenge Con IS' 1200 Savage Oi
Afternoon Session. . - • ¦
300 Best & Belch. V 2.1 200 H & N. b 80. 23
. «00 Best * B, s » 24 200 Justice. » 00. ." 00
; 200 Caledonia .... 47 200 Overman .... IS
100 Challenge Con 15 200 Potosi ' . in
100 C C & Va.l 32M 100 Silver Hill... 50
. '2CJ» Gould &. Cur, «>» 700 SUver HiK... 51
MISCELLANEOUS.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Irftte Shipping Intelligence.
:'::> r r-' ARRIVED, ,7
Tuesday, April 8.
Schr Lily, JTelson, 10 days from Umpqua.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 8.
Stmr National City, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN, MIDNIGHT.
Bark -.Mohican, from -Honolulu;, bark — s— .
: •jj.-FOREICfN PORTS. .
.' VANCOUVTSRt- B* C— Arrived April 8— Bark
Challenger, henc« March 27. ,:'•»•¦ v
Oscar Foss (owner), with Charles H. Hock
(contractor), architect. C A. Meussdorffer — All
work for a 1-story brick building on the NW
corner of Davis and Oregon streets. N 40 by
W 45; $5310.
Arthur, .Austin and George Kanzee and Ida
It. Brown (owners), with William Horstmeyer
& Co. (contractors), architect •: . All work
except pa'.ntingr for a 3-story, attic and base
ment frame- building (3 flats) on the N line
of Turk street. 68:9 E of Franklin. 100. W.
23 — 100 — 23 to -beginning. Western Addition 79;
$9000. .„.-.» ... " . - .'.v
Same owner, .with Cook Decorating Company
(contractors). . architect — ¦ Painting, grain
ing, varnishing, tinttnsr and linecrusta walton
for same on same; $SS3. .
Leon Carrau (owner), with X; R. MacGregor
(contractor), architect. A. W. Smith — All work
for a 2-story, basement and attic frame dwell
ing on the NE corner of Waller and Ashbury
streets. N 25 by E 96; $7340.
Same owner. with Harry Maundrell (contrac
tor), architect, same — Painting, graining . and,
lincrusta walton. tinting and Tarnishing for
same, same;. $1425. •
I Same owner with -^Charles G. Stuhr (con
tractor), architect same— Gasfltting. plmnblng
and sewering for same on same; $2527.
Charles Q. Gebhardt • (owner) with Cotter &
Jones (contractors), architect T. Paterson Rosa
—Concrete, -excavation, brick, carpenter and
mill work, stairs, marble work, vestibule . til
ing, glass, tinning, bell and electric work and
plastering for two' three-story, basement and
attic frame buildings (6 flats) on S line of Eddy
street, 57.6 G of Franklin, E 53 by. 3 74:6;
$15,000.- :-.'tr.!-.'-.'J : .; .;'. : •;•-. : .- '"•-
: J. A/ Squire (owner) wltn W. B. Eaton and
J. F: Long- (contractors), architect •¦ F. • H.
Barnes — All work except front steps and vesti
bule floors. 6 mantels, grates and tiles, gas
and electric- fixtures, window shades, painting,
tinting and paper-hanging for a three-story and
basement frame- building (6 flats) on SE corner
of Masonic avenue and Waller street. S 33 by
E 105; $12,082.
- Charles Miner Goodall (owner) with Century
Electric Company (contractor), architect Ed
ward R. Swain — Eells, switch boards, switches,
telephone and annunciator work, telephone
wires and wiring for brick, .wood and terra
rotta building on NW line ot Market street.
245:3 SW from Van Ness avenue. SW 54:2%,
N 114:1, E 2*. S 100, B 66. S 70. W 22. S 10.
W 22, S 102:5. Western Addition block Tl:
$1085. - - .-
Samo owner with Frank- J. Kllxnm (contrac
tor); architects same— Plumbing, gas fitting.
sower and tiling at sinks and wash basins at
flat, for same on same; $1422. ' : - .
Louis Bendel (owner) with Jones, Peterson A
Rourtree (contractors), architects Rousseau &
Son — All work except plumbing, painting, gas
fixtures, .mantels and shades for. two two-story
framn buildings, one containing four flats and
th* other a residence, on SE corner 9F Mc-
Allister street and Central avenue (Lott). E
66:3 by S 100, Western. Addition block 610;
$3C0O. - — •
Builders' Contracts.
Same • to Walter Uhlman. ' lot 'on S : line of
Chase . street; 242.50 E of • Pin*,- . E 25 by S
130.25, portion tract 404, Whltcher's Map deed
given to 'correct 714' D 280. Oakland: $10.'"
Mary Schmidt (as administratrix of the estate
of John Schmidt) to Mary Zlecler, undivided %
of lot on NE line of. East . Eighteenth street
125 : SE of Eighth avenue,' 8E 25 by NE 100.
block 107," Clinton, East Oakland; $100.
-Simon" Shapiro.- Theodore •• and - lea- Wagner
and ' D. ' H. f Twing ' (by H. K.- James, commis
sioner) to'FIdelity BuiTdltig and Loan 1 Associa
tion,' lots' X. to '4 and .27.' block 2, -.Map of-Dow
ling Tract, .Berkeley: $1453. .... -
Adam Merz to Catherine ilerz (wife). let oa
' Otto C. and Mary L.'Gerhardy to J. S* Myers
(single), lot' on -E lino of Telegraph avenue (as
prior to widening same), 258:10 N of Durant
street,. N 2, E 136;1%, S 1.93, W 1557ii
block B, Map" Fountain Place. Oakland; $10.
,.! Albert Klebsh to Emilie Brackmatin (wife
of F.^ A. Brackmann). lot 45 and adjoining • W
2:5 of U>t 44,- block 73. Map resubdlvlslon of
block ,73, Northern Addition of- Brooklyn, East
- Mary A."' Stevens (widow) to Lizzie Uhlman
lot on S line of 'Chase street, 217.50 E'bf Pine'
E • 25 ' by ' S * 13C.25. portion . of Whiteher tract
404.' as per map same. deed, given .to correct
601 D 275. Oakland; $10. :
Alameda County,
¦ '< Clarence F. Townsend to 'Metropolitan- In
vestment Company of San Francisco, lot on' N
line of McAllister street, 137:0 E of Polk, E 30
by N 120; $10. " - -'¦.
Alfred W. Reay to Joseph W. Reay, lot on E
line of Polk street. 137:6 Sof Turk, S 17:6,
E 137:6, -S 7, SE 138, N 30, W 275; also lot
commencing on N line of Winters Tract, about
643 E from Winters KW corner, E 30 chains,
N 30. chains to Sproul Tract, W 40 chains to
Treat Tract, S 30 chains, E 10 chains to be
ginning, same as in 1348 D. 242: also lot com
mencing at a point 8.04 chains S of M section
post in center, or section 7, township 2 S. range
5 W, N 26.54 chains, E 36.80 chains, NE 3.08
chains, S 28.85 chains, W 33.44 chains, same
as in 1217 D. 90; also lot on SE corner ot Do
lores and Duncan streets, E 150 by S 114; also
00- vara block, lots 761, 1525 and 1527; also
South Beach water lots 351 and 352 In South
Beach block 16; also South Beach ¦ water lots
797 and 788, in South Beach block 23; also
South Beach water lots 807 to 810, 813 and 814.
in South Beach block 24; gift.
Grace E. or Emma G. Coates (Shaw) and
Henry and Bernard Shaw, to Flora E. or Flora.
Short (Shaw) (wife of E. N.), lot onW line of
Van Ness avenue, 156:8 S of Filbert . street, W
130, S 19.655%, SE 12, E 125. N 28:4; $10. i
, Grace E. or Emma G. Coates (Shaw), Flora
E. or.Flora Short (Shaw), Edward N. Short and
Bernard Shaw to Henry Shaw, lot on W line of
Van Ness avenue, 1C0 S of Filbert street, S 28:4
by W, 130; $lfl.
Adeline M. Easton to Henrietta Raphael (wife
of Charles), lot on N line. of Union street,
119:11% W of Gough, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Margaret: G. Flinn to Henry E. Bo thin, lot
on SW corner of . Greenwich and Buchanan
streets, W 127:5 by S. 120; $10.
Charlotte Gleln, Louise Hagmaler (wife of
Charles) and Elizabeth Walton (wife . of
James) to Augusta Triebel (wife of Louis), lot
on -S' line' of Fell street. 135 W of Stein*. W
SO by S 137:6; gift.. •
Augusta Triebel (wife of Louis). C. Cur
lotte Gleln and Elizabeth Walton (wife • of
James) to Louisa, Hagmaler. lot on S line of
Fell street, 85 W of Stelner, W 50, S 137:6. E
25. N 27:6, E 25; N 110; In case of overlap of
building first party agrees to convey to parties
described In deed last above described so much
as may be necessary to remove said ovelap;
gift.. i ¦: . . . . . .
¦. Emelie Lyons to' John K. Burke, lot on SW
corner of Greenwich- and Steiner streets. S 50
by W 100; $10. ' -
.-- Meyer J. and SoDhle Kewmark to Constance
E. V. Roberts, lot on W line of Pierce street
75 N of Vallejo, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Carmelita W. Wynne to James J. Manseau,
lot on S line of Eddy street. 87:6 E of. Scott.
E 60 by S 82:6: $1*
Charles J. and Mary P. Jones to John T.
Simmons,, lot on N line of Page street, 81:3
Wof Pierce, W.25 by N 100: $10..
Bocco M. La raja and Rocca ¦ M. Laraja
(wife) to Misa Harry A. L_ Floyd, undivided
half .of lot on S '.line -of .-Saeramento street,
137 :£ W of Scott. :W 27 ;6 by;S 127:8}4; *10v->
Same to Miss Ellsa G. Pricbard. undivided
half of same: $10. -
"Same 'to Miss Harry *A'.'*L.~FloyaY ? lorctf 'S
line or Sacramento street; 165 W of Scott, W
55 by S 127:8%; $10. ::».;> '-¦ >.'\ -><.:.-
John A. Hooper to Jessie A- Beattle" (wife of
Henry O-). lot on N line of Vallejo street, 137 :«
E of Devisadero, E 34:4% by N 137:6; gift. . ..
Same to Mary M. Somers. lot onN line of
Vallejo street. 171:10% E' of Devisadero. E
34:4% by N 137:6; gift.
.Same to John R. and Martha M. Hanify, lot
on N line of. Vallejo street, 206:3 E of Devis
adero, E 34:4% by N 137:6; $10.
Homeseekers' Loan Association to William
J. Patton. lot on W line of Tremont avenue.
610 S of Frederick. S 25 by W80; $1850. ¦•
Theodor and Lizzie C. Bnssmann to,' Frank S.
and Kate C." Ostrowski,' lot on. S line of Clin
ton Park. 130 E of Dolores. E 25 by S 75; $10.
v 'Hobart ''- Estate ' : Company '• (corporation)^'to
Robert V/ and "Henrietta- Bon. 'lot -on^ SW^oOr
ner'of Fourteenth: *nd "Guerrero- streetB,*"S-"90
by '¦•w'l3l:9:"$»200.- : ' '''• '•'•'• :<•«"¦?>= •<*-
' 'Laura E. and William H. Powers' to JohirP.
and Sofia Petterson. lot on W line of Hart
ford street. 82:0 N of Twentieth. N 22 by W
WilUam ' and Annie Linden to Charles S^-
! Pitt, lot on K line of Twenty- fourth' street,
75 W of Vlcksburg, W 25 by N 85; $10.
• Jacob Heyman Company (corporation) to
Georee W. Elt*. lots 217 and 218. Heyman
Tract: $10.' ¦•"'.< ¦ "¦
Andrew- Hansen -to Oscar Hftyman, lot' on S
line of Twenty-third avenue. 200 W of Hoff
man avenue, W 25 by S 114. lot 225, same: $10.
Charles G. or Charles Bonner, Edith Lina
say (Bonner) and Julia B. Pawson (Bonner) to
Stephen A. Born, lot on E line of Castro street.
51:6 N of Twenty-third. N 25 by E 105, quit
claim deed; $10. ,- . ¦¦ -
; . George F. M. F., Harry N. and P. B. Gray
to' Gray . Bros. Crushed Rock- Company, lot
on. NE corner of Lombard and Winthrop street,
N 6S:9 by E45:10i.$10.-r-r _/•¦¦*'» jr r
Isaac and , .Nina-, Levy ia, .Dora Schweitzer,
undivided % of lot on NW corner of -Grant
avenue end Stockton place, N 25, by W 80; $10*
Lizzie Fox to Emelie Erickson; :»pt on E line
of Powell street, 32 N of Washington, N :6 by
E 52; $65. ¦ .-_¦- ¦'¦ ¦.=-•*
Edith. Milton and Clifford G. Cook to B. M.
Gunn, lot on W line of Hyde street, 77:6 N of
Sutter, N 60 by W 137:6; $1.
Milton Cook vs. Ethel C. Postley (by Leon
idas Scooffy, referee) to same, same; $18,000.
Daniel J. or J>. J. • Buckley to Isaac Hey
man, lot on N line of Post street.- 68:9 E of
Larkln. E 68:9 by N 137:6. quitclaim deed; $1.
William- Crane Spencer, (trustee) to Hulda J.
Petterson (wife of Gottfried) and Carolina
Persson (wife of S.). I lot on S line of Post
street, 162:6 W of Hyde,.W.4O br8120; $10.
William Matthews to John Breuner and: Rob
ert and Llllie Behlow, lot on 8 line of O'Far
rell street. 87:8 W of Hyde, ;W 60 by<S 137:6:
$10*---> -¦¦¦-: V:f'"i- :a- :.;!•¦ •.•,:.•= vjc ,::^
John Breuner and Robert and. Lillie Behlow
to P. *E. Bowles, -same; $10. •-— -
James and Catherine Flood"- to:- -Henry: J,
Stems, lot on SE line of Verona place, 163:8
NE of Third street, NE 22:8 by SE 70; $10.
¦ Elizabeth Blackwocd (widow) to Harry T.
Blackwood. lot on E corner of Ninth and Har
rison-streets, SE C5 by NE 100; also lot on
NE line of Ninth street. 250 SE of Harrison,
SE 25 by NE 100; also lot on SE line of Har
rison street. 175 NE of Ninth. NE 100 by SE
170; also lot -on SE line of Blackwood street,
175 NE of Ninth, SE 75 by NE 100; ¦¦ gift.
Simon 'and Ellen- F. Mann- to Richard E. and
Sarah E. Slmmonds. lot on N* line of Twen
tieth street, 52. W of Hampshire. W 24 by N 92.
$10. . • . .
Estate of Benjamin A. Patten (by William
Hale, ¦ administrator) to W. B.,Waldron, undi
vided one-half of lots 21 and v22. block -IT.
City Land Association; also all of lot on E
line of Fifteenth avenue. 264 S of- A streeT,' S
4S by E-255: $455.. - -. ¦:'¦¦ . •_ • .
' : W. B. and Marie A. Waldron to A. J. Rich,
lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue, 264- S- of' A
street,. S 48 by E 255; $10. - - , r .
Callaghan. Estate . Company . (corporation) to
Charles Beha, lot on W line of Tenth ' avenue.
175 S of H street. S 25 by W 120; $10. ¦
-Oliver Eldrldge to Mary G.- Buckingham lot
on W. line of- Twelfth avenue, 150 S of-M
street, S 25 by W 120;. also lot on E line of
Fourteenth avenue, 100 S of N street. S 150
by. E 120; also, lot on S line of ,N- street," 60 E
of Fourteenth avenue, E 60 by S 100; also lot
on, W. line of "Thirteenth avenue, 276 S of N
street. S 52 by E 120;. also lot on.N line of O
street. 60 E of Fourteenth' avenue," E 60 by N
100; also lot on S line. of N street, 82:6 E of
Tenth avenue, E 50 by S 100; also lot on NW
of Greenwich street and Van Ness ave
nue, N 275 by W 384 :9; also undivided one
eighth of lot on N line of Union street. 137*6
W. of Pierce. W 14S:3by.N.275; also all prop
erty of first party: gift. .
Estate of Frank R. ¦ Prince. Jr.,. minor (by
Frank • R. ¦ Prince, guardian) to John Curtin
undivided one-half of lot on SW corner of
Eighteenth avenue and O street, S 219:8 W
240:4. N.20C:9,E 240; $1200.
. Olive Verkouteren (widow 1 ) to Leopold Wein
*tein,.lot'on.W line. of San Bruno road 107'6
N of Felton (Henry) ' street, N 60, W 120 S
67:6,,E 20, N 7:6, E '100, block 2, University
Mound ; $10. . . . . ¦ .
. Lydla and William Brandes to Henderson A
Boyakin, lot on- NW line -of- Casellt .avenue
61 :8% NE ' of Moss. NE 25. NW 103:10 • SW
25. SE 104:7, 'lot -27, block -3, subdivision' 1
Mountain Spring property; $1325. • ¦ . • • .
Henry_F. and Clara H. Blanchet to S. Ducas
Company (corporation), lot on NE line of San
Bruno avenue. 155:9% SE of Paul, SE 306%i
E 73. N 25. W 00, block 7, Garden Tract Home
stead Addition; ?io.-
John G. and Mary Maler to same, lot on' W
line. of Ware street. 1C0 S of Paul avenue S
50 by W 75, block 7, same; $10. ¦
SEAL ESTATE TKANS ACTIONS.
William J. and Maggie Keller (Evans) to B.
Giussa. W 5 feet lot G and E 20 feet lot 7.
Mock 4S2. Map Hardy's Addition to Adeline.
and Market Street Homestead, Oakland; $10.
. Oakland Paving Company (corporation* to J.
Martin, lot on W line of Valley street. 81 8 of
Locust or Twenty-third. S 82. W 125. N 70, E
50. N 6. E 75. block 10. Map Pacific . Home
stead, Oakland: $10.
Marcella (single) and James Kins to Fame,
lot' 14, • block C. Map Property Central ¦ Land
Company, formerly Brown Tract, subject to
mortgage of $.1000. Oakland; $10.
George Collins to Golden Gate Congregational
Church of Oakland (corporation). lot 1, block
662. Map No. 2 Watts Tract, deed made t» cor
rect error In same of grantee, 237 D. 40S. Oak
land; $1200.
Amy Crflcker Gouraud (Crocker-Ashe) (wife
Jackson) to E. S. Angel, lot on NE corner of
Telegraph avenue and Delger or Twentieth
etreeV N. 173:8. E 125. S 50, E 100. S 2S to
point 158:6 W of Broadway, at right angles
thereto. S 130, W 203 :8 to beginning, Oak
land: $10.
Charles M. and Lena G. MacGregor to A.
Koenig. lot on S line of Eleventh street. 10O
B of. Jackson, E 60 and S 100. lots 10 and 11.
block 39. -Oakland: $10.
i Union Savings Bank (corporation)- to Henry,
East," lots' r ana 2, Map Lincoln Homestead
Union, Oakland; $10. .-¦-.-
Joseph M., Jessie T. and W. O"B. Mac
donough, John and Agnes M. Agar (Macdon
otigh) and as trustees .under the will, ci Jo
ceph Macdonough, . deceased, to J. \V. Hyde,
lota 4 and 5, block 2034. Official Map, Oak
land; $10. " •- -¦-. ;..
San Francisco Savings Union (corporation)
to Frances L. Peterson (widow), lot on E line
ot Myrtle > street, NE 327 from- I* line of
Eighteenth. K 34.48, SE 125.39. SW 30.63, W
125, block 615, Boardman's Map, Oakland; $10.
. George and Hartee I*. Folts (wife) to Isaac
I*. Saxton, lot on SE line off Walaut- or -Grand
avenue, 150 NE of Orange street, NE.SO by
SE 140; tot 45.. Map ot Marion Tract,. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
L. C. and Miriam Morehonse to Alfred Wood,
lota 228 ' and 229. May Rose Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $5.' • - ¦-.'•-
Alfred and Elvlna Wood (wlfeVto Peter H.
Plnkerton, same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
N line of Haste street 90 W ©f Dana, Vt
50 by N 135. block 5. Map portions blocks S
and 5, College Homestead, Berkeley; also all
personal property; gift. ¦-"••:
THE SAX FRAKCISGO. CALL,, WEDNESDAY, APRIL, 9; 19Q2.
13
MAiBBI AGE LICENSES.
¦ The following marriage . licenses were : Issued
yesterday: " ¦ , :•¦ /. • ¦.?.-.
August. A. Maiirard,. 23. 117 Palmer street,
and Catharine Riordan,<19, 219 Fourteenth st.
- Ernest V. Raber. 21.' 2654 - Twenty-second
street, and Elizabeth A. Henry, -18,- 233 Lon-
don street. ' ."* - ¦ : • • .' ' ."
. Toseph Colle," 37^ '171 'Seventh street and
Janet L. I Losuerin, 26, 1020 Folsom street. . .
-Henry M. Brown." 29, 92a Illinois street, and
Frances M. Edmonstone, 18. 922 Illinois street.
¦ John Di Christina, 24,' 19%-Boardman place,
and Lucy Vetrano, ' 10, 380 Harriet street.
Battlsta Mondani. 28. J13 Fair Oaks street,
and Santfna Mandani, 21, 113 Fair Oaks street.
Peter - J. Poulsson, 32, city, and Johannes
Husby, 25, city. . ¦ *¦¦¦'-. '¦- ¦->
I Frank \ 42, ' Stockton, and I Giovanna
Silva, 42, Stockton. .>:¦ . .
Axel E. Sheld. 23. 158 West Park street, and
Matilda V. Olson, 22, Santa Cruz. ' ' ...---
; George S. ;¦ Long Jr., 29, 676 Church street.
and Charlotte M. Schlueter, 27. 24.82 Howard.
Samuel Bowman,' 34, city,' and Dolly E. Ash-
worth. 26, city. .. ¦
William J. O'Brien, 21, city, and Magaretta
H. Costello, 18, city.- *
-James Silvea.'3O, 26 Derby place, and Grace
Ramsey, 19, 28 Derby place. . \
Louis J. Martlnr 27, 435 -Fourth- street, an!
Margaret Campbell. 23. 1081 Broadway.
BIBTHS-^MARBIAfiES— MTHl
.- Birth, marriage" and death notices .sent by
mail will not be inserted.- They must be handed
In- at' either of the' publication offices and be-
indorsed- with the name and residence' of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0EN. *:
BENDIT— In this city, April 6, 1902, to the
, wife of Moritz Bendlt. a son.
HANSEN— In South" San Francisco, ¦ ADril : 7,
1902.: to the wife' of Samuel ; Hansen, a
' daughter. ¦¦ " . ' .• : "¦ " : ' ' • ¦
''•¦¦¦•' TVTATfRTKD, v
JOHANSON— ANDERSON — In this city, April
7,' 1902, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud, Frans
Ludvig Johanson and Lydia Anderson, botn
of French Camp, Cal. '
SMITH— MORGAN— In.thlB city, April 3, 1002,
> by the Rev. George- C. Adams. William I.
Smith and Ruth E. Morgan, both of San
Francisco. ¦ - - - '
_____ _
. Arrowsmith, Mar- McEntee. James ; D:
caret ' McCrindle. William
Dowd, Ann Morse, Dr. L.- D.
'Durocher, Joseph . Olaguez, Thomas
; Furlong, \Thomas . Reddy, Edward A;
Harrlgan, John ' - Roeenmoller, Louisa
Jacoby, Henry • Shaw, William P."
Keefe. James B. . Tldd, Elsie
, Llttle.r Clarabelle._ Zoerb/ Wllhelm. A.
ARRQWSMITH— In this city. April , 5. 1902, 1
Marg&ret Arrowsmith ' (known as /Smith),
> beloved w'fe of John Arrowsmith, sia-
¦ ter of Mrs. T. Spooner and ¦ the late
Sablna . Madden, and aunt of Patrick,
Mary Ann. John T.. Edward and Sa-
•' bina Madden, a native of, County Galway.
Ireland.. (New York papers please copy.)
• |P7"Friendaand acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to .attend the - funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
refldence. ,124%B Silver street, thence to St
Michael's Church, /Ocean View, where - a
requiem high mass - will be celebrated
¦- f >r the repose of her soul, at 10 o'clock. In--
termtnt Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOWD — In Stent, Tuolumn* - County. Cal.,
.'April 7, 1902,' Ann, beloved wife of the lat*
P. T. Dowd. and mother ot Vincent F. and
John Stephen Dowd, Mrs. Ed R. Coleman
and the late James H. Dowd. a native of
. County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 65 years
and. 3 months. • " -..*... .'.'.'. "
-CCXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from- the. parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, be-
,tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
¦ be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing: at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.' - •
DUROCHER — In this city. April S, 1902, Jo-
seph Durocher, beloved husband of Elsie
Durocher, and brother of Peter Durocher of
Detroit, Mich., a native of Quebec. I A mem-
ber of Master - Shipwrights' Association of
San Franelsco. ¦ . - •.'•••
¦ET Remains at the parlors of Valente l Ma-
rini & Co., 1524 Stockton street. _
FURLONG— -A high requicnv mass wlll.be cele-
brated Thursday . morning at St. James
Church, ¦ Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock, for the repose of
.'the-soul of the late Thomas Furlong. v-- vsi/
HARRIGAN— In this clty.»A.pril 8. 1902,. John
., Harrigan, -beloved son of Mrs. ' C. Harrigan;
and brother "of Mrs. M. ¦ Klrby, Mrs. J. Benn,
C. J. Harrigan and James Harrigan of New
York, Mrt. M. Hayes and the late . Mrs. J.
C Harrington, a native of County Limerick,
: Ireland, aged 54 years. . (New York "papers
i ' ' please copy.)
1: .lET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, V (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, j from | his . late
: residence, • 92^ Alabama street, thence to St.
"Peter's "Church, where^a solemn "requiem
nigh mass will be : celebrated for the repose
' v of his soul at 9 o'clock. • Interment Holy
.Cross Cemetery.' ~ •>.
JACOBY— In this city. 'April 7. 1902. Henry
Jacoby, • beloved father, of Mrs. Emll , Pohli,
and uncle of Frans Jacoby, a native of Ber-
¦' lln; Germany, • aged 78 years. ¦ • • ¦¦' ¦ ¦•.
(U"7Friehd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' services.
*to-day -(Wednesday), at .2 o'clock, at the*
chapel of Odd Fellows' Crematorium. . J -¦
KEErFE^rln Napa. City, April 8, 1902,' James
. B. . Keefe. ;. beloved son of the late "Susan,
" Urry," and brother^of Daniel J., John Ri,
George E. and the late Richard W. Keefe.
a. native of Ireland, aged 49 .years and 4
months. . '
lET" Funeral from the parlors of ' N. Gray
& Co., 641 Sacramento street, on Thursday,'
.April 10, at 2j>' clock. Interment private.
LITTLE— |ln .this city, April 8, 1002, Clara-
• be'le • Little, ¦ dearly beloved daughter of,-L.
D. and Johanna Little, and beloved sister of
George C, John -Q. and Ethel M. Little,'! a
native of San Francisco, aged , 14 years 8
months and 10 days. ". . ; . ¦
McENTEE— In this city, April 8, 1902, James
': D-, beloved son of Patrick and Mary -E. : Mc-
'. Entee, and brother qf . Esther, Claire, - Helen
and .Willie McEntee. a' native of * San" Frah-
. > Cisco, aged .2 years 5 months and 22 .days.' -
¦-¦¦ - t^The- funeral will- take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 :30 ; o'clock, from i the resi-
dence of the parents,. 28%' Madison ;avenue.
- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
McCRINDLEr-Inthis city. April 8, 1902, : Wil-
11am, beloved husband; of Lillias McCrindle,
: and father of.L. W. arid W- W. McCrindle,
Mrs. R. Rae'and MrSi E. Wallace, a native
'. : of Ayrshire, Scotland,' aged ' 72 • years ( 4
.' months and 3 days. . ' . ' .. '. .
.fCT' Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co. .'..1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. , ' • • • > :¦• . - ¦ ¦ -
MORSF:— In San Mateo, Cal., April 7, 1902,
Dr. L.' D. Morse, a native of Poultney, Vt.,
ag fcd SO years 3 months and: 13. days. .*
,C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to , attend the funeral services
at the ' Church of St. Matthew, San Mateo,
' April 9> 1902, at . 2 o* clock. Interment St
John's Cemetery, private.
OLAGUEZ — In this ' " city, ADril 7, 1902,
'• Thomas, beloved son of Ausrust and Martha
Olaguez, : brother of Lottie, : Francis, August
; and Frank' Olnguez,' and nephew of.Tomas
Olaguez, j a native ¦ of San Francisco, , aged ; 2
years 4 months and 8 days. .
Et7Frlends and '¦ acquaintances are respect.
: " fully; invited \o attend the funeral ajrvices
to-day (Wednesday),, at 10:30' o'clock,' at
I the residence of his parents. 306 Lily ave-
" nue, off Lasuna' street, between Pace and '
: Oak. . Interment ; Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
REDDY— An anniversary - nich - mass -will b»
celebrated for the, repose of the soul of the
late Edward A. Reddy at St. Ignatius
Church to-morrow (Thuisday), April JO, .sit
9:30 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are
invited to attend. ¦ -, ¦ • • • v
ROSENMOLLER— II this j city, - April 8," 1902,
' Louisa ' Roaenmoller, . a native .of Sweden,
aged 77 years- 8 months and 9 days. .
: ICr Remains at Charles J..B. Metxler's un-
dertaking, parlors,- 636 Washington street '- .
SHAW — In this city, April • 6, 1902, entered
.into rest, -William Prosper Shaw, a native of~
..' New York, aged . 49 years. . ¦, -••..'
(ETFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited - to ' attend the funeral sarvices
' to-day- (Wednesday)."' at 1 11:30 o'clock.- at
Trinity Episcopal Church, corner . Bush and
'.- Qough streets.- • Interment . private. , . ;
TIDD— In ; this city,' i April 8, 1002. Elsie Tldd.
beloved ; sister - of Mrs.. Caroline, Gaump of
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
' (Successor to" Flannagan &* Gallagher.) ''
- DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr." . ¦¦.'.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School. •
.7- — Telephone ; South 80. , .' -':_
§ Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.' .
Office, 9 J6 Market Street.
.,'¦'-¦ ;'.; Telephone - Bush , 367." .*•"..; : .
... . :. . - - . r -•' ¦¦¦-.-. ... - - -¦.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS..
'¦''." Samuel McFadden,' 18 years • manager for
-.' the United Undertakers'. Association; M. J.
McBrearty; with the same company for 18
•years;, P. F. Green.. late with J..C' O'Con-
• nor, & Co.,; : have opened new- Funeral Par-
J lors ; at ; 1171* Mission st . » between • Seventh
•. and* Eighth.'- Telephone -South *44.- --,--. r.
fi 27 mna ' 20 Fi fth St.'-TCI. South 187 I
1 niNTRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS.f
• » ' ""•"" ' l»>t ¦ Moderate c HUxtca. ¦ '
¦;;¦:- RE MOVED I ""^"
. mcGINN'. BROS.; ":"..
" FUNERAL DIRECTORS - and ¦ EMBALM-
>ERS, to 224 and 220 McAllister st. XFor-
roerly of 3HEdd^ st <TeI.*South 252.)-
ALAMEI) Ax ADYERTISEMENTS.
! : ; - ALAMEDA REALij^ESTATE. ¦;£'•-!. -.
BAiRGAINir~BARGAINS! rBAROAINS! ? :•
.$1200 buys a good . cottage/ 4 rooms and
bath;. lot 50x150; a snap. ;. . .
$2500 buys S-room house; lot 35x150; a bar-
• e& "see the • • ALAMEDA'. LAND CO.,. ¦'<¦ ¦
"- "~ - -. '. '¦' ~- - --^ 15OO Park St., Alameda. -.,
. , Homes . built, . rented and exchanged. - , (i '
THERE are still a few. lotp" left on Santa 1 Clara
• ave.; near Sherman" st.; will build on terms to
suit. -.•"-¦ • •¦ •¦ :-.."; -_ >r- .-. ' ¦¦ ' ¦ ¦ I--]
$2650— New cottage; 6 rooms; Webber st;
! lot 50x120/ - ' J HJ. YOUNG, Builder,. .,
.. '-.."¦ '¦¦ , ¦¦¦¦' 1243 Park st '
ROOMS FOn-HOBSEKEEWJiG."
BELiir~Tlio~1773. Market— flarlor suite/, with
kitchen; gas range;. $20: other rooms.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished : housekeeping rooms ;
. 2. $15; 3, $20; single. $4, $5 to $7.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 622^-Sunny bay-win-
dow suite;. 2 rooms; gas range, bath, etc. *
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny completely connect-
ing housekeeping rooms; running water; $10.
JACKSON, 920, near. Mason— Furnished large
housekeeping rooms; $7,' $8. : " • ' . .
OCTAVIA. 155 — Furnished; kitchen or light
housekeeping; newly . renovated.
O'FARRELL, 431 — Suite sunny rooms; furnish-
ed for housekeeping. \ . • -••;,'¦. .-.
POLK, 522— Bay-window ¦ front . sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
I POWELL, 1005, cor. Clay— 2 sunny rooms, $16;
¦ 3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
SHIPLEY, 259—4,* 4, *4,. and 4 housekeeping
rooms, $4. $6, • $8 and '$10; no animals; no
drunkards. ~.". .- :
STOCKTON, 1206 — Nicely -furnished single and
double housekeeping rooms; ' free gas and
stove; model house; $4. $0, $8 and $10. -
TEH AM A, 331 — 3 large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms to let. MRS. FOLEY. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and 'subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unlnrn.
A — FREE list furnished room to let: with or
without board; we save you walking ,the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 ' Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
CLAY," 1613 — Furnished .front room- in prf-
..vate family, with bath and phone; rent- S15.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms;. prices reasonable.:
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No.' 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
ELEGANTLY furnished front room, for one or
two. <.. 1523 Clay st. . . - : ,".. /
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 50 night; $1 50. $6 wk; open all night.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly -furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated. !
GEARY, 428 (The Gage)— An elegant sliit o7
sunny rooms; also single; the . above" house
has changed hands and been ' renovated.
GENTLEMAN wants 'a gentleman to share
with, him a large suite of. rooms in -a first-
class family hotel. - ;• Address L. H. C, 29
Montgomery st. room 14. ¦: ¦ ¦¦
MARTINET, .1101 Geary— Handsome : suites;
. private baths; newly furnished single' rooms.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth-^Newly furnished
, bay-window room. ¦ $1 per week; transient. •;
MISSION, 2533 — Sunny' ; furnished modern
rooms: private; first-class in every respect, i
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny ' furnished rooms and
offices: elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PERRY. • 111 — Rent : $6; fine double sunny -fur-
nished room; private family. .-..-..;--
RQYAL House. 126. Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold .water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House.- J8, Eighth ut,
near Market— Furnished; also, 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1022%. nr.. Hyde — Large double par-
• lors. furnished; sun all day; phone..-*,
TAYIX)R,- 810>— SutfnyV fr8nt,rQom, $8ranother.
¦- $10:. quiet, nelect location.^.
TURK, 543 — Clean, quiet single room with
bath; $5 per month; private . ".
VALENCIA, 1232— Nicely furnished room;
sunn3'7 gas, bath; for 2;near depot."';
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated: furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • '¦ ¦ ' - -
BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
- electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
ftrat-class board; reasonable; phone South 82U.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 607 — To a refined couple; large
sunny parlor, -with board, In private home.
SUTTER, 1 f>49 — Elegant furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; newly furnished; board optional.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished ¦ sunny
suites, single, rooms;- first-class: tattle board.
ROQ3ISAXP BOARD "WANTED.
WANTED— Comfortable home 1 and care . for I
elderly gentleman- partially paralyzed. Ad-
dre8s, stating. terms, box 4822. • Call office.
WANTED — Room • and • board by . lady in ex-
¦ change, for . new bicycle. Box : 4708, ¦ Call. -
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants 'ejected for $4: -collections made;
city, or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580. :
SEWING MACHINES. AND SUPPLIES^
ALL kinds bought," sold,' rented, 'exchanged; re-
pairing; 'lotv-est rates.' Tel. Green" 144. 203 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
: lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. ' 145 "Sixth.
_^SJV0RAGE^AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ;, tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEfo WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon st: tel. Howard 041.. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van 1 and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
te).- Main 1840; chipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany.' 2320 Fillmore st: phone Jackson 281.
' AND^SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^T-YPEWMTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in. the city; rentals $3V- The- Typewriter
. Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 206.
WEBSTER .Typewriter Inspection 1 Co.— "Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
.TYPEWRITING AND J^j'^EQGRAPinyG.
EXPERT typewriting.- 4c folio; copies, 2c: mlm-
t-ographlng. 027 Market, rm. 301: Jessie 1554. '
.DIVIDEND. NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
. pany. Con.: "A dividend. No. 40. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per. share on the Issued capi-
. tal stock of - the company ' has been . declared
payable at the of flco 1 of the company, rooms
202-204-200 Hay ward -' building. ':> San Fran-
cisco, on' April 30. -1902. f Transfer books close
. April 3, 1902. ; at noon. . J. . R; LE AVELL,
- Secretary- : '¦¦.¦¦-".¦¦."-¦¦.¦ ¦'-¦..'.-.• ,¦"-.-...
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE I of . the Sierra j Railway 9 Company of
California.- 229 Crocker bldg.. . San Francisco.
-Cal.; April' 1. 1902— Coupon No. 10, due April
' 12 1002, from first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
. . of' the Sierra Railway Company of. Califor-
nia,' will be paid at the fiscal agency of this
company, ¦' the Crocker- Wool worth National
Bank: of San 'Francisco.' Cal.,' on and after
that date. S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
¦//_¦<. l'ROPOSALg. .
PROPOSALS .for purchase of-U. S. Army
¦ transport-. ROSECRANS. — Office of . General
Superintendent -Army . Transport ¦ Service,- 36
•"¦"New -.Montgomery . st. San Francisco « Cal.,
'.'April 7.- 1902.— Sealed proposals, in triplicate
• for • the purchase ' of • the ** Army -transport
ROSECRANS will -be. received in this office
";. until 12 m..." April 24. 1902, and then opened.
1 'Vessel to be delivered to successful. bidder in
San ¦ Francisco, Cal.. The' appraised 'valu* cf i
> eaid : vessel' is , one, hundred thousand ; dollars.
' The Government reserves the • right to reject
' any <s or all proposals. V Envelopes ¦ containing
'proposals, should' be. indorsed ."Proposal- for
.' purchase of "Army - transport I ROSECRANS, '.'
and ad(ir«Bsed,to the. General Superintendent,' 1
Army .Transport Service, 'San>Franclsco.-.Cal*
Particulars -¦. as „ to • bonds •_• required, : and ;• in-
¦•fcrmation as: to the character of vessel, etc.;'
¦ " furnished on application." -•¦; " ¦ •> • .
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR ':? SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
_ 638 MARKET, ST.
$75,000 — Grand corner on Market \ st, near
Franklin; lot 75x124 feet; '3 frontages;
- ¦ ¦ -this is the cheapest lot on • Market • st."
< and will double in value in the next
few years. ,•
$20,000 — Rents $2350 per annum; 90 feet front-
age on Montgomery ave. by 137:6 feet
to a main street, in the rear; 4 stores
-with living rooms in rear; 4 houses of
7-12 rooms and. bath each, and three
flats 5 rooms and bath each; a big In-
crease in value is assured to this
property. • .- . > /
$36,000 — Six new elegant modern corner flats
in the best portion : of Golden ¦ Gate
ave. :¦ facing Jefferson* square; rents
. $3090 per annum; lot 55x100 feet
$26,500 — Three modern flats, 8-8-9 rooms and
bath; north of Market st. ; only thre:
blocks from , Market and Powell ; lot
'25x137:6 feet; rents $2000 per annum.
$9,000 — Two swell new modern flats of 7 rUbms
". . and bath each; on Page st. near, Park
Panhandle; rents $990 per annum; lot
, 27:6x137:6. -#~N;-".« £$?
$S,500 — Three new modern 'flats of 6-7-8 rooms
' and bath; rents $9C0 per annum; Jack-
son st, near Devisadero; lot 25x127:8^4
feet.
$8.000^ — Store and five well built flats, only 100
>_';,',' feet from Sixth st, near Howard; lot
¦42x75 feet. . ',
$6,500 — Four flats; substantially built; on Te-
hama St.. near Fourth; rents $708 per
>f AC- annum; lot 35xS0 feet. \-
$4,600 — Four fine flats of '4-5 rooms ;\ near
• • Eleventh and Folsom sts. ; new roof;
new plumbing; .lot 48x75 feet; rents
$528 per annum. .
$3,750 — 2 cottages on 'Ellis St.. near Scott;*9>t
30x75 feet.
$C00 cash, balance same as rent; new mod-
ern cottage of 6 rooms, porcelain tub.
' etc.; just finished; up to date in all
details; best part of Ashbury Heights;
close to electric cars; price $3000
$2. COO — Well-built cottage with stable; on
Harriet st. near Bryant; lot 25xS0
feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
JOSEPH STRAUB,
— i 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. . .
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
$6,000 — 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath,
... basement, laundry, garden; everything
¦ In good order; lot 25x92:6; Buchanan
St.. near Sutter.'
$7.000 — Six flats on Harrison st, near Fourth;
'25x86; rent $6S6 per annum..
$3,800— New 2-story house in the Mission;
with store; sun all day. •
$12,500 — Three new flats on Page st, near
Ashbury; rents $112 50 per month. i
' $8,500 — Jackson, st near Baker; 3 modern
flats; rents $81 50 per month. .'
$20.000— House and lot near Stockton and Sut-
ter sts. -
$20,000 cash, ba!ance"on easy terms; a very
good income producing property of -.12
flats and residence of 9 rooms; stable;
chicken yard: lot In rear to build on;
rents $3000 per annum.
$10,000 — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
. ' Scott st.. near Geary; worth $12,000.
$4,000 — Corner house and lot 25x133; 8 rooms.
$2.400— Cottage of 6 rooms, well and 10 fruit
trees in rear; lot 25x100; at Twenty-
sixth and Harrison sts. ;
$350 — Corner lot near Thirty-fourth and Mis.
sion sts.: 25x75.
$250 each — Four lots. 25x75; near Thlrty-
- fourth and Mission sts. .
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished; lot
126x300; Drice $2000.
Shasta County — 0*0 acres of white oak.
SOUTHEAST corner of' Harrison and Lang ton
Bts.; 75x75. with improvements: make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
square. " v
WANTED at once, a number of choice residence
lots; we have cash buyers waiting. HEALY
& CARR, -927 Market St.. room 208.
j REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
iAN FRANCISCO.
3508 st; store and living rooms;
price $2200; small payment down, balance same
as rent ,
1S19 Sixteenth ave.; 3-room house; good lot;
price $SO0; $50 down, balance same as rent."
1871 Fifteenth ave.; small house; price $700;
no payment down; monthly, payment,'- $9 80.
211 De Montford ave., Ingleslde; lot 50x125;
7-room ' cottage; chicken houses and barn; 1
block ¦ from car line; price $1500; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent . .
„_ .-.: _ .SUNNYSJJ3E.. .,_.. V-'..:
26 Circular ave.; flat of 5 rooms and store:
store rents for $8; price $1250; no payment
down; same as rent.
231 Joost ave.; 4-room cottage; price $800;
no payment down; monthly payment $11 20.
414 Forester ave.; 5-room cottage; price
$850; no payment down; monthly, payment,
$11 90. s
I also have a few houses to rent. -
A. E. RUDELL, 301 California st
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Bun Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California et, for
pamphlets and information. -
12 ACRES of very' rich land; suitable for mel-
ons and garden truck; family orchard; fine
. prune orchard; large buildings for hog and
chicken raising; abundance of good water;
splendid opportunity for right man. Call or
address at -3226 King st, Berkeley.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prone
lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON • &
MONTGOMERY. 034 Market. S. F.. & San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property."
Land Dept. American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hay ward building. . . ¦
CHOICE country lands for sale. Land Dept,
AmcricanGuaranty&Trust Co-.Hayward bldg.
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful Income home
. in San Jose for S. F. property. Box 4671, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
- 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SIJUURBAN REAL ESTATE.,
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
ctatlon, for rent from June 1; rent §60 per
month. J.' TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RE AL ESTATE.
MUST be sold; owner leaving for southern part
of State; handsome house of 11 rooms and
bath; good location; fine view; lot 70x160;
will sell at sacrifice to make quick sale. Ap-
ply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley
station. - ,
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
. ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITY ALH A DVERTISEMENTS
FRCITYALE REAL ESTATE.
$900 — House, 5 rooms and bath; lot 45x140;
chicken-house, barn for 5 head of cattle,
fruit trees and flowers; city water; '3
blocks from electric car line; $100 cash,
balance $9 00 per month. ¦ •
$1000 — House, 3 rooms; large lot; good well; 4
blocks from car line; terms to suit pur-
chaser. — —
$1000— House, 5 rooms and baTh; lot 112x112;
barn; % mile from station; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month.
$1000 — House, 5 rooms; lot 45x145; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month; Allendale
Tract . ' .
$1100 — House, 5 large rooms; lot 45x140; all
fenced; $100 cash, balance $12 per mo.
$1200 — New house; 4 rooms, grained in oak; lot
50x174; city water; $200 cash, balance
$12 per month.
$1500— House, IS rooms; steel bath; 30 cherry
trees; city water; lot 50x174; $100 cash,
• balance $16 80 per month; this. Is a bar-'
caln. .'
$1500 — House, 5 rooms and bath; : lot 60x164;
$21 per month willbuy this home; For-
'•'-•¦ est Park. ¦ ¦ .-¦... . .« , . , • .
$1550 — House, 8 rooms and bath ; high base-
ment; stationary tubs; lot 37:0x124; 4
blocks from station; $50 >cash; balance
$18 per month. This is a snap. -
$1700 — Modern house, 5 rooms and ; '• bath ; i V,
block from school, 1 block from car line
4 blocks from station; nice barn; city
water: lot 35x124; $200 cash, balance
$18 per month. .
$1800— House, 6 rooms, bath, mantel;' stationary
tubs; high basement; 2 blocks from sta-
tion; $300 cash, balance $21 per month
NO. 1165 — Sixteenth st. ; 6-room modern cot tape •
'a desirable home; price $2250; small pay.
•*. ment down, balance same as rent; ;¦ -.
.W. E. ¦. RUDELL.; corner Fruitvale ave. -and
Washington st. Office hours 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.
Sundays Included. .-¦¦-'• ,
OAKLAND jDYEItTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.:
OAJCLANP^FPRy ITURE " FOR, SALE."
FURNITURE good and cheap this monthTvH^'
SCHELLHAAS, 40S eleventh at, Oakland.,:
MUSICAL I^STJOU^EXjrS-—Con^^
UPRIGHT planoTilOO; splendid 1 bargain: best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
. SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
$12 50 — STORE and fixtures; No. 7 range,
other wares for sale; also tea and variety
etore. Apply at 353 Fifth st. '-• ',
LOFT for rent, 40x65 feet for light manufac-
turing purposes; 'with water; .$16 month.
WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building/ 327 Market St.—
Light cheerful offices, $15@$25 per month;
' light heat Janitor and telephone.
PACIFIC, 328, near Sansome — Handsome, large
etore; cheap.
LARGE store with basement Just below Kear-
ny. to lease; also office rms. 636 Clay, rta. 1.
oil. ; ' .
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. in good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINTERS AND PgCgRATORS._^
Rooms papered $3 up ; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; tel. Red 3521.
PAPERING room, walls. $3; painting, $1;
whitening. 75c. Samuelson. 315 Golden Gate.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. : tel. Polk 1423.
~™~~ "~ PALMISTRY. "
MRS. E. P^A^CE7^cle^uSrb^slnMs~paTin7st
parlors 9 and 10. The Vendome. 1J04 Market
' 6t; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.; horoscopes cast
by mail, $1; palmistry taught"
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st, corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Pogt;tel.Black 561.
PERSONALS. '
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1' weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st. between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE Facial Massage during April, using cele-
brated Los Angeles preparations of
FANNY BRIGGS CARR
Mill remove moth patches, wrinkles, . cure
the worst pimpled face. 123 Stockton st. p-
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist.- 131 Post st
ON and after this date the undersigned will not
be responsible for any bills contracted by my
wife. Mrs. Millie Randhahn. Dated San Fran-
cisco. April 7. 1902. RICHARD RANDHAHN.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns. . April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market nr.6th.
ELECTRIC light . In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;.
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to ?6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A~WHAT do you think? "67~BERMAN, 48
- Ellis, -makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
'A FIRST-CLASS shampoo for 50c; hair dried
' in 10 minutes: hair dressing, 25c. G.-LED-
ERER. 123 Stockton st.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless: free treatment;
¦ work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley. 1702 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st. - ¦ ¦
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
A school to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling oryou are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,3320'Farrell; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
DR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy St.. corner Mason.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
. treatment for rheumatiam.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS "hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH- ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
do operation; no detention from business; all
¦ private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
eurgeon. at 484 Valencia st; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021*4 Market st.. bet. Sixth and 8eventh.
REAL ESTATE^lTj^TOJ^JAIJ!.
SPECK Sz. CO.. 667 Market »t.
¦ Opp. Kearny. Real Estate Agents and
Rent Collectors.
$175,000 Corner within 2 blocks from Market
and Powell sts. ; modern brick build-
ing; stores and 100 rooms; rents about
¦:: .. SDCO.
$55.000 — Half block from Orpheum, 1 block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging
houses.
$50,009 — O*Farrell-st. corner, inside of Larkin;
70x77:6 feet; rents $285; mortgage
$24,000 can remain.
$45,000 — Second-Et. corner, few . blocks- from
Market st. ; partly improved; lot 130
xlOO feet
$35,000— McAllister Et: corner: 85x98; good im-
¦ - provements; rents $220.
$30 000 — Fine business corner: 3 stores and 6
fiats; building cost $25,000; lot 6S:9x
71; rents $2450 per year.
$30.000 — Geary st.. near Jones; fine improve-
ments; rents $170.
$17,500 — New Post-st. flats; east of Larkln et;
pay 8 per cent
$22,500 — North Beach gore corner: 75x110 feet;
stores and flats; rents $215. - - - • .
$11,000 — Modern flat*; near Hyde and Sutter
ets. ; rents $90.
$10,000— Golden Gate ave. flats; lot 27:6x120
feet; 2 frontages; rents $77 50; this is
a bargain.
$9,500 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
vestment.
$3,500 — Geary-st. corner; 62 feet frontage;
half of property improved; cheap buy.
$5 500 — 6 fiats; half block from new postofflce
building; rents $52.
$2,000 to $3000 — Cottages in Mission and
Western Addition. Call for liet.
RESIDENCES.
$15 000 — Modern Jackscn-st. residence; 12 rooms
and baths; rents $100; near Alta
Plaza.
$17,000— Pacific Heights residence; north Fide;
10 rooms and baths; fine marine view;
lot 48x137:6 feet.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$41.000 — NW. cor. California and Jones sts.,
115x105; 2 blocks from proposed Fair-
mont Hotel; if improved according
to our plans, can get tenant at $1900
per month.
130.000 — 137:6x128; northwest corner Gough st;
marine and panoramic view; choice
residence site.
$5,000 — 100x100; 1 block from Golden Gate
$3,500 — 75x250 feet; Castro-Bt corner; 3 front-
ages. - ' . ¦ ¦¦-¦.¦'
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
GEO. THISTLETON & CO..
Real Estate Agents, Ocean View, Cal.
HOMES IN EIGHT OF THE GRAND OLD
OCEAN.
Tlie San Francisco and San Mateo cars stop
at Sadowa Et., Ocean View. ¦ .
You can buy neat cottages, and fine level
lots, at a !ess price than In any suburb . of
gan Francisco.
A neat 4-room cottage, 2 large lots, in choice
location; must be sold for less than cost, of
the two lots. '¦¦¦•'-;• ¦
Four level lots, 25x125 each; worth at least
$800; must be sold for $400 or/ less.
Other property in proportion. Stop car at
Eadowa St.. Ocean View.
THISTLETON 1 S office and residence, -272
Sadowa «t. : telephone Capp 2425. '¦
H. E. POEHLMAN, Realty and Insurance.-
. 304 Montgomery st'
$15.000 — Pacific Heights; 60 vara lot,137:6x
137:0; permanent marine view; sunny; near
car line*; rapidly enhancing.
$0750 — Eaj>y terms; bay window residence of
rooms; all modern improvements; marine view;
key lot; near Buchanan and Vallejo. .
I Richmond cottages and lot*; cash or terms.
BARGAIN— New house of 6 rooms and bath;
all modern Improvements, besides store and
llvinc-rooms in lower floor; cheap; ¦ easy
.. terms. See owner on * premises NW. . corner
' Cbenery and Fairmount sta. -
APPRECIATED if seen; new, elegant sunny
modern cottage; 6 large rooms and bath; San
Jose ave., near Valley St., bet 28th and 29th;
Guerrero-Et cars^pass door.
MISCELJLA^OJL^FOR^^'LE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
t«xJ6-INCH air receiver and fitting; 36xl4-inch
" air receiver and fittings; 54xl6-lnch oil tank
and connections; 4Sxl6-inch oil tank and con-
nections: square and round tanks, all tlzei.
MxHi inches; return tubular boiler, all com-
plete; Atlas engine. Dow pump, all second
hand. 130-132 Beale St.. H. S. WHITE. ¦
FOR SALE — At 744 Mission Et.. marble vrash-
etands and mantels, doors, windows, bath
and complete toilet r.u«l all kinds of (rood
building material. Parties wishing same
must call at once. -«"X
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en.
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
IiAI! fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
MAKRLE — For sale cheap; ten new • scrolls,
large and small, single or all together, at
t!-«- Tell House. Ocean View.
A — $3 W) Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. 510 ; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
BARGAIN: a good bicycle. 2 bedsteads, some
oak rockers, chairs and tables. S74 Howard.
l.'.<' >¦>'¦« HARD, cleaned second-hand brick; $5
per 10O0. DOLAN CO., 1611 Market st.
FINK cow and calf, 246 Elsie st.. off Cortland
avenue.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER A HAMILTON.
J 10— FRENCH range; S-foot; second hand.
HOCKING & ADAMS. 3SS Geary st.
JCEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
geoJ order; complete; cheap. 1815 Mission.
JfoLL- e'.res men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
•^ rrice. 5C3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
po to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought eold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 513 Market.
ASK lor prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st '
GASOLINE ensiaes, all sizes, new and Sd-hanS
ar.d launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; eecond-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
\S"E pay $0 per 100 for names; send 10c for
blank book and particulars. The French
Chemical Co.. 241 N. Fifth st, Phila.. Pa.
EIG prices p*ld for sealskin coats; also goats'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Lean
Office. 25 Stockton Ft.;, phone Bush 484.
I WILL ray pood cash prices for old seal-
skins; send postal; will call. Box 4337. Call.
¦\Y anted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarasworthElectrieaIWks..41STurk.
TILTON wants rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 285L
3IONEY TO LOAX. •
A^^H^RMAN^iri^Hlfr«oT^6^^xamTn^rbdi
J1.5UO.000 at Lowest Rates. ........
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes. ,
J IF YOU NEED MONEY !
r See HERMAN MURPHY. 001-602 Examiner.
AA- MANHATTAN LOAN CO One).
£300.000 at 5*-2 end 4> per cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. 7TH FLOOR. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~*
First second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Hortgagres and legacies bought; no delay.....
Get ir.y terms beiore doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN........
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
eecend and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 816
Market Et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Bed 1603. . ... j _
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St., room. 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent In sums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond rnortgs. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages And on fur- ;
riture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary et-. room 3&
A PRIVATE party leans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
&ge; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
Roora 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
iTWVrNG. C10 Examiner big.: loans on planes,
furniture, etc., at 2% without removal; n»
brokerage charred: confidential; open eyes.
O. A. LANE, Mills building, will loan sums to ,
suit; interest lo» ; also easy payment loans.
?10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg., <5 Eddy. no. 72. 4th fir.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. Gartheis. 208 Post
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 3C2 Montgomery st, r. L
Moa*>y loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lr.dorser. MORRELL. €09 Examiner bldg.
2% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI, 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, piano*; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. liUDELL. 222 Sansome st
LOANS money on salary; no indoreer: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. "0» Phelan bldg.
_ MUSICAL^ INSTRU3IENTS.
BEAUTIFUL cased, rich-toned pianos, with
th«» finest action can be had from us at such
lew prices and easy terms that any one can
afford to buy; in fact it is better to buy
than rent. "We sell the Decker- Wissner-BAi-
melster ar.J l^toddard, and you cannot fait to
be pleas..-:! v/Iih them. Call and I wk, even
If you i*rc tiit c,uite ready to buy. THE
ZENO MAI-VAlo MUSIC CO.. TO Manser.
ALTHOUGH raacy seemingly advantageous
.propositions are offered in the way of prices
end terms, upon planes, please bear in mind
tl.at we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine plane* and largest
«M>ortm^nt of best makes to choose from.
FHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers
cor. Kearry and Sutter «ts.. S. F.; Broad-
*vay and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS our new building and hall is not quite
completed we are mcklxig a cut on all our
piar.os. Some special bargains—I Knab*r$a5;
. 1 Heine. 5185; 2 Stclnwars. $1C5; 3 Chicker-
i 'rpR, $140 to |170; and 20 others. Squares,
f^*J5 up. Email amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary rt.
ATTENTION. BAP.CAIN-HUNTERS — ..-
Eecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from |50 up.
feecend-hand orpins from $25 up; new upright
j;ianos from 1175 up. DENJ. CURTAZ & '¦
EON. IC to 20 O'FarrelL Chlckering, Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano cold by us taken back any time
v.-ith!n 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
riono from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 20
OTarrell st. : established lSi».
DEALERS, big profits saved on unredeemed
piano*; selling for storage and advances; up-
right?. $-37 up (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
age, 1710 Market et.
LUDW1G ptanoft — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 931 Market
£t-. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
EMALL upright $35; large cabinet cr&nd up-
ri£ht. $150; square pianos, $35 op; A. B.
Cair.eron, walnut case, almost new. - $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th st.. Ivers & Pond agts.
Moving Kast; must dispose of larjre, handsome
upright grand piano; 3rd cost. 1000 Van Nest.
1 FINE old violin for sale; cheap. 3602% MU-
filon et
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
*n<1 other pianos and pipe organs.
£¦ LEADING pianos — Steinway, Chlckering,
1 Weber; other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
* BARGAIN, exeat Baeriflce; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JQS. ECHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. . H."
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 T-tti«tn place.
" North Yamhlll, " Or^': a 7 native :. of ..Oregon,
aged 47 years 8 months and 29 days.' -
': ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
full*-. invited to attend the tuneral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 210O Ellis street,^ corner of Broderick.
ZOERB— In thla city, April SV 1902. Wllhelm
Anton, eldest and dearly beloved son of John
and Dora Zoerb. brother of Annie, Edna and
John Zoerb, and grandson of John and-Cath-
> erine • Zoerb and ¦ Phillip ¦ and - Margarethe
:' Younsr, ' a ¦ native of San Francisco,' aged 5
. years 6 months and. 6 days. _: . " • '- ;
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' .Union Association
." —Funeral' Notices The funeral /detail, com-
irtenclnir at John Korlen and ending- at Jo-
seph Lenhardt.' will assemble at their hall,
. 603 Front street, at 9:30 o'clock .Wednesday
,- morning,'- April 9; to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Thomas Teellng. Fines for
non-attendance will be ctrictly enforced. By
• Order i ; P. F. WHEARTY.-President.-
¦ HUGH McKEVITT. Rec. Sec. -¦=¦>. ¦ ¦¦¦¦>¦ '¦'¦-¦':¦-. -.:The expenditure of several hundred dol
lars for experting the value of the North
Bloomfield mining property was taken up.
Mrs. BeU paid . she had. Incurred the ex
pense because she was desirous of ascer-
Leicester was anxious to hear more con
cerning that affair, and. in answer to his
questions Mrs. Bell said Maxwell . had the
letters in his pocket when confronted by
the detectives. He gave them up after
seme show of force -was made. Mrs. Bell
said the letters were taken from the of
fice safe; the key of which was in Max
well's possession.
"It was Maxwell," went on the witness,
"whom the detectives caught taking let
ters from the safe— letters concerning the
Mazatlan property."
"Strike that out." said the court.
The court objected to dragging Max
well's name into the controversy, he be
ing in no wise connected therewith.
Caught Taking Papers From the Safe.
"I do not," was the tart reply. "I only
know that while he was executor his
principal business was to get away with
the Bell estate."
"I mean to say that the Bell estate
¦was .worth $1,250,000 when they took
cfcarge of it, and -that they turned over
a small portion of that sum."
"Do you know the business in which
Staacke Is "engaged?" ;¦->-,'
"Did you not know they were respon
sible to you for all the papers In the of
ficer'
"1 knew they were responsible for the
entire estate." replied Mrs. Bell, sharp
ly, "but they turned very little of ft
over to me."
"Do you mean to say they were
thieves?" inoulred Leicester.
"I heard of such a statement, but when
my attorney called upon him with refer
ence to it, he declined . to consider the
matter."
"Do you know that of your own per
sonal knowledge, madam?" asked the
court.
"Xti, sir; I was told so by my attor
ney."
The matter was stricken out,, and the
witness asked to explain the why
ene had paid the Morse detective agency
$150 on April 6. 1300.
"I wanted the papers of the Bell es
tate guarded," replied the witness. "Both
Staacke and John Maxwell had keys io
the office, and after Staacke's removal
as executor it was necessary to preserve
the documents in my office."
"Were you not informed that Attorney
Drown had made a statement to that ef
fect?" '
WJiy the Detectives Were Km ployed.
Mrs. Bell said she thought the fee was
extremely reasonable, considering the
vast work done by Blakeman in collecting
the money for the estate. In the matter
of the Laguna ranch, which .became the
property of Miss L. J. Thompson on fore
closure and for the restitution of which
on the grounds of collusion and fraud
suit is now pending, the witness said she
was not aware thaf Miss Thompson was
willing to sell the property back to the
estate for what it cost her.
"Yes, sir, the case Executor Staacke
tried to settle with the attorneys for the
Robinson case for $2500.". . i
"For services in the collection of the
Robinson claim of $41,000," replied the
witziess. "I thought the fee was a very
reasonable one, inasmuch as he succeed
ed in collecting so large a sum."
• "You say this was the Robinson estate
case?" asked the court.
The matter was settled by the court ex
cusing Davis, and the examination of
Mrs. Bell by Leicester then began. She
was questioned at length upon the vari
ous items of expenditures which were
contested by the creditors. The item of
$1000 paid to Attorney Brewton A. Hayne
as counsel for the minor Bell heirs was
inquired into, but Mrs. Bell cut off de
bate with the statement that this sum
was paid by her out of her family alow
ance and that there was no voucher
therefor.
The fees of Blakeman as attorney for
the Witness were next inquired Into, par
ticularly one of $5000 on December 13. 1900.
"What was that paid for?" Inquired
Leicester. ; -
Mrs. Bell oa the Witness Stand.
Attorney Leicester asked that a wit
ness, Davis by name, be excused until
further orders of the court. Blakeman
was asked to state what he expected to
prove by Davis and his reply created the
first commotion of the day.
"I intend to show," answered Blake
man coolly, "that the firm of Drown,
Leicester & Drown while representing a
client with whom the Bell estate is now
in litigation also represents the creditors
of the estate. I will also show that the
firm solicited the creditors for their busi
ness and secured contracts — "
"I object!" Interrupted Attorney Lei
cester. "That is a matter foreign to this
issue, and counsel has no right to refer
to it."
"I was merely telling you what I ex
pected to prove by Witness Davis," said
Blakerr.an.
After the preliminary matters relative
to the proceedings were disposed of by
counsel, . Blakeman placed Mrs. Bell on
the witness stand -and she Identified her
annual account, together with the vouch
ers accompanying it.
Th» hearlns: of the contest of the cred
itors oi the Bell estate against the ac
ceptaaco of the annual report of Mrs.
Teresa Bell, the administratrix, on the
ground that certain items of expenditure
charged therein were excessive, was pro
lific of interesting testimony in Judge
Coffey*s court yesterday. Attorney T. Z.
Biakeznan represented Mrs. Bell and the
creditors were represented by Drown,
Leicester '& Drown.
Contest of Creditors of Estate
Fumishes Interesting
Testimony.
She Defends Blakeman's
Course as Her Legal
Adviser.
MRS. BELL GIVES
SHARP ANSWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 9, 1902.
': ¦_: Adams' , Hair," Restorer ¦ promotes sto wth, re
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair.' ; '50c'»
: Agnes . Kenny, ; the young woman who
stole a purse from ' Miss Etnma .A." ¦ Byrnej
while the <' last .• named > was worshiping at
the French Catholic Church, , Notre Dame
des ;' Victoires, * pn u Bush . • street, virtually
pleaded i guilty ', in Judge : Cabaniss'j court
yesterday- to a> charge* of ; petty ; larceny.
The Judge ' sentenced ' her^ to • serve .' four
months in. the County Jail. ' ,
Church'.Tnief, Sentenced.
An outing: will be given for the benefit
of the ...Catholic Ladies' Aid: Society •- at
Schuetzen Park. San Rafael, : Thursday ,
May 1. The committee which has charge
of the affair, is doing all in its power to
make the first ' outing; of the • society r- a
social as, well as a, financial success. The
committee of - arrangements • consists of
the following: Mrs. * P. - J. Moore ' (chair
man), Miss M. Conlhv (secretary), Mrs». G.
Bayreuther, Mrs: E. Curtis, 1 Miss U:> Spel
man, Miss A. O'Leary, Miss M. Carr, Miss
J. Mitchell, Mrs. T. Peckham ; % Messrs.
G. Bayreuther, T. Peckham, J. McGinney,
E. Cur Us. and P.. Moore/;
Aid Society to Give Picnic.
: Wllllani Costley, the colored coachman
for. Mrs. W. P. Morgan, 2211 Clay street,
whotwas arrested Monday night at Tay
lor and ."Washington streets on charges of
obstructing the street and disturbing -' the
peace, appeared "before Judge Mogan yes
terday. The cases were continued at the
request of the prosecution till to-morrow
and the ¦- Judge fixed Costley's bonds ¦ at
$300 on -, each charge. At least two ladles,
whom Costley ; Insulted, will appear in
court to testify, against, him.
May Be a Costly Experience.
¦-Divorces .were i? granted, yesterday ;to
Caryl Tonneson from Alfred Tonneson for
desertion, ; Fannie SBeguhl; from Henry F.
Beguhl , for extreme .cruelty, ..- and " < May
Bernal from A. 1 Y. Bernal for infidelity.;
The- threats of whipping, is: but one of
•the acts of cruelty Mrs. Hostetter alleges
against her ', husband. ..-"She.. charges that
on another evening.- in September of last
year Hostetter cruelly * abused her I be
cause ehe ; did - not; open" a gate on the
farm with sufflcient'aJacrity.,. She alleges
further that he- summoned her- one night
to help him, repair, a' door, \ and because
her strength proved 'insufficient- he cursed
and abused her. -She alleges -also 'that
Hostetter frequently; drinks to excess and
on : many .occasions remains .;away from
his- home,"for, several ¦:• days and' nights,
thereby causing l great, anguish.
:,The wife alleges thafher husband reaps
a i profit ¦ of $1500 < a : year. •; from - his ranch,
and aBks the court. to. compel him to pay
her $40 per month aHmonjv, :
Forest D.'v:Berrineld is: suing Annie M.
Bernfleldi'.to;. whom^he: was». married, in
December, ; 1894^ f or , divorce on tile ground
of < desertion. :?• He alleges that his : wife
left him without 'cause in May,1899. '-¦ ,,
I Thomas ; Muldowney i brought a suit for
divorce " yesterday- i against Mamie Mul
downey for cruelty, and Elizabeth Leathc
brought' suit: against G ., W. Leatho on
the same ' cround.,-. r. ¦- ¦•'.." ¦ i ' :¦ . ¦ - ¦¦¦¦¦¦
Whether, VerdlvHostetter, a farmer of
Santa Maria, would j beat his wife with a
"blacksnake" j is - not known, but' Mrs.
Hostetter, i in a divorce complaint filed
yesterday, alleges that he has threatened
to do | so. ,-The • alleged threat/according
to the plaintiff,:. caused her great mental
anguish 'and; bodily suffering. Mrs.' Hos
tetter j further i i alleges: that in September
of last. year she. remonstrated with her
husband for cruelly, beating a team of
horses which .was unable to pull a heav
ily laden wagon- fro,m a mud - hole into
which He had driven it. Her remonstrance
was unavailing.and she alleges he turned
upon; her ana threatened to apply the
whi:> to her." . ' • ¦ ;; /; ¦¦•'.¦. . ¦* , ¦ . ,'
The question, of bail.' was raised, and
Miss. Marshall, who .was lncburV with her
rraid, was asked as to the circumstances
of the case. She said she would decline
absolutely to prosecute the girl, and re
peated it several times. The ; property
stolen is worth more than $300. and it has
all been recovered. She. thought the girl
had been punished enough. Some : of £ the
things taken; such as photographs,'. were
only of value to the owner, and in taking
these the girl showed; that there, ¦ was
something wrong with ' her . mind." ...-" Mias
Marshall had' received bouquets of flow
ers from the girl, but. only *a few: ; . <
The girl's widowed mother was 'also in
court, and she was . called to. make a
statement. She said the girl was only 18
years of age, and. was crazy., after: ac
tresses. She believed- she was'Irresponsi
ble, as there had been insanity In her fath
er's family, her'uncle having been-sentto
an insane asylum.. She was satisfied the
girl was not in the habit of stealing, i and
hoped she would not be punished. : .
The Judge fixed Evelyn's bonds at $500,
or $250 cash, and instructed Detective
Reynolds, who swore to, the. 1 complaint,
to subpena Miss Marion Convere and. Miss
Oza Waldrop of the . Alcazar and Miss
Agnes Ranken of the Central to ; be ; in
ccurt to-morrow morning, .along with
Miss Marshall, as he was anxious to dis
cover - whether the defendant had ever
before been accused of theft. ¦' -•
..Evelyn Mars appeared before Judge Mo
gan yesterday on the charge of .burglary
for breaking Into the flat ; occupied . by
Miss Annette- Marshall,' leading, lady of
the Central Theater, "> at 531 ¦: Golden Gate
avenue and stealing a" sealskin coat and
other articles. She '.was instructed -V and
arraigned, and the Judge appointed At
'torney Archie Campbell to "; assist ' Attor
ney . Walter Ferral for the ; defendant.?
Pootlight Favorites' to
Appear in Judge Mo-.
gan's Court.
Mrs^ Hbstetter Charges
Her Husband With
¦"Cruelty./;
FARMER'S WIFE
ASKS DIVORCE
ACTRESSES MUST
GIVE TESTIMONY
Injunction Is Continued.
Judge Seaweir yesterday -refused to dis
solve the : temporary injunction restrain
ing ;W.' M. Willet t from taking legal ac
tion against C, W. Randall, president and
manager of the Wakelee Drug Company,
on a note given by Randall as security for
a loan made to the firm by Willett's wife.
The suit will be tried on its -merits next
Friday. • , ' . . .
The regular monthly meeting of the
Regents of the State University was held
yesterday at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art. Judge Charles -W. Slack presided
and there were also present President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, i J. E. ; Budd,
Rudolph J. Tausslg/Dr. C. N. EUInwood,
Dr. George C. Pardee, Dr. Chester Rowell,
Judge James A. Waymiro and Charles S.
Wheeler. _, . . ¦ .-.-
President Wheeler presented; resolutions
of appreciation of the assistance given to
the development of the farming. interests
by i he university. A vote of thanks was
given to Mrs. Martha E. Hallidie for her
gift to the university of $500 for the
Library of Mechanical Engineering. It is
Mrs. Hallidie's purpose to give $500 year
ly for the Mechanical Library as a me
morial to her husband, the late Regent
Andrew S. Hallidie. Mrs. Caroline E. Le
Conte was also given a vote of thanks for
her gift to the university of the library of
her husband, Professor Joseph Le Conte.
Mrs. Le Conte has also presented to- the
library an index rerum, which records a
large part of Dr. Le Conte" s life work,
and which is invaluable as a body of
references for the use of scientific stu
dents. Mrs. Herman Oelrichs .was voted
thanks for her gift to the university of
her father's telescope. Herman Oel
richs received a similar acknowledgment
for his gift to the university of. three
handsome photographs of large size of
historical buildings at Rome, and Albert
Bonnheim was officially thanked for his
generous ¦ offer to endow a room, in the
Student Hospital. when it shall have been
built. The Joseph Bonnheim, memorial
fund, provided by Mr. and Mrs. Bonnheim
in memory of their son, at present pro
vides for eight scholars. ..
i The following professors were" ap
pointed: Marius J. Spinnella, assistant in
Italian, at $750 a year; Ludwig- Joseph De
meter, Instructor in German, at a salary
of S1000 a ; year, and Clarence Pascnall,
also as instructor in German, at a salary
Of $900.
The new professors will begin. their ser
vices with the next academic year.
, Mrs. Pedar Sather of Oakland made an
absolute deed to the Regents of her prop
erty in Ashland. Or.
The fund of the class of 1886, amounting
to $2700, will In the future be managed by
the Regents, at the request "of the donors.
The purpose of the fund is to relieve the
Immediate requirements of students by
loaning amounts that 'will assure the bor
rower immunity from actual want of the
necessaries 'of life. President Wheeler in
speaking of the fund, testified to its use
fulness and- in doing so said it kept some
from starvation and he ¦ could find plenty
of employment for more contributions for
a similar purpose. >, The president Inform
ed the Regents that the loans were well
paid back.' • "¦•".. , .
It was announced that the California
Board of Pharmacists had decided that
they would conferthe degree of doctor of
pharmacy instead of "graduate of phar
macy." • ' . .
The matter was referred to the attorney
of . the Board of Regents. .
hands of Inspector Sprague by jumping
overboard and swimming under the dock.
His pal was "Hoodlum Harry," who was
captured. .¦¦ . . , .;.¦¦. .
' The prisoners were loth to talk. They
refused to make :a statement when
brought before Customs Surveyor • Spear
and : Special Agents Channing and West.
To a Call representative Gavin, alias
Murphy, stated he was paid $2 to deliver
the baskets to the Golden Eagle Hotel
and he was on his way there when taken
into custody; He swore he , received the
opium from a stranger whom he met in
a saloon on the corner of Third and Har
rison streets: ..;¦" . . ,v
The 230 flve-tael cans weigh 115 pounds
The duty on opium is $6 per pound. The
opium is valued at $12 to $14 per pound.
An ; effort la being made: to locate the
other members of the ring.
tainlng the real value of the 6000 . shares
of stock belonging to the estate.
"I found that it was worth $5 a share,
although Staacke repeatedly sought to
dispose of it at $1 50 a share."
"How do you know that?" asked Lei
cester.
"You ought to know," interjected Blake
man, coldly, "Inasmuch as you were in
g-aged in the transaction."
Leicester Ignored the remark, and after
asking some unimportant questions,
which prompted the court to remark that
some speedier method of examination
must be found., the matter went over un
til this morning, when the examination of
Mrs. Bell will be resumed. .
Want "Side. Ladders". Made Safe.
The State Association' of Master Plumb
ers sent a communication yesterday to
the Board of Supervisors requesting that
an ordinance be passed requiring side
ladders on buildings to be construct
ed of iron, properly designed and secured
so as to render them safe. The communi
cation states that every few months some
plumber is killed or crippled by the use
of improperly secured ladders. '
Some^ Munificent Gifts
Go to Enrich State
GIVE THANKS
FOR DONATIONS
TWO ALLEGED OPIUM SMUG
GLERS AND THE£ POLICE
MEN WHP ARRESTED THEM.
POLICE Officers A. O. Juel and E.
"C." Gould captured -two opium
smugglers yesterday and secured
their plunder. The officers will
very likely receive a substan
tial reward from the Government. The
men arrested were John Gavin, alias Mur
phy, and Joseph Kirk, alias Duffy. Both
men are known to the Federal authori
ties as being dangerous men. They were
taken to the Hall of Justice and held un
til the proper papers could be drawn up
so as to hold them in the County Jail. . .
9 No Clams in Basket.
The capture of these men is. due to the
observing: qualities possessed by Officer
Juel. * The latter and Officer Gould were
on their way home at 6 o'clock yesterday
morning, and were waiting at. Lotta's
fountain for an outgoing Market-street
car. Juel happened to notice two rough
looking men on a northbound Third-street
car that was on its way out Kearny
street. He saw that the men were cov
ered with mud, and that they, had three
telescope baskets in their possession. The
eerly hour, coupled with the dilapidated
appearance of the men and baskets, led
Juel to investigate. He called to Gould,
and both sprinted after the moving car.
They boarded the back platform and
walked through the car to the front por
tion, where the men were seated. The
officers were in citizens' clothes. Juei
questioned the men, and their answers
were evasive.-. :.,..-¦ ¦ .•¦¦.. \.' •'".'.
"What have you got there?!? asked the
officer, "<;lams?" ¦ . ; .••
"No," said one of the fellows, sullenly.
"Do they belong to you?" asked Juel,
indicating the " baskets. ¦ ¦
"No; they belong 1 to a friend of mine,"
answered the spokesman.
During the conversation Gould made .a
closer investigation. He poked his finger
through the aperture and came in con
tact with a tin.., It dawned on him that it
was opium, and he so informed his broth
er officer.
When the car was in front of the Hall
of Justice Juel pulled out his star and
told Kirk and Gavin he was an officer
Both men bear unsavory reputatlonF.
Gavin was badly wounded by a customs
officer while trying to smuggle opium at
Honolulu. Kirk is believed to have been
a member of the Romula gang of opium
smugglers .who operated some years . ago.
He is recognized by the local inspectors
as the man /who avoided ' capture at J the.
It developed during the day that Kirk
is Employed as fireman on board the City,
of Puebla. which arrived at this port on
Monday.. Gavin was formerly employed
oh the same boat. The theory of the Fed
eral officers is that Kirk and Gavin are
members of a gang of smugglers who
have been operating on this coast for the
last six months. Their plan is to secure
the opium at Victoria- ' The stuff is
brought from China by one; of the gang
and transferred to Kirk when his' vessel
stops at -Victoria,
Supposed to Be Members of ,Bing.
and ordered them to come with him.
Gavin made plight resistance, but Gould
hauled him off the, car in a hurry. The
officers brought their men and plunder to
the Chiefs office, and a closer examina
tion of the baskets revealed 230 flve-tael
cans of opium. The men were Hakeh to
the City Prison on the top floor of the
Hall of Justice, and were booked. They
gave their names as John Duffy and
Joseph Murphy. Collector of the Port
Stratton was notified of the capture, and
ho detailed his clerk, Ellis A. Holmes, to
place the opium under seizurd. The -Dis
trict Attorney's office was notified, and
a complaint was drawn- up and sworn to
by Officer Gould. Late in. the afternoon
the men. were taken to the County Jail,
where they will be held on three counts.
A committee of the Grand Jury, consist
ing of Jurors Culen, Woodward and
Roche, will accompany Commissioner
Casey of the Board of Works and inspect
the premises.
After the members of the Board. of Pub
lic Works had made their explanations,
Chairman. Sonntag said:
"We do not want excuses, we want ac
tion." ¦
¦. Tessmer told the members of the Grand
Jury that ever since the Board of Public
Works r had been appointed he' had been
trying to get these fences, which inclose
a. cowyard. removed, but had not yet suc
ceeded. He 'said the Board of Public
Works had ordered the streets opened,
but found so many engineering difficulties
injhe way that they could not see how
it could be done: Tessmer claimed that
all that was needed was the construction
of a small bridge and the removal of one
or two fences. ¦¦...¦¦ - - - .. ¦
Commissioners Mendell. Mar.sden and
Casey of the Board of Public Worka
were called in together. They had sent
a long letter to the Grand Jury, explain
ing that conflicting, ordinances, resolu
tions and bills so confused their minds
that they were necessarily slow in doing
much-needed . work. This letter - was in
reply to a complaint made by H. Tess
mer,'Who resides in the Bay View dis
trict, at 1121 Thirty-fifth avenue South.
Tessmer has lived in the neighborhood
for thirty years, but cannot get easy ac
cess to his house by reason of the fences
that obstruct Thirty-fourth and Thirty
fifth avenues and K street. . '
Board of Works on Grill.
The Police Commissioners notified the
Grand Jury that hereafter the first part
of their sessions would be devoted to the
consideration of saloon licenses, and all
other matters would be relegated to the
end of the session. This also 'met with
the approval of the Grand Jurors. Both
bodies exchanged compliments at the con
clusion of the visit.
Police Commissioners Newhall, Howell,
Mahoneyand Hutton were specially sum
moned to have a heart to heart talk with
the , Grand . Jurors. There < were many
matters to discuss, and the four commis
sioners were 'closeted in the jury-room
for nearly an hour, while the members of
the Board of Public Works, who had also
been summoned, cooled themselves in the
ante-room. • ,.- . .
One result of the conference was the
announcement by the Police Commission
ers to the Grand Jury that they were
thoroughly- in accord with' any and all
efforts to . suppress gambling.*
"These gambling hells arc doomed,",
said Foreman Sonntag.
' "We hope they are," responded the Po
lice Commissioners in a body. "We will
help you all we can." ¦¦'. . ¦
Then- consideration was 'given to the
matter of drug stores and candy stores
selling liquor without a license. It -was
decided thatV"ice cream soda: with a
wink,'!, or ¦ , "acid phosphates with just a
taste of brandy," should not be so easily
obtainable as heretofore, unless the pro
prietors of the' two classes of' business
should pay a license commensurate with
that of the retail liquor dealer. It was
also suggested i that where ' restaurants
sold liquor, the license should be in
creased. • , ¦ . •¦ ¦ ' ' ¦' -. , . ¦.-.•..
•; Whereas, The reported bribery on the part
of the police force was circulated 'throughout
the . land by .; publication in I the newspapers of
the country and 'that said publication and cir
culation . of ! the : story :-. has caused the good
name and reputation of the Board of Civil
Service Commissioners and • the Police Depart
ment of. the city to be questioned, as also that
of prominent witnesses in the caser now, there
fore, be it .. . > -:¦¦¦¦'.
¦ Itesolved, By the Grand Jury of the city and
county of San Francisco. That after a roost
careful, thorough and . free examination we
find no truth whatever in the story circulated
by Mr. Ohnlmus; we further find that no police
officer has ever subscribed or been called upon
to subscribe to any fund to be used for the
purpose of- promoting: their examination before
the Board of Civil Service Commissioners; We
further find that no member of the Board of
Civil Service .Commissioners or O?ief Ex
aminer Moran, was ever offered, recefved. de
manded or asked for, nor was he ever promised
any sum of money whatever for his influence
or assistance in . the : examinations had before
the board. . ¦ . . ' •
. The charge as presented by Mr. Ohnlmus.
having cast a reflection upon the hone&ty, in
tegrity and efficiency / of the Board of Civil
Service Commissioners' and the Police Depart
ment of this city and county, we the Grand
Jury 'of the said city and county , refute the
charge as being without truth or foundation
and we do hereby fully, exonerate the said
Board of Civil Service Commissioners I and the
Police Department from any and all connection
in the matter "whatever. Respectfully Bub
mltted, ¦•. ¦ <r
E. P..FARNSWORTH. Chairman.
B.,H. LICHTENSTEIN.
E. PAUL. ROCHE. :,•'; ,
Police Commission Explains. .
The Grand Jury yesterday afternoon
put .a quietus on the story recently cir
culated, it is alleged,' through the medium
of Civil Service Commissioner :Ohnimus,'
that a fund. of $6000 was being raised -to
influence .the commission, of which he i3
a member, in the matter of police promo
tions. The public, put little faith in the
story, but. the Grand • Jury felt it duty
¦ bound | to : investigate the . matter. What
the I Grand j Jurors, thought about it is em
bodied in 'the, report of a committee,
which was unanimously adopted. The re
port is. as follows: •¦ . ; .'. v . '
, #•, SAN FRANCISCO, April 8, 1902/
' Mr.' Foreman and Members of the Grand
Jury, City and County of San Francisco —
Gentlemen : . The committee to whom you del
egated the power to present the findings of this
jury in the case known as "the police bribery
fund case," , in which it ; is charged by Mr.
Ohnlmus that . the Police Department of the
city and county of San Francisco had raiseO
a fund of $6000 to.be used for the purpose «of
bribing the- Board of Civil Service Commis
sioners in order to* gain promotion on the police
force, beg to. report . that :
Works Explain.
Police CommissioDers and
{" -Members of Board of -^ :
Grand Jurors Probe Into
the Municipality's
Affa ; rs.
CITY OFFICIALS
ARE QUESTIONED
and Turn Them' Over to the Federal Authbrities; for 'Trial
Prisoners Are Said to Be Members of \ an-; Established "Ring'
A. 0. Juel and E. C. Gould Arrest Two Notorious ;Law-Breakers
POLICE OFFICERS CAPTURE OPIUM
SMUGGLERS AND ALL THEIR PL UNDER
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VERY BEST BUTTER 35c
Extra Fancy Creamery. Full slzo
squares. Sampling: invited.
BEST TAMAUSS, 3 cans 25c.
SLICED PEACHES SK^'oalOc .
Rich and delicious; 10 limit. Usually 15c.
BEST DAIRY BUTTER, square 32%c
SMALL WHITE BEANS, 8 pounds 25s
Usually 5c lb -
MRS. FABER'S CHILJ SAUCE 15c
COCOANUT , Schepp ' s ""SKS |2Jc
Same as 30c pound packages, only fre3her
TOILET PAPER, 3000 sheets, 3 pkgs.25c
BEEF TEA £ erve i* free - " Rex " 30i» \
Ut-ur ICH brand. 2-ounce jar uUC h
Sr n Jtree e t n s To?e° n ° mlCaL ***¦ * <W-Tay^f
BEST MUSH. 10c cartoons 5c
POPULAR WHISKIES, quart bot 693
BIRD SEED, 10c packages 7c.
TABLE Cl ARFT Su sfrior in >in,»
CLARET Good value - No llmlt - 25c
"We save you money on all Honors
O. K. WHISKY, gallon 82.25.
Phone Howard 1021. *
ta mJStif A iffl tf Ml |31 n cS
McAllister and "fillmore^ts
., ,.; Phone Page 5456.
A HOME
BUILT
FOR YOU >*
$5.5O por Month
We Charare No Interest
Send for Prospectus.
Facific Home Co-operatiYe Co.
4OO-4O1 Calla'ghan'BMd'ff
1312 MARKET STREET.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AM OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. W1NSLOWS SOOTHING SYRUP
baa been -used for : over SIXTT TKam v
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CKuSritJ
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERMCTan^
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD SOFTEli'a
the GUMS. ALLAYS .11 PAIN ; CURES W^r!
COLIC, and | S the best remedy tn TaTAjT
KHOEA Sold by Dru^sts in ever? ££f t
the world.- Be *are and ask for f
MES. WINSLOW'S S00THINQ SYETIP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle.
DrLUOllJCiO ««• bootblacks, bath.
. , . ** houses. bUlant i tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, i canuera.
dyers. ¦_ flourmills, foundries, lanndrles, paper,
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roof era, tanners, tailors, ate. i
t.bCHANA.S BROS.. **
Brush Manufacturers. 60S Sacramanta St"'
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yea?
We have opened another shipment of
NEW BLACK DRESS GOODS, and
will have on sale this week a most
complete assortment of the following:
Etamines, Voiles, Eoliennes, Crepe Armures,
CpeDe deCbene, Samite, Crepe de Paris,
Poplins, Wool Batiste, Camel's Hairs and
\ Grenadines.
BLACK FRENCH EOLIENNES, 42 to 44 inches
wide,.--- v.......... $1,00 to $3.00 Yard
BLACK SILK GRENADINES, 43 to 44 inches
wide.-..;-.. .......... ...$1.00 to $3.00 Yard
BLACK \ SILK AND WOOL STRIPED ETA-
MINES, 43 inches wide- .$1.50 and $2.00 Yard
BLACK FRENCH CREPE ARMURE, 42 to 44
inches wide- .......; . v. . '$1.00 to $1.50 Yard
BLACK. FRENCH WOOL CREPES, 44 inches
wide, in stripes and small dots -.$1.25 Yard
BLACK FRENCH WOOL POPLINS, 46 inches
wide..................... $1.00 to $1.75 Yard
BLACK FRENCH SATIN PRUNELLAS, 43 to
46 inches wide- ..... ..... .$1.00 to $2.00 Yard
BLACK ENGLISH SILK-FINISHED BRIL-
LIANTINES, 38 to 45 inches wide- . . . 7 . . . .
"7 Cm 1a €*l Crt V^ A
¦ ' • mm, m. § f Til _&! ¦ 9 I if
• •••••••••••••••••••• ***••• |tiJU I U w 1 1 %J w I
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
% . forwarded free to any address.
Ill 113 115 117 119 121 POST STREET
111* IIWi llw, M(* Ui7» lafal ~ W«J I O 1 (\UC> I.
All goods marked in plain figures. 8p«-
clal' 10 per. cent discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays. Leibold Harness Co., 211
Larkin street. .. . «
Big Sale of Harness.
1 Fannie Bloomfield
i ZEIS LIR
S Comes
I: She Will Play the
•!:"'-V-:":',. i V-' '- - : "' -i ¦
I PIANO.
I SHERMAN, CLAf&CO.,
S - St e in way D e ale rs ,
? : Corner Kearny arid Sutter streets, San
w - . ' : '- r; - Francisco.
5 Corner Broadway 1 and : Thirteenth sts.,"
© Oakland.
yo\ir Fingers
Set Dyspepsioc <
There is a quality in Royal Bak-
ing Powder, coming from the purity
and wholesomeness of its ingre- : .',
dients, which promotes digestion.
Food raised by it will not distress. "
This peculiarity of Royal has been
noted by hygienists and physicians,
and they accordingly recommend:
it in the preparation of food, espe-
cially for those of delicate digestion.
EOYAL BAWNO'POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.