son Resigns From
Brotherhood.
» r - ,¦;••¦." •• ; , - , :
Dr. Jerome : A; Ander-
the Cause.
Autocratic Conduct of
Madame Tingley
THEOSOPHISTS REBEL
AGAINST THE "MASTER"
PABADEBS BEAB PETITION
FOB UNIVEBSAI. SUTTB-AOE
Cecil ' Hhddss .. Is Sinking-.
: ¦ CAPE .TOWN, March 24-6 a. in.— After",
a restless ! night/ Cecil ' Rhodes is ' weaker
this 'morning. ;. .
•' i . "¦¦•:•¦¦¦¦¦,•'.'¦
NEW YORK. March 23— David Bisp
ham, who lost his voice while singing at
Worcester, Mass., a few days since,, has
fully recovered and resumed his 'work; In
opera and concert.">He will sail May 10 to
take part in the coronation season 4 ! of
grand opera at Covent Garden,. London. ;.-.-¦
Bispham Recovers His Voice.
EL* , PASO, Texas, March 23.— Two; boys,
aged 15 and 17, members of ' a party - : of
three who ' .were tramping Across \ the
country! were run over and horribly man-,
gled. by a train, at Ysletai fifteen miles
cast .of - here. They, were on .'the
track. '. The/third ' boy. Fred '.Winchester
of Brunswick. ; Ga., escaped, and states
that' the .name- of ; one' of : his companions
was'j.' J: Johnson'of Abilene,", Texas. : The
name^of the second boy he^ does" not re-,
"member, but his home was i in Los An-,
celes. ¦ • ':. ••/•;• . ' : ,'";.
Two Boys Are Killed by a Train.
CHARLESTON. S. C, March 23.-April
9 has been set apart as President's, day
at the exposition... The/feature of the
day will be the presentation to Major
Jenkins by his former chief of the Rough
Riders of a beautiful sword from the
South Carolinans.
President's Day at tho Exposition.
.- KOSCIUSKO, /Miss.',/. March : 23.— Five
county ; made • ah;', attempt^ last '
night; to -.; b'u'fn ) their .way ¦'out "of prison,
the /stockade In ; which ; they, were
confined'dbwh^over j their. -headsi,' crcmat
irigl themselves?.*; They negroes.'. ',The
prisoners .were let; out : .t6 ; Robert ¦»; Camp-'
bell./couiity * contractor, * whose farm .' Is
situated "sixteen" miles ; westTof • this ; place;
and all ¦ were * charged ' with "minor ' \- of
fenses , "."•¦•.¦¦; '••'.-. i- \ :¦};•/'';¦ '.'../¦ '•
FIVE/ COUNTY t CONVICTS / ;
¦ ' ABE /BUBNED ' TO DEATH
The scene of ; the explosion was in. the
house^of , John , Boullard. / The i building
caught •? fire" \ whil e ; •'. the ; _ f arhily_. ¦ was i a t
church,' and : when'- the : heat; became «in
tense two 'boxes of dynamite, whith.wer'c
stored away for blowing up stumps, • ex
ploded. ,; . ' .' , '. ' '/
HOUG HTOX. ; Mich.; . March* 23.— A terri r
ble cxpiosioo of 'dynamite occurred near
Cskar, eight miles i north of -Hbughton,
resulting in/the; death/of 'two, men and
serious injury to. another .'The dead: . .
' GUSTAVE. JENKALA.-- "/ • / - <
ERIC KALTIANEN. / - : •/ [ji " ; '. i . v '
The injured:;/ Henry • Daplo,- four ' ribs
broken' and jaw. split:' will recover.'. * /''
Sets "OfE* Two/ Boxes of
',;.. , /, Powder. ; " . ;
Intense Heat From Burning Building
RESULTS'IN TWO
SOUTH McALESTER. I. T.. March 23.-
Fire early this morning destroyed Peter
Ivey's meat market, and seven other
framo structures. The body of Ivey, who
was CO years of age, was found in the
ruins. .There was an ugly wound on the
skull, and some think that Ivey was mur
dered and robbed and his storo set on
fire. The financial loss was 58000. . .
-
Think Burglars Started the Fire.
CHICAGO, March 23.-If present reports
are verified Charles Mellen will soon re
sign the presidency of the Northern Pa
cific road in favor of J. D. Farrell of Se
attle, president of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. Since the Morgan-
Hill combination acquired a grip on the
Northern Pacific numerous rumors have
come out from New York and St. Paul to
the effect that Mr. Mellen's tenure of of
fice would be Ehort and that a man would
be put in to manage the property who
would represent in every way the' Hill
policy. It was said recently that C. W.
Bunn. general attorney or. the j Northern
Pacific, had been selected to succeed Mel
len. This report Is now succeeded by an
other naming 1 Farrell as the coming exec
utive of the system.
J. D. Farrell May Soon Become Presi
¦ dent of Northern Pacific
Bailroad.
SEATTLE MAN SLATED
TO SUCCEED MELLEN
MEMPHIS, Tenn., March 23.-A strong
movement ha3 been set on foot in this
city to secure the election of Rev. Thomas
Gaylor. Episcopal , v Bishop of Tennessee,
as the next commander in chief of the
United Sons of Confederate Veterans.
The N. B. Forrest Camp of Memphis has
unanimously indorsed him for the position
'and a committee consisting of the most
prominent and influential cons of veter
ans In the South called on the Bishop and
prevailed upon him to allow the use of his
name at Dallas next month under tho
following conditions: That hi3 election be
unanimous and that the military feature
of the organization be eliminated."
Promises of support have come fxo« afl
parts of the country.
Confederate Veterans.
He Is Suggested for Commander-in
chief of the. United Sons of
ADVOCATE THE ELECTION
, "OF BEV. THOMAS GAYLOB
P. C. Inman. one of the principal drug
gists of San Rafael, and for whose. wife
Ida Jefferies had worked, said to-night:
"res, Ida Jefferies worked for my wife
as nursegirl, but Is not here now and I
do not know where she is and. in fact
cannot locate her. I have tried to do so,
but to no avail. She left us suddenly,
giving no warning to my wife that she
was going. She made up her mind one
morning, and left the house about U
o'clock.
"When she came to us it was from
San Francisco. I remember . at times
when I would be reading about the Fuller
mystery Ida would be much Interested.
She was a girl about 15 years of age, I
rnould judge. She did not say anything
to me about ever knowing Nora Fuller,
but I believe she did mention the^ fact to
my wife, and af ter.being questloned^about
the case would not say anything definite.
I cannot give you Ida Jefferies' address,
but. I believe she is in San Francisco
somewhere."
Her Wherebouts Unknown.
ther to!d me that she saw Nora in Janu
ary, and that she thought it was later
than the 11th. but was not certain. I
asked her if she knew who the man Ben
nett was supposed to be. but she would
not tell me this, but did say that Nora
used to go with 'fellow?.' Before she told
% me about the case she made me promise
I would not tell a soul, and also told me
after she finished her story not to tell my
mother. I did teil ray mother.- though."'
Mrs. Featherstone. mother of « Stella,
said to-night that she believed she had
seen. Nora Fuller here in San Rafael on
January 12. but did not think anything
about it until her daughter told her what
I Ida Jefferies had said.
'¦ .'* secutors.
.; CASPER;'. AVyo.', March 23. — Charles
Woodard,; the • self-confessed slayer of
Sheriff Ricker.. has given up, all hopi of
reprieve,*, ana \ is* preparing toymeet his
fatc-.next Fridav.. , ,
/Woodard insists that: he will. make a
statement on the gallows which will
cause a sensation. He has not made pub
lic; the nature of the statement, but/ it is
said he will, charge that his enemies
hatched . a "plot .which has been the cause
of, all his: trouble. . It is also stated he
will 'tell of " how his alleged persecutors
stole from him his homestead in the Rat
tlesnake sMountains; .that' they had him
thrown" into Jail ; to prevent him from
proying^up on his claim,' and that he was
prevented from securing ball through mis
representations/ of certain 'county offi
cial '? . _
lows and Expose His Per-
Says: He. Will Speak. From the Gal-
- Stella Featherstone said to a Call re
porter to-night: /
-.'"Yes. Ida/ Jefferies, the nursegirl who
worked for Mrs. Inman, told me that she
knew Nora Fuller well, and that if all she
knew, about" the : case was communicated
to the San Francisco police It would prob
ably cleaf up much of the mystery now
unsolved. . ¦• '^2f2$ftlS . • "¦*"
"She "told .me that she went to school
with. -Nora', Fuiler, " knew', all about her
habltsvand was her "companion for s?nie
time ."after she stopped school. ¦: She fur-
SELr r cbNFESSEI> SLAYEB
. ¦ Wllili • MAKE A STATEMENT
Nora Confided in Her.
r>AN RAFAEL, March 2S.-Ida Jef-
V^l fcries, until quite recently a young
*»*-J niirsegirl in the family of. P. C.'
Tnman. a prominent druggist of
this city,, stated to" a girl friend. : Mlw
Stella •Featherstbne.] 13 years of age.
daughter of j Mrs. E. ' Featherstone of 616
Fourth street, that if she cared to tell
what -she knew much -light \ could b3
thrown .upon the ! Nora Fuller mystery.
Miss 'Jeff erics cmphatical'.y enjoined Miss
Featherstone not to tell any one. as it
was for the reason that she. did not care
to be Implicated In the case that she left
San Francisco to come to the country.
About two weeks ago Ida Jefferies con
fided her .'secret - to Miss Featherstone.
Soon after the information was imparted
Miss Featherstone told her mother what
Ida had said. Mrs. Featherstone in turn
informed; the employer of the nursegirl.
and she; was /closely; questioned, but
gave them little satisfaction, avoiding the
subject purposely. '¦ The matter, was
dropped for the time being, but the nurse
girl; fearing, another siege'M questioning,
left, her, employer's house without warn
ing'and: has neither been seen nor heard
of since. ¦' "¦', ..•.•¦'
; PEKING^-; March ' *23.-There - is-- little
discussion' either among the diplomats or
the*- Chinese ? of .' the Franco-Russian > dec
laration. ' : ..- - ¦ ' ¦¦":¦ - . . '. Y •
... The Chinese newspapers are' emphasizing
the humilla'tio'ii^of China, ; saying i she ' • is
. treated b^.the.power3 as ; though she were
incompetent to ; defend " hisr own interests
and that; she is placed 'upon a level. with
Kore*a5;*-,"\;^v" '-';, •.'. :.:'' y'J.'? '. ". '.- . ¦'¦ V
The Chinese Foreign Office is preparing
to send indei>endent • Ministers ; to •estab
;iish legations in -Italy". "Austria arid Spain.
The Chinese; Ministers to -Great Britain,
Russla^and the United States. have been
heretofore respectively accredited to these
'nations./"- : -'. ." :. : - ¦;.-, ¦ ".',* ¦ '¦•- ¦'.'<'¦ ''
; ; The Dowager "- Empress • has .appointed.
AVua/Mu'Lui to'be . president of the Im
perial University ./ to . succeed ' Rev. " W; , A; i
P." Martin, ;who was; recently relieved of
the presidency} of that, institution." Wua
•Mu I Lul is a progressive and Mearned offl-'
.cial.V-.-'. \""Vi" ".•. . ¦',"¦•'¦ ' ".•'¦¦¦ •'»
Treated/ as Though She -Were
v .... Incompetent.
Chinese Newspapers . Say .That She Is
HUMILIATION OF CHINA '
2 . THE SUBJECT -OP COMMENT;
"Dr. Anderson stated i •'further, '"that" his
statement. to the! Theosophlsts now afflh
at.ed.with. the|_brotherhood : would be ; ready
for circulation within- a few days.:. He iri
timated thatv when . it | appeared Vthere
would '.be; something'doing"*., among' /the
stct: He 'anticipated 'that/Madame Ting
ley r might' cause I him .trouble: and ..possibly
sue himY: but, he. intended to tell the truth
W'7 matter; '' what .' the ¦ result' might { be^
Meanwhile the "local ;Theosophists are ex
pecting' developments ;'. which- wiir- : be
watched by/the; : . faithful the
length' ar.d -breadth of. the land. '.•'•-¦, ¦"•;
:* '; ; J.-,|H.;*'-Fu8seirVdeilvered "¦'!.&' lecture last
evening;-'at-.310\O'FarreU' street -on. "Llf.^
at ¦: Point ;Loma."'\ The lecturer was an
nounced as "a student and representative
of the .international headquarters -of -^the
Universal /Brotherhood, and Theosophical
Society 'at Point Ikima." - .' .1
would be^io v trouble.", but .she Is a foolish;
vningioriOTs {.woman, .whose .head.: has
been txirriedfby' adulation anS who cannot
brcoic -any- opposition: { .Her is
veryi unsatista'ctorjv to'.the Theosophlstn.
and we, have decided to qiiitl While the
main body, of 'the local-lodge :,wlll remain
faithful -td.the.brptherhoqd. T know of at
leasts a, dosen';.. who .; will '¦ resign, wlth x mc.
Mada'rne Tingley-has warned'/the Theo^o
phlsts of -"the- Pacific -Coast 'against" me;
b'uf- 1 do" not fear "anything she" can ' say
ordo."-' •..". V ' ¦: ' ,' "• . '. "*. '•¦':¦¦¦ '
WILL V CIRCULATE STATEMENT.
"One reason'.for our trouble is; that our
constitution .is foolishly 'broad'anbVcbnfers
unlimited - powers .upon _) the • 'master.*
Recognizing ' her.- autocratic powers Sunder
the constitution, she demands that -all
members bow their knees. beforVher' and
she • expects them r to worship : her. From
her decisions "there is no appeal. If. she
exercised her. i functions .--. wisely -there
"Of the' • 140 'societies , which '•¦'. amalgk;
mated , with the J • brotherhood .'.:*a v few
years ago only. 40 remain faithfuh ., Of 5600
members i which- 'the • brotherhood *. once
carried on' ¦ its .'.roll '•. less ';than :M 500 -now
remain. The* local society has' dwindled
down to, about 7^ members, and/all.be
cause M the actions of --this woman.": .-^i"?
"Madame Tlngley is a. woman^full of
Ideas and they'are ds'. visionary, 'as ; those
of Colonel Mulberry ; Seller?. /. She Is ' ad
vocating the formation, of , societies .with
hlgti-sounding/' titles ..'coniiriuaily/and neg
lects the work -of . the . brotherhood." ,. She
has a decidedly < combative temperament,
the result being that tshe has .lnvolvcd'.the
brotherhood •. IfT- useless litigation.'". Her
acts have , long since 'disgusted -the Thc
osophists and numerous have
resulted. - . ¦.. . '¦ • ' - : ' : -¦'¦ '. -.'.' ', '¦•¦" ' '.
FEW SOCIETIES BEMAIN.
as have many, others Tmlght name. We
concluded we '¦rnlghf.-na^ .well withdraw,
from the brotherhood; and form .'a, society,
of our own,. Independent: of the' national
organization. " • ,,
PRINCIPALS VI>: •'aYdISP^^
THEOSOPHISTS.' OF THE {UNITED .: STATES , AND "WHICH MAY
CAUSE A; SPLIT 'IN '.THE BROTHERHOOD. \ ' •
SEDALIA.' Mo., March 23.— Will Martin,
aged 12; was fatally shot to-day In East
Sedal'a by Edgar Allen,'. a. playmate -of
his own age. ¦ A "Jesse James" company
¦was in Seda'.ia ; last; week' and- a; number
of .young boys were reproducing the play
In ¦ a barn, j having an audience • of abqut
fifty boys. Allen was playing the -part; of
Jesso' James and Martin that of Pinker
ton detective. When the latter attempted
to capture the bandit Allen took a shot at
Martin with a 38-cattber revolver, the ball
entering Martin's head near the right ear
and passing but on the opposite side. . ¦ •¦•'.
a "Jesse James" Play and
One Is Wounded.
Young i Boys of Missouri ;' Beproducs
SHOOTS AND FATALLY v
WOUNDS HIS PLAYMAT3
V y^ 1^- VERY- indication points to the conclusion that the po-
M i lice of San Francisco arc upon the eve of important
B : : ¦:' developments in the search for' the murderer of Nora
- . • Fuller. Absolute secrecy is maintained by the de
partment, and information regarding the movements of the de
tectives employed on fhe case is guarded with every possible
. precaution ; " to prevent piiblicity. . Until recently Detective
Ilamill was engaged on the case alone, but within the last few
days Detectives Torii Gibson, Coleman and Levings have
been dctailedon the search.
; v " In the earlier stages of the mystery Captain Seymour said
that if the -Police Department had a photograph of the mur
derer he would be uricler v arrest within a week. Now he has a
chance to make good liis boast, because a photograph of the
man who committed the foul deed is in the possession of the
.department, as well as his name. Further than -this little, 'is
known by the detectives, but they cling to the theory that he is
still a resident- of San Francisco, and any day they hope to ap
prehend; hini on the streets of this city.
which has given a fresh start to the effort
to run down the criminal has been shown to Fred -W. Krone,
¦.the' restaurant man. who is the only person who can positively
identify 'the' man who lured his childish victim from her home,
and he: says that it is positively the likeness of the hunted mon-
, •iStcr.-tvHpw'it came into the possession of the police, or what
."collateral, information accompanied its delivery, cannot be
" -'learned;-. biit ''-the clew thus furnished is so satisfactory to Captain
-Seymour that he is more /hopeful now than at any time since the
/discovery of the crime; that' the murderer will be captured.
. v ; -In j general it ..is /stated, that what work; is now being done
.¦by.the pblice^is entirely oh new lines,- and the various; clews
"of the case "have v been altogether, abandoned: ~~
.'/'; One .'of the wofst difficulties with which the detectives have
had: to, contend with was to find some one who » was intimate
with Nora Fuiler and knew her habits and associates. Madge
;-;<jraK^VprbVcdTa" broken reed, and it has been conclusively
; proved that she 'knew nothing concerning the case that would
prove of value in. discovering: the murderer. Ida Jeffries, a
nursegirl,' who worked in San Rafael for a time, claims to have
been a chuni of tlie murdered child, and her story will be
closely investigated by the police in hopes that it may develop
something of the men who were known to Nora Fuller.
Execution May Stir Up Trouble.
PORT AU PRINCE. Hayti. March 23.—
Leon Gabriel, who claimed to be a citizen
of France and who was executed yester
day for having fired a shot from a revol
ver at General Cameau, Chief of Police,
¦was formerly an aide-de-camp . of ex-
President Legritime. On this fact the Hay
tlen Government based the claim that
Gabriel was a Haytlen and not a'cltlzen
of France. The French Minister here
maintains that Gabriel was a citizen of
France. He regularly registered here at
the French Legation. He left seven chil
dren. As a result of the execution of Ga
briel the French Minister has requested
that a French man-of-war be sent here
and is awaiting a reply from Paris. Quiet
prevails here.
radcrs halted in front of the City Hall
and sent in a deputation to the Burgo
xnaster of Brussels bearing a petition for
aolversal suffrage and proportionate rep
r*Sentation. The Burgomaster promised
to submit this^ petition to Parliament. '¦
There were no disorders here to-day.
As Prince Albert, a nephew of King
Lfeopcld. was leaving the theater last
night hundreds of Socialist students gath- ;
ered about him and shouted for universal !
suffrage.
Dynamite cartridges were exploded this
morning In the pcstofDce at La Louvrie,
province Halnaut, Belgium. The building
was damaged but no one was hurt.
The explosion last Friday night of dy
namite cartridges under the home of M.
Dc-rbalz, a Catholic Deputy, at Binche,
Hainaut province, by which no one was
injured, Is also attributed to the suffrage
agitation. .
bers of the Chamber of Deputies, had a.
big parade here this afternoon. The pa-
Burgomaster of Brussels Promises a
Deputation That He Will Sub
mit Matter to Parliament.
BRUSSELS, March 23.— The Liberals
and the Socialists, including many mem-
The Daily News remarks that a settlement. would be pos
sible if the Boers were treated like civilized combatants; "but
men do not surrender unconditionally just after taking one of
the enemy's generals and four of his guns."
BRUSSELS, March 24. — The Petit Bleu, referring to
tne arrival at Pretoria of Messrs. Schalk-Burger, Reitz " and
Commandants Meyer and Kreigh, said it believes . that Mr.
Schalk- Burger's move is in response to fresh British. overtures
for peace, made out of gratitude for the release of General
Methuen, and predicts that these overtures will lead to no re
sult unless Boer independence is conceded.
PRETORIA, March 23.— Acting President Schalk-
Burger, F. W. Reitz. ex-Secretary of State for the
Transvaal, and Commandants Lucas Meyer and
Kreigh. with their secretaries and attendants, arrived
here yesterday at 2:04 p. m. on a special train from Balmoral,
ibout fifty miles cast of here. They came into Balmoral undei
a flag of truce.
Upon arriving here Mr. Schalk-Burger and his party drove
immediately to Lord Kitchener's headquarters, where he had
• an interview with the British general. The Boers afterward pro>
cccded to the railroad station and entrained at '5 o'clock for
Kroonstad, whence they will go out under a safe conduct.
For a week past Mr. Schalk-Burger and his colleagues have
been stationed at Rhenostcr Kop, north of Balmoral, where they
have beer, closely pressed by British columns. Dispatch riders
entered Balmoral Friday night and notified the British of the
approach of the party. It is reported that the Boer position at
Rhenoster Kop had become almost hopeless and that Mr.
Schalk-Burger once narrowly escaped capture.
LONDON, March 24. — The news that the wandering
"Boer Government" had entered the British lines is regarded as
having but one meaning, namely, that another movement is be
ing made toward peace. The fact that the censor passed the
news of this movement is accepted as confirmation of this
opinion.
Nothing is actually known here of the intentions of Messrs.
Schalk-Burger, Reitz, Meyer and Kreigh. It is possible they
have sought permission to traverse the British lines in order to
talk with President Steyn and the Boer General Delarey.
Whatever their object, the news has been welcomed in London
as pointing to the possibility of peace.;
Some correspondence which was seized a short" time"ago~
when Mr. Steyn narrowly escaped capture proved that- he and
Mr. Schalk-Burger were anxious to conclude peace. No extrav
agant hopes, however, are being built on the outcome of the
movement of Schalk-Burger and his companions, chiefly because
it is feared that Delarey, in the flush of his recent success, will
refuse to be a party to any negotiations.
The Daily Chronicle, commenting on the absence of Botha
Trom the delegation, suggests that he is standing aside owing to
the failure of his overtures a year ago/and says that all the con
ventions then offered by Lord Kitchener to • Botha having
been annulled, it is highly probable that peace may still be ar
ranged on similar lines, but that the Boers cannot expect more
lenient terms.
Photograph of Monster Who Committed the
Crime Comes Into Possession of
the Department
Acting President of the Transvaal and Four-
Other Patriot Chiefs Hold Interview
With British Commander. M
POLICE NEARING
SOLUTION OF THE
FULLER MYSTERY
BURGHERS ENliSR
PRETORIA UNDER
FLAG OF TRUCE
BOER LEADERS VISIT KITCHENER
AND PEACE RUMORS ARE REVIVED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 114.,
SAN FRA^piSCp^'MQN^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
-flV-^fe. B. JEROME A. ANDERSON,
3 one of the leaders of the local
a & society of : Theosophlsts. has
M Mr become disgusted with. the op
"JBlL^t derations of Madame Katherlne
- . ANce Tlngley; "master" of ;the
of , which . is : locatedTa t / Poin ttTCo toa-T^vA ,
few days ago : Dr. Anderson,, resigned- his
position as president 'of [the, local branch
of the", brotherhood. The result is con
siderable gossip in theosophical circles,
and it ; is predicted that this step will
mark the disruption of the brotherhood in
the near future.
The alleged autocratic disposition shown
by Madame Tingley since she took
charge of ' the brotherhood affairs, her
belllgfrcncy and her evident, lack of
knowledge of ordinary business rules,
which, it is said, have involved the broth
erhood in considerable costly litigation,
are said to be responsible for the dissat
isfaction existing among the, cult. So
pronounced has this dislike for the "mas
ter" become that many branches of the
theosophical .societies which joined the
brotherhood at the time the organization
was formed with Madame Tingley as its
head have withdrawn therefrom. Through
the efforts of Dr. Anderson, however, the
local branch remained loyal to the chlef
tess until it becamo evident to Dr. An
derson that forbearance would no longer
be a virtue under the existing condi
tions. •;•. ''/: ¦¦¦"¦-
.TROUBLE IS DEEP-SEATED.
Dr. Anderson's explanation of the trou
ble shows that It Is deep-seated and that
the very existence of the brotherhood is
now threatened. He said last night' that
he was preparing a statement for dissem
ination' among the Theosophists of the
United States, calling attention, to the
operations of Madame Tlngley and warn
ing them that, radical action must be
taken if the extstence of the. brotherhood
Is. to be assured. He said:
"I have no desire to discuss this matter
at the present time, but I am perfectly
willing to tell why I resigned the presi
dency of the local branch. The opera
tions of .Madame Tlngley have disgusted
me. She has conducted herself in a rrian
ner .deserving of severe criticism as be-,
ing at variance with the conduct one
should naturally expect from the leader
of the Theosophlsts of the United States.
I. have lost, confidence .in : her leadership,I •" _ • Kohler . & ¦ Chase .! exchange ,' talking . machine
;r"p'—'« ntlOcieach.^ 2S0 O'Farrell sC = •
M. Coloman "D. Tiza.
BUDAPEST, March 23.— Coloman D
Tiza, ex-Hungarian Prime Minister and
leader of the Liberal party, died here to
day,-aged 72 years. . .
KNOXVILLE, -Tenn., March 23.— R. p.
Sweepson. a millionaire, died here to-day
aged 77 years. He was a Virginian and
owned, the Richmond -streetcar system
during the Civil War. ' . sysiem
R. D. Sweepson.
i . HALIFAX, N.'i S.? March": 23.— Signor
Marconi has. definitely!. decided to locate
his \ wireless station :at -Table Head, Glace
Bay, ¦ C. B. -.The ' machinery -. has been or
dered and work -'onl the \ station -.will i;h#
commenced ' -immediately. -; This ¦ station
will be constructed before the one at Cape
Cod.' ¦ '¦-.::;¦ ;• ¦"*.-".: ;- - . ;' .',-'" ¦ ':: . ¦ '-• - ¦: :
MaTconi Selects Site for Station.
Landslide Wrecks: a |
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va;.; March 23— I
Passenger train No.; 38. northbound, on
the Southern Railroad, was wrecked by.
a landslide at ¦ Covesvllle," '.fifteen' miles
south al here, at 4:15 o'clock this morning
The train was forty minutes late and run
ning at an unusual rate of speed; The en
gine was pitched and six coaches com
pletely destroyed by fire. The loss of mall
was the greatest in the history of South
ern railroading. ; Nicholas Lowen, a Pull
man car -porter, and' Mso ¦ an ' unknown
tramp were killed.
OAKLAND,: March 23.— The Antlers Gun
Club/,: composed' of > members of, Oakland
Lodge of ? Elks, -held- its second .Ishoot '¦ to
day; at; the grounds of .the} Lincoln Gun
Club, "Alameda- Point. : , The; wind was
blowing h>rd > and . made good scores dif
flcultA; One score- was made by
William Landon.who broke ten out of ten
birds.;- J. > C. Hanna >broke ; nine.- Joe
Ghirardelli broke- six several times", 'and
Jack Matthews; scored the aame.-Dr Hal-
Bey managed ¦ to bring down ¦ seven birds
makIng^the third: best 'score of the day
Landon and Hannah beating him.. ."The
best I Senator • Leavitt-could do ..was- five
birds. « Duboise ? managed - to get ¦: six. on
one shoot.- Joe Ghirardelli Jr. could- do
no better. than- flve.v> ¦..- :•.:...,.;
"There -was, one "fifteen-bird ; shoot, won
by> Duboise, . with -..ten out , of fifteen f Jef
fery;;and; Carman tied-. with; six "each
Hanna five;, and ',Landon, ; the • nlan - who'
made the ' only , r . perfect score . of ,rhe • dav
last \with but three. -v ;•-••:.. -: '
Elks at; Uie^Traps.
¦ SALT Lu\.KE, Ut;ah,'. March;23.— A spe
cial tol the.Tribune from. Spokane*,, Wash.,
says '.that -Jariies "Glendenning, formerly
Mayor of. Salt Lake and recently Federal
forest ranger in the Northwestern States
died of heart disease in that city to-night'
¦' James Glendenning.
PITTSBURG,- March 23,-Aaron French,
aged .%'Ldied at his" : home, in this city
shortly * after, 'midnight " of.: paralysis.
French was president- of thdyAmerican
Steel i-Sprinp Company 1 - and -was elected
president- of the ¦.'Steel.'- Spring - Combine,
formed in New York recently.. . .
Aaron French.
KALAMAZOO, : Mich., -March il-Seth
G.I Axtell,- professor, of- Greek in Kalama-^
zock College * for ; the 7 past, twelve, years,
died to-day,' aged '60 "years. He was pres
ident «of- r Leland University. .at New Or
leans from 1878 to . 18S2. 'and president of
Central College at -Pella, Iowa.- in 1S80
and 18S0. .-- -. - . . vy..-; ¦ - ,
Setb/G. Axteli:
- ROME," March; 23.— By a" vote "of 1136 (to
60 the Chamber of Deputies has adopted
a" bill for the ' protection of ¦ women**' and
children employed in mines and factories;
The • minimum ¦ age . when children can ; be
;thus employed is given as the end of their
• twelfth year. al so < prohibit >. women
from working- at night. MWBWfWIiiiB^i'Ti
Women May Not "Work at Night.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— Father; Jacquet,
who lost his reason through overwork in
the missionary fields of Alaska, is rapidly,
recovering andj It is believed "he I will • soon
be able to take .up his -work again.
This cheering bit "of , news to San ; . Jose
ans, ¦with whom Father'Jacquet is a great
favorite, has just- been 'received through
the Rev. J. B. . Rene, prefect apostolic , of
Alaska, who is now visiting in Los Gatos.
Father Jacquet is at the Holy -Cross Mis
sion at Kozeref sky, : on the U pper Yukon, 1
and is receiving the best of care and at
tention! ". He lelt here two years. ago;for
Alaska, af tee.. being .connected ,¦ with St..
Joseph's Church of I this rcity : for c years.
With a cent piece taken from/this city/as
a starter ' he raised ' a '• fund of/ $13,000 and
built a church in Juneau. \- As : an instance
of Father Jacquet's popularity, in Juneau,
the Rev. Father Rene says , that when . it i
became known that money was needed to
send the afflicted father to Kozerefsky the
miners raised over $600 for the purpose In
less than one hour. ..- • • v .
Hear Gkwd News Prom
. Alaska.
Friends of the Missionary Rejoice to
FATHEB- JACQTJET'S REASON
IS RAPIDLY 'BETrrRNING
McCarty was about 36 years. of '. age," a
member of the local. lodge of'Elks, and of
the ". Commercial = Travelers' t? Association.
He [ leaves a sister, r Mrs.' Hanford • of this
city, ; and mother : and brother, residing at
Latrobe. . He . remained ¦, with .- .. his ¦ . com
panions up to! 2 o'clock: this morning and
gave no . indications t of • intention to " end
his life. . . ;.¦; ¦ : -
eT&l days ' ago on? his return : from a trip
he j was .informed i that : his '« services /were
no : longer desired, f and It is believed : that
brooding /over • his . dlsrnissal," : together
with, the fact 1 that -lie had recently been
III, .led * him to suicide.' ;^Ho » was in ' a , K
street- resort 'with- several companions
last night. .; He remained > long after the
others , had . left, - and while ¦> alone . in • the
rear room and seated In* a chair, took his
life.'-' .<•-<¦"'.¦-.>;..:.'- <-;v. ; .-.-.". >. r. : : ¦': : -;
SACRAMENTO,\; ..March .23.— Daniel
McCarty, one of „. the . best " known ' com
'mcrcial travelers in » Northern California,
committed \ suicide T at an' | early j hour this
morning , by shooting -himself through the
head. .'. '•; McCarty v had ¦'¦ been v employed for
several ; years « as ",' a \ . traveling '. salesman
ior . the -'¦ wholesale I ¦ grocery : I house of
Atlams," Booth >-& Co. ,of ,this : city. ¦; Sev-
BROODS OVER ';¦
and - coioirrs f stticide
Alden Speare.
¦NEWTON, Mass,,;March 23.— News was
received here to-day of. the death ;last
night at Pasadena of Alden Speare, presi
dent of the x Alden Speare Sons* Company
of Boston.'; Speare was a director of a
number , of railroad . companies, among
them the; Mexican Central, the Atchison.
Topeka-.and Santa Fe; the Atlantic and
Pacific, the St. Louis and San Francisco
and the, Connecticut and Passumpsic. He
was for years a. delegate to the National
Board of . Trade at Washington, and re
cently declined the • presidency of that
body. , \. ...;.•-...
KANSAS { CITT, -Mo.; March- 23/-4Tlie'
work. of preparing Blue : River Park, tot
the. grand American handicap live pigeon
shoot, which Is to take place- here , from
March 31 to Apiil ; 5, : is ' practically com
pieted. ¦ Manager Elmer - Shaner says the
parkias remodeled is, not; inferior to Elk
wood . Park,-;. New - Jersey, ; and tlnterstate
Park, Long; Island.. The clubhouse will
easily' accommodate the 400 shooters ! an.i
the. grounds will ;make 2000 spectators
comfortable. . , ¦- • j o . '•;'
'Seventeen thousand, pigeons are. in- ; the
coops at the park, with 5000 inore held in
reserve. ; The,, handicap - committee will
meet 1 on -Thursday . to decide the marks
from •which 'the 400 wing shots- will shoot
This '¦¦ handicap committee ' consists o'
John M. Lilly of Indianapolis, Chris Gott
lieb and W. S/Halllwell of Kansas i-City,
Louia = Erhardt of Atchlson,:;V.Kans.,
Charles W. * Budd of Des Moines, Arthur
Cambell of Cincinnati and Tom Devine of
Memphis,, Tenn. " . r ¦¦¦' ? .;, . •
| The four, women -.who:. are expected to
compete are : Miss Annie Oakly, "Onena"-
Miss Johnson'; of Minneapolis, and Mrs
Cabanne of St. Louis. It is declared that
fifteen millionaires have '
Heady for .Big • Pigeon Shoot.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Wife Kills Brutal Husband.
WASHINGTON. Ind.. March 23.— During
a quarrel' at the supper table thls'evening"
Liberty Kempt, . a well-known , business
man, brutally, choked . his wife. The
woman managed to get a revolver and
flred five shots at her husband, one bullet
penetrating the brain. He died in a few
moments. The wife told her story to the
police. She has not yet been, arrested.
The Duke of Fife brought a cargo; of
about' 2000^ tons to Tacoma, . consisting • of •
fifty bales of raw Silk,* considerable mat-
ting, Chinese goods, etc., -and . some. tea.
Tea importers are holding off, hoping for,
the removal of the. 10 per cent duty,.and
consequently the , tea shipments from the .
Orient to this country are light. '
The second- day from Tacoma the Vic
toria encountered; a j violent gale arid
snowstorm and was obliged to~ heave to
for "several hours,' 'rolling- ' and pitching
fearfully." Miss -McKenzie, the ' steward
ess, was thrown across the saloon by the
pitching of: the ship and was -tjuite seri
ously Injured, and. a Chinese fireman was
also injured . in the same way.., Despite
the gale, however, the Victoria made good
time and crossed in fourteen days. .
TACOMA; March 23.— The Northern Pa
cific liner Duke of Fife, which arrived
from the Orient to-day, brings news of an
exciting voyage \Qt the liner Victoria.
. During, a period of four 'months there
have .been no' less -than six iflres in- the
central part of San. Rafael and- each, was
disastrous to : property ¦ owners. The . mis
creants seem to delight In destroying feed
barns. Grady &. Grady suffered the loss
of a large barn and many tons of hay in
November. The feed warehouse of J.' Mul
cahy was the next one to go. . J. Cassldy
and John % Bullis ' have* also . been heavy
losers at the hands of flrebug* since
Christmas, and- Cheda . & Co.'s -loss last
night -will, reach About $5000. Five valu
able horses, j many | tons of hay and. much
other, feed stuff was consumed.. -
• In last night's fire the torch' was applied
ln^loose hay just over the. heads of the
animals. As a result,. before the flre.was
reported the burning timbers fell in upon
the horses.-, Only one was saved: A The po
lice' of San Rafael,. in-, conjunction", -with
Sheriff Taylor, .are reported to be In pos
session of evidence tending to incriminate
certain men living in this city, v* .
SAN RAFAEL, \ March 23.— From facts
obtained to-day it is quite evident that
the disastrous fire In "this city last night
was the work of incendiaries. The'demo
lition of Cheda-& Co.'s barn has aroused
the indignation ; of the most 'influential
citizens and it . was asserted . to-day that
the City Council and Board of .Trade will
hbldspeclal nfeetlngs :in;-order to take
steps for the apprehension of the culprits.
Sceclal Dispatch to. The Call.
The child was 7 or a years old, and re
sembled Albrecht. It is now believed that
both .the child- an* the man<svippo'sed..to
have been his father, were dead; some
days. ?
On March 14 the two were seen between
Thalman and Eveiritt City, going in the
direction of Savannah. It was learned to
day that they left Thalman on the after
noon of that day, and it is supposed «that
they reached the trestle^where the bodies
were found about dark. K The- theory .' ad
vaaced is that the -boy fell from the tres
tle into the water.'fand that Altfrecht, in
attempting to saye,, him, lost Mb own life.
The bodies, however, '.were not -beneath
the trestle, buf were some - twenty-flve
feet away. A ticket was' found in- Al
brecht's pocket to-day reading from Bal
timore to Jacksonville. : It is thought. he
came as faras Savannah, and then, de
cided to^go to New Brunswick, but by,
mistake purchased a ticket to .Brunswick,
and did not discover bis< error until he
reached Thalman. ' Persons "who talked
with him there, say he appeared to be ner
vous and worried. ~ .r' * *¦ ¦">*'.. ..-.'¦'• ;
The neck was broxen, but there were no
additional bruises. The body was brought
to this city and embalmed and awaits orr
ders from New Brunswick. ¦ . , r .
BRUNSWICK, Ga., March 23.— The body
of aboy who was last seen with Richard
Albrecht, a New Brunswick, N. J. ; , hotel
man, who was found drowned in a : creek
on the Seaboard Air line near here yes
terday, was ' found to-day, by searchers
wfEKm ten feet' of the spot where A1-.
brecht'S' body .-was. discovered. ,The. body,
of the child was only partly .submerged,
as the water is only a few inches deep.
Quotations on the shares of ocean trans
port companies fell further: upon the in
crease In the capital of the Hamburg-
American Steam . Packet : Company, and
the report that the dividend of the North
German Llcyd Company will not realize
expectations.
- Industrials were weak. . The conviction
gains force that the quotations on: indus
trials have been /driven too high; hence,
notwithstanding the further price ad
vances in iron, Iron shares dropped sev
eral " points. Coal shares ¦ also • weakened
upon the announcement that many opera
tives-had been discharged in Westphalia,
thirty-flve mines having dismissed 1S7J
men. Wage reductions have also been
announced for April. The coal syndicate
has just decided to raise the restriction
on the output to 24 per cent. VThis . re
striction has hitherto been 20 per" cent.
Tne American , purchases of iron attract
Increased attention. Two cargoes of 8200
tons of splegelisen will leave soon for
Baltimore.
Bank stock failed, to respond to the
announcement of the Russian and other
loans. The Disconto Gesellchaft has an
nounced an' increase of. capital of 20,000,
000 marks, which Is offered to Btockhoid
ers at 160. 1 The market regards this price
as too high and the quotation has conse
quently dropped. The Increase : of ; 20,000.-
OvQ marks in the capital of the -Hamburg-
American Steam Packet Company. will be
offered . to stockholders at 104.
.BERLIN, March 23.— During the past
week ' the stagnation on the Boerse grew
more' pronounced. No department showed
any 'life, and transactions continued to
shrink in'volume. The professionals' at
tempted to realize, ' but >• outsiders ' were
conspicuously ¦ holding \ aloof. Domestic
loans have held their own fairly well and
some large investors have been } buying
In all the departments. -
The public seems to have shaken off its
speculative, fever entirely. Home .rails
declined- steadily in epite of very fair
traffic returns. American securities ral
lied- somewhat j toward the end of .the
yreeii In response^ to" the Improvement in,;
New York. Mines were absolutely stag
nant.
" Tiie uncertainty of the form to be taken
by the new' British loan was also a dis
turbing" factor cf the week.
"LONDON, ;March 23. — The movement of
the past week on the : Stock Exchange is
hardly worth recording. Money was
scarce and there is a prospect of its be
coming :;scarcer- with the- approaching
quarter 'day, while the Continental set
tling of securities on the London market,
presumably in view of- the new Russian
loan,' further restricted the cash supply
'and generally affected internationals/ad
versely.
A quarrel arose - over a hack bill and
y/hen (t ended; Walter 1 Parks, a .Napa
young man, was also ¦ found to have re
ceived injuries. .
'J "Tol" Godwin, the third member of the
party, and the one who attempted the
perilous role of peacemaker, was slightly
cut. Parks wag varrested on complain* of
Hageman: It is not yet known who wield
ed the knife. Parks, is now out on $500
bail. / ;• ¦¦ " . : •
NAPA, March 23.— A stabbing- affray
which occurred hers last Thursday night
Js likely to prove serious for one of the
men- involved In It. John Hayeman, for
merly of San Francisco, was severely cut
with a knife, and his condition excites
'some alarm. . - . .
at Napa Still TJn-
Recovery* of a Kan Cut in a Quarrel
WOUND FROM A . KNIFE , . -^ J
:-y> MAY RESULT. SERIOUSLY
¦¦-- v '-*>"\j «¦ ¦ ' -¦• ¦ ¦ - ; -• •
Liiner Victoria Has Ter
rific Voyage oruth6
Pacific.
Indignation.
Crimes of Miscreants in
San Rafael Stir :
Fublic Is' Rapidly
Disappearing.
Speculative Fever of the
Their Bodies Are f*ound
Submerged in Shal- ;;
low Creeks
TACOMA, March 23.— The Industries of
this State are to be Increased this' spring
by . an Angora goat ranch, j which • will be
established on Puget Sound, near Quil
cene, by a number of Portland men, In
cluding Luclen D. McArdle. McArdle
formely lived at Quilcene and still holds
extensive land Interests there. The pen
insula, embracing about . 1000 acres, be
tween Quilcene and Tarboo bays wa3
burned several years ago. and has since
been covered with an excellent growth of
mountain grass. It is Intended to bring
several hundred goats from Oregon this
spring. -.
Angora Goats for.Puget Sound.
ANGRY CITIZENS
SEEK FIREBUGS
LONDON MARKET
SHOWS DULLNESS
SEA PITCHES
MASSIVE SHIP
STRANGE DEATH
OF MAN AND BOY
• BUENA VISTA. Colo., March 23.— Mrs. |
Mofeoouse •Mallen. 7S years old, died of;
ap'oplexy.at Twin Lakes last night. Mrs. |
Mallen v&.s the most prominent of the '
hilf -dozen, women nilners of tbje State.
She always dressed "in a short 'j 'walking
sliirt, wore heavy "miner's* boots, and
worked in her numerous mines as a com
mon laborer. She has sunk many a shaft
arfd' driven- many a tunnel.' ; She could
swing pick and shovel with the best of the
men and was an expert in drilling, and
blasting. »
When she first entered the mining busi
ness in the Twin Lakes district she
¦worked her properties alcne. b'Jt as she
became more prosperous she hired men td
help her. Mrs. Mallen was born in Ger-'
many and came to America when very <
roung. In 1879 she came to Buena Vista, j
and on the crest of Free Gold Hill, east cf I
the town, at <n altitude; of 90D0 feet, she
cat timber and built herself a home.- She
was an ardent ' spiritualist and followed
the directions of her unseen advisers im
p'icitly. She found sold wherever she':
sunk a shaft, and while never enormously
rich was worth perhaps $50,000 at the tlme^
of her death. In 1SS2 she sold one of her
mines for $13.tX>0 and spent the money in
"doinie" the World's Fair in Chicago the ;
following year. She leaves- two children '
In Ohio. . - -J': ' i
Mrs. J£crah.euse Mallen, Well 'Known
Throughout Colorado, Suc
: " cumbs to Disease.
NOTED WOMAN - MINER; ' ; i?f]
¦¦¦' DIES OF APOPLEXY
•_•• "If our. policy In the British Parliament
can do ; nothing else we can expose- our
grief, we can harass the British Empire,
we.' can' stand, upon the floor of Parlia
ment and pray and call God's blessing
on the Boers- every time the English are
defeated," said Redmond. "If we can
not In. the English Parliament win home
rule, I promise you we will destroy the
Parliament of England; if we cannot gov
ern ourselves, we can-take good care not
to allow them to govern themselves." •
CHICAGO, March 23.— William Red
mond and : Joseph Devlin, Irish members
of Parliament, before an* audience of
10,000 persons 'here to-night made a stir
ring appeal for the rights of Ireland, and
spoke in praise of the Boers In their
heroic struggle against the British. At
the close of the meeting hundreds of per
sons pledged themselves tO'the support of
the cause by becoming members of the
Irish League. .
x \ Behalf of the League.
dress a Chicago Audience in
Irish. : Members , ;• of Parliament Ad •
MAKE. STARRING APPEAL
i FOR RIGHTS OF IRELAND
never. been any.' friction between New
York and Washington, but between
Washington and New York. He would
not listen to any* argument, but flatly an
nounced" his determination . that .both Mc-
Sweeney and myself must go."
I Mr. Fitchie knew nothing as to who his
successor is to be nor when the* appoint
ment Is\ to be'made.
.. -It is/ believed that the removal of
' Fitchie and McSweeney will be but the
' beginning of extensive changes in the Im
migration "Bureau. It is understood that
Representative Livingstone of Georgia
I will press his resolution looking to an in
vestigation of therecen.t scandals,' rand
¦ that a determined fight will be'made to
cause the removal of Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury Taylor. Secretary of the
Treasury Shaw is not. satisfied with, the
administration of immigration affairs and
a general shaking-up is probable. ¦ .
¦MEN OF NATIONAL : PROMI
- NENCE ... WHO 'FIGURE IN
IMMIGRATION UPHEAVAL.
r» y Ew'yORK. March 23.— Commis- "
J>V | - sioner of Immigration Fltdile, •
I who has ' returned from Wash-, .
A ' n ington, talked very freely to-day
'. "of his' call' on President Roose- .
velt. He said he "felt that his visit had ,
I done no good, and that both he and As- -
slstant' Commissioner McSweeney woul'd
have to leave their positions. He said: . .
, "I asked the PT.efidept^^gnSend gentle- "
men of his personal s"electlonfo4n. whom he
had perfect confidence, over Ellis Island
.and Ijet.them.lopk. into ' our methods and .;
see' where we could do v any^better 4 for, the.. .
'Immigrant than" we"are dpirig. "He would
not! listen^to'-.my. 'proposition, but.said that.. ?
he had decided, because -of the.frlctlon be- .'.
tween New York and Washington, that -
• the best thing to do Was : to' remove the ,
Coinmissloners at -this ¦ place.,; I .Jold him
that he was mistaken— that there, had
ELIZABETH CITY. N. C, March 23.—
The verdict that young Wilcox was guilty
of the murder of Miss Nellie: ¦ Cropsey
seems to have met popular approval,
though it was considered probable early
yesterday morning that the. jury would
so report. District Attorney Ward said
yesterday he never looked for. any .verdict
other than murder in the second degree.
Lawyer Aydlett for the defense will enter
an appeal on behalf of the prisoner. He
will seek to set aside the verdict on the
ground that it was not consistent with
the evidence brought out -In. the trial.
There is little prospect of the prisoner's
paying the death penalty on the. date set
by Judge Jones. As the Supreme Court
does not meet till next September It is
more than probable .that" it will be twelve
months before the case - is disposed of
finally.
Not Consistent With the
Evidence.
Claims That the Verdict of Guilt Ia
COUNSEL FOR WILCOX
WILL APPEAL THE CASE
Arkison .was •:-. still * unconscious -;when
brought to this city. His skull was frac
tured and surgeons stitched a severe scalp
wound. Ho was taken, still unconscious,
to his home in Oakland this afternoon.
It is believed that his Injuries will prove
fatal. Boyson was injured about the head,
but will recover. /
SANTA CLARA, March 23.— Charles Ar
kison and Andrew Boyscn, members of
the Anglo-American Bicycle Club of Oak
land, were seriously injured near Sara
toga to-day.
Twelve members of the" club had taken
a" 1 spin to Saratoga. Arkison and Boyson
riding' a tandem. While they were coast
ing down the hill "Just. 'this Bide of the
Saratoga Hotel, the head pf the. tandem
broke and the riders were hurled a dis
tance'of fifteen feet. . - « /
and One Is Not Likely
, . ' to Recover. ./ *
Two Oakland Wheelmen Are Injured
TANDEM WRECKED WHILE
COASTING DOWN A HILL
PITTSBURG, March 23.— As - he \was
walking 'out-'of a church to-day! at Wil-.
kinsburg . Louis Strayer, an ! insurance
'agent; employe*! '.by- the . Prudential Life
Insurance Company of this elty, was ar
rested' by a city detective and- PostofHce
Agent O'Brien on a ; charge of forgery and
using the mails for -fraudulent purposes.
lie confessed to having forged at least
one check and the detectives think he Is
one- of the leaders of a gang who have
literally {flooded this city and New York
with bogus checks for small amounts,
ranging from $15 to $33. Hitherto. Strayer
has been a respected citizen ofWllklna
burg. When arrested he confessed to giv
ing a forged check for $16 50 to a Wilklns
burg merchant on Saturday to pay a $4
bill, getting $12 50 in change. The officers
say the writing on' many forged checks
now in their hands bears a striking re
semblance to the one Strayer has con
fessed to signing, and a thorough investi
gation is being made.
Insurance, < Agent Is Arrested " for
. -i Forgery .-While Returning Home ,
-. ... From- Services.
WALKS OUT OF: CHURCH .' "
' ;" INTO ' : ARMS' OF OFFICERS
SAN MIGUEL.. March 23.— To-day an
other fall of rain has soaked the coun
try .hereabout, ll began raining early this
morning and . continued steadily until 4
p. m. For about ten minutes" hail fell bo
fast this afternoon that the streets were
white. For the storm about .26 of an
inch has fallen, making a -total to date
of 8.16 inches. . • ..
LOS ANGELES, March. 23. —Rain com
menced to fall here about 3 o'clock this
afternoon, and at 5 p. m. .16 of an inch
was recorded by the -Weather Bureau.
Up to 9 o'clock there has been a steady
and gentle downpour with good prospects
of a continuance through the night. Ihe
rain .was preceded by a cold wind. The
temperature" continues low \and should
the clouds clear away- there would be
danger of heavy frost.
SAN DIEGO, March 23.— It has rained at
intervals during the day. At 5 p. m. the
precipitation was nine-hundredths in the
city. It was somewhat heavier in the
country. The storm continues to-night.
BAKERSFIELD. March 23.— Following
a cold wind rain commenced to fall early
this morning and continued until 4 o'clock
this afternoon. Indications point to the
continuation of the storm to-night. - *
. ger of Frost.
Temperature. Continues. Low and In
STEADY BAINFALLS
ON SOUTHEBN FIELDS
Some Parts There Is Dan-
it was organized under the WrigbJt law,
the Central irTigatioir District, in Glenn
and Cojusa counties, has been struggling
in ther courts to decide the validity ot
its orcaiiizaton and the ccmflrmalon of
•,tne bonds issued. The bonds were voted in
, the sum of JTou.OW, of which $574,000 were
sold. About lorty miles of the main ca
nal, which is .eixty-one miles, in, length,
wfere dug, but a defense association was
formed and litigation ¦* iJ5 so persistent
mat all work ceased and ior tne lasc
. teren years no tax nas been levied on tne
cistrict. • ,
. At the first trial the directors were
given a decree sustaining tiie validity of
the district and the . issuance of bonds,
but on appeal the Supreme Court reversed
.the decision of the lower court and re
manded . the case for a new trial. For
. teven years the cause remained . without
a hearing, but a few months ago the mat
. ter came up. for trial,- and yesterday Judge
Pirkey of the Glenn County touperior
Court made and entered the following
judgment:. . . „
"This cause came on regularly to be
heard on tnis 1st day of March, 1902,
Charles L.. .Donohoe and' Frank Freeman
appearing on behalf of the petitioners, w,
M. -Cannon., appearing on .behaJf .of the
defendants. It apjjearing to . the court,
that due.and .legal notice. of this proceed
ing has been given as required by law,
and that the court has jurisdiction of the
, *upjject_ma.tt < er thereof and of the parties
thereto, arid the matter having been fu!-.
ly heard and considered by the court, and
"-findings of fa,ct'aiid conclusions of law
having been duly waived. It is hereby or
dered, adjudged .and decreed:
"First— That the" confirmation of the
proceedings for the organization of the
said Central Irrigation District be and
- the came is .hereby denied, and that all of
. the said proceedings are irregular and il
legal, £.nd that the attempted, formation
and organization of the said Centrallrrl-"
gation District was Invalid., ana 'all such;
.proceedings' are void. and , of no force or
effect. ;./ •. .', . : '. ":.'.•' ."".
"Second— That the proceedings' for the
.. organization of the said Central Irrigation
District conferred no riRhl. power! or au
thority upon the said district," and that
the .proceedings for the .issuance of all
bonds in said district that have been Is
sued, and the proceedings for the sale o'
ell bonds of salfl district that have been
sold and the sale and disposal of all bonds
of said district that have been sold or
disposed of were irregular, illegal and
void, and that all of. said bonds, whether
6old or- unsold, are" void and of -no force
br effect. " : **
"Third— That " the defendants do have
and recover their costs herein ¦ incur- ]
rci." ¦ -"¦'*••'¦ - r - - ¦"•.••" •-:. ¦..'•"'. rvj
WILLOWS, March "23.— Since 1SS7, when
>-.; ¦; \- Special Dispatch to The Call.
According to thla newspaper, 300 strik
ers went last Friday to the police sta
tion and demanded the release of the ring
leaders, who had been , arrested the pre
vious day. -- Thi3 demand was refused.
•* he strikers reassembled the following
day (Saturday), attacked the Jail and at
tempted to release the prisoners. They
fired at the soldiers who were guarding
the prison. The latter in turn flred on tho
mob. Thirty of the rioters were killed
5J»d one soldier was wounded.
LONDON", March 24.— A dispatch to tha
Morning Leader from Sofia says that
fourteen Turks and more than thirty
Bashi-Bazouks were killed In the recent
conflict between Turkish troops and Mac
edonian revolutionists at Sova.-near Kas
toria, European Turkey, during which
the Turks surrounded the village and
overcame the rebels. '-'-'^' ''"¦¦
It is reported here from Odessa, says
the Vienna correspondent of the Daily
Mail, that revolution and disorders have
broken out simultaneously at Batoum, on
the Brack Sea; at Tiflls, In Transcau
casia; and at Baku, on the Caspian Sea.
According to the reports, says the corre
spondent, the movement was apparently
preconcerted In town, and there were
collisions between the mounted troops and
the rioters. The number of casualties ia
not known. Several warehouses have been
burned at Baku. - ..,
Cabling from Vienna, the correspondent
of the Daily Telegraph says Its la offi
cially reported "that M. Sarahoflf. the
'chief- of- the Macedonian committee^
is in communication with the Ar
menian . revolutionary committee for
the . purpose of . arranging a gen
eral uprising In Macedonia. The cor
respondent also says . that the Porte has
informed -the powers that arrangements
have been made to suppress any Macedon
ian revolution. . -V- •,
. A dispatch to the Standard from Athena
says that in a recent- fatal riot at Philates,
in Eplrus, between Atehnlans and Turks,
the latter endeavored to rescue a noted
criminal from the criminal prison. Tha
disturbances .were. followed by a fight. In
which eight gendarmes were killed. Tha
troops" arre&ted fifty -Albanians.
TIFT1S, Transcaucasia, Russia. March
23.—The official Caucasus Gazette reports
a strike among the men engaged at tha
Rothschilds Petroleum Works at Batoum,
on the Black Sea.
Settlement *cf a Famous Old Wrightr
i ¦; ; Law Case Comes After a Num
ber of Years of Weari-
Kiotous Strikers, in Transcaucasia
.Are. Repulsed With : Loss in,
Attack on Jail • to Ee
:. lease Prisoners.
-More Than; 1 -Forty : Soldiers
'Are Slainiin Fight With
Macedonian Rebels.
Miss Berri had . her I pet .bulldoe, Pete
Daily in one arm and a huge bunch "of
; American Beauty roses in the. other.. Her
stage tinsel and tight* were not hidden
the folds of. her flying* opera cloak. The
'maid had a petticoat over her arm, a pic
ture hat. in one hand and carried a hand
basket containing lingerie and a pair of
shapely shoes. Attendants of the theater
raced along .with two suit casea:
. The Incongruous appearance of the
counterfeit Princess, hugcing a bulldog
and roses flitting through the waiting
room and tralnshed and followed by a
procession of petticoats and luggage,
caused a stir at the~statlon. It is prob
able that the prima donna never com
manded closer attention from an audience
than greeted her. appearance there. Her
: entrance to' the Pullman brought another
'flutter of. Interest. The train moved away
•Just as her party boarded it.
CHICAGO, March 23.r-Wea.ring crimson
tights ( that -flashed out ' froin^-an opera
Cloak flapping • behind, a., buffilog clasped
beneath ; 'hefrarm and, her- hands' filled with
a' "great bunch of roses Destowed . by ad
'mireVs, Maude Lillian Berri, comic opera
priniavdonna, fled thfough'.the streets of
last . night to/ catch a train
ior.Chicago. Be'rri was successful.'.
• .Whea the curtain was rung down on the
final , scene In i?The Princess" Chic," in
iwhich Mlss^JSerrl.vwa^ appearing in the
leading . part j."at ; : a ' Minneapolis playhouse,
jit lacked only eight minutes of train time..
'The station was three blocks away. Miss
Berri's maid ; 'had ; her street costume
'ready, but there -was no time to don . it
•rior.ito .eease-.tne make-up . of trie fair
'Princess. Y^.V-v ....-' . •
Special Dispatch. to The Call
r Central District- Proceedings
'''[] Are "Declared to Be
Illegal.
Miss Grantly.. who. is famous as having
received the award of English artists as
the most beautiful woman in the worlds
after, the Greek type, • has not yet re
covered from the accident.- " ¦
In the third act. showing the taming
school. Hanford as Petruchio employs
himself most vigorously In belaying his
retinue of servants with a long whip
which. he carries. While .. lashing right
and left he struck his oeautiful leading
woman square ill the face. She reeled
and almost fell, but managed to keep her
feet until , the. curtain fell to- close the
scene.
Then she swooned away -and there was
a lively time on the stage until she was.
finally brought 'back to her senses.
SPOKANE. Wash.. March 23.— Actor
Charles- Hanford carried out his shrew
taming methods too vigorously at his
presentation of "The Taming of the
Shrew." As a result Helen, Grantly, his
leading woman, while playing the part of
Kathrina, fainted under the blows from
the lash which she received from him.
¦ ': Special Dispatch to The^Call. s
ia the Face From a
' — r tj-
Helen Gran tly Receives Blow
Lash.
Maude Lillian Berri Success
ful in Sprint. for a
. Pullman Oar.
Preconcerted Outbreaks
Occur in a. Number
of .Towns.
Important Decision Een^
dered by a Glennf, v.
County Judge/. : ,
Prima Donna Startles
Sober Residents of
.Minneapolis.
Actor's "Mistake Causes
Leading' Lady to
Faint. , .- '
President Roosevelt Inform^Commissioner Fitchie That He and Assistant
.^Commissioner McSween^
r Men in-Higher Stations Will Be Asked to Quit^t^
IRRIGATION
BONDS HELD
TO BE VOID
BLOOD FLOWS
IN LANDS OF
THE SULTAN
TAMES SHREW
TOO SEVERELY
RAGES IN TIGHTS
TO CATCH TRAIN
NEW YORK IMMIGRATI0N SCANDALS
MAY CAUSE MANY HEADS TO DROP
THE SAN
Magic. "
The war Ealva-cea cures Files. :
" JOHN J. FTTLTOli CO.
A VALLEJO
MIRACLE.
Brialit J s Disease and Dia^
letes ArB.'PosltlYBlB
CuraMe.
; I J. CARET *IS WELX. KNOWN IX VAI^l
"* lcjo. Threp, months ago he was sent homs
from one of this city's largest hostltals as in-
curt bly ill with Diabetes, the - physicians in
charge tellins him he could not recover. HI3
sister thereupon came down to this city to In-
vestigate the Fulton treatment, -with the result
that she took back with her the Diabetic Com-
pound and put him on "It. Having exhausted
I the hospltars effort* before considerips tho
I Fultcn Compounds, he was In such an ex-
treme condition we feared to give " her too
much hope, simply saying it was still possible
for htm to- recover; notwithstanding: t^e apar-
ently hopeless outlook. As further supplies of
tha-Compound were procured up there, we lost
tfacS of the , case. On Tuesday of last week
(March 11) Carey himself walked ' into our
office and told us he was the man who" could
not recover. Said he: "My thirst is all gone,
the parched throat troubles me no longer, the
palpitation has disappeared. I am sleeping like
& boy, and am up and around again 33 usual'
and getting better ¦ a,nd stronger every day. I
now believe you can cure Diabetes, and 'you
have my permission to use my. name any-
where." .(Note— This is the second Incurable
case. from this same' hospital we have taken
within three months and put on the road to
recovery, the other being a case of; Brlght's
Disease. .. •.. ;
.Medical works 'agree that Brlght's Disease
anS Diabetes are Incurable, but 87 per cent
are positively recovering under the : Fulton
Compounds. (Common forms of kidney com-
plaint offer but short resistance.) Price. $l,for
the Bright' a Disease and $1.50 for the Diabetic l
Compound. John J." Fulton Co.. 420 Montgom-
ery street, San Francisco, vole compounders.
Free testa made for" patients. Descriptive
BamnWet mailed fre«.
ADVEBTISEHiafTS.
Spring Humors
Cause many troubles — pimples, boils
and other eruptions,-, besides: loss, '.of
appetite, that' tired feeling, fits ,cf
biliousness, indigestion and headache.
. The way to get rid. qf them and to
build up the system -that has -suffered
from theifi^ is to .take &/£ . : / ¦
Hood's^ Sarsdpaftlta,
and Pills ;"
forming in combination, the Spring
Medicine pir txcell/nc/, unequaled
fo r purifjing the blood, as shown by
radical and permanent .cures of v« -
Scrofula t Salt Rheum
Scald Head » Boils, Pimples
All Kinds of Humor. Psoriasis «
Blood Polsonng Rheumatism
Catarrh Dyspepsia, Etc
Testtmonials of remarkable cures mailed 'en
request. C. I. HOOD CO.; Lowell, Mass. . .
3 (j P K7t rag wtfl W5n 0% a nxJfcvi
• n* If Pi K<9 tsvBS In BSiS IS ¦ fSSSi
sSi va S3 atag em "™KB «^ vSS
gy th g I SS Sn ESS JB yp«C>j IS
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO years as 'a
Pain Ktm*cly. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore- Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia,* Kheumatisrn^ . Neuralgia
Headache, Toothache and all pain. ¦ Internally
t<aa Malar'.e end all Bo-rtl Pains. All drusgiiuPresident Dupas' Administration of Hospital Is Indorsed Despite Ai
Efforts of Faction Led b^ Two Ex-Presidents, and Wordy Encounte
Takes Place Between P. A. Bergerot, the Attorney, and Arthur Legalle
EXCITING SCENES ARE WITNESSED
AT MEETING OF FRENCH SOCIETY
President Dupas Busy.
President J. M. Dupas was a busy man
during the annaul meeting of the
members. A gathering of the mem-
The administration of the hospital as
conducted by the society was fully in
dorsed, though attempts were made by
the Legallet-Chartrey faction to hint at
wrongdoing. Dr. J. E. Artlgues was re
elected by an overwhelming vote as con
sulting physician, while Drs. E. R.
Berges and F. R. Orella were chosen as
city physicians, the later being re-elected.
The Legallet-Chartrey cohorts were de
feated completely, and the reform admin
istration is" likely to hold office for an in
definite period.
*.ie new directors are J. M. Dupas, J.
Bayle, P. Bellegarde, J. A. Bergerot, P.
Berges, J. Bergez, O. Bozio, J. S. Godeau,
J. B. Lacaze, T. Lacoste, E. Messager,
J. B. Pon, G. Pouchon and E. Thlele.
The result of the annual meeting and
the election of officers was a complete in
dorsement of the administration of Presi
dent J. M. Dupas and his ooard and a
defeat of staggering proportions for the
faction headed by ex-Presidents^ A. Le
gallet and Raoul Chartrey.
I>e*>plte every endeavor made by the
Legallet-Chartrey faction to prevent an
election, the voting was proceeded with.
President Dupas and ten of the directors
who ran for re-election will serve for an
other year, and three new directors on
their ticket also were carried to victory.
Legrallet is a chevalier of the French
Legion of Honor and is very proud of
that facL When Bergerot addressed him
by his title and then objected to Legal
let being placed on a certain committee,
the ire of the red-ribboned Gaul was at
the boiling point.
"Why are you constantly digging at
me," cried Legallet. "I have a mind to
•lap your face."
Bergerot was equal to the occasion. In
tones that have thrilled many audiences
the attorney said: "Ah! ah! a man who
threatens to slap my face does not turn
his back to me as you do. You are too
much of a coward to slapvmy face, and
if you did, why, I would spit in your
face." ' .
The two men were sitting close to one
another and friends intervened to prevent
a mixup but word ' went around the
French colony last night that a duel can
only wipe out the deadly, insult.
Administration Indorsed.
Ex-President A. Legallet and Attorney
P. A. Bergerot during the discussion of a
resolution became Involved in a heated
quarrel. •~ 7 '
THE annual meeting of the mem
bers of the French Benevolent
Society and "the election of of
ficers was "held yesterday after
noon In Native Sons' Hall on Ma
son street.
-I Scrlblets— I > am . going; to make 'my , boy
a model . of politeness. .Wickers— Going to
let ; him read , Chesterfield? "" Scrlblets— No;
OAKLAND.l March > 23.— The .Southern
Pacific" Company . is > arranging., to '.' install
electric " lighting .; In the .West Oakland
shops as a ; substitute •. for - kerosene lamps/
Electricity Supplants Coal Oil.
ATCHISON,: Kans... March 23.— Mrs.
.¦William Baldwin, whose 'husband y was
convicted here, sixteen years • ago . for the
murder of his sister," killed herself to-day
in the room where Baldwin's "sister was
murdered, c The Baldwin trial was : a
famous one. • It was contested -a~ long
time, "being carried to the United States
Supreme Court.
Wife, of Murderer Commits Suicided
- ./r--. ~ •-• — —
Wants i a -Carnegie Library.
SAN L.EANDRO , ? March 23.— The Board
of ; Trade ; proposes , to .¦ ask 'Andrew- Carne
gie for money with , which to build a pub
lic : library. * The matter will be . discussed
at the board's meeting Monday, evening.
. ALAMEDA, i March : 23.— Bids for the
construction : of the new Carnegie ; build
ing for the Free"; Public Library, the p:an3
for which . have already: been- accepted,
will be .received by the Board of Library
Trustees - on April 7. The ' building is ' to
cost $30,000 , and i will , be erected on the lot
atUhe southwest i corner of Santa Clara
avenue : and Oak street; K " .. ¦ . .
Bids for. New Library Building.
One . of the most brilliant ! masquerades
this season was given last night at Union
Square Hall, 421 Post street. It 4 was the
eighth annual "original Purim prize
masque ball, in celebration of the Jewish
festival, "Purlm." under the ¦ auspices ' of
the San Francisco Hebrew Social Club. •.
The hall was prettily decorated and the
costumes were many, and .varied. The
merrymakers unmasked at 11 p.: m. Danc
ing continued until 2 a. m. The officers of
the club are S. Shaben, president; MM'
Davis, vice president; P." Goldstein, treas
urer. Those in charge of the affair were
H. Goldman, S. Shaben, J. Label P
Goldstein, Harry Simon, I. Goldstein, Jo
seph 'Brackman, j Joseph Coleman, A.
Lewis, Henry Nathan, J. Label, Henry
Green, I. Brilliant, M. Relnheimer and M
Sllvelster. • • .,-;¦..- .. ,-
Square Hall.
Ball Takes Place at Union-
Annual Original Puiim Prize Masqui
HEBREW SOCLAX, CXTJB "
GIVES BSrLLi ANT DANCE
Enrico . Cogglola ,, and .William Oleo had
a dispute s about 11 o'clock , last night at
the ¦ corner i of . Green and Dupont streets
over a trifling money matter. Cogglola
flred three * shots at Oleo, one of f which
took effect ; in Oleo's left shoulder.- Officer
Bakullch sbots and found Oleo
sitting In a saloon' at CV? Green street. | Hft
was removed to the Harbor Hospital and
,the bullet : was removed by>Dr. Miller.
Coggiola, who Is an employe of Gray
Bros, and; lives 'at 521. Green street; man-'
aged Jfo escape. Oleo is a miner and lives
at . tire Roma Hotel, 818 Sansome ; street. .
Coggiola - Shoots Oleo.
The W. W. Shanon Club, the purpose of
which is : to urge the candidacy of W. W.
Shannon for the office of State Printer,
was organized yesterday at a meeting of
members of the Typographical Union of
this city. The following officers were
elected: President, James^ P. -Olwell;
first vice president, John J. Neeley ; sec
ond vice' president, John W. Thornley;
secretary,. J. /D. McCarthy. Short ad
dresses were delivered by i James P. | Ol
well, J. J. Kennedy, J. . P. x Dockery,
Captain Benjamin «Hanlon, Robert Morse,
Thomas W. Doyle, T. C. Commy, Mr.
Theobold, John Ahearn, E. S. Knight and
e'x-Assemblyman' L;<*A. Henry.- The club
starts with a membership of 200. r
v W. W. Shannon Club' Formed.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.— Arthur
Anderson, who with Roach Is to, do the
backstop work of, the. Los Angeles club
during the coming season, arrived to-day.
He is the man whose identity has been so
carefully covered up by Manager Money
until his' arrival In this. city. Anderson
caught for. the Bristol, Conn., team last
year. . ¦'¦': ' . '^ . - ' "'
Will Catch, for JJos Angeles.
COLUMBIA.; Mo.. March 23.— The dis
cipline committee of the Missouri State
University Is investigating the student
riot that took place on Friday night, when
the police made a number of arrests, and
will probably recommend the expulsion
of the leaders, suspension of other partic
ipants and reprimand for the minor of
fenders Besides burning Dr. -Jesses
woodpile, hooting several professors and
personally assaulting one, the students
smashed a window in the j ladies', parlor.
The faculty Is not inclined to, look leni
ently upon the. disturbance. V;<.
Investigation and Will Recom
mend Several Expulsions.
Discipline Committee Is Making an
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS
TAKE PART IN A RIOT
bers of the society without fierce
debate taking place . . would be un
usual, and the meeting yesterday
was a "hot one" in every respect.
Nearly one thousand members were pres
ent, and at times dozens of speakers were'
trying Ho make themselves heard at the
eame moment, while' President Dupas
rang ! his handbell to quiet the din of
voices. . -
One faction, headed by ex-Presidents
Legallet and Chartrey, tried to postpone
the election of officers, but met with sig
nal defeat. The opposition ticket put up
against the re-election of President Dupas
and ten of his associates did not mate
rialize. Most of the candidates on the op
position declined to run. and but three of
them were left on the official ballot. Two
days ago the three candidates were with
drawn from the contest, and this left
only fourteen names on the ballot. As
fifteen directors had to be elected the Le
grallet-Chartrey faction claimed that no
election could be held.
There was a lively debate over the sub
ject, and Chartrey was the recipient of
yells and groans when he insisted on
speaking after all debate had been closed.
The members voted to go ahead with the
election.
The question of the nurses' training
school was once again brought up. and
Bosquet, who was superintendent of the
French Hospital under Chartrey's presi
dency, wanted the school abolished and
sisters of a religious order installed in
their places. This also met with defeat
after heated argument. .
Parliamentary rules were not. always
adhered i to and personalities were often
Indulged in, the lie direct often being
passed. Considerable time was taken in
the consideration of twenty-two resolu
tions reported by a committee to .which
they had been referred. \
Committees Appointed.
A committee was appointed to investi
gate the financial administration of the
hospital for the last two .years. Another
committee was instructed to investigate
charges that J. S. Godeau, a director, had
been guilty of using his position for hl3
personal advantage in dealing with the
hospital. . . <
The members adopted resolutions to
have the books of the society experted
annually; to have the hospital property
valued each year by a special committee;
to instruct the physicians to attend pa
tients in any portion of the city and
county; for the annual election to take
.Executive— Mrs. Max Cohen, president- Mrs
M. 8., Levy, vice president: Mrs.. J. Gollober'
treasurer; Mrs. S. Meyer, financial secretary'-
Miss Bertha Cohen, recording secretary. !
Reception — Mrs. Alfred Cohen. Miss Charlotte
Morris, Miss Elsie Franklin Miss Fannie Co
hen. Miss Essie Henry, Miss Ray Feder Miss
Jorle B. Cohen. • . '
Overture, ¦ Prof essor Merzbach's Orchestra*
vocal solo. "Love Song," Miss Maud Gctz:
monologru*, "I and My Father-In-Law." Lucy
ElRtner Doyle: piano solo. "Fantasia Hure
notR," Gretrhen Slchlan; sextet from "Flor
odora" (under the supervision 1 of . Miss Fannie
Cohen). Gertrude Goldstein,' Annie Gollober
Hilda Cohen. Flossie Ebers, Irene Koenlgsteln
Helen Crown. Charlotte Crown. Fannie Roth!
Laurie Goldsmith. Leo Rabinowltz, Merton
Pinto, Leo Friedman, Sol Lesser. Sanford Rog
er*; Arthur Roth. Sam Ambers; violin . solo
"Berceuse," Miss Adele Wellsch. accompanied
by MIrs Ida Wellsch; vocal solo "Carmen"
(Rabinowltz); balcony scene from "Romeo an3
Juliet" — Romeo, Lavlnla,Park*r; Juliet 'Hilda
Cohen (pupils of Lucy Esther Doyle).
The following committees had the affair
in' charge: _ . -
The Ladies' Endeavor Society of the
Geary-street Temple gave an entertain
ment and dance last night in -Franklin
Hall in celebration of Pu rim night. The
entertainment consisted of several clever
vaudeville numbers, chief among which
was the sextet from "Floradora" by six
teen young misses and boys. Dancing
concluded an enjoyable evening:, under the
floor management of Percy Goldstone.
The following was the programme:
Temple Presents , Some Clever
Vaudeville Numbers.
Endeavor Society of Geary-Street
The balloting for directors and physi
cians commenced at 5:15 p. m., with the
results as stated.
JEWISH GIVE
PURITC ENTERTAINMENT
E. Amedee, A. Nouguie and L. Pauchon
were the three candidates whose names
appeared -on the ballot but who decided
not to run for office. Dr. J. E. Artigued
was a candidate for re-election as house
surgeon, and for two vacancies as assist
ant physicians the candidates were Drs.
E. R. Berges, F. Bonino, J. G. Burque,'
G. M. Converse, C. Moore, F. R. Orella,
T. A. Rottanzl and F. Voisard.
Messrs. Lemaine, Jullien. Coudeu and
Goustiaux did not seek re-election. The
new candidates for election were P. Bel
legarde. J. Bergez and J. B. Pon. The
three new members were affiliated with
the retiring members of the board who
Bought re-election.
place one week after the annual business
meeting; for the qualification of - voter3
at the election to be a six months' mem
bership in the society and" more than 21
.years of age;, for no .change in^the by
laws except by: a three-fourths vote ,of
"the directors, after proposed changes had
been passed' at- the annual meeting of
members, and for the admission of Asi
atics to the hospital in certain cases. .
,The members of the retiring board who
sought re-election were: J. Bayle, J. A.
Bergtrot. P. Berges, O. Bozlo, J. M. Du
pas." J. S. Godeau, J. B. Lacaze, T. La
coste, E. Messager, G. Pouchon and E.
Thlele. •
BUTTE, \ March ' 23. — News was re
ceived here to-day- of -'the ] death
of Richard Rock. . an - old-time and
widely known ' scout ' and frontiersman,
at his ranch near Henrys Lake on
Saturday. Rock was gored to. death . by
a buffalo which he had raised; Rock was
one of the scouts with the ill-fated Cus
ter expedition, and was said to be the
man who gave Custer. information of the
presence of the Indians under Sitting Bull
in the valley where that crafty chieftain
had. encamped. Rock advised the general
to wait for the coming of Reno before at
tacking. I . ' • ' • -'¦¦¦
A year or so ago Rock was sent by the
Government into Yellowstone Park ,to
count the buffalo remaining there.
General. Cueter, Is Killed
on His Ranch.
Richard Bock, Who Served With.
BUFFALO LGORES NOTED
• FRONTIERSMAN TO'DEATTH"
SAN JOSE. March 23.— The visiting
"Woodmen of the World from .San Fran
cisco, Oakland and Alameda vho attend'
ed last night's big Initiation spent the day
here in sightseeing. They all left for
home on the evening train.. The Initia
tion was an all-night affair. Two hundred
and fifty-two ! candidates were , made
Woodmen, -fifty-one of those who were
elected deciding to watt a week. - j The se
cret work was not completed. Until 3:38
o'clock this morning, and the next hour
was spent In a banquet. >
'Woodmen Complete the Initiation.
OCCURRENCES AT FRENCH BEN
EVOLENT SOCIETY'S MEETING
AND LEADING SPEAKERS.
i HENDERSON, Ky., March 23.— Al fatal
shooting occurred at Corydock, this coun
ty, to-day, in which G. ,W. Pritchett was
killed and John Below, a farmer, fatally
wounded. Bad blood existed between the
two men over business, and when they
met on the streets to-day Pritchett. shut
Below and Below shot Pritchett. With a
bullet through his heart, Pritchett fired
the third shot at Below, but missed.
Pritchett then fell and expired. Pritchett
was one of the wealthiest men of the sec*
tion. He was an extensive tobacconist.
The Coroner's verdict exonerated Below.
Hilled and the Other Badly
Wounded.
One of the Combatants Is Instantly
BTJSIUESS QTJABBEL - >» :
. - ENT>S IN /SHOOTING
Special Dispatch to The Calli I
- WASHINGTON, A March }¦ 23.-If the
House doesn't pass the ship subsidy bill
the rivers and harbors bill, carrying ap
propriations aggregating more than $60,
000,000, will be ; defeated In the Senate.
This is the ultimatum of the promoters
of the ship subsidy bill. 1 .
'Senator Frye is chairman of the Senate
Committee on Commerce, of . which Sen
ator'Hanna is : a v member. Their com
bined . influence, assisted by the efforts
of _ other- Senators who are in
sympathy with the ship subsidy bill,
would be sufficient to Insure the death of
the rivers and harbors bill. Hanna is be
lieved to have been responsible for the
defeat of the rivers and harbors bill in
the* closing hours of the last session of
the Fifty-sixth Congress. It has always
been accepted as a fact that he was the
Instigator of the : filibuster conducted by
Senator Carter of Montana.
Frye- declined to have anything to do
with that bill. He would not preside over
the sessions of the Committee on Com
merce while it was being considered and
refused to take charge of it on the floor
of the Seriate.: . •• • - ¦
An organized fight on the rivers and
harbors • bill in the : Senate • would cause
consternation in both sides of the House,
for the pork barrel has been at low tido
for many years. ., Republicans and Demo
crats have struggled manfully and with
out partisan stress- to create a "whopper"
of a .bill ¦- that would satisfy everybody
who has anything approaching a navi
gable stream in his district. They have
felt sure the bill .would pass the Senate
this year, practically without friction and
that the rewards so long delayed would
be finally distributed. \
j The measure is now before \the House
and. will undoubtedly pass that body.. It
will not be defeated in the Senate without
a vlgiorous, -long-drawn-out .fight,, for
there are Senators who areas much in
terested in .its provisions as are the Rep
resentatives. It was currently reported
in Washington last winter and believed
by many persons that the Southern Sen
ators relinquished their opposition to the
so-called Platt amendments and permitted
their adoption in order to get the rivers
and harbors bill before the Senate. These
were angry because the bill was finally
¦defeated?^ ''¦•"•'>•'' ;*<•'« "'-'¦¦
General Hennequin Commits Suicide.
. ,"- BRUSSELS,' March 23.-fGeneral Henne-"
quln, the] director, of the Military Carto
graphical Society, has. committed suicide
by shooting himself with a rifle. *
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON. March 23.
It developed to-day that railroad
interests are seeking to have
passed a bill which will, not only
permit pooling, under restrictions by the
Interstate Commerce Commission,, but
which would permit a union of interests
bo satisfactory to the operators of great
railroads as to. render unnecessary such
a merger as that brought . about by the
Northern Securities Company. It is stated
that if this bill be passed It .will make no
difference whatever to the Great North
ern, and the Northern Pacific interests,
whether Attorney General Knox's Injunc
tion proceedings begun in Minnesota are
decided adversely to the railroads or not.
The big railroad men of the country
have been trying to have ' the President
use his efforts to have the bill passed by
Congress. To obtain his interposition
many visits were paid .to the 'White
House. His visitors pointed out to . the
President that the present interstate com
merce law had been really outgrown by
the country during i the business and in
dustrial evolution, of the last four years.
They held that the enforcement of the
law. against the railroads would In no
sense benefit the shipper nor the country
at large, but would cause business and
financial uncertainty, and might precipi
tate a panic.
President's Characteristic Rebuke.
It is related that during one of these
interviews the president of a Western and
Southern railroad, the stock of which a
few years ' ago was selling at 25 and Is
now at par and a half, was very insistent
in describing/ the iniquitous features of
the interstate law. The President told
him that he would be very glad to meet
the railroad men of the country, with rep
resentatives of the shippers, and perfect
a law upon which all could agree and
which would safeguard every interest and
do injustice to none. He would use his
influence to pass such a law.
The railroad men rejected the proposi
tion, declaring . that the railroad men
wanted no . law at all, or . a law that
should be a dead letter, claiming that the
railroads under their present conservative
management could be absolutely trusted
to oppress no one. -
The President's reply was characteris
tic, . He is reported to have^told the rail
road president that st»eh men as he were
almost entirely responsible for the spread
of the socialistic sentiment in this coun
try.
That ended -the Interview, but there
hSve been others. These were first held
for the purpose *>t asking the President
to keep his hands off the merger effected
by the . Northern Securities Company.
When these efforts failed financial inter
ests from, one end-, of the -country to the
other started a campaign for the purpose
of showing to the President that his pol
icy, if persisted in, would cut him off ab
solutely, from the support of all the vest
ed business interests. -
Threats From Wall Street.
It has been published that J. Plerpont
Morgan has declared himself hostile to
the nomination of Mr. Roosevelt for the
Presidency. Railroad men, stock brokers,
heavy investors In railroad securities al
most without exception took the attitude
that- if Mr. Roosevelt did not change his
policy he would find himself absolutely
witbout-buslnes's support and without any
campaign fund in 1904 should he-be nom
inated. Undoubtedly some influential men
have fully decided to oppose Mr. Roose
velt for nomination and for election:
. These : threats reach the President In
some form almost every hour of the day.
Manifestly -the immediate object In view
is to influence, the Interstate Commerce
Commission in Its injunction proceedings
against the railroads.' ... ;.
MANILA, March 23.— Brigadier GeSerad
George W. Davis, stationed at- Zam
boanga, Island of Mindanao, reports that
a detachment of the signal corps, consist-
Ing of seventeen men, was attacked by
200 Moros near Paran, Mindanao. One
man of the signal corps was killed. The
Moros captured the transportation, of the*
detachment. Including four pack. mules.
The United States transport Buford has
arrived here. She has on board a detach
ment of the Twenty-seventh Infantry, a
squadron of the Eleventh Cavalry and
flity pack mules. - . . . •-.
There have been four • more ' cases of
cholera here and two deaths from the
plague are reported. The health authori
ties believe that their rigid precautions
have averted an epidemic. , As General
Chaffee did not want the men In the
Third Infantry to run the risk. of cholera
as a result of contact with the city, that
regiment has already . been taken aboard
the United States transport Grant, which
will sail for San Francisco . one week
ahead of hef^cheduled time.: Five -cases
of cholera have been reported *. from the
provinces.
Threaten, to - Vote Against
All Rivers and Harbors
\ Appropriations.
At this conference General Wood reit
erated again and again, just as he has
done in the. past, the necessity of grant
ing larger tariff concessions to Cuba. than
are contained in the bill now pending in
the Ways and Means Committee.
Postmaster General -Payne was present
at the conference in order -that he. might
become informed of all details of the situ
ation in Cuba,- ,It' was 'his 'first .meeting
with General Wood, -who gave Mr. Payne
important information In. regard to af
fairs on .the island, both social and po
litical.
An informal conference was held at the
White House to-night between the Presi
dent, Secretary Root, Postmaster General
Payne and General Leonard Wood. Cuban
affairs. were very largely, discussed, and
the meeting was only a continuation of
previous conferences on this question.
The establishment of an independent gov
ernment and the "plans to be adopted
therefor were « again talked over, but no
decision was reached.. - .
"^ The President, it is said; is -anxious,
above all things, ' to effect a union : of, in
terests between the Secretary, of War and
the lieutenant general . of ; the, army. - He
does not think that this can ever, be done
with General Miles in this po
sition, and he feels that. the<£ace should
be -filled by an army officer of -.ability,'
tact and long experience ;who , will work
in harmony with the; administration.
Who this man will be no one is yet able
to tell, but that there- will be a change in
the ottice in a very short time now seems
almost certain.- ••• . .
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,^
W., - WASHINGTON, March, 23.— Instead
of waiting for some time to avoid the ap
pearnce of making a- martyr of General
Nelson A. Miles ' it is said . by friends in
•close touch with, the administration the
President will | retire j the lieutenant J gen
eral from his position at the head of the
army within two weeks. It,' is further
said that this action" w.ll be the result, not
of any offense committed, not on account
of . his criticism of. the". War j Department
before, the Senate .committee, , but /on '. ac
count of a combination of many acts on
the part of General Miles which have led
to general demoralization in army circles,
resulting in lack of harmony.'' " •
. -Special .Dispatch, to The. Call.
Transport Buford Arrives at
Manila With Men of the
Twenty-Seventh. 1
Chief Executive Seeks : to \ Place at
of -the. Military 'a Leader
. fV: in Harmony With; the
War. Department. -
Transportation.
Capture Detachment's
Kill One American and
Senators to Retaliate if
Shipping Measure
Be Defeated
Demoralization of Army Serv
ice Given a3 Cause of
. Removal.
ONE BILL'S FATE
DOOMS ANOTHER
President Will Retire the
General Without -
- -. Delay. f
MOROS ATTACK
SIGNAL CORPS
Proposed Merger Be Reversed the Moneyed Interests of the Country
Will Use Their Combined Power to Prevent His Re-election in, 1904
Head of the Nation Receives Daily Warnings That Unless His Attitude Against
MILES MAY
GO WITHIM
TWO WEEKS
RAILROAD KINGS SEEK BY THREATS
TO ALTER THE PRESIDENT'S COURSE
3
©«to»«e«©@©ooo©©oooe®®©o0©»o«©o9©09eo9o«oo»93eoo©o©o©ooe»©©o©oooooi
• . ¦. f .'-/? ¦ ', ¦ . , . • . /" .-¦ s*. t 1 .y.. ...-¦¦:• >y. . . -.: '*...'
I TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY.
• Every person contracting to take the "CALL" for six (6) months can secure a
! $15.00 Set of
! "OUR\ ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE''
§ Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15.
8 An invaluable addition to every HbPapyZ
8 ;; An ornament to any drawing pobni! x
8 A source of instruction and entertainment f>r old and young,
8 yielding the delights of travel w itho.it its inconveniences. '
j THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER.
* Our lolonHo qhH Thoir Donnlo^
I UUI gbldilUb dllll Hldll rBDpiB
I AS SEEN WITH CAMERA^ A^D PENCIL.
'8" INTRODUCED BY
• MAJGR=QEISfERAL JOSEPH WHEELER.
•¦'¦¦" ; :: ; Vv ; "\ UNITED STATES ARM Y, - ' ¦-:
• " ' With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by
8: JOBB-DE.OLIV^IIES,
q . . , : . The Noted Author and War Correspondent. Hm
• Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," arid other West Indian
O ¦'":'¦¦ ¦ . .;. /¦-¦.¦ ; ' -"¦ -.- •_ • " - * ' ' - ¦ -..:S-'': '' )'¦'.- •..•..-!¦_,.;.•-
8 ? EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND- DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF ¦ THE
0 PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN; INCLUDING HAWAII
© ANDiTHE PHILIPPINES; ALSO .THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC-
• -;: TIONS. HOMES OF THE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS .vAND GENERAL AP- '
• PEARANCE. WITH .MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, -
g" . RIVERS.- VALLEYS, HILLS ! AND MOUNTAINS! SO COM-
S •,-> PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER ? THE ISL- • • - .
O V_ .. . ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE- V ¦ '?..
S VWith a special consideration of the conditions . that prevailed '. before the declaration of war, by Senators .Proctor,
S ¦ Thurston/cMdney and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a? coniparison with conditions as
A .they now -exist. 7 ; - . \ _' -.- J" ", -
• ' ». •, , " . -Edited and 'arranged by <
8 - S;:;bryan|
2 Author. of "Footprints. of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu-
? v - mahity," Etc., Etc.
S ¦¦¦¦'•-. ~H'.^ PHOTOGRAPHS BY
© WALTER B. TOVVNSENOr FRED W. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTFER AND OTHERS.
• / - ' COMPLETE IN TWO; QUARTO VOLUMES.
8 ¦' •REGULAR;PRICE r $i.s.oq i PER-SET. ¦ SPECIAL, TO. CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET.
• Superbly •illustrated -with -more than Twelve Hundred Special Photoeraphs," Colortypes and hew Colored Maffc-
California) j^^^^^^B ¦
One C2O\ reaud - PH^^S^^^^^SiSi
its C3LT win- Siliilli? »^L™;^R' HOTEL' DEL. CORONADO, choicest Wintet
Resort in the world, offers best living, climate,
boating, bathln* \ flshing i and most , amuse
ment». E. S. Babcock, manager, , Coronado, Cal,
. i. France, .with upward'of 40,000,000. of pop-;
ulatidn;. has but .oneV really large city-
Paris,- with 2,715,000 inhabitants. The .two
next" largest are Marseilles/ with 494,769,
and Lyons, with 453,245 inhabitants.
V RESIDENCE— Subscriber," Aromas, Cal.
A man cannot have two. legal residences.
If , a .man had ' his residence in Monterey
County, and ithen , changed his residence
to Santa^.Cnia' County and has made that
his , permanent' home: he '.cannot claim; a
legal residence in ;. Monterey County. '•¦ A
resident. cannot" serve as a grand Juror in
any^county except the. one .in 'which he
claims his residence. If a man is a resi
dent of -r Santa Cruz; County, and Is hold
ing ' a deputy shl p : under the county gov
ernment In" Monterey '; County" you . have
your remedy at law to "have, him cited to
shoWjWhy. he should not be removed from
office.
' FLOWERS— G. S. \ C. Pacific Grove,
Cal., There are florists 'who make a
bxislness of shipping fresh flowers from
San Francisco to points East as far as
New York. Some lay the flowers loosely
In damp moss, others place them in damp
cotton and others wrap each flower In
fine paper/and lay in cotton in a box that
has plenty of, air.. Some" make arrange
ments with train hands to keep-- th&
flowers - damp during the Journey.
THEATERS— C. H., City. , The follow
ing is given as the seating capacity of, a
number of Sari .Francisco theaters: Co
lumbia, , 1624; ij California, .1698; Alcazar.
1458; Grand- Opera-house, 2500; Orpheum.
27Q0; Central, 1600.
METROPOLITAN THEATER - Old
Timer, City. : The' last performance at the
Metropolitan ' Theater on Montgomery
street, between Washington and Jackson,
San Francisco, was on the night of April
28. 1873., , ' ¦- . . •
' Mohsignor , Kirchberger of the % Cathe-^
dral of Munich, a prelate of the Catholic
church, ¦-. arrived * here,, yesterday ' from - a
tour ,; of ; Mexico. • ' He :¦ is accompanied by
Oscar S Zettler,^ also i of Munich, , a .\ well
known designer; of stained glass windows;
Mr.jZettler/ designed the /windows "for
Holy's Cross . Church in : this : city and 'for
Claus Spreckels' residence. -The visitors
are at the Palace.- . - ¦
W. : A, . Clark Jr., son • of . United States
Senator ; Clark 'of Montana; arrived ' at
the : Palace yesterday .'-accompanied- by
hisjVwife, . from . Butte,' -Mont. ..-Senator
Clark "will Join , ; them . in this city next
.Wednesday.'. • ' ' : '--r^V- '¦•••;
Judge" ; Isaiah Hartman,' ., a Superior
Judge of Santa Cruz County, who resides
at Boulder Creek,, Is registered, at : the
Lick,:,;.:/-: . ¦¦•¦- •;.•:•'¦; \ '¦ ; .;V.- 7 ¦'"
: . Meyer; Blum, a merchant of Vacaville,
Is here, on a short ; business ? trip. ; He has
made his headquarters at "the Grand. ./'
'• R. D.' Hatch, a merchant of Nbvato, Js
at the Lick, accompanied by his wife' and
daughter.' "¦, \ %'¦:¦• ' .. •..''._
¦ Speaker' C. W. Pendleton of Los An
geles Is among the arrivals at the Grand.
. F. A: ; Waters of Los Angeles ¦ is at the
Palace.' .' ' . ¦• ••
John T. Cameron, a cattle raiser of
Newman, is at the Lick.
J. J.Dailey, a mining 'man of Trinity
County, is at the ' Grand.
Leon ' S. Hlrsch,. a merchant." of . San
Jose, is registered at the Palace, s ; v '-
PREMIUM FIVE— J.. H., City. A five
dollar piece of 1834 commands a premium
of from $1 to $2 if it has on the reverse
"E.Pluribus Unum." If it has not it does
not command a premium,.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
.PERSONAL- MENTION.
Bumbleigh— It was an -awful trial for
me to make that speech to-night.
Mlldmay— Don't mention it, old boy; Just
think what the rest of us suffered.— Tit-
Bits.
Two Views.— "Mister." began the beg
gar, "it's pretty hard to lose all your
relations and — "
"Hard?" snorted the crusty Individual, v
"Why, man alive, if they're poor rela
tions it's impossible!" — Philadelphia
Press.
"I ... s'pose," said -Johnny, who had
been. called upon to entertain the unex
pected guest for a few minutes, "you have
"Speak a little louder, my dear," said
the caller.
"I" s'pose," yelled Johnny, "you hav«
to use an ear trumpet, 'cause your ear
drum's busted !"— Washington Star.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. To-wnsend's. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's.'
: ; Look out for 81 4th st, front barber and
grocer; best- eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c.*
Special Information - supplied dally to»
business houses and public men by' tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. , ; • -
¦ Townsend's. California glace. rrult. 6O0 a '
j.ound. In tire-etched bo;xes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C8. Market st. Palace Hotel building. •
Kins Oscar has passed seventy-two
years, and has : delegated many of hl3 .
powers to Gustaf. the heir to the throne,
although there has not been a formal ab
dication. • ' '
What you pay for extracts is important, bqt
what you get is ten times more important. Bur
nett's Vanilla costs more because it's worttimcr*.
One report of the function, after describing with
due lavishness of rhetoric the magnificent. display of"
jewelry and unprecedented toilets gleaming under
the glow of myriad lights, and so forth, says: "At
the drawing : rooms Queen Victoria stood at , one end
of a long line of royalties, beginning with the Prince*
and : Princess of Wales,' and every lady as; she was
presented hadr to! make a courtesy to each, member of
the royal family placed at very short 'intervals; This
awkward. performance is now abolished. > The mem
bers .of the royal family and other members of - the
court- are ; now '" ranged . in a long line behind the
King's ahd Queen's throne chairs. Several yards in
front of the' thrones the King and Queen stood and
those presented bowed to them alone. . This;saved
much time, as did another innovation. ,: To-night
none save Embassadors .and Ministers : shook hands,
whereas all the debutantes used to-do so. 7 'Another
difference, was that . the"^ King and - Queen- remained
throughout, responding to each person presented ¦
with'a slight bow, while "the line of royalties and
court personages,- ranged - in the 'distance behind,'
stood practically ; motionless ; throughout' the rather
less .than" two hours that .the presentations occupied."
, The point in this story/of most, interest .'to Ameri
cans is the part taken by.; the ( royal '^ family^ and .the'
higher • courtiers , in the - function. 1 Just "imagine
standing for two hours without haying a word to say
or, even a, nod : to give : to anybody, at the ¦ reception..
The situation is worse than that. of a supe^ at a' theater
serving without : pay. ; Any. • citizen . ' in ; this ' country'
who, has a chance to dance at every frolic he attends
hasriio cause to /envy 'Princes or wish he were one
of : them.. ."•¦" .' ;
DISPATCHES from London giving accounts
of the first'. "court" held by the new King
and Queen were devoted ' largely '. .to the
changes made by the new sovereigns f rom . the cus
toms that prevailed at such functions under the old
Queen. The function was far more brilliant than
anything of the kind in the later; years of ¦ Victoria,
but as that was a matter of course, not much has
been said of it. The feature of the new function that
most impressed London was the . abolitton of a good
many of the old ceremonial, observances upon which
Victoria insisted, and .the substitution of forms
which relieve the court of a great deal of the former
awkwardness.
THE BURDEN OF ROYALTY.
This reappearance of Bryan as an active cam
paigner for the Presidential' nomination confuses the
plans of the reorganizes and disturbs their calcuia-
In the course of his talk; Bryan undertook to in
itruct Democratic Senators and Representatives how
they should vote'on every important question before)
Congress. About the only issue on which he was not
ready to give advice or .command was -that. of the':
choice of. .chairman of the . Democratic Congressional
campaign committee. On well nigh every other topic
he was free and firm in speaking. He. even tried to ¦
cheer his despondent followers and told. them: "The
Democratic outlook is good. We have a prospect of
Carrying the next House, and such a victory this fall
would pave the way to triumph in the Presidential
campaign." . . ¦*.'/ ~- '.-•-
During his visit to Washington Bryan received a
good deal of attention, and in commenting upon the
impression made. the Washington correspondent of
the Atlanta Constitution says: "William Jennings
Bryan undoubtedly regards himself still a'Presiden
tial probability. He made this pretty: clear in talks
he had with Democratic: Senators and Representa
tives here to-day; mere, however, by what he did
not say than by^what he did. He also made it clear
that he believes every Democrat in public life either*
reads the Commoner or should do so. To each man
to whom he talked he made some referericc to his
paper." .. • . ",'
While the committeemen who hang around New
York hotels entertain ! such sentiments, Mr." Bryan
continues to take himself quite seriously as the per
petual candidate of his party,. the man whom destiny
has chosen to be the next Democratic President of
the United States. .; Vi'v'A'
-r jr tILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN has been
\/\/ doing a good deal of politics during his lec
¦' V ture tour of the Eastern States, and has
thereby greatly disturbed the 'reorganizes. A num
ber of Democratic National Committeemen who
were recently in New York City are reported to have >
been quite frank in avowing their dislike of the situa
tion. Some of them declared Bryan to be a political
nuisance, a man who has outlived his usefulness and
who, being politically dead, ought to stay buried. : It
was also stated by these committeemen that the Bry
anites no longer control the committee, and • that
there would be no large amount of dissatisfaction if
the Bryanite chairman of- the committee, Senator
Jones of Arkansas, were to lose his seat in the Sen
ate and be retired from national politics along with
Bryan himself. : '
TOO MUCH BRYAN.
Modoc County seems determined, like an incor
rigible criminal, to "bear the scarlet badge of shame in
the community of California counties. It appears im
probable that the 7 murderous lynchers of the county
will ever be made to pay the penalty for their heinous
offense.
The situation in California remains .precisely as
for the past year or two, barring the marked influx
of new people and new funds into San Francisco and
the half-dozen counties around the bay. The amount
of new building going on in Sari Francisco is re
markable, as is the large increase in the number of
it« inhabitants, both temporary and permanent. Vast
sums of gold coin are now being released in this city
in payment for the Market-street railroad system and
in the settlement of immense estates; and ; the con
struction of new edifices, and the city. is; enjoying a
commercial • activity highly * gratifying to its ' citizens.
There is not much going on in Wall street just
now. The leading financiers, even those who are at
the head of the enormous combinations of capital,
admit that if left to itself the stock market would go
down, as prices are too high, but they candidly say
that they will not let it go down — that is, until they
see their way to do so without seriously disturbing;
conditions. As they control the situation they can
do as they please. But the country is so prosperous
and so flush with ready money that even under pres
ent conditions if the stock market should go down
general business would probably not be violently
affected. .
* —^ OMMERCIAL reports from all over the
I country indicated a general expansion in
V_^ trade last week. The bank clearings did not
corroborate this, as they showed a loss of 10.4 per
cent from 1901, hence, while the demand for mer
chandise and produce might have, and probably did,
exhibit pronounced improvement, the aggregated
business, counted in dollars and cents, was smaller.
This would seem to show that the improvement was
rather in jobbing and retail quarters than in the
heavier importing and wholesale lines. Be this as' it
may, there was certainly a quickening in distribu
tive trade, while the export demand for wheat was
better than for some time back The recent rains
throughout the winter wheat belt depressed prices to
a point where the European countries could pur^
chase, and the American markets were thereby placed
once more on an exporting basis, a position which
they had been above for months as far as active ship
ping was concerned. That Europe wants our wheat
was shown by her immediate response to the decline,
and sales for foreign shipment during the close of the
week were very large. The other staples also showed
increasing activity. A brisk demand for nails, hard
ware and lumber indicated large building operations,
and Pittsburg reported an enormous demand for
structural' material, especially for office buildings,
railroad enrs and bridges and viaducts. The general
demand for iron and steel, however, is not as ex
cited as last year, and it is expected that by the 1st
of July this industry will have gotten back to normal
conditions as far as prompt deliveries are concerned.
The boot and shoe manufacturers are busy on old
orders, but new business is rather light. An advance
in the wages of cotton operatives has increased the
cost of production and print cloths are. higher,
though Southern cotton centers are reporting dull
ness in the wholesale trade, with slower collections.
Woolens are quiet, though the raw wools are firm
under moderate stocks at Eastern centers. The re
tail business of the country is reported exception
ally fine, and the car famine is now so far relieved
that but little is now heard of that shortage in cars
which hampered trade so seriously for almost *a year
and materially reduced the commercial statistics of
the country. An encouraging feature of the situation
is the decrease in failures, those for the week num
bering 209, against 224 for the corresponding week
last year. . •
CHEEEFUL COMMERCIAL REPORTS.
The new seven-Inch gun made at the
Washington gun foundry has been tried
for velocity and speed, obtaining a veloc
ity of nearly 3000 feet a second and a
repldity in firing of four rounds a' minute.
The London Engineer of recent date
contains drawings and data of engines
designed for> the new- battleships of the
United States navy. The Engineer states
that the information . is through the
"courtesy of Admiral Melville, that the
drawings have not been published in. the
annual .report -of ' the bureau of steam
engineering^ ' nor anywhere else." The
data ls.no doubt valuable to engine de
signers in Great Britain, where the great
est defect in naval vessels has hitherto
been in the motive power, but it is to be
regretted that there is no engineering
publication in this country with sufficient
influence or enterprise to secure such in
formation from our Navy Department.
Without', the sanction of the Secretary of
the Navy Admiral, Melville would not
have been able to extend the courtesy to
the London Engineer of furnishing ex
clusive important information to foreign
navies, i '»-. ; ..
The position of chaplain in the ¦United
States' navy is evidently a much sought"
after billet, the recent''
complaint by" one of , the' "corps ' tnat" r fh3 r
small pay was insufficient for an officer
to maintain himself with- "self-respect."
There is at present one vacancy, for
which there were over 400 applicants two
weeks ago, and the list still grows, al
though It is understood that the President
has promised the place to the Rev. Bow- ,
ers Reynolds Patrick of Duluth, a Bap
tist clergyman. The corps consists of
twenty-four .chaplains, the lowest pay be
ing 52500 while at sea and 52000 while on
shore duty, which salaries are increased
after . five years to 52800 and 52300, re
spectively. The highest relative rank is
that of captain, and the lowest is that of
lieutenant. When performing shore duty,
where no • official quarters are provided,
allowances are granted for house rent.
The pay for retired chaplains is three
quarters that of the sea pay. There will
be another vacancy next November.
I The' French armored cruiser Chateaure
nault has had another unsuccessful steam
trial. A boiler tube burst and one of
her propeller blades broke off, necessi
tating returning to the dockyard. The
ship began her series of -trials over one
year ago. . .. ' ¦ . . - : ¦ .
Lord Beresford type in the United States
navy. ' ;•
. Lord Beresford delivered an. interesting
speech recently before' the United Ser
vice Institution, in which among other
points . he advocated large battleships in
preference to smaller ones. He said: "We
have to fight all over the world, and
should have to fight very often at the
enemy's bases, therefore we must have, a
flotation that would float the same arma
ment , plus the coal." He criticized the
Admiralty, claiming that it lacked .sys
tem, and the same applied to the War
Office. The defects of. the Belleville boil
ers, he claimed, were ; largely due to the
want of trained stokers. ¦: He 'commended
the new. idea of inviting the opinion of
subordinates. If he were going to have
a fight he would have. all his officers be
fore him to express to him their opinions,
and then he. would say to them: "Now,
gentlemen, you have been good enough to
give me your Ideas; you go and' obey, my
orders, so that there may be no mistake
about it." But if anybody gave "him an
Idea— he • did hot care if he ' was only a
junior lieutenant— that enabled him to
win the action, his name should.be at .the
masthead of every single ship after; the
action. There- Is need of officers of the
ADMIRAL. HAWKE, one of Great
• Britain's v many : - distinguished
naval commanders, defeated the
¦ "French fleet In Quiberon Bay No
vember .20, 1759, gaining an im
portant victory. . On the same day the
populace of London, Impatient over what
was considered Hawke's delay in striking
a decisive blow at the enemy, hanged hl3
effigy in- the' streets.! "When six weeks
later Hawke came home he was received ]
with great enthusiasm,, the King settled a
pension 510,000 a year oh him, the pen*
slon to extend to his-, descendants, Parlla-. ;
ment gave 'him -a vote of -thanks and sev-' :
enteen years later he was made a Baron.
Hawke died in 1785, ' and his " successors
have been regularly paid " .'the., pension,"
Which up to the present* time foots. up to
the aggregate of 51.260,000. .None. of the j
gallant Hawke's descendants , have, dlstln- '
guished themselves either In the army or
navy, but two of them have broken their
necks in fox hunts. The present and sev
,ehth Baron, -Martin Bladen Hawke, born- ;
in .I860, was up to 1894 captain . of the :
Yorkshire Ninth Regiment, Is* now retired,
resting on his laurels, and is referred to
in "Who's Who", as a well-known crick-',
eter. . The stock appears to have dete
riorated and is~ doing nothing to- keep up
the name of its great ancestor, but the
yearly, pension of 510,000 will go on until
\the government of. England changes.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
There are quite a number ot royal and
noble sailors 'besides Prince Henry of
Prussia. The ranking officer In the
Italian navy is Tom as so, Duke of Genoa,
who served through the several grades
and 1s now an admiral. The Duke of
Abnizzi, chiefly known as an explorer, la
another Italian sailor Prince. Russia ha3
Grand Duke Alexander Michaelovltch and
Grand Duke Alexis, the latter, being the
lord high admiral. King George of Greece
and his son are likewise sailors by pro
fession, and very good ones. Prince Oscar
of Sweden and Princes "Waldemar and
Charles of Denmark, the present Prince
of "Wales, are all admirals In their re
spective navies, and Grand Dnke Con
stantlne's daughter, wife to the King of
Greece, is the only admiral In petticoat*.
She holds that rank In the Russian navy
In recognition for her kindness to Russian
sailors and of her remarkable, knowledge
of practical seamanship. -
Eussia has now seven large shipbuilding
yards In Europe, of which, two are located
at Nicolaleff and Sebastopol, In the Black
Sea, and the others, in order of Import
ance, are at Kronstadt, and New Admiral
ty, 1 Galerni Ostrov, Baltic "Works and
Nevsky, at or near St. Petersburg. Ten
ships were laid down last year 'at thesa
yards, namely, two battleships of tha
Slava type, four protected cruisers and
four noviks of 3000 tons and twenty.-flva
knots speed. At Helsingfors five destroy- 1
ers of 250 tons and five torpedo boats of
150 tons were laid down, while Schichan at
Elbing received the contract for a novlk,
and Howald's yard at Kiel began and
launched an engineering and transport ¦
ship. Plans are In progress for five bat- ;
tleships of twenty knots and five destroy
ers of thirty knots.
The cost of the ammunition expended
by United States vessels in the naval
tights at Manila and off Santiago amount
ed collectively to $133,909 11. Dewey'3 fleet
expended 132 tons, costing 130,014 37, and In
the battle off Santiago 164.7 tons, at a
cost of JS9,S&i 74. were expended, of which
the Oregon la credited -with 1903 rounds,
•weighing 36.6 tons,- at a cost of 524,960 13;
the Brooklyn with 1973 rounds, weighing
15.1" tons, at a cost' of $13,640 13. The New
York did not fire a shot. The total cost a'
ammunition expended at sea during: the
war with^ Spain was only about 5175,000.
The battleship Iowa Is again In. need
of repairs, and has gone to Bahia Blanca,
the Argentine naval station.
Admiral Ha wke's Descendants. Receive Annually $10,000, Which Was Granted to Him
and His Line, in Perpetuity, for His Victory JDver a French Fleet in 1759.
MRS. GEORGE P. WINTER
MUTE, WHO HAS PROVED A
CHARMING HOSTESS.
';.-•¦ (Photo by Genthe.)
MONDAY. MARCH 24, 1902 v
'JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
iifrtri £11 CcEKtnicEtiess to \T. 8. IEAKE, Vtniger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Presm 204
PrBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
. Teleplione-IVess 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.., ..217 io 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202../
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Weelc. .
Slnffle Coplen, S Cents.
Terms l»y Mall, InclndlnK Foitaee:
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), one year... ..$6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), C months...!...... 3.00
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month °5c
SUNDAY CALU One Year *•«>
WEEKLY CALL, One Year • 100
All postmasters p.re authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
STATEMENT CF CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of February, 1902.
February 1 CO.5CO February 15. . . . .58,730
,. February 2 «J>,«J>0 February 10 70,480
February 3 K9.1&O February 17 GS.OOO
February A. ... .CW.8OO February 18 C9,23O
February S n»,12O February IO. .. .".58,770
Kebninry «. . . . .CX.TMO Frliruarr SO. ... .S8.3OO
February 7 r.S,44(> February 21 B9,TSO
February 8 38,300 February 22 5t),t40
February 9 «O,O8O February 2a 70,lOO
February IO RS,f)30 February 24 50,110
February 11 5H.5U0 February 25 ...... 58,920
February 12 58,:i5O February 2« ISO.K4O
February 13 58,330 February 27. . . . .59,310
February 14 5S.7HO February S8..... S8.S4O
Total . .1,095,380
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, I „ •
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO. | cs *
On thie 15th day of March. 1902. personally appeared
before me.- William T. Hess, a Notary Public In and . for the
city and county aforesaid, W. J. Martin, who, being iworn
according to law, declares that he is the business manager of
the fan Francisco Call, a daily newspaper published In the
City and Coanty of San Francisco, State of California, and
that there were printed and distributed during the month of
February. 19C2. one million six . hundred . and ninety-five thou
sand three hundred and eighty U.695.3S0) copies of , the said
newspaper, which number divided by twenty-eight (th« number ot
days of issue) gives an average dally circulation of €0,549 copies.
SEAL. j W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn . to before me this 13th day of
March. 1902. . W. T. HESS.
JCotary Ihibllc In and for the City and County of San Fran
cisco. State of California. Room 1015, Claun Spreckels Bid*.
The measure being one for the general benefit, its'
adoption should be strongly urged. It will be well,
therefore, for those who are interested in the subject
to write to their Congressmen in support of it.
It is worth noting that the inventor of the post
check plan, who is a successful business man and who
has patented the idea, offers, in case of its adoption,
to turn the patents and all rights under -them over to
the Government free cf any cost or charge whatever.
He considers that should the system be adopted the
consciousness of having accomplished; a reform of
such importance to the general public and business
men will more than compensate him for his time and
trouble. . ¦ . •
The i; advantages which would follow the adoption
of the Gardner system are so apparent as to hardly
require statement. The postal checks would be in
circulation as currency and would be readily obtain
able at any time and from almost any store. They
woukj, in fact, be as common as bank bills and serve
the same purposes until made payable by t the sender
to a particular, person, after which the bill would be
come virtually a check. With such a postal currency
in" circulation there would be a large" increase of ac
tivity in nearly all lines of trade. The adoption of
the system- would be especially beneficial- to rural
communities whose postoffices are riot money order
offices arid who therefore have hardly any safe way
of sending smairamoiihts of money under the present
system. "¦.'-. ','."'
. These inconveniences and risks have long been felt
and many efforts have been made to devise a feasible
plan for getting rid- of them. The desired \ object
seems to be attained by a system devised by Mr.
Gardner ;of; Michigan and submitted in a bill now
before Congress. The measure provides for pjint
ing the one, two and- five dollar bills in the future
with blank spaces on the face. These bills of cdurse
pass from hand to hand/before the blanks are filled.
When it is desired to fsend', >one in the mails the
blanks . are filled in Wi.thfehe n^tne of the payee, his
city and State, a 2 : cent; postage stamp is placed in an
other blank space and canceled -with the initials of
the sender in ink, the name of the sender is signed
on the back, and, presto! his money has suddenly
ceased to exist as currency'and has been transformed
into a check on the United States, Government, hav
ing all the # safety . of any bank check, and ready: for
inclosure in his. letter. When the payee receives this
check he treats it just as he would any other check
— indorses it, goes -to the nearest bank or postoffice
and deposits it or has it cashed.. The j paid check
finally reaches the Treasury Department, when it is
replaced by a new one with the spaces unfilled. This
keeps the circulation at par. -No change whatever is
made in the financial policy of the Government, the
only change being in the character of the printing
on the bills of five dollars and under. . -.-"¦. .
EVERY- ONE who has had occasion to send
small amounts of money through the mails is
aware of the inconvenience or the risk entailed.
The. only safe way is that:of making use of a postal
money order, but to obtain the order:even in- a city
is a matter of considerable trouble, for one must go
to a postofficeand stand in line waiting his turn,
while to the farmer and others who live remote- from
postoffices the inconvenience is much greater. To
many persons, indeed, a trip to the postoffice to get
a money order means the loss of half a day. On the
other hand, to send money through the mails by any
other means subjects the sender to the risk of
losing it.
A POST CHECK CURRENCY.
A number of lawyers in Chicago have organized an
association for the purpose of "promoting legisla
tive legal 'reforms.": Among" the aims specified ¦ in
their programme is uplifting; the character of
the bar by, having unworthy members disbarred. A
scheme like that would, be worth trying in San Fran
cisco, even if it did originate in Chicago.
Dunphy gave to forty of his friend3 at
the Palace Hotel on Thursday. Although
some of us were not eligible as guests, we
have been none the less enthusiastic in
discussing it. The genial host arranged
no end of fun for. the dinner byintroduc
lng one of the guests as a German Baron
—Lieutenant— something, who spoke with
an accent and made grotesque speeches.
No one recognized him as Mr. "Wild, for
merly at the Orpheum, tout now residing
at 324 "Oak street.
The "Baron" showed great Ignorance
of Americanisms, and when Mr. Tobin
proposed a "bumper" he had to have the
term fully explained, while the guests
vainly tried to conceal their amusement
at his denseness. When. Judge Kerrigan,
in the happiest of moods, addressed the
lieutenant as "Lute." he hotly resented
the familiarity and there was a sensation
at the table, some of the guests taking
sides with the Judge, while others sought
to reason with the injured dignity of the
"Baron." It was not until the strange
"foreigner" sang two or three American
songs that some one whispered an idea
that Dunphy might be getting off another
one of his Jokes, but the 3ongs, like the
speeches, were in German accent, and
many continued to suppress their amuse
ment while Mr. Dunphy enjoyed hl3 laugh
unrestrained. »'*"•".»*
I wonder how many hearts Mrs. George
P. Wintennute won last Friday at the tea
she gave. This was the first entertaining
she has done since she became a bride
four months ago. -Everybody was delight
ed with the sweet dignity. and charming:
cordiality of the young hostess. She wore
a Parisian gown of the sheerest of panne
satin.' light blue with a white stripe. The
garniture was blue baby ribbon and
dainty white lace medallions.
• • •
If any of us are sorry spring is coming
it Is because we cannot, see Mrs. Tom
Magee Jr., with her fluffiest of muffs any
longer. Our grandmothers would have
scorned a lace muff in their crisp. New
England clime, but Mrs. Magee carries
one of thinnest tulle, and an- exquisite
affair It la, made of rows upon rows of
tulle ruchlngs. black and white alternat
ing. As there are fifteen or twenty of
these ruchings, four inches deep, the muff
is quite an immense affair, as muffs go. A _I
have heard that it was so much larger
when It came from New Tork that Mrs.
Magee had . it made smaller before she
could generate. enough American nerve to
carry it. What must it have been before?
A double ruff of tulle— one black and one
white— also belongs to this creation and is
tied with several wide black satin ribbons,
knotted at the ends.
SALLY SHARPE.
NAVAL PENSION THAT WAS GRANTED BY GREAT BRITAIN
IN 1760 "GOES ON FOREVER," LIKE TENNYSON'S BROOK
-¦-¦ < iriA •'/- : -' '" .•,¦' ' ¦ '''¦'¦¦
IF it is an accepted truth that all the
. world loves a lover, there is 'no deny
ing the ; fact 'that all /the women love
• fa bride, and what is 'more interesting
than to I make a character, study of
the' chosen'- one af ter .- the ¦ happy man de
clares his choice to the world? We take
to ourselves : the flattering ; unction that
we are; much more capable of judging her
than ' the ' groom could possibly be in the
blindness ; of , his love, . and we realize a
satisfaction most prof ound in approving
his selection or jj take a j certain pride in
our own prudence . when ' we - disagree.
From the day Rowena Burns' engagement
was announced to the' immediate present,
covering her pretty wedding yesterday,
we . have heartily indorsed all the good
thing's ,we have heard about Charles Dun
phjv and knew he must I be a splendid
fellow to recognize such a priceless treas
ure and make it his own. We have known
all along that Rowena Burns was one of
the rarest in "the rosebud", garden of
girls.". "Almost any one can , smile under
favorable conditions and look pleasant in
a ' ballroom,- but it requires a sweet, gen
erous nature like the one in point to radi
ate, sunshine and show gentle considera
tion under all circumstances to every one
she meets. .,
Is. it so surprising, .then, that such
scores of presents were '.received from
admiring friends ? . It; would be impossible
to describe such a bewildering array,, for
a large room of the Burns' residence was
entirely filled with wedding gifts. That
immense' chest of silverware from the
Dunphys was a magnificent affair. The
wooden" chest itself was elaborately
carved and fully . four, feet long arid two
deep, containing a number : of large and
exquisitely wrought things, too costly to
be duplicated among: the other presents.
Colonel and- Mrs. - Burns presented their
daughter with a grand collection . of. Jew
els, many of Which are very old. The
necklace worn with t the bridal robe was
especially interesting,' halving once been
the property of- Marie Antoinette. ,.It was
a single row of large diamonds, suspended
' from a fine gold [ chain." The bride also
wore the -groom's gift— a diamond sun
burst, consisting of ten brown and cherry
diamonds, set in a circle and many white
ones within. The stones were especially
fine and set' with true Tiffany art.
'- The. bride was certainly a picture in her
clinging princess gown of , white panne
satin, with the filmy tulle veil over her
pretty, girlish face. | The gown Itself was
an expensive creation, having a deep
flounce of rose point lace about the trail
ing skirt, while the bodice, too, had a lav
ish fearniture of the lace. The shower
bouquet Of lilies of the valley, tied with
white tulle, was happily chosen. , I am
sure nothing else would have suited her—
unless, perhaps, white violets.
While we are on the subject of the Dun
phy-Burns nuptials, - 1 must say a word
about the farewell bachelor dinner Mr.
Train-robbing is a very cowardly crime. It re
quires more address than courage. As usually com
mitted the robber compels some member of the train;
crew to do the. dan get ous part of it, under threat of
death. The engineer is made to obey the robber's
orders with a pistol at his head, andcthe fireman is
by the same means compelled Jio place the dynamite
if an express or mail car is to be blown open and to
stand between the robber and the gun of the express
messenger. The commission of the crime has'al
ways the intention to murder as its necessary acconv
j.-animent. and its successful execution would seldom
be possible if intended murder were not used in the
act. Death should be the penalty, an'd when the rope
has choked a few of these miscreants the heroic ele
ment will cease to be attractive. .
When a train robber is imprisoned for his offense
he still remains a hero to such admirers and his con
finement is not reformatory. He is apt to consider
himself a deeply wronged man and to accuse himself
only of being caught. His crime does not disturb
his conscience in- the least. He is enlarged at the
end of his sentence to be looked upon as a much
injured man, and to seek the first opportunity to re
peat his exploits. /"
Proceedings in the Federal courts are not per
mitted to be turned into complimentary receptions
tendered to such criminals. Their legal rights are
protected, but they arc not privileged to* turn judi
cial proceedings into s, farce by the posing and in
terviewing which impress .others, of. weak morals,
that crime is a heroic business worthy of all praise
and of frequent imitation.
In criminal society the train robber figures as an
aristocrat. His position is of that high rank occu
pied by the Bulgarian bandits, who are held in awe
and respect by the communities which know their
crimes and shelter them from punishment. In this
State we have seen train robbers made heroes by a
yellow newspaper, which succeeded in generating a
diseased sentiment that saved the necks of the crim
inals,-who in eluding pursuit committed more than
one murder. The chief of these miscreants was set
upon a pedestal to be admired by the unthinking,
and he published interviews .upon such psychological
subjects as the time of day or night at which a man
engaged in criminal enterprise feels the most or the
least courage. This course was pursued until peo
ple who should have known better condoned his
scarlet crimes on the ground that a railroad deserved
A .Federal statute on the subject has many advan
tages over a local law. Trial of such offenders in/a
Federal court and infliction of the death penalty
upon conviction will be a quite different affair from
arraignment in a State tribunal. / '
The only fault to be found with the committee bill
is its lack of adequate penalty. If train bandits take
life the. bill fixes the death penalty; if they kill no ,
one the punishment is imprisonment of not less than
five nor more than ten years. This is wholly inade
quate. The penalty for • train robbery should be
death. Every such robbery involves interference
with the lunning of the train and every such inter
ference causes the risk of derailment or collision and f
endangers the lives of passengers. There are statutes
that attach the death penalty to the crime of arson
when committed in a building where there are hu-.
man beings. Under such circumstances arson be-^
comes potential murder, and should pay the penalty'
of that crime. Train robbing should have the. same
treatment.
CONGRESSMAN KAHN has made a sugges
tive and valuable report for the Judiciary
- Committee -on a bill -to suppress train,-rob
bery. Railways are mail routes . and come under
Federal jurisdiction. Mr.: Kahn's report takes some
of the wind out of the sails of our pride by compar
ing our criticism of brigandage in Turkey, Greece
and Italy with the actual. facts concerning train brig
andage in our own country. .
ALL HER FRIENDS FIND DELIGHT
IN JOY OF THE NEW MRS. DUN PHY
tions. ; They -have- been : making" 1 their 'plans ¦ upon 'the [
assumption that Bryan is out of the .fight and the way
open for a new leader.. They. now find themselves
confronted by the silver man and- threatened ; with a _
faction fight. The Richmond* Tirriesf "whicli has\beeti'
a gold paper, and an opponent of Bryan r from .the!
outset, mournfully, > says: '" "Mr. : Bryan's^ political*
funeral has been/time and Jagain preached by those
who thought that he was politically dead, but they
reckoned without the corpse.' Mr., Bryan is .very
much alive and he is going to give the Democratic
| party a great deal of trouble yet." ¦ '
TRAIN ROBBERY.
THE SAN FR ANCISCO . CALli, \ MONDAY, MARCH 24y>" 1902
4
¦ AHUtsEMENTS.
California — "The Denver Express."
Tivoli — "The Serenade."
Central — "The Man-o'-Wareman."
Grind Opera-house— "La Tosca."
Fischer's Theater — "Little Christopher."
Mechanics' Pavilion — Norris & Kowe'« Big Shows.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES."
By Wm. G. Layng— Tuesday, March 25. at 11 o'clock.
Horses. Vehicles, etc.. at 721 Howard street-TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
BAKERSFIELD. March '23.— The fu
neral 'of : the late Thomas -E. Brown,
who was for many years superintendent
of the Miller & Lux holdings in this
county, was held this afternoon under
the i auspices of the Knights of Pythias.
The services, ; which were held at the
Armory Hall, were largely attended.
Pythians Conduct the Funeral.
PHILADELPHIA, March 23.— The big
battleship Retzivan, which has just been
completed for the Russian Government at
Cramps' shipyard, was officially, added to
the Czar's navy .to-day and the regular
routine, of a man-of-war began on the
ship. The ceremony was simple and was
conducted by Father Ratskofsky, the
ship's chaplain. The crew of 750 men and
officers were lined up on the main deck
with bared heads as the 'services of the
Greek Church were read, after which, at
a signal from Captain" St. -Chenosvltch.
the Retzivan's commander, the blue cross
of St. Andrew was hoisted at the stern.
Soon after the - ceremony had been con
cluded the battleship swas hauled Into
midstream by four tugs and will sail for
Cronstadt about April 12..
Simple Ceremonies Attend the Addi
tion of the Retzivan to the .
¦ . Czar's Navy.
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT
* ACCEPTS BATTLESHIP
The value of merchandise coming from
the United States for the nine - months
ended September 30, 1901, was $2,712,190, an
increase of $1,140,218 over the correspond
ing period of 1900, while the exports for
the period of 1901 amounted to $2,737,059, an
increase of $629,534. . ' \
Gold and silver was imported during the
nine months of 1901 to the value of $2,082,
644, for the the same period of 1900, $2,383,
291; exported during. the 1901 period, $736,
167, corresponding period of 1900, $2,222,087.
WASHINGTON. March 23.— The Insular
Division of the War Department hate pre
pared for publication a comparative state
ment showing the commerce of the Phil
ippine Islands. for the nine months ended
September 80, 1901, and 1900.
The total value of merchandise imported,
during the nine months ended September
30, 1901, was $21,818,212, against $17,187,991
for the corresponding period of 1900, and
the exports of merchandise amounted to
J18.S66.798, against $17,883,200 for 1900.- These
figures show an increase of 27 per cent for
the imports and 6 percent for the exports
during the nine months. " ¦ j
ment Publishes an Interesting
Comparative Statement.
Insular Division of the War Depart-
PHILIPPINE COMMEUCE -
IS STEADILY GROWING
bteamer. • ' From*. ' ;y , | Jjue.
Phoenix. Mendoctno City ....... '.(Mar. 21'
Sequoia San.Pedro ....: [Mar. 21
Edith Seattle |Mar. 24
Coos Bay.... Han iVdro & Way Ports. 1 Mar. u\
Mackinaw... Tacoma (Mar. 25
G. Dollar Grays Harbor j Mar. Sift
Santa Earbar Grays Harbor (Mar. 2i
Folmlna ' Nanaimo JMar. 23
Alameda Honolulu IMnr. m £H
Del Nor te Crescent City >Mar/ 25
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. . . . Mnr. 20'
Santa Monica Humboldt Mar. 2.1
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 2J
Chehalls San Pedro Mar. 20
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Mar. iitf
Rival. Wlllapa Harbor Mar. 26
G. W. Elder.. Portland ft Astoria .... Mar. I'll
Hyades...... Honolulu & Kahulul ... Mar. 27
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Mar. 2T
• .urn if-fZM.. Point Arena Mar. 27
Coronado.v. .'. Grays Harbor ......... Mar. i* (
Newburg Grays Harbor .' Mar. 28
oonita Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. 2b
Queen Pui?et Sound Ports .... Mar. 28
Progreso Seattle ." Mar. 28
Gaelic China & Japan Mar. xu
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 20
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 29
.Norm i'uiN.. Humboldt Mar. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 30
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria . . . : Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. . Mar. 31
Colombia.... 1 Valparaiso & Way Ports Mar. 31
TO ARRIVE. J HI
Steamer . Movements,
Norge, ' from Copenhagen, Chrlstiania an-1
Christlansand; stmr Khyndam. from Hotter
dam and BouloKne; stmr Kaiserin Maria
Theief-a, from Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived M»rch 23— Stmr
Ccvlc, from New York.
Sailed March 22 — Stmr Bovlc. for New York,
and passed Klnsale March £J; stmr Canadian,
for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed March 21 — Stmr Chemnitz,
for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed March 22— Stmr Astoria,
for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed March 23-^-Stmr Lahn,
from Genoa and. Naples.' for New York.
HAVRE— Soiled March j 23— Stmr La Bre
tasne. for New York.
OUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 2-T — Stmr
Umbrla, from Liverpool, for New. York.
Kohler & Chase exchange talking machine
records at 10c each. 2S0 O'Farrell st. •
At a meeting of the Trades and Labor
Council to-day the action of the Textile
Council was approved. ' ,.
The increase demanded was to have gone
into effect to-morrow, but , owing to the
delay of the reply the various unions rep
resented in the central body have not had
an opportunity to express their opinion on
the new aspect of the situation, so it has
been decided to postpone final action until
a meeting Wednesday evening next.
Meanv/hile special" meetings of the unions
will be held and a vote will be taken on
the question of strike. An informal vote
was taken to-day and it is said that three
fourths of the , number present favored a
strike, the others reserving, their/ decision
until Wednesday night.
LOWELL, Mass., March 23.— Lowell is
threatened with one of the greatest
strikes in its history as a result of the
communication sent to the Textile Union
by the mill agents in reply to the official
demand of that body for an advance in
wages for the textile operatives of the
city. The communication was read at the
meeting of the Textile Council this after
noon, and was. a positive unconditional
refusal of the demands/ It was not a joint
note, but each agent answered for him
self. The language, however, was identi
cal. It- is believed that the note was
framed at a meeting of mill officials in
Boston last Thursday night.
to Demands of Operatives.
J.0 well Mill-Owners Will Not Accede
F-EFTTSE TO INCREASE WAGES
There is a bare possibility that the fight
over the question of Cuban reciprocity
will be transferred to the floor of the
House during the coming week. The
probabilities, however, are that the reci
procity resolutions Introduced by Payne,
the floor leader of the majority, after tho
action of the Republican caucus last week
will not be called up until the following
week, though upon this point no definite
decision has been; reached as yet by the
leaders. The present programme is to
take up the. army bill after the disposal
of the MosB-Rhea contested election case
on Tuesday. Several days will be con
sumed in general debate on this bill, as
the Democrats are inclined to use It as a
text for speeches in opposition to the pol
icy of the administration in the Philip
pines. It is a foregone conclusion that
Rhea will be unseated when the vote on
his contested election case is taken on
Tuesday. ' ¦
The Indian appropriation bill probably
will be reported from committee during
the week and will receive early atten
tion.
Senators Penrose, Mitchell and Fair
banks are among those who will make
speeches in support of the , Chinese^. bill.
This measure will provoke no little con
troversy, * ' r
Senator Proctor 'will . call up the oleo
margarine bill after the expiration of the
morning hour to-morrow ; and will make a
statement of the purposes of , the bill. It
is probable that further consideration will
be postponed then for a day. Senator
Proctor expresses the opinion that the
final vote on the bill will not.be long de
layed, and It Is understood that the mem
bers of the Committee on Agriculture
who are opposed ' will not contend for
many days for debate. Senator Proctor
already has presented to them the desira
bility of fixing a day for a vote, and
while many Senators have made no oppo-
Bitlon to > this proposition only Senator
Bailey thus far has objected. /
WASHINGTON, March 23. — The' oleo
margarine bill will receive the greater
share of the attention of the Senate* dur
ing the present week, but if there should
be a time when no - one is prepared { to
speak on it Senator Proctor, who will
have charge of it, will give way to the
Chinese exclusion bill, which is in the
hands of Senator Penrose.
In the event\ of .the -operators refusing
to recognize the committee it is within
the province of the : district presidents to
declare a strike after receiving the sanc
tion of ~ the national executive board.
When asked to-night if the above state
ments were correct President Mitchell
did not deny them, but declined to dis
cuss the subject. The entire matter now
rests with the delegates, and it is possible
the convention may not approve the reso
lutions. >
SHAMOKIN, Pa.,» March 23.— From an
official source It was learned to-day; that
an effort will be made ' to-morro-w to ; ad
journ the' joint convention : of districts
Nos. 1, 7 and 9, United Mine Workers of
America, •without committing the dele
gates to a strike declaration. \,"
At a meeting which . begun at 11 o'clock
last night and continued until this morn-
Ing the special committee appointed on
Sunday formulated; a resolution which tha
leaders hope will satisfy, both radical and
conservative delegates. The committee,
which consists Of President Mitchell, Dis
trict Presidents Klcol, Fahey and Duffy
and the three district vice presidents, held
another session to-night.
report of the committee will take
the. form of a resolution, the principal
clause of which, it is authoritatively
stated, . will recommend the appointment
of a committee to present to the operators
the demands of the' convention. Incor
porated in , the report are a number of
resolutions, adopted during the week, in
addition, to those made public by Presi
dent Mitchell. All of these resolutions, it
Is stated, contain a strike declaration, ef
fective April I,* but they were made sub
ject to resolution of the special committee
report, which,, so far as could be learned,
does not declare for a strike. All of the
demands made in the scale committee re
port are also embodied -in the resolution,
but the statement is made that. only two
of these, an eight-hour working day and
the weighing of coal wherever practlca*
ble, will be insisted upon if the conven
tion adopts the resolution. Should the
report) prove satisfactory the convention
is expected to select a committee com
posed of others than officers of the union.
Demands of the Convention to
Be First Presented to , ¦
Operators.
Bids Fair to Provoke Bitter
Controversy and Much
Oratory.
Exclusion Measure "Will
Gome Up in Senate
This Week.
Leaders of Pennsylvania
-/: Miners Discuss the
Situation.
HOPE TO AVERT
ANOTHER STRIKE
NEAR TO ACTION
OM CHINESE BILL
MONDAY. MARCH 24.
NOTE — The high and , low waters occur at
the. city . front (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five . minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of , tide Is the ' same at 'both places.
Sun, , Moon and Tides.
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and : Low
; .Waters at Fort - Point, entrance to: San
• •; Francisco Bay. ¦ Published by official au
¦'.'¦ thorlty of the Superintendent.
'¦'NOTE — In Ihe'above exposition of the tides
tho early morning 1 tides are given in, the left,
hand . column • and I the successive . tides of ' the
day in . the order of . occurrence as to time ; tho
fourth time column cIvpb the last tide j of the
day,- except when there are but three ! tides' as
sometimes occurs. 'The heights given are < In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height; and then the number
given r is' subtracted ' from > the (. depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower, low watsrs.
Sun rises . . ........... . . . ... ............ .6 :08
Sun ; sets ........ . . ......"..................;. fi ;24
Moon rises . . . . : . . ?~. ......... .\.\_.. .7:11 p. m.
OCEAN. STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March ¦ 23— Stmr
PORT ANGELES— Sailed March 22— Br Btmr
Ching Wo, for Taooma from Yokohama.
SEATTLE^ — Arrived March 23 — Stmr City of •
Seattle, from Alaska * and ( Vancouver; stmr
Pleiades, . hence March 18. . ; -
Sailed March 22— Stmra Al Ki and City of
Topeka. for Skajrway. i • . ; ' ;
PORT ¦ TOWNSEND— Arrived March 23—
Bktn Chas.F Crocker, from Valparaiso; ship
ChasE Moody, from Chemalnus. ¦¦¦
¦¦ Passed in March 23 — Stmr Pleiades, for Se
attle;' Jap stmr Shakano Maru. for Seattle; Br
stTnrDuke of .Fife, for Tacoma and Seattle*
scbr. ; Metha Nelson, for Tacoma. ' •
Pawed "out March 23 — Stmr Iaqua, for Re
dondo. i r 4 • ' ¦ • ' :
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived March 22— Bkih
Amazon, hence: March 8. v ¦
EUREKA— Arrived March 23 — Stmr Arctic,
hence' March 21. - .,• > , i
. . ASTORIA — Arri\-cd -March 23 — Schr Novelty
hence March 15, with Jibboom carried away •
.NEAH BAT— Passed out March 23— Schr' Al
vena. for - — ¦; nchr A F Coates, for San Pedro-
Dutch- stmr Folmlna. for San Francisco; Btmr
Robert :' Dollar, for San 1 Francisco.
Passed in March 23— Stmr J >S .Kimban'
henee March ' 20, for Seattle. «
SAN .PEDRO — Arrived!.. March 23— Stmr
Louise,' from 'Umpqiia; stmr .Pasadena, '¦¦ from
Eureka. i ! . ¦ '¦:;¦¦. ,•¦:"-:.
.Sailed March 23— Stmrn Alcazar. . Chehalls
and Melville Dollar, for Pan Francisco."
i BANDON — Arrived March 23 — Stmr Manda
lay, hence March 20.. , ¦ • • . ,;¦
SAN DIEGO— Arrived ... March 23— Schr
Azalea,, from San Pedro. . • • • • ¦. . . - (
¦ TACOMA — Sailed March 23— Stmr Czarina,
for San Francisco. : ¦•'., •. ¦¦'.- -..¦•¦¦¦¦
Arrived March 23— Stmr Duke of Fife," from
China and Japan; bark Grenada. ¦ from Junln;:
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, March 23, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr John F Miller, 'Hansen. for Coos Bay.
¦ Schr J M Weather wax, Backman, for Ta
coma.' . , ¦ . , • ¦••¦¦•. . . ; . .
Ship Geo Curtis. Calhoun, . for Honolulu.
. -. ¦ Sunday, March 23.
Stmr Samoa, Oisen, for Caspar.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, for Eureka. ,
Stmr Ran Mateo, Ross, for Nanaimo.'
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, for San Pedro. .
\ Stmr Geo Loomis,' Bridsrett. for Ventura.
Stmr Arcata; Nelson, for Coos Bay. "
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, for Fort
Bragg. ,
U S stmr Wheeling, Blockllnger, Magdalena
Bay. • • , . .
' Ship L J.Morse, Marshall, for Labasha Bay.
Schr Glendale. Gronvold, for Tacoma and
Tahiti and Marquesas. . ¦¦¦-. v
,Schr Ivy, Samuelson. for Coos Bay. ' . •
SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
¦ ' . ' . - " " Sunday, March 23.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 50 hours from R«»dondo.
¦ Stmr State of California, Thomas, 45 hours
from BanDle^o. • '
Stmr Celia, Adler, 10 hours from Stewarts
Point.
Stmr San Pedro, Johnson, 60 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gualala, Weber, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Charles Nelsan, Schagre, 40 hours from
Hueneme. \ ... '
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 57 houra from
Victoria. - ;
Stmr Spokane. Gielow, 40 hours from San
Diego. .
Fr bark Reine Blanche, Loreau, 84 days
from Newcastle, Aus. .-* [
Schr R C Siade, Sonerud, 7 days from Grays
Harbor. ¦
•The chip Georse Curtis sailed yesterday, for
Honolulu.. She has been in the stream,
cleared and all ready for sea, for several days,
but was unable until .{ yesterday to get her
complement of eailors. f
Hard Time Getting Crew.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 23.-It has
been officially announced here that the
election of Maximo Gorki to be an hon
orary member of the Academy of Sc'ences
has been annulled. Gorki has been sum
moned to appear before the tribunal to
answer for political offenses. Gorki was
banished from the Russian cap' tal years
ago Tand the newspaper with which he
was connected was suppressed.
Gorki's Election Is Annulled.
The news of the fate of the Major Bar
rett-was brought to this port tor'lay by'
Captain Johnson of the steamer Navajo,
from Boston, who reported that on the
22d, while between Hatteras and Birds
Island, N. C, he passed the steamer Ma-,
jor Barrett, which was on fire. He cruised
around the steamer, but saw no sign of
life. The sea was smooth, and as two
empty boats were adrift in the vlcinitv
it is believed the crf>w were rescued and
the boats then abardoned.
CHARLESTON. S. C, March 23. — The
unknown steamer reported afire yesterday
By the crew of the Oregon Inlet I\fe-sav
ing station in North Carolina, was iden
tified to-day as the oil steamer Major
Barrett, bound from Sabine Pass, Tex.,
to New York, though her port was Phila
delphia. It is believed that some passing
vessel rescued the crew or the stricken
ship, though no definite information to
this effect has been received here..-
to Have Escaped.
Crew of the Major Barrett Bslieved
BUBNING SHIP IS IDENTIFIED
be insoected by . the admiral. She will do
come Burveyine between the ipainland and
Honolulu and will then proceed to Pago Pago
to relieve the Abarenda.
The United States gunboat Wheellns sailed
yesterday for Macdalena Bay, where she w.ll
Wheeling Sails.
Strong northwest winds delayed the steam
shin State of California, which arrived yes
terday from the south, about three hours. Bhe
brought a large number of passengers. The
Spokane, which was delayed in quarantine at
San Diee-o. also arrived yesterday in charge
of a new crew, her original complement being
still In quarantine. - •»
Head Winds Cause Delay.
¦ i -The. Amertcah br.rk '-Carondelet will., take
north the cannery supplies and laborers, that
started aboard the Euterpe, which was com
pelled to put back for repairs. The Euterpe
Is at present at Mission Rock, discharging her
cargo. When she sprung her foremast several
plates were started and the vessel is leaking.
She will be placed on the dry dock as soon as
the carso Is out of her. It will be three or
four weeks before she Is ready for sea:
Will Take Euterpe's Cargo. -,
¦ The whaler Bowhead in still leaking.. She
•was on Hunters Point dry dock a few day*
ago and had a lot of her sheathins stripped
off to enable to calkers to locate a leak. The
leak was found, stopped and the sheathing re
placed. Another leak wes discovered ytster
day. The whaler was run ashore In the mud
off Second street, where an effort will be
made to-day to repair the new leak. IJotn
leaVs w?re In the bows and as the vessels
hull Is four feet thick locating a leak 1* by
no means a simple matter. , ¦ . . -¦
Bowhcad • Still I#eaks.
The Dilots ere preparing a welcome home
manifestation for Captain Steve Castle, who
will this morning be released from quaran
tine alenff with the officers and crew of th*
transport Meade. Castle took out the Meade
and was unsble to leave her at the. bar on
account of rough weather. The transport later
returned to port on account of sickness aboard
and Pilot Castle shared the fourteen days de
tention in quarantine prescribed by Dr. Cum
mings for all hands.
Release Comes To-3>ay.
The case of the Castle Rock is by no
means unusual. People responsible for
the safe transfer of perishable goods
from ship's hold to warehouse are get
ting to rely as a matter of course upon.
McAdie's opinion, always freely given for
the asking and usually correct.
"When in doubt ring up the Weather
Bureau, and ring it up anyway, if you
want to be on the safe side," has become
an important maxim for the guidance of
carjro handlers.
" 'No rain to-day.' he told me. 1 have
depended on his Judgment, and how
ever threatening the sky, have worked
the cargo when I would otherwise have
been afraid to risk It." ¦
"Mr. McAdie has saved the owners . of
that cargo from quite a- loss," said Ship
man yesterday. "Several times when . I
have telephoned • the sun has been shln
lftg brightly and to me rain seemed to
be Impossible. ¦
¦ " "You . will be safe for three hours,*
McAdie told me one bright morning. I
made my plans accordingly, and short
ly before- 1 o'clock, when the raln^ came
down in torrents, there was not a bundle
of cardboard on the dock.. He has also
saved us delay when the weather to me
looked like rain. .
The important part played by -this
branch of the Government service in safe
guarding the handling of perishable car
go : on open wharves is . not generally
known. Inspector Shipman - made it a
point every day while discharging the
Castle Rock to communicate with Fore
caster Alex G. McAdie before allowing
the stevedores to commence work. ' •
The British ship Castle Rock, which ar
rived here recently from. JAntwero,;.. has
Just finished discharging a large con
signment of. cardboard at Howard-street
Wharf. Cardboard is ticklish freight to
handle on an open wharf, owing to its
susceptibility to damage ; by. water. There
have been many rainy days since the
Castle Rock began discharging. In spite
of the fact, however, that cardboard was
handled virtually between showers not a
dollar of damage was sustained from rain.
Customs Inspector Shlpman, who super
vised- the discharging for the". Custom
house, declares that only the excellence
of the Weather Bureau service Raved the
cardboard from numerous drenchings.
On Tuesday morning the Algonquin came
back, but neither she nor the tug could
reach the wreck. The Ea's lifeboats had
all been carried away, but they had one
small boat left. Captain Garry ordered
this launched, and it finally put off with
fourteen men, who were' taken on board
the Alono.uin. The cutter then sent a
lifeboat off to the stranded ship and took
off the captain and crew. Thev were
taken t<J Wilmington. N. C, by the cut
ter and from there came to this city on
the Old Dominion ship. All on board
were saved except the captain's dog.
Tiger, and a cat belonging to one of the
men.
The same day the Wilmington, N. Cl,
towboat Alexander came along and tried
to go to the Ea's assistance, but could
not get alongside. Shortly afterward the
revenue cutter Algonquin appeared on the
scene, but she had to stand off because
of the heavy sea that was running.
By Monday the Ea's crew was in a bad
plight. The water tanks were broken and
either flooded with salt water or else run
dry. The stores were water soaked and
the seamen had nothing to eat. When the
cutter and tug reappeared Captain Garry
signaled for help, asking them to send a
boat if they could not 'run alongside, or
at least try to tlevise some means to get
supplies to the wreck. Neither vessel was
able to do anything for the crew's re
lief, as the sea was still breaking heavily
over the sands. The tug stood by the Ea
all night, while the cutter again put out
to sea.
The Ea left Fernandlna on March. 13
for Bilboa, Spain, with a cargo of rosin.
On Saturday morning, March 15, while
feeling the way in a thick fog with twb
lookouts forward and the captain and
both his officers on the bridge, the ship
brought up standing on the sand bank
Captain Uarry gave the signal for full
speeti astern as the snip grounded but
could not start her. No sea was' run
ning at the time, and the wind was light.
At 10 o'clock that night, when it was full
tide the captain tried again to back her
off. but failed. On Sunday a south-south
west gale came up and drove the vessel
farther on the bar. The wind kicked up
a heavy sea. wmch broke over the ship
with terrific force and she began break-
Ing up By daylight her back was broken
and she parted in the middle, tne for
ward and after ends settling in the water
and leaving her amidshlp nigh and dry.
with a gaping crack betweea the two sec
tions. . ¦ . . .
NEW YORK, March 23. — Captain W.
Garry of the Spanish steamship Ea and
his crew of twenty-seven men were
brought tQ this port to-day by the Old Do
minion liner Princess Anna. His ship",
with a broken back, lies on a sand spit
nine miles south by east from Cape Look
out light, on the North Carolina coast,.'
Forecast Official Keeps Tab
on Rain and Prevents
Much Dama ge.
Cre-w Passes Three DayB
Without Food or Drink
Aboard the Vessel.
Steamship Ea Strikes on
the North Carolina
Weather Bureau Reri
.-' ders Shippers Valu
able-Service.
SPANISH CRAFT
MEETS DISRSTER
M'ADIE'S TIPS
PROTECT CARGO
THE SAN FRAISTGISCq CALL,; (OViqKp.Ayr^
5
Steamer. I Destination. i Satis. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sail*.
______
March 24.
Spokane... San Dle&o & Way. 0 am|PIer 11
Sequoia Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 2
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier U
Alliance... Portland & Coos B. 1 pm Pier. 10
Empire.... Coos Bay 6 pm Pier 13
Columbia.. Astoria ft Portland 11 umiPler 2*
March 25. |
Santa Anai Seattle & Tacoraa.. 10 amlPicr 2
Phoenix...*. Mendoclno City 8 pmjPler 13
_ute*« faumboiat . .•••• 1 » uni,i'i«.r 1J
March 20. .1
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 r-m|Pier 2
btamotial. San Diego & Way.. U am Pier li
Chehalis. . . Grays . Harbor _. 5 pm Pier —
March 27.
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
CooaJBay.. Kan Pedro '&. Way. u amjPier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
San Pedro. Grays Harbor ..... 8 pm Pier 2
March 28.
G.' Dollar.. Grays Harbor |Pler 2
Cy of Para. Panama & Way Pts 12 m|PMS3
Leclanaw.. N. Y. . via Panama 2 pm|Pler 10
¦: . March 20. '
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 "m|Pler 10
I't. Armo.. Point Arena . .....| a pm Pivr J
Humboldt. . Skagway via Seattle| |Pler —
Peking..... China & Japan 1 1 pm|PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu .......... 2 pmlPler 7
Australia. . Tahiti direct :..... 10 amjPier 7
G. Elder... Astoria A Portland 11 auaiPier 2*
. March SO. -
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom B pm Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier. 2
Czarina. .. . Seattle & Tacoma '. . 5 pm Pier 8
March 31.
Newburgr.v Grays Harbor ..... .5 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
'or.
Sails.
Cty, of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. | Mar. 24
Excelsior.'... Cooks Inlet & Wcfy Pts.iMar. 25
Dtriifo....... Skagway & Way. Ports. Mar. 23
Dolphin...... Skagwny & Way PortB. Mar. »0
CottaRe City.: Ska* way & "Way Ports. Mnr. 31
0,- Time •• ¦ Time
• lT\V *" H W
24- *4S:37 ,¦ 1.1 12:06
H.W : L W
25* 0:16 .'5.4 0:10
26 0:40 0.2 .6:38
27 1:20 . B.I 7:41
28 1:52 4.0 8:28
20:1 2:22 4.7 0:101
30 I 3:01 4.5 10:12|
Time Tlmel
Ft. Ft Vi.
__L_W H W| .:-. :
fJO.l 5:40 1.3 ~~
A H W fa* L W "
1.0 12;B5 i 4.0 6:22 - 1.7
0.9 1:44 4.6 6:56 2.1
0.8 2:34 4.31 7:32 2.3
0.8 ,3:28 _¦ 4.01 8:12 2.8
| 0-0 4=29 3.0 "0:01 3.0
I 1.0| B:33 3.0110:04 3.0
Steamer. I Destination. i Satis. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sail*.
______
March 24.
Spokane... San Dle&o & Way. 0 am|PIer 11
Sequoia Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 2
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier U
Alliance... Portland & Coos B. 1 pm Pier. 10
Empire.... Coos Bay 6 pm Pier 13
Columbia.. Astoria ft Portland 11 umiPler 2*
March 25. |
Santa Anai Seattle & Tacoraa.. 10 amlPicr 2
Phoenix...*. Mendoclno City 8 pmjPler 13
_ute*« faumboiat . .•••• 1 » uni,i'i«.r 1J
March 20. .1
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 r-m|Pier 2
btamotial. San Diego & Way.. U am Pier li
Chehalis. . . Grays . Harbor _. 5 pm Pier —
March 27.
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
CooaJBay.. Kan Pedro '&. Way. u amjPier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
San Pedro. Grays Harbor ..... 8 pm Pier 2
March 28.
G.' Dollar.. Grays Harbor |Pler 2
Cy of Para. Panama & Way Pts 12 m|PMS3
Leclanaw.. N. Y. . via Panama 2 pm|Pler 10
¦: . March 20. '
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 "m|Pler 10
I't. Armo.. Point Arena . .....| a pm Pivr J
Humboldt. . Skagway via Seattle| |Pler —
Peking..... China & Japan 1 1 pm|PMSS
Alameda... Honolulu .......... 2 pmlPler 7
Australia. . Tahiti direct :..... 10 amjPier 7
G. Elder... Astoria A Portland 11 auaiPier 2*
. March SO. -
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom B pm Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier. 2
Czarina. .. . Seattle & Tacoma '. . 5 pm Pier 8
March 31.
Newburgr.v Grays Harbor ..... .5 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
'or.
Sails.
Cty, of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. | Mar. 24
Excelsior.'... Cooks Inlet & Wcfy Pts.iMar. 25
Dtriifo....... Skagway & Way. Ports. Mar. 23
Dolphin...... Skagwny & Way PortB. Mar. »0
CottaRe City.: Ska* way & "Way Ports. Mnr. 31
0,- Time •• ¦ Time
• lT\V *" H W
24- *4S:37 ,¦ 1.1 12:06
H.W : L W
25* 0:16 .'5.4 0:10
26 0:40 0.2 .6:38
27 1:20 . B.I 7:41
28 1:52 4.0 8:28
20:1 2:22 4.7 0:101
30 I 3:01 4.5 10:12|
Time Tlmel
Ft. Ft Vi.
__L_W H W| .:-. :
fJO.l 5:40 1.3 ~~
A H W fa* L W "
1.0 12;B5 i 4.0 6:22 - 1.7
0.9 1:44 4.6 6:56 2.1
0.8 2:34 4.31 7:32 2.3
0.8 ,3:28 _¦ 4.01 8:12 2.8
| 0-0 4=29 3.0 "0:01 3.0
I 1.0| B:33 3.0110:04 3.0
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
BING WORM AND DANDBTJPF.
They Are Each Caused by a Pestifer-
ous Grerm. :
Ring worm and dandruff are' somewhat
similar in their origin; each is caused by.
a parasite. ; The germ that . causes dan-
druff digs to-the root of the hair and
saps Its vitality, causing falling hair, and,
.finally baldness. ; Without dandruff 'there
would never.be baldness, and' to cure dan-
drufflit.is necessary to kill • the germ.
There has been no ¦ hair -preparation that
would do - this 'until, the % disco very of
Newbro's :•¦" Herpicide, which positively
kills^ the dandruff germ, allays itching
instantly, and make*, hair glossy and soft
as silk. At all druggists. Take no substi-
tute. .There is , nothing .''just : as good."/. |
This signataro is on every box ot the genuine
Laxative Brqmo-Quinine Tablet*
iht rcniody that cores a cold Is ose dojr,
, . " ' ¦¦¦ ADVEIlTISETVrENTS.
TELEPHONE Vftf^JEL HFlUS
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
-MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
BUHER, Fan^f. r H c rnery sqnare)28c
2 squares 75c
OTIVF'OIT "Santa Ana" |. n * 7c r
ULirC ylL, brand . Refl .85c DOI. I3C
Purest and highest grade
this State produces.
MACKEREL, Re?. 25c, each I5c
Kxtra mess— select white fish. . . ,
SALMON. IS!' tic; '¦ Re &*%*° $1.75
\ "Wild Flower. Brand." 2-lb flat tins.
Spring pack. Chinook.
CATSUP, "%ll Q r f bottle 15c
!*,!*& Co.'s pure.
VINEGAR, R c e ' a d «fe c 25cganon
YINhGAR, k g e Sr 35c gallon
CHUTNEY, Qt. bottle 45c
Indian condiment. Reg. 60c.
Full assortment.
FLAVORING EXTRACTS. L. 1. & Co.'s
.' 2-ounce. 6-ounce.
Vanilla ....Reg. 25c— 2Oc; 50c— 4Oe
Lemon Reg 23c— aOc; 40c— 80c
TOMATOES, sffipoX tin 10c
¦ S-lb tin. Reg. 12ftc.
SALT BOXES, Wood, Reg. 25c I5c
TOILET PAPER, Al Quality
"Victor" brand,pkgs.Reg.3-25c; 4-2I>c
"Queen" brand, rolls.Reg.3-25c; 4-25e
TJILET PAPER RACK. Reg. 50c 30c
For rolls— nickel plated— extra heavy.
AGATE KETTLE, b &j? a $ ?^ 75c
¦ Capacity 1 gallon.
COCKTAILS, "Sunset" brand.
Reg .......qts. $1.00-850
Reg..... pts. 60c— SOc
Miniatures each 10c
Awarded the gold medal at Paris —
S Martini. Manhattan, Whisky. Gin
, and Vermouth, j
SCOTCH WHISKY. ?,'& bottle $1.25
S!ater. Roger & Co.
Finest old Glenlivet.
GINGER ALE, •'Puritas" $1.20 doz.
Reg. $1.35. Equal to best Imported.
ROOT BEER, M Pnritas" ]& doz. $1.18
Full of sparkle and life. We allow
15c per dozen on return of all
empty "Puritas" bottles.
When Prof. Mn&Ton fays bis Dyspepsia Cur*
(Hit cure indigestion and alt forms of stomach
trouble he sun ply tells the trrth. It will core a
Hqraarh that has teen abused by overeating and
pver-drinlcing-. It will cure a stomach that has
been weakened by old- style drugs. It will do much
tonard making an old itorooch act like a sound one.
At all drurzists. 13 cents. Fifty-six other cure*.
Mu;.7-i, New York and Philadelphia.
BTinOJPS T^mtEB CUBES CITABBD.
Wk Eye Glasses are fitted with n
1 DOUBLE GRIP GUARDS I
k| • Patented.) W*
Wl Which never slip nor tilt, H.
ni and do not wound the nose H
W 64 2^M arket St* W
/ ™ ! fc UM, VIGOR, % ITAL1TY for ME H
MORMON BISHOP'S PILid
ffl^Sufc R^ have been In uaa over fifty
j^wv^fi^a years by the leaders of tha
IrewftlXfnaS Mormon Church and their
isS&S^iSMEgi followers. Positively cur« ths
K»vej}^ tJ , yj^a worst cases In old and young
Wv vs*. V »$i arising from effects of se-lf-
yb\^)flJ[&§ abuse, dissipation, excesses or
wEraS&fiifSK cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
TBKWSWnT Manhood. Impotency, Lost
WgiglJr Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pain* In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
, Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, r-* Varlcocele pr Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *J(i vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are m Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CCTT " ncy toevery func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs.
the brain and nerve centers: BOo a box; 6 Tor
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to euro or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fre«.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Kills St.,.
San Franclaco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third street. •
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S q^eat^
{HUSEUN OF AN&TOHY*
A . GB ' losi vaszxt st. tit. earn, s.r.cai. k.
\ ,C The Larrest Anatomical Museum In tbe \
fit _jy p»_ World. Weakneues or any contracteit A
V m3 Wi *s«»« »«»l«l»«lye»r«4 hjr the oldest T
Q #2$ &3 1 Specialist on the Cowl Eil 36 yeajs. Q
A Q%W*h DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
yfffl Consnltation free and stiietly private. \
W i jS'Hfl Tr *» In)ent personally or by letter. Aff
f I fftjll J^tttdn Cun la every cue undertaken, \
A P l7 lltft Write for Bn»k. rOILOSOPUT »t A
"a P.n*nnMGE, mailed freh. (at
\ A , iL-^T»luab!e book for mm) ¦ \
¥ DR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. P. Q
I^^Lft r >^ <^fc-'*^ J^^ "^^ J^^ "^^ '^tb ~^&r\ I
§ DR. MEYERS & CO,
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Eatablisbed 1S3L Cca-
f ultatlon and privaU boo«
trt« at ofllc* or by auik
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJU.
m BAHWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
v Via Sausallta Ferry
Commencing September 29. 1901. -,' 1 " 1 -
FROM 8AN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALXET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
.WEEK DAYS— 6:53, 8:30, *»:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 8:10. 4:15, 0:16, •9:10, 6:40 p. m.
KXTRA STRIPS— Fcr Mill Valley and San
Retail on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturday*
at 9:80 and 11:40 p. m. "
BUNDAYS— # 8:00. 9:00, »10:00, »ll:30 a. m..
•1:15. 8:15. •4:45. tt:30. 0:30 p.m.,
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27, 7:45, 8:35. 10:16
a. m.. »12:25, 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 0:30 p. m.
> . EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays, . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •8:00, •10:00, »11:45 a.:rr..
•1-40 "S^S, 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 8. 45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:33. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. to. - •¦¦«
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.>m.
SUNDAYS— S:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:08, 2:15,
3:30, B:00. 6:45 p. m.
" . THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. ' ''•-¦- ¦ .
1 -.45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. • . '¦•• ¦. ,¦ -.
•S:00 a. m.r Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. • t ' ¦ ' •"¦¦•¦
¦ Fairfax, Sundays— 8 :00, 9:00. 10:00. 11:30
a; m. : "
¦ Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran on
Sunday time.
VULy i^BBSi H IWJISG THEATEf
KVKRY E%*EXINO AND SATURDAY
MATINEE. -
fhe Kost Remarkable Dramatic Triumph In
Years.
L1EBLER ft CO.'S
IMMENSE PRODUCTION,
Hall Caine's Great Play,
"THE CHRISTIAN"
With I
EDWARD MORGAN
As JOHN* STORM, I
Assisted by ELSIE LESLIE as ~ GLORY
QUAYLE. .
EVENING S AT 8 SHARP.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARK
THIS WEEK and NEXT— LAST of
The Famous Musical Success,
— THE
Serenade!
MONDAY. April 7th. the Great
XEILSEN OPERA,
"The Fortune Teller."
POPULAR PRICES — Z5c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
STRENUOUS VAUDEVILLE!
PAPINTA; FBA1TK LXWCOUS 1 ;
SIMON, GAEDNEE AND CO.;
THE MELANI TKIO; GORMAN
AND KEPPLEB; FANNY BICE;
LES TBOITBABOUBS TOTJLOU-
SIANS, AND THE BIOGBAPH.
WITH CAUFOBNIA PICTUBES.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
t TO-NIGHT and EVERT EVENING THIS
} WEEK,
OUR 11000 STAR,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardou'8 Strongest Play.
"LA TOSCA."
The Most Talked of Play of the Age.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— "THE EMPRESS THEODORA. '•
ALL THIS WEEK— MAT. SAT.
HOLDfcN BROS.'
, NEW SENSATION and Mammoth Melodra-
matic Success,
THE
DENVER
EXPRESS.
SEATS READY
Next— AL. G. FIELD GREATER MINSTRELS.
. SEATS THURSDAY.
r Coming — WILLIAMS AND WALKER'S BIG
, COMPANY. -
BELASCO *"*> THJMJ&jfetfQjfe
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest Naval Drama Ever Written,
THEMAN-O'-
WARSMAN.
AN' ACTUAL KAVAL BATTLE.
A Wonderful and Inspiring Scene.
Startling Climaxes. Thrilling Situations. ,
PPIftC Evenings 10c. 15c, 25c. 35c. 50c
milLO Matinees 10c. 15e. 25c
Next Week— "THE SLEEPING CITY."
#T§k •?* U iff /I T O I^!r«A S»
Bel as co & Tha II, Manager*.
Ar* xt v a Tn "i* t
VTXVXLa A. A. XI L i ,
TO-NIGHT and All Week— Lest Nights.-
The Brightest and Cleverest Comedy This Year,
BEE THE PHONOGRAPH THAT ACTS!
A FUNNY SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c
Next Week— "BROTHER JOHN."
[FISCHER'S THEATER
OFarrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
JUST 1 OF
THINK I tT
| LIT LE CHftlS-lCPHE . \
Commencing Its SECOND WEEK. And the
sale eclipses the first one a thousand •
There will be NEW SPECIALTIES SONGS
DANCES, MARCHES. ' i
This for the children. At matinees we will
acrr.lt you for 10c hereafter.
Reserved Beats — Night. 25c and 50c. Matl-
ne«B, 25c anywhere.
Our sensation is th« Great WEBER &
FIELD'S productions that will begin on MON*
DAY, April 7.
& ROWE'T
Big Trained Animal
& HOWS
AT THE
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING AT
2:16 and 8:15.
RARE ENJOYMENT FOR YOUNGSTERS
AND OLDSTERa
UUU Animals. 3UU
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c: Children, 10c
Phone South 720 for Seats.
Do Ijippk Desirable location,
JL UiUvw unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
*|f|/l vice and • modern
ulfU conveniences are tbe
. attributes that have
|ff*Of|n made these two ho-
Vliullll tels popular with
tourists and travel-
nt\i~o\c er * who visit San
. , tiUlClj Francisco.
¦_ , ' BATLWAY TBAVffL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC).'
¦ r am mam r ie a w«: i*«;«».
(M»ln Line. Foot of Market Street)
tsATi — - From Fbbbpabt 9. 1901 — MMtarm
":O»a Benlcia, Sutsun, Elmir* and Sacra-
mento.... SiS3»
TsOOa VmcMlUe, WloUtm. Runner 7t33»
7:3»* ManlnB7,3»uH*mim,V»lleJo. Nap»,
UalUtoga und HinU Rom «:S3»
S:OOa I>»Ti*. Woodlmud. Knlgau L»adla«, ¦
Mirjstlllo, Orotllle 7i81»
SjO«* Atlantic KxpTww-OfdeH and Kaal S:33a
* SiO«a Nlles. Lathrnp, Stockton tt»if
•lOOiNUn, MendoU. Hanfoid. Ylsalia,
« Portfcnrllle K .. 4iO3»
¦iSOa Shut* Kxpreaa— Daris, Williams ftot
Eartlett Hpring»,\ Wlllowi. Bed
Bluff, PortkmT. 7M99
¦ iMttA S»ii Jue. LiTermore. .Stockton.
' ' v- 1. Ions. Hserameuto. Flac-Mills,
M»rya*l!ln, Chicn, lleilliliilT 4iS3»
SiSOa Oakdale, Chinese, flonora. Tuoluxnno 4:23»
Bioo* Harvard, KUes aud Way SUUous.. 1 1 i-V>4
SiCOa Valltjo l»l»3#
UiOO a Los Aaceles Express — Marline*. '
. . Traey, LaUirop. rttockkou, Mereed
Vreana aud Lea Angeles 7:83*
ViSAA V»i:,.|.i. Mwrllutnt anil Way StaMcni 7«»3»
loiaui Tha Overland Ui»lt«il— Ogdon. Ven-
- ¦ »«r, Oinalia. Chinmo »>S3»
fliOOr Saet-amento K1t«r flK)«m*r» |HiOO»
BittUr llentela, Wlnten, 8»or»mento, ¦'.<-
Woodland. KutghU Landing,
M.r»«Tll!., <)ro»!ll».... l«:3.1*
liSOr ITayward. Niks «urt Way SUUoes.. ?>39»
«io«r MarUiiux, Han lUmon, VaUaJo,
N*r». <:«ll»tu«a. Hanta Itoaa »•»•"» A
4i00r NUe«, Lirermon.. Steektoa, Lodl... 1*>»3*
¦*i!H»r H«rwaxd.NI!o», MaaJme, lirtrmam i»ta»A
4i«0r Tlio Owl IJmlWd <- FiMno, Tul»r«. ¦ ,'¦ . -
BakorsfloUl. Hangus for Santa Bar-
bara, Los A u*«l«s SiOSa ,
BfOt Port Costa, Tracr. L»throa Stockton H1U4
oi«t>pM*rt!n»«, Antloch, fl-.ockton, Mer-
ceJ, Fresno I»i83»
StOttpHarmud, Nile* and Saa Jose 7<034
(atOOp Valiajit Hl8»4
• i«»r Orlnntal Afall— Ogdsn, DenTK. _
Omaha, 8L Louis. Ohlcaco <|S9»
TiOOp Oregon aud O»Ufi>n>I» Uxi>r*u. H»u. .-'.'.
mniento, MaryiilUe. ICaililliic.
rorllnii.f. I'.tuBl Moitud and Xatt »iB»»
•t«Sr8«n Pablo, Purl C01U, Mutlaea
and Wa» Buttons lti«8*
jatOBr van»jo .V. Tisa? <¦
COAST IilNS (Narroir Usbr«)>
¦V (Foot of Market Street.) -
' •il3ANewart.C«ut«»ille.HanJoa^F»l»oa. '
¦ Bonld«rCxMk,ifau>t»Onuaa4Way
SUUous. ••»•»
ftil Sr Kswsrk. Cantert Ilia, Ban Joss, Ns*
' ilnmUn, FalUin, llouldur Creel;
8»»ta Uros and l*riadpa| Way
Buttons • !•*•&
4 ilSr Newark, ftea Jose, Los Gates t>>S«A
C*.S*r Hua ten' Tnln— San Jose and Way
Btatlons VT-***
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tn* III rUlOIICO-FMt sf Muiit Itnst (S!i| »)—
tl:lS 9;00 11:00a.M. 149 |iO9 Stllf.*.
ffi»Oiraij-/HUr|»w»iT.— f»:00 UM itM
COAST LINE (nres.1 G« B f»).
(Third utid Townsend Sta,) •
" «t I *a San Joseand Way BUtions.. ........ •<4«a
Ti««i. Han .lo«. «...l VI mf 8UU»ut. n •f»il»»A
/7io«a Now Alinadnii ... v .. / *il9»
. Sit«A Coast List Limited — Ban Jew, +\'r..,--/,
Gtlroy, Salinas, Ban Lola OMspa :
Baata Barbara, Los Angeles and
principal Intermediate statiou.... , X t»O»
•)§Oa Ran . Jote, Ttes linos. HauU t!ni«,
P»cltio drove. Salinas. Baa Lois
. Oblspo aud Principal iutermedUU
¦ • ¦¦ BUtfuns «fl»»
l«>3Ot Ban Jc»e aad W»jr Statlona. »tS«*
, I liaox Han Joaeaml Way HUtlime »i-**a
t»i<3* Ban Mateo, Itedwood. Manlo P»rk. :-¦ ¦
Palo Alto, flanta Clara, Ban Josa,
Trei PInos, Santa Cnii, Sallasa, .
Monterey and Paolfle GroTS t' Bf **4
StBMr Ban Joseand Way Buttons......... l»s»»
* Mtlftr flan Joieaml Principal Way HUII011S »!»•»
«(O*r Bnniet Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Fridaji. for Los Angeles, El
faao. New Orloans and New York.
ArriTes Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thandays m 18i1Sa
MitOr San Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
WayStaUons :.... t»iOva
»l3»p8auJn»««n.i Principal Way Stations •>SO»
lia«r Sun Josa Mid Way Stations 7«3«»
»i«*r New Orleans Xxpren— San Late
ObUpo, Santa Barbava, Los An-
cales. Dining. El Paso, New O»- ,
leans and K».»^.. llt«*t
ftll«»pSan Jose aud Way BUtlon 7>«—
A for Morning. . P for Afternoon.
I Bsnday exeeptad. J ftui«Ja» only. _
-*Jk*K$M enll. /.Tuesday! andJPiJdafBfc.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWISTEEN El. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
•1 RAILWAY COMPANY. ..
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
6an Francisco to Saa Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, f.OO, 11:00 a. m.; 13:33.
8:30, 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra
trip at ll:30- p. m. Saturday j— Extra trip*
ti at 1:80 and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:3<X 3:3*
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Franclsso* ..'..,;;
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:60. 9:20. U:10 a-nv;
12:45, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:«, 3:4%
6:05. 6:23*p. m. , . .
Leave | In Effect I ArrlT*
San Franclaeo. |Apr. 28, l&0l| San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination [ days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 5 :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm B:20pnt
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:25a n>
5:00pm Healdsburs. 10:40am
- Lytton,
Oeyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pr«
7 -30am 8:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
8:30pm 8:00am and Ufclaa . 7:35pm 6:20pm
- 7:30am . 10:40am 19:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
8:30pm S :00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm B:0Opm Qlen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pia
7 :30am I 8:C0am| ' |10:40am|10:2Sam
8:30pm| 6:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm{ 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruriat at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, - Porao, Potter - Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. . Llerley*s, BucknelTa.
Banhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Weetport, Usal.
Willita.- Laytonville, Cummina, Bell's Spring*.
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka,
• Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
JL C. WHITING, R. 3C RYAN.
. Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
.,,;.¦ ¦¦ :
Santa Fe
Trains—Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local | Llm'd I Ovrl'd Local
J Dally J Dally ) Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p T:1S p
"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 3:35 p 3:15al0:50j>
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalla... 8:S»p 5:0Oa
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
¦•" Kan, City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chlcago...| 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace- Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakers&eld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor- -
responding train arrives at 7 :06 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. ' m. Is the Overland Express, with
' through Palace and ¦ Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:0u p, m.
dally. ¦ -
7:20 a. tn. la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
' Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. Saa Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
IIOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausaltto Ferry Arrive
• San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
f • '-fllSt:— '»-' >«••* ¦ mi
F»f», Sm TmK\-r> t« Summit and ftrtsra. M *>• |
CWfcit OOwi, «11 «'«« null ud B»"S* TrT " WSMXX,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 SEABSY ST. JEstabllshetl
In 1834 for tbe treatment of l'rlvnto
Dl.w«e«. I'tMt Hanbofld. Debility or
dk*as<» wearlngon body anil mind and
Skin Dlsonses. Tbe Doctor cur«s w i>«n
others fall. Try him. Cnarftt low.
Cnrf.^aarnntffd. Callorwrtl*
Dr. J. *'. lauSON. Hau Jranctaco. Cak _ •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I DRINK
Natural Laxative Mineral Water.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
Over one thousand physicians , have
testified to the fact that
HUNYADI JANOS
will positively euro "Constipation and
all forms of Stomach Disorder) and
Liver Troubles. Taken in the morning,
half hour before breakfast, it will pro- .
duce a copious evacuation without
causing any discomfort.
BE SURE
you GET HunyadI JANOS. When buy-
Inr ask for Hunyadi JANOS (full name)
or yon may be imposed upon.
Bottle has Blue label with red center.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN CLO AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW3 SOOTHING SYRUP
ha* been used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHEKS for their CHILDREN
WHILE .TEETHING. .WITH PEIIFKCT SUC-
CESS. IT -BOOTH ES tbe CHILD SOFTENS
the OtnCS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and Is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists In every pa.it of
tii» world. Be sure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S fcOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKH NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle.
AMTUSEMLEITTS.
g££^ RACING
~|ag£«^=33&5gQr Every Week Day—
«r Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. .
Races start at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with train* stopping at tha . entrance ¦ to thu
track. La«t two cars on train reserved '¦ tab.
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. Ail train* via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. . Oak-
land, Also all trains via. Alameda tnole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. - These electric ¦ cars
CO direct to the track In fifteen minutes. ' ' ¦
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. in. and immediately after, the last
race. ¦ • . . • -.¦,¦.:..¦
r; THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mffr.SOME WELL-KNOWN YACHTING ENTHUSIASTS WHO WERE LARGELY. IN EVIDENCE YESTERDAY OVER
AT TIBURON WHILE A FLEET OF CORINTHIAN CLUB BOATS WAS PASSING THROUGH THE DRAW-,
BRIDGE FROM THE LAGOON WHERE THEY HAD WEATHERED THE WINTER'S STORMS. ..
son will close December 7. the teams
meeting as they do on the opening day
Oakland will play in thi3 city on May
30, July 4 and September 9, meeting the
San Francisco aggregation.
The members of the home team are
spending the greater part of these days
at Recreation Park. They are practicing
steadily, many of them having done no
work on the field for several months, or
since the close of the season in the East.
The schedule follows:
THE schedule of games , to be
played by the four teams which
make up the California Baseball
League is presented herewith.
The opening games of the sea
son will be played in this city and In Los
Angeles on April 6." The San Francisco
team will meet the men from Sacramento
here, while Oakland and Los Angeles will
cross bats in the'southern city. The sea T
Dates Are Announced for Games to Be Played by
California League Teams During Eight Months'
Season, Which Commences First Week in April
BASEBALL DEVOTEES MAY STUDY
THE SCHEDULE FOR THE SEASON
OUTDOOR PASTIMES ATTRACT MANY SPORTSMEN FAR AFIELD
COURSERS FROM GEARY'S KENNELS
CARRY OFF HONORS ON THE FIELD
Sapling: etake, deciding course — T. Sullivan's
Maid o' the Glen beat M. C. Delano's Canary
B-S. - • •
Special ' Etake — A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat J.
Sheridan's Forest Queen.' 6-1; A. R. Curtis"
Charta beat O. Zahl's Homer Boy, 2-1; Ala
meda Kennels' Merrimac beat J. Carroll's
Master Clair. 5-1: A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord
beat P. Mullarkey's Mamie Pleasant, 5-0; A.
U. Curtis' Anchor beat Alameda Kennels' Mel
rose Lad. 6-0; P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter
beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist, 4-0; H.
H. Gray's Rona beat Chiarini Bros.* Tame
Tralee, 5-4; E. Geary's Roy Kughie beat A.
In the deciding course of the sapling
?takc Conroy was made a 2 to 1 favorite
over Maid o' the Glen. The latter won by
ft score of S to 3. She is a month older
than the black dog, and showed it in the
running of the course.
The detailed results of the day's cours
ing, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow: *
OREYHOUXDS from the kennel of
Eugene Geary distinguished them
selves in the open stake yester
day at Union Coursing Park.
Four of them were entered and
they defeated every dog they met until
tbe quartet had no more dogrs to conquer.
Under the conditions the stake had to be
run to the end, so they were drawn one
against the other, although /the first four
prizes had already been won. Under these
conditions America beat Ireland and Ruby
Sankey beat Fair Oaks.
In the deciding course America carried
off the honors, defeating Ruby Sankey
by a score of 11 to 3.
For a time It seemed the same state of
affairs would prevail in the special stake.
Of the eight oogs left in the third round
four represented the Curtis Kennel. Con
trary to expectation, the first three were',
defeated, leaving Narcissus the sole rep
resentative of the Santa Clara coursing
man. He proved equal to the task im
posed upon him, defeating Tralee Boy
pointless in tbe semi-nnal and shutting
out Vandal In the deciding course. The
loser in each of these courses is owned by
T. J. Cronln. Narcissus had one minute
less coursing during the day than Van
dal and showed great speed and deter
mination. .. ...- ....
Capture the First Four Places in -the Open Stake
at Union Coursing Park—A. R. Curtis' Favvn Grey
hound Narcissus Wins Special Event Cleverly
R. Curtis' Leola, C-l; A. R. Curtis' . Narcissus
beat F. Jones' Wedgewood, 4-0 ; ? Pasha - Ken
nels' Roman Athlete beat- J:- Carroll's /Auck
land. 3-2: T. J. Cronin's' .Vandal -beat ' T.
Burke'e Agg-Ie W,' 4-2; Pasha 'Kennels'- Rocker
beat P.' M. Clarkson's Sofala, 5-2; T; J. Cron
in's Tralee Boy beat Chlarlnt. Bros.- - Dewdrop.
8-1; A. R. Curtis' Flyine Fox, beat Sterl &
.Knowles 1 FVeeze : Out, 8-4;. Sterl A Knowles'.
Cold Shivers beat 'A. R. Curtis'. War Eagle,
5-3; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha .beat Alameda.
Kennels' A. J. Martin;, 7-4,. : " ';¦ :- ¦ ¦¦¦: ¦- .
Second round — Luxor beat Merrlmac, 8-7;
Charta beat Golden Garter, 6-6; Rona beat Lost
Chord, 6-3; Anchor beat Roy Hughie. 9-7; Nar
cissus beat Roman- Athlete. 5-2; Vandal beat
Rocker. 5-4; Tralee Boy beat Flying Fox. 4-0;
Cold Shivers beat Bonnie Pasha, 6-1. - ¦: ¦.
Third round— Rona beat Luxor, 3-1; -Vandal
beat Charta. 7-6; Tralee Boy beat Anchor, 5-2;
Narcissus beat Cold Shivers, 3-2.. ,r ; : «
Fourth round — Vandal beat Rona, 4-3; Nar
cissus- beat Tralee Boy, 4-0. . . -^
Deciding course — Narcissus beat Vandal, 3-0.-
Open" stake — J. S. Badt's Lovlna : beat J.-
Dempsey's Jingle Bells. 9-5; J; Horn's Mc-
Henrj' beat F. Rosenberger's - Lady Chiquita,
9-7; P.J. Reilly's Honesty beat W. C- de B.
Lopez's Pepita, 3-1; Chiarini Bros.' White Hat
beat J. Hurley's Gramercy, 21-11; E. Geary's
America beat Alameda 'Kennels' Lilac, 7-3: C-
Plckard's Bright Gold beat Pasha Kennels''
Real Lassie, 4-3; -P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brum
mel beat J. Morlarity's Snapper Garrison. 7-6 ;
E. Gearj-"B Ireland beat Pasha Kennels' Roval
Archer. C-4; U M. Connell's Black Coon Beat
C. G. Whallon's Gilmore, 10-2 ;,E L. Hath
away/s Bridget Cleary beat J. J. KeenanV
Lundin Links. 21-10; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto
beat J. Hurley's Shylock. Boy. B-0;E. Geary's
Fair Oaks beat J. Moriarity-s Klttleman. 18-3:
Chtarinl Bros.' Santonin beat H. L. Meharry's
Roxana. 5-4; P. . Doyle's Liberator* beat T
Coleman's Cotton BaIl.-21-10r E.Gearj-'s Ruby
Sankey beat C. O.- Peterson's Haphazard, 5-0-
F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat D.'Toland's
Pleasant Girl. 7-0. . .-
Second round— McHenry beat Lovlna, 6-i-
Honesty beat . White' Hat, 4-0; America' beat
Bright Gold. 4-0; Ireland beat Miss Brummel.
S-5; Black Coori^ beat Bridget Clean. 25-8
Fair Oaks beat Prompto. 12-10; Liberator beat
Santonin 1.-12; Ruby . Sankey beat. Harlean
Gladys. «-3.- - . ,
Third round— America beat McHenry. 8-0;
Ireland beat Honesty. 4-0; Fair Oaks ' hn
Black Coon. 12-6; Ruby Sankey beat Liberator!
Fourth round— America beat Ireland, 4-1 •'
Ruby Sankey, beat Fair Oaks. 3-1.
Deciding course— America beat Ruby San-
THE SAN FRiVlSTCISCO CALL,, MOKDAYy -^M^C^\-24;C'1^02i:
V MEMPHIS, Terin.,'; March -23.— Charles
W. : Meyer;? Schorr's crack three-year-old,"
and iSarner, -aX four-year-old VfromV; the
same stable, • broke down this "morning; in
t» el £-» Preliminary : work •¦- at Montgomery
Park. -The Injuries to. the horses are ;of
such a nature that no further effort will
De made to train them for some time -
Schorr's i Horses ; Break' Down".
Amateur Boxers in Competition.
The regulars monthly amateur boxing
exhibition 'of ;the^ San Francisco
Clubwill-be held; in the club "gymnasium
next ¦ Friday • evenin g. •;. Matchmaker Alex
Greggains: has some new boxers ; who are
expected to show, good sport:- The com
plete :list follows: ¦ , . / ¦ ' -•;. • V. -, -"<
: Henry: ShVean: vs.. George^Kolb. 105 pound?-
AlMeJaivs.^ Monte Attcll, 10$ pounds; Ole An
sen I vs." Joe Reg-an." 115 pounds ; Al Fickett vs
Jack.* Cordell - 128 ;• pounds ; George Eralatz vs'
Ceasar Attell. 130 pounds;' William McDonald
«-^ Joe , Ca i rter> 13 ° Pounds; ? A1' Young ,vs: Tom
McGreal. 145 pounds;. Jack Sullivan vs. -Jack
Dunn,- 170 pounds. ; -««.*
CHARLESTON. S.\C., March 23.-X C. '
Jaudon wired 'ijTew^York parties • to-day
offering , a guaranteed -,' purse of ; ;25,CO0 in
cash Tor 70 per ; of [ the gross" gate re
ceipts ¦ tb -have "sthe r twenty-round^ glove
contest between Jeffries ; and ¦ Fitzslmmons '
on May 15 decided on the grounds of the:
South Carolina 'Interstate -and West In
dian Exposition," in > this city.' . -•
Charleston '.-.Wants Jeffries.
TOM SHARKEY REFUSES
TO PLAY SECOND-FIDDLE
Will Not Meet Jeffries in I.os An
geles — Century Club Is After
Denver Ed Martin. ' ¦
LOS ANGELES. March 21-There Is
some talk to-day of the local promoters
opening negotiations with benver Ji.d
Martin, the colored pugilist,. -looking to
hts meeting- Jeffries In a right to bo held
the first .week in May.
Fltzaimmoris has been dropped for good,
and Sharkey's manager telegraphs - the
sailor "is not playing second fiddle to
anybody, and i3 matched to fight in Lon
don." The proposition to- give a chance
to. Denver Ed Martin was broached thia
afternoon.- It . has been suggested that.
Jeffries being willing, negotiations will
be opened with the colored man's man
ager some time to-morrow.
will appear. Billy Wooda. the Loa An
geles colored boxer. Is scheduled tor tba
other opener with Cyclone Kelly.
s A. J. Webb Makes the Highest
Average for the 'Day
The monthly shoot of Empire Gun Club
postponed from the 9th inst because of
bad weather, was 1ield yesterday at Ala
meda Point. A: J. Webb shot In fine
form. The results in detail follow:
Ten-bird race— Hodapp 7. % 9; Webb 10 0
fi. O; Dr. Gere S; Frank 5. 8; Lepoids 6 7 «'•
Uobertnon 8. 7. «. 9; Hauer 8. », 8; Iteed 6 B
Ci. 7; Van Prooyen B, 4, fl; Cullen 9 7 ' g*
Allen 8. 7; Ernigh 6, 7; Leavell 8. 5 fl' 8-
Harrison 5. 6, 7, 7; Se&rles 4, 7, 8. ' '
Five pair (double?)— Cullen 7, Keed 8 Swales
C. Searles 4. Hauer C. -.TT ow ; ale9
Fifteen-bird pool race — Hodapp 9, Leavell in!
Finn O. Harrison 7, Swales 9. . First money wa«
won by Leavel! and Eecond , money i by Swales
In the shoot -off. -.,-•-- .--.•
Club championship diamond medal ! race 25
birds— Swale* 20. Reed 18. Dr. Gere 12, Hauer
13. Balrd 22, Juster 13, Fish 21. " Leavell 11
Harrison 13, Allen 11.- -Webb ; 23. Cullen 18*
•earles 18. Robertson 16, . Hodapp 22. Lepolds
The shooters were arranped In classes accord
«K to taeir scores in the medal race and a
Willie is not a bit, alarmed about the
event. He tells his' backers he will keep
the lad at work all the time they are
standing up/ . ..
;~The contest is for fifteen rounds. Su
perintendent feels confident the
club patrons and members , will have an
evening of first class sport.- *
; A -cpuple .-- of " eight-round events ' Will
open the programme. , Fqr the first pre
liminary* Frank. George and Billy Bevert
OAKLAND, March 23.— When Kid Mc-
Fadden, and Willie Snallham' meet Tues
day night at the Reliance Athletic Club'a
boxing tournament the ring followers ex
pect, to witness something.; out of : the or
dinary. McFadden is makinR a record for
his faithful work in training. He knows
Snailham' is about as likely a youngster
as he /:ould be sent against.
Its Boxing Tournament.
ally Interesting Programme for
Reliance .Club Offers an Excsptioa-
SPOET FOR FANCIERS
/ OF THE -RliTGSTERS
Battle Over; Again.
The Welter-Weight' Boxers Meet by
V Chance and Enjoy Fighting the
EMPIEE CLUB SHOOT.
Selections for To-Day.
First . race — Loving Cup, Candoros, Isallne.' .
Second • race— Lady Sterling, Rey ; Dare, Im
promptu. , > ; , .. : ; . . v -.-..<,
Third race— Arabo, Altawan, ; Delsegnd... .-
Fotitth race— Quiet, Waterscratch, ( - Duckoy.
. Fifth , race — Janice," .Position; Colonel ¦ Bal-
JantyneV'". • ¦-¦•¦ -¦
"Sixth race— Limelight, .Louwelsea,' Galan
thus. i'-'t ' ¦ i>'< , - ¦. . ,. ¦' ¦
Adopt American League Bules
CHICAGO. March 23. - La St year's
American League rules will govern in the
leading Western universities' IntercolloVi
ate baseball this year. Joe CantiUon t fc
form er American League umpire will
probably officiate at the col^e game
These points came out to-day5s the re :
suit of an interview between Director
George Huff ¦ of Illinois and D rector
Stagg of the University of Chicago -
$15 puree was contested for under a distanca
handicap ranging from 10 to 22 yards"
t-. F^V class— Swales 12, Webb 23, Baird 15
Fish 15. Hodapp 12. Webb having the highest
Cl t a h S e 8 '^S
Third class— Mr.- Lepoidi being (alone in this
class took third money. ; He shot £ut his score
from the. 10-yard mark, scoring If breaks -•
Ju«ter (10) 14: Leavell (16). 127 • , '' 18>
Special handicap prize r gun — Swales . (20
record medal— Swales 0. ', Reed 11 '
? a^fJ>,S I f avel V, 0 ', 8 l arIe8 Eearle, 8. Fish
0. Fish 1. Leavell 1. Swales O.Htuer 9 I*»-
Sim. O tt RMd had t hehlgh «core *or the da*
with Haner second. • y '
Al Neill and "Rube"; Ferns met'at the
Beach Tavern \ yesterday j and : exchanged
some .pleasant -repartee over ' their;meet
ing on Friday^ night. '.
Ferns is 'still a sight from the effects
of the - beating • he received, . his face . being
fastened togetherln several- places- with
bandages. - This -: puts him. at. a decided
disadvantage as ; a , conversationalist : or
mimic. ! -' . '¦/.';,;*'•:-;:.,
Neill .'complimented 'him as being -.the
hardest man - to . beat ¦ he ¦¦' had 1 - ever - met. .
Ferns tried: to explain - that • had . it f not
been- for . the •* malaria', in > his t system . the ¦
result would have been • different. , v- --¦-
Neill came back with the statement that
Ferns was ' Just 7 the ;. height < of : man . for
him to fight, as she could not miss .him.
: "Young Mitchell,'/ ' .who:, was v present,
said all credit- for -keeping; Ferns, going
so £ long „ was •¦-¦ due - tor the cleverness g of
Manager Hanley, who was in his corner,
aiuiough not acting as a second. s ¦•
Ferna explained how he felt. at the be-
NEHi/\ AND RTJBB FERNS ..
* EXCHANGE BEPARTEE
Singles— Dick. Adams b«at; Ray Cornell 6-°
C-0, 0-2, 6-3: Sidney Salisbury and Orvlire
Pratt tied. 4-6. . 3-6. - 7-5. - 6-4; FV Jonesbeat
George W hippie, G-3. 6-4;<A. A. -Moore hont
M. Cerf . t 4-U. -, C-4, C-4 : a: SVorthln^on baa t
Bull, -.(15). '-.0-3;- Dr. Lane . beat • L ' I T Wood
0-1; G.N..Armsby f b*at Wood; 6-0,'aM d'
?V.^°? d .' G - 2 ' °: 0: -V»ne b^t w. 0. Wayman
Doubles — Worthlngton ', and : Cerf bent ' t™.
Daily and- Bull. 6-3. 0-4; Whipple . and Jonel
beat Salisbury and Pratt. 6-3, 6-2,!l-6- WoT
ington beat Bull ¦ and Cerf, 6-2.: C^Or.jr ' • "
Twenty-six tennis players participated
In the/ class singles tournament held yes
terday on Golden Gate. Park courts. ¦
'William Allen won in the first-lass: In
the; second class George Greehoifeh «nd
A. •v.Melrose. will meet in the finals. Al
len's victory. was a surprise, as there were
& her c « Ufoi ; nla Clu{> men" on thl
lists who rank a class above him. Allen's
clubmates'who participated were W. B.
Collier and H. Hastings. Routh and Dun
i, P *U ' k e * bes l of J he park Payers, were
.both. beaten by the club men. Following
is a .summary of the tournament: -
_ First class: "First round— W. B. Collier beat
Charles Dunlap. 0-4, 0-3; H. Hastinpa beat
T . W. Tetley. 0-0.4 6-1 ; 'Harry Routh beat
Ca'm^^ 1^- 4 - fi " a ; W$*Z$
. Second roun<l— Hastings beat' Collier 0-3,
C-o; Allen beat Routh, tt-l 7-B ...
Final— Allen beat Hastings. 7-5 ' 6-1
Second class : First round — George . Grf en
ough beat Dr. Kamp. 0-4 4-0. 0-2: H Baer
1'eat J. M. Baker. 3-B. 6-1. 6-2; L. C. Bozart
boat Clear. (5-2, 6-1: AV. F. Staff beat Eacret
by default;' Leo Kaiser beat. Guy; Lytton 6-4
0-4; C. S. Gayness beat Findendest. 6-0- 6-4- K
Man- beat J. F. Brady." 6-0, 6-1; Ed Finnlzari
beat A... Beyfuss. 6-5. 6-3; A. Melrose beat
I> ted. Sherwood. - U-l. 0-2. ¦ )¦
¦ Second round — Greenough beat Baer 6-0 0-4-
Staff beat Boiart, 6-2. 0-6. 0-5; Kaiser 'beat
Gayness. 4-6. 6-4. 10-8 ; Marr beat Finni B an,
0-3.- C-0, 6-4; Melrose a bye. ¦ ... T?
Third round— Greenough a,bye;. : Kafser beat
Rtaft. 0-1, C-6, 6-1; Melrose beat Marr 6-2.
Seml-flnal— Greenough a bye; Melroae beat
Kaiser; 6-3, 0-1. , . ..-,.-,
Final — Melrose : vs. Greeneough. Allen th«
winner of the first class : will allow -odds of
"halC thirty" -to the "winner of the Melrose-
Gtienough match. -^ ... -
The following matches were played on
the California Club courts: •¦.•*• ¦
Carries Off Honors in
Golden Ga'te- Park
Tournament. :
Fifth race— Mile and a sixteenth; the East
Oakland Handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward: _¦ - .
.3403 The Fretter. ..108 (33ai).Taiilce .'.'...'.. 112
3i*i Position/...... 112 i 3447 Frangible .... 05
.3447 Col. Bairtyne.104" •; > ' .
\ ¦ .- | ¦ , . ¦ ¦ . - •- .
Sixth race — Mile and fifty yards; selling;
three-year-olds ¦ and , upward : ¦
3477 Hungarian . .".109 3481 Free Lance.. .109
3455 Light Ball....lC5 3380 Louwelsea .... OS
3477 Limelight ... .IO« 3477>El Mido. ... . ..10fl
(3475)Lento .....'... 100 3404 Malaise'. ;;.. .104 '
3472 Marshal Nell.. l(ir.3471 1 Galanthus ...102
'3455 Morengo ......100' 3459 Klckumbob ..100
Fourth race— Six and a half furlongs; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward: ¦ .- •;¦:
3430 'Waterscnitch ¦ OS (3470)Duckoy ......106
3483 Sly .110 34C3 Bragg .... 100
(3472)QuIet ........ 98 •.
Second race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward: ' ' - •
(3470)Rubus ...104 3470 Mild. Schultz. 9C
3452 ETea G ... 9* 8408 The RInser. . ..110"
8462 Antolee . .. 111 34G0 Ulloa ....¦..•..108
3479 IClnar Dellls. ..113 3470 Dorian ...... .113
3390 Rey Dare.... .Ill 34(52 Kitty Kelly.. .110
3449 Lady Sterllng.102' 3453 Impromptu ..114
Third race — Four furlongs; - selllng; two-year
olds: -... . . - )
8233 Orrandie .....104 3400 Delsegrno .. ...10G
3474 Gulda ........103 3458 Altawan .;...1O3
34fl9 Donami ......110 343t Arabo . .' 1J0
3474 Clarinette ....10" 3451 'The Phantom. 98'
. 3461 J. II. Bennett.103 3461 Fire Dance. ..:102
3474 Escarola .....100 345G Dotterel ..:.., 103
( Oakland Track Entries.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events at Oakland racetrack:. ¦..
First rane— Five and a half furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and • upward : • . .
3478 Lief Prince.. .107 3473 El Filar. 07
3478 Canderos 113 3240 Claire White.. 102
3206 Isallne ..Ill SI07 l.it.-Mlnch Jr.113
3324 Ilowaho .. 05" 3478 Valenclenne ..111
3478 Loving Cup.. .100 3200 Newsaatherer 108
3145 St. Rica.. 100 31S0 Victoria S 90
2007 Alas 10H !
ginning of the' sixth round. ' Tim Mc-
Grath told him to "block up," and if
Neill slugged to slug back^ Ferns says
he had no control ¦ over his arms he was
so weak, and could not have slugged had
his life depended on It.
tbe Efforts of the
Rcd-WieldersV
1 . . -. . .¦ - ¦ >A-r;' -
High-Class Work > Marks
There was lively competition among the
members of San Francisco Flycastlns
Club yesterday at Stow. Lake. Golden
Gate Park. \ The attendance was large
and "the work of'.the rod-wielders high
class. The scores, in detail, follow: .
Truant/Freda, May, Presto, Aeolus. Gen
esta, Edna, -Mignon, Fleet . Wings, Royal,
Stella, Emma, Rover, Ciara, Harpoon,
Mist, Mischief and Merope. All the yachts
passed out quickly and without mishap
except the yawl Royal, which struck the
bridge and splintered off a piece of her
.bowsprit. The raising of the bridge was
superintended by "Port Captain John H.
Keefe, assisted by Bookkeeper John Nor
by, F. E.'Schober and others.
After, the yachts had come out of the
lagoon four or five arks were towed out.
among them being. El Bonita. Bat and
Utopia. The -last named was 'carried
against the bridge cornerwise and carried
away part of. her railing. As 4 the sound
ALLEN PROVES
FAST AT TENNIS
A few yachts still remain in the lagoon.
It is said that the bridge will be raised
again next month to give them an oppor
tunity to come out. If the bridge should
not be raised the masts must" be unstep
ped to permit the craft to pass under the
bridge. • A - • ¦
The new San Francisco sloop the Chal
lenger was under. sail yesterday. Her crew
will soon be chosen and will almost cer
tainly include W. G. Morrow. W; !M
Edgell. G. T. S. AVhite, J. R. Savory and
J. Austin. .
... . v , ;rz -f
of splintered wood and . broken ¦• glass
struck their ears some of the spectators
backed away, .but no serious damage was
done. • ¦ i.-
FLYCASTERS MEET
IN COMPETITION
* CHILLY north wind was blowing.
/\ at noon yesterday when the draw
/^\ bridge at Tiburon was raised to
A. }Jk let the yachts out from their win
ter quarters in the lagoon.' The
yacht-owners ' had gone over by earlier
boat, and as soon as the draw was raised
had their towllnes ready for action:
The launches Crescle, Helen,, C.'^..Mc-
Nelll, Satellite{and Racquet rendered val
uable service iV^towing the" yachts. The
first to leave the lagoon was the yacht
Spray, which was succeeded by the fol-
lowing craft in the order named: Dis
covery, Frolic, Rambler, Diana, Thetis,
Revolver, handicap— J. E. Gorman 92. 88. 83,
W. Si; F. S. Washburn 90, 85, 87- P A
Becker 00. 81; ; J. W. Tompkins 81, 80 77;" 7*.
4J »0; J. Kullmann 76. ¦ . . .
Pietol. handlcan— J. . E. Gorman 92; F. S.
V l»shbura 92 01. 88. 92: G. W. Hoadley 8°,
Red Men s.'-'Bchuetzen Companj-. , monthly
meflal shoot — Champion class, C. Oldae aso-
Jhiit class, H. Boehlmann 845; second class'
George Wagner 359;' third, class. L. Bernstein
236; fourth class. lieutenant Henry SchuU 271°
best ftrst shot, Captain" Henry Grieb 24; best
last shot, John Stelner 25., - \ \ "
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club. monthly
medal shoot— First champion class F p
Schuster 435- second champion «lass, not 'won '•
first class. D. Salfleld 410; second class not
won; third claa 8 , Henr,' MeyeT 372 ? O urth
clasn not won: best first shot. H. Huber "t
best last shot. F. P. Schuster 23 ' " UBCr "*•
nf°?J n n? ny% i A ' Fl ™t In^ntry. National Guard
?• ai^^ l . la ' m " nth ly medal shoot— Captain
G. C. Dallinjrer 36, Sergeant W F Kav a?
tfcTnh ¥ U^ h> ;^", -^ rSeant SchoVnfefd
n.V. Corp S al G - Stah1 ' $°> Corporal Joseph
O'Hara 39. Corporal W. BrWn. 33 Corporal
P. B. Kyne 31, H. E. Shreve 7^C. Hyden "ft
Corporal J. Dougherty 19. T. Llna 14 o d'
Lleb 30. F. Delameter 13. W. Herbst 30 C n
Smyth_22. W. Williams 29. M. .1 Duffy 2»"
W. Deasy 21. J. J. Hardy 35. J. RHey 32
Company H, First Infantry National Guard
of California monthly medal shoot— Lieutenant
Driseoll 83. Sergeant Mallett 28, Sergeant J
L.. Swift 42 Corporal G. Hirsinger 2^ Corpomi
E. Riley 2\ .Corporal E. Valento 30.' CorSoral
T. ; Browne 21. Musician J. C. - Bech er - 2^T
Alfonso 19, H. Cassens 22, -W.^D1nneenl« B
s?o^ 25 ' J - ***** * a:
The day's scores . follow:
Germania Sehuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot-D. Salfield 125, ft Huber 183. J. Utschig
lho. A. Gehret 243. F. E. Mason 403 E
?°?% e ,Vr- ?'• Morken 42». O.
L N. Ritzai 546, D.. B. Faktor 623. F. 1»
Schuster 04^1 W. Goetze 705. *- r-
Germania Schuetzen Club, competition shoot
—A. Gehret 74, L. Bendel. 73, D. B. Faktor
&•¦¦& l*R *?•«-*• K Mason C9. X.AhPens
«|. D. Salfleld 6i. A. Jungblut 68/ H. Huber
Ten-shot trophy shoot — F. E Mason 223 A
Xt^t'l*' Sk*' Schu «er 211.- AT Gehret '221;
H. Huber 210, O. Bremer 207f E. H. Goetze
203. N. Ahrens 204. L. Bendel 203.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. monthly
bullsej-e shoot — X. Ahrens 135 O. Burmeister
205. U Bendel 233. L. N. Ritzau 201,™ Mor
ken_432 O. Ivemcke 064. A. Mocker 004. F.
C^ Rust 002. J. C Waller 640. W. Ehrenpfort
046. A. Juneblut 674. E. Doell 709, J. Utschiff
/**• fi «? ln o 764. D Dunker 773. J. Woebcke
ftuZ-^ilh^* J ' Thode 817 - R "
H 1 e G d°a\ d t n ho G t! t r lfl R e: fl nanSfca^ t MV.? U^ I ar nt o h 0 1 7 y
209. 226; AV. F. Blasse 19oT »)0. 205 2^4 F
E. Mason 225. Gold medal— W. Ehrenpfort
174 190, 202. Silver medal-O. Bremer 204.
Glndemann trophy— D. W. McLaughlin 232,
• » • /" • islasse 210.
As usual on the fourth Sunday of the
month, the ranges at Shell Mound were
crowded yesterday with marksmen from
morning until sundown. The shooting
was unusually good In general, the con
tests for places being. close and exciting."
Dave Salfleld of the Oermanlas made
one of the best bullseyes of the season.
Measurement showed it to have a varia
«£2 Zl on , ly S?%£ NIck Aherns won the
first prize in the San Francisco Schuetzen
\erein shoot, with a bullseye measuring
f^tt^r^W' a A usual - d »d the best work
for the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club,
ihe other organizations represented
vfS 6 w e . Sw o is ? R lfle Club of Oakland,
Ked Men s Schuetzen Company, Nord-
i e «^ Ch TS r ?? huet T Ze . n Club and Companies
£t <?u* irst Infan tO". National Guard
or California.
Six-bird 1 pool, high pins dividing the money.
Scores:
Haieht '_ 1 1' 0 2 2 2—6
Donohoe 2 2 112 2— «
McMurchy 1112 2 2 6
Jackson ...._...... 1 2 1 2 2 2 0
Creyk 2 2 2 2 2 2 6
Nauman .. 0 withdrawn
Dwyer ......^......;...... 1 2-2 1 0 2—5
O. Feuflner • 2 2 2 2 2 5
Plckett 2 2 10 0 0-3
6haw 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
Jackion 112 11 1— fl
SfT?* 11 20 1 2.2 2— «
Shields ..~...t-». 2 •• - 1 2-1—4
£«ith .' .....2 2 2 0.2 1—5
Rattles ....... :.:.;.l -l/.i. 1-1 0-S
°««le 1 11 i i-i-*
Whltehead 12 0 11 1—5
Forster ,.l..X...l 1 1 1— «
Six-bird pool, high euns winning. Scores
f, haw • .....2 2 0 2 2 2— C
Haifht :.......'.. 2 2*22 •— 4
O. Feudner ....;.;..,.;. .2 2 0 2 2 2—5
£«*>* •"• 2 0 0 2 0 2-,1
Donohoe 0 2 0 2 1 2—4
A- Jackson 12 0 2 2 1— «
McMurchy 12 2 12 2— «
G. Jackson 22212 2 A
Brownell 2 2 111 *—%
Pickett 2 • 12 l 5Z«
Smith "...'. o 0 2 2 0 2 3
McConnell 110 2 1 0=4
*£T%fZ ......12 0 2 1 -1-S
Shields - — 2 1 l 2.2 1^-4
Score** 1 ** PO ° 1 ' hlEh SUn * dIvldIn S the purse.
McMurchy .'. • 2 12 0 0 1-^4
Shaw-.: 2- 0 0 2 02—3
Donolioe 12 0 12 ills
O. Feudner o * * 2 2 9—Z
<££• V/.O 0 0 2 2 2=3
•I a c K son .............. *> * < no o k
=£2™* ::::¦:: * i 'i $ T 2=S
Fomer ............... ;;;. I \\\ \ fc5
•Dead out of bounds. 2— fecond barrel.,
At the conclusion of the six-bird pool
races, which furnished considerable ex
citement. Shield's, Shaw and Creyk tried
some fancy shooting: Two birds Instead
of one were liberated at the same time
from the trap and the shooters tried to
grass the two. In nearly every instance
one of the birds escaped.
The following scores were made in the
club shoot, in which the entries were
handicapped from 26 to 31 yards:
O. Feudner.. ...31 yards — 122222222022222 — 14
F. Feudner 29, yards— 111111112111002—13
Blade 28 yards— 121110211111221—14
Murdock 2S yards— 122211112211211—15
Karaey SO yards — 222212*20101222 — 12
Edgar Forster.-28 yards — 1122112*2212122—14
Shaw 30 vards-^- 222221222102202 13
A. R. Jackson.. 28 yards— 212122222222221— 15
Geo. Jackson :tO yards — 212211112122212 — 15
McMurchy 31 yards — 212J22221212222 — 13
H. Wagner .28 yards— 221112011112112—14
Neust&dter 29 yards — 221112211011021 — 13
Shields ...;.28 yards — 211111121*21121 — 14
W. L. GersUe...2tt yards— 2222001 12022222— 13
W. J. Golcher...2» yards— 210202212111211-clS
Phil Bekeart 29 yards — 02222212121*111— -J3
Drake 2G yards— 220)11212111210— 13
Browne!! 27 yards — 120221020111021 — 11
ICauman 31 yards— 222222212211221— 15
Donohoe 28 yards — 110111112112112 — 14
McConnell ..27 yards — 212210212012121 13
"\Vand« V ...27 yards — 102220010121121 — 11
Haigbt ' 31 yards — 210100221222222 12
Dwyer 30 yards — 110121120010002 — S»
The Golden Gate Trapshooting Club,
which includes in its membership many
of the best shots in the city, held its club
shoot yesterday at Ingleside ' live-bird
traps. Despite the fact that the birds
were all last fliers and were aided by a
brisk wind^a number of clean scores were
made. Murdock, George Jackson and
Kauman all succeeded in winning 1 gold
bars by making- fifteen consecutive kills.
A. R. Jackson and Harvey McMurchy,
who shot as guests of the club, also did
well. Both grassed fifteen straight. Sil
ver bars were won by F. Feudner and
Donohoe.
C. G. Creyk of- tbe Grand Crossing
Trapshooting Club, Chicago, also shot as
a guest of the club and acquitted himself
in a creditable manner.
Exciting.
Contests at Shell Mound
Are Close and
High- Class Work at the
Golden Gate Club
-Meeting. .
MANY EXPERTS
AT THE BUTTS
CLEAN SCORES
FOR TRAPSHOTS
Yachting Season of 1902 Is Practically Ushered In by the Raising W the
Drawbridge M Tiburon, Perrriitting Two Dozen Pleasure! Craft and
ySevefal Arks to Pass Out to Summer \Moorings in Belvedere Cove
CORINTHIAN YACHTS ARE RELEASED
FROM WINTER BONDAGE IN LAGOON
6
: -
>
I
|ss~~
SB. 8
S8
89.8
75,
84 ¦
89 *
87.8
74.8
79.8
90.8
80
93
'M, - .
5« I
7S
60.4
90.8
|00
85. 8
74.8
73.4
87.4
Dellca
•7'
V
-¦
P 1
<»
.?•
n
¦ i»
s
78
70. S
83.0
74.2
76.2
87.3.
84.2
84
84.8'
77.10
83.8
so:i
85.2:
78.8
7».1T
73.5
67.10
84. Q
83.6
83.4
82.3
77.4
76.2
CONTESTANT.
O. R. Kenniff...
F. E. Daverlcosen
J. Turner
Charles Huyck...
F. M. Haight...
J. B. KennlfT
W. E. Brooks...
E.-A. Mocker...
H. Battu......'. .
S. A. Heller.....
H. F. Mailer.:.:
T. H. Reed...;/.
W. D. Mansfield
E. Everett.'.
A. M. Blade.....
W. J. Klerulff.".
H. DlnkeUpiel...
H. C. Golcher..'.
C. O. Young....
T. \V. Brotherton
J. . Lawrence.....
T. C. Klerulff...
O. H. Foulki..;.!
98
106;
: 82
81 : 75 ¦"*¦
84:1 75
02.8 74 ;2
&'t.4 C5
77.4 75.10
88.8|85.10
03.4)75
88- M80 '
87T8 81..8
82. 4 13A
89 78.4
89.4 80.10
84 ¦- 87.0
SO. 8 70. S
82.4 77;0
71 - 70.10
C2.4 73.4
93- 75.10
87< 80
90' 7U.S
88.8 75.10
83.4 72.6
78 73.4
95.8
—:
110
9« |
90
90
04 ! 2
1 50.3
71. S
iO5
97 j
1 6 4 1 2
¦* ioi i
, 84
118
'90:
109]
I---
l^iT
ss!4
i ' ' -"-*
....I
At San Francisco.
At Los Angeles. I At Sacramento.
At Oakland.
Dates. I
! = ri_ . . -I • -- I
April 5 Sacramento Vs. San Fran Oakland........ ... „
April. 6 Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland
April 9 .....: ...... ••••"•• Sacramento va. San Fran.
April 10 Sacramento va. San Fran. Oakland r J
April 11 Sacramento vs. San Fran. 2 a ! t ! an '2 : '" .•"•.•:•;••••. • ,
April 12[Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland..; \--.. •
April 13 Sacramento vs. San Fran. "Oakland Sacramento vs. San Fran.
April 16| • • Oakland vs. San Fran.
April 1 1 Oakland vs. San Fran.:.. Sacramento • . r
April 18|Oakland vs. San Fran oacramento. .
April lOlOakland vs. San Fran Sacramento --. : i*-- : _; I"
April 20 Oakland vs. San Fran . 'Sacramento • San Fran. vs. Oakland.
April 2: :...: •• Oakland vs. Sacramento
April 24 Oakland vs. Sacramento. . San Francisco... ;
ApTil 25 Oakland vs. Sacramento.. San Francisco. .. •• ;
April 20 Oakland vs. Sacramento.. s an Francisco...
April 27 Oakland vs. Sacramento. . 'San Francisco Oakland vs. Sacramento
April 30 ••. • Los Angeles vs. San Fran.
May 1. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. ••• n £1 2* ""
May 2. Los Angeles vs. SanFran. •• ° £ \ a
May 3. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. J£E ™!!2'"'""* ;••"/•••"•
May 4. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. y Oakland L°» Ange es vs. San Fran.
May 7 .: ••••• •• £ m '\^li:iLl' m Los An 8eles vs. Oakland
May 8. Los Angeles vs. Oakland.. • f an C^S i S •-
May 9. Los Angeles vs. Oakland.. ••• ban Francisco
May 10. Los An B eles vs. Oakland.. •••• | an f™? 0 ' 300 "' ;• • • -"•• •' • «
May 11. Los Angeles vs. Oakland. v"^ n Francisco. . . Los Angeles vs. Oakland
May 13 .......... Los Angeles..
MayH. \Y.Y.\\Y.7:.'.Y.'.\'.""\'" Los Angeles Oakland vs. Saii Fran* " * "
May 15. Oakland vs. San Fran lEaSSiS!"*' '•
May 16. Oakland vs. San Fran ••• H? An f * es i
May 17. Oakland vs. San Fran • £?" An f •"•¦
May 18: Oakland vs. San Fran Los An * eles Oakland vs. San Fran
May 21. >..:.. Oakland vs. Sacramento
May 22. Oakland vs. Sacramento. . San Francisco. ..
May 23. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. San Francisco. .....'..... ¦••...
May 24. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. San Francisco... ;...; " **
May 25. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. *San Francisco Oakland vs. Sacramento""
May 28. Oakland vs. Sacramento'
May 29. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. 3an Francisco :
May 30., 'Oakland vs. San Fran "San Francisco ...--......,
May 31. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. 3an Francisco " ;
June.l. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. *San Francisco ...... Oakland vs. Sacramento*" * :
Juno .4. ; ¦... Sacramento vs. San Fran.
June S. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland 1
June 6. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland t ..."!* ***;
June .7. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland , ..........
•June- 8. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Sacramrntovs Sanfran"'
J« n «"- •-,-• ••••• Oakland vs. San FranT
June 12. Oakland vs. San Fran....; Sacramento
June 13. Oakland vsl San Fran Sacramento , :
June 14. Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento v" '•
June 15. Oakland vs. San Fran. .... 'Sacramento • Oakland vs. San Fran." * * * *"' •
Juno 18. ... ... ;... .. San Fran vs. Los AnnlM.
June 19. San Fran. vs. Los Angeles . . - Oakland . . J * . . lM Angeles.
June 20. San Fran. vs. Lo3 Angeler. '. Oakland... .' '.'.'."'
June 21. San Fran. vs. Los Angeler ••?.'. .'.. Oakland '
June 22. San Fran. vs. Los Angeles. : Oakland San Fran vs.' Los" Angeles.*
JuneiS: Oakland'vs:Lo-s"Angeic,:: S~5S3£HH »MImK»2 kI * : d ™- Angeles.
June 27. Oakland vs. Los Angeles.. •••• San Francisco.. "' " "
June 2S. Oakland vs. Los Angeles ..V.: San Francisco -••..- .,
June 29. Oakland vs. Los Angeles . , .'. ."; San Francisco. . Oakland vs." Los Angeles.* *
j«E I oWk-iandVs/sin Fran-:::: Hss^gfe:: LoV An S ;ieV;:;; Oakland V8 - San 1Fnn -
July 4. ?Oakland vs. San Fran.... "...i Los Angeles...! "
'July 5. Oakland vs. San Fran Los Angeles "*"* **
July 9" Oakla . nd vs - San Fran. . i I.' . .. Los Angeles. . . . Oakland 'vs.* San Fran
juiy m 3ac'ram; n Vov;:sanFr4nV6a'kiand:: :::::: :::::::::::::::: Sacrament ° «. saaF**a.
July 11. Sacramento vs.' San Fran. Oakland...: '
July 12. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland ; /
July 16." Sacramentovs -. San Fran. -Oakland Sacramento" vk' SanFran"/
T^! y a ss^^^SJ^SsssSto^. :::::::::::::::: 7*. kIa :i:"; SanFraa -
t y °, ak and vs. San Fran Sacramento -
Tn Z Id °> ak . an 1 vs - i* n Fran Sacramento ,
JSJJ 2?" Oakland vs. San Fran...... Sacramento J ~. Oakland vs. skn Fran '
July 24. SacVam'ento vs.' 'dakiand.*.' aan FVancisco.'.'. W^W^WiV^ Sacramento v '- Oakland.
July 25. Sacramento vs. Oakland.. s an Francisco '"
•J u ! y 26. Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco I '
July 30 Sacramentovs - Oakland., .gan Francisco
July 31. Los Angeles Vs'.'san Fran." HHSttHSHH Oakland .' ;:::.'.'; Angele. vs. SanFran.
Aug. 1. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. Oakland
Aug. 2. Los Angeles vs. San Fran • Oakland ••--.. .^ ... t
Aug. 3. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. Oakland l«w"aV^tV o"'«'""'
Aug. 8 Y^' Angeles vs. San Fran.
Aug. 7. Los Angeles vs. Oakland.'.' " '.'.'.'. ".".".¦. ".".'.*.'.**. I San FrancisVo**. Angeles vs. Oakland.
Aug. 8. Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco
Aug. 9. Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Aug. 10. Lcs Angeles vs. Oakland.. San Francis... ,LVs' Angela Vs'.'okkVandV
A«g..l4. Oakland vs. SanF^n.".'." HSHHvK£f>H Lo's Angeles.*.'.".' Oakland va - San Fran.
Aug. 15. Oakland vs. San Fran. Los Angeles. . •
Aug. 1C. Oakland vs. San Fran Los Angeles. .. '" •¦
Aug 20 Oaklandvs - San Fran,* Los Angeles.... Oakland Vs." San Fran.""*
Aug:2i: Oakland'vs;SanF;an::::'.Sacram*e'nVo'.'.'.'.'. "tIHKHv^JIv' Oakland v »- SanFran.
Aug. 22. Oaklandvs. San Fran..".. Sacramento ;. ""* •
Aug. 23. Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento * •
Auf ' *7 Oakland vs - San Fran • • ' • 'Sacramento O^kland'vi' Stan Fran* ****
AugiSs: sacYamVmoV B :'sinFYv:n:oMBiai"y.::'.: :::::::::::::::: Sacramen tovs. sanFran.
Aug. 29. Sacramentovs. SanFran. Oakland :
Aug. .>0. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland ""¦
Aug. 31 Sacramentovs. SanFran. •Oakland SacVainento vi" sin'pviV*
Sept. 1 1 *Sacramento vs. San Fran ••Oakland j 77. .„.„.. . Fran.
leSt SSS^^SSaU^Sft Sai*rrM^.V fr;~j:Tf^^ S^^nVo^Oakiand."" 1
Sept. 5|Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco.. * "" \
Sept. « Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco. . . ••-•--
Sept. .7 Sacramento vs. Oakland.. »San Francisco Sacramentnw' n«iU-'V"
Sept. 9 •SanFran. vs. Oakland... "Sacramento »acramento vs. Oakland.
lept: ii&i^&B&^W.^™&z:. ::::::::::::::::
Sept. 12 Oakland vs. San Fran:.... Sacramento "
Sept, 1.1 Oakland vs. San Fran.... Sacramento.'.... .. '" •••••
Sept. 14 Oakland vs. San Fran . . . . . 'Sacramento Oaklandvs ' San Fran" " "
s^t: i 8 LoV Abie's vV.'sanFrVn.' :::::::::::::::: [f Aa « ei «.*«- s »F»a.
Sept. 10 Ixw' Angeles vs. SanFran ..Oakland "
Sept. 20!Los Xngeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Sept. 21 Los Angles vs. San Fran. Oakland .... Los Angeie's" VV. "san Fra'n.*
UmU Lo;'Xng;ie,"vV. Oakland;: :::::::::::::::: &*£££:: **" AngeIes va - oakund. vr .
Sept. 26 Los Angeles vs. Oakland.. San Francisco. . ¦ * " * " •
Sept. 27 Los Angeles vs. Oakland. San Francisco. y ••••-
Sept. p Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.. L^" Angiie's' VsVoakl'and.**
Oct! 2" Oaklandvs; San Fran'.:::' HsJS^Hslw Los' AngilVs* "." * Oak } and v «*S*n Fran.
Oct. 3.. Oaklandvs. SanFran Los Angeles '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
Oct. OaklamLy^. San Fran... Lo S Angeles
Oct, 5.. Oakland vs. San Fran..... ....: Los Angeles.... Oakland Va.' San Fran
O^l: 9" Sac'ram'e'n't'ovs."san'FranV '^wiakiY.Y::." ~£~££J fff «»«»«»"• SanFran.
Oct. 10.. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Dakiand •-•--
Oct. 11.. Sacramentovs. San Fran. Oakland C •
n^" Js" Sacram ' nto Vs - Sa ° Fran. •Oakland...:... Sacrkainto'vi" 8a'n*Fran:*
.Oct! \C San FhS Vs'. okVland.':.'. Sacrkm'e'nVo.'.'.".'. : ! 1 1 '. '. '. " ! '. '. [ ! [ [ '. f ff. F * aB « v '- O^tairt.
Oct. 47.. San Fran. vs. Oakland.... Sacramento ""'*
Oct. 1 9.. San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento j •••---
Oct. 19.. San Fran. vs. Oakland 'Sacramento. San Fran.' VV "oa'kVa'n'd
Oct.' i:.' Sacramento"^.' Oakiind.'.' San Franclscc.: ; ~1^ JH^K *^?" ito S °*™^*-
Oct. 2 1., Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco - ;*"""- *
Oct. 25.. Sacramento vs. Oakland.: San Francisco ; -
Oct. 2C. Sacramentovs. Oakland.. 'San Frandaco Sacramento' v's" Oaklliid " *
ttmvz^i£'&-i£¥&: :::::::::::;::: okkund:::::::: 7f s . Ansftlcs^ Saa^ a '-".
Oct. 31.. Los Angeles vs. San Fran .' Oakland. ....... """" **•*
Nov. 1. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. Oakland
>rov' b' L °" Ang ' }n vs - San Fran • • • O** 18^ ••-•.... Los AngeieV Vfc *San FrWi*
kov. a: LosX n g;i e 'sVs:"6kkVand.': ::".'.:::::::::::: u^v^^^ Ans * le8T!i ' ° tkiM<i -
Nov. 7. Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco **
Nov. 8. Los Angeles \s. Oakland.. Sai * Francisco
Nov. 0. Los Angeles vs. Oakland : s *n Francisco. . Los Angeies Vs' "Oakland.* *
nov: II san'FVan.'Vs:oakVand:::: ::::".".".'.'.".".'.'.".".: vsij^a::- SKa Fran vs - Oakland -
Nov.. 14. San Fran. vs. Oakland... Los Angeles " ••¦¦•¦-¦••--••--•••
Nov. 15. San Fran. vs. Oakland... •" Angeles.... .
£ ov - ?£¦ San Fran - vs - Oakland .-.' "-.". Los Angeles San Fran Vs." Oakland" """
£"°- v - ijM;-"V : ; Los Angeles vs. SanFran.
Nov. 20. Los Angel-s va. Fan Fran. • • Oakland
Nov. 21. ILos Angeles vs. San Fran. ...;... Oakland *•-•"*¦ .^
Nov. 22. 1 Los Angeles vs. San Fran. Oakland
-!• JM Angeles vs. San Fran. : . . . Oakland Xngeie.' Vs'.San Fran.* "
Nov: I?: isacrameniiVs.- bVki.ndVVsa'n Fr'anciVcV." I '. .1 '. V. l^l "". I V. Sacramen '° T»; O ak ' a «d.
Nov. 2S. Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco " '•-......
Nov. 20. 1 Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco ~
Nov. 30. [Sacramento vs. Oakland.. 'San Fsondsco. '..'.'..'. Sacramento Ts."6akiand "
dI?: 4: \s^^^£i^:i&^::^ :: Sacramentovs. San Fran.
Dec. 6. [Sacramento vs. San Fran . Oakland ..... ".'.".'." * ""*•'-'".¦"**-""
Dec. C. {Sacramento vs. San Fran . Oakland ... " ••••--••-•-•--. • - • ¦ • .................
Dec. 7.|Sacraroentovs. SanFran. 'Oakland....::: Sac'ramenVo vs." SanFranV"-'
•Morning • and "Afternoon. "Afternoon ' only.
: -
>
I
|ss~~
SB. 8
S8
89.8
75,
84 ¦
89 *
87.8
74.8
79.8
90.8
80
93
'M, - .
5« I
7S
60.4
90.8
|00
85. 8
74.8
73.4
87.4
Dellca
•7'
V
-¦
P 1
<»
.?•
n
¦ i»
s
78
70. S
83.0
74.2
76.2
87.3.
84.2
84
84.8'
77.10
83.8
so:i
85.2:
78.8
7».1T
73.5
67.10
84. Q
83.6
83.4
82.3
77.4
76.2
CONTESTANT.
O. R. Kenniff...
F. E. Daverlcosen
J. Turner
Charles Huyck...
F. M. Haight...
J. B. KennlfT
W. E. Brooks...
E.-A. Mocker...
H. Battu......'. .
S. A. Heller.....
H. F. Mailer.:.:
T. H. Reed...;/.
W. D. Mansfield
E. Everett.'.
A. M. Blade.....
W. J. Klerulff.".
H. DlnkeUpiel...
H. C. Golcher..'.
C. O. Young....
T. \V. Brotherton
J. . Lawrence.....
T. C. Klerulff...
O. H. Foulki..;.!
98
106;
: 82
81 : 75 ¦"*¦
84:1 75
02.8 74 ;2
&'t.4 C5
77.4 75.10
88.8|85.10
03.4)75
88- M80 '
87T8 81..8
82. 4 13A
89 78.4
89.4 80.10
84 ¦- 87.0
SO. 8 70. S
82.4 77;0
71 - 70.10
C2.4 73.4
93- 75.10
87< 80
90' 7U.S
88.8 75.10
83.4 72.6
78 73.4
95.8
—:
110
9« |
90
90
04 ! 2
1 50.3
71. S
iO5
97 j
1 6 4 1 2
¦* ioi i
, 84
118
'90:
109]
I---
l^iT
ss!4
i ' ' -"-*
....I
At San Francisco.
At Los Angeles. I At Sacramento.
At Oakland.
Dates. I
! = ri_ . . -I • -- I
April 5 Sacramento Vs. San Fran Oakland........ ... „
April. 6 Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland
April 9 .....: ...... ••••"•• Sacramento va. San Fran.
April 10 Sacramento va. San Fran. Oakland r J
April 11 Sacramento vs. San Fran. 2 a ! t ! an '2 : '" .•"•.•:•;••••. • ,
April 12[Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland..; \--.. •
April 13 Sacramento vs. San Fran. "Oakland Sacramento vs. San Fran.
April 16| • • Oakland vs. San Fran.
April 1 1 Oakland vs. San Fran.:.. Sacramento • . r
April 18|Oakland vs. San Fran oacramento. .
April lOlOakland vs. San Fran Sacramento --. : i*-- : _; I"
April 20 Oakland vs. San Fran . 'Sacramento • San Fran. vs. Oakland.
April 2: :...: •• Oakland vs. Sacramento
April 24 Oakland vs. Sacramento. . San Francisco... ;
ApTil 25 Oakland vs. Sacramento.. San Francisco. .. •• ;
April 20 Oakland vs. Sacramento.. s an Francisco...
April 27 Oakland vs. Sacramento. . 'San Francisco Oakland vs. Sacramento
April 30 ••. • Los Angeles vs. San Fran.
May 1. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. ••• n £1 2* ""
May 2. Los Angeles vs. SanFran. •• ° £ \ a
May 3. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. J£E ™!!2'"'""* ;••"/•••"•
May 4. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. y Oakland L°» Ange es vs. San Fran.
May 7 .: ••••• •• £ m '\^li:iLl' m Los An 8eles vs. Oakland
May 8. Los Angeles vs. Oakland.. • f an C^S i S •-
May 9. Los Angeles vs. Oakland.. ••• ban Francisco
May 10. Los An B eles vs. Oakland.. •••• | an f™? 0 ' 300 "' ;• • • -"•• •' • «
May 11. Los Angeles vs. Oakland. v"^ n Francisco. . . Los Angeles vs. Oakland
May 13 .......... Los Angeles..
MayH. \Y.Y.\\Y.7:.'.Y.'.\'.""\'" Los Angeles Oakland vs. Saii Fran* " * "
May 15. Oakland vs. San Fran lEaSSiS!"*' '•
May 16. Oakland vs. San Fran ••• H? An f * es i
May 17. Oakland vs. San Fran • £?" An f •"•¦
May 18: Oakland vs. San Fran Los An * eles Oakland vs. San Fran
May 21. >..:.. Oakland vs. Sacramento
May 22. Oakland vs. Sacramento. . San Francisco. ..
May 23. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. San Francisco. .....'..... ¦••...
May 24. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. San Francisco... ;...; " **
May 25. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. *San Francisco Oakland vs. Sacramento""
May 28. Oakland vs. Sacramento'
May 29. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. 3an Francisco :
May 30., 'Oakland vs. San Fran "San Francisco ...--......,
May 31. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. 3an Francisco " ;
June.l. Oakland vs. Sacramento.. *San Francisco ...... Oakland vs. Sacramento*" * :
Juno .4. ; ¦... Sacramento vs. San Fran.
June S. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland 1
June 6. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland t ..."!* ***;
June .7. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland , ..........
•June- 8. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Sacramrntovs Sanfran"'
J« n «"- •-,-• ••••• Oakland vs. San FranT
June 12. Oakland vs. San Fran....; Sacramento
June 13. Oakland vsl San Fran Sacramento , :
June 14. Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento v" '•
June 15. Oakland vs. San Fran. .... 'Sacramento • Oakland vs. San Fran." * * * *"' •
Juno 18. ... ... ;... .. San Fran vs. Los AnnlM.
June 19. San Fran. vs. Los Angeles . . - Oakland . . J * . . lM Angeles.
June 20. San Fran. vs. Lo3 Angeler. '. Oakland... .' '.'.'."'
June 21. San Fran. vs. Los Angeler ••?.'. .'.. Oakland '
June 22. San Fran. vs. Los Angeles. : Oakland San Fran vs.' Los" Angeles.*
JuneiS: Oakland'vs:Lo-s"Angeic,:: S~5S3£HH »MImK»2 kI * : d ™- Angeles.
June 27. Oakland vs. Los Angeles.. •••• San Francisco.. "' " "
June 2S. Oakland vs. Los Angeles ..V.: San Francisco -••..- .,
June 29. Oakland vs. Los Angeles . , .'. ."; San Francisco. . Oakland vs." Los Angeles.* *
j«E I oWk-iandVs/sin Fran-:::: Hss^gfe:: LoV An S ;ieV;:;; Oakland V8 - San 1Fnn -
July 4. ?Oakland vs. San Fran.... "...i Los Angeles...! "
'July 5. Oakland vs. San Fran Los Angeles "*"* **
July 9" Oakla . nd vs - San Fran. . i I.' . .. Los Angeles. . . . Oakland 'vs.* San Fran
juiy m 3ac'ram; n Vov;:sanFr4nV6a'kiand:: :::::: :::::::::::::::: Sacrament ° «. saaF**a.
July 11. Sacramento vs.' San Fran. Oakland...: '
July 12. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland ; /
July 16." Sacramentovs -. San Fran. -Oakland Sacramento" vk' SanFran"/
T^! y a ss^^^SJ^SsssSto^. :::::::::::::::: 7*. kIa :i:"; SanFraa -
t y °, ak and vs. San Fran Sacramento -
Tn Z Id °> ak . an 1 vs - i* n Fran Sacramento ,
JSJJ 2?" Oakland vs. San Fran...... Sacramento J ~. Oakland vs. skn Fran '
July 24. SacVam'ento vs.' 'dakiand.*.' aan FVancisco.'.'. W^W^WiV^ Sacramento v '- Oakland.
July 25. Sacramento vs. Oakland.. s an Francisco '"
•J u ! y 26. Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco I '
July 30 Sacramentovs - Oakland., .gan Francisco
July 31. Los Angeles Vs'.'san Fran." HHSttHSHH Oakland .' ;:::.'.'; Angele. vs. SanFran.
Aug. 1. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. Oakland
Aug. 2. Los Angeles vs. San Fran • Oakland ••--.. .^ ... t
Aug. 3. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. Oakland l«w"aV^tV o"'«'""'
Aug. 8 Y^' Angeles vs. San Fran.
Aug. 7. Los Angeles vs. Oakland.'.' " '.'.'.'. ".".".¦. ".".'.*.'.**. I San FrancisVo**. Angeles vs. Oakland.
Aug. 8. Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco
Aug. 9. Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Aug. 10. Lcs Angeles vs. Oakland.. San Francis... ,LVs' Angela Vs'.'okkVandV
A«g..l4. Oakland vs. SanF^n.".'." HSHHvK£f>H Lo's Angeles.*.'.".' Oakland va - San Fran.
Aug. 15. Oakland vs. San Fran. Los Angeles. . •
Aug. 1C. Oakland vs. San Fran Los Angeles. .. '" •¦
Aug 20 Oaklandvs - San Fran,* Los Angeles.... Oakland Vs." San Fran.""*
Aug:2i: Oakland'vs;SanF;an::::'.Sacram*e'nVo'.'.'.'.'. "tIHKHv^JIv' Oakland v »- SanFran.
Aug. 22. Oaklandvs. San Fran..".. Sacramento ;. ""* •
Aug. 23. Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento * •
Auf ' *7 Oakland vs - San Fran • • ' • 'Sacramento O^kland'vi' Stan Fran* ****
AugiSs: sacYamVmoV B :'sinFYv:n:oMBiai"y.::'.: :::::::::::::::: Sacramen tovs. sanFran.
Aug. 29. Sacramentovs. SanFran. Oakland :
Aug. .>0. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Oakland ""¦
Aug. 31 Sacramentovs. SanFran. •Oakland SacVainento vi" sin'pviV*
Sept. 1 1 *Sacramento vs. San Fran ••Oakland j 77. .„.„.. . Fran.
leSt SSS^^SSaU^Sft Sai*rrM^.V fr;~j:Tf^^ S^^nVo^Oakiand."" 1
Sept. 5|Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco.. * "" \
Sept. « Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco. . . ••-•--
Sept. .7 Sacramento vs. Oakland.. »San Francisco Sacramentnw' n«iU-'V"
Sept. 9 •SanFran. vs. Oakland... "Sacramento »acramento vs. Oakland.
lept: ii&i^&B&^W.^™&z:. ::::::::::::::::
Sept. 12 Oakland vs. San Fran:.... Sacramento "
Sept, 1.1 Oakland vs. San Fran.... Sacramento.'.... .. '" •••••
Sept. 14 Oakland vs. San Fran . . . . . 'Sacramento Oaklandvs ' San Fran" " "
s^t: i 8 LoV Abie's vV.'sanFrVn.' :::::::::::::::: [f Aa « ei «.*«- s »F»a.
Sept. 10 Ixw' Angeles vs. SanFran ..Oakland "
Sept. 20!Los Xngeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Sept. 21 Los Angles vs. San Fran. Oakland .... Los Angeie's" VV. "san Fra'n.*
UmU Lo;'Xng;ie,"vV. Oakland;: :::::::::::::::: &*£££:: **" AngeIes va - oakund. vr .
Sept. 26 Los Angeles vs. Oakland.. San Francisco. . ¦ * " * " •
Sept. 27 Los Angeles vs. Oakland. San Francisco. y ••••-
Sept. p Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.. L^" Angiie's' VsVoakl'and.**
Oct! 2" Oaklandvs; San Fran'.:::' HsJS^Hslw Los' AngilVs* "." * Oak } and v «*S*n Fran.
Oct. 3.. Oaklandvs. SanFran Los Angeles '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
Oct. OaklamLy^. San Fran... Lo S Angeles
Oct, 5.. Oakland vs. San Fran..... ....: Los Angeles.... Oakland Va.' San Fran
O^l: 9" Sac'ram'e'n't'ovs."san'FranV '^wiakiY.Y::." ~£~££J fff «»«»«»"• SanFran.
Oct. 10.. Sacramento vs. San Fran. Dakiand •-•--
Oct. 11.. Sacramentovs. San Fran. Oakland C •
n^" Js" Sacram ' nto Vs - Sa ° Fran. •Oakland...:... Sacrkainto'vi" 8a'n*Fran:*
.Oct! \C San FhS Vs'. okVland.':.'. Sacrkm'e'nVo.'.'.".'. : ! 1 1 '. '. '. " ! '. '. [ ! [ [ '. f ff. F * aB « v '- O^tairt.
Oct. 47.. San Fran. vs. Oakland.... Sacramento ""'*
Oct. 1 9.. San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento j •••---
Oct. 19.. San Fran. vs. Oakland 'Sacramento. San Fran.' VV "oa'kVa'n'd
Oct.' i:.' Sacramento"^.' Oakiind.'.' San Franclscc.: ; ~1^ JH^K *^?" ito S °*™^*-
Oct. 2 1., Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco - ;*"""- *
Oct. 25.. Sacramento vs. Oakland.: San Francisco ; -
Oct. 2C. Sacramentovs. Oakland.. 'San Frandaco Sacramento' v's" Oaklliid " *
ttmvz^i£'&-i£¥&: :::::::::::;::: okkund:::::::: 7f s . Ansftlcs^ Saa^ a '-".
Oct. 31.. Los Angeles vs. San Fran .' Oakland. ....... """" **•*
Nov. 1. Los Angeles vs. San Fran. Oakland
>rov' b' L °" Ang ' }n vs - San Fran • • • O** 18^ ••-•.... Los AngeieV Vfc *San FrWi*
kov. a: LosX n g;i e 'sVs:"6kkVand.': ::".'.:::::::::::: u^v^^^ Ans * le8T!i ' ° tkiM<i -
Nov. 7. Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco **
Nov. 8. Los Angeles \s. Oakland.. Sai * Francisco
Nov. 0. Los Angeles vs. Oakland : s *n Francisco. . Los Angeies Vs' "Oakland.* *
nov: II san'FVan.'Vs:oakVand:::: ::::".".".'.'.".".'.'.".".: vsij^a::- SKa Fran vs - Oakland -
Nov.. 14. San Fran. vs. Oakland... Los Angeles " ••¦¦•¦-¦••--••--•••
Nov. 15. San Fran. vs. Oakland... •" Angeles.... .
£ ov - ?£¦ San Fran - vs - Oakland .-.' "-.". Los Angeles San Fran Vs." Oakland" """
£"°- v - ijM;-"V : ; Los Angeles vs. SanFran.
Nov. 20. Los Angel-s va. Fan Fran. • • Oakland
Nov. 21. ILos Angeles vs. San Fran. ...;... Oakland *•-•"*¦ .^
Nov. 22. 1 Los Angeles vs. San Fran. Oakland
-!• JM Angeles vs. San Fran. : . . . Oakland Xngeie.' Vs'.San Fran.* "
Nov: I?: isacrameniiVs.- bVki.ndVVsa'n Fr'anciVcV." I '. .1 '. V. l^l "". I V. Sacramen '° T»; O ak ' a «d.
Nov. 2S. Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco " '•-......
Nov. 20. 1 Sacramento vs. Oakland.. San Francisco ~
Nov. 30. [Sacramento vs. Oakland.. 'San Fsondsco. '..'.'..'. Sacramento Ts."6akiand "
dI?: 4: \s^^^£i^:i&^::^ :: Sacramentovs. San Fran.
Dec. 6. [Sacramento vs. San Fran . Oakland ..... ".'.".'." * ""*•'-'".¦"**-""
Dec. C. {Sacramento vs. San Fran . Oakland ... " ••••--••-•-•--. • - • ¦ • .................
Dec. 7.|Sacraroentovs. SanFran. 'Oakland....::: Sac'ramenVo vs." SanFranV"-'
•Morning • and "Afternoon. "Afternoon ' only..- ' • -. ',' Last f This .Last
' 24 Hours. " Season.'. Season.
Eureka ':1.10-- 43.08 40. B4
Red Bluff ......:..i 0.00 27.49. 22.17
Sacramento':... 0.18,. 1B.4C 17.18
Son Francisco... :t.v 0.10- -x 16.77 18.70
Fresno .......0.20 6.06 10.28
Independence ..:..:. 0.00 : 4.05 5.81
Sart Luis ¦Oblspo.."..*' 1 0.42 10.20 27.62
Los Angeles'........ 0,14 0.03.. 14.10
San Diego ...... .......0.08 - 6.01 9.19
t San Maximum temperature,
BO: minimum, "44 ;' mean, 47., ¦¦_.--, - . ¦
Temperature at 7a.*m., 42 degrees.
Colorado, -:¦¦ Nevada r and >¦ California ' Have
no i representation •: on ; the Committee • on
Mines ; and ¦ Mining, in the present ¦ House
of : Representatives^ & Territorial Delegate
Smith of Arizona is a member of the com
mittee:- :- : ' "-¦¦-•- •-¦¦¦¦.-. ......
BERKELEY, - March : 23.— Evidence' will
be taken in the case of Mrs. Mary Th'omD
son, the alleged; ''speak easy" keeper to
morrow, morning .at. 9 o'clock. Demitv
District Attorney Phil ; Walsh will repre
sent^ the prosecution and Attorney Rich
ard Lloyd the defenoe.The following jury
will- hear the evidence: JJ .U. Calkins ¥
G.'GIbba,, Victor Sherman. J. s Toun**
C. P. Gilbert, V W.M, Morris, Q. T; Busf
J.; w. Young, H. : J . , Jacobsen, C. M Wil
son, WUllam Polnsett and L. L. Woody '«
Evidence "Will. Be Taken.'
Alameda Republicans- to Meet '
ALAMEDA, March 23.— There will b' e a
meeting of the Municpal Republican Club
to-morrow evening for the -purpose 1 of
discussing the -proposition -of - afflliatnip
with the > State -League- ; of •:-.- Republican
Clubs, which," convenes In iSan . Jose ion
April 14 .for, 'a three days' session. The
Alameda ; Republican Club has alreadv
joined the league. ' . ' ;,¦ ;;:'•;•. "
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
- -•¦" ¦¦-..; -v,';-'FORecast. .-.V;"'- .'•: • ¦.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the : country west of the?Rocky .Mountains.
Light rain has. fallen in all districts and lljrlit
enow Is falling this ( evening in Southern Utah
and Northern Arizona.'. .....;;. .;¦ .: '
¦¦ The pressure has ; risen over,' the North' Pa
cific-States and also over Arizona' and- South
ern Utah. 'Ur« i "* J *y^>m^"i*i«»afi6Wwifefew- - . . -
¦ A well marked:area of .low. pressure Is cen
tral In Southern Nevada: . . ; ••-;¦
Thunder storms liave occurred at Eureka and
Fresna/" ' " . " : -. : .' : .'; '; .'.'-:- : • : ':':'-.-r ¦ ,-.-•
¦ * The 'temperature ¦ has fallen slightly :ln<all'
districts,' and Is" from 8 to ' 18 decrees below
the normal .In California. *- . • , -
.. Forecast :' made ' at San .. Francisco for ¦ thirty
hours ending midnight March 24-.' ..-.-- . ;,. .
• Northern ; Calif ornla—^loudy Monday,' i'gerV
erally'wlth showers; continued' cool; fresh -to
brisk northwest wind.. .:.". ¦¦„ .. - '.; \
. , Southern . California — Cloudy '•¦ Monday, ' gen
erally -. with showerB ; - : continued cool ; : fresh to
brisk southwest 1 ; wind.:.. - .¦ ¦¦ ' - ; : ¦ •---¦t ¦•
•;« Nevada. — Cloudy i Monday ¦ with ' rain ¦ or enow •
continued cold;* fresh, to brisk north! xctnd. >.
¦ San -.Francteco and — <Iloudy, Monday."
probably ! with showers ; • continued cool ; fresh
to brisk : north west., wind.' ¦¦' '•:'.. <¦•-••; r , (
¦- . •G.*H.;WILLSON > Local Forecast Official. ' -i
J HAYWARDS.' March 23.— Rumor is cur
rent that -the Standard Electric" Company
will ¦ ' operate an 'electric r road " from - the
Southern^ Pacific" depot; lnto^ Castro Val
ley. "It is- said j the project- con templates
the abandonment of the plan to run a
spur>of'the Southern Pacific tracks into
Haywards,, but. ..instead,,^ to have" the
electric i '¦ road f or : . an hourly 'connectinn
train-with-San Francisco. : . f : : . -,;"*•
Talk About ¦ Electric Road.
ARCHBISHOP CONFIRMS MANY
St. Brendan's Church Is Scene of Im
pressive Ceremonies.
Before the altar rail of St. Brendan's
Church, at Fremont and Harrison streets.
Special services will mark the closing
days of, Lent, at Old St. Mary's Church
Oh. "Wednesday. Thursday and Friday the
"Tenebrae" 'will: be sung by the surpliced
sanctuary choir. On "Wednesday ' night
the sermon will be on "The Beloved Dis
ciple*'; on. Thursday, "Hidden ¦ Manna."
and 6n Good Friday, "The Watches of the
Passion." .¦ ' .-.-.. ¦ ¦ ,- --,...
On Holy. Thursday morning- masses will
be celebrated at 6:30, 7-and 8a.. m ' fol
lowed .by. a solemn mass and procession
of the blessed sacrament^at 9 a. m U On
Good Friday, commencing at 9 o'clock
will be celebrated , the veneration of the
cross, .solemn; mass of the presanctifled
chanting of the passion and a procession
of the blessed sacrament At 3 n m tho
"Way of the Cross" will be recited ' On
Saturday morning, at 8 o'clock, the ser
vices will commence .with the solemn
bleulng-' of ' the fire, paschal : candle
and baptismal font,, singing . of the pro
phecies and solemn mass.
Elaborate Programme Is Announced
' ., for. Old St. Mary's.
CLOSING LENTEN ! SEB,VICES.
Oakland Office Sah Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 23.
Thomas Vanderwerker, aged" 11 years,
the son of Mrs. " , Nellie Vanderwerker,
left his home ., for school on Tues
day morning last, and- has not been
seen by. his mother since. He did not ar
rive, at the school and his mother ' and
grandparents have scoured Oakland,'Ala
meda and Berkeley without securing the
least trace of. the mlssinglad. The case
has aroused considerable Interest from
the fact that the boy has been missing for
so long a 'time, and because there is -no
apparent 'reason for his absence if It Is
voluntary. ¦ :-• ¦¦
The lad has been living with his mother
and her parents, Mr. and . Mrs. Thomas
Lane, at 260,Fifth street. He has been an
attendant at St. Mary's parochial school,
on Seventh and Grove streets, and started
from home .with his books:- on Tuesday
morning. His teachers at the school say
that ' he did : not , cdme to school that day
and they, have not seen him since. No one
has been found who, saw. him' on that
morning > or who has . seen him since,
though the lad is very well known In the
neighborhood in which he lives.
,The mother's anxiety has been Increased
by. the fact that a boy. by the name of
Blake reported 'that some, man offered to
tell the whereabouts of little Tommy for
J5,but when an effort /was made to locate
the man who made the offer he could not
be found. Thte gives an idea that abduc
tion; might be .behind the boy's disappear
ance: but. the .mother says -that this is
hardly possible, for, she is not able to pay
a sum large enough to make abduction an
object. ' .\ . .V. ' • ¦' . -
¦¦ -When the boy left home on the mornln"
he disappeared he was dressed In a blue"
double-breasted coat, with trousers to
match; ! blue, cap i and* ' black- -and; white
striped soft shirt. .He is light In complex
ion, with light hair, slightly inclined to be
curly, pink > cheeks, blue ' eyes - and ¦ a - scar
on the left.sldejof his neck, caused by a
surgical operation. • . . ,.:¦•....
Boy Starts to Go to His
School and Is Seen
• ; No! More. -
The ; German language has a greater
power of combination of words than any
other .'European tongue. By the liberal
use of the hyphen almost any combina
tion may be formed.
BERKELEY, March 23.— The Oakland
and Berkeley High Schools will hold a
dual field day Tuesday afternoon on the
University of California cinder path. Dur
ing the recent Bay Counties League meet
Oakland defeated Berkeley, but the con
test .was close, and other teams had men
entered which affected the result mate
rially. ; "
Oakland and Berkeley- Will Meet.
Weather Repdrt.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) t
SAN FRANCISCO,- March 2»— 5 p. m.
The. following, are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same' date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours : v . ¦ : •
This ceremony brines to the heart • of every
one present a great Joy. \ We have been look
lar forward fcr "some time for ! this occasion,
when we trill witness the descent of the. Holy
Ghcet upon these j-oung soldiers. .'It is an
important time- in their lives, and .when one
can call himself a soldier of Christ he must
t>e loj-al to his church. One must elve one's
self for all times to Christ. ... , ¦ .
We must not think because these "children
were conflrmed to-day that we have lost ai 1
control over them. We must keep a watch
ful eye upon them. There Is not a day In.
their lives when they will not be brought into
contact with the world. . Like the noldler In
battle they are always confronted with danger.
Do not think that because these children are
confirmed that your ¦ watchfulness over. -them'
may ceas*. Experience shows to the contr.ary.
whtn children'* minds are in a receptive
state it Is our duty and the duty of parents
to make them know and' understand the prin
ciples of our holy religion. This necessity Is
a continuous one. Let them gt» . to Sunday
echool. to their sodalities and their- confra
ternities, for thla in the - only, way — the : con
stant reiteration of the truths of religion—that
will keep them within the pale of the church.
TTm»* children's mass on Sunday, with the
Instructive words of the pastor, is almost: a
sacramental rite. To know their religion they
must be tautrht. Religion does not come; from
Inspiration, but from education." \L«sflt become
» »»rt of their daily, lives. Let them-receive
the sacraments of the church frequently. The
greatest channel of grace Is prayer, and with
out prayer you cannot -receive God's grace.' Let
them lead virtuous lives. Have dally prayers
at home. Have a religious atmosphere about
Archbishop Riordan then addressed the
congregation, speaking- in part as follows:
.M&ry A. S11V8, Elizabeth G. Murphy, -Mar
garet C. Qulgley,' ,• Ellen O. Roseman, Mar
garet M. Dug-an, Jeannette R. Fahey; Ethel
G. Glanvllle. Isabel M. Sheridan, Margaret G.
Rellly; -Anne , A. Noonan, * Anna' M. Jackulyza.
Ann. B.-. Quinn. Mar}' C. Hurley. Catherine M.
E. Green. Llllie A. Kelly. Annie :W. BtafCord,
Catherine T. Murphy, Mary P. Melntyre, Annls
M. Frlel. Cassy T. Eastwood, . Margaret V.
Smallman, Margaret V. Cronin, Jeannette >'.
McNulty, Rose W. Nearyj Mary E. Humphrey.
Mary A. Keaney. Margaret G.-McGrath, Ce
cilia R. Treanor. Mary J. Furlong. Agnus IX,
Cavanauph. Ames M. Canning. Mary V. Alex
ander. Elizabeth F.- Itopan. i Margaret A.
Dwyer. Ellen A. ' C.V Sullivan, Grace C. Rich
ard*. Margaret E. FJtrgerald. ' Ann R. Me-.
Klernan. Hazel M. Bray, Genevieve M. Ken
nedy. Mary A. H. Matson. Agnes R.. C. Burke,.
Mary E. Sliecovlch, Catherine T. . Loftus.
Frances P. Copier. Mary C. Cook, Sarah M.
Tracey. Julia F. Obernesser. Alice - F... Mc-
Carthy. Mabel J. Fennell, Florence R. Ber
mlngham. Ethel C. Burke, Ixmiga V. ; Ullrich,
Julia E. Curry, Mary E. I>erby, Ann C Moran,
Frances B. Kearney, Maypelle Mildred Claire,
Mary T. A. Rdoney. Marga'ret E. E. Lellerln,
Teresa. D. Burke. • Loretto M: Whaley/ Katie
T. Sullivan. Mary A. Dillon and Catherine
M. C. Garside. .. .
Leslie P. Murphy. James. J. ilurphy, David
William Andrew, George Peter Nelson, Maurice
J. Lonerean. • Francis A. Vivian; William J.
Harrington. Edmund J. Welsh. Matthew Joseph
McDonough, Thomas F. Dolan. Harold Leo
Deviae. John Joseph. O! Connor, John J. -Skeys,
A Iran A. Harrington, Cecil ; J. Lynch, Charles
A. .Smith. Francis J. Murray, -Leo J. Pawleo,
Joseph V>. Nelson. Jarr.es P. Maloney, Joseph
R. A. Robinson. William J. McCarthy. Daniel
A. Hennessy. Thomas A. Maloney, Martin J."
Slgglne. Joseph C. Silva, William J. Greeley,
James. J. XsJan, Peter L. Geordano, James J.
Pryal. ' Florence F- Crowley, James W. Dolan,
John P, Cook, Peter. A. Joyce. William A.
Fitzgibbons, \ Manuel P. Sylva. George J, H.
Dohertr, 'John J. .'MJ. * Maloney.' 1 .' Matthew W.
Toomey. William P. J. Meehan. Patrick J.
Qulgley. John I. Hennessy, John F. J. Robin-
son and John Bohan. ; . ' , -
'Among the clergy within the sanctuary
were • Fathers Scanlan of- -St. Joseph's,
Father Cummins of St. Patrick's, Fathers
McNicoll and Dohety, C. ' S. P.; Father
Lynch of St. James* , Father Casey of gt.
Peter's. Father Lagan of Sacred Heart.
Fathers Brady and William P. Butler of
St. John's. Rev. P. J. O'Ryan, and Rev.' J.
F. Nugent, pastor, of St. Brendan's. . ,
As the children approached. John Cogh
lan acted as sponser. for the boys and Miss
M: V. McCarthy and Miss Loretta Ryder
In a like capacity for the girls. The fol
lowing named were confirmed:
late yesterday afternoon more than 103
children knelt to Receive the rite of "con
firmation ; at the .. hands .of .Archbishop
Riordan: Gathered within the sanctuary
were priests from'the principal' parishes of
the city. .The archbishop .was assisted by
his secretary. Rev; P. E. Mulllgan, r and
Rev. J. A. Butler. • - - . > • .
At St. Ignatius Church solemn hleh
mats was celebrated at 10:20 o'clock. th«»
pg*-tj< being blessed and distributed' nre-
J/ously. A special musical sen-ice was
rendered by the male choir, ir
by the choir. In the evening Father
Ramm preached a sermon on the passion,
taking his lesson from one of the features
of Christ's triumphai entry into Jerusa
lem.
At old St. Mary's Church, under the di
rection of the fathers of the Confraternity
oT+i. Paul, a most elaborate musical ser
vice was rendered, A newly organized
•urpliced sanctuary choir sang the music
Incidental to the blessing of the- palms,
and rendered the following selections:
Processional hymn. "The rtoy&l Banners"
<Paullst hymnal): Aep^rgle. Gregorian ; "Ho
eanna FUIo David" (Peters); Sanctus and
Benedictus /Perogi); Pueri HelracdrUm " Greg
orian; -Gloria. Laus et Honor." Gregorian:
recessional. "All Glory. Laud and Honor"
<Pauliet hynuial).
Priests Chant the Gospel.
Solemn high mass was celebrated imme
<3iat«ly afterward by Rev. Father Moran.
and Rev. Father O'Keefte as sub-deacon
Th /. m .^ s r ? ndered b * the c holr was Gou
nod's "De Paque." The "Stabat Mater"
was sung at the offertory. -MAier
¦»» Ir l?« tea ,t of^ t il e sennon - Fathers Smith.
McNiooll and Moran Bang the passion ac
cording to the Gregorian styl e^f; a cn' one
impersonated various characters depicted
in the long gospel of the day and the > ef
fect was at once solemn and impressive
The beautiful musical service attracted
an immense congregation and all avail
able fpa.ee was occupied. va "
In the evening solemn high vespers wm
Fung, followed by benediction of fho
blessed sacrament. Rev. Father Smith
preached the sermon, taking as his ki,k.
Ject, "Christ's Triumphal Entry Into X?
rusalem." ¦ ._
AT all Catholic churches yesterday
the blessing and distribution of
the palms was the principal fea
ture of the day's services. This
took place before the last mass of
the day, and in some of the churches was
marked with considerable display and
ceremony.
At St. Mary's Cathedral his Grace Arch
bishop Riordan officiated, and was assist
ed by all the priests attached to the
cathedral parish. Solemn high mass fol
lowed, celebrated by Rev. Father Hanni
gan. Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast. V. G..
read the gospel of the day according to
St. Matthew. Special music was rendered
ALAMEDA, March 23.— An interesting
number of intellectual events are sched
uled on the Adelphlan Club bulletin for
April. On the 5th of that month the reg
ular union meeting of the sections of the
club will be held. Rev; Charles R. Brown
at that gathering will deliver his lecture
on "The Greatest Man of the Nineteenth
Century."
Artist C. P. Nlelson will discuss "Egyp
tian Art and Architecture" before, the art
section on the afternoon of April 10. 12.
D. Crandall is to give a talk on "Singing*
before the music section on April 15.
"Elbert Hubbard" Is the title or a paper
to be read by Mrs. Rauswell Smith at th«
meeting of the current events section on
April 17. .
ics to Be Delivered During
the Next Month.
Interesting Lectures on Various Top-
I If man Is fickle.", the > crowd Is more so. Pity
the-.- man - whose lire or who; ambition de
pends -upon .the continued acclaim -of the
crowd. How many, times have we resolved to
lead better ¦> lives and then lapsed agraln into
sin. -' The only way in which" to better our
spiritual selves in relation with.Chrlat is to
leave the. crowd and treat with him personally.
The regular cathedral choir intoned '¦ the
"Stabat Mater" during the recital of the
"Stations of thp Cross." The other hymns
rendered were "Veni Creator." "Ave Ma
ria," "Tantum Ergo" and "OSalutarls "
under, the direction of Professor R j
Harrison,, organist. . '¦;.-."
Every men -has a ruling passion- and incon
stancy or • fickleness is one that predominates
In • him. The only thing that man is con
stout. In;. Is --love -for . himself. . In everything
else he- la -Incessantly changing his affections.
To-day he Aa , Joyful, to-morrow he Is In sor
ro^'. There, is neither measure nor moderation
about him, for he is always in extremes. We
grow ¦ weary of the J sacraments : because they
become monotonous.- .'; -/•¦ ¦ ..-.•¦•' ¦
A (treat change came over the demeanor of
the. Jews tows rd Christ in a few daya. Thev
knew that his life was filled- with charity and
good deeds, especially .to the poor, yet the
crowd • turned on him and demanded "his life
The Jews were easily carried .away with the
pomp and magnificence of power and their
first enthusiasm for Christ was genuine and
sincere. But it did not last long and in a
short time Christ was brought to Pontius
Pilate, and brought there to die, because !t
was the desire of the Jewish multitude
The two pictures — one representing the'Jew.i
.as enthusiastic over the coming of the Lord
and the other manifesting: , their hatred for
him — simply show that human nature Is made
up of .very -.strange contradictions. Man is his
own. worst; enemy, containing as he does the
same Imperfections as all animals. Our souls
alone jalse. us above the physical works of
crsatlon, vb'Jt- we are prone to ¦ error, rather
than to , truth, . and to . vice rather than to
virtue.
The preacher's sifbject was "Fickle
ness," based, upon -the texts from St.
Luke: .."And the whole multitude began
with joy to praise God with a loud voice,
saying,. 'Blessed be the King, who cometh
in the. name of the Lord.' "—"The whole
multitude, together . cried out, saying,
'Away with .him, crucify him.' "
Benediction of the blessed sacrament
concluded the services, which are regu
larly held by the Calvarian Society for the
purpose of instilling devotion into the
hearts of its members during the season
of Lent. In his sermon Father McQuaide
said: •¦ ..... • ¦'; ¦ ¦ ¦-
Special devotional exercises were held
yesterday afternoon by the Calvarian So
ciety in St. Maryls Cathedral in honor of
Palm Sunday. There was a large con r
gregation present to hear an eloquent ser
mon preached by the Rev. Joseph P. Mc-
Qualue. ,...•..;¦•.
Calvarian Society Hears Eloquent
Sermon by Father McQuaide.
INTELLECTUAL EVENTS
FOB ADELPHIAN CLUB
HOLDS LENTEN SEB VICES.
Solemn benediction of the blessed sac
rament and the pledge of the League of
the .Cross jwas. administered to the. boys
who had just been confirmed.
your home. . The example of the parents is
all lirr>ortant.
©AKLAND," March 23.— The an
nouncement^ from Washington
that Congressman Victor H. Met
'• calf is s beingi« considered for the
. ', position^ of of the: In
terior to succeed' Secretary Hitchcock has
caused a great deal of political excite
ment in Oakland. .The Congressman from
Oakland has made such rapid strides in
Washington that his friends in Alameda
County see j In this ]lttle more than they
expected, for In Alameda County Victor
H. Metcalf is regarded as one 'of the
coming men of the State. . He holds his
home county in the hollow of his hand.,
and tl'ls fact is beginning to make itself
feit in" the rest", of the State. . ; i
Victor H. Metcalf Is now - in Washing
ton, where he has been given the greatest
honors.. At the beginning of his second
term he was made a member of the ways
and Means Committee of the House and
has been a member -. of the big and import
tant conference committees over the Cu
ban and -Philippine tariffs. In one term
the- Congressman from Oakland -has'
bounded over the heads of hundreds of
his" colleagues In the lower house of Con
gress, and now comes the word from the
capital of the nation that he is even be
ing considered for a place in the Cabinet
of President Roosevelt. The word has
already come .from Washington that
some of those • who are associated with
Mr. Metcalf in the .work of the House of
Representatives • have . said that they did
not sea why California did not put Mr.
Metcalf In the. Senate. '— -
And while Congressman Metcalf has.
MISSING FROM
OAKLAND HOME
lne_ indications are that ,Mr.- Metcalfs
\v asmngton colleagues regard him ¦¦ as
Just as available a man for advancement
as do his Oakland friends. .-.¦
O-T--T-T- TiiTnT..T..T..t t ¦¦» '».«'. .". . . . . ... _
It is thought that Mr. Metcalf could
control his own county against any fight
that could be j made against him, and
with , the reputation he enjoys in other
parts of the State through his command
ing position in Congress he would become
a very formidable candidate if he were
to run. :• ¦•'.'¦ ¦ . '
And while MfT Metcalf has been repeat
edly saying that he had no ambitions for
the • Governorship,' he has been covered
with more and more honors at Washing
ton, and the more dignities that are
given him in the far East the greater
grows in his home city and county the
talk of his becoming a candidate for the
chief executive of California.
'Metcalf is not a factional man in Re
publican politics. He has only been in
lire fore front of the political game for a
few years, and in that time he has not
dabbled In politics outside of his own
district. He has had one fight since his
first election, and he carried every voting
precinct in his district except five. He
has always kept himself out of State en
tanglements and has devoted himself to
his own district, in which he is master.
As a result he has made no enemies This
is being urged upon him as a reason why
he shoura try and unite the shattered
party. - - .
As the matter stands now it is distinct
ly a case of the office pursuing the man.
Mr. Metcalf is saying "No" and tryln"
to explain that he can be of more use to
the State at v Washington than at Sacra
mento. T '-. ¦- , . . ., - ;
been spoken of In Washington for a high
position there has been a great deal of
talk at home about him. There are many
who have urged Mr. Me teal f for Gov
ernor in the hope that in him would be
found a man who could unite • the fac
tions in the Republican party. But to
these Mr. Metcast has always said that
he-was a member, of Congress- from the
State -of California; that -he had a place
that was agreeable to him and which the
people of his district seemed willing to
award- to him, and his ambitions did not
extend ' elsewhere.
CONGRESSMAN. VICTOR H; METCALF OF, THE THIRD DISTRICT,
WHO HAS BEEN MENTIONED FOR PLACE IN PRESIDENT ROOSE
VELT'S CABINET AS SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN CON
FIRMING BOYS AND GIRLS
AT ST. BRENDAN'S CHURCH.
I The boy had some differences with his
parents the day before, and it is believed
that he ran away. He was not a strong
boy, and his parents fear that he may noc
be able to stand the hardships that will
beset a boy of his age trying to make his
way aloife in the world. .
LJVERMORE, March 23.— Emmet Bar
ry, 14 years of age, who lives In Tesla,
dropped out of . sight in Uvermore last
Sunday and has not been seen since. The
boy is the son of William Barry of the
Tesla coal mines, and came to Livermore
on the stage a week ago Saturday to
consult a dentist. He rented a bicycle
and rode about town during the day.
staying with Jack O'Leary during tho
night. The next day he rented another
bicycle to go to the ball game, and has
not been seen since.
Home and Parents Are Anx
ious About Him.
Emmet Barry Disappears From His
TESLA LAD BENTS A>
BICYCLE AND DEPARTS
Norris & Rowe's trained animal' shows
continue to pack k" the -Mechanics' Pa
vilion every afternoon and evening Such
an aggregation of :four T footed actors ha*
never been gathered -together, before and
the entertainment provided, is enjoyed' by
oia and young alike. -The last perform
ance will be given' next Sunday.
Miss Julia Helnrlch.and Max Heinrich
will shortly be "heard in a series of song
recitals at Sherman & Clay's Hall. It is
four. years since the last visit of the
charming contralto and the famous basso
to San Francisco,, and they bring with
them some Important new , work. this time'
including Strauss' "Enoch Arden." Their
Srogrammes also ¦ Include flye new songs
y Emile Bruguiere of this city: •. •., •:
" . \ -.,,'•.- ¦,..-•' • • » '. ¦ . '
The Central | has a rlashinc naval melo
drama this week, by name " "Mau-o 1 -
War's Man;" : by James W. i Harkins ¦ Jr.
It Is. a spectacular production, nnd con
tains a dozen different scenes, ' Including
a naval battle in which a dozen ships are
engaged in full fight. The play deals
with the f Nicaragua canal question and
ends with a triumphant American solu
tion of the matter. ¦ .
.:¦•¦• . ' t ; ;. • '..,. ».':,•.'¦ . , ." . .'--.
"The" Serenade"' to-night begins • Its
fifth week at- the Tivoli. This week and
next will.;be positively the last of this
tuneful opera.' .ItVhas . made a- pro
nounced '.; hit.- and; large - houses --'greet
every performance. Ferris Hartman is
an excellent Duke of , Santa Cruz, and
Edward Webb as the out-at-heels, tenor
shares comic honors with him. Cunning
ham sings the famous "Serenade" with
much aplomb, and Harold Gordon is an
other musical favorite. Anna Lichter and
Frances Graham are both well heard and
Been. On Monday." April 7, the "Fortune
Teller" will be produced.
"Little Christopher" is ' in it3 second
week at Fischer's Theater and. is draw
ing large houses. The company has
shaken down into a compact,' competent
organization, and is flllin- its place with
considerable fitness. The piece is a
melange of merry nonsense, good songs
and choruses," and is well rendered by the
Fischer people, in particularly Mme.
Pilar Mprln. A number of bright special
ties are introduced during; the evening.-
The Alcazar ' management considers -tlie
large demand for seats for. "On and Off"
a good reason to continue the bill for,-an
other week. The bright farce will there
fore go this, week, and will be, followed
by Martha Morton's, favorite play,
"Brother John.'-' It is, announced that Che
delightful Japanese- playlet; I "Madame
Butterfly," will be staged in the near fu
ture. The new play by Mrs. Lottie Day
Coleman and Charles Francis Bryant Is
in active preparation. . .
The second week of the engagement, of
Melbourne MacDowell at the Grand
Opera-house will be given over to an
elaborate production of "La Tosca," an
other of the Sardou plays. ¦ MacDowell
will be assisted by Florence Stone, who
will; be seen in the title role,, and the
Grand Opera-house stock . company. "La
Tosca" was given here last year by Sarah
Bsrnhar'dt and made, a profound impres
sion. The piece will be- excellently
mounted.. '• >.'r ¦/.."¦ -
At the Columbia Theater for two weeks
commencing with this evening the attrac
tion will be Liebler &.Co.'s big • produc-'
tion of "The Christian." This very suc
cessful play by Hall Caine was staged
hero two seasons ago and was received
in magnificent fashion. The company to
appear in the coming presentation of
Caine's great play is one of -superior
strength and is headed, bv Edward Mor
gan, | who will appear as John Storm,-; the
role created by him when the play was
first brought out in New York: . He will
be assisted by the charming young ac
tress, Elsie Leslie.. as_Glory Quayle, and
a company of fifty people. The entire
original New York stage paraphernalia
will be sent here for the presentation.
44-c.iliber villain, who commits every
crime in N the decalogue with the accus
tomed air of one breaking the humb.tj
breakfast egg, and a ,lady villain ,who
goes him several better. ....• There „ is the
usual orphan maid clone out of her mil
lions by a- wicked uncle; and who docs not
forget her humble friends when the in
evitable fortune happens along. The un
earthly Englishman, is also there, with
the honest but red-handed lover and the
comic-valentine adopted .mother.. Every
body,. In short, familiar : to the'melodra
matic audience is present, and. the Den
ver express, that makes its, five miles ah
hour — easy — must not be. forgotten.' .-The
actors are worthy of -the plays with the
.exceptions of Katherine CregO, who
shows a 1 conflicting' naturalness in -her
part: Gertrude E. Mudge, who also does
well, and Harry M. Holden, who also
might be better employed. .-•.•"'
; Al G. Field's Greater,' Minstrels come
next Sunday night.- ¦ • . . ;•.-
"The Denver Express," a rip-roaring,
dyed-in-the-wool melodrama, was given
for the first time here last night at the
California Theater to a small house:
"The Denver- Express" outvies "The Ser
vant Girl's Own" in interest, not to speak
of "The Fireside Companion." It has a
genuine is the a'ct of the Melanl that
it might bemore satisfactory to .the pat
rons and performers themselves were they
.given an earlier position on the entertain
ing programme. They sing well, and the
viollnsist of the party is quite au fait
whether in his rendition . of the classic
• "Kaust" or the sinuous strains of Spanish
rhythm. Their songs are of Italy and have
all the romance of that musically poetical
country. They are sure to meet with
. genuine favor during their , engagement.
As for Lincoln, he can create any amount
of laughter in the easiest and . most re
fined manner. His humor is infectious.
In a dazzling blaze pretty. Papinta danced
and whirled and winged her. silken robes
under a score of rich flery colors— colors
vielng with the rainbow, colors. startling
and wondrous for their brilliancy. The
singing and dancing of George Gorman,
in -the character of a droll Irishman, and
Frances Keppler, a winsome little actress,
made an excellent impression and an en
core was . demanded. "The New\ Coach
man" is an amusing farce presented by
Louis A. Simon. Grace Gardner and Com
pany. Hendrix and Prescott, Les Trouba
dours Toulouslans, Fanny Rice and the
American Biograph all give aid to com
plete an attractive bllL
• * • ...- .--,.;: ¦
The stars of the new bill presented. at
the popular Orpheum last evening were
Frank Lincoln, a clever mimic and hu
morist/ and the Melanl . trio, vocalists and
instrumentalists. And the audience, vast
In size, filling every available spot of the
house, :shpwed> its entire appreciation of
these' and the rest of the numbers. , So
artistic, so graceful and so,,, absolutely
The train was brought to a standstill
before the engine reached the switch.
There was a mass of wires in almost in
extricable confusion strewn over the
wrecked cars.
The wrecking crew was soon at hand,
together with a force of linemen, which
was busily employed during the day re
palrlntr the damage to pole and wired.
The battered cars were hauled .out off
the way after several hours' work. A
new train was made up and finally ar
rived safely at the pier. The blocking off
communication to the many track signal
points was the most serious result of the
accident.
None of the trainhands were injured.
Division Superintendent Palmer will hold
an investigation. ,
The train had been made up In the
yards as usual, a switch engine was on,
the head end and started to back down
to the pier, the departing time there be
ing 7:30 o'clock. A switch track runs
from the yards into the main line on
First street, connecting a few feet east
of Cedar street, where the yard lin©
tracks ' cross for freight trains into tha
yards from the Sixteenth-street connec
tions.
The four passenger coaches crossed the
switch in good order. The next car was
a baggage car. Just as the first truck;
struck the switch it was thrown either
accidentally by a towerman or because
of defect. The train was moving rapidly.
The trucks started off on the ties and
the car body was pulled cleanly off tho
trucks, landing against the signal pole
and upsetting. The other cars piled up in
a tangle on the tracks. .
Throwing of a switch at the corner of
Cedar ana . First streets caused the do
ralling of a Sacramento local 'train that
was being Oacked down to Oakland pter
from the West Oakland railroad yards
at 6:30 o'clock' this morning.
The train of eight cars— tour passenger
coaches, a mail car and three baggage
cars— was split in half. One baggage car
was hurled from its trucks and tnrown
against a tali telegraph and telephone*,
pole at the corner of the two streets,
snapping the big timber short off and
breaking hundreds of telephone and rail
road telegraph signal wires in that vicin
ity. , •
The cars that remained on the track
were' badly smashed, the wreck blockad
ing all traffic by way of the Fist-street
main line for several hours.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.,.- 111S Broadway, March 23.
Paulist Fathers Introduce, Their New Surpliced
Sanctuary Choir in Gregorian Chants and During
Mass Priests Sing the Gospel of the Passion
Car Crashes Into Big Pole,
Wrecking Many Railroad
Signal Wires.
Plays of Merit Are Pre
sented at the Local, '
Playhouses.
Sacramento Local Is Cut
in Half While on
Run to Pier.
Archbishop Riordan Blesses Sacred Branches at
'the Cathedral and Later Confirms Large Class
of Children at St. Brendan's and Delivers Sermon
Melodrama Holds Boards
at the California"
Theater. ¦/.•.
THROWN SWITCH
DERAILS TRAIN
STARS ON BILL
AT THE ORPHEUM
PALM SUNDAY SERVICES ARE MARKED
BY MOST ELABORATE CHURGH RITES
CONGRESSMAN VICTOR H. METCALF
IS CONSIDERED FOR THE CABINET
Announcement From Washing
Appointed Secretary of Interior Causes Friends
to Name H|m as a Candidate for Governor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1902.
7
) '.. THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS^- .
¦i 3 ;
;
» ;
,..3 3 :
¦5"
c
o
Astoria ..:V. .20.88 -40 38 W
Baker ....... .20.70; 40' 22 *NE
Carson..-. 29.62 40 ¦ 18 S
Kureka .:.... 29. 80 s 48 34 S
Fresno .. 29.82 CO. 40 .E -
Flagstaff ....20.78 : 32 24 SW
Pocatello. Ida.2!).7O 42 24' E
Independence 29.64 52 34 W
Lob Angeles.. 20. 88- 50 42 SW
Phoenix ....'..20.84 C2 40 SW
Portland . 20.82 ' 44 30 NW
Red Bluff..... 2«. 74 '¦!»¦. 44 N
Roseburg ......29.78 48 ;34 NW ¦
Sacramento \.29.76 :60 42 SW
Salt Lake .'.'.. 29.02 .40 V 34 SE
San FranciBCO.29.8fl CO 42 W. -
S. U Oblspo:.29.00 52 3S W.
San Diego.. 1.20.00 '60; 52 SW
Seattle,. ..:... 20. SO" 60 3(5 N
Spokane ¦ .. .... 20 . 78 V 50-32 NE
Neah Bay.'... .29:80 -60-32 NW
Walla Walla ..29.74 . 48, 34 . .W. .
Winnemucca .29.04 36 20 W
Yuma,...V.'...29.86 *C8 ! 42 W
Cloudy -.20
Cloudy . .00
•PtCldy .02
PtCldy 1.10
Cloudy .20
Snow ,23
Cloudy .CO
Cloudy .00
Rain; .14
Cloudy .01
Cloudy .18
Cloudy .00
'Cloudy ' .34
: Cloudy .18
Cloudy ' T.
PtCldy .10
Clear .42
Cloudy .08
Clear . ..00
Cloudy .00
Clear .08
Pt Cldy. .01
Cloudy .01
'Clear '.: .00
) '.. THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS^- .
¦i 3 ;
;
» ;
,..3 3 :
¦5"
c
o
Astoria ..:V. .20.88 -40 38 W
Baker ....... .20.70; 40' 22 *NE
Carson..-. 29.62 40 ¦ 18 S
Kureka .:.... 29. 80 s 48 34 S
Fresno .. 29.82 CO. 40 .E -
Flagstaff ....20.78 : 32 24 SW
Pocatello. Ida.2!).7O 42 24' E
Independence 29.64 52 34 W
Lob Angeles.. 20. 88- 50 42 SW
Phoenix ....'..20.84 C2 40 SW
Portland . 20.82 ' 44 30 NW
Red Bluff..... 2«. 74 '¦!»¦. 44 N
Roseburg ......29.78 48 ;34 NW ¦
Sacramento \.29.76 :60 42 SW
Salt Lake .'.'.. 29.02 .40 V 34 SE
San FranciBCO.29.8fl CO 42 W. -
S. U Oblspo:.29.00 52 3S W.
San Diego.. 1.20.00 '60; 52 SW
Seattle,. ..:... 20. SO" 60 3(5 N
Spokane ¦ .. .... 20 . 78 V 50-32 NE
Neah Bay.'... .29:80 -60-32 NW
Walla Walla ..29.74 . 48, 34 . .W. .
Winnemucca .29.04 36 20 W
Yuma,...V.'...29.86 *C8 ! 42 W
Cloudy -.20
Cloudy . .00
•PtCldy .02
PtCldy 1.10
Cloudy .20
Snow ,23
Cloudy .CO
Cloudy .00
Rain; .14
Cloudy .01
Cloudy .18
Cloudy .00
'Cloudy ' .34
: Cloudy .18
Cloudy ' T.
PtCldy .10
Clear .42
Cloudy .08
Clear . ..00
Cloudy .00
Clear .08
Pt Cldy. .01
Cloudy .01
'Clear '.: .00
ADVEBTISEME1TTS. ;. :^
A Wonderful Medicine.
jj y| jttfk £{%. Jf&k Ivft &9\ M&JVk W jflK
FOR ALL
Bilious and
Nervous Disorders, \
, Sick Headache, Constipation,
Wind and Pains in Stomach,
Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver and
Female Ailments.
PREPARED O2CLT BY THE PROPRIETOR.
Thomas Bcccham, St. Helens, Enj.,
and 365 Canal SL, New York.
Sold by all Druggists In United States.
in boxes,*! 0c and 23c
, ./..'•' . " ¦ ¦_ ¦
This signature is on erery- box of the gexratn*
Laxative Bromo-QuinineT»bieti
13x» remedy that curt* m cvW la on« «Ujb
can be adapted to
the needs of differ-
ent children.
Send Jor a free sample of Melliifs .
Food and our bock, «' Mellin* s
Food Babies.'* ' t''r '}
Ktilia's Food Company, Boston, Mas*.
in - i i i ii itmwttimmtmmfi it furrfi— ai rhiwm ¦¦¦ iTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ MONDAY, MAECH 24, 1902.
8
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught; patterns cut" 1019 Mkt.
¦• DOG.. HOSPITALS. <,
DR. CREELY'S C.P dog soap by druggists
•-¦: or at, the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.--
V_ r _._ _/_;'-- ¦-¦ EDUCATIONAL. _. V
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF^fXeCTRICAL~ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, canstruc-
1 tion. • laboratory and shop work; " thoroughly
Vi actlcal ; day and night 24 Post st. , S. F. ;
.catalogue free.' ¦ . "'.¦-'¦¦.
AYRES' Leading Business Colloge, 723 Market
— $8 n.cr month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
1 ' tees, a complete bus ' education; shorthand,
. typing, bookkeeping arithmetic, penmanship.-
spelling, Spanish, etn. : experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.,
! HE ALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
.; S. F. — Thorough courses ;complet* equipment:
• all ?ubject£ pertaining to mining and mining
i . engineering; day an<i night; catalogue free. ¦
A— The : LYCEUM * an accredited preparatory
, school for; the university, law and medical
-'colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ..;-..:
A— THE official reportprs of Supreme Court ad-
vise their.frlends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following?- ¦ Life scholarship $50; r catalogue.
! ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcatar building, 120 OFarrelt st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech.sur-
.' vcy, assay, cyanide- day, eve: ; est. 1864. 'Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
- beginners and' college graduates "perfected.
. TARR, : expert accountant. 210 Parrott bldg.
i CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
' new . CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions;, 11
- good positions last 'week: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S.F. 'Business College, 1236 Market.
SPANISH.French.ctc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcademy
: of Languages, 320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class. $1 month. 1830 Eddy: phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
' lessons. 50c; plan6 for practice. 39 Fifth St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,' nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery sty
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 5 1008 Mission ; Instruments selected.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION — Night class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new 50-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES..
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, coofc*
' and waiters furnished at short notice. ¦ Geo.
Klnoshlta. 123:) Page, cor: Lyon; tel.Feli S501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
- Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post, GEO..AOKI: tel. Bush 1S5.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 521 Bush st: tel. 51(1.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
: 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— FESI ALE.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman desires
housekeeper's position or cook on ranch. 1CS
Sixth Et., room 11, second Iloor. ¦ -
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation to
'do second work: good references; country
preferred. • 441 O'Farrell st. .
WANTED — By a first-class cook and baker in
' all its - branches for camp or small country
hotel. 1211% Howard- st - _¦¦ '..
AMERICAN weman wants work by : the day
washing,- ironing or housecleaning. $1 and
car fare. Address box 4510, Call office.
GIRL wishes situation for general housework
or cooking. Call 344 Harriet st.
GIRL wishes pcsltlon, light housework," private
'.. family; no'.pogtal answers... 1022 Larkin 'st.
A GERMAN .woman desires a, situation: as
• housekeeper.. Inquire at 504 Bryant st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes to do second work
and sewing. Please call '3356 Twenty-third
st; no letters or postals ' :.-'
RELIABLE woman, good demonstrator, good
saleswoman, or would do light position of any
:"kind. Address M., box 4322. Call orflce. : .
AMERICAN woman wants place' as house-
keeper br take charge of an invalid. Call at
34 Sixth st. room 5. >
TYPEWRITER and copyist wishes situation;
references. Address box 4316, Call office.'
GERMAN, good piano teacher, wishes pupils:
easy, method; - cheap lessons. 210 Golden
Gatfr ave. ¦ : ' ¦ ,
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the week
or month; would care for Invalid; good ref-
! ' erences. Call before 8 p. m.. 802 GeaTy at.
WANTED — Position* as housekeeper; no objec-
tion to children. ; E. H.,' 17 Grant ave.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking: perfect fit guar-
. anteed: terms reasonable. 760 McAllister st.
j .WANT ads and subscriptions taken tor The
• Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C39 McAllister st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket-^2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
' to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
busand baggage to and from ferry...
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
received. at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions? has been established at Kfrti
•Valencia st . . ' -.. : .
EMPLO YMEXT WASTED— MAtE.
FIRST-CLASS florist and landscape gardener,
• alno understands vegetables and orchard,)
' wants a pcsltlon, city or country; best refer- !
ences. Box 4506, Call! office.
. MIDDLE-AGED; gentleman wishes a position
as watchman or janitor; security If required. ¦
328 Jcpsle st. : -. . . - . '¦.'''.'
SITUATION wanted by a young man to drive
a grocery wagon: experience and references.
R. M.. 430A Natoma st
.A YOUNG man, 20 years, wishes position in
grocery and barroom ;. has 3 years" experl-
j :,ence; first-class .references. ¦' Box 4509. Call.
A CAPABLE professional: gardener. German,
single, seeks - position ¦ on first-class private
place; thoroughly experienced In all branches,
including orchard and fruit culture, land-
¦ ' Ecape work; exceptional references; now em-
ployed at a ¦ State institution;, satisfactory
reasons for leaving. Z. W.. room 8, Chron-
icle bulldlnr. r '¦ . . ' ¦'-.-.'¦.
A KEAIiY first-class and complete gardener
with -25 years' experience of all ¦ the various
'¦ branches of r horticulture and art gardening,
who shows the best references, wants situ-
ation; '.-prlvate'v place preferred. Address
LOUIS KNAUF, St. Helena Sanitarium/ Cal.
MAN and wife, without children, want work In '
• hotel, resort or private place; city or country:
housework br laundress: man as, porter, care
horses,' gsnerally useful:- wages S45 per
month. .Address W. WOOD,, 1227 Folsom st
EXPERT landscape- and Jobbing gardener'
would like to have some more gardens to lay
out and take care of near Panhandle; wage-*
rcasonablo;' good. work guaranteed; Address
. Gardener, 2718 McAllister st.
ACCURATE bookkeeper and general office man
; *¦ wants . any - clerical position : shipping. < com-
mUslon and j importing experience;, quick and
. reliable; first class city references. Box
4301, Call. office., " 1_ ' " ¦ "N
UP-TO-DATE painter and paper-hanger.'' sln-
; gle. will work by the day,' week or month /or
hotel, property-owner or estate; has all, nec-
. ;,e*sary ladders . and toots: references ; as to
ability and Integrity. Box 4351. . Call office.
; A FIRST-CLASS :. gardener, ¦ understands " thor-
• cughly every branch," can: furnish good; refer-
' ences.. wishes situation on private place;, city
or country. •¦ Gardener, box 4682,; Call. ¦
SITUATION by middle-aged single man about
< private place; .- good driver; can . milk ' cows;
Rood gardener; raise vegetables.' Box' 4341,
, .Call of flce.jj£g<g0gr£$(ja3ftv<- . •
WANTED-^- By . a '.' young • man.V a \ position In
, .wholesale < house ; 4 1 years* ' experience . in ' gen-
' rral merchandise;' cood- reference; Address
box 4221. Call. ;- ¦.-,.' X' '.;-
RESPECTAELE man wants work of any kind;
• city or country: references ¦ if required.' 1 \lox
-; 4600.': Call office.: . ; r '
SITUATION ';; wanted by. younj man" 24 as
¦ A driver: '..understands; care of horses. Box
4«63, Call office. ¦ , , :; ;,
BARTENDER,' experienced in city, and country
*# buslr.e«s.v, desires "Dcsltion; references. Ad-
¦'dreta. box '4204, Call. . . ', ¦ ; ¦'¦- • ¦ Jr"
FIRST-CLASS 't carriage 'blacksmith wants po-
'.. slnqn.: city,. or, country. \-< Box * 4338.' Call. ~ ; •;;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and I subscriptions
.received at Call' branch! office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH. office for Call advertisements and
¦• subscriptions has been •- established at " 1096
. .Valencia ,'»t .';«•' ' . -
BUSINESS cnANCES— ContlnneJ.
JOSEPH 6TRAUB. "
t>50 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
' . Loans Negotiated.
-t Legitimate Business
Agent
A— Oyster and chophouse; a bargain; at $250.
A — Restaurant and delicacy store; ¦ doing fine
business; owner sick; good location. -
A— Grocery and bar on Ellis st; price $1000.
A — Cigars, notions, laundry office; prlc« $300.
A — Grocery and bar in the Mission; 4 living
rooms; rent $18; price $900.
A — Grocery and bar; Golden Gate ave.; $"500.
A— Grocery ; on a good corner on Mission at :
owner has other business; price $1800.
A — Bar and grill room; near Market st: aver-
age receipts $50; large basement suitable for
: bowling alleys; rent $85; price $4000.
A — Half Interest in a good-paying grocery and'
bar; call and investigate.
A — Candy and ice cream parlor; good location
and good business; owner cannot give it his
attention.
A — Grocery, bar- and clear stand; corner on
Geary st; long lease; rent $40; price $2500.
A — Partner for an old-established and good-
paying printing business; $2500.
A — Saloon, including 2-story house and let in
the Mission; a bargain at $4000.
A — Saloon on Market st.'; price $2100. ¦* <";'?¦.
A — Saloon: couth of Market st., in the manu-
facturing district; 3 living 101ms upstairs;
rent $15; stable in rear; price $275.
A — Roadhouse and hotel, opposite the ceme-
teries; steady boarders; pigs and chickens;
fine opportunity; price $750..
A — Hotel of 20 rooms, clears $200 monthly;
flue opportunity for right person; $2000.
Wanted— Party with $5000 to invest in and
enlarge a paying manufacturing business.
A — Several lodging-houses going very cheap.
V A — Several restaurants at reasonable prices.
A — Branch bakery, notions and grocery in Oak-
land; 4 rooms completely furnished; chickens,
etc.; food location; price $500.
A — Grocery and bar: corner on Geary st; fresh
and selected stock; 5 years' lease 4 living
rooms; rent $18: price $000^ ¦
A — CIGAR stands.. Cigar stands.. Cigar stands
30 bus/, money-making stands, $75 to $2000.
I sell choice, well located stands only.
HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
A — BEAUTIFUL bazaar, positively netting
$200 monthly; long established; choicest loca-
tion city; owner retiring; opportunity to pur-
chase safe, pleasant business at low figure.
HEDGES. 461 Parrott bldg. ¦
A — SALOON; located on busy Kearny-st. cor-
ner; swell place; good lease; never before of-
fered for sale; can be bought right; will
stand closest Investigation. Ask HEDGES,
461 Parrott bide.
A — SPECIAL; $S000 clothing, gents' fur. and
shoe store at Invoice; old established; top lo-
cation; very best town this State; long lease;
would consider partnership. HEDGES, 461-
4C2 Parrott bldg. ,
A — $5000 WILL buy fine paying retail store;
long estab.; excellent location; near Market;
will invoice $0000; all clean stock; offered
only account sfekness; chance seldom found;
f. would be fine opportunity to start son right
in life; might exchange for city real estate.
Ask HEDGES. 461-402 Parrott bldg.
A PHOTO studio on Market st; furnished re-
gardless of cost; doing a splendid business:
present owner been there for years; must sell
on account of other business; here is your
chance. ROHLFS CO.. 41. Third st.
A FRUIT store in heart of town; clearing $100
month: a snap; $250. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A — CORNER cigar store In heart of town; this
is a bargain; $200. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
A — PARTNER wanted, with $400. in a well*
established buslnesfcvihat will pay him from
$150 to $200 a month. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A CANDY store, manufacturing and icecream
parlors; paper agencies and other side lines;
30 minutes from city: present owner been
there 7 years: best of reason for selling;
$2750. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third at.
A— SALOON on Third Bt, close to Market; 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling: $2750. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
HOTELS— We have several fine ones to sell. .,.,
Stores; 4 paying gen. mdw. ; good towns.
Livery stables; 2 large ones, paying, in city.
Groceries and bars; S; gocd business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town.'
Cigar, stationery, notion stores; good ones.
Saloon; a good-paying one; good location.
Delicacy and cooking kitchen; central; good;
cheap. Also city and country real estate.
HEALY &. CARR. 6 Eddy st. S. F.
IF you are seeking safe and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(Incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number of shares at $100 each. N.
S. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton st.
HALF-INTEREST In a cash businesR>-rales
Hih) per month; old established. DECKER,
021 Market st. '
I ART novelty store; stocky fixtures, curtains,
carpets, etc., at a great bargain, or will sell
i a part of same; owner going East; the op-
portunity of a lifetime. 572 McAllister st
FRUIT (American) and fancy grocery store;
good business; only $225 to-day; bought
ranch. 140 Fifth st. .
A — $125 BUYS $250 cigar stand; best location;
fine business. Call at 245 Third st.» N.
FOR Bale — Enterprise restaurant 12 Washing-
ton st -
SMALL stationery and notion store; nice place.
1934 Market st '
$1350 — PARTNER: old-established, high-stand-
ing importing and manufacturing, business;
leading reputation in its line on coast;
cleared from $2000 to $8000 for years; owner
thoroughly practical; office man preferred;
responsible parties. ¦ Box 4352. Call office.
ACTIVE office man to learn -management of
an old established wholesale and -retail busi-
ness, to relieve owner of office work and re-
tall management; proper party required to
take $25,000 worth of stock; object, respon
slbllity. not money. Box 4333, Call.
] FOR sale — Grocery and fruit store In thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
roll of $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will Invoice $1700; good reasons for Belling.
Address Grocery, box 165, Vallejo, Cal.
NURSERY and florist business for sale;' bar-
gain; owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself into the business by
worknig for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON, 500 Haight st
CORNER saloon, rent $18. with 3 furnished
rooms, will be sold cheap if called for at
once; must be sold on account of sickness
Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN. Sev-
enth and Mission sts.
ACTIVE partner wanted in legitimate, profit-
able office business of long standing; relia-
bility more than money required; call : per-
sonally. 408 California st.. room 4. .
WANTED — One or two restaurant men with
small capital to take charge of a restaurant
and bar connected with oyster and tamale
trade. ¦ Apply SE. ¦ corner 24th and Folsom.
RESTAURANT chophouse; doing a large pay-
ing business: owner going East; must sell to-
day; make offer. Bus. B. of Trade.. 32tt Pine.
YOUNG married man would like to Invest from
$800 to $1000 with services in a good paying
business. Box 4C97, Call office.
SHOULD you wish to sell your business or de-
sire to invest see SPAULDING, 010 Market
st, room C7. for quick and profitable* results.
$2500 — PA UTN E R wanted in first-class coun-
try hotel t Owner, box 4689. Call. . . .. . ¦
OLD established corner grocery store .'for sale
cheap Apply 1795 Ellis, st", cor." Pierce. .-.-
FINE ladles' and gents' tailoring business for
$200: good location. Box -4317. Call office.
FOR sale — A cigar stand; fine location; cheap.
Address A. L.. 11 Eddy St., . room 20.
ROUTE for sale in a lively country town. Ad-
orers box 4350. Call office.
$75— FOR eale. notion, ¦ candies, dyeing, clean-
ing store. 1620 Powell st ,
YOUNG man with $125 would like partnership
in small paying business. Box ¦ 4125. Call.
CARPET BKATIKO AXD CLEASIXO. %
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
«er<d to SI'AULDING'S Pioneer Carpot-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama tt ; tel. South 40.
American Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning. 3c;
renovated, re laid. 104 14th st; tel.- Capp 3024.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
- tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carnet-beatlng works; prices
_ reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Misslon 263..
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning:, Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J.E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law. and Collection Agency/ 6th
floor. !U6 Market st; advice. free. Tel., Bush
104;, able, body of attorneys. . - '
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful.' Room 310, 027 Market et.
flatsVto let. ¦¦'..¦'¦ .¦¦"';.
FURNISHED or unfurnished; ;beautlful new 6-
room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
ing on park; sun all day;. 10 minutes to City
Hall on Halght-st cars. 47 Portola st. cor-
ner Duboee Park, first ' corner west from
, Stelner and Waller: sts. >¦•'.. ,
A— ELEGANT: brand new; 6 rooms, bath, so-
• cial hells; 705 to 7C9 Sixth ave.,.nr. Fulton.
A— ELEGANT brand-new flat; park view; - 5
rooms and bath. ' 1720 : Page at. near Cole.
CASTRO. C3S — Elegant modern sunny top flat;
attic. S large rooms; bath;. nearly, new; $30.
HA YES, ¦' 1749, near park— Modern sunny fiat.
-0 rooms, bath, •¦ $20. ; water free. .. v
NICE cozy flat of ' 4 rooms ; . stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $1S.' 1181 A Howard st.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3007— Flat of 4 room* and
bath; rent $14.
WALLER, 1712,' near park — Sunny upper" flat,.
3 , rooms ; gas ;¦ wooden mantels; $11; rear.
$20— MODERN lower flat 41C3 Twentieth st^
near Castro. . ' . ' -
FLATS TO 1,KT— PUIl.MSHEU. -
FOR RENT— 2720 Howard st. furnished flat of
5 rooms and bath; piano; $28.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
-have 42 offices In operation:, new method of
placing, stocks and bonds; companies lncor-
r porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Post
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
PLAIN double bed and bedding complete. $10:
a single bed, $5; hair sofa, $3, and sr.m*
•• other, furniture at 572 McAllister St., abov»
Van Ness ave.
MAHOGANY davenport, chair to match, steel
range, . parlor ' cabinet, carpets, dining table,
bookcase, etc. 530 G. G. ave., r. 20; call 1 to 5.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
GOOD bicycle, with ¦ coaster brake and lamp;
also house furniture ;-cheap; 874 Howard st
FURNITURE WANTED."
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
. ,-¦ reasons. , WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner bldg.
A. WOLLPERT. . 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
. gloves. :
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
\ warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. ,
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. ' -"'
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••
5 waitresses, commercial hotel, country.. $25
2 waitresses, first-class city hotel .$.'!0
¦2 waitresses, first-class city hotel.. ... ...$25
, ' 3 waitresses, short distances $20
; 20 'waitresses, city and country hotel* and
; restaurants ......?.". ..$20-830
2 chambermaids, ' first-class hotels, city. ..$20
2 chambermaids to wait, country $25
2 chambermaids to wait, city . 1 *£0
'Cook, small restaurant $9 week
2 fancy lroners, city $10 week
2 mangle girls, city $6 60 week
.Dinner waitresses, lunch waitresses.. 50c meal
. Woman to clean In baths 3 days week..$l day
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
A Swedish '.or German girl for housework
for middle-aged couple, afterward to take
charge of house while family is away, coun-
, try, see party here. $25; houseglrl for, nice
\place, city $30; cooks, houseglrls, second
girls, city and country. $10 to $30
I C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
(Will remove March 31 to 429 Bush St., op-
posite California Hotel.) ' - -' ' • •
MAN and wife for all around work for springs:
j must be handy people; good chance for right
party; see boss hero, $50. C: R. HANSEN
6 CO.. 104 Geary fit. •'••¦•
' (Will remove March 31 to 429 Bush st., op-
poalte California Hotel.) .¦ ¦ .
MOTHER and daughter, German preferred, as
cook and nurse girl: small family; $45 to $50.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
MOTHER and young daughter for housework;
$30. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st
TWENTY-FIVE waitresses for first-class
commercial city and resort hotels; $20-*-u:
fares paid to country. MRS. M. fc.. DAY &c
CO.,-:J35 Geary «t. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ -
LEON~ANDRE. 316 Stockton st
, Maid r.nd seamstress •• • • • • •¦•\if |
German cooks \ $.15 and $-0
Waitresses, restaurant ." *S a weeic
'French nurse. Santa Barbara.. ..........?.£>
Housework girl for country. ............. .»30
Waitress and parlor maid ...... .... ..... »-•>
A number of girls for housework. $25 and *^O
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct inexperienced hands the trade
of making overalls free of charge: will be
paid while learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32Vj Fremont St. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
PANTS finishers; steady work. S5S Howard
st. between Fourth and Fifth, over haiul-
bail court. . ' ~ ¦ •
WOMAN for general housework. 3 -in family:
heavy washing given out. Call bet. 1 and
8 p. m. - 1182 Shotwell St., near Twenty-sixth.
\ WANTED^C^mp"eTent girl to do y housework
and plain cooking; family of 3. S29 Golden
Gate ave. __;
GERMAN girl for upstairs work; plain iron-
ing, help with older children; wages $Jo.
1817 Qtrrornla st -- ,
WANTED — Tailoress: a'so apprentice, paid
while learning. 5C4 Eddy st. - .
GIRL to assist in housework. S25 Golden Gate
. ave..- lower flat ¦
WANTED— Competent girl. German preferred,
for general housework. 914 Page., nr. Scott.
EXPERIENCED girls for bindery. GABRIEL,
419 Sacramento st. ..• . - ¦ ' :
-WANTED— An experienced waitress; $25. Ho-
tel Miramar, 703 Geary st. . - •
WANTED — First-class tailoress on' coats;
.steady work: good pay. 208 Sutter st.
GIRL* wanted for general housekeeping and
cooking. 17C0 Geary st. ¦ . ¦ •
WANTED — Girl for housework. 1S20 Mason
I street. ' ¦ -
GIRL for cooking and general housework; ref^
; erences. 1927 Geary ft '. "¦¦ r . '-'¦. ¦'¦
WANTED — Yotmg woman to do general house-
work. ' Call at 827 Cole st. ~
WANTED— Good waitress; wages $7 per. week.
7 Taylor st. ¦¦-¦--¦ .- -',;;>' ¦'
WANTED— Waitress. 76 Third, st. j
GIRL to assist in housework. 1232 Octavla st. j
GIRL wanted for light housework; good. home.
. (523 Haight st. \
WANTED— Experienced cloak and suit altera-
tion hands. Apply 'at .HALE. BROS.'
WANTED — 3 girls to learn halrdresslng, mas-
sage, .manicure, switch, wig making, in ¦ 2
wits. ; take charge of private customers; as-,
eured $30 per mo.; course $5; day, eve. class;
"¦ bring ad;worth-$l., College,233 Geary, r.13-15.
WANTED— A good-woman I as first-class cook ;
- one-willing to assist with housework: small
family; good wages and excellent home. Ad-
dress box 4321.'. CaH ' office. .- • ¦ ,
WILL treat free for wrinkles a: woman over
¦-40 years old;, will also treat free for freckles
- young boy or jrlrl. Harris Institute of Der-
'matolcgy. 508 • Sutter ;St -. ' -
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts: inexperi-
enced ¦ paid while learning. , HE YNEMANN
&. CO., 0 Hill st. , bet; 21«t and 22d. .
EXPERIENCED f operators on ' overalls: inex-
perienced-paid while learning. , . HEYNE-'
. MANN & CO.. 0 Hill st. bet. 21st and 22d.
-WANTED at once — 'A'- woman '. who .is bright
V and dresses neatly to travel for wholesale
,'¦¦¦ house. Box 4685;, Call. : : -
WANTED — Housekeeper;^ must .have' excep-
tionally igcod' references es to morality, love
I of children and housekeeping. - Box 424S. Call.
WANTED — Reliable Protestant girl ¦ for ' gen-
eral housework: family of 4; $20. 222 Do-
?; lores Bt.. near, Sixteenth. ;/ .
YOUNG ; German * girl for a ¦ f.rst-class : . conf ec-
' : tlonery; and lunch parlor • In a large country
.-• town. ~ : 819, Turk 'st. ''. ' , .; ''i
At I PaclncHalrdresslr.gColl«ge.Murphy bld.,r.O4;
: hairdrecslng.masaage.manlcurlng.wisrs, switch.
,'¦' etc. ; course, $5 ;2 wks; position secured ;day;eve.
STENOGRAPHERS,, don't neglect yourspeed;
¦ ; joln day or.- evening classes:' COc week. 1 Cor-
respondence Ex.,' 027 Market st, rm.',301-305.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands and ma-
chine operator. Apply-\1200 Geary, st.'..
, GLOVE '. makers wanted; also girls to learn.
¦- CARSON GLOVE CO.; 35 Market st.
APPRENTICES . to learn mll'.lncry. : SAH-
• LEIN'S' Bon Ton Millinery. 873 Market st. . ..
/WANTED-^-Iri?h girl to help in housework. Ap-
ply OT.'l Howard at. V ' ' '.
! BUTTONIICLE~MAK:ER - and apprentice on'
. •: vests;, call 2 to— 4 to-day; .: 786 Geary, st" - '
.TAILORESS on ; ,'. fine ; coats ; •. . good, operator;
;¦ wages, $12; permanent 410 Kearny, room 29.
PANTS finishers ; "also apprentices r on I tailoring •
;"•, good pay; steady work. -407, Turk st.
LADY clerk 'for 'office,' 1 to '4'p. m. . V PROF*
MONROE. Astrologer, 1 1032 Market : st. ... '
SAN PRAS : CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFJCES— 027 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes strert; open until S'.SO p. m.
CS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
2941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m." _¦
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 p. m.
10C Eleventh street; open until 9 p. tn.
1O4»6 Valencia street; open until 0 p." m. '
Northwest corner Twenty-second . and Ken-
tucky street*; open until 0 p. m. '
2200 Fillmore street ; open until 9 p. m.
. MEKT1XG AOTICES.
ASYLUM cf Golden Gate Commandery -
No. 16. K. T., 025 Sutter St.— Special *K&«
assembly THIS EVENING at 7 F$
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fraters Ml
ore courteously invited. ~ .
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. .
STARR KING Lodge'. U. D.. F. & A. •
M.; Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 TClf
o - clock. Third degree. By order of / A
the W. M. • A. A. ANDERSON. Sec
EAN Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS' EVEN- JIV-
ING. R. A. deeree. /Lj\
H. O. PRINCE. Sea **r y
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. & A. ¦
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at _JV_
7:U0 o'clock. Second decree. By order TK^JT
'of the Master. .- /V»
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secy.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. •
and A. M.. 1839 Fillmore et — Third _JV_
depree THIS. EVENING at 7:30 tCJT
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR, Sec /?>
PAST Grands' Association.. L O,'
0. V. — Members are reque?tfd » ISZiSr^
assemLle in Encampment Hall,
1. O. O. F. -building. Monday • w
evening at 8:30 sharp, tor the purposo of
paying a fraternal Visit to Loyal Rebekah
Lodge. *V. T. WEBB, Secy.
F. L. TURPIN. President.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of. the State
of California will hold a regular meeting In
the examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
minion. City Hall. San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY April' 1. 1902. at 10 a. m.
C. C. WADS WORTH. M. P., Sec
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting cf
the f.tockholders of the Western Sutra r Re-
fining Company will be held at the office ol
the company. 327 Market et, San Francisco,
Cal., on Monday, the 31st day of March.
1902. at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer book* will close on FRIDAY.
March 21st. 1902. at 12 m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchlnson Surar ¦ Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the ' Hutchlnson
Fugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market r\.. In
the city and county of San Francisco, State
cf California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of March. 190*. st the hour of 11 o'clock
a. tn.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to eerve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such other busl-
nees as may roroe before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday. March 14,
1902, at Z o'clock p. m.
II. XV. THOMAS, Secretary.
ENGROSSING. ". .
Resolutions, etc.. in first-clacs manner. J. W.
CRIFTITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post
AGKXTS WANTED. *
AGENTS. wanted — No .experience required; any
intelligent lady or frentleman can make from
2 $fi to J12 per day working- for us; business
pleasant and honorable: Rood territory for
hus-tlers: lawyers, ministers or teachers who
need additional Income wanted all over the
State. WELLS & SAUNDERS. C30 Market
AGENTS wanted: experience not necessary:
salary $3 to $3 per day; samples and par-,
tioulsrs roallwl FiOc. Call or address room
2C. 207 Powell st.. San Francisco,
I WANT men and women to sell what all must
have and v.-ill buy again. THEO. NOEL,"
Geologist. San Francisco, Cal.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor et.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
It. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13: a 1 ca?es; damages, estates, wills, raort-
pageF. partnerships, attachments, collections.
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE- free; divorces a specialty: quftk;quiet;
no charge without success; established 1<S yrs.
G. V. r . HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
al! cases. J. M. THURSTON^ S19 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldjf.. <)27~Mar-
ke-t st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
Ill CYCLES— Kor Sale or Exchnnge.
Al.LEX is selling Eureka bicycles fapt; swell-
thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin EtJ
mitPS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of rong, I
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock. |
c&ires. firlobos. aquariums; bird and animal j
food of all kinds. 154U Market st.bet.Sth&lih.
UOAUOIXG FOll CHILDREN.
A CHILD to beard 4 to 8 years of age. Call or
address J. S. H.. MS Central ave.. Alameda.
HOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought libraries purchased.
II. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 19 MS.
~~~ UCS1M2SS CHANCES. ~
A^5t5oT~GROCERY and bar on Ninth stl
established years; good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CMs Kearny st.
A— $530; RESTAURANT on Third st, clo6e to
Market; rent $150; place clearing $150 per
month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — 5300; SALOON with 9 furn.' rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $25; great bargain; must be sold at
once. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
X— $C0; RESTAURANT and chop house on 5Ui
st; must bfe sold to-day; owner has to- leave I
city at once. Call R. G. WILKE. 2U% Kearny. )
$1500 — ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, including 4
furnished rooms; a nrst-class paying propo-
sition. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20>4
Kearny et.
$500— PARTNER wanted in a corner liquor
store en Geary Et; rent $35; rare chance for
a good man. Call R. G. WILKE, 2(5%
Kearny st.
C2SO0 — CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
f ent owner 17 years; a finst-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
2C% Kearny st v - '
A— $300; RESTAURANT and chop house; rent
$20; good place; 1 block south of Market Bt
Call It G. WILKE. 20% Keayy st.
A — C140O: SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th Ets. ; net rent $40; good paying business;
estab. years. R. G. WILKE. 20 hi Kearny.
A— $2500; CHOP And ovster house, near Chron-
icle; lease; place clearing above $250 per
month; death In family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
$350^ — RESTAURANT doing a rushing busi-
neus; 5 tables. 20 chairs; with long counter
and 15 t- tools; present owner made lots of
money; best-paying restaurant on the street.
Call or address P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318
Keamy st. room 1.
t£O0 — CORNER family hardware and variety
,etore and dry poods, stationery, candles, to-
bacco, cigare; a great bargain if taken at
once; don't miss this great opportunity Kor
full particulars call or address P. S. DE
LUCA. 318 Kearny gt.. room 1. \"y.
NOTICE to sellers— We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand investiga-
Uon. P. S. de Luca Si. Co.. 31g Kearny. r. 1.
NOTICE to buyers— It will pay you to call on
us before buying, elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO.. 31S Keamy st. room i. L^- A
BARBERS, attention— $300 will buy nice bar-
bcr shop with 4 elegantly furnUhed room*.
kitchen, parlor: fine yard: healthy location
In the city: rent only $15 month, with lease:
clears $25 per week ; present owner 8 vears
there: come quick: don't mira thl« oppor-
tunlty. P. S. DE LUCA. 318 K.earny. room I.
$C50— PARTNER In an old established car-
penter shop to attend caeh and collect; own<r
is both a mechanic and a contractor: $150 to
$200 mo. each guaranteed: positively a bai-
gain to suitable party. For full particulars
call or address P. S. DE LUCCA. 318 Kearny
ffX... room 1.
A — 92O0: PARTNER wanted: (rood chance for
cte&dy man satisfied with US to $20 a week
410^ Kearny «t. room 30.
A— EEFORE you buy 'a business get our list
of bargains. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
A — NOTICE: we have cash buyers for all kind*
; -of business. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A— $750; OYSTER and chop house; rent $12 50-
receipts $30 day. STRAND. 209 Kearny st
A— 100 CIGAR Etands. $125 to $1500 and 75
saloons. $150 to $4000. STRAND. 209 Kearny.
A — $100: PARTNER in good paying cbophouse;
bargain. DECKER & LARSEN. 921 Market
$160— RESTAURANT: daily receipts. $30; rent
f3S; a snap. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market
- HELP .WASTEJ^ITCMALE-— Coii^
YOUNG lady for general office work book-
keeping and stenography; state age expe
/rience and where last employed; what salary
expected. Box 45C4, Call office.
WANTED-,Neat girl '. for ' light housework:
sleep honfe. . 1710 Larkln st. - ¦ - .
A BRANCH office for Call and
subscriptions has been established at 10JO
Valencia st ¦ |
CLASSIFIED advertisements "^^fSj*"^"
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUroore st. j
'.') HELP AVAXT1EP— -MALE."
A-MURRAY & READYTTTrpho^Maln 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN t A. M •,
.....Ship To-day
1000 KAILROAU-MEN.^.-. • • • • •
For Nevada.... ". •-• •••• Free * aro
STATE OF NEVADA .........
AND. SALT LAKE DIVISION.......
500 teamsters. Nevada. . . • '• • ' 'illl
200 rockmen, Nevada.... "•*"ivp« '
00 drillers, Nevada. ""ivf!
85 for steel gang. Nevada :"e"r"n
....Gang of men for extra work, S. I* v
Wages $2 to .$3 day.......---.-
Ship Dally • ' -* Tee ,
Carriage painter. • country shop: 3 carpenters.
$1 fare. $3 50 day; blacksmith, no •hoeing.
city. »2 50 to $3 day: bench hand, planing-
mill. $3 day; blacksmith for ranch; - blacK-
smlth helpers; tinner, $3 day ••"/m
. . . . AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT . ...
4 farmers, same orchard. $1 CO fare. $J0 and
found; 5 teamsters, same ranch. $y« ana
found; 2 laborers, ranch near city. $-U ana
found; 5 farmers for vineyard. Napa County,
$20 and found: -15 farmers and orchard
hands, $20 to $30 and found: 2 milkers. Sls-
klyou County, $35 and found; butter-maker,
milker, $1 25 fare. $30 and found; 5 "handy
.men, same ranch, $20 and found: 3 milkers,
same dairy, country.' $30 and found; 10 minc-
ers, different dairies, city and country, $30
and $35 and founds gardener, private place,
$.*50 and found; 3 choremen. $25 and $30; J>
choreboys, $10 and $15." ' • •
'..... MISCELLANEOUS . "'111'
3 laborers, mine. $60: harness cleaner. $60;
3 stablemen. $50, $40 and $30 and found:
married farmer; - stenographer and book-
keeper, country; elderly man around city
store •
- B laborers, no experience,* city $1 75 day
4 laborers, city factory ....$1 75 day
7 pick and shovel men......$l 75 and $2 day
8 laborers, quarry- •$<W
6 laborers, near city.. ...$34 and found
10 woodchoppers. $1 50 cord, tools and pro-
¦ visions furnished - • •
' CO woodchoppers and tlemakers. good camp.
• virgin timber, big wages and cheap fares...
MARRIED HELP
Man and wife, private family of 2; cook and
•wife, mining camp. $45 and found, see boss
here
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second baker, country shop. $45 and found :
assistant butcher; young man for a large
.company's shop, $55; laundryman, country
laundry, $65; second cook, plain hotel, $35
and found; porter and runner for country
hotel, $25 and found; 15 cooks, hotels, res-
taurants and camps, city and country. $35
to $60 and found:, cook and. wife. $45; 9
' waiters, city and country; 6 dishwashers,
kitchen hands, etc...
MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
WANTED-
. 500 teamsters for Nevada..... $2 a day
5C0 laborers ; for Nevada $2 a day
100 rockmen for Nevada $2 a. day
•20 stone masons for Nevada. ....... $4 a day
¦ CO masons' helpers for Nevada $2 a day
3 blacksmiths for Nevada.. ..$3 a day
' ....'..... .Ship Night and Morning
Free Fare *. . . Free Fare Free Fare
100 tunnelmen $2. $2 50 and $3 a day
, For Chatsworth -Park ...Blsr Tunnel
Ship Daily .....Free Fare
Engineer and electrician for a hotel plant,
$65; 6 carpenters, country. $3 a day; 4 ranch
. teamsters. Marln Co.. $1 a day; 2 ranch
teamsters. Butte Co.. $1 a day; 2 milkers.
Mendocino Co.. $30; blacksmith, railroad
camp, $3 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
I Baker and pastry cook for hotel In Arizona.
$00 and free fare;. assistant cafe cook, coun-
try, hotel, $60; second cook • for an institu-
tion, country, $40; 6 cooks, country hotelj.
S10 to $50: second cook, country hotel, $50;
butcher, country shop, $30; 6 bell boys, $10.
$15 and $20: 20 dishwashers, kitchen band*
- and 'others
Will' removed to 420 Bush st, between
Kearny and Grant ave., opposite California
Hotel, after March 31. 1902.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT W. D..EWER & CO.'S..; 610 Clay st.
Free Fare 1 For Nevada
Railroad ; Work
Teamsters , $2 a day
Drillers ....... ........ ..........$2 25 a day
Laborers ?2 a day
Slopers .* $2 a day
4 farmers for vineyard ........ .'.'_. . .'. . .'. . .$26
2 milkers, country. .. \. ...... ;;..~.V.V.", .. ".$30
Farmer and wife ..$40
4 woodchoppers .$1 40 a cord
Blacksmith and helper, ranch... $45 and $30
2 farmers, steady place $20
Gardener, country $33
AT THE CAL EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
50 Third st.:' phone Bush 405.
....- Nevada
Nevada
HELP WASTED MALE Con.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corns, u "^
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men or gooci T
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
, less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over ft feet ;
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the •Recruitla*
Office. 40 Ellia^st. San Francisco.
WANTED — Barber with $300 cash, to take full
charge -of a nice barbeY shop and 4 elegantly
furnished rooms in rear; healthy location -
steady place; wages $25 week: married man
preferred. P/S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny, r. 1.
WANTED — A steady man with $150 as partner
in a nice business that will pay more than
pood wages; no night or Sunday work, m
Geary st. roomjt
WANTED — A first-class carriage painter, all-
around man; steady job; Eastern man pre-
ferred. Bay View . Carriage Factory. Saa
Rafael. Cal. \
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donate.! -
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-'
LEGE. C35 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, stu:
runs Denver House. 217 Third st :' 150 lar^a
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: eltht
weeks; tools donated: situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cat.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; $17 week: steady place: no ex-
perlence necessary. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
BOY 10 years to learn glove trade; good oppor-
tunity for willing boy; steady. CARSON
GLOVE CO., 35 Market st
WANTED — Young man between 16 and 13 (
• years of age; must be good at figures. Ap.
ply at HALE BROS.' '
BARBERS — Flrst-claes 3-chalr shop for sale;
best location in town: owner going away.
Apply at WILL A FINCK'3.
SAILORS, green, han-is and blacksmiths for
whalers and merchantmen. Apply Shipping
Agent. 213 Broadway.
WANTED — In a twenty yean established car-
¦ riage and wagon shop, a first-class painter to
rent shop. Address box 4233. Call office.
WANTED — Cash boy. Apply at HALE BR03.'
BARBER— Partner wanted; good little paying
shop; call or write. 300 Golden Gate ave.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REIS3 BRO3.'. 24 Sutter.
FOR good reliable men call at 487 Tenth st.
Oakland, Carpenters' Labor Bureau. ¦
28 YOUNO men to go north for th« rommer
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging In Cam-
bridge House. 643 Howard; changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U. 8. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. «24 Market.
SCO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. 3, 40. Phelaa
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post. O. A. 3.
SAILORS, ordinary, for shirs for all part* of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart it
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 80c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10JO
. Valencia st. ,
HORSES ASP WAGOXJ.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction pales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or tracts.
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
FOR SALE — Span of bays, 4 and S years; full
sisters; also buckboard and harness. 22(!2
•San Jose ave., Alameda, or 437 Larkin. S. F.
SANTA ROSA salesyard — Horses, harness and
buggies bought tnd foM. sew stock always
on hand. 149fl Market St.. corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec B10 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. 15tb&Valenc!a
ALL kinds of. wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EQAN & SON. 2117 Mission it.
SECOND-HAND business .buggies; ona . top
buggy; bargain. 1370 Turk st '
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
PARTNER: half Interest livery stable; all new
rigs; account other business. 2125 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. Its pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
STATE OF NEVADA.. FREE FARE.,..
75 teamsters Free Fare j
r>0 rockmen ..\ Nevada
Gang of laborers Free Fare
10 drillers Nevada
...-..; Wages $2 to $2 50 day
SHIP DAILY ..... .....
Head setter, sawmill, south.. 555 mo. & board
Head trimmer, sawmill $45 mo. A board
."'. teamsters, city $t 25 day and board
Young bartender and porter.. $23, bd. & room
GARDENER, $30 to $35 and found; 2 farmers
and wives, S35 and * 50: cheesi maker and
wife. $40: milker, $30; 10 lumber pliers. $2
day: 3 carpenters,. $3 50 day: 3 car builder*;
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner residence In Western Addition;
8 rooms, bath, conservatory, grounds, etc.;
rent reasonable. Von Rhein R. E. Co., 813
. California st.
$11 — SUNNY house of 5 rooms, yard, basement.
Key at 2228 Geary «t.
HOUSES FOR SALE,
easer man ror mm. *«o; -u wooacnoppers,
SOc to $1 50 cord; painter to run shop; cheese
maker, $35 and found, and others. • J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
BUTLER for country, $50 and found; broiler,
$35 to $40: cook and wife. $55; bell boys,
elevator boy, waiters, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento Bt
ANDRE'S. .-^.316 Stockton St.
Reliable man to care for lO^cre place. $50;
¦ plain gardener around country home. $30:
first-class .cardener, $30; gardener and milk
one cow, $25; harness cleaner, $60; 2 butlers,
$40 and $50; dishwasher. $25Lpotwasher, $25;
boy for private place. $15. r
ANDRE'S Office, 316 *" Stockton st — Pastry
cook 'country -*ptel. $50; shoemaker for re-
palrlcg. $12 a -^eek. or piece work, qic.
A YOUNG man checker for first-class dining-
room; $40 a month and Increase. MRS. M.
K. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadfrworth, Nev.; wages. -fS^per day;
board. $5 2T« per week; $2 deposit required;
' company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B & A. L. STONg CO., 900 Broadway. Oak-
, land, Cal. » . ¦ ' '.
BOSS BARBERS.
The Central Linen Supply Company will be
in operation by April 1; towels and hair-
cloths supplied or laundered. For terms and
. particulars phone Mission 106; laundry and
office Eighteenth and Shotwell sts.
JOURNEYMEN "barbers; -special meeting to-
night; constitutional amendments. By crder
¦ of president. " ' . J. R. BLEILY..
WANTED — A steady man with $100 for a plain
- every-day business that will pay about $70
per month: steady place: experience not re-
quired. . Apoly 1010 Market St.. room 10.
AN experienced man to manage ¦ and run an
employment agency: must give bonds. Ad-
dress ABC, box 4505, Call office.
MAN to collect and solicit life Insurance. Ap-
ply '• before 9 o'clock. J. HUNT, 'Callaghan
building. Market and McAllister sts.
FARBER shon; Western Addition; very d<»-
i Rirable stand; neatly fitted; $100. STOLTZ.
'723 Market st. , • ' ., - '
NEW house, 7 rooms; son all day; fin* rest*
dence district: Portola st. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and f
lueterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success; free consult**
tlon. Room 89. Liebes building. 139 Post st
LOST AND FOUND, i
LOST— Gold baby pin with pear!, from South
Park up Third and Mission to 743 Capp st
LOST — A Scotch collie puppy, female. Return
to 2340 Jackson st. . -^T
LOST — Bunch of keya on Minna, st. Reward
at 514 Minna st " '"
LOST — Not stolen, March 19, diamond brooch;
route, from Beaver and Castro sts. to Four-
teenth and Market. Castro car. transferring
to Powell; liberal reward. 1845 Polk st
LOST — Female deerhound black pup, 4 brown,
paws. Liberal reward if returned to B74
¦ William st. Oakland, near San Pablo ave.
SATURDAY, lady's small watch. Inlaid with
pearls on back. Good reward If returned to
room 7. Mercantile Library bldg., G. G. ave.
LOST— Small female pug; answers to name o£
"Puggte." Liberal reward at 8374 17th.
IT will pay to "Remember" taat to© Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutler st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est 1887; . reliable and
.confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Herts. 706 Bill-.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery ; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell
st: tel. Bush 421. .
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows: window
¦hades. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL. /\
BARBER shop: best thoroughfare: splendid
rhnnce for good hustler. STOLTZ, 723 Mar-
ket.st . ¦ -
BARBER" for evenings, Saturday and Sunday,
' $11. At 1205 Fillmore St. -
WANTED — First-class barber for short hours;
¦ good pay. 7A Eddy st.
BOY without a home, to do light work; 14 to
¦ 16 years old. Box 4508, Call office.
WANTED — Young man for porter work. 212
:. O'Farrell st. •
BOY — Small wages to begin. 8C2 Geary st
TAILOR wanted on custom coats; steady work*
good pay. 533, Natoma st. '
TAILOR to work Inside. _. 120 Ellis st
N Jtoc?ton 'st 1 ca3h)cr * nd a " ar °«na boyr
WANTED-^-Man. who undewtanda nursery and
' florist business. SCO Haight '»t?
BOY wanted. Id years old. Drug store -Van
N-53 ave. and Fulton st; call after 0 a. ? m"
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale- good loca*
- tlon: rooma In rear; $125. Box '4504/Call!
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
delivery .wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.-
.YOUNG, men for. htrh-claso dramatic comaanv
for small parts. Box 4-XTn. Can nVn-^ otn * any
W-A NTED— Young man with S°RO- t»n/i —, w
restaurant; $C0 me; Brown. 1^ m^v.^'
'S^'^ 1 :.^ 2220 Folsom
B^reeT a>1^ >p U1^ "tore. 106 Stotkton
to .W>NOHXJE^
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special
1st. — Ladles,- all who are e!ck or In trouble.*
consult the specialist on female complaints; '
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
canes taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all suhjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. aWS'
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op- 8th.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years'' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Karrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st. __
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office. 1228 Market st: 30 year*
expjrlence In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 2*
years" ¦ successful experience in S. F- ***'
ternlty Home. 006 Market st.. op. 4th: f ee lo^
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
.confinement; best medical care: low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment;- maternity home; homa
In confinement. 1120 Market st. 3. F.
DR. ROSEN, "ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
.'clallst 1C07VJ Market: avoid delay: $10-
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by hcros^
MIX KS AM O 31 IX I jg^^^.
FOR Sale— Half-interest in a rich placer claim
in- the Bluestone mining district. Alaska: ail
ready to open this season;, party lea 1 ] rln V>"
the steamer Portland next month. »°*
4329. Call otflce. --
THE best small mln« in the State; de I*J.°^
ment will-maka a large paying P^PflVi*
cale compulsory. THE INVESTORS' AGEN-
CY - 137 Montgomery st. S. F« »»¦
LODGING-HOUSE^ FOR SALS.
A FEW OF OUR MANY" BARGAINS. : /•
Any; of 'the following on monthly payments.
. ........Money to Loan at 1V4 Per cent..'.....
1 18 rooms;: Jusf listed: bargain $Co0
125 rooms; clears $450; only...... ...'...'• 7000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments.".: loOO
0 rooms; downtown; very good......;. "250
30 rooms: first claas; snap. •'•¦ 2^0"!
12 rooms; MORTGAGED; MAKE OFFER. .
0 rooms; sunny corner: a beauty; only <>*<o
21 rooms; Ellis St.; clears $125. . ,<r. ...' 1600
. 32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. rf500
¦ 10 rooms; partly furnished; snap; only. 105C
20 rooms; clears $75; only • *£>
40 rooms; clears $108 • ••• 'o°0
A. ,H. HETSLOFF, phone John 531, 900
Market st. cor E11U: >
A. CAMERON & CO.. ' .
850 Market st. and S Stockton st, : . t
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone. Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, ' lodging-houses,
flats: all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
CS rooms; rent $225; fine business cor. ; long
lease; part offices;' income $600 per month; al-
ways full; .fine investment; sickness cause .0*
sale; $7000. . •
GEO. W. BROWN. 783% Market st.
Room. 3; Phone Clay , 46. ......
15 rooms; on Market; rent $40.. $600
21 rooms: newly furnished; clears $100. 2600
10 rooms; rent $32 50; large yard 300
-13 rooms; neat, nice house; yard (JOO.
18 rooms; on Kearny; 9 bay windows... 1800
10 rooms; rent $40 450i
'17 rooms; parties going East... ........ 700
7 rooms; rent $25 .../. .373
Titles guaranteed on every sale. .
TO lease — 55-room : lodging-house -' will be
built for suitable tenant on sunny side of j
Turk st, near Jones. SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st ,.--." v
TO lease — Handsome building of 40 rooms, de-'
elgned for offices for physicians, •' dentists,
etc.; now being built on north side of Sutter
st.. near Powell. SHAINWALD, BUCKREE
& CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st ..- - ;
RYAN AND O'ROURKE. ~~~
819 Market— Phone Mint 865.
Rooms 31 and 31 A.
Rooming houses, all sires and /prices, in
all parts of city. Big free list.
: Plenty of money nt 1 V-j oer cent
Five hundred houses for Bale.-' . ' .
Any house en monthly : payments.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ' - v
850 Market st— (Inc.). '.Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. ¦.'.'..¦
We furnish vacant houses and ' *
Loan Money at lowest .rates. .
, S, omet ning new every day. \
' / New houses to* lease. - . _
__ j "xTar The Call building.
. . Telephone Black l-8-0-:i.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. rms. 1-2,
MONEY TO LOAN. . .
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market. Some bargain*!
$650 — 15 rooms; Market st. ; $375, 19-rooru
house. Jackson. - . i
$200 — 7 rooms; rent $15. $3000; 30 rooms, and
60 more houses. !
Some good bargains. Only honest trade.
SPECIAL BARGAINS '.'.
20 rooms, rent $50. only $0. r >0
29 rooms rent $60. g»od furniture 1150
, • 39 rooms! rent $S3, see this .......... $2250
45 rooms, near Market st '..'... 2500
WINSTON & WOLF. k 1026 Market st.
F. J. DECKER & LARSEN, 921 Market, r. 5.
10 rooms, bath; oak furniture. ...... $650
5 rooms; piano: transient... 350
10 rooms; rent $30; income $80... 350
% Interest in fine grocery and, bar.
A — $2600; LODGING-HOUSE of . 31 rooma;
splendidly furnished: rooms all rented; well
located- on Market st. ; satisfactory reasons
given for selling; no 'agents. Box 4550. Call.
A NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all slaes
an<l prices in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
A SWELL: 28 rooms; nice porcelain sinks;
newly papered; downtown. SPECK & CO..
SPIIUTUALISai.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1104 O'Farreil St.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak st. — Circle Tuesr
day and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wed. -ladles, 2:00
p. m.; 10c; meetings daily, ftOc.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. business sittings daily.
1774 Fifteenth st, near Guerrero. '
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hail,, ."535 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally"; test to" all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANT^.*: ' - . _.'
MME. M. BERNARD. -
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, -discontented,' un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 20c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.'
A — 50c and $1: PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-'
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers': quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry; how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth,
lock hair, 0 questions. 1007^4 Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance ]
- medium. Is permanently located at 120B Mar- j
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- i
anteed by mail ; send stamp for ' .pamphlet i
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op- ;
poslte Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 c. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight; j
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c.
gents $; palm, and clalr. elt. $1 CO.- 126. Turk.
MADAM CLARITA. " "~~ '¦''
Most wonderful . Egyptian card reader; ail
¦ ques.' answered satisfactory; read, from 6 p. j
' m. to 9 p. m. only. Phone Polk 831 702 Post.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
( ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. QDELL, clairvoyant; cards and tea
leaves read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50c. 521%
Turk st. . .-:-,,: ;-," .-.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. - 5 Fourth st
MRS. LA VON. wonderful, fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. JACQUE. trance sittings & palmistry.
$1; card readings. 25c & 50c. 309 5th St.", r. T2.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 : Howard, clairvoyant and
pplrit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 5Pc.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents SOc. 951 Mission, near Cth; open Sun.,
MME. CATHERINE DEAN, card , rpador,"
, moved from 9S9 Howard, to 132 Cth, of flee 2.
CARD reading and astrology.' 148 , Sixth st,
room 22. second -floor.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. genta SOc; readings dally. 132 SJxth gt.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from ' Louisiana :
only lCc; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
COTTAGES TO LET. . '
COTTAGE, 7 rooms and bath; . rent ; $22 50.,
2328 Folsom st. ¦¦¦--•¦'-.
COTTAGES TO LET IX DELYEDRRE.
2 FURNISHED cottages, 6 rooms and bath;
rent ?40. Apply MISS CHERRY, Belvedere."
A — DR. T. 8. HIGGINS, 027 Market St., Emma
Sprockets bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold tilling*. .' $1 50; other
. fillings, $1; gold. and. porcelain -crowns, $5
up; plates, a fullset of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5' up. ,
Painless extraction. '. -¦ .'
. 1 do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, brldpes
and fillings ; extractions or fillings ' by .my
'wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
"experience; no students; advice* free: prices
; cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE ,W. LKEK. 20,0'Farreir st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. ¦ S09 Market, cor.
. 4th, r. 7. .Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up;- plates, extractions free, S4 SO
up; office hours, 0 a. m. to 0 p. m.; Sundays,
i) to 3. J..W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st.ycor. Mason—
- Expert painless extrnctors; skilled operators;
gas'given: lady attendant.'. U..CANDER-
SON, D. D. S,. proprietor and manager. ;
A NEW. plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. SOc
plates. $5,' full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. ¦¦ Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
5EE " my - new. pink ' Ivory plates ; «ee ~ my ; : new '
unbrcaka ble ' bridge ; both ¦ warranted ' lifetime ;
-crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. 1 Dr. Brown. 64 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 817 Geary, nr.' Larkln— Pain-
less ext; 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.'
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full-Mt of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; < flUlngs, 50c.'
MEYER. 46 ' O'Farrell. late X of 0 ¦ Turk ; st. ;
• crown and .bridge .work; gas specialist: '. ; .-
. DR. E. ;.. P. ; 6HEPARD. . 14 i Geary 1 st. ; V expert
, - workmanship* only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
BET of • teeth "¦ without plate. ¦ DR. -' H. - O.
. YOUNG, 1S11 Polk st. 'Henry Eggling (owner) with Val Franz.(con
tractor),, .architects same— All work- except
mantels andf tiling I for- a three-story frame
building and a two-story frame stable on lot
on NE corner of Lvon and Fulton streets, N
100 by E 50: $11,175. ' .
Same, owner with . Cablll & Hall- Elevator
Company (contractors), architects name — Ele
vator work for same on same; S2175. •
.Same owner with Palmer & Speetzen (con
tractors), architects same — Painting, graining,
etc., for same on same; $1000.
. Same owner with Martin • Carrlck (contrac
tor), architects same — Plastering for same on
same; ?1400. '.
Same owner with Gullck & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architects same — Plumbing, gas fit
ting,'sewers, heater, tank and circulation pipes
for same on same: $2800. -
George McAuley (owner) with G. G. GUIespie
(contractor), architects Salfleld ! & Kohlberg
Excavation, brick.' concrete. \ Iron. "> carpenter,
mill and marble work, hardware, sidewalk
lights, - glazing and tinning for a four-story
attic and basement frame building on lot on
W line of Leavenworth street, 137:0 N of
Turk. N 27:6 by W 137:6; $13,600. .,
Jane, Blake (owner) with B. K. - Albertson
(contractor), architect none — All alterations
and additions except plumbing, painting, man
tels, j crates and gas fixtures • for a two-story
frame building (flats) on lot on NE corner of
Geary and Steiner streets. 45 by 75; .$1700 -
Mary Rocca (owner) with Theodore S. Holn
(contractor), architect J. A. Jorporato — All
work except shades- and gas .fixtures for a
two-story and -basement frame building on lot
on N line of Jackson 6treet, 91:6 E of Mason.
E 23 by-N 122:6; S2200. - - .
W. B. Bourn (owner). H. H. Larsen & Bros.'
(contractors), with Keatln»re and Leonard (sub
contractors), architect Albert Sutton — Concrete
work for a three-story and basement briCK
building on lot on SW line of East street fil?S
NW of Mission, NW 45:10 by SW 137:6; $5075
•N. J.. Stand (owner) with J. A. Cotter and
E.~"N. . Jones . (contractors), architect N ¦ J
StaniJ — All work for a five-room frame cot
tage on lot on the ~W line of Church street. 30
N of Jersey, N 25 ; $1940.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas Griffiths to same., same; gift.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma- L. Mer
rltt and W; R. H. Adamson. executors) to
United States of America, right of way for
sewer on lands of deceased between Fort Miley
and the Paciflc Ocean at a point In E direction
of about 100 yards from the projection of
Land's End; ?- .
•Hessle McKean Scott to Solomon Get*, lot
on N line. of v-allfornia street. 82:6 E- of
Twenty-third avenue,. E 60 by N 100; -$10.
• Charles -S. ¦' and Emma L. Brundage to Mur
ray F. Vandall. lot on W line of Seventh ave
r.ue. 125" S. of K street. S 100 by W 120; $10.
San "Francisco Lumber Company (corpora
tion) to Alfred and Christine "Howklns. lots 17
and 18, block P, Park Lane Tract 4; $10. •
Alliance .Building: and Loan Association to
Frances G. Griffiths (wife of Thomas), lot on
NE line of Fifteenth avenue south.. 150\SE of
Q street. SE 25 by NE 100, lot 42. block °32
O'N. and H. Tract; $S50.
Clinton E. and Evelyn T. Worden to Georg*
W. Haas, lot on W line of Mason street, 77:6
N of Geary. N 60 by W 77:6: 510. • •
William E., George W." and Belle MIghell to
Isaac Liebes, lot on SE corner of Jones and
Turk streets, E 57:6 by S 82:6; $10. !
Sarah Rodgers (Rosenbaum) to Albert sM..
Samuel M. and Charles W. Rosenbaum uhdf
vlded one-quarter of lot on SW line of" Front
»i r : e 8 et by (n s o w s?$-i2& ! * s&a&fe SE
• Sara -A. Winans (by B.' P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbernia- Savings and Loan Society
lot on N line of Clay street. 137 :0 E of Powell
E 68:9,-N 77;6, W 2,' N 60. W 66:9 S 137:6
$12,000. ¦ .. • . .
Sarah Rodgers - (Rosenbaum) to -Albert M..
Samuel M. and Charles W. Rosenbaum and
Virginia and. Julia Strassburger, undivided
one-sixth of following: 'Lot on S line of Com
mercial: street. 107:11 W of Kearny, W 80 by
S 60; lot on NE corner of California and Front
streets, E 43:6 by N 6S; lot on SW corner of
Pine and Kearny streets. W 39:2 by S 51; lot
on SE corner • of Eddy and Taylor streets. E
155, S 137:6. W 75. N 30. E 80. N 107:6; undi
vided 1-54 of lot on SW corner of Fifteenth
and Folsom streets, W 245 by S 300; undivided
1-18 of lot on NE corner of Battery and Pine
streets. N 91:8 by E 87:6; also undivided 1-18
of following: Lot on E line of Kearny street,
77:6 N of Bush, N 60 by E 57:6; lot on SE
line of Laldley street. 338 SW of Roanoke. SW
50 by SE 100, lots 153 and 154, block 3. Fair
mount Land Association; lot on NW lino of
Chenery street, 313 SW of Roanoke, W 25 by
NW 100. lot 156, block 3, same; lot on NW
line of Chenery street, 363 SW of Roanoke, SW
23 by-NW 100, lot 158, block 3. same; lot on
SW line of Mateo street 25 NW of Chenery,
NW 25 by SE 112, lot 183, block 6. same; lot
on NW line of Mateo street. 75 NW of Chenery.
NW 25 by SW. 112. lot 185. block 6. same:
lot on SE line of Chenery street. 438 SW of
Roanoke. SW 50 by SE 125, lota 165 and 166.
block 2, same; undivided 1-54 lot on E line
of Harrison street. 19 N of Fifteenth. N 99, E
35. SW. 65, SW 45; undivided 1-54 of lot . on
NE corner of Harrison and Fifteenth streets.
E 3:5, NE C2, SW 45, S 19; also undivided 1-18
of following: Lot on NE corner of Vallelo and
Pierce streets,. E 175 by N 137:6; lot on N Una
.of Vallejo street, 235 E of Pierce. E 40 by N
137 :6; - lot - on E line of Pierce street, ' 137 :C
N of Vallejo, E 273. N 29:9, SW 275, S 27:6:
$100.' i- ¦ . .. ¦ ¦.; •
Michael Begjey (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbernia Savings ' and Loan So
ciety, lot on S line of Seventeenth street, 65
"W of Sherman, W 60 by S 75; $3400. -
Alfred Johnson to ¦ Emiile Johnson (wife),
lot on W "line 5 of Belvedere street, 160 N of
Frederick. N 25 by W 120; gift.
Louis and Rose Lipman .to Cornelius C.
Murphy, lot on E line of Stanyan street, '50
N of Frederick. N 25 by E 106:3; $10. .
William and Margaretha Ji Koenitr to i Annie
Ev Tiernan (widow), lot on W line of.Tremont
avenue, 253:9 N of Frederick street, N'23 by
W 80:3; $10. . .
Harriet E. and John Barneson to Thomas R.
Turner, lot on E line of Central avenue (Lott
street), 30 N of Halght street. N 25 by E
112:6; $10. , ' - -• ¦.-¦¦ x .
Mary S. Konlg (widow) to Jacob- J.'^Wernll.
lot on S line of .Union . street, 290:5 W of
Baker." W 2S by S 150: $10. ¦ :¦ :
City and County of San Francisco to Pru
dence D. and Mary J. Hale, lot on N line or
Pine street. 223:5*4 W of Pierce, W 51:6%
by N 137:0;'$ . .
s John P. Frieden to Annie T. Haynes, : lot on
N line pf Fell street, 192:6 W ot Octavla, W
27:6 by N 120; $10. , .
WilllamX Haynes to same (wife), same: grifty
.' John Coughlen to. Frances Coe. lot on N tins
of Greenwich street. 131:3 W of Laguna, W
50 by N 137:6; gift. •
Charles and Mary G. Josselyn to Harry W.
Tuckey. lot on S line of Green street, 192:6
W of Buchanan. W 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
/ John P. Murphy, to John P. Doherty, lot on
S line of McAllister street, 87:6 E of Flllmore.
E 25 by S 100; also lot on S line of Clay street.
102:6 W of Baker. W 35 by S 102:8*4:, $10.
Hannah N. Havlland to Hartland Law, lot
on NW corner- of Paciflc and Van Ness ave
nues. N 60 byW 124:0; $10. : - i
Ernest R. and Bella Lllienthal to George H.
Palmer, lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 31
S of Brush street. S 40 by E 84; $10.
SATURDAY. MARCH 22.
HEAL ESTATE TKANSACTIONS.
After the conclusion of the programme
the. floor was cleared for dancing, and the
young ladies served refreshments and raf
fled a number of valuable articles. The
festivities were .continued until" a late
hour in the evening. .
Fan ballet. Misses Phoebe Dunn, Mlra Har
ris andvLorlne Allen, pupils of~ Mi38 D'En
nery's dancing school; sons and dance. Miss
Irene Sugarman; tarantella. Miss Camllle Car
lyle, by courtesy of Miss D'Ennery: violin solo.
Master Joe Livingston; cake walk.'- Misses
Phoebe Dunn and Mlra Harris: sonr 'and
dance, Miss Eva and Master B. Lerner: fancy
toe dancl ns, Miss Fannie Gutman: recitation.
MlfS Hazel. Sexton, courtesy of Von. Meyerlch
School; sone and dance. Miss Ho r tense Haas;
Yankee Doodle dance. Miss Lorlne Allen; sons.
Master Alfred Siesler: son? and dance. Misses
Queenle Tllton and Maud Sharp; French dance.
Miss Emma Herrscher, courtesy of Miss
D'Ennery; 'grand carnival march. . orchestra,
under the" leadership of Albert Haas,- accom
panied by. Mlsa Piser. . ¦¦¦
JEWISH YOUNG LADIES
t* ENTERTAIN MANYi.FBIENDS
Willing Workers of Bush-Street Syna
gogue ' Prepare Programme - for
~\ .-. - ' Pleasure of Visitors.
Under the auspices of the Willing "Work
ers, a society of young ladles attached to
the Bush-street synagogue, ah Interesting
Purim festival was given' yesterday after
noon at Golden Gate Hall. The audience
was large and appreciative andstestified
to Its appreciation of the worlc of the
juvenile artists, who contributed to the
programme by hearty applause. -
The following was the programme pre
sented: i :¦¦: . \ "
THE SAN FRANCISCO; GALL, MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1902:
9
OAKLINpiEfflSEMENTS.
OFFICE— II18 '^BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VD REAL* ESTATE. v
GEORGE :W. AUSTIN, •- sl.v;- - .
;-. . ¦ ¦ 460 TENTH ST., OAKLAND.
$1000 — Cozy cottage'of 5 rooms; hot and cold
water; hall; porcelain ;slnk.".etc. ; newly -paint-
ed and • parered; sunny side; ' street 'work and
walks complete ; near cars - and school ; terms
If desired; 1743 Filbert st, near Twenty-sixth;
go and see it; owner will be. there. . .
$2350 — Modern cottage of 6 rooms; bath; high
basement; bay-window; brick foundation, etc. ;
all In fine condition; Iot'50xl25 feet, with stone
walks/open lawn. . etc. ;, on -Myrtle- stj close
in ; location very desirable. -^ .- ; ¦ _ ¦¦
' $3750— Owaer away ; ' a genuine i snap j _ per-
fect, little gem of a home; 7 rooms; porcelain
bathfetc; lawn," stone walks.- etc.; -choice lo-
cation; strictly residential; $1000 cash will do;
j could not be built nicer. _ ¦'_ j \ ¦'.,'¦' V.
. , V GEORGE W. AUSTIN.' _
.'. / " .V" 460 Tenth St.. Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. _ ; \> ¦
New pretty. homes. 5 to S.rooms; all mod-
ern: prices moderate;. vacant 40- foot lots; $800
to. $1000; elevated above the street and Includ-
ing street' work complete; . on -. Merrimac or
Twenty-eighth . sts.. between Telegraph ave.
and Grove st. ; choicest and ; cheapest property
In Oakland;- close -fn and handy to schools and
churches. See W. T.' HARRIS on the prem-
ises or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, -
• \ ¦¦ 460 , Tenth st. . Oakland.
$0 50- MONTHLY — Finely '. equipped chicken
ranch, 2 acres; rich soil; plenty good water;
» large broodery; 3. brooders and number of
¦ chicken houses; modern Incubator; bone mill
• and meat grinder; fencing and 'garden tools;
475 chickens, 5 ducks, 1 cow; price $500; the
land can be had at a bargain; close to steam
and electric cars, also model' school; see this
at once: time limited: call or send for cir-
cular. 435 /Seventh ¦ _t,. opposite: Broadway
station,' Oakland ;.. carriage free..
WANTED — Contractor to build flats In this
* city and take a 'ot In .Oakland as part pay-
ment : ..Box C. Call branch. 300 Hayes st. ¦
OAKLAXD FIIJBMSHED HOUSES.
860—9 ROOMS; 2 or 3 years' lease; adults only;
references." Call between 10. a., m. and 3
p. m. at 1504 Franklin Bt.. Oakland.- • .
OAKLAKD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this montb. K.
6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland. ,
. ROOMS FOR HO tSEKEEPING.^
CLAY 1629 — 2 nicely furnished rooms; gas arid
bath. CalI1528 Polk st j . ;
FIFTH,- 353 — Furnished • housekeeping . 3 con-
nectlng rooms. $12; 2. $10; single. $4 up. -..
FULTON,- 671-^2 -furnished- rooms .for -.house-
keeping entrance; no children; $12.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 216 — Basement, 2 sunny
rooms and kitchen, furnished. -$14. . yy ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200— Sunny unfurnished
front rooms; also single -room, furnished. • -
HOWARD,' 1063— 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished front bay-window rooms;. range;
-. $10; others. . .
MCALLISTER. '636 — 2. nicely furnished : sunny
suites; gas range; phone; bath; laundry; $10
' and- $14. ¦¦ ¦ ¦' '-'-• ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦ -• ¦¦ » '
MINNA, 514. near Sixth — Housekeeping rooms.
"OAK, 117 — Changed hands; renovated and new-
. ly furnished; 2-room suites,- $12 to- $18; adults.
O'FARRELL, 1315 — Entire lower floor, 3 rms.',
unfurn.; yard; laundry; $15; phone Scott 858.
POST, 717 — Two- large pleasant ' .rooms on
ground floor; two .beds. :¦' ' ¦ .'¦
POWELL, "722 — 3 sunny furnished rooms for
; housekpg.";. reasonable; small private- family.
POWELL. 1008, -cor. Clay— 2 sunny rooms, $16;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
STOCKTON. 1206 — Single ' housekeeping "rooms
i " to let. $4,. $6, $10^ gas and stove.-
TWO sunny furnished housekeeping rooms,
. with yard. .607% Leavenworth st : ;
VALENCIA, 191 — 2 small sunny rooms,: furn.
for hskpg. ; running ¦ water; use of bath; $8.
VAN NESS ave..; 1004 — Front parlors unfur-
nished; cheap; two furnished rms., $18;3. $24.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
' received at Call - branch, of flee, 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Fan a. and Vnfnrn.
A — FREE' list furnished rooms to let; with or
'^without,', board;-- 'we' save --you -.walking, the
streets.' Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
¦ , - *'"¦-. ¦ - ¦
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant
sunny;. 75c day upward; rates by., week ; or
month; McAllister. cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached.—-
A — BRUNS WI.CK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms,.
| 25o to $1 per. night;. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping. rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
-week or month; bath, phone. . 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
. nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished..
CLEMENTINA, 2S7. second floor — Furnished
.room. for young girl. • • .
CLIFFORD,' 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-^Elegantly
¦ furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADjqRO, 703— Cheap room for a lady,
. with ,^he privilege, of the house. -..--
ELLIS," 321 (Mozart)—- Nicely .furnished rooms,
' 85C, $1 00 night;. ?1 50, $0 wk.; open all night.
GEARY,. 405 (The Navarre)^-Elegantly furnish-
' ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
. home at moderate charges; suit, single, elevat.
HARRISON, , 1122B — Large sunny bay window
' front parlor; 'folding-bed; -new and modern
flat; private. ' '¦'. , , : ' ¦
HOWARD, .1253. near, Ninth— Newly furnished;
•sunny room; .one or. two : gentlemen; $8.- (
LARKIN, 9O1A, cor. Geary— Sunny front room,
nicely furnished; light, housekeeping; $8.: .
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites:
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, : 667,; corner Eighth— Newly 'furnished
¦ bay-window room, $1 per week; transient: r
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms;. $2 a week up; 38c a day up.
O'FARRELL,.- 20^-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O' FARRELL, 279— Bay-window room, first
. floor: sunny rooms,' $1 3D, $2 50 week; house-
keeplng, $10. month. . . ¦•¦-..¦
O'FARRELL, 324— A 'sunny suite suitable for
.physician's offices or man and wife.
.PINE, •' 80O— Sunny, ¦ corner, ' handsomely - fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen in private' family.
POLK, 453^-2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. /¦ . > r
POST.'203— Nice, rooms, $1 50 to $2 50 per
week; transient- ¦¦ '•¦- |
ROYAL House, 126 EUIs— Incandescent light..
i reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1. 60; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30i elevator on ground
• floor; rooms with' hot and. cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment. House, 28 Eighth St.,
• near . Market — Furnished' or unfurnished.
TWELFTH, 111— Large sunny front room, with
• alcove: private family; reas. ; phone & .bath.
Vendome/ 1104 Markets-Changed ' hands; newly
renovated; ' furn.- 8Ulte8. Mra. V. : W. . Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
..-• received at Call Branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
/ UOOMS.ASD BOARD. 7 _"S^3
M^REDltTirI?^18^T^rk^mmy~f^^
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
- - flrst-class board ; . reasonable ;jphone South 829.
$18^-LARGE' front, room for 2, separate beds;
central; Spanish , family ;' table .', practice;
' phone John 239g. : 1021 Washington - st. ;.-. .
BOARD "and room V for two gentlemen; good
table and: bath; reasonable:.' 1044 Ellis st ' «
CALIFORNIA; 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select-
."¦¦ family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.',
JOHNSON. * The." 605 '.O'Farreil— Nice home;
vgood table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
Lambourne; 420 > Eddy— High-class hotel; furn.
suites and slngle;-steam heatr board optional.
VAN • NESS; 519— Handsome furnished sunny
-, suites,' single rooms;- flrst-class .table- board/.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front and ' back'
- suites;- e_ cellent -board; .terms reasonable.'... ¦',
, ; ROQMSj AND .BOARD -WAOTED.'
.YOUNG lady occupied' during. the ? day' desires
.home in prl vats family; central location pre--
ferrtd.- / Address ¦¦ box- 4683, . Call office. . .>>
. .. ...-,- . roOMSiWASTBD;-:;:;- \
WANTED — By a gentleman," 2 or. 3 rooms with
bath; -Western: Addition; best' of • references
.furnished.^ .Box 4340, •; Call 'of flee. :•¦ ¦¦¦ >¦-. ....
TYPEAVRITERS AJtli SUPPLIES. • . ,
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
¦ sell better machines, for less money than any
? , -house Jn the elty;-.renUls $3. .The Typewriter
Exchange, 630 California: telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter 1 Inspection ¦ Co.— Expert '"
typewriter doctors ; et tlmate free. 200 Sansome.
REAL RESTATE— -CITY — -FOR:: SAtiE.
EASTON. ELDRIDG_TX^COv^63S Market" St.
I AUCTION.
" ' AUCTION. "¦-'¦ -."•¦.'• '¦ • •¦
- AUCTION. -'< " ' '
TUESDAY. . ........... ... .March 25. 1902. '
At Our Salesroom. No. 638 Market st
' At 12 O'clock Noon. - . -VV *.-.¦
SIXTH STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East side (Nos. 425 and 427) Sixth st, 325
feet south of Harrison, and west side (Nos.
44-46> Morris ave 350 feet south of Harrison
st. two 2-story frame dwellings. 7 rooms and
bath each and renting for $«JO0 per annum, on
Sixth st and two 2-story frame dwellings, o
rooms each renting for J2S8 per annum, on
Morris ave.; lot 50x160x25x75 feet. :; u -,- ; , i^\;
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side (Nos 650-652) Oak st, ¦ 75 feet
east of Fillmore; two modern flats. 5-6 rooms
and bath; sunny side of street;- lot 25x87:6
feet. .....'¦
" 'i™' '' MISSION HOME. ' M \
West side <No.- 024> Shotwell sW 240 .feet
north of Twenty-fourth; two-story house of 0
rooms and bath In a fine neighborhood^, large
lot, C5xlC5 feet ¦ ' • •
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
West side (No. 727) - Ashbury st. 267:3 feet
south of Waller; a fine large modern fo-story
residence 10 rooms and bath, etc.; all the
latest' Improvements and very desirable; lot
| 25x111.
£V-r OCEAN VIEW BLOCK. -
West End Map No. 2, block 10. bounded by
Wyoming. Huron. Aherman and Farragut
aves.; within a block of railroad and electric
cars: 10 lots. 80x237:6 feet each: improvements
8- room bouse with bath windmill an'l tank;
lot 400x475 feet. .'»'. ' _J
SOUTH OF MARKET - INVESTMENT.
. North side (No. 26) Welch st. 150 feet east
of Fourth; three tenements in good condition,
renting for $276 per annum: lot 20xS0 feet
ySj^- : ''",¦ MISSION LOTS. : ,
South line of Twenty-ninth st, 101 -.9 feet
west of Diamond; four fine lots, - only a short
distance from the Twenty-ninth or Castro st.
cars; lot 25:5%xl» feet- each. .
Vj^-'V MISSION RESIDENCE. • y
West .side (No. 1406) Guerrero xt, "63 feet
south of Twenty-sixth; a fine large two-story
residence 11 rooms and bath; large lot. 50x
155 feet.
MISSION IMPROVED PROPERTY.
, South side (No.-. 4041) Eighteenth. St., 25 feet
cast of Hartford; flat of 4 rooms and btable 9
stalls in rear; store could be finished off un-
der flat at a small expense; lot 25x75 feet
. '• FULTON STREET CORNER. . ?
Northeast corner of • Fulton st and Parker
ave. ; fine large • unimproved lots, level and-
ready for building; corner 28:10%xl09:8 feet,
and four, inside lots 25x109:8 feet. . . - , '
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
North side of Twenty-second st.,. 60 feet
west of Florida; fine lot; lever and ready 'for
building; 25x104. . =
. . EASTON. ELDRIDGE A "CO.
JOSEPH ETRAUB ~ ~ T 77 - [ ~
• 850 Market St., corner Stockton,
Telephone Grant 177.' .. -
Real Estate Agent. « ¦.''¦.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. - .
$7,000 — Six flats on Harrison st, between 4tb.
and 5th; 25xS6; -rent $636 per annum.
$3,800 — New' two-story house In -the Mission;
good sunny corner, with stcre. :
$12,500 — Three new flats on Page st.. near Ash-
s ¦ bury; rents : $112-50 per month.
$8,500 — Jackson St., near Baker; three modern
flats; rents $81 50 per month. . ¦
$20,000 — House and lot nr. Stockton and Sutter.
$-0,000, cash, balance' on easy terms — A very
good Income-producing property of 12
flats and residence of 9 rooms; stable,
chicken yard; lot. in rear to build on;
rents $3500 per annum. ¦ .
(10,000 — Bay-window house of 8- modern flats;
. rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
Scott st, near Geary; worth $12,000. .
$8,000— New . modern 2rstory ¦ and basement
house; stable ; garden In front;. Ellis.
$2,500 — Harrison and Twenty-sixth sts.; cor-
r J '.ner lot, 25x100.. "• -' .
$350— Corner lot, near Thirty-fourth and
Mission sts.; 75x25. > , ; '.,- *•_;:
I $250 each — Four lots, 25x75,- near Thirty-
fourth and Mission sts. _ .'
West Berkeley — Corner lot on -.Bancroft way..
and Seventh st. - '<. •'¦
$500— 4th st., bet Channlng and. Bancroft
way; sewered; sidewalk; lot 52x135.
$600— Lots 22 and 23, Raymond tract: Ban-
* croft way and Eighth st; 100x100.
$600— Lot 22; Mitchell st, near San Pablo
ave.; 60x100. .
East Oakland — On Louis St., near Prospect; for
- - • sale or exchange for city property.
Mill Valley — Cottage ot four rooms, furnished;
lot 126x300; price $2000. . ...
Campbell, Santa Clara County— Cottage of flv«
rooms;, lot 40x120; price ;$75g... . _
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
A— WESTERN ADDITION. . '
Two flats and dwelling;. cars pass. the door;
Jarge-lot: 61 feet frontage;- present, rents $42,
can be increased; $1500 cash, balance monthly
installments $39. per month; the rents,wlll buy
the property. • ' ¦ .• '•• /'.r->r . .
An elegant residence on Ashbury" Heights;
everything modern and up to date;, cars pass
premises: lot 50x106; property la this locality
is, rapidly increasing In value. _
' J, . MISSION RESIDENCE. ; •
Situated in warm belt, 9 rooms and bath,
with large attic, which could be made into
three additional rooms or billiard-room at small
expense; house with every convenience; lot 65x
100; must be seen to be appreciated. .
As owner Is compelled to leave city will sell
at prices that will interest you. No agents.
Address Owntr t box 4331. Call. .. ' -
A— $1000 HOME for $5 60 per month. ..
Receiving credit for $5 per; month. .
A $2000 home for $11 per month.
.Receiving credit for $10 per month. • i • '
A $3000 home for $16 50 per month.
Receiving credit for $15 per month.
These homes can be bought anywhere, to cost
any ' amount ¦ . ¦ •*-•-.'
Cost of carrying contract to maturity; $2 60
per month, receiving credit for $_. Inveatigats
at once. • ¦ • , < ¦ "•
- PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATIVE CO., •
Room 400. Callaghan building.
. 1312 Market st'.
. San Francisco. Cal. .
A— 16-ROOM hard finished • bullding, : . two'
¦ stores below; large bakehouse in rear; four
adjoining cottages; 6 lots with corner front-
age, 140x200; located in Swr Diego; * famed
for its beautiful bay and charming climate;
will sell at a, bargain or exchange for Im-
proved or unimproved property In San Fran-
cisco. Oakland or Berkeley. RICHARD J.
MONTGOMERY. 11 Montgomeiy St.. S. F.,
or 407 Ninth St.. Oakland. . / -
JOSEPH STRAUB. U . • .. . ' ¦•' - '
I 850 Market et., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. • . .
Real Estate Agent • .- • \. •
Property Bought and .Sold.
Rents Collected. . \ '
CORNER Filbert and -Jones sts., containing 4
modern flats with I basements; lt% 42:0x70;
price $8250; particulars of owner. 1014 A
' Greenwich ct. . : - '
SNAP— Price $2S00; only $1300 cash needed;
pays 1\L per cent net; Chinatown.:' Address
Owner, box 4328, Call. \ '
FOR Sale — Lot 27:6x137:6, on car-line, east of
.. Polk st. and north of Sutter; fine position for
• flats; principals only apply. 317 California,
POTRERO house and lot. 25x100; cheap; 4
rooms; $500 cash, balance to suit. Owner,
box 4349. Call office. \. : "
FOR" eale— House of 8 rooms and bath; sunny;
y- on car line. . For particulars inquire at 130S
Guerrero St., near 25th. . ¦ • (
$200 — LOT on lower terrace, .close- to' Seven-
teenth and j Ashbury. ' Inquire j 133 Vale/snla,
$5750— NICE flats, well rented; choice location-
Mission. Owner, box 4688. Call office. .
$17.500 — Business property stores and furnished
-flats. Owner, box 4318, Call office..
$5600 — SACRIFICE; nice flats. Mission warm
,,, belt; choice location. Owner, box 4347, Call.
GEO. NEWTON. 759 Market; city and country
real estate; lodglng-hquses; phone Black 5491.
PAPERING room walls. $1 50; painting, $1;
whitening. 75c. ' PAINTER. 315 Golden Gate.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS.
'^ ALAMEpAjfR.EAlC.^ESTATE. ry .
FOR. sale — Cholcts lot on Santa Clara' ave. and
Sherman st; new tract; part of . an old es-
tate;, great bargain; will; build, to suit;
terms. New -cottage of 0 rooms 'on ¦ Weber '
st, lot 60x120; only $2650.
J. H.i- YOUNG,. Builder, '
<¦ : '--J ¦¦• ¦-'¦¦¦- .1243 Park st, Alameda.'
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
¦- : BERKELEY'rEAi/ ESTATE. ' . -,
-NEW 5-room cottage; bath, mantel,-, basement;
, sewered; corner lot, • 40x100; Golden Gate.' '
•' $1700— $600 ! cash. ' balance ¦ monthly;. 4-room'
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
cewered; lot 60x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train. •'-'¦' •'•¦-¦ ¦ ; -•--"• ' * -..*- ¦.•¦.•
. $1760 — $550 cash, balance- flat loan. : Paclflo
Home' Building Company, 33 Nevada block,
Ean Francisco., . , . .. '' . . ¦
CQTTAGE - of 7 rooms j and bath; clch base-
reent; easy payments. _URDOCK; 614 Pine.
Mill^
: MILL VALLEY REAL. : ESTATE.
S.. H. .ROBERTS, real estate and Insurance,
Mill Valley,. Cal.— Houses to rent/furnished
"and unfurnished. . by the season or ; year: 1m-
: proved and unimproved property - for. sale. ¦ -
. 'OCEAJT TRAVEL. = i
STEAMERS- WILL LEAVE WHARF.- COR-
ner First and Bcannan streets, at 1 p. nv
for. YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No ' cargo . received on > . board on day of
saiiins- ¦ ' ; ¦¦ • - •. ,
SS. HONGKONG MARU. . . : . .... ... ; . •
-....-.... ....... ...Tuesday. April -15th.- 1002"
SSi NIPPON MARU .Friday, May 9th.' 1902
6S. AMERICA MARU....... :.......•.
• :-....... v: Wednesday, June 4th, 1902
> Round-trip tickets ' at- reduced rates.- For
freight and passage apply. at company's office,
421 Market street, comer First.. : ¦-.. ¦ .- --.
... W. H. AVERY. General Agent \
PACIFIC STEAW^NAVIGAflON CO.
And Cia Sue] Americana da Vaporas
To Valparaiso.': stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard. 3, . pier 10, 12.. m.' : • ' • .
COLOMBIA"! ..April 5 GUATEMALA.. Apr —
TUCAPEL V. .April 11> PALENA .May —
These steamers are built ¦ expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.' (No
change at Acapulco or Panama).. Freight. and
passenger office. 316 California street
. BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Oen. Ajceata.
MUSICAL ISSTnL T -IEST-~^Con. ~
WE oSer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices I roro. SS5 up. . F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO. % corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR pianos, the leading maker;; price $100 up-
ward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
ELEGANT $550 upright piano; handsome c-asn
and tone; must cell, account sickness Sll
O'Farrell st. .-. :; \ ' :-,;'¦
ABSOLUTE sacrifice — Beautiful tone high-grado
. upright piano; going East: 811 O'Farreil st.
3 LEADING pianos, Steinway. Chickering.
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 172a Mission.
WANTED — Four gedd squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post st
2 ELECTRIC self-playing pianos; bargain*.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post st ¦
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 upright*, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMIT- & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and -new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The "Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO _._T.
Large' store with baset.. front. Clay-Merchant,
above Montgomery; lease. Keys 63(S Clay.r.l. I
TWO large rooms to let for office or light
manufacturing business. ' 123 Mason st. j
OIL. .
FOR rale or exchange — Oil stock: best district:
paid capital $1,000,000: non-assessable. Ad-
dress box 4373. Call office. ., .
OIL tanks 2nd-hand. In' good order: all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
F_1>'TEIIS AND DECORATORS.'
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMA1NE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
~~ I'AL.-llSTRY. ; ._
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 14% and 15. The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket St.; hours from 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
. Post st., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist 515
Taylor st. bet Geary and Pcst;tel.Black 561.
¦--.- PEHSOXALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to" order,
$15; with these suits we. make an e\t'ra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments,. $1' weekly. L.LEMOS, 1117 Market
st, between Seventh and Eighth.
' "WANTED— A ' man posted on Eastern lumber
and shingle business' with $25,000 capital to
purchase a complete - shingle - and ' finishing
plant on Humboldt Bay. Address N. H.
PINE, Eureka. Cal. . -
WHY guess? You can be certain of 6tyle and
fit by using Standard .Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.Cth-
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
25c- to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same be white shirts ;: selection 300 patterns.
ARTISTIC hairdresslng, any style, 25c; sham-
pooing, 60c; hair dried in 10 minutes; mani-
cnrlng, 25c. p. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
MONEY leaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st ¦
WHIT-Tenamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or doable, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING ;
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn halrdresslng, hair work; man-
lcurinK. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
bet Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor, 721 Market st % - .
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
NEUHAUS Sc CO.. merchant tailors. 115
Kearny st
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.3320*Farrell; send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, .427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous* hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan ; ; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal cos turner. 26 O'Farreil; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.-— (rK.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1;' at. all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits; $7 50; dress pants. $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DIt LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
beet corn cure. 25c: all druggists. ,
PHYSICIANS AKD SURGEONS.
AN established paying medical business for
sale at a bargain; a splendid opportunity for
a registered* qualified physician to secure a
specialist's practice which is clearing over
$5000 a year; name, . lease, good will, furni-
ture, fixtures, etc., all go; the fullest Op-
portunity will be given the right party for
investigation; only those who mean business
need apply; satisfactory reason for selling
given. Box 4511, Call office. » - »s
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until -cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; -consul-
, tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. « Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER,~lady physician and
surgeon, at Ilg2 Market st; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O' DONNELLrr-Of flee and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
~~ SPECIAL. JfO— ICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10;- tel. 6580.
SEWING MACHINES AKD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 205 4th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES. ' -
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sta. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Ml»-
¦slon Bt; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st:
tel. Malar 1840: shipping at cut rates.'
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
REAL ESTATE--COU.\TRY--For Sale
$40,000 — 126-ACRE orange grove, 30 acres bear-
Ing: Fresno Co. $6000 — 100 acres -fine orange
land, free water, Fresno Co. $13,000 — 1550
acres improved stock ranch, exchange, Men-
doclno Co. $3000 — 10 acres fine garden land,
building, near Hay wards. $6000 — 126 acres.
50 acres^ fruit, income $1800, near Placerville,
exchange. $2200 — C»4 acres fruit, house and
barn, exchange, near Vacaville. • $1000 — 160
acres level land, timber and water, exchange,
Lake Co. $2000 — 6 acres garden land, build-
ing; fenced, "exchange, Monterey Co. $10,000
— 2>4 acres, fine building, fruit- and grounds.
In San Jose City, exchange. $8700 — 58 acres,
20 acres bearing apples, 25. acres varieties,
fine buildings, near Sonoma Co., income
$2000. exchange. HEALY & CARR, .6 Eddy
et, phone James 2771. .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^ —
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre; on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
6an Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming.- Apply
to The Cotatl CO.. S02 California . Bt:. for
pamphlets and information. . ,,
A DE8CRIPTIVE catalogue, published week-
ly, free to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
scribing all classes of country property, after
a personal inspection, for sale and. exchange
by N. D. Sickels, the Land. Agent.. 6 Geary.
$5500— SAWMILL' in flrst-class order; 15,000 ft.
capacity daily and 160 acres red wood; "6,000. -
000 feet and more land if desired; good pay-
ing business; near -Uklah: a bargain on ac-
count of slckners. • ROTHERMEL & MER-
.RELL. 607 California st • " , .'¦ .„'"•:.
Santa' Clara Valley,'- San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. B; F.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
- lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY «r CARR. 6 Eddy st. '
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange^— Beautiful home, in San
Jose; convenient in every respect; reasonable;
' ' no agents. Particulars box 4323, Call office.
MISCEL-AyEOCS— -FOR SALE.
SOiLERS. enslnes. 2a-ha^a^nTc^Tn^ry7~McIN^
TOSH & TVOLPMAN. 1S5-197 Fremont et.
SS H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
boiler complete ; .$ 300
«0 h. p. Heine safety tube boiler 1F.0
40 h. p. Atlas engine ..225
30_S f <*et return tubular boiler 7^50
4Sxl6 return tubular boiler 3.%0
« h. p. upright boiler .: - 75
10.000 feet v.-ater pipe, all sizes; belting till
you can't rest. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
A — BUVP-^sells or rente pear, machinery, en-
gines, boners, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool table*; easy terms or rented. The
Brur.FWlck-Balke-Collender Co.. C52 Mission.
SEALSKIN, elegant duality. Just remodeled
and lined; same as new; 38 bust; original cotft
$250; for S100 cash. Box A, B. C Call offle.
FOR sale — To be removed lmme<3iately: a mod-
. «rn i>-room house in good condition; open
for mspectloa. 2312 Steiner Bt.
A — $3 50 DFRBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
Ur Price Hatters. 338 Kearny et.. near Pin*.
FINE su.ts. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery et.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket tor tale for $65. Port-
land Lean Office. 25 Stockton st.
WANTED — To sell SO yards English Inlaid
linoleum, good as new, at 7A Eddy sti
ALMOS1* new Waltz safe, cost ?150. at^hall
price. 1C0S Washington st.. Oakland. ~. .
FIRST-CLASS city route on evening paper for
eale; party going East. Box 4882. Call.
FRENCH plate mirror,- elegantly framed, 9x5
feet. May be seen at 9 Beale st.
ALL sizes men'* shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. EC3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, gold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. S19 Market.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried Jn stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns', new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post et.
ICEW home and Domestic ce-» ring machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Ml»sion.
GASGL.INE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 390 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURTCE. 139 Beale ct. ¦ - - '
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE . HEU-
MAK SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t..
MISCELLANEOCS . WA3TTS_ V
TIMBER wanted— A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated so as to have a home market;
will pay stumpace or saw by contract. Ad-
dress box 44S4. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full firess and Tuxedo eults. Portland Loan
Office.- 25 Stockton, st. : phone Bush 4S4. '
WANTED — Ten dcxen Pekln ducks for breed-
ing. Box 4507. Call office.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
skins; send postal: will calL Box 4337, CalL
Wanted — 2d-hcnd electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectricalWks..418Turk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 ftth St.: t»l. Jessie 2S51.
__J MOXEY TO LOAJT. "
Jl — HERMAN MURPHY. U01-C02 Examiner bdg
(4.SO0.OO0 at Lowest Rates
......On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests In Estates
Property Being Held In Trust.......
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
.IF YOU NEED MONEY \
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300,<X« at 5Vi and 6 per cent in sums to salt;
¦City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies;- will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
¦ TeU-Hed 6021; 7th floor, Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no- delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
..24 Montgomery st-. room 3.......y.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18. '
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL i Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
¦ Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY ressect&ble private- place to cbtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate.. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
' lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery et.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit In city;
f 150, 000 on large ranches at fair- rates; sec-
ond mortga. R. J. Mercer A Son. 412 Pine.
CN real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 30 Geary at., room 3g.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on. furnl-
tare. pianos; no removal; low rates; conflden- '
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO........ 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal;, money
Quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Bt., room 68.
liOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bidg.. S01 Jones.
Private party; -confidential; lowest rates: pianos
A furniture: no removal. Garthels. 208 Post.
110 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. Bt Ann's 1>lcg., 6 Eddy, ra. 72. 4th fir.
f5 60 PER month repays $1000 loan; stop pay-
lng rent. MURDOCK. 514 Pine st
ONE per cent on furniture: $S a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L
STooey loaned salaried people without security. :
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
fi% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
Of furniture, pianos: low-eft rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
_T you want a home I will loan you mosey to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser: Eastern
plan; 'Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MCSICAX. LVSTRCMEXTS.
TO close out a few odd styles of pianos we
have marked the prices down very low, and
you can, while they last, secure a very great
discount on some specially good instruments.
Some of them have been sent as sample
pianos.. The instruments are all right and
as such fully warranted, but as the expense
''ot reshipment would be quite a sum. the
factory- is willing to make this sacrifice. We
fcave also the Decker-Wlssner and Bau-
rn«i«ters in all style?. Payments if you want
THE ZENO MAUVA\S MUSIC CO., .760
Market st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
•aid terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
EHERMAN, CLAY tc CO., Eteinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. »-
i a GREAT opportunity — We will rent or sell
60 new standard high-grade pianos at $3 60
a month. Some special bargains:
1 Knabe ... .$05 2 Chickerings $165
1 6ommer ...$38 1 Heine $235
1 Hyde $35 2 Steinway $265
\>w second grade. $98 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine HaU. 235-237 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos irom $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
g«con_-han_ organs from $25 up; new upright
' pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
_ON 16 to 20 O'Farreil. Checkering, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. .
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price: costs -you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, . SO
CFarrell et; established 1850. /
ARION harp zithtr; 42 strings; F. Schwarzer;
finely ornamented, in leather-covered, velvet-
- lined case; cost $143: for sale at $50. Ad-
dress R. BAUSKE. 655 Pine st
IX'DWIG pianos — Most popular of aJl. For eale
only by the Wiley B. Allefl Co., 831 Market
et. Ean Francisco. Agents Chase _ Baker
piano players. ly •
AUCTION! AUCTION! AUCTION!
Everything must go; PIANOS are selling
like hot cakes for storage. $40 up. WIL-
EON'S. STORAGE, JTIO Market st
i&HMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
i_«ster pianos: Epielmann piano* ; Cecil I an
.perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308/ 3I\
Tl2.Post st . ¦ ¦ ."• ..-
SMALL upright, $35; large cabinet ' grand up-
• right. $150: square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 Sth st. Ivers & Pond agts.
I-'PP.IGHT piano. $100; eplendld bargain; best
renting pianos in - city for $3 per month.
BCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st
AUCTION SALES
/tSS S^
CLOSINGOUT SALE
. . OF—
Horses, Vehicles and Harness.
Consisting of 15 perfectly broken horses. 80 car-
riages, surreys, wagons, phaetons, hard rubber
tired and " pneumatic wheeled buggies, road
carts, etc., and about &0 sets of slncla and dou-
ble harness, all in perfect order. This consign-
ment comprises the contents of the well-known
Fulton Livery Stable, at 246 Third st. . I have-
leased this place as an addition to the Occiden-
tal Horse Exchange, and will sell all the above-
at the latter place ¦ . . -
TO-MORROW.
¦-; - .TUE3DAY. March 23. 1002.
:S - Commencing at It o'clock a. m.
Entrances 721 HOWARD ST.. 225 TEHAMA
ST. and 246 THIRD ST.
: - WM. G. LATSC. Auctioneer.
OCEAU TBAVEL/
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' -' • Steamers leava ¦ Broadwa*
tBw-. Wharf, San Francisco:
l«3§i&_ N • For Ketchikan. Juaea'i.
eP&&_* i .^rM^^-i^i'r^r^
; l^^^_3^i For Victoria. Vancouver.
f ~mM«B8P p cr » Townsend.- SeattljjTa-
coma. Everett. New V%*\'
March 8. 13. IS. 23. 28. April 2. a_nt%
B.^ra Baa Porl leS 2os ¦*S^^?*£ZR
(is Angeles)-Spokane Sunda ys^ » •• «•.
State of California. Wednesdays. S L»- ™- ft -,_
For Los Angeles, ealllng at
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayuw. l^rt Ha^rtor4
<San Luis Oblspo). . Santo B» r ] bar %2l!? tt Sj
Hueneme. East Sam Pedro. San Pedro ana
•Newport <»Bonlta only). „ Aorll 8.
Bonlta. 9 a.m.. March T, ,18. 23. 31. 8.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. March 19. 27, April 4-
Foi El-ek-d-, Mkgdalena Bay. |s*J owdet
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. L» Pa«. S"* 1 * B _£?,T
lla and Guaymas (Me-.)— 10 «. n_. 7t_ at eac_
month
For "further Information obtala folder.
Hig-ht la reserved to change steamer- 08
sailing? dates. ' 1" ¦ ¦ ' -'
• TICKET OFFICE—*' New Moatgoaaerr
street (Palace Hotel). . ' ; tt.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. ; Oea> Agents,
. . , • .10 Market st.. SaaFr-nclsco.
LAS? EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO,
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
. Only.. $C0, including meals and^bertb, for tas
round trip, on board the Pacjflc . Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAJf
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th, due back April 27th.
calling at ENSEI^ADA. MAGDALEXA BAY.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO, MAZATI_\X, AL-
TATA; LA PAZ, SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS, Mexico. • :" • •
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. . For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4
Montgomery street, or 10 Market street. San
Francisco. : ' >
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR ...JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA .' . . . JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during season.
- Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May, 31. re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and State
of California made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight-, with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery st. .
(Palace Hotel). « ' *
GOODALL. PERKINS & to.; .Gent. Agents,
- • •-. * 1» Market St.. San FTancisco.
6. R. & N. CO,
Only Steamahlp XjIxxo t«_ v %
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Ltns from Portia-id lo nil
East. Through Tic ka is to all
points; all ratt or steamship nnd rail, a!
' LOWEST Xl^_. r X'3_S.
STEAXEE TIC--T3 1MCLUBS B.STH sal MS A13.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.'.. Mar.. S-f April 3. 13. 23
SS..GEO. .W. ELDER. Sails,.....; m
• :.: .........Mar. 29. April 8. 18. 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
P. W.-piTCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong-y. S. F.
NOME
\^^^^ SAILINGS.
.^^^P?"^*** THE . FIRST :CLAS3
.:\^S.:S.F>bRTLAND
i yA ' . y . -WILL. SAIL FOR '
NOME "direct
Leaving San Francisco^. ....... r . ...April 19th
Leaving Seattle : April 26U»
(Stopping at Unalaska only long enough to cc__>
For Freight and Passage Apply to,
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
645 Market at., San Franciaco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Pujtt
' '¦' ¦' Sound Agent. Seattle, Wash. •
PANAMA R, R. £ S ?
TO: NEW- YORK .VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Tree.
6. 8. Leelanaw . calls Friday, T Mar. 23
6. S. Arfiyll sails Friday. . May 2
From Howard-street "Wharf. Pier 10, at'2 p. m.
FreiKht and Passenger Office. 330 Market at.
. -F..-K. CONNOR. Paciflc Coast Agent. .
occanics.5.to. asiffiss
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti: ....;.;.;.....
Saturday. . Marc— 29. 10 a. m.
S3. ALAMEDA. for Honolnlu .-...;•
. . . r. .- Saturday. March- 29, 2 p. m.
S3. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, , Auck-
land and_Sydney...Thurs., April 10, ,10 a. mj
I. D. SPRECIELS 4 BEOS. CO., General Ms., 329 laimt
Giii Pass. O-ce, 613 Mar_et Si, PisrRo. -7. Paciflc St.
Trail Now Open-to
Nome, Teller and St. MicfaaeL
For. passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS- ALASKA COMPAXT.
• _ Crocker building.
Operating sttse lines between IUamna Bay
and above points.
COHPAGHIE GENSRALE TBANS-T-AKTIQITS
DIRfcCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS: !-_, ~
Sailins every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from, pier 42. j-'-i-TVCi
North River, foot of - Morton street. ,
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre,- |45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. .'3- - Broadway* (Hudson building). N«w
York. J.-F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc. CoasC
Asrents. S Montgomery avenue. San Franciaco.
- Ticket* ' sold by. all f Railroad . Ticket Asencs.
"¦ AMEHICAU XjXIV-S.
NEW'YORK. SOUTHAMPTOX. LONDON*.
St. -Paul. .Apl. 2». 10 amiPhllad'pha.Ap.tS.lO am,
St. Louis. .Apl. 0. 10 am St. Paul.. Apt. 23. 10am
. — _=___X> STAE. LiriHi.
' .¦•¦-. 'NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
- Friesland. . Apl. 2, noon Penn!and..Apl. 14, 3pm
Southwark..Ap. 0, noon' Vaderland..Ap. lti, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
tOhTWHTTirr;.-' 30 Montgomery st.
CHAS. P. TAYLOR. G.-.V P. C.
BAY: AND RIVER STEA-IESS.
FOR^U;:<S;:NAVY^YARD AMD^VALLEJO,
Steamers.GEN.; FRISBIS or . MOSTICELLO
9:*3 a.'ra., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m... except Sun-
day. Sunday.- S): 45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:U0 noon.' 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 30
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier - Mlsaion-streot dock. ' UATCJC
BROS , . . HBHMfaBM
:!;BipS^MRm(}ES--I)EATHS,
Biith, macriaco and death notices - sent ¦- by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at. either of the publication offices and be.
indorsed - with the name , and residence of per-
sons authorized to have . the . same published.
born.
BARTLETT— In -this city. March 13. 1002. to
the wife of George H. Bartlett. a daughter.
SCHENDEN— In this city. March 22. 1U02, to
. the wife of: John :M. Schenden.. a. daughter.
DIED.
. Bern. Alexander -^ Martensteln. Daniel
Bissell, Ernest L. / ' Martin, Bridget -
Brady. Philip -'-/-; Maynard. Gladys E.
- Brink. Walter G. McCMUvary, Margery
Clark, infant Morgan. NVilliam P.
Cunningham. Thos. Newman, „ Jeannette
De Smet, j Julius O'Brien, James J.
•'Felvey, Louisa Pollen, Mrs.Georglna
Helmholz. Catherine Raye, Rosa
. Howe, Harriet. Richards. Mae J. .
Kentfleld, George ;. Sullivan, Nora
' Little, Edward W. Sullivan. . Ellen
BERN— In this city, March 23.- 1002. Alexander
Bern, a native of Scotland, .aged 61 years.
A member of Court Ecllpse.No. 14, F._of A.
BISSELL-In, Alameda. March 22. 1902. Ernest
. L. Bissell. son of WV A. and Anna C. Bissell.
a_ed lti years. - •¦ ... '• ¦ ~ •" "-:•..'
. (CT Funeral from the Church, of the Ad-,
vent, San Francisco, to-day -(Monday), at
11:15 o'clock.- .-'¦ "•
BRADY-J-In this city. March 22. 1902,_ Philip
Brady, beloved husband of Mary Brady, and
father 6f Mamie Brady. Mrs. J. Schlinng
. and Mrs. G. Heinz, a native of Ireland, aged
C2 years tf months and 7 days. • ¦ . "¦-*
IE?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors or
. J.. Hairan, .445. Valencia street. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
BRINK— In this city. March 23, 1902, Walter
George Brink, dearly beloved son of Charles
H. and Henrietta Brink, -and brother of
Linda and Aetna Brink, r a native of San
Francisco, aced S years. 11 months and
; days. ¦ , ;•;... ..' -•
CLARK— In this city, March 23. 1002. beloved
, Infant -daughter- of^James W. , and Kittle
M. Clark, a, native of . San Franciaco.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. March 23. • 190?.
Thomas Cunningham, nephew of - Thomas
Ryan of Holllster. a native Of County Water-
2 ford, Ireland, aged 28 'years. •
CTRemalna at the . parlors of, McFadden,
McBreaxty & Green, 1171 <• Mission .. street.
Notice of funeral hereafter.- 'j . .
DE SMET— In this city. March 23. 1902. Julius
De Siriet, beloved husband of Lida De Smet,-
a native, of France, aged 36 years.
FELVEY— In this city, March' 23. 1802. Louisa,
¦ wife of Joseph J. Felvey. and mother of Bar-
, tholomew and Joseph Felvey, and daughter
• of Jeanette.and the late Constant De Barre.
¦j. and sister of Mrs. P. J. Hagan. J. Pi
Crcnan.- Mrs. E. C. Prior and Mathew,
- Louis and William *De Barre. a native of
San Francisco, aged 22 years and 15 days.
I_7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HELMHOLZ — In this city, March 21,-1002.
Catfcerine. beloved wife of • Edward- Helm-
holz, and mother of Henry Helmholz, a na-
tive of Oldenburg,- Germany, aged 48 years
9 months and 1 day. ':.•¦.
' C7"Frlends.and acquaintances ; are respect-
:fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
March 24, at 1 o'clock, from the jaarlors of
' H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be- !
.- tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
' Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
HOWE— In' this city, .March 22, 1902, Harriet
Howe, a native of , Massachusetts, aged 67
years. •"¦ ' :" . " . . ""¦¦_ . ' -' "^
KENTFIELD— In this city, March 23, . 1902,
George Kentfleld. aged 82 years. •¦
. C3T Remains at the' funeral parlors of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 190» Mission
.street,' between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. •
LITTLE— In Alameda, March 23, 1902, Ed- j
ward William, beloved and only son of Wil- j
Ham and Lillie Little, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 8 months and 12
days. ' • - . . '¦/
MAltTENSTEIN — In Niles, Alameda County.
.— Cal., March- 22. 1902, Daniel Martenstein,
beloved husband of Clara, and father of Clar-
: ence, Arthur, Alice and Walter Martensteln,
a native of Indiana, aged 50 years 10 months
and 12 days. .. .- • .¦: ¦'.-'- • -.
|C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, .from his late resl-
. dence, near Niles. Interment ¦ Odd Fellows'
Cemetery at Irvlnston. ; .
MARTIN— In this city, " March 23, 1902.
Bridget (Delia), beloved wife of Patrick ;
Martin, a native of Ireland. (Boston papers |
please 'copy.) • ¦
.. CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
¦ (Tuesday), • at 9:80 o'clock, from ¦ her late
residence. 1827% Bush street.- thence to St.
i -Mary's Cathedral, where • a solemn requiem f
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her I
soul,- commenclnsr at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MAYNARD-^In ; this city. -March 22, 1902,
Gladys E!lzabeth,'-'dearly"beloved daughter of
; . Frederick* A", and Elizabeth Maynard. and
¦sister of Hattle, Hazel,- Clarence and Elmer
Maynard. '. a native of ; San Francisco, aged
-1 year-1- month and 2ST days:. .. -, ; V
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to,- attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at'2-:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2108 Greenwich street, be-
tween ; Webster and FHlmore. ?* Interment
..National Cemetery. • ¦ ,. ? r , ¦» ,'':•'',
McOILLVARY — In- this- cltyv . March 23. 1002. '
Margery. 'beloved, daughter of Sarah and the
-¦"• late John- McGillvary, and- beloved sister of
William, Kittle and Mary McGlllvary. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 18 years 1 month
and 1C days." ' '¦- ' ; - . -
J - |C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
'- fully. Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
March -25, .1902, at 8 o'clock, from the resl-
. dence ,'ot "her mother, .8 Virginia' avenu°.
' thence to St. Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth
' and Church streets, where a requiem high
mass, will be. celebrated: for. the repose of
.her soul at 9 o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross
'. Cemetery. % . ' ' ' '. ;
MORGAN— In this city. March 22. 1902. ; Wll-
¦ Ham P.; beloved husband of Ella W. Morgan,
and • father of Eleanor. . . Horace W. and
Therese Morgan, a native of Warren. Conn.,
aged 63 years 10 months and 25 days.
'. ff^The funeral services will : be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, .2211 Clay 'street. "Interment
' strictly private. ;. . ..
NEWMAN — In this city. March.' 23, 1902.
Jeannette, beloved daughter of 'Benjamin and
Theodora Newman, a native of San Fran-
¦ Cisco, aged 10 years. 2 months and 11 days.
• - BSTNotlce- of funeral , .hereafter. • :
O'BRIEN— In thU city, March 23, 1902. James
J., beloved . husband of Annie O'Brien, and
father of Mamie O'Brien and Mrs. Nellie
Powell, a native of County 'Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 62 years. • ; ¦ •• ' ¦ »
POLLEN — March 23, .1902, Mrs. Georglna Pol-
. len, mother of Edtth Pollen of Plctou. Nova
•• Scotia, and • Francea and Charles Pollen of
Oakland, Cal.. a native of Ireland, aged 02
.- years. '. : ; . . . ... ,. .- ,
RAYE— In this cit>% March 22, 1902, Rosa,
beloved daughter of A. P. .and the late Ngra
Raye,. and sister of Charles. William, Henry
and Emily, Raye, a native of San Francisco.
<g . O^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the' funeral' to-day
«¦ (Monday), at : 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 834 Page street, thence to Holy
" Cross Church for sen'iccs commencing at -2
o'clock. ;'.- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦¦>>,
RICHARDS-7-In Larksuur, ' Cal.', March 22
1002. .Mae, J.., Richards.; a native of San
. Francisco, aged . 25 years . 3 i months and 18
days. ¦ . ' • ' ¦¦¦ ' '. -:. '.
SULLIVAN— In this, city, March 22. 1902
Nora, ; beloved wife : of Cornelius '.Sullivan'
arid sister of Mra. B. J. Curtln and Michael
O'Leory, a native of Fermoy, County Cork
Ireland, aged 40 years. 1 _- ; ¦
ICXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ¦ to attend the-. funeral : to-day
' (Mor-day).- at 0:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
•of J.- C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission . street
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 22. 1002. El-
len, beloved wife of M. J. Sullivan, < and
' mother of Henry L. and Joseph B.< Sullivan,
and sister of-T. B.' McSheehy. a native- of
Boston, Mass., aged 60 years 3 months and
22 days. <.'--.'',•.'¦¦'--•;.¦.¦ ¦ , ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
: . . tEucceasor to Flannann A Gallagher.* '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMER3.
SO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln . School. .
,. . — ¦-. Telephone ' asuth 80. v
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
nearest trnr city. .' :
Office r 916 Market Street.
•' Telephone ; Bush 367. ' ¦'. .'- "¦
. NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
.' Samuel McFadden. ' IS years manager for
the United Undertakers" Association; M. J.
McBrearty.' with the same company for IS
years;P.;F' Green., late with J. C. O'Con-
nor.. & Co.. nave 'opened 'new Funeral. Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between -avaatti
and. Eighth. Telephone South 44. ..-/- . -
REMOVED!
McGinn bros..
i FUNERAL piRECTOHS and .EMBALM-
• KRS. tqf<224 And - 22t» McAllister it. •. (For-
- roerly «jr «t fcdrty w.t.j.' Tet. South 252.) - -.*¦
J HOTEL ABiaiVALS. ."
¦;;".. NEW WESTERN. HOTEL. .
B F Dunnigan,' Baltl - J Stelne,- Portland
J -McDonald.. San Jose. P. Rafterty,- Portland?
P S Jones, San Jose J. Brown & w, Rd Bluff
O S Moura,' Sacto ' F W Corkran,. Los Ang
G FSousa, Sacto.- : •;¦: Dr-HT Thllln, Neb
J M Austin, Chicago,. Mrs E W Vllmer. Ill
C G- Anderson & w. Cal Miss Warner, Illinois ''
C ' Clarke Los Angeles. D F • Carnes ' & • w, Cal
OR Walker^ Hay wards D Guzman & w, Sacto
p J Dlck»on,' 8eat.tle ." J. Mulroy, Ingleslde ;
C ; H Bradley.: Seattle •_"^ ¦ . ¦-
"By' the-use' of. aprocess Invented at
Bridgeport, • Conn.; ; wooden , doors are . be-
ing electroplated '.with * copper or brass...Hugh Hare, a hostler employed at 134
Seventh street, was kicked and tramped
upon by a horse yesterday. He was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. Osmer found that in addition* to a dis
located shoulder he was suffering from in
ternal injuries. ¦ ...
Hostler Kicked by Horse.
The Best Dressmakers
finish drop skirts with ;' a < bias 'velveteen
binding to protect the edge. See that S
H. & M. is on the back, of every binding
you buy.' * •
day, and the strong northwest wind
•which held sway chilled the moderate
crowd on the beach, driving it home early
In the afternoon. Quite a throng visited
ike wrecked schooner, which, remains in
Moderate Crowds Assembled at These
Points Are Driven Home by
"Low Temperature.
It was a cold day at the beach yester-
COLD, HJVIGOEATING DAY
AT THE PARK AND BEACH
about the same position In which it
grounded a week ago Thursday. The
tide was very low and the work of salv
ing the cargo was being carried on.
At the park early in the afternoon the
sun made a vain endeavor to warm
things and had almost succeeded, when
the wind Increased in coldness and caused
those in search of recreation and sun
ehine to leave the public pleasure grounds
much sooner than they would otherwise
have, done. The drive in the park was
quite large, and those who took advan
tage of the fine ro~ads enjoyed the keen
and invigorating atmosphere.
Dr. Carradine is a forceful and con
vincing minister. 1-io possesses a rare
vitality, his oratory is florid and pungent
and his manner is earnest and magnetic.
He made powerful remarks regarding the
general attitude of the clergy, us regards
the "second work of. grace." He- gave
the definition of human sanctiflcatlon and
the divine Banctitlcation, using. homely
find simple Mmlles for illustration. Thoro
were two rrieanlngfi, of sanctlflcatlon in
the English language, he eald. . One was
"to mako piirn and holy" and tho other
/'to sot apart," and becauso of the- two
meanings of tho word many peoplo were
befogged. Man must sanctify himself, ho
declared, but those men who did not live
right did not want to feel there was a
God, but wanted to Set rid of him. There
were men who doubted the divine crea
tion of the world and would have it go
forth that the universe was made up
from atoms— which held a convention.
He (the lecturer) would rather believe
that God made the world. There , wero
many thousands In the church' who said
there, was no regeneration; others said
there was no witness of the spirit. : But
they could draw inferences from happen
ings in life. -The trouble with some peo
ple was that they thought that their
praying moved God, but he warned them
that that was not so, for God, 1 he said
was already moved. A man who "pulled
his, hand from the hand of God wan
dered. Therefore he besought that man
to retake the hand of the Lord, who
would lead him to abstain from' all evil '
God would sanctify him.
The halls in , which the services are
generally held are located in the retail
walk of cities, where mostly the stranger
and the idler are found, and the whole is
(sustained by voluntary contributions.
On the platform with Dr. Carradine
were the Rev. Dr. Bane, the Rev. W. E.
Marshall, Rev. and Mrs. A. S. Orne of
Syracuse, N. Y., Mrs. Ferguson and T.
P. FerKUson. ¦ .••,<¦
The head and front of the Peniel mis
sions is Mrs. M. P. Ferguson of Los, An
geles-, and the branches are doing evan
gelistic work along the Pacific coast from
Eureka to San Diego, in. the interior of
India. Alaska and Port Said, Egypt.
tan Temple yesterday afternoon and
evening to hear lectures by the Rev. Dr.
Carradine, D.D., testified to the live en
thusiasm that exists in this city over
missionary work. ¦ .
Dr. Carradine is here under the auspices
of the Peniel Missionary Society. The
missions are directed by young women,
and the aim is to reach and stretch out
into localities where a population of non
church goers is found: where, converts
may be made and wherefrom- unfortu
nates may be brought to a better, condi
tion of life. ;
The large attendances at the Metropoli-
Rjev. Dr. Carradine, No
ted Evacgelist, De- •
livers Lecture.
HIS ELOQUENCE
MOVES HEARERS
Vmerican representative to the Congo
•onference .in the same city. United
states special Commissioner Plenipo
entiary to negotiate, reciprocity treaties
ind negotiator of postal treaties with
jreat Britain. Belgium, the Netherlands,
Switzerland, Italy and Germany. As. a
Congressman he was the first • chairman
jf the Committee on CoinaRe. - . .
Mr. Kasson is president of the Columbia
historical Society of Washington and the
luthor of "History of the Formation of
:he United States Constitution.": He also
wrote a history of the Monroe doctrine. -
master General, Postal Commissioner to
Lhree European conferences, special en
ray to the Samoan conference at Berlin,
©NE >f the,, greatest diplomats of
the world ', John Adam Kasson' of
( ¦Washington, D..C, is; at ithe'Oc
' cidental. He Is here for arrest and
; to escape the frigid weather' in
the Ea!st.- Although he is, 80 years of age
and has lived, a life of ceaseless, energy,
he is still very.active, and Is, devoting all ,
his spare time to writing books,., qne of I
which, he will publish ' soon. . This "is. his
second trip to California, he having paid
a visit here ten years, ago.
"I am glad to come to California again,"
said Mr. Kassen. "While in Washington
1 always felt a warm friendship) for San
Francisco and realized what a great com
mercial future it had. Now that Russia
Is creeping into Manchuria the whole Pa
cific. Coast becomes more important, and
I feel assured that trade will < be estab
lished between the two countries. '
"I have retired from the public service
and am now a plain American citizen. My
last public position was as a member of
the American-Canadian Joint High Com
mission. 1 • retired when President Mc-
Klnley died, as I had served on the board
only out of personal i rlend«hip for him."
John A. Kasson was United States Min
ister to Austria from 1S77 to 1881, and Min*
ister to Germany from 1S84 to 1885. He
was six times elected to Congress. Born
in Vermont, he went West at an early age
and settled in Iowa. A lawyer of excep
tional ability, and of extraordinary talent
tn other directions, he soon became con
spicuous in Republican politics. Besides
being a Congressman for so many terms
and a Minister to two great European na
tions he has. been First Assistant Post-
President Harriman Is Coining Here.
EAGLE PASS., Tex., March 23.-The
Harriman special returning from Mexico
passed the frontier here to-day. The spe
cial-left ior San Francisco via El Paso
tn-nlRht. ¦ v<G£SRiS*#£ttr'3 v *?a
The funeral of the late Charles N. Har
ris, at" one time Judge of the Twelfth
Judicial District of Nevada and for. many
years a resident, of this city, was held
from the Pioneer building under the
auspices. of Lincoln Post No.* J l, , Grand
Army of! the Republic. . yesterday after
noon. Judge- Harris, who was for, some
time the adjutant of the post, wag held
in high esteem and the services were at
tended by many: notables of the city..;
The funeral , service was led ; by Com
mander G. T. Johnson and was.mbst im T
pressive. The eulogy of the deceased was
spoken by Comrade Henry C. Dibble. • He
referred to the career of the late jurist
and soldier as -one worthy , of emulation.
The -pallbearers were Henry .L.: .Barker.
E.- W. , Woodward, C. J. Handley. Wil
liam H. Wharff. S. W. Carpenter, and
John C. Innea. The body was cremated at
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .When the .re
mains were , carried to • the crematory a
firing party in^ command of Joseph H.
Wilson fired a salute over t the coffin. v. •)
REMAINS LAli> ; TO BEST
WITH MILITARY HONORS
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, BOc flaek. Richard & Co., 408 Clay.
¦ ¦ »
The body of Mrs. Amelia Tlmmerman,
a widow, 62 years of age, was taken to
the Morgue yesterday morning from a
private hospital at 502 Geary street.where
she had ¦ died shortly before 1 o'clock.
Her death was due to gas asphyxiation.
Whether the gas wa3 turned on accident
ally or designedly is not known.
Mrs. Timmerman was a partner with
Mrs. C. J. LJebbrandt in a lodging-house
tit K)4- Taylor street. Her husband was
killed by an Eddy-street car near Fill
more "street about . four months ago.
Thursday night about 10:30 o'clock she
left her. companion, 'Miss Melvin, to go
to .bed and seemed in the bent spirits.
Mr. Markel, a roomer, returned with his
wifo about an hour later and noticed a
bright light in Mrs. Tlmmerman> roo.n.
; Friday morning about 8 o'clock Miss
Melvin went • upstairs to awaken Mrs
llmmermnn, but hearing her breathing
heavily thought sho might be tired and
decided; to let her 'continue her sleep.
Two houi-8 later Miss Melvin again went
to the bedroom, and peering .through the
keyhole saw Mrs. Tlmmerman In bed, at
the same thno smelling gas.
MisM -Melvin - immediately called Mr.
Markel und Clarence Llebbrandt and they
broke open the door. Mrs. Timmerman
was In bed unconscious, and the room
was full of -gas, which had been turned
on fully. Mrs. Tlmmerman was removed
to thejjrivatc hospital at 502 Geary street,
but did Dot-regain consciousness.
W. J.-- Beek, who lives at 614 Howard
street, was held up at the corner of New
Montgomery, and Howard streets yester
day morning' by two men, who compelled
him to divest himself of his coat and vest.
When he had dono so the robbers tdok the
garments and ran away. Buck hunted
up Policeman Chase and the two took
after the fleeing highwaymen. They wero
Joined in the chase by Policemen Casaidy
and McQualdc. The robbers run* down
Howard street nnd one of them turned
Into an alley and attempted to escape by
climbing over a shed. Policeman Chase
was right' after him, and caught him on
the roof of the nhed. The r.obber resisted,
and the men grappled, rolling off the roof
in each other's embrace. Chase. managed
to hold his man until 'the other two po
liceman, who had captured tho second
robber, came up. In tho struggle Chase
had his leg sprained, and was taken to
tho Emergency Hospital for, trentment.
•At the prison tho robbers gave their
names as Willis McKnlght and William
Johnson. In, Johnson's possession was
found the clothing: taken, from Beek, to
gether with his watch and chain.
Make W! J. Beek Divest
Himself of Garments
on Street.
Mrs. Amelia Timmerman
Is Found Unconscious
in Her Room.
ROBBERS TAKE
COAT AND VEST
WIDOW BECOMES
A VICTIM OF GAS
ONE OF AMERICA'S MOST FAMOUS DIPLOMATS AND' AUTHORITIES
• "ON INTERNATIONAL, AFFAIRS,' \VUO IS VISITING . SAN FRAN-,
CISCO, AND WHO AT AGE OF SO WILL. WRITE ANOTHER BOOK.
Louis Sorio'and Maggie .Bailey, were
found partially asphyxiated early yester
day morning in a room In : the Hoffman
lodging-house, 521 Pacific street. They
were attended to at the; Central Emer
gency Hospital by Dr. Armistead.
Henry Lebenburg: hired a room 'at 599V4
Fourth street on Saturday night, and left
the gas, turned on when he retired. • He
was treated by Dr. McCone : before the
ambulance arrived and -refused to go to
the Central Emergency Hospital.
Three Persons'" Inhale Gas.
FRIGHTENED BURGLAR
'Vl / STOPS NOT FOR GLASS
Crashes Through Closed Window at
Hebbard Home, I/eaving'Blood
stains Behind.
Mrs. N. A. H^bberd, 1008 Leavenworth
street, reported to the police yesterday
morning that a burglar had entered her
residence Saturday night during her, tern-;
porary absence by forcing open the front
window with a "jimmy."
She said that she returned to the house
shortly before 9 o'clock and as she opened
the front door she observed a'youngman
coming toward her from the rear. She
turned and ran out to the sidewalk and
screamed for the police. The burglar was
as scared ; as Mrs. Hebberd and jumped
with a crash through the kitchen window,
which was closed, and over the fence
into the « yard,- making his escape into
Pine street. . . > -
A woman' in a" French laundry In the
rear of the Hebberd residence saw the
burglar running . past> her window and
her dog chased him into Pine street. The
broken glass in the kitchen window is
marked with • blood; showing that the
burglar had been cut in making hia leap
through it. ; .
Detective Reynolds was detailed on the
case. . and Mrs. Hebberd told him that
when she ran outside and , called for . the
police she noticed a young man on the
opposite side of the street, who ran
away. He was evidently a lookout. She
was able to give a good description of
the two young men. ¦¦ .
THE S:^XFBA]S T CISCO, CALL,. .MONDAY; MARCH 24, 1902i
Though 80 Years of Age, : He^J.s''\Erigag-b'd^U pon -"Bbpk, , Wh ich -He vHppes^
to Finish Soon^-Says This City Has "SpIendjdFutureand Looks for It
' to feain fr^
JOHN A. KASSON, FAMOUS DIPLOMAT,
IS ON A VISIT TO SAN FRANCISCO
10
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Commencing MONDAY, March 24th, ¦ ¦
we wilK display an elegant assortmentof
NEW GOODS IN OUR HOSIERY,
GLOVE, RIBBON, LACE AND
NECKWEAR DEPARTMENTS.
We call particular attention
to the following special lines*
Elegant 'Feather Boas, ln-Whlte, Black and White. Grau,
Natural and Black, U, U and 2 sards long. •;,:",
RlDhon and Llhertu Cnlfron Ruffs, fn Black, Black and
White; and White and Black, Fancn silk Croat Ties
and Turn-oYer Collar Bands, Appllaue Silk and
Chiffon Vestlngs; Whit^ Cream, Arahlan and Black
All-over Netsj LlDBPtu Chiffon and Net Rurnings
• and Galon Band Trimmings. '
Ladles' Extra Qualitu 2-Clasp French Kid GlOYes, with
Paris Point emhroldered hacks j all the new colors;
also Black........ $1.25 F»ai r
Reunier 2-Clasp Piaue Kid and Suede Walking GlOYes,
• in" Black and colors, with. handsome emhroidered
hacks ...$1.5O Pair
Ladles' ?ancu Lisle Thread Hose, Printed, Striped and
Lace effects; all latest styles and colorings.
...:.... SOc F*air
Our Best Qualitu 4-Inch Satin Llhertu and Satin Taffeta
Rlhhon, so much in demand at the present time, full
assortment of spring colors 3Oc Yard
Corded Taffeta Wash Rlhhons, 3 and 31 inches in width,
Jgff lnjtn'e following colors; White, Pinks, Blues, Maize,
Cardinal, Nile, Lilac and Cream..,. .15c Yard
. MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
forwarded free to any address.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Easy % lis h
THE ease and comfort found in Sorosis lasts is the result of years bf
practical study by America's foremost designers. Imitators may °- *
copy Jwrwli lasts and styles sfter a season, but there they stop.,':
To imitate tht service and comfort-eking qualities is another mat- M v
ter. To other makers the high grade, uniform exce lence of material, the §
lasting, the stitching and workmanship that lave made Soroils famous I
is still a sealed book. n
You may p \y $$, yes, $6 or even $7, for shoes other |
than Sorosis and not secure their equal. Producing over . I
50a) pairs daily permits of their celling at fo.50. 1
San Francisco QQ Third Sti MARKET - C - ; ¦
OF BOOTS MAILED ON REQUESTeaeSSteffiBBJSESariBr
goidberg
BDWEN
x>cp.
Fresh asparagus
Extra large white pieces— 2% lb
Sacramento river floods make bunch
asparagus very high and scarce rQQ,
Sardin e s
French-fine value— 2 r Qr tce
reg'ly 20c large can ** Ior 35 C
Pine apple
Hawaiian Island— grated 2 for 35c
reg'ly 20C-25C can— sliced 2 " 45c
Oysters
Our choice— lib I
extra selected Baltimore pack ,, °
reg'ly 20c 30c can 21D25C
Mackerel
Breakfast for 4 people 2 for 1 5c
Ripe olives
California whole black—
you'll like them— reg'ly 35c quart 25c
W h i s k y
GB&Co O K bourbon— -1 bott i es < 2
sweet mash— ° Z
reg'ly $1 bottle- $4 gallon gallon $3
B u r g u n d y
Howell Mt— rich fruity red wine— £
reg'ly f 1 gallon 05c
S w e e r w i n e s
Imported— Sherry Port Madeira
reg'ly f 1 bottle •; 75C
French cognac
Old and reliable^ — 3 star "^
reg'ly $1.50 bottle $I.2O
D en tifrice
Wright's dentoroyrrh— : - n
antiseptic— reg'ly 15c tube 2 lor 25C
Garden hose
3 ply extra quality— 25 feet $3. j$
Special inducement to buy now— -^
I2^cfoot 50 feet $O.2J
reg' ly 1 5c foot— world brand
get a new hose or lengthen your old ont
Catalogue free
432 Pine 232 Sutler 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets, Oakland
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1* ' S A CHEAT RESTORATIVE. UJVIGORa-
tor and Nervine. - ... -..-..
Tba most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor the Sexual Orjans. for both »»«s.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEK. AUS & BRU.NE. Asent*.
823 Market St.. S. f\— <B»nd-tar Ctrcular».>
\A/. X. HESS,
KOTAar PtJBLIO 'A5D ATT0aH5Y-AT-UW.
Tcntb Floor. Room 1015, ' Claus SpreckeU Bide
Telephone Main 8S3.
Residence. S21 California st.. below Powill,
Jf — lrtanra T»Unhim» Jimu 13CU>
BQWEM
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tab 1 e but t e r
* •
Fancy creamery
reg'ly 50c square 4 OC ,
E g g; s
rresn laia— ".An? tec
order for Easter supply
Kona co f f e c
Capt Cook's— the highest grade—
the true type of Kona coffee— goc
reg'ly 25c lb
Chu t n e y
Bombay— famous Indian relish—
it creates a,n appetite— • pints 3 0C
reg'ly 40-60C bottle ' quarts 5 OC
Peaches
Evaporated— peeled— -'"iV
reg'iyaoclb 2 lbs 35c
Gelatine
Cox— reg'ly 20c—
large package I5 C
Vinegar
French white wine— free from adds
reg'ly 25c bottle 2OC
Canned peas
Wisconsin— 2 lb can 2 for 25c
reg'ly 15c can . doz $1.30
S;m y r n a f i g s
London layers — 2OC
reg'ly 25c ib
S hoe p o 1 i s h
Acme— reg'ly 1 iHz bottle— IOC
for men women and children's shoes
S m o k ed sardines
Kieler sprotten in oil— ,, r ftr « Cr
reg'ly 15c can : . ? tor 25c
G o m b
Hard rubber—
guaranteed not to break— reg'ly 35c 25C
Toi let Ammonia
Violet — lavender— . I
re^'ly 30c bottle ; 25c
§L&r FAVORITE
pSGRIPTIOM
Jl FOR WEAK.WOWEW. I
An in a jSS. Ammunition and Sporting
SIS S&fl Sk B Gcods - Largest Stock. Ix>w-
|_| I 1%1 eiit rrices. Until close o!
BIH NlnB « hunting: season will offer
'Uf B « M cues at reduced prices.
'^» F • Bend, for catalogue.
I B3REVl*BAaBaRC0.,
739 M trkit 8t >ai 511 Kixnj gt
Weekly ciall, $l.'00 per Year
28 lbs Pure Cane Sugar §|—
¦Wlti oar $2 cash combination sale, to-day,
Tuesday and Wednesday.
BUTIEB, very choicest per tquare 42#o
No better made — received direct frcro'.the
beet creameries. ..-.,
EGGS, extra selected pjr doz 17>£c
Direct- from Highland Poultry -Farm.
COFFEE Jara and Mocha. . : ;. .psr.lb 25c
Once you try you will always buy.
GEAPE KUTS, a brain food.., . . .2 ptgs 25o
Fully cocked, predlgested.. Res. 15c pk«.
PORK & BEAKS, with tonato siuce 3 cans 25c
V»a Camp' 6 — nice eating. Reg;. 10c can.
TEA, any blend, rag. 60c lb, on sale— . . . 40c
We guarantee to please you.
CHEIS3, soft and mild. ...... ..... 2 lbs 25c
The best California cream. ;
BOAP, for the hnndry -•..... .,11 cakes 25c
Nice else cake — jive It a trial.
DEVILED HAK, the 5c size .... . . -6 for 25<f
Makes nice 6andwlches.
SOUPS, Campbell's assorted ...... 3 cans 25c
Condensed. Res- 10c can. '.
TAMALES, L X. L. Bone!ea.'. . .per can 10c
Guaranteed pure food.
JELLO, any flavor, teg. 10c siz3.. : 3 ptgs 2lc
Each package makes one pint of jelly.,'
MACAK0NI, Spaghetti or.Venni-elli box 25c
Bccelved daily from factory. Reg. 25c. ;
- Don't overlook our "combination sale.- All
we ask is a' 12 trial order of anything; you
need In the grocery line. Money back if our
poods don't suit you.
T. H. CORCORAN & CO.^
1201 Valencia Street.
SE. COFL TWENTT-THIRD.
Phone lassica 9.
| Looks Smart on Most Anyone |
V That New Spring Block* , with broad binding on the If
\ brim. 'Raw edge, too. Notice the pretty curl and broad //
Vi sweep of the brim. It*s a Smart Hat Number . '
I IN BLUE-PEARL AND BLACK*
// All the Smtrt Esstern Hat Fashions in our Men's Hat Departm:n 1 .. \\
\ COB-NLrK, KE^AlCNy JTKLLT AND /
hi B a w?a 'saa By A \i m3 ¦
110 FOURTH STREET.
: ; , ; , TELEPHONE HOWARD 1986.
'¦¦ Monday, Tuesdapand -Wednesday
GROCERY SPECIALS.
" NO £.1 QUO R S. .
SANTA ROSA HONEY, per comb 10c
3-lb^Can CuUhig's^aked Beans, I Oc
BROWratffiRj^^K^os^
Table Peaches^ Pears and: Apricots,
in Heavy Syrup; 3-lb can.... iCc
HOMEMADE JAMS; 16-oz. jars 15s
;24;lbs^B^s|6ranii!ate(l Sugar SliOO
Eastern Supr Cured Hams, Ib, 121c
= '.; Elsewhere 15c.". . " ••
BE|TGREAMERYBUTT£R, sq.40c
jlAHGH®GS^ .-..SSair" 2 Doz; 35c
GOOD jfyhifetheyjlast 10c
MOCHA'andiJAVA COFFEE, lb; 20c
Z'A~Reg. SOc. .;- .'____ . •
' ' 'COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
•'• Frelsht paid on all orders of $5 for 100 miles.
v '. • ¦ ¦ '¦'.¦¦/.'
imTi iffiLiiHS Skiff :^IBHImP