CUBA TO BE BORN
AS A NATION TO=DAY
CHIEF EXECUTIVE \ OF LONE
STAR STATE WHO ASKS MAY
ORS TO AID SUFFERERS.
BOMBAY. May 19.— A destructive hur
ricane has swept over the province of
Bclnde, British India. Forty miles of
railroad was washed away and bridges,
houses and embankments disappeared.
l\fty miles of telegraph wires also were
d«a»tVpyed. Many lives were lost.
Destructive Hurricane in India.
: WASHINGTON, May';19--^-The Commit
tee on Rules of 'the House ;to-day t gave a
hearing on the request . for a .special meet
ing-f or ' consideration of the '.Pacific : cable
bill/. but reached 'no conclusion, j The com
mittee will meet again to-morrow to con
sider this question. '
Pacific Cable BilL
NEW YORK, May 19.— Justice James J.
O^Gorman ' of the Supreme Court bench
was to-nlghf elected grand sachem of
Tammany Hall, the deliberations lasting
less than half an hour. Former Mayor
Robert A. Van Wyck was also a candidate
for the position. On the first ballot Jus
tice O' Gorman received eight votes of the
twelve, the other four going to ex-Mayor
Van Wyck. Afterward the election of
Justice O'Gorman was made . unanimous.
Wyck for Grand Sachem on
x ':vi the First Ballot.
F;asily Defeats Former Mayor Van.
SUPREME JUSTICE O'GORMAN
IS TO HEAD TAMMANY HALL
ROME, May 19.— As it will be Impossible
for the Pope to undertake the strain of
the work In connection with the Philip
pine mission, he will appoint a committee!
of three Cardinals to confer with the
American delegates, and it is thought
likely that Cardinals Martinelll, Satolli
and VIvesy Tuto. the last named a Span
iard, will constitute this committee. Mgr.
Gasharri will act as secretary.
Committee of Three Cardinals.
LONDON," May 19.— The Exchange Tel
egraph Company is ' authority for the
statement that Lord • Milner, : the British
High Commissioner in South' Africa, has
referred some doubtful 'points concerning
the peace negotiations In South ' Africa" to'
the home Government, arid ; that the: be
lief is general'; that . a favorable outcome
to the negotiations. will!be announced In a
few days.' . ., ¦ ¦. ; :
LORD MILNER REFERS
SOME DbUBTFBX POINTS
1 The Governor was leaving the circus at
,Vilna s at .about, midnight, /when a' . man
stepped ¦ up from behind . and. fired twice'
a revolver? wounding; the Governor
in the ; left hand arid' rlght\ foot." The
would-be : assassin was '¦ pounced upon by
the police and bystanders and was thrown
to the ground,. but he succeeded in firing
a third/ shot, . harmlessly. - He gave the
name of Hirscheldert. ¦
According to record books > available,
Lieutenant General von Wahl Is the Gov
ernor of Vllna, European Russia. Gen
eral von Wahl .was formerly Chief of Po-f
lice of St. Petersburg and several years
ago, had a ; great deal of trouble with the
students. there. : . •¦ r ?t
j ST. PETERSBURG, May 19— An unsuc
cessful attempt was made yesterday even-
Ing to assassinate the Governor of /Vllna.
Shoots Him in the Hand
. and Foot.
Stranger Steps Up Behind Him and
ATTEMPT TO ASSASSINATE '
THE GOVERNOR OF VILNA
; LONDON, May 19.— The appointment is
announced of Lionel E. G. Car'den to be
British Minister at Havana. Carden has
been Consul General of Great -Britain In
Cuba since 1898. , : .', ¦¦'.,_
British Minister to Cuba.
The report that . the northern army is
marching on Port au Prince seems to be
generally accepted as truej Troops .of
General Flrmln are supposed! to be at St.
Marc (on the west coast, forty-four mites
from' Port auj Prince). The! Intentions of
the general, barring the fact that he is a
Presidential candidate,; are not known. : if
he arrives here alonel he may beable:to
make some , arrangement with //the , pro
visional Government, but If he approaches
the city at the head of a-force of troops
fighting is liable to occur, t - r/ ¦< ;
PORT . AU . PRINCE, Haytl, May, 19.—
General Defly/ who was -military .i com
mander here under the Presidency of Gen
eral Sam, and Vilbrun Guillaume, the for
mer. Minister of War, left here tb-day : as
exiles on the .steamer 'Hungaria.. ,
Prince.
Marching Upon' Port' Au
HAYTIAN LEADERS
, FLEE INTO EXILE
Northern ' Army Is Believed to Be
' During theday/a general distribution
of . charitable donations to the/poor took
place at the City Hall. Bottles of wine
arid baskets of provisions were given to
An old Spanish concession for electric
lighting, known as the Casteda. conces
sion, 'which /'Governor General Wood
made operative recently, was r'eirioved by
him.to-day. . It Js understood , this action
was taken on orders from Washington.
- Dr. Carlos iFin'dley was to-day appoint
ed chief health, officer of the island, sub
ject to ratification by President-elect
Palma. V Dr. Findley first . advanced the
theory * that yellow fever is spread by
mosquitoes. . '•.;¦;
tion of Cuba was devoted by' Governor
General Wood/and his staff to arranging
the- final details of the evacuation to
morrow. The palace was fairly besieged
all day by Importunate persons appealing
for some last ¦ favor before ¦ the curtain
dropped. There was also a constant
stream of callers to say a formal fare
well.
The work of rescue. has been carried'on
all day, and the funerals, of several of the
victims * took ; place ; this afternoon. ; |.The
supply 'of '-^"coffins" has ' been replenished
The tornado, which was preceded by a
terrific t. downpour, of : hail, | lasted • only a
.few: minutes. The ; ; hailstorm drove ' the
people into their .houses, where they. were >
caught when the death-dealing wind came
upon* them/ with terrific j force,
everything .'; in-. .its s path; Th'e: tornado'
swept "an. area 250 yards wide for .¦: a , dls- 1 .
tance, of ,a/mileand' a half.'Houses .col
lapsed as If ,- built of cardboard,. covering
the dead ; and injured' with; debris, which'
necessarily, made the work of 'rescue slow.'
People ' flocked to tlie' .-town • from all of
the surrounding country.'.' Many . of 'them
had relatives in the city./ ,
COLLAPSE OF HOUSES.
-The white who are believed to
be fatally injured are : . Mrs. LV W. | Chil
ton, Internally; Leonard von Dohlen, aged
4; Mrs. Kate Savage, spinal Injuries; Mrs.
Irene ; Augustein, \ skull fractured; ; Miss
Claude Mathis, head injured; Miss Mary
Harbison, back and head wrenched; J. B. r
Helnman, internal; Mrs. . J. B. Heinman,
skull fractured; D.S. Mathis, internal and
head; W. : F. Purl, skull 'fractured; John
Augustein, head, hurt; 'R. D. Newcbmb,
legs broken;, Angle Lptt, ¦ severely crush
ed ; Irene Newcomb, hurt abou^legs ; Mrs.
Callle x Goode, head; G. E." Pope,' .head;
Mrs. -P. P. ; Harring, head; Miss Jennie
Harring, spine ; Mrs. W. H. Maddox, . bad-^
ly crushed. •- . , '•...¦- . ,- ¦•' ; '.¦•'
The following white. people were killed:
Mrs. Johnson, ; aged _60; Margaret r Popp,
aged 8; Stuart Dial; . Pinkie .Lott,. daugh
ter-'of William Lott; : Mrs: Purl and^two
children, Maud and Alice ; two, Augustein
children;' Mrs. Stapple and three children;
Mr./ahd. Mrs..'. William . Heard; and-three
children ;¦ Joseph "; Savage and .two chil
dren; Mr. .'Newcomb, wife and. child; »MrI
Smith i of ; Rockport, I who was visiting ! his
daughter;;- MrsA' Harbison arid , little /boy;
Ruby Maddbx and; child ; Mrs. • Casey, arid
Maud Casey. -The remainder of the dead
are negroesJ .'; , - , • ., ' : . .
" ,. ; j ¦ passed ¦ over that city yes
terday afternoon. The property loss /in
the . .city . and surrounding country | will
probably reach $200,000. The storm swept
the city from'end ,to end and ' demolished
150 stores and residences. ' ' i
¦ <• • •'.¦;¦ ... • * • ~ • ' •
•vy V w- OUSTON, Tex. , May 19.— The
¦Mj^Jt t ''\aA.est reports -from,. 'Goliad
J^^^y state thafninety-elght per
¦m S-m -.'-;-- sons were killed and^lO3'in-
JBL .'.JK.'. : jured by the tornado .which
Gen. Wood and Staff
i Arrange Details
of Evacu- ;
ation.
All Residences and
Stores in Goliad
Demolished by
Storm.
NOTED CUBAN VETERAN WHO
HONORED THE MEMORY OF
MARTI. • ,
WASHINGTON; ;May : 19.— Captain Ber
tram S. Neumann of •:, the .marine corps
has been dismissed from the naval- ser
vice as a result of his trial' by court-mar
tial at Pensacola Fla. Captain Neumann
was tried on four charges— scandalous
conduct tending to .the 1 destruction .of
good morals, disobeying the lawful order
of his superior, officer, .falsehood and con
duct to • the . prejudice of good order and
military discipline.
Captain Neumann's trial grew out of
irregularities .in ¦ his account as post
treasurer - at - Pencacola Barracks. • :
The court found him guilty of all the
charges and sentenced him to dismissal
from the service, but recommended clem
ency on the part. of the reviewing author
ity In view of .Captain Neumahn'3 excel
lent professional record and because of
his mental condition, which the court
stated "Incapacitated him* for a- proper ap
preciation of his responsibilities and obli
gations." : /. ' < \ !
Secretary Moody approved the sentence
of the court and ignored the recommenda
tion- for clemency.-* ~v" :n ;-¦ ' •
The President confirmed the Secretary's
action. , . . , {¦¦:.' i ¦ : .
Officer of the' Marine Corps Is Found
Guilty on Serious
.- ¦. CHarges. ¦"',} ". ••
CAPTAIN NEUMANN ,; •/.".;.
DISMISSED FROM SERVICE
I . EVANSTON, ; Wyo.", May :i9.— The snow
storm which struck this section Saturday
night : has . continued without abatement.
JMs'estimated that ten to fourteen inches
of' wet snow has fallen, a part of which
has: melted In the valleys. Sheep and
lambs, are reported to be dying by thou
sands,'-' and a r prominent j sheep j man esti
mates the loss in. Uintah County alone
will reach: 200,000 head, which would have
.had, a marketable valuation "of over $l.
000,000. The' storm -at times has reached
the proportions ,of a' blizzard, and sheep
on the range have become uncontrollable.
At 8 o'clock to-night. the storm. shows no
signs of- abating,' and if 'it continues for
another day ; it is feared all of- the' lambs
and many . of the sheep that have been
sheared "will: be lost.;- . .;; . ».
| DES . MOINES, -; la., . May 19.-A cloud
burst at -Waterloo early Sunday morning
practically ruined every house in the.tract
known as "Dry Run" In Waterloo. Fifty
buildings were damaged and several were
washed away.. A number of thrilling res
cues were made with • boats, but no loss
of life occurred. The Wapslpinicon River
overran Its . banks, doing,, much damage.
Traffic oh the Great* Western, Illinois Cen
tral j and " Burlington, Cedar . Rapids . and
! Northern J was delayed all day Sunday
owing to . the washouts. » Near Independ
ence an Illinois Central freight train was
wrecked with no fatalities. , . *
THRILLING RESCUES.
jjj ABERDEEN, • 8/ T>.,; May 19.— H. Tobla
son of Edmunds County lost all his build
ings In a windstorm and his son, aged. 4
years, was killed.
/, PRESTON, Minn., May. 19.— The water
spout .that, struck.. near Preston last night
flooded.- the country, for smiles around and
caused the death by drowning of four chil
dren, members of- the : family of Michael
Wilbrlghti near Forestville, and the death
by. lightning of Alderman Gonkey of Pres
ton. ' The property loss will be heavy. Re
ports from' the- western part of the county
say: it .was one of the worst storms ever
witnessed in that section. ¦ On the level
prairies- in the toVnship of York farmers
lost a great deal of 'stock, and near
Granger- about' twenty buildings were de
molished, j Mlchael^Wlibright, living west
of Forestyille.. lost ' four ¦ children.' his
barn,.' house ;>nd . contents being swept
downstream. _ Three : bodies have been
*found! Eight" feet of water swept over
Preston, moving eight or ten houses from
their foundations. v The Chicago, Milwau
kee and St. Paul tracks were washed out
for four miles out of Preston and the de
pot | was Jjj twisted '.' around. ¦ The Coleman
Lumber " Company's yards are under from
two to three"' feet 1 ; of .mud and water and
much of the lumber has been carried off
by the flood.' -." - ;
AUSTIN, •". Tex;, May ' 19.— Governor
Sayres to-day appealed by wire to all
Mayors of Texas towns of over 3000 in
habitants urging them to send food and
assistance* to/i the - Goliad sufferers, and
also requesting the- railroads to transport
the shipments" free.- - •
The storm wrought severe havoc to the
surrounding country, but' no -lives are re
ported 'lost there. * \ . [
from other towns and a large force of la
borers is still at work digging graves for
many of the .victims. The citizens havo
perfected an organization; and. everything
U conducted in an orderly manner, the
work of caring for the dead and Injured
now' being 'on a systematic basis.
List of the Dead Now
103
! Injured.
The last day of the American occupa-
LAST DAY OF OCCUPATION.
¦ Under, the auspices of: the City Council
a crown ; of flowers .was also ' 'deposited
on Tosos de las ,' Laureles, in Cabanas
Fortress,' where the 'Cuban prisoners
were shot. ...... ' ..., ,
Last night's festivities were concluded
with a torchlight -parade,' two- miles In
length, with half a- dozen Cuban bands.
There Were many women : . In. the ranks.
There was a great deal- of noisy jubila
tion, but no disorder. , •. ; ... - k
Special trains began arriving j to-day
from different 'parts "of the' island, r It! is
believed that at" least", 20,000 people ; from
the provinces . will - be .here to-morrow.
The New York and! Florida steamers ar
riving to-day had big- passenger-lists.' i f
HAVANA, May 1&— Havana was awak
ened this morning by the ringing of In
numerable bells, tolllngr a requiem .for
the patriot dead. To-day was .also the
anniversary of the death of Jose Marti,
the hero of Dos RIos and the father of
the last revolution; Marti's 'death was
commemorated' to-day ..by. masses cele
brated in all _the churches, and -General
Maximo Gomez paid a touching tribute to
his memory in El 'Mundo. President
elect Palma and General Gomez and Cas
tillo also attended the services.
HONOR PATRIOT DEAD.
Seven batteries of United : States ' coast
anillery will remain in jjj Cuba— four in
charge of the /fortifications .-. of ? Havana
and three of fortifications In < the eastern
part of the island.. These troops wiil' be
under the command 'of Lieutenant W. L.
Ha skin, Second Artillery, , an .officer of
tact and ' Judgment, j They will remain In
Cuban f prtlncatlons until after, the for
mal cession to the United States of naval
reservations. . ¦;; •
H. G. Squiers, Minister to Cuba, was, at
the State Department, to-day receiving
instructions as to his conduct when he is
officially received by the new Govern
ment, • He will sail for his post on Thurs
day. •¦'.'.
After the new Government assumes con
trol of affairs General Wood will to-mor
row afternoon board the Brooklyn. He
will be accompanied* by his staff and
other officers oh duty in Havana. \ The
Brooklyn will then, start - for /"New '. York.
WOOD WILL RETURN.
marked py ¦ imposing ceremo
nies. Promptly at noon Governor General
"Wood will read and deliver the formal
declaration of transfer. -This will be Ilsr
tened to and received by President Palma,
the Vice President and the Senate and
the House of Representatives In Joint ses
sion. The Cuban flag will be hoisted over
Morro, and* the guns of a. shore. battery
and of the armored cruiser • Brdoklyn' .will
belch forth, a national salute .of . twenty
one guns. • .."; /'., \^
Already the Cuban people have .. been
formally notified of - the .great event in
their history' that will occur to-morrow:
In the official gazette of to-morrow
morning will appear a proclamation an
nouncing the 'operation of the Cuban con
stitution. The; transfer of the govern
ment will be accompanied by the reading
of a letter from the President, to which
it is expected President Palma will make
a response. In any 'event, Senor. Palma
•will deliver his inaugural ¦ address, and
will announce the members of. his Cab
inet. . ¦ • \ ' V. ' 'v :
CALL -BUREAU, 1406 W3
STREET N. W., WASHING
TON, May 19.— Cuba's ..en
trance to-morrow into the
family of nations will be
7r>," Special .Dlsoatch to The Call. -, >•
Elaborate Ceremo =
nies to Attend the
Transfer t of
Island.
I Half an hour later the regular train for
Quebec departed, having on hoard Donald
McMaster and ¦ Chief '. CgLrpenter. : They
went to answer the writ of habeas corpus
served j on ¦ Carpenter. . •/ Incidentally , Mc-
Master will use all his efforts .''tb^'seer that
Governcr "VaC^e* returns^ hl^prlsbnera^ to*
trif^o^ar^^^^^^^r^^
The question asr to. whether he shall do
so or, not depends entirely, upon the legal
ity of the arrest.~-T'he case. win come up
In Quebec to-morrowV. .• ' -, ; -; > :
A quick drive was made to the Place
Vlger station and- an j hour after the ar
rival of the special train it departed with
the fugitives from the ; American/ courts
on board. .'. V . V . 7 '
To-night at 10. o'clock a special train on'
the Canadian Pacific arrived from Quebec
with High; Constable Gale and assistants,
armed iwith , a Vwfit . of ' habeas corpus.
Th ey got ' Into * a , cab and drove to - the
Montreal jall,-to which institution , Gay
nor and Greene had; been ,committed"by
Judge La' Fontaine during: the, afternoon.'
Evidently Governor. Vallee and his guests
awaited their coming, for in a short: time
Gale appeared accompanied by Governor
Vallee and Gaynor and Greene. '.
¦ h •'¦:.:'¦¦!¦¦ y. : ¦ ...¦ • ¦¦•"¦sjsfe? . '
MONTREAL? May 19.— John> F. -Gaynor
and;" 1 Captain .Greene have won 1 the : first
skirmish in the fight against extradition
to the- United^ States, .and to-night the
two : men - are '.in Quebec, where they -be
lieve proceedings to; force them to return
to the United States to answer the charge
of defrauding, the -United States,Govern
ment can be successfully fought.
The Fraterville mine Is owned by the
Coal Creek Company, of which Major F.
C. Camp Is president. He was in Cincin
nati and Is now hurrying to the scene of
the disaster. &&$*$
• A partial list of the victims, scarcely
one-third, follows: George Aikens. mine
foreman, head blown off; James Hlghtow
er. Robert Smith. Roberf Price. James
Stover. William Price. Roscoe Bradley.
William 'Bradley, Thornton McGhee, W.
J.. Evans, - Charles Vandegrlt, Charles
Evans, Charles Brooks, Oscar Murray.
William Murray, Marion Wilson, Ralley
Wilson. Mandy Welch. Carl Discern, Sam
uel Discern, James White. John. White.
Walter White, Bannle Vowell and two
sons, Richard Masslngill, Scott Hudson.
George Adklns, James Whltten and son,
Ed Sorrell and 13-year-old son, John Ai
kens and two sons, James Strickland,
Peter Chlldress. William Chlldress, John
Chlldress, Joe Smittey, " Charles Adkins.
Boyd Adkins. Frank Sharp. Oscar Sharp.
Rufus Webb, Leon Miller, Roscoe Miller.
Ben Sharp, Albert Goodman, Clt High
tower, Thomas Disney. James Chlldress,
Edward Smittey.
SOME. OF THE VICTIMS.
There was not a sign of life. Every
man had perished, they believed, although
it will be early In the morning before all
the rooms can be entered. Eight bodies
were first recovered and these were sent
to Coa? Creek. Twenty-six were soon
found. They were not disfigured beyond!
identification, and each corpse as It was
borne from the mouth of the great tomb
was surrounded by eager crowds of rela
tives of the men who had been stricken
down. The mine was not on fire except
in remote portions, and all the bodies will
perhaps be reached before daylight.
All day long the rescuers toiled at tha
slate obstruction, and not until 5 o'clock
dldthey force an entrance through It. Up
to that hour only five bodies had been
recovered, and hope was still high that
many miners within were safe. The hopes
of the living were doomed, however, for
when once the rescuers had entered and
proceeded they walked along one continu
ous tomb of death. (
WORK HARD.
The news of the disaster spread quickly
and the scenes at the mouth of the mine
while the workers were within were be
yond description. Business was suspend
ed in Coal Creek, and all its mines as
soon as the news became known, and men
and- women and children gathered around
the Fraterville entrance. Women whose
husbands and sons were within were wild
with grief.
They had not been at work long before
the. terrible explosion occurred. There
was a fearful roar, and then flames shot
from the entrance and the air shafts. As
soon as possible two rescuing parties wero
started In. one at the main entrance, tha
other through, the Thistle mine, which ad-
Joins,, and in. which no men, were at work.
The -Thistle party .was unable to make
any Headway; as' the-gas stifled workers.
The FratervlITe v party went fully two
miles under the earth until a heavy fall
of slate was encountered. At this barrier
men worked desperately, hoping against
hope that those beyond might be safe.
TERRIBLE EXPLOSION.
The Fraterville mine is the oldest mine
In the Coal Creek district, having been
opened In 1S70. It is fully three miles from
the opening of the mine to the point
where the men were at work.
Of the large number of men and boys
who went to work this morning only on»
is alive, and he Is so badly injured that
he cannot live. This man is William Mor
gan, an aged Englishman, who was a
road man in the mine. He was blown
out of the entrance by the force of the
explosion. One hundred and seventy-five
miners were checked in for work this
morning by the" mine boss. In addition to
these there were boys who acted as help
ers and drivers and road men and others
to the number of perhaps fifty.
COAL CREEK, Tenn., May 19.— More
than 200 men and boys met instant death
at the Fraterville coal mine, located two
miles west of this city, at 7:30 o'clock this
morning, because of a gas explosion.
On his way back to the palace King Al
fonso was greeted with hearty shouts
from the people of "Long live the King!"
Several thousand persons attended the re
ception at the palace to-night The build-
Ing was so crowded that a large number
of those present were unable to see King
Alfonso and the Queen mother."
As the King passed down the line the
soldiers greeted "him with hearty cheers.
He then took up a position at the side of
the grand stand, where his mother was
seated. The march past began at once
and lasted for an hour and a half. All
the branches of the Spanish army were
Included In the procession of the grand
review, which concluded with the gallop
past of a half-dozen regiments of cavalry
riding ten horses abreast. The Queen's
Lancers, with fluttering pennants of the
national colors, led.
King Alfonso, in the unifrom of a cap
tain general and mounted on a handsome
bay charger, left the palace at 4 o'clock In
the afternoon. He was accompanied by
General Weyler, the Duke of Connaught
(the representative of King Edward),
Grand Duke Vladimir (the representative
of Russia), and other princes and a suite
of staff officers. His Majesty rode to the
Pazo de Recoletos, where the troops were
drawn up.
The entire population of Madrid seems
to have assembled this afternoon along
Xhe Pazo del Prado and Pazo de Recole
tos, the grand boulevard of Madrid, to
witness the great military review. The
weather was beautiful. Grandstands had
been erected at a central point on the
line of march and from these the Queen
mother, members of the royal family, the
diplomats and members of the Cortea
witnessed the march past of over a thou
sand soldiers. The entire garrison of Mad
rid, several regiments from the provinces,
and the naval detachments which had
been brought to Madrid especially for the
occasion, took part.
TROOPS CHEER THE KING.
MADRID. May 19.— The police here are
extremely reticent regarding the discov
eVy of the anarchist plot. Several of the
papers now question whether the arrested
men really entertained the intentions at
tributed to them. It is said that the au
thorities on getting an Inkling of the pur
chase of dynamite ordered inquiries made
concerning each purchaser and the ex
istence of the conspiracy is* thus thought
to have been discovered. Nevertheless
the Liberal to-day declares that as a re
sult of the preliminary examination pro*- -i
ably only Gabriel Lopez, an employe of
$n insurance company, and Francisco
Suarez, the well-known anarchist, will be
brought to trial, although the. others are
still detained. Lopez's wife, when ques
tioned by the police, admitted that her
husband had frequent mysterious visitors
recently. Lopez has fairly good ante
cedents. Prior to the present trouble he
professed to be a Federal Republican.
Lopez and Suarez were again confronted
to-day with a result similar to that of
yesterday, when Lopez declared that
Suarez gave him the dynamite cartridges
found in his possession and told him to
throw them as the royal coach passed
through the Carrera San Geronimo. The
case is in the hands of a prudent magis
trate, who it is believed, can be depended
on not to give exaggerated importance to
the affair.
CONSPIRACY AT MADRID.
The greatest secrecy concerning this
plot has been observed, concludes the cor
respondent, and the Emperor forbade the
newspapers of Vienna to mention the af
fair.
The Emperor was recently going on a
night train from Vienna to Budapest. In
the final inspection of the imperial train
at the terminus of the state railroad at
Vienna, made ten minutes before his Ma
jesty's arrival there, a bomb covered with
paper was found in the Emperor's com
partment. It was evidently calculated
that this bomb would explode the moment
his Majesty entered the car. An investi
gation of the matter led to the dismissal
of several railroad employes.
LONDON, May 20.— The correspondent
of the Daily Chronicle at Budapest re
ports the frustration of a plot against the
life of Emperor Francis Joseph.
Making a Hard Fight
Against Being
Returned.
Unfortunate Miners
Are Buried Deep
Under Earth.
Spanish Authorities
Sifting Plan to
Kill King.
Francis Joseph Saved
by Discovery of
Plot.
Coal Creek the Scene
of the Terrible
' Disaster.
Fugitives Are Aided
by Writ of Habeas \
Corpus. ]
Gay nor and Greene
Taken Back to
Quebec.
Anarchists Put Bomb
Aboard Royal
Train.
Fall of Slate Causes
Victims to Be
Imprisoned.
CAPTIVES
WIN FIRST
SKIRMISH
BARRIER
RETARDS
RESCUE
THREATEN
AUSTRIA'S
EMPEROR
SCORES ARE SLAIN
IN TEXAS TORNADO
MORE THAN 200 MEN AND BOYS MEET INSTANT DEATH
THROUGH EXPLOSION OF GAS IN TENNESSEE COAL MINE
VOLUME XCI— NO. 171.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FBANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 20; 1902.
The San Francisco Call.| OREGON CITY, Or.,.May 19.— The wool
en mill strike was settled, to-day. The
strikers get an Increase of $13,000 on .the
yearly:, payroll.'.; Both sides • made conces
sions 1 from "their original demands. . The
result; is considered a partial victory for
the ; strikers.'jgjggBfgBaBjBHHg
Woolen; Mills Strike Settled.
I LOS ANGELES, May 19.— After an in
vestigation . torday j of j last * night's voyage
from Catalina Island of the steamer War
rior 'Captain' William. Banning said that
neither, the captain nor any . member ¦¦ of
the crew; could be held blamable. The
trouble was caused by an unusually high
sea • and . wind, which . struck" the vessel
Inquiry Into Warrior Disaster.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding: Piles
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money -where It fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. , Relieves
Itching instantly. , This is a new discovery, and
Is the only pile'remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. ' A free sample will be
sent by mall to any one Bending name 'and ad
dress. Price, 60c. If your druggist don't keep
It in stock send 60c In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by. mall. . Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Loufa, Mo., who
also manufacture the | celebrated j cold cure
Laxative Brpmo-Qulnlne. Tablets. ... : . .
• Piles Cured Without the Knife.
WASHINGTON, May. 19.— The Supreme
Court. to-day, affirmed the decision of the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit,: in the case of Frederick Williams
vs. George- C. Gaylord; involving the va
lidity of the statute of the Stateof Cal
ifornia prohibiting- the \directors of cor
porations ' frorh | mortgaging the property
of such •corporations without the consent
of the stockholders. • . •
The decision sustains the law -
Be Mortgaged Without Consent
• .of. Stockholders.
Property of •Corporations Must Not
SUPREME COURT SUSTAINS
A STATUTE OF CALIFORNIA
the benefit of it, as did other cane sugar
producing countries: He said if the pres
ent low prices of sugar continued the pro
duction In Cuba would be. much less. In
Jamaica, he said, forty-seven estates had
failed: last week, in San Domingo the
growers are in the throes of possible
bankruptcy, while in Demarara the es
tates probably will last a year or two. :
Nominated by the President.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: Major Sleeper, secretary of
the United States legation at Havana
Cuba.
Army— Colonels, to be brigadier generals
— Abram A. Harback, First Infantry:
"William F. Spurgin, Fourth Infantry.
Postmasters— California— William M TIs
dale, Redlands; Mollie B. Towne, Orange
Fights at Galway Election.
DUBLIN, May 19.— A county election
contest at Galway led to a series of severe
fights there yesterday. Lord Morris of
ICillarney personally led his supporters
fegainst. his Nationalist opponents. A
dozen men were wounded, some of them
sustaining serious injuries.
Miller Is Accused of Murder.
WINFIELD, Kans., May IS.— George W.
Miller of Oklahoma was arrested to-day
and charged with the murder of the San
ta Fe detective, George C. Montgomerv,
In this city last October. Miller runs per
haps the largest wheat ranch in the West
. BOSTON, May 19.— President Roosevelt,
who is expected at Harvard University
during commencement week, has accepted
an invitation | from - the International
League of Peace Clubs to attend its an
nual convention, which will be held here
the last week in June. - ,
Will Address the Peace Clubs.
simultaneously.: It was denied at the
steamship company's office that the pas
senger list was crowded; on the contrary
,the claim was made that the Warrior carl
ried,but 117 passengers, whereas she Is
licensed, to carry twenty to twenty-five
more. The inspector of hulls will make
an investigation into/ the causes of the
panic aboard ship and the drowning, of
S. F.- Knight of this city. ¦»
PORT DE FRANCE, Island of Martin
ique, May 19, 8 a. m.— A party from here
has gone to St. Pierre on the British
steamer Indefatigable, carrying with
them coffins for the purpose of recovering
the bodies, of the family of Thomas T.
Prentis, the late United States Consul at
that place, who was killed in the disas
ter.- The interment of the remains will
take place here and will be conducted
with: military honors.
The Indefatigable- brought 120 tons of
supplies. , .' .
There was another eruption from Mont
Pelee yesterday. Ashes fell here. The
volcano is still violently smoking; and
there are no signs of its ceasing.
The -United States cruiser Cincinnati
and the united States Government tug
Potomac will be stationed here indefi
nitely. The Potomac 'will shortly go to
the island of Guadeloupe to bring to this
place the furniture, books, etc., of the of
fice of the United States. Consul there
Louis H. Ayme.'
of Consul Pr ontis.
Arrangements to Inter the Remains
TO HAVE MILITARY HONORS.
without assistance he dug a trench and
buried them all.
The loss as a resul.t of the . volcanic
eruption includes not ' only the present
crops of the island, but cultivation will
be Impeded for some years to come.
Serious fears are entertained that an
other eruption will occur at the foot of
the volcano, where steam is continually
issuing from small fissures. The locality
is cracked 'all over. ; "
The strange color and' the great depth
of the new inlet of the sea on the Wallibu
estate- imply that an eruption occurred
there, and that a new crater has been
formed which extends from the land into
the sea. .The sufferings of the afflicted
demand more consideration than the loss
of life: 1 -The torture of ' the victims was
Indescribable; many of them were literally
roasted. • • . : .-.-»vi . .
A -further shipment of medical appli
ances, food and bedding arrived here yes
terday. Three thousand of the afflicted
are being housed and fed by the Govern
2i ei & and the distress on the Island of
St. Vincent must last for some months to
come.
A sad is related by a lad of 14
years, who lived in a village called Over
land, which was demolished. His father
?l?i Tl ta i nl i! e brothers and sisters were
killed by the burning eruption.' The bos
heard nothing of them and two days after
the disaster he went to Overland in search
of his family. He found them dead and
t . ¦¦: .. ... : ~ : : —
VOLCANO ' THAT .DESTROYED THE BEAUTIFUL TOWN OF ST.
PIERRE, MARTINIQUE, IN A STATE OF ERUPTION. AND SOME IN
TERESTING SCENES ON THE ISLAND OF- GUADELOUPE.
Indescribable Torture of Some St.
HUMAN BEINGS ROASTED.
Vincent Victims.
KINGSTON, St. Vincent, Saturday, May
17.— The continued heat thrown out by the
lava 'prevents any one approaching the
volcanic mountain. From the sea the es
tates of .Wallibu and Richmond present
a scene of desolutlon. They are bereft
of vegetation, and all the buildings on
them have been destroyed. No living
being is seen and no sound of any kind
is heArd. Small jets of steam' Issue at in
tervals from various spots on the planta
tions as a warning to visitors, and the
few courageous persons who have ap
proached the locality have found the
earth there to be too hot to venture upon
The volcano was apparently quiet Thurs
day until 5 o'clock in the afternoon At
this hour a distinct discharge of steam
occurred and a bulky white -^cloud Issued
from. the extreme right/of the mountain
verifying the belief that a new crater had
been formed on the windward side
It is presumed that La Soufriere will In
the future remain active. The Burround
ing country will then be uninhabitable
The earth in that locality, is covered with
volcanic dust several feet in depth.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day affirmed the
decision of the Supreme Court of Arizona
In the case of the United States, vs. the
Copper Queen Mining Company. The
claim grew out of^the use.-of timber said
to have been cut on the public domain by
the mining company, the timber being
valued at $183,000. s The mining company
contended that the taking of the. timber
was authorized by law, and the effect of
the decision is to uphold that contention.
Uncle Sam Loses the Suit.
The earthquake which shook the State •
yesterday was felt quite perceptibly in]
this city. The shock occurred at almost j
exactly 10:30 o'clock in the morning and I
lasted, with gradually diminishing vio- j
lence, for twenty seconds. The wave ex
tended apparently from southwest to i
northeast. Of several slight earthquakes J
which have \isited the city recently this
was the greatest and of the longest dura- \
tion. In the tall buildings people felt the \
shock in a clearly defined way, but pedes- •!
trians for the most part let it pass unnd- 1
ticed. Residents of Oakland state that the 1
disturbance across the bay was much less
than reported here. .'
Last for Twenty Seconds.
Vibrations Are Quite Extensive and
SLIGHT EARTHQUAKE IN CITY.
"I cannot." ¦•
"No, nor anybody else," remarked Tel
ler. . -. , ¦ ¦ . . ¦ •- ". - ' t -\ . - t :¦¦ •*
John Farr, a sugar dealer, contradicted"
statements made by Leavltt as to the
countervailing duty, saying Cuba got all
"Will you tell me any firm in Cuba that
has suspended operations and has not
ground its crop?"
WASHINGTON, May 19.-George R.
Mosle. a sugar broker, testified before the
.Committee on Relations with Cuba to-day
that Havemeyer was not interested in
certain plantations In Cuba, as had been
alleged.. He said there was about 450.000
tons of sugar stored in Cuba now. The
Cubans, ¦ he said, believed concessions
would be made and accepted the Platt
amendment on that account.
When he asserted that the Cubans had
discontinued work because many of the
people did not have the money with which
to go on Senator Teller asked:
Committee.
Sugar Brokers Give Some Interesting
* Testimony Before the Senate
LARGE AMOUNT' OF SUGAR
IS STORED AWAY IN CUBA
PARIS, May 19.— Martinique mails, for
warded just prior to the recent disaster,
¦arrived here yesterday. One most inter
esting letter is from a young lady, who
i 'was t among the victims. It was dated
I May 3. After describing , the aspect of
j St. Pierre before dawn, thetown being lit
I tip with flames from the volcano, every
¦ thing covered with, ashes and the people
greatly excited, Vet not panic, stricken,
she said: . ¦£ - / ...
" "My calmness astonishes -me. I am
I awaiting the event : tranquilly. My only
suffering is from v the.- dust.? which pen
etrates everywhere, . even through closed
windows and doors. We are ¦ all calm.
Mamma is not a bit anxious. 'Edith alone
is frightened. If death awaits us there
will be a numerous company -to' leave the
w«rld. Will it be by fire or asphyxiation?
It will be what God wills. You will have
our last thoughts. I Tell brother Robert
that we are still alive-. This- will, per
haps, be no longer. true when this letter
reaches j'ou." ¦ ¦-.. g ¦¦. ' '
I The Edith mentioned was a lady visitor,
who was among the .rescued. This and
I other letters Inclosed samples of the
ashes, which fell over the doomed town.
The ashes are a bluish gray impalpable
powder, resembling newly ground flour
and slightly smelling of sulphur.
Another letter, written during the after
noon of May 3, says:
"The population of the neighborhood of.
the top of the mountain is flocking to the
city. Business is suspended, the inhab
itants are panic stricken and the firemen
are sprinkling the streets and roofs to
settle the ashes, which are filling the air."
These and other letters seem to indicate
that evidences of the impending disaster
were numerous five days before it oc
curred.
It is difficult to understand how it was
that a general exodus of the population of
St. Pierre did not take place before
May 8. Still another letter says:
"St. Pierre presents an aspect unknown
to the natives. It is a city sprinkled with
gray snow, a winter scene without cold
The inhabitants of, the neighborhood are
abandoning their* houses, villas and cot
tages and are flocking to the city. It is
a curious pell-mell of women, children
and barefooted peasants, big black fellows
loaded with household goods. The air is
oppressive; your nose burns. Are we go
ing to die asphyxiated? What has to
morrew in store for us?| A flow of lava
rain or stones or a cataclysm from the
sea? Who can tell? Will give you my
last thought if I must die." V
A St. Pierre paper of May 3 announces
that an excursion arranged for the next
day to Mont Pelee had been postponed
Who Failed to Heed Warning.
Letters From People of St. Pierre
ADMIT. FEAR OF DEATH.
The congregation completely fiiied tlie
fashionable Church of St. Augustine this
morning on the occasion of the solemn
service organized by the League of French
Women in memory of the victims of the
Martinique disaster. Bishop Corman, as
sisted by the clergy of the parish, cele
brated mass and pronounced the absolu
tion. Thi3 was the first memorial service
for the dead of Martinique held in Paris.
Another will be held in the new Casilica
of the Sacred Heart to-morrow, at which
Bishop Corman will again officiate.
The officials say the reports' of •' the
French embassies and - legations at the
various capitals show that the sympathy
with France abroad is increased. The
latest foreign. subscription is that of tiie
former Queen Regent of Spaito, who has
given 10,000 francs to the fund, which now
amounts to over 750,000 francs. M. L'Huer
rere, the Governor of Martinique, has sent
the following telegram to M. de Crais
the Colonial Minister,, dated Fort de
France, May 18:
¦ "I have informed the population that
supplies by the United States naval vessel
Dixie and the steamer Fontabella and
Maciana will arrive here to-day The
cargoes of these vessels will be exempted
from all duties and other charges. This
Is done on all food supplies reaching us.
Commander Mentz and Captain Crabb of
the quartermaster's department have Just
arrived here on the United States collier
bterling with the food presented by the
Government of Porto Rico.'?
not mention the fact, which they certainly
would have done if the town had i been
burned. , . ' •
A committee has been formed to inves
tigate all applications for relief, so that
those unworthy shall not impose on the
generous.
Despite the precautions taken by the
authorities looting continues in the north
of the -island, though it has- practically
been stopped in St. Pierre. In the country
many houses have been robbed and
burned. ¦ Soldiers have been sent out with
Instructions to take severe measures if
necessary, but put a stop to the dis
order.
In Fort de France supplies are being
dealt out to the refugees by the authori
ties. . :--
Notwithstanding the rain the tempera-"
ture to-night is 100 degrees Fahrenheit, a
mark from which it has receded only
during the fall of rain since early this
morning. "
Rain fell here to-day for the first time
in a fortnight. This long drought and
the fact that the grass has been burled
under a layer of ashes has made it par
ticularly difficult to obtain fodder for the
horses and • cattle, which are dying in
unprecedented numbers.
BOBBED AND BXTBNED.
These flames continue to stream from
the crater to-day, and with. so great force
that they are visible from St. Marie, .a
village in the extreme north of the is
land. The atmosphere is full of dust, and
the heat is terrific. ' Life on the island is
all but unbearable, and the suffering of
the refugees who continue to crowd into
Fort de France is extreme. • :
The wind veered and a mantle of dark
ness was swept westward across the is
land, enveloping Fort de France, upon
which volcanic dust fell to a depth of
more than an Inch and a half. So heavy
was the dust that filled the air that respi
ration became a labor, and a fear of suf
focation came upon the inhabitants.
Great alarm continued for more than
four hours, and it was not until the cloud
of ashes blew out to sea in the early even
ing that confidence was restored. All last
night the summit of Mont Pelee had the
appearance of a gigantic blast furnace at
¦which a great force was working. Flames
shot skyward in sheets that at times
lighted up the entire island. For a few
minutes the fires would drop back into
the mouth of the crater, only to reissue
with redoubled force.
Ashes were spouted in great clouds from
the crater all day yesterday. The ex
plosion began in the early morning, when
a black column rose above Mont Pelee,
accompanied by internal rumblings and
a tremor of the earth that sent the seas
back from the land in powerful waves.
This column was first caught by a cur
rent of air that carried it northward.
Then an upper current swept it back in
the opposite direction. Thus it made an
immense and well-formed letter T, the
base of which rested in a cup of flames,
the crest of the volcano from which it
sprang.
MANTLE OF DARKNESS.
' tion, and there are many who be
lleve that an explosion even more serious
than that of ten days ago will mark the
culmination of the activity of Pelee.
FORT DE FRANCE, May 19,-Alarm
continues to fill the island, although
no serious eruption has occurred
since Mont Pelee on May 8 de
stroyed the city of St. Pierre.. The
volcano threatens further destruc-
From the Special Correspondent of Tbe Call and the New York Herald.
Copyright, 1902, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
as the crater ' was inaccessible, adding
that notice would be issued when the ex
cursion would take .place.
Although Whitmonday is a public holi
day the Ministry of the Colonies was open 1
as usual and all their officials were at
their posts. .The -advices, received from'
Martinique this morning Indicate that the'
local authorities are no' longer anxious
regarding food and other;- supplies, which
are now reaching Fort de France' in. suf
ficient quantities, tp meet all demands un
til the arrival, of the supplies now on their
way and those about to sail. The Gov
ernment believes that the -emergency is
over. ¦- ••.•'¦ ' . : ';.- ¦ . ...•¦¦'..
The Ministry of the Colonies totally dis
credits the report ' of the destruction of
St. Marie, Martinique, by fire," which has
reached here.vas to-day's dispatches do
SACRAMENTO, May. IS.— At 10:30
o'clock this morning there was a severe
earthquake here, followed a few seconds
later by another shock. No damage was
DIXON, May 19.— A slight earthquake
was felt to-day at 10:30 o'clock.
NAP A, May 19.— A sharp earthquake
shock was felt here at 10:30 o'clock this
morning. No damage was done. >
LOS ANGELES. May IS.— The earth
quake which shook Northern California
to-day was not felt In this city or in any
other part of Southern California, so far
as can be learned. . .
STOCKTON, Mar 19.— Three distinct
earthquake shocks were felt here this
morning at 10:32 o'clock. The vibrations
vrere north and south.
WOODLAND. May 19.— A heavy shock
of earthquake was felt here at 10:30
o'clock this morning. It was only of a
moment's duration and *no damage re
sulted.
CALISTOGA, May 19.— A slight shock of
earthquake was felt here at 10:30 o'clock
this morning. The vibrations were from
eatt to west.
VALLEJO, May 19.— Two earthquakes
were felt in Vallejo this morning, the first
at 3:05 ar.d the second at 10:30 o'clock.
IONE, May 19.— An earthquake at 10:45
o'clock this forenoon shook the town.
Everybody was scared, but no damage
was done.
IOWA HILL, May 19.— A sharp earth
ouake was felt here at 10:30 o'clock this
morning. Many residents rushed in alarm
from hotels and dwellings. No damage
resulted.
COLUSA, May 19.— A slight earthquake
shock was felt here at 10:30 o'clock this
forenoon. The vibrations lasted several
seconds and seemed to be from north to
south. No damage was done.
PETALL'MA, May 19.— A sharp shock of
earthquake was felt here at 10:30 o'clock
this morning. It was the most severe
shock experienced within the last six
months.
The excitement was intense for a few
minutes. People rushed from buildings to
the streets and a runaway horse on Mam
street increased the confusion. Taken al
together, however, the damage was slight.
VACAVILLE, May IS.— A severe shock
of earthquake was felt here at 10:31
o'clock this morning. It lasted twenty
seconds. Nearly every store in town was
damaged by the breaking of glassware, a
fev cnimneys toppled over and many brick
buildings were badly cracked. The gram
mar school building has a fissure from an
inch to two inches wide. The school was
in -session, but the pupils were dismissed
without confusion. At Elmira nearly
every chimney in town was shaken down.
With the memory of the great earthquake
of ten years ago haunting them, the resi
dents were panic-stricken, and for a time
were afraid to remain in their dwellings.
SANTA ROSA, May 19.— This city was
jarred by an earthquake this morning at
10:30 o'clock. There were two distinct
shocks, each of a few seconds' duration.
The temblor caused much excitement In
the county courthouse. Attorneys and
others in attendance upon Superior Court
ruthed for terra firma. For a few mo
ments the stairs and hallways were
crowded by excited jurists and officials.
No damage was done by the quake.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
SUXSUN, May 19.— A heavy earthquake
occurred here at 10:31 o'clock this morn
ing, which created pandemonium for a
moment and brought memories of the dis
aster of ten years ago, when the towns
ef Yacaville and Winters were demol
ished. The shock seemed to be of a gyra
ting nature and lasted for half a minute.
Show windows were broken, bottles were
thrown from shelves in stores and plaster
fell in a number of buildings. The old
courthouse is cracked in several places,
and at the Fairfield Cemetery the stone
roof of the Hilborn vault broke and col
lapsed and another vault was damaged.
Water pipes were wrenched In places so
much as to cause them to leak. .
Slight Damage Is Done to
Chimneys and Glassware
at Some Points.
Clouds, of the Volcano's Dust- Blow
Across the Island and People at Fort
de France Are Almost Suffocated
While Refugees Suffer in Crowded
Retreat Their Homes on Martinique
Are Being Pillaged and Burned
Central and Northern
California Towns
Are Jarred.
MONT PELEE CONTINUES TO THREATEN DESTRUCTION
AND ACTIVITY MAY RESULT IN MOST SERIOUS EXPLOSION
High Wind Continues,
and Blossoms Are
Falling.
Conditions Grow
ing Worse on Isl
and of St. Vincent
Hanford Growers Are Sayed
Necessity of Thinning
Out Buds.
La Soufriere's Vic
tims Are Twen
ty-Two Hundred
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 19.— The stiff gal*
which blew all day Sunday from the coast
continued to-day, though somewhat
abated in velocity. No serious damage Is
reported from coast points. Several small
pleasure craft anchored off Newport
beach were 3lightly damaged and for- a
time fears were felt for the safety of the
pleasure yacht Eagle, which sailed yes
terday for Avalon. It was learned to-j
day, however, that the Eagle had reached
Avalon in safety. All the coast towns
report a strong gale. At Santa Barbara,
the wind has blown for five days and no
vessel has dared to cross the channel to
No advices regarding storm effects have
been received at the local weather bureau
headquarters, but Observer Franklin says
that there can be no doubt that deciduous
orchards were damaged. Oranges will not
suffer as the bulk of the crop already is
shipped, but blooming fruit trees prob
ably were injured. Late planted grain
will suffer as the winds have parched the
soil. An increase of irrigation is made
necessary. , Continued high north winds
and sand storms are predicted for the
next twenty-four hours.
Neither the Southern Pacific nor tho
Santa Fe suffered damage from the blow..
According to advices which reached the
headquarters of both systems the wind
was dying down to the eastward. In the
vicinity of Newport beach it has been
blowing a hurricane all day. The stonn
reached as far east as Yuma. on ih^s
Southern Pacific, and Barstow on the
Santa Fe.
SAN JOSE. May 19.— The high win.i
which swept through Santa Clara Val
ley yesterday shook off much- of the
green fruit . In the different orch- -
ards that received the heaviest part
of the gale. The apricot crop suffered
most, and cherries and prunes did not
escape. However, as all of the varieties
named, with the exception of prunes, are
so plentiful as to require a liberal thin
ning the loss was probably more of an
advantage, as a rule, than a detriment.
Shade .trees suffered somewhat, poplars
in particular losing many limbs owing to
the brittle nature of the branches. At
Los Gatos the lumber yard Of Lyndon &
Son suffered severely, a large shed being
blown down.
SANTA ROSA, May 19.— The strong
north wind of the past two davs has
caused considerable damage to the fruit
crop in this part of this county. Many
shade trees were uprooted and shrubbery
of all kinds was damaged in this city yes
terday. The fruit that suffered the most
damage was cherries.
STOCKTON, May 19.— Telephone mQS
pages from the fruit section of Sah
Joaquin County report considerable dam
age by the high north wind of the past
two days to cherries,- apricots and other
fruits. The greatest damage is to cher
ries and some estimate the loss at 50 per
cent. The next greatest damage Is tr>
apricots. Other fruits have suffered,
though not extensively. Grain has not
been injured.
MONTEREY, May 19.— The worst gale
known here in twenty years has prevailed
for the past three days throughout this
section. Kay and grain have been -leveled
to the ground in many places and fruit
trees have suffered greatly. Several large
oak and pine trees were uprooted at Pa
citiC Grove . yesterday afternoon. ' '-¦ :
HANFORD, May 19.— The severest wind
storm In many years swept Hanford to
day. Much fruit was blown from the
trees, but will do good, as all of the
orchards were in need of thinning.
ROME, May 19.— The Sultan of Turkey
has Issued an irade recognizing the rights
?. ?I ta ,l y an A P«rmany to protect their
Catholic subjects in the East, This ac
tion by the Sultan is a blow to Frances
£ la J m ,. to . the «duslve right to protect
Catholics in the East and. ends the p?"
& 8 Xw^ t X.SSU hto matter between
Sultan Issues Important Irade.
i The relief committee has decided to ro
on with its worfc and to continue to re
ceive subscriptions.
The Madiana reached Fort de France
Saturday and A. E. Outerbridge, Agent of
the Quebec Steamship Company line, has
received a cablegram from the captain
which did not indicate that there had been
any hitch over the landing of the supplies
purchased .by the New York Chamber of
Commerce, and therefore it Is presumed
that those supplies are in the hands of
those who needed them.
The following cablegram has been re
ceived by the New York Chamber of Com
merce from the Chamber of Commerce of
Barbadoes:
"Ascertained conditions in St. Vincent.
Damage, $50,000; 1600 deaths; 160 wounded
in hospitals; 4000 destitute. Immediate
wants supplied, but help required for the ,
next six months." - ¦ . .
NEW YORK, May 19.— Cornelius N.
Bliss, national treasurer for the West In
dies relief fund, had received up to noon
to-day $94,000.
From Subscriptions.
Treasurer Bliss Keceives S94.000
GOOD RELIEF WORK.
.From the Special Correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by che New
York Herald Publishing Company.
ST. KITTS; B. W. I., May 19.— As the
full extent of the disaster worked
in St. Vincent by the explosion of
La Soufriere becomes known the
horror is Increased. Conditions
there grow worse day by day, not
withstanding the fact that the vol
cano apparently has returned to its state
of passivity.
The island is famine-stricken, although
supplies have been sent in from all of the
.British West Indian Islands. Disease has
appeared, and there are not enough physi
cians present to give the required relief.
Life in St. Vincent is made almost im
possible by the sickening stench that
gives the entire island a resemblance to
neglected shambles. Everywhere noxious
vapors are wafted by the torrid winds
that 'seem to be not in the least tempered
by the surrounding waters.
MANY BODIES NOT BURIED.
These conditions are bad enough in the
southern part of the island about Kings
ton, but they are multiplied a thousana
times in the Carib country about La Sou
friere and at Georgetown.
Under the direction of the Government
interment has been given to eighteen
hundred bodies, but other hundreds lie
decomposing under the tropical sun. The
official estimate of the victims of the vol
cano has now been increased to twenty
two hundred. That means that at least
four hundred bodies are unburied. . But
that is the least of the trouble. Thus far
no effort has been made to do more than
care for the living and bury the dead.
All about are dead cattle poMutlng the
atmosphere, which already is heavily la
den with disease.
In one of the ravines near Morne Garou
the bodies of eighty-seven Carib Indians
were found piled together. Not far away
are the carcasses of hundreds of cattle.
It has now been ordered that these men
aces to life be removed. Quicklime is be
ing used to destroy the bodies. Fires are
burning over the district which was laid
¦waste by La Soufriere, and in these are to
bo thrust the carcasses of the cat
tle. Eruptions have ceased.
LA SOTJFRIEBE QUIET.
La Soufriere is as quiet as it was before
the explosion ten days ago.
Arrangements are being made for the
exploration of the new craters. Local au
thorities believe that the forces which
were pent up within the earth have been
so relieved ' that there is no longer dan
ger of eruptions, and the ; refugees in
Georgetown and Kingston are being en
couraged to neturn to their homes In the
country.
Above La Soufriere hangs a cloud of
sulphurous gas, but the rumblings have
entirely ceased and no ashes or lava have
been put forth for four days.
It has been estimated by the Govern
ment that the" losses of the destruction of
produce, growing crops and livestock will
aggregate $300,000. There will be no sugar
or arrowroot produced in the island this
year. In the hospitals are now 140 pa
tients, all suffering from 'burns or from
the effects of inhaling suffocating gases.
Supplies are being given out daily to
more than 4000 refugees. It Is planned that
Government loans will be made to such
as are able to resume work upon estates
and as soon as possible the island will be
returned to a self-supporting state. It la
not desired that charity be accepted to
any greater extent than is absolutely re
quired.
SUSPENDS SUBSCRIPTIONS.
President Thinks Enough Belief Has
Been Supplied.
WASHINGTON. May 19.— The following
statement was given out at the White
House to-day:
"On Saturday, immediately on receiving
Consul Ayme's dispatch, the President
directed the secretaries of War and Navy
to inquire as to what was the direct con
dition of affairs at Martinique and St.
Vincent. These reports will be made pub
lic as soon as received. All the supplies
and the money subscribed hitherto have
been urgently, needed, but until further
information is received it is deemed best
that the receipt of subscriptions be sus
pended."
Explosions at Le Carbet.
PARIS, May 19.— Governor L'Huerrere
of Martinique cabled to the Colonial Min
ister, M. de Crais, announcing: that Mont
Pelee continues to throw up immense
quantities of cinders, which owing to a
change in the direction of the wind are
now covering the country districts of the
island. Violent explosions have been
heard at Le Carbet.
TEMBLOR SHOCK
CAUSES A SCARE
GALE DAMAGES
THE ORCHARDS
\ THE SAN FEANCISCO^ CALL, TUESDAY, MAY; 20, - -!?<&.'
ANGELES. May 10.— P^dro Morales -the
Mexican outlaw, was given a preliminary hear
ing: to-day on the charge of murder. He was
held for trial. , - .
2
This is a picture of a Pernambuco Panama. It is made of I
fine quality Manila braid straw and is imported from Ecuador i
b. A^ it comes m the popular tourist shape-crown creased and- i
-dented on the sides. : / f .' . I
¦ Our Eastern buyer made a special buy of these hats shortly
I after they arrived in New York. We are able to sell them for - : . . I
v They are the very thing for the man who' does not care to buy
an expensive Panama. See. them in our windows.
We carrya full line of regular straw hats'at" popular nrices
• Fedoras from ?1.OO to f 3.00; Yacht shapes . from 5Oc to'
718 Market Street f
KEEP YOUR
STOMACH WELL
Erervthinsr depends on the
stomach, Horsford's Acid
Phosphate CUBES habit-
ual stomach weakness, im-
proves appetite, digestion
and nutrition, and removes
the cause of headaches and
vrakef illness. It is a splendid
TONIC for all weak condi-
tions, quickly improving gen-
eral health. Insist on having
Horjrford 9 *
Acid
Phosphate
i»Vi -.;¦••:¦ . ¦ v ••. .. .¦: . VAliLE JO, ¦ May '. 10.' — An 'elaborate" luncheon
was given , on board the transport *. Solace to
day the of fleers, of .that, ship as, a farewell
to Captain ,WinsJow.-' who is to be ¦ succeeded ¦ In
command by Captain Singer. '. : Captain Wlnslow
expects t to ; leave for the ¦ East ' the . latter ' part
of; this week. : , - * < . : ' •,
Your First Duty to .Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The.com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to N,ew Tork and- Boston, carrying, Nickel
Plate dining . cars, I In which are served . Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c, to $1 each, always
please the traveling public. « JAY • W; - ADAMS,
P. C. P. *- 37 Crocker building, San Fran
cisco, C*. . ¦ - . t
\ BAKERSFIELD. May 19.— The Board of
Trade has arranged -with the directors of .the
Stock Exchange building for commodious apart
ments facing Nineteenth street. The . rooms
will be fitted up with exhibits representing the
products of Kern County. , . .
LOS ANGELES, May IS.— Count and
Countess Bozenta Cthe latter Mme. Mod
jeska) are in Los Angeles en route to their
home in Oranre County. They will be in
Southern California several weeks and ex
pect to depart from New York August 21
for Europe, where they will remain
through the winter. Modjeska has not re
tired from the stag*, said Count Bozenta
to-day.
Modjeska Not to Retire.
Coroner Buckrues held an inquest this
afternoon, but no new facts were learned.
The bullet passed from temple to tem
ple, lodging just beneath the skin. Had
the force been sufficient the ball would
have passed through Baker's head as
•well.
BAKERSFIELD, May 19. — Charles
Ward, a " well-known tailor here, while
lying in bed this morning, with his head
within a foot of his sleeping roommate,
sent a bullet crashing through his brain.
Ward was In the employ of Morrow &
Hussey, and was a man of good habits,
being highly regarded by his acquain
tances. He was out very late last night,
returning to his room at 3 o'clock this
morning. In response to a query, fiom
his roommate, N. Baker, he made no ex
planation as to his whereabouts, but im
mediately retired. At 5 o'clock he arose,
went to the bureau and got his pistol. An
hour later he fired the fatal shot.
Suicide's Bullet Almost Cuts Short
the Career of a Com
• - 1 . panion* ,
ENDS LIFE AS HE LIES
BY SLEEPING ROOMMATE
One. of the most pleasing features of. this re
sult 1« the interest which the wage-workers of
San Jose have evinced in the course of good
government, again Justifying the confidence
which may be reposed in the conservative mass
es of the people.
I have, high hopes that . the newly elected
officials of San Jose- will carry out 'the honor
ablo promises made by them through the cam
paign, and I am confident that the entire peo
plo of San Jose will be pleased and personally
benefited by the abolition of the domination of
the "machine."^ .; • ¦ ¦ . - ¦'¦
Whatever interest I had in this election and
in its results was entirely impersonal. The suc
cess of those who are opposed to the "ma
chine" In San Jose is In line with my con
stantly expressed wishes and hopes that the
messes cf the people should interest themselves
!n obtaining more satisfactory conditions In the
affairs of government and is proof that- when
the people will arouse themselves and take such
lntercFt, their power will ever prevail. : . : -
It was a great victory.^ Like every good
citizen who favors honest administration of lo- J
cal as well as national government, I have a
sentiment of pride at the success which has
attended the fight for better conditions in San
Jose. All • the people Interested in the sub
stantial welfare of that city seemed for once
to have forgotten the small differences -that
have at times existed and to have united for
tho betterment of the city's administration.
I am hlshly gratified not only at the local re
sult and the triumph of those who are op
posed to "push" methods, but I am delighted
also at the impulse and encouragement which
this sweeping victory gives to similar action
hy the. united people throughout the State.
Mayor Schmitz was apprised early last
evening of the result of the election *n
San Jose, and in an interview said:
tion at the Result^in San Jose.
"IT WAS A GREAT VICTORY."
Mayor Schmitz Expresses Gratifica-
Then back and . forth they struggled.
Fish had to stand a terrible strain to re
tain his grip, but to loosen it meant death.
He realized that his strength was waning
and with a final mighty, effort twisted the
cow's head until. the nose pointed upward
and she, fell upon her side stunned.' Fish
leaped over the fence, but was . too weak
to ; reach - home without help. He is - laid
up with bruises- and strained muscles.
•";. , Fish " had gone into a pasture and was
'charged by. the cow. .,- He -tripped arid; fell
and as he tried , to arise , the cow knocked
him down" again and ; tried to gore him"
One horn would have pierced the farmer's
heart as he lay on the ground had he not
nimbly-rolled upon his side. He -seized a
horn .with either hand and the cow jerked
him 'to his feet.
REDDING; 'May. 19.- Wilder W. Fish, a
farmer of Stillwater Creek, is being con
gratulated by his friends because he lives
to tell of a .remarkable encounter which
he had with - an enraged cow. - Fish :bWes
his life to his remarkable strength..
Animal's Neck and Saves
. - iS His Own Life.
Shasta' . County Farmer Wrenches
CONQUERS A MAD COW
; ' DINT OF STRENGTH
. In order, to strengthen the machine,
Gage, at the suggestion of Burns and
Herrin, •' recently appointed Mackenzie
State Harbor Commissioner. Mackenzie
brought to his aid in the campaign against
the forces of good government railroad
money and all the reinforcements, that
the water front' push of San Francisco
DEFEAT, crushing and humiliating:,
has overtaken the Gage . forces in
San Jose. The boss cohorts were
overwhelmed by the righteous citi
¦ zens on the ground chosen by Gage.
Johnny Mackenzie's machine, the
. strongest Gage-Herrin-Burns or
ganization in the State, was completely
smashed by the Good Government forces.
The defeat of Mackenzie places Gage out
of the list of. possibilities for Governor.
MAN WHO HEADED THE WIN
NING ANTI-BOSS TICKET IN
SAN JOSE.
It is estimated that nearly $20,000 was
wagered on the election to-day. James
W. Rea alone wins more than $5000.
Two years ago J. C. Martin, Macken
zie's candidate for Mayor, was elected by
5S6 votes.
Four Councilman for Fourth Ward— A. L.
Hubbard, 2500; W. H. Anderson, 2041; Fred
Hamann, 24.
The hardest' fight was that of Joe Bel
loli Jr. for Clerk. His opponent was J.
W. Cook, who has held the office for
many years.
•Following is the official vote: • <j
For Mayor — Geonre D. Worswick,- 2442; A.
GreenJnKer. 2176; E. B. Mercadler. 18.
, For City Clerk— Joseph A. Belloli Jr., 2341;
J. W. Cook, 2248.
For Treasurer — Warren F. Blakeslee, 2175;
T. J. McGeoghegan, 2435. - - .
¦ For Councilman at Large — H. D. Mathews,
2507: W. J. Rogers, 2027; J. Peters, 26.
For Councilman for First.- Ward — Patrick
Murray, 2591; J. F.. O'Keefe, 1940; E. E.
Rouner, 23.
:o his backers almost brought about his
lefeat to-day.
undoubtedly the wealthiest man In this
section of Santa Cruz County, died last
eight. The funeral will take place here
i en Wednesday morning.
Stoesser was a native of Germany and
about 77 years of age. He came to the
United States in 1846 and to Califor
nia in August, 1850, after a long
and tedious trip around the Horn on tfie
ship Zenobia. After having worked in
the mining sections of the State, with
poor results, and also in various posi
tions in San Francisco, Stoesser finally
settled in this valley In April, 1853, and
engaged in the merchandise business in
a small way. He succeeded in building
up a large business and a fortune esti
mated at $500,000. He was always known
as an honorable, progressive and public
spirited citizen. The only public position
he ever held was that of City Treas
urer of Watsonviile, from the incorpora
tion of the city In 18G8 until 1900, when he
declined re-election. He always took an
active interest in the work of the Pioneer
Society of this county. A widow and two
grown children— %liss Julia M. and Otto
D. Stoesser— mourn his loss.
ser, a pioneer merchant of this city and
WATSONVILLE. May 13.— Otto Stoes-
Pioneer Merchant of Watsonviile
Crosses the Divide.
PASSING OF OTTO STOESSEB.
REDLANDS, May 19.— Mrs. T. Kopperl,
a wealthy club woman of Galveston,
Texas, died in Loma Linda Sanitarium
tfcls morning. She was one of the Texas
party that met disaster on a tally-ho drive
or May 9. While on the heights and de
scending a steep road, the tally-ho over
turned and fourteen of its occupants were
irjur#3. Mrs. W. Q. Gresham, wife of
former Secretary Gresham of the Cleve
land Cabinet, was not expected to live,
but is now recovering. Mrs. Kopperl
suffered the amputation of a leg and lock
jaw caused death. The others of the
party have recovered sufficiently" to leave
for home to-morrow.
of the Tally-Ho Disaster at
Redlands.
Mrs. Kopperl of Galveston a Victim
WEALTHY CLUB WOMAN
SUCCUMBS TO INJURIES
The fights for the offices of Mayor,
Treasurer and Clerk were pretty ones.
The only Mackenzie! te elected is T. J. Mc-
Geoghegan, the present Treasurer, who
beat Warren F. Blakeslee 260 votes. Mc-
Geoghegan is very popular, and in >the
last election received the biggest majority
of any candidate, but the odium attaching
F. J. Zedeman and a man named Hazel
were arrested for illegal voting. The
former, who was serving as a ballot clerk
of the First Precinct, is employed on Mac
kenzie's ranch near Guadaloupe. He was
registered from the Oakland House, and
the proprietor of the place, who swore to
the complaint, says Zedeman has not
lived there for nearly a year. Zedeman
supplied $2500 bail and was released. It
is said other warrants have been sworn
to, but they have not yet been served.
To-day's struggle began with the open-
Ing of the polls and did not close until
the last ballot was counted. Macken
zie's thoroughbreds never worked before
as they did to-day, but they were unable
to overcome the prejudice of the people
against them. The vote was the largest
in the history of the city, 4636 ballots be
ing cast for Mayor. There was consider
able excitement about the polls all day.
Mackenzie had searched the State for
San Joseans who could vote, and probably
200 of this closs were imported. The prompt
action and watchfulness of the citizens'
campaign committee probably prevented
much illegal voting.
EXCITING ELECTION DAY.
These men aided, but it was the people
¦who have been so enraged by the gang
who arose in their might and carried the
election.
Mitchell Phillips, a politician, was also
a factor in the fight and aided in . the
work. "Jim" Rea, who taught Johnnie
Mackenzie the game of politicB, but who
was afterward dethroned by his ; lieuten
ant, cast his lot with the reformers this
time, and to him belongs no small share
of praise for the victory. Mackenzie
treated Rea contemptuously after suc
ceeding him as boss, and Rea's part of the
fight to-day was one of revenge. He
brought hundreds of votes to the reform
ers, and taught his former underling a
few tricks in the game of politics.
- Opposed to him was the Republican
Good Government League, with which
were associated the reform Democrats
and the better class of all other ele
ments. These . forces were marshaled b/ 1
B. A. Hayes, the president of the Good
Government League, ' who has waged an
active war against Mackenzie and gang
rule for years. Hayes to-night is the
mest popular man in the- city.
Although the candidates for Mayor were
WorswicK and Greeninger, they were al
most lost sight of, and the issue settled
down to one of reform versus Mackenzie
ism. E. A. Hayes and his brother, J. O.
Hayes, own the Mercury and Herald, and
these two papers have made a hard fight
against the gang. Although the charges
or blackmail and extortion against the
Police and Fire Commissioners were dis
missed in the Council, these papers have
shown that gamblers paid tor "protec
tion," that many, firemen were assessed
for political purposes and that there was
general grafting for theater tickets by the
gang. These and other misdoings of the
push evidently caused the people to turn
out to-day and bury Mackenzie and hi3
associates under an avalanche of ballots.
In the campaign just closed the fight
was an out-ana-out one between the
Gage machine represented by John
Mackenzie on the one side and the re
form element, under the banner of the
Citizens' ticket, on the other. Since Mac
kenzie broke away from. Rea two yea.s
ago he has built up a strong machine
with the aid of the railroad bureau, and
this was his first fight without aid from
Rea.
The Mercury and Herald were sere
naded, and then the band proceeded to
the office of James W. Rea and serenaded
him. A march to the City. Hall was then
taken up. The • crowd massed on the
steps, and as the officials in the City
Clerk's office put out their, heads cries of
"Throw down the keys" went up. .-.
REA'S HOTTB, OF REVENGE.
To-day's election and the campaign pre
ceding it were the hottest ever known in
San Jose, and the interest manifested in
the result this evening was almost as
great as in a Presidential election. For
hours the vicinity of First and Santa
Clara streets around the bulletin boards
was one mass of people, howling and
shouting for Worswick. The climax of
this entnudiasm was reached at 9 o'clock,
when the Fifth Regiment band made its
appearance. A surging stream of people,
numbering fully 20u0, felt in behind and
the procession made a tour of the city.
An automobile, with brooms and an
American nag, was in the lead. Behind
the band ana at the head of the Inde
pendence Club was big Uan Ryan, the
Fourth Ward politician. For blocks the
streets were jammed with people. On the
hats of many were pictures of Worswick
and many carried horns and cow bells.
Mackenzie has ruled with an iron
hand; the people have been afraid to op
pose him and his gang; but to-day the
voters rose up and defeated his entire
ticket, with the exception of T. J. Mc-
Geoghegan for Treasurer.
Gecrge D. Worswick is elected Mayor
over Adolph Greeninger by 266 majority.
Joseph A. Belloli Jr. is elected City Clerk
over J. W. Cook by 103 votes. McGeoghe
gan defeats Warren F. Blakeslee for
Treasurer by 260 votes. B. D. Mathews,*
Patrick Murray and Al D. Hubbard are
elected to the Council by majorities rang
ing from 649 to 480.
SAN JOSE, May 19.— San Jose broke
-tier shackles of bossism to-day and
to-night the town is wild with ex
citement. The entire populace is on
the streets celebrating the advent of
freedom. For a half-dozen years
Si>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
City Is Wild With
Rejoicing Over
Its Deliverance
The peneral theory Is that Mrs. McCar
thy had chlded her son with having been
continually Intoxicated of late; that he
became incensed and in an ungovernable
outburst of passion began his murderous
attack. Mrs. McCarthy was 60 years old.
The murderer is about 20 years of age.
The Coroner's jury returned a verdict
charging John ' McCarthy with having
caused the deatn of Mrs. Honora Mc-
Carthy. .
"When John McCarthy Sr., the 64-year
old husband of the victim and father of
the matricide, left home at noon yester
day his wife and son were eating dinner
In the kitchen. Upon his return, twenty
minutes later, he found his wife dead be
hind the stove, with a fork on which was
a piece of meat In one hand. There was
a large contusion over the left temple —
evidence that she had been struck a pow
erful blow. She had thrown up her left
arm to protect her face from a second
blow as she lay prostrate, and the mem
ber touched the hot stove. From elbow to
wrist it was shockingly burned.
While she lay where she had fallen the
unnatural son must have concluded to
finish his deadly work. Taking a revolver
he fired five bullets into the feeble old wo
man. One bullet entered the head above
the left ear. one entered just below the
car, a third passed through the throat,
severing both carotid arteries, another
penetrated the left elbow, while the last
lodged in the right shoulder. The matri
cide's weapon must have been close to his
victim's body, as when she was found her
ciothing was on fire, while the paper on
the wall near which the aged mother lay
¦was powder burned. The face of the vic
tim was black from powder specks.
SALINAS, May 19.— The Inquest held
this afternoon in Castrovllle over the
body of Mrs. Honora McCarthy, the a&ed
victim of a son's fury, brought out some
startling facts. It completely upset John
McCarthy's remarkable contention that
he killed his gray-haired, parent to save
his own life. The story told by witnesses,
together with later revelations, show the
crime to have been one of horrible
atrocity.
Special Dlssatch to The Call.
Worswick Wins the
Mayoralty by a
Majority of 266
Evideace Indicates That He Knocked
Eer Down and Fired Five Bul
lets Into Her Body as
f ¦ She Lay Prostrate.
Coroner's Jury Charges John
, McCarthy With Aged
Mother's Death.
Castro ville Crime- Due
to a Rebuke for
Drunkenness.
RAGE TUHNS
SCOLDED SON
INTO FIEND
VOTERS OF SAN JOSE GIVE STIRRING LESSON TO STATE
IN AN OVERWHELMING REPUDIATION OF GOVERNOR GAGE
GRAVER GROWS
CHINESE REVOLT
Mandarin Leads the In
surgents in
Chili.
Foreign Office at Peking,
However, Reports the Up
rising Quelled.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 19.— A tele
gram from Khabarovsk, Eastern Siberia,
dated May 18, says the revolt in th©
southern part of the Chinese province ot
Chill has become considerably more seri
ous during the last few days, and the
greater part of the population is involved.
The insurgents are now estimated to
number 30,000 men, under the leadership
of Tsin Nin Pin, a military mandarin. It
is reported that the Chinese regular
troops refused to fire on the Insurgents.
PEKING, May 19.— The reports from th#
disturbed district of the province of Chill
are conflicting. The Foreign Office to-day
notified the Ministers that the uprising
had been quelled and that its leader and
most of his lieutenants were captured.
Foreigners in Paotingfu. however, assert
that the leader N escaped and that the
country is still gVeatly excited.
The body and head of the priest recent
ly murdered have been recovered anil
given to the mission for burial.
VISALIA, May 19.— The Tulare County
Democratic Convention to-day nominated
the following candidates: For Clerk. Eu
gene Scott of Porterville^ District Attor
ney, Dan McFadzean cf Visalia; Record
er, Ira Chrisman, Visalia; Sheriff. Benja
min Parker, Visalia; Assessor, Arthur
Crowley, Visalia; Tax Collector, J. w
Fewel, Visalia; Treasurer, Henry New
man, Exeter; Superintendent of Schools,
C. J. Walker. Tulare. The convention
unanimously indorsed Hon. E. C. Farns
worth for ' Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court of the State of California.
9 Tulare's Democratic Ticket.
Court Grants Petition That She Bo
Known Henceforth as Lola
McArthur.
MRS. THOMAS HOPPER
RESUMES MAIDEN NAME
SANTA ROSA, May 19.— Judge Burnett
thi3 morning granted permission to Mrs.
Lulu McArthur Hopper, the former wife
of Capitalist Thomas Hopper, to resumo
her maiden name, Lulu McArthur. The di
vorce obtained by Mrs. Hopper was only
recently granted In Department 2, and at
that time she sought to resume her
maiden name. Her petition was denied
by Judge Burnett, but came up in a sub
sequent proceeding. Mrs. Hopper did not
appear in the courtroom this morning.
The petition recited that Mrs. Hopper
would be greatly annoyed and harassed
by continuing the use of her husband's
name. Judge Burnett held that, good
cause appearing,, the petition would be
granted, and by the name of Lulu Mc-
Arthur she will be known in the future.
At the time of the marriage, in 1892,
Thomas Hopper was reputed to be the
wealthiest man in Sonoma County. Twice^
marital difficulties arose and the couple
separated. Mrs. Hopper obtained the re
cent divorce on the ground of cruelty,
and declared ¦ her husband had made nu
merous sensational allegations against her
character. Before the trial of the divorce
case. Hopper deeded his property, consist-
Ing of thousands of acres of land, to hi3
relatives. Mrs. Hopper contended that
this was done to defraud her of her
rights. She asked for $3000 temporary ali
mony, and this was denied. After some
legal delays the case was compromised.
Mrs. Hopper obtaining a divorce but no
alimony.
good selves and the city of San Jose on your
glorious defeat of a vicious political boss, a
coUrie of spoils politicians, and that shadow
in our party, the corrupting political manager
of a great but blind corporation.
frank Mclaughlin.
A HERRIN EATS CROW.
Major left San Jose at
3:30 p. in. yesterday. At that hour he
was assured by Sam Rucker, one of the
ablest leaders in the Good Government
legion, that victory was in sight. The
major on leaving remarked to Hayes:
"Ycu will soon observe the most re
markable phenomenon In natural history
—a Herrin will eat a crow."
The inglorious finish of Gage's political
career was the chief topic of comment
last night in the Primary League, Palace
court, (Jnion League Club and t Mutual
Alliance headquarters.
The coming ex-Governor will perhaps
have a few delegates in the State con
vention, but the showing will be small.
It is conjectured that aspirants for such
offices as Treasurer, Attorney General.
Secretary' of State, Superintendent x of
Schools, Surveyor, State Printer and
Clerk of the Supreme Court will be
scampering around to locate the guber
natorial band wagon, but they will not
apply to Dan Kevane for information.
HERRIN AND BURNS MONEY.
It Is common gossip that Burns and
Herrin supplied the money which was
wagered to bolster up the boss fight in
San Jose. In -politics Herrin's stupidity
is proverbial. He can pick a winner when
there is only one candidate in the field,
but that is the limit of his discernment.
Dan Burns was formeily pretty clever.
He was always good in putting on a tine
front and a ready bluff, but he seems to
bo. approaching the stage of paresis as
far as political sense is concerned. He
could have ascertained by familiar talks
with the push that . the Republicans will
not stand for Gage.. Perhaps Herrin sup
plied the money for the Mackenzie push
to wager. The machine manipulators
were throwing out hints last Saturday
that Harriman had authorized Herrin to
back Mackenzie in the San Jose election.
As proof of such backing by the railroad
attention was subsequently called to the
departure- of an "army of rounders from
this city. Every rounder had a ticket for
San Jose. '"-•.' ' ""
$15.00 Men's 'All Wool 1 Suits ?5.85.
;-, The » Lyceum Clothing . Company Is sell
ing , men's high-grade suits,': in _ blue," black
and - fancy « cheviots, /serge, * clay . and wor
steds.: worth ?15 00, for $5 S5, at the Man
ufacturers' * Clothing Sate. 915 • Market : st.v
opposite • Mason. . -v :.."¦¦ ¦-•••.¦
WOODLAND. May , lO.-^The . Woodland, Can
ning 1 , Condensing and Preserving Company was
organized I to-day with J a . capital j stock of $20. -
000, of which $6400 has already teen subscribed.
The following .directors were .> elected: •¦• • Joa
Craig, ' h '.A.- Morris,- C. T. Bidwell; ,G.' H.
Hecke. ; J. F. Garrette. T. M.- Prose and A; M.
Eaton.; ." ' ¦¦ ¦¦. ', .'.,;. ¦ ¦ ;.- .-...;
Bradley had been 'in Tucson a-.month
and had .just been . admitted to the bar.
Officers are' in pursuit of his murderers.
: . TUCSON, Ariz. , May 19.— J. A. Bradley,
a young: attorney. of Newark, N. J., was
murdered,; supposedly by' Mexicans, at a
small stage station thirty miles from Tuc
son, ? yesterday. .-,": He had been visiting
friends at the mines and : was waiting at
the station for a stage to Tucson. When
he. was .'found ¦ later, ,' cold in ' death/ ; there
wai J a deep cut on the head. All of -the
money - and; jewelry had been taken from
his pockets. \. : ' ,v :
YOUNG ATTORNEY VICTIM
' OF' ARIZONA MURDERERS
Killed and Bobbed Near
Tucson.
Becent Arrival From New Jersey Ii
Last evening Major Frank McLaugh
Hn,' who was chairman' of the Republlcar
State Central Committee in the battles o;
1896 and 1898, sent the following messagf
of congratulation to the anti-boss
leaders: / .
V SAN FRANCISCO. May 19. 1802.
.Messrs. E. A. and J. O. Hayes, San- Jose
I most sincerely and heartily congratulate you
The eyes or the entire State are centered upor
your contest. The spirit of every good cltlzer
Join* you In the fight for clean government
and honest administration. May success crowi
your-cause.^. EUGENE E, SCHMITZ, Mayor.
In San Francisco great Interest wai
manifested in the battle; Yesterday Mayoi
Schmitz wired the following message t<
the citizens' committee: ,
The . citizens of San Jose . have grea'
cause for , rejoicing, as they have savet
the. honor of the city and removed th<
blight that has so long hampered th<
industrial progress of the community. Th<
fight for good principles and cleaji gov
ernment ~waa admirably conducted. Front
a newspaper point of view the work of th<
San Jose Mercury was marveloua^for en
terprise and ability. '
SAN JOSEANS REJOICING.
"Wait until the San Jose election; tker
the people of the State will get an object
lesson showing Gage's strength." ¦ -
Mackenzie himself would not admit the
possibility of a reverse. It was the gen
eral opinion of politicians throughout th«
State that Mackenzie might win out;
hence in all the tables estimating the
strength of various candidates for Gov
ernor. Santa Clara was placed in the Gage
machine list.
could contribute. Jesse Marks, the Benjo
Eyed Kid and other earnest supporter;
of the administration went to San Josi
with money to wager that Mackenzie
would win. Three months ago the pusl
shouted: ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1902.
THE lesson of the San Jose election is plain. It means the overthrow of Gage and his machine henchmen. At the outset ot the gubernatorial campaign the push
asserted that the battle in San Jose would demonstrate the Governor's strength. To make the demonstration effective the push sent rounders from Bakers
field, Fresno, Oakland and San Francisco to reinforce Mackenzie. Money was lavishly expended and recklessly wagered to stimulate enthusiasm for the boss
ticket, but despite the power of money corruptly used and State patronage shamefully misapplied, the Gage administration received a stinging rebuke from the
honest citizenship of San Jose. Gage regarded Santa Clara County as his stronghold, and San Jose the citadel of his strength. There he expected an endorsement
that would be an object lesson to other localities. He got the lesson, and it now remains to be seen whether he will heed it. Johnny Mackenzie, last but not least
of the bosses, may take his place in the ranks of the rebuked and defeated along with Billy Herri n, Dan Burns, Jere Burke and John Lynch.
The victory of the reform forces is complete. The anti-Mackenzieites elect, their candidates for Mayor, City Clerk and Councilmenl Out of the wreck the
boss machine saves but a single office, that of Treasurer. , • ,
Railroad Money Is
Spent "in Vain to
Avert a Defeat
Knockout Blow for
Herrin's Guber
natorial Aspirant
3
Established 1823.
WILSON
WHISKEY
That's All I
", fAKB JOEEFH, Representative, «W Battery Street. Baa Francisco.
. ' h - • . ,-.¦¦,¦ . ¦¦ • . ¦ " ',.--•
9 A
I No one knows better I
I what a suit is worth I
I than the maker of it I
H We know the value of our $10 made-to-meas- I
H . ure suits— we know how they are made and what il
if they are made of. What^a person knows is a fact— ||
H| an incontrovertible, absolute fact. From our knowl- if
H edge of these suits we know that they will bear a S
in strong guarantee — a guarantee that means something I j
H to the customer, because it protects him. If a cus- W
|j tomer is displeased with one of the suits he can have il
;"ja his money back; if the customer keeps the suit he is fl
g entitled to a year's repairing free.^ Here is protection II
If The guarantee certainly proves that we have en- jl
H tire faith in the suit's. The suits are worth the money — jl
H no question about it;' they will 'wear satisfactorily — 11
|j Samples are free for the asking. Would you like li
v B Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled — satisfactory H
H ¦ fit assured through our self-measuring system — write for samples. t|
i 718 Market St. and H
j| Cop. Powell and Bddy Streets. H' St. "-Patrick's ; Mutual ¦! Alliance. Associa
tion of California gave a social dance last
"J 8 , 1 ! 1 : *&: the . Knights of the Red < Branch
Hall. i. There was a large attendance and
dancing was continued till a late .hour.-.'
'-''¦'".'."¦' \* . * ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦
Mutual Alliance Gives 'Dance.
. Millar Bacon and; Myrtle Vane, operatic
singers, made a hlt'at the Chutes Theater
last'- night ! in "Pygmalion and '¦¦ Galatea "
and; Charles T.' Byrne and: Ethel. West,
in .'a -."Rube" 'musical act,: proved, clever
entertainer^, Maude and Gladys Soren
sen,: the well-known and talented chil
dren, >cere well . received in their .special
ties, and Jack 8yrnonds, the minstrel, kept
the 3 large ¦ audience In good * humor ! - for
twenty minutes. The 1 Petchlhg brothers,
wtth» their., musical flower garden, Coley
: and Mamie Grant, , the "Kohlnoors of ¦ col
ored ¦¦¦ comedy," and the Anlmatoscope, '
¦ '¦'¦ * ¦ '¦¦ * ''. ' ">> '/.-•
Chutes.
A reunion and high jinks of eleven B'nai
B'rith lodges was held last night at B'nai
B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy , street. A very en
tertaining: programme ; was arranged for
the. evening by the committee, composed
of Benjamin J. Schloss (chairman), Lewl3
HlrBch, H. Helnemann, J. Lewis Dr/ M
Neuman, .A. Voorsanger 'and ' Adoloh
Wolfe. Addresses were ; made'-by Ben
Schloss. Lucius Solomon: and- the presi
dent,^' Marcus ; Rosenthal. ¦¦ Charles Oliver
and Eadle Jewell lent their assistance to
make the evening 'an enjoyable one -
B'nai'B'riths Hold High. Jinks.
Orpheum: >^'
The programme this week at ' the Or
pheum : is brimful . of the best that vau
deville has to offer, Lotta Gladstone ."as
''The Quaint Country Girl" is very clever.
Her act is a distinct- novelty and she has
the art of pleasing without .effort. Her
laugh is infectious and her song, ¦''That's
Mine," makes - a pronounced hit.. Dooley
and Fowley, black-face l> comedians, do
Borne ' ragtime singing and s dancing. In • a
tvay that has \ never been seen -here.be
fore. One of the team . possesses a sweet
tenor ¦¦ voice, ¦ which he . uses .: to , advantage
in two refrains. ' The "Eight Picchtani
Asters,*' who, strange to say, consist of
:. "Fiddle-Dee-Dee" ¦'entered; .upon its
seventh week at Fischer's .¦ Theater last
nJght and the usual packed hduse,laughed
at the funny jokes and clever- sallies of
the .comedians. - . , ; „
/Maud Amber, in the role of leading lady
scored another distinct success and. was
applauded every time she 'stepped before
the footlights.- Wlnfleld Blake acted- tha
part of ' the • American millionaire ' m i the
same clever manner and the pretty chorus
had a bunch of new songa. Dill, Kolb and
Bernard, were therewith their usual funny
stunts and. kept the audience In one round
of laughter. The bill throughout was the
best;.of its kind i seen here in;a:long timo
and "Fiddle-Dee-Dee" will *, probably be
good . for • seven more weeks. ;-• -, - >.
Fischer's.
Ripples of laughter, provoked, by; the
ridiculous '.scenes and funny sayingB • in
"Tho Lottery of Love, "...mark every act
and scene at the California. "The Lottery
of Love" is.'handled by James Neill and
his clever support in ' a manner that
brings out .every particle of fun in th<»
lines of the play, the ludicrous incidents
and the very curious and far-fetched sit
uations devised by the writer. Nelll ¦ la
adding to his fame in the difficult role of
Doubiedot, the muchly married man, and
Lillian Andrews ' as : a . > mother-ln-lay is
everything that a -woman bearing that
relation to man is, according to the com
mon conception of ¦ the character. . She is
decidedly clever in her impersonation.
Edith * Chapman as I>iaria, Doubledofs
first wife,'. becomes popular upon -her ap
pearance. 'The handsome : presence and
clever acting of Marian Stone, the, "Vrlze
In the lottery," makes her • a 'favorite.
John W. Burton, Donald ' Bowles and
Frank M^cVicars . give to '; their parts
plenty of life and • add * greatly to the
work of the women in the cast and Mr.
California.
PHILADELPHIA. May 19.— The execu
tive committee of the National Associa
tion of Manufacturers at a meeting to
day decided to move the general offices of
the organization from this city to New
York. • ¦• . .::?,;->-;-, •:•- •.
Will Move Its Offices to New York.
Edward Harrigan ia not a shining suc
cess as a playwright if "Waddy Googan"
is a sample of what he can do in that line,
but as a ; delineator " of . the roles that
emanated from his- fertile brain he> is
somewhat better. Mr. Harrigan' Is a hap
py-go-lucky sort of individual: on ; the
stage and his entrances and exits are
watched with-- Interest by the audience.
"Waddy Googan" is an appropriate name
for a playlet that is without plot' or. rea-.
son. ; There are enough: people in' the feast
to. make-up two companies. •¦ The members
of the organization ¦ flit . across ..the- stage
without saying much and ] do verv little.
There are three acts and as many scenes
to each act. Mf. Harrigan sings and some
of the company S try their luck\ In that
line with indifferent success. .The play
abounds , in horse-play* and scenes ,that
resemble a good-natured "rough house..".?,'
Grand Opera-House.
Marseilles-Paris Bicycle Race.
PARIS, May 19.— The Marseilles-Paris
bicycle race was won by Lesna, who cov
ered the entire distance In 38 hours and 13
minutes.
Senate Confirms the Nominations.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— Confirmations
by the Senate: Edward S. Bragg, Wis
consin, Consul General at Havana; Wil
liam Martin, New York, Consul at Nan
king, China; J. H. 'Wormari, New York
Consul General at Munich, Bavaria; J. A
Frye, attorney for the District of Wash
ington. Pastmasters: California— L
Thomas, Sausalito; J. W. Magee, Chico
Arizona— E. C. Campbell, Jerome. Also
several appointments and promotions in
the navy.
Expects Long Session of Congress.
WASHINGTON, May 19.-Senator Teller
of Colorado to-day informed Senator
Platt of Connecticut that the session of
Congress would be likely to continue six
ty days from the 1st of June. Senator
Teller says he estimates that thirty days
will be occupied in discussing the canal
bill and the same amount of time on tho
Cuban reciprocity bill when it is taken up
Machinists Strike for Shorter Hours.
DALLAS, Tex.. May 19.— The machin
ists on the entire Texas Pacific system
struck to-day for shorter hours.
California Defeats Oregon.
; EUGENE, Or.. May 19.— The University
of California and the University of Oregon
basebaU.teama played a. game here thlc
afternoon, California winning easily bv a
score of 11 to 2.
¦ : He leaves a' wife, Margaret Wade, and
two daughters. Mrs. Junia Lando and
Miss Charlotte May -Wade. ; . -
i After he resigned his office he came to
thia State and settled in Napa County.
.While in the' Assembly, he stood for an
'economical administration of tha State's
affairs. He was an indefatigable worker
and exercised a wide Influence. ,
Owen Wade, »who was a .prominent citi
zen of Napa County and a notable figure
in State politics, passed away Sunday
night at 9 o'clock, after an illness of sev
eral weeks a.t a sanitarium in this city.
For. three terms, the deceased represented
the Eighteenth Assembly District in -the
lower house, and as an Assemblyman he
was best known to the public. . , • :
Owen Wade was born in Morgan Coun
ty, Ohio, in 1831. Until he was 20 years of
age he lived with. his father on a farm,
and for a few years just previous to his
leaving home to come West he • taught
school.* He crossed the plains with an ox
.team in 1852 and settled in Oregon. With
the exception "of one year, 1859, which he
spent in this State, he continued to reside
in Oregon until 1879. While in that State
,he engaged in mining, farming and school
teaching. In 1864 Wade was elected a
member of the Oregon Legislature, and in
April, 1865, he was appointed by President
Lincoln Register of the United States
Land Office at Oregon City. He waa re
appolnted three times, once by President
Johnson and twice by President Grant.
He held the office continuously for thir
teen years. .
the 'Eighteenth. District and a
Prominent State Politician.
Was Thrice an Assemblyman From
OWEN WADE SUCCUMBS
AFTEU LONG ILLNESS
DENVER, May 19.— Young Corbett and
Kid Parker, who are old-time ring rivals,
met here to-night and agreed on the terms
of a flght to be held In June next before
the club offering the best purse. The
weight Is to be 128 pounds at 3 o'clock.
A side bet of $2300 was agreed upon.
Young Corbett to M«et Kid Parker.
After all, that is what plays are written
for — to please the public That's what
"Second in Command" was written for
and it suffices in the second week to pack
the house with as appreciative an audi
ence as it didon the first night betore the
local critics had an opportunity to play
the anvil chorus over its mangled remains.
The great charm of the acting is the
faithful personation of the happy go un
lucky Major. Blngham by John Drew, His
acting is so (.natural,: so unstrained, . that
it is a treat to look at and to hea^.
Pessimistic critics, surfeited out of
healthy appetite and afflicted with the
blind staggers of the footlights, may pick
faults and point out yawning abysses tills
side of perfection both in actors and plays,
but the unsurfeited public, weeping at the
pathetic, and honestly laughing out loud
at the 'humorous, will enjoy what' tho
critics may condemn.
Columbia.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— The Supreme
Court to-day dismissed for want of juris
diction the case of Lee Lung vs. J. L.
Patterson, United States Collector of Cus
toms at Portland, Or. Lee Lung is a Chi
nese merchant who, after a short resi
dence in the United States, returned to
China and brought back with him one
of his wives and a daughter by another
wife. The party was denied admission
under the ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment, and sued out a writ of habeas cor
pus in the District Court for the District
of Oregon. The court refused to enter
tain the writ on the ground that it could
not review the order of the executive de
partment. To-day's opinion affirms that
decision.
Justices Brewer and Peckham dis
sented.
tive Department Denying Chi
nese a Landing.
Refuses to Review Order of Execu-
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS *
A COLLECTOR OF CUSTOMS
During the first round McCoy had all
the advantage, but in the second he was
floored by a blow on the jaw and would
have been stopped but for the bell. In
the third round he was knocked down
three times, but again escaped a knock
out. He recovered In the fourth, and al
though Carter again succeeded in putting
him to the floor McCoy in turn had his
opponent almost out. In the fifth and
sixth rounds McCoy kept away from Car
ter's vicious swings but he was groggy
at the finish, and Carter, though show
ing more evidence of rough usage had
much the better of the bout.
PHILADELPHIA, May 19.— Kid McCoy
was twice saved by the bell in a six-round
bout with Kid Carter at Industrial Hall
to-night. He was knocked down five
times and was much the weaker at the
finish, although Carter was badly pun
ished, i
Times in a Six-Round
Bout.
Carter Sends Him to the Floor Five
KID McCOY IS TWICE
. SAVED BY THE GONG
The characters are not strongly drawn,
and none of the clever stock company'
has a chance to work to advantage. M.
L. Alsop was the ypung husband, George
Ofcboufne his father-in-law, Henry Shu
iner his friend, Howard Scott his man
ser-vant, Juliet Crosby the maid, Marion
Convere the young wife, Lillian Elliott
the mother-in-law, Oza Waldrop the sis
ter-in-law, Frank Bacon a police inspec
tor and Walter Belasco a policeman. ¦ .
A young husband, during his wife's ab
sence, goes with a friend to call at
Brixton, and by some inexplicable
means the husband's man servant
visits the same house. '. He hears
his master's voice and takes refuge
in an empty house adjoining. He had
worn a' suit and overcoat belonging to his
master and a burglar enters the vacant
bouse and compels him to disrobe, leav
ing him a suit which he had stolen from
his master's friend. The master tries to
hide his escapade from his servant so
that hia wife would not hear of . it, and
the servant from the master, which
causes no end of complications, some of
them very laughable.
A COMEDY, "The Brixton Bur
glary," by Fred W. Sidney, an
English playwright, was present
ed for the first time in this city at
f the Alcazar Theater last night,
might be more justly termed "Much
Ado About Nothing." The complications
are so many that they become bewilder
ing, and it is difficult to make out Just
what they all mean.
f. This.. will be. Elks' night at the Grand
Opera-house, and, in honor of the occa
sion, the amusement, committee, • John
Morrisey chairman, has 1 prepared a pro
gramme of the highest order. It will in
clude Edward Harrigan and the Grand
Opera-house Company in the second and
best act of- "Old Lavender"; Miss Julia
Helnrich, the eminent • contralto, accom
panied by Fred Maurer, in songs by Nevin
and-Foote; the juvenile ragtime Florodora:
sextet; Charles Williams, of the
San Jose Elks, 4 in "A Stage Wait";
Jessie Dale, • the. ¦ ., girl barytone;
Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane of
the Grand Opera-house Company, in
their comedietta, "Am I Your Wife?"
Lew Sully, the monologist from the Or
pheum; ; Georgie. Cooper and her picka
ninnies from the Central, and Frances
Graham, Ferris Hartman, Harry Cash
man and Edward Webb from the Tivoli
in bits from < the "Singing Girl," which
Paul Steindorff will direct. All of the
box, dress circle and orchestra seats have
been sold, and it has been decided to
throw open the family circle and balcony
at popular prices. . ,
Elks' Benefit.
"The "Singing Girl" commenced Its
fourth week at the Tivoli last night with
a large and highly appreciative audience.
The opera is full of. fun and catchy music
and deservedly bids fair to be one of the
successes of the season./ Annie Meyers. in
the title role is" singing as ehe has never
sung before. - She makes the most also of
a .very- humorous part. Ferris Hartman
never ¦ fails to draw' forth, volumes of
laughter and applause. Harry Cashman
and Edward Webb contribute generously
in tho funmaklng. "Am I Right," sung
by, HartmarV Webb and Cashman, was
encored a dozen times last night. Harold
Gordon is a very popular singer and ..in
this opera has plenty of opportunity '1b
show his ability. Arthur Cunningham i.f
another whose voice always pleases and
who is adding to his Iaurel3 in "The Sing
ing Girl." Frances Graham, Aimee Lei
cester and the rest of the cast aid much
in the success of the opera. . v ;
Tivoli.
? • ¦»• . / I ; »¦¦ - ¦-. . •
Rachel (Miss Agnes Ranken), wherein
the agonized Bessie turns on' the woman
¦who has caused her torment and excori
ates her in her wrath, was an exception
ally fine piece of acting.
• Miss Ranken, as Rachel, the temptress,
also gave ¦ a fine interpretation, and
Georgie Cooper was pleasing as usual in
the part of Bessie's sister, Miriam. Earle
Brown made an excellent John Tressidor,
and James Ccrrigan as Phil Tressidor,
the father, gave a highly creditable de
lineation of that character. Kitty Bel
more was all that could be desired In the
role of Deborah Barton, and Julius "Mc-
Vicker, Stanley Ross, Edwin T. Emery.
Ernest Howell and the balance of the cast
completed an admirable support.
seven ladies and one man, perform some
I remarkable acrobatic' stunts, and their
shoulder-jumping is nothing short of mar
velous. Among the other contributors to
an excellent snow are Kelly and Kent,
Little Elsie. Mr, and Mrs. Alfred Kelcey,
Lew Sully, Sagar Midgley and Gertie
Carlisle. Mile. Chester's statue dog gives
a wonderful exhibition of canine sagacity.
The poses of the handsome animal are a
credit to his trainer and are well worth
.seeing.
THREE POPULAR MEMBERS OF THI
THEATRICAL, . PROFESSION ! NOW
APPEARING IN THIS CITY/ : .'
NEW YORK, May 19.— The will of Arch
bishop Corrigan bequeaths all his estate
to Bishop Charles E. McDonnell of Brook
lyn; Bishop Winand M. Wigger of New
ark, N. J., and Bishop Henry Gabriels of
Ogdensburg, X. Y.. "to have and to hold
as joint tenants and not as tenants in
common."
By the terms of the will the final sur
jVivor of the three named legatees will
eventually get the entire estate. The com
plete value of the estate is placed at
about $125,000.
Bishop Wigger, one of the tenants, is
dead.
Bishops to Hold as Joint
Tenants.
Leaves His Estate to Three Catholio
ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAN'S
WILL IS MADE PUBLIC
WESTERN ASSOCIATION. .
At Kansas City — Kansas City 11, Peoria 3.
At St. Joseph- — No . game, owing to failure
of Milwaukee team to arrive on time.
At Omaha — Omaha 5, Denver 4.
At Des Moines — Des Moines 0, Colorado
Springs 0.
Batteries — Slever and McGuire; Griffith and
Sullivan.
At Washington — Washington-Baltimore game
postponed — Rain. " • ¦
• At Bo6ton — Philadelphia-Boston game post
poned — Rain. '
Chicago 1
Detroit 0
St. Louis 5 10 o
Batteries — Joss and Bemls; Harper and Sug
d«n.
DETROIT. May 19. — An error by Casey and
one by Yeager In the opening inning lost this
afternoon's game for Detroit Attendance
3500. The score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 0
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
. CLEVELAND, May 19. — Harper's masterly
twirling and his faultless support allowed the
Browns to shut out Cleveland. Joss pitched
good ball. Attendance, 2000. The score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati '"»•'<• 4 8 l
New York ... ...;......... 2 8 2
" Batterles-^Currle . ,and Pelts; Sparks and
Yeager. . • . .•
Batteries — Popp and Ryan; Newton. Kltson
and Ahearn.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, May 19. — New Tork lost
to-day's game through inability to connect with
Currle at the proper time. Attendance, 400.
The score.
R. ' H. E.
Pittsburg .: 2 5 0
Philadelphia 1 0 2
Batteries — Doheny and Smith; McGee and
Dooin.
ST. LOUIS. May 19.— St. Louis won the third
straight from Brooklyn to-day. Attendance,
600.' Score: -
R. H. E.
St. Ix>uis 6 12 1
Brooklyn 5 12 4
Chicago 5 8 1
Boston 2 10 2
Batteries — Williams and Kilns; Malarkey
and Klttredge."
PITTSBURG, May 19.— Two wild throws in
the first Inning gave the locals their first run.
After that McGee had his opponents at his
mercy until the ninth, when Coftroy's three
bagger and Wagner's single won the game.
Attendance, 2300. The score:
R. H. E.
CHICAGO. May 10.— Seven- bunched hits in
three Innings, a base on balls, a wild pitch and
an error gave Chicago to-day's game. Attend
ance 1100. The score:
R. H. E.
Games Scheduled at Washington aud
• Boston Are Postponed Owing
, to Rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS WINS THIRD
STRAIGHT FROM BROOKLYN
COLON, Colombia. May 19.— Fifteen hu
dred Government soldiers arrived here to
day from Savanilla to re-enforce the
troops already on the isthmus. The re
enforcements constitute a division and are
under the command of General Henao.
The Government gunboat General Pinzon
also arrived here to-4ay from Savanilla.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, May 19.— The
British steamer Para, from Colon, which
arrived here to-day, reports that the Co
lombian rebels are gaining considerable
ground in that republic. Their forces are
said to be concentrating near Cartha
gena, and they are reported to be plan
ning an attack on that city, and also on
Colon and Panama. The officers of the
Para say that reliable Information was
received at Colon to the effect that the
revolutionists are in possession of a large
tract of country, that they hold several
interior towns and are gaining strength
steadily in consequence of the Govern
ment's oppressive taxation.
tacks on Carthagena, Colon and
Panama.
They Are Said to Be Planning At-
COLOMBIAN REBELS
ARE GAINING GROUND
Whitney's and Croker's Stables Win.
LONDON. May 19.— William C. Whit
ney's Intruder won 'the three-year-old
maiden plate and Richard Croker's Blue
Grass won the Thames Hod handicap at
Hurst Park Whitsuntide meeting. < The
stables of Messrs. Whitney and Croker
have been in bad form up to the present,
but Intruder had no difficulty in securing
the verdict to-day. *
third. Time, 1:43^.
Fourth race, one mile, purse — Helen Print
won Dewey second. Terra Flrma third. Time,
1 :40'
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling
Schwalbe won. Van Hoorebeke second. Near
est third. Time. 1:44%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Buccleuth
won Marie Bell second, Louis Wagner third.
Time. 1:13%.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 19.— Churchill
Downs results:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling
' — Deboray won. King's Lady second. Style
third. Time. :55%.
Second race, six furlongs — Abe Frank won.
j, v. Klrby second. Golden Glitter third. Time. >
Third race, four and a half furlongs— Right I
and' True won. Captain Arnold second. Ben /
Chalice third. Time. :55}i.
Fourth race, six furlongs, free handicap—
Sevcy won. Daftodown DUly second. Memnon
third. Time. 1:14.
Fifth race one mile — Lady Brandle won, J.
J. T. second. Baffled third. Time, 1:42.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Alfred Vargrave
wen. Autumn Leaves second, '• Maud Gonna
third. Time, ,1:27%. _ •;*.-.'
• First race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Frank Pearce won. Orris second-. Dr. Claris
third. Time. l:4.TVi-
Second race, four and a h<»lf furlongs, sell
ing — Seixe won. Gold Ornament second, Don
Erneeto t"hlrd. Time, :55Vi. -
Third race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Prince Real won. Free Pass second. Guide Rock
Goodman won Brooston second. Belle Graham
third. Time. * :57 3-5.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Leenja won Thurles second, Guy H third.
Time. 1:50 2-5.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Articulate won,
Alard second. Vulcain third. Time, 1:29 4-5.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth — Prince of
Africa won. Marshal Nell second, Marcos third.
Time. 1:51 4-5. ,
Sixth race, one mile — Louisville* won. Miracle
II second. Captain Gainea third. Time. 1:44%.
ST. LOUIS. May 19. — Fair Grounds turn-
First race, six furlongs — Clorita won, Zlbia
second. Pretortus third. Time. 1:17 2-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs —
p-..:y: •
First race, third Monday sailing state*.
Eclipse course — Caithness won, Mark second.
Stella W third. Time. 1:12.
Second race, the Bairns selling for two-year
elds, last n>e furlongs of Eclipse course-
Plater won. Faust second. Impetuous third.
Third race, the City Island race for maiden
three- year-olds and up, seven furlongs — Royal
won, Frankfort second. White Crest third.
Time. 1:27%.
Fourth race. Mcadowbrook hunter steeple
chase, about two and a half miles — Somerset .
won. Self Protection second. Borough third.
Time, 4:41..
Fifth race, the "Withers mile, selling — Handl
capper won. Agnes. D second, Barbara Frletchle
third. Time. l:42Vi.
Sixth race, mile and a furlong, handicap — ¦
Advance Guard won. St. Finnan second. Al3lke
third. Time. 1:56%.
CHICAGO, May 19.— Worth results:
Meado-wbrook Hunter Steeplechase at
Morris Park Is Won by
Somerset.
Nr..V YORK, May ID.— Morris Park mm.
ARTICULATE WINS ' SEVEN
FURLONG RACE AT WORTH
Britt and Lavigne Are Train
ing Hard — Amateurs
Will Battle.
.'• wronged , wife. Miss ¦ Mclntyre proved
V worthy of everything that has recently
.-,¦•¦ been said in her praise. Her scene with
Central. • . , <
. "A crowded house at the Central Theater
last evening gave enthusiastic applause
to the numerous 'strong emotional scenes
of the : papular . melodrama. "Woman
Against Woman." Additional interest
was lent to the performance,, as it served
to introduce to a Central audience the
new ¦ leading lady of . that theater, • Miss
Fanny Mclntyre, in the role of Bessie, the
The following rules were adopted: Play
ers must serve from short line; the games
to be the best two out of three: winners
play winners and losers play losers; games
to be played on Monday, Wednesday and
Friday evenings, according to schedule.
Third class — James Coftroth and O. Co»
grlfC vs. F. Krone- and W. McCarthy;. Jack
Cunningham and II. Martin vs. Lester Ham
mersmith and C. Pentony; H. Atkinson and C.
Clough vs. II. Bullion and James Gartland.
Second clasa— George Cole and Kerry John
son vs. John Cole and F. Sherry: R. Forbes
and T. J. Fitzpatrlek vs. Leo Starr and F.
Orhltz; R. Lyons and M. Cavanaugh vs. F.
Carmany and Fritz Wegner; G. M. Converse
and Joe Collins a bye.
First class — H. Bogen and M. Gibbons vs.
Freil But? and Otis Crable; Robert Bowman
and Guy Ransome vs. Tom Powers and Monro?
Green: Jack Gleason and William Cartwright
vs. Henry Russ and Louis Levy.
Last night a committee composed of
George James, Tom Powers and Norman
Green held a drawing in the presence of
the entries and . the following men were
chosen as partners and matched to play
the first series of games:
In the first class are some of the heavy
weights like Gleason. Butz and Cart
wright and it is expected that the playing
in the small court on the roof will re
semble a football game on Thanksgiving
day. . ¦ • ,
Ping pong will have to take a back seat
for the next two weeks at the Olympic
Club. The athletes have started in train
ing for a more strenuous pastime and fear
becoming afflicted with a "ping pong
ankle." The soft ball- doubles handbail
tournament starts at the club to-morrow
night. There are three classes and the
experts of the club • will contest for val
uable prizes.
George RIghter Jr.. who said he repre
sented holders of 7000 shares of stock, pro
tested against the proposed payment of
4 per cent commission to the underwriters
of the issue of $2^0.000,000 bonds.
Before the resolutions were adopted
Samuel B. Strong of Providence protested
against the plan. He said he believed
that a good many stockholders who had
sent proxies to the meeting had never
had an opportunity to see the contract
between the corporation and J. P. Mor
gan & Co. relative to the underwriting
of the new bond issue. He moved that
the meeting adjourn for a month so all
could learn about the plan. The motion
was lost. C. H. Venner of Boston en
tered a formal protest against the carry
ing out of the plan for exchanging pre
ferred stock for bonds. He objected on the
ground that there was no authority of
law for the corporation to change its
stock for bonds, and further that the act
of the New Jersey Legislature permitting
the company to make this exchange was
unconstitutional and void. The protest
was placed on file.
NEW YORK. May 19.— A special meet
ing of the stockholders of the United
States Steel Corporation was held in Ho
boken to-day to consider resolutions
adopted by the directors providing for the
retirement of $200,000,000 preferred stock
and the issuing of $250,000,008 new bonds.
Resolutions authorizing the changes were
adopted, and the secretary of the meeting
announced that SO per cent of the pre
ferred and 76 per cent of the common
shares were voted in favor of the plan.
Fitzsimmons and Jeffries will come to
gether to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
in the office of the Central Theater. Their
meeting will be a peaceful one. and the
men will try and complete arrangements
for a championship heavy-wfcight contest.
The feeling between the' big fellows is
strained, but it Is hoped by interested
parties that they will not go outside o£
business at the meeting. Fitzsimmons
stated last night that he would not lose
his temper and trusted that ' Jeffries
would act the gentleman. At any rate
their meeting to-morrow afternoon will
be a memorable one.
Jjmmy Britt is working like a Trojan
over at Croll's Gardens, Alameda, for his
contest with "Kid" Lavigne, which comes
off in this city on the evening of May 20.
Yesterday Britt boxed with clever Eddie
Hanlon and went the route at a fast clip.
Jimmy reports himself in good shape and
thinks he will be the victor. Lavigne U
working at the Six-mile House. Mark
Shaushnessy is working wtth him. The
"Kid" is rounding into magnificent con
dition. He has* "Kid" Parker to work
with daily.
On Thursday night there will be soma
hot lighting at the San Francisco Ath
letic Club. Manager Greggains has two
star contests. - Gus Koster, a husky
boxer, is to c6ntest with Henry Flncke
of the Olympic Club for the middle-weight
championship of the world. The main
event will be a heavy-weight contest be
twe9n Jack Joice and Frank Craig. There
will be five other bouts between well
known amateur boxers.
The provision for a naval station on the
Great Lakes was stricken out on a point
of order by Roberts. The bill was passed.
On motion of Gardner of New Jersey
the bill limiting the hours of daily service
on Government work to eight hours was
passed under suspension of the rules, as
was a House joint resolution fixing De
cember 31, 1902, as the date when entries
under the mining laws of the United
States of certain lands in the Spokane
(Wash.) Indian reservation shall take
effect. <
A Senate bill providing for the erection
of the northern branch of the National
Home for Disabled Soldiers at Hot
Springs. S. D., was passed.
At 5:15 p. m. thfe House adjourned.
Ball offered an amendment, which wa3
agreed to, providing that in case ship
builders enter into a combination or
agreement or understanding by which
competition would be shut off, then all
the ships shall be built in Government
yards.
Roberts referred to what he termed the
pathetic plea of Dayton for the laboring
man and said that when a labor delega
tion appeared before the committee they
made no plea for work in private yards.
The amendment of Roberts was agreed
to without division.
Dayton said the amendment would not
be in the interests of the laboring men,
because there was a limit placed on the
number of men that the navy-yards could
employ, and it would extend the work
over many years.
Adams of Pennsylvania made a point
of order against it, which was -finally sus
tained by the chair. An appeal was ta
ken and the chair was overruled, 86 to 109.
The question was then on agreeing to the
amendment. \
IN GOVERNMENT YARDS.
Foss urged the members to consider
what the amendment meant Past expe
rience, he said, had proved that it cost E0
per cent more to build ships in Govern
ment yards than in private yards, and he
cited the Texas and the Maine.
WASHINGTON, .May 19.— Before ad
journment to-day the House passed, the
naval appropriation bill. The feature o£
the debate was on the amendment offered
by Roberts of Massachusetts, providing
that three of the ships provided for in the
bill— a battleship, a cruiser and a gunboat
—shall be built in Government yards.
Adams of Pennsylvania made a point of
order against the amendment, which Sher
man sustained, but on an appeal by Rob
erts the chair was overruled and the
amendment was agreed to. TUnder sus
pension of the rules the bill for eight
hours' work on all Government contracts
was passed.
When the House adjourned on Saturday
a point of order was pending, offered by
Underwood of Alabama, in relation to the
appointment of 500 additional cadets ! at
Annapolis under the rules and regulations
authorized by the Secretary of the Navy,
the appointments to be distributed among
each Senator, member and delegate,
twenty-four delegates to be appointed at
Jarge.
Underwood contended that the clause
was a wholly different proposition from
the authorization of a battleship. He
said it would be a very dangerous inno
vation if the chair overruled the point of
order.
Wheeler of Kentucky asked if Under
wood was opposed to the provision, to
which Underwood replied that he was, as
it would open the way for any new legis
lation.
CADET TO MIDSHIPMAN.
The chair sustained the point of order.
An amendment by Dayton then was
agreed to, changing the name cadet to
midshipman.
Wateon of Indiana offered an amend
ment, which was agreed to, repealing sec
tions 8, 9 and 10 of the act of March 3,
1899, organizing and increasing the effi
ciency and personnel of the navy and ma
rine corps, having reference to retire
ments.
Foss submitted a statement, prepared
by the Bureau of Naval Intelligence,
showing that there were but thirty-eight
line officers at the Naval Academy ' in
stead of fifty-eight as had been stated.
Ball of Texas submitted an amendment
striking out the provision limiting the
number of ships to be built by any one
firm or corporation. It was agreed to.
Mudd made a point of order against the
provision in the bill providing that in the
construction of naval vessels the provi
sions of the naval appropriation bill for
1901 shall be observed, and followed, be
cause, he said, it changed existing laws.
The motion was adopted.
Roberts of Massachusetts offered an
amendment authorizing the Secretary of,
the Navy to build one battleship, one ar
mcred cruiser and "one gunboat "in such
Government navy-yards as he may desig
nate."
Experts to Meet in Doubles
for Very Handsome
Trophies.
. , v .... t / " / : _-+
with new moving pictures, completed a
good 'programme. The feature of the
amateur performance on Thursday night
will-be the Florodora aextet by non-pro
fessionals. , "
Several Small Stockholders
Vainly Protest Against
the Change.
One Amendment Changes the
Name Cadet to Mid
shipman.
Handball Tournament Is
Arranged by Olympic
Club.
Three, of New Warships
to Be Built in Fed
eral Yards.
Two Hundred Millions
of Preferred Stock"
Betired
'The Brixton Burglary --Opens at ; Aleazan Fun Reigns at
California,:Where James Neil! Is Playing "The Lottery
of Love," and at: Fischers and Orpheum It Is to Laugh
Jeffries and Fitzsimmons
to Come Together
To-Morrbw.
STEEL COMBINE
TO ISSUE BONDS
CLEVER PLAYERS
ARE TO CONTEST
HOUSE PASSES
THE NAVAL BILL
BOTH FIGHTERS
AWAIT MEETING
NEW BILLS AT THE CITY'S THEATERS
ASSURE AMUSEMENT FOR THE WEEK
¦ • - ..-..•¦ . : ¦¦.-.. ¦¦•¦ ...¦,¦ . ¦-.¦¦'¦.:.'.¦ . . , . ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1902.
4
$ >)
No soap in all the
world is so cheap.
No soap in all the
world is so good- — none
so lasting.
Sold all over the world.
S3 Bar Em Mar Mm mUamm moT h3 3 GL fif Jrn Mnwwm^ SB* B*%.
MmMwM9>MSsBG
Means bad air, and whether it EnGmif ft* H**S*Mh
conies frcm the low lands and J& ' # *****Jf ..mMM^nwS&nn
marshes of the country, or the "filthy sewers and drain pipes of the cities
and towns, its effect upon the human system is the same
< iC^J^ 10 ?^? P 0 *? 0113 ** breat^ed into the lungs and taken m>
by the blood, aad.the foundation. of some long, debilitating illness^ Md
Chills and fever, chronic dyspepsia, torpid and enlarged /liver kidnev
trembles, jaundice and biliousness are frequently due to tSt fo?
the life-gmng .properties of the blood, rendering it thin and watery mult
S/^% V^s t. S * ?• S ; does tWs and quickly produces an entire
V^* CO* cfa ange in the blood, reaching every organ and stimu-
kj*v\ V*^\" " n £ them to vigorous, healthy action. S. S. S.
possesses not only purifying but tonic properties,
> THfc-a^CMrx SPECIFIC CO.; Atlanta, G*.
" .¦-.'"¦ ;¦¦ ¦ " ¦ ¦ 'i|HHBB|Hm--., -.-:/•.
•••••••••••••••••••••••a*
: The Poets' Corner }
• The Host lauds it. The Clubs •
• keep it. The Cafe favors it. The •
m Dealer can't do without it and the J
• Press versifies 4t, thus: " •
• The thing that makes your heart unfold •
0 And bubble in its finest glee, *
• Is Hunter Whiskey, good and old — ¦ •
J World-famed for age and puri-tee. •
« It fills your soul with pleasant dreams, J
• With pleasant dreams of joy untold, •
J And opens up a batch of schemes •
• For laying in the red, red gold. m
• Oh, Hunter Whiskey, e'er the same, •
J You never change like Fortune's run, •
• But always honor bring, with fame, J
• To William Lanahan and Son. •
m CHRISTY* WISE OOXMISSIOW CO.. Ine_ 2
~ «3&225Cal(forniaRt^feanFmnctoco,Cal2 T
T Telephone Main «X . - , ...•
rf?V™MaMh|I*jH remedy for Gonorrhoea-
Jgjmr CURES TO Whites, unn&tnral dis*
StSsflB 1 to 6 dayi. »1 chargei, or anr inflarami.-
flrJcV Os*r»Btee4 to *" tion, irritation or ulcera-
frt \ Prereat coontioa. t ! on ct m . u C O U 8 mem-
E T ™?^ SSi Sold by »««*»«¦.
«^\ClKSKN»T1,0.Bgg or Bent In plain wrapper.
VSJa. U. 8. A. JSpi liy express, prepaid, for
<i^|jj*TI»i- ,<<yffl t!- 00 ' or 3 DOttlea, »2.T5.
Q Circular eent oa request.
DR. TALCOIT & CO.
J SPECIALISTS, DIS-
ORDERS OF MEN.
Advice and Colored
Chart of the Organs
Free at office or by
Will remove to 1140
v Market St., opposite
IMlale's, June I.
ADVEB.TXSEMEKTS.VIEW OF THE CROWD WHICH" ATTENDED DEDICATION OF THE METH
ODIST ORPHANAGE ON j NINETEENTH .(¦ STREET YESTERDAY. ' A PIC
« TURE OF. THE HOME, A TWO-STORY BUiLDI^NG, AND ITS PRESIDENT.
PUBLIC OWNEBSHIP WINS
TN A SCHOOL DEBATE
Pupils of Humboldt Evening School
Present r Brilliant Arguments
Upon the Subject.
One of the most interesting school de
bates ever held in San Francisco was lis
tened to by a large audience at the Hum
boidt E\-ening High School, Golden Gate
a\enue, near Hyde street, last night. The
Question was, "Resolved, That the United
States Government should own and con
trol its railroads, telegraph, telephone and
ocean cables." It was argued by the
Thomas Jefferson and California Junior
Debating societies of the school.
Each speaker was allowed fifteen min
utes, and the thoroughness and brilliancy
of tht speeches delighted the relatives
and friends of the debaters. An especially
masterful argument was' presented by
Koy Fellom of the affirmative. The de-
Lolers were:
Affirmative — Thomas Jefferson Society FHz
O'Shaughnessy, Roy Fellom and Paul O'Brien.
Negative — California Junior Society Flor
ence McAulifTe. Fred Cooper and Louis de Bow
The affirmative won.
T he Judges of the debate were Daniel
i<yan, Thomas O'Connor and Percival
I>aher. L. M. Shelley was chairman.
717 Market Street, Near Third.
tvery Market-street car passes the door
of the Bee Hive Shoe Company, where
the great shoe sale will begin this coming
Thursday The windows are already ex-
HlbiJng: the shoes that are going to be
sold-for $2 I*, one word to the public:
ni ff^saW - an ln looking at the 6hoes last
"Oh, pshaw; they will not sell those
shoes for that price when you go inside
It is only a catch."
The management wishes to Inform the
£F£5P^ c V ve S J ?Z buyer that there are over
pairs of these same shoes inside, and
you can have them for $2 15 a pair/ not
withstanding they are worth U, on Thurs
day, when the Manufacturers' Shoe Sale
will start at 717 Market St., near Third •
Leaves Estate to Widow.
The will of C. C. Vorrath. the brewer
who died a few days ago, was filed for
probate yesterday. He leaves his estate
with the exception of a bequest of Jiooo
to his sister, Mrs. Henrietta^ Wott to his
widow. Christiana Vorrath. The value of
the estate is not known. cw
Notice to Passengers.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery.
40* Taylor ctreet, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. »"ect ana
Anxious to. Be Sentenced.
Ray Clark and Fred Reed, two of the
bellboys who pleaded guilty to burglary
for stealing Mrs. Julius Kruttschhitt's
jewelry from her rooms in the Hotel
Richelieu, appeared; before Judge Cook
for 'sentence yesterday. The Judge said
that sentence would be postponed till the
motion for a new trial in the case of
Charles Vandeveare was disposed of
Clark rose in the dock and said he ob
jected to a continuance and wanted his
sentence at once. The Judge told Clark's
attorney that it would be better for him
to agree to ; the delay, and Clark con
sented.
Bobbed by Chance Acquaintance.
Charles Howard, 206 Dddy street, met a
man in the Oberon Sunday night who
excited his pity. He invited him to spend
the night in his room, and made a bed
for him on the lounge. When Howard
awoke yesterday morning the man had
disappeared, and so had 530 So which How
ard had in his trousers' pockets. Howard
reported the matter at police headquar
ters and gave a description of the thief
Mrs. Laura Buffing-ton, Peter Bohl, C. C. Lom
bard. H. Morton, G. T. Watterson, Rev. F. A".
Keast,. Mrs. Arthur H. Briggs, Miss Lulu
Heacock and' Rev. F. M. Larkin.
Board of .Directors — Rev. H. * B. Heacock
D.D.,' College Park, president; Rev. W. C.
Evans, D.D.,. Stockton, v^e president; Rev, E.
R. Dllle.»D.D.; Oakland, secretary; I. J. Tru
man, Call building, San«Franclsco. treasurer;
Rev. John-Kirby, director; Joseph F. Forderer
Alameda. director; C. B. Perkins, San Fran
cisco,- director.
The committees 'are as follows:
Investigating— Mrs. ; Annie E. Mclntyre, Mrs
F. M. Larkin, Rev. M. D. Buck, Mrs. I. J.
Truman Mrs. M. DeWitt, Mrs. C. B. Perkins.
House and table— Mrs. I. J. Truman, Mrs. T."
O. Lewis. Mrs John Larkey, Mrs. Augustus
Dow, Mrs . -William- Johns. Mrs..J. B. Robinson,
Mrs. William .Abbott. Mrs. Rolla V Watt
Mrs. R. Bentley, Mrs. D. Oliver. '
Mrs. F. L. Turpin, Mrs. S. R
Chamiee, Mrs. I. J. Truman, Mrs. M. DeWitt'
Mrs. *M. A. Freese, Mrs. R.. McElroy. Mrs C*
B..Perkrris,.Mrs. H. B. Heacock. ...
- Discharge— Mrs. ¦• Annie E., Mclntyre. Mrs.
T. O.- Lewis. Rev. F. M. Larkin. Mrs. C. C
Lombard. ,- • ~. .»,.
- Educational— Rev. M. t>. Buck, Rev. F M
Mi^'LuKea^oc^ Kea8t ' MrS - >.*• knox '
Tu G rp^ nd Dr.^R. UU C d namle1: * j^S&S
Auditing— Rev. M. D. Buck. Rev F M
Larkln, Rev. F. A. Keast, William Abbott
Pe^S.^S.TSnl^eVrt
R^v. ?. r -N W Be W rd? V R r e K v ht W M W-. S^
; Home finding— Rev. John Coyle, Rev W W
Case. Rev. John Kirby, Rev. W. S. Matthew"
Rev. S. G.- Gale, Mrs. Robert McElroy Mrs'
C. C. Lombard, Mrs. Robert Bentley Mrs l'
J. Truman, Mrs. C. B. Perkins. ¦¦?"'
Ministerial Meeting.
. . The. Congregational ministers held their
weekly meeting at the Y. M- C. A. build
ing yesterday morning. The address was
delivered by Walter Henry Mills. His sub
ject being "What Is Socialism?"
Pupils' Uxoibition.
The first art exhibition of the pupils of
Gottardo' F. P. Piazzonl will be opened
to-day at the atelier, 609 Sacramento
street. The exhibition will be ppen to the
public from 2 o'clock this afternoon until
Saturday next.
T. HE Methodist Orphanage at 3841
Nineteenth street, between Church]
. and Sanchez, -was dedicated 'yes-'
terday morning with appropriate
ceremony. The new- home Is a
commodious two-story structure, with an
attic, and Is sltuatedon the summit of' a
hill "commanding an excellent view of the
city and of the towns about the bay. The
Judge Cook rendered his decision yester
day in the contempt case of Chester F.
Wright, who was fined 5250, and Dexter
M. Wright, who was fined 520, for diso
beying an order of court restraining them
from Interfering with the stock In the
music store of Kochman & Wright,
Turk street. The Judge purged Chester of
contempt, but affirmed his former ruling
in regard to Dexter, who paid the fine
of $20.
Wright Contempt Case.
Adyisory Board— Bishop ' J. W.' Hamilton '
D. D., Rev.- John Klrby, Rev. S. G.' Gale Rev
W. S. Matthew, . Rev. W. C. Schmutzler, Rev'
John Coyle, Rev. -W. W. Case, Rev. M: C Har
ris, Rev. J. D. Hammond, Rev. NV G.. Nelson
Board of Managers— Mrs . D . B . Finch , Mrs . '
John . Tregloan, Mrs. T. O; Lewis, „ Mrs. M
DeWitt, Mrs. C C. Lombard.' Mrs. R. V.
Watt, ¦ Mrs . • John . Larkey, Mrs . C . B . Perkins"
Mrs. C. G. Milnes, , Mrs. L.. A. Wood, Mrs G*
/T; Watterson, Mrs. E. P. Dennett, Mrs. M. L."
Johnson, Mrs. Robert Bentley, Mrs. ;H ¦ G
Blalsdell, 'Mrs. I.' J.Truman, Mrs.' A Dow"
Mrs. M. A. Freese,' Mrs. Robert i McElroy'
Mrs. Otis Gibson, Mrs. W. H. Rouse ' Mrs P
G. Buchanan, Mrs. William Johns,- Mrs ' w' C*
Evans, Mrs. J. A. B. Wilson, Mrs/ G. Turner"
Mrs.,A.,H. Sprlng.Mrs. W; B. Cluff.-Mrs e'
Schwan, MIes E. F. Bartlett, Mrs; E. P Hew'
lett, Rev. John Stephens, Rev.- E. McClish' Rev
8. J. Carroll, F. L. Turpin, Mrs. A. W. 'Bene
dict, . Mrs. L. M. Worth, .Rev. E. B; Winning
Mrs. '.Annie E. Mclntyre, Rev. M. D H Buck'
Mrs. F. ,L. Tuniin; • Rev. W.. M. Woodward'
Rev. W. S. Matthew.. Rev. M. H. Alexander
Rev. H. F. Briggs, Mrs: H.- B. . Heacock. Mrs
Sarah Hammond, Dr. ,W..W. .Wright, H.- E
WlllianiHon, A, H. Trathen, James A. Johnson'
Mrs/ J.'.W.' Hamilton, Dr. S.RiChamlee Mrs'
Herbert F. BrlgBs, Mrs. M. C. Briggs, Mrs J*
H. Glide,' Mrs. E. Slaughter, Mrs. C.H.Holt
Mrs. F.M. Larkln,.Mrs.Ii.J. Hardy,, Rev.' J.'
N .' r Beard,' Rev. - W : > 8 .'¦ Urmy, - Rev. "F . Di : Bo
xard. Rev. A.H.jBrlggs, Mrs. S. R.'Chamlee
Mrs. J. F. Forderer, . Rev. W. C.-Gray^Mra
A . A . Knox, Rev/ A ft T . Rev. C. G .
Milnes. Rev. E." P. Dennett, Rev. A. C. Bane
Rev.i J. A.,B. 'Wilson, 'Rev., J.^-.H: N I ; Wil
liams, Mrs. A. L. Sleeper, Mrs. Willis Bledsoe,
Officers of. Joint Board — Rev. H., B. Heacock
D. -D. president; 'Rev: W. C. Evans,- D D 'Rev'
A. T. Needham, Rev. S. J. Carroll, Rev. John
Coyle, Mrs. I. J. Truman, vice presidents; Mrs
G. T. •Watterson, recording secretary; Miss
Emma J. Dornin, corresponding secretary; I J
Truman,- treasurer; | Rev. • John Coyle,* superin
tendent home-nnding department.
4 Rev.H.B; Heacock, D.D., president of
the orphanage, . had charge of the - cere
mony. Mrs. .L., R. Courneen is the'ma
tron under whose efficient care" the little
ones. are placed. . The. other. officers are:'
OFFICERS OF QRPfiANAGE.
When Dr. Case , had "finished his re
marks the guests returned to the' main
building, where on the lower floor a col
lation nad been spread for them. But
before bread- was. broken Rev. E. P. Den
nett delivered the audress of dedication.
He-spoke in an eloquent manner of the
work ; which is . being done by orphanages
incaring for homeless children. He said
that the ,time ? hau come when learned
men and experienced teachers were de
votin" their -time to the study of the child
problem, as they" have come to recognize
that trie adult is molded through the
molding: of the child. He said that," as
the institution to be dedicated- was found
ed -in:^love, it should not be called an'or
phanage, but a home, which is the name
of the* most sacred place on earth : .
- Rev. -J.: N.'; Beard onered up prayer for
the success of, the. new. orphanage.-
At the conclusion of the children's pro
gramme Rev.. W. -W. Case, .who Is a mem
ber of the advisory board, made, a short
address to the little ones' and to the as
sembieu guests. He' spoke of the great
work which is being done by the Meth
odist . cnurch In London for • the - care- of
the. homeless children, and said, he was in
'favor -of- Ihe church in this clt^ extend
ing its work- in; that -line.?.. He -said he
hoped to see the time when the Methodist
Orphanage -would shelter hundreds • or
even thousands, of parentless boys .and
girls: In closing he advised the little ones
always to be. honest and truthful.
DR.. CASE. SPEAKS.
The dedication yesterday .: morning was
witnessed by. the officers, patronesses and
friends of the worthy Institution!. The
ceremony was commenced with exercises
by the little girls and boys, who conducted
tbemseives In a manner that showed they
are profiting by. the careful training they,
are. receiving. These exercises 'were- held
in the' children's playhouse, "a substan
tially constructed buiiuing;ln the rear -of
the orphanage. The programme consisted
of hymns, in which all the children joined
their sweet voices, and in recitations by
individuals.
Institution Is surrounded by. trees, and no
more healthful location could be selected
as a home for growing children. At pres
ent there are about seventy orphans, most
of -whom -are little girls, enjoying the
shelter of the orphanage. . - ; . .
TJie reservation does not supply enough
water for its own needs, and for many
it has been found necessary to seek
aid from the Spring Valley Company. The
plan of getting a supply from Lobos
Creek has been debated frequently before,
but it has always been deemed that the
expense would be too great. It seems now
as. if the scheme would be carried out.
The military authorities at the Presidio
have decided If possible to make use of
the waters of Lobos Creek. The Spring
Valley. Company attempted to partially
supply • its reservoirs with the creek
waters some time ago, but the project
was abandoned on account of the protests
of citizens. It is claimed, however, by
the filter company, which has interested
the army authorities in the scheme, that
the i water can be purified in a satisfac
tory manner. It Is proposed to erect a
pumping plant with a daily capacity of
1,000,000 gallons,-.
Scheme for Establishment of
Big Pumping Station.
Military Authorities Approve jf
WANT WAT^R OF LOBOS
CEEEK JOE PRESIDIO
Albert Meyer, G. W. Tourney, G. Brewer,
Scott & Gilbert, Sanborn. Vail & Co.. Crow
Manufacturing Company, \V. W. Montague,
Fairbanks, Morse & Co.. Compressed Air Ma
chinery Company, Charles C. Morse & ' Co.,
Gorham Rubber Company, J. B. Jones, Sachs
Bros. & Co., Greenbaum. Weil & Michaels,
¦William Thomas, Goodyear Rubber Company,
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce, - E.
Simon, Weil Bros. & Son, Byron Jackson Ma
chinery Works, Harron, Rtckard & McCone,
TiUmann, Bendel & Co., Wilson Bros., Weln
stock, Lubfn & Co.. Indianapolis Furniture
Company, Brown & Son, Emporium. Simon &
Manasse, J. Goldman, A. G. Price, H. S.
Crocker & Ca,- General Electric Company,
Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing
Company. Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson and
Blake, Moffltt & Towne.
The following merchants and represent
atives from firms named have signified
tfcelr intention to go:
San Francisco's business men will take
advantage of the opportunity to Inspect
Tulare County which is offered by the ex
cursion which leaves this city Friday
morning, May 23, at 8 o'clock, and re
turns Sunday evening at 10 o'clock. The
idea of an excursion was originated by
the Tulare County Board of Trade. Those
who go will be shown over the county In
carriages at the different stops. Tulare
County has some 5000 acres of citrus fruit
now in bloom. It is expected that thn
excursion will be of as much benefit to
the business men of this city as to Tu
lare County.
to Take Advantage of Excur
sion on May 23.
San Francisco's Prominent Merchants
BUSINESS MEN WILL
JOURNEY TO TULASE
To-day during the noon recess the fol
lowing named prominent members of the
order will be the guests of Colonel A.
Perrier of the Uniform Rank at a din
rer: Grand Chancellor Calkins, Herman
Schaff ner. C. L. Patton, C. S. Hoffman,
C. W. Xevin. Ernest Ulman,' George Sam
uels, General McGlashan, T. J. Crowley
and Colonel Kidd.
After the Mayor had retired" the Grande
Lodge was called to order for preliminary
business, which was the conferring of the
Grand Lodge rank on about 250 past chan
cellors who had never before attended a
session of that bojtiy.
The committee on credentials then pre
sented its report, which was accepted,
end the body adjourned until this morn
ing, when the business of the convention
will be entered upon. The hours will be
from 10 o'clock to noon and from 2 to 5
o'clock.
i The Mayor acknowledged this by re
: marking that San Francisco is always
\rtady to grasp the hands of strangers and
i give them a hearty shake.
The Knights of Pythias who are to at
tend the convention of the Grand Lodge
of the domain of California met last night
to the number of about 400 in Union
faquare Hall, where they were greeted by
Mayor E. E. Schmltz, who, after being
Introduced by Grand Keeper of Records
and Seal Herman Schaff ner, delivered a
very pleasing address of welcome, tender-
Ins the Sir Knights the freedom of the
city and offering to do all in his power to
make their stay 1n this city a pleasant
one. The response on behalf of the vis
itors v."as by Grand Chancellor Calkins,
who in an eloquent address expressed the
thanks of the Pythians of California for
the cordial and generous welcome from
the chief executive of the city, and in the
course of his remarks stated that this
assemblage was but the forerunner of the
great gathering of knights and their
mends who will be here in August next.
"The advent of these loyal citizens of a
great nation," said he, "was heralded by
a shape-up this morning, and they were
not then all here. What may we expect
when nearly 150,0o0 assemble here in a few
wetks?"
Last night the officers of and delegates
to the supreme body and many members
of the local circles attended the ball given
in Odd Fellows' Hall by the Twentieth
Century Club. It proved a pleasant af
fair. -
To-day the time of the delegates will be
taken up In the discussion" of reports of
committees. To-night they will attend the
theater party.'
An amendment to the laws changing the
quorum for subordinate lodges from seven
to five was adopted.
A committee was appointed to prepare a
plan by which circles outside of Califor
nia may have representation in the su
preme body. . .
An amendment to discontinue the publi
cation of quarterly reports was defeated,
as was also one providing for a change
of meeting place from San Francisco to
other places. -»
The supreme body received and accept
ed the -Invitation of the Twentieth Cen
tury Club to partake of a lunch at noon
each day of the session, to attend a 'ball
in Odd Fellows' Hall, a theater party at
the Alcazar and a banquet in the Forest
ers* building.
The annual report of the supreme grand
chief companion was presented and re
ferred to the ¦ appropriate committee.
From this, document it appears that dur
ing her term of office 870 members were
initiated and 580 suspended and lost by
death, leaving an increase of 290. Eight
new circles were instituted and four sus
pended.'
Distribution — Companions Norton of
Oakland, Slmms of San Francisco and
Teague of Newcastle.
The report of the committee on creden
tials showed that nearly all the delegates
were present, and they were seated. It
was decided that If the absentees are not
present at roll call this morning their
places will be filled by their alternates.
There were also present four past su
preme grand officers, who are entitled to
seats.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Finance— B. M. Lowe,Hopland; A. Nich
ols, San Francisco; A. A. Kirk, Cotton
wood. ¦ v ;
• Mileage— Mrs. Senne/ J. R. Sands and
E. Harvey, all of San Francisco.
State of the order— A. Biller, Benlcia; G.
J. .Berger, San Francisco; Virginia Cer
velle, San Francisco.
Press— John r Falconer. J. A. Lopez and
G. McDonough.
The Supreme Grand Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest, Foresters of Amer
ica, met yesterday in the Foresters build
ing, The Grand Circle was opened by Su
preme Grand Chief Companion Mrs. L. G.
Miller, assisted by Mrs. A. Boehm,. sub
chief; Mrs. G. Valente, treasurer; Mrs.
Florence N. v Morrow, secretary; Kate M.
Howard, right guide; Annie Fernandez,
left guide; Jennie Berger, Inside guard;
Lizzie Scheuren, outside guard; Mrs. A.
Barr, organist, and Mrs. Hattie Jingels,
herald.
T. A. Blynn was questioned regarding
Miss McKinney's mental condition, and
testified that he had known the lady for
twelve years and that her mind had al
ways; been sound. Blynn said that he is
a pliysician, having a diploma from the
College of Fine Forces, now located in
San Jose, but formerly of Hobo ken, N.
J. The Directors looked puzzled, but the
evidence was allowed to stand, as Blynn
testified as a friend and not a physician.
Jonn B. Quigley was called to the stand
but was quickly excused when in an^w-r
to a question he replied that he had nu
children attending the John Swett School
and would rather see them in their graves
:l,an become pupils of the schools Quie
ley was interrupted at this point, and it
afterward developed that he had a griev
ance against Lyser.
Mrs. J. Mlllington, who has a son In the
John Swett School, testified that he came
home cne day and said Mr. Lyser had
stated that he did not like Miss McKin
ney and intended to "fire" her. Mrs H
Zimmerman testified that her son had
given her like information and had cried
at the thought.
School Superintendent Webster testified
that he had inquired into the charges
ajrainst the accused and found that they
v.ere not well based; but as the charges
were eworn to by Lyser, and as Miss Mc-
Kinney s mental state was in contro
versy, he deemed it best that the board
inquire into the facts. This closed the
testimony and the matter was argued by
counsel and finally submitted for decision.
WAS OF SOUND MIND.
Among those who testified In Miss Mc-
Kirr.ey's favor were Miss I* Miller, Miss
A. Griffith, Mrs. C. K. Riordan. A. L.
Mann, principal of the Denman School;
Mies- C. Hall. Miss Ball. James G. Gil
nli^:i, John J. Conlin, Deputy Superin
tendent cf Schools W. Kingsbury. W B
Howard. J. F. Donaldson. Miss N. Har-
Rra\es, Mrs. A. D. Hawley, C. T. Mitch
ell, Mrs. F. H. Fowler and B. Heffernan.
On another occasion, as testified to by
the witness, she was given' a dead fish by
Lyser with instructions to dissect it be
fore her class. She declined to do so on
the ground that such an operation would
be harmful in its effects upon the young
children. She denied that she had ever
struck any pupil on the knuckles with a
ruler, and said that until her dispute with
Miss Lrkson Lyser always spoke of her
to others in a nattering way.
A number of witnesses testified and
their evidence was favorable' to Miss Mc-
Kinney. A number of teachers and pa
rents testified that she had always been
efiicient.
The accused teacher told an interesting
story of Lyser's arbitrary conduct toward
her. At the time of President McKinley's
visit to this citv he was to review th-;
children- of the public schools. The vari
ous classes of the Swett School were told
to form preparatory to marching to the
corner oi \ an Ness avenue and Bust;
street. When Miss McKinney sought to
leave the school after a reprimand from,
Lyser she found the door locked. Mean
while the other classes were on the
march. The imprisoned class made fran
tic efforts to escape and finally succeeded
by forcing the door. When Miss MeKin-
Dey appeared at the rendezvous she re
ported to Lyser, who almost screamed,
"I'll fix you for this!"
LYSES LOCKS UP CLASS.
Miss McKinney went on to say that
Lyser always spoke well of her to every
one until she had a dispute with Miss Erk-
Bon, who taught a class below that of her
own. A nephew of Miss Erkson was in
Miss McKinney's class and the lad com
plained that he was worked too hard.
Lyser began to find fault with her and
frequently reprimanded her before the
class without, however, specifying any
thing in particular.
Miss McKinney testified that she was a
teacher of fifteen and a half years' stand
ing. She was shown the petitions for her
retention as teacher filed by her former
pupils and identified the signatures. The
petitions were circulated'aiter Lyser had
filed his charges against her.
"Are these cnarges true or false?" asked
Attorney McPike.
"Absolutely false," was the reply. "Ly
ser knows they are false." .
"In his charges," resumed McPike,
"Lyser says you have points in teaching
which are far above the average. Is that
true?"
"I must plead guilty to that," replied
the accused teacher.
Miss Mary McKinney, a teacher in the
John Swett Grammar School, who is on
trial by the Board of Education on
charges of incompetence, preferred by
Principal Lyser, took the stand in her
own defense yesterday. She declared that
Lyser's charges were baseless and
prompted by malice. She resented with
emotion his aspersions upon her character
and her description of x his treatment of
her tended to show that Lyser was a
bully, as her counsel stated. The evi
dence heard during the day was favorable
to Miss McKinney and not at all com
plimentary to Lyser. The matter was ar
gued at length and submitted to the
beard for decision.
Ball, in Odd Fellows' Hall
Proves a Pleasant
Affair.
Announcement Is Made That
150,000 Will Come Here
in Month of August. 1
Many Witnesses Declare the
Accused Teacher Is
Competent
Supreme Body, Compa
nions of Forest, in
Session.
New Orphanage on Nineteenth Street Is Opened With
Fitting Geremony— E. P. Dennett Delivers Principal
Address- : -Home Already Shelters Many Little Children
Opening of Convention
of Py thians at Union
SquaVe Hall.
Interesting Testimony in
the Trial of Miss
McKinney.
GRAND CIRCLE
HOLDS MEETING
MAYOR SCHMITZ
GREETS KNIGHTS
LYSER LOCKS
UP T HE CLASS
METHODISTS DEDICATE SUBSTANTIAL
STRUCTURE TO MISSION OF CHARITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MAY 20, 1902.
5
iBHBBBIBDBBBMBHBHBBBBSBBBUBBBHBBIBBBBIH!
HAIL TO MEN! !
¦ / Even unto old age you may feel i
jfJ the vigor of youth, with its light i
, /Mbffeh 1/ heart, elastic step, courage I
/// y^ T^ and tireless energy. You j
/ . . '^^Ppi-^<<s^ :?f^'^ 1 '^ may be free from pains and i
j^T i~'y\^-+ aches and defy your years. '
'; » MiMsk' ft \ y^T^ 'There Is a fountain of . perpetual youth, and you I
/KgS^al \ ' ;£* ' • \ have only to reach out your hand and take It You I
1 1 §3 can drink of it until your heart shouts with glad- I
• ' ness, and with all your might you will proclaim, as" !
• ¦ : ja8fflBSjSSasy|^ other men have, .
i|W "I Am a Man!" I
: //i\ Warn- ¦ /M&mL / Like .the'giants of old, you can be In your prime !
//M WBl /j^ at 60 ~~ stron S. vigorous and full of youthful enthu. ]
• Mr* hdk VWS Mr - W - L Rawnsley. Nez Perce, Ida., writes Jan 6 ] >
W liSSSk xffij 1902: " l have worn y° ur bjl t two months, and it has I
ft /MSt KW completely cured me of rheumatism from which I had
• N '/££&& WL suffered for three years. I don't know how to thank
I r/W^ fr%&2»~. y0U fOr Y, hat you have done for me> for l fe el like a i
r if ,&^>rAf!k It cures Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica Lum '
S. 1Lj1e»^'L— affiaK?- bago. Kidney and Stomach Troubles quickly ¦..
ms^—^ S^^ffimj$!&SS&* call and see it to-day, or send for free" book
¦¦"".-.. -,"". ¦ : ' n^ _ about It. I will send It sealed if you send this ad: -
Hi nnflTnU Beware of medical concerns offering "EJectrlc Belts Free." This
.AN offer Is only a trlcK to foist a package of medicines upon you I
UnUlJ.UJ.il co. D. Write to roe for an explanation of the trick- "
mm. G, McLaughlin, 90 L^^ o st " !
i-J-'i.'- ji'-j- ¦' , Offloe • Hours— 8 • a. m.- to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.
. NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS
IBBEBHBBBBBHHBBBBHBBBDBBBBaBBHBBaQBBSBaaBB
PAINE'S OEUSBY COMPOUND.
No Respecter of Rank.
Disease Lays Its Heavy Hand
on Kings, Princes, Presidents,
the Noble and
Wealthy, as Well as Those of
Low Estate.
Paine's Celery
Compound
Is the Great Restorer of Health
for the Ruler and His
Humblest Subject.
Sickness, disease and suffering respect
neither ruler nor subject.. The noted and
high born have their trials and physical
sufferings like those in humbler stations.
Social standing and wealth cannot bar the
progress of disease when the common
rules of health are violated.
Impure blood and weak nerves are re-
sponsible for many of the common dis-
eases of life. The experienced physician
will tell you that men and women with
pure, clear coursing blood and well-braced
nerves can never become victims of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, liver troubles, debility,
headaches or sleeplessness.
It follows, therefore, that sufferers from
any of the ailments referred to should at
once take proper measures to cleanse tha
blood and feed the weak nervous system
with proper nourishment.
For the happy accomplishment of thia
important work Paine's Celery Compound
is the only safe agent, the one great spe-
cific, the only security against deadly dis-
ease and death. During these sprlnjf
days Paine's Celery Compound guarantees
a perfect regularity of the bowels, healthy
appetite, sound sleep, good digestion, pure
blood, strong nerves and clear brain, all
of which mean full and robust health.
Mr. E. M. Button, ex-Mayor of Burling-
ton. Vt., one of the strongest and hearti-
est advocates of Paine's Celery Compound
in the United States, tells us in the fol-
lowing letter how he keeps well under all
circumstances. He says:
"People have often asked me how 1
managed to keep so well, for, although
out in nearly all kinds of weather and
traveling considerably, I have no ache3
or sickness. My one answer has been that
instead of waiting until I am sick in bed
and forced to stop work for awhije, when-
ever I feel out of sorts the least bit, I
take Paine's Celery Compound, which
keeps me well and strong. It Is a great
deal better in my opinion to take a medi-
cine that keeps one well rather than to
wait for sickness, and then hunt around
for a medicine or a doctor to cure the
sickness. I have been a hearty advocaze
of Paine's Celery Compound since It was
first made, a great many years ago, and
have yet to hear of a case in which it
falls to fulfill Its promises."
DIAMOND DY E Can't be equaled.
Never crock. Beware of impure Imitation*.
Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap
Keeps Lady and Baby
Sweet as Roses.
Makes the skin soft as velvet. Improves
any complexion, keeps the skin free from
pimples, wrinkles and all facial blemishes.
Keep your digestion and blood in good or-
der by using Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure. It
makes good, rich blood, enables you to eat
what you like and all you like. Cures diz-
ziness, constipation and all ' stomach
troubles. , . ¦¦
He Can't Aff opd to
Lose Time
In coming to the U. S. Laundry If a man
wants his colored shirts laundered with-
out fading or his linen kept in first class
condition. Fine laundry work is an art
that we are masters of, and we make
your linen look like new In Its beauty of
color and. artistic finish.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSTf.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
IPgsspia RUPTURE j
H •TjSgP/ffiy' — .Nothing like it. Comfort & jq
I /Bv* security! A Perfect Retainer. fl|
H jnk Ajfc do«s tho workl *y Call or JnH
\S> /Jw\ w rite/M£rrfor"BOOKinxo.l« M fiH|
Address: MdonctlcB.Trsss Co^ £?isJ4
206 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal. #3$
or 33 W. 24th St., New York. Mention ttl» Piper CBfl
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
Jr «/n CAtf * Til ' ¦ 9°° Battery Street,
• t- n lLjUrl <X W J-. Telephone Main IStit.
FRESH AJCD SALT MEATS,
lie DAVCC It ri\ Shipping Butchers, 101
J A J- BU I tb tt tU Clay. Tel. Main ISM.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONAHD & ELLIS,
418 Front »t., a F. Phone Main 1719.
. PRINT INd.
C C HTTHHEC •'-"¦'¦•¦ PRINTER..
S» t- fllUnCJ. en Sansome »t.. ¦. V,
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE MCKS-JUDD CO.,;
23 First street, Saa Francisco,
San Francisco. Tuesday, 20 May, 1902.
: •^^P 1 " 3 *'" I."*'.'
Child's iron crib, $8.50. V .
Iron crib, enameled pure white, with: a polished brass .;
ball on each corner post. Fitted with woven wire mattress
and drop sides. Measures 58 inches long, '29; inches wide, |
42 inches high at head and 37 inches at foot. Price, $8.50.-
Baby jumpers — easily, moved about from room to room;
also used as a rocking chair, $4.00. Sure to amuse baby
and keep} her good natured. , /. ! . '
Neatly finished high chairs for children, $1.50 and
l$i.J5 — with adjustable tray. ; /!..<- * I .
Child's walking chairs— to assist baby ; in learning to
walk.- On good casters and neatly finished, $3.00. .'
(Successors to California Furniture, Co.) i \
957 to 977 Market Street^ Opp/ Golden Gate; Avenue. ;';TUESDAY .MAY 20, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor^^
Atlntt All CcmmcBirtticu to W. S. LEAKE, Xastgtr.
"~TELEPHOBTE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... BInrlcet and Third. 9. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
CteltTcred hy Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Sinsrle Copies. R Cent*. . ¦ .
Term" '»r Mittl. Including Postages
DAILY CALL flncludlnR Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 1.00
PAILT CALL {including Sunday), 3 months.... 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year .: 1.80
WEEKLY CALL. On« Yew .- 1.00
All poatmactem are authorised to receive
subscription*:
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mali subscribers in ordering change of I address cheuid be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tcrore m. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OiKLAKD OFFICE 11 IS OroadWay
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. '
Yeeicer Fcrtign Adrertiging, H»rqntUe Building, Chicago.
(Lone Pittance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAHLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPHEX U. SMITH 3O Tribune Bulldlns
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent ano. ' 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (TO. C.) OFFICE. . . .140G O St.. "If. W.
WOKTO.V E. CHAXB, Correspondent. -
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hcaee: F. O. News Co.; Greet Northern Hotel;
Fwmoi.t House; Auditorium HoteL
BRABTCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tt&tll 8:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 0:30 o'clock. 619 Larkln, open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 MlEslcn, open untU 10 o'clock. 22S1
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1093 Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
uctll 9 o'clock. 2200 Filimore. cpen until 9 p. m. '
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in flre-etched- boxes "or Jap bask
ets. • A nice present for Eastern friends
£29 -Market st;r Palace" Hotel building. ? '
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator
Best Liver Medicine, Vegetable Cure for Liver Ills
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.*
j Chinese rebels are again active, and reports show
that they are doing much damage. • This appears to
t>e one of those situations where *the rest of the
world wins whoever may lose .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone l Main 1042. ••
Recent reports' from the Philippines show that the
Filipinos are resorting to most atrocious cruelty land
barbarity in their : conduct : of ; the w?r. . .It s might be
.wise for the investigators at- Washington to" inquire
if the. Filipinos are masters or students in this devil's
art .'-¦,- '¦¦-.¦:''':: ¦.¦• .'.''
A powder. Cures hot, swollen, smarting, -aching
sweating feet and Ingrowing nails: kills sting of
Corns and Bunions. 80,000 testimonials. All drug
and shoe stores sell It. 25c. Ask to-day. Sample
mailed Free. Allen S.* Olmsted, Le Roy N Y
Use Allen's Foot-Ease,
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
It might not be amiss for people interested in scien
tific inquiries who are going to tell us what were the
causes of the cataclysm of Martinique to learn first
if William Jennings Bryan was in the neighborhood.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
The Northern Pacific Railway is the beat
cheapest and^ quickest r route. From Lewiston
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails into this district are most accessible
For. rates, etc., address T. K. STATELER
Q. A.. 647 Market St.. S. P. *
PP Going to Thunder Mountain P?
Mercantile Statistics. to Be Collected
A circular was received yesterday by
Customs Collector Strattpn from the Sec
retary .of the Treasury informing •him of
a .«f < V enl ;* act °f Congress designed to fa
f, irltat 5.», the work of tne bureau of statis
tics. The.act provides that the Collectors
must be furnished, with manifests of aU
merchandise, gold and silver shipped from
pcrts of the United States to the island
Territories and - Alaska. Statistics mu«.t
be furnished also of inter-laS^radTor
trade from a non-contiguous Territory to
the mainland of the United States
NEW YORK, May. 19.— The following
Calif ornians are in! New York: From San
Francisco— S. Kahn and wife and A. R.
Jacobs, at the Imperial; Dr. E. Rlxford
and wife and- C. F. Hun and wife, at the
Manhattan; J. Bloomingdale, at the Vic
toria; D. Duffy and wife, at the Metropoli
tan;-Miss A. Holbrook, at the Rossmore;
J. B. Levison, Mrs. F. Moffatt and C. B.
Wingate and wife, at the Holland; ll Mc-
Crevy, at the Albemarle; B. T. McLean,
at the Earlington; F. H. Porter and wife,
at the Astbr; Mrs. E. 'Andrews and E. Ray
and, wife, at the Ashland. • .
'From Los Angelesj-M. Smith and wife,
at the Imperial; W. A. Smith, at the Al
bert; J. Cooper and B: Scott, at the Grand
Union; I. Daeff, at the MarlboroTigh; and
A. M. Harderibergh, at the" Cadillac.
IFrom San Jose— P. Masson, a% the Hoff
man, j , ¦ '.;.,..
From Santa Cruz— H. Robertson, at the
Marlborough.- •_ • - . , ' ' i 1 -'*;
Calif orniins in - New York.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— The fol
lowing", Calif ornlans are registered at the
hotels here: At the Ebbltt— F. Van Vleck
of San T Francisco. At the Raleigh-S. S
Bard, J. S. Chapman and F. S. Chapman
of Los Angeles; ;Mrs.. Selden L. Wrieht
and H. M. Liechtenstein and wife of f"
Francisco. At the Willard-Robert Rob
ertson of Santa Cruz and Mrs. H. H. Sin-
Calif qrnians in ¦ "Washington.
The ' issue affects much more than the question of
raising a revenue. Great Britain is rich, and should
the people reject. the proposed bread tax it will not
be difficult for the Government to find some other
means of getting money. It happens, however, that
the- duty on grain was expected to do much more
than provide a revenue for immediate uses. It was
looked upon as a first step toward the establishment
of a preferential system of trade between trie mother
country and the colonies, and was expected to be an
important factor in the problems which are to be
discussed at the coming conference of colonial Pre
miers with the Mmistry immediately after" the coro-
Should Parliament and the country .support,, the
The importance of the election depends upon the
fact that it is the first test of a popular vote upon the
proposition of the Ministry to impose a so-called
"bread tax" by levying duties upon the importation
of grain. That question was made 'the issue between
the contending parties, and the results seem to show
that the workingmen of the towns and cities will r ¦
support the tax. It is a notice to Salisbury that
considerable portion of the public who voted tor
Conservative candidates on the war issue will vote
against them on the new one that has arisen.
a N election which had' it occurred a year : ago
/\ would hardly have been notted outside the"'
-^*- election district has given the British Minis
try a shock and may have a profound effect upon the
empire. It was held in Bury for^the purpose of
electing a -member of Parliament. Bury has been
looked upon as a safe district for the Conservatives.
At the last preceding election it gave the Conserva
tive candidate a majority of 849, but this year it gave
the Liberal a majority of 414. It is hardly more than
a. straw vote, of course, but it is significant ofTa*
change of political sentiment in that district at any
rate, 'and may imply a change throughout the king
dom. . • "->''¦ ¦
IMPERIAL FEDERATION.
An Oakland man has found a ground for divorce
which seems qualified to sweep everything before it
in irresistible triumph. He says his wife positively
refuses to come to California with him. This ought
to be a matter to justify, the intercession of the State
Board of Trade.
Here, we perceive, is the beginning, of more trou
ble and lots of it. We had: an. experience in partner
! ship with Germany and Great Britain in the control
of. the Samoan Islands, and the experience was not
of a kind to make us -look forward with any pleasure
to a repetition of it. After meddling and muddling
'with one another for years in Samoa and coming
close to actual war "at one time the three parties
agreed to divide the islands and go out of the part
nership . business. '. Perhaps we are to have similar
troubles . with the Sulu easement. Our. one consola
tion in the matter is that it : - was found possible to
settle the Samoan difficulty by making " the natives
pay all the costs- of all thepowers. : We may be able
to do the same in this case. There is a little trouble
ahead for the Kaiser and Uncle Sam, and a good deal
of it for the Sultan, of Sulu. : •
, The claim of .our great and good friend is that 5
prior to our war. with Spain there was obtained from
Spain, a grant ""creating a perpetual easement in Sulu
in favor of Germany, Great. Britain and other pow
ers," which easement, the note goes on to say, "is a
servitude upon the Sulu' archipelago, which dimin
ishes the fee. thereof and remains attached thereto."
The note concludes by saying: "If the rights secured
to Germany and Great; Britain and the others_powers
by the protocols are not vested by a grant, then they
are rights derived from the contract between the re
spective sovereignties of Spain, Germany and Great
Britain,- which contract was in force at the time the
United States acquired. sovereignty o\er the archipel
ago, and the obligations of the contract, incumbent
on Spain, passed to and became binding upon the
United States."
GERMANY, through her Embassador at
Washington,' has given notice to the. Secre
tary of State that, she claims : certain rights
and powers in the Sulu archipelago and cannot rec
ognize our sovereignty there. ' It is a nice friendly
little communication and is not calculated to disturb
the pleasant relations occasioned < by the visit of
Prince Henry and the Kaiser's kind .offer to .present
the United . States with a statue of Frederick the
Great. Very courteously and very fraternally, ' but
nevertheless very firmly, Germany says we must go
slow in Sulu. • '' ¦'""
TROUBLE IN SULU.
Answering a Query as to the origin of the
telegrapher's "O. K.," the San Francisco Call
credits it to John Jacob Astor, which is errone
ous, for he got it from ' the chief of the Sac
and Fox Indians, Old Keokuk, ,ln this wise.
Back in the 40' s when the old Morse American
Telegraph Company was .slowly- building' its
main line to the westward, a treaty was made
with the chiefs of the Sac, Fox and Potta
watomie tribes of India'ns who occupied a
large portion of the new State of Iowa. Among
the Sac and Fox chiefs, Black Hawk had
ranked highest until after the Black Hawk
war, when the chiefs Old Keokuk and Young
Keokuk were recognized as the leading chiefs
by both the State and the national govern
ments. Oftl Keokuk, on behalf of the Sacs
and Foxes, signed, the -various documents
•;C\K." The legality of some of : : these docu
ments was questioned by some of- the follow
ers of the deposed Black Hawk, who an
swered in utter brokenness of spirit: "No^
many, moons' a go no land could "have 'gone
.without the name of Black' Hawk, but now
everything is 'O.K., O.K.'.". This saying of
the famous chief was transmitted over the
wires and caught up by the telegraphers as'
a general answer that everything connected
with a telegram had been officially performed,
that, in the words of "Black Hawk, "every
thing was 'O.K.* " The telegraphers not only,
officially adopted Old Keokuk's initials, but
they also called their superiors "chiefs," as
"day chief," "wire chief," etc. If The Call
will look over the "Life of Black Hawk" - It
will find our statement -verified. ' .
THE ABBREVIATION O. K.—in a re
cent issue of The Call there was published
in this department in answer to a ques
tion by a . correspondent as to
the origin of the abbreviation' O.
K. for "all correct" or "all right"
which was taken from a number of stand
ard books on the origin of words and
sentences. J. S. Bartholomew, editor of
the Bodega Occidental, gives the follow
ing as the origin of the abbreviation, and
it is reproduced for what It is worth as
a matter of history. Historians do not
always agree: •
Even nature in her dreadful moods of devastating
anger is not to be outdone by the fiery denizens of
the islands which she has afflicted. With volcanoes
belching hell, the people of Porto Rico, Jamaica an-d
Hayti are- rioting and sending one another to that
bourne where revolutions are impossible.
"What do yez want of the mistress of
the house?" demanded Norah, belliger
ently blocking the door.
"I want to get her subscription for the
blue book," replied the solicitor.
"An' fwhat is a bluebook?"
"It's a book containing- the names of
people who move In society." '
"I'll take wan mesilf," said Norah. af
ter a moment's reflection. "If yez'll have
it bound in grane."— Washington Star.*
When a new family of kittens i-ad dis
appeared very mysteriously, Bessie was
greatly grieved for the mother cat and
was heard to say: ¦»
"Where are yottr kittens. Mother Mal
ties?"
"Just then Maltie walked off, with her
tall In the air, and Bessie, raising her
hand, looking up, exclaimed:
"She points to heaven!"— Yonkers
Statesman.
Mrs. C. C. Probert and Mrs. Walter Mc-
Ginn left Sunday, May 18, for London,
England, to witness the. coronation. They
will be gone about seven months.
' Miss Gertrude Jack of San Luis Oblspo
is entertaining Miss Edith Norcross.
Miss Virginia Foltz left yesterday for
Chicago to accept a musical engagemeut
with the Carlton Company.
Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss Georgle Lacey, Mrs.
lJundbure. Mrs. Peter Allen, Miss Blanche
Sharon, Miss Florence Hush, Miss Gertrude Al
len and Miss Carmen Moore. '¦ ¦' Among' those
present were Miss Knowles, Miss Florence
Edoff, Mrs. Minor Goodall, Miss lone Fore,
Miss Katherine Chabot, Miss- Emma Green
wood, Miss Edith Selby, Miss MoElrath, Mrs.
George Hammer. Miss Chesebrough, Miss Jean
Howard' and Miss Sue de Fremery.
Mrs. O. Gowing gave an informal tea
last week complimentary to Mrs. Frank
Richardson Wells.- Those who assisted
Mrs. Gowing were: . •
• • • •
Mrs. Frank Richardson Wells wa3 guest
of honor at a luncheon given by Miss
Eleanor Davenport a few days ago. The
guests, were: Miss Delia Mills, Miss Ber
nlce Drown, Miss Charlotte Ellin wood.
Miss Pierce, Mrs. Hush and 1 Mrs. Tom
Magee.
The Informal hop given last evening by
the Presidio officers was not largely at
tended, owing to the lateness of the sea
son. , The guests represented army and
navy circles almost entirely. The affair
was delightful, however, as these heps
always are. Captain Johnston, Dr. C. C.
Collins and Lieutenant Brower conducted
the arrangements with their usual skill.
The meeting of the Daughters of Cali
fornia Pioneers at . Pioneer Hall yester
day afternoon was a particularly inter
esting session. An excellent programme
preceded the reception, a feature of which
was Mrs. Emeline M. North's discourse
upon "The Land of the Midnight Sun,"
including interesting observations made
during her travels through Russia and
Norway. She also had upon exhibition an
extensive collection of jewelry and other
curios worn by the natives of those coun
tries. Mrs. Marriner Campbell arranged
the musical programme, supplying Nor
wegian music, excellently rendered by
Miss Edith Norman Klock and Mrs.
Louise Wright McClure, accompanied by
Mrs. W. J. Batchelder. During the infor
mal reception which followed refresh
ments were served.
Another method is first to wash with
castile soap and. water. with a brush;
then with a solution of oxalic add. In this
the hat should be treated by the warm
iron process.
TO CLEAN PANAMA HATS—Sub
scriber, City. The Western Druggist rec
ommends the following as the proper
method for cleaning Panama straw hats:
'.'Solution No. 1 — Sodium hyposulphate, G.
10; glycerin,' G. 5; alcohol, G. 10; water,
G. 75. Solution No. 2— Citric acid, G. 2;
alcohol, G. 10; water, G. 90. First sponge
the straw hat with solution No. 1 and lay
aside in a moist room (a cellar, for in
stance) for twenty-four hours. Then ap
ply solution No. 2 and treat in same man
ner as before. Finally the -hat should be
gone over with a flatiron not too hot. If
very dirty the hat must be ctearied with
some detergent before beginning the
bleaching process."
SAUCELITO— E. C. M., Eastyard (Rich
mond), Cal. Saucelito is Spanish for little
willow. Americans have spelled the word
Sausalito and Saucalito, but neither is
right.:
DAUGHTERS OF
PIONEERS ARE
ENTERTAINED
With the defeat of Mackenzie there is not now a
single boss in the Gage camp who has not been repu
<£ated by the people of the community in which he
does politics. Billy Herrin has done his utmost and
the scheme has failed. Perhaps Mackenzie might have
won if Gage had not "butted in." That, however, is
but a matter of speculation. The important thing is
that another boss machine has been wrecked by an
aroused people. Another Gage scheme has been baf
fled. Honest politics has Had another triumph. San
Jose this morning receives the congratulations of all
California. " v
He did not act unwisely in choosing the city elec
tion in San Jose as the scene of the strategic contest.
The county of Santa Clara has been looked upon as
one of his strongholds, and San Jose, the county seat,
was supposed to be under the domination of his gang.
Boss Mackenzie, to whom he intrusted the fight and
whom he appointed Harbor Commissioner, is one of
the ablest and of late has been the most successful of
his lieutenants. Kelly, Burns, Crimmins, Lynch and
Burke arc discredited by repeated defeats in San
Francisco. Mackenzie had hitherto won out. He is
ir command of a strong machine that has been or
ganized for years, and when backed by the railroads
and the Governor it was believed it would be invin
cible. Gage therefore did the best he could for his
bad and failing cause in choosing the San Jose elec
tion as the opportunity for making an Austerlitz. It
has turned out to be a Waterloo. C , : <-K'i
When all things are taken into consideration it is
not strange that Gage should have rushed to the front
and raised his banner in the San Jose fight. The poli
tics of the State had so shaped itself that it was abso
lutely necessary for him to do something. His an
nouncement of himself as a candidate for renomina
tion had been met by a storm of protest from Repub
licans in all parts of the State. The most influential
of Republican journals' from north to south frankly
and emphatically declared against him and plainly
pointed out that his renomination would seriously im
peril the whole ticket. . The rank and file of the party
indorsed the declarations of the press. At the conven
tion of Republican League Clubs his candidacy
found no' support except from the henchmen who
went there to support it. His mean sneer at other
candidates for the Governorship reacted against him
self. His bosses were everywhere repudiated. His
scheme to have delegates to the State convention ap
pointed instead of being elected by the people was
universally condemned. He had therefore nothing to
lose and everything to hope for by entering a fight
which promised results he might claim as a victory
for his henchmen and an indorsement of himself. "
It will not be necessary for any one to carry the
news of the victory to Gage or to Billy Herrin. They
heard it promptly. In fact, it was to them that San
Jose spoke. They intruded themselves into a local
campaign for the purpose of winning a fight that
would encourage their henchmen. When they did so
they thought they had a sure thing and that they
were running no risks. They counted on something
like a walkover, and were ready to exult over it as a
proof that the voters desire the renomination of
Gage and are ready to support his allies.
SAN. JOSE has spoken. Her people have de
clared themselves 6n the side of honest politics.
The bosses and their henchmen have been
routed. It may be that one or two excellent men on
the boss ticket who were given nominations to
strengthen the gang may have won out on the score
of personal popularity, but even if there be such the
reports show that their success will have been attained
by but slight majorities. At every point of the con
test where it was a plain issue between the bosses and
the people, the people have won.
THE VOICE OP SAN JOSE.
The cattle-growers show no sympathy with the
beef trust, but they declare that the rise in the price
of cattle on the hoof is legitimate and the trust
has nothing to do with it, but, on the other hand,
would' be glad to prevent it. If the counter boy
cott be established it will present a very, interesting
economic condition.
The boycott on _ beef -is affecting the cattle
growers, and will ultimately bring down the price
on the hoof. They are expressing themselves rather
plainly on the subject. They are buyers of articles of
Eastern manufacture, said to be controlled by trusts,
but the product of the labor Which is boycotting their
beef. The prices of. these manufactured articles have
advanced more than the 30" per cent rise the farmers
get on the cattle. Wages have, advanced because
farmers pay the increased' price for what labor pro
duces. In this situation -it; isi seriously proposed to
boycott Eastern manufactures". If people can ¦ ab
stain from beef, there may be abstention from other
things, which will finally reach back to wages.
THE rise in the price^of' beef oa^ the block, for
which thejaeef tiust is held responsible, is pro-,
ducing some interesting results. : The rise is
50 per cent, and the. press has induced such' a^boy
cott as to.materially. reduce consumption. 'But
while the, rise on the-block waV large, the rise on the'
hoof was significant ; for the Western cattle-growers."
Comparing prices on the hoof for 1895 and 1902 the
rise on the hoof is" 30 per cent, so that the cattle
grower is getting more out of the rise to" the "con- ;
sumer than - the beef trust or the retailer. The
Drovers' Yearbook shows a decline in the cattle
supply from Texas and the Western ranges of 61 per
cent between 1895 and 1901. With only 39 per cent,
of that supply left it is evident that the 'demand has
been met by farm-raised cattle in the region east of
the Missouri River. Their production is more costly
than on the ranges, which will account for the rise'
of 30 per cent in their price on the ho.of.
THE MEA.T BOYCOTT.
Mr. Longyear intended to beautify extensively the lake
front about his house, and he did not relish the idea of tracks
crossing his grounds. Two other routes were suggested, but
were refused consideration, v
With the railroad company it was a case of the lake front
A little more than a year ago it was announced that the
Marquette and Southeastern Railroad -was to be built and that
the proposed route would take the line along the front of the
Longyear home. The millionaire at once entered a protest.
Mr. Longyear gives as his reasons for removal .from Mar
quette the need for better educational advantages for his
children and the railroad which is to run near his house.
Mr. Longyear is reputed to be one of; the richest men in
the upper peninsula of Michigan. About twelve years ago he
erected thebig mansion on the lake front at Marquette. He
surrounded it with a stone wall, beautified the grounds and
fitted the house at a vast expenditure. The house JS con
structed of native sandstone and is very elaborately finished,
containing many costly v/orks of art brought from Europe.
: It. will require a special train of fifty, cars to move the
mansion. : It will be taken apart, piece by piece, loaded or
cars, and set up without' alteration on a site which will be
chosen by Mrs. Longyear when she returns from Europe.;
Of course, to build a new mansion would be. a great
deal cheaper, but In a matter of sentiment money is naturally
no object to the modern millionaire. And Mr. Longyear is a
modern, millionaire! .-¦•¦•¦ • ¦=¦-¦ . .
BECAUSE he objects to having a railroad around his
premises, John M. Longyear will move his half-million
dollar. mansion 1 fron- Marquette, Mich., to Brookline,
Boston's famous suburb, says the New York World.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
As he pursued the vocation of a "land looker" the great
possibilities of that sparsely settled country gradually dawned
upon the young man and he set about to take advantage of
them. He succeeded in interesting capital, including' the Ayers
of Philadelphia, it is said, and In that manner eventually be
came the owner of many thousands of acres of land, until
now he is said to be the largest holder of lands in the State.
In selecting the various tracts Mr. Longyear did so with an
eye to their timber and mineral value, and his Judgment
proved sound. The pine and other timbered lands have re
turned him hundreds of thousands of dollars, while on land-t
owned by him the great Norris mine, the Ashland, the Aurora
and other iron properties have been opened and developed and
have yielded him great sums in royalties. .
Mr. Longyear served as Mayor of Marquette in 1S9O-91. and
is a member of the board of control of the Michigan College of
Mines at Houghton, in the copper country.
John M. Longyear was born fifty years ago at Lansing.
Mich. At the age of 15 he wag a clerk iri the Lansing Post
office at a salary of $20 a montn. Later he was employed at a
wood-working establishment and scaled lumber in the Saglnaw
Valley, in 1872 going in the woods as a "land looker."
The next year he went to the upper peninsula of Michigan,
whose resources at that time were little realized.
route or nothing, and the Council saw nothing for it but to
grant the franchise. The millionaire thereupon secured an in
junction, and condemnation proceedings! were instituted. After
a vigorous fight in the courts the right of way was condemned
and Mr. Longyear was awarded but 12551 as damages, the con
tention beins that the land was actually benefited. The re
straining order- was dissolved and the company started con
struction.
MANSION OF JOHN M. LONGYEAR. A MICHIGAN MILLIONAIRE. WHICH IS SOON TO BE TAKEN APART AND
. TRANSPORTED IN SECTIONS V ROM ITS LOCATION ON THE LAKE FRONT TO MASSACHUSETTS, WHERE:
. IT WILL BE SET UP WITHOUT ALTERATIONS. , .'
In his recent speech before the Primrose League
Lord Salisbury boasted he had not "receded, an
inch,", but, he would have been more accurate had he
said. he had not advanced an inch. He has not only
learned nothing from the war, but he has riot even
learned that he ought to ;.have learned something.
We don't expect to compete for jerked beef, and
the argument addressed to our domestic beef interest
is just as illusive as that to the cotton interest. Of
course both were expected to antagonize American
sugar planters for the sake of some advantage to
themselves. . . ¦ .
Our Minister to Argentina in a report says: '"I
am free to say that the cheap livestock from which
tajaso is made can be more advantageously .pur
chased in Argentina than in the United States. Be
sides, I dc not think it. will be very easy to dislodge
tajaso from any tropical market, since it is the only
cheap form in which beef can be kept in that cli
mate for any length of time. It is therefore a trade
that I believe will increase rather than decrease in
Cuba and other tropical islands."
With very great address and cunning the Cuban
junta has arranged its case to appeal to. special and
powerful interests. Place's exaggeration of Cuba's
trade Uri cotton goods was for the purpose of enlist
ing the cotton planters and manufacturers. The
junta has also tried to lure the livestock interests of
this country into alliance by holding out the expecta
tion of a large beef export to the island. No reduc
tion in duty will benefit our fresh beef export, for
the reason that Cubans use "tajaso," or jerked beef,
the only form in which the meat keeps any length of
time in . that climate.
It is hardly possible for Congress or any commit
tee thereof to take fiom other duties the time re
quired for such examination. The statements already,
before the Ways and Means Committee of the House
and the Finance Committee of the Senate are so con
flicting as to make it impossible for Congress to. 1
analyze them and extract the exact facts from such
a mass. Before Congress acts it should have these
facts, or it will b,e in danger of taking a false step, the
retreat from which will be difficult and perhaps hu
miliating. \
He also said that Cuba's import of cotton goods
was $67,ooo/xx>, whereas the statistics show that it
was only $7,000,000 from all countries.
In 1891, under reciprocity, we took from Cuba in
imports $61,073,621, -and she took from us $24,157,
698. In 1901 we imported from Cuba $46,663,511, and
exported to her $28,561,140, or four millions more
than in the best year of reciprocity.
These figures expose the sy*cm of exaggeration
and misstatement by which free trade is being urged.
They show, that a mistake will be made if that policy
is adopted as a result of such arguments. It is.cvi
dent that the policy of the Washington reciprocity
convention was wise, not only in stating the princi
ple upon which reciprocity should rest, but also in
demanding 'an impartial and expert examination of
the whole subject before anything is done.
In the hearings before the Ways and Means Com
mittee of the House during this session Mr. Place,
the Cuban representative, said that the island im
ported from the United States, in the period of
1891-94, during reciprocity, from $35,000,000 " to
$40,000,000 in machinery. Our Treasury Bureau* of
Statistics shows that during that* period we exported
to Cuba enly $7,649,752 in machinery, and in steam
engines and their parts only $2,655,788, making a
total of only $10,325,540, or one-fourth of Place's
figures!
Last November the representatives of every
American industry met in .Washington to consider
the question- of-reciprocity on the lines of President
McKinley's Buffalo speech, the last and among. the
greatest , of his public utterances. That convention
expressed its purpose and conclusion by- resolving:
''That this convention recommends to Congress the_
maintenance of the principle of protection for the
home market, and to open up by reciprocity oppor
tunities for increased foreign trade by* special, modifi
cations of the tariff; in special cases, but only when
it can be done without injury to any of our home
interests, of manufacturing, commerce or farming.".
To ascertain what modifications might be made with
benefit and without injury the convention recom
mended a tariff commission of experts to report upon
such modifications.
THE proposition to favor Cuban commerce by
free trade or a modification of our tariff upon
competing products is more profoundly affect
ing our. domestic politics than . any other question
now in focus. Throughout the discussion of this
policy it- has been the aim oP The Call to furfcjsh
the exact facts, to the end that the people may ao
whatever is finally done with their eyes op*en. From
the Cuban side v the desired legislation has been
urged by concealing or exaggerating the facts.
CUBAN TRADE.
It is not strange that the British people should at
this juncture conclude that the colonials ought to
undertake a part' of the defense of the empire with
out asking special ; favors in return. Neither; Canada
rior Australia maintains a navy nor an army. They
look.to Great Britain to prptect them in case of war.
The British taxpayer thus finds himself burdened with
heavy taxes to protect colonies that pay little or
nothing tc? protect: themselves. The estimate for
the royal navy for. the ensuing year is about $170,
000,000. The navy protects the sea-\>orne "commerce
of the colonies as wejl as that of the home, country,
and yet the British taxpayer pays for it ail. It is not
surprising. the British workingmen object to bear
bread taxes for such a purpose. The Bury election
evidently^ means that the colonials are asking . too
much. ' ; '¦'-¦'. T •' • ? '
tax on imported grain the Ministry would be able to
say to the' colonials:- "Assist us in providing for the
maintenance of 'the' empire "by .bearing' a share in -the
support of the army and the navy, and in return we
will give you in our home markets a freedom' of trade'
denied to foreign powers." To large wheat export
ing countries like Australia and Canada such an of
fer wolild have been valuable, and it is possible it
might have been accepted. An offer of the Ministry,
however, is worth nothing unless the people are be
hind it, snd consequently the result of the Bury
election is quite' an important factor in the imperial
problem. It seems tq. imply that when the Ministers
ask the colonial Premiers to bear a portion of the
burdens of the empire they will have nothing of
value to offer in exchange. - -
THE. SAN. FEANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1902.
FROM MARQUETTE TO BOSTON FIFTY
CARS WILL CARRY MODERN PALACE
6
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOIK FOR THE SUMMER
eidreiiei hr notifying; The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on male at all summer
resorta and Is represented uy a l«cal «fent in
all toTrim on the coast.
Call •ubiicrlbern eontemplsttinsr * dinner* «t
rcfldmcr darlnx tlie summer month* can k?re
tkeir paper (orwnrded by- mall to their new
JKUTSCHINSkii
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
k .: THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
S EmE*3^94iIsbbb^^£b7?wS^^£^ 3^V JCh /^t kJ
I Store Crowded All Day. I
y Yesterday our customers were out Ij
¦ • in force. Every one wanted one of- H
M those bargains we are offering, and if
| we could hardly wait on the trade, fj
H We are going to make special in- f|
I ducementa every, day this week, so I
J be sure and watch our ads. in the ||
jfl dally papers. Special— Ladies' vlcl H
H kid three and one strap sandals, Q
M plain coin toes and turned soles. El
a REDUCED TO 85 c; sizes 3 to 8. f
I widths A to E. i H
| SPECIAI* FOB iLADiES-Slzes H
n 7 to 8, widths C to EE; button I
H and lace shoes, kid or cloth tops [I
H worth from $1.50 to J2.5O; sold spe- 11
| clalfor O5 C I
a MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S I
M cloth top lace and button shoes, n
m coin toes and tips and spring M
M heels; widths A to E, sizes 8% to fi
H 2; the price only.........'....... J)3 C H
|1 We do not guarantee to fill coun- I]
a try orders on Sale Shoes. L;3
I! [ HIGH-CUT I
\ - • • -' 1 UAH VAu . . H
I Ladles' extra high-cut canvas I
tace shoes (10 inches high), circular |J
vamps and heel foxing, coin toes H
and tips; reduced to SI. 95 a pal r "» n
sizes 2% to 8, widths B to E. |
RUSSET SHOES FOR MEN; lat- I
est styles of men's tan shoes, in I
lace and congress, coin or square |
¦ toes and tips and hand-sewed welt- I
ed soles, worth from J3.«O to $5.00; {
. sold this week at ft 1.65 A PAIR; I
sizes 6 to 10, widths A to E. I
New Illustrated catalogue Just I
out. Send for one. II
Country orders solicited. H
I B. KATSCHINSKI, I
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. |
| »O THIRD STREET, , ~ |
P San Francisco. •; gTWO FAST BRITISH SHIPS WHICH ARRIVED FROM THE ORIENT WITH
IN THE 1 PAST FEW DAYS. MAKING RUNS ACROSS THE PACIFIC IN
STEAMSHIP TIME. ESTABLISHING RECORDS FOR WINDJAMMERS.
" ' -X '.¦¦';'•' "-'¦¦. "- ' ~ ¦¦¦ .' .X - ' • * ' ¦ ' ¦ » ¦
Takes B|ansl^iee;jarid i^0^^^^^^^^f0^^^^^^
mission Merchants for the Benefit of the Sufferers
• Through Devastation Wrought by Recent
NEWPORT SAILS FOR SOUTH AMERICA
WITH RELIEF FOR GUATEMALA'S POOR
TUESDAY. MAY 20.
Sun rises i.rk
Sun sets •••••. v ... 4.M
Moon sets '.''8:48a. m.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point entrance to San
Francisco- Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
; NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
May 1. Lat 37 07 . N, Ion 18 15 W^— Br ship
Celtic. Chief, from Liverpool, for Esqulmalt.
1 . DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES^-Passed May 19, 8:30 a m—
Stmr Arcata, hence May IT, for Coos Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 19^-Ship
Sam - Skolfield. from - Manila, via Yokohama;
U S stmr Bear, from Seattle; stmr Queen,
hence May 16; schr W H Talbot. from Shang
hai; bktn Klikltat, from Honolulu; schr Alice
Cooke, from Port Gamble. ' •
Sailed May 19 — Schr John A .Campbell, for
Puget Sound;, stmr : Queen, for Puget Sound
ports; U S stmr Bear, 'for Alaska,
Outward bound May 19— Stmr City of Pu
ebla, for San Francisco. : » - .
SEATTLE — Arrived May. 19-^Br ship County
of . Caithness, - from Shanghai; stmr Queen,
hence May 16. . -¦ ." . • •
Sailed May 19 — Stmr ! City of Pnebla. for
San ¦ Francisco: U S.stmr Bear, for Alaska.
Arrived ¦ May 18 — Stmr Farallon, from Skag
way; schr Stimson, from San Pedro.
Sailed May 18— Stmr Al Kl, for Skagway.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, . May 19. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind. NW, velocity 36 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
<¦' ¦'" -- : Monday, May 19. \
"Stmr Redwood City, • Hansen, . for Bowens
Landing. ; • , . . ¦ . *
Stmr : WestDort.' Erlckson, for Bear Harbor.
Stmr Marshfleld. ¦ Dettmers. for Eureka; ' ¦¦
. Stmr NewDort, Porter.: for Panama.
• Stmr Eureka. Jessen, for Eureka. ••
Br ship Windsor Parke, Livingstone, for
Queenstown. ¦,-¦-. ¦ , . • - . ¦ - - . - - - :
Barge Santa 'Paula. McGovern, for Ventura,
In tow of tug Rescue. , ¦ ' '
Schr Bessie K, Green, for Nome.
Schr Wm Olsen,- Rorvick, for . •
¦ v. . Monday, May 19.
Stmr Newport, Porter, for Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
CLEARED.
' . , ' ARRIVED.
. ¦ , ' : Monday.- May 19.
Stmr San Pedro, Jabnsen, '62 hours from,
Grays Harbor. > '
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson. . 56 hours from San
Pedro. ' v . - \ , , - . •
Ship. Glory of the Seas, Freeman, 5^ days
from Comox. . * ¦ . .
Bark Amy Turner. Warland, 26 days from
Hilo.
Schr Jennie - Thelln, Hansen, 7 days from
Coos Bay. ; .'•• ¦ ' ¦ • ¦
Schr Albion. Larsen, . 3 ¦ days from Coqullle
River. . ¦ -. \ .. ; ; . .'
¦ Schr Jennie i Griffin, Campbell, 4 hours from
Point Reyes. . . • ¦ -
Schr Mildred : Kendall, 13 days from What
comr- , 7 - -" • ' % •.•*."¦.¦: "; ;¦¦ . . .
Schr Ottillle .Fjord, ' Boeach, 25 days from.
Mahukona. -: ¦•¦','
Shipping Intelligence.
1. e.. at noon of .the 120th meridian, or at 3
p. m., Greenwich time. • ¦ - •'
W. H. STANDLET.
¦ Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. M.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 10. 1902. \
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
ha<d column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived rrlor to May 17—
Stmr Victor's, from 7acoma.N
YOKOHAMA— Arrived- prior V» May 17— Jap
stmr Riojun Maru, from Seattle.
Arrived May 19 — Br stmr Doric, henc*
"May 1.
-Sailed May 17— Stmr City of Peking, for San
Francisco.. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . •. . . ¦ *•
'H10GO— In port April 15— Br ship Palgrave,
for Orezon.
AUCKLAND— Sailed May 17— Stmr Sierra,
for San Francisco. ¦ ..
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 17— Br bark
Formosa, for I.fven>ooi.
FLUSHING— Arrived May lft— Nor bark
Hereford, hence Dec 14.
GRIMSBY — Arrived May 18 — Br shlD Car*
ne«V Llewellyn, hence Jan 1.
VANCOUVER— Arrived May 19— Br ship
Holywt'jd. rtoi"- Victoria.
¦.NEAVCASTLE- Sailed May IS— Bkta Rooert
Sudden, for Hniio'ulu.
GUAYMAS— Sailed May 17— Stmr Curacao.
for San Francisco.
HAMBURG — Arrived May IS — Br stmr Nep
tune, from Seattle.'
Sailed May 16 — Ger stmr Kambyses, for San
Francisco.
VICTORIA— Sailed May 19— Br «tmr Vlc
torlo and stmr. City of Puebta, for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Tartar, for Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
•LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 19 — Stmr Tuni
sian, from Montreal.
GLASGOW — Arrived May 19 — Stmr Samari
tan, from Montreal.
BREMEN — Arrived May 19 — Stmr Rheln.
from New York.-
GIBRALTAR— Sailed May 19— Stmr Hohen
zollern, from Genoa, for New York.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Sailed May 17— Br. stmr. St
Kilda. for Manila.
BALTIMORE-^Sailed May IS— Ship Henry
B Hyde, for San Francisco. .
TACOMA— Sailed May 19— Br stmr . Tan«
tsze, for Honskonir. . -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 19^—
stmr Aztec, from Nanalmo; stmr Melville
Dollar, from Seattle.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived May 19 — Stmr
Homer,, hence May 15.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 19— Bkta
Klikltat.- for Honolulu.
NEAH BAY— Passed In May 19— Schr W H
Talbot. from Shanghai, for Seattle.
' Passed out May Id— Schr A M CamcbeUV
from OlymDla, for San Francisco: schr Jen
nie Stella, from Falrhaven, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 18— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. '
ASTORIA — Arrived May 19 — Stmr Despatch,
from Falrhaven. *
I Sailed May 19 — Bktn Encore, for San Pedro.
) SAN PEDRO — Arrived May 19 — Schra Sal
vator and Luzon, from .Tacoma; schr Volun
teer, from Coos Bay; schr Gem. from Coqullla
River i bark Vldette, from Olympla; schr
Espada, from Ballard; stmr Santa Cruz, henca
May 16.
Sailed May 19 — Stmr Santa Cruz and Ful
ton, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 19— Schr
Americana, for St Michaels.
TO "ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
S|ROM SEATTLE.
Sun/. Moon: and .Tide.
United < States ¦ Coast and Geodetic Survey —
The British ship Crompton loads wheat j here
for Europe at 27s and. the Queen Victoria same
business at 28s; chartered prior to arrival.
> Th« : British ship '-. County of t Caithness ¦ wu
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamship - Ohio will go on Hunters
Point dry dock to-day.- The Indiana will be
decked , at Mare Island in a few days. . . .
The schooner Ocean Spray tried to go to sea
yesterday, but -was compelled* to' -return" on
account of the heavy' northwester . blowing
outside. V --¦ — :; ' ..•
The gasoline schooner Bessie K sailed yes
terday for Nome. .
Water Front Notes.
Tho bark Amy Turner, which arrived yes
terday, twenty-six days • from Hllo, encoun
tered ¦ heavy northwesterly • gales during the
last three days of the voyage.
Had Heavy Weather.
Owing to the fact that yesterday was a holi
day in England there was no change in the
overdue market. The list now stands: Tweeds
dale, 25 per cent; Elliot. 45 per cent; H. F.
Glade. 85 per cent.
Reinsurance List.
The Pacific Mall Company'o new . steamship
Korea Is expected to leave Newport ¦ News to
day or to-morrow for New York, where she
will take a cargo for this port. She will be
here in time to take the Peru's place 6n the
Oriental schedule. ¦ . . . •
Korea to Sail Soon.
The American 6h!p Sam Skolfleld II ar
rived yesterday, at Port_Townsend. She left
Manila a long time ago and was quoted. at 40
per cent on the reinsurance board when she
turned up at Yokohama 114 days out. V She
made a good passage across the Pacific and
arrived at her destination- in good condition.
Sam Skolfield II Arrives.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company will
to-day move from Broadway wharf to . Union
street No. 2, which It will occupy for several
months. The Umatilla, which sails to-morrow,
will be the last steamship dispatched from
Broadway,.- wharf. Broadway wharf will be
torn down. The now structure which I will be
constructed as rapidly as possible, will be 200
feet longer than the present wharf and twenty
feet wider. ¦
Will Move to New-Dock.
On her voyage from Philadelphia to Hlogo
the Garnet Hill encountered a hurricane, dur
ing which she had a narrow escape from de
struction. A large spare spar got- adrift on
deck and held possession of the works for four
hours. It was finally secured, but not before
it had rammed ( holes into everything break
able and jeopardizing the life and limbs of the
men that fought to make it fast. It knocked
ling bolts out of the deck and started the
hatch combings and it was with a sigh of re
lief that the mate reported to, the skipper, "All
fast, sir."
The British ships Garnet Hill and Queen
Victoria, which arrived from the Orient on
Saturday and Sunday^respectlvely, crossed the
Pacific at steamship speed and established
records for fast sailing that windjammers will
hav«; difficulty In bettering. v The Queen Vic
toria was thirty days coming from Shanghai.
She was out seven days before getting a wind
to. take her well off shore. When she found
her wind she made the most of it. The Gar
net Hill made her best run on the last day of
the voyage, when she logged 315 nautical miles
Shs left Hlogo April 23, but it was not until
April 30 that she began to travel. That date
she made 300 knots. There were few days
that she traveled fewer than 200 miles. She
sailed in all 4900 nautical miles and at times
made over sixteen knots. . .
Record Passages.
Movements of Steamers.
The cabin passengers were: A. E.
Drucker, Collis Kofahl, Mrs. F. A. Beyan.
E. Redden. J. M. Luna, E. E. Nelson and
wife and R. Micklethwait.
ter, Captain Saunders remaining
ashore for medical treatment. The New
port carried a large cargo and quite a
number of passengers, the majority of
v.hom were Chinese that arrived on the
Coptic and are bound for various destina
tions in Mexico, Central America, and
Peru. She ' also carries a large consign
ment of foodstuffs contributed by. local
commission merchants for the relief of
the earthquake sufferers In Guatemala.
The relief shipment included 100, bags of
leans, 150 bags of rice and 100 j bags of
corn.
THE Pacific Mall steamship New
port sailed at noon yesterday for
Panama and way ports. She went
out in command of Captain Por-
The steamer Newport sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with an assorted mer
chandise cargo valued at $69,348. manifested as
follows: For Central America, $37,624; Mexico,
$28,544; Panama. $3180. The following were
the principal shipments :
To Central America— 2673 bbls flour, 12 pkgs
agricultural Implements, 11 pkgs cartridges,
50iiS lbs beans, 6 eg .canned goods, 1120 pkgs
cement, 14,404 lbs corn, 10 bales' cotton domes
tlcs.«-900 HW drled"fruit, 82 pkgs dry goods, 16
pkgs' electrical supplies, 291 pkgs drugs and
druggists' sundries. Ul pkgs groceries and provi
sions, ¦ 45 pkgs hardware, 330 lbs ham. 1 cs
hats, 3 bales leather, 39,331 ft lumber, 1986 Iba
lard, 152 bdls iron, 24 pkgs machinery, 250 lbs
mlllstuffs. 28 kegs nails, 28 bdls, 40 pes pipe,
43 pkgs paper, 1000 lbs dried peas, 104 pkgs
paints and oils, 42 ctls potatoes, 17,737 lbs rice,
4 coils rope, 8 cs salmon, 2490 lbs eoda, 47 cs
stationery, 3750 lbs tallow, 2 bales twine, 14
ctls wheat, 68 cs and 30 gals whisky, 2674
gals. wine. . • .'
To Mexico— 11,109 ft lumber. 52,275 lbs tal
low, 12,417 lbs grease, 423 gals wine, 101 cs
whisky. 10. bdls wire, 300 lbs sago, 1120 bdls
shooks, ,2 cs salmon, 8 cs rubber goods, 125
flasks quicksilver, 20 bales paper, 5 ctls pota
toes, lit} pkgs paints and oils, 78 bdls 14 pes
pipe. 10 bales oakum, 25 kegs nails, 181 lbs
nuts, 243 pkgs machinery, ' 128 pkgs hardware,
2 pkgs groceries, 40 bales bags, 400 lbs bread,
6 cs boots and shoes. 6 cs canned goods, 300
lbs cheese, 200 cs cyanide of potassium, 64 sks
coke, 50 bbls cement, .12 pkgs car material,'
6 pkgB electrical supplies, 14 cs drugs. 1672 lbs
dried fruit, 5 cs dry goods, 30 cs edged tools.
To Panama — 175 bbls flour, 18,600 lbs rice,
6240 gals. wine, 5 cs drugs, 1 cs dry goods.
Sailing of the Panama Steamer.
chartered prior to arrival for wheat from
Puget Sound for Europe at 25s. The British
bark Holy wood Is chartered for' wheat from
Tacoma to Europe.
The bark Louisiana was chartered, prior to
arrival for lumber from Puget Sound to Syd
ney at 38s 9d, with option of Melbourne, Ade
laide or Plrie. 4Cs 3d. i . |
The ship Dirlgo will load sugar at Honolulu
for Delaware Breakwater, : for orders, at ?6 75;
If to Philadelphia 50c extra; chartered prior to
arrival at Honolulu. \ • ' .
Notice to Mariners.
WILLAPA BAY — WASHINGTON.
Notice Is hereby given of the following
changes in the aids to navigation In this dis
trict, which affect the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1902, pages 69 and 70.
Lower end of middle ground, Wlllapa River,
buoy No. 8. was changed May 6 from a sec
ond to a first-class nun without change in
position or otherwise.
Jenny Ford spit buoy No. v 2. a red, third
class nun. was discontinued May S as no
longer needed.
North Cove buoy No. 1, a black first-class
epar, was discontinued May 5 as no longer
needed.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander. U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Acquitted of Burglary.
The case of John Smith, charged with
burglary, was dismissed by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday. Smith was arrested by
detectives 'belonging to Morse's agency
on Powell street with a valise filled with
the silverware stolen from the 1 window
In the jewelry store of "W. K. Vanderslice
& Co., 136 Sutter street, which he was
trying to selL His defense was
that he got the articles from a
man to sell, and the Judge decided that
according to decisions of the Supreme
Court mere possession could not. be held
as an evidence of guilt without corrobora
tive testimony.
Vacation Period Selected.
The Superior Judges decided yesterday
that the vacation period for this year
shall commence on June 16 and last until
August 16. During the two months no
cases will be tried except by consent, or
In case of emergency. The criminal courts
only are excepted.
The feature of last night's entertain
n;ent was a drill by Company C, First
Imantry Regiment. N. G. C. The soldier
boys executed their maneuvers in excel
lent style and were heartily applauded
as they marched and countermarched up
and down the floor of the Pavilion. The
soldiers with- their martial equipments
and their fluttering banners furnished a
very picturesque scene when taken in
conjunction with the historic towers and
embattled castles of Ireland. Colonel
Thomas F. O'Neil and staff were also in
attendance at the fair.
The "Woodmen of the World will be
present to witness the festivities. Enter
tainments will also be given by Water
fcrd. Queens and Tipperary booths.
The celebrations at the booths last
night were under the auspices of Tyrone,
Louth and Mayo counties. At Mayo booth
the visitors had a chance to inspect a
numter of relics brought over from Ire
land. Among, the articles on display at
this booth is a beautiful doll called . "The
Lass from the County Mayo." It was
purchased especially for the Mayo booth
by Miss Margaret Shiels while she was
on a visit recently to Ireland.
programme consisted of vocal and instru
mental music and a discourse in Gaelic.
Never had a reigning? sovereign more
loyal or merrier subjects than' are those
who to-night acknowledge allegiance to
Queen Rita Curtis when she fs crowned
to rule over the - carnival at the Irish
Fair. She will be able "to look' down from
her throne of honor and count among her
people representatives 'from every county
of Ireland.- It is no matter of wonder
that the natives of Cork are rejoicing that
one of their fair daughters has been elect
ed Queen.
All is in readiness for the great carnjpal.
Queen Rita, who is a sister of Supervisor
Curtis, spent yesterday in selecting her
maids of honor. Her coronation robes
will be made of white. If has been de
cided by the committee in charge of the
carnival that there shall be a, parade
around the hall. It will be in the nature
of a triumphal promenade in honor of the
newly crowned queen. All the ladies who
have been working so incessantly for the
success of the\ booths will' join in the
parade. The carnival to-night will in all
probability be the most spectacular event
of the fair.
Counties Mayo, Tyrone and
Louth Render Fine
'Programmes.
Miss Rita Curtis to Be
Crowned To-Night *
at Irish Fair.
QUEEN TO RULE
LOYAL SUBJECTS
THE SAN FEANGISGO CA&L, TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1902.
7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Dora..-^^...
J.'Kimball.
Lakine. . . . .
Acme.;....
Umatllla. . .
Centennial.
Phoenix:...
Pcmona.
San Pedro..
State Cal...
Coos Bay. . .
Ventura....
North Fork
Newsboy...
Columbia..
Eureka....
Arctic."....
G. Dollar..
Pt. Arena..
Arcata
Rival......
May ao.
Nome & St. Michael
Nome via Seattle..
May 21.
Los Angeles Ports.
Sluslaw River . .-. ,
Puget, Sound Ports.
' May 22.
Nome via Seattle. .
Mendoclno City ...
Humboldt . .*
Grays I Harbor *.....
San • Dlogo &>Way..
San Pedro . & . Way . .
Sydney & .Way Pts.
Humboldt .........
Nome - via : Golof nln
: May 23.. '
Astoria & : Portland
¦ - May '24.v •
Humboldt ...'.......
Humboldf . .•..;¦....
Grays j Harbor :..•..:
Point Arena ......
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Willapa « Harbor ...
, .May 25.
San Diego & Way..
May 26. . g
Newport | & ¦ AVay. ..
Puget ; Sound Ports.
Coqullle River
May 27. U
Seattle &/ Whatcom
China & Japan
May 28.
Panama ¦ & Way.. .
Grays Harbor *.....
Astoria & Portland.
2 pmlPler 31
6 pmjPier 2
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier a
5 pm Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
1:30 pPler a
10 am Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
8 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
9 amlPier 2
• . . . . .(jPler. 16
11 am PJer 24
12 ' m Pier 13
12! m Pier 2
4 pm Pier. I 2
2 pm I Pier. "2
12 m| Pier 1.1
4,pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
"9 am Pier! 11
11 am Pysr o
* pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
12, m PMS8
5 pmlPler 2
11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa
Bonlta. ....
City Puebla
Mandalay. .
Rainier.!..
Coptic...
Citv Para..
Coronado. .
G. Elder...
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Topeka.. Skagway. &' Way. Ports. May 20
Farallon ..... Skagway •• & -Way Ports. May" 21
City Seattle.. Skagway &"Way, Ports. May 23
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. | May "4
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 23
J. 8. Kimball. Nome direct'.:....-. ;..-. May 25
Discovery.... Golovln Bay direct...... May 20
DlrlRo .'. . : ..-. Skagway & Way Ports! May 27
E Thompson. Nome;'& Bt. .Michael... May 27
Centennial..'. Nome direct ....... .v.; May. 20
Cottage City; Skagway. & -Way-Ports. May 30
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Santa Monica San Pedro May 20-
Meteor....... Oyster. Harbor ........ May 20
City of Para.- Panama & -Way Ports.. May 29
Wellington. . . Comox May 20
Pomona...... Humboldt May 20
Columbia.... Portland: & Astoria .... May 20
Acme SIuBlaw River May 20
Victoria..... Oyster Harbor Mav "0
Rival Wlllapa Harbor May °1
South Coast. . Humboldt' May 21
Phoenix.....!. Mendoclno City ........ May ''1
Lakme ;. Humboldt Mav 21
Eureka .. Humboldl May "¦»
O Dollar Wlllapa Harbor-.. May 22
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports . . . . May 22
Point Arena. . Point Arena Mav -> 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 22
Arctic. Humboldt \i & y <£>
Atcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Mav 23
Mandalay.... Coqullle River .... May •»"•{
Bonita.. Newport & Way Ports! May 5W
Corcnado. Grays Harbor .;. iMav •>!
Edith ..I Seattle ..[May 24
G Llndauer.. Grays Harbor ... ....... May °5
G. \V. Elder. . Portland & Astoria . . • IMav 2S
Newburg.... Grays Harbor ...... Mav °'rt
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan \\ May 27
Alameda..... Honolulu ' Mav 27
Curacao Mexican Ports ,~\ May "»7
Queen Puget Sound Ports . . . '. May T!
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports M~ay 27
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports] May 27
NrrthFork.. Humboldt ........ May 28 '
City Sydney. .1 Panama & Way Ports.' May 2i>
O Time Time
P Ft.
• it, W • . -IH.WI
20 4:20 0.3 11:12
21 5:00 — 0.1 l_t:59
22 6:36—0.2 12:44
23 6:11—0.2 1:30
24 6:48—0.1 2:14
H W • L TV
25 0:16 4.9 7:2i
2«" 0:45 -*.7 8:00
27 1 :20 4.5 8:39
Time
Ft.
L. W
4.4 3;54
: 4.4 4:31
4.4 5:07
i 4.4 5:45
4.4 0:25
H W
. 0.1 2:58
0.3 3 :39
O.5 4:17
Tim*
Ft. Ft.
'. |H W
. 2.7 10:22 5.5
2.9 10:51 5.4
2.0 11:20 5.3
2.0 11:47 6.1
2.9
4.4 7:09 - 3.0
4.4 8:04 3.0
4.5 9:C9 3.1
O Time Time
P Ft.
• it, W • . -IH.WI
20 4:20 0.3 11:12
21 5:00 — 0.1 l_t:59
22 6:36—0.2 12:44
23 6:11—0.2 1:30
24 6:48—0.1 2:14
H W • L TV
25 0:16 4.9 7:2i
2«" 0:45 -*.7 8:00
27 1 :20 4.5 8:39
Time
Ft.
L. W
4.4 3;54
: 4.4 4:31
4.4 5:07
i 4.4 5:45
4.4 0:25
H W
. 0.1 2:58
0.3 3 :39
O.5 4:17
Tim*
Ft. Ft.
'. |H W
. 2.7 10:22 5.5
2.9 10:51 5.4
2.0 11:20 5.3
2.0 11:47 6.1
2.9
4.4 7:09 - 3.0
4.4 8:04 3.0
4.5 9:C9 3.1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Dora..-^^...
J.'Kimball.
Lakine. . . . .
Acme.;....
Umatllla. . .
Centennial.
Phoenix:...
Pcmona.
San Pedro..
State Cal...
Coos Bay. . .
Ventura....
North Fork
Newsboy...
Columbia..
Eureka....
Arctic."....
G. Dollar..
Pt. Arena..
Arcata
Rival......
May ao.
Nome & St. Michael
Nome via Seattle..
May 21.
Los Angeles Ports.
Sluslaw River . .-. ,
Puget, Sound Ports.
' May 22.
Nome via Seattle. .
Mendoclno City ...
Humboldt . .*
Grays I Harbor *.....
San • Dlogo &>Way..
San Pedro . & . Way . .
Sydney & .Way Pts.
Humboldt .........
Nome - via : Golof nln
: May 23.. '
Astoria & : Portland
¦ - May '24.v •
Humboldt ...'.......
Humboldf . .•..;¦....
Grays j Harbor :..•..:
Point Arena ......
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Willapa « Harbor ...
, .May 25.
San Diego & Way..
May 26. . g
Newport | & ¦ AVay. ..
Puget ; Sound Ports.
Coqullle River
May 27. U
Seattle &/ Whatcom
China & Japan
May 28.
Panama ¦ & Way.. .
Grays Harbor *.....
Astoria & Portland.
2 pmlPler 31
6 pmjPier 2
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier a
5 pm Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
1:30 pPler a
10 am Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
8 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
9 amlPier 2
• . . . . .(jPler. 16
11 am PJer 24
12 ' m Pier 13
12! m Pier 2
4 pm Pier. I 2
2 pm I Pier. "2
12 m| Pier 1.1
4,pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
"9 am Pier! 11
11 am Pysr o
* pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
12, m PMS8
5 pmlPler 2
11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa
Bonlta. ....
City Puebla
Mandalay. .
Rainier.!..
Coptic...
Citv Para..
Coronado. .
G. Elder...
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Topeka.. Skagway. &' Way. Ports. May 20
Farallon ..... Skagway •• & -Way Ports. May" 21
City Seattle.. Skagway &"Way, Ports. May 23
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. | May "4
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 23
J. 8. Kimball. Nome direct'.:....-. ;..-. May 25
Discovery.... Golovln Bay direct...... May 20
DlrlRo .'. . : ..-. Skagway & Way Ports! May 27
E Thompson. Nome;'& Bt. .Michael... May 27
Centennial..'. Nome direct ....... .v.; May. 20
Cottage City; Skagway. & -Way-Ports. May 30
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Santa Monica San Pedro May 20-
Meteor....... Oyster. Harbor ........ May 20
City of Para.- Panama & -Way Ports.. May 29
Wellington. . . Comox May 20
Pomona...... Humboldt May 20
Columbia.... Portland: & Astoria .... May 20
Acme SIuBlaw River May 20
Victoria..... Oyster Harbor Mav "0
Rival Wlllapa Harbor May °1
South Coast. . Humboldt' May 21
Phoenix.....!. Mendoclno City ........ May ''1
Lakme ;. Humboldt Mav 21
Eureka .. Humboldl May "¦»
O Dollar Wlllapa Harbor-.. May 22
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports . . . . May 22
Point Arena. . Point Arena Mav -> 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 22
Arctic. Humboldt \i & y <£>
Atcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Mav 23
Mandalay.... Coqullle River .... May •»"•{
Bonita.. Newport & Way Ports! May 5W
Corcnado. Grays Harbor .;. iMav •>!
Edith ..I Seattle ..[May 24
G Llndauer.. Grays Harbor ... ....... May °5
G. \V. Elder. . Portland & Astoria . . • IMav 2S
Newburg.... Grays Harbor ...... Mav °'rt
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan \\ May 27
Alameda..... Honolulu ' Mav 27
Curacao Mexican Ports ,~\ May "»7
Queen Puget Sound Ports . . . '. May T!
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports M~ay 27
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports] May 27
NrrthFork.. Humboldt ........ May 28 '
City Sydney. .1 Panama & Way Ports.' May 2i>
AMTCSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
LAUGHTER FROM* RISE TO FALL OF
CURTAIN;
ALL THIS . WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAT.
MR. JA MES NEILL
AND COMPANY
In Augustin Daly's Amusing Comedy, ~
THE LOTTERY OF LOVE.
• BARGAIN* "¦*""*" """evert" ••••••;
: * MATINEE •---;- -" THURSDAT. I
: - 25c and 60c. :
Next — Sunday. May 25, the Romantic Comedy,
. . , "THE . RED KNIGHT."
By George H. Broadhurst.
SEATS THURSDAY. •
' TO-NIGHT'S THE NIGHT.
—A NIGHT WITH THE ELKS—
•- .Monster Programme, Including
Edward Harrigan and Company, Julia Heln-
rlch. Lew Sully, Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane,
Juvenile Florodora - Sextette, Georgia Cooper,
Jessie Dale and a Host of Novelties.
Prices — $100, 60c. 25c.
BALANCE OF WEEK,
EDU/ARD HARRIGAN
In His Biggest Success, •'
"WADDY GOOGANi"
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 6Oc. 75c.
• Knights . of Pythias— Thursday Evening..
NEXT WEEK... 7^.....;.... MAUDE FEALT
Ayh eat r w7A>
A DECIDED WINNER, |Tv
The Brightest "Jewel In Comedy's Crown.
• .... ¦; < * rf ~ >B > ¦¦"¦¦"-/
BRIXTON
BURGLARY
Enacted by the Entire Alcazar Stock Company.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
rnirrC Night.. *...15c. 25c, 35c, 60c and 75c
IttlwLO Matinee... 15c. 20c, 35c and 50c
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAT.
. ... FRIDAYi..MAY 30. - : A ; ,"
NEXT. . .'. . '.'. .'. . . .."HIS WIFE'S. FATHER."
FISCHER'S THEATER |
•O'Farrell.v bet. Stockton and Powell St».
¦-¦¦ " ; TeWphbne'Maln 231."
AND . I • BEGINS THE
, TO-- . - A SEVENTH r.
NIGHT ' I .WEEK.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE."
With new, striking features. Come and hear
Anna Held 1 8 famous song. ."MOLLIE SHAN-
NON." by Geo. H. Ryan of "Frisco," the latett
great hit. and new. things by Kolb, Dill. Ber-
nard. Blake,- Hermsen." Amber, Galllck, Hope.
Emerson, and something new again by the best
of all ' choruses. Night - prices . 25c and- 50c.
Matinees, Saturday and Sunday, 25c. Children
at - Matinees 10c. . - -¦¦'• v -
THE CHUTES
Fulton' Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
- ¦ : . EVENING.
BACON AND VANE; BYRNE AND WEST-
/ MAUDE AND GLADYS SORENSEN; JACK
SYMONDS; PETCHINO BROTHERS:
GRANT /AND GRANT, "and NEW MOVING
"PICTURES. . *..'.'
A Host 'of Attractions on ih? Grounds.
NIGHT— —^- '
THE AMATEURS IN VFLORODORA."
Admission .... .'. . . .".10c - Children. .'. . . . ..... .8c
Phone for SeaU— Park 23.
A WEAK STOMACH
When the stomach is weak
your food remains undigested,
and you fail to receive the
proper nourishment from it.
Try a dose of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters aftpr each miaj.
It will aid ihe stomach in its
work of digestion and prevent
Dyspepsia; Constipation, B lious.
ness and Nervousness. Try it.
Stomach Bitters,
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalincf Water
"220 BROADWAT. N. T.
Dn 1 n ncx Desirable location,
1 til W V V unsurpassed cuisine,
. unequaled ser-
:. n n n : . \-ice -and modern
tlilU conveniences arc ' the
_ S-; attributes that have
lif*3f!/1 made these two ho-
II 1 U II 41 tels poputer v with
• w ¥ ".+ tourists and travel-
H/\fh|C e fS who visit San
11U IWld Francisco.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuei^for Grates, Fur-
naces and_Cooking;
.'-There la no fuel that will compare with coke.
Delivered; In any . quantity. . Country ord«ra
solicited. -, P. A. . MCDONALD. 813 Folaom rt.
TWa sfgnatue is on ©rery box of tho genniac
- Laxative Bromo-Quinine T»bieu v
thr j renMdy that enrca • coM ' la one • tfagk
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Theee steamers' are built ; expressly . for Cen-
tral and South American passenger - service.'
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street. .• «
EALFOUR. GUTHRIE& CO.. Gen.,: Agents.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
PALENA June 7ITUCAPEL . . . .July 19
COLOMBIA June 27|GUATEMALA. .Aug. 0
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
f^fBSBi^lOS/l m FHASCSCD'S
vU&nUi¥asB8#4 leaqirq theatbs
SECOND AND LAST WEEK. -^
MATINEES WEDNESDAY aad SATUEDAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
And His . Company In Hia Greatest Success.
THE SECOND iN COMMAND
By Fobert Xtn&tH. author of "A Royil fiailj."
pDirpe Evenings. 12. $1 50. $1. 75c. 50c. 23c
I A1WCO MaUnees. $1 50. $1. 75c. 50c. 25c
Commencing: next MONDAY. May 28. •¦ "' * -*"''
- KATHRYN KIDOER,
In an Elaborate Revival of David Garrici**
' Immortal Comedy,
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
- EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! > J
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP! 1
THIRD WEEK AND CROWDING THH !
THEATER. . J
THF
SINGING GIRL
. ' - Coming — To Charm Everybody.
"THE TOY MAKER.**
POPULAR PRICES 25c. BOc and TBo
Telephone — Bush 9. A
vaudeyillFsurprises!
•'-*¦. -¦¦" x . vi'V i '''~~~~" ¦¦".'--. ¦,.
8 Picchlani Sisters; Midgley and
Carlisle ; Lotta Gladstone ; little
Elsie; Dooley and Fowley; Lew
Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Kelcy; Ketty
and Kent, and last week of Miss
Chester's Statue Dog.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera -Chairs. 50c.
- . - TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Magnificent Production of the Famous Melo-
• . drama, •
Woman Against Woman
-, A, Powerful Play— A Great Cast.
First Appearances Here the Brilliant Actress,
JVIISU FfAfSJNY /VlcINTYRE.
t B If rc Evenings ..10c to 50c
•*lvW Matinees 10c. 15c. S3c
Next Week.... "HANDS ACROSS THE SEA"
nude onufii
Eighteenth Exhibit of the
;- California
State Floral Society
• In the
GRAND NAVE OF THE FERRY BUILDING.
San Francisco.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY. May
22. 23. 24— .-.,-
10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Music will be furnished every evening by
the Band from the U. S. S. , PENSACOIaA.
ADMISSION. 250.
Positively cured by these
Iattle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
Ext remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Tastcin the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain ia the Side, TORPID LIVER. * They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. small Dose.
SmaH Prtcgv
OCEAN TBAVEIfc
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
ITJ^^ 'Wharf, San Francisco:
K&gB&K. For Ketchikan, Juneau,
jS-aft'^tK.^ Ekag-R-ay, etc.. Alaska — 11 a_
f^KSSVSm *°- May xl - lfl - 21 - -°- 31 *
I^SkSS?! Va.1l J une 5. Changre to com-
ES^^^-*^1 pany's steamers at Seatt'.e.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Towr.sencl. Seattle. Ta-
ai^% coma. Everett, Whatcom —
11 a. XtL. May* 11. 16, 21. 26. 31. June 5. Chans*
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka, and G. N. By.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Bumboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. no..
Stay 12. 17. 22. 27. June 1.
Kor Loe Anceles (via Port Ix» AnBeles and
Redonfio). San Dleco and Santa Barbara^ —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. in.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pe<lro). Sacta Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucojt. San Luis Oblspa
(via Port Harford) Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ( # Bor.lta only).
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. May'14. 22. 30. June 7.
Bon!ta. 9 a. m.. May 10. 18. 26. June 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guayxnas (Mex)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail- I
lnr dates.
TICKFT «"»T"TXCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D DCNASN, G«n. Pass. Agent.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Const Steamship Ca
FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR 9 P. M.. JX7XE 1
VALENCIA 9 P. M.. JUNE 7
Ar-d fortnightly thereafter during the 6eason.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
epectlvely. connect with above steamers. The
new and eleeant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made rerular .trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers end freight without loss.
mishap cr delay. Forpassenger rates and Noma
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market «.. San Francisco.
O. R. & TV. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO ;
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to Ml
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST KATlSa.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23, June 2. 12, 22
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
May 18. 28. June 7. 17
Steamer sails from foot of Epear St., U a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong*y. S. F.
I First-Class Steamer a
C5NTBNNIAL |
8000 Tons Capacity, to
I NOME
[ j Sails May 22, via Seattle 28. -
i U $50.00.
H Quick Time. Finest Service
1 CHAS. CONKLIN & CO.. Agents, B
B 7IO Market Street. • fl
TOYO KM KAiSBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan Etreets. at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sail in?.
ES. AMERICA MARU
Friday. June 6, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
...* Saturday, June 28, 1902
6S. NIPPON MARU. .Thursday. July 24, 1902
Round-trip ticket* at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Jfamburg -American.
TWIST-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
-F. Bismarck May29[A. Victoria June 17
-Columbia June 5|F. Bismarck June 20
TWIN-SCREW PASSE\GER SERVICE
. PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
¦Pennsylvania ..May 27 1 Vic. Luise June 10
Pretoria June 7 lloltke June 10
' Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, !M. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast, *01 California St.. San Francisco.
ES. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Tburs.. May 22, 10 a.m.
£S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, May 3J, 2 p. m.
63. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, June 9, 10 a. m.
L Bt EFEICIILS k BROS. CO., GfillBral Ajte., 329 Marfct :
sa'i Pesl ces;, w Kartet St. Pisr So. 7. PacULc si
CCKPAGME GEKEEALE TKANSATLAKTIQCZ.
lJUiECT LINK TO HAVRE-fAKIS. .j.,,,
Bailing every Thursday, instead or <f%lljfa
£eturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. SeSJSaB
X trill Klver. foot of Morton street. • . •
First class to Havre $70 and upward. Second
cla*a to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. V. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
¦ Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets cold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMEKICAV 1,1X12.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Phila May 28, 10am St. Louis. June 1L 10am
St. Paul-June 4, 10am Phlla June 18, 10am
REU STAR IASIC.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Ken£lngrtn.May28, nooniFreesland. Junell, -noon
Zeeland...June 4, noon|Southwrk..Junel8, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., "
CHAS. P. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steimer* GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:S0 p. m., except Sun-
day. Bunday. 8:45 a.>.£i.. fc:30 p. m. Leave*
\allejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 S»oon, C p. m.. exeepi
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* H
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
BROS. P ' er MjMlca " Itreet dock - HATCH:
WeeHy Can $l-.00B8r Year
ADVEBTISEHENTS. '
ADVEBTISEMENTa
I The first year (1835) that
James Crow made -
ffl CROW
0m RYE"
j-r^ ¦ the methods and mate-
\~ i « »% ~* naIs were perfect.
! *OLD CROW The y hav e never been
1. ><£§2$r\ changed. It needs
Ur ' none of the doctoring
W *^^^ N | known as blending.
y*-ii."jri-«l Stra-ght Whiskies are
'RYE the onI y pure and
- , wholesome ones.
i fttSfifiL Gold Medal awarded
ifffiSS 0 ) Paris, 1900.
...r..^ Jl Our Scotch Whis-
• 1 kies are also straight.
jH. b. KiHK & CO., N. Y.
CATTON. BELL, & CO..
Sole Distributors, San Francisco, Cal.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
kiusEOH of mmm\
A Cft 1C51 1UBZXT ST. ttt. 6*ift7th, S.r.ClU k
\ ,Gf Tbe Laa-rst Anatomical Museum in the \
Q m jnii_ w <>rld- We«kiie»es or any contracted Q
« ?&HW * s " s * r»«'««»"«7 c«r«l by the oldest f
© j)Kb|1 ipecil'st on the Coast. Est. 36 years. O
6 Itfgg'h OS- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f Consultation free and stiirtly prirate. \
9 I yt*£n Treatment personally or by l-tter. A A
\ fl F Tl H • P ****' r * Curt «° e»erjr case undertaken. T
A&H llfCI Wmt for Bnoit, PHlLOHOI'nV.r i*
V • U \\* BlnOMCE, MAILED FREE. (AY
A (i ly raluable book for men) . \
V Diit. JO2DAX*f<»., 105IMftrtptSt..S. F. 9
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregular!*
ties Peculiar to the Sex.. S
Apioline Capsules for three months cost $L
DruJKist or P. O. Box 2081, New York.
If 'WtMi;: Nature's ' \SWeet
1 •" fSBr . ;.•;¦¦• iff P^fftVP'S 9
mP^SHm iV the name applied to "sleep."
m liS^M Sleep of the most restorativa
Wfi wBi Kk ~ Kind follows the use of
Htei'i^BBgB Recommend e d by leading physi*
||^^g^!^gBS cians as a pure tonic with
l^^^^^w I "w-onderful building-up properties.
ra^ffl'affiffijffll Not a "darK beer/' but a real
I^S^Sm molt extract.
R^^SEflSSS': All druggists sett it. Prepared onfy bp
p^^^^ Anheuser-Busch JBrewing Ass'n
Brewers of the famous Budweiser. Mlchelob,
- BlacK Tan, Pale-Lager. Faust. Anheuser*
¦f Standard, JLxport Pale and Hxquisite.HENRY F. LILKENDET, was
crowned king, of the Schuetzen
fest held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park under the auspice's
of the Sari Francisco Schuetzen
Verein. The high honor came to him after
Late Shipping Intelligence.
' ARRIVED. Vj." ,r .
. Mowday, May 19.
Stmr GlDsy,"; Swanson, 18, hours from Santa
Cruz. -\. ¦ :¦¦¦•":¦ ¦-" '- .-¦¦•' ¦
• -Stmr State of California, Thomas, 50 hours
from: San. Dieco. ¦¦,.-¦¦ .. - . . ¦ ,' ¦ .,
. , *-• , , , -. DOMESTIC PORTS.
' : PORT .TOWNSEND— Sailed . May • 19-^Schi-
Americana, from Port Gamble, '. for : St. . Mich
ael ; schr Alice Cooke, from : Port ' Gamble.^ for
Honolulu. •; ¦ ¦ ¦.;. . — • >¦¦ .
,. SEATTLE — Arrived ' May IS — Br ' ship Gene
ral Roberts, from Rotterdam; «tmr Edith, from
San r> Francisco. • •. ¦ /•. ¦ - •¦ " ••• • v ,- _ - .
. . Arrived May,- 10 — Br stmr Yangtse, from Ta
coma.v ¦'".' ', ¦'-•:'•¦¦-.'.¦.--¦..¦.•.; ..^ • .. .>•.-¦.«•.»,¦.
"- Sailed May 19— Stmr. Dolphin, for Skagway
¦' ASTORIA— Sailed May 10— Stmr Elmore for
TiU&mook.*vS£i^'&^£te¥&tQl«&KHbr' - - • '¦-¦
¦¦. Call at I Santa Fe ticket 1 office.: 641 Market
street,' for illustrated : pamphlet and -full par
ticulars.- ¦* . - ' . •-¦ ¦ •
"The;" quickest' and most convenient way ' in
and ', out of ¦ fho 1 Yosemlte Valley Is j by, way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San j Francisco to
day" at 9 a.: m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow -at 5 p.m. '. - .-.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
O. Lemcke, chairman; K. Werthelmer, secre
tary; P. F.~ Rathjens,' treasurer ;.J. Thode • F
Hensel, D. Salfield, R. Stettin, H. F. Lilkendey
A. E.Goetze, J. ,W. Goetze. W. C. Morken, E.
M. Stehn, H. Meyer, A. F. Meyer, F. Gooss, G.
G. Guenthw, " S. Helno, E. Ipsen, L. C. J Hof
mann, A. W. Pape, J. D. Helse, F. P. Schuster
H. Huber, J. Utschlg, C. Peach, E. H. Goetze!
H. Stelllng, John Kohs, August- Eggert,, D B.
Faktor, John Gefken and J. Lankenau. - . -«:
While the shooting was in progress the
wives and daughters of the members en
joyed dancing In the pavilion. Ackmann's
band rendered excellent dance music. The
ladies were given an opportunity to dis
play their skill by launching a wooden
duck with a pointed bill against a target.
D. B. Faktor watched the flight of the
bird. "Dick" Dunker, the popular secre
tary of the Verein, kept tab on the-shots;
William Morken ran a roulette wheel
without befng "pinched"; Alec Pape
knocked' over the golden cross that
f crmed a part of the scepter, but* imag
ined-he-was "double crossed,";' as he got
no prize. Phllo Jacobi was very facetious
during the. contest. Every time a friend
would step up to win the "king" prize he
would yell for "moosic." The success of
the affair was due to the efforts of the
following committee: ¦•
LADIES RUSH THE DUCK
The committee then unscrewed the steel
plate which protected the eagle's body
and the firing began for first honors.
Nearly an hour was devoted to chipping
pieces off the targets Ed Aigeltlnger got
a generous piece of the mark, but it would
not drop.
It was the forty-third anniversary of
the organization. The members dressed
in their natty uniforms and carrying their
trusty rifles marched to the ferry in the
morning and journeyed to Shell Mound
Park. As soon as they arrived the stren
uous work of the day was taken up. The
gayly painted wooden eagle was left to
the mercy of the experts. " Louis Barner
was first to score. He leveled the crown.
Fred Ratjens toppled the head over;
Frank Koch landed the apple; John Gif
ken landed the scepter; Charles Thier
bach scored the left claw, and Herman
Huber dropped the other claw. The ex
perts then devoted their attention to the
left wing. They peppered holes in it un
til it resembled a sieve. August Eggert
locsened it, but the wing did not drop
until Fred Schuster, one of the best shots
in the crowd, had his gun sighted at the
mark. Had he fired while the wing was
falling he would have been entitled to
the prize, but like a magnanimous sports
man he, refused to take the advantage.
He; was cheered.. This bit' of sportsman
ship was one of the features of the day.
Captain John Thode dropped the right
wing seven minutes later. •
SCHUSTER WINS CHEERS.
the eighty men who competed' with- him
had; fired many pounds of lead; at what
remained of a wooden eagle fastened ito
a 3 high pole fifty yards- away. £Whenvth«
last piece of wood fell to the ground
there was, tremendous cheering. Lilkeh
dey was congratulated and then hoisted
onl'a chair, .which in turn rested on a
table. The band was brought from the
pavilion and the lucky sharpshooter was
escorted in state to the dance hall, where
he was crowned with a floral wreath by
Miss Thode.- He repaid the fair lady
with 'a royal salute on' the 'lips, 'and the
crowd yelled approval. Mr. Lilkendey
was at a loss for words and therefore in
vited his brother members to "have a
smile with him." Before' the company
returned to this city the "smile" devel
oped into a well defined laugh, which was
evidence that the "king" was a generous
hest.
SOME OF THOSE WHO WERE PROMINENT FIGURES AT THE FORTY*
'. THIRD ANNUAL SHOOTING FESTIVAL 1 OF THE SAN FRANCISCO
SCHUETZEN VEREIN YESTERDAY. , ;
The centennial celebration of the Pres
byterian Home Mission Society was be
gun to-day. President Roosevelt will ad
dress the meeting to-morrow night in
Carnegie Hall. He will be met at the sta
tion by a committee from the board of
home missions. Every seat in Carnegie
Hall has already been disposed of.
the attention. of the General Assembly.
First— Prayerful effort to promote a
general revival of religion.
Second— The enlistment of ministerial
influence.
Third— Prayer in the closet, prayer in
the family and prayer in social meetings,
in addition to the more formal prayers
in the great congregation.
REDDING, May 19.— J. Brown, a stock
man of Modoc County, who has been
selling horses in Redding the past week,
attempted to drive a colt this morning.
The animal got beyond control and the
aged man was thrown out of the vehicle,
his head striking a tree. His injuries
probably will prove fatal.
Thrown From His Vehicle.
Body of Another Victim Is Believed
, to Be Buried in the
Ruins.
PITTSBURG. Pa. ; -May 19.— Adam Gripp,
aged 18, is reported dead and eight per
sons injured as a result of the explosion
of a tank of gasoline to-day at Winne
bago street. It is supposed Gripp's body
is buried in the ruins.
The injured: John Gagen, aged 15; Wlt
senti Moroski 20; Stani Shrovesi, 10; An
drew Schilling, 6; George Karish, 25; Peter
Orasky, 22; Bord Scots, 3; Annie Muel
ler, 4.
The Injured were all badly burned and
several are in a serious condition.
EIGHT FEBSONS INJURED
IN A GASOLINE EXPLOSION
The number of candidates under the
care of the board during the year was 572.
The income was scarcely sufficient to pro
vide for them, and the report points out
that if there should be an increase of,
say, 100 next year there would be no little
anxiety with regard to the $10,000 which
would be needed for the emergency.
There was received by legacies during
the year $2479. The amount paid to can
didates this year is $55,530, as compared
with $46,433 last year. Under the circum
stances it has not been possible to make
any additions to the reserve fund. The
board believes the publication of the view
that the church has too many ministers
already, fortified by statistics tending to
show that there are a large number of
• capable ministers upon the roll beyond
existing opportunities for service, have
made considerable impression and must
be reckoned with as among the causes
which discourage young men from devot
ing their lives to work in the sacred of
fire.
The following measures are urged upon
In its eighty-third annual report the
board of education announces that all the
financial engagements of the year have
been met without incurring any debt, but
there is a somewhat diminished balance.
The receipts from the churches, Sabbath-
Bchools and young people's societies
amounted to $44,170, as compared witfc
$43,040 last year. Only the fact that the
number of candidates enrolled for the
year was abnormally small made it pos
sible to carry out the purpose to make a
better provision for them than In recent
years. $100 being given to students in the
collegiate and seminary courses and $90
to students in the preparatory course.
This is the highest rate paid since 1834.
The report of the freedmen's board,
¦with the Rev. Dr. McGonigle's comment.
.was accepted and adopted.
Nearly 11,000 pupils have come under
Presbyterian instruction, and the number
of churches and missions has increased
from 342 to 5S2.
The treasurer's report shows receipts
from all sources during the year ended
March 31, 1302, '-were $lNo,SOA. After all ex
penditures were deducted there remained
a balance of J1057. The report does not in
clude in any way the $$8,254 contributed
by churches and schools for support.
Rev. Dr. E. P. Cowan, corresponding
secretary and treasurer of the board of
freedmen. addressing the assembly said
the Presbyterian church would have to
bestir itself and do its share of the work
among the freedmen if the day was to be
ushered in when the freedmen could take
tfciir stand not only as political but as
spiritual equals of the whites.
Rev. John N. McGonigle of St. Augus
tine, Fla., also made an appeal for the
freedmen's mission. The average eolore-3
preacher in the South was ignorant. He
offered an amendment to the report of
the standing committee recommending
that the contributions of the church to
the freedmen's work be increased 50 per
cent.
More money was received during the
year than for any similar period in eight
years.
NEW YORK, May 19.— At the business
session to-day of the Presbyterian Gen
eral Assembly the Rev. Mr. Van Dyke,
the moderator, presided. To-day marked
the beginning of the Presbyterian home
missions, which is being held in connec
tion with the General Assembly. Dev. Dr.
Samuel A. Martin, president of Wilson
College, Chambersburg, Pa., presented
the- thirty-seventh annual report of the
beard of missions for freedmen.
A child.
The crime was discovered by John Kel
ler, who found the six corpses, scarcely
cold, and the only living witness to the
tragedy— a helpless infant. Austin had
been madly infatuated with the McCul
loch girl,' and, it' is said, killed the family
because his advances were rejected. Aus
tin went to the Wilkinson home Friday
night and proposed marriage. He was re
jected, but vowing he would marry the
girl, hurried to this city and procured a
license. He went to church on Sunday
afternoon and told eveiy one whom he
met that he was to be married that night.
About 7 o'clock this morning several shots
were heard, but no investigation was
made. When Wilkinson failed to appear
for work at a neighbor's, where he was
engaged in harvesting a crop of pota
toes, John Keller, a farmhand, was sent
for him and discovered the tragedy.
ST. AUGUSTINE. Fla., May 19.— Crazed
by his infatuation for Abitha McCulloch,
a 13-year-old girl. William Austin, aged
25. to-day killed the girl and four other
persons and then committed suicide in the
farmhouse of William Wilkinson, near
Hastings', eighteen miles from St. Augus
tine. The dead:
WILLIAM WILKINSON, aged 52.
MRS. WILKINSON, his wife.
MISS ABITHA McCULLOCH, aged 13.
MISS WILKINSON, sister of William
Wilkinson.
WILLIAM AUSTIN.
Ghastly Discovery Is Made
by Neighbors Who Heard
Pistol Shots.
Noticeable Increase in the
Number of Churches
and Missions.
Completes . His Bloody
Work by Commit
ting Suicide.
Presbyterian General As
sembly Considers
Reports.
WORK OF YEAR
UNDER REVIEW
REJECTED LOVER
KILLS A FAMILY
KINDLY WOMAN
STAYS SUICIDE
Induces Despondent Man
to Yield His Re
volver..
Chance, Encounter Starts an
Unfortunate Upon a .
. Brighter Road.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, May 19.— Mrs. Benjamin
ofOroville, a delegate to the Woman's
Convention in Woodland, last Saturday
prevented a despondent young man com
mitting suicide. While she was with a
party of ladies out driving they came
upon a genteel. and well dressed young
man, who was lying beside the railroad
tank. As they approached he drew a re
volver and was in the act of pressing the
muzzle to his head when Mrs. Benjamin
cried, "Hold!" with such a show of com
mand that he hesitated long enough for
her to reach his side.
To her inquiries he replied that he was
tired of a misspent life and ashamed of
the disgrace he has brought upon his par
ents and intended to end it all. Mrs. Ben
jamin talked kindly, to him, offered to help
him and finally persuaded him to give up
his pistol. She told him he might have it
again when he had recovered from his de
spondency.
The stranger, who gave his name as
Hobson, said he never wanted to see the
pistol again. As the ladies drove away he
feelingly thanked Mrs. Benjamin and
promised to lead a better life.
ENGLISH TOUBISTS DROWN
IN LAKES OF KrLLAKNEY
Squall Upsets Their Boats and They
Sink Before Assistance Can x
Beach Them.
LONDON, May 19.— Nine English tour
ists, including four women and four boat
men, were drowned yesterday by the up
setting of a boat on the Lake3 of Kil
larney, County Kerry, Ireland, during a
squall. A train near Glasgow was de
railed this morning. There was no loss
of life, but. numbers were injured.
These are the . earliest samples of the
accidents which usually mark the Whit
suntide bank holidays.
A storm is sweeping over the coasts of
the United Kingdom. The weather is wet.
windy and cold inland and the numbers
of "trippers" were consequently much
curtailed. -
1 The carthorse parade in Regents Park
to-day attracted the usual crowds.
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MAY 20, 11)02.
Henry F. Lilkendey Is Crowned "King at
the/ Forty-Third Anniversary Shoot of
the San Francisco' Schuetzen Verein
MARKSMEN PEPPER WOODEN EAGLE
UNTIL IT FALLS FROM ITS PERCH
8
Mrs. Ellen Ripley, Chaplain Ladies Aid,
Grand Army (of the Republic, No. f\ 222
10th Ave., N. K, Minneapolis, Mnin.,
Strongly Endorses Lyc^ia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound.
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — Your Vegetable Compound cured me i
«f ulcention of the womb, and getting such a complete cure I felt that 1
the medicine had genuine merit and was well worth recommending
to other sick women.
" For fifteen years I have been your friend. I have never written you
before, but I have advised hundreds of women to take your medicine, in
fact it is the only real reliable remedy I know of for a sick woman, j
" I have not yet found a case of ovarian or womb trouble which
has not been relieved or cured by the faithful use of Lydia E.
Pinkhamjs Vegetable Compound.
" You have brought health.to hundreds of women in Minneapolis as
you have no doubt to others over the country." — Mrs. Ellen Ripley.
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENUINE.
When women are 'troubled with irregular or painful menstruation,
weakness, leucorrhcea, displacement or ulceration of the womb, that bear-
ing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache, flatulence,
general debility, indigestion, and nervous prostration, they should
remember there is one tried and true remedy. T^ydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
, No other medicine in the world has received such widespread and
unqualified endorsement. "No other medicine has such a record of curea
of female troubles. Refuse to buy any other medicine.
EAILWAT .TaAVEIi.
NEW ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) ¦ '
1/bavk — Fbom Apkil 20, 1902. — abmt«
7.00a Benlcla, Suisun, Elmlra and Sacra- "
mento :...- 6-55r
. 7.00a Vacavllle, Winter*. Ruraaey: : 7-65r
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, |
Kapa, Callstoga, Santa Rosa. 6-25r
8- 00a Davla, Woodland, KnighM Landing,
Marysvllle, Orovllle 7-55P
800 a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Nllcs, Latbrop, Stockton 7.25p
8.00a Klles, Mendota, Hanford, Visalla,
Portervllle >* 4B5f
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), ¦\V111owb,
. - Red BlaS, Portland : 7.65r
8-30a San Jose, Livcrmore, Stockton,
¦* lone, Sacramento, Placenrllle,
Marysville, Cblei, Ked Bluff 4.25r
8.30a Oakdale,Chlneae,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.26p
9.00a Vallejo 12.25p
900 a Los Ansel es Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Kormond,Fre8no and Los Angeles 8-25a
9-30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 755r
t1 0.00 a Hay ward, Klles and Way Stations. tl265r
10-00 a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago 6.25p i
|1.00p Sacramento River Steamers HLOOp
3. OOp Benicia, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, K nights Landing,
Marysville, Orovllle...; 10.55a
3.30p Hay ward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.5SP
4. OOp Martinez, San Ramon, ValleJo.Napa,
• CallBtoga, Santa Rosa... 925a
4. OOp Nlles, Llvermore, Stockton. Lodl.. 12.25p
4.30p Hayward.NlleB.SanJose.Llvermore t8 55a
i 4.30i> The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
, Bakerifleld. Saugua for : Santa
Barbara, Lob Angeles...... 8.55a
6-OOp PortCostt,Tracy.Lathrop,StocktoQ 1025a
o.QOp Martinez, Antlocb, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno...:....... 12-25p
, t5.30p Nlles Local 7.26a
6.00p Hsyward, Nlles und San Jose 7.55a
tS.OOP Vallejo. ; 11.25a
6. OOp Oriental Mail — Ogden, ' Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago....... 4-25F
¦ 700p San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations...;.... 11.25a
J7.00p Vallejo 7.65*
8.05? Oregon & California Express— Sac*
. ramento, ' Marysvllle, - Redding,
__ . Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 8.55a
_ 19.1 OP Hayward and Nllea. til -65a
COAST LINE (Harrow Gauge).
¦ . (Foot of Market Street.)
17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion $8.05r
8.15a Kewnrk, Centerville, San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
.' Cruz and Way Stations........... ; 5.50'
t2.15r- Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
. New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
" • • Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations...... 10.50a
4.15p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t850A
M.15p Ban Jose. Log Gatos. Santa Cru»... c8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Blip 8)
- — tf:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 $8:00
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12-00 2.00 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge).
¦ . • (Third and TownBcnd Streets.) . .
' 6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a.
t700A San Jose and Way Stations. t8C0A
7.00a New Almaden..... y4.10p
J7.1 5a Monterey Excursion +8.30P
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
. . •- Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,
' Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-45P
800a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
• ' Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Oblspo and Principal intermedl*
¦ ate Stations ".;........... 4.10p
: 10.30a San Jose and Way Stations - 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations * 9.46a ¦
a1 .30p ; San Jose and Way Stations ......... a7.00>
t2.45p San Mateo, Sedwood, Palo Alto. .
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
. * ¦ . Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
•¦ Grove................ .....t10.45A
3-30p San Jose, Del Monte, Pacific Grove, -
¦- Santa Cruz and Way Stations.... 7.30r
t4.13p San Joee and Principal Way Stations 5.30p
t5.00p San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal :
: ¦ '. '• Way Stations.. ... t9.00A
E-30p San Jose aadPrlnclpalWay Stations 6.30p .
6.30p San Jose and Way Stations..... .... 7 -2Q?
¦ 7.00P . New Orleans Express — San Luis '„¦¦..
' ' . Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An* .
uteles, Deming, El Paso, New
. Orleans and East.... 1030a
«11.45p San Jose and Way Stations.
A for Morning. -, P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. .• "
\ ' a Saturday only. ¦ c Monday only.
: • b Saturday and ¦.:•':' /Tuesday and Friday.
• •¦:--• Sunday only. ' -.- ¦¦'¦'¦, ._ ¦¦:¦.-.;¦. - :
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive
> San Fran. Foot of Market St. ¦ San Fran.
9:30a. 8:00 a. j -s - B * mdH i <w --. liai) 12:15 P. 9:15a.
0 £p p : 4St p : W&
' ..t.:r... 2:30 p. -.¦'.0p«««»t>»yrt«M4.v^ g:15p. .;.;.r..:
' " SATURQAYS 01LT-Le*T« Tinn »t30 r. mrrin 8n fnxtoo 11* r. ~
" Ticket OOott, tit MARJLBT bTRBET ni BAUSAUT0 FEBRT. .
7:30 a
8:30 p
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
:i ~~- 1 Local I Llm'd Ovrl'd I Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05p 2:35 p 3:15a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
- " Viaalia... 3:3:) p 6:00a
"'Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
••- Chicago.. ...... 2:15p 9:00p ;
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and -Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. __^^____^ |
"NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. *"* i>il *'*
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. *7:45.- 8:45. 9:30, 11-00
a. m.. 12:20. -1:45.. 3:15. 4:15..*O:15. •6:15
6:45. 6:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a, m. does not
run to Mill Valley. • ' . • w
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00 »10:00 11-00.
11:30 a. m., 12:30, n:30. 2:30. 'S^S. 6-fo 6 : 00
7:30.9:45, 11:45 p. m. ' W *
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
'FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40. 8:15 *9-30*
11:00 a. m.. 12:25..2:15. »3:30, 4:40, 5:30, 6 : 45'
10:16 p. m.
•t SUNDAYS— 6:00. 'S:©©, 9:30. »ll:00 a. m
•12:00 m., 1:00, 2:15. »3:30. 4:15. »5:45 6-45
7:30. 10:15 p.- m. • ., ¦. .. : , * '.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40, 6:40, 7:45 8^25 9-45
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 6:10. 5:20* 710
10:15 p. m. . . ' . ', • •*•>"•
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55, 10:05. 11:10 a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00, 6:05. 7:15. loTio
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a, m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. -- *
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.- ¦ *
5 :15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptedi
—Tomalea and way stations. * "*
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero • and wav
stations. .;.- - u *
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point" Reyes and way
stations. ; ¦ ;
p Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. - v
Can $l;OODer Year
¦¦¦fir-"..- -¦'" ¦ ¦--:' - .- . *-. ,.**•
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTELM RY. CO
I_iE3SSB3B3S
SAN FRANCISCO ANi3 NORTH PAC1FIS
- ': RAILWAY COMPAXT.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FKAXCISCO TO SAN RAPAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 6:10. 8:30 p. m.. Thursdays — Extra trip
at ll:S0 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 Rnd 11:30 p m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY&— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Saturday*
—Extra trip« at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
„ Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Franciacol Ma/ 4. 1902. ISaa Franciaco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Day a. | days. | tlon. | days. [ Day».
7:3Ca 8:00a Ignacto 9:10a 8:40a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Kovato 6:05 p 6:20 9
' 7:35 p
¦7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma. 10:40 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 0:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 6:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton " •
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg . 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservlll«
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:33 p 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30plS:0Opl Uklah |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 a[ 8:00 a| WUUU |7:35p|6:20p }
7:30 at 8:00 al Guernevllla I 7:35 p|10:20 »
3:30 p| 5:00 p| . |10:40 a| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8-40 a
6:10 p[ 5:00 pt Glen Ellen | 8:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a] Sebaatopol 110:40 a 110:20 »
8:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 9
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at GeyservlUe for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Booneville: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights Hullvllle Orr'«
Hot Springs. Half-way House. Comptche.
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usal; at Willlta for Sher-
wood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle Curomlngs.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's Dyer, Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka. ' -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAKXY ST. Established
In 1S3-* for the treatment of I'rivata
Diwiises, Lost Manhood. Debility or
dlwasi* wearliifon body ami mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures wh«n
others fait. 1 Try him. rhargps low.
<:urr«tuarnntrrd. Cull or writ*.
JDr. J. r. «iIBBON. San Francisco. CaL
OOCOCeQCOOOCOOe«O6OG3OO©«fiCQOOCOO6©S3e©9OCOODOC9O93©00CGOO©QO©©CC(
0 , • /.':¦¦ ; ' .aemw 8 I
S.....g T0 CALL slJBS c R | BER s ONLY. r 0M * i
Every person contracting tc take The Call for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET OF !
"OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE " j
For $3.2O. ;
Books will be expressed to subscribers upon 1 receipt of $3.20. Expressage at subscriber's expense. <
Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15. I
AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVERY LIBRARY! J
AN ORNAMENT TO ANY DRAWING ROOM! , J
A SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de- <
lights of travel without its inconveniences. . <
Tin . «g»i»i^?s*» t ; J
THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. |
AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. % j
• ' !; ~!^P ~ • INTRODUCED BY . <
MAJOR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, I
UNITED STATES ARMY. : j
With Special Descriptive- Matter and Narratives by '' <
:;j O S E ID E OLIVARES, j
The Noted Author and War Correspondent. <
Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian t
Stories. ' . - I
EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE !
PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII <
AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- t
TIONS, HOMES OF THE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- <
PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES *
RIVERS, VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM- j
PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- 5
ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE 5
With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the -declaration of war, by Senators Proctor
Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as \
they now exist. ¦. - ¦ , ¦ . • "
•'ifc. ';. ;-. v - :.: ; " J . Edited and arranged byl • j
"VST "M. . S . BRYA :M ; J
Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu <
manity," Etc., Etc. ,,-,• . <
/ PHOTOGRAPHS BY J
WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED. W. FOUT, GEO. -;;E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. |
COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. \
REGULAR PRICE $15.00 PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. <
Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special. Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps. !
ETN. B.— Only subscribers to Daily Call are entitled to these at premium rate. All , mail orders J
must be accompanied by $320, and books will be shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid by!
subscriber at destination. ' v > / - - ¦ . • - J - ; J
RAILWAY TRAVEIu
;, A most important discovery has been
made after a year's patient laboratory
: work aimed in a, certain direction. It is
Newbro's Herpicide, a preparation that
cures baldness, prevents falling hair and
speedily and permanently eradicates dan-
druff. Tliese evils are caused by a germ
or parasite that burrows lnio .the scalp,
throwing up dandruff, as it seeks to sap
theilile of the hair at the root. There's
no baldness without falling or thin hair,
no thin hair ¦without dandruff and no dan-
druff if the germ is destroyed. Newbro's
Herpicide is the only preparation that
.will do the work. "Destroy the cause, you
remove the effect."
ly" Kills the Dandruff Germ.
A Clinical Preparation That Positive-
IMPORTANT SCIENTIFIC DISCO V-
. ERY.
the RocKies !™™™B
if you go east via Denver and the Burlington
Route. Their snow-capped peaks are visible
almost all the way from Salt Lake City to Den-
ver. For 700 miles the grand panorama of the
Rockies is unrolled before your eyes. ;
Through sleepers, Saa Francisco to Chicago daily. .
Through tourist sleepers, three times a week, Omaha,
Chicago, Kansas City. St. Louis— EVER YWH ERE east.
W. D. SANBORN, Genera? Agent 631 Market Street, San Francisco, California.
¦'"' ' .¦¦¦
ADVERTISEMENTaEben J. Wood.
MODESTO. May 19.— Eben J. Wood died
here last night.. He was a pioneer. of the
State, bavlnsr arrived in 1S49-
SACRAMENTO, | May ; 19.— A fifty-mile
match race has been\ arranged". between
the Bay City Wheelmen' and Capital City
Wheelmen,; to -take .place at Agricultural
Park; in Sacramento on June 8 ipr a chal
lenge'cup/v^ *^" ; - ' ¦:•--•'•' ¦ • ;• ; ..- ¦. Iv v
':'¦'.-'¦ T. ¦ . ' : . "• . ¦•
Fiftv-Mile Match Race.
Andrew Jackson, a trial juror, brought
suit yesterday for a writ Tof mandate
compelling Auditor Harry Baehr to audit
his' warrant' for thirteen days'- service as
a Juror in Judge Cook's court. The suit
Is brought for* the purpose of. determining
whether v jurors .are: entitled to. fees ;only
for actual service or. for attendance. •
Brings a Test Suit.
S. I. Pield.
SANTA ANA. May 19.— S. I. Field, a
pioneer of McPherson, died there > es
terday. aged 71 years. Field was a na
tive of New York, but came West in early
days. He was prominently identified with
the pioneer life of the plains/taking the
first mall route through to Denver. He
Is survived by a widow, a daughter. and
six sons.
Appraisers' Esport Shows That Cattle
man Left Property Worth
* $384,802.63.
The estate of George D. Bliss, the prom
inent cattleman, who died recently, has
been appraised at $384,802 63. It consists of
the following: . ,...— ,
Cash, $22,371 03; property in Butchers' res
ervation and Potrero, $12,067; timber lands In
Tulare County, $106,400; Madera County ranch,
$70,710; cattle and farming implements, $127,
b92; real estate /on Pacific avenue.' near Polk
street, $2S,&C0; stock in ditch' companies, $6387,
and promissory notes, $3875. . ¦ -
ESTATE OF G. D. BLISS
IS VERY VALUABLE
J. Nathaniel Brittan, capitalist, who re
sides at the Pacific Union; Club, secured
a search warrant from. Judge Cabaniss
yesterday to regain possession of an Alex
andrite stick pin valued at ?35, which he
alleges is being unlawfully held by "John
Doe" Ringo, agent for a book concern in
the Flood building. -..
Brittan went to the Helping Hand Mis
sion on Sacramento street on the night
of April 1 to buy some meal ¦tickets, as
he found them helpful when beggars im
portuned him for money. He got mixed
up in a crowd. at the door and some one
stole the pin. He values it highly for Its
associations, and made every effort to
recover it by visiting pawnshops, and re
cently discovered that it had been pawned
and sold by a pawnbroker to Ringo, who,
he pays,' Insists upon getting $75 before
parting with it. . v
J. Nathaniel Brittan, Capitalist, Ob-
tains a Search Warrant for
Its Becovery.
HIS PIN IS STOLEN AT
'¦ " HELPING HAND MISSION
;; . I desire to :_ thank ' the*; Councilman ''for this
vote. ( I believe they : acted In ¦ response to • the
wishes of: the people, of - •
SBS^M^^^^"- ¦¦'.¦"¦¦¦•¦ ;
. ; The '¦: vote ,was " taken; ..Councilman Bon
being '. the ¦ only >; absentee. 7, After passage
President Keller said: >, . .:*:
Tho Santa Fe people have not mentioned
what else they will do, -but they are coming
heru to do business and will 0 have all neceb
bary facilities.. They will construct ¦• a first
class desot, and I am ', satisfied the company
lnt*nds to connect with a bay ferry service ti
enlarge and to expand j in other directions. . It
is true the .Santa fFe- doesn't promise - to do
much here, rbut It' hasn't asked very, much
only tovpuf a double track '-where- a ' single
one has existed for twenty years as a nuisance.
After consultation with the representatives
of the Santa Fe Katlroad, 1 can say that the
cortuiany is willing to lay its tracks so theV
will be tlUBh with the street and that It is also
willing, to construct, at a cost of $1000, a cul
vert across Temeacal Creek, full street width.
We arenot willtoc to agree to ¦ maintain the
street In repair, irom curb -to curb, as the
Council ' has asked, because it would establish
a precedent for other cities which would cost
millions to carry out. •¦;¦;•¦ •
The company is perfectly willing to abide by
the law of the State and of the city to keep
the, streets between, the tracks and two feet
on each.eldfe In repair. \ : .
The first transcontinental railroad to
gain entrance into Oakland since the Cen
tral . Pacific came thirty-three years ago
is the Santa Fe system, which secured to
night, through the Oakland and Eust Side
Railroad, a franchise for a. right-of-way
into' this city over the line now owned by
the California and Nevada Railroad. Th-j
City Council voted the franchise ordinance
to final passage " to-night by unanimous
vote of the ten members. present. Mayor
Anson'Barstow affixed his approving sig
nature immediately after\the ordinance
was passed and it- became a law. Before
the measure was put to a vote M. J. Kel
ler, president of the ; Oakland and East
Side Railroad, addressed the Council, say-
Ing: . . , • .. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 19.
VINITA, I. T.. May 19.— Word was re
ceived here to-day of the death from con
sumption of Lieutenant R. C. Day, at San
Isidro, Luzon. Day was captain of Troop
L, Rough Riders, during the Cuban cam
paign, and 'was promoted by President
Roosevelt for gallantry at San Juan Hill.
He was Treasurer of Neuva Ecija Prov
ince when he died. The family live at
Colorado Springs.
DENVER, Colo.. May ID.— A special to
the News from Colorado Springs. Colo..
says: Captain R. C. Day, was well known
In Colorado Springs, his real name being
Holla C. Dwinnell. He was th<i son of
Mrs. Ella C. Dwinnell, who for a number
of years was State president of the Wo
man's Relief Corps. He left Colorado
Springs in 1SD6 and went to Oklahoma,
where he went into business. While there
he became prominent and was elected to
the county bench. When the Spanish-
American war broke out he joined Roose
velt's rough riders. He saw consider
able service in Cuba and was severely
wounded. He was warmly commended by
Colonel Roosevelt, who said that he was
the bravest man he had ever known. For
his distinguished service in the field he
was given a captain's commission in the
regular army. He went with his regi
ment, the Thirteenth Infantry, to the
Philippine Islands and became a member
of General Funston's staff. He Is survived
by his mother, a brqther and sister, who
reside in this city.
Lieutenant R. C. Day.
Oakland to Have Term
inus of Another Transr
continental Road.
"SVAXT MORTGAGE CANCELED.— William
7. Thoir-as and. Eva Thomas are suing J. H.
Btebblns for the cancellation of a mortg&R«
on a piec« of property in Solano County which
they allege Stebbins obtained from them by
The Grand Temple of the Rathbone'Sis
ters, the Jadles 1 auxiliary of the Knights
of Pythla's, will convene this morning at
10 o'clock at Native Sons' Hall, Mason
street," near Post. ' Eighty delegates and
seventy-five or -eighty- members of the
Grand Temple will be in attendance. The
grand officers are as follows:
Past erand chief. Juliet Stlbbens; grand
thief* Mrs. -Lily Samuels; grand senior,- Mrs.
Ella Prlngle-; grand junior, Mrs. Maud Shee
han; grand manager, Mrs. Anna Wyatt; grand
manager of records and correspondence. Mrs.
I.oiilse Holmes; grand manager of finance. Mrs.
Eva Simpson; grand protectr.r, ¦ Mrs. Clara
Martin; grand outer guard, Mrs. Mary Mar
w!ck. . .] ¦¦ ¦ :.
The following past grand chiefs and su
preme representatives will also be pres
ent: :.
Lydia A. -Monroe, Marie H. Weldon, Mary
Alvord ¦ Fitzgerald, supreme 1 5 representatives.
Far.t grand chiefs— Sollle Wolf, Georgia Guth
rie, Ada Merguire and Mellssia Maddern. \
The session will last about four days.
Pythias Will Open Session in
Native Sons' Hall To-Day.
Ladies' Auxiliary of Knights : of
Other speakers were W. H. Jordan,
Judge Carroll Cook, Sir Knight Collins,
past grand registrar of the priory of the
Dominion of Canada, G. Flint, Samuel
M. Shortridge and T. L. Ford.
At the banquet the new commander
was introduced by the retiring command
er. He was . followed by Generalissimo
Campbell, who at the close of. a brilliant
review of Golden Gate Commandery un
der the leadership of Commander H. D.
Loveland presented him on behalT,of the
organization a past commander's gold
jewel set with a diamond, also a beautiful
diamond ring.
Robert Bruce Moore, eminent commander:
Robert Willis Campbell, generalissimo; Phil
D. Code, captain -general; Dr. A. W. McKen
zle, senior warden; John Bo:inett. Junior war
den; W. D. Keystone, treasurer; Theo Frollch,
recorder; C. M. Smith, prelate; W. L. Growall,
standard bearer; A. B. Wood, sword bearer;
A. J. de Lamare, 'warder; W. H. Smith, senti
nel; C. H. Van Orden, G. K. Porter and A.
W. Turpln, ruards.
The officers of Golden Gate.Command
ery No. 16, Knights Templar, were Installed
in Golden Gate Asylum last night by
Right Eminent Commander W. F. Pierce,
assisted by Jonathan M. Peel as marshal.
After the induction of the following
named into office there was a banquet,
which was partaken of by nearly 200 peo-
Ple:, i ¦ . ;
Retiring Commander Is Made the
Recipient of a Handsome
Jewel.
F. E. Morse, keeper of a lodging-house
at 468 Eddy street, has been missing for
the last week and his friends have asked
the. police to aid in locating him. He is
eaid to have been drinking heavily for
several days before his disappearance and
the police believe be Is still continuing his
spree.
Missing for One "Week.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that the charter
gives no power to the board to Increase
the salaries fixed for the deputies or em
ployes in county offices. Lane says a. sal
ary fixed by the charter cannot be
changed by the legislative act of a mu
nicipal body.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
No Power to Raise Salaries.
SANTA FE GAINS
RIGHT OF ENTRY
PHOENIX. Ariz.. May 19.— Tomas Co«
dova shot Bias Glllan as the latter slept
lut night. The tragedy occured five
miles from Buckeye, in the western part
of this county. The two men had quar
reled over a woman, who left Cordova to
live with Gillan on his ranch near Buck
eye. When Cordova learned of her where
abouts he made preparations to kill Gil-
Ian and escape from the country. He
bcught a new pair of shoes and drew the
nails so. there would be no Imprint In the
sand. After the tragedy he fled.-
Murders a Sleeping Man.
WASHINGTON, May 13.— The Senate, in
executive session, after discussion to-day
rejected the nomination of John S. (Yost
of Rathdrum, Ida., to be register of the
Land Office at Coeur d'Alene, Ida. Both
Senators Heitfeld and Dubols opposed the
nomination.
Yost's Nomination Rejected.
WOODLAND, May 19.— A Sacramento
officer took to Sacramento this afternoon
a young man Who was arrested at Cache
ville and lodged in the county jail.- Ho
answers to the description of "Scotty"
Graham, wanted In Sacramento for the
murder of Louis Birchler last Wednesday.
May Be "Scotty" Graham.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR INSTALL
OFFICERS FOR THE TERM
the Continent. The Tafts expect to return
about the first of August.
* ' *
Mis* Flora Chestnut was the hostess at a
very enjoyable, card party last Friday even
ing at her home in Piedmont. After - several
Karr.es of whist, a delicious s;ipper was served,
during which Miss Chestnut was the subject
of many pretty and clever toasts, Friday be
ing the anniversary of her birth. After supper
dancing was Indulged in until a late hour.
Th? guests were: Miss Winnifred Kady, Miss
Mabel Pomeroy, Miss Laura Lemiert, Mlfia
Ernfrfcltne Lemiert. Miss Mabf 1 Smyth. Mls3
Theresa Daul. Miss Amy Deacon, L. La Fevre,
Fred Butterfleld. Rufus Smith, Mr, Graham.
Claud Pugh. Dr.. G. E. Pomeroy, P. . H. Rosen
lielm. Dr. M. Harvey Captain C. Fulton and
Rollln Petty.
ItATHBONE SISTERS GBAND
i TEMPLE IS TO CONVENE
The concert for the benent of the building
fund of the King's Daughters at the Macdon
ough Theater next /Thursday evening promises
to be one.' of the most pleaFlng events that
Oakland has had for some time. The pro
gramme is to be an unusually One one, such
artists as MUs Julia Helnrlch, contralto; Ar
thur Weiss, 'cellist, and Frederick Maurer,
pianist, having promised to assist. The
Orpheus and Hughes clubs will also be heard.
Nearly all- of the most prominent society
ladles of Oakland are interested in the Home
for Incurables, which was recently destroyed
by flre. and they are working with untiring
zeal to add to the rapidly increasing building
fund. Plans for the new home are already be
ing discussed and it is proposed to -make it
one of the creditable features of Oakland' In
tho way of architecture.
JEsterbrooke's private yacht, but the little ves
sel was riavnapred In a collision Friday evening,
so a launch was chartered and a delightful
' ride, around the bay .was enjoyed. They stop
, petl at El Campo for a few hours and -lls
cuheed ¦ the very tempting lunch provided by
th» hospitable host out under the trees.
The young people were chaperoned by Mls3
Mary Alexander, Other guests In the party
were: Miss Florence White. Miss' Jacqueline
Moore, Miss Marian Goodfellow, Miss Marlon
Smith. Miss Bessie . Palmer, Miss Pearl King.
Miss Winifred Burdge. Miss Grace Sperry and
Messrs. Bert Remmel. Bert Brown, Harold Ha
ven. Lloyd Lacy. Edw^n Oliver, Frank Kutz
and Mr. Klerulft.
* • ' •
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton will be the guest
. of Mrs. James L. Crittenden at the Ebell
luncheon Tuesday. The talented,, writer has
many admirers among those who will be pres
ent at the luncheon, who will be delighted
with this opportunity to satisfy" a very par
donable curiosity and to greet one of the clev
erest women of the day.-
. A' number, of young people from Oakland
were the guests of Mr. Arthur Esterbrooke of
Alameda Saturday afternoon at a launch par
ty. The party was to have taken a sail in Mr.
SACRAMENTO. May 19.— It is rumored
that the person wearing a mask who shot
James Markham on Saturday night as he
was approaching his home was a woman
disguised as a man. It is said a certain
young woman was desperately in love
with Markham and that her affection wa3
not reciprocated.
Footpad May Have Been a Woman.
WILLOWS, May. 19.— The members of
the Chico Lodge of Elks, known as the
"Westside Herd," and the citizens of Wil
lows have made arrangements for a circus
on July 4. Committees have been sent
to Stockton and Fresno to gather infor
mation regarding the Elks' circuses in
those cities and to enlist the services of
professional men. Frank Freeman has
been selected as general manager.
Chico Elks Plan a Circus.
SANTA ROSA, May 19.— Luther Black
of Caspar came to this city on Friday to
accept a position in the lumber mill. He
began work that morning, and within a
few_ hours had sustained injuries from
which it is not believed he will ever re
cover. Black attempted to pass under the
huge, belt which runs from the engine
and connects with the main shaft. Before
he had fully cleared the belt he evidently
raised from the stooping posture he had
assumed in the narrow passage. The belt
struck him on the head and hurled him
many feet. His head struck some heavy,
timbers^ fracturing the skull and badly
lacerating his scalp. Black has a wife
and large family in Caspar.
Fatally Hurt in a Mill.
PORTLAND, Or., May 19.— Professor
Eugene L. Schaefer, senior master at the
Bishop Scott Academy, a school conduct
ed under the auspices of the Episcopal
Church, committed suicide to-day with a
revolver. His body was found seated in
a chair in one of the classrooms at 9
o'clock this morning.
Professor Schaefer was 55 years of age,
of scholarly attainments and had been
employed in the academy ten years. He
had not been re-engaged for the coming
year, and it is supposed that this caused
his despondency. Professor Schaefer
came from Bethlehem, Pa., and for some
time was employed in the engineering de
partment of the Union Pacific Railroad.
Commits Suicide "With
Revolver.
Senior Master of a Portland Academy
ENDS LIFE BECAUSE
HE LOSES POSITION
Two carloads of foreigners left the
Hazleton region to-day. Most of them
were booked for New York, whence they
will sail for their native countries. Most
of the foreigners will seek work . in the
bituminous region.
They will meet here on Wednesday.
Judging by the action of the union during
the last strike, when efforts were made
to stop the shipment of soft coal Into an
thracite territory, it is not unlikely that
the miners may take similar action within
the next few days.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 19.—Presi
dent John Mitchell of the United Mine
Workers of America arrived here from
Hazleton shortly after 9. o'clock to-night
and established strike headquarters at
the Hotel Hart. The national president
stated that so far as the miners' side of
the controversy was concerned the situ
ation had not changed In the least.
Mitchell's attention was called to tho
fact that the city of Philadelphia had
contracted for a supply of bituminous
coal to take the place of the anthracite
which had been cut off by the railroad
companies furnishing it. In reply to a
que&tion as to whether the mine workers
would attempt to prevent the shipment of
soft coal to places where hard coal Is
used, he said:
"Considering the proposition in a, gen
eral way, I will say that we do not desire
to make any city a victim or have any
person suffer because of our quarrel with
the coal companies."
He was pressfd for a more explicit
statement, but refused to go in it any
deeper, except to say that it was a mat
ter which would have to be settled by the
three executive boards of the anthracite
fields.
The conference report was agreed to.
Perkins. Warren and Tillman were ap
r-ointed conferees on the fortifications ap
propriation bill.
The Senate, at 2:05 p. m., on motion of
Lodsre, went into executive session, and
at 3:25 p. m. adjourned.
Hoar declared that It was Just as dis
reputable on the part of a great and rich
Government like the United States to re
fuse to pay these claims as It would be
for him or any other Senator to refuse
to pay for a house he had ordered built.
Warren explained that the Selfridge
board claims had been omitted from the
bill, the House refusing to agree to them.
Warren then presented the conference
report on the omnibus claims bill. The
report shows that the House had agreed
to $1,405,393 of the amount added by .the
Senate, so that the amount carried by the
measure as agreed to Is ?1,618,498.
"The Congress of the United States is
more likely to cede back the valley of the
Mississippi to the lawful heirs of Napo
leon the Great than to leave the Philip
pine archipelago to become the prey of
anarchy or the prize of some European
power."
In conclusion Dolliver said;
OMNIBUS CLAIMS BILL.
Dclliver then paid a beautiful tribute to
th«- late President McKinley and his pol
icy in the Philippines, saying that in Mc-
Kinley's policy there was not a note of
gieed or covetousness. He (Dolliver) had
tcund it difficult, as he had heard the
terms "thieves," "murderers," "plunder
ers"' and "carpet-baggers" flung reckless
ly from the lips of Democratic statesmen,
to determine just where he was — whether
he really was in the Senate of the United
Slates. William McKinley had put the
stal of his approval upon the holding of
the Philippines by the United States in
trust for their inhabitants. And, he said,
the action of McKiniey was pregnant
with greatness and humanity. He said,
the Philippine Insurrection as a military
preposition, was- a -thing of- the past- -
Dolliver declared that no Republican on
party grounds would ask for a cessation
of hostilities in the Senate, for every man
must know that no political advantage
could be gained by an attack upon the
array of the United States.
The charge has been made, he said,
that the Government had entered upon a
wicked conspiracy against ten million peo
ple. He had listened to the malicious
Ura.de through which an attempt has been
made to impeach the members of this
Government. He was satisfied that the
party in power could make its way
through this volcano of malevolence and
rualicC without harm to it.
A bill providing for the retirement of
Surgeon General Sternberc as a major
£€iieral was passed. At the conclusion of
routine business consideration was re
sumed of the Philippine government bill.
Dolliver of Iowa addressed the Senate in
support of the measure. He said the
pending bill presented the most important
and comprehensive work since the Civil
War. And yet, he said, he was disap
pointed that not a single helpful sugges
tion had been made by the minority.
They had satisfied themselves with a
thunderstorm that sounded loud, but in
effect amounted to little. He suggested
that the Democrats had evinced a studied
avoidance of the real matter in hand.
STERNBERG TO RETIRE.
A partial disagreement on tne omnibus
claims bill was reported and the bill again
stnt to conference.
A joint resolution was offered by Stew
art and adopted providing that that part
cf the Indian appropriation bill, wnich
relates to subjecting to entry certain
mining lands in the Spokane Indian res
ervation shall take effect when the allot
ments to the Indians are completed.
The letter of the French Government,
tranfcmitted through Embassador Choate
to the Secretary of State, expressing the
thanks of that Government for the sym
pathy evinced in the United States to
ward the volcano sufferers, was laid be
fore the Senate and referred to the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations.
WASHINGTON, May 19.-Only a brief
time was devoted by the Senate to-day
tc consideration of the Philippine govern
ment bill. Dolliver of Iowa supported the
bill, which, he said, was one of the most
important pieces of constructive legisla
tion presented since the Civil War. He
arraigned the Democratic minority for Its
opposition to the measure. He Insisted
that the Philippine insurrection, as a mil
itary proposition, was a thing of the past,
and declared that under no circumstances
would the United States relinquish the
Philippines.
. son, who helped the Ebell Society
when It was In its infancy and honored it
with her consent to be the first executive,
will be present. Miss Culbertson does not
reside in Oakland now, but she keeps
alive the interest she has always felt in
her early-day club, and has followed
tho upward career of the Ebell with the
zest of a new-fledged member.
In Miss Culbertson's • honor a musical
programme Is to be provided. Mrs. Er
nest Lachmund, who has. just returned
from Berlin, will render two numbers on
the piano, "Andante Spinato" and the
"Grand Polonaise." Mrs. F. Augustus
Berlin will sing the "Inspirez Moi" from
"La Reine de Saba," by Gounod, and J.
Hoyt Toler will sing a selection from the
wcrks of Gino Sarti. *
Extra interest in the affair will be felt
on account of the reports that will come
from the delegates who attended the re
cent convention at Los Angeles. Ad
dresses will be delivered by these telling
of their work and experiences. ./
Mrs. James L. Crittenden Is chairman
of the programme committee, and Mrs.
Willard Williamson has been appointed to
act as hostess for the afternoon.
¦¦ lu " • ¦ » » .
The friends of Miss Mae Burdge will be sur
prised to learn of her rather unexpected de
parture last Wednesday for Europe. It was
h<?r intention to go a little later, but changed
her plans to go with the Tafts. She will ac
comrany Mrs. and Miss Barrington of New
York as far as Chicago, wh<>re she will Join
Mr. and Mrs. Taft and Mi«res Crissie and
Dorothy Taft. The party will sail on the Au
gusta Victoria May 22. Miss Burdge Vlll be
met in Paris by Miss Florence Nightingale
an-1 then they will begin a year of travel on
OAKLAND, May 19.— The Ebeh Is
going to entertain its first presi
dent to-mororw afternoon at the
clubrooms. Miss Mary Culbert-
Democratic Minority Is Ar
raigned for Opposing
Legislation.
President John Mitchell Es
. tablishes Headquarters
at Hazleton.
Miss Mary Culbertson, Who Was the Organization's First
President and Worked Hard to Make It Successful, Will
Be Guest of Honor at Afternoon of Music and Sociability
Two Carloads of For-
eign Laborers Leave
for New York.
Senator Dolliver Says
Islands Will Not Be
Relinquished.
WARMLY DEFENDS
PHILIPPINE BILL
Refuses to Answer Ques
tion by Coroner
Mehrmann.
Accident Occurs During
Heavy, Early Morn
ing Fog.
Berkeley Physician Must Ap
pear Friday to Receive
Sentence.
Another , Passenger Steamer
Crashes Into a Rail
road Float
The boycott which has been maintained
against Ruediger & Loesch, the Larkln
street bakers, has been declared off by
the Bakers' Union. Mayor Schmltz acted
In this case as arbitrator. Ruediger &
I.oesch agreed that they would not dis
criminate between union and non-union
men.
Boycott Declared Off.
Joseph Griffiths, a porter for Bond Broth
ers, saloon-keepers at the intersection of
Sixth and Mission streets, was found ly
ing dead at the rear entrance to Schu
bert's saloon, at Sixteenth and Misston
streets, early yesterday morning. He had
been drinking in the place a short timo
previous. Death was caused by cirrhosis
of the liver. Griffiths was about 40 years
of age and unmarried.
Died Suddenly While Drinking.
The Election Commissioners met yester
day and appointed 640 precinct registration
officers who will serve In the various
precincts on July 14 and 13 and on Septenv
ber 15 and 16.
The contract for the erection of 100 elec
tion booths was awarded to Townley Bros,
on their bid to do the work for $94 50 for
each booth. The contract for printing the
precinct indexes was awarded to the Com
mercial Publishing Company at 10 cents
per name.
The board decided to appoint the pri
mary election officers at their meeting on
June 23. It was also decided that the reg
istration office at the City Hall shall re
main open after June 2 until 10 o'clock
p. m. for tho convenience of those de
siring to register. -
The total number of registrations to
date Is 10,904 as against 5118 for the corre
sponding period of 1900. .
Erecting Booths and Printing
Register.
Election Board Awards Contracts for
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
OFFICERS ARE APPOINTED
The ceremony was performed in the
presence of Wlnfleld Blake and Lillian
Coleman, members of the company. The
ceremony took place in the beautiful
suite of rooms occupied by the fair widow
at the Imperial Hotel on Powell street.
A romance that has been brewing at
Fischer's Burlesque Theater for the last
month blossomed Into a marriage yes
terday. Harry James, the youthful-look
ing orchestra leader of the popular play
house, has had his thoughts on affairs
that had nothing to do with the music of
"Fiddle Dee Dee." He has been In love,
and it was very difficult for him to con
ceal the fact. Yesterday he married Mrs.
Gladys Gardner McPherson, a wealthy
widow whom he met just two months ago.
The affection that sprung up between
these two people ripened into undying
love, and yesterday they were united by
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of the
Howard-street " Methodist Episcopal
Church.
to Mrs. Gladys Gardner
~ --• - McPherson. -
Harry James of Fischer's Is "Wedded
LEADER OF ORCHESTRA
MARRIES A FAIR WIDOW
The employes of the mailing division of
the local postofflce tendered a banquet
and excursion in honor of their chief, T.
J. Ford, superintendent of mall3, last
Sunday. The steamer St. Helena trans
ported the hosts and guests numbering
123, to Mare Island, where a short stop
was made. The party Inspected the points
of interest under the guidance of Da\e
Supple and Joseph Burson. A fine ban
quet was served on board during the trip,
an orchestra lending the charms of enliv- •
ening music to the repast.
On the return trip the cabin was cleared
and the formal programme held. Veteran
John Greenwell, master of ceremonies, on
behalf of the clerks presented Mr. Ford
with a beautiful silver tablet suitably In
scribed as a mark of respect of his asso
ciates. Mr. Ford responded with a sin
cere expression of his regard for the men I
in his division and his appreciation of the
honor shown him.
General Superintendent D. S. Richardson
Deputy Postmaster "Uncle Ben" McKin
ley, City Superintendent A. M. Cox, A.
W. Watts of the railway mail service,
and Cashier Ned O'Connor, who were also
guests made felicitous speeches. The)
latter responded to the popular senti
ment "The Sixteenth and the Thirty
first." Mr. Cox told of tne high esteem
in which Mr. Ford and his department are
held by the officials In Washington, this
office being held a model in appointments
and working efficiency.
Division.
Given by Members of Mailing
T. J. Ford Guest at Outing on Bay
FCSTOFFICE EMPLOYES
H0N0B SUPERINTENDENT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 19.
The question of whether Mrs. Carolina
Marsellis of West Berkeley was murdered
has been entirely subordinated to the
quarrel between Coroner Mehrmann and
Dr. Charles F. Gladding of West Berke
ley. Dr. Gladding Is In possession of the
deathbed statement of Mrs. Marsellia.
which will probably go far toward set
tling this question, and yet he absolutely
refused to-night to state to the Coroner
y/hat the woman had told him. As a re
sult of this refusal Coroner Mehrmann
placed Dr. Gladding under arrest and or
dered him to appear for sentence on Fri
day evening for contempt of the Coroner.
Coroner Mehrmann supports the autop
sy physicians, Drs. F. H. Payne and Hu
bert N. Rowell, 'that the bruises and rup
tures were ante-mortem, and does not
credit the statement made by Dr. Glad
ding that these marks were post-mortem.
Meanwhile Frank Lewis, who is other
wise known as "Jeff" Lewia, has ap
peared, but the only information that ha
will give is that he holds the same mys
tery as Dr. Gladding and that he will not
divulge what he knows.
NEW YORK, May 19.— The Staten Isl
and ferry-boat Middletown was in collision
with the steam yacht Aileen this morn
ing. The ferry-boat's cabin waa badly
damaged and J. C. Atterbury of New
Brighton, Staten Island, a passenger on
the Middletown, was killed. The ferry
steamer was loaded with passengers and
the collision created a great deal of ex
citement,' but no one else has been re
ported hurt. Both vessels were bound
up the bay when the yacht suddenly ap
peared out of the fog and struck the ferry
boat on the starboard side, just forward
of the wheelbouse. The bowsprit of the
vacht penetrated the men's cabin and
was broken off. Beyond this the yacht
apparently sustained no further damage
and proceeded on her .way. The Aileen
belongs to Richard Stevens of the New
York Yacht Club. ¦ „ "
The ferry-boat Mauch Chunk of the
Central Railroad of New Jersey collided
with a railroad float off the Battery to
day. The Mauch Chunk had a number or
passengers aboard and her captain did
not back out from the float for fear that
the water would rush in at the hole made
by the collision. The float and ferry-boat
drifted down the bay together, and as
there was a heavy fog were soon lost to
sight from shore. The ferry-boats East
ern and Castleton went out to stand by
the Mauch Chunk and take off the pas
sengers if necessary. *
All the passengers were taken, off the
Mauch Chunk by the Eastern and were
landed in Jersey City. • No one was hurt.
The float which collided with the Mauch
Chunk belonged to the Baltimore and
Ohio Railread. It was being towed by
the tug Eliconirie. There were about fifty
passengers on the ferry-boat, and for a
time there was much excitement.
CLOSING EXERCISES
AT MILLS COLLEGE
Graduates' Concert Will Be Given
This .Evening and Commence
ment Day Is Wednesday.
OAKLAND, May 19.— The closing con
cert at Mills College will be held to-mor
row evening at Lisser Hall, on the college
grounds: Following is the programme:
Chorus; cantata, "The Rose of Avontown."
Mrs.' E. A. Beach: soprano solo. Miss Ada
Hartley; Nocturne D Flat, Op. 18. No. 1 (Kar
ganoff). Mrs. Frances Grow; (a) "Good-By to
the Leaves" (Reginald de Koven), (b) "Yonder
Curtains Lightly Stirring" (Charles Davldoff).
Miss Inez Reams: "Adalgo and Rondo," from
Concerto No. 9 (De Berlot), Miss Genevleve
Dowsett; (a) "Music Box" (Lladow), (b) "Pre
lude" (Rachmaninoff), Miss Winifred Coombe;
(a) "The Asra" (Anton Rubenstein), (b) "Ths
Slumber Boat" (Jessie Gaynor), Miss Ceta Ben
nett: "Andante and Allegro." from Concerto
No. 23 (Viotti), Miss Viola Furth; miniatures;
"Theme and "Variations," ' Op. 56 (Ludv.
Schytte), Miss Genevleve Costa: (a) "Der
Thautropfen," (b) "Jagerlied" (Edward F.
Schneider). Miss Willie Finley; Sonata, Op. 20,
A Flat (Beethoven),' Theme and Variations,
Sherzo, Macla Funebre, Allegro, Miss Clara
Hodge; Andante and Allegromaestoso, from
Concerto No. 7 (De Beriot), Miss Willie Finley;
(a) "Dein Angesicht," (b) Volkslledchen"
(Schumann), Miss Gertude Holmes; Polonaise
No. 2, E Major (F. Liszt), Miss Hazel Boyd;
(a) "O Quiet Peace of Evening" (C. Reinecke),
(b) "Nymphs' Song" (DeMeglio), choral class.
The commencement day exercises which
Will be held "Wednesday* afternoon at 2:30
o'clock will include the following pro
gramme:
I*rayer, Rev. Charles R. Brown: chorus, "O
Quiet Peace of. Evening." C. Reinecke: ad
dress, Professor George Malcolm Stratton; cho
rus, (a) "By the Sea," (b) "Oh. Boat Upon
the Neapolitan airs harmonized by
Kees"; presentation of diplomas; conferring cf
degrees; doxology.
The graduates are as follows:
College — Emma Ida Dutcher, Gertrude Fair
bank Eells, Grace Foster Eclls, Theresa M.
Fredericks. Lotta Syblll Howe, Minnie Belle
Morrison, Mme. Emma Nevada, honorary
member.
. Kfmlnary — Sarah "Winifred Burdge, Adelaide
Furth, Frances Adele Grow, Leila Shurtleft
Hathaway. May Thurston Kluegel, Reubel
Frances Martin. ; Grace Marie McDonald, Mar-
Joric Moore. Carolyne E. Parsons, Grace Beat
rice Perry, Laura Reames, I.ucinda Reames,
J'ansy Tlffee Safford. Bessie Louise Smith. Vida
Adelaide Swain. Bertha Brooks Tombes, Erne
Williams. Clara "Wolford.
VINING'S SUCCESSOR WILL
BE APPOINTED ON FRIDAY
George F. Chapman of Newark, N. J.,
Will Possibly Be the New
Manager.
The successor of. E. P. Vining as man
ager of the United Railroads will be ap
pointed by the directors on Friday. It is
generally known that George F. Chapman,
who resigned his position with the New
aik (N. J.) Streetcar Company, will be
appointed to the post. •
Acting President Holland says that to
announce the successor of E. P. Vining
at this time would be- ill-advised, as no
¦action has yet. been taken by the direc
tors of the road. From his remarks, how
over, it could be clearly understood that
George F. Chapman is Holland's choice.
In answer to a question as to when the
all-night car service would go into effect
President Holland said the matter was
receiving careful consideration, and it
would be a question of only a short time
when the company would come to a final
decision.
Turned State's Evidence.
Kittle Nihill and Annie Barker, who
turned State's evidence against Joseph
King, the convict preacher, and Harry
Hamilton, held to answer on four
charges of burglary, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday, each having
been charged with burglary. The Judge
decided to continue their cases for thirty
days and allow them to go on ?20O bonds
each, as by that time the cases against
King and Hamilton may have been tried
in the Superior Court. The girls' mothers
and brother-in-law went on the bonds,
and they were released from custody.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, May 19.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Joseph Cardoza.
aged 23. Rodeo." and May Coldeiria, aged
19, Oakland; John M. New, aged 25, Tuol
umne County, and Maria K. Walker, aged
23, Oakland.
YACHT COLLIDES
WITH FERRY-BOAT
DR. GLADDING
IS ARRESTED
MINERS AWAIT
OWNERS' ACTION
EBELL SOCIETY WILL HONOR WOMAN
WHO GAVE IT HELP IN ITS INFANCY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1902,
CHAIRMAN OP THE PROGRAMME COMMITTEE AND SOME OF THOSE
WHO WILL ASSIST AT THE EBELL SOCIETY'S ENTERTAINMENT IN
HONOR OF ITS FIRST PRESIDENT, TO BE GIVEN THIS AFTERNOON.
C
9
ben levy & ea ™:s: r*
BOSTON, MASS.
Lablache Face Powder Is a positive
benefit to the skin. It freshens, dears,
beautifies. Restores and preserves the
natural softness of the skin, while ths
counterfeit powder will Injure the com-
plexion. "We ask that every lady using
Lablache Face Powder will examine the
label of the box carefully, and If In doubt
as to the genuineness of the powder, send
us the circular or the cover of the box, to-
gether with the name of the dealer from
whom the powder was purchased, and if
It Is the counterfeit, she will be advised
by. return mail, so that she can demand
that her money be refunded, and 'whoever
sold it will be prosecuted to the full ex-
tent of the law. Fifty cents per box of
all reliable druggists or by mall.
Who steal your money by forcing upon
you a dangerous counterfeit powder when
you ask for the genuine Lablache
Powder. Give your trade to honest and
reliable dealers who will sell you the gen-
uine Lablache Face Powder, the stand-
ard toilet powder, which is In general use
by the best and most dintinguished women,
not only in America, but also in London,
Paris, Dresden, Hongkong, Shanghai,
Japan and Manila, and, in fact, every-
where. Its virtues have been sounded by
Sarah Bernhardt, Mme. Emma Eames,
Mme. Emma, Calve, Mme. . Suzanne
Adams, Mile, Rea, Mile, de Lussan, Miss
Maude Adams, Miss Marguerita Sylva and
by bcores of other famous women of the
stage and in private life. <The genuine
Ladies, Be on Your Guard!
DENOUNCE THE RASCALS
"NO FRILLS"
Just Sensible Food Cured Him.
Sometimes a good, healthy commercial
traveler suffers from poorly selected food
tnd is lucky if he knows that Grape-Nuts
Breckfast Food will put him right.
A Cincinnati traveler, John N. Case Jr.,
«ays: "About a year ago my stomach got
:n a bad way. I had a headache most of
:hc time and suffered misery. For sev-
•ral months I ran down until I lost about
h pounds in weight and finally had to
five up & pood position and go home. Any
food that I might use seemed to nauseate
ac. /
"My wife hardly knew what to do until
)ne day she brought home a package of
3rapc-Nuts and coaxed me to try them.
t told her it was no use, but finally to
Rumor her I tried a little and they just
(truck my taste. It was the first food
;hat I had eaten in nearly a year that did
oot cause any suffering.
"Wejl, to make a long story short, I be-
t2n to improve and stuck to Grape-Nuts.
( went up from 125 pounds on Dec. 24, 1900,
.c 1M pounds on Oct. 5. 190L
"My brain Is clear, blood all right and
*ppetite too much for any man's pocket
»ook. In fact, I am thoroughly made over
md owe It all to Grape-Nuts. I talk so
r.uch about what Grape-Nuts will do that
tome of the men on the road have nlck-
:amed me 'Grape-Nuts,' but I stand to-
lay a. healthy, rosy cheeked man, a pretty
rood example of what the right kind of
&oa Will do.
"You can publish this If you want to,
t le a true statement without any frills."
GRAPE-NUTS.William It. Olinder, a blacksmith,'resid
ing in San Francisco, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday In the United States
District Court. He owes $881 and has no
Blacksmith Olinder Fails.
The West of Castro Street Improvement
Club filed a petition yesterday with the
Board of Supervisors against the viola
tion of the dollar limit upon any grounds
now existing. The club holds that the re
tail liQuor licenses might provide, if ad-
Justed, the needed funds.
Opposes Special Tax.
Eailroad Consolidates Departments
j.ne auaiung department of the South
ern Pacific Company has been, moved
from the Hobart building to the fourth
floor of the Wells-Fargo building. The
auditing department of Sacramento has
b?en moved to this city and has been con
Bolidated with the IoW officl Am^ng
those brought down from Sacramento is
Thomas Ball, who for many years has
been in charge of the motive power and
mechanical department of the Southern
Pacific Company at Sacramento. He will
hold a responsible position in the office
in this city.
A man giving his name as George Flen
nert Adams will be examined before
Ijnlted States Court Commissioner Hea
cock to-day on a charge of being In r>os-
Bession of four counterfeit dollar!. Ada^s
entered Carl Holzmuller's saloon at 2M9
Folsom street, last Saturday night and
changed a. ten-dollar gold piece, rlceiv^n
at hi* own request all silver in change
A few minutes after leaving the placed
returned and demanded tw! good dollars
tn exchange for two counterfeit ones he
ler called in Policeman Stanley when Ad
nms became boisterous, and the noiir-«
man found in Adams' pocket two addH
tional counterfeit dollars, making four m
£™JF e was t^eupon arrested and
turned over to the custodv of United
States Secret Sen-ice Agent Hazen.
Accuses Salocn-Xeeper Holzmuller cf
Giving Him Two Counterfeit
Dollars in Change.
MEW FLIM-IXAM GAME
THAT ADAMS REGRETS
Bert Nelson, driver of a milk wagon
testified yesterday that he saw the de
fendant and the old man near the door
way of 829 Howard street on the morninc
that Tucker's body was found. w J
McCarthy, a saloon-keeper on Montgom
ery street, testified that on the afternoon
of April 28 the defendant called at his sa
loon with a parcel and asked to be al
lowed to go to a room to k put on a 1 new
suit of clothes which he had just pur
chased. Detectives Regan, "Wren and
Reynolds were also examined, but their
evidence was unimportant. This closed
the case for the prosecution.
The preliminary examination of George
McFadden, charged with the murder of
aged Charles Tucker of Martinez in a
doorway at 829 Howard street April 28,
v.as concluded before Judge Mogan yes
terday and the Judge intimated that in
his opinion the prosecution had failed to
substantiate the charge. He said, how
ever, that he would carefully peruse the
evidence and render his decision to-mor
rcw.
Weak.
Opinion the Evidence Is
Judge Mogan Intimates That in His
MAY DISMISS MTJBDEB
CASE AGAINST McFADDEN
The board will meet, next Friday night
to consider the budget, when citizens will
be heard, and to consider the proposition
to hold a speciaj election to submit a
charter amendment providing for the sub
mission of all proposed bonded improve
ments in one election.
With the growing needs of the departments,
particularly the school, fire and police depart
ments, it is becoming yearly more difficult to
set money aside for permanent improvements
under the dollar limit As It Is possible that
the assessment roll may exceed your commit
tee's estimate and that there may be a small
surplus we recommend that your board make
a special appropriation for Improvements of
say $200,000 In addition to the estimate on
$405,000,000. We strongly indorse the resolu
tion to set aside $6500 to open Lyon etreet.
Your committee has heard many applica
tions from property owners and improvement
clubs and has decided to make no recommen
dation, but to refer the requests to the board
so that the money avgailable for Improvements
may be apportioned In the most suitable man
ner.
General office, salaries, etc., $24,180; bureau
light and water, $3600; Bureau of Buildings,
$3900; Bureau of Architecture, $13,510; Bureau
cf Streets. $20,100; corporation yard, $11,330;
maintenance of bridges. $6560; City Hall, jani
tors, etc., $5(5,142; Bureau of Engineers, $60,
000; maintenance of buildings, $50,750; repairs
to sewers. $70,000; repairs to streets, $75,000;
repairs to county roaxis, $10,000; street sweep
ing, $100,000; construction of buildings, $60,000;
construction of sewers, $43,005; new work on
streets. $79,000: total, $778,097.
The appropriation of the Board of Public
Works is $778,097. against $827,200 last year.
.The board asked for $1,977,606. The recapitu
lation follows:
EOARD OF WORKS CUT.
The committee makes no recommendation in
the School Department estimate for new con
struction, but has allowed for salaries, ex
penses and repairs $1,275,000, and for main
tenance of the playground $5000; total, $1,280,-*
000. Last year's appropriation was $1,295,220,
of which $50,000 was for construction. The
department will receive from the State nearly
$100,000 in excess of the amount estimated at
the time of making the tax levy, bo that there
are ample funds on hand for maintenance.
Tour committee believes that the construction
of modern school houses is not possible under
the limitations of the charter, and if the com
munity desires them lt v must either approve
of an extra tax .levy or ' issue bonds for the
purpose.
The Fire Department asked for $739,420,
against $632,350 last year. The sum of $700,
000 is recommended. The Department of Elec
tions asks for $142,000. but $135,000 is recom
mended.
The Almshouse expenses have been Increased
$2500 and the City and County Hospital ap
propriation is Increased from $95,560 to $100,
000, and $SS20 is set aside for the new Park
Emergency Hospital.
Present allowance. $766,708
One lieutenant at $1680 1.680
Kight corporals at $1404 11,232
Twenty-six patrolmen at $1224 31,824
Twenty-four drivers at $1080 25,920
One cook at $720 720
Total $838,084
This will add sixty men to the force and en
able the officers now acting as drivers to do
patrol work. The committee believes that 100
men should be allowed, but the limited amount
of money at Its disposal prohibited any fur
ther increase.
The following Increase is recommended in the
Police Department:
INCREASE FOR POLICE.
The Supervisors' Finance, Committee
submitted yesterday to. the board its rec
ommendations of necessary municipal ex
penditures as compiled in the tax budget
for the next fiscal year. The committee
recommends a tax of $1.0762, of which
.0762 is outside the dollar limit as pro
vided by the charter, for park purposes.
The sum of $1,280,000 is set aside for the
school department, $60,750 for the library
fund, $283,500 for the park fund, $18,000 for
the firemen's relief fund, $25,000 interest
and sinking funds; total $5,958,500. Last
year's apportionment was $5,825,100. The
estimate is based on a total assessed val
uation of $405,000,000, the same as last
year.
The improvements provided for in the
budget are:
Equipping nurses' quarters, $1000; laying
wires underground, $45,000; fire engine house In
hotel district, $45,000; completion of police
station. Fourth and Clara streets, $20,000;
streets and sewers, $122,905; total.. $233,905.
The report accompanying the budget
says:
Increases in salary are'6trongly recommend
ed for Cyril Williams, expert to the Finance
Committee, from $175 to $200 per month ;¦ John
H. Ryan, assistant clerk, $150 to $175; * John
K. Behan. chief assistant clerk, $150 to $200
per month; John F. Finn, stationery clerk, from
$125 to $150.
Advertising has been reduced from $24,000
to $14,000. In accordance with the difference in
contract price. Burial of indigent dead and
maintenance of the pound has been reduced by
$1000 each; subsistence of prisoners has been
increased $4500.
For lighting streets and public buildings,
$260,000 has been allowed, as against $257,000
last year. The appropriation for water has
been Increased $16,000 to meet the cost of ad
ditional hydrant service. The Assessor has
been allowed $6000 for additional clerks and
$25,000 for map clerks. The Recorder has made
a strong plea for additional funds, but an in
crease of only $3000 is recommended. For Jury
and witness fees the courts will have to de-.
cide whether the fee is payable for service or
appearance and the appropriation has been
increased from $17,500 to $25,000.
An ordinance was finally passed author
izing the Board of Works to expend $30.-
OcU to repair bituminous pavements
The ordinance providing for the printing
cf a journal of the proceedings of the
board at a cost of $2400 yearly was de
ferred uptil the consideration of the bud
get. Boxton opposed the ordinance on
tfce ground that if money was appropri
ated for Buch purposes there would be
little money left for Improvements.
Comte urged that the money be expended
thL^f 6 .* * r °Z th L ob J ect s. and Curtis
thought it should be applied to new
echoolhouses or for repaving r streets
the- school lot on Post street, near Grant
avenue, to E. F. Burns was approved
,,The ordinance providing for a levy of
** : cents outside of the dollar limit of
l ax £,V On for the erection of new <=chool
buildings was referred to the board by
the Finance Committee without recom-
The ordinance providing for the hold-
Ing of open air free concerts in three pub
lic parks and appropriating $32,000 for tho
purpose was referred to the board, to be
acted upon during the consideration of th«
budget.
The City Attorney was requested to
take appropriate action to determine the
location of Lyon street and to cause to be
removed all obstructions thereon if any
exist, to the end that Lyon street may be
extended as provided by the act of Con
gress of 1876 and as accepted by the city.
A resolution was passed to print setting
eside 5C500 in the budget for the purchase
of the Miranda grant embraced in Lyon
street for its extension.
The ordinance authorizing the paving of
Montgomery street, from Washington to
Jackson, and of Jackson street, from
Montgomery street to Montgomery ave
nue, at a cost of $4300, -was passed to
print.
STBEET WOHK ORDERED.
The ordinance establishing grades on
Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth and
Minnesota streets, in the vicinity of the
Santa Fe Railway Company's property in
the Potrero, was recommitted to the
Street Committee. Similar action was
taken on the agreement entered Into
whereby the company agrees to erect
three bridges on Eighteenth, Nineteenth
and Twentieth streets.
The ordinance approving the erection
end equipment by the Public Library
trustees of a branch library building at
Sixteenth and Prosper streets was passed
to print.
The ordinance prohibiting the establish
ment of carpet-beating works, tanneries
or shoddy mills in the district In which
they are at present allowed to exist was
indefinitely postponed.
The Spring Valley Water Company was
requested to lay a water main in Hinck
ley street In order to give better fire pro
tection to the County Jail.
The ordinance reducing the width of
sidewalks on Twenty-sixth Btreet, be
tween Folsom and Bryant, was passed to
print.
The petition of the San Francisco Retail
Merchants' Association that a special tax
of 714 cents be levied for a new City
Hospital was referred to the Finance
Committee.
The resolution granting Marlon Leven
tritt permission to erect an eight-story
building, llfl feet In height, on Geary
street, near Grant avenue, was passed to
print.
The resolution granting H. B. Barbee
permission to erect a board sign, six by
twenty feet, on the roof of the building at
£40 Kearny street was passed to print.
The Hayes Valley Club was granted a
permit for a professional boxing exhibi
tion In June, and the San Francisco Ath
letic Club one for an amateur contest on
May 22.
PERMIT FOB HIGH BUILDING.
A resolution recommending that the
Health Board pay ambulance drivers the
6um of ?100 each due them for back sal
ary was adopted. The resolution recites
that the Supervisors allowed the drivers
575 per month in the last budget, but th^y
have only received $55 since July 1, 190L
The Police Judges were requested to al
low $20 for the maintenance of each minor
committed to the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety for a period of two months, Instead
of $25 as heretofore.
The Board cf Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance providing
for the temporary appointment of an ex
pert acountant for the purpose of inves
tigating the books of quasi-public cor
porations with a view to assisting the
board in fixing gas and water rates. The
accountant's appointment is to date from
October J, and a sum of $1500 is to be set
aside for his compensation.
Boxton eald ha saw no reason for the
employment of an accountant.
"We already have an expert." said Box
ton, "and until I know that he has more
work than he can attend. to I will vote
against the ordinance. The position at
tempted to be created is, in my opinion,
entirely unnecessary." 4
The ordinance extending the hours dur
ing which pupils' half-fare street car tick
ets may be used was passed to print. The
hours now axe between 7:20 ana 10 a. m.,
U m. and 1:30 p. m.. 2:30 p. m. and 4:30 p.
m. and 6:30 p. m. and S:SO p. m.
The ordinance authorizing the Assessor
to continue the employment of thirty ex
tra deputies for thirty additional days
¦was passed to print on the Mayor's rec
ommendalion.
Says Big Improvements^Must
Come Outside of the
Dollar Limit
Extends Time During Which
Half-Fare Tickets May
Be Used.
Provides for the Appoint
ment of an Expert
Bookkeeper.
Finance Committee Fig
ures Municipal Ex
penditures.
BOARD CREATES
ANOTHER PLACE
FILES ESTIMATE
OF TAX BUDGET
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY . 20, 1902.
10
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health' and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure 'of
LIVER. KIDNEY, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH, TROUBLES. Every comfort
and . amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
In Mountains or . Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person In room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
Two persons in room, "small hotel". $18 per week
One person in, room, "cottages" ... .$11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages". . .$20 per week
One person in room. ."MAIN HOTEL"
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL". ...
i' .$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
. For Illustrated pamphlets, - photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st., or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER, Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3}4 Hours from Los Angeles/
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
nshiner and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing:; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camn L-ife: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropple, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Dancine. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, cr E. C. PECK, Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
F^ranclsco, Cal.
f\tffkftf\f\ HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
C%K mIjItS MA COUNTY; only 4 «
Ufl/1 WU hours from San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'-
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
matl, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon stages;- round trip from San Francisco
only $5 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays S a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or. $12 a week. References, any guest
,of the nast seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office, 121 Phelan bldg. ; Tourist Information
Bureau.- 11 Montgomery "St.; also at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery st-Y or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal. . ifttiiZ-i
ftyron Jiot Springs I
*^ CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.— New
hotel open . May 1. : All modern improve-
ments and most perfect appointments. Fine
suites with mineral bath attached. --. These
wonderful waters and hot mineral and mud
baths cure Rheumatism and Malaria with-
out fail. Address MGR. LEWIS, Byron
Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard & Co.,
30 Geary St.. city.
y The seaside resort pf Central California—
i enlarged and improved — rates per day Jz and
' upwards — open • May jut — fine orchestra. .
, ' Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. Forcottapes,
i P. Reanier, Capitola, Cal. For general infor-
J mation, Peck's Information Bureau, 1 1 Mont-
;• jomery Street, San Francisco, Cal. .
SEIGLER SPRIKGSr^ Ho^bfths
.; & mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave., or
Selgler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; dally
mail; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $8 per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, Angwin, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS. i
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. * Climate perfect On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 GO per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.,
or address EDSON BROS., Beswick, Slskiyou
County, Cal.
COftCRESS SPR.NCS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts. ;
3 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLNEY, Manager. ..
DUNCA SPklNGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters In the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendoclno Co., .Cal..
* FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA.
Santa Cruz Mountains. 'Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME, Prop. J|
If you wish to know where the finest min-
eral springs on the Pacific Coast are, so
that you can select the one most desir-
able for you, get "Vacation, 1902."
If you wish to camp in some mountain
dell, or on the bank of some limpid
stream, get "Vacation. 1902."
1* you prefer a hotel or a private home in
some beautiful town, get "Vacation.
1902."
If you prefer the free life of a farm, get
"Vacation. 1902."
This little book, "Vacation. 1902." is-
sued by the California Northwestern
Railway Company, gives complete in-
formation for any kind of an outing.
To be had at ticket offices of company, 630
Market street . (Chronicle building), and
Tiburon Ferry, or at the General Office,
Mutual Life building, corner Sansome
and California streets.
Call or write for a copy.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
PASO RILES S
T3/\t> Nature's own selec-
¦ I I IT tlon for a health and
¦: * V#*x pleasure" resort bo-
TJJT-* A W PV**-Y cause of the curative
rlr Al 1 I"! properties of its mud
¦"-AJ-jXaJLi X M.M. and rulphur baths for
. __ _, k rheumatism, lnsom-
A bVITi nla - S° ut « neuralgia.
filll/ • Hver.kldneyand blood
_.___. diseases. Has every
TVS p A CT TTVR natural advantage for
r*ljjL/\»J VJkJC Pleasure, scenic beau-
ty and balmy climate.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F., Afl.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running . directly through the Tuolumnj
Big Tree Grove.- Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2% hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley
.5 p. m. Send for illustrated folder. WM. J
WHITE Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market st.. opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery: pure spring water-
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills Cal For
information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. Cal-
boun, Proprietor.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
! Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., CaL, 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fafe $2. • Hottest,
strongest water on the coast: temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, • 'neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
Including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEARTJ
Proprietor. , ~^-~ ;.
&t; TOCALOMA ***™
Bertrand Hotel : first-class . accommodations ;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
lns, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m.'
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs-
Leach), Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
, Ono mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure: hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. K. CARR, Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal. ~ .¦ --><>¦
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
feet; 16 miles from Truckee^. in an unbroken
forest. ..• Further information Traveler office. "20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS
Trcckee. Cal. . ¦
JOHAHNISBBRQ.
N THE NAPA REDWOODS: NEW HOTEL-
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR.. prop.. Oakville, Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA. — POSI-
tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets . all trains. Board, including baths, f 3
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK, • St.
Helena, Cal. . .
THE GEYSERS.
- (Sonoma County). New management: rooms
plastered and hard finished ;- new furniture;
new, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
'round; white-help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
HOTEL LYNDON,
Los Gatos. First-class hotel ; large grounds.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amusements.
Opposite depot. MALPAS & COSGROVE.
; THE'PDRisSIMA HOUSE.
: Near the • ocean. Fishing in only mountain
trout stream In San ¦ Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per. day. : C. P. MOSCONI, Pron
Purtsslma. San Mateo Co., Cal.
CAM P TAYLOR H( 0T ei * «n»P cottage.
• t i. ,, u " 1 grounds, private pic-
nics, alley,' tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing,- telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom
ery street. < H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor,
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel "Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel andgruests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
" /¦ AT, ;: : :.:
golf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley.
. GEORGE. P. SNELL,. Manager.
HOTEL VENDOMEj
SAN JOSE, CAL.
yCTIW SPRINGS,
NAPA COUNTY, /
Comprise 800 acres, Six Mineral Springs,
conveniently located, beautiful trails lead-
1 ing to points of interest. The monotony
varied by beautiful wild flowers and endless
varieties . of ferns. ¦ .
THE CUISINE PERFECT.
Address for pamphlets and rates, " ¦
.EDWAItD L. SANFORD, Manager.
Forrest and health I m -ri| r qicddao
Kiet Orchard Si>riB S », Colfax. Cal
U ~. WT ~..~ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
imcmi /> School will be open to summer
i»ltiINLAJ j guests during June and July.
Dipif Superior climate, excellent
i-/*h.ia. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
—^— . dress . IRA G. HOITT.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F., 2^ hours; 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia, ecze»a, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases'. Lake for boating and bathing.
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
LAWRENCE VILLA; ,
Town Home, Sonoma. Will ' meet guests.^
Pleasant location. Plenty shade: -nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER, Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal.
SOLID COHORT HOME g&K^&o E
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rates, $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa, Cal.
* HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. " Now open for
business. Rates, $8 to $15 per week. ' \
FISHING.
\ Beat In State at BOCA, CAL.
For information address Boca Hotel Boca.
Nev. Co., CaL, on TRUCKEE RIVER.'
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains." Try It and form your own opinion
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
if you want to. ¦ . ;..-..
For folder giving fulr description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel
or write to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITY)
THE TALLAC,
¦-. LAKE TAHOE, OPENS ' MAY 15TH.
. With many additional, attractions, among
them the SPLENDID NEW AMUSEMENT PA
VILION. RESIDENT PHYSICIAN
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO..
. Tallac Cal *
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1.
To, avoid disagreeable waiting for^ narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAY TALLY-HO
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
~> LAKE' TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel, < cottages
and tents. Delightful camping grounds near
steamer landing; furnished tents to rent For
descriptive circulars and terms address E B
Smith & Co., Statellne P. O., El Dorado Co., CaL
. CAKE T/\HOe, •
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot
tages. i Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur
nlshed cottages for qampers. Write for parUcu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta
hoe. Everything, new. Best, beach for bathing
on the lake. i Fishing, hunting. Boats, flshinf
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire -; $2 Der
day, or $10, $12. $14 per week Postofflce ¦ tel
A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal. *
DEER PiRK INN AND COTTAGES
e miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical restine
place; 6507 feet elevation. Ml^eVai ,£££?
gSS^S^sSf^SS^g^
: ' .. JAPA... pp a tot y-
) j SODA SPRINGS I CaL
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet
above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot, and
; Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies and Burros
! for Children. Two trains daily, 7:30 a. m. and
; 4 d. m. Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
; ° BAR'l LETT SPRINGS. I
[ • Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
J Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
' PATt^ Hotel $10 to $15 psr week. Housy-
AA1E3. keopirg Cotttgei $3 to »15 per week.
1 ' Send for Illustrated booklet. Two routes:
[ Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
x AMUSEMENTS.
I GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening ; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
• quet. Billiards. Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
' Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub, Mineral and Ro-
I man Baths; competent Massagists: Guides,
Dogs ajid Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
i Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O.. Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
' °" °
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Recom-
mended by leading physicians. Thousands
cured. Tickets Cal. & N. - W. R. R. ; stage from
Ukiah. Call or address
WITTER P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
Main office and water depot, 916 Market
street, room 64^ city.
R. McCORMICK, • Manager.
. CRAG VIEW
(SHASTA REGION.)
Sets best table in the north (no Josh), $12 per
week; tenting for housekeepers.
H." O. WICKES,
Castella. Shasta Co... Cal.'
CAMF* CURRY I
Gives special rate to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as is shown by its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, more than one-half of
which were in 1901 ; 1000 guests are expected
In 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st.; open May 1
YOSEMITE.
GRANT'S, i ,
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plentyof shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks,
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person in room, $9 per
week; two in a room, $16 per week. * Second
floor, one person In room, $8 per week; two in a
room, $14 per week. Will also furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person In tent. $6 -per
week; two In a tent, $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F. GRANT •
Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Cal.
T\ .. ___— -,4 /% M .MSk** 1" the heart of the Santa
Rowardennanc- D ». rl:VooS
for a daily talt water swim. Redwoods and sea breezes
— a wonderful combination. Soarenir booklet ¦ free.
Peck's Information Bureau, it Montgomery Street,
S. F.. or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
LYTTON .SPRINGS,
Always open. Finest mineral baths & nlunsre
No staging. Every comfort and amusement!
Tiburon ferry, 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st Phone
Butter 2371, 11 Montgomery st, or A V
MORSE. Lytton, Sonoma County, Cal.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES I
Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting- new
tennis court, mineral springs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. ' Midlake
P. O., Lake County, or call at office of C N*
W. R. R. Co.. C50 Market st. /
HO WELL ML, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year pf sum-
mer report. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fogk Terms S7
per week. Address WOOD WORTH & MUL-
LER, St. Helena, Cal.
OWN A ROME^^Fl^-eAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. " Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built §50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill
depot, store, postoffice. Sausalito ferry, S3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
AGUA CALIENTE. X
Also known as California Hot Springs So-
noma Valley.,- No staging; via C. N. Ry or S
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try if. Round trio
$110. Telephone; many Improvements- S12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, j Proprietor
Agua Caliente, Cal. . • • ¦ '
— r ; "— : — ¦ — —
ffil I 9 Hi S\ \§ HOT ' SPRINGS — Water,
111 E/BBW climate, scenery unsur-
Blll ClBSl Passed. Camping privl-
,\i lli J 'U i leges now. Trains from
' i ¦¦ '¦ _ Third and. Townsand sts.,
U a. m., 2:45 p. m. Literature on application
R. ROBERTSON, Gllroy Springs. Cal. '
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Slsson. Address H. McGuinness Pron
EL MONTE HOTEL. Slsson. Cat ' £?£
rienced guides at hotel. . ;%
HOf*T*lN SPRINGS.
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the wpii
Known Bartlett Springs, Lake Co.. Cal Hotpi
MR a s Sa HOPPIN. 1S 8Saln rUD by the owner .
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st or
R. R. office, 650 Market, or .John Martens
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co., Cal. •martens.
HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES,
San Mateo, Cal.; is ' now under new manage-
ment. Everything first class. Cuisine unsur-
pesecd. Clubhouse, bowling alleys ' billiards
pool, shuffleboard, lawn tennis, salt water'
bathing, etc ¦ Rates on application. WRENN
& SPAULDING, Proprietors.; -j":~7™J?.
r> :!• MOUNTAIN , HOME. . .
At foot of Loma Prieta, highest point in ; Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery.* Fishing, hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur '.
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday, Wed and
Sat. Trala leaves S. F. 9 a; m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagaj, Cal • Prop '
Adams
jprings
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
. ¦ .
For stomach, liver and kidney troubles-
positive cure for constipation. New kitchen
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortensin. and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Five n«w
bouses. Room for alL We hav« mor« testi-
monials from peopla cured than all other
springs combined.
For further Information address
DR. W. R. PRATHER.
Adams Springs.
HOTEL LA HONDA.
SITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
trout fishing. Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. L J. SEARS, La Honda.
San Mateo County. Cal. • : • . ¦
LAKEPORT AND BARTI.ETT SPRING 3
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at HoDland. Leave Holland at 12:30; arrive at
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6-horse 14-passenger tourist wasons,
made to order for this staxe line, with all tho
most modern Imorovements. Passengers for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can b*
had at office Cal. Northwestern Ry., 650 Mar-
ket St., or at Tiburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
VTC.U V SP^IN^S— 3 miles from rwah.
Mendoclno Ca Natural ] waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the -world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first-class.
J. A. REDEMETER & CO., Props.
O rCTFLA BBFON'S SFPTWGS — Ten
¦ smiles from Chico. Cal. Noted for being a
sure cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervoiis troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON, Prop.. Chico, Cal.
HARBIN 8PRINGS— Most desirable in Lak»
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
Wlllard room. Round- trip tickets, S. P. office,
?3. J- A. HATS. Prop.
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL — The original
Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room in county; new myrtle cottage; hunting,
boating bathing, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet, tennis, bowling; free teams dally to
our mineral springs, 15 kinds. E. DURNAN.
Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE, IS mile* from Caza-
dero— Grand redwood and mountain scenery;
good trout fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and
milk. Daily mall, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare R. R. and stage. $3 60. For particulars
apply J. Luttringer, Sea View. Sonoma Co., CaL
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Cruz Mts.
Among: the grand old trees; board %$ and
$10 a week: fare, return ticket. $2 BO. M. S.
COX. Laurel, Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort is located in th» Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB, SoqUel. CaL ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD IN SCENIC PARK
Tract, for summer boarders: price* reason-
able. — Address 2314 HUgard ave.. Berkeley.
Cal.; tel. Mason 1223.
THE LIERLT RANCH — Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. Wild game abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting In the State.
$7 to $8 per week. Jerry Llerly. Potter Valley.
TIE OAKS. ' a favorite summer resort on
Branciforte drive. 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
dally mall, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA SMITH MILLS, Santo Cruz.
A"WWATVA;T7E FASM. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN, Los Gatos Postofflce. CaL
GARDEN CITT SANITARIUM. San Jose, CaL
One*of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
¦ sage. X-ray. Write for literature. -
BELLEVUE HOTEL — El Verano, Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms, • $1 00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouallhardou. Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 mil.;
Santa Cruz. CaL ( Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Lonjr dlst. phone. Fred Barson, Prop.
KING'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, flshin*. Terms. $10. a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernevUle.
CaL — New management; thoroughly re-
fitted and lmDroved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. GuerneviHe. Cal.
OISSON TAVERN, near Mt- Shasta. Par-
*O ticulars "Information Bureau," 20 Mont-
gomery it., or MRS. L. M. SISSON. Sisson, Cat
BERGHEIM — Two miles from Los Gatos.
Ideal dace: home cooking; $3 per -week.
P. DISQUE, Los Gatoa. CaL
STAGE LINES A2TP UVEBIEJT"
LA HONDA and PESCADERO — Through th«
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's, Wurr"s.
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
R. ticket* to Redwood City. 9 a. m. train. 3d
and Townnend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Joae.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City, CaL
PAfil F START FS Uklal1 - Tourists, camp-
CAULE DlADLCJtn. hunters. Write to
H. A. Eldred tor rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadero
stage line, via Half moon Bay and San
Gregorlo, daily all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
ASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-
lits^ — Tourists, camoers. hunters, write J.
H. Smith, Uklah, Smith & Taylor, Wlllits for
any kind cf turnout. -
HDTMP" c '"R p r RT\*rVFS_Short route to tho
"Geysers; 3 hours* staging. First-class livery
stable in connection. C. E. Humbert. Cloverdale.
GILROT Fashion Livery; good service: reas.
rates. Ofc. GUroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
L°JJ. GAT ,OS— Lyndon Stables, opposite depot. '
First-class rigs. Reasonable prices.
SANTA CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stables. 8tyl-
isn rigs. Reasonable prices.
DR. HALL'S ftElNVlGORATOKIKOTft
Stops all losses in 21 hours Fiv* JLVl — j&9
hundred reward for any case we £$33 EsSsx
cannot cure. This secret rem-8 II
edy cures Emissions, Impotency. Eja 1539
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. E$j ft?l
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man-WliJ tUiU
hood and all other wasting ef- ESS {59
feet 3 of self-abuse or excesses fc^£2aGK£3
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed
«A?i r .V ?V n J™ caae - Ca » or address orders "
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL Also for sale at 1073*.
Market st, S. F. Send for. free book. *
I GORONADD TENT GITY I
8. Coronado Beach, Cal. §
I BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, §
| GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, |
I PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING I
S ¦ and all other amusements, with one of. the finest bands in the West and' several fln« 'S
w! orchestras. , Economical; 'comfortable and amusing. ' .;. g
M ¦ ' Round trip tickets from San Francisco, including ground and water rent &
g . now on sale at: . , ; . ] ¦ < ¦.•';¦ '¦"/.-'-;¦ ¦• ' ' 8
K Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St..... ........... S24JJO 8
£f Southern Pacific, Ry.'Co.,; 613 Market St. ..........:......... .....|*"^24 >5O 8
jrt Pacific Coast S L S. Co., 4 New Montgomery . St.. ....y...;....!923.0o' ¦ - 8
# . -Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets U
£> over the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific; Coast Steamship Co. are not * S
W charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this S
8 as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of ' »
» 150 pounds of baggage. ".' . ¦ -. ¦ - -' ¦ S
g # Persons who bring their "own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion **
O • tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per. month ground rent, which includes free &
$ use of water. . > ' . v , : 8
S Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following o
S; prices per week: - . ' ' Q
O ¦ ou y<* bedstead "with spring and cotton mattress, ',-, $125; cot, single, 25c; snrine &
S $£'• single. 25c; mattress, double,. 50c; pillows.vSkj; blankets S
8 • , comforters, 25c; table, 25c; campstool.- 10c; chairs,. 25c; rocking chairs 30c- O
**;.; gasoline stoves, 50c; oil stoves, 25c;- washstaads, : complete, 35c; cooking utensils tXi- -" «
Q V. threepersons.i 75c;. lamp, with oil,. 25c. - : or '*
8 .. Prices per. month double the weekly rates. ¦'. . .- . *'-'< * „ O>
» -'.^"^hed tents,, 10x12 wtth floor, $8 per month;. 12x10, $12.. Furnished tent com- 2
S' P rI f es J )e ' ls> ,' bedding,- tables, wash stands, : rocklngy. folding : and t camp chairs, cleaji 8
« ' . " ! ££?' y, ¦£ !v water - dally care of tent and laundry of tent ; linen. Tents electric - *
w .> lighted. ; Perfect sewerage. .. : .- . . - ... o
B For pamphlets and full particulars call on < ¦','"-¦- ¦'¦"•¦ 8
|; PECK'S TOURIST- EUHEAU^II Mcntgomsry St.r San Francisco, CaL |
§ Brewed from carefully select- I
1 ed barley and hops — never H
1 permitted to leave the brew- I
Eery until properly aged. ICHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May 19.— CATTLE— Receipts;
20,000. Good to prime steers, $7@7- 60; poor to
medium, .$5 23®5 80; stockers and feeders, $2 75
di,o 50; cows, _$1 r>O@t; 25;^helfera, $2 75@li 60;
HOTEL ABEIVAI5,
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
Vre as folloows: ¦:
BEEF— 7®7%c for Steers and C%@7c p« r lb
¦°VEAL-^-Large, 7@Sc; small, S@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes. 7%g
LAMB-^-Spring Lambs, 9(flO%c per lb
:'¦ PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%@0%c per lb.
-_ . LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are l for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less fin
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8% @9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.' • .: ¦ ¦
. CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
-SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3V>c per
lb (gross weight).'
.. LAMBS— Suckling Lambs,' $2 50@2 75 per
luad or 4%@5c per lb liveweight; yearlings, 4
©"•l%e per lb. .
-, HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under,' 6%c,
200 lbs. and .over, 6@8%c; . feeders, 6®6>-4c;
bows " 20 • per cent off.-: boars 50 per cent . otf
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. . . -
There is nothing new to report under this
head
San Francisco Meat Market.
Iron was steady locally at firmer prices. Pig
iron warrants, nominal. No. 1 foundry. North
ern, $19 5C@20 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern
$19 50ft20 5o; No. 1 foundrj'. Southern, $18 GO
@i;> 50; No. -1 foundry, Southern, soft, sis 50
@19 50. .
NEW YORK, May 10.— The London metal
markets were closed to-day, but business will
be resumed to-morrow there. The New York
metal markets were all steady to firm, with
copper %@Vie hisher on the sales of -258 000
pounds of electrolytic for May delivery at l^VSe
Laks closed with spot at 12%@12%c electro
lytic at 12.C5©12.10c and canting at 12@12 15c
. Standard copper.^spot to August, was quoted
Lead ruled steady and unchanged at 4%c and
spelter was steady to firm at 4.45<S
Tin was quiet and slightly higher at $30@
30 25. ¦ , .'-^ '¦¦'-¦. .- ¦ ' : -
Nczv York Metal Market.
Old. potatoes continue to weaken and v4ry
few . sales are reported, as Jobbers are only
buying sufficient for their ) Immediate wants.
Receipts of new were very light and prices
were higher.
.New onions were lower and only fresh stock
brought 'the top quotations. '
There .were vexy few peas and new potatoes
receivtd, as many' of the farmers across th«
bay were celebrating religious holidays and
work in the fields was suspended. Fresh stock
of any description „ was eagerly sought for and
the market was well cleaned up at an early
hour. Other vegetables 'were in moderate re
ceipt and prices showed little variation. Mex
ican tomatoes are cleaned up, but fresh sup
plies are due at any time. Cucumbers from
Marysvllle sold foe. $3@3 GO per box and some
choice stock from Arizona brought 75c .per
dozen.- ' ' ¦ * . ¦ ; ; . •. -'*..:..
POTATOES — New Potatoes, : f.2(rt2 50
with some fancy higher; old." . $1 25@i 05
f«r Burbanks from tho river; from Oregon and
Washington, $1 50@l 75; Oregon Garnet Chiles
$1 50@l 65; River Reds,- $13%1 50; ..Early
Rose, for seed. : $l 65@1 75; Oregon Burbanks
for seed, $1 40@l 60; Sweets,, Jobbing at $2a
2 25. - : -'¦ ¦ "-" "''¦¦ ¦ "' ¦¦ '--¦¦ .-¦ ¦
ONIONS — Australian. $3 50@3 75, second
hands; 'new red, 40@65c:;per sk; Silverskins
75c@$l per box. ; . . '
VEGETABLES —.Asparagus,;, extra fancy.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New York Stock Market.
There Is no further change in beans. The
market Is, quiet and erfsy.
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 10; small White ?2 40
<g2 50; large White, $2 30(^2 40; Pea, $3 25@
3 50; Pink. $2 0502 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye.
54 9005; Limas, $3 05ig>3 75; Red Kidneys, $3 50
(S3 75 per ctl. . '
I SEEDS — Trieste! Mustnrd. $2 50@2 05: Yel
low Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 2o@2 CO'
Caiiahv 3%c for Eastern^ .Alfalfa from-utah.'
li!%«el.Uc; California. 10@10%c; Itape, si*-«
2UC-. Hemp. 3%c per lb.
, DRIED rn AS— Niks, $1 60£2; Green Si .GO
@2; Elackeye. nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Middlings have been further advanced . 50c.
Bran rules -firm. There is also a better feeling
in hay, as. the crop prospects are not as fine as
they were a few weeks ago. A car of fancy
wheat hay sold up to $12 75, but this ,wa«
away j above the regular .market. It was a
straw, however, showing the firmness. of the
market.
BRAN— $17 50U71S 50 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $21(32:: per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@22 per
ton" Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25020; job
bing $2ii r»0<f?27; Cocoanut Cake $21Jyi21! Corn
Meal, ?31@32^ Cracked Corn, $3l"50©32 flO;
Mixed Feed. $10(1*17: Cottonseed Meal. Si'6 5J.
HAY— Wheat. $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8 50@ll; Oat, $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $S@11; Clo
ver, $7®9; Volunteer. $0 50@S 50; Stock. $t@S
per ton. :
STRAW — 10®C5c per bale. : ,
Hav and Feedstuff s.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
0%o for heavy and 9c for light; Stags', 7c-
Salted Kip. 0c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf,'
10c; Dry Hides, 15@lG%c; Culls. 14@15c- Drv
Kip. U@i:5c; Dry Calf, 16@lso; Culls and
Brands. la@lbc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 200
30c each; short Wool, 40®(>0c each; medium
0u!£L75c; long Wool. 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides,' salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium, $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts-
Horse Hides dry $1 .5 for large, $150 for
medium, ! $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts
Buck Skins— Dry. Mexican, 32%e; dry salted
Mexican^ 25c; dry Central"; American, 32Uc
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c: medium, 3Dc.
' TALLOW— No. - 1 rendered. 5%@0c per'lb-
No 2, 4V f -@5c; grease, 2%@3%e. ¦:.,'¦"'
WOOL— Spring— Northern free, 14@16c- <jo
defective, 13@14c; Middle County .free, i:f@i5 C 
do, defective, 12@13c- Southern, 12 months 9®
10c- do, 7 months, # !)@llc;. Foothill* UfalZc-
Nevada 12©15c per lb. , . ( " /iO1 -'
1 HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice. . ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Chicago was weak and lower on the day,
with small trading. This market was dull and
unchanged. • •'
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb fcr
heavy, 13'/ic for light medium. 14%c fcr light.
IGMjC for extra light and 10@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,. 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13%® 14c; Mess Beef, $9@9 '50 per
bbl: extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $u@
11 60; prime Mess Pork, $15 50©16; extra clear
$23; Mess, $18 50®19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50®
12 00; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked
Beef, 13%@14c per lb. . ...
LARD— Tierces quoted at S%f8%c per lb
for compound and 12 %c -for pure; half-barreU
b tlns> 4c: 5 ' lb tin *' 13 *°:
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c- thro»
half-barreis, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c- two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Provisions.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows,' usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $0 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. ?3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; nice Klour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy. .$4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. ?4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 CO; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flcur, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; in
sacks $6 S5@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
'' FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50©
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50:
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
%1<§Z 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers'. $3®
3 CO. ,
Flour and Millstuifs.
' Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday; possibly showers back from
the coast; wanner; brisk northwest winds.
Nevada/ — Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday:
warmer: brisk to high northwest winds.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
warmer; brick northwest winds, diminishing.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
•WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has steadily fallen over Arizona
and Southern California and has fallen slightly
Along the coast from San Francisco to Cape
Blanco. The marked disturbance over the
Rocky Mountain region, and extending south
ward over the valley of the Colorado, is moving
very slowly eastward. Enow is falling in
Northern Arizona, and eastbound travelers over
the central and southern routes will experience
colder weather than by the northern routes.
High winds prevail generally east of the
£ terras.
The temperature is 20 degrees below the nor
mal throughout Arizona and Utah. In the great
?alleys of California the temperatures are
about 10 degrees below the normal.
A trace of rain has fallen at Los Angeles.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 20, 1902:
Northern California — Fair/ Tuesday, with
showers in the foothills and mountains; brisk
northerly winds in the interior; brisk westerly
wlnde on the coant; warmer. V
CHICAGO. May 19.— The outside interest
kept out of the wheat market to-day and
thUB brought general apathy among the traders
All the English markets were closed because of
holidays, consequently there were no cables
ti- figure upon. In addition to the bearish feeiinc
that would naturally result from this dullness
weather reports showed good rains all over tha
winder wheat country and warm weather to
help growth. Northwestern points reported
more flooding rains in the spring wheat coun
try, but the bullish lifluence of these advices
was offset by the expectation that the fine
wtather conditions in the winter wheat would
n-.cre than make up the- difference in
late spring seeding. Country offerings were in
creasing. There was a general bearish feeling
prevalent in the pit. but the trade changed its
views on the relative merits of the July and
Septtmber options, the difference being nar
rowed to lc. July opened a shade lower to a
shade- highor at 74%@74%c, and on a small
selling pressure declined to 74'/4c rallying to
74%«!774%c. where It closed, 14c lower than
Saturday.
The corn market ruled rather weak on the
Ideal weather conditions. July closed %©Vic
down at 61%@61%c. , ?Zz*°
Oats ruled dull and easy. July closed easy,
%c lower, at 3G%c.
Provisions felt the weakening influence of
outside liquidation and an absence of good
support. July pork closed 10c down, lard 5@
7%c lower and ribs a shade under Saturday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. - — '¦
May 74% . 74% 74% 74%
July >..... -74% 74% . 74V4 74%
September 73% 73% . 73 73%
December 74% 74% - 74% 74%
Corn No. 2 — .- . • -
May 00% 60% 60 C0%
July Cl% 61% 60% 61 Vi
September 59% 59% 59% 69%
Oats No. 2 —
May 43 4.1 42% 42Vi
July (old) 34% 34% 34 34%
July (new) 36% 3G% 36% 36%
September, (old). 29 29 28% 29
September (new) 30% 30% 30& 30%
jfless Pork, per barrel —
May 17 25' 17 25 17 12% 17. 12
July 17 35 17 37% 17 20 17 25
September 17 45 17 47% 17 35 17 35
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May .10 30 10 SO 10 25 10 25
July 10 32% 10 32% 10 25 10 25
September 10 32% 10 30 - 10 25 10 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — ¦ .
May ..,. 9 75
July 9 72% 9 72% 9 07% 9 07%
September 9 72% 9 72% 9 67% 9 70
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72%®74y.c; No. 2
red, »0%@82%; No. 2 oats, 43'/ 4 @43%c; No. 2
white, 43%@45%c; No. 3 white, 4:i%@44}ic;
No. 2 rye, 50%@U0c; fair to choice malting bar
ley, 69jj:72e: No. 1 flax seed, $1 59; . No. 1
Northwestern, $1 77; prime timothy seed, $6 -o;
mess pork, per bbl, ?17 15@17 20; lard,. per 100
lbs, $10 25@10 27%; short ribs sides (loose),
$0 70@'J SO; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $8@
t» 25; short clear sides (boxed), $10 40@10 50";
clover, contract grade, $8 35.
- Articles — Receipts. Shipments
Flour, "bbls ...~. 18.000 . '. ft.000
Wheat, bu ....20,000 128,000
Corn, bu ". 50,000 • 9f! 000
Oats, bu.... 168,000 136,000
Rye, bu 2,000 .
Barley, bu..; 9,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 18@21%c; dairies
17«?19c; cheese, 12® 13c; eggs, steady, fresh!
14%c.
Chicago Grain Markst.
THE COAST 11ECCRD,
Apples rule firm at the recent advance.
Piunes continue firm In the East, with a grad
ual improvement In the demand.^ Reports from
New York say that offerings of future Apri
cots are meeting with little' attention. Sto:k3
ct all fnilts on this Coast are reduced to very
small proportions.
FRUITS— Apricots, 0@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@ll%c; SU n dried, B@7c-
Peaches, «*4®S'/tc: Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted'
GCtOMsc; unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, b'AGiic
for red and.5%«5.Uc for white; flgs, 8%«JU4o
for black and 5%©Cc for white. *"?*"
PHUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as fol'ows
30-40s. (iy4@«?ic; 40-riOs, 5®514c; 60-60s 4%
&4%c; C0-70S, 4@4 ] .4c; 70-80s, ;{V.@3% C '. so
UUs. 3®3%c: 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lbt
KAISINS— Seeded, 8-crown. 8Ci 2-crown RV
®7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6'4c for 4-crown' and
5V4c for seedless; .l-crown, tc; 2-crown, 5« c -
Sfudless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and Jffl
8%c for bleached. .Clusters— imperials sr-
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London LaVers'
{i 20(&l 35. * •
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 11% C - v n
2, 6%®7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No? •"> 7c-
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9!ffil0e f-Ir
softshell and U@7c for hardshell; Peanuts 5i«
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 1201 •»%(•- ' 1^,
fcerts, 12®l2%c; Pecans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts
$3 50@5. • .'
HONEY— Comb, ll@12q for bright ard OSiic
Tor light amber; water white extracted B«a
5%c; 'light amber extracted, 4@1% C ; dark 4e
BEESWAX— 27 %@2!)e per lbf ' iu
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Syri Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum. 4S; mean, 54.
Fresno 7O-4<» Los Angeles 70-54
Mt. Tan.alpais — 30 Sacramento CC-52
Bluff W5-4<» i^an Luis Obispo. .«2-:iS
Independence 5C,-:u c an Di e&0
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from stations In Cali
fornia to-day:
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 19. 1902^5 p. m.
Weather Report
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask.
4s qr reg....lll 111% Is qr cp(new)137%138
4s qr coup.. Ill 111% 3s .qr coup.. 108 108%
' . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala' A W 5s. 91% — Oc SS Co 5s.' 98%100
Bay CPC us.108%109 Omnibus 6s.. 130
C C G&E 5S.105 105% Pac G Im 4s. 97% —
Cal-st 5s ...119 — Pk & C H 6s — 110
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk & O R 6s — 125
Ed L & P 6s — — Pwl-st R 6s.
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 5s. —
Geary-st 5s.. — — SF & SJV5S.121
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6s — 116%
Do 5s .... — 99 S P of A 6s
LAng R 5s.ll8%119Vi (1909) ...,113%114
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1910) .. — __
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A.106%107%
L A & P 5s. 103 — - (1905)Sr B. — —
Do 1cm 5s.lO3 — . (19C6) ....109% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (1912) 120% —
Do lem 5s. 120% — S-P of C 1st
N R of C 6s. — — c gntd 5s. —
Do 5s 120% 121% Do stmpd.109% —
N Pac C 5s.l09V4110%|S PBr Cal 6sl39« —
NCR 5s.. 114% — S V Wat 6s.ll0%110%
Oak Gas 5s. 113 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 10"%
Oak Trn 6s.. 124% — Do 4s 3dm. — 102%
Do 1st c5s.H3%115 Stkn G&E6s.lO2 104
Oak W G5s.l03%104%
, WATER STOCKS.
Centra Costa — 76'4 Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marln Co ... 59 — Spring Val.. —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac I.. Co... 47
Eqt G L Co. 3% — Sac E G&R. 37 39
Mut-al .... 4% 5 S F G & E. 43% 44H
O G L & H. 62 65 S P G L Co. 5$ 5&
Pac G Imp.. 39 40% Stktn G&E 8 * —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.260 — (
BANKS. . i
Am B & T..110 * — First Natlonl —
Anglo-Cal .. — — IL P & A 16S%170
Bank of Cal. 425 429 Mex Ex (liq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.121 — S F-Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — ISav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Securty Sav.340 390 *
Mutual Sav.'84% — Union Trst.lS30
S F Sav U.525 — '
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 180 \Market ..... 99%100%
Geary ...... — 60 '.Presidio .... 38%
POWDER.
Giant 75% 76 jVlgorlt 3& —
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — Kilauea .... — 9W
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell .. 23% 25
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea .... 24% 25
Hutchinson .13 — Paauhau ... 12% 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159%160 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As — 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.100% — Par Paint... 26 —
Oceanic S Co 30 35
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 76 00
10 Giant Powder Con 75 75
$1000 Los Angeles Light 5s 103 00
$2000 Oakland " Transit '6s 125 00
30 S V Water 91 50
Street —
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 50
• 20 California Fruit Canners'...-....1O2 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Anglo-Cal Bank 91 00
50 Cal Wine Assn loo 50
5 Contra Costa Water 76 00
125 Giant Powder Con 75 75
25 Hana Plantation Co ............ 3 8714
58 V Water I oi 50
$5000 Oakland Water 5s ......./ 104 00
$2000 S V Water 6s..' ..110 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Junction 21
250 Kern, b 90 5 2 5
250 Kern 5 00
• 100 Sdvereign " 33
100 Sterling 1 05
200 Sterling, b 90 r . .1 90
¦ Afternoon Session. ,
Board —
500 Junction ". ot
500 Reed Crude, b 30 ¦.. •>¦;
1100 Sterling, b 90 x 97V
200 Sterling t n^d
100 Sterling, b 30 ¦, o ."£?
1S00 Sterling " j oq'*
300 Sterling, b 60 1 95
MINING STOCKS.^
The following were the sales yesterday in th«
Paciflc Stock Exchange: • . ""
Morning Session.
700 Belcher .... 07 I 500 Ophlr t "^
100 Ifest &. B.. 18 200 Overman" 27
100 Caledonia . . 78 200 Overman ' " ?«
200 Caledonia ..77 200 Overman " i\
-. 300 C C & "Va. .1 42% 700 Overman "24
200 C C & Va..l 45 200 Potosi t-«
200 Gould & C. 13 200 Union Con.'! 24
• 200 Mexican ... 46 200 Union Con.. 22
'Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ... 07 500 Justice ' ra
200 Caledonia . . 80 • 200 Mexican " * ji
'200 Caledonia .. 78 1C0 Ophlr *"i tn
600 Caledonia .. 77 500 Overman" oj
200 Chollar 16 200 Potosi $Z
300 C C & Va..l 47% 200 Sierra Ne'vl 2? i
; 300 Gould & C. . 13 200 Silver Hill! 4>>
The following were ~the sales yesterdav in ?»,-
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board-
Morning Session.
500 Belcher ... 08 60 Ophlr 1 •>*
; 500 Belcher ... 07 200 Ophlr l tn
400 Best & B:.. -18 ,7C0 Overman" «!i
: 600 Caledonia .. ;80 7CO Potosi " ¦ va.
. 300 C C & Va..l 40 100 Savage" "*" 14
300 Crown Point 07 500 Silver Hill' £•»
200 Gould & C. 13 800 Yel Jacket" 21
500 Mexican ... 44 ICO Yel Jacket' w
; 300 Occidental . 20 "V
. Afternoon' Session. t . . ¦
400 Belcher .... 07.- 100 Gould & C.I 13*
500 Best & B... 19 400 Mexican ... 4S
200 Caledonia . . SO 4C0 Occidental .' '• 20
• 200 Caledonia' .. 82- 500 Ophlr .130
'100 Chollar .... 10 ~000 Potosi ..... 33
.400 C C & Va..l 50 100 Union Con. 22
MONDAY, May 19. 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. : Common stock, $24 12%@24 50; preferred
$59 25; 4 per cent bonds,- $90 50@92: eubscriD
tions, $100 50@101 50. .
The Stanislaus Water and Power Company
intends to create a bonded indebtedness of $2,
500,000 and has called a meeting of. its stock
holders for July 21 to act upon the proposition.
AH stocks were dull on the morning session,
and quotations showed no changes worthy of
note. In the afternoon Contra Costa Water
was \Oeaker at $75, and there was a sale of
Anglo-Californian Bank at -$91.
Evaporated apples continue firmly sustained
with offerings light. The export and Jobbing
movement is moderate, with outside prices gen
erally received. State, common to good, 7@!)c
prime, 9%<§!>%c; choice, 10@10l4c; fancy 10%
<&llc. Prunes were in moderate jobbing in
terest, with the tone steady. A fair movement
of Santa Claras, new. large sizes for export Is
noted. Old fruit is dull and rather heavy
Apricots and peaches are steady and in some
jobbing demand. Prunes '¦i%(fiWc. Apricots
—Boxed. 10%(?14e: bags. 10%<?l2c. Peaches-
Peeled, 14£ili>c; unpeeled. 8U@Hc. ....
DRIED FRUIT.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5V4c; miid, quiet; Cordova,. 8@ll%c; futures
market closed steady and net unchanged to 5
points lower; total sales, 7500 bags including
July, $ 5 20; September, $5 35; October ?5 40®
5_45; December, ?5 00; February, ¥5 85; March,
80.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining 2%c:
centrifugal, 90 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined was steady. •
WOOL— Quiet.
¦ WHEAT— Receipts. 85,400 bushels; exports,
121, 2S7 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 88%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 90%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 83%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Manitoba, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. -Options
had a firm start on excessive rains in' the
Northwest, but soon weakened and were un
settled all day. Considerable wheat was sold
on reports of enlarged Southwestern offerings,
a Relatively small visible supply decrease, large
Northwestern ' arrivals and poor outside de
mand. Covering in' the last hour and liberal
export rumors and good export clearances
closed. %<g%e net higher. May closed, SU%c;
July, SO o-l<j@SU%c, closed at 80%c; Septem
ber closed at 7S%c; December, 7U%@80c.
closed at 80c. • >»«* .
HOPS— -Quiet
HIDES— Firm.-
NEW YORK. May 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,300 barrels; exports, 8700 barrels; quiet and
about steady.
This market was quiet and unchanged. Large
Yellow. , $1-47%@1 52%; small round do, SI 50
@1 5&; "tthite, Jfl OOfr'l. 02%.
RYE— U0@'.»5c per ctl. ...
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75 per ctl and nominal.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December — ¦
2C00 centals, S3%c. ¦ .
Second^ session — No sales.
Regular morning session — No sales.
¦ Afternoon session — No sales. 1 - ' '
OATS — Opened the week. easier, with a dis
position to sell. The cause of the easiness is
the eatne as that which lowered the prices ot
barley, and which is set forth In the preceding
paragraph. Prices are not actually lower, how
e\er, though some, dealers say they will shada
quotations to sell. Grays, $1 S7%@1 45; whites
$1 35@1 50; milling. $1 50^1 55; black, $1 25@
1 35; red, ?1 32%©1 45 per ctl.
CORN — Chicago was weak at a slight de
cline. In sympathy with 1 wheat and favorable
weather throughout the corn belt. The South
west sold freely. The visible -supply decreased
797,000 bushels. Wires from Chicago said that
if the present favorable weather continues
holders will not be able to carry the grain
w.uch longer.
CALL -BOARD SALES.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
. Second session — December — 2000 centals,
$1 1:«%; 4000, $1 1:1%.. . •
' Regular morning session — December — 8000
centals, ?113%; 2000, ?113%; May— 4000,
§114%. ...
Afternoon session — No sales. \ -
BARLEY — Both spot and future quotations
were lower., The cause of the decline Is said
to be due to a general disposition to take pro
fits at the recent advance, which led to general
selling, of which buyers have taken advantage.
While "stocks are light the new crop is close
at hand and holders do not feel like waiting
lor a further advance which may never pecur:
hence the liberal, offerings and tha consequent
decline. ' j; 1 -..¦:•*
Feed, $1@1 01% for No. 1 and 97%@9S%c for
off grades; brewing . and shipping grades,
$102%@105; Chevalier, . nominal.
WHEAT — There were no quotations from
England,' it being a holiday there.
Chicago ' was quiet and weak, but with more
buyers than sellers. _ Heavy rains in the North
west alfcl Southwest were reported. Exporters
reported a better continentat demand. The do
mestic 'demand for flour, however, was siow.
The American visible supply decreased 1,725,000
bushels.- The world's shipments for the "week
were asfollows. In quarters: Russian, 293,000;
Danubian 47,000; Argentine, 63,000; Indian,
30,000.
This market was quieter and not materially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1 13%@1 15; mill
ing, $1 1«V4@1 1S% per ctl. -. . ' \
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. CO days — $4 85 <4
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight..... - — - 15
New York Exchange. teU-graphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — 61%
•Mexican Dollars, nominal. — . 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
CITKUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@3 50,
according to size ana quality; Seedlings, $1 25
©2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@2 50; Valencia'
52 5003; Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50S2 50 :
Tangerines, in quarter boxes. 75c@$l and $1 25
<gl 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 50c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and
$2<f«2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit. 75e<a$2; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, ?2~*25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 75@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
CHERRIES — White, 40@75c per drawer- in
bulk, J'S'Sc; Black. C0@90c per box and drawer
and 4@tio in bulk: '
STRAWBERRIES— ?4(S;« per chest for Long
wcrths and $3@4 for Malindas; crate3 from
WatEonville, . ; from Florin, 50@65c
GOOSEBERRIES^-30@40c per drawer; Eng
lish, t>Oc.
APPLES — $1@2 50 per box, according to
quality. ; 1 • '
Apricots from Yuma sold promptly at $2 50®
3 per crate. Thirteen crates were received late
yerterday. and will be sold to-day.
At the Orange auction 5 cars of assorted
fruit was sold as follows: Navels. ?2 50@3 20
for fancy; ?2 25@3 for choice, and $1@2 for
Standards; Valencias, ?3@3 20 for fancy and
$1 00@2 CO for choice; fancy Mediterranean
Sweets sold for $1 50@2. In the open market
there was some inquiry for shipping, but prices
stood as before. Supplies of other fruits were
plentiful and previous prices ruled."
Cherries In bulk were weaker, as the stock
was generally small and poor. Boxes were in
light receipt and prices took a narrower range.
The first Blackberries for the season came
In from Loomis. One crate of twelve baskets
was received and sold at 15c per basket.
Receipts of Strawberries were heavy for Mon
day, over 700 chests being received. Berries
in good condition brought full 'figures, although
the demand was less brisk. A considerable por
tion of the receipts from Watsonville were poor
and dried up and some were sold below the quo
tations. Crates from Florin were generally
poor and improperly packed.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, May . 19.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
m the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $189,021,202; gold, '$05,944,-
Condition of the Treasury.
FOB MONDAY. May 19.
Flour, qr sks... 18,857 Hay. tons 399
Wheat, ctls 3,775 Straw, tons ' 28
Barley, ctls. 7... 12,375 Bran, sks 653
Oats, ctls 400 Pelts, bdls 108
Rye, ctls. 140 Hides, No 1,143
Beans, sks 29 Quicksilver, fiks. 5
Potatoes, sks.".. 3,051 Leather, rolls... 109
Onions, sks 20 Wine, gals 84,900
Shorts, sks 100 Raisins, bxs.... 550
Wool, bales.... 237 Sugar, ctls 1,376
Receipts of Produce.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 19.— WHEAT— Nominal.
Walla Walla, 06c; bluestem, 67c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 10.— WHEAT— Nominally
unchanged. Blustem, 60%c; club, 65 %c.
Northern Wheat Market.
"In raisins a little firmness is noted in Cali
fornia loose, with occasional business in 3
crown grade at 6%c. Seeded raisins are steady,
but quiet on the quoted basis. Valencia layer
raisins are quiet but firm. In apricots and
peaches the interest is jobbing in character and
prices remain steady. For future apricots there
la little interest. Sellers' views on the coast
are lower. In dates and figs the market is
fairly steady, but no unusual activity is re
ported at the moment. In nuts through the
list a quiet jobbing interest prevails. Brazil
r.uts are in fair request and steady. Shelled
nuts show no particular feature, but a slightly
firmer feeling is noted on both almonds and
walnuts in sympathy with late advices from
the primary markets."
"1\ is stated that the purchase was not en
tii-elj* speculative, the buyer having an outlet
for the fruit in export channels. The move
ment for export in the past two weeks has been
active, and the aggregate gales are figured by
conservative- interests to have been in excess
of thirty carloads. The spot market is fairly
steady on the e^c basis for 40-50s in 25-lb
boxes, and a fair movement for export .account
is noted chiefly in large sizes. The aggregate
movement for export in the last two weeks
covers around 30 carloads. Small prunes and
old fruit are quiet and Ehow no particular
strength. .
'The e&le of a lot of four carloads of 1901
crop of Santa Clara prunes held by a Phila
delphia Interest was reported to-day. The
fruit was sold to come here, the purchaser be
ing the buyer of the six- carloads reported sold
here yesterday. The fruit was composed of
sixes 40-SOs and 50-60s in 25-lb boxes, the
price paid being withheld and said to have
been a shade under 6%c basis for 40-00s in
S5-lb boxes. It, is stated that the two pur
chases referred to clean up the block of asso
ciation prunes that have been offered here for
some time, and the removal of the- lot from
offering has strengthened the position of the
article 60 far as large size* are concerned. At
the moment 1901 crop Santa Clara fruit in 25
lb bcxes is not available under ti'^c for 40-UOs
in a jobbing way, this basis being quoted
down on the large sizes.
Mail advices from New York say
Dried Fruits in New York.
changed, in spite of last week's enormous loan
decrease by the banks themselves, detracted
from the sentimental relief that would other
wise have been /elt by the loan showing. There
was a significant stiffening of the foreign, ex
change rate also, which indicates that a high
level of interest rates is all that diverts credits
to the New York market. The opinion is still
held that even a slight relaxation in interest
rates would lead to early withdrawals of gold
from New York. The largest borrowings
abroad, as well as the present level of prices of
securities, are felt to be based on a favorable
outcome of the corn crop, whose fate is prob
lematical yet. The securing of loans abroad is
an evidence of the resources of the country's
credit, but the domestic level of interest rates
which has to be paid offers a notable margin
over the prevailing rate in foreign markets and
mutt represent some element of risk In the
minds of the lenders. There were some violent
relapses of prices of high-priced stocks. Inter
national Power dropped back 18 points again
on nominal sales. The market closed dull and
heavy.
Bonds were dull and heavy throughout. To
tal sales, par value, $1,955,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 14.800 7S% 77% 77^
Atchison pfd 1,700 !>7 90% 97
Balto & Ohio 3,000 105 104% 101%
Balto & Ohio pfd .. 100 95% 95% 05- i
Canadian Pac 10,800 127% 126% 127Vi
™? ad l %°£ th ••-•• S0 ° ° 5 94% - U4 M
Ches & J>hio 2,800 40 45% 45Ti
Chi Ind & Louis.. .'200 7a" 7 5 "* 74
££¦" J n £. & TT L pfd •• ' 200 *&% 8«H 88%
Chi & Gt West ....11,900 28% 27% 27<&
Ch &GtW A pfd.. 200 SS SS 88
o£- t W 1 - 400 2W 242i,i 244%
Chi R I & Pac... 1.300 171 170 170
Chi Term & Trait. . WO 20% 20'i 20%
Chi T & Trans pfd.. 300 37 »•£ 37 T^
C.C.C&StL 200 1O.^| 103% 108%
Colo South 2 "'OO "y:si 29 '«rv"
Colo South 1st pfd.. 500 71$ 71 70 ¦*
n» 1 i°/°« tl J. 2d p!d ' 70 ° 41 % 40^ 40%
E:!,la^ ud rw.-:; 2 ' :K)0 172 * m -g?
Dtnver & R G 500 41% 41 % 41 -V
Denver & R G pfd.. 500 88% 88% 88 ¥,
|!Jmp,i-::::::::'f:JSS SS % H S*
Great Nor pfd 1S1
Hocking Valley .... 800 SO*" 79* " SO
Hocking Valley pfd 100 89 89 M
Illinois Central 2,400 151% 150% 150*; 1
Iowa Central -jm 44 ii{* 4."£ !
Iowa Central pfd .. 7 u0 82% S2 '" Slii I
K C Southern S.SOO 32'* 30 31% I
JP te ™.thern pfd 2.600 60 58V- 59% j
KE f-^. estern ¦¦¦¦ MM «5 01 " (54
L K & A\estern pfd .;.. . l^i
Louis &: Nash »00. 13$* v «&% u,
WSfft ¦:.::::::*« 588 S§i.#
Mexican Cep 2,oco 27% 27% -7%
Minn Ai St Louis... 400 110 110 no
Missouri Pac ......10,700 «JS% 97 <»8''i
Mo. Kan & Tex «O0 24% 2414 24«
N^'centf.l 1 ' 6^ 13 - 1 ' 100 ?**&«*; §*Vi
N^rUTV:-- ™?° ; M# I?*
Norfolk & W pfd.. '.'.'.'. ti </!i
Ontario & W 3,300 30L4 32" 301/ !
Pennsylvania 10,500 14S<4 147>4 148$
Reading .... ..... .(J5.5OO «1 £ 59 S
Reading 1st pfd.... 2,300 S2% S2 J S2&
Reading 2d pfd 10,300 <;7i? mi,/ ?4 I
ISU- s s F F-i,; p ;i' .1?° <^ s * gg
St Louis S W pfd.. 400 58 " 57% 5S ;
PpIuIpm:::::::: 20^^;-! I*
Southern Ry pfd .. 9 400 Hii/j ti tl % i
Ttxas & Pacific.... 2,.'{00 40 3914 30 %
Toledo, St L & W. . 100 »i)% 20% '^0V
£ St. L&-W pfd.. 1.400 37% 3Gfi 3«%
Lnon Pacific ....40,900 IO-.14 102'/! 103*
tL ni °n Paciflc pfd. 1.300 87 8fi% 86%
VI abash pfd 8,300 43% 4i4? Jo£
Whteling & Lake E COO 21 0} Y * %\^
W & L E 2d pfd. 400 34 33% f#.U s I
AMsconfeln Central. 3, COO 2C4 2 r »5, 2«
Wisconsin Cent pfd 1,100 47% 46V; 47
Express Companies — '
Adan V •-•• 300 205 205 2C0
American ; 400 220 200 220
United States .... 200 115 115 (fn
Wg-» Fargo 100 205 205 200 !
Miscellaneous — .
Ama! Copper 2G.900 6S C,r,% 67%
1 Amer Car & Found 6,000 2fi\i 29 29
1 Amer Car & F. pfd. 300 88% R8U ft«iA
Amer Linseed Oil. 500 2.\!% "3% 2tV
Amer Lin Oil pfd. 100. 50 V4 BOH 00 U
Amer Loco 4.700 31 29%
Amer Loco. pfd.... 2,400 92}i 91U ""
Amer Smelt & Ref 300 45% 4514 45% i
Amer S & Ref pfd. 200 05% 051'i fi5
Anaconda Min Co. 200 112 112 11"
Brooklyn Rapid T.. 6,100 65% O4M. «4"i I
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 20,500 97 95% 90»? i
Consolidated Gas... 2,800 221 219% 2£0»' I
Con Tobacco pfd... 200 119 119 119 '* I
Gen Electric 400 317 314% 314
Hocking Coal .... i~y
International Paper .'" <>oii
Inter Paper- pfd. .. \" 73s?
International Power 300 87% 75 "
Laclede Gas " . . .' 57' '
National Biscuit .. SOO 48 47U, 4714
National Lead -800 19% WW 19S
Ncrth American .. 900 121% 119 119
Pacific Coast . .... 70
Pacific Mall ... . " 37
People's Gas 2,000 101% 10n% 101M
Pressed Steel Car .. 1,400-43% 43 431I
Pressed Steel C pfd 200 83% 83 83
Pullman Pal Car :... .. •>¦}]
Republic Kteel 1,300 ,17% 16% 1(5%
Rtpublic Steel pfd 200 72% 72% 72 V,
£usar 14.200 12fi% 12B % i 2 r,%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,400 C2% Cl% 62W
Union B & P Co . 15LJ
Union B & P Co pfd ct -u
U S Leather : 4,500 13% 19% jW
U S Leather pfd... 1,000 83% S3% siiu
U S Rubber ..... 3C0 10% 10 WVi
V 8 Rubber r«.. . 57??
U 8 Steel C3.100 40 88% MU
U S Steel- pfdr.... 2,200 90% SS% S9'%
Wehtcrn Union ....• 8,300 S9% S9 - S9%
Total shares sold. 599,050
NEW YORK BON'DS. .
U S ref 2s reg. .109'/t iL & M unif 4s... 10.1
Do ref 2s coup. .109 Vi I Mexican Cen 4s r-isj
Do :{ S reg 10s | Do 1st lnc ... ' 30*
Do 3s coup 108 Minn & St L 4g "io3
Do new 4d reg.l37Vi M K & Texas 4s'ioo*i
• Do new 4s coup. 137 }i| Do 2ds y>u
Do old 4s reg..lll. |X Y Central lVts!lo55
Do old 4s coup.. Ill 1 Do gen 3'/.s- 109
Do 53 res: 105% N J Cen fceii «3.!l3SV,
Do 5s coup 105'/j Northern Pae 4s: 104*1
Atchison gan 4s.. 102% Do Ja ...... ' 73
Do adjust 4s.. . 'Mtu Norf & W con 4s".101ti
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s. m«P
Do 3%s 1»«VJ StL&l M con Os 118
Do conv 4s lotf St I. & S F 4 b <jn
Can South 2ds ...100 StLouls s W lets 97*,
Central oi Ga fa-lOSU. . Do 2ds .,. . &•{
Do let inc '84%. San A & A P 4s yo
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l07Vi;Southern Pac 4s.. !)5K
Chi & Alton 3%s. 85% Southern Ry 5s.. 12:5
C B & Q new 4s. 05>ijTexas & Pac Ists 121
C M&StP een 4s. 115 Tol St L & W 4s! 82*1
C & N W con 7s.. 134 Union Paciflc 4s.. 105X4
C B I & P 4s. ...112 Do conv 4s.. lOtiW
CCC&St L gen 4s. 103% Wabash lsts ...,120V.
Chi Te.rm.4s 89 Do 2ds 110%
Coio & South 4s.. !*."•"¦<,( Do deb B... . 74T4
Denver & R G 43. 103 »4 ! West Shore 4s....ltt
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% >W & L Erie 4s.. 03
Do c<>n 4s .. S7%'v,'-iBconsin Cen 4s. 93
Ft W & D C Ists. 114 ;Con Tob 4s.. <XZ'
HocklnsVar-iVjs.llO I /8
NEW YORK. MINING STOCKS. . '
Adams Con 20 Little Chief .... n
Alice 45 Ontario ..75
Breece 50 Ophlr .'..l'10
Brunswick Con.. 11 Phoenix ... .... .00
Ccmfctock Tunnel 05M. Potosi ... ....... ¦ 23 .
Con Cal & Va...l 25 Savage ... 10
Dcadwrvod Terra. 75 Pisrra Nevada .. 20*
Horn.SiH'er ....140 Small .Hopes .... 40
Iron Sliver- 72 Standard ... ....3 00
Loadville Con... 00 j
PORTLAND, Or., May 19.— Clearings, $736,
321; balances, $142,379. . .
SEATTLE, Wash., May 19.— Clearings, $6CS,i
247; balances, $02,771.
TACOMA, Wash.. May 19.— Clearings, $306,
103: balances, $51,751.
SPOKANE, Wash., May 19.— Clearings,
$319,094; balances. $47,664
North em Business.
' NEW YORK. May 19.— Close— Money on call
was easier at 2@G per cent; close offered at 3
per cent. ; > ' .t ' ¦ -_
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent.
h,,ef e » Un ? i xch , an S e w as firm, with actual
«nrt nf L K iS r V kers biUs at ?i S7 V* tor demand
and at $4 84% for sixty days
Posted rates, $4 85^ and $4 88.
Commercial bills, $4 84@4 85
Bar silver. 51 &c. •
Mexican dollars, 41%c. '
acfive^ S^n° Ve i' nn \! !ntSl steady : States, in
active, railroads, heavy.
New York Money Market.
corner of Fifteenth and Castro streets, W 120
by S 71:9; also property in Alameda 'County;
gift.
Robert Stewart to John Sanderson, lot on
S line of Twenty-first street. 75 W of Po
trero avenue. W 25 by S 70; $800.
Giovanni and Luigia Taleri to Oscar T. Lun
ing. lot on E line of Stockton street, 102:6 3
of Green; also 22:5^4 S from S corner of
Montgomery avenue and Stockton street. S 35,
E 47:10%, NW 45:6%, W 18:9%; $25,000.
Mary and Louis A. Guerena to Willis G. Wit
ter, lot tin SE corner of Pacific and Mason
streets, S 48 by E 75:6; $10.
Louis, Maria. Charles C. and Marie Haub
to Caroline P. K. Smith (wife of George F.).
loc on W line of Jones street, 68:9 S of O'Far
rell, S 22 by W 71:6; $10.
Bridget O'Neill to Joseph O'Neill lot on SW
line of Fourth street. 30 NW of Freelon, NW
50 by SW 80; also lot on SW line of Ninth
street. 100 SE of Bryant, SE 50 by SW 10n;
also lot on SW corner of Fourteenth and Fol
som streets. 6 110 by W 175; also lots 13 and
14. block 510. Bay View Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
frank Garcia. C. M. Gerrish, C. S. Tllton
¦(executors estate of Angeli R. Scott) to Henry
Myers, lot on NW lino of -Mission street, 2t'5
SW of Sixth. SW 25 by NW 85; $12,520.
Kenry and Pauline Myers to Dora C. Brown,
same: $10.
Scott H. and Mary L. Slmonda - to Jam«a
Deely, lot on SW corner of California street
south (Deeth) and Fourth avenue, S 100 by \V
32:6; $10.
Albert Meyer to John and John D. Griswold.
lot on Wline of Seventeenth avenue, 200 N of
I street, N 50 by W 120; $10.
Mary E. and C. J. Flatt to Oscar Heyman.
lot on E line of Charter Oak street, 25 N of
Augusta, N 50 by E 100, lots 300 and 301,
Silver Terrace Homestead; $10. .
T. H. Christianson to Niels A. and Bertha
H. Andresen. undivided half of lots 64 and 56,
Gift Map 1; $10.
Felix and Melvia Chappellet to Mary Me-
Krnna lot on N corner of Russia avenue and
Paris street. NE 60 by NW 100. lot 3. block
11, Excelsior Homestead Association; $10.
Odd Fellows". Cemetery Association to Georga
W. Best, lot .in cemetery; $215.
County.
David Pavia (widower) to Henry ,J. Hoff
mann, lot on W line of Baker street. 120 N of
relton. N 40 by W 128.97. lot 1(5. block 8, map
Hcrzog Tract. Golden Gate. Oakland; $10.
W. W. and Frances C. Woodcock to John
R. Hodge, iota 1 to 3. block 7, map San An
tonio, East Oakland; also lot beginning at in
tersection of SW line of the 200-acre tract
comprising" the town of San Antonio with cen
ter line of Twenty-first avenue. SE 115. SW
21.7 NW 100. NE 15, to beginning. East Oak
land; $10.
Joseph and Barbara Alkalay (wife) to Char
lotte A. Whitney (single), lot on NE corner
of Dwlght Way and Prospect street, N 50, B
150. S 60. W 150.36. lot 1. block A, 'map
Batchelder Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Albert E. Oleson (single) to Joseph A. and
Ann E. Snipe (wife), lots 29 to 31, block 65.
map tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, Berkeley; $10. - .
Virginia R. and William J. Dlngee (and a*
attorney) to H. S. Lindsay, lot on NW corner
of Bancr&ft way (as now existing) and Cali
fornia street. N 222.15. W 129.25, S 100. \V
129.25, S 143.30. E 259.35. block 1, map prop
erty and location of Spaulding Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
H. S. Lindsay (single) to Peter O. Kins,
same, Berkeley; $10.
Emil K. Latham (widow) to Annie E. Chres
tefftrsen (single), lot 25. block G, map Latham
Terrace, deed and agreement. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Louis Pfund to Barbara Pfund (wife), lot on
S line of Tobler street, 236 E of Bray avenue.
E 42.64. S 179, W 29.44, N 178.52. map Lamp
Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Union Savings Bank to Laura E. Pinkstom
(wife of W. D.). lot on N line of Monroe or
Sixteenth street 325 W of Fruitvale avenue (a*
now established). W 40 by N 158:5, lot 10.
block A. map Church Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
James E. and Annie E. White (wife) to Mary
Fogarty lot on E line of Willow street. 106 M
of Encinal avenue (since widening), N 35 by
E 100 block E. map property Pioneer Home
stead "Association. Alameda; $10. •
Ferd Formhals (executor estate Charles Sted
man) to Emlle Ader, lot on N line of Pacific
avtrue 50 W of St. Charles street, W 94:11
by N 150. Alameda; $1263.
Ellen M. Mowry to George B. Mowry. all in
terest in lot on SW corner of Railroad avenue
and Morton street, S 150, W 150, N 50. E 50.
N 100. E 100. lots 9 to 14. block 27. Map Fltc^
Homestead Tract, .Alameda; also all rights, in
terests, etc., that may be awarded to first
party in action 18,533. now pending In the Su
perior Court, Alameda. and all. rights of re
demption in said premises; $1.
Halver and Mary Ellingson to F. P. Wright,
lot on N line of Thirtieth street. 70C E of
Grove, E CO by N 140. lot 41, block 20S3. Map
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
John H. and Jessie C. Styles (wife) to James
F." Wijrgrins. lot on SE corner of Santa Rosa
avenue and Vernon street, S 40 by E 132. lot
17. block B. Map Stanford Tract. Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts-
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum (owners)
with T ngerson & Glaser Co. (contractors),'arch
itect none — Art glass and other work for win
dows in chapel on lot on W corner of Eigh
teenth avenue South and N street. SW 430 by
NW 600- $1070.
Felix H. Irvine (owner) with J. E. Miller
(contractor), architect Charles Haynes — All
work for a three-story frame building (three
Cats) 'on lot on S line of Thirteenth (or Rid
ley) street. 100 E of Noe. 25 by 120; $8750.
Henry McCarthy (owner) with Jonathan An
derson (contractor and architect) — AH work for
a one and a half story frame cottage on lot
on W line of Noe street. 223 N of Twentieth.
N 25 by W 125. M B 112; $2250.
Stuparich Manufacturing Company (a cor
poration (owners) with Richard Keating (con
tractor), architect Herbert B. Maggs — Grading,
excavating anU concrete work (floors or drive
way of boiler-room not Included In this con
tract) for a four-story brick, one-story boiler*
room and a two-story frame building on lot on
NE corner of Eighth and Brannan streets, 6S:9
«„ riohth and 275 on Brannan: $2338.
lot on S line of McAllister street. 161:3 W ot
Scott, W 27:6 by S 137:6, quitclaim deed; $1.
Adeline C. and John S. Martin, Margaret
B.. Sarah J., Alice J., Cyrus. Mary V. and
George *R. Chambers to same, same; $10. v
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to John F.
Whclin, lot on E line of Masonic avenue, 100
N of Haight street, N 50, E 93:9, S 12:0, fe 25.
S 37:6, W 118:9; $10.
F. S. Butler to California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company, lot on S line of Washington
street." 176:3 E of Locust. E 30 by S 127:SVi.
quitclaim deed; $1.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to Frank J. Devlin, same; $3000.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Agnes T.
Kilday, lot on S line of Waller street. 66 W
of Steiner. W 25 by S 105, lot 3, block 1,
Marion Tract (hospital lot); $10.
City and County of San Francisco- to Hlber
nia Savings and Lean Society, lot on NW line
of West Mission street, 212:10Ti NE of Her
mann, NE 51:1% by NW 75; $- .
Charles M. and Matilda Welshons to Re
becca A. Shipman (widow), lot on S line of
Cumberland street, 205 W of Church. W 50
by S 114; $10.
Frank J. and Gertrude M. Hancock to Vic
tor A. Hancock, undivided one-third Interest in
lot on E line of Hardy street. 100 S Of Six
teenth, S 25 by E 75; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Edward
E. M. and Florence E. Hilbert. lot on W line
of Noe street, 90 S of Seventeenth. 3 30 by
W 125; $10.
George Plummer to Josephine Magagnos, AI
bertine. George E. and William P. Plummer
(children), lot on W line of Castro street, 71:9
S of Fifteenth. S 84 by W 120; also lot on SW
MONDAY. MAY 19.
Charles and Caroline Tldd to Henry E.
Bothin, lot on E line of Polk street. 80 S o£
Lombard, S 32:6 by E 71:10%; $10.
Amelia Elseman to Frank L. Greenberr, lot
on S line of Sutter street, 137 :tt W of Bu
chanan, W 27:6 by S 137:6; S10.
Henri and Helen Fabreque^o Casper Zwier
lein, lot on E line of Stelner street, 110 N of
McAllister, N 27:6 by E 137:6; $10.
Fritz Gercke to Minnie Gercke. lot on W
line of Steiner street, 110 S of Fell, 3 27:8
by W 110; gift.
Wells, Fargo & Co. to George N. Braendlein.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The general packing of the past several
weeks 1 has materially reduced,, the supply,, of
Butter, and the market is reported steadier in
consequence, with perceptible firmness in the
upper grades of creameries. Prices, however,
show no improvement as yet.
. Cheese continues weak and plentiful.
__ Receipts of Eggs continue to fall cjf, but
this is largely offset by the decreased demand
usual at this time of the year, when people be
gin to leave town. The Alaska orders men
ticned last week have been almost filled The
majority of dealers say that they can get 19o
for an occasional box or two of fine large se
lected ranch, but this figure is hardly general
enough for a quotation. .The Exchange reduced
its quotations to lC@17&c for ranch and 15M>@
16c<for gathered.
Receipts were 33,500 pounds and 191 tubs of
Butter, 1210 cases of Eggs; • cases of East
ern Eggs. 4G00 pounds of California Cheese and
pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 20c per pound for fan
cy. 18%@19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy. 16@lS'/6c; store Butter. 14@16o
per pound.
CHEESE— New. S%@9%c; old, 9@llc; Young
America. S@10c; Eastern 13S215c per pound
.EGGS— Ranch, 18@18^o for fancy and 16®
li^c for fair to goud; store, 15@16c per dozen.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, May 19.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, May 17, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat,. 33,757,000, decrease 1,725,000; corn,
4,870,000, decrease 827,000; oats, 3,024,000," in
crease 07,000; rye, 1,135,000, decrease, 211,000;
barley,-C63,CO0, decrease 150,000.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW. YORK, May 10.— The cotton market
opened steady with prices 3 points higher to 2
points lower and' closed very steady with prices
net 2 to 12 point3 higher. -. ¦
New, York Cotton Market.
Local stocks and bonds still quiet.
Silver aud Exchange as before quoted. .
Wheat quieter. Barley lower and Oats caster.
Corn and Rye as previously quoted. ' \
Middlings higher. Bran firm. Better, feeling in Hay. .
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
P.-.tcr steady, Cheese weak and Eggs as before.
<\oih»tg wrtt' i« the Dried Fruit market.
Provisions dull and featureless everywhere;
Heps, Hides and Wool itiichangcd.
Live and dressed Meats as previously quoted.
Pacific Codf.sh marked up.
New Potatoes firmer and old zvcakcr. New Onions lower.
Summer Vegetables in light receipt and firm.
No change in Poultry and Game.
Fruit market sliozi-ing increased assortments and activity.
There was no Eastern Poultry received, but
one car is expected for to-day's market. The
receipts of Calif ornian were only 5 coops and
the market is -well cleaned up on all kinds.
. .The" usual quantity of Game came in and
sold off well at unchanged prices.
.POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
«i ? P i n l W@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50-Goslings, $1 50@2; Ducks, $4@4 50
forord and~$4 50@0» for young; Hens. $1@5;
young Roosters. $6 50®8; old Roosters, $4 25®
4 50: Fryers, $4@5; Broilers, $3@4 for
large and $1 50©2 50 for small; Pigeons,. $1 75
©- per dozen for old and $1 5o@l 76 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; English Snipe. $3;
Jack Snipe, $1 60.
Poultry and Game
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
MONDAY, May 19—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.: . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 O;: 1 Justice 03 04
Alta 02 03!Kentuck 01 03
Andes * 01 (L' : Lady Washtn. — 04
.Belcher OtJ 07 j Mexican 4» 47
I Best & Belch. 18 19! Occidental ... 19 21
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 125 130
Caledonia ... 7« 77 Overman .... 23 24
Challenge Con 17 19 Potosl 31 33
Chollar 16 17 Savage 13 14
Confidence ... 60 65 Scorpion — 04
C C & Va 1 43 1 50 Seg Belcher.. 02 03
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 21 22
Con N York.. 01 02 Silver Hill... 42 «
Crown Point.. 07 08 St Louis 05 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate...- — OT
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con... 21 23
Gould & C... 13 14 Utah 01 03
Hale & Nor.. 20 23 1 Yellow Jacket 20 21
Julia — 041
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
• ' BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . [Westinghse com.. 103 :
?* n 'pans 5@G Mining- .
lime loans 4^3 Adventure 22&
Bends- | Allouez a
Atchieon 4s 102^4 Amalgamated . . . C7
S as . sUs ~ 9 * J 4 Wes * •-•••• «W
Mexican Cen 4c... 83% Calumet & Hscla.500
w , Gas & Coke - 5 -*'/i Centennial ... ... lSVi
. Railroads— . ,.; . Copper Range ... 50 ',6
Atchlson ... .... 77% Dominion Coal ..134Vi
Do pfd oti% Franklin ... .... 11
Boston •&-. Maine. 197 ¦ lisle Royale 12'^
Boston Elevated.. 103 Alohawk 39
Union Pacific ....103 'old Dominion.... 19%
Mexican Central.. 27*4 Osceola «0
Miscellaneous — IParrot ...... ¦ 2(8 '¦"
American Sugar. .1201,; Quincy ..125
. p^. d ••* 11S '^ Santa Fe Copper. 2^4
Amer Tel & Tel. 177 • Tamarack ... ...168
Dom Iron & Steel. 5:1 .Trimountaln 100
General Electric. .31 1 (Trinity 12^4
Ma?s • Electric ... «%] United States ... 20 ¦
vr D _° P fd • p7 Utah ... ..21%
N R Ga s & Coke. '4 Victoria .....:.. 4H
United Fruit ....107 Winona 3
U r? St , e f l ••••••• 3 » Hi Wolverine 54^4
Do P fd 89<£' United Copper ... 34%
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
PACIFIC CODFISH — Prices are higher all
arcund. Bundles, per lb. 5UC; cases, regular,
5%c; cases, extra large. 6c; cases. Eastern
style, 6%c; Boneless. 6%c; "Norway," «*ic:
"Narrow Gauge." 7%c; "Silver King," 7%c;
blocks. "Orientals." 6%c; blocks. "Seabright,"
7 %c; tablets. 8c; Middles. 7%@8&c; 5-lb boxes
fancy Boneless, 9%c; 2-lb boxes, fancy Bone
less. 8@8%c; Desiccated, per dozen, 90c-
Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7 60; Pickled Cod_
Vilf-barrels, each. $5.
SUUAR— The Western Sugar Reflnime Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
basra: Cubes. A. Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c: Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.23c: Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.05c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 60c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Domino8 — Half -barrels, 4.75e; boxes,
5c per lb. No order taken for • less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13Ms@14c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra Star, 23c: Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 16c;
in cases. 22%c; Benzine, In bulk. 14%c; In
cases, 21c; 8<J-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In
cases, 261&C.
TURPENTINE— 69c per gallon to cases and
63c in drums and iron barrels. ¦
OIL— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
78c: raw. 7<ic: cases, 5c more; Lucol, 6So for
boiled and CUc for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 95c; cases, $1;
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure NeaU
foot, in barrels. -70c: cases, 75c; Soerm, pure.
65c: Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per
gallon; Fish OH, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47 %c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%o for Cevlon and
58%c for Australian..
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattl*, $8 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
en£, $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anturacite Egg. ; Welsh Anthra
cite. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and $17 In sacks: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50
per ton. according to brand.
General Merchandise
BAGS — Grain Bags,. June and July, ,6c; San
Quentin, 5. 55c;. Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%_©Sc. * ¦ . •
$2 25ifi2 50 per box, $1 7G@2 for No. 1 and $1
@1 GO for No. 2; Rhubarb, 35@00c per box;
extra fancy, 75c@$l; Green Peas, 75c@$l per
sack;' Garden Peas, $1 25@1 75 per sack; String
Beans, from Los Angeles, 4@0c per lb, includ
ing Wax;. from Vacaville, 7@8c; Cabbage, 75®
00c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $2 per
crate; Mexican Tomatoes, - — — per box; Dried
Peppers. l«@llc per lb; Los Angeles do. 13@
.li}«c; Carrots, $1 per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 40@75c per dozen for small and $l@$l 25
for large; Garlic, 2@3c; Los Angeles Green
Peppers, 12%@15c; Mexican do, lu@15c; Egg
Plant, from Los Angeles. 7@10c; Summer
Squash, from Los Angeles, 85ci&$1; Marrowfat
Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15®
SHEEP — Receipts. 3100. Market for all Col
orado, 25@35c higher; Western lambs, $6 50@
7 35; Western sheep, - $5 25@0 40.
HOGS— Receipts. 2700. Market, steady.
Light and light mixed, $0 S5@7 25; medium and
heavy. ?7 20@7 35; pigs, $4@6. .-.
ST. JOSEPH, May 19.— CATTLE— Receipts,
800. Natives, $5 50@7 25; cows and heifers,
$1 50®C 50; veals, $3 50@6; stockers and feed
ers. $2 25<S5 35. . ... / . • 1
ST. JOSEPH
SHEEP— Receipts. J7.000. . Sheep' and Iamb3,
steady to strong; 10c higher. Good -to choice
wethers. $6@G 50; fair to choice mixed. $5 50@
6; Western sheep, $«<??(> 50 ;' native lambs, clin
ped, $5 50@C 00; Western lambs, clipped, $5 50
@|J 00;. Colorado wool.ed lambs, $7 40.
canr.ers. $1 C0@2 50; bulls, $2 75@5 75; N calve3
$2«?0 50; Texas fed steers, $5 50©0 00.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, ."5,000; " to-morrow,
23.0C0; left over. 400. Market opened", steady
to strong: closed a shade lower to 10c higher.
Mixed and butchers'. ,$0 95<fr7 40; good to
choice, heavy. ; $7 50@S. 40;: '.rough heavy $7^9
7 30; light, $G 75@7 15; bulk of sales, $7 10
@7 35: •¦ *. ¦.'•. v :¦;. • . •-.-*¦¦, ,»,;¦/ .¦¦;-,¦:¦• .•".-:
THE SAN FEAKCISCO GALL , J TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1902.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
Eastcrn Livestock Market,
NEW TOKK, May 10. — There was a dull and
professional market to-daj\ with a sagging ten
dency, running to acute weakness at times of
one or two points. Covering by room shorts
caused some slight Improvement during the
final hour, but the tone became heavy again
cv.i cksrd so. The recent factors of depression
-nw-Inuecl In force, namely, the uncertainty
orrt- «:^ t-ect of the anthracite miners' strike,
the situation in the local money market and the
crcp outluok. There v.*as some irregularity in
the oi>ening dealings end the hard and soft
c<"»»lfcrs made eor.e stand against depression.
Ti'e craln carriers, on the other hand, were
weak a!i(3 made guile sharp declines of a point
01 more. The reiwrla of heavy rains In the
ICortiiv.'eet were considered unfavorable . for
epring whrat. but the weather in the Southwest
nu K'-'U and winter wheat was reported doing
ivdi. This weakni-ES permeated the list pretty
generally. There v.-a« notable selling r,l the
Vr.itcd' Statew Etcel slocks, which seemed to
Eein force when announcement was made of
Hi-* several protean presented at the rtockhold
«iifc' meeting; to-day against the plan for the
converi-lon of Ftock and issue of bonds. Thl3
•«lllng wai alteced to be Cor Pittsburg contract
and »¦;» the. «ut;j«?ct of much gossip on the
Slock Kscrhange. where it gxvm rise to eonsider
ikli'if uneasiness-. Thu re-iative firmness .of the
cejil stocks wst cue to curjt?nt ifports that tiie
National Civic Federation v/a« still making ef
forts to settle th« Ftriiie. Tin: common opinion
in Wall street n? tc ihf; duration of the strike
¦coBiinues optimistic, in eplte oi the entire fail
ure- of ' last week* b persistent statement* that
there wo-'td I* no strike at all. ; The money
market tvas rather ea^y to-day an a result of
the active measures ts«:en last week to secure
xuJUliiiccat credits abroad and from other
•source* -than the banke. But tiie .clear uiider
».i.iuJ!ng that thf tseeurlnjr- of these new credits
left the general credit situation as a whole uii-
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*.
M E Weed&w, N TorkiH H Jenneas, Sausullta
MissM Baker. Marshf;M D Wooda, Sausalito
Mrs A Thompson. Or (F D Arnold, Chicago
M Rlcherson, Portland ;W P Budlong, Perrls
H J Nelson, Newman IE Bertrandls, Oakland
G L Jones, Oakland !J W Bender, Watsonv
R Schwelckert, Nev !M W Armstrong. LAn*
F Ransch, Nev \F Mullaly, Chicago
E Moore&w. Mass ¦• John Molley, Inylloco*
S J Lynch, Butte >. Miss J Kllen, St Lo«is
11
g ?!« H? —
O «'* m'- "S3
2 3s S~ =-
CTATIONS. ~ I||gjn
: 2 3 :
i ,m
¦ £o
is
a
n
v
S'
3
Astoria 30.00 56 48 RW
Baker 29.78 50 52 XE
Carson.. 29.78 48 28 N
Fresno 29.70 70 4G W
Flagstaff 29.54 36 28 XW
Pocatello, Ida.29.44 54 32 NW
Independence..29.62 56 34 N
Loe Angeles.. .29. 70 70 52 SW
Phoenix 29.60 70 5« SW
Portland 29.96 58 46 S
Eed Bluff 29.80 66 60 N <
Koseburg 30.02 54 40 W
6acramento...29.74 66 52 KW
E&ltLoke 29.50 4S 36 X
8an Frendsco.29.82 60 48 W
E. L. OblEpo.,.29.84 C2 38 W.
Ban Diego 29.78 62 58 NW
Seattle 29.94 64 44 KW
Spokane 29.74 56 38 SW
Jfeah Bay 29.94 46 42 SW
¦Walla Walla..-29. SO 56 42 W
¦Wlnneniuoca...29.70 50 30 NW* I
Ttana 29.62 74 56 W
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Pt.Cldy
Bnow
Cloudy
Pt.Cldy
Clear
Pt.Cldy
Cloudy
Clear
Cloudy
Pt.Cldy
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
Pt.Cldy
Pt.Cldy
Cloudy
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
.04
.00
.01
' .00
.30
T
r .00
T.
¦ T.
T.
.00
.OS
' .00
T.
.00
.00
• .00
.00
.16
.00
.24
T.
.00
Temperature, 7 a
m
-48 degrees
g ?!« H? —
O «'* m'- "S3
2 3s S~ =-
CTATIONS. ~ I||gjn
: 2 3 :
i ,m
¦ £o
is
a
n
v
S'
3
Astoria 30.00 56 48 RW
Baker 29.78 50 52 XE
Carson.. 29.78 48 28 N
Fresno 29.70 70 4G W
Flagstaff 29.54 36 28 XW
Pocatello, Ida.29.44 54 32 NW
Independence..29.62 56 34 N
Loe Angeles.. .29. 70 70 52 SW
Phoenix 29.60 70 5« SW
Portland 29.96 58 46 S
Eed Bluff 29.80 66 60 N <
Koseburg 30.02 54 40 W
6acramento...29.74 66 52 KW
E&ltLoke 29.50 4S 36 X
8an Frendsco.29.82 60 48 W
E. L. OblEpo.,.29.84 C2 38 W.
Ban Diego 29.78 62 58 NW
Seattle 29.94 64 44 KW
Spokane 29.74 56 38 SW
Jfeah Bay 29.94 46 42 SW
¦Walla Walla..-29. SO 56 42 W
¦Wlnneniuoca...29.70 50 30 NW* I
Ttana 29.62 74 56 W
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Pt.Cldy
Bnow
Cloudy
Pt.Cldy
Clear
Pt.Cldy
Cloudy
Clear
Cloudy
Pt.Cldy
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
Pt.Cldy
Pt.Cldy
Cloudy
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
.04
.00
.01
' .00
.30
T
r .00
T.
¦ T.
T.
.00
.OS
' .00
T.
.00
.00
• .00
.00
.16
.00
.24
T.
.00
Temperature, 7 a
m
-48 degrees
AUCTION SALES
Auction sale at Arcade Horse. Market, 321
Sixth St., WEDNESDAY, May 21. at 11
a. m. I will sell 30 head of sound, young
horses from San CarUs Stock Farm. These
horses are from 5 to 8 years old and weigh
' from 1C0O to 1500 pounds. Horaes can be
seen at stables. JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock
Auctioneer.THE * SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,: MAY 20, 1902.
12
HELP WABiTEP— FEMALE~Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .....429 Bush St.
......... HOTEL' DEPARTMENT
. 4 waitresses, springs, fare paid, parties here
v $25
2 more waitresses, Arizona, free fare $25
j 2 waitresses, south, fare paid. .......... .$20
Chambermaid to wait, same place. ..$20
• Waitress, .watering resort ; $20
2 waitresses, summer resort, short distance
...'. : $20
Women, general work, hotel, country, fare
... paid $25
Man and wife for laundry work, summer re-
. sort, fare 'paid '. : '...$50
Mangle girls. Institution, city $15
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT \
Ranch cook, fare paid, $25; waitress, private
family, country, see party here, $30; woman
with a child, country^ $15; houseglrls, city
and country, $10-$30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
A — 2 INSTITUTION nurses. $30, room, board
and washing; see boss here. 10 o'clock. -
' . . C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush at."
A— SCANDINAVIAN or German houseglrl; no
washing; $25.'
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush stl
WANTED — Girl to do general housework; must
understand cooking; two in family; to re-
side in Alameda. 1257 Octavia st.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies for fancy
dry goods. Call at KOHLBERG, STRAUSS
& FROHMAN'S. 107 and 109 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, $8 per week; work
only 6 days per week. BREUSS Cafe, TO
Third st. 1 -. •• .-.• ; ¦ .
EXPERIENCED talloress on military blouses;
good wages to the right party. 916 Market
5 Bt., room 82.
GIRLS* wanted; factory work. Call 27 Jessie
St.. 8 to 10.
LADY partner wanted; palmistry parlor. Call
• afternoons 478 Fell St., MRS. EARLE.
WANTED— Good finisher on coats. 364%
Third st.
GIRL to assist with housework; small family.
1232 Octavia st. .
YOUNG lady, knowledge of stenography, light
office work; salary $10 month. Box 473,- Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist In general
housework; sleep home; wages $15. 794 Ellis.
WANTEt) — A' girl for general housework; good
, wages. 203 Valencia st., after 9.
GIRL to wait at table; no Sunday work. 511-
513 Brannan st.
WANTED — Girl for- general housework; need
not cook; small family. Call 1831 Eddy st.
GIRL for plain cooking and light housework;
family of 3. 3022 Clay st.
WOMAN to wash dishes In small restaurant.
1510 Kentucky st.
WANTED — German girl to do chamber work
.and wait at table. 1534 Kentucky at. , 'Petrero.
A SALESLADY for fancy dry goods store;
state experience. , Box 466, Call office.
GIRL to care for 2 children; wages $12; aleep
home. 300 Baker St., corner Fell.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY" TO LEARN
HOW. TO SEW OVERALLS; "WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING: pTEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI 6TRAUSS & CO.. 82% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. '
PANTS finishers ; 75c a pair; steady work.
858 Howard St., bet. 4th and 5th, over hand-
ball court. - • ' ;
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
and stock, shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia.
WANTED — Several salesladies for Mission dry
goods store. Box 8S1, Call office. .
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — A woman to cook . for men. Ap-
ply at 2030 Seventeenth st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking
2211 Buchanan st. ' . \ ' .
WANTED— Housekeeper for small family. Ad-
dress box 7, Sunol Glen, Cal.
WANTED — 5 girls to learn halrdresslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required: brlnr ad; costs only $3 60; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class; be-
ware of imitations; ours first and only college
of the kind on Pacific Coast. College. 233
Geary St., rooms 13-15.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR." DAVIS.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position. In stores
- and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
BUTTONHOLE maker and finishers on vests,
' and finishers on pants. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
OPERATORS and learners on muslin under-
wear; paid while 'learning. G. W. REY-
NOLDS. 597 Mission St., corner Second.
WANTED — A. competent, strong and clean Ger-
man girl for general housework In a small
family; wages $25. Address box 900, Call.
EXPERIENCED inside and outside hands' on
children's dresses. \220 Sutter st., room 25.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay. 656
Mission St., third floor.
OPERATORS to work in factory. 656 Mission
st., third floor. . /
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 656 Mis-
sion St., third floor. ,' .' ¦ . < ,.
GIRLS, to sew on buttons. San Francisco
Mfg. Co.. 523 Market st, ¦
WANTED — Experienced shlrtmakers. EAG-
LES ON & CO.. 535 Market rt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call b>~nch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
25 LABORERS for factory work, short dis-
tance from city, $2 day; 0 young men for
laundry, $7 week and Increase. J. F.' CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
FLOUR miller for < country, $60 and increase;
ratchet setter, hydraulic miner and tool
sharpener. $3 day; 2 blacksmiths, • $45 and
. $50 and found: 3 blacksmiths' helpers, $1 25
and board and $2 day; 10 carpenters, city
and country, $3 50 day; boy for' paint shop,
$1 week and increase; carriage woodwork-
- ers and painters; harness maker; 2 shoe-
makers, $2 day; boys to learn machinists'
trade; head donkey, man, $3 day; spool tend-
ers, $2 50 day; 2 edgermeh, $3 day; lumber
pliers; laborers about mill and woods, mines
and pick and shovel work, $2 day, and
others. J." F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. .
COOK ' and wife, country hotel, $80; hotel
. cook, ' $60; 2 hotel sacond cooks, $30 and
$40; 2 night cooks, $50 and $35; restaurant
cook, $70; chop house cook, $45;- boarding-
house cook, $40; waiter and wife, country
hotel, $55; 2 hotel waiters, $30 and $25;
restaurant waiters, dishwashers, potwash-
ers; elevator boys., bell boys, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
5 DRILLERS, $2 25 a day, free fare; 6 mllk-
ers, $30,, $32 50 and $35 and found ; 2 sack
. - sewers, $3 day; farmers, . $25 and $30
and $125 and $150 a. day and found: 2
farmers and wives, $40 and $50 and found;
stableman, company horses, $25 and found;
2 choremen: sheep herder, $30 and found;
butcher; man to cultivate orchard, $30 and
found;, stableman, private ' family, $55; driver
for milk wagon, $35 and found; choreman,
gentleman's palce, $25 ' and found; team-
sters, $1 25 and board - and $2 day, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
.- 628 Sacramento Bt. •
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
. 69 3rd St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush' 405.
Teams... Teamsters and laborers for railroad
Office fee $1
:' . . ; .All points in Nevada and . Utah
Salt Lake Division
Free fare ....:.. Free fare
300 teamsters .......$2 25 and $2 50 per day
200 laborers ".$2 25 per day
250 rockmen $2 25 per day
' 150 concrete men ' .$2 25 per day
Free fare. ..'Office fee $l...No other expense
, ....Men for Sawmill and Lumber Woods....
: 2 head setters $3 per day
10 lumber pliers... $39 per month and board
4 woodsmen ...... $40 Der month and board
- 10 men to grade on skid road.. $35 mo. & bd
6 men to load shingle bolts.. $40 mo. & board
/......CARPENTERS FOR COUNTRY
3 carpenters . ..'. ....$3 25 pe r day
5 carpenter helpers .............. .$2 per day
Long job; steady work; 4-or 6 months......
5 ranch hands and haymakers.. $1 25 day & bd
• 6 haymakers. $1 25 per day and board
> ; CAL. EMP. AGENCY. ...... G9 Third st.
PACIFIC. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay
-Phone, Main ,1191.
- 300 . teamsters, concrete ' men and rockmen,
steam shovel dumpers. $2 25 to $2 50 per day.
. .'.-.'.'. ....5... Free Fare
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake divis-
ion; ship direct; fee $1. ....'..........';.....
t 160 railroad men, S. ¦ P. , Co. " and Santa Fe;
j free fare. ...'....'...".....;.........
, lband sawyer and 1 bench hand....... $3 50
' ,-¦ 20 boys to learn trades ; ; . .
' R: carbullders .$3 ,j a y
4 cabinetmakers ....$.1 day
3 shoemakers, -country $2 day
25 tanbark peelers, top wages
4 solicitors and collectors, city..' .
-Waiters, from ..'..:.. $20 to 'S40
k Many Qther positions., Inspect our bulletins.
MAN and. wife,- private place, $50:- man "and
' wife, ¦ ranch.- $50; a man < to do ; chores. $1S
I .MRS NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED^-FEMALB.
REFINED lady,:iood cook, \ wishes position aa
• housekeeper; no washing; wages $30. J Box
... 856,- Call. .• ..; . ;-:;,-.- ¦•-. .... " .. - ¦ .. /, - ¦ - - '
WANTED — Situation by a lady piano player;
1 city or country. \ Box 857, ¦ Call. •
COLORED girl- wants place to work by. the
day or aa_ maid. 1326 Pine st/ .'¦ ¦ ¦ _¦
WINCHESTER House. 44lrhird~st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c. to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; .convenient and, respectable.; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -M ALE.
YOUNG man from the East desires a position
aa collector; has had several -years' experi-
ence. Address box 898, Call office.
ALL-AROUND Germanrhandy with tools, gas-
oline ¦ engine, horses, ¦ knows how to milk and
is good gardener. Box 897, Call office.
CHARCOAL— Good open hearth burner;
open for engagement. Box 896, Call office.
LUNCHMAN or confectioner's helper; single
German wishes to tend lunch counter, to open
oysters, is willing to work as helper with a
.good confectioner • to finish ¦ his trade.
: GEORGE W. SZOKE, 907 Howard st.
BARBER wants work; short hours. Box 472,
Call office. --, . - •, ¦__
ELDERLY man likes the work, to tend to
horses or cows and to make himself useful
about the place; city or short distance in the #
country; references if reqlred. Address J.
LANZ. 278 Natoma st. ;
SITUATION wanted with some large concern
by expert mechanical draughtsman; 20 years'
experience in. the East; designing,.- building
• and perfecting machinery; in or out of city.
R. M., box 828, Call office. :
WANTED — Steady Job on ranch by man and
wife; ¦ man to do general ranch work and
wife to cook for 4 or 5 men; good refer-
ences. Box 1000, Call. .- ;
WANTED— A position in private family: - un-
derstands gardening, horses and general
.handy man about. the place. Box 854, Call.
WANTED — A position as lunch man or to tend
bar: speaks English and German; city or
country. Box 1790, Call. . .
MAN, 23 "years, educated and of neat appear 1
ance, wants work; formerly: a sailor; high-
est references. • Address box 853, Call office.
WANTED— Position by man and wife to care
for small fruit ranch; Al references. Box
873,.Call office. . :
YOUNG German with • experience desires po-
sition In grocery store. ! C. P., 201 "Mont-
gomery, ave. . ....
HIGHLY intelligent and well educated Japa-
nese desires employment In store or office;
advertiser is just arrived from Australia after
residing -20 years, and is well- accustomed to
thorough European manners and ways. Ad-
dress X. J. X.. box 470, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. . ' ' . - : .. • ¦
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— Handsome driving cart, seat-
lng 4. for a gentle buggy horse. Box 831. Cail.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; U. 3.
licensed stock brokers: stocks 'and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; stocks .underwrltten'on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific 1 States
Investor," an up to date financial .paper;
•we have always opportunities for • investors
to come In on the ground -floor of
propositions; correspondence sollclteW. Pacific
States Mining and Investment- Co... 326 Post
st. ', established 1802. r. - r '-.v '. " •
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wranper for mailing. SI per year.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT bay-window top flat; 6 rooms and
: bath. 735 Minna st., near Ninth.
MODERN flat of 3 rooms at 943 Sanchez st.
O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern sunny 6-room flat;
yard; basement: reasonable to good tenant.
PERRY, 117." between Third and Fourth— Up-
per sunny 6 rooms and bath.
PIERCE. -2935 and 2937— $32 50 and $35; ele-
gant new 0-room flats. Just completed.
TO let— Flat, > 4 rooms, bath, gas; $15. 131
San Carlos ave.. nr. 18th st.
TWO nice sunny flats. . 1112-14 Fell St.. near
Scott. ' . . . '
$35— UPPER sunny, corner flat 6 rooms and
. bath.- 218 Van Ness ave., near Hayes.
$26 60— NICE flat;" 6 rooms and bath; choice
location; beautiful view. Ill Liberty st.
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
FLATS^TO LET— yURNIsaiiiO.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 5 rooms; sun-~
ny; piano, gas range; rent reasonable; phone
Fell 1371. 814 Scott at., between McAllister
and Fulton.
FLAT for sale cheap; 5 rooms and bath; every
room sunny; good location; low rent. Box
899. Call office.
AN upper flat, 6 sunny furn. rooms and bath;
rent $27 50. " 1620 Central ave., near Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517— 4 rms. ; bath ; gas range.;
garden: $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FURNISHED FLAT WASTED.
WANTED — Furnished flat from- 5 to 7 rooms;
located between . Jones and Van Ness, .Eddy
. and Post; adults.- Box 875. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
BUSH, 2718 — For sale; completely' furnished
flat of 7 rooms, piano; everything almost
new; sunny side; rent $32 50. Call 5 to 8.
THE new and up-to-date furniture and carpets
of an 8-room modern sunny flat near ¦ Van
Ness ave., on Eddy st. , Box 994, Call.
; 4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of- 7-room modern flat for sale;
reasonable. Call. 11 to 1 938 Geary st.
HOUSE, 7 ' rooms, bath, basement; furniture
and carpets for sale cheap. 842 Capp st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
. reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.-
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
. . GLOVES.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
_HELP "WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, 35T"disliw^herr~$20r~and r 2
waitresses, $20. same hotel; flrst-class cook,
2 In family, no washing, , short distance coun-
try, see lady at office this forenoon; flrst-
class cook, no washing, San Mateo, ' $30 ; 26
cooks and girls for housework, . city and
¦ country, $25.. $30: flrst-class laundress, $30;
. chambermaid. , watt ono meal, $25; 14 wait-
resses, city hotels, spring!! and resorts, $20,
$25;. 8 second girls, city. $20.. $25. $30; wait-
ress for bakery, $7 week ; 3 cooks, country
hotels, $30. $35: cleaning woman, home, $20;
nurse for children. $20; cook and second girl,
same house, country. $25, $20; cook and sec-
ond girl, same house, city. $25. $20; girls
¦ for housework. 3 in family, Alameda. Ap-
Ily to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, flrst-class resort, $35, see
. party here; 2 waitresses, tame place., $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. . .
FOUR waitresses, mountain resort, $25. fare
one way; 2 waitresses, first-class resort, $25,
• room, board' and washing; 8 waitresses,
springs. $25 and $20. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335
Geary st. ¦¦.-.- .
TWELVE waitresses, commercial and city ho-
tels. $25 and $20. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335
• Gtary st. ,
L AUN DRESS, $30; second girl, $25; cook. $30;
hcuseglrl, $30: housekeeper, $10; ranch cook,
• $25; cook. Institution. $25; nurse, same plac»,
$20; cook and second girl,- same house $30
and $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
•SECOND girl, -good waitress and' seamstress;
references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at.
SWEDISH girl, good cook and .houseworker;
references. MRS. NdRTON. 313 Sutter st.
NEAT woman or. girl to do cooking and assist
in general housework; no washing; r per-
manent; wages $20; references. Call to-day
from 10 to 12 a. m., 1588 Fell. St., corner
Central ave.. Hayes- st. cars. ; •
WA NTED — Young lady assistant In office ;
¦ ' must write a good hand. , Address In own
'. handwriting, stating experience, salary, etc.,
box 474, Call office. ;• ;¦'.-
AT Larkspur, a middle-aged woman for gen-
¦ eral housework : 2 adults and 1 boy 3 years.
, Apply,A."MORGENTHAL. 63 Flood building.
WANTED— Good laundress in ' : a private ' fam-
ily; '; city..' references '.required; wages $30/
Call from 0 to 12 vA m.. 621 Leavenworth st.
GIRL wanted -^ to : do : general ; housework and
plain cooking ; ; German preferred. 2431 Fol-
som st.; call from- 9; to 12 a. m. . ; . *
WANTED— A* good vest operator: also one girl
. ' to assist . on machine. . ; Apply factory S. N
•••; WOOD & CO..' 27 Geary st., top floor.- . ..1
WANTED— Girl to assist in light housework
•and do. plain cooking ;'family of 4; wages $16
Apply to-day in the forenoon 251 Scott st. .".
nrSINESS CHANCES---C«ntlnnea.
A — HOTEL of 28 rooms, clearing $400 a month.
will be sold on account of Ill-health. • • •
Grocery and bar. north of Market . st. ; good
location. • • • Coffee saloon in central
location. • • • Bakery, in a good country
town. . • • • ¦ For particulars, call on JOS.
STRAUB. S50 Market st. . ¦'
A— $325; BRANCH bakery and variety store; 4
rooms; cheap rent; bargain. STRAND, 1007%
Market st.
WANTED — Partner in building and contract-
ing business; German preferred. Apply at
Call office. Third and Market sts.
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse in good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call office. , .
CIGAR stand on Market St.; must be sold to-
day; sacrifice; sickness. -Box 465. Call.
WANTED — To buy small laundry route. Apply
or address 532 Third st. M. MOONEY.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 222 McAllister
street.
. lodging-houses for sale.
a few' sampleT of our large~^ist"
we have many others not
advertised,
call. we can suit you.
Any place . in the city sold on payments. |
30 rooms; clears $250; a snap $3,200
12 rooms: elegant; Ellis st.: reduced to .1,400
12 rooms; transient; clears $60; paymts 550
6 rooms: Geary St.; a bargain 350
200 rooms; Just listed; Investigate 10,000
18 rooms; always full; clears $S0 650
20 rooms: clears $50; only 200
17 rms.; long lease; clears $100; payms 1,100
20 ROOMS; MORTGAGED; MAKE OFFER.
60 rms. ; rent $150; bargain; clears $500. 4,250
15 rooms; housekeeping; clears $80 1,000
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
006 Market st., cor. Ellis, rooms 7-8.
WINSTON & WOLF,
. ' 1026 Market st.
NEW, HOUSES JUST LISTED
157 rooms; new and modern; clears $450. $9500
125 rooms; modern bldg.; clears $325... 5500
92 rooms; rent $150; corner; N. of Mkt.. 3500
35 room*; corner: rent $120; part cash.. 2600
i 3S rooms; rent $85; a money maker 1800
SO rooms; rent $52; clears $78 month... 875
MITCHELL &. HORNLEIN, 'l206 Market «t.
We have rooming-houses, all , sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city. ¦ *
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; tunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good ..." 700
15 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $40; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadbouses, flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market St.
A CAMERON & CO.,
' 850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business |
to cell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit ¦
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses, !
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1V4 per cent.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
£50 Market St.— (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Lean Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. 1
BARGAINS and many choice Investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times. Bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. \
LODGING-HOUSE. 20 rooms; rent $65; price
$900; terms. MORRISON & CO.. 2C Montg'y.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous ;
sacrifice. MORRISON & CO., 28 Montg'y, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSE, 30 rooms; rent $75; eleva-
tor; all outside rooms; sell on easy terms;
investigate. Morrison & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
FLAT of C rooms, nicely furnished: all new;
good location; on business street, nr. Market;
rent low; will sell reasonable; no agents.
Box 1723. Call.
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market et. (upstairs), near Call building;
good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 458;
Big list hotels and lodging-houses. .
FOR lodging-houses — From $200 to $0000; bar-
gains; snaps, etc.; some very cheap and good;
only honest trade. McBRIDE & CO., 765
Market st.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. room 10
(Glarccw block).
$750— LODGING-HOUSE 16 rooms; best loca-
tion; cheap rent: clears $60 per month: value
In sight. P. S. DE LU.CA & CO.. 318 Kearny.
$100 PUTS you in* charge of a rooming-house
clearing $35 Der month. 320 Third St.
LODGING-HOUSE of 11 rooms; nice little tran-
sient. 20S O'Farrell st., corner Powell.
SPIRITUALISM. \
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test seance.
Sun., Wed. and Fri. nizhts: every one re-
ceives test: 25c; readings daily. 1052 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1161 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night: Prof. Mc-
Laughlin's hypnotic demonstration. C05 Mc-
Allister; 10c.
Mrs. Hubbard, 109 Oak — Cfrcle Tues. & Fri..
8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; 10c; readings daily.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market. .
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests,
10c; readings dally, SOc. $1. 132 Sixth st.
W. G. KEEGAN. test seance every night except
Saturday: 10c: sittings daily. 14S Sixth st.
ETHEL CRINDLE. special materializing and
vocal seance to-night, 50c. 325 Ellis st.
EDWARD EARLS. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr. Guerrero;
circle Friday eve., 25c; readings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dajly:,test toall to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE?'
The Great Reader of Human Destiny.
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS THE
FIRST GRADUATE CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST EVER IN SAN FRANCISCO.
EXTRAORDINARY clairvoyant power, com-
bined with his superior knowledge of occult
forces and the science of palmistry, enables
1 him to read human' destiny with unerring ac-
] curacy. He advises you whether or. not you
, wll' be successful In mining, business, specu-
lations.' Investments, lawsuits, love, marriage,
etc. He tells you why you have poor health,
poor luck, unhappy homes, broken engage-
ments; why you are a failure In business. In
love, marriage, employment, games of chance,
\etc. By proper advice he reunites the separat-
ed, restores lost affections, how to marry your
choice, makes you successful In- your busi-
ness, gives you good luck, "teaches you to
locate hidden treasure and mines, so that suc-
cess is sure." He has assisted thousands to
health ¦ wealth and happiness who had given
up in despair. Why not you ? Palmistry taught.
Medlumistlc persons developed. '127 Ellis st.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the. present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you . are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satlsf action guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — IEMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st..
cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
Dp. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
in person* 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — secend sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes- true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
Et., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
SPECIAL— $1 readings for 25c. this week only
to. all presenting this ad. MADAME WALT-
_MAN, 205 Turk st., ground floor, hours 10 to 8.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st.~ clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names ;50c-$l;10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MADAM MARCEAU, card reader and clair-
voyant; ladles and gents 25c. 1601 Mission;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSEN. well-known clairvoyant, cards
palm., 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th. r. 14!
MME. WALTERS, great card reader, la. 25c ¦
gents 50c. 051 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. 704 Howard.
JUST arrived— Myrtle Potter, card reader and
palmist. 208 Powell st., room 1. •
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high ¦ psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C59 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SI 5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22U1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tntil 9 p. m.
3 00 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
109C Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner 'Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
:gQ0 Fillmore street: open, until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. R
M., will meet THIS (TUESDAY) ..Jk
EVENING, May 110. at 7:30 o'clock. T»
stated meeting. V. M. and M. E. M. I^W y
tiigrees. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TCES-
I-AY) EVENING, at 7 :."i0 o'clock. D.
1. Order \V. M. " /V>
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13C, F: and A. M.. a
125 Eddy Et.. meets THIS EVEN- IV
ING. 7:30 o'clock.
GEORGE F. PEN'LINGTON. Sec. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. m
M. First degree THIS (TUESDAY) \
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. tf a
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. />T'
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. -<*r#Wa.:
0. F. — Members attend an lm- ¦=^5? l '^>!sv
1-ortant inciinE THIS EVEN- <5359£k^
ing. * < ?//ir^ >
HORACE W. HANNA. Noble Grand.
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P.. will
couftr Esquire Rank WEDNESDAY, }t£>
May 21. lVKS!. at Pythian Castle, 909 <SN&£
Market st.. at 8:30 p. m. Members flr**
of sister lodges cordially invited.
M. J. EROPHY. C. C.
O. XORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
KOTX-.JE to the stockholders of The Risdon
Iron and Locomotive Works is hereby given
that. In pursuance of a resolution of the
Board of Directors, of eaid corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
board, held at the office of the corporation.
In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 17th day of
March, 1902, a meeting of the stockholders
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
will he held at the office of the corporation.
No. 298 Steuart st., in the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California (the same
being the. principal place of business of said
corporation and the building where the Board
of Directors usually meet), on WEDNES-
DAY, the I'lst day of May. 19CJ. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., lor the purpose ef con-
Eicering and acting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said corpo-
ration to the amount or six hundred thou-
sand (COO.OOO) dollars. United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys i
to purchase additional property to complete
the works and extend the business of the
corporation, and lor legitimate and neces-
sary purposes. By order of the Board of
Directors.
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
£ tertiary of The Rl&don Iron and Locomo-
tive Works.
ANNUAL Meeting — The resular annual meet-
tnc of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 20th day of May, j
19C2, &t the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electins a board of directors to
rerve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be- j
•ore the meetmc. Transfer books will close ,
on Friday, May 10, 1902. at 3 o'clock v. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec. ]
Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
THE Board of Medical Examiners or the State
of California will hold a special examination
at examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission. City Hall. San Francisco. CaL. I
commencing TUESDAY, May 27, 1902, at
10 a. m. I
CHAS. C. WADSWORTH. M. P.. Sec. j
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly j
Call. 16 L-ajres. tent to any address in the
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Man of good standing, large ac-
quaintance, to sell stock in a new mfg. com-
pany; if ability is shown position will be
piven in company; reference exchanged.
1. M. C. box 595. Ca.ll. ¦
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc: legal papers drawn; consultation free; no j
advance charges; open eve's; call or write, i
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. "W. HOWE, S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Uet rt.'. consultation free; no fees in advance. I
! I
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange. !
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. S05 Market. 19S8 to 1974 Page. -
BIRDS, DOGS, E^b]
KOBISON'S BIRD STORE— " ~
US and 337 Kearny Et.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home with refined family (2 adults) for j
child going to school: $7 month. 1610 Va Bush; |
phone Polk 2797; references exchanged. i
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market; tel. Howard 194<t.
BL'SIXESS CHANCES.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $U50 per month; estab.
years; the best investment in any kind /Of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2t>Ja Kearny.
A— $800: PARTNER wanted In fine paying and
best located restaurant on Sutter St.; sick-
ness comt>eLs owner to take rood man as
partner or »ell the whole business. See R.
G. WILKE, 2S^ Kearny st.
A— $800; RESTAURANT and chop house op-
poeite railroad depot; place established years
aud doing & good-paying business. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny 6t.
A— $'J50; SALOON In wholesale district: rent
$42 60; Dlace is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying business; only reason !
for eale partners bought hotel in the coun- i
try. Particulars R. O. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
et.; established for years and known as flrst-
claas paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent $99; investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny Bt.
CANDY STORE ...CANDY STORE
IN SAN JOSE.
Location unsurpassed: fixtures the very best
Stock will Invoice $5500. Swell Ice cream
parlor. Factory well equipped
Can be bought at your own price.
Make us an offer
LINCOLN INVESTMENT CO. inc
C20 Market Et.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants.
Uuadries, ealoons. hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call or write for our free list HEA-
LY & CARP. Realty and Mining Co 713
Market st., room 406; tel. James 4121. '
$1500— AN elegant oyster and chop house; best
location; cheap rent; dally receipts guaran-
teed $35 to $40; sells at sacrifice on account
of sickness; look at this before buying else-
where. Apply P. fi. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny
St.. room 1.
BUTCHER shop; fine fixtures; good cash trade-
old-established business; horse, cart; must be
60ld this week;»on easy terms; don't miss it
Call Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine st. *
RESTAURANT— $100 cash and $200 on time-
good business for man and wife. McBRIDE
& CO., 7C5 Market Et.
A GOOD-PAYING fruit store for Bale, on ac-
count of Immediate departure: be»t location
on Market St.: transfer corner: any one can
run It: cheap rent; living rooms; only $225-
must be sold to-day. 1944 Market st.
IF you want to buy good money-makinir res-
taurant, call at 410 Kearny st. Owner
going East; must be sold this month.
$400^ — RESTAURANT and oyster house; cen-
trally located; business clears $100 month-
sacrifice on account wife's sickness Box
851. Call office.
FOR eale — Tea and coffee route; .profits $200
per month; price $1500; no agents. Box 1797
Call office.
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dis-
• trict; reasonable. Box 1792, Call.
FOR " BALE — Blacksmithing and horseshoeing
business. 1718 Flllmore fit.
$100 — HALF Interest In real estate office; Mar-
ket et. ; central. Address box 1721. Call.
$5000 ADDITIONAL capital; wholesale business
in connection with manufactory. Box 870. Call.
HOWARD and 19th — Grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms: stable; rent $15; price $300.
RESTAURANT for eale — Cheap. 138 Second
•tree* • . ¦
~ CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT and palmistry. L. EHM. 1427
Ellis St.. near Buchanan.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ins works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng.1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
lei. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RLDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr... 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 120.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop..
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74. *-
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless Euccessful. Room 310. 927 Market nt.
____ DENTISTS^ ,,_„;_. _..j.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4lh. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, -extractions free, $4 50
' up: office hours, 9 a m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason—
Ew pert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c:
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth" st.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 80c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist. •
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S11 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught ; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch St.. nr. 7th & Howard.
OEDUCATI O N AL. '
HEALD'S SCHOOL. OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical ; day and night. 24 Post fit.. S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A— IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions In March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
ness College, 1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; Indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st. '
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
St., for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 630 Golden Gate
ave.. S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all 'graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. .120 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Pupils on piano. 80c lesson at their
homes. 328 Bush st., room 4. third floor.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. -1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'.S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1S63: new SO- pug e catalogue free. '
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,- Chi-
. nese help. 426* Powell,nr.Suttfer;tel.Black 6072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert; reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Beet help. 41116 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable bousecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501. . ¦
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RFXIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment O*-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S1S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day. or
half day. 710^ Jones Bt.
GOOD willing woman wishes situation to do
general housework; city or short distance in
country; good plain cook and laundress. 227 1^
Minna st. , < .
j YOUNG woman of refinement, trained nurse,
would render light services of any kind In
private family, city. In . exchange .for room
and board while awaiting nursing calls. Box
694, Call office. •
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman
to do general housework; wages $12; is a
good cook; city or country. Address 1100
Powell St., cor. "Washington.
YOUNG German girl wants housework In a
good family; no children.; wages $16. 825
Shotwell St., rear house.
BY a professional nurse, a few more patients
for massage treatrtfenf at their homes; ladles
only. Address bdx 880, Call office.
YOUNG woman, experienced hospital nurse,
desires invalid; will travel. H. G., 1259
O'Farrell st. i ¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires to cook and
assist- with housework for a' family of adults;
ladies only. Please call 130 Second st.
COMPETENT German girl would like position
for second work in small family. Call In the
forenoon. 704 Howard St., near Third.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper by refined
lady; no objection to children; or would cook
.for men. Please call 68-76 Ellis st., room 66.
SITUATION wanted housecleaning or as Janl-
tress or help with care of child; sleep home.
MRS. B., 90 Shipley st.
EXPERIENCED American woman desires work
by the day; thoroughly competent; will do
most anything. 106% Third st., room 114,
up 1 flight of stairs. • , , ¦ .
COMPETENT girl wants position in a private
family at general housework; good plain
cooking;' wages $20 to $25. Please call 331
Tehama st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for gen-
. eral housework; wages $20. Please call at
316% sRltch st., bet Brannan and Townsend:
WOMAN, with reference desires to be employed
half days at washing or housework; terms
Wc.v Box B. Call branch. 300 Hayes St. ¦ .
YOUNG woman with a child wishes place as
working housekeeper. Box- 469," Call -.office,'
WOMAN wants work by day washing, ironing,
housecleaning. MRS. SIEBOLD, 77 Natoma.
GERMAN woman that speaks English | to take
care . of invalid lady ; no housework ; . wages
$20. Apply at HARRIS*. 105 Stockton st. ¦•.
A. WOMAN with a child wants to assist In
light work in small family or take care < uf
baby; city or country. Apply 319. Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl as
chambermaid or to do second work. Apply
at pastor's residence of the Swedish Metho-
dist Episcopal Church. 1039 Minna St., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth. ' - ; 1 • . . . .
SWEDISH girl wants general , housework;
wages $20. 42 Elliott Park, . between O'Far-
rell and Geary sts., near Stelner. * - ¦;. . ¦
JAPANESE girl wants general housework and
plain cooking; $5 per week.. 147 Buchanan at.
GIRL wanted to do general housework .* and
cooking. Box A, Call | branch, 300 Hayes st.
COLORED woman wishes . position as . maid I or
nurse to lady (with or. without family) going
to Honolulu; first-class references; 1 moderate
wages. Address 1320 Pine st. ' - . ' *;
|
AT C.'r! HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
.. New Railroad Work
Free fare Free fare
• FOR NEVADA
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con-
crete men J ....$2 and $2 25 a day
3- carpenters -$3 a day
Camp blacksmith $00 and board
Camp cook *w '
, FOR CHATSWORTH PARK ...
500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and outside
laborers $1 75 to $3 a day
• Ship To-Night
Free fare Free fare
30 farmers and milkers. $25 to $35 and found;
6 carpenters, near city. $2 50 a day and
found; 3 blacksmiths. $40 and $50 and found;
coachman with references. $30; 20 laborers,
near city, $2 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....'.....
Head cook, hotel, $75; second cook, restau-
rant. $70; second. cook, $50; third cook. $:J5;
for hotel in Arizona, free fare; 6 waiters,
country hotel. $25; 3 cooks, country hotel, $4O
and $45- baker and pastry coik, country
hotel $45; 2 bell boys, hotel, $15; dishwasher.
kitchen hands and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .429 Bush st.
ERRAND boy for our office. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 429 Bush st^
A— BOOKKEEPER for a hotel, $60 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
WANTED — Boy of 16 j>r 17 years, residing
with parents. Box 1745, Call office.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trad*,
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard Bt.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25*
to 60c. B63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bull is, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 8th.
WANTED — Amateur* musicians to Join a. mili-
tary Reed band; also for string orchestra,
328 Bush st.. third floor, room. 4.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
. Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket 200 rooms. 23c night ; reading rooms; frs«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions)
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsamenta and
subscriptions has 'been established at ie»«
Valencia rt. _^
HORSES AND WAGONS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken: corns and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange 344
Third st. WM. Q. LAYNQ. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Hors« Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday a*
Ha. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses^ — Tha famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire OHM3BT.
2C Montgomery st. • " • - ¦ ' • '
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived.
' several fine road and business horses, n«W
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, ccr. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying t»
M. L. PAN-COAST. Sec. 810 Golden Gate av».
LARGE handsome bay horse for business) or
surrey: safe for lady. 507 Jessie st., nr. 6th.
PHAETON. $40; top buggy, $40: bugsy, $20;
big horse. $35: tent $7 50. .79 City Hall ave.
CAMPING wagons, suitable for family; also
express wagons and surreys. 1634 Mission.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harcess.work.driving horses. 15th& Valencia.
"AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO 1.ET.V
A — PRINTED list nousea to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
' 10 Ewer place.
HOUSES TO LET — -FURNISHED.
ONE year or longer^ — Fine residence, 12 rooms,
bath, etc.; completely furnished; will sell at a
sacrifice; large garden; pleasant surround-
ings; reasonable to responsible parties; Mis-
sion warm belt. 129 Liberty st., near Twen-
ty-first.
FUR'NISHED house to let; months of June and
July only; 11 rooms; piano and telephone; .
rent low to desirable tenant. 2526 Washing-
ton st.
SINGLE lady or married couple can ' have oc-
cupancy of house in return for care of same.
Apply 3 days, box 596. Call.
HOUSES TO LET — COUXTRY.
MLNLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms.
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Q*ary.
HOUSES WAXTED.
COUPLE wants house or flat to care for dur-
ing summer for free rent; best references.
Address box 874, Call office.
INVESTMENTS.
HAVE YOU a!?Y~MONEY TO INVEST?
Have you the same foresight as the Standard!
OH Company. Santa Fe and S. P. R. R. Co.1
Can you spare $5 per month?
Then invest In the City of Richmond.
Official map mailed free. * >
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.),
, 182 Crocker building. 8. V.
SPLENDID investment — Point Richmond land;
great" bargain; small tract. Aeart of town,
suitable to cut Into lots. THE INVESTORS
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F. _
IX ST AND FOUND.
LOST— Either on -the street or at Orpheura
, Saturday night, a purse containing a. few
sliver dollars belonging to a young gtrL
Please return to Call office.
LOST — Sunday. May 18, solitaire diamond stud;
$50 reward. A. HOFFMAN, 13 Third st. 1
LOST — From wagon small pkg. containing laoe.
etc. Return 120 Ash ave.; liberal reward.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel. Return to 1609
McAllister St., receive reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch. May 16. Berkeley
train or Oakland boat. Notify box 1799, CaiL
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 413 Powell
St.; teL Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds: mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J. F. Hotter.721 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR, SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machineryTMcIN^
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sella or rents, gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures: bis stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 682 Mission.
DOMESTIC and New Home Sewing ma-
chines: good order; cheap. 1915 Mission st.,
, near Fifteenth. ¦
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma.
chlnery. H. S. "WHITE. 130 Beale st.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new. cost
$250, , will sell if taken at once for $100 cash:
bust 38. Box 1728, Call.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movins
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE ensrines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 4a Fremont st.
SAFES-^New and second hand. THE HEK-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McManters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 819 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic- .
tures. BUIXARD ft BRECK. 131 Po«t st.
„ BIISCET.LAXSOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
' full - dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton gt. : phone Bush 484.
HIGHEST prices paid for diamonds and seaN
sklns; will call; confidential. Box 4tS8. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jesata 233t.
I.WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskin*;
send postal; win call. Box 49C0. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition.' FarnsworthElectrlcalWks..413Turk.
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor AGENTS.
...634 and 63tt Clay St
I Office open 7 a. m...
4555 MEN FOR RAILROADS
Come See Ship . . You . . Free . Come Sea
To Elko, Modeen, Nevada, Heron, 7 Iron
Point, Vista; Wadsworth. Rockeby, Deeth,
Battle Mountain. Reno and other places on
. Nevada and Salt Lake division. 1
750 Teamsters... ...750 Laborers
350 Rockmen ......... .260 Concrete Laborers
28tt Drillers .......90 Car Dumpers
95 men to work on ¦ steam shovel.
Carpenters' helpers. Wages for R. R. help
are $2, $2 25, $2 50, $2 73, $3, $3 50 day and
- FREE FARE.
FREE SHIP TO-DAY FREB
25 laborers, ballast gang, truck gang at
Santa Fe R. R. Co.'s own work
Butcher, country shop, near city. $30 found,
coachman. $30 found; 4 farmers and wives,
$53 and found; 2 milkers and wives; young
men and strong boys, city factories, $1.
$1 25, $1 50; gardener, near city, $25 and
found; 5 roustabouts, $25; chore man. Catho-
lic institution $30 and found; 2 handy men;
5 laborers./ city factory, $2 day; 15 chore
boys; 26 stable men. city, country, $40. $50.
$60; come see;- 6 teamsters, city Jobs; $35 and
found; 19 chore men; 3 road teamsters, $60;
IS laborers, manufactory; 26 teamsters, near
city, various Jobs, $30, $40 and found.
Man to kalsomine Man to polish floors
Vegetable man for mine boarding-house, $30
and found; boy to help on milk wagon. $20
and found; 5 sack sewers: nurserymen and
¦ gardeners; 12 boys to learn trades; 6 men to
help build fence, $20 and found.FREE FARE.
. . MECHANICAL [ DEPARTMENT
5 carpenters for mine,' $00; 12 house carpen-
ters, $95; 19 blacksmiths and 5 helpers.
$2 50, $3. $3 50 day; 6 brick molders. $75: 5
brick setters; brick burner; 5 carriage paint-
ers; 2 shoemakers; 5ti other mechanics; come
I . see us ; work In city and country ¦• .
To Sawmills Fare Paid. .....To Woods
187 . laborers, "'various mills." $30, $35 found:
68 woodsmen, $35, $40 found; 10 road build-
ers, $35; shingle packers; gang edger men:
lumber graders, and every other class of
men used In mill and woods; woodchoppers.
tie makers all over California by the hund-
reds.
/ To Mines and.... Other Departments
*66 miners, various different mines. $65, $70.
$85, $90: 18 muckers, $75; 18 laborers, surface
work; furnace men; machine men; quartz;
other miners.
LABORERS.
City Jobs .... Factories ....Country Jobs
26 laborers, handy with hammer, city, steady
Job, $2 25 day, board home; call early; 12
laborers, city Job, board home, $2 day; 9
laborers, factory, city. $2 day; 3 handy men;
,27 laborers, city, $60; 14 laborers, city. $42
found; 25 laborers, manufactory, country.
$60; 12 laborers. 12 miles from S. F.. free
fare, $60; 164 laborers for other positions;
come see us.
FARMS. DAIRIES. .~. .
HAY FIELDS •. . . .HARVEST FIELDS
ORCHARDS, VINEYARDS. FRUITS, ETC.
29 mowers and hay men, $30, $35. $40 found:
. 6 fruit pickers; 36 men for various hay
ranches, $1 25 day and found: 56 vineyard
and orchard hands. $25. $30. $35 found; 39
milkers,. $30. $35, $45 and found: 6 cheese
makers; 9 butter makers, $40 found; chore
men and boys; 27 general ranch hands, some-
stock farms, $25. $30 found.
HOTEL, BAKERY— Other Departments.
28 cooks, different places, $55, $50. $45. $40,
$30, $25 found: 26 waiters and helpers and
boys. $20, $25, $30. $35, $40 found; 37 kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc.. $15. $20. $25. $30
f cund ; 6 porters ; 2 bell and elevator boys, $10,
$15. $20. $25 found; 6 roustabouts; sliver
men; vegetable men. $30 found; 12 bakers,
helpers, etc., $50, $45. $30. $25 found; old
man around city saloon; old man to cook.
..Hundreds of Other Positions. Come See..
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY-READY
BEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay St.
ANDRE'S office. 816 Stockton st. — Cook, plain
boarding-house,' $40; pantryman who cpn
.make salads, country resort, $30; dishwasher
for springs, $25; 2 potwashers and dishwash-
ers, $30; porter for institution, $20 and found;
kitchen, hand for a delicacies store, $5 a
week; boy to deliver oysters, $15 and found;
fry cook, $50; second cook. $9 a week: farm
hands. $25 and found; 3 men for pick and
shovel work. $1 a day. etc.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE,' 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Night clerk, $30; barman, $25; dishwasher,
S25.
WANTED — Agents for "The Martinique Hor-
ror." Elaborately Illustrated. Sample, en-
abling you to make from $5 to $17 dally, post-
paid free. Address Globe Bible Publishing
Company, Philadelphia. Pa.
1 EXPERIENCED sash and door cutter; 2 ex-
pert bench workers ; good wages. • Ingler &
Young Mill Co.. Fourth and Washington sts.,
Oakland, Cal.
"WANTED — For restaurants: Flrst-class broil-,
ers, fryers and second cooks: also waiters and
kitchen help; no fee. Apply 526 Montgomery
st., room 1. ¦
WANTED — A German man to drive a wagon In
coal yard; must work In yard. before. 808
Bryant st.
.VANTED — Experienced dry . goods salesmen.
Call at KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROH-
MAN'S. 107 and 109 Post st.
NEAT penman for general office work; state
experience and salary; reference required.
Box 467. Call office.
BOYS wanted. OREENBERO . & GREEN-
JBERG, 31-33-35-37 Grant ave., cor. Geary st.
WANTED — A good lunch cook. Apply at 79
Stevenson st., off Second.
LUNCH waiter, at 814 Third st.; flrst-class
man. . ¦ ¦
WAITER wanted. 916 Michigan St.. Potrero.
WANTED — Experienced stock clerk for cloaks
and suits. CAILLEAU'S, 114 Kearny st.
ERRAND boy wanted. Apply 407 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED man on paper cutter. SAN-
f BORN, VAIL & CO.. 741 Market St.
WANTED — A flrst-class pressman on custom
pants. 411% Kea"rny St., top floor.
WANTED — Strong boy in confectionery. 1503
Geary st. - ¦_
BELL boy to make himself generally useful.
29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Fainter. Corner Henry and Noe
streets.
APPRENTICE to blacksmith. 638 Mission st.
BARBER wanted for steady work. W. FRITZ,
1128 J St., Sacramento, Cal.
SHOEMAKERS wanted on repairing; steady
work. 621 Sacramento st.
A TAILOR to work on coats. 364# Third st.
NEAT boy wanted for merchant tailor's store.
Apply 108 Powell st.
WANTED — A waiter or waitress for lunch,
from 12 to 1. 1507 Market st. '
WANTED— A grocery clerk. 3119 Sixteenth.
WANTED — A younjr man to wash dishes and
help wait on table at 258 First st.
WANTED — To-day, steady, sober man for light
Indoor business: must have $150 cash and be
satisfied with $75 month year around. For
particulars see STRAND, 1007% Market st.
$100 — CIGAR store; good chance for a steady
sober man In manufacturing center; no
night or Sunday work. 257 Fourth st..
near Folsom. • .
BARBER shop, 6 chairs and bath; 3 years'
. lease; one of the best paying shops in the
city; fitted .with finest furniture. STOLTZ,
Barber Supply House. 723 Market st.
BARBERS — For sale: Good paying 3-chalr ho-
tel shop. For particulars, come and see me
632 Third at. ¦ ' '
$50^ — MAN take interest, collect In light manu-
facturing business; $20 per week. 737 How-
ard St., room 64.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men/between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English, For Information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Monf omery st,
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
WANTED — Two young men with $60 each-
37^220^%™* 8eCUred - Ca " -"^
WANTED — Honest man with $125 to take
cash and assist In restaurant; $40 month and
found; no experience. BROWN. 1221 Market
14 t0 21 "»" A ">^
2-CH AIR barber shop and bedroom set- bar-
galn; owner leaving city. 1119 Folsom st
W wi N^ E * D^ S .» C |, tl . y .f O^ er ' rellal >l 0 . young man
with $12o cash: light contracting business) •
,no experience necessary; pays $70 month- ?(i
days' trial. BROWN & CO.; 1221 Market st?
WANTED— Boy In wholesale house to 'work
about store,' sweep out, errands, etc. Apply
at 214 Battery st.. MAIN & WINCHESTER.
WANTED— Young man to do Janitor work;
a so bright young man for stock clerk. Ap^
ply between 8 and 11 a. m.. at HALEBROS/
WANTED— First-class accountant; state~age"
81^ expccted - Addfe3g
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps U
B v DaVy: ab l ebodl ed. unmarried men oF good
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
n™ m™ Uo11 apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. ,
WA , N * T ? D ~^ a Ji Ore » andN> mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
, runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 larg,
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to }2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
' mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated-
iSoiT&'q.V ." OLE ? ' S BARBER CO1 -Isis Theater Is Dedicated.
SAN DIEGO, May 19— Hundreds were
unable .to obtain entrance to the | Fisher
Opera-house last night, the occasion of the
dedication of > the building as the Isis
Theater.'- The new owner, Mrs. Katherine
Tingley, head of the Point Loma Theoso
phlsts, - and H. Z C. .Wyatt of Los 1 Angeles,"
who i becomes manager "of I the playhouse,'
delivered addresses. J. M. Dodge has been
appointed Wyatfs local manager. ;•*.'
Contract Surgeon John M. Shepherd, at
the general hospital at the Presidio of
San Francisco, goes to Fort Schuyler,
New York, relieving First Lieutenant
Theodore C. Lister, assistant surgeon,
¦who is ordered to the general hospital at
the Presidio of San Francisco, r
These pensions, were granted to-day:
California: Original— Michael Ford, Santa
Rosa, $12; , Robert S. Subers,) Bernardino,
$J2; Preston McKinley, Los Angeles, $8.
Increase— Lemuel Jones, Livermore, J3;
George Elemes, Sunol, $12; Peter Schwab,
Oakland, S8;-Levl G. Courtney, Los An
geles,- $8; John Batchelder, Soldiers'
Home, "Los Angeles, $10; John H. Gard
ner. Los Angeles, $8; Robert A. Davidson,
Santa Barbara, $8; Henry C. Worthing
ton, National Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $8; Thomas H. H. . Gibbs, Fresno,
$30. Widows— Hannah B. Weller, Oak
Park, $8; Susan E. Stone, Ramona, $S.
Oregon: Original— George Westfall,
Middleton, $10; Frederick Meyers, Lau
rel, $S ; Edward von Schoock, Montaville,
$0./ Widow— Mahla Smith, Salem, $8.
Washington: Original— Isaac Fisher,
Ccliax, $6. Increase— Clark H. Noyes, Ta
coma, $12; Benjamin F: H. Luce, Seattle,
$24. Widows— Cinnie A. McCall, Mount
Vernon; $8; Elizabeth J. York, Ritz
vllle, $8. '¦¦¦¦ . ' , " ¦:;.. :•.?., ,*' -
. -Navy orders— Lieutenant S. L. Graham
(retired) goes to Mare Island Yard June
25 to act as recorder of the Board of La
bor Employment.
Army orders— The leave of absence
granted Captain John W. Barker, Third
liifantry, Department of California, is ex
tended one month. •
WASHINGTON. May 19.-Postofflce to
be discontinued June 30: California—
Frohm, Santa Clara Count y, mail goes to
Los Gatos. Postmaster appointed: Wash
ington—"W. B. Gray,. Pasco, Franklin
County, vice Frederick Bernd, resigned.
Postal Service and More New
T Pensions Are Granted. ¦
Several Changes Are made . in the
OF INTEEEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
NEW YORK, May 19.— A party of four
New Yorkers made an automobile trip
between New York and Philadelphia, 103
miles, in four hours and eight minutes
Saturday afternoon, breaking all previous
records. The four in the party were Dr.
S. T. Barnes, F. F. Georges. C. Andrade
and W. T. Halney. They used a large
twenty-four horsepower gasoline machine
and started from the Waldorf-Astoria.
The trip ended at the Bellevue Hotel.
Philadelphia. The - average speed was
twenty-five miles an hour. -~ ¦ •• - "-¦¦.-¦.
Automobile Eecord Is Broken.
Hill's Tour of Inspection.
CHICAGO, May 19.— James J. Hill ar
rived in Chicago to-day for the purpose
of inspecting the property of the Chicago,
Burlington and Qulncy Railroad. In .com
pany with President George B. Harris of
the Burlington system he began a ten
days* trip, which will cover the greater
part of the Burlington's property. Hill
said his trip was one of mere inspection
of terminal- facilities and had no signifi
cance.
Moses R. Brailey, City Solicitor, three
counts for bribery; Edgar Eckert, claim
agent of. the Toledo Light and Railroad
Company, bribery; Moses Brailey and Ed
gar Eckert, obtaining money under false
pretenses; Edgar H. Eckert and George
S. Stetter, bribery; James Sheehan, con
tractor on city work, bribery; Fred J.
Young, assistant commissioner, bribery;
Thomas J. Purtile. member board of re
vision, bribery; Ira C. Moore, secretary
board of revision, bribery; Michael How
ard, bribery.
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 19.— The Grand
Jury impaneled several weeks ago and
charged to investigate rumors of bribery
and official dereliction made a partial re
'port to-day. Indictments were found
against the following persons:
Bribery and Unearths Much
Crookedness.
OFFICIALS OF TOLEDO
ABE UNDER INDICTMENT
Grand Jury Investigates Charges of
The Chief Justice and Justice McKenna
dissented, and Justices Gray and Brewer
took no part in the case.
"We hold that the court-martial was a
wholly illegal body and that it had no
jurisdiction whatever."
The United States, in the name of the
warden of the Fort Leavenworth peniten
tiary, appealed the case to the Supreme
Court of the United States./
In delivering his opinion Justice Peck
ham said?
Justice Peckham reviewed briefly the
circumstances of the case, saying that
Deming had pleaded guilty to the charge
of embezzlement and to conduct unbecom
ing an officer during his trial, and that
the court-martial had been ordered by the
major general in command; that he had
been found guilty and sentenced to dis
missal i from the army and to imprison
ment. He then told how Demlng had
been imprisoned at Fort Leavenworth
and had sued out a writ of habeas corpus
to the United States District Court of
Kansas on the ground that the members
of the court were the representatives of
"other forces," contrary to the require
ments of the articles of war, and asking
for his discharge. The court refused to
grant the discharge, but when the case
was taken te> the Circuit Court of Ap
peals for the. Eighth Circuit the writ was
allowed and the discharge granted.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— In an opinion
delivered to-day by Justice Peckham the
United States Supreme Court decided the
case of Captain Peter C. Demlng In that
officer's favor. The case • involved tha
right of a court-martial composed entire
ly of officers of the regular army to pass
upon a case involving the rights of a vol
unteer officer. The effect of the opinion is
that such a trial is illegal.
Senator Patterson read a letter from
W. S. Sniffin of Boston concerning the
letter of a son of the Rev. Mr. "\yalker,
serving in the Philippines, in which it
was stated that he had given the details
of . the killing of 1000 Filipinos. Sniflln
said that, notwithstanding Walker's de
nial, there was in his conduct and state
ments justification for the newspaper re
portj . '
I presume there were about 25,000 troops in
my command, first and last, and I am certain
that not one of them can truthfully assert that
I ever consciously, verbally or in writing, di
rectly or. indirectly, by sign or signal, author
ized, instructed or ordered any of them to use
the so-called water cure, in any form or any
character whatever.
Before O'Brien took the witness stand
Chairman Lodge laid before the commit
tee a letter from General R. P. Hughes.
In his letter General Hughes inclosed a
roster of officers in his command, whom
he said he would like to. have summoned
if his conduct was to be Inquired Into.
Continuing, the letter said: .
Corporal O'Brien described the capture
of La nag in Panay, when a sentry, fired
at a native boy on a caraboo. He missed,
then all the soldiers fired, himself in
cluded. This was not done by orders. The
shooting brought the people to their doors.
One old man was shot in the 'abdomen.
Two other old men came out with a white
flag and both were shot down. Upon close
questioning Corporal O'Brien admitted
that he had seen many prisoners and they
were treated kindly by both officers and
men. He will give further testimony to
morrow. - • .
. Corporal Richard O'Brien, formerly of
the Twenty-sixth Volunteer Infantry, tes
tified to seeing the "water cure" adminis
tered. At Iloilo, he said, three officers-
Major Cook, Captain McDonald and Lieu
tenant Plumber of Company B— became
intoxicated at a reception, took off their
coats, seized some of the native women
and insisted upon their dancing with
them, much to the disgust of the women,
who were above the peasant class. He
said he was not on good terms with hi3
captain. He said also that at one place
a woman with two children was burned to
death in a bamboo shack when the troops
were burning the town. Dum-dum, or ex
plosive bullets, he stated, were issued to
the troop3 in the regular way and did
horrible execution. There were "unwrit
ten orders to take no,,prisoners," which
were " carried out in vthe campaign. He
did not know who issued the orders, but
they were understood to be in effect.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— During the
Philippine investigation before the Senate
Committee to-day a letter was read from
General Hughes denying that he had ever
given orders for the "water cure," and
saying that if such a. charge was made
he wanted the fullest investigation of it.
Say3 That the Court-Martial
Had No Jurisdiction
in the Case.
Supreme Court Decides
in Favor of Captain
Deming.
Corporal O'Brien Testifies
That Explosive Bullets
Were Used.
Another Witness Gives
Testimony Concerning
the Water Cure.
SAYS FILIPINOS
WERE TORTURED
ILLEGALLY TRIED
AND IMPRISONED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi;, v;VTtfESp)iLY,,;-MAY- 20, 1902.
13
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT .
34 Sansome Street, Corner Bush.
GEO. D; DORN 1 N, GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Asst. Manager.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXP REAL ESTATE. >
$10,000— FLATS, 3 blocks from 14th and
Broadway -(business center). A guaranteed
Income for 3 years, under lease at 9 per
cent net on the Investment; property has a
business prospect and should be worth $20,-
000 in one year; stores now under construc-
- tion adjoining this property. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$isoo— new Dirrcfi; colonial.
& rooms and bath, double parlors, a perfect
house; lot 02x140 (note size of lot); all full
vf shrubbery, flowers, etc., outhouses; an
Ideal home and an ideal spot; near Tele-
graph cars; house cost to build $1600, and
the lot is reasonably worth $1500, but It
must be sold- this week; terms only $400
cash, balance mortgage; best bargain ever
offered in Oakland: seeing is believing. J.
S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2300— ORIGINALLY SOLD FOR $4000.
Large cottage of ' 5 rooms, summer dining-
room and kitchen finished in basement; large,
barn; first-class neighborhood; convenient to
the business center; not far from the local
trains; terms ?50O cash, balance on mort-
. gage; this property has merit and should be
seen in order to be appreciated. J. S.
MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
12250— SWISS COLONIAL.
New; the very latest in architectural design
and finish; open and nickel plumbing; 6
rooms and bath; an ideal beauty in every
way; only $400 cash; this property should
sell for $3000, but my Instructions are to sell
' at once, hence the reduction In price; first
come first served; positively no reserve. J.
S. >IYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
"WEBSTER STREET. NEAR 20TH ST.
2 new houses of 7 and 8 rooms, Colonial
style, plate glass windows, finished in eurly
redwood; the most handsome and best con-
structed houses evr offered for sale; 6 sold,
only 2 left: terms easy and the price is low;
seeing is believing; call and be shown this
property; only 3 blocks from the business
center and narrow gauge train. J. S. MY-
ERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$250 CASH," $0.50 monthly — Modern cottage,
just finished, of 4 rooms, bath, pantry- and
closets; superb soil; 4 lots, 100x100; more
ground to it if desired; 32 new buildings gone
up in the past 6 months; near church, school
and electric cars; 4 main roads surround;
. away from fogs and cold winds; just the
place to raise chickens: adjoining Kast Oak-
land: price in all S1500. Call or send for
circulars, 455 7th st., opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. "
MODERN 9-room house just completed on large
lot; near corner of 11th ave and 18th St., East
Oakland: good neighborhood and convenient
to churches, schools, cars and station; for
sale at low price and on easy terms; house
open for inspection every day. B. H. WELCH
& CO.. 5th ave. and 18th st.. Oakland.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. ~H?
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
ARIEL and" sclar flats. 62y^l~Turk^3loT'an3
cold water baths, electilc lights free; fur-
nished or unfur.; tel. East 312, Sutter .41. -
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20.
FILLMORE, 2219, near Clay — Five sunny fur-
nished rooms; bath; nice yard! housekeeping.
SOLSOM," "834^ — Large bay-window room;
kitchen; bath; no children; $3 per week; I
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny : front . bay-
. window suite; 2 or 3 rooms; gas range, bath.'
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
cr unfurnished housekeeping rooms; phone.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny " furnished parlor and
' kitchen; also rear basement suite; gas stove,
. yard, laundry.
LARKIN. 623. near Ellis — 3 or 4 sunny rooms
with regular kitchen; gas range, yard, front
hall; also single room;- price reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— For rent, nicely fur-
nished front housekeeping room.
MCALLISTER, 536 — Large front- sunny room,
complete for housekeeping; gas range; phone;
bath. , . ¦ . -
OCTAVIA, . 1259 — Sunny housekeeping suite;
elegantly furnished; gas- and coal range, j
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geafy — Large sunny
' bay-window, gas stove, $10; front room, $7.
SIXTH, 123%— Nicely furnished sunny front
room for light housekeeping; quiet; cheap.
STEINER. 1325, cor. Ellis— 3 sunny rooms;
¦ modern improvements; piano, phone, -etc.
STOCKTON, 1206— Model house; newly fur-
¦ nished; free' gas; housekpg, " $10 to $12; bed.
TWELFTH. 10, near Market — 7-room flat newly
furnished; newly papered and painted; rent
¦ $30; 4 fine beds; all clean; large yard.
VALENCIA, 1232, near depot— 2 sunny rooms,
furnished hskpg. ; gas stove, bath, laundry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at. ICjU
Valencia st.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllisUr^New7"eTeg7inT
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
. 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary —
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. .conven'ces.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month ; bath ; phone. 332 : Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 3 — Sunny furnished rooms, $150 up
week.
EDDY. 217 — Furnished rooms, double and sln-
gle. $1 CO up; gas; phone; transient.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms 35c,
$150 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
ELLIS, 635, corner . Larkln — Bay-window al-
cove; mantels, closets; 2 or 3 persons.
FOLSOM, 834 — 2 sunny- furnished rooms, with
closet and bath; $1 and $1 25.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
SI 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
JESSIE. 3C3, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and $5 per month.
LARKIN. 707, near Ellis — Newly furnished
front room; rent only SO; in small flat. • •
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offlceg; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished ; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1022%. near Hyde— 2 large sunny
parlors, furnished; phone.
TURK, 543— Large front room; grate, gas and
bath; light housekeeping . if desired; $350
per week. . -
TWO sunny connecting rooms .for gentleman;
central; private family. Box 471,- Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, ,2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valenrla St. .
ROOMS AND BOARD. -'
CORBIN, The, 836 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
x worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suits; all sunny; table first class. ¦
IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
' suite -or single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class bouse;
furnlehed suites or single; steam heat. \
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy Et.. is now under the
management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., April 23, 1902.— Scaled
prr.posnlr, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m. ' Friday, May 23 1002,
and then opened, for construction of Iron
Wharf at Angel Island, Cal., and also Iron
Wharf at Fort Baker, Lime : Point, Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids in whole or in part.'
Preference given to articles of domestic
production, conditions of price and ' quality
(Including in the price \ of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, , and such ¦
preference given to articles of - American
production produced on the Pacific Coast to
extent of consumption requtrcd by the pub-
lic service there. Information furnished on
application to D. D. "WHEELER. Deputy
Quartermaster General. Chief- Q. M.
PROPOSALS for coal — Office qf General
Superintendent, Army Transport Service'
San Francisco. Cal., May 17, 15)02., Seal >d
proposals in triplicate for furnishing- and de-
li verlne on board .army transports ' at San
Francisco, California, forty thousand ' tons
average steam coal, or such portion thereof
as may be required, will be received at this
office until 12 m. June 2. ' 1902,*. and -then
"opened. . Information furnished on -applica-
tion. Envelopes containing, proposals should
.be indorsed. "Proposals for Coal,", and ad-
dressed to C. A. DEVOL, General Superin-
tendent.
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OV
Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901. and for the year ending oa
that day. aa made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of tha
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur*
nished by the Commissioner.
- CAPITAL. .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash ...-. 12,000.000,00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $222,323 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 654,450 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ~-
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4.084,040 00
Amounts of Tynans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities aa
collateral 21,373 00
Cash in Company's Office 8,610 34
Cash in Banks 409.699 06
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 27,308 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13,623 23
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ••...... • 043.838 02
Rents due and accrued.. 1355 84
Due from other Companies for Re- .'
insurance on losses already paid 12.764 57
Total Assets ..$5,898,887 40
" LIABILITIES. - . • : '
.Losses adjusted and unpaid $85,822 31
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ..'. 218,862 18
Losses resisted. Including expenses • 34,756 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,008,-
602 54; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1,004,301 tt
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $£,056,- '
167 46; reinsurance pro rata. ... 1,159 283 13
Commissions and Brokerage due '
and to become due 108,667 20
Total Liabilities .....$2,611,692 15
« INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
' premiums J2.922.078 03
Received for Interest on Bonds and *^"'° "*
Mortgages ' sq xg, *,
Received for Interest and dividends '
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources.. ly eoa ?«
Received for Rents 4.^ 7?
Total Income .$3,115,947 85
__^ m
EXPENDITURES. ' |
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $195,556 64, losses of
previous years) $1,490 ISO 37
Dividends to Stockholders 150 000 00 '
Paid ot allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 561 822 OS
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 121.964 57
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 97.215 S5
All other payments and expendi-
tures 313.558 28
Total Expenditures $2,734,741 07
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. . .$1,615.6S3 19 -
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
- written during the
year $313,578,672 $3,923,493 87
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 208.811,547 2.874,350 84
.Net amount In force
December 31. 1901.. 402.150.165 4.064.770 00
A. W. DAMON, President.
W. J. MACKAY. Secretary.
. Subscribed and sworn ta before me, this 21st
day of January. 1902.
PERCY S. GATES. Notary Publia.
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December,
A D 1901, and for the year ending on
that day as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up^
in Cash ....$1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $399,053 32
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 64., 715 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks _„..„„
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3, 627.469 00
Cash in Company's Office 667
Cash In , Banks • . • • • • • ••• • • 3I9.&'* w
.Premiums in due Course of Collec- .
tion 609.<37 37
Total Assets ,... $5^604. 216J2
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $101,074 S7
Losses in process of Adjustment or
Loscef re P sisttd. including expenses - 23,(500 60
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2,272.- _ ~, a 15
456 31; reinsurance 50 per cent. . 1,136,228 IS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,548.- •
832 50; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,419.258 00
Contingent reserve fund 25.000 00
All other liabilities .......... . 1.9,779 42
Total Liabilities .$3,122.943 12
INCOME. •
Net cash actually received for Fire _ ,„
premiums .$j.4AJ,i»s w
Received for Interest on Bonds and •
Mortgages . . . ; •••••'.•." V 38 ' 828
Received for Interest and dividends ; ....:
on Bonds, \ Stocks, Loans and; _ _ _
from all other sources :;. 153.302 10
Received for Rents 4.158 bO
Proilt, and Loss - ¦ !•>» -Ml
Total Income ...$3.630.386 00
EXPENDITURES. v V
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $200.8W 05. losses of _ _
previous years $1,751.880 44
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 651.599 21
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 207,625 69
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • • • • 110.0G7 74
AH other payments and expendi-
tures ."". 360.594 0C
Total Expenditures ...........$3,202,667 04
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$1,807.068 12
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risk* Premiums. [
Net amount of Risks
written during the H
year •- $520,605,644 $4,704,779 88
Net amount of Risks •
expired during the
year 391,259,277 3,719,379 20
Net | amount In force • •
December 31. 1901.. 506.668.0C5 4.821.283 81
JAMES NICHOLS, President.
;: B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary.
. Subscribed and swora to before me this 13th
day of January. 1902. > , - .
FRED B. SEYMOUR, Notary Public
<>fianahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
I Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.ncaaELLIS ZK£ 5050
PALMISTRY.
PALMISTRY. *~~~~^ "¦"¦" t> ~ s ~ 1
PROFESSOR STERLING, the famous palm-
ist, is here; have your hands read; charges are
50c and $1; office is at 120 8th St.; office hours
are 10 a.- m. to 9 p. m.. daily and Sundays. ¦
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. -700
Post st.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H-JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 581.
__^_ . PERSONALS. '
VIAVI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years; it cured hundreds of ailing women in
its first year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferers every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavi Co..
2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 282. San
Francisco.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits w« make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
cults, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
our new store. C F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 56 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at BUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St., S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc. permanently
removed with electric needle. MRS. COOK,
426 Sutter St.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st. •?
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
LIQUOR habit — A new. safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552, San Jose, Cal.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double, $2 25. EASTERN, OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
LATEST styles of hair dressing from Paris;
hair work a specialty; hair dressing, any
style. 25c G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 43.7 Montgomery st.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
RUPTURE cured: no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing ParJor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Bucfranan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rtcal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths> massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70 Market. :
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray !
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'. !
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the.
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIAJTS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention fi-cm business; ail
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dr<5. Forden &. Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market Et.. bet. Sixth apd Seventh.
A SPLENDID new cottare. ---,- ..
$2750 — $300 cash, balance $25 monthly; 10th
ave., two blocks south of the park; contains U
large sunny rooms and bath; big basement*
latest sanitary plumbing; lot 25x120; offered
cheap to make a quick sale.
J. BASHFORD. 431 McAllister st.
HOUSES — New and up-to-date: If you are look-
Ing for something nice, containing 7 to 8
rooms; Castro and 20th sts.; good view of
city. Apply on premises.
BARGAIN — Near Park; bouse and corner lot:
9 rooms, bath, high basement, modern. • Ap-
ply 800 First ave.: McAllister-street car.
TO be removed; buildings. Mission and 14th
sts. POL AN CO.. 1611 Market st.
FOR sale— Choice building lots cheap; 14th St.,
near Castro. Apply 1045 Fourteenth st.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancbo
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, at
£an Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for pouitry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts In Alameda, San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Mln-
¦lng Co.. 713 Market, r. 406i tel. James 4121.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
__¦ REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
SANTA CLARA home; 305x250; 9-room house,
stable, tank house, outhouses, lake, fish pond;
exchange, city ppty. SPARROW, 107 Geary.
AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Movlng^CoT^of^
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. -571
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. S40
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEW K I TI >6 AND M I.MEO G R A PH I XGL
EXPERT typewriting^ 4c folio: copiesr2cTinlm-
eographlng. 927 Markt. rm. 305; Howard 1538.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. " ."
$2500 — NEW 8-room house. Just completed,
with all modern improvements; lot 50x140.
If you are looking for a bargain come and
see this. W. C. MORAN & CO.,,Lorln Sta-
tion, or C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby Station,
Berkeley.
$500— $200 CASH, balance $5 per month; 3 large
rooms; patent closet ; all sewered; only 3
blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1800- 1 $100 CASH, balance $20 per month; new
5-room cottage; fine mantel and sideboard;
stationary tubs and porcelain bath, etc. ;-3
blocks to Ashby station. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$3250 — A VERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms and
bath in the Daley Scenic Park; large lot-
fine view; a bargain. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
LOT 83x230; 8-room house: stable; windmill":
chicken houses; fruit trees and berries; worth
$3600; will accept reasonable cash offer; $1000
can remain on mortgage. Box 907, Call.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
«tc; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.'
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITYALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — 5 acres. Rose ave. and High St..
Fruitvale.* A. R. HARRIPON. 7ft Geary st.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE. \
HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath, ! unfurnished, up-
stairs, .3 rooms below; in fine condition; sun
all day; large lot; stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot; $17 50
per month by. the year*. S. H. ROBERTS,
Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal. - .' ¦; -
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms.' one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the - Cascades; suitable for : hotel pur-
poses; sunny; to rent by the season or year.
S.' H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley, Cal. -
QHP A. 'Mh STV/TTPTvPT 1
O J- JSZ- -1- -Cj-LVX JZj-LN -L
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS .
OF THE " ' ""¦ "
National Fire Springfield
. Fire and Marine
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DO.NNELL. world-renowned Bpeclal-
irt— Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble
consult the epecialiBt on female complaints'
1 r.Knstrual female complaints positively cor'
' rtcted: the unfortunate helped; relief in a'l
ceses taken: the most difficult cases treated-
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
casts; free, confidential advice on all cubort.
of a delicate nature. DR. G w O'DOV
NELL, office & residence. 1013 Mkt*. op. 5th"
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladi*i?
.recialiet; Instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8
lOCSVi Market st.. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. D WYETH— Well-kno-wn ladles' special.
i«: .10 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post st.. nr. Jones.
MRS. SWKET. »i00 Guerrero, nr. 18th a erad
uate of Rcyal University, Berlin, has 25 vrs '
<xperience in midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement: best motherly
tare; Infants adopted: confinements. $15- rm
&board S5 week: all who are sick or in troubli
congult me before golny elsew're. TeLBlue411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable speclal-
ist: maternity hospital; home for infants Tree-
fee low. OQ(j Market st.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. p ,\LLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
socialist: a private home before and during
cor.fi nemf.nt; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN. 1007* Market St.. near Sixth.
_tr*ats Jadiesonly; relief in all cases taken.
LADIKS— ••Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2, Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bMg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 112C Market.
LADIES— Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls-
price S— Gleason's drug gtore.Clay & Kearpy.
r ?, . ICO J OY KEE - 210 Stockton st. opposite
g Ir.ion Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
y' MINES AND MINING.
PARTY having under bond seven rich placer
alm L and w * ter rights in Trinity* County
7 ££L contr °lling interest in the same
™^f¥S^^J-° P« rfect title. Particulars,
TOMLIXSOX & CO.. 105 Kllis st.
??5^5 Y TO LOAjr.
A— R. McCOLGAN."^4^io^tgom^ry~^*roonraC
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAT.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3>
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-C02 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates........
Property Being Held In Trust
Cnfllvided Interests in Real Estate
Life IilEurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Siies.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. C01-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
5300,000 at 5H and ti per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, .Town and Country Property;
second mortgagee, life insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUD^DING.
AJCY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc., at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
6ON & CO.. 105 Ellis et.. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no* removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
f 10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; Quietly, quickly, confidentially: lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. 6pp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture piar.os; no removal: low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 1*3 Phelan bldg.
CN furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market gt.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory blflg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; £>ans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential: open eves.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister tt.
S% ON furniture St pianoe; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mcney loaned salaried people ,wltnout security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
S1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorscr. MORKELL, 609 Examiner bids.
} LOANS money on salary; no indorser: "Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTRIME.STS.- ~~~
A£~we"are closing out the Hallet & Davis
agency en account of the sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet & Davis $350 styles for $165; 200
pianos. 20 different makes to select from;
hoc special bargains:
1 Bourne $47
1 Weber «3
1 Knabe 03
1 Marshall 135
8 Smith & Barnes |135 to 240
2 Eteinway 205 to ."iSS
8 Heine 235 to 385
2 Cblckering 195 to 280
b Organs 15 to 35
Rents. 12; installments, $3. or your own
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall,
235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arsortment cf bert makes to choose from.
EKEHMAN*. CLAY & CO.. Eteinway dealer*,
cor Kearny and Butter sts., S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts, Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS!
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& BON. 16 to 20 O'Farrellst.: Chickertng,
Mason & Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price at-
- lowed on a new peerless Knabe.. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from ne. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st-: established 1850.
UPRIGHTS at $25 and upward can be seen at
our store, and if you want to get a bargain
call soon; we are showing some fine Deckers,
cheap to dose out; they are good as new.
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7C9 Market st.
A FINE $60 hUrh grade guitar with leather
case for sale, reasonable. 1143 Fotsom st.
FISCHER piano, good as new. will be sold to
highest btdder this .week. EICKELS. 6 Geary.
GENUINE Chappuy violin, for . sale. Apply
Charles Nathan, merchant tailor. 109 Sutter.
SACRIFICE— Latest style upright, slightly
used. 16 McAllister St.. near Jones. .
Cell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 6C0 Hayea st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., »S1 Market st.
Steck. Everett. Ltidwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must ba
fold at once. Room 2, 237 Geary et.
A FINE Eteinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
CNAP — 2 only. new. $450; high-grade upriehts.
drt»pp«?d from catalogue, $250. Bruenn.20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Poet St.; Sohmer
end other pianos and pip» organs. _^
BCT'ERIOn violins, zithers, old and new. ST
MEXLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TURK, 108. close to Market— Nice new plate-
glass front etore. 5 rooms and bath in rear;
eee it. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Mont-
gomery st. ';:
ETORE. with 3 living rooms; suitable for res-
taurant, tailor shop or dressmaking parlors;
rent $20. 310 Flllmore st., cor. Halght.
300 FEET from Third and Market; rent $40:
etcre 25x80; light front, side and rear. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO., 513 California st. -
fcTORE with large basement, below Kearny:
alterations to suit tenant. C3C Clay, room t.
PROPOSALS — Continued.
PROPOSALS for 'Clothing and Equipage-
Depot Quartermaster's, Office, "36 Nvjw Mont-
gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal.. May 20,'
1902. — Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
.received'at this office until 10 o'clock? a. m.,
Friday, Junp 6th, 1902, Pacific Standard time,,
and then opened, for furnishing Jean Draw-
• ers. Light Weight Wool . Stockings,- Woolen
Drawers, Campaign Hats, Regulation Muslin
Shirts, Chambray' Shirts, - Heavy AVool Stock-
ings, Cotton Undershirts, .Wool Undershirts,
Light Weight Collarettes and Wool Under-
shirts, Heavy Weight Collarettes, " Russet
Shoes, Black , Calfskin Shoes, Waist Belts,
Linen Collars and Ponchos. Quantities to be
subject to an increase of 20 per cent, if desir-
ed by this Department. Bids will be opened
. lor the delivery of the same articles at
cither the San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and
Philadelphia', depots; To avoid misunder-
standing as to the exact nature of the ar-
ticles to be furnished. , bidders will ' carefully
examine the standard samples and spacifl-'
cations, so that proposals may be submitted
by Ihem with a full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
the standards and specifications will be In-
sisted upon in the inspection of the goods.
.Unguaranteed bids, and bids upon samples
differing from standards and • specifications,
will, under no circumstances, be entertained.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
inspection at other points than those named
above. will not be considered. Early, deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state In their
proposals the rate and time . of delivery,
should contract be awarded, to them.' The
articles advertised for are the same for
which, bids will be opened at the other de-
pots. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal,* (ln-
, eluding In the price of. foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon) and" such
preference will be given to articles of Amerl-
i can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to accept
or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on apllcatlon. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 4034," and addressed to .Major C. P.
Miller, . Quartermaster, U. ' S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. - - -." . .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
.' city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel.' 5SS0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES),
ALL kinds bcught. sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
• lowest, rates; phone Howard "52ft4. 145 Sixth.
TYPEWKITEKSjINU SUPPLIES.
GREAT~BARGAINS IN TTrPEWRITERB^We
- sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals (3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters j sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec.'Co., 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . . -,
John D. Street, 22, 1428 Golden Gate avenue,
and Marguerite M. Miller, 20, 513 Post street.
Stanley Routledge, 33, Jolan, Cal., and Mar-
guerite Smith, 24, Jolan, Cal.
Walter S. Ford, 21, Oakland, and Emily G.
Josselyn, 17, 4213 Eighteenth street. :
Frank H. Kiefer, 24, 712' Mission street,
apd Irene Hoppe, 19, 1712 Sacramento street.
James Carroll, 35, 336 Vallejo street, and
Margaret Connoiley, 26, 1 16 Broad street.
Henry L. James, 30, city, • and Gladys G.'
McPherson, 26, city. ' •
William C. Wickwire, 23, 505A Jones street,
and Emma I. Curry, 21, Woodland, Cal. .
Rudolph C. Hornune, 28, 1762 Eddy, street,
and Laura A. Borle, 20. 909 Page street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted.' They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MABBIED.
HELMUTH— JULIA— In this city. May 18,
1U02. by Rev. John G. Vogel, Louis C. Hel-
muth and Catherine ' Julia, both of San
Francisco. • ¦
HUBBELL— HALL— In Oakland. May IS,
1902, by the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills, G. A.
Hubbell and Nettie Hall, both of San Fran-
cisco.
KLEINER— JESSEN— In this city. May 17,
1902, by Rev. John G. Vogel, ¦ John Kleiner
and Minnie Jessen, . both -of San Francisco.,
LEGARDA— LOCKH ART^In this cltyr May
16, 1002, at the Church of Nuestra Senora
de Guadalupe, by the Rev.- Jose Fijol, Vi-
cente Legarda and Mary Lockhart. - "
DIED.
Beck, Henry' O'Neill, Bridget
Breckon, Thomas W. O'Rourke, Mary
Breslauer, Nathan Pollitt, ° Jane
Brown, Julius . Pooley, John
Butler, Minna Proctor, Bertene E.
Celler, Samuel Ramsden, Lizzie
.. Duggan,. Harry ¦ Rubino. Giudltta
Edwards, Thelma Samanich. Martin
Feine, Arthur C. Short. Ann E.
Griffiths, John H. Smith, Nicholas
Hart. Walter T. L. Stoesser, Otto
Kelly, Joseph' H. Wade, Owen
Mayer. Elizabeth J. Wright. Robert J.
Nathanson, Dora L. Young, Walter D.
BECK — In this city. May IS, 1902, Henry
Beck, dearly beloved husband of Julia Beck,
and beloved father of John L, George H.,
Charles, Lizzie, and William F. Beck and
Mrs. J. M. Wyckoff and the late Mary
Beak, a native of Germany, aged 72 years
2 months and 4 days.
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully mvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at o'clock, from his late
residence, 1106J4 Treat avenue, between
Twenty- fourth and Twenty-fifth streets. In-
terment . Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BRECKON — In this city,' May 16, 1902,
Thomas W. Page Breckon, a native of Eng-
land, aged 47 years 4 months and 29 days.'
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited : - to attend funeral services
. Tuesday, May 20, 1902, at 3 o'clock, at
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking 'parlors,
. 636 Washington st. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
BRESLAUER — In this city. May 18, 1902,
Nathan, beloved son of Hulda Breslauer,
and brother of Samuel, Louis D., Joseph and
Martin Breslauer and the late Danlella
Breslauer, a native of San Francisco, aged
15 years 4 months and 13 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the • funeral to-day
.(Tuesday), at 10:16 o'clock, from the family
residence, 522 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Salem Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and : Townsend streets.
Please omit flowers. .
BROWN — In Alameda, May 17, 1902, Julius
Brown, beloved husband of Emma Brown,
and father* of Joseph Brown, a native of
' New ' Orleans, aged 54 years and 16 days.
[CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
May 20. at 10:30 o'clock, from Holtz Hall,
Webster . street, Alameda. under ausnlces ot
' West End Lodge No. 175, A. O. U.' W. In-
terment private. |
BUTLER — In this city, May 19, 1902 Minna
beloved wife of John Butler, and mother of
Mrs. A. H. Rising, Louis Butler and Etta
Butler, and -sister of Mrs. Therese Boch and
Mrs." Anna Mitchell, a native of Germany
ItyFuneral and interment private.
CELLER — In [ this city. May 17, 1902 Samuel
¦i Celler, beloved brother of Mark Celler Mrs
S. I. Simon and Mrs. A. Zlrker ot Merced
Cal., a native of New York, aged 54 years
2 months and .15 days. . • •
ICTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 435 Gough • street, between Hayes and
Grove, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
Hills of Eternity Cemetery. Interment pri-
vatfi.
DUGGAN — In this . city. May 1!), 1902 Harry
dearly beloved husband of Sarah* M Dug-
gan, and father of Willie, Percy and Bernlce
E. Duggan, and son of Mrs. Mary Jousiner
and brother of Mrs. Isidore Sellg, a native
of San Francisco, ased 24 years 2 months
and 15 days.
cyNotice of funeral hereafter.
EDWARDS— In this city. May 18 . : 1902
- Thelma. beloved daughter of Richard and
Ella Edwards, a native of California, aeed
11 " months , and 5 days. - ¦ . •
FEINE— In this city. May 19, 1902, Arthur
C. Feine. stepson of . Adolph Felne, brother
HEKRY J. GALLAGHER CoT
'(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher) ¦' I
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80.'
Mt. Olivet Cemetery.
NEAREST THE CITY. '
Office, SI6 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367. ¦ •
NEW FIRM OF "UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.J..
McBrearty, with the -same company tor 10
years; P.- F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor ¦ & - Co., have ' opened new^Kj^ncral I Par-
' lors at 1171 Mission st.', -between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone : South 44. 7 ; ¦
JAMBS McGINN, I
¦ Formerly with ' McGinn ' Bros.,' has opened I
; new Funeral Parlors 'at 214 Eddy St., -bet. 'I
Taylor and Jones. .•; Telephone . South 576. •'; . I
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services to-
day (Tuesday); May 20, 1902. at 1 o'clock,
at the parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co.,
62-56 Mint avenue, thence by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
2:30 o'clock to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for
Interment.
SMITH— In Llvermore. Cal., May 18, 1902,
NicholaB Smith, beloved father of Mrs. Wil-
liam H. Taylor, Mrs.' Charles Olsen and An-
nie Smith, a native of Germany, aged 67
years. . . • .
STOESSER— Otto Stoesser, born at Gagge-
nau, Grand Duchy of Baden, Germany, No-
vember 18, 1825, age 76 years and 6 months.
Cy Funeral Wednesday morning. May 21.
from his late residence, Watsonvllle, Cal.
WADE — In this city,. May 18, 1902, Owen
Wade, ' beloved husband of Margaret' Wade,
' and father of Mrs. Junta Lando and Char-
lotte May Wade, a native of Ohio, aged 70
years ii months and 20 days.
WRIGHT— In this city, May 19. 1902, Robert
J. r/ the beloved son . of Matthew and Annie
Wright, and brother of William E., Mary
A. and'. Eliza J. Wright,: a native of San
' Francisco, aged 13 years 1 month and 14
days. ¦ ¦
YOUNG — In Redding. Cal., May 6, 1902.
. Walter D. ¦ Younr. a native of Brooklyn, N.
Y., aged 53 years. ¦
HUGH McKEVITT. Rec. Sec.
SHORT— In Oakland, May 17, 1902, Ann' E.
Short, beloved mother of Wlllam Short, Mrs.
Ellen , Martin, Mrs. Mary A. Roberts and
Thomas Short, a native of England, aged 71
- years 5- months and- 13 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend funeral services to-
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlorii
. of Valente. Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton at.
i..Interment' Laurel HiH' Cemetery. - " •¦' •¦¦ "
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union — The funeral
delegation, commencing with Rudolph Lopej
¦ and ending with Patrick Mogan, will . as-
semble at their hall, (503 Front street, to-day
(Tuesday), May 20, at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late brother,- Martin Sam-
anlch; . By order. • • :
P. F. WHEARTY, Pres.
IcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill Cem-
etery. I ¦ '
RUBINO— In San Rafael, May 18, 1902,
Giudltta Rubino, dearly beloved wife, of
Peter- Rubino, and loving mother of Daisy
- and Zaira Rubino, a native of Italy, aged
84 years 11 months and 9 days.
SAMANICH— In this city, May 17. 1902, Mar-
tin Samanich, a native of Austria, ae-ed 42
years 2 months- and 7 days. A member ot
Riggers' and Stevedores' Union Association.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services
Wednesday,. May 21, ¦ 1902, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the Congregational church, Haywards.
Interment Ix>ne Tree Cemetery, Haywards.
RAMSDEN— In this city. May 19, 1902, Lizzie,
beloved wife of • P. J. Ramsden, and- beloved
daughter of the late Charles and El well
Ramsden, and sister of "Annie O'Connor and
Rose Curly, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years 2 months and it days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2(SC»i Mission
etreet, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PROCTOR— Near Haywards, Cal., May 11),
1002! Bertene E., beloved husband of Alice
E. Proctor, and father of Hattle, Albertha
and Alice Proctor, and son of J. M. Proctor,
and brother of Wilfred E. Proctor and the
late Charles E. Proctor, a' native of Cali-
fornia, aged 40 years 2 months and 14 days.
ItyFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
' tend the funeral on Wednesday, May 21, at
2:30 o'clock, from the Church of the Ad-
vent, corner of East Sixteenth street and
Twelfth avenue, East Oakland. Interment
private.
POOLEY— In this city. May 18, 1902, John
Pooley, a native of England, aged 51 years.
(Grass Valley Dapers please copy.) .
(prFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), May 20, 1U02, at 8:30 o'clock,
from her - -late residence, 113 Fourteenth
street, thence to St. Charles Church, corner
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a
- solemn requiem high mass will -.be celebrated
1 for the rebose of her soul, commencing at J
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
O'ROURKE — In this city. May 19, 1902, Mary,
beloved wife ol" Robert O'Rourke, a native
of Clifden, County Galway, Ireland, aged
63 years.
POLLITT— In Oakland, May 19, 1902, Jane,
beloved wife of James Pollitt, mother of
' Mis. C- W. Clifton, Mrs. C. J. Graff, George,
Harvey and Mary Pollitt, and sister of Mrs.
W. Fish, aged 4S years 7 months and 14
days. ••¦ ¦ .. --
C3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited '.to attend . the funeral Tuesday,
May 20, 19C.y at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. L. P. Johnson,
508 Ninth street. Interment Laurel Hill
¦ Cemetery.' :
O'NEILL — In this city, May 17, 1002, Bridget,
dearly beloved . wife ¦ of Joseph O'Neill, and
beloved mother of Joseph,. Florence and
Clara O'Neill, Mrs. F. J. McQuaid and Mrs.
' ' William Dennison, a native of County Ty-
rone, Ireland.
ICT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1. o'clock," from B'nai
B'rith Hal!, 121 Eddy street. Members of
San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O. E., and
Knfghts of Royal Arch, are requested to at-
. tend. Thence to Third and Townsend streets
to 3:30 o'clock train. Interment Cypress
¦ Lawn Cemetery. ' Remains at the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. . , ' . '
MAYER— In this city. May 19, 1902, Eliza-
beth J., beloved daughter of John and Eliza-
beth Mayer, a native of San Francisco; aged
l*year 0 months and 15 days. .
NATHANSON— In this city, May 17, 1902.
. Dora L. Ne.tbanson, beloved wife of the late
Martin Ml Nathauson and mother of Re-
' gina, Arthur E: and Julius C. Nathanson
and Mrs. George C. Rawson, . Mrs. Ernst W.
Reinecke, Mrs. E. H. Schade and Mrs. L.
P. Johnson,' a native of Germany, aged 78
years 3 months and 1 day.
¦ (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, May 21, .at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFaddeh, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street.' "Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In San Rafael, May 18, 1902, Joseph
H. Kelly, husband of Margie Kelly,
a native of Bcston, aged 29 years.
of the late ; Mrs.~ Alice Hennig, grandson of
Mrs. 'Kate Braham, and" . cousin of Tessie
Farrell and Charles West and the late Ed-
ward Braham, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years. 7 months and 10 days.
GRIFFITHS— In this city, May 1Q, 1002, John
H., beloved son of J. J.and the late Jane
Griffiths, a native of London, England, aged
¦ 35 years 10 months and .17 days.
HART— In this .city, May 19. 1902, Walter
Thomas Labadie, beloved son of M. J. and
Louisa M. Hart, and brother of Louise M.
Hart, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs. William
.. Labadie, a native of' San. Francisco,, aged
' 6 years 4 months and 25 days.1 • Business rmeri»r are .-satisfied when they
lunch at Cafe Zinkand. ' "¦ :; > •
Adams' .; Sarsaparilla Pillsl
•-. Small; '¦ delicious -chocolate-coated pellets for
constipation,* biliousness,' sick headaches, dys
pepsia, 10c, 25c. ¦'.- ' '. : -. " "'.-• .
The case of Harry Baehr, City Auditor
who was : cited- to appear before Judge
Cook to «show cause' why he should not
be punished for contempt of court - 1*
refusing, to - draw a warrant fi?
payment of $26 fees claimed ; by , Andrew
Jackson, a juror, was called yesterdav
morning. Attorney Cbbb, reoresehf*n£
the Auditor. . asked* for a continuance UH
Saturday, as he was 1 not ; prepared to
argue the case, and It .was .granted I -
Baehr Contempt Case.
The -United States * Circuit : Court of Ap
peals'handed down' a* decision : yesterday
reversing": the- 'judgment 'of -the r United
States ' Disfcict » Court .- of : Alaska.' in tho
case of James L.; Galen vs.-: the steamship
Oregon and thev White Star. . Steamship
Company.^iThls was*an action : to ¦. recover
damages .for non-delivery of ' f relghtV to
Cape Nome. The:District Court had given
Judgment for; Galenl ¦ ' . -
"U. I S. ; Circuit .bourt of Appeals.
¦ ¦ ¦¦ - ' ¦ - - ' ¦ ¦ 7~-j - - V ' ¦ C
Beklns Van and I Storage Co. • Packing, mov
ing and shaping at lowest rates. 030 Market..*
The Bunker Association has com
pleted | arrangements for the celebration
of the anniversary of the famous battle
It- will be held at Los Gatos on June 17*
Mayor Schmitz . has been chosen as the
orator for the occasion. Secretary of
War Root has ordered that salutes h£
fired from j all the harbor forts on that
day.
Plans for Bunker Hill Day.
; A horse belonging to the Centennial sta
bles and drawing; one 1 of the v delivery
wagons of the Lace House was struck by
outbound car 517 of the Sacramento, street
line, between" Polk street^ and.yan Ness
avenue yesterday afternoon and' badly
mangled. After some J delay Officer' Hoop
er' of the Society for -, the ; Prevention of
Cruelty, . to . Animals ;. was : summoned | and
the beast was put out of its misery.' No
arrests were made pending an investiga
tion as to the responsibility for the acci
dent. ' •- ,¦.•...';..?."¦;¦,,.. ;..'.¦¦.'.-' rv<
Street Car Mangles Horse.
• • - IAmrCrbin^ to-Quit
The <. shoe .business. > $2ft,0p0; worth of fine
shoes wtyl have. to ;be sold within the next
thirty days:? :$2 and $2.50,1^168' and men's
she es [ for~ 90c. '',$3 50 to : $5 'grades,; in. all
sizes, widths . and up to date styles, all
from the be6t"manufactory for $1 85 a pair
and no more. -Sale .'commences to-day at
9 a. m. -J.. L.- Lesser,' 324! Kearny st. • ]
Chuey Dip, a Chinese, was acquitted by
a jury In Judge Cook's court yesterday
on a charge of murder. The Jury .was
only out a few minutes! . Dip was accused
oi shooting and killing Chung How at
Washington street and Fish alley on the
afternoon of February 11. Sergeant Con
boy chased and captured him, never los
ing sight of him. The verdict was a com
plete surprise to the prosecution. He was
defended by Attorney W. S. Barnes. .
Richard Fer, 'a shoemaker on Sixth
street, was. acquitted by a jury in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday on a charge of
assault to commit .murder. He was ac
cused of striking John Hynes on the
head with a club on February 23. Fer
had been annoyed by boys throwing stones
into his shop and -he caught one of them
He. was blowing a police whistle when
Hynes knocked the whistle out of his
mouth and: he retaliated by hitting Hynes
on the head wlththe £lub. «ynes
Charge of Assault , to
Murder.
Richard Per Also Acquitted on a
¦ Gifford will be cross-examined to-day
John J. Jury ¦ is assisting * Mains J In the
defense. > and ¦ United States Attorney
Woodworth and First -Assistant E J
Banning are conducting the case for 'the
Government. :.. ,- -.-•:.- .
-Walter Scott Gifford, who was repre
sented by Mains as' being the actuary of
these aggregations of wealth, with offices
in' London, ; Paris, New York and Chicago
took the stand and testified that he was
earning an honest living as telegraph
operator . at a meager salary, by work
ing i .for the Southern . Pacific Com
pany Pacific Grove.- He testi
fied that : he signed the papers of Incor
poration of some' of. those organizations
as- actuary iat-^*he suggestion of Main*
and to oblige - him. He knew nothing
whatever as to- the existence of .the cor
porations named. 'So far as'. he knew they
did not' exist.
¦ Dr. Charles E. Bennett of Wauseon, O.,
was the first witness In the United States
District Court yesterday j In :the trial of
C. R. Mains, indicted for using, the mails
with the intent to" defraud ; Dr. Bennett
out of .; $3000. The doctor told the jury
how; he:had' come to this city- from Chi
cago last fall with: Mains, ; whom he had
met but a short time previously, and how
after his" return to the East Mains had
written from this -city representing that
he was" the agent, and Walter Scott Gil
ford . the actuary of " the following named
wealthy syndicates: Combined Bankers,
Paris • Investors,' Consolidated Roads, the
United Capitalists "of London, Stock and
Bond Brokers, Oil Investors, and 'American'
and European- Capitalists' Syndicate, all
of which seven; were represented . by the
versatile- and imaginative- Mains to pos
sess • a • combined capital of- four billion
dollars. Letters in which Mains offered
the- doctor the presidency of the controll
ing syndicate for;$3000 were identified by
the- doctor- as having been, received by
him -at the - Wauseon postofllce from
Mains. ¦-: ...¦,:- ." ¦
In the first' place. If such ¦' meaning could be
given to the language. of the contract the con
tract would be void as against public, policy. .'A'
man's life is not his own to be disposed of by
the contract. "A man- may .not ; barter -away
bis life or - his freedom or • his substantial
rights." • [Ins. Co. vs.' Morse. 20 Wall/ 445-451.]
The state has an interent in, securing. the safety
and preserving the lives of Its citizens. •¦ A
negligent killing was manslaughter at .the com
mon law and Indictable. In many of our States
It is similarly regarded and severe penalties.Im
posed therefor.- The express permission by *the
deceased,' : therefore, . that the railroad' company
might - negligently ts ke ' his life . without' con&e-'
The case was that of Louise H. Adams
and Frank H. Adams againBt the North
ern Pacific Railway Company for dam
ages. Jay H. Adams was a lawyer trav
eling in Idaho, and in passing , from *^ a
tcurist car to the dining-car, thetralri go
ing unusually fast around a curve, he wa3
thrown from the train and killed: 1 .". The
case was tried in the United States Circuit
Court of AVashington and Judgment" «was
given in favor of the widow and minor
child for $14,000 damages. From the judg
ment the corporation appealed, one- of -the
grounds beins that the decedent was
traveling on a free ticket, wiiich ticket
stipulated that the holder waived ' all
claim on the company "for any injury to
the person or for any loss or damage to
the property" of . the passenger using ths
free ticket, caused by the negligence' of
agents or otherwise. . r '. • *! , ', ¦-
The United States Circuit Court of'Ap
peals asks, "Can this language be consid
ered to relieve the railroad company: from
liability for the death of a person using
such ticket If such' death is caused by the
negligence of the carrier or Its servants ?''
The court's decision continues: ,
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Morrow,/sit
ting as the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals, handed down an : interesting 1 de
cision yesterday as to the rights ; of "a
widow and minor children to recover dam
ages from a railway company for the loss
of the husband and-father. through negli
gence on the part of the company,: death
occurring while the husband . arid ; father
was traveling on a pass, or free ticket; t
JURY ACQUITS CHINESE
CHARGED WITH' MURDER
BENNETT TELLS
OF MAINS' WILES
.But the contract : In; question does. not extend
tojthe death of s the 'party -.contracting.- ,It U
limited to Injury to the. person and /loss.: of prop
erty of that person. > Under the statutes of both
Idaho and Washington the clause .limiting the
right of action: to circumstances which w */ld
have -permitted the deceased to sue. for personal
Injuries In case he" survived Is entirely omitted,
and : nothing appears * elsewhere in the,, statu tes
to.;.warrant -Its insertion ¦' by. Implication:. The
omission' must .'therefore be" considered as In
tentional. Under- the statutes of - Idaho -and
Washington the plaintiff had a right of action
against the defendant railway company for the
just damage to them resulting from the: death
of Jay H. Adams- If death was caused by
the. negligence of 'the railroad company. In the
absence of evidence; to the contrary the.. law pre
sumes that , the deceased did exercise reasonable
care.. Judgment aiflrmed. . ¦? .- ; '• ... ¦
quent liability would have. been in violation of
both^the common and statute law and a -void
contract. . ¦ . ,:.-i. -'.,.'¦••- : • •. . - ; . -."¦ ,'•; - . '
For the foregoing reasons the demurrer, will
be overruled, with leave to answer within ten
days;' the motion to dissolve and the motion
to* strike out will be denied. ¦
this " court 'has; no -jurisdiction in this suit
to dd. ¦ : " ' ¦ -' . -\ -V '. ' -."" ;i *
' The .foregoing, disposes ot the demurrer and
the motion to dissolve the Injunction. The
motion' to strike out Is directed at the allega
tions, of the complaint regarding -want of notice
and an : opportunity '• to- be heard. "While those
allegations cannot, for the reasons hereinbefore
stated,- be -of- any ¦ Importance In determining
whether -or- not the, removal was a. valid ex
ercise of . power, they show the grounds upon
which'' plaintiffs' base their claim and should
remain in the complaint In order that the same
may disclose that a contest. Is made in good
faith unon some ¦ ba3ls. . . ¦- . :
JURIST' WHO RENDERED AN
IMPORTANT. DECISION IN
BOARD OF HEALTH CASE.
Owing to the sailing- of the Wisconsin
Rear Admiral Casey regretted that his
bluejackets and marines could not par
ticipate In the parade, though three
Hotchklss one-pounder rapid firing guns'
crews from the United States steamer
Marlon will march. Chief Wittman wrote
promising his aid. . .
Mayor Schmltz wrote declining to be the
orator of the evening. D. E. McKinlay
accepted the invitation to deliver the
memorial address and Judge A. J. Buckles
has promised to deliver the oration at the
National Cemetery.
Governor Gage wrote regretting that
prior official engagements would prevent
him participating in the „ parade. He,
therefore, had requested the* Adjutant
General to attend as his representative.
G. W. Arbuckle, T. D. Barnstead,
Charles Edelman, C. J. Handler, J. ¦ C.
Innes, A. S. Isaacs, F. E. Myers, W.. J.
Ruddick, E.S. Salomon, S. M. Shortridge,
H. T. Slme, Horace Wilson and E. W.
Woodward. . ¦
' A meeting of the * Memorial day com
mittee was held last evening at the Cali
fornia Hotel. Horace Wilson presided.
The matter of bands and ether details
connected with the . parade were consid
ered, the following taking part in arrang
ing the programme:
to Take Part in the National
Exercises.
Military, the- Navy and Civilian^
ABRABTGE CEREMONIES
FOR MEMORIAL DAY
prlate proceeding at law. 'But, while the gen
eral rule . hereinbefore ¦ laid down is not dis
puted by the defendants, they •¦"contend that, at
the time of the commencement ' of the - action,
the actual possession of the office was In them ;
and not In the plaintiff. 1 ?. The- facts are that,
on the afternoon ot the -20th day of March, .
the Mayor, accompanied by the other defend- ;
ants, entered the rooms In the City Hall occu- .
pied by the Board of Health, none ot the plain
tiffs being at the- time present; .that ;the .
Mayor announced V- to the secretary .-of ,th^ '
board the removal ¦ of the plaintiffs and the "ap- ,
pointmenf of the- defendants SUnapn, Adler, •'
Rottanti ahd Van^Meter; that • the late. named;
defendants, together with the defendant Ward, i
then held a meeting in. said -rooms, at which •
they elected a president, *' passed I a'. resolution ;
continuing in offlfce; the -then employes ' of the .;
board,, and-, thereupon- adjourned, . intending to ¦_
meet again -on. the following day.v' ¦.••'--- J ;
Before any. further '< action 'was -taken the ;
injunction now under* discussion \was 'served. ;
On these facts who was In /possession" ot the.
office ? No ' demand J had ' ever . ; been ; made ¦ on '.
the plaintiffs. They had not' surrendered the
office; in fact, 'at the very: earliest, opportunity ;
they asserted their determination not. to sur- ¦_
render by bringing this. suit. : An office Is a,
franchise : ' it . consists *'of the \ exercise of ' in- !
tangible rights and duties ' appertaining to Its ;
occupant, ' and possession of 3 the office does not
depend on the. mere physical . possession of the
rooms- "and furniture ordinarily used in .the;
performance ' of the functions of the office.
(Mead vs. Treasurer." 3«"Mich. 41G; Lawrence
vs. Hanley. 84 Mich.t 390; Brady vs. Sweet
land, 13 Kans:-41; Braldy, vs. Therltt.' 17 Kans.
468: Sullivan vs. Haacke.'5 Ohio N: P., 2G.)
., The defendants may; have a right to the;
possession of the office.' but that is a different
thing from the. actual .possession, j ¦ _
Actual ¦ possession , can be,obtained from the;
occupant In one .of "two 'ways only-— either -by.
the i surrender. or- abandonment of the office;
by such. occupant or by hls'oustertnthe course
of legal proceedings. .-"'• ¦ : -•"
(Oliver vs. Jersey City, 63 N. J. L."635; Mead
vs. Treasurer, supra;' State 'vs. Draper. 48 Mo,
213; Halleren vs. .Campbell. " 82 Mich. 235;
Braidy vs. Therltt, i supra} in re Cleveland. 51.
N. . J..L.:. 311.) .. ..'.'.-.. '..>:/'-¦ .;
. The. right being ; disputed, • the defendants;
Thomas Brady and James McKeever,
charged with assault to murder, pleaded
guilty to simple assault . before Judge
Dunne yesterday, and were ordered to
appear for sentence to-morrow. They
were two of the five men arrested for
firing shots at Policeman Callahan on
Second atreet, September 5, during the
strike. Thomas Hogan, one of the men,
was convicted of assault with, a deadly
weapon and was sentenced to five months
In the County Jail. John Carr and Charles
Con well have yet to be tried.
Pleads Guilty to Assault.
Norton says he proposes to go ahead
and have the wharves finished in his own
Blyle. The Harbor Commissioners will
begin an investigation to-day and Norton
may hear "something drop" other than
the sound of concrete falling in water
filled cylinders. -.-•-•> :
"The use of a spout by the engineer,"
said the expert, "to dump concrete be
neath the water in the cylinders is a
farce of a most pronounced kind. The
only way to secure a solid concrete col
umn in the cylinders is to pump the struc
tures dry and then fill them with con
crete."
If below this depth the concrete work
fell apart and exposed the piles to the
teredo only the constant examination by
divers could detect any damage to the
piles. Should the teredoes destroy the in
ner piies far down in the water the dam
age would not b* noticed and the wharves
might tumble into the bay. . .
He explained that when the teredoes de
stroyed the outer wooden casing of the
cylinders the concrete work would
crumble away and expose the inner piles
to the teredoes. As the top of the cylin
ders consists of good concrete work- for a
depth of seven or eight feet, that portion
would remain intact.
AN EXPEBT EXPLAINS.
One of the m6st expert engineers in the
State, thoroughly familiar with cylinder
concrete work, stated last evening that if
tl«e cylinders on the new wharves were
filled In the manner allowed by Norton
there would be danger of . the struc
tures collapsing In the future. • • . ' '
Chief Engineer Norton was asked what
would be the effect of dumping concrete
through water. He declined to answer the
question at first. Finally he gave the an
swer that the concrete would settle in
layers of rock, sand and cement.
thus in pocket $5760 by the kindness of
Chief Engineer Norton altering the speci
fications. The labor of putting the metal
cylinders in place is estimated at
half the cost of the material. Con
tractor Wakefleld therefore saves nearly
$9000 on the item of the metal work alone.
It will be Interesting to note If Wakefleld
will give the State credit for this saving
and deduct the amount from his contract
warrants of $360,000.
As to the charge made that Wakefleld
has used some old lumber and scrap iron
spikes on planking," Norton says that he
knows nothing of the same. He says that
the inspector in charge should be in a
position to see if anything of the kind
ever took place. The Harbor Commission
ers will question the inspector to-day.
Before this is done, however, the Com
mife&ioners will have pointed out to them
the old lumber and scrap iron spikes that
have been used in place of first class ma
terial.
The officers of the Exempt Fire Com
pany petitioned the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to recommend an amendment
to the charter whereby aid may be af
forded Indigent and infirm members of
the old volunteer fire department. . •
Exempt Firemen Want Aid.
Deputy United- States Marshal Gamble
started yesterday for Vinita, I. T., having
in custody Earl Holt, who is wanted in
that Territory for murder. Holt was
County Recorder and shot another politi
cian, he claims in self-defense..
Holt Starts for Home.
There are 9S0 cylinders called for in the
specifications. Contractor Wakefield is
IS CONTBACTOB'S PBOFIT.
One item, that of the expanded metal
work Interior cylinders, can be cited as
an Instance. The specifications called for
twenty feet of the metal work In each
cylinder. Norton admitted yesterday that
he gave orders for only twelve feet of the
metal work to be placed in each cylinder.
As a matter of fact, only eight feet have
been used. This means a saving of twelve
feet of metal work cylinder to each
wooden cylinder. The metal work costs
5 cents per square foot. Ten feet are re
quired to make the diameter of the cylin
der, so that the contractor saves 50 cents
for each foot of metal cylinder that is not
used. . .
The adage, "Time saved is money
saved," applies in the case of Contractor
Wakefield. who is allowed by Chief En
gineer Norton to carry out contract work
in a manner entirely different to the
specifications. When Wakefield bid for
the contract he was well aware of what
he would have to perform. He secured a
5360,000 contract, and by Norton's manipu
lations of the specifications the contractor
is a considerable sum In labor and
material.
In the last few weeks not a single cylin
der has been pumped down to the twenty
two-foot depth, and concrete has been
dumped by the barrow-load Into the
wooden structures when the latter have
been filled with water.
.TIME SAVED IS MONEY.
Norton insisted yesterday that the cyl
inders had been pumped out to the twen
ty-two-foot deptn before the looee con
crete was tilled In. Norton and his assist
ant insjjector have either been grossly
negligent of their duties or the chief en
gineer is incapable of telling If a cylinder
is ftlled with water or is dry.
Norton s experience with concrete work
would not fill a book. He was formerly
employed by the PaciJjc Improvement
Company as a land surveyor, and counts
on Billy Herrin, the wire-pulling attor
ney for the Southern Pacific Railroad, for
assistance in tight places. Norton was a
schoolmate of Dan Burns, so it is easy
to understand why Norton Is chief en
gineer of the Harbor Commissioners and
arrogates to himself the power of a Pooh
Bah and changes specifications at his own
sweet wlil.
Norton admitted yesterday that he h»d
changed this method, and that by using
a few canvas sacks one-quarter filled
with concrete he secured a good founda
tion in the cylinders. The ciiief engineer
defends the use of the '•trimmer," or
fal-out, to dump loose concrete beneath the
vater in the cylinders.
One need not be a civil engineer or a
contractor to understand that it is far
easier and cheaper to till a. cylinder by
the Norton process than to pump the cyl
ir.der dry.
Norton claimed that In his judgment it
was far better to till the cylinders of the
new wharves with concrete in the man
ner exposed by The Call last Sunday ttian
to adhere to the specifications.
The specifications call lor the cylinders
to be pumped out to the depth of twenty
two feet, and for the rest of the water in
the structures to be displaced by burlap
sacks filled with concrete. When this fill
ing reaches up to the twenty-two foot
mark the water is to be pumped out,
leaving the cylinders perfectly dry an4
ready for loose concrete.
UTOBTON DEFENDS THE SPOTJT^
Paris Kilburn, the president of the Har
bor Commision, listened to an expla
nation of Chief Engineer Norton as to
the charges made by The Call as to al
terations and violations of Contractor
"N'aKerieid's specifications.
Contractor Wakefleld, who Is building
the new wharves, is out of the city and
could not be seen yesterday to give his
version of how he was allowed to violate
hi£ contract and perform work in a man
ner that will make the new wharves
liimsy and dangerous.
tractors.
It will come as -a surprise to the com
munity of the State to learn that L. D.
Norton, the chief engineer of the Harbor
Commissioners, claims that he has the
right to alter specifications just as he
pleases, without the consent of the Com.
missioners or the bondsmen of con-
The Harbor Commissioners propose to
make an immediate investigation of the
changes In specifications of the building
of the new wharves on the water front,
the story of which was published exclu
sively in The Call on Sunday.
President Kilburn Will Start Out To-
Day to Investigate and Says
He Will Probe Thor
oughly.
Protege of Herrin and Burns
Increases Profits of
Contractor.
- At about 5 o'clock, the children belnff
asleep, Mrs. Emery left the house, sayins
she would return in a few minutes. Dur
ing her absence her brother-in-law called
at Mrs. Araent's. After waiting awhlla
he became alarmed that something had
happened, and accompanied by Mrs.
Ament he went to his sister's room. In
response to his knock Mrs. Emery said
that she was dressing and asked him to
return. He returned later and getting no
response from the room, forced an.en
trance from a rear window and found
Mrs. Emery in a dying condition. When
asked for an explanation for her deed,
Mrs. Emery said she had left a note that
would -explain all. The note read as fol
lows: , -
'Lewis was not afraid to die, so I am goln*
with him. The little flat band ring save - for
Buddie; it was my engagement ring. All the
rest give to Thelma. Tell her that the little
stamp case was the first present papa ever
gave mamma. You will find everything In the
box. If I Uv» I will only be a burden, and- 1
know the children will be well cared for. Try
not to separate them, as they will be lone
some.. Aunt Rhoda will kiss then\ for me. I
did not have the heart to do tt. - Poor' little
things. They are too ''young to understand. I
will be happier with Lewis, than left behind.
Don't bury me before you do Lewis. -
- LILLTE.
It Is believed that Emery took his life
because of financial troubles. Mrs. Em
ery Is but 22 years of age. .
For. the past three months Mrs. Emery,
with her two children, a boy and a girl,
aged respectively 2% and 6 years, has oc
cupied rooms at 313 Taylor street. Her
husband, .Lewis Emery, an electrician,
had been meployed on out of town con
tracts during most of that time. On
Thursday last Emery visited the city,
only to be ordered to Mendocino City on
some work. Two days later Mrs. Emery
received a telephone message from W. V.
Lockwood, Emery's, employer, that her
husband had committed suicide, and ask
ing what disposition she desired to be
made of the body.
Emery had carried a life insurance pol
icy of some $200u and Mrs. Emery, after
ordering the body shipped here, set about
with her brother-in-law to gather th© nec
essary papers needed in the settlement o*
her husband's estate.
During yesterday afternoon Mrs. A. B.
Ament of 612 Jones street called on Mrs.
Emery and invited her to her home. Mrs.
Emery took her children with her.
Despondency brought on by -her hus
band's tragic death caused Mrs. Lily
Emery to make an attempt on her life
yesterday at her home, 313 Taylor street.
Procuring a 38 caliber revolver, tho wom
an went to her room and fired a shot into
her left breast. Some time after the trag
edy friends found Mrs. Emery In a dying
condition on the floor of her room. An
ambulance was summoned and the woman
was hurried to the Central Emergency
Hospital. Drs. Osmers and Weyer. after. J
an examination, declared that there waj"ft
but little hope of her recovery. Hi\ jL
Only business of a routine character was
transacted at the sessions yesterday. A
committee on entertainment Is arranging
a fine programme. The committee con
sists of E. J. McGlade, J. A..Halk, Timo
thy Creedon, Richard Murray, John Hor
ton, J. A. AdamS and Thomas Doran.
The dispute among the union carpenters
remains unsettled. At a meeting of union
483 of the Brotherhood last night it was
stated that the number of men now ar
rayed against the Building Trades Council
exceeded 1700. The Brotherhood men re
iterate their statement that McCarthy and
his followers are hopelessly beaten, not
withstanding their assertions to the con
trary.
' The Brickhandlers* -Protective and Be
nevolent Union celebrated Its crystal anni
versary Saturday evening with a smoker
and banquet. Addresses were made by all
the charter members. George F. Hane
kamp was chairman and M. Wogellus
toastmaster. The committee- of arrange
ments consisted of P. J. Petersen and E.
P* Anderson.
WELCOMED BY MA YOB.
Mayor Schmitz welcomed the delegates
to San Francisco in a warm- address,
which was received with enthusiasm. An
address was made in behalf of the San
Francisco Labor Council by President W.
H. Goff, and Walter Macarthur voiced the
greetings of the Water Front Federation.
Brief addresses were made by Michael
Casey, Patrick Boland and others.
The twenty-sixth convention of the In
ternational Journeymen Horseshoers'
Union convened at Pythian Castle yester
day with a large attendance and President
James Saxton In the chair. The sessions
will continue throughout the week.
The journeymen expressed the belief
that the employers will grant the de
mands as soon as they see their employes
are determined to stand for -them In a
body even to the point of striking. On
the other hand, many of the smaller em
ployers say that the Increase would ruin
them and virtually put them out of busi
ness.
The union members discussed the mas
ter at length after the departure of the
master 'barbers, and a resolution was
adopted amid enthusiasm to stand by the
new schedule. A committee was appoint
ed to wait upon' the employers to-day and
notify them that the . schedule must go
into effect by June 9. Should the em
ployers refuse a general strike will be or
dered. .
Speaking in behalf of the smaller shops.
President Conrad said the demands would
be refused. The master barbers had no
desire to refuse their employes anything
within reason, but they could riot agree
to pay the increase of wages demanded.
WILL BEFUSE DEMANDS.
President H. Conrad of the Master Bar
bers' Union and Messrs. Glassman and
Seppich, representative employers, ad
dressed the journeymen, of whom nearly
BOO were present. They said that the
smaller shops could not afford to . meet
the demands and that they alone would
suffer, as the larger shops are paying
more wages than the new schedule de
jnands.
The average wage of the barbers at the
present time is $12 a week. Some time ago
the' union adopted a new scale of wage's,
which called for $14 a week for journey
men barbers. I This schedule -also demand
ed $9 a week for * men employed in the
evenings and Saturdays and. Sundays;
$7 50 for men employed Wednesdays, Sat
urdays and Sundays, and $6 for men em
ployed on Saturdays and Sundays. This
schedule was presented, to the Master
Barbers' Union, and after some consid
eration the employers decided that they
could not meet the demands. The. result
was some talk of a strike, and in order
that the employers might be given a
chance to express their views a confer
ence was arranged for last night. •
Unless the master barbers the de
mand of their journeymen employes for
an increase of wages to $14 a week
a general strike will 'be • * ordered.
This was the decision taken at a meeting
of .the Journeymen Barbers' Union ¦ No.
148, held at 32 O'Farrell street last night.
Divorces were granted yesterday to Ma
tilda Clochesy from John J.Ciochesy lor
neglect; Grace Clifford from Peter A.
Clifford for desertion; Eugenia Mitchell
from Henry J. Mitchell for uesertion; Nel
lie P. Grace from H. T. Grace for deser
tion, and Wesley McKenzie from Simona
McKenzie for desertion.
Martin Heberger, who is being sued for
divorce by Catherine Heberger, in an an
swer to his wife's complaint, tiled yester
day, denies that he ever treated his wife
cruelly. In a cross-complaint he charges,
that Mrs. Heberger has ever since their
marriage caused him a great deal of mis
ery by her unkind treatment of him.
James E. Lozier.is suing Clara Lozier
for divorce on the grounds of intemper
ance and infidelity. They were married m
Michigan in September, 1S93.
Stephen Crowe is being sued for divorce
by Celeste S. Crowe on the ground of de
sertion. They were married in 1S95 at
Cumberland. Md. Mrs. Crowe alleges that
her husband deserted. her in July, 1900.
Margaret Shear, who was married in
1SS4 to William H. Shear, brought a suit
for divorce yesterday, alleging cruelty
and failure to provide. She charges her
husband has beaten her black and blue
on so many occasions that a further con
tinuance of her life with him is absolutely
dangerous. She alleges further that he
beat her so badly in June, 1898, that she
became afraid of her life and left him,
taking her three children with her. Since
that time, Ehe alleges, she has been com
pelled to work in order that she and the
little ones might not suffer for the neces
saries of life. The Shears reside at 12
Franklin street.
< . ROOM FOB DEBATE.
- There is room for debate as to the' con
structlon of the charter provisions for re
moval, . and tiiat being, so the . later claimant
should be compiled to establish their rlgh
by quo ¦ warranto proceedings. To decide i:
this proceeding that the charter does or tha
it does not permit removals without notice o
hearing would be to determine who of the con
tending- parties constitute the lawful. Board o
Health, the very thing which all parties agre
cannot themselves decide the disputed right
and , execute . that decision by, installing them
selves in office forcibly or by entry in the ab
sence of the officers in * possession. Since the
plaintiffs refuse to yield possession the de
fendants must enforce their right to possession,
if. they, have such right, by legal proceedings.
Of course an . officer who without any show
ing of right attempts to hold on to an office
as against one clearly -entitled -Would not be
granted an injunction . to protect' his. possession
as 1 against the entry of the. rightful claimant.
But here there is a contest which cannot. In
view 'of the authorities, be regarded as without
foundation. ¦ ¦ . .
RAILWAY TICKET
CONTACT VOID
On the foregoing grounds, it 'would appear
that the plaintiffs are entitled •. to - the ¦ in junc
tion rentrainlnK .the defendants from ¦ Interfer
ing with them in the performance of the
duties of their office, until . such . defendants
shall have established their right by. an. appro-
ENTITLED TO. INJUNCTION.
But although a court of equity has no juris
diction to try the title to public office, the
principle- is well established that, where .there
Is a contest between two persons, both claim
ing to be entitled to -the same office, a court
of equity will, by injunction, protect, the of
ficer in possession as against the Interference
of an adverse claimant, until the latter has
established his title by appropriate proceed
ings at law, viz., by the prosecution of a writ
of quo warranto.
- (High on Injunctions (3d ed.), sec. 1315: Brad y
vs. Sweetland, 13 Kans. 41; Braldy vs. Therltt,
1 Kans. 468; Guillotte vs. Poiney, 41 La. Ann.
333; Goldman vs. GillesDle, 43 La. Ann. 63;
State vs." Superior Court (Wash.), 48 Pac. R.
741; Boomelln vs. Mosby, 47 Ohio St. 570; City
of Huntlngton'vs. Gast, 148 Ind. 255; Parsons
vs. Durand, ICO -111. 303; State vs. Alexander,
107 Iowa 177; Rhodes vs. Driver (Ariz.), 65 S.
W. IOC; Sullivan vs. Haaske. 6 Ohio N. P.. 26.)
- In my opinion, this rule is Supported not
enly by authority, but by considerations of
reason and public policy as well. If one, hav
ing been appointed or elected . to an office,
finds on demanding the office that 'his prede
cessor refuses to yield, claiming to be still
entitled, what is the proper course for* him.' to
pursue? Is it to seek /to enter -and
dispossess such predecessor surreptitiously,
or by force, or is It to proceed to establish. his
right, by the orderly process of law, , in ..an
action in which such right can be established
promptly and effectively? The / question • ad
mits of but one answer. The proceedings set
forth in Sees. 803 to 810 of the Code of Civil
Procedure (In effect, quo warranto). furnish an
adequate method of determining whether or
not the officer refusing to surrender has any
right to the office.- The claimant out;. of poe
sersion, however srood his -claim- may e\-ent
ually turn out to be, should,, in the interest of.
peace and order, be compelled to resort to
such proceedings. -If his • rights is established
it can at once be enforced, even though -an
appeal be taken, e. C. P. 040.) .-/ '
The title to the office, in the case. at bar,
depends upon a determination of the ques
tion whether, under the charter, the Mayor, has
the power of removing appointed officers with
out giving them an opportunity to be heard In
defense of charges first presented against them.
The plaintiffs contend that he has not such
power; the defendants that he has. But a
determination i of | this , question would be . de
ciding the title to the office, which, as is- con
ceded, cannot be done in an Injunction*, suit,
but only in the form of ¦ proceeding known as
quo warranto, or its statutory equivalent. -It
follows that- It would be idle for. the court, in
this proceeding; to express an opinion as to
the construction of the charter I provision re
garding the removal of officers. Such an opin
ion would have no binding effect, and would
not conclude either side in .any. proceedings
which might hereafter be brought to determine
who has the better right, or the only right, to
the office In question. . Whether, under the
charter, the Mayor has power to remove ap
pointed officers without giving them notice of
charges and a hearing, and whether the plain
tiffs or the defendants Stinson, Adler, Rot
tanzl and Van Meter are members of the Board
of Health are therefore questions which can
not be and are not decided on this hearing
or in this action. v . - • ¦¦ -<.
TITLE IS INVOI/VED.
At the outset of the argument it was con
tended by the one side and conceded by. the
other that a court* has no jurisdiction, j in. a
suit for .an injunction, to try the title, to pub
lic office. Artd this is undoubtedly the estab
lished law. High on Injunctions (3d ed.),' sec.
1312.
It is alleged that the proceedings to remove
the plaintitis were taken without any previous
notice to them, and without their having. had
an opportunity to be heard, or to defepd. against
any charges made. It appears, further,, that
the plaintiffs deny the right of the Mayor ¦' to
remove them in the manner which has been
adopted, and intend to contest the defendants'
title to the of nee, based on such removal or
attempted removal.' • ' ' ' ..
will continue in office . for" some
time at least. Judge Sloss decided yes
terday that the injunction granted the
old board restraining Mayor Schmitz's ap
pointees from interfering with it should
bu continued in force until the merits of
the case are determined by, a^court ' ol
equity. Judge Sloss holds thaOhougb a
court of equity may not try the title to
a public office, it may by injunction pro
tect the officer in possession as against
the interference of an adverse claimant,
until the latter has established his title
by appropriate proceedings at. law, viz.,
by the prosecution of a writ of quo war
rento.
It is probable that an appeal will -be
taken from the opinion of Judge Sloss, m
which case several months- must elapse
ere the matter of the injunction is set
tled. In case quo 1 warranto proceedings
are brougnt, there is prospect of another,
appeal, thus making it possible for the old
board to remain in office for at least two
years. ¦ • • •. ¦ •
Judge Sloss' decision is as follows:.
On the 25th day of March, 1902^ and for
some time prior thereto, the plaintiffs and the
defendant Ward, were members of the Board
of Health of the city and tounty of San Kran
cisco. On the day named the -defendant
Schmltz. as Mayor of said city and county,
caused to i be served upon the plaintiffs • a
paper statins that he had, pursuant to the
provisions of article* XVI, section 16, . of the
charter, removed them from of nee for various
causes stated in said paper, and that he had
appointed in their place and stead, as mem
bers of said Board of Health, the defendants
Stlnson. Adler. Rottanzl and Van Meter. On
the following day the plaintiffs commenced this
action, and obtained an injunction restraining
the defendants from interfering with said
plaintiffs in the performance of their duties as
members of the Board of Health. The defend
ants have demurred to the complaint, moved
to strike out portions thereof, and have moved
to dissolve the injunction.
THE Board of Health removed, by
Mayor Sehmitz to make room for
a board composed of Drs. Stinson,
Adler, Rottanzl and Van Meter
Mrs. Emery Hears of Spouse's
Suicide and Tries to
End Her Life.
Chief Engineer Changes
Specifications for
New Wharves.
She Also Charges Him With
Failure to Provide.
Other Suits.
Employers Are Inclined to
Refuse and . Trouble
Is Feared.
Mrs. Shear Claims That
Her Husband Beats
Her, Frequently.
If an Increase of Pay Is
Denied Men j Will
Walk Out.
Young Woman > Shoots
Herself on Learning
She Is Widowed.
SEEKS GRAVE
WITH HUSBAND
He Decides That' Injunction -Ag^
Shall Continue in Forc£ and That the Newly Appointed
Body Must Resort- to
NORTON SAYS
HE ORDERED
ALTERATIONS
BARBERS MAY
GO ON STRIKE
SAYS HER LIFE
IS IN DANGER
JUDGE SLOSS GIVES A TEMPORARY
VICTORY TO THE OLD HEALTH BOARD
¦•-'..¦-.¦ . . . ¦ ¦ '-¦ ¦ V..: •-: J ¦.",- . ¦
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1902.
14
RUM. DOWN*
When a phrase i$ coined out of world
wide human experience it is apt to be
brief and expressive. We are "run-
down" we say in the endeavor to do*
scribe a relaxed MfESk.
down. lMMaJBL^^ffiHjHyBjyn
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. Thig
great medicine is far more than a tonic.
It cures diseases of the organs of diges-
tion and nutrition, and enables the pefr
feet digestion and assimilation of i food of
which alone all physical strength is made.
"The reason I delayed writing was because I
IF* 1 *}!} w ? lt , *"* W after J *** taken
tne medicine before giving my statement, and
?VZ i£X a *f ad * K 00 * 1 - conscientious testimon-
jaL» writes Mr. Chas. H. Sergeant, of Plain dry.
Mjdison Co.. Ohio. "During the summer and
fall of 1896 1 became all ! run-down, 1 nerves were
out rf order and stomach out of order. I wrote
5P 5?^'. Plcrc^ f0 I * dvi «- He said I had xeneraX
debility, and advised Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Diicovery, and. thanks to yon for yonr ad-
vice. I used six bottles; and since I Hopped tak-
ing n about one year ago, I have not taken any
medicine of any kind, and have bten able to
mark every day. My appetite is apod, I can eat
three square meal* a day, and I do not feel that
miserable burning; in tne stomach after eatinr.
My blood and nerves are in good shape, aad.
well— in fact, I think I am in pretty good rnn-
ning order."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets* keep the
bowels active and healthy.
AUCTION! AUCTION!
THE SCULLY RANCH.
Three and one-half miles from HoUister San-
Bealto County. Finest Fruit Land in the World
840 ACRES in subdivisions of from 20 to
100 acres, or any size to suit purchaser wUI bo
sold at auction on *
SATURDAY, MAY 24, I9O2,
the property. Fifty per cent can remain on
mortgage. Fine Barbecue Lunch win be pro-
vided an the grounds before and during the sale.
r™ a * ™ /f 001 - 3 *, 11 Francisco will take the
Com* JDWtaton.Trmln.Bt 2:45 p. m. on Friday.
May 2jJ. and arrive In Hollister at «:13 p m.
same day. Returning. leave Holllster after tho
Jfv^ f L 9 -^ °«' Saturday. May 24. and ar-
rive In San Francisco at 7:30 p. m. same day.
Send for catalogue.
f McGLYNN & MENTON,
£?!»*? Aeents- and Auctioneers,
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
-"^MfiifcPU Weak Eye« Strengthened
-^»££5«£x Palnful'or Inflamed eyes in-
•SyggjgKgv?* stantly relieved withGKOKtiC
BX ym ., '¦<£#» MAYERLE'S German Ky»
%£**S m "S3QF' l w ater. 00c. at 1071 Market
1 ' st - Tel - South 572. None gen-
•¦¦ •- u»P» without -this trademark
*mm signatory la on every box ot tho gentiSW
, Laxative Bromo-QuinineT»btota
Xb* remedy that c*tr«* a etfd !»•«•**
DE. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
fgSpe.cjfel Sfclfc of
Jl Collar & I
A special sale of collar buttons is certainly unusual. You |
would think that a man wouldn't care to buy such a small article fl
at a sale, but when the values are known and the superiority of 0
the buttons realized men will buy them in dozen and half-dozen §
lots. i |
| The buttons are the King brand — well known from Maine to |
California. They come in twelve styles and the prices are: |
io-karat Rold-filled regular price ioc, special.. ..2^c each g
14-karat gold-filled, regular price 15c, special. .. .5c "each H
Sterling silver, regular price 25c, special* lOc each |
Here is something unusual: Every button is guaranteed. If I
any button prove unsatisfactory after it is in use, a new button is ¦
yours without any cost. B
See the buttons in our windows. |
Oui-of-iown orders filled — write us. I
I 718 Market Street.