no_textthe ";\str^nPAY.;' ; 'cAi^tj.;; •*.;.
JNDIAN aocorattcm Is trhat 700 want. ;
is tt? Th«n cotM up to my *«i<wy ;
tool*.* " aid JPttafiasssar Geacs* Ba*W j
son.
On the way to the attlo X Inwardly
..o&dered what the 'glory hole* could po««j
t-ibly be and why he had seen lit to fiv«j
it such a Queer name. But when h% throw
the door open and I got a good loo* a«
the place it all seemed very plain. The]
i room was a large one and tilled with all
\ sorts and conditions of treasures. Uence
the word "glory"; and "hole" as it is in
- utter confusion.
"I never try to keep things put away
up here, bo be careful and don't tall over
anything. Of course, you undersuind it
is only oecause 1 would not liKe to have
any of Una trasn uiu*.eu," anu his eyes
tvtinaiea as u« Kicnea some oDstacie out
Ul XliS W«J'- ,
-.Now uere is a fine piece of their worlc
ana I am willing to oet that you nave
never seen anyuung exactly like it. jnow
have you?"
After looking at it carefully and wisely
1 said 1 guessed 1 hadn't. ,
"Well, no, i gueBS you haven't either,
he answered, "as it is the only one I
have ever seen and' Indian hunters tell
me the same thing. No, I fancy it is
something: new to you." •
Maybe you think I didn't almost snake
hanus with myself right before the man.
*or once in my life i had said the rlgnt
n a Bhl di2f rattle. -Bha« ft
That's it. Hear the peDbles? Those rat
tles are used for two things only, 'ina .
Cbilkats use them as a part of their
ceremonial dances and some of tne med
icine men in that district use them as a
charm to drive the evil spirit out Of
course there are ait manner of ratti. ". but -
this particular design is what mahes. this
one valuable, bee. here it is In one of the
• books mat our Government Issues, lsn t
it a beauty?" and the man who has every
kind of a curio under the shmmc sun
turned it over and enthused over its
uuair.t carvings and the bright colors. . :
••Oh here is another beauty. Look at
the carving on that. Was me 'man who
made that a fool? Well. I guess not- Id
like to Eoe one of our men try to do tne
"a! ne'sfid that he nourished the spoon
over his head and a faint rattle made him
&S&S\h.t .there was i anythin &
? n he th rea^ f^a^la'S! &r»A
it isn't a man. Why it must be Jonfh.
An«i then as he held the spoon out and
looked at It critically with one ey«" closed. ¦
"But that fish certainly was not made to
¦ HEBE «U5S&^^ii
Bibie didn't say that a w {»? le . 1 f,S' al t I h JW ; e it
Tnnah did if It merely said tnai n.
was a bis fish, and I insist that this must
be 4°s n it h -u S ed as we use our ordinary
teh aud the «5%^ lt JJ-"5JS5 M * 'u,°k\
•mSkf !h° r own ut?n.U fit makes no ««\
P their hands, and they- are j only . too-glad i
' .^^ol^^^pSia; -w j^A
their best work. . : In the first place it is^
/ not sh^ed. like a bowl. They represented^
- the 'beaver. ¦ The -, entire body h it - covered J\
{ with 1 various designs and the head i^noOA,
. only well modeled, but it is also well ln-^v
• ished: Is it not infinitely more artistic^
• than any of our vegetable dishes? , %
never saw one that could come up to, lt.S\
But it was not always as touchable as lt"SV
is now. Well. I guess not. It wa»;,«\
mass of grease and filth, and. it was all
that we courd do to have it about. It isn t : :
very, clean now, as I< hated to mane n,u>o
* Immaculate, for it would not be thorough- •
ly Indian." .-•.'.'/¦' .--. - :•. :¦.;¦¦¦
- 5 ¦ And the prof essor ¦ handled .it gingerly j
and has been -doing; that very, same thing' 1
for years rather than make it lose Its
chief characteristic. To. him the thing
must be absolutely correct or else it has
' lost its value. \- ¦ ', '.-'¦'; .,.;'•,.- ¦.
Profe3sor Davidson is the acknowledged
authority on anything Indian,, and to him
.also belongs the distinction of owning
the finest private, collection of curios in •
the United States. In 1859 he first went to
Alaska in the employment of the Govern
ment,, and "the majority of his specimens
were picked up in that year- and, In 1861,
before the Indians knew the value of them
and before they knew how to handle
silver.
1 never gave a cent of money to an
Indian," said the professor. "No matter
tT^u at I wanted 1 always bartered for it.
I was preparing for a trip I never
• whi^ro^.^^ef aU withy
woman th 3i cle , ver? . Listen to me, young ;/
skM^fi, »» Tw 18 a falr exar «ple of their /
¦show fVl° thlngs - • One dav L went on-/
making a l«^ e exercise and saw a squaw/'
no neeal* -i?nH' net - ow - l kne w she had 7
muke a li'r^ nif W0^ ered now sne /
large ball of twln« n« » ' She nad a /
enough to mak? d , wa V d «trous /
imummw
please let mo knr^ {,• ~.^ u lne time—/
thought ft *™s wonder^ W
for yourself whether "he ml,, njudse /
iSSSSSg gave her a hard
funniest doll imaginable . bilt wverthe
less, it was a doll. A queer little figurl
with a gay strand of beads about its
throat and a pair of gaudy ear-rings that
reached its shoulders. The . dress was
f.UTil.le in the extreme and the doll was
made of rough clay and was the personifi
cation of ugliness, but it served the pur
pose just as well as a beautiful Parisian
baby that cost several hundred. The Eski- /
mo youngster thought it every bit as hand- /
Bcire and hugged.it just as tightly and J
lovingly as did the American baby /
swathed in yards and yards of real lace, f
While the old saying, "fine feathers make iF
fine birds," is true, etlll it is every whit -Jr
ob true that flne feathers do. not change/
the real person nor do they change their/
true personality. A doll Is a doll for aU/
mat and all that. S
"Those people are not given credit fojr
half that they know," buret forth the par
feesor. "Look at this wrestler. TojtT
pure he is not a thing of beauty, butj**^
is In proportion, which is more than \sT
or 1 could do for him. Imow is ltjxa**
That tiKure is made of one piece of woe**
„«? H is neatn^s itself, and what is mveT
Sow* that they observe closely tuP
*\ 8 S eye 1. trained to be accugt*'
"But If you want real Indian decorative
work, wait a moment and I win show
you one of the gems of my collection."
In a "few minutes he came back, utterly
engrossed In taking several curios from a
cottony bed. - ; -
"These never leave my hands, he said.
"They are too rare."
*;•-.•*' One was an arrowhead of pure jade. Not
the kind that is seen so much in China
town and that 60 many bracelets are
made of. That -Is a vivid green and the
Chinese themselves do not think so much
of it. The clearer and purer jade Is. the
more valuable. This arrowhead Is almost
white and it Is as sharp as a knife.
"The fellow that I got U from thought
It was pretty fine," laughed the profes
sor. "And so did I. He was sharp enough
to get a good Jacket for it/ v
The other one was a slate 'totem. It. la
one mass of frogs, fish and men. Here ,
and there and everywhere is the Almlerhty /
eve that Is always In evidence. What/
their superstition is regarding it has never /
- b "Why° U lt- d looks like the portrayal of the/
-uff'of a man." I exclaimed as I turned/
ana twisted it in forty various directions./
•• Yo-u never made a better guess in your/
• llfe "came the ready answer. "That is#
«actfv what a .totem Is. The life of a#
*T^\w Is pi? Inly told there and if a#
&Sier recognizes any of his relatives/ 7
' bv any Pabular sign in the totem ho/
f« . to their protection, no matter^
J' en h tU s persecuted. It frpqt'-nMy < 3^
know If you "111 «Pl«m *»«,' tMe ™ 7??ff
no' religion fhat Is appa+ent - If :^ Q /
one. they keep It to themselves and no on©/
,- is- theiwiser. The fellows, that make the/.
- best 'totems and that make the greatest^
number are the Haldaites on the southemjr.
part of the Archipelajro Alexander. Their/
services are frequently called upon byJr
otbor tribes. . : • , ;• #/
"They sometimes mnke the nllls^B-'thatr •
ornament the homes of the chlpfs. The«&y /
pillars are about two and a hnlf feet thick''/
find about eight feet hieh. It is seldom'/
they are not colored so they look cratid*if
• with a quantity of red, blue, black . and t
"'once In x.- while brown paint on them.".
•:,-"Houses with pillars," 1 muttered. "I ':
didn't know they ever had ' houses big .
- enoueh for that." , • . .
"That's it. that's just it," laughed the
professor. "Your idea Is Just about as
accurate as most people's. I slept in a
cMefs chamber that was 54 feet square
i The beds were built around the room In
tiers, and there were between 300 and 400
warriors there j can tell, you it was a
sight to see all those redskins lined about
the room and to look out of your bunk
'chnmber" 1^ nrt in the ce * ter of "he
• . "But to get back to the' decoration nar*
ground fin^! n ?v ble art ? a faint back- !;
" P nd hl ?o5Sng W ffl e SfflSSBffi °ife^ I
°a if" W f £W bIrd °hat over 3 ee S h ?t |
V me^.^ w »^.-?^ k P-^sor-the ,
infl lyj, 1 "^ 6 most ot the baskets,
thVJ r£\ y 'Jl nc ? n i s the y do make. and.
¦"••££&? the clothes as well. An Indian
»r% u can sew with - nber "and sinews
,Pin»J?r}, out £ a P !t al work. They cut the 1 k
vnn^?, ner . than 'the ordinary cotton that \
J ou use. • As- a rule they sew over and \
°^f/ 4 °. n ", account-- of working with furs,
but they- understand : the art of needle
»v an l DUt •• u lnt0 oractlcal use. ! .
You. must not think thaf the Indian
i as i no ln «enuity. v He has any amount of «
it., in fact necessity is the. mother of in
vention. .For.instance, they found that ice
would . form, on *metals, on horn and on
r °cks. When they wanted to scoop out
the ice to get water, they • were seriously
inconvenienced, as Ice .formed immedi
ately. # 'Finally some one smarter than the
rest discovered that, whalebone could be
used successfully. He didn't try to patent
'. it and -make his neighbor pay him so
much to use that loosely woven basket of .
..whalebone fastened to a handle. No, not
he. He merely told this one, and this one
told. that one until to-day they are able
to scratch ,the Ice all day and get all
the water they please." ,-,
"Don't they make uso of shells at all"
; I asked. "It seems to me they liked such '
-trinkets.".. ¦ . -viV' •?"'
"Shells. Yes, indeed, they like them.
They frequently use them to outline an
opercuta. You " know the shape of our
-': chopping-bowl? That is a favorite shape
with them. Just around the ridge they
- ; set in. a row of shells. The bowls get so
dirty that It is impossible to Jell Just
what they do look like. The haliotls
seems to be a prime favorite with them,
.as they make so many eyes of it. Oh.
-those red fellows know a thing. or two.
M and you might just as well say it." And
I left the authority on Indians standing
on his veranda and calling after me.
-They are not fools." madgemoore:
The Most Interesting Collection of
Indian Curios on the Coast.•j"It is a beautiful song," said a girl to
an older woman who sat next to her.
"Yes," was the reply, "and - the senti
ment to which it ; moves all these people
is ¦ beautiful: How. much happier the
world .would be if every one had as much
principle as sentiment on the subject, and
followed out a .; plain everyday rule of
making home sweet."
- The girl turned thoughtfully away. She
hardly. heard the next song. She was ac
knowledging to herself . that, in spite of
her ¦ love .for tier, home, she made it un
happy every day of her : life by her will
fulness and quick ¦ temper. 1 How many of
source or Joy. Love, peace and confi
dence are manifested in all the family
relations. The noble wife and mother,
though burdened with household cares,
cheers all the others with her. kind words
and sympathy. She trains the feet of her
little ones in the heavenly pathway. The
husband, a plain, hard-working man, is
a clean, pure man, good to his children
and kind to his wife. The children,
though not gorgeously arrayed, are
skilled In refined manners and gentleness,
and 1 they, are ¦ a crown of glory and bless
ing to mother and : father. '¦•
,1 agree with Holmes when he says: 1
had rather eat my dinner off the head of
a barrel, ¦ or dress after the fashion of,
John the ; Baptist ; in the wilderness, or
Bit on a block all my life, than consume
¦ air myself :bef ore I got into a home, and
take. so much pains with the outside that
the inside was as hollow as an empty
nut. - Beauty, is a great thing, but beauty
of -garment, house and furniture are
tawdry ornaments compared with domes
tic love.. All the excellence in the world
will not make -a home, and I would give
¦ more for a spoonful of real hearty love
than for whole shiploads of furniture and
-all -the gorgeousness the world can
•gather."
" : An ' attractive ¦ nome doesn't come by
chance.: 'It must be planned for. lived for, 1
sacrificed. for, prayed for and suffered for.
It is ' the ' fruit of wise building.
': "A great singer had just finished sing
ing > "Home, Sweet Home." and many of
the . eudience were in tears.
IT is not always the proper thing i
inquire into the affairs of a man's
household, as every family and home
circle is a little world all to itself.
There are plenty of folks, however,
•who belong to the class of inquisitive
bores, whose chief business is to meddle
with other people's business, and there *s
scarcely a fireside whose peace and har
mony has not been- broken into by some
inQuisitive meddler. But not all inquirers
into the concerns of our homes are to
be classed as meddlers; there are those
who have a right to inquire- It was so
In the case of King Hezekiah when the
prophet Isaiah put the question to him:
"What have they seen in thine house?"
The King of Babylon, hearing of Hezo
kiah's sickness and recovery, sent letters
and a present to him. This so flattered
Hezekiah that he didn't hesitate to show
the Babylonians all that he had in his
house — his precious things and his armor.
There was nothing in all his dominion
that he failed to show them. The blunder
and folly of Hezekiah was his gratifying
his own glory and vanity, instead of ex
alting his God. He was informed by the
prophet of God that he should pay dear
for his folly in the loss of all these things
which appealed so much to his vanity.
Hezekiah isn't the only one who has
been most absorbed in the things of least
importance in his house. It is to be feared
that what the prophet said of the de
struction of Hezekiah' s house and its
contents may with equal force be said ot
many a home, where the labor and.
thought is all centered on the house and
its furnishings, instead of the furnishings
of the heart and mind of those who abide
there..
The question may well be asked to-day
concerning our home life and its influ
ence. "What have they seen in thine
house?" God who instituted the first
home when he gave Eve to Adam in
Eden, has unquestionably the right to
make this inquiry concerning our home
life.
We cannot 'well overestimate the im
portance of the home institution.
Its idea is instinctive in human na
tuie.
lien was not satisfied without hu
nun companionship, and so God gave
to nim a helpmeet and thus instituted th«j
home.
Kan's deepest instinct reveres the
home sentiment; it lies nearer the heart
of humanity than any other.
S'.Ke years ago a commission was is
sued to go to the north of Africa and open
a grave and bring back the body of the
man who wrote "Home, Sweet Home,"
and to-day his sleeping ashes make sa
• red the spot where they rest. In that
:::-mortiil song a chord was struck re
sp: r.sive to which all hearts could beat
in unison.
The first miracle Christ performed
¦rats at the consecration of a home.
It is said no more sacred service
ccUxd os performed: ¦ mere consecrated
than any litany that can be sung is" the
cc-Tcmocy of holy wedlock. It has to do
vrith the highest and noblest mission—
O**t of rearing the highest type of men.
Tile first Government on earth was
patriarchal and in it is claimed th-» incep
tion of all civil authority, and all right
ful civil government to the present day
is said to be "only an enlarged form of
family government in a representative
form, taking into consideration the wants
and necessities of each individual family
within its jurisdiction."
The home, in the unitv and psr
petuitv of the family tie, in its purity
sr.d peace, is the only guarantee to na
tional perpetuity, peace and honor.
To "demoralize the familv" is to "de
stroy both domestic and national happi
ness, and undermine completely the turn- .
pie of virtue and hope, and prepare the '
way of moral and civil desolation."
The familv is then the first insti
tution and lies at the basis of everything
that is good in society and permanent in
government. Here are taught the first
lessons of patriotism and morality, and
here are brought forth, nurtured and
largely developed the first fruits of all
that is good and pure. Here the best pos
sibilities of social and religious life com
mence to unfold.
The home is the foundation stone of
all civilization and religion of any value.
To destroy the home is to undermine the
whole social, religious and national fab
ric.
Plato taught that women were to be
kept In barracks so that no son shr»"M
One summer afternoon during the Civil
War a Southern general sat under a tree
with some fellow officers. A shell from a
Northern battery suddenly crashed over
their heads. The officers hastened to
safer places. One lingered — the others,
looking back, saw him stooping to the
ground, as if he had found something of
great value. It was a broken bird's nest;
this was the secret The general was re
placing it with its sacred burden.
May God help each of us that we may
belp toward repairing some broken home!
May we all realize that the surest way to
make an Ideal home here Is to make tha
heavenly home' our final destination!
The best way to accomplish the needful
national reforms is to make the homes of
our country the schools and nurseries of
every Christian grace and virtue.
To-day and always It will be true,
as in the days of the First Napoleon,
that what the country needs most Is
mothers. For with home and holy
motherhood; with home and noble
fatherhood; with . home - protected
childhood; with home and holy faith
enshrined in the hearts of the people
who have learned to love home, both
church and nation are secure. What
ever militates against the home
strikes a death blow at every interest
of humanity; whatever strengthens
and protects and purifies the home is
so much toward the advance of hu
manity.
The moral atmo3phcre of the home
should be wholesome. There should be no
temptation within its sacred precincts to
endanger the tender hearts that nestle
there. The mother love an*1 father love
should be pure and godly/ The social ills
that sin against the strength of youth
and warp us from the living truth should
be debarred from our homes. The world
has set its snares to catch the f»et of un
wary youth; that is sad enough to con
template, but to think of Innocent feet
beta? ensnared In the meshes of aln
within their warm home ne«t Is appall
ing. And yet that la often done in ways
in which parents foolishly think to please
and help their children.
Let home be s at. least one rrtace of
safety for childhood and youth. Then we
should ever bear in mind that all well
grounded [ hopes of true social life and
Rational life spring from and have the!
roots In the culture of pure homes. Alt
that is strong and enduring in etther
grows out of this holy soil. Here either
lurks the disorder that corrupts society
and endangers the nation or abMe those
pure graces which Mess and enrich society
and guarantee national perpetuity.
The love, peace and confidence of the
home must be carefully nourished. Time
must 'be taken to sare for this flower gar
den or all its beauty and fragrance will
wither and vanish away. What mars tha
peace and destroys the beauty and sym
metry of the home is the lack of heart
nourishment Hoire shonM be n place
of safety here and a guide to heaven
above.
When any one begins to lose taste for
his or her home and prefers to spend most
of their time elsewhere, they may well
suspect their lives, or else the home is not
what it should be. That employment la
dangerous to one's self and destructive to
the home which keeps one much away
from home, especially after the business
hours have «nded.
Payne has but written the language of
all normal human hearts. Explain it in
any way you please, there is no place like
home.
Home should be the place where w«
most are and love most to be. This will
naturally follow if home is attractive.
Home implies "familiarity. "Home,
sweet home" is indeed a common senti
ment—and a chord to which all hearts can
beat in unison.
What makes it so? Because the sentl~.
mer.t lies nearest and v dearest to the
heart. We believe that the beautiful song,
"Home, Sweet Home," is the true tran
script of the author's heart at the time of
its writing. ¦
The following version of the writing or
the song is said to have been related by
the author, John Howard Payne:
"It was In the garden of the Tuileries
that the words of "Home, Sweet Home"
first came to me. I had bee,n pretty much
all over the world, and in time I drifted
to Paris. But as I wandered alone and
without a penny through the city I be
came thoroughly homesick. I took a great
liking to the Tuilerie3. The sons of the
birds, the sunlight or moonlight through
ihe trees, the perfume of the flowers— how
they all reminded me of home!
"Yes," continued Mr. Payne, "the «enti
ment had been running in my head a long
time. I could not hit on the rhyme. One
evening as I was resting in the Tuileries,
and the stars were venturing out from
'their hiding places, the strain of a beauti
ful melody was borne on the air. It was a
Sicilian . tune. I had heard it years be
fore. It was exactly what I had been
waiting for. With a heart full of home I
hurried back to my lodgings in a remote
part of Paris. Before the night was over
my work was done. The tune made the
poem. I had hardly a sou. in my pockets;
but one or two friends helped me. My
passage to America was paid. At last I
got back. There were sad changes. A
few. only were left. After all. there is
no place like home."
You observe I say normal heart. There
may be some people so abnormal in their
make-up that like "the man without a
country," whom Edward Everett Hale
writes about, they may not be drawn very
strongly by the home sentiment. But a
man who loves and reveres the pure home
sentiment is in nearness to the Sternal
Home. » . ' -•'
us really do our best to. make home
h i?aUence and tenderness must become
habitual in the home, then will those
excellent traits live again In the children
What does faithfulness to other duties
amount to. if we are not faitntul to me a
tirst duties in the home? .
1'amilv Love— What, is more cheering.
mil™ life worth the livinjj. than to be
one ot an aifectionate family? -
Fault-nnding is not compatible with
such love. This destroys the peace ana
harmony of the home, besides ruining
one's temper and putting him all out or
harmony with the music of the universe.
"Dear Moss," said the thatch on an
old ruin, "1 am so worn, so patched, so
ragged, really I am quite unsightly, i
wish you would come and cheer me up »
little. You will hide all my infirmities
and defects, and, through your loving
sympathy, no finger of contempt or ois
l:ke will be pointed at me."
"I come," said the Moss: and it crept
up and around, and in and out. till every
flaw was hidden, and all was smooth and
fair. Presently the sun, shone out ana
the old thatch looked bright and fair, a
picture of rare beauty in the' golden ray*.
"How beautiful the thatch looks, cried
[one who saw It. "How beautiful the
thatch looks." said another. "Oh. saiu
the old thatch, "rather let them say 'How
beautiful is the loving Moss. For it
upends itself in covering up my faults,
keeping the knowledge of them all to her
self, and by her own grace making my
age and poverty wear the garb of youth
and luxuriance."
May the mission of the moss to the old
thatch be our mission in each or our
homes. What a different world we would
have if this were true of us. May it be
Bald of our homes.' however elegant or
humble, "How beautiful that home
looks " because of the loving ones who
live there and who spend themselves in
covering up the faults of the home, keep-
Ing the knowledge of them all to them
selves, and by their own grace, making
the commonplace and poverty wear the
garb of beauty and real riches.
As Luella D. Smith says:
Let the home be full of light— children's faces
shining bright. -
Let but gentle words be spoken; keep tha
charm of love unbroken. .' •« -- ¦ ¦.<
Let each member have hi3 share In the play
• and work and care:-
In the study, thought and prayer, none alone
the burden bear!
As you cross the threshold fair, leave behind
tha thoughts that vex.
All the fears that sore perplex, leave behind
the strife anil sin;
With the angels enter in. find & part or heaven
there.
THE SUNDAY CAl^C. T
3
to Know nis mother, but - serve only tne
s state. For a nation to carry out this idea
; of Greek philosophy is to commit national
" suicide Just to the degree that the peo
• pie of a nation deparc from the true form
. of the family tie are they not id for in
s civility and 'immorality. .The nation
. doesn't rise higher than the life of tht
. homes constituting that nation
"It is, therefore." as one has said,
"within the family circle that the star ot
i hope, of religion and civil rights is to be
i seen, and let it go down and all would
i be turned into the dismal darkness of
, midnight without moon or star to guide
the weary pilgrim on his way.*'
This being true, we are to regard with
exceeding anxiety any indications of loss
of power and purity to our homes and to
guard well the sacredness of the far.ii y
tie and the fireside.
Says Dr. Talmage: "When at last we
come to calculate the forces that- decide
the destiny of nations, it will be found
that the mightiest and grandest influence
cafne from heme."
Spurgeon said: "Home is the grandest
of all institutions." "
Dryden called home "the sacred refuge
of life."
Mrs. Sigourney is right when she says:
"The strength of a nation, especially of a
republican nationals in the intelligent and
well ordered homes of its people."
Then "suppose." as it has been said,
"that our home life could be put into some
permanent forms, and then our houses
should be buried by a catastrophe like
that of Pompeii, and at the end of eight
een centuries be brought to light. What
' would they disclose to 'the curious inves
tigators of that day? What does God see
there now?" What do others see?
I don't know what Is seen, but there are
some thines that ousrht to be seen in our
homes. Tfr«v should be th« c^m 7 ~ >r >n
cmter of attraction for all tin*. familv.»
Holmes speaks of it in this way:
Home of our childhood! How affection clings.
And hovers around thee " with her seraph
• ' wings!
Dearer tfiy hills, though clad in autumn brown.
Than fairest sutnmits which the cedars crow^
If home is as it should be, this would
be the sentiment of all. Home ought to
be attractive. To be so it must be happy. •
Parents and children should all combine
in making home the most tasteful and
'cheerful spot on earth.
The Earl of Orrery said: "Whenever
v.e step out of domestic life in search of
felicity we/come back again disappointed,
tired and chagrined. One day passed un
der our own roof with our friends and
cur family is worth a thousand in another
place."
Home being one of the chief agencies
in bringing about the consummation of
the perfect manhood of which Christ w.is
a type, it must be such a place the Earl
just described— happy, pleasant, attrac
tive.
Don't misunderstand me. I don't mean
to have ycu think that the building, with
all its elegant furniture and fixtures,
makes the home— not so.
Home Is not merely four square walls.
Though with pictures hunK and gilded.
Hr.me is where affection calls, ! ... v .,
Filled with shrines the heart hath bullded.
Home! eo watch the faithful dove
Sailing 'neath the heaven above us:
Home is where there's one to love!
Home Is where there's one to love us!
Home's not merely house and room.
It needs something to endear It:
Home is where the heart can bloom.
Where there's some kind lip to cheer It!.
What Is home with none to m?et.
Xnne to welcome, none to greet us?
Home is sweet — and only sweet
¦\Yhen there is one we love to mset us!
' * It -' Is to be' feared that home life and
influence^ Is anything but. desirable In
very many.- Instances. 1 ' What a' sad condi
tion of .things is suggested by the con
etant grinding of. the divorce >mill!- .j- 1
' There ;; is so -"much effort I put , forth to
adorn and " beautify ¦: the ¦< house vthat the
l'ome is neglected. Parents seem bent.on
getting •. rich ? and : on ¦ beautifying -" their
houses - and ; the premises, to the neglect
of Uhe. homelife and ; the -welfare ;-. of -the
children. . . . .' > \
Many homes ' may .well : be compared to
the ; frame : of. a harp ; that * stands without
Etrings.-. In'form. and -outline they sug
gest music, . but ' no . melody rises from • the
empty; spaces; , and thus At happens 'that
home - is unattractive, . dreary ; and ¦ dull. • :
• Love, 1 peace and ' confidence • make :the
home." -The .dwelling. Itself = cannot mako
the home. - - There ; is . Ivery. '• little *. home
ln^many. a big rbrownstone palace.'. There
may be' much - of home -in .'the -meanest
cottage, j The house isn't costly nor beau
tiful: ¦ The ', furniture is the ¦ simplest, . but
perfect neatness is seen. : Rag ,. carpets
; may 5 cover , the . floors; or if without even
such . they,, are ' clean. ' But the home s is
; pleapant vand - happy, v. The sun.- shines
brightly ¦ and fills the house. : But the kind
suirits that govern the home are the main
MAKING THE
HOME
FAN EVERY DAY
VERNONCHAPTER XX.
A SEARCH IN THE DARK,
"Coming up from Salt Creek they are
almost. sure to strike for the Loving
brothers' outfit at the. head of the west
fork of the Trinity," Stiilwell said to the
At the head of a troop of the Fourth
Cavalry and guided by Jack Stiilwell, the
scout. Colonel McKonzie had come Into
Texas from Fort Sill in search of a. raid
ing party of Kiowas. For days his men
had been patrolling the territory just
south of Red. River for sign of them. One
section of the colonel's force having
touched Henrietta, he had learned there
of the raids taking place farther to the
south. Aware that no man on the fron
tier was better acquainted with the coun
try and with the situation of the various
ranches than Stiilwell, he called the
ecout into consultation.
There were many bodies of troops op
erating in and around the Indian Terri
tory in that day, some of them com
manded by men who 6ince then have be
come famous as fighters. Colonel Miles
(now lieutenant general) was at Fort
Supply, in the west: Colonel Custer in
the north, and Colonel McKenzie in the
eouth. and they were all kept busy chas
ing raiders back upon their reservations
and punishing them for depredations. Of
the three, the gallant McKenzie probably
was the most feared by the Kiowas and
the Comanches. "The Man Who Kills"
was one of Uheir many names for him
although more generally he was known
as Mangomhents (or "The Man Without
CHAPTER XV.
McKENZIE'S MEN.
Often she compared him, as he lay
there helpless, with' the strong, valiant
self-reliant, reckless fellow who invaded
her lonely camp on that fateful night.
And for succoring me, a stranger he
has been reduced to this,", she would say
Still the sick man grew no better; still
was he hovering between life and death.
Sometimes, she thought, he knf/v . her;
but these were rare moments. More
often he gave her the impression that he
was waking into a, new existence in which
he would have no remembrance of the
things that had gone before. And at all
times he was as helpless as a child and
needed her constant, care.
But there were some things of value in
the wagon, and little by little the effects
it contained were sold to provide neces
saries for the sick man. At the end of a
month the wagon itself had to go.
"Now, indeed, I am doomed.", she had
told herself when parting with it.
One thing which sorely troubled her
was that she was without funds, penni
less, and the .proprietor of the hotel, a
cross-grained, cross-eyed man whom the
gamblers called Muggins "for luck." was
hard-fisted and insistent. ¦
To this place, bad as It was, the
wounded cowboy was taken; and here
also, simply because there was no other
place. Missus. Jim took up her abode as
his nurse. The thought -of a tragedy
that would perhaps occur were the gam
bler to find her here in attendance upon
a sick man had come into her mind not
once, but many times; yet as often she
had resolutely put it away in the convic
tion that she was performing a duty.
This man had befriended her boy. lie
had risked his life for her; she surely
would do as much for him.
In that day Henrietta was a collection
of log huts and cheap frame dwellings.
The only two-story building in the town
was known as "The Hotel." The ground
floor front "of this hotel was fitted up as
a bar and gambling saloon, with faro and
roulette and poker and monte tables. In
the rear, separated . from the saloon by
a thin board partition, was the hotel din
ing-room. Upstairs were the sleeping
apartments. The patrons of . the place
were stockmen, gamblers and buffalo
hunters, with an occasional woman of a
certain class, who would stop only long
enough to get her bearings before branch
ing out with a resort of her own. j
WOMAN'S LOCKET.
WHAT CAME OF THE SALE OF A
CHAPTER XVI.
"THE ONLY ORIGINAL MISSUS GOOD
WIN. . -. ¦ •
Half a dozen men had come in over the
trail f rom * Jacksboro. In front of the ho
tel they drew up and dismounted, and
then trooped In to Muggins' bar. -
"Howdy, gents?" said that worthy, rub
bing his hands. "What'll It be?" ¦ --.J
"Liquor first, then rooms, grub, and feed
for the horses,!' one of the newcomers re
plied. - - . ' ,-. ¦-; ¦ * . ¦-
."In for a little fun, or to stay?" queried
Muggins, as he set out bottle and glasses.
"That depends," said the other. "Good
win; here, talks of going ! on up to ' Sill
He's got a fool notion that the Klo was
have carried off his woman, and he wants
to see McKenzie about it." v , - y.
Muggins seemed to be studying the
ceilirfg;. In reality his gaze was focused
on the man referred , to" as ¦ Goodwin
Was he kin to the man -uostalrs, whose
Ecaln Rose was seeking?,. ft might be a
good thing to let her know there was an
other Goodwin on the premises and to
learn her views with respect to this onq.
Muggins had a reason of his own for
wishing to stand well with Rose. •,-.;,
"I'll just go up and see about the
rooms," he said. * "Ye: won't mind doub
ling.up, I s'pose, for we're abit crowded.
Here you, Manuel!" he added, pushing a
sleepy Mexican boy off a -• bench • by the
door as herwent out.- "Take that'cavvy
yard o* horses bacl^ to the corral an* give
'em some hay." , , v
The door of Brockman's ro<Sm was ajar.
Muggins, peering In; saw Rose drop ou
one knee beside Missus Jim, and, placing
both hands on her shoulders, turn her
head so that she, could look '* into her
eyes. ¦ • - • • ¦ ;¦ ¦..••-.¦•¦•
"That's why you're so ready to give up
the other," she said. , .
\ Muggins snapped his fingers to' get her
attention." ' . , .
"What is it, you old pirate?" 6he called
out. '.'Let's have it.. Out with it. We're
all friends here." -
"Huh! the woods seem to be full o'
Goodwins just now,", he said, with a grin
that was , meant to, be .conciliators;
"woods is plumb full of 'em. There'san
other of 'em in the bar.an" this'n thinks
the Injuns carried off his woman.". - ,
Missus Jim uttered a little cry, and, ell
a-tremble. turned, from the bed. " . - v :
"This, then, is where it all ends," she
said, as one unconsciously speaking aloud.
"How can he face me, or I him? But: I
mvst— I 'must. He shall be told.""
"You'll do nothing of ,the. sort," ' Rose
said emphatically, ."unless you're in a
hurry to get to heaven., ¦;'; You'll' tell "him
nothing yet, and you must- not uee him
here. I know the brute.. Let me handle
him <in ; the only that he can" be
handled. , Every rancher in town l shall
know, the right of this, and I'll :see to it
that they put him through his paces."
"Ye'd better hide out, then, the pair
o'yez," said "Muggins, " x "or he'll be
a-seeing i of ye ¦ first. An' . he's .; got -r a
strong party; six of < "em, ; all well heeled.
They're a-puttin', up here, 'too." ; ¦ :
"You' come along to .my shack '£ till I
CHAPTER XVII.
Twice during that month Brockman had
opened his heart to Missus Jim. She
couldn't go on living as she was, he told
her. He knew of a chap who wasn't good
enough to saddle her horse, but who
"thought a heap" of her and who would
take good care of her and of the maverick
If only she would say the word; a man
who had loved her ever since— well, ever
since she had fainted in his arms and had
been held tight to his breast that night
when life seemed pretty near the end for
both of them. There, the thing was out.
and he had wondered how he was soin<
to say it.
And at the first telling he had thought
from, the look upon ner face and the
quaver in her voice that his happiness
was certain. No woman could desire a .
better man for her husband, she had said 3
to him. It would make her happier than
he knew to be able to give him the an
swer he wished. But— she could not
There was a reason. No. she could not
tell him what it was— only that it was
something not even time would remove.
No. it was not that she did not . He
must not ask her that; was it not enough
to say that she was not sorry he thought
well enough of her to ask her to be his
wife and that It did grieve her that there
existed a reason why she could never
marry? .
At the second tellln|r all the impetuslty
that was latent in him flared up in re
volt and he declared that he just would
marry her. reason or nor reason. He had
his own consent and the maverick's., and
if she didn t know what was good for her
they did and he would have his way In
spite of all the reasons' that could be piled
on' top 6f each other.
And then she had smiled at him through
her tears and told him the thing he pro
posed was impossible. ¦ '
The reason, then? He must know the
reason, so as to be able to Judge for hlm
%?}£' » l£ any one cl9e know of. it? Yes!
Who? Rose Goodwin!
Then, jso strangely does fate order
things. Parson Potter returned to Hen
rietta and Rose followed in his wake.
Stranger still, there was a wonderful
change in the woman. She attended every
meeting at which the-, parson preached
and it was her voice that started tha
nymns when he gave them out.- But all
that aside.
Miasus Jim had not supposed that How
- "This business of mavericklng humans
is getting to be a disease with you. Ed,"
he had said on going away. "Ye can try
It just onqe more, and then ye stop— or
I sure will pull on ye."
There had been some planning done by
Brockman and Benola. It had been de
cided that their joint capital would be
sufficient to embark them in ranching la
a small way, and a partnership had been
declared. The ranch was to be in L03
Valley, and Benois already had parted
with the Half-Diamond L crowd and gona
down there to take up homestead claims.
He had claims filed for four persons,
these were proved up satisfactorily later
on. Brockman's intentions with respect
to Missus Jim were perfectly well known
to old Pole.
For another month Brockman remained
in Henrietta, and at the end of that time
he very nearly was his old self in the
matter of physical strength. The mav
erick had remained with him, and be
cause of the suddenly developed willful
ness of the boy in opposing a return to
their former home Missus Jim also had
been compelled to remain. She had taken
possession of a log cabin on the outskirts
of town and arranged with Parson Potter
that Captain Davis should undertake to
settle up her affairs in Kentucky and
convert her small holdings there Into
money. Rose had seen fit to follow Pax
son Potter to Jacksboro.
BROCKMAN GOES MAVERICKING.
CHAPTER XXI.
"You ain't goingin to-day,' are you?','
Jackf Langford asked of. Pole when he
Camp for. -the round-up--' had. "been
pitched on the -.Wichita,' a . few
miles, to; the west-of ,. Henrietta. -They
made it on the. afternoon .of; the second
day out; the day following that one ¦ on
which the Goodwin party had ridden into
town. •-.-¦-¦> ¦ •.-....
. "He's the chap," said Pole. "
"Mister Benois," said the ¦ little \ fellow
earnestly, "did Mister " ' Brockman go to
Henrietta to find him?" ,
"Reckon you'll have to ask Brockman
about that," was Pole's reply. ,
.On the way up every, one in' the hunt
noticed that the maverick was preoccu
pied. Nothing seemed * to Interest him.'
Even an immense herd I of antelope, per
haps a thousand ¦ strong, ; scudding • across
their, route into the northwest, that" drew,
shouts and shots from I the others, failed
to win his attention. ; r
VAin't fixing for . "another spell of
shakes, are you?" Bud Wtllett asked,
¦The boy. only shook . his " head. ;What
could have called ? Mr. Brockman to 1 Hen
rietta?. Had anything, happened 41 to- his
mother? 'If so, how >¦ could they "have
heard" of it without his -knowing -of ¦, .it,"
too? How did . it come that they "knew
anything about this man, or. that he was
in Henrietta?,/ These were riddles he
could not; solve, nor could he drive them
from , his mind. And that: hint, about the
revolver!,; The; diminutive .weapon was
oiled:and rubbed andlwrapped'up so thai
not a part tide of dust could, penetrate' to
Interfere with, Its. mechaniBm.
"That's funny," said the maverick in
surprise. "Why, .I've never been there,
and there's only one man in that place 1
know." " '
, "Can't say. Almost -hope not. "If he's
there yet, it's because he can't get away.
Anyhow-, it won't do any harm to have
that town'gun slicked up, a bit. ' Even a
pop like that might come in handy.'"
"Why did he go away?",- . - >.
"Reckon he'll tell , you when ye ask
him," was Pole's rather gruff answer.
"Petticoats may have had someth'ng to
do with it. You 'n' me'H be chief cook
and bottle washer this tripA We'll run
the grub wagon; the others'll do the
rounding-up and cutting out. . And say!
If we run across any one you know, just
call off his brand, to me before you. peep
a word to anybody else: There's a friend
of yours up there that I'm kinder itching
toget a good look at. Savvy?" .,-
"Here, youngster," Benois called to the
maverick as Dalton wenfr away to order a
round-up of the herd horses, "help' me to
grease this wagon. We're going up States,
and? we'll droR into Henrietta to see how
Brockman's coming along with that fam
ily matter." ' . '; i •:
"Do you think we'll find him there?"
the maverick asked. "
-"We'll have to go to Henrietta for.
news of him," said Pole. "Something has
happened to him ¦ sure." If the. Kiowas
had got him that gray would have worked
back to the range by now." ' ' <
"You and the maverick can go ..in For
grub when we join' the round-up,", Dal
ton said, "and maybe you'll be' able * to
pick up some trace of him."'
"No. They haven't turned him up any r
where yet. Nobody seems. to have, seen
him .after he left the Herald party to
strike across for town.'.' ' ' ¦"•.'¦:'
"If that leg of yours is fit for. business,
Pole," Dalton said to Benois, "we'll move
camp up to. the- Little -Wichita, and join
the-Ikard and 'Herald 'hunts. 1 They're
starting the spring round-up in Clay
County, and the plan is to work across to
the Brazos.- Ikard sends word that he's
found a big bunch of our cattle- on the
range between the Wichltas." .
"The leg is all-right." Pole made an
swer, "but it seems to be inches too long
for- the other one now.' Had to let out
two' holes: in the right sweat leather to
give it room. Ain't heard nothing from
Ed. have you?"
THE MAVERICK.
BENOIS SQUARES ACCOUNTS WITH
CHAPTER XVIII.
lowed by a volley from the mob. and
then the rider straightened up In .the sad
. die and shrilled out a defiant Aha-I-e
yah-ow-wah!" as he disappeared in the
gloom. * „ ,' ..„„,
"Half-diamond L," yelled Ringer. Who
can that be?" . • . , „ ;,:,.,<
"That sure was the maverick. saM
Pole, grinning/ "He's cut and run fo. It.
-One for his nerve— all together: . .
"Aha-1-e-yah ow-wah!" . . _
The shock of the shout made the
glasses dance on Muggins' shelves. It
was followed by a fusillade ¦ from th«3
street that, smashed" window lights anrt
splintered wood. The cowboys replied
with their six-shooters and then rippe.i
out another yell as they saw the mob
scrambling to cover. . • •
} There was a shuffling about in the room
-over their heads; then a shock, as lr
some one had fallen; then a .sound as ot
something heavy drawn across the noo»-
Out in ihe s.reet the mob was massing
again. Upstairs there was- a crash ot
glass, as if soine one had hurled a cna.r
through the window. There was anotnei"
volley from the street, and then the gam
blers threw themselves upon the door
with the intention of breaking it in anil
coming hand to hand with the . cowboys. .
The revolvers of the besieged were du»>.
but they were only four against many anil
it seemed as if the place would be taUen
by storm when half a dozen shots from
the room upstairs, fired right upon vne
heads of the assaulting party, caused tao
gamblers again to scramble to cover.
Something fell back on -the floor or tne
room overhead, and again there wa3 :\
sound as of something being draggeii
about.
From the windows of a log hut across
the road a volley was poured into t" at
upper room, and the spat of the bullets
as they: ripped into the ceiling and walls
was plainly heard in the bar. Then for
a few minutes the firing ceased alto
gether. '¦¦:
"That was pretty hot." said Benois.
"How do we stand?' '
"All right here," said Langford.
"Same as to me," was Ringer's reply.
•"How about you, Allen?" Pole asked
anxiously.
There was no answer. •
"Bad as that?" Benois. muttered.
"Thought they were overshooting u?."
"Ss-st!" came a sibilant hiss from the
rear of the bar. - „„ ¦ _ ,
"Oh, so .you're there, are. you? Pole
said, tremendously relieved. "What s a
doing?" " • ' .
"Some one crawling around in that back
room," Allen replied in a hoarse whisper.
They listened. Allen was right. Sume
one was feeling his way ajong the parti
tion. They could hear the hand as it slid
across the pine boards.
"Shoot at the sound." Ringer suggested.
Allen was about to act on the advice
when a faint voice called out:
"Hello, you people!"
"Brockman!" cried. Benois, a lump ris
ing In his throat as he shoved Allen s re
volver aside. "Where's the door?
"There ain't any." Langford said. No
ticed that when we came in.
"Stand back a bit. Ed." Pole called out,
"till I break through for ye." He threw
himself against the partition and "gave
way with a crash. "Where are ye? he
asked, peering into the darkness.
"Here," said a weak voice almost at nis
feet. "Ye'll have to give me a han.l,
iPoIe. Leg Just won't hold up.
"That- was you letting go at em Iron
up above, then," said Benois as he Hf'ed
the wounded cowboy and dragged him in
to the bar. "I was 'most sure of it.
"I heard you- all yell," Brockman
gaspec-"easy. Pole; that's the sore side
of nie-and it lifted me out of bed. When
you let go a second time and those fel
lows took to shooting in at you, I Just,
had to get Into* the game. \, »"„„_
"Down— down, all of you!" cried Lang
ford. who. had been peering out in front.
Benois pushed BrocKman to the floor
and fell beside him. just in time to escape
a shower of bullets. Ringfr ¦knelt beside
Lansford and they emptied their revolvers
at the crowd. As they dropped back to re
load Ringer uttered a groan. • ..
"Are ye hit?" Benois asked anxiously.
"Nope. • But the jig's about up. I ve fired
my last bean and Langford has only, one
m "Throw ln him my belt. Pole," Brockman
said "It's nearly full, and, I 'lowed .you'd
need' 'em. .Don't let 'em burn em .up so
fast." ¦ " -. . - . .
it was Alien who spoke. • The gamblers
had drawn off to consult upon a new plan
° AwaToC to the west there was a rumble
and a rush like that which ¦ heralds an •
approaching" storm. In the midst of it
thev heard a thin voice piping the camp
cry" It floated up to them clearly, though
seemingly ever so far away:
"Aha-1-e-yah ow-wah! Aha-1-e-yan ow-
maverick, by all that's lucky!"
shouted Langford. "He 1^ bringing up the
The besieged cowboys sent up a mighty
cheer, in which even Brockman joined,
though ever so. faintly. It was a spon
taneous tribute to the maverick.
There were other yells back there along
the road. They could distinguish them
easily now— the "Yip-yip-yip!" of the Her
ald men and the screaming laugh of the
Ikardltes, their "Ah-ha— ha-ha-ha— ah!"
The maverick wasn't doing things by
halves. He had brought the entire camp,
to the rescue. ,
The mobbers heard them, also, and they
fell out by twos and threes and hunted
cover until not more than twenty re
mained. These, headed by the Goodwin
ites, made a last desperate effort to rush
the besieged cowboys: but before they
could carry the place the men from camp
were upon them, shouting like fiends and
shooting into them from all sides.
Panic-stricken, the mothers fled In every
direction. Then followed a "shootlng-up
of the town" that has become historic on
the northern frontier of Texas. From end
to end of the settlement the invaders
spurred their horses, sfcooting into win
dows and ' doorways ' and volleying at
shadows - and yelling like demons until
every light was extinguished, every in
habitant burrowed out of sight; until the
very dogs were stricken dumb with fright
and crouched shivering with their tails be
tween their legs. Then and only then,
was the wrath of the cowboys appeased
Their natural enemies, the gamblers, had
, received a 'drubbing the memory of which
could, never, be" effaced.
Meanwhile the maverick had galloped
the gray up to the door of Muggins' bar
and called'out in a voice full of anxiety:
-» "Are we in time? Is everybody all
right?" '¦¦
Almost before the words were out of his
mouth the door was thrown open and he
was lifted off his horse by the men whose
relief he had secured and who patted and
slapped him approvingly as they carried
him in where Brockman lay upon the
floor. ,' -,-¦'
."".It wasn't much of a meeting, so far as
speech is concerned, but there was a
world of feeling and of 'sympathy in the
touch of their hands. The maverick knelt
beside the wounded cowboy.
"Did be do it?" he asked in an awe
stricken whisper.
Brockman understood him. "No; It was
a Kiowa," he answered. Tnen he added:
"And your little mammy was along when
It happened; She's here now. You'll see
her presently. She'll tell you. I s'pose
you'll both be, off to Kentucky, now that
you can be together again."
"Not unless yu're tired of me," the mav
erick said, bis eyes full of tears.
"Then- you'll j never go, nor your
mammy either," said Ed.
¦Mupeii's sneftVed bffU into t>«e bar.anrt
surveyed the wreck with a rueful counts
nance. "Somebody turned yuur Hurseo out
of the corral," he said to Bencls.
"It was that man who had the wheel *•
said the maverick. "I saw him do it and
I heard him threaten to kill us all. Mister
Brockman's gray was the only one that
didn't run off. and I caught" and saddled
him so that I could get out of the camn
for help." . . . ¦ v
Allen Jumped behind the bar. "By God,
they've got him!", he cried; "He'sgone!"
: "It's most dark now. If we can stand
them ; off ~. for i a -.while, may be > Kirby' 11
have the boys in after us." said Ringer
'Here: they come." Pole said. "Lay low
and. make the. maverick keep > under
cover." : ; '{'. ':.'¦¦':'¦ .'.>*.'.:'¦¦'¦.' ;¦ -,'. ( >;
•' ."There's going to be trouble," Polo
sahrto-tWe others. "There's \ most too
many, of "em- for, us, but we're . under
cover. ;;. It wouldn't : matter so much If
the maverick wasn't In It." \ He shut and
barred', the door. v ;
Benois .limped to the door. A big mob
was. gathering down- the .street. Men
were running about "with guns and pis
tols in their hands, and the gambler who
had been ; manipulating the roulette wheel
was ¦ there , haranguing them and I pointing-
In the direction of Muggins 1 bar. . •
. "Then we'll ..wait till he can," 'Langford
said. V "He's going with us. If we have to
wipe outiyour ole town to get him." -
There was a. shout and ,'a cheer from
down the street. Muggins looked in that
direction, then • turned . and fled. : ."Here
theycome!" he yelled as he disappeared
around a corner of the house.'. "I told ye
to dust,, durn ye!"..- A, '.?.'• ¦-,''-'*;
"Why," that man can't travel none!"
Muggins shouted ' back. "He's too near
dead." . v ¦ :. '. . , ¦¦ : ¦ \
. Then Muggins arose from behind the
bar.\where he" had . dropped at the first
sipn of hostilities:- "Light out, for God's
sake!" he pleaded. "They'll come back
ah' t tear down the shack !". He seized the
dying man by the shoulders .and half
dragged, half carried him out to the road
way. ."Hoof it, I tell ye!" he called out
to - the cowboys. "Them gamblers'll get
together/ an' clean ye out!" • : .'
. "Bring "the ,; wagon- and -,the horses
'round here In front," 'Allen -said to him
"We've got a little I. business tho
man upstairs, and we'll just take him
along." ' ' ' •¦"-;• . ¦ •
There was a rush for the door. The
maverick climbed, up ori the bar.' He saw
the gambler writhing on the floor and
Benois standing over him. "He jumped
down, was caught in the rush, and carried
into the street. ¦ In ten seconds the place
was clear., .
With drawn revolvers Allen, Langfor*
and Ringer lined up beside Benois.". "Out
you go, all of you!' cried Langford.' "The
first man that tries to pull down!"
• Two revolvers spoke at the same In
stant. The gambler's. shot, aimed at the
head, slit Pole's right ear. Benois had fired
through his holster and the bullet entered
the gambler's vitals. Goodwin spun half
around, the weapon fell from his hand and
he sank, slowly -to the floor.' " • ,
Benois wheeled about to face the bar.
Muggins - was I nowhere In sight. At the
fame instant a warning cry from Lang
ford told him that, he had been tricked.
He turned. Goodwin had him covered.
Benois was watching .him like a hawk.
He saw. Goodwin lift his head and a
smile grow "upon his face, fie scented
treachery. .
"That's right, Muggins." the gambler
suddenly called out. "Tane the boy up
stairs for me." " ¦
Goodwin flashed a glance about the bar.
"So you've got -the drop on me, have
you?" he muttered. "Well, all right. I
cave."
"Ye've done all the. harm ye'H ever do
that boy or his mother," he said quietly.,
Benois jumped at Goodwin, wrested the
boy from his grasp and passed him to
Ringer, who dropped him behind the, bar.
Benois slid his hand to the grip of his
six-shooter. He made no effort lo draw
the weapon, but pressed down on the grip
until the holster was uptilted so that the
muzzle of the revolver was on a line with
Goodwin's waist.
"So!" he cried, ' "I've found- you, have
I, you pup? .Now, by the Lord, I'll know
where that mother of yours is hidden or
I'll break every bone in your body."
The maverick was bending over-,the lay
out, examining it curlouslv . when a new
comer entered the bar. The man! was
Goodwin. He^ took in the cowboys at a
glance .and then ." his eyes fell "upon, the
maverick. With an oath he sprang at the
boy, seized him by the neck, held him out
at arm's length and shook him fiercely.
"Here you are, Mister Durham." The
gambler vgave the wheel a turn. "The
eagle bird pays you a hundred for one;
the red only give you even money." .
t "Stolen, did ye say?" Muggins gasped.
This was serious. Men had been swung
up to trees for having stolen horses in
their possession. •' "Why. that horse be
longs to the man upstairs— the chap with
a bullet in his lung.-' he hastened to ex
plain.
Then "the man upstairs"., must be
Brockman! Benois lilted his glass. "To
our absent friend." he said.
-VTo our absent friend/' the others re
peated and drank.'
"About that horse?" Muggirfs ventured.
' "We'll settle that," Langiord said, "with
the man upstairs." : " >
The maverick's eyes were dancing.
"Maybe tne man upstairs is-^- 1 " '
Benois warned him with-a quick glance.
"Go'over to the wheel : "and put 5 . that on
the" red," he said, tossing the boy a coin.
"Ed's big gray is out there in the pen."
In a flash Benois turned upon Muggins.
"Ye've got a horse out in your pen -iiat
was stolen from our outfit. Branded with
a half-diamond L on the left shoulder.
What do you know about it?" he de
manded. - ' :¦
This .time the laugh was on the gamb
lers, and Muggins joined fn it so heartily
that Langford suspected his mirth wa.<
forced. ' Allen came in. from the corral,
and as he filled his glass he whispered to
Pole: . • .
"Don't mind owning up that ye got tho
breed straight," he saiu. "He's blooded
stock, all right, and clean bred. Most of
the cattle hereabouia must a-ueen crossed
with coyote, for 'they're hell on howi
ing." • : • ..
"Better, order some mother's milk for
the . young Durham," the gambler said
sneeringly, jerking his thumb toward the
maverick. The remark seemed to tickle
the fancy of the loungers, for they roure.l
with laughter. "Ringer was about to
make a hot reply, when Benois headed
him off. ' .
"Nope," Pole replied, taking his meas
'ure; "drinking with some picked cattle,
two here -and one a-comlng."-
"Prinking alone?". one or tne Goodwin
party asked, leaving- a roulette wheel he
had been twirling and sauntering up to
the bar. ' .'. '.
The boy evidently had np news to offer.
Benois turned to Allen. "See where he
takes the horses, so's we'll know where
to find 'em if we need *em in a hurry."
Then he limped into the bar, closely fol
lowed by the maverick and the others.
"Give us something to cut the dust out of
our throats," he said to Muggins.
"Tamblen, senor."
At the beginning of the one street that
split the town from, east to west Benois
lashed his team into a lope and drove fur
iously into the settlement, his escort gal
loping alongside. " In front of the hotel
he pulled up with a !. loud "Whoa-ho
there!" that -brought all the loungers to
the street. - ' ,
'. "Como le ve, muchacho?" he called out
to Manuel, throwing him the lines.
"Bien, senor," ¦ replied the boy. , ,
"E los otros?" . . .
"No. Just keep your eyes on the mav
erick and your ears open for brag, and
we'll see and hear enough." ¦
"I'll post the others," Langford said.
"Here, . youngster, give me back that ca
yuse."
"Better not let on about Ed until the
game's on, then," suggested Lansford.
" 'Twcn't do to pass the drop up to
them." .
"Man's a gambler." Benois said to him.
"Don't know no better way than to get
right In among the blacklegs \ and then
watch the youngster. The man he shies
at'll be my meat. You' ns can keep the
flies off."
On the way in Langford traded his
mount with the maverick for a seat in
the> wagon. - V '
saw him hit"ching up. a fresh team.
' •.Sure,". said Pole. '"Didn't tell you be
fore, but Ed he came up to town on a
shooting matter, and I. reckon he's hit
trouble. Promised him I'd take up the
game 'where he left off. That's my busi
ness in town." . r .
"Then I'm' with you," Langford said.
"We'll take Ringer and Alien, and I'll
drop a hint to Kirby that if we ain't
back by night we need looking after." - '
\, Good!" grunted Benois, as he buckled
a collar and swung the hames into place.
"Maverick's in it; too. It's his. game,
but ho doesn't know the play." Man that
ran away with his mammy's the cuss we
want." ¦ .' ¦-; -.¦..,
As he toppled from the saddle he was
conscious that she clung to him to the
last, and was falling with him. Then
everything slipped away from him.
Henrietta.? Yes; but Bhe must go on.
alone. He would drop In a minute, and
then the pray, with only her weight up,
would fairly fly away from these Indians.
He had done the best he could, but every
thing was getting away from him.
"Missus Jim,' he gasped, "I'm hit bad;
Tm a-losing ye. Turn into— the saddle if
—ye can. Keep the trail— stay with the
rray— and— ride— ride like hell! Quick
hold to th« saddle."
He was swaying from side to side now;
anotheriump or two and he woulo be
cone. Why didn't she let eo? She couldn't
hold him when he couldn't hold himself.
"Let go of me!" he gasped. "Let go!"
Ah. this was it! He was going now,
railing— down, down, down. And there
was a sheet of lightning flashing out
there in front of them, and a sudden loud
roar, as of thunder; and he was sroins
down, down, down.
Hah! Bhe was like the maverick— she
could fight when she had to. And how
Quiet she was about it. No trembling
now. Times surely had changed. He was
th© weak one — it . was his turn to faint
now. Would she hold him as close, he
wondered. Ah, how things were whirling
round with him! Pretty soon he would go
down with a rush. And she knew it, for
she had caught the horn of the saddle
with one hand and was steadying him
with the other. Yes. he was going down
with a rush in a mlcute — but how cool
and coft her hand felt on his neck!
"Agalnl" he shouted. "Give it to 'em
again! Let them have the hot Irons now.
Aha-ie-rah ow-wah!"
With each shot Bhe fired Brockman sent
back a fierce yell.
She drew the revolver from the holster
and fired at the black shadows in the
distance. '
"NoT* he shouted, fiercely. "I'll hold
ye here. Ye might fall oft. If ye can
ehoot, get my gun out and give it to 'em."
"You are hurt!" she cried. "Let me
elt up. I can ride. It will be easier for
you.
She would think he was drunk. He
ehouldn't have yelled into her ears that
way. Good God, how dizzy he was! Yes,
they were ehooting again, but she mustn't
think of that, or these hot irons might
get into her brain.
They were yelling back there, but what
of that! He could yell, too. Let them
have It; he'd give them a throat-splitter
to practice on: "Aha-1-e-yah ow-wah!"
"Aha-i-e-yah ow-wah!" "Aha-i-e-yah
ow-wah!"
The woman in his arms came to with a
rasp, and stared up into his face.
Henrietta— that was the place: and he
must get there for the maverick's sake —
yes, and for the sake of the somebody
that he held against his breast. That
was it; that was worth the effort. The
Wg gray knew It, and was telling him so;
he was clicking it out with his hoofs at
every stride: "Here's your mammy!"
"Here's your mammy!" "Here's your
mammy!"
He mustn't think about this! It was
to Henrietta, they were going, and there
were howling devils following close be
hind. That was it— Henrietta! But these
red-hot Irons? Never mind them; they
fcad come a long way already, and the
gray was good and strong yet. But It
suddenly had grown awfully hot, and,
rtrange thing, that moon was just drying
up his brain; he didn't dare look at it
again, for it burned his eyes. Something
had set matters going all wrong, for even
the grass under their feet, which ought
to be waving yellow, was here, there, all
cbout, only red— red — red.
But at every Jump now Brockman
quivered with pain. It seemed, each
time the gray's feet struck the earth, as
If some one were plunging a redhot iron
Into that wound into his shoulder. He
could feel the warm blood gushing from
1t and trickling down his back: the arm
grew numb; he only realized it when he
taw his precious burden slipping away
Jrom. him. With a great effort he wound
his right arm about her and twisted his
hand into the opening in his shirt. The
gray must guide himself now, for that
left arm dropped helpless at his side.
The hot irons began to reach up— they
¦were plunging Into his neck at the back,
end tnen into his temples. How' they
tortured .him! Oh. for a moment's rest!
Oh, if he could only stop the gray for an
instant, so that those irons would stop
end so that he could breathe, for he was
suffocating. Something had gotten into
his throat: the breath wouldn't come, and
when he tried to force it the hot. irons
went jabbing into his side, searing and
tearing his breast.
A low moan caused Brockman to look
down Into the face of his companion.
With the moonlight falling upon it. it
was like a face cut in marDle,' more like
the face of a child than that of a woman
and a mother. The features were fine
and regular and email; not beautiful, but
sweet and gentle; and there was a fire
In the brown hair which made it seem
like a crown of bronze. It was so like
the maverick's face Brockman wondered
that he had not recognised her even by
the flickering light of the campfire.
What a little creature she was, to be
sure: hardly larger than the boy. he
thought. And what a world of trouble
had been unloaded upon, that frail body.
There must be something fearfully out of
gear with human affairs when a great
hulking fellow like himself went scot-free
of care and a helpless woman like this
was crushed to earth and overwhelmed
with woe. And she had been deserted in
that desolate spot— he would not believe
otherwise — by her cur of a husband. It
¦was luckv for him that he was not now
•within gunshot. Even with this pack of
bloodhounds in full cry behind them, he
would call him to account, and the surest
eye and the quickest finger with ! the
trigger would decide between them. And
then ,
And then a stinging blow upon the left
shoulder, which almost threw him from
the saddle and caused him to grunt with
the pain of it, brought him back in a flash
to their present danger. He had been
hit. The Indians had begun firing at
lonp range, and a chance shot had struck
home. It was a chance shot, /he felt sure,
for he had been among t"hem In the
Nation and he knew that they were poor
marksmen. Still, It hurt, just the same,
and another chance shot might disable
the Btallion, and then— well, then their
scalps would continue the journey north
while their bodies would be left there on
the prairie for the gray wolves and the
coyotes. It was time to run in earnest,
and the stallion stretched into giant
etrides as he felt the steel boring into his
sides.
*-yt LONE, Brockman would have
f\ waited to take one* shot at them
/ I and then have given the gray his
V. I head and left them as if they were
Jl standing still. But now he would
take no risk that was not forced upon
him: they must not, come too close. He
touched the gray gently with the spur,
and the big fellow tossed his mane, half
turned his head, and gave a shrill neigh,
which sounded like a challenge as he
forged ahead.
Copyright, 1901. by J. N. Quail
CHAPTER XIV— Continued.
There were many new graves in the
cemetery on the Little Wichita when all
was over, "and each grave a sermon in
itself," the parson had said as he stood
there bareheaded before a motley crowd
of sinners and preached against the
futility of serving "in that army that Is
led by the devil."
"Amen to that"' the parson said; and
soon afterward he drew a blanket up
over the set face, and touching Rose upon
the shoulder went from tne house tu
work that was awaiting him in the road
way before Muggins' Hotel.
Throughout the night the parson la
bired with and prayed over and ; off erod
what comfort and consolation he could to
the dying gambler. In the beginning h-s
was reviled, cursed, Jeered at. But his
Infinite patience and pity and unselfish
earnestness wrought a change, and at the
last there was a wailing cry of "God for
give me!" that brought Rose to her
knees in tears at the bedside.
"And you?" he moaned, staring into
her face. "And you. Rose?"
"I — oh, Jim! 1 forgive you, too!" she
sobbed. "May God forgive us both!"
It was, perhaps, just as well that Missus
Jim had been called away, although there
were two reasons why Parson Potter
would have had her there: that she might
have witnessed the deathbed repentance
of the man who had deceived her. ana
have added her forgiveness to that of thf»
other woman whose life he had wrecked.
There was another reason, also, but that
was not so urgent. It related to a deli
cate commission undertaken at the re
quest of Captain Davis to ascertain if
she could be induced to leave Goodwin
and would permit the captain to arrange
for her return to her old home.
He lifted the unconscious man in his
arms, and. guided by Rose, strode off
into the night.
Potter was a name to conjure with any
where on that frontier. Every cowboy
knew it as that of the Fighting Parson:
a man who would sing hymns from the
back of a bucking broncho, who could
handle the rope lute one of themselves,
who had preached salvation to a crowd
of turbulent sinners held in order by the
frowning muzzle of his revolver, and with
whose tours of his circuit neither Indian
raid nor stress of weather was ever per
mitted to ¦ interfere. They saluted him
respectfully and drew off.
"There is a flicker of life in this sinner
yet," the parson said, stooping over the
body. "Let us take him in."
smile in his eyes and an unusually tender
note in his voice when he spjke.
".You sure tock a big ris'K fur me." he
said. "And so you wouldn't .-ell the
Pray? Well, if ever you go back to
Kentucky, you can just take him along
with you. He ain't broke to a side
saddle: not yet, he ain't: but if you
am t in too much of a hurry to get away,
me and the maverick can coax him to
"He it all right. , If— if ever you do go
away." he repeated.
We are not going away. Are we,
"T n ? y>? the maverick asked.
l do not know— there is nothing eh.e
I ,* U *L to , d0 - l fear that we must." she
said, hesitatingly. ( 'Ar.d yet. there Js so
["' le . to So back to— after-after all lhat
thin- " PPC - Stm> we mU3t do som °-
••v?, Ure '" Br °ckman agreed. heartilJ.
_ *J ° u . m " st do something, all ngnt
t^Z Qi bu i l reckon we can rustle that
something for you. Eh, my maverick?"
.. v x es ' the b °y said, smiling in his face.
Cou"dn't C y U ou?" maVenCk l °°
"I've been thinking some of that s,ame."
Brcckman said very softly.
The raid was over and the bar down
stairs was crowded with the cowboys,
who were celebrating their victory. The
town still was housed up, except lor two
persons, a man and a woman, who were
searching out the wounded. The woman
was Rose. The man might have been
either a. cowboy or a gamblor to judge by
his attire- He carried a big six-shooter
slung at his hip, wore his trousers tucked
into his boots, and the band of his som
brero was a leather strap fastened with
a buckle. Their search had led them in
front of the hotel, when an exclamation
from the woman drew the man to her
side and at the same time attracted the
attention of those in the bar.
The man was kneeling beside a body
the woman had pointed out to him. when
there was a rush from the bar and
twenty voices ordered him at once to
declare whether he was for or against
the gamblers. He looked up into the
scowling faces without flinching, then
arose and replied In a strong voice:
"I am against the devil in any shape,
and this is devil's work." He pointed to
the man at his feet as he spoke. "And
if the devil interferes with me." patting
the gun at his hip, "I shall fight him
witli his own weapons."
"Men!" It was Rose who spoke, and
the tremor in her voice might have been
due to the fact that six-shooters were
being brandished again by the cowboys.
"Men, this is the parson— Parson Potter.
Let him do his work."
"Go with' her. Missus ', Jim!"- he
gasped. The words were so faint as ; to
be hardly audible.
'•'Good !",. cried jipse. > "And you won't
be lef t ; alone f either, for Muggins shall
bring a woman to take care of you." .
."Anything to oblige Rose," Muggins
said, and got his eyes in a fearful' tangle
as he leered at' her. "
There was' a sudden commotion in tho
bar below— a shout, a scuffling of feet, a
stampede to the street and, a jangle of
oaths and queries out in. front.- Muggins
ran half way down the stairs, peered out,
then hurried back as fast as '.'his Mega
couid carry him. ".,
"It's the wagon," he said to the wom
en. "Manuel drove it out to the road an'
thi^, new Goodwin has set up a claim to
it. ; He s a-hollerln' for rrte now to tell
him where I got it.: Ye'd better lite out
onct— down the back way an' 'round
by the corral." ;¦¦¦•• %$**$%*
"Here, landlord! Where's that cross
eyed thief? Landlord!" some one below
was shouting. ; ' • . > , ..
"Comin':". yelled Muggins, hurrying
both women into the hall. ("Off with ye,
quick, while they're all out in;' . front !)
Comin', durn ye! Here I be." In his eag
erness to prevent them from coming up
he tripped and fell from top to bottom of
the stairs. - i ;
With .the breath jolted out of him,
Muggins was unceremoniously jerked to
his feet by the Goodwin crowd and plant
ed face to facelwith its leader.
"How aid you come by that outfit?" the
gambler demanded to know, pointing to
the wagon, which had been drawn up in
front ot the hotel. ..."
"Oh, that? ". How did I come by that?"
Muggins repeated, rubbing his head and
striving for time to- think. "Why—er
some o' the boys found it _own south by
the branch, after the Kiowas went up a
couple o' moons back."
"The woman— what became -of her?"
asked.
"There weren't no woman. Leastwise
we hadn't lost no woman, an' so we
didn't look for none." ¦-.-.¦
"You're a-lying. Muggins," .said' the
gambler. • "That Mexican says you
bought this wagon from a woman, and
that the woman calls herself Missus
Goodwin. You're holding out on me. Deal
square or there'll be trouble. Where is
this Missus Goodwin?"
"Here she is!" said a voice oh the edge
of .the crowd. . : - . ¦ '.'-..
"Rose!" muttered Muggins.
She pushed through the mob. and placed
herselt directly in front -of the gambler,
her arms akimbo, her head thrown back,
her whole attitude breathing defiance.
The gambler started : back in surprise
and swore a great oath. -••
"Here she is," Rose said again. "Missus
Goodwini if you please, and the only orig
inaL "Missus Goodwin in this town, if
any of you doubt it, just ask him." and
she pointed to the gambler. , "Muggins
lied to you, did he? Don't suppose that
you ever told a lie in your life, did you?
Well, the boy was right. Missus Good
win did sell that- outfit; ;and I'd like to
have some of you tell me: who i has a bet
¦ ter right .to sell. Missus -Goodwin's prop
erty than, Missus Goodwin herself. Par
ticularly, you men willlpleace to under
stand, when =;, Mister. , Goodwin. * runs off
like, a cur 'ancTleaves7h£r .to shift for
: herself. "--^•lA^-v-i-v^I-U: t- • <
V; The gambler jmade a -movement indica
tive of intense" disgust- and 1 ' sought: to push
his way outithrough theVrowd.
¦ '."Just one • minute, : if you please." Rose
said, "with mocking politeness. "Let us
i have this matter thoroughly cleared up.
I appeal to "-¦ you, - men." Does' this rig
belong' to Muggins, : who it and
paid for it with hard- dollars, or does it
belong to this man who only, claims it?"'
"Muggins!" shouted; the crowd, -enjoy
ing to the full the spectacle Rose was
providing. The Goodwlnites hastily aban
doned the field and took refuge in the bar.
• "Thank" you, my bullies!" , cried the'
triumphant Rose. '¦"-,"' •
figure this thing out," Rose said to
Missus Jim. , "No one can hurt'' you
there, and no one would think' of looking
for you there. .You needn't fear-con
tamination,", rather fiercely, as . Missus
Jim seemed to shrink from the offer;
"you'll have the place all to yourself.".
"It isn't that," Missus Jim said quickly.
"Don't think I meant that. But how/can
I leave this. sick man? He. has nofone
else to depend on." . - /
Rose strode past her and stood beside
the bed. -V . < . .¦;¦-" i '¦
"Can you understand what I say?" she
asked of . Brockman. . . '
;.l be,. wounded -man nodded faintly.
-Then listen. - This woman is in
danger. You are too weak to protect
her. -I Would you rather have her . come
with me, with one- of my sort, or remain
here r and -be murdered*— perhaps before
your eyes?" -.- . . . /
Missus Jim bent over him to catch his
answer. The thin hand was again ex
tended. : ; ¦ ..-.•-.
And sitting in the bed of her own wag
on with Brockman's head In her lap,
Missus Jim rode into Henrietta." Nor was
she troubled with questions as to her re
lations with the wounded, man. for fron
tiersmen are chivalrous and their cour
tesy and kindliness are not of the inquisi
tive sort.
The surgeon's • Intention had been to
carry Brockman in on a stretcher made
of blankets and swung between slow mov
ing pack horses, but Missus Jim urged
him to send some of the escort back to
her own camp to bring up the wagon for
that purpose, the lieutenant's phrase, "if
we can get him to camp without shaking
the life out of him," having convinced
her that the utmost care was necessary.
It was the first the surgeon had heard of
a wagon so near at hand. He was glad
to comply In order to secure it for an
ambulance.
It was not until daylight that the start
could be made and the wounded man
moved, so the escort of ten men was sent
into camp on the spot, while McKenzie
started nqrth at once with his trouble
some prisoners. A tent was set up over
Brockman and some blankets were spread
for him. The surgeon sought to persuade
Missus Jim to take some rest, but she re
fused to leave Brockman's side.
"There's a fighting chance," the lieu
tenant told her. "If we can get him to
camp without shaking the life out of him,
he may get well. Bullet is in his lung,
and the surgeon dare not risk probing for
It here. His \ head- is hurt, too. Must
have had a nasty fall. The colonel has
ordered an escort of ten men to take you'
both to Henrietta. The surgeon will go
along."
She looked up in affright; then arose
and clasped her arms about'the stallion's
neck. This was sympathy indeed; this
was his horse, the gallant,, animal that
had refused to desert them even in dis
aster.
There was a tramping about in .the
grass beside her, but she paid no heed.
There was a hot breath upon her neck,
but she stirred not. Then the long, slen
der nozzle of the big gray was thrust
into the grass at her face and rubbed
against the brown hair.
As he turned away, she dropped in the
tall grass and buried her face in her
hands. Perhaps he was already dead—
this man who had befriended her "child
and who had saved her life. She had
known him scarcely more than an hour,
yet It seemed that she was losing the
friend of a lifetime. His looks, his con
duct, the rough chivalry and the unself
ishness of the cowboy— all these fitted
Into the picture of an ideal man that she
had drawn long ago in her » girlhood.
And so it seemed to her as if she had
known him as long as she had known this
Ideal. - . ; > .
The surgeon came, made a quick exam
ination of the wound, and shook his head.
The lieutenant led Missus Jim to one
side.
"Wait here a bit," he said. "We'll do
the best. we can for him."
She turned at. the sound of his voice,
and, as she saw his uniform, held out her
hands appealingly. "Oh, sir, . he is dy
ing!" she cried. "Help me to save him!"
"Are you hurt?" the lieutenant asked.
In an Instant he was beside the group.
To his surprise, the horse, instead of
making off, followed and stood near him
as he bent over Missus Jim, wno had
Brockman's head in her lap.
"Good God, that's a woman!" he
shouted to Stiilwell. "Never mind the
horse — bring the surgeon up at once."
Picket ropes were spliced hurriedly to
make a long line, and strung along this
like fence posts a dozen troopers started
out to encircle the gray in a rope corral.
The lieutenant at one end of the line,
had just passed beyond the stallion when
he caught a glimpse of two figures — one
kneeling, the other prostrate, i r
"Then hunt him up," said the com
mander. "And take the surgeon with
you; he may be alive."
1 "You can have him for nothing, for
I' reckon the owner's dead," Stiliweil
replied. "The man who rode that horse is
the one they were after. I saw him go
down Just as we opened fire."
"That's a white man's outfit, sure."
said Stiilwell. "These bucks all ride
'pack trees.' That's a stockman's rig."
"If the horse is as good as he looks,
I'll give a hundred for him," the com
mander said.-
The horses of the defeated Kiowas were
rounded up. Off on the northern edge of
the battle-ground an animal stood alone,
his head high in the air.
"There's one you missed, and one that
you'll have trouble in catching," the Com
manding officer said to a young lieu
tenant at his side. ¦ . . '
The encounter was short, sharp, deci
sive and altogether one-sided. A few of
the Kiowas got away, Satanta among
them, but a number were slain and the
remainder made prisoners. It was a hard
blow to the Indians, and marked the be
ginning of the end of their devilment on
the northern frontier of Texas. Satanta
himself escaped only for a time. He was
caught at Fort Sill on his return, taken
to Jacksboro for trial, and sentenced to
be hanged in the post there, Fort Rich
ardson. The sentence was commuted to
life imprisonment, however, and he died
a suicide in the State prison at Hunts
ville. But that was long afterward.
And so it happened that out of that
flash that was like lightning and on the
heels of that roar that was like thunder
there came charging a troop of horse. It
swept toward the surprised Indians, and
another sneet of flame spouted from
along the line. Then carbines were thrust
into holsters, and with six-shooters in
hand McKenzie's men closed . in upon
them.
Colonel McKenzie's preparations were
made In an instant. Without bugle call
and by spoken command the men sprang
into their saddles, unsluhg their carbines
and waited for the word.
And at the scout's suggestion the com
mand had moved south from Henrietta
that evening, traveling at a sharp trot.
Twenty miles from the town the com
mand was halted to rest the - horses.
While the. men were down Stiilwell rode
on in search of water. . He had not gone
a mile when he heard yells and rille
shots, and he galloped back to the camp
to tell the colonel that the Kiowas were
running right into them either in pursuit
of some one or being pursued. .
colonel. "That's where we'll find them,
if we find them at all."
The expression on her face as she knelt
beside the bed revealed a great deal to
Rose Goodwin.
• Missus Jim made no reply. She had eyes
only for her patient, and he was holding
a thin hand out to greet her;.he knew her,
and that evidence enough that reason had
returned. . '
That cry! Surely that was her patient's
voice! She sped along the hall to .find
Rose standing at his bedside, speechless
with astonishment. Brockman was staring
at her in a puzzled way. • «¦ . ¦
•Rose turned upon her. "Who is this
man?' she cried. "This is not my hus
band—nor yours! Muggins said he was
here." " . . , ¦ ' . - •¦ ' •
What did it all mean? she asked her
self. Could it be possible that her hus
band had come on to at last to Henrietta?
Husband? Had she called him that?
"Do?" said Rose. "Do as I Intend to
do — show him no mercy, sick or well.
Hound him; hound him to the very last."
, She darted from the room, and Missus
Jim heard her running along the hall. , A
door opened, and she heard a shriek of
laughter and the cry:
"Come on! ' Let Jim Goodwin look upon
both of his wives!"
"We were married * less than -eight
months ago," Missus Jim faltered. What
nightmare was this coming upon;. her
now? A dishonored woman! And for an
instant she almost rejoiced at the discov
ery! Her composure was gone on the in
stant. "What shall I do?" she moaned.
"What can I do?" , . .. •
"Are you crazy?" Rose asked. "Don't
you realize what this means to you? That
I am his, legal wife and that you never
have been? He left me penlless In San
Antonio a year ago— and he .'must , have
gone at once to you." ¦' \ '.-."•.¦ ¦. '.-"-".• '
"If he is your husband," Misses Jim
was thinking in a dazed way of the sick
man in the other room and of the effect
all this, if true, might- have upon their
lives— "If he is your husband, take him.
I will not dispute possession with you.".
"I knew it — I knew it!" Rose screamed.
"My. husband!" — (she was mimicking
Missus Jim now)— "Why, you poor fool,
he's my husband, too; mine before yours!
God, but he shall suffer for this!" ,
"What I want to know," said Rose,
opening the locket and pointing to a pic
ture It contained, "is who. this, man is,
and what he is to you."
"That is the portrait of my husband,"
Missus Jim replied. '
"Name! Name! Give me his name!"
the other woman atmest shouted.
"Goodwin— James Goodwin," she replied,
wondering at the demand. • , •
"Come into my room, then," Missus
Jim said, leading the way to an apart
ment at the other end of the hall.
" 'Taint the money," said Rose, calmed
by the other's manner; " 'tain't the
money, but something else. 7 Go away,
Muggins. I won't hurt her, but 1 want
to talk to her alone.". \v- k
"It is worth many times what the wom
an I sold it to gave ms for ' it," said
Missus Jim, quietly. ; "But if she is not
satisfied she may have the earrings as
well. The money has been spent.';
"Where did you get this?" the woman
called Rose demanded to know,"tremb
ling: with excitement as she held out the
oval locket which had been sold only, a
little while before. "Where did you get
it? And who are you. anyway?"
"Ye can't go into that room," Muggins
was saying to some one out on the stairs.
"Ye can't go in there, Rose."
"Then call her out," a woman's voice
replied. "Call her out, or In I go, in
•spite of your whole ranch. Who is she,
that I'm not to talk to her? Trot her
out or there'll be trouble, I can tell you."
"Sh-sh," said Missus Jim, appearing in
the hall and raising a warning "linger.
"There's a very sick man in that room
and the slightest noise disturbs him.!' /'
Back with a double eagle instead of the
locket; the bills were paid, and she went
into the sickroom to watch and to wonder
how it ail would end. She never again
could live with the man who called her
wife; never had she loathed him so
much — not even when she. made the dis
tressing after-marriage discovery that the
self-styled ranchman who came courting
her for a second time in her Kentucky
home was in reality only a . gambler at
cards, that his "range" was the Texas
frontier, and that his "cattle" were the
troopers at the Government posts. She
could never a~a in' be as. a wife to .him.
And as soon as he became conscious and
strong she must leave this sick man; she
must get as far from him as possible, be
cause — because
Yet bills must be paid that the sick
might get well, and she must pay them.
All that remained were some bits of
jewelry, a large oval locket" and her ear
rings—things for which no man would
care. Here was greater proof of her pity
than all which had gone before, for to
sell these she would have to go among
the women of the town, and perhaps' be
jeered at and laughed at by them, and
told how Never mind; it had to be
done, and it was done.
. Not the gray, nor even the smallest
item of the cowboy's equipment would
she part with. As for the gray, she
visited him every day to be. certain that
his wants were attended to. She could
open her heart to him as she could open
it to no other living thing; she could
throw her arms about his neck and : tell
him that she • loved . him and Icibs the
black star in his forehead; she ¦ could do
and did these, things— for had he not had
a part of her salvation? Sell him? She
would as soon think of selling her own
flesh and blood. . -
There came a ¦ day when even that
which she had received for the wagon
was exhausted, and the need for money
was great and distressing. '¦¦'.:.¦'¦ -
VYe'd better let me have that gray,"
suggested Muggins. "He's a terrible
feeder, but I kin make him earn his
grub." - ..¦..- ¦ . : ,
and her heart would swell with pity for
him. ¦¦• ..- ¦ ..- ¦¦ - ... •¦/ ' ¦ ¦ '.) :-¦ ,- •'-.. -
THE: SUNDAY CALi;:
Continued on Page Tea*
,V ,.. CHAPTER XIX. .;•
THE MAVERICK'S RIDE TO CAMP.
A \ of . hoofs * broke In . upon the
confusion outside, land a : gray ¦ horse, ; the
rider lying far out upon his neck," flashed
by- the windows of the bar headed west.
. Cries^of "That's one of 'em!" were fol-
In the room upstairs, to which Brock
man again was carried, mother and son
were reunited. Muggins had been unable
to find Rose, so at-Brockman's reaueot ill
had gone to the hut Rose called rhom»
and had persuaded Missus Jim th*t i,Zi.
patient needed her. Hurrying to his sidt
she found double reason to rejoice— w
boy .was there, and the man who had k
friended him and ' risked his life for w
was strong enough to sit up and wpi^rwl
her. She raarVefed at the sympaThv ¥£%
affection that had sprung up T w «
them-marveled until she remembered
own feelings, and then grew sad ."" r
The story had been told from Ita .k.
sldes-^all but that dreadful discing 66
made by the- wounded man 6
one : arm about the boy's shoulden? £?«
studying her face across the room a
BROCKMAN'S MAVERICK
¦Ig?J"@5EPH-jV.
4The newspapers of Brooklyn say that
the free lecture system has proved a great
.Miriam Maclaren and John Marble mar
ried*, and went to Los Angeles, where the
young husband went into business in his
father's bank. Miss Maclaren was one
of the San Jose girls who were noted at
Stanford for their prettiness. In early
days the Garden City turned out more
Miss Elsa Ames married R. F. Gilliam
after a college, courtship that lasted sev
eral'years. Miss Ames' queenly type of
blonde beauty was said to have done
havoc with the heart of a certain profes
sor, who flunked her out of his class
when she refused him for . the sake of
Mr. Gilliam.
Marguerite Blake,, that very pink
cheeked and pretty young lady of the '97
class, surprised a great many of her
friends some three years ago by sending
out cards which announced her marriage
to Ray Wilbur, the tall president of the
'96 class. He has been forging ahead of
late, having a fine place now on the Stan
ford faculty, where. he teaches physiology.
May Durham and J. C.\ Klrtland wer«
so absorbed in their engagement while
they were students that ' they were never
well known by many of the other young
people.' They devoted themselves to each
other and to their studies. They were
brainy people both of them, and Tghen,
they left Stanford thev went away to
teach together. ¦'•;_;, '-''/'
_, They^used to,:be a stunning . couple in
the quad. They are perfect types of > the
Gibson man and. woman— they have splen
did physiques, clear-cut, aristocratic fea
tures, and are smart dressers. They al
ways . looked like brother and sister, al
though there was nothing brother-and-
Bisterly in their devotion. "
Kittv Haskell was one of Marylyn
Main's particular chums, and' she, too, is
married now. Herbert- Straight, a Sigma
Nu, was the man who bore her off.
Main and-' Chester Thomas
have been married recently. They had a
cardinal^ wedding ' at Miss Main's Santa
Barbara home! with decorations that
|blazed'as they do at a football game.
the public was quite convinced that a cer
tain football 'player was: the lucky man,
then the guessing shifted, and most of ; the
guessers Vere -lqst entirely. ¦ In J the end It
turned' out that Wilber McNeil. 'a "Fiji/;
was the fortunate fellow. . * : '>~Xi{ ¦ \ -?' .
.When Miss Hearhe" swept rdown the cor-
Jrldor, hearts used to drnnin], e K path. She
ried . a year^ago as the result of a Stan
ford; courtship and. they are living up on
Russian Hill now,'. the hilllwhich has been
the center of San Francisco's ; clever set'
for. man y t a year. The Irwiris are of them.
Mts. Irwin is'an artist.' -an- amateur
actress and a" housekeeper all In one pretty,
woman'.;' Which : Is a good deal . for high
And Judging from the Stanford matches,
Dr. Jordan is entirely right.
But the sad stories are very, very few,
and the happy ones are very, very many.
* Does co-education lead to marriage?
"Certainly it may," replies Dr. Jordan,
.*and fortunately so."
Lily Burch followed her husband, Louis
Allen, to New York, to Los Angeles, and
finally out on the desert to Indio through
his long suffering as a consumptive.
Nothing was of any avail. He left her a
widow with a splendid little son. She went
back to Stanford after her husband died,
saying that all her happy days had been
spent there and she could never leave it. ¦
Two sad stories are those of Lily Burcb
and Alberta Merritt. Alberta was one of
the Kappa girls, a favorite of them, and
never did two people' love each other
better than she and Carl Clemens, the
great football hero of early days. After a
long engagement they were married and
went north; they had hardly, come to
realize how happy they were in their little
home when she died.
If marrying a professor Is properly
termed a co-educational match, then
Frances Rand and Anna Kohler belong in
the list. Miss Rand was a Pi Beta Phi
girl, who married Professor Smith. Anna
Kohler is now on a prolonged honeymoon
In Europe with her husband. Professor
Earl ' Barnes.
Mary Burke and Scott Calhoun were a
couple whom all Stanford watched during
the pioneer years. After graduating Mol
lle taught for a while, then they were
married.
Mary Holt, the witty Southern daughter
of an old Southern family, is married to
Walter Rose, the young lawyer, and has a
home here in San Francisco. There never
was a girl at Stanford who was quicker
at repartee than she, and her wit always
kept plenty of admirers in her train be
fore Walter Rose won out.
Evelyn Crow, one of the San Jose girls,
married Sam Simmons and has gone
abroad ' with him now while he studies
medicine.
Elizabeth Chapman was another of that
sorority who married after a college love
affair. She and Robert Donald now have
their home in Sacramento and there are
two little Donalds in the home. >
Harriet Buck, a Kappa Kappa Gamma,
likewise had adventures all because she
married. Herbert Stark took her to Jo
hannesburg, where they have been living
for a number of years now. They have
been in South Africa during the Boer war.
Lou Henry is one of the girls who have
left the cloisters of Stanford for an ad
venturous life. She and her husband,
Herbert Hoover, went to China, where
he turned his wonderful mining knowl
edge to good advantage. They were there
during the terrible Boxer siege, were re
ported Most more than once and finally
emerged with all sorts of heroism to their
credit.
Hilda MacLaughlin, noted for her
beauty and her height, the very tallest
girl of the '36 class, if not of the univer
sity, married Harry Gray and settled
down to domestic life In Oakland. Hilda
was the English girl with the bright Eng
lish coloring. Her home was in quiet
Victoria before she went to Stanford.
Dora Moody is another of the Thetas
who has gone the way of all girls. Tom
"Williams, the big center rush, was the
man responsible.'
Ruby was a sensational freshman whin
she entered, with her prettiness and her
clever wheeling. She slew hearts riglit
and left, laying one college poet so ft>\v
that all he could do was to mope neip
lessly and indite verses to Miss Green an«l
her bicycle. In the end Howard Bell, a
Phi Delta Theta, came out 'Victor, al
though it has never been known that he
wrote a single verse to her. Perhaps this
serves as a lesson to '"oets.
Ruby had ambitious plans for her fu
ture, which never materialized. She was
going to graduate from Stanford, take
higher degrees and in the end become a
teacher, a great teacher, perhaps a col
lege professor; but domesticity put an end
to all this.
more about mathematics than ever a girl
did before or since; then she renounced
logarithms and equations all to become
Mrs. Clark Whittler. . Kate Nash an- 1
Carl Thomas were known as lovers from
their freshman to their senior days. at*«»
they had not been long out of cDl'.es^
when they married. Ruby Green becarm-
Mrs. Howard Bell before she had «*
chance to graduate, although she hair
done enough heart-slaying to till a full
four years' record.
;
THE SUKDAY-CALL^;
What David Starr
Jordan Thinks
of Co = education
and Marriage.
A final question: Docs not
co-educaticxi lead to marriage?
Certainly it inny. find fortu
aateiy so. No better marriages
can be niadetli&n those found
ed on common interests ana
intellectual friendships. It is
part of the legitimate function
of highxr education to pi-epare
•women, as well as men, for
happy f.iid successful lives. —
From the News Letter.
MATCHES are not all made in
hoaven. Stanford University is
a hot rival of heaven in this re
spect.
Down there in the quiet of the
cloisters, in the woody paths, under the
shade o<" tho now slain '95 oak. the young
nennle t»a.Vfl been wooing and winning for
was a willowy blonde with eyes as big as
pansies, and she 'knew that black—flow
ing black, with . a plumed picture hat—
made a* dream of her.
j She / and "Billy'' McNeil ' were married
the same season as Grace Clark and Roys
Strohn. : , The ' men .. were f rat brothers.
Everybody expected Grace {' Cork to ; be . a
"Fiji" bride, but there used . to be some
doubt as to ; which "FIJI."
She was one of the three Clark heiresses.
Being an heiress is enough to' distinguish
a girl at Stanford... She used to give house
parties in her ' San ; Jose home and : invite
Stanford^ people down. She had a good
time ; With her money. • .
: She was 'the ; kind of a girl who dared
do what ; the whim 'prompted. ' Old-time
Stanfordlfes remember seeing '! her "climb
to the high. seat, of the rumbling, - rickety !
oldPaio Alto bus. one day, seize" lines' and
whip and 1 drive . those horses ? as they,; had
never :beeri driven 'before. .She was a icood
horsewoman; and she* made the old bump
ing bus' rattle down the roadat the pace
of a smart tailyho. ' ;'
"Hallie Hydo arid Will Irwln were mar-
¦ ;¦ "•.:.¦¦ . - • re
education to . have . accomplished. \ .
Lottie Steffens, remembered by her col
lege mates . as' Dot, was ¦' married to ' J. ' J.
Hollister ; after v / a j Stanford love , affair.
Everybody whoV was there^ in early years'
remembers seeing them strolling together .
— the^very, blonde girl andUhe very, dark
man. '¦ " Jim',' ;. Hollister Is '. a member ' of -
the Santa Barbara family. He is a daring ¦
fellow. 1 , -He went - to ' Nome . In ¦ the ' first :
years of the ¦ gold '. fever and went . through
all sorts of dangers there. < Then he came ',
back to" Dot as his reward.!
• . •-
a Cornell woman. Therefore he has not
only preached but likewise practiced. He
says that co-educational matches. are all
right and nobody disputes him.
A number of the professors have done
the thing themselves. There was Pro*
fessor Walter Miller who met his wife
first at Ann Arbor. There was Professor.
Smith who married Frances Rand, a co
ed; there were loads more of them.
No wonder Stanford young people have
looked upon matrimony as one of their
courses of study. Illustrious examples lay
all around them.
During the first few years of the uni
versity's career, these affairs were In an t
embryo condition. It Is only of late that !
they have materialized. A . good many !
of the young people became engaged dur- '.
ing their college careers, but did not
marry until later, when the breadwinner '
had begun ft> win. Of late, marriages
have been reported thick and fast, and
the Stanford wedding with its' cardinal
decorations has come to be a fad of the .
season. . . •
'Probably there never was a love affair '
within the quadrangle that kept Interest
alive as steadily as that of Alice Cowen
and Guy Cochran. He was one of Stan- ¦,
ford's darlings; he was a football hero ]
and a glee club man, and the gods had ;
given him more than ' his share. Either '
of these dlstinctions^alone, ought to have :
been enough for one mortal. Add to
them both the fact that he bore off Alice ;
Cowen and his good fortune was nothing ;
less than insolent. • ' i
Alice appeared on the scene when the '¦
'87 class entered. She . was one of - the
prettiest of them and was Immediately <
spotted as such by „ the critical ' eyes that . i
are always open to "size up" freshmen.
She comes of a dlstlngrulshed"lrish. fam
ily and is Irish In her beauty; her,- hair,.
ie as black as her eyes are blue and her
cheeks are rosy. And thelwitty
of her race 1b hers as well.
She came to Stanford from a girls' sem
inary where she had graduated in order
to get away. She did not take kindly
to seminary restrictions., She enjoyed the
fuh of college life.
She ' had scarcely appeared ' on the quad
before it was all up ; with : Guy Cochran,
and thereupon " they ; entered „ upon ; their
affair which lasted all the three
years that they . were ¦ at college together.
Then he went to Columbia, and it was not
long before they were married ' and set; ;
tied down in' , Ne,w Ydrk, where* it is re;
ported that they are keeping house in an
adorable flat..; They are coming 'back to'
California before long, where ; Dr. : Coch
ran, as he now Is, will practice... j,io;
Virginia Hearne was the famous beauty.
of Stanford and she kept gossip guessing
all the time she was there. At one time
the last decade since the university came
Into existence. Nor has their lovemaking
been forbidden fruit. Dr. Jordan's ap
proval has cone forth:
"Co-education may lead to marriage,
and fortunately so."
So the young people kept on spooning,
as they probably would have kept on any
way, whether it had been forbidden fruit
or not. However, it made it easy to know
that It was smiled upon Indulgently.
It would keep a psychologist busy to
analyze all the whys and wherefores of
this matrimonial spirit that has pervaded
Stanford so much more than other eo
educational Institutions. Of course the
students who go there are at a romantic
ape: but this holds good of other colleges
Just the same. Men and women students
ere taught In the eaxne classes; but Stan
ford is not unique in this, either.
For one thing, it Is located in a romantic
epot. A man is certainly more likely to
fall In love with a girl when he sees her
frn<r fluttering in a March breeze while
Ehe gathers a hat full of popples than he
would be if he came upon her picking her
way over a sloppy pavement or clutching
her hat in a wind that ruined her com
plexion. Girls are very picturesquely en
vironed at Stanford. They can.be found
In many foregrounds with hills and wild
flowers in the middle distance, and they
are often framed in arches. These girl-
Ecapes have proved too much for many a
man.
Another thing that counts is Stanford's
Isolation. Stanford young people are
thrown upon each other for society, and
acquaintance ripens.
The faculty looks on and approves. Dr.
Jordan was a Cornell man and he married
5
ROMANCES
OF
STANDFORD
pretty co-eds than any other town In the
State. ..V..'
: The Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority did
wonders in the ,¦ matrimonial line. The
married Thetas are scattered everywhere
now. May - Hume, who ; married "W. W.
Potter, Is living in San Francisco in an
artistic flat . up at the top ' of the ' Jones
street hill. Winifred Odd well learned
success. During the course, which lasted
thirteen weeks, 112,414 people attended.(Continued on Page Ten.)
paratively speaxing, ana" the ciner pecu
liarity was ¦ the -fact,- that you can look
right * into his nostrils, -which you cannot
do 'with: this picture (No. r 5). >•'. -j
"Then, too, 'his chin was not so strong.
JU wa*. more pointed u&e ihis '.No. ¦»..
and be always brushed his hair like this
(No. 1).; His figure was square and solid
looking like this (No. 3) -.But his particu
lar type of face Is best shown in these
iwo pictures u\us>. i. uuu .,,. Xtiii picture
(No. 5) has the strongest resemblance to
Bennett's face of any picture tha police
men perfectly they have found. scores of
euspects who "look like. Bennett." In
deed."r the description is such a common
one that everybody, even the .school
children, are now pointing out men who
"look like; Bennett" .
As Krone has had the greatest opportu
nity ¦ for studying . the . missing murderer
he was asked to make the first selections.
After going , over I the . big : pile • of ; photo
graphs several times with great care and
deliberation he picked out the six print
ed'herewith:
•,'Thls > picture (No., 2). bears the most
general resemblance ¦ to; Bennett." ¦ he said .
"though the face is a little to& broad and
the mustache too much at ; the
ends/; 'This picture (No. 5) shows ¦ the
mustache and the expression of the lower
half of Bennett's face, more ' clearly. Ben
nett's mustache was quite; full like this
and he wore it in' precisely; the same way.
This ;> man is ' too alert : too f wide : awake
and forceful ; looking for ; Bennett. { how
ever. ' Bennett's nose was broad like this
(No. 6)| „ It vwasiboth broad and flat,' com-"
Composite Face s of Man Who " Looks Like
Bennett'* Made Up From Characteristic Features
of the Fa.es on This Page, Selected by the Four
Witnesses Who Had Dealings With Bennett. -
And because, as the police have pointed
nut. no two people ever give the same de
scription, or even a passably good de
scription, of the same person, as in like
degree no two people ever receive the
Atid yet, though they cannot convey
thsir mental picture of the murderer to
*»ny one else with any degree of accu
racy, these raen h3ve his image clearly
tefore their mind's eye and declare em
phatically they would know him again
anywhere. /
Less than half a dozen people in the
whole city have ever seen Bennett. At
least the police have been unable to find
any others. Of these half dozen the po
lice have had to place their chief depend
ence for all their information about Ben-'
cett on Just four men. They are Fred
W. Krone, proprietor of the Popular Res
taurant, where Bennett dined quite regu
larly and where Nora Fuller kept her
fatal tryst with the man who is now be
ins hunted far and wide; E. B. Stengel
ct the Noonan Furniture Company, on
Mission street, near Sixth, and B. T.
Schell of J. C. Cavanaugh's. at 8<S Mis
sion street, from both of whom Bennett
tried to buy furniture: and.C. S. Leha
nier. the clerk at Umbsen &. Co.'s. from
v.-liom Bennett rented the Sutter-street
huuse. Upon the meager descriptions of
ihrsf. four men hang the whole sum and
s-ubstance of all that the police know
about Bennett. "With the exception of
3: rone none of them have ever seen the
suspected criminal more than once, or
twice.
With every succeeding day his crime
has become more difficult of solution. In
a!l the maze of circumstantial detail sur
rounding tills remarkable case there are
absolutely no clews of any substantial
value. o-V"
Weeks and weeks have passed since
pretty Nora Fuller was murdered in the
tack room of the empty house at 2211 But
ter street, and because the police have
r.o pictures of the elusive and altogether
mysterious Bennett, upon whom the
atrocious deed has been fixed, he has baf
iied the efforts of the best sleuths of the
rhole continent to capture him. Long
before the denuded body of his frail vic
tim ~ was discovered by the young man
sent by L'mbsen & Co. to investigate the
reason why the house of. death was still
vnoccupied after it had been rented for
pearly a month, Bennett had disappeared.
*"I EKE is a pag-e of photographs that
| \ "lock like Bennett." Have you
I j seen the man whose features have
JL J the strongest characteristics
%y rhoxni In these faces? .v ; •,
1 — Hair like Bennett's—Se
lected by Krone.
2 — General shape of face like
Bennett's — Selected by
Krone, Stengel and Leha
nier.
3 — Figure like Bennett's — Se
lected by Krone, Schell and
Stengel.
4 — Chin like Bennett's — Se
lected by Krone and Sctell.
5 — Mustache and lower part of
face like Bennett's — Select
ed by Krone, Schell, L>eh.a
nier and StengeL
6— 2Tose like Bennett's—Se
lected by Krone, Lehanier
and Schell.
Parts of These
Photographs That
"Look Like Bennett."
Those are all the essential points, but
so far they have proved absolutely-use
less for all practical purposes. With that
description alone to guide, them, thou
sands of professional and amateur sleutha
are working to get the big reward offered
for Nora Fuller's murderer. Scores of
men have been arrested or. kept .under
dose surveillance for weeks, Blmply be
cause they "look like Bennett." The best
detectives on the local fqree, even Includ
ing Captain Seymour himself, have. gone
scurrying up and down the coast and half
way across the continent and back' again
to identify suspects who "look like Ben
nett." only to find that the zealous police
had arrested the wrong man. ln'or.e.or
two instances the man who '"looks like
Bennett" has turned the tables on his
captors, as in the case of . the ovcrconii
dent amateur detective down south" who
is now serving sixty days for false im
prisonment because he followed a man
who "looked like. Bennett" for two days
and finally, after a desperate encounter,
brought him back* to* Jail by main force.
It is to prevent just such expensive mis
takes as these as well as to give the po
lice of every city and town In the West
something tangible to work on that ;the
four chief witnesses against Bennett have
selected these, photographs . that "look
like Bennett." As the police point out,
' Bennett's face . is in no sense the ' accept
ed criminal type which they declare is
the reason he is so hard to catch." And
¦because, too, his description fits so many
"Bennett's height is about five feet and
seven Inches; weight about 160 pounds.
Has excellent teeth, slightly prominent;
mustache of brownish color,' chin rather
long— as la also his face.. Has a decided
cast in his right eye, the eyelid of which
droops slightly. His hands, always in
good condition, favor the tdea that he has
never done any manual labor. He walks
with a military swing, takes long strides
and appears to be a 'man belonging to
some profession, being studiously inclined.
Is always well dressed, usually in black
Prince Albert coat or long black overcoat
¦with Derby or silk hat. He Is between
35 and 40 'years old."
It is for this reason that the police have
been searching everywhere for a good
photograph of Bennett or of a man who
"looks like Bennett," to send out to sup
plement their description of the mur
derer. Ca'ptain Seymour has more than
once ceciared that such a picture is of
paramount importance, for many serious
blunders have been made from the de
scriptions that have been telegraphed all
over the country:
The police themselves declare that men
who could never recognize Bennett from
the descriptions sent out broadcast, even
though they should see him every day,
would know him at a glance after seeing
his photograph, or a good picture of a
man who "looks like Bennett." There
is n6 better me"ans of identification known
to criminology. No matter what changes
the fugitive may make in his hair or
beard or clothes, the tell-tale expression
of his eyes— the shape and contour of his
face shown with absolute fidelity by the
camera — never changes. i,-Sj
Of course, none of these pictures look
exactly like Bennett. That would be Im
possible, for in all the world there are
no two persons who look precisely alike.
But according to these four men who
know Benr.ett best the pictures they have
selected show the chief characteristics of
his face, and serve to give a good idea
of the peculiarities of the features which
cannot be gained by any one, even those
trained to the ; work, from mere descrip
tion.
same mental impression from the -same
description, these four men have selected
the pictures on this page for The Sunday
Call from hundreds of other photographs
of men who answer the police descrip
tion, to show just what type of face Ben
nett has and help the detectives in their
quest.
These Are the Parts of Heads Used to Make
the Composite Face; mustache From No. 5, Nose
From No. 6, Hair From No. 1; Chin From No. 4
_.j p Frnm Nn *>'
THE SUNBAY CAM,.
THE PHOTOGRAPHS
THAT LOOK LIKE
BENNETT?quartz colored .by nickel. A' large quan
tity of "'this-, stone -has been found, neai
VJsalia, and Eastern jewelry firms are
buying, much of it. • ¦_., • •¦ . , ,;,•,,.. -
¦:, The foreign sounding name of aragonite
is given U6, one of the mosf.beautiful of
the stones of California, it Is a form
of. marble' : popularly called onyx,- and
much of.it comes from San Luis Obispo
In I the'> specimens • of the museum many
tints are 'found; from the green of the sea
to the rose pink of the. dawn, and "the
semi-translucent stone shows strange'de
signs ranging ' through its coloring; in the
.„ ¦•¦¦•¦ -,-'.'¦'. .' ¦' . ¦ •
shape of fantastic clouds, battlements and
mountains. - Other ¦marbles.-in the'collec-
tion are the "sky blue"; fromthe quarries
near Riverside, named from.its color, the
rich green of verde antique, and the,roso-
colored layers,of travertine, all found in ¦
California. ;.;.' :::..-. *"..-" '
-¦'Among; the-mineral curiosities are some
smair pieces of what. 1 you. would take at
first 'glance to. be:.'bits of'flesh-colored
marble, v These are specimens of hydro-
phane, a.variety of opal found .in River-,
side County. This opaque stone has'a
wizard-like, quality. -Drop a: bit of. it In
¦V.-j '-' - - ;: •¦ *. '•"¦ ¦.;.'• '.-: .• ¦ - ... ,
.plants from Utah, where they are worked
as silver bearing ores, the fossils being
permeated by a silver bearing solution,
probably found in the natural waters that
flowed over them. A pretty mineral of an
amethyst hue is . rulillated quartz.^shot
through with fine-threads of rutile. This
mineral is^popular known as arrows of
love.-and many Is the heart-shaped trink
et:that has been fashioned from It and
given :¦ to a sweetheart.- • Coal in many
stages is shown, and reposing In a case is
a model of the first gold nugget found at
Sutters Mill in 1848 by Peter L. Wimmer,
'who said to his son: ."Take this to your
'
clear water and watch it. Beginning at
the edges it grows translucent and milky
before your eyes, till you wonder If it
will not disappear entirely. Take it from
the water and in a moment or so the
solid marble is again before you. Special
cases are given up to the large families
of the quartz, the jasper and the chal
cedony,'among which come the varied
hues of ' the amethyst; the opal and the
• moonstone.
In a case there is an . imposing gilt
model of the largest gold nugget* known,
the Welcome, which was probably very
true to Its name when found near Bal
' larat, Australia. The weight of the orig
inal was 2166 punces troy.
A big cube of pumice is a queer mineral
compound— once a rock full of gases
blown by volcanic action into a cell-like
of. natural glass. And just aa
'strange, but' more beautiful. i$ a big
jagged piece of obsidian, which is what
was once granite, now melted by natural
causes Into glass. Sheets of this strange
. mineral are found in Napa County.
• There are sheets of a milky white
transparent mineral in a case. They are
seUnite (sulphate of calcium), one of the
varieties of gypsum used In the cOmposl
. tion of plaster and plaster of pari3.
A mineial that Is elastic is another of
nature's freaks. The popular name, min
eral leather, which it receives from its
.' stretching.' qualities, is an easier one to
remember than pilinite. the name given
it by the mineralogist. It is found in
whitish sheets very much resembling as
bestos, and ' specimens have been taken
. ¦ "from crevices in the Almaden quicksilver
mine.-
There is an interesting collection of
- mollusks and fishes also in the museum,
among them some 'large oyster she^l fos
sils. . ¦
The museum represents the mineral in
dustry and aims to show the methods by
which the crude ores are prepared for use
"and market. A relic of old mining me^h
f ods Is a. wooden rocker with its two tin
dippers, which probably once stood by the
bank of some creek that had golden
sands.' . .
There are some fine specimens of the
turquoise, now so fashionable, which la
quite extensively, mined in California.
From Alameda County come some spec
imens of magnesite, or carbonate of mag-'
nesia, a mineral which will some day be
extensively used In • the. manufacture of
magnesia brick. ¦
In the midst of a lot of mineral bristles
the Jaw and teeth of a mammoth frcm
•Santa Rosa Island. The clays, borax and
other minerals of commercial Importance
Rre arranged by themselves In groups, and
the same arrangement extends to gold,
silver, copper and minerals- of economic
importance. An interesting feature 13 an
extensive collection of Italian marbles, as
well as building stones, from other parts
of the United States. Of much curious
Interest are some specimens of fossil
The o^d headquarters of the bureau wer-»
«n Sutler street, near Grant avenue, and
were not so commodious as the present
or.et, though even now more space could
be used with advantage. The headquar
ters in the ferry building as now occu
pied Include the office of the State Min
eralogist, Lewis E. Aubury: the museum.
In charge of J. M. Hyde, curator, with J.
M. Ciine as assistant; a well equipped
library: -the headquarters of C. S. Long,
the secretary and librarian, and C. O.
Duhain. assistant librarian. In the next
loom, which Is the draughting depart
ment, where the maps are made, Shirley
baker is the busy man in charge.
One of the most enthusiastic depart
ments of the bureau is the laboratory,
vhere E. B. Preston, the assistant min
eralogist, is kept busy classifying sam
ples of minerals trreit are sent in. This is
done free of charge, and any one may
Front an educational standpoint if none
cthei these people would rind the museum
u most interesting- spot to visit. Its ex
hibit of sixteen thousand mineral speci
n.tns ranks among the finest collections
iv the world. In it are specimens of each
c!ass or variety .of every known mineral
in the State of California, and if any
form of a certain mineral is needed that
this State does not produce It is secured
from another State or country. Ey an
act of the Legislature approved April 16.
1.NSC. the bureau came into existence and
has been kept up at the expense of the
Siate ever since.
THE register on which visitors who
are seeing the sights inscribe their
names at the museum of the State
Mining Bureau in the ferry build
ing shows an average of one hun
*t*c and fifty people daily, embracing all
classes, from the student of mineralogy
and the prospector to the idler who a.sks
Isnpossibie questions of the curator; Last
year there was a registration of fifty
eij,'ht thousand visitors, besides the many
who omitlc-d to leave , their signatures.
Still, there are people in San Francisco,
and not a few of them, to whom the Stat.o
Mining Bureau Is an region,
if not an unknown one.
send in anything in the shape of a min
eral that is found in the -State and see
whether he has found diamonds or gold.
Nc assays or quantitative determinations
are made, but simply classsifying or iden
tifying, and the bureau has been instru
mental -in the discovery of many ' new
ores through the work of the iatxiratory.
Mr. .Preston has the assistance of.C. J.
Ysile. statistician, and they are both kept
bv.sy. Just now there are many samples
of black Band with platinum brought in,
for there is much inquiry about that pre
cious metal at present One man some
times brings in as many as twenty-six
s-amples of ore or mineral with the re
quest, "Please tell me what this is.""
The samples are put through a chemical
analysis and the man is tola the different
materials they contain. Miners ate often
sent to this department also when the
rush of business Is great with the State
Mineralogist, to find out how to work
ores, processes, etc. Capital from New
Jersey and New York is making inquiry
about the fine limes and clays of Cali
fornia and v San Francisco capital is in
terested also in the construction of plants
for the manufacture of cement. • It I is
expected that there will be a great' de
mand for cement later in the Orient and
manufacturers can ship the product frpm
here by way of Manila. In this depart
ment of the bureau one can see. . if he
be so disposed, the beauties of a common
rock as shown through a fine microscope,
and it will be found to be no mean, item
among nature's wonders. About two
hundred and fifty to three hundred- and
fifty samples of various rocks and. ores
are submitted to the laboratory every
month through the mails and by people
personally. This is one of the results ot
the industrial standpoint, so to speak,
from which the mining bureau is being
operated by Mr. Aubury, who has dis
carded old methods and is carving out
a way for himself. The bureau prepares
and issues a register of mines from each
county of the State, with maps showing
locations, etc. These maps are . a new
feature that no other -mining bureau In
the country has. Mr. Aubury also i»
keeping himself busy In the Investigation
of all the. doubtful propositions, that he
can get at in the way of oil wells or
Many people do not know that diamonds
have been found ; in California. , -• Yet | herb
they are, good sized ones, sparkling at
you from the glass case where they havt>
rested since they were sent from the mln-
Ing sluice boxes in Butte County,', where
they were found. Some have been found
in Amador County also, and one man 1j»
said. to have found as many as fourteen.
These finds are being investigated further.
Another semi-precious "stone ; qf. a rich
green in-huo; is chrysoprase, which is
- It Is the intention of 1 Mr. Aubury to
gradually pay more attention to industrial
and structural materials.- There is a de
mand for this: Many people who are shy
ai>ouf raining ¦ propositions display some
interest in bther materials, such as useful
woods and stones. If possible it is in
tended to gather an^exhibit of structural
materials and issue, bulletins regarding
the- locations, where these materials are
found, the uses , of them, etc;
Among the specimens: in: the museum
there are many minerals that are beauti
ful to look at as well as. rare and val
uable. Under this last head comes plat-'
inum, of the various forms of which there
is a fine collection'. ' From San Diego
County comes some very large specimens
of a beautiful purplish stone, . known to
the trade as. rubelite, from which rings'
and other trinkets are made. . .. ¦ ,
mining- properties or '-companies, thereby
protecting unwary • investors. He is
thoroughly posted and he can put -'his
finger on one of the maps of the bureau
and tell you just how. long this mine has
been" worked, how .long ;this oil well'has
been producing and tne output of both
of them, etc. The 'bureau issues a re
port annually and.is now issuing bulletins
for distribution on special. subjects., which
include copper . and .quicksilver mining
and the saline deposits of California.
Also information regarding gold dredging
in California and the gems and precious
stones found in , the State. The bureau
also statistics of the mineral
production -of each county of the:State,
With , valuations df the J yearly product.
They now have in preparation ten mapa
with registers of mines in various coun
ties. A yearly appropriation is made of'
$25,000 for the bureau and its field work,
with an extra $5000 per year for; printing
Any Information regarding the mineral
waters of California may be found at the
library also. i
Now the library has a good list of works
upon the subjects of smelting, refining,
gold milling and assaying, oil refining,
precious stones, structural materials and
many other things which the progressive
miner cr prospector wishes to be informed
upon. But whether seeking 1 for . knowl
edge or upon pleasure bent, the State Min
ing Bureau is an interesting and instruc
tive place in which to ?pend a spare hour
or two. ALFRED DEZENDORF.
To the library come many miner* and
men seeking information about the min
ing resources of California and mining
properties submitted to them for sale and
it is the aim of the librarian to supply
such data. Publications now being printed
on copper and gold dredging will fill a
great need. The new methods of yold
dredging used in Australia have been used
In the northern part of the State with
profitable success. The Inquiry for gold
mining properties is stronger than for
many years and gold mining has seen a
great revival in northern and other coun
ties. Prospectors are increasing. Large
capital is becoming interested in Califor
nia gold mines, much from. Ohio, Massa
chusetts and Illinois, while New York al
ways stands ready to put money Into a
favorable proposition. Much correspond
ence is answered from the bureau regard
ing slate, and slate quarries will be an im
portant factor in California one of these
days.
A force of men are always kept at work
in the field gathering statistics and other
information for the mining bureau and Its
publications. In the drafting room Is pre
pared all the matter for the illustration of
the various publications and the maps are
made there also. Work is now being done
on maps of Placer and Shasta counties,
showing the various mines, accompanied
by registers.
A working model of a stamp mill is a
thing of much interest to those interested
in gold mining. In a glass case la the
famous San Bernardino meteorite,, found
in the Manipah mining district. San Ber
nardino County. It weighed 128 pounds
3*4 ounces avoirdupois. The following
analysis shows the various constituents of
which the monster meteorite it composed.
Iron, 94.94; nickel, 4.52: phosphorus, .07;
graphite, 10. Total, 99.67.
A curiosity with a history is a section of
a tree blazed by Kit Carson in 1S44. It
formerly stood on Carson Creek, Alpine
County, on the main divide of the Sierras.
Another section of a tree shown has pro
truding from it the handle and corner of
a coffee mill. A miner tacked it there
and then shifted camp and forgot it. But
the tree went on growing until the cof
fee mill was enveloped and close to : the
heart of the tree until only the small
part of it was left that is now visible. A
curious mass of pipes molded in brown
metal is the large specimen of stalactite
limonite, from the Iron Mountain mine,
Shasta County. •
1 A primitive mining souvenir is the Mexi
can ladder, which is the trunk of a tree
filled with notches like steps, once used
in ihe New Almaden mine, Santa Clara
County. Nothing more richly grained
and colored in the way of natural wood3
can be found than the large slab of
molave wood from the Philippine Islands
exhibited here. It much resembles black
walnut, but with more shadings of brown.
mother and teil her to boil It in her soap
kettle." This was the test by which tha
nugget was proved to be gold.
7
THE SUNDAY yC&JLJL. =
CALIFORNIA STATE MINING BUREAUTELE StHSTD A.Y CAI/L.
8The heaviest' precious stone Is the zir
con, which is four «nd a half times heav-
her tn the usual way. If she does want
photo-etchings all that will be photo-'
graphic In the pictures is the face and
hands. The gown and accessories are all;
worked out in fine pen and ink detail on a :
background that looks like polished ivory.:
The result is truly unique. , ' • /;.'£.•
This fact is the secret of .the popularity
the fad, for, of course, if milady can
afford to order photo-etchings, by the
dozen without even pausing to inquire
about the price ."he can wear Paris gowns
It takes fine clothes to get the best ef
fects in the new pictures. The more lav
ish the trimming of the costume the more
ornate the etchings can be made. Of
course; even plain gowns can be made to
look artistic, but ft. is the frills and fur
belows so dear to the feminine heart
which lend themselves best to' the deli
cate tracery of the new process. ;
idea of the photo-etchings from Charles
Hana Gibson, the famous artist/ which
imay account for the popularity of the
new pictures among the elite. They be
came instantly * all the rage in Gotham.
Then one or two copies were sent out
bere. and when they caught the Western
fancy Mr. Habenlcht, the San Francisco
photographer, went East a few months
ago and learned the process from Mr.
Falk to fill the orders of society women
here.
Among the well-known California,
¦women of whom photo-etchings have
been made are: Mrs. George Crocker.
Mrs. J. I* Flood. Mrs. William H. Talbot.
Mrs. C. H. Had.ey. Miss Ida White. Miss
Bertie Bruce,- Miss Emma Wadsworlh,
Mrs. Dr. H. J. Sartori, Mrs. Jerome
O'Brien. Mrs. Bishop L. C. Partridge and
Mrs. A. Chace. P... r /~.'
the New York photographer, caught the
OCIETT has a new picture fad. It
i^y is the photo-etching, which is liter
v"j ally what the name implies— a com-
N-^ bination of photography and pen
and ink work. And the height of
artistic excellence is reached when the
figure is made to look like the models on
the very latest French fashion plates
without losing the direct portrait effect
of the face.
The fed originated in New York, but it
has caught the Western fancy, and the
photo-etchings of the six society women
shown on this page are the very first to
be made up here. Needless to say that,
like most society fads, the new pictures
cost a heap of money, a sir.g'.e portrait
being more expensive than a whole dozen
of any of the old creations,
-yin no line of art has there been such \
striving after* unique effects as in plictog
raphy. Rembrandt light.ng had thi g.cat
cst vogue, but it so frequently Regener
ated into a thin, white line a'ong th<3
bridge of the nose, with the rest of the
face in total eclipse, that for portrait
purposes the pictures were absolutely
useless. Then came the fad for sensa
tional poses, an imitation pf the footiight
fsrvorites of the hour. From this the evo
lution Into the craze for fancy costume
was as easy as it was Inevitable. After
this the popular desire, among- thesa who
could afford it, was for pictures <.f them
selves that were as nearly like the paint
ings of the eld masters as the art of the
costumer, the wig maker and the pho
tographer could produce. Colored pho
tography was the last step in the pursuit
of startling effects, but the pictures were
for the most pait too highly colored to
eult the artistic taste and the fad soon
wore itself out.
Then it nus that .Mr. Benjamin Falk,
by Storm and
Has Now
Come West.
the Eask
in
Photo-Etchings
That Took
The Craze
ler than an equal quantity of water. The
llghtest is the opal, only twice as heavy
as water. ' : -• :: .••¦'.'
¦ ? ¦ ' ¦ . ;:
'
.
,
:'r >,;.•¦ ¦ ' • ; •' ¦ • ¦¦¦:•¦,.•¦'¦ A'' - .¦ ¦ •. •..¦¦¦¦¦- ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ , . • ¦
ThoSfl Who Won Fame : at Niagara
muoo ,uuu ttuu i ouiD an n iaga,i a.
Of-all men who have won fame at-Ni
asara none wis • more lasting than thit
of Biondin who ThurZv Kv
fil'n i ' ? y> y '
1859. first crossed the Niagara gorge, on a
tightrope. His cable was. stretched over
th« river at a point now midway between
the upper and lower bridges. He made
frequent trips thereafter, and-on Augu3t
14, -1859, 'he carried "•; Harry v M.;. Colcord ..
across the-cable on his back. Blondtn
also crossed the ¦ gorge in 1SGO,, in which
year hig cable was stretched over th*
whirlpool rapids below the old railway
suspension bridge, since replaced by a
steel arch. He walked with baskets on
his feet, performed on stilts and cooked >
his meals on the rope. On Septembers.-
i860, Blondin walked for the Prince of
.•¦¦/•¦. ¦
Wales, now Kins of England, and on this
occasion he also carried Colcord on his
back. . •'. v . •¦.-.-• , . -
;It was in July, 1876,. that Maria Spelter-
ina crossed the gorga on a tightrope. She
is the only woman wto has ventured this
feat, and in all her performances she wa»
watched by great crowds. Her rope was
stretched over the rapids, where Blondin
last walked. ,She won great favor.
Still another- who performed on a tight-
rope at the fails was a man named Jen-
kins, who stretched; his cable across the
'
gorge over the rapids. One of his prlnd
pal feats was to cross from cliff to cliff on
a machine that restmbled a velocipede,
his balance pole being held by an ar
rangement under hid feet. • •
On June 22, 1SS7, Steve Peere, a painter,
walked across the gorge on a wire cable
six-eighths of an inch in diameter.
stretched between the old suspension
bridge and the cantilever bridge? His
wasf indeed, a wonderful performance,
considering all the otners had used a rope
two Inches in diameter.
of the most stunning- ¦tyles to adorn
them.
The method, of taking the photo-etch
ings Is Just the same as for any ordinary
photograph. Milady dona her most beau
tiful creation and takes the pose before
the camera that best pleases her fancy.
That la all. If she does not want photo
etchings the pictures will be finished for
SOCIETY'S
NEW
PICTURE
FADShe turned suddenly, seized his out
stretched hand and kissed It, her tears
falling on it the while, then turned again
and groped blindly for the door.
Next Instant she was caught up in his
arms and he was kissing her lips.
Ah! This, then, was the reason of his
going. He knew the truth! Well, she
could not blame him — only —
She held her hand out to him, but her
voice she dared not trust. She owed so
much to him. There flashed liito her
mind a picture of that ride in the night
with all those yelling fiends in pursuit,
•of that dreadful wound, of the great gray
liorse — this horse at his side. She turned
to' the gray, ran her fingers through his
mane, then pulled the slender head down
and held it against her heaving bosom. .
"I've seen Rose," Brockman said
abruptly.
Tears came into her eyea. She hadn't
thought of this— hadn't thought of his
going out of her life altogether. And so
tills was the end! She could not part
with him In this way. Why not tell him
all and let him decide? • No; that would
be—
"I'm a-going to light out," he said, and
his voice was full of grief. "I've come
to tell you good-by. If you won't have
me, you just won't, and I can't help it.
Thought I'd let you know I was leaving."
Continued From Page Six.
BENNETT LIKENESS
Continued From Page Four.
Brockman's Maverick
" 'It befalls, however, that doorin' the
four or five weeks to follow the acquittal
of that homicide Shoestring, an' while
Waco Anderson an' a quorum of the com
'mitteo is. away, pesterln' about in their
own affairs, the calaboose gets filled up
with' two white men, and either four or
five Mexicans— I can't say the last for
shore, as I ain't got a good mem'ry for
Mexicans. These parties is held for divers
malef actions from shootin" up a Greaser
accoomulatlon of felons aoorln' sech sea
sons as the boys is off on the ranges or
busy with the round-ups, thar never fails
to- come a clean-up In plenty of time. The
Stranglers comes. back; jestice resoomes
her sway, an* the calaboose is ag'In as
empty as a church.
" 'Easy Aaron is' onearthed from onder
his desk, where he's still quiled up, pale
an' pantin', by virchoo of them- bullets.
Tim Wise, who -goes for him, explains
that the shower is over; an* also that
he's, in enormous demand to save'Shoe
string for beefln' Billy Goodnight. At
this, Easy Aaron gits up an' coughs
'round for a moment or two, recoverin'
his nerve; then he buttons his . surtoot,
assooms airs of deep sagacity, tucks the
Texas Statootes onder his arm, repairs
to the Burnt Boot an* allows he's ready
demand a even deal, it some gent win
sort o' ramble over an' round up Easy
Aaron, as Shoestring desires, it will be
regyarded by the' committee, an' this
lynchin 1 can then proceed." .
but as he jingles the fee, the. sour look
relaxes, an' you-all can see that while
he. contemns the jest, he shore does not
despise its silver linln'. none. '
" 'But as I remarks, Easy Aaron ain't
with us over long. Yellow City Is that
much worse off than Wolfville that she
has a little old 'doby calaboose that's been
built since the old Mexico days. Thar's
no Shore-enough jedgo an' Jury < ever
comes to Yellow City; an* if the kyards
had so come that we has a captive or
two which the Stranglers deems beneath
'em, they would have to be drug 'way off
yonder to some county seat. It's but fair
to say that no sech contretemp presents
itse'f up to the advent of Easy Aaron;
an' while thar's now an' then : a small
"EASY" AARON, THE LAWYE3 OF YELLOW CITY.
to defend Shoestring from said charges.
"'/'But not onless my fees is paid in
advance," says this yere Easy Aaron.
" 'At that we-all passes the hat and
each chucks in a white chip or two, an'
when Wato Anderson counts up the re
sults,It shows well nigh eighty-five dol
lars. Easy Aaron shakes his head likts
it's plumb small; but he takes It an'
casts hlmse'f loose. An' gents, he's shore
verbose! He pelts an' pounds that com
mittee with a hailstorm of observations
ontll all they can do Is set thar. an' wag
their y'ears. an' ' bat their, eyes.- Waco
Anderson him se'f allows, when discussln'
said oration later, that he ain't beheld
nothin' so muddy an' so milch since tho
last big flood on the Brazos.
" *Afte"r Easy Aaron" holds forth for two
•hours, Waco preevails on. him with a six-i
shooter to pause for breath. Waco's
tried twenty. times to gret Easy Aaron to
stop long enough to let' the Stranglers
get down a verbal bet or so; but that
advocate declines to be restrained. He
treats Waco's efforts with scorn an' rides
him down like he, Easy Aaron, is a bunch
of • cattle on . a stampede. Thar's ! no
headin' or holdln' him ontll Waco, in des
peration, that-a-way takes to tyrannizin*
at him with his. gmn.
" ' "It's this," .says Waco, when Easy
Aaron's subdooed. "If the eminent gent
will quit howlln' rigrht here, an', never an
other yelp, the committee is willin' to
throw this villain Shoestring -loose. Every
one of us is a slave to dooty, but nach
erally we pauses before personal dee
structlon in a awful form. Billy Good
night, is gone; ondoubted his murderer
Should win the. doom meted, out fQr sech
atrocities; but dooty or' no dooty, this
committee ain't called on to: be; orafed
to death in its discharged ? Yellow > City
makes no sech demands of its: servants;
wherefore, I repeats, that if this yere
Easy. Aaron Bits whar he is, plumb
mute, • we j agrees ¦ : to cut | Shoestring's
bonds! an' restore him to that freedom
whereof- he makes eech vivid' use." ;
",'At this Easy Aaron stands up, puffs
out his chest,- bows to;Waco an' the oth
ers, an* waves .'em • a patronizin* gesture
slgnifyin* that their bluff Is called.. Shoe
string Griffith is. saved. ;
. " 'Doorin' the subsequent linkup . at the
bar which concloods .the ceremonies, Easy
Aaron waxes indignant an' is a heap har
rowed to observe Billy Goodnight lmbib
in' with the rest. '
" • »i thought you-all dead!" says Easy
Aaron, in tones - of wrathful reproach. .
" ' "Which I was dead,", says Billy, sort
o' apologetic, "but them words of <flre
brings me to. You can gamble,' sech elo
quence simply raises the j dead." :
" 'Easy Aaron don't make no answer,
*' 'It's twenty years ago,' goes on En
right, 'while I'm ' that season in Texas,
that a sharp packs his blankets into Yel
low City an* puts It up he'll practice
seme law. No; he ain't wanted, but he
never does give no gent a chance to say
so. He comes trackin' in onannounced,
an' the fist .we-all savoys, thar he is.
sign a-swingin' an* assurin" the sports of
" 'So I decides,' retorts Enright. 'Still,
I'm proud to be endorsed by as good a
jedge of public disorder an' its preven
tives as Texas Thompson. Sech approvals
ever. tends to stiffen a gent's play. Aa
I states. I reverses this practitioner an'
heads him t'other way. Wolfville is to
day the home of friendly confidence; the
throne of yoonity and fraternal peace.
It muBt not be Jeopardized. We-all don't
want to incur no resks by abandonin*
oun.e'fs to real shore-enough law. It
would debauch us; we'd get plumb lo
coed, an* take to racin' wild an' clmmar
on up an' down the range, an' no, gent
could forsee results.
" 'What you tells this sport,* says
Texas Thompson, who's listenin* to En
right, 'echoes my sentiments exact. Any
thing to keep out law! It ain't alone them
jedgments for divorce which my wife
grabs off over in Laredo, but it is the
frootes of a experience which has been
as wide as it has been plenty soon, that
law Is only another word for trouble in
most egxeeglous forms.*
"You does well," I replies, "to consult
me on them p'ints. I sees you're shore
a jo-darter of a lawyer; for you handles
the language like a mule-skinner does a
blacksnake whip. But jest the same, don't
for one moment think of breakin' in on
Wolfville. That outfit don't practice law
none; she practices facts. It offers no
openin' for your game. Comin' to Wolf
ville onder any conditions Is ever a move
ment of gravity, an' onless a gent Is out
to chase cattle, or handle kyards, or pro
poses to array hims'f in the ranks of
commerce by foundin' a 6'loon, Wolfville
would not guarantee ahy positive re
ward."
Then I Jest won't come a whole
'ot." eays this low sharp. Whereupon we
engages in mootual drinks an* disperses
tc our destinies.*
" 'Which I'm in the Oriental at the
lime.' says Enright, when he relates
about this adventure, 'an' this yere mav
erick goes to jumpin* sideways at me in
a friendly mood. Bein' I'm a easy-man
nered sport with strangers, he has no
trouble gettin* acquainted. At last he
allows that he sort o' aims to pitch his
teepee in Wolfville, hang out a shingle,
an' plunge into joorisprudence. 'I was
thinkinY says he, 'of openin* a joint for
the practice of law. As a condition prior
advised by the barkeep. an" one which
also recommends itse'f to me as dictated
by the commonest caution. I figgers on
eainin" your views of these yere steps.'
"It's jes before I leaves for the East
tvhen one of these yere coyotes crosses
up with Old Man Enright in Tucson, an'
submits the idee of his professional in
vasion of our camp.
"Lawyers in Wolfville?" he repeated.
•'Not in my day; none whatever! It's
mighty likely though that some of 'em's
<lcr.e ccme buttin* in by now. Them
|ur;sts is a heap persistent, not to say
diffusive, an* soon or late, they shore
irails into every camp. Which we'd have
had 'em among us long ago; but nacher
ally an' as far as argyments goes,^ we
turns 'cm off. Se'f preservation is a law
of nachcr. an" these yere maxims applies
to commoonities as much as ever they
does to gents, personal. Wherefore, when
ever v,-e-all notices a law wolf scoutin'
about an' uyin' to get our wind, we em
ploys our talents for lyin', fills him up
with fallacies an' teaches him that to
come to WClfville is to put down his des
linies on a dead kyard. that a-way; an'
lie tharupon abandons whatever of plans
he's harbcrin' ag'Jn us plumb prompt.
*>eeln" nothin' tharin.
«"VM N'D so there were no lawyers in
f { Wolfvillc?" I said. The Old Cat
ntlcman filled his pipe, lighted it.
¦And puffed experimentally. There
mi i j was a handful of wordless mo
ii.. ..*.. devoted to pipe. Then, as one sat
.Mieii of a smoky success, he turned at
tention to me and my remark.
fCopyrigrht. 1902. by Ilobert Howard Ruesell.)
"-' "That's but right." says Waco An
derson, who's the chief of the Stranglers.
"Assembled as we be to revenge the on
timely pluggin* of the lafe Billy Good
night, still this . Shoestring outcast may
" * "Which before ever you-all reptiles
takes my Innocent life,' 'says Shoestring,
"I want's a lawyer. I swings off in style.
or I don't swing. You hear me! Send
across for Easy Aaron. You can gamble
I'm goin' to interpose a defense."
•"Thar's no time lost; the Stranglers
convenes in the Burnt Boot, an' exact
jestice stands on expectant tiptoe for its
prey. But Shoestring raises objections.
" 'This yere artillery practice don't
continue long before Yellow City descends
on Shoestring an' his band of homicides;
an' when they've got 'em sorted out
thar's Billy Goodnight, too defunct to
skin, an' Shoestring Griffith does it.
" 'Of a suddent, roars, yells an' re
criminations usurps the place of merri
ment. Then the guns! An' half the lead
comes sp'ttin' an' splittin' through that
lntervenin' partition like she's kyard
board. The bullets fly high enough to
miss Easy Aaron, but low enough to in
voke a gloomy an' forbodin' frame of
mind.
" 'In the room to the r'ar of the apart
ments where this yere Easy Aaron holds
forth as a practitioner, thar's a farobank
as is nacheral enough. It's about second
drink time in the afternoon, bein' a time
of day when the faro game is dead. A
passel of conspirators, with Shoestring
Griffith in the lead, goes to this room
an' relaxes into a game of draw. Easy
Aaron can hear the flutter of the chips
through the partition— the same bein'
plenty thin— Where's he camped like a
spider in Its web, waitin' for some sport
who needs law to show up. Easy Aaron
listens cascoal an' indifferent to Shoe
string an' his fellow blacklaigs as they
deals, an' antes, an' raises, an' rakes in
pots, an' everybody mighty joobilent, as
is frequent over poker.
" 'But Easy Aaron waves 'em arrogant
ly away. He's plumb haughty.' He de
clines to go barkin' at a knot that a-way.
He says it'll be soon enoup- tgrxmbucklc
an' swamp Yellow City with a flood. of
eloquence when proper legal occasion on
folds. It's then the delegation puts up
a innocent job on Easy Aaron.
"'Thar's a topic!' says Shoestring
Griffith to Easy Aaron— Shoestring is the
cha'rman of the committee— 'thar's a
burnin' topic for you! An' if you-all will
only come surgin' over to the Burnt Boot
right now, while you're warm for the
event, I offers two ' to one you makes
Cicero look like seven. cents."
" 'Doorin' them weeks he harbors with
us. a gen'ril taste deevelops to hear this
Easy Aaron's eloquence. Thar's a dele
gation waits on him. as solemn as prairse
dogs, an' requests Easy Aaron to come
forth a whole lot an' make a spocch. We
su'gests that he can yootilize the Burnt
Boot Saloon as a auditorium, an'- offers
as a subject, 'Texas; her Glorious Past,
her Glitterin' Present ani her Transcen
dent Footure!' ¦ -.
• " 'Also, cbservin' how tender he is, an'
him takin' in their various lies like texts
of holy writ, they names him 'Easy
Aaron." Which he. don't look on 'Easy
Aaron' none too well as a title, an' in
sists on beln' called 'Jedge Green," or even
'Squar' Green." But Yellow City won't
have it; she sticks to 'Easy A'aron"; an'
as caliin' down the entire camp offers
prospects full of fever an" oncertainty, he
at last passes up the insult an' while he
stays among us. pays no further heed.
" 'This yere Aaron Green who pounces
thus on Yellow City, intendin* to foment
litigations an' go ropin' "round for fees,
is plumb young; but he's that grave an'
dignified that owls is hilarious to him.
One after the other he tackles us in a
severe an' far-off way, an', saws his pro
fessional kyard onto each, an 1 tells him
that whenever he feels 111-ued • to come
a-runnln' an' have his rights preserved.
Shore! The boys meets this law person
half way. They shakes with him, drinks
with him, an' fills him up with fictions,
an' altogether regyards him as a mighty
yoomerous proposition. «
"'Nobody gets excited; for while we
all agrees to prevail on him to shift his
camp a heap.' the sityooation don't call
for nothin' precipitate. In fact,' the idee
of him or any other besotted person tum
in* loose that a-way in Yellow City strikes
us plumb loodlcrous. «Thar's nothin' for
a law gent to do. I've met' up with a
heap of camps in my day; an' I've wit
nessed the work of many a vig'lance
committee: but I'm yere to state that for
painstakln' ardor an' a energy that never
sleeps, the Strar.glers of Yellow City is
a even break with the best. They shore
uses up a bale of half-inch rope a year;
an' as for law an" order an' a scene of
fragrant peace, that outfit is compar'ble
only with (lower gyardens on a quiet,
hazy August afternoon.
AARON GREEN. Esq..
Attorney-at-Law.
Yellow City of the presence of
" 'Easy Aaron don't pursoo his explora
tions further. He can see thar's what
you-all might call a substratum of s«rt«
ousness to the observations of Waco aof
Shoestring, an' his efforts to solv* tfe»
mystery that disposes of every law c*£a
he has an' leaves him to begin Ufa «c«w
comes to a halt. But it lets pore HWy
Andrew out. He borrys a hoss from tha
corral; packs the Texas statoots an* hi*
extra shirt in the war-bags; an* with
that, the only real law wolf who ever
makes his lair In Yellow City p'ints sadly
iio'thward an' is seen no more. As he's
about to ride away. Easy Aaron turns to
me to say 'fAdios." He's sort o' sot tha
notion I ain't so plumb bad as Waco.
Shoestring an' the rest. "I shall ' never
return," says Easy Aaron, an' he shakes
his head plenty disconsolate. "Genius has
no show in Yellow City. - The outfit that
hangs a gent's clients as fast as ever
he's retained offers no inducements
opens no opportunities that a- way to a
ambitious barrister." * "
" * "That prairie dog Is nun* a whole
lot." says Shoestring. "Which the boy»
was goin' to burn him, 'but on its appear
.in' that he puts the question more in ig
norance than malice, they soften* on sec
ond thought to that- degree they merely
gets a rope, x adds him to the windmill
with the others, an' lets the matter
drop."
" * "Which this agitated sport." ob
serves Waco coldly, to Shoestring Grif
fith, who comes loungin' up likewise,
"asks whoever does these dastard deeds?
Does you-all recall the fate. Shoestring,
of the last misguided maverick who gives
way to sech a query? My mem'ry la
never ackerate as to trifles, an' I'm con
foosed as to whether he's shot or nun*.
or simply burned alive."
"Easy Aaron gazes where the Mexican
p'ints, an' his heart turns to ice. Thar
Mwayln* an* swingin* like tassels in the
mornin' breeze, an' each as dead as Santa
Anna, he beholds his entire docket hangin*
to the windmill. Easy Aaron approaches
an" counts 'em up. Which they're all thar.
The Stranglers shorely makes a house
cleanin'. As Easy Aaron looks upon
them late clients he wrings hi3 hands.
" * "Thar hangs' fame," says Easy"^
Aaron; "thar -hangs my chance of emi
nence. That eloquence, wherewith my
heart Is freighted, an' which would have
declar'd me the ErsUr.e of the Brazos, la
lynched with my clients." Then wheelln*
on Waco Anderson, who strolls over.
Easy Aaron demands plenty ferocious:
"Whoever does this yere dastard deed?"
Por el Inferno!" 8 aya the Mexican;
he's got his cigarette lighted an* is puffin*
as contented as hossthieves. "See thar,
amlgo!" goes on the greaser, indlcatin*
down the street.
Vamc^ised!" says the Mexican who
carries the calaboose keys; an' with that
he turns In mighty composed to roll a
• cigarette.
" * "Vamoosed where at?" pursoos Easy
Aaron.
" ! "Where's these yere clients?" asks
Easy Aaron, while his face grows white.
" 'But black disappointment gets Easy
Aaron sQuare in the door. One mornin*
he -reepairs to the calaboose to consult
with the felons on whose interests he's
ridin' herd. Horror seizes him; he finds
the cells as vacant as a echo.
" 'It's mebby. a week after this exulta
tion of Easy Aaron's, an' Waco Anderson
an' the others Is in from the ranges. Yel
low City .Is onusual vivacious an" lively.
' You-all may jedge of the happy pros
perity of local feelin' when I assures you
that the average changed in at faro bank
each evenln' aint less than $20,000. As for
Easy Aaron, he's going about in clouds of
personal and speshul delight. It's now
crowdln* ulon;? toward the time when him
and his clients will adjourn over to that
county seat an' give Easy Aaron the op- j
portunity to write his name on the death-^
less rolls of fame a lot.
dance-hall to stealin" a cow over on the
Honeymoon. To his Joy. Easy Aaron Is
reetained to defend this, criminal herd
It's shore pleasant to watch him! I never
sees the sport who's that proudly con
tent. Kasy Aaron visits these yere clients
of his every clay, an' when he .has time
he walks out onto the plains so far that
you-all can't h.-nr his tones, an' rehearses
the speeches lie's aimin' to make when
he sets them cut-throats before a jury
We-sill could see him prancin' up an 
down, tcssin' his hands, an' all in the
most locoed way. As I states, he's too
far off to be heard none: but he's in plain
view from the front windows of the Burnt
Boot, an' we-all find3 them antics plumb
divertin'.
" ' "These yere cases." says Easy Aaro^b
to me. for he's that happy an' enthoosi-*
as tie he's got to open up his confidence
on some gent: "these yere cases is
bound to fix my fame as the modern
Demosthenes. You knows how eloquent
I am about Shoestring? That, won't be a
marker to the orations I'll frame up for
these miscreants in the calaboose. For
why? Shoestring's time I aint organized:
also, I'm moru.or less shook up by them
bullets buzzin' an' hummin' like a paasel
of bloo bottle flies about my office. But
now will be different. I'll be ready an*
I'll be In a cool frienzy, the same bein'
a mood which Is excellent, partie'lar if
a gent Is out to break records for rhetoric
1 shore reygards them malefactors aa so
many rungs for my clamberin' up the
ladder of fame." An* with that this yere
Easy Aaron goes pirootin' forth upon the
plains , to resoome his verbal practice.
* .
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
He resumed' his Bear ch through tha pile
and, picking out one or two others,, went
on: . ; . •£'- ,-.•'•-•:¦¦
But If Bennett hasn't shaved off his
?S? S £ L£ ny ono ™ h0 studies this face
(No. 5) will be able to get a very good
impression of the lower half of Bennett's
face. . The mustache is identical "
After b«lns marked on the back, the six
SSIST "ti! eC^ by Krono we ™
mixed in the huge pile again before C. S.
Lehanier renting agent at Umbsen's.
was asked to make his selection. He went
th^. U f£ e T5Ti P wlth >« deliberation
than Krone had done, but he was equally
quick and sure in his selection. He picked
out No. 2 first without comment, and then
when he came to No: 5 he pushed, the
others away from him as he exclaimed*
: .VThis picture (No. 5) looks more like
Bennett than any. photograph I have ever
seen, though this (No. 2) has I the more
general shape of Bennett's face. Of
course, while Bennett was renting the
Sutter-street house from me he wore his
hat air the time, consequently I don't
know how his hair looked, but the
resemblance In the mustache and chin
of this picture ; CNo. 5) i* remarkably
strong." , * - ¦
have ever shown me. Th« cheek bones of
this picture (No. 2) are not quite prom
inent enough and the eyes not quite deep
set enough for Bennett's. Otherwise they
have the same expression, minus, of
course, the cast so conspicuous in Ben
nett s right eye.
Hurrying to the corral he threw the
saddle on the big gray and then loped
down the road to the cabin which shel
tered the woman of his choice. He dis
mounted at the door, pulled a long face,
and waited for Missus Jim to appear.
"Play with me, will she?" Brockman
muttered as he strode along. "Well, sir,
I'm as skittish as a young mule myself.
Just watch my smoke."
"We thought there was a reason, but
there is not. Tell her that It was I 'who
was deceived."
Brockman had turned away to go to
Missus Jim, when Rose called after him:
She looked anxiously at the parson as
she spoke as If in dread that he might
dispute the statement, for she sighed with
relief as he repeated her words:
"The man who really loved her would
ask no more," •
"Then there is no reason," said Rose.
"She is a free woman and the man who
really loved her would ask no more." "
"D'ye s'pose I'd be asking you this
question if I didn't?" was Brockman's in
dignant retort.
"What is this reason Missus Jim says
you know of why she and I should not
marry?" he demanded of her.
"Do you love the woman?" Rose asked
in her turn.
ever would return when she named her to
Brockman. That made no difference to
the cowboy. He charged down upon th«
woman the moment ho caught Eight of
her. The parson was with her.
THE END. „
."The Lord has already shown him to
me," the : woman murmured ¦ as i she fol
lowed on after him.
."Then remain with me," he said, con
tinuing on his way. The -Lord may yet
show you such a man." •'".-• -- ¦
"It would take a better man than Mug
gins to make a better woman of me,"
Rose faltered, looking with moist eyes
into the "parson's face, • . '
< "Here, then, It a chance for a better
life," the parson said to Rose. "Will you
accept it, or will you wait?" ,
"I sure would," Muggins replied.
"Would you take her for. your wife?"
Parson Potter demanded, turning upon
him. . . '. /~x£' : '•:' ¦¦¦ •'. ¦
"Huh!" said, Muggins. "Ye all Just
might give Rose here a hint. that there's
other troubles that could be mended same
way."
-'¦'You have come to the end of the
trouble," Hose said to her. "It Is as It
should be."
Missus Jim shrank away and . would
have darted into the house only that
Brockman held her.
yet unwilling to doubt "Did she say
that?"
"These were • the words," said Ed.
"'Tell her that It was I who was de
ceived.'."
Ah, this was rest— this was Joy, indeed.
She yielded herself to him freely now.
Brockman still held her in his arms/
and his face was hidden within the poke
of her sunbonnet when Rose and the par
son and Muggins passed along the ¦ road. •
Muggins coughed loudly. ¦ v. ' . : .
And It is upon this suggestion that tha
big composite picture* on this page has
been made, combining the leading fea
tures of the men who "look like Ben
nett,", to show just what type of face
Bennett has. Of course none of the
originals of these pictures know anything
whatever about Bennett, and their pi.c
tures are only useful in so far as the£
show characteristics like his. Otherwlw
they have nothing to do with tha cm*.
Stengel was amazed when told that ha
had made the same selections as Krone
and Lahanier and pointed out almost i£a
same characteristics without knowing TJl
The tension of the identifications had In
creased tremendously. Would B. T. Schell
make the same selections from the big
pile of photographs? Once again they
were shuffled together before they were
shown to him at Cavanaugh's.
He spread them out on the wide coun
ter and went over them slowly, studying
each picture carefully. After he had
looked them all over he picked up No. 5
and said unhesitatingly i '? Uf
"This picture looks most like Bennett
of any in the bunch. In fact, lt'» more
like him than any I have ever seen.
Why? W T ell. it's got the same shape of
chin and the mustache — the mustache
especially. This picture's (No. 2) got
more the shape of Bennett's face— the
cheek bones and eyes — was there a cast
in his eye? Well. I didn't notice any.
This picture (No. 4) shows the shape of
Bennett's chin better and, yes, this (No.
3) is like Bennett's figure, and the nose
in this picture No. 6) is Bennett's, but
it's the mustache and the general ex
pression In this picture (No. 5) that
makes Bennett most easily remembered.
"The othera have selected these same
pictures. Great Scott! You don't say
so. Well, they ought to catch him from
these.'%i •*•¦
"The nose of this picture (No. 6) and
the eyes and brow of this (No. 2) com
bined with the whole lower face and
mustache of this picture (No. 5) would
show exactly the type of face Bennett
has. so that he could be recognized any
where. This (No.i; is about the same as
Bennett's figure."
To have two of the chief witnesses
against Nora Fuller's slayer pick out pre
cisely the same pictures to illustrate the
type of face Bennett has, without either
of them knowing what selections the
other had made, was exciting to a de
gree and no less surprising t» the men
themselves when they found that their
ldentflcatlons were alike. It seemed
hardly possible that the third man— E. B.
Stengel of Noonan's Furniture Company
—would do the same thing after the pile
of photographs were all shuffled up again,
but that is what he did. with even great
er certainty, if anything, than Krone and
Lahanler had shown in their selections.
He went over more than half the group
before he finally paused with the picture
of No. 2.1n his hand. No. 5 he threw aside
at first, as. if It had not impressed him
more than any of the ¦ others, but after
making one or two selections at the bot
tom of the pile he said:
"This picture (No. 2) shows almost ex
actly the same shape of face as the man
I saw, whom the police tell me Is Bep
nett, except that the cheeks are a little
fuller, but this picture . (No. 5) has the
chin and mustache and the nose i like
Bennett's. The resemblance Is remark
ably strong. I don't know exactly what
It was that Impressed me, but I should
know Bennett's face again anywhere.
This. (No. 3) is like Bennett's figure, but
It Is on my memory of his features— that
long face and the full carefully trimmed
mustache— that I should depend most to
identify him." • > -^
Sho struggled In his arms. "Did. she
say that?" she gasped, afraid to believe.
"Did you think I'd let you goV he
said hoarsely. "Not If all the reasons In
the world stood between us. But there Is
no reason. Rose has said It.** '
10what hair he has is gray— for if he Is\;
not bald he is fast approaching that state,
: He has a round face and a high forehead,
As to his dress I could not say much, for
my. meetings with him have always been •
on occasions where he has worn.evening
dress. •
"Hl3 feet and hands are both small, as
I remember them, and he has a very sweet
voice and a', genial, smile. No scars dis-
figure him that I know of. I will call him
a true born,American and then you will
not be surprised when I say that he has a
very genial nature and is in every way
a" courteous gentleman." • :
GEORGE B.JONES. ¦
"He ought to have J.Pierppnt Morgan's
money, had' Edward M. Greenway, and
I tell you he'd give everybody high good
times. . He's a Southerner, and a genial,
whole-souled kind of a man, and the first
\x-. >—¦¦"- ..,_,.,., ..c ,
thing you notice about. him is the pleas-
ant affable way he hag -^ -
"Mr. Greenway must be about^S-or 49
years o]6 and in height he must be about
fe3t.niipce3,.H^aheav^ma^i:ou
?°Z'
of his height. He must weigh at least
ion ¦••-loe •:¦"¦- • a .
190 or 195 pounds. V
"His eyes are dark blue or gray. His.
hair. I should call^brown/but it;Is-get-
ting gray, and he:ls bald. He has a round
face with noscars on it and a high fore-
head. He has small hands and feet. .In
walking he steps_ rather lively
voice is clear and ringing and rather
pleasing. ,He always dresses: first rate.
Some jewelry he); wears, but not to dls-.
play.it,,;ra her^to keep:it in the ¦-back
ground.. All choice^ flowers look good to'
him and he is fonder of them than most
men.' is- fond of wiring a carnation.
He:is generous to a fault and likes to.
give people a good time." '.;
• Ir—- •nneTA
LOUIS BOSIA, _
Head Waiter, Palace Hotel.
"Yes, sare, I haf ze plalslr of:knowing
Mr..H'ed*Greenvay— zat ees his full name
years. I was zere w'en he was
at ze Hotel Richelieu— my, ze fine parties
we have zere! .He'ees a. jolly man. : Ze:
first, sing -he. say-.w'^en you-meet him,
'Come on, we go haf a; drink.' -
"1 sink he mus' be about;feefty-two or
feefty-t'ree years of age. -He is fat—he
haf . ze embonpoint-rhe . mus'. weigh one
hundred' and ninety, vHe", come _up to
about "fife feet four inchees on/ze.wall,
His hair eesblack an' he ees bald-in ze
front.. His ; mustache ee3 turning white
in ze middle. He'has. ze J round face, wiz
a queek look'an', a loud thin voice.*/
"He.always look fly an' way up. \W'en
he walk he »«fm himself— so—an'.he look
down at ze floor. In generally he wear
ze blue serge suit, but in ze efening he
ees always in ze full dress. He wear one
diamond sparkling ring. W'en he'drink
eet ees always Mumm, and zat ees w*at
he always -ordares w'en he comes In here.
I sink he.ees.an Americaine. for he doos
not spik ze French ver' much."
J. R # HO WELL.
, .-Being in the police business I ought to
. • _". . . ¦ • . , ,.
beable to descrlbe Un >. and I v * been
wlth Ned so much, too," began . Police
-Commissioner Howell after he had had
his laugh.
"His name is Edward M. Greenway, but
I don't know what the M. stands for. I
think he" measures about 5 feet 8%, and
weighs 210. He's about 50 years old.
„.,.'. i*-i' ' •»•., ' *
Ne(i has a round, fat face. His eyes
are dapk b
arid very bright. There Is a very distinct
, Ine between
Qf ¦
the and y g ¦ J
"He has a straight nose, dark mus
?„„.- „ .:, . ' . ,„ ,_
tache, slightly gray, and he's. bald, but
he his hair is coming out again. He
hag a round, double chin,
"He generally,wears a double or single
breasted gack CQ&t He , a very particular
ln hia dress, :is;-always neatly, correctly
&nd s, mp, y dressedr and well m
every way." He wears quiet ties, mostly
four.in.handand sometimes a *
gcarf pin>- feut Ro other jewel
,. He wears a derby hat durin d
.;^ no;bv^ oat#- At nlghthe wear3 „..
rW.been.6ut wUh him so
- '. T, - ., . , ~,
much **£ J ve scen hIm ln *»*** differ
'£l£}«LJ -o ™ATjT ACT. :
»*LA1JD B. WALLACE.
"* know>- Ned Greenway well, but I
don't believe I would ever have noticed
thatvhe was bald if; It hadn't been that
the barber at the club. told me he was
trying to make Ned's hair grow. That
shows how poorly I use my eyes.
-"I-, think Ned is about 6 feet 9^;
he ; must weigh 212, and I should
gey he is 46. He has a round face, straight
nose, black eyes of rather good size, a
round;chln, black mustache..quite heavy,
and what hair be has Is dark brown. I
don't know /what, kind of nands he has,
for "I never saw him hold any, but he
wears .a' ring on the third finger of his
left hand; I think it' Is a seal ring, prob
ably his family crest: He carries a watch,
but about the chain—let's see—I know he
doesn't/show a chain with his dress suit.
I can swear to that, for he wouldn't wear
EdWapd : /HcDon a^- 3^-
¦.. "About his. eyes? Oh, dear, I haven't
the*slichtest idea., but I do know ; that
"His age, I should say, .is about- 50
y,ears. - Oh, I never could guess his weight.
Well," / 1 v' will try— say 191 pounds. In
height he is rather deceiving,. but I should
say Mr. Greenway was about the average"
height.' '
' "Ned walks very straight-^he can't help
It, you, know— and -he- toes out decidedly.
Ho hardly ever, wears an overcoat, y He :
doesn't 1 , need to, because he's such a
warm-hearted fellow. -You can teftl what ;
kind of, a heart, he has by,looking at his
jolly, round . face." ... . ,
MRS. /JOHN : F. MERRILL.
"I think the city ; in a' social way is
much : indebted, to Edward Greenway.
Many . young; people have received; much'
pleasure 'through his ' efforts "and' the
debutantes especially remember with zest
the entertainments in which ¦ he : has - been
prominent.'-*
"He has small hands for, a man of his
size, small and shapely and dimpled— a
toy; of little dimples across the back. And
on the tips of his fingers there are little
cushions, like on an artist's hands. He
has. attractive feet," too, and^I think per-"
haps he wears a .buttoned shoe. But he's
an all-round good dresser and. one doesn't
notice details so much when they are cor
rect. " n
* "He wears, a ring on the third finger of
his left hand. It has a. dark stone; in It
the size of that"— and Mr. Costigan made
the outline of 'a. 'good-sized, bean with his
lead pencil. '"I think he uses it as a seal.
He carries a watch, I know— an open-face
watch, but I can't "remember about the
chain. I'm' not sure, but that he carries
it in his trousers- pocket. ¦;"
"Ned looks swell when he's making the
rounds.. He's a good dresser for a stout
man.. He usually wears a black cutaway,
cut and a fancy vest, something on a
brown. Ties? Well,- his ties are rather
gay. At an afternoon tea I've even seen
him wear Spanish red. His favorite is an
Ascot tie and he sometimes wears a small
pin. Yes, and he. wears a particular style
of collar, straight up and open a little in
front to.be comfortable for his fat neck.
Of course, In evening dress he wears a
black or white tie— and I ' tell you, Ned
looks fine when he's stepping into a car
riage. Around town he wears a derby hat,
but I like to see him In a silk hat, it builds
him up so.
he doesn't - look like anybody else. If
you'd ever seen him once you couldn't
mistake him. I should say he's 5 feet 8
and weighs 195. I'm not sure whether he's
sensitive about his age, but he's about 52.'
"Ned is . a rather quiet dresser. He
usually wears a sack suit and colored
shirts— his shirts have a good deal of
color In them and very little white. „ He
is prone to wearing neckties '¦- like his
shirt, tied so ' that' the loops and ends
stand apart like an X. A particular style
of collar?. Well, yes— wilted. I think,
though, it is a stand-up collar, open a lit
tle la front. '
"Ned's an American, . I know, but. 'I,
don't know his full name, further than
Edward M. Greenway.";"
A.B. COSTIGAN.
"Ned has the face of a good liver,". said
: Mr. Costigan, confessing himself better at
"stock broking" than at giving descrip
tions of his friends. Mr. Costigan smiled
as he pictured the jovial face. ¦ •
"It's a round face and his eyes are small
and dark, eyebrows not very strong and ¦
lashes not strong. His mustache is short
and gray, streaked with black, and • he
has a habit of petting it, turning the ends :
up. In fact, Ned's rather > proud of \ his
"mustache. :'
"He hasn't much hair to talk about,
but there's a little curl on top that gets
worked up when he's exjeited. I think,
though, I'd know him better from the
back of his head, for, there the hair is cut*
round, what there is of It, .and' It is gray, \
streaked with black.
"What? You'vb never sfen Ned? .Well.'.
/"He has small hands, fat fingers and
dimples. He wears a seal ring, with -his
family crest, oh the left hand. He car
ries a watch with a gold chain.
"As to his hair — he hasn't any. The
most noticeable thing Is a lock that stands
right up straight in the middle of his
head. Around the edges the hair is very
scarce, and what there is of it is gray.
"I should say ' he is 5 feet 8 . and
.weighs 200. Between you and me, Ned's
68. He has a cherub face, with blue eyes'!
a straight nose and round chin— two of
them, in fact. His mustache is gray,
moderately heavy and the ends turn up.
Ned has a habit of twisting his mustache
and giving It an upward point.
"Ned- Greenway— ha, ha," laughed
George H. Lent. "I had lunch with Ned
yesterday and happened to notice when
he opened his mouth that he has 'one
back tooth missing. That would help to
Identify him.
mer he wears tan shoes* and hot socks,
pink and lavender and pale blue.
"I think Ned is about 55, but I couldn't
tell you his full name for he never has
it on his card and always signs himself
Edward M. Greenway."
GEORGE H. LENT.
"All watches keep better time as th»
result of regular habits. Don't lay it
down one night and hang It /up the next.
Keep It in the same position as nearly as
circumstances will permit. In second- ,
class watches the rate of difference be
tween the horizontal and vertical position
Is often quite significant. Nor should you
hang your watch on a nail where It can
swing to and fro like a pendulum. It will
either gain or lose a great deal while In
that position.
"The difference In temperature between
your breast or a man's waistcoat pocket t
and a wall, that may bo nearly at the ;
freezing point. Is about 77 to S3 degrees
Fahrenheit, and a watch should therefore
never be suspended -or laid airainst a cold
surface. Sudden changes in tRe tempera
ture of the atmosphere are the causes of
most > mainsprings breaking. The watch
wearer should clean his or her pockets
frequently,. carefully brushing out all dust
and fiber, for there was never a Joining
made tight enough to keep out all the
dust. This gets into the oil, which has
thickened with time, and necessarily pro
duces' irregularities of. rate. Even with
the greatest care a watch should be
cleaned once in eighteen months and every
year would be better. By this time the
oil dries up and mixes with metallic dust;
it grinds away on the works like emery.
When I tell you that a watch ticks 3S8.
800 times in one day you can comnute the
gigantic task It performs in a year. Treat
your watch reasonably and It will appre
ciate such care and will serve yoa faith
fully as a friend in need."— Washington
Star. -
"Take, for Instance, the simple process
of winding a watch. There is a right and
a wrong way. of doing Jt. Whether it be
by key or a stem. It should be wound In
the morning. Turn slowly and avoid all
jerky movements. The watch will then
work best during the day. as the spring
will exert Its strongest traction power,
whereby the external jostllngs Inflicted on
the watch by your dally works and walks
are fairly well counterbalanced. When a
watch Is wound at night it has only the
weakened spring to offer as resistance to
the jerks and Jolts of the daytime. The
morning winding also lessens the danger
of breaking the mainspring', which, being
no longer at full tension at night, can
stand the cold better.
"He opened my timepiece." sha con
.tlnued, "and having examined Its Internal
economy very close, remarked, 'It's simply
a case of unconscious cruelty to a faith
ful but sensitive friend.' These llttla
workers that tirelessly tick along even
when their owners are asleep are worthy
of far better treatment than they receive.
Fully 99 per cent of the people who carry
watches never give them a thought.
*7\ JT T watch had developed a most
I \/\ remarkable Irregularity.— re-
I y marked a very business Ilka
V I woman. "It lost and gained
A. time by turns until I conceived
the disagreeable impression of having paid
a first-class price for a third-class article.
Full of resentment, I posted off to the
dealer In chronometers from whom \h«
watch had been purchased and accused
him of having treated me unfairly.
THE WAY TO CARE
FOR A WATCH.
jewelry except a seal ring with his fam
ily crest on his right hand. His hands
are cliubby and small; his' feet always
well shod, with rather a round-toed shoe,
not pointed or square. He wears a
etraight-up collar, a little open In front
;hey have the touch of smartness our
Western ties lack. He wears different
styles, sometimes bows, sometimes four
in-hand. I don't think he wears any
feel*. -
"Ned always dresses in very good form.
For business he wears a sack coat^ His
•Jes I know he gets* from New York, for
been In society to the last decade or two.
Like everybody else, Harry Holbrook
smiled. Tlie very name of, Ned Greenway
seems to put people In good humor.
"Judging by my own height I'd cay
Ned was 5 feet 1 inches. I think
he must weigh 1S5"— and Mr. Hoibrook
looked down his own generously filled
waistcoat, comparing. "He must be 45. I
should say.
"His face is round, bis eyes dark brown
and small, and I think you might say
Ned has two chins. He has a round, Bal-
Uxuorean noser, and hi* mustache Is gray
and turns up at the ends. Ned hasn't
uiuch hair, but right on top there . Is a
Napoleonic curl, that leans either to the
right or left according to the way he
ner. He la satisfied with nothing less. In
whatever form he provides entertainment
for his guests he does it after the fash-
Ion of a true cavalier.
"But that Is not to be wondered at,"
or he la connected with some of the
best families of Maryland and Virginia
nnA la Baltimore, his native city.
"Wouldn't you say that he Is 50 yeare
old or not far from It? He is not so tall—
My s £eet 6— and his weight Is about
tW pound*. "When I first knew him his
hair and mustache were jet black— now
tn*y axe gray, and he 1b a little bald.
"His face Is a round, pleasant one, and
you would not call his forehead a very
high one. He has a pleasant voice in
gpeaJdXLsT. and he sings a little. His walk
Is a very determined one— you'd think he
was rolng to some kind of an entertain
ment and wanted to get there. In danc
ing he 1* absolutely correct and a great
hand at Inventing new figures. In dress
be Is always remarkably neat and
modish. He wears very little jewelry—
perhaps a little pin. a family ring, or
something of that kind.
"Ed Greenway** appearance Is not dis
figured by any scars. I think the most
etriklng thing about him Is his earnest
ness cf manner."
TrA-R.-R.-g- H0U3ROOK.
"Let's see," said Harry Holbrook. as he^
leaned back In bis chair and saw with
his mind's eye the face and figure that
are so familiar to everybody who has
"Mr. Edward M. Greenway has been a
great help to society In San Francisco,
lictb In business and in social life he
teems to do things in the very best man-
MES. ELEANOR MARTIN.
"He is always well dressed and, I think,
wears a seal ring that belonged to his
grandmother or somebody. Oh, yes, he
wears eyeglasses once in a while. He has
a rolling walk, and look out for a good
time when you see him coming."
face that Is always smiling when he
ppeaks. There are no scars on him that
I know of. Hands and fret well propor
tioned to the rest of him and a voice of
medium depth, 1 think, complete his
physical make-up. ;¦ i •..*•"¦;
has is light brown, mixed with gray.
Elue gray I should call the color of his
eyes, and his forehead is neither hish
ncr low— call it medium. He has a round
I should judge to be about 5 feet 9
inches and his weight 220 pouiyis. There
isn't much of his hair left, tut what he
subjects.
"He must be about 50 now. His height
"What are the most prominent things
In the make-up of Edward M. Greenway?
Why. champag-ne and giving gercnans, I
srhould think, for you can't talk with him
fefteen minutes before he "brings in these
GEORGE A. NEWEALL.
"He has little . fat hands, with short
fingers. His feet are not small and the
particular thing about his shofs is that
they always turn up at the toes." In sura.
"He doesn't wear x any jewelry at all.
He carries an old tin watch— nickel I be
lieve it is. He has a gold watch that he
uses sometimes, with a rather heavy gold
chain with small links; but he nearly al
ways carries the tin watch.
"Ned's nice and, fat; he's bald and
thinks his hair Is growing., and it Isn't
He looks like Santa Claus. He has funny
little eyes— blue. I; think.
'"Ned usually wears a sack coat, and
in the evening with dress clothes wean*
a white waistcoat and little white tie.
He always wears a stand-up collar, open
a little In front— one' of those butterfly
affairs. In daytime he wears colored
shirts and gay ties, always" gay ties,
either bow or four-in-hand.
"He Is always well dressed, to ouch an
extent that you never notice what he
wears. He has no facial blemishes or
scars. I don't know how to describe his
voice, but it's pleasant and not a heavy
one. He walks with short, quick steps.
I don't know positively about his nation
ality, buf I think he's English. He has
a most pleasant expression and is a very
genial man to meet."
B.EDICK M. DTJPERU.
"It's pretty hard to Judge of his weight,
but I should say he weighed ISO pounds
easy. I should think his height .was
about 5 feet 10 inches. As to his eyes,
I haven't an idea what color they are.
He wears a brown mustache, set In a
round face, and his hair is brown, sprin
kled with gray. He has a bald spot and
a medium-high forehead.
"Oh, I should think Edward M. Green
way Is anywhere from 45 years on, but
nearer 60 years of age.
coat.
"Ned's hands are coarse and flabby—
not a patrician hand. I've seen him wear
several different rings, one a snake, with
a diamond in the head, I think, on the lit
tie finger. He has a broad, flat foot, not
a patrician foot— water wouldn't run un^
der it."
MRS. REDMOND PAYNE, j-
"He wears a derby (pronounced with the
broad a) hat. Overcoat? Oh, no. Ned
doesn't wear an overcoat; he's too ful
eorne, too full-blooded to need an over-
"He dresses in a dark sack suit with a
nigger-singer vest— only don't say 'vest'
for a 8 well fellow like that; you must say
'waistcoat.' Sometimes the waistcoat is
figured with fleur-de-lis, sometimes horse
shoes, sometimes links running across.
Ned's ties are flashy, generally tied In a
loose, flaring bow.
"Ned's face? I'd say Yorkshire— one
of Chicago's best. Small eyes, dark and
rather sleepy. What hair is left is dark,
spangled with gray, and he wears a short
mustache, and that's dark. too.
"Well, I'd say Ned was a short sort of
a fellow. He's about 5 feet 9. Ned's
corpulent— he must weigh 175. I've known
him for twenty-five years and I think he
must be about 48.
R. Porter Ashe emiled as he thought
how he would describe his friend Green
way to one who had never seen 'him.
"Xed's an American. He's from Balti
more, you know, and comes of a very fine
family, but I can't tell you what the M
in his name stands for."
R. PORTER ASHE.
"Some people say he waddle? when he
appears in evening dress, but it's out
rageous. He has decidedly the air of a
bon vivant, .of one who' is perfectly sure
of himself. He has one mannerism that
is particularly noticeable. When he sees
any one he knows we!! he stops and gets
ready to give him the glad hand. There's
a regular 'How nre*you, Harry, old bDy?'
in the way he brings himself to a hait
with one arm a little in advance of the
other— the very .opposite of the 'bunny
hug,' which is Ned's pet aversion.
to give his neck room, and many a time
I've seen poor Ned's collar wilt when he
danced.
"Ned's face is round and chubby. Hi3
eyes are dark brown, not very big, but
they are jolly eyes. His mustache Isn't
very heavy and It turns up at the ends."
"His hands are short and fat, and he
wears a signet ring on the third finger or
his right hand. His feet are rather smalt
and he wears low shoes. He carries a
watch, with a chain.
"There's nothing flashy about Green
way's dress. He generally wears a box
coat, dark In color, and hla ties are mod
est, usually four-in-hand. He wears a
standup collar— that Is, it's a standup col
lar to begin with; but. how It does wilt
before an evening is over!
"Of course, I know the answers to some
of the questions, and I don't know
whether Ned would like to have me give
nim away. He's over 50 and he weigh3
about 205, and I think he is about 5 feet
8% inches.
"Ned's rather portly— yes, he's a man of
quite generous proportions," was Mr.
Bowie's first venture, and he laughed as
he said It.
"His usual dress Is a blue sack coat,
white vest and light trousers. I think he
is an American and the most noticeable
thing about the gentleman is his superior
finish." r~
AIXAN ST. JOHN B0WTE.
"Why, everybody around the Palace
knows Edward M. Greenway— they call
him Ned— with his debonair air. He must
be about 50 years of age and in height
5 feet 8 Inches. He can't weigh less than
1S5 pounds. His eyes are blue— he is very
bald, with just a little hair on the side.
That little is good and gray. He has a
short neck, a round face, with a small
nose, and looks like a man who has al
ways lived well. One-half of hi3 mus
tache Is gray and it is curled. He does
not wear glasses. His voice is a light
barytone in quality. 1 have never noticed
any scars.
C. CIINE,
Palace Hotel.
"He is not a flashy dresser. He usually
"J> wears a double-breasted sack coat and
dark gray trousers. He wears different
colors and styles of ties- and no jewelry
that I have noticed. He has short, fat
hands, but I think the most noticeable
thing about him is his waddling walk."
"Mr. Greenway is about 5 feet 8, short
and stout, weighs about 200, and I. should
think is a man of 48. He has a round
face, i3 dark complected, with a black
mustache, rather heavy, with a gray
streak that anybody would notice — I
think "it's on the left side. He has* rather
nice eyes, dark brown, a straight nose,
and he's bald, I know, though, of course,
I always see him with his hat on. The
y hair that shows below the hat is dark.
He wears a derby hat.
Paying tellers always have keen eyes,
and they make a specialty ¦ of noting
faces. The paying teller of the Nevada
Bank has done business with Ned Green
way for years, and this is the way he de
scribes him:
Paying Teller Nevada Bank.
"In the afternoon he wears a Prince
Albert coat. In the evening he often
wears a white vest, but he usually wears
a black one in the daytime. His ties are
rather gay, sometimes . bow and some
times four-in-hand, and he wears no jew
*lry."
HARRISON BROOKS,
a chain then anyhow, but I can't be sura
atout the chain at other times.
Try a Description
and See How Near
Right You Come.
be in society and be the r-al thirg, one need not necessarily be
(I observant. It is much better fun to pose and let the others wh"b
** don't sit in the boxes, sc to speak, cr, the observation act. .Still,
tliere are always a few in the ranks of the smart set, who by their
pleasant qualities and originality in entertaining, if not by . the* i 1
lavish display of wealth, compel their friends and acquaintances to re
member their personality. There are those, it is true, who will', gossip
concerning these fortunate leaders in the social world, but these same
gossips are always to the fore in accepting invitations. .; ? • *
San Francisco has not an alarmingly large quota of men who lead
ir>. social matters, perhaps because they do not have time, but the name
cf Edward M. Greenway brought ?. jolly smile to the face of every one
who attempted to describe him. Society hr.s known him as a leader for
many moons. Certain it must be that he is regarded as an authority in
matters social, from the reluctance which some of the fairer sex dis
played in describing him from a plaiu every day point of view. But no
bedy in town said they didn't know him, which argues that nobody" will
ingly acknowledges a non-acquaiu-ance with a social favorite.
When it came to describing Edward 11. Greenway, so that any one
might recognize him at a glance, it turned out to be rather a different
matter, and but few were altogether equal to it. However, he is one o*
the few whom society would not care to readily forget, -and every one
agreed upon some things concerning his personal appearance. Make a
picture of him in your mind's eye, and then read what the rest of the
world has to say in describing Edward M. Greenway.
Here Is a riemory
Test That Cannot
Fail to Interest.
Can You Describe Your Best Friend so that the
Police Would Know Him?
11
chain is used, however, it is a heavy one with small links.
He almost always wears 0 single carnation, which takes the
place of jewelry. His hands are short, broad and piump.
His step is brisk, and he always walks with his toes poimed
well out. He is an American.
MR. GREENWAY'S full name, and correctly spelled,
is Edward McDonald Greenway, and he is 50 years
of age.^ He is 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 200
pounds. His eyes are a very dark brown. His hair was
black, but it is very gray now. He is bald. He wears a mod
erately heavy mustache with long curled ends. His face is
round, eyes small and his nose is rather small but straight;
altogether his face is jolh and good-natured. His dress is
always extremely up-to-date. He wears a sack suit of a quiet
color during business hours and evening dress after six.
The only jewelry he wears is a signet r'ng, with the excep
tion of a watch, which is rarely attached to a chain. Wherfa
Edward M. Greenway as He Really Is.
THE SUNDAY GALL.The above is : a . reproduction
of an Easter ' card published
this year by Messrs. Elder &
Shepard of San Francisco. The
verses are by the well-known
scientist 1 and poet, , Charles
Keeler, while the design was
executed by Mrs. Louisa
Keeler. ,- - '
G.. P. Putnam's Sonsof New York are
publishing . some most valuable books in
"Stories of the Nations— A series of his
torical ' studies intended to 'present in
graphic narratives the stories of the dif
ferent nations that have attained promi
nence in history." The" latest addition to
Medieval Rome.
"My Lady Peggy ' Goes to Town," by
Frances Aymar Mathaws, Is a romantic
novel laid in England during the days of
Beau Brummel. The great Brummel
plays a part in the story, but the main
character, of course, !s My Lady Peggy.
The story recounts the adventures of this
dashing young maid who coquettes with
her true love and finally goes to London,
where she dons male attire and passes
herself off as« Sir Robin McTart— an in
significant chap, who Is also a> suitor for
her hand. In this guise she gets into a
quarrel with her lover Percy and is
wounded by. a sword thrust. She also has
sundry other adventures through the com
ing to town of the real Robin McTart, an
episode with highwaymen and various
otlwr unpleasant incidents that are apt to
find young women who insist upon going
about in the guise ot man. Of course, It
is easy to guess how the story will end
long before the tale Is half done. There
Is a certain amount of pleasure to be de
rived from the book In following the ad
ventures of the capricious Mistress
Peg^y;'. but the same line of fancy In the
way of women assuming the masculine
role has . been worked out many a time
before and* has been better done. The
story is readable, but rather long drawn
out. (Published by the Bowen-Merrill
Company, Indianapolis. ; Price Jl 50.)
My, Lady Peggy Goes to Town.
-Those interested in physical culture for
children will find food for thought In a
email volume entitled. "Graded Physical
Exercises," by Bertha Louise Colburn,
that has just been published by the Edgar
S. Werner Company of New York. Th©
first'part of the book is devoted to a sys
tem of exercises, to be given In an or
dinary room without apparatus. The sys
tem is divided into eight grades, one set
for each year of school life. Each group
is a natural outgrowth frop the preced
ing one, the principle that only from the
frequent repetition of a movement benefit
can be derived being carried , consistently
out, though each group Is complete In
itself. The exercises suited to adult de
velopment begin with grade V, continuing
through the series. The system Is not
merely .theoretical, but It Is practical,
having been tested by the author In six
years' use in public schools and acade
mies. Little talks" to the teacher
in shape of a short nature story or an
artistic story planned for the teacher to
tell her little ones accompany the work
of the first and second grades. The re
mainder of the book Is given over to
marching and . tactics, games, minute
plays and action poems, grouped Into
grades like the preceding chapters. (Price
$1.)
Graded Physical Exercises.
There ; arose a commotion in ' the ranks 'of
the clergy .of . Virginia. ' The Reverend Gideon
Darden, _ qultUng with an bath the" company
of his , brethren, came down the aisle, ¦ and,
pushing , past his .wife, took his stand , in the
pew beside . the orphan .who had ' lived I beneath
his roof," whom, during many '. years . he had
cursed EJ/ttponf occasion j and sometimes .struck,
and . whom he . had latterly made ¦ . his ' tool.
"Never mind him, Audrey,', my girl," he" said,
and, put an unsteady : hand upon , her. shoulder.
"You're a good child; they cannot harm ye."
. On went the .word picture' that showed how
vice could. flaunt It in so fallen an age.. The
preacher, spared '} not plain .words,- squarely
turned, himself toward; the gallery,' pointed ou:
with voice and hand; the object ' of . his censure
and of God's wrath. Had the law pilloried the
girl ; before ; them all, ' It ? had b«ep ' hut little
worse for her. She sat like a statue, staring
; with , wide eyes at the window above the altar.
This, 'then, was what the words; lnthe'coach
last .' night had " meant — this ' was . what - the
princess had thought— this waa what his world
had -thought — ' •¦'.', .' ... ¦ ¦ '
.Then" it is that the awakening comes to
Audrey, but the ; poor child has a" yet
harder trial before; her on the following
Sunday/when the minister takes the pul
pit against her and denounces her in'open
church. \ '
Evelyn. went up to Audrey and' took her by
the hand. ."I am not tired of dancing, as were
those ladies who; have left u»," . she eaid,
with asmile, and In ; a ; sweet and friendly
voice. "Sce.'the gentlemen are waiting! Let
us' finish out this measure, you and' me."
¦ Another was before them. A lady in rose
color had risen i from "...her chair and gilded
across the polished floor to the : spot .where the
trouble ', was , brewing. ' -';% for
shame!", she cried. V • Her voice was bell-like
lnits clear sweetnesg.'fnnal In its ' grave re
buke and Its recall to sense and decency. ,' She
was Miss Evelyn Byrd,' ; who held sovereignty
in Virginia, / and 1 at ; the sound of her voice,
the command of [ her raised j hand; | the clamor
suddenly ceased and the angry, group* parting,
fell back as from the presence of Its veritable
queen. .' : ' ¦¦ ' ;.. " ... ..•'. .'.. ....
A great hubbub and exclamation" aros<\ Mr.
Travis lifted the glove with the point of his
rapier, and in a' loud voice repeated the asser
tion which had given umbrage 'to Mr. Haward
of Fair View. That gentleman sprang un
steadily, forward and the blades of the two
crossed In dead earnest. ; A moment, and the
men were forced apart; but by. this time
the whole room was in : commotion. ; The mu
sicians craned their necks over the gallery
rail, a woman screamed, and: half a dozen
gentlemen . of years - and authority started
from th» crowd of witnesses to the affair and
made toward the center of the room, with
an eye to preventing further trouble. Where
much wine had been drunken . and twenty ra
piers were out, matters might go from bad
to worse. -%..¦.,.
"It was you, Mr. Corbin, that laughed, I
think," said Haward. "To-morrow I shall
send to know the ' reason of your mirth. Mr.,
Everard, you will answer to me for that pretty
oath. Mr. Travis, there rests the lie . that
you uttered just . now; - stoop and take It
again." He flung his glove at Mr. Travis'
feet - ¦ . - -¦ « \ •
upon the fact of her identity being estab
lished soon increase, to an open demon
stration; and the ladies one and all refuse
to dance In the set with her. Thereupon
the men make "audible remarks of by no
means a flattering nature, which almost
result I in several fatalities,' for Haward
comes to Audrey's rescue. . Actual blood
.shed Is prevented by the better spirit of
Evelyn: ..'
I . take It upon myself to say some good word*
for this material world and Its material inter
ests. . If this is materialism. let the critics
make the most of it. • • •
. Success comes to the strong-, the brave, the
intelligent." It does not come to weaklings, to
coward*, to dull and sluggish intellects.
"' The whole world applauds success. Thos*
who can do what other men only dream of do-
Ing — these 'men who hitch their wagons to the
•tars, and are pulled by the very power of
the Cosmos — these athletes in the world's
Olympian games, conquering all who coma
against them, standing with folded arms await
ing new assailants, conscious of superior pow
er, strong In the victories they h»ve won —
these men I say. fascinate the multitude and
easily wear the laurels which are placed upon
their brows.
(Published by the Nike Publishing
House, Cleveland, Ohio.)
.; I take it upon , myself to defend this class
of men from the aspersions of their traducers.
Thlsls the age of science. ; Invention, manu
facture, trade. ' Antiquated dreamers, '.with va
cant eyes turned in upon their own misty spec-"
ulatlon. , denounce It as a gross and material
istic age. , ; , They mourn the ¦ absence \ of senti
ment, ¦ poetry, ; the fine arts. . To them these
men of affairs are , so • many . great brutes,
trampling I down ' their fellows In their mad
rush for material treasures. They do not see
the real work which these men ; are ' doing. Id
redeeming, the earth J from the ' wild forces of
nature. " and preparing it - to '¦ be ! the , home of
such a civilization as the human race has never
dreamed > of • In ", the past. (
.".The reader will note that : I do not deal with
Mr. Hanna as' an Individual alone. -i, but as a
man , representing a large and Increasing class
—the ; business men, the empire builders, the
men , who are; laying • the foundations of a new
and grand .civilization.- ' ; - ;
An enthusiastic tribute to the talents "and
good qualities; of. Mark Hanna ,has been
paid by Solon Lauer in a sketch which he
has written of the Senator. | The book' Is
not only a j eulogy of Mr. S Hanna, . but a
defense of the principles for \ which he
has stood in. his political career: The vol
ume opens with sonie prefatory remarks
upon the real meaning .'of anarchism,
suggested by . the assassination of , Presi
dent McKinley.'. Then follows the account
of^ Mr. Hanna'B career. In this are intro
duced'selections; from addresses made by
Mr. Hanna and several articles which
have appeared ' in ) the magazines . about
him. The book closes with a number of
short essays on; social; and political ques
tions.. The essays are' a plea for the su
premacy principles which Mr. : Lauer . finds
exemplified, in the career. of Senator Han
na. Mr. Lauer's, estimate of the policy
of Hanna may ' be seen in the following
quotation from the book: >
This' unwarranted - persecution opens
Audrey's eyes to all the' bitterness of life.
Miss Johnston handles the story from thin
point on .with fine power. -The tragic end-
Ing that Is given to the tale may not be
thought necessary by many, yet it is cer
tainly the artistic climax. for such a story
and the one best fitted to close the "life
of such a character as Audrey.
jj The somberhess of the mJfln romance is
prettily offset by. the lighter love story
of Angus MacLean and the Quaker maid,
Mistress Truelove Taberer. MacLean's
friendship for Haward, cemented as it is
in blood by their duel over Audrey, is
one of the most vital • features of the^
story. Audrey's seeking refuge from the'
cruelty of gossip by adopting a life on the
stage and her sudden rise to a position of
bright particular star borders on the Im
probable; ;but then; there are stranger
things in truth than In fiction, and as it
gives an' opportunity for a suitable ending
to* the story we should I not be hypercrit
ical.,'("Audrey" is published by Hough
ton, Mlfflin & Co.. Boston. . Price $1 50.)
Mark Hanna.
He sat heavily down beside Audrey, who
never stirred from her still regard of that high
window. There was a moment of portentous
silence; then "Let us pray," said the minis
ter from the pulpit. ' .
He turned his great, shambling body and
heavy face toward the preacher, stemmed -in
the full tide of his eloquence by . this unseemly
interruption. "Ye beggarly Scot !" he ex
claimed, thickly. "Ye evil- thinking saint from
Salem way, that know the very lining of the
Lord's mind, and yet, walking - through ; .his
earth, see but a poisonous weed in his every
harmless ftp wer ! Shame on you to beat down
the flower that never did you harm! The girl's
as Innocent a thing as lives! Ay, I've had
my dram— the more shame to you that are
justly rebuked out of the mouth of a drunken
man! I have done. Mr. Commissary," address
ing himself to that dignitary, who had ad
vanced to the altar, rail with his arm raised
in a command for silence. "I've no child of
my own, thank God! but the maid has grown
up in my house, and I'll not sit to hear her
belled. I've heard of last night; 'twas the
mad whim of a sick man. The girl's a t s guilt
less of wrong as any lady here. I, ' Gideon
Darden, vouch for it!"
The poor girl goes, much against her
will. Decked out In theatrical' finery fur
nished by Mistress Stagg Bhe is certainly
the most beautiful. woman there, 'but the
murmurs that spread ? around ¦ the' room
'."; Meanwhile gossip has, been rife r about
the interest Haward has shown in his fair
ward. .. Audrey 'has her first intimation
that something is a.iiiss when, upon; a visit
to Mistress Mary Stage, '-wife of the man
ager of the Williamsburgh Theater^ Miss
Evelyn Byrd refuses to speak , to her.
Evelyn has come to Mra. Stagg's ; to pur
chase an elaborate j headgear for the com
ing-ball, and repulses all /Audrey's at
tempts at conversation. " ' The 'blow - is" to
fall heavier later, whcn ; Haward insists
upon taking Audrey to the ball. • /
The Highlander, who had , become very
thoughtful of aspect since entering . the ; room,
and who had not shared Saunderson' s* start
of surprise *at the master's latest; orders, nod
ded assent. Haward stood for a, moment gaz
ing steadily at Hugon. but with no notice to
bestow upon -the bowing, schoolmaster; then
walked over ; to tjie harpsichord, and, Bitting
down, began . to play an old tune, ; soft and
slow.'-, with . pauses between ; the notes. .When
he came 'to the final chord . he ; looked over his
shoulder at - the colonel, : standing before ¦' the
mantel with his eyes , upon . the flre. ''So they
have gone,"- he ' said. ;¦ "Good riddance! A
pretty 1 brace of villains!" ; .
With a Blight bow, to his guest he left the
window and advanced to , the- group, in the
center of the room.. "Saunderson,": he said
abruptly, "take these two men to : the quarter
and cut their bonds. Give/them a; start of
fifty yards, then loose the dogs and hunt. them
from the • plantation.: You -have . men outside
to help you? /Very well, go! Mr. , MacLean,'
will > you see this chase fairly started? 1 .'' ¦/, ' ¦
.-'Haward waved his hand. . "There, is no wit
ness," he said/ without change of . tone, "and
therefore, colonel, I am about to dismiss the
case." . ' ' ' ¦¦- ¦ :'*:¦¦ ¦ ¦. '
The other met his stare of surprise with an
Imperturbable countenance. "What ; I Isay,"
he answered • quietly. "My servants find two
men lurking. 'beside a road that I am travel
ing. Being somewhat overzealous, they take
them ud on suspicion of meaning mischief
and bring them before me. It Is all guesswork
why they were at , the turn of Ahe road ¦ and
what they wanted there. There is no proof,
no witness -'•";'
"I see that th"ere is no witness that, you
care to call. ' said the colonel coldly.
Haward shook . his head. "I cannot," h«
said, with a gesture of Impatience. "There is
no proof." ¦'¦'.'•':'•"
"No proof!" exclaimed hi» guest, sharply.
"You mean — — "
Colonel Byrd went up to Haward and spoke
in a low voice: "Best send them , at once to
Willlamsburgh."
Kaward pushed back his chair • from , the
table, and, rising,' walked, across the. room
to the window. Hugon followed hjm, strain
ing at the rope about his arms and speaking
thickly. , Hls\. eyes were glaring, his " teeth
bared. When he was so close that the Vir
ginian could feel his hot breath, the latter
turned, and, uttering an oath of: disgust,
struck the back of his hand across his lips.
With the cry of. an' animal, Hugon, bound
as he was, threw himself bodily upon his foe,
who in turn flung the trader from him with
a violence that sent. him reeling against' . the
wall. Here Saunderson, a man of powerful
build, seized him by the shoulders, holding
him fast; MacLeen, too, hurriedly crossed
from the door. There was no need, for the
half-breed's frenzy was spent. He stood with
glittering eyes following Haward'B every mo
tion, but quite Bilent, his frame rigid in the
overseer's grasp. .
far awry, his great peruke, a, cataract of hair,
streaming over his shouldera," shading 'and
softening the swarthy features beneath Its
curled waves, now slipped from his head and
fell to the "floor. The > change which Its ab
sence wrought was startling. ¦ Of ... the man
the moiety that was white disappeared. The
shaven head, its poise,' its features,* were In
dian; the soul was Indian, and .looked from
Indian eyes. Suddenly, for the last trans
forming touch, came a torrent of ¦'¦ words,
words in a strange tongue, the tongue of his
mother. Of what was he speaking, . what was
he threatening, no one of them could tell; he
was a savage giving voice to madness and
hate. . .. ¦
Foam was upon his lips, and he drained
without ceasing at his bends. 'Already pulled
The half-breed straightened himself, and
vith a mighty effort strove In vain for a com
posure that should match the other's" cold
self -command— a command which taunted ani
stung now at this point, now at that. "I am
a Frenchman!" he cried, in a voice that
broke with jiasslon. "I am of the noblesse
of the land of France, which Is a country
that its much grander than, Virginia! Old
Pierre at Monacan-town told me these things.
My father changed his name when he came
across the sea, so I bear not the de which
Ik a sign of a irreat Wn. Listen, you Eng
lishman! O trade, I prosper. I buy me land,
1 begin to build mea house.' There is a girl
that I see every hour, every minute, while I
am building it. She says she - lovea me not,
but nevertheless I shall wed her. Now I see
her In this room, no\v. In that; she comes
down the stair, she smiles at the window, she
Ftanda on the doorstep , to welcome me when
I come home from my hunting and trading,
in the woods so far away. I bring her fine
skins of the otter, the beaver and the. fawn;
beadwork alao from the villages and-brace
lets of copper and pearl.. The flowers bloom
mound her. and my heart sings to her upon
my doorstep. . . The flowers are dead, and
you have etolrti the girl away. . . There was
a stream, and the sun shone' upon it, and
you and she were in a boat. I walked alone
upon the bank, and in my heart 1 left build
ing my house and fell to other work. You
laughed; one day you will laugh • no more.
That was many suns ago. I have watched "
If Haward heard it did not appear.- He' was
leaning back In his chair, v his eye? fixed upon
the trader's twitching face In a cold and smil
ing regard. "Well, Monacan?" he demanded/
From the fireplace came [ the schoolmaster's
slow voice: "Dear sir, can you show the pit?
Why should this youth desire to harm you?
Where is the storm b'.rd? Can you whistle it
before a Justice of the Peace or into a court
room?" ';•':.—}.'.
Haward laughed. "No, it was not Audrey.
And so. Monacan, you have yourself fallen
into the pit which you digged." ¦
"Was it Audrey?"
"A storm bird," said Haward, calmly.
"Okee is perhaps angry with his Monacans
and eent it."
The trader, gasping with passion. leaned
across the table until his eyes were within a
foot of Haward's unmoved face. • "Who
showed you the trail and told you of the
snare?" he whispered. "Tell me that, you
Englishman — tell me that!"
"For a handful of- blue beads," said Ha
ward. with a cold smile. "And I, dog of an
Indian! I will send a Nottoway to teach
the Monacans how to lay a snare and hide
a trail."
Haward went on evenly: "Your tribe has
smoked the peace pipe with the white man.
I was not told it by singing birds, but by the
great white father at Willlamsburgh. They
buried the hatchet very deep; the dead leaves
of many mood of Cohonks lie thick upon the
place where they burled It. Why have you
made a warpath, treading it alone of your
color?"
"Diable!" cried Hugon. "Pig of an English
man! I will kill you for "
of distinction. His great wig, 'of a 'fashion
years gone by. ' was pulled grotesquely aside,
ebowlng the high forehead and shaven crown
beneath; his laced coat and tawdry waistcoat
and ruffled ehirt were torn and foul with mud
and mold, but the man himself made fo be
forgotten the absurdity of his trappings. Gone,
for him, were his captors, his accomplice, the
spectator in gold and russet; to Haward, also,
sitting very' cold., very quiet, with narrowed
eyes, they were gone. He was angered, and
In the mood to give rein after his own fashion
to that anger. MacLean and the master of
Westover. the overseer and the schoolmaster,
were forgotten, and he and Hugon met alone
as they might have met In the forest. ¦ Be
tween them, and without a spoken word, the
two made this fact to be recognized by the
other occupants of the drawing-room. Colonel
Byrd, who had been standing with his hand
upon the 'table, moved backward until he
joined MacLcan beside the closed door; Kaun
derson drew near to the schoolmaster, and the
center of the room was left to the- would-be
murderer and the victim that had escaped
him.
"Monsieur le Monacan," said Haward.
Hugon snarled like an angry wolf and
strained at the rope which bound his arms.
Readers of Current History and Mod
ern Culture now have these two majra
zines combined in one. The consolida
tion is announced at the beginning ot the
twelfth volume of the former, the March
number being clothed In a new and comely
cover and bearing the full title of Cur
rent History and Modern Culture. The
publishers announce that the best fea
tures and entire editorial force of both
magazines will be continued In the con
solidated form. The events of the times
will be chronicled In a comprehensive. Im
partial and systematic manner) the fields
of science, education, religion,, literature,
art and music wfll be reviewed and il
lustrations, attractive and instructive,
will brighten the pages throughout. The
March number opens with an article on
"The President of New Cuba," by J. D.
Whelpley, to accompany a strong front-^
lsplece portrait. All the important tojy^h
>ics of the day are presented in a ver> v "
fully outlined table of contents. The new
literary department, conducted by Na
than Haskell Dol's, will find many ap
preciative readera. . The increased num
ber of sketch-maps, illustrative of point3
in the record of affairs. Is worthy of spe
cial mention.
Mark Twain Is so well known by his
pseudonym that people frequently address
him as Mr. Twain, until his Identity has
assumed a sort of Jekyll-and-Hyde dual
ity, and he doesn't know himself whether
he Is Mark Twain or Samuel Clemens.
It remained for the ever-ingenious office
boy to carry the dual identity j theory to f"
Its utmost development. Mr, Clemens
called at a publishing house, bat & man
he wanted to see was absent. To make
sure that his visit should be reported, and
having no card with him. he gave both
his names to the office boy. This was
the latter** report to his superior:
"Mr. Clemens was here. He said ha
wanted t» see Mark Twain."
Herbert M. Hopkins, author of "The
Fighting Bishop," was born In Hannibal
Mo., but always speaks and thinks of Ohio'
is his home. Vrom his twelfth vear he
lived in Toledo and his forefathers lived
there long before him. That strong char
acter, "the fighting Bishop" Ambrose, for
whom his novel was named, was drawn
from the life and actual experience of the
author's grandfather, and many of th«
characters of that remarkable old-fash
ioned family which he has so truly pic
tured are taken almost wholly from the
lives of his ancestors and their friends.
Gertrude Atherton's novel. "The Con
queror." which is based on the life of
Alexander Hamilton, is said to afford a
»f7«? )m . P ! et .? panoram a of the political
life of that day. While it is a work of
fiction every Incident is historically true.
It Is a new departure in biography Th«
play and interplay of life among the men
who founded the nation 1 3 thrown out
vividly against a very real social back
ground. The book will be Issued next
week by The Macmillan Company.
Richard Harding Davis' long novel, his
most ambitious work, which begins in the
April Scribner-s, has for its hero a young
West Pointer who was dismissed from
the academy and tries to retrieve his mili
tary reputation by adventures in a revolu
tion In Honduras. This novel is to be Il
lustrated by Walter Appletoa Clark.
Literary Motes.
John F. Davis, the author of "History
of the Bench and Bar in California." has
had that portion of his work relating to
the mining laws reprinted In separate
.%?: 7 h t prese . nt Pamphlet is called a
rSifn° i° a , Ske i ch of the Law in
California, and naturally will be found
or great advantage to all lawyers and
practical miners as well, who do not care
to expend the amount necessary for the
u U l C^T Ot the larser It is pub-
Ti^LSS^ST 1 IIOU3e
Mining !Law in California.
"Bradish's Stories of Country Life." by
Sarah Powers Bradish, is one of the
latest additions to the series of Eclectic
School Readings. The stories are suitable
for reading- in the fourth or fifth yeara.
It presents in easy manner the yearly
round of country life on a farm, with
especial reference to the history of
wheat, from its planting to Its grinding
into flour at one of the great modern
mills. Into this general framework are
interwoven narratives of horses and dogs,
birds and little wild animals, describing
traits that may be watched and verified
by any observant child. To lend variety
to the themes and to give a broader view
of industrial life, among the farm stories
are scattered others relating to lumber-
Ing, coal, and iron mining, and the indus
tries to which they give rise. (Published
by the American Book Company, New
York. Price 40 cents.)
Stories of Country Life.
His sase was upon Hugon, who in his turn
rlered at him alone. Haward had the subtle
power of forcing and fixing the attention of
a company; In crowded rooms, without undue
utterance or moving from his place, he was
?pt to achieve the center of the stage, the
h«-ad of the table. ICow, the half-breed, by
very virtue of the passion which, false to
h!x Indian b'.nod. thook him like a lear, of a
rs?e tvl-.ich overmastered and transformed,
reached et a bound the Englishman's plane
The character of Hugon is the shadow
of the story, and Its possibilities are splen
didly developed. He Is depicted as the son
of a reprobate French nobleman and en
Indian woman, and as is often, bo in such
c&see, be seems to have inherited the
worst from the character of each parent.
He plana, with the aid of the school
master, a transported criminal, to kill
Haward. but is prevented J by a timely
warning from Audrey. Haward has the
teacher and the halfbreed captured and
brought before him, but is obliged to let
the matter rest without further prosecu
tion, for he dislikes to bring forward the
name of Audrey as his witness. The scene
between Hugon and Haward is one of the
most powerful In the book and strongly
reminiscent of Miss Johnston's dramatic
work in "To Have and to Hold."
Naturally Haward remembers his guar
dianship of the girl and eoon begins to
take an Interest which rapidly develops
Into love. A halfbreed trader, Jean Hu
gon, also aspires for the hand of Audrey,
but Is cordially bated by her.
It is at this time that the Mayday fes
tival takes place and Haward sees Audrey
again. She Is one of the contestants in a
footrace and wins the prize— certainly a
lowly beginning for a heroine who is to
have so great a rival as the charming
Evelyn Byrd.
When Haward returns to his Virginian
estates he has well nigh forgotten the lit
tle maid whose life he saved. At this time
he asks Miss Evelyn Byrd to become his
wife and is promptly refused, for by his
own admission he offered his hand merely
because of the fitness of such a match and
not because of ardent love. '
Darden is cursed by a love for the flow
ing- bowl and does none too much for the
education of Audrey. She Is thrown large
ly upon her own resources, for the minis
ter's wife is a shrewish woman, entirely
lacking in the finer sympathies that mlgnt
appeal to so sensitive a nature as that
of Audrey.
Like its predecessors, the present story
is laid in Virginia, but at a later date
in the eighteenth instead of the seven
teenth century. Audrey 1b an orphan who
has been saved as a child from the In
dians by Mr. Marmaduke Haward, one of
A'irginia's wealthiest -and highest born
young men. Haward provides for her by
leaving her In the charge of the minister,
Darden, while he himself goes to London
to see a bit of the world.
The plot of the novel is by no means
involved, but Miss Johnston more than
makes up for any interest lost through
that medium by the intensity of her char
acter drawing. There are a half dozen or
more characters In this book that well de
serve to play leading roles in a' story all
their own.
The first few chapters of "Audrey" will
make rather dry reading for those who
expect one dramatic Incident to follow an
other and find narrative much more to
their palate tban description. Miss John
ston begins her work deliberately and
takes her own time to do a certain
amount of landscape gardening to insure
a proper setting for her drama. Sne con
tinues this plan throughout the book, it
must be said, and at no time allows the
stress of narration to Infringe upon the
prerogatives of the scene shifter. Her pic
tures, when all is set and ready, are cer
tainly as delightful as could be desired,
but at times may be found to interfere
with the dramatic rights of the story \n
much the same way that a series of
tableaux introduced into a melodrama
might be detrimental if allowed to break
the thread of action.
Audrey Is a heroine that deserves to
lire among the heroines of fiction. Miss
Johnston seems to have been in perfect
sympathy with this child of the woods.
She makes her Audrey, for the reader, a
living, breathing personality. The other
characters of the book are equally well
ione, but being of more ordinary clay,
they naturally do not attract the same
amount of attention as this dreamy child
of nature who. as a type, is so distinct
and apart from the rest of the world.
"Audrey** will, of course, be on© of the
big sellers of the year, but whether it
will really appeal bo strongly to her read
ers as did her other works is a question.
It has not the dash, concentration and
"good ending" that go to make a book
popularly popular. Tet, It is undoubtedly
her best work.
•:
THE novel that holds center position
at present In public libraries, book
dealers' show windows and on the
tables' of up-to-date readers is, of
course, Mary Johnston's "Audrey."
"Prisoners of Hope" started the wave of
popular favor that attained full power
when "To Have and to Hold" appeared,
and Is now booming' merrily along bear
ing on ita crest this latest work of a fa
vorite author. The general opinion at
present ecmB to be that Miss Johnston has
"improved"— that is. from a critic's stand
point. She is, in "Audrey," more careful
about dealing in improbable and dra
matic Incidents that were found fault
•with In "To Have and to Hold." She
writes with a more mature pen.
the series is an admirable work on "Medi
eval Rome" from Hildebrand to Clement
.Mil, 1073-1600, by William Miller, M. \
Mr. Miller Is also the author of "Xhj
Ralkans." etc. He has done careful and
conscientious work on the present book,
ard the volume will be foumi of the'
greatest value to those who wish to brush
up. their knowledge of the history o ; t^' e
Eternal City between the middle of the
eleventh and the end of the sixteenth cen
tury.
Mr. Miller treats his subject under the
following heads: "Hildebrand and His
Times," "Arnold of Brescia," "Innocent
III and the Zenith of the Papacy," "The
Hermit-Pope and the First Jubilee,' .f
"Rome During the 'Babylonish Captiv- *
Ity.* " "The Return of the Papacy," "The
Age of Aeneas Sylvius," "The Papacy of
Alexander VI," "Rome Durfnff the Re
naissance," "The Sack of Rome," "The
Inquisition and the Jesuits," "Rome Un
der Slxtus V." The illustrations of the
book deserve special mention, for there
are a great many of them, and all a*e
excellent reproductions of valuable photo
graphs. A complete alphabetical index
adds much to the practical convenience
of the volume. (Price $1 50.)
¦a ; JbLfai ; >b\juSi>A^- -.c^lui;
Ccr|dUc^ d by
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
12
NOW ISSUED.
Charles Warren StoddardN
"In the Footprints
of <he Padres."
Mr. Stoddard s:ts forth in this
work his recollections of early
days ir» California. Beautifully
illustrated. ..Book . collectors
should place orders at once in or-
der to secure copies of first ej:-
tion. .
PRICE SI SO NE *•.
A. W. ROBERTSON,
-'Publisher. 26 Post Street.
!.Will be repaid for send- Ml
ing lor ovr illustrated \M
catalogue o! original gi
EASTER jl
Cards If
. V\ tn d books, newly de> M
f& (igned and published k k
/§£} ior this season by |Vtt
W ELDER and SHEPABD 11
|«$v 238 Poet Street (jr%L
wvja San Fraiciico . Y^J*/"I do most emphatically believe in cor
jwral punishment, but think it should be
UB«d very i«parin«rly. Of. course. It should
not be used any more than we should
shoot people, but -how safe would your
property be or your life If there were no
such thing as shooting? It Is physical
power that makes people behave them
selves.
"It should not be used as a means of
keeping order, but as a power to prevent
outrage. A teacher that cannot keep or
der without that means is a very poor
teacher: but now and then there is an
outbreak that makes corporal punishment
necessary.
"I believe that 60, (f not 75 per cent of
our teachers, could maintain discipline
without corporal punishment.
"I do not think teachers should have the
privilege of punishing pupils. They might
do it in a burst of passion, whereas the
principal, who is free from the annoy-
JAKES DENMAN,
President of School Board.
"We have been asked by parents to
punish their boys, but I always say I will
try to reach the boys in some other way,
and I do reach them in some other way.
for I am a strong enemy to corporal pun-
MISS H. . P. McFARLAND,
Acting Principal of the Clement
Grammar School.
"I am and have , always been strongly
opposed to corporal punishment. I do
not believe in it at all, and I find that
we get. along very well without it.
"There are so many other ways of
reaching a child. When one is reported
to me for disorder, I appeal to him on
the ground of his having broken a rule
probably through thoughtlessness, but i
let him plainly understand that if he re
turns to my office on a s:mi!ar,charge he
will be dealt with more- severely. By this
I mean that he will b» retained after
school, given extra work, or that his
parents will be sent for to talk the mat
ter over. One of these methods usually
has the desired effect, for we have the
support of parents in dealing with the
child-en. •|lT*fflCTIUII"«1 WHIM
I would not favor giving teachers the
power to Punisli, and I do not think my
teachers desire it. The children In our
school are well bred.-responsive and in
clined to do right, and where auch con
ditions exist all that is necessary 1 3 to
make the school work Interesting and
there is little trouble with discipline "
x ¦ ¦ " ¦ ——____ ¦ . •¦
MBS. X. E. BROGAN,
Principal of the Moulder Pri
mary School.
"I do not believe in abolishing corporal
punishment. There are a few boys who
cannot be controlled in any other way
yes, and there are some girls that deserve
it. too. In my school of over 600 I aver
age two or three cases a month. These
are for willful disobedience. Anese
"For truancy? Never. For tardiness*
Never To me it seems the height of f oUy
to punish a boy for truancy, for in most
cases truancy, as well as tardiness, is the
% nl l °J, the **? e ?h. But wnere a boy is
disobedient and defiant, the only remedv
is whipping. Corporal punishment la
more necessary with smaller boys than
larger ones. You can appeal to the rea
son of older boys. ,
"Humanitarian ism Is absolutely hum
bujr. It is a silly s^ntimentalism. that
makes heroes of criminals and that en
courages by mild treatment Iteration, of
offense. i
"Yes. I was punished in school— once.
It was for truancy. 1 was a little fellow
of 9. and had up to that time bren in a
private school. When put in the public
school I v.-as alarmed at the dlsciplne..
and that was the cause of my absenting
myself. The teacher had threatened to
punish all who did not have a certain les
son at a given time, and, while I had it.
I -was afraid and stayed away. I was
punished both at school and at home. I
rcn-.cmbcr Blie used a big black walnut
ruler, very lor.gr. very wide.- and • very
thick, ar.<5 sympathetic playmates said
shr- pve mr- twenty-five strokes on each
hand. I didn't have t'.me to count them,
but I think It was a rather severe punish
ment for a little frllt.w. However, I did
net resent the chastisement. Jt put me in
a. proper RUM of Humiliation and respect
for lav/, and I regard that teacher to-day
with a great dral of affection."
REGINALD H. WEBSTER,
Superintendent of Schools.
"Principals and teachers should employ
other restraining influences, but if they
prove ineffectual corporal punishment
should be administered in a proper man
ner, ar.d by that I mean on the palm of
the hand. In every school there will ap
pear occasionally cares which can be
reached in no . other way. Suspension
from school, while it might with many be
regarded as a humiliation and a disgrace,
would be by others used as. a vacation.
Expulsion from school often* means the
destruction of the individual for future
usefulness. Excluded from the discip'ine
and instruction of the schoolroom, a boy
who has demonstrated that he is to some
extent incorrigible will very likely, given
his freedom, contract vicious and idle
habits, and good citizenship will be lost to
the Btate. Therefore I believe in the in
fliction of corporal punishment upon those
who are not disposed to be controlled In
cny ether manner.
"Discipline is like everything els*; it is
a business proposition. A teacher is born,
not made. A firm. Just person will re
quest something done once, and if the of
fense be deliberately repeated it will not
Co unrebuked. and corporal punishment
must be resorted to at times.
. School. "
' "There is about one boy in fifty that
. nothing . but corporal punishment will
reach. However. In five years at this
school I have had but three cases.. We
punish once in a while to let them see we
will do it if necessary, and the children
: are made to feel that whiping Is the very
worst thing that can happen. I think it
loses its effect when administered too
often.
"I do not think It would be wise to
abolish corporal punishment, as it would
give boys^a feeling of 'They dasent touch
me. 1 \ But I believe in few rules and in
making children feel that any punish
ment is very serious. Of course the teach
ers have a demerit system, and we keep
an office ' book, and it < Is a very serious
thing for a child to get his name in the
office book. After the March vacation we
_ allow the children to work off the marks
against them, and a child whose name re
mains on the, office book at the end of the
term is deprived of his certificate. He is
- ! promoted, but has no certificate to take
MISS KATE CBOWLEY,
Principal of Mission Grammar
MISS ALICE M. STINCEN,
Principal Pacific Heights Graxn
: mar School.
"In the ten years of my principalship in
this school there has never been a case' of
corporal punishment. No child has been
slapped, pinched or shaken.
"Firmness and kindness will accomplish
what severity never would. I make truth
the cornerstone of everything. I have
the children understand that no matter
what they do they should tell me the
truth about it; then. I can excuse."
"I remember being punished twice in
school, and it 'made me very indignant
Even now I feel that the punishment was
too severe for the offense. I was onty
9 or 10 years old. and when my name
occurred in one of the sentences given
kw g t r^ mt ? ar claas . f or Parsing I laughed.
For this I was whipped severely with a
bunch of switches, after the fashion of
Sr° S flgn?ing.» AnOther time * waa *"«¦«*
T. B. WHITE,
Principal of Washington Gram
mar School.
"I believe in keeping corporal punish
ment aown to a minimum. In this school
we average about thirty cases a montU
with between 500 and bOu boys. There u^j
some boys beneflted by corporal punish
ment reasonably administered.
•"However, I wouid be In favor of abol
ishing corporal punishment, let the conse
quences be wnat they may. I say tnla
because mistakes are sometimes made in
administering corporal punishment. On
cannot always understand the disposition
of the child, and there may be cases
where punishment is remembered wun
bitterness in after years.
• "Another bad feature of corporal pun
ishment is that there are timid chiidre i
in school who are frightened and terrifiej
by the thought of it. Of course, we never
punish in fne presence of the class, but
they know of it, and the timid child con
stantly fears he may do something that
will cause him to be punished.
"I think discipline could be maintained
without it. because znmre responslb.lity
would be thrown on the parents, and in
time the thought of being turned out of
school on account of tau conduct would
have a deterrent influence on most boys
I believe In constant, persistent tra.n-
Ing in rlghtdoing. . If there could be per
fect uniformity in this. from tne lowest to
the highest grade there would be littlo
need of corporal punishment.
"I believe in corporal punishment only
to correct some bad trait of disposition—
not for the ordinary offenses that mor
boys commit. I <v ery seldom punish lor
™ nc /' 1 try to have parents deal wlt.i
that, and it is only at their request that
I punish the truant. If tardiness is hab t
ual I first notify the parents and to try
to have them correct it. If that falls I
punish.
- JAMES T. HAMILTON, .: • -
Principal of Lincoln Grammar
School.
"Well, yes, in certain case3 corporal
punishment is necessary; for instance,
where a boy defies the authority of teach
ers and principal and sets himself above
the law,* as he can do in many ways. ,
"As for truancy, that" is an open ques
tion just now. It depends on whether you
have the support' of the parents. It
doesn't do much good unless things are
I made uncomfortable for the boy at both
ends of the line. If his parents write, an
excuse when I know the boy has been
playing truant, whipping will not cure the
boy of truancy.
"As to whether teachers should be al
lowed to punish, I would say some should
and' some should not, -and it is hard to
draw the line. . It is necessary for the vice
principal -to have authority to punish
when he has charge of the boys in the
yard, otherwise they would not respect
his authority.
"No, indeed, I do not* believe corporal
punishment should be abolished. It was
tried here once and we had a terrible
time, and had to go back to it. Parents
do not want it abolished and I know of
no leaders in educational matters who
advocate I the abolishment of corporal
punishment. There are people who have
beautiful theories on the subject; but if
we can govern without corporal punish
ment, why not govern without Jails and
penitentiaries?
"In the discretion of the principal it
might be wise to give teachers author
ity to punish, and this is allowed in the
lower grades; but teachers as a rule do
not want the privilege. They prefer to
let the principal do the whipping.
"Host parents feel that while their chil
dren are in school they should be untier
the authority of teacher and principal.
That is right. The school should havi
absolute authority in its own province;
and by Its not having this power many
children are upon the street who should
be in school."
I do not think it would" be wise to
abolish corporal punishment. We would
have to substitute something else that
would not be of benetit to the child. The
choice is between suspension, expulsion
from school and corporal punishment. I
do not resort to suspension, as I do nnt
think it is efficacious. I believe children
should be kept in school, and corporal
punishment judiciously administered
serves to keep many boys from the" street.
"It is no pleasure to .any one to punish
a child, and I think parents should be
grateful to principals for not turning the
boy3 out of school when- they have tha
option of suspension and punishment.
"Cases of truancy I report to the par
ent, or. If necessary, to the truant oill
cer; but I sometimes punish for tardi
ness. There are many cases where par
ents ask us to punish the children; but
if they do not wish it. then we have lo
find some other way. i
; "I think corporal punishment is more
necessary among smaller children. Above
the sixth grade children have sense
enough to know what they come tj
school for. There are some little girU
that I think would be- beneflted by cor
poral punishment.
MRS. FRANCES A. BANNING,
Principal of Everett Grammar
School. • .
, "I believe boys should be whipped, but
not brutally whipped. It is not so much
the severity of the. whipping which does
good as the humiliation it causes. I look
back to a beMing I once got and have
never forgotten. I was whipped very
brutally, and Instead of looking up to
the man who did it, I only think he was
_a brute.
"It was a peculiar affair, as I 3ee it
now. The teacher had told each one of
us to write a letter at home and bring
it to school. When I read mine she said
it was not my own work; that I had had
help. I told her I had not, and she said
to me. 'You lie." Boylike, I said 'You
lie back.* She sent for the principal, wfio
is still in the department, and he gave
' me a. beating which I felt I deserved no
more than the teacher.
-' "I don't believe any good ever came
from beating a boy brutally; but for
those who prove incorrigible, there is no
doubt about the : necessity of corporal
punishment. I think this should be re
stricted to blows 'on / the hand with the
,} rattan or strap. If it is right to take a
boy and whip him uatil he is black and
blue, then it would 'be just as Tight to
go further than that, if. he does not be
have, and treat him still more brutally.
Whipping on the hand ' has the proper
moral effect and is not cruel."
_ MAYOR E. E. SCHMITZ.
"We have very little truancy, and we
leave that to the parent to correct. For
tardiness we have a stragglers" boos., and
it is accounted a lad thing to have one's
name in that book, U'ne three cases of
corporal punishment I have had to report
have been for rou,<,'h conduct in the yard.
It is hard for boja not to run and play
in the yard, but we try to make them
understand it is not because we do not
want them to have fun, but rather as a
matter of protection to them on account
or the limited space.
home with him until he works off his bad
marks.
"We make a strong point of obedience,
and the parents in this district co-operate
with us in every way. Some parents de
prive the children of privileges on Satur
day and Sunday if they do not show a
good report for the week. When partnts
propose to whip the chi.d at home I ad
vise against it, suggesting that they use
some of the many ways they have of
making the child feel tnat he has dona
wrong.
"There is very little corporal punishment
in the San Francisco schools. Seven to 900
cases In a year, with about 50,000 school
children, is not a bad showing."
"For girls the best punishment is sus
pension, and for most boys, but not every
boy. When a child is suspended he cannot
return to school until the father or mother
comes with him. This often means that
the father must' leave his business, which
annoys him a little.' and he hears the
truth about , the child's conduct in school.
ance caused by the offense, is better able
- to judge, whether the case warrants such
: punishment. Young teachers are more
. severe than old ones, and my opinion is.
. that women punish more than men.
Here are opinions gathered from people
interepted in school work. The principals
quoted represent every district from Tele
graph Hiil to Pacific Heights, from the
center of town to the Mission, covering
the various conditions which affect the
question of corporal punishment In tne
schools. »•*•
It is hinted that the rules in regard to
corporal punishment may be revised. It
is whispered that in the next revision the
Board of Education may consult with the
principals as to what methods would be
conducive of best results.
There are those who think it a cruel
-shame that the teacher is not allowed to
1-iUjieh; thut the only thing she can do Is
to send the child to the principal, who
may or may not believe in whipping. In
reply there are those who say that the
teacher against whom the offense is com
mitted is not the proper one to administer
punishment. ¦ ;
Whtn the matter is up to the principal
there comes the question of how far the
parent will support him. Some parents
say "Whip." others say "Hands off."
In a case where teacher can't, principal
don't and parent won't, what is to be
done?
Boys are doing ail these things to
day, and girls, too, for that matter. They
seem like little things to you, perhaps,
but tliut is because you are not a teacher
v.hose business it is to make a half-hun
dred or more restless, wriggling young
eurs sit_upj.ike little wopdenjma«ea and
ao notning "out study and recite.
Every oay of the year boys are being
whipped for doing these things. Now and
again or.e boy's whipping attracts par
•..culii.r Attention, and then people begin
to asK, tnould boys be whipped at school? '
Hy whom? How? Why?
These are big questions with many an
t rs. . . .
What did you do? Why, you shot notes
across the aisle, scraped your feet on the
floor, acted the clown when the teacher
wasn't looking and some othei- boy was;
you whispered and pinched your seat
mate or the boy in front ot you, you
i. .. a;ii-<-c marbits, made faces, told sto
ries, played "hockey." fought— in fact,
what didn't you do?
"Havin' fun" covers everything from
spitballs to staying away from school
with no one's permission, and no excuse
next day. You who were boys when you
were little and those of you who were
and not too goody-goody, just go
to the days when you kinked your
knees under those low desks with the
stiff, hard seats.
Ask any schoolboy why he gets whipped
at school and he will answer, "for havin'
fun."
Th<- rod has always had an honored
l.lace as a factor in school discipline. In
early days in San Francisco, as else
where, <t was usea without stint, without
fear, without favor. Then came a time
when it was not permitted to punish girls
by whipping. Then came a rule providing
that only principals or vice principals
shouid admihister corporal punishment.
This was followed by rules limiting the
tr.ethods of punishment to the use of rat
tan or strap, such punishment to be re
sorted to only in extreme cases, when all
other means fail. There is a special
ciause that no excessive, cruel or unusual
ptmistuaeat shall be allowed.
While all this has been taking place
boys have kept on being boys. Boys are
the sarr.e to-day, yesterday, forever.
there are from 7M to 900 boys
whipped during each school year in San
"ranripco.
f~y KOUI^D boys be whipped at school 1 .
V^^ The question always brings. out
C"j <i loud chorus of noes and ayes.
K^y But the ayes have it. and, accord
\ ing to Superintendent Webster.
SHOULD WHIPPING IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS
BE ABOLISHED?
THE SUNB^Y; GAlili.
13Between fights > was when we had the
hardest time. We had - to get along, with
any kind '' o£ amusement that we 'could
Bcare up, just to keep us .from; going
crazy. -We went hunting for deer. "Lieu
tenant Hitt ¦ made the" hit of the hunting
season. He's the chap we call "Shorty."
Six feet three'of him in his stocking feet—
that's a shorty for.you, isn't it? He has
Birthdays.
The children bora during the first day*
of this week will become leaders of ability
in military, naval and transportation
lines. The'' children bora the latter part
of the week should be successful in com
mercial pursuits. The children bora from
the hours of 2 to 8 a. m. will be most fa
vorably endowed. . • -."
March 23, Sunday— The children born
upon this day will be restless of disposi
tion and fond of travel. They will succeed
best In the employ of others. The girls
will not be very happy in marriage.
March 24, Monday— The children of to
day will be capable, clever and highly
successful. The boys should rise to high
positions and will be leaders among men.
The girls will contract brilliant marriage v
alliances. • *J
March 23. Tuesday— This is a fortunate
day, and the children born upon this date**
should be lucky in all of their under
takings. The boys will rise through their
own exertions. The girls will be talented
musicians and should become successful
teachers.
': March 2G. Wednesday— These children
will be quick of intellect and will do well
In the employ of large corporations and
In positions where accuracy and skill are
required. They will be extremely fond
of an arcument, "and some will becon»e
noted- speakers. Boys born near the mid
night hour will become prominent
lawyers.
~ March 27. Tuesday— The children born
upon this day will be, quick-witted, ener
getic and capable of filling any position
in life. Boys will do well in commercial
lines. Girls will be sunny of disposition
and will make happy and devoted wives.
March 28. Friday— The children born up
on this day will be reckless and will often
suffer through their own generosity. They
should be taught to exercise will power
and discretion. The girls may marry se
vere and exacting husbands and will not
be happy in domestic careers.
. March; 29. Saturday — These children will
be ambitious, active and fortunate. They
will hold responsible positions. Some of
the. boys will become Government officials,
although others should be gifted invent
ors and chemists. ; The girls will marry
well and be happy in their lives.
Births.
March 23, Sunday— Those whose birth
day falls upon th/s day will experience a
year full of eventful happenings. Some
month of the year' should bring unexpect
ed good fortune. There may be losses for
some through unwise speculation.
March 24, Sunday— Those who celebrate
the anniversary of their birth upon thi3
day should attend closely to their busi
ness affairs during the coming year, and
those in employ should exercise efforts if
they wish to retain their present posi
tions. All should beware of quarreling
and of recourse to law.
March 25, Tuesday— This should be a
quiet but successful year in business and
domestic affairs for all who celebrate
their birthday to-day. Young people 1*111
court and marry.
March 26. Wednesday— This will not be
a very fortunate year for those whos«
natal anniversary falls upon this day.
There may be busines difficulties and an
noyances, augmented by worry. Younff
women will experience love affairs.
March 27, Thursday— Risks should b«
avoided by all whose birthday falls upon
this day. Those engaged In legitimate
business should prosper, but schemers
will find little success. Thoso who follow
professional careers should meet with
public favor during the coming twelve
months.
March 28, Friday— Those whose birthday
falls upon this date should find their Ufa
full of unlooked for changes duringr'lhe
next year. There will be changes of busi
ness and occupation and changes In the
family circle. There will be disappoint
ment in love for some. •
March 29, Saturday— This should be a
fortunate year for those who celebrate
their birthday to-day. All should prosper
and save money. Those In employ should
receive promotion.
11. The close of the market will be with
a very changeable aspect.
These negretos are the very lowest of
oil the Filipinos. You know there are
three ranks among them. To be a Tag«x
log is to be dead swell. They are the o«ily
ones that have any education. Then
there are the Head Hunters. They are
a fierce ]pt, all right. Gee. but they can
fight. And the poor negretos are the low
est of all. They haven't any kind of ?du
cation, not even a Filipino one, and they
live in any kind of a shack that they
can throw together, and they don't wear
much more than a ruffle and a pompa
dour—you ought to see their pompadours.
They have woolly kind of hair that they
ptll straight, up in the air and it stands
ui» like a bush ou top of their heads. I
Down at Baler we were- stationed right
out among the negretos. and they were
a I' the society we hi*l except bullets for
all that time It couldn't exactly oe
called high life to liv/? among the negre
tos. Gee! You ought to see them. They
are the worst ever. "No. I won't exactly
say that, because they, were good fellows
to us. all right, all right. I had a little
sweetheart among them— I'll* teil you
about her after a while. > x \\
As for food, we were v.'eli enough off—
that is, as the army goes. We had noth
ing to complain of in regard to rations.
We couldn't cat any of tne Filipino food.
You ought to see it— they eat a kind of
potato that seems to be made of' ropes
twisted together. And the messes they
mix. A civilized man can't get along en
any such chow as that. And. thank
goodness, v.-e didn't have to try it. We
got our rations regularly enough and they
were about all the comfort we had. And
even then a man will remember his wife's
biscuit and his mother's pies and his
grandmother's doughnuts once in a while.
It don't do any good to remember these
things, though, and after all it may be a
good thing to do without them for a
while. You enjoy them all the better
when you get back to them.
Company H (my company) of the Twen
;y-s<?cond Regiment, was sent down there
for the purpose of attending to whatever
there was doing. When we went we didn't
know what we v, r ere in for, of course. A
man never does know in this - business.
Maybe we wouldn't have been eo smart
about it if we had realized what It meant.
How would you like that? You fellows
that have been, in San Francisco with
pretty girls flying around as thick as
Filipino bullets— what do you think of
that? Fourteen months without a sight
of one of them. 1 guess San Francisco
looked pretty nice to me when T got
back. After fourteen months' like those a
fellow could put in fourteen more just
rubbering at the girls here. He'd think
an old ladies' home was worth flirting
v.ith.
Five months without mail and fourteen
months without the sight of a white wo
man.
Fourteen months — you can't realize
what it means unless you happen to have
been sent up to San Quentin at some time
in your life. No, you can't realize it even
then. You had pretty good cooking
there— not that I ever tried it. nor ' you
cither— and you could see people from
outside, perhaps, and get letters. What
do you think we had to stand?
You can't think of it. You can't real
ize what it means to a lot of homesick
fellows. The times we were fighting were
the only periods of relief that we had.
A fellow just wants to get right into the
thick of it. It gives him something that
he has to think about and it helps him
to forget the people at home and the din
ners that he used to have and the canned
stuff that he has now.
We looked forward to a tight like hun
gry men to a meal.
Fourteen months— think of that!
We had a pretty lonesome time in Ba
ler, I can tell you that. It's the most re
mote point in the islands. It lies on the
eastern coast of Luzon, miles from any
thing Uke civilization, end we were sta
tioned there for fourteen months.
*jt jr Y experiences at Baler you
/A/I want to know about? Oh. say.
I V I 1 didn't have any experiences.
I We just fought a little, that's
all— that is. my men did. I tell
you wbat. they're a good lot. When a
private comes to a man and says. "Let
me so first, captain"— well, that's the
kind of a thins that a man never for
gets. That's the kind of stuff that Com
pany H is made of.
I tell you I promoted those men as fast
es I got a chance and . as far, I made
sergeants of- the lot of thim— promoted
them for bravery, and they deserved It if
ever men did. ' That's the kind of stuff
we have in Company H f . •. * ••-. ..;>
And our men licked them. What do you
think'of that? Licked them. Five against
twenty, and they licked them.
1 guess they kept those men of ours
dancing line hens on a hot gridiro^ Think
of feeling bullets popping up all-around
you as thick as corn in the popper. Be-,
sides that,, they were coming in from aa
sides. .
Rather a new /kind of warfare! wasn't
It? There aren't many fights carried on
through the floor. But it was a corking
chance for the Filipinos and, they made
the most of it.
All of a sudden they were very much
taken by surprise. A snap and a crash
and— gee, if those Filipinos hadn't crawled
under the house into the cellar, and they
were shooting up through the. floor.
The Filipinos kept up the hottest kine!
of fight, potting away through the frons
of the house, the baok of it, the doors and
the windows— any place they could find
to shcot through. Our men kept on the
same way and they must have been - still
hotter about it, for they didn't fall, not
a man of them.
Those twenty Filipinos had crackerjack;
of weapons. They, were armed to the
teeth with Mausers and Krag Jorgensen?
and our fellows weren't a patch on them
in the way of equipment. But that never
feazed the men of H. They weren't' tha.
kind.
' And they did fight. I tell you what.
H is proud of those men. The Filipinos
were armed like white men and they had
the deviltry of Filipinos, and it's a deadly
combination. Captain Lucio Nocom,' - a
dangerous leader, . had brought them U-
Casiguran. It was 10:30 at night and the
fighting was under difficulties.
I'll tell you what those men of H did
They saw twenty Filipinos advancing
when they were just five strong, counting •
the civilian, and. they' decided to hold that
house and stick it out against them. It
was twenty to five, that means four to
one, and they never. thought twice about
It, but went ahead to fight.
These four fellows were Corporal Elmer
Llntz and the three privates. John H.
Breckinridge. George A. Mason and Jame.-=
Blee Jr. Freeman Hoy, a civilian, was
v.'ith them. They were occupying an
empty house at Casiguran. It was an
ordinary Filipino house of the better kind,
pretty well built as they go. I tell you
the ones we had to live in at Baler
weren't well built, though. They were
the shacks of the negretos, and they Hvf
in any old thing, as I said.
So were all those wretched Tagalogs.
with their good rifles. They keep at it
when they once start in to light. But
there was one time when twenty of them
could'nt hold out against four of our
Company H men, and they got good and
plenty of what they needed before our fel •
lows v.-ere through with them.
He didn't do a thing but walk over t<>
the fighting Filipinos after we thought we
could trust him. And he was a corker ,
of a fighter, too.
Nut Gai was the chief oftheHeadHunt
ers. He not to be a great friend of ours—
the old sinner. Oh. great friends w«
thought we were until we found out :>
thing or two about him.
Modesto was another of those chaps - '
liked. I had him for my' valet. But Nut
Gai isn't the friend of this company any
more.
W-ell, those negretos were my friend ¦
They don't know enough to fight. They'j
a harmless lot of people, all right. O":c
Pilaway got to be quite a chum of mine
You ought to see him — little bit of R
sawed-off fellow, with a bunch of whis
kers and a bunch of hair. He couldn't
learn English to talk to me in, so I had
to learn negreto. It's a pretty queer mix :
ture of Tagalog and Spanish and mos'
everything else. I guess my Spanish i
corrupted past help now, after the tlm
I spent at Santiago de Cuba— "Cooba."
they call it—and mixing up with those
Filipinos. I don't know what I am try
ing to talk sometimes, my languages git
mixed up so.
tell you thev are a lot of warm babi:
when it comes to dress. Well, I guess the.
have pretty good judgment about it. to
You'd thmk so if you saw the clima'.c
Gee!
/?=0 APTAIXT GSOBXJE. DETCHE-
u LIEKDY of the Twenty-second
Infantry of the glorious army
of Ur.cle Sam has been creating a stir.
The beginning of the stir was his
3eported demand for a brigadier-gen-
eralchip as a reward for the capture
of Aguinaido. The end of it is his
resignation from the nrmy.
For fourteen months he was sta-
tioned at Baler, which is an isolated
point on the eastern coast of Luzou.
It is the most remote point on the
iisland. During bis stay at this point
ho had an engagement with some of
Aguinaldo's nen wHch lad to the-
giving up of a letter from Aguinaido
This in turn led to the great general's
capture, and Detchemendy lays claim
to the glory cf the capture. N
The captain has been in Uncle SanVs^
array for more than a score of years.
During that time he has served at
Aicatraz and Angel Island, has been
stationed at San Francisco, and net
seen nctivc service in Cuba and th
Philippines. He is'a'fighter and r
joker and thoso two things mafce his
men sr.y:
"He's a great captain, all right."
He is p. strapping big fellow, wit
a laugh as big as himself' He it
dark as ?. Filipino now, and wher
he laughs a tremendbus gleam of
white teeth shows in his brown fac
He is entirely ready to tell the f eatr
and achievements of the men of
Company H, but he is equally ret
cent about blowing the trumpet e<
Company H's capt3in. He has ;-1
ways let thr.t trumpet blow itself. H.
enlisted twenty-five years ago as -
private and worked out of the ranl:;
to the point where he is now.,
"He's a great captain, all right "
say the men .
||| M4N WHO' WOUND I
rm USTTSR. TW"
.BROUGHT $3OUT THE-
Cfl.FTURE ©^
Speculation should' open fair, but should
go down Immediately with a reaction be
tween 10 and 11 In some stocks. Sugar and
cereals best between 11 and 12 m.
March 25, Tuesday— This is a good day
upon which to selL Buyers should be ex
tremely judicious to-day. This is a lucky
day for. traveling and for the granting of
favors. .
Market opens changeable, up and down,
with some decided drops at 11 to 12 and a
sudden rise at 1 p. m.
March 26. Wednesday— There. should be
an increased •demand* for* the necessities
of life upon this date. Sell, for good
prices should be realized. Business af
fairs should be pushed to-day.
.Market opens down, but should rise im
mediately. Railroad and metals should be
up between 10 and; 11;' stocks at 12: sugar
and grain f ronTl2 to 1 p. m.
March 27, Thursday— New enterprises
and. Inventions should be promoted to
day. Trading shoild be fairly good but
quiet.
. Market opens with stocks up from 9 to
10. * Sugar /and . grain changeable from 10
to 12. Stocks drop from 12 to 1 p m. •¦
'" March 28, : Friday— This should prove to
be a -fortunate day for large corporations
and big deals should be consummated up
on'this date. ¦.
Stocks should be quite changeable at tha
opening of the market to-day, but should
rise ; from 10 to 11. Metals ; should rise
from 11 to 12. and stocks may go up a
few points from 12 to 1 p. m.
March 29. Saturday— The unexpected
¦will happen: upon# this day, and caution
should be exercised In the transaction of
all business affairs. The, early hours of
the day are the most propitious ones.'
Market opens undecided, but stocks will
go up before 10. Grain and sugar rise at
ing of legal documents.
' March 24, Monday— Care should be ex
ercised in the of all business
affairs during the forenoon of this day.
From 3 to 4 p. m. is a lucky hour for the
transference of property and for the sign-
Business.
March 23, Sunday— Important letters
should 'not be written to-day, and all
business shouldbe deferred until the mor
row.
Marriage.
Conditions that govern matrimony are
most unfavorable. Wedded Infelicity and
• divorce will menace those who marry dur
ing this week.
The weather, will be cold and rainy.
There will be danger from high winds, on
the water, on the 23d and 24th. A storm
will sweep over . the Southern States.
Texas and- New Mexico being especially
affected.
of depression.
fT"* HE week beginning on Sunday,
I .- March 22, will be ruled by Mars, and
I this influence in conjunction with
"\ J[. the Sun and Saturn, will produce
trouble -and strife. There will be
unusual excitement, in labor circles. La
borers will demand less working lime, if
not more money, and there will be spir
ited arguments. In some places military
protection may 'be called.
Business will progress, but a high ten
sion will predominate in the commercial
world.
Speculation should be wild. Big deals
may be looked for In stocks. Cereals
should also feel the action to some extent,
but railroad, cable telegraph and trans
portation company stocks will make the
gr=3 test range.
Health conditions are "good. Mentalities
should be stimulated, to the elimination
THE' SECRETS OF THE STARS.
• I didn't know that the matter was seri
ous, though, until old Nut Gai came to tell
me about her. By jingo! if the old fel
low didn't come to explain to me
what a good worker she was!
¦ "Can work," he said emphatically, and
, I went over to see Ta Inga and I played
her "Aguinaldo's March," and I won her
in the first bar. Maybe you think she
was easy; but you wait till you hear me
play that march on my cocoanut mando
lin. )
Ta Inga was my sweetheart. I won
her with a mandolin serenade. That man
dolin of mine is a beauty. I had it made
over there. The head of it 13 a polished
cocoanut— prettiest wood you ever saw:
park . as black walnut and veined with
white. It plays all right, too. •
Sometimes the natives used to come over
to the camp and give us a bolo dance
io jolly us up. That bolo dance is a
peacherino. It's a wild one. They sing
and kick and act like madmen let loose
fr.om an insane asylum.
That wasn't the f wildest game we came
upon, though — not much it wasn't. What
do you think of a fifteen-foot crocodile
just .by way of variety? We saw one, all
right. l He stuck his big head up out of
the water in the identical spot where
Billy Shunk used to go swimming. It was
a favorite pool of Billy's. He had given
up his Wimming habit, unfortunately for
the .crocodile, before this time, and no
body ever cared to try bathing In the
place after that, you can bet your life.
Well, he went out fishing. We used to
'"row around in little boats. He went to
catch fish and he brought back a deer—
what do you think of that? A deer, three
miles from shore. The current had car-
ried him out and the lieutenant carried
him back, so the deer played in hard luck,
but we had venison for dinner, all right,
all right.
thought she was just about the bon ton
when she sported that tomato can.
Another time that we got busy we cap
tured Major Alhambra. He was in
charge of the bodyguard of Aguinaldo—
"Aggie," as our soldiers called him, or
"Emeello," as the Filipinos have It. It
v_was on the 14th of September that we
did it while we were at Casiguran, on the
-plenty of trouble with the army. cot. let
me tell you. When he puts his head in
the right place on his pillow his toes poke
- out at the other end, and when he draws
them indoors his head bumps against the
canvas.
lifted and hauled and dug to show me.
/Ta Inga got hold of an empty tomato
can that was lying around the camp, and
she thought it was the greatest thing
ever. She punched a h^ in it and tied
il t0 her arm for an ornament. She
coast of Isabella.
I got word by means of some friendly
natives that Alhambra was there. He was
making it his headquarters. You see. It
had been thought that he was killed at
Palanan while he was trying to escape;
but this was a mistake. When he made
for the river he was wounded, and every
body thought that wound finished hlm.
But It seems that he had escaped all
whole, had gathered up the scattered
bodyguard that belonged to Aggie and
taken them from their hiding places In
the mountains back to Casiguran, where
they could be mighty comfortable, as
they supposed. But we made it a little
warmer for them than they ever count
ed on.
"When we heard that he was there we
got a vessel stopping at Baler and char
tered it to take us to Casiguran.
¦ We landed below the town and sur
rounded the place. Alhambra never sus
pected that we were after him until we
came down on that town like a good lft—
tie army. Alhambra had to give up, and
so did his captain, two lieutenants, twen
ty-eight men and thirty-five rifles. We
got the bunch of them, had the arms turn
ed ovef, 'administered the oath of allegi
ance to the men and took the officers as
prisoners of war to Baler.
These things and more of them are all
right to remember, now they are over;
but I can tell you that Company H is
mighty glad to be back once more. San
Francisco's a big sight better than Baler.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
14
EXPERIENCES AT BALER. The elbow sleeve, though It is pretty
for dinner and evening, is, a matter of dis
pute for street wear. For this time. of
year there Is no argument,, but even in
August there are those who do. not fancy
it. At the same time it must be men
tioned that there are many who do admire
it and who like to wear it.
. Last, summer on Fifth avenue and, on
Broadway, in New York," In Bond -street,'
London, and on the Rue de la Paix, Paris,
one- saw in the mlddle/'of the day, walk
ing and shopping; hundreds of elegantly
gowned, women ..wearing, sleeves that did
not come below the elbow, without gloves
and carrying, parasols. They sauntered
through the crowded., thoroughfares as
unconcernedly as though they were ; not
doing that which would, a few years ago,
have been thought decidedly immodest.
\ For.ISaster.the elbow, sleeve will not be
worn : for the street without the ! under-
sleeve. Even the long glove will not sup
ply the; place of the sleeve and "to the
wrist"';. will be the cry for several months
,to come. ¦• ' .'-¦ •; ? '-. . ¦ ' • v ' ¦ ' ¦ -
Put a word must be said in. passing for
the- pretty -shirt waists that are sold with
sleeves at. elbow length. They are exquls-
If you would- dress exactly like the 400
here "is a shirt waist that was completed
no longer ago than yesterday arid sent
home for a'very quiet Sunday afternoon
Lenten recital. . - ¦
The modiste who niade it, and who
charged well for her work, began with a
heavy, handsome shirt waist of heliotrope
moire. It whs made with< tucks turning
toward the . shoulder, at each side of the
front, away, from the buttons 1 and out In
a manner,:, tp 'broaden t the shoulders.
Though a. high-priced waist, from one of
the most expensive shops, it was untrim
med except with the 'tucks, which were
released at the bust line, leaving the
lower' part plain.
The -evolution of this shirt waist she
shall tellin her ownwords:
. showy a trimming as can be applied to a
waist. Upon any skirt it is decidedly dis
tinguished.
A spring trimming that is even cheaper
is the band of panne silk or velvet and it
is really difficult to" distinguish between
these, two materials at a short distance.
s Bands are applied to lace In such a way
"that the-lacc* projects at each side to form
an. edge. This very handsome trimming
'.can head, the graduated flounce upon the
skirt, or it} can bo .used to form a yoke
upon the hlps.jor it can make a waist
yoke or it can be crossed upon the bust
with the ends pointing toward the shoul
der seams;
Stitched bands are just as fashionable
as they were, but at . this season, when
new /styles 'ire blossoming forth, the
stitched band is overshadowed by the ele
»gunce and popularity of the lace and vel
vet trimmings/
A* High-Toned Waist.
The Short Sleeve.
Regarding the short sleeve of summer,
about which so many correspondents
have asked, it. is perfectly safe to predict
that the short sleeve will be. seen later,
but not for many'.months to come. .
The sleeves of the shirt waist, being
long and pretty, afford undersleeves for
the Eton and supply the length desired.
Miss Daisy Leiter wore a chiffon one
dotted with black velvet dots, like veiling,
ever a tan-colored . silk foundation,' , the
whole pulled down baggily around the
waist, under a very trim tan, cloth Eton
buttoned in the back. ..' '..'.. ..
Having made over your waist this far,
take it and cut it off above the waist,
halfway between the belt and the arm
holes, to make of it a little modernized
Eton, buttoned in the back, the very
newest thing in dressmaking.
With this you will want to wear a very
handsome little needl.ework shirtwaist, or
a silk waist, or a chiffon affair. . Let tho
shirt waist be governed by your taste and
the general style of the gown..
Rip open the waist down the back and
supply invisible hooks and eyes.. Or put
on a band of tucking boldly supplied with
tuttons and button-holes. ¦. ¦
line of trimming from the chin to the belt
—the line that gives the waist a mature
look. A lace panel could be' used down
the front.
All of these thin goods require fine
linings, but it has come to such a state
of perfection in dress that^all linings are
fine and it costs no more, or vecy little
mure, to get a pretty lining with a silk
or a satin finish than a coarse one In gray
or brown.
All daintily constructed women love nice
linings and the spring lining fabrics cater
to this taste very thoroughly. There are
flowered lining silk?, only partly silk, that
lire beautiful and strong.
The Easter church dress has many
quaint features. It has come to a pass
when one cannot make up one's material
and rest content. There is no such thins
as a restful certainty in. styles and you
must be always on the lookout, or you
will get left in the matters that mark
you as a woman of taste. The self-stock,
or a stock of the same goods, Is one* of
the noticeable things.
The very newest note, one just sounded
from the very fashionable dressmaking
The Lining Question.
The Easter church gown may with all
.propriety this year be a silk dress. There
was once a time when the only approved
church gown was a silk, black, brown,
peacock blue or olive, and to have a silK
dress for church was a necessity with the
well-meaning woman. Then for a time
silk went out,- except for dress occasions,
and cloth reigned. It came back again,
gradually at first, but now it enjoys full
favor. *
The mercerized materials paved the way
for silk. . For the past two seasons you
have scarcely been able to distinguish
mercerization from the actual product of
the silk worm, and the imitation silk
gown and the mercerized separate waist
were seen everywhere.
But now it is all silk, the moire, the
taffeta, the gros grain, the corded and
the ottoman, nearly all revivals; and
there are also the novelty silks, the
pacne. the miroir, the changeables called
by many fancy names, and the lovely lib
erty finishes.
Xot a few of these have durability to
recommend them and the matter of wear
seems to be largely also of price. By pay
ing a little more you get a silk that will
wear a little longer. The flowered silks,
the empires and the Louisines well de
serve their place at the head of the list.
But, ronning a close rivalry to theoo
silks and satins, there come the diaphan
ous goods. These ' are not necessarily
nets and chiffons and the materials
which we know as the X-ray goods, but
they are the new veilings that are as
cheer as lawn, though very deep and rich
in color, and the fine canvas cloths and
the open mesh madras.
There are also the thin cloths which
are called panne cloths, and there is a
new, soft cloth with a velvet. finish that
looks precisely like velvet, yet is as thin
as veiling itself. Cashmere comes this
year, too, in a transparent Quality, or, if
not transparent, it is yet so thin that you
can see the outline of your hand
through it.
The Silk Gown.
And from what bewilderments of beauty
she can choose this year! How thought
fully and studiously she can walk the
aisles of the stores and look, and with
what deliberation can she make her selec
tion.
On each side of her she will see brocad
ed stuffs, figured silks, flowered satins,
cloths with roses in them." cottons with
sprigs scattered over their surfaces, mer
cerized materials of all sorts with little
wreaths upon their face, and, more than
all, the splendid assortment of Louisine
silks. ' " '
Accustomed as she is to the plain silks
and the smooth-faced woman's cloths and
cashmeres, the flowered and brocaded
goods will dismay her. But If she will
study them she will see how they can
be turned to her benefit rather than to
her undoing.
The pattern goods will also tempt her,
but these come in more high priced ma
terials and she may not care to buy. But
there is this about a pattern dress— and
always this— that it needs no other trim
ming than is provided for it in its bor
der, and that, coming only in the high
priced goods, it carries a prestige with iL
The pattern frock has an elegant look,
an indescribable something that is very
attractive. And the pattern goods of this
season, coming in cashmeres, cloths, bro
cades and moires, offer such a variety of
choice that almost any occasion can be
subserved.
clothing.
Variety of Goods.
*t OW Christlanlike in spirit we feel
I \ when we are well dressed!
{" 1 Miss Frances Willard once re
<A^ > / marked that fresh clothing y had
to her a moral tone that brought
renewal of grace, spirit and religion- If
dear Miss Willard felt the beneficent ef
fect* of good clothes, who can afford to
withstand their pious influences?
A certain woman reformer who has not
yet passed into history declares that she
feels more courage to face an audience
when she wears a gown that Is all that
It should be— more confident of success. .
To wear a gown that is all that it
should be Is the right of every woman at
Eastertide. It Is the custom of her lani
to blossom out in a new gewn during the
Eastern moon and both persistently and
gladly should she claim it.
The Easter church gown is a distinct
factor in the worship of the American
woman, and, while she Js giving thanks
for good things, an added note will sure
ly be given her praise If, to her mur
mured words of gratitude, she can offer
one for the material benefits of good
How to buy it, how to cut it
out, how to niake it, what to
line it -with and how to wear
it — Smart little dssigns for the
woman who likes to rejoice at
Eastertide in a gown as new
as the budding leaves upon the
trees — Queen Alexandra's best
dress and the frocks in which
titled American wome^. are
doing their coronation shop
ping — Easter sleeves and East
er skirts.
This much Is certain, thit it Is gown
time. Whatever you buy, buy something,
for the Eastertide is the tido of new
clothes; and, unhappily, unwise the one
who does not blossom out just a little
with the trees. • ,- "
Crepe de sole, crepe de chine and crepe
do Paris are three of the materials that
lend themselves nicely to the dotting pro
cess and that make up effectively into
soft shirt fronts or into whole shirt waists
to be j worn under the cloth Jacket, so
as to peep out in the front, or around
the bottom of the jacket.iJSH
It is the most up-to-date, thing In the "
world to match the spots on tha veil to
the gown, but few there be with the in
dustry to do so, for one must apply these
dots by hand.
As to the dotted veil it. is now raised
to a pinnacle of perfection which might be
called, an art.' Its dots are numerous and
large, but they are located upon a very
thin mesh, and they are placed at Inter
vals, which render it possible to avoid
the placing of a spot upon the tip of th*
nose, or on the pupil of either eye.
Crescents In white velvet are very fash
ionable upon the * very thin mesh veils,
and so are hollow circles in black velvet
ani in tan velvet and in royal blue.
.The under sleeves are treated In th*'*
same dotted way and the dot craze has
penetrated the smart little cutaway coat
which is part of the suit, whose lapels
and deep sailor collars are well speckled
with medium sized black velvet dots. In
the figured goods one sees beautiful black
velvet dots on a taffeta ground.
Queen Alexandra has a new gown made
of gray broadcloth. The graduated flounco
is trimmed around the bottom, with data
the size of dollars, and dots just as largo
outline the yoke, which is lace covered.
The lace looks something like the Irish
crochet lace, but it has applications of
small black. dots upon It
The Queen's Trimmings.
Dots the size of quarters are set above
flounces, and dots as big ' as dimes art
arranged in pyramid form around the
skirt, the point of the pyramid extending
up "well toward the belt. Yokes are out
lined with dots, while the same decora
tions in a smaller size make the yoke it
self, and dot trimmings are used upon the
baggy lower parts of the sleeves.
Alt these dots grew from the French
knot, which is a tiny black silk dot.
made by cunning workmanship, until now
the dot. in its full grown size is as big as
a silver dollar. . ¦
Edged with lace is this dot, or applied
with button hole stitching. Or it is bor
dered with a circle of velvet of a different
color, the circle being made by applying
one dot over the other, a black velvet one
upon a larger one of tan; or a white vel
vet dot upon a larger one of black, and
the whole set upon a little circular pat
tern of lace.
The black" dot is playing its part, and
an important one in the trimming for the
yea,r. In London, where they are all shop
ping for the, coronation, the black dotted
gown is the rule. It is not the polka dot,
but the dot of commerce, the black vel
vet dot, the brown velvet dot and tha
one of blue and tan.
The velvet is bordered with a very
deep button hole stitching" in gray silk.
Over the gray silk there is a button hole
stitching in white silk, the two stitchings
making a trimming of their own. Velvet
and button hole stitching and velvet and
cat stitching are fashionable companions.
Bands and Dots.
The trimming of this flounce is confined
to a' three-inch heading of gray velvet,
for the skirt is gray, put on in broken
lengths, with the velvet crossed at each
of the broken ends. Above this there are
lozenges of velvet as big around as - sil
ver dollars. ¦
Under this* flounce there is a plaiting
of taffeta exactly the length of the out
side skirt, and under this there is a drop
skirt fa'line; from the belt.
Around the foot of this handsome street
suit, for a street suit it is, there Is a
deep flojunce that is of graduated width.
Its front is ten inches deep; its back full
eighteen.
This flounce is tucked in little clusters
of three at the head, bu* the tucks es
cape to help, make the foot flare, which
must be as pronounced as possible.
The back has a long sweep that, while
It gives height, al3o gives the wearer no
end of trouble. It is so long that not for
an instant can it be allowed to sweep a
public place of meeting, such as church
or theater, much less the street.
An Easter church suit shows a skirt
that is actually of reception length. It
lies upon the floor in front to a length
of certainly three inches.
If she prefers she can have the box
plait in evidence and wear it boldly at
her back to give her a little more grace
and not to define her figure so sharply.
It is all a matter of taste with her, for
both styles are correct. The plait is
usually stitched flat nearly a foot down
the back.
But in working on the gown around
thei foot of the skirt there comes an op
portunity for study.
Shirts show the same perplexing uncer
tainty that characterizes waists and par
ticularly the sleeves thereof. • Fortu
nately for the woman who is making up
a skirt which is to wear her all the spring
—and do duty again next fall as a sec
ond best— all the variety seems to be
found around the- foot of the skirt and
she can pin her faith to the plain tight
fitting top with the same inverted box
plait at the back.
¦• m The Skirt Question.
""Was it a great deal of work? No. to
the contrary, It was very quickly and
easily done, for the only workmanship
required was in the application of the
lace strips, a thing any half-skilled ap
prentice could do, and the careful selec
tion of the flowers and the making of the
little French knots.
"The result was remarkably good and
a waist was produced that was every whit
as elegant as many an imported creation
that is sold for $75. whereas the cost was
a very small fraction of that sum. But
remember"that the first step was <he buy
ing of a handsome shirt waist."
'.'The waist now presented the appear
ance of being a heliotrope moire tucked
across the yoke. Below the yoke it was
very French in design, consisting of al
ternate bands of silk and lace; three
inches wide."
"As a final touch I embroidered stems
upon the flowers *<n green and sprinkled
black French knot3 in black silk through
the lace strips.
Story of a Waist:
"The third step in the treatment was
the cutting' away of. the silk underneath
the lace . strips.
"Taking the waist." said she. "I ap
plied bands of filet lace to it from th»
point where the tucks terminated to tha
belt. It took lace three inches wide and
I left a three-inch apace .between the
bands of lace. The application of laco
was put on with a button-hole stitch
around the border of the lace to mako
it perfectly firm.
"My second step was the sewing on of
small purple velvet pansies to the lace,
one pansy set below the other, three
Inches apart. All the strips of lace were
appliqued with these little pansy flowers.'
Itely finished and supplied with frills and
laces that fall nearly to the wrist. They
are for the most part cut in pagoda and
bell shapes, so that the arm is displayed
-from the elbow down.
¦ m \The trimming for the Easter gown
opens up a field for perplexing thought.
A great variety offers itself, all in pretty
styles, though not all novel by any means.
The appliqued flowers of lace suggest
themselves first because they are dressy
and not difficult to obtain or to put on.
Then comes the option of embroidery, but
this is not within reach of all.
There are handsome trimmings, In the
shape of laces, run . with velvet ribbons
ho wider than a 'cord, the lace wide and
heavy. These are beautiful, but they are
somewhat -expensive and the Easter
church gown may be now under way and
built upon line's that will not permit the
adding of a trimming whose price is dol
lars a yard, instead of half dollars. ;
. As a compromise, between the very
cheap trimmings and the very expensive
ones, there is the French velvet decora
tion, than which nothing prettier has been
found. It consists of bands of .black vel
r vet ribbon fastened together with an open
stitch. The bands may be any width; an
¦ effective . trimming is two inches wide.
..Three bands joined with 'an open stitch
and twisted to form a design make as
Over the front, which has been stitched
up, set a few tucks, or press the seam
very flat so that it does riot look like a
seam. The object is to avoid the straight
If you are making an old gown, sew it
up in the front and open it down the
back. It may not be a popular style with
you or your family, for the difficulties at
tending this kind of dress are obvious to
every woman who does, not keep a maid.
But it will give you a youthful air and
that is what you must have. It will also
give you a fashionable this-season look.
The Made-Over Gown
When you have applied this wide band
of %-elvet let there be a frill of lace put
en relcw it. The lace frill sV.ould be ore
of the spring laces, not a fine <=oft lace,
but an assertive lace with decided p-*t-'
ten., a lace that seems more like a fab
ric than a film. ¦ :
Ci't off your sleeves sit the elboW and
finish them with a band of velvet of the
same color as your gown. Do not match
the shade quite, but have it just suffi
cient lv different to afford a contrast. This
niAkes a trimming.
wtablishments, is to the effect that elbow
sleeves will be the proper thing. 'Go.
then, if you are making a cloth gown and
cut it off at the elbows. Save a little of
the material, if you will, for- another pair
of sleever, lest the styles change before
the gown is worn around the hem, but
just now you must be in the mode.
15
THE ?SVSDAY.; CALI/,;
EASTER SUNDAY
CHURCH GOWSTHE SUNDAY GALL.
16" SYDNEY, N. S. \V\, March 23.— His
Majesty's Theater; was much: damaged by
fire "last night,'.' the interior, being de
stroyed. ; The properties • and . scenery of
"Ben Hur," valued* at; .£1-1,000,; were lost.
There ,was practically, no, Insurance on the
property destroyed
"Ben Hur"; Scenery Burned.
BAXGOR, Maine. March 22.— Some Ume
last night a boom at Nowas Island, near
Lincoln, containing 5,000,000 feet of logs,
owned by the Katahdin Pulp and Paper
Company of Lincoln and the Jordan Lum
ber Company of Old Town was carried
away by ice from the Mattawamkeag
and the West Branch, and the logs have
begun to run past Bang-or to the sea.
The loss are worth about $75,003.
Big Boom Breaks Away.
. In ,* Atlantic , City • several }l shotsVwere
flredtjby'the'crowd r which attacked : a car.
Two of 'the, rioters 'were arrested there."
NORFOLK, . Va., March 22.— Riotous
disturbances^ by/ sympathizers !;*wlth ; the
striking street railway; men were resumed
here [ and j at t Atlantic Clty_ to-night. Three
"cars ; were raided by strike sympathizers,
who .^droVe ;the" passengers ;'out, .severely
beat 7 the *' rion-unioh I, trainmen U and '- then
rah Vthe cars into .the' suburbs, where" they
were; disabled^ arid : : abandoned.?; , . 1. -
STRIKERS AT NORFOLK
¦ ATTACK STREETCAP.S
Everything indicates that a death strug
gle had taken place. It is generally* be
lieved that he was whipped to death, and
all evidence goes to show • that . such was.
th© case, but who. his assailants: were or
why they killed him' is not known. ¦-
HIGBEE, Mo., March 22.— The dead
body of Oliver 'Wright, a negro, was
found here to-day. His back and arms
wer© covered with scars and bruises, and
his clothing- was torn to 3hreds and scat
tered for a hundred feet along the road.
Is No Clew to His Mur
. derers.
Body of Man Is Found, but There
NEGRO IS WHIPPED
- - TO DEATH ON A /ROAD
THE HAGUE. March , 22.— The Govern
ment J of • The Netherlands has submitted
to the States General a telegraphic con
vention .with : Germany providing- for a
joint subsidy for cables to '• the Dutch
colonies tn^the. 1 Far. East. It . is propose^
to connect the" islands . of Menado and
Celebes , (In the Indies) with the
American - Philippine : cable," which would
be connected with Shanghai. The im
portance of the convention lies in th© fact
that; communication will thereby be Es
tablished with -Europe, via America. , via
cables to 'svarlous nationalities.
New Cables, for the Far East.
The credit for saving the lives of th«
captain and crew Is due to Captain Coley
of the wrecking tug Merrltt, of this city.
In order to get at the men the Merrltt
towed the members of the life-saving
crew . to : the windward of the wrecked
steamer^ and let go. the storm driving
them in'the way of the vessel. Twelve of
the crew were then taken off and towed
to the Merrltt. This was done the sec
ond time, the. boat being almost swamped
beneatn tho waves, and finally the re
maining members were saved. There the
Spaniards, not having eaten or drunk for
focr. nights and three days, were gtven -
f ood and water and warm dothins. AH
were nearly, frozen and half dead from tx-
NORFOLK. Va.. March 22.— Captain
Guarey and the crew of twenty-three
men of the Spanish steamer Ea, -which
stranded and went to pieces off Cn.p«
Lookout last Saturday, reached Norfolk
this afternoon ' and left to-night on t!i«
Old Dominion line for New "York, from
where they will ship for Spain.
WRECKING TTJG ASSISTS
HEROIC LIFE-SAVERS
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. March 22.—
Pierre Laverdure, aged 111 years, the old
est inhabitant in Montana, ii dead at hU
bom© near Lewietown, Fergus County.
News of his death, which occurred laet
Tuesday, reached here to-day.
Laverdure had long been one of the
notable character* of Northern Montana.
He took part in the Riel rebellion, had
been an Indian trader and trapper, and
the blood of the Dakotas and the French
Canadian pioneer vra.s in his veins. He
was bcrn in what Is now North Dakota,
and came to the vicinity of Lewlstown in
1S76, when -buffalo, elk and deer -browsed
in the valleys. His father lived to be 112
years old and his mother 120. He leaves
a wife 87 years of age.
Part In the Riel Rebellion
Dies'.
Famous Moatana Pioneer Who Took
OT7TXIVTSS A CENTiraY
BY JUST ELEVEN YEAE3
The 'leader has evidently come, -s for
within a week after this letter was .dis
patched the correspondent wired to Hopg
kbngipapeAs the first news] of the. rising.
Under date of March 2 he reported -that
"The Reformers are talking very, big at
the present time;- They assure me that in
a very short time there. •will be a'-rlelng
en an Immense scale. This, too, ! is "'an
old story, and after the abortive rising of
last year, when 400 badly armed "coolies
were expected, to ; make j a. triumphant
march through China, starting from a
point within a few miles of our boundary
here, we have been inclined to "treat'the
talk of the Reformers with, stant respect.
Jhey are ' certainly very ' earnest arid ' are .
well intentioned,- but they are - all drearri
ers and have not a single -riian' of. action
among them. The richer, Chinese, have
too much to lose to throw. In -their 5 lot
with thCvUeformers;" -
VICTORIA, B. C."i March 22.— According
to news from the Orient by the steam
snips Duke of Fife and Athenian, which
arrived to-day, the rebellion : in South
China Is a well organized and extensive
movement. It. is known that for :' some
time past shipments of arms and. am
munition have been made secretly "from
United States • ports to Hongkong; The
Reformers have been especially j; active
and if the following extract front Canton
correspondence be correct they are at the
back of the movement to overthrow; the
ruling dynasty: ,
Has .Wide Scope.
Plot to Overthrow Manchu Dynasty,
SPREAD OP THE REBELLION.
; •; "In • the northwest A the ex-Boxer chief,
Tung^ Fuhsiang,; is ; driHirig large numbers
of . Boxers . in Kansu, with ; the announced
intention of ;'mnrching toward - Peking- In
rebellion, and- In Mongolfa -the , Tartar
princes/: have ."their , soldiers' under
the flag: of Tung's; revolt; The outlook Un
China, does; not seem to be 'bright."
¦ There is no doubt -that the revolt in
South > China* is a ; widespread and > serious
movement, and the fact that the imperial
troops^ are likely be coincldentally
called to . suppress rising In other } sec
tions of the; kingdom will add to the
rebels' ; successes. ,- The Peking arid Tien
tsin '.Times*. of ; March 1 2 says: •;
¦ LONDON,'. March 22.— A dispatch to the
Exchange Telesraph{ Company/ from La
hore 'says ; the . plague mortality .. has
reached [ 2000^.'dallyl V The outbreak, • which
is the. worst on record,' Is attributed "to the
policy ; of nori-lnterference • in caste cus
toms. ¦' / . : '¦ -.*-. : - ¦ . ¦ • ¦ : •. - "•' '
10,000. rebels -had risen in 'Nanking and
wer© . preparing -to attack . the near-by
garriBons.' 'Since the liners left the "cable
has ;biought\ news, of the '_ success of the
rebels,-. who" t have; captured seA'eral towns
and^.have -been; augmented* by* thousands
of : soldiers ¦ of,' General . Ma; * whose- forces
they ; defeated A, According to I Peking' ad
vices General; Ma . himself, is not well ; dis
posed toward the'; Government of 'China."
The. Shanghai .-Mercury's correspondent
says that . the . general has been"
treated by 'the court and Is resentful. A /
Many Deaths From . Plague.
Italy. Faces Serious Strike.
LONDON, i March 22.— A dispatch;. from
Rome r ' to th© ! News. ';¦ says, the
strike of .;•: agriculturists Is spreading
throughout \ltaly. ' and ''-'I that : 150,000 ; farm
laborers . are now out iii the provinces of
Ferrara,' Bologna' and 1 Vlncefiza," while, in
sixteen .other, provinces/ the* laborers are
represented ; to be organizing! /• Thus far
no violence has been reported.
; AJ few; moments .after the -eastbound :
train pulled out the dispatcher discovered
his; mistake, and > abahdoriirig his : instru
ments ; flew to the railroad yards and de
manded: an engine. One was standing on
the track; and In a moment, it was
switched the main -track, the throttle
thrown open and. the race ' began' ts over
take the ' rapidly niovine strain. It-hap^
pened to be a long and exceedingly heavy
train' and ten miles out from Washington.
theTred lights' on .the caboose w*sre,dls
tlhgulshed.: Every available pound •¦ of
steam ", was crowded :• on and the engine
came' up" behind the train/just 'before if
reached ; a way station, where*; it was run
Iniori a switch. The loss of another mln-'
ute ¦ would, have brought '.the' two trains
together. . •'
INDIANAPOLIS, March 22.-Arriad race
with a switch v cnglne after a fast freight
train, which bad been given the right of
way "arid was drawing closer. e%'ery mo
ment upon, another train, which was "ad
vancing under, similar orders, was Ithe
method utilized. to prevent a wreck on the
Baltimore" and Ohio Southwestern Ra< -'
road;,* ' * '
The dispatcher at .Washington' gave a
fast freight at : Shoals the right- of way
over, another fast which, was at
Washington, cast bound. -The orders put
both . trains " en .the main -line; with tho
right of way. ' . '
Contrives to Save a Train From
, Collision.
Dispatcher .Makes a" Mistake, but
RACES ON AN ENGINE
TO PREVENT DISASTER
LONDON. March 22. — Court etiquette
and religious scruples have had an amus
ing tussle at The Hague. The trouble
arose when the daughters. of Dr. Kuyper,
the Premier, were invited to the first court
ball of the season.- Low-necked dresses
were commanded, but the. Misses Kuyper
decided that decollete dresses were In- .
consistent with their religious' principles.
They applied for a dispensation, but re
ceived a curt reply from the mistress of
the ceremonies, who declared that time
honored customs of the Dutch court must
be adhered to.
Dr. Kuyper made direct representations*,
on the subject to Queen Wllhtlmina, with
the result that a compromise was ar
ranged. The Misses Kuyper will stay
away from the ball, but will take tea with
their sovereign in high-necked dresses th©
same afternoon.
Daughters of the Dutch Premier De
cline to Observe Rules at '' .
The Hague.
LOW-NECKED DRESSES
CAUSE A COURT BOW
PEORIA, Hi;, -March 22,— Ffink P. Sap
gent was Interviewed at 3t! Ikiu Is by a
correspondent of the Peorla Journal, to
whom he said he had not been offered the
Commlsslonership of Immigration, , but
had. been approached on the subject by a
friend of / President \ R>oo»evelt Sargent
said he would accept the position if of
fered him.'. -"-.'.I -.', • >i'i.''.
Sargent Will Accept.
WASHINGTON, March ¦ 22.— The papers
In the first appeal from a ; declsion by the
United States Court of Porto, Rico to the"
Supreme Court of the United States was
received to-day by the latter court. ? The
case is that of Arseno Arpln, a citizen of
the United; States, and William B. Noble,!
an Englishman,' against Baron Valdez y.
Coblan, a subject of the King of Spain,
and it Involves the franchise to the water
rights for electric ' purposes _ of El Salto
Falls in the : Plata . River, '.which were
granted to Barori Valdez : by ;the \ execii^
tlve" council of the insular government.
Case From.'. Porto Rico Carried- to the
. ¦ Supremo^ Court.
FIRST APPEAL • RECEIVED.
Gabriel was a' French citizen and came
from the island of Guadelupe. ¦ Serious
complications with France are feared. The
body of . Gabriel was claimed by* . the
French Minister and v/as taken to the
French hospital. The - French colony Is
mush affected by the event.
PORT AU, PRINCE, Haytl. March 22.—
Leon ' Gabriel, a man charged with trea
son^ fired . a- revolver to-day at General
Cameau, the Chief of Police, who Intend
ed to ' arrest^ him. / The general, .who was
not vounded,., drew, his, revolver, fired at
Gabriel and ; wounded him. .Gabriel was
arrested^- and lmmedately afterward was
executed: -.--•••'"¦. S'.- ' ' - > ' :
EXECUTES A FRENCHMAN.
Nevertheless ; as a; matter < of '. courtesy
Governor Salazar will .allow the Consuls
of friendly nations to send telegrams un
censored .without, however, renouncing
his right to enforce the censoring of their
messages and all other measures tending
toward the' re-establlshment and protec
tion public order. /• ';'. ;¦ < , : .
United .States, , which provides that the
contracting nations recognize no diplo
matic character; in consuls and therefore
consuls do. not -en joy the -prerogatives of
Kmbassadprs and • Ministers. .- r ' ¦"
It seems that some of tne foreign Con
suls hava misinterpreted Governor Sala
zar's decree, claiming to have an absolute
franchise for their messages. . In contra
vention .of these claims it Is asserted' that
In all treaties between Colombia and for
eign nations' there is a specific clause
Identical with article 5 of the convention
of 1S90 between New Granada and the
PANAMA, Colombia, March 22.— General
Salazar, Governor of Panama, ' to-day in
formed the representative here of the As
sociated Press that' in order to prevent
abuses in the communication to the out
side world of news regarding the war in
Colombia he 1 had issued a -decree re
establishing the censorship of cablegrams
and prohibiting absolutely the transmis
sion In code of messages relating to the
revolution. So far as commercial matters
are concerned, however, merchants will
be allowed * the. use of established codes,
but they, must leave copies of -their mes
sages at the office of the censor.
COLOMBIA'S CENSORSHIP.
"against, -^JUve.ra, returned; to
; . wi tbout '¦ vanquishing :v the ; . revolutionary:
'< general. \ ~/ ¦' ¦.¦¦¦¦I
K?at"is-beUcved'that''lf the revolutionists
win one .'Important Obattle all Venezuela
w will; rise 'against Government of
Castro./ The latter Is recruiting
day and - night, . and 'every • man .arid i boy
procurable;. is being pressed, into the ; sery-"
ice. ; Th'e villages are'; deserted and the
negroes and Indians have sought refuge
in the woods, in the hope. of escaping re
cruiting officers.
'President' Castro has sent 'First -Vice
President Gomez with 1500 . men . against
the revolutionists under General Rivera,
who is In the vicinity of Caparado, in the
State !of. Falcon. Secorfd "Vice President
Ayala, who; had ..'previously' been" sent
Venezuela has broken out al
most Everywhere. T^he Government can
not control the country east of Cumana.
Barcelona Is - ctill besieged by the revolu
tionists and Carupano Is partially in their
power. ; The mission of Minister Velutino
to Barcelona had * not v been successful,
and he is S returning to-morrow I to the
capital. General Estralarite, ..with v 1200
men,- will replace . him ' at Barcelona.' •. ••'¦
•w- jr orlLLEMSTADT, Island of Cura
l/B/ cao, March 22.— During the past
V Y flve days the revolution in
"The army has stamped out the 'dis
ease in Its greatest stronghold— there hav
ing been only nine deaths in the past year
—and it haa demonstrated a system by
which yellow fever can. certainly be con
trolled .without interference' to com
merce."
"The army, charge of »the health
department of Havana when deaths' were
occurring at the rate of 21,252 • per .'"year.
It gives It up'wlth deaths occurring ¦' at
the rat* of.B720 per, year.^'It took 4 charge
with smallpox epidemic for years. It
gives it up with not a single case Having
occurred in the city . for 'over eighteen
months. It took charge with tha yellow
fever epidemic for two centuries. It found
Havana feared as a thing unclean by all
her . neighbors jot the United States . and
quarantined" against, as daogerous to
touch or even com©; near anything ; that
she had touched, to tho untold financial
loss of both Havana' and ' th© United
States. It has established the fact. that
yellow fever is only transmitted by a cer
tain species of mosquito,' a discovery that
in Jts power for saving human life is only
excelled by Jenner's great discovery, and
as time goes on it will stand in the same
class as . that great boon to mankind.
DECREASE IN. DEATHS..
The number of other infectious and con
tagious diseases has been small during
th© calendar year 1301. There has been
very little diphtheria and typhoid fever,
and the tuberculosis rate is about that
of moit cities of civilized countrlen. A
m&Tked 'decrease in malaria also has oc
curred since ' the mosquito work began.
Tho statement concludes -as follows:
An interesting statement concerning the
improvement in health conditions in Ha
vana since the American occupations of
Cuba, with special reference to the vital
statistics for the calendar year "1901, has
been made public by the Insular Division
of the War Department. Particular at
tention Is paid to the purging of the city,
from yellow fever during the past year
by the destruction of Infected mosquitoes.
It is of vast importance, the statement
says, that these facts should be made
knewn to the world. During the past
forty-five years, with scarcely an excep
tion, some deaths have occurred from yel
low fever In every month of the yearfl
the maximum, 2058 deaths, taking place In
1857, the minimum, 51 deaths, in 18G6, with
the average 75L •
STAMPING OUT DISEASE.
President Palma "j will be inaugurated
May 1, and American control, in the Island
will terminate on that date. Owing to
the short time intervening and the extent
and importance of the work Involved it
will be necessary to act promptly.
and is the guest of President
Roosevelt The main object of his /visit
to Washington is to arrange with the
President and the Secretary -of War for
the transfer of the active control of af
»falrs in Cuba to the . Cuban Republic.
Soon after his arrival General Wood had
a long talk. with Secretary Root regard
ing' the condition of affairs In Cuba. Sub
sequently the two officials went to the
White House and had a conference with
the President The- principal arrange
ments for the military evacuation of the
island will* be made quickly./ General
Wood's • plans require .that he shall leave
here not later than next Tuesday night on
his way back to. Havana to ;- carry into'
execution the programme.flxedljyjihe y aJ
mlriistratlon for the' formal transfer' of
governmental affairs. He will return to
Cuba by way of New York, in order that
he may meet and'.c6nsult*fully with Pres
ident-elect' Palma upon : the joint"-, pro
gramme of action: • - , . -. •-
w w ASHINGTON. March 22.-Gen
\j\/ —^eral Wood, Military Governor
WT of Cuba, arrived here to-day
.'."The treaty" did not cede anything to
Porto- Rico. -It cedea the; islands to the
United States. -If, .then, )the lands now*
in. question. did hot • belong,' to Porto' Rico
¦ Iw^bre^ te 3 treaty § not'
tjAn^rredito vPofto ,Ricb th^'tttfe^ut^
has tfansferred^lCas'part of the title to'
the island Itself, to the ;United States.'.
"Porto Rlcb unquestionably'' belonged tD
Spain by right of , dlscovery.^knd conquest
in consequence of -the {exertldns of the
people and^ Government of Spain, and not
of any exertions of any people of Porto
mco."\: . v- '.; " ::. t'e.'i- ". .-- ... -¦¦-.'
. The issue, originally, was^ralsed by the
Commissioner ; of the, Interior for : Porto
Rico.;. The Attorney-General says: .' •;"
; Vv that the public lands in Porto
Rico formerly belonged to Spain, and by
virtue of the treaty of Paris now belong
to the United States. The opinion was
rendered on the request of the Secretary
of the Interior' for' a : ruling 'as to whether
the so called public lands of Porto Rico
'were ceded as crown lands to the. United
States by -the; Paris, treaty; or : remain the
property' of Porto Rico as "state lands. "*
w w -^ASHINGTON. March 22.-A de
1/4/ clsion. by Attorney General
T Y Knox, announced to-day,' holds
Revolt Is Spreading
Very Rapidly in
Venezuela.
Lands of Porto
Rico.
Knox Rules on Public
Wood Paves the Way
for President
Palma. y
> : ... v-
PHILANDER C. KNOX, ATTOR
NEY: -'GENERAL OF THE
UNITED STATES. .
SENOR TOMAS ESTRADA
PALMA. PRESIDENT-ELECT
OF THE CUBAN REPUBLIC.
. Assistant Secretary Taylor is from Wis
consin and' has' the political ' backing - of
Senator' Sporiner, a "possible Presidential
candidate three years from • now.
'•: -,VI informed the President that if, he de
manded-the resignation of Commissioner
of • Immigration . Powderly on the ;. groun.l
that he was responsible for the conduct
of affairs. he was making a'mistake, for
I know. Powderly has tried to~ improve
the conditions, but has been stopped by
thoseabove him in authority. The Presi
dent told" me he was conversant /with; the
conditions complained of, that he would
make a change and' that strong » men
would be placed in charge."
I'This ', condition of affairs ' makes me
feel' like. quitting my post," he is said to
have ; told Congressional friends. .
Representative Livingston, when seen
said: ' ; •- ¦ - ;-. v ' ¦ ¦ -' • ¦ "• -- ;
¦ Secretary, of 'the' Treasury Shaw Is also
said; to .have told a member, of Congress
with whom he Is intimate that- the ad
ministration, of immigration- affairs is not
to his liking, but that because of the civil
service . rules j he cannot get at the j indi
viduals whose discharge seems necessary.
CONDITIONS ARE DISCOURAGING
-of the:Bjjrvlce.. y '/. v-.;,^ ;\ \. '¦' : . ¦ '¦¦"' . ¦¦.;' : / -¦-' .'
$ The . ' Representative had" : with* -him • ; a
¦draft of resolutions calling for an investi
gation of immigration affairs,; and • It Is
said that' he told the Presldent,that ; these
resolutions would be introduced, if^Taylor
were not' removed. '--'. •'¦'.' .'-.:;;¦• ,,^ .'
charged that the conduct of
Immigration affairs is bad; that it would
beehownup by en investigation, of Ellis
Island; ..that such an investigation "had
twice • .been made by the .Treasury >Dc
par'tment; and twice hushed up through
the efforts "of : Assistant Secretary -Taylor,
and th'at- Taylor had refused to discharge
certain immigration whose dis
charges would ha've. been for the benefit
Representative Livingston called on the
President to-day and laid before him his
view of the matter. He to'd the Prss.'dant
that he would be making a mistake to re
move Commissioner Powderly, and that if
he really wanted to end the abuses at
Ellis Island he. ought to go higher and
cause the removal _pf Assistant Secretary
of the, Treasury Taylor. " J
QUEER CONDUCT OP TAYLORJ
The Inquiry Is contemplated because of
dissatisfaction with the way in which the
President. intends to settle the scandals
of Kills Island. For several years Com
missioner General of Immigration Pow
derly has. been seeking to the
abuses. Powderly's recommendations for
a betterment of the service have been
persistently ignored, and he. has been the
object of attack all along the line. by in
fluential "friends of 'Assistant Secretary
Taylor.
Special : Dl«p'atcli -to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G- STREET, ¦ N.
W:, WASHINGTON. March 22.-The im
migration scandals In. New York are like
ly to be" investigated by a Congressional
committee. Resolutions looking to sut.1:
an investigation have, been drawn by
Representative Livingston of Georgia.
It Is In an unfrequented part of the
Padflc. and on© could pae s vrHMn a
couple of miles and never see it."
"The position of this patch, which I
believe to be a cropping from De Graves'
Island, was 1?.56 north, longitude 136.19
west. De Graves' island, as the old*Wn
ha* often described it to me, was shaped
like a saflfile with a hump at each end
about sixty feet high. The island was
about a mile long and half as much wide
There is a man named McGce in San
Francisco who is. I understand. Inter
ested in an expedition cither under way
or now out hunting for an island of this
description.
"The second officer called me at 6:20
a. m. of the 17th," said Captain Lawless
yesterday, "and reported two patches of
discolored water on the port bow. These
patches looked to be about 100 feet square.
There w'as a big Bea on at the time and
as it did not break over the shoal I
should Judge there would be over ten
fathoms of water there. ' Had it been
breaking I would have investigated more
thoroughly, but as there was no break
end the eea was very big I did not con
eider the shoal dangerous at all.
SEAS ROLL OVER SHOAL.
Captain Lawless says he has often spo
ken with De Graves about the island and
has corroborated De Graves' .story as
far as dates are concerned. A man
named Peacock In Honolulu has shown
his faith In De Graves' story by fitting
out two expeditions to search for tha
missing land. Other expeditions have
gone out, and De Graves still lives in
the hope of some day sharing the wealth
cf that mid-Pacific phosphate deposit.
The United States ship Albatross has
twice taken a hand in the search in the
Interests of navigators. The Albatross
investigations, however, in j the light of
Captain Lawless* -discovery, • con
ducted too far north.
The latitude- of this island as, calculated
by De Graves ,Traj«.^b^|JtJS^orth. The
longitude Ere had no^ ineans^of calculating,
.but thought It Eomewhere in" 133. De
Graves made several attempts to,redis
cover the Island, but without success.
Two days after turning north an Island
¦was sighted. Captain de Graves and
some of the passengers landed and hunt
ed wild gcats. . De Graves took away
v.-ith him some camples of the island soil
and rocks, which analysis later on show
ed to be rich in phosphates. . x -
Champagne flowed like water on the
little craft, and between the wine and
discussions of the gold discoveries In
California the original scheme was
changed and the Wolford headed for San
Francisco.
FIRST DISCOVERY OF ISLAND.
Captain John de Graves, who is still liv
ing in Honolulu ."sailed from Honolulu in
that year as mate of the schooner Gen
eral Wolford. Lola Montez, the famous
actress, was aboard, and the schooner
was bound for Callao with the intention
incidentally of exploring for guano
islands.
passengers prevented Captain Lawless
from more thoroughly investigating his
discovery. He has reported the matter
tt> the hydrographie authorities and will
pubsequently do a little investigating on
his own account.
The first report of the island's existence
was made in 1S59.
Stormy weather and the fact that he
was in charge of a mail boat carrying
Captain Lawless of the steamship Aus
tralia, which arrived Friday night from
Tahiti, thinks he has discovered croppings
cf an island rich in phosphates, reported
by Captain John^e Graves of Honolulu
in 1S59. and for which Government vessels
end private expeditions have ever since
been searching.
This is not borne out by tho press ad
vices of later data, hence the anxiety of
the officials. '
WASHINGTON, March 22.— The situa
tion In Southern China is attracting the
anxiety of the State Department officials,
who are in no mood to become again in
volved in that quarter of the world. The
last news from the eeat of , trouble was
contained In a cablegram received here
from United States Consul -> Me Wade, at
Canton, dated March 18, «aying: "Vice
roy reports rebellion in Kwangsl almost
crushed." '.
HONGKONG, March 22.— The' rebels
have captured the prefectural town of
Kamchou, in'the province of Kwangtung,
and have seized " the arsenal and gran
aries. The mandarins of the garrison fled
and appealed to Canton for reinforce
ments. The Viceroy of ! Canton replied
that it was impossible to further deplete
the Canton garrison and urged that Gen
eral Mato make the utmost efforts to put
down the rebellion.
In view of this positive announcement
Germany will undoubtedly cloak her de
signs in Shantung by continuing her pol
icy of acquiring privileges and attempt
ing to prevent- other countries from ob
taining a foothold in the province. yV
REBELS STILL ACTIVE.
A high- authority stated to-day that the
policy of , the United States' with respect
to'Shantung is identical with that in re
gard to Manchuria." In his note to Russia
arid China regarding Manchuria, a copy
of which was handed a few : wa*>ks ago
to Germany, Secretary Hay declared that
"an agreement. whereby China" gives any
corporation or company exclusive .right
or privilege of ' opening mines, . establish
ing railroads or in any other way Indus
trially developing Manchuria can but be
viewed with the gravest concern by the
.Government of the United States."
; NeyerthelessHt is regarded as certain
among officials and diplomats that If an
American or British subject- were to ap
ply" for a concession *. In C Shantung its'
granting j Would be opposed by the Gcr
%an v ¦ ! : *Z~>$?Z\? r :*~ ; -^\?yp\
Should: such* a case arise and there be
interference ;by Berlin, undoubtedly the
United States 'would support the applica
tion of its citizen. Y • "." ,-J
When reports of the fresh demands by
Germany ypon China recently reached
the State Department Secretary Hay ad
dressed an inquiry to the Berlin authori
ties to ascertain whether those demands
conten^plated exclusive privileges. As
surances were given him in return that
the exclusion of other foreign interests
than German were not contemplated by
Emperor William. . '.'.¦• ;. .' KV-rfr**
ASSURANCES ARE, GIVEN".
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 22— There
can be no objection by the United States
to German exploitation of Shangtung
province, China, provided. .no claims vo
exclusive privileges be' advanced by- the
Berlin Government. Administration offi
cials read with interest to-day a, dispatch
from Berlin showing, the efforts making
in Germany to honeycomb" Shantung
with German Interests. For five years
Germany has claimed this province as her
sphere of influence, and she has been pur
suing a policy calculated to clinch her
claim. The United States could make no
objection to- Germany's procedure when
it was apparently free from any design
of exclusive exploitation, but the author
ities have become convinced that this can
be. the only result, in view of the energy
which Germans are displaying and the
lack of interest being evinced by foreign
ers, especially by Americans, in the
wealth of Shantung. ' \Al<~
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Croppings in Mid
Ocean MayJReveaf
Rich Deposit
Meanwhile the Rebels
Continue to Gain
Victories./
Georgian Makes Pro
test to President
WM 'Roosevelt:
"Mr. George, F. Washburn," president
Commonwealth Club of Massachusetts,
Boston, Mass.: My Dear Washburn:
Tour favor of the 18th reached me ton.
day. You desire information as to the
truth or" falsity of newspaper reports
from Washington making me \ an active
candidate' for the- Presidency. I deeply
regret these reports. Like many . others'
in the past they are absolutely unauthor
ized. They do not emanate from myseif
nor from friends. I trust that the- public
will not be misled by them. I have not
been and am not now a seeker for Presi
dential honors. My ambition has ever
been to faithfully serve my country in
whatever sphere duty may have dictated,
and this will be my sole purpose in tho
future."
LETTER TO WASHBTJRN.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, March 22.-There is
a growing disinclination among: members
of the military committees in both houses
of Congress to report any of the impor
tant bills now before, them, largely on ac
count of the attitude of General Miles
and his quarrel with the department. The
most far-reaching of the measures look
ing to the reorganization of the army are
what Is known as the general staff bill,
which General Miles so severely criticized
before the Senate committee, and the
militia, bill, which includes the project to
add to the army some 300,000 more soldiers
in time of need. The latter is not. only
backed strongly by the War Department,
but has been agreed to by the adjutant
generals of the various States. It is re
garded as a very important measure and
one that was quite likely to pass had not
the recent complications arisen. It is
now said by leading military authorities
in Congress that this will be included in
the general hold-up until more harmony
exists in the department.
NOT TO BE REPORTED.
, .Prominent members of the Senate Com
mittee on military affairs said to-day that"/
unless Secretary Root continued to press (
the staff bill it j would probably not j txs
reported this session. It was further said
that even if it were pressed *it would find
so much serious opposition that- If it,
passed at all it would be only after a
severe contest and considerable criticism. .
Members of the committee who hold this
view '.have been giving consideration to
the- testimony: presented in behalf of the
b^^jS«cretary Root, and say that it is
not' satisfactory. This, in addition to tha
severe criticism made by General Miles.
and the consequent lack of harmony be
tween the head of the War Department
and. the ' lieutenant general, has had' the
effect of postponing for the present fur
ther-serious consideration. . : .--- r J
.In view of the various reports regarding
the alleged personal aspirations of tho
lieutenant general, this letter dated Jan
uary 23, 1902, signed ,by General Miles. arid
sent ; to a Boston friend, was given .out
for publication: .'•-•. r . .
Special Dispatch to The Call. ' " "•"""•
Congress Will Include
Militia Bill in
Hold-Up. ,;:-.
Kaiser Seeks Bxclu=
sive Privileges in
a Province.
General Staff Scheme
May Not Be Re
ported.
Mismanagement in
New York Cause
of Ire. -
CaptainLawlessFinds
It on His Last
Voyage.
Disappearing Isle of
the Pacific is
Sighted.^
Miles 9 Stand Likely
to Block Pending
Measures.
... . ..— — . .
Congress to Deal With
an Immigration
¦ Z. Trouble.
United States Is Not
Taking Chances
in China.
SCANDAL
INIVITES
PROBING
FATHOMS
MYSTERY
OF DEEP
WATCHES
GAME OF
GERMANY
DISCORD
IN ARMY
GROWING
Plilil
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN- FRANCISCO, SUNDAYy M'ARCH 23,^ 1902— FORTY PXGES.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 113.
PLANNING
TRANSFER
OF CUBA
DECIDES
AMERICA
IS OWNER
REBELS
MENACE
CASTRO
PRESIDENT CASTRO OF VEN
EZUELA. WHOSE RULE .AP
PEARS NEARLY AT AN END.
The San Francisco Call.
Pap 11 28
................... 1 A AGerman Law Regarding
Prepared Meats Is
Explained. >. i
KAISER FEARS
HEALTH PERILS
Every woman cherishes . the delusion
that she Is capable of reforming any man
If only given the opportunity. . .. : .
McGehee la cashier of the. Bank of San
Jose, and for many years was connected
with the First Natibnal Bank. Ho is an
extensive fruit grower. ' V ::
SAN JOSE, March 22.— John H. McGe
hee, a banker of this city, has been
granted a divorce from his wife, Lena
E. McGehee, on the ground of willful de
sertion. For many, years the McGehees
were prominent in the "upper ten'.'. of. so
ciety. They were married about nineteen
years ago, and have two young children.
Mrs.' McGehee was | formerly Miss Lena
Towle of this city. A few years ago dif
ferences arose between McGehee , and his
wife, and two years ago she left him
and a home surrounded by every luxury.
Since then she has supportfcL herself 'by
dressmaking. By. the. decree of-the court
the custody of .the two children is given
to the father. ' ' •• :''•¦¦ *• ¦'•¦ f,<
Which the,Decree Is
Awarded.
Willful Desertion the Charge, on
BANKER JOHN McGEHEE
• IS GRANTED A DIVORCE
William E. Leckey'the nistorlan, arid
Unionist member of Parliament' for Dub
lin University, who was among the mem
bers who heard the statements of the
supporters of the petition, returned' and
addressed the graduates, saying he won
dered if they would like a seat in Parlia
ment in -view of the fact that they would
run. the .risk at any moment of being
called "damned liars?" Leckey concluded
with saying he believed the emotional ele
ment In politics was quite unduly devel
oped as it was without women entering
the field. -
: In the meantime Dillon, exempt from
the critical eye of the Tailor and Cutter's
editor, is the hero of the hour in Dublin.
One of the most amusing sequels of Dil
lon's forcible retorts ,. occurred in the
grand committee-room of tho House of
Commons, where a deputation of women
graduates was presenting a petition ask
ing to be given the power to vote at ttie
election for members of Parliament. Miss
Beatrice Harraden. the novelist, who was
one of the delegates, warmly supported
the petition, claiming thai it was unfair
that women should have to pay the in
come.tax and yet not be allowed.'to vote
at Parliamentary elections. The members
of. Parliament who w^re listening were
hurriedly called to take part in the divis
ion on Dillon's suspension. -. i •
- The object . of this abuse has created
another sensation, not, as usual, by hit
ing invective, but by- his clothes. Tne
Tailor and Cutter, which paper was ac
customed to belaud the Colonial Secre
tary as the very pink of fashion, now
says:
"We. are sorry to note that Mr. Cham
berlain is developing quite a stoop,, and
fear that he is losing some of his old-time
smartness. It is true that his monocle
is still in Its old place, but we miss the
familiar orchid, and, as we have examined
his garments, we could not but feel that
conservatism was sadly apparent.' for
there was much in them that was not up
to-da^e." . . \ '
Chamberlain's coat lapels, says the
Tailor and Cutter, are plain, • heavy and
disfigured by a long, gaping breast pocket,
like some ugly wound, calling for assist
ance. The washing vest of Chamberlain,
the paper also says, was quite out of har
mony with his coat, while hia trousers
were wide and • unshapely.
The Westminster Gazette humorously
comments on the fact that a weak spot
has. at last been found in Chamberlain's
armor, adding:
"Remembering the weird and wonderful
clothing with which the doorkeepers of
the House of Lords were startled in'1893,
when the home rule bill gathered the
noble clans together, we can only come to
the conclusion that Mr.. Chamberlain is
beginning to qualify for a seat in tho
House of Lords." .
. LONDON, March v 22.— The sensational
exit of John Dillon, the Irish Nationalist.
from tJie House of Commons Thursday
last, as a result of his calling Chamber*
lain,- the Colonial Secretary, a '.'damned
Her," continues to be the topic of the
hour. The Irish Nationalist papers back
up Dillon's declaration regarding Cham
berlain's lack of veracity with cheerful
frankness, though the Dublin Evening
Telegraph remarks that Dillon was guilty,
of a slight anticipation regarding Cham
berlain's .damnation, which, it says, is!
only cornlngr, though already in sight,
adding: "As to his being a liar,. that goes
without saying."
John Dillon, Who Disturbed
Parliament, Is a Dublin
Hero.
Colonial Secretary's jA.t
tire a Subject for
JESTERS LAUGH
AT CHAMBERLAIN
¦ NEW YORK. March 22.-Justice Oay
nor • of -the Supreme ; Court of " Brooklyn
late to-day handed down a' decision. to the
effect that Charles Ouden is the Sheriff of
Kings County and- declaring the action of
ColoneLDlkeyand his associates in break-
Ing Into the Sheriff's office unwarranted
Guden .was recently removed from offlci*
by Governor Odell, who appointed Colonel
Dike In his place.-
Court Sustains the Sheriff.
OKLAHOMA CITY. Okla.. March 22.—
Five miles east of Noble, last eventng.
two unknown men on horseback killed
.Frank Hartman at his home and wounded
his; wifo; and daughter.' It appears the
outlaws: attempted to rob Hartman. who
put up a hard right.' The wife and daugh
ter - came to : his rescue. Hartman was
shot, the wife was knocked senseless with
a revolver and the girl was struck with an
ax and seriously; Injured. •• • ¦; • •
Outlaws Commit Triple Crime.
BOSTON/' March 22.— Police officials
here state that there Is no" reason to be-
Jieve.that Mrs." Julia M. French, whose
body was found: on the top of the eleva
tor of her home on Newbury street on
Thursday, was murdered. ¦ Medical Ex
aminer Draper has stated. positively that
her death was the result of an accident,
and the police have not. been able to find
anything that would controvert the med-
Ical examiner's . report. -
Woman Not a Murderer's Victim.
BRUSSELS. March 22. — Dynamite cartridges
*<re exploded last night under the home ot
M. I>*rbaJ«, a. Catholic Deputy, at Slnche,
Province of Ha'.r.ut. The house was greatly
damaged, but nobody vu hurt. There is no
clew to th« perpetrators of the outrage.
"WASHINGTON, March 22.— The pro
jectors of the St. Louis exposition have
discovered that the organic act ( providing
for the exposition contains . a: paragraph
which threatens to prevent . the participa
tion of the Chinese Government. This
section is a. peculiar one, and. not only
prohibit* "the- coming- into the - United
States of any Chinese persons", in connec
tion with the exposition, but absolutely
prohibits ' a suspension of this provision
of the act under any circumstances. The
exposition' authorities 'feel .that this will
prevent absolutely, the participation of
the Chinese Government, If it stands, and
they are. now' working earnestly to se
cure ; corrective ¦ legislation.
"No Chinese at the Exposition.
constables from the vicinity ef Iverness.'
Scotland, landed on the island of Lewes
to-day and proceeded northward to Ness
Church. There they forced a barricad
erected by the parishioners and held by
them for months against all the police
and other forces sent by the authorities
of the United Free Church to take pos
session of the church. , /
The local feelins: 'wafe wholly opposed
to the recent union of the Scottish
churches. Parties of policemen previous-
Jy sent to the island had been mobbed
' and had been compelled to retreat to
Stornaway, but the force sent to-day was
so strong that the parishioners were
obliged to capitulate.
Parishioners Capitulate When Attack
Is Made at the Island of
Lewes.
LONDON'. March 22.— Eighty police
SCOTTISH CONSTABLES ..f^T,
CAPTURE THE CHUECH
BRUSSELS.* March 22. — The Chamber tst
Deputies to-day adopted the anti-gambling bill,
as amended by the Senate. Th« -¦ measure
provides for the. suppression of all gambling
clubs In Belcturo. •.- ¦".'."-
LO8 ANGELES. March 22. — J. C. ' Stubba.
general traffic manager for all of. the Harr!
man Iine3, and E. O. McCortnlck. general ras
ecnger agent for the Southern Pacific, left Los
Angeles to-nlxht for El Pa3O. where th«y will
join E. H. Harritnan and party. The party
wiK then come westward to-the coast. • ¦
Strikers and Wives Parade.
PRE&COTT. Ariz., March 22.— On ac
count of the demonstration yesterday by
striking miners at Congress. Constable
Petet Bozeha of that place found it nec
f-f-sary to swear in a number of deputies.
The company has been able to keep a
small force of men at work In the mine
and also to keep the mill In operation.
Yesterday striker* and their wives
formed a procession and paraded through
the streets.. led by an Italian band. No
violence was attempted and the strikers
claim iris not their intention to disturb
the peace. The force of men in the mine
ie being increased gradually.
Rejected by the Bundesrath.
BERNE, Switzerland, March 22.— The
Bundesrath to-day rejected the proposals
of the Federal Assembly inviting the Fed
eral Government to join with other states
In approaching Great Britain on the sub
ject of the. concentration camps in South
Africa, on the ground' that Great Britain
had already taken measures to relieve the
suffering.
Henry Irving Starts for. London.
NEW YORK. March 22.— Sir Henry Irv
ing, with his company of nearly seventy
people, Ealled for London to-day on tho
Minneapolis. Irving said that he had had
a splendid time in the United States, and
hoped to return here in 1904. Nothing to
that effect, however, had been settled, < he
raid.
Doubles Postal Rates.
COLON. Colombia. March 22.-The Post
office Department has issued a notice
that, according: to .the decree, . Issued at
Bogota January 29 last, all postal rates
to countries* in the postal union will be
loubled. The above mentioned decree has
already gone into effect.
'About Eixty arrests have been made at
Warsaw in connection with the trial of
Colonel Grim, who, it has been- asserted,
had during ten years revealed to Ger
many every plan prepared by Russia in
the eventuality, of war between the two
countries. The discovery of the colonel's
treason was due to his wife, who de
nounced her husband in revenge for his
having paid attentions to another woman.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury has replied to an
inquiry, from the ' Danish Minister here
that/in iharmony with the decisions of the
United • States Supreme: Court -in thelm
sular case.? sugar shipped to thin country
from St. "Crolx after . the exchange of
ratifications of the treaty of cession would
be delivered free of duty in the absence
of any provision in the treaty to the con
trary, until such time as Congress shall
see -fit to provide otherwise.
Sugar3 imported from the Danish West
Indies ¦ previous to the. exchange of rati
fications and remaining In .bonded ware
house subsequent thereto, would be en
titled to withdrawal free of duty. In
1900 the. sugar imported from St. Croix
Into the United States amounted to $553,
718. About 16.000 acres in that island are
usually planted* in cane sugar. :
ST. THOMAS, D. W. I.. March 22.— The
United States gunboat Machias, after
visiting both ports ; of tiie island of 'St.
Croix, returned here yesterday and sailed
for San Juan to-day. It is reported that
the purpose of her visit to St. Croix was
to obtain measurements and plans for
United States Government lands and
buildings. • • . -
Secretary of Treasury Explains to
Danish Minister About St.
Croix Product.
SUGAR WTLI, BE FREE -
¦ . j TJNTTL CONGRESS ACTS
ST. PETERSBURG. March 22.— The
semi-official , Russky Invalid to-day an
nounces that Colonel Grim, the Russian
officer who .was recently condemned to
death by a court-martial at Warsaw
after having been, convicted of systematic
revelation of military secrets to a foreign
power, has confessed to having been
guilty of high treason. ... .- ' ¦
The great charity bazar arranged in
celebration of King Edward's coronation
will be opened about July 7, probably by
Queen Alexandra. Mrs. Choate, wife of
the United States Embassador. and Mrs.
Cornelius Adair will have charge of the
American stall and bar In which many
novelties will be introduced. Most of the
leading society women here are interested
in the bazaar, which promises to be one
of the most Interesting functions of the
coronation festivities.
A West End surgeon's house has been
fitted up as a .luxurious gymnasium,
•where aristocratic patients turn somer
saults on Swedish principles, in the hope
of reducing their obesity. The "cure" is
said to be most efficacious.
"No more sordid tale was ever told in
a police court than the story Lady Rod
ney related of her husband's conduct
toward her." /
The latest London novelty 13 the "som
ersault cure" for' fat women,
LONDON. March 22.— Society is much
exercised regarding the probable action
of the clubs toward Lord Rodney, whose
wife, when she obtained a divorce from
him on Thursday, testified that on one
occasion he struck her in the eye with
his clenched fist. There are rumors that
his resignation will shortly -be handed in
at the Carleton and other - aristocratic
clubs to which he belongs. One paper,
referring: to the details revealed in the
divorce court, says:
The dead woman worked for . farmers
In the neighborhood, and thbsemost In
timately acquainted with the family
never had the slightest 'suspicion that
she. was not a man. The -cause of the
woman's death is a mystery. On Wednes
day she took two tablets for a throat
affection and was dead- in ten 'minutes.
The . medicine was ¦ »ent from Wellsvllle.
this State, where relatives reside.. Two
men claiming to be half-brothers attended
'the funeral, but refused to divulge any
information. It developed to-night that
the person known as William C. Howard
was AHce - M: Howard, and that she went
through a marriage ceremony in 1892 with
Edith Dyer. .
Howard, who was about 50. years of age
and who was employed as a -farm hand,
came here five years ago/with- a woman
who was known as Mrs. Howard.
CANANDIGUA. N. Y.. March 22.— A
person who was known here for five years
as William C. Howard died suddenly
Wednesday night and an autopsy showed
that the supposed man was a woman.
j Suddenly.
Elderly Woman Whose Sex Was Un-
known for Many Years Dies
MASQUERADES AS MAN
UNTIL CALLED BY DEATH
The natives, have been very destitute
'this winter and have resorted to'iteallns.
They 1 stole one of the horses from tha
Bradley :jparty and killed it for food, but.
of course, claimed It was dead when they
found It. . "'.. " "¦ • ' \.
The party successfully .wintered several
horses on' the Chestohena ¦without any
food whatever, except such as the coun
try "produced .^ajjd they are now In good
condition. . Tfie horses rtnd plenty of
brush and dry. grass to feed on- and stand
the climate well. • ¦- r
SEATTLE, March 22."— Br. B.' L. Brad
ley returned to "Valdes last Saturday after
spending the winter in the interior, saVs,
the Valdes Prospector of 'March 6. Ha
reports the winter aa the most severe he
has known since the advent of the whlto
man into the country. Dr./Bradley. with
two others, was camped oti 1 the Chesto
hena, getting out wood and lumber for
their jsummerJs .work on. Slate Creek.
RHey. was lost during 'the winter,
was in the employ of Dr. Bradley, who
reports that he has never been able to
find any trace, of the body artd believes
Riley must have fallen through'the lc©..
Be in Great Desti
tution.
Dr. Bradley Reports the Natives to
SEVERITY OP WINTER
IN VALDES DISTRICT
London Clubs Are Dis
pleased by Conduct'
of Rodney.
Russian Officer Confesses
Selling Military
Secrets.
COLONEL GRIM
PLEADS GUILTY
SOCIETY MAY
OUST A LORD
i. Army orders announce that Second Lieu
tenant Bruce Cotton, artillery, Is ordered
to the Presidio of San Francisco and will
report to the adjutant general of the
army for orders. . .•
niT^5? e . P en f io " s w ere granted: Callfor
n>ar-Orijflnal-Oeorge M. Pirle, San Fraii
i 2^h $6: , Geo T r se Tresslef. Sari FraVcisw.
o Ln h « a / le ii' T^ om , a ?' dead, San Fran
cisco, - |C; Riley, JLockeford. 18.
Var «i^ lth T Spain - John Kiley. Santa MonU
ca. m. Increase— William W. Dolmaa.
San Francisco, $3: Franklin Foltz. San
Francisco.. |3- John H. Manlove. Selma,
$12; Melzar L. Shlppee. Vallejo. $6. Widows
—Lucy Malcolm, Woodland, $S.
Washington: . Original-Robert McClia
tock, Spokane^, $6; William Hannon. Ta
coma, $12. Increase— Oliver H. Brlggt.
Bajlard, $10;. John Wherret. Tenino,,$5:
Gideon Howell, Spokane, $12.
Representative Loud's bill authorizlnsr
the Secretary of War to loan tents for the
use of the ; Knights" of Pythias encamp
ment at San Francisco next August pass
ed the House to-day. '.¦¦¦¦ : .. •¦ - ¦ :
Navy orders announce that Rear Ad
miral Evans is ordered to duty as the
senior, squadron commander on the Asi
atic station and will sail from San Fran
cisco April 8 with his aid, Lieutenant
Washington, and his flag lieutsnant, Lieu
tenant Chapin.
WASHINGTON, March 22.-The Post
omce to-day announced the following:
F^stofflces established: Washington -
Satas. Kllckitat County. Thurston I*'
Marters. postmaster. Discontinued. April
lo: Oregon-Lost Valley, Wheeler County,
mall to Lone Rock. Postmasters commis
sioned: California - Robert J. Nixon.
Yreka. Washington-Joel Huffman, CTay
ton. Appointed: . Callfornla-A. A. Wha
lP''t, Moneta - Angeles County, vice B.
iT *.*£•• ros| sned. Oregon— H. W. El-
\ Oi U f leasant H1 ». Lane County/ vice P.
w>,?, rlst £ w> r * sl «n e d. Washington-E? G
li Pr;H»n n ?, Claw ' K»ng County, vice L
i>. Freaensteln, removed.
Changes Made in the Postal, Service
. . .;. arid More New Pensions
Issued.
OP, INTEBEST .TO PEOPLE
... OF THE PACIFIO COAST
BERLIN,., March 22.— The yacht which
Emperor William has named Alice Roose
veltis beautifully decoratedin the mod
ern impressionistic style which his Ma
jesty disapproved of in. his recent art ut
terances,- Nevertheless, the Emperor was
greatly, pleased wlth,the decorations when
he_saw the- yacht' at Kiel this week.
The artists were selected by Admiral
von Thomsen. » The wails are done in ser
pentine effects, the woodwork * is silver
¥F a y a-"* the upholstery of strange, vivid
tints. The .yacht was .built Jor a torpedo
boat and why she was transformed into
a ¦' y^ ch A'. la not -•« x Plalned I but It is sup
posed this was; on. account of h,er rather
'™., d ft f « framework, considering the
British Government's recent experience
'th . torpedo-boat destroyers. • •
tcih G C \ Rc)psevelt ' which' is still at
Fit ' wlH *J e transferred to , Wilhelms
haven for the use of Admiral von Thom
6quadron C ° mm ! n r ' ° £ the North Sea
u-nf 1 »iSJ?l°^ r l" h the first 'squadron,
will visit Spanish waters in May when
¦te B & Kln F :of Spain. 'is enthroned
tn h2 t Henrv j? so". Waldemar, appears
l£t re B ,, erlousl y «»« than supposed
SiiV T£nft-T hen he^ we nt > to .the White
flcuftv I^^I t m at . Dresden. He has dif
deal Lrf «T^ ll i n /' ! f carrle <l about a good
aeai and also rides In a pony cart Wal-
Sn ThuP^v rat^ hl8 thlrte^th birthday
of th« thfn a /a' J 1 , 13 P r f 3e nts Included some
?h O th LVifi2 e itrt r er?o? e h n im: brou^ ht froin
Boat | Named Roose
p velfs Daughter Is • Viv
#£':*&¦ -idly Tinted.. '
Emperor William Makes
Departure in Yacht
X *
CHANGES VIEWS
FOR MISS ALICE
BY CABLE TO; THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
Admiral Fitzgerald maintains that the
Admiralty Is Quite able to meet an inter
national emergency. He admits that some
minor reforms may be desirable, but
says: "It Is. not necessary to. upset tho
coach because one of the wheels ' want
greasing, nor Is- it desirable to wash our
dirty linen In public, supposing .we have
any." .¦ ¦ . •.•..'•.,.. •• .'.
.One '*of 'his -colleagues, however — Vlco.
Admiral Penrose Fitzgerald— has written
to the Times a striking criticism of Lord
Beresford's utterances. Referring to his
Lordship's speech before the London
Chamber of Commerce, March 14, Admiral
Fitzgerald characterizes it as "all gas,
brilliant gas, incandescent pas, if you
will, but still gas."
LONDON, . March . 22.-Rear 'Admiral
Lord Charles Beresford's outspoken criti
cism of the methods of the British Ad
miralty, since his return to England, has
created a great stir in naval circles
and is generally commended- by the press.:
Criticism.
the Bear Admiral's Severe
Colleague of Xord Charles Objects to
BEBESFOED'S SPEECH -
THREE KINDS OP "GAS"
"The demand abroad,'.'; Bald he,yis;for,
the light; cured meats, and the effect of.
the new German law will be to cut off
most of our trade In pork. We have great,'
respect for the German chemists." and . if
thoy have decided that borax is; delete-
rious then we must accept .their, corfclu-i
sions and protect. ourselves, from. articles'
brought Into this'; country' that '• may be
supposed. to be treated with borax./ :. \ "
BERLIN, March;22.— The German. Gov
ernment's contention 1 on boracic meat, !it
Is stated,* Is not a protective tariff ques
tion, but . Is simply in .the interest^ of
health. Its exclusion rests with Hhei re-*
suits of experiments made by the Impe
rial Health Office. The United States Ag
ricultural Department " will - demonstrate
to the Imperial Health Office that boracfc
meat is not deleterious, and no politicial
object will stand in the way of admitting
it from America. Even some of the oppo
sition newspapers asume that- tha Gov
ernment takes- this stand purely for
health reasons.
WASHINGTON. ; ;March: 22.— Secretary
Wilson to-day stated, that It ..was not cer
tain as yet to what, extent this Govern-
ment willact in meeting, the new-' mekt
law of the German ; Government, which
will take Effect October,!. - '¦¦* > /V ;
United States Will; Protect
"; : Itself Against Boracic \ '[.]
18
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SECRETS EXPOSED IN A FREE "BOOK.
A Strange and Magic Art That Brings
Fame, Riches and Amuse-
ment to All Who Learn It. '
FUN, rtTONEY "' f
AND MYSTERY.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.'
No other medicine acts like, it; no
other medicine has done so much real,
substantial good.'rio other medicine has
restored health and 'strength at so "little
cost.-y V3 ;. .. •:' . ¦ ' ¦ /
Kocd's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keeps tho promise.
In what it is and what it- does— con-
taining the best blood-purifyinff, alter-'
ative and tonic substances and erTectinjj
the 'most -radical and permanent cures of
all humors and all eruptions, relieving
Avcak, tired, languid feelinKs',; and build-
ing up the whole if true only of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Peculiar
lo itself
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. 'Cause*
perfect dlReetlon. complete 'absorption anj
healthful regularity. ¦ . ..,-¦¦¦
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver.- BoweU. Kldueys,* Bladder,' Femalo -Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, ¦ Biliousness, ' Con-
stlpatlon, Piles and all- derangements- or the
Internal Viscera. 20c a box. At DruKftlata. or
by mall. RADWAY &CO.. New Tork. -
-Dad way's
COME
TO US
FOR A PIANO
If you have none— or If you have one not
quite ud to date we would take it in as
part payment for one of our choice in-
struments. .. . .
You will find that the new warerooms
of the Wiley B. Allen Co.. at D31 Market
Ftreet. are by long odds the most favora-
ble place for you to get the right piano
at the right price.
OO.
931 MARKET STREET
Between 5th and 6th.;
San Francisco.
Wiley fc Allen
T i5 NO PERCENTAGE DRtlG CO.
949-951 Market Street.
TRADING OTAMrS.
Eyes cx:mmcd tree by an expert
optician, always Injattcndanc?.
Buy your Camera now and save
20 per cent.. Sp:cia! prices on photo
supplies. Printing and Developing'
ERING YOUX PRESCRIPTIONS TO US AND SAVE AEOUT 50 FER CENT.
In- our building: you will see in plain
view more piano's, uprights and grand's,
than you can find elsewhere in this city,
and, all things considered! "we are the
people that can deeply interest you when
it comes to buying a piano.
When you are in the store kindly ask -to
see the. new' Chase & Baker Piano Player,
the latest out and much superior to any
other.
COKE'S DANDRUFF p||^i^®||;g^
Regular price 85c. ' . '. . > ' y '.-.-;- 9$\ • .- ¦ "-^ .
i UAn. o oUAr -?•••••••••••••t»».. ..«.....;,,.... ,'HJc
Regular price ir>o. B|^B[
SHEFFIELD'S DENTIFRICE, 2 for.V.^ ..;..-. :'•;.: ;V. ... 25c
. Regular price 13c. - -
MAIVIN1 CREMI ¦¦.'. .. ... . .". ............... 25c
VIOLET )<)[§£ AMMOMA . '. : ;.......;...;....... 2Oc
¦ Regular rrlce 25c. "~"
SOZODONT TOOTH POWDER. .'. I5c
TODdTsARSAPARILU, 3 bottles;.'. ...... . . ; a 1 ; /. .$2.00
Regular price 73c. yEfiHE9BBBP> L
TELEPHONE ORDERS DEUVEBED. .PHONE NO. SOtTTfl 736.
C* • t iV^Wi - T*fl • •• ¦ AWIT ' 'A- -
"Would you like to be able to exert a strange
and magic power over others? Do you desire
to possess an accomplishment by which you
can make both fun:" and money? If «io,' you
should become a hypnotist. You can now mas-
ter this wonderful, mysterious and .fascinating
Science free of cost at your own home. By ay-
few hours', study you can learn all about the
secrets, methods, uses and wonders (if the hyp-
notic trance. You can surprise and "mystify
all your friends by placing any oito you wish
under this weird and magic spell • and ¦ compel
them to see, think, feel and act precisely as
you wish. You can sway the minds of ot.hers,
perform the most wonderful - and astounding
feats and create fun and amusement for hours
at a. time.. You can do a thousand amazin*
thing* that other people -cannot do and make
ycurself famous in a' week's time. If you
want to MAKE MONEY you can do eo by giving
entertainments, curing disease or teaching the
art to others. These are three sure and easy
v.'ays.to win a fortune. , Why be poor? Why
work for others when you can' master" this
money-making profession so easily? : Investi-
gate NOW. It costs, nothing to find out all
about it. Professor Harraden. the world-re-
nowned hypnotist, has issued a large and ele-
gant KREE BOOK entitled "A Ifey to the.
Mysteries ¦ of. Hypnot!«m," • and , anybody can
get | a copy ¦ of it without one^ cent of cost,
merely for the asking. .Simply send for it bj-
letter or postal and it will be sent, you free
and- prepaid by return mail. It Is "the most
beautiful, interesting and valuable book ever
published. It contains hundreds of .beautiful
pictures and Is a marvel of elegance and splen-
dor. The cover Is a gem of art. and the print-
ing and other features are simply perfect. Best
of all, this charming book tells you Just: how
to become a hypnotist. Every secret and mys-
tery is here explained in tha simplest lan-
guage, and you are amazed to find that you '
can master, all these powers yourself and wield
the subtle forces of mind a« well as any
operator In the land. You are also shown how
you may heal the sick.- relieve pain, cure bad
habits, glpe sleep to the restless and comfort
to the Borrowing. And for yourself, aa , thin
free Book -'shows, you can win promotion, .; so-
cial and business standing, increase of trade,
the influence, friendship or love you most de-
sire., and, in short.- all that Is needed to mtflre
you rich, esteemed and happy as long as life
lasts. This bcok also treats fully on Personal
Magnetism. Magnetic Healths and kindred
subjects, and how to CURB YOURSELF of
any pain, ache or disease. , In spite of its great
value and' precious contents this book Ms free
to; you— fre« as any gift ever held out by -a
generous hand. There Is • no cost. - no charg*
whatever. Simply write for It and it willbe
sent, by next mail, all charges paid. Don't
¦end any: money, not even a etamp, but send
your name and addrew TO-DAY.' PROF. U
Al HARRADEN. DEPT. II. JACKSON. MICH.
warner's rnrr
SAFE CURE rnLt
? TEJAL BOTTLE OP THE WOELD'S GREATEST KIDNEY CUES SENT
ABSOLUTELY FBEE TO EVERY EEADEB OP THE CALL WHO SUP- .
FEES FROM KIDNEY, LIVEB. BLADDER OR BLOOD DISEASE, OR
WHAT IS COMMONLY KNOWN AMONG WOMEN AS "FEMALE ¦
WEAKNESS."
TEST YQTJR KIDNEYS
If Any of Your Family in This or Past Generations Have
Been Troubled with Kidney Disease, Make a ,
Test of Your Urine and Satisfy Yourself.
ygSBtqij^ Put some morning urino In a glass or bot-
'/jefTSSoSN tle> let Jt stand for twenty-four hours; if
MJW kI'IkSi there a re<^ dl 5h sediment in the bottom of
ffiCfrcgSSggill the glass, or if tho urine Is cloudy or milky,
\v££SSi^H ! J or lf you KPe Particles or germs floating about
Ytibl JlKSiSf in ll t >' our kidneys aro diseased and you
IfHl ttlElMI should lose no time, but get a bottle of Wax-
IjBl nSu[»| . n «r'B Safe Cure,, as It is dangerous to
liilBHi'liSa i« I r.eglect your kidneys for even one day.
J'jy7/#<H®jR;l BrlghfB Disease, gravel, liver complaint,
>T#L*gp«|§^Sf rains in the back, rheumatism, rheumatic
J^j^^^SHBkt • JTout. inflammation of bladder, stone in
the bladder, uric acid poison, dropsy,
¦ eczema, scrofula, blood disease, of-
/^^^l^aaO^^a ' fei ?, sl y e odor from Bweat|n ». so-
>^SgP^S<g^77^^^7^^*lik called "Female Weakness." paln-
/3E££r^«£^^\xJJ«H4?*?sSfcO©reSL ful Periods, too fr^iuent desire to
/J^y^^B^OPgfgCTOTygbs^Wg» * urinate and painRll passing of
/^Sr/^^S^^^S^s^j^f^H^i^^^^k . urine are all caused by diseased
IW ffMxlBHLZJmUJLSm ~ HW^gjBrft m J for 25 years, and used in all promi-
ff !*Wj!9~% la nent hospitals exclusively.
I &C^5* 5 sS.^ ! aSfl CURES KIDNEYS.
t& PJ -ffiritJ&lliM- CT AjJi. VK t 'I> V fy "Warner's Safe Cure has cured me
!a I nrerr er^Mti. la! °^ kidney trouble and indigestion.
n 8*0 a !±iyP ),. J J l'?.~? afc ) 1 « IH Jt Js th<> bept tonic I ever took and
£ fi /?»-' Er«Sffitf^pi v^- Ok BB it has permanently cured me of
ia _4><ict' B~aP&^ira?$. l ES?*3 13 - what my doctor called one of the
Jg jj^^^t-BrateASgB^gjtiB !„ p Cjj>< v IS : : worst cases of kidney disease he
m J\*y* a* BWHOBSaWftwagf V,J A Hn JLT . K Ifl ever came across in his experience.
H &f*\+* °» mW&BEaS&Hk *?*t£V** «. IS It- is the family medicine in this
IB & .00*^ WBfSBMBSSsKm "f^diZ^ta In • P art of lne country."
M 0^ V IB Warner's Safe Cure is purely
JU I i.g'^rdt* KluF&WraXsiSaiBl ¦ u *<OiK.* l «srdj IM vegetable and contains no harmful
M \itt^Zc< t^P^aSSI •'H^'Scri V H drugs; It does not constipate; it Is
M %Q^C*-\Z52ttg!&Bt&s§El CT^hS?Q la most valuable and tffectlve tonic:
M CSf •SSaWSukVSX'^^ti^y^ B It is a stimulant to digestion and
M IJi2<0^ •&& <S^ fipS^- IS awakens the torpid liver, putting
ot6iUTY.NM>«<Ht«T.BUK«).sw»wiooiHtj<eiMA»o 3 ceptl\ e state for the work of tho
oirno bt ccran&co k i d«cys- am o vvt*. 3 rpstorer of tho kidneys. It prepares
fttfhicNt jtoctlcarjgk.'&abibpvi e wtll befaensiH I the tissues soothes inflammation
TV*** r~f\r> krvnr**: i£?' «-ki^~ws«»«i h and irritation, stimulates the en-
I feebled organs and heals at the
«joia fttnonnt of wet*r. or la warm or cold IB * ame tlm0 - J t builds Tip theJjody,
t&ilk bvfan or tfter tnenli to wilt time or ifl gives strength and restores /nergy'
t«»t«>. If It oaoe«>ate«. as it tn»r in extreme |t} that is or has been wasting under
c«i"i*«. r«luce tbr flows or heat it moderately Km the baneful suffering of kidney dis-
aod take after m<»al« la 'warm or cold milk Tl ense ¦
IB nntn tie tcno of tbe rtomach la improTpd. JJ "U'ARXFR'S SAFE CTIRK 1^ note
8 FOR CHILDREK.-Dader 2 ream, one tee- fi m „„ ,„ ,w O r«ul«r «lw« aV*
IB epoonful; uadsr 10, two teaapoonfnla wanned A p" 1 . " p '" r *f " a\ \ ?
& tnaukeo to milk. Keep twweliopen of Btboa i *°' d a ". druggists, or direct, at
ra br Injection?, ot Children end Adnltn by War- 1 A RfJo nnri <t!l OJ) a Hnttlft
I ner's SAFT3 Pills oalT. DUctrd aUDrng* «nfl 1 ouc< dnu 8I>UU d BOXIIO,
fa other ise<Uela*B dnrlcff treatment. Wear flan- n LESS THAN ONE CENT A DOSE.
IB pel or warm clotting:. Price 81.O0 a tattle. R Rrfuse substitutes. There is none
IS »,. COe. and S1.O0 a bottlo. J n "Just as good as" Warner's Safe
fl 7^V O//"* ''^"i' , & A jS$? il Cure. It has cured all forms of
n i-Mft ' ral+ilAjj Zfa^JatJsfcr. £Q* \ kidney disease during the last
\A sC^S'Xt-, _ n OCKESTERfj*.Y»u.r..A.* If:'jxi& I thirty years. It Is prescribed by all
R IS^tyZZZZSZg- f^ ". w ° ?£?"-X" tffimE I doctors and used In the l.^dincc
- lt ,- B 'iwnr<xwTfiif'Tr 1 T» itTiYtniiT - I hosxiitals as the only absolute cure
"tLJ«>14_a»^..^.. 1 1 -\ v. t yw^F£f^m ft a.^JLfJ,'g> for a!1 forms of disease of the kid-
vtmni--fli ? - ¦ vwr *~jC?^SSeBM^ nej', liver and bladder.
TRIAL BOTTLES FREE.
To convince every sufferer from- diseases of the kidney, liver, bladder and
blood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure them, a trial bottle will be Bent abso-
lutely free to any one who will write Warner Safe Cure Co., Rochester, N. T..
and mention having seen thin liberal offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call.
The genuineness of this offer is fully guaranteed by. the publisher. Our loctor
will send medical booklet, containing symptoms and treatment of each disease,
and many convincing testimonials, free, to any one who will write.
'_ ' "f ADVERTISEMENTS. ' . _' _• i _ , j
PRESIDE NT ATHLETIC CLII B '
/Says; " I Owe My Heal to Pe-nirna."
•'III 0* / ' A 1! V
cms* ' ' "* —^i
Herbert Lundberg. 233 East 123d street, New York City. President Harlem
' Athletic Club, writes: -> '¦
The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio:
Gentlemen— '"Jt will probably inter: st you (o knovr that I thank Peruna
for the magnificent health I enjoy. If I, am ever under the weather, get
overworked or suffer from a cold, the use of Peruna for a day or two
quickly restores m j Several members of our athletic club have had tha
most gratifying results through its. use, especially so during the late
epidemic of la grippe. Several of them were completely cured and restored
to perfect hea;th." r£f£ HERBERT LUHDBEBG*}-^.
Hon. Chas. H. Turner. £01 l G street, kep^t getting better. Within three weeks
Washington, D. C. is ex-member of Con- I was not only cured, but felt stronger
gress from New York City, two terms: and. more vigorous than . I had done for
was doorkeeper of the National House of months.
Representatives for four .years. Is a "I believe that the cold took such a
member of Tammany Hall and is very in- hold on me because I was run down In
fluentlal in New York City. He writes: . health, but Peruna restored me to perfect
,. ¦¦•'', ' - , • n ¦ " "" health."— Patrick. Devlin.
"/ havj used your remedy, Peruna, catarrh is an old cold. ' Even tho
>. » h>i«im/ W« .,/iVA entrvf* />//!«,/ ,«trongest. most athletic men are Uabln
as a general tonic with satisfactory - to co f ds ' Aurlns the mOTU hs. a
results. / ha/O many friencs who cold. If neglected, is almost certain to
, . . -. , , •. • . j » cause catarrh of the head, which rapidly
have test tied iO IIS Virtues, and I spreads through the system, setting up
fully believe you have a valuable %$%*£** .
remedy. ~—C. H.^Tumer. ailments would b« prevented by a. pre-
• . - .,.. . . . ventive as well as a cure for colds.
Mr. Patrick Devlin, conductor of Mac- Peruna is such a remedy. If taken at
cabee and Unique Lodge No. 99, writes the first symptom of catching cold It
from 42 Delaware Place, Chicago, 111-, as heals the catarrhal condition before it be-
follows: - . * . .'¦ comes established and makes impusslblo
"Last fall, when I was outside dally in a spread oi .«e drsease. ' Should the cohl
the rain and cold, . I caught a heavy cold, be neglected and result in catarrh. Pe-
to which .. I. „• paid no attention until It runa will " cure, but it will take much
spread, over my entire body and every longer, and wtll result in much unneces-
bone and muscle ached. A most did- sary suffering. - * -••;.
agreeable catarrh of the mucous mem- If you do not derive prompt and" iatls-
branes was the result factory results ?rom the- u$e-of Perv'na.
"Several of the' members of my lodge, write at once to Dr. Hartma"n. giving a
who had been cured through Peruna. in- full statement _of your case, and he will
slsted that I. try it. and rather reluctant- be pleased to give you" his valuable ad-
ly I bought a bottle. I noticed with great vice gratis. • •• ' .
Joy, that it afforded me almost instant Address Dr. -. Hartman. President '. of
relief, and during the following week I The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Q.
.¦¦¦"* LESS THAN
'3W.AYS. '
From
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN; LINE
¦I^VOUBLE ¦ Drawing-Room Sleeping
I I Cars. Buffet, Smoking and Lj.
* -r brary Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars— meals a la carte. 1 Dally .Tourist
Car Service at 6 p. m. and. Personally
Conducted Excursions, every. Wednes-
day and Friday at 8, a. m. from San
Francisco.. The best of everything.
, f :¦'. R;R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET 6T." ! G«n.-Ag«nt P»elflo Cowt
Palace Hotel San FranciscoScientific Society Formed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 22.—
The Stanford members of the Scientific
Society of Sigma XI have established a
chapter here. The following are the
:harter members, all of whom have pre
viously belonged to the society at other
colleges: President David Starr Jordan,
Professors J. C. Branner, O. D. Marx, C.
73. Wing. F. Angell. W. R. Dudley. V. L.
Kelloes. J. C. L. Fish. G. H. Marx. S. J.
Carnett, G. A. Miller and F. J. Rogers.
Murderer Bolag Surrenders.
DENVER, Colo., March 22.— A special
to -the News from Morftrose, Colo., says
Sheriff Taylor arrived at noon to-day
from the Paradox Valley with Charles
Bolag, who is wanted in San Juan Coun
ty, Utah, on the charge of killing his wife
and William Tebbetts last Wednesday.
Bolag surrendered to W. W. Pitts at Par
adox and they were on their way to Mon
trose when they, met the Sheriff.,
REDDING, March 22.— An 118,000 brick
schoolhouse will be built in West Red
ding. A temporary two-room frame
structure will be erected for primary pur
poses on the South Redding grounds. In
order to hold the site, and the present
two grammar grade bulldlngrs will receiv©
needed repairs. In an election held to
day on the proposition of bonding the dis
trict for $22,000 447 votes were cast— 419
for the bonds and 28 . against.' :
Votes for New Schoolhouse.
VIENNA, March 22.— Emperor Francis
Joseph to-day opened the international
3ne arts exhibition in the Kuenstler
tiaus. Prominent among the exhibitors
jb the Paris Society of American Painters,
deluding the works of Hitchcock, Stew
»rt Weeks. Brldgemann, McEwen and
Humphreys. The Vienna critics highly
jompliment the American exhibit and
'specially refer to the work of Hitchcock
uid Stewart. During the course of his
rislt the Emperor praised the American
aorks and asked to see Hitchcock, who
arranged the American exhibit, and ex
pressed regret on hearing that the artist
had gone to Paris. :
Anstrians Praise American Artists.
San Jose— C. F. Fleming, at tHe Herald
Square; D. Palmer, at the Gllsey.
Los Angeles— E. Sheehan, at the Grand
Union.
San Francisco— J. H. Miller, at the Man
hattan; C. Wilson and wife, at the Mur
ray Hill; A. Goldberg, at the Herald
Square; C. H. Lindley and wife. Miss J.
Lindley. at the Navarre; A. Stillman, at
the Hoffman; Miss H. E. Wright, at the
Park Avenue.
Californians in New York.
NEW 7 YORK. March 22.— The following
California ns have arrived:
¦WASHINGTON, D. C., March 22.—Pres
ident Lawson and Secretary Garret of
Columbia Typographical Union No. 101
called on the President to-day and made
Inquiry as to how far the executive order
prohibiting persons In executive employ
from interceding for advancement would
affect officers or committeemen from tak
ing an active part in matters pending in
Congress affecting the organization of
printers as a whole. The President re
plied through Secretary Cortelyou . sub
stantially as follows: ;
¦ "Tiie President directs me to state that
he has come to the conclusion that the
legislation to which you refer Is legisla
tion affecting the interests, not of Gov
j eminent printers as such, but as printers
generally, but if that is the case there, is
nothing in the President's order which in
,any way Interferes with your continuing
to interest yourselves In. such legislation
in the future as in the past, nor is there
the slightest need of any members of the
association to which you refer resigning
for that reason." . ,
President Explains How
. Far a Recent Order
Operates.
RULE DOESN'T
BAR PRINTERS
Y=— sn P. DOWNEY, a salesman with
j ? the Whlttier-Coburn Cora
™"^ pany, IS Fremont street, coin
1 -^ rk mitted suicide last Friday
nlsiht by turning 1 on the gas in
a room in the Burlington Hotel. Downey
came here from the East about a year
ago with his wife and child, and had been
living with them at the residence of his
brother-in-law," J. Henrietta. '1421 Polk
street. He was 33 years old.
¦ Downey -presented himself at the Bur
lington Hotel at 3 o'clock last Friday
morning,' somewhat the worse for liquor,
arid .engaged a room. He gave . Clerk
Kimwood, Peters 50 cents to pay , a mes
senger to carry a note to 304 A O'Farrell
street, where Henrietta kept a candy and
confectionery store. It was afterward
learned that the note contained a state
ment that the writer would not be home
that evening. . At 7 o'clock Friday morn
ing Clerk Peters noticed that the gas was
burning In Downey's room, and using his
pass key heonened the door and , turned
off the gas. • Atythat time Downey was -in
bed, sleeping quietly. At 5 o'clock In the
afternoon Ah Hong, the Chinese bed
maker, heard him breathing naturally
and did not disturb him.
Clerk Peters went to the room at 3
o'clock '< yesterday morning for the pur
pose of ¦ admitting a guest, .not knowing
that Downey had not vacated it. ' Failing
to effect an entrance, the key being in
the lock on the inside, Peters went into
an adjoining room and there detected the
odor of illuminating" gas. An, entrance
was effected at once Into the room occu
pied by Downey and he was found dead,
lying across the bed, with his pantaloons
on. Both keys ' of the gas fixture ¦ were
turned on -fully. .•'....
Henrietta informed the Coroner yester
day that Downey often went on sprees,
and on emerging from them used to be
very depressed and despondent.
KLext Wednesday has been set as the
date for the inauest.
O.-!;!":"I"I":"i"I"I"l"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"l"H"M-#'
E. P. Downey Rents a Room in the Burlington Hotel at an Early
Hour Friday- Morning and His Body Is Discovered- Twenty-Four
Hours Later—Probably Victim of Deliberate Self-Destruction.
PAINT SALESMAN FOUND DEAD
FROM ASPHYXIATION BY GAS
THE SA]ST FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, MARCH' 23, 1902.
Before taking up this case the unani
mous report of the committee in the case
of Spears vs. Burnett from the Seventh
Alabama district, confirming the title of
the sitting member to hl3 seat, was adopt
ed. Several bills of minor importance were
passed at the opening of the session.-
and Rhea.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— Th© Housa
to-day entered on the consideration of
the contested election case of Moss vs.
Rhea from the Third Kentucky district.
In this case the Committee on Elections
divided on party lines, the majority sup
porting the view that Moss has been elect
ed, and the minority that Rhea. the Dem
ocrat, was entitled to retain his seat. In
the face of the returns Rhea. had 158
plurality. According to the contention of
the majority certain votes rejected under
the Goebel election law would transform
this plurality for Rhea Into a plurality
for Moss of 71. An agreement was made
whereby the vote shall be taken next
Tuesday.
the Controversy Between Moss
House Members Consider Merits of
CONTESTED ELECTION'S
INTEREST CONGRESSMEN
table that upon receipt of this notification I
was unable to recall all my subpena servers,
but I do not agree with the conclusions reached
TiTi * « Stetac S\. There *re no ethics about
this service. When a lawyer gives a process
server a paper to serve It becomes the du*y or
f!l e hP,!r?»f,\ s ?r vre f to "1*7* the pa P er entrusted
to him with the least delay and in any manner
that presents itself. • It is perfectly Justifiable
for a process server to make service in any
manner and by any means, and I certainly
r" I , no Vt I>udlate the * ct ot » ma" who wai
employed by me and who sought to serve m»
zealously.
I accept responsibility for the service made
upon Mr. Morgan and the manner in which it
•was made. I had good reason to believe that
Mr. Morgan would not willingly accept s«r
vice, and In making service in the manner is
which he did. the process server employed by
me merely , . fulfilled his duty as a process
server. va9Bafc<aaife«MaB I ill >*j' fm ffl Hill
¦ I had previously, endeavored to arrange with
Francis' H. Kellogg, general counsel for the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, that wit
nesses in the case of Power against the North
ern | Pacific | Railroad Company should -be pro
duced without servioe of . subpena, and at time:
which might be mutually agreed on. Although
Mr. Kellogg In the first . Instance agreed witl
Judge Lancaster and myself, in Minneapolis,
that - he - would endeavor ¦ to arrange . this, h<
subsequently announced his failure to do so,
and. notified me .that I must obtain the testi
mony of -witnesses as best I could. "
•It therefore . became my/ duty to my cSen'
to use every means of vigilance to have ser
vice made upon witnesses whose testimony
I . desired. . ¦ Until ¦ half past . 4 . yesterday after
noon I had received no ' notification that Mr
Morgan would voluntarily testify, but I . ha<
been led to , believe . that - he ..would not testify
i unless he was • duly subpsnaed. It is regret
George Alfred Lamb of counsel. for Pe
ter Power made the following statement
In several of -the newspapers of this morn
ing have appeared Items suggesting that the
counsel representing Peter Power in his suit
against the Northern Pacific Railway Com
pany have found or anticipated some difficulty
In securing the attendance as a witness of
either J. P. Morgan or some member of his
firm.
Any such suggestion, whether or not so in
tended, is in defiance of the facts and with
out Justification whatever. Mr. Perkins of
the firm has already appeared and been ex
amined. Mr. Steele of the firm was ready to
appear yesterday at the time appointed, but his
examination was postponed, not at his request,
but at the request of Judge Lancaster, for the
plaintiff. Yesterday afternoon Mr. Morgan re
turned to the city, from which he had been
absent during the pendency of these proceed
ings, of which he knew nothing until on Thuce-
Uay at Washington. Immediately upon learn
ing of the desire for his examination he in
ntructed me to advise Mr. Power's "Counsel that
he would attend at a&y time without subpena.
At once I so advised the counsel, who answered
that this would -be entirely satisfactory, . and
accordingly we arranged for Mr. Morgan's vol
untary appearance next week.
-Apparently because of the inability of the
counsel to reach his process servers, for which
miscarriage he has written to me expressing
regret, Mr. Morgan was served last evening
with a subpena by a messenger who obtained
admission . to his. residence upon the under
standing of Mr. 'Morgan that the messenger
had come from my office, a statement for
which Mr. Power's counsel, disclaims any re
sponsibility and expresses regret if any such
statement was made.
It may " be a matter of news, but it hardly
can be a matter of general satisfaction, that
admission to the private house of any. gentle
man should be obtained, : as stated in this
morning's papers, . by rose, which, of course,
means by deception. In any case such a pro
ceeding would be one for which reputable coun
sel naturally would desire to disclaim responsi
bility. In this case any such proceeding was
unnecessary.
g NEW YORK^March 22.— Concerning the
service of a subpena on J. Pierpont Mor
gan In J the . suit of - Peter Power again3t
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
Francis Lynde Stetson, counsel for'Mor
gan, to-day made the following state
ment:
Messenger Contrives to
Serve Subpena on
J. Pierpont.
REACHES MORGAN
BY SIMPLE RUSE
SALESMAN WHO WAS FOUND DEAD FROM GAS ASPHYXIATION IN
A ROOM IN THE BURLINGTON HOTEL EARLY YESTERDAY
MORNING, PRESUMABLY A VICTIM OF SUICIDE. I .
New Daily for Napa.
NAPA. March 22.— Napa is to have a
new daily paper, the first issue of which
is to appear on April 1. Its publisher is
George E. Caldwell and its name will
be the Dally Reflector. Caldwell has run
a weekly paper here of the same name
for five years past. Caldwell. has been a
strong Democrat, but he announced in
the last issue of his weekly that he was
now a Republican in politics, and that he
would support the State and county can
didates of the Republican party in the
coming campaign.
SAN. RAFAEL, March 22.— John Emery
and Joseph Novelli, who are charged with
criminal assault upon Daisy Rubino, the
8-year-old daughter of Peter Rubino of
this city, were to-day held to -answer to
the Superior Court. The preliminary hear
ing took place behind closed doors.
Little Girl's Assailants Held.
SAN PEDRO, March 22.— The steamer
Hermosa, built at the ship yard of | the
Wilmingrton Transportation Company on
Terminal Island, was launched this morn
ing. The Hermosa will take the place of
the old timer of the same name and will
engage in passenger and freight business
between this port and Avalon, Catalina
Island. The Ilermosa's length over all is
150 feet, she has a 23- foot beam and her
depth of hold Is 14% feet.
Steamer Hermosa Launched.
REDDINQ, ; March : 22.^John Jerome
Kelly, whose father is a San Francisco
banker, narrowly ¦ escaped death last
night in his burning country home, ten
miles east of Redding. The blankets on
his bed were blazing when he awakened
and fled from the house. Kelly, who is
35 years old, has lived alone on his ranch
for some years. He is said to have been
once prominent In San Francisco's social
set. ;'' : -;'^ . - '¦•; •¦ - . '- '
J John Jerome Kelly's Close Call.
19
San Franclsno, Sunday, 23 March, .1002. tj
carpet news from
a modern
store •¦.."-•
o — - — . — : — — — ©
Something like twenty-six crisp new patterns in Bodv
Brussels carnetine; are now ready for inspection in the carpet
store. Our carpet salesmen, most of whom have been in the '
carpet business for years, are unanimously of the opinion that
for "differentness" in design and color harmonies this Spring.
IOO2. line of Bpdv Brussels has never been . equaled' in San
Francisco. ' 7- '< j V~
The brands are: The "Lowell, ' the "Bigelow- Lowell." the
"Whittall" and the "Whittall- Victoria." If you know carpet
qualities, no more than the mere mention of these names is
1 necessary so far as the value is concerned.
| We spoke of ''differentness" above. Really, that is the fea-
ture of the entire line — there isn't a common pattern in the lot.
One of the first pieces that will attract your attention is a pecu-
liar sort of a checker-board effect that looks verv much like
one of the old-fashioned "gingham" dress patterns. Another
eye-catcher is an intensely odd Oriental design — palm leaves
against a deep-blt^e ground. A rarely beautiful pattern is one
with black lace work on a rich red ground, quite a fantastic
border to match. These are just hints of the surprises that this
new line holds in store for you. Come and see them.
Several new pattern in Velvets, that we are offering at
$i.oo. mav interest vou. This price includes sewing, lining and
laying, of coursr..
We are still selling "Roxburys" at 75 cents the yard, sewed,
lined and laid. Not a few patterns, but the entire line, re-
member.
¦jiJ: : -o
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 To 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
DB.-XTLMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRAINED NORSE GDRED
BY SWAMP-ROOT
Used by Hospitals— Prescribed by Doctors.
To Prove What This Wonderful Remedy Wiil Do For
YOU, Every Reader o? The Gall May. Have a Samplo
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
*
MISS ALICE BROWN.
Miss Alice Brown, the well-known trained nurse. Is In a position to speak with
knowledge. She was formerly with the St. Louis Baptist^ Hospital and has had
• many trying experiences In her arduous vocation. She a'dds her valuable testl-
. mony to the thousands already received by Swamp-Root. She said In a signed
\ interview with a Reporter of the St. Louis Star: \
"Although a woman In my position can receive plenty of prescriptions from
" physicians without cost. It was upon the advice of a wdll-known West End Doc-
tor that I began to take Swamp-Root. No. I will not tell you his name, for h«
might not like It. But all the same, I took it when I was run down from eight
work in the sick room. I was thin and yellow and tired even when I rose from my
sleep. Swamp-Root gave me a relish for my food and cleared my blood from Its
stagnant Impurities. Of course I do not praise Swamp-Root as a cure for all
troubles, but it Is splendid for the kidneys, stomach and bowels and relieves fe-
male disorders when all other remedies have failed to give relief. I know of
many cases in the hospital cured by this wonderful remedy.
1519 Semple Ave., St. Louis, Mo. (/^AyCoJL^ '¦ /d^V/rry/v, /
¦ Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, therefore, when through neglect or other causes, kidney
.trouble is permitted to continue. FATAL RESULTS ARK SURE TO FOLLOW.
We of teh see a relative, a friend, or an acquaintance apparently well, but in
-a few days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness, or sudden death,
caused by that. fatal type of kidney trouble — Brlght's Disease.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the great kidney and bladder remedy.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the highest for its wonder-
Ijtpl cures of the most distressing cases. Hospitals use it with wonderful success
In both slight and severe cases. Doctors recommend it to their patients and us«
7 it In their own families, because they recognize in Swamp-Root the greatest and
most successful remedy. A trial will convince anyone— and you may have a sam«
pie bottle sent free, by mail.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or bladder
trouble, or If there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr Kil-
mer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y., who will gladly send you by mall, immediately
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling all
about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of tes«
timonial leUers received from men &nC women cured. In writing to Dr. Kilmer &
1 Co., Binghamton, N. T., be sure to say that you read this generous offer in tha
San Francisco Sunday Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can
purchase the regular nfty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp- Root.
Dr. Kilmer's, Swamp-Root, and the addrea-?. Binghamton. N. Y., on every bottle.
i, n way
Lippitt & Fisher,
•945 Market Street. •
LADIES'
WHITE KID SANDALS
At this time White Kid Slippers are
In vogue; they are simple and digni-
fied: they can be used for all sorts of
dress occasions and do not cost as
much as they did years ago. We will
sell a Ladles' Turned Sole, one strap.
White Kid Sandal, with bow, plain
coin toes and French heels, all sizes
and widths, for 90 cents A PAIR.
Remember the place.
LIPPITT & FISHER
945 Market Street.
"We Give Trading Stamps.MARYSVILLE, March 22.— While at
play this afternoon Maggie McAdams,
the 6-year-old daughter of Thomas Mc-
Adams of Wheatland, was accidentally
shot with a 22-callber rifle, the bullet en
tering the temple. The rifle was held by
a 'playmate. 12 years of age. The wound
will prove fatal. ¦ , *, ,.¦•.•_.>;;.¦
Child Shot by Playmate.
"Therein lies the real motive for these
eight roads which are. already enjoined
insisting on the rest being Included. They
based their action on a plea for justice,
saying it was not fair to pick out eight
roads and discriminate against them
when all the rest were doing similar busi
ness. That sounds well, but I think they
were just wise enough to see that all
the lines combined would make a stronger
fight than eight only, so they took ad
vantage of this discrimination to try to
get the rest included. It would seem they
have succeeded."
• OMAHA, Nebr., March ; 22.— Railroad
officials here are anticipating a blanket
injunction from the Interstate Commerce
Commission to stop the rebating and cut
ting of freight rates. Altnough no order
has been' received up to • to-night it; Is
looked upon as the logical outcome of the
Kansas City proceedings. A prominent
Iraiflc. official 91 the Union Paclflc said to
day: - »'* " ¦ -¦ •¦ .' .-:'•
. "If an Injunction Is issued the railroads
will obey it. Railroads do not violate.in
junctions no • matter how viciously they
.were slashing rates before the Injunction
was issued. Those eight railroads caught
at Kansas City last Wednesday have been
hanging on to I the lawful schedule for
dear life since the proceedings were in
stituted against them. The same strict
obedience- will obtain when the blanket
injunction comes. It will certainly serve
its purpose as long as lt is in existence.
"How long that will be is a question. It
is certain that the issuance of such an
order will result in the Immediate forming
of a great pool between all railroads in
the country, for the purpose of fighting.
Every road will take Its part and it will
be the most powerful and all-embracing
combination ever organized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bitter Figh t Planned In
Interstate Commerce
¦r r Case.
RAILROADS WILL
UNITE FOR WAR
Steamship Cuts Wharf in Two.
-J^ICOUVER, B.C., March 22.^The
here f r«m '&' ° f : Seattle> On her arrlviU
allha w« ! k^way, got beyond control
thiq m^S? in toward the wharf
rever^»l n /- K^ ho machinery stuck, the
Dlainld ¦ ™»lyX eins 'L aH the en&ineers ex-
Sin'W on the dead. center. Whan
f n^- him ?* poison saw .; it : was f impossible
smnii ?!,« °i-*2- run through. a half dozen
frnlti 8 f nd * acow s. he turned the" boat
rtnS?^; a ? d n star ted; ahead with, the en
w^nt 11 * ? pe ?^ : ; The ¦ steamer's . bow
Work? wSiU ely t hrou Sh the Albion -Iron I
knnX«,fl o f and on the others side
£«£[£; ? u e ' trIed to ; back <> u t. ; but was
5fw«ffr •-«•/' " ose , be ?ng i in only six feet
S«« W ". d her forefoot aground. Be
yond some dents In. her/ hull she was not
wlth the rising :
"AnSnH c .? lled , " In Filipino parlance .
*^SSL ntlt \f" be »eved by the members
111 sorts °f wonderful . proper
\Ztnn\?y et amon ff : them is i that which '
w£ El ely protects the fortunate man
and difeale me ° n / hls shlr Vfom^ bullets
;^i1S!S Im , en o* these shirts recently was
V^ a ry ", "^made^f unbleached '
Sicnc « a f nd fl 'i decor{l t€ d ; with -.fantastic! de- '
e ¦? tjshes,; reptiles, .birds and ani
mals, in;, India ink.: 'To these charm, d
shirts is^ttrlbutrdmuch of the reckle^
courage exhibited .by; the; more fanaUcaH
,r W^P^ GTON ' March 22-By an al
mest unanimous vote the House Commit
?h* 1 Z T ?? en Aff airs has struck out of
the Mitchell-Kahn : Chinese exclusion bill
the paragraph prohibiting ships flying the
American flag from 'employing Chineso
chTif S s^, r r°^ l8i0 , n had Proved one of the
chief sources of controversy over the bill
?he p£?fl£°f? and o Representatives, from
111 c c oast States regard this pro
«t-i?P as « moat important. . .
out th^r-^F 6 ™ 1 " 6111 lead 'ns to striking
on th- £»~YJ, Slon was that American ship^
Ja D Ln PS « nl fic com Pete with English and
Would fnri.rJ^', an ° tRat the I latter S hips
would indirectly receive a great advan-
S|| 'at 00 *?^ 111 * the employment of Chl-
Amprirn « per montn . whereas the
nnd «- bI11 > when it reaches the House;
c?nsiderBth nder ,1 t00d " that ' Kahn
tant hi Jn 8al lors'. clause most impor
tent «f il 111 "Sf lnslst u P° n lt to. the ex
measure Pardl2lnK - th e entire exclusion
WASHINGTON. March.; 22.-Charmed
shirts are the'latest In the way of dresses
Ufted by the Filipinos for protection ' in
warfare, J according to mall advices from
the islands.; These are worn by, the mem
bers of a religious; secret .society calle<l
the Coloruman ' organization.', which" in
cludes both sexes, and : whose \ members
are sworn Uo be forever at enmity-'with
v/nite men.. An important official, of the
order Is the charm maker,' who prepares
FILIPINOS WEAR CKABMS.
Fantastically /. Colored Shirts Stir th e
.Courage ; of the Bolomen
Captajn David D. Porter of the Marine
Corps testified that he was present when
General Smith gave Major .Waller his or
ders, which Major Waller never* exceeded.
At the outset Major Waller . warned his
command that they were opposed by a
treacherous and savage foe. and that all
treachery should be punished with death,
and closed with an appeal to the com
mand to remember. the fate of their old
China comrades of the Ninth. .Infantry
ana avenge them. / . v .
The Board of Health is making a strong
effort to Drevent the spread of cholera
There have been sixteen cases and fifteen
deaths among, the natives in two days
and other natives are suspected ofhavintr
contracted the disease. -\ The Importation
£fv.»5I et , able maUer * f rom China is pro
hlbitfoV inspection camps are being estab
lls hed in ever.v district and leaflets are
published advising the people to boil their
drinking water before, using it. -Finally
every one is urged to • co-operate in trie
destruction of this dangerous enemy.
Captain Arthur T. Marix of the Ma
rine Corps, representing Major Waller,
opened the defense by promising to show
five things— the work of the firing party,
the nature of Major Waller's services in
Samar, the treacherous character of the
natives, the conditions at the base and
Major Waller's status there and that the
executions were necessary, lawful and
Justifiable. ~. ,
WASHINGTON, March 22.-War De
partment officials, alarmed by the rapid
increase in disease among troops in the
Philippines and other tropical stations,
has issued an order to commanding offi
cers enjoining upon them the strictest
scrutiny over the habits and morals of
the' troops and requesting them to en
deavor by. personal example to influence
the men to preserve their health both by
abstaining from drink and the liability
of ; contracting j preventable diseases. *
MANILA, March 22.— The prosecution
In the trial by court-martial of Major Lit
tleton W. T. Waller of the Marine Corps
on the charge of executing natives of the
island of Samar without trial, closed to
day. • x
War Department Sends
f.; Unusual Order to
Philippines/.
Important Paragraph Is
Eliminated From Ex
clusion Bill.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards. sell-
Ing — Donator won. Lofter second. Dr. Carriclc
third.. Time, 1:47.
Fifth • race, handicap,- one . mile and a. six
teenth — Van Horebecke won. Banish second.
Petit. Maitre third. Time, 1:49%.
"Third race, one mile and a quarter, selling —
Eugenia S won. El Moran second. Linden Ella
third. Time," 2:11%. '
Fourth . race, new ¦ Louisiana handicap/ 'four
miles — Major Mansir won. Little Tommy'Tuck
er second. Little Elkin third. Time. 7:26%.
Second race, six' furlongs, handicap— Four
Leaf Clever won, Maggie Davis second. Sir
Christfcrher third. Time, -1:14%.- : ,
First race, one mile and an eighth — Love's
Labor won. Chancery second. Boot third. Timi:,
1:60. . . . - . • -
NEW ORLEANS, March 22. — Crescent City
summary: " • -. . - ,
New Orleans Bacing.
BATTLE TURNS
UPON DISEASE
CHINESE MAY
SAIL THE SHIPS
HAVRE, March 22. — Owing to the great
: umber of emigrants awaiting transportation.
U> the United States the French line steamer
I<& Bretagne, In addition to the La Savcle,
will Ball for N*w York to-night with 1400 pas
sengers. Five hundred others remain here
'wing to the lack of accommodation.
AMSTERDAM, March 22. — The Handelsblad
to-day confirms the report that Queen Wll
helmina will not make her accustomed yearly
visit to -Amsterdam in April; her Majesty's in
teresting condition rendering lt advisable that
she should avoid the fatigue which the visit
would entail.
On Monday morning the ladles will
hold a handicap tournament over eight
een holes; - stroke play, for handsome
trophies. . - . ... •
The competition for the Council's cup
for men. of the San Francisco Golf Club
advanced. yesterday to the final round, S.
L. Abbot .Jr. beating 'Warren Gregory 5
up 4 to play. In the opening round T. G.
McConkey beat Captain D. J. Rumbaugh
7 up 6 to play, H. C. Golcher beat Charle?
Page 7 up 6 jo play, Warren Gregory
beat G. B. Cooksey 5 up 3 to play, and
S. L: Abbot Jr. beat Dr. C. J. Decker 1
up. In the second or semi-final round H
C. Golcher beat T. G. McConkey 4 up 2
to play, and S. L- Abbot Jr. beat Warren
Gregory 5 up 4 to play. In the final round
S. L. Abbot Jr." will play against H. C.
Golcher; The course on the Presidio res
ervation is in excellent condition, but a
strong, chilly wind blew across the Iink3
yesterday afternoon. . .: -
Final Bound on Links at
the Presidio.
Golcher and Abbot Will Meet in the
William F. McAllister Is a member of
the Salvation Army of this city and is
stationed at the barracks, at the corner
of Sacramento and Kearny. streets. He, is
not a captain but an enthusiastic private.
When seen last night he acknowledged
having written the letter to Sheriff Gil
strap, and said that he was moved to do
bo by his conversion to Christianity. He
confesses having committed burglaries,
not only in Macon County, Mo., but also
in Atlantic, Iowa, and several other
places. To prove the sincerity of his re
pentance he intends to confess to all his
crimes and stand punishment if necessary.
The standard of the Salvation
Army Is not the only flag that
McAllister has followed. During • the
Spanish- American war \ he served
both in Cuba and the Philippines.
He was a sergeant in Company K, Thirti
eth Volunteer Infantry. He carries a let
ter of recommendation from Captain F.
W. Latimer of Company K, praising in
the highest terms his bravery while serv
ing Uncle Sam. He also served under
Maximo Gomez, when that general was
flKhtlng for the freedom of Cuba. <*
The burglary, about which he wrote to
Sheriff Gilstrapj was committed four
years ago, whil«f the one at Atlantic,
Iowa, occurred In 1890. McAllister was
converted last December, but was not
sworn In as a member of the Army until
February ======^ M
COUNCIL CTJP CONTEST^ ' ";_'•'•¦'
BEACHES LAST BOUND
LYNCHING PLAN
AROUSES JUDGE
Sharp Words Accoxn
; pany Murdsrer's Sen
tence of Death. •
ELIZABETH CITY. N. C,. March 22.—
James Wllcox. was to-night found guUty
of- the murder of Nellie Cropsey. The
jury, after having been out thirty hours,
brought in a verdict of guilty In the first
degree. The prisoner heard the verdict
without apparent emotion. When the
\ erdlct had been, read. Judge Jones- said :
" "It" Is" sadder for me than you, Mr.< Wll
cox. The jury found the facts. I gave
the law. You have had a fair trial. Fart
of the public were afraid to give it to
you. I am informed , that the movement
in the courthouse here Friday when a
crowd marched out was prearranged. I
hope such was not the case. It it is
true and the offenders were brought be
fore me, I would send every man, woman
and child to jail for contempt.
"If the move was tor a purpose it waa
a disgrace to the fair namo of tne coun
try. I hope it did not influence you, gen
tlemen, in the least. The judgment of the
court is that the prisoner be removed to
jail and be hanged by the neck until dead
on Aoril 25." .
Counsel for the defense will appeal to
the Supreme Court.
Fencers in Competition.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— The Naval
Academy fencing team was defeated by
the team of the Washingxon Fencers*
Club to-day, the score being 33 to 33.
President Roosevelt, General Leonard
Wood and the German and French Em
bassadors were among those present. At
the conclusion of the contests the Presi
dent and General Wood took a long walk
through the suburbs of the city, return-
Ing to the White House Jate in the even-
Ing. • "-.»*. i • ;\
Starves Himself to Death.
TACOMA. .'March 21.— Peter Olson, an
eccentric Swede, living a short distance
from Rltzille. died Wednesday night
from the effects of starvation. He has
been troubled with indigestion and finally
refused to eat until his natural appetite
should return. His natural appetite never
came back, and after thirty-eight days of
fasting death occurred. He was about 53
years old and had lived in Adams County
for sixteen years.
MACON, Mo., March 22.— A letter came
to-day to Sheriff I. W. Gilstrap from- a
man signing himself "William P. McAl
lister, Captain in Second Corps E, Sal
vation Army, San Francisco," and stating
that he had committed a burglary In Ma
con County in the fall of 1897 and would
come to.Macon at his own expense, plead
guilty and take his penitentiary sentence
like a man if the authorities here wanted
him. The penitent burglar's letter, | after
reciting the facts'' of the burglary, says:
"Now for the crime I committed there.
I am ready to . answer - to the j law. Of
course I do not /want • to igb toil the peni
tentiary; few men do, but if . you . want
to send me . there I will go without any
trouble. If you refuse . to ¦ prosecute will
you please be so kind as to send me t,he
name ¦ and address of •'- the party whose
store I burglarized, so that I may make
restitution to him. 1 Not very long ago
the power of the Lord Jesus Christcame
into my life and wrought a mighty change
there, and for his dear sake; who has re
deemed me from sin and shed In my heart
the sweet Influence of his spirit, I am
ready to endure anything that I may
place myself right with the law and the
people whom I have wronged. ¦
"WILLIAM F. MCALLISTER,
"603 Washington street, San Francisco,
Cal."
William McAllister Writes to an
Eastern SherifE Describing His :
Conversion, and Inviting
Punishment.
Letter'. Prom This City to
:¦¦.-. Missouri Tells of Old .
Crime. . ¦ ¦ ¦! • • ;.
Salvation Army Private
WillmgtixGoto
Prison. •¦¦ ¦-. -.;.:.; .
PENITENCE
IMPELS HIS
CONFESSION
THE SAN FKAXGJISCq : CALL, SUNDAY, MMCH ,23, 1902.
20
CHRONIC DISEASES TREATED EREE UNTIL iCURED.
i To 'all-, beginning treatment with Drs. Shores and Shores. San Francisco's leading sDeclall^ta TUTS mvvvk tn nw,™ tn. »v> nn Ki<-
] that there Is a PERMANENT CURE for CHRONIC DISEASES (that are curable) thf dSs glveTheif p^ofe^onal s^ces NtIe and
¦ IotS USE^ EE t0 a " aPPy BEF 9 RE MARCH 30. THE ONLY EXPENSE to ™tS * p?tf«t P ™m SS «m^ thl
\^^€> : '^^A- Many Will Be Cured for. 50 Cents.
/^^¦^^&<-^0^^^ LY r^ P T? R^l S^n E K CIAL ?^ FE -^ YOU ONLY PAY FOR TIIE MEDICINES ACTUAL-
M^^^^^^S^iM% wu^no^exceej 3^ Torino whofemont 0 h. Cent3 - mOSt C3Se3 ° f Chr ° niC dlSea&a
Sol . If . ycu have catarrh; If you are deaf; if you suffer from asthma or lung trouble; If you
toybjrK^'^f^^ss^n^iig ? re h r chronic * iim^- thia is y °- opportunity
w H^ Y O^ R^^. T ,' £5* SPEXD MONEY ON -FAKE PATENT MEDICINES-
rfW-TP^wSSTv CONTAIN COCAINE. OPIUM OR .POME OTHER DANGEROUS NAR-
B*'T-^^^i^^?f?V?SSsS«iJ?i /" „,.,"'" " on >ou can K*t expert medical treatment practically free" THIS GR-VND
I'^WWW PLT TH^ W R F^ ES Ti N^T E^^ AT ON ? E ' A - ND IIOI^ )S GOOD TO ALL WHO ApI
\ '^&^^^^^^^^^M TO ALL DO NOT DELAY. START IN AT ONCE. CONSULTATION FRE*5
1 «^ ; i PERMANENT" CURES.
«V i^^ ¦ Mr " RobPrta says: ."I AM A CARPENTER • ' /%.-^ f^>k*Z£& vW
\ BY OCCUPATION and live at 349 Pierce st., jtg U^j
A. wW&ISfsii&' this clty - X HAD BEEN A VERY SICK MAN /»£ \
--^Js-^S&^^^i-S^^K. F OR OVER ONE YEAR when I applied to Drs.  :^'.\ '¦'
fd^Wl&&£S^b^&!F%$is&~ Shores for treatment. MY LUNGS WERE &f'l _ .,n w.^
/WM^^W%m^^- ' AFFECTED; I had had several hemorrhages ffirf jgg', ggX\
' U{lWM%^MM&WU^Zr^' My , ? TOM ACH was bad; I had CATARRH. •«? "^ V * &&}$
ani1 J Was ln a bai1 sha P e in ever >' way. and \f^'i ,
l VaS "° run llown l was ENABLE TO WORK \\ » '
¦¦¦ L W WIV Jor FOlKStHS .'si'S U med!C ' n^ WV
- MRS. J. JOHNSON. TTsjnv£< TOUNDsV SaGHT™ N^^i "l Ilfef di^S^^ '
\.130 Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco, Cal.. ABLE TO WORK NOW, AND FEEL FINE fv »'li iffi '
- ¦ ' ¦ . - : ¦ .¦ ¦ : EVERY WAY THANKS TO BB<? 1 ' lil'S \ "•* 4 * fc < 1 '/
PHRnNIP PATARRH skill. . ¦ 1O UKS - shor es til Mil \ fit
¦ ¦UMKUmU -UAIAKKH..-;.. ¦ ¦ .. It „ now ovcr three months slnce r ; y ,- . f|» : ¦
Mrs. Johnson nays: " "I have been a = sufCerer taken any treatment, and I feel NO RETURN \t> 3j*X*.
from chronic catarrh for years. Nearly always °f m V fid trouble. IT GIVES ME PLE VSt'nV U • SV\
had a cold; my nose would stop up,.- and. lor' to SPEAK A GQOD WORD FOR n»c -IMSSi' \- -
weeks at. a time I could scarcely ., breathe SCORES. FOR THEIR TREATMENT haU lA N.-^ ' / ibL
through it. I suffered with headaches and waa WORKED WONDERS IN MY CASE* WOTV \ / »'«?V
greatly run down in every way. "Any one doulninK this testimonial is at rxr >^ !^»r - S^?\
"This was my condition when I applied to fe et liberty to call rn me an.l I will slnau-
Drs. Shores & Shores for treatment, about two verify the truthfulnrss of the same *> lau '5
months ago. I can say Dre. Shores' treatment "(Signed) . ;-. ED ROBEPTS - * *$& .
and medicines helped me from the start.V No "349 Pierce st.. San Francisco Cni •• EDWARD UOKEKrs.
more headaches; my noee does not stop up any xmiw*,* ¦><••... • VH »- ¦ ; 34!) Pierce street, San Francisco f>l
more and' I breathe >free. I feel better and ¦.'¦'- WEAK WIPN. - DAV uiLTM
Btronger. In every way. -and, take pleasure, ln If you suffer from any of th« w-»kn M ... " *^ AT "»* EW.- CU??VD.
recommending- Drs. Shores' treatment to L all diseases caused, by . ignorance "excess J^« We rurf " vou flr -' t ar >d then ask a" REASON,
sufferers from catarrh, for their, treatment, has tag.on— YOU ARE THE VERY PERsrw ABLE FFE when yju arc cured. You can d'e-
certalnly done wonders for me. : • AV^NT TO TALK TO ¦ WUAI VVE pend uprn « ur wnrrV .Hundreds of patien'9
" ( .^ gn -. Pc lV „, "MRS. J. JOHNSON. - M'e have proven our skill In curW CHnnvtP have Indorsed us. NOW WE WANT TO CURK
"430 Golden, Gate ave.. San. Francisco. Cal," diseases by publishing the many voluntarf t<« Yo , u - With thedL-tlnrt -intlerstandir.s that we
' . timonials of home people, glvinc narnp, r,^" 7-' 1 ' not t!<>rn!lr|f l n FEB until w» cure you.
¦ QPTPIAI TICO turcs and addresses. • S"«ns. names, pic- We cure LOST MANHOOT>. Semna! Weak-
OrDUIrtLlltO. .; . W~* fllN'l PUBLISH nilD" n f, ES - Sr/rmatirrJioon. Ocr-^rrhopa. sVphJUs and
:issssi liliiilpii Mmm^j^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Friedman's Hurniturg __
Mahogany Finish, hand polished. A very restful High Back, -. prettily
.inlaid head piece. Gobelin tapestry seat- Handsome, comfortable, durable
Putting Prices oq Cushions
in the Drapery Department X^^^^^^^^wMi
The season for large cushion sales is almost
over so we put our prices all in your favor. S'^^^^O^^^CISW
5.50 Oriental and flowered silk, artistic pat-
terns, rich colors; filled with down, 3.85 l^^^^^*rV^^i
4.00 Silk Sofa Cushions. Knotted corners. 4^^^^^^^^^^L
L'Art Nouveau and other patterns, 2.75 ™"^ ¦¦¦i^m r l iij
2.00 Art Cushions. Beautiful faces and scenes. Fine feather filled, 1 .20
1.30 Oriental Feather Filled, Lined. Cord and Tassd Comers, 80 Ceatt
"the Credit House? Six Stories Hi^h.
233-235-237 Post Street. Phone Private Cx 37-
ijnrm nrnrm mitmrmnrnMiMfr mm wnr 1? w^
I GRAND OFFERING IN NEW TAILORtMADE SUITS FOR EASTER, J
JP Tou are especially in\ited to see the most brilliant array of New Tailor-made Siults— a chowlnsr that is of Incalculable importance to women about tahni their new Easter —
£- Garments. Never was a better opportunity presented to select from a richer collection of real swell new modes than will be shown here to-morrow We emDhasize their' faultless —
fc; character, the perfection of style, of the elegance of finish, the accuracy of fit and most emphatically do we pronounce every price a revelation. A hearty welcome awaits you whether —
+ Intent on purchasing: or not. ; ... - ¦¦ . .• . * ., c *. ; ' "
I Wash Shirt ¦¦^^'¦¦ t^^ '¦^^¦' Slew Ladies^" i
I Waist Display. j^w]\ /A\\ -^OTv :v r lra\ Suit D8partm3nt. |
The most com- C^?/Vl >^/^ ll >^ K^t^\ ' \ll JjT>\ '" p3;KvpllS?Sl^I i
plete line of Wash // yC^M^/ \ \ /Wi^^~^ \\$/&r short time when our .^
g Waists in white and F tiS^/ /^"^^^^Wl^^^\ fr\/*^ new Ready-to- Wear
t= colors, on sale to- M/ 1 -\ /( - * j A IE \ Department will be
morrow. The New r I JhsJ I \ \ ready on the second
feet and the tailor- /jrn • •» yv /riH^ /^. VS. >a J=^\a\ sor ne of the greatest t.s
£ made. You should [/ IhL I V/V 1 VTT\ / i^l \ \ //^ll 1 ¦ values -ever known jp
fc see our exhibit yjl Jh\/\ jZ^fir^Tj^// I i^*/ a/i^I 1 ln suits » skirt s, Ra g: 5
ernu _ New Etoo Tailor-made Suits, made of fln» ml * ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ ¦m^mmb^^^^h^i^™ „ ¦ _ • " • - .. • . •. • ¦ ¦ , '. -
& SUITS rWa^a»tSS; G ,S y rt Q Q |1 3 F 8 tP R k SZt,, MWI^^^^^^MM
2= PIT rn t" graduated flounce; finished with tailor U U 0 1 0 I U OfilElUl BlOUSe SultS O»'ord Gray and Blwk; Jacket silk-lined and Z
S= 517 50 ¦etched bands: crefectly Uilored. Elegant w V|lillMIW «* Hill VI (ifl^c r»,t HS JitV c>^ U1 J,,- ood ; Taffeta; skirt nicely
£= ' OlitJU Vilue « 817.50 Suit A .rreat advance showing of the latest $10.75 EaOll -tlS^iSt S& m™"5 U ? ing: a splendid fit- .^
S= BeauUful collecUon of Etamlne. Venetian and fashions; many exclusive ideas and effects - K special leader to-morrow. at.... ¦....-. 3
g— I f^tooms Broadclcth Gibson Suits: exceedlmtly swell ef- In PEAU DE SOIE. TAFFETA. CREPE .•••". • — $10.75 , Suit -^
~Z CIBSON fecta, in Blouse and Eton style; beautifully DE CHINES. ETAMIXES. BROADCLOTH Now -,,,„_ ,T^ e ., new GIBSON BLOUSE SUITS'- made ; =3
*~ SUIT trimmed with band, of Taffeta and Moire: and VENETIAN. Soecial prices to-morrow. NeWCIbSOn with the latest plaits over^shoulders: 1 taffeta
$25.00 SS L B^a^7-r^V° h^ BP -' Silk Dress Skirts at $10.50 to $45 Ea. ? 9 o r n e h SS S3f^^~ < S^ ln S& 1 S d^ : :5
E uu Cloth Dress Skirts at $5,00 to $25 Ea, $20.00-ach s^^g^g^ffatS^g^
| THE BtST $1.00 mlk THE StASON'S GREATEST SiLK OFFERING. noirori -J>^ni 7*i. "« ''**° ™ |
fc: CREPE DE CHINE 2»OO YARDS PANNE F|v| S H PEAU 6- SO E on Special Sale at PRIESTLY BLACK* DRESS GOODS 3
OnSaleHereTo-Morrowat 11 a k t^S^rWoKUrAQp
»- &WT woman who has the pur- /-fc f-' »°f of Pa"°e finish peau de sole to sell at almost incrpdlble prices. That U C U C /T SOes On Bale to - morrow - =2
chase of a stylish silk costume In V K fi y ?£ may be , tter appreciate what the sale mean* we will say that these v/TniT superior and outw M are unequaled— they are
Z= mind Bhould take advanUiffe of this OD\j !S? &t J f f » a 8Upe^ ">* are *»*& *elllr>gr at 85c yard. A very YARD pri P ced at *i?so ?" « «> V l v ?% er % S %T i *, ny
epecial price. CREPE DB *°£ t and lustrous silk, so popular now for complete dresses or, waists, in colors of a speclap offerin* of th» «n ? ti r ond^ y
g»: 7 ,. .. r- rtr - . «.. ' * ••• YaM VALUE <T>A..\JjC^D YARD. =3
A SALE OF NEW SPRING DRESS GOODS. EXTRAORDINARY WASH GOODS SELLING 3
§i vr^ T ! h : ?, e > Sp8Clal Leaders at S«-00 Yard. «« < ?2r»£re'£^ -- feat- 3
E Kjr^^^xs&r*. -—cVT^Tw^ ssrsa-si! %
£ Basket Etamine,S s e te L r Q 0^ d ] In all ftl HH 9cYartV SSi^^^Sg?. j2^^i'^S&;2ftiiS 3
S^ Creps de Paris I the Spring XSSP^c' VI . U I BPeclal 8aJe Mon<1 !L^:---- 00 *"* g&™ 8 . s r n a8O s ? r^ hol^ t SSff W* -
g Voile de Etamioes J CoIorinTs CH ° 1CE V I "yard" EMBRODRFD SWISSES -----
n ! — 25C Yard. summer fabrics NEW CALATEA ISC YARD -12
g IMMENSE SALE OF WHITE WASH CHIFFONS. ; a ?:™..^i%a -S&2Ffflg ! £%& ggT»J g
i 2KH?jS t r S!a '''"«™ TREMENDOUS LACE PURCHASE."* 3
& White Wash Chiffon 50 Inches Wide. &&£S&£^^£S^^ £%£&&* |
| — — — ;^=gg BAK^
?~ 'rtW nave ready for you to-morrow a handsome lot ., }f et we< *'* Lining Sale was so successful that we have VlltJU v38 L|\ " L I I I ijtIA IN
f~~ ft new and Ftrikir.g ideas in exclusive effects of 811k aecl(Jed to repeat the offer, giving you the most extraordl- ¦ - : • ', > v -*»
ST: Waists, which you should come and se«. They are the nary LInln * bargain of the year. The wonderful Petticoat business w « a » -. =2
very latest models, specially Imported for Easter. 6 ?C SILK MORE N FOR 32c YARD. drmon a Serb;yoL lt X U E fi =5
•= i , This Is the very best quality, extra heavy, used so much values stand unequaled I and because °wl ell if . H 1 1
| Black Silk Waist Sale Monday. B^^SOf^^^^B S$S0BS&Sl l» 1
£ aleeves. well worth $5. Monday only «3.65 eacS £ST buffi 1 ? "/ uSSSSSZ bSrtS? S^..fffiS I2C 'SS^SSS^ 0101 * 11 * 1 "«
I Greatest Sale of COUNTRY '¦RDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION ••.••¦*?•»? e »ch -2
g $(.00 GLOVES J^**^* jmmk Jhrnta T$$96£U\ B^P^VELVEriilBBONS
Here To-Morrow. M 1 S ti(MmWWilIi y §/%TWS\ -tT^^\^^t ? b 3
r= By far the sreat^t Gloves ever known will M fAS 'M ' iffl/M WM 'Mlj&M &M *m/MiJ?M W 1 \?^ ,, Anoth " money-savlng opTortunuJ fZ\ =5
WffWM W Y^V^LTA^^^l!^^ 3
•— These are made or the finest Italian Lamb. ~^§££? **r*- j JT • ,¦•. quality satin-back: inese are the best — m
T^. fir.iEhed in the t^st possible manner; the latest " »^ *m^- • Xo. 1 4Oe Dlecp p»_,,. , ' : ~^S
>~ Ftitched backs and fashionable clasp; In all the TTT~~9 w ' - Vtifffi^ No. 2— At « V o 5 Va «V? Piece — -
•^- new colorings; every pair fitted and raarm- '"""Li". ' .L ' jL""i-l |l milJ L^^ U.J—IP* f,L - 1- |Lm'^ No - 8— At.'."" ' 'lib varrt «^ r «i n% a P |ece Z^
Er teed. The grandest value in San Francisco 4 ~ At - ••'•'•• ytrd or 81 !l 5 a piece !f5
im^miumaiiauuuiiiiiiiuuuuaiiiwuiiiJUiiuuiiuaaui.^iu^u^ttiuiumiiiiiwaiHm
aF special prices \
in savings at the Owl this week. No use to pay double %
/Sr the worth of drugs as long as The Owl Drug Co. is running a %
jW store in San Francisco and quoting such prices as these. These j«
I goods on sale until Saturday night, March 29th. Telephone WV
orders delivered— —South 356. Open day and night. • *-i\\
I Packer's St Laurence's Murray & Lanman's t\l
[ Tar Soap 1 cake of each 25c Florida Water 45c I \|
¦ L'tuallr «elli at ist>« cake each— two Large tire— fine for the bath ||j
cakes thU week for the price of one Ml ' ' C l f *_i III
Hunfer Pw Whukov «i N*kon s root Comfort ' .15c III
j uuiiici njri nillSACy ¦ }I Repilar a jc other placet— Ovl'i price Wjl
Qaart bottles — repular $1.50 tize— soc — good for tired and tore feet 11 1
• Owl t regular price fi.;j .., ,. , -^ ,-. _ • li I
in Alkn'c M*!f WaicWv, ac Woodbury Dental Cream 15c i/f J
\\ Allen s Ma t Waukey 65c The owi .iw. r . .eiu it « toc-othe.- -Jfl
j One collar it the regular price— our Mores charge 15c I • ' If !¦
i" . Dpvnal'c Far* Dnx+'Jar " Mt\~ Anita L-TCam . 3UC [Tn
ft, KeynaiS race rOVkacT 4OC Ordinary rtoret charge soc, the Owl 40c ill I
H\ WtSftS^ ' IOB Mir 0 '" 0 ' T °° th P0Wder 2OC I
*\ wiicn nazei ioc A IeadU tooth A h » ene r»iiy kill
WAV RepiUr 15c kind .clitfon 5 c * ///'
W^ Send for o\»r new catalogue — just out ////Ernest Miller, a sailmaker, was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging him with
assault to murder. The . complaining wlt-
Struck His Wife's Frfend.
>; Jeremiah Ross", a sailor, beat his wife
on the head. yesterday, and to escape ar
rest put to sea. The injured woman had
to be sent to the Central Emergency Hos
pital for treatment. Mrs. Ross says she
will have her brutal spouse axrwted
Sailor Beats His Wife.
Big Sale of Harness.
All goods marked Jrt- plain figures'. Spe
cial 10 per cent dlscount'.Wednesdays and
Saturdays. Leibold '-: Harness 'Co., . 211
Larkin street. >;; • -,..-¦ •
Frank D. O&llvie, a recent arrival ; from
St.'; Louis, .was; arrested yesterday by\ Po
liceman Greene arid was .locked' up In
Vthe tanks,'.';, pending an Investigation • as
to^ his doings in this ' city. • He ' has a prac
tice ? of : passing wort hless checks upon un
suspecting people,' and at least. one charge
for. forgery will be made against ' him. ;
: During the month of ; January Captain
Bold Scheme of Soldier,
Frank D. Ogilviels : [
Exposed.
Adolphus Lauckon, a discharged sol
dier, from Cleveland, Ohio," -who Js stop
ping at the International '.Hotel, applied
atrthe Receiving Hospital last night for
treatment. .He said he was clubbed and
robbed of $120 in a saloon. , He was slight
ly bruised about i the jaw. >' No, credence
was placed in his story/of robbery.
Claims He Was Bobbed.
Michael Moran. a ship's cook, got fight
ing drunk Friday night and threatened
to kill Manager Cook of the Central The
ater. He was thrown out and went into
the saloon adjoining the theater, where,
he started a row and was again thrown
out. He next went to a restaurant close
by and brpke two windows. He waa ar
rested and appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday. He was very penitent and the
Judge -continued the case till to-morrow.
Ship's Cook on the Rampage.
FORGES ORDERS
ON MERCHANTS
Seymour • received a letter from Matthew
Kiley, Chief of Police . of - St. Louis, that
Ogllvle had -apparently | left 'there , for.= th'ft
city after having victimized a number^ of
members of the Caledonian Society there
by,/ representing : that he, was a : member
in good standing of Clan" Campbell No.. 1
and passing worthless checks ; upon " trfem.
Chief Kiley added that * none '¦'< of : his vic
tims * would bear the * expense ¦ of bringing
him back there for trial, but he suggested
that the '" Scotch societies ¦¦ . in • this : city
Bhould-«be- warned! to- look- out" for him. .,
Captain -Seymour at once -notified the
Caledonian Club and St. Andrew's Society,
and when Ogilvie called upon John Reid,
ex-president of the Caledonian. Club,' after
his arrival here, .' he < discovered that ; his
crooked v dealings :;. in ¦/ St.. f- Louis -•: were
known to the members . of the ' club.
• Being foiled in . this means of obtaining
money, he hit upon ¦ the ' scheme to " set < a
lot ; of .blank ; orders * for ' delivery ' of koo<Is
in the, name .,? of .the California .Hotel,
which : he \ filled • in • and ¦ forged • on , them
the name of . J. . W. Wrenn, chief clerk.
By .'this? means - he .. secured. , goods • from
Roos Brothers ;.~Colman '& Co.', hatters:
M. A'. Gunst, . cigars, / and : the ; Rosenthal
Shoe Company.-Theremay.be many. oth
ers, < and Detective Dlnan ¦ is .' trying • to ' lo
cate-his ; room to find Just what he has
stored . there. . .
% Ogllvle 1 , was discharged from /Troop D,
Eighth Cavalry, at Fort Rlley. Kansas,
in September; 1900. He is about 30 years
of age and a native of Scotland. On ar
riving- here he applied for a situation. to
the: Pacific Hardware ' and > Steel Com
pany, and had the audacity to refer. them
to Simonds &.Co.. of St Louis, who re
plied, detailing Ogilvie's trickery in that
city. '- ." ;V-'-» -, .-:'* ¦ . ~;r ¦ •¦ '
E^L 18 T^ 1111 *™ I^J«*l.'a cook. Uvlivp; at
517 Sanchez street. Lejeal waa in the
habit of calling upon MUler's wife, who
vr see . kln S a l . d , 1V€ L rc *' "id on the night of
March 4, while Lejeal was leaving the
Miller resldenca, Miller hit him to th©
head with a wire lath, knocking him
down and cutting open his scalp.
Lot 23x100. north line of L street 22-8 fret
east of Tenth avenue, for $700; 1^25x120 east
line of Eighth avenue. 225 feet north of K
street, for $800; lot 25x120. »«,!«?, Ninth
avenue. 58 feet south of M street for MSO- lot
25x120. east line of Seventeenth avenue 275
feet north of I street, for «700: lot 25xr>0 ea«t
line of Nineteenth avenue 150 feet tiorViT J>£
J street, for $700: lot 50x100 noSh ?£• %
California street. 82:6 feet east of Twemr
third avenue, for $800; lot 100x100 northwest
line of Edlnburg street, in block 37 Excel«fn,
Homestead, for $1000. ' """'or
McEwen Brothers report renewed activ
lty in their Santa Fe tract at Point Rich"
tnond. Sales ha\-e been excellent during
For G. W. W right to Charles K. Mclntosh,
&"»«? ? «*"*;?<*«"• for $6500; for W. X.
Frazer to J. P. Coward, 107 acres near Mar
tinet for $6500; Thomas Magee & Sons have
leased the nremisee at 121-123 Beale etreet for
f^"l3 000 Ge °**« Porter for five years
safes • G * tZ & Br °' report tbe Allowing
Davidson & Leigh have sold to Henry
E. Bothln for 8. A. Brooks lot 40x65:6
feet and brick building on the south line
of Clay street. 80 feet east from Front
street, for $11,000.
David Bush & Son report the sale of
the following:
North side Lombard, east of Fillmore, lot and
improvements, 25x137:6 feet, Mrs. R. H.
Haaelton to Edgar D. Pelxotto, $5000; Sher
wood-etreet property, running through to Hunt
street, 60x110 feet. Thomas W. Butcher to
Alexander H. Bailey. $6750; north side Sutter
street, weet of Scott, lot and improvements
84x100 feet, sold by R. H. Raglan, $7650; three
flats south side of Jackson street, east of
Baker, 25x127:8%. purchased by Charles Ehn
from N. P. and W. P. Spencer;/ residence
north side Clay street, east of Webster, 27:6
X114. eold by Susan Kehler to Edgar Storror,
$5000; three flats west side of Webster street,
north of Eddy. 27:6x100. sold by Samuel Ka
llsky to Mrs. Julia Cunningham, $13,500; two
fine flats north Bide of Sutter, west of Fill
more. 24:6x137:6, sold by Charles Ehn to Mrs.
J. Menz. |S500: west line of Capp street 100:9
eooth of Twenty-fourth. 32:Gxll7:6. Mrs.
Michael Moran to James Kearney. $5S50.
For Mrs. Bertha A. Behlow, residence on the
west line of Octavla etreet, 68 feet north from
Pine, with lot 39:0x137:6, for $12,500;. south
west corner of Webster and Kilts streets, 37:6
x£7:6. with two stores and flats, for Metha
Rone to Nathan Dusenbery. for $11,100; lot
23:5x120 feet on the south line of Geary street.
204:5 feet west from Franklin, for Nathan
Dusenbery to Edward K. Clarke, for $10,000.
the Improvements consisting of four flats; to
Charles Schlesslrger for Lex-I M. Kellogg, lot
22:11x60 feet on the south line of Union
Square avenue. 160:5 feet east from Stockton
rtreet. for $9000.
Eeston Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing sales:
¦ Dr. Hartland Law has bought of A. R.
Fredericks the northeast corner of Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, - 86:8x137:6
feet, for $42,500. Mr. Fredericks bought
this property through the agency of Flor
in L. Jones & Co. about two months ago
for less than $35,000, the same firm resell
ing it for him at this handsome advance.
Mrs. Fabian has sold her residence on
North Broadway, S6:6 feet east of Van
Ness avenue, to Frederick W. Baker for
$13,080 through the same firm, 52:4x137:6.
The firm has also sold the southeast cor
ner of Fillmore and Union streets, 34x87:6
feet, for Mr. McCooey to Mrs. Johanna
Behrendt for $3500.
• Speck & Co. have made ¦ the following
sales: : ; .;
Lot 50x127 :oV», with dwelling, on the south
line of Jackson Street, 124 feet east from
Franklin street, for the estate of Anna Conn
to Thoma* A. Losh. for $21,500: to William J.
Green tor J. B. Fuller. J28 acres in Tehama
County, with house and barn, for $12.S00; to
H. H. Thurman for C. C. Murnhy. 55 acres
near Naua for $8000; to J. W. Sltasgs for J.
B. Gilmore. 1128 acres in Tulare County for
$1I.£SO.
To B. F. Brlssac, a four-story brick build
ins en the north line of Mission street, 3M2 :C
feet east from Fifth street, with lot 2OxU0
feet, for- F. W. Zehfuss, lor $.'i5.0oO; also. In
connection with Thomas Magee & Sons, 40x80
feet on the south line of Mission street, west
from Fourth, with two old residences, for $25.
000: clsi. the Lor is ton, on the south line of
'Bush street.' between Powell and Mason streets,
with lot 46xt>7:6 # feet, the Improvement* being
a w-room boarding-house that rents for $1SO
per month, the price being $25,000.
Additional sales are reported by Thomas
Magee & Sons as follows:
t South line of Jackson street, between Web
eter end • Fillmore streets, 25x127, with im
provements. $20,000; west line of Gough street,
between Post and Geary streets, 27:6x110.
$7000; north line of Broadway, between Fill
more and Steiner. S2:Cxl37:ti, $5560: southeast
comtr of Drumm and Commercial streets. 30x
75. with L of 25x28 feet. $17,400; west line of
Webfcter etriet. between Pacific avenue anil
Broad wry. 40x107 :tt feet, to Mrs. Harriet Ket
tle, tor $12.2uO.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have also sold
the following:
Largo transactions In realty have taken
place during the past week in this city.
Baldwin & Howell have sold to one pur
chaser £5x80 feet on the west line of Ma
son street, with two-story building:,
also 23x115 feet on the north line of
O'Farrell street, 80 feet west from Mason,
with two-story building. The first trans
action represented JS5,000 and the second
one $23,000. Upon these two properties a
modern building will be erected. The
brokers will not name the purchaser.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold 23x120
feet on the south line of Sutler street,
between Grant avenue and Stockton, with
two-story brick and frame structure
thereon, for $27,000. A. E. Buckingham
and Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have effected
the sale to Armarid Callleau of the ad
joining properties of J. V. Montealegre
and Felicitas and Manuela Gallegos on
the north line of Sutter street, west from
Powell. lor $45,000. The joint frontage
amounts to 44 feet, with a depth of 137:6
feet. "Wright & Ewell have purchased for
clients the Elysium property on the
north Hne of Geary street. 62:6 feet east
from Jones, for $140,000. On the lot,
which is 75x77:6, is an almost new six-
Btory building, which brings in $S30 per
month. The lot on Powell street for
merly used by the Cosmos Club, imme
diately adjoining the St. Francis Hotel
Eite on the north, has been bought for
the Crocker heirs for the sum of about
$230,000 from Daniel D. Randolph. The
lot is 80:6x137:6. Baldwin & Howell were
the brokers for the purchasers. The en
tire frontage on the west line of Powell
street, between Geary and Post, now bo
longs to the Crocker heirs, with tha ex
ception of the southwest corner of Pow
ell and Post streets, which is owned by
Levi Strauss.
Other sales of considerable importance
are reported by Baldwin & Howell as fol
lows;
Large - Figures Involved in
Some Transactions of
the Week,
Valuable Realty Finds
Buyers Ready to
Take It.
CHOICE SITES
ARE IN DEMAND
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO CALL^SpiSTDAY^ MARCH 1902.
21
the past week and the outlook Is good.-
G. H? Umbsen & Co. will auction realty
Easton. Eldridge & Co. will sell realty
at auction on Tuesday next. -
Sol Getz & Bro. will offer a tract of
about sixty lots in the Excelsior home-
stead tract for sale in subdivisions. The
property has been purchased by the
brokers named from the administrator of
the estate of Annie Cummlngs.
Charles L. Quast has succeeded to_the
real estate business of John Prorr, with
which he has been prominently connected
for ten years.— ' ''" ' V M « x^.
On April 1 Easton, Eldridge & Co. will
auction the realty belonging to the estate
of Joseph M. Wood. The following are
the properties on the catalogue:
. Building lots on the west line - of Steiner
street, between Vallejo and Green; Pacific
Heights building lot on Broadway, near Steiner
street; on Union street, - near, Oough; lot. on
the northwest corner ¦ of Mission and Brook
streets ; northeast corner of San ¦ Jose avenue
and Brook street; southeast • corner of Sanchez
and Dorland streets: magnificent -Van. Ness
avenue building lot; lots . on Seventeenth . ave-
nue and on Green street; Lombard-street corner;
an Eighteenth-street lot;. houses in the Mis-
sion. Pan • Bruno road property, and Seventh-
etreet manufacturing site. - ijSRHSfiflH
A church will -be erected adjoining the
parochial residence of St. John's parish,
on the west line of St. Mary's avenue,
near Mission street, which wlll"be In the
Italian renaissance style and which will
cost about $11,000.
Andrea Sbarbaro will erect a country
home at Astl, Sonoma. County, using, as
material the cobblestones taken from the
near-by Russian >Rlver. '.-; ¦¦". • .
The Studebaker Brothers' building, on
the west line of Tenth street, south from
Market street, will cost about $30,000. '
In the Sunset district D. Stang is erect-
ing two flats on H street, near Eighth
avenue. A. Klein will build a cottage on
Eighth avenue, near K street. E. Minz-
enmayer Is building a home on the north
line of L» street, between Ninth and Tenth
avenues. ,
Davidson & Leigh report the following
'additional sales::
For. Mrs. Brooks, - the brick building on: the
south side of Clay street/ 80 feet east of Front,
with- lot 40x64:6 fett, to H.- E., Bothln, (for
$11,000; for .W.: A. Lanse, < the, new t two-Btory
flats, Nos. 449-4K1 Frederick street, . west of
Cole, with . lot 23x137 :6, to Edward •, Me Adam,
for $87C0; also for Mr. Lange.-the lot 25x137:6,
on south line Frederick street, 400 feet. east tof
Stanyan. for $3000; for the Renters' Co-opera-
tive Company, lot 44x137 :6, In Riverside, to J."
H. Mallett, for. $950; for- James I^nney. the
frame i buildings. Nob. 260-261 Seventh street,'
101 feet north of Folsom, with lot 36x80 fett. to
John A: Whelan, for |5600.^
CURES WEAK_MEN FREE.
Cnsures Love and a Happy Home
for All.
How any man mar quickly cure himself after
re*n ol Buffering from sexual weakness. l Ofc t
rttallty. nirht losses., varicocele. etc., and «•-
«rgi small, weak organ* to full elzfe and vigor
: in. jiiy send,- your name and address to Dr
i !«» Medical Co.. 13T3 Hull building. Detrou'
tlich.. and they will gladly send the free re!
:eipt with full directions so any man may
tasliy cure himself at home. This Is certainly
1 most generous offer, and the following ex-
a-act* taken from' their dally mail, show what
nen think of their generosity.
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thank*
'jot yours of recent date. I have given your
p-eatment a thorough test and the benefit ha«
Ven extraordinary. It has completely braced
ne up. I am ju»t as vigorous as when a boy
tod you cannot realize how happy I am."
••Dear Sirs: Your method worked beautl-
ully. llesults were exactly what I needed.
Itrength and vigor have completely returned
md enlargement Is entirely aatlefactory "
•'Dear Sirs: Yours was received and I had
to trouble In making use of. tbe receipt as <ii-
ected, and can truthfully say It Is a boon to
»-.-aJt men. I am greatly improved In «i*e.
trength and vigor. ".
All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
nailed In plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
• free for the aeltlnj: and they want every man
V
; Easter Book Marks, I The store is rcsp'cnuYnt with Easter Merchandise. w e^^ Spring- stocX Four Successful Becks.
j* Sterling Stiver. that we have ever gathered tegcihtr. Pheitcmstval offerings of Strictly E'ast'er' have been planned for ih: last six days b:. ore Note Qlir Gut Pri&GS.
t a very pretty col ection to select frcm at sirer the great festival. Sonr o! ihcsc sales are told ol in this announcement, others will; g:t newspaper space .Vcdnesday and Friday. To-morrow .Gloves and price!" Price.
»¦• novelty counter in rotunda.- They are suri- .Veilhjjs'in absolvtely correct styles are itcT.bc sold at a mcrclractiohol Ihcir rear, valves. Costumes, 'a. ,y*j " jf~ ' ' » "WoifVi le Days," by a. h. .
jC "rg si ver, 915-1006 fine, 3 symbols, heart, chorming Millinery and girls' and boys' Clothing mveh under- priced; a sale o! line Lingerie at hall, '^f * wyfff/jOJfJJJ/ff p "fV s* S ° ii 10
tf archor and cross, white or purple silk ribbon, other attractions. " Monday should witness one of Ihe greatest day's business ever done' by this store. Shop mornings +mMiC>>X^iiy*/U*^[444t\ m , m MlTrfje^tes ""Weips . $1.25 Ji.oo
tf 25G, 35 i, 5'JC. . this WCeK H possible. N r . /Vi^^V-r .~ m *5& l^^^^^~*'^^ "Lifeht Freights," 'by Jacobs " ¦. $1. 50 Ji.i*
I o- Greatest of VeSBShg Events Mstoriishshg Easies* Glove Sate
I J^^^^ $\ M Lmdiles* 73c--Men's 73^^ <^M
* For N- w Style Veils and Novelty Hat Drapes. Abso'uteiy Correct Styles, Colorings and Fit. ' S8^/V >^v
l» ' < C s -%^>^^>^ /^ Commencing M-.nday, and until closing time Wednesday right, an- enormous purchase of Our. Easter G ovc offerings -cannot and will not be dup icatsd in this city. We have r^' 73^*^,^^^^^^^ ¦/
tf /^^S^v^^^ -.Aniportcd Novelty Vci ings,' bought especially for our great Before-E ster-Ss c,-wi 1 be offered at all sizes and the leading colors, in the extra special ; values offered for Monday.^ P^'^^ri^y Iv/^ /f\
X • a ' 3Out half pfce: ¦ ., Do not buy your Eister Gloves until you htve seen these. JLi&Ji I
X f^v&^D looo vards of Imported Novelty Tuxedo Veilings; also p'ain'mesh Tuxedos; with spots, Women's Fine Glace Kid Gloves— With embroidered backs,, two patent clasps, overseam ¦ / \%^/ /
X Y*'?®r^$$®m ' n^ ac^ an d magpie; not a yrrd in ¦> the lot worth less than 25c; Easter Sae IJMjn, s^tch, extra good sewing, colors the latest, styles the latest, fit perfect, in light, dark and /.¦'¦'.'• \ \ \ /
k » V^vS^iiESf* pr.ee •..¦..* ............."...... '. ...... m^B'Qjr medium shades of browns, tans and modes, also white with white and back backs, and / u rA V
K \'&j££j&ufi 1500 yards of Nove'ty Brussels Net Veilings; with chenilie dot, in black or •gJE^m peari with pearl and black backs, and black with black backs; on special sale table / / \\>\_ ?\
tf Ly^^ white, and fancy border; mauu'acturfd to sell at 50c yard; Easter Sae price 8*V4* in main aise beginning to-morrow, all sizes at the incredibly few special m 9&g-^ Z'*^/*^ \V V *** \
\ T^*>\'. 2OOO; yards best quality Chiffon Veiiings, with vc vet ring or diamond spot; the season's ;j;; price, pair. ...... ;..... ..'................... M %fm^ I \**^ Vs. \
X J \ most popular craze for hat drapes and face veils, in cither white, back, magpie, \*-<&- : 0*a% -^ 5 Men's Dogjkm Gloves— In the stylish shades of tans and reds; well made, well finished, / (© ' \
b daw, royal or brown; the every-day 50c per yard quality; Etstrr Sale pice ...... ££<S2r$2 - tvery. pair, gutranfed, and fitted at the counter, beginning to morrow at m yf2f g j k I £ / ivlji \
* 3C0 Imported Novelty Chillon Veils— Hand-made applquc, lace borders; exqiiiste Parisian productions for (!$*•& *»g% the extraordinary Easter Sale price, prr p*ir - •• • "''¦:***" / if* / '©F \
If face vsils snd hat fin:sh; black, magpie or jackdaw; „»> 2. 50, 53 and i'4 values; Easter Sac price. . . , B^tf«J?C# • Trefousse Glace and Suede Gloves for women* Prenr.lere Italian real, kidskin Gloves, with three tofo^wj) /
K ' ' • ' " - '¦ ' _ - •-•¦¦.'"-¦¦¦¦ ' ; > / made of the very best and finest real kidskins; patent .asteners, all new colon; pair . $1. 50 »^\vWrSjS>/ --sJlluhjZ^^
{ m- 4 '*%¦ **#• ' n— > ¦'¦• ... » --«,,, " pair! . ..... $2.00 Chiloren's Kid Gloves— Extra fiae ... $1,00 «S»--^^
X taster GandieS. * Eastei* Weeh Mil fatS® P>y a : We warrantall o< our Caves and keep in repair free of ch^e. W
•C bpeciil taster Candv Ergs F th t d — E- t' S H '¦ " ' ' '"''"' ' ' -¦¦•¦¦•¦ : ¦ = : ¦— .
| also fancy Bcxesand Novel- we are m)w^ad/ m^Zx compfete Boys' FcZShionafr O Spring n E ?f *f* ° ard ? Jl '.
\ ties for the Holiday. /fflp^'^^^ shipments of Exclusive Imported Pat- : /- fftff^B.^** Booklets. Novelties.
t Finest French Mixed Candies, per lb... 35 J iW^^r^m t"m HatS from the Celebrated PariS and ' ' . Eaiter Cards and Bcoklets—The prettiest
X (¦? lbs for Si oo') W N\raiS' j5t r^la tvt \r i * ' * publications from »uch famous publishers as
K AiiNut T>ffi=$, ib .' . . : '. . 25o "t^y^p ,B'- lNew York makers— Easter and Confirmation Suits Ready. Dmon, Ra P ha e i Tuck and international
$ Gia"ce n F^ch?Sr u S > ir rlb> ' so° "7 J-Oime Pujol Sr.,£Mme.;PouYanve }^ W^^M^^^^^ii^^^'^^^BK^ £:h££M" .^/oTo^/.oo
X French silted Almond^" per' lb.*.". . 5So /^^p Caroline ReboUX, ' ,M me. CaiMer, fore-Easter -C othing-Salcs were bought especially for ; this T^f^S' E ster Rabblti ....... 5o to $1.25
J A^|§iPv ¦' QdMtUc Rogers, M'fOt, Fr~.tlCOis, Louise event. Mothers wi;l find them unusually attractive va'.ues • W*r^J Glass Eggs — With ttand and flower decoration*
Jf Colonial Oxfords, / Linn Faulkner, Therese lmbm»nd the special E.ster prices. v^X Chick^Dci;, : F«n^T^r^?S; ??
I Pretty Caster Shoes. Suzanne-Blum: *%^™^Jlt^^ goto *'-*°
|f v -Ladies Colonial Oxords for street Wfar, best To these are added our own inimitable Vitiations of; these creations. No otherwise beau;ifully and well finished} many dealers tre selling this same l/x^) ¦ 0% '* '_. '*/• f%&
I «^ TlainMl' hat is cooked exactly; each cne is diff rent, making most complete and pleasing at | 7 . S o;>Bg Store', price . \ . . . . . $4,c B X[\ -)&/ CrepedeChine85C.
* Goodyear var'ctv to choose from. Owing to the gr.-at rush durn; Euter' week, pur- E °y S> Norf °' k £ " d Outing luits-The new styles illustrated, r.z» for fl Ff A new lot of these very popular silk, arrived
- H?«liSl«BSu©5©V w A ¦'-.„• 1 1 - boys 7 to »3 y ears » handsome new Spring patterns, in tweeds, casil- UJA-LW last we:k; pretty shades ot old rose, resedi,
V \a^^^^vNJy7CTfcw weitea ex- cnasm g t h e early pilt Oi the week Will insure the best srlecticn and deuvery. meres and Serges, perfectly tailored, three qualities ........ \ \ / gobelin pink ight blue an ecru heliotrope
5 h T'rS ' : : : - ••••-• • • • $4,95, l6,OG, $7.SJ \ A / white. This is an extra heavy quality, 24
3 «^a heels re r . . Boys' Top Coats— For agts 3 to 16 years, either short box or long coats, V-i fl inches wd.-, and adapted for either street or
•; *» buckle $2.50 M&m f & Fa&hienahse hp^m& a:l - wocl f rics - \ •••••• .$495 \\j ™™u™i an excepti0Iul ££
S'iCclonU Cxfodj-Best duiikid; pVm toe; . V&f 4A.* ¦ " ' "* A fall Lne of Confirmation Suits, either long W | p e / pCTywl a9 °
I SS^TSia.r^aiS w ¦¦ , fM ¦ ,F'T™^ ; - d : h - .-¦¦ ;,/ #© Prayer Books, Hymnals,
i CoWul Oxford,, all patent kid, same sty, „ 1^^^^^^^^^ lP \ '~^ ' ~ " — ~ CztholiC, Episcopalian.
S * YC ' ' ' '¦' l':Z '? Sfring Suts and Overcoats . ., . . . $8.5U iO $35 UO **~.^^^/t ' •— -M " JT« VW E "" Sped ll V.llllSS thSSC at tkfi
5 : — : — — — • •.. ... ..;.,_. .,'" .. — .G@i*P®tanttBiUgyaSueSw Emporium Prices.
I Monday o^y C we e offer°a O large aLrWnt of Bff*&&& G^n^Bi^iWS .S&l®, Tapestry Brussels-In bright, cheerful pat- WUon Velvet C arpets-A good, deep pile and
'? Ladies' Combination Card Cases and Pocket- r\ c \. •• • \.' u '• • / u ~ , terr.s, good ajsortment of colorings, per yard one we can guarantee to 'wear for years, price decorafd cov-rs red &g£8£f!A
.^ i-aaies v,asc 5 ana r> Q n= of - [he yerv rare tUIU'.L'S at th: beginning ol the :ei5On tO Sttck UD ............. 45a P-rvard Rtin aecorac - a J co . v - "' . Btf^iSZCtih'
X books, genuine seal, sterl n» mounted, new % .. '..-,. v \ ... T . , " ......... • • • «#¦£»« ,. p . y ' " , ' * ' co ° under gold edges, sizes t??&fS£&*3 / : I
'J walrus grain, pretty shades, genuine seal calf With new, Sty ls'i Ginghams at a nominal p ICC. It is .'o: to-morrow cnly. i es 1 : Quality of Tapestry Brussels— Includ- Ur.ol.ums— - 6 feet wide, made of the best qua:- 2^x+ inches . . . &8FS&W- 1 /
i[ lined, chamois-lined pockets, block bottom, Your pick ot 500 pieces C f this scion's colorings in lull Standard Dress ing such makes ss San ord's double extra and ity pulverized cork and linseed oil, per square .$1.35 §T&faM^I '
\% roomy punts and pocketbooks that - Q Ginghams, stripes, p aids and so id colors, yard .' 6 l Xc Stcnson's, borders to match, p t r yard.. fi5o .JZt'-'w ' ' m \'< ¦' ' 'r^f Ep h c=I»l Common a$^ffi;!V
% Udl^W^Vt-ackTuel 0^ Ur.enB.tW S - Sheer weav./rlae flax, just re- Fure Silk ar.d Lnen ' Madr^-Rich and Cody Erusszls-A carpet which wi«. wear for " ° &^™*W
jf UOIU wriJUigS-Diacicwtoe, *# «« ceived from Belfast, now w scarce because in ' serviceable, 3d inches wide, some" styles ex- year-, a good .seection of pattern,, including "^or months, ,pecial, per yard 22 'Ao L "' * V 5 tSSr^SmW/
i L^W^ir^JF** M3S ™*<™*>y"*- ••• • ••• 25O elusive, a large range of coloW, yard l?Oo l&jg?£$^^ Ed ?XSTc o rn £0°
* 75 New Madra -The ideal waisting fabric, in- White India Lite- A. very, sheer make, fully Axminser Carpe S-With border,, to match r , a new shipment thU week of a gard Lection - Ep £"£ M 0 To CCO JL -
X **** Wnst Bag-Genuine tJiptor.^f.yc eluding tissue weaves, hundreds cf styles, all 32 inches wide, 50 pieces 0% at the price; a nice deep pile and very effective carpet, . of fld.al designs, worth i 2 . 50, special.. . . L"^ ~n f h V
S — "" : : 3^nche, wide, yard. ;..... 25O yard. ... . ... ........ . .J Bo price per yard. ; . . . QBO ... ..:... . ." . . . « U85 faeS '* if M
j Laces, Trimmtngs. - • •¦ -- ; : -' •¦/-¦• '¦';¦;"?¦ •¦ - '¦¦ ¦¦¦ -' ' ¦¦¦ •¦•-'¦¦ - ' ¦ • ' ' . ¦ . .' • ' ' " ¦ ' ctnou mytr Book^Vrom .' .* * .7
X Exquisite Lace* for Easter direct from Paris, '."„¦', : .. , • -H' . . . i. . i j • • ¦ ¦ 25o to $3.50
J:: .-."the beautiful pieces that you will need to put $1.25 Curtains $1. 06. $&£*£&> **€ &Bg***C*& "'"" MQFi's FurilishinUS K«y«' .»"veij-Conuining epistles and gos-
* the finishing touches on your Easter costumes. ,,„.., Nott : n ph a m I , c , r,,r fJ in, . fV, ' «P««"G? WB £$ Zt B ¥B Ej? 5 & B~MX2%*&9 , ' ,¦ ""*"'- "*"S#^ pels, siz- 3x4^ inches, choice of three bind-
ff . Exduirve. novelcei . priced here a* no similar ¦ . . ° . ' ;.¦_¦; *iU* --'-•>> - .* ¦ ¦- •.-^*.«<- ' .-. ' .-.'. .; f . . _ - . ?i\A\'?\.i ( •• : . ; . - • 'iC. '¦¦¦ FOr. MZ 3SIC i*m ¦. , ~ wgs, either • genuine seal, morocco or padded
X quaUdc, can be bought for V J width, 3^ yards Jong, perfect weave, heavy :< ', '^. ]?. '. \ FSfrttgX '^: FMB+ttStUPf* Men ; s Neckwear— A prticularly attractive ai-' calf; publisher's price |i. 5 o, our price . .
Jf Pont de Venise, Galoon edgings, Insertion, and and strong, new patterns; only i 3 8pa : rsin ¦ t ... .. m- sam^M . , m umM~a mm *wm U *jr m .. , gortment, bought e^ • ¦¦_ • • • • • -\ .$1.50
X Al'-Ovtrs, peryard . . 25O to $7 50 this special lot, marked for Monday at the 123 different articles in our Furniture Department have been marked'down ' P«»»y for Easter, ffajR Rosa: ies- Large awortment. . . . .
X Charmirg Batiste Ga'oons.. 25c » $2, 5 0 very low price, pair. S1.O6 '. u- 1. 1 r- /r • / j rr,,. • ,. lhc ™T Iatest novc '- £f\Sh /TffiS e \ ' o" V" *„«•" :.'~ C tO 93, SO
Jf Irish Crochet Ga'oons— Festoons, Madal.ion, ,~ **'"° tor this great btlow Esstcr offciing from 25 and 50 per cent. This IS not O.d tie, j n material,, pat Jy flfc * SM^i CMter Bookj— White bindings, decorated with
X and All-Over, to match, from. ..... " \ stock, but choice goeds" that you will buy on sight. We have samples only, , tern « » nd coloring., M J'i^M 8'lt»^ color full gilt edge, by ,uch authors
X . 25c™ $65 ) Easter Perf UmeS • ,. L • < 7 • ,• , " : :,. • • , • much better" qua:ii ¦F*L£} £Klgr\ Drummond, Havergal, A' Kempis, Meyer,
S AHpique All-Over*— Solid cut out in black, ....... . ¦'¦-. " hence such immense reducaons as these to close them out,wi thin six days: - • th an you would e»7S^*,^\W»l etc.; publisher', price 50c, our price . ./5o
f white, Persian and pompadour effect,, yard SnU TOllOt AMtClCS. K ; . ¦. . Q . ' . '•..-„- pect to . find . at ' . Mu*, » ? O^A V hite thrstopher-By Annie Trumbull Slos-
X S $1 35 to $7 50 Roger & Gailtt India Hay Extract ... B8o .£¦' —- " »,,^-^L^. Iron Bed— Extra heavy, with best malleable - th e price- each y^K V v &>Wt wn, author of 'Tishin* Jimmy," illustrated,
'¦-Novelty AppKqtK and Spangle Trimmirg, -In Roger & Gallet Violettc de Parme . . . 73o f^^Vi^ jg^r-^ (C^™^\ ' iron jo nts, finished .n white, ivory o^blue . # # 5Q ®£*ffh JWdPS *© P»B«; pnKiiher'. price S oc, our price ...
% all the new and desrable effect,, widths from Roger & Gallet Peau d'Espagn,, and four other )f*±^L^~Z~7ffl\ ename double or three-quarter , ze reduced „ £ n . 4 CoJore(; . B^U ft t SVXgA 40O
X % to 4 # inches, per yard popular odors . ...... . . . 88O W§gO S '/r&et TX* \ p\M W,W ~ u u 1%*° i ' \xr : u * '¦ j a . Sh !r ts — Stifi *-fti?1 /• > "
X 7. . . .-. . . 25oto$4 5b Roger &G«llet Violet, Sandal and Heliotrope j|l|r(<£3 ¦ * Mil fU Mahogany vh.ffonier-W.th «x drawer, and boiom d ffff}t»; S^jL LadlQS' E3Ster HOSG.
X ¦ Scaps cake ¦ 23c t{5G>\£-"'^ Wr^==^==^^J^i bonnet box, serpentine front and shaped p erC ales in n%\V% l»7©^^ ¦.«^#ko tJJ »^' nJZft..
I Vases, Jardinieres, Etc. W^\ g|l fflviSg Sflg"^f|$^p?|
X Bohemian G ass Vases at : - ' June Rose or Lilas de Perse, good, true I r&2**J*> ~ ) Hl^g«=g=ggggff - E >• <»"y* . ' M a P ! » Chiffonier— With/mirror, .. $tripes and \V - _ . : ¦; • '•¦* ••••.• * • ' \$1»OO
% .pedalpnce, A ¦ -d lasting cdor,, S-o,^ *»»£-^-^JJJM-ljr -J-g*
X jo different Styles, of-fflmj- CoIga^New/lWsoapl-'j "cto .' .' 25* f ffi^^P' G °'' d " 6ik <Wfc"kr-7$ *™™ ™* *«¦' TrZt^^™* X/ Novelty Roman S.ripe Hose, green, white and
X ' Which we have only 2 or 3 fj'| /*// Jurgens' High-grade So. ps— Vioet and Peau W^&Z% Sjr^ 1 \ts5^^St. eled plate." mirror, was g 1 1.50, now .,. ¦. . ~. . T$1.*Q -• ?£f%) grounds, in pretty Jtnpcd effects and
J of /a kind. &V '•>'&!»««>«. >»* 3 cake,. ... . .75o ~ ig* S r^^*^^ ......:..••; - . $9.75 Meii's' Hosiery— Fine qua'ity Imported L'u'e P d ° O> pair ' ' * SO °
X 14-inch B6he- \fl L'Edatante Face Powder— Made by Bou-joU W T W _ Golden 0 k Side- y^-,^ <4Bkk^T<r*? and Balbriggan, entire^ new designs in «. ._•_--_ ~ ' •
» mian Cut- glass \ ifi & Cie, Pans, equal to any 50c powder. 25© U U board-Like pic- <|^^^^^E- , stripes, drop-stitch and embroidered- effects; StyllSH Easier HatS
J, Vsse-With gold- U ¦• ' ture, size 23x48 our direct importa iar, therefore we are able Mon3V~SZ}V:na PrtCCS
£ embossed deccra- /glff^pfjw \{ ~ . m. „ .. This Elegant Qllarter-Sawed Golden Oak inches, odd-- to mark thi, extra -ool. quality, per pair .. * To b- "strictlv
*T tion, regu'arly //)»# w V\l\ \\ &&!& naBSfMS. _ . S c .. .. , ,. . , , shaped top and 'WMW/y, X-M . •' .' . ". .--•.. ... . 5Cc ' ' /^-"^X . • ,, "?
K Si if reducedto 1 1 HaL^SL*y-«J /} - -\ '' Eedroom 5u;t— Very heavy, well-made bed- p i us h 'lined ?O m • it j „ * - lt V • ' / fa « y ou
$ .'. ...85O \E$Z^lJ r\ 100 dozens German-made Fringed Linen Do r stead , full gW ell fVont bureau which has a , drawer,; hi avry ¦¦WL-—%SSi\& Mtn S Underwear-Cotton ribbed,' in blue, '/ « must hare one
* 16-inchGreen / \ he8 ' J 6 ' nchM , £qUare> whi *«» ,(° r shaped French ': plate mirror a8x^4 inches c a r v e d , w,s y& _ Ii ' my * nd light tan ' ' feV £oft form - . Uml.._1^j__JL ofthenew «*
X and Gold Bohe- (ttf^&SpL \ to-morrow only we make a price on this lit- ? f . / . , . 34 . " $32.50, now. . V a '^~\ T^~ '^t - fitting and non-shrinkable; garment. ¦. 5Q O C WllUttSP^) soft has,
K mian Glass Vases ft5+- <i(C£s2> S ° 1£ pay t0 '^ thcm and good washstand, has been ¦ reduced .r.m *"¦» , }-°j*Z — f-$J^=J=3-. j j i ; ' - \ 1MtMf\ffltS^'*&V the brim of
£ -* P,,,,h r U aJde for the fruit seison; instead of _ -. i6c.oo to . . . ..... . ..$4-6.50 D ' 1 • t'i?* ; -=^*^s^^P I ¦! n m » » '• ' • N> nL_J^ r m which has a
I U Vs.^iuc^o.. ....;.. $1.25 Tic dozen they will be ,old-at. . 54C B edroom " Mt-Wli Jw-ch fe " ' ' ' * O 2 mask7oW 3 IS . >~^^ r ; dt ep dip W
J ; 3 4nd, Bohemian Glass Epergne-GoTd d«S " ' ! . _ , . dresser, superior make and hand polished, 3 £s h a^ t ; >S^^I S^^ ( ° k a jf.^ . s!« with'hand- and back/and K :s well up on the side,, the
•f ration reeu'arly $i.7C. cut to £1.Or* . . ,', «o *^^"JL« ,nJ i,,n/™i;i SaJ^ -f £j >^fF : knotted iringe, s:re> 20x46 inches, in all popu'ar . color, are white, with black band,
J .o^ititJotaV^^diTlj^S ? T— : n P ' CCCS> r^ U ! arl^ 80 - 00 ' " 0W • SSSsOp . J .S r^- WSift^i ' -^ite, also red and b:ue^border,;_^ and pear!,, nutria, and black; they are «ld
Jf crystal flower decoration,, instead of 75c, JHs LartJC SfZ 1 Llrdseye M.pIeEedroom Su.t— 2 pieces, style M 'k t op size 45 V •* all this waek, each . . ¦.- y . . in regular hat store, for not less than £4.00
I ¦ km&i^^i^^ Pr:nll P *dc Giles ||^^||Mgg||g^ligi|g|i Claret, WHIsty, Ver- ¦ ii.b 0
I MUhisweek. M^BM^W¥^ l * Special Out Prices, .jg-ttg-.^^^..
S New^Ld Tardinier«_e o diffrn^ O- — —A Go ' de " Oa C^^' drf .™ Suit— 3 piece., t n»de Par Jor TabU-a 4 inches square, solid . golden Clarct-Our famiy grade,, always the same *°°' 7S °' S1.5O
J baaket frame of Vienna gUt, a dainty Uble , SpOCial UUtHrtCe. . rO w. ...'... . . $14-.5U damask, was £10. 00, now. . ..S13.S3 full quart,, either Rye or Bourbon; Monday, For Monday only, we offer 10 dozen Ladies*
j» decoration, special Monday, each . . 23 G Sugar — Best Dry Granulated, *4 lb,..£/.90 " ' . ' " bottle'. ... . . . . . . . . $1.O5 Ypriland Union Suits, full rathioned merino,
X ,—— %££ Sapolio-Enoch Morgan-* Son,'; Monday, 4 ' . . ' ' .'. — — — ~— ~ — Malt Extract-SchLler't best, . pleasant and medium weight for Spring and Summer wear,
S Blankets, Comforters. .,..., ..;: ...25^ : ¦ ',; : §0^ m - ',;..: ' ;. . -nutriiive >guiar»y |,, s a 7g££j£%!2^'«£-
J In preparation for next ,eason'« Banket and Bacon— Best Eastern Sugar Cured; Monday, '' jjlfci " I'HIIFl' » ' dozen, Monday . . • > '¦ . . . . $1.75 remember; regularly $3.50; in sizes 4, e and
X Comforter. bu,ine» we have received sample lb . .,. . . ... .. .:. . . . -15o "V>9 ffY^ " '*«' - Prtnch Vermouth — Noilly, Prat &- Cie; 6, to-morrow . .... . . . .$2.68
X l m « from the principal mnl, of the country Ba v e d Beans - In . tomato wuce, Andenon',; - ' J*c&5 < X - ' MonJ.v W»v" Udies 1 Summer Vests— Lisle, with lace in-
K from which to make our election.. There are a -!b tin,, Monday . . . . . IOC JrjfZ*' S> 4STSs~\ ' Jfo J*b JL' &JT '¦ J& JT^>^ » ™ona«y, oottie . ...... .. -^^O ,e«ed or crocheted yoke, white only, each
h about 220 pairs of Blankets in white, gray, , .£ ' . ;, rtllt !' , grf M/7 jL |/i5#W/l/Y7 # ## jf^Y Burke'f Ale or Porter— Dozen .. .$2 15 P««
f un and fancy" robe de**, and about .20 Com- *%* R » Ijin '- B « t I* package^ 3 ££ TU^LsSS^fi Port>e-Four year, old; bottle . . . 25o Ladies' Hjht weight Wst,] 'wi'th ' crochfS'
X forten in the vanou, grades. The price, of ¦ ' • \? ' ' V* ' ' * ' * . « w (^B^ & ¦_* 'J^>^ **^ JT M^J %S "^ ¦¦^^¦^^^^^ 0 0«d Sherry— Four year, old, bottle . 2 5O ' Me, in Wue, pink, black and white, each .
K the Blanket, run from 65c to $3. 9 5 pair and English BreaKlast lea— A trood quality, lb. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- - • • - - m ¦ — "^- • J - '. .... . „ . . . ... . '*Rf*n
% the Comforter, from to |4 9 9 S . They • ..:.>;....;.^ 35o _^ RGE^ IjAjtlM """^ V' Ktlltr Wh!,ky-Very old rich and mellow; 31 'a,,^ We Lirie Ves^,* crated' f olef
tf are marked, to close them out, at about landed French Peas— (Petit, Pois), imported; tin . . mjmjS^^^mMaSSSBiV' ._ r.. t , ---.., - . you cannot get better at |6.oo per gallon; square or V neck, white, pink or blue each
j^ cost. Only one of a kind. ......_.;.;¦... ; .;..•../... 200 V-'"^*'"' " V^- HmtniV/H o urwnutoi JJunLj our^prica... .... . . ... . $4.OO . . . • 75©
if.v ¦¦'- - ¦ ¦ • - g< . '¦¦¦¦' ' : . ¦ ¦• ' : ' v -' . «¦¦¦«,»„ ¦ ¦-"¦•¦' -¦.''-•'''•• '¦ '¦¦¦-' : ¦'"'¦ '¦"'¦'¦ ¦ ¦--¦¦¦¦.•" ¦ ' "'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.Townsend'g California glace' fruit. 00c -a
pound, in fire-etched boxes' or' Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C39 Market «t. Palace Hotel building. • ,
A Chicago young, woman has devised a. new way to earn a living and is now advertising to.
furnish "de luxe doughnuts suitable for wedding breakfasts instead of wedding cake. "The ciainty
; is further described as j "a hand-tooled doughnut with deckle edge, ; hand powdered and marked
with initials of the bride." ;.; '-v • ; ,: : v/ t
* ¦ * . ¦¦¦.' ' . * . . ,¦-.>• . ' . . . .
Special: information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23'J Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cat. glace fruit 50c' per lb at Townsenii's.'
Ex. strong hoarnound candy. Townsend 1 *.'
. At a meeting of the Public Education Association in New York a few. days ago one of the
speakers in discussing corporal punishment said: "I know a boy ; who , was whipped at school al
most-every day for six months and has jived to. thank his teachers for, it. He is novyion the police
force:" The example is brilliant, but .whether it:be adyisable-to dojso much licking for the sake of
making a policeman is questionable. • . >
"I don't wonder you value It," observed
the New Yorker. "There's such a lot of
your leading citizens -who never would
get to see anything of oUr glorious coun
try If It wasn't for an occasional free
trip over It with this grand, old relic"—
Baltimore Sun.
"This." said the Phlladelphlan. patting
the old liberty bell fondly, "is the most
precious possession we have."
"Curses on my poverty!" exclaimed the
man who had failed to break the bank at
at Monte Carlo. "My system was Just
beginning to get Its work In, and in a
few minutes I would have been winning
money by the barrel, when my supply ot
cash gave out!"— Washington Star,
It "is known that Southern California this year has been overcrowded with tourists. Their
hotels and boarding-houses have been barely able to accommodate the throngs of .visitors from ail
parts of the East. It has been a matter of regret that the counties of Northern California could
not have attracted thousands of the visitors, so as to relieve the strain upon the south, and hold
the visitors in the State after they left that section. Along with the tourists, who are but birds of
passage, there come many who are looking for good- investmentj»;,for ; capital and good places in
which to establish homes. California has an ample variety, of attractions to please almost any taste
that may exist among these pleasure-seekers or home-seekers. If one county do not suit* them,
another county may. We Ought to be able to induce ;the visitors to 'see something of every por
tion of the State before they return East. To that end the movement for the upbuilding of Cali
fornia is working, and it is gratitying to note that' all conditions of the time are in harmony with
the movement New energies. and new harmonies are blossoming in timeiwith the orchards; bud
ding in harmony with^ the vineyards and the fields, and the harvest; promises to be abundant.
WORK for the upbuilding of Northern California has begun at a most propitious time.
Something of the budding hopefulness of the spring seems to be in it all. From the
first the movement has found a sympathetic response .from all 1 classes of people. The
commercial associations of San Francisco have readily joined with it;the State Board
of Trade has accepted the task of directing and promoting it; county after county has manifested
an intention to share in the work as well as a desire to profit by it; and Southern California, look
ing upon it not with jealousy, or ungenerous rivalry, but as a movement for the welfare of all
California, has cordially commended'it.
The usual festivals of the spring- will add ;. a new stimulus to the enthusiasm that is so
widespread and so deeply felt. When the street fairs of the interior. cities and the flower festivals of
the counties draw the people together in large crowds, there will be felt a new inspiration toward
harmonious work for the general good. In the abundant evidences that will be everywhere dis
played of the rich 'resources of the State 4 and of the profitable industries of the people, even the
most skeptical will perceive convincing proofs that" to attain a higher prosperity for all sections of
California nothing more is needed than a co-operative exercise of energy on the part of Califor
nians; and the sanguine spirit thus engendered will be helpful in prompting "those who have been
hitherto indifferent to unite with 'their neighbors and urge on the. movement which the State
Board of Trade has undertaken. " M-
j; A' PROHTIOUS: TIME.
lars with me — outside of the fun of the
work," Mr. Bryant confessed. "I want
money, more money most money, and
then I can see about the other things.
Only the rich man Is perfectly free to ex
press himself, and has the power so to
do. The drama has been written as nearly
as possible, so far as my share of It goes,
with the idea of building a play that will
take, to give the public what it wants,
or seems to want from my experience of it
at the Alcazar. Curiously, too, plays writ
ten in that cold-blooded, mechanical way
sometimes succeed."
Mrs. Coleman says that her Idea In the
play was simply to tell a pretty story,
though she gracefully owns that the pe
cuniary reward, in case of success, that
would make it reasonable for her to con
tinue her work, would come not ungrate
"Well," Mr. Bryant rejoins, "If It Is not
a success It Is not my fault. I've done my
best with. the thing, and there Isn't time
to worry, by Jove. Howls that, Mrs.
Coleman?"
"Oh, it makes me shiver to think about
It!" the lady says.
AUTHORS OF THE NEW PLAY
"WHEN HEARTS WERE
YOUNG."
La Scala Itself, perhaps the most famous
of all homes of opera, is run at a yearly
loss of 250,000 francs, which is borne by
some Maecenas of Milan for the service
of the adored art, for -onger or shorter
periods, according to his inclination or
capacity. The present Maecenas has been
In office for five years. Besides this pri
vate munificence La Scala has a yearly
subsidy of 250.000 francs from the munici
pality, and is also free of rent for thu
opera season. It would seem from these
facts as If La Scala were but Indifferently
well patronized, but It is only rarely that
one of its 3S00 seats can be obtained with
out booking a long time ahead, notwith
standing the stiff prices, that range from
5 to 30 francs. The explanation fles In the
splendid finish and costliness of the pro
ductions, that. In the vernacular of the
day and Mr. Leahy, make anything we
have in this country "look like 30 cents."
To begin with, the orchestra numbers 120
men. picked soloists from all parts of
Italy. There are thirty stars; the best ob-
A particular Instance of enthusiasm for
art stands out in Mr. Leahy's Italian
memories. A" certain millionaire of Llvor
no, having been dissatisfied with all of
the renderings of "La Tosca"— even that
of La Scala— that he had heard, per
sua&ed Puccini himself to select a cast,
and had the opera magnificently staged
aX his own expense in Llvorno, simply to
gratify his artistic desire. De Padova,
the Scarpla of the cast. . Mr. Leahy has
been fortunate enough to secure for the
coming Tivoli season.
restaurant, theater, everywhere It . Is to
be heard, and mostly of excellent quality.
The distinguished barrel organists that
represent Italian art on our streets are no
more to be found In Italy than, the aniline
grotesques that the contemptuous Jap
exports here are to be found adorning
the houses of Japan. Music is in the
air. The child is born singing, and the
country takes to it as naturally as duck
dom to swimming. The advent of a new
opera is discussed to the full as eagerly
as— say— the democratic trend of King
Emmanuel's recent speeches, and the
butcher, the baker and candlestick maker
are all competent to take part in the dis
cussion'. (Which is all very familiar, but
comes with new breeziness from Mr.
Leahy's enhtusiastic lips.)
BETWEEN intervals of the very
good little production of "The
Serenade" that the Tivoli Is now
offering I had a chat with our
local Impresario. W. H. Leahy, the
other evening, about bis recent visit to
Italy in search of talent for the coming
grand opera season at the TlvolL It Is
by the way, but Mr. Leahy affirms that
dollars could not buy the pleasurable
memories of his Italian experiences, that
spell music, yet more music, and again
music At every street corner. In every
IF this play fails it is because it is bad,
irredeemably bad." Thus Charles
Francis Bryant, stage manager of the
Alcazar, on the new play that he has
written In collaboration with Mrs.
Lottie Day Coleman. that will be produced
at the Alcazar" in the near future.
I like to hear, people who do things talk
of their work, whether it be the making
of plays or pies'; and therefore when Mrs.
Coleman was good enough tolnvite me to
hear something about the new play I was
pleased to go to her flower-filled, pleasant
room to hear the story. Mr. Bryant was
also there, and his aforementioned remark
was in response to a guess of mine at the
chances of success for any play.
'¦ Meditatively thumping one of Mrs. Cole
man's cushlous — Mr. Bryant had the j
lounge — the manager-playwright went on:
"Our play— 'When "Hearts" Were Young,"
we have called It— has everything in the
way of production tn its favor. It is tit
ted to the capacities* of the Alcazar com
pany and. as far as possible to the
ascertained requirements of the Alcazar
audiences. It will be carefully and even
sumptuously staged, is being thoroughly
rehearsed and if it falls it is because it
is inherently bad."
"But you think?— 7-"
"Of course we think there Is something
In it, or we should not give it," said Mr.
Bryant. "But we are not the public, and
you cannot bank on the public. There is
absolutely no method of prophesying
which way it will take anything. I have
seen— well, everything but the expected,
happen, and it takes only the smallest
touch . to turn the tide. ,A laugh in the
wrong place, and pouf! your whole scene
is spoiled. There Is one thing In 'When
Hearts Were -Young,' or rather not in
it. The young gentlemen of the gallery,
to whom the hero's chaste salute upon
the lovely heroine's lips is the usual sig
nal for a chorus. of deadly smacks that
simply ruins the scene, are going to get
left this time. The hero and heroine
never quite reach that point, though the
play ends happily. Kisses are always dan
gerous, by Jove!" Mr. Bryant thoughtfully
concluded.
"Then the" play will not offend in the
matter of long speeches. Everything that
can be told in action is told that way. and
there is plenty of It. Then there are no
asides, soliloquies, or other artificial
methods of relating the story. It has been
understood, by the way, that 'When
Hearts Are Young* is a rural drama, but
It is not. But I have done only the car
penter work; ask. Mrs. Coleman about the
Story." . .
Mrs. Coleman. deprecating Mr. Bryant's
modesty, explained that the play is found
ed upon New England life, the characters
being New England types, with the local
color confined to rural scenes, but not to
the haunt of the stage hayseed and un
earthly country bumpkin that decorate
the usual rural drama, "It is taken from
life, and 'was studied out during a-one
time visit of mine to New England," Mrs.
Coleman says; "and there is no villain
worthy to be called 'sich,' no gospel Is
taught, no problem discussed, nor does
any one die in the play. There is what we
hope may prove a 'stro'ng heart Interest,*
as the press agents say, and what we
hope the critics will find a 'good comedy
relief.* We have taken four acts to teil
the story, and have pared away and
sheared things down until I do, not think
there is an unnecessary word in the whole |
four acts. I am particularly pleased with
the way' the actors at the Alcazar, have
expressed themselves concerning the play,
and am sure they will lend their best ef
fort to its, rendering. And 1 am delighted
beyond measure with the excellent way in
thing will be put on, Mr. Bry
ant and his staff having done wonders for
it., But Mr. Bryant has really done most
of the work."
The fair playwright comes from Sierra
County, by the way, and is well known as
a' popular magazine writer.
After courteously disclaiming any but a
carpenter's share in the work; Mr. Bry
ant smilingly. said: "But you have told
nothing of our ending— we rather pride
ourselves on the ending. The eternal'ho
and she 1 are divided by seemingly Im
passable obstacles almost, until the de
scent of the final curtain, and the lady in
front of you Is going to be puzzled • about
the precise moment . to put on her hat.
You should be gratef ul."
"If I'm still. there!" I comment. "But
as to the purpose of the play? Mrs. Cole
man has said that it preaches no gospel,
,and you, Mr. Bryant, have not said any
thing about having ; a mission to the
world, the uplifting of art, etc, etc Jus
tify 'yourselves.".; ,¦
¦ la a vulgar desire for^dol-"
An event of extraordinary musical in
terest will be the Helnrlch concerts for
next week, to be given by Max Heinrich
and Miss Julia Helnrlch at Sherman &
Clay Hall. The -artists • are' well known
here, but they bring with them the first
important Richard Strauss composition
that has been programmed in San Fran
cisco, "Enoch Arden," a setting of the
Tennyson poem of the' "name. The poem
is — so to speak — intoned, and r Mr. Hein
rich recites it to Miss Heinrich's accom
paniment at the piano. Strauss himself
has called it "Melodrama for the Piano
forte," the programme explains, and fur
ther says "it- is In reality a series of de
scriptive tone pictures knit together by
the wording of Tennyson's poem." What
ever it is It is sure to be vastly interest
ing- and the opportunity of hearing some
thing by this modern magician, whose
genius is dividing the world of music Into
opposing camps as successfully as ever
Wagner did before him, is to be taken
with both ears. - .
Of the women Inez de Frate, with a
fame that reaches from La Scala to the
Imperial Theater, St. Petersburg-, from
Berlin to Vienna, has been secured for the
dramatic soprano roles. She has an im
posing repertoire, . including everything
from Leonora in "II Trovatore" to Isolde
in "Tristan." Adellna Tromben, a young
Venetian singer, is engaged as the lyric
soprano, and. has been heard to excep
tional advantage in the Mozart operas,
"Don Pasquale" and "II Nozze dl Figaro."
Mme. Fabbri, a contralto with a brilliant
record, will probably be engaged with Col
lamarlni for the contralto requirements
New operas to be given will include
"Andrea- Chenler," "La Tosca," "Fal-
Btaff," "Manbn" (Puccini), and. new to
Tivoli effort. -"The Marriage of Figaro"
and "Don Pasquale."
About the coming, season at the Tivoli.
Of the familiar voices only three will be
heard this year, the fine basso of Dado,
who has made a big hit in "Linda di
Chamounlx," at La Scala; Agostini's cul
tivated tenor and Collamarini's colorful
contralto. Besides Agostinl there will; be
another lyric tenor. Gennario. a favorite
of three years at La Scala, and famed for;
a light, sweet, very flexible organ. Vener
andi, a youngster who touches high C
with ease and has a voice that in size
and quality is reminiscent of Tamagno's,
will be the dramatic tenor: De Padora,
before mentioned, with D'Albreo, will
cover the barytone roles, and Munez, with
Dado, the basso parts.
» : ;'•-'¦• •
La Scala Is not the only opera-house in
Milan. Signor Sonzogno — who is offering
the $10,000 prize for the best one-act opera
submitted to him. by a composer of any
nationality, to be produced in Milan in
190*— also has an opera-houre of consid
erable pretensions. the International
Lyric Theater. (He may be addressed here
or. at his music publishing house, by those
desirous of competing for the opera
prize.) Sonzogno and Rieordi, who con
trol to a large extent the music publish
ing business of Italy, determine also the
fortunes of opera In this fashion. Rieordi
will ask. for example, on being applied to
for "Aida" Che draws royalties on all. the
Verdi operas): "Who is your
RadamesT' And if Mr. Ricordi
does not like your Radames. and
you will not accept a Radames that he
considers competent, you are in danger
of not getting your opera. So with con
ductors, and even for- the far-away Tivoli
Ricordi shook his head over a non-Ital
ian director, when Impresario Leahy was
arranging for the operas , for the coming
season.
Only si oreras ar* sung d'lr'ns the sea
son, that lasts from Dr cember 26 to Eas
ter Sunday. This year the operas pro
duced and to be pivfn include "La Wal
klria" ("Die Walkure">. "II Trovatore."
"Linda di Chairounix." "Euryanthe."
"Hansel e Gretel" and "German'a.'' a
new opera by Alberto FranchettI— all
sung in Italian, by the way.
smallest detail, and besides the opera an
elaborate ballft is aftrrward given, 'ast
irg frequently fo- tvo hour"* and in wh"ch
as many as 1000 -^eople appear.
talnable, and an unnumbered chorus,
drilled to the last efficiency. The-stage,
150 feet in width and S20 feet deep— besides
a thirty-foot apron— Is- sometimes com
pletely filled with people. The utmost
care Is lavished on the productions to the
CLEVER PIANISTE WHO WILL.
APPEAR IN A CONCERT SE
RIES IN SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
To exclude. them and abandon the profits of commerce will solve one part of the problem.
Governor Taft has testified to one fact that was partly known before. The church owns nearly
all of the good agricultural lands in the islands, outside the Mahometan group. It is proposed
that we buy that land of the church for a sum variously estimated at from $40,000,000 to'
$ioo,ooo.coo. In the treaty of Paris we confirmed the church title to this property, and so cannot
imitate France and Mexico by confiscating it. Already the church authorities have put the matter
in the hands of that wisest of men, Leo XIII, who guards carefully every interest in his charge.
Now if Ave do not intend commercial exploitation of the islands we. don't want to buy the
church lands. We prefer the church there as the landlord of a dependent people. But which, policy
will we choose? If we had known these things in the green stick which we now know in the dry.,
it might' have been different: Even Governor Taft says in his testimony it would have been better
for the United States to have had nothing to do with. the Philippines. .But We have all to do with
them, and J. Pierpont Morgan offers to take all the Philippine bonds the island government will
issue, and at par without guarantee by the United States, and has told Judge Taft that he can get
his money out of the islands.
But it is the opinion of Senator Beveridge that the islands are a sumptuous vision of
wealth for our people. This wealth is affirmed by Governor Barrows to be agricultural and not
manufacturing. It must^be developed by human labor. " Taking it for granted that the natives will
not work and white men. cannot in that climate, there, is. ng ; reso.urce except Chinese labor, Avhich
stoutly resists the weakening influence of a r vertical; sun toils in all zones without a task
master. The commercial spirit says admit them. The missionary spirit says exclude them.
In this dilemma it becomes necessary^to decide the purpose for which we are in the Philip
pines. If we are there on a missionary errand, to change the religion; of the people and leach
their racial characteristics out of them, meantime holding theni at "attention" with a gun, we
should take Governor Taft's advice and abolish the only labor that produces a commercial surplus
by shutting out the Chinese.
It_ is the testimony of military and civil authorities that the" native Filipinos will not work ,
beyond the point of self-support. Like'all tropical people they are without commercial ambition.. I
and will not toil to produce a surplus, for commerce. It is the testimony of all Americans and' ¦
Europeans in business in the islands that Chinese is the only profitable and productive labor .!
there. The dream that poor white men from the United States would, go there and by' agricul- I
ttiral industry make homes and leave -families is dissipated. The facts as to the impossibility of j
white labor in the tropics are becoming common knowledge. The War. Department, which has' •
been able to boast justly of the immunity of our. troops from^acute disease, has been compelled to
acknowledge the insidious invasion of their vitality by the climate, and to provide that two vears |
shall be the extent of their serviqe there, when they must be replaced by fresh men. The civil and |
military authorities agree that it will require 30,000 soldiers to' garrison the i. c /ahds and keep the \
people in restraint for twenty years to come. This means that that service will in that time absorb, j
360,000 soldiers, who must be transported there. and back.
\ In his testimony before the committee Mr. Barrows, who is our Governor .of the uncivil
ized tribes, said he did not expect to live to see the day when the Filipinos' would be capable of
self-government, "for the Filipino is not born who could control, to say nothing of governing j
justly, the. Philippine Islands." It seems like a contradiction when, answering a, question by Sena
tor.Hale, he said: "It would-be surprising if the Filipinos, who have been struggling for years for
independence and making sacrifices for it, should be able. to dismiss the thought from their minds
at once." It has been supposed to be the rule that capacity for self-government and the aspiration
for independence go together But dismissing that, it is evident that we must hold them dependent
until they dismiss from their minds the thought of independence That means an autocracy.. and' 1
autocracy depends on force, and force means the army. So, from this standpoint, we arc therefor !
principle and must exilu'de Chinese labor and give up commercial profit. This is a sacrifice and
all sacrifice is noble. ¦. \\ ' ;"' - '¦''':.
Turning to the alternative, we have the testimony of the same Governor Barrows that
"white men cannot do the manual and plantation labor of the islands." and that of the AmeVican
Chamber of Commerce that the natives will not labor beyond self-support. To this is added the \
declaration of both of our geneials of the army who have testifie 1. that the natives do not even \
knowhow to fight. One said that he never attacked them without regret, that it was "like killing- j
women and children; and there was in it neither glory nor honor.'"* The' other military witness I
admitted that a great many natives had been slaughtered because when attacked they would I
huddle together, could not defend themselves, and did not know enough to surrender. Plutarch -i
leaves us to conclude that Alexander, after marching to the Ganges, turned and left India because \
the people would not fight, and he concluded that a country was not' worth conquering whose • !
people thought it not worth defending. ¦ ".*¦" ;
r H -» HE quest for information. by the Senate^Committee on Insular Affairs : is, at last .enlighten-'
| ing the country as to the situation" in the Philippines. . There is revealed a head-end col
1 lision between commerce and politics, between principle and interest. "Governor Taft
* demands, the exclusion of the Chinese as a matter of principle.. The American Merchants'
Exchange of Manila demands the unlimited admission of., Chinese as a matter of interest.
LIGHT ON;THE JFliiLjIJPFlJSrEiS; ;
BY GU1SARO.
by J. / N I- PART N .TON.
TIVOLI'S IMPRESARIO SAYS-MONEY
COULD NOT BUY MEMORIES
OF RECENT TRIP.
THERE IS NO WAY OF PREDICTING
WHICH WAY PUBLIC WILL
TAKE NEW PLAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
JJniN D or uCKELS, Proprietor , . '-• . Adcress Communications to W. : . LEAKE, Manag r
SUNDAY .............;.... ¦=.-. :........ . ...... "TTTTTi ..'...: .:........... .;.;...... MARCH 2.^. iqo2
Publication Office ; ..;......... .....:. I <£^sj$fe» . ...'.........:. .'...... '¦'. '..'-.. Market and Third. S. F
.¦¦ - ) .i ¦¦.«;¦. -JSrijsjMc-'^ ¦ ¦ .•;•.•.".•.¦¦ ¦' .;; - ¦
22
THE SAiT Fr{A>"CISCO."cAl,'lj, SliXDAY, .J1AECH 23, 1902.:
GREATEST
Sale ever held on the coast. When you can
buy or rent a high-grade standard make piano
for
3.75 a Month
Why not have one? You can get it from us
only — no other dealer can afford to do thU
because we axe the only direct . factory repre-
sentatives on the coast.. One profit from fac-
tory to consumer. Second grade pianoa $U8
up. 50 second-hand '
bargains, among which are the following:
1 Knabe *'*r. 2 Chlekerlnr «1«T
J Sommer \"Wl Heine .* : '.v; ! *sSa
1 Hyae as 2 Stein-way 205
. ¦ - mm% • - mm Ei E , .¦
Is indorsed by an musicians; over 5000 in us«
In _Saa. Francisco. A«ent» tor 1O diSerent
majcea. ¦ ¦ - ...
HEINE HALL. 235-237 GEAR? ST.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Esstcr. linili^ls&
We can make you Vy/'K^^&^rKSS
up a suit that will X^trfk/Flffi:' ttS
not only fit you
right to start with, v#;#;J^>jQ \
but will hoid its U\1i4?&~S' \
Fhape to th<> pnd. wfry&jif '
Our new spring and KiffXf- "'if
summer fabrics are i . ¦ p*JJ 2«j
the Bwellest in town. g« r$
All the new black VSJ !fr\
and white effetns are W. yW
Included. Call . and Jut AL fm
inspect them. V *** "^Tk,
Payments of
$1.00 a Week '
Make it easy for you to get a good suit
made to measure.
128 EHlS St AbovePoweil
¦William . Levy, manager." of the Midway
Flaisance, . ; waa convicted : by , Judge . Ca
baniss 1 yesterday - on the ' charge ; of selling
liquor without a license.! He was ordered
to appear.-:; for : sentence : to-morrow. He
sold the liquor to Policeman Charles Skel
ly, who was . in citizen's clothes at • the
time. ?/AHtaate^5R* ' '
Sold Liquor Without License.
Mrs. Mary Rose, who claims to be the
wife of D. Rose, . a sailor, applied at the
Receiving Hospital , yesterday for treat
ment. "Her face was badly bruised as a
result of a beating she claims was given
her by Rose and a woman named Queen
at:- the house of the' latter, 101% Stark
street J Dr. Armlstead dressed her
wounds. When • the police went . to lock
for Rose they found that he had left on
the > whaler Thrasher, for ¦ & cruise to
Alaska.
Woman Was Badly Beaten.
¦ John Webb was held. to answer before
the' Superior Court by, Judge Mogan yes
terday on • the charge ~ of grand larceny,
for stealing a; $15 postofflce order and
army discharge papers from .Wright • Al
len, a former soldier. .
; Matthew F.;Gano was held to answer
by Judge Mogan- on a charge of attempt
to commit burglary; at , the residence, of
H. Schneider, 2809% Greenwich street.
Def endanta Held to rAiiswer.
Judge Cook heard the arguments yes
terday of counsel on the order calling
upon Chester F. .Wright and Dexter M.
Wright : to show cause : why they • should
not be punished for contempt of court.
The Judge found them guilty of contempt
and Chester was fined $250 and Dexter $20.
Michael J. Kochman and the- Wrights
were in partnership in a music store at
250-258 Turk street when complications
arose and Kochman applied for a writ of
Injunction restraining ,the Wrights 'from
removing any of .the stock. A temporary
restraining order was granted by Judge
Cook, which the Wrights disobeyed i by
removing the stock. 1 ' It was proved * that
Chester,, was the chief violator t of . the ¦ or
der, Dexter having 'merely looked on.' *
* The Judge also overruled the demurrer
to the complaint and made an order that
the restraining .order hold' good till th»
trial of the cause next week. ... ' v
murrer. and Holds the Bestrain
ing Order Good.
Judge Cook, Overrules Their D«'
WRIGHTS FDJED FOB.
OONTTEMPT <XP OOTTOT
The Jarrow wood, which grows in Aus
tralia, is almost the only kind known to
the lumbermen which effectively resists
the depredations of Insects. Not an insect
will touch it. n. ;
To get the best! Any dealer anywhere
will supply Evans' Ale. Sherwood &
Sherwood, distributors, San Francisco,
Los Angeles, Portland, Seattle. •
It's Just as Easy
John O'Brien, a cornice-maker in the
employ of the Forderer Cornice Works at
10 Natoma street, while at work yester
day on the second story of a building on
Polk street, between Clay arid Washing
ton, lost his balance and fell ¦ thirty
feet. In his descent he struck several
of the floor Joists, which Inflicted numer
ous wounds on his head. His ears, nose
and Jawbones were lacerated. His groin
was injured by contact with an upright
ecantllng. He was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital and treated by Dr. Bun
nell.
Cornice-Fitter Ig Injured.
To-morrow will be the greatest day of
all at The Lyceum Clothing Co. 1000 men's
all-wool suits worth $20 00 each, and every
one of them will be sold for $5 85. Th!s
lot of clothing Is from the stock of Adler
& Sens €>t Chicago, and must be disposed
of. These suits are tailor made, of the
very best material, latest patterns, in
wool cheviots, tweeds, serge, worsted and
cassixnere. round and square cut. All will
go notwithstanding they are worth $20 00,
to-morrow for $5 85, at the Manufactur
ers' Clothing Sale, 915 Market St., opp
Mason. . •
A Great Pay.
In the evening there will bo vespers,
sermon and solemn benediction of the
blessed sacrament. During the week the :
special sanctuary choir will sing Tene
brae on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
confirmation in St. Brendan's Church this
afternoon at 4 o'clock. n *
The regular monthly musical service of
the California-street M. E. Church will be
held this evening. The c^ olr -, 1 ? nder r ,V ie .
direction of Robert Lloyd, will render
the following programme: Organ solo,
"Grand Fantasia" (Batiste). J. B.Warbur
ton; anthem, "No Shadow Yonder" (Gaul)
solo, Mrs. A. T. Fletcher; solo. '"The
Palms" (Faure), Robert Lloyd; Quart**
"No Evil Shall Befall" (Costa). Mrs.
Fletcher, Miss Newport, Mrs. Madden
and Mrs. Lloyd; solo, "Abide With Me.
(Llddle), Mrs. John Madden; anthem.
"Break Forth Into Joy," Simper; violin
solo, "Intermezzo" (Mascagni), Miss Adele
Welisch; solo, "Fear Not Ye, O Israel
(Buck), Miss Louise Grossett; organ solo,
"Grand March" (Scotson Clarke J..B.
W ThS U ReT P. A. Keast of Epworth M.
E. Church will preach this mornine on
VThe Divine Magnet: or, the Drawing
Power of Christianity," and in the even
ing on "Pilate's Wife's Dream: or. the
Part Played by a Woman in the Divine
K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning .on
"Christ, the Life of His People," and In
the evening on "The Angel of Love and
the Demon of Hate." ¦
Rev F W. Lloyd of Richmond M. E.
Church will preach this -evening on
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this evening on "Our
Visitations."
Rev. John Stephens of Simpson Memo
rial Church will precah this evening on
"Jesus, the Messiah." „
"Thy King. Cometh" and "Human
Speech, Its Power and Significance," wlU
be sermons at the Central M. E. Church
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary M.
E Church will preach this morning on
"Palm Branches" and In the evening on
"The Cross."
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on * The
Lord Stood by Him" and in the evening
on "God Our Father." "
"Reality" Is the subject of the lesson
at the First Church of Christ, Scientists,
this morning. •
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this
morning on "Hosanna to the Son of Da
vid" and In the evening on "When the
Dust Groweth Into Hardness."
Rev.vWIUiam Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Whole Man for the Church"
and In the evening on "The Editor. '
Criaplain Macomber will preach at the
services this day at. the Richmond Con
gregational Church.
. Rev. J. T. McKlttriok of San Jose will
preach at the First U. P. Church this day.
Morning subject, "The Preacher's Great
Themeri evening, "Patient Continuance.
Rev. 1 E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will: preach this
morning on "A Court that Makes No
Mistakes" and In the evening on "The
Question of Universal Salvation."
At the confirmation .services at the
First Lutheran Church this day Rev. H.
Nelander will preach on the subject "At
the Parting . of the Ways" and in the
evening on "Christ Before Pilate.".
Fourteen children will be confirmed at
the St. Paul's German Lutheran Church
this morning. Rev. Paul Branke will con
duct'the services.
Rev. T. Brown of the A. • M. E. Zion
Church (colored) will preach this morn-
Ing on "Triumphant Entry of Christ Into
Jerusalem"; Rev. T. M. Draper of the
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry
will preach in the evening.
Frank W. Smith will address a mass
meeting at the Y.:M. C. A/ this afternoon
on "The Foolishness of Fooling with
Sin." The association male quartet will
sing. ¦ ' - ' : ¦
recessional hymn, "All Glory. Laud, and
Honor," Paulist Hymnal. The regular
gallery choir will sing Gounod's Messe de
Paques, with a contralto solo, "Ave
Verum." by-C. Harding Tebbs.' at the
communion, sung by Mrs. Marguerite
Wllbourn. ; The "Passion" will be sol
emnly chanted by three priests of the
Paulist Order. .
One night in October, charges Mrs.
Bates, she had to summon a policeman
to help her to get Into the house because
Bates had nailed boards across all the
doors and windows. In November of last
year, alleges Mrs. Bates, her husband
carried away all her clothing and it took
her several weeks to find it.
Evangeline Cournier, who waa married
to L. F. Cournier at St. Paul, Minn., in
1880. is suing for divorce on the grounds
of cruelty and intemperance. Ehe charges
her husband with cursing and abusing
her, with threatening her life and with
drinking to such an extent that he negr-
Previous to this episode, the wife al
leg-es. her husband frequently beat and
choked her.
".Poor Bates Is dying:." vouchsafed one,
"A bucket of water wlll-jdo him- good,"
said another. And ptill Bates snored and
snored. "Get a doctor," was the advice
finally offered, and It worked wonders.
The nasal accompaniment ceased and
Bates arose to his feet and growled:
"I'm all right."
Bates was yanked forth without cere
mony, but the snores continued. A few
delicate kicks in the short ribs, and a
slap or eo from calloused hands failed to
Hup the snoring and Mrs. Bates and the
neighbors got ecared.
Pull Bates From Under Bed.
Bates' crowning act of cruelty, alleges
Mrs. Bates, was the fright he gave her one
night last December, when, while she lay
sound asleep, he crawled under her bed
and frightened her almost unto death by
the noises he made. She summoned the
neighbors, ehe alleges, and they proceeded
to investigate. Presumably there are sev
eral old maids who reside near Mrs.
Bates, for the first place searched was
the Epace under the bed. There, fiat on
his back, snoring as if the success of his
mission in life depended upon the noise
he made, was Bates.
A husband who crawls, stealthily, at
midnight, under his wife's bed and who
by his snores and other unseemly .noises
frightens his spouse so that she -calls in
her neighbors to investigate. Is the sort
of a husband John Bates of 274 Jessie
street is. according to his wife, Anna,
who filed a suit for divorce yesterday.
The complaint is a recital of some al
leged queer doings on the part of Bates.
The State Board of Trade Is anxious to
begin the more extended work and Is urg
ing that this committee be created as
soon as possible. Neither of the railroad
companies has yet named a representa
tive, but it is presumed that this can not
be done until an opportunity occurs to
consult with the heads of the respective
corporations.
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade, who, by resolution of the presi
dents at their meeting last Monday, was
requested to convssa this committee as
scon as It is appointed, said yesterday
that as soon as two-thirds ttr more of the
appointments are made he will take the
responsibility of calling the committee to
gether for at least a preliminary consul
tation and such action as the then ap
pointed members may feel free to Inaug
urate.
A. A. Watkins, president of the Board
of Trade of San Francisco, has agreed to^
serve as a member of the new promotion
committee of the State Board of Trade
until such time as his board meets ana
he can consult with the members and
make a selection of some one who is fully
qualified and can give his time to the.
active and important duties of this pro
posed committee.
A. Sbarboro, president of. the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, has
also kindly agreed to serve as a member
of the committee until such time as he
can make a selection that will in all .wise
be satisfactory to his association.
Word having been received from Sena
tor S. C Smith of the San Joaquln Val
ley Commercial Association that he did
not care to make a selection until the
meeting of his organization, which will
be about a week yet, he has been asked
also to serve in the meantime. Only nine
members of -the committee, out of fifteen,
have been named, Including Watkins and
Sbarboro.
She Calls In Neighbors
to Investigate the
Noises.
Expects Promotion Body
for North Will Soon
BATES' SNORES
FRIGHTEN WIFE
FILCHER PLANS
PROMPT ACTION
Mrs. Jennie M. Klapperich, who Is be
ing sued for divorce by John J. Klap
pericb, filed an answer and cross com
plaint yesterday. She denies that she
ever said her husband was crazy, or that
she drove him from home by her ill
treatment. She also denies having com
pelled him to mend his clothes. In her
cross complaint the- wife alleges that her
husband deserted her. Tne Klapperichs
were married in 1886 and reside at 179
Albion avenue. =
Charles A. Burnharn has petitioned the
Superior Court for a modification of the
decree of divorce obtained by Mary W.
Burnham a few months ago. The Burn
hams have two children, a boy and a girl,
the latter being 15 years of age. The de
cree of divorce gave Mrs. Burnham the
custody of the girl, while the boy was
given to the father. Burnham, in his pe
tition, alleges that his former. wife lately
contracted a second marriage, and separ
ated from her husband a 6hort time after.
She drinks to excess, alleges Burnham
and is not a fit person to have the care of
a young girl. He asks that the court
give the daughter to his care.
Thomas Muller is suing Jennie A. Muller
for divorce for habitual intemperance.
Mrs. Carmen Rodriguez, mother of
Joaquln Santa Cruz, brought suit yester.
day for the annulment of her daughter's
marriage to Emelia Santa Cruz, which
was celebrated in this city March 4, 1901.
She alleges that her daughter was under
age at the time she married.
Mrs. Klapperich Files Answer.
Pearl E. Adams , is suing for a divorce
from William Adams, whom she married
at Oakland a year ago. She alleges
that he was convicted of a felony last
August, and is now servlner a sentence of
imprisonment at San Quentin. ,•• ¦•.-•. .'¦.¦"
lects his business. For the last year, al
leges Mrs. Cournier, he has failed to pro
vide for her. .
The services at the Paullst Church (old
St. Mary's) this morning at 10:30 o'clock
,wlll be especially solemn,, being the com
memoration of our Lord's entry into
Jerusalem, Palm Sunday. The regular
choir will be supplemented by a special
sanctuary 'choir, which will sing during
the asperges and the blessing and.proces
sion of the palms the' following music:
Processional hymn, "The Royal Ban
ners," Paullst Hymnal; Asperges, Pueri
Hebraeorum; Gloria Laus and . Vexilla
Regis, Gregorian; Hosanna Flllo David,
Peters; Sanctus and Benedlctus, Perosl;
To-day, being Palm Sunday, the devo
tions of the Calvarian Society will be the
occasion for a sermon by the Rev. Joseph
P. McQuaide. His subject: "Fickleness,"
Is based upon [ the texts :\. "And, the whole
multitude began with joy to praise God
with a loud voice, saying: Blessed be the
King who cometh in the name of the
Lord. • *. • :The whole multitude to
gether cried out, saying: Away with him.
Crucify him." (St. Luke.)
Benediction , of the blessed sacrament
will conclude the afternoon's servlces..
Washington announces that not only
Companies 15. and 19 will be present at the
encampment, but that the entire brigade
will' be In line. It is expected that fully
3000 people will come here from .Washing
ton during the Knights of Pythias week.
West Virginia will send Companies 16
and 17 to represent It in the encamp
ment. . ,
Wisconsin will be represented by Com
panies 19 and 35.
Twenty-three States and Territories
have yet to be heard from, including Cali
fornia, which It is expected .will have a
representation from every company In the
grand domain.
Pennsylvania announces that the reports
received at the headquarters of the brig
adier general of the State show that there
will be a . very large delegation present
to represent the Keystone State. Many
members of the lodges and their friends
will accompany the party.
Texas will be represented by Companies
20 and 61 and many ' members of lodges
where the companies are located. A large
number of the members. of the Rathbone
Sisters will accompany the party.
Virginia reports I that Companies 10 and
17 have arranged to attend the encamp
ment. ¦ -';*.-•
New Jersey, has, to date, reported but
one company, but it has given assurance
that there will be many "ladies, friends
and neichbors" in the party. •
Ohlowill be represented i by a large dele
gation. Companies 4, 6, 17, 23, 31, 35, 53, 56,
74, 83, 85, 93, 117 and 118 have announced
their intention of coming here. »• -,;.;¦;
Ohio to Be Well Represented.
Montana does not intend to be unrepre
sented, for it will send Companies 2, 9
and 10. Each member of these companies
is provided, in addition to fatigue uni
form, with a full dress uniform. Many of
the members of the Montana lodge and a
number of Iadle3 ? will accompany the
party. , , ; -¦-
Nevada expects to shine during the en
campment. It has secured a special train
to start from Reno with the members of
the several companies of the Sagebrush
State. As yet the number of visitors has
not been announced.
Minnesota will be ' represented by Com
panies 10, 12,. 19 and 22, and these are to be
accompanied by many friends, who want
to see for themselves if the Golden State
is superior to their own.
Missouri expects to have a large repre
sentation. The feature from that State
will be a troop of mounted Knights of the
Uniform Rank, probably seventy-five,
rank and file. .Company No. 63 has signi
fied its Intention to go as a fully equipped
company and to be accompanied by a
large number of ladles and friends. This
company will take part in the competitive
drill. ?•-¦¦:'• : \ .¦•".¦ ..„;;.,,,
Missouri to Send Mounted Troop.
Massachusetts reports that Companies
1 and 28 will send a good representation
to the encampment. ,
Michigan announces a large representa
tion, Companies 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 44, 45, 56 and
64 having already signified that they have
made arrangements to visit California.
These companies will come on the same
train and will take up more than two
sections. /»•'., ' ,.¦ -.
: Kentucky announces that Companies 1,
2 and 45 will be in line, and that each
will have a large representation of the
membership. The members will be ac
companied by a . number of ladies and
friends. <¦¦
Kansas reports that it will be repre
sented by Companies 2, 15, 26 and 44. Com
•pany 2 of Wicnita will have a numerical
strength of 60. It will be accompanied
by about fifteen members of the local
lodge of Knights. Each of the .vislti/ig
companies will have j its contingent of
ladies, \
Illinois promises a large representation
of the uniformed Knights. Tne members
of Companies 5, 15, 28, 32, 34, 52 and 91, a
large representation trom companies lo
cated in Chicago and -a great, number of
ladies will attend the encampment. •
Indiana, the home of Major . General
Carnahan, commanding the entire bod>
of Uniformed Kank, proposes to have a
representation that will do credit to that
State. Up to February 15 Companies 3, 6,
20, 26, 2&, 34, 36,-41, 61, 69, 76, 7S, 83, 90 and
&6 had reported being, ready. to obey the
word of command to move on the West.
Each of these companies has announced
that It will be accompanied by a large
number of ladies and/ friends who will
take advantage of the' excursion rates to
California^ .
That the members of the Uniform Rank
of the Knights- of Pythias are' taking an
active interest in the Grand -Encampment
to be held in' this city next August, at the
same time that the Supreme Lodge of
the ¦ order, the ¦ Supreme Temple of \ the
Kathbone Sisters and the ladles' branch
of the Knights meets here, is evinced by.
tne reports that have been received from
various States. . ;
Arkansas will be represented by two
companies. A number of ladies will ac
company the Knights.
Colorado will send a battalion of four
companies. General H. W. Gibbons of
i J ueblo says that the members are an
ticipating a most enjoyable time here.
They further hope to return . home with
the trophies offered for the competitive
urlll or at least some of them. WlveB
and* lady relatives of the members^ will
accompany them. . ,. , . , , Q
• Connecticut Companies Nos. 14 and 13
have signihed their intention of coming
.o San jj'rancisco with fuil ranks. They
ulll -be accompanied by many other
Vythians and a goodly representation of
the ladies of the Nutmeg State.
Delaware announces tnat tne members
of Company 1, togetner with the ladies
of their families, are on the list. . ,
Florida will be represented by a com
pany of 30 • members and at least twice
that number of • ladies.
Georgia will send Companies 3 and 14.
There are prospects of others coming
here. ¦•*¦•_¦ • . «
Many Knights Coming From Indiana.
Variety of Texts ; Chosen by
Divines for Sabbath •.
Discourses.
Members and Their Friends
Will Visit This City Next
August ;
Special Devotional Exer
. cises to Be Held at
Cathedral.
Pythians of IVenty-Two
States Send Reports
¦¦; to Headquarters.
KNIGHTS PREPARE
FOR ENCAMPMENT
PALM SUNDAY
IN CHURCHES
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ,MMCH 23, 1902.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'O-— — — O O-r : O
NEW - V.PH7 - NEW
GRASS WASH
LIiNENS -lilyU GOODS.
;,-. In fancy stripes, Pretty for waists
open work and lf¥T A C ttl anc^ su ' ts — organ-
1 j j a a. mml A !¦ dies, Swisses, lawns
colored dot effects. WW /I B 9 . . .
i if t\ kJ A J. an " batistes — open
just right for waists 'V work patterns,
and dresses — spe- stripes and dots^ —
¦ s;;^r nins to ' c I'DDir c S'^^B
15c ..Yd. rAoKItj 25c Yd.
1 O— — -— — O \ C- : — .. " — O
"Never before in' our history have ! we t shown such a
choice assortment. of. summer wash goods. In order to in-
troduce the stock we are offering some very . special values
beginning to-morrow. Among them is 'a fine zephyr 'ging-
ham, just ' the thing for waists, # wrappers and chil-
dren's dresses— in plain colors or patterns — over 75 dis-
tinctly new styles to choose from — very special.......7^C Yd.
For sale at Market-street store only.
Silk Spot Zephyrs-
One of the prettiest of the new wash fabrics — an especially choice as-
sortment for waists and summer dresses— looks like silk and washes bet-
ter—all fast colors— on sale beginning to-morrow. 25c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Crepe de t Poplin—
A very new, all-wool fabric of the crepy order— very much in vogue this
season — for street and calling dresses — in every fashionable shade, in-
cluding tans,; grays, resedas and new blues — also a fine, fast, midnight
black— 36 inches wide and a regular 75c fabric — a great special, begin-
ning to-morrow . . . . ' 50c Yard
ly^jjv For sale at Market-street store only. .
Panne Satin Venetian Cloth-
The correct material for a swell tailor-made suit, raglan, stitched skirt
or children's box coats— strictly all-wool, with a rich panne finished
surface— full 52 inches wide and in very new fashionable shades, also a
fast black — sponged and shrunk if desired-^this is our rejrular $x.£0
grade— special all week .".... .OSc Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Black Pebble Cheviot-
An extra heavy quality, suitable for Eton suits, separate, skirts or shop-
ping dresses — every thread wool and: guaranteed fast black — a few
pieces in dark navy shades— full 52 inches wide and was made to sell for
85c a yard — a great special, beginning to-morrow 55c Yard
For tale at Market-street store only.
Satin Stripe Wool Challies— :;T : '•{
An especially pretty material in the very newest spring colorings, such
as biscuit, reseda, vieux rose, turquoise, baby blue, pink, deep blue,
cream and black — all solid colorings, with a rich, satin stripe^ — also in
some new Persian. Turkish and small figured effects— for children's
dresses, in all of the above colors on a cream ground — regular 50c wool
challies, a great special all this week 35c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
ADVERTISE2ttENTa
DC vIOW ID g
Believe the Man |
Who. Tells You That Surgery |
Is the Only Way by Which . j
An a n c a cc nc nil •¦cc'-i
D A1J LiAOL Ul T ILLvJ ]
Can Be Permanently Cured. i
He may be honest in his opinion, but he v may also be mistaken. In this enlightened age it is A SHAME FOR .S
ANY CASE OF PILES TO BE CUT. It is wholly unnecessary for a patient to be taken to a hospital, to, take "¦
chloroform and lie in a ward for weeks under the influence of opiates. These crude methods will soon be rele- ¦
g^ted to oblivion by a newer and more humane treatment, which cures without endangering life, is less expensive, gj
and it is only in exceptional cases that it interferes with the daily. pursuits of the patient whileunder treatment. |jj
Over one thousand persons in this city and State have been cured during the past four years, and they now B
go forth to tell their glad story to their suffering friends. Some believe them and come at once for treatment, g
while others are full of prejudice, preferring to waste a few more years trying salves and ointments. §
The method of, treatment removes the pile tumors absolutely., It has never failed in a single case, but it is ¦
no salve proposition. It cannot be sent, for it must be in the hands of a skilled physician, therefore patients must H
come to the office for treatment. . j|
Real sufferers may have the names of some of those cured, many of whom were cases of thirty arid forty H
years' standing. These persons may be consulted about the matter, in a quiet way. Some of the leading business ¦
men of this coast are among the number. , S
No matter what you may have been told, or what your preconceived opinion may be, this thinsr will bear the §*
most thorough probing, and it is worth your while to investigate. If not interested yourself, for humanity's sake ¦
save this address and give it to some suffering friend. For further particulars and references address J»]
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN, BOX 2673, j
Gall Office, San Francisco ¦
ffBB&IBBniBBeBIEBBHBB51BIIIBEBi!DEBBDBBHHBIlIBIHSBBlHBlBBIlIBIHBIBaDB
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC 00.
;Come in 'early. : Bring $15. or $25 for a
first I ! payment down,;-', and . .take : choice
of .these) beauties. Remember the" num-
ber, 653 Market ', street, opposite the Lotta
fountain. , . •. ,
" Another lot of nearly three carloads of
brand neWi upright ' plan os.'that^could not
regularly, be sold , heretofore for' less than
$300 (and v some dealers have! asked even
$360 for them), go on sale to-morrow for
$186 and $183. Beautiful oak, fancy, ma-'
hogany (genuine), ••and mottled walnut
cases to select from. A discount of 8 per
cent to { cash buyers, , or } pay $15 ' or . more
down and 1 a * small ? amount ; each • month,
under our. new partial payment plan.
To demonstrate our . ability to do this
we ulace on sale to-morrow ; morning two
carloads of the very latest,' brand, new;
regular. $450 pianos,. strictly reliable, high-
grade pianos, i that- embody * every up-to
date idea in high class piano manufacture,
and - are ; J fully : ,, warranted. Take
choice * of every one of these $450 pianos
for. 5286 this week, 8 per cent off for. cash,
or on terms of payment of $25 down and
$10 a; month. : ; '
With four large stores under one man-
agement— buying and selling a larger
number of fine pianos than are sold by
any other institution in the United States.
Pommer-Eilera Music Company possess
numerous special advantages In buying,
selling: ; and . handling pianos , and . organs,
that enable them to sell better instru-
ments for less money than can any other
dealer or agency in the West. ."^;
There Is a' great difference between the
cost of .making a really first-class de-
pendable piano and Its retail selling price,
and while the actual cost to build a high
class piano is probably as great as It was
a number of years ago, .the cost of mar-
keting or selling such Instruments can be
greatly reduced' by the Introduction of the
modern business ' methods ¦ by which, the
great commercial Institutions In other
lines of trade have been so successfully
built up."
We live in an era of progress. Modern
facilities and Inventions to-day make pos-
sible' what but a few year* ago was con-
sidered unattainable. Old ideas, old meth-
ods, old . machinery and old prejudices are
being. daily swept aside in every, line of
human endeavor. I This applies . with
special emphasis to the "Western . piano
and organ trade. By taking advantage
of every modern manufacturing and com-
mercial facility , Pommer-Eilers Muslo
Company are enabled to supply vastly bet-
ter Instruments at greatly reduced prices
than could be done in San Francisco here-
tofore. V .' .'"¦-,.
The arrival last Thursday of Santa F«
car No. 6200 marks an epoch in the San
Francisco piano and organ trade, In that
It contained the first shipment of pianos
made to San Francisco, under Pommer-
Eilers • Music Company's new system of
shipping pianos without boxes, thereby
effecting a saving of at least $120 a car-
load In freight charges alone. •
. To-morrow morning, in addition to our
regular stock of high-grade new pianos,
we offer choice of nearly five carloads of
brand new regular $300 and $450 upright
pianos of the very latest design. These
pianos are absolutely dependable instru-
ments, and fully warranted in every re-
spect. We will sell all of the regular $300
styles ; during the, coming week for $183,
on little monthly payments if desired. The
regular' $450 styles, instruments that have
never been sold" in San Francisco by the
dealer who formerly held the agency for
less than $450/ these same makes and
styles/brand new, '.will, be 'sold 'by us dur-
ing the coming week for $286,' less 3 per
cent for all cash, or on payment ot $25
down, and $10 a month.
A New Era of Piano and Organ Selling.
v Five Carloads of New Pianos to
r/ Go This Week— Don't Fallto
Secure One of Them.
Easy Payments if
Desired.
Company.
Astonishing Offers by
Pommer-Eilers Music
AT CUT
nninro
rKlbtb
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
/jjggfflllfa HAYE Y0U SUBSCRIBED TO THE WINNER MAGAZINE?
I" c a J^<T^Jllf-tLr^Sy\ not ' y° n know that you are missing the chance to secure /SSViSfe^
# B ?^5^?7^^OTa-» A tb* best as well as the largest magazine in the world fmSfflSk "
MWSf^3 h WH0LE YEaR FSR |0 CE^ TS - wk
*^*j]f SUPERBLY ILLUSTRATED, BEAUTIFULLY PRINTED, FILLED WITH 4^l§£j' « !
GREAT STORIES AND SPECIAL DEPARTMENTS. tIHSsV
y?L/nM tS^Pfk^SOT T* 16 greatest World's Pair the world has ever seen, is now I Bf& !
J' -^T-U rv^'f^r' i being built at St. Louis. The Winner Magazine is illustrating JfTy | j| V\ '
i^^^^^^^fc ~~— ~ — 7-*\ NOTHINO UKE IT HAS EVZK BEEN ATTEMPTED BEFORE. fk jliiiu Mfflli^l
'^^^^^SSSSaBSSSBB^f ALL THE NEWS OF THE WORLD P^^W^
jMfflgHpP^"^ \ Is illustrated by special correspondence and photographs, \
rXp**?*^ each month in its pages. If you put it off yon will lose the 'chance to obtain the greatest \ f» wHI'I^M I
magazine published, for the small sum of 10 centB for a whole year's subscription. • \ h^ Ju II yMl I I
THE WINNER MAGAZINE Y)Wll
HAS THE URBEST PAID SUBSCRIPTION OF AHY MAGAZINE IH THE WORLD. mA1|II I
Its Beautiful Pictures, Grand Stories of Romance, Travel and Adventure, and special departments, \jlaJai T*l[jre? I
all make each issue the equal of magazines published at $1.00. ierSSSX^hSi I
By special arrangement with th© publishers of THE WINNER MAGAZINE, every fllw vl I I
reader of The San Francisco Call can have this great magazine sent to them every HaH Y^l I
month for a whole year, including the great Illustrations of the World's Fair, by send- Eg I Rtf I
In? the email sum of 10 CENTS for a whole year's subscription to ' W\S ' HP I
THE WINNER MAGAZINE, w.nnIr 8 bldc. ST. LOUIS, MO.
with fctnuine stamped leather
seat, $1.75. If you are refit-
ting your home with new
furniture, carpets, curtains or j
draperies you ought to see i
. our stock and learn our
prices.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO,, ±
338-342 POST ST/tEBT.
Opposite Union Square.
BBHBBH^BSI^^333BE&EX5SBS2S53S <
Every
Customer
Satisfied
I Is our motto, and we do
not consider our work
completed until it is per-
fect. Our apparatus is
the latest and best. Our
'store is new and hand-
. somely furnished— with
every convenience for '
Hogue-King
Optical Co.,
211 Post St.
Moet&
Chandon
"WHITE SEAL"
Brut Imperial
Celebrated Vintage of 1893.
UNSURPASSEDJN QUALITY.
The tremendous increase of 2S2.432 bottle* la
the- importation of Meet & Chandon daring tin* *
year 1801 speaks volumes for the exccUenc* ot
Moet & Chandon Wnlte Seal.
WILUAVI WOLFF & CO.
PACIFIC COAST AOENTS,
. 216-18 MlJilon »tr«at. a T.
The Weekly Call
61 per Ycap.ST. : LOUIS. March 1 22.— Sheriff Dlckmann
armor need , to-day \ that he had ' found J. . . K.
Murrell,' member of the City Council, Indicted
for bribery. • who : Jumped his bond last week,
* nd^ would hay* him back in St. Louis shortly.
'.' The girl is 'well "matured for her age,
and appears to* be .about 20' years old.
Her home life, according - to, Detective
Kyte of Oakland, was not happy and she
came to the city to. obtain work. She
secured employment -as a waitress in a
restaurant at , 126 Ninth street, and spent
her nights In cheap lodging-houses.!. She
made .the i l acquaintance of George Clem
mings,:who Is employed in an automobile
establishment at Twentieth and . Folsom
streets, and the \ nights were : generally,
spent in his company. : ' ,. :
.All trace of the girl was lost on Friday,
and as Clemmings-sald he did not know
wnere- she had 'gone- he :¦ was taken' into
custody, ; Defective Kyte took Clemmlngs
to Oakland last night to see what action
the girl s parents might twish to take, but
, as ; It was : shown \ that he had - commi tted
no crime no charge ; was placed against
him and he : was ; released. Miss; Tusher
will- be removed- from the -hospital to
•her home to-day, as the operation per
rormed of - a minor character. >
.According to Dr. d'Arcy Power, the res-
Went .physician . of the . California ¦ General
Hospital. ; the ¦ girl ; appeared at '¦ the clinic
iv } X. ' a - wa s recommended " to - go ¦ tc
the : hospital, as '. she said she had no
money nor friends. Dr. Power^ would hot
P^mit her. to be seen last night. v
, ft T > < V Slrljmade . complaint September 4.^
1900, in Oakland against -"A. J. r . Lefort,
charging hlm\wlth assault; • She disap
peared before" the -preliminary examina
tion; was held, and Lefort went free. -The
Oakland t police had . a i bench \ warrant • for
her • arrest, but -were unable to find • her."
Emily Tusher, . 16. years of age, who left
her home at 490 Forty-third- street,' Oak
land, a little more' than a week ago, was
found yesterday at the California General
Hospital, 230 Douglas street,- where she
applied, for treatment as a charity: pa
tient: on Friday morning. "Detectives An
thony and Graham located her by a de
scription furnished of her by the doctors
at ¦ the. free clinic . attached to the College
of Physicians and Surgeons ¦ at Four
teenth and Mission streets.1Q£9&3^£BStt(3
and Lived in Cheap Lodging-
Houses. .
Emily Tusher Left Home a "Week Ago
became a session of Alamo Camp No. SO
of this city. The work of Initiating the 316
candidates was then , taken up. The fa
mous Joseph degree team of Centerville
assisted in the rites.- It was long after
midnight before the lntiation was com
pleted. ¦ —
Of the big class of new members Alamo
Camp of this city supplied 216, Los Gatos
5, Campbell 10, Berryessa 10, Cupertino 15,
Mountain View 8, Santa Clara 38 and Palo
Alto 15.
A banquet followed, in which about 1500
persons participated. There were speech*
es. and it was after 1 o'clock before the
audience began to leave the Pavilion.
The event was one of the most remark
able In the history of woodcraft In Santa
Clara County. Its success was due to the
work of Alamo Camp and the assistance
rendered ' by Organizer Temple ' and his
deputies.
LOS ANGELES, March 22. — John O. Ortb,
appearing for his ward, Gottlelb Ortb. to-day
began suit against the Traction Street Rail
way Company, to recover (60,000 damages for
injuries sustained by the young man on Feb
ruary 18, when he was run into by a Traction
car at the corner of Third and San Pedro
streets.
The California. Schuetzen Club will hold
a big shooting festival at its park near
San Rafael next Sunday, the 30th Inst.
The distribution of prizes will take place
on April 3 at Elntracht Hall, Twelfth
and Folsom streets, the occasion being a
social gathering of the club members.
Schuetzen Club Festival.
.Those not Woodmen. withdrew after the
entertainment and dril^and the meeting
MISSING OAKLAND GIBI*
IS POUND IN HOSPITAL
The work of the drill ¦ teams was espe
cially fine, as was that . of the Enisvale
Circle : team, and . won the admiration of
the audience. - The Enlsdale • team, com
posed of twenty young ladles, woro red
and white suits, with red hats and white
stockades. ¦¦ • .'-'•>
The. line of march took in the principal
streets and then extended out Santa Clara
to the carnival pavilion on the Alameda.'
This, was a fitting ending- for, the march
of the Woodmen,' as the trees of the Ala
meda and the forests of Agricultural
Park, in which is situated the hall, were
a suitable background for the camp in
which the Woodmen were to perform the
secret work of their ritual.
The big pavilion was handsomely deco
rated with flags and boughs. A musical
and literary entertainment preceded the
initiation, to which several thousand resi
dents of San Jose had been invited. W.
L. H. Geldert, chairman of the commit
tee having the initiation in charge, was
chairman of the evening. The programme
was as follows:
Woodmen nolo and chorus, ."Keep , the Logs
A-Rolling," Professor Lawrence and chorus of
Alamo Camp; address of welcome, L.. J. Chip
man, County Superintendent of Schools; music.
Tamalpais Camo Band; exhibition " drill, team
of Spruce CamD of ¦ Alameda, CaDtain Goggln;
exhibition^ drill, team of Western Addition
Camp Of San Francisco, Captain Beckham;
Bong, "Billy" Hynes of ¦ San Francisco; exhi
bition drill, guards of Enisvale Circle, Women
of Woodcraft: exhibition drill, team, of Alpha
Camp of Oakland, ¦ Captain Hosier; remarks,
Btate Organizer Temple; exhibition drill, team
of : Oakland Camp No. 01, Captain Hunt; exhi
bition drill, team, of Forest Camp of Oakland,
Captain ¦ Bennett: monolosue. "Billy 1 " Hynes;
"America," led. by Tamalpais Camp Band and
chorus of Alamo Camp. - Accompanist for the
evening, Miss Katheryn Madden of San.Fran
cisco.
Parade Halts at Pavilion.
View and Cartillejo campa and the drill
team of Alamo Camp. , , ' : -V
TWO OFFICERS HIGH IN ' THE COUNCILS OF -THE WOODMEN OF
THE WORLD," AND THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE " THAT ' MADE
"" k THE., GREAT ; SAN- JOSE LOG-ROLLING A SUCCESS. : . '.
SAN JOSE, March 22.— The Wood
men of. the "World took possession
of the Garden City to-night, and
during their occupation added 316
names to their roster. Headed by
the drill, teams, bearing shining axes, the
followers of from San Fran
cisco, Oakland and Alameda. escorted by
the Santa Clara ' " County • members,
marched through the streets. In the line
were twenty members of the Enisvale Cir
cle, Women of Woodcraft, in carriages.
The biggest gathering: of Woodmen and
their friends ever held in this county fol
lowed the parade.. It took place in \the.
Carnival Pavilion, and 'prominent mem-'
bers of the organization from every . part
of the State were present. About 5000 per
sons crowded the pavilion.. ¦>
The. people of the city turned out en
masse and lined the streets , through
which the procession passed. Fully. 1500
men were In line. Of these about 800 were
from San , Francisco, Oakland and Ala
meda. and the rest were from. the camps
of this county. The parade was an im
posing one and such a fraternal gathering
"was never before seen here. Under the
glare of red fire the various degree teams
executed fancy evolutions that brought
forth cheers from the onlookers, which
were answered by the yells df the Wood
men. '
Camps in Line of March.
The Oakland and Alameda delegations
arrived by special train at 8 o'clock and
the San Francisco camps arrived a half
hour later. Alamo Camp of San Jose and
the sister camps of Santa Clara County
met the visitors at the station. Here the
street parade was formed; - A. G. ¦ Bennett
was grand marshal and his aids were
F. B. Brown, Charles Hammond and E.
Holland.
A squad of police headed the first divi
sion; Tamalpais Band of San Francisco
came next, followed by the Joseph drill
team of Centervllle. . Then came repre
sentatives of Spruce. Alameda, Oakland,
Forest, Western Addition, Mission, Gold
en Gate, San Francisco, Redwood, Tamal
pais, Calumet and Richmond camps, fol
lowed by carriages containing Organizers
Temple, Bixford and Dpdson, ' Orator of
the Evening L. J. Chlpman, first consul
commander of Alamo Camp, and" the ex
ecutive committee — Chairman W. ' Lt." H.
Geldert, B. F. Garrison, E. H.: Wemple
and T. M. Wright. The visiting campa
made a fine appearance and their marcit-
Ing brought" forth praise.
; The second division was marshaled by
H. B. Burns, with G. B. Burdlck, E. A.
Mansfield and A. : McDonald as aids. It
consisted of Brohaska's band,' Enisvale
Clrcle/Women of Woodcraft of San Jose,
Charter Oak,' Los Gatos. Pin Oak, Camp
bell, Cupertino, Alum Rock, Mountain
one of the previous speakers, would prove
a sound financial venture.
Judge George H. Cabanlss also spoke
encouragingly of the association and
urged all present to lend their assistance.
F. J. Buria of Alameda spoke on the
same lines. -
. Between speeches there were recitations
by Emello Lastreto, great sannap; vocal
selections by G. ,W. '-. Howe and piano se
lections by Edward Klein. ¦ '._. . ,
, The Mormons are pushing a vigorous
propaganda in ¦ the Eastern States - of
America, 130 missionaries being at work.
The State law which provides that a
contract between owners and contractors
is void unless the price be in terms ; of
money only was adjudged invalid by the
Supreme Court yesterday. The court's de
cision is far-reaching in its effect, as it
makes the contract price the limit on" all
mechanics' liens.
F. W. Braun et al. are the owners of a
building known as the -Vickery block, in
Los Angeles. They contracted with Parton
& Tuttle for extended Interior Improve
ments, for which they were to pay $12,254
in Installments. The last, which was the
only one unpaid at the beginning of- the
suit, was $3064. One of the. terms or tne
contract was that Parton & Tuttle were
to have all the old material and to use
so much of it as would comply with tne
requirements. \' v ¦'•¦', ,
The Stimson Mill Company furnished
considerable material to the contractors
and filed a claim of lien on the property.
The company was made the assignee of
other material men and laborers who also
had claims of lien. Suit for foreclosure
of these combined liens was brought
against the owners of the building. Ihe
value of all the claims was $9804 44.
The law provides that a contract price
must be in terms of money only. The
lower court held that f the agreement that
the contractors should be partly paid In
old materials was accordingly unlawful
and the contract void. ¦ •
Holds Claims Were Just.
It was also decided that the materials
and labor of the lien claimants had been
furnished legally, although not literally,
at the instance of the owners of the
building. Consequently it was held that
their claims were just.
The Supreme Court declares that a law
which forbids people to make contracts
in which provision Is made for part pay
ments in something other than money is
unconstitutional. If the claims in the
case at bar should be allowed the owners
would have to pay more for their im
provements than they had contracted for.
It is held that the claimants can expect
redress only to the amount of the con
tract pricej What Is left of that is the
last installment, which amounts to $3064.
The owners, therefore, will have to pay
only this amount.
The court also decided yesterday that
the county of Alameda can not recover
$230 which it paid out to Henry Evers, a
former Coroner, on alleged fraudulent
claims. Evers handed in bills which were
allowed by the Board of Supervisors. At
a later date it is alleged that the. discov
ery was made that the bills were for ser
vices never performed. Suit to recover
the money was then instituted. The
court holds that it was the business of
the Board of Superviso.s to find out about
the validity of the claims before allowing
them. It is decided, accordingly, that
Evers can keep the money, even if he did
not handle as many unclaimed dead as he
said he did.
Transfer Is Denied.
' J. W. Hosselkus, administrator of the
estate of Mat Healey, deceased, failed in
his attempt to have his suit transferred
from Modoc County to some other local
ity. Healey was on the bond of John
Madden, the Modoc County Treasurer,
who in 1897 is alleged to have embezzled
$34.825 25 of the public funds. Suit was
brougtit against all the bondsmen in Mo
.doc County. Hosselkus claimed that
HeaJey's residence and interests were in
Lassen County, and that therefore Modoc
County instituted the suit- In the wrong
locality. The court holds that as all the
other bondsmen had their residences in
Modoc County and as Healey held prop
erty there no mistake was made by the
officials in bringing suit where they did.
James Richardson, convicted of stealing
95 cents from Frank Geary, was granted
a new trial on the ground that the Judge
of the lower court ha.d erroneously
charged the jury. The Judge directed
that a verdict of guilty be found if the
jury was convinced that Richardson took
any personal property of Geary's. The
opinion of the Supreme Court says that
such a charge would cover the theft of a
Jack-knife or anything else not mentioned
In the indictment.
IMPROVED BED MEN
HOLD MASS-MEETING}
Discus's Proposition of Building a
Nevr Sail for the Order on
Golden Gate Avenue.
There was ,a large attendance of the
members . of the local tribes of the Im
proved Order of Red Men, the local coun
cils of the Degree of Pocahontas and of
the tribes and councils of Alameda Coun
ty at the mass-meeting held last night in
the assembly hall of the Post-street "Wig
wam. The meeting was called to ¦ order
by Past Great Sachem George W. Col
| lins, who in a succlnfct manner outlined
,the object of the meeting. After an In
strumental selection Past Great Sachem
A. Jackson, who is a practical builder,
gave an outline of the building which it
is proposed to erect on Golden. Gate ave
nue. He said that the Idea is to have a
two-story and mezzanine building of
brick and stone, with stores on the ground
floor. It Is to be fitted up specially to
meet the needs of the order. The plan
includes a large council hall, reception
rooms for gentlemen and ladies, a smok
ing-room and a number, of tribe rooms to
accommodate the tribes and councils of
this city, together, with offices for the
great chief of records.
J. Harry Hutaff, secretary of the ex
ecutive committee, gave a detailed acount
of what had been done. up to the present
time in the matter of soliciting the tribes
to assist in the undertaking. He stated
that it will require at least . one-half as
much more as has already been sub
scribed to enable the association to pro
ceed with the erection of the new build
ing..
J: A. Filcher epoke at some length on
the subject of homes for fraternal organi
zations, and gave the result of his ob
servations in Eastern cities. He urged
individual members of the order to assist
the project, which, as had been said by
Mrs. Lawrence Poole.; Mrs.. William Ash
burncrr, Mro. • William ¦ Bawers Brown. Mrs.
Harry Babcock. Mrs. John B. Babcock. Mrs.
Albert W. . Bacon." Mrs. R. R. Bellknap. Mrs.
John Brfce. Mrs. 'Francis J. Carolan. Mrs. P.
B. Cornwall. Mrs. Silas Casey, Mrs. 1 Horace'
Blanchard Chase. Mrs. •< "William • H. - Crocker.
Mrs- Horace Davis. Mrs. Walter E. Deaji, Mrs.
Georee W. • Gibba, - Mrs. Henry Glass, Mrs.
James Monroe. Goewey, Mrs. William P. Har
rington, ¦¦- Mrs. ' Phebe A. Hearst. Mrs. Horace
Hill, Mrs. William Irwln, Mrs. Louis Kempff,
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. J. V. D. » Middle ton.
Mrs." Bowman V H. ' McCalla. • Mrs." John F.' Mer-'
rill. Mrs. Merrill Miller. Mrs. W. F. Nichols.
Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall, Mrs. George Ohlton,
Mrs. John -Evelyn Pagre. Mrs. William P. . Red
dlngton, Mrs. -Whitelaw - Reid, Mrs. Augustus
F. Rogers, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Mrs. Henry
T. Scott. Mrs. Gedrge M.\ Stoney, Mrs. Van
derlynn Stowe. Mrs. Frank J. Symmes, Mrs.
William TevlB, Mrs. William Thornton, Mrs.
Joseph Trllley. Mrs. Charles Stetson Wheeler.
Aside from the one hundred young la
dies who are. bothering their heads in the
development of - a real surprise there are
about fifty. patronesses. They are:
Many Are in Charge.
For -the occasion Native Sons' audi
torium and . banauet hall have been se
cured. A programme which will prove a
feast to music lovers is being prepared.
The best musical talent in the city Is
being secured. The Pensacola and Pre
sidio bands will discourse music and forty
blue jackets will sing. All society is man
ifesting the greatest interest in the event
and already over half of the boxes have
been disposed of. - No stone is being left
unturned to make the fiesta an unprece
dented success.
Young society women are painting beau
tiful posters with which to advertise the
entertainment These posters are done In
water colors and represent various scenes
in the life of the gallant mariner, and also
naval views. One oi the most artistic and
novel of these posters was prepared by
Miss Keeler of Berkeley and represents a
battleship majestically steering ¦•_ her
course through the ' white-capped waves.
Mrs. McCalla ; Intends to preserve thtse
paintings and use them to decorate the
walls of the clubhouse. - .
Place Has Been Secured.
But it Is not the wlah of Mrs. McCalla
and her husband that the clubhouse
should be constructed entirely by contri
butions from a few wealthy people. They
desire that this great and necessary home
for the country's gallant tars shall be
built by the general public and that all
the people shall have an opportunity to
contribute toward Its erection. Hence
the. entertainment on the 3d of April.
Society's belles and matrons are busily
planning attractions for the big enter
tainment which Is to be given on the first
Thursday night after the close of. Lent.
This entertainment, or rather musical
fiesta, Is to be given for the benefit of
the fund' which la being raised for the
construction of a clubhouse at Vallejo
for. the United States bluejackets. One
hundred ' young ladies of society are as
sisting in the arrangements, and they
have promised : a surprise, but they will
not take the public into their confidence.
The idea of constructing a home for the
mariner was first suggested by Captain
B..H. McCalla. who haa given over $5000,
the prize money which he won during the
Spanish war, for the purchase of a site
at Vallejo. He and his wife are doing
all in their power to Interest others in
the project. Colonel R.. M. Thompson of
New York City and Henry Phlpps, both
of whom are stanch friends of the sailors,
have . each subscribed . $1000. Miss Helen
Gould, Mrs. Phebe , A. Hearst, C. R-
Bishop of Honolulu and Mrs. George W.
Gibbs have . all promised subscriptions.
Plan Fete in Furtherance
. Captain
Project.
Alameda County Loses Suit
Against a Former
Coroner.
Will Raise Money to
Construct Club
house.
Law Affecting Contracts
Is Held to Be
Invalid.
SUPREME COURT
ENDS DISPUTE
SOCIETY TO AID
FIGHTING TARS
Enisvale Circle, Women of
Woodcraft, an Attractive,,
Feature of the Procession
', San Jose Residents View Pa
rade Enlivened by Maneu
vers *of ; Various Drill Teams
WOODMEN ENGAGE IN A GREAT
LOG=ROLLING IN GARDEN CITY
Three Hundred' and Sixteen
Candidates Are Admitted to
Fellowship \n\ : the Order
Five Thousand. Persons At-!
tend an Entertainment in
the Big -Carnival Pavilion
24
THE SM FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY' MARCH 23^ 1902/
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATORIWW&
(Steps all loEi>es in 24 hours. Five ft3iaf"Zft*
hundred reward for any case we ES&l &ttt
' cannot cure. - This secret remedy H I
cures EmlptlGru'. Impotency, (PSSE Ff*
Varlcoceie. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Rr<n *>Sv
Strictures, Drain*. Lost Man- ilUil iLi
hood and all otner wasting el- jjEjfci &J*
lecls of relf-abuse' or excesses. BSSaduSt
Eent sealed. $2 bottle; S bottlea, $5; guaranteed
to cure any cate. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 Vi
Market st.. 6. F. Send for free book.
BS B #* B^ >Cfe ; tf"fc Are in: many respects like otBier ulcers ' or
%•* L Csf £¦ mm- "&& sores, and this resemblance often proves fatal.
Valuable time is lost in fruitless efforts to heal
the sore with washes and salves,' because the germs of Cancer that are multi-
plying in the blood and the new Cancer cells which are constantly develop-
ing keep up the irritation. and discharge, and at last sharp shooting ¦ pains
announce the approach of the eating and sloughing stage,' and a hideous,
sickening cancerous sore begins its
destructive work. la February, 1899; I noticed a small
out some predisposing internal cause ; out into an open gore." . I began.to take \
that has poisoned the blood, and the S. S. S. and after I had taken seven bot-
open discharging ulcer, or the fester- tleB the Place healed , entirely,? and no
in©-' snwVwi fh*» lin r»riw»V r»f rvrTiAr si^ nB of the . disease ;: have been seen
mg sore on tne lip, cneeic or otner slace> . w. p. Brown, Hollands, s. 0.
part of the body will continue to _
spread and: eat deeper into the flesh unless the blood is purified and. the
Cancer germs or morbid' matter eliminated from the circulation. .>
S.S.S. cleanses the bloodof all decaying 'effete matter. It has great
antidotal and purifying, properties that soon destroy the germs and poisons
and restore the blood to '_. its natural condition: .And when pure", blood ¦ is '
f—+*l >¦— < .carried to ' the ulcer or sore the healing process
nf^* vC^ 0^^ Regius, . the discharge ceases " and the place . heals:
1^*"^ J>%\ |j^JX' °ver and new skin forms. S. S.S. is a strictly Vege-
P^^J table bio b'd purifier containing no mercury] or
J ""^. minerals of any description. ' : j ;.'.'
If you have an ulcer or chronic sore of any kind; write us about it, medi-
cal advice will cost you nothing. Books on Canceriand' other ."diseaseVof
the blood will be sent free. THE'SWIFT SPECIFIC C0. f Atlanta, Gau
Slate the leading symptoms of your com-
plaint, and ask Professor Adkin to help you
without cost, and you will undoubtedly be able
to get cured, as eo many others have been.
Vitaopathy is unquestionably the most wonder-
ful science of the age, and Professor Adkln the
greatest miracle healer in the world.
Every reader of this paper who Is sick with
any disease is advised to write to this miracle
healer, addressing his or her letter to Professor
Thos. F. Adkin, President of the Institute of
Physicians and Surgeons. Office 282L, Roches-
ter, N. Y.
"I feel it a debt I owe to suffering humanity
to make known what has been done for me. I
had suffered for o\ - er forty years from catarrh
of the throat, etomach and bowels.. I coughed
day and night. I was in continuous pain. I
had tried so many kinds of treatment without
benefit that I had given up all hope. By chance
I learned of a woman whom you had cured after
the doctors had given her up to die, 'and I wrote
for your free help. That was one month ago.
To-day I am a well woman. I cannot under-
stand it. My friends are amazed. My family
physician Is puzzled. I wish I could go out and
proclaim the virtues of your marvelous treat-
ment from the housetops. You may use this
letter as you please. I know my recommenda-
tion can enly result in good."
RMRS. A. W. MOORE,
Box 636, Fitzgerald, Ga.
"I cannot express my gratitude for what you
nave done for my wife. She was on her death-
bed; she was paralyzed and had a clot of blood
on her brain. Physicians said there was no
hope that she could recover, but you have saved
her life. Ehe improved from the very first day
she commenced your treatment. The clot of
blood has disappeared, she sleeps well and has
a splendid appetite. Refer any sufferers who
doubt your marvelous power to me or let them
come to my home, and witness the wonderful
cure you have performed In my wife's case. My
neighbors all know the condition my wife was
In when she commenced your treatment, and
they were hourly expecting her death. I hope
•aid pray that I may be at your command to
tielp those who suffer, and get them to write
you for free help."
W. S. SWATNE, Ph. G., ;
Prop'r Spring Clear Llthla Water,
WMB New Haven, <^onn.
"I want no one to send me any money, / 1
am willing to give this service to all who will
put themselves in my hands, without a penny
of charge, feeling that having been blessed with
the ability to cure disease when others fail, it
is my duty to help, those who cannot help them-
selves."
Professor Adkin showed the reporter scores of
letters from Doctors, Clergymen, Statesmen.
Educators, College Professors, Lawyers and
others high in life who have been cured by
Vitaopathy, as well as letters from many men
and women from all walks of life who availed
themselves of his free offer of help, and the
reporter left with a strange feeling of encour-
agement, believing that he had met the most
wonderful man of the aee.
The following axe a few extracts from letters
which the reporter examined personally:
He ea.id: "I cannot attempt to tell you what
my treatment is which I call 'Vitaopathy." In
these days of quackerr and fakes every ad-
vance in science it imitated by a score of igno-
rant charlatans who pretend to have mastered
its details. V.'ere I to attempt to explain to
you for publication the practice of Vltaopathy,
¦without discussing its every phase, which I
have not time to do, there would be a dozen
unscrupulous persons pretending to understand
its use before the publication has been out a
week. Vitaopathy Is not Christian science, it is
not Hypnotism nor Divine Healing. It is infin-
itely more thorough and far-reaching than any
of them.
"Vitaopathy is a subtle force of nature, reg-
ulating the intellectual and spiritual being
which controls the physical man. It puts the
system in a receptive condition, which enables
the body to receive the full benefit of my Vita-
opathic vegetable remedies which are used in
combination with it.
"It is true that this new treatment is every
day making wonderful cures. It "has cured the
blind, it has made the lame walk, it has cured
various ure&nic troubles, which had brought the
sufferers to death's door. And here let me ask
you to announce to all the readers of your pa-
per that I stand ready at any time to give the
benefit of my experience to any one who ie in
need of help. I will gladly make a complete
diagnosis of the case of any one who is in poor
health, and I will prescribe a thorough course
of home treatment free of cost, which I posi-
tively guarantee to cure. Especially do I make
this offer to those who are afflicted with dan-
serous disease, and have been treated by other
methods without avail. If there are an/ who
are in the grip of Consumption, Blood Poison,
Bright" s Disease, Chronic Kidney Disorder,
Nervous Debility, Dropsy, Rheumatism, Heart
Disease: if any of your readers are suffering
from constant Headache, Dyspepsia, Sleepless-
ness, Female Troubles, Lost Vitality. Vertigo,
or other similar ills* I Invite them to write
me fully of their condition, and I will give them
personal attention and help them to a complete
recovery of health.
A reporter called upon Professor Adkin a few
¦weeks ago. He found a man of commarnlins
figure, whose personality was masterful and re-
freshing. His eyes, though full of kindliness,
seemed to penetrate one's very thoughts, while
his every act and every word spoke of honesty
and' consideration of others. He is clearly a
man of. wonderful force of character. ...
2TEW ADVEKTTSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wonderful cures effected by Professor Thos. F.
Adkln, a distinguished scientist who Is devot-
ing his life to the relief of suffering humanity.
Peorle In the last stages of consumption: men
nnd women living in constant dread of death
from Bright' s Disease. Blood Poisoning. Cancer.
Dropsy. Heart Disease and other dangerous ail-
ments have been restored to health by the
treatment of this v.onderful man. after every
known remedy and scores of eminent specialists
had been tried in vain.
Not In the history of Medical Science have so
nuir.> startling cures been recorded. So mar-
velous has been his success in healing- all kinds
of disease that his patients call him a Miracle
Healer, a man of Supernatural Powers, a Phy-
sician with the key to the Fountain of Youth;
yet Professor Adkin declares there is nothing
wonderful about his ability to cure dlsmse, and
cays that he cures simply because he "under-
stands nature."
Own Homes.
The Medical World ha* been startled by the
Professor Adkin Offers to Help
the Sick and Afflicted Free of
Cost—Hundreds Cured at Their
THE SICK HELPED FREE
Startling Disclosures Rela-
tive to the Most .Wonder-
ful Power Known to Man-
Doctors Puzzled.
RESTORES HEALTH ANO STRENGTH
TO CHRONIC SUFFERERS BY
A MIGHTY SUBTLE FORCE
OF NATURE,
A MIRACLE=IiEALER
----¦¦. - ' ' '- '
6E0P.IDE&CO. fej^ / '
The above picture serves to Ulustratt
our Patent Non-Bulging Full Dre»»
Shirt. Ask your furnisher for them.
Collars in various heights as Indicate^
in above cut suitable to be worn witl»
our Patent Non-Bulginjr Full Dre»^
Shirt. Ask your furnisher for them.
h %^^/^^^3 it *. ***** / \ V Xyifi fryfjiM'l 9
H p5yjalacWf'CTffl^^n"*"T"^^ I
English Welt
I Wing • Collars, latest style.; in two
heights. See above cut. Agk your
furnisher for them! frs^-IS^^
GEORIDEpfc Makers,
¦ SASI I FRAWCISCO BRANCH,
516-518 MARKET STREET,^
SAX FRANCISCO.
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Penonally conducted excursions Yl» tst»
route to Chicaco, New York, Boaton tod all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and nut
Information address
(BBS !*• M. FL.ET CHER.
Paclfla Coast Axsnt.
128 California, at.. San FYanclaco. CaL
TO THE PUBLIQ
-idgfUa- ' ha.v be«n wonder-
jfe^gjCglk fully cured of fits and of
$£$***££ blp trouble by the fa-
«?i^»' w mous herb doctor. Wong
"feajc; # Him. of 115-117 Mason
m/f V # * st., 8. F. 1 was nearly
%/«(& / dead when I cam* to
jffliCi* / him and the fits I had
Jb5x&*~rA^__ were dreadjul, but I amy
JS&r*^ R^k. enjoying perfect health '
ff^KutAiXA E0W - l can teU aQ 7 on «
of the wonderful cures
1 he i has made for me.
I came from Meridian. Sutter County, Cal., to
Dr. Wong Him and h« has cured tne of all my
ailments. . MRS. CHAS. E. DOTT.
Meridian. Sutter County. CaL
January 21, 1902.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. «. 1900.— To whom
It may concern : This is to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason at.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured ma of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
In every sense of the word, and an honorable
man in all his dealings. DR. C. A. OAT
Dentist, 002 Second ave.. Seattle, 'Wash. *
December 18. 1900.— This Is to certify that I
was Buffering for fifteen years from Brtrht'a
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
¦lde. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording: me any relief That
tix months ago I applied to Dr. Won* Him of
115-117 Mason st. San FrandscoTand now
after sbc months of his treatment 1 am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
sufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
call upon me at my residence.
_ MRS. JOHN ALLANSON.
Orchard are.. Klmhurst, Alameda County. CaJ.
fENNVTdYArPILLS
f"' • •• E^o.S)AiTK. *lw»T§ relUbl*. JLaalM.uk Drurrir • .*S
jSA. Jbr CHlCHlSSTrffs^'GlJ^r
Kg*'" ' KEB .ad ttold bvuUHi box«. «•»;"
" bS! 5f tt b '"* rtb **2- T«fc« io othar. Refit**
? *£) »«i(r«Mro»» «»b«tlt«ao ft . and lmiti*
M tm Mall. J O.Oim T«»Uii»ni»i-_ 9«m i»
*» * B1 * ** Is • non-polsonona 1
jjr^sS&Blm^a^A remedy for Gonorrhoea.
VE*^8rr!1HFS^©3 wCTJ 1 Spermatorrhoea, m
Mtl&iy Uuliti Whites, aan»tural di»»
#§^V la 1 to 5 d»y». Xi charges, or nay taflammi-
Ki3»w OaarmntMil la ~ tlon. Ixritatiun or ulcera-
1^ -fl Tnmt Mau<i»a. *' on of miicoai m« ju-
"or^ni In'ptam 1 wSSr,
V. S. X. j*t*4 by espren^, prepaid, for
tfl^^^-jrtV^I 111 .00, or 3 bottle, |iT5.
5 <fc^^*giS^O> o al Circular sent en requwt.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAA11ANA BITTERS. THiC
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health an4
{ itrangth to sexual organs. Depot.. 32a Market.
I SUMMER^ -RESj)RT^__
BAY STATE HOUSE.
SANTA CRUZ. CAL.— MARCH 1 MRS. LY-
DIA MATH1SON will open the Bay Stata
House and Cottages (or. the season, newly fur-
nished anil refitted. Those who know the lady'.*
wide reputation ror good cooking will readily
understand that the table will be the chief
feature of the menage of the Bay State. Th«.
house is beautifully situated on Beach Hill. ,^
closo to tho bathing beach. An attractiv* horn* l1
for either the summer or winter at modem*
rates. Open the year round. For terms ad-
dress: MRS. LYDIA MATHISON Bay Stat*
Houa« and Cottaxea. Santa Crux, bssv
s
E .... »
law™
Mattresses,
¦^mm!/A/ (Mptf We- do not make '(or sell) |
nwWw/!^\// l V Ai P* "shoddy" wool mattresses. f\
MlWll ''\>// " / > V^SO fei They arc made of refuse and if
¦W\ fllft SaV ''¦ "A Y^U \\J> \ oW ru S 5 ground to shreds and H
¦Wn Jll^V /\A \ ' arc extremc ly unsanitary. ' - h
Ifcl 7 /v \ V V '\\ "•' your house was unsanitary B
. jilsf ' *—- t a?' (//A, X \ tthu y° u 'd movc - Askyour doctor to |
wMI /^'//K^ 1 «£^* look at the mattress you sleep on. y
¦'ill /""*-'/¦"/- S - I • >- - Here are the mattresses we DO H
i I iw l~ "—I /--* tilAw /• ' se " — se ll them on themonev-back' ft
(LI //• - -I .</rSz- f//y) .U I plan^—sell them on thirty nights' g
* \ K^Y \, . r\ : — '¦¦[-. X — — The materials are CLEAN H
' \<A -?V V V\ \ I' WHENWE GET THEM, but H
-\ . a -, I \ \l^*v«v X to make assurance t doubly A
¦¦; V ¦"¦¦ \ '-X : V^?-— * v sure WE CLEANSE THEM IJ
V '. ¦¦-¦•¦¦ ( AGAIN before makinjr them gl
Our Prices Arc Sight. 1
WHITE CURLED HAIR— Long MOSS XXXX-^Just the O 7 n n 5
'and select, Jhe very «••<") tn best New Orleans Moss • O/iUU H
best you can get. Oil, OKI _ TT . _¦ AOB T ¦ ' it
' - SILK FLOSS or "KAPOCK"— Put H
GRAY CURLED HAIR-Like the it in the sun and see it Cin 1C I
white, differs only In 9|Q fifl puff up................... dIUi/u H
color .....'. ' OIUiUU cj
........... STERLING • MATTRESS— 2d lh« M
G&W. CURLED HAIR. QIC fin XXXX Mosa. 30 lbs. %Thl^ cotton' I
.'—Will last a lifetime.. QlOiUU San. Ramon ticking.... COVnfi H
ARMOUR CURLED HAIR— Short- -••.........-... vOiUU t
er, but It can^be made ;P|O nn ROYAL-Gives more rest in l«w B
oyer ; again and again.. OUiUU time than most, mat- CJC O^ g
RESILIENT CURLED . HAIR— tress e^ . ; ..y ••••••¦. $0i00 M
"Forty pounds to-each*: PO nfl SANITARY— Just what OJI nn P
mattress ................. OOiUU the name implies..™... $4iU0 H
:o; '..,'., .,'.'.! — -— — — .'.',''''"' ' o B
Sterling Furnitures
f+ ' HI 1
' " ¦ ¦ ' - ' fc~ ¦ ¦ ' w ¦ • El
W39 MARKET STREET, IThe Alaskan Is one of the biggest
freighters in the. world and far and away
the largest craft of her kind ever seen in
this port. She will carry 14,c4S tons of
freight and 2700 tons of coal In her bunk
ers. She is 510 feet long. 56 feet beam and
has 43 feet depth of hold. . S!je cost about
$650,000 and will make about eleven kno*s.
Captain Banfield. the commodore captain
of the line. Is to be her first commander.
Herysmokestack weighs twenty-three tons
and her rudder weighs eight tons. She
has" seven hatches and twenty-three
booms for .working cargo. One of these
booms will handle fifty tons as- easily as
fifty pounds. Three gangs of men can
•work slmultaneoiTPly at one ha'cTt.
The Alaskan will be ready for her trial
trip by the end of the month, and soon
after that will go into commission. Sho
THE American-Hawaiian Steamship
Company's giant freighter Alas
kan was placed high and dry on
the Hunters Point drydock yes
terday. The dock as ordinarily
used wouldbe too smallfor a vessel of
the Alaskan's dimensions. To get her b'.g
hulk Into the huge basin it was necessary
to raise the resting blocks to a height of
eight feet, and thus take advantage cf the
upper part of, the slope at ihe inner end
of the dock. The vessel's rudder was re
moved. When docked the bsw was just
two Inches from the inside siii. and there
was only three inches to spare at the
other end. Experts dec are the docking
to be one of the cleverest bits of en
gineering ever performed in this port.
The work of docking the leviathan was
handled by G-eneraf Superintendent John
Beaton and Dockxnaster John Heubacher,
both of whom were very proud of the
successful result of their careful calcula
tions. • ?
AMERICAN - HAWAIIAN STEAM
SHIP COMPANY. 1 S NEW GIANT
FREIGHTER.
• ¦ ii ¦¦ ' * m ¦¦¦¦ ¦— ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ '
Leviathan Freighter Tests to the Limit the Big Basin at Hun
ters Point, but by Skillful Manipulation She Is Safely Cradled
on Blocks Eight Feet High With- but Five Inches to Spare
ALASKAN FILLS THE DRYDOCK
ALMOST FROM SILL TO SILL
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SAILED.
;. Saturday, March 22.
Stmr Luella. Olsen, Caspar.
; Saturday, March 22.
Ship Llewellyn 3 Morse, hence morning, on
account of strong NW winds.
RETURNED.
Saturday, March 22.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townstnd: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doraxr. Astoria; Oregon
Railroad A: Nav Co.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all. Perkins & Co. ... . •-..
Etmr San Matoo. Ross, ' Nanalmo; Pacific
Impt Co. ¦ ¦ ' • • \
Whaling stmr Thrasher. Comiskey. whaling
cruise; Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Ger stmr Hermonthls, Knudsen. Hamburg,
via Seattle; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Ship Geo Curtis. Calhoun. Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
¦ Fr bark Marthe Roux," Garnier, Queenstown;
Eppln~er fc Co. . '
Fr bark Vllle de Dijon, 'Bony, Queenstown;
G W McNear. - .
Schr Glendale, Gronvold. Tahiti and Mar
quesas, via Tacoma: Williams, Dlmond & Co.
CLEARED.
Saturday, March 22.
Stmr Emcirc. Macgenn. 51 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 13 hours from
Port Brajrc.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen,. 68 hours from San
Diego. . ¦ '.*.
1 Nor stmr Titanlau Egenes, 89 hours from
Nanalmo. .
Tug Astoria, Olsen, 64 hours from WHlapa
Harbor. - - -
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
day for Talohae, Marquesas Islands, with an
assorted merchandise cargo valued at $3603,
including the following:
1080 gals wine. 8380 lbs bread. 96 cs canned
goods', 4 colls rope, 16 pkgs dry goods. 10 bbls
lime, 1035 lbs peas and beans, 2 bales bags,
150 cs coal oil. 2 cs drugs, 40 pkgs mlllwork,
JO cs 10 half -bbls salmon. 60 lbs hops. 2».rtlO
ft lumber, 300 bdls shakes. 600 bdls- shingles.
167 bdls pickets, 25 reels barbed ' wire, 3 bdls
paper. 19 pkgs hardware, 4 pkgs paints and
oils, 30 bales salt.
FROM SEATTLE.
Bun rises ../........¦......".... 6:00
Sun sets .'...' 6:24
.Moon rises' (full) 0:00 p. m.
A Cargo for Marquesas Islands.
The schooner 'Glendale.tfas cleared yea(er-
The French bark Ville dc Dijon was cleared
yesterday for Queenrtown for orders, with
.V5.683 ctls wfceat, valued at $62,000. and 25.000
It lumber as dunnage; valued at $3G0. . . ,
- The French bark Marthe Roux. which was
also cleared yesterday for Queenstown for or
ders, carried 55,368 ctls wheat, valued at $62,
290. and 20.000 ft lumber ae dunnage, vulued
at $300. i "'A
Wheat Clearances.
Kerchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Cmatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a general merchandise cargo,
destined for - the principal British Columbian
ports. The cargo as manifested up to 1 p. m.
yesterday was valued at $12,019 and Included
the following merchandise and produce.
r.4.O40 lbs malt. 41.260 lbs salt, 11,725 lbs
dried fruit. 1554 lbs butter, 1299 lbs 1 cs
cheese. 2430 lbe meals. 137 lbs coffee, 1240 lbs
chocolate. 382 pkgs fresh fruits and vegetables,
24 pkgs groceries and provisions, 44 cs canned
goods. 112 lbs nuts, 10 bdla twine, 296 pkgs
machinery, 8 cs hats, 12 rolls - paper. 60 pkgs
paste, 6U3 gals wine, 35 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 10 pkgs steel and Iron, 10 pkgs hardware,
24 pkgs paints and oils, 5 cs soap. In addition
u> the foregoing th« steamer carried 4 bales
ieathcr 'en route to Sydney, Australia, valued
tot JC23.
The toothache may . be classed aj a
necessary evil when you haven't got It.
The British ship Agnes «>wald loads wheat
at Portland for Europe at 76s 3d, and the
Ktench bark General Foy, wheat and birley
at this port for Euroj>e at 22s 6d»
The British bark Socotra will load lumber
and merchandise here for Melbourne Hump
sum). The schooner Bertie Minor loads red
wood at Eureka for Hilo. .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
NOTE — In the above exposition ef the tide*
the early morning tides are given in tbe left
hand ¦ column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes .the height, and then the number
given la subtracted from the depth given br
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mesa
of the lower low waters. «
The American ship Roanoke lost an anchor
yesterday morning while shifting from the sea
wall to the stream. I
J. Dcnmelia, a longshoreman, was struck
yesterday by a chain sling at Oakland Long
Wharf. At the Harbor Hospital lt was found
that he had sustained a severe concussion of
the brain.
The towboat Aetoria. belonging to the Simp
son Lumber Company, arrived here from the
north yesterday to undergo an overhauling.
Billy Beans, a well-known water-front char
acter, has been missing since March 1 and ia
supposed to have been shanghaied*
W. A. Boole & Son have laid the keel. for a
new barkentloe for Hind. Rolph & Co.- The
new vessel will be a sister ship to the Koko
Head, recently completed.
The fteam whaler Thrasher started yester
day on her annual whaling cruise.
Water Front Notes.
Denbighshire in Trouble.
The British tramp steamship Denblgshlre.
from Tacoma, for London. Is reported at Cape
Verde with her shaft tunnel damaged. It was
estimated that repairs could be effected In three
«¦*¦•¦ . •" : .?'^' :; :-;v^
afternoon on account of strong northwesterly
winds. Labasha Bay Is the destination of the
Morse. \ '
The whip L. J. Morse, towed to sea yester
day by the tug Alert, returned late in the
Too Much North Wind.
Sun, Moon and Tides.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
| Times: and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
• thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city , front (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. MARCH 23.
For ten days Is succession during his last
trip to Tahiti Captain Lawless of the steamship
Australia, worked out his position by the aid
of Mercury, the most rarely seen of all the
planets. To «ee Mercury at all Is the event of
a lifetime, but to use the planet In the dally
navigation problem falls within the experience
at few mariners. This is the flr«t time Cap
tain Lawless ever saw the planet and he says
he has been looking for It all his life. It was
visible very distinctly between the hours of 4
and 8:20 a. m. during the last ten days of the
Mercury Guides Australia.
Inflammable nature of her cargo ehe has been
long considered a bad risk. The cable an
nouncing the reduction In premiums, was sent
to M. A. Newell & Co. of this city and con
tained, in addition to an expression of belief
In the vessel' s safety, a query' as to what the
local firm thought of her chances. From the
Information at their disposal here Newell &
Co. »e« no reason for the reduction of premium
and can only surmise that the London end Is
aitfng on private Information.
don announcing; this cut down contained the
following: 'Thought here that Clisson will ar
riva." Th« Clisson left Cardiff over nine months
ago with a cargo of coal. She put Into Cay
enne on account of mutiny among the crew.
Since leaving that port on September 9 nothing
has been heard of her and on account of the
Reinsurance on the overdue French bark
Oliver de Clisson dropped yesterday from 55
per cent to 25 per cent. The cable from Lon-
A Beinsurance Mystery.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March :^ 22 —
Stmr Nippon Maru, : from San Francisco. , via
Honolulu, for Hongkong.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to March 22 —
Stmr YenKtse.; from Liverpool; etc. for Seattle.
MADEIRA — Arrived March 22— Stmr Prin
icssln Victoria Luise, from -New, York; for
Genoa," Odessa, etc.
BREMERHAVEN— Sailed-. March 22— Stmr
Brandenburg, - for New York. '
. HALIFAX — Arrived March . 22 — Stmr Paris
ian, from Liverpool, for St John. . -
BOSTON — Arrived March 22 — Stmr Norwe
gian, from Glasjrow.
i NEW YORK — Arrived March 22 — Stmr A«-
' syrla. from. Hamburg: stmr Algeria, from Na
ples. ! -.''¦'- '' ¦ - ' * ¦
. Sailed March 22— Stmr Laurentian. for Glas
gow; stmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam, via Bou
logne: stmr. Hohenzollern, for Genoa and Na
ples: stmr: Minneapolis, for I^tndon.
-¦ - NAPLES— Arrived • March 20 — Stmr Augusts
Victoria.^ 1 f rom Constantinople, for New York.
March 21 — Stmr California, from New York. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 22— Stmr Syl
vania. from : Boston:* stmr Lucanla. from New
York. ' ; ' : -" '•¦-.'• '¦"¦¦ *¦•¦•¦'¦¦. •:¦". ¦ ' ' ¦ . " ¦ " : ¦ •¦
'• Sailed !March,'22 — Stmr Umbrla. for .New
York. - ¦-¦- ¦ ' '" ¦: .'- ¦ • ¦ ' - ¦¦ . '• ' —
ANTWERP — Arrived March 22 — Stmr Vad-
Vrland, ' from . New York. • •
.-Sailed March 22 — Stmr South wark. for New
• "CHERBOURG— Sailed March 22— Stmr ; St
Paul, from Southampton. • for New York. .->¦..• .
HAVRE-^-Salled , March 22— Stmr La Savoie,
for New -York.--" f,^Sg^»ajfe«ffi5»r^«fe^1
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 22— Ger ship
Chrlstel, hence Dec 8; Fr bark Bourbakl, from
Oregon. . •.'.-..' I
ST VINCENT— Arrived March 22— Br stmr
Denbighshire, from Tacoma, disabled.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 10— Ship Shen
andoah. for San Francisco. »
Arrived March ; IS — Br ¦ stmr . Klntuck. from
Tacoma.
VANCOUVER — Arrived March 22— Br stmr
Athenian, from Hon;konr.
LIMERICK— In port March 6— Br ship Cam
brian Hills, for Cardiff.
CUXHAVFN — Passed March 10—^Ger. ship
Rlgel. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
SCILLY — Passed March | 21 — Ger shlu Chrls
tel, hence D3C H, . for- Queenstown. :
ADELAIDE— Sailed March 21— Ship St Da
vid, for Newcastle, Au*. _ -
NANAIMO— Sailed March 22— Dutch stmr
Folmlra, for San Francisco. •
VICTORIA, B C — Arrived prior to March 22
— Br stmr Duke of Fife, from Yokohama: Br
stmr. Athenian.' from Yokohama; .whallne stmr
Jeanette. hence March 12.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BALTIMORE — Arrived March 21 — Ship ; Wm
F Babccck, from New York.
EASTERN PORT.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed March 22— Stmr
Robert Dollar, for San Pedro; stmr Iaqua, for
Redondo. ¦ , \.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed March 22— Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived March 22 — Br
bark Grenada, from . PIsagua. /
Arrived March 22— Brisr Tanner, from Hono
lulu; schr Metha Nelson, from Mahukona.
Passed Inward March 22— Dutch ship Pax,
from Astoria. ¦ • ¦¦ . ¦
Passed outward March 22 — Ship Reuce. for
Sydney. ¦ ¦ ..
Passed outward March 22 — Schr Meteor, from
Port Blakeley, i for San Pedro.
SEMIAHMOO — Arrived March 22 — Schr Pre
mier, hence March 8.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 21 — Stmr Pro
greso, hence March 17: stmr Chico, from Ta
coma. • • ¦ ¦
PORTLAND— Arrived March 22— Stmr Lak
me. for San Francisco; Br ship Dovenby Hall,
from Antwerp; Ger ship Carl; from Yokohama.
Sailed March 22— Stmr George W Elder, for
San Francisco: ; Fr bark .Gen Faidherbe, for
Queenstown:. Ger bark Barmbek, for Queens-
ASTORIA— Arrived March 22— Stmr George
W Elder.- hence March 19.
EUREKA— Arrived March 22— Stmr News
boy, hfneo March ''10. .'¦'.*¦"•¦¦•'
Saile J March 22— Stmr Eureka, for San
Francisco. •
Sailed March 22— Stmr Al-Ki. ' for Alaska;
Br Ktmr Chlngr Wo. for Soudan, via Suez; stmr
City of Topeka. for Skagway.
TACOMA — Arrived March 22 — Stmr Czarina,
from Seattle: stmr Al-KI. from Seattle; atmr
City oi Tor>eka, from Alaska: Br barks Glen
mark'and Gwydyr Castle, from Port Townt
send; Dutch bark Pax. on drrdock.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 22— G«r stmr
Theodor Wllle. from Tslntau; schr Chas R
Wilson, hence March 13. ' •• '
Railed March 22— Br bark Bankleizh. for
Queenstcwn. .
NEAH BAY — Passed In March 22 — Stmr
Pleiades, hence March 19. for Seattle.
. REDONDO-rArrived March 22— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Asuncion. Evans, Tacotna.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino. -
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend. ~ •
" Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Eureka.- '
I Whaling etmr Thrasher. Comiskey, whaling
crulss. ¦ ¦ • . . • ¦
'i Ger stmr Hermonthls, Knudsen, Hamburg,
via Seattle. .
Ship Eclipse, Larsen, Ladysmlth.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Marshall. Labasha
Bay. - - '
Schr John G North, Seastrom, Puget Sound
and Alaska ' '
Br ship Scottish Hills, Blackmore, . Port
Townsend. ¦ •¦ , '¦ "
Bark Gatherer; Youngjrren. Ladysmlth.
Fr bark Amiral Troude, St Martin Tchlo,
New Caledonia.
Schr R W Bartlett, Nielsen. Port Townsend.
Schr Stanley, Schmals, TJnga.
Schr Volant. Halvorsen. — .
Schr Monterey. Crangle. . .
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorgensotn Grays Har
bor. • . ¦ ¦
Schr John A. Nillson, Portland.
Yawl Ella, Trask. San Diego. ; ,
POINT LOBOS. March 22. 10 p m — Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity. 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— '- Arrived March 22 — Stmr
Rival, hence March 18.
DOG FISH BAY— Sailed March 22— Schr A
M Baxter, for Sivn Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived March 21—
Bchr Newark, hence March 15.
Sailed March 22 — Stmr Gualala. for San
Francisco. . •
PORT LOS AXGELES — Arrived March 22 —
Stmr Alcazar, from San Francisco..
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived nrior to March
22 — Schr G C Lindauer, hence March 17.
Sailed March 22— Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco; stmr Santa Barbara, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed March 22 — Barce Santa
Paula, for San Francisco, In tow tut Rescue.;
Arrived March 22 — Schr Beulah, from Ump
qua; «chr Vega; Irom Eureka: stmr ' Alcazar,
from Pert Lo* Angeles; stmr^ Aberdeen, hence
March 20: stmr " Melville Dollar, from Grays
Harbor . ¦.
Sailed March 22 J -Stmr Coos Bay, for San
Francleco; schr. Azalea, for San Diego.
Th« Btern wheel .steamer Sea Gull was yes
terday towed to thin city by the gasoline launch
Crowley from Union City Creek, where she
haa been stuck in the mud for several days.
The Crowley, which left here last Wednesday,
»aa herself stuck In the mud for seven hours
on the way up. The homeward Journey was
also interrupted. Once the launch and her
tow were blocked for eight hours In a narrow
channel by a bay scow and a little lat«r bcth
the Crowley and Sea Gull "went Into a mtiC
back on their own account. The Crowley's
round trip occupied two days and three nights.
Food sufficient only for one day had b»en
taken from here on the launch and the larder
on the Sea Gull gave out under the extra strain.
All hands were suffering from hunger at the
end of the trip.
Stranded in TTnion City Creek.
outward trip. The first time the planet was
sighted all hands were turned out to enjoy, the
rare spectacle and before the voyage was over
Mercury was as well known aboard the Auatra-
II aaa it» big bright next-door neighbor, the
sun.
will go from here to Nanalmo to coal,
and will take from Puget Sound a cargo
for Honolulu, where she will load sugar
for Philadelphia. From Philadelphia she
•will ro to New York to load cargo for
San Francisco. She will coal at Coronel
and St. Lucien.
THE SATs FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, M AliCH 23, 1902.
25
Steamer. - From. | Dae.
a Nelson San Pedro I Mar. 23
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. |Mar. 23
Phoenix. ..... Mendoclno City j Mar. 23
Eureka Kumboldt | Mar. 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Porta|Mar. 13
City ot .Puebla yvizex. Ports iMar. '£1
San Pedro. . . - Grays Harbor IMar. 23
Sequoia San Pedro |Mar. 24
Edith Seattle | Mar. 24
Coos Bay.... Pan Pedro & Way Ports. ; Alar. 21
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma , Mar. 25
O. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Mar. 2.%
Santa Barbar. Grays Harbor Mar. 25
Folmina Nanalmo |Mar. 25
Alameda Honolulu IMar. 25
Del Norte Crescent City ¦....'. IMar. 25
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Mar. 26
Santa Monica Humholdt ....... •¦ Mar. 26
Pomona. ..... Humboldt ' Mar. 2*5
Chehalis. San Pedro ...;.¦... Mar. 28
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Mar. 20
Rival........ Wlllapa Harbor Mar. 26
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 28
Hyades .. Honolulu & Kahulul ... Mar. 27
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 27
« ti-. • -aa.. I Point Arena Mar. 27
Coronado Grays Harbor ; IMar. 27
Newburg Grays Harbor IMar. 28
(•criii* . ..... Newport & Way Ports. .Mar. 2S
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports ....IMar. 2S
Progreso. : . . . Seattle .'Mar. 23
Gaelic....... China & Japan IMar. u
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 29
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 29
,scnh rur».. Humboldt Mar. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports .. Mar. 31
Colombia. . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports Mar. 31
I Dae.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Cty of Seattle Skayuay A Way Ports. Mar. 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. Mar. 25
Dirlgo....... Skagway & Way Port*, Mar. 23
Dolphin Skagway & Way Porta. Mar. 30
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 31
Steamer.
For.
5 Tlme| ITlmel ITlme |Tlme|
t> .Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. I 1 F:.
»¦ LW|. N IH W |L W IH W|
23 Hoi 1.3111:19 15.2 5:10 1.0 11:43 3.4
21 5:37 1.1112:06 C.I 5:46 1.3 ¦
H W II. W .'.. H'W • L. W
25 O:1R 6.41 «:lfl . 1.0112 :BS 4.9 6:22 1.7
26 0:49 5.21 «:SS 0.91 1:44 4.6 fi:5fi 2.1
27 I 1:20 5.1 7:41 O.SI 2:341 4.3 7:32 2.5
28 I 1:82 ,4.91 R:28 0.81 3:2S! 4.0 8:12 2.8
29 | 2:22 4.7| 9tl9| 0.9| 4:29| S.9| 9:01 3.0
5 Tlme| ITlmel ITlme |Tlme|
t> .Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. I 1 F:.
»¦ LW|. N IH W |L W IH W|
23 Hoi 1.3111:19 15.2 5:10 1.0 11:43 3.4
21 5:37 1.1112:06 C.I 5:46 1.3 ¦
H W II. W .'.. H'W • L. W
25 O:1R 6.41 «:lfl . 1.0112 :BS 4.9 6:22 1.7
26 0:49 5.21 «:SS 0.91 1:44 4.6 fi:5fi 2.1
27 I 1:20 5.1 7:41 O.SI 2:341 4.3 7:32 2.5
28 I 1:82 ,4.91 R:28 0.81 3:2S! 4.0 8:12 2.8
29 | 2:22 4.7| 9tl9| 0.9| 4:29| S.9| 9:01 3.0
Steamer. For. Sails.
Cty of Seattle Skayuay A Way Ports. Mar. 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. Mar. 25
Dirlgo....... Skagway & Way Port*, Mar. 23
Dolphin Skagway & Way Porta. Mar. 30
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 31
Steamer.
For.
Steamer. - From. | Dae.
a Nelson San Pedro I Mar. 23
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. |Mar. 23
Phoenix. ..... Mendoclno City j Mar. 23
Eureka Kumboldt | Mar. 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Porta|Mar. 13
City ot .Puebla yvizex. Ports iMar. '£1
San Pedro. . . - Grays Harbor IMar. 23
Sequoia San Pedro |Mar. 24
Edith Seattle | Mar. 24
Coos Bay.... Pan Pedro & Way Ports. ; Alar. 21
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma , Mar. 25
O. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Mar. 2.%
Santa Barbar. Grays Harbor Mar. 25
Folmina Nanalmo |Mar. 25
Alameda Honolulu IMar. 25
Del Norte Crescent City ¦....'. IMar. 25
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Mar. 26
Santa Monica Humholdt ....... •¦ Mar. 26
Pomona. ..... Humboldt ' Mar. 2*5
Chehalis. San Pedro ...;.¦... Mar. 28
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Mar. 20
Rival........ Wlllapa Harbor Mar. 26
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 28
Hyades .. Honolulu & Kahulul ... Mar. 27
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 27
« ti-. • -aa.. I Point Arena Mar. 27
Coronado Grays Harbor ; IMar. 27
Newburg Grays Harbor IMar. 28
(•criii* . ..... Newport & Way Ports. .Mar. 2S
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports ....IMar. 2S
Progreso. : . . . Seattle .'Mar. 23
Gaelic....... China & Japan IMar. u
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 29
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 29
,scnh rur».. Humboldt Mar. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports .. Mar. 31
Colombia. . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports Mar. 31
I Dae.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
HUSEUM OF AKATO»Yi
CS 1061 KA2EST SS. tot. 64*71*. S.F.Cal. 1
Cjf ' Th« Largest AcatomicU Museum in the X
World. Weaknesies or injr contracted a
V*3txn *»*« •••••««"-'7«-«r«Klbr the oldest X
IK5 *3 1 .Specialist on the Coist E S L 36 years. ©
iS\Zk DR# JO R DAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
M^tiMjhn Consultation free and strictly private. \
i JWtl fi " rr »? tnient pertonally or by letter. A Q
¦ 1 Jf,*J|S Potitiv* Curt in every case undertakes. , \
r u 11 A Write (nr Bcok - raiLonupn y «r A
• n ,11 ntnniAeB. r maiud free. ( a^
(i /I. valuable book for mrn) , - - ¦ \
DC JO UD AN A CO.. lOSt Market St.. 8. F. V
TO HELP YOU ,
To purchase a complete new, stylish, down-to-the-minute Union-mad»/
SPRING SUIT; Lady's or Gentleman's. "We will accept weekly payments/
or in other words, you pay while wearing. J
r± OUR MEN'S LADIES, the la- fc^/> /
ppf AND BOY S' test and * best MtfeS? /
Jg/^ . CLOTHING things in ready-to W*% I
/yT^/K speaks for itself, wear* Karraents. i/«L_ ;'
Ik T IL Il s. reputation is beautiful Cheviots, F$Q$R\jl
us&JP [a ' founded upon ex- Venetians. Home- \ \\^\ff
VjjS\ fy cellence* in tailor- s p u n s. eleerant l\\*3y/
py* if/ ing rarely found in styles in rich, \ nW I
/-'Ay ready-made doth- beautiful and ser- vtlf I
Tj | ing. The styles viceable materials. U (/ I
¦ 'I' are the latest .'and Dress Skirts, Jnv I
\ n ¦ the fabrics are such Walking , Skirts. /\ I /
/hill as the best custom Silk 'Waists. Mil- / / I
j 1.1 tailors use. , linery. . Call v and Y H, I
- \, jsl \ We have also a \ examine our goods /_^. -/Jy I
I^ Wi -SSSS^HltL? %&? ™ heth t er J vou b^ ~K7T \
Sy \4+£' everything necessary or not— your credit I
- ; for a complete outfit, is good with us. / W|, I
CF. ADAMS M M - Credit Clothiers, - f^l I
She is getting well and you can imagine
her delight Is unbounded. My own expe-
rience and that of others is sufficient evi-
dence of the scientific value of a food that
supplies nourishment to the system and
builds up the brain and nerve centers."
Name given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
'Now,' I said, 'if you will Just set about
it and try Grape-Nuts for a week, three
,tlme« a day, I will guarantee you will rise
up and call me blessed.' S&3BI
She took my advice and followed it
faithfully. WTien I saw her about a week
later she looked like a different person, al-
though Fhe had only gained two pounds in
weight, but said she felt so much better
and stronger and has greatly Improved in
health and strength since using the food.
Borne time ago I Bald to a lady friend
who wa* a great sufferer from dyspepsia
and has been ar> invalid for five years, and
who was a mere skeleton, 'If I had only
known you sooner you need not have suf-
fered all these years," She looked at me in
surprise and asked me what I would have
done. 'I should have" put you "on Grape-
Nuta Breakfast Food,' I replied quite con-
fidently. 'Did you ever hear of ltT Oh.
yes. she had heard of it, but never tried
it, as 6he had never had her attention
called to it especially and had not thought
It applied to her needs.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablet* are composed en •
tirely of harmless antiseptics and may be used
as freely as necessary, as they contain . no co-
caine, opiate or poisonous drug of any kind.
. Persons who suffer from catarrh of the head
and throat are very susceptible to La Gripp>
and such will find a pleasant, convenient ; and
safe remedy In this new catarrh cure.
The Rev. L. E. Palmer, Baptist . clergyman
of Ccrcsco. Mich., makes a statement of inter-
est to all catarrh and grip sufferers. He says:
"Stuart's Catarrh Tablets have certainly bee:i
a blessing to me. * I have used them freely
this fall and winter and have found them a
safeguard affatnet La Grippe and catarrhal
troubles from which I have suffered , for years
I feel that I . tan freely and conscientiously
recommend them." :
The first symptoms are these of acute ca-
tarrh resembline a hard cold and if prompt
treatment is applied at- this time it can easily
be broken up. One of the best remedies at this
stage is Stuart's Catarrh. Tablets, sold by
druggists everywhere, and if taken freely, say
one tablet every hour or, two for two or three
days, tbe danger of pneumonia and serious
complications wilt be averted.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
nble remedy are being mailed to all who
will "rite to v the State Medical Institute.
Thev cured so many. men who.had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suilerine of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to« distribute free trial
packages to all .who write.^ It is a home
treatment, - and all r men who suffer from
anv form of sexual weakness resulting
irom youthful folly, .premature loss of
strength and memory,- weak back, varlce-
celt or emaciation of. parts. can now cure
Vh The Se remedy J has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to tho desired , location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the. ills • and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases A request to the: State
Medical Institute, 328 Elektron . building.
•fcort-TVaynciInd.. stating. that you desire
one of their free trial packages, will be
complied with, promptly. , The Institute is
desirousTof .reaching; that great- class of
men who are unable to cleave; home '.to 'be
ttreated," and the free samples will enable
tnemito see how easy.it is to be cured of
fcexual weakness "when the; proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions." (Any man who writes will
be sent a .free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package,. so that itB recipient need
' have no - fear ., of :, embarrassment or . pub-
' Hefty.-'^Readers' are requested ; to;' write
without delay." x :-:...¦
to All Wiio Wpita.
A Free Trial Paekan Sent by Mall
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tins
Quickly Restores Lost Vig-or
. to Men. .
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A well known writer uses Grape- Nuts as
a tonic when feeling the effects of extra
heavy work. She writes, "Grape-Nuts
should be taken. regTilarly as one would a
tonic. . I eat mine cold in the morning,
with hot milk or cream poured over lt,
and it is delicious, nourishing and
store Ser.
Didn't Know That Food Could Be-
A BLIND WANDERER.
GB APE-NUTS.
The reason that every one does not have
the disease at the same time is because the
persons who are enjoying perfect health are
able to successfully resist and throw off the
infection, while those who for any reason are
not In the beat of health fall ready victims.
Mo one can eacaxte the . La Grippe perm be-
cause when an epidemic of the disease is pre-
vailing the air is laden with it.
Through the Atmosphere.
The Germs of La Grippe Are Conveyed
IN THE AIR.
JOE : F.OSENBERG'S.
: r8BBB^B#--^BSHw^ comcr means a new customer— and ill
I^^^S^^ WMS$&0/^' should - Wc sdl on!y 9 ° od Corsels ' but ol 1
i^^^&^^^k '^'^^^M^m/^^^ thesc a^ kinds, in all sizes and shapes. I
|^^^^^^»k#«^^M^^^7 The Corset you get here WILL fit, or we I
i^^^^^^M^^m^^^: MAKE it lit— alter \\ necessary— and the j
¦ ft«|HBK^^^^^^^fefcL^ULvJIJill ll^^M^^^M^'^if -Ilil^. ¦ The celebrated MAJESTY CORSET. We- have the famous LA GRECQUE |
ffiffflffif||BM|BJ|iq|pPnBiB^ mm^m^:^Sm'Mim^\ made of very best Italian cloth, boned CORSETS, with their full flare bust ?J
It VwaBi nt|ff^jSSJ|fffllSKlty^. i ¦* throughout with best tempered steel— and hips cut so as to show a slender £3
fin II H HmlftvrT^sMlll/ '¦'-."¦'¦ a corset that Is well made and guaran- figure to the best advantage; they h*
ra . r ¦ vfSifl W HH \ ttMffl^'/ ' : ¦ " ' tee(^ the maker— If you break a steel have no equal. They are made of best Ej
EJ *-* *^is. *s.r+\*+ V® ffl \M\ u\#W/ w ii-i -i • within 3 months we replace It with a Italian cloth, with linen lattice work H
H XflTirBXil\ viffli/fl r afur/ LaCCS and tmbrOldCrieS brand new corset. Lons, short or me- ribbons, which prevent corsets from 11
63 kJV/JKLI*3i»3 v^N,*** dlum i engths- For stout ngur e 3 it tits stretching out of shape, and are boned y
B - nn ... XS^wtlfcii 17 MADE AT SPECIAL PCICES FOR better than any made to order. Only throughout with aluminoid boning. M
Eg STANDS FOR ALL v^ra^^^^y ... . , .v. S— .V."> which is pliable and unbreakable and gl
Si THAT T^ rOftTi ANr» v^a^t 1?/ OUR EASTER OPENING- vrill not become set to the figure. The 13
H • 1I1A1 uuuuuwiu '.V|m f/ ' ; 'Th»' WTUirii'm-mr-Tuva ¦ a ' ~ ValllC^ like Th^^E M^lCC U^ bust is cut low and full, and the hips U
Vm nimin;R tm VSaffl '/ . The Ji<MBROIDERIIi.S are made on TulUbJ ijiisc 1u«jc iTXarvv vj „_„ _.j).,_ v. w _ tr _ )c ,v 1t f rr) r.f ef- H
M uvkwbll in V|jga»Y best lawn cambric and nainsook founda- n fect \;o EXAGGERATION to sav they |3
g nw *<L*Tr*c< W ttons, with open work button-hole edges/ DVSy. * are equal if not better than any French H
fil OVES V ' Inches wide onlv mP - e ° W9 l B Jso The new W. B. CORSET, which is so corset made-no duty paid on these; H
_ UbU f 1^ J, . incnes wide only 15c much . advertised in the - leading Jour- that is the reason of the low price.. .... B
f The SOROSIS GLOVE Is V»lonf>imno« T n/»o nals— it ia made of the best quality of •••.- 81.75 B
i' jlftt. ii _ made of best picked lamb- Valenciennes LaCc. XXX sateen, bias cut. hand gored. Sale at O'Farrell-street Entrance. H
: SrlJsi-TT^Tj skin, Paris point stitched Made of best thread in a new design; double side steels, rust pro*,.* front Agent for the Celebrated M
S! 'oack, two - clasp, pique looks like the genuine; equal In wear; steels, new sloping bust, top bound LA viDA CORSET. fl
t liHl In all.the newest *{r-inch wide piece of 12 yards only. .25c with satin ribbon; also hose supporter H
% Ill/I Easter shadfnga; equal to , ,„ •. ~" attachments, colors black and gray— ¦ M pw Vpik fnr Fa^frr M
M W «1.60 glove made for du- It WiHDiV Ynu Tft D«aH one of our Easter bargains $1.00 » ew fClli lOr L.aiicr. H
lour pr^.....^!^::.^. .^%T6U The^nW ALBA SHIELDS. \ *«*"* NE ' V ° C ° RSET - ASSORTMENTOF FRENCH 1
1 One oi 0^^^^on--'r^^SSS^S^yi^^ Why Spoil the Appearance o! g& novelty veiling m I
m une oi uur many rviDDon fc,-?/ ommendeiJ for ' ts hygier.ic a fiown hv Rpir.a Flat ? #£>£ TOWN. N
m , Offeriha^ KZJ? qualities, bein^ free from all « UO^n-Dy KeiDQ TlOl I '*sS»£»s£ ! » " Thev come In fancv B
1 Made of best quality silk, with fancy have your dainty waists spoiled by. per- IF YOU HAVE HO BUST HERE 15 ,*$gg£M\ SIS or ¦ w&ti Sd I
M cord finish, in all the newest combina- splratlon stains when you can buy * SUBSTITUTE. / R!$£rtSS?tfn fancv comouilonl
B tion of colors, washable. Now selling shields at this price.... 10c .*. A aUBiillUlC ¦ £2£^S«2&8 'Sm Veili £51
Ifor.. ........; 5C _ ".. , ' - _ . 4«b It is the MELBA BUST hkve heretofore ; sold i
I u . 4 T . H A - J D3inty, Yet InCXpCnSIVC fW FORM: and Is made of beat ZK •.- \JV for 50c. Our Easter 1
H At LaSt Thsy IiaVC Arrived. LADIES' PANCr wash collars- WW sateen or summer netting:, special .• 25el
H ¦.. * l r"i? XAr^i*,* \\AtoH. LULliARS — ) \ an< j j a made of one piece. H
m <^. LADIES' SILK WAISTS, Made of best quality fancy allover lawn, .Zj&\ which shows no ridge and Snrrif if£> S"^ t\\ T TTT>n Cnilnrs i
M <3?\ made, of very best quality Ira- . trimmed with insertions of herring-bone m%M \ makes it impossible to tell •JUtriUtC oalC Ui L.UICU vuiiar^. n
t& Vff " Perial Silk. An all silk mate- stitching and lace, cut In the new f£/:m \ where they begin or end. -<» ' Bought them from a gents' ¦
fi i=r ' rial that is soft and rich look- pointed-front effect,- edged- with colored Vv//) J They fasten on by means fm furnishin? goods store, who, ¦
B (Sfnf\ Ing and wears better than any lawn. New., dainty, and inexpensive.... \S*// of straps that come over the LJ finding they could not sell ?
M ifil/A\ other silk that is made. They .........;..:............ ....25c &32v*\ ' shoulders and under the --tf^^s, small sizes, sold us their en- H
H 'Qflifill-I are made with -cluster tucked ¦¦•„ • -. •¦• ¦-•.¦ ¦ ¦¦'¦ f^ \ arms. Light In weight and f* 6^*! tire lot of sizes 13 and 13^ far H
M T-(/ back, front tucked in yoke ef- OlierinS From UVT Shell Comb i 1 Inexpensive. Only ,"5Oc » ' below their actual cost.. .. il
¦ ".. • ' \\ feet to the bust and trimmed "*»"• *»*o * * **"• ""* "uvh wiuu . i i i They are made of be»t qual- D
H with insertion of black silk Tlm^WrmnT The Neiir Marie AnTnfnetfe ity pure Belfast 'Irish linen, H
Ii . herring-boning, fancy adjust- • ucporun HI.. - lilC new i WHC AlllOiUCUC double collar, in the newest shapes. M
¦ able collar, new tucked sleeve, colors 25c instead of 50c— SIDE COMBS, made ,. RnctTr bought to sell originally for ffic. Our B
a pink, blue, black and white, all sizes, of good Italian - Bhell, highly polished, Dwug price. :.^4cl
H perfect fit and well finished. Equal to smooth,' well-rounded teeth. Heavy • Is made of best hair and covered with _ ' " .„' . ". ¦
H any $8.50 waist. Our Easter off erjng^.^. edge, shell and amber. Only. ..:... .25c light canvas. It has no wire or objec- TVir StOllt Woman S H
»•••••••• • 85.95 ¦ . ; tionable matter to become disarranged. a *" w juk " uuwuj H
§ Mi g|pSJ With Thcse.^W,^ » ppg|^^^ A Fr P^ R HOSE SUPPORTER I
1 la^bs. wa^ 1 wLts M aae o( 'W^ ha,hp7 ns L.' o, High-Gfadc Goods at Low- fjfi T^^VAr^r^M
1 i,,«iitv i»wn wu Iw-'viS f, n n ' best Japanned wire. Four . firaflp Dwrc \/Jv lo °P fastener, which prevents H
H f,?^»<? »nrt y triZJlh ihJZi large-size packages assorted pins to . OTaae 1TICCS. Ym the hose from being torn; pad. Eg
1 insertions fanc^ Tdjustlble coTlar w1[h cablnet only •••••••.• Sc #&«&&** ¦ LADIES' HOSIERY. [i 7 that keeps a large abdomen in §
hz&^.^^^.^^^^ln^ of Hooks and Eyes. WTOl
| You wouldn't waste .time and money. The new PATENT. DIAMOND SNAP- ' ?J 1 verv^'as^c* weight In gold. Price oOc |
H making waists when you see these at FASTENERS, made of best metal, with in all the newest fancrcolorines^ar- SnTTIf»thTTI<5 New II
| thl8 P rlce • ;•• •l..O« good well-fittihg clasps. Large or small n^^t^^%X^k^it WCW. |
1 Fetr*! FirTrTi I size oc doz. these was 50c. Now selling for.. ..25c STRAIGHT-FRONT CORSET COVER. II
B 1-AiraX LJkira! flNFOFmn? MANVOFFFRINr^rMniTW ANOTHER LADIES' HOSE, made of .^ Tt ._ rnnrfp fl f h»«t oualitv S
llHOURUHDa-MUSUHDEPARTMEHT »™"' ? " ? ' SSS3kS5£ SIS S» S^H S'Sl 1
H «4ISSz LAD IE S 1 DRAWERS. LaOlCS AnillCCl UnaCrWCaT effect, double heels and toes, full length. f%f I 1 "?,. a k>nl front effect M
M -ZC^T%. made of best quality Lons- ¦' Ti -*¦**.* ~i—.1 ¦' extra elastic. Worth $4 a dozen. Joe /r^^-aa that ran.be Sinned to the K
I />J^ dale Cambric, tucked with J\ Department Rosenberg's way of selling 25c S^SfK corset trimmed w^th four in- H
B V— 1 fnch embroiderv° U Cut wid 6 e * S^i LADIES' VESTS, made of NccKwear for FaS r er Wear /lS\\ "e'Vo"" 0 ' lace edged around g
I and fun Weare'themSu ' ' \U' ' cood quality American Bilk.-'. .f! CCRWear 10F La:>xr "^r. ( ) ) neck and arm-size with lace. N
II We^ Kl ffi thK low neck, no sleeves, neck LADIES' SILK TIE-Made so as to go \f^J/ drawn through with baby H
¦ nUriraWv'inwSr' nence mis re- V A. U and . arm? crocheted and around the neck twice and tie in small, / (C ribbon. Unequaled in qual- U
B r 1 * r" 1 ? C uw -. p .™ e..... r . r ... : • •--"/rJ^gQA 'drawn through with ' silk dainty .bow. It is made of best taffeta ity and price 5!)c H
0 A« n tk» »«d » T^nJ n». TV»« . / Vv>i?Ji?5fJ V tape. Colors pink, blue and silk, with neat hemstitched edges: colors ''¦'¦>*£"• : V ¦* * * *.*. «« *H
m AnOinCr, and ( a UOOQ UnC, lOO. (/SM3 ) cream. Our competitors' pink. blue, black, white and red. Silk £9c HStCad Of $1.00. ' W
h . ' _ - .. ' t a nTroi ¦n'RAW'jr'ncj vN^wSIisuf regular 50c goods. Our would cost you more than we ask for ~* |"j
1 (^STN made of best -Fruit of the >*?!» price 25c tie complete ...25c NEty^ rfiOM OUR HANDKERCfflEF |
IS? SSffi/SS-dSyftSJ'.--- inr DfilOCRIDCDO 816 MARKET STREET, • " department. |
U GEzZS&Sl with torchon lace insertion, lsift ! "KBp\r"BM9^H ! "Kl« GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS, made Rl
H *SSeSa&gti& edged with four-inch lace. JLjL llE.l.SL.PvlJL-lilJ Running through to 11 O'Farrell. of good quality Irish lawn, neatly hem- Ii
Eg - .wiuuiu. - A1 j- glzes> The manufactur- -„.,¦*«« \. 71 „„„,,„ „»».»«».»«-"*- stitched, good, strong and durable. Six H
I er's price.......... -5Oc Mall Orders Sollcltei. PHELAN BUILDING. In fancy wooden box. Only. 60c g
JOE ROSENBERG'S.Within Pink and White Bower Daughter of Prominent
Capitalist Weds Youn? Insurance Man, and They Start
on Wedding trip to Europe to Pass Their Honeymoon
ROWENA BURNS BECOMES
CHARLES DUNPH Y'S BRIDE
BELLE WHO WAS MARRIED YES
TERDAY AND WHO WILL SPEND
HER HONEYMOON IN EUROPE.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Following Is a comparative statement of the
estimated flow of certain California rlver« la
cubic feet per second, or second feet, one second
foot equaling 60 California miner's inches, or
about 40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures
are from J. B. Llpplncott, hydrographer of the
United. States Geological Survey: > . ¦ , -,
FLOW OF BIVERS.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Judge Townsend,
in the United States District Court to-day, de
cided that the French line steamship company
is not liable for prepaid freight or for claims
for death arising from the loss of the ship
La Bourgopne. July 4. 1808. The decision ¦was
on a petlt'on by the company for a limitation
of its liability.
AN INSOLVENT . HOUSEWIFE.— Jane
Thompson of Wrights, Santa Clara County,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday in the
United States District Court. ..Her petition
describes her as "by occupation a lady and
housewife." She falls, as one of the stock
holders of the Insolvent Union Savings Bank
of San Jose, her liabilities being $-13,867. She
has no assets.
His acquaintances call him "Brick." . He is
famous as a sea lawyer and during the last
voyage of the ship Eclipse ' was^ the terror of
the forecastle and a thorn In the flesh of those
responsible for discipline on board. Sailors are
scarce just now and skippers have little choice
of material, so "Brick" was shipped for a sec
ond trip on the Eclipse and helped to man the
capstan yesterday morning when the time came
to warp the ship from Green street wharf. The
Eclipse has a new second mate who knew, not
"Brick." »
"Here you," said the new mate, tapping
•Brick' on the shoulder, "Just shove a few
pounds harder. We want no soldiering aboard
this ship." W9*fi-- ' '
•Brick' jumped as if stung. He dropped his
hold on the capstan bar and walked toward the
officer.
"What d' you mean by laying hands on me?
Take t:.at."
"Brick"" swung for the mate's head. The
mate dodged and planted right and left on the
sailor's Jaw. "Brick" blinked. The mate Cei
lowed with an uppercut that dropped "Brick"
to the deck. "Brick" recovered his feet and
with a wild whoop rushed at the mate, who
sidestepped and sent a strong left to the sailor's
ear. * .
The forecastle made an awkward ring and to
the crowd on the wharf it seemed as if one or
both combatants would surely topple over
board. x It was big enough for the new second
mate, however. • "Brick" tried one more rush
and ran his nose into a straight left.
"Now turn to," said the second mate.
"Aye, aye, sir," said "Brick."
Hit the Wrong 1 Mate.
She did hot have much difficulty in find
ing the. creeks and tracing them to the
points Indicated upon the Ciiart where the
gold was supposed to bt. The woman and
her son. who accompanied her, then
staked off- claims on • several different
leads, as indicated on the chart, and. they
intend -to return later in tne ytar and
make a complete prospect of the district.
On the richest ledge indicated on the
plan specimens of free gold valued at $400
to the ton were found," and some of these
have, been brought toythis city to • be
passed upon -by persons Interested In the
exploitation of the district. The speci
mens are fully as good as those found by
Mrs. Heckleton and her first husband
when they found the ledge twenty years
ago, and it is' expected that the claims
will prqve to be immensely rich.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 22.— With
some cf the finest samples of free gold
that havo been Brougnt to' this c.ty, Mis.
Heckleton of:Squamish amveo. in Van
couver to-day. ; 'Two months ago Mrs.
Heckleton leit- for. the upper country to
relocate some free milling gold -' claims'
north of Llllooet, which were found thero
by her husband nearly twenty ytars ago.
Her husband hud died before he could re
turn to work the rich gold iedges he had
discovered. .-.Mrs. Heckleton had- a rough
trip. /¦ She had i to go over snow-covered
mountains and through deep ravines to
reach the section where the claims. were
located, guided by a map left by her late
husband. .' ' . /
Special Dispatch to The Call. *-
By this time the excitement had cooled
down and the man was placed under ar
rest, and taken to jail. To-day he was ar
raigned before a ; Justice of the Peace,
who ordered his release.
Cheap cigars, watches, diamonds, silks
and laces -were sold for ten times their
value, and there seemed to be no end to
the demand. Finally a woman exclaimed
"I have been robbed." Thl3 brought the
crowd to its senses and it rushed upon
the faker. The latter drew two revolvers
and for a time held the townsmen at bay,
but finally one, braver than the others,
climbed upon the platform and wrested
the weapons from the owner. Then it
was found they were not loaded.
The people turned out en masse and
when the announced time arrived the
faker stepped' upon the platform and of
fered for sale a watch for JL When this
was disposed of It was immediately
bought back by the seller for 31 50. A
few prizes in money were given away to
the first purchasers, and then the rush
began. ¦ ¦
The stranger advertised that- he would
give an entertainment In the town hall
l'ree of charge last night, and would sell
some very valuable goods at ridiculously
low prices. .
LOMPOC, March 22.— A prosperous-look
ing stranger— probably one ' of the gang
that has been picking- up a little "easy"
money in Santa Clara and .other coast
towns — drifted Into Lompoc yesterday,
disposed of a few gold bricks to the in
habitants, posed for a few minutes as a
gun fighter/spent the night in Jail and
to-day wended his way on to the next
town, there to repeat the performance in
whole or in part.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Heckleton Brings From
Lillooat Proof of Her
Success. /
Arrest of Culprit Follows
Gun-Play With Empty
Weapons. -
Relocates Li9dge Found
v by Husband Twenty
Years Ago.
Crowd Attacks Stranger
When It Finds It Is
Bunkoed.
LOMPOC FILLS
FAKER'S PURSE
DARING WOMAN'S
HUNT FOR GOLD
Second Feet.
DA _^ -^T -55T--
March 9... ¦]"'~-X"'
March 10.. ¦•*'?.
March 11... • •«*
March 12 • 27;*
March 13.. £*»
March Mr.... £*«
March 15... ••! 2 04
Mrs. Edgar R. Bryant gave a most en
joyable "afternoon'" on Thursday last
with' seven-handed euchre. The prizes
were won by Mrs. Charles Fay, Mrs. Mar
shall Hale and Miss Lillian Altken, while
the consolation' prizes went to Mrs. Pal
mer and Mrs. Gertrude Campbell. The re
freshment table was decorated In pink
ribbon, lilies of the valley and asparagus
ferns. The viands served to the guests
were most tempting. .Mrs. : George C
Carr assisted Mrs. Bryant. in receiving
A progressive whist party was given in
the parlors of the Williams Hotel, Wil
liams, Cal., Wednesday evening,. March
19, by four of the bachelor guests of that
popular hostelry, W. W. Wilson, A A
Entrican, George W. Persons and F. e!
Kidd. From 9 to 12 the ! guests amused
themselves with the ever popular game.
A number of prominent people were pres
ent. Miss California Gibson carried off
first honors with a very handsome score,
while Miss R. Dreyfus of Woodland was
awarded the consolation" prize. At 12 a
dainty supper ' was served, all of the
guests being seated at one large ' table,
which was handsomely decorated with
carnations and roses. ;
Mrs. Lowell "White will give a reception
for the members of the California Club on
?T Ue3d^. afternoon at the dub rooms.
Mrs. .White will be assisted, in receiving
by the aid and new directors and officers
of the club. The affair will be made quite
informal. " '. .. / . .
• .'¦ • •
E. R. Armsby, Captain W. G. Gambrill, Colonel
William H. Baldwin, Captain C. F. Taylor,
J. E. Alexander, George A. Armsby, James L.
Flood. P. K. Gordon. ¦ George Fredericks, ¦ War
ren Gregory, F. L. Sewall, W. G. Richardson,
W. L. Hughson. N. A. Judd, Henry F.> Lally,
W. A. < Landry, James P. Langhorne, Crltten
den Thornton, Charles E. Miller. W . L B.
Mills, Arthur B. Palmer. Charles L. Patton,
Dr. A. E. Phelan, C. D. Potter, Ferdinand
Reis Jr., Charles Sch.neely, A. L. Scott, R.
H. • Sherman, Kenneth Watson, George H.
Smith, E. A. Stent; W. H. Stinson. Albert
Sutton, F. W. Tallant. William Tappenbeck.
H. T. Trumbo. W. B. Tubbs. George Uhl. E.
W. A. Waterhouse. Dr. J. D. Whitney. Charles
H. Woods, Senator E. C- Voorheis, • F. L Or-
CUtt. -,..., . ; ;,, »
tule Driver atx mcFarlands bridge.
KINGS RIVER AT REP MOUNTAIN.
The Bay View Land Cornpany, , sent a
communication yesterday' to the Board of
Supervisors declining to accept _' the offer,
of $S0O per acre for seven , acres of ; the
Bay View tract, j The sum of $8000 is the
lowest compensation the company will
accept for eight acres or less of the Bay
View . tract. V.It will further consider .the
tender as lapsed on May -1, 1902.; -The rea
sons assigned for the. refusal to accept
the offer of the ; Supervisors are that the
establishment of : a pest house would - be
.detrimental. to the adjoining-property and
would depreciate "the value -of the , land
for -all time to come: Furthermore, Aha
amount' tendered by the board is totally
inadequate for the loss and damage that
would be sustained by. the company.
Fixed by, the Supervisors
Is Inadequate.
Bay View Land Company Says Price
DECLINES OFFER FOB
THE PESTHOTJSE SITE
General S. B. M. Young, Colonel J. R.' Mc-
Gulness, Rear Admiral Farenholt. . Colonel C.
H.-Maddox, W." S. Alexander, Wakefleld Baker,
Dudley C. Bates, George P. Beveridge G. P.
Beardsley Jr., Loring B. Doe, . C. W. Dorr,
Edward E. Drake, Henry Elcnoff, Leon Boc
querez, A. B. > Bowers, .,., J. B. Ellis, 'Douglas
Krfcklne, George S. Folsom. E." 1 A. Ltresse, M. J.
Kast, Thomas H. Brooks,- A. .A. ; Brown, '. A.
J. Buckley; Edward Kverett, E. F. Cah 111. Join
D. Campbtll, -Charles N. Champion, S. -G.
Chapman. Major C. Christenson, S. ¦ R. Church,
Thomas Cole, H. P. Cottlngham. Wallace W.
Everett, Edward P.. Danforth, Eugene' de
Coulon, F. J. Devlin, -. Judge Hebbard, C. T.
Hamilton. Captain H. P. Howard, Major K.
J. Gibson. Major W. G. Dodd, W. B. Bradford,
The Cosmos Club was the scene of
much festivity last evening, when Major
John A. Hull, judge advocate on General
Young's staff, was given a banquet prior
to hia departure for his native- State,
Iowa, which will- take place early next
month. Since residing In this city Major
Hull has made many friends and has be
come one of the most popular and widely
known members of the club.' He has tne
distinction of being the youngest major
in the aimy and has served in the cam
paigns in Cuba and the - Philippines,
where he acquitted himself in the moot
creditable manner, receiving the praise
and recommendations of the commanding
generals. • His near departure was osten
sibly the" cause ,for the dinner last night,
but his approaching marriage to Miss
Greta Chase of Des Moines, Iowa, was
the chief motlv*. The banquet hall was
draped in national colors,- while the floral
decorations and candles completed > a
scene which. will linger long In the mem
ory of the guests. 'Those prseent were:'
• • . •
tended by her little cousin. Miss Galine
Gale, and was given Into the keeping of
the happy groom by her father, R. rJ.
Dunphy, a brother of the groom, acted
as best man. The marriage was sol
emnized by Rev. George C. Adams, pap
tor of the First Congregational Church,
in the presence of 100 friends of the
couple. . :
The bride was . beautiful and charming
In a costly bridal robe of white panne
Fatin, with garniture of rare rose point
lace. The gown was cut a la prlncesg and
en train, with elbow sleeves and white
gloves. The transparent yoke was of.
white tulle. A bertha of lace outlined the
corsage and a deep flounce of the 'lace
was festooned about the bottom, of the
skirt with orange blossoms. The white
tulle veil was held, in the hair with a
spray of orange blossoms. The only
Jewels worn were a rare diamond neck
lace, the gift of the bride's parents, and
a handsome sunburst of diamonds, the
gift of the groom. The bouquet carried
was of lilies of the valley tied with white
tulle. Little Galine Gale was daintily
attired In white organdy over pink taf
teta. She carried a large basket of pink
rose petals.
' After the ceremony and congratulations
an elaborate breakfast was i served.
LAter in the day Mr. and Mrs. Dunphy
took their departure. Their wedding trip
will cover six months' travel in Europe,
after which they will reside, in this city,
where the groom is associated with 'his
father, William H. Dunphy, in the Home
Life Insurance Company. The bride is a
decided favorite in society. She has
many accomplishments . and is liberally
educated, having, graduated ' from' Miss
West's and Miss Bull's schools. The
groom is an unusually , bright young man,
whose college days were spent at Berke
ley." He is a member of the San Mateo
Hunt, University I and Bohemian ciubs
and is very popular. Dunphy. is a clever
polo player and an excellent horseman.
The U.rge number of handsome presents
received by Mr. and Mrs., Dunphy are a
fair testimonial of the devotion of their
many friends. . . |
LOS ANGELES. March 22.— De Witt Clin
ton, an advertising solicitor, has been arrested
on the charge of forgery and obtaining money
under false pretenses, at the Instance of the
board of managers of the Stimson-Lafayette
Industrial School. '"'nton was engaged in
soliciting subscript! -.1 for the school, and. It
it is alleged, appropriated about . $400 of the
money collected to his own mses, after- in
dorsing the^checks.
SPOKANE, March 22. — Expulsion from "the
Methodist Episcopal Church carries with it ex
pulsion from the Bpworth League without fur
ther action being necessary is the decision of
the Board of Bishops of the church, as an
nounced in private advices received here. •
SAN JOSE. MarcB 22. — The Hale ranch,
comprising 800 acres, near Mountain View,
was sold at auction to-day in twenty-one sub
divisions, at prices ranging from $00 to $240
an acre. The purchasers were principally San
Francisco and Palo Alto people.
VICTORIA. B. C, March 22. — A terrible ac
cident is reported from West Japan, where an
avalanche slid 'down upon a petroleum works
beneath a hill on February 18. causing the
death of more than 100 Japanese. About eighty
bodies were taken out.
VALLEJO, March 22.— Chief Boatswain's
Mate George Gray, who left here some days
ago with a detachment of men from the Solace,
bound for his home in Salem, Masts., jumped
through a window of a car while en route
and was killed.
BAKERSFIELD, March 22. — The Hunter sa
loon and billiard rooms in Kern City were
broken into and robbed last night. The
thieves took $20 from a ¦ nickel-in- the-elot ma
chine and |T from the cash reglstec
LOS ANGELES, March 22. — Raymond M.
Swett, alias Fred Roy Sullivan, alias D. B.
Dunlap, the barefooted burglar arrested in
Milwaukee, Wis., was formerly an Inmate of
the Whittier Reform School.
VICTORIA. B. C March 20. — News comes
from the Orient of the loss of the steamer
Bermandan. a Dutch vessel of 312 tons. She
foundered In Khlo Straits on February 5. No
lives were lost.
LOS ANGELES, March 22. — F. C. Kenwood,
a laborer in the lumber ytrd of the L. W. Blinn
Company, was crushed to death to-day by the
falling of several heavy timbers from a car he
was unloading.
PRESCOTT. Arizona. March 22. — Steps are
being taken to prospect this flcld for oil. The
first car load of well boring apparatus ar
rived to-day and work will begin at once.
NEVADA, March 22. — Nevada City will have
a Chamber of Commerce, Its existence to be
gin on April 4. -
ALONG THE COAST
At 2:20 o'clock the flames were seem
ingly under control, with the probability
that the buildings adjoining the transfer
barn would-be saved.
The endangered bank building is of
brick, with tile roof, and is one of the
most imposing structures in Marin
County. The scene of the conflagration
is In the heart of the business portion of
the city and opposite the County Court
House.
The torch was applied to the livery and
transfer barn of Cheda & Co.. which was
destroyed with all of Its contents. Only
one of the horses was saved. . The Marin
County Bank building, adjoining the
transfer barn, is in danger, as 'are the
courtroom of Justice of the Peace Rod
den and the Marin County Abstract Com
pany's building. The Cheda residence, if
saved at all, will be damaged.
The alarm was turned in at 11:40 o'clock
and the department responded quickly at
the corner of Fourth and A streets. It
was found Impossible lo save the transfer
barn, so attention was directed to ttie au
joining buildings.
From all indications tTie incendiary per
fected his plans well, insuring the demo
lition of the Cheda property, which was
ablaze on all sides when the alarm was
turned in. - The loss" will be $10,000 to
Cheda & Co. alone. The building was
frame.
SAN RAFAEL, March 23.— San Rafae:s
incendiary was at work again to-night,
and his record ot crime has been swelled
by the destruction of thousands of dol
lars worth of property. At 2 o'clock this
morning- the conflagration started by the
firebug was not yet under control, and
the ultimate extent of the loss could only
be guesed at. ;>*•/;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Marin County Bank Block ana Other
Nearby Structures Endangered
by Spread of the
Flames. !
Cheda & Co.'s Livery Barn
and Its Horses Are
Destroyed. s
Applies Torch to Build
ing in the Heart of
the City.
SAN RAFAEL
INCENDIARY
AT HIS WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLi SUJ{ DAY, MARCH 2a, 1902.
band and wife. The artistic home
of Mr. and Mrs. D. M. Burns, the bride's
parents, was the scene of this Important
occasion. It was a pink and white wed
ding. The rooms were lavishly, decor
ated with the most delicate > of spring
flowers— almond, cherry and . pear blos
soms In pink and white. The hall was
done entirely In foliage and the dining
room in artistic groups of green branches.
The bridal bower was banked in with
the white and pink blossoms, tied with
bows and knots of pink tulle. At high
noon, to the strains of "Lohengrin," the
party entered the drawing room. There
were r.o bridesmaids. The bride was at-
ONE of the happiest and prettiest
of home weddln&s took place yes
terday, making Miss Rowena.
Burns \ and Charles Dunphy hus-
26
Second Feet.
1901.
1902.
- - 1 —
March 9. • • • • • • • •,
March 10 ••
March 11 • -^
March 12 •••
March 13
March 14
March 15 '.
¦mo
3840
3C00
3600
3355
3110
3110
6470
3345
2285
22S5
20S0
1900
1500
1901.
1902.
March' 9
March 10.".
March 11 •••
March 12
March 13
March 14.. ,
March 15.......... v... 1 .
3440
3120
2852
2718
2584
2450
2346
2986
1738
1380
1310
1240
1240
1100
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- ' First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN^
ADA. .82 Broadway (Hudson building) Naw
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Paciflo >' Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenti
COMPAONIE GENERALE TEAHBATLABTIQns
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. __,
Balling every Thursday, Instead of JPSrJk
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier j?^jVitTffraa
North, River, 1 foot. of Morton street.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. ...........
. Saturday, March 20. 10 a." m
SS/ALAMKDA, for Honolulu..
• Saturday. March 29. 2 p." m
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa ¦ Auclc- '
land and Sydney... Thura,. April 10, 10 a. ra
I. D. SPRECIELS k BEOS. CO 1 ., General Acts., 329 Matat
Bea'l Pass. Office, 643 Mattel St, Pier Ho. 7. Pacilc it
Became ssk
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
AMBRIOAW XjXXVXJ
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONnmr
St. Paul.. Apl. 2. 10 araiPhllad-pha-AD 1810 » m
St. Louis.. Apl. 0. 10 am St. Paul. .Apl 2» \c^
HBX> STAR. XiIWB
NEW YORK, ANTWERP PARI^
Friesland..Apl..2. nooniPennlan'd Aol li'Sr.
Southward. Ap. 9. nooni Vaderland i An it' l%5
¦ INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO '
,CHAS. D. .TAYl!o£ 0n <!T?£ £¦
£l|tl WONG WOO,
ITT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
[U / SANITARIUM.
J&P* 761-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
I?$i/W^«9? A Lk DISEASES l.URBD
*ffj3FaMltsL* *"*• exclusively by Chlneo
berbs. over 8000 varieties '. being used Uoun
G:30 toll 1 m.. 1 to 8 and 7 to 9 p. :a»
"Without any question they are' the safest
most effective cure for indigestion, biliousness'-
constipation and all derangements of the stom-
ach, however slirht or. severe." . .':;..,<•. .
"There was no more acidity or sour watery
risings, no bloating after, meals, the 'appetite
was vigorous and he has gained between 10 and
12 pounds in weight of solid, healthy flesh • ¦ -
- "Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets' are
advertised and sold In drug stores, yet I con-
sider them a most valuable addition to any
physician's line of remedies, as they • are per-
fectly harmless and can be given to children or
Invalids or in: any condition. of the stomach
with perfect safety, being harmless and con-
taining nothing but fruit and vegetable es-
sences, pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
"I gave him powerful nerve tonics and blood
remedies, but to no purpose. As an experiment
I finally bought a 50-cent 1 package of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets at a drug store and gave
them to him. Almost immediate relief was
given, and after he had used four boxes he was
to all appearances . fully cured.
pepsla. Everything he ate seemed to sour and
create gases in the stomach. He had pains like
rheumatism In the back, shoulder blades and
limbs, fullness and distress alter eating poor
appetite and loss of flesh; the heart became
attected. causing, palpitation and sleeplessness
at nicht. '-'--- .
The -"Dr. 3£^, A 1 d e n Electric
Belt (with zS&£y~_ • u s p e nsory) '.i
guaranteed ' r^T? to possess ail- the
curative properties of the expensive belts
: now sold by doctors and druggists." It gives
a very, strong current of electricity and Is
«-ae:iy regulated. Bound to supersede
others. " Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Clr-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 20C Post st.. San Francisco, or
11*5 Broadway. New Yorkv
\He says: "The patient was a man who had
suffered, to my knowledge, for years with dys-
A New Discovery, but Not a Patent Medicine.
Dr. Redwell relates an Interesting, account of
what he considers a remarkable case of acute
stomach trouble and chronic dyspepsia by the
use of the new discovery, Stuart's Dyspepsia
! Tablets . . . . ; ..
by Stuart's Dyspeo3ia Tablets.
Instantly Relieved and Permanently Cur.d
From Dyspepsia and Stomach Trouble
INTENSE SUFFERING
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
An-fi Cia £ud Americana th Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Cfntral
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard ."C pier 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA ..April 5 GUATEMALA.: Apr —
TUCAPEL ...April 1!» PALENA May
, These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. (No
change at Aeapujco or Panama). Freight and
fTassengor office. ."{16 California street
BALFOUR.%GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. 'Agents.
PANAMA R, t ; S'
TO KEW YOR( VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Leelahaw caili Fr! laju Mar 28
S. Si Argyll sails Fri.iay. May il
From. Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. -
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing. .i ¦¦¦¦¦•. . . .;.; •!-¦--
SS. HONGKONG MARU
..., Tuesday, April 15th 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May 9th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, June 4th, 1902
Round-trip tickets « at reduced rates. For
freig-ht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
- . W. ' H. AVERY. General Agent.
TOYO IISEN KAISHA.
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle-
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'3 SOOTHING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTT TEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES tha CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists In every part of
the world. Be sure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING SYKTIP
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broads**
jSt 'Wharf, San Francisco: "
KfiHj&fc. For Ketchikan. Juneaa.
IfcW'^y-^ Ekagway. etc.. Alaska— U
I»*VBrS5& a. m., March 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
' r3WES5S\Sl' April 1. Chang* to com-
' RJyX^^^Jiai pany*s steamers at Seattle.
ABnggSgBi For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. New Wtaat-
co— it . __- March T. 12. 17. 22. 27. April I.
mmm
March 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. April 2.
For San Diego. »toppln« only *»*""*
Barbara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo
<Los A ngelea)— Spokane. Sundays, ft s> m..
State of California. Wednesdays. » m. m.
For Loa Angeles, calling at S*at» Ctm.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfonl
'San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, ventur*.
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro sad
•Newport (•Bonlt* only).
Bonita. 0 a. m.. March T. 15. 23. SI. April S.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. March 19. 27, April 4.
For Ensenada. Ma«d=.lena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Bosa-
lla and Gueymaa (Mex.>— 10 a. m.. 7th of MCh
month. J
For further Information obtain folder. 'V
Right Is reserved to chang* steamers o»
ealllncr dates. -
TICKET OFFICE—* N«* Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oea. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
NOME m
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JTTNB 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE t
¦ Steamships CITT OF PUEBXA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and State
of California made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery sc
(Palace Hotel).
GOODAKL. PKRKINS & CO.. Genl. Agents.
¦ 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
<?nly $60. Including; meals and berta. for th»
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam« (
ship Co/s steamer CURACAO,- leaving BXS
FRANCISCO APRI1. 7th. due back April 2Tth.
calling at ENSENADA, MAGDALEN* A BAT.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA. LA PAZ, SANTA ROSALIA and
GUATMAS, Mexico.
For |20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE, • 4 New
Montgomery street, or 10 Market street. San
Francisco.
O.R.& N, CO.
Only Steamship Xtlxi* «*>
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to "1
points East. Throafth Tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST fLA.TJBS,
8TEAMZ& TI0KXT3 IHOLUDX BBRT3 tad MS \11
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 24. April 3. 18, 33
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails .
Mar. 29. April 8. 18. M
Steamer sails from foot of Spear at.. 11 a. m.
P-W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. A«t.. 1 Mong'y. S. T.
BAY AlTD BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
8:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:i5 a.-m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. « p. ol. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Tare 80
cents. Telephohe Main » 1508. Landing and
office, .pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. . ¦"¦ ; - •
Try a dose of the Bitters when
you. don't feel wel! or have no ap-
petite.' It will - strengthen your
weak stomach and make you feel
better. It cures belciing, flatu-
lency, heartburn, indigestion
and constipation.
te*jv B STOMAC| -L- k i»
OVER HIS FELLOW-MAN
IAF8 MIGHTY POWER
AT LAST.
THE SECRET REVEALED
Astonnding Discoveries Which Prove
That People Can Actually Be
Influenced and. Controlled For
Years Without Dreaming
They Are Und2r the
Mystic Spell of
Another.
How It Is Done — A Powerful Secret
Method of Mind Control, bj the
Side of Which Hypnotism
. and Kindred Influences-
Sink Into Insig-
nificance.
If you wish a free copy of the book
which started Mr. Moosbrugger, Colonel
Tuner and others on the road to success,
write to-day to the Columbia Scientific,
Academy, office 322N, 1931 Broadway, New
York., and the book will be sent you by
return mail, - postage prepaid.":
Colonel C. E. Tuller of 1201 Euclid ave-
Iiue, Cleveland, Ohio, says: "My success
In curing afflicted people is absolutely
•wonderful. A boy given up for sure death
by flve physicians I restored to perfect
health inside of flve minutes. A woman
that could not touch her foot to. the
ground on account of rheumatism was
cured by one application of the method
explained in your system."
Felix Moosbrugger of 276 Halsey street,
Newark. N. J., writes: "Many are the
¦windllcg deals I have avoided in my
father's business through my knowledge
of your system. The change which has
taken place in my personal character Is
eimply marvelous. I have developed a
confidence and power in myself that I
never dreamed I could acquire."
S. I. Tetter of Middletown, Pa., says:
"The 'Kl-Magt' System of personal inliu-
ence has brought me the success in busi-
ness for which I have been looking. It is
the magnet which controls. There is no
guesswork about It— it is a scientific fact.
It has taught me to know and control
myself as well as others."
This wonderful new force gives a con-
trol and an influence over, persons that
wcuid astonish and mystify the most
powerful hypnotist who ever lived.. It
enables you to know the secret natures
and lives of every one you meet; you can
tell the character, abilities and entire na-
ture of your correspondents, though thou-
sands of miles away. Tou can exert a
Btrange silent influence over others In
your presence or at a distance entirely
without their knowledge. You can quick-
ly develop your will power, memory and
other mental faculties to a marvelous de-
gree. You can by a new secret process
quickly cure bad chronic diseases and
build up your own health and strength in
an incredibly short space of time. It ex-
plains the most marvelous system of phy-
sics! and mental development known lo
man. It truly reveals the secret power
of charming, the art of fascination. You
can win and hold friends without number.
You can master the secrets and know the
power of the wise men of old. You can
acquire that inward confidence, that mag-
netic power that will enable you to over-
come all obstacles to success, and rise to
a position of prominence in your commu-
nity. The book enthusiastically In-
dorsed by ministers of the gospel, busi-
ness and professional men. It is a work
which should be In every home. This<
wonderful new work Is entitled "The 1 Se-
cret of Power." It fully explains the uses
and possibilities of the marvelous "Ki-
Magi" system of personal influence. It
lays bare the mysteries of magnetic con-
trol. It gives you a veritable key to the
souls of men. It Is richly, illustrated by
the finest half-tone engravings. It is by
far the most remarkable, interesting and
thrilling work of the kind ever written.
For a limited time it will be sent to your
address absolutely free. "In your 'Kl-
Magl' System I have found what I for
years searched for in vain," writes Mr.
Joseph Steiner. 1100 Ninth street, N. W. f
"Washington, D. C. '.'It has changed the
whole trend of my thought and given my
life a new meaning. I feel younger and
stronger every day. I nnd in it the key lo
business success." W. Rockwell Kent of
Binghamton, N. Y., writes: "Your Ki-
Magi System is the most powerful agency
on earth for the betterment of man. All
¦who master It will become a power in the
world and be successful and happy."
At last the true secret'of mental power
and mind control has been revealed. A
noted college in the city of New York has
just issued a wonderful book by eminent
scientists, which lays bare the mysteries
of personal Influence. Five thousand
copies of this remarkable work are to be
distributed free of charge for the purpose
of acquainting the public with this mighty
mind power.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M CELEBRATED
ROB O. C. JOSLEN. M.D. 1B3
pi Leading Specialist In !
0 Men's Diseases.
! Cure Men
I By Original Methods
1 I cannot too forcibly Impress the fact
C that the methods by -which I treat and
I cure men's diseases ar« original with'
P me. They are a result of my observa-
M tion. research and study during: fifteen
j years' practice as a , specialist. This
0 should especially appeal to those who
B have been disappointed In their efforts
frl to obtain relief, and should aid all af-
£j filcted men in the choics of a physician.
ej As to my understanding of xnen'a dls-
H eases and tha scientific correctness of
h my treatment, my unequaled success In
H effecting permanent cures speaks auf-
H flclently.
I Weakness.
pi My success In curing- those functional
gj disorders, commonly termed "weakness"
H is due to my full understanding; as to
H the causative conditions, and to my ato-
H solutely scientific methods of removing
r| them. Many cases of prematurenesa.
m loss of power, etc.. present a variety of
H symptoms so entirely confusing and
H perplexing that most physicians have
t| fallen into that dangerous rut. tha
fa . .practice of treating by set methods.
M without discrimination and without
B knowledge aa to the real requirements.
H My first step is in absolutely scientific
(9 and accurate diagnosis. In a large
m majority of cases I find the sole cause
H of these functional derangements to be
H a swollen. Irritated and chronically ln-
|j flamed prostate gland. This condition
H cannot possibly be remedied by any
I treatment other than the local meas-
Ea ures I employ, and to attempt to force
B normal activity and vigor by tha us*
H of stimulants and tonics would only re-
IB suit in aggravation of the trouble. Un-
fit der my treatment a cure Is positive and
D certain, and absolutely permanent, be-
El cause I accomplish by the removal of
H every causa responsible for the dls-
t order.
I Varicocele.
| I positively cure varicocele In one
B week, and frequently In even less time.
1 I met with no failures, nor Is my
I treatment ever followed by undesirable
1 results. My method of effecting a euro
K Is painless, and no other equally satls-
B factory, safe and certain method exists.
Q It Is an original and distinctive method
B and produces an absolutely thorough
ft and permanent cure. .,
gj Varicocele not only Impairs func-
¦ tlonal activity, but In many Instances
:. It results In a wasting away of the
', organs Involved and gradually under-
j . mines the general health. A thorough
cure is a matter of vital importance.
i and is also a matter of but a very few
: days' treatment under my system.
II also cure contracted diseases, spe-
cific blood poison, stricture, pile3 and
kidney and bladder diseases. Consul-
tation free at office or by mall. Write
'¦ for pamphlet. "Live All Tour Tears a
Man." |.
Dr. O. C. Joslen
; J049 Market Street, |
Diagonally Opposite Hlbernla Bank.
c^^^ cJ^S^
M€)Ilfl& MR GROCER: 1
*-?T-.- ' '¦- •¦¦•- Tel1 yo ur customers when gj
/ they ask you for a jar^of the B
¦ .¦'¦.¦\kQpfr [' ".--."best" Preserves, Jams or H
¦ Jellies, that the BESI are g
..LONG'S, and tell thsm they |j
"are the best because they are g
j^^ ' i) . , made of perfect selected fruit, M
M9jf~\ ifrm jm Vi of pure sugar and are clean. M
fflJLJrffEilB,^ You can also tell them that J§
¦ '¦/ you recommend them because M
- the manufacturer stands back H
of you and guarantees them a
§^m . - " ¦- all you;say. ' y \ - t^ : 5a .^
fl&i^^J' £-\ff fj Long's Preserves, Jams |j
s - : and Jellies are perfect pre- M
V serves. No coloring ot pre- H
serving 'compounds are used. / M
¦^"^ ¦ All grocers sell them. ||
B f\ if^n _d-^»'* "' " • "• ; ~ "- ' ' '¦ nS
y-J&*flQ§ LONG S YRUP REFINING CO. |
¦^^^^^^&Ss5^----->'-"'.''. • '. 8th and Brannan Streets, iy
.' (__ ; .' Phone South 486. San Francisco, Cal. ||
<^^Sff^ <J^^£^ <?*£R0$The Swedish Dramatic Company of San
Kranclsco rendered the new play "Kropp
Kak Kalaeet pa Gland" last night at the
Native Sons' Hall. After the play a dance
was enjoyed. ! ¦•'.'.
Swedish Talent in Flay.
Seeks Damages for Broken "Leg.
Theophlle Baudet and his wife, Eveline
Baudet, brought a suit against the Mar
ket-street Railway Company yesterday
for $10,000 damages for personal injuries
received by Mrs. Baudet while riding in a
Folsom street car last December. The
car on which she was a passenger col
lided. It Is alleged, with an obstacle on the
track with such force that Mrs. Baudet
was thrown to the ground, breaking her
leg. _ '- .¦•.-»• i
Josiah Sims is suing the Market-street
Railway Company for 110,000 damages. He
alleges* that he received injuries whicn
will cause him great suffering during the
rest of his life through the sudden start
ing of a Market-street car, from which h«j
was alighting.
James Purcell, who was convicted of
stealing a quantity of tobacco from the
dock of the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company last November, was sen
tenced to one year' at San Quentrn by
Judge Graham yesterday.
Purcell Gets a Year.
I Sapling Stake: First round — A. C. Roberts'
I Klla May beat J. E. Monahan's Silver Crescent
16-2; T.. Sullivan's Maid o' the Glen beat Pasha
: Kennels' Ready Address, 8-6; M. C. Delano's
Conroy beat T. Sullivan's Pepper Hill, 5-1; J.
Connolly's Wine Wing beat G. Cook's Spindlt
Boy. 13-7.
Second round — Maid o' the Glen beat Ella
May; 10-3; Conroy beat Wing Wing, 18-1.
Open Stake: First round — J. Dempsey's Jin
gle Bells beat K.. Geary's Fenll, 3-2; J. S.
Badt'n Lovlna beat T. Cox's Crockett Hill. 4-O;
F. Itosenberger's Lady Chlqufta beat Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Alrn, 6-3; J. Horn's Mc-
Henry beat Alameda Kennels' Clarice,. 4-3; P.
J. Rellly's Honesty beat F. C. Mack's = Delia
M, 6-2; W. C. de B. Lopea's Peplta beat R. B.
Kay'n Hawker, 7-5 ;.T. Henley's Gramercy 1 beat
F. Roeenberger's Master Bly, 6-4;- Chiarlnl
• Bros.' White Hat beat, J. F. Cheetham's Rep
resentative, 8-0; Alameda Kennels' Lilac beat
M. . Nealon's Fred Freedom, 12-7; rE.. Geary t
America beat'F. C. Mack's Woodcock Boy,* 8-0;
Pasha Kennels' Real Lassie beat P. M. Clark
son's Flower of Gold, 4-3; C. Pickard's Bright
Gold beat J. Connolly's 'New Moon, 5-1; P. M.
ClarkEon'n MIes Brumm4 beat K. Geary's
Dathy. 11-3: J. Morlarlty's" Snapper Garrinon
beat W.: Calms' Imperial. 10-2; E. Geary'*
Ireland beat T. Matter's Lord GoIT. 13-6; Pasha
Kennels' 'Royal' Archer, beat B. Geary's Bonnie
HuBhlp, 5-1; C. G. Whallon-'s Gllmore beat M.
Mlchillkl's Strayaway. 18-16; L. M., Connell's
Black Coon- beat' B. Geary's Littl»# Jim. 6-1 j
E. L.. Hathaway' s Bridget Cleary beati J.' , W.
Fancy's October Lad, 10-8; J. J. Kee nan's Lun
din Links beat- Pasha Kennel's Rich Argoty,
4-1; ' J. Hurley's Shylock - Boy ;" beat J. F.
Roger's Glaucus. 7-5; P. M. Clarksbn's Prompto
beat B. Sendcrman's: Comlque, 19-16;. J. Morl
arity's Klttlemau beat E. Geary* ¦ Fannie
Second round — Regal Attire beat Might B<
Keen> v 0-0: Arbacus beat Helena, 11-0; .Kearfu
Ship beat Reckless Admirer, 6-0; Home Ruh
beat Fearless, 13-2. . • . .
Third round— Regal Attire beat Arbacus, 8-6
Fearful Ship beat Home Rule, . 14-11.
Deciding course — Pasha Kennels' Regal At
tire beat Fearful ShlD. . ' ' * ' ;¦ . -; .
Keserve Staks: First round — M. B. Kav
anagh'n Mljht Be Keen beat : T. Jolley's t<r
ronto. 0-7; Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire beat T
Jolley's Little May. 8-5; J. K. Roberts Arba
cus Ivat P&tha Kennels' Reve d' Amour, 17-6
W. C. Badgrer'i; Helena a bye. Pat Freedoir
withdrawn; Pa«ha Kennels" Reckless' Admlrei
beat W. Cairns' East Lake, 10-6; Kelly & Han
ley's fearful Ship b*at T. J. Meagher's Royal
iet. S-7; M. Fancy's Home Rule beat Vv r
Cairn's Melrose. 4-0; W. C. Badger's Fearlesi
beat J. F. Roger's Erebus. 6-4. :
In the open stake, one round of which
was run yesterday, Ireland has been in
stalled favorite at odds of 5 to 1. Amer
ica and White Hat are 6 to 1, Fair Oaks
7 and Royal Archer 8.
Two dogs are' left in the sapling stake—
Conroy and Maid o' the Glen. The for
mer is by Connemara and Is a counter
part of the famous black dog; -.He- is "a
promising youngster, but the Maid has
nearly a month's advantage of him in ago
and has had more coursing experience.
The special stake, which will be run In
its entirety to-day, has an open look. A.
J. Martin, Tralee Boy, Vandal and Ho
mer Boy are quoted at 5 to 1, Tame'Tra
lee 6, Roman Athlete and Luxor 7 and
Charta, Lost Chord, Anchor and Nar
cissus 8 to 1. Tho detailed results of yes
terday's coursing, with Judge John
Grace's oificial scores, follow:
The reserve stake was the only one run
through to the deciding course. This was
won by Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire,
which took first money from Fearful
Ship. Regal Attire showed a world of
F.peed. In the deciding course she led by
two lengths. . The hare was a skillful
dodger and 'lasted two minutes. The
score was 17 to 12. -
Greyhounds entered in three stakes
competed at Union Coursing Park yester
day and close contests resulted. The dogs
met on more of an equality than for*
merly, owing to the entries being divided
into three sections Instead of two, as
heretofore.
Monte Verde Grove No;' 128 of the
United Ancient Order of Druids will give
a ball April 6 in Mission Turn Verein
Hall to celebrate the first anniversary of
its institution. It is to be a complimentary
affair. .. ¦ .
Druids. to Celebrate Anniversary.
Pasha Kennels' Grey
hound Is Possessed
of Speed.
REGAL ATTIRE
A STAKE WINNER
City' Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that he is un
able to figure as to "what the probable
amount of judgments against the city and
county win be for the coming fiscal
year." He advises that no pro\islon be
made in the budget for the payment of
such judgments, because if any money
judgments were obtained. against the city
they could be paid either out of the ur
pent necessity fund or out of the surplus
fund at the end of the fiscal year. Lane
bays further:
"During the three years of my incum
bency but one money judgment has been
obtained against the city, and that in
the Rohfeld case, arising out of the work
of a mob at the Presidio, and to indem
nify the city for its loss In this matter
(11.375 40) a bill i« now pending • in Con
fTess. This statement does not include
tuits to recover taxes paid under protest
-nr upon 1822-3 claims. There are now no
judgments for protested taxes standing
apair.st the city and I presume that the
judgments upon the 1E92-3 claims were all
paid under the constitutional amendment
of 1900. So that at present there are no
judgments which should be provided for
in the new budget." ."./. J
City Attorney Advises Supervisors to
Pay Them Out of the Surplus
Fund. /
The apprentices- at the ¦ performance
were H. E. Irrgang, A. D. Werner, G. A.
Rodman. W. L. Carvell. II. J. Roake. H.
S. Harreschon, C. McElroy. E. R. Gard
ner, H. Scott. R. W. Johnson. L. K. Stro
bel. L. J. Cameron. P. H. Androsa, H. A.
Barr. L. W. Nvgaard. P. A. Shillman, F.
L. Lewis, A. H. Schoregge. F. Seaborn,
H. Hugginp. G. R, Washburn, R. N.
King, C. Worthlngton. E. F. Pope, G.
Shultz. W. Johnson. B. Burt. W. S. Leng
lar, R. Mitchel. bugler, and Chief Boat
swain's Mate Casey.
Twenty-nine naval apprentices, under
the command of John R. Daly, one of the
drill officers of the Naval Training Sta
tion, attended the. Tlvoli Opera-house
yesterday afternoon In a body and thor
oughly enjoyed the admirable perform
ance of- .Victor Herbert's clever opera,
"The Serenade." The laddies are a fine
set of brawny youngsters and their thor
ough discipline was evident. At the con
clusion of the performance they crowded
around Officer Daly and thanked him for
the rare treat that had been given them.
mand of Officer Daly See "The
Serenade."
A Number of Apprentices Under Com-
NO PROVISION IN BUDGET |
FOR PROBABLE JUDGMENTS
NAVAL LADDIES ENJOY
TIVOLI PERFORMANCE
Hughie, .4^0; ,'E. Geary's Fair Daks beat J.
Hurley's -RHey Grannan. 3-1; H. I... Meharry's
Roxana- beat Kelly & Hartley's Lusmagh Lad,
6-0; Chiarlnl Brcs.' Santonin beat R. B. Kay's
Schilling's Best, 10-0; P. Doyle's Liberator
beat C. G.-'Whallon's.Mtss Shirley. 11-7; T.
Coleman's Cotton Ball beat W. Johnson's Ar
ticulate, 13-10; C. O. Peterson's Haphazard
beat. A. McLeod'g Blond Beauty, 4-2; E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey beat Chiarlni Bron.'
Sempronius,: 4-1; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys
beat J. Trade's Cosey. 4-0; D. Tol&nd's Pleas
ant Girl beat T. Mlllerick's My Selection, 6-3.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 22.—
The Varsity : baseball team defeated - the
Olympic Club j nine this afternoon by; the
score of 18 to" 7.' The game was a; walkr
over, for ;the V Stanford team from . begin
ning -to - endl ¦; Llchtenberg, 'who . was ¦ In
the box for the.'clubmen, proved aneasy
mark for: the Varsity players.; fifteen; hits
being -secured off ., his delivery, ¦ ranging
from singles *to; home 'runs. ' Fritch and
McGilvray;':the cardinal battery; played
.well and received; good support on the in
field.. The .Varsity nine showed a remark
able ; improvement in form, particularly
Blake on- first' base. - -
Olympic Baseball Team Loses.
Commission : States That • Estimate
Has Been Hade in Accordance
¦ With Mayor's Suggestion.
Mayor Schmltz received ; tho following
communication '•; yesterday * from • the Po
lice-Commissioners: ' . ¦ ' £'.' ••¦'*
' OFFICfc OF POLICE COMMISSIONERS.*
8AN= FRANCISCO. March 22, 1&02. .
To lh«« Honorable Easrene E. Schir.itz, Mnyor
of the City and County of San Francisco— Sir:
The communication of your, Ho"nor of the J8th
lntst., declaring in favor* of 'the eight-hour day
for ' members of ' the Police Department - and
recommending that -the expense estimate ; for
the fiscal year. 1902-1903 bo calculated on this
ta^is, was duly rocelved and presented to, the
Board 'of Police Commission, in hesplon on' the
:?thinst • .. . . ...:... ;
• I was instructed ' by the board to acknowl
edge the receipt of your communication and to
respectfully, state to your: Honor that this
board agrees unanimously with your views: in
this ¦ matter , and begs to inform you ¦ that the
estimate has been made in- accordance with
your - suggestion. ¦ Very : respectfully,
BOARD OF POLICE COMMISSIONERS,
B. . L. CAD WALLADER.: Secretary.
POLICEMEN • WTLL WOBK
fi;lEIGHT HOURS PER BAY
Files 'Account of Whitcomb Estate.
James Otis, surviving trustee of the
estate of the late A. C. Whltcomb, filed
his twelfth : annual- account ¦ yesterday. It
shows that from February 23; 1901, to
February 23, 1902, the trustee handled $4.
253,806 61. . . . V,'-.^
Women's Club Elects Delegates.
The Woman's Republican State Central
Club has elected the following delegates
to the State League of Republican Clubs,
which meets in San Jose on April It:
President, Addie I> Ballou; secretary. Eliza
beth SIoDer; treasurer. Mrs. F. Tudor Marks;
delegate at larse, Mrs. George W. Lewis.
Delegates — Mrs. Georrie Hodsman, Mrs. Jen
nette Harvey. Mrs. C. "W. Duffle. Mrs. Mary
H. Lewis, Mrs. FrancM M. Peters, Mrs. An-
Kellna Build. Alternates— Mrs. Sarah H. Wil
son. Mrs. Fanny Gatehouse, Mrs. Kate M.
Brown. Mm. Catherine Gilberts. Mrs. Clara
Morton, Mrs. Sarah M. Smith.
The Alice left Seattle a week ago for
Wrangel Narrows. For some reason not
yet explained she was being towed across
Queen. Charlotte Sound by the steamship
Neptune. The latter had been towing two
scows northward and added the Alice to
her charge. : There were four men on the
Alice, but their names are not known.
At least three were deckhands, who were
Bent aboard from the Neptune to steer
her.-.'- . ¦ ; - : - ¦' -• . - . - ¦¦¦.:
The boats were caught by a western
gale. Some time in the night the cab'es
parted, and daylight. on Friday the. Nep
tune - found that . she had : lost the Alice
and one of the scows. 9 She cruised around
all that morning,' but found no trace ,of
either. She ran across the City of Seattle
and reported her loss, and Captain-Nich
olson I kept a close lookout, without | re
gult.' The sea, was so rough that even If
the Alice had been able to navigate she
would ; have been at , the mercy of the
waves. As it was. she had up no steam
and probably eanfc a . very few minutes
after she .was lost by tho Neptune.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 22.— With
four men aboard her ¦ the s little ' Seattle
steamer Alice disappeared during Thurs
day night's storm oh -Queen' Charlotte
Sound, 250 miles up the coast. This .was
the news brought to Vancouver to-day by
the steamship City of Seattle, whose offi
cers report that there is scarcely a doubt
that the Alice went to the- bottom. .'On
Friday morning not a vestige of her re
mained, although the City of Seattle and
the steamship Neptune searched for her
during the entire forenoon. ;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Little Steamer Alice Is
Lost on Queen Char- s
lotte Sound.
SINKS I N STOR M
WITH FOUR MEN
Supervisors Wynn and Bent, the sub
committee appointed to wait on the Jus
tices of the "Peace to see if the latter
would agree to make some alternate nom
inations for Justices' clerk in case George
S. McComb is not confirmed by the board,
visited Judges Daniels and Dunn yester
day morning. After laying the proposi
tion before the Judges the Supervisors
were informed that no action would ba
taken until Monday afternoon, after tho
result of McComb's nomination had been
ascertained. Daniels and Dunn expressed
themselves later as disinclined to makQ
alternate nominations in the event that
McComb should not be confirmed. They
say that they have sent the name of a
good and able man to the Supervisors and
It i3 the duty of the board to confirm tho
nomination.
tion of Supervisors on Mc-
Comb's Appointment.
Justices of the Peace, Will Await Ac-
Dr. James "W. Ward has brought a suit
against Mary A. Bailey, D. T. Callaghan
and John C. Brickell for the foreclosure
of a mortgage for $60,000 on real estate
made by Callaghan in December. 18SC.
Callaghan alleges Ward borrowed $60,030
from s Mrs. Bailey, giving! as security his
promissory note and a mortgage on hla
property. !
In October, 1900, Mrs. Bailey borrowed
$3443 30 from Ward, securing the loan ; by
assigning to Ward the Callaghan * note
and mortgage. ¦ ' \
Ward further alleges that BrickeH,
claims to have some interest in the Cal
laghan note and mortgage, and that he
has conspired with Mrs. Bailey and Cal
laghan to effect a release of the mort
gage with the intention of defrauding
him of his interests.
Judge Cook issued a temporary. Injunc
tion yesterday restraining the defendants
from taking any action which could in
any way impair Ward's ¦ security. Tho
writ Is returnable before Judge Seawcll
March 28. . . .
laghan and J. C. Brickell of Try
ing to Defraud Him.
DE. J. W. WARD MAKES •
A CHARGE OF CONSPIRACY
Accuses Mary A. bailey, D. T. Cal-
WILL NOT SUBMIT ANT
ALTERNATE NOMINATIONS
i THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
27
Place It as an investment In some stock
that you are positive is going- to advance
In price, some stock which will score such
an advance. BECAUSE It has the power
behind it to * earn 'and pay big dividends,
thus giving it a constantly increasing
value.
Just such ran.' opportunity Is offered to
you NOW in a purchase of the shares of
the MERGENTHALER-HORTON BAS-
KET MACHINE COMPANY. In a year
or so these. same shares, which can be
bought to-day for 50 cents, par value 51,
will undoubtedl j'' be in universal demand
at prices far beyond par, because the de-
sire. to secure. the heavy dividends which
this company will be enabled to pay will
cause the stock to-be eagerly sought for,
and the price therefore must wcrk higher
and higher.
FRUIT SEASON IS CONTINUOUS.
Is it not plain that with such equipment
for a foundation the future of such a
Canada, to say nothing of the vast fields
of New York, . New Jersey, Delaware,
Ohio, Indiana arid Texas, contribute their
product to the markets of "our great cities
during nearly the whole year. -
When one section begins to ease down
the volume of its delivery another section
starts up, a stream of fruit is constantly
moving from the fields to the markets'
and to the preserving factories, and all of
this fruit is now packed in BASKETS
MADE BY HAND.
Subscriptions to the stock of the Mer-
genthaier-Horton Basket Machine Com-
pany are received at the office of tha
company, room 507 Examiner Buildinjr.
San Francisco. All checks or money or-
ders should be drawn to the order of
Charles R. Barlow. Treasurer. | Subscrip-
tions may be sent by mall or made at per-
sonal call, and any information desired
will be promptly furnished on request.
SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Mergenthaler-Horton Grape Basket Machine in Operation.
v In these respects the Mergenthaler-
Horton Basket Machine*, Company differs
from other commercial and Industrial en-
terprises which divide their capitalization
with some trust company or some so-call-
ed "underwriting syndicate," which trust
THE PEOPLE'S COMPANY.
The great profits which accrue to those
who foster enterprises at the right. stage
is shown by the colossal "'fortunes -made
out of the. Linotype, :tho Cotton Gin;'. -the
Sewing Machine, the Telephone and the
many remarkable money earners based
on "fundamental and indisputable patent
In order to make it possible for those
of small capital, to participate In the
profits accruing from the development of
the Mergenthaler-Hortori' Basket 'Ma-
chine Company, the par value of shares 13
placed at- $T, : and the present 'offering is
made at less than par. . No subscription
taken for Ies3 than fifty shares, and the
right reserved .to suspend the sale of
stock whepever the sales 'have produced
sufficient for the needs of -manufacture
and equlpment.V •/,"•: >.
company or syndicate makes an enormous
profit by furnishing the needed sums for
working capital, and then, after the
company- so floated is in working order,
sells the stock to the public at a value
which will bring, as returns only fair In-
terest on the investment. .
I How can you use to best advantage $500
or $1000, or even $25? ¦ /
HOW MONEY- MULTIPLIES.
Not one machine will be leased to any
one else or put on royalty, as it Is the
purpose of the company to fully control
the fruit basket Industry. Its batteries
of machines will be located at different
points in the richest fruit-growing terri-
tories.
I No other machine*has ever been made
for the manufacture of fruit baskets, and
the patents controlled by this Company
are so fundamental and basic in character
that any attempt to construct such a ma-
chine • must Involve infringements which
will-be immediately stopped by injunc-
tion:' •- ' .': • *>,'¦• - - ¦¦¦¦ ' '¦ .
There has been ample demonstration,
too, of the ability, of these machines to do
all that is claimed for them. A number
of the basket machines have been in op-
eration for over a year at the factory
of Robison & Co., at Painesville, Ohio, and
this factory, because of its ability to turn
out baskets cheaper than any of the hand
mills, and of a better, grade, has been
taxed to its fullest capacity. Persons wh,o
have contemplated' the purchase of con-
siderable blocks of stock have visited
Painesville-for.the purpose of seeing the
machines in operation.
The sight of the machines In full opera-
tion has been in. every instance an irre-
futable • argument and has made many
stanch friends for the Company.
One thousand of these machines ' will
manufacture the entire number of baskets
for. grapes berries and other fruits that
are annually demanded In the United
States.
NOT ONE -MACHINE LEASED
WONDERFUL CAPACITY OF THE
MACHINES.
. ¦¦ It Is Impossible -to market the vast vol-
ume of fruit without th« baskets, just as
it is -. impossible to market the country' 8
great production of oil without Standard
pipe^ lines. .
-And as the Standard Oil Company owns
and reaps the profits from all the pipe
lines, so the "Mergenthaler-Horton Bas-
ket Machine Company, j owning all the
basket machines ' and operating them
Itself, -.will exercise the same control over
the fruit markets of the country.
REGULATES SUPPLY AND
SHIPMENT OF FRUIT. \ .
share of the stock a yotingr share and giv-
ing to every investor, no • matter ¦ how
small, the profit to which he Is entitled.
• .The company has no preferred stock, no
bonds and no debts; all its shares are
common shares, and every person Invest-
ing at the present : price becomes part . of
the great popular syndicate which is fur-
nishing the money for this great enter-
prise..
• : ' "». - --.'i"-> <¦ ij"^- ; 4 ;'•• •
B.KATSCHINSKi
PHIUDELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
7i'« have rftcraUy added to our equipment a Rochester Incandescent Tube for looking
Into the Bladder. Prolate Gland ana Anterior and Posterior Urethra. "We cordially invite
all physicians who have complicated or obstinate cases of either urethral discharges or
functional diKc-rdfr* arising from pathological changes In prostate ,to" call and ejuunlne, or
if a/vomrianied t>y patients to test this recently perfected and long-wished-for addition
to mrdir-al *cj«>nr«>. The Information It gives In diagnosis and treatment of urethal dls-
rhanres and functional disorders can only bS appreciated by those who have been en-
llghtrticd by its revelation* The exactness and dlntlnctlvones* with which it enables
ur to discover and trrat granulations, polypi. Inflammatory patcTien, «roeions and ulcers, re-
MK.rn.lbJe for bo many obstinate and Inexplicable cases, cannot be superseded by any other
Instrumental contrivance in us© Concentrated applications necessary for the cure of cer-
tain condition* can he ma<5e directly to tha dlneascd area, that. If used as an injection,
wou!d dertrcy the healthy mucous membrane of the cnnnl. < _
In addition to all the above It enables us to presage relai>ses and pronounce an a»so-
1«U eure. .blch may t>e of the utmoat ¦™°$*"%^%' t J^«£!fc t9 for Men .
897 Market street, corner Sixth.
--_ TJ . ¦ A . ¦ « ¦¦until n aafl ¦¦ fci ¦ - — - ' '
DISORDERS OF MEN
MAKING A SPECIALTY OF
Notice to Physicians
SPECIAL, ATTENTION GIVEN TO
Varleocele, Contagious Blood Diseases
and Acute and Chronic Urethral and
Prostatlc Inflammations. Consultation
free end no charge whatever for treat-
ment of any case in which cure Is not
effected. fV>
ENTIRE FLOOR OF 22 ROOMS -AR-
Tanped for prompt and private treat-
ment. Our latest addHlon—Kotary Irriga-
tion — has reduced time for curing acute
or chronic contracted diseases more than
one-half. •Varlcocele permanently . cured
In five days by Rapid Vibration. No cut-
ting or detention from business.
F. L. T&'crtt, M. D , or Dr. Talcitt & Oo t 997 Market StreeN Cor. Sixth.
Practice Confined to
Contracted and Functional
Disorders . «/ M en
Dr. Talcott & Go.,
Strictly Reliable
baskets could not be promptly secured,
6r when it was possible to secure them
their cost was' almost prohibitive because
of the hand-labor involved in the manu-
facture. The California fields have as yet
been but partlany^ppeired'tip because of
the great cost' of" securing baskets "to move
the crop across the continent, and yet the
demand for fruits of all kinds is steadily
growing for every purpose.
Never was there a greater need "than
Some idea of the prospects of this com-
pany may be gathered from the fact that
the cost of making the present yearly sup-
ply ¦ of baskets will be reduced fully
TWO MILLIONS of dollars for ¦ labor
alone. Even if the company succeeds In
doing.no more for Its stockholders than
dividing up as profit the saving they, ef-
fect In labor, the dividends will be enor-
mous; but when it is taken' into account
that this company will -entirely control
the basket-making industry and > will
make for those who hold its stock all the
money now made by the many small bas-
ket concerns the possibilities of the com-
pany In the way of Income become almost
fabulous.
Looking into the strength of the patents
upon which the Mergenthaler-Horton Bas-
ket Machines are made one finds them
almost without precedent in breadth and
fundamental value. • No -more: -secure
basis for great business success can there
be than that enjoyed by the owners - of
these patent?. Law firms of * national re-
pute have passed on the patents, and find
them based on such absolutely hew prin-
ciples that they stand alongside of those
which protect the great Linotype In their
monumental solidity. This guarantees to
TWO MILLIONS SAVED.
shape of strips, called veneers, being fed
into the opposite side, cannot be faith-
fully shown by any photograph: but the
operation of the machine is absolutely
fascinating because the work comes from
it completed, and, from a mechanical and"
commercial standpoint, beautiful.
Commission merchants . who have han-
dled fruit in baskets made by these ma-
chines now demand that their shippers
pack In such baskets Instead of the hand-
made. This, of course, has been, and still
is. for the most part, an impossibility,
since there are only about forty machines
manufactured and In operation; but with
the present far-reaching plans of the ten
million dollar company that has -under-
taken to develop thW great commercial
and manufacturing enterprise, the use of
the machine basket will soon become uni-
versal from the Atlantic to the Pacific. ¦
Few people understand how great an
Industry the making of baskets for our
great fruit crops has become, or how
much effort the getting together of the
enormous number of baskets every year
involves. When you take into account
that it requires over TWO BILLION
BASKETS to hold and market the grapes
and berries and peaches of this country
the importance of the saving of labor in
connection with the manufacture of bas-
kets becomes instantly j>!ain. This vast
number of new baskets is now required
every year for our fruit, and the demand
is constantly increasing as fruit-growing
projects multiply. < In many sections of
our country whole train loads of berries
and grapes have gone to waste because
TWO BILLIONS OF BASKETS
PER YEAR.
Fancy a single Berry Basket Machine
that will turn out twelve thousand com-
plete quart berry baskets a day— TWEN-
TY BASKETS A MINUTE.
earn for its owner a profit of *3Q to $43
per day!
Fancy a single machine that will turn
out. day after day. over 4003 complete
grape baskets,' worth from $60 'to $80, and
These Basket Machines are so wonder-
fully efficient that one machine, with one
girl operator, does the work of twelve
expert handworkers and does its work
perfectly, -turning; out baskets that ate
absolutely uniform, stronger and better
In every way than handworkers can pos-
sibly produce.
In the same way that the Linotype has
superseded typesetting by hand and the
sowing machine has made sewing by hand
an almost forgotten thing, the automatic
Basket Machines Invented by Ottmar
Mergenthaler and Emmett liorton are
doing away with making baskets by hand
labor, which until the introduction ot
these machines was the only known way
of making baskets for our Immense crops '
of grapes, berries, peaches and general
fruit. They are lifting this great and
growing industry out of the plodding stage
and driving it by leaps and bounds into I
the forefront of progression.
If there should be any person who does
not know all about the wonderful llerg-
enthaler Linotype machines and what
they have done for typesetting all over
the world, let such person Inquire of some
friend who is a printer or publisher.
All discriminating investors know that
the great secret of the success of the
Mergenthaler Linotype Company is that
It is founded upon the 60lld rock of Ott-
mar Mergen thaler's invention, which
saves money and controls Its field.
All Investors know how the prosperity
of the Mergenthaler Linotype Company
has developed Into almost phenomenal
proportions. They know, too, how the
announcement of Its great dividends
arouses the envy of all who have no hold-
ing- of the stock.
Everybody knows- the wonderful. Lino-
type invented by Ottmar Mergrenthaler;
how it revolutionized typesetting and
made the modern newspaper possible.
Nearly -everybody knows how repeated
efforts have been made to copy and In-
fringe upon this marvelous creation, and
how the courts have always sustained and
protected Mergenthaler because his in-
vention and the letters patent covering It
were so absolutely fundamental in char-
acter- and claims.
Basket-Making by Hand Superseded by the Work of the
Most Marvelous Machines Ever Set in Motion.
Large Profits for the Big Company which is farmed to do
the Entire Basket Business of the United States.
Stock offered to the Publx at fifty Cents a
Share (Par Value $1.00). Full Paid
and Non-Assesscb e.
REVOLUTION IN A GREAT INDUSTRY
ANOTHER MERGENTHALER INVENTION WHICH RIVALS
THE FAMOUS LINOTYPE. M
BILLIONS OF BASKETS and
that now supplied by these machines for
multiplying .baskets without* limit and
bringing them easily' and quickly to the
place where they are needed. Never was
there a more perfect accomplishment than
that r.ow shown in the Mergenthaler-
Horton Basket Machines, which, work
with almost human ingenuity and. with a
precision characteristic of the mechan-
ical exactness of the inventor's mind.
The picture in this article shows the
machine in operation, and the illus-
trations of the product of the machinps
in all their everyday appearance . show
the wcrk of toe Inventor and the work
of his machine.
It Is difficult by 'a photograph to give
any adequate idea of the impression
these machines create upon . the mind
or one who observes their, work for the
first time. The endless stream of bas-
Kets coming away from the machine, ab-
solutely complete and perfect in every
detail, with the raw "material in _, the
NEW 'AD VEBTISEMENTB.
In justice to earlier share holders,
and to avoid -the over-subscription
which occurred on a previous allot-
ment of the stock, the right is re-
served to reject any subscription at
50 cents at the discretion of the of-
ficers of the company.
(Full paid and non-assessable.)
$1.00 PAR VALUE.
PRESENT PKICE
50 CENTS PER SHARE.
company Is merely a matter of develop-
ment? jrgt i ?&&t**mm*!t
the Mcrgenthaler-Horton Basket Machine
Company a long and prosperous' life, and
to its stockholders a most attractive and
satisfying return for Investment.
For the purpose of manufacturing and
equipping a large number of these ma-
chines for the manufacture of grape bas-
kets, berry baskets, . peach baskets,, and
California fruit baskets, the i Mergen-
thaler-Horton Basket Machine. Company
will for a limited time dispose of a lim-
ited amount of their stock, so that every
person may, if he or she acts promptly,
secure an Investment which is certain to
bring them great returns. Under i this
plan, and for the purposes stated, as well
as for the purpose of equipping plants In
various parts of the country, the com-
pany will retain among its own original
holders a ' large I number of enthusiastic
men and women who have become justly
entitled to the gtjeat profits which will
accrue from their early investment In the
company. : - : '¦_•; .. ¦
It is the purpose of the Mergenthaler-
Horton . Basket Machine Company to di-
vide their proft ts among j the many . In-
stead of the few, and provide against the
control of the company getting intov'the
hands of a "syndicate", by making every
rights on an article or a 'process accom-
plishing a legitimate mission in the com-
mercial: and Industrial world. Out of
nearly every big success to-day some few
men have made great fortunes.. .- ¦•¦'¦
; The country Js so vast and the transpor-
tation facilities so excellent now for all
kinds of fruit that the fields of California
and Georgia, of Florida and Michigan, of
Arkansas and Maine, of Louisiana and
. The grap<». fruit and berry seasons of
our country are not confined to a few
weeks.
\r|S^^cdj^s
I Extract from a Description of tha Mergenthater- Norton tj
Macbjnes. Made by a Reporter Who Visited the Factory of the i]
Robison Basket, Co , at Painesville, Ohio. Where All Visitors. B
are Welcomed. |j
m "IN MT OPINION AND THAT OF OTHERS. THE LINOTYPE IS A SECOND- §
II ARY MACHINE AS A MECHANICAli PROPOSITION TO THE HORTON BASKET H
H MACHINE. ' ' ' . " " <. " . Ij
H V "FIFTY-ONE POSITIVE MOVEMENTS. MADE WITH THE ACCURACY OJT H
H A CHRONOMETER. ALL. WITHIN SIX SECONDS OF TIJTE. and all to turn out a l\
B simple IRtle grape basket. . i vl ' ' fcj
p| "The floor epace taken up by the machine may be CO inches by 30 inches. Into £]
B j the perpendicular receiver the girl operator piles a hundred basket bottoms, and H
B into the other receivers she plies sides and binding strips. The machine loaded with B
El stock, the lever is pulled, and. presto, a bottom is transferred from under the pile ¦
H and carried to the form. It has hardly reached the torn] before a side- Is in place, fjj
M which. In turn, is met by the inside and outside top strip.- and the bottom strip. H
M all of which are met with the simultaneously self-made; staples, securing the pieces H
S3 as the basket is made up. Side after aide is added, each one fitting accurately to it« k|
H . place and being at once clinched home by the staples. All these movements are W
H - going on, and as surely as the second-hand of your watch gets through the sixth H
H second a completed basket drops upon the floor." It
THE MERGENTHAIER-HORTON*
BASKET MACHINE CO.
: CAPITAL : - : ";'.'•..> " $10,000,000
' ' r;..v OFFfCEflS:
¦ President, H. H. WARNER. Treasurer, CHARLES R. BARLOW.
y Secretary, SIDNEY B. WHITLOZK, . v :;;;
- ,TKAN3F E * ACBHTSi I S a1 Fraricl3C3 Otce:
The Corporation Trust Co, Rcoffl g07 Examifler mi]n |
' OF flf BW YORK.: I.
IAN EAStER NOVELTY.
At Easter ladies like to appear in
their new- gowns., -Nothing adds
more to their appearance than nob- .
by and snappy footwear.. Here are
I our Easter specials: ¦¦¦'¦:-
Ladies' fine patent .leather . lace
shoes, duil 1 matt kid tops, new coin
toes and French Uouls XV heels;
nattier in style and better in ap-
pearance than shoes offered for
more money elsewhere. All sizes
and widths; the price only $2.35.
— —' '*' tlJ ' " iH 4% im *
THREE-STRAP^ ANDALSi
A. sandal -like this ia not offered ¦
every day for 51.35, so come and be
fitted. . : . . ¦
w I>adies*. fine vici kid three-strap
¦ sandals, coin •' toes,-' hand turned
- soles and French 'heels; all sizes '
'" and' widths. Price $1.35.' -
. We have a complete line of la-
i dies', misses' and children's sandals
and slippers for Easter In all styles
and colors. ( ...
!.:¦ - Easter rabbits given free to chll-
, dren with every purchase. -' :.i •. .:
COUNTRY ORDERS'. SOLICITED.-
IPHILADELPHJAiSHOE CO.
I O THIRD -STREET.
. . " . £an 1 'Francisco. ; •
.^*fj^% *l BEST FOR YM BOWELS
yO^oSaiJjjy O i\ x" CATHARTIC
\ ¦'"'¦' ' ' " ' '.' CAtfCARETS, CASCARKTS
V ¦ ¦ ¦ . - taste good. Est them Increase tho flow of . | .
munv , like candy.' They re- miDcinsursiagmoth- BfSAtl FAB
CANDY- '" moT9 any' bad taste er*. A tablet eaten 8008 FOR
wn»wi. in tha month, learinif by the mother makes " wwi ? • ¦*"•-,
AITU1DTIA the breath street and her milk mildly pure- HftTHPRS
1 UA I liafi I III perfumed. It h a atlre and has a mlM EilUlRCnd
-y .-¦'.-¦ ¦ real pleasnre to take but certain effect on --¦•-.•,¦•
' ' ' them instead of nan- the baby, the only ¦ ?
seating Mqulds or cannon-ball pUlp. ,- ea'a laxative for the babo-in-*rm«. . -,
¦'~ CASCABKTS ..... CASCAItETS '
are purely -vegetable arc liked by tho chil-
rtliriFI V • and contain no mer- dren. They ta«t» ¦ ... Ripiap .' '
PURELY s»ft«k«*?!fe SS^d^Sfi. 1^ PUASE
VFft£TARI P are made of the lat- eramps. and kill and TUP Mill OR?!
ICUblADLC ett remedies dt*eoT> drivo oiT vorms and I lit UlilLUllCIl
¦ •-.-...-.- . ered and are a tcien- all kind* of para- »Tfca*^
, ' , ' tifte combination »lte» that live in the * ' '
nerer before put together in any form. . ' bowels of the growing child.
'- ' '' -'- *¦¦ ' _¦' CASCARKTS CASCAKETS '
¦ - are anticeptle. • That taken patiently, per- j
lUTICFnTin mean* the/ stop un- slstently, are gnaran - Mitnp
. ANTISEPTIC «ffi» ta % i *s- sr^sas?,^: : CURE ,.
UXATIVE W; rr.te? w o? ld P t, n r d . BOARAHTEED
¦ bowels ana kill dU- chase money Trill be
'." ' ea»« terms of any cheerfully refunded ' ' •
kind that breed and feed In the system. :. ¦ by your own drucgiKi.
. ! 'J. ...... CASCAKETS ..... CASrATMTTK
;- tone the itomach- and aro sold bv all drug- 1 I
I IlfFB bowels mil stimulate pUts for 10c, 25c, ll-iITU
llVCn the Uiy llTer, rnaii- COc a box, accord- ntALTH
«-........._ Ina it work., They ing to site. A 10c """"
- STIUI1L1NT strengthen the bow- box will prove their CflB {rt PPHT?
OllmULAm , els and put them into merls and put you on TUn IU b£H I O
- • '- -.-¦¦¦ . vlcnrons healthy the rlehS road to pei» <¦ '
¦•* , .. . condUion, maklnf feet and permanent 1 . ¦'
. their action eas/ and natural. - - health,. Don'* risk delay.
Don't judge CASCARETS by other medicines 70a have tried. They are
new, unlike anything else that's sold, and infinitely superior. Try a ten-cent
* ' \«^<ij ¦ ox today, if not pleased get your money back!
l/P (P t 1 7^* T 1 * 6 , • Larger boxes, 25c or 50c. Sample and booklet
I (U(UH»r only genuine. -.,... '.., -x r
K~_~__J Beware of mailed free^ Address 557
\^S^ESSF Imitations I stehliho REMEDY co.,chiiaoo; MOfiTniAL.OAn.; ncwTon*.
The past year's demands for fruit |
baskets • amounted to over TWO BIL- H
LION BASKETS; worth at wholesale td
over ELEVEN MILLION DOLLARS., M
These baskets were all made by H
-hand. The'savlng In labor by the use of I
5 the Mergenthaler-Horton Basket Ma- K
chints amounts to more than TWO . a
MILLION DOLLARS ANNUALLY. • B
The profits of the manufacturers of El
these 'hand-labor baskets amounted to II
-'¦$1,387,000. ' . . '' H
This gives earnings for the Company H
' of-OVER THREE MILLION THREE K
HUNDRED THOUSANb DOLLARS. M
OR OVER THIRTY-THREE PER' H
CENT ON THE ENTIRE CAPITAL -H
ON THE PRESENT VOLUME OF H
' BUSINESS, and' the demand for fruit D
baskets of all kinds is increasing at the ¦
rate ot 150,000,000 baskets per year. m
. ' - '— " "in iii » mi in it 1 T 11 1 1
3 Lstof United States Patents Granted %
l| on the Mergenlhaler-'riortan §1
| , Basket Mact.ints. . H
3 ":30,04s, November 27th, 1894. y
I 578,876, March 16th, 1807. "¦¦•¦^ S
587,734, August 10th, 18Q7. 0
635,374, October 24th. 1899. i\
635,723, October 24th, i8a(>. ,. u
635,724, October 24th, 1899.^ y
. 635,725, October 24th, 1899- d
635.726, October 24th, 1899. ||
666,755, January 29th, 1901. f|
680,149, August 6th. 1901. a
1680,726, August 24th, 1901. M
690,322, December 31st, 1901. fl
Solicitors for the Company: |j
FLETCHER, McCUTCHEON & BROWN |
! , ( NEW YORK- H; SON FOR- "WHOM SUBPENA WAS
I .,'ISSUED-;ANr>' FATHER WHO
;V TOOK 'HIS PLACE ON JURY.
Buns Over . a Street-Sweeper.
! "William A. Hamilton, a painter em
ployed by Shaw&'Donavan on Fillmore
street, was arrested yesterday on Market
street by Officer J. S. O'Neill on the
charge of fast driving: and battery. Ham
ilton drove over an old man named H. B.
Smith, .employed by Gray Brothers as a
street sweeper. Smith was taken to tbe
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. Arml
stead dressed the fingers of his left hand,
which were badly bruised.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
Spring medicine to purify the blood. Consti
pation, Biliousness, Sick Headaches; 10c, 25c •
28
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLy SimDAY, MARCH 23; 1902.
HOLLISTEB. March 22.— H. D. Matthews
and Paul Shoup of the Santa Clara Valley > Im
provement Club laat nirbt orranized the San
Benlto County Improvement Club here, «with
a membership- of 200.
Come and See Them.
Ladies' Vlci Kid Button Shoes, all sizes
and widths, at 40c and 75c a pair. Mon
arch Shoe Co., 1422 Market.'* •
Purim Ball To-Night.'
The prize masquerade ball of the San
Francisco Hebrew Social Club will take
place in Union-square Hall this evening.
Eight prizes will be distributed at this,
the last of the Purim Festival, for the
handomest costume and the most original
and the best sustained characters.
Opera Glasses.
You can buy a pair of Opera Glasses to
day for $10 80 usually sold at $12 to (15 of
the Berteling Optical Company, 16 Kearny
street. An opera glass is a beautiful pres
ent, not entirely for Christmas, but for an
engagement, birthday or Easter gift; then
again they can be used the year, round.
They are in season. I .*
It is now conceded . that Edward I.
Walsh, the Union Labor candidate' Tor
Supervisor, will be returned a winner by
the recount.- There are only, twenty-twc
precincts yet to be counted and he is ,229
votes ahead of Fred Eggers. Though
Walsh has Jost heavily during; the last
days of the recount,' his average loss per
precinct is not,.heavy .enough to.adipit-of
a possibility- of Eggers passing him.' Finn
and Reagan are out of the race and Bent
and Wilson have safe leads, thus reducing
the contest to a battle between Eggers,
Alpers and Coghlan. Coghlan leads ;A1
pers by thirty-one votes, and Alpers - is
ahead of Eggers fifteen .Votes, r - Both- Al
pers and Eggers clahn that they will pass
Coghlan, as in the. precincts yet to be
counted Coghlan has -the -largest vote,
and in consequence .will suffer heavier
losses In the recount. - '.-".'.
Egrgers, Alpers and Coghlan are display
ing 1 a great deal of anxiety .over the : re
count. For the last .week they have at
tended court, daily, and • have closely
scanned the ballots in -the hope of "discov
ering a defect that-' will- cause- a loss* to
their opponents./ ._¦•¦' -r _ , • = . . .• •- . . - y .•
The five precincts counted yesterday;
the Fifteenth and Sixteenth of Jhe Thirty
fourth, the Ninth rfnd Fourteenth o£-the
Thlrty-flfth and the Fifth of the Thirty
sixth, resulted in the following losses:
Alpers 21. Bent 21, Eggers 22, Wilson 21,
Coghlan 26, Reagan 24, Walsh 25 and Finn
27. The present standing of the contest
ants is as follows: ¦. ¦ ¦¦ . •
Official Loes to " Present
Vote. Date. Standing.
Alpers 15,040 .1,374 14,66«
Bent 16.112' 1,316 14,796
Kgsers 15,953 1,412 . 14,541 '
Wilson ... 16,517 • .1,222 / 15.295 ¦
Coghlan ...' .15.686 . • 1,080 ' 14,597,
Reapan 15,434 1,117' . 14,817.
"VValsh 15.886 1.116 14, 770 V
Finn 15,505 1,095 14,500
Recount Is Now Battle
Between Alpers, Eg
gers and Cognlan.
CONCEDE WALSH
WILL WIN OUT
UTEW ¦' BESTKOYJEB^ BABB.Y
HECEIVES;. CHRISTENING
Tair Descendant of the Famous Com-
modore Participates in tlie
¦. v : launching Ceremony.
, PHILADELPHIA, -March 22. — The
Barry,'; the third; of the series of torpedo-"
boat destroyers .which; have been ; built for
the United States 'Government by Beafle
&:. Levy, was laurithed at noon to-day.
Miss '• Charlotte Barnes, ; a •; descendant : of
Commodore < Barry, ¦ after 'whom ¦ the craft
Is named, christened i the 'boat. : The; little
fighter had steam up ¦when' the launching
took place and took a short spin down the
Delaware: River. ,
H.The Barry is 245 fee.t long with a twen
ty-three-foot " beam; She , will . have ' 450
tons', displacement, thirty-tons more than
the : original ; contract ' called :- for. -¦'; .The
speed originally contracted for was twen
ty-nine knots, > but on - account of - the >. ln
creased v displacement' it: .will .be -.twenty-"
eight knots. ; The epgrlnes are four cylin
der, triple expansion of 8000 estimated; 8500
actual . horsepower. She " will ; carry • flvo"
six-pounders and two twelve-pounder
rapid-fire : rifles.-^gg^Cni;£SSSS3n93SS^S
\ '• ¦ ' " V — — — * ?'¦ ' '
For moving: and etorlng'try Beklns Van and
Storage Co.'. C30 Market 1 street. , ' •
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay.
.SAN JOSE,. March '22.— The Security Sav
ings Bank of 'San Jose has been merged Into
tho Seeurity State Bank. " which , filed articles
of .incorporation to-day. The new concern
h&B a paid I up capital of 1100,000 and will do
a commercial, and savings business. .' V
BAKERSFIELD. March '22.— The block «ig
cak r> Btem, which has been in operation for
a Tear between Caliente - and Tehache pi, has
proved of such benefit that it will be extended
from Caliente to Band Cut. ' ..
PERSONAL.
J. H. Topley, a leading druggist of Val
lejo, is at the Grand.
A. Taylor, a leading merchant of Ma
dera, is at the Grand.
•William. A. Garland, a well known real
estate dealer of Los Angles, is staying
at . the Palace.
W. H. Bancroft, an officer of the Denver
and Rio Grande Western Railroad Com
pany, and wife, are registered at the Oc
cidental.
¦John A. Kasson, ex-Minister to Ger
many, arrived • from Washington last
evening and registered at the Occidental.
, Talk over the details while you lunch at
the Cafe Zlnkand. '."%'..] ,-¦ '*.'
been' announced-; it -was discovered that
Bernard i; Sherry ',':< one "; of • the Jurorsj had
been; acting as proxy, for his sonrJohn H.
Sherry; one of. the; talesmen on the panel.
Duncan's 'attorneys now claim /that the
juror's. -blunder, gives' them good;] ground
to hope forithe ultimate release of their
client. ".'-. ' •: • -. .' * - ' . ¦
• After the jury had* been polled and; the
Judge had instructeed the clerk-- to; record
the verdict Attorney Barrett, for; the 'de,
fendant, asked, before the' jury was" div
charged whether .any. juror in; the .box
had not- been . subpenaedv In .the.caso,
whose name was never in the Jury-box
and who was not : sworn under his true
name to try the case. . - '
; The Judge ordered each Juror to -an
swer his name," and when "John H. Sher
ry" was -called' a Juror, answered: "No,
sir. My name is. Bernard Sherry. I an
swered for my son."
"Your name Is not John H. Sherry?"
asked Barrett.
"No; ns7 son was subpenaed,". was the
reply. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
"Your name was never drawn from the
Jury-box?" again asked Barrett, and the
reply was: "No. I am serving for him."
Barrett thereupon objected to tho ver
dict being recorded or' received,- which
was overruled by the Judge and an ex
ception taken.
"We ask," said Barrett, "at this, time
that the verdict be set aside on the
ground that no twelve men chosen to
serve as jurors have served In this, case,
: and upon the ground that there is no an
swer to the name of John H. ¦ Sherry.
There has been no legally constituted
jury of twelve- men pass upon this man's
case." '. ¦ ; • . '¦
Jury Had Been Polled.
OLD CIVIL WAR SCOUT
SEARCHES FOR DAUGHTER
Trail of a Long-Lost C V~
; Child.
"The. record discloses," repelled the
Judge, "that the jury had been polled : on
the verdict and that each had answered
that that was his verdict; that the court
had ordered that the verdict be recorded;
the verdict was recorded and the jury an
swered collectively thereto, and. then thU
motion was made."
"Yes," eald Barrett. "-We save an ex
ception." '¦-".:¦"-
When the jury was being discharged
Barrett asked if .he' might. interrogate
them at that time,., but the/Judge de
clined to ' entertain » any . further proceed
ings," to which Barrett ¦ took an , exception.
The case was called yesterday : morning
and continued for Judgment till next Fri
day, when Barrett will again renew his
motion to set aside the verdict.' He claims
that the law is with him and If the ver
dict should be set aside he will plead once
in jeopardy. - \
The most- extraordinary . part of the
whole business Is'- that , the Juror was
never- directly asked If his name : was
John H. Sherry. : The case was first called
on March 3, when the attorneys for the
defendants asked for a'change of venue.
A panel of seventy-five talesmen was in
attendance and. they were /instructed to
return March 5 after the Judge had con
tinued the case till then. On March 5 the
Man Who Served With Custer -on
- TACOMA, March 22.— W; J. Seymour, a
noted' scout during the Civil War_ under.
Hancock! and Custer, ; Ib searching Puget
Sound for his'. daughter, Alice ' Lorina
Warren, whom he had supposed dead 1 for
nearly thirty' years.; in;' a: pe
culiar way .he ' learned that she was alive,;
but' he has not as yet been able to locate
her. ' ¦¦¦.". / . ./ _\ v - .' .: .
-After the Civil ., War Seymour joined
Custer on the" plains 'and .married -under
the name of Bill Warren. ' His daughter
was four years ' old : when : he and • his ; wife
separated. From that time 1 he : has never
seen his daughter.. A few. weeks ago Sey
mour saw ¦; the ; name ' of Dell Lampnam in
the Sound papers: in -connections with the
Consldine murder -'; trial. Knowing " that
hls : former wife 'had a. nephew: named
Lampham Seymour opened' a correspond
ence, finding, him .to '¦:¦' be ; theTsupposed
nephew. ~ 4 \ Lampham astonished..' him -with
the news that his daughter ..was'- living 1 .
Seymour traced her from-Kaflispell, Mont.V
to Everett and is now searching further.
Officers: "Will Start Westward With
Man Wanted for Robinson Mur
der as Soon as Possible.
Police Officer C. H. Taylor, wlio was
sent to Fort in Manitoba, to
identify the man under arrest there. and
who was supposed to be William . Kauff
mann, one of the* six men wanted In con
nection with the murder of Police Officer
Eugene *C. Robinson, on Valencia . street,
near Sixteenth,' on January 20, notified
Captain of Detectives Seymour last night
that the prisoner was one of the men
wanted. As soon as the necessary extra
dition papers can .be secured Taylor and
Detective Wren will start westward with
their prisoner. ¦ ¦. . .¦
Taylor was particularly well qualified
for this duty, because it was while Kauff
mann was attempting: to run away that
Taylor fired at him and wounded him.
All of the gang, with the exception of
"Kid" Goucher, have been caught.
MANITOBA. PRISONER *IS ~ -i \ \
identified; by r tatlor
/defendant's^ attorneys- withdrew their re
'quest!-for-a change. of, venue and the ex;
;'ariilnation'.of . the- jurors! was commenced.
three were chosen-- and the Judge
ordered ! an additional -venire of seventy
five''.talesmen..-The-Judge had made it
returnable at. 9:30 a. m. v 4larch 6, and he
called each:of the.talesmen;up for exam
ination-before, the .court »:opened. When
.'JohnfH. Sherry was "his father
stepped up 'to: the bench and the Judge
asked ¦"- him'/.' 7 as to' ' his qualifications,
whether he ,'Was on "the assessment roll,
residence, any legal reasons why he
should not -act,, and so forth.
'-: i ''I V-IVWas' Among First Called.
; ' Then' when he was the first of the nine
men called' to' the;. box to be examined by
counsel the first question asked him by '
Assistant District Attorney Alford was
VWhat is your residence address?" After
answering- a' number- ¦ of. 'i questions At
torney Barrett's first "question was, "Mr.
Sherry, are you at all familiar with -the
facts in this case?" And so on till he.
was - accepted. At all times when the
names of the jurors ;- were called during
¦the progress of the trial: Bernard- Sherry
answered to- the-name of John H. Sherry.
.-¦•. When seen at his office, '305 Front street,
yesterday, -Bernard Sherry refused to dis
cuss the matter. "I- have had a talk with
the Judge- and I have decided not to say
anything, about the matter," he said. "I
do not- want any publicity over this af
fair.- I am not to blame. I simply thought
that they wanted a man and anybody
•would'do. It is -the fault of the deputy
sheriff who subpenaed me. He said it
would be all right, that anybody would
Opinion -of Lawyers.
- At this juncture John H. Sherry, a son
of the old gentleman, came to his rescue
and interjected, "Now, don't make any
statement of that sort; you don't mean
that. Say it might be the faultof the
deputy sheriff." - , .
"Well," said the Juror, continuing, "You
know how they do in the Police Court:
They come in here. and pick out Anybody
they want."
• "I don't think the error makes much
difference," said District Attorney Bying
ton when seen. "There As a similar case
reported among the early day cases of
California. It was a civil case, and the
Supreme Court held that It did not make
any difference whether. or not the juror
was the one for which the' subpena was
Issued. 1
Among the legal fraternity there seems
to be a well defined opinion that Duncan
cannot be^ tried , again for his offense. .It
is the consensus of oplnlon'that both the
trial court and the Supreme Court will
hold that way when the matter Is brought
up for hearing.
. Whether Sherry's blunder is the -result
of, his ignorance of the law or whether
there is another motive, behind it is not
known. The general impression, however,
Is that Sherry. simply went into the jury
box thinking that so long as he qualified
as a Juror it did, not make any difference
what his name was. .As a- result of his
blunder •• there is ¦ quite a likelihood that
Duncan will . be, set at liberty. At all
events it will cause a legal entanglement
that - will undoubtedly keep .the case In
court for a long- period. j >
"I am hopeful that : Sherry's act will
constitute what is; known ¦ in legal par
lance as once in Jeopardy," said Attorney
Barrett when . seen " last night. "If it
does, and I have good reasons for believ
ing . that it . does, ¦ our client 'will be ¦. dis
missed. At the very worst our client will
be entitled i to "a : new- trial by 'twelve con
stitutional ; Jurors. ¦ However, I feel ; quite
hopeful that we -can; show that the life
of our client has been already in jeopardy
through' legal error* and, ' therefore, there
will be . nothing ; for the court to do but
dismiss him • from custody.
Investigation into the affairs of the
School Department of San Francisco may
result in the collection of back rents. An
expert who has looked into the records
Is convinced that Maximilian Popper owes
the city the sum of $8370.
In 1S92 Popper leased from the Board of
Education for a term of ten years from
July 1, 1S92. that certain school lot, to
gether with the improvements thereon,
situate on the north side of Post street,
midway between Grant avenue and Stock
ton street, occupied by four stores, a
Turkish bathing- establishment, and some
furnished rooms, at a monthly rental of
5755. payable monthly in advance. Up to
and including: the 1st day of January,
1895, he paid the rent as agreed to in the
lease, but rinding that he did not make
quite as much money out of this transac
tion as he had made out of street, sweep
ing, custom-house and mail contracts, he
persuaded successive Boards of Education
to reduce the rental to 5600 per month for
certain specified times herein mentioned.
December 26, 1894, he was granted a re
duction by the Board of Education to $600
per month for one year from January 1,
1695. On February 12, 1896, he was, on the
recommendation of the Judiciary- Com
mittee of the Board of Education, granted
a reduction from $755 per month to $(500
per month from the 1st day of January,
1S96, to the 1st day of January. 1837.
On the -28th of December, 1896, he was,
on recommendation of the same commit
tee, granted a similar reduction from $755
lo $600 per month from, the 1st day of
January. 1S37, to the 1st day of January,
1898. The records of the Board of Educa
tion have been carefully searched, and
they disclose the fact that no further re
ductions were ever made during the cal
. endar years of 1898, 1899. 1900, 1901 to,the
end of the lease, expiring July 1, 1902.
Popper has been paying rent at the rate
cf $600 a month ever since, although at no
time since the 1 1st day of January, 1838,
have the . directors of the board fixed the
rent at such, figure. Attorneys have ad
vised that when a lease is modified during
it*- life by consent of both parties ' such
modification only runs for the specified
time, and at the expiration thereof the
original terms of the contract become re
vived. There Is therefore due the • city
from Popper the sum. of $8370, being the
difference of $155 per month for fifty-four
months, or, rather, during the years of
189S. 1899, 1900. 1&01 and to July 1, 1902. Pop
per has given a bond of $5000 for • the
¦ faithful observance of all the conditions
of the lease, with Judah Boas and ePter
Joseph Kelly as sureties. Under a strict
and technical construction of his contract
he may possibly not be liable for more
than $41So. He may decline, however, to
plead the statute of limitations and pay
the city the whole amount due. It is said
that Popper has amassed money, stocks,
bonds; brick houses, frame houses and
real estate, and is therefore amply - able
to pay the amount justly due 'the School
Pepartment.
City on Back Rent
Account.
Sum of Money Is Due the
POPPER'S POST
STREET LEASE
FATH ER IM PERSONATES
SON IN THE JURY-BOX
k>hn A. Sherry Is Subpenaed as a Juror in Duncan Murder
Trial, but His Aged Parent Attends Gourtjn His Stead,
Is Selected to Sit in. the Case-: and Joins in the Verdict
A CASE that is unique in the,his
tory of jurisprudence, in 'this
State developed Friday evening
' when the jury in Judge Lawlor's
, court in the base of Edward Dun
can, charged with the murder: of George
W. Rice, the •_¦ non-union - machinist, at
Twentieth and Howard streets, on Octo
ber 11, brought in its verdict of murder In
the second degree. After the verdict had
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
<m.k WARNING
T^S^*> TO THE PUBLIC!
MR. GEORGE MAYERLE> the Gennan Kx-
rert Optician, -who has been- established at 1071
MARKET STREET nearly five years, Is in no
way connected with a party who opened next
door "to htm and calling themselves "Mayerle
& Co." ' Remember, GEORGE MAYERLE has
not moved. He is still ¦ at 1071 ¦ MARKET
STREET. When wishing to consult , Mr. May-
erle INSIST upon seeing Mr. George Mayerle
PERSONALLY. . i
A CROWN on every window indicates
GEORGE MAYERLE'S place. . ENTRANCE
1071.,/ - ;.,': v
ADMIHAIi GEOBGE BEWE Y, .
Who used Mayerle's glasses during the ' Span-
ish-American war, and is still using them
with much satisfaction, highly recommends Mr.
George Mayerle, and sends the following testi-
monial: . ' • .
' Mr. George Mayerle. German Expert Opti-
cian, 1071 Market St., S. F.— My Dear Sir: I
am still . using with much ' satisfaction » the
glasses you sent me at Manila ; : also, ; the | new
ones suit my eyes perfectly. Yours very truly,
GEORGE. DEWEY.
OFFICE CHIEF v OF P ,9^ IC^'
¦ It gives me much*' pleasure^to' recommend tq
the public Mr. GEPRGE.Mayerle-.pf »10Tl\Mar,i-
ket street. I have' been ; using glasses for' tr.e
past four years, 'and during that . time ' hava
consulted several opticians, but not until;. I
consulted MR. GEORGE Mayerle and had hltn
fit glasses to my eyes ' did' Is get - entire satis-
faction. Most «»P^»^ A^ ERS0 W. :
: Sergeant of Police, , Sah. Francisco. .:
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
x forwarded free to any address.
Our Best Qualltu 4-InGh Satin Llhertg and Satin Taffeta
Rlhhon, so muGh m^demand at the present time, full
assortment of spring colors. 3Oc Yard
Corded Taffeteu Wash Rlhhons, 3 and-S^ inches in width,
In the following colors; White, Pinks, Blues, Maize,
Cardinal, Nile, Lilac and Cream..... 15c Yard
Commencing MONDAY, March 24th,
we will display an elegant assortment of
NEW GOODS' OUR HOSIERY,
GLOVE, RIBBON, LACE AND
NECKWEAR" DEPARTMENTS.
We call particular attention
to the foflowing c spedal lines. "
Elegant Feather' Boas, in White, Black ana White, Gran,
Natural and Black, 11, U and 2 uards long.
Rlhhon and Llhertu Chiffon Ruffs, in Black, Black and
White, and White and Black,. Fancy Silk Croat Ties
and Tupn-oyer Collar Bands, Applinue Silk and
Chiffon Vestings; White, Cream, Apahlananri Black
All-over Nets j Llherta Chiffon and Net Rufflings
and Galon Band Trimmings;
Ladles' Extra Qualltn 2-Clasp'French- Kid Gloves, with
Paris Point emhroldered hacks, 1 all the new colors;
\ ¦ ., .--. alSOvBlack;... ........:..•. ..$1.:2S F»air
Regnier 2-Clasp Pkue Kid^and Suede Walking Gloves,
t :in- Black and colors, with handsome emhroidered
hacks..:;..:..-.... $1.5OPair
Ladies' Fancn Lisle Thread Hose, Printed, Striped and
Lace effects; ; all latest stales and colorings .........
.. c. .C:.....^.. ..,..5Oc Rair
TWO CARLOADS OF CflHPETS JVST in.' PRICES WAY DOWN*
.-, Free; delivery tc > Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., l«c
1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
WB CLOSE AT 6: P. M.' EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY. .
An Immense Line
Of new furniture. We can show
you the most •- correct and faultless
styles «in Parlor, Dininsr or Cham-
ber Suites, Kitchen Furniture and
Stoves, Carpets, Draperies, Rugs,
etc.— but. don't borrow any
money to buy of us.~
WE OWN OUR OWN BU1LDINQ-WE PAY NO RENT.""
Victorettes!
Handsome, new, up-to-date Cen-
ter Tables or Card Tables in eolden
oak finish— can be extended to
double the ordinary size — with
carved "pedestal or legs. Just the
thing to complete your furnishings.
•Prices very low.
GREENBERG &
GREENBERG
31-37 GRANT AYE., Cor. Geary St. .
FANCY: EMBROIDERED ROBES
SILK SKIRTS
WAISTS in all desirable textures
FEATHER BOAS-RUFFi
LACE TRIMMINGS
ALL-OVER GRASS LINENS -
SILKS
: HOSIERY :
underwear;
HANDKERCHIEFS
VEILINGS
neckwear ,
;leatker goods
BUCKLES AND BELTS H
NOTIONS, EtciV Etc.
GRMPERfi^fiREENBERfi
31-37 GRANT AVE., GoryGeary St.
: f ADVEBTISEMENTS. T.
the musical mystery which has San
Francisco guessing, has been taken
to Sherman, Clay & Co.'s store
Psycho (the man or dummy?) was taken over to Oakland
last night and exhibited in Sh*rman, Clay & Co.'s store, at
l 13th and Broadway. The crowd was every bit; as curious and
I puzzled as the people on this side of the bay.! They were divided ..
' as to whether the figure performing on 'the* Angelus Piano
j , Player was a human being: or wax dummy.^ ; - ¦
1 Psycho will continue on exhibition in Oakland Monday.
Tuesday and Wednesday, between the hours of 3 and 5:.V3 in the
I afternoons and 7:36 and 9 in the evenings. Thursday it will be
1 brought back to San Francisco, appearing in Sh'erman. Clay& -
\ Co.'s show window uo to Saturday night, when the expose of ..
\ Psycho will take place at an Angelus Piano Player Recital in
Sherman-Clay Hall. =•
Tickets to the expose free to adults only by applying to r
I Sherman, Clay & Co. on and after Thursday, March 27.
Sherman, Clay & Cb^
1 STEIN WAY PIANO DEALERS^
Cor. Kearny and Sutter Streets, Sah Francisco,
i Cor. f3th end Broadway, Oakland.
:" PIEBCE^S BEMEDIES.
DANGER, SiGSmLSJ
No engineerwould be mad enough, to
run by ftie flag -which signaled : danger.
What the danger -was he might not under-
stand,, but he would. take no chances.
It ) is different -with the average man of
•woman: ,They at- * /'_ k
tempt constantly —^-£E3£3^g«5 n
to run by the dan- Jg5e§K \
ger signals of^^S^k [
Nature and that |\ ;
attempt costs §r §1 I
thousands of lives . #a\ /« A
every year. "When the juB t^?« "
appetite ' becomes , irregu- JjL_
lar or entirely gives out, x^^S^r^l
when sleep "is troubled
and broken, when there
is a loss of flesh, when > I^^^S
there is a constant feel- _ f M&ggsM
ing, of dullness and Ian- /
guor, Nature is hoisting ' BbBJBBI
the danger signal. The (
stomach and its allied frUiP^
organs are failing in their . J^ffl^-
work and the body is lbs- ¦s^vMr--
ing the nutrition on which
its strength depends.
Such a condition calls m8£f~'
for the prompt use" of IDr. ~
Pierce's Goiden Medical JI~/^m' /
Discovery. It; cures dis- -^./^^9
} eases of the stomach and ¦
{ other organs of, digestion /r
; and { nutrition, purifies
and enriches the blood and builds up the
body with sound, solid flesh.
- :.« Your* kindness to meil can never forget,"
¦writes Mrs. Josie E. Clark, of Enterprise, Shelby
;Co., Mo. ::«! cannot express half my feelings of
[gratefulness to' you." I had despaired of ever,
':" getting -welL/-' I 'had been in bad' health for
i twelve years. Had aches all through me, numb '
j hands, cold feet, and everything I ate distressed
me; bowels constipated, was verv nervous, de-|
J. pressed and despondent;. In fact, I can't express,
', half my bad feelings to you.- -When I first wrote,
i to you "I thought I could never be cured.- ¦ I havej
I ' taken six bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical-
¦ Discovery, and my.; health • is I now ] good, g You-
r< have my honest recommendation to all suffer-,
'ere. I thick there is no medfdne in the world:
• as good as Dr. Pierce'a." - . -•-"• - "I
i . I£ constipated use Dr. ; Pierce's Pleas-
. ant ? Pellets. " They, cure : constipation,
j. biliousness and sick headache. | They do
j not produce the . w pUl : habit." - ; ' — 1
III.* 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
p spring styles for women p
p in all trjc oew leathers 1
m shapes. VPfeo^y// |
| As good \*fflgi|rill -'I
fk as aoy GP:?M&»^lV" J
% $5 °° W
/ /^^^^fWbI6HT<5>5on
new western hotel.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS-— RK-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO. 'European plan. . Rooms, COc to $1 60 day;
10 to *a week; $S to (20 month. Free batns;
hot and cold vrater every room; fire grates la
every l com; elevator runs all night.
B Eye Glasses are fitted with n
1 DOUBLE GRIP GUARDS §
pj (Patented.) J3
n Which never slip nor tilt,- fei
Wt and do not. wound the nose M
DDTTCUVC FOR BARBZUS.BAK.
DilUuiliJU *"• bootblic^s. batl»-
brewers, bookbinder*. csadT-maken, c&nntr*.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laondrtes. paper.
hangers, printers, painter*. «bo« factories.
•Ublemen. tar-roofers, tanner*, tailors, «te.
- BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento St
/ ., .
AIPP n HI! I I Corner FourtH and
I A L U 1 1 V A I Warlwt, S. F. Try w
uHl L llUlHL Bteam and Laser.
yi II L. tiU IMU fc Orercoat* and
I . valise* cbackadtra*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
I f WIT CAN * fft MO Battery 8tr««t.
J- t- ft LLoUil C WU-i Telepbon* Main 1804b
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO -SCTJISttr^
• . oils.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELU3,
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINT INC
E.CBDGHES. . Bifflggfca,.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
TBE HICKS-JTJDD CO.,
23 First street. San FraacUeo.
' ISMAR.
- . • . \
The El Paso Horror Foretold by Ismar, "the Wonderful Seeress,
Who Warned Geo. W. Hartley Not to Qo to Texas.
' One of the strangest coincidents of -the prophesied disaster. But one day he re-
El Paso train wreck was made, public a celved a telegram urging him to come to
*p-w Aavs sfn in thi> TpTst'niinon cnn. TjOB Angeles with all speed and thus
5 V™- w «t^ P f IL?tw forestall heavy financial losses. He related
cernlng George W Hartley/ a wealthy to a frlend on * the traln hls 8trange story
Calif ornlan, who,, about two months ago. an d Bald that he felt as If he were riding
was told by Ismar. the marvelous Gypsy to his death.-. He asked the conductor
Eeeress. tbat>if-he'went to Texas, as he who had charge of the engine,
contemplated doing, he would perish in a "Mast.", was the reply, and the infor-
. train <lisaster with a number of- others, mation made him turn Dale,
including the engineer and fireman. But Engineer ¦ Mast had repeatedly . told a
bUElness urged him ana he went to Texas number of 'his friends before hls depart-
In spite of the warning. .-• ure from El Paso that he felt that he
One day In El Paso he met. two of. his would never see them again, s
old boyhood friends— A. I* Mast, South- The world knows the rest,
cm Pacific engineer, and Captain Percy Both of tlre8e nj en received timely
Brown of Austin. They became ireminis- warning, from Ismar. the wonderful seer-
cent and a most startling circumstance ess# wno accurately saw what was in the
vm developed. Mr. Hartley related how, future. Had they heeded they would both
Just before leaving California, he had been be alive to-day. Her advice has proven
warned by Ismar, the Gypsy, prophetess, equa ny accurate In • of other
not to come to .Texas. At the mention pt cases. No matter in what- respect it is
the circumstance Mr. Mast was visibly 6 ought, it is equally valuable— valuable
agitated; and stated thaj ismar had , told in business/finance, speculation,, mining,
him. Eome years previously, while she love, matrimony or, any of the affairs of
was in El Paso. . that if be tfid not -quit life. . , - . •
railroading he would , be killed Jn a train Her- readings are strictly private' and
wreck In the third month the second confidential. • - Her readings , by : mail , are
year of the new century- So- forcibly was equally, satisfactory with those in person,
he wrought upon that he declared that Three questions. answered'^or:$l 00; full
after his. next trip he would retire from life reading, $5 00. Send date and year
the railroad. On the other • hand Mr. of birth!. ¦
Hartley was not less - affected " by the Ismar. can be. consulted daily from 10
stranire coincidence, and "resolved .that a. m. to 5 i>. m. Sundays from 10 to : 12
When he returned to California he would a."m.. at. her office, 1148 Market street,
do co by and thus 1 avoid' the opposite Sixth.DISTINGUISHED SPEAKERS WHO TOOK PART IN THE THIRTY-FOURTH /^ELEBRATTON OF "CHAR
,,';<TER DAY" AT THE STATE UNIVERSIY OF CALIFORNIA. AND PHOTOGRA1 ..S OF PROMINENT GUESTS
AND GATHERINGS OF STUDENTS ON THE CAMPUSJAT BERKELEY" DURING THE .FESTIVITIES.
An entertaining illustrated lecture was
given last night In the hall of the library
bunding. 31 Post street, by Henry Payot,
who spoke on "The Land of the Casta
net.". The lecturer told of the many beau
tiful cities of Spain and the historic fea
tures connected with each. The pictures
shown helped to make the Iceture erne of
great interest "to all
Lecture by Henry Payot
• BERKELEY, ;karch 22.— President and
Mrs. 1 - .Wheeler! held a v reception in J Heafstv
Hall this afternoon -in honor of Dr. Bliss
Perry, : their guest, arid the charter day
speaker. - i-.Tne hours of -,the reception
were- from- 4 to 6. President and .Mrs.
Wheeler - and Dr.-. Perry stood : on . a 1 largt
Turkish rug . near the c center • of ? the up
per hall.' .There the guests were received;
,who Included .: regents, 7 members of r. the
faculties and distinguished- people' from
DR. PERRY, THEIR QUEST.
President and ; Wheeler : Hold
- Reception in • Hearst Hall.'
'"Court Presidio No. 40. Foresters of
America, celebrated the twelfth 'anniver
sary of its Institution by a banquet last
night in a California street' rotisserie. "W.
J. Donlon, past chief ranger, presided as
toastmaster. After -the supper toasts
were - in . ' order. ¦ ¦ The grand chief
ranger. . responded • to "Liberty," ' Grand
Sub-Chief Ranger E. I. Wolfe to "Benev
olence,"- Grand Treasurer Frajik Conklln
to "Fraternal Finance," Grand Secretary
Cordy - to - "Growth of the Order," Grand
Recording Secretary John E. O'Brien to
"Fraternal Visitations," Grand Trustee
H. L. Simon to "The Ladies." Jacob La
bel of the American Foresters' Review to
*!The Fraternal 'Press," Ernest C. Stock
to "Any Old Thing" and Past Chief
Ranger M.'J. Magulre to "Court Presidio:
Its Past and Future." 5 Between toasts an
orchestra played popular airs.
Court Presidio's Anniversary.
!v-220 yard daBh — Won by Johnstone, '04; 'Adl>»r
,'05. second;. Whitman. '05.' third. Time, :24 3-5*
-:/8S0 yard run— Won by Edwards.-. '05; Graves'
.'04.. second ;-Smilie.j '05. -.third. .Time. 2:11 -¦ '
yard hurdles— Won by. Cheek." .'04; Hanni
gan.v'04, a : second;'. Hartley. '05, third. Time,
:2<V4-5.^ . •-' : ' »¦•¦¦'-"'.¦.."•.'.-¦' •:-.-. \. .• "
¦ Two ' mile run— Won by Tlbblts, «'01; West
— - *¦"
¦ 100 , yard dash — Won by-Abadie. .'04; Minor,
•Ot. second; Turner. -'05. "third. • Time, 1 :1O 2-5
. One 'mile run— Won by Woods, .'04;-'Clou^h,
'05. second; L.yons.V05. third: Time, 5 -Mi 2-5.
: 440 yard dash— ¦• Won by \ Lldga,' '04 ; Howard,
.'05,* second: Maclish. '05,- third.- -. Time.' :551-ft
, ; 120 yard hurdle — Won. by Cheek. '04; Hnnnl
gan. <.'04,\ second ;' Cooley, ,' 04, . third. , Time.
;:16 3-5.- h:-:: ¦. ¦ -.•?¦¦' ¦ ;>„:,..,;••
The spectacular race; of -the day was
the . two : mile . run." ; Freshman .Westdahl,'
with his numerous records,'- was expected
to .win, but after' the first few laps Tib
bits,'a sophomore, . commenced forging
ahead and on the lap before the finish
was 200 yards -Jn ' the \ lead* of ' the other
runners.^ He sprinted the last 100* yards
and won, by three quarters of /a lap. His
performance was remarkable for a new
man-andthe crowd rose on tlje bleachers
and cheered. him- an he crossed the tape
alone. His time: was '10:39.' In' the pole
vault Chingr.-the only ' Chinese whto ever
entered ' a ; California field : day, tied for
third place with Symmes. The point was
divided between them. .The games were
attended by a large ; crowd and th^events
passed -off: smoothly. : Following are the
results: in -detail: : \ i
BERKELEY, . March 22.— The . second
year athletes of the University of Cali
fornia defeated their, freshman rivals iii
the interclass field day held thls.after
•noon on. the -college cinder path. Few
victories have been more easily won. The
freshmen- got. but two' first places and
had to bo contented with a score ~of*40Vs.
against 85^ for their, opponents.
Best Rival Classmen in Field Day at
Berkeley.
SOPHOMORES WIN VICTORY.
park commissioners ¦ /.-::;
, . p£an impbovements
The Park Commission notified the
Board of- Supervisors yesterday that its
estimated expenses for, the next fiscal
year wlll.be $439,000.' The construction ac
count ,wii. absorb $248,500, of which (25.SU0
will be used to improve the grounds of
Alta plaza; Lafayette square and Lobos
square: $1000 for a botanical library, $3500
for enlarging the Japanese garden, $2500
for. improving school- grounds,- $5000 for
improving Holly Park, $2000 to recon
struct Hamilton square, $2000 for Colum
bia square and $30,000 to construct a salt
water bathing pond at the west end of
the park. One hundred thousand dollars
will be required to maintain the grounds,
walks and roads of Golden Gate Park
and $40,000 for city squares.
Assessor Dodge figures that he will-re
quire $105,400 to conduct his office for the
next fiscal year. He estimates the earn
ings of the office at $28,000 in commissions
cn poll tax and .personal property collec
tions paid by \ the State, into the city
treasury. Among the ' items of expendi
ture is one for $6000 for extra deputies to
collect poll tax. ,
BERKELEY, March 23.— The California-
Alumni baseball game played this after
noon on the college campus proved a sur
prise. The Varsity men were defeated
by a score of 14 to 4. Before the fourth
Inning they did not score and the alumni
had made five runs. The victorious nine
was not composed entirely of alumni, but
had in it some star- players who have
been in constant practice. Its battery
was particularly -good, Hamilton and
Swindells acting in that capacity. The
Varsity battery -w.as Williams and Hatch.
The game was attended by a large crowd.
Picked Team Defeats University Men'
on the Diamond. r-
dahl; '05, second; Minor. '04. third. Tlm.\
10:39. ?
One mile relay — Won by sophomores; fresh
men, second. Time. 3:26.
Pole vault— Tie for first between Harry Ir
win of the Olympic Club and Wllcox '04. at
10 feet 8 Inches. . Wllcox getting the points;
Geary. 'W. second; Chlng and Symmes, tie for
third. •
High • Jump— Tie \ between Cooley. '04. and
Cheek. '04. at 5 feet 6V1 inches, dividing fine
and second points: Brings. '05. third.
Shot put — Won by • Brlggs/ '05. > distance 37
feet 2 inches; Lldga. '04. second: Coombs. '05,
third. - -• < ; .
Hammer throw — Won by Hartllne. '04, dis
tance 114 feet 3 Inches; Wallop, '05, second;
Llgda, '04. third.. . ' "f
Broad Jump — Won by Metcalf. '05, distance
20 feet 0 Inches; Minor, '04. second; Neighbor.
'05. third. • ...
both Fides of the bay. Refreshments
were served in: the lower hall.
ALUMNI NINE WINS GAME.
In conclusion Mr. Perry said:
"I 'i should . not have asked your atten
tion to a single .: field of contemporary
letters if- literature were an end in itself.
The proof of-national greatness does not
lie primarily in verse or prose; it is rather
in the cheerful .acceptance of every na
tional responsibility, the glad undertaking
of any sacrifice demanded ; by twentieth
century civilization. J3ut a discussion of
patriotic verse ls,not*wlthout significance
if .it -has; led us to the thought that there
must be some distinctive standard of clv
'ilization in? the United States; some na
tive, test : of -social progress. sSine deep
community of emotional life. Theses are
the prerequisites of t any literature that" Is
worthy of- the name. If American Ideals
remain noble, ' If- American \ life grows in
creasingly rich : and joyous, we; shall not
care very much whether we have national
poetry ; but It is out of that .divine care
lessness, that serene consciousness of vic
torious > enerery, that -poetry; is born."
The audience , then . joined in singing . the
doxolcgy -and the benediction i. was pro
nounced by Rev. . Homer J. Vosburgh,
bringing' the exercises to a close.""- , r s .i'^
"For the political poet is always tempt
ed to declamation; to speech rather than
song. ¦ Bitter, indignation, burning/ elo
quence, when metrically expressed, have
often the outer form. of poetry; but. they
usually lack its inner spirit. •. The violent
phrase is more easily compassed than the
new vision into the heart of things, but
mere violent and resonant phrases are
not- poetry. Most patriotic verse is at
best, a sort .of ; political oratory, a special
plea for a special verdict; it alms to per
suade and convince- rather than liberate
and ' heighten the nobler emotions. ..It
voices the : tenets of. a party instead of
embodying a universal truth. It is seen
in its most effective: form in political sat
ire, like narts of 'Don Juan,' or s. music
hall chorus like "The Absent-Mlnded Beg
grar,' a campaign rallying" cry, 'And . Shall
Trelawny Die.' or a marching, song like
'John Brown's Body.' "
AIMS AT PATRIOTIC VERSE.
Verse bearing on the present war In
South Africa was quoted. The speaker
continued: . .
wrong, because she will perish if you
abandoni her, and her fall is a. greater
evil than Her error.' "
porary verse deserves little notice, that
the elder singers have passed away or are
silenf and that the new voices do riot yet
command one's admiration and regard.
The Contempt expressed for so-called
magazine poetry has become so common
as to pass unchallenged. The 'poet's cor
ner' of the newspaper Is supposed to be a
j corner avoided by the wise. But I do not
share this popular suspicion of the minor,
poet. I believe that American verse is,
upon the whole, and setting aside the first
half-dozen names, better than it was
twenty years or forty years -ago. It
shows a wider range . of thought an£ a
more finished technique. And the amount
of tolerably acceptable verse that some
how gets written in this country is enor
mous—just how enormous only those who
see It in manuscript can know.
"There is one characteristic, of this
, mass of contemporary verse, published
and unpublished, which is provocative of
curiosity. It Is the relatively humb e rank
as regards both quantity and quality that
is occupied by patriotic poetry. 'Next to
God,' said Cardinal Gibbons the other day
in the Baltimore Cathedral, 'our country
should hold the strongest place in our af
fections.' And yet, if my impression of
the general character of contemporary
verse be correct, our country is not only
less frequently than religion the theme
of poetry, but far less frequently than na
ture or the purely personal ¦ affections.
More sonnets seem to be written about
John Keats than about the United States
of America. Our better verse writers in
particular are but rarely inspired by na
tional themes." . , :
DEPICTS NATIONAL FEELING.
The speaker supplemented this state
ment with "analyses of the verse based
on Stedman's "American Authology."
Continuing, he ¦ said:
"Patriotic poetry, to begin with, then,
Is in its larger features an easily recog
nized tyi>e. It is the expression In verse
of national feeling. 'Forty-four forty or
fight!' 'Remember the 'Alamo !', or 'Re
member the Maine!' are /the catchword3
around which poems have readily crystal
lized, though -it i ssingularly illustrative
of the , better and deeper side- of human
nature that 'mere national anger and cu
pidity or revenge have never produced a
! great poem." •• .
i The endowment with permanent beauty
! of some 6ymbol of American life by poets
! of this countrv was touched upon. . "The
Star Spangled Banner,'" "Ironsides,"
j "My Captain,~,"Unguarded Gates" and
"At Gibraltar" were cited as examples.
J Referring to 11. Goyan's declaration
I that | internationalism -was evil Mr. Perry
i said: . .
"M. . Goyan declares that trie ¦ moment
you neglect 'the frontiers,' the natural
j boundaries, the inherited natonal- duties,.
! you let loese individualism; in other word3
| anarchy. 'That" is a most egotistic : con
: elusion,'- he asserts, N ,:which allows a man
| of his. own free will to refuse assistance
to a national undertaking • which in his
ownprivate Judgment is butchery.'
"This is what we call, in America the
'my country, right or wrong' question. It
I has been eloquently argued of late on
I both sides. Ex-President Harrison dls
j cussed it freely and dispassionately in the
i last of his public addresses. , Considered
as an abstract, academic. question. . it is'
not very easy.' to answer. - : Precisely at
; what point ought a minority, in our .-self-'
'¦ governing democracy, to yield its right of
. private Judgment. and give "loyall support
to a policy, which it' believes to be;mor
ally wrong, it is hard to say. - But i what-'
ever the theorists may. decide, the rough-'
and-ready popular Judgment of this coun
. try has always been impatient with; such ;
i theorizing, in war time. -And our French
essayist believes. that this popular instinct
is right. He falls back upon the fine say
ing of M.Provost-Paradol,;.' You ought to'
serve , your. country ' even if j she] is iinlthe'
CONTEMPT . FOR POET'S CORNER.
"I 'am. aware -that there is a general im
pression that the great body ofcontem-
VI do wish to take this tenet of our
common creed and apply it to a some
what wider^fleld than that of the individ
ual. The national life, too, is a long pro
cess of education. The nation, like the
individual, tests by experience the value
of its bookish theories, and out of its ex
perience, in turn, spring its vital books.
The history ' of literature . in America Is
the history, more or- less accurately
translated, of American 'life. Not every
phase of national existence, it Js true, re
ceives adequate translation Into litera
ture, and yet most : periods of heightened
national consciousness have found some
sort of literary interpretation.',
"We are living just now. in one of those
moods of quickened national feeling. The
astonishing- achievements of our country
men make us proud of the America that
is ¦ before our . eyes. We cherish a still
deeper faith in the greater America that
is to be. Is this : faith .voiced as it should
be by our writers? We must limit the in
quiry to a single field of.. letters, and'I
shall choose poetry, because, the . world
over, it Is the poets . who : register most
quickly and most permanently; the. high
tides of national emotion. ,.
"Wherever men and women meet to do
honor to a university, they meet in the
faith that education Is a lifelong' growtn,
not as access to books and teachers for a
few . fortunate years, but a process that
keeps pace with life, that broadens anJ
deepens with experience. We test books
by no less magical a touchstone than life
itself. We search life .unceasingly for tho
evidence of those great hopes which we
have learned from literature.
In part. Dr. Perry said:
The subject chosen by Dr. Perry was
"Literature and National Feeling/' and
It mainly dealt with the lack of distinct
ively American poetry. He analyzed the
compo&lttems x>f many modern French and
English poets and showed how the writers
were imbued with national poetic Inspira
tion. %'3SP&
In the delivery "of his address Dr. Perry
showed himself to be a master of com
position and a deep student of literature.
He is a young man, possesses a commarid
lng though slight physique and his dic
tion is of the clearest. He -was listened
to with the closest attention, and when
he finished his oration the cheering was
renewed.
President "Wheeler was loudly cheered
at the close of his speech, and then intro
duced Dr. Bliss Perry, who v.'as given a
hearty welcome. !
DB. BLISS PEBBY . OBATES.
"I am glad it came to-day," said Presi
dent Wheeler. "It was as good to me as
if it had teen half a million. It showed
the love of the alumni for their univer
sity. What is money for if it is not for
things of this kind? People cannot take
their money with them. Here stands tUi.s
university that expresses the best and
highest thoughts and to provide the
training for the best of our youths, to
tell men- how to live, to tell them of im
mortality and their right to be and live
with God."
"Teaching- is an art and can only be
acquired by practice and research. For
that purpose we need a training' 'school
similar to those In Eastern colleges." -
President Wheeler then announced the
receipt of a telescope from Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs; a check for $500 from the widow
of the late Professor Hallidie, being her
annual donation toward the library, and
a check for $1000 from the Alumni Asso
ciation, being a donation to the building
of Alumni Hall. .
young people through college that it. was
his purpose to endow a free bed in "the
hospital when it is founded. He is Mr.
Bonheim of Sacramento.
—— __ _. ITH appropriate ceremo
i YT / nies, "Charter day',' was
H f&k / duly celebrated at the
1/ B/ State University at
©^ If Berkeley yesterday, and
» the thirty-fourth anni
versary of the founding
of the seat of learning was the occasion
for a distinguished gathering.
Regents of the university, learned
teachers of the faculty, men prominent in
the professions and commercial life, rep
resenting the alumni, together with hun
dreds of students of both sexes, met for
the purpose of commemorating the natal
day.
Dr. Bliss Perry, editor of the Atlantic
ta^cnthly, at the invitation of the faculty,
had journeyed to Berkeley from his
tome in the East to deliver the ora
tion cf the day. There were proces
sions of the faculty, the regents, alumni
and students. A vast audience filled Har
mon gymnasium and listened to words of
eloquence from President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler and the guest of the day. The
alumni held a conference as to the best
means of assisting the financial affairs of
their alma mater, while the students mot
in athletic games en the campus and fair
co-eds entertained at their fraternity
house with joyous song.
The blue and gold of the university
could be seen on all sides and the music
of the military band < filled the. air with
pleasing harmonys President and Mrs.
\Vl:eeler entertained the regents and fac
ulty and gave welcome to Whitelaw Reid,
v/ho is to represent the nation at. the cor
onation of England's King, and who, with
his ¦wife, was prominent in yesterday's
celebration. £>. O. Mills, the famous
financier, was also a jrucst of honor and,
with Whitelaw Reid, was "snap-shotted"
on all sides.
BELOVED PROFESSOR MISSING.
Yet hundreds who took part in the cel
ebration telt that there was something
lacking. For the first time in many years
the venerable figure of Professor Joseph
Le Conte was missed from the campus
aiiCl the exercises in Harmon gymnasium,
and considerable surprise was expressed
that no reference to him was made at the
exercises or at the conference of the
aJumni. The man of learning, who was a
jart of the State University since the
day it was founded, and who died in the
I Yos«nite Valley on the morning of July
6 of last year, was certainly In the hearts
of thousands at yesterday's celebration,
but they made no sign.
Harmon gymnasium was the scene of
the morning exercises and the- big build
ins was resplendent in blue and gold
bunting. Oflicers of the University Cadet-
Corps acted as .ushers and ticket takers,
and when the doors were opened at 9
o'clock numbers of visitors were ready to
enter.
. Although the day was a Irtight one, a
cold wind swept through the Golden Gate
and there was no display of spring
dresses by the ladies. While the visitors
waited for the processions of regents,
faculty, alumni and students to arrive
the military band of the university dis
coursed several numbers.
STUDENTS MAKE RAFTERS RING
Students to the number of more than
2000 assembled at North and South halls
at 9:30 a. m., ready to march to the, gym
nasium. A. pretty sight was witnessed
when the fair co-eds, forming the choral
society, inarched through the campus to
the gymnasium. The young ladles wore
the regulation • "mortar-board" and black
gowns. On entering the gymnasium they
were greeted with cheers and given seats
close to the platform.
When the students arrived the rafters
of Harmon gymnasium- were made to ring
with college cries and songs. Every one
was in good spirits and the lungs of the
male students in full working order. -^
At 10:15 a. m. the regents, faculty,
alumni and guests of honor started from
the Bacon Art and' Library building,
inarching: in procession to tne gymnasium.
The members of the faculty wore -their
college caps and gowns, together with the
colored hoods indicative of their univer
sity distinctions. Notable in the proces
sion was the figure of the widow of the
late Professor Joseph Le Conte, escorted
by a distinguished member of the faculty.
President Wheeler escorted Dr. Bliss Per
ry, who wore his academic robes.
The entrance of the procession was the
signal for wild cheering: by the student
body. The fealvos of greeting were main
tained until all those in the procession
were seated on the platform.
At the request of President Wheeler the
audience arose and the invocation was
asked by the Rev. Homer J. Vosburgh,
1L A., pastor of the First Baptist Church
of Oakland. The Choral Society then ren
dered a selection, and the opening speech
was delivered by President Wheeler.
PRESIDENT WHEELER SPEAKS.
In the course of "his remarks President
Wheeler said that the university was
rapidly growing. He paid a tribute to the
founders of the university, •who. despite
opposition, had laid their foundations
deep. The work of past and present
regenis was reviewed by the speaker and
¦with the. faculty was eulogized.
President Wheeler dwelt (upon the love
for the university displayed'by the alumni
and the student body, arid then described
the growth of the university during the
past year. He/ pointed out that funds
were urgently needed to meet the in
creasing number of the students and said
that but for the action of the last State
Legislature it would have been'impossi
ble to carry on the work of the fc lnstitu
tlon.
The president _made a plea for assist
ance to erect new buildings, a college li
brary and a hospital for the students. He
referred to the establishment of new de
partments. Including: those of commerce,
irrigation,, hydraulics, dairy production,
Spauish. Italian. Russian, Chinese and
Japanese. In concluding his speech Presi
dent Wheeler said:
WHAT UNIVERSITY NEEDS.
"The reeds of the university are past
the possibilities of speech. They are
clear before my vision by night and also
by day. Many people would gladly help
if they knew how much good a little as
eistance would do. I have very rarely
asked for help, but when I 'have done so
I .have always met with a cheerful re-
Fponse. Next year, with the Increase of
the btudents. we must hold some of our
classes in^this gymnasium, or cut of doors.
We need a library, we. need a hospital,
and I received word th© other day from
«. man who is quietly helping a dozen
Whitelaw Reid and
D. O. Mills Hear
the Address.
Regent Charles S. Wheeler said the
time had come when \ the alumni could
and . should help the university. He said
that every suggestion made at the meet-
In? was a good one. He thought that the
4CC0 alumni' could secure sufficient appro
priations from the next Legislature to
help the university. He deplored the fact
that where I200.COO had been appropriated
by the last Legislature for the university
the ,' sum of $743,000 had been voted for
State prisons and reform schools. He
felt sure that the alumni could spread in
every part of" the State evidence of the
wants of the university . and secure suffi
cient support for the passage of such leg
islation as would give the university the
aid it required. The speaker concluded
his remarks by making his offer to give
J500O to the library fund.
The reeents. faculty and alumni hope
to raise $1,000,000 for the library, one half
of which is to be used for a building and
the other half for the purchase of books
and the formation of an endowment, fund
to secure annual additions to the collec
tion of books.
Resolutions of regret on the deaths of
alumni - in the past two years were car
ried by a. rising vote, and the proceedings
closed.~{&BBMbaiMBMHB>BniM|
"By moral „ support." quickly replied
President Wheeler. "There are enough
people to find fault." The answer was
received with cheers.
"The university . is in need of money,"
continued President Wheeler, "and you
can help us on those lines. There are
¦many ways In which you can help. The
action of the alumni before the last Leg
islature was of Immense value."
President Wheeler agreed with a sug
gestion that a- list of the needs of the uni
versity be published, showing what could
be done with donations of sums ranging
from $100 upward.
"One of the best things I can think
of," said President "Wbeeler, "is a loan
fund for students. There are many hard
ships suffered by students. Some of them
are living on $8 to J10 per month. A loan
of $50 in such cases would be of great
good. The money would be eventually re
turned. I have always found it so when
ever I had any money to loan."
H President Wheeler made an urgent plea
for the establishment of a library. He
said that the lack of a properly equipped
library prevented prominent men from
coming to the university to teach.
"Men do not want to come out Just to
address the students." he said. "There la
no real education except to come in con
tact with men engaged in research and
investigation. Without a library research
is not possible and we are handicapped."
The president then extended a cordial in
vitation to the alumni to attend & recep
tion in Hearst Hall and left the meeting
amid cheers. •
Senator Lukens spoke on the needs of
financial aid to the university and paid *
tribute to President Wheeler for the man
ner In which he had conducted delibera
tions with the last Legislature on. the
question of financial aid.
REGENT WHEELER SPEAKS.
How can the alumni help you in- the
administration of the university?" asked
an alumnus.
President Wheeler was asked to ad
dress the meeting on the needs of th«
university, but he declared that he was
too tired to do so and had given his
views- on the subject In his speech of the
morning in Harmon Gymnasium. He
suggested that questions be put.to> him.
PRESIDENT ANSWERS QUESTION"
F. W. Aitken, one of the publishers of
the California Graduate, said that It was
not fair for the associated alumni to' try
and down his venture alter he and hia
associates had shown the association that
a publication was possible.
President Wheeler, who entered the
hall during the discussion, was called
upon -to speak, and he said that he fa
vored an alumni newspaper controlled by
a committee of the alumni.
The subject was disposed of by the pas
tage of- a resolution that the * desirability
and practicability of an alumni newspa
per be referred to the council, with power
to act, after Aitken had failed to securo
the passage of an amendment that th©
council confer with him and his associ
ates. MM*
Seth Mann, chairman of a committee
appointed to make a report, stated that a
newspaper had recently started up, con
ducted by some alumni as a private en
terprise. He did not favor the alumni
association indorsing a private venture,
but that they should control the publica
tion in the flame manner as /the college
periodicals of Eastern colleges. Charles
A. Ore en spoke on similar lines.
NEED A COLLEGE PAPEB.
There was a long discussion on the sub
ject of an alumni newspaper, the need
of which bad been suggested by President
Wheeler.
Tho proceedings opened with an ac
count of the previous conference given
by Charles A. Green, president of the
Berkeley Alumni Society, when it was
decided to form alumni clubs In every
part of the State.
The^ feature of the proceedings was &
spirited speech delivered by 'Attorney
Charles A. Wheeler, an alumnus of the
university and one of the regents. He
closed his remarks by offering' to give
$5000 toward a library fund and asked,
that ninety-nine alumni of the State Uni
versity make similar donations.
Many of the alumni present belonged to
the gentler sex, and they took an active
part in the proceedings. T. A. Perkins,
president of the council of the associa
tions of alumni, was in the chair, and, Ed
ward. Booth acted as secretary.
a LARGE number of alumni ' of
jA I the State University met at
Xm the biennial conference, yes
ij terday afternoon in the- stu
y a. dents* observatory to - con
"^^ sider the question of financial
aid to the Institution from
which they had graduated.
Athletic Games Draw
Crowds to College
Campus.
Says America Lacks
National Poetic
Composition.
Regent Offers Money
to Library Fund '
Amid Cheers.
Noted Editor and Art
Critic Speaks to '
Thousands.
Many Graduates Meet
With President
Wheeler.
DISCUSS
RAISING
FINANCES
DR. PERRY
DELIVERS
ORATION
"CHARTER DAY" OF STATE UNIVERSITY IS DULY CELEBRATED
BY GATHERING OF REGENTS, FACULTY, ALUMNI, AND STUDENTS
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
Paps 29 to 40
Pages 291040 1THREE : PERSONS WHO FIGURE
IN A CONTEST FOR THE MIL
LION DOLLAR ESTATE LEFT BY
WENCESLAO LOAIZA, WHO
DIED IN THIS CITY. -
THE C^-LIj'S IRiLOINGS- FORM CHART
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Saturday. March 22.— "Weather fine.
:H7U. F1UST RACK— Six furlonsi": pellinK; thrw-year-olds and up: to first, $328.
j " ~~] ! ~ I " • j Betting.
lnd«|Horse. Age. "Weight. |St. U. «{. Str. Fin. ( Owner and Jockey. I Op. CL
3*72 lAda N\ 4.. 1OJ>| u 7h 6.1 Sh lh Antrim Stable... Blrknrth 6 8
.13M1 Frestsno. :i... »s| :; 2h 22 1 >4 2 h J. Conway Hoar 6 8
:smw The Weaver. 3...H.51 0 4 1 3 "i 2 h .1 1 • H. 1. Wilson U Daly 5-2. 2
S4«y Dorian; a 113 5 S h 7 U & 1 ' 4 n |<3. B. Morris Jackson 6 «
34«O IKins IVIMf 5 1i:rio 1 !j 6 1 4 li 5 n C Lind J. Matthews 3 5
WBH5 Mid. Chimes. 5...1OS; 7 10 3 9 2 7 2 0 2 (Joseph Maiden... Troxler / « 25
«*70 J^rtd. « ll.'fj S !»¦ 8 >-i 8 J£ 7 'j F. O'Kane Foucon 10 12
SIR* IKatie-Waieott. 5..K1S! 1 .1 h 4 h 0 1 8 1 |E. Kaufman Ranach 15 20
Mr* jSan \>nado, a..,.lt::|ll 11 ,\ 11 »2 «2 T. T. Rectf/r Stuart 30 60
S-V1 lEIJred. 4 10.'.] 2 12 1 n 10 1 JO 1 |Geo. Ashton..Fauntleroy 35 100
S4ffT I Mont. Peeress. :i. . _!»4 1 _4j_S 2 10 1 11 11 |J. Coffey J. Daly 15 00
Time — '4. :24U,; 'i. :riO; »i. 1:15. Good »tart. Won flrnt three driving-. Winner. Antrim
Stsbl^'n b. m. by Herald-!?anta Rosa. Winner- beirt. Pr^stano tired the last few yard*.
The Weaver re-quires Ftrong rising. Kins Dellis away badly. Katie Walcott stopped.
Scratched — Foul Play 1CS. -'i '_
3«»<O. SECOND RA»*E— Plx and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
j j ~ Betting.
Indev Horse. Age. Weight.'St. i^. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
345S ]Dt. Boyle. 5 110 7 7 7 3 4 1 :i J. C. Nealon Conley 6-R 7-10
345S (Mtke gtrausy. O..11O 5 Jh.2 H : 1 <jV2 R \V. E. Cotton Hoar 4 4
S-T.%5 Rflna <3e Cub*. 6..10S 1 1 4 .1 h 2 3 SI Baldwin & Co..Bozeman 10 25
.Mfi2 Saul of Tarsus, .%.. 110, « 4 h . 3 1 - '4 4 4 2 .T. O. Waltz Jackson 5 6
3454 Gusto. .1 lin| 4 rt 1 5 1 6 J 5:; |I'. Hocrley Foucon 10 30
r.SlK 'Satan 5 11012 5 h 4h 5h 0S Mrs. W. Balrd..Fauntlry 100 200
.>!«« iRos- of Hilo, 4...KKI n 2 1 « U 7 7 Gecrge Webb Troxler 5 12
g.;u IRoyal Prize, a 1 10! L^-rt ..^ |G. J'acheco See SO 100
Time — U :2' 1 «: 'i. :4S'i : "«. L;'14%: C'-jr. l :£2. PoVr start. Won easily. Seeond and
third <5rivtng. Winifr, J. CL Neaion's b. g. by Gu)do-Exey Tee. Away poorly. Dr. Betyl«
pallope.i over his field in the stretch. Hike Strauss and Reina de Cuba withered up under
the pace set. • . ..¦¦..
34SI. THIRD RACE— One mile; celling; thre*-year-olds end up; to first. $325.
j , "" j ~ BttUnr.
IndexlHoire. Age. AVeight.'St. i«.- i». Sir. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op... Cl.
r.*K> JDr. Benni a... !»«! 4 2 2 2 4 1 2 1 3 J. Conway.... ...L.. Daly 3 3
:;«O FYicSoltn, 4 JCi « « 1 0 1 4 1 2 h G. W. Scott: . . Wlnslette 10 12
3459. Tlzona. 9 iui|s» 4n .In :ih :{ n Partington Bros. .Stuart 10 15
346« Expedient, S »S| .1 « A 10 5 2 4 h P. E. Smith J.Daly 20 30
345T{ iGawalne, 4 10 {', 1 12 lh 2 h 5h W. E. Cotton Hoar 7-5 6-5
34M |Ein«tein. C 1031 7 3n 42 " «1 f> 2 U I^evy... Ransch 8 12
::477 Irate. 4 10215 10. 7 n , 7 >A 7 >i Bufgtn & MeAtee.-Rown 30. 40.
:;+6«J Jinglor. 3 K5| 8 7 3 6 h 8 2 8 2 D. S. Fountain. .Treanor fl 10
5457 Free leaner, a 1O7'1O K I. 9 n t» I !? 1 W. Ketcheman..M&thewte C' : 7
1:455 I^a Borgia, 5 05! - 5 1 8 2 10 10 Elmwood Fann.. Jackson .15 "'30
Time— M. :25'4; V,. :50»i; »i. 1:15%; inUc. 1:43. Good start. Won easily. Second ami
third driving. Winner. J. Conway's ch. r. by Sir Dixon-Weisbaden..: Gallop for the win
ner. Gawaine quit. Fridolin ran a fair race. Expedient came from far back. Scratched
— I'encil Me 09. '
3482. FOT'RTH RACE— Five furlcmgs; Western ProJuc^Ftakes; 2-year-olds; to first, $C9J0.
j i j ' • ) Betting.
Indrx[Hcrse and Weirht.'St. }.&.'%¦' Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
34€1 Maxr-Ic 118 5 4h21 2 b ,%.'! V IBurns & Waterhs.N.Trnr 8-5 11-5
3410 Sylvia Talbot 115 112 11 1W:2 3 IB. Schreiber..... J. Daly ll-.-> 8-5
3451 Vlnctldes 10i!j 4 3^32 ."2 32 Elrawood Farm Hoar 6 15
<5S163):Thadi]eus 1121 ft fl 7 1 5 1 4 h Burns & Waterhs.Rnseh • •
3410 IThe Fog lOr.j 6 2 n .'. h 4 h S 1 W. B. Sink Jr... Troxler 6 10
(3*61)1 Deutchland 113! 3 6 1 8 1 7 2 « 2 B. Schreiber Ccnley •• ?•
<3204)!Orfeo 1J3I 2 7»-i4h «»4 74 IW; O'B. Macdon'gh. Jksn 4 4
Siei IKatanga IO5 8 81 ,«h 8 4 8 6 A. B. Ppreckels . Brknrth 50 60
3«7 fTtie Foran lOtij 7 3 h 9 9 » |Elmwood Farm. J.Mthwgj ••• •••
Time— »4. :2-}Vi: W, :49%; %, 1:02%. Fair start. Wen flrrt three driving. Winner, Burns
4: Watcrhouse"* br. c. by AKamax-Plcnie. Maxnic superbly ridden and best. Deutchland
cut off pooji after start. Orfeo cut off. by winner before stretch turn was reached. Thad
deus ran a nice race from where he got away. 'Coupled with Maxnic. »*Coupled with.
Sylvia Talbot. ?••Coupled with Vinctides.
S4S.1. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs: selling; three- year-olds and upward; to first, $325.
InderiHorse. Age. W>!g-ht.!St. U. %. £tr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. • Op.- ct (
CU.'.^'T. of Candles. 4.. 0*t 2 12 12 12 13 Caesar Ycacg. . . Jacksan i 7.10
3470 IFtbruarj-. a .. »4| 7 C 3 3 1% 3 2 2 2 J. S. Gibson Knapp 5 "0
»13* !Docb!et, 5 1C5 4 2 14 2 n 2h 8 8 D. S. Fountain Hoar 4 1-2
.•230 iSly. a 109! 1 3 1 4 1 4 1 4 >i D. M. Hanlon.. . .Troxler 3 7-2
3470 (Botany. 3 01 5 5 1 6 5 5 2 5 5 IE. E. Edwards.Winslette 10 20
344* IVantlne. 5 »7 3 41 5h«2>«2 W.- M. Rogers. .Goodyear 15 50
34g» ! Mission. 5 ati| 6 7 - 7 7 7 |James Wilson. ;.J. Daly SO 100
Time— '4. :24; u. :4»: %, I:14>4. Fair start. Won handily. Second and third driving
Winner. Caesar Touag's b. ffl. by Candlemas- Duchefs of Towers. Winner had too much
speed for her company. February away poorly. Doublet grew weary chasing the win
ner. Botany rated to poor advantage. Vj:ntlne stopped. Scratched — Captivate 01 Goal
Runner 105. '
34fc4. SIXTH RACE — One mile; celling; three-year-olds and upward: to first, $325.
Index {Horse. Age. T7elght.|St. \\. ',-j- Str. Fin. . Owner and Jockey. Op!" 1^'.
f34W)!Art!lla. * 1041 2 - 4h S 4 1 4 1 %. |C. W. Carroll. Birkenrth " 4 - fi
(3*40)'Huac!iuca, 3 981 1 11 1^12 2 2 1G. W. Baldwin.. L. Daly 2 7-2
3457 |Dean Swift. 3 101 4 3 14 2 h 3 h 3 2 IW. M. Rogers.. Goodyear 30 60
S4«5 Uohn McGurk. 4.. »4| 3 5 h 5 h 7 2 4 % IH. E. RoweU J. Daly a 7.0
S235 IO*car Tolle. 4 103 5 6 1 .'( h 2 h fi 1 iE.J.Baldwin & Co.Rnsm 6 8
MSS IDiomed. 5 UX> » S Ch Bh «3 J.G.Brown & Co.Jacksn 4 1G.~.
3*«S ICom. Fonster. 3. . 99 « 2 % 4 2 « 7 « J. F. Schorr Ransch 10 10
S47<» jQuadra, 3.... »» 7 7 \j 7 1 8 H Curl &. Co W. Knapp 30 20
Time— M, :25V, %. '•50; %, 1:1C; mile. 1:42?,. Good surt Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. C. W. Carroll's br. m. by Artillery-Duchess of Towers. Artilla a good
stretch runner. Opcar Tolle hurt the chances of Huacbuca. Dean Swift improved some
John McOurk can do better. Diomed off p»rly. Scratched— lnvlctus &4, • Nllgar 103, "
The toper may be said to be in a happy
1 condition when he Is wreathed in ; smiles.'
.The man she has selected, to assume* the
role of No.' 2- invariably^ comes to the
widow, v/ho waits.
Owing to his having met. with an ac
cident. Announcer "Bob" McGibben wa*
an absentee . yesterday, his : duties v being
performed by his brother- Sam. Bob's
many friends will be pleased to learn that
his Injuries arc not of a serious nature
Ralph Tozer has been appointed secre
tary and associate judge for the Mon
tana meeting. Kit Chinn'wIU start, and
Billy Magrane has been engaged as
auctioneer.
Nash Turner leaves for Memphis to
day. Charley Hatton goes, too. of course.
Birkenruth was the only rider to place
two winners over the plate yesterday
Deutchland had his chances in the
stake spoiled by being cut off soon after
the start. .
Track Notes.
H. C. Golcher Makes .the Star Cast of
the Day, One Hundred and ¦
.Twenty-Four Feet. ;
H. C. Golcher was the star performer
in the long-distance fly-casting event at,
San Francisco Club's contest " on Stow.
Lake. He sent out 12* • feet of ¦ line.
"W. D. Mansfield had the highest
percentage in the delicacy and accuracy,
while T. W. Brotherton was high man
In line casting. The scores -follow: ¦
Then he sighted his mount for the wire
and sat down to 'ride. Foot by foot Max
nic decreased the Schreiber filly's lead
She made a game battle for the money,
and forced Turner to draw his whip pass-
Ing: the paddock. The brown colt 're-,
sponded. end, in an exciting finish that
left no reason for doubt, snatched vlctor>
by a Iwigth in 1:02%. Three lengths back
of Sylvia . Talbot . Johnny Hoar, astrid*
the Elmwood farm's Vinctldes. led Thad
deus out for third money. The win was
a popular' one., and Turner received a
mtld ovation for -'his faultless handling
gf the successful colt.
Of the purse, the Burns & Waterhouse
*able> receives $6180. with $750 additional
Ccr having bred the winner. Second
jponey amounted to $1500, and Barney
fcrhreiber also received $500 in addition,
Sylvia Talbot being a product of his
Woodland farm. The third /-hor6e re
eelved $750, and to Elmwood A farm $200
more for having bred Vinctldes.
Only two favorites. Dr. Bojio and
Tower of Candle*, earned brackets. Some
of the winning hor3e3 were .but lightly
baek<><5, and the majority of the. book
makers made money. The play was
heavy, especially on the stake event. •
Practically neglected In the betting and
Starter Dick Dwyer had little trouble
with the nine youngsters at the barrier,
sending them away nicely aligned. Syl
via -Talbot was first to show cut In front,
followed by The Fog. The Forum and
Maxnic Turner never lost sight of th«»
leader and took no chances, for he had
Maxnic In second position as the stretch
was reached.
As Barney. Schreiber sent two out for
the rich prize, the smart Sylvia Talbot,
ridden by J. Daly. and'Deutchland,. with
"Longshot" Ccnley in the saddle, his sta
ble supplanted Maxnic and his stable
mate Thafidcus for the honors of favorit
ism at post time. Of the other starters
Orfeo and The Fog were the most fan
cied ones.'
S28S5, at five furlongs, with Jlax
nic. a sturdy brown colt by Altamax-
Plenie. carrying the colors of Burns &
IVaterhouse. It was the richest two
year-old event ever seen in this section
of the country, and race-goers turned out
In large numbers.
NASH TURNER covered himself
with glory at Oakland yester
day by landing the great West
ern Produce stakes, valued at
Artilla, at 5 to I. captured the closing
mile event, well ridden by Birkenruth
Dicmed went to the post favorite, buthad
his chances ruined at the start Hua
chuca, the pacemaker, ran second, two
lengths before Dean Swift.
Caesar Young s sprinter Tower, of Can
des made a runaway race of the fifth
number. ' The mare was a" Btanchly
played favorite, and downed February
three lengths at the finish. Doublet rV.
ceived steady support, but after racing
To^in^r^^ raC and-
allowed to drift back to 9 and 10 to 1. Ada
£. with Blrkenruth on her back, beat
Frestano a head for the opening six fur
long run. The finish was a prettv One.
the winner with Prestano and The
Weaver finishing heads on the post. The
latter colt closed favorite, but requireK
* de al of riding and might- have won
with a stronger boy up.
"Longshof r Conley landed the second
Bcfvil at tI X and & h! J lf , furlon S» with Dr.
Boyle. James Nealon's fast sprinter
c Ul t d^ Bt £ On JF fav °rlte. but was outrun
so badly the first part that be looked out
r»h« 6 o^ n^ E*-<** The Naders. Relna de
£,?&., ¥£ e ?trauss however, stopped
h«J^ Ir f tc ' a £?T, the o nrst cholce score*
*\f nd £ , down - MIke Strauss outstayed
the Baldwin mare, getting the plare
An extremely warm , tip on Gawalna
went the rounds, and as that horse rulec
fHen^nf 0^ "^ run. th^
friends of D r . Bernays were enabled to
f«^» a i wa i ne cut 8 °me dash for a
time, but his lead was of short duration
Taking the front position before striking
the stretch, Larry Daly put Dr. Bei-nav!
over the 'line an easy wlnne?, Three
lengths ahead of Fridolln, a 12 to 1
chance. - 1
FLYC ASTERS COMPETE
IN VARIOirS EVENTS
Four years ago Luis W- Loaiza married
Henriqueta Donde. He vras the scion of
a wealthy, aristocratic Spanish family,
and she the daughter of Ricardo Donde,
who earned his bread by the sweat of his
brow and to whom life was an uphill
struggle The mesalliance displeased the
family of the bridegroom, and he was de
nied admittance to the home of his youth.
But It was a case of love with Luis and
he forbore his parents' wrath, commenc
ing life anew," dependent only on what he
earned himself to support his young wife.
A year after the marriage the child, Jose,
was born. ' . .
Two years ago Luis manifested signs of
neglect for his wife. He became shiftless
In his workand after a semi-reconciliation
with his parents, accepted whatever pit
tance they would give him. The money
he received thus did not go toward the
support of his wife and child, however,
but was spent in reckless pleasure.
Finally Mrs. Loaiza developed signs •' of
incipient consumption. When she became
ill one year ago her husband deserted her,
permitting her to provide for the child
and herself, while ne went, back to live
in the family mansion, pampered by its
Mrs. Loaiza died on the seventh day of
January of. the present year, leaving the
Scion of Wealthy Family.
AFTER three years of turbulent
life, in which abject poverty was
the chief adjunct, little Jose M.
Luis Loaiza has been provided
with a legal guardian and steps
will be taken by his attorney. ex-Judge
A B Treadwell, to recover about $125,000
which, It is alleged, is due him from the
estate of his grandfather, the late Wen
ceslao Loaiza, who left a million dollars
to his wife and children.
Mrs. Carlota Donde. maternal grand
mother of the baby boy-, was declared its
legal guardian • yesterday by Superior
Judge Carroll Cook. She lives in humble
lodgings at 1212 Clay -street. Just around
the corner from the mansion of the rlqn
Lcaizas, who contested her right as cus
todian of the child, and who will probably
make further contest .when the-matter
of the -distribution of., the estate comes
up. Little Jose's mother is dead, and his
father is at present in the State of So
nora, Republic of Mexico.
Pole vault— Henley, "01. and Whi taker, 'C4.
tied for first; Seawall. . U., third. Height, 0
feet 6 .inches. > : .. ' „ ;. ;
;¦>, Hammer throw— Brlgrgs, U.. first; Hyde. '04,
second ; Henley. U.. . third. Distance, 133 feet.
; Shot-put— Hyde, . '04, ; flcst; Briggs. -U., sec
ond; Thomas, -U., third.; Distance, 4.1 feet 10
inches. ••¦ ,-¦ .._ v. .,....., ¦ ',,, . . . .
Broad Jump — Henley. .'04, - first jWeller, U.;
and Havana. U.; tied for second. Distance,'" 21
fcet.2 inches. - ¦. - ¦ ¦ •-.-
100-yard dash — Ha«aiui, IT., first; Hamilton.
'04, second; Bubb. '04, third. Time, :10 2-5.
220-yard dash— Hamilton. '04, first; Hagans,
U... second; Luce. '04, third. Time, :22 4-5. ,
.440- yard run — Dunn, '04,. first; Crossman, '04,
second; Watson, '04; third: Time,..:53.
= Half-mile run— Holman, ' 04, first; Byrnes,
U.; second; Wyckoff. U., third. Time. 2:15 3-5.
Mile run — WeUer.-TJ.-, first; Burton, '04, sec
ond; Henley. U., third. •' Time. 5:14 2-5. V
High hurdles— Weiler, U.; first ;, Taylor, '04,
second; Thomas, U.,; third.-' Tl«ae,'~ :17. - '.
Lowhurdles-^Taylor.'M, first; Weiler, U.;
second: Cox, II.; third. -Time. :26 2-5.
. , High Jump— Henley. ; '04, first ; - Seawall, IT.',
second; Thomas, U., third. Height, 5 feet 0%
Inches. \; \ : .-.:.. :., -. -.- . . - ",
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 22.—
The sophomore class track, team "defeat
ed the Ukiah \ Hlgh*School athletes in the
field day. held on the campus . ovalj this
morning by 61 points to 47. "Hank" Ham
ilton, sophomore captain, broke the Stan
ford record; for 'the 220-yard dash in tha
fast Ltime of - :22 4-5 i seconds.; Tho win
ners follow: ;
Breaks a College Record in
\\ Field Day With TJkiah. ; ';
Hamilton, 1 the \ Sophomore Captain,
STANFORD SPRINTER BlJNS
A FAST EIGHTH MILE
Another important opposition was made
on the ground that the father, Luis, re
quested that his sister be intrusted' with
the custody of his offspring. In support
of this a letter received from Mexico was
introduced in evidence. It read:, :
"I nominate my sister, Dolores Loaiza,
guardian of my son, Luis, and request the
court to .appoint her. his guardian."
Another : objection .mart e was that . tha
child had no estate or property 'of any
kind or character within this State, hence
there was no necessity fora legal guar
dian. But Judge Cook ruled otherwise
and Mrs. Donde was' appointed. - , •• r
It is understood by Mrs. Donde that tha
father will dispute the legal right of his
wife to his portion of the estate, left by
Wenceslao Loaiza, and this will naturally
Involve the rights of the child. Next week
Attorney Treadwell ¦ will sue for the
baby's maintenance. - and it is expected
that this .will be the. preliminary, of ' a
bitter contest in the courts..
I/etter Comes From. Mexico.
On June 8, 1900, old Wenceslao Loaiza,
father of Luis,' died at his home in thia
city, and left an 1 estate valued at $1,000,000.
In his will he provided that the bulk of
his local possessions ' sjiould go • to - his
aged wife, but; specified that lands and
holdings in the State, of Sonora, Mexico,
should be divided, share and share alike,
among his wife and his five children, Luis
included. He also specified that upon the
death of his wife her property should 1 be
distributed among. the five children. Ac
cording to papers placed on record in the
court Luis signed his entire right • and
title to his portion of the estate to. his
wife 'on August 6, 3901. The valuation of
this portion is said to be in the neighbor
hood of $125,000. and the claim of the child
will be" made for it, since its mother is
dead. " ¦
Mrs. Carlota Donde applied for letters
of guardianship of the child on February
20 through Attorney. Treadwell. Her peti
tion was opposed by Miss Dolores Loaiza,
sister of the child's father, on several
grounds. The first ground was that Mrs.
Donde is without means and wholly un
able to properly or otherwise care for,
maintain, support or educate the, baby.
Leaves Valuable Estate.
care of the child to her .mother, "' Mrs.
Carlota Dondc. '"'.'. ¦ .
SPRINGFIELD. Mass... March 22.— At
the Gun and Rod Club's regular shoot to
day T. R. Gcl3el made -a- successful at
tack UDon the world's 100-shot record- • on
tho American standard target at 2M
yards and raised It three- point3 to- 893.
The record was held By Mr. Bergezon of
Cheyenne, Wyo/ • ./• ;
V . » I -
Target Record Broken.
Owing to the large number of entries In
the park, tournament scheduled for to-day
as many matches -as possible were fin
ished yesterday. In. the second class
Greenough beat Dr. Kamp, 6 — t, 4 — 6. 6— 2;
Baer beat Baker, 3 — 6, 6 — 1. 6—2. Finnigan
beat Alex Beyfus3, 6— o. 6—3: Meirose beat
Fred Sherwood, C— 1. 6—2. The- remaining
players who will oppose each* other In the
opening round to-day are. as follows: In
the first class: Tetley versus Campbell:
Harry Routh versus Thiebault. William
Allen versus Frost (of Oakland.*, and
Dunlap, a bye. t
In. singles:- A. A. Moore beat M. Cerf.
6—3. 3—6, 6 — 4. 7—5; A. A- Moora tied Dr.
Lrfvne, 4-4; William Collier beat William
Allen. 6—2, 6—1, and, allowing a handicap
of "half thirty," won. 6-3. Punnett lost
to William Allen. 6—3. 7-6, 6— I. String
ham won from Whipple, allowing odds of
"thirty." 6-2. 6-3; Dr. Phillip beat Pun
nett. 6 — 3. 6—3; Howard Carey beat A.
Ames. 9—7, 7—9: Carl Gartner beat Her
bert Schmidt, 6—3, 7—5. B. G. Wood was
defeated by R. S. Stubbs. 1— 6.
Chet Smith played a close match with
Bob Fatjo. the champion of Santa Clara
County. Smith managed to win by th©
close score of 5—7. 6—1, 8—6. ! Fatjo waa
handicapped, as he is not .accustomed to
asphalt courts. Other matches resulted
as follows: In doubles: Walter Starr and
Worthington beat Dr. Noble and KUnk.
6—1. 6—2. 6—3: Sidney Salisbury and Or
vllle Pratt beat Frank Stringham and
Whlpple, 7-6. 6-4; M. Cerf and Dr. Noblo
beat, Worthington and Klink, 6—3; B. O.
Wood and G. N. Armsby defeated I*. E.
Wood and R. S. Stubbs, 2-6, 6r-4. 6-3,
6—4.
The tennis players were busy yesterday
on the California Club courts, most of tha
experts being out for practice. The best
match was that between George Whitney
and Harold Crowell. ' Whitney waa right
on edge and disposed of hi* opponent
rather easily by the score of I 6—1, fr-2.
6 — 4. Crowell played his best tennis in
the last set. but could not . win against
the clever strokes of the champion.
California Club Matches.
Tournament in Golden Gate Park.
Unattached Fiayers Commence a
TENNIS-PI*AYERS MEET
ON VABIOXTS COUSTS
"Chlswlck Church was passed in eleven
minutes thirty-nine seconds by the lead
ers. At the beginning 'of Dukes Mead
ows Huntley called on his men for the ef
fort of their lives. They mu3t catch Cam
bridge now or never. \The Americans and
English heaved to their work with des
perate energy, but the boat would not re
spond. Whether she was overstrained or
her lines were entirely a mistake, as
most judges think,, she certainly did no
credit to Dr. Warre when the pace was
most wanted. Nothing seemed to close
that fatal gap, and before Barnes Bridge
was reached, in fifteen minutes' flTty-six
seconds, Cambridge, rowing with - Im
mense vigor and dash, crossed to the bct-
Oxford's Boat Is Handicapped.
"Cambridge made the gap two lengths
of open water under Hammersmith's
bridge, which was passed in seven min
utes twenty-two seconds, Oxford beinff
more than ten seconds behind. This ad
vantage the light blues retained for some
time, but after passing Chlswlck Eyot
Oxford made a 'magnificent spurt, In
which the power and swing of J. G. Mil
burn and Long were especially remarked
by the spectators. The result was soon
seen, for the dark blue oars went slowly
up and wiped a length ort the lead, but
they, could do no more.
"The weather was frightful, but there
.was not much wind, walch fact favored
Cambridge. Both secured a. good start,
and Cambridgo put In thirty-eight strokes
to Oxford's thirty-seven in the .first min
ute. At the end of that period Cambridge
began to establish a lead, which waa
never lost. At the Crabtree Cambridge
was a length ahead, the first mile being
covered in four minutes forty seconds in
a heavy storm of rain.
"At Harrod's both crews were rowing
thirty-two strokes to the minute. Young
MUburn, at "two," was doing good work
at this point, while his big brother, at
"five." was heaving his weight on so that
the water boiled about his blade.
Race Is Bowed in Bad Weather.
"Cambridge won the boat race by more
than five lengths. F6r the first time in
the history of the race Two Americans
rowed in one crew. Unluckily, the broth
ers MUburn were not in the winning boat.
"Many of the critics put down Oxford a
failure to the fact that they rowed in a
boat not suited to them. Dr. "Warre de
signed-a new boat for this year's "race,
which differed from his model of last
year, but it was quite unsuited to the
Oxonians, with the result that they were
obliged to use the boat which had been
strained In last year's race and in ,thla
year's practice. Cambridge, on the other
hand, was exactly suited with. a new and
splendidly built boat.
LONDON. March 22.— The following de
scription of the boat race was written by
Theodore A. Cook, the well-known Oxford
PUTNEY. England, March 22.— The
Cambridge. University crew ful
filled-- the expectations of tha
prophets to-day and won '. the
fifty-ninth boat race with Ox
ford Unlve.slty as they liked. The time
was 19 minutes 9 seconds. At no time
throughout the race did Oxford In the
slightest degree flatter the hopes of tho
supporters of the dark. blue. Any possible
chance the Oxonians might have hail was
shattered by the result of the toss giving
the light blues (Cambridge) all the ad
vantage of station." Immense crowds, aa
usual, turned out to view the contest,
and the weather, though showery, was
not so inclement as it had been most of
the previous years; :./'
--'¦'i ¦' :.'--*¦ - - I
ter water on the Middlesex shore, a Ions
way ahead of her courageous rival.
"Cambridge had all. the lucR, won the
toss and naturally chese the Surrey side,;
for in that long. figure eight which is the-
English championship course the boat bill
that side has an advantage along the I
huge bend, about two miles and a half In
length. Not a man of the Oxford crew
gave up until the flag fell. They weiti
rowing as hard when they came In- as
when th.c Issue wad still uncertain— in the
lirst stages of the race.
"There has never been so large a crowrl
all along th» four and a quarter miles of
this trying course. By the large number
of Americans present it was evident thev
understood the exceptional interest at
tached to this coronation boat race, which
•was enhanced by the good work dona by
the two Buffalo boys."
Cambridge .Wins Handily by Eight Lengths, the Opposing
Crew Being Absolutely Rowed Out — For First Time in
History of Race Two .Americans Participate in* Contest
OXFORD IS DEFEATED
IN ANNUAL BOAT RACE
CORBETT WILL TAKE "FITZ'S"
PLACE AND FIGHT "JEFF"
The Californian, -Who Give-Jeffries the Hardest Run in His
RingCareer, Seeks Another Chance for the Championship.
Stipulates That the Meeting Shall Take Place in August
RICHMOND, Va.. March 22.-James
J. Corbett, who is appearing here
as a member of a theatrical com
pany, telegraphed Harry Corbett
to-day to challenge James J. Jef
fries to a fight with him should Roteit
Fitzsimmons refuse to fight under the of
f*r of the Los Angeles club. Ocrbrtt puts
up a $1000 forfeit and a side bet of &0W.
"Jim is apparently not familiar with the
situation in Lk>s Angeles," paid Harry
Corbett last night. "He specifies that
the fight shall take place in August, ap
parently overlooking the fart that tne
Los Angeles men are at present endeavor
ing to arrange a myth for Fiesta week,
in May.
"Jim is uno*oubtdly anxious for another
bout and names August as a suitable
month, as that would give him ample
time to train. He will soon reach the
«>nd of his theatrical season and will en
ter upon his summer vacation. This is
the time he would devote to any match
we may be able to maJte for him out
here."
such a battle recently in Lou'sville, but
have received no word from him.
Britt offers to fight him at loO pounds,
Hive or take two pounds. The Calilornta
\joy can light at 130 pounds, but is setting
a higher limit in ord^r to have* no worry
over the weight question while he is*
training.
If Britt fights in th's city In April it is
a foregone conclusion he will fight in
Oakland within a week thereafter If he
is successful in his first venture. Charley
Long, representing Jimmy. Lawlor, has
been authorized to I make a match for a
bet of $1000. Manager I>avigne of the
Acire Club. Oakland, has offertd them a
date— the SOth of April.
The receipts of the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club's tournament Friday. night wtrj
approximately $5200. NeiJl received $1500
as his share, while Ferns received $800,
and $500 went to the men in the prelim
inary. The National Club was allowed
$50) as a balm for the injured feelings of
its managers. They had Neill and Ferns
matched but did not receive the permit
for the light from the Board of Super
visors, although the Police Committee fa
vored them.'
Seek a Match for Jimmie Britt.
The officials of the YoseinHe Athletic
Club are experiencing some difficulty in
finding a lightweight who will take on
Jimmy Britt. They have wired an offer to
Dave Sullivan, who gave Terry McGovern
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
Another Match £6> Derby Night
r BOSTON. March 22.—George Gardner
and Jack O'Brien have signed articles to
box at the Southern Athletic Club. Louis
ville. May 3. Derby night. The men Will
weigh in at 160 pounds. " .
THE SAN FRAjSTCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
Large- Portion of Million-Dollar Estate Left by Its v Paternal
" Grandfather, Who 'Died in This } City Two Years Ago
Preliminaiy Steps Will Be Taken Soon to .Secure for the \ Child
LITTLE JOSE LOAIZA MAKES
READY TO FIGHT FO R WEALTH
30
CONTESTANT.
Young ..........
Battu
Brotherton
Mocker .........
Tormey . . . • .'."."."•'•
Brooks v .........
Everett ..... .;.
Klemlff. T. C...
Skinner .....
Golcher ... :.i...
Mansfield . .'.
KlerUlff. W. J...
R«*d .... ...
I^awrence ......
Muller
- ah > r
n%
• Z "3
: v S^ OS-
: -.¦ : _ I?.
93 80 83.4
. 85 77.8 83 "
110 88.8 85.8
04 85.4 75.4
.... 56.4 55.4
102 90.8 77.4
104 88T8 80 \i
'73 85 81. 8^
..-..I84M 87. Sh
124T89 - 90 :-\>
.... 93.8 89;8lf
-80 72.4 68.87;
, 85 85 r srs.-ll
|7l-: 8:i:8U
101 00.4 81. 8fi
Delicacy.
1?? pi
2." ¦ <¦> -
• *'¦'' :
r7:6 80^
JO. 10 8t.5i
id. 2 82.5
36.8 81
rO ' - 62.8
50 '¦ I 78. 8 1
W.IO* 80.6'
r2J6 77.1
re. 8 82.2
50 '85
«.4 66.6
r.i.4 71 -
rT.6 84.8
55.1OT 74.8
rs.iol 78. 9
3|
• 5"
: *
• ¦ •
84.3
77.3
'. . . .
I---'
jaV.i
Even Unto Old Age You May Feel the Vigor of
Youth With Its Light Jieart, Elastic Step,
/Courage and Tireless Energy. You
// Miay Be Free From Pains arid
jN Aches and Defy Your Years.\ V';
: j*te& V y^ 0^^ will 'proclaim, as other men 'have,. ¦! '
zj^ "I AM A MAN!"
\ X Wk Like the £ iants of olJ ' >' ou can be in y° UT P ri me at
ililifillll^ tify/yvSm S1Kiy — stron^' vigorous and full of youthful enthusiasm.
!* J HfcgzffllBBreiSS^OiV: \?<%txS\ Z^jfl E. B. Miller. Compton ave.. Los Angeles. Cal.. writes March 7. 1902- "I
JD555BE. jKuT JETi '*^yrr-£S^% have used y° ur nl S" Krade belt fir two months for lama back, rheumatism "aad
¦S^mfjK^Sk. s^ysSn^jys: as.* miraculous cure> M J was aimosi a ™<*
MSSVaM / AE&k If you feel >' oun^ >* ou are young. Youth is strength.
/^S^ yOU iave stren » t^ 1 >' ou can et "y your years.
¦fTVy^HBj /JSpi " M^ EIectric Belt wil1 warm your heart and fill your
//j^^^ l/^^Kk body with the lire of youth. It will limber your joints' and
' //jrmfflMl //vS. pUt sprin S s in ,y° ur le S 3 - It will make you feel glad with
//IWm " ; • % IKi ' the joys of youthful y^ or - 84'f" '¦ ¦
II ¦ ¦ wS^ J'J^k' vfflM J" 81 as 1 did when * waa ™ or 40 year* old I am ahl* t^->^ JzZ* \ t
li fflm'^IlL^ SiSa.?Sa"is: i^- x shcu^^ * m -^ cit w Ord^ P -^ ss
If Z^M»' j^^^^^ Isn't that food for skeptics? Such letters as I receive
.'•/'¦yy^HH^^r^JK' wotlId convert even a bigoted old-school doctor, and he
M-\\ y^^M Can SGe n ° ' S °° cl m an y thin S but physic. •
C \ Jm^SlffgjfM^^ Give me a man With pains in hi^ back^a dull ache in
/ jj^y^^"»JJlm^^^^^' his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains ~in his shoul-
. "" ¦ . S Ji *^W ¦ ders, chest and sides, Sciatica in his hip, Lumbago, Rheu-
'matism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his rching body and drive
out every sign of pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn.
Wt l^' S CnUrely We " an ° X W0Uld #'£» l»00 for myBel/lf I cou W not
They come every day from everywhere^ There is not a town or hamlet in the coqntry
which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. * '
Now what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to ; bc
can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is there a i. remedy * which is as simple as
easy to use/ as sure to cure, and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin s. Electric Belt? I have not seen
one. You. must try/it. .In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their future hap-
piness, try it now. Act this: minute. Such a matter ought not to be delayed.
Ith as'good for wonienas for men; AVornwhije you 'sleep, itcauses no trouble YoU feel
the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burning, Win old-style belts"'
Galltp-day, or send for my beautiful bookV fulgof the things a man likes'to read^'f ht
.wants to.be. astrong man. I send it sealed, free, if you will-inclose this ad.
CAUTION! Beware of medical concerns off ering "Electric Belts Free " This off^r J* nnlv => fr,vi- ? ' t • * : i
C/\U I lUN. age of med icines upon you^C O. D. Write to me for explanation oVthc trick" tr^ to^ otst a pack "
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, t6^
| /;.: ;.o/ fl ce:H C ur a :s^m:to8: 3 0p^
99®eeQe9Q®Q0eeQ9990900999Q0009e9QQ99QQ99ti&9e9»a^aa^^^^J^Z A aPolice Arrest Suspected Thieves.
Miss Scott Is a sister T ln-law of Attorney
General John Sheets of Ohio. The latter
has been making arrangement to go north
this spring in search of his missing rela
tive. Her power of attorney was held by
H. O. Blankenshio of Nome, who, un
known to her. had disposed of certain of
her mining interests for $40,000. When
she wrote she. had> just learned that she
would receive this ¦ fortune when Bhe
reached Nome the coming summer. Miss
Scott formerly taught school here. : -;.
TACOMA, March 22.— Miss Emma Scott,
a Tacoma woman who was j believed to
have perished • north of Nome last fall of
exposure and starvation. Is alive and well
in Candle City, in the Kotzebue Sound
country. A letter written in Candle City
on December 7 has been received In Ta
coma by Mrs. Daniel, with whom Miss
Scott lived. The letter tells of the great
hardships Miss. Scott endured while on
the prospecting trip that was supposed, to
have ended fatally.
Is Heard From.
MISS SCOTT IS LIVING.
Nome Young Woman Reported Dead
REDDING, March 22.— The petition for
an injunction against the Mountain Cop
per Company, restraining it from proceed
ing with its present method for tho treat
ment of ore at - the KeswlcK smelter, was
denied to-day in the Superior Court by
Judge Sweeney.
Must Tolerate Smelter Fumes.
AUSTIN, Tex., March 22.— News from
Lytton Springs to-day Is to the effect that
a posse. Is still In pursuit of outlaws who
shot into the Palmer House last night.
It is now known that four of the posse
have been shot and injured as follows:
John Palmer, shot in foot; Tom Roberts,
shot in, hand; Louis Card well, shot in
hand; Frank Williams, shot in hand.
None of the men is seriously injured.
Outlaws Shoot Officers.
George Llewllng, Twenty-fourth Field
Artillery, died of pneumonia at the Gen
eral. Hospital yesterday morning.
Captain Thomas L. Smith. Twenty
eighth Infantry, has been assigned to
duty in the discharge camp at Angel
Island.
Prisoners at the * Presidio have been
crawling under, over and through the
stockade, and the military authorities
have decided to take steps to curtail this
liberty on the part of the offenders.
William A. Farnham and William J.
Funk, both of the Twenty-eighth Infantry,
have each been sentenced to dishonorable
discharge and confinement at Alcatraz fo»
two and one-haif years, the former for
fraudulent enlistment and the latter for
desertion.
Arrangements are being made for the
annual practice with the big guns at Fort
Point. Targets will be floated In the har
bor and as soon as necessary precautions
for the protection of shipping can be
taken the work will commence.
Prevent Escapes of Prisoners
From the Stockade.
Military Authorities Take Steps to
TO COMMENCE PRACTICE
WITH ABTTT.T.KBY GTJNS
"The management of this theater de
sire to inform their patrons that here
after there will be no regular reservations
for first nights. A clean box sheet will be
open to all on Thursday morning of each
week preceding our Monday opening
night,"
The Columbia Theater has probably
the largest salable first night liEt of any
theater'west of New York City, and Inva
riably when a particularly strong attrac
tion comes along all the choice seats are
taken up long befcre the regular sale be
gins on the preceding Thursday.
In future every one will have an equal
chance to procure seats for the opening
right or any other night. Manager Gott
lob instructed the box office not to reserve
scats until they are asked for on Thurs
day. Society people, who have been tn
the habit of securing the best seats in the
house without any effort on their part,
will have to take the same chances as the
ordinary theater-goers.
The managers of the Columbia Theater
have at last awakened to the fact that
the privilege that has been extended cer
tain of their patrons has worked a hard
ship on regular theater-goers. Yesterday
the following notice was sent out to those
who held reservations for -first night per
formances:
draws Privileges Granted to Cer
tain of Its Patrons.
Columbia Theater Management With-
"FIBST NIGHT" LIST .
HAS BEEN ABOLISHED
FRESNO, March 22.— In an exciting con
test to-night the Eugene bowling team of
San j Francisco defeated the Los Angeles
team for the championship of the Pacific
Coast. The Los Angeles team was com
posed of Messrs. Dyslnger, Kirkpatrick,
Tompkins, Simpson and McCully; the San
I Francisco team of Messrs. Leap, Theberg,
Birdsall, Thorpe and Eacret.
The alleys were in splendid shape. The
members of both teams were > unanimous
in pronouncing them by far the best they
had ever bowled on. The contest started
at 8:30 o'clock. The first game went to
San Francisco, the score standing 827 to
821. The next two were won by Los Ange
les, the scores being 860-813. 840-793. The
.Eugenes took the fourth game, the score
ending with a total of 893 points for them,
against 856 for their opponents.
The last game was the most exciting of
the evening. Thorpe of San Francisco was
the star, and during the game succeeded
in piling up 228 ' points, making seven
strikes, i Eight strikes were made during
the game. When the last ball was rolled
San Francisco's men had piled up a total
of 924 points Los Angeles having 840.
San Francisco was declared the winner,
having a total of thirty points more than
the opposing team. . ,.
Exciting Contest in
Fresno.
refeat the Los Angeles Team in an
EUGENE BOWIiEBS WIN
COAST CHAMPIONSHIP
LOS ANGELES. March 22.— The Young
Men's Republican League gave a banquet
at Blanchard's Hall this evening, at
which j there was an attendance of 4000.
Speeches •were made by prominent Re
publicans from the northern as well as
the southern part of the State. George
A. Knight's toast was "The President,"
Samuel M. Shortrldge responded to "The
Army and Navy," D. E. McKlnley's sub
ject was "Industrial America" and John
A. ¦ Mott of Los. Angeles discussed ¦ "Our
future." Letters of regret were re*
ceived from President Roosevelt, mem
bers of., the Cabinet and other distin
guished Republicans. Delegations were
present from many Southern California
cities. - . ¦ ¦
Republicans at a Banquet.
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 221— Plans are
being completed by the Eastern Sugar
Company tif New Jersey and New York
for the erection at once of a beet sugar
factory with a capacity of 500 tons of
beets a day. , To secure this plant, the
residents of the Salt River Valley gave
a bonus of $45,000 and contracted to plant
5000 acres of beets. The Eastern Sugar
Company, of which H. J. Braker of New
York Is president. Is now letting contracts
for the erection of its plant, which is to
be located ten miles northwest of Phoe
nix, on the line of the Central Arizona
branch of the Santa Fe railway.
Sugar Factory Near Phoenix.
The ordinary and extraordinary ex
penses in Europe are placed at £3,000,000,
while nitrate duties will produce £3.250,000,
leaing a surplus. The saltjeter duties
will give £250,000 and, in addition, there
will be remittances from Europe of £310.
000. The Government, it Is announced,
will practice economies. The budget pro
poses the sale of the saltpeter and giiano
fields and grounds on the Straits of Ma
gellan, which will render it unnecessary
to have recourse to the proposed loan.
SANTIAGO DE> CHILE, March 22.—Ac
cording to official documents just made
public, the finances of Chile are in a sat
isfactory condition. The Government Is
shown by these documents to have sufil
clenfc funds to4neet the ordinary and ex
traordinary expenses of the administra
tion without being obliged to resort to the
loan of £3,000,000 authorized by Congress.
Is in Possession of Abun
dant Coin.
Of ncial Statement Shows the Country
CHILE HAS THE MONEY
BUT XEANS TO ECONOMT
~ Captain I* H. Turner (retired); detailed
on the examining board, has returned
from a . trip to Alaska and reported fo*
duty. . .
Carl Schilling has been . elected lieuten
ant Junior. grade *ln the first division. \ .
Captain Thomas, A. ; Nerney ¦ has made
"application for a- vessel in order- that the
Naval. Militia may have a. cruise either
In the> summer or" early fall. The ap
plication has ; been\ forwarded to the ad
jutant; who in turn will make application
to . the United States ; Navy Department
for a ship. • /¦ <: ' -. • o;» . ¦...¦_ '
Captain Turner Is Back. »
Notes of Interest.
Seventeen enlisted men . have been dis
charged from the Fifth Infantry — 11 on
account of removal, 2 for good , of the
service, 2 at- expiration of service and 2
by a two-thirds vote of the company.
An election will take place In Company
G of the Fifth for captain, vice Wethern,
term about to expire.
The First Battalion of Artillery, Major
Bush' commanding, will have a parade
on Van Ness avenue to-morrow night,
with band and field music. There will be
guard mount, escort of colors and bat
talllon parade. The new officer of the
day Is Captain NIppert. -
The following resignations have been
accepted: ; />
Second Lieutenant Samuel Schestedt. Troop
B, Cavalry; First Lieutenant Franklin F. Bar
ton Company E. Sixth Infantry; Second Lieu
tenant A. H. Irving, Battery A, First Artil
lery; Fred- M. Miller. Company I. Second In
fantry: First Lieutenant Farn E. Young, and
Second Lieutenant t, Ashley B. Farless, Bat
tery D. First Artillery; Captain A. W. Brad
bury, First Brigade; Captain George L. Mo-
Keeby Seventh Infantry; Francis Warren, oap
taln Company H, First Infantry, and First
Lieutenant Justin H. Stewart, Company. H,
Seventh Infantry.
Colonel D.E. Miles, until recently ad
jutant on the division staff, .has been
placed on the retired list with the rank
of colonel. • .¦
The following changes in the Naval Mi
litia are .announced: , ':''¦'¦-¦¦
< Seaman George- F. Brlckwedel, first division,
is hereby, appointed chief ¦ master-at-arms. vico
Brophy. promoted; Chief Petty Officer John
Beattle. first division. Is hereby appointed chief
boatswain's mate; Chief Master-at-Arms
George F. Brlckwedel. and Chief Boatswain's
Mate John Beattle, assigned ¦ to duty on ; the
U.- 8 S. Marion on the. staff of the command-
Ing officer of the naval militia.
,". Upon the recommendation of the commanding
officer of the sixth division, the following pro
motions have been 1 made: Master-at-Arms W.
B. • Stafford, to ¦ be ; quartermaster first class,
vice • Smith, discharged ;• gunner's mate, first
class, -W. E., Thompson.- to 'be- boatswain's
mate first class, vice O'Neil,' promoted; boats
wain's mate, second class. Gil Kimberly.. to
be moster-at-arms, first • class, ¦ vice Stafford,
promoted ; 8eoman A. L. Cald well. . to. be <un
ner's mate.' first ' class, ¦ vice Thompson, pro
moted ; quartermaster, ¦¦ second class, . Harry
Hlxenbaugh to be boatswain's mate, second
class,' vice Klmberly. . promoted; . Seaman Wil
liam Walker, to be quartermaster, second class.
vice v Hlxenbaugh;^ promoted; Seaman Rlohanl
Jenkins, to be coxswain, vice Ord, discharged;
Seaman Laurence : Bates, • to be coxswain, vice
Orr, discharged.
Twenty-four men have been discharged
from the'Naval Militia— 15 on account-of
removal, • 5 at • expiration of service, ¦ and
4 , for the good or the service.
James Anthony, ex-pugillst; was as
saulted last evening In the Star- saloon,
57 Third street, by a man who gave the
name of Frank Manning. The men. were
discussing pugilism when a heated . argu
ment ensued. --. and.-. 'Manning,:, -..without
warning, jumped at Anthony and. clutch
ing him by the throat, almost choked him
into insensibility. . He then/drew an old
fafchloned thirty-eight, caliber revolver
from his pocket: and"; was about to strike
Anthony on the head with"-; It ..when sev
eral .bystanders -went to.- the rescue and
dragged Manning 'away.i^fPollce '.Officers
P W. Herlihy. and *T.^J.-;Kavanaugh,
who: were called in, .arrested Manning.
He refused. ito give any -account of him
self beyond* volunteering, the information
that he came here from: Los Angeles.
Manning was taken, to the* Southern sta
tion, where he was charged, with an.as
sault' with a deadly weapon. .,'..•'¦
degree since the first of the year, and
the officers feel very much encouraged by
the enthusiasm displayed by the men."
An election has been ordered In Com
pany C, First Infantry, vice Captain
Moore, term expired.
The following changes In the Fifth In
fantry are announced:
Company B — Corporal Eugene 'Lynn to be
sergeant; Corporal J. Longdon to be sergeant;
Prirate Thomas J. McGeoghegan to be cor
poral. Company C — Prlvatea L. Armstrong and
E. Edison to be corporals. Company F—Corpo
ral Edmund W. Davis to be wergeant; Privates
Roger Chubb Jr. and Charles A. Sullivan to be
corporals. Company I — Sergeant B. A. Wall
man to be first- sergeant; Corporal Benjamin
Carroll to be sergeant; Private Fred Mally to
be corooral. , '.¦'¦'.
Upon his own request, approved by his
company commander, Corporal William F. Zim
merman, Company C, has been reduced to the
ranks. ¦ ¦
by Attempting to Strike James
Anthony With a Revolver. :
Frank Manning Ends an Argument
MAN" FBOM LOS ANGELES »
ASSAULTS EX-PUGILIST
William Munroe was arrested last night
at" the corner of Sutter and Kearny
streets by Police ' Officer P. K Smith and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
robbery. The officer's attention was called
to- a scuffle '• between two- men. "One of
these was Dennis^ Fields,' an' employe of
the California Machine Works, living at
330A Fremont street. ¦ : ¦ ¦•-...
Fields claimed that Munroe asked him
for money with which to get a bed and,
being refused, attempted to grab a gold
nugrgetpin from Fields' necktie. Munroe
admits asking for' the , money, but/says
that Fields struck him and he retaliated.
In the struggle that followed Munroe
claims that Fields lost his necktie, and
that he did not attempt to rob him. As
soon as' Munroe was placed under arrest a
search was made of the place where the
trouble occurred and Fields' necktie and
pin were found lying in the {jutter.
HIS DEMAND FOR MONEY
LEADS TO GRAVE CHARGE
roe Attempted to Bob Him
of Necktie ; Pin.
Dennis Fields Claims William Mun-
Burrell Bawklns lived with his son on
the Applegate place. Shortly after his
father's disappearance the son removed
the stock and furniture from the ranch to
a farm near Orillia, where he lived with
his mother, who was divorced and had
previously resided in Seattle. Later they
left the country and their whereabouts
is unknown. Carter and other neighbors
believe Bawklns was killed by his son,
who was then 15 years old. He and the
boy frequently Quarreled. A few days be
fore he disappeared he told Carter that
the boy had made away with his rifle and
revolver. After Bawkins' death the boy
appeared In Auburn and said his father
had gone away permanently.
TACOMA; March 22.-A skeleton found
by B. H. Carter In Carters Canyon, near
Auburn, King County, was to-day identi
fied by a watch and the clothing as that
of Burrell Bawklns, who disappeared at
about Christmas, 1899. Dr. Hoye. the
Coroner of King County, and his brother,
C. E. Hoye of Auburn, made an Investi
gation and express the opinion that
Bawkins was murdered.
Son of a Washington
Rancher.
Suspicion of Murder Rests Upon the
ITNDING OF SKELETON
PBOOP OF A TBAGEDY
NEW YORK. March 23.— There is a
possibility that bridge work on the great
structure known as the East River bridge
and all other Iron work on buildings In
the course of construction In New York
will come to a sudden stop on May 1 next,
the Brooklyn Eagle will say to-morrow.
On or before that date, the representa
tives of the Housesmiths' and Bridge
smiths' Union will demand an advance of
wages from their present scale) to forty
cents an hour. Unless their demands are
met with they are determined to stop
work throughout the entire county. If
they so decide, work will not only bo
stopped on the new custom-house build
ing and structures In the course of erec
tion for several largo department store*
In Manhattan, but also on the other two
contemplated bridges.
As a matter of fact -work will be tied tip
in all directions where steel and Iron
workers are concerned. This will not
only affect the completion of the cable
making on the Eastern district bridge,
but will also stop the work of .erecting
the steel work for the suspended struc
ture across the river, which Is In the
hands of the Pennsylvania Steel Com
pany. The Pennsylvania Steel Company
id part of the American Bridge Company.
Even at this early date demands have
been made to the Pencoyd Bridge Works
for an advance In wages. The demand is
for 40 cents -an hour for structural . and
bridge construction workers. All bridge
workers are membes of the Housesmiths'
and Bidseamiths' Union. It Is known that
D. F. Mclntyre of Pittsburgh national sec
retary, has received the vote from at
least thirty lodges, each in favor of de
manding the advance for 40 cents per
hour for eight hours as a day's work.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
LOS ANGELES. March 22.— Mayor 8. M.
Jones of Toledo. Ohio, to-night addressed a
meeting of Los Angeles citizens In Hazard's
Pavilion on Industrial questions. N. O. Nelson
of St. Louis also spoke. There was a large
attendance of labor union people.
SAN RAFAEL. March 22. — Mrs. Aogrurta
Svensen of Novato was brought to tMa city
to-day to be committed for Insanity. Her hus
band left her and their child some time ago
and no trace of him has been found.. The wl.'o
brooded over the desertion bo much that it af
fected her mind. '¦
MONTEREY. March 22. — A deed of convey
ance to a large portion of Llano de Buena Vteta
Rancho has been filed In this county by -John
A. Drlnkhouso. administrator of the estate of
Ernest Heyn, deceased. Henry Bardln of Sa
linas is the purchaser and the consideration
is $20.78S.
WASHINGTON; March 22.— Assistant Secre
tary of the Treasury' Taylor to-day sold i»
Felix Iiman, real estate dealer. In Philadel
phia, the old mint buildings and grounds. The
price was $2,000,000. part of the purchase
money to be paid Immediately and the balance
within six months.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— Louis Waldsteln, '
a former. San Francisco newspaper man,
died here to-day of congestion of the
lungs. Waldsteln was a native of Ger
many. His body will bo Interred In th*
Hills of Eternity Cemetery at San Fran
cisco. \ - .-
James J. Sheckles.
SANTA MONICA, March 22.— James J.
Sheckles, a pioneer of 1850, Is dead at his
home in this city. Mr. Sheckles settled *
in Sacramento In 1852, afterward moving
to Carson Valley and thence to Santa
Monica. He was prominent in fraternity
circles.
HUSBAND DIES BY __
SIDE OF HIS WIFE
During His Sleep.
chardist of Niles, Passes Away
Daniel Martenstein, a Prominent Or-
OAKLAND. March 22.— Daniel Marten
stein, a Nlles orchardlst, was found dead
in bed beside his wife at 12:30 o'clock
this morning by his son, who had gone
to the bedroom to awaken his father that
he might take some medicine.
The husband retired last evening com
plaining of ill health. When the young
man returned home from an entertain
ment at Niles he was to arouse his father.
It was then he discovered that life had
fled. Death had come so peacefully that
Mrs. Martensteln was not aroused until
her son awakened her. The deceased
rancher had lived for fifteen years near
Niles on the Tyson place. He was for
merly In the milling business in San
Francisco. He leaves a wife, two sons
and a daughter. Mr. Martenstein was 57
years ef age. a native of Indiana. An
inquest will be held.
Finds Her Mother Bead.
BERKELEY, March 22.— Mrs. Isabeil
Woods, an aged widow, residing on Le
Conte avenue, was found dead in bed
this morning by her daughter, Mrs. C.
Wilson. Mr?. Woods lived alone and her
daughter's home was near by. Not see
ing her mother this morning Mrs. Wilson
went to her place, but had to get help to
force an entrance Into the house. Death
is supposed to be due to natural causes.
An inquest will be held.
Death of Mrs. E. C. Van Winkle.
OAKLAND, March 22.— Mrs. Elizabeth
C Van Winkle, a sister of the late Dr. R.
Beverly Cole of San Francisco, died to
day at the Galindo Hotel. She was a
widow. 78 years of age. The funeral will
be held Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock
from St. John's Episcopal Church.
All efforts failed to get from representa
tives of either the Imperial or the Uni
versal admission of an alliance, but there
is reason to believe that the two will co
operate In fighting the American Com
pany and virtually pool Interests In buy
ing. To-night It is practically known that
the Imperial will put twenty-five or thirty
million pounds of leaf on this and the
Western markets. ¦
Tills strengthens the impression In to
bacco circles that th© two companies will
work together against the American To
bacco Company on the latter" s own soil
in the same manner that the American
Tobacco Company has gone to England
and bearded the British company there.
While all information is denied at tho
office of- the Imperial Company It is be
lieved that the arrangement between the
two companies will consist, at least in
part, of making the buyers of the- Uni
versal Company the buyers for the Im
perial also.
RICHMOND, Va,. March 22.— B. K.
Jones, the Danville (Va.) agent of the
Universal Tobacco Company, was In tji©
city to-day and held i a . conference with
A. F. Thomas, one of the representatives
of the Imperial Tobacco Company of
Great Britain, which has established
headquarters here.
."• AUGUSTA." Me".; March 22.— Joseph H." Man
ley to-day announced . that for business and per
sonal reasons he had declined to accept the po
sition • of . First Assistant ¦ Postmaster . General,
tendered 1 him 1 by. Postmaster General Payne.
.The attendance of the members of.com
panies at the weekly; drills of the First
Infantry has Increased in ¦ a remarkable
It has been decided that' the ."at home",
to be given in the Page-street Armory
by the officers of the First Regiment of
Infantry will be on the 6th of April. This
is to be a strictly military- function. .In
vitations have been sent to • the : com
mander in chief and his staff, the major
general and staff and to officers— of the
other military organizations in- this city
and vicinity. <
First Regiment at Home.
There appears to. be a revival of inter
est in the ranks of the First Infantry
Regiment, and there is a movement at
this time to recruit the several companies
to the full quota on the ground that eight
companies with a full quota -each, will
make a better showing than "twelve com
panies with membership at the mini
mum.. To stimulate recruiting; the; board
of officers of the regiment at its meeting
on the 18th inst. decided to offer a trophy
for such and several regimental and com
pany prizes will be offered to- the individ
ual enlisted men who shall have secured
the greatest number of K recruits between
January and September of this year.
The statement that there was no room
in the National Guard , for the engineer
company that was organized for the.pur
pose of attachment to the First Infantry
so as to bring the regiment up to a nine
company one and make. room for a major
who has been on waiting orders since the
four, companies drew- out 'and organized
Into an artillery battalion has been veri
fied by the fact that when application
was made to the adjutant general at Sac
ramento for permission . to muster in the
recently organized company' permission
was refused on the ground that all or
ganizations allowed by law had been ac
cepted and located. ' ¦ ,-
Lieutenant Thomas W. Costello has
been elected captain of Company H of
the First Infantry, vice Frank w. War
ren, who, after being in command since
1893 and a member of the company since
1883, resigned. The election was unani
mous. During the Spanish- American war
Captain Costello was a volunteer in tho
Third United States Artillery, was pres
ent at the capture ; of Manila and after
that took part in twelve engagements. On
his return to this city and discharge from
the • service he enlisted In the First In
fantry and a short, time thereafter was
commissioned an officer and has now been
promoted captain of his company by a
unanimous vote. * k .-:'.¦
No Room for Company.
Returns of property for quarter ending De
cember 31, 19U1— First Lieutenant F. L. Mar
tin. Signal Corps, Third Brigade; First Lieu
tenant John R. Tyrrell, Company I, Second In
fantry; Captain Luclen Beer, Company G,
Sixth Infantry; Captain Truman Cole, Com
pany C, Seventh Infantry.
Naval Militia— Lieutenant Carl E. Lindsay,
Fourth Division. • , - .
Demands for quarter ending December 31,
1001 — Captain J. J. Blick, Signal Corps, First
Brigade; First Lieutenant F. L. Martin, Signal
Corps, Third Brigade; First Lieutenant John R.
Tyrrell, Company I, Second Infantry; Captain
Lucien Beer, Company G, Sixth Infantry; Cap
tain Truman Cole, Company C, Seventh Infan
try. . ¦ ¦•_-••¦•¦¦
Monthly returns for December, 1901 — Captain
J. I>. Frederick, Troop D, Cavalry; Captain J.
J. Blick, Signal Corps, First Brigade; Captain
Lucien Beer, Company G; Sixth Infantry; Cap
tain H. E. Mitchell, Company M, Seventh In
fa Naval Militia— Lieutenant T. B. W. Leland,
First Division; Lieutenant Frank Van Vleck,
Engineer Division.
Monthly returns for January, 1902 — Captain
J. J. Blick, Signal Corps, First Brigade; Cap
tain Truman Cole, Company C. Seventh Infan
try: Captain H. E. Mitchell, Company M, Sev
enth Imantry.
Naval Militia — Lieutenant T. B. W. Iceland,
First Division; Lieutenant Roscoe Howard,
Third Division; Lieutenant H. C. Booth. Sixth
Division; Lieutenant Frank Van Vleck, Engi
neer Division.
The following are the commanding offi
cers whose returns or demands were not
received at headquarters within twenty
one days after the expiration of the time
for which the same were made:
University Cadets— John Markey Jr., Shirley
C. Walker and Calvin L.. Esterly. to be cap
tains, and Philip T. Clay, Clarence C. Dakln
and Harry Hollzer, first lieutenants.
University Cadet Officers.
Seventh Infantry — Frank 'C. Prescott, cap
tain: August C. F. Dee, second" lieutenant of
Company C: Herman Stern, second lieutenant
of Company E; Philip A. Collins, captain of
company I (re-elected).
Second Infaatry — William H. White, first
lieutenant of Company A (re-elected) : Joseph
L Garthaffner, second lieutenant of Company
A (re-elected); G. H.Voss, captain of Com
pany D (re-elected). •'
Naval- Militia — Charles C- Falk. lieutenant
Junior grade and surgeon; Alfred Mulretta,
lieutenant Junior grade; Frank W. Slmpson7
ensign first division, arid Joseph J. Brophy, en
sign second division. Certificates of re-election
have been Issued to Thomas S. Harloe. lieu
tenant second division.
Sixth Infantry — Asa R. Newell, captain of
Company B; Charles M. Hamrlck. first lieu
tenant of Company E; Ira E. Wilson, captain
of Company F, and Claud T. Splvy, first lieu
tenant of Company F.
George \V. Nlckerson. first, lieutenant of
Company F; William E. Hinds, first lieutenant
of Company G; John R. Hunter, first lieuten
ant of Company I, V and Josepii O. McKown,
second, lieutenant of the same company.
Second Infantry — James E. M. Taylor, cap
tain; Benedict A. Bost, captain, of Company
C; John P. Kilroy, first lieutenant of Com
pany C.
Fifth Infantry — Leonard M. Farrell, second
lieutenant of Company B; George B. Rodd.
second lieutenant of Company C; Kugene W.
Smith, first lieutenant of Company D. Joseph
K. Hawkins, second lieutenant of Company D;
Curtis C. Covalt. captain of Company F.
Additional JAst of Officers.
First Infantry— Martin H. Wilkens, first
lieutenant and inspector of rifle practice; Her
bert D. Walter, second lieutenant; Walter. N.
Kelly, first • lieutenant of Company B; John
O'Keefle, seeoad lieutenant of Company B;
Reginald H. Kelley, first lieutenant of Com
pany D.
I>i vision staff — Charles Janaes Evans, colonel
and asi.istant adjutant general, division staff.
Cavalry — Charles J. Fulle, captain of
Troop C. ¦ '
Staff of commander in chief — Geonje Stone,
brigaciier general and adjutant general of the
State of California, vice Seamans, deceased. ¦
The inspecting officers acting under the pro
visions of this order are hereby authorized anil
directed to condemn and destroy any and all
State property found to be worn out In service.
Boards of survey will be announced from
these headquarters In due time, for action
upon the loss of State and United States Gov
ernment property, or damage to same caused
by other than ordinary wear, and to determine
the responsibility for such loss or damage.
Inspecting officers are hereby advised that
the commander-ln-chlef requires a thorough
performance of the duty assigned them here
with. Commanding officers will exercise un
usual rare' in the preparation of the muster
rolls of their commands.
Commissions have been issued as fol
lows from superior headquarters:
May Condemn Property.
The field and staff of the several regiments
of Infantry will be inspected and mustered at
regimental headquarters on a date designated
for the inspection and muster of one or more
companies of their respective regiments.
Transportation, only, will be allowed for
regimental field and staff from their homes
to place of muster. \
The commanding officer of. the Naval MlHtia
will fix the dates for the inspection and mus
ter of the headquarters and several divisions of
his command.
Infantry, artillery, cavalry and signal corps
organizations will be paraded In light march
ing order, but with cap and without leggings.
The dress and equipment of the Naval Militia
will be as ordered by the commanding officer
thereof. • .
The annual Inspection and muster of the
Xat.onal Guard and Naval Militia, of Califor
nia will be held between April 15 and July 1.
The inspection will be made by brigade in
spectors and officers detailed from these head
quarters. Brigade commanders will arrange
details and designate dates for Inspection and
muster of their respective brigades, and for
ward copies of all orders relating thereto di
rect to the Inspector general for his informa
tion. V '
There, has been a change in the matter
of inspecting the field and staff of. the
several companies of the infantry regi
ments .of the National Guard of this
State, as appears from the following or
ders issued from headquarters at Sacra
mento:
SAN RAFAEL, March 22.— Robert j H.
Freund. a chemist at 801 ; Sutter street,^
San Francisco, accompanied by Frank
Kane, Secretary of -the Society for.! the
Prevention of Vice; arrived in San Rafael
this morning and instituted a search 't or
the former's missing daughter, Miss Gus
sie Freund, and Harry R... Eklund, an
electrician. Miss Freund, it was asserted,"
has been away from her home for several
months, and the father had . finally
learned that she was with Eklund in this
city. '-:.' ?.-¦ ¦ ' - - " ¦- .
h, klund was found to-day at the place
where', he is employed.- When the irate
parent threatened his arrest he -said If
he were allowed to change his. attire he
would' at once marry Miss Freund. In
stead of keeping his word Eklund began
preparations for a ' hasty departure.'
Freund and Kane then went to the 1 Dis
trict Attorney's office to swear to com
plaints. Eklund, advised of the course of
events, just before the warrant was
served, saved himself by procuring a mar
riage license,
Mr. Freund was not satljtfed until he
saw the couple married. He compelled
them to go before Justice of the Peace
Rodden, where the knot was • tied.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Medical Superintendent Dozier of Napa
believes that Cheeseman is not insane.
He believes that he should be sent to a
penitentiary and not to an insane asylum.
He says he would have discharged Cheese
man long ago. only he felt that such ac
tion would only result In the fellow being
sent back to an asylum again.
The officers are hunting all over the
vicinity of Napa in their endeavor to lo
cate him.
Cheeseman is a dangerous man and has
given the asylum authorities here a great
deal of trouble. -
NAPA. March 22.— Frank H. Cheeseman
made his escape from the asylum by
sawing the bars and padlocks of his room.
In sawing the heavy bars Cheeseraan
used a piece of rough-edged wire, with
a nail in it, and twisted and twisted until
one of the bars bent enough under the
strain to be removed from Its place. He
then let himself down to the ground by
a rope made out of sheeting and took to
the hills back of the asylum.- His escape
was soon discovered by the night watch.
Dr. Bozier Says He Should Be Sent to
J?risozi.
BELIEVES CHEESEMAN SANE.
This is Cheeseman's third successful es
cape from a State hospital. His danger
ous mania, well known in this city, is ren
dered doubly serious because the maniac
has a vein of insane cunning that will
stand him In good stead in his efforts to
elude his pursuers.
He was again recaptured, after three
months of liberty, being identified fn Mon
tana, whence he was returned September,
1899, to Napa.
After the shooting the maniac went to a
number of saloons and telephoned to po
lice headquarters that he had done the
shooting. He was captured that night.
After being held for trial Cheeseman was
committed to the State hospital at Ukiah.
but subsequently was pronounced eane.
Returned to Oakland for trial, he again
became violent and 'was committed to the
Napa hospital, from which he escaped In
January. 1KW. He was recaptured a month
later. In June, 1S99, Cheeseman again es
caped. While he was at large the mys
terious assault occurred upon H. B. Bel
den, a prominent insurance man, who re
sided at Lake and Oak streets. Belden
was called to his door at midnight and
was met by a stranger, who tried to brain
Belden with an ax.- Cheeseman was sus
pected of the attack.
Cheeseman lived in North Oakland,
where he tried by jumping from a wind
mill fan to end his life, following that by
leaping from a ferry-boat, by taking poi
son several times, and each time escap
ing death. After his first discharge from
a State hospital Cheeseman was rational
for a time, but in August, 1898, he shot
and killed Henry Brook, stepfather of
Mi5s Etta Payne, whom he also shot at
their home, 136 Se\enth stieet. The young
woman had become acquainted with the
madman during his lucid interval, but
learned of his previous mental aberration
and then refused to meet him. One even
ing Cheeseman called at the house and
whfn the girl answered his ring began
shooting. Brook was killed while he was
trying to save the girl. She was badly
wounded, but recovered.
The patient's record is a continuous per
formance of murderous acts, coupled with
nine attempts he made to kill himself
while under the bane of his violent mania.
Frank H. Cheeseman. murderer and ma
niac, has escaped from the State Hospital
at Napa. and the police have been warned
that he is heading for Oakland, the scene
of the fugitive's several homicidal deeds.
Chief of Police Hodgrkins has taken steps
to capture Cheeseman as soon as the
bloodthirsty runaway shall arrive,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Brcadway, March 22.
"I had no intention of trying to stop
the rush when I went up on the hill, for
I saw that would be useless. I heard the
noise, as every one In town must have,
and went there to see what was going on.
I soon saw. The matter has not been
put before the committee, nor so far as
I know has any action been taken by any
one. I am really not able to say what
will be done." " \
The war time Is not yet over, for the
faculty now appears In view and no
student knows which way this mighty
host will turn. Professor Babcock says
that the committee to which he belongs
has taken no action and- at this time he
does not know what will be done. He
¦aid this afternoon:
Even in defeat the sophomores have
some things to be cheerful over. The
** '05" was not recognizable on the hi»l
this morning, for It was rubbed out by
struggling masses of humanity, and the
man with the dislocated shoulder is a
freshman.
Three or four seniors witnessed the
rush, and some twenty Juniors. To the
latter the sophomores lay their defeat,
for they say that the juniors cut the
freshmen loose as fast as tied. Professor
Babcock reached the battle-field in time
to see the struggle, but he took no band
either as an arbitrator or otherwise. J.
M. Eshlexnan, president of the student
body, was also there and tried to keep
peace, but In vain.
The rush was one of the best in years,
so the old timers who saw it say, and the
young fellows who took part offer testi
monials in its behalf. A dislocated shoul
der for one. assorted black eyes, cut lips,
bloody noses and to-day a certain stiff
ness of the joints speak volumes for the
"time" the students had In the darkness
on the new San Juan. The man with the
dislocated shoulder is carefully hidden
away in a fraternity house and will be
reported on the sick list for some time.
His injury is not serious.
At 4 o'clock a. m. the battle opened. The
freshmen, some hundred strong, were on
a hillside defending their class number,
and down on them marched the enemy,
eighty in number. With a yell the at
tackers charged and then all was tur
moil.
The night's business may • be the un
doing of many an otherwise promising
lad. for rushing is a forbidden luxury at
the University of California. It is against
all faculty rules and regulations and the
cold xinger of retribution is bound to point
out the men who disobeyed, and were
caught.
The struggle came about .through the
old time custom, inaugurated in the days
when rushing was a part of the curricu
lum at college, of freshmen going up on
the hills behind the university on the
night before Charter day and putting
their class number in large letters of
white on the green below. Naturally
when morning came the sophomores
•would rise in anger at the sight of their
rivals' number in characters which could
be seen for miles around. This led to
rushes, a practice which has not been
abolished, despite faculty edicts.
The freshmen went up on the hills last
night to place upon one their number,
"" '05." and the sophomores followed aJler.
Numerous preliminary skirmishes oc
curred In the small hours which follow
after midnight and the fires of warring
camps blazed from Grizzly Peak to Co-ea
Canyon. The noise of the skirmishing
hosts was all that the occasion demanded
and ended the sleep of many a weary
professor in the eastern part of town.
Cheer on cheer and shouts of threats and
banter echoed and re-echoed through the
hills. They awoke one man at least whom
the students now calculate would better
have slumbered on in peace. Professor
K. C. Babcock of the students' affairs
committee was aroused by the lung
demonstration and he went up on the hill
to see what wat the matter.
BERKELEY, March 22.— Battle raged
between the freshmen and sophomores
of the University of California on the
hills back of the State institution build-
Ings in the darkness of early this morn
ing. The sophomores were defeated— tied
with the plebian hay rope and otherwise
made to feel chagrin, humiliation and the
iron hand of the conqueror.
SAN JOSE, March 22.— James W. Rea,
once the sole boss of> the Republican
party of this county, was hooted and
hissed at at a meeting of the Santa Clara
County Republican League this afternoon,
by the followers of John D. Mackenzie,
who a few years ago was an understudy
of Rea's. The meeting was one of the
most enthusiastic the league ever held
and, was attended, by 330 voters, nearly
all of whom were of the Mackenzie fac
tion. Rea and Dr. McGraw. the latter,
having recently developed reform pro
clivities, had attempted to hold a meeting
ot the County. Republican League ana
choose delegates to the State Convention
vi the Kepuolican League Club. McGraw,
who was president of the league, called
the meeting for this afternoon at 2
iVclock. He had passed the word around
among his friends to be present in force.
• The Mackenzie clique got word of what
was eoins on and marshaled a force of
i«ome- 350 followers, which comp.etely
routed McGraw and Rea.
When McGraw and Rea saw they had
been outflanked and were powerless in
the handsu of the - Mackenzieltes, they
wanted to adjourn the meeting for one
week. Rea appealed to the gathering to
let it go over, in the Interest of harmony.
This started a wrangle, in which Rea
found that he was alone, not a corporal s
guard of workers being leady to assist
State Senator Oneal led the^ opposition
to Rea. He objected to a postponement.
It was an Oneal" meeting and thei crowd
was with him. • ¦ 1\^
There were cheers for Oneal, but there
were nothing but hoots and ridicule for
Rea, who made a valiant fight against
big odds. The hissing was almost more
than Rea could stand, and once or twice
he seemed on the point of turning on the
crowd. Once he said he "did not propose
to be set down upon by men I have cre
atod," meaning Mackenzie, and then he
said he had done more for "Johnnie'
Mackenzie thanfor any one else.
It was decided to proceed with the elec
tion of officers. • Louis Oneal was unani
mously elected president. McGraw at
once gave up the chair and beat a hasty
retreat from the hall. Allen Brant was
elected vice president, A. G. Bennett sec
retary and "VV. F. James treasurer.
L. W. Bond, Fred Cottle, H. L. Part
ridge, J. R. Bailey and R. J. Langford
were named as a committee to select del
egates to the Republican League Conven
tion.* , /'
The Republican Goodf Government
League at a largely attended meeting
this afternoon chose delegates to the Re
publican League Convention. Chairman
E. A. .Hayes reported that delegates
would bo elected on a membership ot
1404, and that 1000 associate members
would not be counted. Sixty-one dele
gates were elected,, with the same num
ber of alternates. Seventy-four new
members were taken in at to-day's meet
ing.
Operations on Structure Span
ning East River May
<: Cease.
Guardsmen Receive Commis
sions and Resignations
Accepted.
Strife for Supremacy in Trade
Carried Into This
Country.
Slayer of Henry Brook and
Suspected Ax-Wielder
Is Abroad.
Early Morning Meeting May
Result in Expulsion
cf Students.
Santa Clara Ccunty League
' Holds Torrid- Session
in San Jose. '
Freund Are Made Hus
band and Wife.
X
Harry R. Eklund and Gussie
Field and Staff Must Be
at the Regimental
Headquarters.
Mackenzie Cohorts Con
trol a Gathering of
Republicans.
Traces His Daughter and
Her Lover to San
Rafael. -:
Murderer and Maniac
'¦ Cheeseman Again
at Large.
Tobacco Firms in Eng
land Unite Against
Americans.
Collegians Rush in the
Darkness on Hills
of Berkeley.
Union Men in New York
Will Demand Higher
Wages.
BRITISH PLAN
RETURN FIGHT
BRIDGE WORKERS
THREATEN STRIKE
MADMAN ESCAPES
FROM HOSPITAL
HOOT AND HISS
AT EX-BOSS REA
FATHER COMPELS
ELOPERS TO WED
SOPHOMORES MIX
WITH FRESHMEN
STRICT ORDERS
FOR INSPECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO t^ALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
OAKLAND, March 22.— Licenses to mar
ry,.' were issued ¦ to-day ... to -'". Charles J.
Bond/aged 62. and l Mary B. Harlan, 38,
both of . Irvlrigtbn ; Edgar Fritz von Wln
terfeldt, 25, and Clara ¦. Baerman, ; 18, both
of San Francisco; Frank Reynolds. 28, and
Alice J. Marshall, 20, ; both of Oakland;
Augustus\P.r Jackson, ; 40, and Mae L.
Trenholtz, > 25/ both of • Oakland ; Manuel
S.Braza, 45, fDecoto, and Amelia L. Var
gez, '¦ 22, Haywards;c James R. Moore,- 27.
and Alicia E.; Jones, 1 18. both of Oakland;
Thomas Wiseman,' 68, > San Francisco,' and
Jane Clay. 66," Oakland; Elizabeth Davis 1 ,
25, , and Albert -Wilson, 25, *both . of Berke
ley; John^B.v Collins, 25. ! Sonoma County,
and May , Welden, 27,* San Francisco.
Licensed to Marry.
Golden Gate Valley Improvement Club
held a meeting and election of officers
Friday night at Stelmke's Hall, at tho
corner of Union and Octavia streets. The
officers elected were: T. Terry, presi
dent; William Wright, vice president; J.
Heinz, treasurer; Ed O'Connor, recording
secretary; H. J. Nuhrenberg, secretary;
executive committee — E. J. Wilkinson, D.
Haley, W. Wright, E. Douglass, F. Elck
horst. A. J. Vanderwhlte, D. Mahoney
and G. H. Walker.
The next meeting will be held at
Stelmke's Hall Friday evening, April 4.
Improvement Club Meets.
-^3ANTA CRUZ. March 22.— Fire in the up
holstering department of Desseneiorf & Staf
fer's furniture establishment- this afternoon
caused damage mostly from water and smok*.
amounting* to 910,000. . .
BURLINGTON, Vt., March 22.^-Judgre
Russell Smith Taft, Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of this State, died to-day,
aged 87 years. Judge Taft was a leading
figure in Vermont legal circles and had
served his State as Lieutenant Governor.
Judge Kussell Smith Taft.
Jeremiah Kennelly was sentenced to
four years in San Quentln for grand lar
ceny for stealing a watch from Robert
Oenes of Menlo Park, and Edward Collins
was sentenced to six years in San Quen
tln for an attempt to commit a criminal
assault.
Anita Clark, who pleaded guilty to a
charge of robbery committed upon Mrs.
Ellen J. Flood, appeared for sentence be
fore Judge Cook yesterday, but the case
rat postponed till April 21.
Prisoners Sentenced.
Judpe Dunne sentenced John Reede, a
bay pirate, yesterday, to nine years In
Folsom Penitentiary, for burg-lary In the
first degree, for stealing a quantity of
•white lead belonging to Whittier, Fuller
& Co.
LOS ANGELES, . March 22.— The police
arrested late to-day M. A: Jewett, alias
Miller; E. 1 J. v> Morrison, alias "Lyon^, and
Charles ¦, Barnett and > two women. The
catch Is believed by the police to be a
good one, as. Chief Elton has received In
formation from -St. Louis that, all those
arrested, and another woman; not yet ap
prehended, are expert "pickpockets and
shoplifters. , The police were put on the
track of the band by an elderly, man,. who
made; complaint of .having been bunkoed
out * of $175. The women passed as the
wives of; the men. In reply to a tele
graphic inquiry I the St. Louis authorities
stated that the men under arrest - are
noted criminals, and that the women also
are ¦ known ; as deft and dangerous oper
ators. . '" - - •
C
31
W^% Diseases of Men
i W'^^ t .:',-They Should Be Cured
:^^Mi; : .;at Once, and Cured to
'¦ THE CURB- OF • VARICOCELE RTJP- physicians on the Coast. Their treatments
of VltaLPower and all *g XSeK^M&TS "'
eases of men has engaged the attention of the WesC Th „<£ on , y relleve they mn
Dr. Meyers & Co. for nearly a quarter of a m \\ diseases that are curable— permanently,
century.; They understand more fully than thoroughly and without Inconvenience and
most v physlclans the disastrous possibilities "ufferlns.
; The wisdom' of having your diseases cured IFYOUCANNOT CALL *
in. their earlier stages is_ apparent to all WrUe fu ,, y ,„¦„„,*„„,*, Dr. Meyer,
who are familiar with the Intimate rela- w jn send you free, in a plain sealed enve-'
tion existing between "pelvlo disorders and lope full particulars of . their home cure*,
the constitution In general. now being successfully used by hundreds '
If you desire : to take the short cut to of ailing men throughout the country,
perfect health and have no time spent in Consultation Free. Payments arranged
making experiments, come and talk the to aiilt natlent.
matter over with one of these able physl- n 1 1 r\ • _ c M
clans.; look over the institution with its All DlSeaSCS Of lYlen - .'
- equipment and conveniences. Interview . .
cured patients to whom ( you ' may be re- Receive the personal and most careful at-
ferred, and then act upon your own good tentlon of these phystclans^ — private- dls-
. Judgment. ., ¦ capes, stricture, rupture,- varlcocele. loss of
.' More men have been cured by this Insti- vitality. . nervous debility, weakness and all
tut Ion than by any other association of disorders of men.
Dft. MEYERS & GO., 73 kSL^ eV
¦ HOURS— DAILY.' 9 to .4; EVENINGS. 1 ! to 8; SUNDATS. » to 21.
I C S i It '.1^ very i
1 17 d| I to ride ir\.
I 5 | I ourri^s.Iiv
P G I I f<9^ct"&fe sell
!| E/ a H ¦ tlve oxvly^
i'Nf e i m readily fou£ " iCalifornia Council at its meeting oh the
19th inst. bad two applications presented..
The National Union.
Edward Judge of Oakland Court, who
were special guests: Chief Woodhull of
Mlzpah. J. M. Custer and T. Lynch, ateo
members of the court. During the even ¦
Ing there were vocal selections by Mlas
Henry and Mr. Lawson. The affair was
a very enjoyable one, and the manner. in
.which it was conducted reflects credit on
the committee that had charge of It.
celebrated an anniversary of- Its institu
tion on the- night of the 17th Inst b? tfvl
ing its members a banquet in a Stockton
street grillroom. There - w«« : etehtv
present to enjoy the excellent supper^that
.&ss?'^:isas i s?£-fflgsvH
./Tribe of Ben Hur.
Mizpah Court of ta© Tribe of Ben Hur
recitation by Mr. • Barcher , vocal solo by
Miss Davis, recitation by Miss" Alice Per
rin, fancy dance by Irene Kamena and
Marguerite Cronin • and stories by Ernest
C. , Stock.? The programme was followed
by a collation and then dancing.
very ¦". entertaining programme of vaude
ville numbers, arranged by the following
committee: r Mrs. Love. - Mrs. ¦ Mackef,
Mrs. Bell.; MissfPerrln, Mrs. Nickel, Mrs.
Kauffman' and. Miss- Cassnelli. - There
were Introductory, remarks . by Grand ¦ Or
ganizer Mrs. ; Alma, vocal solo by Miss
Cassenelli, ; recitations . by Mrs.. Williams
scng : and dance by Master Walter Hofti
The election for representatives to the
next State Assembly of the California Re
bekahs will be held at the last meeting In
March. ¦"."
On the 25th Inst' a new lodge of the Re
bekahs will be Instituted at Berkeley with
a large list of charter- members. Mrs
Mitchell, president of the California As
sembly, will be In attendance.
California Lodge has arranged for a
grand ball to be given in the Assembly
Hall of the Odd Fellows' building on the
16th of April. Those who have charge of
this event are: Noble Grand Martha Os
sosky. Vice Grand M. Simon; Past Noble
Grand Mrs. A. W. Lewis. Recording Sec
retary Mrs. F. L. Fine' and. the following
members:- Baker, Dollman, Levin, Sam
uels,. Cronin, Anderson and McMurray ¦ It
is expected that this will be the finest
function that this lodge has ever ar
ranged for.
On the night of the 15th inst. Walhalla
Lodge of Rebekahs. the German lodge of
this city, entertained its members and
friends In Its lodge room in the Odd Fel
lows' building and the room was packed
to Its utmost. The committee on entertain
ment was composed of A. H. Breckwoldt,
who acted as master of ceremonies; Mrs.
Rebekah Joost, Miss Grennlger, Mrs.
Prbll, the noble grand, and Mrs. Acker
mann, the vice grand, and It offered a
very entertaining programme that was
made up of instrumental music, vocal se
lections, specialties and recitations by
Miss AppariuB, Miss Goodman, Miss Sol
omon, Carl A. Krone. Maude Sharp, W.
Brudoin, Miss Alice Perrin. Mr. Raiht and
Master Clarence Krone, aged 6 years, who
has a voice as strong as that of an adult
and whose singing surpasses that of any
child wonder heretofore brought before
the public. The programme was followed
by dancing and the serving of refresh
ments, j
California Rebekah Lodge of the Re
bekah on the 15th Inst. was paid a fra
ternal visit by Mission Rebekah Lodge,
about forty of the membership of that
body entering the lodge room in a body.
After the routine of business there was
an hour of short addresses by Past Grand
Master Watson. District Deputy President
of the Assembly. Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart
Noble Grand Mrs. Julia Jackson.- Vice
Grand Mrs. Knorp. Mrs. Lillie B. Hol
comb, Dr. Frost. Mrs. A. J. Williston.
Mrs. Norman, Frank • O. Worth, Mrs
Hurst and Mrs. Duncan, all of the visit
ing lodge, and the following of the sitting
lodge: Noble Grand Martha Ossosky Vice
Grand Minnie Simon, Mrs. North
and Messrs. Henly and Lewis. Upon clos
ing the lodge there was an impromptu
programme of dancing and the serving of
a collation.
The Bebekahs.
Marin Lodge will to-morrow night
Initiate three candidates through the
courtesy of the teams or Apollo and Pa
cific Lodges that offered to confer the de
gree. It is probable that the grand mas
ter will be present.
On the night of the 27th inst. West find
Lodge will be instituted at Pico Heights
in Los Angeles county with the largest
charter list that has been presented by a
new organization for years.
On the night of the 26th a new lodge
will be instituted at Long Beach.
The different subordinate lodges are pre
paring to elect delegates to the next
Grand Lodge of California.
President Stowell of the San Francisco
Board of Relief is paying visits to all the
local lodges in turn.
The Odd Fellows.
The Grand Lodge of the Degree of
Hoijor of the A. O. U. W. will hold its
biennial sess.on in the' Memorial Hall of
ihe Odd Fellows' building on the 1st of
liext April and .will be in session for sev
eral days. The principal matter of inter
est will be the election of new officers for
the ensuing two years. The present offi
cers are Mrs. Flora J. Nay or Pasadena,
grand chief of honor; Mrs. Minnie Bacon
of San Jose, who, in all probability, will
be advanced to the first p.ace, grand lady
of honor; Mrs. Cordellia Aibin of Fresno,
grand lady of ceremonies; Miss Loretta
B. Donnelly, grand recorder; Miss Mar
guerite H. O. Hea of San Francisco,
grt.nd receiver; Mrs. Eva Booth of Los
Angeles, grand usher: Mrs. Dora Vintner
of fan Jose, grand inner watch; and Miss
Minnie Yale of Santa Cruz, grand outer
watch.
The Degree of Honor.
returned after a three months' bridal tour
of the United States. " v , . . ,
There was a very large attendance at
the session of California Chapter on the
night of the 20th inst. Past Patron John
Tonnlngsen. chairman of the advertising
committee of the recent entertainment for
the benefit of the Orphans' Home band
reported that the sum of $500 had been
turned over to the trustees of the home
for the . use of the band. At the next
meeting of the chapter District Deputv
Grand Matron Annie Marie Johnson will
pay an official visit, and there will on
that occasion be Initiatory work, and a
general good time after . that. After the
chapter closed there was an impromptu
programme, which Included a violin solo
by Dr. Robert Hawks; piano duet, Arthur
and Mrs.. Price: comic songs, Mrs. Hattie
Harker and Mrs. Anna Ferguson; duet,
Alma Harder and Kathryne Kerrigan;
mandolin duet. Anita Ferguson and Mrs.
Mary Herb, and Interesting remarks by
Mrs. Ida May Humphreys, who recently
Mrs. Annie Marie Johnson, district dep
uty grand matron, will pay an official
visit on the 7th of April to San Francisco
Chapter.
On the night of the 17th Inst. San Fran
cisco Chapter had a large attendance of
members and visitors to witness the de
gree conferred by Worthy Matron Mrs. C.
L. P. Marals and Worthy Patron C. L. P
Marais and the rest of the officers on
three candidates. This was done In a
manner that showed careful study on the
part of all who were required to assist
the strangers In their desire to be de
clared members of the chapter. The
beauty of the ceremony was augmented
by the rendition of the music incidental to
It by Mrs. Fannie Henrietta Beckendorff
Owens, whose charming notes have been
admired by so many of the members of
this order. During the evening there was
presented a list of ten strangers who seek
admission to this chapter. After the rou
tine business there were short talks by
Past Grand Patron John H. Gray, James
E. Gordon of Ivy Chapter, Rev. W. E.
Smith, Roberts Vandercook and a number
of others. Among the visitors were ffp'^n
S. F. Mangels Seamans. matron of Beulah
Chapter and Mrs. Addie L. Ballou. After
the close of the chapter an . appetizing
luncheon was served.
On the evening of Monday. March 17,
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, associate matron of
Olive Branch Chapter of the Eastern
Star, and Dr. W. A. Atwood, who was re
cently admitted to membership in that
chapter, gave an at home at their resi
dence. 920 Ellis street, to the members of
Olive Branch Chapter No. 169. This was
in celebration of tne fact that the doctor
was recently admitted to membership in
Masonry and the Eastern Star. •• There
¦were about fifty present in the prettily ar
ranged parlors, and for the entertainment
of the guests there was a piano solo by
Miss M. Walters, vocal solo by H. Mau
ser; piano solo. Mrs. Carrie Biuxnenberg;
recitation. Miss B. Mendelson; vocal solo,
Mrs. Rose Pistolesi; piano solo, Miss T.
Fredericks; presentation of a Masonic
charm to Dr. Atwood by Ernest C. Stock
on behalf of Mrs. Atwood, who thus de
sired to«show her appreciation of the fra
ternal step her husband had taken. The
programme closed with a piano , solo by
Mrs. Marie Lander. Then there was
served a collation, and after an hour of
social chat there was a parting with con
gratulations to the doctor and Mrs. At
wood.
. -v HF official visit of Mrs. Giber-
l son, worthy grand matron, to
/I I Harmony Chapter, Order of
[I 1 the Eastern Star, on the 13ih
yj^J-^ inst. was one of the most
J pleasant : of the season. The
visiting official was greeted by
about 250 memberfs of the order, who ac
corded her the honors which her station
entitle her to, and there was the warm,
cordial welcome of all the members pres
ent. There was the. initiation of seven
eligibles for the purpose of giving the vis
iting officials an* opportunity to see how
well Mrs. Mary Ella Klein and her corps
of officers could do the work. That it was
well done was apparent from the very
flattering remarks made by the worthy
grand matron. After the work of the
evening there was a banquet In the lower
room, and a more brilliant aggregation of
Eastern Star members has seldom been
seen in that hall before. Among the many
who were at the tables were District Dep
uty Grand Matron Mrs. Annie M. John
son, Grand Secretary Mrs. Wiliats and
many of the officers of the other chapters.
The substantial feast was followed by a
literary and musical one that proved very
enjoyable. Mrs. Giberson was presented
a valuable Etruscan vase as a souvenir of
her visit to Harmony. The music curing
the evening was by Dr. Stych and Mrs.
Severance.
THREE OF THE GRAND OFFICERS OF THE DEGREE OF HONOR
THAT WILL MEET IN BIENNIAL SESSION IN THIS CITY ON THE
FIRST OF APRIL. M,
Redwood Circle of. the. Women 'of Wood
craft at its meeting on the 18th inst. had
a good attendance of members j and'in
itiated two strangers into the- mysteries
of the : order. .The neighbors decided ?. to
have a progressive whjst party; "on the
night I of the 25th and "appointed the fol
lowing named as'a committee to arrange
.for an open meeting of the circle and an
entertainment to be given during th»
early part of April: Mesdames A. - H*
Tickner, Lucy,- Chalmers. Anna - D. .. For
ster. A. E. Richardson and Ida. Blackall
Golden Gate Circle: of the Women 1 of
Woodcraft on the 20th inst. bad . an "at
home" that was. attended by about two
"\wcdred persons who were treated to a
Women of Woodcraft.
Since the 1st of last October Livermore
Grove has initiated seventy-four can
didates.' ' '
Monte Verde Grove at its last held ses
sion initiated a large class of candidates.
After the ceremony an interesting address
was delivered by Deputy Grand Arch
Guglielmoni. This grove is now taking a
place In the front rank.
Noble Grand Arch Godeau paid a visit
last I week to Morvin Grove in Redwood
City, being accompanied by Past Noble
Grand Arch George W.Lovie, Grand Sec
retary Martinoni. Grand Trustee Arm
strong, J. L. Gomez, L. A. Wolff, W.
Mount, F. W. Baus, M. . Masconi, Ed
Hartley, V. Andrade, J. B. Borelto, F.
W. Weisshar and others from , Mayfleld
Grove. The meeting was an Interesting
and instructive one and many good, sug
gestions were offered under good and
welfare by the grand officers and the vis
itors.* .
Good reports are being received from St.
Helena Grove, which is initiating can
didates at almost every meeting. The
grove is working hard to secure one of
the banners that the noble grand arch
has offered. " * . • .
A new grove will be instituted at East
Oakland to-night. •'
Steps have been taken to . organize a
new- grove in this city.
, Deputy Grand Arch Guglielmoni paid an
informal visit last week to Grutli Grove,
being accompanied by Grand Secretary
Martinonl. One candidate was initiated
and the third degree was conferred on
two bards, the work being by P. Gendar
dini, M. A., A. Ahmbrosich. P. A., as
sisted by Charles Suidemann of " Olive
Grove, the latter acting as vice arch, and
the grand officers. This degree, conferred
for the first time by the officers of the
grove, was carried out in such a manner
as to receive the commendation of the
visiting grand. officers.'
. McKlnley Grove at its meeting on the
14th inst. initiated a class of thirteen
strangers in a very impressive manner.
The Druids.
The fo. lowing named were visitors at
the office 'of the grand, secretary last
v.efck: Annie Keer, May Barry and Abbie
Goodwin of Fremont Parlor, Jennie L.
Thcrp of Healdsburg, Marie Pioda and
Stella Finkeldey of Santa Cruz. Ida Saf
ferhill. district .deputy grand president ?
Mrs. Ml Kahn of Joaquin Parlor. Louise
Rouscll of Bonita' Parlor, Emma Mathe
soi. and Mary .Barry of Genevieve Baker
Parlor, Jennie M. Stark and Louise Rld
dell of Las Tarrosas Parlor, Jennie Brown
of Piedmont Parlor, Dr. Mary P. Camp
bell; Eliza Spencer, D. O., and Julia Mai
ler of La's Lomas Parlor.
The members of Piedmont* Parlor re
cently entertained those i of Haywards
Parlor and a most enjoyable time was
had. A feature of the entertainment was
a display of Easter bonnets prepared by
the members of Piedmont. The affair
was under the management of Emma
Munson, Lena Hammerly; Mrs. Pacheco,
Mrs. Murdon, Mrs. Messner and Alma
Barke. The bonnet makers announce
that they are ready to furnish their bon
nets to any of the native daughters, but
from the sample shown it is doubtful if
any would care to wear them to church
on Easterday.
The grand president officially visited
Emma Crockett Parlor at Crockett on the
19th Inst.. and on the 21st she was with
tho parlor in Placerville.
Past Grand President Mrs. Mary . 13.
Tinman is one of the delegates from tho
Parliamentary of this city to the Gen
era! Federation of Women's Clubs that Js
to meet in Lcs Angeles in May.
Grand • Vice President i Eliza D. Keith
is the historian of the Daughters of Cali
fornia 'Pioneers' Society and recording
secretary of the San Francisco Parlia
mentary Club.. . • .
On the 24th the grand president will
visit Bans Souci Parlor. The announced
•visit -to Yosemite Parlor/ has been post
poned on account of the death of Past
President May Flynn. ' J
Grand President Mrs. Baker, paid an of
ficial visit to Fremont Parlor, where there
was a large attendance to greet her.
There were present a number of: the
prominent members of the order, includ
ing Past Presidents Dr. M. Bertola, Grand
Secretary Miss Frakes and Grand Trus
tee Miss Finkeldey. The parlor presented
Mrs. Baker a handsome, bronze : statue,
also a bunch of sixteen American Beau
ties, expressive of the fact of her being
sixteen years a member of the . order.
After the parlor closed the grand officers,
except the grand secretary and grand
trustee, the members and visitors went
to the banquet hall of the Pioneer build
ing, which had been converted into a min
iature forest, and there partook of a line
collation, and speeches were made by
many, 'ihe best speech of ner fraternal
life was made at that meeting by Mlbb
Lizzie Douglass, ex-grand treasurer. ;
On" the occasion ot the visit or Grand
President Baker to Calaveras Parlor, the
"beauty v;ar.or" of San Francisco, Mrs.
ReLekah' istmp Van tc of Alta Parlor
astonished the large membership present
by the earnest and teiling speecn she
made for the good of the order, lnls er
loit v.-as vai'nuy applauded. \
Ihe visit of tne g;ami president, M^s.
Baker, to her hcm.c jjanor, Buena vista,
on the night of the 2jtn Inst., was in the
nature ot an ovation; not oniy were all
the onicers present to receive her iivthe
very handsomely decorated hall, but tnere
were grand and' past grand officers and
represeniatievs of nearly all the pariors of
the city, 'ihe work of initiation was dem
onstrated by the oliicers inducting into
the parior six candidates, and the manner
in which this was done won the admira
tion of ai». Iherc were present about
250 members of the order. After the cer
emony the parlor, proud of the fact that
one ot" Us members is at the head of the
on.er, showed iis appreciation of what
she has done since sne has fiiled the of
tice of president by presenting her a mag
nii.ccnt crystal bowl on a silver mirror
tray. There was a feeling response, after
which there was an ' adjournment
to an adjoining and larger hall,
beautifully decorated, in the Native
Sons' building. wncre a banquet
was served to more than 200. During the
repast there were short speeches by ttie
grand president. Past Grand Presidents
Mrs. Morris, Miss Spencer, Wilkin, Ber
tola. Disti.ct Deputy Mrs. J. A. Stein
bach. fX-Gii.nd Treasurer Lizzie Doug
lass: liis. \» . fa. JLeake, president of tne
board or trustees of the Native Daugh
ters" Home; Orand Secretary JLunsted\t of
the Native Sons and Ernest' C. Stock. The
banquet came to a close by the Daugh
ters giving three rousing cheers for the
grand president. Mrs. Leake topk occa
sion to state some very . interesting facts
in connection with the home, and ex
pressed the hope that' the Native Daugn
ters. as parlors and as individuals, would
continue to lend their assistance to build
up the home and make it a monument to
the giand California order. During the
evening the parlor presented Mrs. Stein
bach, the district deputy, a large bouquet
of violets.
The Native Daughters.
These were accepted and > the strangers
having been favorably reported ¦ on were
Initiated.-- This -council' will give a. social
evening at an open meeting on the 2d^of
April. - \ ' '¦'¦¦¦¦¦. ¦ ~JjJ'
El C'anitan- Council recently initialed
four candidates and on the 20th inst. was
officially visited by the San- Francisco
Cabinet. Owing to the inability -of M.
H. Wascerwitz of El Dorado Council,
who had been elected -to deliver .the
principal address, ex- Judge George H.
Bahrs delivered the address and it was. a
masterly effort in the interest of. Na
tional Unionism. There were . short
speeches by a number of, those who were
present, including Senators Cutberth_ and
P'ield and President of the Cabinet
Schuldt. During the . evening the .council
was entertained with vocal selections by
"Prince" Laurance Vincent, and , the
members and visitors were treated to a
collation. Six applications were-present
ed lust to show the cabinet that tne
members of, El Capitan are not asleep.
Told in Ante-Rooms.
32
THE SAX FIlXNCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902;
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
fi> ¦ ! - c^ui^ixu. xa . viio xitiibuicll rLolllu *OX HQ/iC*. ¦ vv fii k j . DliC 63l* s&^ and was nearlv discouracred as the medicine. th& W
H Hard wort for a wpak wnmin ia Traffic in flooVi a«r? WJ^P'^^^k. w plaint, leucorrhcea, itching, bearing-down feeling, cj
H w xiara worK ior a weaK woman IS iramc in nesn and W lap and painful menstruation. I wrote to you describ- fl
If It makes little difference what the field of work is k£ 6?!?^* *fUJ/ rnew^ a^ o<^9" I followed your instructions, and
ru »wT* * 4- \~ « _ A i. t»^»^,« A ,. A i« A « i *£ i.i • i ' i W ft* '\m*_ %. vJn<.J nave t&Ken nine Dottle3 of vej?etable Comrjonnd
H wnetner at norae Or elsewhere, if there IS weakness, work j|\ ?|2^ K70 andnsed one package of Sanative Washand one
1 Ability to stand the strain of hard work is the privi- VZ&ffl^&Zy/Wm *tTt SV pells at the monthly period but can
kj 1or*n r\f 4-\-%r\ V» r»1+V»ir n /^ Vv 4- ¦ **!*j£ik&5&&it*^Z^fi M&*k "Oriv an day, niiu txi&t J. never could do until X
H How Our hearts ache for. the sickly Women that Work '¦ .^5* ~grw Compound too highly. I do hope every suffering
H' for rlnil vhrpad a.h rottia ill-nnifl ¦PnV»fA-rv <»rr«T\l.-v»TrnoT>f I ' ' ' ¦» , ¦ . r " ; •¦ ¦»" " woman wiU learn of your remedies and be cured
g ior uuny oredU dt.bome lu-paia iactory employment I as I hare been. I wish all success to the Compound; it has done
0 How. distressing also to see a woman 8tmcrclin£J with wonders for me and I am so thankfuL" — MRS. GENIE KELLOGG, Ber- \
[m her daily round of household duties, when her back and ii 1 ! Heights, Ohio. . ,;_;.-. -,.. • • .-.
H head are aching, and every new movement brings out a " Deab Mbs. Pijtkham:—! wish to let you know that Lydla B*
B n6W pain ! -~ •PlOlcIuun's Vegetable Compound has cured me of painful menstruation
fl •- T£ i-T-i ~*v>'fv«.n • l/NrtlT-iT^r* «»•»•¦ + +1, ft • from which I suffered terribly. I really believe that I would be insane B
¦ II tne . mere lOOiuug on at laese SUIiering women "to-day if it had not been for your medicine. I cannot praise your Com- O
¦ touches OUr > hearts, how hopeless must life be tO the WO- poundenough, and feel that if all who suffer from female troubles would H
fl • men. themselves ? • put themselves under your care and follow your advice they will flwfl i f
km mi * • •' 3 ' * i ? " •¦ j ' * j .L • **V • * * •' • v*-?i., -• reiiei.^^jxxoo lv. Hi. owxxvIjXJ^jo, fi *¦ Oliver. Pittsburs? Pa. si
H person cannot Understand. ¦ ¦ / " De\r Mks. 'PimrwA'M ;— — For eight years I have suffered with fafla.m- It
1 Can , these ailing, weak women, who are called upon VT ?t°^ **$¦ painful menstruation, and
I TO do Work Which WOUld tire a Strong man, be made to See but seemed to fail every year. A short time ago I beganto take LdS f
|j that they Can easily and Surely better their condition ? E. Pinknam's Vegetable Compound, and, thanks to your wonderful
H Will not the volumes of letters from women made frie^L?— mrsl UxTtowne" 1 LitSeSm OT^ medicil10 wom * a '*
H i\ convince them of the virtues of this medicine ?; ¦ t ¦*>.\.- ' "Dtcab Mrs. Pwkham: — I suffered' for six years som t\ t^i
1 How shall the FACT that it WILL" HELP THEM be "S le H!^S *] >ou + t atl '•"• , Jt 8e emed to me as though i coutTnot live*
Rl ' ffH**** f jj j ¦ , . . D&cKucnc, was nervous, snd li&d no ftmbltion. WsiS o^ilitr*»/i ?^* \ *
ra When a medicine has been successful in more than a my Yd t e l $. octOT ?' > but e ? did me n <> good, so I thought I
H;- million cases, is it justice to yourself to say, without trying fl??wt7r £?!? Vegetable Compound, i did so, and I
pj .i 4 j _ _ j. 1% T *+• ' lw V\ 1 * jjo ¦¦„.'"• " - * ei «' wetter aner xne urst bottle, and by the time I had taken six I w'bji
It, 1 ClO not Delieve It WOUld nelp me i able to resume my work again. I shall always praise vour VetretahU
Surely you cannot wish to remain weak and sick and C <> m po°nd.»-MBS. mary a. bossell, chincSteagne island, VaT
discouraged, exhausted with each day's work. You have : _ -' -'•' ' - -¦ M _. _ .
some derangement of the feminine organism, and Lydia fl - II seven vT^ w^«F DTKHA^ : T I was * i6k foT
E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound will help you just j^m^ fP
as surely as it has others. jiiillllMllsi!^ years ago J was D othing but a living
Read the letters from women in the opposite column IW^^^I ctuse^ai^my SctelaTaVX t e i art TS 8 e
of this paper, and when you go to your drug store to buy W-^fc gW be relieved, but never ge t well. Sometimes I l\
this sterling medicine, do not let yourself be persuaded to fr n, ? et so e:rhauste d and short of breath |J
accept the druggist's own valueless preparation because it .^« V^ K wJr«»r^r U i? n » ot l! no ' t IT vliattod ?u Mvnervcs |]
ia a W rftntfl rhpanflr than '^, -^*** / we ™ ?ery weak, blood impure. Was troubled l\
is a lew cents cneaper man —\^^J, T ith hands and feet swelling; also had leucor- I]
: " " —^-Jb^^''^ p h^ a - 1 , ha je taken six bottles of Lydla E. t]
**r ¦-,.•¦ . ; W/\// '//t I « j aoie x.o work all day in the store and gi
piar a* JL^W dP&"- m PCTRA m : loya 1 - w«S? '«•!. tired when I get home at night. \\
i W&&ffR&*'Bt£&ih$BB 3 * uJi0%BfffiW8ffB8ffI9®finl >' U iLiJ* cann ot express my gratitude to Mrs. P
1 W mr%09?liCgMB& WWff2fMgfQ&88ir&81lB ¦ T^^ nkham what her medicine has done for |
1 : -.- ¦¦*¦*" ¦¦• •. ¦¦¦• • - .•,¦¦¦¦¦:., -¦••- . ¦ m ¦;: ¦ ;¦;. -/,- .¦- . me. -PETBA M. LOYA, care of L. Wolfson, San Antonio, Texas. |
I- ¦JJ5"'J" il "- : i^^- :^4--'#S.-' R P^^Mik'B iS tte '^S^J^^J^S^fii^ 1 Peopfeha^e from time to time questioned f
I, .9 : M. m f[ 1 M -X ;r».E-;WlH™.L/. S^offl^TtlS fNationS^^Ri 6^ 6 "*? 6 *" «°stanUy publishing, we have I]
I writers',^^special permi8sion.-LTDii. E. PnomAM Msnicwi CoT^^al^S PO"isbed before ootaining the IGreat Sachem Boyes on the 15th inst.
paid a visit to Ceanotha Council: of the
Degree of Pocahontas at Grass Valley. •
Altahmos Tribe of this city expects to
adopt a class of 100 during the month of
April. - -
* George Wheeler, .who was the instruc
tor, for : the floor work during the recent
raislne up in Union Square Hall of all the
chiefs of the local councils, .was. on the
evening of the last held meeting of Ra
mona Council, presented a handsome
leathei -covered rocking chair as a testi
monial of appreciation . of the good work
he' had. done for the order, in connection
with the raising up ceremonies. The pre
sentation speech was by Mrs. Annie Bllaa
chairman of the committee of arrango
ments.^wife of the great chief of records.
A new council of the degree of Pocahon
tas. has been organized in . Nevada City.
with forty* signers to the petition for a
charter. , '<HliWlf|ill l li| l iHII<
The teams of Sacramento and Oak Park
tribes have arranged for a contest in the
adoption degree on the 3d of May in the
hall of Sacramento Tribe.
: The contest in the adoption degree be
tween teams from Samoset Tribe of Val
lejo, Solano Tribe of Benicia and Carqui
nez Tribe of Crockett will take place in
the council hall of Samoset Tribe on the
19th of April. - .
Iroquols Tribe of Stockton, Improved
Order of Red Men, will, cm the 27th lnst.,
have a most Interesting session by. having
a grand adoption, the tribe having at Its
last held sesslqn seventy-two applications
to'act upon.
Imt» roved Order of Bed Hen.
For HonolulufrW. M. Alexander, Mrs.
C. H. Allen. Mrs. H. E. Banham, Miss E.
Banham, Miss M. Banham, T. D. Bates,
W. H. Baugh, , Miss ; Mary Byrne, '"A. J.
Campbell; Mrs. Campbell, two children
and maid ;' T. W. Carter, : Mrs. , Carter,
George. B. Champlin. Miss F. Champlin,
J. W.-Cllse; Mrs. Clise, two children and
maid; Miss Clise, Mrs. E. J. Coffin, D. H.
Davis, G. S. ' Dearborn, E. R. Dlmond,
Mrs. Dimond, Mlss"d'Oyly, James Du
Bols, S. Fenn, Mrs.' Fenn,- Mrs. S. M.
Flack. G. A. Folger, F. Furber, Edwin
Goodall, Mrs. Goodall, Miss Goodall, E.
Haas, T.G. Hathaway, K. Heraijama,
W. H. Hoags.J.W.. Hosmer, Mrs.' Hos
mer, Mrs. C. .A. Hutchlns, Miss Hutchins
E. P. . Jones. Mrs. Jones, L. B. < Kerr,
George T.- Kluegel.; W. H. Layson, Mrs.
Layson, C. W.; Lombard; C. E. Maston,
R. W. McChesney. Mrs. D. C. McLaugh
lln. Miss I. L. McLaughlin, % W. B. Mc-
Lean, Bishop Nichdls, Mrs. Nichols W P
Noble, Miss I. Noble. Miss M Noble,
S. N. Palmer, E. C. Peters, Miss F.E.
Pierce, Miss Potter, Miss Reynolds, F.
P. Richards, C. Robinson. J. D. Ryan
Mrs. M. 'Schumacher. Alexander Sclater,
Miss E. B. Scripps, Miss Virginia Scripps
Robert Slaughter,. Mrs. Slaughter and in-
Those who sailed on steamship Ventura
Thursday, March 20, for Honolulu and
other points are:
Sailed Away.
?», Sr C le w K f ¦> pl> one of the Islands ot .
the New Hebrides group, are petitioning
Great Britain to annex the island a *
Mrs. H. M. Hoyt, Master J. Hoyt, Mrs.
E. ; Tewksbury, M. C. Osborn, Mrs. A..E.
Poole;;C. Duncan,. E. Jones, E. E.* Stark,
F. . Howell, Mr. : and Mrs. *. George • Baum,
J.<G. r Grim wood, C. H. Shepard, Mr. and
Mrs. H." Levy, H..L. Cook, Mrs. T. Mich
aelis,' H. Jaeger, Mr. and Mrs. D. H.
Kane, H. Williams, T. J. Burke, Mr. and
Mrs. Otto Schoning, H. P. Sonntag, A. L.
Edwards, M.' L. Cook, M.-L. Cook,Jr.;
Miss V. Cook;, Dr.. J. W. Sichel, Mrs. F.
T. Martins, Mr.- and Mrs. v O. K. Cushing,
Mrs. Messersmith, Mrs. J. M. Rothschild.
San; Francisco;; James P. Ferry, : Mrs. P.
Ferry, ¦¦ Seattle, ; A. C. Dearborn, Miss Eff a
Bluhm, " Miss Edna ; Bluhm, . Mrs. : L. A.
Kohn, Mrs.>D: Adler, Chicago;, S. Kll
grrove, Jamestown ; Mrs.': Henry Rust," Miss
Katharine'. Rustr Mr. . ahd\Mrs. H. F.
Armsden, Boston ; . F. C. Hicks,- Cincinnati ;
E..W. Sichel, Alameda; H. Aldunatti,,Val
paraiso ;,G.- Lowe, New York; L. A. Bur
gle,' 1 Philadelphia; -Mrs. C. Scott, Utica ¦ N
Y.;' Mr. and Mrs. A.'M. Satton, Berkeley-
Mr, and ' Mrs. ¦ J; * H. • Wilson, Mrs. * T. Ma
glll, Oakland: W. E: Thompson, Vancou
ver,* B: ' C. ;. Mr. and , Mrs. ! C. . H. Schieck
Portland, O>. ;• Mrs. .Mace, London; Mr
and ; Mrs.- J:T L:: McCannon, ? Washington'
D. C. ; Captain J. ;Wheeler, Jr.; Mrs. J
.Wheeler Jr.," Vallejo. Raymond- Whitcomb
party— Mr., and Mrs. iW. H. Munier,:Mr
and J: C. . Wilson^ Mr; and Mrs. A.^Waller
Mr. and ; Mrs. F. '¦ H.*> Fairbanks, MrA and
Mrs.' J. = R. -Vincent,; Miss C, -M. Bunting -
J. ¦-'¦. R.s Bunting, : Miss Florence C. T Clarke
Miss-E. VL. Farley, Miss, B. B.Hor ton/
.Mrs. Joshua Epping will be at home the
first Monday in, April. at her new resi
dence, 2310 Sacramento street.
-; The. latest arrivals at the Hotel. Rafael
are:. J -
Miss Florence- Josselyn and Miss Ade
laide .Murphy; are resting at the Josselyn
summer home, Brookside, near Redwood
City. \ '. -
Miss Violet Whitney and Miss Alice
Whitney are again at their home in Oak
land, the. former, having returned from
Europe' and- the latter from Washington,
D. C ¦-. : : ¦¦ . ¦¦'.¦¦- Si\ ' ¦ ¦
Joseph Tobiri Jr. is en route ' to Europe
to visit his sister, Mrs. Duval, who has
been very ill. : . .
- Mr. and Mrs. Charles S. Harris an
nounce the confirmation of their son Cas
par Saturday, March., 29, at Geary-street
Temple. Reception Sunday from 2 to 5
p. m. at 192 Ellis street.
Mrs. and Miss Clift are in Coronado.
Horace Davis is- being entertained at
Washington. . . ;
Admiral Kempff is again in San Fran
cisco, after two years of service.
Bishop William Ford Nichols and Misd
Nichols are making a short trip to Hono
lulu.- - - : <v :. •'¦¦•¦¦
Mr. and Mrs. A/ Repsold ¦• are : touring
Southern California and expect to spend
several weeks at Santa Catalina Island.
Personals.
¦ The Hebrew Ladles' Endeavor Society
of Alameda gave its annual masque ball
Saturday evening, March 15. which waa a
success, both financially and socially. The
following won prizes: Handsomest cos
tume—Lady, Miss Delia Reschert; gentle
man, A. P. Smiley. v Second handsomest
costume— Lady, Miss :McNevin. . Best sus
tained character— Lady, Mrs. J. Goldstein:
gentleman, J. Goldstein. Most original
character— Lady,' Miss Nathan; ; gentle
man, D. Levy. Second most original
character— Gentlemen, Sam Gluck and L.
Trethaway; lady, Mrs. D. A. Levy. Most
comical costume— Gentleman, Dr. Cranz;
lady, Miss McNeyin. . ;
The Red Berry Specialty Company gave
an entertainment and dance at Foresters'
Hall, Tiburon, Wednesday evening. Those
who participated in the programme and
afforded amusement for. the occasion
were: E. M. Elliot. George Carroll, Mis3
M. Perclval, Will Brodie and Miss C. M.
Llnne. - ... .
Club Parties.
The Supreme Lodge of tha Fraternal
Brothe/hood was In session in Los An
geles last week. Tha sessions were held
during the day, and in the evenings tha
supreme officers and delegates were en
tertained In grand style, including enter
tainments of a musical and literary char
acter, a banquet, receptions by Hennosa,
Los Angeles and La Grande lodges on dif
ferent nights, and a daylight ride In tally
hos to Santa Anita ranch. During the
session C. W. Stone, the supreme actu
ary, was presented a handsome badge In
recognition of his services to the order
Fraternal Brotherhood.
the gentlemen as a badge or an adornment
on a watch fob. It consists of a circular
disc, on which are the tri-colors and over
all is a pair of crossed rifles, while around
the upper edge is an Inscription commem
orative of the occasion. There were a
number of congratulatory speeches by tha
officers and several of the charter mem
bers. The participants of the banquet
who sat at the table at half past 10 at
night did not retire until half past 2 tha
following niorning. The hall and th»
banquet room were artistically decorated
and the festivities were got up at a cost
of $1500, one-third of which amount was
expended for the souvenir badges. Tha
committee that had charge of the affair
was composed of H. Goetjen, Captain L.
Schneider, Lieutenants H. Hansen and H.
Schlichtmann, F. C. Lawler. C. Iverson.
C. H. Kornbeck and H. Feyge.
fant B. H. • Smith, Mrs. Smith, H. E.
Smith, J, T. E. Smyth, G, A. Soden, Mrs.
Soden, W. L. Stanley, E. L. Stryker, F.
J. Thornbury, Mrs. L. Tompkins, Miss
Tompkins, H. E. Walty, Mrs. Waity and
child/ Mrs. H. M. L. Walker.
Pago Pago — W. W. Kimble, Miss - Le
Count, Dr. A. Penzl, Mrs. U. Sebree? Mas
ter Sebree. . •¦¦'-. '
¦ Aucklarid-F. E. N. Cromble, W. C.
Hamberger, Miss V. Osborne, Mrs. N.
Paterson. ' - ¦¦
Sydney— John Bunny, Mrs. Craig, R. S.
Craig John Curtis, Professor A. L.
Graeb'ner, William Henry, Mrs. Henry,
Mrs. E. N. Kirkland, George Margerison,
Miss E. Murray, Mrs. Z. C. Rennie and
child, C. Robinson, Miss Smith, Miss C.
B. Spring. G. A.- Thompson.
To join at Honolulu for Sydney— W. J.
Howatt. Mrs. Howatt, B. F. Parker.
Among those who : departed for the
Orient on the Japanese liner America
Maru were: Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Converse,
Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Potts, Miss H. . L.
Potts and Mrs.-S. B. Cramp of Philadel
phia, Mr. and Mrs. B. S. Whitehead,- Miss
Helen Whitehead and Raymond White
head and Mrs. Shirashi, wife of the gen
eral manager, of the Toyo Kisen Kaisha
Steamship Company, with her child and
nurse. • . :.
Miss A.' E. Wilson, Mrs. E. A. Burlick,
Mrs. H. Burlick, Mrs. C. E. Proctor. Mrs.
E. J. Wheeler, Miss R. A. Grozer. Mrs. J.
L. Morgan, Miss L. Hosmer, C. Mathe
son, Mrs.-S. Hall, Miss L. B. Hall. Miss H.
Hall, J. P. Bassett, Miss E. H. Heir, Miss
A. Shelbey, Mrs. A. M. Berry. E. O. Mar
shall. Mrs. M. M. Tabraham, Mrs. W.
Herm, Miss M. Herm, Miss L. Herm, C. A.
Ccoke. Miss M. R. Carpenter. Miss L. F.
Carpenter, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Ransdell,
Mrs. F. Arnold, Mrs. W. W. George, Mr.
and Mrs. H. M.. Bean, Mr. and Mrs. E.
S. Belden, Mrs. A. C. Hills, Mrs. C. A.
Wray, Mrs. J. F. Smiley, Miss M. George,
Miss S. George. Mrs. M. H. Winfield, Mrs.
L. D. Hollon, E. W. Hosmer, Mrs.
T. Hodgson, Mrs. M. Collins, Mrs. A. M.
Biakesley, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Eastman,
Mr. and Mrs. .Allen, Mrs. A. M. Zane,
Miss H. Zane, Mr. and Mrs. T. Ward,
Mrs. J. S. Vatterlein, A. Griffin. Mr.
and Mrs. C. C. Griffin. Mr. and Mrs. F,
J. Mitchell, Mrs. C. T. Meyer, Master
Carl Meyer, Mrs. G. W. Seagrases, Miss
K. Seagrases, Mrs. Thomas B. Hewitt,
T. H. Hewitt, Mrs. Carrie W. Mix,
Miss Bertha M.' Pinney. Mrs. J. B. Day
foot, Mrs. H. L. Perry, Mrs. W. J. Tllley,
Mrs. W; R. Smith, Frank Curtiss, Frank
J. Wright, J. M. Pratt. Alfred G. Garlick,
W. B. Clarke, Mrs. E. Wright. Miss M.
Wright, Miss S. Wright, Mr. HerseyJ R.
A. Robinson, B. Ducny, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Green,. Mrs. A. S. McKinney, Mrs. H. P.
Pinney. Mrs. E. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. M.
A. Packard, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Jewell,
Miss S Gates, W. J. Rust, E. C. Rust,
Dr. C. B. Patterson, W. H. Weaver, Miss
S. B. Martin, Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Brown,
Mrs. J. W. Tllllnghast. Mrs. W. v Tilllng
hast, Mrs. H. H. Adams, Miss E. J. Fer
rie. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Puffer. L. H. Bill
iard. E. -Bulkley, Miss T. Bulkley, Mr.
and Mrs. A. W. Brigham. Miss T. Brig
hani," Mrs. T. L. Harris, L. A. Brigham,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Carpenter, Miss E. Car-
The Telea Polyphemus.' the best known
epecles of ~ American . silk worm,' feeds
readily on the leaves of the oak, maple
mulberry, willow, elm and several other
Olympic Parlor will be represented in
the Grand Parlor by Andrew Mock»-
J&fiP' *•- Mulcreevy. William Burns and
\V Illlam Abbott have been chosen as
alternates. ...
"The Alcaldes," composed of the mem
bership of the parlor. of Natlvg Sons of
that name, have completed all arrange
ments for a picnic to be given in Fern
brook Park on Sunday, the 13th of April.
El Dorado Parlor has elected as its del
egates to the Grand Parlor J. F. Broad
Gus Gunzendorfer and D. D. Lowney'
with J. C. Martin. J. Keegan and W. J.
Guinnane as alternates.
-The Native Sons.
Home Parties.
Rabbi Isidore Myers was given a pleas
ant surprise on Saturday evening, March
15. the occasion being his birthday. • On
the invitation of Mrs. Myers the members
of the board connected with the syna-
gogue, accompanied by their wives, as
sembled at his home during his absence,
and on returning the rabbi was .tendered
the good wishes of the guests. A musical
programme was given, which consisted of
piano selections by Miss M. J. Donovan,
songs by Cantor Solomon and A. Eisen
berg and a dance by Miss Dolly Green of
Australia, all of which was greatly en
joyed. About midnight the company sat
down to supper. The table was'decorated
with yellow blossoms in contrast to the
scarlet-shaded j candles. . Among, those
present were:- Maurice Kahn and wife,
Phillip Stern, Bernard Reiss, Mr: and Mrs.
Abram Altmayer, Mr. and Mrs. Davis.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Eisenberg, M. Friedman,
M. L. Stern and Mr. . and Mrs.: S. H.
Nathan. i Irt addition to the above the in
vited giiests present were Mrs. H- New
house,- president of the Willing "Workers,
accompanied by Hugo . Newhouse. and
Vice Presidents Mrs." A. Schlesinger. ac
companied by Mr. Schlesinger. , The
On the night of the 16th inst. Liberty
Lodge had an enthusiastic meeting, which
was attended by a number of members of
other lodges, including the membership
of Yerba Buena Lodge. The subject of
the Knights of Honor picnic that is to be
given by Liberty Lodge May 30 was ex
pounded in Its fullest details by Ben L
At the last held meeting of Ivy Lodge
of the Knights of Honor that subordinate
was visited by Saxon Lodge in a body.
The visiting- officers of that lodge wore»
for the first time, brilliant sashes of the
colors of the order and each bearing on
its face In letters of gold the name of the
lodge and its number, also the emblem of
the insignia of the office held by the .oiw
wearing it. This, an innovation In San
Francisco lodges, produced quite a sen
sation among members of the order, and
tno effect was favorably commented on.
The lettering and designs on the sashes
is the work of Frank Wilcox, a member
of the lodge. During the evening two
candidates were initiated, the visiting offi
cers assisting the sitting lodge, and all
being attired in robes, as laid down for
the wcrk In the amplified form. The work
of the evening was followed by a very en
tertaining social hour.
Knights of Honor.
Last Tuesday night Saxon Lodge initi
ated three strangers who were formerly
in the employ of P. H. Thornton, district
deputy, and after the initiatory work
there was the presentation of a steel tape
line to the deputy by the new members,
in token of their esteem of him as an em
ployer and In appreciation of the service
they had been rendered by being intro
duced into the lodge and shown the value
of protection. There was some change in
the floor work that added much to the
dignity of the ceremony. The work was
witnessed by members of Ivy and Liberty
lodges, and under good and welfare there
were a number of interesting addresses,
among the speakers being Grand Dictator
Archibald and the visitors.
FHornon, chairman of the executive com
mittee. There were addresses on the
biu£ti subject from many present, and
each lodge represented pledged itself to
help the movement along. The commit
tees that are to manage this affair will
soon be announced.
J. L. Jacobs of New • York and Miss
Blanche Morris were quietly -married on
March IS. Miss Pearl Herman, a niece
of the bride, was ~maid of -honor.. M.
Charles was best man. Rabbi Nieto per
formed the ceremony. After a wedding
trip through the coast cities Mr. and Mrs.
Jacobs will reside In Brooklyn, N.Y.; • -
Miss Clara M. Lenahan of . San Fran
cisco and Daniel C. Shea of Troy were
married Wednesday, March 12, at St. Jo~
seph"s Church, San Jose, by Rev. Father
Sasia. S. J. -
Miss Leila Falk and Leon Lesyns'* y were
united In marriage, last Sunday at the
home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
P. Falk. 1345 Golden Gate avenue.
They're Married.
Miss Carrie Regensburger and Phil Levy
will receive their friends to-day at 130C
Ellis street, from 2 to 6 p. m.
.Mrs. C- Sauer announces the engage
ment of I her daughter Matilda to Clem
Laufenberg.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Hart announce the
engagement of their daughter Matie to
Charles J. Bass. The wedding will take
place April 2. • . ,
The engagement is announced of Jose
phine A. Green and William P. Hassell.
.- The engagement Is announced of Fred
erick \\ Miam Kennett and Miss Florence
Tapley. Mr. Kennett "serves in the ca
pacity of secretary of the Howard M. E.
Church, and the bride-to-be has been one
of its most active members. The wed
ding will take place about the middle of
June, and the orrtciatlng pastor, John A. B.
Wilson, will perform- the ceremony. They
have the bett wishes of their many
friends for a happy and prosperous lite.
Sam Meyer- ot b Hollls street announces
the engagement of his sister. Lhhe, « to
Louis bimpson of St. Joseph. Mo. •.':>¦'
Invitations are out" for the wedding of
Miss Flora Cohen and Albert Baer. which
win taken lace on the afternoon of Sun
day, March 30, at 2 o'clock, at the home
of the bride's parents.- Mr. and Mrs. M.
Cohen, 1353 Geary street. ;¦ •
Mrs. C. Weincerg has announced the
engagement of her daughter, Miss Han
nan Weinberg. to Maurice Shannon of
San Francisco. They will receive their
many fViends on Sunday - afternoon.
March 30, at 821 Folsom street, between
the hours of 2 and 5 o'clock. - •
Mr. and Mrs. R. Brown. 216 Grove street,
announce the engagement of their daugh
ter. Miss M.' May, to Adolph Sieroty, a
prominent merchant of Los Angeles. :
They're Engaged.
and .the considerable enter:
talnlhg of ¦ the- various 'clubsi arrange-^
ments have been, made for three affairs
for sweet* k charity to " bet given after
"Easter, which will have the Indorsement
and practical assistance of society. '-. ;
-^HE last week "was accom-
r -.~j? V - panied with more- gayety. than
[( -\ .: has' been, crowded . into - any
.IV 1 "J seven days since ILent began,
V^-^y r In addition to dinners, lunch
'. .eons, two Important weddings
A most enjoyable leap year party was
given by the members of the Mission Cir
cle Dancing Academy' on Thursday even
ing, March 20, at the Mission Turp Verein
Hall; The dancing, was under the^direc
tion of Miss Gertie' Hemmlnga, assisted
by Miss Kitty Powers, Miss Elsie Gerken
and Miss 'Florence Hanley, • .
A very pleasant surprise party was
given to Miss Carmelita Cameron rSatur
day evening, March 15, at her home on
Pine street to celebrate the eighteenth
anniversary of- her birth. The house was
beautifully decorated for the occasion. At
midnight a supper was ¦• served, after
which dancing was enjoyed.
George Goeppert had a house warming
on the anniversary of -his wife's birth,
Saturday night. February 10, at their new
home, 2132 Green street. , There were pres
ent about- sixty friends .of the Goeppert
family who took part in . the festivities.
After the reception the, guests enjoyed a
supper and many a toast" was given for
the new home and its occupants. Dancing
concluded the evening's fun. "Among those
present were: Mr." and Mrs.Wunder, 'Mr.
and Mrs. Muller, Mrs. Lelchter, Mr. and
Mrs. Dittmer. Mr. and. Mrs.'^Haueriten,
Mr. and Mrs. . Jaeneke, Mr;»and Mrs.
Mundt, Mr. and Mrs. Arps, Mr. and Mrs.
N. Wilkens, Mrs. Warneke, Mrs.-.Shulz,
Mrs.;Mlchelson, Mr. and, Mrs; Ehrehpfort;
Mr. and; Mrs. • Kohlmo*>.'-Mr. 'and Mrs.'
H,phn, Mrs. Schmidt, ;Mr. and Mrs. Zim
mermann, Mn and Mra. J George .Goeppert,
Mrs. Bruse,- the- .'Misses -lElsaLeichter,
Martha Wilkens, Amanda;' Elsa and Alice
Arps Lottie Holllng, Alice, Silberberg,
Hattie . Schulz, Minna Bruse,' Gladys and
Linda Meyer, Gustav- Wilkens, Mr.' Basse,
Captain Glrard, Mr. Frohbose.-- George
Bredemeir. W. Spahnhake.'A. Schroepfer,
Carl Michaelis, Ernest Michaelis;. Mr.
Brummel. Fred Holling, Mr. Wilson, Mr.
Fisher,- Mr. . .Heuermann, Charles von
Endeand Masters George, Lloyd and Carl
Goeppert. U V
i A; very pleasant surprise - party was
given to Miss Mattie Townsend at her
residence. 3174 Twenty-fourth street, on
Saturday'evening,- March 8. .The guests
were: Miss Mamie Asmussen,- Miss So
phie Christenson, Miss Hattie Monas,
Miss Minnie Monas, Miss Irene Martens,
Mlss'Florie Holleran, Miss Mary Weber,
Miss- Annie Harding, . Mts.' Earle. Mrs.
Schultz. Mr. Ernst, Mr. Heaney, Mr. Mor
un. Mr. Van. Neil. Mr. Lagomarsino, Mr.
Gata, Mr. Monas and Mr. Chillni: !
A number of the friends, of Harry Du
mont were delightfully entertained at his
Alameda home, 1305 Broadway, last Mon
day evening, March-17,- the party being in
celebration' of his birthday. Games, sing
ir.g-' and other amusements occupied the
time until supper v.-as announced, and ajl
the young people did full justice to the
dainty repast. Among the .guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. F. Dumont, the Misses Mar
guerite Dumont. > Ella •. Larkin. -Evelyn
Larkin : and Esther- Scott and Messrs.
Harry Dumont, . John Dumont, Robert
Larkin and Alfred Newman of Alameda.
the Misses Ida Lewis and Mav Reed of
Oakland and the Misses Louise Nelson,
Carrie L. Sproul, Minnie M. Sproul, Eliza
beth Atchlson, Minnie Dolan and Hannah
Wood and Messrs. William Nelson, .Wil
liam Wood, Bernard Hemmings and
George Hovey of San Francisco.
. X- pleasant- party . was given ' to Miss
Amelia ; Strohmaier, Saturday, evening,
March 15, on her eighteenth, birthday, at
her parents' residence, 418 Brannan street^,
Music, singing and games were enjoyed b«
the young people and refreshments wei*
served later. Among those present were*
Misses Amelia i Strohmaier, -Lizzie WilS
Hams, . Bertha ¦,' Ochs, • Amy' and ¦ Emma
Fisher. Katie Krone, Amelia Wieman,
Louise Steuer... Amelia Wagner. Lillle
Koebclin. Ida and Ella .'WilKlns, -Annie
Feldman. Odelia Vitt. .-Minnie Miller,
Lulu Schmetzler,, -lAmy • Ochs and Miss
Cumerlander, Ernest: Ochs, Adolph, Wag
ner, Eugene • Mauerhan, Harry- and Ed
ward Williams,. Emil: Schnetzler, George
and Willie Strohmaier, William Schafer.
C. Hawarth, George Koebelin, George
Goebcl, Jacob Hess, Albert Ochs, Robert
Miller and Herman Hewelcker Mr. and
Mrs. C. Strohmaier, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Wucherer, Mr. and Mrs. R. Otto, Mr. and
Mrs. Blangy, Mr. and Mrs.: Letsche, B.
Morris, Mrs. Kendall, Mr. and Mrs. Ochs,
Mrs. Wagner and Mrs. Krone.:.'".
'¦ A' most agreeable ! surprise — party was
tendered to Mrs.- Conrad Poehlmann, for
merly Mrs.' K. Schleicher, Friday, March
14, at her residence, 1121 O'Farrell street,
by her daughter, .Mrs. Edwin L. Head.
About thirty-six ladies were present.
Music and an elaborate menu. were the
features of enjoyment. The drawing
rooms were handsomely I decorated in
spring blossoms, -American Beauty and
bride roses. . Mrs. Poehlmann . will .make
l'etaluma her future home. ¦
'..' A* very enjoyaoie". party was : given Fri
day evening, Aiarch',14, by. ~. Mrs.7 Minnie
Kornraayer to | ner , daughter,, at her resi
uence, '6±& Twenty-elghtn;street. : : A num
ber ol jjuesis spent the evening pleasantly
in 'games,' 'music'. and singing • until mid
night, when supper was served." -Those
present were:.- Miss Sophie. Palmer, Mrs.
falmer, " iUiss • (Jassie\,j<'uendeiing, Misses
Emily and 'Alice - Zecker, •- Mrs.- Zecker,
Misses Minnie and Annie Mienberger, Miss
Eva- Konrad,' Miss-Estelle Elliotte, Miss
Carrie Norton," . Miss Hattie Kornmayer.
Mrs. . Kotnmayer,' William /Hammer,
George Norton, Anthony Kprnmayer,
George -Ahl born, Ed Kern., Ralph 1 Mien
berger .anu, Joe; Gilmore. ' i r<
Ladies' Council was by Presi
dent Mrs. u.ti. .Davis and Vice President
Airs;~A: Schlesinaer. •/;.,-.. „--..'. .
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE SAN/ Fit AK CISCO 'CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
• The Independent Rifles celebrated the
silver anniversary, of the " Institution "of
that • organization : by. giving a ; ball and
banquet in Saratoga Hall during the'early
part of . the ; current month. The pro
gramme of dances was. up to date and at
the. banquet there .were present one hun
dred and sixty-five ladies and gentlemen,
each ' of whom received a souvenir of the
occasion in the shape of a gold badge," to
be worn by the ladles as a brooch and by
Independent Rifles.
33
Many, a woman spends an , hour, twice a
week scouring. her: scalp'; thinking. scrub-
bing off the scurf will cure, the dandruff.
Two hours a week'at the age of 40 "years
she has spenf 260' days of twelve ; - hours
'each, or two-thirds of ; a year, of ; her \ life,'
In that vain . hope-^yain ',"¦ because you 'can 1 1
cure dandruff wlthput killing, the dandruff
germ, farid? the only. hair. ; preparation, on
earth; that will do : that •' is Newbro's
•'Herpiclde*'— also "a- delightful" 1 hairdress-
ing . and ; 'thorough *, antiseptic . against ' all
contagion -\ from . use • ot ' - other's ;' hair
brushes. " ' . * / . . . "¦
Destroyed "to % Cure , Dandruff.
The Germ ' That ; Causes It . Has ; to Be
DANDRUFF 'WON'T WASH OUT.
Call or address New York Institute ot
Dermatology, Columbian bldg.. 918 Mar-
ket St.. (opposite Emporium). , San Fran-
cisco. Take elevator or stairs to 5th floor
The Institute is the Sole Pacific Coast
Agents for DE BEERS SKIN TONIC a
sure cure for wrinkles. Price Jl.00 'at
Drugsistfs, or direct.
Sagging cheeks speak louder than
words— they tell the tale no woman wants
to hear. Whether induced by care, Ill-
health or old age, they add from 30 to 40
years to any woman's appearance. Yet
nothing Is more easy to correct. I have
had many years of practical dally experi-
ence In correcting facial defects. By a
simple, painless operation I lift up tho
sagging cheek to its proper and natural
position. Perfect outline is given to un-
sightly, baggy chin and flabby throat.
Outstanding ears and deformed noies
made perfect. Absolutely painless and
without visible scar, as attested by my
own face, upon which three skin deep
cuts have been made to correct ill-shaped
nose and baggy eyelids. Consultation is
free either by letter or in person; strictly
confidential. During the last year I have
treated over 4000 ladles .of this city and
State.
I mS HlkujMSr EJH MS Ifj £k& P^Sfl ttj MSB wl*m nl iHL H Mpq \£m. mcQ Kw KV mmri C^
: TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. - f
;: Every person contracting to take the "CALL" for six (6) m nths can secure a S
ViO«UU v5CL Ol q
i "OCR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE" I
; Por $3.2O. I
Cannot be bought elsewhere for less-thin th? regular suoscription price of $15. 3
j An invaluable addition to every library! §
j An ornament to any drawing room! §
; o A source of instruction and entertainment f ,r old and y.ung, %
? yielding the delights of travel w itho.it its inconveniences. %
I THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. j
"Our Islands and Their People"!
AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. S
INTRODUCED BY ©
: . MAJOR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, |
With Special Descriptive Matter 'and Narratives by •
; JO^E DE OLIVARES S
» The Noted Author and War Correspondent. ' '-"*
J Author of 'The Trocha TcleRjaph." "The Curse of Lope^' "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian 3
: EMB pl^ifA|| R^.spL?i R A r E TY^ A c N Q D u^
PEARANCE. WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES ' S
RIVERS. VALLEYS. HILLS AND MOUNTAINS. SO COM- ' . 5
PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- > •
ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE •
PICTURED PAGE. •
With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war. by Senators Proctor •
Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as ; •
i?:.' they now exist. : . ¦ V 9
• j j * j u ¦ ' ' : ' 9/
"Vv*" 'M.. eT.. 33 li'y^A. IsT / •
Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and'Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu- •
manity," Etc.. Etc./ . . - ©
PHOTOGRAPHS -BY., . . 2
WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED W. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTFER AND OTHERS. •
. •• ¦ — ; : : — — '• . ''...... '•:¦ '¦
COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. %
REGULAR PRICE $i«;.oo PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET/ •
Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs. Colortypes and new: Colored Maps." 2
Brahman Toilet Cream
CURES ECZEMA. POISON' OAK AND DAN-
DRITF. Sold by J. S. Potts Dtjbr Co.. 1018
ilarket street, and other druggists; also at of-
fice of Dr. A. W. Traverse. 1170 Market street.
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-23, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency ffuaianteed; hour* 1 to 4 p. m.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Ktarny and Suffer Sts.
The. Ladies' neckwear department is fairly
overflowing with hundreds of dainty novelties
which are suitable" to >vear with Easter costumes.
Black Liberty Silk Bqas — in newest designs and best
materials .... . . i :. ....;.. ... .. . .$3.00; $4.50 to $ 1 5.00
Novelty Chiffon and Net Boas $5.00 to 520.00
Ostrich Feather Boas— all lengths $1 1 .75 to $40.00
We are showing an abundance of Dainty Ties in lawn,
silk mull, crepe de Chine, etc., in all popular colorings at
35c; 50c, 75c to $4.50 each. 1 . :
Collar Tabs— new colored effects— 50 designs at 35c ea.
Easter Neckwear
19 inch very fine Taffeta Silks in all . colors,
including white, ivory and cream — best *"7 {?&
quality ever offered at this. price, per yard / OCi
24 inch Foulards— e-cellent quality in all the
advance styles of Jardiniere effects; QC
special value, at, per yard. .:... OOC
, Summer Wash Silks for waists and suits, in
latest corded stripes, checks and plaids, also large
assortment of all white ; superior qualitv cTf\
at, per yard........ ...... .^.. DUG
Unusual Silk Values
Nickel Ash Trays, 50c, 75c and $1.25.
Bohemian Glass Ornaments, 30c, 65c and 85c.
Lonhuda Vases, silver. mounted, each $1.00.
Exquisite artistic pieces in Bronze, Nickel,
Lonh'uda Ware and Bohemian Glassware in unique
shapes and cplorings.
• Bronze Ornaments, comprising chickens and
birds, 85c and $1.25.
Easter Favors
Handsome tailored silk waists of Peau de Soie
in pink; blue, white and black '^front and (t*rj *yc
back with elaborately stitched .tucks. . *"4^/ • "/ .p
Stylish "Gibson" Silk Waists of Peau de Soie,
hemstitched back and front; narrow . ' ¦ ¦
white vest prettily trimmed with ball J) 1 0 7 5
buttons, a beautiful waist, at......... •
Handsome Moire Silk Waists in latest "Gibson"
effects, with double .row of. large gold .
ball buttons down the front, extre- j) 1 1 . / 5
mely stylish and excellent value at *T
Peau de Soie Silk Waists, back and front
stitched and tucked ; buttoned on the (tv irr\
side with large novelty buttons CpD.OU
Peau de Cygne Silk waists in pink, blue, green,
white and black; front, back and "q>/ r\r\
sleeves handsomely tucked............... .'^D.UU
The very handsomest and choicest: styles in
Fancy Dress and 1 Evening Waists are now being
shown here— all copies of imported models. -We
(mention a few especially attractive values:
Fancy Silk Waists
New Goods -in Great Assortments
. Splendid Easter Values
i^adies 1 ailored Suits
At^9Q SO Stylish Suits of fine basket
r\i vpz, /.JV cloth) in gray and red . Eton
Jacket with reveres; belt and cuffs handsomely
trimmed in moire silk; newest flounce skirt.
At Handsome Eton Cheviot
r\L vpz,U.,JV s u its, in tan and blue, with
white doth vest; jacket and skirt artistically
stitched in white ; one of the prettiest suits
shovvn'this season. N
New Stylish Belts
This is going to be a great belt season and
we have provided accordingly. From 50c to
$15. 00, we are showing a great variety of new
stylish belts. ~ .Y"'O
Elastic Belts witrf decorated gilt or oxidized
buckles and. back pieces to match ; $1.75,
$2.25, and up to $4.50. .
Beaded Elastic Belts, 75c, 85c and $1.25.
Tucked Satin Girdle Belts/each 65c.
Novelty Moire and Satin Belts with buckle
arfd back ornaments to match ; $1.50, $2.50
up to $10.00.
Belt Buckles, gilt or oxidized, 25c, 50c, 75c
to $7.00.
Belt Buckle Sets, 75c, $1.25, $150 to $1650.
Ladies' $1.50 Gloves
Our $1.50 Gloves are made by such makers
as Maggioni, Trefousse, Reynier> Fownesimd
Perrin,.all- pre-eminent in their particular
lines— complete stocks are here-^— every pair
guaranteed and fitted.
Maggioni 3 clasp kid gloves, Paris point
embroidery, in* all shades, including black
and white, per pair $1.50
The "Burlingame" 2 clasp outseam walk-
ing glove, colors and white, per pair $1.50
Perrins "Turkestan" 2 clasp pique glace
walking gloves in new shades $1.50
Fownes' 1 clasp outseam walking glove in
tan shades per pair $1.50
The "Weldon" 2 clasp pique kid and suede
gloves, colors and black, per pair $1.50
Becoming Veils
You can make your selections here from the
largest and best collection of veilings ever shown
in San Francisco — and prices are reasonable.
Fine Plain Tuxedo Veilings— many novelty com-
plexion meshes— a great assortment to choose from,
at 50c. a yard.
Dotted Tuxedo Veilings — new designs In black,
white on black, black on white, navy and brown,
at 50c. a yard.
Fancy Chiffon Veilings, embroidered and velvet
dots— entirelv new effects, at 5Oc and 75c a yard.
Novelty Made Veils— in hemstitched, dotted and
fancy figured, at 75c, S1.00 and $1.50 each.
Dry Goods -^^^^% Company
FANCY TAILORED SUITS
ANB OUTER GARMENTS.
LADIES' NQVCLTY MAN Not worn-out designs, blit newly
TATT HQFn made, and exclusively our own; In
1A1LUHLU oUIiX th ese fashionable fabrics—Vene-
tians, etamlnes. basket weaves, fancy weaves, cheviot -. home-
spuns, covers, mistrals, vlgoreaux, voiles, sharkskin' wire,
palmettos - nd Russia crashes ; showlnar style, fit, material, work-
manship and finish.
OUTER RAIMENT.
The recognized house for smart made, re"ady-to-wear
outer garments for women.
jt~ SilK Raglans, Three-Quarter Coats and Etons.
fiigh-Class Cloth Raglans and Jackets.
Silk, Wool aad Net Street Dress SKirts—
jv'A superb collection of handsome styles in ladies'
¦ high-class garments. '•
: CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
; ;/ Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square.
: : ". Mail and Express Orders Receive* Immediat 3 Attention.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEWMAN & . LEVINSON.
ADVERTI3EJOINT3.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sagging Cheeks.It Is the intention of, the women's clubs
In New York to Incorporate in that State
at least one village library every month
A debate on "Resolved, that the labor
unions and strikes are, on, the whole, a
benefit to the laboring classes," next oc
cupied the .attention, of the members of
the club. Mrs. F. Mclaughlin and Dr. C
Crockett speaking in the affirmative and
Mrs. H. W. Thorp and Mrs. A. M. Cox In
the negative. The decision was in favor
of the negative. This waa followed by a
violin solo by Miss Rose Lane, and the
meeting closed with the singing of "The
Star Spangled Banner" by the club.
The second meeting of the year of the
Corona Literary Club of the Mission Dis
trict, was interesting. "Current Topics"
were discussed by Miss Frances. Meeker
and others, Mrs. A. L. Berry read a very
instructive paper on "The Poets of Amer
ica" from the earliest to the present,
Professor Caldwell read selections from
Shakespeare and Thanatopsis, and Ed
ward Barry contributed vocal selectlons.-
Instrumental selections by Mrs. Peltret
beiner a medley of American airs, fol
lowed. , .
Proves to Be an Interest
ing One.
Second Meeting of the Current i Year
CORONA LITERARY CLUB
DISCUSSES LIVE. SUBJECT
The training of animals has been a
study with Norris and Rowe for the last
eighteen years. The creatures go through
their acts willingly and seem to enjoy en
tertaining the public as much as the pub
lic enjoys being entertained. They enter
into their work with a vim' and daBh that
would do credit to reason-endowed crea
tures. Performances will be given every
afternoon and evening- at 2:15 and 8:15. up
to and including Easter Sunday, March
Ovi . . :
During the afternoon one
of the trained ponies was slightly cut
about the leg and the attendant doctored
the injured member with applications of
whisky. The operation was performed
near the chimpanzee's quarters, so close
In fact that he found it an easy trick to
reach the fiery liquid. Jim took advant
age of the opportunity and drank con
siderable of the fluid before being caught.
After a reprimand the four-footed actor
was left to repent and the incident waa
forgotten. In a few minutes, however,
Jim let the show people know that the
whisky had not served as a sleep pro
ducer. The brute had slipped his collar
and had caused no end of trouble by his
unwelcome visit to the quarters of the
other animals. Jim was captured In time
to do his turn at the evening perform
ance, but his debauch had left him a lit
tle groggy.
Jim Robinson, the big. chimpanzee
whose performances have been a feature
of the Norris &Rowe trained animal
show at Mechanics 1 Pavilion, caused
much merriment and no little excitemeit
yesterday at the headquarters of the
miniature circus. . i
bibes Freely of Liquor and Causes
Much Trouble.
Norris & Rowe's Simian Actor Im-
PERFORMING CHIMPANZEE
DRINKS TOO MUCH WHISKY
Ca&aAa. U, without question, one of the com
ing copper countries— in fact, it took eighth
rank as a producer In 1801. Not only this, but
tn« percenUire of Increase was the largest «e
cured by any country making the metal ta
important quantities. British Columbia alone
maae nearly twice as much copper In 1901 as
Canada Has Future.
Bolivia has made copper In a email way for
many years, the Coro Cero mines being almost
the sole source of eupply. New companies have
be«n organised In the past twelve months, and
new mines are to be exploited.
Austria-Hungary has a number • of small
mines in Bohemia, the Tyrol and elsewhere. A
little Bosnian ore is included in the returns of
the dual empire, because smelted in Hungary.
Apparently nothing of much Importance in the
way of new mines is likely to be developed In
the near future.
Argentina has never been a considerable pro
ducer because of the inaccessibility of its best
copper fields. An English company was organ
ised late In 1901 for the purpose of developing
the Cerro de Caplllitas district, a field of much
promise. As it will be necessary to build a
railroad before opening and equipping th« mines
Argentina cannot make much copper for several
years, but will eventually become a producer
of Importance, in all iiklihood, as It has prom
ises of copper bearing measures.
The comparative table for the years 1900 and
1S01 shows an Increase of 4.5 per cent in the in
crease of the United States production; a gain
of 20 »>er cent for the real of the world, and an
increase of 11.4 per cent in the production of the
entire world. This 1b a much larger increase,
both in the United States and in other coun
tries, than has been given In any previously
printed estimate of 1901 copper output, but In
the case of all other estimates yet printed the
figures' have been confined to those of the
United States and of all other countries lumped
together. The generally accepted estimate of
increased production in countries other than
the United States has been 12 per cent, but this
figure is too low. Nearly all of the principal
copper producing countries of the world, other
than the United States, made considerable gains
In 190L
Speaking of the copper mining industry
abroad the Western Mining World sup
plies some very interesting facts, which
are summarized as follows:
Years Are Compared.
In a review of the statistics supplied by
the Copper Handbook the Western Min
ing World says:
Long tons— 1S01 to 181Q. 91,000; 1811 to 1820.
9G,0Ut; 1821 to 1830. 135.000; 1831 to 1S40, 218,
000; 1841 to 1S50, 291.000: 1851 to 1860. 506.9U8;
lSCi to 1S70, 900,000; 1871 to 1&S0. 1.189,000;
1SS1 to lSJXt. 2,373,398; 1901 to 1900. 3.708,901:
total. 9,507,296.
The following table illustrates the re
markable growth of the copper mining
industry in a century:
Montana— 1900, 270,7S8.4S9 pounds: 1901.
248.000,000. Michigan— 1900. 142,153,171; 1901.
170,800.000. Arizona— 1900. 118.317.764; 1901,
120.000.000.
An approximate estimate of the copper
output of the world during the year 1901
is made possible by the Copper Handbook
of \rhich advance sheets have been re
ceived. The grand total. Including the
United States, is figured out to have been
456,409 long tons, as compared with 54L
BU long tons for the year preceding. Th«
United States in 1901 supplied of the total
output 2G9.111 tons and in 1900 produced
2&U1U. California in this summary is
credited with 28.611,225 pounds in 1900 and
25.000,000 pounds in 1901.' Montana. Mich
igan and Arizona make the great show-
Ing, of course, the figures being ¦. tabu
lated as follows:
A list of the rare minerals for which
California Is famous has been prepared
by the State Mining Bureau, and the
showing is quite striking. California is
the only State producing lepidolite or
lithia mica, which is shipped to Ger
many for lithia salts. This is also the
only State in the Union mining the rare
mineral known as magnesite, and the
only one that produces chrome iron; the
only one that, produces platinum, lridium
and osmium in quantity. With the ex
ception of a portion of Nevada, next to
the California line, California is the only
producer of borax in the United States
and it is the source of tne main supply
of the country. ¦ . : . •
One-fourth of the world's supply of
quicksilver comes from California. Then
again California holds the fourth position
as a producer of petroleum. It is the
only State that produces asphalt, and it
rivals Trinidad in this product. A great
gold State and' fast becoming: a crest
copper State, it is unique in the production
of natural soda; has vast areas in which
niter is found; has a Him. bauxite, bismuth
and nickel awalttr.r utilization and Is a
great producer of turquoise.
More than 200 diamonds that are authen-
State's Unique Minerals.
Forty stamps will be operating upon the
accumulated ore at the Central Eureka
mine at Sutter Creek, Amador County, by
the middle of next month, The vein fol
lowed by the shaft has been struck in
the Bay State mine near. Plymouth at 80
feet west from the 760-foot station. At
the Onelda mine at Sutter Creek from
9000 to 10,000 tons of ore are being crushed
per month by the sixty-stamp mill
According to VV. Murdock the gravel at
the Gray wing mine at Folsom shows Im
provement. No sign of rim rock appeared
In a 150-foot cross drift.
The Boyle quartz mine In Humbug, near
Yreka, Slskiyou County, will again be
operated in charge of a new company
It has been Idle several years.
The Redding Free Press says:
D. McCarthy of Shasta County has bonded
sixteen copper claims from Jackson, Davis
BaTcer, Ray and Diedrlck on Diamond Creek'
Del Norte County. Cal. The bond is for one
year and the price is $70,000. He will get to
work the 1st of April with a force of men
developing the property.
A new company has been organized In
Los Angeles to work a quicksilver mine
in San Luis Obispo County.
The Tucson Citizen says that the rumor
has been confirmed that a large smelter
will be Installed at Guaymas by New
York parties.
From California Mines.
Apropos of the Investigations which the
State Mineralogist is making concerning
certain mining companies in this State is
the following singular statement In the
Mining and Scientific Press:
Stock In a mining company, which claims
to be doing something at some place not defi
nitely stated out in the desert in Riverside
County, Cal., Is being advertised In a pros
pectus that is a gem in the inducements it
offers to people to become stockholders. It
Btates that the stockholders are owners in a
lot of engines, boilers and other machinery, a
drug store, harness rooms, 160 acres of land,
of which forty acres are Inclosed with a barbed
wire fence and used as a pasture for the com
pany's mules, a cottage, bunk house, corral,
all buildings being- substantial and modern,
horses, mules, burros, stages and wagons, oil
lands, sandstone quarries, gypsum beds, iron
claims, many good roads and trails, a spring
of soft water, more than the mills can pos
sibly use, and five acres of a vegetable gar
den. It adds that the company has no sa
loons at the mines, does not allow liquor, beer,
gambling or danc« houses on the grounds and
employs quiet and peaceable miners. Evi
dently the promoters think the Inducements
offered will sell the stock like hot cakes, else
they would have spoken of the mines that the
company proposes to work as at least an in
cident of the proposition. Of course there are
mines of some kind somewhere m the plans of
the company promoters, but the prospectus
Is silent concerning them. It does not say
whether they are gold, silver or somo other
metal. The "ore" is not referred to at all
nor Is there anv mention of prospective divi
dends. It Is possible, however, that the pro
moters are only trying to tell the truth. It
Is quite possible that they tre not sure about
having a mine, or that there will be dividends,
but are sure of the mules, the spring of soft
water and the five acres of vegetables.
A Queer Prospectus.
Australia is developing a large number of
new copper mines, located in nearly every
State of the commonwealth. A number of
these new mines are of more than average
promise, but many of the districts are ham
pered by inadequate transportation facilities.
The Great Cobar and Wallaroo and Moonta
remain the principal Australian mines. The
commonwealth should show a substantial gain
In production within the next two or three
years.
Chile made a considerable gain in produc
tion last year. Her maximum output was in
1876, when *2,S08 metric ton6 were produced,
this being nearly two-fifths of the world's out
put. Even as recently as twenty years ago
Chile, Spain and the United States made prac
tically the same output each. Since that time
Spain has doubled her output, the United
States has increased its production tenfold
and Chile has remained nearly stationary. The
largest and, in fact, the only important gain
ecored in many years was made in 1901, when
about 38,000 long tons were produced. A large
amount of new capital, mostly British, has
been placed in Chilean mines within the past
three years and the mines are being equipped
and operated on a more modern scale. It was
the neglect to employ modern methods and ma
chinery that caused the decline of Chilean
copper production during . the last quarter of
the last century.
the entire Dominion produced in 1900, increas
ing its production from 9,000,000 up to 80,000.
000 pounds. Important mines are being opened
in Nova Scotia, Quebec, Ontario and British
Columbia. The Cudbury field, in. the district
ef Algoma, province of Ontario, is developing
several new mines of promise. The old Bruce
mines, on Georgian Bay, have been reopened,
and now await the construction of a smelter,
and other Important mines are nearly ready
for production. Canada will make more cop
per In 1902 than the United States made in a
year so comparatively recent as 1S80.
Figures in the Recently Published' Handbook Give a Basis
for Some Estimaie; Regarding Output of This Metal on
Pacific Coast, Its Production Keeping Busy State Mills
COPPER MAKES A GREAT
SHOWING IN UNITED STATES
The hydraulic and placer mines throughout
the county are now belnir worked very suc
cessfully, as a good supply of water Is af
forded since the late storms of rain and snow.
Quartz miners arc also actively at work In
Retting out ore and starting up mills.
The Eureka Journal says:
A great deal of mining work Is going on at
the various mines about here, and from present
Indications this will be the busiest summer
Calaveras County has hart for many years.
New capital Is being Invested and a great ideal
of development work ' Is being done. For* a
time It was thought that there would be a
shortage of water here thl» summer, but now
that In a thing of the past, as there hrui been
more than the usual amount of rainfall for
this season.
AH the mining men of Calaveras Coun
ty, says the Stockton Independent, are
of the opinion that the present season
will be the most prosperous that the coun
ty has seen for many seasons, as the con
"ditlons for a long: run could not be better.
The general situation in the county la
summed up by the Angels Record, as fol
lows: . i
"Water for Mining.
"A revolution is taking place through
out the South in the use of fuel. Beau
mont oil Is generally supplanting coal for
power producing purposes. At Shreve
port. La., -compresses,. sawmills, cotton
seed oil mills and ginneries genera ly have
made the substitution of oil for coal. The
Shreveport Traction Company and the
Belt Line Company have just finished in
stalling plants for making the change. It
has been demonstrated that there is a
saving of at least 35 per cent in the cost
of fuel. The oil is brought to the fac
tory in its crude shape In tank cars, Just
as it comes from the gushers. ! It co-sts
1 2-3 cents per gallon, delivered," against
a cost of $3 25 per ton for good steam
coal. Other advantages in the use cf oil
are its cleanliness and the saving in the
wages of stokers. The oil is sprayed in
by machinery. The oil is a black green,
with a pungent odor."
tic have, according to the same official
authority, been discovered in California.
At the same time the State has attracted
wide attention among Eastern" jewelers
with its tourmalines. Onyx of great
beauty and travertine rivaling that or
Egypt are thrown in to make up full
measure in a very' unique catalogue. J ¦
Wolframite has again been discovered
In. this State. As to the extent of the
latest deDosit to be found there . is no
present information. The State Mining
Museum has been enriched by several
samples of ore in the past week, which
were found in Madera County. The prin
cipal interest attaching to the find from
a commercial point of view is that the
mineral is worth easily $400 per ton. . In It
is the coveted tungstate or tungstlc acid,
which has been found to be extremely
serviceable in the fabrication of armor
plate for the protection of modern ships
of war. Commonly wolframite has been
discovered with tin ores, but its presence
does not necessarily Indicate the pres
ence of tin. A discovery of wolframite
was made In San Diego County some
time ago. ; ¦¦•¦¦• '[¦,'
The Pacific Oil Repprter says
Oil in the South.
Large tanks will be constructed for the
Southern Pacific Company for storage
purposes at Suisun.
Clifford Richardson of the United States
testing laboratory has made some tests in
the Texas fuel oil and has found sulphur.
Denver parties are preparing to drhl for
oil in Oregon, at Sand Hollow.
The Four Oil Company has brought suit
against the Kern River Oil Company and
the Elmwood Oil Company to -quiet title
to twenty acres of land.
An attempt is under, way to negotiate
for the sale of the Hart Crude Oil Com
pany's lands In the East. The company
owns the largest compact body of land In
the Kern River district. .
"At present there is a great cry of
'overproduction' among the oil men. Walfc
a while. The use of oil has just beguifr
There had to Ije an overproduction at'
first, else the possible great consumers
would not use it. The railroads would
never have changed their locomotives
from coal to oil burning had they not
been assured of an ample supply. The
great factories and iron works that are
now beginning to use oil would never
have done so if they had not become
convinced that they could get oil in suf
ficient quantities when and where they
wanted it. The ! steamship companies,
that will soon be using thousands of bar
rels daily, would never have entertained
the thought of using oil did not the pres
ent overproduction exist. , If oil producers
can only be patient and hold on for a few
months longer the oil business will be all
right, prices will advance, the drills will
be constantly pounding, the refineries will
be in full blast and from all sides will
come the cry, 'Give us oil!' "
The Pacific Oil Reporter says about the
outlook fo/ a greater demand for Cali
fornia fuel oil:
Reasons for Demand.
The announcement is made that the
Standard Oil Company is receiving sixty
miles of pipe each month for the line
from the Kern River lields to Point Rich
mond. The iron business in the East is
still driven with orders. The first lot of
pipe Is arriving in Installments and the
plans of the Standard Oil people look to
pushing the work of actual construction
as rapidly as is feasible under the circum
stances. Several months will necessarily
pass before the transportation of oil by
pipe to tidewater from Bakersfield is an
accomplished fact. The understanding
now Is that the pumping stations will be
somewhat , more than twenty-five miles
apart and that the pipe line will be divid
ed into ten sections. The Bakersfield Cal
if ornian of the 20th inst. reported that
ground had not then been broken In that
section for the construction of the line,
but that the. pipe that had arrived had
been distributed along the line. The line
will be buried in the ground and will be
covered with a coating of asbestos.
He leaves a wife, two sons, three sis
ters and one brother and a large circle of
warm personal friends to mourn his loss,
nf tfi e H , arri !| was a Past post commanded
tt ty,t £ r ? nd A r , my of the Republic, and
at the date of his death was adjutant of
S" p ° s * r No - 1. Department of Cali
fornia- and Nevada, GAR
After two years of successful practice
In the courts of Nevada he was elected
Judge of the Third Judicial District. By
re-election he held the office for a period
of eight consecutive years. During his
incumbency he earned the reputation of
being one of the ablest jurists in the
State. In. politics he was a stanch Re
publican until the silver agitation a few
years ago when he became an advocate
°f B Bllver " and a strong supporter
Judge Harris was born In Dryden,
Tompkins County, N. Y.,' on September 3,
1839. When he was 12 years of age," with
his parents, Rev. Charles W. Harris and
Eliza N. Harris, he removed to Hennepin
uounty, Minnesota,, where he Jived til 1
1861. At the breaking out of the war ho
was attending college at Red Wing, Minn.
At the call for volunteers he was one
of the first to respond .and enlisted in
Company P, First Minnesota Infantry.
Hia regiment was soon sent to the fro -u
and engaged in the first battle- of . Bui-
Run on the 21st day of July, 1861. During
that battle he, received a bullet wound lr
his breast and was left on the ) Held 'is
dead and was so reported. This report
was not contradicted for a period of
three weeks, and during that time funeral
services were held ana he was mourntu
as dead. . '
i He rallied, however, and was taken as
a prisoner of war to Richmond, Va.,
where he remained till the following No
vember, when he was sent to Fortress
Monroe as one of the first prisoners ex
changed during the war.
He then returned to his home in Min
nesota and remained there till the spring
of 1862. Through Congressman Aldrich
of Minnesota he was given a clerkship
In the War Department at Washington.
D. C, where he rendered able service till
he resigned in July, 1S64.
He again returned to Minnesota, wa<»
admitted to the bar and immediately
started for the Pacific Coast. On his ar
rival he went to Washoe City, New.
where he entered into partnership with
his uncle, the late Hon. J. W. North, in
the practice of law.
The funeral of the late Judge Charles
North Harris, who died in this city on
the . 17th Inst. from \ pneumonia, • will I be
held this afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
assembly hall of the Pioneer building.
The services will be under the ausplce3
of Lincoln Post, G. A. R. The remains
will be cremated at Cypress Lawn Cem
etery.vV ¦'.. ... - ;•;,"; .' .¦, i ;. : . '
Jse of Fuel Oil Becoming
General in States of
1 the South.
Lincoln Post of the Grand
Army to Have Charge
of the Services
standard's Pipe Line Is
Arriving in Install
ments. ,
Funeral of Judge Harris
Takes Place This
Afternoon, v
R ECEIVES SIXTY
MILES A MONTH
COMRADES MOURN
VETERAN'S DEATH
34
WEEEY CALL
16 Pages. $1 per Year
Norris & Rowe's
mINED
ill 1 JLJMJ
Sff (IWS
¦j^/flJl \I IT 4./
POSITIVELY THE LARGEST. HANDSOMEST
AND BEST-TRAINED AGGREGATION
OF PERFORMING ANIMALS IN
THE WORLD.
AT THE — —
MECHANICS' PAVILION
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING at
. 2:15 and 8:15.
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN, 10c.
Phone Main 720 for Seats.
UNION COURSING PARK
JMO. GRACE, Jndge ; JAS. T. GRACE, Slijpar.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY - - - MARCH 23.
FOUR
Notable Coursing
Fvpnfc'
LfUlllOi
OPEN, RESERVE,
SAPLING and
SPBCIA1L STAKES
120— NOMINATIONS— 120.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend »treet« 10 '13
a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets flv« minutes later
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
| FISCHER'S THEATER
• OTarrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Street*.
Telephone Main 231.
The I irst Stinday~Matinee To»Day
OF I
LITTLE CHRISTOPHER. [
Th ° ° nl Ac?u U a1 1C H l ,t P He?e % Se^* "
And Why? Because Jt Is the Funniest the
Prettiest costumed, the Best Staged, the Beit
Acted the Bef-t Suns. You ought to come and
Our Prices, always— Night, 25c and 50c-
Matinees, Saturday and Sunday. 25c anywhere*
Children at MaUne«3. 15c. •"^wnere.
WE HAVE 'A SURPRISE COMINO.
gfe^ RAGING
Every Week Day-
""^ Rain or Shine
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco « t i» _ ¦ . '
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m. «in^L,* a ' 1
with trains stopping at the n^nw^ U t l*
track. Last two cars on train ™e*ervirt V 1 "
ladles and their escort*; no imokL B 7» ' Or
rerry tlck.ts to Shell Mound. All »££* ? r
Oakland mole connect with San Pfchtow-Ji*
•Uctrlc cars at Seventh and Broadwa* £2£*
land. Also all trains via Alameda TSm" °* k "
nect with San Pablo avenue c»r?. tF ™ e t . Co ?:
and Broadway. Oakland. These electee !£
go direct to the track In fifteen minute? ™
Returning—Trains leave the track at *.i*
p. m. and Immediately after 3J. tag
: C Jarle A s S p • P^irV A ? S JR - »«W«c
¦ thAKLEa F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
;®©ooo©o©©oooooo@o©©®©o©©o©o©eo«©o©©©©#ooo««i
: COMPARATIVE RESULTS j
I Of the operation of Old Type Blast Furnace i
1 and furnace of the Vulcan Smelting and Re- <
! f.ning Company at. the Ivanpah Smelting j
[Company's opper World Mine, at Valley J
[ Wells, San Bernardino County, Cal., during <
[ten. days' run: , ; j
> ¦ ¦ • ¦• ¦¦ Vulcan. Old Type. !
) Diameter of furnace..... 36" 42" '
\ Area of smelting zone..-........'......... 7 feet 9V4 feet !
> Smelted per 24 hours...'.....;...............-. 22 tons 28 tona \
\ Smeltinrzone. 3 1-7 tons 2 9-10 tons 1
1 Coke used per ton or ore smelted ...........;... . 320 lbs 400 lbs - t
\ Coal used daUy.. ....... ...;.....^... .....;...... 3 tons tons J
Slag produced daily 16^ tons 21 tons
Copper lost in slags daily............ 493 lbs 1260 lbs '<
Copper bullion produced dally:.:................ 2583 lbs 2660 lbs I
J Copper produced from'one ton of ore............... 22H lbs • 45 lbs <
* Labor oost" per, ton bullion' produced ...., 120.00- "• $24 SO ' • i
Total smelting cost per ton bullion. '. 111.70 140 50 '
Value of copperlost In 8'agrer; ton of bullion '. i
produced.........;.........;...........;-......:^.;. 34.40 W.70 <
. i Total, eavinps in Vulcan furnace . per ton of bul- ; •
I lion produced:.........'............. ...." :. $89.10
!' (Signed) ... "j-Jl-.W^ BENNIE, ;j
, *.M. Inst. WI.&M.. (London). J
MIRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 29. 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. 8:30. *i>:3l>. 11.00 a. m.
•1:45. 8:15. 4:15, 5:15, fLAS, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Fcr Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 11:40 r>. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. 9:00. «10:00. ni:3O a m
•1:15. 3:15. »4:45. 6:3O. 0:30 p.m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— '5:25, 6:27. 7:45, 8:35. 10:15
a. m., '12-.25. 2:15. '3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •8:00, 'lO:^ 'llUS a. w..
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. tt.45. 7:55. S:55. 10:oO
a, m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:13
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m.
, THROUGH TRAINS.
,6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
. 1;45 p. m. Saturdays^ — Duncan Mills and way
stations. - ¦
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Fairfax, Sundays— 8:00, 9:00. 10:00, Il;C'j
a. m. , .
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
Sproaf s Market
SPECIALS FOR
Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday.
1300 LBS PURE LEAF LARD....3c POUND
On $2.00 Meat Orders ™ uwu
28 °°™& E U BEST MOCH A AND JAVA
*;™« 8c POUND
On $.{.00 Grocery Orders
S g° P £»« to^ t
3 Large Cans TABLE PEACHES 25e
6 lbs Large FRENCH PRUNES " 23 e
NE^Hr-ii^ T B o^v i? Evi :.. p f As: " N " E^ g
CRE WHIEKT J^^, TUCKT BOURBON"
»» xiicK. 1 , p^r gal r-» »vj|
Great eacrlfices on fresh MEATS BUTTF"t*
POTATOES. FLOUR, DRIED FRIirM
WKES. BEER, also LARD SUGAR R c"^'
14 lbs 6PRECKELS PURE CANE SUGAR
" " On ' $3.00 ' Ord'e'rV.' ' ' 5Oc
2 pkgs GRAPE NUTS ...25<?
Three Cays 'only. Bond's Boston Brown Bread,
Flour, large package, worth 60c. now 25c.
SPECIAL PRICES ON ALL FRESH MEATS
W e want you to know we are Leaders In" all
trood things to eat and drink.
Phone South 894.
Sproat's Market
«019 MARKET STREET.
TO-NIGH i^f^
BLANCHE WALSH,
The Beautiful Romantic Revolutionary Play,
"JANICE MEREDITH."
I . ¦ . . ,
TWO : TO-MORROW ! March
wttiv>, .... Mipur : 24.
I Beginning \ NluHli :
SATURDAY MATINEE.
LIEBLER & CO.'S
IMMENSE PRODUCTION OF
Ball 'Caine's
Great Play,
j -
: ' ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ '
With
EDWARD MORGAN
As JOHN STORM (Hl« original role.)'
j Assisted by
Elsie Leslie,
As GLORY QUAYLE,
And ! a Company of
50-PEOPLE-50
THE MOST REMARKABLE DRAMATIC
TRIUMPH IN YEARS.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"Cleopatra,"
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
EVENING.
SECOND WEEK of Our SIOOO Star,
MELBOURNE MACD0W£LL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardou's Strongest Play,
"LA TOSCA."
The Most Talked of Play of the Aire.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15e. 25c, 50c. 75c.
¦ Good - Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c. : ,
BEJLASCO ***** THALLS Jfc£$£L
• MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT Last Time.
The Champion Lightweight of the Coast,
JIMMY BRITT
In the Thrilling Melodrama,
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
A THREE-BOUND CONTEST in the last act
between Jimmy Brltt and Charley Reno.
DDirCC Evenings... .10c, 16c, 25c, S5c, 50c
rnlWCd Matinees ...10c, 15c. 25c
TO-MORROW EV'G. — The Greatest Naval
"THE MAN-O fI -WARSMAF"
¦ ; ¦ —
' B4 n r- ' m p Kft *^» I H* BS> . , *
¦ Belascb & Thall.' Managers. ¦ .
A GREAT HIT!
MATINEE TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT and ALL
. . _ NEXT WEEK.
The Brightest and Cleverest Comedy This Ytar,
SEE THE PHONOGRAPH THAT! ACTS!'
A FUNNY SHOW— A GREAT CAST. ,
1 '" Seats , On Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, v 60c and 75c.
In Preparation— "BROTHER JQHN."
Week Commencing This Afternoon,
March 23.
STRENUOUS
VAUDEVILLE!
Annual Engagement of
PAPINTA \
The 'World Famed Myriad Dancer.
FRANK LINCOLN
The Globe-Trotting Humorist.
Louis A. Crace
SIMON, GARDNER
And COMPANY
Presenting "THE NEW COACHMAN."
THE MELANI TRIO
Comedy Vocalists and InstruiBentallsts.
George Frances
GORMAN AND KEPPLER
The Comedian and the Dancer.
HEDRIX AND FRESGOTT
Refined Singing and Dancing Duo.
1LES TROUBADOURS
T0UL0USIAN5
French Singing Quartet.
THE BIOCRAPH
Showing Panorama of San Francisco
"Water Front, Big Tree "Wawona" and
Prince Henry at Independence Hall.
Philadelphia. -
Last Week of the Favorite Comedienne.
FANNY RICE
Assisted by ALICE BEACH Mo-
COMAS. In a change of repertory.
* Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, 10c.
Children. 10c. any part except reserved.
A few front Orchestra rows, reserved,
60c; front rows of Balcony, reserved.
2Bc. '
o i o
OH** £ 1 vA wS Bt^S^ssBi ¦¦ bTj
*Ti VpLI*
Evenings at 8 Sharp
; MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
MONDAY, MARCH 24,
Fifth Week \
Of the Enormous Musical Hit.
THE BOSTONIAN*S OPERA.
The
PAUL STE1NDORFF. Musical Director.
Stage Director. FERRIS i HARTMAN.
No Wonder It Is Doing a Banner Business.
• With the
GREAT CAST!
MAGNIFICENT MUSIC
CLEVER COMEDY and
UNEQUALED PRODUCTION.
' COMING— Alice Nejlsen's Opera.
"The Fortune Teller."
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
TOOIIGHT-
THE BIG SCENIC PRODUCTION.
HOLDEN BROS.'
NEW SENSATION and Mammoth Melodra-
matic Success. •*.' .. -
THE
DENVER
EXPRESS.
SEATS READY
Next— AL O. FIELD GREATER MINSTRELS.
PfliflrA Desirable location,
1 IliUvW unsurpassed cuisine,
u n equaled ser-
51 fin vicc and modern
lillU conveniences are the
_ ";/.-; attributes that have
iirnnn madc tnese tvro n °-
UltlllU tels popular with
_- tourists and travel-
HmPIC er * wno *"»* San
IIUICIO Francisco.
AMTJSEME.NTS.
AliU6EMj2WT.a.
BlliaHBBB.BHDBBBBnBIBl»BIBBHBB»HBBBBBI>B>
| EASTER GARMENTS }
j CUT RATE PRICES |
I goldenIate j
Lfe . ¦¦¦'.' i \
B An unusual opportunity to purchase a stylish Tailor Suit at the m
¦ height of the season at MONEY-SAVING PRICES. g
§ Model Tailor Suits, the perfection -of high-class tailoring, magnificently ¦
a trimmed and lined. Real value $60.00 and $65.00. .•??, g
g CUT RATE PRICE $45 and $50 a
¦ v Black Peau de Soie.and Taffeta Silk Tailor Suits, rich, stylish and per- g
¦ V . feet fitting, lined throughout with reliable quality fancy taffeta silk, g
J5 Regular price $45.00. . • a
g CUT RATE PRICE S32.5O b
* New Blouse Eton and the Gibson Suit, made of all-wool basket cloth g
S or cheviot, jacket taffeta silk-lined, skirt the newest, graceful hang- Q
m ing. Our regular $20.00 suit. H
¦ CUT RATE PRICE SI5.OO |
1 NEW SPRING JACKETS |
§ Made of cheviot, Venetian or kersey, jaunty, stylish and perfect fitting, at g
m S5.OO, S6.OO, S7.5O, S8.5O and SIO.OO ¦
I N0VELfY~TAIL0R JACKETS I
g . $13.00, $17.50, $20.00. ,. ¦
§ THE NEW BISHOP COAT j
B Made of tan or black broadcloth. 55 inches long, lined throughout with ¦
H heavy satin, stylish and elegant. Full value $35.00. §
| CUT RATfc PRICE S25.OO S
| 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. ¦
BHUBEaaEBraHHaaaBaaBHBaaaaiEBBaaEanaaEnaaBHHaaB
DRY GOODS OO/VlF^iCVlNY.
ladieS^idgloves.
A QUICK FRESH SHIPMENT FOR EASTER.
MOCHA GLOVES.
ONE LARGE PEARL CLASP, PIQUE, PARIS POINT
EMBROIDERED-comes in black, gray, mode and
brown, also black with white embroidery— are very
much in demand, neat, and can't be beat for
ti 00 A PAIR.
lk«Jp JL# \»Jr
The energies of our house are devoted to the selection
and importation of the newest and choicest novelties
in glovewear, and we handle nothing but the best.
Genuine French Glace Kid Three-Clasp "City of Paris"
Gloves are In ll/shades and Overseam Glace Gloves, In
black and are the equal to any new and staple shades and
$1.25 Glove ever offeredtfi rn tints, also In black, are a ci ca
anywhere. Price a palr* 1#ww great value for. pair * ltl ' v
ALL OUR GLOVES ARE FITT D 1 O THE HAND AND
WARRANTED.
TSkasolsT
Our Spring and Summer Parasols in rare effects and
beautiful designs have arrived, and we invite an early
and a critical inspection before the assortment is
broken by the present large demand.
NOTE-ALL LAST SEASON'S PARASOLS ARE MARKED TO
CLOSE OU I" AT HALF PRICE.
CITY OF PARIS^DRY^GOODS COMPANY,
Gear/ and Sto;kton Streets, Union Square.
ADVERTISEMENTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJHXTSEME2JT3.HOTEL ARRIVALS,
New York Stock Market
EASTERN MARKETS.
Tin was about steady with a moderate Job
bing - demand, but . there - was no • speculative
activity. Spot waa quoted at 2G%@27c .
Lead was steady and unchanged at 4«c and
spelter was firm; at $4 35. . S V, " a \
Iron ruled steady. Plglron warrants were !
nominal. No. -1 Northern foundry, , SIS COM '<
1!) 50; No. 2 Northern foundry, $1S©19- No 1
Southern foundry. $17 B0@18; No. 1 Southern
foundry, soft, $li 50@18.
:-.-.¦•¦ New York Cotton Market.
; NEW YORK, March 22;— Cotton closed 6®
17 points lower. ¦_
London Wool Sales.
LONDO&. March 22.— Tlie offerings at the
'wool ' auction .' sales . to-day numbered 12.736
bales, most of which were sold to ' the home
trade and the , Continent. ; Prices generally
.were '.'unchanged; but crossbreds "occasionally
fell off slightly. • The oiTerlngs; during the
present series have been 129,000 bales of which
4500,bales weje withdrawn owing to" the firm
ness of holders.i' f ' A : fair supply of Punta Ar»- !
nas was offered to-day; "Fine grades were firm j
but low sorts were easier and a farthing iower!
Foreign Markets. : ¦
LONDON, March 22.— Consols. ! 93 7-16. * Sil
ver, 24%d. Cargoes on passage, quiet and
fctcady ; > English' , country/, markets, .; quiet ) and
steady;' Indian shipments of wheat' to ; U V K
NEW YORK.. March 22.— Copper was slow |
of sale to-day, but the undertone 'was fairly !
steady while prices ; were unchanged. Lake J
closed afl2@12%c and electrolytic and casting i
New York Metal Market.
.Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6%@7%c for Steers' and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
- VE AL-^-Large, 8@8%c: small. 8%@10c per
pound.
, MUTTON— Wethers. 8%@3%c: Ewes. S®0c
per pound. ¦
• LAMB — Yearlings. ' lOgllc per . 1b; Spring
Lamb. 12%@14c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, *7%@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MAKKET.
The following quotations are (or good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
•CATTLE — Steers. 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cowa, 4®5c per lb.
.• CALVES — 4V65g5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes. 3%@4c per
lb (gross weleht). - /
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50@2 75 per
head or 1 5%@6c per lb Hvewelght;, yearlings,
4%©5c aer lb.
HOGS— live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6Wc:
200 lbs and over. 6«6%c: feeders 5%c: sows,
20 • per cent off : boars. 60 per cent oft, and.
si-'ss, 40 per cent off from the above quota
tions.
General Merchaitdise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July. Cc: San
Quentln. 6.55c; Wool Bags.- 32i@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@Sc.
COAL — Wellington. $9- per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. ,$9; Seattle. $6 SO; Bryant, $8 50;
Roslyn.«$7; Coos Bay. $5 50; W^allsend..$8 6«:
Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50; Cumberland. $12
ln bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite " Egg. — -; Welsh Anthracite. $14:
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 p«r.20i>0 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to. brand. . . , .
OIL — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. i.
TOo;. pure. ? I 20; Linseed Oil. ln barrels, boiled.
76c:; raw, 74c: cases, 5c more:; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and C4c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra .winter strained, barrels. 85c: cases, SOc;
China -Nut,- 57%@6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels. -70c: cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
05o:.Whale Oil.'inalural Avhite. 40®50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil., barrels. 42%c: " cases. ' 47%?:
Cocoanut Oil. barrels. ¦ tBy.c for Ceylon and
5SV4c for Australian. .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oif, Incises, 20c: Astral, 20c;-
Star.'2Cc; Extra Star, 24c: Klalne, 2Sc; Pocen*.
i*2c; p deodorized" stove Gasollne.ln bulk. 13c; In f
cases,\21%c; Beniine. in bplk. 14e; in cases.
20%c; 86-d?^ree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; in ,
cases. 26%c.
.•TURPENTINE— 73c, per galor in cases and
67c In drums and Iron barrcis. -¦ ; .
j SUGAR — The ; \Veatern > Kusar Reflnliuc Com- .
DRESSED MEATS.
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions
under this head.
San Francisco Meat Market.
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
BKANS— Bayus. $2 WU2 wr. tima\-. V\ ru:e.
$2 75@3; Large White, $2 40@2 65; Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink. *S«2 ?0: Red. *? 'A1@? 50: ni»"k
eye, $4 50@t 75; Limas, $4 15@4 35; Red Kid
neys, $3 5C@4 • per ctl.
. SEEDS — Trieste Mustaid, $2 B0@2 65; Yel
low Mustard. $-1 25j?3 CO; Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3 %c for Eastern: Alfalfa.' from Utah. ¦
10%(fllc; California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@
£Mp: H»»mp,' : .1V»e per lb. • '
. DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 50
{?2: Blackeye. nominal. ,. __. . .
. Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oregon . Burbanks were firm, with some gilt
edge stock selling from 5®10c over the quoted
priced Garnet Chiles from Oregon were higher
under light supplies. Other descriptions of old
Potatoes were unchanged. Choice stock of new
Potatoes sold well at the quotations, but poor
stock was hard to sell at any price. Receipts
were 67 sks. '.•¦ '. ¦•-;¦¦ . •
There is a steady demand for fancy Oregon
Onions, . but the bulk of the present offerings
are of an : Inferior quality. ¦...¦•..: '
' .' Asparagus : continued to bring high prlcts,
although the market had an easier tone. There
was soroc; inquiry for Rhubarb; for, fchlpment
north, but as supplies were large prices showed 1
no improvement. Peas were in oversupply and
weak. Offerings of Los Angeles Tomatoes were
of Inferior quality and, weak. • ¦
: Receipts 'were 588 hxs Rhubarb. 344 Aspara
gus, 168 sks Peas from the bay and 78 sks
and-14-bxs Vegetables from Los Angeles.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. 2%@3yjC per, lb;
old, $1 25@1 '40 for 'Burbanks from the river:
Oregon Burbanks, $l'35@l 75; Oregon Garnet
Chiles; '' $1 .' 40® 1' 50 ;-< River Reda." $1 50@l 60;
Early. Rose, 'for seed, $1 60(^)1 75;. small Bur
banks, for seed, ..$1 'JO®! 40; Sweets, $150®
1 CO for Merceds. ¦ ' . -
--ONIONS — Oregon-s. : $202 25 for the best and
$1 75©2-for • lower- jrrades: Nevada. $2.10©
2 ?.5: Australian. ¦ $3 25@3,75; Green Onions,
CO06.1C per box. ¦ ; : -.
• VEGETABLES —'Asparagus.-" extra fancy.
lfi@17%c per lb,;12%@l!Sc for No.:l and 7@10c
for No. 2; Rhubarb, 7r>c@$l-75 per box: Green
Peas, - from Los 'Angeles, . 2@3%c: Bay
Peas. 2@tc;" String- Beans, from- Lob" Ange
les.-15@20c; Cabbage! 40e per ctl; Los Angeles'
.Tomatoes,* 7C>c<{?$1.25 > per, box . and :75c©$l 50'
per ; crate; Mexican' Tomatoes, 75c@Sl .?.'> :per
box, ;.; Including repacked;; Dried 'Prppr-' 10^'
lie per - lb:- Los . T Angeles do.' •13@17V.< > . Or led
Okra,M2%®20c per lb: Carrnts.i 35©*0c: iper,
sack:: Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c@51 per.'dozen
for ' small: and $1 50@2 for larger Garlic, l'.J@
2%c;.Los Angrcles Green Peppers," 15@20c : ;Mex
ican Egp : Plant -from^Los- A"n-
Eelos. * 25030c : - Summer ; Suuash.' 1 from ' Los An
n iM'ri'iiarjirami'iifi iip»iwm pMW*wfci>iiHiiii>» n* numniilKii hiibI'ihiiiiiII
Blackeye Beans continue -to advance under a
good shipping demand and scarcity of supplies.
Five. cars have been shipped to Texas during
the past week and the few. left are very closely
held. Llmas continue to decline under good
crop prospects and white descriptions are also
tending downward. Colored sorts rule, firm.
Beans and Seeds.
Exports of specie from this port to all coun
tries aggregated $G5, 507 gold and $476,390
Silver.
The, Imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the ¦ port of New York for this week were '
valued at. $10,548,380. ... !
NEW YORK. . March' 22.— The imports of
specie this week were $48,741 gold and $14,323
silver.
Exports and Imports
HOGS— Receipts, :JCOO; 54tl0c .higher. Light
and light mixed, $6 05@(i 30; medium and
heavy. $0 ."Utgli 00: pigs. $4@5 35.
• SHEEP— Receipts.. 1S50. Steady. Western
lambs, $6@(S 75; Western sheep, .$1 35@«.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., March 22. — CATTLE—
Receipts, 200. Steady. Natives, $5 23@ti 45;
cows and heifers. $1 50@5 75; veals, $3jj6 25;
stockers and feeders, $2 B0@5 25. ......
ST. JOSEPH
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000. Sheep and - Iambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $5@5 60; 'fair
to choice mixed, $t 25@5; Western sheep and
yearlings, $5 25@6 25; native lambs, S3 50®
4 75; Western lambs, $3 25(§,6 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 15,000. Strong to oc higher.
Mixed and butchers' $(5 20@6 55; 5 good to
choice heavy, $6 45@6 62%: rough heavy, $6 Z5
(56 40; light, $0(§>6 30; bulk of sales; $6 25©
0 45. -. ' . . ' .
CHICAGO, March' 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Steady. Good to prime steers. $6 600
7 10; poor to medium, $4 50<g>6 50; stockers and
feeders. $2 50g5 25; cows, $1 25@5 50; heifers,
$2 50@6: canners. $1 40<S# 40; bulls, $2 50@5;
calves. ¦ $3@6 85; Texas fed steers, ?5@0. . •
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market
Bran has advanced sharply, owing, it Is said,
to the settlement of differences between two
large handlers, which has recently been dis
turbing the .market. Other reedstuftV remain
unchanged.
Another 50c b,as been ¦ lopped off the Hay
quotations and the market , is weak at . tha
decline with ample receipts.
I BRAN — $15@1C per ten.
-Mil_iL>LLs<j& — $ii 5Ccj)i» 50 Der ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$29@30; Cracked -Corn, | $29 50@30 50; Mixed
Feed, $1«©17 50: Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8 50@ll; Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa,, $8@11;
Clover, $7@a; ,. Volunteer, $6 50@S 50; Stock,
BTKAW — 4b@65cper baie.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
THE COAST RECORD,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. .' May. July.
Opening 81 5 11% 5 11%
Closing .61 5 ll^v 011%
PARIS.
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 21 90 22 55
Closing 21 1(5 22 60
Flour — ¦
Opening .27 00 27 70
Closing 27 00 27 75
NEW YORK. March 22.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial - cablegram says :
The stock market was quiet and- Irregular,, but
penerally steady. The. attendance on the floor
or the exchanee was small,, owing to the
university boat race. Consols were easy ' at
J13%. American shares were idle, but firm. St
Paul. Atchison and Illinois. Central were" high
er, but Bti!! below parity. Rio Tintos were
weak nt 43%.
LIVERPOOL. Mcr-h 22.— Hops (Pacific
Coast), £3 15s@£4 lOd.
NEW YORK, March 22.— The statement of
the Associated Banks for the week ending to
-day shows:
Loans. $»12.0r.3,100: decrease; $7,777,000
Deposits. $973,234,600; dscrease, $11,15.1400
Circulation, $31,434,500; decrease, $(S3,i00
Legal tenders, $69,947,500; decrease, »(57 000
Specie, $176,832,400; decrease, $2,358 500
Reserves. $240,779,900; decrease, $2,425 500
« o ? e !l erve requirements, $243,30S,650; decrease,
Surplus. $5,471,250; increase, $358 350
NEW YORK. March 22. — The Financier
says: The statement of " the New York as
sociated banks last week showed a ealn of
$.¦108,350 In surplus reserve, which, though
small, may be regarded as satisfactory from
the borrowers' standpoint. ! The surplus now
is $3,471,250.- or $6,801,175 below the amount
at the corresponding date last year whpn it
was $10,272,425. This loss In cash 'shown by
last week's statement was $2,425,500. This
considerably varies from - the sum which was
estimated from the traceable movements of
money during the week and the difference com
pared with the estimated amount was probablv
due to remittances to Bnston and Philadelphia
of gold certificates through the mall. The loans
were reduced $7,777,000, making $22.149 000 for
the fortnight ending with last week. This
comparatively sharp contraction of loans would
seem to Indicate "commendable conservatism on
the part of bank managers, in view of present
monetary conditions and those which will prob
ably result Irom the movement of, money to
the Interior for fnrmlnsr purposes which is
r.ow actively in progress. The deposits were
reduced $11,135,400. together with the reduction
cf 521,290,700 as shewn on March 15 makes
a decrease in th's Item of $32,432,100 durlue
the fortnight. The reduction in deposits last
week was $l>32,»00 larger than the total of' the
lots of cash and or- the decrease in loans
therefore the rtatement is slirhtlv out of har- :
mony. The reduction of $2,783,850 In resTve i
requirements resulted in the gain of $,1583. r ,6
in surplus, as above stated. It Is noteworthy
that in the corresponding week last year the
loans were only $2,174,000 less than those re- I
ported last week, while the deposits- were i
$27,233,700 and the total cash $13,607 100
Kreater. Five of the downtown banks last
week reported a total reduction of $0 600 000
In loans out of the $7,777;000 shown by all the
banks, and of these five one indicated a de- I
crease of <ib->ut $3,200,000. Seven of the larger
banks Fhowed a net gain or $600,000 in specie
The important losses In this item by two of
those banks were $5,000,000. one reporting S* -
200.000 and the other $2,800,000. .
Associated Banks' Statement.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury, shows: Available cash
balances, ?171, 408,440; 4 .gold. $00,816,728.
Condition of the Treasury
Last This Last
Stations- 24 Hours. Season. Season.
.-ureka O.u2 42. SS 40.46
led ISlufT O.no 27.49 22.17
icrarr.enui «.«KJ 15.28 17^18
tn Francisco 0.00 16.67 18.79
*«no O.«KI 5.86 10. 2S
dependtnee 0.00 4.05 5.81
an Luis Obispo 0.00 18.78 27.62
os Angeies O.«H) 8.K9 14 l«»
in Diego Trace. .4.93 0.19
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
r*; minimum. 43; mean, 50.
The following: maximum and minimum tem
t»eraturej were reportt^l from Eastern statirns:
Boston R2-48 Kansas City 4R-31
Cincinnati 52-40 Omaha 54-3S
Philadelphia 00-40 :hicapo 4a-:'(J
ttashinirtnn 52-4 i Ouluth 34-30
Jacksonville «6-«0|St. Louis .10-42
New York .V.-4U 'Salt Lake City. . .4K-32
, <t20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
•-BAN FTtANeiSCO. March 22—5 p. m.
The' following are the seasonal rainfall* to
;te, as compared with those of same date last
<>ason. nr.d rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
li'ecther Report
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull and depressed: winter patents, $3 80iJt4;
straights, $3 20@3 70; clears, $3®3 40; spring
specials, $4; patents, $3 20@3 70; straights,
$2 80@3 10; No. 3 spring wheat, 70%@71%c;
No. 2 red, 78%®79%c; No. 2 oats, '42%@43c;
No. 2 white, 44%@46c; No. 3 white, 43>,4@
44V4c; No. 2 rye. 57c; fair to choice malting
barley. C2<g^Cc: No. 1 flaxseed. ' $1 68: No. 1
Northwestern, $1 72; prime timothy seed. $6 75;
mess pork, per barrel, $15 65ii|15 tiO: lard,
per .100 pounds. <$9;40#9 42y>;**short-rih sideH
, (loose), ?8 45^8 60: i dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7 12%@7 25; short ; clear sides
(boxed), $9@9 10; . - clover, contract grade,
$8 75. .. .
Articles—- ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels : '..29,000 31, COO
Wheat, bushels 39,000 03.000
Corn, bushels 123.000 46.000
Oats, bushels 187,000 106,000
Rye. bushels -4.0C0 ;.
Barley, bushels '. 44,000 . 2, 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery, 20@27c; dairy,
19@25c. Cheeee. firm, 11> / 4@12%c. Eggs,
easy; fresh, 14 Vie.
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 73 73 71% 72
July 74 74 .72% 72%
September 73% 73% 72% 72%
Corn No. 2 —
May 59% r.9% 58% 5SVt
July 59% 59; 8 . 68% 68%
September 58 5S 56%. 57%
Oats No. Z —
May ' 42% 42% ' 41% 41%
July 34% 34% 34% 34%
September 29% 29% 28% 2S%
, Mess Pork, per barrel — |
May 15 57% 15 70 15 52% 15 60
July ...15 75 15 85 15 72% 15 75
• Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 9 45 9 52% 9 45 9 50
July :..... 9 57% 0 62% 9 55 9 60
September 9 70 , 9 75 9 70 9 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 8 55 8 60 8 55 S 57%
July 8 €5 ,8 72% 8 65 8 67%
September S SO 8 82% 8 77% S 80
The leading futures ranged as follows
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14V.C for extra, light and 15c for. sugar-cured ¦
Eas'tenr sugar-cured Hams 13@l3%c; Califor
nia Hams. 11%@12%c: Mess Beef, |9 6U@10
per barrel;- extra Mess. ;J10 50011; Family.
$11 505312; prime Mess Pork $15; extra clear,
S22 50®23; Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Beef
13Vj@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%©llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. liy*c: 10-lb tins. Jl%c; 5-Ib tins, ll%c;
One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half -barrels. 0%c; one tierce 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9&c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND S^KINS— Culls and brands sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c: medium. 9@9%c; light. SSS^c;
Cow- Hides. -9c for heavy and 8c for light-
Stags 6@6%c; Salted Kip, Sc; Salted Veal « c :
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, lCc; Culls. 14c|
Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
I5c; Sheepskins, shearlings. I5@30c each; short
Wool, 30@t>0c each: medium. 60@75c; long
Wool, S0c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium. $1 IS
ii'2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry. $1 75 for large, $1 2. r >@l 50 for medium. $1
4<1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.* Deerskins-
Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins. .30c: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
•kins-^-Prime Angoras. 75c; large and. smooth.
Sue;. medium. 35c.
TALLOW, — No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2. 4#.©5c; grease. 3g3Wc.
WOOL — Nominal.
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%@14c p«r lb
for ' good to choice. Local - dealers quota 15 if
17 %o. for shipment.
The Chicago letter of Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. says: •'Provisions are unchanged. Re
ceipts of Hogs at primary markets 42.000.
against 45,000 last year. Cash demand is mod
erate, although showing some slight improve
ment in raspect of special cuts. A good many
packers are still inclined to hold their product.
General tone of the market is dull and steady."
Hams, Bacon and Lard are quoted firm.
Chicago was a fraction up yesterday, with
good speculative buying.
Provisions^
- FRUITS — Apricots. 9@llc for Royals and
10©13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@9c; sun dried. 5c;
Peaches, 6tt@3V4c; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
5@6c; unpitted. l%@2^c; Nectarines, 5ft@ec
for red v and 5%@6c for white; figs. 4}ac for
black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's 6@6%c; 40-50*8, 4%@5Hc; SOLO'S. 4%
©4%c''eoita>. 3%@4%c; 70-so-s. 3y 4 @3%c: sot
00's 29i<S3Vlc; 90-lOO's, 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown. Sc: 2-crown, 6*1
iS7«c # Loo6e Muscatels. 6%c for 4-crown and
5Wc for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7©
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy. 51 75; ; London Layers.
$1 NUTS — Chestnuts. ll®12c: Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%@10c; No. 2 8@8%c: No. 1 hard
shell »c: No - 2 - 7c: Almonds. 10%@i2c for
paper-shell. 9@>10c for sof tshell and 6®7o for
hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 12<@12%c: Filberts 12@12%c; Pecans. U
(213c- Cocoanuts. 53 50®5.
HONEY — Comb. 11012c for bright and OS lie
for light amber; water white extracted, 5©
Cc- light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@20c per lb.
The situation remains the same everywhere,
both Eastern and San Francisco markets be
ing quoted firm and moderately active for this
time of the year.
Dried Fruits i Nuts and Raisins.
"A continued active jobbing interest Is noted
for prunes, with the large sizes in new S^nta
Claras showing firmness on the basis of out
ride figures. Outside fruit and old prunes offer
within the inside figures on 40-50s and 50-60s
in 25-!l» boxes. On 60-70s and 70-SOs there is
noted ;n ola fruit, which is in good suprly. a
little easirebs. and business if possible ln seme
cuarters at less than quotations. For t-lzes
lows &t;d up old undipped are offered in a
large way at 2^.-c. with the same sizes Ulrped
held at 3e for "jobbing quantities. There <s
reported through the list a good, steady job
bing movement. For Oregon prunes th; de
n-and is good and firmness is reported on the
larger fizes. Coart advices on California of
ferings note a steady situation on new fruit
Jrom first hands. On old the feeling is also
reported steady. Spot currants shew n i im
l»crtant feature. For raisins there is reported
some firmness in Valencia layer at 7%c. Cali
fornia swded in canons is <iuiet and in; •
DK-Bt rhirtiy Jobbing In character. Spot apn
colt= arir held tir illy, with Httie In any qual
ity available under lie for bags ard 1>.-Xfs.
"Ihere it nuted a i.Tir jobblr.i? trade, both for
local ar.d nearby interior j^bt'irg account.
Veaches are steady and held ln wjine quarters
¦.nor* Braily. Pears ere scare*' and unchanged.
In >Ja:«& the demand Is talr and the views
< f hol.lers firm. Figs are closely cleamvl up
• or layers and bag stock shows more firmness.
In nut>- we no'.e a moderate jobbing tnttrest
in rarietfr* in shell, with Naples held very
firmly around ".2c. French and Murbot wal
::uts j-I-.gw n<i charse. Brazil nuts are In fair
ivquest. SlielleJ almonds are in moderate de
rvand and the feelicg is reported fairly
: teady."
Mail advices from New York say
Dried Fruits in New York
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 J
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 89% 80% L P & A — 170
California ...422% — Mer Ex (llq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. 117% — S F Nationl.137% —
First Natipnl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1990 — Sav 4 Loan. — 10O
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav. — :i.V>
Mutual Sav.. 79 Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..515 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 175 Market 100 —
Geary — — Presidio .... — 40
POWDER.
Giant 79% 80% VIgorit — 4
SUGAR. .
Hana 3% 4 Ktlauea .... — 9
Hawaiian ... 37 40 Makawell ..23 23
Honokaa ... 10 1 1 Vi Onomea .... 23 24
Hutchinson . — 11. Paauhau .... — lift
KPfl MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 161^1 62 Pao A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 9S%10O Pac C Borx.163 —
Cal Wine As. — 10O Par Paint... IS —
Oceanic sS Co 35% 40
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Alaska Packers' Association 161 SO
10 California Wine Association 90 75 •
10 Hutchinson 8 P Co U 00
40 Paauhau S P Co H 0O
65 Spring Valley Water 91 00
20 Spring Valley Water 91 25
Street —
¦ 20 Giant Powder 80 00,
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales In the Producer**
Oil Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Home 3 80
1000 Monarch of Arizona 17
1.-.00 Occidental of West Virginia, b 90.. 20
2U0O Petroleum Center 07 '
100 San JoaquJn Oil & Development. . 6 50
1500 Sovereign 13
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Best & Bel.. 27,- SCO Potosi ... 14
300 Caledonia ... 47, 700 Savage " m
4C0 Con C & Va.I 3o 500 Sei Belcher., ftt
400 Ophlr 98 600 Sierra Nev. . 2S
400 Overman 08
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornins Session.
200 Belcher (Hii 20O Ophlr ft*
1200 Best & Bel... 27} ."CO Ophir u»
200 Caledonia ... 481 400 Ophlr . * 1 00
SCO Chollar 12' .!00 Ophlr ... *i*0°%
650 Con C & Va..l SO.lcOO Overman "(A
300 Crown Point.. 04-1500 Savage .. " co
300 Gould & Cur. 10, 200 Sierra Nev " 24
500 Mexican 46 100 Silver Hill. ..'. 58
700 Mexican 13!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March 22—12 m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid Ask
Alpha 02 03 Justice 08 10
Alta 04 OelKentuck 01 C*
Andes 04 051 Lady Wash.. 04
Belcher 06 07 Mexican ..... 48 5O
Best & Bel... 28 27 Occidental ... 00 ll
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr ...1 OR 1 10
Caledonia .... 48 SOjOverman .... 08 10
Challenge Con 17 1»| Potosi ....... 14 is
Chollar ...... 11 13'Savage ...... 05 0»i
Confidence ... 62 CG Scorpion ..... 04
Con C & Va..l 30 1 35 Seg Belcher.. 02 ttt
Con Imperial: — 01 Sierra Nev... 24 26
Con N Y 02 - Silver Hill.... 67 50
Crown Point.- 04 C5 St Louis .... 06
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate .... Bo
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union- Con....- 2« 27
Gould & Cur. . 00 10 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norc. 23 29 Yellow Jack.. 17 19
Julia — 04* -
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt.G L Co. 3H 3% Sac E G&RS 25 31
Mutual — 5 SFG&E.. 44% 45
O G L & H.. 56% 57 S F G L Co. 5% 5«i
Pac G Imp.. 35% — jstktn G &. E S —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 75% 78 I Port Costa... 63% 86
Marin Co ... 60 — I Spring Val.. 91% 91 %
'-Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 112 113 4sqr e (new)13»i/iin»-"<i
4s qr reg 111 111% 3s qr coup. .109%110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. *.>: :
Ala A W Co. 76%103 Oc SS Co 5s. — 102<4
Bay CPC 58.107% — Ombus C 6s. 131 135%
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pae G Im 4s. 95% —
C Costa 5s.. — III14 Pk&C H 6s. 107 —
Ed L&P 6a.. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 116 — Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 9(5 10O
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV53.I23 124
Do 5s ..:. — 99 Sierra Cal6s.l05%110
L Ang R 5s. 120% — S P of A 63
LA LCo6s. — — (1909) ....113
Do gtd 6a. — — (1910) 114%115
Do gtd 5s. — 106% S P of Cal 63 - « ~
1. A & P 58.102 — (1905)St A.lOnVillOU
Do lem Ss.102 — (1905)Sr B.110%ll0S
Mkt-St C 6s. 126% — (1906) 112U —
Do lem 5s. 119% —- (1912) 122% —
N R of C 6a. 111% — S P of C 1st
Do 5s 123% — c giitd 5a. 120 —
N Pac C 59.109% — Do stmpd.111% —
N Cal R 5s. 112% — SP Br Cal6s.l40% —
Oak Gas 5s.ll2%114 S V Wat 6s. — 11U4
Oak Trn 6s.l23%123% Do 4s 102%10J'T
Do 1st c5s. — 102% Do4s 3dm. 102
Oak W Q 5s. — 103%l9tkn G&E8S.102 104
SATURDAY. March 23—12 m
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The feature on the Stock and Bond Ex
change was the announcement of th« sale of
a seat in the exchanee at $20,000. George F.
Bowman selling- hi3 membership to Frederick
Knight, son of George A. Knight. This Is a
pood round figure and ls an excellent Illus
tration of the growing Importance of San
Francisco as a financial mart.
The rtock market was quiet, as usual on
Saturday, and quotations showed no changes
worthy of comment. " .
Sales on the Oil Exchange last w«ek wer«
20,358 shares, valued at $14,887. the leadinc
sales being as follows: California Standard.
1200 shares; Petroleum Center. 3500; Occiden
tal, 12.750; Lion. 2000; Monarch. 1500; Sov
ereign, 1500; Resd, 2600.
Import* of specie at this port during the
first two months of the year were ?'i:t:i '">¦*.
cgainst $3,699,495 for th« same time last year,
the descriptions being as follows: Gold coin,
$50,744; gold bullion, $48,220; silver coin, $71,
729; sliver bullion, $219,954.
The leading sources were: China, $30,400;
Mexico, $333,774.
Imports of Specie
Small and medium sizes of Oranges met with
a brisk demand at steady prices. Large size3
were in oversupply and dull. ( Fancy Lemons
were quoted higher under light supplies. Of
ferings of Grape Fruit were liberal again and
prices had a wider range. . .
The situation in Apples showed no change.
Eight cars of Oranges will be auctioned to
.morrow.
APPLES— $2®2 50 per box for extra, $1 25@
1 75 for good to choice and G0c@$l for ordi
nary.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 90c@$l 50
for standard, $1 50@2 for choice and $2@2 75
for fancy; extra fancy, $3; . Seedlings, $l'jtf
1 75; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c(3$l and
$1 25®1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l for
common and $t 25@1 75 for good to choice and
$2@2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1®.>; Mexi
can Limes. $4 5005; Bananas, $1 25@2 per
bunch for New Orleans and ?1@2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
were $21,627.KS0, against $18,562,347 during the
tame week last year.
stocks that are closely held at high prices by
I he class of holcers who keep aloof from the
stock Market apd pay little attention to the
price movements, but hold their shares tnrough
advances and declmes. Such movement* are
viewed with suspicion by experienced traders,
because they are easy to manipulate, owing
•o the sm/iH floating supply of the shares in
tbe market. This feeling is emphasized when
•ow-grade non-dividend payirg stocks, with no
Known prosiiect ol early dividends, share in the
movement, while the large mass of important
representative stocks are left neglected and'
sluggish. That has teen the state of affairs
in the stock market during the past week
The neglect of the standard stocks is. in
fact, accentuated by the erratic movenu-nts
o! th«: less prominent stocks. It is very not- \
able, however, that while there is almost no I
demand tor stocks,, there is a marked disin- '
clfnation to sell, so that prices are remarkably ;
firm. The week's price-changes are mostly.
tains, although small ones. This firmness of j
undertone in the market is attributable va- '
ricusly to the confidence In the tuture prosper
ity if business conditions and to the fact that
tbe bulk of securities ar-j held by powerful
capitalists and syndicates a« the proceeds of '
organizations and reorganizations, who have 1
adequate means to hold them and bide their
time for favorable opportunity to market them. !
The actual promise for the outcome of the !
year Is in the normal period of doubt and de- I
velopmcnt. This Is undoubtedly the real sea- i
con for the dullness and neglect of the stock ,
market, which is only varied In years of ex
traordinary conditions, such as those of last I
year. The critical period of the growth of
the country's great staple crops is always a
j period of hesitation and cautious speculation.
The outcome of the winter wheat crop is
looked to with "special interest this yeat. ow- !
¦ng to the shortcomings of last year's crop in
the winter wheat belt. The rains of last week I
in the Sjuthwest have been taken as a prom- '¦
ite of a iavorablc outcome and have helped to i
keep the market tor stocks firm. The current |
returns of railroad earnings from that region
are showing the effects of last year's short
corn crop in the falling off ip traffic. Th- ob
f-tructicn to railroad traffic :n the Northwest
.'¦ v ,, 6 r' ow . Etonrl6 has been Partly offset by the
1-elief that the comln? crop there is favored
by the snow. The usual spring settlements of
I r-bor questions are a repcessive influence on
, speculation. They are brought into promi
' c£ nce , b , y the convention of mine worke-* at
I Shamokin and the differences, with operators
, disclosed. The agreement with the textile
j workers in the New England mills was a help
| rul factor. The iron and steel outlook Is re
rarded as hlphly encouraging, although au
thorities In the trade have been inclined to
deprecate urgent buying for future delivery
and the difficulties of securing raw material
and transportation of finished products are
complained of. '. ¦
Hut the condition of the money market alone
wouM account for the dullness of speculation
The enormous credit commitments of the coun- I
?°\. ai i e . due in , part to th * lar K e tie-up of
fapital In syndicate projeets and In part to '
the great activity In business. The low sur- i
£n!; ) Hv« C '7 eS / VbiCh , r " uU mal:e the mark? t '
fensitixe to demands upon reserves for the
.-¦eeds of the circulation. The country's larpe
.ndpRednees to foreign lenders makes our
money market vulnerable as well, to the
oxiKcncies of foreign markets. Larce Govern
ment loan operations in prospect there are be
»L"n n nnn X !lV' e an L effect - The Russian loan
announced this week of over Wo.ooo.ooo f be
.ubFcribed for In Russia. Germany and Hol
•and. was something of a surprise to the finan
cial world and leaves behind It a large Rus- '
f in" « ICE rT i >P *.*% PlaCCd ln Parls - The w»ov ? , I
™™ f l Hf h u S onEoIs ls ln anticipation jr the ]
n / British loan to provide for the coming
rX 8 !,?. 2 ar needs , ln p <"«h Africa and is not
warded ko certainly, as the last requirement
for that purpose, as was the case some weeks
a F l °, rel . gn » moMV trarkrts are hardening
under this influence and a high monev rat
hero !.-• all that wards off further demand*
relied on for r?lfef In any possible time of
pr*«=ure and which has been a sent«nW™ In
not ?n p C v S /Med e€ or lng COnfldence even when itwL
The conviction is genent! that if money
Ftrinpency is to be avoided it must be by
epe^ulaUon " S °* cre<1its ln 8to <* market
Fome of the fieml-fpeculative bond Issues have
been in active demand during the week, but
IrVeg^ar marke t has been rather dull and
rnited States bonds were all unchanged as
compared with the cl.jlng of last week '
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. HIrh. Low. Close
Atchison ... .,... 8.0<K> 78% 77T- 77^'
Atchison pfd . 3.200 07% 07^ n-.Q
Bait & Ohio 3.500 107 1011% 106U
Rait & Ohio pfd... 500 05 05 05 i
Canadian Pacific .. S00 115»4 115U 115U
Canada Southern s -i7
Chesap & Ohio..:. 400 4<5% HiU. 4514
Chi & Alton 1,100 36% 3«" ;j(|!?
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 70$ 7« 7fa;
Chi Ind & Louis... 2.00H iw-V. ussy jssaH
Chi Ind & L pfd... 100 79 79 79
Chi & E Illinois... 200 1B0 153 lAo
Chi & G Western.. 1.200 24*4 24W. 24V.
Chi & G W A pfd. - 100 88 m "> 87
Chi & G W B pfd ¦ .... 43
Chi & Northwestn. 200 230% 230% 230*i
Chi Term & Trans iow
Chi Term & T pfd. 700 :t5U 34% 35 '
C C C & St Louis. - 000 102H 102 101 1A !
Colorado Southern. 2.300 28V4 28 27??
Colo South 1st pfd. .... .. =i,f j
Colo Bouth 2d pfd. 200 42 W 42% a">'" I
Delaware & Hud.. 300 171% 171 . 17T
Del £ Lack & West 281 !
Denver & Rio G... 100 43% ih'% 43U
Denver & R G pfd. • .-$00 ni% 1,1 £ Img
Erie .-. 1.300 37% 30% 37- I
Krie 1st prd 1.000 «9V? «S» 69 I
Erie 2d pfd r,rw 5'," 55 : B5M
Great North pfd... 100 1S5V4 185% 185
Hocking Valley ., -qu.
Ho:king Val pfd... 100 8«i* 86Vi 86
Illinois Central ... 6,100 142% 142 142%
Iowa Central loo 49V*. 4!)U 40
Iowa Central pid. 100 82* 8" S1U
Lake Erie & W ¦ •- J ' «iu
Lake K & VV pfd ' "" i S ->
Louis & Nosh .... -B. 600. 106% 105% loJi%
Manhattan L .... 7.400 134 132% ¦ ¦ l.T>w
Metropolitan St Ry. 1..J00 168 167% 167>*
Mexican Central .. 2. "OO 29% 2:»ii 2f»>A
Mexican National . 400 19% 19'A 10%
Minn & St Louis... COO 110% 110V, UOK
Missouri Pacific .. 2.000 101 Vj 100% ' 100^'
M K & Texas 245T I
MK&.Tptd.... 200 54 54" 5 (Mm
N J Central ,. - . .. 18$ I
N Y Centrtl 3,500 163% lt«V4 IK) 1 ";
Norf & Western... 500 56>/ 2 56% 5(jy>
Norf & West pfd. .... , 90 ".
Ontario & Western. SOU 32% •t2 : Ji- 32%
Pei:i: K ylvania 7.000 151% 151 151 %
Reading 3,200 56 55% S5%
Reading Ut p'd... H0(» 8Ui 81 81
Reading 2d pfd 300 68% 68- 08
St Louis A S K. ;. 5,400 67% 06% «(;%
St L & S F 1st pfd * SZV.
St L & S F 2d pfd 1.000 74% 74 7:i«£
St Louis S W 100 27% 27% 2li£
St I^ouIf S W pfd. 2.7OO 50% 59 "¦ 50»i
St Paul ... 7.600 160% 167% 16S>4
Bt Paul pfd 191 j
Southern Pacific .. 0.300 «;5% <>5% (i5V
Southern Railway . 1.300 32% 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd... 3.200 97% , tt7 i)l\
Texas & Pacific ... 200 40% ' 40% 40 '
Tol St L & West.. 200 22Vi 22 21%
To| St L & W pfd. 1.100 :j'J% 30% :»%
Union Paciflc 18,200 101 100% 100%
Union l-"r.!.-:flc ;)fd./' - 200 S8U »7% S8
Wabarli 4W 2-'«V 4 23% 23%
Wabash pfd .'iOO 4.5Vi 43 « 42%
Wheel &. L Eri^... 4<H) 10^ l'JVG 19» A
W & L K 2d j.ffl ..31%
\Viscnt:Rin Central. 1.RO0 22»i 22% 22V1
Wis Central pfd !2.200>. 44 43%' 43'/.,
Kxi-refs CoiTiianies —
AdaiiiR .¦ ..... .... .... 200
American 100 220 230. 2:;0
t'nit'il etates 100 110 110 111 -
WHIs Kar^'o , .... .... 105
MlM'tllarwm.s — . - >
Amalgmat Copper. 3.700 03% * (?z% (3%
Am Car & F.»undry 1.100 .12 :u% 31%
An. fac & Ftlry pfd 700- 91' i<0% !K)%
Am Klriwml Oil.... 400 25 24% 24%
Am Lin Oil pfd , .:..;- 52
Am Locomotive.... 000 32Vi ¦ S2 ¦'. .< 82
¦¦• ' : ' : . '.-¦' "¦ -''-:>¦ • - ¦ ¦.-.¦.-¦:¦'.¦
pany quotes as follows, cer pound, in 10O-lb
baes: Cubes. A Crashed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
i.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
, lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated, 4.23c:
Beet Granulated (100- lb ba# only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c: Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra. C. 3.75c: Golden C. 3.63c: "D,"
3.65c: barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; BO-lb bags. 10c more, for at!
kinds. Dominoe — Half-barrels, 4.75c: boxes
5c »er lb. No order taken for leas than 73
barrels or Its eauivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH 22.
Flour, qr sks... 21.598 Hay. tons 824
Wheat, ctla 2.060 t Middlings, sks.. 887
Barley, ctla .... 2,430; Tallow, ctls .... 22C
Oats, ctls 3S0, Pelts, bdls .... 141
Beans, sks 1,450 Hides, no ...... 21S
Rye. ctls 865! Leather, rolls .. 10«
Potatoes, ctls .. 380! Wine, gals 83,950
Bran, sks 600; Brandy, gals ... 2,200
Shorts, sks 320 Lime, bbls 91
Wool, sks 106 Chicory, bbls.... 50
i Hops, bales .... 40 Quicksilver, flsk -^ 20
• Straw, tona .... 2e Sugar, ctls :.... 2.332
Provisions early developed a very strong
tone in the face of the grain weakness. To
ward the close, however, when the big break
came in corn, provisions lost some of their
gains and closed only about steady, May pork
2^0 lower, lard a shade higher and, ribs 2%c
up
From the start oats ruled weak in sympathy
with wheat and corn. May closed weak, l%c
lower, at 41 %C .
: Corn took a headlong tumble at the opening.
Nearly every house on the floor had ' selling
orders and Etop-loss orders were soon reached.
May opened %@%c lower. at 59%c to COVac and
sagged to 59Vic btl'ore It steadied on profit-tak
ing by the bears. It sold off again, touching
5SV&C and hung very heavy, closing weak, 2&c
lower, at that figure. ' ,
j CHICAGO, March 22.— There was nothing
but bear talk from start to finish In the wheat
i pit. The opening was very weak on conflrma
t tion of , the rains in the Southwest and addi
tional showers fell West and Northwest. Ca
l bles also were weak and. turned weaker as the
day advanced. Receipts, both local .and North
western, were still small, but this influence;
! together with that of some fair early export
' trade, was lost sight of in the mad rush to
¦ ¦ throw stuff overboard. I Bulls were nearly in a
panic. There was a general desire to sell both
•by the shorts and the longs. Trade was heavy
and at times very exciting. May opened %@
' r %c to %@%c lower, at 73c to 72%c. May
• touched 7^%c after the early rush quieted
down. Shorts here began taking profits and
the market steadied, though there was still a
¦ marked bearish, feeling prevalent. Then -corn,
which was very weak to start, turned still
weaker, and May wheat, dropped to 71%c. May
continued very weak and closed 1%@1%c de
jj pressed at 72c. This price Is the lowest for
May since early in October. ! .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual : discount to : the trade: Graham
Hour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Kye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $1; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
S4©4 20; Buckwheat Flour, *4®4 1*5; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@S35-
In sacks, $« 50@8; Pearl Barley, .$5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50-per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. '$3 50®
3 75,' usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75©3 ,25 per barrel for family and
$3®o 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3jf
3 60. .
Millers -reoort a fair local and exDort de
mand for Flour at steady prices.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Grays, $1 3u@l 40; whites. $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, $1 40S1 45; black. $1 12%fa>l 22% for
feed and $1 22V4@1 32% for seed; red. $1 30®
1 42% per ctl.
i CORN — Previous prices rule, with an inac
tive market. The Chicago letter of Bolton,
De- Ruyter & Co." says: "Market here was
active and weak. There was again large buy
ing by a prominent local house which is al
ready supposed to be a ' large holder of corn.
Selling was general both by holders and by
short sellers. It Is clearly a liquidating mar
ket, with the high price decidedly against it."
Large Vellow, . $1 35&/1 E>u, small rouna uo,
SI 354i>1 50:- white. $1 :<5@1 40 per ctl. •
RYE — Quotable at 02%@05c per ctl. •
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
•cti. ¦':.¦¦. ¦ ¦." - ' . . ¦
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, 77V a c; May— 2000, 92c.
Second Session — No sales. ¦
Regular Morning Session — December — 14,000
ctls.- 78c; May — tOOO. 92}£c.
OATS — Dealers continue to quote a quiet
and • featureless market. ¦ . '
CALL BOARD SALES
Feed, «2V4@95c for No. 1 and uO@91V*c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 95®
97 Vic; Chevalier, 95c@$l 20 per ctl.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 O7V4; May— 2000, $1 10»/6; 10,000, $1 10.
BARLEY — The week closed on a dull- and
unchanged market as far as spot grain was
concerned, though futures were higher.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
68,000 ctls,' $1 07%: 2000, $1 07%; May — 8000,
$1 10; 10,000, $1 10&.
Second Session — December — 40,000 ctls,
$1 07%; 4000. $1 07%; May— 2000. $1 10%;
20C0, $1 10; fiOOO.. $1 C9%; 2000, $1 C9%.
CALL BOARD SALES
The weekly Chicago letter of Bolton. De
Riryter &'Co. said:_ "The market was weak
from the start" Weather springlike through
out the West and complaints regarding grow
ing crop are not sufficient to lend much en
couragement. There was further general liq
uidation and the weakness in wheat was in
creased by the decline in corn. A large ex
port business is again reported from the-sea
board, although such an event is unusual on
Saturday. ¦ The whole tone of the market is
extremely heavy. Small receipts and a large
export demand, seem to be unable to check the
decline. .At to-day's close we are about 14c
a bushel under Liverpool, two days ago at 13c
under we began to do a large export business.
The trade at moment, however, ¦ is paying
but little attention to anything but what they
regard as favorable crop prospects. World's
shipments on Monday are likely to be large
and the decrease in the visible supply mod
erate."
This market was lower on call, but un
changed on the spot. Ships for new crop,
August loading, have been chartered at 27s 6d.
Spot XV heat »- Shipping, $lllVi; milling,
$1 12V601 15 per ctl. J
Chicago dropped : from 73%c to 72c under fair
weather and- the lower cables. Receipts were
light. The cash demand was the only bullish
feature. About 116 loads were worked for ex
port on the- ' break. The weakness was ' en
hanced by Southwestern selling. St. Louis
plungers were reported getting short on tre
mendous Hne3 of wheat and corn.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris futures steady. Broomhall cabled that
the crop reports' from! France and Germany
were most favorable. . , V> ,r :
Wheat and Other Grains.
Mexican Dollars, . nominal
Exchange and Bullion.
Domestic Exchange and Silver are higher. •
Sterling Exchange, 60 days .. $4 86
Sterling Cables, sight.. — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight ... — 07^
New .York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce : . — 5-1
Chicago Grain Market.
EGGS — Ranch, 15%@16c for selected large
and 14V6@15c for good to choice; store. 13^,®
14"}4o -per dozen.
CHEESE— New. 9Vb@10%c: old. 9®llc;
Young America, 8@10c: Eastern. 13@15c per
pound.
BUTTER— Creamery. 22@23c per pound for
fancy, i 22c for firsts and 20@2tc for seconds;
dairy. 19@21c: store Butter, 16@18c per pound.
geles. $1 50@l 75; Marrowfat Squash. $IO@15
per ton; Hub bard Squash, $10@15; Mushrooms,
20040c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of California Poultry were light and
the market cleaned up well under a steady In
quiry for all descriptions. One car of Eastern
was ¦ received and will be placed on . the mar
ket to-morrow.
Outside of a slight advance In Hare, there
was no change In Game. Receipts were 50 ska.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14o for Gob
blers and I&ei6e for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$150@175; Goslings. $2 25®2 50; Ducks. $5
®5 50 for old and S7@S for young: Hens. $4 50
$6; young Roosters $6® 7 50°; old Roosters,
$4 25@4 00, Fryers, $5®5 50; Broilers. $4 60
@5 for large and $3® 4 for small; Pigeons.
$1- 50 per dozen for old and $2 7503 for
Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 60 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2 50
@3; White Geese, 75c®$l; Brant. $1®2 per
dozen; Honkers. $3@4; English Snipe. $3@3 50;
Jack Snipe. $1 50©2.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The week closed on depressed markets for
Butter. Cheese and Eggs. The arrivals of
Butter have been too large during the past
few days, and heavy receipts are expected
to-day and to-morrow. Dealers say that If
another cut of about 2c in prices Is made quite
a shipping demand for the north will spring
up. ¦ Spot stocks are heavy. Supplies of
Cheese are also very large.
Eggs are -accumulating again, and while
there is no decline the market rules weak, with
holders • willing to make concessions to sell.
It was reported on the street yesterday that
those buyers who have been purchasing lib-'
eral lines around Petaluma for cold storage
reduced their bids l%c. bringing prices there
down to the parity of the San Francisco mar
ket ¦ For some days past they have been above
it. ¦
Receipts were 37,700 pounds 2 kegs and 2
tubs of Butter, 1771 cases of Eggs, 10,650
pounds of California Cheese, pounds of
Oregon Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
PORTLAND, March 22.— Clearings, $318,747:
balances. $40,606.
SPOKANE, March 22.— Clearings, $232,575;
balances, $58,210.:
TACOMA. . March 22.— Clearings, $222,312;
balances. $49,401. .
' SEATTLE, March 22.— Clearings, ?44S,480;
balances, $112,481.
Northern Business.
Scat on the Bond Exchange sold for $20,000.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
Domestic Exchange and Silver higher.
Wheat futures higher and Barley futures linver.
Oats, Corn and R\c unchanged.
Fair local and export demand for Flour.
Blackcye Beans higher and Limas lower.
Bran rapidly recovering its lost ground.
Hay 50c lower and weak at the decline.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak and accumulating.
Provisions firm, but not especially active.
Dried Fmits quiet and firm in all positions.
Ao further change in live or dressed Meats.
Potatoes firm. Onions and Vegetables steady. •
Poultry market well cleaned up.
Fresh Fruits about as before quoted.
Local bank clearings show the regular gain.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 1 Louis & Nash. . . .lOS'I
. ,...93 5-1 C Mo Kan & Ttx.;. 2+'<,
do for account. . 9,'>3t, | do prefd ....... 55 u
Anaconda 6WN Y Central. .'. ...167
Atchison 79% | Norf & Western.. 53
do prefd 100 j do prefd ....... 92Vi
Bait & Ohio lOttk Ontario & West.. 33V 2
Can Pacific IIS South Ry aiu,
Ches & Ohio 47 do prefd :.. 99 ¦"
Chi. Gt Western.. 25 Southern Pac' 6«si
Chi Mil & St P...171 Union Pac .102%
Denver & Rio G.. 44Vi do prefd 90'
do prefd .94 US Steel 43V1
Erie ..." 37% do prefd W.%
do 1st prefd 70!- Wabash ......... 24 'A
do 2d prefd. 5GVt do-prefd ... 44
Illinois Cent .....143 Spanish 4s ...... 77#,
Bar sliver, 24%d per ounce. Money, 2%@
3 per cent. >
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2 11-16 per cent.
The rate of d scount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2% ,per cent.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — United Fruit 99%
Call loans 3%@4& Westingh Commn. 97 i-1
Time loans 4^<&u • Mining-
Bonds— Adventure 21
Atch.son 4s 105 Allouez 4
Gas lets S7 Amalgamated .... 62%
Mex Cent 4s 81% Baltic 46
N E G & Coke... bl)\ 3 Binghem .... 24&
Railroads— Calumet- & Hecla. 590
Atchison 77T& Centennial 24
do prefd 97^ Copper Range 69
Boston & Albany. 2iy\i Dom Coal ... lltjy,
Boston & Maine.. 1«4V» Franklin 13 "
Boston Elevated.. 103 ,Isle Royale lV->.
N Y N H & H....215 iMohawk 32
Fitchburg prefd.. 117 Old Dominion ... 19» 4
Union Pacific ....100^ Osceola 60
Mex Central 29V4 Parrot 2!)
Miscellaneous — Quincy 132
Am Sugar 133% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
do prefd 1 19 Vi; Tamarack 182V4
Am Tel & Tel 168 Vs Trlmountain 100
Dom Iron & Steel. 44 «£ Trinity 14 1:
Gen Electric 320 United States .... 1SH
Mass Electric .... 36% Utah .....t 23 Vi
do prefd 9«Va Victoria 5%
N E G & Coke... 7 WInona IK
U S Steel 42'i, Wolverine 52 '
do prefd . .. Ol'/j
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 11
A Hce 45 Ontario 7 50
greece 50 Ophir ........... 90
Brunswick Con... 07 Phoenix oti
Comstock Tunnel. 05 Potosi . . . 05
Con Cal & Va.... 1 20 Savage C5
Deadwood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada. .. 2S
Horn Silver 1 JO Pmall Hopes r... 45
Iron S'lver 70 Standard 3 40
Leadvjlle Con ... 05
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Am Locomot pfd.. 1,300 93T4' 03% 03%
Am Smtit & rt»c. i,0(K» 47 itSVt 4U>2
Am fcmtlt & it pfd. 10o «J7'/&' v~>n «7
Anaconda: Min co.. 500 aoVa M-it : WV*
Brooklyn Kap Trn . T.4oO W% 05 y 4 67 %
Colo tutl & Iron.. 13.30U 10U 103^ 103T*
Cont lobacco pfd.. 4U0 120% 120V, 120
General Electric../ U00 321 319 • 321
Hocking Coal '. S.'JOu ' - 21% . W% 20%
International Paper 201. 224-2% 22'^
Internat Paper pfd. 40O 7ti% ' 76 "5}j
Internatnl Power../. ,700 U5% 93& 'J4V»
Laclede Gas ; 90
National Biscuit... • 1,100 5iy. 5l" 51
National Lead 200 ltt^ 19 19
National Salt 200 19 19 10
North American... tiOO 117 116 116
Pacific Coast ' ; r.i
Pacific Mall 400 45 .43 ' 44%
People's Gas 2,100 103«.i 102 102V-'
Pressed Steel Car.. 400 . 41 40% 40%
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 S3«i 83% 83 Vj
Pullman Pal Car. ...... ....... . . 237
Republic Steel ' (50c 18Ts 18% 18
Republic Steel pfd. 1,200 74% 71% 74"i
s "gar 28.900 134% 133 133 U
Tenn Coal &• Iron.. 4.700 72 Vi . 71 Vi 71"/i
Lnlon Bar & P Co. 100 \Q\i, lti^ 10
Union Bx-P Co pfd. 300 80 SO "" SO
U S Leather. ...... 1.800 12% 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd... 1.300 82 81% 82
U S Rubber 3.200 1S?4 17^ 17 : 5i
US Rubber pfd... 3.800 . 63% 01 V'i 024'
U S Steel 4,900 42ty 42>,i 42 1 /-
US Steel pfd..:.-.. 4,400 04% 94 Vi 94ft
western Union ..... 200 OOVs 30 'JO
Total sales 308.S00 shares.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s. Hocking Val 4tis.lCS>;
. re E 10a Louis & • N uni 4s . 102! t
<j° coup lODVi Mex Cent 4s....: 83
do ."s rfg ICJ14 do 1st Inc.... 33Vj
do coup 10;)^ Minn & St L 4s..lO3%
do new 4s reg.,130 M K & T 4s..... '.»%
do coup I3»|£ do2ds... S2!4
do old 4s reg...lll N Y Cent lsts...lO3%
do coup- 112 do gen 3V4s. .". .108V
do Cs reg. ......106 N J Cent gen 5s. 140 "
do coup 10'J North Pac 4e 157Tb
Atchison gen 4s.. 105% j do 3s ..74%
do adj 4s. .:.... 04 Norf & W con 4s. 103%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104% Reading gen 4s .. Of»Vs
5° 51 /is im stL & I M con 5s.ll9Vi
_;doconv4s .....101TJ St L & S F 4s... PS*i
Can South 2ds...lOS iSt L SW lsts O'jVi
Cent of Ga 5s 110£! do 2ds ......... 80%
™?° '«. st J^ c •••• 7SV4 ; S A & Ar Pass 4s. mv 2
Ches & Ohio 4^s.lO8 1 South Pac 4s..... 04%
Chi & Alton 3V4s. 84% South Ry 5s. 121 TV
C B & Q new 4s.. 96 'Tex & Pac lsts.. .120>4
S ¥ StS 1 P 8 4s - 116 ! To ' St L & W 4s. 85
C & NW con 7s. . l.;7*i ! Union Pac 4s. . . .105V-
C R I & Pac 4s...ll2V6 do conv 4s 10«V
C C C & StL g 4s.lO:tVi|Wabaph lsts 110V-
Chi Term 4s SS do 2ds Ill
Colo & South 4s.. !i4«i! do deb B 751;
J> & G 4s 1O3V4 West Shore 4s... .113"
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 Wheel & L E 4s.. 91
jo gen 4s 87U Wis Cent 4s. . . . . . 90V
Ft W & D C lsts. 113 Con Tobacco 4s... 60%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
26,000: quarters: Indian shipments of wheat to
Continent. 2000 quarters. ' "v < ¦ .
LIVERPOOL, . March . 22.— WHEAT— Easy :
No. 1 Standard California. 6s 3%d@Gs. 4d;
wheat in Paris, quiet;. Hour In Paris,. quiet;
weather in England, unsettled. <
COTTON-rUplands. 4 13-16d.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 22.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, C4c; Valley, G5c; Blue Stem, 65%c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 22. — WHEAT — Steady;
Blue Stem, 66c; Club. 65c.
35
j Trade in evaporated apples showed little fea
ture, prices holding steady on small supplies.
State, common to good, ,7@S%c; prime, 9@0Vic;
choice, 9%@10c; fancy, lOViigllc*
•% Prunes, firm, with a quiet Jobbing trade;
Small sizes received little attention, but were
steady. ¦ J ..-•-.'.'
'PRUNES— C%©7c. ",-. : r\v "•--.>;
APRICOTS— Royal. 10@14c; Moorpark, 11%©
12U.C.
9 PEACHES — Peeled. , 14@18c; unpeeled. 8®
10c. . ' ¦ ¦ . . ¦ f .
DRIED FRUITS.
, SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 3c; cen-
I'trlfugal,' 00 test, 3^c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, unsettled; No.. 6, 4.25c; No. 7, 4J5c;
No. 8, 4.05c; No. 9. 4c; No. 10, 3.95c; No. 11,
3.00c"; No. 12, 3.85c; No. 13. 3.80e; No. 14.
3. SOc; standard A. 4.60c; confectioners'- A,
4.60c; mold A. 5.15c; cut, loaf, 5.30c; crushed,
5.30c; powdered, 4.90c; granulated, 4.80c
cubes. 5.05c
liquidation, "short : selling, > lower and
stop-loss liquidation, prices - reaching a new
lew level. A slight . rally occurred near- the
close on- export ' rumors and- the market left
off unsettled at %@%c net decline. ; March
closed at TSftc; May. 7S%@7l)%c, closed 78»ic;
July; 7y@79%c, closed 79%c: September, 78«@
78%c. closed 78%c. .- - ,"
HOPS — State, common to choice, 1001 erop,
I5iglS%e: l'JUO crop. 12@13%c: Pacific Coast.
1001 crop. 15@lSc: 1900 crop, 13%c. Market
: firm.
V HIDES— Steady. California, 19c.
WOOL— Steady. Domestic fleece, 21@25c.
¦¦ COFFEE— The market closed inactive, with
prices net unchanged to 5 points higher. There
were no sales. Spot Rio. .dull: No. 7 invoice.'
! 5 ll-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova. S@12c-
TllE SA>n FK AS CISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hours from Cane Jlendoclno north
ward. 'A storm of moderate energy overlies
the Washington coast and Is apparently mov
ing southward along the coast rapidly. Rain
:s already falling from Cape Blanco north
ward. Another disturbance overlies South
eastern California and Arizona and is appar
ently backing westward over Southern Cali
fornia, High winds and heavy rain are -re
jorted at San Bernardino and light rains at
Riverside. Kaln is now falling at Kan Diego.
The temperature continues about 5 degrees
l«elow the normal over most of California.
Forecast mads at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 23, 1902:
Northern California — Rain Sunday; brif-k
southerly winds, probably high off the northern
coast.
Southern California— Showers Sunday, with
rain in the mountains; brisk southwest winds
< hanging to northerly.
Nevada — Cloudy unsettled weather Sunday
brisk southerly winds.
ban Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unset
tled weather Sunday with showers; brisk
southerly winds; probably high off shore.
Southeast etorm warnings are displayed from
fan Francisco to Eureka.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
i Forecast Offlclal.
NEV YORK. March 22.— There was a good
deal <f activity in to-day"B market, but it was
conge.-te4 in a few stocks. Ktt Paul wax the
favorite and there was some demand for I'nion
i'aclflc. Th<* action of the whrat market gave
a hopeful feeling regarding winter wheat, but
«t is not clear why St. Paul should be picked
fcr the leader on that Bcore. The receipt or
r. favorable bank statement was a factor In
buying, but the traders took profit* Jn fit.
l'aul tWore the tppfaranee of that document,
j.nrhaps on information a few minutes In ad
vance that It would disappoint expectations. .
the «arly tnarkrt tor railroad stocks was firm
m ej-mj.athy with St. Paul «n<i weakened 1 with
• t. tjiu the total rnnpL- wan v«-ry moderate.
•' he active *peclaltieH were: Irregular but main
ly react ior.ary. Tho*<> thct were strong lost
ii ti«a<\ nun of :l-«ir sains. The tcerket rh-sed
lirfffuliur.
There nave been some extraordir.ary price
movements this week amonc >t(K-ks, whloli nre
i a rely tradttl in to a large extent. The move
n-cnt oaa teen especially i-cnspicuous an.cni:
Nczv York Grain and Produce:
V NEW. YORK. March 22.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21.115 barrels: exports, 2244. ..Weak ; and 5®
10c . lower. -Minnesota patents," , $3 75@.'{ 00;
Minnerota bakers'. $2 OO^.T 2.V, winter pat
ents.. $:t 00®4 27,: winter straights, $.'J 75&H 85;
winter extras, $3 10Q:; 30; winter low grades.
$2 SOftS 10. ;" .
WHEAT— Receipts. 182.S00 1 bushels. Spot,
weak;; Ko. 2red. 84-iic elevator iand.SC^c f.
n. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern- Duluth. »7'*.c'f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard: Manitoba. 85y.e f. o. b.
afloat. ¦•.-.; Amid • considerable excitement wheat
sustained a severe, break ' this ' morning, -loflu-;
enced by a bearish weather map, excessive
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A I Pierce. S Barbara WE Lewis. Mo
J E Hall. Dawson T Blair. St Louis
L G Weddle, Ky . C W McKehney. OhW
C M Saransrip. La |.T F Warfleld. Aria
C Rhoades. Tenn (P E O'Brien, w & c.
S T Wahnan. L Ang | Mexico
J Smith. Los Angeles. J H Morris. Oklahoma
G'R Walker. Hay wrds I E C Walker. Oklahma
M Hoffan. Portland S Drake. Grass Valley
J McCoomb & w., CoJojJ Burke. New York -
C
a
STATIONS. «
. 2 8 C » •=
Iflrfl Is i
5 f: I P
Astoria. 2D.50
Faker 29.76
Carson 23.78
Eureka. 29.04
Fresno 29.90
Flagstaff 29. «4
PocateIl-5. Ida. 29 KS
3 ndepcndence. .29 .68
Los Angeles.. .29 82
Phoenix 29.06
Portland 29. CO
Red BluJT 29.84
f;oseburg 29.70
Sacramento. . .29.88
Salt Lake 29.76
Fan Francisco. 23. »6
S. L. Oblepo...2a.98
£>an Dlejo 20.84
Seattle 29.52
f-pokane 29. 7*
Walla Walla.. 23.72
Winnemucca. .29.76
Yuma 29.74
46 40 W . Rain 1.06
40 24 SW Cloudy .00
42 22 S Cloudy .10
. 02 36 S Cloudy .02
' 60 40 NW Clear .00
46 32 SW Cloudy T.
t 40 24 S Clear .00
50 34 N Clear .00
: «« NW Clear .00
i 70 52 W Cloudy .0<j
I 44 40 8 Rain .10
C2 40 FE Cloudy .01)
) 48 36 SW Rain .00
> CO 46 S Cloudy .00
5 40 »2 KW Cloudy T.
S 58 4* W Pt. Cldy .O0
i 58 40 W Clear .00
i 58 M NW Rain ' T.
I 44 36 SE Rain .16
l 44 32 SE Cloudy T
J 52 84 E Cloudy T.
J 44 18 S Clear .00
I 64 54 W Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
fe fe
CLOSINGS SALE
Borses, Vehicles and Harness.
Consisting- of 15 perfectly broken horses, 80 car-
riages, surreys, wagons, phaetons, hard rabbet
tired and pneumatic wheeled buggies, road
cart*, etc., and about 60 seta of single and dou-
ble harness, all In perfect order. This consign-
ment comprises the contents of the well-known
Pulton Livery Stable, at 248 Third rt. I nay*
leased this place as an addition to th» Occiden-
tal Hors« Exchange, and will sell all the above
at the latter place on
-.-I.- TUESDAY. March 29. 1903.
Commencing at U o'clock a. m.
Entrances 721 HOWARD ST . 225 TEHAilA'
ST. and 246 THIRD ST.
WM. Q. LAYNO. Aactlonew.
£» £» £»
JUST ARRIVED, carload of the FINEST 5
WORK, CARRIAGE and DRTVTNO HORSES
ever brought to this market, weights from
1150 to 1600. all sound and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO., 721-723 Howard street.Tor Employment Wanted, Etc, Bern
Page Thirty-Eight.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARqH 23, 1902.
36
I1USIXESS CHANCES— Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ' i'. - ; _ - ' "
. 860 Market st:, corner Stockton. . -
Telephone Grant 177..
Real Estate Agent.
. Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
" . Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Buslnesa ' r 1 ¦ *
Agent.
A — Oyster and chophouse; a bargain;. eX $250.
A — Restaurant and " delicacy store; doing fine
business; owner sick; good location, v
A— Grocery and bar on Ellis st. ; price $1000.
A — Cigars, notions, laundry office; price $300.
A — Grocery and bar in the Mission; 4 living
rooms;, rent $18; price $900. •,
A — Grocery and bar; Golden Gate ave.; '$2500.
A — Grocery; on a good corner on Mission. st.;
owner has o'ther business; price $1800.
A — Bar and grill room; near Market st. ; aver-
age receipts $50; large basement suitable for
bowling alleys; rent £85; price $4000. , - ' ;
A — Half interest in a good-paying grocery and
bar; call and investigate.
A — Candy and ice cream parlor; good location
and good business; owner cannot give it his
attention. , . • :
A — Grocery, bar and cljar stand; cornar on
Geary &t. ; Ions lease: rent $40 ; price $2500.
A — Partner for ¦ an old-established and good-
paying printing business ; $2500.
A — Saloon, including 2-story« house and lot In
the Mission; a bargain at $4000.
A — Saloon on Market st. ; "price $2100.
I A — Saloon; south of Market St., In the manu-
facturing district; 3 iivi.ig loims upstairs; •
rent :;15; stable In rear; price $275.
A— Roadhouse and hotel, opposite the ceme- I
j teries; steady boarders; pigs and chickens; j
fine opportunity;, price $700. . .
A — Hotel of 20 rooms, clears J200 monthly;
fir^e opportunity for right person; $2000.
! Wanted— Party with $5000 to invest in and
enlarge a paying manufacturing business.
A — Several lodging-houses going very cheap.
A — Several restaurants at reasonable prices.
A — Branch bakery, notions and grocery in Oak-
land; 4 rooms completely furnished; chickens,
etc.; jft-od, location; price $500.
A — Grocery and bar: corner on Geary St.; fresh
and sel?cted stock: 5. 'years-' lease 4 living
rooms; rent *18; price $000.
A — CIGAR stands.. Cigar stands. .Cigar stands
30 busy, money-making stands, $75 to $2000.
I sell choice, well located stands only.
HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market j
A—BEAUTIFUL bazaar, positively netting i
$2C0 monthly; long established; choicest loca-
tion city; owner retiring; opportunity to pur-
chase safe, lileasant business at low figure.
HEDGES. 401 Parrott bldg.
i A — SALOON; located on busy Keamy-st. cor-
ner; swell place; good lease; never before of-
fered for sale; can be bought right; will
stand closest Investigation. Ask HEDGES,
461 Porrott bids:.
A — SPECIAL; $SCOO clothing, gents' fur. and i
' shoe store at Invoice; old established; top lo-
cation: very best town this State; long lease;
would consider partnership. HEDGES, 4C1-
i 4C2 Parrott bld~.
A — $5000 WILL buy fine paying retail store;
long estab.; excellent location; near Market; |
will invoice $0000; all clean stock; offered
only account sickness; chance seldom found;
would be fine opportunity to start son right i
in lite; might exchange for city real estate.
Ask HEDGES, 401-4(52 Parrott bid*,
HOTELS — We have several lino ones to sail.
Stores; 4 paying gen. mdse.; good towns.
Livery stables: 2 large ones, paying. In city.
Groceries and bars; 5; good business; big pay.
. Steam laundry; fine business; l&rge town.
Cigrar, stationery, notion stores; good ones.
Saloon; a good-paying one; good location, ft
Delicacy and cooking kitchen; central; good;
cheap. Also city and eountry\real estate.
HEALY & CARR. « Eddy St., S. F.
A SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY."
To open cash grocery store on established
"transfer corner" In Oakland: fine new fix-
tures complete; rent only $25; : owner spe-
cially wants grocery store In block; refus.;d
$40 this week for a saloon; investigate at
«nce. ¦ — ' ' '•
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400 and 4C2 Eighth st., Oakland.
FOR sale — Country hotel and bar; at R. R. j
depot. Alameda County; completely fur- i
nlshed; only hotel in town; a rare oppor- !
tunity; Investigate this. H. H. CRANE,, 508 ]
California st. , '¦:'• j
ACTIVE office man to learn management of i
an old established • wholesale and retail busi- I
ness, to relieve owner of office work and re-
tail management; proper party required to
take $25,0uu worth of stock; object, reapon
slblllty, not.— oney. Box 4333, Call.
___ ¦ -— ' ' - <r
GROCERY and bar; splendid corner on .Third
St.; average sales $300 a month; price $1500,;
worth investigating. SPAULDING, 91C Mar-
' ket st., room ti7. , . " .
$1350 — PARTNER; old-established, high-stand-
ing Importing and manufacturing business;
leading reputation in its line on coast;"
cleared from $2000 to $8000 for years; owner
thoroughly practical; office man preferred;
responsible parties. Box 4352, Call office.
20 PER CENT average monthly profit each
share; dividends paid semi-monthly; shares
$10 each; money returned at any time if not
satisfactory; send lor circular." WHITE &
CO., 408 Beard building. New York City.
(Mention paper.)
GENTLEMAN, aged 40 (married), desires posi-
tion; good business attainments; well ac-
quainted throughout California and adja-
cent States; highest references. Box - 4303,
Call office.
TRAVELING photographing outfit for sale
very cheap; 8x10 camera; wall tent 14x24,
etc. C. B. RICE, 1073 Thirteenth ave..
Oakland.
ACTIVE partner wanted in legitimate, profit-
able office business of long, standing; rella- I
billty more than money required ; call per- I
sonally. 408 California St.. room 4.
WANTED — One or two restaurant men with
small capital to take charge of a restaurant ]
and bar connected with ' oyster and tamale '
trade. Apply SE. corner 24th and Folaom. • \
RESTAURANT- chophouse; doing a large pay-
ing business; owner going East; must sell to- I
day; make offer. Bus. B. of Trade., 326 Pine. I
YOUNG married man would like to invest from I
$800 to $1000 with services In a good paying j
business. . Box 401)7, Call office. : >
A— $100: PARTNER In good paying chophouse;
bargain. IiECKER & LARSEN, 921 Market.
A— $125 BUYS $250 cigar stand; best location;
fine business. Call at 245 Third st.
$2500— PARTNER wanted in flrst-class coun-
try hotel. Owner, 'box 468», Call.
BAKER'S complete outfit almost new, at about
half rrice. : Box 47C0. Call office. - .
OLD established corner grocery store for sale j
cheap. Apply 1735 Ellis St., cor. Pierce..;' I
GOOD opening for millinery Btore at Willlta
Address A. J. BLEDSOE, Ukiab, Cal.
FOR absolutely safe and highly profitable min-
ing Investment address box 4335, Call office.
A — CIGAR stand; best^'on Market st. Call
Monday at 1049A Market St., room 16. '.
A — GOOD saloon; best In 'city; must be sold at
once. 1049A Market Bt., room 16.:
SHOULD you wish to sell your business or ds-
elre to invest sec SPAULDING, 916 Market j
St., room 67. for quick and profitable results. I
HALF-INTEREST In a cash business;- pales
?400 per month; old established. DECKER.
021 Market St. j
FRUIT (American) and fancy grocery store;
good business; only $225 to-morrow; bought
ranch. 146 Fifth stl ;.-
LADY will Invest J5000 In an established busi-
ness; owners only need, reply. Box 4.102,
Call office.
FINE ladles' and gents' tailoring business for
$200; good location. Box 4317. Call office.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to Invest in a company owning
a mountain- of low-grade gold-bearing ore
- superior to Treadwell mine or Alaska: divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill- starts. It you wish to represent
or Invest In a paying proposition . address
room 412. Parrott bldg.. San Francisco,- Cal.-
.85 PER CENT PER MONTH . - ¦ . -
Earned during past, five years by our. infal-
lible system of speculation; dividends paid
weekly; no failures; highly Indorsed; partic-
ulars free;: mention paper. -HAMMOND &'
CO., 21 Park Row, New York City.
IF you are seeking tare and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(incorporated under New ; York State laws);
a limited number of shares at $100 each. N.
. E. HAND. Secretary, 113 Stockton at.
WANTED — To rent hotel. In . country town or
road house: must be furnished complete; rent
reasonable. Box 4340, -Call office. :. '
FOR sale— A cigar stand;; fine location; cheap.
'..' Address A. L., 11 Eddy, st.," room 20. / . -
ROUTE for sale in a lively country town. Ad-
dregs ¦ box 4350, • Call of flce.^aSeaTOJWJggMl
SALOON and property for sale. Call at
CAMPE CO., 221 Front st. .
PARTNER' wanted on account of sickness with
- $3000 In summer resort; 45 minutes from the
.city; runs summer and winter.- Address
M.K., Call office.
I . . CI. MB VOYA WTS-— Cowtinwod.
MME. M. BERNARD; r •
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present. hap-
renings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture.' If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love oV business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overc-cme
them. Valuable advice in all affairs- of life; 25o
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4S69..
A— -50c and $1; PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles.
. settles - lovers' quart-els, reunites separated,
tells, whom you will marry; how to win man
or woman you. love: mall $1; eend date birth,
lock hair, 6 questions. 1007% Market, nr. Cth.
ARRIVElE^-The~wTtch of Wall st on a visit
to your beautiful city, will give free tests of
her mysterious power: tells your name, the
' name of friends, etc: reveals every hidden
mystery; she has no equal. 26% Kearny st. ; \
write for free test.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i reader, born with double ve.il — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading'ladles 50c,
j gents $; palm, and clair.-Fit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MADAM CLARITA~
. ; Most wonderful Egyptian card reader; ail
s ques. answered satisfactory; read, from 6 p.
m. to 9 n. m. only. Phone Polk 831 702 Post.
ISMAR,' the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. tn.
J BE sure and read about ISMAR on page 23
of to-day's paper..
i : : ' '
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
j advice: names given ;-25e up. 5 Fourth st.
i MRS. JACQUE. trance sittings & palmistry,
j $1 ; card readings, 25c & 50c. 309 5th St., r. 12.
! MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
i _£p c __f e _^ s 50c : readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
I MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howardrclalrvoyant"«nd i
i ¦ spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G.- 50c. |
; MME. WALTERS, grrat card reader; 4a. 25c;"'
I; gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun. I
MME. CATHERINE DE.W card read". '
I moved from. 080 HoVard to 6th. office 2. j
! MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth i
| or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
; CARD * reading nnd astrology. 148 Sixth st..
j room 22, second floor.
! CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
j only 10c: from 1 tn «. 2fi2 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
j CARPET^JIE^ T^Xt^XDjDLI^MiyO.
¦ WHEN you become disgusted with poor work I
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- |
I Ing Works,- 35.1-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40. j
I American Carpet-beatins Works — Cleaning, 3c;
j renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 3524.
j ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
j -tel. Main .'{94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
j RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable, 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
I CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
! S33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
! J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleanfng and Reno-
! vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyTeth
floor. DIG Market St.; advice free. TeL Bush
194: able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless succfpsful. Room 310. 027 Market^t.
i COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; 10. Eureka St.. bet. 17th and 18th;
j 7 rooms, bath; chtckeh-house; large garden;
> no "to let" sfgns. Key at corner grocery.
COTTAGE. 7 rooms' and bath; rent $22 50.
2"2'i Fclsom st. •' . - - ¦-
COTTAGES TO LET
2 FURNISHED cottages, 6 rooms and bath;
rent $40. Apply MISS CHERRY. Belvedere.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTItKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School; |
oldest and most reliable school on the coast; j
pupils prepared for business: now is the time i
! to enter! dressmakers furnished to shops and ¦
families * makers and trimmers supplied; the ;
'¦ demand is greater than we can fill; positions |
! free; corset making taught; corsets to order, j
Depot for latest patterns. 1019 Market Bt. I
McDOWELL Dressmaking Sc Millinery School;
corset making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
i DR.-CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
' or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
J PAT^nJ-IC^Un^ier^vrTunT^BrT^^
| have 42 offices in -operation; new method of
! placing stocks and bonds; companies - incor-
| - porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
i or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES- Incorporated and financed: stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
u». Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Post.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
PLAIN double bed and .bedding complete. $10;
a single bed, $5; hair sofa, $3, and smn*
other furniture at 672 McAllister St., above
Van Ness ave.
MAHOGANY davenport, chair to match, steel
range, parlor cabinet, carpets, dining table,
- bookcase, etc. 530 G. G. ave., r. 20; call 1 to 3.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, \7ith No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
GOOD bicycle, with coaster brake and lamp;
also house furniture; cheap. 874 Howard sr.
FURNITURE of 6-roora flat for sale. 2703A
Mission st. _"_ •-
FURNITURE WANTED.
; BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
! reasons. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner bldg.
| A..WOLLPERT, '773 Mission St., pays highest
I price for Fecond-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
i — ~ -—————- — — — — — *—————* ———————— — — — »
i V GLOVES.
I D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
l.'i warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.'
I HEL1 1 WAVriiD-- FEMALE.
• WANTED — Man and wife, ranch. $35; woman
; and child. $20; U second girls. $20 and $25;
',- nurse girl, $22 50; 3 waitresses^ to go south,
: $20 and $25; -chamber work, private family,
1 $20;. housework, $:t0; mother and daughter,
| $35; C chambermaids, wait one meal, $20; 4
'¦ cooks, $30; ironers for country laundry. $20;
' ¦ cook, small . boarding-house, $25; 10 walt-
resses, $8 a week and $20 and $25 a month ;
90 girls for all kinds of housework, city and
country: call Monday. J. F. CROSETT &
I CO., 334 Sutter St.*: . _-<. :^t
; AN experienced saleslady in cloak and suit de-
! partment. DAVIS, SCHONWASSER & CO.,
134 'Post st.
— ¦ V ~~~= : __
! WANTED — Elderly woman to assist In house-
I . work in country; small wages; treated as one
¦ ' of family. Apply Monday, between 9 o'clock
j ".-- and 2 o'clock p. m., at 20 Hampton plac^Toff
Folsom st., bet Second and Third.
$3 TO $20 per dozen embroidering dollies and
center pieces at home; all materials furnish-
ed; nothing to buy or sell; we pay highest
. prices; send stamped envelope. BERNS
MFG. CO., Dept. 29. Chicago.
WANTED— 4 bright.' respectable girls (llvlnr
with parents), -references r required. \Apply
DR. E.. E. McLEAN, hair physician, room
212, Call bldg., Monday after 0 a. m.
HOME work for ladies who can write distinct-
ly." For particulars send addressed, stamped
i' • return envelope, as sample of writing to
| MRS. M. SUMMERS, Notre Dame, Ind. "
I "WANTED — A good- woman as first-class cook;
I - one willing . to assist with housework; small
I family; good wages and excellent home. Ad-
! dress box 4321, Call office. ,
j .WANTED— Experienced salesladies in shirt
waistband millinery department: only ex-
perienced hands wanted. : R. . D. DAVIS CO.;
corner Geary st. and • Grant ave.
JYOUNG 'lady : for general office work, book-
- keeping s and stenography ; state . age, expe-
rience and where last employed ; what salary
expected. Box 4564, Call office.
WANTED — Saleslady; thoroughly acquainted
"« with laces and embroideries. ¦ Apply sUperln-
; tendent ' Emporium, Monday morning, bet 9
and 11. . '•¦'.'.-•¦:
LADIES,> copy letters at home,- $4' to $6 week;
send^ stamped . envelope for : application
Monarch ', Supply Co., Dept. 114, Chicago.
LADIES t copy letters home, .' $4 : to $6 week;
send stamped envelope for application. Mon-
, arch Supply Co.; ; Dept. . 114, : Chicago.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts; Inexperi-
enced paid • while learning. • HEYNEMANN
&CO-, 9H1U St.. bet. 21b t and 22d. ~
EXPERIENCED . operators on overalls; mex-
1 perienced •: paid .while learning.- , HEYNE-
MANN & CO... 9 Hill St., bet. 21st and 22d.
.WANTED— Colored ¦'. woman to do housework;
.. - musta be competent. ¦ . Call ¦ after . 12 . o'clock
¦ Monday, t 35 r Turk - st. ¦ . f .
RESPECTABLE young girl for housework:
/family of two; 'sleep home. '- Forenoons, 1023
Market sCageg* _H_9! HB-K
J_SMM£IS_I-H__B_B___K£ '"' I
BUSINESS OH ANCKS — Continued. .
A', PHOTO studio on.!, Market st. : furniEhad re-
gardless of -cost; doing a splendid; business ;
¦present owner been there for years; must sell
on , account of . other business : here is : your
. chance. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st. V v>. :,
A FRUIT store in heart of town; clearing $100
¦¦; month: a snap; $250. Rohlfs Co., .41 Third.
A — CORNER cigar store In heart of town; this
is a bargain;-, $200. ROHLFS. CO.. 41 Third.
A— PARTNER"- wanted I with $400, in aVwell-
. established business that 1 will' pay. him from
$150 to $200 a month, liohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A CANDY store, manufacturing and icecream
parlors; paper- agencies and other side lines;
30 minutes from city; • present' owner been
there . 7 'years; best of reason for selling;
$2750. ; ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st. -
¦A— SALOON on- Third St., close to Market: 2
years', lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A — NOTICE, -we' have cash buyers for all kinds
of business. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny St.
A— $750; OYSTER and chop house;rent $12 50;
..receipts $30 day. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearn-
ny St. ; , -_._ . .^ ; . . , ' ;"; ./..¦¦ -•¦ » . •.
A— $100; CIGAR stands $125 to. $1500 and 75
saloons. $150 to $4000. STRAND. 209 Kearny.
REMOVAL | SALE; — 1215 Market " st..- between
Eighth and Ninth; this fine stock of woolens
at; a sacrifice; suits made to measure - at
actual cost ; . fit and workmanship guaran-
, teed; "must vacate April 1: come early and
avoid the rush. M. BUCHMAN. 1215 Market.
$375 "WILL* buy downtown corner cigar stand;
O'Farrell st.: clears $50 above expenses; in-
vestigate. SPAULDING, 016 Market, rm. 67.
PARTY guaranteeing six months' rent, $25 per
' month, and investing $100 for apparatus, can
-have half Interest In profitable business; ad-
"-. vertiser gives » time and all other expense.
Box 4319, Call office.
ART novelty store; - stock, fixtures, curtains,
carpets, etc., at a great bargain, or will sell
a part of same; owner going East; the op-
portunity of a lifetime. 572 McAllister st.
FOR sal«— Grocery and fruit store In . thrifty
town 10,000 inhabitants with monthly pay
roll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc..
wll! Invoice $1700: good reasons "for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165, Vallejo, Cal.-
FOR sale — Retail hay, grain, coal business; es-
tablished on main thoroughfare for 15 years;
fine location; cheap rent on lease; capital re-
quired' about $1000; principals only. Address
box 4374, Call office. .
NURSERY and florist business for sale; bar-
gain;- owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself into^ the business
by working for. salary until he wishes to;
. take possession. . CARLSON, 500 Haight st.
CORNER . saloon, rent $18, with 3 furnished
rooms, will be sold cheap If called for at
once; must be sold on account of sickness.
Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN. Sev-
enth and .Mission sts. . . - :
HAVE you $5000 to invest In safe, legitimate
business In the Orient? I can prove to your
satisfaction where $5000 to $10,000 annual
Income can be obtained; only an honorable
person with business intentions need apply.
Address box 4353, Call office. . /
$560— RESTAURANT; daily receipts, $30; rent
$35; a snap. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market.
$75 — FOR sale, notion, candies, dyeing, cleans
Ing store. 1626 Powell st. .
YOUNG man with $125 would like partnership
in small paying business. Box 4125, Call. ,
FOR sale — Barber shop, 2 chairs; half or whole
interest. . Address P. O. box 408. San Jose.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALB V
A FEW OF OUR MANY. BARGAINS.
Any of "the following on monthly payments.
V. Money to Loan at 1^4 per cent
18 rooms; just listed; bargain. $650
125 rooms; clears S4J10; only 7000
30 rooms; clears | $l£iO; payments 15.00
0 rooms ; downtown ; very good 2">0
30 rooms; first class: snap 23C0
12 rooms; MORTGAGED; MAKE OFFER.
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only :i~'t
21 rooms; Ellis st. ; clears $123 1600
32 rooms; Powell; bis transient trade.. 11500
19 rooms; partly furnished; snap; only. 1050
20 roorr.6 ; clears $75 ; only :ir.O
40 rooms: clears $108 800
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone. John 531, 000
Market st., corner 'Ellis. . . ;
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22, 23. '¦' Phone, Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; wa can miit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices;. in all parts of city.
'63 rooms; rent $22'*; fine business cor. ; long
lease; part offices; income $000 per month; al-
ways full ; fine investment'; sickness cause of
sale; $7000.. .- . . -
GEO. W. BROWN. 783% Market st. ' V. , .
Room- 3; Phone Clay -46.
15 rooms; on Market; rent $40; ...\ . $6C0
21 "rooms; newly furnished; clears $100. 2000
10 rooms; rent $32 60; large yard :. 300
13 rooms; neat, nice house; yard....... tSOO
,18 rooms; on Kearny; 9 bay windows... 1800
10 rooms ; rent $40 ..... .' 450
17 rooms; parties going East 700
7 rooms;. rent $25 :......."... 373
"¦ Titles guaranteed on -every'- sale.
TO lease— 55-room lodging-house will ! • b«
built for suitable tenant on sunny side of
Turk St., near Jones. SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st/ :
TO lease — Handsome building of 40 rooms, de-
signed for offices for physicians," dentists,
etc.; now being built on north side of Sutter
St., ne_r Powell. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
& CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
850 Market st. .(Inc.). .Phone Davis. 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
. business chances and real estate. ?._
¦. We furnish vacant bouses and -
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new. every day.
New houses to lease.
RYAN AND O'ROURKE, '
,819 Market— Phone Mint 865.
Rooms 31 and 31A. - . .
Rooming houses, all sizes and prices, in
all parts of city. Big free Hat.
Plenty of. money at 1% oer cent.
Five hundred houses for sale. '
Any house en monthly payments. ' '
A— ' Near The Call bulMin/?.
Telephone . Black 1-S-0-X
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st., rms. 1-2,
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free. list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO. 765 Market.. Some bargains*
$650 — 16 rooms; Market St.; $375. 10-room
house, Jackson. ; - c- -
$200— 7 rooms; rent $15. $3000; 30 rooms, and
.00 more houses. ¦'•;: ¦
Some good bargains. Only honest trade.
SPECIAL BARGAINS .
20Tooms, rent $50, . only. $050
29 rooms, rent $60. good; furniture. ..... 1130
39 rooms, rent $83. see . this .: $2250
45 rooms, near Market" st .2500
WINSTON & WOLF, Market St.
F. J. DECKER & LARSEnTsSI Market, r. 5.'
10 rooms, bath; oak furniture. .. ...\.. . .$050
5 rooms; piano; transient '. ... 350
10 rooms; rent. $30; income 580.... .350
% Interest in fine grocery and bar. . (
A— $2600; LODGING-HOUSE "of ~31 rooms;
splendidly furnished ; rooms alF rented; /w<»ll
. located • on Market ' st. : ¦ satisfactory reasons
given for selling; no agents. Box 455O.»Call.
A— 7 ROOMS; elegantly furnished; best in
city. Room 16, 1049A Market st. ¦
A — 21 ROOMS; best transient house In city;
rent $50. Room 16, 1049 A .Market st.
A — NOTICE— "We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. , MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
A SWELL; ' 28 rooms; nice porcelain sinks;
newly papered; downtown. SPECK- & CO.,
SPIRITUALISM.
BE sure and read about ISMAR on page 28
of to-day's paper.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.— Circle Tues-
day, and Friday, 8 p. m. : Wed. ladles, 2:30
p. m:;- 10c; meetings daily, 50c. . ¦¦¦.¦•>
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay— Circles , Sun.
and Wed., ,8; Tues., 2 p.- m. consult' n daily.
MRS. ' ELSIE REYNOLDS— Last materializing
_seance Sunday eve. 325 Ellis st.; 50c. ,
KATIE HEUSSMANN business sittings daily.
- 1774 'Fifteenth st., near Guerrero.: . >.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus.- medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally!
phone Polk, 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs."
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. cJJ"
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
____ 'CLAIRVOYANTS. \ .
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden- Gate ave. , rooms 25 and
2«: take elevator.; Perfect satisfaction guar-
y anteed by mail; ..send stamp . for. pamphlet*
with special terms. . Dally, and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past,' future ; never falls : has v the greatest
Egyptian secret; phows picture • future hus-
<; band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
.everybody; open Sun.; 10 to 8 p. m. 215H 6th.
A— MISS M.> WILLE, ' 326A , Ellis; . clairvoyant,"
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.;, full; names ;)50c-$l; 10 a. m. --to 8 p. m.
MME. ODELL," 1 clairvoyant: ¦ cards* and tea
; - leaves read accurately; L.*25c, G. 50c. '521%
Turk et. .
SAN FRANCISCO CAJLU
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
«nt!I 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery streot,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
uctil 9 p. m .
10S Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m,
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fill more street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts. —
Holy Communion. 7:30 a. ra. ; Sunday-school,
9:30 e. m. ; morning service, 11 o'clock, ser-
mon by rector; afternoon, 4 o'clock, address
by assistant ; people's one-hour service, 8 p.
tn. Attendance of full choir. All seats free.
Sermon by rector. You are cordially invited.
Fred W. ClamDett.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Nesb ave. and Sacramento Bt. — Services at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie will preach both morning and even-
ing. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. in.: Christian
Endeavor at C:15 p. ra. ; Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at b o'clock. All are cordially
invited. '
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia Bts. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D.D., paster; Rev. Geo. G. Eldredge, asso-
ciate pastor. Dr. Hemphill will preach at 11
n. m. and at Second-st. Mission, at 7:30 p.
m.. Mr. EMredge will precch. Morning Sab-
bath-school tt 10; afternoon Sabbath-school,
12:30. Y. P. S. C. E., 6:30. Wednesday
evening prayer meeting at 8. All are cor-
djally Invited. _i
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Bts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach morning and evening.
Morning een-lce appropriate io Palm Sunday;
11 a. zn., theme. "Hosanna to the Son of Da-
vid." 7:30 p. m.. theme, "When the Dust
--.Groweth Into Hardness." Service on Good
Friday at 8 p. m. All are cordially invited.
THIRD Congregational. Fifteenth St.. near
Mission. — Rev. William Rader, pastor. 11 a.
m., "The Whole Man for the Church"; 7:30
P- — -. "The Editor" — fifth In series on the
professions. Special services will be held next
week on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
evenings.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner of
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Pastor, Rev.
Ph'.lip Coombe; residence. 3415 Jackson St.;
telephone Jackson 1S»41. Morning service. 11
o'clock. Evening service. 7:45 o'clock. Chap-
lain Kacombtr vrili preach at both cervices.
Sunday-school. V.i.:, a. m. C. E. Society. ti:45
p. m. Seats free. A cordial welcome for
every one.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, will preach at
11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Evening sermon on
"Jesus, the Messiah," third In the series en
"The Life of Christ." Muelc by large choir
under direction of I. E. Blake. Seats fret.
All invited. Sunday school at 12:45 p. m.
Epworth League at 6:30 p. m.
CENTRAL Church, Mission st.. between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors, Arthur H. Brlggs and
Herbert F. Brigrss; 11 a. m. sermon topic.
"The King Cometh"; 12:45 p. m., Sunday-
school, Rolla V. Watt, superintendent; 6:15
p. m.. Society of Christian Endeavor; 7:30 p.
m., . concert; 8 p. m., sermon, topic, "A
Man's words; Their Power and Significance."
Roscoe Warren Lucy, organist and choir-
master. The seats are free and the people
are welcome. Special passion week services
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday evenings
at 8 o'clock.
UNITARIAN Church {First) SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins, minister emeri-
tus; Chas. A. Murdock, superintendent of
Sunday-school. The Sunday-school is at 10
o'clock. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. Mr. Leavitt will preach a "Palm Sun-
day Sermon." Music by quartet and chorus.
H. Brethertck, organist and director. Bible
class under leadership of Professor Bacon at
10 a. m. All are cordially Invited. There la
no evenins service.
tJNITARIAN Church {Second), corner Capp
end Twentieth sts. — Rev. E.- F. Dlnsmore,
minister. Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock.
Morning theme, "The Abandoned Nest."
Evening lecture on Zola's "Paris" ; or. Char- !
ity Versus Justice. The musical programme :
under direction of Wm. Wertsch Jr. will In- ]
elude a duet by Misses Clement and Nicker- |
son, a barytone solo by Mr. E. A. Anderson,
a soprano solo by Miss Nickerson and cello
solo by Mr. Wertsch.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett St.,
"" near Twenty-second — Morning service, 11
o'clock, subject, "Palm Sunday." Preacher,
Rev. J. George Gibson- livenlne. 7:45.
Baptismal service. Barytone solo, "He Did
Not Die In Vain" (Tullar). by Dr. Gibson.
£_RET Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
¦Jock. 223 Sutter st., between Kearny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. ; subject of lesson-sermon, "Reality."
Sunday school for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-rooms. 206 Kearny St.. rooms
5 609-510. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church — M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. by
Mrs. J. R. Wilson of Oakland, subject,
"Prayer and Fasting." Services every Sun-
day at Home College, 3300 Seventeenth St..
between Mission and Valencia. Sunday-school
_t 10 a. m.
ASSEMBLY Hall, 15 Polk St.. near Market—*
Mr. Alfred Mace will give gospel addresses
Sunday, March 23, 3 p. m., "Jabes th«
Overcomer and Ancient Things"; Sunday,
March 23. 7:45 p. m.. "What Are We to
Believe?" Tuesday. March 25. 7:45 p. m.,
"Samuel's Circuit"; Thursday. March 27.
7:45 p. m ., "Christ Takes the Title Dewls
of the World's Inheritance." All welome.
all Us free. i :,- -
? GREAT mass meeting for men only •will be ,
held to-day in the Young Men's Christian
Association Hall, Mason and Ellis sts. Ad-
dress by Frank W. Smith, the young men's
evangelist. Subject, "The Foolishness ol
Fooling With Sin." Seats free to all men.
The Association male quartet will sing.
HOME of Truth (Practical Christianity), 1231
Pine Bt., near Hyde — Sunday services at 11
a. — . and 7:45 p. m. ; healing meetings, Mon-
day at 8 p. m. and Tuesday at 3 p. m. All
axe welcome. ;
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS, by special request,
will speak at Golden Gate Hall to-night on
"Why I Became a Liberal in Religion." Mrs.
XL E. Best will reader two solos. Doors open
at 7:15. Admission free.
REV. DR. CARRADINE. the noted holiness '¦
evanegllst, will preach In this city from ;
March 23 to April 1 twice each day; on Sun-
days at 2:30 p. m., and every evening at
7:30. at Metropolitan Hall. Fifth St.. near
Market; on week days at 10 a. rn. at Penici
Mission Hall. 4» Third st. All are Invited.
THE Tbeosophical Society,— Pacific Coast head-
Quarters. Odd Fellows' building; public lect-
ure every Sunday at 8 p. m. To-night, "Was :
Jebua Christ a Tbeosophist?" by Dr. Jerome
A. Anderson, F. T. S. Inquirers' class, Sun- I
day, 11:80 a. m. ; children's group, "The;
Golden Chain," Sunday. 11 :30 a. m. ; public
meetings. Tuesday evenings at 8, Wednesday
and Thursday afternoons at 2:30. Lending
library open dally from 1 to 4 p. m.
MEETISG5 SVXDAIT.
C V. MILLER, world's famous materializing :
psychic; Indorsed by Call and Examiner of '
Dec. 22 and thousands of famous people, j
Emma Calve, Sarah Bernhardt. Coquelln,
Scmbrich, Fritzl ScheftT, Emma Eames, b.
Adame, De Retzkc, 6a lignac. Duff rich, etc.;
immortality proven ' beyond a shadow of a
doubt; spirits will speak face to face: ae- \
ancea Sun.. Tues.. Fri., 8~p. m.; 80c 1084 ]
Bush St.; phone Larkin 4133.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 009
Market st.; subject. "Physiology of Growth,"
followed by the latest views of the Boer war;
free tickets will be distributed for X-ray ex-
hibition at Sanitarium Tuesday evening;
scats free; no collection; remember the Ques-
tion Box.
AT 117 Larkin to-night, inspirational spiritual
church meeting; subject, "The Soul": also
- truthful messages by Dr. C. E. Wheeler,
Katie Heussmann; admission free.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, 305 Larkin; Mar. '
23, 7:30: Mrs. R. g. Lillie; "SDirituallBm is
' __e teaching of all religions thought to-day."
LADIK6" Aid mystery social and dance, 305
Larirtn. March 2S; sheet and pillow case.
A— PROF. Gee, 108 Sixth st.. circle to-night;
tests and phrenological readings; questions
answered ; lCc.
CIRCLE to-night. 10c; also every eve.: Friday
evening, developlnr circle. MARY EVANS,
120 Sixth «_
JL T:12l_ )W "^^ ture - "L^-" Henry Harrison
Brown. Odd Fellows building, 8pm
xnuElc.
_RS. ETODDARD'S convincing tert circles,
10c. Sunday, Tuesday; read, dally. 278 Ninth.
HOI/TMAN, •Wrenn. test circles every Sun.'.
Wed.. Frid.. 10c; readings dally 1382 Market.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister. 10c; come, skeptics.
TESTS. 909 MarkeLrear hall; 11 free, 2-8 10c;
Ewan. Maxwell, wrenn, McKee; ordination.
W. G. KEEOAN holds *plrit_al meeting every
night ex. Saturday;, admission 10c 148 6th.
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S test meeting 8
P. m .. 10c; business readings, 50c, $1, 132 Cth.
SPIRITUALISTS' anniversary celebration next
Banday. March 30. in Odd Fellows' Hall.
A— TESTS, front hall, 909 Market; 1L free; 2-6
10c. Wilson. Seely. Case. .
fcARLE will positively hold his seance to-night.
228 Ellis st.
MEETINGS — THEOSOPHICAL.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood, and 'Theosophical
Society — Free public lecture. "Life at Point
"Loma," by J. H. Fussell. student and repre-
sentative from th» Theosophical center. Point
Loma, Cal., Sunday, 8 p«Tn .. In Lecture Hall,
810 O'Farrell st; select musical programme.
MEETINGS— Universal Brotherhood.
THE Theosophical Society, Golden Gate Lodge
— Public lecture to-night in Flood building at
8 o'clock: subject, "Satan's Realm," by Miss
M. A. Walsh. ¦ ¦
MEETING NOTICES.
PAST Grands' Association, I. O. ~t____i_fev.
0. F. — Members are requested to 4_J_XfiS§j
assemble In Encampment Hall, •^>=S'5§c-
1. O. O. F. building, Monday -"¦"•"'.
evening at S:30 aharp, for the purpose of
paying a fraternal visit to Loyal Rebekah
Lodge. , W. T. WEBB, Scsy.
; F. L. yURPIN. President.
! EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310, I. O. tgg&SZlfe.
i O. F. — Initiation of two can- _»Tvi^__
didates MONDAY EVENING,
March 24. 8 o'clock, at 2319 Mis- 'wKtt^
Elon st. Brethren invited.
DAN SCOTT. N. G.
JAMES N. NISBET JR.. R. S.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- _^_
elation — Special meeting will be held l/if ,3^
at hall. X20 Post St.. SUNDAY, lN___.
March 23, at 2 p. m. All mem- -
bers are requested • to be" present for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, E. P. NISSEN. By order of
the President. L. TRAUNG, Rec. Sec.
SOCIETE Francalse de Blenfaieance Mutuelle
: (French Mutual Benevolent Society) — The an-
'• nual meeting and election for the board of
directors for the year 1902-1903 will be held
SUNDAY. March 23. 1902, at 1:30 o'clock p.
ra.. at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st. N.
B — No member shall be entitled to vote un-
less provided with bis book tn good standing.
For the committee.
A. GOUSTIAUX. Secretary.
i ANNUAL MEETING — The annual meeting of
! the stockholders of the Western Sucar Re-
fining Company will be held at the office ol
' the company, 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cal., on Monday, the 31st day of March,
1602, at the hour of 12 m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
In.. Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 21st. 1902. at 12 m.
W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sucar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market St., in
the city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of March. 3902. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Transj
fer books will close on Friday. March 14,
1D03. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ENGROSSING.
Resolutions, etc.. in flrst-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post.
AGENTS WANTED. _^
AGENTS— $10 daily. Introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private and public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for; they do not require a
chimney (to break) or wick to trim, and make
no smoke or dirt; fit any coal oil lamp with- <
out expense or trouble, and produce the best, j
cheapest and cleanest light; it is a great ,
money maker for agents; 200 per cent profit;
write at once and get to work right away;
sample free. Enterprise Mfg. Co., B. S67,
Cincinnati. Ohio.
AGENTS wanted — No experience required; any
intelligent lady or gentleman can make from !
$0 to $12 per day working for us; business
pleasant and honorable; good territory for ,
hustlers: lawyers, ministers or teachers who
need additional income wanted all - over the {
State. WELLS & SAUNDERS. 630 Market, j
AGENTS for greatest insurance novelty ever i
offered; $1000 accident and health policy; $6 j
weekly indemnity, accidents or illness; $2
yearly. Travelers' Guaranty Co.. Columbus, O. j
AGENTS wanted: experience not necessary; I
salary $3 to $6 per day; samples and par-
ticulars mailed 50c. Call or address room
26. 207 Powell st.. San Francisco.
AGENTS — Do you want something more proflt-
¦ able and caller to sell than bonks or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
$6 PER week to ladies and centlem en for
writing at home." (MRS.) ALICE DODSON,
602 Eddy St.. S_n Francisco. Cal.
I WANT men and women to sell what all must
have and will buy again. THEO. NOEL.,
Geologist. San Francisco. Cal.
ADOPTION.
WANTED for adoption — A dark eyed boy be-
tween 2 and 3 years of age; < good home.
MRS. MEYER. 566 Minna st.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY — Prospects for the present year
with test sketch of life, by an expert predic-
tlonlst; send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO, box 6238, Boston. Mass.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted; readings
by mall If desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal \papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWK. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE fre»; open every evening; low fees;
a.11 cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckela bldg.. 927 -Mar-
k»t rt. : consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Salc t or Exchange.
ALLEK is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thing out; agency Columbia, M onarch.oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin st.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
food of all klnde. 1S46 Market 8t..bet.8th&9tli.
BOARJD1NU FOR CHILDREN.
A CHILD to board 4 to 8 years of age. Call or '
address J. S. H., 545 Central ave., Alameda. !
__ : a
A REFINED home for little girl. 2618 Bush st. '
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 11*9 Market; tel. Howard 1948.
BUSINESS CHANCES.'
$350 — RESTAURANT doing a rushing busi- I
ness; S tables, 20 chairs; with long counter
and 15 stools; present owner made lots of
money; best-paying restaurant on the street.
Call or address P. S. DE LUCA & CO., 318
Kearny St.. room 1.
$800— CORNER family hardware and variety
store and dry goods, stationery, candles, to-
bacco, cigars; a great bargain If taken at
once; don't miss this great opportunity. For
full particulars call or address P. S. DE ;
LUCA, 318 Kearny St.. room .1. I
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all |
kinds of business that will stand lnvestlga- !
tion. P. S. de Luca & Co., 318 Kearny, r. 1.
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO., 318 Kearny st., room 1. i
BARBERS, attention — $300 will buy nice bar- j
ber shop with 4 elegantly rurntiihed rooms, '
kitchen, parlcr; fine yard; healthy location
in the city; rent only $15 month, with lease; ;
clears $25 per week; present owner 8 years j
there; come quick; don't miss this oppor- i
tunity. P. S. DE LUCA, 318 Kearny, room 1. j
$6&0 — PARTNER in an old established car- *
penter shop to attend cash and collect; owner j
Is both a mechanic and a contractor; $130 to
$200 mo. each guaranteed; - positively a bar-J
gain to suitable party. For full particulars
call or address P. S. DE LUCCA, 318 Kearny
. St., room -1. V,-. .-
$650— DANCE hall with bar; sporting part of
city; clears $150 to $200 month; owner sick; •
muet go; a snap for suitable party.- For full j
particulars call or address P. S. DE LUCA,
818 Keamy fet., room 1.
$450 — Delicatessen & restaurant. N. of Market;
great chance for man and wife: clears $100
mo. Apply DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.r.l.
$950— OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar stand with 8 1
nice sunny living rooms; rent $22 50 per:
month; stock worth nearly price of every-
thing; death cause of sale; no" agents; call
to-day. 1619 Market st.. opp. Van Ness ave. j.
A NEW brick business block , In .good country '
town; rented to first-class tenant and paying
9 per cent above taxes, with a future greater
value; may be had for $25,000; investigate it. •
A. G. fc T. CO.. 822 Hayward building. i
PROPERTY free offered you— Southern Pacific •
Railroad: traverses famous Beaumont oil dls- •
trict; write for plat, map, application blank.
Address TEXAS COLONIZATION CO., Deed
Dept., Chicago.
AN able lawyer, highly Indorsed locally, seeks
business or clients . upon a very low annual -
fee plan covering advice, papers, all legal
services ; strong Inducements. Box 4698, Call,
A — $200; PARTNER wanted; good chance for i.
steady man satisfied with $18 to $20 a week
410 Kearny eU. room 36. j
HELP WASTED— FEMALE — Coau
AT'c. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
....:... HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••.••••
5 waitresses, commercial hotel, country.. $23
, 2wal tresses flrst-class city hotel *.»0
2 waitresses, flrst-class city hotel $25.
3 waitresses short distances ........$20 j
20 waitresses, city and • country hotel^an4 j
restaurants ..•...•••••••••• •¦?—"¦••>•>'* ¦
2 chambermaids", first-class hotels, city.. .$20 j
2 chambermaids to wait, country $2o i
2 chambermaids to wait, city .....?-0
Cook, small restaurant •*» wee £
2 fancy ironers. city "*™ Ztl± \
2 mangle girls, city * 6 50 wee*
Dinner waitresses, lunch waitresses. .50c meal
Woman to Clean in baths 3 day.!^**"* 1 day j
A"sweaIsh A or II G r erma^ >A g?rl* f or Jhousework
for middle-aged couple, afterward to take
charge of house while family is away, coun-
try, see party here. $25; houseglrl for nice
place, city. $30; cooks, housegirls. secand
girls, city and country. $10 to $oO..^.......
O R HANSEV £ CO 104 Geary st.
a (will^mo^ M*ch 31 to 429 Bush St.. op-
posite California Hotel.) j
MAN and wife for all around work for »P ri "8 ?• I
must be handy people; good chance lorright
party; see boss here, $50. C R. HANSEN |
& (W > lllre*mov e U Ma l r t ch 81 to 429 Bush St.. op- j
poslte California Hotel.) . j
WANTED— A good glove fitter and ¦"Jf"'^*-
""Apply -to superintendent Emporium between
9 and 11 a. m.. Monday. "
SECOND girl in family of four; no children.
2C23 Steiner St., near Broadway; apply Sun-
day. 6 to 7:30 p. nu t
W^NT"ED^A~good"woman by the day for sev-
eral days for general housework. Apply on
Monday, 145 Second ave.. nr. California st.
A GIRL that ,has been working at millinery
trade to make fancy ribbon bows. 656 Mis- j
Blon st.. 3d floor. .i '
WANTED at once— A woman who Is bright j
j . and dresses neatly to travel for wholesale j
I house. Box 4685. Call. , J
I NEAT, reliable girl for general housework; 2 |
! adults; $20. Call Monday p. m.. 2914 Call-
j fornla st. /
t" WOMAN or girl to assist In housework; seam-
i stress also wanted. 2710 California st.
I WANTED — Girl to take care of one child;
I must sleep home; $12. 816 Sutter st.
• FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands and ma-
chine operator. Apply 12C0 Geary s^ r
WANTED—^A girl for general housework; no
children; references. 703 Broderiak s^
WANTED — Experienced alteration hand for
suits and waists. Address 107 Post st. •
GLOVE makers wanted; also girls to learn.
CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 'Market st.
I EXPERIENCED sewers on ladies* and chll- |
dren's underwear. 656 Mission st., third floor, j
j APPRENTICES ~to learn . millinery. SAH- j
LEIN'S Bon Ton Millinery, 873 Market St. j
APPRENTICES to learn how to sew. 656 M!s- j
slon St., third floor. S
EXPERIENCED sewers on chain-stitch ma-
chine. 656 Mission St., 3d floor.
OPERATORS on silk waists; good pay. 658
Mission St., Sd flooi% I j
WANTED — Irish girl to help In housework. Ap-
ply 973 Howard st.
BUTTONHOLE-MAKER and apprentice on
vests; call 2 to 4 to-day. 766 Geary st.
YOUNG girl; light housework; $S a month.
Apply Sunday afternoon at 2904 Sixteenth st.
TAILORESS on fine coats; good operator: ;
wages $12; permanent. 410 Kearny, room 2S. |
GERMAN girl for general housework; refer- j
ences required; call Sunday. 1306 Van Ness. :
WANTED — An Infant's nurse. Apply Sunday j
or Monday, 2815 Buchanan st. j
YOUNG lady pianist to play for flrst-class !
I dancing school; city. Box 4304, Call office. ]
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; bright young J
girl; well paid. Apply Monday, 131 Post st. j
~" . . ¦. . ¦ . " j
YOUNG lady for halrBtore. 1508 Polk st. j
PANTS finishers; also apprentices on tailoring; !
good pay: stead/ work. 407 Turk st. !
APPRENTICE for millinery; paid; good i
chance to learn. 1602 Market st. j
1 EXPERIENCED finishers on pants. 864 ft i
j Howard st., room 4. . " i
• EXPERIENCED finishers wanted on ladles' i
j cloaks. L. MINK, 935 Market st.. room 'J. j
j SEAMSTRES8; good machine sewer wanted.
I Call Monday morning, 1S17 Devlsadero st.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest j>av; also have a few ma-
chines empty forglrls about 16 years of age
" to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, cornier j
Gough and Grove sts. •
$25 TO $35 week guarantd.; theatrical; 5 ladles
6 3 -ents; no experience nftceasary- Cald-
well College Oratory & Acting. 1327 Market. \
WANTED — Housekeeper; must have excep- ;
tionally good references as to morality, love !
of children and housekeeping. Box 4243, Call. I
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON.' room 412. Parrott building.
LADY clerk for office, 1 to 4 p. m. PROF.
MONROE, , Astrologer, 1032 Market st. __ .
.GIRL wanted fcr light housework; good home.
623 Haight st.
WAITRESS wanted at 515 Valencia st. .
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will instruct Inexperienced hands the trade
vof making overalls free of charge; will be
paid while learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32 Vt Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — 3 girls to learn halrdresslng. mas-
sage, manicure, switch, -wig making. In 2
wks.: take charge of private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo.; course $5; day, eve. class;
bring ad; worth $1. College. 233 Geary, r.13-15.
WANTED — An experienced saleslady and
buyer to take charge of ladles' skirt and suit
department; state references and salary ex-
pected. - Box 4354. Call office. •¦
WILL treat free for wrinkles a woman over
40 years old; will also treat free for freckles
young boy or girt. 'Harris Institute of Der-
matology,' 608 Sutter st.
WANTED— Flrst-class alteration hands for
skirts and jackets. ARMAND CAILLEAU.
Inc.. '114 Kearny st.
WANTED — Reliable Protestant girl for gen-
eral housework; family of 4; $20. 222 Do-
lores St., near Sixteenth.' '
! YOUNG German girl for a flrst-class confec-
i tionery and lunch parlor in a large country
town. 819 Turk st. V- -
At PacincHalrdressingCollege.Murphy bld.,r.94;
halrdressinu. massage, manicuring. wige,6wltoh.
etc. ;course,$5 ;2 wks. ;posi tlonsecured ;day ;e ve.
STENOGRAPHERS, don't neglect your speed;
Join day or evening classes; 00c week. Cor-
respondence Ex., 927 Market st.. rm, 301-305.
WANTED — A good awning machine operator;
rone but experienced need, apply; steady
- work; good pay. Apply' 1139 Mission st.
WANTED — Neat girl for light housework;
sleep home. 1719 Larkin st.
EXPERIENCED girl for waitress and cham-
berwork. 30 Liberty st.
WAITRESS wanted at New Mechanics' Hotel.
444 Brannan st. " - ¦
WANTED— Experienced cloak and suit altera-
tlon hands. Apply at HALE BROS.' ~
HELP WANTED— -MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN * CO.'S. ...104 Geary at.
Open To-day. . Sunday.
Open To-day.. Sunday
.-,•:." WANTED
600 teamsters for Nevada ...~.$2 a day
- 600 laborers ' for Nevada $2 a day
"100 rockmen for Nevada. $2 to $2 SO a day
26 stonemasons for Nevada. ....... .$4 a day
50 mason helpers'for Nevada... .$2 a day !
3 blacksmiths for Nevada '.."..'.S3 a day '
.....SHIP NIGHT.... AND MORNING...;
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
100 tunnel men ...... *2, $2 60 and $3 a day !
...For Chatsworth Park... The Big Tunnel
SHIP DAILY ...FREE FARE.
- OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY (Sunday) ALL DAY
EVERYBODY CALL WHO WANTS WORK '
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary rt^
<Will. remove on March 31 to 429 Bush st."
opposite California Hotel.) >,-...•
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
69 Third tit. ; phone Bush 405. '
-i ;... Nevada
" ' . I ! '. STATE" OF "NEVADA— FREE ' F ARE" ' " *
76 teamsters Pree j a l!
60 rock men N^vad** I
Gang of laborers. . .............. Free f *r^
10 drillers..................... N eJ?d_
Wages $2 to $2 50 day ' *^
............... ship daily ..„;;;;;;;;;;
Head setter, sawmill, south. $55 mo. & hoarrt
Head trimmer, sawmill.-. .\.$45 m£" & i£_lS
3 teamsters, city... $1 25 da™ kni Sotrd
•Young bartender and porter.. $25. bd & Vo1>m
., Locomotive engineer, logging wood.. .$3 d_y
WANTED— Faithful manager to t__« -v, '
of distributing depot and office t^be Sotned
in. San Francisco, to further business Fnter I
eets.of old established manufacturing eon- '
cern; salary $150 per month and «tra Srofl^ I
applicant must furnish good" refereSc«£ T «n,i
, »*gR_»___§_^J_5S___S
| HELP WANTED— MALE Com. ,
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5443
Leading Employment and Labor Aganta.
SPECIAL TO-DAY — SUNDAY
Office Open 9 a. m, to 12 To-day (Sunday)
SHIP TO-DAY
1000 RAILROAD MEN I
FOR NEVADA FREE FARE
STATE OF NEVADA
And Salt Lake Division.
• SHIP DAILY
No Deposit Required
: 500 teamsters NEVADA — FREE
200 rockmen NEVADA — FREE
! 60 drillers NEVADA— FR_B
I 35 for steel gang NEWADA— FKEQ
I Gang of men for extra work. ...V...B. L, D.
! Wages $2 to $3 Day
• No Deposit Required........!...
SHIP DAILY ........... FKJ_3
3 carpenters. $1 fare, $3 50 day; blacksmith,
no shoeing, city. $2 50 to $3 day; bench
hand, planing mill. $3 day: blacksmith for
i ranch; 2 blacksmith helpers; tinner. $3 day
I .... AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT ....
! 4 farmers, same orchard. $160 fare
; ... -.$30 and fouad
| 5 teamsters, same ranch $30 and found
' 2 laborers, ranch, near city $20 and found
I 5 farmers, for vineyard $25 and found
i 15 farmers and orchard hands .,«
$20 to $30 and found* I
! 2 milkers, Slskiyou Co... $35 and f ound •
' Buttermaker and milker. $1 25 fare '-OM^
i $30 and fouad, •
; 5 handy men, same ranch $20 and found •
' 3 milkers, same dairy, county. $30 and found.
" 19 milkers, different dairies, city and
country $30 and $33 and found
Gardener, private place $30 and found
3 choremen... $25 and $30
5 choreboys $10 and $15
MISCELLANEOUS j
4 laborers, good mine. $42 and- found; 2 ex- *
perienced muckenC mine. $60; harness clean-
er. $60; 8 stablemen. $50. $40 and $30 and
found; married farmer; stenographer and
bookkeeper, country; elderly man around
city store; 5 laborers, no experience, city,
$1 75 day; 4 laborers, city factory, $1 75
dav: 7 pick and shovel men. $1 75 and $2
day; 3 laborers, quarry, $80; « laborers, near
city, $34 and found; 10 woodchoppers, $1 50
cord tools and provisions furnished ; 60
woodchoppers, virgin timber, big wages and
cheap t^i^^ii^:::::::::":
Man and wife, private family ot two.
country: married farmer for orchard, no ob-
jection to children: cook and wife, mining
camp. $45 and found ••
„.....?. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ««f_V
Second baker, country shop. $45 and tcnati
assistant butcher, young man for a large
company's shop, $55; laundryman country
laundry. ?05; second cook, plain hotel. $a3
and found: porter and runner, country hotel.
$25 and found: 15 cooks, hotels, restaurant*
and camps, city and country $35 **>»«>
and found; cook and wife, $45; 9 vr*ittn.
city and country; t» dishwashers; kitchen
' murbay" a mupt A'.'.'.'.'.te^ese' ci*y" "at!
WANTED— An influential ex-street e*r con-
ductor or grtpman; must have extensive ao-
qSalnlance among street railway •»£<-•>««
this city and furnish references; •xoellent
opportunity and permanent position tor right
party. Address box 4565. Call offlc*.
WANTED— In each county, a salesman of abU-
ity. familiar with educational Unea. per-
manent position. Addreas at once. Box 4699.
Call office. ¦
THE Guelph Power and Water Ox wants cap-
able representatives; refs. ; application* in own
handwriting before Interview. < Mills building,
room 16, eighth floor. San Francisco.
WANTED — Competent man acquainted with
the second-hand furniture business as sales-
man and general hand. Apply to H.
SCHELLHAAS. Eleventh at.. Oakland.
BOY to drive with physician, attend offloe and
make himself generally useful; $3 p— week,
breakfast and lunch. Address, stating age.
box 4691. Call office. ' '.
MAN to sell goods from wagon to barbers,
bootblacks, stores; must take car* of horse:
$5 per week and commission. Call at 17
Woodward ave.. n*ar Thirteenth st.
WANTED — A steady man with $150 as partner
in a nice business that will pay more than
good wages; no night or Sunday work, 36
Geary st.. room 1. ¦ "
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; $17 week: steady place; no ex-
perience necessary. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Driver for parcel delivery wagon;
give experience, reference and -wages ex-
pected. Box 4334. Call office.
BOY 16 years to learn glove trade; good ODDor-
tunity for willing boy; steady. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st. -
WANTED — A No. 1 general tailor or coat-
maker; sacks, $7;. Call or address J.
SCHRODER. Llvermore. Cal.
YOUNG men for h!gh-cla«» dramatic company
for small parts. Box 4339, Call office.
WANTED— Young man with $250; tend cash,
restaurant; $60 mo. Brown. 1221 Market st.
CITY salesman on staple line; state experi-
ence and reference. Box 4326, Call office.
WANTED — Two carpenters. Apply Laguna
st. and Willow ave. ¦ "
CAR builders wanted. Apply J. HAMMOND
6 CO.. Second and Townsend ata.
WANTED — Blacksmith's helper. . 2220 Folaom
street. . . . '-
$300 — MAN wanted for real estate company.
Box 4327, Call office.
BOY wanted In ' tailor store. 108 Stockton
street.
WANTED — Ad solicitor; good man .only. Ap-
ply 516 Commercial st.. Herald.
JEWELER wanted. Apply to DONOHUE~Z
KERDELL, 134 Butter st.
WANTED — Musicians for circus. RAWSON
6 BENARD. West Berkeley.
WANTED — A first-class 3-chalr barber shop;
cash. Box 4503. Call offloe.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract, Wadsworth. Nev.; wages. $2 per day;
board, $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
. company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 90O Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. -
WANTED — Young man between 18 ft"-* IS
years of are; must be good at figure*, Ap-
ply at HALE BROS.'
BARBERS— First-class 3-chatr shop for sales
best location in town; owner gotag away.
Apply at WILL A FINCK'3.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and >
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott JSuUdlng. :
WANTED — Young man who la an experienced
! delivery wrapper. " Apply at WAT.m BROS.'
WANTED— Cash boy. Apply at HALS BROS.*
BARBER — Partner wanted; good little paying
shop; call or write. 300 Golden Gate a>ve.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REI3S BROS.', 24 Suttsr.
WANTED— Barber with $300 cash, to take full
charge of a nice barber shop and 4 elegantly
furnished rooms in rear; healthy location;
steady place; wages $25 week; married man
preferred. P. 8. DE LUCA. 31S Kearny. r. 1.
WANTED — Young man. good address, for
pleasant outside business. 6 Eddy st.. r. 92.
FOR good reliable men call at 467 Tenth at.,
Oakland, Carpenters' Labor Bureau.
YOUNG man In tinsbop; age IS years: anotr
7 to 9. 533 Mission at.
WANTED— A first-class carriage painter, all-
around man; steady Job; Eastern man pre-
ferred. Bay View Carria— • Factory. Saa
Rafael. Cal. '
WANTED— RecruiU for the marine corns. TJ.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of goo4
character, between the agea of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 t aet 1
Inch; "able to speak and read English. Tor
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. ,.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de- ¦*
—and; only requires 8 weeks; toola donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COlr
LEGE. C35 Clay st.
¦
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: «i*ht
i weeks: tools donated; • situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
SAILORS, green han-is and blacksmiths for
j - whalers and merchantmen. Apply Shipping
! Agent. 213 Broadway.,
[ WANTED — In a twenty years established car-
riage and wagon shop, a flrst-class painter to
rent shop. Address box 4233, Call office.
28 YOUNG men to go- north for the aummer
at HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
WANTED--50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House. R4.J Howard; changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or wiite Sherwood, pension atty:. 624 Market.
I BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe*.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. flth
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S.F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3, 40, PheUa
big. Pa3t Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. \
SAILORS, ordinary, for shies for all part* of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
OET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
' WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
I ket — 200 rooms. 20c night: reading room*; V
, free 'bus and baggage to and from ferxy. vFor Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty-eight
the; san-; francisco call., Sunday, march 1962.
37
REAL ESTATE-— CITY-—FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE;
. : (Established January, 1858.) ' '
• ¦¦'- '¦¦¦¦¦-'¦¦ - .... -.REAL E3TATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF. PROPERTY.
I Removed to 30 Montgomery st, opposite Lick
• . House. ' . ¦
RETAIL BUSINESS CORNER.
$30,000 — Pays 9 per cent.net; business local-
ity; elegant building' in 2 stores and 6 flats;
Just completed and ' leased ; large lot."
\ . SUTTER STREET. '
$25,000 — Sutter st, inside Polk; large lot
with double frontage ; ' executor's ¦ sale y must be
scld.- . - . . ¦ ... .
I $13, 00O---TWO. choice"^ new flats on Scott st,
facing Alta Park; ;eiegant in, every particular;
paylng<$1320 per 'annum, .i- •
" CHEAP CORNER. •',
Corner Thirteenth and Ktssllng sts., near
Folsom; 50x73; 2 buildings; wellrented; $9000.
NEW RESIDENCE.
$5000— New house; Lake Bt, corner of Eighth
ave. ; 50x72; 8 rooms; finished attic and base-
ment. : • • . .
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000 — O'Farrell st, . near Polk; large
house; lot 22:11x120 to rear street;, this is an
improving location. . . ¦• .' ¦
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000— Market-st. gore , lot, intersection of
Ridley st., 99 feet on Market; covered with
stores; this is a' bargain. -
-¦ $14,000 — Stockton ' st, ' near Sutter; 3-story
-brick building, paying good Interest; new and
substantial Improvements. . _,
Flats renting for $26 on Seventeenth st,
near Castro; lot 25x100; price $3500. j
:' -'¦ LOTS.' ' . '
$3000 — Corner Twenty-fifth . and Alabama
sts'. ; \50xlCO; "a good' corner to improve. •
$2500-^Ste!ner ¦ st', near Waller; a choice
building, lot: cheap; 25x91:6. , ¦
$2000 — Broderick st, near Oak; an elegant \
building; neaT Park Panhandle..
' $5000 — San -Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth st;
flats and store;, rents $52;. lot 36x81.
$2000- 1 -Nlce cottage home on Nineteenth st,
near Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.. » -.;•.....-. . ' ' -.
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st.
and Point Lob'os ¦ ave, ; a choice line of lots,
$550 and $000, on easy terms if 'desired. . • :
' MADISON & BURKE,
¦ - ¦ 30 Montgomery st -
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
. ¦ ' '¦ ' 22 Montgomery st
$23.000 — Hyde, near Geary; 50x87:6; Just the
. place . for apartment house or hotel ;
present Improvements rent for about
$120. . ¦ ' . • . ' = .-¦..
$24,000 — Rents $155 per month; good improve-
¦ ; ments; choice business corner, . S6x80; '
best business street in the Mission. I
$8,500 — Rents ?978 per annum; 3 fine flats of |
' 6, 7 and 8 rooms and bath each; Jack-
- , .- son St., Pacific Heights; a first-class!
-investment. .• .. j
(2,100 — Corner ot Francisco nnd Jones sts.'; 5 I
lots; only JO steps from Montgomery;
• avenue. : ' -. , , ¦'
$8,000— Rents $70, two flats, north side Sutter;
6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 34x100.
$11,500— Rents $1080 per annum; 50x80 and 3
¦ . - fine 2-story bay-window houses; mod- ;
ern and up to date; Guerrero, near ,
Seventeenth st. ; rents should be raised.
$50,000 — Rents $5ouO per annum; splendid Im- '
provements;. inside of Hyde St., near
Sutter; large lot ¦ • ¦ .
$45,000— Fine corner with three frontages." on
Polk st, 250 feet frontage; present
rental $200; can be readily raised;
cheapest piece of Inside property on
¦\< . the market; offered at this low price
to close an estate; " .
$7.000— Preeidio Heights; NW. corner lot.
'.-. i . :-47:tixll0; marine view; very cheap.
/ SEE THIS.
$3,500— Fine house of 9 rooms and bath; 1617
Sanchez st. near Twenty-ninth; (pen
for. lnsDectlpn: a bargain.
$18,000— Rents $155; 3: handsome splendidly
; \ . built new flats of 8 rooms and bath
each; large lot on sunny side of gut-
ter st: fine location: ' !
$2,850— Lot 25x100. on . north side of Haight
St., near Baker; cheap.
$850 — Lot 25x75, on Church, near 23d. '
$1,760— 29x75; lots on mil st., near Diamond;
."•• - on grade and accepted; only one block
' from Castro and ISth-st. cars.
$750— 17th, near Douglass; lots 25xS5; 2
1 , frontages.
$1,100— Lot 25x100, Clemenf, near Second ave.
.-¦•'-¦• O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
W. J.- GUNN, 630 California st. Savings Union
building, offers some fine buys in real estate.
$3600 — For a pretty residence on Octavia;
•5, rooms and bath; high basement; 2 front-
. ages; street in rear; 25x137:6; street bitumin-
ized; a few steps from cable cars; very cheap
. $25C0 — Broderick, overlooking the bay and
¦ Presidio; 30x151; grand marine view.
. $1250 — Greenwich; 30x94; street bltumin-
lzed. « ... -
- .$2500 — A corner lot, 25x100; Webster, a few
steps from can; ' ¦ ' :
JC $2125 — 3 lots on Union; ¦ 25x110; marine
view; \ery choice. '¦
¦'¦ $2500— Laguna; lot 25x137:6; '• '
? ¦ •' $12,000— Beautiful ; home; Western Addi-
tion;, lovely grounds; fine surroundings; large
. lot, 75x137:6; this is' a very cheap property
, and a great bargain. • - ,
.$5000 — Broderick and Filbert; corner lot, 75
xlOS:2; those who admire a marine view
. should, gro and look at this fine corner: the
view is something grand; it Is lovely; It Is al-
most sold; an offer of $4750 has been made,
and $5000 takes the lot: it .will be worth
$10,000 in a short time; come to my office
and I will tell you why; take the Union-st.
cars. ¦ • . ¦ • ¦ -. ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ •
$4900— Broderlck-st. lot, 63:6x135, having
a grand marine view and overlooking the Pre-
sidio; very choice. .
Two desirable new flats; no use to describe
them, as they are all that can be wished for.
2853, 2867 Broderick st. Just south from Fil-
bert; charming location; 10. and 6 rooms;
rents $45 and $30; separate entrance; sublime
marine view front and rear; take Unlon-st.
cars: corner flat Just sold.
$8400 — An Income paying property south of
Market st: flats and store; $78 50 rental; 25x
76- In fine condition.- . -
.Two lots - in Richmond so cheap that the
price Is not given; a great bargain; ready for
building; owner wants to sell; a few steps
¦ from cars; near Clement st . ' : ¦
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE 'AGENTS.
Rents ¦ Collected, -Houses Rented and Full
¦ Charge Taken of Property. ¦
¦¦ -4- 624 MARKET ST.
$75,000 — Choice corner, near Market and
Fourth sts. ; ' fine three-story and basement
building upon' same; rents $430 per month.
$80.000 — Mason -st, close to. Market; 65 ft
frontage; '. frame Improvements: rents nominal.
$25,000 — Corner, close to Union square; store
and flats above; rwits $138 per month.
$25.000 — Three first-class flats,- close to Post
and Leavenworth sts.; lot 37:6x137:6 ft; rents
$175 per month. r .-
' $11,000— Eddy st, near Laguna; two modern
flats and two rear houses; lot 25:9x120 feet
$13,000— Stockton st, near Lombard; three
two-story . houses containing 9 and 10 rooms
and bath; lot 68:9x100 ft.; rents $86 per month.
$14,000— Hyde st, close to Geary; three mod-
ern flats containing .7. rooms and bath each:
rents $106 per month.. - . . ' .-
$15,600 — Choice corner in Western Addition;:
three frontages, consisting of store and flats;
rents $108 per month. - '
$1000 cash, balance same as rent — An elegant
eight-room residence on Sacramento st. ; Just
finished; north side.
$6400 — Post st, near Devisadero; containing
6 and 6 rooms and bath; rent $52 50 per month.
$4500 — Steiner st.,' near Ellis; a nice resi-
dence containing 7 rooms and bath; In fine con-
dition. . , . .
$4000-^12th.ave., near Clement st.; new cot-
tage, containing 6 rooms and bath; large stable;
lot 50x120 feet • .
$1650— Hardy st, near 16th; cottage of 3
rooms and bath; rent $12 50 per month. " v .
Further particulars of ¦..
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, 624 Market st.
FOR sale cheap' 'for. caeh or on Installments. J
$1000— Corner 1 , in; the Mission; 34x103 ft;
suitable for corner grocery. .
$800 — Lots 25x103 ft, on Randall st.-, near
Chenery; all graded and ¦ sewered and ready
to build on. - : •
-$700 — Lot ¦ 33x87 ft, on Palmer- st, near
Twenty-ninth; graded and sewered and ready
to build on. • . ;" • ¦ '
¦ $400 — Four lots in the University Homestead;
euitable for chicken ranch. >¦' • r . '
$100 — Lots 25x120 ft, on Twenty- third ave.,
near Golden Gate Park.
$400 — Lots 25x100 ft, on a street near the
new Chutes.- / .'¦ : -. ..-¦¦• ; . .
$300^— Lots on Twenty-seventh avenue, near
Golden Gate Park; 26x120 ft; fine view.
Any one wishing to build on the above lots
can procure money at 6 per cent ' v ¦ > •-•
- ;' j J. BROWNSTONE,
• ¦ '— '¦-. ' 11 , Montgomery st' .
A— $1000 HOME for $5 50 per month. .
Uf.- Receiving credit for $5 per month. : •
. A $2000 home for $11 per month. ' - ¦ •
Receiving . credit .fer $10; per month.
A $3000 home for $16 60 per month.
Receiving credit for $15 per month.' .', .
. These homes can.be bought anywhere, to cost
any amount':' ¦ '!. .:,':' • :-.;•
--.Cost of carrying, contract to maturity,: $2 50
per month, receiving credit for $2. - Investigate
at once. .. * .' ¦ ' • . . .
. PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATIVE CO.,
. ':-•; Room 400." Callachan building.
1312 Market st.v -;« -
. ,',.*¦ San 'Francisco, '., Cal.
CHEAPEST. HOMES IN SAN FRANCISCO.
- Lovely cottage ¦• of • 4 rooms,, chicken . houses,
etc.; 2 large lots.! 25x125 each; near cars;: will
sell • for ' value of;the lots.- . , ¦ .-
.;¦ •; Four ' large • lots ready for. building; adjoin-
ing lots sold for $150 each; will, sell. these for
$90 each. • . . - :^-
If > you : have i bargains . in ' property, to sell, or
wish to purchase;- call- or write to ", .
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st. Ocean. View.
Phone Cappi 2425.. •<"- ¦•¦¦,•¦: -¦ . . .,;• .
SNAP — Price $2800; • only $1300 cash needed :
pays. 1%-, per cent- net; Chinatown.', Address
- Owner. ;W 432S. CalL .
RJEAL 'ESTATE— CITY^FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.;
- -.'¦;-¦• REAL ESTATE AGENTS. •',-; V '
* _.. • ... .' 218-220 . Montgomery st
We! desire. to notify the buying, public 'that
we' have a number of first-class Investments
under contract at very low -figures." -Principals
may call and get full particulars.,
$35,000 — New modern marine view residence;
, : large lot, 65x127:8% feet; hardwood
finish throughput; living room, 17x31
feet; other rooms in proportion.
$10,000— Southwest corner Bryant" and Zoe'sts.'.'
¦ , . between Third and .Fourth; -store and
3 flats; rents $81 per .month; In good
. condition; Iot:25x80 feet '
$10,600 — Leavenworth ¦• st.;. near. -'.Washington;
'fine bay-window .residence of 8 rooms
and bath; extra large lot 45:6x137:6
• . • feet ..--.. ' ".'" ¦¦¦ - - •¦: ¦- -. ¦
$3,000 — Vallejo st, near Jones; marine view
• property; improvements, rent for
$27 50;. lot 34:9x68:9 feet.
$14,000— Buchanan st, near Sutter; 3 new flats,
. Just ' finished, 6, ¦'•' 7 - rooms and bath;
every possible convenience;- S rents
$112 50 per month ; . lot 25x68 :9 feet;
' a bargain. ' - ' ' . '. . ' \ - ¦- • • ¦•' -
$3,500— Washington st. near Cherry;' grand
marine view; lot 35x118 feet; a posi-
• ;¦ ! tlve bargain. , -¦ -¦ . -¦'¦-¦ -¦.¦¦-
$45,000 — Jones st. near Turk; Mot 55x82:6 feet;
frame Improvements rent for $170 per
month; further, particulars at our of-
' flee.' .'*¦*¦ ' ; ' ¦¦"¦'¦ ' ¦ ' . ¦
$12,000 — Washington st; near Webster; modern
- - residence of '.» rooms and bath; beau-
tifully situated; large lot. 47:6x02:4%
feet. ¦ J .';: ,' , : :. :¦ 1
$14,400— Sutter st, near Leavenworth; frame
dwelling of 10- rooms and- bath; lot
25xt'8:9 feet; - one of the few ; pieces
' for sale on this, street at this figure. : |
$14,000 — Devisadero st., near Broadway; 2 new
¦) ji flats, Just finished, 9, 11 . rooms and
bath; very latest Improvements; lot
- 26:3x110 feet; rent $140. '
$5,000 — Market st., near Sanchez; fine lot;
. .¦ 27:8x110 feet... vr. ' ' .'- .
$6,000— Mission st, near Sixteenth; store and
. flat above of « rooms and bath;: in' Al
condition; rents $540 per annum; lot
25x80 leet. : . " " • . "
$6,500 — Vallejo st, near Laguna; 'fine bay-
window resldnece. of 10. rooms- and
-bath; very latest Improvements; rents
for $42 50; lot 22:6x107:6 feet
$8,200 — Woodward ave., -near Fourteenth st. ;
3 modern flats,. 6,. 7 rooms and bath;
rents $73; lot 25x65 feet; fine invest-
ment. ' "....-
$6,500— Zoe St.. between ..Third and Fourth,
Bryant and. Brannan; frame tene-
.- ments; all rented; in Al condition;
pays $94 monthly, or over 14 per cent;
•.. one of th/ best bargains offered south
• of 'Market st. . -
$850— Twenty- first Kt., near Potrero ave.; a
• lot 25x70 feet; all street work done;
• . ¦ this price Is very much below market
'' values. • ¦ ¦
$7,250 — Fillmore st, near Sacramento ; trans-
fer point; 2-story: house of 8 rooms and
bath; rents $50; lot 25x90:6 feet.
$7,500— Leavenworth 6t, near Broadway; four
- .. 2-story houses In good condition; rents
"'¦:'¦ $54; lot 80x60 feet .
$3,000 — The cheapest and best building lot In
the Western Addition: north side Clay
st, near Lyon; 27:6x100 feet. '
$6,000 — Callfornla-st. residence of 10 rooms •
and bath: rents $50; tenants pay
water; lot 24x100 feet •
$12,500 — Grove st, near Larkin; lot 30x120,
with fine building of store and 2 up-
. per floors; rents $45; 1 block from
City Hall.
$11,500 — Post st, sunny side, near Larkin;
substantial 2-stcry • house of 10 rooms
and bath; rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet
to rear street. . . ¦ , '
$2,950 — 3649 Twenty-first St., near Church:
¦ ¦ ' modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; large lot 50 feet front by lit
feet; grand view of the city; a positive
¦ bargain; must be sold. - • ¦ -
$6,000 — Devlsadero-st. flats, near Ellis; present
rents $40; could be largely Increased If
a little money was spent on the build-
Ing; lot 25x90 feet: lot alone worth
price asked for the property. ; • •-.
$750 — Blake st., near Point ¦ Lobos ave. ; lot
27x120 feet; a bargain. • •
$150 per front foot; Van Ness-ave. cor-
ner; lot 62:6x98 feet; one of the few
corners still for sale on this avenue.
$17,600 — Mlsslon-st corner, 110x100 feet; trans-
• | fer point; : all. rented under lease;
splendid buy. . .
. Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st. Mi II s. bldg.
JOSEPH STRAUB , ~7~
;• . 650 Market st. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Azent.
.... ' Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ,
$7,000— Six flats on Harrison st.' between 4th
and. 5th; 25x86; rent $636 per annum;
$3,800 — New two-story house in the Mission;
. . good sunny corner, with store. ;
$12,500 — Three new flats on Page st, near Ash-
bury; rents $112 50 oer. month. .
$8,500— Jackson. BU, near Baker; three- modern
flats; rents $81 50 per month. ;
$20,000 — House and lot nr. Stockton and Sutter.
$20,000 'cash,'-. balance on easy ¦- terms — A very
good income-producing property of 12
flats and residence of 9 rooms; stable,
chicken yard; lot in rear to build on;
rents $3500 per annum. "¦'
$10,000— Bay-window house of .3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
Scott st., near Geary; worth $12,000.
$8,000 — -New modern : 2-story and basement
.-house; stable;' garden in front; Ellis.
$2,500 — Harrison and Twenty-sixth sts.; cor-
• ner lot, 25x100. .' - •
$350 — Corner lot, near' Thirty-fourth and
. Mission sts.: 75x25.
$250 each — Four lots, 25x75, near Thirty-
fourth and Mission sts. '
West Berkeley — Corner lot on Bancroft way
and- Seventh st- -. ." - -
$500 — 1th St., bet. Channlng and Bancroft
way; sewered; sidewalk; lot 62x135.
$600 — Lots 22 and 23, Raymond tract; Ban-
croft way and Eighth st; 100x100.
$600— Lot 22; Mitchell st, near San Pablo
ave.; 60x100. -
East Oakland — On Louis st., near Prospect; for
: • sale "or exchange for city property.
Mill Valley — Cottage of four rooms, furnished;-
'lot 126x300; price $2000.
Campbell, Santa Clara County — Cottage of five
rooms; lot 40x120; price $75t>. .
Shasta County— 640 acres of white oak. ,
TO RENT PAYERS!. '
Here is our proposition. ' We sell you a new
modern cottage ¦ on the same monthly terms
that you now waste 'In rent We -have two
new 6-rpom and bath cottages on Lundy Lane,
1 block from the terminus of Valencia St.,
that • can be ! had for $15 • monthly payments.
Agent on premises; 10:30 a. m. to 4:30 p. m.
Sunday. ' ' '
New ' modern 6-room ' and bath cottage on
Alvarado, near Hoffman ave., Heyman Tract;
hall and parlor, artistically frescoed; house
open for ' inspection Sunday. James Cotter,'
agent. 113 ,Hoffman ave.
Alvln Tract— Elmhurst lots. 26x125; $50— $5
down and $2 per month;, beautifully located,
fronting railroad station and only 45 minutes
from Market and Kearny sts. ; 25 sold last
week. - ¦-.¦- ! ¦- ¦ ¦ '
$450— 23d ave. and Bst; 1 block from the
new Geary-st. extension electric cars; a bar-
gain. - ........ ¦ ¦ • . . . . ....
To let or for sale — 8-room and bath: sult-
abte for business or private purposes; 49th ave.
and — st. Ocean - Beach , boulevard; .beauti-
fully located, having- an unobstructed view of
the ocean. Agent on place 10 a. m. to 4:30
p. m. Sunday. ¦ ... ,
$650 — 4-room car house and lot. Ocean beach;
easy terms. • '¦ . ' • • • '•
JACOB HEYMAN CO., 117 Sutter st.
ACT r.t once and buy Golden Gate Park lots
while you can get 'them at $150, $200 and
$250 for $10 down and $2 50 a month, as San
Francisco is growings around the park at a
rapid gelt and prices will go up 500 per cent.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter st.
$2750— COTTAGE. 8 rooms and~bath,~orrElevT
enth ave.. near California; lot 25x120; good
condition. '¦-.-• .- . " -?
. $3000 — Jersey st, near Noe; lot 25x114; mod-
ern bay-window cottage; 7 rooms and bath.
$3r-00 — Pacific st. , near Jones; lot 23x60; 2
flats," 0 rooms each; good order; rents $25 per
month, ' • :
$5500 — Two modern' flats; 6 rooms and bath
each; good condition; lot 25x125; Grove st,
near Lyon; rents $40. • .
$6000 — Two fine flats, latest plumbing, on
Clayton st. near -Waller; -lot 25x125; 5 and 6
rooms: rents $B0O year. -
$6250 — Four flats on Tremont ave., near Wal-
ler; In good condition; rents $64 a month. <
$0250 — Three up-to-date flats; Lyon st, near
McAllister; 7, 7, 7 rooms each; rents $1020 a
year. IM ' ; '. ¦ :. .¦-¦¦¦•- ¦ . ¦ ¦ ;
$26,000— Six flats on Eddy st., near Van Ness
ave. ; lot • 60x120 to : rear street;, rents $200 a
month: ; . 7 - ¦ ¦ :' ¦ -. • .
$100 each for five level lots; half block from
electric cars; Mission road; or the five lots for
$450; a bargain. I . ' ,
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
¦ •'¦ . ¦-. "¦;¦'¦: 507 ¦ California st .:
FINE business and residence corner; rents $117
per month. :^ . . ¦ ' 1 , p ' ',.-:»-¦
$1250 — Cottage, 6 rooms, bath; lot 29x145. -
$5250 — 20 Hill, nr.; Valencia; 12 rooms: bath.
$4150—845 Castro; 6 rooms, bath; lot 25x100.
$1600— 17th ' st ; cottage 4 rooms, s bath.
$5000-^-826 Waller; 9 rooms, bath; lot 26x108
. $7000-^Clay st, 8 rooms, bath; lot 27:6x127:6.
$1600—19 Hattie, st, 4' rooms;' lot 25x100;
$150 cash. ¦ ' ¦ > ,,;¦:, ,
$1300 — 129 2Sth St., 4 rooms, bath; easy terms.
$5000— Guerrero. 2 flats, ¦ 4 and 6 rooms, bath.
$2600— 2 flats. 5 rooms, bath; Hardy st ' -
.PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall square. .
FACTORY «lte and : water front on the bay.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st ;
$800— LEVEL ' lot, -near cars; $25 cash $10
per month. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mar-
¦••'• ket. st '.. •-.' : *., ¦¦.,¦:.¦ :,'.-•' •• ..'.;,¦
$250 — SUNNYSIDE. lot:"'-ready to build on:
; clear title. • THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mar-
- ket stv-- ¦'...',- .-, : ";; .;¦ ,-;•¦•, ¦ ¦¦¦"¦¦;•• ¦«¦;¦ •¦
$60,000 — ELLIS-8T. Investment; pays ¦ over 7
per.' centv net. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
. Market; at. . -,-' ¦ ¦ . ¦-,.:¦-.....;. .;¦¦-..
$12.000— GRAND - Paclflc-ave. ; lot 40x127 ft
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st
$6500— FELL, to rear street;, house and flats.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 04« Market «t . ;
REALV' ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE '"&' CO.. 03S Market St
. ; ' ¦ '¦ • ' > AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. . . .'. .March 25. 1902.
. At Our Salesroom, No. «38 Market st.
y . 'At 12 O'clock Noon: ¦ '¦
SIXTH STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East sido (Nos 425 and 427) Sixth st. 325
I feet south of 'llarriron and west side (Nos.
I 44-4C) Morris ave , 350 feet Fouth.of Harrison
; st. two 2-story frame dwellings. 7, rooms and
i bath each, and renting for.S'HX) per annum.- on
1 Sixth st.. :and two 2-story frame dwellings; 0
i rooms ¦ each, renting for $2SS per annum, on
j Morris . ave. ; lot 60x100x25x75 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side (N'os. - (I50-U52) Oak st.'.: 75 feet
east of Fillmore: two modern" flats. 5-6 rooms
and bath; sunny side of street; lot 25x87:6
feet.
I ' '_ ' MISSION HOME.
W est side (No. 921) Shotwell st. 240 feet
north of Twenty-fourth; two-story house of 9
, rooms and bath in a. fine neighborhood ; large
i lot. 65x105 feet; .- .- l
I ASHBURY. HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
| West side (No. 727) Ashbury st. 267:3 feet
south of Waller; a fine large modern two-story
I residence 10 rooms and bath. ' etc. ; all the
i J, ates t' Improvements and very desirable;- lot
OCEAN VIEW BLOCK.
West End Map No. 2, block 10, bounded by
« yomlng. Huron. Aherman and Farragut
, aves. ; within a block of railroad and electric
j cars; 10 lots. 80x237:6 feet each: Improvements
8-room house with bath, windmill and tank;
lot, 400x475 feet.
j SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
1 North side (No. 2C) Welch st.. 150 feet east
I of Fourth; three tenements in good condition.
j renting for $276 per annum; lot 20x80 feet
j „ " MISSION LOTS.
! South line of Twenty-ninth st. 101.9 feet
j west of Diamond; four fine lots, only a short
; distance from the Twenty-ninth or Castro St.
i care; lot 25:5*4x114 feet each,
' , ' MISSION RESIDENCE. ;
West side (No. 1406) Guerrero ct. 63 feet
south of Twenty-sixth; a .fine large two-story
residence 11 rooms and bath; large lot. 50x
] 155 feet. ¦ ; ¦ .
MISSION IMPROVED PROPERTY.
South side (No. 4041) Eighteenth st, 25 feet
east of Hartford; flat of 4 rooms and stable 9
stalls In rear; store could be finished off un-
der flat at a small expense; lot 25x75 feet
FULTON STREET CORNER.
Northeast corner of Fulton st and Parker
ave.: fine large unimproved lots, level and
ready for building; corner 28:10V4xl09:8 feet,
and four Inside lots 25x109:8 feet •
! MISSION BUILDING LOT.
! North side of Twenty-second st, , 50 feet
1 west of Florida; fine lot; level and ready for
. building; 25x104. ' '
I EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
i ¦ .
j EASTON. ELDKIDOE <t CO.. 63S Market st
. ' AUCTION.
I AUCTION.
i AUCTION.
GRAND SPECIAL PKOBATE SALE.
i Choice Properties of the
. Estate of JOSEPH M. WOOD (Deceased),
By Order or the Executrices.
TUESDAY April 1st. 1902
At Our Salesroom. 638 Market st,
¦ • At 12 o'clock noon.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
Nine lots on west line Steiner St.. between
Vallejo and Green fc-.s., and lot on S. line
Green, 110 feet W. of Steiner; these lots com-
mand a magnificent unobstructed marine view
.and surrounded by the finest residences In the
J city; graded and ready for building; only one
I block lrcm Union or i<'illmore st. cars; street
i accepted by the city; .lanre lots, 27:6x110.
; SEVENTH-ST. MANUFACTURING SITE.
• East line Seventh st.. 120 feet S. of Berry.
: being the' NE. cor. Seventh and Division sts.;
! this property is surrounded on all sides by the
I railroad yards and tracks and Is assured of a
big future: lot 63:8x60:8^x102:6x45:10. .
. PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
S. line of Broadway, 103:1% feet E. of
Steiner: elegant lot surrounded on all sides by
the finest residences In the city; only a few
I steps from the Flllmore-st. cars; large lot,
' 34:4V4xl27:8'.4- ' .
i SEVENTEENTH-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
I S. line 17th st., 189 feet E. of Church; three
i choice lots ready for building; flats erected on
these lots wjuld rent and sell readily; street
I bltuminized; lots 25x100 feet each.
ALSO . .
S. line of 17th St.. 289 feet E. of Church St.:
a choice lot: level; street bitumlnized; 27:6x
100, mere • or less; Eighteenth-st cars and
Guerrero-st. cars handy. -
ALSO
' DORLAND-ST. LOT.
¦N. ; line Dorland st, 114.01»4 feet E. of
Church fit ; a fine lot ready for buildini? and
close to Mission High School; lot 21x157:6.
, ¦ UNION-ST.. BUSINESS LOT. .
S. line Union st, 195:6 W. of Gough st; a
choice lot for flats and store; Union st is the
business street of this district; street work
I done: lot 25x137:6. . : - ' .
i : _ . MISSION RESIDENCE. " -
N. line (364S) . l»th st.. 245 feet E. of Do-
lores at.; a two-story residence of 6 rooms and
I bath In the best part of the Mission warm
belt: Guerrero, 18th or Valencia st cars; street
bltaminized; lot 25x100 to rear street-
• EIGHTEENTH-8T. BUSINESS LOT.
S. line (Nos. 3619-3621) Eighteenth st, 100
feet W. of Guerrero st. ; a fine key lot, close
to the transfer corner; suitable for store and
I flats in front and flats in rear; If properly lm-
I proved would pay blgr; present Improvements
old: street bitumlnized; extra large key lot,
30x213, with L 24x113.
¦ ¦¦. LOMBARD-ST. CORNER.
•EW. comer Lombard and Buchanan sts.; a
fine comer lot, suitable for store and flats; on
North Side boulevard; lot 30x110.
SANCHEZ-ST. CORNER.
SE. corner (Nos. .449-451-453) Sanchez and
Dorland sts.: lmDrovements three cottages of
four rooms each: rents $288 per annum; a fine
corner ¦ In a growing neighborhood; lot 54.03
xlO4 feet .
VAN NESS AVENUE RESIDENCE LOT.
Ea*t side of Van Ness ave.. 12.18 feet north
of Greenwich st: a grand lot on an elevation,
giving a magnificent unobstructed marine view
of the bay. Golden Gate and Marln County
hills; lot 35x294 feet, more or less.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
Northwest corner of Mission and Brook «ts..
opporite Cortland ave.;. a handsome, sunny
corner, level and ready for building; a fine
site for stores and flats; Mission st. bitumin-
ixed; corner lot, 40x85 feet
ALSO— — . .
Northeast corner of San Jose ave. and Brook
st, at Junction of Dolores st; a fine, level
lot on which small flats would pay well* cor-
ner. 40x77. ' .
GREEN-ST. BUILDING LOT.
S. line Green st, 137:6 feet E. of Steiner: a
splendid site for a home;, elevated; marine
view; only half a block from Fillmore-st cars-
lot 32:6x137:6 feet
SAN BRUNO- ROAD LOTS -
Lots Ncs. 337, 339, 340. Gift Man No 4-
three lots on San Brcno road, a short dis-
tance beyond . Cortland • ave. : the electric cars
pass the property; lots 25x70 feet each
Subject to confirmation of Probate Court
' EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market at.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street
$75,000 — Grand corner on Market street, near
Franklin; 3 frontages: lot 75x124 feet;
this lot is only a short distance from
the proposed passenger terminus of
' ¦ . ' the new railroad, and will double In
value In the next few years; would
pay handsomely . If Improved with a
modern hotel or apartment house.
$22,000 — Howard street, near 2d ; lot 50x165
feet to rear street: present old im-
provements pay $850 per annum.
$20,000 — Rents $24Q0 per annum; 4 stores with
living rooms In rear, 4 houses of 7
- rooms and bath each and 3 flats. of 5
. . rooms and bath on Montgomery ave.,
the Market st' of the North Side; fine
. lot, 90 feet frontage on Montgomery
ave. by 137:6 feet to a main street in
' rear. The rents of this property con
. easily be Increased 15 per cent. .
$15,500 — Northwest corner on Kearny st. ; rents
$1800 per annum; store and 7 flats-
; lot 40 foot front
$15,000 — Three modern 7-8-8 rooms and bath
and rear house of '7 rooms and bath
on Pine st near Hyde-st. cars; pres-
ent low rentals pay $1440 per annum-
should pay at least $1700 per annum-
large lot 34:4%xl37:6 feet. ¦
$9,750 — Sacramento st. near Hyde; 5 new
. modern flats of 7-5 rooms and bath
each;' very desirably located and al-
ways rented at the present low rentals
of S1056 per annum; large lot, 34:4 'Ax
137:6 feet.
$8,500— Three modern flats of 6-7-8 rooms and
bath; rents $960 per annum; Jackson
st, near Devisadero; lot 25x128:8 feet
$6,500— Rents $708 per annum; 4 nice flats of
; 4-3 rooms and rear cottage of 5 rooms
en Teharaa . st. ; • . always ' rented; lot
. 35x80 feet - .
$6,250 — Rents $720 per annum; 2 new modern
flats of 7-0 rooms and bath; up to
date' In all details; facing Golden
Gate Park; lot 25x137:6. ,
$5,000— Sutter St., near Baker; 2 nice flats of
6 rooms and bath each; excellent con-
.: . _ dition; 27:6x110 feet;' always rented.
$3,000 — Store and house of 9 rooms and rear
bouse of 4 rooms; rents $420 per an-
- num; near 18th and Valencia ' sts. :
¦ lot 25x80 feet. , . .•
$3,500 — Make offer; must be sold this week;
fine site for flats; Laguna st, near
Haight: 2 blocks from Market St.; lot
25x100 feet. -
, : EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO., •
/,--' 638 Market street
FOR Sale — Lot 27:6x137:6, on car line, east of
Polk st. and north of Sutter; fine position for
flats; principals only apply. 317 California.
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
McAFEE BROS., 108 MONTGOMERY ST..
' '- - San Francisco.
. $200,000 — A lumber manufacturing establish-
ment In ''this city, with all necessary tin.ber
lands; everything first-class order; 15 per cent
per annum earned by present owners; none but
principals need apply. . . - ¦ - : ¦
• BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS. "
3 new modern flats, 7. 7 and 6 rooms; all
rented for $112 50 monthly; price $13,500.
PAYS - 6 PER CENT NET.
¦ Fine modern brick building; rent can be
raised when tenants' lease expires; near Mar-
ket st: price $120,000; a fine Investment: quick
sales desired; the best and cheapest investment
in the market. • .
SHRADER STREET.
Best block; fine modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms;
rents $57 60; price $6250.
COLE STREET.
Elegant new modern flats, finely built, fl
rooms each; rents S70; price $7750.
,,/ PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOT. =" '
G3:l%xl3i:6; commands fine marine view;
f-plendid site for residence or -4 swell flats;
owned by estate and heirs anxious to sell;
price ?li5 per. foot.
SWELL FLATS.
On Pacific Heights; 9 and 11 rooms: dining-
room finished In solid oak; marble steps; every-
thing elegant; beautiful marine view from
many of the rooms; rents $140; price $14 000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
Fine 8-room cottage on N. side of street and
key lot; owner anxious to sell; price $6000
WALLER-STREET HOME.
Near Scott; 2-story and basement. 7 rooms
and .bath: lot . 30x110; price $5250; will ex-
change for smaller property.
' , r „ VALLEJO-STREET LOT. .
co J\ Y?i l^ 3 ° st -' "ear Baker; marine view lot;
69:10x137:6; a bargain; price only $3500.
-, " ' VERY CHEAP.
Two lots on Twentieth st. between Church
nnd Sanchez; sunny side; 25x114 each; only
. - ,_ TWELFTH AND HARRISON.
o^T&O.Ool? t0 Cl ° Se •»•¦*««
SCOTT. STREET.
_ Lot -on Scott st, between McAllister and
Fulton; 25x106:3: price $2750. ,
.. •. .RICHMOND LOTS. J"*--."
Block bounded by Clement, 14th and 15th
aves; very cheap lots, only $700 and upward:
street work done; send for plat; sold on terms
and th^ Presidio line, $650 each; only 4 lots
left; secure them before you are too late
'-¦ MISSION COTTAGES.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
ice «• * McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.. i [
Opp. Kearny st. Real Estate Agents
and Rent Collectors.
$58,000— Geary st., near Stockton: 2 front-
ages; no better Inside buy; 1% blocks from
Market end Kearny sts. -. . •
$55,000-rHalf block from Orpheum. one block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new Flood
building; stores and lodging-houses
$40,000— Geary-st. corner; lot 87:6xl37-6-
very substantial improvements; rents $255-
pays 7 per cent net.
$35,000— McAllister St.: corner; 85x9S; good
improvements; rents $220. . ... .
$30,000— Fine business corner; 3 stores and
6 flats: building cost $25,000: lot 68:9x71;
rents $2450 per year. •
$30,000— Geary st. near Jones; fine Improve-
ments ; rents $170. .
t $14, 500— New Jackson-st residence, near
Alta Plaza: 12 rooms and baths; will easily
rent for $100. .
$11,000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter
sts. : rents $90.
! $10.000— Golden Gate ave. flats: lot 27:6x
I 120 feet: 2 frontages; rents $77 00; this is a
| bargain.
; $9000— Rents $103; lot 50xS0; downtown In-
I vestment. \ .'. - ' . V
$5500— Geary-st corner: 62 feet frontage;
half of property improved; a cheap buy.
$5000—50 feet frontage; flats; near Sixth st-
rents $66. . *
RESIDENCES.
$15.000 — Modern Jackson-st. , residence: 12
I rooms and baths; rents $100.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
j $41,000— NW. cor. California and Jones sts.:
I 115x105; 2 blocks from proposed Fairmount
j Hotel; If improved according. to our plans can
j get tenant at $1900 per month.
I $35,000 — 170x160; suitable for manufacturing
! purposes; 3 frontages; mortgage $26,000; Mis-
sion et.
$30,000—137:6x128; northwest corner Gough
st; marine and panoramic view; choice resi-
dence site.
$15.000— McAllister st, close to Fillmore:
75x137:6.
$5000—100x100; 1 block, from Golden Gate
Park. ¦ ' '• .
$3500— 75x250 feet; Castro-st corner; three
frontases.
¦••"-. SPECK & CO.. 6OT Market St.
j VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$16.000— Vallejo st, near Mason; 38:3%x
130:6 with L 39:2%x7G:6; 6 front and 11 rear
I flats; rents $150. ' -
I $13.000 — McAllister, nr. Buohanan; 53:9x
I 137:6: dairy, coal yard and 2 flats: rents $87 SO.
I v $10,250 — Corner Third and Harrison; 20x57.6:
store and flat; rent $65.
$8250 — Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street; house of '9 rooms and 2 rear flats;
rents S64. • • ¦ ..
I $6750 — Green, near Dupont: 20x137:6; new
i 3-story building and rear house; rents $66.
i $5750 — Broderick, near Jackson; 25x112:6;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
; $5000 — Union" place, near Green st. : 20x58:9;'
j 2 houses: rent $41. ,
i $5000 — Leavenworth rt.. near Union; 25x
j 112:6;. 3 new flats; rent $53.
; $4750— Post, near Lyon; 25x137:6; 2 flats;
I rents ?37.
I $4300 — Corner Union and Pierce; -30x100; cot-
tage:, rent $22 50. • ¦'
$4500— Bartlett. nr. ; 24th; 25x117:6 to rear
street: 2 bay window flats ; s rents $38.
$3100 — Church alley, north ' of Broadway;
stable and flats: 32x68:9: rents $53 50.
UNIMPROVED.
$17,000 — Sansome, near Green: 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots, each 25x
137:6. ?
Corner Buchanan and Pine; 55xSl:3; 2 lots.
$3000— Green, near Polk; 50x115.
$5500— Greenwich, near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
i $5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
102:8%. '
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st. ; 200
xl20.
| $4000 — Union, near Devisadero; 37:6x137:6.
• $3500-*-Fulton st, near Flllmore: 32:6x137:6.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos ; 48:6x100.
$3000— Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100: key lot
$2100 — Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 25x97:6.
$2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 61:8x114.
$1300 per lot — Bryant ave., near ¦ Twenty-
sixth; 2 lots, each 26:8x100. . '
$1000 — Sarchex, near Eighteenth: 25x105.
$900 per lot — York, near Twenty-sixth; 2
lots, each 26:8x100. t > . %
$85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots, f 200 to $400; terms easy; electric
j road passes.
NO WORKINGMAN SHOULD PAY RENT,
WHEN HE CAN BUY HOMES
i LIKE THESE.
$8.90 a month — Large 3-room cottage; .level
lot, fronting San Mateo electric cars.
$10.00 a month — Almost new cottage of 4
,.-'¦ .-.'?•.¦' rooms, outhouse and level lot, near
. Ccrtland ave.' .
$12.50 a month — Almost finished 4-room cot-
tage: sanitary plumbing, high basement
and close to Mission-st. cars.
$20.00 a month — Large 5-room cottage, with
' latest Improvements; one block from
Twenty-second st. cars.
$15.00 a month — 5-room cottage and lot; Hoff-
man ave. S.
$10.00 a month — Level building lots, 25x125,
each graded and sewered; near Guer-
rero and Thirtieth sts. * -*,: < i."
$5.00 a month — Level building lots, one block
.from Kentucky st, ¦ near Union Irofl
Works and Potrero.
(5.00 a month — Large lots one block from
Twenty-second street cars.
$5.00 a month — Fine lots with marine view
200 feet from boulevard.
$7250 — Elegant house of 9 rooms, with latest
Improvements, on Baker st. near Ful-
ton.
Lot on Shipley st. near 5th; fine for flats.
Cock st. near Point Lobos^ — 2 houses on easy
terms.
$5 a month — Building lots on and near San
Bruno road. • ¦¦
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. ' ;
HAWKS & SKELTON. i
. Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
• ¦ -.-. ' ¦ Property. -
$6000— Valenda-st. Investment; 2 houses. 7
rooms each; rents $45; lot 40x85; a bargain.
$6500— O'Farrell-st. Investment, near La-
guna; rents -$50; never vacant; lot Is nearly
worth the price.
.$3500 — North side Sutter St., between Baker
and Lyon; good house, 7. rooms and bath.
.$4000 — Lot on ' Leavenworth st, near Green:
M>x60: close to Hyde or Union, st. cars; will
pay well If Improved. .
$6500 — Lot NW. corner Hyde and Filbert
sts.. 60x137; fine site for building with every
room eunny ; good view of bay from upper floor.
' $3000— Lot SE. corner Larkin and Filbert
sts..' 41x62; choice site for home or flats.
I $40.000 — Investment In this city; 22 acres on
popular drive; street cars near by: some build-
ings; good soil; might be subdivided now at a
good profit or held for a few years and Increase
greatly In . value. ,: ",.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
A— KREDO & CO.,
800 Market st: 14 Flood bldg.
A NICE HOME AND $15 A MONTH. \
$2350— Corner ' store and . 6-room . flat : $1250
. . cash;: healthy, settled ;' neighborhood;
near Mission. . Call ' on Kredo . & Co. ' .
$4500 — Residence; Steiner, near .Gough: bar-
-•¦ - gain. - .. ¦•¦¦¦. "-
$4000— Residence, 9 rooms; Jackson st ; lot
w««; woth price. ynHWMtlnTiU'ii i nMMpgsa
$6000— 2 flats, 2; lots: rents $42; $3000 cash: 1
lot:worth $2000. - • '. - - ; ¦••
$S5O— Cottager Holly Park: snap.
$2500— Cottage, '5 rooms; 2d ave.; rents $18;
modern. -...,.
$1600 — Store,- 5-room house; lot 50x100; here is
. a surprise.
Call quick. KREDO & CO.. 14 Flood bldg.
$5000— New 8-room attic and basement Colonial
' residence ; ¦ NR ' • cor. 8th av.' & , Lake ; 50 front
$5750^-NICB flats, well rented; choice location;
— • Mission. - Owner, box 46S8. Call of flee. \ . :
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR^ SALE.
XELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st. opp. Mills Bids.
SNAP
IN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25.000— Best business street west of Kearny: 2
stores and 13 rooms above, on 34 foot
frontage; rents $1920 per annum; this
property will sell for $30,000 within 90
days. *
$15,500 — Northeast corner flats, east of.Larkln:
32:6 corner; 3 elegant flats. 6-8-8
rooms and bath; flooded with sun-
shine; handsome Income;' guaranteed
future; can't be equaled for price, or
appearance.
O'FARRELL-ST. INSIDE PROPERTY.
$12,000—27:6x120 back to rear street; 4 bouses;
only 5 minutes from Market st; lot
alone worth price asked.
$10,750 — Rents $1225; pays nearly 12 per cent:
3 new flats; marble steps; round bay-
window; elegant view; near Park Pan-
handle; cars pass; 27 foot frontage.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$3.500 — New elegant modern residence of 10
rooms, bath, servants' room: lot 52 ft
frontage; light and sun in every room.
SNAP.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
$5,000 — Rents $960; near 6th and Mission sts. ;
. 42 feet frontage; store and 5 flats.
BEAUTIFUL MODERN FLATS.
$7,500 — Rents $840; 2 new flats, 6-8 rooms and
bath; marble steps: Coioni.il mantels,
etc. ; near Park Panhandle.
¦' '•': v- NEW BUSH-ST. FLATS.
$7,000— Two new elegant modern flats, 6-7
rooms; every modern convenience;
rents $720.
ATTRACTIVE PIERCE-ST. FLATS.
$6,750—2 well-built flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; on best block on Pierce St.;
rented low for $630.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st, opp. Mills Bldj.
CENTER A SPADER] ~ ~
11 Montgomery st. (Lick House block).
$20,000 — NW. corner residence on Oak st: 10
rooms, baths, reception hall, servants'
rooms, basement and attic; flooded
with light and sunshine; fine view;
large lot, 50x100.
$9,000 — Commercial st. near Kearny; brick
building; well rented; lot 20x59:6.
Post st, near Jones — 3 flats, 5, 5 and 0 rooms;
rents $S5 per month.
$10,000 — Fulton st. near Devisadero: new, np-
to-date flats: rent $85; large lot. 20x
137.
$5,500 — Flllmore St., near Oak: choice lot for
flats; note the size. 37:6x110.
$160 per month rent — Price $16,500; a splendid
Investment; 10 modern flats on Bran-
nan, near 3d st; large lot, 40x197;
two frontages; always rented.
Block on Folsom and 20th sts. and Treat are..
In subdivisions of 25x122:6 and 25x95;
one-third cash, 6 per cent Interest;
streets paved with bituminous rock
and cement side-walks.
$5.000 — Modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms, with
stable; on Folsom. st, nr. 21st; cheap.
$2,650 — Snao; 2-story house, 6 rooms, on Shot-
well st. near 20th, renting for $20;
¦ lot 30x122:6; stable in rear; lot wortli
price asked; don't miss thia.
$3,700 — Post st, near Scott; another snap: lot
25x87:6. with 2 cottages; rents $23
per mopth.
$1,300 each — 3 large lots. 28x96 each; on Al-
- pine st., near Ridley; extended vlaw;
' ' - closa to Halzht-st cars.
$2,800— Snap; must be sold; rents $35; 4 small
flats on Rltch st: 25x75 r two front-
ages.
$3,500— Harrison St., near 3d: 2-story bouse,
7 rooms, renting for $25; lot 25xS5;
want offer. ,
$8.500— Rents $930 r>er annum: 3 swell flats la
the Mission: only one year old; lot 23
xlOO: «ee thl«: It's a bargain.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (IncJ,
Seventh floor, Crocker Building.
$1,000 cash; $3500; terms to suit pur-
chaser; residence of 10 rooms; Brod-
erick at. near Haight} lot alone wortli
$3500.
$1,850— $2CC0 mortgage, 6 per eent; 8-room.
bay-window, 2-story cottage and large
lot; Webster st, near O'Farrell.
$6,000 to $10,000— Flats: Western Addition;
paying $65 to $105 per month; streets
accepted; cars pass property.' .
$15,000 — % cash, balance terms to suit; three
10- room modern houses: rents $1440
per annum; large lot: could easily be
changed into apartment house or flats
and pay over 12 per cent on Invest-
ment; located on O'Farrell st, near
Buchanan.
Money at 6 per cent for full amount of im-
provements. .
Loans on second mortgages. .
Loans on estates and undivided interests 13
real estate at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN" COMPANY.
Seventh floor. Crocker Building.
A — WESTERN ADDITION.
Two flats and dwelling; cars pass the door;
large lot; 51 feet frontage; present rents $_»
can be Increased; $1500 cash, balance monthly
Installments $30 per month; the rents will buy
the property.
An elegant residence on Ashbury Heights;
everything modern and up to date; cars pasa
premises; lot 50x106; property in this locality
is rapidly increasing In value.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
Situated In warm belt. 9 rooms ' and bath,
with large attic, which could be made Into-
three additional rooms or bllllard-room at small
expense; house with every convenience; lot QSx
100; must be seen to be appreciated.
As owner is compelled to leave city will sell
at prices that will Interest you. No agent*.
Address Owner, box 4331. Call. -
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
The Santa Fa Tract.
The Santa Fe Tract.
Lots all level.
Streets sraded.
.$130 $15 cash. $5 monthly
Terminus Santa Fe Railroad./
The coming manufacturing city of California,
McBWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st..
Sole Aeents.
$250 — $25 CASH, $10 monthly for a rery cheap
lot on Twenty-seventh ave., between Point
Lobos and Clement st; half-block from t_»
cars
$225— $25 cash, $10 monthly; fine level build-
ing lot on East Park st, close to Holly Park
and Mlsslon-st. electrlo cars; a remarkably
fine chance for a man of small means to get a
° m McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st
A— 16-ROOM hard finished building, two
stores below; large bakehouse in rear; four
adjoining cottages: 8 lots with corner front-
- age, 140x200: located in San Diego; famed
for its beautiful bay and charming climate;
will sell at a bargain or exchange for Inv-
proved cr unimproved property In San Fran-
cisco. Oakland or Berkeley. RICHARD J.
MONTGOMERY, 11 Montgomeiy st, 8. B\,
or 467 Ninth st. Oakland^ ______
WANTED — To purchase lots, large or small
sized subdivisions north of Broadway to tha
bay and from Larkin to Lyon sts. "W. J.
GUNN. B30 California st.
CORNER Filbert and Jones sts., containing; 4
modern flats with basements; lot 42:6x70;
price $8250; particulars of owner. 1014A
Greenwich ct
WANTED — To purchase a residence north of
Broadway or on any of the streets between
Van Ness ave. and Lyon. W. J. GUNK. 530
California »t
GEO. NEWTON. 759 Market; city and ooontry
real estate; lodging-houses; phone Black 0481.
$17,500 — Business property stores and furnished
flats. Owner, box 4318. Call office.
$5600 — SACRIFICE: nice flats, Mission warm,
belt; choice location. Owner, box 4347. Call.
PAPERING room walls, $1 50: painting, $1;
1 ' whitening, 75c PAINTER. 315 Golden Gate.
[ REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
SAN JOAQUIN COUNT Y— 703 ACRE9.
375 acres alfalfa at $75 per acre; 163 acres
grain at $50 per acre; 160 acres rye pasture at
$40 per acre; would subdivide; all irrigated;
near Stockton.
A farm, 75 acres, 2 miles from Felton, 10
miles Santa Cruz; 40 acres cultivated; 25 acres
choice apples; balance pasture; hard-finished
dwelling, 6 rooms, barn, etc.; running water ¦
piped; will make a fine home: price $5000.
Nearest, beet and cheapest Irrigated land to.
San Francisco; 960 acres; will subdivide. .
Alfalfa lands for sale— Cattle and hogs now
in demand; alfalfa is most desirable; we have
320 acres under irrigation; 3 years in alfalfa; in
San Joaquin County, near railroad: as a whole
or In subdivisions; price $75 per acre.
- San Joaquin County — 962 acres reclaimed rule
land; 650 acres planted In rye and 300 acres
rented at $S per acre for vegetables; price $70
per acre.
. .-.'•¦¦
Mineral springs and resort within 50 miles of
San' Francisco; recommended by physicians of
San Francisco; paid 10 per cent on last, year's,
business without advertising; a good opportu-
nity for a hotel man or physician; price $30,000.
We have ether l&nrls for grazing, grain or
1 any other crop In good locations and at reason-
able terms; we Invite landseekers to visit our
office.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
¦, • 108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
KEAL ESTATES-— CITV— FOR S-*-** 1 *?-
<2. H. UMBSEN & CO..
y» „» i 14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION,
r AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
REFEHEES SALE.
At our salesroom, Monday. March 24. 1002.
et 12 o'clock noon.
The following rive proi>erties lo be offered by
order of Gust^ve II. Umbsen. referee. eubje;t
to confirmation fcy the Superior Court:
1- ,
ICofs. 1720-1731 Mark?t 6t.. Junction of Mar-
ket. l!.-iicht and Oouffh sts. : 2 stores, flat of
7 rooms and 1 a'.h. 2 rear cottages of 4-5 roomb;
rrriTs f'.'ili 50 per month: lot r>U'«xli!4 to Stev-
enson st. •
% '
Lot 1, block 4, Market-st Homestead Asso-
clEtlon.
3.
Lot S. block 23. Market-st. Homestead Asso-
ciation.
*.
Portion of lot r.. block 15«5. South San Fran-
cisco and Railroad Homestead Association.
C.
Lot 12. block 150. South San Francisco and
Railroad Homestead Association
FOURTH-ST. BUSTNESS PROPERTY.
Ncs. 311-13-15 Fourth fit., near Folsom st ;
lmorevenents consist of four-story building,
containing two larce stores and lodging-house
of 35 rooms; rents $130 per month: this loca-
tion is rapidly Improving and becoming desir-
able businets prci«ejty.
THiP.U-fcT. INVESTMENT.
No. E22 Third St., near Bryant et.; Improve-
ments eon* 1st of a three-story frame building
of 11 rooms and bath; rear ;>ortlon of lot va-
cant; both streets accepted: rents $40 ptrr
month ; bank mortgage of J40O0 can remain; lot
23.4xU>0 tc Ritch *,t.
V FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
f Nr*. 160S-1610 -Folsom st, near 12th et:
thrce-ptory building, containing store and two
fists of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.; rents $<>2 50 per month: lot
EXECUTORS' SALE.
Jackson St.. south line, between Cherry and
First >ve.; this desirable residence site must be
eDld to close an estate; nicely elevated and
commands a good view; splendid opportunity
for f peculators or builders; lot 87-CxirS:3.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Southwest corner of Sanchez and Day sts.:
two level building lots, 26:fixlO5 each.
PARK LOTS.
*2d ave.. west line, between A and B sts.;
4? lots offered in subdivisions; also portion of
block 423. west line of 43d ave.. between O
and D sts.: this latter piece to be sold as a
whole.
For catalogues. and further particulars apply
to O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
_^ 14 Montgomery st.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery t-t.
$37.S00 — Rents $230 per month: choice holding
on Ellis Ft., downtown, modern build-
ing, containing 36 rooms under Ie«i6«.
$30,000 — Rents $2&o per month; choice holding
' on JSixth ..-.t, stores and flats; stead-
ily »vnt»d to desirable tenants; large
lot 7F. fett front: reason for selling,
owner is an absentee.
$20,000 — Rents $1C2 60 per month; Seventh St.,
near new postofnee site; improvements
steadily occupied; large frontage, 100
feet. ¦ ,
$17,000 — Rents $1C9 per month; near Sixteenth
and Mission sts.; 12 choice flats; stead-
ily rented; 1.T5XS5.
$16,400 — Rents *126 per -month; Clay st. near
Leavenworth; 3 new elegant flats of
7-7-S rooms and bath each; large lot,
37:6 feet front
$14.000 — Rents $91 per month; choice corner on
r Haight St.; near transfer point; good
building, containing store and flat:
portion of lot vacant; large lot. 110
feet front.
$12.500— Rents $93 per month; choice business
corner on Page st. : good improve-
ments, consisting of store and flats;
lot 27 :C feet front.
$10.000 — Rents $S7 50 per month; Pine st. near
Buchanan; 3 modern flats of 7-S rooms
and bath each; In perfect order; 25
xlOO.
S8.500 — P.ents $81 per month; near Union et.
and Van Ness ave.; 3 new modern
flats of 6 rooms and bath each; on line
of cable cars; 27:6x137:6.
JS.500 — Rent* ?SI per month; Jackson st; 3
modern flats of 7-S rooms and bath
each; 25x127.
S*.000 — Rents $73 per month: Flllmore st: 2
new flats of 7-9 rooms and bath each;
elegantly finished : 25x93:9.
$7.500 — Rents SCO; Sacramento et.: 2 choice
flats of 6 rooms and bath each; also
rear cottage of 6 rooms and bath; at
Email outlay high basement could be
converted into flat
$7.500 — Rents $70 per month; Waller st. ; 2
handsrme flats, just completed, con-
taining 5-8 rooms and bath: social
hall; 25x100.
*6 500 — Rent $60 r>er month; Fell St.. near
Buchanan; 3 well-built houses of 0
rooms and bath each; 2 frontages; 2V:6
X120.
$6,250 — Fronting Park Panhandle; desirable
bay-window house of 9 rooms and
bath: brick foundation, etc.; 25x157:6.
$4.750— Guerrero st., near Eighteenth: cottage
of 6 rooms an<1 bath and large lot
40x100; make offer; must sell to close
an estate.
?¦ $4.000 — Rents S35 per month; desirable busi-
ness corner, near Twenty-third anS
Valencia sts.; store and flat of 6
rooms and bath; good improvements;
28x100.
$4.250 — Twenty -third st. ; a modern residence
of S rooms and bath; 23x144; this Is a
bargain.
$3,100 — In the Mission; a cozy cottage of 5
rooms and bath; conservatory, stable
and carriage-houee : large lot 50x90.
$2.750 — Near Thirteenth and Guerrero ets. ; a
desirable 2-story residence of 6 rooms
and b&th; brick foundation, etc.; in
perfect order; must sell to close an
estate.
Call or write for our "'Real Estate Record,"
containing a* list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city.
Latest Pocket Maps of San Francisco. 25c
G. H. LTMBSEN & CO..
_ 14 Montgomery st
LTON & HOAG.
\ 114 Montgomery St.
$6250 — Fine modern residence on Oak st.
facing the Park; 9 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 23x
137:6.
(5500 only — Nice residence on Devisadero St.,
near Washington; contains S rooms, bath, etc.;
lot 2Szl20; lot alone worth $4000.
j:5.C>0 — Sacramento et., near Montgomery;
2-ftory and basement brick buildinr; lot 30x
137:6 feet; rent $90.
$2750 — A pretty bay-window cottage ' on
Fourth ave, near California st: contains 5
large runny rooms and bath: lot 25x120.
$5000 — Rent $50; Broderick-st. flats; brand
new; containing 5 rooms and bath each; lot
hie over 3O feet of frontate.
£12.500 — Geary-st. business property, near
Laruna; extra large lot. 34x137:6 feet; etore
and 6 rooms and two R-roora flats above; rent
"""f $90; could be Increased; a bargain.
$4000— Harrison et, near Tenth; 2 flats of
5 and 6 rooms; rent $31; lot 25x75.
$3500 — Rent $32: 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath and high basement: built about one year;
lot 23x100; Iowa St.. not far from Union Iron
Works: splendid renting locality.
$1900 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; lot 2ox
100: Iowa st, near Twenty-third.
$5250 — Clay st. near Broderick: 2-6tory resi-
dence of 6 rooms and bath in good condition;
lot 27:6x127.
$65,000 — Rent $400; splendid corner invest-
ment on Eddy St.. close to town; stores and
flat*: good building.
S35O0 — Hartford Bt.. near Twentieth; lot 25x
125: 2-story bay-window house of 7 rooms and
ba_..
' $7000 — Rent $62; Folsom et, near Twelfth;
3-story building, containing store and 5 rooms;
also 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms; lot 25x87:6.
$2400 — Twenty-first st.. near Bryant; bay-
window cottage. 5 rooms and bath; basement;
lot 25x93. -
$1300 — Cottage of 5 rooms; Texas st, near
Twentieth; 1^ 25x»0; close to Eiehteenth-st
earn and not far from Union Iron Works.
$1500 — Elsie et, near Cortlar.d ave.: bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot
25:6x70, -:¦'- ,_
$3000-— Ftllmore st, near Filbert; corner 2-
rtory house of 10 rooms and bath; lot 32:6x
e2:6. •
LTON & HOAG.
14 Montgomery st
.FOR PARK LOTS.
£ We excel In Prices and Locations.
$100 to $400 — Graded Ocean Boulevard lots;
all bargains; $5 monthly.
$500 to $1000 — Beautiful Sunset lots; eplendid
view of Park and Ocenn; all graded; on easy
Installments.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st
$400 to $800 — Unexcelled Richmond building
lots; $10 monthly.
$100n, $1750. $2500 to $3500— Modern cot-
tages; all bargain*; choice locations; eaey
terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54. Chronicle building.
ONLY $250— $250 EACH.
$25 DOWN. $5 AND $10 MONTHLY.
Beet purchase in this city. 60 level building
lots; ail fenced.
.. No grading. Spring Valley water.
Near Mission et. and electric cans.
Don't miss seeing them to-day.
Get off corner Misison st. and Brazil ave.,
walk up to Madrid st
Mr. Allen Smith, local agent, 450 Edin-
burgh st., -will show lots Sundays.
SOL GETZ& BROTHER,
Room 54. Chronicle building.
f* POTRERO house and lot 25x100; cheap: 4
% rooms: *500 cash, balance to «ult Owner,
box 4349. Call office.
"EjlJL^ESTATF CITV — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
• 10 ' Montsomery st. •
$^,oOO — Bay-window cottar of 6 rooms and
bath; basement, f- table, etc.; on San-
chez st., near Twenty- third.
, *J.2OO — NW, corner on Point Lobos ave. ; 43x
„ „ 110; " stores and ball above.'
fo,_..0 — Carl et., near entrance to Park; sunny
j ¦ side, splendid Mew : two excellent .flats
I ot 0 rooms and bath each; rents S42 50
per month; terms of $1000 cash can be
made, balance to be paid from rents.
$«.500 — Terms $1C(K) cash, balance monthly;
new modern u?-to-date 2-story base-
ment and attic residence of 0 rojms
and bath; finished in natural woods;
beam ceilings, 4 brick mantels, book
cates, etc.; lot 25x137:0; vicinity of
Union and Flllmore sts.
53.400— Sutter st.; cottage of 6. rooms end
bath: rents $22 50 per month; splendid
lot, 30 foot frontage. . .
$4o,000 — NE. business corner, on piomlnent
thoroughfare in Western Addition;
new building;- Mores and flats; large
lot. 03x110; pays over all expenses 8%
per cent net. ,
$11,500 — Washlngttn st; marine view; new,
i modern, up-to-date Eastlake residence.
containing every modern convenience
.throughout; 13 rooms, 2 baths, etc.;
splendid marine view. •
$27.500 — Corner en Kentucky st., close to Union
Iron Works: frame buildings in houtes
and flats: rents low at $155 per month;
• extra large lot, with 3 frontages, 75x
$1,100 — Cottage' of 3 rooms,' on Norfolk Bt,
i near Folsom and Eleventh; wry cheip.
j $2.700 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, in splen-
I did repair: lot 25x100; Twentieth st,
' near Castro. We can arrange terms. I
! $12.000 — O'Farrell st: near Devisadero; mod- '
i ' ern bulldlnc of 3 flats: rents $92 50
ptr month; lot 27xl37:«. . •
$3,200 — Corner on San Jose ave.; lot 29x76;
store and 5 rooms and bath- flat abive
of 7 rooms and bath; rents $25 per mo.
$1,700 — Stone st. off Washington, near Pow-
ell; splendid 3-story frame building of
12 rooms, bath, etc. ; same tenant for
years; pays $18 net per month; can be
easily increased.
$6,750— Pierce st. near Haight: 2 substantial
well-built flats of 6 and 7 rooms aud
bath each: rents $52 50 per month.
817,500— Rents at present $100 per month; to be
increased to $190 per month; large cor-
ner lot, 76x96 feet, fully improved,
with store and flats, all in splendid
condition, on Fourteenth st, one block
from Market. This !s a permanent,
well-paying investment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
SUNSET LOTS ~~
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
On the H-st. electric car and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nlne-
teenth-ave. Boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades; macad-
amized; plank sidewalks; gas and water ser-
vice: ?10O cash, balance $10 per month.
Cheap homes and flats on terms to suit your
pocket-book. Apply for particulars at our
branch offices.' corner H st and Ninth ave., or
cur main office, 10 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$250 — ON terms: lots near Unksn and Risdon
Iron works. Tubbe* Cordage Factory, Sugsr
Refinery and lands purchased by Santa Fe
Railroad; located on Twenty-third. Missouri,
Texas. Mississippi, Indiana and' Minnesota
streets;
BUT BEFORE PRICES ARE RAISED.
Take Third-Et cars, get off at Kentucky and
j Twenty-third sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELU
10 Montgomery st.
FLORIN L. JONES & CO.. 630 Market st.
Real Estate Agents (opp. Palace)..- -
Sixteen years' experience In real estate busi-
ness In this State, four years In San Francisco;
sound Judgment; best of references; reliability.
Will subdivide the northeast corner of Van
I Ness ave. and Broadway; 86:8x137:6 on Van
| Xess ave.. or 137:6x139:4. Here is one of the
p finest sunny corners In the city; submit your
offer.
$26,000 — Southwest corner Oak and Cole ets.:
31:3x100; sunny, modern flats; rent
$255.
$12,500 — New, 'modern, marine- view residence.
on Van Ness ave.; a gem.
$7000— Good 7-room residence; Vallejo and
Gou~h sts.
$11.000 — Modern, marine-view residence; 27:6x
137:6; Pacific Heizhts.
$S5,000 — Choice marine view; NW. corner, 125x
130; Pacific Heights. ' ' "
$12,500 — Three fine, large modern flats; choice
investment; rent $112 50.
$7500 — Sunny residence. 0 rooms and bath;
lot 2S:9xl20; marine view; this resi-
dence is In excellent condition and is
a barraln.
j $15,000 — Three new sunny flats In Panhandle
I - • ¦ section : modern; large, deep lots. .
. FLORIN L. JONES & CO.. 630 Market st
j A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents,
¦ '. 112 Montgomery Street.
$40.000 — Devisadero 6t; large corner lot, 60x
112:6; fully Improved; stores and flats;
rents 52*00 per annum;. a fine invest-
-.. ". ment . . . , . -
$35,000 — Californla-st. Investment, near Kear-
- ny; large three-story, brick building;
lot 49 feet frontage. ..
119,500 — Eddy Bt; fine large corner; 62:6x100;
improved with two residences and two
, ' ¦* flats, paying $1400 per annum; never
vacant • ¦ . ¦ • •
$14.000 — Sacramento st.. near Eansome; 3-story
brick building; rents $720 per annum.
$14.000 — Jackson St.; lot 63x137:6; magnificent
unobstructed marine view.
$10.500 — Reduced from $12,000; 23d and Bart-
lett sts.; large modern Improved resi-
. dence; lot 34:6x120.
$8,500 — Fell st. residence, opposite Panhandle;
modern improvements; lot 25x137:6.
$8,000 — Devisadero et., near Fulton; 55x137:6;
old improvements.
$7, 500^-0' Farrell St.: large lot 72x137:6; near
Devisadero st. : fine location for flats.
$7,500 — 2 flats. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents
$660 per annum; Vallejo st, near Van
Ness ave.; lot 25x137:6.
$6,000— Mission Bt, near 26th; lot 60x100; im- j
provements consist of two stores, flat
of 8 rooms and bath and large stable. .
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st. i
__________ _ _ ___ __
- REAL ESTATE AGENT,
« 138 Montgomery st. .
1 $8500 — Northeast corner, near Haight and
i Fillmore sts. ; 3 modern flats, containing 6, 6 '
and 5 rooms, porcelain tubs, flush closets and
every modern convenience; rents $72 50 per
month.
• $5500 — Golden Gate ave. ; 2 modern flats. Just
completed, containing 4 and 5 rooms; rents
$47 50 per month; lot 25x100.
SOT.OO — Clay st. Presidio Heights: modern
residence.' containing S rooms and bath; com-
paratively new; $1000 cash, balance on mort-
j gage p-t « oer cent. •
! $4650 — Short distance from Market and Cas-
tro Kts.; two Al flats, containing 5 and 6 rooms
• and bath; rents $45 per month; lot" 28x136;
' thiz is a bargain.
$10.500 — Rents $92 50 per month: near Mc-
Allister and Broderick sts. : three fine flats, 7
rooms and bath each; lot 25x100. . - .
¦610,000 — Rents $78 per month; Turk St., near
Fillmore: three modern flats, 6 rooms each;
lot 27x100.
$C25C — Folsom st, near Twenty-first: 2 new
modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms; rents $55 per
I month; lot 25x122:6.
$300 each— Lots 25x75; within a stone's
throw of Mission st. and Cortland ave. • .
$3750 — Reduced from $4250; Lyon st, near
Sutter: One 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath;
let 25x119; $2000 mortgage can remain If de-
sired.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM........ REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery «t, room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$41,000 — Good Investment: Mission, nr. Sixth.
$43,500— Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages: fine
location for apartment house, fla.ts.etc.
f 2375— -A snap; north side Clay at. near
' Lyon; fine location for flats.
$17,500 — Three very stylish new sunny flats, 8
rooms: choice location; rents $160.
$10,500 — Good buy; store and flats; Larkin st,
near Geary; rents $70.
$5250 — Fine 5 and 6 room flats; on' Stevenson
st, near Thirteenth; rent $45.
$1650— Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchez, and
Alvarado sts.; 26:6x105 feet.
' ' HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr. i
entrance Park music stand: cars pass property.
A. E BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
GEO A. RAYMOND,
REAL ESTATE BROKER.
$95 000 — Downtown Improved property; half
block north of Market st; an unusual
opportunity; large lot.
|i5 000 Octavla, near. Sacramento; residence,
10 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets;' full value
for the price.
$25 000 Large South Beach lot; Just the place
for manufactory.
$S50 to *1200 — Beautiful residence lots on
College Heights, east of Affiliated Col-
leges, 2 blocks south of Golden Gate
Park: the cheapest choice property in
the city; the nicest people buy these
lots and build lovely homes; steadily
For Ross Valley and San Rafael properties see
" ' Suburban Real Estate.
GEO. A. RAYMOND.
Room 2. 7th floor, Mills . Bldg.
CONKLIN, FULLINGTON & CO..
710 Market st, S. F.", Cal.
We have a fine lot of bargains in city and
country real estate: . ¦
$3000 — Cottage near Market and Sixteenth.
$36,000— Business property.' paying 10 per
cent.
$3000— Oakland home, for sale or exchange.
$7000— Two flats on Sutter st; a snap.
Vacant lots all over the city.
FOR Sale — As a whole or in subdivisions, 60-
vara lot. south line. Union Bt; 137:6 feet east
¦ of Pierce. Lot.- northeast corner Oreen and
Pierce sts.. 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real v Estate- Broker,
' 324 Montgomery st • ¦
FOR «ale — House of 8 rooms and bath: sunny;
on car line. For particulars Inquire at 1808
Guerrero st..' near 25th. ¦'.¦¦.* '¦
$300— LOT on lower terrace, close to Seven-
teenth and Aehbury. Inquire 133 Valecnla.THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
liERKELEnilVEHTISEMENTS
• - - '- - ' - - -
BEltKKI.KY REAL ESTATE:
A HANDSOME 2-stbry house of 7 large rooms,
thoroughly up to date; electric light •_ and
gas fixtures; street work all done; cement
walks about place; near station and In fine
neighborhood; must be seen to be fully ap-
preciated; price $275n; very easy terms.
HOME REALTY CO.';
Lorin Station. ' .
GOOD 5-room high basement cottage; brick
foundation, wooden mantel, china closet, etc. ;
convenient to station, stores, etc. ; large ¦ lot,
fenced and crossed fenced: windmill and
tank; a flne home; price S1300; $100 down,
balance same as rent.
. HOME REALTY CO.,
Lorin Station.
NEW 6-room house; all modern conveniences;
on large lot; near station; lot fenced with 6-
foot board fence and good sidewalk about
house; price $1050; $200 down; balance on
easy payments.
HOME REALTY CO..
Lorln Station, Berkeley. Cal.
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
cewered; corner lot, 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700— $500 rash, balance monthly;' 4-room
cottage, bath: street work done; city water;
fewered; lot 60x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.
$1760 — $550 cash balance flat loan. Paclfla
Home Building- Company, 39 Nevada block.
Kan Francisco. .
FOR sale In North Berkeley — A flne large resi-
dence, with two acres of improved ground,
within a few minutes' walk -of train and
electric cars. Inquire at 2119- Berryman St.,
Berkeley.
$2100— A SNAP: lot 60x120; north side Bancroft
way- near Ellsworth st. ROTHERMEL &
MERRELL, 507 California St.
COTTAGE: of ,1 rooms and bath: kith base.
tnent: esgy payments. MURDOCK. M4 Pine.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRPITVALE ITEAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITXER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$150 — Choice lot, 60x108, fronting on mac-
adamized street; three blocks from electric
cars.
$370 — House of 2 large rooms; chicken house;
10 fruit trees; lot 50x130; one block from elec-
tric cars.
$760 — Cozy cottage of 3 rooms, stable and
chicken house; city water; lot 75x100; two
blocks from electric cars; easy terms If de-
sired.
$850 — Cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished; pan-
try and closets: 7-foot basement and good brick
foundation; flne well and pump; chicken house,
etc.; lot 81x108; all fenced.
$000— For sale In East Oakland; house of 4
rooms and attic; 20 fruit trees in bearing; good
well, greenhouse; street work all done; only 3
blocks from local station; this property must
be sold as owner is going to Europe. .
$1200r-Two acrea of rich soil" fronting: on^
High St.; choice location; only one block from
electric cars. ¦•
$1700— Chicken ranch of 2% acres; house of
S rooms, stable, chicken houses; good well and
forse pump; flno location; only one block from
electric cars.
$2200 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; hall; high basement and all modern
improvements; fruit trees, etc.: lot 72:6x360:
all fenced and cross fenced; fronting on main
county road. _
. A new home for $2000 on easy terms; $150
cash, $30 monthly; pretty colonial style house
of 6 rooms and basement; large hall; flne brick
mantel; open plumbing; porcelain bath; tiled
sink; stationary tubs; rooms beautifully tinted
and frescoed; lot 50x157; all fenced; located in
the choicest part of Fruitvale; handy to schools,
churches* and within walking distance of local
train. For particulars apply to H. A. PLEIT-
NER, Frultvale Station, Cal.' > ;
HOME BUILDING CO.. Fruitvale ave.
$1000 — House, 6 rooms and bath; lot 112x112;
barn; ?i mile from station; $100 cash, balance
$12 50 per month.
$l!iOO--Houpe, 6 « rooms and bath; 4 short
blocks from station; $200 cash, balance $18 20
per month. ¦ -
$1*00— House. 9 rooms, bath, mantel, station-
ary tubs, hi ?h basement: 2 blocks from station;
$300 cash, balance $21 per month.
$1700— House, 5 rooms and bath; lot 35x124;
nice stable; one block from car line; four blocks
from station; $300 cash, balance $19 60 per
month. , - • ¦ .' ¦
$600 — House. 3 rooms; lot 50x100; good'.well;
$100 cash, balance $7 per month; 3 blocks from
Hajwarde car line, "Fltzburg."
$1500 — House. 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x164;
$21 ner month will buy this home: "Forest
Park." -
$1000 — House, & rooms; lot 46x145; $100 cash,
balance $12 CO per month;, "Allendale Tract."
- Wi-E. RUDELL.
Home Building Company,
Fruitvale ave. and Washington st. ¦
Office hours — S a. m. to (S p. m., Sundays in-
cluded. . * . -".', --.
$1350 — 6-ROOM cottage; all modern; nothing
down, payment same as rent; street work
done.
$«J7f — 4-room cottage; hard finish; let- 50
ft front: Kood well; $25— cash; balance .«9 25
per month.
$1650 — 6-room house; modern; lot 37:6x116;
close to street cars.
$1700 — 2Vi acre chicken ranch with 4-t-oom
. houM and rood well.'
$3200 — 6 acres of sandy loam; 2 acres in
bearing orchard; 4-room sealed tiouae and
barn. . c
Apply ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1151 Twenty-third avo , East Oakland.
OAKLANI) ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFlCt— 1118 BkUADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD, WATSON & C6". f
!)0.'l Broadway, Oakland.
HOMES.
$2500 — Large cottage. 6 rooms and bath, on
north side 14th st, between Union and Mag-
nolia; large lot .
$1250 — West Oakland cottage, near railroad
shops; 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$3760 each — Two of the finest new Colonial
houses In Oakland; lots 34x100: on west side
Valdez st, between 23d and 24th; lots above
the street about 6 feet; stone wall in front
with stone steps; lawns now In; the houses
have 3 bedrooms with large closets; large bath-
room with closet: large reception hall 11x16;
large parlor, dining-room, kitchen, butler' c
pantry; cement basement; porcelain bath and
sink; plumbing the best; on sunny side of the .
street; take Piedmont cars; easily worth $4100.
$7500 — On 13th st., .between Madison and
Oak; lot 65x100; very fine house of 0 rooms
and bath; all modern Improvements; easy walk
to broad and narrow gauge stations and Broad-
way; neighborhood the very best; this Is a
forced sale by the bank and a great bargain.
$8500 — On Durant st, east of Webster; - an
elegant home that cost over $15,000; lot 60x100;
on north side of the street; house of 9 rooms,
bath and basement: hardwood finishing In the
house cost over $5000; handsomely frescoed;
this is one of the finest homes in Oakland and
the greatest bargain. .
$12,600 — Southeast corner Madison and 14th
sts.; lot 150x100; large modern house of 10
rooms; in the finest neighborhood, in Oakland;
this is a forced sale by order of bank; lot
easily worth price asked.
LOTS. " '<-'-•
$376 and upward— Street work now being
done; choice residence lots in the new Univer-
sity Park tract, facing Telegraph ave., Alca-
trast ave. and Harmon st. ; easy walk to local
train; electric ¦ cars pass property. ¦
$1000 — Fine lot on Magnolia st, near 12th;
west side; 62x125.
$3150— «0xl00; west side Filbert st.. 30 feet
north of Eighth. . ¦¦:-. :¦¦,¦¦
. $2250 — 50x100; on south side 11th St., between
Jackson and Madison. ' •
$2750-^50x100; on east side Oak st., 50 feet
south of 12th; Improvements on -this lot cost
over $2200; big bargain.
$2000—00x115; on south side 33d st., between
Telegraph ave. and Grove st. V -
, $3000 — 150x160; northeast corner Fifth"- ave.
and East 18th '¦ st. ; electric cars pass 1 property
and transfer point Is here; . flne corner , for
store and flats.
$.'5000 — 50x100; south side 13th st, between
Oak and Madison, .y;
$2700 — 45x100; south side 13th st, between
Oak and Madison.
$2750 — 50x100; south side 14th St., between
Madison -and Jackson.
$4660— Choice lot on west side Oak st. ; 70x
100; face's the lake; big bargain. -.,.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO!;-
¦ ¦ . - - - 903 Broadway. Oakland. ;¦
I MUST be sold; $1000; worth $2600; corner lot
commanding an ¦ unobstructed view of Oak-
land. Lake Merritt, San . Francisco ' Bay , and
foothills -back;, close to car line 'and' close to
fl.ie improvements. - •> f9EMRBtf9fiQHBlKs|BW8
_ "Berkeley; '$3750; flne ¦ modern house of ;8
roon,«, , pearly new; Rood barn; . corner lot • on
Telegraph ave. ' ¦ -.- ¦ , ¦ , ,
New, modern 2-story 8-room , house, ' on ' the
heights, overlooking - Oakland ¦ and bay; large
lot; one block to car line;; elegant . neighbor-
hood. .'. • ¦-'¦-¦.- -.-. : ¦ .. -..;>¦'.•,« ¦ .,>:•
.''Piedmont: 'lot 100x328 ' feet ; the finest 'lot in
Piedmont: the view from this lot can . never b*
obstructed: surrounded by ¦ elegant ¦ residences;
close to ' car line. ;-" ¦ - ¦ : ; ¦ ¦
' Blackstone, Hill; fine modern two-story house
of: 10* rooms;- nearly 1 ; new;' corner", lot;; street'
•work complete:-, owner leaving town;.-. $5500;
° THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.. 1016 Broad-
way. ¦ Oakland; . or room 32, ¦ second floor, Mills
building. San' Francisco.
SmilJRBAK REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY PARK.
Beautiful lots, 50x150 and larger; water, sew-
\ ere and flne roade;' wooded and open; $310 to
, $600; easy terms; one-third of tract already
1 sold.
j COLE TRACT— ROSS VALLEY.
! Lovely new cottage on superbly wooded large
I lot; $3500; easy terms.
i Fine larcc wooded lot adjoining, $700.
! ROSS VALLEY. i '. ,~:
1 $35,000— Grand country estate; finely im-
j proved; a few minutes' walk from Ross sta-
¦ tion; a great bargain.
! *n.000— 7>4 aVres; beautifully timbered; resl-
| dence, stable, etc.; extremely attractive.
SAN RAFAEL.
West End residence? large grounds In flne
ordet; $30,000; very choice.
$12, COO — Beautiful home, and grounds near
Hotel Rafael and broad-gauge depot.
$10.000 — Another lovely home near Hotel Ra-
fael.
< - $10,500 — Still another charming home near
! Hotel Rafael, in Coleroan Addition.
I have flne properties on line of the new
North Shore electric railroad from Sausalito
up to San Rafael. OEO. A. RAYMOND, •
Seventh floor, room 2, Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE WAXTED. ~
WANTED — New. modern, well rented flats In
Noe Valley, San Francisco; $7000 to $10,000;
a bargain will find a cash customer; no
agenti. Address A. P., box 4378, Call office.
WANTED — For cash, nice new modern house
of -7 rooms, San Francisco, with sunny ex-
pofure. Box 4249. Call. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ESTATE.
FIRST COKE. FIRST SERVED.
A Few Bargains Worth Double the Money.
Purchase a Home While the Opportunity Lasts.
$140(V — Buys a fine 5-room cottage; lot 40x150;
marine view; choice neighborhood: sacrificed.
i $1400 — Buys a 5-room cottage and large lot;
foreclosure. - ;-'¦;¦
$1500—5 rooms and bath; 2-story Colonial
house; a bargain.
$1COO — 6 rooms and bath; 2-story house; lot
25x146; modern.
$2250 — Buys a new Colonial cottage; lot 40x
100; Chestnut-st. station.
$2450 — 7 rooms and bath; lot 60x150; large
garden, stables, etc.
$2500—6 rooms and bath; Colonial. 2-story
house; lot 42x125.
$2850 — A very desirable cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; lot 50x100; taken under foreclosure.
Call and see us, and be convinced; we are
{ offering the greatest- bargains in Alameda real
; estate. - ALAMEDA LAND CO..
j 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
i Offlce open Sundays and evenings.
$1300 — COTTAGE: of 5 rooms and bath; a snap.
! $1750^ — Fine 5-room cottage; hot and cold
: water; near trains and schools.
> $1750 — S-room house; in fine condition; lot
I £0x150; windmill, etc.
! $2500 — Modern 5-room cottage on the sunny
; side of the street; one of the best buys in
; town. •
; $2750 — Fine 5-room cottage; high base- '
j *nent: lot 50x150: barn, etc
! s:;<XK~. — Modern cottage of 7 rooms; In the j
very best location; 50 ft. lot .
Building lots a specialty; office open Sundays 1
. and evening*. I
HAMMOND & HAMMOND, |
2326 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda. I
FOB sale — Cholc-* lot on Santa Clara ave. and.;
•Sherroan Ft.; new tract; part of an old ee- ;
tate; sreat bargain; will bu?ld to suit; i
t«?nnp. New cottage of 6 rooms on Weber
Et.. lot 50x120; enly $26T>0. '
J. H. YOUNG, Builder,
. 1243 Park St., Alameda.
FURNISHED cottage of 7 rooms and bath; i
: lovely garden: lot 50x150 feet; rent $00. Ad- |
j dress owner, 2251 Clinton ave., Alameda. j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
i ¦
' nERKELEV ItEAL ESTATE.
j S1250 — GOOD 5-room cottage; large lot; plc-
i tureeque.
! S-OOJ — Good 6-room cottace; near univer-
sity.
$2400 — Nice 6-room house; nearly . new;
uood barrain.
$3200 — Very nloe new 0-room house; in
potd location.
! fUOOO — Good new 8-room house; large lot;
i neer university.
> $3500 — New well-built «-room house; nice i
! location; near U. C. . ¦ . -]
$.'i75<J — Good 8-room house In a choice loca-
tion; east of Dana, north of Haste.
$4750 — Nice. 12-room i-.onse; nearly new;
close to university. ¦
$5500 — Large 8-room house; nearly new;
fine location; large lot.
$7."XKi — 12-room house: lot 05x120; elegant
J oration; close, to U. C. . ¦
LYMAN ALLEN. j
2120 Center st. Berkeley. j
j $1900 — NEW 5-room cottage; lot 35x123:0; j
street work all done; 2 blocks to train and '
electric cars; $100 down, balance $15 per '
month; why pay rent? W. C. MOHAN & CO. !
$2100— $200 v down, balance $20 per month; new j
e-room cottage., flne mantel and sideboard,
tinted walls, stationary tubs, gas fixtures; !
S-ft basement; 2 ft. concrete foundation: 3
; short blocks to train; lot 46x100. W. C. MO-
I ran &. CO. : :.--:-*-
! $2200 — NEW 7-room cottage; lot 50x140; M
block to cars; on 80 ft. street. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO. - ; -yk;
$12,500 — 10-room house; cost $25,000; can sub-
divide and sell oft $18,000 worth of lots and
still have a beautiful home and the grandest
garden and fruit orchard in Berkeley; to see
is to buy. W. C. MORAK & CO., Lorln Sta-
tion and Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
BERKELEY SNAPs"
$3oO — Lot 40xl35r~street sewered; near school-
house. - - v
$550 — Corner lot, 50x185; street work done' In
front; a snap. 1
$C50 — Lot 40x105; street work done; ft block I
depot; worth $850.
! $750 — Lot 40x100; Rose St.. near Walnut; near
! cars. ¦ • j
! $1250 — Corner lot; on Rose and Oxford; faces '
I •#•: :• south. !
j $1400— Lot on Hllgard ave.; In Scenic Park:
i near college. . " i
! $3000— Sightly corner lot In the Wheeler Tract; i
street work done both sides; 100x110; a
ble mas.
$1550 — Lot on Euclid ave., near college. Call
and see our bargains.
MAY & MORTIMER,
2123 Center st', Berkeley.
NO. 307, $4500— 8-room house; lot 60x185; new;
dining-room finished in oak; plate glass in
windows.
No. 288. $4700 — 11-room house; near uni-
versity grounds; east of Telegraph avenue;
bargain.
No. 306, $4600 — Large rooming-house; close
in town; small cash payment; balance like
rent.
No. 102, $3800 — 7-room house; 2 blocks
from depot; new- south front; special.
S. 8. QUACKENBUS1I,
Opp. 1st National Bank, Berkeley Station.
BEST BARGAINS IN BERKELEY HOMES"
•$1600 — Good cottage house of 5 rooms and
1-tth; high basement; lot 37:6x135; easy terms.
$1800 — Modern cottage of 5- rooms and bath
on flne northwest corner lot; 50x135; cloee to
station, school, etc.; small cash payment.
$1900 — Modern - Colonial cottage of 3 rooms
and reception hall on first floor and 2 rooms
and bath above; only $100 cash and monthly
rent buys this.
$3000 — Fine up to date Colonial house of 8
rooms, bath, large hall, etc. ; lot 50x135, - on
improved street above Ashby ave. ; $500 cosh.
Land in small and large lots all over Berke-
ley. H. D. IRWIN. Lorln Station.
$12,000 — A FINE business corner: 60x110; rents
for $8.1 monthly. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station. -.
$900— A 60-FOOT lot in the HUlegass Tract; '
street work all done. JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
I ONLY f.%500 — 2-story house of 8 rooms; lot
j' 70x185; street work all' done; .near the «ta-
tlon; a bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
AT North Berkeley; houFe of 5 rooms; corner
j lot; only $1400. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
1 IN SOUTHWEST, BERKELEY. ~
, Elegant residence of 10 rooms, .with every
convenience; built for a home regardless of
J expense; plate glass throughout; beautiful
I cri/unds, comprising 5 lots; magnificent view
I from every window; house facasthe end of
j an 80-foot avenue, giving an unobstructed view
I of tbe Golden Gate; bett of reasons for selling;
place cott when everything was cheap $14,000-
I will sell for $8600.
J. R. MacGREGOR, ;
P. O. Building. Golden Gate.
$2300— NEAR Golden Gate Station; new house
of 8 rooms; everything modern and complete-
lot 40x100; south front. J. R. MacGREGOR*
P. O. bldg., Golden Gate. - . ""'.
$250^-EASY terms or liberal discount for
cash; nice modern 2-story house of 8 rooihs
bath, laundry; lot' 40x135 feet; street work
all done; situate between ... telegraph and
College avenues; flne view.:—:
E. J. STEWART A CO.,
1008 Broadway,' Oakland.
$4600 — NEARLY . new and * modern two-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; lot 50x126; on
choice avenue, near university;: Includes ele-
gant furniture; best bargain in : Berkeley; or
would exchange for farm in bay counties. - ¦
$2600 — New. two-rtory; 6 rooms and bath;
lot 40x180; i between Shattuck and ¦ Telegraph
ave., near Ashby: only $500 down."
ROTHERMEL & MERREI—, •
# 507 California et
EMPLOYMENT WAITED— MAtE.
UP-TO-DATE painter and paper-hanger, sin-
gle, will work by the day, week or month for
hotel, property-owner or estate; has all nec-
essary ladders and tools; references as to
ability and integrity. Box 4351. Call office.
SITUATION by middle-aged single. man about
private place; good driver: can milk < cows;
good gardener; raise vegetables. Box 4341.
; Call office. ¦ '
RAILROAD stenographer of several years' ex-
perience desires work at once. Box 4344.
Call office.,
GERMAN man wants work as porter or Jans-
tor; can show A No. 1 city references. 237
Minna St.. In rear, house 14. __________
BARTENDES. experienced in city and country
business, desires uositlon; reference*. Aci-
drets box 4294. Call.
WANTED — By a young man, a position la
wholesale house; 4 years' experience in gen-
eral merchandise; good reference. Address
box 4221. Call. '
WANT situation — Bartender or gamekeeper; no
trlflers. Address 4335. Call office. ¦'
CHINESE boy wants a position to do cooking
In family. Address CHONG WING. 802
Clay st. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement- and
vubscriptlons baa been established at 1094
Valencia st _________________
DE5TIST8^
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market st. Emm*
Spreckels bldgv^-Palnless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other
fillings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. J5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look, nat-
ural and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee tt,
EIGHT -prizes for best crowns,\ plates, bridge*
and fillings; "extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices)
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendant*.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OTarreU st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 8CO Market, eorl
4th. r. T. Flood bldg. : extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extraction, free. 14 50
up; offlce hour*. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sunday*,
\ 9 to 3. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 0 Turk st. cor. M_on—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operator*;
gas given: lady attendant R. C AXt>E_t>
SON. D. P. S-. proprietor and n— — <ar.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 year*; crowns, $3 50; flll_f». BOO
plates. $5. full set; all work palnleis and w_r-
ranted. Chicago Dent— Parlor*. 8* Sixth st.
£EE my new pink ivory plates; see my n»w
unbreakable bridge; both warranted llfitlaM; '
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c Dr. Brown. B4 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkm— P-Uw
less ext. SOc: plat— $8 up; phone Po— 1K8.
PARIS Dental Parlor*. 235 Kearny, eor. Bosh—
Fall set of teeth. $4; crow—. |3; Cl— m. 60a
MEYER. 46 O'FarrBll, late of 6 Turk ¦*.(
crown and bridge work; gas sped-llst.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Oeary St.! expert
workmanship only; reasonable; boot* 10 to e.
SET of teeth without ¦£ plate. DR. H. O.
YOPN-G. 1841 Polk st
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S" SCHOOL." oi^ELDCTRICAI. BNQI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
p: actlcal ; day and night 24 Post st. S. F. ;
catalogue free. -' - •: ' - :
AYRKS' Leading Business College, T23 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping; arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured ; cat. free.
IIEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day an<l night; catalogue free. •
A* — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the unii^rsity. law and medical .
colleges; references, president' Jordan or any
[ Stanford professor. Phelan building.
I A — THE official reportsra of Supreme Court ad>
I vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 OTarreU st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech.«ur~-
vey, assay, cyanide; day.' eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners" and college graduates perfected.
. TARR, expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 303 Larkln st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 11
good positions last week: rapid figures a spe-
i cialty. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcadetny
of Langu—8es.320Post:estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class. $1 month. 1830 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Violin, zither, guitar, banjo, mandolin lessons,
reasonable. W. P. CHAMBERS. 823 Taylor.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. METtKL good
teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTOITa DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— Night olass. 424 Pine «t
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., 8. ».|
founded 1S&T; new SO-page catalogue free.
¦ EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange paper hanging or paintin* for
a wagon. Box 4348. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
FURNISHED or unfurnished; be-utifal oew ••
room flat; all rooms with bay window* moo-
ing on park; sun. all day; 10 minutaa to City
Hall on Halght-st car*. 47 PortoU «t, ear-
ner Duboce Park, first corner we*t Croat
Steiner and Waller sts. ....-¦
CORNER Washington and Lyon; new modern
.flat 8 rocms and bath; latest stylo ftnlah and
decoration; sun all day; fine city and TnfiriTH
view; rent reasonable.
Elegant sunny 7 and 8 room flat*. Jturt ©am-
ple ted; latest Improvements; hall ataads, i*»
verslble windows, seats. 1361-61 MoA_ «t».
A — ELEGANT: brand new; 8 room*, bath, so-
cial halls; 755 to 769 Sixth ere., nr. S—tra.
A— ELEGANT brand-new flat; park Yiew; ft
rooms and bath. 1720 Page st, ne«r Cole.
AN upper flat of 4 room* and b«t_» *38 Te-
hama st.
CASTRO 638 — Elegant modern sunny to» flat.
attic. 8 large rooms; bath; nearly new; $30.
HAYES. 1749, near park — Modern sunny flat.
5 rooms, bath. $20, water tree.
; NICE coxy flat of 4 rooms; stationary was h-
tuba and bath; $18. 1181A Howard st.
SUNNY upper flat G rooms, bath; basement t
yard: S16; no children. 913H Capp *t
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3907— F_t <rt 4 rooms and
bath; rent $14. *
UNION. 2231. near nilmore— New modern up-
per flat 6 rooms; bath; large yard.
WALLER, 1712. near park— Sunny upper flat,
3 rooms; gas; wooden mantels; $11; rear.
$20— MODERN lower flat 4^163 Twentieth «lT.V
near Castro. . . »
KLATj TO LET — PURMSHEO.
FOR Rent — Beautiful 8-room flat In San Jose;
whole cr part or will sell. Inquire at 367
Polk st. S. F.
FOR RENT — 2726 Howard st. furnished flat of
5 rooms and bath; 'piano; $23.
j FURNISHED flat. 4 rooms and bath; sunny
side; rent $25. 132A Fourteenth st
J^P.? ????_ _T_° LET '
A — hlUMKl) list houses to lei; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner residence in Western Addition;
8 rooms, bath, conservatory, grounds, etc.:
rent Ttasonable. Von Rhein R. E. Co!, 513
California st.
ON east side of Taylor, st, near Jackson.
$11— SUNNY h-iusi" of 5 rooms, yard, basement.
• Key at 2128 Geary st.
3 ROOilS and bath; elegantly furnished for
housekeeping;- piano; ; will rent for 3 or 6
months: #4o. Pine .st. - nr.' Powell. Apply
CENTER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st
HOUSES-SUBURBAN— FURNISHED
TO rent — One,. S-room furnished cottage; Cslibv
Meeker. Sonoma County. . Terms, apply R.
R. VAIL. 110 California st.
SUBIRBAV HOUSES. ¦
WELLESLEY Park, near Redwood City; S-
• room modern house, fruit and flower*, for
summer months., MEEK. 909 Mission at'
- OAKLAND , FURJf ISHED HOUSES.
$60—9 ROOMS; 2 or 3 years', lease; adults only;
references. Call between' 10 a. m. and 3
p. m. at 1504 Franklin st, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE .WBSAIX
FUKNITiTre good and cheap this menth. H.
ECRELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh st. Oakland.
Mill Valley- Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL
• MILL VALLEY.
40 Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
i We have subdivided Into lots the finest
property in Mill Valley, known as the SUN-
NYSIDE TRACT. The streets have been
graded and wtTt be sewered and macadam-
ised. The tract commands splendid views
of Mt. Tamalpals and the bay. The North
shore Railroad Is about to expend $1,000,000
to perfect an ideal ferry and electrio line
system. .
Send now for plats and, prices and go and
look at the Pr^ty-^ BROTHERS .
108 Montgomery at..' San Francisco.
S. H. ROBERTS, real estate and Insurance.
Mill Valley, Cal. — Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or year; im-
proved and unimproved property for sale.
EMPLOY»1EXT^JFF1CEJL^
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, coots
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klnoehlta. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Bast help. 411% O'F— Tell St.; teL ~— »t 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Gr»nd Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168;. expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help ;' cook and
waiter. 421 Post QEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 1S5.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 513S.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powall.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED 8_— AXJfl.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes to do second work
and sewing. Please call 8356 Twenty-third
st; no letters or postals answered.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements,
surgical or confinements; ¦ reasonable; refer-
- enc« given. Call or address Ladies' Nurse,
127 Seventh st
RELIABLE woman, good demonstrator. I good
saleswoman, or Would do light position of any
kind. ' Address M., box 4322. Call of flee.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wants laundry
work 2 days each week; $1 50 per day. Ad-
dress MRS. MORRIS. 1251% Mission st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position;
salary reasonable; references. Box 4501. Call.
IS there any respectable employment to be of-
fered refined, worthy woman? Experienced
as cashier, cloak saleswoman, managing
housekeeper. Box 4689, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl; general
. housework; in a small American family; can-
not speak much English. Box 4S94. Call.
SITUATION by a good sewer to work in fac-
tory or take sewing home; four years' expe-
rience in dressmaking. / Box 4693. Call.
A MIDDLE- AGED I woman wishes general
housework; good cook; best references; wages
$20. Apply 425 Tehama st_ -v-\-
HOUSEKEEPER In small family; city or
country; light duties; moderate wages. Box
4684. Call office. ,
WOMAN Wishes to go out by the day; wash-
ing or housecleanlng. Call at 5«J7 Minna st
AN experienced colored woman wishes a posi-
tion as children's nurse. 1713 Green st.
RELIABLE woman wants housework or wash- |
ing by the day; good laundress. Laundress, •
1747 Mission st.
PERMANENT place i wanted by neat and re- '
liable woman to do light housework; salary
$3 per week. Box 4515. Call office.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, wash-
ing or house - cleaning by 'the day. Call or
address MRS. M. E. B., 30 Minna St. , >;-¦.' ;
AMERICAN t woman wants place as house-
keeper or take charge of an invalid. Call at
34 Sixth st. room 5. ¦ . '
TYPEWRITER and copyist wishes - situation;
references. Address box 4316. Call office.
"WOMAN wants work by the day In a family cr
in a laundry; best of references. ."49 Vi Minna.
WOMAN wants work by day. 1532 Oak st,
Alameda. ' .
GERMAN, good piano teacher, wishes pupils;
easy, method; cheap lessons. 216 Golden
Gate ave. . • .
MILLINERT done at ladles' homes; own ma-
.. terial utilized, new furnished; terms mod-
crate. Address box 4695. Call office.* ---
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the week
or month; would care for Invalid; good ref-
erences. Call before 8 p. m.. 892 Geary st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing and 1 house cleaning; $1 50. 5 Kohler
place, .off Green st, bet Kearny and Mont-
gomery; upstairs.
LADY, experienced, educated, desires position
as housekeeping manager in home or insti-
i tutlon: accounts, correspondence, etc; abso-
¦ lutely reliable; references. Box 4384. Call.
| WANTED — Position as housekeeper; no objec-
, tion to children. E. H., 17 Grant ave.
WELL-BRED young lady, with high school
education, wishes position as companion to
either lady or grown child; speaks several
languages; experienced traveler; best refer-
ences. Box 4377. Call office.
POSITION— By a plain German, with 2 young
girls, with a good religious family in the
country, for cooking and general housework;
! near a school only; no others need apply; no
malls. 132 Fourth st, room 9, second floor.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; perfect fit guar-
anteed;. terms reasonable. 769 McAllister st
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night; $1 50
to $4 -week; convenient and respectable; tr«»
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch -office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE .
A CAPABLE professional gardener, German,
single, seeks position on first-class private
place; thoroughly experienced in all branches,
including orchard and fruit culture, land-
scape work; exceptional references; now em-
ployed at a State Institution; satisfactory
reasons for leaving. ' Z. W. room 8, Chron- I
lcle building. , r - ¦ •¦ - --•
RESPECTABLE man wants work of any kind; |
city or country; references if required. Box
46»0, Call office.
A . FIRST-CLASS gardener, understands thor-
oughly every branch, can furnish good refer-
ences,' wishes situation on private place; city
or. country. • Gardener, box 4682, Call. ;
MAN and wife, without children, want work In
hotel, resort or private place; city or country:
; housework or laundress; man as porter, care
horses, ganerally useful; wages $45 per
month. Address W. .WOOD. 1227 Folsom st
SITUATION wanted by experienced mechanical
and patent draughtsman. Box 4687. Call.
EXPERT landscape and Jobbing gardener
would like to have some more gardens to lay
. out and take care of near Panhandle; wage3
reasonable; good work guaranteed. Address
Gardener. 2718 McAllister st.
BOOKKEEPER and typewriter; age 22: like
. position in or out of city; prefer lurrTber bust- j
ness. Box 4696. Call office. [
ACCURATE bookkeeper and general office man j
wants any clerical position; shipping, com-
' mission and importing experience; quick and
reliable; ¦ first class city references. Box
I 4301; Call office. . .
GENTLEMAN, aged 30, married, desires posi-
- tlon with large concern; Is thorough cor-
respondent and general office - man; seven
years in last position as purchasing agent -
references. .Box 4502, Call office.:
GOOD bookkeeper with 5 years' experience de-
- sires a position as second bookkeeper or other
office work; references. Box 4567. Call.
COACHMAN and all-around man desires posl-
tlon; references. " Please address C NY-
QUIST, 123 Eddy st. ' '
•FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith wants po-
• ' si tlon. ; city or country. Box • 4338, Call.
BY thorough German gardener, understands
horses cows.' gasoline engine and good driver
Box 4345. Call office. - - .
SITUATION wanted by 'young .man 24 as
driver; understands care of horses Box
466S. Call office. ; ' ¦
A REALLY first-class and complete gardener
with 25 years' : experience of all the various
. branches : of horticulture and . art gardening.
who shows the , best references, wants situ-
ation: private place preferred. Address
t LOUIS KNAUF.St Helena Sanitarium, Cal.
NURSE, masseur, now medical student* ser-
" vices for, board and room. Box 4358 Call '
, . ¦ wo. v,__
OAKLANI) iliVERTlSEMENTS.
¦ --¦'.. . . ¦-.•••¦• - ¦' *i -'¦''-¦
-OAkLaXH IiK.il. ESTATE..
\.OOD\VaRD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. -WATSON & CO., ,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. '
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. .
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON' & CO.,.;..
WOODWARD-. WATSON & : CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,"
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. ~
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. ;.
WOODWARD,' WATSON A CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
/ ' ' • *.' .- ' . : • • — — —
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. \
..FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST- SALE OF THE SEASON. / j
/FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.-
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
. . ¦ ' ' m ~ ,; ' *' t i
SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL SALE.
- SPECIAL SALE. : ,.
SPECIAL SALE. .
SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL SALE. i
SPECIAL SALE. ' j
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.'. i
AT AUCTION. :
.AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
"TALBOT PLACE." .
"TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT PLACE,"
"talbot place,"
;;talbot place,;;
"TALBOT PLACE,"
: / Near San Leandro,
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro,
: Near San ' Leandro,
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902
SATURDAY, MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902..
. , SATURDAY, MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY, . MARCH 29, 1902.
8ATURDAY. MARCH 29. 1902.
At 11 O'Clock a. m. on the Premise*.
We will sell at public auction and to the
highest bidder, the beautiful country home of
Mr. Fred C. Talbot. consisting of 140 acres of j
the very finest fruit and vegetable land — sixty
acres In full bearing- orchard, consisting of
English Walnuts, Orangey Cherries, and all
varieties. .-• ¦ >
BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE.
Thoroughly ' modern, fine stable, superintend-
ent's cottage, milk house, brooder houses, . etc, {
etc.— an ideal country home.
Following the sale of the land and Improve- ;
ments, ' we will also sell all of the personal I
property. WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE— j
Consisting of' elegant, costly household furnish- j
lngf». oil paintings, steel engravings, Decker j
Bros, grand square piano, etc., etc. *. , ;
Carriage ' teams, saddle horses, Shetland !
ponies, carriages and carts, harness, saddles. !
Several flne head of cattle — "Jersey stock."
Send for catalogue for all particulars and
complete, list of property to be sold.
WOODWARD. WATSON ft :» CO., X
¦WOODWARD. WATSON A CO.. ¦,'.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
'. WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO., ,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, ' WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Estate -Auctioneers,
Real Eztate Auctioneers.-
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real .Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
•JKi Broadway. Oakland.
003 Broadway. Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
003 Broadway, Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO., ~" '
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2000 — A bargain; good two-story house of
6 rooms and bath, within five minutes' walk
of City Hall; south of 15th st: flne neighbor-,
hood; • close to schools and churches; small
cash payment; balance on easy terms. \
$3000 — 7-room modern bouse; 5 blocks from !
local train. 1 block from electric cars; lot 40x j
100; fine stable ;. chicken-yard, etc. ; good loca-
tion; flne view.
$3000 — Reduced from. $3500; Jusr completed
.In Linda Vista Terrace; two-story house of 7
rooms and bath; all modern conveniences;
large lot 40x126; nice view; surroundings best I
in the city; one block from electric cars; this
is a bargain; must be cold. -
$3000 — Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath; ]
all modern; sunny side of street; large lot 37 »£ '
xl40 feet;, close In; convenient to Telegraph;
ave. and Grove st: electric car lines. ¦ -
Lots for. sale In the Bateman Tract, . Berke-
ley, In Claremont district; choicest and finest
residence' locality; view superb; climate per-
fect; one block from Telegraph ave. car line;
one block from proposed College ave. car line;
lots 40x120 feet; , street work all done; price
$600; only a limited number of lots at present
prices.
Cheap building lots In the vicinity of > the
terminus of the new Santa Fe Railroad, from
$250 up.
AN OFFER WANTED.
,We-are authorized to sell a certain . piece of
property to the highest bidder. A brief descrip-
tion is hereby given: , House contains 9 rooms,
porcelain bath; all modern improvements; fine
high basement all finished oil;- about 6 years
old and as good as new;. large lot; house very
sunny; . excellent exposure on ¦ either side;
cement sidewalks; ; nice lawn; pretty, back
yard; 8 minutes' walk' to Broadway; 4 min-
utes" walk to Market st. station; near churches,
schools;. would readily rent for $45 per month.
Owner must go to San Francisco; first reason-
able offer will be accepted. -
HERE IS A SNAP.
$500- r Cheapest . lot" in > Oakland; offered for
half the price owner paid 'for it; 51 feet front
by 100 feet. in depth; must be sold this week.
Call. Immediately. ,•" 0 - . - \
$3500 — Two-story . modern . house, Just com-
pleted; 7 large commodious rooms; splendid
.workmanshlp; r best of architecture; nicely fin-
ished. in natural wood; .lot" 40 feet front: street
work' all done; very centrally located; easy
terms can be arra nged. Bfc<Wys_BmBtLiiyanJj<rte)
; •'¦ E. J. STEWART & CO., .
__ 1008 Broadway, Oakland. ;
$3850— ACTUAL VALUE "1^4500. ~~~
Brand new colonial house ; ; open and nickel
•,. plumbing; 7 rooms- and > bath; ,. driveway,
lawn;. an Heal home; a No. 1 location; con-
venient to business center, . cars. . schools, etc.;
only $1000 cash, balance , on * mortgage. - >.
':<¦:¦¦ . J. S. MYERS.
'/.. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2750— ORIGINAL COST $4300. ,.,-.-
: -2 flats, 5 room and bath each, near Market-
• st. station, Business - center and local train;
- always rented; a good Income; a splendid in-
• vestment; seeing ¦¦ Is - believing; call early.';
• •••¦•*- • •", J. S.. MYERS, r
¦¦¦..'¦¦¦.' . 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$1650— TWO COTTAGES. -" -' ' -
3: rooms each; larger lot; well rented; near
local station, busineBB center, etc.; land alone
¦ worth the money ; first come ¦ first served ; ¦ my '¦
instructions are - to . sell, > or rather - give it
away at this price." J.S.MYERS.
¦ : ¦ . 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL new 9-room house on choice cor-
. ; ner : In ; East ; Oakland ; " Just completed ; ¦ large
lof; 'close; to schools,^ churches, car. lines and
Kthtion: price and % terms reasonable. ".. B. >H.
WELCH & CO., 5th ave. and ; EX 18th st ,
I OAKLAND 1 DYE RTISE MENTS.
OAKLA XD REAL-ESTATE, '
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Offices 460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
INVESTMENT.
$30.000 — Bargain; 2-story buildings. 100-foot
frontage on main street, where property re-
cently sold for $400 per foot.
$20.000— Cheap to-day at $25,000; some Hay
will be worth $50,000 to $100,000; business ab-
solutely compelled to center around, ' as is now
evident; paying. 0 per cent now; safer than any
savings bank and paying more; likely to be ad-
vanced any. day; special reasons for not giving
location.. •
$12,600 — A subdivision of lots fronting car
line; choicely located near Berkeley; only about
$7 50 foot; can.be sold at great profit; a spe-
cial bargain.
f • - .RESIDENCES.
$22,000 — A magnificent Piedmont home, re-
plete with all modern conveniences; possessing
advantages of near remoteness and accessible
seclusion. ¦ ' •
$2u,0C0- — Handsome new home, completely
and elegantly furnished; selling on account de-
parture.
$12,500— A special sacrifice of magnificent
modern residence in suburbs of and in city
limits of Berkeley, with 5 acres , choicest
grounds; handsome 10-room home; cost $25,000;
must ' be sold. • .
$18,500— Lakeside district; - elegant 12-room
modern home; grounds 100x150. .
$7000 — Linda Vista; prettiest 8-room resi-
dence ; ¦. - extraordinarily complete;- large lot,
•table and grandly situated lor neighbors and
View. ; ¦¦¦-.-¦
. $4500 and $4000 each— No reasonable offer
refused over present flat . loans of $3000 and
$3500 on each; 2 new Colonial 2-story, 8 rooms;
Flemish oak finish dining-room; never occu-
pied; fronts Telegraph ave.; see immediately;
choicest neighborhood; a pick-up.
$4000 .(mortgage $3100) — Elghth-st residence,
recently modernized; 9 rooms; porcelain bath;
60 feet; quick offer wanted; flne home.
$3500 — High-class private boarding-house;
elegant furniture; central location; Income $050
per month; rent nominal; Investigate if mean
business. . ¦ ¦
$3500 — New. elegant 7-room Colonial; porce-
lain bath, open plumbing, cemented basement;
lot 40x100; corner Grove st.
$31(H) — Right downtown; Oak station, north
of Seventh St.; flne new 2-story Colonial, 6
rooms- Just received this week.
$1750 — Store and flat; business location near
terminus Qf Santa Fe road; bargain.
$1760 — Splendid C-room house; poultry-house,
barn, orchard; lot 150x140; snap; East Oak-
land, i
$2600 — Colonikr house, 8' rooms, bath; barn;
terraced lot, 60x150; north side; choice loca-
tion. East Oakland. ¦ , .
$1S5O — Must sell: mortgage $1400 can remain;
make offer; 'splendid 0-room and bath cottage
at Clinton station; bargain.
$1350 — Special bargain; 13th and Peralta; 2-
story house, C rooms; in good order.
$ . ' LOTS.
$2000— Snap; near 32d and Telegraph'; 00x123;
an extra choice lot.
$2250— Linda . Vista terrace; 70x160; choice;
adjoining lot sold at $60 per foot
$4000 — Reduced from $6000; Linda Vista cor-
ner. 100x126; grandly situated..
$52 50 foot — Telegraph-ave. corner; y beauti-
fully situated; large frontage and depth; flne
for flats.
$5000 — Foreclosure; snap; 200 feat frontage;
close In; worth to-day $10,000.
.$1050 — 10th ave.; snap; 50x150; adjoining and
opposite property held $40 foot; mortgage $800.
BERKELEY. BERKELEY. BERKELEY.
W« have secured an exclusive contract for
the I sale of absolutely the choicest residence
property in Berkeley, opposite and adjoining
Its finest homes, fronting Telegraph, Bancroft
and Durant aves.; prices $45 per foot and up-
ward. . r
; s.. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.. ? .:
Main of flees, 460 and 462 Eighth st.
_. . ' . ; - ' ¦ . Oakland.
BARGAINS RECEIVED THIS WEEK.
BARGAINS RECEIVED THIS WEEK.
BARGAINS RECEIVED THIS WEEK.
$1850 — Bargain ;• 40th St., between Grove and
Telegraph; proposed crosstown route of new
ferry eyatem; neat 6-room house; lot 40 feet
$1500— Snap; Oakland ave.: 100-foot lot;
fronts car line; opposite Senator Perkins*.
$2500— Telegraph ave., near 40th st; If cross-
town on 40th st. is built this-lot 55x120, with
6-room cottage, will double in value.
$3300 — Adeline station; new up-to-date 7-
room: porcelain bath; 35x125; choice home. j
$2S50 — 4 acres and small cozy house; all In I
fruit; nicely situated In Elmhurst; land worth I
price.
$850 cash— Lot 160x132; Park St.. near Dwln-
elle, Berkeley; near Santa Fe Railroad.
$1250— Cheap home; bargain; North Oakland.
n<ar proposed Santa Fe terminus; lot 83x115; !
4-room house, barn, well; street macadamized. !
$750 — North Oakland home; bargain; near '
new railroad terminus; cheap; house 6 rooms-
lot 25x133; street macadamized.
$4000 — Snap; Income central business corner;
50 feet; rents $36 month; heirs anxious to close
estate; only 2 blocks of Broadway.
$:i000— Rents $36 month; 3 modern bay-win-
dow 5-room cottages; complete; genuine bar-
gains.' ' .
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
GEO. W. AUSTIN, -' -
460 TENTH ST.; OAKLAND.
flOOO— Cozy cottage of 5 rooms; hot and cold
water; hall; porcelain sink, etc. ; newly paint-
ed and papered; sunny side; street work and
walks complete; near cars and school; terms
if desired; 1743 Filbert st, near Twenty-sixth'-
go and see it; owner will be there.
$250 in all — Lot on Twenty-eighth st. ; sunny
side and street work all done; west of San
Pablo ave.
In Piedmont— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
walking distance of down town; one block to
cars; monthly payments if desired, v.; ¦
Bank sale — Monthly payments to suit you;
small cash payments; 6 rooms: all modern;
short walk from Adeline station: total. $2400.
$3750— Owner away; a genuine snap; a per-
fect little gem of a home; 7 rooms; porcelain
bath, etc. ; lawn; stone walks, etc.; choice lo-
cation; strictly resldental; $1000 cash will do-
could not be built nicer.
$5000 — Owner in New York; four flats, 5 and
6 rooms each; sunny frontage; within walk of
local station ; pays over 11- per cent per an-
num. • .
j. $12,500-^-One of the finest residences in Oak-
land; containing 11 rooms; thoroughly modern
and In first-class condition throughout; heater;
8 laree mantels; large reception hall; north
corner, 100x120 feet; sunny all day; choice
home property and very suitable for a site for
elegant flats; would bring big. rentals; pres-
ent Improvements rent for $720 per year; • only
a few blocks from Broadway, In the very best
part of town.,' y
\ GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
V - 460 Tenth St., Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. ' • N rrV";>
• Pretty homes, new and modern, B to 8 rooms
with every convenience; latest style plumb-
Ing; lots 40 feet front (or. more. If desired);
lawns, stone walk and street work com-
plete ; moderate prices and easy terms ; vacant
40-foot lots; $800 to $1000; very desirable In
every respect; near schools and churches and
two electric lines;- Merrimac or Twenty-
eighth st., T between Telegraph ave. . and
Grove st. ' See W. HARRIS on the premises !
or GEO..W. AUSTIN. 460 Tenth st, Oakland. ;
__________ _ _ ..„ _
'-*'-.; -467 Ninth st, Oakland, Cal.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE,
$2,500— House of, 8 rooms; and bath; on 30th
St., near Grove; lot 25x140.
$2,600— Store and flat of « rooms on Tele-
graph ave., near 23d st. ; lot 25x75. .
•$6,500— Store, flat and cottage on San- Pablo
ave., near 25th st. ; lot 76x70.
: $2,600 — Cottage of ¦ 7 rooms and bath; Syca-
more st., near Grove; lot 30x100 "•
$4.000— TWo-story house of 9 rooms and bath-
3tst st, nr. Telegraph ave. ; lot 50x140
$1,600 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; West
Myrtle st, near 28th \: lot 37:6x125
$5,800— 2-story house of . 10 rooms and bath-
stable;, 14th st, near Filbert; lot 42:6
$4,250 — 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath-
Magnolia st.' near 14th; lot 40x128 '
• $1,000— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath- Kirk-
< ham st, near 10th; lot 25x130.
$2,800— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath: Myrtle
st, near 12th; lot 40x125.
$1,850 — New cottage of 6 rooms and bath; 59th 1
->•'•».¦> st.', near Occidental; lot 60x135.
$2,100— New 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; 60th st, near Occidental; lot 42
¦ ¦, xl35. * „
$2,800 — 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath-
• 30th st, near Grove; lot^ 53x122
$3,500— New 2-story house of 8 rooms and
¦ ' ... bath ;: Oakland ave., t near Santa Clara
'."ave. ;. lot .80x150.
$5,500 — 2-story double .house -of 14' rooms-
rents for, $52; Shattutk ave., near
.'Channlnf way; lot 50x105.
$10,000— 2-story, house of 12 rooms; Bancroft
way, : near Shattuck ave. ; lot \ 75x137.
and lot 25x65. . .
I $4,000— 2-story houses of 7 i rooms and bath;
Grove st, near Channing way; lot 37-6
xl20. - .-.--. . ¦ .
A. J. SNYDER.
467 Ninth st.,. Oakland, Cal.
. Bargains In Real Estate.
A FINE all modern 6-room "lower flat for rent
/ at 119 Eighth St., opposite the park; key 121
Eighth" st. , ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
. . Oakland; phone- Main 10./.
$1750.— 1^4 ACRES,' small * house, etc, at a
.snap; oorners on 2 streets; good' location, to
cut Into, lots for sale; .between -Oakland and
Berkeley; 1 apply 'quickly.: ALDEN CO.,^1118
1 Broadway, Oakland:
$C 50 'MONTHLY — Finely, equipped ' chicken
ranch,. 2 acres;. rich soil; plenty good water:
\ large > broodery: t 3 . brooders . and , number . of
•"chicken houses ;; modern Incubator; bone mill
••• and meat grinder; fencing and garden tools;
"^475 chickens, 5 ducks, 1 cow ;¦ price $500; th*
land can be had at a bargain; close to steam
and electric cars, also model school;; see this
at once: time limited; call or send for 'cir-
•' cular. 455 >- Seventh , at., ¦ opposite • Broadway
,-,. station, Oakland; carriage free. \ ¦ i . ....
WANTED — Contractor I to ': build ' flats -? in this
¦ city and take a lot In Oakland as part pay-
ment. .Box CCall branch. 800 Hayes st.;.
CHEAPEST: and best in America — The Weekly
. . Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year, for $1.THE SA^ T^
39
¦ > _•;-•-• .^ stocks akd bonds.
Joseph b. toplitz. "" :":'¦".
. Rooms 0 and 10, 330 Pine Street,
OFFERS FOR SALE - r ' -
500 . Shares Each , (or part) of the 3 Following
¦ - - ¦ :•'¦ 'Stocks: :< ¦ ; r " ¦ ,-¦-.
ABBEY (Mount Olivet Cemetery)
' ;•;- At $1.50 Per Share. /.
Now .on' Paying Basis. . Good . Investment.
SANITARY REDUCTION WORKS
¦ . ¦ ' At |1.50 Per Share.
Has a fifty years', franchise: -owns land and.
improvements worth $200,000; big earnings and
steadily Increasing;, cheap. • ¦ . -
.- - » - ACME MAGNETIC TRACTION : CO. ; ; •
•••• At 35. Cents Per Share. .
Patent for -use of street railroads; great sav-
ing in power; a big speculation.
STANDARD ROCK OIL COMPANY
¦¦ ¦ * .. At 50 Cents Per Share. ' ;- ."
- Has large asphalt beds In Santa Clara Coun-
ty; is now enlarging refinery; office -price of
Stock is $11- ¦-,- ••'¦: - .. •¦ -,.;
¦", v AND IS READY TO BUY ,
Shares of Central Eureka Mining Company. •
Shares of Champion Mining Company.
Shares of Standard Consolidated Mining Co.'
Shares of White Swan (Limited). : ' .
Shares of Dabney OH Company. . "• : . '
Shares of Independence Oil Company.
Shares of Monarch Oil. Company. : ¦ . • .
And many other stocks traded in thts market.
"-' Address JOSEPH P. TOPLITZ,
V. > . . , • 330 Pine street. ' :
:'¦--. - 'San Francisco. Cal.
STORAGE AND .WAREHOUSES. 1
p7E^C^^D^lpH~s7o^gT^nT^oTlnT^o!7
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS5.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.;. 030 Market St.:
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.. . . ¦
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
. THEOSOPHICAL LITERATURE: '
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly). The
' New Century (weekly); write for simply
. copies and book list to The Theosophlcal
Publishing- Company, International • Head-
; quarters of Universal Brotherhood and Theo-
sopHical Society, Point : Loma, ¦ Cal. •-.
TYPEWRITERS AND | SUPPLIES.
OBBA^TBARGAINS IN^^PEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money 1 than any
house in the city: rentals $3. The Typewritir
. Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
>¦ typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209Sansome.
' MARRIAGE LICENSES.
S Tha following marriage ¦ licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦ ' ', ¦ -¦¦¦;¦ ' ,' ¦.'¦.'¦
Henry. A; P. Wroblorf, 27. 4182 Seventeenth
street, and Ida A. Schulze,-20, 2910 Twenty-
first street. ' i', '¦ .-¦ : -' '•
Edmond.J. Treyer, 27, 570 Lombard street,
and Evelyn P. Cuneo, IS, 1807 Dupont street.
Charlie M. Harrelson, 41, Snelling. and
Selma C. Gustafson, 85. 624 Capp street.
Robert W. Smith. 20, Los Angeles, and Rose
C. Ll<?dle,'23. 364 Minna street. ¦••
Willie Campbell, 24, 1600 Van Ness avenue,
and Edna L. Chatman, 10, 4 Sherwood place.
Jeremiah Maly, 26, 514 Howard street, and
MaryE. R»»t, 25. 614 Howard street.
BIRTHS— MABRIA6ES— DEATHS. -
Birth, marriage and death, notices' sent by
mail will not be- Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
cons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DALY— In this city, March 6, 1002, to the
wife of Edward Daly, a son.
GORMAN— In this city, March 21, 1002, to the
wlft of J. E. Gorman, a daughter.
OLYNN— In this city, March 0. 1902. to the
wlf* of John P. Glynn. a daughter. ! '¦ !
HODGKIN8-In this city, March 22, 1002, .to
the wife of \V. M.Hodgkins, a daughter. ',
KEI.LEY— In this dtp. Marrh 20, 1002, to the
wife -of Duron Kelfey, a daughter.,
NELSON— In this city. March 16, 1002, to the
wife of John W. Nelson, a son. > .
SCH AKFER— In this ' city, February 15, 1002,
to thi wife of -Adam Schaefer, a -son.
WILDOANS— In this city. March 17. 1002, to
- the wife of George Wlldcans, • a. son.'- ¦ - r
MARRIED.
APEL— ENGELHARDT— In this city.- March
19. 11)02. by the Rev. J. Fuendellnc. Ferdi-
nand C. Apel and -Hcdwig Engelhardt.
McPHERSON— SHORT — In this city. January
22, 1002. by the Rev. T. C. Clancy. Richard
H. McPherson and Mollle E. Short. ': ¦
OLSEN— LUCAS— In this city, March 23, 1002,
•by the Rev,- J.\ Fuendellng.f Olo/OUen and ¦
•; Bertha" Lucas. - - <-..-¦-.-
SCHOELLERMANN— VAN DER LUBBE^-In
this city. . March 16. 1902. by the Rev.' J.
Fuendellng. Hihrich 'Schoellcrmann of Red-,
ding. Shasta County, Cal., and Metu' Van
der Lubbe of Kan Francisco. " ' . ¦ " ¦¦ ¦* '.
YOUNT— DANIELSON— In ' Honolulu. - March
6, 1802, by theRev. E.-.S. MucMey, Wllmer
• W. Yount of Honolulu-' and Margretta' Dan-
lelson of San .Francisco. ¦' *'¦¦;:¦::.. * .'''...
¦ ,-',¦ r. ¦ V •- -.DIED... .v.-^
Algner. Lucas ¦ ' McBrlde, ' Jane
Barry. Richard J. Maatta.. Lilly S.' V
Brady, PhJUp ' •'¦ ¦ Madero. Charles •'
Baolgalupl, Frank Mallllard.' Cora
Bei-chtold. Mary Martensteln. Daniel
Blssell, Ernest L. Maynard, Gladys E.
: Braunwarth, Wm. • Meininger, Hannah
Casey, Elizabeth M. Morgan. William P.
Collins. George E. Nlssen. CaDt.' E. P.
Dahlen. Mary Otis. John J. .'
Fanning, George W. Phillips, John H.
Harris, Charles N. Randall, Charles* -
Goodrich, Sidney E. Ray, Rosa . '.
Helmholz, Catherine ' Shields, Mary
:Hubbert, Georue S. . Sullivan, Nora -
Huwyler, Jacob j Wolfarth. Margar-
Jackson. Andrew. ethe ., _ . -
Levy, Schewa . Wood. Mary
' McLaughlln. Mar- Zeh. Frederick W.
• : -- earet . _ ' .: - ¦ - , ¦-... ; .
AIGNER — In this city. March 21. 1802, Lucas,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Algner, and
' beloved father of Lizzie, Al vice and Philip
Algner, Mrs. F. Jennings and Mrs. II. Gor-
man, a ' native of. Bavaria; ¦ Germany, aged '
63 years 5 months -and 24 days. ¦ '-. --
•(E~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 914 Illinois street, thence to: St. Tere-
sa's Church for - services. ¦ . Interment ' Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage. ' ¦ ¦
BACIGALtTPI— In'the City and County Hospi-
tal, March 22, 1902, Frank Bacigalupl, a na-
tive of: Italy, aged 64 years. •_ .
BARRY — In this city. March 21, at the Po-
trero;.* Richard J.. beloved husband of Mary
- Barry, and . father of Thomas F. and Joseph
' R. Barry, a native of Clonmall, County Tip-,
perary, Ireland, aged 50 years. A member
of Harmony Alliance No. 15, St. P. A. of A.
¦ - :. t^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral to-day;
, (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,. 836 Illinois street, . Potrero, thence to
St. Teresa's Church for .'services at ' 10
¦ o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
OFFICERS and members, of Harmony AU1-
I ancc No. IB, St. P., A. of A., are requested
' to assemble at 830 Illinois street. . Potrero,
to-day. (Sunday),- at 9 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late brother, Richard J.
Barry. FRANK O'BRIEN. President..
JOSEPH O'BRIEN. Secretary.
BERCHTOLD— 'In this city, March 21, 1902.
Mary Berchtold, a native of Glswll, Switzer-
land, aged. 35- years. - . . .
v . jCTFriends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ' to attend the , funeral to-day
-(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, .from the parlors of
Hermann Metzler, ' 630 Washington street.
. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ... .. ¦
BISSELL— In Alameda; March 22. 1002, Ernest
L. Biasell. son of >W. A. and Anna C. Bisaell.
ajed:16 years. \
- (CTFuneral from the Church of the Ad-
vent,- San 1 Franclfco." Monday. -Notice of,
hour hereafter. ., (. ¦¦ -.. - • ¦ >
BRAUNWARTH— In this city. March 21, 1902.
..William Raymond, beloved son of Samuel
William and Marcella J. Braunwarth. a na-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(£sccessor to 71anna«ran ft Gallagher.* - -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. -
rfSEHAL DIKECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth it., opposite Lincoln 'ScaooL.
.' . -Telephone South 80. . . -
Mt. Olivet Gemetervj
. 'NEAREST THE CITY. \
Office, 916 Market Street.
'-.',.-¦ . Telephone : Bush .: 307. ¦ ' >
JAMBS WcGINN, I
.Formerly with McGinn- Bros., has , opened
new Funeral Parlors at 1 211 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 67G. '
¦ -V *7 - and jofi f th St. .Tel: South ter a 1
. 1 niNERAX DIRECTORS AND EMBALHERS.J
; £ r»n«»r E<rulpm«nt _>t ;. Modarate , Ratjfr , 1
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. IS years manocer for
the United: Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. • with ¦ the . same : company for IS
years; -P. F. Green, late with J. C. 0*Con-
> nor , A ; Co.. « have - opened new Funeral ; Par- ¦
lorn at 1171' Mission street, between Seventh >
* and Eighth. v Telephone j South » 44. ; : .*,;„¦• '
REMOVED! - I
' McGinn bros..
FUNERAL .DIRECTORS and EMBALM'
, E.R8.* to 224 i and 22tt McAllister st (For-
- merly of 31- Eddy wt.' Tel. South 232.)
. RAILWAY TRAVElu
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.'
xialni iviiTriiinl m-« «ln* i«» ttrrlv* •*
MAM T1UNCI5MW. -
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) •
fcKAVC — FJIOM FSBRr/AAT 9, 13C3. — AXSTT*
~:OOa Betiid*. Snisnu. Ehnlra and Ssera- ' "
ineuto -SJ:3-1>
; ":OOa Vaeiiille, AVItUn, Runisej. ........ 1t5*»
' <:SOa M*itiue/,H»ii U»mim. Vallojo. Nsp»,
UalUtKgakmlKauta Kosa 8:23|>
8:0(U DavU, \Vo«i!!ai:iJ, Kulzttts Landiss,
MarjiTllle. «»ro»il!e 7»-V1»
R:OO« Atlautio Kxpresa-Ojrten aad RmI S:S3a
»:«<>* Xiie*. Lathrop. Stockton "s2*F
HiuoaMIus, Wemlpta, Hauford. Visalia, ' .'
rortervillB;. .'....„.-. 4«3*»
8:3«a S'l»*»t* Kxpr-«-l>.kti«. \7illlam» fto* f -
: B«rtlet» Sptlnw). Willous. Red '
¦' - Bluff. Portlmnd. ?tO3»
BtSOA Ban Jim, LiTermoie. Stockton.
, Inrns. •Saorsmeuu*. riacerTiUe,
\ M»rj8tin«. ciiioi. Kail isiuir 4>as»
HiSA a OaUiiali*. Chinese. Honnr*. Tuoltuane 4:2.1*
BsO»a Hajw»nl. Nilssaucl \V*y Sutioni.. lliSa^
' 9iO().v Va!lejo .........; I»t23»
B:OOa Lcn - An««!ea Ezvnrea — Martinez. -
Tracy. l,»thro)«. Htocktoa, Ueretd
Fremo kikI Los Angolea 7i3i»4
. 9i3Oa Vftlli'Jn, :vtarttii<ix!iinl W«» SUklcos 7:XH*
IOiUIia The UreilAiKl Limited— Ogdaa. 1?«D-
Ter, Omalia. CMear* • ">»3»
fl:O(lp Sitcrstiieiilii IMrer HieatnrtT* fllj«O»
St»»r Hmricis, Winters. fiscraninnto,
WooiIIaikI. Kiilirfika - l.iuilluj.
M»r»n»lllr. Orntlllo^ I«j3.1»
ItSOr HaysTftnl. Nllcs and \V»y SUilocs.. . 7:33f
4:U«r Martlnex, Sun lUmnu, Vallvjo.
Nutiit. «)HllninRn. Hittitk Hoik* 9tS3%
4iOUr NI!e«. U*exmor«. Stockton. Loll... 13i«3»
I 4>:«>p Jlaywani. Niiea. MaiL.li>«e, LtTrrmoi* tS:55*
«iaorTbo Owl Umitedi- Fresno. TuUra.
P*li«r«Qol<l. Hangtis for 3ai>t». U»r-
Imra, Ijos AuRnles 8:334
Stoop Port Costa, Tracy. La'-hrop, Stockton 1 0 123*
BidOp M^rtin»z. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno IttSSv
diOUr Harnard, Nile* »ud Sau Jots....... 7>35*
|8:0l»r V»i:eJ»... 11.85*
¦lOUrOriADtal ATalt— Oe<t#n. DeaTer, '
Omaha. St Louis. Obteazo «iS4»
TiOOr Oregon ami California Kjt|»«*a,NKo. \
raiumiti,, . Marjmllle. IJ»<1.1I.ik.
1'ortlHiul. 1'iignt rtimixl and East- »t93%
•¦«'f Sao Tablo. Ti>rt Coata, Mwtlae*
and Wa» 8UUODI Ili254
HiMf Vaiin}.. 7»aay
COAST LINE (Narrow (iange).
(FcutotM/irlUi Street.) _
»i I a A Newurk.t'nii».»« ?iile.HaiiJ<»e,T>>lton. - .
r ' ItniiltlerCreak.HaiitaCiiuandWay
HUUuna t »!»•»
. |*)tl 9r Kewwlr C»ntor»ill«. San Jnaa Kaw
AlmatUo, Fslton. llonltlor Or*»k.
8»nU (Vim and lriacip»l Waf
Station* l«(««4
4ttnr Newark. H«t« Joa«. I^s Gates t»:*"»
•••Sop Hunters' Train— San Jose- sad Wsy
Jj Htatlont.... tt.**»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SiS msCISCQ— Fut of Karkat Street (Slif 8)—
f/:15 »:0O ll:00l.M. l:C3 3:10 S.li'M.
rrimOiIUKD— r»«l*rBiodwaj,— tn-.oo Ja.00 tS:O»
10:0O*.ii. 13:00 8.00 ' t:C3r.w.
COAST LINE (Hrot.l »«•!(•).
(Thlnt and Towiiaeml SU.) %¦
««Ioa Sao Joioand Waj MUUon*...^.... «i4wa
7:«0a Mail J<w« mul Way 3UU.ma.. jSiA**
/7i«»«>* Now Al»raa«n ,. /¦*»!•»
¦lOtfAOoait Lisa Limited — Ran Joeev .
' »;ilr' j. HaMoa*. Bar Lola Ohiapo. ,
8aat» Barbara. Lou Aogelea ud
prlndrallntennedist«fUtiona.... IOi««»
•¦•Oa Na» .)<>«». Tr«* 1'ioo*. HuiiU I'm*.
¦ - - PaoIHa iitoit. Salinm. flsa Lids
Oblipo ami Principal IntermedUu
Hutlmi. * «•¦•»
IOiSOa San Jew and Way Sutltta*.. >tS«A
I IiSOa Mail Jon »>..) Way NUlli.ua »i4«»
»a. «.-»» flan ftlatro, Itedwood. Mer.lo Patk.
ralo Alto. HanUUIara. flan .1«a^
Tr-« PIdou, fUnla linn, Salinas.
Moiitai«7 ami l'aetfle droTS flOitSk
•iSOr Han Jot* and W«y Mtutlom. liRttr
MJl»rf»n.J«i««iul Principal War Mt«llon« ' BiSO*
4iS0r Hnnset Limited— Moodaya, Wedne*>
d%jt, rridajn, for LotAngelea, El
Paao, New Urteana and New York.
:.'~- 'Arri-»e» Sondsjs. Tuesdays sad
Thortdaya l«tt»a
MiOOr San Jum*. Los Oatoa and Prlueipal
War Station. !»!«•»
8t«Or 8anJ<.«e«uil I'riDOlpal WayStatioua •:.'t«r
*i:i»r Hati. Ion* atM Way Stations 7>3«>
JiMr New Orleans Zxprem — Han Lttts
.••.-...:. Obbpo, Santa Barhan, Ltw Ao»
celes. D rnfna. El Paao, New Of
' lean* and E*»l IIit*»
11l«iIrSai) Jogaaqd Way 8tatloti» 7t»»»
A for Moniint. P for A f teruoon.
' ? "niiday exeovtoi 1 Sunday only
. ftatyrdar on!j,_ . / Tuesdays *»iJ > *M!HBto
Santa, Fe
Trains—Daiiy.
Leave- Market-street Ferry Depot,
I Local I Lim'd |6vrl'di Local ¦
I Daily j Daily I Dally Daily -
Lv. Fan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18p:
" Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 0:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15alU:S0p
•• Hanford.. 3:12 p <J:27 p 8:05 a.. ;
" Visalia... 3:3»p... 5:0Oa
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a
. " Kan. City. 2:40 a 7:30 a
-\ Chicago 2:15p 0:U0 p|
a for morning, p tor afternoon.
. 0:00 a. m. train Is. the- California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld- for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second- *
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally. ,
4:20 p. re. la Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at C:Ou p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. ro. dally.
Offlces — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San' Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland^ •¦ ¦ . . . •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Raiasl.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips)
at 1 :S0 and 11:30 p. m. ' _
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:34,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS — 6:10. 7:50, 0:20. 11:10- a. m.;
,12:45. 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extr*
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ....
SUN DATS— S:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4*.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. / __
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 18. 1901J San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- f Week
Days. I days. | Destination \ days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am ' Nova to. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 0:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa ftosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton.
7 -30am ' Windsor. 10:25am
6:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
3-30pm 8:00arn Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pm
5:00pm Kopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah . 7:35pm 6:20pm
7.30am '' ~ 1° : Warn 10 :'23am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3 :30pm 5:00pm 6:20pia
7:30am 8:C0am Sonoma 3 :15am 8:40am
and
6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:0Cpm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8 :00am I 110 :40am 110 :25am
3 ;30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:S5pm| tt:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultan
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyservlUe for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdals
for the Geyser* ; at Hopland ' tor- Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvHle. CarU-
bad Sprints. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, BackaeU's.
ganhedrln Heights. HuUvlile.Orr's Hot Sprlnga.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Weetport. Uaa:,
Wlllits Laytonvllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at >hal£ rates.
Ticket office. 650 market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITINO, B. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. ~ Gen. Pass. Agt.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry • Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- Ti_ua, „ ljiuii-ummm Sun * We «*^
r»*,S— Tn xton >t>9<—^tn<lM~.n.«l ,
fUutOSlco, 821 MiHTrr? pnrn _a «»TT^ii.rr^ fun i
THE WEOOY CALL-
$1 per Year.
' ' _ <d#__B__^^B__HBB____^l~HM^l^ll
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIX&I-C011;
MINNA ¦ 217. near Third— Large sunny; front
. room, furnished for housekeeping; reasonable.
NATOMA, 042i/i, near Seventh— Three ' fur-
. . nished rooms for housekeeping. /; REINGEBE.
O'FARRELL, 131 lower floor, 3 rms.,,
• unfurn.; yard; laundry; $15; phone Scott 80S.
PINE, 1300, cor. Hyde— Sunny basement flat,
• 3 furnished rooms; yard, range, laundry; $15.
POST, 717^Two large pleasant I rooms on
L ; ground floor; two. beds. ¦ .: . . ¦¦> ; ¦> r . ..:.;'
POWELl7~722— 3 sunny j furnished rooms for
housekpg.; reasonable;' small private family;
POWELL, 1005, cor. Clay— 2 sunny rooms, $16;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
SEVENTH. 28 — Two sunny ? furnished rooms
for housekeeping. $16; others, $12, $10. $8.
STOCKTON, 1206— -Single housekeeping rooms
to let, $4, $6, $10; gas and stove.
SUTTER; 428— By April 1, S furnished house-
¦ • keeping roonis; lower. floor. -. ¦ ,
VAN NESS .ave..: 1004— Front parlors 1 unfur-
nlshed; cheap; two furnished rms..- $18:3. $24.
CLASSIFIED- advertisements' and subscriptions
received at: Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ' and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦ Valencia Et.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. aud Uufurn.
A — FREE. list furnished rooms to let; with or
without board;- we save you walking the
streets. Tourist' Renting 5 Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
¦ sunny; 75c day upward.; rates by week or
' month ; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148' Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; • $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day.
week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1420' Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.,' suites, single; also unfurnished.
EUSH,' 724—^Furnished' room for gentleman.
CAPP. G29 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms, | with
alcove. ¦"-,<,.! ¦¦ : - : '¦ ' . '¦ - '¦¦¦'.- '
CLEMENTINA,' 2S7.- second floor — Furnished
room for young girl. ¦ ¦ ¦ 7
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellla. : . cor.' Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO, 703— Chean room for a lady,
with the privilege of the house.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
25c, 91 CO night; $1 50. $6 wk. ; open all night.
FOLSOM, 020— Large '' unfurnished, also fur-
nished, first floor; suitable for family; large
¦ grounds. - - ' ¦ . ¦ , -. '
GEARY, '405' (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated. '
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission —
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single, elevat.
HOWARD. 743— To let. nice furnished "front
room for gentleman; rent $10.
HOWARD, 1258, near Ninth— Newly furnished
sunny room; one or two gentlemen; $8.
LARKIN; 604— Large sunny room,' neatly furn-
ished, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $6. -
LAriKIN, 810>/4 — Sunny front room; gas, bath,
phone; %1 \*v month. , ,y »
LA11KIN. 001A, cor. Oeary— Sunny front room,
nicely furnlthed: light housekeeping; $8.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. CC7, corner Eighth— Newly 'furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1514, near. 11th — Single sunny front
room. H 2. r >; private family. -
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 85c a day up.
NEWLY furnished rooms, with board; 3 mln-
. uteA' walk from Morton or Grand station.
1541 -Central ave.. Alameda. , • • -
OCTAVIA, 1537 — Sunny • rooms; | modern flat:
telephone and other conveniences; board. op-
tlonal. - y ¦*¦¦¦¦ ' '.;-.¦•- V
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
pf flees; elevator, elecv lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 279r-Bay-wlndow room, --first
floor; sunny rooms, $1 50, $2 50 week; house-
keeplng, $10 month. '.. t ¦ ' ¦' ¦¦¦>¦¦
O'FARRELL, 324 — A sunny suite suitable for
physician's offlces or man and wife.
PAGE, 1324-J-Bay-wIndow room' overlooking
Park Pahhgndle .•"'private family, cheap to
right party> : '- ¦ . - \ •• .- ¦'¦ ''- -¦¦' : ' ; ' ¦.
PARTIES' can have' 2 rooms' with- use of
kitchen for ;$8' a- month. 2022 Woolsey St..
Lorln, Berkeley. .-;-' ¦¦¦.-.. • '
PINE, 900 — Sunny,-/ corner,, handsomely ¦ fur-
nished room3 for gentlemen in private family.
PINE. 090 — Sunny rooms, suite or single; In
• new fiat: private family; .gentlemen.
POLK, 455 — 2 or 3'niCely furnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
POLK, 1508 — Small room on top floor, unfur-
nlshed, for lady; cheap. _^
POLK, 1539 — Parties looking for extra nice
rooms please. call; American family. -
POST. 203— Nice ¦ rooms, $1 . 60 to $2 50 per
week; transient. • . ¦ ': •
ROYAL House, 126 Ellts-^-Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, • furnished ¦' suite, $15;"
large rooms, $10,- $8, $6; phone and bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House, . 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or Unfurnished.
TAYLOR. BIS— Largo sunny back parlor; also
.single room. ..¦•-¦ *'
TENTH, 153, upstairs bell — Large sunny bay-
window front room; closet; large.. parlor; $8.
TURK; "210— Sunny, rooms for gentlemen; prl-
vate family. • . '".')¦ '.-¦. •'.¦'"¦ r. . '
TWELFTH, 111 — Large sunny front room, with
alcove; private family; reas.; phone & bath.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny parlor nicely, fur-
nished; grate; gas; bath; near depot. •
Vendome, 1104 Market— Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites." Mrs. V. ,W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ ¦ - > : - - .'
: ROOMS AND BOARD. . u . ;
GUESTS wanted at "House-on-the-HUl, Upper
Fruitvale, Dlmond.' Cal."; IV* hours from San
Francisco; healthful; high living; grand pan-
oramic view; 40-acre flower farm; ..superb
climate; ideal place "for rest, asthmatic and
bronchial troubles; phone Ash 557. '
BEAUTIFUL blrdseye' maple ' room,- elegant
bathroom attached, with board if desired.
.Address 000 Eddy St. ..,;-•
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable ;phone South 829.-
$18 — LARGE front room for "2, separata beds;
central; Spanish family; : table -practice;
phone John 2396. .1021 Washington st.
BOARD and 'room 'for I two gentlemen; good'
table and bath; reasonable. 1044 Ellis st.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— .Select
-family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
GEARY," 849— Nicely furnished ' rooms, with
board; modern flat; couple, $45; single, $20.
JOHNSON. ' The. 605 - i O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
Lambourne. ? 420 Eddy— High-class hotel; furn.
suites and single; steam heat; board optional.
VAN NESS,. 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; flrst-clasa table board.
FULTON, v 25— Room with or without board
-. for, gentleman. ' . » , •
NIARA. - C15 Taylor— Sunny front . and back
suites;- excellent board; terms reasonable.- .
ROOMS AXD UOARD WASTED.
YOUNG lady occupied during the day desires
home in : private family; central location pre-
ferred. Address box 4683, Call office. . ;•• ; : -.
YOUNG man desires board in American fam-
ily. J. -C. ; R:, box 4325, .Call office. "
WANTED— Board and ; room 1 In private family
Box 4320. : Call office.
, ROOMS T "WANTED., ¦.- ,
WANTED — By a gentleman, 2 or 3 'rooms' with
,bath;- Western* Addition; beat > of references
furnished." Box. 4346, Call office. -/- ;
; :'.' C' h special; notices.
BAD ; tenants • ejected , for ; $4 ; . collections made;
city, or- country." >-.i PACIFIC . COLLECTION
:. CO.; 415 -Montgomery.' rooms 0-10;; tel. ' S580.
SEWIKGi MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL . kinds ibouglit,- sold, rented.' ex.," repairing;
.lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
WANTED-^Tallors- to buy. the latest and best
': sewing machine guides. R.C.L«ith, 672 Mission.
ALL kinds bought," sold,' rented;' exchanged; re-
¦•'. pairing ; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144.', 205 4th.':
CLASSIFIED advertisements and I subscriptions
. received 'at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.*
MISCELLAXEOUS- FOR SALE— Con.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slltrhtly damaeed. half
,.. prlc<? - S63 Mission gt.; bet. 1st and 2d ste.
1ST-CLAS8 2d-h.ind modern engines and boilers
bought sold. Kroeh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stotk.
BAKER & HAMILTON. . - - ._
ASK for prices on second-band typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. UULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
NEW home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order: complete; cheap. 1915' Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 398 Mission st
ENGINES Bnd boilers; eecond-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 110 Beale et. .
SAFEF — N»w and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN, SAFE CO.> 417-42.5 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST" and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLAXEOl'S WAXTS.
TIMBER wanted—^A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated so as to have a home market;
will pay Etumpaire or saw by contract. Ad-
dregg box 44S4. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. ' Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
FOUR h. p marine gasoline engine;. must be in
good" order; give particulars. Address box
4666. Call office. . " ;. . . -
I WIL.L, pay g-ood cash prices for old ceal-
fikins; send postal; will call. Box 4337, Call.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthEIectricalWks.,418Turk.
WANTED — Small building to tear down: must
be good, cheap. Address box 4381.' Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical roods. 154 flth «t.: tel. Jessie 2R51.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. C01-C02 Examiner bdg
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates ....
Property Being Held in Trust
• ¦...Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. C01-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)J
£300,000 at 5W and 6 per cent In sumstoeult;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red S024: 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere^
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St., room 3 •
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estate* in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
lnterects, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interest*. corDoratlon loans. Room lrt.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. 0L8EN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near 1
Geary at.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY renoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, «t
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stow. 84'S
Market 1 1.; tel. Main 1C44. Branch 10 Th I rd.
ANY amount on furniture, planom no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMPUY,
20 Montgomery tt., room 7, opp. Lick House.
(500.000 AT <i per cent. In sums to suit in city;
flM.000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortgs. R. J. Mercer & Son, 412 Pine.
ON real e»tate, l«t or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianoi; no removal; any amount; :
lowett rate*. BECKER. 30 Oeary tt.. room 36.
A PRIVATE party loam any amount on furni-
ture, planoa: no removal; low rates: ronfijen-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelsn bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; mon«7
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market ft., room es.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: cenflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory b'.dgj. 301 Jones.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos j
& furniture; no removal. Garthels, 208 Post.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com'.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rrn. 72. 4th flr.
$5 50 PER mouth repays $1000 loan; stop pay-
tog rent. MURDOCH. 514 Pine st. ...
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Kxamlner bldg.
Z% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 0 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
Y Etrtctly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222.Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for. $1,
portage paid. : '
- -MONEY VVAXTED. _ _¦ ¦
WANTED — $15,000 to purchase .valuable prop-
erty; 100 per cent profit guaranteed; gllt-
edged pccurity offered. Box 4330. Call. .
WANTED — $1000; San Mateo real estate; prop-
er interest; no agents. I. I., box 4324, Call.
WANTED — To borrow .«5000 on first mortgage
secured by note. Box 4-342, Call office.
MUSICAL IXSTUUMEXTS.
TO clot,« out a few odd styles of pianos we
have 'marked the prices down very low, and
you can, while they last, secure a very great
discount on some specially good instruments.
Some of them have been sent as sample
The instruments are all right and
as such fully warranted, but as the expense
of rechlpment would be quite a sum, the
factory Is willing to make this sacrifice. . We»
have also the Decker-Wissner and Bau-
melsters In all styles. Payments if you want.
THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO., 769
Market st. ¦ '
ALTHOUGH many seemingly, advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can .
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stslnway dealers,
cor. KJeamy and Rutter stu., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth Ets., Oakland.
A GREAT opportunity — We will rent or sell
&0 new standard high-grade pianos at $3 SO
a month. Some special bargains:
1-Knabe $35 • 2 Chickerlngs $105
1 Sornmer ...$38 . 1 Heine". $235
• 1 Hyde $35 2 Stelnway $265
New second grade. $98 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $2fi up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CUP.TAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price, al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at. regular
' trice: costs you enly 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell ft.; established 1850. •
ARION harp zither; 42 strings; F. Schwarrer;
finely ornamented. In leather-covered, velvet-
lined case: cost $143: for sale at $50. Ad-
drees R. BAUSKE. C55 Pine st.
LUDWIG pianos— Most popular of all. For (ale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 031 Market
*t.. Ean Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano, players. ' ~
AUCTION'. AUCTION! AUCTION!
Everything must go; PIANOS -are selling
like hot cakes for storase, $40 up. WIL-
SON-8 STORAGE. 1710 Market st. :
SOHMER & CO. pianos: Byron Mauzy. pianos;
Lester pianos; Spie'.mann pianos; Cecilian
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308, 310,
312 Pott st.
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand, up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers A Son. -23 5th st.. Ivers & Pond agta.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; beat
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 500. Hayes st.
WE effer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from ¦ $83 'up. ¦: • F. • W.- SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner. Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR planer, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: value* b«*t in. the, city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Beautiful tone hlgh-grado
upright piano; going East. 811 O'Farrell. st.
3 • LEADING pianos, Stelnway, Chickerlng.
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
WANTEIJ — Four good squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY, 310 Post St. ,
2 ELECTRIC self-playing 1 pianos ;' bargains.
BYRON MAUZY. X10 Post st. . "
BARGAIN, great sacrifice;, 2 upright?, nearly*
1 1 new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister.'
HOISES FOR SALE.
NEW house. *<¦ rooms; sun all dar: fine reM-
ienc* difrtrlct; Portola Ft., off Waller.' bet.
Pierce and Steiner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
II£USE^A^^JVAGONS.
A LOT of horse* for tale at Arcade Hor*e
Market. 227 Sixth et.; also buggies, wagon*,
harness. * tc - <"V, c^ on "'«" er r Wednesday
¦t 11 « m- J° HS J - DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY en hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
fng horses of oil prades, elite and style
gahU Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
FOR sale— At a bargain, fine business horse
and buery. See at PETERS' stable 1314
Orove «.. near Devlsadero.'
FOR Bale— Cheap, elepant lady's driving hors*
Can »«> seen.st PETERS' stable. 1314 Grove
st.. nec:r Devisadero.
FOR SALE— Span of bays, 4 and C years: full
FlEters; also buckboard and harness. 22U2
Ean Jose ave.. Alameda. Or 437 Larkin. S? F.
SANTA ROSA Falesyard— Horses, harness ana
buggies bought Hnd'f^fi. r ew stock always
on hand. Ii99 Market «.. corner Eleventh.
SAX Francisco Veterinary College Fourth see-
don beslr.s June O. Catalogue* by applying to
M. L. PAXCOAST. Sec. BIO Golden Gate iv*.
FOR Sale— Young sound, gentle driving and
riding horse. 2018 Pclk et.
Larpest Ftock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. eur-
rey.harnets.work.drivlng horses. ISth&Valencia
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission stl
WANTED— A good phaeton, easv rldiriK rub-
ber tires. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 ' Poet.
SECOND-HAND business buggies; one top
buggy; bargain. 1370 Turk It.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, eingle: also light
cemping wagon for gale cheap. 632 Mission.
PARTNER; half interest livery stable; all new
rigs; account other business. 2125 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The. Weekly
Call. 16 pug**, H nt to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for $1,
pottage paid. '.. '-.; :
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lueterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great euccess: free consulta-
tlon. Room 33. Liebes building. 130 Post st. |
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Xot stolen. March 19. diamond brooch;
route, from Beaver and Castro «ts. to Four-
teenth and Market. Castro oar. transferring
to Powell ; liberal reward.' 1845 Polk at.
SATURDAY, lady's fmall watch. Inlaid with
peexis on bark. Good reward If returned to
room 7. Mercantile Library bldg.. G. G. ave.
LOST — Wednesday, 0 p. m.. on Kearny st.,
front Fherman-Clay's. mink boa; to reward.
Address box 4512. Call office.
LOST— Young St. Bernard dog: reward. 19
Oak st. ¦ r
LOST — Female de*rhound Mack pap, 4 brown
p«w». Liberal reward If returned to 674
William st.. Oakland, near ean Pablo ave.
LOST — £ma31 female pug; answers to name of
"Pucirle." Liberal regard at 3374 17th.
STICK pin, ruby and small diamond; valuable
•s a keepsake; liberal reward if returned to
Call office.
IT will pay to ••Remember" that tb« Caltfor-
nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter tt.. needs old
golfl and silver to make new watch caret.
A WEEKS news foTTcenW— The Weekly Call.
10 pag»». In wrapper for mailing; $1 p»r yosr.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureaa: est. 1SS7: reliable and
fcnndentlsl; »»ts 10c. Mrs. Hertt, 70g EI1H,
MATTKKSSKS AND IMLLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and rterillzed: 'uphol-
»tery; Al carp*t cleaning; honest work cu«r-
anteed. IIOPKE EROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
ft.: tel. Bu«h 421. _^
ISrasc. Iron beds: — tattreues: pillows: window
fhadeg. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
_ _^ . BIEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned rpedal.
let.— Ladle*, all who are tick or In troublt.
consult the epeclallst on female complaint*;
monstrua! fcrcale complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cares, taken; the moft difficult cases treated; ,
have relieved .thousands of most obstinate
<«*«*; tree, confidential advice on all vuejects
of « delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
N'ELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt, op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement:
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell tt.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office, 122S Market st. ; SO years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience In B. F. Ma-
tei-nlty Home. 1KM Market et.. op. 4th; fee low.
WHS. D. ALLEN'. JUS Market— Reliable ladles'
epecialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; materurty home; borne
m confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
DR. ROSEN, ladles* reliable and sincere spe-
dalist. 1OO7V6 Market: avoid delay: $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st-. opposite
Union square: al! diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES A_XP_ MIXIXG.
TACOMA COMPANY r (S^eeiCor^raaon)" snares
¦will make money -for the holder: safest in-
vestment on the coast; properties valuable;
managers successful men; free trip to Tex-
&da Island, B. C, and return; ask for pros-
pectus before price of shares mow 12%c) ad-
vances.
TACO3IA COMPANY shares bought now on
the installment plan will be paid for in time
to participate- In the first dividend in Janu-
ary. 1903. Hundreds of wage-earners are
taking advantage of the present low prices
end liberal terms to acquire a goodly block
* of these shares.-
Tbe Carnegie fortune was made chiefly In
iron and steel. The holders of steel and iron
•hares are to-day among the most prosperous
people in the country-
The TACOMA COMPANY (Steel Corpora-
tion) Is a big iron and steel concern In Wash-
ington with large resources In Iron mines,
rx>el mines, copper-gold mines, lime quarries,
timber lands, etc.. ar.d will do a general min-
ing and smelting business in addition to man-
ufacturing- steel and iron.
Price of- shares is lower now than It will
ever be again. Send at ence for prospectus
and see what is offered.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
Hayward Building, corner California and
Montgomery stg.. San Francisco. CaL
FOR Sale— Half-Interest In a rich placer claim
in the Bluestone mining district. Alaska- all
ready to open this season: party leaving on
the eteamer Portland next month Box
4329. Call of flee.
THE best Email mine in the State; develop»
ment will make a large paying property
rale compulsory. THE INVESTORS' AGEX-
CY, 137 Montgomery et.. S. F., Cal.
FOR SALE— At a bargain; one-fifth Interest In
four valuable placer mining claims; in Casa
<Je Para River region. For particulars ad-
dress A. H. L.. box 4296. Call office. *
MISCLLLA.VEOl'S— FOR SALE.
engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McInT
p_ TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1W-197 Fremont it.
Zb H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
holier complete .'. $.100
40 h. p. Heine 3afety tube boiler j»r)
•40 h. p. Atlas engine 225
3ftx8 f*-et return tubular boiler.. lyt
46x16 return tubular boiler 350
8 h. p. upright boiler 73
jn.cijfi feet water pipe, all sizes; belting till
you cant rest. H. fi. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
A — BUYS, eells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gine*, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleyi,
etc. WH ITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
B>3 fixtures- big stock; Installments; billiard
ana pool table*: ea*y terms or rented. Th«.
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
C1GAUS at lrss than auction prices; reliable
Kuod»: money back If not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO.. 209 Battery st.. San Francisco.
SEALSKIN euitable for 26 or 88 bust; elegant
quality; condition finest; coet originally $2-j,
fcr f 100 cash. Box 3893. Call of nee.
SEALSKIN', elegant quality. Just remodeled
end lrn<-<J: wmc 0.* new; 38 bu«t;'oriirinBl eo*t
$250; for flOO ra«h. Box A. B. C, Call offle.
yOR sale— To be removed Immediately; a mod-
ern S-rocm house in good condition; open
tor insjK-ctlcn. 2312 Stciner St. '
A— $3 60 DERB? and Fedora haw. «1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
J-JNE suite. $10; dresa pants. $2 76.' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for *ale lor *05. Port-
land Lean Office. 25 Stockton «t. ,
ALMOST new Waltz safe, cost *160. at half
f»rlc«. J008 Waehington et., Oakland.
. KIRST -CLASS rlty route on evening paper for
¦ eale; party going Ea«. Box 4CU2, CaJl.
TJIEUCH plate mirror, elegantly framed, 9x5
feet. May be eeen at 9 Beale «t.
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired frors
busicet*. I
MUSICAL jSSTRUMEJiTS— Con. _
ELEGANT $550 upright piano; handsome case |
and tone; must- sell account sickness. - SI 1 (
O^Farrell st. , " . '
SUPERIOR violins, zithers! old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pldlce.;
'offices and stores to lu r. .
Larre store with basst., front. Clay-Merchant,
above MontKomery; lea-se. • Keys 63« Clay.r.l.
TWO large rooms to. let for office or -light
manufacturing business. 123 Mason BtT^fr'aJsHi
STORE to-let: 418 Larkln st. - ¦ "
_ . OIL.;^ '; ¦¦- '.. __' -'"
FOR sale or exchange — Oil stock; best district;
paid capital $1,000,000: non-assessable. Ad-
dress box 4373. Call office. ¦ -..'..;
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. In. pood order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st. - .
__l\VIXTEhs AXD DECOIIA.TOUS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
KIKST-CLASS work; low rates; Ret flgrures. J\
C. ROMA1NE. .640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
TALMISTRY.
BE sure and' read about ISMAR on page 28
of to-day's paper. ':
MRS E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 14% and 15. The Vendome, 1104 Mar-
ket St.; hours from 0 a., m". to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837. 1 ..
H. JEROME FOSELLI, ecientiflc palmist. 616
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 661.
_V JPERSOXAIiS.
WHAT the people say of DR. MOORE" S Hair
Restorer:
GOQD TEMPLARS' ORPHAN HOME, fji al-
. lejo. CaL, March 4. 1902.
Dr. G.S. Moore, 332 O'Farrell st.; San
Francisco — Dear Doctor: Please send three
bottles of your hair restorer. I have used
two bottles and I find It the best remedy 1 1
have ever used, and I think I have tried al-
most everything 1 have heard of and never
found anything that would stop it from fall-
ing. Your remedy 6topped It .from falling
and I am astonished to see how thick 'the
new hair is all over myhead with the two
bottles. I do not think I will need more than
the present order, but I shall try and keep
some on hand to clean my- scalp with. - My
head never felt to well as now. Yours truly, -
'. GEORGE BUNNER.
Try Dr. Moore's Walnut Stain for gray
and faded hair. Send for circular. Prepara-'
tlons sent to alt parts of the world.' : ;
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
Ing and grow new hair. The Etar Hair Rem-
edy Is superior to all other tonics and restora-
tlver. It Is clean and healthful, Is not gummy
or sticky: no grease, no stain; never falls.
Bold by druggists, hairdressers or our office.
3S5 Geary at.. The Star Remedy Co..
AN ABSOLUTE FACT— ,• ,
Down to the mlnuto tailor made suit. $3!>,
for |20: you mlcht not believe It. but that Is
what t/lir $20 suits will demonstrate' to even
a poor tjudgo of good tailoring. MASTEN,
701 Oeary tt. ¦ • . ¦ ¦
ATTRACTIVE unlmcumbered lady, Independ-
ently wealthy, g-ood character and di»po»l-
tlon. would marry and financially aid home-
loving hunhand. "Constance," room V, 404
Vine. Cincinnati, Ohio. __________
AN elfstnt line of remnants for suits to order,
(16; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pant* free of charge; other suits on Install-
ment*. *1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
¦ t., between Seventh and- Eighth^ '.«¦
MINIATURE Portrait Co., 374 Sutter st.. 8.
F.: photo button* and Jewelry for photog-
raphers cur specialty; prices reduced; valua-
ble premiums each month to every customer;
illustrated catalogue free^ '
WANTED^-A man- posted on Eastern lumber
and chlngle Dullness with (25,000 capital to
purchase a complete shingle and ' finishing
plant on Humboldt Bay. Address N. H.
PINE. Eureka.' Cal. .
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns. -April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
KVANS, Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.6th.
KLECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 B0 per night; $1 60 to $0 per week;
free 'bus. and baggage to and from the ferry.
ECZEMA, dandruff, Itching scalp, falling hair
or prematurely gray hair is a diseased condi-
tion causing - baldness; consultation free.
MRS.. E. R. DUNLAP. 34 Kearny st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also,
chenllle-woye rugs, cilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; 1 selection 300 patterns.
REFINED widow of 29 wishes acquaintance of
"v gentleman of means; object, matrimony; ref-
erences. Box 4332, Call. • . '•
REFINED widow, 28, desires assistance of eld-
erly eentleman of means; object matrimony.
Address box .4300. .Call.
AUTISTIC halrdreselng, any style, 25c;' sham-
pooing, 50c; hair dried In 10 minutes i.manl- '
curing, 25c. G, LEDERER, 123 Stockton, st.
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold; silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones Sought
Et W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St. • ,
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter'
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., ¦ near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Mies C. Dudley, 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market, -
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st. -
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave; send
dime and birthdate. PROF. J. MYERS.
Drawer 704. Chicago.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., .merchant tailors, 115
Kearny st. '...'•-
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332O'Farrell; send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 4S7 Minna st.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter. '
Mrs. Biiggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl- \
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electcic & electrlc-Jlght baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair, to its natural color; (1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLD8TEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 &o!
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
. best corn cure. 25c; all druggists. '
JI'HVSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and plies cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated «uccessfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld, 6 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
102m Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
$10,000 TO $500,000 to invest in good business
properties; residence wanted bet. California,
Jackson, Van Ness. Scott: price about $10 000
ALFRED G. SHEATH. 604 Hayward bldg.
ROOMsTrOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A. FLOOR of 4 beautiful large roonis. with
bath; completely furnished for housekeeping;
hot and cold water; gas; stationary tuba; line
! vie-w; healthy location; in a small- private
family; no children under -15 wanted; rent
reasonable. 4231 Twentieth St., near Castro.
*- ¦ 1 -
CLAY. 1629— 2 nicely furnished rooms; gas and
bath. Call 1528 Polk st. . - : , ¦
FIFTH. 3M— Furnished housekeeping 3 con-
necting rooms, $12; 2, $10. single, $4 up.
GOLDEN, GATE ave., 210— Basement,' 2 sunny
rooms and .kitchen, furnished, $14.- .; :
GOUGH, J15 — Sunny bay. window room; cook-
Ing; closet; .connected;. complete; $13. • :¦
HOWARD,' 1063 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furn. rooms; range; run. water; $9; others. :
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front alcove suite, $20: also
I sunny basement suite; rear yard; laundry. ' .
LARKIN. 716-;-2 sunny furnished housekeep-
Jng rooms.". '¦'¦' ¦ • ¦-.-.',- - -
LARGE nunny, room, furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $1 75 per i.week; - other
sunny rooms, ?1 ; per week. -\ Apply at • shoe
: store, ¦ 503 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d ¦ sts.
tlve of* San Francisco, aged 3 years 5 months-
¦ , and ?4 days.. . ' . . • ¦
BRADY— In this city, March 22. 1802. Philip
Brady, beloved husband of Mary Brady, and
father of Mamie -Brady/ Mrs. Kate Shilling
and Mrs. Emma Heinz, a. native of Ireland,
aged 62 years 6 months and 7 days.
CASEY— In this' city, '- March 2 1. 1802; Eliza-
beth M., beloved wife uf the late Joeeph A.
Casey, and mother of Joseph A." Casey Jr..
a native of Londonderry. : Ireland, aged 41
¦ yeafc - 7 .months and 6 days. ; . *-
COLLINS— In the City and ' County . Hospital.
' March 22. 1902. George E. Collins.' a native
of Iowa, aged 46 years.
DAHLEN— In this city. March 2, '1002. Mary
Dahlen, dearly beloved wife of the late
Charles Dahlen. a nathe.of Germany, aged
,S1 years. . . '
FANNING— In Berkeley. March 21. 190?.
George W. Fanning, beloved nephew of Mrs.
. Sadie de Lorme, a native of . Providence, R.
»I., aged 4.'i years 6 months and 7 days.
icy Funeral service* private to-day (Sun-
day), .at 2. o'clock, at the residence of Mrs.
Sadie de Lorme, Pine street,' North Berkeley.
Interment private. *
GOODRICH— In. this city. March 21. 1902, Sid-
ney Everett Goodrich, beloved husband Ot
Clara Wade Goodrich, a native of Albany,
HARRIS— In thU city, March 17, 1902. Charles
. North Harris, a native of New York. ¦ aged
62 years 6 months and 11 days. A member
of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. .->
, (ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, from Assembly Hall, Pioneer,
. building:. Interment, Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. '. _ • y - -
IIELMIIOLZ— In this city. March 21, 1902.
Catherine, beloved wife of Edward : Helm-
holz. and mother -of Henry Helmholz. a na-
tive of Oldenburg-. Germany. . ased *4 jrearo
9 months and 1 day.
> £7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral" Monday.
1 - March 2*. at 1 o'clock, from the narlors of
H. F. .Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
HUBBERT— In thla city. March 22. 1002.
¦ George S.. beloved son of John and Sarah
Hubbert. and brother of • Walter, ¦ Nathaniel,
Wallace and Willis Hubbert and Mrs. W. BT.
' Hercdon, a native of Kansas, aged 33 years^.
' ET'Rematns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, n 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first. ;
HUWYLER— In this city, March 22. 1902.
Jacob Huwyler. a native of Pennsylvania.
as:ed 49 y»ars.
JACKSON — In Seattle. Wash.. March 16. 1902.
; Andrew Jackson, formerly of San Francisco.
15 years a resident of Seattle, a native of
Alabama, aged 62 years 11 months and d
_ days. . • '¦' - ¦ ¦¦ '
(tyFuneral services will be held at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery on Monday. 1 March 24; at
12 o'clock. ¦
LEVY— In this city. March 20. 1902. at 6:20
p. m:, Schewa Levy, beloved wife ot H. M.
Levy,; and- mother of Mrs. Sol Loeb. a native
of Westphalia, aged GO years 1 month and 17
days. 1 . • ¦ .
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1303 Franklin street. Cremation
. private at Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by spe-
cial train leaving Third and Townsend
street* at 11:45 o'clock.
McBRIDE— In this city. March 22. }902. Jane
-McBrlde. wife of the late Michael McBrlde.
mother of Mrs. Francis Klley. and grand-
mother of Daniel Kiley. a native of Queens
County, Ireland, aged 65 years.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, March 20, 1902.
Margaret McLaughlln, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of the late Charles and Ann McLaughlln,
- loving slater of Mrs. Ann Gallon, and aunt
of James.- Charles. William and Francis Gal-
lon, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
aged 26 ysars.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servfc»s
?o-day (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, at the par-
lors of V'alente, Marlnl & Co.. 1524-Stock-
ton street, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAATTA— In this city, March 22. 1902. Lilly
Sophia, beloved daughter of August H. ami
Beitha S. Maatta. and sister of August Ed-
' win "Johannes, Henry Axel and Watno Maat-
ta, n. native of San Francisco, aged 8 yean
6 months and 3 days.
MADEItO— In ' this city. March 20. 1002.
Charles,, beloved child of Manuet and Mary
Madero, a native of San Francisco, ased 1
year 2 months and - 20 days.
MAILLIARD— In this city.. March 21. 1002.
Cora, daughter of the, late Adolph and Anne
E. Mallllard, a native of Bordentown. N. J.
(New .-York and Bordentown, .N. . J., papers
please copy.) i
MAUTENSTEIN— In Niles, Alameda County,
Cal., March 22, 1902. Daniel Martensteln,
beloved husband of Clara, and father of Clar-
ence. Arthur, Alice and Walter Martensteln,
a native of Indiana, aged 50 years 10 months
and 12 days.
icy Friends- and acquaintances are reapect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
/ (Monday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, near Nllcs.. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery at- Irvlnston. -
MAYNARD— In thts city, March 22. 1902.
Gladys Elizabeth, dearly beloved daughter of
' Frederick ¦ A. and Elizabeth Maynard, -and
beloved sister of Hattie, Hazel, Clarence and
Elmer Maynard. a native of Sai> Francisco,
aged t year 1 monfh find 29 days. ' ' ,
MEININGER— In this city, March 21, 1902.
Hannah, teloved wife of Louis Meininger
and mother of Benpo. Simon, Leo, Carrie,
' Minna and Dora Meininger, a native of Ba-
varia, aged 03 years -7 months and 21 days.
. • C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to "attend the funeral to-day
.(Sunday); at 0:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2604 California street.. Interment at
Home of ¦ Peace Cemetery, by train leaving
' Third- and- Townsend- streets at 11:30 o'clock.
MORGAN— In this city; March 22. 1902, Wil-
liam P.. beloved husband • of Ella W. Mor-
gan, and father of Eleanor, Horace ¦ W. and
Therese Morgan,' .a native of Warren, Conn.,
aged V3 years 10 months and 25 days.
'. E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. ...
NISSEN— In this city, March 22. 1902, Captain
E. P. Nlssen, a native of Denmark, aged Cl
years and 6 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully •¦ Invited ¦• to -: attend • the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from Master Mariners' Hall. 31C
Post street, where 1 services will be . held.
I commencing at 2:30 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O F. CemeterVk . Remains at the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
OTIS— In Redlands, March 20, 1902, John . J..
beloved son of Thomas T. and the late Annie
Otis, and loving brother of Thomas L.. Wll-
11am P.. James F.. Elizabeth I., Ella L., :
Joseph W., France* C. and Annie G. Otis
and Mrs. -William McWilhame. a native .of
New Jersey, aged 26 years 2 months and 20
days. ' . ¦ ' ' .
EJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 - o'clock, fr-Mn" the parlors oJ
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church fsr
services. Interment Holy - Cross Cemetery.
TAMALPAIS Camp No. 427. W. O. W.. are
requested to attend the funeral of our late
¦ neighbor, John J. Otis. .
f." Mcelroy, c. c.
A. G. GILSON. Clerk.
CAMP REINHOLD RICHTER No. 127. Span-
ish-American War Veterans, • are respectfully
. requested to attend the funeral of our late
comrade, John J. Otis, to-day., (Sunday); at
12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. By order s
/ - T. P. O'BRIEN, Commander.
THOMAS COSTELLO. Adjutnat.
PHILLIPS— Drowned March 1. 1002. John H.
, Phillips. . -. . .
RANDALL — In the City and County Hospital,
March 21. 1902, Charles Randall, a native of
New Hampshire', aged 79 years. ;
RAY— In this city. March 22. 1902. at her
residence, 834 Page street. Rosa.- beloved
daughter of A. P. and the late Nora Ray,
' and slater of Charles. 'William Henry and
Emily Ray. a native of 8an Francisco.
SHIELDS— In this city. March 21. 1902, Mary,
beloved wife of Josetih Shields, and mother
i of Rose Mary Shields, a native of County
Limerick, Ireland, aged -37 years 0 months
and tf days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' : invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 707' Clementina street., thence to
'; St. Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this, city, March 22. 1902
Nora, beloved 1 wife Cornelius Sullivan
and. sister of Mrs. B. J. Curtin and Michael
O'Leorx, a native .of Fermoy, County Cork,
• "Ireland, aged 40 years. •
.•» E7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
-*. at the parlors of J..C. O'Connor &.Co., 7<J7
• Mission street.
WOLFARTH— In ' this city, March 20, 1902.
Margarethe, beloved " wife of the late . John
: Wolfarth. devoted mother * of Mrs. . F. Wei-
man, and grandmother of Frank and Emma
"iWelman,' a^ native of Wurtembergr. Oermany,
aged 54 years 7 months and 23- days.
¦ (CTFriends and acquaintances are respeut-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, '1342 Pacific street, between -Hy3e
and • Leavenworth, thenco to German BJ. E.
Church, Broadway, between ' Stockton * and
Powell. - where services wjll be held, com-
mencing at 1- o'clock. - Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery- :.
WOOD— In this city, March 22. '1902. ! Mary
• ' Wocd. beloved wife of W. V. Wood, a native
- of New South '.Wales.'.- '. ¦*-.;•
JZEH— In this city. March : 22. 1902. Frederick
. W. C. Z«h.- beloved father of F. C. Zeh. a
¦ : . native of; Nuremberg. Germany; aged 78 years
2 months and 29. days. A member of Mexi-
can War Veterans. (Cincinnati papers please
.' copy.) * . t
V £7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the. parlors
of H. P. Petersen. 22S McAllister street.- In-
terment. Cypress Lafcn Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
The" family desire to extend their heartfelt
' thanks to their ' friends who ' were so kind
during their sad bereavement. ,--
' t . E. K. ar.d W. MEYER.
-¦::_'¦ EASTER NOVELTIES. '
Jfianahan Florist CO.
POWELL ST. w ~tA»ELUS SSff 505STHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902.
STOCKTON. March 22.— The . prosecution
rested in the G rib We murder case to-day.
:¦¦'.¦ A' poor excuse is a crutch used by crip
pled "\ iov^V^^BBHKKBBHKUKMBBBSSm
SAN JOSE. March 22. — The celebrated Mor
jnon choir gave a short concert from the Court
House steps this morning. 9KH
A second. contest. of the will of. the late
"Judge" George - Hudson," ; who . • died - In
April, 1838, was filed yesterday i by. M." II.
Hudson, a brother of the deceased. Hud
son left an estate worth $15,000 almost en
tirely to Charlotte K. Clarke, iThe'-con
testant alleges that when his brother"ex
ecuted the will he was so much under the
influence of Charlotte K. Clarke that he
was incapable of making a just distribu
tion of his property.
Hudson Files Second Contest.
George. Mosckos. the discharged car
penter of the steamer Ventura; who set
fire to the vessel In a spirit: of revenge
and was convicted by Judge Cabaniss on
a- charge of malicious mischief, appeared
for bentencft yesterday. ' The Judge . sen
tenced hint to five months in the County
Jail, and remarked it was lucky for him
that .he 'was not placed on .trial on a
charse . of arson. . '_ . . .
Mosckos Gets Five Months.
•', Max; Drlnkwa'.der, a' miner, has been
missing since AVashlngton's Birthday, and
foul play. Is ; suspected, as ; he is known to
have. had i motee: than, $300 1 on; his person on
the night , of ; his disappearance. ;" The case
was ' reported • yesterday,' to ) Deputy/.Coro
ncr 'f Charles ' Mechan, by .' a",f rlend ;*of | the
missing; man.- 'Drinkwalder- arrived from
Nevada' February '21 and Blept. that night
at IX ; Ea«t J street./ The v last : seen: on' him
was on the, night: of -February 22, when
John Lelr and Nick '¦ Scherln, employes ! of
,Wieland's brewery,^' left him • at 10, o'clock
in Coogar's '. saloon , corner . of ; Fourth ami
Silver streets.. . AH were ' drunk - at that
time.' The valise ¦ left at 11 East street by
thp , missing man ¦ has ¦ been taken - charge
of by; the police. :'.
Miner Suddenly Disappears.
Daniels.- She canceled a flattering en
gagement with "King; Dodo." which she
was rehearsing, 1 to marry. ...She will retire
from the stage. •
ALAMEDA, March 22.— Ernest L. Bis
eell. 16 years of age, son of W. A. Bis
sell, traffic manager of the Santa Fe
Railroad, was found in a dying condition
early yesterday morning 'in ¦ a bathroom
adjoining his bedroom, in the residence
of Ms lather. 1737 Alameda avenue. Gas
waa escaping from a partly opened jet,
but. according to Doctors G. P. Reynolds
and H. W. Pond, who were called, not in
sufficient quantity to have caused death.
They ascribe his death to heart failure.
He had been treated for a heart affection
for some time.
Young Bissell returned from San Fran
cisco last night, where he attended a
religious meeting. When his father went
to call him this morning be was
found lying in his night clothes, with a
bottle of smelling salts and some half -
Suddenly Succumbs to Affection
. - of the Heart. ,
Son. of Prominent Bailway Official
ERNEST BISSELL FOUND
DYING IN BATHBOOK
Theodore F. Bonnet,; editor of, ..Town
Talk, and Miss '. Helen - Merrill, the well
known actress, were married at Auburn
last Friday and arrived here ¦ last even-
Ing, en: route '- to Southern California for
their honeymoon. . •
The •'¦ happy couple have been' engaged
for several. months and . Bonnet took two
trips to New » York recently to • visit his
iiancte. He- left the i city last .Thursday
evening and met Miss Merrill at Truckee.
Friday afternoon they got off, the train at
Auburn, where ;they. were married In the
presence of "many of their friends from
this city, who. went .up there to. attend the
ceremony.;; "¦ • - :'J .'¦;.- •-¦¦•-¦'• '.--'¦• '.''.:>' ¦ '.' ..-'¦ '-'
, Miss Merrill : was , for some - tirne . the
leading Hoprano at .' the ; Tivbll and , made
a big hit In the ; "Geisha.'.' .-' Bh\ went
East and played ; leading roles for Frank
Merrill ; Married Friday
at Auburn.
Theodore F. Bon net and " Miss Helen
EDITOR OP TOWN TALK? .J;^
AND PBETTY ACTRESS WED
Young Bissell was very tall and of an
athletic temperament, but was never very
strong. He was a student at the Hign
School, but* on account of HI health was
forced to give up his studies. The funeral
will take place from the Church of the
Advent, Jn San Francisco, Monday after
noon. ' . . ' '
burned, matches by his Bide. Coroner
Mehrmann viewed the body and was sat
isfied that natural causes produced his
death. - ¦ . ' ''-'•; •
. The company is known as thePhlllpplhe
Colonization^ Cortpany.. The^ officers are
, As soon as the legislation relating to the
Islands, ;*nowt pending, before Congress, • Is
tlnally.! passed a wholesale'descent 'will La
made upon the islands. It is the expecta
tion ' of the promoters thnt the ' land laws
of the 'United States 'will be applied to
the Islands and 'that', the -thousands lot
acres t, now. Idle • will ; be ' filled with Ameri
can "farmers; and* miners. ',"/' ' ' >
, are being. made by' a number of
local capitalists to take advantage of the
low railroad rates from the East an'd send
a^ number of colonists to Manila. , / The
projectors of the enterprise^ hope .to get
up ¦ a ; rush : to .the islands that will equal
if.* not s eclipse ". the " rush < to the northern
gold * flclds.^QQPQPf^gqM
EffoTt to Direct Traffic : Through.
. This Port.
Local Capitalists Propose to Make an
SEEK TO SE^D COLONISTS \
TO PHILIPPINE /ISLANDS
Which. Are, So Attractive a
Feature of Stow Lake.
A. "W"- Stuart of Norman, Glenn County,
known to his familiars as "Doc"- Stuart,
has made a contribution to Golden Gate
Park which will add to the attractiveness
of the people's playground, especially in
and about Stow Lake. •¦ '
He has tendered the Commissioners
thirty wild geese, including all varieties.
Superintendent McLaren - is .' preparing »
place for them at Stow Loke. . THey will
be held In seml-captivlty r a year, after
which time the donor says' they cannot
bo driven away.' At present they would
not be able to flyrbut they have use of
their feet and could walk. away if they.
were afforded the opportunity. O#
They have been used by VDoc" Stuart
as decoys for 'wild i goose - shooting: in
Glenn County. It la expected they will
increase and multiply in the park, where
all the conditions will favor &*n. '
"Doc" Sttiart Adds to the Wild Fo-wl
PBESENTS WILD GEESE
to p abk commission'
The lack of a direct line to the Islands Is
also feu. as P«? 3en e cr r 9 Ki°k! e tra "*"
Tcrred at Hongkong or Nagasaki.
40
Hole's.
Hole's.
Hole's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hole's.
Hole's.
l^" 0 3^ AUBtomJn!^ "*tf —Now. -Ribbons? —Pretty Wrist Bcl$? — Fancy Stockings? —Jcivelry? \ y^flg \ \ ' '^T^^S ]\
J^^^^ r^^^^SH^^SSB^y- How those question marks make one think of Hale's! A woman turns naturally to a safe woman's store at a N-' / \ \ N^^f s^lfM^ 1
'^4^T/^> J^^^^^S^^^^P^ time like this * Her pride is in her raiman ?* She wants it: t0 be even Pettier than her neighbor's on Easter morning \^ffi\WNj 1 S*h^ / Kr
: :vc^^^M/ These Charming Hats Women's Tailored Suits. \L ]\ !
*\?* Jy Show you how pretty the 'new styles are, as well as suggest the resouces Hale Styles Are Distinctive. V /aXIO \ -
of the Ha!e store ' We can take you as near the edge oi f xci , iisiveness as it>s p ossibie . to g °\ , V^J^sf? / \
V&^^^^Kf^fc\ / Stud y them ' their lineS ' thdr sim P leness ' their effectiveness.. Catch for g^j^f te^ or fiftee^m- even' twenty-five suits of a kind we take fifty and\ \^f J t\
W^^' WI^SM /yourself the enthusiasm of their beauty. See in them a hurt of the daintiness- a hlindred at a ii ck _ihstead of one store it's six we're buying for. The tailor not\ \f M$ fcV \
Jfe^^^^^^^^A and originality that await > r ° u here in boundless variety. We don't know of a place ; only makes t h e m cheaper per suit, but he is glad enough to make them "different" \ / F^s#\
>^^^^^^^^^^"^t2^^^^ in the city where you'll see so many hats— , ;. . . : -.• as long as he sees a six-times-the-ordiriary order a head. \. / \ \fi
M^Sfi^ffi^ More. Than a-Xhousand Ready To=Morrow. ||gg|i|^^^Sp^^iSiSSlli Comm "-\ \ §
e gf tfc'Jd *S?Z£i£-i£S£i&%, t SKSSA-k . They Are French Styles Americanized. \ \ '^J .
** STP '"«'•" That ' 8 wl '. y wA ' e ste P" e * in , to mak f our SUCCeSS "" S SPn " g - HatS '° r "^ °" e ""? occasion ' The hknniest combination we ever had.' They give'the American maiden new' poise, add new' beauty to htP^^gAvk^^
j^^^^^^uy/ mourning bounds. • l' # '. # • T 7 !*' A T T r M developed now by the Yankee dreamer. We'll mention a few in detail: \g&Z \V-*>y
*«m®m%Wy The EaSteP Exhibit HOldS Many INeW I nitlgS IO«/nOrPOW, _ , 07 . 50^ B lack moire sllk. with aGibscn !j;50.0<>-Black Venetian, an extremely stylish Venetian, rolling collar \fL \&P#
lT.^ a -*Si^to^y IXOWEB, TURBANS (one shown above) are very new. The (lowers are massed round the brim with blouse jacket: the tails are slashed to fit the Gibson outfit, with corded blouse black and that runs into a lapel, fancy Du Barry \ l\3^K
V-~3Sl*?~ £^> f o r a ~ e over ( he crown ¦ '\ * "'¦££''¦= ' ' h'P 8 smoothly: the rolling collar, the fancy . white moire vest and white taffeta Jinlns; sleeves, turnback cuffs, collar and reveres r '7r / '
CS/^^' TRICOBITE TUKBANS will be seen tO-morrOW. They've lately Sprung Up. ¦ - „¦ •- ' - \ bishop sleeves have silk, appliqu^ trimming-, pu ff sleeves, bell shaped cuffs with fancy '* faced with moire. V -
¦^IP Some pretty Du Barry Hats will be introduced. It's their new draping that makes them interesting/. Five others you , «^-«« :^* «™^^^^0^! | • t|^ bl ' ta * TL 21 \*ZZ S^.TS-veneUan. w.u, interests coiiarte,, E to\
•^ T will want to see: Z.- -. . , \ ' . . '¦ - headed with black applique; French tucks /^ u^f cuA-es and dSkTof Jacket with a dainty vest, tailor collar. French dlp\
(/ 912.OO— Pompadour hat of horse hair braid, interwoven with pearls, JR17.OO— A creation In white chenille wlt^j three rows of linen colored beads • over the hips, silk drop skirt. ., ¦ stitched peau -de sole. front, circular flounce skirt which has that new sty-\
Ul— mounted on white Maline. draped with Battenberg lace; ;_two Maime form i ng the scalloped rim; white • crepe morning: srlories with soft shades - _ ... n A_ Wo _ 1 4 cn ™ o . Wll : « Vpnetlan cloth "silk llsh flare round the feet. \
/ of blue and green velvet ribbon complete this hat. s • s^^^^^^^ « /v i nv „ \
withplnTand linen colored leaves; ulnk eatin and linen Maline In tiny u . : , .. , . . „ v, , - F^nch point.- front strapped and crossed. jacket, black and blue, military straps in , ?2 2.5O-Stylish Cheviot Suit. Eton jacket, silk llaedX
ruffles form the crown. Under the r!m are small green berries flO.50— Turban, white pleated straw, edged with black velvet, corded ruf- *' lt , molre bands- .bell sleeves; graduating front, shawl collar, two rows of sUk buttons. , r0 ,j cuffs BtUcne ,i satin- bands, flare flounce skirt, new\
Q3S.OO— A draped Du Barry hat trimmed with fine French w J" ea <, h °i pe^" s . fled brim.' crown of many black silk roses at the back white and yellow „" «¦ the moire bands helo to -intensify _stitched peau dc sole trimmings, graduated . . -V ., \
i rhTneitone^ornamlntt t0UCh ° £ V handsome pearl b^ tercups fan gracefully> flnIshe(1 wlt h Jei ornament. ;¦...¦ fhe "^s ; sUk drS j^ J^V flounce, headed 8t > le back - \
Easter Gloves. |«tes§/ Ribbon Offerings Easter Belts . N^^
A bountv of newness and • "" : jMmgT Of Unusual Importance This Ea'ster Week. \Wb#% ;"'""-"^""-"""-"-j Come to-morrow and see the
JPW/style. We're unusually ready to 1 READY, i WmM/ i^ilnv T "•'I' DoubMaoed Salh Libert, Ribbon 25c : regular W^ : READY. | pretty belts and buckles Pans and W^
M' srive vou the elove you want this ! ¦¦¦• • ¦¦§ %WWffl '¦ RfcAD " : -j price 40c. No. 4O r Silk Satin Taffeta 18c. 5000 yards Vvjfey :•• :¦¦•; •: New York are wearing. There are \^^|
Afl W«L. A glove" that will prove satisfactorj'- There's a MW jAll 1 Hat's j so many styles and all so charming one will find^mmsaa!^
Wx goodness to Hale's gloves as -wel 1 as . a style. If there ¦ Uffl , :New : All j «». o/s «i. t/wr V . / / N|§ delight, in choosing. I % ' '_ ' " \!
Y wasxff we couldn't afford to sell thern as close as we do. We " ffi^ . jThat'.S Good.; The very ribbons you want whe n you want them most at aN^ Perhaps the first to catch the eye will be this \|
' get such good gloves we can sell at smaller profits than ordi- ]/ SAV | N q Q P 15c TO "50c *A YARD. No off shades; no, inferior quality, no back patterns. V j)|| Rgpfy Belt— Newest Of TheiH AH. >
nary — sell so many more of them. - ¦ Th^ same clear, pretty ribtsons you'd find in regular stocks. Fine? How could it be finer? Which has tw6 straps of hlac y. silk e]astic belting, studded with cut steel or-
t\tP> inllVin DreSS GlOVe Sl.SO. W e :^saw.this K reat ribbon vo*ue coming long before 'it Avas here. We bVught when no one else was buying- nament for the b^
File. JOUVlll UlCWVJWVV.Vl.3v and.in such quantities as to astonish the makers. 4Y011 know the result. , ~" . ,' ... --K B }gg5 ¦ fSSiFif^de^SlTlJ jtt beaSd B s"l \L afl jlweled " ith turquoise sap-
It's the favorite glove in Paris/for Paris women find in it the height of We flooded the city with Easter ribbons a month ahead of time.. Something women haven t got over talking ) ork ;• • #4.oO P^re; buckles to match.
French art. It's the glove X*\*?^Z ffiJ^ v£&*£ ceSain^olo""^ & Sti " ***" $ — " excitement^-orr O w-and all week For. this isn't a skimpy handful of B1 velvet flasticJelts-Two^rap. S^^^VW^Bg^SOgj^ld la
C or t he a "w-whaTgo^^^^^^ certamcolors but » *^T J • '• W- \-4. Wit 'iWM Steel-Stxxdded Elastic Belts 75c^iv*
They ut ««W atoS : the shape, careful to.usc only selected skins careful XH OH H rf ftf Vfl VCi 1 IT RiO'ht ShaUeS, Biack ' Elastic" * Belts at •L^AjOug inches W ide; dainty mp buckle.
nUUbdnUbUl I.cirU^ III I^I^IIL fe^s^^SSpSffB The New Buckles.
know there are enough careful women who will buy it to maKe it pay inem If you've a ribbon want now's the time to supply it. front. fin 25c-Oxydlzed or gold, good quality met-
Ma^f Two h As ? Piou^wa.bab,, Hfi^J^tgfflSrfSBWffl S^ 3 5 c DouhU-Faced Liberty Satin, Ttibbons. New'WayS to Use Ribbons V £tr4C,^ e V^S lf °" a 'f: 'JA^VTZZtT^ZZZ
P^ .nywhero unto OSc. some folks set «, OUR PRICE. yd.2o£ ™e My E^c °he ribbon As a het» in this To .dd Interest to tfte occasion we will S .U
I A2KA 7 5-l<r, M /41^^*«/--i-a3£k-Pc' ¦ 18c, Silk Satin Taffeta Ribbon. direction .- 5OC and 75C Belts at 25C.
. B°r.y ne*. cn.rn.ing Easter styles.' w M ,e. ca t d toa ,. || n,,e. e}c. OUR prick, yard ....... 18 e %&&£& *"'
/ffiry Even at 1 5 C the» ar e son,e i W l^t* WM R ' bbOltS 2 * C - ' f&&®$ Y '' More Z !^o ot them, perto and styHsh I every way. We .bought such
'¦m&W i "T' 1 "?^ a i n^«v b0 Fi7,er ! READY. : rt «^.^™^ 0 X t^ ri Sffi5?i3iSk a .SrS«'SS. t b. ; i^ Sr,Ve^:.t O o'» a .^^?oftn t 'k%?rl?f t ?r N .h??SS«^ , bis wh, •»* «« «« ™ S.S&S!" .t .3. Such a
handkerchiefs in pretty taster ; , • p rlnted before wove n, giving them a soft, beautiful effect. If a are so real women are even wearing them on the hat-they rare bargain we will not be able to duplicate rnis scasuu.
( f yy pinK and blue and lavender tints, AlSO all linen a Toe ribbon In look*, quality, and style./OUR PRICE, yd.ZOc ' i^^^^ i S^^^^THa t iil tn^Vcoratlng 1 ! ""
'^ / htrr.itltched With embroidered comers and borders, I5C. . Ri£-inrJl'''I'iberiv 'Satin *Rlbb 1IS of lace- dresses, made from little bunches of ribbon roses, are _ . « d # ¦> ; BT 4 •- -fllWWBRilWlP*^
/ oyz. inuii, uwci ly juun j\ivv 11 *.,..., quite attractive. Ar other new way of fixing ribbons Is to \/^^^q^^^^>^ B. \ fii,,r,, ...rKl
/ Hoc— Vil lir.cn. with prettv hemstitching and lace borders, white with A beautiful pure silk ribbon, white grounds, with Berkeley make them look like a bunch of violets-, also worn in differ- W flJD HflB M fl M 1 1 J 1 I S>* \ iBii!lW™WrMJl ''
/ i a Z^A c^i.H , n i n « W i>fi •uL-fiJtP «»mhrmHrrpH ?n such nrettv nattems blue dots; some have heavy stripes. • It's ' a charming, ribbon ent shades; it is a fashionable corsage trimming. Then come f VllBaifi'U ¦ UvJI"Vliv» X fe|i ipnnur^| .
• colored, and solid colors with white, embroidered in suctvpretty .patterns u thg h&t or belt . 0 pretty and so good you the new style bows. WHICH WE ARE TYING FOB, YOU '= C7 ~i_- \ mWHtWwwWMJB .
as fleur-de-lis, bowknots, clover leaves, in Easter tints of blue, pink and wouldbe g i a d to pay 90c for it. OUR P^ICE, yard 3»c 'FREE OF CHARGE. " ' . . -:>>; _ , . . W ;al „ P nr iain ' vtS»^i
lavender. - - '- • - , Emphasized With a Bargain. \S^S^
oOc— All linen, scalloped embroidered | 7.*5c_Linen. hand embroidered, m a r^ a^s i »f SgS -. ¦; f— 5 ¦ \7 * ¦¦. K -> vtjMb&u I "•• : Not onlv one veil, but t\VO cr
b : rd ; r :,,n iu , ,ace w£ vane, o[ Witched and sckuoped EaSter NeCKWeaF. \^^^, i READY, i three or Vou m av even wear fourCT
Among them p.re some beautitul Others with linen centers with hand- /C^^^S^/ •" - Ur^ic nnxvaHavS are put Oil more \ 1/
hand embroidered ones; others with made lace corners and borders. )^^t' <^my Ruffs Espscia// y $1.00, $1.25, $1.50. - . \2^^fmSS| ' J f , t^ rp Thp well \w
fancy drawn work corners. t0 J?o.50. A.beautlful Hne-and ruffs are all the vogue; In that famous Du Barry- play; Mrs.>W&W for. -Style .than the protection of ones »ce. A ne .
*%—r £&ttfl ->er HI 5irinKPf*CnieTS £IL IMC Leslie Carter sometimes wears as many as six of them. The prettiest one is of ribbon— Xi/jVi-i' ;! dressed woman wears at least a face veil ana a nai vcu. x
2^C aUU 35c ildllUKCIUHCl^ ai l^U •¦» named after the play-which can be s-en here in all its beauty, in the ritfbon window. .. {IjTllji j ' aj
Ail new, all psrfect, next season s styles. IIIE/11 - And ot others light, airy. creations of chiffon and malfnt and mousseline fixed up in many Iji Lf ||\- 1| \ it's the GIBSON VEIL that has cap- blue ml 4jff J^j|.\nd a TUMaK) e meshVs
Think of buying these finely, delicately embroidered handkerchiefs, the kind ' W§ 1 1 attractive ways. But yoU must see those at a dollar, the best value we have . M- *«£'! I tured the American maiden's fancy, 50c i dotted, are strongest In black
S^^r^gr*^^ M]k, Auf0m0b ' /eS ' [Turnover Collars. ¦ , Top .Collars IOC. If Ml J^?^ H HereTa noveCone^t n yIb'S 116 — blnatlons - 75 « A »^5Oc.
ones in regular stock. Hosts of exquisite designs In boWknots butterflies and floral j&MM& 50c G5c. 75c. fl.00 fl^5 Dalnty llttle coveri n RS for White Swiss with embroidery S ! 1 AflK C^F°?5' ? h l\" w th fancy fl R - YARD ' ..
effects, including the' new blind stitching?, as well as some charmins Irish point /T^SSSffiS 3 ' 7" T , aff 5 ta " and P« a "^ e * ole ' top 8 of ribbons or collars. edges, in open work and blind : I !: if»\ with Honiton lace border " n J a " c / t „ frmf I rmfl tinfi VeiiinO 1 *^
styl^s. All on fine Swiss-not more than a dozen of a kind. That's why we got \T iJT^nf - 4 fou ' ar il cr crepe de; chine, BO c— Fine lace effect Others stitch - effects ; also ; many ecru . •; | i^ :|P « * ure effects. Another has embroidered ten- 1 irlllClllUIl * tUIU^a
them. That's why It will pay you to have first choosln g -19c. illV ma 5 d wUh Ta'ncy top" Ulta? "r Ven.ce lace 6 with gra^s Venice lace styles. J f '. |Si« nis ball and bat in black and white. nand flne mesn e3. 72 • Inches. *tl
. - J -¦ ' •¦• ¦;- 11 i :n^ y :and th pSS2r%l« in : -. "nenedge. Novelties. V- ISSlIll ?fff n r e l b t ™ ide a nd Vuafes loc TtK yard. Other qual^es at 50c 73c
t~ New Economies^ : " II- -Siip2fiS l^i^BfeS l^ E^f B^Vfoll?Kk ofSSS £*9KS^^ffi^^gS£|
new r.COnomig5 m . ; i| 1\1 colors. .- Btitched .. Battenbenr. ' linen .'^clusters of roses. . (_ ; . * \O-^!gj* the new things, the dots are blacK on one C ; white Point d'Espnt.54 Inches
-=- ~ : i^T ~ m ¦llft'lilffl. i'.-'- ' ¦¦""¦ " shade with embroidered fleur- . ?1.OO— White chiffon bows fgWi side, white on the other, .< uC^OOJO.- »»'- ; lncheg wide 83c.
Sorinir Draoeries • Mm^^j^ MB |pSHiHS§ |sss^^| |g PLEXION ; EIL^fin^r worth ud^7® ;
opi ins H A 1 AW^ • s^^eroriace^ pS|^»SghS stock 4 2sc f o i* Veilings wortn up 10 75c. :
, .,- . - nct roun^on. - ber S ,ace. . . ... - and , bows, w.th ch.gon; ro se8 . £> 75 different patterns all new and styhsh-
J^ * S** " - ¦ - . OMl»*naMBI«^**SBISBBBBBmSBB»*BB«BSBl^MSBSB«BBB^B^^^«^K^^«^^l™"l™^»«^™™*^^™« * v ¦ * « ¦ rT* 1 TT1 *1 W" P T fllQ HOC H3 > C Ivlii blvJ^-JxOj DU IiV WdO V¥ ilUil^
Cottage Curtains. . : ;: f >'•; IX - > - ' - '1~~~-^ *r'' ~~±» ">¦ 'v v^/'» '' ''"'U' '-«\^kl' *^js^ and .during Easter weekl- ine maKw u
dium sized dots on sheer muslin. Quite dainty for the bedchamber. 'f^^ W^ ' W&iMMl Among them arc— - ... ._. hroider . F anC r Gray Mixed Comt)le3don Styles
That ruffle helps to make them still more attractive. &^ WM ' Wm &2m \ Mffik - JMaSml' Fieured Brussels Nets wun emu -Large variety of pretty patterns
this^ Jhje yards ¦ ,Wk W fif^k i^^ M S^^ Brusset^ets with embroidered^ do^
$5 and $5.50 Curtains Are $4.50. lCI — " -^ ! ~ - , • "X V F £1 <£"f" <P fP U flflCliGS
8o pairs altogether, but 3 to S Pairs of a pattern— that's why we've re- _ /V5 *TI 7 l\Ti3k^li7' E Q iJ'f A^ "$T <T\ C Lr t tt (W €2 i—O^'L'C'B VW , xffWiMji^
iviaoy rNew easier * : \^&$£&&8ki£;*a*.»*.
useful, curtains. _ It is not : oft«l you have an opportunity to save ; ' t . „_ -, „
money on Irish Point curtains. : T\C? \ TW7 "¦ , , , ¦ , • i • Mir » u i 1 i- Z> y . j tT^"! a a A**\<m* something new— 25c, 35c. 50c NQjViiAj)
Window Shades 30c. • : RtAUY;.. ¦ let anyone get ahead of us m stockings. We 've shown our. leadership more D«corated Eggs— odd des.gns, somemmg , \7\g«L
1200 opaque window shades, i yard wide, 7 feet lqnjr, best shades water- :....•••••• A....::. : clearly this season than ever. \- ' _ PaSoramk Eggs— all co'stallized— 5c, 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c, \Jk&
• lraM##M^|t^SMi^ 1 -The : Styles : Are Original, Dainty/ Winning. : i S^^^^^kM
Cottage Rods 25C. - W hat can be niore bewitchinc: than these colored embroidered. dots here and there on the black instep, some- EST fec ) imitat small I Bird Eggs— assorted, 25c lb. Egg-Shaped Candy \jp
White, fluted ones fi-inch. in diameter, s feet long, with brackets and. times stripes; again rinf?s or small •figvres— quiet, but dignified. Lisle or cotton— 50c, 75c and $1.00. , ?> Oc dozen. P . decorated, can be filled with Easter candy. 35c and "
dainty white ends;V soo selling now at 25c. .'.>... .Then we are making quite a feature" of SILK STOCTKHiaS at this time. Plain black, $2.00; Richelieu ribbed. Boxes— handsomely aecu ,
«- : ; — — — t $2.25; black and lace; ankles. $2.75; an-over open work/ $4.5o'and $5.00. ' - • ' • 5Oc each. gssr JZ&7
fKxr j*r%37 O- : — 7-^T—O But of the lisle and cotton ones: '-. • .. . . . ; O— — ? /^/\JW/ /£// t&i
r£& f£Ji Jf**/ ' //¥/ (S) ¦« Market bt., -iOc-Almost SO new styles, lisle thread stocklngrs, with col- Sl'.OO-20 styles, silk .vertical stripes In orange, red, -white Market Ol'J /M/ X££°!k\ i^sC^
£S$ /ML^mZ^^ Near 6th, ™* sllk ****}*'**" frOn !% Oth 7 nb t t ( h k f r p n f y h!T' "^ • ?2reJt° if^rman produc- Ne3P 6tH, (^M* <S^> >W^ <JB0
iFW/m/&8Myf$$^W^ x *ma^ A , . .V* FtStch/as well as many new designs, In black, red, blue, white ' ¦*{&*£ chief of which- are the lace open work, with white r* r«Mon /M AW/ >
/fiW fMif *» c ** =^ 7**=*^ ' UPP» uOlden and bronze lace effects. ¦ -' 1. serpentine stripes; many new deslgna In black lace effects UOO. vlUiUCII /$w * —^-V^» — *^v
f&Jf j ' ~~ "^J r k "'¦'}¦ '""•'"¦'¦ ' . Si.oO— 25 new styles, hlnck and white novelties; others with f *n. A*/» Jsr*( (JffiStfb&i GOQIP^.^^
ffrXS _^*^ (3ttftot% (ZfyGDS**^^ \7flte AVC I rnc—So stvles, with colored sllk embroidered Insteps, as well fancy lace Insteps, atrlped tops; others with lace embroidery \jaie f\vc* *- ~" x ~**Z223-tr,Jr\ *"*" <=*•"•* -^
* iS^ ~***~~n\^™** ***W^Z^ 0 £ j ' as the la t CBt patterns in laco. -. . " up the front. i . O ' ™~-«-— --—