Continued on Page Two.
I BUFFALO,' N. \ Y., May 30.— The : Man'
ningimalt ; house, together with'a quan
tity . ot' grain,',, was - burned early to-day!
A high wlndt blew : firebrands and ; sparks
to a great ¦ distance.' setting j flre r to \ the
roofs / of. j six teen; dwellings, only, .one of
which, Jiowevei\ . was. dctroyed.. The;to
tal loss is\estlinated at $150,000, "partly cov
ered :t)V ln'surance." ¦
Sparks Ignite Many Houses.
' AYASHINGTON, \ May i 30:~Oene'ral \ Wll
llam ' F. Spurgin,; recently, promoted Ifrom
cblAnel of ithei Fourth Infantry, '.has been
retlred,.-,m'aking,two vacancjesr'at present
in the list, of ¦ brigadier "generals. : Colonel
Samuel M/Whltside; Tenth Cavalry, sta
tioned .at . Fort J Robinson; Nebraska,- will
be" named, for; one of I the. vacancies. I Ho
entered the r army as a .private'. In' 1858,
served gallantly *", throughout i the , Civil
War and rendered efficient service In Cuba
during ' tho; Spanlsh-Americart j war" and
FUbsequently.' Major .William' F.' McCam
mon. Sixth 'Infantry; now In Manila, has
been retired; _; , •¦-. _. _ : , ; ; , .;
Army !; Needs Two . Brigadiers. >*
. : The tiger;, escaped from its'.wa'gon while
the train . was in ; motion and i crawled into
a'car- containing thirty ¦ draught horses..
j\. ¦• fierce battle .; ensued, the panic-stricken
Horses plunging, and kicking at the sav
age .intruder. When the .train reached
here .the : tiger , ,was found , dead " and
mangled .under' the hoofs , of one of the
horses.,. Six', of .".the horses were badly
scratched, and. bitten. •;
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y. ( May 30.— A
two-year-o'ld/lndian tiger was killed in a
fight with* horses -on a circus train while
en route from; Gosh'en to Poughkeepsie
to-d.ay. .;'. ' . - .
Thirty Panic-Stricken
Steeds.
TIGER LOSES -ITS ; LIFE
IN FIGHT WITH HORSES
Circus Animal Trampled to Death : by
KEEPING PLANS; SECRET.
"I, 'am sorry that I can say nothing,"
the engine drivers, firemen and
pumpmen now occupied .In keeping the
anthracite mines free from > water are
called upon to cease work. . It Is feared
that after Monday a situation will de
velop which will render impossible any
settlement of the difficulty until, either
the men or operators have been van
quished. Powerful Influences are being
brought to bear upon the operators to In
duce them to recede . from the . uncom
promising position, that they . have main
tained from the first. Exactly what lines
are being followed is a secret/ that Isbe
ing guarded with the utmost jealousy,
hut there is reason to believe that the
proposals made by. the men who are
working for peace have met with ' favor
from at least some of the operators./
: J. Pierpont Morgan and Senator Hanna
are the leaders in -the last appeal for res
toration of harmony. The conference be
tween % Senator Hanna and George W.
Perkins of the firm of J. P. Morgan &
Co. in Cleveland 'on'. Thursday .was re
garded as very- significant. That Perkins
carried to Senator Hanna suggestions
.sent across the ocean by MoVgan was be
lieved by the men who are anxiously
watching every development in the con
test to be the real- explanation of the se
cret visit of Perkins to Ohio. In almost
the same words used by Senator Hanna
after the conference Perkins at his home
In "Rlverdale to-day declined to discuss
the -'nature' of the plans tbjit : are under
consideration. Y
T* j EW YORK, May 30.— Final efforts
f\l are in progress to. end the coal
JL 1 strike before next Monday, when
; To-nJght , the miners wired ; to National
President Mitchell offering to : give moral
i PITTSBURG, Kans., May 30.— The min
ers' convention here has made but little
progress in the consideration of the griev
ances against the operators. All sessions
are being held behind closed doors/, and
what news .is ' given out comes out
through a censor. The present conditions
are very unsatisfactory to the: miners,
and a schedule of wages is .being pre
pared which 'wilj be submitted to the op
erators next Monday. * ,..
STRIKE IN THE WEST.
'¦¦ Two regiments of men have been sworn
in at the instance of the operators to act
as coal -and iron police at the coalfields.
They -will "be armed with rifles and re
volvers and stationed at the mines to pro
tect non-union workers who are to re
place the ';• engine - drivers, firemen and
pumpers who have voted to go ; out,Mon
day in obedience to' John Mitchell's or
der. . ..'-;•'¦'.''
¦ ¦ When pressed to say whether, in his
opinion, there was any reasonable pros
pect of bringing about peace, Perkins de
clined to utter awora". He came, to this
city to-night, and it is understood that
he laid the i 'result of his visit to Ohio be
fore the representatives of the operators'
side of the L controversy. -It is expected
that concurrence or rejection of the final
efforts of -the peacemakers will be made
known to-day. ¦•'¦¦..•
answered to the question. "Too much has
been said already.. We cannot' do any
thing if every move is printed. No sooner
dd we make a plan than the details of it
appear in the newspapers, and men who
have entered Into an agreement with
draw." h
- ." '¦'".'¦„'*¦'¦-"¦• ¦ » .'
and financial aid for the. strikers in the
anthracite -fields. v It is hardly believed
here that the. miners will ; favor a- sym- t
pathetic', strike Iwlth the Eastern, miners
If the differences can be adjusted in Kan
sas and' Missouri. In case the demands
are- not granted by the operators next
Monday it Is- understood that the
will order a'- general Western strike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Regiments of Men Are Sworn in to Act as Special^Police to Protect the Non
union Workers '¦: in the Anthracite Mines.: -¦-¦¦•-•
The -decision to make the call ¦ was
reached to-day "by. tho executive council
of .;"¦ the' National Teamsters' Union, and
came after a conference ( wlth Louis Swift
of \ Swiff & Cp. and ; Edward Morris 'of
Nelson, Morris '& -Co., both. of. whom re
fused even- to discuss the agreement the
teamsters wished signed.
1 The tie-up in Chicago, which is declared
complete,. is to be carried to Omaha, Kan
sas City, St.. Joseph and Sj; Louis, . and
the teamsters, : whose national; headquar
ters, are in Chicago, have received assur
ances from their I locals : at other "i points
that the men will obey the summons and
go out.,- This move will be -national in Its
effects.^ 5 - ¦ ; '-; ; •
'Every packing-house In the West be
longing to the "Big Six" is to be attacked
by I the :> Teamsters'/ Union ' on • Monday ; If
the . local companies do \ not recede from
their position and 'sign the agreement.
• CHICAGO,*May 30.— The f our ;big pack
ing concerns of the stockyards at con
ferences held to-day with union leaders
representing the ' striking teamsters — re
fused absolutely to grant the concessions
asked, or any. part, and 'went openly on
record' as being unalterably" opposed "to
the\ recognition ! of union labor . in < the
yards. - •• . ..-...'¦
' . Thousands of , persons . had their usual
supply of meat cut off to-day entirely
arid many others who were able to buy
a" .little • meat here and there \ paid fancy
prices for it. All through ' the city butch
ers closed down and , many, of them will
not open again until the strike has been
settled. '/¦¦:', ¦'.-'•.',:¦ .i) •.'.'.'•: : ¦ V'; : - "¦ ,'¦¦' ¦-¦
MORGAN AND HANNA ARE MAKING GREAT EFFORTS
TO SETTLE THE BIG COAL STRIKE BEFORE MONDAY
Packers Refuse Recognition
tg of Union Labor in the
Yards.
THREATENING
TO KILL ALL
FOREIGNERS
Boxers Give Warning of the
Proposed Work of Ex-
term/nation.
LONDON, May ZL— The Shanghai cor
respondent of this Dally Mall cables that
the Boxers are active in the province of
Ezechuen. They have varaed the officials
of Tangtsien of th^Ir intention to exter
minate the foreigners, and they have de
stroyed the Catholic and Protestant
churches, killed and robbed people and
are enrolling member* in every village.
Troops have been dispatched to suppress
the rebellion.
tTAFT WILL SUCCEED
IN VATICAN MISSION
London. Newspaper's Correspondent
Declares Philippine Church Ques
tion. Easy of Settlement.'
LONDON. May 31.— Cabling from Rome,
the correspondent of the Daily Chrpnlcls
cays the Taft mission to Rome has every
prospect of success. The Vatican is will-
Ing, to allow the monasteries and con
vents in the Philippine Islands to be un
der" civil law, and it will permit the ex
propriation of their property.
The American Government, continues
the correspondent, will authorize the cre
ation of new dioceses in the Philippines,
to be under American Bishops only.
Immigrants Perish in a River.
WINNIPEG. May 20.— An unconfirmed
report from Edmonton says that forty
Calician immigrants, who were storm
*tayed at Edmonton, started for Victoria,
eighty-five miles down the Saskatchewan
liiver, on a raft. About twenty miles bc
lcw Edmonton, the raft capsized and
twelve of the Immigrants were drowned.
STUBBORNNESS
SHUTS OFF THE
MEAT SUPPLY
Admiral Servan reports that one of the
submarine cables was broken May 3 at
an unknown distance north of Martinique.
This break was followed by the first erup
tion of ashes. The second cable was
broken May 5 at a point. ten miles west
of St. Pierre. In 130 fathoms of water, and
when It was dredged up It was found to
be tangled and twisted. The night of
May 5 there occurred the eruption of mud
.which overwhelmed the Guerla factory.
Wdmlral Servan considers that these facts
indicate the possibility of submarine fls-
Admiral Servan accepted Professor
Hill's present theoretic attitude of th«
subject of the eruption and praised his
judgment in not arriving at a hypothesis
until he had studied the data he has col
lected. Professor Hill told the admiral
that his study of data should be finished
on the spot. He said Mont Pelee might
erupt for a year or more, but that tha
area of devastation would remain un
changed. As all the people had fled from
the Vicinity of the volcano, no great loss
of life would occur. Professor Hill said
Fort de France was perfectly safe.
FORT DE FRANCE SAFE.
The commander of the French cruiser
D'Assas was presented to Admiral Servan
in tho course of the latter's Interview
with Professor. Hill. .The commander of
the D'Assas had just returned fronV'a
tour, of Inspection and reported that at
14 o'clock last night he saw incandescent
matter slowly flowing over the rim of
the crater at the summit. This report
has not yet been confirmed. •
Last night Admiral Servan invited Pro
fessor Robert T. Hill, the United States
Government geologist, on the French
cruiser Tage, Admiral Servan's flagship,
and had an Interview with him on hl3 re
cent expedition to Mont Pelee. United
States Consul Aymee acted as interpreter
at the interview, which lasted three hours.
Admiral Servan was deepiy interested in
what Professor Hill had to say, as he has
personal theories concerning the recent
eruptions. The admiral furnished Pro
•fessor Hill with many observations mads
b,y the French naval officers under him.
and highly complimented Professor Hill
and the 'National Geographical Society
upon their explorations.
ique, May 39, 3 p. m.— Mont Pelee has been
very quiet to-day. The cruiser Cincinnati
has left here for Castries, St. Lucia.
George Kennan and his party are doing
good work at the north end of the island
and are all safe and well. Professor An
gelo Heilprin, president of the Philadel
phia Geographical Society, who Is here
under the auspices of the National Geo
graphical Society, 1 3 now conducting his
investigations among the northeast cra
ters.
; QUIET 5 FOB A * DAY.
FORT DE FRANCE,. Island of Martin-
DIVINE INTERVENTION.
i NEW YORK, May 30.— A Journal spe
cial from St. <L.ucla says: The sisters of
the • Catholic " Order de la Deliverauce,
twenty-three of whom are among the sur
vivors of the eruption of Mont Pelee. ar
rived ¦ here to-day from Morne Rouge,
with a wonderful story of the preserva
tion of the pearest community to the
crater and .the only one. within the zone
of disaster to escape destruction. They
attribute the escape of Morne Rouge to
divine Intervention and tell of a miracle
in the church before. the eyes of the con
.gregation assembled for refuge from the
death-spouting volcano. While celebrat
ing mass .there suddenly appeared before
the* altar a, vision' of the Savior, showing
the sacred heart. '. The vision .was sad
faced and:wan. ; : V • ' •.'-. »
• ; Says;. Sister. Marie l'lnf ant Jesus: "We
emerged ' to ; see a terrible ,. cloud, • accom
panied ;byj thunder ; and ' lightning' rolling
down \> Pelee, .'. almost over our " heads,
upon the, city, of : St. Pierre. The whole
place was lighted : up by fires. It was the
most awful spectacle the human eye ever
witnessed.- ; We thought tho end of the
world had come. v We .remained at prayer,
all' that ;.day. of terror. \ Fire, steam and
boiling; mud .were "around us, yet Morne
Rouge ; was not touched. Not one person
was lost or harmed." '':' ' 7 ¦-,'-'
; In ' another dispatch Commander Mc-
Lean . says that George Kennan, the
writer and lecturer. Is safe, and was heard
from on' the 29th; traveling up the coun
try..^ .' ¦, .\:' : :. -¦"
Commander* Berry, commanding ' the
Dixie, cables from St. Lucia to-day that
he is going to " Martinique, and unless
otherwise ordered, thence to New York.
Martini q u e. C o m -
mander Thomas C. McLean, commanding
the : Cincinnati, jj cables : from Fort da
France under date of the 2Pth as follows:
: "Eruptions ¦¦ volcanic continue. Occa
sional great outbursts at intervals of few
days. . Mostly, columns and masses .of
clouds and steam, smoke and ashes snoot-
Ing "up quickly to .great heights. These
alarm the people, but rio serious damage
is being done outside of the district where
the first devastations occurred. Plenty of
supplies ¦ here. , French- admiral With
three ships arrived. Two more expected
daily. ¦- Authorities grateful and say able
to manage' affairs now without further as
sistance. The Cincinnati goes to Casley
on the morning of the 30th." - .
ygr "«r WASHINGTON, May 30.—
H Jb / Secretarr Moody re
¦ l/l/ ceived a number of dis
rar Br _ - patches " to-day con
* cerning conditions at
*TT*HE CALL herczvith publishes another set of illustrations
M. showing the awful havoc zirought in St. Pierre by the volcano
Mont Pclcc on the morning of May 8 last. The photographs
from which the pictures arc reproduced were taken by the photog
raphers attached to the expedition sent to Martinique by The Call
and New York Herald. (Copyright, 1902, by the Nczv York Her
ald Publishing Company")
Commander McLean Says
Masses of Clouds Float
From Mt. Pelee === Brave
Sisters Attribute Escape
to Divin e In terve n tion
PEOPLE OF STRICKEN MARTINIQUE CONTINUE TO BE ALARMED
BY THE OCCASIONAL OUTBURSTS OF STEAM, SMOKE AND ASHES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FBANCISCO, SATUM)AY, MAY 31, 1902.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 182.PROMINENT MEMBER;. OF
; LETTER . CARRIERS' -CON- -
' VENTION^ : . . -¦ , -. : -
PEOPLE OF STRICKEN MARTINIQUE.
Continued From Page One.
HONOLULU, May 24.-The effects of
the volcanic eruption at St. .Pierre are
supposed to have been felt here,- In, un
usual conditions In the upper atmosphere.
A lurid sunset last night attracted much
attention and the sunrise following was
equally startling. Without clouds to make
Phenomenon.
Volcanic Dust the Cause of a Peculiar
HAWAII'S SKIES ARE LURID.-
sures which admitted sea water to the
central incandescent mass. Professor Hhl
admitted the possibility of this theory; but
said the eruptions • on . the British island
of St. Vincent still remained a problem
All the exploring parties now in the
field are expected to return' to Fort de
France to-morrow.
SACRAMENTO, May 30.— Memorial day
was .-: appropriately observed In Sacra
mento; but the Grand Army: 'dispensed
with its usual parade.: The City Trustees,
who in the past had | appropriated , money
for ;: the veterans to hire bands \ and car
riages, had been enjoined from doing Jso
this^year,: and the veterans. had no .-.funds
of | their, own. - The | memorial : address r at
the city cemetery was delivered by Major
General William R. Shaf ter. \T6-night a
reception- was tendered . General Shaf ter
in the Golden Eagle Hotel by local Grand
Army posts ; , the Woman's -Relief. Corps
and I Edward Circle, f Ladies of the
Grand Army of- the Republic. ... -i
Shaf ter Delivers "Address.
slopes of. Mount Trabochette; ' between
Nice and Genoa, owing to the sulphurous
exhalations from the mountain. Contin
ual .slight tremors of the earth are felt,
ami these , are supposed to* be connected
with the recent. volcanic eruptions in the
Antilles.* 1 , y / « . ¦ •• •¦¦¦
, ; PETALUMA; "May 30.— Memorial .day
was \ observed' in ; Petaluma' with .the usual
exercises 'at j'tbe .'cemetery! '": 'The address
was i delivered: by «Rev.' ( C.iL. - Patterson
There was a long procession and all of the
business; houses .were ¦• closed the entire
day. ¦¦¦":' " :- -¦-. ¦-¦-
Petaluma Honors Dead.'
. LONDONn May ¦ 3L--A j dispatch ¦' to V the
Daily Mail from Milan,' Italy/ reports that
the cattle < have ceased .to graze": on -the
Sulphur and Slight Tremors.
- Cook Inlet Country. -
TACOMA. May 30.— Valdez advices state
that the greatest volcanic eruption known
on the Alaskan coast within historic
times. Is ,now-:in ; progress. Mount:. Re
doubt, ftoward ¦ the interior: from?. Cook
Inlet, has been In eruption "for several
weeks. During the ' first ?week in May
flames were ;• seen , spouting "i- out of ' Us
crater for several nights < in succession.
Ashes fell in clouds. Valdez papers state
that . the snow , is covered with ashes for
miles .in every direction and- that Monta
gue and . other Islands in • Prince William
Sound were also covered with- ashes. - v>
LOud rumblings, and- explosions in the
mterlor of Mount Redoubt are-, heard
many times daily • and < earthquakes are
numerous. , Natives of . - the ¦• Cook ,; Ihlet
country are so badly scared that somi of
them have taken ¦ flight ; in boats t orf on
land. to the further end ofKenai Pehin
sula. The few. white, people living. within
the y ash-covered v area are • somewhat
frightened, but none of - them have . left
the country. '-'¦ Natives say: that' never
within the history of I man has | that ' coun
try been so thoroughly 'shaken up.
Eruptions Frigrhten Nativea of the
MOUNT REDOUBT: AT WORK.
HOT SP3RIKGS. !^rk.. May CO.-Mn.. BeasSe
P. v» are has been acquitted on a charge of
murdftrtng.. her divorced husband, John D.
Ware, a prominent business man. He was
fhot and killed in his room In June laet.
w!™ color *K ere was a red « lare °n the
norizon as the sun went down and' rose
S2S» ! M" a^ rtb^, ted her £ i0 volcanie dust
from the- St. Pierre disturbance. - The
phenomenon observed here - was a deep
red glow," which continued In the west
long after the usual sunset glare should
?i out / and !n tne m o r mng began before
tne_ rising sun usualljr- shows color, in the
69,S t. ' ¦ . ."'¦:¦ * ¦ . ¦ . ¦ ' ¦ ,- ¦*-...,','
-Professor C. J.: Lyons, who has for
many, years , been , the •, Government
Meteorologist here, says the phenomenon
mllar to , tha . 1 observed after the tre-
SJ r« ous »Y k ol S !a . nlc explosion at Krakatoa
?E' At , tnat "me the atmospheric
conditions .of an unusual character were
observed here | five days i after I the sreat
dleaster occurred on - tho , Island of Java.
h^Lf, ffec £ of -the -Martinique--: disaster,
?£T a^' lf such the V & re. are up -to this
fn™ ?? i? ea , rl3 C as 8roat «»' those follow
ing the Krakatoa eruptl<>n.. •-.-¦...
ROME. May 30.— The statement publish
ed by the Daily Mail of London. May 29,
that at the consistory to be held June 9,
the Pope will nominate Archbishop Keane
of Dubuque. Iowa, to succeed the latfe
Archbishop Corrlgan of New York is
without foundation in fact.
It appears now to be extremely Improb
able that the Pope will depart from his
customary ¦ practice cf appointing an
Archbishop's successor from among the
clergy of the diocese in which the vacancy
oecurrt d. It is expected that three candi.
dates will be Bishop Charles McDonald
of Brooklyn; Auxiliary Bishop John M.
Farley of New York, and either Vicar
General Joseph F..Mooney or Chancellor
Charles H. Colton, both of Xew York
Denial Made of Rsport That Iowa
Prelate Will Have Corri
gan's Place.,
POPE WTJLL NOT NAME
ARCHBISHOP OF DUBUQXJE
r Commencing June 6 the Colorado special,
which now;:. leaves- Chicago at ; 10 : a. m.;
will start, at 6:30 p. m. t arriving in Omaha
at "6:55 -a.', m;,- 1 Denver -at' 8 :. p.* m.'and
Colorado , Springs . at*. 10:30 -. p. - m. The - en
tire .train -will tbe :run solid between Chi
cago and; Denver, with through ' drawing
room sleeper to ";Colorado Springs.' East
bound I th« ? train T will; be ' known as the
Chicago special and will > leave Colorado
Springs daily, at, 10 a:. m.'and -Denver at 1
p.ra:, : arriving In, Chicago at 4 p.-m., con
venlently^;- for * making connections * east.
The new. service* east-bound' will enable
passengers to leave ,Des ;Molnes,'Ia:,"'at
7 a, m.- and arrive in Chicago at 4 p. m.;
CHICAGO; ; May 30.— The Chicago . and
Northwestern and Union Pacific railroads
have :. adopted a ? hew X schedule whereby
passengers from Atlantic Coasfpolnts
will reach Denver. with only two nights on
the .road. .; From ? Detroit, Cincinnati,} In
dianapolis and Chicago only one night will
be • reculred." t %1 .^?F«=5!^St^JsatejWS^fflS«
Runs Between the Atlantic
¦"¦ J " and Denver.
Railroad Hakes Changes for Rapid
SCHEDULE WriL SAYE
; : time "for; passengers
• PARIS/ May J 30.— It Is. announced in a.
dispatch from Madrid that Senor Sabrino
Araria, leader of the Biscayap Nationalist^
party,' sent a long cable message to Presi-^
dent Roosevelt congratulating him on the
establishment of a republican government
in Cuba and. that the Spanish censor sup
pressed the message. It Is further as
serted ¦ that the Spanish Government or
dered the prosecution of Senor, Arana,' and
that' President Roosevelt has ""instructed
the lUnited States * legation at Madrid to
ask.f or explanations.''- -: : - ¦¦¦•¦¦-.¦•¦;.¦¦ - :
' WASHINGTON, May 30.-Ofncial circles
here are ignorant of the matters " stated
lathe Madrid dispatch to the Patrie. The
President has not instructed our. legation
at Madrid to ask for explanations of. the
reported course of . the Spanish Govern
ment toward Senor Arana, and, Inrfact,
the administration Is , without '. any, f infor
mation - concerning the alleged purpose of
Senor Arana to -send a congratulatory tel
egram to : the President . and its frustra
tion by the Spanish Government.
dent Roosevelt ' Alleged to Have
\ Been Suppressed.\
Communication Addressed" to > Presi-
SPAIN' K ACCUSED.
OF OBAVE DISCOURTESY
Entertains Respect for Burglars. "
CHICAGO, May 30.— Daniel Hill, the
wealthy Board of Trade man who was
shot a week ago, was to-day allowed to
talk by.. his physicians., "I was shot by
burglars," said he, "and I want to say
that I have a lot more respect for theje
burglars than for the people who have
been insinuating that Mrs. .Hill had some
connection: with the shooting." \
VACAVILLE, | May . 30.— Twenty-four
young men and women graduated from
the Vacaville Union High School and re
ceived diplomas • in the opera house to
night. President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
of the IJnlversity of California delivered
the address. The salutatory address was
given "by Miss Maud E. Ennor of Elmlra,
who has led the entire school In every
study for three years. Joseph S. Koford
.delivered the valedictory. The diplomas
were awarded by County Superintendent
White. .
High School Graduates.
It is believed this suit will go to the
Supreme Court of the empire at Lelpslc
If this Utter confirms the decision the
Braun system will be the only system of
•wireless telegraphy having rights In Ger
many. It is believed that such a decision
by the Supreme Court would prepare the
way for co-operation between the two sys
tems, in which one would supplement the
other.
BERLIN, May 30.— The rivalry between
the S!aby-Arco and Braun systems of
wireless telegraphy has reached an inter
esting stage. The AUgemeine Elektric
ltacts Gesellschaft, the owners of the
£!aby-Arco system, made a legal 'test -of
the Braun patents by bringing an action
ecainet the Sieroens-Haske Company and
to-day the court handed down a decision
sustaining the Braun claims.
porations Brings Them Into
the Courts.
Keen Rivalry Between German Cor-
WIBELESS TELEGRAPHY
COMPANIES AT ODDS
t Piles Cured Wittiout the Knife.
Itching. - Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Pilta.
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it fails to care any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen day a.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly: This.Js a new discovery, and
1j tl\e only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, - no cure, no pay. A free sample will ba
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price. 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it In stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE-CO.. St. Louis, Mo.. wh»
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. V
"Wreaths on Lafayette's Tomb.
PARIS, May 30.— A .number of Ameri
cans made the usual pilgrimage to Plopus
Cemetery this afternoon and placed
wreaths .on . the .tomb of Lafayette.
Wreaths were also placed on the statues
of Washington and Lafayette.'
THE first convention of the Califor
nia State Association of the Na
tional Association of Letter. Car
riers was held in Native ' Sons'
Hall yesterday afternoon. Dele
gates from branches throughout Califor
nia were In attendance and the session
was full of interest. Many delegates were
unable to be present by Reason of their
important duties, and their proxies were
held by friends.
At the opening of the convention a com
mittee on credentials, composed of Clem
ent Buttle, William Tade and Thomas
Monohan, presented Its report and the
following delegates were seated: '..'
A, K. Epby, Los Angeles; Edward - W.
Adams, Santa Cruz; A. F. Amadon, George
Singleton and Herbert Tripp, San Jose; . W.
H. Smith and Daniel J. - Hallahan,* Oakland;
Thomas Reath, Berkeley: W. H. Tade, Sacra
mento; John Earl, Stockton; L. P. Wilcox,
Maryevllle; E. F. Greely, Fresno; Charles de la
Fontaine, Hanford; Conrad Trieber, C. Buttle,
Stephen J. Sullivan." George Yost, Charles Mc-
AuMffe and WUIiamy Barry, San Francisco;
Percy Fox. Alaiheda. ".
R. M. Roch of San Francisco called the
convention to order and took occasion to
offer some valuable suggestions to ': the
delegates. At the close of his remarks he
called for nominations for temporary of
ficers. A. K. Ebpy of Los Angeles . was
elected temporary chairman. W. H.
Smith of Oakland and Conrad. Trieber of
San Francisco were placed in nomination
for temporary secretary. A ballot result
ed in the election of Smith by a vote of
15 t* 8.
CHAIEMAN IS INTRODUCED.
Temporary Chairman Ebpy ' was then
introduced and Epoke in. part' as follows :
Gentlemen of; the convention: 'It gives m«
great pleasure to receive this honor at your
hands. I will try to deserve, your confidence
by fulfilling the duties of the office with :fair
ness and impartiality. I believe we' shall ac
complish some things that will : be "of benefit
to ourselves and to th* national association.
The best way we can get at this is to lose no
time. I can make a hit with you by omitting
any long 6peech, and we will proceed at once
to business.:
Upon motion the temporary officers
were made permanent.
Delegate Roche made a motion that a
committee of three be appointed on con
stitution and by-laws. Messrs. Monohan
Roche and Fox were appointed. A com
mittee on resolutions, consisting of
Messrs. Tripp, Yost and Hallahan, was
next appointed.'
J. M. Begley, a representative of Branch
254 of Charleston, S. C. was given a seat
of honor next to the chairman.
While the committee on resolutions WA3
deliberating the secretary read a number
of communications from delegates wl»o
were unable to attend, but who expressed
the best wishes for the success of the or
ganization. J.
- Chairman Tost of the committee on res
olutions read the following resolution pre
pared by Delegates Hallahan, Tripp, Trie
ber and himself, and it was unanimously
adopted: .
• •:-:¦¦!-: : ¦i-h-h : i m-i-h-: -m..i .h-h
. In' Mcmoriam': Whereas,. It has pleased Al
mighty. God in his Infinite wisdom to take from
among us our Esteemed friend and. benefactor,
Hon. Amos' J. Cummings, member'of Congress
from New York. . . ;•-.
Whereas, Th«« letter carriers of the United
States have lost In the death of Hon. Amos J.
Cummlngs. M.--C, . a'.true- and tried - friend :
therefore, be it ¦ "? '-..'¦' ¦ . .:-
Recolve<I. That the^Callfornia.' State Associa'-"
tlon. National Association of Letter Carriers,
in convention assembled in San Francesco. May
30... 1002, express our heartfelt bereavement In
the death of * our benefactor and: friend, ,who
was a true type of the American statesman.
Be It '
Resolved, That a. copy of this resolution be
spread on the minutes of this convention and
a copy be sent to the press of San Francisco
and to the Postal -Record of Washington, D. C.
AMEND CONSTITUTION.
The following , resolution was also
adopted: . . J
Resolved. By the California State Associa
tion of • tha • National Association, in conven-'
tion assembled.' this 30th day of May:
That our hearty thanks be extended to the
press of this State for Its united efforts in
tehalf of the letter carriers* salary bill now
in the hands of the Postof flee* and Pest Roads-
Committee, to the labor organisations Mer
chants' Exchanges and Boards of Trade
throughout- the State for then- good will and
expression. / .
That a copy of these resolutions be 6ent to
the press and Postal Record.- ¦ ¦ - _
Another resolution adopted, was:
Resolved, That the delegate representing thlt
aBeociation !n the National Association Letter
Carriers convention is instructed to present a
resolution to that body requesting: our national
S f t tar X or P resld «nt to call to the, attention
of the department the labor performed at
present by night collectors In order that such
regulations may be considered as will g?" them
at least aitemately one night a week of rest.
i« A J e , s oluti6n was also adopted Instruct
ing delegates to the National Letter Car
riers' convention to do all in their power
r°. Jf/X 18 !* in the re " ele ctiori of Edward J.
Cantwell as secretary. . »; ,
The balance of the afternoon was de
*«h£i»V* a K l - ( S2 sl . <m:of the constitution
submitted , by Chairman Roche • of that
committee. The various sections were read
and^fter amendment ordered printed
, An adjournment was then taken.*
Jn the evening . the delegates - attended
the performance of "Fiddle Dee De" at
Fischer's and forgot the cares of business
for the time being. This -.morning they
will enjoy a drive- to the Presidio, the
cliff and Golden Gate Park;- In the : even
ing ; there. -will be. an entertainment and
reception in Native Sons' Hall.' ;
-LOS ANGELES/. May 30.— Although
nothing, has come -direct from' A. G.
Hinckley, the lawyer who has been miss
ing since May- 15, information that reach
ed here to-day from the north indicates,
not that he has been the. vlctimof foul
play or of accident, but that he has be
come demented, and, •. believing himself
marked .for persecution, is hiding from
imaginary enemiea ; or the authorities.
Mrs. Hinckley to-day received a letter
from O. L." Leineau - of Valencia street,
San Francisco. It was to this gentleman's
house that Hinckley 'went first. The let
ter ogives Hinckley a movements to May
21," as published in The Call this morn-
Ing. ¦' < , .:.'. \.r ¦ . . - ,. "/>.,-¦' ¦
That the missing man may have become
demented, causes no . .astonishment to
those*who' saw and -• conversed with, him
shortly 'before his departure. His hobby
was /mining; and prospecting. When he
told his :wife that he had had three in
terviews with a man named King at his
office on New 5 High' street, in connection
with the prospective Inspection of a mine
in one of the 'northern counties of the
State, -he would- go into' a brown study
and; ask repeatedly: "Where
have I seen that man's face?" King, af
ter, all, may. have been but a creation of
his unbalanced mind. ..;.;
Attorney "is | Mentally
Unbalanced. '
Belief That the Missing Los Angeles
HINCKI/UY MAY'/ BE HIDING >.
, FROM IMAGINARY ENEMIES
. :.-¦¦ ¦¦¦-.• v-v ¦.:¦'_. . .-;,- ¦ .:- ¦ ¦
'.;; Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, May 24— Interest in the
price of meat has been aroused /in .the
Territory of Hawaii, owing to the striking
advance recently made on- the mainland.
For many, years it has been customary
for Honolulu to obtain a large part of its
meat | supply from j the Pacific Coast, as
meny; as; 300, carcasses of beef and 1000 of
sheep coming; down In the refrigerating
chambers • of each regular steamer. At
the present time harmy any. meat Is ob
tained from the mainland. ' \
Supplies on , these islands have been
gradually increasing and there is now sut
rtcient stock on the, hoof in sight to feed
the total population' for more than four
months to come.'.* It is hoped that the sup
ply has not ceased, but that Hawaii has
at last I become independent . of the main
land for its- prtneipar staple' food.
. Comparing the .wholesale and retail
prices. of meat this year in Honolulu with
u year ago, there has. been an advance of
a cent: and a half per pound in the whole
sale price for dressed Deef; of half a cent
a . pound, for dressed mutton and of one
cent. -a pound for veal. Retail prices show
an, advance of two cents for sirloin
steaks, of five cents: for porterhouse and
of; two; and a half cents, tor round steak.
Mutton at retail is practically unchanged
and the same may be said of veal, while
perk has advanced two cents a pound at
retail.,,:. - . ,,-•....¦ • •"-.:
'A familiar figure In Rotten row, the old
bark Sebastian Bach, startled the water
front folk this morning by going to Davy
Jones' locker. She had long since been
condemned' and was gradually being torn
to, pieces for old Junk and fire wood. Half
a dozen .'Japanese were aboard the vessel
getting; fire: wood in the morning. Be
tween decks were two white men, Charles
* lsher and John Ross, who began to put
the Twilight's lumber cargo on board the
Alice Kimball, which lay on her starboard
side. -The men narrowly -escaped.
'John D~ McVeigh, the new superintend
ent of the leper settlement, will make the
lives -of "his patients more comfortable.
He , is getting) plants and seeds for the
leper settlement-from Wray Taylor, Com
missioner of Agriculture and Forestry.
Through a fund contributed by merchants
and business men Honolulu all -the
white people there each t receives $5 a
month as spending, money. McVeigh
wishes that something of the kind could
be done for the Hawaiian patients. - ¦
* S..S. Dickinson, representative of the
Ma ckay- Cable Company,- has been using
the Government tug El eu- on- the lee side
of this island and it is now believed that
ao finds > better landing prospects for the
cable here than he did on the east side of
the Island. - ¦ ' ..
The Spreckels tugr Fearless stuck on
the reef in the harbor, channel yesterday
morningiwhile she was bringing a vessel
in the harbor. She was in peril for- a
time, .but got ' loose without assistance
and undamaged. .¦ '. . -.
Acting Governor Cooper . has received
from Washington an inquiry regarding
one: Algernon Shaw, who disappeared
from Honolulu in August,. 1899. His dis
appearance was most mysterious. He
was an artist and was well known here.
His disappearance occurred on the after
noon " of the departure of the transport-
Ohio .for the Philippines, and it was
thought that he had gone on her, but it
has been found Impossible to trace him.
His parents in New Jersey have been
sending, letters of. inquiry- to all- possible
sources here for two years without re
sult, and have now applied to the authori
ses to assist in the search.
BRUSSELS. May 3O.-It Is said here
that the Boer delegates in Europe now
admit that peace in South Africa jhas
been secured and that the settlement be*
tween the Boers and Great Britain will
'be signed in the names of the former
citizens of the two South African
republics who are now in Europe, includ
ing: Kruger*. thus preventing the irrecon
cilables from continuing a guerrilla war
fare on the pretext that they are obey
ing the orders of the Boer delegates in
Europe.
PILrrERMARITZBURG, Natal, May 30.
Addressing a crowd at Greytown to-day,
the Governor-of Natal. Colonel Sir Henry
tid-R-ard McCailum, said the 2W Boer dele
gat* s at Vereeniging appeared to be hav
ing a. good time at the British expense.
They .were being treated, the Governor
oeclarcd. with the best of everything ob
tainable, hence arose the delay in an
nouncing a decision.
LONDON, May 20.— In connection with
the resignation of Dr. J. \V. Smart, Com
missioner of Public Works, from the
Cape Colony Cabinet, which was an
nounced from Cape Town yesterday, an
interesting sidelight of the difficulties
likely 10 confront the British administra
tors of South Africa after the conclusion
of peace is furnished by an article which
will be published in to-morrow's Empire
Review, the editor of which claims to
have exceptional sources of information.
The wilier of the article points out that
Cape Coicny will present a most serious
problem after the close of hostilities. The
province, which is nominally self-govern
ing, is now deprived of a constitution, is
urder military law and is honeycombed
with disloyalty from end to end. The au
thor of the article declares further that
if an attempt is made to restore the con
stitution the Afrlkanderbund will surely
dominate the political situation and that
campaign speeches will fan the existing
race hatred to a worse state than before
or during the war. The only safety for
the whole of South Africa, according to
the Review, lies in smothering the last
spark of sedition and in transforming the
Cap .t l Pw a crown colony and governing it
on tna. basis for several years to come.
Speaking at Leeds to-night Lord Rose
bei-y advised the leaders of the Liberal
pcrty j to postpone the announcement of
the programmes until there was some Im
meoiate prospect of getting them carried
out. Lord Rosebery said the first and
greatest question before the public was
p?ace. which he believed would be an
nounced in a few days. He said he hoped
aiat all might be able 1 to support the
Government's policy of pacification, but
warned his hearers that the Ministry was
not concluding peace with a crushed foe.
to v. horn no further attention need be
paid. The speaker said he hoped the
Oovernment would be wise enough to
adopt a generous policy and convert brave
foes into brave friends. This certainly
could not be done, said Lord Rosebery. on
the lines heretofore sketched by Lord
Salisbury, th" Premier, who said: "A
resolute Government might be required
for generations."
Referring to the present financial policy
of the Government. Lord Rosebery said
he thought the tax, on corn was a prelude
to a sort of zollverein throughout the em
pire. He said he could not summarilv dis
miss any proposal for the closer union of
the British empire, but the advantage
must be <Jemcnstrably great to justify
such a departure as a zollverein would
necessitate, and that this departure would
moan giving up the control of Great
Britain's financial system to the British
colonies. . .
Thf> -Government has not yet received
the decision from the Boer conference at
Vereeniglng, Transvaal, which was ex
pected to-day and which was to enable
Balfortr. the Government leader, to make
his statement concerning peace next Mon
day A dispatch received from Pretoria
says the British columns in South Africa,
especially the cavalry, have been greatly
benefited by their long rest. Lord Kitch
ener will again take the field if there is
any delay in the acceptance of Great
Britain's terms by the Boers. In the
meantime preparations are being made
for the repatriation of the Boers on the
termination of hostilities.
British Government Still
Awaits Decision at v-
Vereeniging. :
Conditions in the Leper
"Settlement Will Be
Improved.;
Remarkable Advance in
Price Noted at the
Islands.
dent Will Sign
Treaty.
Former TraDsvaal Presi-
KRUGER'S NAME
IS TO APPEAR
COST OF MEAT
AMAZES HAWAII
Initial Session of- the California Stated Association; by
Many Delegates— Amendments Are Made to the Constitution
and Considerable Business of Routine Nature; Is: Transacted
LETTER CARRIERS HOLD CONVENTION
AND PERFECT THEI R ORGANIZATI0N
iHE SAN, FEANCISCO. CALL,- SATUBDAY, MAY 31;- 1902.
2
In vites Consumption i
It \ weakens the delicate lunj? -' tissues,
deranges' the digestive "organs, .and.
breaks down the general health. > ;
,•¦ .It' often' causes headache ; and . dizzi-
ness.'impaifs the' taste, smell and hear-
jngV and ; affects, the voice. ". ¦ . ¦
*>-Being a constitutional' disease it re-
quires a 'constitutional remedy; : \; : .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
,Radically,and . permaneritlyj cures .'ca-
tarrh ofy'the nose, • throat, -stomach,
bowels and ', more delicate organ's, and
builds. tip; the wholelsystem. ¦ • ! '
: No.^substitute for; Hood's factsj like'
food's. ; Be sure to get Hood's/ . .
.Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed ] on !
request.- C.I, HOOD CO., Lowell, Mass. ,
the most agreeable^ and refreshing
water, alone or mixed with wine, etc.
Its moderate alkali nity 'admirably
counteracts the effects of wine and
' JT "iHE'QUEEN; OF TABLE WATERS.":;
We are just in receipt of another large shipment of our popu- I
- lar $1.95' hats. These seem, to be the best values we have "ever -
offered at the price. : If you have purchased you know how good
the last ones were. We can safely say that hats equal to these in
y alu . e w iH c° st you every cent of $2.50 in any exclusive . hat store !
¦ in town. - ; • ' 1
They come iii Derbys, Fedoras, Pan-Americans . and Tourists, •
and the colors represent about everything— black, brown, cedar,
pearl, steel, mixed, elm, etc In the soft hats many' of the color?
,' have different colored" bands; such as elm with black band, pearl s
if with black, etc. >
The hats are now on dis'play in our windows/Take a look at
; them— you know a Rood hat when you see ; t . •
Out-of-town orrfers filled— write us. I
¦-/? . ¦ A Tt V E KT P ft m fliWTft, >¦ G .
Resident South End Ladies' Golf Club,
Chicago, Cured by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's. Vegetable Compound After
the Best Doctors of Chicago Had
'Failed to HelivUfii*
.Such letters as the following must surely convey conviction to the hearts ,
of all women that the great claims that Mrs. Pinkham makes for her medicine .
must be based upon positive evidence. • . ' - ,- % j
Is it reasonable, think you, that we could hire such women as Miss How-
ard to speak well of JLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound just
, for commercial reasons ? Impossible ! and it is an insult both to her and to
Mrs. Pinkham to suggest such an idea ; therefore, let every, woman read this
letter and believe, for it is as genuine in every particular as the eyes with
which you read these words* * C
Mrs. Pinkham invites all women who are ill to write her for
advice. Address Lynn, Mass., giving full particulars.
MISS ¦ LAURA HOTV^ARD. r^.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkiiam : ; — I can thank you for perfect health to-day,
and gladly do I acknowledge it. life looked so dark to meayearor
two ago. I had constant pains, my limbs swelled, I had dizzy spells, and
never knew one day how I would feel the next. I^was nervous and had
no appetite, neither could I sleep soundly nigh*ts. Eight hottles of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, used in conjunction with
your Sanative Wash, did more for me than all the medicines and the
skill of the doctors. For eight months I have enjoyed perfect health.
I verily believe that most of the doctors are guessing and experimenting
when they try to cure a woman with an assortment of complications,
such as mine ; but you did not guess when you mixed your Compound ;
you evidently know whatyou are giving suffering women and are sure, of
what it will do. How i. wish all suffering women could only know of your \
remedy; there would, be less suffering and. many thousands more happy
and healthy women in America." — ItAUBA Howard, 113 Kewberry Ave-
Chieago, HL ': : h^ v : '. 4 -\ : -
O, my sisters, I do pray you to profit by Miss Howard's experi-
ences ; i ust as surely as she was cured of the troubles enumerated
in her letter, just so surely will Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cure every woman in the land who suffers from womb
troubles, inflammation of the ovaries, kidne y troubles, nervous
excitability, and nervous prostration ; remember that it is Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound that is curing -women, and
don't allow any druggist to sell you anything else in its place.
iftP Aft ft REWARD. — We h»T« deposited wi'th the National City Bank of Lynn, $3000,
\.t^ll!lli y fhlch wiU ba P aid t0 any person who can find that tho above testimonial letter
fcSiIllii! is . not genome* or was published before obtaining the writer's special per-
mission. iydia*. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn. Mau.SAYS THE ARMY IS FIGHTING
FOR PEAGE AND FREEDOM
Y UST at this moment the army of the United States," led' Tby" men' ;. : wl>i'. v seryed among '.ybuTin the great; *
I war, is carrying, to^completion a small but peculiarlj? -.trying and^difficult war ui which is involved not only
1 I .the honor of the flag but the triumph'-- of civilization over, forces /which : standTf or] sayagery'and barbar- •.¦.v;;.
SJ/v ism. JThe task has not been as difficult of.as important as yours^but^oh,v^
. the uniform of the United States who have for the last ttoee iyeara
• the American. causa i in the^Philippine Islands are your younger i rbro.tUers/-^y«url]sbnW^ i :^ey^have\r; shown ¦;
.¦< themselves not unworthy of you, end they are entitled to the support of .^^ all ;'m.en^who\ are" proud, of : -what' ."
you did. ? .*.*.¦;.:; .'¦..-.. : • ..•;'¦ :.¦¦./ ''¦:ti:^K :^},'-'.lV^X
"Peace and 1 freedom— are there. two better objects for which a' soldier^ can- fight P Well,^ these ' are '^ '
precisely the objects for which our soldiers are fighting /in.-the>Philippi^es. When-there is talk of cruel- . ; '
ties committed in' the Philippines, remember always ' ; that»by far" thy;greater:propbrtion:of -these; cruelties •:'
V have, been committed by the insurgents against;^^ i^eir o\vn {people~as twell ! as against:: our' soldiers-rand-. 1 ;?
that not only, the surest but the ohJyVeffectual way; of isto^
arms v The victories of ttie! American 'army, have the^reallyjeffecliye/means of putting,* a^ stop- 1 to
/cruelty in the Philippines. Wherever these,' victories have |b€enj ; c6nipiete^and'- such .: is now cease ;.
throughout the . greater . part of the islands— all "cruelties have ceased,' ' aiid ' tie native is secure [ in. kis life, IX
his liberty and his^pursuit'of happiness. Where
.for cruelty to show* itself ."—Extracts from the speech of President Rooievelt yesterday at 'Arlington' Cerne-" _:\
Continued on Page Seven.
NEW, YORK.; May 30.— Sirs. Rose Fiegenow '
.wife . of ,' a K~*^ < dealer. * killed » her_ six-year-old
daughter- to-day r by g&a . asphyxiation I and I then
committed • suicide ¦¦ by ¦ taking 'carbolic : acid.' The
.woman. had; been! a' sufferer from a nervous dls
, ease ' arid ; _: probably was temporarily ' Insane. - ¦
/.NEWPORT, R.' I., May 30.— Having
honored "in 'the "• memory t of
.thefCourit^ de "Rochambeau, the) members'
'of fthe^Fren'ch '^mission'; cam.ef to 'Newport
¦ to-day „' to 'offer ?; a ,' tribute'; to .jtheJ memory
of '¦;¦. the <iChevalIer .fie '". Tornay, ?'. the •>* com
mander of theifleet-qf LVar yesselsywhlch
convej'ed <the » ' Rochambeau ;-" soldiers S. to'
Newport, 1 *, their, landing-place." ; The tribute
of FrSnce.lto its? naval <j hero * was (paid by
placing;.upon ,th©itornb;pf ; De Tornay : - in
•.Trinity.* Churchyard, 'i a'^wreath s of ' laurel
sent.l by; President vLoubet.;,- •'¦¦¦; ¦ >;•¦'=
*'-3 Newport's >* streets I* bore the' : garb'i>Qf'
Mcmori'9.1Sday,-:but .' the ' coldrs of the
r BAKERSFIELp.'May, SO.^-Memorial day
was/ fittingly -observed I here 3 to T day, the
graves i. of > flf ty-slx f soldierc: dead ' in \*the
Bakersfleld 1 cemetery .' beingj decorated •; b y
; the ymembers?of {Hurlburt-. 'Post, ;''-i. Grand
Army,?of : the' Republic.^ citizens generally
and ! several ¦ hundred ' school children. • Ser-'
vices | were J held ? this C evening lin I Armory
Hall,'! at, .which Honr;Charles N." Sears de-"
livered , an' address." ¦ ' ;. '
,: Tribute to', Flf tyrSix Heroes.
FRENCH MISSION
HONORS MEMORY
OF DE TORNAY
,.\ SUISUN; ¦ May; 30 ;:^Mernorial dav J- was
appropriately/ observed;" In ' Suisun.: ' Exer
cises I held » in ;the ;,' afternoon f .were ' largely
attended.' iVAttorney/^C. ? {P: .- Stevens "of
Benicla? delivered ian ; eloquent; address
Afterward ithe ;. Woman's Christian ¦¦ Tem
perance Union, members of the local- post
Grand'Armyiof the" Republic school, chil
dren, and "others 'proceeded to the '-Fairfield
Cemetery.: and decorated the • graves of
soldiers. -¦"",•,¦'. v •'" -.-,¦., ,. >', ...
Fairfield Graves Decorated.
'; STOCKTON, ;- May : 30.— Memorial '- -: day
was generally ; observed, in -; Stockton.^ the
banks,' ; public offices "and many stores be
ing/ closed. .-'•. There J was " a parade " in . the
morning, under, the auspices of the Grand
Army or the Republic, andi graves of sol
diers-were decorated at Rural Cemetery
Exercises"" were • held -at ' the cemetery
where? Judge :E..I.'.« Jones ;of the Superior
Court delivered. the oration. ': This evening
there ; was t a", reception ". by : -' the ' • Women's
Relief Corps,"^with a patriotic programme
Stockton Mourns Her Bead.
: HAVANA,^ TA&y) 3O.'-^The ;. officers ¦• and
crew., of the United States ¦ gunboat I Eagle
decorated »the wreck ; of ! the United States
battleship , Maine to-day. • President Palma
and the Society of Veterans sent wreaths
"Wreck of Maine Decorated.
President -Roosevelt sent, a wreath-'of
i oses and . the ; Chinese Minister,'- Wu Ting
Fang, a: bed of roses. " , "••; .' '¦; •
,' .' PHILADELPHIA; May 30.— The f eaturV
of , the. Decoration day,, exercises in i this
city was : the unveiling of 'the' memorial
bronze bust ; and pedestal . erected ' in * the I
postOffice to the memory of President Me-"
Kinley by the. Philadelphia letter carriers
and pbstoffice employes.' Postmaster Clay
, ton McMlchael : received : > the - gift > from'
JamesO'SullIvan, chairman of : the /local'
Carriers' : McKinley Memorial " Association. '
Former J Postmaster; General | Smith- deliv
ered the oration, , at • the ¦ % conclusion of
which^ the letter carriers' chorus of. sixty
voices '-. sang "Lead, ; Kindly :- Light.".- A'
bnnd of forty, pieces," composed ; entirely/of
postofflce ,. employes, ,. closed the j exercises
;with '"The Star-spangled;: Banner." i' ;•¦
• • The bronze bust, and pedestal" cost'* over
$2u,000 : and " stands ! on the . first floor; of ¦ th"
bouth' corridor of the postofflce building ',¦
! CHICAGO.V.May '30.— A' parad.e ipartici-
pated In ;: by veterans r of the ' Civil* andj
Spanish -wars was .the feature of ' thq-Mc-i
morial day- demonstration in this 'city?
'.'¦•Memorial' services were held; in the.aft
ernoon at Grant's '". tomb , in ': the '"'presence
of 5000 people. ; ; ¦ \. • .,":-/.'¦
I "A soldiers' : and "sailors' monument, said
to be one ofthe costliest of -its -kind, in
the 'world, was unveiled' In; Riverside
Park."-:- ¦ ' - ' ¦¦'-_¦' : ¦'¦''. : . '¦:';¦:' )\ ';:.'¦%¦]¦'/'
NEW YORK, May 30.— Memorial day
was observed with impressive solemnity
in this city. Crowds attended all tha ex
ercises, the weather being . fine. "An- im-"
pressive parade of-, G. A. T R. posts;'; Na-'
tional Guard, regiments, :Unlted {' States
regular troops and bluejackets and Vma
rines I from' the navy .'yard was reviewed
by Lieutenant General -Nelson A, .Miles,
Rear Admiral Barker, /acting Governor.
Nixon. Mayor Low, General > Howard', and
General Brooke. .. . '- ~\ .; ", .;-.¦
VETERANS HONOR
MEMORY OF THEIR
FALLEN COMRADES
' MANILA, t May. 30.— The military forces
observed ; Decoration ' day . as ; a holiday;
There wereHmpressive;- services at --the
American- Cemetery, though the bodies of
only, a few. soldiers are now, buried there 1
The American Club decorated the gTaves
of .the- civilians: - It was thought • Inadvis
able i to declare the day a public holiday -
Services at Manila.- '
CANTON,- Ohio, -May 30.— Many beauti
ful offerings to ; be . placed ' on the tomb ' of
the V late' President . McKinley . : were re
ceived here' last night and to-day, lnclud
• 0* S.i ar8:e crate of choice . flowers from
the White House. -at Washington. , ' -
_Mrs. McKinley >. took the ; flowers '.- to
Woodlawn ; and < had them arranged- about
the tomb. -The formal celebration in Can
ton began at 1 o'clock by direction of the
Or. A. ;R. The -i. Spanish-American ; War
.Veterans placed a special design on the
tomb. The; G. A. R. placed at . the tomb
the flag of the /order and I a . cluster of
flowers taken at' random ' from the supply
provided for all, their dead comrades,'
making no distinction in favor of the, late
President. 1 . ¦ > ¦ '. • ..- ; • ; . .,-
At McKinley's ToinbJ
i%£' L °UI9. Mo.fMay: SO.^-Th'eVaves of
ib.000 soldiers were decorated I in- St. Louis
T^?5fr t «, despltei the threatening ¦ weather. 1
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 30.-The prin
cipal feature of the Decoration dayexer
cjfes here « was the unveiling at -Forest
xiiir Cemetery of an imposing shaft erect
¦*& J>y the Daughters of the .Confederacy
of this city . to ; the -Confederate . soldiers
who ' died at the • battle of for
merly a suburb bf Kansas City. The day
was beautiful and thousands journeyed
to the cemetery. • ,-¦*¦,. - ¦ .- : ..-.--,
FORT ' LBAVENWORTH, Kan., May
30.— The remains of the late General Hen
ry. Leavenworth were interred to-day at
the National Cemetery : at Fort, Leaven
worth with imposing, ceremonies.';- Several
descendants of ¦ the general ¦ we're present,
besides a number of distinguished men,
and the parade .that preceded the exer
cises at the cemetery was ; one of : the
largest military, and civil functions ever
witnessed in the West.; \
, General John' C. Bates, commanding the
Department of the Missouri, presided over
the exercises at the cemetery,: and the or
. ation was delivered by State Senator i F.
Dumont Smith. >.- Governor ; Dockery of
Missouri also delivered an address, f •
.XOTEB MEN TN PAKADEv '
• •¦ ST-.'i-PAUL;; Minn... May;30.— Two inter
esttng figures In; the Memorial paradetp
day- were < former '. Governor Alexander
•Ramsay, the only living* "war Governor,"
and. the one, who tendered President.Lin
coln the i first . troops af the • outbreak '¦ of
the rebellion, -¦¦ and Colonel : Colville, ; who
led ' the , First Minnesota Regiment on its
famous ; charge v ' at '.«• Gettysburg. . :
- This afternoon at the Auditorium Hon.
D. ¦ Wi'. Daler ¦ delivered the oration of the
'day. •/!;: ."¦¦¦• •"¦¦.itv..; . }::-.[ ..¦:¦ ¦ •:• - :¦'".•• : --;'
; CINCINNATI, O., May 30.— Memorial
;day,was observed here by,a general • sus-'
penalon- 'of -business, a" parade and ' the
, decoration of graves in, the different cem
eterles.^ •;--..¦ •>;- .¦.-¦• --.•¦.¦¦•
MILWAUKEE, Wis. ¦ May . 30.— The
feature of \ Memorial day., in 'Milwaukee
was a monster. 1 parade f in the - afternoon.
: ¦.' SARATOGA,-; N. *,Y.,?, May 30.-Gregory
Cottage; where } General Grant died, :• was
: decorated by J members of the ¦ G. ; A. ; R.
to-day/ :_?.' : ' . ••>.' /.-¦ . : .¦ <¦ -. : - ¦ - v
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn., May. 30.— The
graves -of »14,W0: soldiers in the "National
.Cematery;here were decorated to-day, ln
'eluding-;about 200 t veterans of >¦ the Span
ish-AmerIcan^war.^ ; ':-' H .->•: .¦^' -•¦.-,.
¦it KNOXVILLE, 1 Terin., May 30.— Memorial
services ' - and ¦¦ decoration " of graves were
at" the National Cemetery this
afternoon. ¦>-'•; •. ..¦ • ' j-... "%,}•.-.
v | LOUISVILLE, Ky., 1 May . • 30.— Flowers
were.rs.trewn , onUhergraves of >the Fed
eral* -sailors 'and :¦ Spanish war, veterans ' at
Cave. Hillv Cemetery > this 'afternoon.* x i -^
• ATLrANTA,"r;Ga." ' May.' 30.— A ¦"special
train to-day carried' the Atlanta posts 'of
the G. A; "R.; and their, friends \t© Mariet-'
ta, Ga,, where the graves 'in the National
Cemetery -were* decorated.- •.-••;.... , >
-., SALT. , LAKE i CITY. - Utah, : ; May '. 30 —A
parade,,whlch included the. regulars from
Fort ' Douglas* the; state 'guards and vari
ous other civic and military organizations,
[was ..the. feature of Memorial.day observa
tion here."- '..\ . ? i v ¦>'¦'.> ¦'¦;¦¦'.
SAILORS ALSO REMEMBEEED.
Services i "were-, held ;in. ; niany churches.
French republic -were- mingled with" the
American emblem. \ Through -,the streets
the members. of the French missiorf were
escorted by a large body of sailors, ma
rines and^ soldiersi to take part in the
WhL 0U8 »K fe V. u If 8 of ¦" the Programme
When the foreigners ar
rlv ed at the railroad station here . from
New (York shortly before 9 o'clock they
were received by the "¦ Governor with his
staff, the Mayor, the, members of the City
Council and other; special committees.
¦-General Brugere placed , the wreath of
t> ranee upon De Tornay's : grave. Other
wreaths were also placed and the proces
sion then moved to. the Casino, where the
parade was reviewed. The visitors • later
were driven about : Newport and then a
luncheon was served at the Casino. < \
Burt'Estes^ Howard -Speaks.
SAN- JOSE, May, 30.— Five thousand peo:
pie' attended^ the Memorial r day exercises
at Oak Hill Cemetery this afternoon. . Ser
vices were held this : ' evening in Victory
Theater, > under . the : auspices . of. the local
Grand Army posts. The principal ad
dress was. by Burt Estes Howard of Stan
ford University. : - . ;
•At Soldiers' Home, . at -Battleground
Cemetery, near the site of old Fort Stev
ens, and at St. Elizabeth's, where .'He
countless numbers of veterans wht> j lost
their reason as a result of military service
and who were buried in the asylum
grounds, and at other cemeteries, ;• appro
priate services were held. Secretary Shaw
delivered the oration at- Battleground
Cemetery, while his assistant, M. A. Ayles,
made the address at St. Elizabeth's.*
Representative Washington • Gardner . of
New Jersey was the principal speaker at
the National Cemetery, Soldiers' Home,'
where, too, there was an immense gather-"
ing of comrades and relatives and friends
of deceased soldiers. •.>
• Immediately after the memorial ¦¦ exer
cises at the amphitheater j the monument
erected to the memory of Colonel Edgar
O'Connor, of the Second Wisconsin Regi
ment, was unveiled in the presence of a
number of his comrades. The address of
the occasion was delivered by Representa-"
tlve John J. Jenkins of Wisconsin. ' ...
General - Eli Torrance, commander 'i- in,
chief of the Grand Army of the Republic,
follDwed with a. few remarks -and then,
the services were brought to a dose with
the playing of "America" by the band,'
the choir and the assembly joining, land
benediction by - Henry S. Stevens,' de»
partment chaplain. -.". • . , •
SANTA MONICA, \ May 30— Honor, was
paid to-day-to the memory or the sailors
of ' the United States navy who' lost ¦ their
lives at sea.- Following the precedent es
tablished last year," a simple service^ was
held on the bluff overlooking the ocean,
after which garlands and, wreaths of flow
ers were given to>the waves, in tribute ta
the dead.- The pretty ceremony'-was 'in'
charge of - Hopkins Naval Veteran- Asso
ciation and the • Naval ¦ Reserve, who,': to
gether with a great. crowd, of interested
spectators, gathered on" -the ¦ end of :% the
Santa Monica : wharf."- A portion of tae
burial service was read, three volleys
were fired by the Naval Reserve, "taps",
among them; but taken as • a whole they rep
resent'as high a standard pf public service, as
this country has ever ; seen. They.' are ; doling
a great work for civilization, a great work for
the honor and interest of this nation, and
above -all for the welfare of the Inhabitants
of the Philippine Islands. All honor to them;
and shame, thrice shame, to us if we fall to
uphold -their hands!, . ¦ ' • -.<*'*¦
The applause accorded the President as
he concluded was long and continuous
and as he took his seat some one in the
crowd cried out "Three, cheers for | our
brave President," whereupon ( a mighty
shout went up . from the throats of the
thousands crowded into every available
space to hear him. : ¦-¦•:''•
Tribute.to. Sailor Dead.
HEALDSBURG, May 30.— Memorial day
was fittingly, observed in this city. The
ladies of Roanoke • Circle/ Ladies of • the
Grand ; Army ; of \ the Republic, , had charge
of the day's events, 'which' began "with a
procession ¦ to ' Oak ' Mound Cemetery, ' 222
school .'children* and', twenty-five veteran
soldiers being | In the line. Literary exer
ciser .took -pi ace .In.' Lure, Qrove, .'adjoinlngr
the cemetery.- ¦-: \ V ' :•
Healdsburg, Ladies in Charge.
, iSAN /BERNARDINO,\<-May , 3O.-J-The^ en
,tire^ force 1 in' the | Santa ; Fe; shop's at The
Needles -went put ; on strike this morning
arid ; ; thp machine. shops are closed.' The
cause of ; the strike ¦ was the refusal • of
, the,- Santa * Fe ; company* to , grant the de
mands of ' the • men ;¦ for an . increase /in
wages from 30 to 40 cents an hour. In this
city there I is | renewed agitation in regard
to the>iboilermakers' strike, as the com
pany, has refused to abolish the blacklist.
The men; say they, will walk out unless the
clause in their demands is agreed to.
Santa Fe Machinists Walk ¦ Out. . ;
Blue and Gray Mourn. Together.
it SAN DIEGO, May 30.^- A notable feature
of .the.'Memorial day observances here was
the^unioh-bf the. blue and 'gray-in the ex
ercises at the graves. Major Hugh Gwin;
commander, of the local camp of Confed
erate veteransrmarched into the cemetery
with "Commanders Burt ¦ and .-Palmer of
tHo Grand ¦•Army, at the head of a proces
sions composed, of both 'Union and-Confed
erate 5 , veterans. ¦ - The f two • organizations
then Joined in -\ decorating the . graves " of
the -Union and - Confederate dead. - Judge
M., Li. -.Ward-' delivered the memorial ad
dress in. the Methodist church this morn
ing.- '- :' .- v .,¦ : ;. . ¦ --.¦..-..
¦ l '¦¦¦ ' ¦ l r^T — — .- ,. , „,, ~ .-¦'¦-¦ •¦";,-:"'.
1 were, sounded and v.ther school ¦
strewed the .waters 'of \ the - Pacific -with
their floral tribute: 'At the: National-Sol
diers'- Home; nine companies • of
paraded in fuiruniform and decorated' the,
graves of ', their r departed : tomrades:vGovr
ernor John L.B eve ridge' delivered the ora-'
tion in Memorial Hall..'; -V '::¦¦/. •. ,-;V.: v; r
Flowers Given to: Bay .Waters, " f i !
,v SANTA';. CRUZ," May SO^AllV V business
houses I and public > buildings were .. closed
here ; to-day. This moVnin'g, a large**crbwd
assembled ,oh the 1 wharf -and- beach ?to
participate, in .the ceremony of :¦> strewing
flowers on-.the .waters ¦ of uthejbay, in 'honor
of the memory of sailors ; lost at sea ' dur
ing the Civil War." Judge Lucas F.^Smith
delivered an' address. This afternoon lit
erary' exercises were/.held in j the : armory,
Rev.; E. ¦ D.;:McCreary;"-being;thev orator.
Afterward ' a •¦• procession Si ormed; " ' with
Grand . Army . veterans,-^' pioneers,' the Wo
man's Relief . Corps; v the; Naval ;"Reservej
Avalon Company of the Uniform" Ranfc*
Knights of Pythias; i and school children
in the line and marched to 'Odd Fellows',
Cemetery, ; where the.'graves; of -soldiers
were, covered with flowers., ¦.-.'. .• i v •;¦¦¦¦
Flag-Raisin^/St^BTallejo.
;; VAL.DEJO, May SO.— The/observance of
Memorial day- here under -the auspices * of
Farragut Post No. 4, Grand Army ofvthe
Republic, was Imposing. The procession
covered ; several blocks and a battalion of
marines from .Mare Island, .under com
mand of Captain J. T. Meyers, and'a large
delegation, of children - from the Good
Templars'. Orphans' Home 'were conspicu
ous features. The principal -exercises, of.
the day were "held-at-the Grand Army
plat. in Union Cemetery. Rev. George N.
Annes of. Napa delivered ; S the - oration.
Later there was a pretty flag-raising cere
mony; at the "city "park." "¦* Memorial ser
vices were held'at'the cemetery on. Mare
Island, ; Rev. :M.%L,..Macfarlari©-;dellvering
the oration. ¦ v ; (i :;^r •¦¦-i:-M; : .^!r.i^'{
YounS Ladiesfin 'th^iAnii: '-*>*
{.. SALI^ T AS,*OTay;7|o!^M(iBprial £ «ay,,> xf&a
appropriately observed "irtithla city.-"' Every
place of business was closed,- *J.-B* Steed
man Post No. 56, Grand .Army :bf; the Re
public; and the; Women's, Relief Coros..es
corted by troop C. National Guard of Cali
fornia and the Drill Corps of -the ' { ; Red
Cross Society of Salinas, • composed of
twenty-four young ladies 1 tinder the com
mand of Miss • Beatrice Porter.V marched
L' OS ANGELES, May SO.— Simple <
, yet impressive . . ceremonies
marked the", observance ¦_- of
¦Memorial day here. The morn
ing was gray and cloudy, .but
the weather.: did .: not | prevent
great crowds . attending the ex-"
ercises at ¦ the cemeteries ; - where the - na
tion's dead are buried. "At; Central 1 Park
the Seventh Regiment Volunteer Associa
tion held a brief and. Impressive memorial
service before Soldiers'. ¦¦;-; monument, in
honor, of the. comrades who 'gave up, their
lives during ' the « Spanish-'American war.
The members of the association inarched
to; the monument laden with a wealth of
floral ' off erings. Captain Fredericks of
Troop C..N. G. C, delivered the memorial
address and as the buglers blew "taps',"
the .volunteers filed silently by the monu
ment.' each man laying his tribute : -of
flowers at its base. - . : r .( "¦ ¦ ¦. -•
' : At Kosedale Cemetery, .. Stanton '. Post,
G. A. R., was , in charge of • the '.service
and at : Evergreen, Bartlett-Logan and
Kenesaw Posts" placed flowers, on the flag
marked ' graves of the dead sqldlers. •" A'
pretty feature of the ceremonies .was • the
presence, of hundreds of school I children,
who formed in double line at the- gates of
the cemeteries . and presented wreaths to
the veterans as they marched between
them. ' - - '. ;.-.¦ . ; ¦•¦:¦¦ ¦> ¦ _. ¦; . . ' ¦ .¦
Memorial exercises were % held* in* the
afternoon in Simpson Auditorium, under
the auspices of the G. A. R. The veterans
assembled at. 1:30 o'clock and marched to
% the c auditorium in a. body.'—-; The'' pro
gramme included addresses by the presi
dent or the day, B. N. Smith, Kev; J.L.
Pitner, R. J. Adcock 'of the Sons of Vet
erans and W.W.Widemann' of the ser
vice men of the Spanish war.
Californians Garland Soldier Graves and Cast Flow
ers to Waves That Cover Sailor Dead.
out to Odd; Fellows', 1 Cenietery.V There,:af-'
¦ s ter,;the'-ritual" services, of the . Grand .Army.
4 were:given .the graves of all-veterans /were
idecorated.'- "A consplctious:,f eature : in the
fline (was the -presence; of i several ex-Con-,
¦federate soldiers marching with the Union
.veterans. : -'-..- . . <./ v -- , . ¦•'¦'-. . : .'
They have shown themselves not unworthy of
you and they are entitled to the support, of
all men who are proud of what you did.
These younger comrades of yours have fought
under terrible difficulties and have received
terrible provocation from- a very cruel and very
treacherous enemy. Under the ; strain of these
provocations I deeply deplore to cay that some
among them have so far forgotten themselves
re to counsel and commit,' in retaliation, acts of
cruelty. The fact that lor every guilty act
committed by ene o* our ¦ troops'' a hundred
acts of far greater atrocity -. have , been com
mitted by the hostile natives upon our troops,
or upon the peaceable and law-abiding natives
¦who are friendly to us. cannot be. held to ex
cuse any wrongdoer on our side. Determined
ati4 unswerving effort must be made, and is
being made, to find out every instance of bar*
tarity. on the part of our troops, to punish
, those .guilty of it. and to take. If possible,
even stronger measures than have already been
taken to minimize or prevent the occurrence
of all euch Instances In the future.
Is It only in the Army of the Philippines
that Americans sometimes do acts that cause
the reet of Americans regret?., (Cries of "Oh,
no!") From time to time there occur in our
country, to th«? deep and lasting shame • of
our people, lynehlngs carried on under circum
rtanoes of inhuman cruelty and barbadty — a
crueSty Infinitely worse than any that has ever
been committed by our troops ¦ In the Philip
pines ; worse to the victims, and far man bru
talizing to those guilty of It. The men who
fall to condemn these lynchlngs, and . yet
clamor about what has been done in the
Philippines, are indeed guilty, of neglecting
the beam In their own eye while taunting their
brother about the mot* In his. Understand
me. These lynchlngs afford us no excuse for
failure to stop cruelty In the' Philippine*.
Ever}' effort is being made, and will be mad'
to minimize the chances of cruelty occurring.
But keep In mind that these cruelties In the
Philippines have been wholly exceptional, and
have been. ehame.lM'sljr exaggerated. We deeply
and bitterly regret that any such cruelties
should have been committed, no matter how
rarely, no matter under .what provocation, by
American troops. But tbey afford far less 'jus-'
tiflcation for a general condemnation of our
firmy than these lynchings afford for the con
demnation of the communities- in which ' they
have taken place. In each case It Is well to
«-onaemn the deed., and It is well ¦ also to - re-'
fraln from Including both guilty. and Innocent
in the came sweeping condemnation.
In every community there are people who'
commit acts of well-nigh inconceivable horror
•nd baseness. • If . we fix our eyes '-only" upon"
United States, who have for the last three
years patiently and uncomplainingly cham
pioned the American cause ¦ in the Philippine
iRlands, are your younger brothers, your sons.
which stand for the -black chaos of savagery
and barbarism. The task has not been as dlffi
cu'.t or as Important as yours, but. oh, my
comrades, the znen in the uniform of the
flag but the triumph of civilization over fcrces
dren.
TASK TN p-n-rr.TP-PTyrFS
Just at this moment the. army of the United
States, led by men who served among yci? in
the great war, is carrying to completion a
email but peculiarly trying end difficult war
tn which U Involved not only the honor of the
During our four generations of national life
we have had to do many tasks and some of
them of lar-reachlng importance, but the only
really vital task was the one you did — the task
of Eaving the Union. There were other crises
in which to have gone wrong would have
meant disaster, but this was the one crisis In
which to have gone wrong would have meant
not merely disaster but annihilation. For fail
ure at any other point atonement could have
been made: but had you failed in the Iron days
the loss would have been irreparable, the de
feat irretrievable. Upon your success depended
all the future of the people on this continent
and much of the future of mankind as a
¦whole.
Tou left us a reunited country. Tou left us
the right of brotherhood with the men In
irray, who with such courage and such devo
tion for what they deemed the right, fought
against you. But you left us much more even
than your achievement, for you left us the
memory of how it was achieved. You, . who
made good by your valor and patriotism, the
frtatesmanshlp of Lincoln and the soldiership
of Grant, have set as the standards for our
efforts in the future both the way you did your
work in war and the way In which when the
war was over you turned again to the work of
peace. In war and in peace alike your ex
ample will stand as the wisest of lessons to
us and our children and our children's cbil-
name America a symbol of hope among the
nations of mankind. Tou did the greatest
end most necessary task -which has ever fallen
to the lot of any men on this Western Eemi
ephere. Nearly three centuries have passed
eince the waters of our coasts were first fur
rowed by the keels of the men whose chil
dren's children were to inherit this fair land.
Over a century and a half of colonial growth
followed the settlement, and now for over a
century and a quarter -we have been a nation.
perilous years during which strong, sad. pa
tient Lincoln bore the crushing load of na
tional leadership, performed the one feat, the
failure to perform, which would have meant
destruction to everything which makes tha
Mr. Commander, comrades and you men and
¦women of the United States who owe . your
being here to what was done by the men of
the great Civil War, I graet you and thank
you lor the honor done me In asking me to
be present to-day.
It is a good custom for our country to have
certain solemn- holidays in commemoration of
our greatest men and of the greatest crises In
our history. There should be but few such
holidays. To increase their number is to
cheapen , them. Washington and Lincoln — the
m.in who did most to found the Union and the
man who did most to preserve it — stand head
and shoulders above all our other public men.
and have by common consent won the right to
this pre-exainence. Among the holidays which
commemorate the turning points in American
history Tianksgiving has a significance pecu
liarly Its own. On July 4 we celebrate the
birth of the nation; on this day, the 30th of
Hay. w« call to mini the deaths of those who
clei that the cation might live, who, wagered
all tt"»t life holds dear for the great prize of
death in battle, wno poured out their blood
life* water in order that the mighty national
structure raised -by the far-seeing patriotism
cf Washington. Franklin. Marshall. Hamilton
and the other great leaders of the revolution,
great framers of the constitution, should not
crumble into meaningless ruins.
You whom I address to-day and your com
rades who wore the blue beside you in the
outburst of applause.
E. B. Hay read Lincoln's Gettysburg aa
dress. President Roosevelt followed, and
as he arose he was again greeted with the
plaudits of the immense audience, which
stretched far outside the limits of the
amphitheater. During his address he was
frequently interrupted by . bursts of ap
plause. The President spoke as follows:
PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
WASHINGTON*. May SO.—
Memorial Day was ob
served hero perhaps more
generally than . ever be
fore- The announcement
that President Roosevelt
would deliver the oration
at Arlington brought' to that historic city
of the dead a vast concourse of people.
The local arrangements. were in charge of
the Department of the Potomac, and in
cluded a parade of all the Grand Army of
the Republic and other patriotic organi
zations, the decoration of monuments and
graves and addresses by men prominent
in the affairs of the Government.
At Arlington a national salute was fired
at 12 o'clock by the Fourth Battery, Unit
ed States Field Artillery. Music was ren- ;
dered by the Marine Band and by the
Memorial Choir. Upon arriving at Arling
ton the procession marched to the tombs
of the unknown. During^the decoration
of tombs by the special committee chosen
from the Grand Army of the Republic
organizations and auxiliary societies, the
iiarine Band played an appropriate selec
tion. " ¦
The procession then broke up and the
decoration of graves began. A touching
feature was the strewing of flowers over
the graves of the Confederate dead bur
ied in the cemetery. Meantime a va&t
crowd had assembled at the amphitheater,
where the services were conducted. The
familiar strains of "Nearer. My God, to
Thee" by the Marine Band marked the
beginning of the services. President
Roosevelt's arrival was the signal for an
»Thls should no more be a party question than
the war for .the Union should have .been a
party ¦ question. At this moment the man in
highest - office . in the Philippine Islands 1 is the
Vice Governor. General : Luke Wright of Ten
nessee. - who" gallantly, wore the gray ;¦ in < the
Civil .War/and who Is now working, hand In
hand with the head of our, army in the Phil
ippines, : Adna ; Chaffee, who In the Civil War
gallantly wore the blue. ' Ttiose two. and 'the
men tinder them, from the North and from
the.. South,- Jn civil . life, and In military' 1 life,
as teachers, as administrators, as soldiers, are
laboring mightily for us "• who » live at home.
Here * and there black ' sheep are to be - found
Nor, while fully acknowledging our- duties
to others, need 'we forget our duty, to our own
country. The Pacific seaboard Is as much to
us as the Atlantic: as we grow in power and
prosperity so pur interests will grow. In that
farthest West which. Is the Immemorial East
The shadow of our destiny has already reached
to the shores of Asia. JThe might of. our peo
ple already looms largef against . the world-hor
izon; and It will loom ever larger as the, years
go by. No statesman 'has a right to neglect
the Interests of our people In . the Pacific- In
terests: which are important to all our ¦ people
but which are of most importance ; to those of
our people who have built populous and thriv
ing States on the Western slope of our coun
tlnent. BEP49Hn*«IMBMVMMt
WORTH OF THE WEST.
Peace and freedom— are there two better ob
jects for which a soldier can fight? Well
these are precisely the objects for which our
?h^l e 7 ?*n flght1^ In the Philippines. When
-PhmnlS th t crueltles committed in' the
Philippines remember always that by far the
SEi2m P S 0 £° rtl £ n .° f these cruel »« have been
S^^f y .V 16 lnsur *«ts against their own
?^F^ S , Wel L M *«a»nef'our Bol< j, ers _ and
that not only the surest but the only effectual
way of .topping them is by the progress of
the American arms. The victories of the Amer
ican army have been the really effective means
of putting a stop to cruelty in the Philippines:
Wherever thes% victories have been complete
and such is now the case throughout the
greater part of the Islands— all cruelties havl
ceased and the native Is secure™ hto Hfr
his liberty and his pursuit of happiness Where
the insurrection still smolders there is aJwayl
a chance for cruelty to show itself. ax ™ a w>
i*rt f«^2lfl c e nquer: ani wh *t is the ob
ject for which they conquer? To establish a
military government? No. The lawaTwe are
now endeavoring to enact for the govern!
Sf nt Of i h i «»"»PPta« are to increfse the
£?Th r «•« *w>»lnorthe civil at the expense
mo^%^^ "tary authorities, and to render even
more difficult than In the past the chance of
oppression. The military pSwer is used I to%e
c e r « peace. In order that it may Itself be bud
planted by the civil government. The progreL
?™^ A ,? eri *T 1 J lrm9 . mean8 the abolition of
?rt elt >- the bringing of peace, and the rule of
m^^^°n ° rder . un <5er the civil government.
V? 11 " 0118 have conquered, to create irre
sponsible military rule. We conquer to brlnir
just and -responsible civil government to thl
conquered. But our armies do more than bring
ESSf' 6 ° mOre Mng orter - They br nf
J£? ?• f R f™ elnber al^ys that the independ
ence of a tribe or a community may, and often
does^ have nothing whatever to do with the
m Ot n-l b * Indiv Idual in that tribe or com
munity. There are now in Asia and Africa
scores of despotic monarchies, each of which
Is Independent, and in no one of which Is there
th * * lEThtest vestige of freedom for the Uidl
v dual mar. Scant Indeed is the gain to man
kind from the "Independence" of a blood
stained tyrant who rules over abject and • hru
talized slaves. But great is the gain to hu-
P 1 ?^ T hlch foll( > ws - th e steady though slow
introduction of the orderly-, liberty, the law
abiding freedom of the individual, which is
the only sure foundation upon which national
i?J J .?P en . dcnce can built. WTierever in the
Philippines the Insurrection has been definitely
and finally put down, there the individual Fil
ipino > already enjoys ; such freedom such per
sonal, liberty, under our rule, as he could'never
even drearn of under the rule of an "Independ
ent Acuinaldian ' oligarchy. • .-.-¦
The slowly -learned and difficult 'art ' of'self
government,- an art which our people have
taught themselves by the labor of a, thousand
years, cannot be gra&ped In a day by a people
on J y J Ui>t emer 8 ln sr from, conditions of life
which our ancestors left behind them in the
dim years before history dawned. ¦ We believe
that we can t rapidly teach the people of the
Philippine Islands not only how to, enjoy but
how to make good use of their -freedom: and
with their growing knowledge . their growth In
self-government shall keep steady pace. When
they have thus shown their capacity for real
freedom by - their power of ' self-government,
theryand not till then. wilMt be. possible to
decide whether they are to exist independently
of us or be knit to us by ties of common friend
ship and Interest. When that day will come
it is not in human wisdom now to foretell 'All
that we can say with certainty Is that It would
be put back 'an immeasurable distance If we
should yield to the counsels of unmanly weak
ness and turn loose the islands, to see our vic
torious foes butcher with revolting cjuelty our
betrayed friends, and ¦ shed the blood of " the
most humane, the most enlightened, the most
peaceful, the wisest and the best of theJr own
number — for these are the • classes who have
already learned to welcome our rule
INSURGENT CBTJELTIES.
It behooves us to keep a vigilant watch to
prevept these abuses and to punish those who
commit them; but Ir because of them we
flinch from finishing the task on which we
nave entered we show ourselves cravens and
weaklings, unworthy of . the sires* from whose
loins we sprang. There were abuses and to
spare in the Civil- War. Your false friends
then. called Grant a "butcher", and. spoke of
you who are listening to me as mercenaries,
as Lincoln's hirelings." Your open foes—
as in the resolution passed by the Confederate
Congress In October, 1862 — accused you at
great length and with much particularity of
contemptuous ydlsregard of the usages of civil
ized war* ; of, 'subjecting women and children
to banishment, imprisonment and death"; of
murder," of "rapine," of "outrages on wo
f '^Je" cruelty." of "perpetrating
atrocities which would be - disgraceful to sav
ages ; and Abraham Lincoln was singled out
for special attack because of 'his "spirit of
barbarous .ferocity." Verily these, men who
thus foully slandered you have their heirs to-
SJ.T11 n ,- th0Se wl "> traduce : our armies .in the
Philippines, who fix their eye, on individual
deeds of wrong jso keenly., that at last they
*^?l"' n J. t( > ">e treat work of peace and
freedom that has already been accomplished. E
The rules ¦ of warfare which have been; pro
mulgated by the War department and accepted
as the basis of conduct by our troops -In the
Held are the rules laid down by Abranam Lin
coln when you, my hearers, were lighting for
the Union. These rules provide, of course, for
the Just severity necessary in.war.'.Tne most
destructive \ of all forms of cruelty would be
to show weakness where sternness is demanded
by iron need. But all cruelty is forbidden,' and
ml harshness beyond what is called -for c by
need. Our enemies In .the Philippines have not
merely violated every rule of -war, but have
made of these violations their only method of
carrying on the war. We would have been
justified by Abraham Lincoln's rules of war in
infinitely greater severity than has been shown.
The fact really is that our warfare in the
Philippines has been carried on with singular
humanity. .For every act of cruelty by- our
men there have been innumerable acts of for
,bearance, magnanimity and generous kindness
These are the qualities -which have" character-'
ixed the war as a whole. The cruelties have
been wholly exceptional ! on our part - •
The guilty are to be punished; but In punish
ing them let. those who sit at ease at home,
who walk delicately and live in the soft places
or the earth, remember also to do them, com
mdn justice. Let not v . the effortless . and the
untempted rail overmuch at strong men who
with blood and sweat tace . years of toil and
days and nights of agony, and at need lay
down their lives in remote tropic jungles to
bring the light of civilization into the world's
£T k *. places - The warfare that has extended
the boundaries of civilization at the - expense
of barbarism and savagery has been for cen
turies one of the most potent ¦ factors in the
progress of humanity. Yet from its very nature
It has always and everywhere been liable to
dark abws«8. .
SEVERITY IN WAIU
these individuals - and upon their acts, and if
we forget the far more numerous citizens of
upright and honest life and blind ourselves ! to
their countless deeds' of .wisdom . and ¦ justice
and philanthropy, it is easy . enough to con
demn the cotamunity. There is not a. city in
this land which we • could not thus condemn
it we fixed our eyes purely upon its , police
record and refused to look at what it had ac
complished for decency and Justice 'and char
ity. Tet this is exactly the attitude which has
been taken by too many* men with reference to
our army in- the Philippines; and "it is an at
titude both absurd and cruelly unjust.
Soldiers Who Struggled to Preserve
the Union Are Accorded Praise
by. the Country's Executive
Nation's Chief Makes a Notable
Address to Veterans in Sight
of Arlington's Honored Graves
Promptly. at 12 o'clock noon the com
memorative ceremonies commenced with
the firing, of 'twenty-one guns, . the ¦ na- -
t'.onal salute. Roncovieri's band ¦ played
"Nearer. My God, to Thee" with great ef
fect. 4 and J. H. Macomber, chaplain'. U. S*.
A., retired, pronounced, the invocation. He
referred to th9 blessings enjoyed by the
The sight was an affecting one, particu
larly as the plat was surrounded by, the
comrades of the deceased veterans, " who '
felt that each memorial day . found ' them -
not less eager/but less able to' render
their tributes to the memory of their com
rades In arms. ¦ '¦¦";' '.';
The Grand Army plat at -the Odd Fel
lows'- Cemetery was surrounded : by . a
large and sympathetic crowd almost 'all
day. Few if any of the people .who. went'
to the cemetery where the graves of those
who - died in the Civil War are '.'¦' locate*
without a floral offering,- with the result
that flowers appeared In, such profusion
that there were few spots in the plat un
covered by fragrant blossoms. ','."¦•
McKINLAY PAYS
TRIBUTE TO THE
NATION'S DEAD
Golden Gate avenue, after which the vet
erans marched to Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
} Over in the firemen's plat.ln Laurel HiU -
Cemetery the graves of fire heroes were
covered with flowers. The remains of
Chiefs Fred D. Kohler, David Scanneli and
F. E. R. Whitney lie burled there, and
also those pf H. D. Claftey, first foreman
of- No. 3 hose; Fred Rosecamp, first fore
man of hook and ladder No. 1; Jere J.".
Kelly, . first . foreman of engine No. • 2;
Captain James Riley, assistant chief
ecgineer; W. D. I* Hall, first fore
man of Monumental Engine Company- No.
6, and others. •. . * ¦* :
' A memorial mass was suns: at- St."
Mary's Cathedral at 10 o'clock for the re
pose of the souls of the deceased members
of the League of the Cross Cadets. The
Rev. Charles A. Ramm was the* celebrant. '
Father O'Ryan, chaplain of the regiment,
was present. At the end of the* services
Archbishop. Riordan spoke of the beauti
ful custom of remembering- the dead and
exhorted the youthful soldiers to lead
upright lives.
Rev. William Rader delivered the Mem
orial day address at San Quentin yester
i day. There was appropriate music and the
address was enthusiastically received;. -:
Early In the morning the steam' launch
from the U. S. S. Marion went out'to>
sea In charge of Captain Nerney and Lieu
tenant Kammerer and strewed flowers
over the ocean, while Chaplain Charles
Edelman read. the burial service for the
dead. A salute, of -ten guns was fired, a
fitting tribute to the heroes who have ¦
passed away and now rest tn the sea..
Troops March Through Streets of
City and to Graves of Their
Departed Comrades in Arms
At- '^ddfc.* National;
. - Gemeteries Solemn IServices Are
yvHeliyfpf Heroes Buried There:"
t:: HE s air. was ; fragrant •, with the '
... breath; of. flowers yesterday. "On
. the . graves" of the " dead ; and on
' the sea. flowers : were' strewn in
tribute to the departed. >Memor-
| ial' day ' was "_. observed " through-
. '.'.- - ..outjthe, city -with ser
vice. Ceremonies were conducted. at many
.of the cemeteries and all were visited by
ivarious; organizations or ?the and
friends. of^ those, asleep in : the tomb.
¦ , At 10 i a. 1 : ; ml- ' the parade - started on its
: way, ¦ led by a squad' of police, in f utt-uni
form:Following ; closely came. Colonel H.
T.vSime, grand marshal, in khaki and rid
,ing; behind: him' .were :histchief of staff,
Captain-A.'r J ; Kelleher, : andhls chief aid.
Major Sidney Loop; his aids being Captain
. A. vB.. Donnelly, John" Murphy. W. J. ."Wat
• son, ; John : Jcalnsbury, ; Captain" A. C. Ad
. ler* and Lieutenant A. G. "Wells. The ar
tillery,- followed/commanded * by Lieuten
ant 1 Colonel G. . S. Grimes, •¦ who rode In
advance? with, his :staff.S The Coast Artil
-lery r. was > under -.command .of > Major C.
vv. Hobbs. Under him : . were - Company
One Hundred and Pive Captain L. R. Bur
gess; Company "Twenty-eight, Lieutenant
L. C: Lewis; Company Twenty-nine, Lieu
tenant 1 Hinz,' and Company Ninety-two,
Captain ¦ B. M. Koehler.
ARTILLERY . IN ; LINE.
?• The ; Eighteenth • and ¦ Fifth Batteries of
Field Artillery, followed, the Eighteenth
being- under L - command of Captain "D.- J.
RumbaughC and the Fifth j under Captain
J. L. Hayden. The navy band ; stationed
.at the training school on Yerba Buena
Island headed • the second division con
sisting of - apprentices . from the United
States training ship ¦ Pensacola. The Na
tional Guard comprised the. fourth division
of the parade. The battalions were com
manded . by Majors George Filmer and
Thomas J.McCrea. < Next came the First
Battalion of Artillery and the First Artil
lery band. , The artillery was commanded
by Major/H. -P. 'Bush. Troop A^Cavalry,
Captain ..Charles i Jensen, followed the
artillery. *: ; , . . ;
The fifth. division consisted of the offi
cers and crew of the United States steam
er » , Marion, commarided by Captain
Thomas:A. ; Nerney. t - y
-Veterans of the , Mexican war, - in car
riages./ f ormed.\the sixth . ¦division:- Fol
lowing j them ¦ came the ¦ various posts of
the Grand Army of the Republic, march
ing fully : a' thousand strong. After them
came the Girls" Choral from . James
IJck grammar school,, in wagonettes.
-¦ The military company, of the Columbia
Park Boys' Club formed , the seventh di
vision: .-Adjutant : General ' George Stone
and staff (representing Governor Gage) :
Brigadier ¦ General R. H. Warfleld and
staff; D: E.McKInlay. orator of the day;
Mrs,-, Clara Brown I Bell, poet of the day,
and Chaplain J. H. Macomber, TJ. S. A.'
(retired), in carriages,. formed the eighth
;and last division. : , ~ •, ' ••
' ; IS^ M^IEWED^;
. Colonel. G.- S.' Grimes reviewed, the-pa
rade at -.the., corner;. of . Polk i street . and
THE; SAN FBAKjEIgQO ;CALI,, SATURDAY, MAY ,31, 1903;:;
ROOSEVELT UPBRAIDS UNJUST CRITICS
OF TROOPS AT WAR IN THE PHILIPPINES
3
Twenty — yes, even .fifteen— years 2 ago the
automobile was not considered seriously as a
means' of locomotion! . Time^has i wrought a change. .
I. • Mqdern : ;inyentions * and improvements : have made
. it practicable: - To- day. you do \hot marvel at its
'possibilities. . •
[:;¦' [ Just so; in Uncommercial world, modern im-
; proyements_i place \ all sorts. of; manufactured mer- ' -
.charidise; before people at > lower prices than twenty'
• years Jago. '¦?¦'¦] 'WffSBSBm ¦
¦¦'. ; In .bygone^:^days a tailor-made suit was con- -
.;; sidered;:a: luxury, .afforded' by on'y the wealthy.
¦.";• /Hbwf different -now I Why, we sell a good siiit
7 made: to: -your measure for only $10.00, and
-the t ddth: is all wool; -while the wprkmanship is
; careful:y;'vdone f by' experienced ; tailors. Modern :
manufacturihg; and .merchandising make "such a
valued possible. ;;.';:;¦'
I;-,May"we "give you; samples of these
$10.00 suits? I
$ : , <A plentiful <quantity : is .free for the asking. We
have; many Theat; lightpatterns for summer wear. ¦
Sutis for cutof-town customers satisfactorily made through our self-
; measuring sysiem-iwrite for m P' es '\MS^mB^naBg/^
I] Cbi\ P^oweil and EddyjStreitsirrIN AND ABOUT THE SHOW RING YESTERDAY AFTERNOON DURING THE HEIGHT OF THE JUDGING.
Trying to Match«Boot and. Gardner.
The Century Athletic Club "of'Los An
geles has .made overtures 1 to Jack 5Root
and George- Gardner f or.^ a . fight - in that
city 'July.4. Gardner, isiwilling and a re
ply - is expected: from Root; to-day.' j ¦ '
Irish- Girl Wins Golf; Champidnsliip.
LONDON* May 30.—In the contest-for
the ladies' golf championship at Deal to
day, Miss Heslet of Port ¦ Rush,". Ireland,
won, defeating Miss Neville at the twen
tieth hole, after a tie. -..-, "'•¦¦.c¦"-¦"-¦¦>
; " The surprise of ' the day.' was the defeat
of 'Robert Whitney at "the hands of Col
lier.;- The -.last' named 'drew ; his v partner,
Harold Crowell, and the longest and most
stubbornly-contested: match of 4 the. day
resulted:-. With. the score standing set all
and. 4-0 in favor, of Crowell,; his opponent
by- a , supreme : effort pulled out -the odd
set.. -Collier, was very/ tired , when he
played .Whitney, and '. 'the last named
stajted"out to linish" him; but the base
line; • experts played ? a. steady • game and
pulled: out the -match. Whitney was in
poor, form. throughout >the :day. In his
Jlrst match Al'KenyOn, a third-class man,
almost' beat 'him. : Keny'on' played a re
markably;; good -game' and with a little
more , experience might, have -won.
- ; The - park experts , were • somewhat out
classed and did not get far into. the tour
nament. -James Codes was the most, suc
cessful,* being the only;- one" to win a
match. ' Sherwood Adams played a strong
•game : • and ; caused '- quite ; a surprise : by
beating 'Merle. Johnson In straight ¦«¦ sets.
Percy; Murdock ?, and - Grant Smith- had
very, easy drawings andj-eached the semi
finals ? without '"' much : . difficulty. . - In his
match' with Will'Allen;- Smith was rather
I careless; in the first set,' but won. the next
two x handily. ;.. The wind . was > very strong
and' favored the-; poorer.'- players wery
much. , ¦¦¦¦•;- . v .•....-- " .
: ; Following Is a summary "of the tourna
ment: .,.: . .¦¦ ¦;¦ ;;:•. ' /-¦-;..-'•
¦ ' Preliminary \. round— Frank Mitchell . beat
Charles r Dunlap; ' 4-6, 7-5, 1 6-1 : R; ¦ N. Whitney
beat :Al ' Kenyon.'- 7-0, 6-4, 6-4; George^Bates
beat Sidney" Smith. 1 ; 6-0,* ,7-5; '•W.f'B.i Collier
beat .' Harold '.. Crowell,"; 9-7, 1 4-6. \' 8-6; " Hamilton
Murdock beat ' Jfi S.-. Brady, '• 6-2 6-2; Will Allan
beat John CaBsell. 6-3, 6-3; Charles Kuehn beat
Bradley -: Wallace. iO-1,76-1 ; = Grant iSmlth ' won
fr«m'.H.VE.tPunnett ; by:defaHlt.*?./: '¦¦-'- \ ;',
'» 'First ; , round-^ Adams ¦ beat r Alee-^eyfussi"' 6-4^
6-4;' Merle." Johnson beat " Harry. Routh,' 6-3 '?0-7 -
6-2 ; /.Whitney - beat -t Mitchell. Y 6-1? ; 6-3 • fColIi^r
: beat Bates, ¦ 6-1, :: 6-2; Allen -beat Murdock,- 6-3."
1 6-3 ; : Smith ; beat " Kuehn,- 6-3. ' 6-1 ; - James Code
Twenty-four tennis players contested
fbr the, championship of San Francisco on
the California Club courts yesterday.' At
thej.ehd-of the [day's. "play but four re
mained In the ; tournament! 'The men who
reached-, tho eemi-flhala "and are , assured
"of prizes are Sherwood Adams, W.B. Col
lier; .Percy,. Murdock . of. Alanieda and
!Grant' Smith. •" . ¦','¦ .
The San Francisco. Golf Club held an
eighteen - hole handicap ' tournament
against bogey yesterday,: on the Presidio
links.' Although the. day was windy and
unpleasant there were seventeen competi
tors in tBe tournament. . The first j p_rtze
was won by S. L. Abbott Jh who, with
a handicap of four, brought in a score of
four down. - '¦'-'• " ¦ ' y . .
The second prize was .'closely contested
for by J.^W. Byrne, handicap. 2, score "5
- down. H. C.\ Golcher, handicap , 2,\ caffle
in 5 down, and W. Leslie Comyn, handi
cap 8'- ended 5 down. - \ % :~>w
! These three golfers ' agreed ; to play oft
the tie ¦ for the second -prize "some. -time
next week. The first prize was a. beauti
ful glass and silver vase, the second a
silver cup. - ' •. , '. .¦ ' :., .
The other entries in \the tournament
were P.. McBean, C. F." Mullins, . Dr. ; J.
R. Clark, J. - R. : Santon, •. Louis F. ,Monte
agle, Charles Page, H. A. Blackman.Rol
la V. WattrL.; B. Edwards, D. 3: Rum-'
baugh, William J.\ Dutton; H. M. <Hoyt
and Dr. Thomas G.McConkey..
Olympic Club's Crack Run-
Wins time' 1 Prize in
I Annual- Two- Mile
Champion Player Goes'Down
: t6 Defeat. Beneath Great
>SkiH'of B.. Collier
. .. ...j ..... I _..¦ :.r ... -\
Polo Team in . England to
Have &~ Very ¦ difficult
-Game, Say Many Experts
Prize Jn San v Francisco
Golf Club's Tournament
Abbott Captures the- First
GARCIA MAKES
FASTEST TIME
IN THE RACE
STRONG WIND
CAUSES SOME
POOR SCORING
WHITNEY FAILS
TO REACH THE
SEMI-FINALS
BRITONS MAY
TAKE LAURELS
OF AMERICANS
The tanbark ring was laid in front/ of
the clubhouse, the spacious verandas' of
which furnished a coign of. vantage from
which the interesting competition could be |
viewed.. The ring was in the form of an |
overgrown "8." The two. -circles were
beds of green lawn, which made a pleas-
Ing contrast with the dull red of the tan- i
bark. A tastefully decorated stand on the
opposite side of the ring from the club
house provided an excellent viewpoint
for the people of the countryside. During
the afternoon there was a large attend
ance of spectators, who came in all man
ner of conveyances, from an Irish jaunt
ing car to a puffing automobile.
Competition was keen in man v of the
classes. The most, exciting was'that for
the best high-stepper in the show. Two
old rivals. Walter Hobart's horse Para
gon, driven by his owner, and George A.
Pope's Sweetheart, which have been com
peting against the other since 1893, were
again brought together. E. D. Beyland
and ,W, Mayo Newhall looked the" class
over long and critically. They were un
able to agree as to the disposition of the
blue ribbon and finally called F. S. Moody
to their assistance. Walter; Hobarf car
ried off the blue ribbon triumphantly and
also a silver cup, which went with it.
BJRLINGAME Country Club
never presented a' more animat
ed appearance nor a more pleas
ing one than It did yesterday on
the occasion of the third annual
open-air horse show held under
the patronage of the club. .
The jumping competition was the last
on the day's programme. It was the best
ever seen at a show here, although ' the
entry was small. The principal event nar
rowed down to a match between Walter
Hcbart and John Lawson. The former
rode his once great horse Royalty, which
shows signs of his advancing i'ears. John
Lswson rode Vanity, a slashing big thor
oughbred, which raced over the'jumps in
the colors of Edward Corrigan some years
since. After being sent over the
small jumps the judges were unable 10
decide between the two horses, and Mr.
Lawson Suggested a high jump. The bar
was put at about five feet. On the third
attempt Loyalty cleared it. Vanity was
not so fortunate, knocking the bar down
Each lady received a blue ribbon. It
required no straining of gallantry on the
part' of the judged to make so obviously
deserving an award.
An * interesting feature of the competi
tion during the day was the appearance
of a number of ladies as amateur
"whips." Miss Maud Bourn, Miss Taylor,
Miss Florence Whittell, Mrs. H. T. Scott
and Miss Graham were among those who
Ehowed their ability in the ring.
A. P. Welch's Nip was placed . second ;
Walter S. Martin's Baron third. Sweet
heart was. unplaced. 'This, was pronounc
ed a wonderful class, the opinion being
freely expressed that it could not be beat
en outside the New York show. , V; ;.•
President George Aimer' Newhall carried
off the . blue ribbon in the four-in-hand
class. With him on his coach were Mrs.
George Lent, Miss Carrie Taylor, Mrs.
Osgood Hooker and Mrs. Austin Tubbs,
with his .knees/ The blue ribbon ;went*to
Mr. Hobart amid much applause.' - s ' . .'
: Joseph Dyer with Gadfly in r the
pony class/ taking his fences like the fin
ished horseman which 'he 1b. ~
Among the well-known pedple in attend
ance were: . ,- --.- - .
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Moody, Mrs. F. A.. Frank,
Mr. and Mrs. Dan T. Murphy, Mr. and Mrs.
George A. Pope, Mrs. George H. Lent, Mr. and
Mrs. R. O. Hooker. Mr. and .Mrs, .Osgood
Hooker, " Mr. and Mrs. W. . B. Bourn, ¦ Miss
Bourn, Miss Helen Chesebroucrh, Miss Emily
Wilson, • Miss Lucie* King. Princess • Ponlatow
skl, Mrs. J. A. Folg*r, Mr., and Mrs. J. D.
Grant, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Crockett, Mr. and
Mrs. H. T. Scott, Mr. and Mrs.. Laurance T.'
Scott. -Mr. and Mrs. A.C. Taylor,' Miss Frances
Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. W. P. A. Brewer, Mr.
*nd Mrs. W. B. Tubbs, Mr. and Mrs.' Alfred
Tubbs. • Mrs. Austin , Tubbs. Mr. » and Mrs.
Mountford S. AVilson, Mr. and Mrs. Robert L.
Coleman, Colonel and Mrs. Chamberlain. John
Parrott, Miss Marie Louise Parrott, Dr. Her
bert Carolan, Mr. and Mrs. James . Carolan,
Miss Pearl . Landers, Mies Sara " Drum,
Miss Carrie Taylor, ' Mrs. and Miss- Whlttell,
MUa Kohl, Mr. and- Mrs. Alfred B. Ford, Mr.
and Mrs. Richard Sprague, Frank G. Drum.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mr., and Mrs.
Alexander Williams, Mr. and Mrs. , H. p. '
Schwerin, " Mlea Jennie Hooker, Mn and Mrs.'
A.-M. Easton. Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Green,,
Mr. -and Mrs. Daniel Drysdale. Mr. . and '¦ Mrs.
William H. - Crocker, Mr. and Mrs.". Julius
Kruttschnltt, George Aimer Newhall. Major
J. L. Uathbone. Walter S. Hobart, Thomas A.
Drlscoll, Gerald Rathbone. Wilfred B.* Chap
man, .E.D. Bcylard, John Flournoy, J,. Dal
zell Brown, J. H. Rouseter, A. P.. Welch. Hen
rique T.'Grau. Dr. H. B. de Marville, D. Lynch
Pringle. W. Mayo Newhall,^ E. W. " Ncwhall;
Harry Scott, Prescott Scott,- W. H. Taylor,
W.-F.-Qoad, Joseph O. Toblti,- Eugene Murphy,*
Frank J. - Grace, John Lawson. E. M. Green
way:: H. P. Bowie, - Antolne Borel and'Kverett
N. Bee. ...... ¦ ¦.... , .......
• :The show, moved as smoothly, as if it
.were an everyday -occurrence at "the San
Mateo County clubhouse. . Major . J. L.
R&thbone and his associates on the com
mittee had done their work -well. The
fete will be concluded to-day. .An inter
esting-programme has been prepared. The
results in detail: . ¦ \ ";
, - Harness horse. 15 hands 3 inches or over, spe
cial prize, silver cup — Won by R.- P. Schwer
ln's Hazel; W. B. Tubb'o Fred- second and
R.L. Coleman's Dictum, third. ' :
Pair harness horses, 14 hands 3 inches arid
under 10 hands-^Won by J. S. Tobin's Sunshine
and Shadow. . ¦
. Pony, under saddle, 13 hands 2 Inches and
under 14 hands— Won by Miss Florence Whlt
tell's Gadfly; W."B. Bourn's Greygo'wn second,
Frank J. Graced ;Carita third. ..¦'., .<7'."*>
Single roadster and best appointed road rig-
Won by A. P. Welch's Alto; W. B.^ Bourn's
Tom Black second," and Leary Brothers' Volante
third; V v . ¦ ,;• ; • ;
I ' Pair of ponies, 12 hands and under 13 hands
—Won 'by Miss Jennie Crocker's Midget and
Major. . - .
.Single pony in harness, under 12 hands — Won
by R. P. Schwerin's Music. A. P. Welch's entry
second, and George A. Pope's third.
. ¦ Harness tandem — Won by W. S. Hobart's en
try, .Walter 8. Martin's Baron and Llghtfpot
second. , ' ¦-.' ¦¦.-_• •. •¦ ¦ / . , - . - .
» Ladies' saddle horse, 13 hands or over — Won
by R.' P. Schwerln's Carlos; Mrs. H. T. Scott's
Jim • Crow second.
¦ ¦- Poay in : harness. ¦ 13 hands. 2 inches and un
der 14 hands 3 inches — Won by W. ' B.. Bourn's
Grtygown, - driven by Miss Maud Bourn ; . Miss
: •¦ ¦-•¦.' . ¦ . •._¦•.. - , V - ¦ ¦,iV;.-»»«
Florence " Whitten*s ' GaMy; — driven' by «wner,
second, and B. L. Coleman's Dolly II third.
•'Pair of harness horses, 15 hands 3 Inches or
ovei< — Won- by Templeton Crocker's Ben Bolt
and Crusader, J. D. Grant's Titian and Sandy
second.
• Single - delivery wagon — Won by Levy
Brothers; double delivery wagon won by
Charles Cnristtanson; four-horse team, San
Mateo Lumber Company. Sweepstakes for be3t
of class "won by' the latter.
Saddle hcrse, 14 hands 3 Inches and under
15 hands 2 inches — Won by H. T. Scott's Silver
Tip. W. B. Tubb's Diablo second, and Miss
Bessie Rosseter's Jack third.
Four in hands. Park team — Won by George
Aimer NewhalTs four.
Horse and runabout — Won by J. S. Tobin's
His Highness. A. P. Welch's .Aito second, and
W. B. Bourn's Tom Black third.
Best I high stepper tn the show, champion
class — Won by Walter S. Hobarfs Paragon. A.
P. Welch's^ Nip second and W. S. . Martin's
Baron third.
. Appointment class, best ¦ horse 14 hands 3
inches and not over 15 hands 3 inches, suitable
for lady to "drive — Won by Miss Taylor's Mer
maid, driven by owner: second W. B. -Bourn's
Dublin, driven by Miss Bourn, and third George
Aimer Ne-whall's Newport, driven by Hiss
Trlxie Graham. / , » ,
Harness horse, suitable for gig— Won by A.
P. ."Welch's Nip; Mrs. J. A. Folder's Roxane
second, and G. A.' Pope'B Actor third.
Best pair of horses suitable for a lady to
drive — Won by H. T. Scott's Laddie and Lassie,
driven by Mrs. Scott: George Aimer Newhall's
Burllngame and Newport, , driven by Zliss
Graham," second ¦
Jumping- class for hunters — 'Won by . "W." S.
Hobart's Royalty; second John Lawson's Van
ity. ¦•¦:¦¦¦ - ¦ . ¦_ .- .
Jumping class for ponies — Won-.by Miss Flor
ence Whlttell's Gadfly, ridden by Joseph Dyer.
ATHLETES MAY
REDUCE MANY
TRACK MARKS
Sensational Performances-Are
Expecte d To- Day When
¦Some Fast Sprinters. Meet
NEW YORK/ May 3O.-The showing
made* by. the; athletic collegians in tho
preliminary heats and trials in the track
and field contests which took place at
Berkeley Oval to-day gives promise that
some unusually clever performances will
be; seen to-morrow. :
•\As was expected. Harvard and Yale out
tracked all the other colleges in the num
ber of men qualified from each. "Har
vard has nineteen and Yale eighteen out oi
the list of 'eligibles for the finals to-mor
row. - The ¦ next in point of numbers ia>
iimccton with eight, California seven,
, Pennsylvania tiVe, Cornell , four, Amhersc
three. Columbia, Georgetown ana Syra
cuse two each and Rutgers and Williams
ono each. , • .
E. Duffey of Georgetown and
Schick, won -their individual heats in the
100 yard dash in even time. If the track
Is ¦. in good condition either ' or both will
equal and probably breaK the existing
record of 9 4-5 seconds. : v
: Some disappointment -was felt at the
showing maae by A. D. Plawof California
in the weight events. He failed to qualify
in .the shot-put, his best effort being 40
feet 8 inches. In the 16-pound hammer
throw Dewitt broke all previous Intercol
legiate records. He threw the missile 164
feet 10 inches. Plaw was his nearest op
ponent with; 144 feet 7. inches.
beat C. J. Smith, 6-4,' 6-4; Percy Murdock
beafHomer Parker, 7-5/6-1. r , ¦ aauruoc ' i
"Second round— Adams beat Johnson 6-4 7-5-
Collier, beat Whitney. 3-6, 7-5. t>-3- Smith' beat
Allen. 4-C. 6-3, «-l ; . Murdock beat Code,
C"2, '¦;'»*' ¦ - -. ' ¦
Each of the players. reaching the semi
finals; will receive a silver \ cup, - Geors-n
Whitney, 1 the ¦• present . champion, "did tin"
enter, and the championship will V o ti „ i
first class man, as Bob Whitney the onl?
championship man I entered," was def ea VpY
-The .tournament: -will; be completed on
Sunday, and 'there will vbe some g O °"
matches. Adams will play Collier aid
Murdock -will ; play Smith; Both Adams ¦'•
and Collier .were in • fine ) form yesterdav
while Murdock and Smith seemed to&
somewhat - oft 1 in " their ¦ play. The semi
final matches will be : two ; sets , out of
three, while the finals will be three out of
SUMMARY/.
First race. 2:40 class; heats 2 in 3:
Bondy C. (Dr. A. McLaughlin). 1 1
Lady Larsen (B. H. Airel 1 1 neer) . .' 3 . 2
Cuba (J. G. Cuiceflo) .- 2 3
Joe Bonney <J. O'Kane) .."...... .......... Die.
Time— 2:31V4; 2:59%.
Second race, 2:30 class; heats 2 In 3:
Velma (H. W. Miller) ..; 11
Elchora Wllkea (H. Schottler) 2 2
A. B. P. (J. G. Cuicello) .*. 3 5
I>an. Alden <J. Doran) 5 3
Clara L. (S. Fprarue) 4 4
. Time— 2:26%. 2:26%.
' Third race, 2:20 clase; beats 2 in 3:
At Sandy <J. OKane) '. 1 1
Cicero (L. Richardson) .....I... 2 2
Doily Gray (C. L. Becker) [ 3 3
I>ella McCarthy (J. Doran) ..- 4 4
Time— 2:27: 2:2<s£.
Fourth ntx. free for all; heats 2 In 3: ¦ ':
Sable La Grant <D. Misner) 1 1
Mack <M. M. Donnelly) 2 2
TJnrilla J. CL. Richardson) .;.. 5 s
Steve 8. <H. W. Miller) ." "3 5
Puerto Rico (S. G. Cuicello) 4 4
Imp (C. E. Parks) " D i B
Time— 2:221,4; 2:25%.
Everybody wanted a ticket on Al Sandy,
driven by James O'Kane and a sizzlln?
choice for the 2:20 class fixture. He paced
rings around his company In each heat,
with the trotter Cicero his closest attend
ant at each essay. Dolly Gray took third
money. Mutuels on the winner paid $2 80
in each heat.
CICERO . A CLOSE SECOND.
Some zigzag piloting on the part of J.
Doran lost the first heat of the 2:30 class
event for Dan Alden, the well-played sec
ond choice. After leading from the word
almost, Alden swerved under punishment
the last thirty yards, colliding with Vel
ma, driven by H. W. Miller. Although
Dan Alden won by a head j the Judges
could do nothing but award the r heat to
Velma. Reinsman Miller's bike" went
down after the finish, throwing him out,
and the pacer ran away a half-mile be
fore being caught. Mutuels on this heat
paid 19 35. Elchora Wilkes, the favorite,
after two or three losing breaks finished
third. Velma displayed good staying
qualities by drawing away from the trot
ter Clara L in the second heat and dis
posing easily of Elchora Wilkes in the
next heat in 2:26%. Mutuels paid $3 90.
Only four scored for the word in the
opening 2:40 class number, and Lady Lar
sen. over which Ed Aigeltinger held the
ribbons, -was touted as "the merchan
dise.". Dr.. A. McLaughlin behind the
"wiggler" Bondy C couldn't see It in that
light, going out and winning in straight
heats. Time— 2:31%, 2:39%. Mutuels on the
two heats paid, respectively. J9 65 and
$6 05. In the first heat Lady Larson lost
the place to Cuba, but filmed the tables
on Cuicello's trotter in the next-
The matinee racing given under the
auspices of the Golden Gate Park Driving
Association at Emeryville track yesterday
\*as liberally patronized by admirers of
the light harness horse, an unusually
large number of Jadics in hoiiday attire
gracing the occasion With their presence.
The sport was excellent,' with no "chop
ping" of heats being indulged in what
ever. Bondy C first for the 2:40 class race,
and Velma, winner of the 2:30 class event,
furnished the surprises, while later on Al
Bandy and Sable La Grand sent the fa
vorite players home on velvet.
For those who wished to speculate an
auction box and a Paris mutuel machine
dispensing $2 tickets, conducted under tbe
supervision of Harry Corbett, kept opea
house during business hours. As the
pleadings of Auctioneer George Tuthill
proved unavailing and the clicking of. the
French box was heard only at stated in
tervals, much after the belching of Mont
Pelee, it looked as if the public would pre
fer to buck the wily bookie with all his
percentage.
In the judges' stand H. F. Patrick and
E Sachs tendered decisions to the satis
faction of all. "Dick" Ledgett filled well
the position of starter, James Ohesley did
seme accurate clocking In the timer's
stand and Ira Barker oalzlel made an
ideal marshal. i • L_:_
. . SABLE LA GKAND WINS.
Business was a trifle <JulI until the free
for-all - event, last on the card, slipped
around. It went to Sable La Grand in
straight heats, driven by the veteran Dan
Misner, with startling scenic effects by
Charles E. Parks, the "old hoes" of the
driving division, behind his toppy side
wheeler Imp. Sable La Grand ruled fa
vorite and took the first heat -in a head
finish from Mack, driven by M. M. Don
nelly. Mutuels paid $5. Imp had the red
flag Sashed til his face, and resented the
¦distance judge's action by trying to run
away ihe reverse way of the track with
Driver Parks. Just when It looked as if
the latter was booked for a most uneven
\ and lumpy ride Marshal Dalziel mounted
his saddle horse and succeeded in pulling
up the fractious pacer. After the usual
cooling-out pause Sable La Grand again
downed Mack in a whipping finish by a
half-length . for the second heat in 2:Z5\%.
Mutuels paid $3 2». The result caused a
mild mix-up among the backers of Mack,
who apparently thought that horse could
do better, tut beyond four or five vicious
swings, only one of which connected, no
fatalities were chronicled.
Sable La Grand Jakes the
Free-for-AU From .Mack.
£?; v r Imp.Does a Queer Stunt
Backers of Elchora Wilkes
and Lady Larsen Return
.Home Sadder but . : Wiser
HARNESS RAGES
AT EMERYVILLE
WELL ATTENDED
SOCIETY MAKES MERRY AT THE BURLINGAME CLUB HORSE 'SHOW
COMPETITION FOR BLUE RIBBONS IS KEEN
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OF HORSEMANSHIP
GRAND STAND
AT HAWTHORNE
IS DESTROYED
Fire Starts in Jhe Cupola of
the Main Building at the
End of the Day's Racing
Jockeys Seriously Injured in
a Fall at the Gravesend
Track in Bedford Stakes
CHICAGO. May 30.— The grand stand at
Hawthorne race track. was destroyed by
fire this evening, half an hour after the
last race of the day had been run. Nearly
every one but the employes had left th©
track. The fire started in the cupola of
the main building and gradually worked
downward, giving ample time for savins
the horses in the paddocK. as well aa af
. fording an opportunity for the escape of
a few stragglers who occupied the stand. 1
One man was killed during the fire and 1
several'men were badly injured, although,
none of them will die. The man who was
killed was a hanger-on at the track and,
v.as fcnown as "Chicken Pete" Ru3h. He.
with some others, was watching the tire
fiom the roof of the, engine i >use, which,
unknown to them, was on.li... The root
suddenly caved in and Rusa was burned
to death. The other men saved them
selves by jumping. Before the fire was
under control the paddock and betting
ring were in ruins. The loss will exceed
$100 000. Seven days of the present meet
ing remain. Arrangements were made to
nlght with the Harlem racetrack offlciaia
whereby the rest of the Hawthorne pro
gramme, beginning to-morrow, will be
run at Harlem. . New buildings will Da
erected for the next meeting, which will
commence the latter part of July.
Results of the racing:
First race, five furlongs — Airtight won. Prin
cess Tulane second. The Don third. Time,
1:01%. .
Second race, six furlongs — Dodie S won, Imp.
Judicious second; True Blue third. Time.
1:14%. Moabina finished second, but was dis
qualified for fouling.
Third race, four and a half fnrlongs — Flo
Carline won. Impetuous second. Lampoon third.
Time. :56. «
Fourth race, six furlongs. Flight takes —
Toah won. VBurnie Bunton second, lta&t Mart*
Santa third. Time. 1:13%. - ."*-
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course — Mc-
Laren won, Farrell> second, Precursor third.
Time. 3:00.
Sixth race, Premier stakes, one mile — J. V.
Klrby won, Abe • Frank second, Harry Hew
third. Time. 1:42%.
Seventh race, six furlongs — Pretoriua won.
Max Bendlx second. Cherries third. Time. ¦
1:14.
NEW YORK. May 30.— In the Bedford stakes
at Gravesend to-day Red Knlsht and Zadont
fell at the h*ad of the stretch. Booker, on Reii. 1
Knight, sustained a fracture of the skull and.
will probably die. Thompson, who rode Zadont.
escaped with a severe shaking up. Results:
First race, high weight handicap, about six
furlcngs — Demurrer won. Price second. Kdili-i
Busch third. Time. 1:1O 2-5.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards-
Five Nations won, Agnes D second, H. L.
Coleman third. ' Time. 1:45.
Third race, the Bedford stakes, for two
year-olds, five ' furlongs^ — Africander won, Cin
queville second. Blue Banner third. Time.
1:02.
Fourth race, the Parkway handicap, one mils
and a sixteenth — Contend won. "Watereure sec
ond. The Regent third. Time, 1 :4« 2-3.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yardsi — Colo
nel Pas-den won. Carbuncle second. Namtor
third. Time, 1:44%.
> Sixth race, five furlongs — Lady Albercraft
won. Mamie Worth second. Pride of Galoro
third. Time. 1:01 1-3. t
ST. LOTTIS. May 30. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, one mile, selling — Lillian M won.
Precisely second. Hi» Gift third. Time. 1 :42}i.
Seconds-race, five furlongs, selling — Grand
Shot won. Maltoferin second, Ed Layson third.
Tim*. l:0£«.
Third race, steeplechase, about a mile and a
half — Choice, won. Imperialist second, Torreon
third. Time. 2:54*.
Fourth race. Memorial handicap, five and a
half furlongs — A. G. Gibson won, • St. Cuthbert
second. Okla. third. Time. 1:07%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Lou
Hazel won. Lynch second, \V. B. Gates third.
Time, 1:20%.
- Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards/ sell
ing—Brewer Schorr won, Nearest second,
Johnny McCarty third. Time. 1:4614.
Seventh race, seven furlongs, selling — Semi
colon won, . Guide Rock second, Sam Lazarus
Esq. third. Time, 1:23%.
CINCINNATI. May 30. — Latonia results:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Hohenstauf
fen won, Tom Embry second. Bob Baker third.
Time, 1:15^3-
Second race, on* mile. selHng-KHiorus Boy
won. Lavator second, St. Hera third. Time.
1:42^.
Third race, five furlongs — Dr. ' Carr won.
Barca second. Kite Star third. Time. l:03V4.
Fourth race, erne mile and a quarter. Decora- .
ticn handicap — Adalainte won. Wainamoinca
second Jessie Jarboe third. Time. 2:08%. t
Filth race, five' furlongrs^ — Grand- Mary won.
Gerda second, Eufala. third. Time, 1:02^4. ;
Sixth race, six furlongs. ¦ selling — Arachn«
won. Lizzie A second, Jim Gore II third. Time,
1:15%. .-¦¦¦
Eebrew Association to Meet.
The Toung Men's Hebrew Association,
Incorporated, of San Francisco will bold
a general membership meeting in its gym
nasium, at 305 Larkin street, Monday
night. June 2, at 8 o'clock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, MAX 31, 1902.
4
horseman and hard rider, and would practically,
render ' useless , any " bat j a ¦ first-class . opposing
back. -" Cowdln, number . two * of the American
team,' was playing- a good game until he met
with an unfortunate accident In having his lip
badly ¦ cut i open. ;; ' Cowdin is always • hard ' at
work . and spares neither ' himself nor his pony,
in pushing the game along.' i <"¦ v 5 v • . . • ¦ . . ¦ ¦ • ¦
' L., Waterbury, who plays" "back,": is consid
ered - by ; many . people to be 1 the finest .' 'back' '. ¦
player Jn the world. : His back-handers go right
intp the game and he serves his 'number., three
and '. number two "well. >" Waterbury - always ; ap-"
pears cool and collected and it' should be a tight:
corner Indeed . which would cause ,' him \\n : lose
LONDON, May 30.— The hopes of the
Americans, which were 'raised to such a
hlgn pitch during, the first few prelimin
ary games played by Captain , Foxhall
Kecne's polo., team, are . Jlkely ; to be
dashed to-morrow, as In the opinion of
nearly j all the • polo experts, . both Ameri
can and English,* who have watched the
practice, the English team .Is sure to win
two but of three matches and retain* the
American challenge cup. It is . doubtful,
even, 1* playing at the top 'of their form,
the Americans will.be able* to defeat the
strong combination" which . the 'English
players have brought together*; .'but. in
addition to this fact, there, is not a mem
ber of the American, teams who is play
ing in hie best form, and; the Amer.can
ponies, as - well as the men. . seem to feel
the effects of this climate.'. . ...-. '¦¦-¦<< ¦-' <
• When the Americans began splaying
here they showed a dash ana vim which
thoroughly alarmed. the Englishmen and
the fear was freely expressed in the r-olo
pavilions at Hurlirsgham and Ranelagh
that the Americans would -win. The bet
ting at that time also favored the-Ameri
cans, but this is all changed and the
Englishmen are very confident. The bet
ting to-night ranges from 2 to 1 to 5 to 1
on the English team. .'--.. ' -
One great disadvantage which both the
American and the English selection.com
mittee has to contend with : is ¦ the ; vile
weather, which -left the. Americans shod
of practice and prevented ; , the English
players from being . selected at '. an early
date. The American team, which will
play to-morrow, la •" composed of " R: . L.
Agassiz, J..E. Cowdln, Foxhall Keene and
L Waterbury. The personnel of the Fng
llsn • team is as follows: Cecil Nickalls,
p ¦¦ W. .Nickalls. Walter H. Buckmastei
and Charles D. Miller. W.dEustis will
be umpire for the Americans and F,
Freakes for the Englishmen. Captain St,
Gecrge Daly - will referee. " • v ;•.'„"
; When asked to-night for his estimate ol
the individual players, George St. , Qucn
tin, the polo manager of v Hurlftgham,
,-and whose • opinion ; carries v weight Wher
ever polo is played, said: -':it^ y
.Foxhall Keene, Is splendidly mounted. lie li
a fine rider and a clean hitter and thcroughlj
cerrtes out the duties of captain in keeping hi!
side well together. . Keene plays number three,
Agassiz, who plays number, one, Is; a* strong
W. R. Garcia of the Olympic Club made
he fastest time in the annual • two-milo
*ace of the , Pacific ¦ Association - of - the
Vmateur Athletic 'Union,; which' was held
n''. Golden -Gate -Park • yesterday. 1 morn-;
ng. He negotiated the distance In iW inm
ates 25 3-5 seconds— unusually good time
svhen ' the various handicaps are "consid
ered.: '^Unfortunately the ' park officials
jpread oil along "the route irv order to lay
the dust and , ereeted ! tall , : fences 'across
the" roads at twoplaees. -: compelllng:*the
•unners to swerve around' them twice and
:o hurdle them as .many "times." These
Jbstructlons prevented records ; , being
aroken. - -, .-;¦; . -.-..,•¦ ¦"'¦¦/¦: f :-"...-_¦
The race - was scheduled to be run at
LO o'clock sharp,; but, much to the disgust
>f William Greer, Harrison, who- believes
in being punctual, the men- did not -get
iff until seventeen minutes later. ¦ There
was a large crowd . present to see the ath
etes run, and hundreds of- people -.lined
the course. ¦ ¦ ¦ . , ;• •-•; .-'-.- .. : - - : " ' . ¦ '"¦.;.:-,'•:
Stone and Lundy' finished strong. ! Stone
might have' made better. time' had he pos
sessed more confidence. • ' He - feared l to let
himself* out : until . a' few : hundred . yards
rom homeland then he came along at a
ast clip.' - Lundy did the same." Hack
ey, a freshman at the University of Cali
fornia; secured two prizes, owe for second
oestitime and', the other for- crossing the
ine first. , Ferrem * finished : in v dlstress.-
He suffered from ' a stitch ' in his side, "j Al
Lean, . the Olympic Club' a <¦: trainer, v fixed
3lra in short order.7 ' . - : r; - ¦• ¦:
George James >> and Herberts Hauser*
the f Amateur ; Athletic Association's >;• offi
cials,' handled ? the ; event \ in '; good • " style.'
William > Greer^. Harrison *was, referee;
John Elliott," starter ;¦• Herman ;*Haden -
reldt'and J. Ligdar timers;; scorer, Louis
Levy;- ; judges— Dr;>Washmgt6nV; Dodge,'
Mr.- Ramsdell.and.H.:A:*.Keeler;¦:inspect
>rs—«id Cavill, I.~J.: Muma,' George Mleh
ing, De AVltt Van Court and Scott Leary. 1
..Following is thei summary: .. . „¦ ..;.;.
¦"" Name, ' club;- handicap-^- 7 v , Net"tlme;
V,C.':Haekley, U.-C", IS sec. .,:..... 10:33 4-6
r. , s: Hotman; Stanford,' 12 sec.'". • ; . :' 10:34 • "
-larold Templeman,- O..CV- IS. Bee.".:.: 10: 42 ,3-3
,V/ R. Garcia, O. ( C, ecratch :..:..-.*.. 10:25 3-5
l.tM.' Clifford.' uh.,- 24 sec; :.'.". r'.'.~i. : :?ll:04 <, '
.VllEon ; Lundy/ O.,H.:B. 1 , 12: sec; ;.•.¦, 10:55 ; •
Jeorge S.' Backus, -O/H. S.~ 20 sec.". 11:45 "
lay. Stone, O. ¦ C, 20 eec, ; : . . ..;. V. : .' . > 11 :52 . I. ".
•"rank Ferrem, O.' C.,' 15 sec. ;....;;'. 11:58
HEW ADVEBTISEMEITTa.
1TEW SCIENTIFIC PROCESS.
A Preparation. Discovered That Will
Destroy the ' Dandruff Germ.
For. some "time It < has been knoWn that
dandruff Is caused by a germ that digs
tip the scalps Into little white flakes, and
by sapping the vitality .of the. hair at. the
root causes falling hair, and,, of course,
finally baldness. For years there have
been all kinds of hair' stimulants and
Ecalp tonics on the market, but there has
been no permanent cure for dandruff un-
til the discovery of. a preparation called
.Newbro's Herpicide,' which destroys the
Candruff germ. Destroy the' cause, the
effect will cease to exist. Kill the dan-
druff germ and you'll have no dandruff
no Itching scalp;, no falling hair. '
Little Bo-Peep Lost Her Sheep
but she didn't feel any worse about it '
i than you will after a few visits to a hap-,
hazard laundry with your linen.
Haste . makes waste In every case, but
•with our haste we add a. sprinkling of
. care that's as beneficial to the garments
" themselves as to your sense' of perfect
work from our hands.'.
No saw edges. ,- ¦ t ~ , " :•- •
•"UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
/ Office 1OO4 Market* Street.'
. Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland OffJce-54 San Pablo Ave.
. AD VEKT1SEMENTS.
% - ¦ : ; 1 '
I ; . Takes Flavor
|! From Maturity
!: And Fame
:: From Purity
:f -.. ¦-¦¦ ¦ ¦ " ¦ ¦ , I
I ¦. ¦ 1
¦ CRTtlSTT A WISE COJOHSSIOS CO.IiJft. J
* . Telephone Xiin 3^3. J
. I -j : ¦¦¦-¦::* - ¦¦ 1 .
HII»UWHl t | <t »»|.«t>M«*"'» l « t
tiis signature is on every box of the genofcw
; Laxative Bromo»Quimne tmuu
th* remedy liit cores » eold tn one 4a»¦ • r ¦ ¦ " • ¦ . ¦ • - ¦ ¦ . . /•;',.
OFFICIAL TABLE OF CORINXHIAN YACHT CLUB REGATTA.
OrFICIAL TABLE OF CALIFORNIA' YACHT CLUB REGATTA.
The only real contest was In the 36-foot
class, between E. F. bagar's Edna and the
Short Brothers' Emma, which. kept close
together for nearly the whole race! In
the last beat out- to Presidio Shoal buoy
both skippers miscalculated a; little, and
found- themselves unable ; to • round the
mark without coming about. Emma made
two 1 attempts before she. succeeded in
rounding the buoy, the flood tide setting
her down strongly upon it. This gave Ed
na a commanding lead, and she ran home,
finishing 2 minutes 38 seconds, corrected
time, ahead of her rival.- ¦.':<-¦
-In the 44-foot class Speedwell . was the
only boat that crossed the line, though the
sloop Harpoon : accompanied her over part
of the course as a preliminary to to-day's
contest against The Challenger. ".
The annual class flag 4 regatta of the Cal-
boat, beating Belle, her nearest compet
itor, by almost half an houn
t In , the 30- foot class there seemed to be
• a prospect- of a 'close and * interesting
struggle between Aeolus, Presto and Tru
ant,' but - Truant's^-spinnaker got tangled
up with h'.r, .Icpmasi; .on^the run- from
Presidio Shoal'buqy to Blossom Rock buoy,
and the* sloop did not finish... Presto also
,'met ..with .some; mishap, the nature of
which'could not be determined from the
judges' boat, and withdrew'from. the con
test, leaving Aeolus to , finish alone In 3
minutes 15 seconds : better time than the
I 36-footer Emma. & . ¦'-..'¦ /
coming up to the starting-line, Kittiwake
raced with the special class for yawls. In
this class there were three starters," Kit
tiwake, Arcturus and Wave, which
crossed the line In the order named. As
neither Kittiwake nor Wave completed
the course Arcturus won. In the 25-foot
class Discovery proved much the fastest
» Interclub Yacht Race
Between ." the ' Corinthian ,- Yacht ¦ Club's
sloop :'Harpoon and .'the San , Francisco
Yacht" Club's sloop . Challenger, for T.the
\ San Francisco * challenge cup, May 31.' The
Santa Fe's elegant steamer San Pablo will
leaveifrom Santa Fe pier, foot of Market
street, - at ls.p.'m.i < A- limited* number ;of
passengers only ; will ; be ; carried.!- Round
trip 50 cents: i Secure your tickets' at : once
at the Santa Fe ticket" office, '-641 Market.**
ATLANTIC CITY, N.; J., ¦ May; 30.-Joe
Nelson of Chicago broke th'e world's ama
teur ten-mile record '. twice to-day— In the'
evening ' by ; twelve seconds and in 'the
afternoon by fourteen. . His: riding Twas
wonderful throughout. '¦¦ In the ' two , races
his opponent was A. M. Courter of New-'
r~^ jl6SK^IWfflffinBltwffii5l ¦¦'..¦¦ v ' ' '"
New Cycling . Record.
STRIKES OUT SEVEN MEN.
V Berkeley Nine : Wins.'
EVERETT, Wash.', May, 30.—University
of California 17, E\*erett 2. ; , f •„• ....
Thomas F. Barton, X Wanted ¦'; in Val
. Vlejo, Is -Under Arrest in
- Lincoln." ¦¦•¦. ' ,'
;'••¦ LINCOLN. , Cal.^ May 30.— Thomas F.
¦ Barton, 'alias', Fulton, cwanted in Vallelo
i for, forgery, ' was apprehended to-night by
• Messrs. r Harkin * and Sanders;: proprietors
'of Hotel Burdge,: while attempting to pay
hlshotel: bill".of;$I. with a check for $2S,
drawn :on- the v Bank f of i British , Columbia
of San Francisco by A." F.? Patrick & Co.
) Barton ' was . taken c in charge . by Deputy
Sheriff --Ed < Hill,'.' to ;. whom, he -confessed
that, the check .was a : ' forgery., and that he :
had .within ; a few^ months .; successfully
'passed, more than -fifty; bogus checks, the
•amounts ¦/varying -according » to i-clrcum
: stances." > A number of i checks ; on I various
' banks k : were V found v on ; his person. -The
' authorities at 'Vallejo . have been ; notified.^
1 . : Walthouf . and Champion ". Win. j
v BOSTON, ¦ May 30.— Bobby '• Walthouf of
Atlanta; 'i Ga., ;.wonv. the >1 25-mlle :' motor-.
paced 'i race; from Moran of Chelsea at the.
Revere .track -to-day."jgM|BPqMH^^rafiinBR
; : At -Charles >RIver -:Park track -Albert,
¦ Champion won- the 25-miTe Brassard race
in'39:14 3-5. . / '..-;
PLACER , COUNTY.. HOTEL
MEN CAPTURE FORGER
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf 2 1 0 0 4 0 0
Mohler. 2b 4 U 1 0 0 3 1
Gorton, c&lb 5 0 0 0 3 2 1
McCreedle. lb&rf..2 1 1 0 6 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 4 0 2 0 3 2 1
Dunleavy. If 4 l 2 1 3 0 0'
Francks, ss 3 0 1 1 5 1 2
Lohman, c 1 0-0 0 1 1 0
Mosklman, p 3 0 1 0 1 3. 2
Schmidt. rf .3 1 *0 0 10 0
Total 31 5 8 2 27 12 7
: SACRAMENTO. ,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A." E.
Doyle, cf 4 1 00-0-0 1
Hulen, 2b ..5 1 2 0 3 2 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 5. 1 :
Eagan. lb '..4 0 10 9 0 1
Gfaham, c 4 12 25 10
Wagner, If 3 1 0 12 0 0
Hogan. -rf .......... 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Rellly. ss ...: 4 0 1 0 1 1 ¦ 1
Cutter, p 3-0 0 0 0 1. 0
•Dowlins 1 0 00 0 0 0
Totals .35 4 0 3 24 10 ~4
•Batted for Cutter in ninth inning:.
RUNS AND HITS' BY INNINGS. "
Sacramento 0 2.2 0 0 0 0 0 0 — i
Base hits .0 1 1 0 2 0 1 10—6
Oakland 0 0 0 0 3 11 Ox — 3
Base hit* 0 110 4 0,1-1- x— 8
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Rellly, Dunleavy. -Sacrifice
hits — Mosklman. ..Walters. First base on errors
— Oakland 2, Sacramento 5. ' First base on
called balls — Off Moskiman 2, off Cutter 4.
Left on bases — Oakland 10, Sacramento 6.
Struck out — By Moskiman 2, by Cutter 4. Hit
by pitcher — Mohler. Double plays — Francks to
McCreedie; Gorton to Mohler to : McCreedle. •
Passed ball— Graham. Wild pitch — Cutter.
Time of game — Two hours and five minutes.
Umpire — McDonald.
LOS ANGEL.ES, May 30.— The first an
nual regatta of the South Coast. Yacht
Club was sailed over the Terminal Island
course to-day under most favorable .con
ditions. - Following is • the order in , which
the boats were placed at the finish, with
corrected time, the last two named being
class B boats: Osborn, 1:59:14; Katarlna.
2:00:20; Maine, 2;23:35; Edna, 2:09:23:
Helene, 2:09:45; Myth, 2:12:30; Esperanza,
2:15:35.'^--?.,-':: ' ¦",
Yachting in the South.
The Automobile Club '.of '. California will
hold a club run to Menlo Park to-morrow.'
The start will ' be i made" from Ninth and,
Market streets at 9 a. m." The- route i will
be: down -Ninth street to Folsom .street,
thence out Folsom to -Twenty-sixth, to
Alabama, to • Army, to ; the : San ; , Bruno
road, thence out the San Bruno road to
the County.' road, ; and "along the County
road -to Menlo Park, . arriving at the lat
ter- place at noon. — ' . : • • • ,. .
• L E: H. Parrlsh , will captain the'run, with
E. P. Br'inegar and B. R: L'Hommealeu
as lieutenants. It is expected some /twen
ty, automobiles ,will : come north from : San
Jose- : - .. • ¦' .¦.-.' '.' . ¦ . •
Automobile^ Club Bun.
Chauncey Fisher, , who was slgned'some'
time ago to pitch .for the Sacramento'
club, has been released by Manager Mike
Fisher. Chauncey 'twirled in /but on»j
game, but that was enough to show • the"
manager of the Senators that i he was
handed ' a gilded bar. Fisher, was a star
in the National League a few years ago
and shone for several seasons, but, like
many of the old-timers, is all out and will
pitch no more ball in fast company. ¦ J
Chauncey Fisher Is Released.
' Special stake.-' first I round—Pasha I Kennels'
May Hempstead beat Alameda Kennels' Lottie
M.' 5-0; C. O. Peterson's Lady Nellie beat Chl
arini Bros.' .'White Hat. 4-1; P. : M.~ Clarkson's
Flower of -Gold • beat'.T. ¦ Cox's Crockett s Hill,
11-5; P.. M.. Clarkson's Prompto beat G. Shar
man's. Little Sister, r 3-1; -E. ' Geary's Fannie
Huijbl" beat D. Dillon's Challenger. 4-1; Chl
arlnl Bros.'. Sempronlus -beat J. .; F. « Rogers'
Glaucus.,4-3; L. J. Hoffman's Jim Douglas beat
S.-'A.* Smith's Petronlus,. v 11-C; '. J... Hurley* a"
Sugar': Cane beat ' F. . Rosenb<?rger's ; Lady; Chl
qutta; (i-."i: E. Geary's Bonnie Hughle beat F S
Prlce'B Forget.- '10-4; A." R. Curtis' Fly by Night k
beat- P.- Mj,.Clarkson's Miss Brummel r5-l;. G.
Coomb's Rustic Arbor beat A.; J.r Ernst's Rich
Argosy. 12-10; V Pasha Regal Attire
beat* M. Nealon's-^Pat; Freedom,' -3-1; F C.
Mack's Delia. M beat P. C.Bllck's Yellow Tall
8-0; \V.\ Johnson's 'Articulate beat W. : J. Leon
ard's Tom Hurllck; 4-0; J.- W.;Fahey.'s October
LaJ beat H. H. Gray's Terronette, 7-2;:E..Red
dy's Full Moon. a- bye.'' '"'-•.' • . ';¦ ::. .-•,'
/ r Second J round— May : Hempstead . beat Lady
Nellie,-^ 4-0r Fannie > Hughle beat ! Flower <!of
Gold.'5-O;, Sempronlus beat Prompto, 4-0;, Jim
Douglas beat' Sugar Cane, 18-B;: Fly by Night
beat * Bonnie .Hughle, ,5-0; Regali Attire "¦> beat
Rustic f Arbor, • 10-4;' Articulate . beat Della^ M,
7-fl; Full Moon beat October Lad,- 4-0." ,:¦-•¦' -V y.
¦¦. Third round— Fannie Hushie beat May Hemp- J
stead. "• 4-2; Jim Douglas beat Sempronlus 14-4;
Regal 'Attire beat Fly by Night; 7-5? Full Moon
beat : Articulate,".' 8-4. ;v . ¦ . ; . . ¦
t'i Fourth round — Fannie Hughle beat Jim Doug-'
las.; 4-8;i Full Moon beat Regal 'Attire, » 8-5.
.."Deciding .'course— Fannie Hughle beat ' Full
Moon,i6-2.V ;:-•, '. .. ,..
¦•? Reserve stake," first round-^-A." McLeod's Pure
Pearl , beat : J. Fields' .- Jolly - Jolter 16-2; F.
: The surprise of the stake was the defeat
of Chiarlni Bros.UWhite Hat. The talent
made -him .a : ;l to t 3 - choice " over C.- O.
Peterson's Lady Nellie, which: led : him
and-won.by, a score of 4 to 1.
I The reserve i stake .was won by Frank
McComb's ,. Motto, with T. Jolle'y's To
ronto, runner T up. ¦ i . •'..:; ¦ •'!
The card' for to-day is made, up of an
open stake , of sixty-five . entries and a
sixteen-dog puppy , stake, both of « which
will be "run down "once. . ;,-'.»• . .,..
¦ The results of ; yesterday's coursing, with
Judge John, Grace's offiqial scores," follow:
Eugene Geary's fast young coiy-ser Fan
nie Hughle took first honors in the' special
stake,; winning the deciding course'hand
ily • f rom : : Full : Moon. The result • was no
surprise to the wise ones for -they had
made Fannie Hughle a stake " favorite.
Full Moon was a bit lucky, in getting sec
ond place ; and ' was ; easily ; disposed of by
Gearv's 5 fast one. \ -
The extra card of coursing offered a^
a : holiday, attraction at Union Park yes
terday brought out a large attendance of
enthusiasts. '¦ I While ' the contesting hounds
were not^of the champion class they; were
so evenly matched in the stakes that close
coursing, was the order of the day.
Frank MeComb's' Greyhound
•- Scores Clever ; Victory at
<the .Union Coursing Park
SPEEDY MOTTO
WINS RESERVE
STAKE HONORS
E crossed the line 1 minute 15 seconds
afte'r the fire of the signal gun, but Thel
ma did not "get over until 4 minutes 27
seconds after the starting time .of the
class, thus giving Jessie E an advantage of
3 minutes 12 seconds. ; .. ;
In class C there were four, starters, but
two 'did not finish, and Amigo. did not
round the same buoy, off the Union Iron
Works that the rest of the fleet rounded,
and the matter, has been referred to the
regatta committee, consisting of August
R. P. Brandes, chairman, Charles A. Lor
ing and George M. Shaw.
To-day Harpoon will defend the Perpet
ual Challenge. Cup against The Challenger
The regatta committees. of the Corinthian
and San Francisco Yacht Clubs will follow
the:: racing sloops on board the steamer
Sunol, which will be at Powell street
wharf at 12:30 p. m. The signal for the
start will be given at 1:30 p. m. As W. G.
Morrow and J. R. . Savory, ; members of
the regatta committee of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, will be on board The
Challenger, substitutes will take their
place. Frank Bartlett will sail on board
The. Challenger as a representative of the
Corinthian Yacht Club and a member of
the San Francisco.. Yacht Club will be on
board the sloop Harpoon.
Two-base hits — Hannivan, McHale, Holly.
Sacrifice hit — Roach. First base on errors —
Los Angeles 1. San Francisco 2. First base on
called balls— Oft McPartlin • 1, off Glendon .1.
Left on bases — Los Angeles 0, San Francisco 6.
Struck out — By McPartlin 7. by Glendon 1. Hit
by pitcher — Hannivan. Time of game, 1:45;
Umpire, O'Connell. ¦ . •' •
SUMMARY.
Totals .....35 1 5 3*23 14 3
•Hanlon out, bunted third strike.
BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles .... 0. 3 0 0 0 0 0,0 x — 3
Base hits .....2 4 001 1 00 x — 8
San Francisco ..000 00 0 01 0— - 1.
Base hits .0 0 0012020—5
' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McNichols, 2b. ..... 4 0 0 00 51
McHale. 1. f 4 111 10 0
Nordyke, lb. ....... 4 0 0 0 10 0 1
Shugart, 3b. ........ 4 0 1064 0
Leahy, c. 4 O 2 0 1 0 0
Holly, s. s 4 0 1 1 43 0
Lawler. r. f... 3 0 0 11 0 >-l
Delmas, c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Glendon, p 4 00.0 0-2 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
The morning struggle was a long and
tedious affair and Ewing won it, 5 to 4.
Cutter, Fisher's new pitcher from Santa
Clara College, twirled for. the Senators
and might have won his game had his
t-tipport been good. He showed a world
cf speed, big curves and excellent con
trol, except when pitching . to batsmen
vho hwing from the south side.
The Senators started off like wonders
and made four runs in the first three
rounds on costly errors and a couple
of timely hits. Ewlng*s bunch went
to it and hit out three in the fifth,
one In the sixth and the last one in the
efventh. just enough to mark them as
the goods.
Mcfcklman pitched good ball, but some-
MORNING GAME.
Cricket in England.
LONDON, May 30.— Rain delayed the re
sumption at Birmingham of the first of
five test cricket -matches between Aus
tralia and England, which was begun yes
terday. The Englishmen, in their first inn-
Ings, when* they had scored 376 runs for
nine wickets down to-day, declared the
innings closed. That the Englishmen
were well advised to close their innings
and send in the Australians on a "wet
pitch" was quickly demonstrated. The
wickets of the visitors fell like ninepins.
The unprecedented rapid disposal of the
crack Antipodean cricketers caused a
great sensation. Two wickets fell for ten
runs; four were- down for twenty- two
runs, six for twenty-flve runs and the
Australians were all out in their first Inn
ings for a total of 36 runs. The Australians
in their second Innings had scored eight
runs for no wickets down when play was
stopped, owing to bad weather. ~
Steeplechase Jockey Killed.
TORONTO. Ontario, May 30.— Pat
Meagher, -the well known 'steeplechase
jockey," was killed at the Woodbine track
tc-day.
Josh Reilly brought in the first two
Senatorial runs with a clean two-bagger
through short and played third base In
fairly good shape. Billy Hulen did a
whole lot of fancy stunts around the mid
dle sack and made a great circus catch
of Mohler's hard liner. Lohman was put
out of the game In the third for too much
kicking. The score:.
OAKLAND.
bow or other was not his usual self. He
looked sick and dejected and did not
seem to care a rap whether he won. or
lost. He aided the Oakland infield in pil
ing up seven large, juicy errors. He also
made a base hit:
A DOZEN boats cf the Corinthian
Yacht Club started In the an
nual regatta yesterday In a
somewhat light breeze which
freshened later. As the tide was
flooding all afternoon there was
little sea.
None of the 20-footers except Kittiwake
Rosenberger's Master Bly beat ¦ F. " E. ' Kilpat- i
rick's Charming . Queen, 7-1; F. A." McComb's •
Motto beat M. Grady's Real Affected. 5-0; H.
L. Meharry's > Roxana'. beat J. Maher's Emma
M, .8-4; Pasha Kennels' '•' Lawrence beat F.
Rosenberger's My Nell, 5-2; ; P. C. Bllck's Ad
vance Guard beat D. Erskine's Lavender. 4-1;
T. Sullivan's Vagrant beat A. McLeod's Blonde
Beauty, 12-5;- W. C. de B. Lopez's Lady of the
Lake beat O. Prior's Nellie Grey, 8-4; J. Mc-
Cormack's -Black Daisy * beat; M.: I Nealoifs
Aeneas, 8-2;. P. J. Horgan's -Partial Eclipse
beat-Pasha Kennels' ¦ Reckless ' Admirer, 5-0:
T.VJolley's Little May beat J. J. Edmonds"
Morning Glory," 7-5; T.'Jolley's Toronto beat
A. Vanderwhlte's. Scotch, Reel. 5-0; W Cream
er's Golden Age beat P. J. Horgan'a Peerless.'
18-2; J. M. I Fay's Doris beat J. F. Rogers'
Arbacus, . C-4; F.\ C. ; Mack's Woodcock Boy
beat J. Carroll's Lady Menlo, 4-0; Pasha Ken
nels' Real Aristocrat beat M. Nealon's Fred
Freedom, . 5-3. , , * . ' . «.
' Second round— Pure .Pearl beat Master Bly.
7-6: ¦•Motto- beat Roxana, . 0-0; Advance Guard
beat Lawrence. 4-3; Vagrant beat Lady of the
Lake. 12-3; Partlnl Eclipse beat Black Daisy
8-3; Golden Age beat, Little May, 5-0: Toronto
beat Doris, 5-0; Real, Aristocrat beat Woodcock
Boy . 5-0. ,; ¦ . . . •¦..¦.
Third round— Motto beat ' Pure Pearl, 3-0-
Advance ¦ Guard beat Vagrant, 12-5;^Toronto
beat Partial Eclipse, 6-4; Real Aristocrat beat
Golden ; A ee, 6-4. .¦ ,-. . :. • ¦'-
: ¦ Fourth- round— Motto beat ; Advance Guard,
3-1 : Toronto beat Roal Aristocrat, 10-5. .
¦ Deciding, course— Motto 'beat Toronto," 14-5.
.--iWj ,--.¦..¦¦<¦.. ' - - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . -. ¦ -¦ -
if ornia Yacht Club' took place yesterday
over the. usual course of ten nautical miles,
from the Alameda narrow gauge mole to
and round Blossom. Rock buoy, thence , to
and round the Union Iron Works breast
ing buoy, : thence to starting-line.
' Some confusion arose with regard to the
Union Iron Works buoy, which had no dis
tinguishing mark ; upon it. .". -' .
In class B 'John T. Carrier's Jessie E
beat Thelma 2S seconds actual time and 2
minutea 16 seconds corrected time. Jessie
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. May 30.— An immense
crowd attended Yale field to-day to witness
the baseball match between Yale and Prince
tor, the first of the annual series for the cham
pionship. . Score: t
Princeton ..0 1,0 1 0 3: 01 0—6
Yale ..;.'..-.... '...4 0 2 0 4 0 0 0 x— 10
Tale Nine Defeats Princeton.
Two-base hits — McCreedie, Criatall. Sacri
fice hits — Mohler. Reilly. Gorton. First base
on errors — Oakland 4. Sacramento 3. First
base en called balls — Off Cristall 5. off Dowling
3. Left on bases — Oakland 6, Sacramento 6.
Struck out— By Cristall 1. Hit-, by pitcher—
Wagner. Double clays — Devereaux to Mohler
to C-orton. Mohler to Francks to Gorton, Gra
ham to Hr-ean, Reilly to Eagan. Time of
eame--2 lxovifc and 5 minutes. Umpire — Mc-
Donald. ,
Eacramento 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4
Base hits 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 5
Oakland 10203001 x— 7
Base hits ....12215010 x— 12
SUMMARY.
Totals ..„ 32 4 5 0 24 17 7
EU.VS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf 4 2 0 0 2 0 0
Mohler. 2b 3 2 2 2 4 2 0
Lehman, c 5 1 1 0 1 1 0
McCreedie. rf .4 1 3 0 1 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 4.0 0 0 0 6 2
Dunleavy. If 4 1 3 12 0 0
Francks, ss 3 0 1 0 3 3 0
Gorton, In. 3 0 1 0 12 0 0
Cristall, p 4 0 10-221
Totals 34 7 12 3 27 14 3
SACRAMENTO. I -
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, cf. 3 0 2 0 2 0 0
Hulen, 2b. ,-4_0 00 "2 5,1
Sheehan. ss 3 0 0 0 2 2 3
Eagan. lb 4 1 0 0 10 0-1
Graham, rf. .; 3 1 o o 2 2 1
Wagner. If 3 10 0 10 0
Hogan, c 4 110 2 11
Reilly. 3b 3 0 10 3 3 0
Dowling, p 5 0 1 0 0 4 0
OAKLAND.
Cristall toed the rubber for Ewing, and,
as usual, was wild, but mysterious. The
Senators only connected with five of those
snakeiike offerings of his, and all were
fairly well scattered along the line. Had
it not been for the errors of the infield
the Senators would never have got any
thing that looked like a run. Cristall
hurried up in his delivery and shot the
ball over the plate good and fast.
McCreedie and Dunleavy packed off the
batting medals with three hits apiece.
Nothing of the sensational order occurred
Ti disturb the peace and quiet of the
bleachers, except a wonderful foul catch
by Tommy Sheehan. He made a great
sprint and caught the leather against the
etand near third base. Josh Reilly did a
few stunts just to help Fisher in his hour
. cf need. The score; ,
Dowling served them up for Sacra
mento and pitched fair ball. His support
was never anything like steady, the wnolo
team always going the balloon 'pace when
a. tight place was reached. Sheehan's arm
was too strong and he had a remarkable
faculty lor throwing into the bleachers
instead of Into the first-base man's mitt.
Ewlng's lads scored in the first on a
pass and a double, and again in the third
on thiee rank misplays and a pair of long
tingles by Mohler and McCreedie. The
old-time hit and run gag was renewed in
the fifth, and five pretty singles, includ
ing bunts by McCreedie ana Dunleavy,
started a procession of three commuters
ever the route.
The Senatorial aggregation accumu
lated all its good points in the second out
break. By a combination of errors on
the part of Cristall and Devereaux, Ho
gan's single over third and Dowling's
out between second and first four of the
politicians hot-footed over the finish.
They had all kinds of chances after that,
but never could hit the little white sphere
when the boys on the bags longed r I'or a
chance to sprint to the safe haven.
In both games the "gents from over the
pool" seemed to have a whole lot of com
passion for the unfortunate Senators.
They started out by going the erratic
pace and giving Mike a bunch of runs
lor a handicap. In both games the
chances of the Senators looked bright for
a time, but along about the lifth round a
little batting rsuiy happened to be pulled
oil ana then there was nothing to It.
The double-header system of handing
out the national game was inaugurated
yesterday at Recreation Park, with the
hope that it might bring gladness to the
heart of M. Fisher. Instead it gave two
more of those ashamed-to-take-the
rr.oney games to Ewing, all of which
makes Oakland look like a second Pitts
burg in the race for the cloth on top of
the flaestaff.
Bemls. ¦ , ¦- • . ... • ¦.-.'¦¦
WASHINGTON, May 30.— Chicago won a
close and well-played game to-day. - Two bases
on balls and Drill's error, followed by Sulli
van's hit, gave them the necessary runs. At
tendance, 9216. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 2 , 7 1
Chicago 3 10.. 1
Batteries— Patten and Clarke; Callahan and
Sullivan. . .- :
' Second game— • R. • H. E.-
Baltimore .V. 10 ¦'••¦• 11 4
Cleveland 1. 14 4
Batteries — Hughes and Robinson;. Moore and
Cleveland ................... 4 - • '• ¦ 8 . .' 2
' Batteries — Howell and Robinson; Wright and
Bemls. . •: ¦".- . -. --. ; : .- . .-••¦•¦¦ \u
AMERICAN LEAGUE. • *
PHILADELPHIA. May 30.— Sequential hit
ting gave the : locals the game this afternoon.
Hustings was effective and kept St. Louis' bits
well scattered. The visitors' fielding was
ragged at times. Attendance. 13.21S. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 9 3
Philadelphia 11; *¦ 13 • . 1 .
Batterles-^-Powell and Snyder; Hustings and
Powers. "
BOSTON, "May. 30. — Boston turned the tables
oil . Detroit ' this ' afternoon . by hard and con
secutive hitting. Mercer was batted out of
the box In the fifth Inning. Cronln, who took
his place, was hit only In the eighth Inning.
Attendance, 12.914. Score:
R. H. E/ .
Boston .........12 15 1
Detroit .' .0, 5. 2'
Batteries — Young: and Criger; , Mercer," Cronln
and Buelow.
BALTIMORE. May 30.— The ' Baltimore* had
a batting matinee to-day and won both games
from Cleveland by good stick work. There were
three home runs in the first game, two mad*
by Bresnahan. . and two more In the second
game. Attendance. 13,041. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 12 15 5
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN. N. Y., May 30.— Brooklyn
won against Boston by exceptionally
good playing this afternoon. Bunting by
Brooklyn's star batters was the feature
of the game. Attendance 10,000. Score:
i R. H. E.
Boston 3 9 2
Brooklyn ...10, 13. 1
". Batteries— Klttredge and Tale; Donovan,
Ahearn and Farrell. Umpire — Cantllllon.
NEW YORK. May 30. — Before a crowd of
21.000 people Philadelphia abut out -the New
York team at the Polo Grounds this afternoon.
The home players could do nothing with
Fraser's delivery. Score: l -v
H TT E
Philadelphia . 8 13 2
New York . 0 4 1
Batteries — Fraser and Doom; Taylor. . Evana
and Yeager. Umpire — Ernalle.
: ST. LOUIS. May 30.— St. Louis and Clncln- ,
natl split even in to-day's double-header, each
winning: a game. Both contests were played
tinder discouraging weather conditions. At
tendance, 5000. Score, first . game :
R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 . 1 2
Cincinnati 8 11 3
Batteries — Popp and. O'Neill; Hahn and
Peltz. Umpire— O*Day.
., Second game— R. H. K.
St. Louis 3 7 2
Cincinnati 1 - 6 4
Batteries — Dunham and O'Neill ; Ewins and
Berser. Umpire — O*Day.
PITTSBURG. May 2a— In the game to-day
Jack Menefee administered . the first shut out
of the season to the home team. Only two
Pittsburgers reached third base. Attendance.
12,000. Score: /;-..*
: - R. H. E.
Pittsburg 0 7 2
Chicago.... : 4 10 » 2
Batteries-^-Phlllippi ' and O'Connor; • Menefee
and Chance. Umpires — Power 'and Brown.
Both Speed and Control
Cutter Makes His Debut
as a Pitcher and Shows
Pittsburg Is; Shut Out for
First Time This Season
by Pitcher Jack Menef ee
Oaklands Jolly the Senators
Along and Capture Both
Games in an Easy Walk
FISHER DROPS
ANOTHER PAIR
TO CAL EWING
Twenty-One Thousand Spec
tators Witness the Game
at the Polo Grounds
"CHICK" ERASER
SHUTS OUT THE
NEW YORK TEAM
SWIFT F I N KE EL DIS CO VE R Y OUTS A I LS RIVALS
IN 25-FOOT CL ASS BY H ALF AN HOUR
FLAGSHIP EDNA DEFEATS SLOOP EMMA AFTER KEEN STRUGGLE
LOS ANGELES, May 30.— A bunch of
hits and an error in the second Inning
netted three runs and won to-day's game
for OLos Angeles. Glendon held them
down! to two hits after that. Not until
tho fifth inning could San Francisco ' hit
McPartlin. He held the visitors down for
five hits during the • game and made a
strike-out record for himself. Seven men
reached for his deceiving slow balls but
found them not. Score: < ,
LOS ANGELES. £
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. s 4 1. 1 0 3 3 1
Hannivan, L f......3 0 2 0.30 0
Raymer. 2b. 4 0 2 0 2 2 1
Householder, c. f 4 0 0 0 2.0 0
Reilly. 3b.' ...4 0 0 0.11 1
Waddell. r. f... 4 11 0 2 0 0
Roach. C".' 3 , 0 0 0 7 0 0
Hanlon. lb. ...3 0 0 0 7 0 0
McPartUn, p. 3 12 0 0 2 0
Total ......... ..32 3 8 0 27 ~8 ~3
5
THE: SAN FKANGISCO aOALL, : SATURDAY, : MAY 31^'i902.
EDNA" IS SHOWN IN FOREGROUND
"RUNNING" HOME, WHILE EMMA
¦IS BEATING TO WINDWARD BUOY.
Racing Time
YACHT. Class. Length. Allow' ce.
Feet. M. S.
Starting
"Time.
H: M. 6.
Finishing Elapsed
Time. Time.
H. M. S. H. M. S.
Corrected
Time.
H.'-M. S.
Arcturus Yawl 00:00
Klttlwake Yawl. 15.3
Way*? Yawl. 25.0 ¦
Belle 25-ft. 24.5 00:C0
Discovery 25-ft. 22.7 2:37
Ruby 25-ft. 20.4 6:21
Aeolus 30-ft. 27.6
Truant 30-ft. 27.8
'Presto 30-ft. 28.0 00:00
Emma 36-ft. . 32.0 2:10
Edna 30-ft. 33.8 00:00
Speedwell 44-ft. 37.3 00:00 i
12:00:17:
11:56:42
12:(H:2O
12:06:25
12:07:00
12:06:10
12:17:07
12:17:07
12:16:25
12:26:15
12:27:27
12:35:38
2:11:00 2:10:43
•
2:42:60 2:36:25
2:16:20 2:00:20
2:51:53 2:45:43
3:08:26 2:51:19
•
3:20:54 2:54:34
3:17:19 2:40:42
3:16:11 2:40:33
2:10:43
2:36:25
2:06:43
2:39:22
2:51:10
2 -52 -20
2:40:42
2:40:33 .
•Did not finish.
YACHTS.
¦ . Racing I Time
Class. Length. Allow' ce.
. Feet. M. S.
Starting
Time.
H. M. S. '
; Finishing | : Elapsed Corrects
Time. Time; ' - Time.
H. M. S.' H: M. S." H. M. S.
Aloha. ....'.........
PactolU3 .... ....;. 8
Tht-lma ........ ~
Jessie E...... .
Gypslo '
Amigro ........'. :v; '.¦
Catherine
Shamrock III .
Vixen ...
B.
B.
B.
B.
B.
C.
C.»
C.
C.
36.00
33.99
33.23
31.21
130.01
28.10
25.86
00:00 I
1 :49
2:29
4:27
5:44 : .
00:00
2:53
1:10:00
1:10:00
1:10:00
1:10:00
1:10:00
1:00:00
1:00:00
1:00:00
¦; 1:00:00
3:13:00
3:10:47
. 2:58:30
2:58:02
3:15:01
2:54:13*
3:27:44
• -
2:03:00
2:00:47-
1:48:30
¦1:48:02 '
2:05:01
1:54:13"
2:27:44
2:03:00
1:58:58
1:46:01
1:43:45
1:59 :1T
1:54:13
2:24:46
?Did not finish.
YACHTS.
¦ . Racing I Time
Class. Length. Allow' ce.
. Feet. M. S.
Starting
Time.
H. M. S. '
; Finishing | : Elapsed Corrects
Time. Time; ' - Time.
H. M. S.' H: M. S." H. M. S.
Aloha. ....'.........
PactolU3 .... ....;. 8
Tht-lma ........ ~
Jessie E...... .
Gypslo '
Amigro ........'. :v; '.¦
Catherine
Shamrock III .
Vixen ...
B.
B.
B.
B.
B.
C.
C.»
C.
C.
36.00
33.99
33.23
31.21
130.01
28.10
25.86
00:00 I
1 :49
2:29
4:27
5:44 : .
00:00
2:53
1:10:00
1:10:00
1:10:00
1:10:00
1:10:00
1:00:00
1:00:00
1:00:00
¦; 1:00:00
3:13:00
3:10:47
. 2:58:30
2:58:02
3:15:01
2:54:13*
3:27:44
• -
2:03:00
2:00:47-
1:48:30
¦1:48:02 '
2:05:01
1:54:13"
2:27:44
2:03:00
1:58:58
1:46:01
1:43:45
1:59 :1T
1:54:13
2:24:46
?Did not finish.
Racing Time
YACHT. Class. Length. Allow' ce.
Feet. M. S.
Starting
"Time.
H: M. 6.
Finishing Elapsed
Time. Time.
H. M. S. H. M. S.
Corrected
Time.
H.'-M. S.
Arcturus Yawl 00:00
Klttlwake Yawl. 15.3
Way*? Yawl. 25.0 ¦
Belle 25-ft. 24.5 00:C0
Discovery 25-ft. 22.7 2:37
Ruby 25-ft. 20.4 6:21
Aeolus 30-ft. 27.6
Truant 30-ft. 27.8
'Presto 30-ft. 28.0 00:00
Emma 36-ft. . 32.0 2:10
Edna 30-ft. 33.8 00:00
Speedwell 44-ft. 37.3 00:00 i
12:00:17:
11:56:42
12:(H:2O
12:06:25
12:07:00
12:06:10
12:17:07
12:17:07
12:16:25
12:26:15
12:27:27
12:35:38
2:11:00 2:10:43
•
2:42:60 2:36:25
2:16:20 2:00:20
2:51:53 2:45:43
3:08:26 2:51:19
•
3:20:54 2:54:34
3:17:19 2:40:42
3:16:11 2:40:33
2:10:43
2:36:25
2:06:43
2:39:22
2:51:10
2 -52 -20
2:40:42
2:40:33 .
•Did not finish.
DE. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
"I wrote to Dr*
Pierce for his
advice."
The lady, bom. whose letter we quote,
got what, she wrote for, and is a well
woman to-day as a result of following
Dr. Pierce's advice and using Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription, the medicine
which makes, weak women strong and
rick women welL . n Favorite Prescrip-
tion" establishes regularity, dries weak-
ening drains, heals- inflammation and
taceratjon.and cures female weakness.
Sick women, especially those suffering
from diseases of long standing, are in-
vited to consult Dr. Pierce by letter,
free. All^ correspondence is held as
strictly private and sacredly confiden-
tial. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo,
N. Y.
"I can truthfully say that Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription is a wonderful medicine and. de-
ccttw the praise given it," writes Mrs. Emma
Spooner, of JUJceview, Montcalm Co.. Mich.,
Box 388. " I was sick four months, and the medi-
cine prescribe by the doctors did me no good.
Finally I wrote to Dr. Pierce for his advice. He
answered in a very kind letter instructing' me
what to do. I followed his advice and to-day
am a well woman, thank* to Dr. Pierce."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should be
used with w Favorite Prescription * when-
We hav£ sold hundreds of them and the 'ay is ior more.
I'- just as long as^ they hold out everybody can have one
for 50c, or two if thejp want-r-there is.no limit to. a pur-
chase. Some people "are buying three 'and- four-^shirts.
They are this season's make, being the latest"* in
.plaited; front, effects. The front is made of sateen and
. madras,' while the body is made cf fine quality percale;
each shirt is liberally, .cut; sizes from 14 to 17;, pair
'.'of^separate link cuffs; actual ,value;$i, but while they;The San Francisco Call is making a startling
eipoee • of /.financial^ affairs ¦ -V at * San; Quentin
prisbrt i j: It •'¦ alleges ¦ and i offers U> ¦; back i it *: up
with proof that the officials of t the "said ; prison,*
by. the - aid '. of/ convict ; bookkeepers. ; have been
HANF0BD JOUBNAL (DEM.):
• Incredible as it may. seem, excursions were planned
from St. Pierre to Mont Pelee even while the mon
ster of nature was belching death. If ever -there
were a dread; illustration, of .the mountain coming^ to
the people this was one
Senator Eacon has declared in the Senate that Re-;
publican leaders once occupied the position with re
spect to the Philippines that' the" Democrats are now
advocating, and it may be so. The Democratic party
generally reaches a Republican position .about ' - fouc
years after the Republicans have gone forward. :'
'..".The- boss forces were completely knocked out
in : San < Jose' s ¦' municipal '* election ; held ;, last
Monday ; i the ' so-called : : anti-boss v^or r, citizens'
ticket ! winning- in i' a" gallop. "-Those -who'op
pose ! the nomination of Governor Gage ¦ for' an
other race are rejoicing with exceeding great
Joy over,, the result .of this flection, feeling
that it was a pronounced victory for -the anti-
Gage ¦' contingency. ' showing the sentiments of
the • voters, 'as. it is claimed, that the 1 Gov
ernor's "man Friday." • Mr. Mackenzie, was
behind ¦ the 'boss ticket -trying very. - very , hard
to land ., It a - winner, i ;' But nice.', tender i crow
was ¦ on ' the ¦ bill of '< fare served : to Mackenzie
and his support at dinner on the evening: after
the election. . ; itSV/^iV^K »* '
L0MP0C JOURNAL (IND.):
Chicago reports that during the first fifteen <fays
of May there were in that city thirty cases of ; , sui
cide, or exactly, two a day, and it appears some- peo
ple are so eager to leave' Chicagowhen the hot sea
son begins they do' not " care -where they go. Any
place: in the next world is cooler than .Chicago. -: :
I; It will take more than newspaper talk. to
make the other. feUow B se,<f H that way. Just
the same. ' The ' defeat . of the machine at San-
Jose . has raised ' the ; hopes of the anti-Gaga
faction very perceptibly. , - - " . — />Evt-^s
S .The f new*pao«rs : most . active'- tn • their gup
port of . Gaee for Governor are making -a des
perate effort ' to *how that the recent rebuke
of boss methods at San Jose had nothing to do
wllh State l polities , and that the outcome of
the I elections '; there • should not * be . construed
as unfavorable to the i Gage candidacy. - ., ". 1
SANTA ROSA PRESS-DEMOCEAT
(DEM.): C-4;
That is the situation in the islands, and it has been
so.for a long time. Complaint after complaint has
been made of the evil, and report after report has
rendered the whole matter familiar to Congress.' Still
nothing has been done to provide an efficient and
'satisfactory remcdy.y \ ;,
It is to be borne; in- mind that the Government is
Recently the Manila Volcano said: "What' about
money in this archipelago?, It is nearly as debased
and depraved as the so-called Spanish laws. .,Cari
any intelligent gentleman" in these islands tell how
much in money he is worth? Can he bring from his
trousers pocket a handful of this bastard coin arid
tell its value? If so, can his neighbor' bring from
his trousers pocket the same number of coins of the
same denomination; and tell their, value? And if he
can, will the value of the two exhibits of depraved
currency.be the same in the opinion pf their pos
sessors? It will not. Now, if two individuals can
not agree on the value of the coins in their trousers
pocket, how are the 300,000 inhabitants in Manila
and the millions of inhabitants in this archipelago to
agree on a uniform value in their breeches pockets,
if they have any; or on the money in their posses
sion?" ,
The instability of the value of the currency in use
in the Philippines is a serious handicap on all kinds
of industry and works a grievous hardship to the
poor.. The evil is perceived by every visitor to
Manila. Only a short time ago a lady in that city
wrote to the Boston Transcript a review of condi
tions in the islands and safd: "Until the Govern
ment has an honest, stable currency and keeps faith
with its employes as a private business firm would
do there is very little chance of money-making."
""" a STRIKING illustration of the inability of
/\ Governments to deal promptly with abuses is'
¦L *•' to be found in the delay of the United States
Government to provide a stable and "reliable mone
tary system for the Philippine Islands. It is a sub
ject deserving the attention^ of persons who are in
clined to favor Government ownership of public
utilities, for it contains a warning of what would al
most surely happen in any\ department of public af
fairs the Government was called upon to regulate.
.The-rumor among those usually well inform
ed is that when Herrin and Burns give the
word ' the Governor will withdraw * trom the
field, leaving it apparently open, and that these
bosses will get behind Pardee of Oakland and
will endeavor to^ secure the nomination for the
latter.' That the bosses have a certain strength
is unquestioned,' for they have full control of
the Republican State machine, created and
managed by. Burns and Gage.. They can, un
doubtedly, transfer this - strength to any can
didate : they : choose to . get behind. " If . Gage
proves unavailable because ot his unpopularity
they^will take no chances! before the. people
.with such an ¦ uncertain quantity. They will
unite upon a person equally as plastic in their
handn, . but I less susceptible to a suspicion of
being controlled by them. " The rumor that will
not down is to the effect that Burns and Her
rin have already united ' upon Pardee as the
candidate of the bosses . in the event that they
decide < not to run : Gage. . and that the latter
will be eliminated as a factor when Herrin and
Burns instruct him to withdraw, and in tho
latter event, that Pardee will be the nominee
for. Governor. ; . • ' ¦ .
As a result of the constant hammering away
at Governor Gage during the past y|>ar and of
the fact- that - he. is the most unpopular public
man in California to-day, it is possible and
more than probable that, when the Republican
State convention meets, he will not be a can
didate for renomination. '¦ -.. -..'.•
MODESTO NEWS (DEM.):
GOVERNMENTAL INEFFICIENCY.
I The San Francisco Call makes sensational
charges of thievery, forgery and corruption In
the management" of the State prison at i San
Quentin, involving Warden Aguirre as inspir
ing criminal and Governor Gage as beneficiary.
The Call. backs up its charges with an array of
figures that prove very convincing. " '
yALLEJO TIMES (DEM.):
The session of the Virginia constitutional conven
tion was long, but it is said the constitution adopted
is longer still. There is a clamor among some of the
people of the State, to. have it' published in three vol
umes for convenience.
The Call emabatically declares that the
financial affairs of San Quentin prison are in
the bands of a corruDt I rlncr, . the members of
which, including the Warden, are guilty of
fraud, deception, obtaining goods under . false
pretense?, falsification of records and other
crimes, including forgery, and that Governor
The. San Francisco Call ha* been digging up
data for months past regarding the* manage
ment . of San Quentin orison under Warden
Asruirre, ¦ a bosom friend of Governor- Gage,
and . the conclusions, which ¦ are - of a most
startling nature, were given. to* the public
Saturday. • »
CHICO RECORD* (DEBL):
The San Francisco, Call has stirred up a
large dose of trouble in'San Quentin, and unless
matters are straightened out there will likely
be several libel suits and a number of dead
political ducks on the bay shore. The charges
are eerlous concerning the actions of Warden
Aguirre and Governor Gage, and Include fraud,
forgery, malfeasance, obtaining i goods J under
false pretense and a robbing of the State with
the aid of convict forgers and the misapplica
tion of public authority. Bills are cited as
having been paid by the State through Aguirre
for goods and supplies for the benefit - of the
Governor's family, and The Call says it has
proof . of - the charges and various other acts
that certainly place a big lot of . officials in a
mighty bad light. . ¦ •• .
PETALTJMA COURIER (DEKL) :
It has been a long war and a costly one both in
bloM and . treasure. It results in 1 ' the overthrow, of
twr> republics, but it lays the foundation for a united
South' Africa that may some day become an. inde
pendent republic and be a far greater antagonist to
the of^imperialism, than the Transvaal and
the Orange Free State standing. by themselves could
ever have been. The men who are now arranging, the
terms on which Boer and Briton are. to. live together
are doing more than closing a war. They are.wind
ing up an old / order of things and making way ' for
new. No one can doubt that; a great future awaits
a united South Africa', ¦ and while it ; will be British ¦ in
government an*! in form, it may be infused; through
and through and be dominated by the race that now
appears; to be conquered. \ v • ¦ -
Out of the conflicting reports the world derives
the information that peace is at hand. There may be
hesitations, delays,- disagreements and Tpostponer
ments, but the fighting is over. It has been an
nounced that King Edward is eager for peace and
has been urging, the Ministry to grant liberal terms
for the . sake of obtaining it before S the coronation.
Whether that be true of the King of not it is cer
tain that public sentiment among the British people
is overwhelmingly in favor of peace. That sentiment
will have more weight with the Ministry than the
wish of the King, and it is not likely there willbe
any . insistence "upon unconditional surrender. - The
Boers will doubtless receive good, terms to compen
sate them to some extent for the surrender of their
independence. '_.'¦ -,.-,¦:
REPORTS from London concerning the peace
negotiations are .about as confusing as. the
nearly reports at the outbreak of the war con
cerning General Builer's operations. , It will be re
membered that in those days we used to hear that
Buller has crossed the river, Buller has recrossed the
river, Buller has once more crossed the riVer, and
again that Buller has recrossed the river. So it goes
now. One day peace is assured, the next day comes
a report thatthe Boers will ;not*agree to the Brit
ish terms, and then again we hear that peace .'will'-be
established in a few days. - .
WINDING UP THE WAR.
Gage and his family wero the beneficiaries of
Aguirre's felonious acts.
Yesterday The Call presented proofs of for
gery and obtaining goods under false pretenses
and concludes with the declaration that there
is more proof to be offered.
making purchases of goods for the use of the
friends of the Warden and Governor Gage, and
the bills thereof were changed, or rather
forged, co that they appeared to be for goods
for the prison and were duly passed by the
Board of State Examiners. * The Call says that
not only one case, but many. ' whereby the
Warden -and Governor's friends robbed the
State, can be proven. The* charges are serious
ones and should be sifted to the bottom. If
there is ' any truth in them Warden 'Aguirre
should be removed at once and Governor Gage
be held responsible as well. The Call is not
likely, to make such serious charges unless it
can prove them, and these charges coming! as
they do, right after the charges of bratanty
and starving of prisoners at Folsora prison, are
not likely to assure the taxpayers that the
State money appropriated for prisons is not
being In considerable quantities put into the
pockets of dishonest officials.
DEMOCRATS AND INDEPENDENTS.
The Democratic : and' independent* newspapers 'of the State do not hesitate to" express opinions concerning the
attitude of Republican aspirants. ' Comments are as follow: , « >"¦-.*'
STOCKTON MAIL (DEM.):
Vi The Call continues to publish alleged proofs
of Its charges or corruption at San ' Quentln.
in which Governor Gage and Warden Agulrre
are implicated. The matter is of sufficient se
riousness to warrant an Investigation, and
manifestly no time should be lost in beginning
it. It is Vehemently declared that the State
has been made to pay for property for private
use and that forgery has b<?en resorted to in
order to make this' possible
In any event the region. comprised in the Central
Coast Counties has in itself enough of promise and
potency to excite not only the enthusiasm but the
energies of its people. The big wave, of migration
may subside for a time and the St. Louis, exposition
may not fulfill the sanguine expectations of its pro
moters, but none the less the enterprising men who
are working for the advancement of that region will
accomplish a large measure of success. They dan
offer inducements to settlers and to investors 'that no
other locality can exceed, and they have only to make
those inducements known to attract a class- of home
seekers who will know, how to profit by the oppor
tunities and make the most of thcmJ- -• • .
The postponement of the St. Louis exposition wilf
give the Central Coast Counties Association a chance
to make a full and striking exhibit of the resources
of their section of the State in conjunction with the
jest of California. From present prospects it seems
safe to conclude that the exposition will be one of
the most attractive as well as the largest ever held."
America never had a larger prestige in Europe than
at this time, and it is reasonable to expect a large
fpreign attendance at the exposition. Furthermore,
no. part of the United States is now attracting S o
much attention from men of large enterprise as the
Pacific Coast. It is reasonable to conclude* there
fore, that California exhibits at St. Louis will be even
more noted than were those at Chicago.
California cannot turn the course of the stream
of emigrants this year, but by following the example
of the Northwest and of Canada she can turn some
of it in this direction next year, and when once a
considerable current of migration is headed this way
th»t class of people who follow the. crowd will join
with it, and the next big wave of migration from the
East will flow into California.
The Central Coast Counties Association comes
into being in time to direct the attention of this
horde of homr-seekcrs to the unrivaled advantages
of the region the association represents. It is not to
be expected, of course, that they can accomplish
much at the start. When large numbers of men
have "begun moving in a particular direction it is not
easy to turn them in another. The Northwest has
been advertised for years. The thoughts of intend
ing migrants have been directed toward it for a long
time.- That region of country is now profiting by
the work which was dene in the past. . The stream is
flowing that way, and the general mass of home
scekcrs is carried along by the stream.
The Call has repeatedly of late directed attention
to the vast migratory movement among the people
of the Eastern and the Mississippi Valley States.
Eastern papers agree that the movement is the lar
gest of the kind in the history of the country, sur 1
passing the great westward flow of population that
built up the Steles ot Kansas and Nebraska. The
movement is directed toward the Northwest It is
flowing into Montana and the Dakotas and over
flowing into the western provinces of Canada. The
number of American farmers who are migrating to
the Dominion is so large that it has set speculative
thinkers to debating whether in the near future
Manitoba may not be more' American than Cana
dian in its population.
movement has been started for the upbuilding of
those sections of California whose resources have not
jet been fully exploited nor '.advertised, nor even
thoroughly explored. The region of country included
in the scope of the work of the association is one of
the most picturesque, fertile and attractive parts of
the globe. It is blessed with a climate of unsur
passed benignity. It has remained undeveloped be
cause until recently it has been more or less cut off
from the great highways of travel, but the com
pletion of the Coast io2d places it upon what will be
the main thoroughfare between San Francisco and
the South,- and accordingly from this time on there
will be nothing to interfere with its rapid develop
ments .
WITH the organization of the Central Coast
Counties Association, which was effected at
San Jose on Thursday, another important
The great lesson to be derived from the city
election held at San Jose is that when all tho
people register and vote the best laid schemes
of the bosses g» down to certain and sure de
feat. Out of a registration of 4S00 over 45C0
went to the polls and did their duty as^ free
American citizens. 'And. even then the bosses
were downed by only 300 votes. The boss
scheme was most skillfully planned, and but
for the almost complete registration.- and th»
voting of almost every one registered they
would have won. When all the good men vota
the schemes of the bosses are' invariably de
feated. - -
RESDLANDS CITROGRAPH:
At the present time* the wardens of the two
prisons are men who were" Dut In office- solely
because they were friends of Governor Gaee.
Just at the present time there is a serious
eruption of charges against the managements
of the urlsona, but we do not know how much
there Is in the story in either case.- At Fol-
Eom. so it is charged,' the warden has dis
played too 'much favor toward certain convicts
and has treated other convicts with extreme
cruelty.. At San Quentin the scandal: is of a
more personal nature, it being charged that
Warden AKUirre has bought supplies ostensibly
for the prison. which really .went for his per-
OAKLAND ENQUIRER:
CENTRAL COAST COUNTIES.
Yesterday . The Call presented, proofs of for
gery and obtaining goods under false pretenses,
and concludes with the declaration that there
Is more proof to b* offered.
The Call emphatically declares that the
financial affairs of San Quentin Prison are in
the hands of a corrupt ring, the members of
which, including the : Warden, ¦ are KOilty 'of
fraud, deception, obtaining goods under- false
pretenses, falsification of records and other
crimes, - including ¦ forgery, and that Governor
Gage and his family were the beneflciarle 8 of
Agulrre's felonious act. - '.
The San Francisco Call has. been digging up
data for months' past regarding the manage
ment of the San Quentin prison under Warden
Aguirre, a bosom friend of Governor Gage,. and
the conclusions, which are of a most*startling
nature, /were given to the public Saturday. \
,The * San . Francisco Call makes
charges of thievery, forgery and corruption In
the management of tfie State " Prison at San
Quentin. involving Warden Aguirre as inspir
ing criminal and' Governor Gage as beneficiary.
0R0VILLE MEBCURY:
NAPA J0TTBNAL:
SATURDAY .. MAY 31, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ~~
iiinti Al| Commn&ietfioas tt W. S. LEAKS, Hwigf r.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Inelndina* Postage t \
DAILY CALL, (including- Sunday), one year (0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including: Snndar). 3 months...... 1..T0
DAILY CALL— By. Staple Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies win be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering char.re of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O AKLAXD OFFICE i ............. HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE: KROGXKSS,
Ktnsgtr Ttrtlgn Afivirtisiag, Mar^aetU Bonding, Ckicigi
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2C19.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX v . Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE::
STEPEE5 B. SMITH bO Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: . *
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
- ;; CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News. Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
W'ASHI3fGTO5r <D. C> OFFICE. . . .14OG G St.. K. .W.
MORTO.\ E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
[ ••!' . ¦ ————— ¦**• - ;-,' -
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock, i&i
McAllister, cpen until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open, until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1095 Va
lencia, open until » o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until -9
. _ o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
i unttl 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
RED BLUFF PEOPLE'S CAUSE:
One of the' shrewdest political , observers In'
San Francisco, says the Eureka Standard, and
one who has been very 'close to Gage, said to
the writer" that unless Gape's friends carried
San Jose they must give up the contest for the
State. He saldr "It is no use to endanger Re
publican success and lose half or more* of . the
Congressional ticket to satisfy any man's am
bition ; and if this, election goes against Mac
kenzie's ticket Gage is out of the question."
These sentiments will be re-e*hoed from one
end of the State to the other. Some independ
ent Republican must be nominated. It will be
no easy task to pick the winner, but the north
ern part of. the €tate has claims to the nomina
tion, and it has a good, clean, honest and hon
orable man to present to the convention in the
person of Hon. E.B.Ed3on of .SIskiyou.
The Balzac case is even'more notable than that of
Rostand. It opens a way for. every Chicago man to
become a patron of art-and letters. He has only to
order fine editions of the works^of the masters, or.
lovely pictures with handsome frames; kVep them for
years and when called on to pay, for them refuse on
the ground that they are not fit for the Chicago do
mestic circle. It is a great scheme, and it must be
very comforting to the cultured elements and poets
of Chicago to know that they have courts which will
sustain them every time.
It appears that v the Chicago ; anonymunculus ( who
wrote, "Cyrano de "Bergerac" did not as a' matter of
fact write it exactly the same as Rostand, nor give
it the same name. He wrote a story of a man who
had a big nose and who helped another man to win a
bride.- Upon that basis Chicago holds he is entitled
to air the honors and emoluments of Rostand's play.
Chicago, in fact, excludes everything of poetry, sen
timent, eloquence,, wit and pathos v from considera
tion in matters of liteYature. The skeleton plot is
everything..^ In that respect" Chicago literary judg
ment differs from Chicago judgment on hogs, for in
the hog trade they are not content with the skeleton.
They demand the lard, the bristles and. the hoof.
A dispatch from "France reports that when Sarah
Bernhardt was asked what she thought of the deci
sion that a Chicago pork packer is thegenuine au
thor of "Cyrano" < she replied/that she now 'expects
another court of that city to decide that Mayor. Har
rison wrote "L'Aiglon." The expectation is 'hot un
natural, "and the fact ; that it ; is already felt- by one of
the^ leading lights of Paris shows how far and hbw
swiftly the fame of Chicago courts as masters of
literature has traveled.
Twice within a single week/has Chicago scored a
literary triumph -for her. people through, the processes
of her courts. First she, obtained from a' Judge a
decision that "Cyrano de Bergerac" was written by
a Chicago, man. Next she won a decree that a Chi
cago lady, may, order a fifty-volume set of Balzac's
works,. keep thenr four years,- read them, soil them,
and yet not pay" for them because they are unfit to be
read. . ;.'¦'" - > ' r ' : : ¦ ' '¦' \ ¦ ¦ . ' . >
AS a literary center Chicago is making history
rapidly, and in a very.unique way. . . Other
cities establish their prestige in the world of
letters by the aid of authors . who v write books and
win fame. Chicago resorts'to no such crude methods
as that. When she : wishes ¦ to assert any literary'
claim she makes up a: legal issue, takes it to one of
her own' courts, gets a' decision .in her favor and
exults. " I "'¦: '¦¦; •' .' : . ¦"' '->~
CHICAGO AND HER CULTURE.
The battle between'the Nicaragua and "the/Panama
routes has shifted from a struggle over, comparative
costs to a wrangle as to which ; is freest from vol
canoes and earthquakes, and. from 'the Yway experts
are being cited on both sides- of the issue it /seems
the dispute' may last for the rest of the newly born
ONTARIO BECOBD-OBSESVER:
San Jose held a city election on Monday,
and threw oft the shackles of boss rule. The
city has been for years tied up to the gang
that is now pushing Gage's interests there,
and the contest was openly and avowedly one
between the Gace and anti-Gage forces. Upon
the whole ticket. -only one Gasre man was
elected. The rout was as nearly complete as
the most sanguine could have hoped for. This
leaves Gage with a smashed . machine in his
own particular stronghold, no possible chance
<jf a' united delegation In his home county,
with San Francisco and Sacramento against
him. Alameda County divided, 1 and the whole
southern part of ' the State — the voters — bit
terly opposed to him. He ought to be able
to see the handwriting in this state of affairs.
HTJMBOLDT STANDARD: •;..,
Humboldt' s duty Is to select a delegation of
her best Republican citizens who are, not dom
inated by any man or machine; men who
know what sood citizenship requires \In every
office, and let them go to the convention un
pledged, save to do tifelr best to nominate
rood, clean, able men for every State of
fice. Then, when they are on the ground, they
can act for the best Interests of this county
and State. This should satisfy even a friend
of Governor Gage. When such a delegation
get into - convention they can support the best
and strongest - man, be he Flint or Edson,
Preston or Schmitz. or even a "dark horse.'
- It may be that besides having a candidate
for Congress this county has a man who
would aerve the State well • in the offlee of
Railroad Commissioner: but tbat is a minor
question. We want upright, honorable, fear
less men' in office: ¦ men who know but one
master, and that master the sovereign people
of the State. Give the Republican party such
a ticket and the State will roll up a grand
majority for it: give it any other sort and the
party will stand in grave danger of defeat.
The voters. - everywhere, are in about the
same temper they are here in Humboldt. They
must have fair arimartes, tickets nominated by
the people and not by the bosses, and then*
they will rally , at the polls and pile no a
splendid majority for the ticket. Republican
voters of this county should see to It that
such a ticket be placed in the field. But they
will not do it unless they get to work and as
sert their manhood, their right to select dele
gates' and candidates instead of . having the
"push" do It for them..
tlon to him is growing stronger, day by day,
in his own party. This opposition is morally
certain to defeat his aspirations to guberna
torial honors, either in the nominating con
vention or at the polls.
In view of this practical certainty that Mr.
Gage will be defeated If nominated, the folly
of those who are seeking to force his nomin
ation passes all comprehension. Their schem
ing to bring about his nomination is bad poli
tics, because he cannot be elected; bad morals,
because of his unsavory associations; and bad
faith toward the Republican party, because
those who are active in the matter profess to
be friends of the Republican party, whereas
they are ameng its worst enemies.
The administration of Governor Gage has not
been such as to win the -confidence of his own
party, nor that of the people at large. Irre
spective of party. Though pretending and
claiming much, it has been weak in most re
spects. But its great and pervading fault haa
been its shameless alliances with the disrepu
table elements of politics in both parties. In
this humiliating' fact is to be found the most
Important reason for the loss of public confi
dence^ by Governor Gage and hi3 adminis
tration.
If Governor Gage had not chosen to identify
himself with such men as Burns, Herrin, Kelly.
Crimmins, Burke, Lynch, Mackenzie — now the
discredited and defeated ex-boss of San Jose —
and other politicians with unsavory records, he
might .have retained In some degree the con
fidence and respect of hfs party. But almost
from the beginning of his official term it be
came apparent that his administration was to
be dominated by politicians of that class whom
the people distrust and despise. Is it any
wonder, under the circumstances, that the
public distrust and dislike have extended from
the political parasites and ringsters, who own
the Governor and his administration, to tha
Governor himself? Mr. Gaee deliberately
threw away his political future by casting his
lot with men of that stamp. He must abide
the conseauences.
1 It Is not in the least probable that the- ma
chine politicians who are managing the Gage
campaign will heed the handwriting on the
wall to such an extent as to desist from their
efforts to force upon the Republican convention
the nomination of this unpopular candidate.
So supreme is their confidence in the efficacy
of machine methods, that they will assume that
they can successfully override all opposition
and return their candidate to office against th»
wishes of the people. They will learn their
mistake In due time. But the right and proper
place to teach them their mistake is first at the
primaries and next in the State nominating
convention. If their disliked and discredited
candidate be there defeated, the people will ba
relieved of the duty of defeating him at tha
polls In November.
¦ ¦ . .* ¦ ¦ ¦ . ..- .. , ¦. r . . .
; y-VEFORE the , San Jose election Santa . Clara. Humboldt
#5 and Sacramento counties were regarded as boss strong
•¦—•. holds. Since: the utter rout of the Gage-Mackenzie push
in the first named county the Republican citizens of Sac
ramento and, Humboldt havebeen encouraged to renew their
efforts in the cause of good government and honest adminis
tration of public "affairs. AH signs" indicate' the defeat of the
Gage machine in the capital city. Colonel J. B. Wright, Bank
Commissioner, is known as a popular man and a good organ
izer,, but his popularity and organizing ability are not equal
to the task of lining up the people of that city for Gage. The
citizens of Sacramento ( have no enthusiasm and very little
respect for the Governor. The feeling, however, 'is not one
sided, as Gage does not appear to care a- tinker's blessing
whether the citizens of that place like or dislike him. He
prefers San Quentin to ; Sacramento ¦ and is willing that the
world shall know his preference.* •
A. J. Johnston hopes to get from the Republicans of. Cali
fornia another nomination to the office of State Printer. He
lives in Sacramento and has strong home' support. The 7 pro
gramme prior to the San Jose election was that Gage delegates
under the cover of ;Johnston should be selected, but the
friends of Johnston, in the light of . recent developments, have
deemed it advisable _ to : ' Inform the public' in a general way
that the fight for . State Printer, as far as their candidate Is
concerned, Is* not connected with the contest for any other
State' office. Johnston may be able to win the ' support, of Sac
ramento for himself, but he cannot programme the delegation
of that county for Gage.
A' few weeks prior to the issue of the call for the Republi
can State Convention the Hurnboldt bosses said that every
thing was adjusted in that county and . that the delegation
¦would be" for Gage. It was then supposed by the machine
manipulators that appointed delegates would be recognized
and th.it Bull and Campbell would appoint the representatives.
Intelligence now comes from the. north that the citizens of
Eureka, Arcata and other places of the county intend to take
part in the election of delegates. There Is bound, to be an
animated contest at the primary election. If Humboldt County
throws off the yoke of bessism good citizens in every section
of California will have cause for great rejoicing.- Every com
munity discovers in time that there can be no material pros
perity or industrial development under boss rule. San- Jose,
emancipated, from boss rule, promises to achieve a full meas
ure of prosperity under the new regime. , ; f :
The Influential .newspapers of the State, in commening on
-the political [situation generally, hold to the opinion that Gov
ernor Gage's chances for renomination have vanished. He te
so closely allied with the bosses the people no longer have
confidence in him. The scandals touching his administration
of public affairs multiply. Here is a sample collection of com
ments:
VIS ALIA DELTA: f
We have ' no authority to speak for Editor
Pillsbury, but so far as the Delta Is concerned,
there can be no concatenation of circumstances
and no intervening influences that can secure
our support fo"r Gage. :: If he cannot be defeated
at the nominating convention he must and will
be defeated at the polls. ¦
sonal.use or for the use of the Governor and
members of his family. There may bepoliti
cal bias In the story, in the one Instance ana
personal venom in the other. In dae time, no
doubt, the Board of Prison directors,
which contains a. majority of Democrats, will
make the necessary investigation, and we may
look to know the truth. • .. , _
But the main thine which Is desirable is a
change in fundamental conditions. T "f r^
Ought to be a .state of public opUrton which
would make ' it for any Governor
to cause the! chief positions in the two PJ"«ona
to be filled with his personal friends without
regard to Qualifications. '
LOS ANGELES TIMES:
As time passes the tact Is made more and
more apparent that Henry T. Gage cannot lie
re-elected. Governor of California. The opposr
That is a formidable indictment. It is not strange
that a people who have^o many grievancesyto com
plain of should demand the right of self-government.
Moreover, it is easy to see why such governmental
restrictions may materially interfere with the devel
opment of the Territories. Arizona, Oklahoma and
New Mexico have already a population large enough
to entitle them to statehood, and if they be admitted
it seems reasonable to assume their j populations
would be speedily doubled.
Mr. Smith sets forth a statement of ' specific
charges of wrong inflicted upon a people by Terri
torial governments with especial application to Ari
zona. He says: "Congress has given us a system
of courts inherently wrong. It has regulated the
number of our Judges, which is grossly inadequate,
and results often in delay and often in denial of jus
tice. It denies us the authority to call an extra ses
sion of the, Legislature unless the will of the Presi
dent be first consulted. It reserves the right to de
stroy any good obligation we may assume and has
actually validated and made binding on us a lot of
illegal railroad bonds which" the Supreme Court ok
the United States had previously declared void." It
prohibits us from expending our money on public
improvements, no matter how urgent our necessi
ties. It has stifled industries by prohibiting us from
selling mining properties in" foreign markets, thus
laying upon us an embargo not borne by the States.
It has exempted '400 'miles of railway from taxation
and^refuses to survey the enormous land grant of
said road so that taxes on the land might be im
posed by the Territory. It has, withheld the land
which belongs to our school fund, refuses us all con
trol over it- until we become a State, and then re
fuses us statehood. It gives us no representation in
either House of -Congress, and yet imposes taxes.
It has even refused to appropriate the salaries pro
vided by law for the hungry officials it has sent us.
It has persistently refused to pass laws by which tim
ber lands could be sold or leased, and has hedged
the limited right to tike timber for any purpose
with odious and impractical rules. And last, but not
least, it has fastened upon us an odious system of
carpet-bag rule." . .
It is a noteworthy fact that the residents of no Ter
ritory like a Territorial government. In every sec
tion of the Great West the people have, begun agi
tating for admission to statehood about as soon as
they are numerous enough to hold a convention^ or
rich enough to support a newspaper. ; That is in it
.self a strong argument for. statehood Why should
Congress impose upon any considerable number of
American people upon American soil a system of
government that is distasteful to them?
Of course the fact that these rapid increases of
population followed the admission of the several
Territories to statehood does not prove that the ad
mission was the cause of the increase. Still the fact
that th^ increase has been invariable after admission
shows that there is at least some stimulus given to
development by local self-government.
Mr. Smith asserts that Territorial government has
interfered with. the development of every section of
the country that has been under such government,
and that the acquirement of statehood has always
been followed by a rapid advance in population, in- .
dustry, wealth and education. He says: "In ten
years after statehood the population of Kentucky in
creased 200 per cent; Tennessee, 105 per cent; Ohio,
408; Louisiana, 100; Indiana, 500; Mississippi and
Alabama, over 400; Illinois, 350; Missouri, in;
Michigan, 221; Florida, 570; Iowa, 345; Wisconsin,
826; California, 370; Minnesota, 2370; and all the
balance taken together increased at the surprising
average ratio of 275 per cent." . %
MARCUS A. SMITH of Arizona \jri a speech
in support of the statehood bill now before
Congress made a review of the . relative
superiority of State over Territorial government,
and brought, together a number of interesting facts
concerning the development of the country. It is
one of the most instructive addresses delivered on
the subject, and while there may be objections in
some quarters to certain of its statements, there will
be no dispute concerning its essential merit as a
contribution toward the discussion of the right of
the people of the Territories to have a complete
State government as soon as they are fitted by their
wealth and numbers to sustain it. .
UNPOPULARITY OF GAGE
IS GENERALLY RECOGNIZED
STATES AND TERRITORIES.
How would' that kind of delay affect a community
if the regulation of street railways/water, gas' and
electricity-were in the hands of- 'the Government?
Private ownership is of course subject to abuses, but
it never fails to get needed : work done when ; an
emergency calls for it.
favorable tothe demands "<?f the islanders and-under
stands the value of a sound currency! . It is a sound
money :House; a sound 'money - Senate 'anda sound
money administration. Congress and the President
are alike eager to* promote the welfare of the island
ers/- TheyUre eager . to put" the currency upon a
stable basis.' In-spite of all that nothing has been ac
complished and there is no telling when the slow;
moving niachinery of governmental, action will at
last achieve- the work. , »
rraE SAN FB ANGISGO,; CALL, SATURDAY, \MAY 31, 1902.
¦11 Danger Spots HI
siiissilsE - I • \lL : '
iiiiiiiiii " . in the iiiiiiiiii
Illlliilli fiI lUC : Iiiiiiiiii
oooooooooo W^ ' . 4k % oooooooooo
iiiiiiiiii Farth V f met ll H «««
o-§§.o§SSSSS '.READ .WHAT SCIENTISTS SAY SSSSSSSSSS
SfloVoooooo AROIIT THcmr ' nooooooooo
ooco-opoooo ADUUl lHfcM. aooooooooo
— iiim^^^ o_c_o_o_o_o_o_ao_o
DAILY LIFE ON A BATTLESHIP, ooo jhe MISSION OF THE
By Alfred Dezeadorf. 000 DANCING SCHOOL.
'r/. OOO , , .
TRAINING ANIMALS FOR THE ° o %° o GET THE SUNDAY CALL POSTER
ZOO. : °oo p Arp
Ey Colonel Daniel Boone. goo The poster fad gfrh wfll riow hare
SAN FRANCISCO'S YOUNGEST S o o ?. c 1 han " to Iecufe m by The
MILLINER. - ° % § CaU ' s b=st ***** iWBBm
The story of s scren-year^old girl %%% SEE THE COSTUME POSES BY
- who makes her own hats. °oo SAN FRANQSCO SOCIETY LA-
BASKET BALL, THE J SCHOOL^ °oS DIES.
GIRLS' GAME, l%% READ. THE NEW. WOLFVILLE
i With illustrations of crack teams in o o Z STORIES BY "ALFRED HENRY
action. . 000 le^j. ,
i— i^Mil^—^^^^^^__ O O o . - " ' - ¦ ¦
000 0000 c Too^^^™^"™^^^^^^"^"""""^ hm — -
OOOOOOOOOO *" - ¦ ¦ '" - ' - - ¦ V ¦_' •¦ . - . /- OOOQOOOO O # 0
oooooooooo 1» W TSna jgr csam ooooooooo^
oooooooooo MB| \. W ril ¦ oooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOO 1%1 9 , I""-- v OOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooo 1 fki H Jl M oooooooooc
oooooooooo ; . I «¦ " ; . B^ -, #^ ¦¦ • 000000000-
oooooooooo I ¦ W ¦ 1 #% 1 oooooooooo
ssssssssss nu/ll . itsssssssss
oooooooooo J^ _ •'•¦¦¦' 1 oooooooooo
oooooooooo -. #%'-W-'W'm'W«i^' W TT IF oooooooooo
oooooooooo '¦ P I 1 OTk H a\ A \ JF <5000o0 nnoo
ssssssllsg O U l-i 1 I A I -"ill
iifiiiiiii mm 1 1 LJI * 1: Hi s
Hiliillll ' A I f'.f - . ill
oooooooooo I - #% I - I
-The- Northern Pacific Rail-way is the. best,
cheapest and quickest ronte.' From Lewis ton
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to e'ther Warrens or Dixie, from which polnt3
the trails into this district aro most accessible
For rates, etc., address T. K. STATELER*
G. A.. M7 Market St., S. F. • ¦
?P Going- to Thxmder Mountain P?
¦ A New York man saved 1300 pennies dur-
ing many years and then had the bulky
treasure stolen. . ¦ :
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public, men by tha
Fiess Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask-
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townscnd's.*
CaL glac* fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend**^
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIfiG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call unlfneritaera contemplating- a clinnffe ot
recideaee during tlie summer months can have
their paper forwarded l>y mall to yieir new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a. local agent in
all towns on the coast. : k¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦'- '¦ '¦•¦'¦• . ¦ -•.¦•¦.. ¦ ¦ . ¦ r.iJ- -: "*¦-:-
SOME BONNIE SCOTCHMEN AND A FEW OF THEIR INVITED GUESTS, WHO DANCED REELS, FLINGS, TWO
STEPS AND OTHER THINGS AT THE ANNUAL, PICNIC OF THE CALEDONIANS YESTERDAY. THE
SKETCHES ARE THE IMPRESSIONS OF A CARTOONIST OF THE CALL. . \
I^jdge Enjoys Bay* of Becreation and
• ;-., Sports ; at Schuetzen. «-
The Foresters held their twenty- eighth
annual reunion and picnic yesterday, at
Schuetzen' Park, San Rafael. ,.
The Juvenile ' Foresters as well as the
A: O. F. j and s C. O. F. '¦ enjoyed the day. :
" A large crowd made j merry at games
and dancing. There were sixty-four gate
prizes and as many more game and.Tom
bola'prizes. v
-The distribution of prizes ' 'will take
place at a* dance to ; be given Wednesday
evening, ','¦- June ; 11, at Social Hall, .132
O'Farrell' street. • . ¦- .. •
,The officers of the lodge are: S.J. Sev
erance,' president ; • M.' Boepple, viee presi
'dent; C M. t Boehm, ' secretary ; \ F. ' 3eutler, :
treasurer; j George | Monck,' sergeant-at
arms.', The following committees were In
charge yesterday: \ • .
- Reception • comrnlttee — J. . . Falconer . (chair
man),* Mrs. B. ;¦ Scott. Mrs. ,- A. ; Boehro. Mrs.
M, E. -Falconer. Mrs.- M. Anderson, Mrs. - Mosh
er j Mrs ,uV.' ; McNorton. Mrs. 'A. '. Senne. .' A;
Cairns, :' j; Horwood, A. O. Clark.: H. Howe, A.
Buckley. •¦'. J ''--:"--•- '¦ r . .- ; — -:? : .
¦ Tombola . commlttce^S. J.'. Severance • (chair
man), Mrs. : Redtshler.' Mrs. Portls. Mrs.'K.M.'
Howard, 1 ' Mrs. M.', Holmes. Mrs. : F. N; Corwin,
Mrs *¦¦ L.-- Severance. 1 - Mrs/ E. "Borneman. Mrs.
Charplot,". George -W. Corwin, Mrs.. A. O. Clark,
Mrs.. Fuetscher, Mr». c: Buckley. , '.
¦-' Games I committee— J. 1 Bowen I (chairman), | J.'
Horwood/ G. i M. : ScotV H.' Howe.' M. Boepple. '.
• - Floor . * ¦ manager — George » " Monck ; ¦-' assistant
rnanagora. , George Friedemann.'.H. Lemser. . . ;
• -. Floor ' committee^— M. ' Boepple. A." Cairns.' H.
At the conclusion of the services at the
National Cemetery, Colonel Oscar. F.' Long
Garrison, No. 101, Regular Army and
Navy Union, held special services at its
monument at the northern end of the
military reservation." •. - - :• - -¦- -•- .^-:v
• Music, United States Army Band; remarks by
chairman of the day, Comrade John H. Rob
erts; invocation. Rev. •W. W. Case; vocal, "All
Honor to the Soldiers" (Boleldieu), California
Quartet; "Lincoln's Gettysburg Address,"
Comrade Selden Sturges: . music, - selection.
United States Army Band: oration. ' Comrade
A. J. Buckles; vocal, "Peace. Be Btlll" OMacy)
California Quartet: music, selection, United
States Army Band; "Star-spangled Banner"
United States "Army Band; taps, bugler United
States army. . ' .,.-...
The exercises at the Presidio closed with
the firing of a volley over the graves by
a detachment of United States troops and
the sounding of taps by the army buglers
The programme at the Presidio Cemetery
was as follows:
TROOPS FIRE VOLLEY.
Youth and old age united at the Na
tional Cemetery at the Presidio yester
day to do honor to the memory of those
who in defense of the Stars and Stripes
gave up their lives. Youth was repre
sented by the soldiers v stationed at the
Presidio— while the members of the George
H. Thomas Post of the Grand Army of
the Republic were the men upon whom
rest the marks of age.
At the cemetery large crowds congre
gated to decorate the graves of those who
fell in defense of. nhe flag. Fathers,
brothers, gisters, mothers and friends of
the soldier dead visited the last resting
place of the boy in blue. When at 12 m
the national salute of 21 guns was fired
there was not a grave in the silent city
not decorated. Following the salute came
the rendering of "Nearer, My God, to
Thee*' by the artillery band. Then John H.
Roberts of George H. Thomas Post, who
acted as chairman of the day, spoke for
several minutes, reminding- the veterans of
the two wars of the sacrednes.-s of the day
and of the necessity of the continuance
of the yearly tribute paid to the men who
gave up their lives to enhance the slory
of the flag. Rev. W. W. Case delivered
the invocation, and the California Quar
tet rendered appropriate music The
orator of the day, Hon. A. J. Buckles,
Superior Judge of Solano County, followed
with an eloquent eulogy In which he
spoke of the loss in numbers of the Grand
Army since the last memorial day cele
bration, and called upon the younger men
to "see to It that the brave spirits who In
defense of the flag had braved the dangers
of a foreign land, and carried the banner
of freedom to victory" were not forgot
ten.
YOUTH AND OLD
AGE UNITED AT
HEROES' GRAVES
FORESTERS' ANNIT AIi OUTINQ.
.: Games committee— A. E. Pinching, chairman -
G. H. Brackets G. W. Dean, A. 1.. Fuller, J.
B. Miller, John O'Malley, C. W. -Jennings W
J. Swarts. W. tr. Frier, R.. Christy. • ' ;¦>
' Floor committee — H. A. Cahalan, -floor man
ager; aids— F. P. Scully, G. L. v Blackwen, F.
J. Antony, C. A. Arnold,- C. E. Crew J. E
Murray,' G. H. - Galbralth; C. B. Dennis.
Reception committee — -J.»C. Kindeloh, chair
man; 'F. B. Freeman, F. G-. Law, C. A. Jack
son. G.C Brown, H. B. Partridge, R.' B.
Cameron, T. , E. J. Gardner, ' E. N. Merguire,
E. R.,Ayers. \V. A. Bates, H. M. Cordelle H
J. Senter. R. W. Dodd, C. P. Butte, E. R,
Harnett, A. C. Gardner. W. H. Barton, R. A.
Lennon. •¦ '; •¦ \
: Committee of arrangements — S. R. Chappel,
honorary chairman; "W. J.* Hardy,, chairman;
L.H. Fortune, manager of affairs; John Ed
wards, L. ¦ E.~ Myers, H. T. Crlpps,- A. J. Kas
ten, J. P. Freeland.G.J. Strong. A. W. Mar
shel. R. . V. ¦ McAllister. C. L. Herbst. C. A.
Muller. <
The following committees had charge:
- ! In the office race, Harry Cahalan ] won
first , place, James Miller second, E. -N.
Merguire third and Irvy Hardy' fourth.
In the office married men's race first
prize was won by Kdward Cooney, second
by F. Schilllngford, third by Melville
Cleaves and fourth' by Eugene Ayers,
The pavilion was the center of attrac
tion throughout the day. . Dancing was
enjoyed by hundreds of couples whenever
the band played, and the band played
with - very short intermissions from the
time of the ' arrival of the trains until
neaj>»y time for the departure of the last
one at 6 o'clock. ¦ .
Games, were held „ early in the day.
There were races for boys and for girls
under 10, for boys under 15, : for office em
ployes, for wives of office employes and
a lighted candle race for young women.
The employes of the local freight .office
of the Southern Pacific, Company held
their ninth annual outing yesterday at
Fernbrook Park, Niles Canyon. Three ex
cursion trains ran to the picnic grounds,
carrying, more than 2500 people. . ¦
Southern Pacific Freight Office Em
s ployes Picnic at Niles.
RAILROAD MEN HAVE OTJTING.
: Qhief A. M. , McPherson superintended
the games, J and was ably assisted by
Charles. A. McPhee, the official starter:
William" Mitchell, announcer; Neil Lind
say. Adam Ross and Ed -Ross, pipers;
ex-Chief Angus McLeod and the other
officers of the club— F. F. Finlay, James
H. Duncan, J. W; Cameron and Dr. J. A
J. McDonald. First Chieftain J, A. Mc-
Leod won universal praise for Ms effi
cient management of the' refreshment
tent, where .with the help of. several
members of the club he dispensed gen
erous hospitality to the guests.
Dancing was kept up in the pavilion
from 11 a. m. till 8 p. m., and the floor
was crowded all the time. The music
was supplied by Fairgri eve's band. Thu'
dancing was superintended by Frank
Macdonald, Charles Macdonald, Gus m.\i-
Intyre, Walter Reed, Joseph J. McKln
non;. Ray Elder and George McDonald, j
LIST OF THE WINNERS. ''
Following are the results of the differ
ent events, the winners being in the or
der named:
Quoits — James Toman, Robert Jardlne, Alec
Strang. . -
Throwing heavy hammer, for members and
ot sister societies — W. Morgan, 85 feet 2 inches;.
D. W. Dow 82 feet 2 inches; W. P. Grant,
77 feet . V- ...:.:¦ - ¦¦ -\ .- : ¦
- Throwing light hammer, for members and of
sister societies— W. Morgan. 106 feet; W. P.
Grant, OS feet 7 inches; D. W, Dow, 95 feet 4
inches. ... • .;•.,.: . - . <-. . . • ¦ ..
1 i Putting heavy stone, for members and of sis
ter societies — D v -W7 Dow. 28 feet 4 Inches; L.
Smith, 27 feet. 11 inches; W. Morgan, 27 feet
9 Inches: ¦ ¦ ,». ;
.Putting light 'stone, for members and of
sister societies— D. \V. Dow, 3« feet 4 inches;
J. A. Cameron, 34. feet 3 Inches; L. Smith,' 33
feet 7 Inches. - : . - / : \-
Race for sons of members and of Scottish so
cietles-^Tom Carrol, Charles Beck, J. McCaw,
Handicap ir.ee for sons of members and ! of
Scottish societles^-Ed Jones, Will Beck,
.Thomas Scott. I
Handicap race for daughters of members and
of Scottish societies— Eva ' McFarland, Sophie
Gilbert;. Jessie Mundell. -. ,:.
Vaulting with polefor sons of members and
of Scottish societies— J. McCaw, T. Carrol, W.'
Mclntyre. ¦ . . ? -
/Best dressed men In plain Highland costume
— John Morrison, Adam Boss, Alex McCaw.
Best dressed ¦ men in. full Highland costume —
Nell' Lindsay, Hugh Fraser. D. D. McRae.
Best' dressed- boys In full Highland costume
—Prosper Forrest, J. McCaw, Robert Campbell.
Grand Highland reel— Ed Ross, Robert Ross,
Adam Ross. 5 •"
Race f or : men— M. • W. Beck, G. Harris, R.
E. Cochran. .' ¦ . . ¦ ¦ : - :' . ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ' ¦
Throwing' heavy. jhammer — D. R. Campbell.
118 feBt 10 inches: ¦Ji'J." Cameron, 110 feet 0
inches; T. Carrol. 106 feet S inches. :
Throwing light hammer — D. R. Campbell. 1 142
feet 2 inches: J. J. Cameron, 128 feet 9 inches;
T. Carrol. 126 feet.
Running hop, step and Jump— R. E. Cochran,
40 feet 11 inches: J. Murphy, 40 feet 5 inches;
A. McCaw, 35 feet 3 Inches. . -;
I Putting heavy etone—D. R.. Campbell, 34 feet
10 inches; T. Carrol, 33 feet 2 inches; J. J.
Cameron, 20 feet 0 Inches.
•¦-Flitting light stone— D. R. Campbell. 44 feet:
T. Carrol, 42 feet 9 inches; J. A. Cameron, 31
feet -7- inches. . - '. ' ¦ ¦-'¦ - ......
r Hurdle • race-^-M. W. Beck, R. E. Cochran,
'. Highland - fling— Ed Ross, Adam Ross,' "W.
Ranwick. 1 ; . ' • '", . " * •*.-*¦•
. Highland fling, lads and lassies In costume-
Bessie Allan, Virginia Schulze, Rose McDonald.
1 Sword dancer-Ed Boss, , Alex McCaw, Adam
Ross.:. ¦ . '¦¦ '' " ;¦¦""• ¦'' , • ' ,\ •¦-'..•' ••
••'•Bagpipe playing— Ed Ross, Adam Ross, -W.
Ranwick.,, ... • .¦."-. / ¦ •- - j
; Running jump-— M. ' W. Beck, R. E. Cochran/
J.- Murphy; ' - ¦ '•'>,-'.-, ¦ - ' • •¦-.-.
.Vaulting with the pole^ — J. E. Murphy, Cos
ible and McCaw tie.- • ¦ ; ,
. Reel o' Tulloch— Adam Roes, Ed Ross, Alex
McCaw. ¦'.'--¦- -"..-',¦¦-¦.'; ¦¦ -.'¦¦.. '•¦¦. -w -.
¦ Ladles' ... race— Mabel. Coady, , Mamie Alyln,- E.'
Madison..' ; "'. ¦ -¦ ¦¦¦' - ,'',-*-i -' ~ '-**•-•. OttV.
¦-Scottish reel— J. A.-McLoud. J." J. , Cameron,
'J.- A. Cameron, ' Alex McDonald. ...--• v ..
.>*tRace for members'of. Caledonian Club — D. R;
Campbell.s M. -W.- Beck,. W. M. Morgan., .^
Running high ¦ Iean-^-M. ¦ W. '• Beck. J. Murphy,
¦'MeBane.'- ¦¦-'¦' ¦';, . ¦¦¦¦¦V- :¦¦.¦¦¦-. . ¦¦ ¦¦..'. ?,-!r'<:-',
-/ ' Hitch and kick— J. E. Murphy, J. t Sexsmith."
.W. ¦ P.- Grant. -¦-'¦ i ' j >¦.'. V. . '-. -. .;•. '¦ •.-. •...-.;; 1 :* ,
i.i Sack . race— Dok Ahern, ; /W. \ Beck, R.* Mc
*Allister.'^;i ;.•?;_-'.-'.¦-:. • -..- - v ./Ly. .¦••//•'.V
•-¦S.word dance — tads and lassies in ( costume—
TSessie Allan, ./Virginia Schulze,- Prosper For
¦<•¦ rest."--' ' *¦.¦,' * '¦ '
Hofman, William Morgan, Peter Man
nan, J. J. Cameron, James Cameron and
Allan McKlnnon. »
In the athletic .events D: R. Camp
bell, the big policeman, carried off . the
honors. He won the first prize in each
event, ""including throwing the heavy
hammer,, throwingr the light . hammer
putting the heavy stone, putting the light
stone and tossing the caber.' In -throw
ing the light hammer he beat the record
at the Caledonian games, his score beiner
142 feet 2 inches. - In Highland dancing
for men -Ed Ross carried oft all the first
prizes. ' . : - • •- : ¦:.¦",. .-..¦.. . - ;
i One of the prettiest sights at the games
was the dancing. by boys' and girls in
Highland costume. There were about
sixty of them on the. platform at a time
about double the number at any previous
gathering, and they • all tripped, it with
a' vim, most of them showing grace and
charm in their movements- that caned
forth loud applause. v • , .7 ¦»
The tug of war between .the married
and single men caroused creat interest
The captain of. the married men : was
"William Mitchell, and -the; captain -of the
single men was J. E. ' MacCormac. After
an exciting pull the married . men ; won •
The ¦ winning team was composed of ¦» !>.-
R. Campbell, anchor; D. McFarlane. Rov
Mayor Schmitz and his wife sat on the
steps of the dancing pavilion, and behind
them in a group were the officers of the
ciub, boys and girls and men in High
land costume, while- a photograph was
taken, i , ,
All the events, forty in number, were
keenly contested. . Most interest was
evinced in the bagpipe competition for a
$200 gold medal. There were only four
contestants, several who had entered not
making their appearance. The judges, who
were in a tent so that they could not see.
the contestants, were John Morrison and
D.. D. McRae of Sacramento and James
A. McKay. < The. competitors had to play
pibrochs, marches, reels and strathspeys.
The first prize was awarded to Ed Ross/
the second to "Adam Ross and the third
to W. Ranwick.'
MANY PHIZES FOR CAMPBELL.
MAYOR SCHMITZ SPEAKS.
There w^re loud cries for a speech, and
the Mayor laughingly compiled. He said
he had heard a great deal of the hospital
ity of the Scotch people in their native
land, and although he had not had th<»
pleasure, of visiting "the land o' cakes,"
he was , satisfied from his experience on
the picnic ground that the term, "genuine
Highland hospitality" could be ungrudg
ingly bestowed upon the Scotchmen resi
dents in San Francisco. He expressed
himself as. delighted with what he had
seen and concluded by paying a compli
ment to the officers of .the club. His re
marks .were greeted with loud cheers...
A large number of enthusiasts from a
distance -were present. Among them was
a delegation of more than fifty from Sac
ramento, including ex-Chiefs John Morri
son. James McCaw, Tom Scott, H. K.
McLellan and D. D. McRae of the Cale
donian Club of that city; David Hanna of
Germantown, Glenn County, and Robert
McQuarrie of Vallejo.
Among the guests of the club from the
c'ty were Judges Carroll Cook, Hunt, Mo
gan and Cabaniss; former Judge Belcher;
Rev. Fathers Grant and Praught, Gavin
McNab, Jlmmle Britt, Assistant -District
Attorney Greeley and Chief Deputy Cor
oner P. J. McCormick.
A pleading feature of the outing was the
presence of Mayor Schmitz, accompanied
by his wife. They seemed to thoroughly
appreciate the dancing by girls and boys
in. Highland costume and the other
events. They were escorted to the pavilion
by *t-Chiefs D. R. McNeill, Angus Mc-
Leoaand John F. Kennedy, and as they
entelbd the band*- played "Hail to the
Chief." J . ¦¦> .
8000 people were on the grounds,"
and from the general expressions heard
they all thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
The weather was perfect and everything
tended to a most enjoyable outing.
THE thirty-sixth ! annual gather
-ing and games of the Caledonian
Club, held at Shell Mound Park
yesterday, were successful, both
financially and .otherwise. It
was roughly estimated that fully
Longr race for men — A. Jelllnskl, "W. Kelly,
R. H. Murray.
Boys' handicap race — W. Beck, J. Murphy,
•Ed Jones. ...
Tossing the caber — D. R. Campbell, 35 feet
9 inches; J. J. Cameron. 35 feet 6 inches; J. A.
Cameron. 32 feet 8 inches. . •,
Tug- of, war, married and single men — Mar
ried men wen. ,
In th* Mexican war, entered » into to pre
serve the liberties and Independence of Ameri
can citizens' in Texas.- our flag swept out be
yond the borders of our own land, nor stopped
nor stayed its onward march of conquest until
all the territory from the Rio Grande to the
capital of MptIco acknowledged its supremacy
In 1812. by the valor of our soldiers and
sailors and the splendid statesmanship of our
rulers, the United States won recognition from
s.11 the world as an international power; and
we cet at naught the decrees of Napoleon pro
mulgated at Berlin and Milan, and the Order
of Council issued from the etar chamber of
England, and by a series of brilliant victories
on land and pea won immunity from search
cf American ships and respect for the rights
of sailors under the American flag.
It is a beautiful and noble ceremonial, this
American custom of decorating the graves of
the departed «n a holiday appointed by the
supreme authority of the nation. For a time
the minds and the thoughts of the participators
are raised above the sordid desires and crav
injrs of our far too strenuous form of living,
•nd we are taught the great lesson of human
equality, for all who lie beneath these grassy
mounds in eternal eleep are equal.
To-day we remember the great revolution,
when three millions of colonists, scattered over
a sparely settled territory extending from
Maine to Florida, along a little fringe of civ
ilization, the edge of an tm broken wilderness,
dared to defy the powerful mother country,
and ring out the tocsin of liberty and equality;
dar*>d to proclaim to a listening world the glad
tidings of the birth of a new nation whose
foundations' were laid In righteousness and
Jostlce.
On this morning, in every part of our land.
flags are fluttering at half mast; children are
gathering into eager groups before the school
house doors under the guardianship of patriotic
teachers; business men have forsaken their
stores banks and factories; the mechanics and
laborers have ceased their labors for a time;
the vouths and maidens, the matrons and the
head's of families, the old ..and the young are
participating in processione wending their ways
toward the silent cities cf the dead. Each and
all bear with them some token of affectionate
regard, seme tribute of love and remembrance,
la the form of nature's richness the wealth
of spring — for to-day is our national Memorial
day.
People cf every creed and every faith,
of every previous nationality and every
clime, of every shade of political opin
ion and belief, may Join together upon the
broad level of American patriotiem, and., side
by side, keep solemn etep to the tiirgea of
mourning a.s they press onward with hearts
filled with loving thoughts, grateful senti
ments and noble and patriotic impulses, bear-
Ing their offerings to decorate and beautify
the last sad resting places of the loved and
lost of days gone by.
John D. Gish, chaplain of the Sons of
Veterans, read the "Speech of Lincoln at
Gettysburg." and Clara Bell Brown read
an appropriate original poem, entitled
"Hc-roes Then and Now." A class of fifty
beys and giris from the James Lick
Grammar School sang in a feeling man
ner "The Nation's Dead"; and the
Knickerbocker Quartet sang "Rest,
Peaceful, Rest" and the "Heroes Who
Sleep." A squad from Company D, First
Irtantry, National Guard of California,
fired a volley over the graves and Bugler
Archie Block sounded taps. Duncan E.
McKinlay delivered the oration of the
clay. He spoke in part as follows:
members cf the Grand Army who were
left to shower honors upon the graves of
their departed comrades, and prayed that
all those present might be left in the laud
of the living to participate in the cere
monies of the next Memorial day. He
thar.ked God that so many of the "heroes
of '61" were still able to give honor to tht
dead, and prayed ferventiy that they and
tneir successors might be granted many
ye&rs of life in which to preserve the
great and glorious Union the men whose
graves they decorated had died to keep
intact.
EVENING SERVICES.
The evening memorial exercises took
P ™lt 8t * night at Metropolitan Temple
»,» n V/ e * et ft 8 o'clock. The temple
r w P A Ck if d £° l he doo ? s when Comrade
come'- " be&anhis add ress of wel
fJw SP o e 5i h l y the M a>'or, was full of
reeling, and the orator of the evening
frTOJw.-! Sh , ortrld ee. his listed
ers with him for over an hour.. The pro
gramme was as follows:
Overture. "American National Airs" (Theo
Moses). noncovJeri'a Orchestra; remarks by
chairman of the evening. Comrade G ™\V. Ar 
ckl : e . '^location. Rev. J. a. B. Wilson: vo
f^lJ^? 1 ? e *' ,° Coun try." California. Qua£
tet— C U Goetting (first tenor), W. E.- Smith
(»cond tenor). C. L. Gage (bass). C. U PaTent
(second baes): remarks. Hon. Eugene e
Schmitz: contralto solo, "My Flag" (Roecken
MIso Elena Roeckel. words by M^ge WaUace'
"Lincoln-s Gettysburg Address." ComraSe S^
8eph p- Crawford. M. D.; vocal solo '•Star-
3 *" 1161 " ( P y) ' Mls * Minnie Hussey.
SS M Rh n^S Pan " nen V oration. Hon. Saml
uel M. Shortrldge; vocal duet, "Mother Pan
This the Glory Be?" (Stephen Glover). Mrs !£
F".?^!? 8 !?, 11 *"£ Mlss MIl ">ie Hussey; music,"
(a) -"OKI Flag Forever" (L?Ha France) (W
tr^v^i" • <^ Uze f" M £ rch " <Schmit»rS«h2.
tra vocal * reedom. Home and Native Land"
(Adams), California Quartet.
, The , Str^ 8 included with the sing-
SI IJd^e 1 ! 1110 '' "** °< * the
and it floated to triumph over the ancient pal
aces of the Montezumas.
Then the black shadow of the tragedy of our
history passed over the fair face of the land
and obscured the brightness of our country's
splendor. Eleven Southern States, containing
eight millions of people, nearly one-third of the
population of the entire Union, were swept into
insurrection against the Government and an
tagonism to the country's flag.
Of the heroes of the supreme tragedy of our
country's life, the four years of blood and
carnage which shook to the very center of the
firm foundations upon which our nation Is
bullded, forget not one. And as we reverently
lay our garlands and our wreaths upon the
monuments and mounds around tus. our
thoughts carry us beyond tire shores of time
and we behold even as with earthly vision,
the magnificent host mustering: again In- the
effulgence of eternity.
¦ The societies that took part in the cer«
n.cnies at the Odd Fellows'- Cemetery
were the following: Grand Army Po&U
Lincoln, James A. Garfleld. Colonel Cass
and General George G. Meade /
In the absence of Edward S. Salomon,
past grand commander of the Grand
Army of the Republic, Major Hugh T.
fa:me acted as master of ceremonies
Continued From Page Three-
TROOPS MARCH THROUGH STREETS OF CITY.
WASHINGTON, May 30.— The last of
ficial orders Issued by the United States
military authorities in Cuba have just
reached Washington. They detach Cap
tain D. E. Aultman from duty with the
coast artillery, especially commending
him for his services in organizing and
raising it to such a high standard of ef
ficiency.
The same officer is then by request of
President Palma detailed on special duty
as instructor' with the "cuerpo de artil
leria," or newly organized Cuban army
corps.
UNITED STATES OFFICEB
WILL INSTRUCT CUBANS
Leeds did not disturb the bodies, but
carefully marked the site of the cave and
after prospecting returned to Valdez. An
expedition is being organized, headed by
Captain Story of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation, to make a thorough, exploration
of the cavern and the remains that repose
therein. • ;*?.:
The find was as big a mystery to the
natives as to the white man. Their tribe
has been on the shores of Prince William
Sound for a period so remote that their
traditions do not run back to the time
of its advent there, yet they have had
no knowledge of the cave or of the char
acter of people who are Interred there.
Nor do the present natives use stone im
plements.
TACOMA, May 30.— A remarkable dis
covery has been made on the shores ot
Prince William Sound. While a prospector
named Leeds was out' with a party of
natives looking for mineral \ he came to
the entrance of a large cave, almost" con-*
cealed from view. Leeds entered* the
cavern and was astonished to find there
fourteen wooden canoes, each containing
a mummified corpse. Stone implements
were found beside the bodies and stone
slabs covered" the canoes, everything in
dicating that the bodies, had been placed
there during the stone age.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
tempted in this State. Every one Is on
i \he Qui vive for the dawn of the day
| which will usher in the gentle rule of
King Marshall and _Qucen Helen, and a
gala occasion is in anticipation by the
children ar.d their elders. Excursion rataS
have been gTanted over the California
Northwestern Railroad, and large crowds
are expected from the outside. The tick
ets will be good to return until Monday,
thus giving the visitors the b.nefit of a
couple of aays' rest and recreation.
The royal float upon which the king and
queen will ride to the coronation will be
a magnificent creation from a decorative
standpoint. It will be drawn by a num
ber ot pages clad in pure white, and after
the coronation will take part in the iioral
parade of the day. These pages are Com
fort Haven, Jack Sibbald, Howard Brush,
Ralph Spencer, Jack Bettincourt and Fred
Stewart.
The affair is under the auspices of the
Woman's Improvement Club, which has
worked faithrully in preparing an elab
orate scheme of entertainment. The cora
nation of the youthful monarchs will take
piace at 11 o'clock, and will be followed
immediately by the floral parade. Minia
ture vehicles handsomely decorated, gayly
caparisoned ponies and bicycles and tri
cycles supporting unique devices will be
in line. More than fifty entries have
been recorded in the bicycle class, and it
will prove difficult for the judges to make
a selection in the awarding of prizes. A
mudber of floats have been arranged by
the juveniles.
After the floral parade the royal couple,
si/.rrounded by their court and pages, will
view many pretty dances and drills ar
r&nged for their entertainment. In the
evening a ball will be given in the large
pavilion in the park. The grand march
•will be led by the midget king and queen.
The pavilion and park have been elabor
r ateiy decorated.
juvenile entertainment ever before at-
SANTA ROSA, May 20.— The juvenile
floral carnival, which will be held in this
city to-morrow, bids fair to eclipse any
Eaeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Carnival Visitors Will See
Magnificent Display
of Flowers.
Cavern Contains Fourteen
Canoes, Each Holding a
Mummified Corpse.
Rose City Surrenders to
Juvenile Sovereigns
To-Day.
Prospector's Strange Dis
covery on Prince Wil
"¦<¦) * liam Sound. ;%,'
FINDS SEPULCHER
OF ANCIENT RACE
CROWNS AWAIT
MIDGET RULERS
THOUSANDS FIND ENJOYMENT ON EXCURSIONS ACROSS THE BAY
BRITISH CHEER
THEIR MONARCH
KAISER GIVES
COOL GREETING
Birthday of King Edward
Celebrated in Eng
, land. fe :
German Rules Talks to
American Naval At
tache Potts.
Irish Guards ' Are Honored
at "-TroopiDg of the
S? Oolora"
of the Berlin
; Garrisons.
Shah of Persia Witnesses
BERLIN, May 3D.— Lieutenant Com
mander Templln M. Potts, U. S. N., who
Is to succeed Commander William H-
Beehler as naval attache, of the United
States October 1 next, was presented to
Emperor William to-day in the courtyard
of the castle. Lieutenant . Commander.
Potts,- who was In uniform, was directed
to wait until his Majesty returned from,
the spring parade of the Berlin and Pots-,
dam garrisons on the Templehof field,
and tnen, after tne ceremony of "troop
ing the colors," Captain von Gramme
presented the lieutenant commander to
the Emepror, who was on horseback.'
With tne lieutenant commander stand
ing by. the side of his horse Emperor
\\ illlam and the naval officer conversed,
for about ten minutes, his Majesty ques
tioning the future naval attache with,
great rapidity as to where he was born,:
had he ever been In Germany before*'
where . he had served, etc., eliciting al
most a complete autobiography - of the
naval officer. . . -
The Emperor finally said he was glad
Lieutenant Commander Potts had coma
to Berlin, and thus closed an Informal
audience., . ...
At the annual spring parade of the gar
risons of the Berlin military district the
Shah of Persia was present In an - open
carriage drawn by four horses, and the •
Crown Prince of Slam attended on horse- ¦
back. Emperor William led the Second
Regiment of the Guards past the Shah.
who acknowledged the compliment by
standing up In his carriage. . . . .
The parade was Unusually Interesting
this year. Thirty thousand troops; twice
the usual number, took part in It for tha
edification of the Shah, who divided with
Emperor William the attentions at th»
crowd. The Templehof field was bright
with the red, blue, yellow and white of
the different regiments and looked like a:
vast tulip bed. amid which sparkled
countless points of light from bayonets,
lancebeads, helmets and cuirasses. - -
Services in the Rose City.
SANTA ROSA. May 30.— Memorial day
services In this city were largely attended
to-day. Many veterans turned out- with
Ellsworth Post, Grand Army of. the Re
public, and marched to the cemetery. Ac
companying the veterans were the- ladle*
of Ellsworth Circle and the Relief- Corps
and a large number of school children.
The latter carried bouquets of flowers and
miniature flags and assisted in decorating:
the graves of veterans at Rural Ceme
tery. The members of the post marched
from their hall to the Athenaeum, whera
the literary programme, was rendered. At
the Athenaeum Post Commander -G. R.
Camp presided and made a short address.
Miss Lottie Murdock rendered "The Star-
Spangled Banner," and Hon. T. B. Hutch
infcon of Napa, the orator, of the day, whs
introduced. Mr. Hutchlnson delivered *»n
eloquent address, referring feelingly o.
the departed comrades and to the rapidly
thinning ranks of those who still trod
life's brief span. After the exercises ihe
line of march was again formed, and un
der the leadership of Major Louis W.
Juilliard, grand marshal,- the procession
wended its way to the cemetery. »j - *
.LONDON, May 30.— The birthday of
King Edward, - who was born November
V1841, was officially celebrated to-day, tt
having been decided, as announced in the
official gazette April 15, that his Majesty's
natal day was to be celebrated in London
and on the home stations May 30, as be
ing the most suitable. to make a military
display. On the other hand, foreign sta
tions will celebrate it November 9, the
actual anniversary of his birth.
General interest in the celebration was
apparently not seriously diminished by
the expectations of the greater series of
events surrounding the coronation. The
towns throughout ihe kingdom were gay
ly. decorated and the shipping at the vari
ous ports made the gayest displays of
bunting. The day was observed at all
the home. military : and naval headquar
ters with parades and salutes.
The chlet celebration was the ceremony
of "trooping the colors" at the Horse
Guards here and the presentation of col
ors to the new Irish Guards. Stands cov
ered with crimson cloth were erected on
three sides of the parade grounds and
were occupied by thousands of privileged
spectators, including the United States
Ambassador, Joseph H. Choate, and Mrs.
Choate, and the . secretary of the United
States embassy, Henry White. Thou
sands of other persons were grouped
dosely around the lines of sentries. The
troops taking part in the ceremonies were
battalions of the Irish Guards, Grenadier
Guards, Scots Guards and detachments of
the Life Guards..
Tremendous cheering greeted the ap
pearance of the King and his brilliant
£f. co^' , whIch Included many notabilities.
His Majesty, who rode between the Prince
of Wales and the Duke of Connaught
wore the uniform of a colonel of the Irish
Guards. Lord Roberts, the commander
in chief of the forces, who led the proces
sion, also wore the uniform of colonel of
the Irish Guards. Queen Alexandra and
other members of the royal family viewed
the scene from the windows of the Horse
Guards. The 'crowds present bared their
heads while his Majesty proceeded to the
saluting point. -
After an inspection of the line of troops
and the presentation of the colors the
ceremonies ended with a review of all
the troops on the ground. ( The King dur
ing the afternoon presented colors to the
King b Company of the Grenadier Guards.
Ihe weather was wet and raw.
King Edward Invested the Duke "of
?K° U f h . an . d tne Duke ot Bedford
with the insignia of the Order of the
Garter at Buckingham Palace this after
noon. The ceremony was more Imposing
than any similar event which > had oc
curred for years, it being the King's In
te l ?} Z n . to revlvc a11 the old-time pomp
which formerly distinguished the ceremo
nies connected with this order. A notable
company of Knights of the Garter, in
cluding the Prince of Wales, the Duke of
Ccnnaught, the Marquis of Salisbury the
".^"i? i, of Londonaerry and ,the Duke
of Norfolk, attended. ,'
There is no truth In the report pub
lished in the United States that the Chan
cellor of the Exchequer. Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, will resign after the coro
nation, owing to the persistence of the
Colonial Secretary, Joseph Chamberlain,
in retention of the grain tax as prelim
inary to;, his zollverein scheme.
Woodland's Services Impressive.
WOODLAND. May SO.— The Decoration
day ceremonies here were very impressive
and largely attended. Rev. C. E. "Winning
delivered an eloquent address.
B B. Chapman, G. A. Hansen. R. C. Barretto.
M. Fuetscher. Miss May Falconer. Mrs. C.
Buckley, Mrs. L. Severance, Mrs. Clark, Mrs.
H. GIngles.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR PICNIC.
Two Towns Hold Union S«rvice3.
MONTEREY, May 30.— Memorial day
was observed here by the Grand Army
posts of this place and" Pacific Grove
Jointly. The graves of soldiers on the mil
itary, reservation were decorated and ex
ercises suitable to the day were held. A
large number of Veterans took part In tha
ceremonies.
third. C * Wldemann second, airs. N. iog*l«
tn^ h^n Offlce^ S h £ had char se of the out,-
L.&. fi re: B ' ?• Geor se, chairman of the
?ffJ e T ar £\ R - A - A - Summers, treasurer:
«vS ™ a °\°™ on ' chairman of the execu
tive committee; James A. Johnson, chair
tTJ?« ? - th « sames committee; W. J.
t£? S J$% r* chairman of the prize commit
p« s S a commUtee! OlCOmb ' Chalnnan Ot **
EXCTJRSION" TO GLEN" ELLEIT.
Large Gathering of Members and
Friends at Camp Taylor.
The picnic of the Knights of Honor at
Camp Taylor yesterday was attended by
about 1400 people. The day was perfect,
the country at Us best- and the outing
an enjoyable one. The excursionists dis
tributed themselves under' the , trees to
partake of lunch before going to the pa
vilion, which wasgayly decorated with
the colors of the order. ' trlcolored stars
and American shields, each bearing the
name of one of the local lodges, to enjoy
the dancing. After the distribution of the
eate prizes came the games • and races.
The winners of the athletic events were:
Boys' race — Paul Noble first, MUton Bernard
second. Charles Legunec third.
Girls' race — Lottie Marshall first, Florence
Bland second. Julie Knox third: , •• ¦ '
Professional race— Fred Clayton first. Ned
Hogan second. Abe Label third. :
Young ladies' race— Loretta Archibald first.
Alma warmnol* second. Una Knox third.
Young men's race— W. E. Trefts first, "W.
Sullivan second, James O'Brien third. '
Knights of Honor race — J. Stewart first,
Mark Roth second. L*. Jennings third.
Race for members' wives! — Mrs. Pearl Wilt
first. Mrs. A. Loggie second, Mrs. N. Tremple
Marked shoe race— Thomas Greeley first, P.
Pelts second, R. Nobl6 third.
Fat men's race — W. J. Langstaff first. J. C.
Garbarino second, T. Rodgrers third.
Three-leggtid- race — H. -Bwden *nd George
Blgley first, Abe Label and Louis Conn second.
Fat ladles' race — Mrs. Pearl Wilt first, Mrs.
N Tremple second. Mrs. Sadie Smith third. .
Standing Jump — E. I* Wolfe first, James
Johnson second.
Broad Jumte-Robert Emmett first, R. Mc-
Donald secondT
; Married ladies' race — Mrs. ,W. Tlernan first.
Parishioners of Holy Cross Church
Spend an Enjoyable Day.
More than 2500 people journeyed to Glen
Ellen yesterday to participate in the fif
teenth annual parish picnic of Holy Crosa
Church. The outings of the parishioners
have always been highly successful, but
this year's affair eclipsed them all, both in
point of attendance and in the enjoyment
afforded the pleasure seekers. It required
two trains of fourteen cars each to carry
the crowds. Rev. Father McGlnty, paato*
o* the church, was ubiquitous In his at
tentions to the comfort of his flock, and
not a single unpleasant feature marred
the success of the outing. Lunch baskets
were largely in evidence- and dancing and
games contributed to the pleasure of the
day. The following committees n\4 the
affair in charge:
- General — A. Pettee (chairman), James Snltt*
van. A. Mohun, Blrt Hunt, W. EnrUht, F. Mc-
Hugh, Charles Catassa. F. Kennedy, • Arthur
McGinty. Thomas Curran. James Donely,
Thomas Snead, I*. Carroll, M. Carroll, P. Spot
tlswood. Rev. Fathers McGlnty, Sampson ami
Ryan. ¦-¦•
Prize and Game — Frank Kennedy, A. Mohun.
Thomas Curran, Thomas Snead. ...
Floor— Manager, Jamca Denely: first, assist
ant, Blrt Hunt; assistants — Frank Kennedy,
Alex Pettee, A. Mohun; James LaytJon, W. En
rlght. Thomas Snead.
THE SAN FEANCISGO v CALLi, SATURDAY, MAY 31, 1902.
Annual Games of" Caledonian CDlub at' Shell Mound
Park^ a Success dn Every Respect / i
GATHERING OF THE CLANS
FOR A DAY OF PLEASURE
7
Poor Little Sick Stomach
. /^^^^^^< It's over-loaded; that's what's the
" fft^K Z^ 00^?^ matter, and if this boy don't get a -
ui V"* \frj Casc^ret heir be a sick boy all
J^X over. Too much of a good thing!
/ '""~ Nv *^iilk Th at's what we are all liable to
Yrrf^&&'/} ! take. Grown up, sensible people
jm\\\\!^^^/ J w^* sometimes do it and make
'/^ll^^f # themselves sick. "In time of peace
f^|^ r;^r^^^ -^ prepare for war," and' have about
L . \ f^p^T/^^^^>yi the house • a pleasant, perfect,
' CP™ ' ¦'"Xyj J^jffij t 'ii l — — ~ - : \^^^ palatable, positive medicine, for
\h „--•<) sour stomach, sick headache,
j i^^ colic, winds, belching, biliousness,
furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad breath, bad taste, all liable
tp^ result from over-indulgence in the good things of life". Cascarefs
Candy Cathartic are what- you want. Eat and drink what and as
much as you please.^ A'tablet after a big meal will prevent sick-
ness, or a. tablet: at" night? before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right/ for, morning, and let you get up dear as a bell,
ready for business or pleasure. .-. ( .
'^iSnV»V*T» A%"rv Best for the Bowels. All druggists, 10c, 93c, 50c* Never' sold m balk.
&%&C$4w < U&y»wUlJ Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. ~
W^ ?air^ Sample and booklet free. Address
***fflJUB2!SS^^^ ¦ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. - 8tt*
Here is_ 5t v Co o d
Jbi- a //We Atonejf
we are offering this trunk for a short
time — regular $9.50 value— for
$70O
Has all heavy brass trimmings, 2 ex-
*ra trays and heavy leather straps.
ALLIGATOR BAGS
In genuine Alligator Leath- OQ.59
er. at prices ranging from «?<£.-••.•
OBDZES BT MAIL PE0MPTLT TILLED.,
Furniture on Credt-if you wleh.
128 Ellis St., above Powell,.
San Franc*sco.mnston of them would be beneficial to our
lelves as well as to our customers. If • the con
stitution of this State could be -so amended
is to also settle this question it >, would be, of
;ourse, arriving at the root of the trouble and
:urln^ it, ; . - .
PAPER MONEY FAVORED.
President Elliott called attention to the
recommendation made two. years ago that
banks accustom their depositors to the
use of paper money. He said it would be
beneficial in many ways. < . :
Frank Miller, chairman of the Executive
Council, rendered a long report touching
upon questions of Interest to bankers. >
Secretary R. M. Welch reported a gain
of twelve institutions by the association
this year, bringing the membership up to
207, and leaving but 107- financial concerns
ln the State outside the association. ;
G. W. Kline, the treasurer, reported
$2619 86 'to the association's credit. I
A paper was read by S. L.' Fletcher of j
Watsonville on the correction . of abuses
in the banking system;. ¦ •
A communication from the Bankers*
Money Order Association was received, '
asking the convention to adopt the views
of the association. .. *
County and municipal bonds were dis
cussed ¦ In a paper from Professor Plehn
of the University of California.
i P. G. Eastwick Jr. of San Francisco ad
dressed the . meeting on behalf of the
American Bank Clerks' . Association and
asked the delegates , to encourage their,
clerks to join the association.;^
The Fcwlerblll relating to asset cur
rency and branch banking brought on an
extended discussion, xvesolutlons . oppos
ing the measure were '. finally adopted.
The secretary was instructed to notify the
California Congressional delegation of the
convention's action: .¦ , .
Bank Commissioner. B. ¦ D. . MuTphy ad-"
dressed the meeting, speaking of the pros
perous condition of California- banks. ; .
To-morrow the bankers will enjoy a ride
through the valley. ? :¦¦:•; .
WANTS .THE WARSHIPS
BTJU/P IN" NAVY YARDS
Brotherhood of locomotive Engineers
Makes an Appeal to ; President
Roosevelt.
NORFOLK. Va., May, 30.— The Brother
hood'of Locomotive Engineers at to-day's
session adopted unanimously a resolution
addressed to ¦ President : Roosevelt, „¦; the
Senate and ¦¦ House of Representatives,' de
claring j the , body to be-in favor , of ; the
construction : of r war vessels * in } Govern
ment navy yards and 'petitioning that a
clause be inserted in ; the naval '¦ appro
priation bill now. pending, : providing , that
three of 'the ... contemplated/, warships .be
built. in Government yards.' 1 .;• ,, ¦„ . ". :
•Los' Angeles, Cal., .-was : as? the
next place for the brotherhood's i conven
tion by a vote of 284 against 264 for Cleve
land and ; 90 for/ New - Haven, ;¦ 274 .¦; being
necessary for. a choice.', E." A. Stevens : of
Los -Angeles was *. elected ¦ third •: assistant
grand I engineer.- -, George .'R. 1 ;Doherty : was
re-elected" grand': captain.' ; -
Mrs: John' C. Adanis on Wednesday. The
tpble was' elaborately; decorated ,with
sweet' peas. 'A canopy of^" ferns overhead
held electric lights shaded with 'pink, and
two hearts of "pink" flowers I were also • sus
pended. Among the guests were:"- Miss
May Perkins, Mrs. Franklin Poor, Mrs.
A. H. .Voorhies, Mrs. A. W. Havens, Miss
Cutter, of Milwaukee, Mrs., E. Burke Hol
laday, Mrs. John P. Youngr, Miss Marie
Voorhies and Mrs. O.'r Pierce.
Mrs.. Austin Sperry entertained. the Sut
sanB. Anthony Club' at her residence on
Pacific avenue. Thursday afternoon. ¦•• Mrs.
FJorence Kelly gave an address in behalf
of the Consumers' League, a. branch of.
which has been organized in- this '* city:
Refreshments were served and the ladies
rpent a- -delightful, afternoon. . 'Among
those present • were: • Mrs. J. B. Ryder,
Mrs. C. E. Putnam, Mrs.^ Andros, Mrs.
Royce. Mrs. M. W. Andrews, Miss
Thompson, Mrs. Hamlln Neall, Mrs. Sar
gent: Miss Richards, Mrs. Stephens, Mrs.
A. H. Lissak. Mrs. J. F. Swift, , Mme.
Neergaard, Mrs. Blankenberg, Mrs.
Pierce, Mrs, Williamson and Mrs. Hale.
Mr. and Mrs. Willard Drown (nee Pres
ton) have gone, to the Prestons' summer
home near Redwood City. \
Mr. and Mrs. Worthlngton 'Ames and
the Chenerys are at San Mateo. ; -
* * • *\
Mr. and Mrs. William H.; Demlng have
returned from their trip East and are at
the Palace Hotel.
- Mrs! H. A. : Herman is at San Luis
Obispo. ' -, . " ¦
Miss Tiny O'Connor has gone to Puget
Sound with several friends. ' .:. ¦
. CHARMING YOUNG WOMAN; WHO ' ¦}
• ,WipK BECOME THE BRIDE OF
. , DR.- MYERS' E." PRESTON. -
-¦v.?.'- ..¦'¦*¦¦>•:: ,;;v fe ,;; ; .'i- >: ;'.-;- ¦ '. "•
¦¦ It seems to me that if some bona fide case
involving the question at issue could be brought
up before our Supreme Court which would de
termine which ¦ are and which are not quasi
public corporations under the law, it would
be of great advantage to us. I believe that,
this being determined, the bonds offered to us
are a class of security which has come to stay
and the handling of which can not only be
made safe and profitable, but which will pro
vide us with a source to draw upon- without
calling . in our loans at - a time when an ex-
SAN JOSE^ May 30.— Men" of finance
from every section, ot: California! met to
day in the ninth annual convention of the
California Bankers' 'Association in the
hall of Hotel Vendome. - State banking
laws and • affairs .affecting the. citizens
were reported upon, as .were the. business
prospects of . nearly, every bounty j in .the
State. While the gathering was not large,
the delegates represented millions of dol
lars invested in banking institutions. At
the close of the convention the following
officers for the ensuing year were elected:
President— J. K. Lynch of San Francis
co
Vice President— Frank Miller of Sacra
mento. . - _ _
Secretary— R. M. Welch of .San Fran
° Treasurer— G. W. Kline of San Fran
ci^co - { - " • " -
Executive Council— W. A. Hale, J. M.
Elliott, L. P. Behrens.
KEPOBTS FROM OOTTNTIES.
Between 80 and 100 members were pres
ent when President J. M. Elliott of the
First National Bank of Los Angeles called
the assemblage to order. After roll call,
reports from representatives of the dif
ferent counties were. made. ;"."
Alameda County was. reported to be ln
a prosperous way, with excellent pros
pects and a good crop outlook. Similar
reports were made of Fresno and Contra
Costa counties. Nevada County was spok
i en of as turning put unstamped twenties
and it was announced that an added gold
output might be expected this year." Sac
ramento County banks are in a flourishing
condition and there are prospects of an
excellent crop in that county.
A good report was received from San
Francisco and San Joaquin counties, and
San Luis Obispo County was declared to
i be thriving because of the completion of
the coast road. •,.. . ¦ •
I Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Tulare, Cal
averas and Solano counties . are •• doing
well. Ventura's representative reported
that 7000 acres, had been added to the beet
sugar acreage^ this year. v •• j
M. O. Wyatt of Yolo County said his
section had not received full credit for
Its fruit, as much was shipped under other
labels, but the growers were going to stop
this by erecting a packing house.
J. D. Radford said Santa Clara County's
coming prune crop was, estimated at 80,
000,000 pounds or 4000 carloads and other
fruit crops would be enormous.
TRIBUTE TO SOLDIER DEAD.
L. P. Behrens. of Redwood . City read a
paper advocating the holding of bankers*
conventions on other than Memorial day.
He said bankers set a bad example while
others were paying their respects to the
honored dead of the country.
! J. D. Radford of San Jose . offered the
following resolution, which was adopted*
j Whereas. The 30th day of May is observed
I from Maine to California as a national^me
| mortal to the men who offered up their lives
in our great struggle, for the preservation of
our Union between 1861 and 1865 and is made
still more sacred by the memory of those
gallant heroes who gave their 'life blood in
defense of. our national honor in the late Span
ish-American war; therefore, . be . it ¦'-',. 5,'
I Resolved. That with malice toward none and
charity for all and with grateful acknowledg-,
I ment to Almighty God that.in'his' J providente i
I the lines 'between the North and ¦ South , are
! obliterated, our national, honor preserved and
the heroism of thebhie and' the eray.'" as well
as that of their descendants, the volunteers,
has become the common heri ta.se of , every
American citisen. we desire to place, on record
our unspeakable gratitude- to the men who gave
their lives as a free offering to preserve our
common union and sustain the- glory of our
flag at" home and abroad and hereby pay our
solemn and sacred tribute to their memory. ¦
Frank Miller of Sacramento urged upon
j the convention the necessity of encdurag
1 ing the maintenance of the National
Guard of the State, upon which the bank
ers must depend In times of riot and mob
rule, when regulars were not available.
| ELLIOTT'S RECOMMENDATIONS.
President Elliott delivered his annual
address. After congratulating the mem
bers on the prosperity of the past year,
he said many had been Impressed with the
necessity of investing funds in something
In addition to ordinary loans. Said he:
We have been offered from time to time
bonds issued by various railway, street rail
way, electric lighting, water, gas, irrigation
and similar companies and the question as to
whether this or that j corporation issuing said
bonds was a quasi public corporation, and
therefore was called upon to pay Its own taxes,
without any reference to the mortgage placet
upon it to secure said bonds has been of in
tense interest to us. In the case of railway
and street railway obligations there can be no
doubt, as the constitution specifically names
these corporations, but in regard to the others
there appears to be considerable doubt, some
1 attorneys being afraid to give an opinion that
' j will ' justify us ln taklnsr a bond unless some
extraneous provision, such' as an additional
coupon, is made for the payment of taxes on '
the bond in case the corporation may be de-
I termlned to be merely a private one, such
j agreement often being more dangerous as a
j remedy than the trouble itself.
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
. PORTLAND, Or., u May . 30.— Sylvester
Pennoyer, - Governor of Oregon from " 1888
to 1894, died suddenly this afternoon at his
home .in ; this 'city; of heart trouble. He
had" been in poorjhealth for. the 1 past year,
though he was able to be on* the street and
spent s a , great of. his time on his
farm r a' few; miles from this city. About
5 \ o'clock^ this afternoon Mrs. 1 ; Pennoyer,
who had been down town, returned home,
and," going to; the library, saw. the "ex-
Governor, lying, on the floor, with a pillow
under his head. She asked tiim if he want
ed} his .''evening, paper, and, .. receiving " no
reply, took hold. of his hand. She tried
to.arouse him, but in; an instant dis
covered'that the ex-Governor, was dead.
" Sylvester Pennoyer was born- in Tomp-«
kins County, New York, July 6, 1831, and
was in his seventy-first year. - He gradu
ated from Harvard University in 1S54 and
the next year came to Oregon by way of
the Isthmus of Panama! He taught school
for, some time and about the > year 1862
engaged' in the lumber business, in which
he continued until his death.
-While he ; was somewhat prominent in
the State as 'a- political writer, he never;
figured In actual politics until his nom
ination for Governor in, 1886 by the Demo
crats. The nomination was brought about
chiefly by his bold stand. against Chinese
immigration. He was elected by 4000 ma
jority, although the remainder of the Re
publican ticket received nearly 10,000 ma
jority. He was re-elected in 1890 -.by : an
increased majority. In 1896 he was elected
Mayor. of this city.
, - Pennoyer was brought prominently be
fore the country in 1891,. oh account of his
refusal to meet President Harrison at the
State line when the latter was on a- visit
to the Pacific Coast. He was again much
talked about in 1893, when he told Presi
dent Cleveland to attend to his own busi
ness. The telegraphic correspondence be
tween Secretary of State .Walter Q.'
Greaham .and the Governor, which
brought j forth the latter's curt reply, was
as follows •¦¦
"WASHINGTON'. D.7 C.; May 3. 1893—Gov
ernor % Sylvester Pennoyer, Salem, Or. : Ap
parently reliable reports indicate danger of
vjnlerco -to- Chinese when the exclusion act
.takes effect and the President earnestly hope3
you., will employ ' all lawful means ¦ for their
protection in Oregon. \V. Q. GRESHAM.
•The Governor's reply was as follows: -
' SALEM, Or., May 3. 1893.— W. Q. Gresham,"
Washington : ,1 will attend to my business.
Let the ' President attend to his. I
?¦¦'.. STLVESTER PENNOl'ER. : Governor.
"J: Survive r an Awf ul v FalL*
";"; RJCDDING; May • 30. — Morris cNourse.'a
mineT, ' 60 years of age,^ f ell"a distance of
fifty feet from a flume' to-day, and lives.
Rock Island . Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every,. Wednesday and
Sunday. ; vla Rio Grande ana RockV Island Rall-
T/ays, and'vla Los Angelas and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday.' via Southern Pacific and
Hock' i Island ¦ Railways, for Omaha, . Kansas
City,. Chicago and all polnts;East. For further
information 'address : Clinton ¦ Jones,' • General
Agent!Rock Island -Railway. 624. Marketsf • '
• . Thurston Guilty of Manslaughter.
j SUISUN,' May 3.— The jury in the case
of Julius ; Thurston, the marine, charged
with the murder of Viola Rogers in Va
llejo in April, found him guilty of man
slaughter and recommended ' him to the
mercy." of the court.. Thurston swore
that the woman had attacked him with
a. razor and he struck her with a club
to .save himself. - . .
The accident occurred near the Tower
House station, in the .western part of the
county. The aged miner made . a mis
step and was precipitated to the rocky
ground. He was unconscious when found
several • hours later. Physicians say he
will recover.
Collide. in a Snowshed.
TRUCKEE, . May 30.— Freight train No.
j20lVand.a^work -train met In a head-end
¦collisiomin-the snowshed at Crystal Lake
at*8/b'clock:.thls morning. No one was
Jnjured.^ v ; " lv '., N . ;\" ;; - "Z
Eurnituro -Pool" Probably Prevented i
rGRANDRAPIDS, ; Mlfch.. May 30.— At a
meeting';-' qf. fthe. 1 . Grand -Rapids ' Furniture
Manufacturers*. Association held here It
Secretary Hay's Daughter Hurt.
NEW YORK. May 30.— Miss Alice Hay,
daughter of Secretary Hay, was thrown
from, her carriage to-day, owing to the
horses being- frightened by a passing car.
and suffered Injuries that were painful
hilt not serious
' . •.',•.-•. " " "' ¦ »
Aeronaut Falls to Death.
KINGSTON. N. Y.,- May 30,— Henry
Hicks, an aeronaut, was killed at. Kings
ton Point, a summer resort, to-day by a
fall from a parachute. He struck head
first on a sand bar ln the river.
Is Elected President for
Ensuing . Term&;p: :
J. K- Lynch of San Francisco
Cleveland.
Will Live in History, as Man
Who Scolded President
California Bankers' Asso
ciation Convention in
San Jose.
Eccentric Ex- Governor
¦ of Oregon Expires
Suddenly, v
MEN OF MONEY
EXCHANGE VIEWS
PENNOYER SINKS
INTO LAST SLEEP
Miss Alice Gardner, a Well-known Young
Society Belle, Will To-NigKt
the Helpmeet ofrDr.^ Myers Albert Preston
RECE PT ION TO FOLLOW
WEDDING IN CHURCH
THE '.SAy' v : : F^ >
8
-r.'rj' ANY a bride has walked up the
/AVAl church aisle to the ¦acco^lpant
//W \\ ment of th . e Lohengrin wedding
A V JA. march, but none more "charm
ing than Miss Alice Gardner,
who will become the wife of Dr. Myers
Albert Preston this evening: at Trinity
Episcopal Church.; More than 800 invita
tions have been issued and a crush of
friends will witness the ceremony. Dr.
Clampett will officiate. - A reception will
follow at the bride's home. The bride
elect is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. F.
Gardner, formerly of Sacramento, but
now leslding at' 603 Baker street, j- The
groom-elect is a son of former, Senator
E M. Preston of Nevada City . and a
prominent banker there. Dr. Preston is
connected with the Crocker-Woolworth
Bank In this city. .
Mrs. C. F. Gardner gave a dinner -In- a
downtown restaurant last evening for ; the
entire bridal party. The table was elab
orately decorated with American Beautj
rcses - ., *.*•_'..' '¦'-'¦'.
Miss Violet Whitney,' whose j engage
ment has recently been announced, was
guest of honor at a -luncheon given bj
.was practically decided not to enter the
proposed furniture pool. This action, it
is believed, wllL prevent the formation of
a pool.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦" ¦¦'• ' ¦¦• " '-- : " ¦ ' : ¦¦¦• ; - ->¦•-•¦¦••-¦••"• ¦ ¦ " ¦ ¦¦ - ¦ ~ : .^-- ,„. _ - _ m ,_ '
JO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY, j***' 0 *
Every person contracting to take The Call for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET OTf
"OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE"
' For S3.2O. ' ¦
Books will be' expressed to subscribers i upon receipt qt $3.20. Expxessags at subscriber's expense, i
Cannot be bought else-whcre for less than the regular subscription price of $15. SmS Ms 1
¦ AN INVAIiTJABLE ADDITION TO.EVEB.Y LIBEABY!
AN OBNAMENT TO ANY DBAWING- 1ROOMI ._ . ,;,
A SOURCE OP INSTBUCTION AND ENTERTATNlDEiNT for old aad young, yielding Qu &*-
lights of travel without its inconveniences. , : ¦ .¦¦ '.'kit- . . . \
THiE QALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. i
"Our Islands and Their People"!
AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. j
\* - : • INTRODUCED BY . J
MAJOR-GENERAL^OSEPH^^^W^ j
With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by > - |
JOSE DE O3LjI."V-A.R,ES^ !
. " . The Ndtcd Author and War Correspondent. * •' _ TJ . J
Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez,'/ "The Last .of The Anguilles," and other West Indian »
EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS [ OF THE I
PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII \
AND -THE PHILIPPINES-; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- •'': J
TIONS, HOMES OF THE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL. AP-
PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, \
RIVERS, VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS. SO COM- <;
PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- . <
ANDS AND c THEI E R,P p EOPLE TO THE J
.With a special consideration of the conditions. that prevailed before^ the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor, j
,';. Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with condition* zi
*/'. Edited and arranged by. <
Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and -Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu- \
J, ' < • . manity," ; Ete.,'iEtc.
; PHOTOGRAPHS BY i
WALTER B. TOWlMSEND, FRED.pW. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS.
COMPLETE IN TWO QUA.RTO VOLUMES. V
REGULAR. PRICE'$i5.oo; PER SET. SPECIAL^ f O .-.CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET.
t Superbly illustrated. with more than Twelve^Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps.
CTN. B.— 7611^ subscribers to Daily/Call are entitled to these books at premium rate. All mail 'orders
: :must'ibe : accompanied; by $3.20, and books willbe shipped "by express, the cost. of transportation to be paid by
' •subscriber* at destination. ;'. • . 1
• AMTTSEMEkTS. 1
MATKCEE TO-DAT. SATURDAY. MAT ' 31.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chll-
flren, ary part except reserved. 10c. : /
vaudevillTmagnaths. .
Peter F. Dailey and^Company; Stuart
Barnes; Two Little Pucks; Lotta
Gladstone, and the-Biograph. Last
times of the 8 Picchiani Sisters; .
Midgley and Carlisle; Little Elsie, v
and Dooley and Fowley.
\# U LU IVBJS_1 M LEADING THEATRE
jVjf-krfTj^ Ow-lng: to preparations for "Fran-
1>U 1 C clllon" there will be NO SUNDAY
PERFORMANCE. Seats purchased for Sunday
can be returned. t
MATINEE TO-DAY. * ,
' TO-NIGHT— LAST. TIME. ?< .."•.¦»" )
RATHRYN KIDDER ¦
In a Notable Revival of David Garrick's Comedy i
"THE COUNTRY GIRL." i
Management of George H. Brennan. f
Next "Week — Last Nights of . 1
KATHRYN KIDDER . ,
And her first appearance in Alexandra Dumas'
«'FRANCILLON." '
'.-¦I Adapted by L. DU PONT SYLE.
PRICES $1 50. ?1. 75c. 50c. 25c '
. June 9-rHenry Miller and Margaret Anglin.
LAST TIMES— TO-NIGHT.
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY. J
BABQAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
25c AND 50c
BY PUBLIC DEMAND. '
Mr. James Neill & Go. ;
• '•• •'. ''¦'¦. Presentine ¦';-'. ,
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE .
TO-MORROW EVENING. -;•.'• ]
The Romantic Comedy. . ; . (
THE REDKNIGHT <
.' '^.'. . By George H. Broadhurst. :
Produced Under the Personal Supervision of the '
Author. 1
¦ SEATS READY. <
"*> EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. ¦
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP!
ONLY THREE MORE TIMES
OI the Most Charming of Operas. I
; . . •-¦-the !
SINGING GIRL
FUN AND MUSIC GALORE.
MONDAY. June 2 — The Famous Favorite.
"THE TOY MAKER."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 00c and 75c \
Telephone — Bush 9.
MATINEES TO-DAY AXD TO-MORROW. ! \
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF j
"THE LITTLJUWNISTER." \
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT. «
Second Week of America's Magnetic Star. 1 '
MAUDE FEALY |j
In the Madison Square Theater Success, 1
"MY LADY DAINTY."
B>* Madeline Lucette Ryley. -
First Time of Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c. '
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, . 25c.
BELASSQ A«aTr:ALEf£ jfcgftifr
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHTS.
The Melodramatic Success, j
Hands Across
Pthe Sea.
P Evenings ....." 10c to 50c
3 Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Monday — The Sensational Melodrama,
SIDEWALKS OF NEW YORK.
Great Specialties — Appearance of Little
Reyna Belasco, the wonderful child dancer, etc.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Last Times — To-Night and To- Morrow.
Biixton Burglary 1
PROF. BOTH WELL BROWNE S , JUVENILE
RAGTIME ¦ -" . .
FLORODORA SEXTET.
Monday— "HIS WIFE'S FATHER."
EXTRA — Sale of Boxes and Seats for first
two week* of FLORENCE ROBERTS' engage-
ment opens next-, Tuesday. Opening- play
>"ZAZA." ¦ ' : ..-¦¦.¦.•
FisChe^S Theater.
3472 THE
PEOPLE HOUSE
PACKED YESTERDAY
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
THE VERY ACME OF PLAYS.
Filled with everything that makes the heart
arlad. that .drives dull care away and makes
the.j>oor rich.
Try one of our matinees to-day or to-morrow
i Sunday). All seats 25 cents. Night prices
25 and SO cents. Children at matinees, 10
cents. ™ V .. . <v
Watch out for our next volcano.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
TAKE THE CHILDREN TO-DAY.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
'EVENING.
DAVIS AND DE HEARDE: BACON AND
VANE: EYRNE AND WEST; MAUDE AND
GLADYS SORENSEN; JACK SYMONDS
and NEW MOVING PICTURES.
See the Grand Panorama from
the Mile Scenic Railway;
Admission 10c . Children. iv. 5c
Phone for Seats — Park 23. v
B/\SEJB/\li;LJ.-
CALDTORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
. THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, 3f:15 P. M. \
FRIDAY. 10:30 A." M., 2:30 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
' OAKLAND vsTTACRAMENrD.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison, sts.
Advance Sale of Seats, 5 Stockton ft.
SUTRO BATHS
Will Open Nights On' and After
Saturday; May 31* 1902.
; - r APV-ERTISrtM fr'.PlTS. ._ .
SWEET AS^ROSES ! j
¦ More Soothing Than Cold Cream; More Healing; Than {
Any Lotion, Liniment or Salve; More . ; .* «
Beautifying Than Any Cosmetic. ;;
Muny on 5 s i- «• !
r^i nr\^*' 1 T* j "fl Nature's Greatest >
/ \b^y^ W% Remedy for the Skin. |J
¦^ m§£? V V HwlLA . Makes the Skin Soft *
; '^gs-gggl) -•¦- ' :; -.TJT m-m >x | ¦ Softens the Roughest 1
/ f?C^?CTw^"*~ *) II M ofl m t b Hands. ?
\ ¦Ob^^/'-M'/"' ¦'^^^'^^^^ l^* "Will Improve Any Com- »
re v^v^^^^r/ ''^4 plexlon, No Matter t
' ji ' "^^ How Fair. t
•'^^^m^^^^ 1 C\ &3 Chapped Lips and ?
U-^^^VftJ^ Hands Cured in a Night. J
x^Mil^^^^^ ¦ Cures chafing anu all skin irritations. Cures pim- \
' V^^^S^^^w x Pies, blackheads and most facial blemishes. Cures •
Wllilalsir cuts', wounds and sores, and allays Inflammation. It \\
> mraiBP/ is tne Dest dandruff cure ever made; simply invalu- .
' I/M^ WM J able ln a11 scalp dlseases - Splendid for the hair;
' Vtf^^J^^^ '" stops falling out; gives vitality and vigor to the \\
[ ' roots. Gentlemen find It simply delightful for shaving.
il^^V^V BEST SOAP FGR BABY j
' %*mWL Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap i.=s a bless- «
' ' Jn ° In the nursery - othin S ls heard but *
1 praise from mothers. It cures all the skin ?
W " %^^*^L<ra^^^/ torments of babyhood. Is jus: the soap ?
I /^[|t for delicate, tender skins. Cures rash, *
\ ( R' . ¦¦ J8&^^^%fa$*gt^ teething, spots, chafing, hives and erup- *
' '—•fi'jffl' : w**-^^^. tions. Gives comfort, ease and peace to ?
> yff (f ™ fflM^TT?!^^ { he little ones; soothes and calms: pro- »
. - JjK /*»»WS5^v$?attMii2r duces sleep; its delicious fragrance ?
! Large size cakes 15 cents. Trial size. 5c. At all druggists. \
1 No one can expect" to have a clear skin who suffers from indigestion, t
Try Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure; it will' cure you. Tour complexion will be '
sallow if your liver is out of order. Try Munyon's Liver Cure; it will cor-
rect it. To have a face free from blotches and pimples the blood should be J
kept pure. Try Munyon's Blood Cure; it will purify it. No woman can ?
have a fine complexion and bright eyes who- is a victim of headaches. Try ?
Munycn's Headache Cure; It relieves in one to three minutes and tones up
the entire system. Munyon's remedies are for sale at all druggists, mostly
' 25 cents. If you have any disease of the head, nose, throat or lungs, try
Mnnvon's Inhaler. It will positively cure Catarrh, Colds. Grip. Bronchitis.
Influenza, Asthma. Two kinds— "hard rubber" and glass "Family." Price $1.00
each (including: all medicines). Write Munyon's doctors for freo medical ad-
vice.' 1505 Arch street, Philadelphia. f
ADVEB.TISE1CSNTS.
IT HAS A FLAVOR
OF ANTIQUITY,
f being made by James"
Crow before you were
born, by the Kentucky
small ' tub. Hand-made,
Sour Mash process/ and
is still made the same
way and guaranteed in
hflnaAtorrtt JuiTginT V^ A^ X^
Void crow/ rvDfWTT
\ UthdbnklbilkMHtt lie q C <T ' *J> A I S~ LI f
(f-SSBS?! ytti^L&i the only safe!
Mir.M.,^| one to use, if you regard
<£:> ~ your health. <
uoiu iiieaal, Paiis, 1900.
H. B. KIRK & CO., Sole Boitlers, N. Y.
CATTON, BELL & CO.,
SOLE DISTRIBUTORS.
San Francisco. Cal; •
¦ d\ \flC P Desirable location.
.1 Uliivv unsurpassed cuisine,
- u n e q u a 1 e d ser-
/)f1n vice and modern
i v^T ¦ conveniences are the
ft t attributes that have
llfsifin made these" two ho-
U 1 U II U tels ; popular with
ww . . - - .tourists and travel-
[i (fit PIC ers who visit r Sari
..f'"^P Francisco.
Uncle Satri's
MailService
requires physical and rnental
ability of a : high ' degree" to
¦ withstand its . hard labors. The
high tension to which -the
nervous system is constantly; 1
subjected,' has a depressing" ef-;:
feet, and soon i headache, back-
ache, neuralgia;! rheumatism, *
sciatica, etc., develop in • seyere -
form. - Such ; was the) case of ,:
Mail; Carrier - S . F. S weinhart, :
of Huntsville,' Ala., he says:: ,
' "An attaclc- of pneumonia left > me '
' with muscular, rheumatism, headache, •
I and pains j that | seemed to be "•; all over 1
¦me. , I was scarcely able to move for,;
>•; about a month when I decided to give !
• and Nerve Plasters a' trial. • In , three '
: t days I was again on my route and in <
f two weeks I was free from pain and ;
; *' gaining in flesh and strength." '¦"¦
Sold by; all Drucclsts;
: DrV Miles Medical Co.i'Elkhart/lnd.rFalling Ore Crushes Miners.
PHILADELPHIA. . :May 30.— The Uni
versity of Pennsylvania won the junior
•varsity boat race from Columbia and
Cornell on the SchuylkiU River in Fair
mount Park this afternoon. The cjrtirse
?as a mile and a half straightaway.
Pennsylvania's tlmo wafe 8:48.
ITHACA, N. Y., Muy SO.— Cornell easily
vron thp triangular eight-oared boat race
on Lake Cayuga to-day. Syracuse fin
ished second, over three lengths behind
the winner, and Harvard's Newell Club
eight was beaten by more than four boat
lengths. Cornell covered the two miles
in 10:lS.
College Rowing Eaces.
The vaults were surrounded with the
ordinary precautions, but the thieves evi
dently had inside information of the con
ditions. Ordinarily the County Treasurer
keeps very little, cash on hand, but at
certain periods \ considerable revenue
comes in after banking hours. This fact
must have been known to the robbers and
they expected to make a big hauL At
first it was thought that JSO.OuO deposited
in the county treasury was stolen. Later
balances have revealed the fact that only
i-o0U i in cash was secured, in addition to
ut l ad been taken from a saloon
which was broken Into about the same
time. Sheriff Landry of Jefferson County
was immediately notified and an armed
posse with bloodhounds are on the track
of the criminals.
BEAUMONT. Texas, May 30.— One of the
most daring robberies in the history of
Texas was committed last night when a
gang of men broke through the court
house and looted the treasury of Hardln
County at Kountze.
ScecUl Dispatch to The CalL
Armed Men Start on the
Trail of Money-Laden
Fugitives.
Treasury of County in
Texas Entered by
Bandits.
HOUNDS RACE
AFTER ROBBERS
*The management of the Columbia Th«
ater announces that there will be no per*
formance of "The Country Girl" Sunday
night by Kathryn Kidder. The perform
ance has been done away with In order to
allow of necessary preparations for the
production of "Francillon." Seats already
purchased for to-morrow night can be re
turned. . ;
No Performance Sunday.
Wynn was appointed recently as driver
of , the ¦ ambulance, and was injured the
day he reported for duty. He received
internal - Injuries and also sustained m.
fracture- of the skull. H© was treated at
the Central Emergency Hospital and
was subsequently removed to his home,
but medical skill could not save his life.
The deceased was born in this city, and
was 35 years of age. He was unmarried,
and a popular member' of Rlncon Parlor
No. 72, N. S. G. W. His death is
mourned by his mother and two broth
era — John E. Wynn, chief engineer of the
steamship State of California, and Wil
liam J. wynn, a member of the .Board'
of Supervisors. Arrangements for th«
funeral will be made to-day.
James "Wynn?- former driver of the
ambulance of the Park Emergency' Hos
pital, died 'yesterday afternoon-' at his
residence. 412 Larkin street, from the
result of Injuries received on May 16,
when ' he lost control of the ambulance
horses and was thrown from the vehicle.
From .-.Vehicle Was Brother of
' Well-Known' Supervisor.
Ambulance Driver Who Was Thrown
JAMES'WYKFS INJURIES
': i;JJr RESULT IH HIS DEATH
two apprentices, one on bread and one on
cakes.
The schedule is to go into effect on July.'"
1. It also provides that all applicants for
membership In local union No. 24 shall
pass an examination in at least two shops
In this city, and the foremen of these
shops shall report if such applicant is
able to do a journeyman's .work.
That no employer shall employ more than
The San Francisco Labor Council met
last night and indorsed the new schedule
of wages adopted by 'the Journeymen
Bakers and Confectioners. The principal
features of the schedule are as follows:
Minimum ¦ wages of foremen on bread and
cakes. $20 a week; second hands. $10; all other
bench hands, $15. . ' ¦
Tbat the schedule be without board and
room, the men to be allowed to eat wherever
they choose, but under no consideration shall
they be allowed to engage. or rent rooms with
their employer. .." ¦ V- -. ¦ • ¦ <¦
That the wages df. Jobbers shall be: .Fore
men, %\ tor ten hoard cr less, and 40' cents extra
for every hour over ten, but not to exceed thir
teen hours. For bench hands, $3 for ten hours
or less and 30 cents extra. for every hour over
ten. ¦ -¦ ¦
It Is Indorsed by Labor Council and
. Goes Into Effect '
July 1.
2TEW WAGE SCHEDITLE
DEMANDED BY BAKEB.3
ALAMEDA. May 3O.-^Albert "W. David
son, aged 14 years, was struck and In
stantly killed this morning at 8:15 o'clock
by the San Jose train near. Enclnal Park
station. His. skull was fractured by the
pilot of the locomotive. .
Young Davidson had left his home^it
1308 Ninth street with a lunch to carry to
his father, a shipwright employed at the
yards at Alameda ¦ Point, '¦ and where the
boy also worked as an apprentice. Whiia
waiting- -for the local train that would
carry him to - his destination the lad
stepped on the -north track to watch a
long-train loaded with picnickers- bound
for the Sons of St. George outing at
Gienwood Park pass by. He did not
notice the - San Jose train approaching
rapidly 'from the opposite direction and
upon the track on which he was standing.
The engineer saw the lad, sounded the
signal and applied the air brakes, but so
fast, was, the train, running. that It could
not be brought to a stop until after it
had killed - young Davidson and run on
a quarter- of a mile. -
Deputy Coroner James Fowler was no
tified of the fatality and moved the re
mains to the branch morgue, where an
Inquest will be held to-morrow evening.
The dead boy was the ¦ son of Thomas
W. Davidson. His mother died some
months ago. Since that time Albert had
-worked at the -shipyard and assisted his
father in maintaining a large family oc
younger children. .' ;• ¦" .
Stood on , Fatal Track to
• Watch Cars of Picnickers
Pass By.
A. W. Davidson Meets
•With Instant Death.
in Alameda.
TRAIN STRIKES
AND KILLS BOY
VETERANS OF TWO WARS UNITE IN PATRIOTIC SERVICES
AT GRAVES OF MEN WHO FOUGHT COUNTRY'S BATTLES
9
a OTTUMWA, Iowa. May. 30.— Ghouls early to
day - raided ¦ John O'Donnell's undertaking es
tablishment In this city. : .They were discovered
with the. corpse oC A. .J. .Raymond of Chart ton,
I6wa^ and were routed, " There were no arrests.
t WILLIAMS, Ariz. . C May 30.— Fire here
this . afternoon - destroyed ¦' the Santa Fe
Railroad's -oil storage building and round
house containing ¦ a^. locomotive and one
coach. Tne loss la J15.000, partly Insured.
Fire Destroys' Oil Warehouse. ¦
PHILADELPHIA, -May' 30.— The Rev.
Dr. ; Henry!C." Minton of California.' who
was moderator of the Presbyterian Gen
eral Assembly: held a year ago in Phila
delphia,' will preach next Sunday in the
First: Presbyterian Church "of this city,
and It is understood will be called to ac
cept , a . pastorate of v that church. . - It is
also , understood : that Dr. - Minton will ac
cept ;.the call. ¦j_V^_ : :
Cair'for.the Bev. IJr. 1 Minton.
: FRESNO,- May 30.— The men engaged. in
building the suburban line of the electric
road threw down their Implements at noon
to-day and came into the-city. They:have
struck for a ' nine-hour day. The ' local
representatives, of , t the' electric railroad
company refused to accede- to the demands
of the men and claim that they. can easily
fill their places. The men, :on the other
hand, say. that this cannot be done. .
Railway Builders Strike.
VALLEJO. May 30.— Charles i A. Fulton
died at Napa yesterday after ia long Ill
ness." Fulton had resided In VaDeJo twelve
or fourteen ¦ years and at times held re
sponsible , clerical positions in the '. navy
pay office < ln r San Francisco . and at trie
Mare Island Navy Yard. Fulton served
two terms -as Superintendent of. Schools
of the city of Vallejo.- The body .will be
cremated -in -San Francisco. -Avwlfe and
daushter survive. •*• { : - > i
Charles A. Fulton!
Closing Exercises at St. Ignatius.
i. St. » Ignatius? College will hold its forty
third commencement ' rxercises Monday
next, at thecollege hall on Van
Ness • avenue.' Extensive preparations
have been made both by the students and
the \ faculty for the entertainment. One
of the special events of the "evening; will
be the music, by the college orchestra.' .Al
fred J. Cleary. will deliver a lecture on
."Combustion*. ¦ while Francis J.r Barrett
will- discourse on "Flame.". -'¦
Whitman and "Columbia" by Mme.
Maretzek followed. ; ; s . • .
¦- W. H. Waste, the : orator of the occa
sion, spoke on '"Memories of Decoration
D&y," the programme being closed by the
singing of ."America? by the audience.
HAYWARDS, May . 30.— Memorial day
was observed to-day, by the dedication of
a soldiers" reserve In Lone v. Tree Ceme
tery. : The Veterans' League . marched to
the cemetery at -10 o'clock. Many hun
dred*, of--' citizens took part in the exer
cises. • A boys' ¦ chorus sang "America."
Miss Quinn- read Lincoln's ' address at
Gettysburg. "The Star-spangled Ban
ner" ' was V rendered by a chorus, after
which the Rev. 'G.'.W. Lyons spoke upon
.the lessons of.- the day.- A" male quartet
sang""Flag Without a Stain." After the
tenedictlon the graves were decorated.
'y~ 8. ; ' T>/ Waterman, ' v Superintendent i of •
Schools,' .'i then .v gave ». a recitation, ."Bury
,Me ' .With ; My Z Grand VArmy ? Badge,"*' and
Miss ;' Alice AVardell ; repeated • Lincoln's
Gettysburg .'address. -,: A : , musical f number,
.'( by i Miss i IsabsU Whitman and Misa . Agnes
•¦The.' Committee, in charge of '.the -tree
planting- was* composed of • H. H.' Wood
ruff,; Company A, Twenty-third Ohio Vol
unteers ; " T. • O.- Crawford ; and W.' - R.
Thomas," captain and assistant' adjutant
general. United . States Volunteers.
At "the: evening exercises,";- held in. the
First "Methodist Church.v F.- W.,Cushlug,
past commander of Admiral Porter Post,
G. A. • R.r presided. Many Civil'War_vet
erans of this city, Alameda and Berkeley
occupied ; seats of honor close to the ros
trum. A, musical and literary programme
preceded i the -address ' of - the - evening, ,
which was delivered by - the ; Rev. H. W.
Fraser, 'pastor of .the Brooklyn Presbyte
rian Church.' In part the Rev.jMr. Fraser
said:. • ' . '.¦,;"¦¦*, . . :."¦ | "
v It -Is a. sublime act : when ; seventy . mill ions
of people gather- as: they ¦;' did to-day : and by
common consent paid the tenderest of respects
to our. honored soldier dead. ¦'.. Decoration day
speaks a ' language : and • love i of - its ; own. .To
us lt>.ia'-&" repetition -in- mind of '.that "great
sacrifice that preserved this nation in. its unity.
There Is now but one. people, -one country: ancl
one i flag. I . It seems to i me w : that Qod • intended
that, our.* nation should 'continue as one -and
that the Civil: War was'the seal to Its unity.
During •; the trying" years ¦ from v i860 " to '1805
European powers predicted that* the life of our
republic was I drawing to a close and ' that the
bubble '- of * Its ' vigor would ) be , broken, v Our
Government to-day Is the most stable on the
earth I and those very .: nations that predicted
our downfall forty- two years • ago are the ones
that to-day are falling over themselves to form
an r alliance with us; -: -. ; •'¦¦>'. . ,; • ¦ . ¦ _v
t BERKELEY,; May 30.— Decoration"' day
in: the college town was. marked by a me
morial' service I held " In the ' evening « at
Shattvck Hall by Lookout Mountain Post,
Gr A;; R.v Singing by school- children and
" patriotic addresses by Civil War • veterans
were -features of the service. The'meet-
Iiig was largelyattended by, veterans and
oiher.* townspeople.'.- \ " ,c - • -.
';•".•' Af ter .the invocation>byiRev.' George B.
Hatch "and ' the ,• of 'welcome, by
Post ;~ Commander --Lamb a chorus of
school children > under the., direction of
Mrs. . Lr V.'; Sweesy rendered several I patri -
otlcairs. .This, was followed by a- recita
tion: "The Angels'- Rollcall,". by 'Mrs. Es
.telletH.: Greeny and a violin, solo ; by Miss
GenevraCooper.:,' ¦¦".- : :•.:; ': ' i; - ¦;
•' After benediction . by the Rev. W. '- M.
Martin, salutes" were fired and the. exer
cises .were closed with'"taps."
. Lin S.' Church, Judge F. B. Ogden, John
J. Allen and Dr. } George 'C. Pardee also
made short addresses. - •;-
We plant a tree to-day commemorative of
the lite and services of one of that Grand
Army, who. after peace 'came, I devoted his life
to the welfare of his . country — whose < efforts
contributed so much toward making It to-day
the greatest nation of earth,' the freest, ! grand
est '.land of ' liberty the world has "ever known
and who finally while speaking words of cheer,
words* of peace and goodwill to the.' people. 'of
other lands, fell, stricken by the hands of an
assassin,, dying -.with words that wlll r ever be
remembered by his countrymen: £ "It* Is God's
will, not ours. ; His will be done.'.' L ¦
'- J.^Rollln Fitch -spoke on behalf of the
Sons of Veterans. ' - ; . ~- :
brief account of the work done, to secure
the site for the memorial plat. .
; Supervisor John, Mitchell spoke of the
services of the old soldiers, and conclud
ed: . ¦ ¦ ¦¦• ¦¦¦ -¦¦ ;• - ¦ -, ¦ - . ¦ ¦•-.'¦
The celebration of. the Grand Army of
the Republic began with a' parade at 10:30
o'clock. G. A. R. veterans, representing
the several Alameda County posts,' as
sembled.at the gate3 of Mountain View
Cemetery, and, escorted by Camp Gen:
eral- Liscum, service men of the Spanish
war. marched through the ¦ tree-arched
avenues of the cemetery to the soldiers'
plat, where the services in honor -of de
.parted hqroes were held.- - .
-Captain H.'- H. Todd,. "past -'commander
flnMaBMMnMHnHiHH
NO GBAVE NEGLECTED. ;
Not a grave In any of Ihe cemeteries
where rests a soldier or a sailor -of the:
United States army or navy was
lected by the veterans. Over each >was
strewn with lavish hand beautiful How.
ers, and a flag of the nation was planted
on each mound. Firing squads and,
bnders save the military honors 'with
rifle calutes and ".apa." .
Veteran Reserves; N.' G.:
C, observed the day with the planting
of a memorial tree to the late Presi
dent William McKinley.at their plat -in
Mountain View Cemetery after exercises
had been held at the Catholic Cemetery
at graves of departed members, at the
Mexican Veterans' plat and at the grave
of the late Commander Nichols of the
gunboat Monadnock.
This evening the Grand Army veterans
attended services at the First Methodist
Church. Lookout Mountain Post No. 88
held exercises to-night at Berkeley.
The Veterans'* League of Haywards
dedicated a soldiers' plat in Lone Tree
Cemetery. - 4BPtHEpi*v4am>w<W*ttltHteii
Two separate celebrations took place at
Mountain View Cemetery. During the
morning Joe Hooker Post of Alameda,
Lookout Mountain Post of Berkeley, Ad
miral D. D. Porter Post, Appomattox
Post and Lyon Post, of the Grand Army
of the Republic, with Camp General juis
cum, service men ' of the Spanish war,
and Colonel # E. D. Baker Camp; No. '5,
Sons of Veterans, conducted ; the services
at the Grand Army plat in Mountain
View Cemetery. With them were hun
dreds of school children, who set : flags
and distributed flowers over the graves of
the dead who rest In the cannon-guarded
military reserve. The Rev. A.- T. .Need
ham, a veteran of the Civil War, deliv
ered the oration,- which was marked' by
an eloquent defense of the men who are
now fighting to bring peace and order in
the Philippines. ¦ - .
recognition of the holiday
was given by the cessation of business,
and the closing of all the municipal, coun
ty end Federal departments in the city.
Throughout Alameda County old sol
diers assembled to honor those who had
been summoned .to the last bivouac.
With song and speech and military trib
ute the lessons of patriotism were again
impressed upon the thousands who gatn~
ered at the cemeteries and in the aud
itoriums to give token of their^rever
ence for those who had fought for; the
nation at home and under foreign skies.
OAKLAND, May 30.—Gray
haired veterans of the Civil
War mingled with the
ypiinger soldiers of the Span
ish war to-day, in observ
ance of Memorial day. Civil
X During ' the ' afternoon . there was ¦ a spe
cial ' celebration - and : the planting - of -the
McKlnley; memorial* tree by Lieutenant
H..H. woodruff, a member of the assassi
nated* President's Ohio ; regiment -; during
the Civil (War. -Besides the active partic
ipantsi *, In \ this " tribute • there 'Were • eeveral
thousand; spectators.^who had assembled
about . the » plat. -¦ Former:. Mayor v W. , ,• R.
Thomas . acted as i president • of the - day:
The : Rev."; W. ' M.i Martin delivered ' the in
vocation." After music, Lieutenant Wood
ruff read a letter, from Mrs. 1 McKlnley: ex
pressive of her gratitude for the memorial
tb ; her; dead husband. : r The ; speaker • also
explained. that i; soil: had " been-. ; gathered
from .all. r .of the; battlefields -upon- which
the ; martyred President had fought." .This
was 'then ', deposited v; about-, the .tree," a
beautiful ; young seauola, ; by T.'O.* Craw
ford and>a delegation of pupils. of the Lin
ccjn School ,-¦ composed •. of -Miss Charlotte
Beach, v Miss Florence jKrause, 1 Miss*Fan
nie "> Macklnnon , .'• Mies ; France 3 Melquiond. 1
Miss • Ivah • Murphy, : Miss Marguerite > Og
den,' Miss Ida McDonald;, Miss Rita Tuck,
1 Miss » Florence ; Pardee .' and •¦ Miss ;.' Sylvia
Salinger. ",,Vt '» (^ >:•,-'¦¦";>•- '.-. ' " ••- ?;" :
"¦¦: State ; Senator G.'. Ru"ss_ Lukens gave' a
McKINLEY ;TREE PLANTED.
The crltlcismsof our Impracticable theorists
have done- much to protract . our-; Philippine
war, as men* of -their -stripe -did -to -prolong the
civil war. The most ' genuine altruism of to
day is not that of the man who; under, the
protection of a tolerant government, denounces
war and criticises his Government's war policy
In the presence of the. foe, ; hut rather thai of
the patriot soldier who ; imperils his life . that
the oppressed may be made free, and that his
Government may be secure and strong. There
Is far more benevolence in . the . man who im
perils his'. life .for country and principle than
in.hini whose only virtue Is to attempt the de
fense of ' the , unworthy by the wag of his
tongue.. „. " ¦ • ¦' ¦*¦• ¦ ' •' '. -. ' '¦'¦*.¦
l It may be too teoon to . pass Judgment upon
the actions of our military men in. the Philip
pines, but' It is contrary: to the history of the
American soldier that he should.be vindictive
and cruel. ¦>'./• . - „ „ ¦•'• v -ri
Perhaps It was Imprudent for General-Funs
ton to have expressed - himself in such a way
as to reflect upon the -Judgment and \ practice
of.' an American Senator, '. but- It would be • a
pity to see him* suffer for. speaking the truth.
Whatever Judgment : the -world: may ! pass upon
the -brave- little •; general <> the old soldier will
admire him still: -:",;:•;;¦.; : •- : ., .- ¦¦••,-
The Rev. " Mr.' Needham 1 s - address was
followed Iby the-: singing.: of -Keller's
"American. Hymn" and. "America',' by the
children of the Duraht School.' -
• The services.-wer^: concluded with -the
firing of Balut^sy overl the graves of Civil
War and -Mexican -/War veterans by mem
bers* o£ -Camp., General Llscutn, - Service
Merr?fif the. 1 Spanish .War,, under, the com
rnanaof/CaptairrFredilL,. Baker,;and the
¦ soundir.g'of -"taps", by .George ; N. Powers,
bugler of Camp General Liscum. , ."- ,
' 'After a street parade of? Company. A,
Veteran Reserves, ¦ N* C5. C, Captain
Cha rles '< ICing commanding. ¦*. trfe organiza
tion went to; Mountain View Cemetery
this morning, where services were held'at
the graves of Otto Schmidt, Colonel Fred
erick Oast and Commander E. H. Nichols;
At the grave-of. the last named;the band
played "The j Star-Spangled Banner ," and
County Superintendent of Schools : T. O.
Crawford- gave an address in', eulogy J of
the soldiera'and sailors of the wars, and
in particular of ,' the- worK Commander
Nichols had -done In the nation's service
at Manila. " -.' ! .
villages: came in the- wake of this storm'of
civil strife. , . .
There ' were ¦ more . battles fought In the four
i-eaiy of. our civil -war than In all the twenty
years' campaigning of Napoleon I. ,- There were
more fathers and tons, husbands and brothers
slain in battle during thai war than. In all the
wars of the ; English people from the '¦ days of
William ¦ the Conqueror to the days ; of t Queen
Victoria, and there were more, persons slain' In
a .single * battle of , the war for the Union I than
in all the wars on the_ American continent from
the days of .Christopher Columbus, to the days
of /Abraham; Lincoln. v What ¦ destruction- lof
,I!fe,"'.whati waste.; of; treasure, ..what {desolation
of •' fruitful : fields • and what " ru to - of '. cities ' sad
: DEFENDS THE SOLDIER:
The Rev.' A. .TV Needham, past depart
ment chaplain of the department of Cali
fornia and Nevada, was the orator of the.
day. He addressee himself to "The i War
of 1861: Its Heroes and Its Victories,"
speaking in part as follows: - ; > •.
The beautiful custom of v decorating ihe
graves of the soldiers was participated In
by the members of Camp E. D. Baker,'
Sens of Veterans, and the school children.
Young men, sons of veterans, planted
flags above the graves of their ', fathers,
while the children. of these veterans'. sons
strewed the grassgrown mounds with gar
landsof roses and carnations, lilies -and
sweet peas and all, the fragrant blossoms
of California gardens. After these tender
tributes ,the school children ' reassembled
and sang"'God Bless the Soldier." -.-*.-
Arrival at the plat was followed by a
dispersing of the veterans to points of
vantage on : the terraces overlooking the
spot- where the master of ceremonies had
hl& station. They joined thousands of
"others who "had come to hear and pay
tender tribute to the soldier dead. A great
throng of people '• was : present, eager to
catch "the words of the speakers and listen
to notes of song coming f romNschool chil
dren singers. ¦¦*;¦''
The unfurling of the American flag was
the signal for the services to begin.' As
the -Stars and "Stripes 'trembled out into
the breeze the ••- notes of "The Star-
Spangled Banner" bursting from a cornet
played by Miss Grace Crane roused the
patriotism of the multitude.
The boys and girls of the Durant
School, under the direction of Miss E.
Greenman, sang "The Old Flag Forever.'
Prayer was . offered by the Rev:--. '-Paul'
Stewart, pastor of the First United Pres
byterian; Church. This was followed by
the Introductory address by J. A. Colqu
houn,,past comander of Lyon Post, G. A^
R., and president of the day, who spoke
of "Memorial Day." ..< .-,... .
Lincoln's Gettysburg, address was, read
by- Captain W. R. Thomas of Appomattox
Post, G.' A. R., who •; made the words of
the martyred President ring again; with
.fervor and patriotism.
CHILDREN JOIN IN SONG.
Special Aids— S. G. S. Dunbar, principal
Durant School; Harry F. Huber, Camp Colonel
Li ecu m, S. M. of Spanish war; Frank H. Ship
ley, Colonel E. D. Baker Camp, Sons of
Veterans.. . / T
General Aids — S. R. ' Knight, Appoma^toz
Post, O. A. R.; 'Jacob "VVlnckler, . past com
mander Lyon Post, G. A. R.; Charles L. Metz
gcr, past commander Joe Hooker Poet, G. A.
>R. - . . . : _:.,
of Joe Hooker Post, G. A. R.,' as grand
marshal Of the parade, was assisted by
the following officers from the other vet
eran organizations: \
Adjutant General — Thomas J. Thompson,
Camp "Colonel LlBcum, S. M. of Spanish war.
Chief Aid— H. H. Kirby. Admiral Porter
Post. G. A- It.
SCENES AT GRAND ARMYrMEHORIAL EXJERCISES AND AT THE TREE! PLANTING BY VETERAN RESERVES,
¦ .- . " ¦' .¦-•<.'•: ) ' " -¦¦¦-¦ ' . . ¦ ¦¦ :••¦¦;• ¦ " ¦ ¦' ¦ . • ¦ .. -.'¦"•.. ¦ • • • • ¦ '• : '¦•'':'¦ ¦ .¦-¦.¦¦• • ¦ ¦ . . . ¦ ¦•¦- >¦..•¦"
THE SA^^ANCIS^
No Challenge From Upton. .
LOXDCJN. May 30.— Sir Thomas LIpton
cays that he has neither sent a new chal
lenge for the America's cup nor ordered
a new Shamrock.
Eitra bole«— Marcellus 5. Thompson 6.
NEW YORK, May S3.-The semi-final
round of the Metropolitan golf tourna
ment at Tuxedo to-day resulted In the de
feat of last year's winner. A new record,
72, for the course, was established. The
score follows: „..-»...
Chit. In. Total.
Travis .....34 38 72
Douglas 38 41 '79
Marcellus 41 43 S*
Thompson ..." 42 44 86
Golfer Travis Beats Douglas.
WASHINGTON, May 30.— Secretary
lloody has received a cable message from
Admiral Wilde at Cavite, saying that
Lieutenant O. H. Rask of the Marine
Corps died at Bacoor of cholera on the
2I'th inst. Lieutenant Ra.sk was a native
of Minnesota and entered the Marine
Corps in 1899. Admiral Wilde also reports
that Peter P. Gadlna, gunner's matt,
serving on the General Alva, was killed by
the bursting of a rifle on the 25th inst.
near Romblon Island.
lieutenant Dies of Cholera.
SALT LAKE. May 30.— A special to the
Herald from Mercur says: Ralph Mcln
crny and Anthony Boylan, miners, were
killed at the Golden Gate mine mill at 7
o'clock this morning. The men were en
gaged in cleaning the accumulated ore
from the sides of a narrow ore chute. In
stead of Etartlng at the top of the chute
they began at the bottom and had worked
up the sides of the chute about twentv
Xeet, when the ore became dislodged from
thf forty feet of the chute above and
rushed down upon them, causing suffo
cation.
AD VE3TISE3EE2JT3.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Seat Free to All Who
Safer From Any Stags of tha '
Disease
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and All Otis?
Treatments Faibd to Even
'/ Help.
There has been discovered by th« SUte Medi-
cal Institute, 3SS6 Electron bids.. Ft. Wayne,
In<3.. the , moat remarkable blood poison curs
ever' heard of. It has cured all such indications
as mucous patches in the ' mouth, sore throat, j
copper colored spcU, chancres, ulcerations on
the body and In hundreds of cases where th«
hair and eyebrows had fallen out and the whole
skin was a mass of bolls, pimples and ulcers,
this wonderful specific has completely changed
the whole body Into a clean, perfect condition
of physical health. Every railroad running Into
Ft. W»yn« brings scores . of sufferers seeking
this new and ' marvelous cure, and to' enable
those who cannot travel to realize what a truly .
marvelous work the Institute is- accomplishing
they will send free to every sufferer a free trial
treatment so ¦ that every one can cure tBem-
selvea in the privacy of their own home. This
!¦ the only known cure for iblood- poison. Da
not hesitate to write at once and the free trial
will be sent tealed/ln plain package.
j visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
(MUSEUM >F ANATOMY*
9 £j$ 1051V*t7ITCT.t9t.eta*7tt.S.?.Cil. A
\ V. ¦ HP * : ' ' TJ»e Larees! Anatomical Museum la tie \
A hi Jill' World. Wcaknniei or tay cemncted Q
' CcS'ien <fc»e»*e p<MJM»fl7e»'<B*f>y the oldest f
© «5? I]] SjxoaJi u on the Cout. E»t- 36 years. C
iflgrfyfl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN d
vfCSfftll Consultation free and jtiitlly prtrate. \
I QlfH Tr«iment personally or by l-tte». A Q
I QT Y» M roritn* C«r»iaeTeryea« undertaken. T
iff. fl» Write for Book. rBILOKVPMT*! A
' 1 ' H * a»»MGc. mailso rue ur
a' a il !»*h>*W 8booltform ' a> - - •-" a
9 OH. JOBDAIV A CO.. 1031 Market 8L.S. F. ¥
< »',fvv^^s.^^ < » < »a •
This signature is on every box of the gemataa
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabled
ta * remedy th»t eares a cold in one da& .
iBBBMHHBHBHi
' POSTUM CEREAL.
HONEST DOCTOR
Speaks of Coffee Drinking.
About coffee drinking. Dr. Hewet says:
"I have the best of reasons for naming
cofiy-e as among the most dangerous of
slow poisons. My own personal experi-
ence outside of the general experience
gained by my practice has taught the
truth.
"At about sixteen I became a member
of a young people's society whose pledge
barred the use of all intoxicants, tobacco,
tea and coffee, until the age of twenty-one.
I kept my pledge and early temperate
habits were formed. Up to about my
thirtieth year I was an athlete: no one
had better health or spirits.
"A short time after passing thirty I be-
gan the use of coffee at breakfast with
on occasional cup at evening parties.
The fire t symptoms of 111 health I remem-
ber came soon, and alter sore mouth and
etomach trouble. Finally well marked
dyspepsia supervened. My bowcl3 sym-
pathized, of course, also my nervous sys-
tem became impaired. Dizziness attacked
me, and tremulant hands rendered writing
exceedingly difficult. My diet had to be
restricted. Experienced medical advisers
I forbade all Iruits.
"Several attacks of gastritis troubled me
and bowel complaint became Quite fre-
quent. The shadow of melancholia
menaced me and caused me to wonder
why a man of my lineage, strength and.
endurance and temperate habits should
be thus afflicted.
"Eminent specialists named it 'miasm,*
others as noted said -'microbes.' I now
Bay 'coffee arablca.' Why? Because for
the first thirty years I did not drink cof-
fee and enjoyed good health, the second
thirty years coffee drinking became a
habit and illness more - than kept pace
with the indulgence.
"I am now past 60 years of agj. About
eighteen months ago I saw a .shrewdly
written statement of Postum Cereal Cof-
- fee. I gave it careful reading and
thought, and as an experiment substituted
Postum for Java and Mocha.'. For the
first three days of the change I felt keenly
the loss of the stimulant, after that the
liutrlent quality of the drink more than
compensated the dc-nrl vation, and an as\
tonlEhing change came in recurring' hun-
ger three times daily; I could ' scarcely
wait for meals, a sensation I had not ha J
fcr mere than thirty years.
"Now ray" health is excellent. I eat
Iruits cf all kinds and food as my ap-
' petite demRnfis. 1 am regaining my ner-
vous tone and my strength is increasing
dally. Except my change from coffee U>
Postum I have made no change In ray
mode of Iivins.
"Do you wonder that 1 name coffee as
among the most dangerous of slow
poisons?
"I believe there are thousands, suffering
as I suffered with a better excuse 'for !g-
. r.orance than I can offer." A. ¦ C. Hewet,
*!• D., «81 W. Adams St., Chicago, ; 11L ; " -Movements of Steamers.
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes . occurs. The heights given art In
addition to the- soundings of the United States
Coaet Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The u)' -e of reference Is the mean
of the lower. low ¦waters. . •
JAPANESE LINER, WHICH
.MADE A FAST RUN , FROM
YOKOHAMA.
TO ARRIVE.
TELEGRAPHIC.
- Stmr Gipsy, L Swanson, for Santa Cruz. '
Stmr Washtenaw, Harding, for Seattle.
Bark Gerard C Tobey; Gove,' for Honolulu.
Schr H D Rendixsen. Olsen, for Port Gam
ble, k . :
Schr Conflanza, Olren; for Coquille River.
Schr Marshfield, . Dettmers, for Mendoclpo.
POINT LOBOS, May 30. ¦ 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind N\V, velocity 32 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
May 15. lat 20 N. Ion 24 W— Fr bark St
Donatlen, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Per schr Commerce — May 6, lot 13 30 N, Ion
118 30 W— Br shia Wayfarer, hence April 20,
for Callao. . . '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived May 30 — Schr
Commerce, from Valparaiso; bark J D Peters,
from Chignik Bay; bark Coloma, from Callao;
schr Wm Olsen, hence- May 19; schr C fl
Merchant, from Lahaina. - : '-. •
Passed in May 30 — Br stmr Ganges, for Ta
coma; schr Commerce,- from Valparaiso; schr
Wm-Olaen, hence May 20. ...
Passed -out May 30— Schr John G North,
from Port .Gamble, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 30— Schr Jennie
Wand, for San Francisco. :
.UMPQUA— Arrived May -28 — Schr Sadie,
from San Pedro.- - » •
TACO MA— Arrived May • 30— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence May 26; stmr Cottage City, from
Alaska; bark James Nesmlth, hence May 14.
Sailed May 30— Stmr City of Puebla, for
Seattle: stmr Garonne, for Alaska; stmr Cot
tage City, for Alaska; schr W F Jewett, .for
San Pedro.
PORT KEN YON — Sailed ' May 29 — Stmr
Arjro, for San' Francisco. : .. ¦
SEATTLE — Arrived May 29 — U S stmr Dix.
from Tacoma. ¦ ¦ > ¦
Sailed 'May 29-^Stmr Dolphin, for Skagway.
Sailed May 30— Stmr Pleiades, for San Fran
cisco. . - • . . . • .--.."-
Arrived May 30— U S stmr McArthur. hence
May 25. - .-.-.-. . -.
, Sailed May 30 — Stmr Cottage City, for Sitka.'
Arrived May 30^Stittr' Valencia,' from San
Francisco. ¦ --' '¦
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 30r-Schr John
G North, for San. Francisco. '
Arrived May 30— Schr C H- Merchant, from
Lahaina.' . ... . -" \_ ' ' . -. •
POINT LOBOS— Passed May r off. 2:30 p m—
Stmr Meteor, from Santa Barbara, for Seattle.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived May 30 — Stmr
Rival, hence May 25. . . . ; . ¦ •- . .
POINT -RE YES — Passed May 30— Stror JIc
teor, from Santa Barbara, for Seattle. -
EUREKA — Sailed . May 30— Stmr Alliance,
for Sen Francisco. '¦",'!¦'. . •¦
NEAH BAY— Passed in May 30— Bark Colo
ma, from Callao, for Port To wnsend; U S stmr
McArthur; .stmr Valencia;: hence May 27 ¦ for
Seattle. , . : ¦ - - - . . ..
Pass»d -out . May 30 — Ship Star* of Bengal,
from Chemainus, 1 for Adelaide. |
. .SAN PEDRO — Arrived May 20— Stmr Iaqua
and schr Abbie. from Portland: stmr Robert
Dollar, from Falrhaven; schr. Mabel Gray
from Eureka: schr Jos Russ, from Coos Bay;
schr Zamr>a. from Umpqua;\schr Melancthon,
from Willana Harbor.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 30— Stmr Geo W'
Elder, hence May 28. ¦ ' '
Sailed May.30 — Schr John A, for San Fran
cisco; Ger bark- Nomia, for Queenstown.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 2U— Bktn
Katie Flickineer, for San Francisco.
Sailed May 30-^Stmr Chehalis, for San Fran
cisco. •' ,- %
Arriyed May 30— Schr Sailor Boy, hence
May 16.
PORT LOS -ANGELES— Arrived May 29—
Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood, and saired for
San Francisco. 5 •
Sailed May 3O— Stmr Alcatraz, for San Fran
cisco. " " " —
IST-AND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 22— Schr Ariel,
from Mahukona: bark' OlymDic,'' hence Hay 3;
bark Mohican, hence April 30. May 23 Bkt-i
W-H Dimond, hence May 3; -Jap stmr America
Mam. from Yokohama; bark Carrollton, from
Tacoma. -May 24 — Stmr Peru, hence May 17;
ship Servia. from Newcastle. -Aus. - '
- Sailed May 21 — Schr Otelia Pedersen, for
Port Townsend. ¦ May 22 — Schr Ariel, for Port
Townsend. • • May 23 — Bktn Coronado, for San
Francisco. . . ¦ . .•¦/.. ¦ •, .
To sail May 26-^-Shio Acme, for New York;
schr \ James Rolph, for San FranciRco. via
Kleele. May 28— Bark Mauna Ala, for San
Francisco. May 31 — Bark Kaullani,. for San
Francisco.
KAHULUI— Arrived May 10— Stmr Califor-
TO SAIL. «
FROM SEATTLE.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May 30. -
Stmr Gualala. 'Weber, 8 hours from Rules
Landing. ¦ ; . ...
. Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Sunr Santa Cruz. Nicholson, TO hours from
San Pedro . and way ports. . - , - -
Stmr National City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort" Bragg. ' ¦ '. -. ..-•. .. /\ ¦ •¦
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, 23 days 1
hour and 39 minutes, from Panama and way
ports. • . ¦
Stmr Argo, Dunham. 24 hours from - Port
K«>nyon.
Jap stmr America .- Maru, Going. -31 ¦ days 6
hours and 42 minutes .- from -Hongkong, via
Tokohama 16 days 6 hours and 20 minutes, via
Honolulu 5 days 11 hours and 50 minutes.
Schr Advent, Olsen, 6& • days • from Wlllapa
Harbor. , :.. - ' ¦>,,-, ,
SAILED.
. Friday, May 30.
Stmr Coos Bay. - Glelow. for San 'Pedro.* •
Stmr Area ta. Nelson, for Coos Bay.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
iiand column and the successive tides of the
da; in the order cf occurrence as to time; the
fourth time .column ' gives the last tide of tbe
SATURDAY. MAT 31.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Cnitefl States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights . of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bajr~ Published by official au
thority, of the Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city frost (Mission-street wharf) about
t «renty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide it the same at both places.
Had Long Passage.
The British ship Albyn. which arrived on
Thursday night, ninety-two oays from New
castle. Australia, was held back throughout the
xoyage by contrary winds. She brought 3221
tons of coal.
Damage Serious.
According to a cablrgram received yesterday
at the Merchants' Exchange the damage sus
tained by -the British ship Cypromene is quite
serious. She was reported a3 having put into
Port Stanley. Falkland IslanJs. on March 23
with Iwr rigging damaged.
Arrives From Panama,
The steamship City of Sydney arrived yes
terday from Panama end way ports with thlr
?y-five cabin and nine steerage passengers. She
brought 1)14 tons ot cargo and treasure valued
at mi.SSS. - - ...
The passengers were: --. ....
Paul Roener. Thoiw-s O'Connell Henry J
Ftrathford, XV. M. Spitzer. Norco'tt S. Hen
rique. B. Oleovich, Mrs. Adie Baker Samuel
Fisher W. Fisher. F; Mauken and wife J.
Konjukrt de Curtot. Baron P. de Lan^Iade.
Mrs. Isabel R. de Coppel. Miss de Coppel En
riqu«- and Alberto de Coppel. A. Davidson Al
fonso Quinorcs, George Melend»z. W. Melendez
Rosa W"; de Chavez. Jaens Moller, John Ellson'
TV. L. Bunker. Charles Bonk. Ernest T Pegg',
Timothy Konrad. Simon Wolff, Miss Alice
Conkltng, Mrs. Hermlnia de Agulrre, Enrique
Apuirre. Miss Elolra Rivas, Mrs. Lloyd Raw
ling, Miss Jane Rawlins.
IN spite of a delay of five «Jays in
quarantine at Yokohama the Toyo
Kisen Kaisha steamship America
Maru, which arrived yesterday, was
only two days behind her scheduls
time.. She .made up more than seventy
two hours between Tokonama and San
Francisco and her passage from the Jap
anese port to Honolulu was the second
fastest that has ever been made.
A case of cholera in the Asiatic steerage
caused a detention at Woosur.g, and when
the liner reached Yokohama the authori
ties fumigated her and held her for five,
days in quarantine. There was no further
sickness aboard, , however, and after a
thorough examination the authorities at
that port granted the vessel free pratique.
The America Maru brought ninety-live
cabin passengers and 213 in the steerage.
Of the cabin passengers many are going to
England to attend the coronation. of the
British King-. Among the passengers were
many prominent Japanese, chief of whom
was Baron. E. Shibusawa. one of Japan's
wealthiest and most influential citizens.
The dining saloon was elaborately dec
orated in the Baron's honor and his pres
ence <?o board cost the steamship com
pany many extra tons of coal cremated in
the effort to make up for time lost lu
quarantine.
The America Maru's time from Yoko
hama to Honolulu ¦was exactly nine days,
•which is within a few hours of the record
run. made by the China. v_
Among: the passengers were:
J. S. Atterbury, Mrs. Bainbridge, Mrs. F.
Btrinper, Miss A. Beringrer Miss E Beringer
Mrs. \V. P. Boyd, Mrs. Chester Bradley, W. H.
Btf-nran, A. Brent. Mrs. F. A. Brockelmann.
child and maid. Miss' Eda Brockelmann Mas
ter Walter Brockelmann. V. A. Dodge*. Mrs.
I>rake. A. G. Dufetre. G. Engrel, Dr. Arnold
Fal'.er. Lieutenant Heino von Flemmlng Lieu
tenant Richard von Flemmlng Mrs F T
Gausf. child and rraid. A. D. Glbbs Miss Su
san F. Grant. MIes M. E. Guffey. G. Haglwara
WarrinB. Haughwout. Mrs F. H. Hilbert and
danghter. L. K. Hirech. Mrs. L. K. Hlrsch
Mis? E. Hitch. Mios J. Hock. U. S. HoIIister,
M. Ichihara. H. B. Isherwood. Miss Aulojo
Jsir.ieson and Nurse Kerr P F Kingston Mrs
P. F. Kingston. Miss Kingston. \V. T. # K«rk
patrick. J. G. Kniesche. Hennah Kost, Mrs.
Hermann Kost, Mr. Krtes. Dr. Langer, Mrs.
W. \V. Law, Mis s M. J. La'w. Surgeon G. A.
I.unjr. U. S. X.; Charles McDowell. E V.
Mitchell. \V. F. Mitchell. Rev. S. A. Moffett,
OlK-rst z. D. Muller, Miss Nishikawa S Oguri
F. F. PrentifcR. Mrs. F. F. Prentiss Miss Charl
lotte Rarth. C. M. Rog-ers. Mrs. C. M Rogers
Hermann Romberg. Fritz Spannagel. Adolf
ficbarr>enseel, Johann Schultze. Paul Schwandt
J. A. Scott. G. Seeberger. Baron E Shibuaawa*
BaroMpPF E. .Shibusatva, M. Shibusawa T. Shil
rriru. T. Shinoda, H. H. Stansbury Mrs.
Thock'.a Steln-Reuter. "Walter \V. Stetthelmer
Mrs Walter "VV. Stettheimer. J. L. Sudbury G
M. Targart. Dr. J. Takamine. Mrs. J. Taka
mine. Master E. Takamine Master J. Taka
min". Fritz Thles. S. S. Tullis, S. Umeura H
¦C. Williams. Alex Wollcer. Crosby M. Wright
Mrs Crosby M. AVright. A. Wulff Miss c'
"VVurth, C. YasosMina.
Personally conducted . excursions to Kansas
City and Chicago leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m via
the Santa j Fe. Cars used are . the wide-vestl
bu'.ed Improved Pullman tourist sleepers of the
very latest pattern. If you are contemplating
a trip East.- you should first call upon or write
to the ticket agent of the Santa Fe, 641 Market
street.- San Francisco, for illustrated pamphlets
and full particulars. . •'. - - -. •. . .•
To the Efeist in a Tourist Sleeper.
Tail of Horiie Team Saves Day by a
¦ Display of Vigorous
Batting.
. The Pacific -eleven, largely through the
work of P. Bennion/T. J. A. Tiedemann
and the Jamieson brothers, who compiled
73 runs:between them, -defeated the visit-'
ing team of Santa Cruz cricketers, yester
day by" a margin of 58 runs. Harold Rich
ardson was the only member of the Santa
Cruz ream to score double figures, and the
innings- closed for 49 runs. ,The Pacifies
had lost six wickets for 34 runs, but the
J»Et; four men brought, the total -to 107.
i he f details are ; shown below:
¦ " SANTA CRUZ CRICKET ' CLUB. ; '
H. B. Richardson c. Theobald, b. Jamieson.. 16
A. Jenkins c. Langdale. b. Jamieson .. *4
P.. D. Gellatly, run out-' S
A. ; Reynolds . b. Kortlang l
E. G. Sloman c. Bennion, b. Coles 0
A. G. Sheath b. Coles '............ . .3
E. J. Strattoh b. Coles . .• ; . . . . 5
H.. F. Anderson b. Casidy .'.'..'. ; 3
J. B.. McNamara, not out .........'...¦.'.' ¦'2'
A. Day c. and b. Casidy 1
B. Gross'b. Casidy .::.. .'.......¦......... 0
Leg bye 1, byes 4.. .-....; .....'..'. 5
Total ............ \ ;..'.„¦... 49 j
Runs at the fall of each wlcket^One for 17,
two for 24. three. for 25. four .Tor. 27, five for
35. six for, 38, seven -for 45, eight for 45, nine
fcr 49, ten for 49. 'f.-*4v «. , ,»-.-..... . -»v*
4 A • .SUBtMAK^.O^BaS*LING^. ;^. a \
Bcwler— ... Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wick.
H. C. Casidy .58/ : ; 21 '. 3 • 3
B. Kortlang . . 84 ¦ R . 10 1
D. Jamieson ........ 3« '. »1O •." 2 -' ' - 2 '
C. P. Coles .'. . . . . . . 48 '• <¦-.- 7 ' ' 3 . '
j > PACIFIC . CRICKET CLUB.
H. C. Casidy l.b. b.' Richardson....... 6
C. P. Coles c and b. Richardson.... ...... «
A. W. Wilding b. Reynolds..... .1
J. J. Theobald c. and b. Richardson .' ' 3
B. , Kortlang c. Gross,. b.Stratton... '...'....'. 4
E- T.. Langdale c. Sloman. b. Richardson.. 5
F.- Bennien.b. Reynolds \ '23
D. Jamieson b. Richardson ...;.-;... ..'.'.'10
W. Jamieson. not out ......'..: 13
T. .J. A. Tledemann c. and b. Stratton.... 27
V. P. Sollom c. Sheath, b. Richardson..., 0
Wides 3, leg bye 1, byes 3. ...:............ 7
. , Total -' . ..... . : 107
Run? at the, fall of each wlcket-^-One for 13,.
two for 16, three for 23. four. for 23. five for
31. six for 34. seven for 52, eight for 09, nine'
for 106, ten for 107. • - < - ¦
SUMMARY OF BOWLING/
Bowler—. , . Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wick
A. Reynolds 54 . 25 . . 2
H. B. Richardson.'. 70 38 .. 6 -
E. . J. Stratton.... 48 \ 17 1 .2'
J. B. McNamara.. 12' 5 .... ...
E. G. Sloman ...... IS 1 7 .. '
A. G. Sheath...... — 6" 8" ¦.. " ": .. -
. Reynolds bowled 3 wldes. .. ¦ \. ¦ •'..:
The Santa Cruz' players will begin a
n;atch against an eleven of the Alameda
Club ; to-day and will finish It to-morrow.
rACITIC CBICKETERS I
V ,'m DEFEAT : = SANTA CBUZ
nlan, ' f rom Honolulu. May 21 — Stmr Eureka,
from Honolulu.""' ' ¦,'*'.' ," '
Sailed; May 20— Schr Bertie Minor, for Eu
reka. : ."» ¦"'-•. .,.•.-¦¦¦.. ¦ ' : ; ".-¦¦'.. '.>¦'¦¦
¦ MAHUKONA— Sailed May : 21— Schr Ariel,'
for Honolulu.' ",'i- '¦ ¦¦'''':'¦'¦:
FOREIGN 'PORTS.
COLON— Arrived May / 27- : -Stmr Advance,
from. New York.' i ¦> ¦"" - ¦ " '. "¦¦'¦'
,-': AN JER— 'Passed 'April shin Chas S
Whitney, from Iloilo, for, — — . i -
, iISLE OP -WIGHT— -Passed May 23 — Ger ship
ChristeK" from .'Antwerp, for Port' Los Angeles.
KINSALE — Passed May 29— Br. ship Torri
don. from Oregon, ;for Quoenstown.*-. - , ¦ /.
HONGKONG— Arrived . May 30 — Br . stmr
Doris, 1 . hence ; May 1. ,' : ' . -¦•••• ..'. :.
VANCOUVER — Sailed -May 5T30-~Bf stmr
Ganges, for.Tacoma: . Br strnf'Mioiyera. fo-
Sydney;.Btmr Dolphin.^ for Skagway. '-. :
¦ Arrived r, May 3(P-Stmr DolDhin, from: Seat
tle, l'or Skagway ; ship • St Francis,' hence May
PORT.' SAID— Arrived May 30— Stmr. 'An*
tonio Loaez. from Liverpool, for Manila.,
"SUEZ — Arrived May 30 — Stmr Kintuck, from
r Seattle, for London.. - - '
ADELAIDE— Arrived orior to May 30— Schr
Wm ' Bowden. f rom Tacoma.^ ".-- -' . •'
» FALMOUTH— Arrived May 30 — Ger ship
SuEsana,'. f rom ;' Orcson. " '• '¦
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived' May 30— Br 'ehlp
Torridon, from '.Oregon:- r : ' " ;. ¦-• •'
Sailed,, May 00— Ship Star of
Benral, for Adelaide.. ¦;
OCEAN STEAMERS.
•NEW YORK— Arrived May SO— Stmr•Colum
l<la,'froin Hamburg,- Southampton and Cher
iiourfe; stmr Pretoria, from Hamburg,
Boulogne and Plymouth.
- SHANGHAI— Arrived May SO— Stmr Theo
do "i Wille, from Portland. Or. - , ;.;
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 20— Stmr Rhyn
land, from- Phlladelohia. • .-'•-,
Arrived May 30— Stmr Dominion, from Mon
treal.-". ' ¦; . ..¦ -v-.j'-Vr :.- ¦¦'¦, ¦ ¦ ¦';•' '
Sailed May -SO — Stuir Manxman, for Mon
treal, i .• , ,.,. . ¦. . . '- ¦ j
..Sailed May. 30— Stmr tBovic/. for New York.
SL.EZ— Arrived May SO— Stmr Kintuck,' from
Seattle. Yokohama, etc., for ' Liverpool. ; .;:
CHERBOURG— Arrived May SOr-Stmr Au
gusta Victoria, from New York, via. Plymouth,
for Hamburg. ¦ . '.: ,. : . -
- PLYMOUTH— Arrived. May 30— Stmr Graf
from New York, for Cherbourg
and Hambari -' - ¦ , ,i : ¦¦..¦¦
J.HAMBURG— Sailed 'May 28— Stmr Hero
diate. for San Francisco. ¦ ¦ -
i MOVILLE— Saile<J : May 30— Stmr Tunisian,
from Livernoo,, ;¦ for Montreal; etmr Ethopia,
from GlasRow. for New York. . , ¦¦ '.-
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 30— Stmr -Sax
onia, _from Liverpool,? for Boston. ¦,*
_ Arrived. May 30— simr. Campania, from New
f J? r Llv erpool,:and. proceeded.- . ".-',/.
GENOA— Arrived May .10 — Stmr Trave,
°/^-^ New - Y "rk. via Gibraltar, and Naples.
.ANTWERP— Arrived May 30 — Stmr, Vader
land. ;from New York .¦
.ST. MICHAELS— Passed May 30— Stmr Al
ler. from New York, for Gibraltar, Naples and
Genoa.^ •. : t . ¦. j .
SCiLLY— Passea May 30— Stmr Friederich
oer Grosse, from New York, for Plymouth,
Cherbourg and Bremen.
AMERICA MARU ARRIVES FROM ORIENT TWO DAYS
BEHIND TIME, HAVING BEEN DETAINED AT YOKOHAMA
THE ;SAN FBANCISGO ,&
10
Bun rises 4 .^g
Sun sets , ......... • ¦
Moon rlaeg VouVa. m.
t) {Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S L W H W LW H W
81 0:30 2.3 6:13 3.7 12:03| 1.8*6:51 5.1
1 1:20 7.7 7:33 2.9 12:54 2.1 7:31 8 3
2 1.2:081- 1.0 8:60 4.0 1:48 2.3 8:11 5.6
3 I 2:59 0.1 1 9:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:52 6.8
4 3:50|— 0.5110:53 4.4 3:25 2.6 9:38 6.0
5 ! 4:35|— O.»!ll:45 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21 6.O
6 I 5:25!— 1.2 12:3T 4.7 8:f« 2.8 11:10 6.0
7 I C:13[— 1.2 l:S8[ 4.8 6:01 2.9 ..... .....
Steamer.
I
For.
Sails.
Senator Nome June 1
Garrone Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Roanoke..... Nome & St. Michael.,.. June 1
Humboldt Skagway & "Way Ports. June 3
Ohio Nome & St. Michael.... June 3
C. of Seattle. Skagway. & Way Ports. June 4
C. of Topeka. Skarway & Way Ports. June 4
Farallon . Skagway & ' Way Ports. June 5
Oregon Nome June 5
Chico Hope City & Way Pts.. June ft
Lyra Nome & St. Michael.... June 6
Chas. Nelson. Golofnln Bjy direct.... June 5
Valencia.:... Nome .1'.. June 7
Bertha Cooks Inlet & .Way Ports June 7
Indiana |.\ome & St. Michael... June' 7
_' '[_;¦. ¦_ ' -, --.--.''• ¦:;¦':'¦ .4- V -VADVERTISEMENTS.' ' ;' : :--, ¦:'.•;' '.;; ¦*' '¦" : '**-}<?;
ABplliOEGM
: N ¦ - ; '-''¦ Very sicall and nsoasy ' -.
- : to take as sugar. /. "'
C FF lAADXrn>l F0R HEADACHE. SEE
UAKltKO FOR .DIZZINESS.
Ar . MII . IP I^ITTLE FOR BILSOUSHESS. - rHMIMP
GENUINE fl VFR for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR COHSTIPATIOM.
WRAPPFR H IHI • FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WHAKPhhl^^^ Iforthecomplexjow VYttArrtn
;'.. ' . ;.. ._. ,. -.; 25 cents I Pnroly TegetaDle.^^^^^*^
:¦¦•¦; ' "•paTPTTcrrr«ThT-> T^-hT T?.in-n paptcr." -V
Get one cake of jt
Nobody ever stops at a
cake.
• \ ¦-¦¦¦:¦,: ¦;¦(* ¦ "¦¦ ¦ \ -
Pears' soap for toilet,
bath and shaving. •
Sold all-w the world.
STATEMENT
; . - — OK THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1901. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to 1 the - Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:'. ' - • ¦•/ '¦ ¦ : .-•'•
• ' CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in -
cash ..„ $200,000 00
"1- ' =". ASSETS. ' ' - ~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
* Bonds owned by Company $433,750 00
Cashiln Banks ..t . e4,682 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ........;....... 1,166 67
Premiums In due Course of Collec-, . '
tlon 88.745 23
Total Assets I. '..... '.$588.344. 12"-
¦"'.•.- - ' LIABILITIES, i'
Losses in . process .of Adjustment or
in Suspense- 34,220 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 250 00
Gross 'Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $346,871 11;
/"reinsurance 60 per cent 173,435 56
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $76,- '
-16O 75; reinsurance pro rata..':.... 43,918 99
All other Liabilities 47,767 99
. Total Liabilities $299,582 54
INCOME. I . ~ - ¦ ,
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .$402,976 87
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
. all other sources ......'.. 11,793 65
• .- -^ ¦ ' . .*¦'.-
- Total Income 1 ...$414,775 22
EXPENDITURES. '.:.•- '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $218,897 6ft
Dividends to Stockholders.;...'..*.... 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for ' Commission or .
Brokerage .....................^ 121.392 61
Paid- for. Salaries. Fees., and other • ..
charges lor officers, clerics, etc.... 3.635- 00
Paid -for State. National and Local
taxes ' 9.G07 42
All other payments and expenditures 3,707 31
I Tctal Expenditures $331,240 00
¦" - : ;-'- : '" ¦¦„•* "¦ '¦ '-"S : Fire.
Losses Incurred 'during the year..: .$234.576 66
Risksttend Premiums. Fire Kisks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks , ¦:.."¦ . ., . ¦ - .
„ written, during -the • -, . ¦•'<¦ - s . . -• W.
• year... ......;.:>.... $53,701,834 .$617,527 22
l Net amount "Of Risks ; ; . .- . . ;- .
expired :~ during ¦ the ['¦¦'¦ -'¦ ' ' " "
year: 1 ."...*......:... ' 40,317,021 '455,093 S3
Net. amount in force - ' . . • . . :
. December 31.1901.. 36.878.839 423.03186.
R.' C. R ATHBONE. , President.
-. '¦-'.. EMIL G.PIEPER,, SecreUry.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February, , 1902.
| CHRIS.. BAMBART. Notary Public. "
Pacific Department '¦.¦
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street,
* Sdn Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
.:¦:';. — OF/THE'—'
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
1 - * ' w ' .
National Standard
INSURANCE- COMPANY
|"|F NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
*£, Tork. on the 31st day of. December. A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
or sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ¦ . - - ;-• . T^
, . CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock. . paid up
r in cash .$200.000 00,
•'"¦ ¦ -'" •¦¦ ASSETS. ,- > == f ==== r.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and ','¦ !
Interest due arid accrued on" ail •¦'
-Stocks and Loans - 1 083 S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec- ' -
.tlon 94.404 07.
ToUl Assets .......... .$620,565 19
; LIABILITIES. - ~ ~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
"in Suspense ...:...:.....-..... . $34 846 00
Losses v resisted, ¦ including ''ex-, 7^ '
penses ...... 738 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- -
ning one year or less. $351,275 41-
:• • reinsurance 00 per cent.. .' 175 637 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ' -
ning more . than -. one year, . $73,. .
.27107; reinsurance pro : rata.^..*. 42 «fl <«
All other Liabilities ....... ....*.". wilM 94
Total Liabilities /.......„... .$306,494 07
INCOME. '-" . . =
Net cash actually received' for Fire
• premiums ...................... $404 fti<« •n •
Received for interest and dividends ' -:
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from ' ¦
- y all other sources • . .' 13 242 11
;• Total Income 141a iqa »«,
• - EXPENDITURES. . . = :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses fin-
.. eluding $19,543 00. losses of pre-
vious years)i. .............. toic-7. 1T
Dividends to Stockholders ...... ' 24 ono nn :
P.aid or allowed for Commission ir
Brokerage ...:...:......... <<>, - ra ., :
Paid far Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... a. 21 k 00 :
Paid for State. National and Local ¦¦
taxes.....;. :..:. .'.... - 11 01- it' ¦
All other payments and expenditures 3.147 64
Total Expenditures $379,923 40
Losses Incurred during the < year. . . .$234. I 421 17 ]
Risks and Premiums. "Fire. Rteks. Premiums. J
Net - amount of , Risks . : .-¦ ' j
: written during the '
Ne^ a amounVVf--Ri,k; -' 56 ' 024 '= 51 =««W12 96
expired .during, the •
Ne^moinV/in*- force ' "P-™ 08 ' ™W * .
¦ December 31. » 1001 . . 37.230.491 ¦•. ¦ 424,546 48
301 *^ President. .
" ¦ c. ? M Ut G.PIEPER. SecreUry. . ,
'd^^^r^-l'M^-:^:-* 6 ' 0 . 1^' 111^^-- 7111
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public \
Pacific Department
C^ A. HENRY & CO., I
215 Sa risome S tree t ,
; ! San. Francisco, Cal. J '
j^ y^ \/ k. k.' 1 ' i R"P!"M ,THS^| f f 3> *
STATEMENT
1 CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• OS* THE-7— ' ;
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE O?
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on
that day. as mads to the Insurance Commts- .
sloner of .the State of California, -pursuant to
the provisions of. sections 610 -and 611 of -the
Political' Code, condensed aa per blank fur-
- nlsbed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL. ...
Amount of Capital Stock, paid uj> -' '
In cash ......: ..'...$' 600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. 512, 1C0 00
Loans on Bonds -and Mortgages. , 1,371,570 49
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ¦ ¦ » — '¦ : • .
and Bonds owned by Company. . 3,132,919 23
Amount: 'of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
ether marketable securities as
collateral i 68.S5O0O
Cash In Company's Office.*. 28.973 79
Cash in Banks 244,355 84
Interest due and accrued on all . • -
Stocks and Loans 23.838 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
• and Mortgages 80.141 99
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion • 888.240 93 ,.
Due for Salvage on losses paid.... 1.013 41
Rtnts due and accrued 2.060S3
Due from other Companies for R«- ¦ •
I Insurance on losses already paid. 7,530 93
Total Assets .$0,315.218 02
LIABILITIES.
Losres adjusted and unpaid $180,563 00
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 175,93564
Losses resisted. Including expenses 49.064 9tf
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
' ning one year or less. $2,371,-
329 24; re- Insurance 50 per cent 1.185,684 62
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,566,-- • ¦ > • •
"- 455 07; re-insurance pro rata... 1.397.177 51 . ..
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
oh perpetual fire insurance pol- '
. Ides 1.906.027 47
All other liabilities 360.643 10
Total Liabilities .$5.265,033 3g
:ii .-: ~- ¦. .. income.
Net cash actually 'received for Fire
premiums $3,246,972 17
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .jJ... * 85,972 07'
Received for interest and dividends '
. on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and • - -
from all other sources 157,766 84
Received for Rents 25.752 20
. Total Income .$3,816.463 2g
EXPENDITURES; »
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $246,183 37. losses of \
previous years) ' .$2,084,034 30
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00 '.
Paid or allowed for Commission
or .Brokerage 798.142 19
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 238,440 09; "?;¦
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 95,443 2D
All other payments and expendi-
tures 155.910 93 >*
' ToUl Expenditures ......... .$3.569.975 79 . - 1
¦ ' " . Fire. ' " :
Lcsses incurred during the y^ar. .$2,223,716 90
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. | Premiums. -
Net amount of Risks
¦written during the *- ; '- 1 .' .'-''...'
year $340,732,328 $4. 353. SSI 83
Net amount of .Risks . - - . .
expired during • the
.year... 311,574.332 3.815.637 01
N*t amount. In force
December 31. 1901. 408.113,644 4.937.784 31 -
E. C. IRVIN. President. ~
M. G. GARRIGUES. Secretary.
Subscribed and swora to before me, this 22d
day of January. 1902.
EDWIN S. GAULT. Notary Public,
SAN FRANCISCO DEPARTMENT:
J. M. BECK . v .. .Manager
219 Sansome Street,*
' •" : : '" San Francisco,' Cal. ¦"' "** * :**
'"»;"' TELEPHONE MAIN 5024. ....'
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
HartirFire
INSURANCE COMPANY '
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON- : ">¦
necUcat. on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1901. and for the year ending on that day-, •
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California. ' pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL. :
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
UP ta CMh - ¦; •»1.250.00O00
assets! ¦••
Real Estate owned by Company... $942,500 00 .
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... . 793,200 00
Cash Market Value ' of all Stocks .
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8.132.555 91 .-'
Amount of Loans secured by pledge ll
of Bonds. Stocks and other m&r- ' .-" ~ •
' kt table securities as collateral. v 4.800 00
Cash in Company's Office 47,160 57
Cash in Banks 677,999 63
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans I . 47 72-
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
¦ and Mortgages } 11,305 85
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1.631,580 06
Due from other Companies for re- ' • ¦ ¦•
insurance on losses already paid. 17.926 71
Total Assets $12,259,076 AT,
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... $309,132 28
Losses in process of Adjustment or
'in Suspense 723,618 08
Losses resisted, including expenses. 63,591 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ' -
. ning one year or less. $5,795,- ¦
134 72; reinsurance -50 per cent.. 2,897,567 38
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
. ntng more than one year. $7,743.-
fSfi 40; reinsurance pro rata 3,900,937 33
Commissions and Brokerage due
. and to become due 113,325 00
. ToUl liabilities .$8.008.221 01
' INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire .. -.-..V s
premiums $9,653,783 03
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 89.307 30
Received for interest and dividends . ? ....
• on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
'from 'all other sources • 320.025 S3
Received for Rents 17.399 92- .¦
Received from all other sources.. 179 73
'.' ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦¦ • _
-Totarincome .$10.031,195 VI
EXPENDITURES. ~. ~ 7^
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $581,241 46. losses of
previous years) ....:.... $5,242,322 91
Dividends to Stockholders 400.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or . -
Brokerage • • • • • • • •• . 1.707.772 30
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other -
charges for offlCers. clerks etc 667.851 S3
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal Taxes *.....:.......... 198,283 82
.All other payments . and expend-
'. itures .........' •••• 1.096.635 5T
ToUl Expenditures ...$9,213,371 39 .
. ¦;-¦¦--¦¦¦ ¦- ¦ -•-'.nre-.^^T^
Lews Incurred during the year ....$6.075.891 13 '^
Risks and Premiums J Fire \ Risks. T Premi urns. . \i.
Net amount .,-
Risks writtenl >\ . .'. .¦'¦ .. ;< -
during , the »year. $l,019,0CS,207 $11,614,027 13 , - ! "'
Net amount .of -, : :-. ¦. - ~ ¦ ,,
Kisks expired '¦;' ¦ " '- - '- £ ' • : ' ,
during : the - year. • • 748,100.591 ' 8,856.697. 23 ¦- '~A>
Net amount otn ¦ ¦ ; •:,•"".¦•
force ;December . «":."•>•'. '\'-- 1 j|- .- ,• -^
31. 1901 ..,....-.. 1.221.99Z701 il3.533.771 13.. ; V' V
- .'-; » GEO. VL.- CHASE."; President. V
•'¦•'-• . : P.? C.ROTCE. .SecreUry. --*>->.
Subscribed -.and- sworn to\ bef ore :-"me thfs,, 3d "\ "•'
day. of January. • 1902.* .-*•:, a£ r-B.? SCOTTt - -, •¦ -?J ?
Notary Public.
HENRY;KoBELDEN, Manager. /
WHITNEY' PALAGHE, Asst. Manager.
313 California St.; S. F.
• -r-OF THE-^— . '
\ COSDlTiq^ AND AFFAIRS
- = — OF THE—
Thuriiigia
INSURANCE CDMPA^Y ;
OF ERFUftT. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
. day of December, A. D. 1901. and for the
year ending ofi that day, as made to the ' In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the 'provisions - of sections
010 and 611 ,of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
; ¦¦'¦¦¦[¦'.: fy capital.' :' > : .T -
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up «' - ,
;. in Cash .... .;.... $150,000 00
1 -assets.-'. .-'¦;..- '.: .... -._."
Real Estate'owned by Company. . $463,235 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 8, 026, 471 00
Cash Market .Value of all Stocks', "
and Bonds, owned by Company. . 1.S58.022 20
¦ Amount of Loans v secured by ,
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and • -.
.¦ other -marketable securities .as"* • ¦'¦¦.
. collateral,...:'..-/.... :.;:... .;.'. 953,299;77
Cash in Company's Office...'. ....» .4,846 01
Cash in Ranks '..;. 38^,108 Wi
Interest due and accrued . on all ¦ • -. ;
. Stocks and Loans ...;... .. 58,13419
Interest due and accrued on Bonds • >- :- •
and Mortgages 6,678 61
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 214.798 96
Bills receivable, • not . Matured, .
... taken for Fire. Marine, Life. - . -. \
.'Accident. Burglary ..and ¦ Plate ' ' - '.
• Risks ...."..,.... 405,64582
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 129.213 78
¦ Due from Life 'Insurance' Com- ' ' •-* -.j-
panles ......................... ' 221; 356 73
Total Assets ..... ... ... ..$12,814.81100
' "LIABILITIES." /~~ ~~~
Losses ad justed and unpaid. ." : • 1 ' •-
Losses . in process : ' of Adjust- I . . -
• ment or In Suspense it V $237,190 00
Losses resisted, including ex- rf '
:- penses •..; ...'.:.:...."... -.j ¦' -.
Gross premiums on Fire Risks f =
' . , running . one year or ; less,
$ '¦ rl reinsurance 60
-,748,337 70
Gross Dremlums on Fire Rlskg. .-» • .
¦ running' more than one year, " •?\'-rA:
$ ; reinsurance pro ', ; \
rata ...".'.. ..:.....'...¦..-....... I ¦:
Gross premiums- on Marine and'
.'Inland ' "Navigation, Risks. . '
¦¦'$- ; — ; reinsurance ¦ 100 ¦ "¦
: per cent :....;. ....;.........; - 4,500 1C
Gross premiums on Marine
Time Risks, $ : ; re-
-' Insurance 50 per cent '. ..."J. • .'
Liability under other Branches. .\ 9,776,220 28
Cash dividends remaining tApaid . 235 00
. Pension ..fund of Company's „ em- " - . ¦
ployes . . . . . . . . .'. ../.... , . .- .-. ; .- ; ; 120,107 46*
;All 6 other • Liabilities. . . . . ....,..; '.,; 616,324 26
Total** Liabilities'; .T. l.'..t^\. .$11,402,914 86 '
INCOME. ' ,' , ., : ~
jNet cash .'actually received • for ' ' - ' ¦ .'". ,
. Fire 'premiums ;..../.. .% ; . . ; . . ' $1,523,844 73
Net cash actually received for —
Marine premiums ..'..¦..' 21,825 55
Received for interest on Bonds -• ¦ . • .
and Mortgages 322,138 47
Received for . interest ; , and dlvi-; '-¦'. ',- =
dends on Bonds, r Stocks, Loans ->:'•:.
and from -all other -sources. .:. / 90 889 69*
Received for premiums of' other ¦'-••*¦•" ¦ - - •¦.• =
Branches ., 1,677,66183
Received from all other sources../ . 52, 601 70
Total Income 'I..... $3,694,961 07
' EXPENDITURES. , ~~~ ~~"
Net amount paid. for Fire Losses. - $812,274 91/
Net: amount paid for -Marine' , /
-Losses ..:...........'.. 32.032 13
Dividends to Stockholders.. . .... .-." 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage ............... . . . 553.256 64
Paid for Salaries,. Fees and other ' v
charges for officers, , clerks, etc. 324 '843 41
Paid for State, National and : ' *
' Local taxes .................';.¦ 29,274 ' 80
All other payments and expend!- ¦
tures ,1,084,729 67
_ ToUl Expenditures .......... $2,056,411 56
Risks and. Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net. amount of Risks :-\ '•--.-.
. . written during the j ¦" .
year- ..jr. .... ...... $927,268,619 $2,82S,406 76
Net amount of Risks .. ¦ ...
. expired " during the '• ¦."• ¦'¦'.¦ •
year" ............ 884,587,627 2,257,793 08
Net amount r. in force : -...¦¦,-., .-. ,-. .
December .31. 1901.-. C92.M0.670 1,474,457 82
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums. .
Net amount . of Risks . ¦ . '. : ¦'
written during the I -;.: • - - : :
year :.:....: | $35.054.264| . $45,016 25
Net amount of . Risks •¦ ' - , .
-.expired during, the ' ' .'¦' ¦¦' ':'
year...... 19.276.408 42.54597
Net^ amount in force "..:»" . 1 . , . '
:;Deeember 31;: 1901.. 14,021;706 i 21,823 05
'.¦':. ; ...' DR. MAX LUDBWIG," Manager
' ¦¦ ' t : '- CARL SCHUMANN, 1 - Secretary. I
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 17th
day of April, 1002. -,'. j ". . ....
I ¦"».- THOS. EWING MOORE, U. S. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD ¦& CO,
San Francisco.
¦ EOROBRHffiA AND ; OEINABT EI8CHAB3S3;
1 , / '_:- 1 . ' . - ; ¦ mi ' "'' ' ' : *- " * *" ¦' *
- " SSm. ¦ * ' ' K '¦ 3 ¦ wHm > ' ' wSr mKUKk ' ' '
' A CURE IN 43 HOURS. -
fflm CIIICHEQTCR'S ENGLISH
teNYRGYfll PILLS
¦ f£2 Orl«lii»I anil Only eeaolns. 'TT.< " '
: »?-y77K?\ 8Ar E- Alw»r« relUbld. . LnUlr*. uk Dram* '
•SUp^: *" ' CHMJHESTEW8 !%i«sijSh ¦
£^£*ai&v!n UE» >n4 Gold m«t»U!e bozw .«"
-• jri **»» *£9 **>>*K«ra«s Subatltatloaa end Imlta< '
AV; . fp i »«<! "Relief for Ladle.," m l-ttr.bf re.
'Aj^;* 7 turn M.tL. 1O.O«O l'«nt!noslali. BoMb*
'¦ NEWy WESTERN HOTEL,;!
KEARNY AND .WASHiNGT6N;STS.—RE-
modeled . and renovated.' ¦ KING, WARD &" !
CO.* European plan. ; Rooms, ¦ COc to $160 day; >
$5;to $8; week; $8 to '$20 month.-* Free -baths?
hot and t cold water every ; room; > fire grates in ¦
¦ every room; elevator runs all night.; ..>>...,.: . ¦
IpWeekpCalL
- $1 :per; : Year. :
Established 1823.
That's All!
JAKE JOSEPH. Representative. 300 Battery Street. San ' FrancUca.
; ¦•-¦¦¦•"¦•¦:"¦ - - - . - ¦¦: / . ..-.¦•-¦ ¦ . ¦ _'.-¦-' :;-..- • -j . , -, ; .-.._¦. ..¦;.-:¦
_ ¦¦ ¦¦- ; " i .-" ; -. ¦¦¦.'.' ¦¦¦ ¦:- ¦ ¦¦.; ; v :; - -i ¦ -, : , ¦¦;¦ I
cozy GOAcitEs:
Li ,3^t ed a <s it :i& witK re^l electric
lights and luxviriovisly appoii\ied,
in tKe world, is tKe CALIFORNI A: LIMITED IWeather Report.
<120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 30. 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, f>6; Fresno, $0; Mount Tamalpals,
59; Red Bluff, 78; Independence, 82; Los An
geles, 70; Sacramento. 72; San Luis Obispo, 72;
San Diego, 64.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. SO; mean. 55. .
ticulars.
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, (Ml Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par-
¦ The quickest and most convenient way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 0 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.. • .
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. May 30.— Silver, 23 13-16d; French
rentes, lOlf 27%c. ¦' Wheat cargoes on passage,
depressed; English country markets, generally
cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, May 30.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 4%d@tts 5d; French
country markets, quiet, hut steady; weather tn
Enrland. cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 6-S2d.
OAKLAND, May 30.— Only the presence
of mind of a bystander saved tfre life of
W. A. Blachree, a Southern Pacific
clerk, to-night at First street and Broad
way. Blachree, in alighting from the
railroad employes' picnic train, slipped
and fell against the car trucks, his -body
lying under, the moving ' train. A witness
to/th© fall dragged Blachree out of
harm's way Just in time to 8a ve him.
Blachree was cut about the face and
head, his injuries being dressed at the
Receiving Hospital. He is 24 years old,
and resides at Berkeley.
ITarrowly Escapes the Wheels.
Consols for money iLouls _ Naeh. 14fii*
06 15-16MQ, K & Tex.... 2o2
Consols for acct.. i 97V4| Po prefd ...... 60
Anaconda 6% N Y Central ... .imu.
Atchlson > , . 83 % Nor & West . . . . 59 2
Do prefd 101 V4I Do prefd .. o°
Pal & Ohio 109% Ont & Western... 34
fan Pacific 142 H So Railway 38U
t.lie- & Ohio.... 48H 1 P« prefd 07H
Chi G Wesf. ..;.. 30to So Pacific 60%
Chi. M _ S Paul. 175*;, Union Pacific ...108'
Den & Rio G .. 43$i Do pr«;fd ... 00U
Do prefd 93«, t U S Steel 4384
Erie 38% Do prefd ...... 92^
Do 1st prefd .. 70 1 fy Wabash 27%
Do 2d prefd... 54^ Do prefd .. 45U
Illinois Central ..157% Spanish 4s. ...... 78Vi
Bar silver, 23 13-ltid per ounce; money, 2H
@3 per cent. . The rate of discount in tW open
market for short bills Is 2% per cent and for
three months' biUa 2% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
-LONDON. May 30.— At the wool auetion
sales to-day 11,233 bales were offered. Scoured
grades were keenly competed for by the home
and continental buyers. Merinos ' were In
brisk demand. American operators caused
great animation and fine cross-breds were In
eood demand by both home and American
representatives. ¦ '
London Wool Sales;
Beginning on June 15 next will inaugurate a
new limited train service between Chicago, New
Tork and Boston, leaving Chicago at 10:30
every morning and arriving in New York at
3:30 the next afternoon, with a Boston deeper
reaching there the second evening. Travelers
going East will find in this train everything
that comfort and luxury can suggest or de
mand — Pullman drawing-room sleeping cars of
the latest type;"unequaled • dlnlng-car service
with meals at popular prices; fast time over a
track n»»dn perfect with rock ballast and made
safe by the operation' of the block signal and
interlocking system.
. If you have not seen the beautiful valleys of
the Susquehanna and Delaware rivers tra
versed by the Erie you have -missed one of
the most delightful sections of the East.
- Be sure that your tickets read Via the Brie
Railroad. •
The Erie Railroad.
FAMILY RETAIL -MARKET.
Butter is dearer, again, but Eggs and Cheese
remain unchanged. „¦ ' - _ ' -; /
; There r Is .¦ considerable / change in Meats, as
will' be seen. The - finer : cuts of . almost . ail
kinds are higher, . but the cheaper ! grades re
main unchanged. Poultry stands about as be
fore. , .
The assortment of Spring and Summer fruits
is rapidly Increasing, v ae usual at this time
of the year." ' Prices for .Vegetables are about
normal. *.. . .
COAL. PER. TON — ., .- " ,
Cannel '.;..$— @13 00 Southfleld . ! .
Wellington. @11 GO Wellington $—@ll W)
Seattle -X-,® g 60 Coos Bay.... — @ 7 00
Roslyn .... — @ o 00 Greta ....... — 010 00
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.— V . " ~
Butter, choice," sq45@50 Common Eggs.— i@17Va
Do good ......40® — Ranch Eggs, per •
Common" ...... 35@— -dozen 20@23
Cneese, . Cal . .". . .12010 Honey, : comb. - per •
Cheese, Eastern.. 17020: pound ....:. ...15@20
Cheese, Swiss.. ..20@30| Do extracted... 8#10
MEATS. PER LB— ' /
Bacon ...'..... 12^@1S Pork Sausages. 12%@15
Hams I. ...13@17 Smoked Beef 17@20
Lard ..>.... 15@—i
The San vKranclsco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats: 1 ¦* \;-' ' , '~ -;.' ; • -.;
Boast' Beef . .; . ,10®lg|LAmbChops . . . ; .i5@20
Tenderloin Stk...l5@lS Spring' Lamb.. 12% ©20
Porterhse do.U^@22% Roast Mutton. 8©12>i
Sirloin Steak.. 12«/4(g!15 Mutton Chops.... 10@18
Round Steak... 10@l?% Mutton Stew-.... 8@10
Beef Stew ..... . . 8@10 Roast Veal . . . . -12@20
Corned Beef ..... 8^10 Veal Cutlets ....15@20
Soup Bones ../. ., 4@ — I Roast: Pork. 11@1P
Soup Meat ....:. 8@10 Pork Chops '. . . , . 15@lf
Roast Lamb ..12%@1S . -_• .
POULTRY AND GAMEi- " ¦'..'.' . 7 ..
Hens, ; each ... . .50@90 Oc«ise, each . . .$1' B0fi2
Young Roosters, Goslings- .,.$1 50@2 60
each 75c@$l Plgeone, pair • • • '.40@50
Old Roosters, ,ea.-50@7S Squabs. perpalr.6OS«Jo
Fryers, each .50i&'T3 Rabbits, each . . . . 15@20
Broilers, each. ..30® 50 Hare. 1 each.... -@20
Turkeys, per lb..20@22 English Snipe,
Pticks, each....65c<3$l per dozen...— @$4 00
. FRUITS AND NUTS— ' " ; : V ' \. J. t '
Apricots, lb . .15@20 Gooseberries,"lb.. 4@ 6
Alligator. Pears, • / Grape Fruit, per -
each ...25®50 <dozen ... :. 50075
Almonds . .. .... .15#20 Dried. Figs, per lb— @10
Apples : -30 5 Limes, dozen.. . .10@15
Blackberries, ' • i Lemons, dozen. ..20@30
per .drawer. ";..40<g>— Oranges, dozen.. 20@CO
Cherries, per lb...8($10 Pineapples, eaeh.30@50
Currants, per- Raspberries, per
drawer ....... ,85<&— - drawer ........ .— @75
Pecans — @20 Raisins, per lb. . 5@15
Brazil Nuts .... .20®— Strawberries, per
Bananas, doa:. . . .25©33 drawer. .. . . 30@50
Cocoanuts. each..^@10 Walnuts, per lb. .15320
Fresh Figs, lb...—^75 --'
.VEGETABLES—
Asparagus ...... 6@10 Okra. dried, lb.. — @ —
Artichokes, doa.. 15@40 Potatoes, iper lb.. 2@ 4
Beets, doten 10@— New Potatoes..., 2@ 4
Beans, white, lb. 6@— Parsnips, per da.lO@—
Colored, per lb. 5@— Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb... 80 8 bunches _15<®20
Cabbage, each. . . 5@— Rhubarb *. 3® 6.
Celery, head. ....-5® — Sweet Potatoes. .
Cress, dz bnchs . . 2O@;:IO per lb . , ..— @—
Cucumbers, dz..75c®4 1 Sage, doz bnchs, 25@30
Egg Plant. lb..l2H«?15 String Beans, per
Oarliq 'ft® S' pound 6@ H
Green PepperB.lb,15ig25 Summer Squash.
Green Peas, lb.'.;2Vs$4i per pound... 8@12Vj
Lettuce, per doz. 15(fJ20 Sprouts, per lb;.. — @ —
Leeks, doz bnehs.lG@20 Spinach, per lb.. 5(9 —
Onions, per lb 2@ 5 Thyme; dz bchs..2!5«30
Green. Onions, dz i Turnips, per daz.10®
bunches . ... . .— (Q!-^ Tomatoes, lb ... .25®—
Mushrooms, -lb.l. — @ — ' \
FISH— ¦ . , • : *
Carp ....,..,,.. .— @— Sea Bass . . .1 . . @15
Cattteh ..10#— Smelts'. :.12H'S15
Codfish ....... 12%©— Soles 1O@12V4
Flounders 100— Skates, each SS15
Halibut — @l2ft Squid ...,..,.„.— #10
Herring ....,...,— @— Tomeod 10@12U
Mackerel 12%(fi — Turbot •. ..15<ff2<)
Do horse ... ..— S10 Trout 35(ff5(i
Perch". 10@ — Brook Trout .... — ©65
Pomplno ........ en<a— WhlteHsh 10<g—-
Rockcod ......,.— @15 Clnms., gallon ...50@—
Rockfleh . . . • .- . ,-^-@15 Do hardshell, '
Salmon, fresh...,— ®15 per pound ...SflilO
Do smoked — 6>20 Crawfish — @
Sardines — @10 Crabs, each ...12%@15
Shrimps — @— Mussels, quart...—©—
Shad 8©10 Oysters. Cal, 10O.«0<»5O
Striped Bass...l2V4@15i Do Eastern, dz.25@40
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. May SO.— CATTL.B— Re
ceipts. 35C0; natives. $5 25@7 2. r >; cows and
heifers, $1 50<j£C 40; veals. $3 5006 50; atock
ers and feeders, $2 25i35 35.
HOGS — Receipts, 4000; market strong; lUht
and- light mixed, $G 05@7 27 &; medium and
heavy, $7 2O$7 45; piKs,.$4@8.
SHEEP— Receipt*.. -70; 'market, steady- twi>
tprimr 'ambs, |7 60. ' " ' ,'.'¦" ' . •¦
ST. JOSEPH,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Shibusawa is president of- fortv stock
companies, representing an aggregate cap
ital of $100,000,000, The companies are pay
ing dividends of from 5 to 20 per- cent.
The Baron expects to remain in San
Francisco several days and among other
places he will visit the Union Iron Works.
He intends touring England, France, Ger
many and Belgium before- returning to
Japan. - \ ¦ "
, Among those traveling in the Baron's
party are Dr. and Mrs. Takamine of New
York. Dr. Takamine has ma,de several
valuable scientific discoveries. His wife
is an American by birth.
Baron Shibusawa was created a Peer in
1900 by the Emperor of Japan in recogni
tion of his services in building up the
commerce of his country and in develop
ing, as much as possible, what is known
among the more progressive men of his
race as the "New Japan." The Baron is
touring the world for pleasure, but hopes
that his observations will be of benefit
to his countrymen on \ his return home.
He is rated as a multi-millionaire and has
held many important offices under the
Emperor. For many years he was presi
dent of the Chamber of Commerce at
Tokio. ¦ -
Among the .'¦ arrivals from- the Orient
yesterday was Baron Eilchh Shibusawa,
one of the richest merchants of .Japan;
He is accompanied by 'a, large retinue of
secretaries and servants and. an inter
preter.
The facts of the case were detailed at
a meeting of the Commissioners of Lun
acy, who examined the child and pro
nounced him Insane. The medical gentle
men declared the case one with few paral
lels. One of them said that the child had
doubtless inherited its taint from some
ancestor, and that its development was
accelerated by reason of the deafness of
the child, which rendered salutary educa
tion impossible. The case is regarded as
incurable, but. nevertheless, it will be
watched with interest by physicians.
Sister Mary, who is in charge of the
asylum, called the attention of Dr. Alfred
McLaugbiin to the strange conduct of the
child, and an examination developed the
surprising information that Mannie was
insane. The child was found to be abso
lutely impervious to restraint. He seem
eduto recognize no one, nor indeed, did he
show any consciousness of the presence
of others about him. The lad would walk
about like an automaton with head erect
and eyes staring Into vacancy, and, it
allowed to do so, would walk into
a wall or over a precipice. The only
thing that awakened his Intellect to some
show of life was the sight of flre, an ele
ment which he apparently loved. Another
manifestation observed by Dr. McLaugh-
Hn was the child's, fondness for hurting
children smaller than himself, a mania
that lacked only sufficient strength in its
possessor to make him a murderer.
FIND CHILD IS INSANE.
?», \ case ?,* IU V e Ma nni» came under
the observation of James Ryan, a aolici-
t * r 'w a few , dflys a 8 t °» and with the consent
of his only guardian Mannie was taken
to Mount St. Joseph's Infant Asylum in
South San b ranclsco. The child was
paced in a ward with several others of
his own age, but scarcely was the back of
the attendant turned when Mannte began
his tricks. He caught a baby girl in his
arras and was biting her cheek viciously
when the nurse rescued her. A slight pun
ishment being inflicted, Mannie snapped
at the hand that was chastising him. his
face convulsed with rage. He ran to a
window and sought to jump through it,
regardlesb of the fact that it was twenty
feet from the ground. When placed in
his cot he uttered inarticulate cries and
fought savagely. Within an hour after
being admitted Into the institution Man
nie had succeeded In creating a reign of
terror among the little inmates.
? u e w*° uld Blt for hours chewing his
?£"?£ U f Ul the blood cam *. a "<l. tasting
the life-fluid, the child became voracious
as a beast. He was transformed at these
hmf 5 1J J to ., a beas , t t lacking all the attri
butes-of human kind, and it was found
necessary to strap his arms to his side
il:mi25 r - to "- p <!! e y e « llt h J m from lacerating
himself m satisfying his unnatural appe
tite tor blood.
LACKS HUMAN ATTRIBUTES.
Mannie Janson is the child of a seaman
now in foreign seas, who deserted the
youngster on the death of its mother,
about a year ago. He left Mannie in
charge of a woman who lived in a board
ing-house on Mission street, near the wa
ter front. Mannie, although deaf* and
dumb seemed to be endowed with all the
faculties of sane b«ingrs until three
months ago. when he developed a mania
for playing with fire". He loved to watch
the burning of matches, and on several
occcasions set fire to his clothing, and
fairly shrieked in delight while the flames
burned his quivering flesh. He seemed in
sensible to pain, and pleasures eagerly
|£ u f* t h for fa y normal children were avold-
The victim of hereditary Insanity, with
a mania destructive in its tendency even
to the point of suicide, is the remarkabie
story of little Mannie Janson, a curly
haired, blue-eyed child of nearly four
years, which was committed. to the asy
lum for thi insane at Napa by Judge Heb
bard Thursday. Coupled with the Insan
ity of the little Xellow.was the double in
firmity of dumbness and deafness, so that
the lad became a mere human machine,
full of vitality like the beasts in the field,
but infinitely more • Irresponsible than
they.
Distinguished Visitor Will
Make a Short Stay in
This City.
Strange Case of Insanity
Which Fuzzles the
Physiciana
Possesses a Suicidal
Mania at Age of
Four Years.
Baron Eticbi, Shibusawa
Party Arrive
Prom Orient.
JAPANESE NOBLE
TOURING WORLD
Grain quotations made a decided advance
early in the week, which was not easily ex
plained, except on the basis of light supply in
slrht. This element was not new, receipts
having decreased materially | for many weeks
in comparison with last year's movement
Subsequently the gain was lost ! in option
trading, although corn was firmly held."
Failures for the week numbered 194 in the
United States against 148 last year and 20 in
Canada against 20 last year. - ' •" ¦
No imarovement is reported at - New Eng
land by shoe-maklne centers, where the shops
are still running only about half time. There
is a little more activity In . the . grades that
declined last week, but no indication of re
covery in prices, . and other varieties tend
downward. Salesmen are 'booking a smaller
percentage ¦ of orders at the south, which is
unusual at this time of the year. Local retail
trade has been more active, but Jobbing-busi
ness continues slow. Recent •. advances in
leather are ! maintained, with belting beiny
freely Durchased. Imported hides are. scarce
and strong, but domestic packer hides are
more Quiet. Stocks of textile goods are' not
accumulating-, although the markets are ex
tremely quiet. Domestic jobbing trade is fairly
satisfactory, but exports of cotton ; goods are
email. Print cloths are dull and unchanged,
with the J situation unsettled as to prints for
fall- delivery. Clothing manufacturers are pur
chasing woolen goods In moderation only, and
the larrer deliveries by the leading consumers
increases i the disposition toward stagnation, i
Prospects are bright for a large yield of cot
ton. Dispatches have been received from cor
respondents of Dun's located in all parts of the
cotton belt and the returns are unanimously
encouraging. "¦ .
Efforts to ulace contracts for 100,000 tons of
pig Iron deliverable in ¦ the second quarter of
1903 Indicate the confidence of the leading con
sumers as to the future of this Industry.
There is no cessation of activity at the .mills
and finished products are forwarded to impor
tunate consumers as rapidly as possible.'. '
Despite the short corn crop last year, the
large yield of wheat and high prices for both
resulted In the greatest value for the two crops
ever recorded, which means that the agricul
turists generally are prosperous and other In
dustries muit share the good fortune ¦• by in
creased sales of products.. Collection* 'are
prompt as a rule and payments throughout the
Principal clearing-houses are. well maintained.
Notwithstanding diminished speculation, there
was an increase of 1.2 per cent at New Tork
compared with last year's exchanges. Return?
as to the, transportation show that losses In
strain movement are being more -than made up
elsewhere. Rainroad earnings : thus far -re
ported for May show a sain of 6.5 per cent
over last year and 19 per cent over 1900. '
- Ease ' in the money market, favorable crop
prospects and confidence- abroad % arc the en
couraging factors which 'outweigh the disturb
ing elements of labor conflicts and unseason
able weather for retail trade at many points.
Effects of .the j depressing Influences are thus
keenly felt because they are" believed to "be
only temporary and confidence Is expressed
that with a resumotion of work and normal
temperatures - there will be a return . to ¦ the
liberal distribution of merchandise. ,
v NEW TORK, May CO.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow wljl say:
Dun's Review' of Trade.
CHILD BECOMES
RAVING MANIAC
THE SAN FB Ay CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 31, l?02.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday
probably with fog In the afternoon: fresh *n
brisk southwest wind. G. H. WILLSON
Local Forecast Official.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
Northern California — Flair Saturday, except
cloudy and somewhat threatening along th»
northwest coest; fresh to brisk southwest wind
Southern / California — Fair Saturday fresh
west wind. .-¦'.. ¦; ' . w
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific
Slope and risen over the Rocky Mountain re
gion. . .
The temperature changes have been slight In
all districts.
Brisk southerly winds have prevailed In the
Sacramento Valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirtv
hours ending midnight. May 31, 1002:
¦ Generally cloudy weather prevails over Wash
ington, Western Oregon and extreme North
western California'; elsewhere ' on the Pacific
Elope fair weather prevails. Light showers
have fallen In Western Washington and North
western Oregon.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE COAST RECORD.
11
STATION*
3
B
Z
n
•%
SB 5E
II {I
gi a 3
•if
o
1
09
r
I
Astoria. 29.98 68 48 NW
Baker .......20.84 66 34 NW
Orson 20.70 68 42 W
Eureka. 29.04 56 46 N
Freen* 2».78 S80 60 W
Flagstaff 29.74 72 88 SW
Pocatello. Id. .29. 68 72 62 W
Independence .29.58 82 52 W .
Los Anyeles. .29.86 70 64 BW
Phoenix 29.64 98 68 W
Portland 29. 02 60 44 NW
Red Bluff 29.72 78 60 SE
Roseburr 29.88 60 42 \V
Sacramento ..29.80 72 48 S
SaltU^ake 28.38 78 64 NW
Sa-n Franclaco.23.94 60 60 W
San L. Oblspo.29.94 72 80 W
8an EMego.... 28.90 64 58 W
Seattle ...30.00 60 42 NW
Spokane ».98 GO 38 SW
Neah Bay 30.02 62 40 NW
Walla Walla.. 29 .92 62 42 N
Wlnnemucca .29.68 70 40 : SW
Yuro* 29.62 88 62.8 •
Pt Cldy .02
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy . .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
. Clear .00
Clear - .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .42
Clear ,00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear- .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Clear iO5
Cloudy .00
Clear .0*
Pt Cldy T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
UNITED STATES. BRANCH.
STATEMENT
-OF THE-J-/
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE ,
MANeHESTER
- : -\ ASSURANCE COMI^VNY " J
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON - THE
31st day of December. A. D." 1901, and for
the -year, ending on that day, as 'made to the
Insurance 'Commissioner of. the State 'of. Call-
, fornia,.- pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner. :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash: ............,....$1,000,000 CO
:. . .. . " . ASS-TS.\. uV .. ' .- — •;
Real Estate owned by Company... . $4,2S2 77.
Cash .Market Value of all' Stocks ¦
¦ and' Bonds owned by Company. ..'1,547,320 00
Cash In Company's Office ¦ . 721 47
Cash in banks C5.272 34
Interest, due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. : - 5,554 17
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion .. ....; .~... '.; 255,103 45
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks ' . 443 10 !
Dug from other Companies for Re- j
insurance on losses already paid. 2S5 39"
Due front special agents.... 205 OS
..-¦¦¦. ( ¦ ¦ . t . ¦ ¦•: — :
Total Assets '. '..... $1.86D.1O2 67
LIABILITIES. /' ~~~~~~7
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $79,534 51
Losses In -process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 83,391 56
Losses resisted. Including: expanses . 21,048 03
Gross .premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,086,-
401 43; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 513,200 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$982,985 99; reinsurance pro rata 515,179 97
AH other Liabilities 60.097 67
Total Liabilities *.. $1,314,50- 44 ,
V INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
j I premiums . . . , : $1,112,716 83
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and ;
from all other sources 67,204 17
Total Income $1,469,921 CO
EXPENDITURES. ™
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $177,911 73. losses of
previous years) $1,104,934 58
Paid or allowed «for Commission or
Brokerage -. 2S7.630 45 '
Paid for Salaries, Fejes and other j
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 92,274 63 '
Paid for State, National and Local j
taxes ..... V 61,578 75
AH other payments and expendi-
tures.... 92.042 12
Total Expenditures .$l,62!>,360 53 I
,, _________
\ Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. $1,121,394 56
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ..,,... $182,497,461 $2,108,292 83
Net amount of Risks , 1
expired during the .
year ................. 189,348, 63S 2.121,957 C8
Net amount in force '• • - ¦
fi December 31, 1901.. 190.349.213 2.069,387 43
.""."¦'GEP/S. A. YOUNG. U. S. Manager. I
¦ ¦ Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th ¦
day of February. 100_.
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California.
Pacific Coast Department . ~- * |
323 California Street,
San FraAcisco.
GEO. W. BROOKS, - THOS. J. CONROY,
Asst. Manager. Manager.
BALFOUR, CUTr|RIE & CO. .Directors.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ . t\r& txtt»
/. * ¦ 1 i_i •\JjJ AX— Hi '
GALEDONIAN
AMERICAN
INSURANCE ' COMPANY t
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December A. _.
1901, and for tne year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections B10 and till of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock. -paid up la
.- Cash .. $200,000 00
\^ ASSETS. ¦ ¦ -- -
Cash _t«*ket Value of all Stocks a"nd'"> • '
Bonds owned by Company ...;.... $292 200 00
Caah In Banks .:..., -7,059 ljj
Interest due - and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ¦ 1,985 41
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion •. . ........ .• 8,898 S3
Due from other Comoanles for Re- ;
insurance on losses already paid.. " 8, 638 95
Total Assets . ... 1 ... l\\ . . ..... .$318,782 42 |
LIABILITIES., ...
Losses adjusted and unpaid ........ $3,130 57
Losses - in process of Adjustment or .
In Suspense .'...'. ; .,.- ¦ 6.52176
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 1,250 00 '
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- * i
ning one year or less,- $15,673 00; j
reinsurance 50 per cent . ... ....;,. .7 836 49
Gross premiums on. Fire Risks run- . ' - ¦
ning more than one year, $9043 20;
reinsurance pro rata k 571 no
All other liabilities ........... ....'I. s/m i»
Total Liabilities $33,042 60
INCOME. .~" __V
Net cash actually received : for Fire
premiums -:...-...,. $31,951 20
Received for interest and dividends - - • i
on Bonds,' Stocks, Loans and from .
all other sources 11390 6°
Received for profit on realization of * ."-,.¦¦
investments OiOOO M
I Total Income ..... . . .......... . $69,242 05
. ' EXPENDITURES. '
Net/amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $27,316 52, losses of pre- " :
vIoub years) $86,676 33
Paid - or allowed for Commission or , •
¦Brokerage 5,632 81
Paid for Salaries, Fees and . other
charge, for offtcers, clerks, etc. . . 4,865 22
Pa!d for State. National and Local -
taxes * ...... 3.221 60
All other . payments and expendl.
. turea .'••".. • . 3,935 91
Total Expenditures ... . , . ...*¦. .$104,391 86
" • ' - ~ Klre
Losses - Incurred durlntr the year.. ..$81,139 '%\
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rtsks. Premiums.
Net amount ot Risks
' written , during • the '""'¦_! ¦
year ...- -- ... $15,703,775 $160,556 23
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
¦year 16.1S4.773 143.S50 11
Net: amount' in force -
December 31. 1001 . . * 2.210.863 • 24,716 20
"~ ~ CHAS. H. POST, President.
N. A. McNElL. Secretary. '"
-¦ Subscribed and . sworn to before me this
29th day. of January. 1902-. '..'. . -
H, E. FRANCK. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department
323 CaHfppnla Street,
- - . San Francisco.
CEO. W. BROOKS, THOS. d. CONROY,
v-- Asst. Manager, ' " Manager.
GUTHRIE & CO., Directors.
TJNITEI) STATES SSAITCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
V' :.;¦¦¦- • ¦ . . , - ....-¦-.¦
OP LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE StST
lay of December. A. D. 1901. an* for th»
: year ending on that day. as made to th* In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections ftin
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
„ : V- CAPITAL.
C-Pltal H-.B0O.000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, psi<l,up
in Cash 1,230.000 Oft
• ASSETS. - ¦ T
Real Estate owned by Compaiy.. 888,148 6»
! Loans on Bond* and Mort«a«*s.. 232.000 CO
Cash Market Vahu> of all Stoojca
and Bonds owned by Company. 1,841.39.1 W>
Cash In Company's Office, . 3.8S4 11
C__h in Banks 4O0.SS4 30)
Interest .due and accrued- on all'
i Stock* Md'.Loaiw 1.160 OS
1 Interest due and accrued on Bonds
¦and Mortcaires ..,.. , 4.060 41
Pr»mluir.s In.due Course of Collec- ¦ * • J
¦ tlon^.. .... ....;.....;;•;, „•. 886,983 Itf
Bills f- receivable, ' not Matured. *
¦ taken for Fire and Marine Risks «,282 1«
i Rents due and accrued 7.701 *»
Total Assets $3,978,035 Sf»
¦'''"' — =
:•:.':; liabilities.
Losses adjusted and unpaid. . . . $116,720 00
1 Losses- in process of Adjustment '
¦ or In, Suspense ..¦.:'..."..¦.;;.;..-. 26S,9€5 0O
Losses -resisted, tndudlngr " ex-
penses 2S.500 CO
Groen premiums on Fire Risks .- .,: ' : 'v:'
running one year or less 53.- .
113,22131: reinsurance 50 per ,
ctnt .:..... 1.056.810 C5
Gross premiums on.. Flra ¦ RLska . ', . ¦
. running more than one year.
$2,O3O,1S1 00: reinsurance, pro -
rat* .I,...; 1.087.5S8 5?
Gross premiums on Marine and .
Inland Navlc&tlon' Risks. $70,- ¦ i "¦'> •"¦;
04I» 77 ; reinsurance 100 per cent. 70.043 TT
Gro3_ premiums on Marine Time
Risk*. $48,027 57; reinsurance
50 per cent 23.013. 78
Amount reclalmable by the In- '
•surttl on perpetual fire insur-
ance policies 100.205 63
All other demands against th«
Company 110.M7 OT
Total Liabilities S-.S3S.06fi 4ft
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually ¦ received for
Fire premiums ' $2,705, _9 _»
Net cash actually received for
i Marine premiums 173,904 90
Received for interest on . Bonds
and Mortgages ...» 11,264 2«
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bond3. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 71,750 00
Received for Rents 21.283 34
Total Income $2,983,521 CT
EXPENDITURES. "" ~ *~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ loweji
ot previous years) Z .$1,316.002 29
Net amount paid for Marina
Lasses Uncludintc $
losses of previous years) : 85.39O 62
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage ...\
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 147,587 23
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 80,344 «3
All other payments and expend!- - ¦
tures 161.498 68
Total -Expenditures *_.822.930 7S
Losses Incurred during the year.. $1.-02.538 83
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during- the
year . , $353,263,746 $3,777.47- 04
Net amount of Risks
Mtplrtxi during the . -' ¦
year 341.5Sa.4S4 S.444.072 «1
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901. 409.197.928 4.143, 401 21
Risks and rremlums. Mar. Risks. Premiums,
, Net amount of Risks
' written during the]
year I $4T,S52.1S0| $250.40- 45
j Nat amount .of Risks I
1 Ixplred during the L : '"' • •' " "
V*ar 46.24S.0S4f . 200.763 $1
Net amount in forcel
December 31. 1901.1 3.384.83a) 92.308 84
A. H. WHAT.. Manager,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22-
day of March. 1002.
MICHAEL J. QUTNN. Notary PuWio.
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
. San Francisco.
E. T. NIEBLING, C. FJWULUNS, . :
/ Asst. Manager. - . Masattn
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
ST/\T-SyV\_=v_NT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
PliffiNlX
') ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE S1ST
day of December, A. D. 1901. and for the -
yea? ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of /the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 810
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS, ,
Cash market valu« of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company-. .$3,228,079 75
Cash In Company's Office. 75 OS
Cash in Banks 21,82- 43
Interest due and accrued on - all
. Stocks and Loans 23,85-73
Cash, In hands of U. -S. Tru_tees. 431 992 24,
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection •••••••.. 133,753 93
Duo from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 13,875 54
. Total Assets .f2.897.OG0 21
LIABILITIES. -. .
'Losses adjusted and unpaid $110.780 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
tn Suspense - _0_,9T_ 9*
Losses resisted, including expenses. 18,233 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
. . Dlnjf one year .or less, $2,012,-
1 814 03; reinsurance 50 per. cent. 1,006, <07 4S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks rnn-
K nlng more than one year. $1,803 -
!" 600 37;. reinsurance pro rata ¦ «_» JIT OT
AH other liabilities : miili 33
Total Liabilities $2.460,OC9 73
INCOMB. ¦-
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ........... $2,801,247 SI
Received for interest and dividend-
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources ' ¦ 75, 123 70
Total Income ............;... $_.tT7.-Tl 81
BXPENDITtrRES. '.~
Net amount paid for Fire Lcsses •'
-(including $154,025 00. losses ' of ''¦
rears) -.$1,838,288 83
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 809,507 77
Paid for Salaries. . Fees and other t
charges for officers, clerk j. etc ¦ 142.221 88
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 74.730 29
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 327,904 41
. . Total Expenditure- $2, TOO, 653 95
--.-¦, ¦ , Fire. ».."* I
Lo;ses Incurred during the year.. $1,950,323 40
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net' amount of Risks ... . " I „ »
written during . the - -.- •
year .......:, $440,835,755 $4,198,960 OS .
Nst amount of Risks
expired durind the .
year 402.731.784 3.537.098 03
N*t amount : in force •
December 31. -1901. 340.091.008 3.818.418 30
A. D. IRVENO. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before' -me thtj
2Sth day of January. l!>02. . • - .
GKO. O. RUOEB. Notav Public
BUTLER & HEWITT,
AGENTS,
413 California Street,
5aa Franelico, C«L
I F T/ r "T'_'_T_ _.7 • " _¦• i XL Y^C*
AUCTION SALES
OCCIDENTAL £->
"^ HORSE EXCHANGE, -"**
246 THIRD STREET. . "
" On MONDAY, June 2, I will sell a large con-
signment of 1 new and second-hand . Carriages.
Coupes, two 'and three seaters. Camp Wagons,
Buggies. Carts. Phaetons, etc. Also a few fine
Horses, including Shetland Ponies. •¦•¦ -
. • ¦. WM.G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
fe A CARLOAD fe
Of WELL. BROKEN 1300-pound WORK
HORSES -from HEILBRON & MEISS Ranches.
Slakiyou County, now on sale by ¦ m~ J •'
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market St.
— OF THE— - : "
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE——; .
DELAWARE
.INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
th« provisions of sections C10 and 611 of the
Political. Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL
Amount of Capital Stock, . paid up
in Cash $702,875 00
ASSETS. ' '. '
Real Estate owned by Company,. $200,600 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 127,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
/ and Bonds owned by Company. . - 955.713 01
Amount of Loans secured by pledge . «
Of Bonds. Stocks and' other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 50,000 00
Cash In Company's Of flee 490,14
Cash in Banks 68,515 75.
Interest due < and accrued on all
-Stocks and Loans 12,622 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds , ~
and Mortgages 1,795 42
Premiums In due Course of Collec- .
. tlon • 86,634 85
Agents' Balances ................. ¦¦ 39,58072
Rent due and accrued ............ COS 34
TotaJ A«sets .......... ...$1,544,160 80
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Losses adjusted and unpaid....... $700 00
Losccs In process i of Adjustment
or In ¦ Suspense ¦ 56,870 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses 1,000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
. running cne year or less, $460,-
409 55; reinsurance CO per cent.. 223,201 77
Gross premiums on Fire Risks; . • .-;¦¦
running more than one year \ ¦
f $"30,312 00; reinsurance pro rata 374,727 45
•Amount reclalmable by the Insured * • ¦ .
on perp«tual Fire Insurance Pol-
Icles 113,002 79
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. , 77 00
. Total Liabilities ......'....'.... $770,482 01
INCOME, ~~ ~~
Net cash actually received for; '«'
Fire premiums ....;... . $681,16236
Deposit premiums on perpetual
risks ................ .^- ••••••¦.. 10.199 92
Received for interest on Bonds and . ...
Mortgages ••••«• 6,297 50
Received for interest and dividends T-
on Bonds,' Stocks,: Loans and '
from all other, sources. ......... - 41,072 35
Received for Rents... .9,820 00
Received from all other sources... 43.822 29
Total Income \i $792,874 41
¦ EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses ¦
(Including. $02,422 80, losses of .
-previous years) '•:.;. ............ $391,03104
Dividends to Stockholders. ; . , 21,080 25
Paid' or allowed for Commission or , . ¦
1 Brokerage . ... . • . • .;............ 170,760 67
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other , -
ohargss for officer?, clerks, etc.... 02,573 46
Paid for State,' National; and Locals. . i'i
taxes .............;..........-•.. A 25,007 71
All other payments and expendl- 1 .... % ¦ .1
tures ;.. ........... C7,493 16
Total Expenditures .......... $733,814 _3
', - . - '¦ - ' ' Fire~~
Losses Incurred during the year. . . $3Sl>,242 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums,
Net. amount of i Risks
written' during" the ' ..'¦
¦'.¦ year :.'..',...:. v. V.. . ,$SO.0qS.C90 $890,080 41
Net amount: of Risks ¦¦ f -;•'¦¦."¦-'.*.
.-•expired- during r the ¦'. ' .- i ; ¦ •-.- ..,-'.
. ' year . . : . . r. ...... :. ; 86,470,433 -:¦ 939,480 80
Not -amount" to • force ,.-• ¦ - ¦ , -
.:¦•¦ December .31;: 1001.. .110.nS3.187 1.157,823 81,
' CHAK1-ES H. .YARNELL. , President/-"'
•••'¦ HENRY' LYLBURN.! Secretary, y
Subscribed ; and pworn. to before me.cthls 23d
d_y of January.' 3002. "?¦' ' ~v--i" -tr j.C .'.vr '. -
RICHARD H. '-REILLT.^Notary" Public '.-_'
Pacific Coast Department: - ¦ }*
EDWARD BRO\yN& SONS
AGENTS;' — : Q
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET, I
. ' ••; SAN FRANCISCO^ CAL^- : . j
'¦':: i < CITY AGENTS ¦ <. :":-'. .',''¦¦; I
ROBINSON & NIPPER T}h
> 2ielSaiigomc. Street. ;f
, STATEMENTS
. <' •• \ THE—— ::-';;
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — -OF THE-—
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY'
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
..Pennsylvania* on th e 31st day of . Decem- i
ber, A. D. 1901. and for the year endine on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner or the State ot California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and fill of the
Political . Coda. - condensed as per blank i fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
. in Cash '. $500,000 00
. -' _ ASSETS.'. . , ~
Real Estate ' owned by ! Company ! . $397,178 64
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.*. 882.402 55
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 706,552 50
Amount of Loans secured 1 by pledge
. of Bonds.' Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities a» collateral.. 2,700 00
Cash in Company's Office...:.'.... . 8,867 74
Cash in Banks .......... . G3.1S8 30
Interest due and -accrued .on all
Stocks and Loans. 7.052 C7
Interest due and accrued on Bonds- .
and Mortgages ;. 13,677 80
Premiums In due Course of Collec- ¦ •
tlon . . -69,531 00
Ground rents, well .secured.. ..... 19,520 00
Rents due and accrued.. - 2G5 73
Total assets X ....." $2,360,886 8S
" LIABILITIES. ; ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid... ..;. $61,693 35
Losses in process, of Adjustment or
In Suspense :... : 93,903 73
Losses resisted, including expenses 23,006 CS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year' or.' less, $1,039,-
. 578 11; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 519,780 05
Gross premiums on Fire risks run-
j nlng more than one. year. $875,- .
f 087 53; reinsurance pro rata 410,150 31
Amount reclatmable by the insured
¦-. on- perpetual l fire insurance poll- .-
cles ........ . i".' I............... . . 675,300 64
Commissions • and '. Brokerage due . "
and to become due. ............. 30,351 50
.Total Liabilities ....... ..$1,724,173 20
\:'--:'C _ . ' :¦'¦;..¦ ¦¦income., : . . r ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
- premiums ' ." • .'.'• ...........'. .$1,263,029 28
Received for Interest on Bonds and /
- Mortgages .; . ; . . ................ 48,108 54
Received for interest and dividends ,
on Bonds, : Stocks, Loans, ..and'
from all other sources........... ' 3e, 664 37
Recelved for Rents...... ......,.,' . 8,887 84
Received from'all other sources. . 28,650 68
Total ' Income ......... .. . . .$1,385,340 71
. KXPENDITURES. s~~
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
(Including $120,103 01, losses of
previous years). ...*.........;... .$1,018,183 18
Dividends to Stockholders...:.....^ 15,000 00
Paid' or allowed .for Commission ¦
or Brokerage ............... 204,207 60
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other.
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 44,100 00
Paid for State. National : mid Local '
. txxea ...... ."....'.:'.......: , 44,5(5153
All other payments and expendl- .
tures_ 163,307 07
Total expenditures. .......... .$1,649,359 ;t8
: : :•¦-¦.''¦¦. \"''j-"-.' n Fire. ¦ "~
Losses Incurred durln; the year. .$1,071,643 90
Risks' ' and Premiums. Fire . Risks. 1 1 Premiums, j
Net amount of - Risks '•'." .-'.'•; ¦<¦
written durlnsthe ¦ . . - • -
" year . .. ....... . . : • • 5150,775.529 $1,836,940 19
Net : amount . of Risks ¦ .'--..¦ : ' •;
¦ expired durlns the > -..
year '. J . •• . 153,180,201 1.701,200-71
Net- amount -in- force ">-¦->-< - - .-
December gl. 7 1001.'. 165.143,9-0 1.014,665 04
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. Pres.
'¦'-. '• •¦¦ RICHARD MARIS. , Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th I
day of , February, W02. *- J< *'f|r^ > ffi'ilrtfM T"' fT~r ,
H.F.REARDON. Notary Pnbllc.
Pacific Coast Department. ;
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
" v GENERAL ACBIVT8,
41 i-4i3,UCALIF0RNIA STREET,'
: , ; :^^'"^'^san-.'.'fbancisco,;cal. -. _..-.- "
¦ ,'/-'" - H " v. >? ; C CiTY^AGENTS'» . : -'"
V; C. A. H BNR Y- & CO. ,
TWENTIETH CENTURYCOOK BOOKS
, A enr-lood of Cook Books
. hnn Snnt arrived from Chlcnjro
and they ore ready for distri-
bution at the biulneii office
of thin paper. All Call sub-
scriber* are entitled to _ copy
of thl- srreat Cook nook at v
.the premium price of flfty
cent*.
An additional cbaree of _O
cents to pay expreuaee -ill
be required from oat n( toira
¦ ubscriber- ordering by mall.
ST_iVTEI_>^:_-__SrT
— -OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AGRICULTURAL
' INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWX, IN THE STATE OP
N'tw York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to tht Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to. the
previsions of sections 610 and till of the. 1 Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner: . . ¦ «
, CAPITAL. *
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Id Caeh $500,000 00
ASSETS. .
Seal Estate owned by Company... 337.400 00
Loans on Bonds and "Mortgages.. 775,211 50
Cash Market Value of all Stacks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 724,665 62
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
other marketable securities as - '
collateral '. 239,244 18
Cash In Company's Office 4,185 11
Cash in Banks 133.230 69
Interest due and accrued- on all
Stocks and Loans 11,854 €B
Inter*st due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27,975 88
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 110,081 03
Due from other Companies for re-
irsurar.ee on losses already paid. 2,930 66
Total Assets $2,376,679 35
LIABILITIES. •
Losses adjusted and unpaid $29,101 0<
Locsfs In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ¦ 69,182 05
Letses resisted. Including expenses. 11,070 00
Gross premiums on Fire' Rtsks run- • '
nlng one year or less. $826,803 00;
reinsurance v 50 per cent , 413,401 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on« year. $1,462.- " - .
870 00; reinsurance pro rata.... 767,482 13
Total Liabilities 91,281,137 64
INCOME. "~
Net cash actually received for '
• Fire premiums .$1,087,631 17
Received for interest on Bonds and . . :
' Mortgages , 41,424 89
Received for interest and dividends
.• on Bonds, Stocks,; . Loans: and \ : '
from all other sources ......;.... 44,433 2S
Received for Rents U ................. 4,542 28
Received from all other sources.. . / 944 Off
Total Income ..........;.... ..$1,181,075 W
EXPENDITURES. • ¦ 7
Net amount P-ld for Fire Losses -"• : > -* r 'r •:'.
(Including $85,020 50, v.-louses of " ' -•
previous years) . :..i....; :.1.V. V$521.681 57/
Dividends to' 1 Stockholders ; ... '..;..• 50.000,00
Paid or allowed for Commission or. . .
Brokerage 224,838 27
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other;. 1 '¦
charges for officers, clerks, etc. .;. 88,237 44
Paid for State. National and Local IV . ..:
taxe* .*............;. ?„„£ 49,211 68
All other payments . and expendl- •¦'-.• • ¦
tures ."••; • .,. : - •; • • •"¦'• . .'." 102,902 57
Total Expenditures ,....C.'.:'.. $1,036,961 61
Fire.""
Losses incurred during the year $554,874 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks'. Premiums, j
Net amount of Risks '
written during the
year .... ..:... ..... $164,453,500 $1,663,072^)0
Net amount of ' Risks .' : . ¦ ... ':'. ; ."
¦ expired . during the . ¦ . •• ¦-"¦ '
year : 109,610,000 1,540,215 00
Net amount 'in force •" ¦ ¦
. December. 31.. 1901. 239.617.000 2.289.7S2 CO
~~' A. H. SAWYER. President.
V . . ': W.H. STEVEN^. Secretary.' .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of February. 1902.
L. B. .COOKE. Notary Public/.
Pacific Coast Deportment.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS, :,
411-13 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
• CITY AGENT* " _^T
GBORGE H. MURDOCK,
/ 412 California '6tp_ett '-$¦&¦£:
FAIUE'S CELEBY CO_-POTJ_tTD.
A Healthy and Sound Body Will
d Enable Us to Battle Against
% the Wrongs and Injuries-
of Our Enemies.
Paine's Celery
Compound
Banishes Disease, Establishes Health
and Gives Us Physical Strength
to Maintain Our Place in
I Life's Conflict.
of U3 find life hard an</full of
i While we cannot well aroid the
rfaSerings that result from wrong- and
injuries, we can keep ourselves from the
pains and ravages of bodily ailments and
diseases and maintain that full measure
of health that will enable ua to meet the ,
wrones that assail us from day to day.
If you are run down, fretful, despond-
ent. Irritable, sleepless, be assured you
are becoming physically Impaired and
weakened. If the relaxed and sluggish
action of the excretory organs has loaded
the blood and body with poison, produc-
> ing headache, rheumatism, neuralgia, kld-
! ney and liver troubles then disease is en-
, circling you In Its chains.
f Prompt use of Paine' 6 Celery Compound
will save the weakened parts of the body
from yielding to disease. The great medi-
cine saves weak and enfeebled nerves
from prostration and removes every feel-
Ing of exhaustion and despondency. It
cures and saves those who are bound by
disease and suffering and gives them a
new lease of life.
Ex-Alderman Fred G. Brenner of Troy,
N. Y., a popular and esteemed citizen
who thanks Paine's Celery Compound for
his present rugged good health, writes
for the benefit of weak, nervous and
dyspeptic sufferers; he says:
"For several years I suffered from ner-
vous troubles; I could not sleep well;
nerves seemed to be weak; I had dyspep-
sia, and was all run down. My appetite
began to fall me and I was discouraged.
A friend of mine recommended me to
Take Paine's Celery Compound. I took
a'.to bottles and began to feel better and
yty the time I had taken four bottles I
was a well man. I have to thank Paine's
Celery Compound for my rugged good
health to-day."
n'c F_CU tft n.fl with DIAMOND DYES.
S --Si 10 Uje Take no other.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
¦ OF THE — ;
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Alliance
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1901, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
tu ranee Commissioner of the State of. Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
€10 and 611 of the Political Code, condense-
as per black furnished by the Commissioner,
CAPITAL.
Capital $25,000,000
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Ca-h 2.7-0.000
1 ¦
. __ rrc
JU3— _• X — •
TUtal Estate owned by Company $173,170 87
C&eb Market Value of all Stocks and
Bends owned by Company MS, 312 60
Cash in Banks 64,285 35
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,750 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection 49,054 91
nuu receivable, not Matured, taken
/ for Fire _ad Marine Risks C65 00
due and accrued 475 00
V Total Assets $S77.6i3 &)
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,453 60
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 2.48S 71
Losses resisted, including; expenses.. 427 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or leES, $221,007 08;
reSn-uranc- SO per cent 110,803 99
Gross premium- on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. tlOS,-
_7B 03; reinsurance pro rata C5.S41 56
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to becotne due (1.349 eg
Total LULbtlitie. 1 ... .$187.8*53 78
INCOME. -———_—
2Cet cash actually received for Fire
premium- $257,653 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources % 22.044 17
Received for Beau. 13,767 6»
Total income $293,464 71
EXPENDITURES. :
2Cet amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $4,452 27, losses of pre-
vious years) $87,990 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 61.617 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 13,288 21
Paid for State. National and Local
-_e« '..... 3,704 99
All other payments and* expenditures 20,463 77
Total Expenditure- $167,125 04
Five.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $08,073 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Rtsks
written during the
year $26,201,300 $337,854 19
Net amount of Risks -
expired during the
year 22.732.131 278,881 06
Net amount In force • v
December 81. -1901.. 23,727.108 S30.587 01
. EAML. R. WEED <of Weed _ Kennedy).
*d Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 27th
day of January. 3902.
GEO. H. CORET.
Ccmmlrtlcaer for California In New Tork.
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
C. F.MULUNS, E. T. NIEBLING,
Manager. Asst. Manager.
_a SP^SSf liHr ji_fa S an _sJ_
_9 H_Hi_v • »wl B— B_Sa_ V wg
9_ — — 8— w» £ nl %ti§ M$l_N__ VI
ff*_r fv__HV A 1_— — . TH E__*9_ H
I— « _M_99r — * vSfn—Bl S_ I fe_-^_' fa
f TO AUTIIOHS £_EKJXG A PUBL1SHKR.—
2__nuBcrip:s in ait branches of literature,
e-i*«.l>lt: !cr f.<ii>Ii^:ition In buoie form, are re-
cuired by an csta Wished h+w_e. Liberal terms.
No charge for e__m:n_t«os. Prompt attcatloa
and honorable treatment. "BOOKH," box
111, The Herald. _2rd et; Kew YorU.THE SAN FBAKCISCO. CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 31, 1902
12
I .' '.EXCHAKGE. . ';''.'¦-'
FOR sale or exchange for- S.' F.'" paying, prop-,
• eHy.: one of tho finest ranches in ; Sonoma
Valley. Address R. CLARK,' Agua Caliente,
' Sonoma Valley. Cal..'. .-'¦¦:.• ¦ •¦ -• ¦ ' : '
'¦¦' r"- FINANCIAL. .' ¦'...'
COMPANIES Incorporated and. financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services." " Send for
¦ Pacific States anv»etor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post:
___: : . ,¦¦;. [PLATS TO^ LET. ' ; ¦'..
JUST finished and for rent, six beautiful up-to-
date six and seven room flats: rent $35 to $45.
¦Apply to owner,' premises,, west side Stelrier,
south of Waller; Halght-st. . car. '
NEW, Just comoleted,* modern flats, 4 and -5
1 rooms and bath; Stockton and Lombard sts.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. :- '<
f 22 50— SUNNY flat, 5 lance rooms, bath and
pantry: fine view; healthy location., 627 *{,
•-. Thirty nth, at.,..- '
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath: modern improve-
ments. . ,¦ 3446 ¦ Twentieth st., near Capp. ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave.; 975, opp. Jefferson Sq. — :
Upper sunny modern flat of 5 rooms and bath.
SUNNY- flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2SJ3, and 2S29' Washington St.": ¦¦
$18 — NEARLY new lower flat. 5 rooms, bath,
yard. 230 Chattanooga St., near Twenty-third.
TENTH, 435— Flat 6 rooms, bath and laundry.
$30— FINE flat of 6 rooms, bath and basement.
• 1426 Green et., 'near Van. Ness ave..
UPPER 4 -room flat and bath; rent. $15. 33G
'. Tehama st. '. "¦¦ ;¦."".'
TWO nice new sunny flats. 1112-1114 Fell St.,
near Scott: north side street. ¦ ..'¦...
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED. -
GOLDEN GATE. 1517—4 rms.;bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED. .
FOR sale— Fine sunny furnished 7-room flat; no
agents. 355 Polk. st. -.-'¦¦' '
: FURNITURE FOR SALIV-^^ j
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak; $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. ;
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. 8. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big. ;
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.,,pays highest I
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
y GLOVES.
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove ; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— -FEMALE^
ATa' r R?lSNs"EN r & CO /.Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ,
Man and wife as cook and helper summer
resort; short distance $05
2 waitresses, same place *. $20
A very choice place for a waitress, summer
resort, Shasta Mts., fare paid ..$25
Waitress for Springs $25
20 waitresses, different commercial hotels
...../... ....$20-$25
Laundress, summer resort, fare paid: $20
Marker and distributor, city laundry.. $10 wk
.2 waitresses, Marysville, fare paid $25-$20
Mother and daughter, working housekeeper.
country hotel '. $40
Working housekeeper, country hotel. ,$25-$40
Cook, country hotel ..$40
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
100 places for houseglrls,' second girls, nurse-
girls, cooks, city and country, $10-$30; nurse-
girl, small children, American family, $15-$20;
nursegirl.-'care three small children, .'$15;
young nurseglrl to assist, $10; others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .' 429 Bush st.
Opposite California Hotel, between
. : . • Kearny street and Grant avenue.
WANTED — Mother and daughter for cook and
second girl, 3 family, Alameda, $45; general
1 housework, 3 family, assist care baby, $30,
Alameda; also a general housework girl, 3
family, at $25, in Alameda. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter street.
WANTED — Cook, private resort, short distance,
$40; chambermaid, summer resort, $20; wait-
ress, small place, $25, nice place; 5 cook's, $30
and $35; little wash; second girl, $30; cook.no
washing, $35; cook, small boarding-house, $25;
housework, .Alameda. $30 month; German
nurse, $25; housekeeper, $22 60, country; 10
hotel and restaurant waitresses, $20 and $25;
laundress/springs, $35; helper, $30; head
waitress, $35; cook, 4 family. $25; also a
large number of girls for housework, city and
country places /too numerous 'to advertise.
Apply to J..F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT^'AGENCY, 638 Clay.
¦ - Phone Main 1101.
2 girls, private families ................. $20
10 cooks, summer resorts.... $25 to $40
25 waitresses, summer resorts. .....$20 to $30
4 chambermaids, summer resorts .$15
5 chambermaids and do waiting. ..$20 to $25
2 girls; hotel laundry .....$20
3 girls for hospital $15
TWENTY-FIVE waitresses ' for mountain,
j spring and water resorts, $25 and $20; 4
waitresses, same springs. Lake County, fare
paid; 12 waitresses, city, $25 and $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY .335 Geary.
WOMAN who ¦ understands massage, - city, no
night or Sunday work, $25. ".'•. ¦¦¦>(
MRS. M. E. DAY. .;.... ..... .335 Geary.
TWO head waitresses, 1st class posItions,$30-$35~.
MRS/M. E. DAY ..335 Geary.
A — =COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and
$25; a houseglrl, 2 in family, $30; second
'.- girl. $25. .' MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. i
*~^ ,- — ' '. ' : * — —— ~
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; -WE TEACH
"YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
L*EVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.V'MR. DAVIS. . '*.
WANTED— An experienced tailoress for bushel-
ing department. S. , N. WOOD & CO., *71S
Markef st.' , . .
AN experienced nursegirl to go to the country
with a family for a month; $15. Apply to
429 Bush street. . :¦ —
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per. week;
' day and even, class. 1 143 Stockton, room 13.
YOUNG girl for chamberwork; German' or
Swedish preferred.. 24 Sixth st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with general house-
work; no washing; sleep home. 3573 • 20th st.
COOK for a children's Institution; good wages;
references required. " Box 539, Call. J ¦ , ' ,
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
¦ « gents' white shirts. 'Rogerson's, 535 Valencia. I
WANTED— First-class waitress; $8 per week.
¦'.: Breuss Cafe. 70 Third St..
FIRST-CLASS waist finishers; also sleeve
finishers wanted. COX, 1514 Pine st.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn '$15 to $20 per
week with private 'customers ; halrdressing,
manicuring, massage, hairwork taught in 2
weeks: price $3 50; employment guaranteed;
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
WANTED— A lady;' good- penman;- correct at
figures; 'some knowledge of bookkeeping : and
stenography. •• Apply, -with particulars and
wages expected, . box 4S2," Call.
Halrdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork;' splendid position ln stores
and with private customers,' $50 to $75 mo. ; i
weekB $5; day, ev.- classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
WANTED— Experienced Jacket and skirt hands
. on alteration work. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' -
YOUNG girl for light housework. Call 10 Pratt
place, off California, near Stockton. '
GIRL for general housework; 3 in family; good
1 wage8 ' ""5 Halght gt. ¦¦'¦'. ¦ ¦¦.:¦¦ f
WANTED — Girl to run: buttonhole- machine.,
SAN FRANCISCO M'F'G. CO.; 523 Market.
PANTS ¦ operators wanted by . S. N. WOOD &
r CO. Apply at factory.'-27 Geary st,jBM ' '
WANTED— Experienced ehlrtmakers.' EAG-
LESON & CO.'. ¦ 535 Market . st.
CLASS'IFtKU «rtvertiFement5 and subscriptions
received- at Call brunch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fu bacr hit ions has been . established at lOUtf
Valencia gt. ; . ' ¦" : r. -".•'. '• .•.'•.*•¦;.:.
HELP^WANTKP-- MALE. .;
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. . . . . .429' Bush" st.
' Bet. Kearny ; and Grant avenue.'. : ."-..-
New railroad- work. ...'.'. .... ... .'.".Free -fare
............... FOR. NEVADA ... . ; .' 'r. ... .-. . ;
" 2000 ' teamsters; laborers.'- rockmen I and con-
crete men;,'. .'..:..;:.. ".$2 and $2 25 a day
. 4 carpenters •. ;...""...."...".'... ..'..v'.$3 a day
....... FOR- CHATS WORTH PARK ;.:„..
500 tunnelmen, drillers,. muckers and outside
laborers.. ;...;,..: .'.'.'. .$1 75 to $3 a. day'
....:.......: SHIP TO-NIGHT . .V. ........
Free fare V. . . -,T.'. . • •'- ... • • • •'•' Free , fare
.......... Opp. ¦ California" Hotel- '..•.•.;. ,:~.~
¦ C. R; HAKSEN & CO ¦ ¦ .".' . .". . . ¦ 429 Bush st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE,' 26 ' Montgomery, r. ¦ 12/
Pantryman, -$35; clerk,' $15; small bell, boy,
" $18; porter, $25; pantryman, $25. - , ,
MEAT . and pastry . cook , for mountain resort,'
$60 to $65. " see ¦ party * here, 1 :, fare : one ; way.
MRS. M. E.'DAY. 335, Geary St.
A"'.- MAN and -wife,"- small', ranch, - $50. ¦ MRS.
¦; ¦ NORTON, ) 313 jSutter st. , • * ' -, * < '<;
WANTED— A - good buahelman. : ¦ S, N. WOOD
Market s't.V'--.. " -.;• _'/ --. ¦•: •.- .•
MEDICAL — Continued.
MRS. SWEET. COfi Gucrr-ro nr iftnTTi "i
graduate of Royal University nJnl h .5*' .£
years' experience in midwifery ca.il"* a u h 5
are sick or in trouble consuft m l wA l ho
.Iscwhere: takes ladies before and du-In. 8^
fincment: best mctherly car t - infant »Snn»I""
confinements. $15: room &" board « P J : ' *•
2 to help for room and bjrd °Tel BluJTVlV T*
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 MarketHr^lTah^Hdl7>?
specialist; a private home before and ' durin-
confinement; best medical careYjo^ ft>?" 'ljf
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fa)l»"
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Rearey."
DR. ROSEN, 1007% MarkeTgT^ne^Tsix'h"
¦treats ladies only; relief In ail' dlcl taken!
LADIES— "Neverfale." ¦ Pastour 7^ coleb-at»rt
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. h M*
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HIXDOHFRP
original method of treatment. 112s M j^{|
DR. NO TOY KEE 210 Stockton~7tTTppo<,lta
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand mach!nery7~M c i~r;
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
COLLEGE kennels has 8 head of doss, which
must be sold for board; also a fine stock of
dogs and pups of all descriptions; can ba
bought on your own terms. 115 Halght st .
phone Fell 6811. . *
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear »t.
BAR fixtures; big stock: Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy term* or rented, xha
Brnnswick-Balke-Col lender Co.. 652 Mission^
SEALSKIN highest grade, same as new. cost
$250- will sell if taken at once for $90 cash;
bust ' 38; a rare bargain. Box 869. Call office.
NEW and 2d-hanJ boilers, engines, dynanyww
motors, pumps, wood and iron working toartkr
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st. \y. W
STRONG camping or laundry panel top wagdn.
furniture, sewing machine. 3270 Mission st.
DOORS and windows cheap. J. E. WHIT-
TIER CO.. Eighteenth and Folsom sts.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St.. cor. 15th.
8000 FEET 2 to 6 inch pipe, with screw, lead or
.flanged Joints. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beala st.
6 DOLLARS — Singer sewing machine; good or-
der. 1571 Market St.. near Twelfth.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried la stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. - ¦
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, morinff
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 833 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont at.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento it.
FOR second-hand machinery.engtnea and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2d A Brannan.
1ST-CLASS ' 2d-hand modern engines A boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pte-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Poat «t.
MISCELLAJCEOrS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo -suits. Portland- Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S1.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and -
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51. >¦
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWks.418 Turk.
MOXErr TO LOAJf.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bldg.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
......LOANS MADE
.......On first and second mortgages
Life Interests in estates
-.. Property, being held in trust
....'. .Undivided interests ln real estate......
Estates in probate — Legacies..... '.. v
Assignment of rents.
Life insurance policies...........
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-602 Examiner bul'.dlng
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room X
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
; On first mortgages. / ¦ Jj
On second mortgages. ; "•'
On third mortgages. " '~J
.On undivided interests ln real estate. -
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
.- ?- . NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 551S.
R. McCOLGAN., 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent in sums to suit:
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
3tcon«l mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests ln real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities.- MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
lat floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 323 Montgomery st..
. Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
• Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain V
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at k
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84« 9
' Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third. /
— . ¦*
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. neaf
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 3ft.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Draka. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY, 26 Montgomery st.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOPSLEY CO.: ...143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money quick:
lowest interes't; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, eta. by private
party; no removal: no commission; conflden-.
tial. Room 3. "-Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING 616 Examiner big. : loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removaT;
no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furs.,
without removal ;¦ conflden. 933 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal:
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 118 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15*up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Extt.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month, on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTRTJMEXTS.
\iZ~makes~and erodes handled; largest ~vJZ X
riety and larsrest stock. Special bargains: 4 1
3 Stelnway .....$95 to $280' J
2 Knabe *S*» to $110
3 Weber ..' *65 to $150
5 Hallet & Davis $S0 to $165
2 Fischer $73 to $155
1 Bonrne $4O
3 Hayncs .'.$23.1
1 Kittle • • • • • $2S5
Over 5000 Heine pianos ia S. F. Agents for
famous old Gaoler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
u mi- " HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary at.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but; can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
gHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter' sts., S. F. : Broad*
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS! . .'
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand ortana from $23 up; r.cw up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
6 SON,' IB to 20 O'Farrell St.; Chickering,
Mason & Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
DURING thU week we can supply, while th«y
last, squares from $25 upward ; uprights from
' $125: upward. • In .new -Instrument* we can
cell you fine Wlssners or Baumelsters. - Pay-
ments if you desire. THE ZEN'O M\UVais
MUSIC CO.. 7C!> Market «t
ANY • piano sold by us taken back any tlm»
within 2 years and full purchase price - al- f^
¦ lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular >'
price; costs you or.ly 20c a day to buy -
planA from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 3o
O'Farrell st.; established 1850. ; .
$l(?n— upright piano; ccst $lCO;for sale on •<
¦ to Installments. 1S0O Couch it., near Gear*.
SAX FRA ft CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; opsn. until 9:."S0 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin Etrect; otsen until 9:30 p. m.
i:!41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1 ZXl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
1WJ Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwtst corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 ji. m.
Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. '
¦ SU2*JTkSU AUTICKS. '
PAST Masters' Association of California. •
F. and A, M., will meet ln St. John's
Hall. Masonic Temple. SATURDAY jZj?
EVENING. May 31. at 7:30 o'clock, /? >
for transaction of business. Coir.nencing at
8 o'clock REV. DR. J. NIETO will deliver
an address. There will alt-o be vocal and
instrumental music. Master Masons are
earnestly and cordially invited. By order of
the President. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22 F. & A. R
Ji., THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
*t 7 :."><.' o'clock. Second degree. LSy or- TfcJf
der of the Master. f^r '
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec
COUTH San ' Francisco Ledge No. 212. m
F. & A. M.. meets THIS (SATUR- /%_
DAY) EVENING at 7:.'!0 o'clock. )fV
Third degree. Master Masons- cordial- fyr »
ly invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
THE ninth grand annual day and >«rjA.
nteht picnic and barbecue of the foi£j '
Croatian Benevolent Society Zvoni- "£>£3i ' i
mir No. «1, X. C. £j., will be held BiflMf
KKXT SUNDAY, June 1, at Glen "VP3^
Park. Barbecue (kastradine i *s5f
kupusa) from 12 m. to 3 p. m. r*
Liancing from 11 a. m. to 11 p. m. u\er «00 !
c*ush prizes * ill be -raffled at « p. m. Mission j
U'cilow) end Ban Mateo cars direct. Admis- !
•ion, 25c; children free. Games, lun and t
enjoyment lor all. Society will leave on a
f special Missiun (yellow) car via Broadway
and Kearny, starting lrom the ferrv at 10
a. m. Bring your friends with you.
[ ' COMMITTEE.
VOT1CE of meeting of stockholders lor pur-
pose of voting on issue of bonds. Oince of
A^ociated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
ward building, corner of California and Mont-
gomery sts., San Francisco. Cal. April 2S,
1~"<^. — Notice is hereby given that pursuant
to a resolution of the buard of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 2Sth day of April, 1902, at a
regular meeting of said board duly held la
Uie city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, whereat more than three-
fourths of tbe directors of said board were
present and voted, a meeting of the stock-
holders of eaid corporation will be held at
the cif.ee and principal place of business cf
said corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
Hayward building, corner of Montgomery
and California streets, in the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, said
building being the building where the board
of directors of said corporation usually meet,
and said place being the place in said build-
ing where th* stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of iuly, 15KJ2. at 11 o'clock a. m., for the
cb.'ect and purpose of then and there con-
sidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bonded Indebtedness of eaid As-
sociated Oil Company. In the sum of five
million dollars, payable in United States gold
coin, and to secure said bonded indebtedness
so proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon, or deed of trust of all ' the property
of said corporation now owned or hereafter
to be acQulrfd by it during the life or term
cf *sid mortgage or deed of trust. By order
of the beard fit directors Associated Oil Com-
pany.
(Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sam Ahtye, In the Secret Dig-
Kings Mine, near Leporte. Plumas County.
Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked out pit
draining into Clark or Slate Creek, and from I
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. Ekel. In the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana, Ama-
dor County. Cal., to deposit tailings ln worked
out pit draining into Mokelumne River, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
96, Flood Building, San Francisco, Cal., on
June 16. 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal.. en MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
19C2. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
• tion of Euch other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday. May 16. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
The abo.ve meeting has been postponed
until Monday. June 2. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Automatic washers sell themselves;
do it-ashing in .TO minutes without labor 'or
attention ; one agent took 10 orders in 45
minutes; 15,000 sold this year; free samples
r.nd sole agency furnished good, honest work-
grs. Automatic Washing Co.. Sta. U, Chicago.
WANTED— Two good piano salesmen. 235-237
Geary st.
' ATTORXEYS AT LAW. j
K. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort- '
?rages, partnerships, attachments, collections, i
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; '
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet-
no charge without success; established ltt yn> i
_JG- JV^HOWE. 850_Marke^ st.. -cor. Stockton! I
ADVICE free; open every evening: low "fees";
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market et. '
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar":
k»t St.; consultation free: no fees ln advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEX has beet bicycles made; all pricesTcall
before buying; repairing, tires, bells U01
Larkin. 305 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
'2 DOGS. ETC.
HOBI SON'S BIRD STORE — '" ~~~
335 ard 337 Kearnv st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS, ETC
Largest and best appointed place ln the country.
BOOKS XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS or all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1946.
BOSIKBSS CHAXCES.
A— $500; CORNER crocery~anTTmrT'wTtn ~Uv'-
Ing rooms; rent $42; best location on Leaven-
worth st.; good paying. Call K. G. WILKE.
2bfr» Kearny £t.
A— jSpCoO; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
udg.; rent $75; a first-class paying business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2(ihi Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON, only one block north of
Market Et.; net rent $25; a good paying busi-
ness; value in sight. For particular* see R.
G. WILKE. MM Kearny gt.
A— $1400; HALF interest in one of the beet
paying saloons in this city. Particulars 11.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny tt. arucular8 tl -
A— S 1600; RESTAURANT on Market St.; daily
receipts about $60; lease; splendid chance- a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE 20V.
Kearny st.
"^T^ 1 ? 50 ' corFEE saloon and restaurant near
Market and Powell sts.; value $2500; make
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $250; RESTAURANT; cost to fix up $GO0-
ZVX $ i5, : *P lea<lid '"cation; a great bargain
and good business. Call R- G, WILKE. 2tt>4
A— *450; BAKERY. establis^dqMrs; all store
trade; rent $40; 3 rooms arid kitchen; baking
1 barrel per day. Call R. G. WILKE 2(>»!
Kearny Bt. ,
A ~ DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
vS£ HtT'Hlf al f Ve $350 per »°nth; estah
>ears. the best investment ln any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«% Kearn?.
A-$SCO; PARTNER wanted ln fine paying and
best located restaurant on Sutler st-;%ick-
nees compels owner to take good man as
cFwtiKP B 2n th £ Who!e bu£lne «- See R.
O. \MLKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $4O0; CIGAR factory, retail store ln front-
iSS: =t d Virfm : me^te^ m ifr b^
fl ii t ?2r CON , T ? OLLING mtereet ln oW estab"-
liehed local business; paying well; no nre-
vious knowledge required; will bear close in-
53* ' CaVl^oricT 18 al ° ne W ° rth
: *' ort £ fi°°V Lo(1|rlng - noujs « °t 18 rooms:
and bath-; ell on one floor; furniture, oak-
rent $55; two entrances. 805% Howard ./
«* 2 G«i F o urt ° *•: owner lea\™f city
Apply Mrs. Kraose. No agents. *
A— Hardware. caJnt and oil business ln vertr
b-st town this State; nets $250 mo .; invoice
rey stock: no good will; snap rent sie
Hedges. 4C1-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 MarkeT
WANTED— A lady or a gentleman who under-
stands the florist buclners. Must have a
email capital. SCO Halght street.
PARTNER to buy Interest in established leglt-
Imate business. Box 812. Call.
Btot». with large baseroeot, below K»arny. suit-
able for bowllrg. games; lease. C3« Clay, r. 1.
ROUTE In Western Addition: buUdlns up~dl7-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call. < • . .-
BCSTXESS CHAyCTC!*— JContl wn<? J.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends-- were- $5 15 a- week; in- less than
¦ five months he had drawn as much In divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee • you against loss;
divfder.ds are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loes: we accept .accounts as low. as $10: dlvi- I
dend for week ending May 24, .$3 OS; write j
or call for interesting literature. . AMERI-
CAN. CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
til.'), Emma Sfcreckels building. :< .'"
FOR 6ALE-^$400; cigar stand; billiard room;
owner leaving State; must sell; clears $80
month ; full examination permitted. Box
4S5. Call office. .- ¦ . /
MECHANICS' boarding-house in manufactur-
ing district; full of boarders: cheap rent:
price $900. Eitel & Carroll. 1032 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
BARGAINS and many choice' investments ln
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times; bona fide buyers are welcome to < in-
spection; kindly call at office. <
O W. SCHWEINHARD,
817 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th, ,
Phone Mint 1911.
7-ROOM modern flat; downtown; well furnish-.
cd: rent $35; price $300. , .
SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
8 ROOMS; $25 cash, balance monthly $200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
IK rooms; Just listed , 650)
12 rooms; enap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; Investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100... 1300
100 room? ; clears $600 9500
40 rooms: $1000 cash, balance monthly. 2200
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
A. CAMERON & CO.,
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming houses or busi-
ness to eVll. list with us*,; buyers, caI1 ; we c an
ruit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, flats; all sizes and prices; ln all parts
of city.
Money loaned. 1*4 per- cent. '
MITCHELL. & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms;, good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sur.ny flat: corner 200
11 rocms; downtown: good 700
18 rooms: rent $37 50; make offer.' 900
Money loaned at 1U per cent per month.
100 ROOMS'; country transient; low reni..$<TiO0
300 rooms; corner house; for men 6000
Ifi rooms; sunny corner; fine location. 1500
34 rooms; rent Very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent £«5; bargain. 700
Itoney loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.). ..Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. '
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. . ¦ .
New houses to lease.
MASON St.. 10 rooms, $700: 8 r.. $475; 22 r..
S1400; Kearny at., J8 r., $1700; 21 r.. $1400.
These are all good paying places; 70 more
houses, south and north, at all .prices; we
tr»at all customers best and honest as possi-
ble. .McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market Et. (upstairs), near Call building;
good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 458;
big list hotels and lodging-houses.
FOR sale — Fine location, 27 rooms, elegant car-
pets and furniture; low rent; long lease. In-
quire 217 Poet st.
FOR SALE — Lodging-house of 11 rooms; t'ran-
sitnt. 2QS O'Farrell st. *
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Frl. nights; every one re-
ctlves tests; 25c; readings dally. 1052 Ellis st.
PROF. HOLTMAN. medium ond gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 122S Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium ;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MRS. Harland's circle to-night: best tests,
10c; trance sittings, read., 50c. $1. 132 Sixth.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424' Market!
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th.. nr. Guer-
rero: circle Friday eve., 25c; readings dally.
EDWARD E-ARLE. 32S Ellis; readings dally:
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mt-y*r; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIR\;OYANTS.
profess6r~paul destine]
the first member of india's occult
college ever registered in
AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO. ,
PAUL DESTINE, the world's greatest clair-
voyant and palmist, may be consulted dally on
all affairs of life; Paul Destine Is, beyond the
ehadow of a doubt, the most scientific practic-
ing pa'.mist p. nd clairvoyant in the world to-
day: his Information and advice on marriages,
divorce, separations, love and family -affairs,
business transactions. lawRUits,. minins. etc.,
are accurate an* truthful; he reunites the sep-
arated, restores lost affections, causes speedy
marriages, makes you successful ln your busi-
ness;, gives you zood luck; locates hidden treas-
ures and mines: settles old estates that time
has placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness; he
looks into your hand and tells you what ails
you and gives back your lost nerve and energy;
there Is no home so sad and dreary, no heart
so forsaken and lonely, no life so hard ami
blighted, that cannot be set right, and kept
right, after a visit to' this Inspired man ol
modern times; no matter, what trouble you
may have, call and he will help you, or charge
nothing for his services; "mediums developed'";
readings by mail; fee within reach of all.
32C O'FARRELL ST. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~ —
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and bu« Incus medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldsr.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, feveals the present hap-
peninge and portrays events to occur in the fu- ,
ture. Tf vou are 'In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
SPECIAL — 25c readings, one week: first visit
to your city; clairvoyant, palmist, astrologlst.
card and trance reader: this medium. has no
equal ln tellinc uast, present, future; gives
n(im«f. dates and facts ;»tells' what you came
for without your sayin? a word; who and
when you will marry, with proper advice:
*vll Influence- Is removed: separated united:
happy and speedy marriage to your choice
In 9 days; teaches occult science: gives satis-
faction or no pay: hours 10 to 8 daily atui
Sunday. Parlors 1010 Mission St., nr. Sixth.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gyp^r clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1101 Market st..
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.; readings by mail ns satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$.'»: send lock of hair, date and year, of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
rtader.' bcrn'with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;]adie<<50c.
gentR$l; pahn. and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
25c — A SI reading this- week only for 25c: ad-
vice on love and all business affairs. MME.
J. J. LYONS, 1016 Market, rooms 8 and 9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave;- What
I tell comes true; smd dlirs» and b'rth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 614 Taylor St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full' Denies ;50c-$l:10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA-reads life* fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up: 5 Fourth st.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, elves full
life re-adlnrs for $1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. ¦ 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychfct;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. ' 125. Turk st.
Mme. Marceau. card reader & clairvoyant; la.
6 gents 25c. leoi Mission; 10 a., tn. to 8 p.' m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; Iadle3
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 332 Sixth bt.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor i work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lr>g Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cJeaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kletnert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karl son Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-'
in«. 1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH 4 CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
MODERN Co.; lowest rates for machine clean-
ing. Phone Mint 301. Office 923 Mission' st:'
CITY Steam Carpet-beating .Works.' G. H
STEVEXS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior .. Carpet-beating Works
333 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126. _- ,
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vat!ng Co., 240 14th. St.: teL Mission 74..
COLLECTION OFFIOE^.^^J
GEORGE --W.-' KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful.- Room '310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$12 — A SUNNY (J-room corner cottage in Mis-
sion. Inquire 209 Turk st. .v
$l(i — SUNNY cottage; 0 rooms; large basement;
yard. ¦ 137 Dolores St.. near Fifteenth. -.,-..
EDUCATIONAL.
HiiAl^ricHo'oir "oF^L^cirmcATErENGT
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
, practical; day and night. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
' catalogue- free. • . ' ; ' ¦ ¦ " ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ~
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
nets College. 1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by . experts; , best combined short-
hand and commercial course to- be had any-.
¦ where: Indorsed -by official court reporters.
"1382 Market st. - "
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
" engineering; day and night; catalogue free.. ;
A — THE LYCEUM,' an accredited preparatory
school, for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
PRIVATE lessons ln German, Polish : and
French. MME. A. v. RADOSZCWSKI. 235
Seventh st. ' . . , . , : r '
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st., for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.minipg, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanfae; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course oh coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN. Gaie Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg., penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkiri st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. ;
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell «t.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo
by taking 20 lessons. 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping/grammar, writing.
« etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally,
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery et.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page- catalogue free.
A , WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pagec. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
jj BEJfTISTS^ £
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINl"c, 809*Market, cor
«n. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
It-ssly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crcwns^3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
' up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;• Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns. $3 .10; fillings 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work ;<ainless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. v G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt.
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse ln good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call office.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
icoreet-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
- tpfclaUy. 7S RaU3Ch st.. nr. 7th & Howard.
OFFICES. .
ORPHEUM Employment "Office — JapaneseTchl-
c«ge help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;teI.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Office 415 Stock -
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and 'Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. -
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel.' Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help;'estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 010 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 first-class German cooks wish
situations; city references. Apply to J F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
BY first-class French maid; good references.
Apply -to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
A YOL'NG woman wishes light housework by
the day: sleep home. Address MRS. S A.
H., C02 Howard st.
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending to do
at home. Please call 27 '£' Fourth st.
GERMAN laundress wishes work by the day;
$1 50 per day. 'Address 48% Seventh street.
WANTED — Positions by man and wife; wife is
a eood cook ! and experienced in general
housework; man good driver and thoroughly
understands care of horses; handy I man
around private place; city or country. Box
484. Call office.
GOVERNESS' position wanted by a lady of
education* and refinement: kindergarten and
mu*lc specialties: ,best Eastern and State
. references; no objection to country. H. K..
Box 63. Frultvale. Cal.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; good references.
. MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotati. Sonoma Co.
WANTED— Hemstitching to work at home; 30c
a yard. Call or address 1120 Twenty-third
avenue. Oakland; tel. Ash 761. •'
SWEDISH lady wishes position as . working
housekeeper; city or country; best of- refer-
ences. Box 427. Call office". •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1-50
to $6 week; convenient and respecta"ble; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken - for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
A JBRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Et. -.-.¦. •.'.-... ¦.-..¦¦¦-
EMPLO VMEXT WANTED— MALE.
IOUNG man, 24, English, respectable appear-
. ance, good habits and very willing, wishes
• employment; city or country. . E. H. : box
522. Call office.
PAINTER, O. K. and all-around mechanic,
• ; wants work for some Institution or corpor-
ation; steady work Is the object,] It satis-
factory. Address C. J. E., Box 541. .
A THOROUGH German gardener, especially
lawn work, wishes position on private' place;
city or country. Box 535. Call office. .
SWISS bookkeeper and "correspondent In
French, Spanish, Italian, German, wishes po-
sitlon. Box 534, Call office. • ¦¦ .
SITUATION wanted; young man, graduate of
business college, office experience,- good pen-
man and accurate at tizures; strictly tsm-
perate and best of references from past em-
ployers. R. F. MERRITT. care Y. M. C. A.
BLACKSMITH, all-round machinist and -ham-
mersmith. Just from-the East,' wants .work;
¦no objection to leaving the city. • Addres3
DAVID BAIN, Alta House, Oakland. '
SITUATION wanted . by a first-class clyinder
and platen pressman;, city or country. Ad-
dress box 532. Call ( office.
SITUATION by coachman; can milk cow; good
references; city or country. .. Box 529, Call. ',
YOUNG man lately from -Germany wishes a
-; light position ¦ where •'. he can attend evening
¦ school; moderate wages. "-Flease address 'or
call 1309 Stockton Bt.' .. ' . ;.
MAN from, the State of; Maine;' Just arrived.
wants a position as clerk or, head waiter in a
; first-class country -hotel ; best -j of - references.
Address JAMES. 596 Geary -st.. S. F. ~ v ./-,-;• ,;r .
FIRST-CLASS stenographer ' desires ' position ;
5 : years' experience; references furnished.
, Address box 500. . Call office. ' . •-• .is - ,. ,v ¦
JAPANESE I young boy i wants -j ' situation ' - as
schoolboy: understands < English ", well. YO-
' SHIDA. 521; Jessie st. ' . , /: .. ,.; ',.. ¦..
CHINESE ;' first-class ', cook wishes i position as
r such . in , firRt-class hotel, city, ¦ country Vor
springs.' j 13 | Wavejtfy "¦ place. . :.
CLASSIFIED : advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call: branch office/. 2200, Fillmore.
A" BRANCH , office for'. Call advertisements and
svbscriptions , has been -established at. 109tl
Valencia Et . ! ¦'.„.«
HELP WANTED— BL4^LE—Com___
COOKTImln hotel. $35 to $40. J^.gJrSSrl:
French or Italian restaurant 'jook.^- °°^
Ing-house cooks. $30 and * 10. « *»»^2i h :
$35: cook and wife, country, $6o, disn^
ens. ' vcgetablemsn. waiters and other h«ei
and restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT &. tu..
C2S Sacramento st. :
GREEK Interpreter. s ten °^*P* e < r K^VcO°"
writer. $100 month. J. F. CROSETT Ac
. 628 Sacramento st. j ; —
FOUR single-hand miners.. $2 day and board;
2 furnace men. $60 and board and $ 2 helpers
$45 and board: ranch blacksmith, $40. rancn
wheelwright. $40: 12 carpenters, city -ana
country. $3 50 to $4 day; :: plain c ar Pen«> r t V
$3 day; blacksmith. $2 50 day; W a £ k3 *!"* h .
helpers. $2 day; lumber sorters. $2 50 day.
laborers for general work about mtus anu
woods mines, buildings, etc.. $2 day ana
$35 to $45 and board, and others. J. *•
CROSETT & CO.. C28 Sacramento st.
20 MEN to thin fruit, $1 15 day and board;
gardener, country, $35 and increase; 2 men
about place, $30; 10 farmers. $26 to M ana
$1 25 day; milkers. $30. $32 50 and $35; far-
mer and wife $50; man and wife, private
family, $50; married fruit farmer. $40 ana
house rent; choremen. $26 and $30; man to
.cultivate orchard, $30; 3 men to clear land;
2 woodchoppers. $2 50 cord; 2 can washers.
$30 and found and $40; boy to drive milk
wagon. $15 and found; old man to care for
place. $5 month and board, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — A first-class farmer- and wife;
. wages $50. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st. . -
NIGHT cashier.' 29 Stockton st. *
YOUNG man to work on books and bills; must
have some experience. I Apply after 8 a. m.,
C. NAUMAN & CO.. 608 Sansome st.
WANTED—^A No. 1 all around tailors; $18 and
$20 per week. Apply or come at once. N.
DAVIS. Truckee. Cal. ¦
WANTED — Recruits for the. marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; 'able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
. Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs- Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
- looms; 253 per night; $1 to $2 per week. -
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
rcand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOHLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED-^-2 < young men; good references;
hours 6 to 12 p. m. ; apply . by letter only.
BACIGALUPI. 840 Market St..
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
•with' towels, 40c per 100.- Tosemlte Towel
Supply Co.. 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED — A thoroughly competent and expe-
rienced salesman for retail boys' and chil-
dren's clothlnar. Address box 415. Call.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors for Oakland;
salary and commission. 810 San Pablo ave.
BOYS wanted. Apply California Barrel Fac-
tory, Twenty-second and Illinois ats.
WANTED — An all-round Jeweler. Apply J. N.
PHILLIPS, 627 J St.. Sacramento.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job; $15 week.
J. J. SCHNEIDER, San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
SHOEMAKER, with $660, to' buy a shoe store
and shop; owner going north. 229 Vx 4th st.
, WHEELWRIGHT wanted. 1522 San Bruno
road.
SHOEMAKER wanted on ! repairing; steady
work. 621 Sacramento st.
WANTED — An experienced plumbing Jobber.
J. L. BOWEN & SON. 633 Mission st.
BARBER — For sale. 2-chalr shop. Inquire 402
Brannan St., near Third. -
WANTED — Boy for wholesale house; chance to
advance. Box 1745. Call . office.
BARBER shop and laundry office, with two
living rooms; rent $10.; 921 Harrison st.
ALL sizes men's, shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
2000 PAIRS oX new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty.. E.A; Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
¦ Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
. to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. •
WINCHESTER House.- 44 Third st.. near Mar.
k*t — 200 rooms. 25c night; r*adlng-rooms ; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - established at 1096
• Valencia st. ¦ • . ¦ J •'--••..- - : .
HORSES AMD WAGOMS.
THREE well-matched stylish carriage teams,
average weight 2500 pounds: perfectly train-
ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 hands,
average weight 2450; six work horses, average
weight 1400, and six fine large driving horses.
Just -from the country: these are all well
broken; trials given. Call at OCCIDENTAL.
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G LAYNG Pro-
prietor. 246 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 How*
' ¦ ard st.
BLACK mare. 1100 pounds. 6 years old; 1 bay.
-1175 pounds, 7 years old; very handsome;
good roadsters; $200 and $175 respectively.
561 Sixteenth St., Oakland.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 at m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — One team 7-year-old. Jet black, well
matched horses, weiging about 140O pounds
each, i For further information apply to J.
B. COSTA, Duttons Landing, Cal.
BIG ranch horse, $30; single truck harness,
$15; strong fruit wagon. tlOO; buggy. 79
City Hall ave.
YOU can find what you want In the horse lin*
at STEAVART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
. . *t.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard— Just arrived,
several fine- road and * business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
j slon begins -June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. C10 Golden Gate ave!
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons buckboard sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horses. lSth&Valencla.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 832 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET. "
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$30— SUNNY modern 2-story bay-window houss
of 7 rooms and bath. 720 Broderlck st.
HOUSES WASTED— PURSISHED.
TO .exchange, a furnished city (residence for
one ln San Rafael for two mo^hs.* 537, Call.
MEN i^ <Fair Oak s)— New cottage. 7 rooms
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary;
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST r, BIac l5 le^rp^ercontainlng ~jnon*jT.
in Fischer's Theater. Lea,ve at office of
theater or at 1710 Clay st.T reward?
111 " 1 *° 21W Call *>"> 1 * «£
side. 312 Minna gt.: reward.
L^?,^ Bet T en o * Oaklan<J and San ' Francisco.
KeTt™ r, $ l 5 ,- Ma y ,=*: reward. , M. . J.
- Jvii.ijL<fc.R, Oakland.
L< ?^Tl~? n . i r * ln betw een Sausallto and San
Rafael, lady a purse, containing $20. Finder
rw 8 '™"^" 1 t0 MRS ' A -M. PINGREE.
Corte Madera. Marin County; reward.
¦ VT x^!}' l J^ to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
Y "' >'-•- ' -'¦ MEDICAL.-:
' A u? R T °;pONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist.— Ladles, all who are sick or ln trouble.
, consult/th^ specialist on f«male complaints;
menstrual .female complaints positively cor-
rected; tho unfortunate .helped; relief In all
- cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
nave relieved thousands of most obstinate
casts; free, confidential advice on all subjects
' V Sfr»?T cate natur *- , DR. G. W. O'DON-
office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. SWEET. , 606 5 Guerrero, nr. TithTtTa
graduate of. Royal University Berlin has 25
years experience in midwifery cases; all who
are sick or In trouble consult me before goins
elsewhere; take* ladles beforo and durln* con-
- flnement; best motherly care; Infants adopted;
;. confinements, $15;. room & board. $5 week;
¦-. 2 .to help for room and board. ¦ Tel> Blue 411.
MRS. DR: KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist;. instant relief guaranteed; home in
' ?S n or netnen V hour8 '» to 6 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market! st. .opp. 6th and nr. Powell.
MRS DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
clalist; 30 years', experience: private home In
. confinement. Moved to 728 Post St., nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN.*, ladles* reliable speclaf-
Ut; maternity hospital; home for infants freo;
fee low. 900'Market st., opp. Emporium.
J^IIKLT* \WANTEP-— -MALE^CoB.^^
'A— . . . . • FREE — TO-DAY — FREE ..... .". .
. MURRAY & READY.:.. 634 and 030 Clay st.
..... ...Phone; Main 5848 ...........'.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
• ••...:. ....Office: Open 7 ,&. m •"•
Come get our dally list of 9203 places in all
parts of California, Oregon, Utah, Nevada.
, Arizona. Hawaiian ' Islands, Washington,
British Columbia and other States...'.
¦ •••' .'Free .Fare To-Day to. .-....'......
Reno, Vista Delta. EIko, ¦ Iron Point, Wads-
- worth, - Rokeby, : Battle Mountain and all
' other Nevada and Salt Lake divisions. point3
where railroad work is being done for S. P.
and C. P. R. R., for good help, as..........
ouu laborers. : ; 187 drillers
555 teamsters. .187 harhmersmen
,09 plow ¦ holders. . . : . . . . . . .' 0 stonemasons
: 68 car dumpers .....36 concrete laborers'
-Wages $2,, $2 25. $2 50. $2 75, $3, $3 25,
$3 CO, $3 75. $4 day.......:.:.... ...
Crowds going Free fare Are you
Office fee only $1. ........ ;No other expenses
20 MEN.. ....... ARIZONA......... 20 MEN
20 teamsters in mining district of Arizona
and 2 blacksmiths.. $2 and fd.; $60 and fd.
.......... MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith, no shoeing..,"... $2 50 to $3 day
19 blacksmiths and 12 helpers, located all
.over California.. $3 50, $3, $2 50, $2 day
Some for shops,' 1 sawmills, camps, mines, etc.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs.... ..$90
. 6 brick molders; house painter, country Job,
: private corporation . work $3 day; . 2 lead
burners, $3 50 daj>; foreman, $2 50 day, and
many: other mechanics. i
....SAWMILLS, WOODS, YARDS, ETC....
. ..WE PAY YOUR FARES— SHIP DAILY..
286 men to do laboring work, no experience
required, you'll suit, for general work in
mills, yards, wharves, woods, etc., wages $30,
$35, $40 and fd., steady Jobs and you will be
advanced in work and wages if you prove sat-
isfactory, exceptionally good mills; 12 men
to pile lumber, call early, $60; 30 men to
pile lumber, $30, $35 and fd.: drag sawyer;
25 men fo work In woods, $35 and fd. up; 5
rough carpenters, $60 and f d. ; 5 crosscut saw-
yers. $40 and found; 12 barkers, $40 and fd.;
23 Jackscrewers, $45 and fd. ; 19 chain tend-
ers, $45 and fd. ; 0 setters, $3 day; 5 graders;
5 gang edgermen, $65 and f d. ; 3 trimmers, $50
and found, and all other classes of help used
in mills, yards, wharves, woods, etc., wanted,
located from the peaks of Shasta Mountain
to the 'bay of Santa Barbara, from San Ma-
teo County to the Nevadas on the east, and
other States : ...'.....
.:......... GOLD AND SILVER
:....:...-.... OTHER MINES •
28 • laborers, no experience required, various
mines, $40, $45 and found, some $60
6 miners, north, 8 hours. $90
10 laborers, ; mining company, first- class Job
"•. $50 and found
' 20 muckers for various mines $75
19 : miners, various mines '....*-
• ...... ....$70 and found and $90
, ••-. ALSO ..'
139 haymakers and mowers, $35, $40 and fd.
• 286 farmhands, vineyard, orchard, etc
86 cheese and butter makers and milkers,
etc. ;. .$35 and found
15 fruit pickers.... ,......:.
' 2 milkers, Oregon, fares paid
....385 LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS
Located In San Francisco and all over Cali-
fornia, Arizona, many factory and manufac-
turing places, $2, $2 50 day, come, select
. place; 5 men and wives for ranches; team-
ster, lumber wagon.' $15 week, city Job; 35
• ranch teamsters, $35 and found; 26 stable-
men, hostlers, buggy washers, coachmen, gar-
. . deners and general choremen around private
> residences, $25, $30 and $35 and found, $50,
$60; hay balers; 29 choremen and boys for
ranches, etc.; 19 boys to learn trades; 29
section hands, S. P. R. R.; 186 scraper team-
sters; 69 laborers for brick yards, etc. ;. man
and wife, farm, south...... -.
••• HOTEL DEPARTMENT :...
3 bakers, country Jobs $45 and $50 and fd
' 3 bakers' helpers. :
........ 0 porters, bell and elevator . boys
46 cooks for 'hotels, - restaurants, cafes,
saloons, ranches, camps, mines, hay presses,
etc., $75, $65. $G0. $S0, $45. $35, $30. $25
and found ,
26 dlshwashere..$15,-$20, $25, $30, $35 and fd
36 waiters........ $25. $30, $35, $40 and found
2 Janitors,. $40. 2 butchers
..For all other help come and get our list;.
. Roustabout for mine boarding-house
:."...... .?.....; ...$30 and found
1901 WE GAVE MURRAY & READY.
87.000 MEN WORK 634-636 Clay at..
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
59 3d Et., near Call bldg.; phone Bush. 405
....Teamsters and laborers xor railroad....
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA......
Free lare ...Free fare
... Oince fee $1; . no other expenses
100 teamsters... $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men $2 25 to »2 60 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
Mendocino County..... Big sawmill
bo railroad laborers. .$26, per month & board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
$2« • to *B5 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY.......... FARE ADVANCED
. . . . . .'. . FOR LUMBER WOODS
•2 barkers $4o per month and board
J 2 crosscutters $46 per month and board
2 chaintenders .$45 per, month and board
4 barkpeelers. .. ... .$45 per month and board
2 Jackscrewers.... ..»45 per montn and board
2 nead tree i el lera. ..>5u .per rnontn and board
- « ( swampers. . . .' $35 per month- and- board
FOR « AVv MILL
2 head setters .:. ...fS'per day
10 lumber pilers $40 per month and board
6 carpenters, ¦ company work, long Job......
-•• .....'.: ..; $3 50 per day
5 structural steel men....*: f,i 50 per day
: KANCH HANDS
. ,2 teamsters, ranch,' $35 per month and round;
• 10 men to pick cnernes, $1 day and board;
150 hay hands, $1 25 to $1 60 per day and
'board; man and wne. small . ranch, $4tJ per
month; 5 women to pack irujt, ;nD per day.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, G38 Clay.
• Phone Main 1191. ¦ ¦ '
500 teamsters, concrete "men, rockmen. steam
shovel dumpers .'.$2 25 to $1! 50 per day
FREE FARE— SHIP MONDAY .......
; To Wadsworth. Rokeby, Battle Mountain.
Palisade and Carlin; ship direct; fee $1....:..
. l'i 5 (railroad men;-S. P.: Co.'s own work;
Coast Road; free tare; ship Monday. ...:.¦...
To San Luis Oblspo, Edna, Cuesta, Goleta,
Spense, Bradley. and San Ardo
: lv men lor Santa Ke Co.'s own work..$l 75
. 20 boy a to learn trades. ... .$4 to') $9 per week
0i» laborers and miners. .. .$1 75 to $2 50 day
32 laborers, carmen and quarrymen, south
.............. ..... $2 to $2 50 per day
10 woodchoppers ...$2 50 per cord
Clerk, quick at figures, see boss here......
, v $2 50 per day
1 ; 1 ; - ironmolder .$3 per day
l'bus driver .¦..............$30 and found
1 carriage painter ...$3 per day
. 1 carriage blacksmith ..$.'» per day
1 German porter, see boss here. .$25 & found
'« tlemakers, Mendocino Co... $35 and found
; 3 tie sledders, Mendocino Co... $40 and foun.l
. 11 tlemakers, Mendocino Co.. 12c to 18c each
\ Many other positions. J Call and see ' our
bulletins. , - ' .-.' - . . . .
ANDRE'S OFFICE,. 316 STOCKTON ST. . •
• Cook fpr institution, ' near city. $40; second
cook for springs, $60; cook on . a ranch $25;
man to milk few cows, make butter and do
.chores. $30; teamsters for ranch, $25 to $30;
dishwasher, "near, city, $30; assistant pastry
cook, $30, etc. . X
ADWRITING, Illustrating, proofreading. Jour-
nalism, bookkeeping, stenography, -taught by
mall, free; graduates guaranteed positions.
Pay no tuition until we secure permanent
employment.. Write for free tuition contract,
• "mentioning subject .you wish to study Cor-
: respondence Institute • of America B240
, Scranton, Pa. - , '
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
, of United States.' of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery st., San
Francisco, or Masonic building,, Sacramento.
W"anted— Trustworthy person in each county to
.manage business established house solid flnan-
. cial standing; bona : fide wpekly cash salary:
$18 paid each Wed., with all expenses, direct
from headquarters ; monpy advanced 'for ex-
" penses. • Manager. 359 Caxton bldg., -Chicago.
WANTED — Young man 17 to 18 years old with
. good references; steady position. E MES-
: SAGER. 145 Post. st.
WANTED — Steady, man to keep plain accounts
essist in light work; will pay $t'5 per month;
V must have $100/705 Market St., room 3. '
WANTED-^-Lady - or gentleman -who under-
. 'stands the florist business;; must have small
.capital. Apply 600 Halght..
DAY cook wanted at 13S7 Valencia st.; call
; : earl x. ,'¦':¦' ' '_ ' ' ..." ¦ '
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, porters. ¦ kitchen
,' - help for restaurants. ¦¦¦ 526 Montgomery st. •
DISHWASHER .wanted at 106 Second st.; call
early. • :--.¦-. ¦ . ,- : .- , •¦_ . .
A POTWASHER wanted at 907, Kearny st.
WANTED— A good barber; Saturday, 10, and
; Sunday; 'wages $5. ' 1046 Polk ;st. ¦
WANTED — Strong, honfest boy; . wajes $6 ner
' -.week. -.1512. Polk- st. :-..¦¦'. . '¦¦ ; . . ; ,-
WANTED— Bootblack for Saturday and Sun-
day. 202 : Fourth st. ' .."¦;. \i .
WAKTED^-First-class ¦"'.. restaurant butcher.
.Breuss. Cafe, 7Q , Third st. \ <-i:
WANTED — Experienced domestic ". salesman.
. -Apply : between 8 and' 11 ' a:", m..'. at ,HALE
.;. bros.v, . ..¦/ ,| .'.-"¦; ¦ ¦-'-¦.. ..¦ '
WANTED— Young I man who . is an '•xperienced
:' crockery .'and glass*, ware 'wrapper. -Apply
; ; between 8 and 11 a._ m.' at HALE ¦ BROS.', ,
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
,' dry goods wrapper. .Apply .between S and 11
, a. .m.- at HALE BROS."
WANTED— Salesman for retail • tea ¦ and coffee
V business; one experienced; in selling groceries
'.i '- and < crockery ' preferred; •' steady •? position - to
? right 'Party. '-Box '481, .Call; office. - ' ;•
• WANTED — Strictly » sober, reliable young man
..- with 1 . $125 -cash; light .contracting -business-
no experience necessary : < pays $70 month ; 30
, days' trial. 'BROWN & CO.; 1221 Market at.
'Al CUTTER -wanted . on - cloaks. Address box
¦ .'. 613, V Call.', - ¦¦ .".' - '. ¦: - ¦ - - ¦ ••-¦ '. - -• ¦ - :';.. :
CLERK -for. grocery . store; .'experienced man
; . only; NW,: cor. Fulton and . Webster sts. ' ,; HANFORD, ; May 30.— Memorial; dayj was
observed 'generally by ; the people of Kings
County. -There was a parade hereof tha
Grand.. Army ¦. of i' the Republic, - the Wo-
In Kings County , Towns.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May. 30.—
President; David Starr | Jordan, Mrs. Jor
dan ' anQ their \ Bon, i Kni&ht, ; are to ' sail
from San; Francisco on June 12 tor the
Samoan: Islands.. Dr. Jordan will spend
the summerjnvestisatlng tne marine life
in the vicinity of Tutuila for the United
States Fish Commission. He will be as
sisted in the work by. Professor Vernpn L.
Kellogg of the: entomology department,
who, with Professor. Robert Allardice , of
the department of mathematics, will join
the party at Honolulu. Although it is. the
intention of the scientists to spend: the
major portion of their time on the ichthy-
ology of the region, they expect to. cover
in a general way. allphases that may be
of interest to zoology.. The expedition will
reach home on August 25th.
Dr. Jordan, Going to Samoa.
. SAN RAFAEL., May 30.— Harry Kat
acke, a brakeman on the North ~ Shore
Railroad, was killed < to-night nearr Sau
salito. Katacke was' engaged in switching
cars in the railroad yard.. A' long line of
empty cars -was, being backed up to the
railroad shops and when rounding a curve
the -first car jumped, the ".track. The
brakeman, who was standing on the. front
platfprm, was thrown violently to "the
ground and struck by the oncoming train.
Both' legs were < severed ¦ and - he . lived but
two hours after the', accident occurred.
Katacke was 37 years old and unmarried.
His parents reside in Oak Cliff, Tex. •
North. Store - Brakeman Killed.
CORONA, May 30.— Circle Lodge No. 377,
Independent Order, of Odd . Fellows, laid
the ' cornerstone of its new brick hall on
East Main street ' this afternoon. The
members met at 2 o'clock and formed for
a parade, headed by the" Corona City Band"
and accompanied' by. thirty members of
Starlight Rebekah- Lodge. The principal
streets were included in ¦ " the C line of
march to . the opera-house, where an in
teresting programme was carried out, the
principal features being the addresses of
welcome by Mayor Compton, a vocal solo
by Mrs. E. P. Gruwell of Riverside, and
the oration by C. B. Webster. 1 Then the
cornerstone was laid at the new hall site.
Fifteen hundred persons : witnessed the
ceremony. . . ¦; „ ;vf :
Odd Fellows Dedicate Hall.
Bullard lived at 275 Shipley street, San
Francisco. His widow and two children
survive him.
Bullard was oiHngr the shaft mechanism
of the steamer when his clothing became
entangled with: a projecting bolt and he
was thrown down, striking on. his head
and becoming unconscious. He fell under
the shaft and before the machinery could
be stopped his skull was battered to frag
ments.. . • • . . .
SEATTLE, May 30.— Samuel Bullard , an
oiler on- the steamship Valencia,' was ac
cidentally killed while at work on the ves
sel on Tuesday. The Valencia, arriving
here to-nigrht from San Francisco, landed
the body, to be | returned, to . Bullard's
home, as» . ¦ . - .
Killed on Voyage Up the
Samuel Bullard of San Francisco Is
OILER MEETS HIS DEATH '
0N ( STEAMSHIP VALENCIA
Herbert's appointment will probably not
bo announced until the remains of Lord
Pauncefote arrffe In England. ' The only
question in regard to'Herberfs selection
is the approval of . King Edward. His
Majesty is taking a keen personal interest
In the matter of >Lord Pauncefote's suc
cessor, but he will not be asked officially
to confirm or disapprove the candidate of
the Foreign Office until the period of time
during which the Government pays re
spect to the late Lord Pauncefote has
elapsed. :
LONDON, May 3O.-The Hon. Michael
Henry Herbert, .who is nominally Secre
tary to the British Embassy at Paris, will
probably be the next British Embassador
to the United States in succession to the
late Lord Pauncefote. y. .-.¦,
to Succeed to Place of Paun
cefote. - !/VV.
Diplomatic Secretary at- Paris Likely
MICHAEL HENRY HERBERT
- MAY BE EMBASSADOR
To carry out the project the three men
to-day Incorporated the Washington and
Oregon Electric Railway. Light and Power
Company,, with a capital stock of. W.500,-
W°- , The City Councils of Walla Walla,
Fendleton, Dayton and smaller towns have
been asked for • franchises. Farmers
through whose lands the road, will pass
are willing to donate right-of-wav.. :JThe
promoters say work will be started soon.
TACOMA, May 30.— San Francisco cap
ital, represented by JR. W. Bachrach and
H. Mellmann of San Francisco and F. B.
Rome of Walla Walla, has undertaken axi
immense project, which will do more
toward developing . Eastern Washington
and Oregon than anything attempted in
recent years. They will build a broad
gauge electric, railway. traversing Colum
bia and Walla Walla counties, Washing
ton, and Umatilla County, Oregon, - there
by connecting the most thickly settled
portions.of that region. The counties are
inhabited, by expert farmers and fruit
growers, who have each year an immense
amount of produce \ to ship to market.
The road will carry both freight and pas
sengers. . - . .
Oregon and Washington
¦¦ ;^:f Project.
San Francisco Capital Back of nn
ELECTRIC BATT.BOAD TO
CONNECT TWO STATES
THE SAN EBANCISCP CALL, : SATURDAY, MAY 31, 1902; ,-•
13
nEAL^ESTAT&-^ITY~F<m^gAJJB.
EXECUTOR'S SALE . -
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE , . .
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE " AT AUCTION .
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
BY ORDER OF THE
EXECUTORS OF THE
ESTATE OF „„_ \ .
ADOLPH SUTRO. DECEASED. •
• THURSDAY. JUNE 5th. 1902,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
AT SALESROOM, 10 MONTGOMERt ST.
' "C'f ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
AEHBURY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS. £
-
197 marine view lots
for home seekers,
bargain hunters
Investors.
MUST BE SOLD ¦'-Sjl >;ii'»
TO PAT DEBTS. "",:
SUBJECT ONLY TO
#IoBAT r E IJOP :r - r
THESE BEAUTIFUL
LOTS FRONT ON
ASHBURY. CLAYTON.
SIXTEENTH STS. AND
TREMONT AVE.
LOOK OUT FOR " i
BARGAINS.
-— — — ' ' /
SAN MATEO ELECTRIC CARS ALONG f
ASHBURY ST. PASS THE PROPERTY. I
MASONIC AVE. AND HAIGHT ST. V
LINES ONLY -A FEW BLOCKS DISTANT^
UNSURPASSED VIEW OF OCEAN.
PARK, GOLDEN GATE AND CITY.
'"'"'-" -'«fi- '"- ¦ • d
TERMS CASH. ' js|' n
HIBERNIA BANK .^1*"
WILL LEND- ntS£
Tol" U I Y V ERS OF EELUNQ PMCB i;
T^U^SD^?.^ 1 *&»***.
JUNE 6th. AT 12 O'CLOCK. , .
"-. -".. BALDWIN & HOWELU .
• 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE BY THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
5 Montgomery! Bt.
•,«-»* , SPECIAL BUYS.
919,750 — Leavenworth at., close to town:
no car fare; two *ood building* of six fiats;
rents $142 a month,
810,000— Fillmore at. near Paclfio Heights;
Pine two-story bay window residence, with
lot 32x105: a ¦Dlendid buy.
*6500— Jessie st.. downtown: 25x70; rents
f40 a month.
$6000— Nfi. cor. Flllmore and Green: 41x
87%; fine view; electric cars passing; street
work done.
$7500— NE. cor. on Vallejo at.. 34x137%:
good neighborhood; fine view; Vallejo et.
bltumenlzed.
$7200 — Devisadero-st. cor.. S2xlO8; fln« cor-
ner; street work. - sewer and sidewalk all
done.
$7000— Clay-st. residence, near Van Ness:
8-story house, nine rooms and bath: good,
central location; rents for $40 a month.
$1700— Washlngton-st. lot. near Presidio
Heights, 28x127; street macadamized; this
la a very cheap lot..
MOST up-to-date houses in the city: If you are
looking for a swell residence or flats for in-
come, see the beautiful buildings I am Just
completing on Union and Stelner ets.; 13
sold, only 8 left: large reception halls and
living rooms; brick mantels, hardwood floors,
marble stairs, fine plumbing; the finest colon-
ial houses in the city: also a residence of 6
rooms; NW. corner Twenty-fifth and Dia-
mond Ets. : lot 35x80; price only $3700; also
good Income property. No. 4079 24th st. ; great
map; price $7000. For terms apply on prem-
ises or 26 Montgomery «t., room 8. S. A.
BORN, -builder and dealer In real estate.
$4S50 — AT a, sacrifice to prevent foreclosure;
lot and 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms; near corner
Twenty-first, and treat ave.: this property
must be sold. . Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery st.; room 8. ' ' '. i
$4500 — TO prevent foreclosure, at. a sacrifice ;
lot 25x90; Improvements two-story house of
8 rooms on Flllmore st.. near corner of '
Haight. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 21 Mont-
gomery et.. room 3. . -¦ ¦
SACRIFICE: — House 8 rms., $1400: terms' same
as rent. Apply Alabama and Montcalm sts.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sal*
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
- Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre. . on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean, Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and jreneral farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. : 302 California st., for
pamphlets and Information.
FARMS,- ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty, and Min-
lng Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
LAND bargains: new catalogue sent ' free
WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY.
634 Market irt. .
$650 — SAN JOSE cottage. 5 rooms, barn; must
be sold for half its value. Address J. RUBEL
1209 Eagle ave., Alameda. .
FOR SALE— Good paying roadhouse; bargain.
Apply Call office.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges tim-
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
CITY OP RICHMOND.
OFFICIAL map of the City of Richmond mailed
free. RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.). 183
Crocker building. San Francisco.
FOUR big lots near business center, cheap
A, N. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg. ; see owner 1-4.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
* 'ALAMEDA. REAL .?. S .TAT?; .
ADMINISTRATOR'S REAL ESTATE
AUCTION SALE
'-.-', of the
CHOICE BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE
PROPERTY
Of the Late Mrs. W. A. Jenner.
Sale on the Premises.
SALE! — SATURDAY. May 31, at 4 p. m:
The first piece of property - that will be sold
is situated on Santa Clara ave., between Oak
and Park sts., lot 75x150, with two houses on
same; will be • subdivided to suit purchaser.
The second piece of- property that will be
cold- is a house of- six. rooms, with lot, lo-
cated on Webb ave.. near Park st.
.This is a grand chance to get a fine piece
of • Alameda business property. The same
must and will be sold to settle up the estate.
EDWARD B. LYMAN, Administrator.
A. F. ST. SURE, Attorney for the Estate.
J. A. MUNROE & CO., Auctioneers.
Office, 1501 Park St.. Alameda. Cal.
Tel. Grand 176.
ALAMEDA FLATS.
FOR RENT — Furnished house, 9 rooms. $55;
inferences. 925 Santa Clara ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. "
MODERN 6-room house in a choice locality;
only one block from the electric cars and 2
blocks from the station; lot 50x135; number
of fruit trees and beautiful flower garden;
street work all done; this is a bargain; price
$2100: terms to suit. HOME REALTY CO.
Good 6-room cottage on a large lot. 3 blocks
from the station: street work all done; good
locality; beautiful flower garden; price $1800:
very easy terms; look this up.
HOME REALTY CO. r
' New up-to-date house of 8' rooms with 'all
- the latest conveniences: best locality in
Berkeley; etrect work all done; 1 block from
the car line: must be seen to be fully appre-
ciated; price $2500. For terms apply at the
«>^ fice - . ..I; HOME --REALTY. CO.- .
New colonial house of C large rooms, bath
etc.; everything up to date;. 2 blocks from
the station; nice surroundings; price S2200-
$100 down, balance $20 per month.
HOME REALTY CO .
J. R. PERKINS & H. W.CARRIGER.Mg™
Open Sundays. Lorin Station, Berkeley. Cal.
Joeeph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent-
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.'
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience bath
etc; easy payments. MURDOCK.;514 Pine!
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly)
.The Naw Century write for sample
copies and book list to the Theoaophical Pub-
lishing Co.. "Point • Loma. Cal., international
headquarters of 4 "Universal Brotherhood and
Tbeoeophlcal Society.
a native of County .TlDperary, Ireland, aged
G7 years. ', ¦ - . . .
E3 1 " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to • attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ; 2091 , San Bruno avenue.- near Cort-
land avenue, thence to i St. John's Church
, (formerly old St. Mary's College), where a sol-
. emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the-
¦ repose of his • aoul, commencing at 9:30
' o clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLER — In this city. May 30, 1O02, Ramon,
' beloved son of Charle* A. and Catherine
Keller, a native'of Fan Francisco, aged 10
years 2 months ! and jl3 day b. . •
LOAGUE— In the City | and County Hosoital,
May 30.- 1902, Margaret : Loague, a native-
. of Massachusetts, aged 40 years. :
McGINTY — In this city. May 29, 1902, John,
beloved son of Ellen and the late James Mc-
Ginty, and brother of James/ Charles and
Hugh McGinty and Mrs. William Reed, a
. native 'of Virginia City, Nev.. aged. 33 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the- parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem, high mass will- be celebrated tor tho
repose,of his soul, commencins at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEE— In this city, May 28, 1902. Lysle W.,
beloved son of Susan" and the late A. J.
MeKee.i and brother of Mrs. F. Hellman.
Mrs.. Jessie Redfleld and Alfred McKee. a
. native of California, aged 29 years. - - "" •
m"Friehd8 and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral to-day
"(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
-of Halstedt,* Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riage. . ,• ;
O'BRIEN— At St. Vincent's, San Rafael, May
29, 1902, John T.. beloved son of the late
Timothy and Lucy O'Brien, and dearly be-
loved cousin of , May Murphy and Denney
.O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years 11 months and 23 days. (Boston,
Mass., papers please copy.) ¦
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
- of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
— sion' street, thence to Sacred Heart Church
J for services. Interment Holy Cross Cemc-
¦ tery.\ ¦-.-.'_> - • _¦
O'DONNELL — In this city, May 29,
Hugh, beloved husband of Catherine O'Don-
nell, and father of Bernard, George, Mary,
Annie, Katie, Hugh and the late Joseph
O'Donnell, -a native of Buncrana. County.
Donegal, Ireland, aged 50 years 5 months
• and 7 days. ¦ . / •- - .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . ,
WYNN— In this, city. May 30.' 1902, James
Wynn, beloved Son of - Elizabeth and the
late William Wynn. and brother of William
' -J. 'and John E. \Vynn,- a- native of x San
Francisco, aged 35 years 4 months and 12
days. . . .
Florisf Co.
¦^ / ARTISTIC -FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .\
107 POWELL ST.MtAKELUS 2SE 5056
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Marfeet Street )
'imAT« — Fbom A?»il 20. 190S. — abbit»
7X0> Benlcla, Sulaun, Elmlr.-t »ad Sacra- ,
menta ;.. 8.55*
' 7.00a Vac» vine. Winter*, Ramsey- 7.S5p
730a Mmine*. San Ramon, Vallejo.
Nspa^Callstoga. Santa Boss. 6-25?
8.00a Davis, Woodland. KnlxnU Landing.
Marytrille. Orovllle 7.55p
8-OOa Atlantic Express— Ogden anil East. 825 a
8.00a .Mies. Latarop, Stockton X25f
8.00a Klles. Mendota, Hanford. Vlaalia.
Portervliio * 4 55*
8.30a Shasta Express— Da»ls. Williams
. . (for Bartlett Soring*), Vrtllowa,
Red Bluff, Portland «•" 7-55P
8.30a San Joae, Llrermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacrnaiento, Plvcervllle, .
MarysTille. Chtco, Red Bluff 4.25p
, 8.30a Oakdale,CMne$e,Sonor«.Tuolnmne 4.25p
9.00a Vallejo ] 12.25p
9.00a Loa Angeles Expre«» — Marline*. ; j:,-
i. - Tracy, LathropJitocSton^Merced. -
• . Kaymond, Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25 A
9-30a Tallejo, Martinez and War Stations 7-55?
HO.OOa Hayward, Niles and Way Stationa.tl2.SoP
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
¦ ' - Denver, Omaha. Chicago. B.ZSP
ti.OCP Sacramento IUtct Steamers...... ..til-OOP
3-OOp Benlcla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knlghta Landing.
MaryavUle, OrovUle.;.... 10.55a ¦
330p Hayward. Nlles and Way Station*.. 7.55p
400? Martlnez,San Ramon.ValleJo.Xapa,
CallstOga. Santa Itosa 9.25a
v 4-OOp Nllea, Llvermore. Stockton, Lodi.. 12.2SP
4.30P I!ayward,Klle8,S3nJoae,LiTerciore tS.oo a
' 4-30p The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
¦ : - BakersCeld.- Saugnsfor Banta
Barbara, Lo* Angelea 8.55a
B.OOp PortCostvTracy.Lathrop.Stockton 10.25a
6-OOp Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Raymond. Fresno 12-25p
t5.3OP Nlles Local * 7 25a
B.OOp Hiyward, Nlles and San Joae 7.55a
tfl.00> Vallejo 11.25a
S.OOp Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4 25p
7.00p Saa Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations. 11.25a
J7.00p Vallejo 755p
8.05p Oregon & California Express— Sac- - ( ¦ , -¦
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8-55 a
t9.1QP Hayward and Nlleg t1155A
COAST LfNE Oarrow Gauge). .
¦ (Foot ol Markot Street.) ¦
17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion tS-CaP
8-15a Newark, Centervllle. San Jose, ¦ ¦ j^-
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6--50P
t2-15p Newark. Centenrllle, San Jose. .
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek.-Sanu Cruz and Principal
¦ War Stations..... 10.50a
. 4-15P Newark, San Jo«p. tog Gatos t8-50A
>4.15p San Jose. LosOacoa. Santa Crua... c8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN fBANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 1?:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. LOO 3C0 5.15p.m.
From O<5lKLAND, Foot of Broadwaj — 16:00
t3:0a 13:00a.m. 1200 200 4.0DP.JI.-
COAST LINE (Broad Hmngej.
¦• ¦ (Third and Townaend Streeu.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations. 6.40a
t700A San Jose an* Way btatlona. +800a
7.00a New Al"naden.. /4.10P
}7.15a Monterey Excursion I3.30p
' 800a Const Line Limited — Saa Jose, - - < ;
Gl'.roy. Saltnaa, San Lais Obiapo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10 45p
8. 00a San Jose, Trea rinos. Santa Cruz. . -•
Pacific Grove. Salinas. San Lnia
Obispo and Principal Intermedl- "
ste Stations 4-10p
10.33a Ban Jose and Way Stations.. - 83Sa
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
o1.30p San Joae and Way Stations a7C0*
t245.P San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
_.• • Santa Clara, Saa Jose. Trea
Finos, Santa Cruz, Salinas-, Del
Monte. Monterey and Pacific
i Grove ...t1045*
5.30P SanJose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove.
Santa Cruz and Way Starlons. . .. 7.30?
t4-15P San Jose and PrtncipalWay Stations 5.30p
tSCO? San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WayStatlon* t9.00A
B30p San Jose aad Principal Way Stations 6.30P
6.30? Sna Jose and Way Stations 7-3C*
7.00p New Orleans Express— San Luia
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An- ' •'
reles, Demlnir. El Paso, New '
Orleans and East. 10-30*
«H.45l» San Joae and Way Stations
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday escepted. - t Sunday only. ¦
• « Saturday only. e Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday
Sunday only.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. •
- .- ¦ ~ Local Llrn'dlOvrld Local
Daily Dany Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a O:0Oa 8:00 p 4:20 p
, Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
", Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 3:11 p
' "Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:30 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ......
•• Visalia.-l 3:39 p 5:00a ,
"' Bakersfldl 6:15 p 5:20p 7:45a
•« Kan/Cltyj 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago..! 2:15 p 9:0Op
a for morning. ! p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited,
carrying Palace Sleeping Can and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. - No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 7:05 a. rn. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. m. dally. . ..
8 p. - ra. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
¦ Palace . Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p.- m.
daily. -
' 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. ¦ .
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTERN RI CD
LESSEES
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAV COMPAJnr. -
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Mr^tiaet St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN UAFAEl-
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturday* — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m..
SUNDAYS — 8:TO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00 and 6:20 p. rn.
; SAN KAEAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK Di(YS— <»:<»/ 7:35. T:30. 9:20. 11:15
». m.; 12:00. 3:40. 6:00. 5:20 p. m. Sati«-
days— Extra trips at 2:05 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 P. m. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco! May 4. 1902. I San Francisco N
Week I Sun- I Desttaa- .' I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. 1 tlon. ( days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00* Ixnaclo [ 9:10 a 8:40 »
3:30 p 9:30* and 10:4O a 8:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p . Novato • 6:05 p 6:20 p
¦: 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluxna. 10:40 a 8:40 a>
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:03 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Roaa 7:3op 6:20 p
Fulton . . ¦
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburs 10:40 a
. ••.•«-> Lytton .- . /
... '. Gey«ervilla>
8:30 p 8;00 a Clovenlala 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al HopUnd 110:40 a|10:2O »
S:S0pr5:00p[ Uklah . f 7:35 pt 6:20p
7:30*18:00*1 Wlillf |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00*1 GuerneviUa | 7:35 p|10:20 a,
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Il0:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ' Sonoma ; I 9:10 al 8:40*
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al . Sebastopol 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p] I 7:35 p{ 6:20 p
• Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers and Boon evi lie; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelaeyvllle.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for. Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Pot-
ter Valley., John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's,
Buckncll's. Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr'j
Hot Springs. Half-way House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. . Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort -Brag?,
Westport. Usal;. at Wllllts for Sherwood. Cahts.
Covelo, Laytonville. Cummings, Bell's Springs,,
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepper wood. Scotia ana
Eureka. * ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •
• On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st. Chronicle build- j
tn fl. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. [
.. ¦ ' Cen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
• Leave Via Sausalito Ferry | Arrive
. San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- ,*.*„,... **.**„_ fun- Week
9:30a. 8:00 a. p^ s .- w- .^ n i«« M jno 12:15 f- »15a.
Wop. 9:00a. ia5». WBf. |
*13p. 10:00 A. k „„„,,. ; 3:30 P. o»5p^J
........ 11:30 A. ,^ lica Bf T|IAlF|!r 4.60 F. ~>~jjT.
!*!""!.* 2:30 p. QfMtfjtaK^Md. S-.15 r^jfxL.
lltUROHS OUT— t~»o Trrwn ihJn r. nilnSwrMtlnKllf. A
Tick.t 0O<M. «3X M A BUT STBBB* ui S ACS UJ^ UULX. , >Vj
Weekly CaD,§1.0p^pl^^^
OCEAN TBAVEL.-,
Pacific. Coast Steamsliip Co.
§L, Steamers leave * Broadway
BWibit. "Wharf, San Francisco:
8jn^_& ¦ For Ketchikan. Juneau.
lf!gJ^3Saei_ Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
: E_awl m - Ma y "• i 6 . 21 - 28 - 31 -
E&!ft5b_3 5Ssl June 5- Change to com-
ESSSlZmSKs,) pany's steamers at Seattle.
l r a *»Bg5sM .For Victoria, Vancouver,
PurU Townacnd. Seattle. Ta-
"^* coma, Everett, Whatcom —
11 a. m.. May 11. 16, 21. 26. Sl.' June 5. Change
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas,
ka and G.'N; Ry. ; at Seattle" or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
May 12. 17,, 22. 27.. June 1. .
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
- Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Sarrta" Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. •
State of California Thursdays. 9 a. ml
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey;. San Simeon.' Cayucos, San -Luis Obispo
(via Por» Harford). Ventura, Hueneme -and
•Newport (»Bonlta only). .
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. June T,
Bonita. 8 a. m., May 10. 18. 2C, June 3.
.' Fcr Enscnada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (M«.)— 10 a. m., 7th" each
month.. . . ' • ¦
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. -.;' ¦ ¦-•
TICKET OVUTCE- 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. G«n. P»ss. Agent.
. GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., G?n. Agents.
¦;%, • .-.< ' 10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR
_NOjJjlE direct.
LEAVE SEATTLE:
SENATOR 9 P. M.. JUNE 1
VALENCIA 0 P. M.. JUNE 7
¦And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEiVLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers.' Th<»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular. trips, to Nome last ytar,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
folder. ¦ apply TTOKET OFFICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel). ¦
CD. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
. 10 Market st.. San Francisco. .
O. R. & TV. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, 0r. f
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to AM
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails ..June 2. 12. 22. July 2
SS. GEO. W. ELDER SAILS.. June 7. 17, 27
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.,- 11 a. m.
D. AV. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y, S. F.
TOYO ;I ISEN KAISflA.
STEAIIERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and .Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo> received on board -on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. June 6, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, June 2S. 1002
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday, July 24, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
t _ W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
j4amburg-/kmerican.
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria..... June 17 IColumbia .". July 3
F. Bismarck... June 2CJF. Bismarck July 2i
TWIX-SCBBW PASSENGER SERVICE
• PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
Vic' Lulse June lOIPatrlcla .......June 17
Moltke . : .:.".. .June 10|Bluecher June 24
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
• HERZOG* & CO.. General Agents forPaciflc
Coast, 401 California st., San Francisco. \
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To "Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Dler 10, 12 m.
PALENA June 7.TUCAPEL July 1»
AREQUIPA ..iJune 27IGUATEMALA .Aug. 6
. .These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. -316 California street. ,
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE &CO., Gen. Agents!
AatAantftP £ K a* A ww *"- Mao *' AEtl
llCCClislCd.oXOc zeauno * md stdnet '
_ / DIRECT LINE TO MHIU
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
. '-. Saturday. May 31, 2 p. m.
SS. ' AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;'...
'. ; .Sunday. June 9, 10 a. m.
'SS. SIERRA,', for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, June 12, 10 a. m.
J. D. SFRECKILS k BEOS. CO., General Azts., 329 Marat
Gen'l Pass. Offlca, 643 xnket sl, Pier So. 7. Pacific sl
COMPAQNIE 6ENEKALE TRANSATLAHTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of iff, fflfm
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, •*¦¦««•
North River, foot of Morton street. - r
First clasa>o Havre,. $10 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES .and CAN.
ADA, , 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. ... J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents,. S Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by 'all.. Raiload Ticket Agents.
AMERICAX HXE.
, NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. -
St. Paul. .June 4, 10 amfPhiladel.June 18. 10 am
St. Louis. June 11. 10am | St. PauL June 23, 10 am
REV STAR LINK. «
NEW. YORK, ANTWERP, PARIS.
Zeeland. ..June 4, noonlSouthwrk.June 18, noon
Friesland.June 11, noonlVaderlnd.June 21, noon
INTERNATIONAL .NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AMD YALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MOHTICELLp
0:45a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. "Sunday. -9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m.- Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m... 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. : _^
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
north Ashore railroad."
Via Sausalito Ferry,
" Commencing April 27,' 1902. ¦
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
- . : AND SAN RAFAEL. ¦
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, »7:45. 8:45. »:30. 11:00
ra m.. 12:20, *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •8:15.
« : 45. 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. does, not
tun to Mill Valley.- ¦ ., /
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00. nO:©©, 11:00,
11730 a. m.. 12:30, *l:30, 2:30. »3:45, 5:00. 6:00.
7:30, 0:45, 11:45 p. m. , ;
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
AVEEK DAYS— 3:20. ¦•9:20. 7:40, 8:15, •9:30.
11:00 a. m., 12:25. 2:15. »3:30. 4:40. 5:30. «:48.
10 S^NDA^fS— 6:00. "S:©©. 9:30. "11:00 a. . nj .
•1200m:; 1:00, 2:15. »3;30. 4:15. »5:45. 6:45
7-30 10:15 p. m.: - • - - . ¦
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM- MILL VALLEY.TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:40, 6:40, 7:45,' 8:25. 8:4a.
11-10 a. m... 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 6:20. 7:lo!
10*15 'n. m. !¦' ¦• y
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55, 10:05, H:io k. m "
12T15; 1:20, 2:30. *:45. 5:00. 6:05. 7:13,TlO™"6
V ' m ' THROUGH TRAINS*. - . ;
"7:45 ..a. m. week-days — Cazadero and way
* t | t :l°5 M 'p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero , and > way
itatlons. ¦ . ¦ r-y ¦
. 6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays ezcepted)—
Tomales and way stations. - •-.,-
8:00 ar m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. - ' ''.:¦" - : - : - • • .
, 10:00 a; m. . Sundays — Point Reyea and way
stations. . . .,
Legal : Holiday boats and trains will . run oq
Sunday time J ___^_j : _j_^ .: tmmmmm
man's;. Relief Corps.; militia; bands, and
civic orders. • The- decoration programme
was ¦ interesting-. Jlev. "Will -A. Betts de-
livered : the . oration • in ¦ Hanford and S. S.
Mullin and : Rev. J. E. Page v made ad-
dresses at.Grangeville. All business houses
were closed.
T7SICAI. INSTRUMENTS-— Con.
¦LEAVING for London compels quick sacri-
fice of beautiful large 3-pedal upright piano.
__ aSQ Turk 6t. -'
|150— ELEGANT large size Fischer upright.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
l^TOTT may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
~ CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes et.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 831 Market Bt.—
Steck. Everett, Ludwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary Bt.
A FINE Steinway upright, .left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary St.
6NAP— 2 only, new, 5450; high-grade uprights,
_¦ dropped from catalogue,$250. Bruenn.2OSPost.
BYRON MAUZY, SOS-310-312 Post et-; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MVLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
ft.; tel. Bush 421.
Braes, iron beds; mattresses: P" 10 *, 8 -..""? 11 -^
shades. J.F. Hotter. 721 Mission : tel.Main .30.
M1KES_ANP MINING.
CHASTA County gold and copper mine— I have
660 shares of stock for eale In a very promis-
ing property: will take $100 for them, will
be worth twenty times the amount in less
than a year hence. Address box 581. uaii.
SMALL told mine, with mill: will Pay f «""
the etart; only small capital required, easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 1»<
Montgomery Et.. S. F._^__________________,
•*^ OFFICES AND STORES^TO LBT.
l^TORE. 30x30. fronting on "V'^l
Fremont and First, with good dry elevator
basement 40x90. Inquire 143 First gt.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific . P«lmls£, 615
Taylor gt., bet. Geary and Post;tel.Blac- 56L
~~~" PERSOXALS. '
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years- it cured hundreds of ailing women in
its first year and bas cured thousands of suf-
ferers even* year eince; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co..
' S304-6-S Van ave. ; phone East 282. San
Francisco.
AN elegact line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; wi:h these suits we make an extra- pair
of pa "¦"" free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth. -~-
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladles' tailor made suits, skirts,
shirtwaists, trimmed bats; cents' and boys'
cults, overcoats, bats; call, open account at
our cew store, C. F. ADAMS CO., 31S Mason.
SIRS. E. R. DUMAP. 34 Kearny St.— Re-
cpened; hair and scalp parlors: hair dressing,
manicuring, facial massage; skilled chlro io-
dy; advanced foot treatment taught.
ELECTRIC lljrht in every *Tooin— JVlnchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., neac Market: .00 rooms.
£5c to $1 50 per nlgbt; $1 SO to (6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from th« ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tune as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
e£ies positively cured by The- Willow Bark
yCo.. 1S39 Polk St.. S. F.; consultation free..
HAIR dressing any style, 25c; shampooing.
50c; saanlcurinK. 25c; switches, wigs and
front pieces. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton et.
TTHITD enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage ee-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St.. S^.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD A ROMAN'S. Fifth and .Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 2.
history greatest runt ever played; lOo poet-
paid. S. R. CHURCH, 807 R»n»ome St.. 8. F.
NOW ready — June stylet Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
tailor. 721 'Vyr-bet st.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAI/S. 10 Sixth St.
LIQUOR habit — A new. eafe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge- of patient. Ad-
dress P- O. box 552. Ean Joae. CaL
A— 43 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. H T8. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Keamy st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS S10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT l
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st,
A — If j-our hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.E.Moore.332 .O'Farreil; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
SPANISH lessons and translations. 613 Mc-
Allistcr st. ¦
RUPTURE cured: no operation, oaln or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26^ Keamy.
TAILOR-MADE eults. $7 60; dress pants. *2 50.
MiEflt Clothinsr Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
/ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
_M and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
™Mrs. Britrgs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumet. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
FITERFLCOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mra.Traverge.llTOMarket-
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all drugglste'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c aiyi 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTELN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
IjR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
bfst ccrn cure, 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 paces, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSECIAJTS AND SCRGEOS8. -
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation » no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
UK. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^ Market.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
KOTXCB TO CREDITORS — Estate of JEAN
HAPTISTE LEBLANC. also called J. B. LE-
liLANC, deceased. Notice U hereby given by
th<- undersigned. JOHN PARNHAM. Admln-
iniratot of the Estate of JEAN BAPTISTE
LEBLAXC, also called J. B. LEBLANC, de-
ceased, to the creditors of, and all persons
having claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit them with\the necessary vouchers,
within four months after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the said administrator
et room 79. Chronicle Building, the same be-
ing his place for the transaction of the busl-
tisff of the naid estate in the City and Coun-
ty of Kan Francisco, State of California.
JOHN FARXHAM, Administrator of the Ee-
tate of JEAN- BAPTISTE LEBLANC, also
called J. B. LEBLANC, Deceased.
__f* Dated at San Francisco, May 81. 1902.
W FRANK McGOWAN. Attorney for Admin-
> istrator, P.ooms 75, 79 and 80, Chronicle
Building.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS — Estate~of ANNA
fiTEIN. also celled ANNA EMILIE STEIN,
deceased. Notice Is hereby given by the un-
aers 'En*d. JOHN FARNHAM, Administrator
¦w..™ Estate- of ANNA STEIN, also called
A £ A EMI LIE STELV. deceased, to the
creditors of. and all persons having claims
ee&inst the said deceased, to exhibit them
witb the necessary vouchers, within four
months after the first publication of this no-
«T- to the said Administrator, at room 79,
Building, the same being his place
y ie * r *n s »-cti°n ar the business of the said
estate in the Cityand County of San Fran-
»'* C w Tf < ?. Ca! « orn 'a. JOHN FARN-
I^k- f inist !; at «\°f the Estate of ANNA
fiTEIN. also called ANNA EMILIE STEIN,
deceased.
Datfd at Ean Francisco. May 31 1902.
OARLTON W. GREEN. Attorney for Ad-
ministrator, Rooms 76 and 79, Chronicle
Building.
TYrEyTtrrERS Ayp SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRTTERS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; tflephoue Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriter* sold, rented, repair^?*
•^'ebster Typewriter Innpec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
TVrE\VRITlXC BIIMEOGRAPHIXG.
tV EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; eoples.~2c:mim~-
JT- feogmphing. »27 Markt. rm.305; Howard 1539.
~~~ vitaopathy".
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
Viinicnts or trouble of any kind? Try Vlta-
*nflthv ¦• ivan Mclaughlin. 1104 Mar-
2£ &QBM 11 & £f free treatment Wedaes.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS/
OFFICE, HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES. V
FOR RENT— Furnished., for 3 or 4 months, oho
of the most elegant . homes • in Oakland; on
very favorable terms to the right party. W.
E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth St., Oakland.
oakl^ndJ^furniturbs for sales.
FURNITURE good a^d^ieap^twrinontlK H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St., Oakland.
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
euite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park;- rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
• g" na StS. •;.'-•¦ ' ¦ / ¦ - - ' '
3 UNFURNISHED sunny housekeeping rooms.
518' Bryant st.
BRTANT, 1101—2 or 3 front rooms, complete
for housekeeping; cheap. ' ' .
FOLSOM, 834— Bay-window and kitchen, bath;
¦ also three furnished, separate or all together;
GOUGH. 115— Handsome sjinny bay-window
parlor, exclusive kitchen and bath. $20.
GROVE. 361 — 3 complete housekeeping rooms;
gas, bath, piano; adults; central; private fam.
HOWARD. 823-^Large front room, sunny,
light housekeeping; 'also single. .
HYDE. 408 — Sunny basement suite; rear; yard,
laundry, gas stove; $13; also large single rm.
JESSIE, 333 — Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nlshed for housekeeping; gas range; $12. ¦
MINNA. 281, corner i Fourth— Well • furnished
housekeeping rooms; also front room.-
NOE. ' 347---Three sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping ; no children.
OAK, 117— Newly fur. front suite; gas. ranged
. bath, laundry, phone, running water ;¦, $14.
THIRD, 415B— 2 furnished rooms; housekeep-
v ing? gas range;. bath; $12 50. -• ¦
THREE sunny furnished rooms for house-
¦ keeping; no children. Box 496. Call office.
VALENCIA. 1232 — Front alcove room; furnish-
ed light housekeeping; gas stove; bath; $12.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Oil advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st/ ..--¦¦ ¦ -
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vnlurn.
ANGELUS Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 Stockton St.. bet. Bush and Pine." .
ARGYLE Hotel. .234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Roomi,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
.week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old ' No; 1364)— Fur- .
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished. -
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, ' cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COMPLETELY ¦ furnished offices and rooms at
' 318 Kearny st. ; rent reasonable. ' • • .
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 nlgbt; $1 CO, $0 week; open all night.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-.
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; Sl 75 to $5 week; reading room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847— Single front room,
opposite park;. furnished; references required.
HOWARD, 969A— Nicely ¦ furnished rooms;
closet: gas; $1 50 week; gentlemen preferred.
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and Market— Fur-
. nished rooms, $4, $5 and $6 per month.
KEARNY, Front '<ulte two unfurnished
. rooms, $10; 4 rooms. $18; no children.
KEARNY, 418 — Lovely rooms and suites; rea-
sonable; select; transient solicited. »¦ '..
LARKIN, ¦ 804^ — Sunny front - furnished room,
$4 50; large back housekeeping room, $7.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night, -35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with' hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st!,
' near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
STEINER. 1325. cor. Ellis— 2 large sunny
¦ rooms; piano, gas stove, etc.; $18 per month.
TURK, 543 — Large front room; grate, gas and
bath; light housekeeping; $3 50 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦¦ : ¦
ROOMS WANTED.
A YOUNG artist, foreigner, wants a studio In
central location and in the house of a family
that could furnish him with references and
price of rent. Box 519. Call.
WANTED — Two housekeeping rooms and sta-
ble and room for 2 buggies. 4137% 17th st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley —
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men: Notice is hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or • bid» are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery
and Library building on the grounds of the
University of California at Berkeley. Ala-
raeda County, California, and eald bids or
proposals will be received at the office of the
Board of Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of the 6th day of
June, 1902. . And ' notice is hereby ¦ further
given that the plans and specifications ' of
said building have been made and adopted
and are placed in above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m. from this date' until said . 6th day of
June, 1902. No bids or proposals will bs
, considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if said bid or croposaf shall be accepted
the narty proposing will, duly enter intp a
proper contract to faithfully, oerforni the
duty and obligations in accordance with said
proposal,, and plans and specifications/ which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of euch contract. The right to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved. * • -
This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled. "An act to amend an act- entitled,
. 'An act to create and organize the University
of California." approved March 23k 1868, and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 28, 1872, relating to the con-
- Btruction of buildings," approved March 3.
1897. , • . • .
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
of the Board ol Regents.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting. Secretary.
BIDS wanted — Notice \ is - hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome St..
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.
SATURDAY, June 14, 1902, and opened
• immediately thereafter In the presence' of bid-
ders, for. furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months, commencing
July 1. 1902,, and ending December 31 1902
Schedules with Information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished I upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the' conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it Is
in accordance with such' schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his, bid with "a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at leant 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne.itreasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board ' reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. .
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st./ San Fran-
cisco,, Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ors. J.' J. SCOVILLE. Secretary. ¦
PROPOSALS for coal— Of flee of General
-1 Superintendent, Army Transport • Service
San Francisco, .Cal., May 17, 1002. - Seal>d
¦ proposals in triplicate for furnishing and de-
llverlnar. on -board army transports at Saw
Francisco. California. . forty , thousand - tons
average steam coal, or such portion, thereof
as may be required, wlll.be received at this
office . until • 12 > m. June 2. < 1902) and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
' tlon.- Envelopes , containing proposals should
' be ¦ indorsed, "ProDosals for Coal," and ad-
dressed to C. A. DEVOL, General Superin-
tendent. •;•¦, • ¦ . . ..- ¦ •¦ i.
PROPOSALS for coal — Office of General , Su-
perintendent. Army Transport Service. ¦ San
Francisco, Cal.. May • 19, . 1902. — Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing, and deliv-
ering at Honolulu. H.' T.', r ten thousand tons
average Steam Coal, or such portion; thereof
as may be required, will be received, at this
office until 12 - m.. Juno 20, 1902, and ; then
opened. Information ' furnished on ' applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals- should
"be Indorsed "Proposals for • Coal ¦ for ' Hono-
~ lulu," and addressed to C. 'A; ' DEVOL, : Gen-
. eral Superintendent.
'" ROOMS AND BOARD. '""
THeTmcALLISTER, 503 Van Neas ave.; just
, opened; elegantly furnished suite or singie
- rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
-references.* . •'¦ i -.• "' ' '
CORBIN; The, S36 Sutter-st., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms;, single and
suites; all sunny; table^first class. .:.,;
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel ; exceptional table; popular rates.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat. -
"HEATH," 312 Eddy st.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. -. "y
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
. suites: single rooms: first-class table board.
* ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED. -
WANTED— By a young man, sunny furnished
room, with board, in : private family, in'
I neighborhood of Rincon» Hill. Address Box
642, Call office. . '¦. . .
WANTED— Board and room for lady's new bl-
cycle suit; divided. Box 511." Call office.
j SPECIAL "_ -yOTICEg. • ; .' ¦
BAD ¦ tenants ejected ¦ for $4 ; collections made ;
city or country. PACIFIC, COLLECTION
¦ CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; . tel. 5580.
SE WI KG M ACHI JT ES ASP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented,. exchanged ; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing
lQ-tvest rates; phone Howard 3204. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
'PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce. Post ana Powellsts.; tel.Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances- made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. , F. W. Zehfuss.
.BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
-tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ¦... :
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BIRTHS— IARRIA&ES— DEATHS. U
¦ Birth, marriage and death . notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the .publication, offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have: the same published.
. "'.-;' born.
ELRICK— In this city. May 30. 1902, to the
wife, of Thomas Elrlck. a daughter. '
LOWELL— In this city, May 23, 1902, to the
wife of Fred A. Lowell,, a daughter. ' . •
MARRIED. •
CORRINSON— BECK— In this - city. May^25,
1902, by Rubbl Isidore Myers, Jacob Cor-
¦rineon- and" Alvina Beck.'-- ' ' . ; ••. -
DIED. •
¦ Borde, Harry Heffron, Patrick ¦
• Butler, David M. Keller, •. Ramon
Callahan, ; Mary Loague, Margaret
Callender. Helen L. McGinty. John
Carroll. Patrick McKee. Lysle W.
Cassin, Frank O'Brien, John T.
Davidson. Wm. A: O'Donnell, Hugh
.- .pe Long, Grace E. Wj-nn, James 4';'-
Fulton, -Charles A. \ .
BORDE — In the City and County Hospital,
May 30, 1902, Harry Borde, a native of Ger-
vmany, aged 48 years. • •¦ . V .-¦- .
BUTLER — At San Anselmo, Marlh County,
. . Cal.. May 30, 1902. David M. Butler, beloved
son of Michael and Mary Butler, and brother
Of Kate. Maggie, . Nellie,. Thomas and Jose-
phine 1 Butler, a native of San Francisco,
' aged 22 years 4 months and 25 days. ¦
GTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Mon-
day,, from St. Raphael's Catholic Church In
Ean - Rafael, ¦ where a solemn high requiem i
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
.soul, commencing at ¦ 9 o'clock. Interment 1
Mount Olivet Cemetery. : -
CALLAHAN— In this city, May 30. .. 1902,
Mary, beloved wife of the late 'Cornelius
, Callahan, and mother of John F. and Tlm-
v othy Callahan, a native of County Cork, Ire-
\land, aged SO years. , ¦ ¦ ,. .
CALLENDER— In ' this city, May 30, 1902,.
Helen Louisa Callender, beloved wife of H.
A. • Callender^ and mother of Mrs. J. - F.
. Cheesewright, Mrs. Charles M. Stoltz, Henry
E. and Walter- L. Callender," a native of
Columbus,, Ohio, aged 60. years 10 months
and 28 days.-. , i • "¦ . -.
CARROLIA-In this city. May 30, 1902, Patrick
Carroll, a native of County. Limerick, Ire-
land, aged 77 years.
E7"Tne funeral will take place Monday,
June 2, at 8:45 o'clock, from' the parlors
of J: C. 0'Connor-& Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's '.Church,- where .a
-Solemn requremhlgH mass "will be 'celebrated
. for the reDC*e of his soul at. 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross '. Cemetery. '-...-
CASSIN — In this: city, , May 28,. 1902, FranJc
.Cassin, a native of Ireland, aged 87 years 4
'months and 13 days. .
I fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 11 -o'clock, from Pioneer Hall
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of. the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell .street, near -Post. . ..-,.. .' .- • ¦
DAVIDSON-rffi Alameda, May 30, 1902, Wil-
.llam Albert, .beloved son of Thomas W. and
the late Ella Davidson, and brother of May,
Florence. Lillian and Henry Davidson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 14 j years.
DE LONG — In this city. May 29, 1902, Grace
Elida, beloved daOsrhter of Amelia and Wil-
liam De Long, a native or San Francisco,
ajced R months and 7 days. .
CFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street
Interment 1 Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FULTON — In Napa. Cal., May 29, 1902
Charles Andrew Fulton, a native of Ten-
nessee.
HEFFRON— In this city. May 29, 1002 Pat-
rick, beloved hvsband of Annie Heffron. and
uncle of Mrg. J.^McGrath and Rose Tierney,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
... (Successor to Flannagan. & Gallagher.)
: DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. <
FUNERAL- DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80. . ,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street:
. Telephone' Bush 367. • .
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS?
Samuel McFadden, IS years -manager for
the United Undertakers' Association;- M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P.F. Green, late with J. c. O'Con-
nor St Co.;. have opsned new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st., between Seventh
and - Eighth. Telephone South 44: ,-
SYNOPSIS OF ANNUAL STATEMENT
.— tOf/the— -1. /?.".'.'.;. p.;
Cbiinacticui Fire
; INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on - the 31st day of December
1901. . .-¦'•-¦¦ ¦ ' ' '
' : . '- J ; i; ' CAPITAL. '. . "•»
Amount cf capital stock paid up
in full .... .......j....... $1,000,000 00
"..'v';-.. . ASSETS. ¦"., ..".-' ~~ — ; =
Stocks and bonds owned . ! . ....... ?2, 297,840 00
Vtlue of real estate owned. . . . . 217,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. 1,193,750 00
Cash on , hand ' and In bank ......" 392 60° Sl
Premiums In course of collection
. and transmission c 217,418 71
Total admitted assets. V. ... f 4,318,611 B2
LIABILITIES. . =====
Gross claims f6r-losses unpaid:. | 279,043 C2
Amount of unearned premium on
all outstanding risks. . .... . ; . . 2,03L144 v 70
Total -Liabilities.... ; $2,310,188 32
Total Insurance in force Decem- , .- • ,""
ber 31, 1901 .... ... .......... . .?32S,381,270 00
¦ ': ' ".'¦ ¦; :•¦ -INCOME.'.' ";...- . :=
Premiums received^' during the • •¦."¦"'
y ear in cash ... i .'............. J2, 377, 135 67
Interest < and »¦ dividends received • •-.'..-; '
during the year /....V.:.-."-.:.: -156,485 60
Rents received -during: the .year ; ,.,... -.. .,"•.
net 5,502 65
..Total income ...... J.. •......- $2,539,124 98
r . i EXPENDITURES. , " ¦ , ... . . ,
Losses paid during the year..'... 51.362,726 41 !
Dividends paid during the year
on caniul ¦tock......... • 100,000 00
Commissions and palarles paid ,.,, v . ..,;
: : during the ' year :..... 673,949 18
Taxes paid during the.year ; /, 72,878 4tt
Amount of all other expenditures. . 172,195-00
pacific'' department;
4111 CALIFORNIA STJ
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLINMi'BOYD.v/lgeiirfor San Francisco.CHIEF OF; THE "DETECTIVE- BUREAU . .OF THE SAN. FRANCISCO
POLICE DEPARTMENT, WHO HAS.' RESIGNED, • AND THE : MAN
APPOINTED 1 TO SUCCEED HIM. ; . v .. ,, . . ¦
Fearless. Goes on Reef.
AdvIceR.'from Honolulu are to the effect. that
the tug Fearless struck on a reef in "the harbor |
channel on' the 23d,inst.: while towing a vessel
into ; port.- -- She rgot -'oft without assistance
She was; not, damased. -..:•. r . ... ......
| Fred Dasmann. 10 years of ag:e, residing
at 183 Thirteenth ' ; street, \was ",- carrying
home a cripple's shoe to an Invalid brother
yesterday afternoon when a thug held him
up and took H away from him. The shoe
was valued at. IS. The police were notified.
Steals a Cripple's Shoe.
/The proposition 'advanced by the Build
ing Trades Council to refer,'the matter of
tho rescinding of section 3,of n the constitu
tion'toa majority vote of the carpenters
of ; the city and- thus end the "carpenters'
war, will -be considered by the Builders'
Protective Association to-night- Such ac
tion as "may/ be taken will be submitted
to the district council of the Brotherhood
of Carpenters, with the recommendation
that it be indorsed.
Builders Will'Consider
Charles Rull of Duncan Mills is at the
Lick. : ¦ <
' Frank M. Ayer of Bakersfield is at the
Lick. ! -
Dr. A. B. Plant. of Represa is at the
Lick. . ¦/ '• • ' ' ¦
Judge S. S. Holl of : Sacramento is "at
the Lick. .
Isaac Minor, a merchant ' of Arcata, is
at the Lie!:. t r " " -.
S. M. Butters, an oil. man of Williams,
Is at the Lick. . _. -. ;
James Collins, a fruit grower of Court
land, is at the. Lick., ; ¦• , • . . . .
J. C. Steele, a; mining man of Southern
California, is at the Grand. •¦• S-;
-B. /Dickinson, proprietor of the Hotel
Ben Lomond, is at the Grand. • . ., ,
George E. Lask, the well-known' stage
manager, is here from ' New York on a
short vacation. . . . .-.:' •'." • /_ . ;
R. Robertson, the well-known capitalist
of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace, accom
panied : by his wife. ; J . , , ¦. - ;
Commander Reginald; Nicholson, U.'S.
N., accompanied by his wife, 'left the city
for Washington, D. C, last evening. .
Captain Eugene -Wilson, 'U.S.' A., who
was formerly on s the staff of Major: Gen
eral' Shatter . a'nd -who^served for a long
period at headquarters of the Department
of the Pacific in this city,- Is In San Fran
cisco en route to Fort Liscum, Alaska.
BERKELEY. May 30.— The explosion of
a lighted lamp caused a fire at 10:30
o'clock tornlght that destroyed- John
Linds 1 residence on Kelsey street, Clare
luont. The loss will reach $1500; no • in
surance. . • ¦. . , .
Residence Destroyed by Firel
'At a meeting of the Republican Primary
League held at 16 Geary street lafet even
ing, the directors set Wednesday, June
1L as the day for the permanent organiza
tion of the district clubs. The halls in
¦which the various meetings are to be held
vill be announced later.
Sepublican Primary League.
All the beers brewed by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass'n. St. Louis, U. S. A.,
are kept "on lager" for the proper length
of time to insure perfect wholesomeness.
A capacity to continually store 375,000 bar
rels provides ample facilities for securing
the needed age by natural process. The
brews of this Association are served In
Hotels, Clubs and Cafes at all points of
the Globe. Orders promptly filled by E.
G. Lyons & Raas Co., wholesale dealers,
San Francisco. • •
* Perfectly Aged Beer.
"Have you seen the last News Letter?"
is a. common Inquiry among society, club
and financial people. It always contains
scmething of interest not only to them
but to everybody. Its chief characteristic
is smartness. Everything in. It is bright,
enappy and up to date. It has gossip
ebout the most prominent people — people
you like to hear of. Its literary, dramatic,
financial and insurance columns are con
tributed by special writers. . In politics It
Is a criterion, and in addition to all these
things it always contains bright, original
¦verse,' stories and sketches. Among such
things in to-day's issue may be men
tioned "One Indian and Several Bees " by
Arthur Ward; "A Ping-Ponsr Romance,"
by W. O. McGeehan; "The Ballad of Sir
Nobbus Hill," by Gaston Lavierre, and
6e\eral other entertaining things. • .
To-Day's News Letter.
I Brutally Kicks a Woman. <
Frank H. Clayton was arrested .¦ la^t
night.by Sergeant Burnett and lodged,'in
the city prison," charged'with' assault .to
do great bodily harm. He knocked .down'
a woman named' Ethel Hall in the door
way of the premises at 5V6 Gra.nt: avenue,'
and kicked her on the face and.head.'-in
flicting shocking Injuries. The ; woman
was an inmate of a disreputable house,
and Clayton, who was known to her as
Crowthers, was insanely jealous of .her."
He decoyed her from the house by a false
telephone message.and waited for her re- i
turn, when he assaulted her. . •- ,. "
; ' Detention-Saves Their Wealth/
, -When searched at the- Central police sta
tiort yesterday morning, $370 in gold coin
a?A. v *lu.^les,to the amount of $200 were
found in the possession of Mathias Steig
elschmidt. a discharged soldier. The police
marvel at the soldier's possession of the
treasure', as he hid' been'drunk for two
days, and had spent his time in some of
the most disreputable portions of the city
Edward H. Davis; another soldier, was ar*
rested Thursday night on Barbary Coast
I and" when searched had.about $400 in coin
In one of his pockets.
Detectives Tom Gibson and Charles
Crockett were detailed on the case and
Bhortly afterward arrested a suspect,
•who gave the name of J. M. Fleming. He
•was taken to police headquarters and
charged with robbery.
Two men entered the saloon conducted
by John Capeila at 712 Front street short
ly after 10 o'clock yesterday morning and
¦while one held the bartender the other
robbed the till, taking about $5 in coin.
The man who committed the robbery at
tracted the attention of the employe while
the other grasped him around the thz - oat
and held him fast, preventing an outcry
until the money had been secured and an
escape made.
Crime in Water Front
Besort.
Daylight Bobbers Commit a Daring
THIEF HOLDS BARTENDER
WHILE SALOON IS LOOTED
Mrs. Kelly is closely identified witli the
institution of which she spoke. It is
aimed primarily to ameliorate, so far as
possible, the condition of Chicago's
"Other Half." Adults are given- advice,
encouragement and instruction when
practicable. A school for the children is,
however, the feature of the work . to
which most attention is paid. Especial
care is given to the training of those who
show that they possess genius in some
direction.
" vVe are trying," Mrs. Kelly says,
apropos of the ambitions of the promot
ers of this charity, "to get for our emi
grant neighbors the good things that we
wish for ourselves." The work Is almost
wholly conducted by twenty-five persons
end extends over a period of about twelve
years. Support is derived entirely from
donations. . • •
Mrs. Florence Kelly, who is visiting th»
Pacific Coast in the interests of the Na
tional Consumers' League, delivered a
very interesting lecture on the work con
ducted at the Hull House in Chicago, be
fore a large audience, composed tor the
most part of members of the Unity Club,
at Golden Gate Hall yesterday afternoon.
periment in Charity.
Mrs. Florence Kelly Delivers Inter
' ecting Address on Results of Ex-
TELLS OF WORK DONE
IN SLUMS OF CHICAGO
The contest is exciting an * unusual
amount of interest, not only because the
perpetual challenge cup is The blue rib
bon of local yachting, and the boats rep- '
resent those old-time rivals, the San
Francisco and the Corinthian Yacht clubs,
but also because The Challenger was de
signed by the famous Eastern designer.
Crowninshield, of Boston, while Harpoon
was designed and constructed here. When
The Challenger was first put into the wa
ter, yachtsmen were much struck by her
clean, racy appearance. They thought she
would carry off the cup, but It was found
she heeled over top much in a. strong
breeze to do her best work. Her mast has
been cut down and 105 feet of canvas tak
en from her mainsail. It is hoped her
speed in a stiff breeze, such as is almost
certain to prevail to-day, will be increas
ed. While The Challenger is wonderfully
quick in stays, she is .said by some ob
servers not to point so high as she should.
Others think a short choppy will
cause her to pound heavily on account of
her long forward overhang.
The referee of the race will be Sydney
S. Marshall, commodore of California
Yacht Club," while the judges and time
keepers are the members of the regatta
committees of the two clubs. E. B. Learn
ing T. J. Kavanaugh and P. J. Marten
stein of the Corinthians, andrDr. T. L.
Hill W. G. Morrow and , J. R. Savory ¦ of
the San Franclscos. ,_
The committee will follow the race on
the steamer Sunol,^ which will. take pas
sengers on board at the Powell-street
wharf from 12:30 up to 1:30 p. m., when
the contending yachts will be sent across
the line to a one-gun .start. ;•'.;.. . .
The two yachts were placed in the wa
ter, yesterday after being cleaned and
their racing lengths determined by Meas
urer A. L; Denison of San Francisco
Yacht Club and Measurer George W. Har
rold of Corinthian Yacht Club. .
The competitors will be the sloop The
Challenger. . representing San Francisco
Y^cht'Club, and the sloop Harpoon, rep
resenting Corinthian Yacht Club, the
holders and defenders of the trophy. " W.
G. Morrow is captain of The Challenger,
and will handle her tiller, while Fred
Russ Cook, captain of the Harpoon, will
take charge of her wheel.
The most interesting yacht race '.ever
held on the bay of San. Francisco will
take place to-day, the prize being . the
right of possession for one year of the San
Francisco perpetual challenge cup.-
To-Day in an Important Contest.
Harpoon and The^ Challenger Meet
PERPETUAL CUP BACE.
; Detective Ed. Gibson took Wong: Kee
to the emergency hospital last night,
where Wong See Chung readily identified
him as the man, who had done the shoot
ing. . . ' " . . .
i . When the highbinder was brought from
his cell a letter was found on his person
which he had written in prfson.. It was
addressed to his brother, and stated that
if his friends did not rally to his support
he would commit suicide. To the detec
tive; he admitted that he had done the
shooting and said he ' would plead - guilty
If guaranteed a sentence no greater than
ten years. _ - . : - ¦. •*, ...
¦ The wounded : proprietor was placed In
an ambulance and . hurried to, the hos
pital, along .with his brother,- Won See
Chen, who had a serious knife wound
over the eye. Wong Kee, the leader and
the highbinder who did the shooting,
was also sent away for treatment, hav
ing been seriously wounded in an effort
to get away from his captors. - •
A search was made in Chinatown un
der the direction of Sergeant Helms, who
was In charge of the Central police sta
tion (and after Wonsr iKee, Won See
Chen and Wong Sick had been placed in
prison),' and .seven more participants
were rounded up . before 6 o'clock in the
morning. Their names, as placed on the
detinue book, are: LeeGow, Don Hun,
Wong Ah Kee, Wong Ah GIm, Wins
You, Wing Don and Gee Gong. Yester
day afternoon Sergeant Shaw of the
Chinatown squad and Detective Gibson
arrested another man. Ah Louie, and
placed him behind the - bars with the
others. ' •.-.-.«
WOUNDED TAKEN" AWAY.
PBEPABES : FOR BATTI^E.
Instead of complying Chung prepared
for battle. He reached Tor his own re
volver, which lay on a shelf near by, but
before he could secure it a bullet had
plowed its way through one of his lungs.
Then, as he fell gasping to the floor, an
other leaden missile pierced his body
and rendered him unconscious. The
shooting . attracted : the attention of a
number of Chinese clerks who slept in
adjoining rooms, and ¦ these, \ rushing for
ward, armed to the teeth with knives and
guns, strengthened the resistance com
menced by their employer. Instantly a
pitched battle ensued and bleeding heatn
ens cursed while they struggled to
escape.
Police whistles and the shooting at
tracted the attention of Policemen Green.
Kessane, McGrayan and Mills, and Spe
cial Officers George and James Downey
and Sus Finn. When the squad arrived
they encountered the leader of the gang.
Wong Kee, alias Wopg Duck, a notorious
highbinder and • gambler, - struggling ¦* in
the clutch of Wong Chee Chon and Wong
Sick, two of the stores' employes. •. All
three . had knives and were slashing: at
each other fiercely. The. other combat
ants, at sight of the police, either fled or
were carried away. . . „ . ;, .
Eleven Chinese have been placed in the
tanks .at the. Central police station fox
complicity in the bold attempt to rob the
store of Wong See Chung at 726 Dupont
street- early yesterday morning. The
proprietor of the place, with two bullet
holes through his lungs, lies at the City
Emergency Hospital in a precarious con
dition. Several of the prisoners are
marked with knife-wounds, evidence of
the terrible conflict that followed the pro
prietor's refusal to open the safe. < •
• The. attack en Chung's place was one
of the boldest in the history of China
town. Shortly after 3 o'clock six high
binders forced an entrance to the place
and waking the proprietor demanded
that he open the safe and pass over its
valuable contents. This. demand was en
forced by the display of six long-bar
reled revolvers, none of- which were held
very far away from .Chung's head, j
Highbinders Use Guns
and Knives in an At- j
tempt to Rob Safe.
FIERCE COMBAT
TO SECURE GOLD
The Geary-street cable was cut entirely
in two, and tho service on the road was
suspended for six hours, while the cable
was being spliced.
The gripman of the car claimed that his
clutch failed to let go when he raised the
lever. A G^ary street car was close to
the junction at the time, and this raised
the cable higher than it is ordinarily. The
crew of the Geary-street car claimed that
the gripman of the O'Farrell-street car
tried to cross ahead of them and in doing
so caused the accident. He was not en
titled to the right of way, and in his hur
ry to get across failed to let go of tne
cable.
Owing to the fact that the gripman on
car 29 of O'Farrell-street line forgot to
raise his clutch while crossing Geary on
Jones street three women were thrown
from the car, about 5 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, and one was severely injured.
The clutch of .the grip struck the taut
cable on Geary street with terrific force
and nearly all the passengers riding on
the outside were thrown from the car.
Mrs. Kussbaum, residing at 660 Geary
street, was so severely bruised that she
had to be carried to her home. Last
night it was stated that her injuries
would not prove' serious. Mrs. Wigit of
715 Folsom 6treet and Mrs. Martin of 569
Geary received cuts on the face a'nd
hands, which were dressed at Flatow's
drug store on Jones and Geary streets.
Julius Teron, who resides at 211 Berlin
6treet and who Is employed as a driver
for F. Ducurulo, left his wagon standing
at the corner of Twenty-fourth and Bran
nan streets while he entered a store to
serve a customer. When he stepped from
the door he observed two men in the act
of mounting the seat, and called to them
to desist. Little heed was given his com
mand and the driver, rushing forward,
seized one of the men by the arm and
started to pull him to the ground. Noting
the resistance of the driver to their plans
of escape, the other robber drew a rt
volver from his pocket and leveling: It at
the milkman, threatened to blow off his
head if he did not "make himself scarce."
Teron released his hold on the man
•when he saw the weapon, but shouted an
alarm when the wagon had turned up
Twenty-fourth street. Officers Harrison
a.nd Stanley, attracted by the commotion,
joined in a chase with about 100 citizens,
but before they could reach Harrison
street the thieves had . abandoned the
•wagon and escaped with the milk. Ail
trace of them was lost at this point.
Two thieves took daring chances to se
cure possession of two five-gallon cans of
milk In the Mission yesterday morning-.
After the bold robbery of a wagon con
taining the fluid they fought their pursu
ers off with a revolver, and with a hun
dred citizens and two policemen in their
wake they made their escape with the
cans.
Point Revolver at Vic
tim When Flight Is
Stayed.
Grip on O'Farrell Line
Cuts Geary-Street
Cable.
TH I EVES BLUFF
WAY TO LIBERTY
WOMEN INJURED
IN CAR ACCIDENT
As soon, as the resignation of Captain
Seymour was filed Chief Wittman detailed
Captain John B. Martin to assume the du
ties of the vacant office. Captain Martin
was only raised to his present rank last
Tuesday night and this second elevation,
while totally unexpected, meets with the
enthusiastic approval of the department
and the public. Although mostly engaged
during his police career in line work.
Captain Martin has made a reputation as
a keen and intelligent investigator on spe
cial duty, which guarantees that the
same success will attend him in his new
position which he has met with through
out his eighteen years of police duty.
Owing to the resignation of Captain Sey
mour, a -vacancy exists among the cap
tains and this will be filled at the next
meeting of the Police Commission. Lieu
tenant George Blrdsall of the City Hall
station is the next eligible on the list.
and undoubtedly will receive the'appoint
ment. He probably will be assigned to
the Central station AS he is familiar with
the district. , ¦
Chief of Police Wittman is the' only
man in the department who was made a
confidant by Captain Seymour of his in
tended resignation, and although the
Chief regretted losing a tried and trusted
subordinate, with whom he had always
maintained the most, pleasant relations,
he agreed with the captain that to refu3e
the offer of the Fair estate would be the
height of foolishness. Chief Wittman
.will tender a banquet to Captain Seymour
to-night at a downtown restaurant, at
which the higher officers of the depart
ment and many prominent citizens will
•wish the detective success in his new field
of labors. . . < " ' . .' -•
WILL BANQUET SEYMOUR.
• SEYMOUR'S NEW POSITION.
Captain Seymour refused to disclose
what^ his position with the Fair estate
will be, but from other sources it .was
learned that his duties will be managerial
and his salary $7500 a year. In addition
to this his family will receive a pension
in case of his death to compensate for the
loss of the police pension which Captain
Seymour forfeits by reason of his sum
mary ' resignation.
The former chief of detectives was born
in New York in 1853, and is a brass pol
isher by trade. He was, appointed to the
police force in May, 1884, and was made a
corporal in 1891. He acted as a detective
for several years and his work in many
notable cases gave him, fame long before
his promotion to* the position which he
has just quitted, "it was largely due -to
his intelligent and zealous investigations
that the case against Theodore Durrant
was made so conclusive as to prevent- the
possibility of a miscarriage of justice.
Other notable cases in which he played a
prominent part were the murder of Mrs.
Clute, the Becker-Creegan gang of for
gers, who swindled the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank, and the Selby robbery. More
recently he has succeeded in developing
a strong circumstantial case against
Charles B. Hadley, accused of the murder
of Nora Fuller.
I have been considering this step for three
months and my only reason for resigning 'is
that I can better myself. I have 'had an offer
from the Fair estate which I think will be
pleasantcr and more lucrative than my present
position, and for that reason sjlely.I have
been led to sever my connection with the de
partment. I Long association with police meth
ods and policemen lends considerable regret to
an otherwise pleasant prospect. I am sorry
to leave my old comrades, and I am happy
to have the opportunity to express my regard
and appreciation of the men who have worked
with me and under me during, my career as a
police officer. . ¦',¦¦*
After half an hour's conference with
Chief of Police Wittman he came into his
office and greeted the newspaper men.
saying: ..
To the Honorable the Board of Police Com
missioners of. the City and County of Ban Fran
ci«co: I hereby tender to you my resignation
as captain of defectives and as a member or tne
Police Department of the city and county of
San Francisco, said resignation to take effect
June 1." In severing my connection with tn«
department I desire -to offer my sincere thanks
to each and • every member of the board for
the uniform kindness and courtesy shown me.
MUCH to the surprise , of the Po
t lice Department and the public
at large, Captain of Detectives
John F. Seymour resigned his
position yesterday morning.
The resignation, couqhed in the following
¦words, was handed to Secretary Cadwai
lader of the Police Commission: .
CAPTAIN SEYMOUR RESIGNS AFTER
LONG SERVICE IN POLICE DEPARTMENT
Chief .of Detefetiyes Siyes ;Up His Place
to Accept v Positfon v With^F^^
Captain John /B.- Martin Succeeds Him
Argument Ends in Assault.
Harry McCarthy, a laborer, had been
Imbibing in the saloon of John Schudel.
163 New Montgomery street, last night
¦when he got Into an altercation, with the
prefcrietor. Finally McCarthy went out.
and, gathering some rocks, satisfied him
self by throwing them at the saloon door
and window. Schudel came out 'with his
club and belabored McCarthy on the top
of the head until he was subdued. Police
Officers Butler and Legrange arrived in
time to see the affray and took McCarthy
to the Central Emergency Hospital, where
he had numerous ugly lacerations of the
head attended to. The two. men were
charged with assault with deadly wea
pons and McCarthy also was charged
with malicious mischief.
14
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, MAY. 31, 1902.:
PERSONAL.
CU3aJ[ BU0&. BjLyfeiM BbBSbU C^^SSl ¦ ShBBi '
sSShwi mSB^^Sw S$!^B^m^BtiBK&i L * - ; -^ >- ¦
Made of Pure Grape Cream of Tartar. \
• ¦ . . — :¦ v . ¦
Safeguards the food
against alum*
•oval »amko ro»sin eo., too wiluam st., new --ork.
wash veils..:.'"... ;.....' ,|k c r fine lawn handkerchiefs, a^
to-day .....:...... «It>v*»|. to-day ..:...... 4C
SAM RDp^S SPECIALS.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR' GOWNS.' O ' -CORSETS. '
OQ r For WOMEN'S 50c' MUSLIN • PURCHASE A PAIR, wear thirty days-
O«7v GOWNS, made with tucked and v if not' satlsfactor>- return same and we'll
embroidery inserted yoke .and i trimmed . refund your money or give you a new pair
> fit^ :^ l0 -^ ; Prlees a reforaItslzes.ali
OOU GOWNS, made with square, tuck- j v-TO-DAY BOc CORSETS on aale for....38c
ed and lace -Inserted yoke, full bishop TO-DAY 75c CORSETS on sale for.. 5Oc
sleeves, neck and yoke trimmed with -TOrDAY $1.00 CORSETS on sale for. 75«
f ruffles of wide •torchon lace, v ;'vr or; •<* •. TO-DAY jl 25 CORSETS on sale for.«l OO
QK r for WOMEN'S FINEICAMBRIC - TO-DAY SI SO CORSETS on sale for.ill 25
vU V GOWNS."' These dainty garments . «, TO-DAY #1 75 CORSETS on sale for.lSl BO
: are made -with large embroidery inserted- TO-DAY $2 00 CORSETS on sale for Ul 75
sailor collar: neck. . sleeves and collar are I TO-DAY $2 60 CORSETS on sale for. IIS 25
trimmed with ruffles of wide embroidery. < TO-DAY J3 00 CORSETS on sale for. $2 50
- - DRAWERS £ ! r r •; HOSIERY^SPEC'ALS!
l'T/-» For; WOMEN* 8 '.tOIE: FULLER- v ; .« g^ , / A ' Da i r for /chil,DRFV«5 «n»
33c . gs^SSS^BBS
and one row of Insertion and deep ruf- . . double heel, knee; and toe. ' .
. . fie of lace or embroidery. ~'-Jr - - •••>;. <¦¦¦'-. •. '1Oi rt Af Dalr for WOMEN'S' «HV«
Af\r For WOMEN'S; MUSLIN DRAW-/; \z£zC 'QUALITY V BLACK LACB
T-OC-ERS. made with three clusters '¦ of HOSE-, all tizes ..
tucks and finished with ruffle Of fine %pw A.pair for WOMEN'S-25c QUAL-
wide embroidery.: .-'; \\ , ; . ,. - . . .;.>. ,¦:. ; ;1 t W, ity. RIBBED- or ; plain HERMS-
¦ r if = PETTICOATS. • ••' ¦ • • ' r\ D P? F F HOSE; all. sizes. .
QOr-FortWOMlN'BXAMBRIC PET- \ ¦', '. ... • ¦ SHIRT WAISTS.
v O V* . TICO ATS: V r They" re an i excellent y- ¦.-. o ¦— ¦ _ •. For >' WOMEN . q rnrivmr <->tx a »*
quality, made-wlth four/large 'hemstitch- < x : 85C BRAY°^ WAisTS^^rfcUveYy
ed tucks and.deep flounce lof embroidery; - ; >v trimmed' wltoclusterafof tucks Md rows
«l tr V« et^r^WOMEN'S 0 CAMBRIC/ U^ lnS ' f .^^ * 25 value =
' I i^POue^fronY o^i-ov^iace^i;
WOMEN'S KNIT': UNDERWEAR. >' : Sli2O if^H, tomen'S.mercer..
50C : SefeVs^Kize^^c^^^^U^'i" • jo^l^^^s^^a^tV
98c\lioM^S^T^^ ; : ;^?K^ ta -
sleeves; all .'sizes;. -all colors., -v* '« :v..V ,'.':-¦ ' v"';A'.'P'rE"S CKIRT cperiAl
ie r For 25c'^ L ; ISLE ' .UNDERVESTS ; f DRESS SHIRTS ; perfect In style and fit ; '
lUW sleeveless: all sizes.,", r ¦•''» :?: .made iwlth new flare and trimmed with:
CHII^REN'S-DRESSES: ? : v^ro^of velvet.; ed K edw.th- S atln band,;
35C s^n H |^>-S^i> iwOWEN'S 'OUTINC" SKIRTS.
telles. . yoke. 5 pepk ; and '. sleeves ; trimmed .' ¦'¦ *J CJ >»> For. •; $1 25 '" CRASH SKIRTS •
with herringbone braid. *Wv; trimmed with 3 rows of Hercules
OR r For, s'PRETTT GINGHAM braid.", - «ercuies
VVOV^ DREiSSES: all sizes; made' with .< <C 1 1 SJ For $1'75 'COVERT "CLOTH
" yoke" of whlte"plque; extra full- skirt: . <P ¦•• t» . SKIRTS, ¦ in tan .and iblue-
, deep hem; bretelles. neck ;. and .sleeves 1 -trimmed with white braid in fincyde-
jedged with .linen, lace. ; :.:[¦ \O signs..."; < ...-.- ¦ ,:¦ ¦ .. -., ¦
MARKET ST.; /
' T ,¦ ... Tf.'-jv I/"-" ; '. .'Between r.Taylor' and'' Jones.'; '.J[, ~
¦ - \ l-^u\ OPEN TO^NIGHTTTNTIIi 11 Q^C^OCK/
\ ,'.¦':.:*' ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
ITCHING BURNING AND SCALY ERUPTIONS
OF THE SKIN SCALP AND BLOOD WITH
LOSS OF HAIR CURED BY CUTICURA.
The agonizinj; Itching and burning of the skin, a* in Eczema; the fright*
fnl scaling as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of the ncalp, as in
ftcalled head; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and ringworm ;Vtho
awful suffering of infants, ana the* anxiety of worn-out parents, as. in 'milk
crust, tetter, and salt rheum, — all demand a remedy of almost superhuman
¦virtues to successfully cope with them. That Cuticura remedies are such
stands proven beyond all doubt: ' Xo statement is made regarding them that
is not justified by the. strongest evidence. \ The purity and/nweetnesa, the
power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent
cure, the absolute safety, and great economy nitre made them the standard
skin cores and humour remedies of the civilized world.
COMPLETE TREATMENT $1.00.
1 The treatment is simple, direct, agreeable, and economical, and is adapted
to the youngest infant as well as adults of every age. Bathe the affected
parts Trith hot water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts
and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing,
and apply Cunccru. Oiktkent freely, to allay itching, irritation, and inflam-
mation, and soothe and heal, andlastly take the Cuticura Resolvent Pills,
to cool and cleanse the blood. This sweet, wholesome treatment affords
instant relief, permits rest and. sleep in the severest forms of eczema and
other itching, burning, and scaly humours of the skin, scalp, and blood, and
points to a speedy, permanent, and economical cure when all else fails.
Millionsof Women Use Cuticura Soap
iAesieted by Ccttcura Ointment, for preserving, purifying, and beantlf ylnj; the skin, for
cleantlng the eca}p of cruets, Kales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for
softening, whitening, and soothing red. rough, and sore hands, for baby raahes, Uchings.
and chafings. In the form of baths for annoying Irritations and Inflammations, or too free
or offensive perspiration. In the form of washes for ulceraf.ve weaknesses, and for many
sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, especially
mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
rilTiriIRn RF^fllUPMT Pine (Chocolate Coated) are a new. tasteless,
UU I luUilA IlLuULlLli I rlLLo odorless, economical substitute ior the cel-
ebrated liquid CimuujtA. Resolvent, as well as for all other blood purifiers and humour
cures. Each pill is equivalent to one teaspoonf ul of liquid Resoc vest. Put up in screw-
capped pocket vials, containing CO doses, price 25c. . -
Cftocka Rucma «r» «old thnmtlwnit the world. Boat, Me, Ounxwrr, 60e, Piils, Sic. BrtBth Denott
S7-S8, CteiterkoaM Sa.. XiOudon. French Depot: < Hue d« It P«ix, PtrU. Porrsa Daw tap Cbjek. Couu
Sot* JPropfc, Botoa, V. S. A. - AH about the Skia, Scalp, tad HaS?" free. «»«•*¦»»».«¦. ww.
/ Hale's— the six o'clock: store. ¦___._ j
: ""^a^
Silk & Lisle Gloves.
v- o— — — -i— — ; — - • ' ; ; .. " .•-. - — \
Women's and children s. - . / ' .'
Fabric glove's are more popular this summer than ever— prettier,
• too. Sec what a collection we have. . '
¦ -••' ¦¦ ¦ At: 25c. -, :r ¦:
Lisle, two-clasp: black,- mode, tan, gray or white; for women
and children; finely finished with silk embroidery.
o4)c— Milanese lisle gloves, with Point de Paris embroidery; one-
clasp, silk embroidered; mode, gray, white and black.
Jpi.OO— Elbow length silk lace mitts; black.
Perhaps of them all S"--
The Amsterdam Double-tipped Silk Gloves
" • Are most sought after. Every pair is stamped • in the . hem. It s a
I glove to buy if you don't want the finger ends to wear out.
I5C Hosiery. gw. Coronation
Boys', Infants', Women's. D©ltS«
T Hale's is the place to buy o— — <
hosiery. You pay as little as it is /„ a new shade of red.
possible to pay and get the biff- , This g fa k fad j Q fc bek
gest choosing it is possible to get. world _ comes in three different
Boys' 15c — Extra heavy bicycle styles
ribbed, made of hard twisted 5Oc-lNarrow satin- belt, very
• and elastic" yarn, double knees, fineIy tuc ked, in the Du Barry-
size 6 to 10. . effect, and dip front. Very styfc
Infants' Lace Hose loc—Pink ish gold buckle in the fleur-de-
> and blue nbbed. seamless and t lis pattern, with large slide on
/ • elastic, nice, fine quality, 4V2 back and two smaller ones on
and S l A. .. :•¦¦;. .. ¦.'.'¦ -''":- the sides to match.
Women'S HOSe 15C 75< :-Satin belt, very fine tucka.
V i. • ui » o«j CD , m i. cc with girdle back and <lip front.
• Fast black and seamless. * ¦ buck ,
elastic Maco cotton fine gauge representing a group of lilies.
shaped with narrowed feet and with large ornament and two
I ankles, 8^ to 10; - sma ller ones to match, in gold
:; • . • ¦ • and French gray colorings.
TP^2l/%i. C^v^»*4 v '" - ?1«OO— Narrow 1 tucked satin
I Ol let j^OciD belts and silk elastic belts in the
* * • *^ • • Du Barry effect, with dip front.
Fop Little Money.; handsome gold figured buckle
O^ — • "*Q ' and ornament to match.
foe Box— Of three cakes, petro- G_ _C
milk soap— an excellent toilet
15c? P 'a Bar—Imported whitfc v2 11 CtV XO —Q3^
Castile soap. It's a larger bar '.'f ¦ •"••¦- * / -' *
usuallv'sTe^logeTher tha " M T " We always have something un-
lOrfcViofet de. 1'Opera - usual at the candy counter Sat-
I .¦ toilet soap, 4 cakes, each highly : it s
perfumed. Butter Creams 25c a pound.
4c a Cake-Armour's tar soap. M d f u cream fc ¦ n
large cakes, hard m.lled-splen- honey-something new and de-
• old quality. . j:-:' • . . •
But while we are af the drug l"" OU!h . : - f
counter we want to tell you about w ! . , ¦
15c Whisk Brooms at 10c.
I large size. ¦. . . ' - • __1 •^i-^^^O»_OOOt>»^^^
NO POISON
Has Ever Been Found
in the Enamel of
AGATE NICKEL-STEEL
KftctienUtensils
TheBLUE LABEL
Protected by Decision of United States Court j
Pasted on Every Piece! v
PROVES IT. t
If substitutes are of fered.write us
This trade-marfc is on every piece
of genuine Agate Ware. j
Sbld by First-class Department and House-
Xnrnislilnr Stores. Send for new Booklet.
v LALANCE & CROSJEAN MFG. CO.
BOTTOM V BO6TOJ CHICA6O_
ERUSA
Cures Piles, or $50 Forfeited.
No Mercury or Opiates.'
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
t,. ZEH, 1228 Market at. • *"-V.
"WAKELiEE & CO.. Bush and Montgomery «ts.J 1
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.. 949 Market St. \ 1
DR H. B. KILBOURN. 661 Third st.
SEARBY'S PHARMACY, 400 Sutter st.
J CALEGARIS. Kearny and Pacific sts.
p B HULTING. Third and Howard sta.
W E. MATHEW, 144 Fourth st.
R ' W. COFFIN, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
J.' H. WINTER. Twenty-flfth and Valencia st*.
E. HAPPERSBERGER, Sixth and Mission sta.
C F. FULLER. Clay and Flllmore sts.
D D. HUNT, 1800 Halght St. ¦•
SHAW PHARMACY, Sutter and Po-well sts.
GLEASON. Kearny and Clay sts.
E. J. SMITH. Eddy and Taylor sts
ARIEL PHARMACY. 400 Hayes st.
STOCKTOX-ST. PHARMACY. 100 Stockton st.
J.S. POTTS DRUG CO.. 1016 Market & 11 Eddy.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout arid Dyspepsia.
DRINK
Best NATUKAL Alkaline! Water
; 320 BROAD-WAT. N. T.
~T ~~ ; ; : >H
$$$-'(''bt£» Weak Eye* Strengthened.
' Painful or Inflamed *ye» la-
TSBBKa*- ttantly relieved withGEOKGS
MATERLE'S German Ey«
Water. 60c. at - 1071 . Market
T' M nw N> »t. Tel. Eouth 073. Nona gan«
Bin* without Utls trademark.