Continued on Paye Tw»y
SANDUSKY. Ohio, April 28.-The fish
'*4[iR schooner Louise, which arrived he0e
to-day, brought ,the survivors and the
first details of the wreck of the passen
ger steamer, Gribbe of Cleveland, which
went to pieces on Point Pelee on Sunday.
Three of the crew were drowned.
Three of the Crew Lost.
Advices received here from Porto Plata,
a seaport on the north coast of Santo Do
mingo, say Santiago is the center of the
revolutionary disturbance, which, is di
rected 'by Vice President Horatio Vas
quez. It is believed here that the revolu
tion will probably be suppressed by the
Government forces.
PORT AU PRINCE. April 28.— It is re
ported that another revolution has broken
out in Santo Domingo. Telegraphic . com
munication between that republic, and
Haiti is entirely Interrupted.
SANTIAGO THE CENTER
OF ANOTHER REVOLUTION
.'WASHINGTON, ApriK 28.—Representa
tive Sibley of Pennsylvania' created a sen
sation here ;to-day during the general *de
'batelon the , agricultural bill, -denouncing
General Jacob ,H. Smith for' the orders ho
Issued in the Samar campaign.'. -He de
clared,that General Smith was a disgrace
. to ;the uriif orni t he' wore and expressed tha
hope that ;. the ' President would i strip hlni
of .his uniform within forty-eight .hours.
speech was ; enthusiastically ap
plauded by the Democrats 'and /was i .''"re
;celved with some; evidence of approval on
the' Republican side. The speech , was con
• sidered the ; more remarkable. In ; that i it'
¦_came -; from "a i; Republican » who left '; the
Democratic party on "the issues raised by
"the'Spanish war "and who < has since, been
an ardent' expansionist. ''"-Williams (D.) of
Mississippi' indorsed what Slbley. had said.
grace ;to the Uniform.
Representatives Declare He Is a Dis -
GENERAL SMITH IS SCORED.
WASHINGTON, April 28.-An attack by
Bishop Keiley. of Savannah on President
Roosevelt in an address delivered there
Saturday created great Interest among
leading Catholic authorities. Cardinal
Martinelli is out of the city, but.it is
stated authoritatively that there " is no
likelihood of any action on the part of
the church as a\ result of ; the Bishop's
utterances. This .view is based on the
fact that the Bishep is an American citi
zen and has a right to give expression
to his views so far Vs. they are not derog
atory to .religion. Hp has always been sn
ardent Southerner tnd often expressed
the most intense Vjews regarding the
cause for which he fiught in the days of
the Confederacy. \
Archbishop Corrigm' Is Improvincr.
NBW YORK, April 2.— The condition of
Archbishop *i Corrigan ttjas greatly im
proved and he passed a\peaceful day. His
physicians report that the pneumonia is
now thoroughly broken aria the only dan
ger lies now in the patient's weakened
condition owing to J his long and ! severe
illness. His condition .to-iight .when Dr.
Leyds left the, archiepisctpal residence
was so far improved that it was consid
ered unnecessary to issue customary
nightly bulletin. . . ' \
ley's Utterances Against Presi-
dent , Roosevelt.
Church Will Not Notice Bishop Kei-
CATHOLIC ATTTHORITIES
NOT EXPECTED TO ACT
;?v,"Judge , Burgess" Issued an order as re
quested ¦' _by ; the Attorney General, .; sum
moning ; the '. persons .named , to , appear in
Jefferson .City on the date mentioned to
give testimony relative' to the. beef trust.:
. ¦ ¦-.:'¦;< ¦ i .-.¦:.-;•¦. ,':< ¦ '»¦.-;..¦
sented a; petition:to Chief Justice VGavan
Burgess of the Missouri Supreme Court,
asking Jthat he Issue ; an order , directing
' Charles W. Armour and : Kirkland / B.
Armour of the Armour Packing Company
of Kansas City;' J. H. Dold of the '.Jacob*
Dold ; Packing , Company," Kansas City ; O.
W. * Waller, agent! of Swift ,'& Co., South
St. Joseph ;.GusBischoff, secretary of the
St. Louis Dressed 1 v Beef 'and" Provision
Company,- St.; Louis,^ and Walter Pfelff er,
president , of the St. Louis Butchers',
Union,' St., Louis, to appear before Judge,
G. D.: Burgess 'on May 6 to answer such
relevant.. and material questions as "may
be put^to ; them ' byUhe /Attorney General
•of the State of Missouri, concerning! anv
alleged ; illegal contract, agreement, .. ' af
rangemerit,-combination, .- pool, under
standing, and' confederation ' to* fix,"; main
tain and regulate' the price to be'pald by
all retailers : and ¦' consumers v of dressed
beef and meats^of, all kinds, and to limit
the supply and production th^feof and to
•maintain!' such fixed i supply, /;. production
and : price : as ' agreed upon. .'.
OMAHA, 'April ' 28.— President Harrimaii
of the Southern Pacific, who hasjbeen ih
the: West for several ' days, asked the
head officials* of the Union Pacific to con
fer with him in San Francisco on May. 1
on matters" concerning the two J roads.
General Manager j Dickinson and General
Passenger Agent. Lomax left last ; night,
and President Burt, with other depart
ment ' heads, . started West to-day. The
exact nature of the conference is not
given oik,' buf It is understood 1 that It has
to do with the Salt < Lake-Los Angeles
cut-off and other Western improvements.
Harriinan'tbHold Conference.
f rom,Manila. Two companies, K and Mj
are stationed at. Fort Wright, Spokane.
The ; returned . soldiers confirm . ; the press
dispatches and give ; new details -which
came under their /personal observation;
The scouting party under Lieutenant Bol
ton' of Company | L, Seventeenth ! Infantry,
was -particularly bloodthirsty in' its meth
ods. There are two soldiers now at Fort
Wright ; who were with - Bolton ' on his
scouting trips. One of (.them is Private
Hihes^of Company; K and >. the other ' is
Ruf us Wilson of Company M.-. They were
detached from trie regular service ; in the
Philippines" and .'.were placed- in the squad
with .which Bolton . foamed over; the - isl
ands in quest of arms and Information;- T
"Lieutenant Bolton .. certainly ; treated
those natives most i cruelly,", said - Private
HInes ; yesterday. \ '.'I was with ¦ him' on" a.
scouting trip',< seventeen , ; days .;- In 'the
northern; part ; of Luzon. ., We would ran
sack the. native .towns -in search of •' arms
and information about the/, Insurrectos.'
,TVhen Bolton got hold a Filipino from
whom he' wanted to; get 'information the
showed him: no mercy. . I myself saw the
!water cure' : given three \ times ; on; that
trip.; One -time Bolton ! •was" unsatisfied
; with . giving ; the ordinary water. ¦ He tied
him 'down arid 'forced Shastaj water down
hid throat. < I wouldn't . stand --for such
cruelty as that, "and I. walked away. That
Shasta' water . is vile stuff. It" has a,ter
rible .taste and'it sickens a man'dread
'fully.. \,\' '";.-¦ ].y ; ' . > : , ; ; ;. ¦¦'••; ;. '
' VBefore I joined •: Lieutenant ' Bolton's
scouting • party he had got .Information
from : natives by .- hanging them to : trees.
Idid not see that myself, '< however. ; The
'water cure' is 'aT simple thing. The native ,
is tied down ¦ flat on * the' ground andt his
.niouth . forced > open ;-iwith .:'. sticks ; or a
string,, which is' tied ;behind his'-head. :
Then, water.-: is t poured /down 'his {throat
through a [bamboo- tube,";, which •¦ is nearly,
always . handyA Th'e y native must drink'the
stuff; and , it' Is* poured down's him" 1 - until* he
-j. April 28.-^Storles of
«^ -^T- fiendish cruelty practiced by
American soldiers in the'Phil
» ipplnes are confirmed by mem
.^¦^-^; bers of • .the \ Seventeenth ¦ In-
• .".' -.'.: ,:fantry, .who have just returned
; "Lieutenant j-Bolton had only from six
to a "dozen men with him on his scouting
trips, but: he .would -go anywhere. When
he came ,'¦ to a village where the - insur
rectos had : been centered he .would sum
mon the presidente before him. He would
demand ; Information , as ' ¦ to ] the where
abouts of the native < troops . or .would de
mand knowledge of hidden rifles! If -the
presidente was unwilling to talk he would
;get the 'water cure.' ; In one place we got
. thirty, rifles.; Lieutenant Bolton'.was cer
tainly - a brave •' man. He spoke ail .the
native, languages-: and. Spanish,, and he
was not '- afraid of anything. His men
.would go with -him any place." • ' ¦
"EriyateRuf us Wilson of. Company , M,
;who •• was with Bolton," refused ? to- talk
about '. the matter. •• "I ' don't . know ¦ any
thing about" the ¦ 'water cure,' "The; said,
doggedly, "and, if 1 did I wouldn't tell my
, own brother, . for It might get some 'of
ficers who are friends of mine into trou
ble.' '4%&&£B&G£2iv. v , '¦¦ ¦. .".- '.. ¦¦;¦:': '- ¦ :'¦
ways ready to talk.
~ . . ' ¦ » •¦•,,'
can hold no more. As much as a gallon
can .be: forced into a man in j that way.
Then the Jwater is pumped out of him by
stamping on his stomach or rolling him
over. When he comes to the native is al-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Returned Soldiers Tell of Brutal Deeds Com
mitted in the Philippines. t >
"Of course, if an officer or seaman vio
lates the law of a foreign country," the
Secretary continued, "he is liable to ar
mrest and punishment. I have not been in
iormed of the arrest of the officers. When
all the facts are at hand I think it will
fce found that the officers were not guilty
or riotous conduct, but interfered in bo
hcJf of 6ome of the enlisted* men who
may perhaps have got into trouble."
Secretary Long thinks it surprising that
he has not been informed of the trouble,
especially In view of the length of the
sentence given the men, and he believes
there must be some mistake.
THINKS IT IS A MISTAKE.
Secretary Long has not yet received a
word In regard to the reported arrest of
the Chicago's officers. The private ad
l ices that have reached here state that
Captain R. F. Wynne, United States Ma
line Corps, in command of the marine
guard of the Chicago: Lleutenat John
S. Doddricge, one of the watch officers,
jind Assistant Surgeon Robert E. Led T
better, surgeon cf the cruiser, were on
shore in Venice, and heard one of the
enlisted men engaged in an altercation
in 'a cafe. In the scuffle the cloth was
pulled from the table and the dishes
struck the floor with a crash. Captain
Wynne, Assistant Surgeon Ledbetter and
Lieutenant Doddridge immediately inter
fered in behalf of the man, and were ar
rested by the Italian guard."
CHICAGO, April 28.— Merchants and
manufacturers of Chicago have united- in
a strong protest to the Interstate Com
merce Commission, against alleged dis
crimination In transcontinental rates.. It
Is charged that by the rates made,: Chi
cago manufacturers are placed in 1 compe
tition with ¦¦ New York for Pacific Coast
trade and .for trade west ! of the", Rocky
Mountains. Attention is called, to the fact
that equal rates from New York. and Chi
cago - to Pacific .Coast | points practically
eliminate the j advantage which should be
Chicago's' owing -to her situation territo
rially. .. .¦; { : " : . : : V ? iWc
nation in Freight Rates.
Commission of Alleged Discrimi-.
Complain ' to .'interstate ': Commerce
MERCHANTS OF CHICAGO. . \
TTNITE IN STRONG PROTEST
message to the Dallas News from Mor
gan, Tex., says a tornado passed over
Glenrose, a small town in Somerville
County, between 5 and 6 p. m., killing
seven persons. Injuring forty more and
demolishing much property.
The dead:
Mrs. Gage.
Mrs. Carl Milan.
Two-year-old- daughter of J. R. Milan.
Rev. Mr. Ford, pastor of .the Methodist
church. ¦ ' .•;*!."-».'
Miss Mae Connell. .. •
Boy named Mudgrove.
Unknown woman.
The most seriously injured are:
Mrs. Tidwell, : Mrs.. Baschow, Mr. . and
Mrs. Thomas Trice and baby, Miss Fogg,
Mr. and Mrs. Shields, Miss Lewis of
Weatherford.
The Court-house was badly damaged, a
printing office was blown away, two sa
loons were partly ' destroyed. Meyers"
wareroom was demolished: Lilly & Son's
grocery store was blown away, a black
smith shop was destroyed and four build
ings of Hendricks & Son were totally de
molished.
One-third of the business houses of ; the
town were demolished. Assistance has
been sent to Glenrose from Morgan.
Forty Others Are Badly Injured arid
Much Valuable Property
Is Destroyed.
* DALI*AS, Tex., April 2S.— A telephone
TOENABO KILLS SEVEN
PEOPLE DT TEXAS TOWN
; "He admits that he issued " the orders
to make " Samar a howling wilderness,"
said Slbley, "and to kill all . over ten
years of age. Such a man should not.be
; permitted to stay In the army until the
sun goes down. He is a disgrace not only
to himself but" to every man who weara
his uniform. No man can justify such
orders, no, matter how adroit may be the
plea of his lawyers . and defenders. . Ha
admits he issued the orders and I hope
there is enough courage;.. patriotism ' and-
Christianity at the other end of the aveV
nue to see that he Is stripped- of his un/
form within, forty-eight hours." /.
Williams of Mississippi heartily h
dorsed', Slbley's onslaught upon Genrra*
' "I ¦ have heard ¦ of ; the ¦ Saracen scourge,
but, thank God, it took eighteen centu
ries after Calvary to produce a General
Smith."
He declared, that General Smith should
be discharged : In disgrace. /
Curtis of Kansas made a brief but fer
vent defense of General Funston against
the criticism to which he had been sub
jected. : i
"The people of Kansas," he began, "are
proud of the bravery and daring of gal
lant Fred Funston. (Applause on the Re
publican side). He • has beeii criticized
here, for an act which -for daring^ of con
ception' and execution ranks with the
greatest feats of arms— he captured th»
new, George Washington— Aguinaldo.
"If another . ' had accomplished what
General Funston did," he said, "the Dem
ocrats wduld- have made him their can- "
didate for President."
He called attention to the fact that his
promotion had been recommended by Gen
eral Wheaton and General Mac Arthur,
both soldiers of the Civil War, "soldiers
who knew more of.war and the- rules o£
war than all the politicians in this coun
try combined." And his commission, h«
added, was signed by the greatest Presi
dent we have ever " had— the soldier,
statesman and martyr— William McKIn
ley. (Applause.) ¦
Feeley- of Illinois submitted "some, re
marks in support , of , the contention that
the laws of 'neutrality , were 'being ' vio
lated by this Government in allowing tha
shipment of- mules and horses to South
Africa" for use by the British against tho
Boer republics. He said public sentiment
favored the cause of the Boers, and in
sisted that neither • secretly nor openly
should our Government extend aid to tha
British. Feeley and Gillette of Massachu
setts clashed on the interpretation of that
' portion e of the treaty of Washington
which ' bound the United States and Eng
land as to what constitutes ; ' war- ma
terials.
' then made -his bitter, denuncia
tion of General Jacob Smith. He said he
had always 'defended the course of the
administration and believed In expansion,
but when It came to such orders as Issued
by General Smith, humanity seemed to
have marched backward.' Said he:
"Water Cure" Varied
by Stringing Up
Natives.
;,THBRE tf GRESS3IEN .'"WHO ; i>E-^ ;
NOUNCEX* THE ACTS OF GEN
» - EEAL JACOB H. SMITH.
Gould interests will control the new
transcontinental road.-- Associated- with
them also will be Senator Clark of Mon
tana and other Western capitalists, . who
want a new outlet to the East and central
portions of the country.
' "If we should "secure the^tWiestern"
Mai-yland Railroad we should not need to |
build much track, and in that case Bal
timore would be our terminal. But New-,
port News $ffers better facilities."
"From San Pedro the road will run, to
Salt Lake City via the San Pedro, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake City Railway,
now building and about 300 miles of
which still remain to be built From Salt
Lake City to Denver and Pueblo the con
necting link will be the Denver and Rio
Grande Railroad. From Pueblo to St.
Louis the Missouri Pacific will furnish
the roadway. From St. Louis to Cleve
land or Buffalo the Wabash Railroad will
connect. # •
"Only about 600 miles remain to be cov
ered before the new road across the con
tinent will be an accomplished fact*" ex
plained ex-Congressman Kerens to-day.
"These unfinished spaces are at two
termini of the road. San Pedro, a port
close to Los Angeles, will be the Pacific
terminal of the new road. Newport News
or Baltimore will be the Atlantic term
inus. • .
For two days the three politicians have
been stopping in Chicago, where they
have conferred at the Auditorium Annex
on the advisability of making public the
plans which have been hatching for
months.
This announcement was made to-day as
the result of- u conference between Sen
ator Thomas Kearns of Utah, . Republi
can National Commltteeman; Richard C.
Kerens of Missouri, and ex- Assistant
Postmaster General Perry S. Heath of
Salt Lake City.
CHICAGO, April 28.— Another trans-,
continental railroad is to be stretched
•cross the United States from Southern
California to the Atlantic Coast. Chi
cago, although not directly on the pro
posed route, will be only 100 miles to the
northward, and will be connected with It.
The new road will be composed principal
ly of lines already in existence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Once on board their own ships they will
be investigated by a court of ¦ Inquiry,
which ¦will be ordered by Captain J. E.
Craig, senior officer In command of the
European station. If any of the Ameri
cans are found to blame they, will be
maritime nation are more or less accus
tomed to scenes of this kind, this is the
Crct time that officers have eo far dis
graced themselves.
ROME', April 28.— A painful Impression
has been caused at the American Em
bassy here by the actions at Venice of the
men from the Chicago. It was said at
the embassy that after the Italian court
hnd finished with the offenders they will
b"e arraigned before an American court
martial.
MAT BE COURTMARtflAXED.
WASHINGTON", April 28.— Action will
be taken by the United States to effect
the release of the officers of the cruiser
Chicago. Official advices confirmatory of
the report of their plight have not yet
reached the Navy or State departments,
but private information shows that it is
ytrue. The American Ambassador in Rome
twill make representations to the Italian
Government for the purpose of obtaining
the liberation of the prisoners.
This affair has produced the worst im
pression, as, although the Italians as a
The prisoners admitted that they were
drunk, but said they acted in self de
fense, averring that they were mobbed by
a crowd. Captain Wynne was sentenced
to four months and ten days' imprison
ment, and each of the others to three
months. The legal cost and compensation
for damage done will also have to be de
frayed by the prisoners.
In the course of the day the commander
of the Chicago, accompanied by the
American Consul, visited the Prefect and
expressed to the latter his deep regret at
the behavior of the four ! officers Impli
cated., He assured the Prefect that they
v.xuld be compelled to resign.
MOBBED BY A CEOWD.
VENICE, April 2S.-Captain Robert F.
Wynne, U. S. M. C. Assistant Surgeon
Robert E. Lefibetter. ' Lieutenant John
Doddridge and a marine named Wilfred
Lengley, all of the United States 'cruiser
Chicago, who were arrested on April 25
on the Piazza di San Marco, were to-day
brought up In a police court. According
to the police the Americans were guilty
of disorderly conduct in the square of St.
Mark's. The police were obliged to Inter
fere. They were charged with resisting
the police and wounding private citizens.
The Public Prosecutor asked for a sen
tence of seven months' imprisonment for
Captain Wynne and six months each for
the other offenders, besides compensation
for those who had been wounded. Two
of the Injured persons claim £160 each.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Slight attention Is paid to these charges.-
It happened that the goods Imported by
the firm to which Hart, the younger, be
longs, sometimes became mixed with ar
ticles Imported by the legation.-The;lat
ter, under courtesy shown diplomatic
agents, were admitted-free of duty. Vex
atious questions arose from the confusion,
which Hart asserts was entirely - acci
dental on his part. At the same time of-:
flcials of the State Department say /that
it is a mistake for a Minister 'tp permit
any of his relatives to engage in business
In the country to which he is accredited.
This was the charge made by .Spain
against General, Lee when he was Consul
General; in Havana: • Hart /emphatically
denies that he has aided the insurgents In
the , prosecution of their campaign' and
asserts that- his, course has ;b'een ; entirely
correct. " , The^ trouble Hartihas^HadAwith'
Jtiisldntllbrd'arVse'^tof'h^/a 1 !,^^^^!;
ment of : the house he occupied.' 1 The land
lord further alleges that certain articles
of furniture are missing. _-.—---.-..
Officials of the administration are dis
inclined to speak about the charges made
against Minister Hart." It is learned, how
ever, that the' Colombian authorities;be
lieve the American legation has been used
by thef insurgents :¦' for getting v infor
mation.
Hart arrived In Washington a few days
ago on leave of absence; He called at the
White House and ;the j Stated Department
and explained the. : facts. of , : the :. trouble
from his point of. view ;to the President
and Secretary Hay.'; >', V V; :; : *
. Recognizing the* undoubted right of Co
lombia to Insist upon, having in her^ cap
ital a diplomatic representative" agreeable
to her, the President will probably not
permit Hart to return to his post. V
Colombia's objection to Hart . is"- based
primarily upon her belief that he has been
giving assistance to the insurrection. She
has also transmitted charges arising out
of the' difficulties which the Minister has
had with his landlord and. the connection
of Hart's so'nVith a business firm In Bo
gota.' , -><v
¦ Special ¦ Dispatch to . The Call. .
, CALL BUREAU, 1405 G - Street N. W.,
WASHINGTON^ April]; 28.— Charles Bur
dett Hart, United 1 States -Minister to Co
lombia, has been .'declared persona non
grata by the. Bogotagdvernment.- Official
notification has been given to 'the Presi
dent that Colombia^finds herself unable to
treat longer with' Hart, and' she desires
that j another citizen of rthe -United States
be accredited, as Minister in his place. '
,J JEFFERSON' CITY.' Mo., April 28.—At
torney General Crow; this afternoon pre-
MISSOURI TAKES : HAND.
The; packers are charged with blacklist-
Ing, retailers who do not obey fixed 'rules
ofjThe trust.' They are charged .with hav
ing Van ¦ '. agreement to' lower and raise
prices at will with no particular regard
for the law of supply and demand/ They
are accused also of having applied" ah
iron' grip to throttle competition. The
main allegation is of course that "an
agreement exists- to v control the beef
trade. "vj ¦'• '.'¦¦.. - '.' ¦' ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ \- ..-:. '. " ¦ .. .",
< Attorney General .; Davles . of New York
will use the' evidence collected' in Chicago
thisweek as ammunition for", the fight he
is- to begin 'against the trust under the
law of that State i known ' as the Donnelly
anti-trust ; act. . , Its provisions . are similar
to ; those of the : Sherman law." ' '.. -¦: -..V
CHICAGO, April 28.— Whether injunc
tion proceedings against the beef trust
are brought at an early date or not there
Is no questioning the fact that Judge W..
A. Day, the Government's ¦ special attor
ney, believes strongly in getting at .the
preliminary proceedings as soon as pos
sible. . He arrived at the office j of United
States District Attorney Bethea an hour
before most business men were at their
breakfast tables. Bethea was no laggard
himself, and the attorneys went into con
ference at once. Some evidence was given
by persons supposed to know the Inside
of. the packers' ' affairs. It is said to be
convincing In Its nature. , It goes .almost
without saying, however, that the state
ments: as to the strength of the evidence
does not come from either Bethea'or Day.
There are few indications that the case
will bo before the Federal Court until
tho last of this week "or the first of next.
The outline of the asseveration to be made;
has been drawn. It is an outline merely,
and, may- be filled- in with much ''¦¦ more
matter, though there is a legal stability
to the skeleton as it stands. .
ATTORNEY DAY ACTIVE.
Attorney General Knox had a long con
ference with the President before Attor
ney General Davles visited either the
White House or the Department of Jus
tice. The Attorney General gave informa
tion regarding the progress of ' the . beef
trust litigation, and the President was
very much pleased to know what had
been accomplished. .
When Attorney General Davies left the
White' House he said; "I have received
a letter conveying . the proposition ; that ' 1
should meet representatives . of the big
packing-houses. Why I should meet them
or what. would happen as the result of
my. meeting them has not been disclosed.
But you can say that I have declined
emphatically to have anything to do with
any such conferences. I have no busi
ness conferring with these men. They are
charged, with violation of the law, with
oppressing the public. If they are guilty
it is my. business to prosecute them."
Attorney General Davies, accompanied
by Controller Miller of -New York,- ap
peared in Washington this morning,; paid
a quick visit to the White . House and
then called on Attorney General Knox at
the Department of Justice, where they
had a long conference, taking leave of
the Attorney General at 1:30 o'clock to
lunch with the President.
wttH Ttfae ' representatives of a combina
tion that* has been shown to be a notori
ous lawbreaker, and whom ' that official
will be 'required to prosecute criminally
and also to proceed against civilly.
In other words it was clearly an at
tempt jto bring the Attorney , General of
the -i State • of , New,, Yprk_to ', aj; conference
The first that was known about the as
tounding proposition appeared In a. New
York paper this morning and was widely
spread by the Associated Press. The
story was that Sulzberger, of Schwarz
child & Sulzberger, had said the price of
beef would come down to a normal figure
within thirty days, when the grass-fed
cattle come in from Texas. The article
then . went on to say that through the
influence of a committee of a Republican
club of New York a conference would be
held In Washington on Thursday between
Attorney General Da vies on one side* and
the representatives of the trust on the
other. This conference was apparently
to be held for the purpose of permitting
the representatives of the^ trust to mako
promises to reduce the price of "meat, in
return for which something, not clearly
defined, might happen in connection with
the prosecutions now under way or in
contemplation by the United States, and
the State of New- York.
CANNOT STOP iPBOSECTTTION.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, ;.-N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 28.— There will
be no conference between Attorney . Gen
eral Knox, Attorney. General Davles of
New York and representatives of the beef
trust. This decision was reachedin Wash
ington this afternoon after very pointed
conferences at the. White: House and the
Department of Justice. Indeed, It was
only necessary to have the matter brought
to the attention of the President, Attor
ney General Knox and Attorney General
Davles to have it rejected as something
not to be entertained for an instant. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
Attorney General Is
Not Willing: to
Compromise.
Gould Interests Are
Associated With
Clark.
Men From the Cruiser
Chicago in Bad
Plight.
Serious Charges Are
Made Agairistthe
Diplomat^
Six Hundred Miles
Remain to Be
Covered.
Colombia) Declares
Him Persona
Non Grata^
The Federal and State
Officials Are
Captain Wynne of the
Marines Heads
the List.
Conference Scheme
of Beef Trust Is
a Failure.
Old Roads Formed
Into Transconti
nental Line.
But Minister Hart
to Bogota. ; :;-¦
Engage in Row at
Venice and Are
Sentenced.
CANNOT
PREVENT
PROBING
LINKING
EXISTING
RAILWAYS
AMERICAN
OFFICERS
IN PRISON
DENIES
AIDING
REBELS
Confirms the stories
OF FIENDISH CRUELTY
VOLUME XCI— 1STO. 150.
SAN FKANCISCQ; TUESDAfT, rAPRIL 29, 1902.
PKICE FIVE CE^TS.
The San Francisco Call.¦ conceded that Dr. .Oronhyatekha will suc
ceed himself.
SUPREME COURT OFFICERS.
The following named" are the officers of
the Supreme Court of the Independent Or
¦ der of Foresters: ¦_ ¦ .t ¦¦
" Executive council — Supreme chief ¦• ranger.
Oienhyatekha, M IX, Toronto. Ontario; past
supreme chief ranger, Hon. Judge W. Wedder
burn Hampton; N. B. ; supreme vice chief ran
ger. ¦"Victor Morin. St. Hyaclnthe. Quebec; su
preme secretary, J..A. McGilliyray. Q. C..' To
ronto, Ontario; supreme treasurer, • H. A. Col
lins, Toronto,- Ontario; supreme physician;
Thomas • Millman, M. D.. Toronto. Ontario; su
frtme counselor, Hon. BUlot G.- Stevenson, D«
rolt. Mich. .... . • . ... ¦'
Auditors — B. W. Greer. . London, Ontario; C.
If Fitzgerald, Buffalo, N. Y,1,
¦ .Appointed " officers— Supreme orator, Rev.
James Cregan, Belfast. Ireland; supreme . S.
J. .8.,'. George A." Harper, Ohlo;"supreme S. of
J.- 1 G. , '. James Marshall, I London, England ; I su
premo .organist. Professor J. C. Morgan, . Onta
-rlo:-supreme 8 \V., Dr. C. G. Frowert, Phila
delphia/.Pa.; supreme J.:. W.,. James Clancy,
Ontario; .Bupreme ;. marshal,. -.G. •' A., McElfresh,
Loa Angeles,. Cal.; . supreme : conductor. . Plor
encb Dan6htie. Chicago, 111.: supjtfme messen
ger,. J.'A..Jenklns,*Cardlff, Wales; supreme St.
pfarer, Q. , P.: Stockwc.U, Attica, N. Y.; .su
preme St. bearer, A. K. P.Meserye, Portland,
JPKOMINENT: FORESTERS WHO, WILL
'¦> PARTICIPATE, ; IN v'THE. SUPREME
'COURT'S DELIBERATIONS. 'J-
NEW YORK, April 28.— Ex-Captala
Putnam Bradlee Strong and May Yohe,
the divorced wife of Lord Francis Hope,
were passengers on the steamer Kaiserln
Maria Teresa, which arrived to-day from
Mediterranean points,/ Their names ap
peared on the passenger list as Herr
Strong and Frau Strong. : Tv?'- =* •'•;•'— ; J*
May .Yohe Returns to New York.
DUBLIN, April- 2S.— The royal arms
over .the door of. the Mayor's office at
Limerick disappeared last night. Tho
arms had been a 'Ted rag" for tho Na
tionalists of late, and the Mayor, Mtw
Daly, wanted to remove them. The po
lice have arrested Councilor Joseph
Ryan, a member of the corporation. In
connection with the occurrence, which
has caused quite a sensation. -
Royal Arms Disappear.
NEW YORK, April 28.— The first squad
ron of the Second United States Cavalry,
composed of Troops A, B, C and I, under
command of Major waiter C. Schuyler.
arrived here to-day from Matanzas.
Cuba, on the steamer Curityba. They will
go to Fort Ethan Allen, Ninety men of
the First and Third squadrons of . . tha
Second Cavalry and 350 horses arrived!
here last night, bound for the same des)E
tlnation. ',' • . .
Cavalry Returns From Cuba.
cess in Los Angeles so as to hold the last
day's session in San Francisco. '- The
supreme officers and representatives will
leave Los Angeles on Monday, May 6,
coming to this city by a special train
over the coast line.- On Tuesday, the 6th,
the Supreme Court will hold its final
meeting in the assembly hall of the Bed
Men's, building" on* Post street, and In the
evening the supreme chief ranger and
the other members of the court will be
tendered a public reception at the Alham
bra Theater by the local courts. "There
will be four musical numbers, an address
of welcome by Mayor Schmltz and a re
sponse -by Oronhyatekha, S. C. R., and
addresses by prominent members of. the
visiting body. • ¦••.-•¦¦ - A -
" On the following, day the. members of
the. Supreme Court will be taken on' a
bay ; excursion on one of the large boats.
This will be open to all members of the
order in thi3 city, their relatives and
friends. The vessel will land at North
Vallejo, where the members of the Su
preme Court will y disembark and become
the guests. of Court Solano. together with
the members, of the San Francisco com
mittee of arrangements. While these are
enjoying the hospitality of the Vallejo
court the other . excursionists will be
taken to Mare Island, where they will be
permitted to land and inspect the navy
yard. The Supreme Court, together with
the members of Court Solano. will .visit
the navy yard later and the visitors will
then return to the boat that brought
them. '; ¦ •;¦;;..
HAVANA, April 28.— President-elect
Palma left Bayamo early this morning
for Manzanlllo. At Yara he met General
Bartolome Maso. the candidate of the
Democratic party for the presidency of
Cuba, but who withdrew from the cam
paign, and received an affectionate greet
ing from him. General Maso pledged hl3
support to the President-elect. The re
ception accorded Senor Palma at Man
zanlllo outdid any thus far tendered him.
The entire Spanish colony turned out in
his honor.
General Maso Pledges Support
England. \ , v ."
LONDON, April 28.— The efforts of th»
Protestant Alliance to expel the Jesuits
from England, under tho act of G«° r e a
IV have again failed. The Alllanca
originally applied to a « a f? st J at °, '?*
summonses on the ground .^at certaia
Jesuit priests were guilty of misdemean
ors which, under the ancient^ law. In
volved banishment for life. Tha magis
trate declined to grant the
holding that the act was obsolete. Oa
appeal in the King's Bench division of
the High Court of Justice to-day the Loni
Chief Justice, Lord Riverstone, held that
the magistrate had the right to review
the summonses and refused to Issue a
mandamus to compel the magistrate to di»
SO. - ¦':'¦'- -"
Fails in Its Attempt to Have th3
Jesuits Expelled From
PROTESTANT ALLIANCE . i' 3
MEETS WITH DEFEAT!
In the House of Commons to-day tha
President of the Board of Trade, Gerald
Balfour, replying to a question, said tha
board had no power to request tho dis
closure of any agreement for the transfer
of a British ship to a foreign owner, nor
to reauire the White Star line, or other
lines which had - entered Into the Ameri
can combination to disclose tho terms of
their agreements with the American syn
dicate or to produce any facts showing
the status of the persons -who, under tha
agreements, acquired a Share In the con
trol or beneficial interest in the ships con
cerned. .The effect of the shipping com
bination, he added, was engaging tne seri
ous attention of the British Government.
Replying to questions on the same topia
In the House of Commons to-day tha
Secretary of the Admiralty. Arnold-Fos
ter, said the Admiralty was of the opinion
that the services of merchant cruisers
should be continued, if compatible with
reasonable expenditures. Such subsidies
would not~seriously affect the expenditure
on fast cruisers, wnose services could not
be performed by mercantile cruisers. Tha
Government's present arrangements gava
It the power of utilizing in war time i a
certain number of merchant steamers
and gave it a lien on steamers now being
constructed^ -*¦''- ¦ - -
LONDON, April 28.— The Parliamentary
committee appointed by the Admiralty to
consider the question, of subsidies as af
fected by the new Atlantic shipping com
bination and the best means of obtaining
for the naval service auxiliary steamers
of greater speed and efficiency than tho
ships now employed, will bepreslded over
by the Earl of Camperdown, a former
Lord o£ the Admiralty. The other mem
bers of the committee are Vice Admiral
Fitzgerald, Professor Byles, Captain Saf
ford, R. N., and representatives of tha
Treasury and the Postoffice. The commit
tee will report on the modifications neces
sary in existing contracts, and what al
terations In the present rate of subsidy
will be necessary to prevent vessels pass-
Ing to a foreign flag without permission
of the Admiralty.
-¦ ¦ :••-¦¦.•;,•
Committee Is Appointed to
Consider the New Com
bination.
Lose the Control of
Steamers.
Great Britain Is Loth to
MAY INCREASE
SUBSIDY RATE
Continued From Page One.
CflHFIRM THE STORIES* OF CRUELTY
twenty-four counts In the Indictments.
Though Rhodes and Schultze, the . two
principal witnesses, have died since the
case -was first filed, their evidence, in the
form of affidavits, denouncing ' the : signa
tures on the notes as forgeries," holds
good. - <• I • - . ¦ ;¦-. -;¦ .; • -
. ; ¦ The i .Angelus j piano •;' recital,' -.. postponed
frdmj>last ;: Saturday f on"- account of : . the
strike,-"; takes 'l place .' at '• Sherman,'^ Clay ' &
Co.'s, Hall next. Saturday; afternoon. -Mr.
Herbert •.Williams/.' tenor i soloist:' ; Tickets
at (Sherman,: Clay & Co.'s store. • .
CAPE ; TOWN. April 28.— The . trial ; of
Princess Radziwlll, on '¦¦ the charge " of for
gery in connection with notes purporting
to have been indorsed by the late Cecil
Rhodes.*- but .which he ' repudiated, '• began
in the Supreme Court here 'to-day; before
the Chief ; Justice.-. The Princess ¦ pleaded
not guilty and counsel for the defense ap
plied . f or a postponement of ; the • trial r in
order to obtain evidence i. from England.
The application ; was . refused. There are
Princess' on Trial for - Forgery.
' Itdhing, Blind,': Bleeding: or Protruding Pllei.
No cure. No Pay.': All druggists are authorized
•by; manufacturers ¦ of * Paxo Ointment '-, to refund
money, whece It faiUito cure any case of piles,'
no matter or how long standtnK.-Curea ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases In fourteen days.
One ' application » gives ' ease •' and .rest. > Relieves
itching Instantly. ; This is a new. discovery, and
is the only - pile t remedy - sold on 'positive > jfuar
' antee, ; no : cure, j no ' pay. • A free : sample'', will , b/
( Kent 'by 'mall to any one ; sending name and ad .
drese. >* Pricey COO If your druggist don't keep
it in stock send 60c in stamps and we will for
.ward .full size box ¦ by mall, l Manufactured i by
PARIS 1 MEDICINE I CO..*, St. \ LkjuIs.T Mo., ;, who
' also ; manufacture -¦•. the r celebrated ¦ cold , ' cure,
Laxative iBromo-Qulnlne'. Tablets. -r ':'.-"¦
l'iHfilliyillwilii l llllilf#"i iH I iiwf gawwwdWwMWII^BBB
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
IiOrd Beresf ord Takes the Oath.
-; LONDON, ' April 28.— The . first official
act ! of Bear Admiral Lord | Charles Beres
f ord • (Conservative) after taking the I oath
In ' the 'House > of Commons- to-day was to
give notice that to-morrow he would pre
sent 1 a" motion to reduce :the salaries *of
Brodrick." the Secretary of i State i for War,
and • the Earl | of \ Selbourne, . First • Lord of
the -Admiralty, In '¦ order, to ' call attention
to; the fact 'of, direct- responsibility, in the
administration . of ; both the army ; and^ the
navy. :': ; : '-'-'\"'.. :-^^ ,'- ¦.-...-¦:
.'Simmons confessed; to a feeling .of ,'ahirm
for; his 'own ¦; section : of ¦ the l- country •; over
the- prospect ¦; of • the . admission ¦-' to >: the.
United States of the ragriculturaljiroducts
of, the islands. : for, : with* the t cheap 'labor
there, those products; could be; produced
Simmons referred' to the order Issued
by ' General Smith . to make the island of
Samaria "howling wilder ness, '.'..and -~to
slay all male. inhabitants; over ten years
of- age.. V-'* -'. :;'-. : n:,- '•:¦¦¦ * : ; »¦¦-'; "./•^;.'i:'X-i<.-- ;.
'. "No order, recorded" in all- history/' "h©
declared," "parallels " that order
that of Herod the King. ,-•"¦.>*••• -
"I feel,"; he continued,' " "like /'Calling
upon the great, brave and' humane man
now. In' the ¦ White. House \to ¦ probe ) theso
thmes , to i the bottom and at , least to make
them: odious.'l- ¦"-.:". .,¦',¦ ';¦' -¦-.. -,-V-i---. ~y,':y:-.; : ¦ ¦;
WASHINGTON, April 28.— In the Senate
to-day Simmons of North Carolina spoke
In opposition to . the ' Philippine Govern-,
ment bill. He urged that the Philippines
ovight to be turned over to the- Inhabitants
of the islands; , There: was no -reason, in
his -mind, why independence should b6
granted to the Cubans and denied to the
Filipinos.: ¦ He said it was .the
purpose of the Republican party, to- retain
the t, Philippines; permanently, but.he^dld
not believe the subject had been " settled
finally by j the "American people. , Person
ally, he had no doubt that the;? Islands
oughtto be turned over, to their Inhabi
tants, as he felt, they were entirely*capa
ble of. establishing a proper govfernhient,
although, they may not be capable: of es
tablishing and 'maintaining such a"gov
ernment as ours. The Filipinos by. hered
ity,- he' thought, were not fitted, for "our
kind of government. " • r
Against Cruelty to Natives.
Senator Simmons ? Also Protests
OPPOSES PHrLIPPIKTE BIIX.
WASHINGTON. April 28.— The State
Department has had some correspondence
with the Government of Mexico regard
ing the case of ex-Councilman Kratz.who
is a' fugitive from Justice > from St. Louis,
charged with bribery. The : man, at ; tho
department's instance, has been arrested
and is locked Up at Guadalajara, j but an
the offense with j which j he is charged is
not. one .of/ the offenses .named "in the
treaty as subject to extradition the de
partment has bfeen trying, to.procure his
delivery to the Missouri authorities as a
matter j of comity. . Considerable obstacle
has been encountered in: the shape of a
polite suggestion of the Mexican authori
ties . that they will ; do , this, but only on
the understanding that the United States
Government will reciprocate in kind when
occasion arises. This is an embarrassing
condition, impossible of fulfillment, for no
American ? court 'could 'deliver .a : fugitive
from. justice if. his offense is not set out
in the -, extradition treaty. ,• It is : thought .
an effort will be made to secure the pun
'ishment of Kratz ,¦ by Mexican^ courts if i
he cannot be returned to. Missouri.
ST.- " LOUIS,' April :' 28.— Chief ; of Detec
tives- William Desnlond " and ..Detective
Thomas; McGrath : will leave to-night . for
the' City.; of Mexico to bring back Charles
Kratz, .. ex-City Councilman, ; indicted '„ for,
bribery; and 'a ¦. fugitive *from justice^ who
is under arrest at Guadalajara, Mexico.
It Is believed that when the St. Louis of-,
ficials reach; the Mexican capital ¦ all will
have been' arranged for the surrender of
Kratz..; / : •¦.¦¦.:¦._¦ ,-'^ . ¦ ¦ .< -¦,;,..¦.<-•-. .
TKENTON, N. J., April 28.— The United
Copper Company, with an authorized cap
ital stock of $80,000,000, was incorporated
here to-day.- The company is authorized
to mine, 6melt and manufacture copper,
gold, silver and other metals. The capital
stock is divided, into $5,000,000 preferred
and J75.0W.O00 common stock. It is provid
ed however,' that the issued capital stock
shall not exceed $5,000;000 preferred . and
$45,000,000 common except on the affirma
tive vote of three-fourths of the directors
of the company and the holders of two
thirds of tne stock of each class. It is
provided that the preferred stock shall
draw 6 per cent cumulative interest.
There is a proviso that the company may
sell its entire plant with the consent of
three-fourths of the directors and the
holders of two-thirds of the stock of each
class. The registered agent of the com
pany is the Hudson Trust Company of
Hoboken, N. J., and the incorporators are
Horatio Whitridge Trumbull, .New York;
Arthur Browniee,^ Princeton; . .'.John
French.- New York. The papenrwere filed
by the law. firm of Carey & Whitridge of
N^W°y6rK; April 28.— According to
Vice President John Maginnia of- the
Montana Ore Purchasing Company and
other Helnze properties the new company
will have in its treasury 95 per cent' of
the common- stock of these, companies:
Tne Montana Ore Purchasing Company,
the Nipper Consolidated Copper Company 1 ,
the Minnie Healey Copper Mining Com
pany, the Cobra-Rock- Island Copper Min
ing Company and the Belmont Copper
Mining Company. , -
The company will also have $1,000,000 of
the first mortgage bonds of the Montana
Ore Purchasing. Company and ; $2,
600,000 first mortgage bonds of the. Nipper
Company. ' These bonds represent .the
only bonded indebtedness : of the compa
nies named. , ,
Smith, whom he described as a "brute in
uniform.", ¦•¦ , • / :
"But I am a little afraid,". he continued,
"that he does not strike >the evil In the
right quarter. It is the system which
should be struck at, not the man who.un
consciously Carries out the spirit of the
system. Whenever there is a war. of con
quest against a weak and inferior ; people
deeds of brutality naturally occur..: The
chief danger Is not the Injury to the weak
race, but that the temptation to tyranny
will react. upon the strong. race and make
brutes of .its soldiers. ¦ For that reason
such wars should be avoided.. I- agree
with the gentleman from: 'Pennsylvania
that • there can ¦ be < no justification for a
Civilized man to Issue an .'Order , to ;, lay.
waste a whole country and - kill • every
body, including children -over ten years
of age." . ' . ' '¦¦ ¦'¦':
New Company Is'Fbrmed
With a Capital of
$80,000,000.
Crime With Which Kratz
Is Charged Is Not
Extraditable.;
MANILA, April 28.— The trial by court
martial of General** Jacob H*. .Smith, .on
thVcharge of conduct prejudicial to good
order and ¦ discipline, was 'resumed' here
to-day. Major .Lyttleton W. T.v Waller
of. the Marine Corps testified to receiving
from General .Smith the orders to "kill
and.burn"and render Samar; Va howling
wilderness," previously, referred .to in
these dispatches. The natives of Samar,
said Major Waller, were more treacher
ous and implacable than the tribesmen
of the Soudan. Without General- Smith's
drastic measures the war there would not
have 1 been , ended yet. . General - Smith
never Intended killing, women or children.
. Corporal Pritchard of the Ninth Infan
try, who took part in the fight at Gana
dara, testified that he saw. boys of 12
years : of age fighting and slashing with
bolos, '• '¦ ;¦¦¦¦,¦-.: :>.¦¦-.¦•"¦¦•¦¦. .. ; . ¦¦.;¦
Sergeant Bonicastleof the Ninth Infan
try; testified regarding," Captain P. K.
Schoeffel's fight at Dap-Dap, Province of
Samar, , against ;¦¦ Dios-lMos fanatics; v He
saw a soldier attacked by two boys under
15, one. armed with a bolo and the other
with a 'dagger. ; • - - '-. . -=.->*
.Private ; Nicklo of the Ninth v Infantry
explained the dangers and difficulties of
servic"e in the island of Samar. . '
- S Private 4 Nanjot of i the Tenth Cavalry
told, how, Americanists v (natives friendly
to the Americans) were butchered in cold
blood.- . •¦ ' . . . i •¦ •. , ;..
-Sergeant Brumby of the Ninth Infantry,'
a' survivor of the Balangiga massacre, de
, scribed the • disaster, Including the • muti
lation of. the American dead by the Samar
natives. ¦- • '¦¦ -,¦-••'¦ "¦' ¦- , : -?' > ."-.-v\tV.,v- ¦•'t.' : -.-:
¦ Five men. of the constabulary, have been
ambushed I at San r Juan ¦ del I Monte; . near
Manila: . One of > the party was killed - and
one "injured. .-The •Filipino, band
of Ithlrty ;Ladrones, twell .armed,"= most of
them carrying Mauser rifles. s A force of
constabulary Is scouring the neighborhood^
for the bandits/' ¦¦ v .•:;;: ..«^. v :
"The; surrender, of. the -insurgents of the
island of Samar, headed' by General'Gue
varra." who succeeded General * Lukban • In
that 'island, > has been fi officially effected;
though some southern' posts are yet-to be
heard from.r'-It Is 1 ' believed; however, that
the Insurrection -in Samar ;ls tended, s •
"Kill and Burn" Order.
Soldiers Testify in Defense of Smith's
SAY BOYS WIELD BOLOS.
In the Philippines more cheaply than In
this country. •••'- - -
The Philippines bill was laid aside and
consideration of \ the sundry civil appro
priation bill begun.
MAY PROSECUTE
HIM IN MEXICO
TREASURER SHAiW'S SPEECH
CAUSES WEATHY COMMENT
LONDON, April 28.— The speech of
United States Secretary of the Treasury
Shaw at Plttsbur^ April 26. at the ban
quet in celebration of the .late General
Grant's birthday, has thus far passed un
noticed by the London press with the ex
ception of the Globe, which is exceeding
ly wrathy at euch a responsible person
"tickling the ears of groundlings with a
speech full of menace to America's only
friend among the powers of Europe."
After quoting the speech the Globe con
tinues:
We are notETcaly concerned either for the
threat or the crude vulgarity which cause*
Sliaw to apply it to a particular power, but
what impresses us with a sense of American
decadence Is the manner In which the absurd
spt*ch was received. Were an English minis
ter of Bhaw's position to make & similar allu
sion to a foreirn power all the chancellories of
Eurcpe would be convulsed. But England heeds
It not a whit, and the rest of the world shrugs
Its shoulders and talks about diplomacy In
shirt sleeve*. *
COMBINES BIB
COPPER PLANTS
Among those" In "the party- of visitors
SOME NOTABLE VISIT OKS.
the East spent the day in Santa
Monica, where Forester Day was cele
brated. A large number of local members
of the order accompanied the supreme
defegates, the heayy travel to the sea
shore taxing the capacity of the trans
portation lines.
Headquarters of the . Supreme Court
have been established at the Hotel Van
•Nuys, where to-night a reception was
tendered Dr. Oronhyatekha,' supreme chief
ranger," and the supreme executive, com
mittee. When the first session , of '. the
court begins to-morroW, It Is." expected
there will be,3000 Foresters in th'e city.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— The 200
members of the Supreme Court
of the Independent Order of For
esters who arrived. In this city
last night by a special train from
Mo.; supreme Sd. bearer, O." L. "Dickinson,
Manotlck, Ontario; supreme Sd. bearer,' P. M.
Breton, Montreal, Quebec; supreme S. beadle,
Frank Dullam, Flint, Mich. ; supreme J. bea
dl«% William Klnghorn, St. Marys, N. B. . ,
. Past executive Officers — Past Supreme chief
ranger, Hon. D. D. Alkin, Flint." Mich. ; past
supreme vice chief ranger, J. B. Halkett, Otta
wa, Ontario; past 'supreme secretary,' E. ¦ S.
Cummer.- Toronto.' On t, ¦ ' '
Medical board— Pierce N. Banker, M. D..
Elizabeth. N. J. ; Martlndale C. "Ward, M. IX.
London, England.' ".-'¦.•.
The representatives are from all parts
of the world. , /
¦. .. < . . ¦ m -
COMING TO SAN FBANCISCO.
Last Day's Session Will Be Held in
; the Metropolis.' ;.-i"
At the solicitation of Colonel (3. A/ Mc-
Elf resh, the high chief ranger, "of the
Jurisdiction of California, the . Supreme
Court of Foresters decided to take a re-
from abroad are:; Hon. W. W. Hunter.a
prominent barrister of,; Toronto: A. E.
Stevenson, general manager of the United
States branch of the Foresters; R. Lee
Bryce, head of the Austrian branch of
the order; C. H. E. Rae, president of the
Actuaries' Insurance Association' of Great
Britain; Rev. Dr. Ryley, angllcan bishop
of Western Australia, and Supreme Secre
tary J. A. McGillivre-y. x ;.. -
A company of Royal Foresters. -from'
Saginaw, Michigan, under the command
of Major Harrison, accompanied the party
as guards of honor to the supreme offi
cers. • The company is composed of twenty
Royal Foresters, and Is said to be the best
drilled company In the order. ' - -,U
The Supreme Court session will open in
Blanchard. Hall a* 10 o'clock to-morrow
forenoon. In the evening there vwilL be a
public reception, to which all are Invited,,
in Simpson Auditorium, where • Governor.
Gage will speak in welcome on. behalf 61
the State and Mayor Snyder for- the ( city.
On Wednesday the election of officers for
the nextrthree years will be held.-' jy. Is
At 9 o'clock to-night a banquet of 300
covers was spread in the Gayoso Hotel
in honor of Admiral Schley. Admiral
•Schley and Governor- McMillin spoke.
Mrs. Schley was entertained to-night by
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion.
Reception, Banquet and Other Social
Functions Eequire All of
His Time.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., April 28.— The first
day cf the visit to Memphis of Admiral
and Mrs. Schley opened with lowering
clouds and occasional showers'. iThe pa
1 rade was postponed Until to-morrow.
Many prominent people paid their re-
Epects to the admiral and bis wife dur
ing the morning hours, including Gov
ernor Benton McMillin and wife.
After luncheon the admiral and his wife
were driven to the Auditorium, where a
magnificent silver service was presented
to Admiral Schley on behalf, of 18,000 sub
scribers to a fund for the purpose. The
movement to present a testimonial to the
admiral was begun by- the Commercial-
Appeal about a year ago, and contribu
tions were made in small amounts from.
Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama and Ten
nessee. Former Senator Thomas B. Tur
key made the presentation speech, and
Admiral Schley accepted the gift.
ADMIRAL SCHXET SPENDS
A BUSY DAY AT MEMPHIS
Oregon— Inci — M&hlon T. Ttunyan,
Portland, $S; John A. Reeves, Alba, $8:
William Wintermantel, Fulton, $8; Israel
A. Benner, Portland, $12. Widows — Mary
Chllson, Eugene, $12. 'j
Washington — Increase — James Jackson,
Orting, W, John F. Moberley, LJnd, $3.
Widows— Rowena V. Smith, mother, Ta
coma. $12; Cyncbia A- McKenny, Olym
pia, $35.
Army orders — The leave of absence
granted Lieutenant Colonel Forrest H.
Hathaway, deputy quartermaster general
of the Department of California, is ex
tended three months. Major Richard A.
Johnson, surgeon, now on leave of ab
sence at San Francisco, is relieved from
further duty at Fort Douglas, Utah, and
assigned to the Department of California.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— Frederick Schreck
ler, Los Angeles, $6; Francis Donarin.
Blue Lake, $10; John Andreas, San Jose,
$6; John Norman, San Francisco, $6. Mex
ican War— Osborn L. Wilson, Hanford,
Ji. Increase— Alfred Adams, San Diego,
,5S; David Lowe, Soldiers' Home, " Los
Angeles, $10; Victor Eifert, Bogus, $12;
Harlow G. Coleman. Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12; Carl L. Ellermeyer, Napa,
$12; Arthur Holdridge, Ontario, $10; Fred
erick M. Hahn, Oakland, $30. Widows-
Rebecca N. Whiting, Clements, $8; Annie
O. Tillson, San Francisco, $8.
Postmasters commissioned - 1 - Califor
nia—George M. Francis, Napa; Helen
Bartholomew, Occidental; Jerry Adams
Corte Madera; Elizabeth R. Stewart,
Brookdale. Oregon — Benjamin Roberts,
Templeton. "Washington — William J.
Wrigrht, Grove. Appointed— California—
C. S. Meacham, Buttonwillow, Kern
County, vice I. E. Brown, deceased. Ore
gon—Abbie J. Brown, Crystal, Klamath
County, vice D. G. Brown, resigned, i B.
D. Thompson, Wimer, Jackson County,
vice E. J. Vangoethem, resigned.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April
office established— California— Brookdale,
Santa Cruz County. Postoflice name
changed — California -Adams, Marin
County, to Corte Maderal, Posloffice to be
discontinued May 15 — Washington — Fair
holme, Clallam County, mail to go to
Piedmont. .'••..
Postal Service and More New
Pensions Granted.
Several Changes Are Made in the
OF. INTEREST- TO PEOPLE .
OF THE PACIFIC , COAST
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The con
ferees on the Chinese exclusion bill have
reached a complete agreernent.
It strikes out that portion of the Senate
bill limiting the extension of all exlstia!?
laws to the life of the present treaty and
re-enacts them bo far as 1b not Inconsis
tent with the treaty obligations -until
otherwise provided by law and extends
the laws to our island territory so far
as applicable.
It allows Chinese to enter for exposition
purposes and retains the provision re
garding certification in the Philippines. •
In the House the conference report on
the Chinese exclusion bill was adopted
without comment.
In the Senate Platt of Connecticut pre
sented the conference report on the Chi
nese exclusion bill. He briefly explained
that after a "somewhat strenuous discus
sion" the conferees had agreed that no
definite limitation should be placed upon
The operation of the Geary law as re
enacted, but that it should remain in
force until otherwise provided by law.
In response to inquiries by Teller, Platt
explained that the operation of the law in
the Philippines, including a registration of
the Chinese in the islands, had been
placed in the hands of the Philippine
Commission, but the commission would
have no authority to admit Chinese to the
islands.
Without further comment the confer
ence report •sras ajxeed to.
Philippine Commission Will
Register Mongolians in
the Islands.
No Definite Limitation Is
Placed on Operation
of the Law.
EXCLUSION BILL
IS AGREED UPON
Little Doubt That Dr. Oronhyatekha
Wi 11 Be Re-elected S upreme
; Chief Ranger, is
Governor Gage and flayor Snyder
come to the Visitors.
Supreme Court Delegates Spend a
Day at the Santa Monica
Celebrate an Anniversary That Is
Dear to 1 h e M em be rs of
FORESTERS FROM MANY CLIMES ASSEMBLE
TO PARTAKE OF LOS ANGELES HOSPITALITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1902.
2
• ¦ ¦ ¦ Time for your straw hat — the spring rains are |
. over. This Atill' be a straw hat year-^-even in San Fran- I
We have straw hats in Fedoras, Pantourists and I
yachtshapts in rough or smooth straw, palm, Porto I
\ Ricanstralv, imitation Panama or Milan braids, and
the priced are 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1:25, $1.50, $2.00,
¦.'¦..": $2.56 ancy$3.oo. t . - '
. Thele prices mean that the hats are sold at lower,
v. ' ';, prices than asked by exclusive dealers; a glance at "the'
hats is conclusive evidence.
..::. For outing wear during the summer months we •
¦'•have'. men's' and ladies' crash hats at 50c arid $1.00.
.: / tut-of-totm orders filled— write us. 1
I .718 Market; Street. 1
..¦¦¦-'"./ "*" ¦"'.¦.' "¦ ? . H '
I
A Cooling
. Horsford's Acid Phosphate -
quenches abnormal thirst, re-
pairs -weak nerves, improves
appetite, promotes digestion,
clears the brain, overcomes •
exhaustion, and increases the -
capacity for hard mental and
Ehysicai labor. Insist ; on
aving
Ilov'<sJFovd*!$.
Acid
\ Phosphate.COMMITTEES ABE^NAMED.
r WittLtheJ openingof the afternoon- ses
sion -; committees were appointed as fol
lows: '\..J . ¦'.X-.':.. * ;_.-,;: • -.
Finance — Andrew Mocker, J. M. Handleyf
Percy V. Lone; T. J. Bowen.
Appeals and grievances — Edward A. Forbes,
William H. Devlin, M. T. Doollntr.
Petitions — George A. Oakes, H. Lltchenberg
er, Bismarck Bruck.
Returns — Fred Wehe, Thomas E. Curran,
Louis Nonnenman.
State of the order — Frank R. Wehe, A. M.
Smith, C. G. Halllday, George Cosgrove, W.
A. Gett. • • .
Legislation — C. M. Belshaw, J. A. ' Devoto,
C. P. Vlclni, L. C. Pistolesi, Martin Murphy.
Ritual — Percy V. Long, B. K. Knight, Emilia
Lastreto, George Dofmeister, William T. Crary.
Printing and BUpplies-r^Thomas E. Hearty,
Charles H. Turner, J. Ernest Hayden. .
Laws and supervision — H. G. W. Dlnkelsplel,
John T. York, W. J. Wynn, W. P. Humphrey,
C. D. Hayward.
Literature — George E. Catts, Daniel Suter,
Edward Gray. W. C. Newmiller.
Transportation — J. T. Harms, Milton Besse,
Joseph Scherer.
Laws and subordinates — Frank Mordecai,
Frank Barrett, Nathan Levy. '
Instruction and ritualistic work — J. C. Bates.
Theodore <*. Eilers, W. E. Mulc'revy, Thomas
E. " Curran. Louis D. Hall. '• '
Donner monument — C. W. Chapman, James
C. Tyrrell, Thomas H. Perry, Louis C. Pis
tolesi, Bert Levy, Morris Brooke. . • .
Digest— H. G. Williams, C. F. Buttle. A.
B. Baker.
Cornerstone ceremonies — M. T. ' Dooling,
David Maguire, George T. Haas, M. F. Hale,
J. S. Aviae.
Colton • Hall— J. W. Ahern, P. ; E. Zabala.
L. W. Julhard. J. A. Rivera.
Trustee districts — L. H. Mooser, Charles Ben-
Grand Parlor then adjourned until 2
o'clock.-. . ¦ ¦ . .- • ;¦.-¦!
The election of officers will occur on
Thursday. There Is quite a contest over
the position of I grand outside sentinel,
the candidates being L. C. Plstolesl of
Sausalito, Bert Levy of Lower Lake and
J. Emmet Hayden of San Rafael. Among
the. aspirants for grand trusteeships are
POLITICIANS GET BUSY.
A resolution was adopted that a com
mittee be appointed to draft resolutions,
of respect to the late President William
McKinley, and that when the Grand Par
lor adjourned this afternoon it should be
in respect to his memory. ;
. Supervisor Wynn won a>- victory in • a
resolution, which was adopted without a
dissenting vote, that all printed blanks
and books containing printing of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West should bear
the ; label of the ."Allied Printing Trades
Council." . . /
A resolution commending the last Leg
islature for the grant made for the pur
chase of ' the Big Basin ' and its - noble
groups of Sequoia sempervirens, and rec
ommending that the Grand Parlor give its
moral support for the purchase of the Big
Basin and the big tree grove was present
ed. ....
An amendment doing away /with the
election of grand trustees by districts
was offered.
the. old ..missions, and- that they unite in
forming an "Old Mission Club." was read.
In' regard to 'the custom house at Mon
terey the following telegram;. was ;semt:: ,
r --To .Hon; Julius Kahn. -Member of ».O>ngress,
Washington, E). p.-f-Grand Parlor here*.as
sembled Mias transferred lease of Monterey
Custom-house ~i to I State . commission. .'¦ Please
procure ratification oL, Secretary of the Treas
ury and wire us here as soon as possible." ¦•
LEWIS F. BYINGTON.
Actinc Grand President.
_RKDDING,_ April_2S.— John_Swasey. a
vaqueto>i3 believed~to" be'dylng this even-
Ing as the result of injuries sustained at
Recreation Park this afternoon. Swasey
came here recently to work as a butcher.
A group of men had been giving exhibi
tions In fancy horseback riding and
broncho "busting" In the park. . He asked
to be allowed to take part in the perform
ance. ' He proved to be a good rider, but
got an especially bad mount, and . the
horse, in its efforts to get rid of the
rider, fell and rolled over him. This oc
curred in front of a grand stand contain
ing hundreds of spectators. Swasey was
not considered seriously hurt at first, but
this evening it is believed internal Injuries
that he received will prove fatal.
Broncho Falls on Vaquero.
"WASHINGTON, April 28.— When th»
Senate convened to-day Harris of Kansas
presented the following telegram he had
received from the Kansas Millers' Asso
ciation: - .
Kansas millers, on account of foreign dis
criminations, with the best wheat in the world
at their door, are not producing over one
third of their full capacity. Unless your Com
mittee on Foreign Relations can give us re
lief through reciprocal concessions, placing our
mills on an equal basis with foreign mills,
many of our mills -will shut down indefinitely
and some of them will be forced to the wall.
In our distress we look to our Senators for
relief. r.;:.
The telegram was referred to the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Plea of Kansas Millers.
Miller is the ex-student of the Normal
School who has had so much trouble over
his diploma, and was th« author of the
article in the Los Angeles Times styling
San Jose "The Sodom of the Pacific." Of
late he has been conducting a semi-week-/
ly paper called The Crucible.
The Council refused to accept the
charges, because they were not sworn to,
and Miller would not swear to them in the
Council chamber. The Councilmen de
nounced the charges as a political move
and declared that Miller was being used
as a catspaw. The Council, after a re
cess, adopted resolutions declaring that
Miller was an erratic and irresponsible
persons and had been made a tool of by
a certain newspaper so that the charges
could be published without fear of prose
cution for libel. It condemned such a
course. The resolutions further stated
that the Council believed the charges were
malicious and without foundation, but
that if they were sworn to and presented
by a responsible person the Council would
investigate them.
As a fourth charge, Andrew Mackenzie
was accused of causing all the repair
work of the Police and Fire Department
to be done at the San Jose Foundry, of
which he is part owner.
COXTN-CTL SCORES MILLER. *
Charge three involved the levying of
blackmail upon gambling houses. Twen
ty-five dollars per month was collected
from each house under promise of im
munity, It was alleged, and in some
months the collection amounted to $400.
Frank Cheek, the proprietor of a saloon,
was named as the person who collected
the money and carried It to the California
Club, where it afterward went to John
D. Mackenzie.
The second charge was that Mackenzie*
and his \ colleagues on the commission
have levied blackmail upon Charles P.
Hall, manager of the Victory Theater, In
the shape of theater tickets. Miller al
leges that Mackenzie and W. J. Oster
man, president of the commission, afler
causing many petty annoyances, suggest
ed to Hall that the theater would not be
molested if the commission were fur
nished with free tickets. Each Commis
sioner received two tickets, but this was
Increased to thirty tickets a performance,
worth from $15 to £K>. John D. Mackenzie
also was accused of receiving free tickets.
FREE THEATER TICKETS.
Miller charged that Andrew J. Macken
zie, together with other members of the
Police and Fire Commission, during the
past two years, and particularly during
March, April and May, 1900, collected from
the salaries of certain members of the
Police and Fire Department sums rang
ing from $12 to $70. This money, It was
alleged, subsequently, passed to the- chief
of the Fire Department, who took it tb
the California. Club and paid it over to
John D. Mackenzie, a brother of Andrew
Mackenzie.
SAN JOSE. April 2S.— H. E. Miller creat
ed a sensation at the meeting of the City
Council this evening by preferring
charges against Fire and Police Commis
sioner Andrew i Mackenzie, whom he ac
cused of using his position for political
and personal ends. Other members of tho
commission were accused, although they
were not named, and Harbor Commis
sioner John D. Mackenzie, brother of An
drew Mackenzie, is charged with having
received, in the rooms- of the California
Club, some of the money wrongfully ac
quired by the Commissioners. The Coun
cil was asked to remove Commissioner
Mackenzie from office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
That Body Denounces His
Accusations Against the
' Mackenzies.
H. E. Miller Creates Sen
sation in San Jose's
Council.
SAYS OFFICIALS
LEVY BLACKMAIL
This evening. In the Ocean House Hall
the first social function was .held. The
ladies and gentlemen of Santa "Cruz were
there to bid the guests welcome.' District
Attorney Knight presided. There was an
orchestral selection and addresses of wel
come by Mayor Parker and Mayor-elect
Clark. ' The responses were by Grand
First Vice President L,. F. Byington and
Past Grand President Jo D. Sproul of
Chico. Then followed a social dance.
Frank C. Jordan, the jovial Cleric of
Alameda County, who aspires to the Su
preme Court clerkship, arrived this even-
Ing and in his quiet way distributed a few
bunches of "hot air." Mayor Schmitz is
expected from San Francisco to-morrow
¦He is a member of the order.
Senator Belshaw of Antioch, Washington
Dodge of San Franolsco, Joseph Goldman
of Merced and F. R.'Wehe of Downleville,
:¦¦' Grand Parlor -honors are not the only
ones..being striven for in Santa Cruz just
noV.- Numerous candidates forvState of
fices are on the scene, "buttonholing" the
Natives and overworking the "glad
hand." Senator Flint Is coyly mention
ing his gubernatorial aspirations. Con
troller Colgan is here, as is Assessor
Washington Dodge, Judges Garoutte and
Angellotti, aspirants for the Supreme
Bench; William Conley, for Congressman;
W. w. Shannon, for State Printer, and
Frank Mattison, for Railroad Commis
sioner, are busy with the delegates.
Among other notable delegates are Hon.
Frank D. Ryan, District Attorney of Sac
ramento County; R. M. Fitzgerald and
Hon. Judge R. C. Rust of Napa, District
Attorney Byington of San Francisco,
Hon. C. E. McLaughlln, Superior Judge,
of Plumas County; Assemblyman George
C. Radcliff of Watsonville, Judge M T
Dooling, Superior Judge, of San Benito
County; ex-Postmaster Fox of Sacramen
to, State Senator C. M. Belshaw of An
tloch, Fred L. Arbogast, Clerk of Nevada
County; Frank M. Dunne, Superior Judge
of San Francisco; A. J. McSarley, Dis
trict Attorney of Calaveras County H
O. Raap of Martinez, Tax Collector: Dis
trict Attorney Frank R. Wehe of Sierra
County. District Attorney Mclsaac of
Marin County.
BOSTON, April 28.— The directors" of I the
Calumet and Hecla Mining Company L. to-day
declared 1 a dividend of $5 per share. -^\ 1V -
', ,The - Angelus .piano recital/, postponed
from . ¦ last : , Saturday, on . -account.' of .'.the
strike,- takes place at ' Sherman, ; Clay . &'
Co.'s; Halli next "Saturday; afternoon. -Mr.
Herbert Williams, ' tenor, soloist. ' • Tickets
at, Sherman,' Clay &.Co.'s: store.- '¦ •• • ¦
. We .are selling agents ¦ for; the "Water
man Ideal .Fountain Pens,"/ $2.50 Uo*- $10
each, and sole agents for the. '.'Marshall,''.'
the best $1.00 * fountain pen -in'the- world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.;741 Market street.*-'
The Best Fountain Pens.
Your First Duty to .Yourself
la to look after your own comfort. Tho com
fortable trains j of ' th« Nickel Plate Road,*: Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying: Nickel
Plate dining: cars. ¦ In ,-whlch , are ' served. Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public. JAY. W.' ADAMo,
P. r C. i P. r A.f; 37 ; Crocker building, San Fraa
cieco.^CaL t , -, ¦-.,¦
VICTORIA, B.C.. April 28.— The steam
er Queen City, which returned from the
west coast this morning, brought news
of the discoveryof gold at Cape Scott, -at
the northwest of Vancouver Island. .
Gold at .Cape Scott:
TOPEKA. Kans... April 28.— The ..body
of Ida". Randolph, a- brlde-ofi four
months, , was found last night In , the ' Kaw
River near here.'.. The body shows no evi-*
dence .of death .by drowning, and'Vthe,
opinion of the officers' is that there" -has
been murder committed. ..; '^1^. .'
Body, of a- Bride Found in a River.
. SACRAMENTO, April 28.— Governor
Gage -:< this ~" afternoon ''¦ appointed i Frank
Monaghan - of Needles a member of the
board of trustees of the State Mining Bu
reau, .vice W. S. Keyes; term expired; ,
Monaghan. Succeeds Keyes.
.'. PARIS, V April 28.— The battleship Gau
lois,'which" is to, take to the United States
the> commission'. -which; will represent
France at ' the unveiling, of , the Rocham
beau monument in Washington, May 24,'
Is- expected , to arrive at her destination
May. 21. , ; • : .
Battleship -' Gaulois Is Selected.
SALINAS, April 28.— Because she tried
to prevent him doing murder, Frank Cas
tro 1 attacked his mother, with a knife at
an early hour this morning, inflicting a
wound that is- likely to prove fatal.. The
tragedy occurred at the Castro. home, in
Santa Rita, The would-be matricide made
his escape . and ; Is . still at - large, 'with a
number of officers on his trail. .:
"Castro attended a dance in Santa Rita
last night. He imbibed too much liquor
and became intoxicated and quarrelsome.
During the night ho had trouble with
several men. At an early hour this morn
ing he appeared at his home and got his
shotgun, telling his aged mother tnat he
Intended to. kill the men with whom he
had quarreled. Knowing that he -would
keep his word, the old lady, after vainly
appealing . to him to put away the wea
pon,, attempted to wrest it from him.
Suddenly Castro whipped ..out a knife
and slashed his mother across- the
shoulder and right side. Then, shoulder
ing his shotgun, he disappeared- and has
not since been seen. Physicians who were
summoned to care for the woman an
nounced that the wound is : a deep \ one
and there is slight chance for the recov
ery of the victim. Mrs. .Castro is 68 years
old. and the infirmities of age "combine
with the shock of the wound to make her
condition precarious. -
Feeling against the young desperado
runs . high, and many of ¦ the residents
have Joined the county officials in his
pursuit * Castro has , borne i a bad reputa
tion, and. when drinking, was. especially
Quarrelsome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Our course in regard to the ruling, of
the Interstate Commerce Commlsion in
the citrus fruit case will depend on what
the lawyers advise," said Mr. Ripley -this
evening. "I do not expect we will comply
with the ruling, but we will let the courts
decide whether we are right or If the fruit
shippers are right. I ao not think- the
ruling of the commission is equitable.
The railroads are the responsible parties;
when we guarantee to take the fruit to
Its destination and do so, our manner of
doing bo Is not the business of any <me.
If we want; we have the right to deliver
the fruit on wheelbarrows. 'l*he railroads
make a rate of $1 25 a hundred on citrus
fruit to Chicago and the same rate to
New York. "In order to make this rate
we must have satisfactory arrangements
with our connections East. '
"We cannot comply with this ruling and
continue to handle the fruit business. 'Be
fore the railroads adopted the system of
routing shipments the business was in a
constant state of demoralization. Shippers
were in the habit of sending their fruit
over any road whose overzealous agents
would give them a few dollars rebate on
each car. and we must either cut rates to
meet that sort of competition or give up
handling the business, if~we do not take
therouting into. our own hands." ;
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— The Santa Fe
Railroad .wiJI not- comply with the 1 recent
ruling of the Interstate Commerce Com
mlEslon, in the Lbs Angeles citrus fruit
case. In which; It was held that the.prac
tice of the Santa Fe and Southern-Pa
cific' railroads of taking into their ' own
hands the matter, of selecting the route
by which fruit shipments from Southern
California to the East should be eent was
illegal. The Santa Fe will . ignore .the
ruling, unless counsel for ' the railroad
shall advise contrary to the expectations
of President E. P. Kipley. The president
of the Santa Fe, who arrived in Los An
geles to-day from Santa Barbara, spoke
with- marked earnestness.
'Special Dispatch to The Call.
1 Balschaneff , the ¦ assassin of M. Sipia
guine, the late Minister of the Interior, is
now reported to be very, sick, due to vol
untary, starvation. v ¦¦ v . .. ¦ ;
• The police forces In many cities have
bee'n increased in . strength, notably at
Cikutsk and Archangel. , : :
Prince Obolenskl, the Governor of Kher
son, is apprehensive of a rising in that
Government. . ' ¦'¦
Rioting continues to spread in" South
Russia. The military thus "far have been
unable to J prevent ' incendiarism; terror
ism > and plundering. The landed pro
prietors throughout the Government of
Poltavaare seeking refuge in the city of
Poltava, ..'...,.- ¦'.., '
ST. PETERSBURG, April 27.— Persistent
reports are in circulation to the effect that
the Czar shbrtly will issue a rescript giv
ing a" constitution similar to the- scheme'
for administrative reform drawn up -by
the late General Loris Melikoff when ha
was • Minister of the Interior, i and which
was sanctioned ' by the late Czar, Alex
ander III. ,. .' -
Counsel for Lord Suffleld -¦ pointed out
that Lord Strathcbha and Mount Royal,
the Canadian. High ; Commissioner,- was
president of the club In ;1897,' while? vtn»
council of the club, when; Labouchere
wrote "his strictures, included • Choate;
the United States .Embassador;' Cardinal
Vaughan, Lord Strathcona' .and \ .Mount
Royal,. Lord Charles Beresford and elm-
liar celebrities." One of Truth's accusa
tions was that Lord Suffleld was "know.
ingly president 1 of a- swindle." f ¦. - .-.•*¦ i
-The defense admitted th© publication
and declared that ..- the statements and
facts contained In the articles were true
and that the comment was fair. '•¦¦
.LONDON, April- 28.— More Interest than
usually attaches to libel suits against
Henry Labouchere . was exhibited at the
trial of a case in the King's Bench ,"dl
vlslonof the High Court of Justice ten
day, ¦ In which ' Lord Suffleld : was ¦ the
plaintiff.' Lord ' Suffleld, who ( is • perma
nent-lord in waiting to the King, claimed
damages for articles published lnLabou
chere's paper,'? Truth, one article
ing that ; a club, of which Lord- Sutlield
was president; was "an Impudent and
transparent humbug," < and that the. coun
cil "of the club and others connected with
the scheme were a line of figureheads on
the front page of city; prospectuses' "for
the purpose of , decoys, and by ; means of
which smaller people were lured . into a
'snare.": ¦ • •¦ •'¦'¦ ¦ ..• '¦'•¦.;.¦ :.. ¦¦
Will Give a Constitution
Like One Approved
by Alexander.
President Ripley Defies
Interstate Commerce
Commission.
Claims Damages for Ar
ticles Published by
Labouchere.
Young Desperado : Mor
tally Wounds Aged
Parent.
CZAR PROMISES
REFORM SCHEME
MOTHER VICTIM
OF SON'S RAGE
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 28.—
Dr. Ewald Flugel, head of the depart
ment of English philology, will leave
the university on Thursday, going first
to the East and then to Germany and
England. Professor Flugel is engaged in
the preparation of a division of the Mil
lenial Series, a work covering a thousand
years of English literature, and in con
nection with this will spend the greater
part of the summer in literary research
at the German and English universities.
Dr. Flugel's Summer Mission.
SAN JOSE. April 28.— Nicholas Palunco.
the hackman who was arrested a few
days agro on a charge of murder in hav
ing caused the death of Archie McDon
ald, was discharged from custody to-day
at the preliminary examination. It having
been shown that he had acted in self
defense. John Gllleran, Michael Hassett
and ether hackmen testified that McDon
ald had attacked Palunco with an open
pocket knife, and that Palunco had only
etruck him in eWf defense. District At
torney Campbell asked Justice Cobb to
dismiss the charge.
Murder Charge Dismissed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 28.—
Professors Murray and Falrclough, who
have taken leading parts in the perform
ance of the Greek tragedy "Antigone"
and who are responsible for its produc
tion at Stanford, received a telegram
from President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
while they were on their southern trip in
viting them, to present "Antigone" at
Berkeley on the night of May 10. The in
vitation is looked on with favor by the
Greek department and it is probable that
the students of the University of Califor
nia will be given an opportunity to see
"Antigone."
Berkeley May See "Antigone."
SANTA FE ROAD
IGNORES RULING
On motion of Past President J. D.
Sproul a committee was appointed to send
a response to the grand president.
The committee on credentials appointed
included H. J. Mclsaac of Marln, E. P.
Troy of Alcatraz Parlor, San Francisco,
and F. H. Schuman of Alamcda. The
Henry Lunstedt, grand secretary N. S. G.
TV., Santa Cruz, Cal. : Chinese exclusion has
prevented me from attending the Grand Parlor.
It Is the one deep regret -with me. I have
looked forward with pleasure and pride to the
meeting this year. I had expected to be with
you, and my disappointment Is great. I wleh
you a prosperous meeting and hope that the
Grand Parlor of 1902 will blaze another tree in
the path of the order of Native Sons of the
Golden West. FRANK L. COOMBS,
Grand President.
SANTA CRUZ. April 28. — The
Grand Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden "West, began its labors to
day. The ' morning/ session" : at
10:30 o'clock was called -tb* order;
by First Vice President L. F:
Bylngton, Grand President • v Coombs
being detained in Washington. The
lodgeroom was elaborately decorated.
Over the grand president's desk in
gold letters were the dates "1878—1902"
and the words "Grand Parlor." Around
the sides of the spacious room silver
spangled yellow and white bunting
caught with shields was gracefully fes
tooned. From the center of the room to
the sides extended red, white and blue
streamers. . The delegates sat four deep
around the sides of the room. ,-
The following telegram from Grand
President Coombs was read:
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 28, 1902.
LORD SUFFIELD
SUES FOR LIBEL
The historic landmarks of • California
have occupied much time. In a letter of
fraternal greeting from the grand vice
president of the Native Daughters, Miss
Eliza V. Keith, she commended the order'
for its efforts in the restoration of the
old custom house at Monterey and of Sut
ter's Fort. A letter from Laura Powers,
asking'that the Native Sons unite with
others in preserving the '¦ historic land
marks of California, especially in taking
immediate steps for the restoration of
To Hon. Frank L.. Coombs. Member of ¦ Con
gress, Grand President Native Sons of the
Golden West, Washington, D. C. — Grand Par
lor sends greeting.' We realize that our dis
appointment at your absence but feebly, com
pares with your regret in being unable to pre
side over the representatives of the order so
much beloved by you and in whose behalf
your splendid abilities have In all times and
places been exerted. •• • • .¦•...
GRAND PARLOR, N. S. G." "W.
JO. D. SPROUL. FRANK MATTISON.
HENRY L.UNSTEDT, Committee. ' ;
PRESERVATION OF LANDMARKS
A letter expressing the best wishes of
the Native Daughters, signed by \ Grand
Secretary Laura J. Frakes, was. read.
The special committee announced that
it had sent the following telegram of re
sponse to Grand President. Coombs :..
In, a resolution this afternoon Santa
Rosa, asked *f or > the Admission- Day cele
bration.; The question is .fo' como : up at
10 o'clock, to-morrow. Fresno and Bakers
field have asked for the Grand' -Parlor
meeting next year. This will come up
at 11 o'clock. A resolution has been in
troduced to change the time of -the meet
ing of the Grand Parlor to the 5 second
week in Mav. t . .
nett, W. M. Conley, . J.' F. Linehan.
Books and forms— Edward B. Haywood, H.
Lunstedt, Joseph Ilickey. -
HUMOROUS SIDELIGHTS ON THE SANTA CRUZ CONVENTION OF CALIFORNIA'S NATIVE SONS.
At the same time and possibly having
some connection with this tragedy oc
curred the accident that resulted in the
death of Lineman Fipp. He was engaged
in painting the crossarm of a pole near
Palocedro with a companion. This man
whose name is BIngham, says that there
was a blinding flash and he was thrown
to the ground- When he was able to get
up he found Fipps hanging among the
wires, dead.
REDDING, April 28.— There were two
accidental deaths on the lines of the
Northern California Power Company In
this county to-day. They occurred at dif
ferent points. Patrick Klley. an aged
ehe'epshearer, and his horse were killed
near Cottonwood. The man was unaware
of being anywhere in the neighborhood
of an electric wire. E. J. Fipps, a young
man employed as a lineman, was killed
while at work on a pole near Palocedro
and was left hanging in the wires.
The sheepehearer was en route from
Red Bluff ffbrtb in search of work. At
the Taylor farm, a few miles south of
Cottonwood, he alighted, tied his horse
to the gate and went in to call on the
farmer. An electric wire, carrying 20,000
volts, had fallen across the barbwira
fence and when Riley returned to untie
his horse his hand came In contact wiih
the charged wire. His other hand was
on the animal's neck. Both man and
beast were instantly killed.
the Northern California Power
Company.
Tatal Accidents Along: the Lines of
ELECTRIC WIRES DEAL
DEATH TO TWO MEN
TACOSIA, April 28.— The towns of Skag
way. Atlln and White Horse have de
cided that Asiatics shall not become resT
dents. The question was brought to an
issue by the attempt last month of Eng
lish mine-owners to import several dozen
Japanese to work in the Atlin mines.
Through prompt action by Atlin miners
they were returned N to Ekagway and
shipped back to Vancouver.
Believing that further efforts would be
made to introduce Asiatics Into that part
of Alaska, citizens of Skagway held a
mass-meeting last week, with three hun
dred men present. A committee was ap
pointed to see that no more Asiatics are
allowed to land at Skagway. The com
mittee visited Proprietor Broemser of the
Astor Hotel and was Informed that his
Chinese cooks would be employed only
until he was able to get competent white
help. These are the only Orientals em
ployed permanently at Skagway. The
Anti-Chinese Association has organized
branches. at Atlin and White Horse.
Former Governor Swlneford. Judge De
laney. District Attorney Crews and other
prominent cn<?n of Juneau are not in sym
pathy with the Territorial Club recently
formed there and at Skagway to agitate
an extension of Territorial government
to Alaska. They addressed a mass
meeting in Juneau last week, declaring
their belief that Alaska already has a
better government than any other tern,
tory or possession of the United States.
Resolutions opposing the request that
Congress permit the erection of Alaska
into a- territory were tabled after a vig
orous debate.
Special DiEcatch to The Call.
Anti-Chines© Association Or
ganizes Branches at Va
rious Points.
Coolies to Land at
Skagway.
Will Permit No More
ALASKANS BAR
ALL ASIATICS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 129, 1902.
by the Hospitable Townspeople.
Grand Parlor Holds Two Busy Day Sessions and Is Tendered a Reception at Night
NATIVE SONS MINGLE WORK AND PLEASURE
IN BEAUTIFUL SANTA CRUZ -BY -THE = SEA
3
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
!Of the face of a healthful woman with
;the face of one who is sick proves that
.quite often a sad face is a sick face.'
31auy a woman has credit for a sunny
disposition who would soon be sad of
face and irritable of temper if she had to
endure the womanly ills which many of
her sex have borne for years. <
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescriptioa
cures the diseases which are the source,
;of so much pain and suffering to women.
¦It establishes regularity, dries debilitat-
ing drains, heals inflammation and ul»
ceration and cures female weakness.
:_Mt». Cornelia Benson, of Coaltoa, Boyd Co., ;
iXy-. *«« : "In October 1889 I gar« birth to a
,b*bt and the treatment I received at the hands '
of the nudwife left me with tolling of the nterua.
I had no health to speak of forthree years. I
had another baby which weathe third child. My
.health began to fail and I fonad myself com.
;pletely worn. out. I had ao many Jpairn and
.aches my life was a burden to me and also to all
the family, for I was nervous and cross and X
<oaw not sleep. Had four doctors come to see
sae but at last found I was slowly dying. The
factors said I had Uvcr. lung and u-nne trouble.
I was m bed for months and when I did Ret up X
,wa» a sight to behold. I looked like a corpse
walking about I commecced to take Doctor
Pierce'* Faronte Prescription, 'Golden Medical
!Discojery' and 'Pellets/ *nd ever since then I
[have been a well woman. I hare scfiered all a
,woman could sneer at my monthly period until
since I began the use of br. rierce'imedicines
teat now J can say I have no pain. The dark
jardes aronnd my eyes are going; away and I feel
!better in every way My cfieeks are red and my
elan is white, but before it was as yellow as
¦63. 3X0 11."
Jpxept no substitute for « Favorite Pre-
emption*' there is nothing just as good
if or weak and sick women.
; Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets ere easy
and pleasant to take. A most effective
laxafive.
Whif^ I
! w V n n fl il rZ -
I v T Jk. JBl ML- law VSr' '
golf shirts
Most all golf shirts you see are colored
effects in stripes or designs. Here is I
I something different: golf shirts with !
white muslin bodies and white open work |
I fronts which are just the thing for wear j
I in summer on an outing, for a walk or
even for work; they are cool, comfortable |
and neat. The >price is but j
Special for three days commencing to-day-- heavy |
muslin night shirts with fancy fronts, reduced from
7<cc and $1. 00 to 6cc.
1 I
Out-of-town orders filled—write us. j
I T18 Market Street. jCHARMING YOUNG WOMAN OF THIS CITY WHO BECAME THE
BRIDE OF THE SUPERINTEND ENT OF CONSTRUCTION OF THE
HOLLAND TORPEDO BOAT COMPANY LAST NIGHT.
The Misses McClung are at Napa.
- Miss Gwln Is about to take apartments
at the Richelieu. -
Miss Azalea Keyes has returned to the
city after an extended trip south. .
Mrs. Stuart Young of Louisville, Ky.,
who has been visiting San Francisco for
several weeks, returned home Saturday,
accompanied by her sister, Mrs. Forest
Carey. Mrs. Young will be remembered
by San Franciscans who were in Louis
ville last August as leading the opening
of the ball given in honor of the visiting
Shrlners.
Miss Stella Formann entertained for
mally the last time for this season on
Thursday at her home, 1005 Gough" street.
• • ?
Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Smith of Oakland
entertained at dinner Friday evening.
The guests. of honor were Mrs. Valentine
Hush, Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Crawford and
Mrs. Frank Richardson Wella. Those
present were:
• Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. Will Magee, Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Clay.
Mr. and Mrs. Harden Lake Crawford, Mr. and
Mrs. Valentine HuSh. Miss Hush, Sidney Prin
gl.\ Arthur Goodfellow. Mrs. Rosencranz Miss
Evelyn Ellis, Miss Sperry, Will Hush Dan
Belden. Mr. and Mrs. , F. II. Smith, Traylor
Bell. Miss May Burdge, Harold Havens. Miss
Evelyn Ellis, Stewart Rawlins, Miss Winifred
Burdge and Miss Sinclair.
Miss Amy Garoutte, Ml* ''ate Sandmann,
Mis* Emma Browne, Mls3 Be3sle Gowan, Miss
Grace GsXOutte and Miss Rachel Hovey.
• CHEYENNE. Wyo., AprlP 28.— Reports ' re
ceived here from various • sections of the State
Indicate -that- the unexpected -storm 1 of -last
week Skilled- 12,000'or 13,000 Bheep.-.the losses
running from 2.to 10 per cent. , The heaviest
' losses .. occurred " in Natrona i ¦ County, ; .where
shearing : had .commenced' 'early. - '.The loss
there is estimated at 3000 head. ' . ¦
-A special train under, the direction of a Joint
committee of- the ; commercial * bodies of San
Francisco, .carrying, business men only, will
leave Maj-ket-st. Ferry • at 9 :30 p. m , May 3
via, the Pant* Fe..- Bate 4 of on» fare for the
round. trip has been made and parties desiring
. toj Join this ' party should make arrangements
at once," The train will go via the Santa Fe and
return via the S. P., : thus touching, all impor
tant points in the San Joaquln Valley. Itiner
ary and other information at Santa Fe Ticket
Office. 611 Market at. . *3> */£•?:
Business Men's Excursion.
At a; moderate price— one. that; looks good
and. is good? Made of gehulne':basswood,
brass trimmed, with leather "and
two trays. It is a' leader in our trunk de
partment \ and the price , Is $7.50. ': We ; have
a" special -suit case; also -at $6.50 that 1b
equally good" and cheap. Sanborn,. Vail &
Co., 741' Market street, ' ¦ ! •-„• • -.¦-.
Do You Want a Trunk
.The general committee having In charge
the .arrangements i for the . forthcoming
picnic of the Retail Grocers 1 Association,
to be. held on May 14 at Schuetzen Park,
held a meeting last . evening - In the'' asso
ciation's rooms In the Parrott building.
It wag decided. to double the prizes given
on 3 former -; occasions, : and as there had
been such a great demand for tickets it
was deemed necessary to Order 1000 more
The grocers are to be asked to close their
stores on the, day of the picnic.
Grocers Arrange for . Picnic.
Committee in Charge Promises .That
the Picnic ,W4ir Be an En-r/
joyable Affair. C
The annual reunion of the parishioners.
of Mission Dolores parish ; will: be' held
Thursday. May \ 1, at Nilea Canyon. The
annual picnics of this parish have in the
past proved most enjoyable and the com
mittee in charge of the coming outing
promises that it will prove as successful
in this respect as any that have been
given. An excellent programme of races
and games has been arranged for the day
and a large number of gate and game
prizes will be distributed. .
The following gentlemen . comprise the
committee of arrangements::
- A. .Attrldge, chairman: D.' Kelly, secretary;
Rev. M,' J. Clifford, treasurer: Michael Caeey,
P. J. Gray, James S. . Fennell, G. M. Sears,
¦William J. Brann, J. B. Haegerty, John Kav
anaugh.-John O'Nell, j; J. Cameron, L, • Me-
Kinnon, R. ; D. Blake; James Neeley, r». Me-
Kinnon, J. Zammltt. F. J. Grimley, William
J. Kenney. J. a. Nyland, M. A. McAvoy and
Joseph Collins. .
", For 1 president, W.W. Copeland; first vice
president, I*. A. Bickell and J.W. Kelly;.sec
ond vice-president. Farley . Lewis; secretary
treasurer, H.' L. . White; member of . executive
committee. E..H. Cary; trustee, L. Mlchelson; ;
«ergeant-at-arms, ¦ Alex D. Smith; delegates to
Labor , Council-*James T. .' Houston, - David
Cooper, CyrenE. Fisk, Thomas Wright." W. W.
Copeland, : J. K. Phillips,', James P. Hartnett.
Farley Lewis, ; H.L. White; delegates to Allied
Printing: Trades i Council — W. iW.\ Copeland,
CyrenE. Fisk, H. L.> White; I. T.U. delegates
— W.- J. French, L. Michelson, James P. pl
well; alternates for I. T.U. — P. S. White, J.
E.-Wilcox, HarryGibb, Frank" P. Curtis;, read -
Ins clerk, E. A. Parker and H.;P. Reece.- '
Typographical Union Passes Resolu
tions Thanking Mayor Schmitz.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
San Francisco Typographical Union No.
21 resolutions were adopted regarding the
street car employes' strike and its settle
ment." They were Introduced by William
J.pFrench and are as follows : ,
¦Whereas, The effectual,- peaceful and suc
cessful protest of ; the car men of this city
against. the idea of . feudal . times that ¦ men
with, labor -as capital have no right to organ
ize to sell their labor collectively, or to add
to their citizenship by imposing; reasonable
conditions for themselves and families, has
won the approval of all classes' of citizens; be
it " by San Francisco Typographical • Union No.
2l'-'.Vv."". ¦:-'- -¦-', '¦ ' ¦:¦.:¦-¦¦ •¦ ¦-¦ ¦- .•'-¦ ¦'<
¦ Resolved, - That we •*. heartily congratulate
Division No. 205, Amalgamated Association of
Street Railway Employes of America, . on the
result , of tha strike, and recommend the union
ism so potent during- the fourth week of April,
1902, a? equally effective for all time, and the
only safeguard for the wage-earner; and be
it also- !'." '.¦'•¦. '¦ '¦ ,-:¦ ! ; '¦ : ,
Reeolvedj That the course pursued by Mayor
Eugene E. Schmitz during the past week In
administering the civic law in the interest of
all, and not of the few, Is worthy of air com
mendation; and, be it further ¦ .
Resolved." That a copy of these resolutions
be forwarded to the press, to Division No. 205
and to Mayor' Schmitz. -,
'The annual election- of- the Typograph
ical -Union will be held Wednesday, May,
21, when the following candidates will be.
balloted ¦for:- • ¦-.:.„. / • ; \
CONGRATULATES CABMEN.
.WILLIAMS, Ariz., April :28i— A v special
train- arrived : from, the .-East* last night,
bringing- delegates '.to: the Federation of
Women'B' Clubs, from -Minnesota, Nebras
ka, Pennsylvania; .,^ Colorado . and Iowa.
They .went out to the Canyon land upon
their return proceeded to Los Angeles.- ¦
."Mrs.* Burdette,". she said,' "is well liked
in . San ' Francisco and? Oakland, and , if
there is • opposition : to ¦ her - from our' part
of the State. I do not know it."
The rumor, to the effect^that Mrs. Bulk
ley will oppose 'Mrs.' Robert ¦ J. Burdette's
candidacy for. president of the General
Federation is not | sustained by; the stand
that the. Oakland woman takes, and Mrsi.
Bulkley. showed her. friendship .for Mrs.
Burdette by- attending, the reception given
in . the latter's honor < this, afternoon y at
Ebell Hall. . • . :.;•;.•.: -\
•Bonnard is at present under, bonds to
appear, before a. San Francisco court on
a charge of j sending obscene .. matter
through the mails, he having, sent some
very ungentlemanly letters to "his " for
mer wife. . ¦ • '•¦ .;• •"'¦'.• *.". ; , ;
ma left for 7 the convention Ito solve.
Women who are doing politics either for
or against Mrs. Robert J. Burdette are
reticent ; about being quoted for . publica
tion, but many and various are the state
ments regarding the stand that the Los
Angeles, clubwomen will take. -.Latest re
ports from the Friday Morning Club are
to the effect that the delegates "are not
prepared to urge her claims." A meeting
of the delegates from : this organisation
has been held and the question discussed
freely, although no* definite decision 'was
reached. ¦¦-•' >/.!-.^V.-" v -,-
Mrs. 'Kate F. .Bulkley, , president of l ths
California • State \ Federation, arrived in
Los Angeles from Oakland to-day. She
was accompanied -r by , ; Mrs. J." ,W. Orr,
State- secretary of correspondenfce.'and Dr.
Ddrothea Moore of the California :. Club.
Thjey. were' met at* the train by a commit
ted; of local club women, and Mrs.. Bulk
lejrand Mrs. Orr were driven At once to
the 'homq of- Mrs. Mary Stilson on Ken
sington, road. -, .' ...¦'.;-.: . : •
SANTA ROSA, April 28.— Constant Bcn
nard was adjudged guilty of, contempt of
court by Superior Judge Dougherty to
day and sentenced to serve twenty-four
hours in the County Jail. Bonnard had
disregarded the court's order by falling
to pay alimony to- his divorced wife,
Marie Bonnard. " The latter received a le-'
gal separation frpm Bonnard a year ago
last December after many domestic quar
rels, and the ex-husband was directed by
the court to pay $30 a month for the
maintenance of his minor children and
$50 for attorney's fees, together with ¦ a
like sum for court expenses during the
divorce proceedings. . . " * .
Bonnard testified to-day that he had
paid $437, to his former wife, and that
he could not at present further comply
with the order of court. He had spent a
portion of the funds he had at the .time
the divorce was- granted In attempting to
find- a location- in which he could en
gage in business to earn, sufficient money
to pay the alimony. He had spent- more
money for court expenses In a recent en
deavor, to obtain possession of his chil
dren in the Superior Court of this county.
A letter written in . San Francisco ; on
January 8 from Bonnard to his former
wife was read. In it Bonnard .declared
that Mrs. Bonnard' s attorneys had tried
to obtain money from him, but he had
been '. 'too crafty'.' and "too smart.". .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Constant Bonnard in
Contempt of the
Court.
IGNORES ORDER
TO PAY ALIMONY
Head of Federation of
Women's Clubs Now
in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— Mrs. Rebecca
Douglas Lowe, president of the General
Federation of Women's Clubs, arrived on
a special train late to-day. She was met
by a local delegation of club women.
Mrs. Lowe is of Atlanta, Ga., and is a
typical Southern woman. She stands
firmly, it is reported, for a strict color
line in dub life, and, coming direct from
the South, is in a position to understand
the feeling of most Southern women on
this vexed question. She arrived with
the Georgia and Kansas delegations.
The delegation from Texas arrived via
the Santa Fe to-night. The combined
delegations from Iowa, Nebraska and
Minnesota are due at 8:30 o'clock to-mor
row evening. , .
Nothing In connection with the coming
biennial meeting is agitating the minds
of local clubwomen so much as the presi
dential candidacy, and just how affairs
are to develop along this line Is an enig-
ACTOR WHO GAVEi^AJ^EN^';
TERTAINMENT AT. THE VliT-"' :
ERANS" HOME. ¦ \v- '/'-..¦ ¦¦'¦'. :V
MRS. LOWE FIRM
FOR COLOR LINE
Theater, played to an audience of
seven hundred members of the home. The
introduction" of professional talent of. a
high order afforded the audience especial
delight. The patriotic spirit displayed by
the Alcazar management was appreciated
by the veterans. Mr. Bacon, Jane Weid
man Bacon and Bessie Bacon presented
"An Easy Liar," a playlet In one act, and
"Budweiser's Wooing," a comedy in one
scene. Other interesting features of the
performance were violin selections by
Miss Elizabeth Kavatiagh, accompanist
Miss Genevieve C. Kavanagh: vacalist,'
Miss Shier; accompanist Irvin Bennett,
and ragtime specialties by Fred J. O'Con
nell. The performance given under the
auspices of the amusement committee of
the directory, was admirably managed by
Miss Marie Lawler. The home orchestra
contributed to the success -of the even
ing. The engagement of professional* tal
ent was so readily appreciated by the
veterans that other stars of the dramatic
firmament will be invited to play at the
home theater.
AT the Veterans' Home Assembly
Hall. Napa County, last Saturday
evening, Frank W. Bacon, the
gifted comedian of the Alcazar
Miss Alice S. Boobar and Marley F.
Hay were the principals of a pretty wed
ding last evening at Howard Presbyterian
Church'. The ceremony was 'performed
by the Rev. William . K. Guthrie. The
bride- was attended by Miss Hermione
Lask as maid of honor. F. S. Greenlee
acted as best man. The ushers were Clif
ford Logan, Andrew Carr, Paul M. Prutz
man and Dr. John N. Force. A reception
followed at the residence of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. James C. Boobar.
After receiving the warmest congratula
tions and best wishes from many friends
Mr. and Mrs. Hay departed for an ex
tended wedding trip. The bride is a
charming young woman of many accom
plishments. The groom is an Eastern
man, at present in the West superin
tending the construction of the new sub
marine boats at the Union Iron Works for
the Holland Torpedo Boat Gompany. Mr.
arid 1 Mrs. Hay have many strong friends
in this city. ~ •
. ¦ V •. p * ¦ : • .:; ¦ . '• •¦.'•';.
There was a. pretty-home wedding last
Wednesday evening, when Miss Emma
Leverenz became the bride of Joseph F.
Doyle, a young business man of this city.
The ceremony was performed in their
new home, which was elaborately deco
rated with cut flowers and palms. After
congratulations the wedding supper was
served in. the dining-room, -which was
decorated In roses and smilax. Mlsa Lev
erenz is the daughter of William -F. Lev
erenz ef the Southern Pacific at Newark.
The bride wore a. gown of white organdie
and lace and carried a shower . bouquet
of white carnations and ferns. Mr. Doyle,
who Is in business with his father, J. J.
Doyle, is also very prominent In athletic
sports. T. Roberta of Oakland waa best
man.' As the happy couple were leaving
for their wedding trip south many"tele
grams of congaatulations were received
from relatives and friends in the East.
Miss Georgia Spleker gave a delightful
luncheon on Friday at her home compli
mentary to Miss Underbill, the bride
elect. Everything was charmingly ar
ranged, and the artistic- touch of the
hostess was apparent in every detail of
the decorations. Pink was the color
scheme. Those present were: . •.
Mies Kuby Sessions, Miss Eleanor E^kart.
• -H-H-H-M II M.,M"M"l"I"M H-* 9
MISSION DOLORES TO >
HOLD ANNUAL OUTING
THE benefit given by the Pacific
Coast Women's Press Association
at Century Hall yesterday after
noon. wa3 a decided success. The
seating capacity of the hall was
taxed -to the utmost, and the audience
was sympathe'tic and appreciative during
the entire programme. Among the clever
people present was Mrs. Gertrude Ather
ton. the gifted writer, who is being wel
comed - again to ¦ her . former home. The
programme was under the direction of
the talented reader, Jenne M. Long, who
also appeared with Miss Sobey in a
sketch entitled "Single ¦ Gentlemen Pre
ferred," written by a San Francisco girl.
Miss Ruth Comfort Mitchell, who resides
at 10 Liberty street. The various numbers
on the programme were exceptionally
well rendered and all^ were enthusias
tically received. The programme was as
follows:
"Mother's Birthday Present." Isabella and
Marian Warnock; coon songs and Cakewalk,
Jamie Vinnard; "Romance" (Paloni), Mme.
Guldo Spltzy, Professor Zlllani, accompanist;
"Single Gentlemen Preferred" (Ruth Comfort
Mitchell), Miss Sobey and Miss Long.
Flowers. were much In evidence. At the
close of the programme Mrs. Ella SI.
Sexton, president of the association, was
presented with an armful of roses with a
little card of congratulations upon her
new book having been accepted the day
before by MacmUlan. It is a textbook
upon "Stories of California." During the
reception,' which was delightfully infor
mal, refreshments were . served. The re
ception committee comprised Mrs. Sara
Bunker," Mrs. Clare O. Southard, Mrs.
Cartwright and Mrs. Ella M. Sexton. '
Little of interest developed among the
carmen yesterday., The men are wonder
ing, when Vining will step out and Huff
assume the management of tha system.
Huff is now in Baltimore and is expected
to return within two weeks. Vining has
informed ' the directors of the company
that he is willing to resign when re
,que3ted to do so, but the chances are that
he will continue in charge until June 1. :
.LOC-.thfl twenty-eight who filed applica
tions the majority will be notified of their
reinstatement to-day. It Is understood
that' some of the applications will be In
quired lntp before final answers are givei.
Under the terms of agreement with the
'union carmen the company has until June
1 in which to reinstate discharged em
ployes, but It has been decided not to
wait the limit: 'of time. All employes who
were: discharged because of their union
affiliations .will bfe placed back on their
runs without-loss c-rttme.
mayorVis grateful.
' In response to the resolution of confi
dence adopted by the Board of Super
visors Mayor Schmitz transmitted the fol
lowing communication to the board yes
terday: , , /
•¦ To the honorable the Board of Supervisors —
Gentlemen:" Permit me sincerely to thank you
for -your Swarm' and friendly resolution of In
dorsement of my course during the late strike,
and to express my appreciation of the confi
dence thus manifested . by you In me. In times
of great responsibility the genius of our Amer
ican people for consolidated action In the pub
lic interest may, as In this case, safely be
relied upon to efface party lines and personal
differences. You have again justified - this
American characteristic. Again thanking you
very sincerely, I am, yours, ,
April 28. E. E. SCHMITZ, Mayor.
The Mayor's reputation as a mediator
between striking "employes and their em
ployers has enjoyed a boom by reason of
his conduct in the carmen's strike. The
labor unions »whlch have grievances are
calling • upon him for his good services.
Among those is the Bakers' Union, which
declared a boycott against Roedlger &
Loesch, a Larkln-street firm. The prin
cipals in the boycott called upon the
Mayor yesterday and asked him to act as
mediator and adjust the differences ex
isting between the . firm and \the union.
The Mayor consented to do so, and the
matter will be inquired into to-day.
When Cornelius rejoined his. 'associates
he stated that Vining had volunteered to
reinstate. hl|n to '-.his; old position on the
Sacramento-street line. He had accepted
the offer with the understanding that he
be 1 - allowed a few days in which to. close
some, private business of a pressing na
ture. . ': . .
Some of the men had been out of em
ployment . since t last September, others
only a few weeks. Those who filed ap
plications were: Richard Cornelius, "F.
H. Seavy, James Carroll, Bi . B. Burke,
M.V;- Burke, W. T. June, George Ding
wall; A; C. Castro, ~M. Campbell, A. C.
Belknap, J. D. Wilstn, J. Glguere, H. C.
Bond, A. V. Shaw, ¦ R.- N. Shurtleff, A.
Kunst, v H. C. Wallace, A. Sorensen, E.
Miller, O. A. Kittinger, M. M. Gopche
vitch, William Goldkull, M. Martenson,
C. H. Clalr, H. Eiken, H. Johnson, R. H.
Keyes, W. 8. Neal and W. G. Burton. '
1 President Cornelius was appealed to,
and he decided that "the matter •' should
be settled at : once. He instructed the
men to. wait outside, and called upon
Vining. The two officials held a long con
ference, the result of which was -that
Vining reconsidered his a'ctlon, and in
structed Chief Clerk. Jessup to take the
names of the applicants who asked for
reinstatement. The. men departed in bet
ter humor. . . ¦ ' .
"Only a week ago last Saturday ne re
fused to see us," another remarked. "I
thought the strike had taught him a les
spn." ; ...'..• . . • ,
VINING CHANGES HIS MIND.
"He is up to his old tricks," said one
of the. men. "That is all I' could get
out of him when Lwas fired. ; time
I called to find out why I was let out
he would send word for me to call again."
"I'm too busy, to take up : your matter
to-day," he said. .. "Come back to-mor
row." Vining returned to his office,. and
with muttered imprecations upon their
lips some of the men left the hallway. A
few remained, firmly: resolved to settle
the matter with the defiant manager. •
•The carmen discussed the matter among
themselves, and during their conference
Vining v appeared upon. /the -scene.VHe
brusquely informed the men that he v/as
too busy-to see them. " . ' . ; •
.The! former employes . of the United
Railroads' who were , discharged for ex
pressing^ union sentiments enjoyed a vic
tory over General ; Manager Vlning yes
terday. The aftermath of 'the strike fur
nishes few incidents as, interesting as
that which 'transpired; 'in .'the offices^ of
the street railway company yesterday. ,
Twenty-eight- of ¦ the -discharged em
ployes, led' 1 by President .Cornelius of the
carmen's union, appeared at Vining's of
iice 'yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of filing /their applications . for reinstate
ment.' 5 ,The." men met ; atrthe; Turk-street
Temple and marched to the Wells-Fargo
building. . The party ; sent in a card 10
Viuing requesting a ! conference. After a
few minutes'- delay 'the 7 meri were told by
a messenger to caii another, day. :
Change " 'of Mind Results
and Men Will All Be
Reinstated.
Employes Discharged by
ri Manager Refuse to
?M Be Put Off
CARMEN CALL
VINING'S BLUFF
Production Given in Assembly Hall, Napa
Home, Delights Institution Members. v
COMEDIAN FRANKS BACON
PLAYS FOR THE VETERANS
PLUMBERS SEEK
INCREASED PAY
Century Hall Is Crowded With Audience That
Proves Sympathetic and Appreciative.
WOMEN OF PRESS CLUB
GIVE SUCCESSFUL BENEFIT
Building TradQS Council
Has Demand Under
Consideration.
Carpenters and Teamsters Ad
just a Number of Their
Grievances.
A request for an Increase of pay of $1
per day has been made by the members
of the Journeymen Plumbers' Gas and
Steam Fitters' Union upon the Master
Plumbers' Association. The journeymen
are connected with the Building Trades
Council, and the'r request for an In
crease must first receive the sanction of
that body, and then three months must
intervene before the new schedule can .
be put into effect.
The recent spurt in the building indus
try in this city has made the laboring
man appreciative of his ability to earn
larger wages than he has received before.
The Journeymen plumbers, who now re
ceive $4 per day, are demanding J3 here
after, with a graduated scale for help
ers. The Master Plumbers" Association
will consider the matter at a meeting to
be held on Friday night. If the increase
demanded is rejected the matter I will
be referred to the Building Trades Coun
cil, at present has the demand un
der consideration.
A demand recently made by the Team
sters' Union for an adjustment of the
schedule of wages adopted last October,
at the close of the strike, has been
granted by the employing teamsters em
braced in the Draymen's Association. A
number of discrepancies crept into the
submitted schedule when it was made
up. The members of the Teamsters'
TJnidri went to their employers- and osked
that -these differences be adjusted. With
out any outside interference, where the
demands of the men were just, the rates
were agreeably arranged.
Owing to the large dr-mand for car
penters, many men are coming here
from- the East. Carpenters' Union No.
¦183 initiated fifteen new members last
night, and has a number of applications
pending. Other unions report a propor
tionate .Increase in membership. Carpen
ters are receiving from $2 50 to %\ per
day.
Carpenters' Union No. 304 has adopted
resolutions commending the action of
Mayor Schmitz in the recent strike of
the car employes.
CITRUS COLONY CLUB
WILL GIVE BARBECUE
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce to
Hun an Excursion to Penryn
and Loomis. '-. -\
Reports from Penryn and Loomis, In the
Sacramento Valley orange belt, into which
is to run an excursion from this city
on Saturday next, are that the orange
tree3 are blossoming out in splendid
shape, and will be in fine bloom at the
time of the excursion and festival.
The interest in the festival is constant
ly increasing, and the Pullman train,
which leaves thi3 city at 9 o'clock on
Saturday morning, will carry a Dig
crowd. The Sacreranto Valley never
looked finer than at the present time, and
the ride on the train Itself will be well
worth the time given to the outing.
The excursion Is to cover two days,
the party returning In Us special train
on Sunday evening. The entire expenses,
including railroad and Pullman fares, the
bartecue at the clubhouse of the Citrus
Colony at Loomia on Saturday and the
tennis tournament and lunch on Sunday,
is but (10. Tickets will be on sale at the
Southern Pacific offices up to Saturday.
The costliest fur is that of the sea ot
ter. — A single «kfn or. this animal will
fetch as much as $1000.
MAKES A PLEA
FOB EX-CONVICT
Montgomery Does Not
Yet Believe King Is
a Hypocrite.
Says Insincerity Is Found in
Every Condition of
Life. .
Charles Montgomery, president of the
California Prison Commission and Prison
and Hospital Religious Association, dis
cussing the rearrest of Joseph King, the
ex-convict, yesterday expressed himself as
not yet 'being ready to believe that the
man is a hypocrite.
ln referring to King and the many ex
convicts witn whom ne comes daily in
contact Montgomery said:
The arrest of Jo% King, the ex-convict, is
most umoztunate — whether just or unjust —
end may do much toward poisoning the minds
of the public against all discharged prisoners,
who at best have ~a hard struggle tor ex
istence and success in lire. It must be re
membered that ex-convicts have very few
lriends and many enemies — very few en-
couragements and many discouragements — very
lew kind works, but many harsh words and
tutpicious looks. A\ hen one of those poor men
no astray what a howl is raised, and you hear
jn every hand the most unkind things said
about them, and all are classed toKetner us
incorrisfibles and unworthy of an opportunity
to make a livinc or to be allowed to live in
ireedom.
The worthy suffer for the misdeeds of the
unworthy. The public always hears of the
man who tots astray, ana does wrong, but it
never hears of the many men who keep straight
and do well and prove worthy of the helping
hand that they receive. Now I propose tell
ing you something of the men you never hear
of. During the last fifteen months more than
125 discharged prisoners have passed through
our hands and only three of the number have
gone back to crime. Is it not worth while
to keep on in this good work and take courage
with such results? We are willing to be de
ceived three times out of 125 in this work of
saving: and helpins fallen men. We remem
ber the love of him who said: "I came not to
call the righteous, but sinners to repentance."
It would be a libel on the gospel of Christ to
say that these men are beyond the reach or
salvation. It is distinctly said that "Christ
died for the uncodly." God Is going to fill
heaven with redeemed einners — washed in the
blood of the lamb.
In reference to Joe Kin* I am not yet pre
pared to believe that he is a hypocrite. It
may prove upon investigation that he has done
no wrong. I have known him on many oc
casions to divide his money w«th ex-convicts
that were more needy than himself. On three
occasions he bought clothes for men with the
money that he ought to have used to clothe
himself with. But the rule is that when a
man is down. Jump on him and oalnt him
black. I have no sympathy with such work,
nor ressect for those- who do it. If there are
hypocrites among ex-convicts we must remem
ber that there are other hypocrites. There are
hypocrites in business, hypocrites in secret so
cieties and in all other societies, hypocrites
in every church, hypocrites in the select so
ciety circles, hypocrites among professional
men and bankers, and hypocrites even among
beggars. But we are not going to condemn
all because of the few hypocrites found in their
ranks, so do not condemn all the discharged
prisoners and make them suffer for the few
who have done wrons. Give them work, not
money. Si>eak a kind word to them and It
will do you good to see how much they will ap
preciate it. Help the -man that is down. This
U ChrUtlike. ¦___
SAYS CAPTAIN SPILLANE
BRUTALLY BEAT HIM
George Lawrence Accuses Police Offi
cer of Unprovoked Assault,
Which. Is Denied.
George Lawrence, an old-time gambler,
over 60 years of age claims he was the
victim Sunday morning of a brutal and
unprovoked assault at the hands of Cap
tain John Spillane of the Southern Police
Station. Lawrence'was arrested recently
on the charge of grand larceny and liber
ated on baiL He says he was coming out
of Zinkand's when he was accosted by
Splllare, who asked him what he was do
ing out of Jail. He replied that he was
out on bail, and then claims that Spillane
without the least provocation on his part
knocked him down with a blow from his
net- He arose and was again attacked,
and begged the police officer to spare him.
He says he was bleeding freely from
the nose and mouth when he succeeded In
slinking away through the crowd that
had gathered. He went to a friend's
house and changed his linen, which ha
Bays was soaked with blood. Yesterday
he exhibited several contusions on the
lower part of his face, which he said were
caused by Spillane's blows. He says at
least fifty people witnessed the assault.
Captain Spillane denied absolutely that
he struck Lawrence or that any trouble
ensued between them. He says he met
Lawrence coming .out of Zinkand's and
questioned him, but in no way attempted
physical violence.
ST. LUKE'S HOSPITAL
HAS A NEW CHAPEL
Though Diminutive in Size It Is Rich
in Its Appointments and Ac
cessories.
A new chapel has recently been estab
lished in St. Luke's Hospital for the con
venience of the patients. It occupies a
portion of the Mills dormitory, and al
though but 20x12 feet in size, with a Beat
ing capacity for twenty persons, is com
plete in its minor details. Everything re
quired in the worship of the church has
been installed, including a chancel, altar
and robing room, a brass rail separates
the chancel from the body of thechapel.
The walls have been neatly tinted. The
altar and lecturn have been donated by
friends of the chaplain, J. P. Turner of
the Samaritan Mission. Stained glass
windows adorn the sides of the chapel
and incandescent electric lights provide
Its Illumination by night. A large brass
cross surmounts the altar, which is com
plete in all details. The chapel will be
dedicated on the return of Bishop Nichols
from the Hawaiian Islands.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1902. '
4
Think it over! f
I Think it over! Look at the clothes question jj
I . square in. the face and see if you are not paying more F
| for your clothes than you really need to. If you have |
| your clothes made to order and pay fancy prices, you : I
;J I ' are paying too much, unless you have plenty of money t I
jj ' to spend on dress. Then it's different. But if you are a I
1 1 ,., man on a salary and appreciate the value of a dollar we I
vB v "can interest you. Jf
I We buy our cloth direct from the mills in large §
I quantities for four stores and a wholesale establish- I
I ment; big purchases mean advantageous buying. Out |,
I workshops are large and turn out immense quantities 1;
I of suits. We. offer the clothes at the lowest possible f
| ' prices. All this tends to place 1 the clothes before you at ' 1
I Our suits are- all guaranteed: Your money's worth . I
I or your money back; a year's repairing free. We give *j
I samples freely .to interested people. Suits to order I
I from $10 to SgO I
I Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled— S
1 satisfactory, fit assured through our self-measuring system 1
g write for samples. 3
I /718 Market Street and I
I Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets |
€3 ••.,.;. .
, of the puniest, weakest cpecimens of man-
/*5/;*i5rx\. hood. I care not how long they hav«
/$S&/ttsi /• ¦ Buffered, nor what ha* failed to euro
ReiWnf* them. This la no idle boast, as 1 have
,. .. wSjXst* i H£?& \\ done It for thousands, juid many of them
. ' ( v x na< * KP en t from one dollar fo five hundred
' TEsi w \ V without obtaining relief before coming to
Dr, McLaughiin's
¦ ! rJlly?^SK' : Flpptrip Rplf
¦4^i«M^iiils&. tlO.ulllU Don
- V^fes^ .JJg<QftS£^giBgMBi& Is a positive: cure for all weaknesses in
llffin man or woman.. It is a wonderful tonic,
tt aS%SttS/71Mll^lM£&BmBua ? vltaJirer. When you arise in the morn-
•Jm3fflffi/V8^3£!&3£F lne> worn if all night, you
BB&&X /W\M\^ SsSsESbL feel the of youth in your veins.
PWHIy? I W 8&i®%e8w II Ho 00 " 8 the body with warm, glowing
&&Bam/l( \\ \ \ i SSSSbSbW' vitality that makes the nerves strong,
' -*o6BaSr -ill . ' , ? rVv^^%V# quickens the circulation, restores natural
•^*S| £jy5taS»3"O' vigor and makes its wearer feel like ona
MLAJCES'YOU OVER— It beau the woria-Xor building up a person broken down
from dissipation and neglect of the laws of nature. No matter what your trouble is you
can be made better and stronger by v»in» thii wonderful Belt. v It pouri glowing vital-
ity into the body, and that does wonders. Try it and save doctor W1U and useless suf-
fering. It cures Rheumatism, Back Pains and all organlo weakness
HEAD MY BOOK— I have a book which every man should read (one for women
bJbo). It tells facts that are of interest to every man who wants to remain youn* in •-
.vitality at anyaee. Send for thi» book to-day If you can't call. I mail It, sealed, free
, if you call I. win give you a free te»t- Rwnember. my ."Belt «»>ea not burn, though you
feel the current and can regulate It. I warrant It to" give a etron* current for years,
though no one who uses it right needs It over three months. Cut this out and act to-day.
P 1 TTfUTnU Be ware of medical concerns offering "Electric Belts Free." This
If A II II 1 offer fs only a trlcK to foist a package of medicines upon you
uauiiUll. Cm o . D Write to roe for an explanation of the trlcK- . - •
SFECIAL NOTICE— I will remove my offices to 906 Market it, on May fs:
db.: m. c. Mclaughlin, 7W So?™".
OFFICE HOURS— 8>m;' to 8:30 p. m; / Sundays/ 10 to.l;'-
N0TI>— When you use J>r. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt you are under the care of a
phyeician. A cent* or drur stores are ntsver allowed to sell th^ea roods.SOME OF THE CLEVER ACTOR FOLK "WHO ARE CONTRIBUTING
NIGHTLY-TO THE ENTERTAINMENT- OF > THE THEATER-GOING
PUBLIC AT LOCAL PLAYHOUSES. ¦ : r
Photographic Supplies.
We have Just received a large stock of
the new "Century" cameras. Come and
see them. Catalogues free of charge
Films, plates, paper, printing and devel
oping. The best of everything and the
lowest prices in the city. Sanborn, Vail
Co., 741 Market street. •
Jokers in Bole of Bobbers.
VALLEJO. April 28.— A couple of so
called practical jokers enacted the role
of highwaymen on the Napa road yester
day. They made wheelmen dismount at
the point of a pistol, and when the vic
tims were ready to surrender their valu
ables told them to move on. They finally
took a milk wagon from its driver and
rode on it to the Three-Mile House Ar
rests will soon follow and a term In
prison may be the" sequel to the fun
New Tomb for Bosecrans-
LOS ANGELES, April '28.— The body of
the late Major General W. S. Rosecrans
will be disinterred about May 10 and con
veyed to the National Cemetery at Ar
lington, near the city of Washington.
Carl F. Rosecrans, a son of the late war
rior, will accompany the body. Elaborate
funeral ceremonies have been planned,
to take place in the national capital on
May 17. Since his death the body of Gen
eral Rosecrans has Tested In Rosedale
Cemetery.
Central. *
The most elaborate production In the
history, of the Central Theater, with the
single 7 exception of the ''Voice, From the
¦ .Wilderness," is the big bill of the present
'week, "• the '» extravaganza i"Slayes .of the
Orient.". 'The -play • is ; spectacular ."-from
• start to finish and there are v Oriental
' ballets, sword, dances, a. harem dance,. in
which 1 sixteen' beautiful young ladies go
through the poetry. of motion, and numer
ous other specialties, which please'and en
thuse. The house last night was crowded
and • every-: act- received an ovation. '."It
was the first appearance at this house of
the j brilliant > young* actor : Earle , Brown,'
who left an engagement with Henry Mil
ler to* become the; leadings man, at vthe
¦ Central. Mr. ; Brown makes a handsome
hero, v- He possesses a . fine voice and is
. , the personification -of t grace.v and' his re
ception last ; evening was a most > pleasing
one. 1 As Lieutenant ...Ward of the Olympia
who undertakes the difficult task : of f rea-
Ing v an American girr who Is claimed by
the Sultan* as a harem prize,* Mr. Brown
had the ' big | audience l with I him ; at; every
point and was applauded to the echo. Cur
. tain calls were the order, of the evening.
' ' -.The massacre: of \ the Armenians in: the
j streets * of Constantinople, .which" occurs
j In the: second 'act,, proved: a spectacle of
¦ 'the-* most character. One v hun
dred : people are required on the • stage in
"The Slaves f of the Orient,"; and '.the cos
) tumes. are 'gorgeous conceptions. * There
. are ; caravans, horses''. and : chariots. ,; An
nette Marshall as ' the : heroine,'? the . beau
-¦ tiful American girl,, with whom" the.Turk
, ish ':; Sultan becomes , , madly;, infatuated,
v ¦¦'¦¦" ¦' . ¦'-'- ' ¦
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK. April 28.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York — From San
Francisco : G. Howard, at the Albemarle;
A. Goldbery, at the Herald Square; S.
Meyer, at the Hotel Navarre; Miss M.
Nelson, at the Imperial; A. K. Salz, at
the Hotel Savoy; M. J. Savage, at the
Grand Union; T. B. Smalley, at the Hoff
xnui; Miss T. Treadwell, at the Imperial;
J. F. Valentine, at the Broadway Cen
tral; "W. P. Willard, at the Grand Hotel;
Miss M. Butler at the Grand; A. W.
Brown, at the Hoffman; F. W. Carpenter,
at the Holland House, and H. A. Clarke
at the Victoria. :/!
¦ San Francisco v , and her suburbs are
looking forward to the opening of the new
Chutes,- corner of Fulton street and Tenth
avenue, .which" will take place • Thursday,
Mayday. : The ; Immense, pleasure, resort
has '. been ; . in course of construction for
months, and people versed In the show
business say that nothing approaching it
has ever before been attempted in the
United States. The theater, in which a
first-class vaudeville entertainment will
be given every afternoon and evening,
seats 4000 people/ and is perfect In every
appointment. % The zoo. under the super
vision of .Colonel Daniel Boone,*. the well
known 'animal trainer, contains interest
ing and, rare animals ; from very clime,
the aviary, monkey-house and seal rocks
are well . stocked, y and the . llamas from
South America have 'been given a com.
fortable home. The scenic railway is the
longest In '.the world, and. the view from
the top of the • chutes'is most inspiring,
including the Farallones, * park, Golden
Gate, Mount Tamalpais and hundreds of
points of Interest. Colonel Edward Beau
pre, the French giant, who stands* seven
feet ten and one half inches in. his stock
ings, will be a' special feature.
Chutes.
•WASHINGTON,. ; i April , .28.— The United
States Supreme 'Court advanced on the docket
the case of , Homer 'Bird, accused of ' murdering
a number/ of his companions In Alaska. '.The
hearing was set for . October 14 next. ¦
Orplieum.'
Louise ' Dresser, the attractive looking
vocalist; Js quite the 'favorite at the Or
pheum this week. ¦. The audiences seem
never to tire of her illustrated songs. The
Pony Ballet Is' still one of the most-popu
lar features' of the^bill.' The five Nosses
give i a ' pleasing c musical ¦ f performance,"
quite out of the ordinary. -.The stage set
ting In; their j act is -very; attractive.
Jack- Northworth, the singing comedian,
creates . all' manner , of | fun." >. "At Bilge ville
Junction," ; a i sketch presented by < Milton
and Dollie Nobles,' is also highly amusing.
The ¦ Florenze ' family perform some-won
derful feats of- tumbling, in which the boy
particularly -shows .remarkable -:\ ability.
The Wiltpn 1 brothers do a turn on 'the
triple horizontal bars which - is both ex
citing ' and ; laughable. The Knight , broth
ers have something, new to show, in "the
way of freak dancing. The whole bill is
as usual a very. pleasing one.
- A •, special matinee will be given on
Thursday, May! 1. ... ' -
Aero Club Entertainment.
The Aero Cliro of San Francisco gave
an entertainment last night at Sherman-
Clay Hall. The following programme was
rf-ndprpd:
Double quartet, members of Arlon Geeang
Verein; Introductory remarks, Charles Stanley;
moving- picture*; song, '•Dream, of My Heart."
Mrs. L. J. Schurman, accompanist L.. Roberts;
the Tyroleans, Miss Phoebe Dunne and Miss
Camllle Carlyle; zither solo. Herman Hack
feid; exhibition ot model of Stanley air ship
in operation; comic duet. Miss Lottie Calsmg
and Harry Kieman; double quartet, members
of .Arlon Gesang Verein; moving pictures;
b&ndlc&p toe dance, little Eleanor Sundes;
master of ceremonies, Harry Xieman; musical
director, Herman Haclcfeld.
The moving pictures, showing a trip to
Mill Valley and up Mount Tamalpais,
were exceedingly good.
Tivoli.
' The fourth week of the performance of
"The Fortune Teller" at the Tivoli com
menced last night. That, the show is a
success was evidenced by the big audience
that attended. It, is one of the best shows
that the Tivoli people have put on in some
time*, as it gives the versatile * company
now playing at the Eddy-street . theater
ample opportunity to display its ability.
Anna Lichter, in the dual roie of Musette
and Irma, gives a performance hard to
equal, and Harry Cashman has- no trouble
in getting hearty applause from the audi
ence with his portrayal of Count ,Bere
zowski. Hartman, with his trombone and
his rolling r's, Is .very funny. Artljur
Cunningham takes advantage 'of I every
opportunity the play affords for the dis
play of his fine voice, and Harold Gordon
and Annie Myers sing as of old.v The
choruses are particularly good, u:
friend's husband, was thoroughly convinc
ing. Lillian Elliott as the mother-in-law
was In her element, and Oza Waldrop as
the niece* of the General was clever.
part of Jasper Starbuck fits Mr. Neill
like a glove, and his narrative In the last
act of how his grandfather, father and
himself . went to the wars j in defense of
their -country touches the heartstrings.
Edythe. Chapman, who mars her beauty
in behalf , of . her> art; plays Margaret
Starbuck, j Jasper's somewhat .Irascible
wife, in- a? manner that could hardly be
surpassed. ) Lillian ¦ Andrews -as Black
Mammy," John- W. Burton as Laz Spencer
and v George Bloomquest as Mose Blake
do some excellent character work. Julia
Dean, Marian :¦ Stone; .Donald . Bowles,
Frank- MacVlcars, Clifford Dempsey, Ben
Southard* and Scott Seaton are all hap
pily, :cast/ and contribute to the success
of a well-written and strongly construct
ed play. Next week will be presented
Stanley, Weyman's ' "Under u the. Red
Robe,"- dramatized by Edward E.'.Rose.
Some Mystery Attaches to Manner in
.Which He Met His
End.
Passers-by found the . dead body of an
unknown man yesterday forenoon lying
in the hallway of the hoUse at 829 Howard
Street! There was a wound at the base of "j
the skull, which looked as though it ;
might have been Inflicted with a slung- ;
shot. The body was taken to the Morgue,
and an autoj>sy showed a fracture -of the
skull, which evidently caused death.
Detectives Wren and Bell were de
tailed to make an investigation, and in a
partial report to Captain Seymour last
night stated that they believed the old
man was killed by a fall. It was learned
that he was intoxicated during the morn
ing: and was In company with a young
man at the David House. 715 Howard
street. They left there together, and the
old man was not seen- again until, his
body was found. It is known that he had I
no money shortly before his death; and no 1
m- tlve can be ascribed for an assault. •
He may have fallen backward in the"
hallway where' he was found and thus
received his death wound. The detectives
are looking for the young fellow who.ac
companied the old man, but up to- a late
hour last night had not succeeded in lo
cating him. ;
The proprietor of the David House says
that the dead man was not a resident of
Ban Francisco, but came from somewhere
in the country and generally stopped at
the David House during his visits to this
city.
AGED TVTATT FOUND 5
DEAD IN HALLWAY
dy of the Frenchy species, was presented
.t the Alcazar Theater last night and it
proved about the funniest and most en
joyable piece ever seen at this popular
place of entertainment. The audience was
kept laughing all the time and it left the
theater still laughing. There is the usual
suspicious mother-in-law, the gay and de
ceitful young husband, ..the 'jealous wife,
the sympathizing friends on each side and
incidental characters. M. L. Alsop, as
the husband, was really excellent and en
tered into the 1 spirit of the thing with
great" zest. Henry Shumer, as his friend,
who is henpecked, was equally as good
and helped materially in keeping up - the
fun. George Osbournewas inimitable as
an old French General and Howard Scott
had a part that suited him admirably as
a poet in love with his employer's wife.
Frank Bacon was satisfactory as a ser-'
vant. Marlon Convere. as the deceiving
young wife, was bright and sparkling,
and Juliet Crosby, who knew all the
schemes of. married men to' deceive their
wives and exposed the . tricks . of . her
Grand Opera -House.
Edward Harrigan received a hearty
welcome, at the Grand Opera-house last
evening In "Old Lavender" that he will
surely remember long. . At his first ap
pearance for the evening he received an
ovation before he had a chance to speak
the first of his lines. Handclapplng lasted
several minutes, and when Harrigan tried
to go on with the play his voice was
drowned by applause. . Perforce he wag
compelled to make a brief speech. Ke
said only a few words, which were to the
effect that he thanked the audience for
its kindness. The audience applauded
Harrican whenever he sang or took part
in a good scene, and especially when he
uttered the noble sentiments that the
play gives rise to in the last act. Harri
gan has lost none of his power to please;
his acting of the Old Lavender role was
consistent. If • his voice lacks much, he
retains all the charm of style in the ren
dering of ballads that he ever had. There
was other singing, notably that of a very
Fischer's.
Manager Sam Frledlander of Fischer's
Theater wore a capacious smile on his
countenance last night as he watched a
long line of theater-goers waiting to buy
tickets for "Fiddle Dee Dee." "The fourth
week.,*' he Bald, jubilantly, "and we're
turning them away." The burlesque has
certainly caught the town. Every per
formance the theater Is crowded and the
standing room only sign is exposed night
ly. The "Florodora. Sextette" is extremely
funny. Bernard, Dill and Kolb divide the
honors for fun-making. Prepossessing
Maud Amber as Mrs. Waldorf Meadow
brook does some clever work and the rest
of the cast is made up of a number of the
cleverest fun-makers that It has even
been the good fortune of San Franciscans
to see.
The police are now bo firmly convinced
that Charles B. Hadley, the missing Ex
aminer accountant and bookkeeper, has
much to explain In connection with the
mysterious death of Nora Fuller that they
have decided to spread broadcast over, the
land photographs of the suspect in the
hope that he may be apprehended in some
ol the large Eastern cities or in Mexico.
Botn Chiei Witunan and Chief of Detec- ,
lives Seymour are working like beavers I
on the clews that lead them on the trail
of Charles B. Hadley as the possible mur
derer of Nora Fuller. . Detective Tom
Gibson has been detailed on the case. He
is running down every scrap of circum
stantial evidence that has any bearing on
Hadley' s disappearance. Carrie Dixon,
tne young woman who was known to
Hadiey's associates as his wife, visited
police headquarters last night and had a
long conference with Captain Seymour.
Just what the nature of the discussion
was Captain Seymour refused to state.
The police were startled yesterday by,
a report that Charles E. Paddock, a pan
tryman employed by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, had seen Hadley on
ihe water front last Friday night. Pad
oock was at one time employed o/i the
Examiner as a solicitor, and he knew
Hadley very well. When the startling
clew was nnally run down it was found
that Paddock had met a man in a water
tront saloon who resembled Hadley so
much that he accosted him and Invited
him to take a drink. Paddock stated to
Captain Seymour last night that the re
semblance was so marked that it was ful
ly half an hour before he. Paddock, could
be convinced that his companion was not
Hadley.
Detective Tom Gibson rounded up a
man named Terry Fagan last night, but
after questioning him closely it was found
that he was not W. L. Fagan, who, while
contined in the City and County Hospital,
stated to the physicians there that Char
lie Hadley had given him a check for $300
for some unknown reason. The entire
detective force have been given instruc
tions to locate Fagan. They want to
know the exact nature of his relations
with Hadley and why Hadley gave him
a check for $390.
The exclusive publication of the story
in yesterday's Call to the effect that,
three days after Hadley disappeared,
"Mrs. Hadley" spoke of his strange con
duct and stated that his hair had turned
white and that he had to take sleeping
powders, and that he was laboring under
a great mental strain, has caused many
of Hadiey's friends to shake their heads
and admit that he has much to explain.
Detectives Scouring the Town
to Get a Trace of W.
L. Fagkn.
Police to Scatter Widely
Photographs of Sus
pected Man.
A PERFORMANCE without a blem
ish was that given last night at
the Columbia Theater by Nat
Goodwin ' and Miss Maxine El
liott and their company In "When
We Were Twenty-One." ,
Esmond's play improves on acquaint
ance, and there has in fact been an actual
alteration In the third act, a tonlng-down
of the much-discussed scene in the "Fire
fly's" apartments, , that makes consider
ably for its betterment. The neatness of
construction. \ swift, spontaneous action
and clever massing, of the admirable ma
terial, mark Mr. Esmond as a little mas
ter of dramatic craftsmanship, and the
play as one that . should ( be counted in
heavily when the scarce good things of
latter-day theatrical loot are remembered.
How much Mr. Esmond owes to his In
terpreters it. would be difficult to say.
The playwright has not only the foremost
American comedian In his service, but
also— peace, ladies— the moat beautiful
woman on the American stage. Neither
is there a weak spot In the whole support
ing company, that looks after the various
more or less onerous parts, with ample
efficiency. A remarkable point in the per
formance is that the years (two) since its
first production, while adding noticeably
to its finish and ease, have not robbed it
of one Jot- of freshness. It went with the
same vim and spontanelcy but without
the jolts of a first night performance, and
with all the smoothness and delightful
speed that time has given.
Goodwin has a part that fits him like
a new glove in the role of "Twenty-one's"
guardian. His quiet, distinguished meth
ods, pervading humor, a fine stripe of pa
thos, effective man-of-the-worldliness,
make the figure of Richard Carewe a bril
liantly conspicuous one In comedy por
traiture. Mr. Goodwin bears the London
honors that lie so .thick upon him* with be
coming modesty, and responded with his
familiar unassuming air to the hearty
plaudits that greeted him on his entrance.
So, too. Miss Elliott, whom . London has
robbed of no whit of her American beau
ty, while giving, perhaps, added grace to
her talent. Handsomer than ever, Miss
Elliott now claims serious consideration
as an actress. Her work has gained in
speed, lightness of touch, humor, one
might almost say temperament, and it
would not be easy to imagine a more
competent, and certainly not a sweeter or
handsomer Phyllis Erlcsoit. Her voice,
too. Is smoother and rounder, though It
still lacks some measure of beauty in its
quality.
A very clever bit of work was Frederick
Tiden's. assumption of the part of the
"Imp." the young man that four anxious
guardians have raised by hand. Mr.
TIden has a highly humorous apprecia
tion of the role of the young man who Is
Just old enough to know everything,
crude, raw, inexperienced, yet of noble in
stinct, and his acting showed the nicest
balance and sympathy. The "trinity"
was filled to its utmost requirement by
Neil O'Brien as Waddles; J. R. Craw
ford, as Colonel Miles Graham, and F. H.
Tyler as Terence McGrath, an excellent
trio. One of the best contrasts of the
play is afforded by the scene where the
"Imp," savagely desirous of impressing
his manhood upon his four guardians, op
poses his raw wisdom to their mature
charitable experience. Miss Florence
Haverlelgh has the role of the Firefly,
and plays it with extraordinary emphasis.
It is difficult to believe that she is not
exactly what she seems to be, the heart
less, worthless, fascinating vampire of the
half-world that the poor "Imp" has set
his young affections on. The rest of the
cast fits all needs, and a large house that
looked as if two strikes were ended heard
and applauded the play.'
DESIRE ARREST
OF C. B. HADLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TX^SDAY^^PRIL 29, 1902.
Alcazar.
"The Lash ot tha Whip," afarce-com-
good quartet, but Harrigan had the ear
of the house for songs.. \
Brooklyn bridge loomed up picturesque
ly over the East River, the ferry-boat
came in with a puffing of steam and a
clanking of chains that was realistic; the
heroine- of the. play was thrown over
board by the principal villain and was
rescued in the regular thrilling manner
of the stage by the gamin hero and tho
bank was duly robbed. ¦ '.¦'¦'•¦.'."..
Throughout -Harrigan <¦ had ¦ j very 1 good
support. Herschel- Mayall was all right
as the - banker ' brother; Gardner Crane
•was a success as the crafty villain who
schemes; Lillian Albertson filled >the re
quirements of Laura Cogswell, the recre
ant wife. Margaret Terry ' made fun as
the deaf woman. The New York boot
black was cleverly done by Dave Bra
ham Jr., while Gilbert Gardner „ made the
part of "Smoke." who steals dogs,- quaint
and strong-. The house was well filled.
•The' play will be on , every ! evening this
week with matinees on Saturday and
Sunday.
GOOD WINS OPEN AT COLUMBIA
IN "WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE"
California.
The- talented members of the Neill ¦ com
pany'aresh owing their versatility" in pple
Read's, VThe Starbucks",.' at the'Callfofnla
this week.". The play itself is rich in.epi
grams ~, and % the | situations, ; while ! not
thrilling,', create a tense interest, which
Increases as piece ¦¦ progresses. ; IThe
¦ ¦ -;i; J ••"=-:?/ '-' ( K ¦'¦.¦:¦: .- •" '¦.'•¦•/' -.-¦¦« '¦'¦ ¦-.,.
gave a' splendid impersonation, and Stan
ley Ross as the treacherous Mohammedan
ruler provoked the hisses ' of the gallery
by;- his "heartless commands. The cast is
an extraordinarily large one,. and the act
"¦ ing is,-- on- the 1 whole, the best .that" has
; been seen for many- a day at the Central.
..The : Turkish .-: dances and Oriental music
'¦ are : a surprise | and \ delight. Belasco &
. Thall have gone to great expense to give
•a performance of stupendous proportions,
and last night's packed house and vocif
erous appreciation demonstrate. that they
. have succeeded- ln^givfhg- the people just
..what- they want in. the line of spectacular
melodrama.; ,\The performance is one of
the best, ever given; in this city and Is an
attraction .strong enough ?tO' crowd the
theater for a month., .... . . ..'-. , -.r
5
MARCONI WIRELESS
1 1-8 l ij y n y u 1 1
I LLLuiinrn uUi
OF AMERICA.
has Been organized to control the Marconi system of wireless telegraphy
and all inventions and patents relating thereto in the United States"
. of America, and Cuba, Porto Rico, the Hawaiian Islands, the ,:
,. . Philippine Islands, Alaska, the Aleutian Islands,
.and air ships under the American flag.
1 $1,200,000
- ; of the $6,650,000 total Capital Stock of
MARCONI WIRELESS TELEGRAPH CO. OF AMERICA
V :js^ hereby: offered at 65, par value 100.
The above Is the only public Issue that will be made, and shares
will be allotted In the order applications are^ received, but we re- .
serve the right.- to allot or reject any subscription In whole or
In r part. . - .> .
, Of this capital stock $500,000 has been placed in the treasury of
the Company for fti'.ure requirements.
' ; We of fer, the shares at $65 each, but reserve the right to advance
' $10 per share to accompany application, to be returned if shares
; $55 per share on allotment, when certificates will be fatted by the
Morton Trust Co.
E ROLLINS M0R5E & BRO.,
6 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
43 STATE STREET, BOSTON.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 0v!
WTLLYS ROJSBTER BBTTS. H. H. McOLURB,
FREDERIC H. BETTS, Of tia S.S. McOlnro Company.
OfBetWBatts, Sheffield sncl Bfltts, Lawyer*. JOHN J. McOOOK,
JOHN. W/GRIGGS. Of Alexander 4 Green, Lawyers.
Ex Attorney-General of the U. S. G. MASOONI,
SAMUEL INSULL, InTentor of ina Marconi Systim.
President of the Chicago Edison Company. E. ROLLINS MORSE,
COMMANDER J. D. J. KELLEY, ', Of E.RoIlina Morse & Bro., Banken.
. ' . . Commander U. S. Navy. CYRUS J. SEDGWICK,
EUGENE H. LEWIS, . Treasurer of tha Hall Signal Company.
Of Eaton & Lewis, Lawyers. LOYAL L- SMITH.
SPENCER TRASK, Of Spesoer Trasi & Co., Bankers.
- As to the. probable income which may system of shore stations, and by means
supply dividends on the stock, we quote of the agreement with Lloyd's, the Mar-
from the speech of Mr. Marconi at the coni system has secured a practical
meeting of the Marconi Wireless Tele- monopoly of mercantile marine signal-
graph; Co., Ltd., ¦ ;held . in London on ing and sea telegrapliy, and the instru-
February =2Oth last. • : _. merits have therefore become the stan-
He said: "Returning to the question dard instruments for the ships of all
of commercial working, I may mention nations. It may 'be noted that ships
that it is no uncommon thing for the fitted with the Marconi instruments will
messages passing to and from a liner, alone, to the exclusion" of all others,
either outward or homeward bound, to have the right and power, of using- for
realize, apart from service messages, a wireless telegraphy Lloyd's and the In- -
sum of from £30 to'£40. Upon a recent ternational Shore Stations established
arrival of one of the American liners and being established throughout our
in home waters no less' than 8050 words organization. The instruments special-
were transmitted and received within ly designed for sea purposes are used in
the space of sixteen hours. I would every day commercial work over a
point out that if in each complete day of range of 100 miles or more, and great %
twenty-four hours only that same num- improvements have been effected in
ber of words should be transmitted be- • other respects."
tween two of. our trans-Atlantic stations y The Marconi Isystem has been adopt-
¦ — and the supposition is, surely, not an ed by the British Admiralty and the -
extravagant one — that, at 6d a word, ships of the navy are being steadily
would represent an annual income of equipped, over 37 vessels having been
over £73,000 from each pair of such sta- already equipped. This is under a con-
tions, of which, in the first instance, we tract giving the English Company a
are proceeding to install two pairs." substantial royalty, and for a period of
From the directors' report submitted 14 years,
at that same time we quote as follows: The Marconi system has been adopt-
"A formal agreement has also been .^ bv th * ItaIian n *vy, and negotiations
concluded with Lloyd's whereby that are bein S carried o » with various Gov-
Corporation has adopted Marconi's sys- ernments and work is in progress for
tern exclusively in connection with their -other engagements of an important and
signal stations; the necessary instru- beneficial char acter £
ments are now being installed at ten of ** 1S inte " de d that the station at Cape
their, stations, and these will also be Co<I, now almost completed for trans-
worked for the passenger and commer- Atlantic work, shall be equipped m the
cial traffic of the Marconi International most efficient and thorough manner,
Marine Communication Company. and immediately. Another station is to
,The chief Steamship Companies are at Montauk Point for
t^Sr^ Snard^e?^^ With such a , evolution - in world-
"' ' ; ti a r-««, ;-,^:~ 'f^,^=, + around communication it would be m-
deutscher-Lloyd, Compagnie Iransat- ,-.,... ... . , • •
, u . . ¦„ ¦ ¦ ' T • % , • , T -, advisable at the present time to make •
lantque. Beaver Line, Belgian Mail detailed statist i ca l estimates of the com-
Packets. etcetc., are regularly^and sue- fi are confidently , ex .
cessfully employing the Marconi system d o{ wireless teleCTaphin .
to the great satisfaction o the passen- J-^- Marconi alone have shown
gers and of the officers of .these vessels. commerdal valu and this Company i S
This example will doubt ess soon be fol- the sole owner o{ a// h!s to thc Mar .
lowed by other Steamship* Companies. con j system i n 'the United States. .
"By the organizatiQn of an extensive E. ROLLINS MORSE & BRO.
// lE^^i Chic^s'o in ]
Weekly Gall,, $i.OO per Year
! San Francisco, Tuesday, 29 April, 1902. ' ¦
MOP 'b% r§*t&: >¦© m I
$6.00 Repp portieres
to-day only, $4.00
are 'just about fifty pairs of repp r portieres in our
t)rapery Department that \ve are in a Tiurry to get rid of. *
Not that they are undesirable stock, but new arrivals v are
elbowing theni off the shelves. The manager up there
thinks they will last about a- day at $4.00 the pair, so for
* to-day only we will offer them at this special price. They^
measure fifty inches wide by three' and a quarter yards
long and sell regularly at $6.00 and $6.50 the pair. Colors
red, blue, green, and rose : and green.
Remember, this offer holds good for to-day (Tuesday)
only and no telephone or mail orders will be honored. -.-. ¦¦>:*-¦
A timely opportunity -in anticipation of house renovat-
ing and replenishing— come this morning and get first -
(Successors to California' Furniture Co.)
957 t0 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
\ ~ \ r - „ ¦ ... ¦
THEN ! DO "i NOT DESPAIR, r'" NOT A FAD
or a visionary theory," but a successful, sci-
entific treatment for the most obstlnatq and re-
bellious : , stomach I ¦ troubles, liver i complaints,
constipation , or piles, v Thousands - of desperate
cases; have yielded to the, celebrated PROCTOR
TREATMENT. . It is a revelation In the scien-
tific I medical treatment' of stomach,'; abdominal
'or.' liver ¦ diseases. ' ;.Thls - treatment : will
Immediate n relief -¦ and " restore . you to. perfect
health. -'A', permanent' "cute- effected". ln = . all
cases. * ¦. Ponder - over this,- . as '• it is your case
wa can'; positively cure." .* ; " -
Jefferson Sanitarium. 779 Getry St., Baa TrineiitV.
¦ !"Ihoroutch s X-ray examination ! made 5 in call
¦cases '.where cancer,*; appendicitis or gall stones
are \: suspected. . :. Country: '; correspondence ¦ so-
licited. '. .
;-¦-;¦ ' -'.-¦¦ '.¦¦"¦'¦''-Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
Best UverMedlcine, Vegetable Cure forLlverUli
BUlousneia. Indlgeatlon. Conatlpatlon.' Malaria.*
From South \ Africa. '
~r The: Boer, and the. Bull ¦ *•' . : .
' Have ; collided ¦ once more
"With a * biff ' and ' a ~ bang.
And • a* rumble and • roar.V< ' : '
-¦AUrthe minor, details ,
- ' '¦;' Are not received yet.
But * Kitchener* wires :'"j. ; .
"I grtatly regret.'.'
¦' '-.~" — ; ,":, v* ». '; — '— • .: ¦'
v Mrs. ¦ Blank^This is • the third time ;; I've
given you , V'omething : to' eat. ; : :
; jWeary : Wackford— Yes, 1 mum, an', if • you
ever i are ' ldokin'5 for ' a"i position"; as Tcook
I'll be pleased ,to glv'e'you : a recommenda
tion.'-f Chicago} News.^nSodSHHBBHHl.
A new periodical has appeared in a
suburb of Berlin. Its modest aim is to
bring back heathenism and annihilate
Christianny-jaaaWjBaHJHBS
Clearance Sale of Framed Pictures.
1000 framed pictures, many of them aa
good as new, and "all will be closed out at
genuine bargains. Sanborn, Vail & Co.
741 Market street. •*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Data Adduced From . Hundreds of
Years Back Show That j It
Was Clover. ' ' '
..During recent years literature has been
abundant in the attempt to prove that the
Clover; could notThave: been-: the 'ancient
shamrock of the Irish, but : that it must
have been the oialls acetosella. The main
argument has been that the clover was an
introduction from the continent of Europe
and could not have been in Ireland at that
time. ••' -
A" correspondent of the London Garden
ers' .Chronicle, VW. G.'- S... goes over the
whole literature of the subject. He shows
that it was not until 1830, when J.~ K
Bicheno.v a former., secretary of * the Lln
naean Society, started a doubt on the sub
ject In. a irpaper read before that society"
W. G. - S. quotes from {publications, says
Meehan's Monthly, with', their dates, going
back '.hundreds of years, • showing clearly
that , the shamrock'was clover and nothing
else 'but clover. ; Indeed,™ the - correspond
; ent 'shows rthat in very 'early
times, , long." before '.: St. Patrick's birth.
the clover leaf was used as an emblem of
the Trinity.— Chicago ;' Inter Ocean. .
DELVING INTO THE P&ST
I OB OBICHNOF SHAMKOCK
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, "In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets.' A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel . building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots.Townsend'8.*
Cal. glace f ruit^ 50c per 1b at Townsend'a*
While the movement may appear, to outsiders as a
sort of forlorn hope, it is by no means so. The pro
irioters of . the league: are encouraged by what has
been. done by the Welsh and the Belgians to preserve
their ancient language. It is said by the writer:
"The league disclaims any intention of depriving the
Irish people of the use of the' English tongue,, but
asserts its aim to be to make them" bilingual. * * * fit'
points to the industrial / success of the ' Belgians,
•Welsh' and other bilingual nations; as evidence. of the
acuteness of, intellect which bilinguation gives'." * He
; For the purpose of extending the use of the lan
guage and giving it an expression in literature more
than 300 tranches of the league have been started in
Ireland. There are others in 'every part of the world
where Irish are congregated,* and it is noted that
"from far-off Buenos Ayres. there comes an unusual
amount of monetary help to the organization:"
According to the recent, British census the number.
of persons in Ireland who "could speak Irish only was
38,121, those who spoke both Irish and .English "were
642,053, making. a tctal Irish speaking, population of
680,174. The accuracy;of the figures is, disputed «by
the Westminster Reviewer, who claims that the Irish
speaking part of the population of Ireland'is not less
than 1,000,000. - • . i
The main", field of action on the part of the Gaelic
League is in the' districts that lie around the Irish
coast north, west-and south, from Donegal to Water
ford. It is said the inhabitants of those districts are
as pure Gaels as. can anywhere be found, some of
them being of a wholly unmixed race. The language
they use to-day has undergone very little change for
centuries.- An'authority onthe^subject is quoted as
saying: "1 never take up a new translation from the
older Irish literature but I am at once delighted and
amazed to note the trace of resemblance between the
Gaels of a thousand years ago and the Gaelic speak
ing peasant of to-day." -
ACCORDING to a writer in the Westminster
Review. the Irish language movement, which
has been in operation hardly ten years, has
already reached proportions that assure eventual suc
cess in the double object of extending Irish as a
spoken language and cultivating; a modern literature
in the Irish tongue.
IRISH LANGUAGE MOVEMENT.
Senator Platt says that while the big leaders
among the Democrats are virtually agreed to. get rid
of Bryan, he is convinced the masses of the party
are as devoted to Bryan as ever, and perhaps the
Senator is right. At any rate he is an expert in
politics and never makes a wild guess about popular
sentiment. in either party. , . ,'\
WASHINGTON, SD.C., April 28.— The
following : : Calif ornians ' arrived' here to
day: i At, the "National, R..O.: Lincoln and
H. N.,McGrew ( of .San . Francisco; af the
St.7 James," B.; Klein and- wife ;and J.\H.'
Frost of ¦¦ Sari. Francisco; -at 'the Metro
politan/ W.t H. Hillegas " of r Riverside ; at
the ' Bbbitt, ¦'¦ Mrs. J H. W. Seall -'of > San
Francisco; : at the Wlllard,' M.° Golden
hunt of - Los » Angeles ; -- at the ? Arlington,
Ai. Lowndes .. Scott' and- w}fe,:.W.:Dorsey
Scott -: and . A. " LC Scott Jr. ; at the Ral
eigh^ I. J.'Conroy .of. San i Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
- Samuel -.T.r Babcock, 1 ' a .big stockholder
of j the ," International ; Telephone Company,
capitalist and banker of New York; is at
the -Palace with his. family. ' -: "
,; R.- E.. Edgar, a mining man well known
on the coast,' has ¦ returned from a busi
ness trip to Mazatlan and has made Ills
headquarters at , the Lick.
'• C.'D.'Heur, an oil man of Bake'rsfleld,
is; in ;the city* for ; a* few days: and ,- has
made his headquarters at the Occidental.
C.,' yesterday, and , is at the Occidental.
E.( S. Boyd, a - . prominent resident of
Honolulu, returned from Washington,- D.
' Colonel . Thomas Hooper of Davenport,
Iowa, is visiting his brother, 1 Major Hoop
er, proprietor, of the Occidental Hotel..
. Mark R. Plalsted, editor of the Evening
Democrat of : Fresno, is at; the California,
accompanied by his "wife. ' ' ;- :
• President J. E. Stubbs of the Nevada
University is ; at the Occidental Hotel, 1 ac
ccmpahled.by his: wife.' ¦ V..- ,^- '
.B. T." Preston ', an official connected with
the Industrial School at lone, is at the
Grand. ¦ 1 : #
',':. John L.' HudAer, 'an attorney of Hol-
Hster, ; is among the arrivals •' at : the ¦ Libk.
T. Bradbury of Los Angeles is among
the arrivals at the Palace.
T. H.. Ramsay, a prominent resident of
Red Bluff, is at the Palace.
Alden Anderson,- the well-known politi
cian of Sulsun, is at the Grand." !
Dr. and Mrs.' Gardne* of Colorado
Springs are guests at the Grand." : ; ; - ¦:.
, J. W.Sewell, a prominent lawyer of
Healdsburg, is a guest at the Lick. ; "/'
1 A. Brown, a member of the State" Board
of Equalization," is registered at the Lick.
.W. B. Nutter, a well-known attorney of
Stockton,* is , at the Grand.
. WEST POINT— A. S., Cranmore. Cal.
All applicants for admission must qual
ify themselves In the school In which
they attend to be able to go on In the
course of instruction at the academy
at West Point. It is quite thorough,
lequires four years, and Is largely math
ematical and professional. The principal
subjects taught are mathematics, French,
drawing, drill regulations of all. arms of
the service, natural and experimental
philosophy, chemisty, chemical physics,
mineralogy/ geology, and . electricity, his
tory, international, constitutional and
military law,. Spanish, and civil and mili
tary engineering, and art and science of
war, and ordnance and gunnery. About
one-fourth of. those . appointed • usually, fall
to -pass the preliminary examinations,
and but little over .'one-half the remainder
are finally graduated. The discipline la
very strict— even more : so than In tha
army— and the enforcement of penalties
for offenses is inflexible rather than.se
vere. Academic duties begin September
1 and continue " until June 1. Examina
tions are held in each January and June,
and cadets found proficient In studies
and correct In conduct are given the par
ticular 'standing in their class to which
their -merits entitle them, while those
of cadets deficient in either conduct or
studies are discharged. . • •
From about the middle of June to the
end of August cadets live In camp, en
gaged only In military duties and receiv
ing practical military Instruction." "-.Ca-
dets are allowed but one leave of absence
during the four years' ' course, and this
is granted at the expiration of the first
two years. The pay of a cadet is 15*)
per year, and, with proper economy, "la
sufficient for his support. The - nnmbe»
of students at the academy " Is usually
about 125.
Wf- - -w ¦ . ill i ¦
S -,'¦".**
' "W. -F. Chandler of Selma is a guest at
the Palace. . ',-. ' ' ' '
M^ P. Stein, a merchant "of Stockton, is
at the California. - \
.Harry Thorpe, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand. >/' r ' ; * -
'.'I tell . you, sir,", said . the '¦: Southerner
"if you had to 'virtually live with the ne
gnv as .weTdo, you would ; appreciate our
troubles and you: would not blame us for
seme of the things we do."- ' '-•• •'
"Possibly,, possibly ."replied the North
erner, "but, -do you know, I am thinking
of taking a-lot of your negroes up North
to see if I can't utilize them in my mills* "
"What!" cried the Southerner. VTake
away our negroes! Never; sir; never! We
won't: permit it. Why, we need them to
do our work."— Chicago Post.
"Well," said , the victim, r pouring out an
other stiff one, "that, may be all right,
but the snake thought he was going to'
bite me, and I can't think as quick" as a
snake can."— Baltimore American. :
"Nonsense," said the faith healer to"
the gentleman who was calling for more
(vhisky, "you. have not been snake-bitten.
You only think you were."
Farmer (to young thief)— WHat are you
doing ¦; under the tree with : that ; apple?
Bright' Boy— I was Just going to climb
up the tree to put back this apple, which,
see has fallen* down.— London Tit-Bits.
' "A' Philadelphia woman who went shop
ping twenty, years ago has Just returned
heme," '.-read Mrs. ; Belllngham iir.the. pa
per. "¦;¦¦ "It took a longtime to match that
ribbon," commented \ v Mrl Bellihghani.—
Bicoklyn Eagle. "-. . ; ' i r
"Soldiers' Home at Togus." \
"Well, you may come in," says the
saint, "but I don't know as the place'll
suit you."— Kennebec Journal.
The old soldier dies, so the story goe3,
and after .death he marches up to the
gates of heaven. He hits the door a
thump and St. Peter peers out through
the wicket.
""Who are you?" asks the saint.
"I'm an old soldier."
, "Where from?" . v
-.They're' telling a heavenly story, "which
they say no more than does Justice to the
"kicking" propensities of the Togus vet
eran. . .,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
SUCCESSION— A- Reader, Montpelller.
Cal. If a man dies in this State without
having made £. will and leaves a widow,
but no parents, the law Is that one-half
of the . property, community or separate,
shall go to. the widow and the other half
to be distributed to the brothers and sis
ters and to the children of any brother
or sister by right of representation, and
if there are no brothers or sisters but
there are children of brothers and sisters
then the property, . less . the widow's
share, goes to them.
"I would thou didst itch. from bead to
foot and I had the scratching of "thee; I
would make thee the loathsomest scab in
Greece. ' When thou art forth in, the In
cursion, thou strlkest as alow as|
another/' . . - - Is. .' • ~
FROM SHAKESPEAHE-O. I*. City.
The quotation in- letter of. Inquiry is from
Sha^espeare'sliTrollug an4 Cre^fiaa." juid
"i» 'found In "scene 1, "act 2.- -It '6? the «re
ply of Thersites to Ajax. who says, "Do
not porcupine, do not, my fingers itch,"
and Is as follows: . . _ . ¦
-The climax of the.;whole; disturbance and perhaps,
the'eause of; much'. of; it'; is to be found ia the'faraine!
which prevails? over a .considerable "part of the em
pire. , It is; said that even in the richest ' grain districts
of. Siberia there is* destitution because the Govern
ment has : car ried away so much of \ the grain -to feed
the stricken' districts.. Taken 1 "altogether fthe disturb-'
ances of; the empire are ominous of. grave disasters-
The Government is strong,, but even the strongest ;
despotism^ cannot; withstand. the com
starving peasants^ angry^workingmen. and revolution- ;
"ary students when roused to desperation and reckless"'
of life.. - ;¦;...-•; ¦.;•;.
' ' In addition to the \ students, peasants and working
men there is a, fourth element of thepeople in astate
of revolutionary ferment. : This'Telerhent is composed
of the young men • of the large cities.' .Their.demon
strations\have been made mainly at'the. theaters!,' At
"the recent. celebration of the birthday 'of Gogel, the
Russian author, the ' theaters where fthe works of 'the
poet were presented were; crowded, and whenever ; the
auditorium was darkened numbers leaflets .contain
ing revolutionary verses were scattered' from the gal
leries. '.;•¦¦ • ' ' ¦ ' ¦ . '. '•• r - :
ting the usual barbarities of a peasant war.
The oiAbreak of the, peasants can hardly be said. to
have come as a surprise, . for some weeks ago the
chateau of the Duke of Mecklenburg in Southeastern
Russia was pillaged: and burned by ambb made tip
mainly: of peasants living on , the estate. Among the
rioters, however,! were ".a 'good many "who .were not
peasants, but men of. a high order of intellect and of
marked resolution. , It may. be . remembered .tttat
shortly after the riot it '.was reported that a numbW
of the prisoners taken by. the police had. refused to eat
in an effort to. kill, themselves by starvation, but were
being artificially fed^y'the police. 'One of the group,
in whom a special interest .was taken because of his 1
connection with . the • Orloff ; family; .managed to hang
himself while in .: prison; and the tragic occurrence led '
to something. like ah exploitation of the whole story?
Among the reports given out to confirm the story of
conspiracy, is, one to the effect that the police have
discovered a large number of manifestos calling upon
the workingnien in the manufacturing districts ' to
prepare for a general strike' on Mayday. "^ Some of
the manifestos, it is said, hint at the killing of Sipia
guine, who was looked upon by the radicals as the
leader of the reactionary 'party. Thus it appears that
while the. police have been busy in. crushing, the" stu
dent revolt a more dangerous one has bqen growing'
up among ; the workingmen, and 'now, to still further
disturb^th e country'/ the peasants ;l have risen \ and have
begun looting the; estates of the nobles and commit-
DESPITE the care with which the Russian Gov
ernment supervises all reports of current
events in any part of the empire and the dras
tic'methods By which "it undertakes to suppress ail
that is unfavorable to the administration, enough
has been made .known' tq .shpV. that ,the discontents
of the students at the university are as 1 threatening as
ever, while the situation has . been ' rendered, even
more hazardous by an- uprising of peasants in many
provinces. The Government-is thus called upon to
confront at once the ; intellect and -the brawn of the
country. 'Between thV students' and the
ithere is probably hot muclr sympathy 'except that
which arises from antagonism to the common; foe, but
that will be sufficient tc en'abie them' to assist one an-'
other in opposing the police and : the soldiers even if
they cannot combine for carrying out ulterior reforms.
The recent assassination of M. Sipiaguine, which
was at first attributed to an act of. personal revenge
on the part of the student who killed him, has since,
been declared to be the outcome ; of a widespread
conspiracy. -It may be. the story of conspiracy is: not
true, but the Government has taken advantage of.it
as an excuse for enforcing more stringent regulations
upon the.students and those who are supposed to
sympathize with them."
LORD KELVIN in his reply to the address of
welcome on the occasion of the reception given
him at Columbia University paid to American
scientific and inventive genius a high tribute by de
claring it had been to him an inspiration at every visit
- he has made to this country. "I came to America for
the first time," he said, "in 1866, and then I got a
wonderful inspiration from Cyrus ¦ Field. Ten years
later I came o^er to your Centennial Exposition and
America had given to the world then a triumph - of
science in the telephone. I got inspiration on that
visit from meeting and talking with Alexander Gra
ham BelL The next time I came was in 188.}, and
then I found the great, achievement of Edison per
fected and New York as bright by night as by day j
through his invention." ,. ...
t That each of the three visits of the great scientist
should have been marked by the coincidence of ' a
new and notable advance in man's mastery of the
forces of nature Is in itself a striking illustration of
the scientific attainments and mechanical ingenuity of
our people. It is rendered the more interesting, how
ever, by the fact that his present visit coincides with
the announcement from Washington that an Ameri
can inventor, Professor Fessenden, had perfected a
sj-stem of wireless telegraphy which in many impor
' tant respects is superior to that of Marconi.
We have here then in the lifetime of a single mart
fdur great strides forward in the path of civilization —
the ocean cable, the telephone, electric lighting and
wireless telegraphy. America cannot" claim exclu
sive credit for either of those achievements, but it is
certain the names of the men from whom Lord Kel
vin received inspiration attest that she holds a fore
most place in the ranks of the nations to whom* the
world is most indebted for its* advancing welfare.
It was a gracious act on the part of the distin
guished visitor to recall to the minds of his audience
the great men among their own countrymen, and the
audience was fully capable of appreciating it. Among
those who were there to welcome him were the fac
ulty of the university, representatives of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,!the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement "of 'Science, the Ameri
can Physical Society, the American Astronomical
Society and the New York Academy of Sciences. "To
such men the statements of the speaker must have
been thoroughly grateful, for the compliment was
not only to . their country but : to themselves as co
workers in the cause of American science.
The commendation is the more gratjfying because
of the high character of the man from whom it came.
The old saying that "praise from Sir Hubert Stanley
is praise indeed" hardly fits the case in this instance,
for Kelvin's praise is worth much more than that of
the famous Sir Hubert. He is one. of the men of our
time who are so supreme in their special line of work
that their commendation is a distinction to any upon
whom it may be conferred. *
There is no slightest ground for believing that the
words were intended merely a?" compliments to hia
hosts or were in any Way insincere. Lord Kelvin's
intellect is of a nature that fits him to value the char
acteristic excellences of American "genius. He is
thoroughly practical, and looks upon the conquest of
the physical world as the best way of benefiting man.
Referring in the course of his speech to what has been
done in the way of developing electrical energy at
Niagara he said: "Beautiful as is that wonderful
work of nature, it would be more beautiful still if
every particle of those waters fell upon turbine
"wheels, every one of which was turning the wheels of
industry."
That statement may shock some sentimentalists and
self-styled "lovers of nature," but it is in line with
the prevailing American sentiment. American.inspi
ration is toward the improvement of the material
conditions of men, and the. results thus far. have
shown that such improvement is attended by the most
universal intellectual and moral advancement. W&m
AMERICAN INSPIRATION.
PERSONAL MENTION.
LILLIAN RUSSELL, who seems to have discovered the secret of perpetual
: youth and* enduring beauty, was once accounted the "queen of comic
opera", in America, and reveled "In a 1 voice both musical and well trained.
Although her voice has naturally, lost > some of its early freshness, her
beauty retains the charm of twenty, years dgp, and if she continues the
regime of rigorous hygienic discipline which she Is now pursuing. It treasonable
to predict that she will be a second Ninon de l'Enclos, and will, like her, torture
the hearts of men till she. reaches the green age of seventy. It was out of con
sideration for her complexion"' and- good looks that she consentecktb join a com
pany_which Is a Broadway fixture for most qf the year. \ i- 1 i? I a - * r - sV C •-
/"There, is 1 nothing so harmful W the voice 'and general health of, 'singers."
says! Miss Russell; "as the itinerant life, the nights spent in sleeping cars, the ir T
regularity.' of meals, the hotel fare and the general feverish activity attendant
upon one-night stands." :;'.'•¦: ,;f. ;. . \ . ¦¦
The secret of her beauty and 6f her remarkable .health has a logical solution.
Miss Russell allows no day to pass» by without visiting a gymnasium and a bath
ing establishments her daily two-mile walk and her cold douche are as necessary
to her as her breakfast. Her table is as frugal as that of the college student
trying for a place on the varsity 'team: the bugaboo of obesity lurks' near her,
and she puts out all her energy toward; defeating his purpose.-
In her forrV-one years' existence she. has played many parts. 'She has gono
from burlesque to burlesque, her face always her chief, recommendation, - al
though her voice at its best was always a delight to lis-en to. -.
THE RUSSIAN SITUATION.
EDWIN BOOTH— E. O.S., City. Edwin
Booth appeared In San-Francisco in Sep
tember,'1856,, and then again twenty years
after, opening in the California Theater
an eight-week season on the 5th of Sep
tember, 1S76, which netted him $96,000. His '
next and last appearance in this city was
also at the California, the season corn-
mencing May 19, 18S9. . •.,
LILLIAN RUSSELL, ONCE THE QUEEN OF COMIC OPERA, WHO IS
PAST FORTY-ONE YEARS OF AGE, AND REMAINS REMARKABLY
YOUTHFUL AND BEAUTIFUL. ;. : •'
STEPSON— Old Reader. City. If ai step- »
son desires to adopt the name 01 his
stepfather he should consult an attorney,
who will prepare the necessary papers
to present to the Superior Court asking
for permission to change his name. The
expense is [not a large one. .
PALM SUNDAY— Subscriber^ City.
Palm Sunday, 1895, fell on April 7.
.
ONE OP 1833— A. M.', Oakland, Cal. A
half-dollar of 1833 is not listed as a pre
mium coin. ..; . .
DOES NOT RUN UP. HILLr-F. T..
City. The waters of the Mississippi River
do not flow up tdlL .. ~
QUO VADIS, .DOMINEf-X. Y..v<City.
"Quo vadis, domine," is Latin, and-means
"whither goest ., thou, . master?" .
" BOOKKEEPING— A- S. .and S., City.
This department does not advertise "the
latest and best* work "on bookkeeping."
You can obtain such, in any -flrst-class
bookhouse. • • i. y
A PAMILY AEFAIR-X . H., City! c «
you think that your husband, who was
married to you. in 1898. ha£. another -wife
liYins, you had. better place the matter
In the hands of ..same private .detective
agency. - . ¦ - ' . -.¦-*'
SACRAMENTO -^VALLEY— A. ..S. J&..
Redding, Cal, This department has not
been able to find any figures to' show the
"total extent of the damage done in the
Sacramento Valley, during the recent
storms."
FITZSIMMONS— Reader, City. The fight
, between Fitzsimmons and Corbett .at Car
son, Nev., March 17, 1897, was for a purse
of $15,000 and $5000 a side, also the heavy
weight championship. Fitzsimmona . won
•in fourteen rounds.
v OYSTERS— J. F. P. and S., San Jose,
i Cal. Oysters that grow outside of tha
fence line of oyster beds ownedjov a com
pany cannot be gathered if they are. on
private' land, without, the party so gather
ing laying himself liable to the law of (
trespass. 1
TO TAMALPAIS— B. L. G., .'Oakland.
Cal. .The distance from Ross Station, la
Marin County, to the top of Mount Tam
alpala by the zigzag road is about ten
miles. The distance from Mill Valley to
the top of the mountain by trail is about
two miles. . • »
TRAINING SHIP— J. D. W.. Central
House,. Cal. For information about the
United States training ship and the school
at Goat Island communicate with tho
"Commandant's Office, Naval Training
Station, San Francisco, Cal.," and your
questions will be promptly answered.
SILVERWARE— G. D. E., Carson, Nev.
The "up-to-date" method of marking sil
verware that Is to be given as a wedding
present," is to mark it with the initials
or the monogram of the bride, using the
initials of the Christian name j or names
and that of the name she will have after
marriage."
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that the sea
son promises to be one of unexcelled prosperity.
The winter has been propitious to every crop, ''and
the spring rains. needed to complete the assurance
of bountiful harvests have J not been . withheld. The
grain fields, the orchards and the vineyards are rap
idly ripening a new wealth for the State. All things
are therefore propitious to the enterprises that we
have in hand, and the. summer is. likely to prove the
most prosperous in our. history. •
S7 AN FRANCISCO is; to have a summer of uni
.; wonted activity^ The movement' to promote
the: investment fof: capital, and^ the immigrai
tion of settlers in Northern California will' be by that
time in active bperatiqjnand ought" to be manifesting .
its first good results'. :^T-he'n;'too, 1 the city will be en
gaged; in entertairiinglarge^numbers of visitors who
will come to att«nd ; the national gatherings'Iof
¦Mystic Shriners',. and ¦ the
each of -thojse enterprises' money 'will; be needed land'
energy: will be. required,. so/.thaVitis going to beino
dull season at any periodfof itkrs-£fic&£p. :D \ /» " ; '''"
Fortunately;. the :i>'rbmqti6n .".'of:- the State and' the
entertairirnent^of the; Visiting thousands^will be almost '
like two phases^ of qrie^and the; same' work;- Funds,
contributed* "to promote 'the State i'will in ai measure'
is contributed; directly.: for. their^eriteVtainment will
help toTpro_^^;^§^we^Thti^h^ig^t > egai§ of th£
special: activities; of \ the promoters 'a/id the «jnter r .
'tamers, will tend to the. one result of advancing <CaliK
f ornia and | increasing r the ' number ; of .' JSastei 1 n : people
who know something; of 'her resources 'and I have felt '
the charm of -he'r attractions. . ',_,.. \. ,i'Z ¦•¦'•' *""'
With such a summer before uVthV. present season
orpreparation should be well employed. Money will
be needed for each of the grand conventions and for
the promotion committee. It should be liberally and
promptly ': subscribed. ; Moreoyer, the contributions
should be shared, by the people generally. Where
each one gives something, no one; need give 'much.
Considering the wealth of the city, the monetary re
quirements are moderate, and Californian hospitality,
liberality and energy ought to be easily superior to
the demand made' upon them. . j
BUST-. SUMMER.
*?¦-:¦ ' ' ¦! '.- - ¦ ' * ''"' ''' ' " ' ' ¦¦¦.- J
According 'to the American Grocer only about
one-twentieth of t,he ; liquor bill of the people of this
country last year was for wine, sq.it appears there is
a big chance for an 'irnproved-.wine market right at
home. All we have to '.'do is:to teach- people; to ap
preciate California; wine ; arid arrange to furnish
itto them everywhere^ at reasonable rates. ;: • i
The people are just getting a trifle 1 fatigued with
Cuba. The Republican party shows signs of surfeit
therewith. We have had Cuba for three meals. a
day since 1898. We were thrown into spasms of sym
pathy and rage by an artfully overdrawn appeal to our
sympathies and have been involved in difficulties and
expenses of which the next three generations will not
see the end. It is time to talk about something else,
time to take account of stock at home and see what
is doing.
-The winners of the victory in the " House ; are
taunted with being in revolt against party discipline,
when the fact is that the military sponsors of a new
departure in economics were in revolt against the de
cencies of the party. Added to their offensive pres
ence in the affair was that of the Cuban junta, dictat
ing to the people of this country what they shall do in
a policy profoundly affecting every American interest.
Added to their appearance in the affair was its inva
sion by the resident of New York who recently went
to Cuba for the first time in a quarter of a century to
be inaugurated President. He has been an excellent
professor of languages.'.no doubt, and would have
been equally successful in music and dancing if he had
¦added* those accomplishments to his repertoire. But
he is not known among the masters of economic
science, nor even among its students, nor yet among
its tyros. He may make a good President of Cuba,
for all that, but one thing is sure — he cannot appear
in the dual character of President of that republic and
economic manager of this.
The Call has from the beginning deprecated the.
issue that has developed this admonitory situation.
Th'e reasons given foi' demanding free trade with
Cuba have been utterly without force and have been
urged by means sure to cause just such a revolt as has
happened. The transfer of the control of s a purely
economic policy to the War Department and the en
listing of generals of, the army to force Congress into
compliance with orders from the new source of au
thority was offensive. It had no excuse. It violated
the traditions of Congress and affronted the sensi
bilities of the people. It is not for Governor General
Wood to teach Americans their duty, in a purely civil
matter of policy, nor for the War Department ¦- to
make bargains involving the revenue policy of the
Government, nor the protection policy of the Repub
lican party. .
The positions taken by them were stated in the
strongest terms, were in line with the history and
policy of the party, and were not answered during the
debate. They adopted the expedient of removing the
differential on refined sugar simply: as tactics to de
feat the bill and committed themselves to nothing out
of line with the principles of .their party, and nothing
inconsistent with their whole allegiance. This makes
their position one of peculiar strength, and it is not
.weakened by the many evidences of popular approval
that are abroad since they defeated, the deserters ;of
protection. - ! , r
After they had,' by the solid Democratic vote com
ing to. their side, put into the Cuban bill the amend
ment that kills it, they stood firmly against any propo
sition for tariff, revision or removal of protection.
The allegiance of the Republicans who followed
Hepburn and Littlefield cannot be questioned.;- They
stood by therseasoned principles of their party. • They
stood by the declarations of Dingley when chairman .-.
of the. Ways and, Means Committee,' and they.
stood by the declarations of Payne, who was;
promoted to that place by Dingley's death.
They had not changed, but V, Payne had.
They had taken, his. expressions of principle and
Dingley's upon the stump pf 1900 and Had won the
greatest party victory in our history. They refused to
make a sequence of that victory the repudiation of the
principles and pledges upon which it was wotu %
- . . ¦ ¦ v ¦ 7 ?
THE proceedings in the House upon the Cuban
tariff are admonitory. When men like William
Aldcn Smith, Littlefield, Cushman, Hepburn
and other prominent Republicans who stood with
them, including a majority of the Iowa delegation and
all of. California, find it necessary to stand out and
fight for American rights against the official leader
ship of the partyin the House, it is time to get out the
chart and look at the compass, take an observation of
the sun and find where the ship is upon the wide
waters of the political sea. '>-
YOUTH AND BEAUTY
CLING TO LILLIAN
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
¦'"«¦.. ; . ¦"'¦*'.¦_.¦-'. ¦'¦•'¦' f^ -^t : y . - • ¦ - - . .
adds that already the v movetnent "has gathered into its
ranks < the best .intellects 'of the nation, and exposed
the errors of. its education.;; It has -given to the local
life -of, the country districts a color, and a;reality, the
absence of which was a not remote cause of intem
perance and ' emigration ; and ; it: fc ' building ,up "an
Irish -reland looking within itself Jot its inspiration
and reward. >• • ,-, \ •
TUESDAY ....................APRIL 29, 1902
JOHN DnSPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Ceatntcicttioai to W. 8. LEAKS, Htntgtr.
PCBLICATIOSf OFFICE.. .Market and Third. S. F.«
EDITORIAL. ROOMS... . .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
4-sk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
? Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
, Terms by Mall, Including Postages
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year.... $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months..... 8.00
DAILY CALL <includinff Sunday), 8 months 1 . 60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year... 1.80
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ...1.00
All postmasters ore authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies .will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to «tre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct . compliance with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE . .' . . . .1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KBOGXBSS,
Xt&iger foreign Advertising, Ktrgnette Building. Chicago.
(Lent Distance Telephone "Central 2«19.")
, NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald . Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: .
STEPHEN n. SMITH... .... .30 Tribune BnlldlnB
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
»:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open. until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock.' 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
CONGRESS AND DUBA;
the san Francisco;; call, Tuesday, r 29; 1902.
ff Going to ; Thunder Mountain PP
The . Northern Pacific Railway is • thV best,
cheapest ¦ and quickest . route. " Frow Lewliton
and Stite's. Idaho! there are mod wagon roads
to either Warrens "or Dixie, from' which point*
the trails Into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K.' STATELER.
G. A., 647 Market st. S. F.'
6
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER
Call snb*cribera contemplating a change ol
residence dnrlnc the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addreisei by notifying: The Call Bulneai Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all ¦nmmer
retoru and i» represented by . a local agent in
all town* on the coast
AMUSEMENTS.
ITiroli — "The Fortune Teller." -
Central — "Slaves of the Orient."
Alcazar — "The Lash of the "Whip.".
Columbia — "When "We Were Twenty-one." . ......
Orpheum — Vaudeville. • .
Grand Opera-house — "Old Lavender."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee.** '
California — "The Starbucks."
Jfew Chutes — Opening- Thursday, May 1.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day." ; -
AUCTION SALES.
Auction this day, ' at 11 o'clock, Horses, Wagons, etc., . at
1140 Folsom street. -• . .
By F. H. Chase & Co. — This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
¦ Carriages, etc., at 9C5 Satter street. ..¦¦¦¦¦¦•7
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1902.
PIONEER OF. THE OIL-BURNING OCEAN-GOING LINERS WHICH AR
RIVED YESTERDAY FROM HILO AFTER A VOYAGE OF NINE DAYS;
IN WHICH RELIABILITY OF FUEL OIL WAS FULLY ESTABLISHED.
Friday, May 9, will be Eagles' day at the
Bakersfleld Street Fair and Carnival. Tickets
will be sold at Santa Fe offlcce, 641 Market St.,
at one fare for the round trip for all trains
May 7, good to return until May 11. This Is a
good chance to visit the San Joaquin Valley
and the Kern County Oil Fields. -
Eagles' Day at the Bakersfield Pair.
ROME. April 28.— The claim for the
beatification of the Chinese Catholic con
vert, Jos Khang, has been -before the con
gregation of rites, under the presidency
of the Pope. The result is not an
nounced, but if approved Khang will be
the first Chinaman to be canonized.
Chinese May Be Canonized.
Sights Much Wreckage.
PORT HURON. Mich., April 2S.— The
captain of the barge Sacramento report
ed here to-day that he sighted a quantity
cf wreckage on Saginaw Bay Saturday
afternoon during the terrific storm, which
evidently came from some steamer. The
steamer Pawnee has not been heard from
eince the storm and there are fears that
the wreckage may be part of her.
War on Sunday Pastimes.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— The ministers
of Los Angeles will take a firm stand
against Sabbath amusements. At the
meeting of the Ministerial Union to-day
resolutions to that effect were passed. It
was proposed that Sunday baseball, the
entertainments given at Chutes Park and
other Sunday pastimes shall be, preached
against in every pulpit In the city.
WASHINGTON. April 28.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day. rendered an
opinion in the case of the United States
vs. ' A. A. Green and others, involving' a
land grant In Pima County, Arizona. The
claim was for 150,000 acres, but the Court
of Private Land Claims adjudged,, the
grant valid for only a fraction of this
area, and to-day's opinion affirmed that
decision.
¦ - . ... .
Decision on Land Grant.
BLACK RIVER FALLS. Wls.. April
28.— Tom Thunder, the celebrated Winne
bago Indian, was accidentally drowned in
the Mississippi River to-day. Tom Thun
der is the young buck who disputed the
claim of "Chief White Buffalo" (Tom
Roddy of Chicago) to the chieftainship of
the Winnebago tribe. Chief Blackhawk,
before bis death, had requested that Rod
dy, who was known as "Chief .White Buf
falo," be the next chief. Thunder wished
to settle the rivalry by a tomahawk duel
over the grave of Blackhawk. /
Meets Death in the Mississippi
River.
Tom Thunder of the Winnebago Tribe
CELEBRATED INDIAN
ACCIDENT A T.TiY DROWNS
The cases are those of the United States
vs. Admiral Dewey. Captain Stoval vs.
Admiral Dewey and Admiral Dewey vs.
the Don Juan de Austria, Isla de Cuba.
Isla de Luzon, etc., and Edwin F. StovaL
All the cases are in the United States
Supreme Court on appeal from decisions
made in the Supreme Court for the Dis
trict of Columbia. The aggregate amount
involved is between $1,500,000 and $2,000.
000, and those directly interested in It
number between 3000 and 4000 officers and
sailors in the American navy.
SUPREME COTJBT ADVANCES
THE PRIZE-HONEY CASES
Decisions Are Awaited by 3000 or
4000 Officers and Sailors
of the Navy.
WASHINGTON. April 28.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day, on ! motion
of Solicitor General Richards, advanced
the hearing of a number of cases, involv
ing the prize money earned In connection
with the battle of Manila and the battle
of Santiago, setting them for the second
Monday of the next term.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
-.. chants" Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
April 28, 1802. .
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
1. . e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. '¦ ¦
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
given is subtracted from the depth given by.
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. «
TO SAIL.
Another of tho overdue fleet has been re
ported and on the reinsured list there is now
only eight vessels. The British ship Corunna,
which was quoted at 15 per cent, was sighted
by the steamship Enterprise on April 24 In lati
tude 32 18 north, longitude 125 15 west, and
asked to be reported all well. The Corunna
Is out eighty-six days from Newcastle. Aus
tralia. She Is laden with coal. Under ordinary
chcumstances no anxiety would have been oc
casioned by her failure to arrive, but the na
ture of her cargo and the recent disastrous ex
perlence of the Franklstan made the under-
Overdue Corunna Safe.
The United States revenue cutter Thetis Is
etill at W. A. Boole's shipyard, undergoing the
repairs made necessary by her recent colli
sion with Howard-street wharf. The repairs
are almost completed and the Thetis will short
ly be turned over to Captain Healy to get
ready for a northern cruise. Captain Hamlet,
chief of construction of this station, fs re
ceiving the condolences of hl« friends on his
Inability to shake himself clear of the Thetis.
She has been under repairs since last Octo
ber and the morning she hit Howard-street
wharf Captain Hamlet was going ¦ to turn . her
ovt-r to her new commander. He was going
to turn her over in first-class repair and fully
coaled. She came to grief before the transfer
was made, and Instead of steaming proudly
to her anchorage limped across the bay with
her bow In splints and still very much in need
of the good offices oPthe chief of construction.
Thetis Almost Beady.
THE steamship Enterprise, the
pioneer of oil burning ocean
liners, arrived yesterday from
Hllo. The Enterprise Is the first
vessel to attempt a long voyage
dependent entirely upon oil as a fuel,
and upon this, her first voyage as an 011
burner, she has proved its reliability be
yond a doubt. The Enterprise, which is
not a speedy craft under any circum
stances, made the trip from HITo in nine
days, and both going and returning Cap
tain Miller found the liquid fuel every
thing that had been expected.
People Interested In steam vessels nave
been watching the Enterprise experiment
with great attention. Its successful re
sult will be far reaching in Its effects and
many vessels will in consequence be con
verted into oil burners. The Oceanic
steamship Mariposa has been changed
and it will be as an oil burner that she
will replace the Australia on the Tahiti
The Enterprise brought up 57.319 bags of
sugar. After passing quarantine she
went to Oakland long wharf.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey '
.Times and -Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance , to • San
Francisco Bay. 'Published by official au-'
thority of the Superintendent.. , .
• NOTi: — The high and low waters occur at
the city .front (Mission-street wharf)- about
twenty-five | minutes . later than | at Fort ' Point •
the height of tide la the same. at both places'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
. Willamette River, Swan Island post light,
page 34, No. 149 (List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast. 1902, page 64)— On April 23 the
white Btako from which this light was displayed
was discontinued. The light Is now shown
from an arm on a, single pile eight feet ! above
the water, without change in location.
Mocks Bottom post light, page 34, after No.
149 (List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast,
1902. page 04)-^On April 23 a fixed red lantern
light was , established .eight feet ¦: above ' the
water,* suspended from an arm on a single pile,
on Mocks Bottom, as a guide in the sharp
turn in the Swan Island channel. Swan Island
post light S\V. by W. %-W; Portland Flouring
Mills wharf post light SE. by E. % E.
Tho following affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1002, page 51 : .
Columbia River, ship channel across the bar
as far as Astoria, ; Or. —South channel, bell
buoy, a red, ¦ nun-shaped latticework buoy, sur
mounted by a bell, heretofore reported . as - not
in good working order, was discontinued April
21; .-.-'¦•-. . ' ¦ ¦¦ , ----- . ¦ -¦. •! ¦ .• :
South channel buoy, a black, . first-class can,
with "S. C." in whlto letters, was established
April 21 in sixty feet of water, and marks the
entrance to the south channel over • the ¦ bar.
North Head lighthouse N. # E. . Northerly,
Cape -Disappointment lighthouse NNE. U-E •
Point • Adams lighthouse, old tower, " E. ¦ U n!
By order of the Lighthouse Board "
¦ W. P. DAY •• ¦
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector
OREGON.
Notice Is , hereby given of . the. . following
charges in the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which affect the Ltxt of Lights and Fog
Signals, Pacific Coast, 1902:
Notice to Mariners.
In addition to the cargo previously 'reported
the steamer City of Puebla, which sailed on
Saturday for Victoria, carried merchandise for
British Columbia .valued at .$405. includinff
the following: 374 pkgs fresh fruit, 244 pkg3
fresh vegetables, 5390 lbs butter, 5 flasks quick
silver. 1712 lbs cheese, 40 sheets steel, 19 pkgs
hardware, 8 ' pkgs groceries and provisions. 20
coils rope, 2 bales twine, 525 lbs copper, 990
lbs dried fruit.
Additional Cargo.
The British bark Duns law loads wheat at
Tacoma for Europe at 26s 9d; the British bark
Invermay lumber on Puget Sound for : Mel
bourne, 4Bs; the schooner F. M. Slade, lumber
at Grays Harbor for Shanghai, 37s 6d; all
chartered prior to- arrival.- >
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
\ Shipping Merchants.
The British bark Peter Iredale Is chartered
for wheat from Tacoma to Europe, 26.3 Cd.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN".
Thn Occidental and Oriental steamship Doric,
which sails Thursday for the Orient^ will- carry
an unusually, small cargo. Freight to the
Orient has been light for some time past, I but
the Doric will take the smallest cargo, that
hac been carried by a trans-Pacific liner for
some time.
Will Take Small Cargo.
" 'Ufspatches from f {he'nortn say that" the^se'ai
ing catch this season will be only: half as large
as it was last year. All the catches so far
reported are small, that of the C. D. Rand,'
which claims 154 skins, being the largest. The
catch last year on the British Columbia coast
was 7938. - :':. -- ; ;- ¦ : "X: V
Poor Xuck for Sealers.
Thft army transport Grant, which arrived on'
Sunday from Manila, docked yesterday at the
transport wharf. She will sail, again on May
20. Amcnff the second cabin passengers on the
Grant was Fred Boyer, the ex-captaln of the
commissary department, who, • "with ; Captains
Reed and Burrows, were sentenced to terms
of imprisonment for frauds perpetrated in the
departments under their charge. Boyer served
a year in Billbld prison .and returns a. free
man. Reed returned some time ago, a prisoner,
and left here for Fort Leavenworth. Burrows
Is still in prison at Manila. • Boyer was found
guilty of participation in a fraudulent bacon
deal. " ¦ ,
Returned on Grant.
The bark Nuuanu -is reported as having.ar
rived at Honolulu on April 1$. She made tho
trip from New York In the remarkable time
of 112 days, one of the fastest passages re
corded for some time.
Made a Good Trip.
writers unusually careful. ¦ There were no
changes In other reinsurance rates.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. Santa Barbara.
Nor stmr Titania, Esienes, Nanaimo.,
Schr Sophie Christensen, LunvaldtJ Grays
Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Enterprise— April 24. lat 32 18 N.
Ion 125 15 W, Br ship Corunna, from Newcas
tle. Aus, for San Francisco: all well.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOSr April 28 — Weather cloudy,
wind south, velocity 3« miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Aorll 27 — Stmrs Co
quille River and National City, hence Apr 28.
- Sailed Aaril 28— Stmr National City, for San
Francisco.
BANDON— Arrived April 27— Stmr Manda
lay. hence April 24.
PORT KENTON— Arrived April 27— Stmr
Argo, hence April 25.
¦ SEATTLE — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Jeanle,
from Alaska; stmr Santa Barbara, hence
April 24.
Sailed April 27 — Stmrs AI-Ki and Dlriffo, for
Skagway.
¦ Arrived April 28 — Schr James H Bruce, from
Sailed April 28 — Stmr Geo "W Fuller,, for
Bristol Bay.
COOS BAY — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Alli
ance, from Portland, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived April 26 — Stmr Rainier,
from Fairhaven. for San Francisco. April 27 —
Stmr Homer, hence April 25; stmr Pomona,
hence April 27; Btmr Navarro. hence April 24.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived April 28 — Stmr
Santa Barbara, hence April 24.
HUENEME — Arrived April - 28 — Stmr Coro
nado. from Grays Harbor.
CASPAR — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Luella.
he pO C RT r LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 23—
Stmr "Wiiitesboro. from Greenwood, and sailed
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Sailed April 28 — Stmr Columbia,
°SAN n pEDRO — Arrived April 28 — Stmr TV H
Kruger, from Tillamook; 6tmr Whitesboro,
from Port Lo* Angeles.^ * ' ,, -_ '
NEAH BAI — Passed In April 28 — Stmr
Edith, hence ADril 25. for Seattle: stmr City of
Puebla, hence April 26. for Victoria.
GHATS HARBOR — Arrived April 28 — Schr
R C Slade. hence April 15.
TACOMA — Arrived April 28 — Br bark Duns
law, from Hongkong; stmr Chas Nelson, from
Seattle; stmr Mackinaw, hence April 23.
Sailed April 2S — Ital ship Macdiarmld. for
United Kingdom. April 27— Ger stmr Neko.
for Port Blakeley. : ':• -
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Arrived April 18 — Bark Nuua
nu. from New York (112 days) ; schr Maksou
toff. hence March 27. -
Sailed April 17— Ship A J Fuller, for San
Francisco; U S stmr Iroquois. for cruise.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 27— Ship S P
Hitchcock, hence Jan 4.
BALTIMORE— Arrived April 26 — Ship Henry
B Hyde, from N,ew York.'
- FOREIGN PORTS. ;
LONDON — Arrived April 27 — Br stmr Glen
garry, from Tacoma.
VALPARAISO— Arrived April 24 — Cbll stmr/
Palena, bence March IS. ,
CARDIFF — Sailed April 26 — Br ship .Wynn-
Btay. for Esquimau. ¦••--.-
HONGKONG — Sailed April 28— Br stmr
Glenosle, for Tacoma.
Arrived April 28— Stmr City of Peking.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived . April 27.— Br ' stmr
Gaelic, hence March 8.
ENSENADA — Sailed April 26. 3 p tn — Stmr
Curacao, for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER — Arrived April 28 — Br bark
Invermay, from Victoria.
Sailed April 23 — Stmr Princess May, for
Sailed April 27— Stmr Ven
tura, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed April - 24— Stmr San
Joae for San Francisco.
SWANSEA — Sailed ' April " 27 — Fr ship Leon
CAPE°SP ARTEL — Passed ADril 28 — Br stmr
Heathburn, from New York, for Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
NEW YORK — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Koln,
CHERBOURG — Arrived • April 27 — Stmr
Friederlch der_Gro8se, from New "York, for
Bremen. Aaril 28— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Bremen, and proceeded.
Sailed, April 27— Stmr Bremen, for New
LIVERPOOL — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Cevic,
from New York.
PLYMOUTH — Sailed April 28 — Stmr Patri
cia from Hambursr. for New York.
BREMEN — Arrived April -28 — Stmr Frteder
lch der Grosse. from New York.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Aller.
from New York, for Naples and Genoa. .
BRISBANE — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Aoran
zl. from Vancouver. B C, via Honolulu, for
Sydney.. NSW. ¦ • • •
WASHINGTON, April 28.— Secretary
Shaw said to-day that on May '1 he would
Increase the deposits In national bank
depositories by three or four millions. He
will designate a few additional deposi
tories. It is understood that further in
crease in deposits will be made after May
1, as the repeal of the war revenue act is
expected to result in a sharp increase in
the Government receipts from the begin
ning of the fiscal year, when the law will
go into operation.
Will Increase Deposits.
The sailors who were given judgment
for $240 each against, the schooner Howe
on account of poor food supply - on the
voyage here from New York 'via Mau
ritius have now brought suits asking for
$10,000 damages. . Three more sailors have
sued for extra compensation. As a re
sult of the many libels the vessel is
likely to be abandoned to the sailors, as
the captain and owner will probably re
fuse to fight the cases any further. -
A plan Is on foot to erect memorials in
Kawaihao Church, the oldest church
here, In honor of those who took part
in laying the foundations of civilization
and Christianity In Hawaii. The me
morials are to be tablet windows. Ka
waiahao Church stands on tho site where
the Rev. Hiram Bingham preached the
first Christian sermon ever preached In
Hawaii. There is a long list of names
of the early missionary fathers and in
fluential native converts whose memories
•will be honored when the project is car
ried out. *
.The bark Nuuanu arrived yesterday,
after the quickest trip here from New
York that has been made in eight years.
She came in 112 days.
The Board of Health has made a stir
by its resolution asking Bishop Gulstan
to remove the Rev. Father "Webdelin from
the leper settlement. His associates de
mand that charges be brought against
him' and a hearing given before he is
removed.' The reason for the board's ac
tion is said to be that the father has
not worked in harmony with the repre
sentatives of the board.
' HONOLULU, April 17.-Judgo Hum
phreys to-day rendered a written decision
disapproving investments amounting to
$42,000 by A. W. Carter, trustee of An
nie T. K. Parker, in bonds of the Mc-
Bryde plantation, the Oahu Railway Ccm
pany and the Walalua Agricultural Com
pany, a plantation. The court holds that
the bonds are not a proper Investment
for a trustee, being too uncertain. The
trust deed provides that only a majority
of the bondholders can force foreclosure
proceedings, and the Judge stated that
this made the trustee powerless to con
trol the Investment. .The trustee Is or
dered to surcharge himself with the $42,000
invested in the bonds.
Judge "Humphreys ot Hono
lulu Benders Decision
''in Carter Case. *
. Held by th© Court
to Be Uncertain.
Buys Bonds That Are
TRUSTEE MAKES
BAD INVESTMENT
TUESDAY. APRIL 20. ¦
Sunrises ............................. ' n-in
Sun sets............ ".'."* 6 : n8
Moon rises ...'. ; ; . . . . . v. . . .0:00 ' k. "m. 1
NOTE: — In the above exposition, of the tides
the early ! morning tides are ¦ given In" the left '
hand j column and the - successive tides - of | the
day in the order; of occurrence as to time- tha
fourth time ; column gives the last Ude of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs: .'¦ The heights ¦ given- are • In
addition to the soundings of the .United States
Coast Survey, charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
Monday, April 28.
Btmr.' Coos Bay, Glelow, . San Pedro.
Stmr.GeoW Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr ' Ruth, Reed. . Eureka. . • i
Stmr, Kulton, Levlnson. ¦ Grays Harbor.
Stmr South' Coaatr Jamieson, .- . •¦ .
Stmr Pleiades, Purrlngton, Ladysmith.
l >i |l liii'" ii' 'III I M ' l»l ' i'
SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. / • ¦;
Monday, April 28.
Btmr Fulton, Levinson, 56 hours ¦ from ' San
Pedro. ¦•"-'" ¦
Stmr Samoa,' Madsen, 14 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Enterprise. Miller. 0 days from Hllo.
Stmr State of California. Thomas. 40 hours
from San Dieco._ ; ' ". .-•¦„¦
Stmr- Santa Monica. Olsen, > 3 days from
Grays Harbor;, bound south; put in to ¦ land
passengers. - . , '"'-' „' "
¦ Stmr Curacao, . Paulsen, 11 days from Guay
mas,'via Ensenada 61 hours.
.Schr John G North, Seastrom.,7% days from
Port Gamble. : •; *¦ '•' v ,
Sctir Ida, A. 'Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. P & , cleared; ,- .
, r . .-.¦.*.'-'. Y .¦-• ".-.;, Monday, April 28.
: Stmr Alltak. < '"¦ Rasmussen, Alltak; Alaska
Packers' Assn. "¦' '¦¦'¦ ¦ -^MMiSMftafttutMNM)
Stmr , Pleiades, Purrington, . Ladysmith; C T
Bowrlnz & Co.- .-.*;¦¦
- Ship Star ' of : Italy, Western. Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn. . .¦ •¦ . '¦ ¦
Bark .'Annie Johnson, "Williams. Hilo; J~D
Spreckels & Bros Co. .".:¦¦¦ , - ¦¦ '.'-;
Steamship Enterprise Arrives From Hilo and Reports
Converted Furnaces a Success.
PIONEER OIL-BURNING LINER
PROVES VALUE OF NEW FUEL
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
Time
Ft.
H W
2:48 4.2
3:52 4.0
L, W
0:00 3.1
0:51 2.6
1:4S :2.0
2:35 1.4
3:18 0.8
4:00 0.1
iTlmel
: 10:10
i 11:02
H W
5:18
i 6:37
7:48
"8:56
0:SS
10:54
¦'!¦:; Time " TUn« • '. .
o LW • H W
3.9 11:57 1.3 .7:10 . 4.5
3.0 12:55 1.6 7:48 "5.(
.4.1 1:42 . 1.0 8:24 ¦ 6.1
-4.4 2:28 .1.8! 8:58 B.J
4.G 3:13 1.0! 0:30 , C.t
4-7| 3:5S| 2.1|10:10 6.',
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Chehalls.....
Santa Cruz. .
Progreso.....
Arctic ;.
Rainier
Empire
North Fork..
San Jose I
Columbia....
Victoria, .r.".
Pomona
Alliance
Wycfleld
Argo .'.
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa. .
C. Nelson-. . .
Nippon Maru.
Umatllla
Eureka
San Mateo. . .
Phoenix
Coos Bay....
Neko
Mandalay....
State of Cal..
a. W. Klder. .
Coronado. ...
Leelanaw....
Guatemala...
Alameda
CUvPuebla..
Algoa
Hyades.... ..
Newport...*,
Peru
Lakme. ......
San Pedro .....|
Newport & Way Ports.
Seattle
Humboldt
Seattle & Falrbaven. . . .
Coos Bay -
Humboldt
Panama & Way Ports..
Portland & Astoria .....
Comox .................
Humboldt
Portland & Way Ports.
Kanaimo
Eel Klver Ports
Point Arena
San Diego & Way Ports
Seattle & Tacoma. .....
China & Japan
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt
Xanalmo
>lendoclno City
San Pedro & Way Ports.
Seattle
Coqull 1 a River
San Dlcgro & Way Ports.
Portland & Astoria
San Pedro
New York via Panama.
Valparaiso & Way Ports
Honolulu
Puget Sound i Ports .....
Manila via Mojl
Honolulu .-...
Panama & Way Ports..
China & Japan.
Portland & Astoria ....
lApr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. SO
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. SO
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. SO
Apr. 30
Apr. SO
Apr. SO
May 1
May 1
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 4
May 4
May 5
May S
May 6
May R
May 6
May 6
May 7
May S
May 8
May 8
May 10
May 10
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.
Pier.
Eureka....
Newburg..
rhehalis...
\rcata
3. Lindauei
San Juan..
3an Pedro. .
PtTga. ......
State Cal..
r. Kimbali.
Soncma
Doric......
A-rgyll
2ueen
\lllanco...
Santa Crua.
fomona...
Arctic. . .'. .
fc Arena..
Mcrth Fork
Columbia. .
Westport..
Rainier. . . .
Bessie K..
April 29. j
Humboldt 0 am
Grays Harbor 5 pm
April 30. .
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm
Coos Bay & Ft. Or£d 10 am
i Mar, 1. . - - . I
Grays Harbor *.... 5 pm|
Panama & Way Pts 12 ml
Humboldt .-t 10 am|
Gel River Ports... 5 pm
San Diejto & Way.. 0 am
SeaUle & Tacoma.. 10 am
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am
China & Japan...', lpm
N. ¦ T. via Panama. 2 pm
Puget' Sound Ports 11 am
»Iay S.
Portland & Way Pts 6 pm
Newport & Way Pts 9 am
Humboldt 1:30 p
May 3.
Humboldt 10 am|
Point Arena V pml
Humboldt ......... 9 am|
Astoria & Portlana 11 am
Bear Harbor 5 pm
Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm
Golofnln Bay-Teller
May 4.
San Diego & Way. 9 am
Mendocino City ... 3 pm
Tahiti direct 10 am
May 6.'
Grays Harbor 4 pm
' Slay O.
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am
Puget Sound Pjrts. 11 am
:• Mny 7.-. •/-¦.: ; A -'»
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am
Mexican Ports .... 10 am
Coqtiille River/.... 4 pm
May 8.
Astoria & Portland. 11 am
Panama & Way... 12 mi
Pier 13
Pjer 2
I Pier —
jPler 13
I Pier —
I PMSS
|Pler 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier. 2
Pier 7
PMSS.
Pier 16
Pier si
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier a
I
I Pier. 2
I Pier -i
|Pier 2
IHer 2*
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 16
5. Rosa....
?botr.ix...\
Australia. .
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier • 7
Horonado. .
Pier 2
2oos Bay. ..
Jmatllla. . .
Pier 11
Pier 9
?. Nelson..
Curacao...
Handalay . .
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
J.. Elder. ..
3an Jose...
Pier 24
PMSS
Steamer.
For. SaU».^
Skagway & Way- Ports. Apr. 29
Nome direct (about).... Apr. 29
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Bkagway & "Way Ports. I Apr. 30
Skagway & . Way Ports. |May 4
Skagway & Way; Ports. (May 0
Sunrise & "Hope" Clty.|May 6
Skagway &. Way Ports. | May 6
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts May 10
Valdez ¦ & ; Way Ports . . . |May 15
For.
City Seattle..
Jeanie. ......
Dolphin..
Cottage City.
Ilumboldt
City Topeka.
Chico........
Farallon. ....
Bertha...,..'.
Santa- Ana ...
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Chehalls.....
Santa Cruz. .
Progreso.....
Arctic ;.
Rainier
Empire
North Fork..
San Jose I
Columbia....
Victoria, .r.".
Pomona
Alliance
Wycfleld
Argo .'.
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa. .
C. Nelson-. . .
Nippon Maru.
Umatllla
Eureka
San Mateo. . .
Phoenix
Coos Bay....
Neko
Mandalay....
State of Cal..
a. W. Klder. .
Coronado. ...
Leelanaw....
Guatemala...
Alameda
CUvPuebla..
Algoa
Hyades.... ..
Newport...*,
Peru
Lakme. ......
San Pedro .....|
Newport & Way Ports.
Seattle
Humboldt
Seattle & Falrbaven. . . .
Coos Bay -
Humboldt
Panama & Way Ports..
Portland & Astoria .....
Comox .................
Humboldt
Portland & Way Ports.
Kanaimo
Eel Klver Ports
Point Arena
San Diego & Way Ports
Seattle & Tacoma. .....
China & Japan
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt
Xanalmo
>lendoclno City
San Pedro & Way Ports.
Seattle
Coqull 1 a River
San Dlcgro & Way Ports.
Portland & Astoria
San Pedro
New York via Panama.
Valparaiso & Way Ports
Honolulu
Puget Sound i Ports .....
Manila via Mojl
Honolulu .-...
Panama & Way Ports..
China & Japan.
Portland & Astoria ....
lApr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. SO
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. SO
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. SO
Apr. 30
Apr. SO
Apr. SO
May 1
May 1
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 4
May 4
May 5
May S
May 6
May R
May 6
May 6
May 7
May S
May 8
May 8
May 10
May 10
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.
Pier.
Eureka....
Newburg..
rhehalis...
\rcata
3. Lindauei
San Juan..
3an Pedro. .
PtTga. ......
State Cal..
r. Kimbali.
Soncma
Doric......
A-rgyll
2ueen
\lllanco...
Santa Crua.
fomona...
Arctic. . .'. .
fc Arena..
Mcrth Fork
Columbia. .
Westport..
Rainier. . . .
Bessie K..
April 29. j
Humboldt 0 am
Grays Harbor 5 pm
April 30. .
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm
Coos Bay & Ft. Or£d 10 am
i Mar, 1. . - - . I
Grays Harbor *.... 5 pm|
Panama & Way Pts 12 ml
Humboldt .-t 10 am|
Gel River Ports... 5 pm
San Diejto & Way.. 0 am
SeaUle & Tacoma.. 10 am
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am
China & Japan...', lpm
N. ¦ T. via Panama. 2 pm
Puget' Sound Ports 11 am
»Iay S.
Portland & Way Pts 6 pm
Newport & Way Pts 9 am
Humboldt 1:30 p
May 3.
Humboldt 10 am|
Point Arena V pml
Humboldt ......... 9 am|
Astoria & Portlana 11 am
Bear Harbor 5 pm
Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm
Golofnln Bay-Teller
May 4.
San Diego & Way. 9 am
Mendocino City ... 3 pm
Tahiti direct 10 am
May 6.'
Grays Harbor 4 pm
' Slay O.
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am
Puget Sound Pjrts. 11 am
:• Mny 7.-. •/-¦.: ; A -'»
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am
Mexican Ports .... 10 am
Coqtiille River/.... 4 pm
May 8.
Astoria & Portland. 11 am
Panama & Way... 12 mi
Pier 13
Pjer 2
I Pier —
jPler 13
I Pier —
I PMSS
|Pler 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier. 2
Pier 7
PMSS.
Pier 16
Pier si
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier a
I
I Pier. 2
I Pier -i
|Pier 2
IHer 2*
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 16
5. Rosa....
?botr.ix...\
Australia. .
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier • 7
Horonado. .
Pier 2
2oos Bay. ..
Jmatllla. . .
Pier 11
Pier 9
?. Nelson..
Curacao...
Handalay . .
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
J.. Elder. ..
3an Jose...
Pier 24
PMSS
Steamer.
For. SaU».^
Skagway & Way- Ports. Apr. 29
Nome direct (about).... Apr. 29
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Bkagway & "Way Ports. I Apr. 30
Skagway & . Way Ports. |May 4
Skagway & Way; Ports. (May 0
Sunrise & "Hope" Clty.|May 6
Skagway &. Way Ports. | May 6
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts May 10
Valdez ¦ & ; Way Ports . . . |May 15
For.
City Seattle..
Jeanie. ......
Dolphin..
Cottage City.
Ilumboldt
City Topeka.
Chico........
Farallon. ....
Bertha...,..'.
Santa- Ana ...
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
Time
Ft.
H W
2:48 4.2
3:52 4.0
L, W
0:00 3.1
0:51 2.6
1:4S :2.0
2:35 1.4
3:18 0.8
4:00 0.1
iTlmel
: 10:10
i 11:02
H W
5:18
i 6:37
7:48
"8:56
0:SS
10:54
¦'!¦:; Time " TUn« • '. .
o LW • H W
3.9 11:57 1.3 .7:10 . 4.5
3.0 12:55 1.6 7:48 "5.(
.4.1 1:42 . 1.0 8:24 ¦ 6.1
-4.4 2:28 .1.8! 8:58 B.J
4.G 3:13 1.0! 0:30 , C.t
4-7| 3:5S| 2.1|10:10 6.',
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f|| For the Strength '
Tm of Woman
fe r ||||| to surmount the difficulties
toi^^%^ °* s °cial or^worfe-a-day life
iipi ANREUSER-BUSCH'S
Nature's greatest assistant.
use wards off depression
fj^^^^/i^^^fl an<^ illness and promotes
iff^SI^Fl di gestion and health.
iU t »*Ail Al -t<*'//HOPS -A All druggists sell it. Prepared only by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
IPik-'i^iftESliSSBHai 23* TireVers ef the famous Budwelser, Mlchelob.
H^!^ 2 » ;;^S^ BlacK Q Tan. Faust. Pale-Lager. Anhou.er-
Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite. .
AD VEBTISEMBNTS.
Why is Pears' Soap— the
best in the world, the soap
with no" free alkali in it— .
sold for 15 ; cents a cake ?
It was made for a -hos-
pital soap, in the first
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
that would wash as sharp ,
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with, no
free alkali in it, nothing
but soap; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity; quan-'-
tity comes of quality. .
Sold all over the •world."
DaIo/^P!' -Desirable location,
lUluvv unsurpassed cuisine,
j u h e q u a 1 e d ser-
51 tin ' v i ce ' a °d rnoderrf
Oil II conveniences arc: the;
', ¦ attributes that have
Of f*Qf|/| made" these two ho- i
Ul CUIU tels popular with
: £J : j tourists and travel-
HataIc ers 1 who visit San
IlUlVld Francisco.'
AMTJSEMEITTS.
Regular Matinee Wednesday.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE
Thursday Jay Oay
MODERN VADDEVILLE
The Florenz Troupe; The Five Nosses;
Louise Dresser; Jack Norworth;
Milton and Dollie Nobles; Pony
Ballet; Wilton Brothers; Knight
Brothers, and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c
£*fll IIMDIA MFRirascirj
L£ADl.*i3 THEATEf
Powell st., near Market.
BVERT NIGHT EXCEPT 6UNDATS.
MATINEES EATURDATS.
!Tc. GOODWIN
maxine ELLIOTT
In Their Greatest American London
WHEN NVB
WERE TWENTY-ONE.
PDIfCC Evenings.. $2. $1 60. $1. 75c. 50c, 25c
rnlWLj Matinees $1 60. SI. 75c. 50c. 25c
Next Week— Last Nights of GOODWIN-
ELLIOTT Engagement.
beiasco*«*t&au:sjm(%£
THE GREATEST HIT IN YEARS.
TO-NIGHT — ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Most Gorgeous Spectacular Melodrama Ever
Seen in This City.
SLA VES OF
THE ORIENT
OVER 100 PEOPLE IN THE
PRODUCTION. THE GREATEST EVER.
New and Up-to-Date Specialties.
Aopear&nce of the Brilliant Actor, EARLE
BROWNE.
rDIPCC Evenings * 10c to 60c
IftlWLJ Matinee* 10c. 16c, 25c
Next Week— "MRS. PARTINGTON."
Belasco & ThalL Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
n>« Most Novel of Unique French Farces,
The Lash
of the Whip.
It has convulsed London, Paris and New York,
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c, 60c, 75c.
N'ext Week — "When the Heart Was Young."
I FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Farrfll, bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Main 231.
LIKK BEES IN A HIVE.
THEY LITERALLY SWARMED IN!
fourth Week Began With a Crush Last Night.
w FIDDLi£ Ofc£££ DEf
R'lll be witnessed by 319,000 of San Fran-
tisco'e C50.0CO inhabitants If the attendance
tontlnu^s from this on. e And 'why should it
«ot? There is nothing like It. Everything
ibout the show is — well, greater than any-
ihlng ever seen here.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Come to the MAY DAY matinee, day after
o-morrow (Thursday). And we give mati-
iee£ on Saturday and Sunday. 25c anywhere
A matinees. Children at matinees 10c At
light we reserve- seats for 25c and 50c." Can
¦«u beat this? Something new every week. ;
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPENING OF. THE
NEW CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.'
THURSDAY-MAY DAY.
A Host of New Attractions on the Grounds
and In the Magnificent Theater.
Seating 4000 People. .
PERFORMANCES EVERT AFTERNOON and
• EVENING. • •
SPECIAL FEATURE: V
Col. Edward Beaupre,
THE FRENCH GIANT.
Atsalutely the Largest Man on Earth. Seven
Feet Ten and One-Half Inches In
His Etocklnss.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. Be.
. ' * Phone for Seats — Park 23.
ANOTHER MAGNIFICENT TRIUMPH
ALL THIS WEEK. -
MATINEE SATURDAY.
. ¦ SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAT.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting the Very Latest of Pronounced
Stage Successes,
"THE STARBUCKS."
By Ople Read, "-a UN-
SEATS SELLING.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING.
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
SEATS THURSDAY.
MATTNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Last Night a Tremendous Audience Welcomed:
Popular
EDWARD HARRIGAN
In Mr. Harri&an's Celebrated Comedy,
OLD LAVENDER.
One of the Best Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15c, 25c. 60c.- 78c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week "THE LEATHER PATCH"
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
GOOD LUCK GUARANTEED TO ALL
WHO CALL ON
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
STILL CROWDING THE HOUSE.
Next— THE SINGING G IRL. >/%
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 75c
.?; \ -' - . Telephone Bush 9.
mH^ RAGING
~^^7i» "^HKg 1 * Every Week'. Day—
isr Rain or Shine.
MEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY, CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp
Ferry-boat leaves Sun Francisco at 12 rh an*
12:30. ll:M,2, 2:30 and 3 p/ m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the'
track. Last two cars on train reserved tot
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. .Buy your
!erry tickets to Shell Mound. . All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San, Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and ' Broadway,' Oak-
land. Also all trains via. Alamedk mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These < electric car*
go direct to the track In fifteen mica tea.
¦ Returning— Trains leave the 'track at 4:15
and 4 :15 p. m. and immediately after the last
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.,' President '
. CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr. -
NEW . ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WOMAN TO BE PSETTY
Must • Have Luxuriant and Glossy
Hair, No Matter What Color.
The finest contour of a female face, the
sweetest . smile of a female mouth, losses
something if the head Is crowned with
scant hair. Scant and falling hair, it : is
now. known. Is caused. by a parasite that
burrows into the scalp to" the root of the
hair, s where it saps the vitality. The little
white scales .the . germ . throws . up In bur-
rowing are called dandruff.- To cure dan-
druff permanently,', then, and to stop fall-
ing hair, .that germ must be killed. New-
bro's Herpicide, an 'entirely new result of
the chemical i laboratory, destroys the
dandruff ; germ, and... of course,'; stops the
, falling hair and cures baldness.
.PAINE'S CEIiEBY COMPOTJITD.
PMNE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
Is the Only. Medicine That
Can Promptly and Per-
manently Banish All
Wasting and Dan-
gerous Dis-
vdOCut
It Restores Lost Health When
Physicians Pronounce Your
Case Incurable.
If in springtime sick people— youngf and
old— act with promptness, wisdom and
decision suffering, agony and- misery
would never be carried into the summer
months.
To delay the work of banishing disease,
regulating the nerves, purifying the blood
and restoring perfect digestion is a se-
rious mistake.
When the blood Is sluggish, impure and
poisoned, when the nervous system is un-
balanced, when digestion is deranged and
the appetite poor and variable, be as-
sured your condition is critical and calls
for instant attention before the summer
months bring additional dangers.
At this time the use of Palne's Celery
Compound will do a marvelous work for
every run-down, sick and diseased man
and woman.
Its llf e-giving " work first commences
with the blood, which Is made clean and
pure; then the nerves are quickly set :n
order, digestive vigor Is fully restored,
the appetite Is made natural, sleep is re-
freshing and . the despondent heart 13
made light and joyous. ..;.¦
It is well to bear in mind that Palne's
Celery . Compound owes its origin to tha
most distinguished physician ' that this
American continent ever produced, and
his marvelous prescription is publicly in-
dorsed by our best and ablest physicians.
If all sufferers who have been disap-
pointed in ,the past win promptly start
with Paine's Celery Compound they will
be astonished and delighted with tha
speed with which this wonderful remedy
is able to call a halt to wasting and dan-
gerous diseases. It is now making tens
of thousands well and strong and fitting:
them to enjoy the summer months, wbictx
to the well and strong are pleasurabla
and happy.
D! A MAN!) I1VFS ar * th « simplest dyes made.
.AfflUIlU VlLJ a child can use them.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure I
- No remedy has cared so many of K
Rheumatism. Gout and Lumbago as haa 5
my Rheumatism Cure. Try It and then. 3
bid good-by to crutches, canes and »
. pains. It does not put the disease to ', Bj
sleep, but drives it from tha system. ••*
Relieves pain in from one to thre» B
hours, and cures generally before, one. b
vial has been used. ?\
Munyon's 'Witch Hazel Soap makes ji
the skin soft as velvet.. 15c. Sold every. If
¦where. *»¦ ft
- MunjoiTs Inhaler Cures Catarrh, ji
. Send for Guide- to Health Book free, f
New York. |jj
TAKE A DAY OFF
Occasionally: 'twill do you good and serr«
to keep you in becter health and spirit. '
Then 'twill be a. good time to improva
your *nowled£e cf perfect laundry by
learning the 'quality of our work.
We've pleased thousands of particular
people; can please you. as one packaga
hero will convince you. 1^9
No saw edzes. glfl^ffiflfH
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'S.
Office 1004 Market Street. .
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av*
.- Superior to ApioL, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex.
Apioline Capsules for three months cost $L»
Druggist or P. O. Box 2081, 2Tew York.
XZOKE! COKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuel for. Grates, Fur-
naces andJJooking.
Then 1* no fuel that will compare- irita eoka.
Delivered la any quantity. Country order*
Mlldted. P. A. McPONAU>. 813 FoUom St.
00ml% ELECTRIC BELT
f £rtJ**~*^tt^«»szsr^N Same m other?
$20. Guaranteed
jjSjK* 1 " ¦ genuine. Power-
£[':'-¥• ful current. Latest lnv-
¦3SJK* provements. It - cure*
•/^re"* without medicine. Not
sold by agents or druggists. No discounts.
Ftee by mall on receipt of price. Circulars
free.- Ask for the "Dr. Alden Electrlo
Belt-" Call .or address th» PtERCB
ELECTRIC CO.. 2OO Post. «t.. S. F.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and NeTVlne. .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tha Sexual Organs, for both sexes. ¦
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRCNE. Agents.
823 Market «t.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
Weekly CaH,$1.00 per Year'The '-^ Beta, Epsilon, • . Upsilon, Sigma;
bmJcron, Theta, Kappa Zeta and Gamma
Oil companies were incorporated yester
day. The capital stock ; of \ each is I $1000. !
The directors of the 'companies: are R. A.'
Clark, F.' C. Mills, H. Deuprey, F. J.
Martens, M. M. Kahn and A. T. Fletcher.
Greek! Alphabet in T Oil.
G. H.. Vincent was held to, answer be
fore the. Superior Court by Judge ' Conlan
yesterday on the charge of burglary in
$1000 bonds. 'He was accused of breaking
into the - residence of Henry F. Schuldt,
649 Linden avenue.'on April-21, and steal-
Ing clothing and other articles. •
Held for Burglary.
The Journeymen . Horseshoers' Union
has i filed ?.& protest with the Board of
Health against the further shoeing of the
horses at the Almshouse by George E.
Carr, who at present holds the contract.
They claim that he is not complying with
his contract.
Make Objection to Carr.
Judge Hebbard yesterday ordered the
issuance of a peremptory writ of mandate
compelling the Board of Police Commis
sioners to restore Edward E. Dodge to
the position ¦ of patrolman on the police
force, from which he was removed in
June, 1893. Dodge, while chasing a thief
down Market street, fell and received in
juries which subsequently caused a stroke
of paralysis. He was dismissed from the
force while he was confined to his bed,
and sought restoration in order that he
might claim a pension.
Orders Dodge Restored.
The Board of Public Works decided yes
terday to abolish the white uniforms worn
by the street sweepers. A committee rep
resenting the sweepers addressed . the
board and stated that the uniform was
obnoxious to them. The board, while
deeming the uniform a protection to the
sweepers against reckless driving, did not
desire to enforce an objectionable rule,
and the uniforms were ordered discarded.
In future the sweepers will wear a badge
on their coats, and the badge of the in-'
spectors will be. worn on the hat.'
Sweepers' Uniforms Abolished.
During the trial the contestants had in
troduced, expert medical testimony to
prove that, B,lake had been of. unsound
mind. ¦" The Judge, In charging the jury,
said that all expert testimony was unsat
isfactory and generally unreliable unless
it dealt with positive "facts. The Supreme
Court holds that the expert testimony in
the case at bar was competent and to the
point. The judgment and order of the
lower court are reversed and the cause
remanded for a new trial.
The, five daughters of the lateiThomas
M. Blake of Farmersville, Lake County,
who are contesting, their father's will,
were granted 'their petition for a new,
hearing of the case by the Supreme Court
yesterday. : . , . « , , .. ".
Blake left practically all ef his fortune
amounting to about $40,000 to his second
wife and her two children. The children
by his: first wife -petitioned- that, the will
be not admitted to probate, claiming that
their, father was .irresponsible at the time
the document had been drawn"*- up 'and
that 'the wife had exercised" undue, influ
ence in -causing him to make such a dis
posal ' of the property. The lower court
sustained the proponents of the will/
Contestants of Will of Thomas
Blake.
Supreme Court Grants New Trial to
KAY YET GET A SHAKE
-. OF-PATEBNAL. ESTATE
The Public Utilities Committee was di
rected by the Board of Supervisors in a
resolution .yesterday to include in the
proposed bond issue for municipal im
provements the proposition to acquire
Uewey boulevard from the Sutro estate
and -to j complete -the improvement with
the original plan, or a modification there
of as suggested. by the City Engineer.
A. resolution, was adopted 1 , expressly de
claring , that' the terms of the escrow
agreement relative to the deed or convey
ance or Uewey boulevard to the city Dy
Adolph Sutro anhwhicn. is held by 1. \v.
Heiiman : have not been ' compiled with
aria authorized I. W. Hellman "to sur
render the deed held by him in escrow to
the executors of the Sutro estate. The
resolution recites that the city has failed
to Keep its agreement to continue Beventn
avenue from N to L street and to
macadamize the same; also the work ol'
constructing, grading and rnacadamiaing
L)ewey boulevard . tnroughout Its entire
length and width, from seventh avenue
anu N street to Corbett road at its en
trance to the Trocadero has not been
completed within • nve years of the . date
of agreement.
The ordinance requiring owners of car
pet-beating . works, tanneries or i shoddy
mills . to remove before January 1, 190a,
from the limits of the existing district
in which they are allowed to operate was
referred to tne Health Committee.
The ordinance providing regulations for
the temporary occupancy of a public
street was finally passed.
The ordinance ordering the construc
tion of the Sunset main, sewer along H
street from Tenth to Seventh avenue at
a cost of $10,000 was finally passed.
An ordinance transferring from the
School Department to the Board of Trus
tees of the Public Library a school lot
on ¦ Sixteenth and 'Prosper streets, to be
used as a site for a branch library, was
finally, passed.
The Mayor withdrew his veto to the
resolution granting the City Laundry a
permit. to maintain an engine and boiler
In premises situated on Sixteenth and
Dolores streets. The Mayor explained
that the owners would take extra precau
tions to prevent fire and the permit was
granted. - - • •¦ ¦ ..
The ordinance authorizing the Assessor
to appoint thirty additional deputies for
one month was finally passed.
The specifications for furnishing gas to
the city were adopted. , : ' ,'
Carpet-Beating Works Must
Remove t from Exist
. ing Distric
Supervisors Would Pur
chase the Dewey
Boulevard.
Defeats the Bill Ratifying
of
. McComb.
' ''¦¦'.' '" -¦¦¦'"' ;v ;."",;¦ ¦¦ ..-.¦¦¦-
City Engineer to ; Report on
Best Route From Park
to Presidio.
7 The Mayor's veto of the resolution con
firming George S.. McComb's
as Justices' Clerk was sustained by the
Beard" of Supervisors yesterday. The
Mayor, announced that" under the charter
the thirty . days within which the resolu
tion was to be finally acted upon hati ex
pired -and it was incumbent on theboaicl
to ', take immediate action. ' Brandenstein
took the view that the Mayor was ' ex
ceeding his authority., in vetoing the
resolution.| / ; ' "'
"While". I : have upheld your course
throughout the Justices' -clerk scandal,"
said Brandenstein, addressing the Mayor,
"I take it that you have no right to ex
ercise the veto power in this matter. We
derive our authority from, the Code of
Civil Procedure and not from the charter.
Your power In the premises is not derived
from the charter, and I hold that we can
not, consider your veto. Our functions are
imposed by the State law and I make the
point of order that your veto is not prop
erly,.'before.the board because, you have
no power to veto this resolution." i. '
"While I believe, Mr. Brandenstein.
that your action will be of no effect," said
the Mayor, "in view of the fact that the
matter is now in the hands of Judge Sloss
for a decision, I am of the opinion that I
have the power of veto, and therefore I
must rule that your point of order is not
well taken." '. . ;
Brandenstein appealed from the' de
cision, but withdrew his appeal out ! of
courtesy to the Mayor, who then put the
question on whether the resolutiorV should
stand notwithstanding his veto, with the
following result:
Ayes— Alters, Bent, Sooth, < Braunhart,
Comte. Curtis, Eggers. - Payot. Wilson — 0.
. . Noes— Connor, Loughery, . Lynch, _ McClellan
—4. i V -- : "s 1 ..-
Excused— Brandenstein, D'Ancona.
The Board of Public ~- -Works was re
quested to inform the board what portion
of the right of way or lands on the Lobos
Creek property of the Spring Valley Wa
ter Works-is necessary to be acquired by
the city and county for the purpose of
obtaining adirect northerly. entrance into
the Presidio Reservation west of Moun
tain Lake- from the" proposed northerly ex
tension of ; Golden .Gate -Park, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth avenues.
' "The resolution directing the Spring Val
ley-Water Company, to lay a six-Inch
main in Hinckley street, from Dupont to
the County JaH as a precaution against
fire, was referred to the Fire Committee.
EARTHQUAKE -SUFFERERS
:< TO' BE GIVEN-SUPPLIES
Transportation and Distribu
tion of All Donations.
Commercial Men Arrange for Receipt,
.The firm of Castle Brothers received
a cablegram from Louis Hirsch; their
representative in Guatemala, yesterday
stating that great distress prevailed
throughout the section as a result of the
recent ' earthquakes. The people who
have been rendered homeless by the dis
aster are threatened with famine. There
is said to be the greatest necessity for
Immediate supplies- of •¦.ri<Se, beans, flour
and ' potatoes. . -*i\j,..' '. ¦¦ "..'¦'.' ' ,'V
The matter was referred to -the Cham
ber of Commerce, the members of which
at once arranged for the securing" of sup
plies. It is strongly urged that all who
are able shall make contributions' for the
sufferers. The Pacific Steam Navigation
Company, the steamship department of
.Balfour, Guthrie & Co., the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company and tne Kosmos line
will transport whatever is given to its
proper destination.
Thje following named firms will receive
contributions:
Castle Brothers, 200 Davis- street; George
Urioste & Co., Board of Trade Building; George
A Moore & Co., corner of California and Front
streets; Otie McAllister & Co.. corner of Cali
fornia and Davis streets; Swartz Brothers. Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company Building;
Dleckmann & Co., Board of Trade Building;
Haas Brothers, corner of California and Front
streets; W. Loaiza & Co., corner of San.some
and California streets. . .
An Opportunity for Investors
To become interested in the Marconi sys
tem of wireless telegraphy is offered In the
announcement of E. Rollins Morse & Bro.
of New York and Boston inviting sub
scriptions to $1,200,000 of the capital stock
of the Marconi Wireless, Telegraph Com
pany of- America. The capital of this
company is $6,650,000. The company
has no preferred stock and no bonded
debt or other obligations. Of the total
capitalization $500,000 is < retained In the
treasury of the company for future re
quirement/ The subscription price of the
$1 200 000 stock offered to the public is $65
per share, but the right Is reserved to ad
vance the price without notice. Details of
investment requirements will be found in
the company's announcement In another,
column. .' : •¦ ¦.•".'
As is well known, the Marconi system
has been adopted by the British Ad
miralty, by the Italian navy, and nego
tiations are pending with other govern
ments for engagements of a similar bene
ficial character. • These '-¦ contracts have
been made with the English company,
which is already In operation and which
has entered upon a successful career. As
indicating the extent of the service ren
dered by this system, it is stated that one
of the American liners on approaching
this coast recently transmitted- over. 8000
words. The Marconi system has been
adopted by the Lloyds,' and the principal
trans-Atlantic steamship companies are
equipping their vessels with' this -system
as rapidly as possible. '
Preacher Convict's Duplicity.
..'¦ At least three charges -of burglary will
be placed this morning" ' against Joseph
King, jjj the , convict preacher, Thomas
Barker, Harry Hamilton/Annie Barker
and Kittle Nihill...One will be forsteallng
a 1 trunk and contents from the "Women's
Christian Temperance Union building, 132
McAllister. street, on April 21J King called
at the place in the afternoon and kept
Mrs. 1 Bradley,, Mrs.' Pierce and Miss.Shep
pard! In conversation on religious topics
while Barker and Hamilton packed' and
carried away the trunk. The two other
charges', will • be . for breaking' into the
residence of Mro. James Reddington, 1658
Market street, and the rooms of Mrs. A.
S. Murray, 208 Powell street. . .
Taken to Redwood City.
Market Inspector J^L. Rivers, who was
arrested Sunday evening for' assault .to
murder for shooting Samuel Aftergut, the
Colma butcher, was ¦ turned -over'yester
day morning to a deputy Sheriff; of San
Mateo County and taken, to , Redwood
City: An effort was: made by Secretary
Emery of the Board of Health and:;. Dr.
Hassler, chief sanitary Inspector, to de
cure .the release of Rivers, on bail early
yesterday morning, .but Judge Cabanlss
decided that as the - offense was com
mitted -- in San Mateo County he had no
Jurisdiction In; the case.
Examinations for Captains.
The : Civil Service . Commissioners : at
their meeting i: yesterday afternoon'; fixed
the, date- for the examinations of lieuten
ants of police for promotion to captains.
Thursday, .May '15, -and -Friday,: May y 16,'
are the dates selected. , The examinations
will 'be held in the examination 'Chamber
of the City Hall.; There are two vacancies
to be filled,' one caused by .'the retirement
of • Captain Gillin and ¦ the other : by the
promotion of . Captain - Wittman. Those
eligible '-for. the examination are Lieuten
ants .- Anderson, " Birdsall, • ¦ Esola; >; Martin,
Mooney and Price. - V . ;
PLAN ANOTHER
IMPROVEMENT
BOARD SUSTAINS
VETO OF MAYOR
BOARD ACTS ON URGENT MATTERS
The Supreme Court yesterday sustained
the judgment of the lower court granting
to Julia Murphy the sum of $2250 as dam
ages for the death of her son, which oc
curred In the Call Building during the
course of its construction. The Califor
nia Artistic Metal and "Wire Company,'
for which Murphy was working, is held
responsible.
Gets Damages for Death of Son.
Game Law Violator Caught.
Deputy A. F. L»ea of the Fish Commis
sion, arrested Lyon Fraser at Kelseyville.
Lake County, yesterday for spearing
Bteelbead trout. Justice Gunn of Kelsey
ville fined .the offender $20.
Building Will Be Erected on the Cor
ner of Ninth and Market
Streets.
Plans have been prepared for a mag
nificent theater to be erected on the cor
ner of Ninth and Market streets. The
theater will be named after and managed
by the well known theatrical man, Alfred
Bouvier.
The building will be erected on the
property of -the William Ede Company.
Speck & Co. negotiated the deal.
The theater is expected to be completed
by the first of next year. The building
will be constructed on lines similar to
the Empire Theater of New York.
ALFRED BOTJVIER WILL
OWN A NEW THEATER
O'Brien says that he will never run
afoul of an internal revenue officer again.
The' social club of which O'Brien is
president and Al Neill treasurer has been
giving weekly soirees In the Temple at
117 Turk street and • neglected to pay the
revenue tax for the privilege of the bar.
When Internal Revenue Agent Burt M.
Thomas called upon O'Brien for the tax
O'Brien refused to pay. and said that the
club ' was composed of young working
men and they could not afford to pay the
tax. He therefore flatly refused to pay
and was placed under arrest Much to
his surprise and indignation he found
that his political pull could not "square"
the case with Uncle Sam, and he realizes
that the Federal building and the City
Hall are altogether different institutions
J. H. O'Brien, president of the West
End Social Club, appeared yesterday in
the United States internal revenue office
and meekly paid the retail liquor and
cigar license tax, together with 50 per
cent penalty and the costs of court. The
case against him was accordingly dis
missed.
quor License Tax and Costs
and Penalty.
Dancing Pugilist Forced to Pay Li-
JIM O'BRIEN'S teUIX NOT
GOOD WITH UNCXE SAM
Among the ladies who assisted in mak
ing the County Meath booth entertain
ment a success were: Mrs. A. S. Mulvey
and daughter. Miss M. Mulvey, Miss Nel
lie Mulvey, Miss Maud Pettee, Miss Alice
Hoyt, Miss M. Flynn, Miss B. Callahan
Mrs. Mary McGuire, Mrs. A. Crawford
and Mrs. Mary McCue.
A delightful entertainment in aid of the
Meath booth was given last night at the
residence of Mrs. A. S. Mulvey, 1112 Lar
kin street. The ladies who have charge
of this booth arje working incessantly to
make their part of the Irish Fair worthy
of the famed hospitality of County Meath.
If they sustain their part in the fair as
pleasantly as they did last night they
will certainly succeed. The programme
consisted of vocal and instrumental mu
sic, after which refreshments were
served.
Both sides of the Pavilion are to be
lined with representations of castles,
towers and churches. Not a bit of the in
side of the Pavilion will be visible. In the
castles and towers, which will be used us
booths, will be displayed all manner of
pretty and interesting articles. Each
county of Ireland will De allowed a booth
for the display of its resources. The peo
ple of the various counties are making
great arrangements for tbe festival, and
for months past have been raising money
with which to provide their exhibit. Prob
ably not in many years have the Irish
people taken such interest in a fiesta as
they are displaying in the approaching
Irish Fair.
From the work already accomplished,
the fair promises to eclipse anything of
its kind ever gfven in this State. The St%
Lawrence Gate, through which the people
will enter. Is already in place. It stands
directly in front of the main doors of the
Pavilion, and by itself presents a very
suggestive picture. At night, when the
lights are burning, one can almost be de
ceived into believing that the gate with
huge towers on either side is as real as
was its famous original in the days of
chivalry.
The interior of Mechanics' Pavilion,
where preparations for the Irish Fair are
being rushed to completion, presents a
very animated seene. The great festival
is to be opened on Mayday, and before
that time a great amount of work must
be done. It is not the work of a day to
construct miniature castles and towers in
the likeness of the historical ruins of Ire
land. But the work is rapidly progress
ing, and when the hour comes to open the
great fair all the decorations and all the
exhibits will be in place and Mechanics'
Pavilion will present a scene that will not
soon be forgotten.
. Topic No. 6 — "Should engineering practice be
regulated by a code of ethics? I* eo, how can
euch a code be established?"
Topic No. 5 — "Should the national Govern
ment undertake the construction and operation
of Irrlsation works?"
Topic No. 4 — "In view of the numerous dis
asters caused by the contracting of channels
or the damming of small streams, should non
navigable streams be under the control of the
national Government?"
Topic No. 3 — "Is steel suFceptible of being
made as permanent a building material as rna
eonry?"
Topic No. 2 — "Is it possible and desirable to
keej) accounts of work in progress in such a
manner a« to ascertain unit costs on each
class of work?"
. Topic No. I— 4 'In contract work, either pub
lic or private, is It preferable to make separate
contracts for the different branches of trades
involved, or to combine all under bne general
contract?"
The following topics have been selected
for discussion ' by the publication com
mittee and will be taken up in the order
given: • ,
TOPICS FOR DISCUSSION.
Local -committee — George W. Melville (chair
man). John Blddle. William M. Black, D. S.
Carll, Bernard R. Green, C. B. Hunt. D. E.
McCornb, Alexander Mackenzie, Alexander M.
Miller, H. M. Wilson. '
Cimrnittees of arransremer.t : Of the Tward of
direction — Moraecai T. Endicott (chairman),
George H. Pesram. Charles Warren Hunt.
William M. Clack, on district government;
D. E. McComb, on eewers; Colonel Merrill, on
¦water supply; Bernard R. Green, on Washing
ton monument and Library' buildlnc; V. S.
Carll, on electric railway system; Charles
Moore, on proposed park improvements.
The following committees have the con
vention in charge:
PROGRAMME OF MEETINGS.
AH the meetings of the society will be
held in the new Willard Hotel, Washing
ton, D. C. The first meeting will be on
Tuesday morning. May 20, and will in
clude addresses of welcome and the pre
sentation of the annual address by the
president of the society. On the same
evening illustrated talks descriptive of
engineering work will be given by the
following named members of the society:
A- J. Bowie, G. L. Dillman, "W. R. Eckert,
"W. C. Kdes, H. 1}. Gates, \V. D. Gelette,
C. E. Grunsky. V. H. Hall. D. C. Henney,
\V. H. Heuer. W. Hood. J. D. Isaacs. U. B.
Kellorg, M. ilanson, D. E. Melliss. G. H.
Mendel, F. J. H. liickson. A. S. Riffle. F.
Riffle, E. A. Rix. E. K. SmooU O. von Geld
«ra. J. H. Wallace.
The first president of the-BOciety was
James Laurie, who held office from 1S52,
the year of its organization, until 1S67.
The local members, a number of whom
will attend the convention, are:
President, Robert Moore: vice presidents —
Henry S. Hayne, Georse H. Benzenberg, C. C.
bchneider. J. R. Freemau; secretary. C. W.
Hunt; treasurer, J. M. Knap.
The local members of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers are preparing to
send representatives to the thirty-fourth
annual convention of the organization,
which meets in Washington. D. C:, on
May 20, 1302, continuing for four days. It
Is expected that nearly one thousand
delegates will be present from all parts
of the world. The organization numbers
2534 members, of which 1512 are regular
members, ten honorary, two correspond
ing, 623 associate members, 112 associates,
255 juniors; fellows, not members, thirty
four. The present officers of the society
are:
American Society-Con
venes in the City of
Washington.
Mechanics' Pavilion Is
Being Decorated for
the Festival.
MAKING READY
FOH IRISH FAIR
CIVIL ENGINEERS
TO MEET IN IAY
Frank B.-Westcott writes .from the
State of "Ohio and states that -he: was
given a decree' of divorce from Ella M.
Westcott,' who : recently • married " Robert
F. Hancock, the well-known i athlete. He
proves by a certified copy- of the journal
entry that he was accorded a; divorce \ by
reason: of her default . ".';',
Westcott Secured Divorce.
Albert Kingsbury was tried before
Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of bat
tery, upon William Kingsbury, his aged
father, at the family residence, ¦ 1231' Bush
street, last Friday. The defendant and
his sister testified that- their father -, was
abusing their mother wbeiFthe, defendant
interfered to protect her.y The, defendant
did not ¦ strike . the old : man, 'who fell
against the rocker of a chair and cut his
ear. The Judge dismissed the case.
Did Not Strike His. Father.
Parties desiring to visit the Bakersfield Street
Fair and Carnival can secure tickets ¦ at one
fare for the round trip. ' These tickets will be
on sale at the Santa Fe office, 641- Market St.,
for all trains May 7. good to return until May
li. ; : ' .- : . >< ¦ : .¦•- ¦ ¦-• ¦
Bakersfield Excursion.
The presidents of ¦ the various . commer
cial bodies met at the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday afternoon for the.pur T
pose of discussing arrangements, for the
banquet to be tendered to President Har
riman of the Southern Pacific at the Pal
ace Hotel to-morrow night. Owing to the
fact that not all the replies from* those
invited to speak have been received, It
was found necessary to postpone the
completion of the programme^until this
afternoon. . -— .. ,
Discuss Plans for Banquet.
A very interesting ceremony will take
place In St. Dominic's Church, Bush and
Stelner streets, 1 on Thursday evening.
May 1, when the Very Rev. Father Pius
Murphy, O. P., superior of the Domini
cans, will solemnly unveil and bless a
recently imported and beautiful statuary,
group known as the Pieta, or Mother of
Sorrows. This group is an exact copy of
a famous • image in Lourdes, France.
Father. Murphy will deliver the address
on the occasion. Special music will be
rendered. Benediction will close the ex-'
ercises. • "
Unveil Statuary Group Known
as 'the Pieta."
Very Rev. Father Pius Murphy to
SOLEMN CEREMONY AT
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH
The South San Francisco Drill Corps,
composed of members of South San Fran
cisco PaTlor No. 157, Native Sons of the
Golden West, will hold its annual picnic
and excursion at Sunset Park, in the San
ta Cruz Mountains, next Sunday. The af
fair promises to be a most enjoyable out
ing. The arrangements of the entertain
ment are in the hands of the following
named: M. H. Squires, chairman; D.
Harrington, G. Richards, Nat Hallinan,
F. J. Coyle, C. Brunig and John O'Brien.
Tickets may be obtained from members
or at the ferry on the morning of the
excursion. .
Friends to Enjoy Day in Santa
Cruz Mountains.
Popular Organization With Its
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
DRILL CORPS TO PICNIC
Flaherty is accused of the murder of
Frederick H. Roller in William Umlarid's
saloon, 311 Franklin street, on the night
of January 27. Flaherty's wife claimed
that she lost her dog in the saloon and
Flaherty went there demanding the dog.
He was told that the animal was not
there and he pulled out a revolver and
threatened to shoot. Roller attempted to
take the weapon from him and was fa
tally shot. Flaherty, on leaving, fired a
shot at Umland, but the bullet missed its
mark.
The impaneling of a jury to try the
case of Thomas Flaherty on the charge
of murder was commenced before Judge
Cook yesterday. When court adjourned
for the day seven jurors had been chosen.
Their names are: T. Frahm, S. P. Rdb
bins, James Gorle, Andrew Jackson-
George Lake, Henry Harms and I. M.
Merrill.
der of Frederick H. Roller
Last January.
Defendant Is Charged With the Mur-
IMPANELING A JURY
FOR FLAHEETY'S TRIAL
A communication was received from
Rev. F. A. Doane, pastor of the Mizpah
Presbyterian Church, favoring the con
struction of a modern city hospital.
The petition of property owners that
Duncan street be extended from San Jose
avenue to Valencia street and Tiffany
avenue was referred to the Finance Com
mittee. The petitioners' state that the
owners of the land necessary for the ex
tension have agreed to sell it to the city,
and the property owners in the vicinity
of the proposed opening have agreed to
pay for all street work so the extension
may be accepted by the city. •
The petition of property owners for the
repavlng of Hayes street, from Franklin,
to Laguna, was referred to the Finance
Committee. ¦,
The Merchants' Association submitted
a proposed ordinance requiring the- use of
grooved girder rails in all future street
railway construction within a prescribed
district. The ordinance also provides that
whenever any track already laid shall be
taken up for a distance of one block or.
more it shall be replaced by grooved
girder, rails under the supervision of tne
Board of Works.
The resolution calls attention to the
City Attorney's opinion that the roadbed
ana subway of the Geary-street Railroad
will, at the expiration of the franchise,
on November 6, 1903, be at tfie disposition
of the municipality, and that the Super
visors can proceed to issue bonds and ap
ply the moneys derived therefrom to the
purchase of rolling stock and necessary
equipment and in the construction of a
power house and of such work as may be
required, other than the actual recon
struction of the existing roadbed on
Geary street and Point -Lobos avenue, be
fore the time of expiration of the present
franchise.
Commencing, at Fulton street on Tenth ave
nue, thence along Tenth avenue to Point Lodos
avenue, thence along Point Lobos avenue to
Geary street, thence along- Geary street to Mar
ket street, and thence along Market street to
the ferry depot, or, . • ¦ '
Commencing at Fulton street on Tenth ave
nue, thence along Tenth avenue to Point Lobos
avenue, thence along Point Lobos avenue, to
Geary street, thence along Geary street to
Grant avenue, thence | along Grant avenue to
Bush street, thence along Bush street to Kear
ny street, thence along Kearny street to Pine
etreet, thence along Pine street to Market
street, and thence along Market street to the
ferry depot.
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday directing the Board
of Public Works, through the City Engi
neer, to prepare plans and estimates of
the cost of the original " construction or
reconstruction- and completion of ; the
Geary-street Railroad as a muicipal elec
tric road, with underground power, flat
rails and the most improved electrical
apparatus and Equipment. The route of
the proposed road to be either of the fol
lowing: . . v
Use of Grooved Girder
Bails.
Propose Ordinance Requr ing
Supervisors Order Esti
mate for Its Recon
struction.
CITY WOULD OWN
IHE GEARY ROAD
THE SAN FKAIS CISCO GALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1902.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLATES AT COST!
Free dental clinic .tor' the .poor.
Graduates only. Extractions free.
Open Sundays and evenings. - :
post-graduate "dental college,
3 Taylor at., cor.. Golden Gate ave.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COi
- . LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO- AND NORN PACIFIC
: RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tilinron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
san Francisco to saw rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:3».
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip* at
1:50 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAY6— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. 0:20 v. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:10. 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. ra. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a- m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I '• I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and'Uktah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 :30am ; 10:40am 10:25am
¦ ' 8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3 :30pm 5:00pm w ¦ 6:20pm
7:30am 8 :00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
6:10pm B :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am|10 :25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville tor Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for- the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Helghis, HullvlUe, Orr 1 ! Hot Springs,
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Willlts. Laytonville, Cummins, Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia, and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays < round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket off.ee. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. .
H. C. WHITING. y ~ R. X. RYAN, •
Gen. Manager. i Gen. Pass. Agt-
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. •
; I Local I Llm'd lOvrl'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
• : Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
••Hanford: 3:12p 3:27 p 8:05 a
•' Vlsalla..i 3:39p '..- 5:00a .......
•• BakersndJ.6:15p 5:20 p 7:45a:......
• "Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30a.......
'"Chicago. 2:15p 9:00 p
- a for . morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace • Sleeping Can and
1 Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cbatr Car
runs to Bakersfleld .for accommodation of
local ' flrst-class - passengers. No i second-
| class tickets are honored on this train. Cor- '
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m, dally
4:20 p. ra. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. , .
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, •with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
' Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago;, also
Palace Sleeper, which . cuts out at Fresno.
s Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 d m
daily.
. 7:20 a. m. ia Bakersfleld Local stopping
, at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San . Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland.____ *.-¦•-'-¦ ,
nOUNT TAM ALPAIS RAILWAY
¦¦ Leave . Via Sausalito Ferry t Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
::::.:::: lisov: - mm of munr s-to l m ::::::r
:. 2:3Qy. .O*"*"""/""-**. 8:15 f. .....
• • MTUUTSnLT-L W .T mn t,3o r . KI i TC 8 U r nM t M >UAr.
. ruu% oa»m, m hauii iTBjrr »«d ¦apsauto ro*T. »
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AJVEBTISEMENTS. ._ w
Mrs. D. Arnold, President German
Woman's Club, Grand Pacific Hotel, Los
Angeles, Gal., Relieved of a Tumor by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
« Dear Mrs. Pinkham : —I suffered four years ago with a tumor
in'my womb, and the doctors declared I must go to the hospital and un-
dergo an operation, which I dreaded very much and hesitated to submit.
"My husband consulted an old friend who had studied medicine,
although he was not a practising physician, and he said he believed
that Lydia E. Pinkiam's Vegetable Compound would cure
me.' That same day I took my first dose, and I kept it up faithfully
until twelve bottles had been used, and not only did the tumor dis-
appear, but my general health was very much improved and I had
not felt so well since I was a young woman.
"As I have suffered no relapse since, and as I took no. other med-
icine, I am sure that your Compound restored my health and I believe
saved my life." — Mrs. D. Arnold.
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE IiETTEK IS NOT GENUINE.
"When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhcea, displacement or ulceration of the
womb, that bearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovanes, backache,
bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous pros-
tration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, f aintness, lassitude,
excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy, "all-
gone," and "want-to-be-left-alone" feelings, blues, and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you np*^ t^ n best. A r .l .*'
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
' Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Mala Line. Toot of Market Street )
liati — F»om Apbii. 2a 1902. — abmtb
7.00a Benlcla, Suliua, Blmlra and 8acra-
memo 6-5&>
7.00a Vacavllle. Winters. Rumsey... 7-6o>
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Naps, Callitogs, Santa Boo*. 6-25f
•-00a Davla.Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarygTllle, Orovllle 7-55P
8.00a Atlantic Express— Orlen snd East. 8.25a
8.00a >"tles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25P
8.00a Nllea. Mendota, Hanford. Ylsalla.
PorterrlUe 4 55*
8.30a Shaata Express — Davit. Williams
(for Bartlett Pprlngs), Willow*,
Bed Bluff, Portland 7-S5P
8.30a Ban Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, FlacerrlUe,
MnrjavUle, Chlco. Red Bluff 4.25?
8.30a Oakdale,Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.23P
8.00a Vallelo 12.2S*
9-COa Loa Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton, Merced.
Kaymond.Fresno and Los Angeles 825a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55P
t10.00A Hayward, Nllea and Way Stations. t12.65r
10.00a The Orerlasd Limited — Ofsden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 6-25r
ti.OOi" Sacramento River Steamers. tii.OO?
3.00p Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knigrhta Landing,
MarysTlllB, Orovllle 10.55a
3-30p Hay-ward, Klles and Way Stations.. 7.55?
4.00r llartlnez.San Ramon. ValleJo,Kapa,
Calintoga. Santa Rosa 925a
4.00r Xlles, LhrermoTe, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25P
4.30P Hayward.Mles.SanJoge.Llvermore T855*
4-30F Tbe Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulnre,
Bakersfleld, Sangus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.65a
E-OQr PortCosta.Tracx.Lachrop.Stockton ,10.25a
6-COp Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25p
t5.30y Niles Local 725a
6- OOp Bayward, Klles and Saa Jose 7.65a
tfi.OOp Vallejo 11.25a
6. OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Cnlcago 4-25*
7.00P San Pablo, Port Costa, ilartlnex
and Way Stations. 11.25a
t7.00r Vallejo 765p
8 05p Oregon ft California Express— Sao-
ramento, Maryarllle, Redding.
Portland, Paget Sound and East. 8-55 a
t9.tOr Hay ward and N lies tl1.65A
COAST LINE Oarrow 6*age).
¦ (foot of Market Street.)
t7.45A Santa Cruz Excursion 18. OS*
8.15a Newark. Centervllle, San Jose,
Felton. Bonlder Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6 50»
t2-15r Newark, Center vl lie, San Jose,
Kew Almaden,' Felton, Boulder
Creek, Santa Crux and Principal
Way Stations «. 10.50a
4-1 5p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos.. . .-. . . t8- 50 *
M.15p San Jose, Los Gatos, Santa Cms... c8-50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. fSllp 8>
— t7:13 »:00 11:00 AJf. 1.00 300 6-15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:0O S8:0»
t3:05 10:00 a .31. 1200 200 4.00 P.*.
COAST LI N E <BrMd eaage).
(Third and Townaend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations......... 8. 40a
t7C0i San Jose and Way Stations t8.00*
7.00a Sew Al-naden /4-IOp
. 17.15a Monterey Excursion J8.30P
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
. Gtlroy, Salinas, Saa Luis Oblspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 1045?
8.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedia .
ate Stations . ........ ............' 4-10p
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9-48a
a1.30r San Jose and Way Stations......... o7.0Qy
t245p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose.
Tres Plnos, SanU Cms, Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey aad Pacific
GrOTe... flO.45*
3.30p San Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grore,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations . . . . 7. 30?
t4.15P San Jose and PrinclpalWayStatlons 6.30P
15-OOp San Jose. Loa Gatos and Principal
_,«_ WaySwtlons t900A
5-30P San Jose and PrlnclpalWay Stations ¦ 8-30p
6-30p 8an Jose and Way Stations.. 7.30p
7.00p Kew Orleans Express — San Luis
ObUpo, SanU Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlng, El Puo, Kew
Orleans and East. 1Q-30a
.•1 1 .4B> Saa Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. ¦ P for Afternoon.
t Sunday exceptcd. t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. - c Monday only.
» Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
a jojlav onlr.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via. Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing; April 27. 1902.
FROM SAN I FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLjET
'AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, »7:«, 8:45. 9:30. 11:00
a. m., 12:20, «1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, »«:15
8:45. 9:45. 11:45 p. ra. 7:45 a. m. does sot
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. *9:00. »10:00, 11:00.
11:30 a. m., 12:30, «l:30. 2:30, «3U5, 5:00, 6:00
7:30. 9:45. 11:45 v. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. ««:20. 7:40. 8:15. *9:3U.
11:00 a. m., 12:23. 2:15, »3:30. 4:40, 5:30, 6:43!
10:15 p. m. A '
SUNDAYS— 6:00, *8:00,'9:30, «1I:00 a. m.
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:15. »5:45. 6:43!
7:30. 10:15 v- ra.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40- 7:45 8:25 9-43*
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 5:l6. 5:20l 7 : 10*
10:15 d. m. > • '*"•
SUNDAYS— 6:30,-7:55. 10:06. 11:10 a m
12:15, 1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. .6:05. 7:15. 10-40
p. m. -¦ iTifia tinsi^nfa
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero aad wa?
stations. ' . ¦ .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero aad wit
stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way
stations. .
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday . tirne. .
y^K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A«^3 612O KEABSY ST. Established
Bnran 1 " 1S34 for the treatment of Prlvata
laJ-ft jgjg Dl-w«ses. r^^t Mauuood. Debllltv or
tBnagj^KAdim>ast> weariniron hody and mind anit
SJClVrr?vi>l 8>cln Diseiises. The Doctorcureswhf n
s2SKssNs9O otners '*"• Tf y nim. Crharf *s low.
£*g2&mmBi*'nr*n K wmrnnt+*4. Call or write.
*>*• <*• >*• «IBBOS, san Francisco. Cai.
Established I823.
JAKE JOSEPH. Representative, 300 Battery Street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
ccntuwr 1 »c« n thi raocrcn a vuu eo. ei« ci«»t i.
HOW TO ECONOMIZE.
f* |0ME men economize so closely on the
number of words in a telegram that the
receiver can not understand it. This is not
i I sensible economy. Neither is it sensible
economy to ruin garments of value with cheap
soap or powerful chemicals that eat into the fabric
True economy uses Ivory Soap in the laundry.
I It is the most of pure soap that can be sold for the
I money. Chemically it is as innocent as water. Yet
it does everything you can ask of a soap. Try it I
is always
pure
Brewed in a plant "as clean
as" tHe cleanest home . kitchen
~ alway s opela , to your, inspect
tion- -58 ,97 1 visitors last year.MATRON OF THE DESTROYED INSTITUTION WHO PROVED HERSELF A
I HEROINE, TWO INMATES WHO WERE FEARFULLY BURNED, AND
VIEWS TAKEN AFTER FIREMEN EXTINGUISHED THE FLAMES.
LONDON.. April 28. — The Rev. Joseph Par
ker, Minister of tbe City Temple, la •ertoualy
ill. '¦'•¦.-• . !" . '
STOCKTON, April 28.— Michael Caricoff.
who came to California In 1849. finally set
tling on a farm eight miles east of Stock
ton, passed away at his home yesterday
morning, at the age of 74 years.
Michael Caricoff.
KANSAS CITY, April 23.— General
Frank D. Askew, who served through the
Civil War with an Ohio regiment and
who was brevetted brigadier general for
gallant service, died at his home here to
day, aged 65 years.
General Frank D. Aske-w.
"WASHINGTON. April 78.— Sol Smith
Russell, the actor, died at the Richmond
Hotel In this city at 2:10 o'clock this aft
ernoon of perpetual hiccough. Russell
had been ill for some time from this mal
ady, but for the past two days the dis
ease took a serious turn and since early
morning- the end had been hourly ex
pected. Those present at the bedside of
the veteran actor were Mrs. Russell, Miss
Alice Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick S.
Berger and Edward I. Rosenfeld. Rus
sell was 54 years old. The deceased will
be burled in Rock Creek Cemetery, near
this city.
The funeral service will .take place
Wednesday afternoon from the residence
of F. S, Berger, a btother-ln-law of Rus
sell, to whose home the remains will be
removed from the hotel to-morrow.
t Russell leaves a wife and two children.
Miss Alice Russell and Robert E. Russell
of Minneapolis.
Russell's death followed an illness of
more than two years. While his condi
tion was so serious as to prevent the con
tinuance of his work on the stage, it waa
not until last Thursday that the end was
seen to be near, and his friends and rela
tives gave up hope. On Thursday? morn
ing he was able to go out for a short
time, and as usual during good weather
was wheeled about the park In his chair.
His figure had been a familiar one at the
local theaters during his Illness, partic
ularly at the matinee performances. He
seemed to take especial pleasure in wit
nessing the work of Joseph Jefferson, for
whom he had a great friendship; Stuart
Robson. Nat Goodwin and^WlllIam H.
Crane. He was usually wheeled to and
from the theaters in a chair. He was
considered one of the wealthtlest actor*
on the American stage, his real estate
holdings including many properties in
Minneapolis. The total value of his e3
tate is said to be more than $2,000,000.
PASADENA, April 28.— Mrs. Martha
Coulter of 256 Burton court was trampled
under a horse's hoofs yesterday, and died
last night. Mrs. Coulter's horse Is a
genlte animal, and had never caused any
trouble; but as Mrs. Coulter was getting
into her buggy she caught her foot In
the reins, causing the horse to lurch
back suddenly. Mrs. Coulter fell under
Its heels, and the animal, becoming bad
ly frightened, plunged about, stepping
repeatedly on the woman's chest. Mrs.
Coulter was a native of Pennsylvania, 59
years of age, and had lived here for three
years. She leaves two daughters.
Trampled to Death by a Horse.
The Japanese continued their excava
tion and soon unearthed a skull, which
measured four feet across at the line of
the eye-sockets. The upper Jaw waa al
most intact, but the teeth were missing.
Seven vertebrae, each a foot in diam
eter, were discovered, together with a
shoulder blade two feet broad and six
ribs six feet long 1 . A piece of the bone of
one of the legs was also found. Further
search will be made for more of the
bones.
STOCKTON, April 28.— Bones supposed
to be those of a mastodon or mammoth
have been found by Japanese at work on
Union Island. The workmen came upon
what they supposed to be the root of a
tree, projecting a couple of feet above the
ground,' and started to dig it out with
shovels. The supposed root proved to be
a broken fragment of a tusk. It was
eight and a half feet long and thirteen
Inches In diameter at the thicker end.
Portions of a Monster
Skeleton.
BONES OP A MASTODON
: FOUND ON UNION ISLAND
Gang of Japanese Laborers Bigs Up
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OGDEN, April 28.— Work on the new
building for the California exhibit in Og
den started to-day. The building will ad-
Join the Union Pacific repair office on th»
south end, and -wiU be about fifty feet
north 'of the Union depot. The buildins
¦will be of the pagoda style of architec
ture, after plans drawn by Architect
George Graves. It will be 24 by 2S feet,
with twelve-foot celling, and will consist
of one large exhibition room, and an of
fice. The building will be erected by Con
tractor Armistead, and it Is expected will
be completed in ten days. J. J. Donalle
arrived In Ogden from Sacramento last
evening and will have charge of the ex
hibit here, and will meet all colonists at
this - point and endeavor to divert the
tide of settlers to California. Donalle is
under contract for one year with the Sac
ramento Chamber of Commerce for this
purpose, and he will remain here. H. C.
French, who established the exhibit here
and who is at the the head of. this move
ment to advertise California, will not be
here until about the middle of May.
Donalle claims he will have one of the
best exhibits ever seen here. The exhibit
room will be beautifully fixed up with
plants and palms. The exhibit will arrive
in a few days and will be ready to be
placed In the building as soon as the lat
ter Is finished.
Structure Is Expected to Be
Completed Within Next
Ten Daya
Work Is Started on the
California Building
at Ogden.
STATE EXHIBIT
FOR COLONISTS
WASHINGTON. April 28.— After a brief
discussion . to-day the Senate " agreed to
the House amendments to > the oleomar
garine bill,: as passed by the Senate. .The
measure now goes to the President for his
signature. - . An .; effort .was made by . Tel
ler of Colorado to amend the measure so
as to levy a tax .of 10- per cent of the
capital or assets on any butter trust that
nught > be formed, bat itiwas defeated. :
Bad Butter Bill Is Completed.
OAKLAND, April 28.— Licenses to mar
ry were Issued to-day to Andrew M. An
derson, aged SL and Thllda" Anderson, 31,
both of San Francisco; Frank E..Vargus,
24, and Annie* A. Rose, 20, both of New
ark; George W. , Kelly, 21 and ''over, > and
Annie E. Hackett, over 18, both . of ¦ AJa
meda; Horace D. Gates, 2L San • Fran
cisco, and Grace Birdsall, IS, ,' Berkeley;
Frank 6. -Ward, ' 26. and Josephine S.
Rblpb, 19, both of San Francisco; -Albert
Ctrmelo, 2L and Mary Baron, 18, both of
fian Francisco. »
Licensed to Marry.
SAN RAFAEL, April 28.— The will of
the v- late :: Miss ;N. Malllard, one of the
largest land-owners In M&rln '> County,
who died ; several weeks ago, - h£rfc been
filed t for probate. With - the exception of
$1000 which she wills to her godson,,Har
old F. Gray, Miss Maillard leaves her en
tire' estate in trust, the income to be
equally divided between her sisters and
brothers, . residents ; of San ; Francisco. A
request was made in «the will that ' no
ono put on moruning for the deceased.
Miss Maillard's Will.
NEW YORK. April 28.— The New York
Commandery Naval and Military. Order of
the Spanish-American War held its
fourth annual meeting to-night at Del
monico's, J. W. Clous, U. S. A., presid
ing. President Roosevelt was re-elected
commander of the Commandery.- He sent
a message in which he said he regretted
be could not . be present in person, ex
pressed his best wishes for the welfare of
the organization and assured the mem
bers that they might rely upon him to do
anything in his power to help it along.
President Re-elected Commander.
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The Presi
dent has signed the legislative bill. Under
Its provisions the 1000 or more clerks who
were temporarily appointed during the
war with Spain are given permanent em
ployment and placed within the opera
tions of the civil service law.
President Signs Legislative Bill.
BAKERSFIELD, April 28.— C. A. Phelps
to-day filed suit in the Superior Court
against the West Shore Oil Company for
the recovery of a one-eighth Interest in
the Dewey No. 1 placer mining claim,
which Is worth $150,000 in the aggregate.
Phelps claims to have been one of the
original locators, but says that owing to
the. fact that he was a minor his owner
ship, was not acknowledged. Some months
ago Phelps, who had a similar suit
against the Reed Crude Oil Company
compromised for 30,000 shares of the
company's stock, which was at that time
valued at $15,000. /
"Want Share of Oil Claim.
SANTA CRUZ. April 23.— Joseph Te
chara, who murdered Garrett D. Loucka
on the night of March 14, 1900, was sen
tenced this morning by Judge Conley of
Madera to ninety years in San Quentln.
A motion for a new trial was denied.
Ninety Years for Murder.
WHATCOM. Wash.. April 25.— At Dem
ing, this county. Fred Conrad, a cook,
shot and killed Joseph Black, a logger,
this morning. Conrad claims that Black
had been, paying marked attention to
Mrs. Conrad. Black armed himself with
a rifle and was walking toward Conrad's
house when Conrad seized a rifle and
ehot him through the right lung, death
resulting instantly.
Takes Life of 'His Rival.
former husband brought against" her pres
ent husband In San Francisco until she
arrived here to-day. She appeared to be
amused and said: "I married ¦ Lyons
when'I was only 16 years of age. I lived
with him, twelve years and practically" had
to make a living for us both all the time.
I was forced to leave him and . he has
sought in every possible way to make my
life miserable since. He has written me
repeatedly asking me for sums of money.
He has also written Mr. Crellin. Once he
wanted- $500 and another -time $600, and
sometimes he failed to state the amount,
but just wanted money. He also wrote
Mr. Crellln ; that unless he gave him a sum
of money he would publish the history of
his life and disgrace every one with whom
his name was connected.* His implication
waa that he would disgrace Mr. Crellin
and myself. : I have only been married to
Mr. Crellin eighteen months. When I
left Lyons I did not know that Mr. Crel
lin existed. How Mr. Crellin could have
alienated my affections during the time
I lived with Lyons is a mystery.. Lyons
did , not place much of a price on my
affections while we were living -. together.
Mr, Crellin can afford to give Lyons what
he desires if he . cares to, and I suppose
Lyons needs the money."
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 28.— Camlllo
d' Arvllle had not heard of the suit her
Been Trying to Make Her Life
Miserable.
Camille. d'Arville Says Plaintiff Has
SUIT BROUGHT BY LYONS
AMUSES HI9 FORMER WIFE
CHICAGO, April 28.— The American
Newspapers' Association,- embracing a
large majority of the leading newspapers
of the country, has executed agreements
for industrial arbitration with the Inter
national Typographical Union and the In
ternational Printing Pressmen's and As
sistants' unions, to continue In force for
a period of five years from May 1, 1902.
All the mechanical departments of the of
fices are thus covered. The agreements
are confine^ to the members of the asso
ciation and the chief advantage is that
industrial peace is secured, not only for
the term of any local contract, but 'also
for the period between the termination
of an old contract and the formation of
a new one. •
Industrial Peace Is Secured.
SAN JOSE. April 28.— Three San Fran
cisco boys, from 13 to 15 years of age,
who ran away from home, are being held
at the City Prison pending the arrival of
their parents to take them back. They
are Percy Sims of 1208 Mission street,
Percy Mullen of 110 McAllister street, and
Richard Henderson of 311 Turk street.
The boys were arrested at the broad
gauge depot this morning, where they
had slept in a box car.
Runaway Boys in Prison.
•Patient Bray was removed ¦ to the • Re
ceiving: 3 Hospital with; Murray, ;. who had
Then came the ambulances from the
East Bay Sanitarium and Fabiola Hos
pital, v the? doors', of which were thrown
open,: Many, of the burned-out patients
were taken to these institutions. , ¦. ,
¦ ; Before': the fire -was well under 'way
messages were sent for doctors. 'A dozen
responded, among them 'being, Dr., J.' P.
Dunn, Dr. D. D. Crowley, Dr. A. Fine,
Dr. O. D. Hamlin, Dr. Boyes, Dr. Her
rick and Dr. John Fearn. _ . :
PATIENTS ARE RESCUED.' >
, The -work of, rescuing the patients was
quickly and ¦ efficiently conducted. I . One
by one those unable to move were taken
out of the. blazing structure. As they
were brought into the yards scores of the
neighbors, members of the Lakeside fash,
lonable district, vied with the. attendants
and the firemen in getting the feeble and
superannuated men and women to places
of- shelter.
" Among the helpers at the scene were
Mrs. Frank Brigham, Miss Mollie Con
nors, Mrs. A.-.D. Thompson, Mrs. Remi
Chabot/Mrs. Henry Dieckman, • Mrs. E.
B. Beck and Mrs. T. P..Hogan, all of
whom opened their homes to receive the
sufferers. Mrs. Brigham took charge of
Freddy Kirchoff er, 3 . years ; of • age, *, tho
baby inmate of the home.:- ¦
In the wing which was burned : there
were twenty-five patients, men and wom
en, and nearly all of them, were either In
the wards or in the hallways when the
fire broke out. Only a few minutes before
Mrs. Winden, a nurse, saw the smoke and
flames Dr. T. A. Williams, the attending
physician of the home, had been. in Pa
tient Bray's room, which was on the low
er floor of the two-story frame and brick
north wing. At that time the old man
was quiet. The doctor thinks the pa
tient was seized with a fit of epilepsy and
fell upon the lighted oil stove. When Miss
Jones broke through the wall of smoke
the fire was under such headway that the
second-story floor was ablaze. Bray's
body could hardly be seen through the
black, suffocating smoke. But the heroic
woman rushed through, got the helpless,
unconscious form in her arms and
dragged her burden to a place of safety.
Meanwhile the whole force of attend
ants had been alarmed. Miss Lena Smith,
an assistant in the dining-room, seized
the fire alarm box key and rushed to the
box at Twelfth and Madison streets.- i
The disaster threatened the , lives of
twcv-score helpless Inmates of the institu
tion, who were Baved only by the heroic,
cool-headed efforts of Miss Jones and the
women nurses and helpers of the home.
To them, as well as to the efficient ser
vices of the Fire Department, under Chief
Engineer N. A. Ball, is due the salvation
of many lives and the main building.
ters' Home for Incurables, Elev
enth and Oak streets, caused a fire at
11:30 o'clock this morning that destroyed
the north wing of the structure, fatally
Injured Bray, severely burned John H.
Murray, another patient; scorched Wil
liam Williams, a nurse, and nearly suf T
focated Miss M. A. Jones, the matron,
who dragged Bray out of the smoke and
flames at peril of her life.
r/> r^v AKLAND, April 28.— The upsetting
•7 \\ of a coal oil stove by William
(I II Bray, an epileptic patient at the
Alameda County King's Daugh-
ARRIVED.
Monday. April 2S.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, hours
from Ventura: ud river direct: in tow* of tug
Rescue.
SAILED.
, Monday. April 23.
Stmr Westport, Erickson, Westport.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed ADril 23 — Schr
Comet, for San Pedro.
PORTLAND— Sailed April 28 — Schr Lizzie
Vance, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Jeanie,
from Quadra Bay: stmr Santa Barbara, from
San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Sailed. April 23 — Stmr Elmore.
for Tlllamook; «tmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA — Arrived April 2S — Br bark Duns
taw, .from Hongkong; stmr Mackinaw, from
San Francisco. <
Sailed April 28— Br ship May Diannid, for
Queenstown. Aorll 26— Ger stmr Neko, for
Port Blakeley.
PORTLAND — Sailed April 28— Schr Lizzie
Vance, for Ban Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived April 2S— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence ADril 26; Br stmr Yanctse, for
Vancouver,' B C. v
OCEAN STEAMERS. "O.
SCILLY — Passed April 2S — Stmr Statendam.
from New York, for Plymouth, Boulogne and
Rotterdam. . .
GLASGOW — Arrived April 28 — Stmr Cartha
genlan, from New York, via Moville. .
SEATTLE, Aprir29.— The United States rev-'
enue cutter Bear left Seattle to-r>tht for her
annual cruise of Bering Sea and the Arctic.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ATLANTA. Ga.. April 28.— Bobby Wal
thour of this city defeated Leander of
Chicago and Freeman of Portland, Or.,
in a tenrmile motor-paced race at the
Coliseum to-night, winning by over nine
laps. Walthour went the entire ten miles
against Freeman and Leander, who rode
the distance in relay heats of two miles.
"Waltbour's time for the ten miles, 16:01,
lowers all previous records for ten miles
on an indoor track.
Walthour Lowers Another Record.
Mrs. F. *M. Smith has offered one of her
cottages on Fourth avenue for the use pf
the patients.
By. request of the board of directors of
the King's Daughters' Home for Incura
bles, The Call will receive subscriptions
at its Oakland office, 1118 Broadway, to
the emergencyifund to provide accommo
dations for the patients rendered home
less by the fire.
The King" s ' Daughters' Home for Incurables
one of the worthiest Institutions of our ' clty|
has .met with a most serious loss by fire
Bedding and bedclothes are needed at once!
The undersigned appeals with confidence to the
parishioners of the Church of the Advent, East
Oakland, for a quick and generous contribution
of these articles. Send them at once to the
home. Eleventh. and Oak streets.
WILLIAM CARSON SHAW. Rector.
spectively the Boston Ladies' Seminary,
a private school conducted by the pres
ent County Superintendent of Schools,
T. O. Crawford, then V "Keely cure"
sanitarium, and lastly the King's
Daughters took possession of the place.
The following appeal has been made:
President, - Mrs. Matilda Brown; first < vlc«
president.' Mrs. E. K. Wood;. second vice,presi
dent, Mrs. '¦¦ G. L. Curtls8; . corresponding, sec
retary. Mrs. J. "W. Scott ; financial secretary
Mrs. L. Albrecht ; financial treasurer, Mrs R
C. Craft; custodian Lord's fund,. Mrs. William
Kell y ; ¦'¦ directors — Mrs. , C. C. Cay, . Mrs. -- S
Chapman. Mrs. A. H. Hills, Mrs. S. H. Wade
advisory' board — Dr. J. • K.'. McLean, James II!
Johnson. John H.- Stevens, Dr. John Fcam and
Dr. ;T. A. Williams. ; : >. .. -: ¦ ..•.¦¦-¦. .. - ; „
Patient William > Bray was . once prom
inent I in I New York i journalism and poli
tics, but. for many years has been a suf
ferer from incurable epilepsy. : H*. is, the
father-in-law of j J. * J. Morrl3, a ; musician
and business man of, San Francisco.
: The home building , is one « of the land
marks > of » Oakland.' i Built in the * early
60' s it was the residence of Governor H-
H. \ Height, plater to General
Keyes, * and after his ; death* was > re
i?r»»*r;.i.- ¦. ' ' : ¦:¦¦ y^&MMtt^'^/tfMrii^mttxM
The loss to the building is about $5000. Our
own loss I cannot state. ;.. The institution is
practically without funds and is in sore need
of assistance at this time. 1 . feel devoutly
thankful that no greater losa of life or injury
to patients and nurses were sustained. .•'¦ That,
I feel, is due to the heroic work of our attend-
Our grateful thanks. are due to the. Fire De
partment - and. to the many .individuals who
assisted during the height of the fire and af
terward. ' .. . ' ¦ ¦ ' • " '¦ *•'"•¦
Now we need financial assistance, and any
thing like bedding, clothing and the like will
be very acceptable, word sent to my residence
or to the home will receive prompt attention.
Whether we ehall rebuild the burned wing is
a. question In the hands of the General Keyea
estate representatives, the property j being rent
ed from ¦ them. ,...;
HOPE TO BUILD NEW HOME;
¦. We '• have just ' paid the first Installment on
a new Bite 'for a home at Thirty-ninth street
and New Broarlway, where we hope to be able
to build a new institution. ¦ • • -
.The officers and . directors of the home
are as follows: • .
"It's a. shame," declared Matron Jones,
"but thieves actually took advantage «of
our plight and stole from the rooms. A3
for the fire, we thank God it was.no
worse. My share? Oh, I only did what I
could. As soon as the cry was given the
nurses and other attendants went rapidly
to work to save the patients. . I ran to
Mr. Bray's room and fought my way In,
getting him out as best I could. The
smoke was very thick. After he had been
cared for I- followed with the others in
saving the old people who were in the
burning wing. I am only too grateful
that the disaster was no worse."
The firemen worked to keep the fire
under control and to prevent it from
spreading into the main building, which
is connected by a double inclosed hall
way with the wing. It was a hard fight
to save the main building because a high
wind was- blowing and the structure was
exposed on all sides to the sweep of the
breeze.
Regarding the fire Mrs. Matilda Brown;
president of, the home, said: - •
In the north wing were the rooms . of
several nurses. Miss H. Barter lost all of
her possessions, and Miss Lena Smith,
who turned in the fire alarm, suffered an
equal loss. . "
NURSES LOSE EFFECTS.
also been burned. The injuries . of the
first named were examined and found to
be fatal, the lower limbs being -very se
riously burned." Bray is 70 years of age,
and the hospital surgeons declare the
shock will kill him. Murray was burned
leas seriously and has a chance of recov
ery. •
Nurse Williams, who was among the
rescue party, was burned on the hand by
a tongue of flame that shot frbm a door
way while he was dragging out a patient.
Matron Jones was partly overcome by
the smoke, but even after getting Bray
into the open . kept . on . and took Dr:
Mlckle, Judge . Humphreys and Mrs.
Stubbe to places beyond the fire's reach, j
PHILADELPHIA, April 28.—Philadel
phia Jack O'Brien outpointed Toung Peter
Jackson to-night in their six-round go be
fore the Washington Sporting Club. The
fight was a hard and fast one from be
ginning to end. In the matter of hitting
Jackson had a little the better of it,
there being more power behind his blows.
Ke, however, failed to land on a vital
spot, and O'Brien's cleverness more than
offset the heavy punches of his adver
sary. •
O'Brien Outpoints Jackson.
Sergeant Ellis and Officer McGrath re
sponded. Corbett and Roberts were taken
to the Harbor Hospital, where their
wounds were dressed. They were later
removed to the Harbor police station,
where they were charged with assault to
murder. McGee was detained on board,
his \ wounds being of such a serious nature
that it was deemed inadvisable to remove
him. • . . -
Corbett" and Roberts called on McGee,
and soon thereafter attacked him. Mc-
Gee defended himself and slightly injured
his. assailants, but was finally severely
cut. The noise attracted the attention of
the officers on watch and the police were
summoned.
During a row on the transport Grant
at Folsom-street wharf this morning
James McGee, a fireman onVthe Grant,
was severely slashed on the face, and
James Corbett and Thomas J. Roberts,
soldiers from the Presidio, were badly
bruised.
Corbett and Thomas J. Roberts
and Dangerously Injured.
James McGee Attacked by James
FIREMAN ON GRANT
SLASHED . BY SOLDIERS
REDDING, April 28.— Frank Fish died
this morning at the Mill Seat Creek plant
of the Northern California Power Com
pany, twenty-six miles from Redding,
after forty-four hours of Intense suffering
from burns. Fish was employed on Sat
urday morning in placing parafflne paint
on transformers in the power house. No
one else saw the accident, but It is be
lieved Fish's clothing, which was thick
with paint, was ignited by a cigarette, of
which the victim smoked many. When
found he appeared to be a mass of flames.
Foreman McKay got him outside and
burled him in sand to smother the flames.
McKay received severe burns in doing bo.
Fish was terribly burned about the upper
part of the body. He was delirious until
death relieved his agony this morning, j
Cigarette Causes Awful Death.
NEW ORLEANS, April 28.— The steam
er Mount Temple cleared for Cape Town
to-day with 1100 horses.
"Since April 21 twenty-five Boers have
been killed, seventy-eight have been ta
ken prisoners and twenty-five have sur
rendered. There has been desultory fight
ing in various sections of the Transvaal
and the Orange River Colony. The gar
rison at O'Kip o' Kip (Cape Colony) suc
cessfully held out until it was relieved by
the columns."
LONDON, April 29.— Writing from Pre
toria, under date of Sunday, April 27, the
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph says
that General Botha, with, other leaders,
attended meetings of the Utrecht and
Vryheid commandos last week, and that
strong opinions in favor of peace were
expressed. The tacit truce in the Utrecht,
and Vryheid districts, concludes the cor
respondent, will expire to-morrow.
The War Office has made public the fol
lowing dispatch from Lord Kitchener at
Pretoria:
Strong Expressions in Favor
of Peace.
General Botha ; Hears Some Very-
EOER LEADERS ATTEND
COMMANDO MEETINGS
BROWNSVILLE, Or., April 28.— J. H.
Glass, cashier of the Bank cf Browns
ville, locked the bank at noon to-day and
went to dinner. "On his return an hour
later it was discovered that a robber had
effected an entrance by breaking the bolt
upon the rear door and had carried away
$1800 which was left outside of the vault.
The robber. made his escape without de
tection.
Escapes With Bank's Gold.
Judge Welborn Sustains Demurrers
Interposed by Pueschel and
Maid.
FRESNO, April 28.— The session of the
United States Circuit and District Courts
opened in this city this morning, with
Judge Welborn presiding. The demurrers
to the indictments by the Federal Grand
Jury «a.gainst E. H. Pueschel and Freder
ick E. Maid for conspiracy were argued,
and the demurrers were sustained. The
decision in this case is of great Import
ance to the oil Interests of this state.
E. H. Pueschel Is an ex- Assemblyman
from Kern County and editor of the
Bakersfield Independent and was for four
years Representative of the United States
Land Office at Visalla. He Is charged
with having conspired with one of his
printers to defraud the Government out
of certain lands by means of false entries,
having entered the lands under the home
stead law, when, it was claimed, they*
were mineral lands.- The defendants de
murred on the ground that the Land De
partment alone had jurisdiction over the
case. . •
OUT LANDS CONSPIRACY
CASE HEARD IN COURT
Manager Mack and Pitchers Bernhard
and Frazer left to-night for Washington,
where the team is playing. La Joie re
mains here. He declares that he will
never return to the National League club.
Although to-day's decision of the court
practically makes the Injunction against
the players permanent, technically the re
straining- order will not be. made perma
nent until the National League amends
the bill of complaint to cover the season
ot -t%2. The original case on which the
decision was rendered only covers last
year. . • •
President Ban Johnson of the American
League and other witnesses were called
to prove that neither Bernhard nor Fra
ser were players of exceptional ability,
but the court decided that the decision of
the Supreme Court applied to them and
accordingly issued the . permanent re
straining order.
The court decided In the case of Lajoie
that there were no new points to be ar
gued and that as the Supreme Court had
expressly declared Lajoie's contract to be
valid, a permanent injunction must be
issued. Counsel for the American League
Club argued that the constitution of the
National League was in violation of the
Sherman anti-trust law, as it retained the
players' sen-ices for all - time, but the
court did not agree with that view.
PHILADELPHIA, April 2S.-The pre
liminary Injunction granted last week re
straining Napoleon Lajoie, second base
man of the Philadelphia American League
Baseball Club, from playing with any
other than the Philadelphia National
League Club, was to-day made permanent
by the Court of Common Pleas. Perma
nent injunctions were also issued against
Pitchers Fraser and Bernhard. formerly
of the Philadelphia National League
Club, who are at present playing with the
local American League team.
In the original suit against the three
players the Court of Common Pleas decid
ed that the contracts were unjust and de
clined to issue a restraining- order. The
officials of the National League Club ap
pealed to the Supreme Court, which re
versed the decision of the lower court. A
temporary injunction was granted last
Thursday and to-day's proceedings were
the result of an effort to dissolve the in
junction.
strained From. Playing 1 With,
American League.
Lajoie, Bemh&rd and Fraser Are Re-
XOTED BALL-PLAYEBS
ABE ENJOINED BY COURT
STOCKTON, April 2S.— William Odum, a
young man well connected in Illinois, died
In the County Hospital at French Camp
last week. He lost his health in the Phil
ippines, and on being informed that he
could not live requested a fellow patient
known as Kelley to send a letter to his
bister, living near Peoria, 111. The letter
•was not written until a day or two before
Odum's death, and when Mrs. Holladay,
the sister, received it she started at once
for this place. Arriving here, she found
that the brother had been dead two days.
The letter she received had been signed
"Edw. J. Oneal," and she was surprised
to find that no such person had- been in
the hospital. •' - - ...
An Investigation showed that several
inmates of the ward had heard Odum re
quest Kelley to write for him. They saw
him give Kelley a package of
some appearing to be in legal form. Kel
ley did not write until those who had
heard the request insisted that he do so.
Evidently he wrote under the name of
Oneal. Kelley disappeared the day before
Odum died. J
As Odum had been doing business with
the commissary department of the army
In the islands it is -believed that he left
valuable papers. Mrs. Holladay after
burying her brother has announced her
intention of finding the man who got
away with the packet and whose treach
ery caused her to lose • a last interview
with a brother whose whereabouts was
long unknown to her.
Papers Intrusted to His
Care.
Disappears With, Packet of Valuable
HOSPITAL COMPANION
HOBS DYING SOLDIER
The Lawtons were perfectly happy In
a pretty home on High street In Alameda
until the mistress of it contracted the
stage fever. She is comely and can touch
high G with her sweet soprano voice that
has been heard at many Alameda society
affairs, and she could see nothing but
success. For awhile she concealed her
intentions from, her husband and visited
the Tivoli secretly. Then at last she
made the leap.
One night the husband came home to
find a note telling him his wife would stay
In the city with friends. But she stayed
several days, and in the end, of course,
there came the denouement. She told him
frankly that she was tired of washing
dishes and that she was going on the
tit-ge for sood.
Lawton has sold all the furniture and
gone to boarding.
Mrs. Julia Lawton, late of Alameda, but
later of the Tivoll chorus, is free to dance
the boards of that perennial playhouse.
The wild desire she entertains to become
a comic opera star has nothing to stifle
it now, for to-day her husband, Lewis
Lawton, was granted a divorce from her
on the ground of cruelty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 28.
The Court Commissionership Is deemed
one of the most lucrative appointive . of
fices in the gift of the county. It Is a fee
office that yields about $150 a month to
the bolder.
Colonel Babcock formerly held a posi
tion in the San Francisco Mint, which he
lost through the change of administra
tion. He will be restored to that place.
Colonel Babcock's resignation is to take
effect on April 30. Judges Greene, Ells
worth, Ogden, Hall and.Melvlri are to
meet to-morrow and appoint his succes
sor, who will be Clarence Crowell, chair
man of the Republican County Central
Committee. Babcock's resignation has
been rumored for some time and it has
been generally understood that Crowell
would get the position.
The present Commissioner's term began
in May, 18S3. During his seven years In
the office he has heard more than 700 di
vorce cases that were referred to him.
Colonel George C. Babcock wound up a
seven years' administration of the Court
Commissioner's office to-day by present
ing his resignation to the Superior Judges
of this county, with whom rests the
power of giving away that political sine
cure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 28.
"I would nut have kept still for all the
pistols in the world," said Miss Lyons.
"I was too frightened for that. The
burglar did not succeed in getting any of
my things." . .
Police Officer Lynch was attracted, by
the screaming and came a-running, but
the man had gone.
But Miss Lyons was too frightened to
obey the mandates of the man behind the
gun. She screamed for all she was worth.
She sat up In bed and screamed. She
Jumped out of bed and still she screamed.
,The burglar saw that he could »not
pacify her with his pistol, so to save him
self from capture he retreated out of the
house as fast as his legs would carry him.
Down the stairs he rushed pellmell. On
the way downward he threw a watch ae
had taken from Miss Lyons' bureau in
her face, not hurting hdwever.
The whole neighborhood was aroused by
Miss Lyons' screaming. Everybody put
their heads out of the window to see what
was going on. One woman across the
street from the Lyons house saw the man
come out of the doorway and run into her
yard, by which he made his escape over
back fences. . •
Those were the words that greeted Miss
Agnes Lyons of 853 Franklin street last
night when she was suddenly aroused
from her sleep. by a noise in her room.
She looked down the muzzle of a pistol
that appeared as big as a barrel, and It
¦was not three Inches from her head.
"Say one word and I'll kill you!"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
>" 1118 Broadway, April 28.
Frightens Away the Intruder,
Who Throws Plunder
Clarence Crowell to Occupy
Place to Be Filled by |$
the Judges.
Husband Secures Divorce and
a. Once Happy Home
Is Wrecked.
Awaking, Miss Agnes
Lyons Finds Burglar
in Her Room.
Retires From the Office
He Has Filled for
Seven Years.
Stage-Struck Mrs. Law
ton Can Indulge
Her, Ambition.
OPENS HER EYES
UP ON A PISTOL
BABCOCK RESIGNS
AS COMMISSIONER
FREE TO DANCE
AT THE TIVOLI
THE SAN FKAISTGISCO- GALL, TIJESDAY, APRII^ 29, 1902.
tally Burned Before Rescued by Heroic Matron
Epileptic Overturns Oil 'Stove in North Wing and Is Fa-
FIRE IN KINGS DAUGHTERS
HOHE IMPERILS UNFORTUNATES
9
THE DAY'S DEAD,
fcfc .STOMACH A
BITTERS
A dose of the Bitters before meals
will aid the stomach in its work of
digestion, also prevent the bowels
from becoming constipated. Taken
regularly will surely cure Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia, Constipation, and
Kidney and Liver Troubles.-
J The treatment of Catarrh with antiseptic and fHlrfv^TlP!
astringent washes, lotions, salves, medicated tobacco iSlP^^^^lft
and cigarettes or any external or local application, is : '&£^ •-
just as senseless as would be kindling a fire on top of
the pot to • make • it boil w True, these give temporary Vffi^^lr
relief, but the cavities and passages of the head and the $^£$^^Sb.
bronchial tubes soon fill up again with mucus. Y^^^^^^Sk
Taking cold is the first step towards Catarrh, for it
checks perspiration, and the poisonous acids and '
vapors which should pass off through the skin, are
thrown back upon the mucous membrane or inner skin,
producing inflammation and excessive flow of mticus, ¦
much of which, is absorbed into the blood, and through the circulation,
reaches every part of the system, involving the Stomach, Kidneys and other
parts of the body. When the disease assumes the dry form, the breath
becomes exceedingly foul, blinding headaches are frequent, the eyes red,
hearing affected and a constant ringing in the ears. No remedy that does
not reach the polluted blood can cure Catarrh. S. S. S. expels from the
/T^> V 1 — "N .circulation; all offensive matter, and when rich, pure
f^^l f(^< (Ol blood is again coursing through the body the
%«^\^^\^^N mucous membranes become healthy and the skin
g""^/ g*-y active, all the disagreeable, painful sjTnptoms disap-
~" .! '-'^ ' T", - ! pear, and a permanent, thorough cure is effected.
S. S.S. being a strictly vegetable blood purifier does not derange the
Stomach and digestion,' but the appetite and general health rapidly improve
under its tonic effects.: Write us about your case 'and get the best medical
advice free. Book on blood and skin diseases sent on application.
> THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. Atlanta, Ga»T£IE3 OA.IjXj'S I^A-OHSTC^ FOK,!^ OH A- 23. T
. It is practically settled that the contest
will take place on the coast.-. All idea of
the big fellows meeting in London during
coronation week has been abandoned. Jef
fries and Fitzsiramona both' recognize the"
fact that there is more money In America
foi them than In Engand. ~\ .: - . , ;;..
NEW YORK, April - 28.— Bob . Fitzsim
mons will leave for San Francisco the lat
ter part of the week for a conference with
Jeffries and to arrange" the details :' for
their battle for the heavy-weight cham
pionship of the world: As " soon as • tha
battle ground is decided upon Fitzslm
mons will go into training on the-out
skirts of San Francisco. ' . '
FTTZSIMMONS COMING HERE
TO CONFER WITH JEFFRIES
; His i last - performance i was on ; the - 12th
of April; when he won a high-class special
stake, beating such dogs ; as Luxor : and
Lost Chord. The dog was a pet and was
highly prized. ,- ' • . ; . -¦.. ..- .
A. ¦¦;3. Martin,; a < well-known ; fast
young greyhound belonging, to the . Ala
meda'.' Kennels, '.' succumbed yesterday
morning to an" attack of ; pneumonia: The
dog, had been in' the recent bench show
and. was out of condition. Despite that
fact his owners ran , him, last Sunday' at
Union Park. The animal caught cold and
died.' ' ¦• -; :¦--'¦ . ::r\ -.. ,-::\ ¦"
A: : J.'. Martin 'was . by, Hughle (imp.)-
My stic '.Mend and was: whelped .In 'April,
1900. • "As : a puppy he 1 ' showed speed '• and
cleverness. . In ¦ September last at Union
Coursing j Park he won 3 the junior » cham-;
pionship , event, , which was a stake made
up of the fastest young ; coursing dogs • on
the coast." At last': year's ; plains ' meeting
at Petaluma. . A.* J;,;Martin : was heavily
backed ,- for ' final " honors,' but was r beaten
in." the- semi-finals by For Glory, and; got
but third place. •. . . . .-,:,« "'•. --r;
FAST COURSING- DOG
.-¦•:;¦ " DIES OF PNEUMONIA
Fourth raee — Seven . furlongs, selling; four
year-olds and upward : ¦
36B1.T. of Candles.101 3626 Oscar Tolle.'..103
<303S)Dol. Welthoff.101 3C64 Ada N. 104
SC63 Sly. ...... ..V.104 3664 Dlomed ......10.1
3658 Bernota .....100 3040 Windward ....100
3C58 Col. Bal'ntynelOG, 3663 King DeIUs...lOO
Mercidita ;... 101' .1663 Kitty Kelly.. .101
(3640)Tlzona .......103; 3656 Horton ¦-.. 106
3C09 The Singer. ...106i
Third race — One mile and one-sixteenth, sell
ing: three-year-olds:
(3657)San Lution...l07 365.1 Syce . . . . . . ' 104
3636 Knockings ...102 3669 Breton .. 107
3648 Constable 104 366« Halmetta . . . .105
3636 Pirate Maid.. 102 3640 Bassenzo ... .113
3653 Forest King.. 107 "3657 Dawson ......10*
3047 Jlngler 104
<3661)Narr& G 116 3638 Katie WalcottllO
3C57, Mike Rice 116 3642 Maresa 11C
3C53 Gold Baron. ..102 3683 The Miller 121
3«>56 Elmer L 102 3645 The Fretter.. 124
.1661 Novla. 100 3648 Billy Lyons, ..118
3646 H'ry ThatcherlOO 3596 Sir Hampton. 124
3601 Rey Dare 99 3058 Our Lizzie. ..119
Second race — Four furlongs, purse; two-year
old maidens:
3630 Jen. McGow*n.ll0 3570 Len Reno. ....110
3637 Prestolus 103 3637 Tamm 100
.'{660 Horatius US 3030 Katanga 103
3594 Estoy Listo.. .106 3379 Orosius 113
3C30 Maud Sherw'dllO 3605 Gorgalete ....103
3(355 The Fog....:. 113 3055 J. H. Bennett.113
SC13 CUvoso ...... 106 1 3613 Levant 113
.... Presentation .110'
Jake Holtman and his assistants, Ar
thur McKnight and Charley Weber, leave
by this morning's overland for Chicago. *
Denver will hold the greatest race meet
ing in the history of Overland Park, and
many of the horses now running at Oak
land will be headed for the Colorado me
tropolis. Entries for the $800 Derby close
May 15. •
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Seven furlongs, purse; four-year
olds and uoward:
Track Notes.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 26.— The
scheduled twenty-round contest between
Phil' Green of Salt Lake and young. Dono
van of Los Angeles at the Salt Lake Ath
letic Club to-night ended in a row in the
fifteenth round that almost developed into
a free fight. Green, handicapped ¦ in
height and reach and eight pounds lighter
than the California boy, forced the fight
ing for the first twelve rounds. In the
thirteenth Donovan made - Green groggy
with a succession of hard lefts to the jaw
and forced the fighting In the fourteenth.
Green went down for seven seconds! from
a right to the jaw,- and an' instant later
got the same dose. He went 'down, ap
parently out, but got up just at the count
of ten. His seconds, however, had thrown
the. sponge into the ring and Chief of Po
lice Hilton i motioned* Referee .Tom Ben
nett to stop the fight. Bennett, not seeing
the sponge, declared the fight' a draw on
its merits: and on; account of stopping of
it by the police. In - an instant the ring
was full of howling, maddened men, sev
eral of whom threatened the referee.
Bennett taking umbrage at some remark,"
let fly. his right at the offender, and the
two had a merry, set-to before the police
stopped , this fight also. • -.,¦-¦¦
PO WLING SPECTATORS k "
y THREATEN THE REFEREE
1:14 3-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Rose
Tint won, Alan second. Albatross third. Time
0:55 3-5. • '
Third race, handicap, six furlongs — Cervera
won. Flying Buttress second; Contend third
Time, 1:14. .
Fourth race, the Woodhaven Selling. Stakes,
2-year-olds, five furlongs — Hedge ' ' won, . Blue
and Orange second, Rostrand third. Time
1:02 2-5. ¦ . - , >.'tV;
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
icg — Animosity won. Rough Rider . second
Lanceman third. Time, 1:47.
Sixth • race, five • and a half furlongs — Sister
Juliet- won, Neither One second, Blanche Her
man third. Time, 1:08 2-5. '
NABHVILLE, Tenn., April ; 28.— Cumberland
Park* results : . .
First race, six furlongs, selling — Lady Gersl
won, Mattle Spencer second, > Audlphone third
Time, 1:17. . . ' ...
Second race.' six furlongs— A. D. v Gibson ¦ won
King Daly second, Jim : Clark third. Time,
1:15. ¦ •
Third race, four and a' half furlongs-^-TIssue
won. On the Quiet second, ' Qulta' thlrd. : Time
1:581,4. . . • ' '
Fourth race, one mile, gentlemen riders-
Swordsman won, Robert Morrison second. May
Angelo third. • Time, 1 :51. . . ; ; *
Fifth race, six and' a half, furlongs, ¦ selling—
Hiaway won, Tom Collins ¦ second, Kinloch
Park third. Time, 1:23%. : ""
Sixth' race, six furlongs, selling— Aorta won,
Aules second. Carat third. . Time, 1:17^4.
Hedge "Wins the Woodhaven Selling
Stakes for Two-Year-Olds
/ at Aqueduct.
CHICAGO, April 28.— Lakeside results:
First race, -four and a half ' furlongs— Agnes
Mack ' won, Goudy second, Northpote third.
Time, 0:57 4-5. '
Second race, six furlongs — Hayden won; Pre
torlus second, Zlrl third. Time, 1:17 2-5.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards—
Ecome won, Little Tim second, Henry of Fran
stamar third. Time, 1:40 3-5. . \
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs — Father
Wentker won, Automaton second, Pyrrho third.
Time, 1:23 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile . and a half — John Mc-
Gurk won. Cogswell second. Tea . Gown third.
Time, 2:41.
Sixth race, one mile and a half — John Mc-
Prlnce Zeno won, Teucer second, '¦ Ceylon third.
Time, 1:511-5. . ;
NEW YORK, April 28.— Aqueduct results: .
First race, five furlongs, ¦ selling — Maltster
won. Bounteous second, Basuto third; . Time,
JOHN McGUBK CAPTTJUES
A PTJRSE AT LAKESIDE
First race — Bey Dare, Elmer , L,
Novia. %*M.£
Second race^ — Estoy Listo, The Fog,
Maud Sherwood.
Third . race— Forest King, Syce)
Constable.
Fourth race— Tower of Candles,
Sly, Kitty Kelly.
Fifth race— Sister Jeanie, Josie
Gibson, Rubus.
Sixth race — Ishtar, El Pilar, Plan.
SELECTIONS FOB, TO-DAY.
WESTERN ASSOCIATION. /
DF.NVER, Colo.. April 28.— Denver 12. Kan
sas City 10.
» COLORADO SPRINGS, April 28.— St. Joseph
8, Colorado Springs 9.
OMAHA, Nebr., April. 28. — Omaha 7. Peo
rid 3. ¦-.'¦¦ "... . .
DES MOINES, April 28.— Des Moines 7. Mil
waukee 7. -' ' .
i . . R. H. ' E.
Chicago ....;.. .'. 0 ' 5 i -.6
Cleveland : ....2 ~ 6 '3
Batteries — Platt, Katello and Sullivan; Tay
lor and Bemls.
£>T. LOUIS, April 28. — To-day's game be
tween the St. Louis and Detroit American
League baseball teams was postponed on ac
count of wet grounds.
Baltimore 3 8 4
Boston 7. 9 ]
Batteries — McGlnnlty and Robinson; Young
and Crlger. . . , ¦ .. '. .
CHICAGO. April 28. — The locals were unable
to solve Taylor's swift delivery to-day . and
were shut out. Four of Cleveland's hits were
bunched . in two innings, earning both runs.
Attendance. 1300. Score: ¦ ,. -
Washington 0 14 t
Philadelphia .12 12 .2
Batteries— Orth and Drill; Wiltse and
Powers.
BALTIMORE, April 28.— The Baltimore
American League Club could do nothing with
Young. Attendance, 3160. .Score:
R. H. E.
"WASHINGTON, ¦ April 28. — Although out
batted by "Washington Philadelphia won to
day's game by hitting opportunely, two home
run* by Cross being chiefly responsible. • At
tendance. 3657. Score:
: R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Tournament for Marksmen.
BAKERSFIELD, April 28.— The Union
Gun Club of this city has decided to give
a two days* shooting tournament dur
ing carnival week, open to all comers.
Cash and merchandise -prizes will be
awarded for rifle, shotgun, pistol and re
volver. May 7 will be for live birds and
May 8 for Wuerocks. Fifteen hundred
pigeons and 10,000 bluerocks have been
procured.
Gawaine, a 10 to 1 shot, piloted by John
ny Hoar, slipped away from his field' at
the start of the final mile and fifty-yard
run, and was never headed. First Shot
ran second, a length before the favorite,
Frank Woods.
"Peach" Honig's mare Antolee repeated
her excellent performance of Saturday
last, defeating Rio Shannon a neck for
the mile and a sixteenth selling number.
The last named horse, with Jimmy Boze
man in the saddle, made most of the run
ning and seems out of luck. Princess Ti
tania. the post favorite, ran a good third,
although the route is undoubtedly not to
her liking. Probably old Wfolhurst found
the track too hard, for Troxler could not
land him among the first three.
There was nothing capable of giving the
favorite, Lizzie Rice, an argument in the
two-year-old scramble. Guida made a
very fair, showing, finishing second, beat
en four lengths. Mi Reina led out Ni
grette, the second choice, for show hon
ors. -.%!:'.¦ '.T;-. •;•.-'.-"
FLUSH OF GOLD, the . speedy
mare racing In the colors of Owen
Bros., demonstrated before a
large gathering of racegoers at
Oakland yesterday that she is not
to be overlooked on a fast track. She had
previously ahown that mud was not her
forte. Tb« daughter of Royal Flush car
ried 107 pounds in the Fieldwick handi
cap, at seven furlongs, and waited behind
Hagerdon until the wire was in Bight,
edged her way past the Cameron entry
and won by a length in 1:26%. Dlvina,
the heavily played 2 to 1 choice, appeared
outfooted the first three-quarters, finish
ing third all out. It was a rattling good
betting affair, Meehanus, Escalante and
Solinus all being accorded support. The
winner went to the post at odds of 7 to L
Favorites met with more or less ill rac
ing luck almost from the start, only two,
Algareta and Lizzie Rice, falling heir to
brackets.
Algareta. owned by the Montana turf
rcan, J. A- Murphy, took the opening
sprint, starting a pronounced favorite.
Spargur waited with the old mare until
the stretch was reached, when he went to
the front, scoring easily from Bogus Bill
and Catherine. Amasa gave it up* after
cutting out the pace for a time. . - • -¦%-"-*
Those who threw out the previous bad
race of Nonie reaped the benefit of the
filly's clever win of the five-furlong dash.
She was well handled by See, who gradu
ally lessened the gap opened up by Cassie
W, finally downing the latter a length.
Larry Daly on Parizade, the favorite, got
Into all sorts of trouble, finishing far
back in the ruck. Fifteen to one could
be had about the winner.
. Fifth race — Six and one-half furlongs; purse;
three-year-olds and upward:
(36C8)Rubus 93 (3647)May W 109
3657 Mike Strauss.. Ill 3663 Sea. Queen 109
3332 Josie Gibson.. 100 3665 Algareta 103
(3644)Sister Jeanie.,100 3669 Flush of Gold.114
3619 Matt Hogan..lll
Sixth race — One mile, selling; three-year
olds and upward: r-V.
(3626)Ulloa 115 3617 Axmlnster ...101
3666 Esternell 96 3662 Loyal S.......11S
3657 U Calma 106 /3648 Fondo 113
3642 Formero 117 3666 Ishtar .101
3652 Plan .. ... 117 1 3654 Jarretiere d'Orl03
3647 Dandy 101 j 3628 Bab 115
3635 El Pilar 101 3521 Mythrpx .....101
3475 Senator Matts.117!
Ladies of the Board Pass on Various
Motions and Arrange Public
Meeting.
There was a meeting of the executive
board of the State Suffrage Association
last Saturday at the residence of Mrs.
Ellen Sargent, 1600 Folsom street.
The treasurer reported S300 85 in the
treasury, and that 5100 monthly had been
assured by the members for the State or
ganization fund.
A reception will be giv.en Miss Vida
Goldstein of Australia early in June on
her arrival in this city, a reception com
mittee having been appointed.
The president announced that a county
convention will be held in San Jose to
day at the Unitarian Church.
The following members were present:
Mrs. Wood, Mrs. Sargent, Mrs. Keith.
Mrs. Chapman, Miss Schtingheyde and
Mrs. "Williamson.
NEW .YORK, April 2S.— Well-timed hits, and
superior base running enabled New York to
beat Brooklyn at - Washington ' Park. Attend
ance, 5000. Score: jj
New York ....9 .15-2
Brooklyn ..;:.» 3 4 .3
Bat terles— E v«ns * - and >' Bowerman; ' McCann
and Ahearn. '• -
PHILADELPHIA; April 28. — Mularky'a
¦wlldriess in the fourth and seventh' innings
caused Boston's defeat by Philadelphia to-day.
He gave six bases on balls in these two in
nings. Attendance, 1915. Score :
R. RV E
Boston -1 12 2
Philadelphia '4 6 0
Batteries — Mularky and Moran; Iburg an;l
Dora.
Mularky Gives Philadelphia Players
Six Bases on Balls in Two
":¦/.? Innings! ¦ j
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
WILD PITCHING CAUSES
DEFEAT OF BOSTON TEAMS
WOMEN SUFFRAGISTS
IN QUARTERLY SESSION
Joe Walcott and George Gardiner may
battle to a finish in Nevada early in July.
S. Livingston, a well known sporting man
of Carson, has expressed a ¦willingness to
match the men and guarantee them $5000
if they will sign articles. Livingston sent
the following telegram to Harry Corbett
yesterday:
"Will guarantee Walcott-Gardner JjOOO
for a finish nght in Nevada early in
July."
George Gardner and his manager. Alec
Greggatns, were shown the dispatch and
both men said they would accept the -of
fer. Greggains stated he would put up
a forfeit with Harry Corbett as an evi
dence of his good intentions. Gardner
announced that he would like nothing
better than to meet his erstwhile op
ponent to a finish. He said the longer he
fought the better he showed and he had
every faith in his ability to beat the
colored boxer. Oardner said he would
rather fight Jack Root under the same
conditions and if Walcott will not accept
he hopes Manager Livingston will be able
to arrange such a match.
Such a contest would be of greater in
terest than one with Walcott. Root was
given a decision over Gardner on a foul
and the latter is anxious to retrieve this
unfortunate contest. He says a contest
between himself and Root would be a
championship event and would settle for
all time who is entitled to be the light
heavvweight champion of the world.
\Va*!cott left for the East last Sunday
night.
Jimmy Britt will start training at
Croll's "Gardens, Alameda, to-day for his
contest with "Kid" Lavigne. They are
to box twenty rounds on May 29 under
the ausDices of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club. Britt will have "Spider" Kel
ly to look after him. Lavigne and Britt
will battle for the lS3-pound champion
ship cf the world. When Lavigne lost
to Frank Erne the last named weighed
136% pounds. The "Kid" had to give
weight to Erne, and despite this fact
Krne only won the chompionship on
points. Lavigne claims he is better now
than he ever was. He has taken excel
lent care of himself for more than a year
and a half. Lavigne is working at
Blanken's. He has "Kid" Parker for a
training mate.
To-morrow evening: the San Francisco
Athletic Club will hold its regular month
ly exhibition. Joe Angeli and William
Brodie will appear in the main event.
They will box fcur rounds at 128 pounds.
The balance of the card follows:
John Crow, S. F. A. C. vs. Ernest Parker,
S. F. A. C. 105 pounds, four rounds; William
Tardelli. unattached, vs. Mike ilaher. Key
- Ftone A. C. 105 pounds, four rounds; George
Haniey, S. F. A. C. vs. Joe Carroll, S. F. A.
C, 110 pounds, four rounds; Ed (Kid) Parker,
S. V. A. C. vs. Harry Klllen. B. C. A. C, 118
pounds, four rounds; Joe Regan, S. F. A. C,
vs. James Adams. S. F. A. C, 120 pounds,
•four rounds; Ed Devine. unattached, vs. Fred
Landers, S. F. A. C. 125 pounds, four rounds.
Manager Money made a great mistake
tn. letting the Buffalo team take Atherton
from him. The big fellow was probably
the best man on the team. He could play
almost any position and was hitting hard
er than any player in the league.
"A left-handed pitcher, with good con
trol can keep the Los Angeles team guess
ing as long as he keeps cool," remarked
Meredith yesterday. He probably speaks
from experience, as he shut out the Ser
aphs last Saturday, and they never had
a chance to hit him safely.
Pete Dowliig should take a lesson from
Sunday's game. Rough tactics might
possibly do in Milwaukee, but not in San
Francisco, especially when Jack O Connell
is looking. ' ' • ¦ ¦'¦
Los Angeles pitchers hold the records
so far. McPartlin shut Oakland out with
out a safe hit, and Rube Waddell struck
out nine of the local batsmen. Both are
good marks for the other pitchers to
overcome. . ,- , . - '
Glendon will be seen in the box 'or the
Ponies this week. He arrived from Cin
cinnati a few days ago. He is a big,
husky fellow, and a first-class box artist.
Fielding his position is his long suit.
Mike Fisher is going to have a bulletin
board on the Sacramento grounds and will
announce the games in San Francisco and
Los Angeles by innings. This is a good
idea, and the other managers should fol
low suit.- ' _
Jim McDonald will umpire at Recrea
tion Park this week, while Jack O'Connell
does a few stunts at Sacramento. Mc-
Donald failed to satisfy the Los Angeles
public. - His umpiring was undoubtedly
good, but still the knockers were after.
him. 1 ¦ ¦' •
Last week's, series of games failed to
alter the standing: of any of the four clubs
of the league. The coming- series should
give San Francisco and Sacramento a
chance to regain some lost ground. Both
will play on their home grounds and this
is a big advantage for any ball nine. Los
Angeles always, does much better when
in the south, so the Ponies should cap
ture the series if they put up any kind of
a game. ,¦¦¦'¦
billy Hulen will have entire charge of
the benators while in the Held, iluien is
well known in the baseball world, having
played in different cities of the State ana
Middle We3t. His ilrst prof essional . ex
perience was gained with the . Los An
geles team in 1S&2. • ' v
The Ponies, accompanied by Manager
Harris, arrived yesterday, morning from
Los Angeles. Though they lost the series,
they are not disheartened and all agree
that the Angels got a good run for tneir
money.
Catcher Gorton was fined $5 by Manager
Pete Lohman for not running to first on
an easy grounder in last Sunday morn
ing's game at Oakland. Gorton hit the
ball easy to Eagan, who threw badly to
first, and the runner could have made
second on it had he tried. v
Gleridon^WiH Pitch Against
Los Angeles in the Com-.
';.. .ingSeriea . ¦
Britt Begins Training To-Day
for His Contest With
Lavigne.
Offer to Match Walcott
and Gardner- for a
Finish Fight.
Carelessness Costs the
Oakland Backstop
Five Dollars.
NEVADA MAKES
BID FOB BATTLE
UMPIRES WILL
SHIFT AROUND
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1902.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Mond^, ]< Aj»r£J8 :^£e^er_ i Clo^y.^^rac^
"065. FIRST RACE — Futurity . course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; to first, ; $325.
j j — : T" . I Betting.
IndexlHoree. Age. Weight. I St. %. %. " Str. Fin. 1 Owner and Jockey, j Op. Cl.
337^"|AIgareta. a 100| 's 4 2 3~1 1~% 1 1 J. A. Murray.. ..Spargur 6 ; 5 3-2
a47S |Bcgus Bill, 5 Ill 1 5 1 2n 2 3 2 3 A. L. Capps Prior -0 "
SC93 Cathrine Bravo. 4.100 4 Gh4h 3^3 1 J. P. Atkin.....L. Daly 15 . -'O.
3583 Aunt Mary, a....lO"J 0 3 2 0 Vi 4 % 4 3 C. W. ChappeU.Watrbry 10 ,. 9
rWJl La Borgia, 5 HO 9 11 8 V» « '4 5 1 Elmwood Farm...Tullelt 0 .1-.
3461 Haralamb, 4 11111 92 02 72 61 E. C. Hubbell Fogg lj> -•>
3041 ISailor. 4 10S 12 14 10 SI 7 1 George Webb... Donnelly b .8.
3623 I B. Bohmanson. 4.108 10 12 11 9-1.82 Klunder & Burns. Ho wsn 15 M
3641 Road Agent. 4.. ..1081 7 S % 12 10 » 1 T. H. Ryan Hoar 40 i>
3651 lAmaea. a .....111 5 In 1 h 5 1 10 J. M. Crane Troxler •> A O
3S19 |Spry Lark, a 109| 2 2 1 6 % 11 11 M. Quinn J. Sheehan 50 40
360G Slap Dash, 4 10S 15 15 15 12 12. J. V. Klrby. . . . .Frawley V* ¦ ~$
JU67 Mrs. C. 6. 112 S 7 3 7 n 13 ;13 J. S. Campbell. J.McCrty 15 . -, 25,
3<J23 Nellie Holton, 6..109 14 13 13 . 14 14 Dickey & Linder.A.Kelly 15 ;.l-;,
3629 iHeraldo. 5 111|13 10 1 14 15 15 M.Kane See 15 , >0
Tine— To V*. :21%; to Va. :46%; last %. 1:02; short %. 1:13. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third drlvlne. Winner. J. A. Murray's br. m. by Brajnble-Caledonia. Winner
fast and can beat better ones. Bogus Bill did well. Amasa quit. Slap Dash no account.
3OOG. SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; selling; three-year-old fillies; to first, $325.
1 { ~ ~~T~ " ~ ~ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight 1st.' %. %. Str. Fin. \Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
3636"Nonie 110*3 3 2 3 2 Tn 11 M.\Kane See 10 13
SC24 CassieW 110 1 1^11 2%2h J. G. Nealon:.... ..Hoar 6 6.
3653 Jennie Hughes., ..110 5 43 41 -3% 31 R. Hughes... ...Howson - 30 40
3649 llshtar 112 10 7 1 6 1 5 1 4 n A. Josephs. .J. McCarthy 3 1S-5
SG49 Halmetta 110 7 515h 4h51 W. H. Ketcheman . Prior 7/ 7
3636 Sterling Towers.. 110 8 81 72 6161 Musto & Ruiz. J.Sheehan 30 100
3557 I Victoria S 110 2 22 21 72 7 Vi B. Schrelber Troxler 15 30
3636 Esternell 110 6 9 2 8 2 8 2 8 2 A. Andrews. ...Donnelly 7 10
3(536 Cathello 110 9 10 2 10 6 9 3 9 4 J. L. Clayton.. .Frawley 30 60
3079 Parizade 110 4 6 1 9 1 10 15 10 25 D. Cameron L. Daly 3 0-5
Miss Mateo 11111 11 11 11 ' 11 C. E. Farnum. .Bozeman 10 50
Time V*. :24; \' t "-4S; %. 1:02%: Bad sUrt. Won easily. Second and third driving.. Win
ner, M. Kane's b. f. by Santiago-Crap Game. Nonle displayed marked improvement. Cas
ele W away sailing. Ishtar can do better. Parizade cut off two or three' times on back
stretch and messed about. Scratched — Torso Maid 110, Knocklngs 110, Winnecook 110,
Swlftlfght J10. .
3OO7. THIRD RACE — Four and a half furlongs; sellingj two -year- olds; to first." $325.
j j " ~\ ; Betting.
IndexlHorse and Weight St %. %. Str. Fin. \ Owner and Jockey. Op. O>
3655~ Lizzie Rice 107 5 2 2 1 1% 1 4 14 W. L. Stanfleld. Donnelly 1. 7-10
3655 Guida 107 31^25 2%2h A.B. Spreckels Hoar 10 20
3655 Ml Reina 107 1 5 6 5 10 3 h 3 h E. J. Baldwin. . .Troxler 6 9
<>566 Nigrette 107 6 4h 42 4h 44- Jennings & Co. ..L. Daly 5-2 3
36C.0 Clartnette 107 2 3 2 3 n. ft 10 G 10 H. J. Jones '...See 6 10
.",594 Toto Gratlot 110 4 64 61 6n 6 Vj Theo. Winters. .J.McCrty 20 300
3C37 Montezuma 110 8 71 71 71 72 Capps & Long. .Buckston -20 100
3643 The Owl 110 7 8 8 8 8 J. Brearley & Co. ..Prior GO 100
Time Vi :23%; S :4SU; 4%f, :55i4. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, wT'L. Stanfield's gr. f. by Captlve-Leora. Winner best. Guida showed a
trace of her old form. Clarinette quit. gstoy Listo JllO^ !_^.^_^_^^^.
:u>(;s. FOURTH RACE^ — 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325. ' ¦
T " — 7 ~~ p Betting.
Index (Horse, Age. Weight. St. U. Vi. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
(SGGiTlAntolee, 4 104 2 5 42 In In D. A. Honlg. Prior 5-2 3
3(»i Rio Shannon. 5.. 113 5 4n 11 2324 J. Coffey Bozeman 15 20
1 :;«50 IPrin Titanla, 4.. 1041 4 2n 2n32 3n Caesar Young. .Donnelly 2 8-5
(3CT»C)|\Volhurst a 110| 3 3 1 5 4 4 4 6 Montana Stable. .Troxler 6-5. 9-5
CC64 [Limelight, 6 ....110| 112 3^5 5 William Cahill Hoar 10. 15
Time H, :25; '4 :49; %, 1:14V.; m, 1:40*4; 1 110m, 1:47. . Good start. Won first three
driving- Winner D. A. Honig's b. m. by Lcttoon-Anvolee. Antolec nicely handled. Shan
nqn ran to his notch. Too far for the Trlncr-ss. Troxler could not keep Wolhurst up.'
, Limelight quit in front Scratched— RedwaldnO.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^__^
3G69. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Fieldwick" handicap; 3-year-olds & up; to first, $400
I* 1 -^ ¦ Betting.
IcdexJHorse. Age. Weight St. %. "^4. Str. Fin. Owner, and Jockeys Op. Cl.
S650 Flush of Gold 5. .107 2 3h 3h 2311 Owen Bros Troxler 8 7
3C21 Hagerdon 5* 110 6 .21 11 1 1>J 2 2 ¦ D. Cameron Prior 6 11-2
3644 Dlvina 3 105 It 62 61 32 34 El Prlmero Stable... See .3 ¦« 2
(3617) Solinus 3 100 4 lh 2 1 5 14 1 L. Levy .Donnelly . 6 6
3625 Byron Rose 4. .104 5 41 51 4%G3 j Roy Wilson.. J. Sbcehan 10 20
?.644 Meehanus 6 106 7 7 7 6 4 0 12 Caesar Young ....Hoar 3 16-5
(3542)lEscalante, 3 97 1 51 4h 7 7 Baldwin & Co.. Ransom 4 7
Time M. :23V> ; %, :48; %. 1:13%; ~£. 1:26%. Poor start. Won first three driving. Win
ner Owen Bros. 7 ch. m. by Royal Flush-Gold Cup. Flush of- Gold excellently ridden and
best. Hagerdon cut out a red hot pace. Dlvina outrun the first part. Sollnus outclassed.
Meehanus almost left. Eecalante messed about at start.
367O. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 50 yards; celling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
j ~~ \ : ; I Betting.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. M. Vi. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3e42~ Gawaine, 4 106 I 14 16 12 11 W. B. Cotton Hoar 7 10
S635 First Shot 5 107 5 2 4 2 2 2 1>& 2 1 Moore & Co Troxler 6 «
3652 Frank Woods, 6.. 110 12 12 10 3 1 3 1% Garden City Stable.. .See 2 2
3616 Expedient 5 HO 4 11 1 6 n 4 JS 4 2 P. E. Smith Howson 8 10
3640 Maraschino. 3 .. 90 8 8 2 11 5 1 5 ',4 J. C. Humphrey. Sheehan 6 5
(364?) 1 Compass 4 104 2 6n 52 61 61 James Wilson ..Ransom ".12 .20
3652 El Mido 6 112 6 10 1 9 7 2 7 1 J. S. Campbell.McCarthy 10 20
3600 Tony Le'pping 4..104I 3 53 8h 81 81' Newman & Eagan.Prior 40 • 60
£022 McNamara 5 11010 9 h 12 9 4 9 5 Magrane & Co.. Frawley 5 5
(oGSS) Matilda o' 4 101 9 7 4 3 h 10 10 2 |H. C. Ahlers....L. Daly .20 30
3642 IMarineuse 4 103 ~T 3 n 4 1 11 11 J. Conway ....Donnelly 12 20
3641 iPing. a .' 107JU 4 % 7 2 12 12 C. W. Chappell.Waterhy 30 60
Time 14. :24; Vi, :h\^\ %, 1:14; m, 1:41%; lm 50yds. 1:44%. Poor start. "W r on first three
driving. Winner, W. E_ Cotton's b. g. by Florist- Glenda. Gawaine on the rail away
in front and not bothcrea. Woods a very slow beginner. Scratched — Matin Bell 86, Ga
lanthus 103 Elfonse 103, Decoy 107.
10
Bdrtlett SprmgsJ
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant. After a short or -
long stay at the popular Springs you will .
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance,
swim, batbe, walk over mountain - paths,
amuse yourselves In hundreds of happy
waye. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send for booklet.
Call or Address ¦
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office. ' Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter st., S. F. Lake Co., Cal.
O '"'' ' '" • ¦ <\
CAMP CURRY!
Gives special rates to nobody, but gives value'
received to all, as is shown by its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, more than one-half 'of
which were in 1001; 1000 guests are' expected
in' 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st. : open May 1.
YOSEMITE.
LYTTON SPRINGS. *
Sonoma County. • Always open. : Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. .No staging. Every
cemfort and convenience. Tiburon ferry, 7:30
a. m., 3:30 p. m. Information of DR. HEN-
ELBE, 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371, Tour-
ist Information' Bureau, JO Montgomery at., or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. fcal.
SA RA TOGA SPRINGS.
Better than ever this year — booklet and full
Information at Peck's Information Bureau. 11
Montgomery St., or California and Northwest-
ern R. R. office. 650 Market St., or John Mar-
tens, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management ; all refitted. . . Quietude, com-
fort, j pleasure ; ; hunting, fishing, boating; - fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager, Russian River station,
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming /esort in the Santa Cruz Mts. ;
2 hours from f San Francisco; delightful . cli-
mate; .swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the. year. A. S. OLNEY, Manager.
HOTEL. MATEO AND COTTAGES, ;
San "Mateo, Cal.. is now under new manage-
ment. ~ Everything first - class. Cuisine unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling alleys, ¦ billiards,
pool, shuffleboard, lawn tennis, salt water bath-
ing, etc. Rates on application. WRENN &
SPAULDINQ. Proprietors. ¦ . ¦ ¦¦ ¦
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY. .
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE . (formerly Mrs.
Leach), Proprietors.
THE CEYSERS.
• (Sonoma County.) New management; rcoms
plastered and .' hard ¦ finished ; new • : furniture ;
i-«w, -. private . bathhouse ; : hunting, fishing . > ear
round; white ¦ help .only; : best llver^;.; conking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
HOTEL EL MONTE-
LOS gatos.
Under : new manaeement. 1' Now open ' for
business. - Rates. $S to $15 per week..-. '
"BROOKSIDE/' :'¦¦¦-
: Most beautiful ' resort house in ' Napa Valley ;
2 miles from" Cal Utoga; free carriage; hot and
cold baths! ' gas. ; . S.\ F.' references. Send for
pamphlet. , G. W.\ CUTLER. Callstoga.
HO0FOR-BLUE LAKES! r
-Hunting?-- boating, -bathing,, fishing; Tnew
launch and boats, new . hotel and cottages. - new
.tennis ; court. : ; Send for pamphlet and terms.
O. WEISMAN. .! Midlake.-- Lake County. * Cal. "
FOREST HOTEL,
;;::'y.V '. ALMA.'C'' : ¦ ... '
Santa 5 Cruz Mountains. .Good l trout ' fishing.
Rebuilt j and reopened. .-• B. . BOHME,'' Proo.
AMONG THE PINES.— ALTITUDE 2014 FT
Most healthful climate. : ; Plenty - of cream '
fruit, --etc. -.'; Home cooking., Telephone. : Rates
$6 and • $7.' per .week. . For particulars address
Robt. F. Warham, Applssate, : Placer Co., * Cal." i
AUuIIlb
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
A Positive Cure for Stomach, Liver and Kid-
ney Troubles. Not what, I eay. but what tha
people ray.
RECOMMENDED BY THE LEADING PHY-
SICIANS OF CALIFORNIA.
SEND FOR BOOK OF TESTIMONIALS.
-Elevation, 3300 feet.
Rates. $10. $12 and $14 per week.
Tickets at S. P. office, foot of 'Market street,
direct to the Springs.
DR. W. R. PRATHER, Proprietor.
L. LEBENBAUM & CO.. 222 Sutter street.
S. F. Agents for Adams Springs water.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantaees. attractions and amuse-'
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famotis Marine Band, twenty-flv«
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishine: and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats • and Aquarium; Boating.
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Cam?) Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and. Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Danciner. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist Information
Bureau. 10 Montgomery street, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
r» if a r% r% n HOT springs, sono-
SK /|/t/t.S ma COUNTY; only 4^
W#1#I \J\J\J hours from Saa Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath In State;
boating and swimming In Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evenintr papers^ FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
roon stages; round trip from San Francisco
enly |5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:3O a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any gnest
of the past seven yeans. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office. 121 Phelan bldg-T Tourist Information
Bureau. 10 Montgomery st.: also at Traveler
•¦fflce. 20 Montgomery St.. or of J. F. MXJL-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal.
EL BONITO HOTELi
The largest and best appolntel hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated: new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncana Mills, Cal. For
Information and rates Inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. CaJ-
houn. Proprietor.
riMPTAYTflD HOTEL, camp cottages
WAJlr lAILUii an< i grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room In county; new myrtle cottage; hunting.
boating, bathing, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet, tennis, bowling; free teams dally to
our mineral springs, 15 kinds. E. DURNAN,
Laurel Dell, Lake Co., Cal. ¦
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 rms.:
Santa Cruz, Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 10 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long dist. phone. Fred Barson, Prop.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort no
Boncifonte drive. 5 miles from Santa Cruz:
daily mail, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.
ANNADAIiE FARM. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN. Loa Gatos Postotnce. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cat.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, maa-
Fage. X-ray. Write • for literature.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THI3
homelike resort is located in the" Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal.
KING'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING, Cazadero.
RAND CENTRAL HOTEL. Guernevills.
Cal.— New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
¦ and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Quernevllle. Cal.
STAGE ijites A2TP UVEBIES.
A^HONDATand PESCAiD^lO^iWugh"th»
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's, Wurr"».
Bellvale, Pigeon Pt. and Santa CruiT Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City. 9 a. m. train, 3d
and Townsend sts.: 0:20 a. m. from San Josa
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
PESCADERO^ £an Mateo and Pescadero
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and Saa
Gregorio. daily all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-
lits — Tourists, campers, hunters, write J.
H. Smith, Uklah. Smith & Taylor, Wlllits, for
any kind of a turnout. ¦
GILROY Fashion Livery: good service: reas.
rates. Of,c Gilroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-class rigs. Reasonable prices.
ANTA CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stable*. Styl-
ish rigs. Reasonable prices. .
BR. HALL'S REINYlGORATQRg&SPB
Stops all losses in 24 hours Five %yr*»j£3
hundred reward for any case we E^a IS?
cannot cure. .This . secret rem- p^ S3
edy cures Emissions. Impotency. « 1001
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. *£ **M
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man- I 1 i |Hj|
hood and all other wastlnc ef- ¦ ijE 28£3
fecta of self-abuse or excesses £1*-^^— *'>-ft2f
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed
tj.cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55 Broad-
way,- Oakland. Cal. .Also for sale at 1073 >.i
»Iarket gt.. S. F. Send for free bopk.
Weekly Call, $1 Der Tear
IT'S FUNNY how so many men act.
; They toll, and labor, and struggle,
AND NEVER for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those resid-
ing In this vicinity, when right at their
door lies the playground, quickly and
' cheaply reached.
IP YOTJ WHiTj NOT occasionally give
up the daily grind,
DO NOT make your wife and children
continually walk the treadmill,
AT LEAST give them a chance for a
• little change of air that will bring some
color to their cheeks.
PERHAPS then you" will, find time to
visit them over Sunday,
AND FORGET, yourself as your chil-
dren poke grass down your ; neck,
and in your nose, and eyes, and ears.
GET. OUT once In a while and romp,
BREAK AWAY and give your family a
chance to get acquainted with you,
AND CALL or write for .
"VACATION, 1902."
A little book. issued by tlfe CALIFOR-
NIA NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY
COMPANY, giving Camping Locations,
Hotels, . Mineral ; Spring Resorts, and: a
long list of Country Homes where board
for the Summer, can be secured at from
$6.00 to $8.00 per week.
Ticket offices, 650, Market St. (Chronicle
Building), and Tiburon. Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office. Mutual Life
Building, • Sansome and California . Sts.,
San Francisco.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt
H. C- WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. .Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Ridlns and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES..
One person In room, "small hotel".$10 per -week
Two persons in room, "small hotel". $1S per week
One- person in room, "cottages".'. .$11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages".. $20 per week
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL"....
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"...
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducement!! for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 10 Montsomery, or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery, at., or write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER. Highland Springs, Lake
Co.. Cal. .
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Will open on THURSDAY, MAY 1st
The finest sanitarium on the Pacific
Coast. New hotel, with every modern
improvement and convenience.
These famous waters and hot min-
eral and mud baths are a sure cure for
Rheumatism and Malaria.
Write for further information to '
Manager Byron Hot Springs, Contra
Costa County, Cal^^^Or call - on ¦ Lorn- ;,
bard & Co^r room 30. 36 Geary st., city.
PASOROBLESH
vvmm Nature's own selec-
r 4 ! l|V tlon for a health and
I Vl\ pleasure .resort be-
___^ , _ ¦_.__ cause of the curative
Hf5 A ¥ TH properties of its mud
J.1I. #-v 9 t X A A and sulphur baths for
rheumatism. - insom-
' -¦ A IVHl ' nla « Bout, neuralgia.
/\I>I1J llver.kidney and blood
* •¦ • diseases. Has every
T\T TC! A CTTTYG natural advantage for
PLEA^UKc gsr&gas:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKcI, S. F., A$L
t% I a w» a \g Water, Climate.
nil OIB V Scenery and Table
la I I KII I unsurpassed. Trained
»»^' e^ ¦ ' M a a r\ 8 d e i U^.
.^^ mm — 1^™^™^ — Hunting and Fish-
ing.
¦ ¦ 0* n Train leavea Thirl
11 ¦ 1 I »nd Townsend streets
H|l| at 9 a. m. and 2:43
1 1 U I - p - m - daUy -
m^ mmmmmmm For pamphlet an5
• rates address
SPRINGS *= S0H
Ul 15H)8UU Gilroy Springs, Cal
£TNA SPRINGS, NAPA CO.
FISHING, TENNIS. BILLIARDS,
HUNTING, CROQUET. POOL,
RIDING, GOLF, SWINGS.
DRIVING. DANCING, BASEBALL,
DONKEYS. SWIMMING,
SHUFFLEBOARD.
The park, comprising 800 acres, is interwoven
with miles of shady walks, where wild flowers
grow In ereat profusion: Address '.' --
EDWARD L. SANFORD. Manager.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 28 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 148
dee.. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases., neuralgia, liver, kidney . com-
plaints. • paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-stoi-y
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
Including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEARt!
Proprietor, i .
B California's prettiest mountain resort. Sourenlr 0
ft booklet free. B. Dickinson, Mgr., Ben Lomond B
£ p^y or Peck's Information Bureau, II Montg. 5
ORCHARD SPRINGSSsaSSff
C. P. R. R^ 136 miles from S» FrwelMo. N.«X PliV
ta California Iilul tomt. »rminds »nd tarramdiaes. IS I wZ£
S«d f.r booklet. OROHARD SPR1.NG3, Ccitu, CA.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell Mountain: . altitude 2000 feet* air
pure and dry: delightful family resort; dally
mail; croquet; reg/ bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds: $8 per week \Vr't<.
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE; AngwIiyCal.
AQUA CALIENTE
Also- known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry O r8
FvP- H ;, Immense swimming surface. Splendid
Ifft. feh^e ay ma a n n y d S^^S^
A'gta %ilenra, ™***h
¦ KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
Finest fishins. hunting and health
the coast. Climate perfJctToii Ktamath^tHrf a
Rates. $2 and $2 50 per daf- $io^ to , SU.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE
Purissima, San Mateo Co./ Cal. . P "
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO., Props.
H A £ B . I N SPRINGS-Most desirable In Lake
a I , Co. ; contain . sulphur, iron, magnesia and
S^h'^Mn^i?* 111 CU 5 ea ofrteumSfsm. ca-
tarrh. kidney, liver and stomach troubles- new
SSi^'lSm 110^ 1111 *,* 110 *' handbaU court and
|" Ua j d A? HAYsTpVo^." » Cketa - S - P - °* «<"-
II OTEL : DE '.. REDWOOD-Santa Crus Mts.
a ¦ Among the grand old trees; board $3 and
$10 a week; fare, return; ticket $2 50. Hi S
C P«* L 5 Ur o* Santa Cru * County, information
at Peck'i- Bureaus 10 Montgomery at.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| The Leading Whiskey I
I means that S
iL^^ y y ji s
M% Baltimore |
| |||y22§§ America's I
% g^^^jSa^fi^ It has attained its
l£ Rj j ,^,{,| jrf []*)7t~^ It i -' pHenomenal pop- %
fk V^Twii^f^^^'i ularity through z[t
% KJ^b -VJ''.'M.^;^^g * ts perfection in %
% 2?5SF££ WISI: ooioassios oo.. inc., ?
d- Telephone Main 87*. a
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
.Best NATURAL Alkalincj Water
1 ¦ ;
220 BROADWAY. N. T.
___ ___
& visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF ANATOMY^
0 ::r * y —^" 3T- tit. t± t7ti, S.r.bL £
\ , fST The LareostAcatomical Museum in Ihe \
0 «?«Tfe>k. Worid - or my comracird /J
r Vfc3 >?S7 «seaic paBitlvt-lrc-arndhTthr oldct X
$J /EJjsfl bpeo»!iit on the Coist. EsL^yeari. ©
A fl^^l OR. JOBBAH-CISEASES OF MEN A
A I €*J^5fi Conitultation free »nd stririly prinle. ¦.
W J Jfff£ L$ Triarroejit personally or by letter. A A
\ ft K Tl H e " Uimt <*«««ne»erj-ca*eUD<lerttken. \.
DPli llA Write for Book, PniLOHOPBYer /)
* if II* VAKHEACE. HAILED FREE. ( A.Y
1 (J t|- saleable book (or tan) . \
V DB JOBDO'ACO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. VThe week opened on a weak Butter market,
and while -there was j no pronounced decline
close buyers could fill their .wants at . small
concessions from the quotations ruling- last
week. For the finest creameries 20o is now a
price more or less difficult to obtain, though
it is .still being realized in a email way. As
previously' mentioned the commission merchants
have begun to pack, though against their will,
being forced to this course by. the steadily ac
cumulating stocks. . Receipts are | still heavy,
as will be seen. - ¦
Cheese remains as before, there being plenty
here for all current needs. . " . , •
The situation in Eggs remains the same.
There are large -lines of common and inferior
ranch on the market, and they are slow of sale,,
but real large- fine ranch are not overplentlfui
and are quoted very, steady and even firm at
the recent advance. - The exchange advanced
quotations to 14@16c for ranch, leaving ¦ store
unchanged at 13@14c per dozen.
'Receipts were 75,100 pounds, 4 bbls "and 215
tubs of Butter, 1652 cases of Eggs, 400 cases
of Eastern Eggs, 21,700 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 19c and occasionally
20c per pound for fancy, 18@18%c for firsts
and 17 %c for. seconds; dairy, 16@18c; store But
ter, 14@15c per- pound.
' CHEESK — New, 9@>10c; - old, 9@llc;' Young
America. 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound. -
EGGS — Raneh, 16%@17c for fancy and 14®
15c for. fair to good; store, 12%@14c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Mallnda Strawberries were very green and
muddy and sold slowly in consequence. Long
worths ¦ from Palo Alto, were In fair condition,
but' those from the river were jpoor and sold
at the. bottom quotation. Receipts were 73
chests Longworths, 55 chests and 63 crates of
Mailndas. .
. Small sizes of fancy Oranges continued to
sell well, both on the street and at the auc
tion, but large sizes were dull, and In the
open market some dealers were obliged to
shade -prices In order' to effect sales. At the
auction 7 cars were sold as follows : Fancy
Navels, $1 70@3; choice do, $1 25@2 55; stand
ards, (ir»c(-j($ 1.90; standard Seedlings. 70c@$l.
Lemons show no improvement and supplies are
continually stacking up. .Mexican .Limes were
quoted higher, as stocks were lessened consider
ably by the filling of back orders.
The movement in Apples was. fair for fancy
stock; but. the poorer quality of offerings
dr.agged.v- --..,- V-^---> •> r -— '¦¦¦•¦-¦
A 4-lb box. of Cherries, the 'first of the sea
ton, left Vacaville for the East last- Friday. . ¦
-.STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $8@13 per
chest; Mailndas, $3@0 per chest : and $125®
1 7.5..per crate: . • ' ....*.;..
APl'LES— *2@2 25 per box. for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and <;0cK$l for or
dinary; fancy from Australia. $2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1®1 75
for standard. *2®2 50 for choice and ' $2 60@3
for fancy- extra fancy, $.1 25^3 40: Seedllr/ss.
$1 25i02; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@2 50; Va
l«.-*ela.\ $2 75iJ3; • . Malta Blood i Oranges, if 2
@3; T'.ngerines, in . quarter boxes, 75c©$l
and ?-' 2501 50" in half boxes ; Lemons, 7Cc©
$1 • for common and $1 25@1 75 for good to
choice ahcl $2(82 '50 for fancy; Grane Fruit.' *l
@2 50, including seedless; Mexican Limes, $4 50
@5; Bananas, $2 25@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and 91 25@2 25 tor Hawallans; Pineap
ples. $3@4 per doaen.__
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
- FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and
10@13c for standard to fancy Modrparks;
Evaporated Apples, S®9c; sun dried, 5c;
Peaehes, B%@Syic;j Pears. U@9c; Plums, pitted,
ngtic: unpltted, l%@2%ct NectarlneB, 5%@6c
for red and 5%®6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for
black and 5Ms®Gc for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6Vi@6%c; 40-60's, 5®5V4c; 50-60's, 4%
<34%c; 00-70's. 4(S:4%c; 70-SO's, 3%@3%c; 80
90's, 3@3V4c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb. , ;
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6\i
@7%c; Loose Muscatels,* 6%c for 4-crown and
B%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5?ic;
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and 7©
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; .London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. ; / -¦¦ ¦-
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 11 %c: No.
2 '6%®7%c; No. 1- hardshell, 9c; No. 2 7c;
Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and (!@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5Q7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;' Filberts,
12@12V4c: Pecans, 11013c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@3.
• HONEY — Comb, Il<gl2c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
/BEESWAX— 27% ®29c per lb.
Dealers a-e talking of a further possible ad
vance in Hams, Bacon and Lard, to keep up
with Chicago. The market continues quiet,' as
the high prices are restricting the demand.'
CUKKU -MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb foi
heavy; 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
10c' for 'extra, light and. 16c for sugar-cured:
-Eastern BUgar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; Califor
nia-Hams, 13%@Uc; Mess: Beef. pj m 50 pei
bbl- extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $11@H 60;
prime Mess Pork, $15.50@16; "extra • clear, $23;
Mess, $18 SOOIU; Dry Salt^Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs'. Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%®14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at S%c per lb'foi
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels
pure, 12 Vic; 10-lb tins, 12%c;i5-lb tins, I2%c
3-lb tins. 12%e. . /"
< COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c;. thro
half-barrels, 10%c; : one 10%c; twe
tierces. 10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
¦ Hides, Tallow, Wool' and Hops:
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1 %c under \ quotations. Heavy i salted
Steers. lOtfc: medium. 9@9%Cj.lignt, 8@S%c;
Cow Hides. Dc for heavy and 8©S%c for llant
¦sSUreCa^c: Salted Kip ,8@8%c; Salted V&'f
I o@9%c; Salted Calf. 10c ; Dry Hides, 16c ; Culls'
14c • VDry KIP. 13c : Dry Calf, 18c ; Culls and
Brands. *16c^ Sheepskins..- shearlings, ;20@30c
each; short Wool, 3f.®60c each. r medium, 65©
75c ; long Wool. ¦-' 90c@$l .10 each ; Horse Hldef
salt. $2 75®3 for large and-$2 25@2 60 for rat.
dlum, $1 tor email and 50c for Colts; Horse
- Hld«s. ¦ dry, , $1 75 • for large/ $1 25©1 60 f or m "
j dlum, $1 . for small ; and 60c for Colts. - Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican.
'¦ 25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins—
{ Prime : Angoras, «5c; large and smooth, . COc;
J medium, 35c. " . • .--••..
' . TALLOW— No. ' 1 rendered ;6%@6c per lb;
1 No, 2, 4 V4@5c; grease.' 2%@3%c. : , • ,. - -. -"*
5 WOOL— Spring— Northern free, l4@16c; do
, defective. 13@l*c : Middle county free. 13@16c;
: do, defective, 12@13c; Southern,. 12 months, 9®
10c- do.. 7 months,'. 0@llc; Foothill, Il@i3c; Ne
: vada,'12®15c per lb. ' :
1 ¦ HOPS — 12@13c for fair and 14@15c per lb for
I good to 'choice. ' ; • ' • ' -. - - ¦
I "San Francisco Meat Market:
1 Hogs are firm enough at. the recent advance
. but the. market is .quiet, ,;owing to:.the high
prices. V.The "butchers : are, using -only, about
half • as many . as a ; month or so ago, and the
local : packers are doing very little. • . :
',: ,.;:,f* PRESSED MEATS.' , . • .
I Wholesale rates from slaughterers _to dealers
i are a« follows : • : - ', ~ ¦ .
1 . BEEF— 7@7V4c . for. Steers and , 6@7c . per • lb
1 °VEAL--Large,. 7H@8^c; small, -8H01Oc per
s pound, *'" , ¦**¦"¦ * "
-. ;v" MUTTON— ¦Wethers," 8%@9V4c; , Ewes. 8@8%c
.'- per.' lb.-' -".. '.'¦.' 'iT-": '" ¦""-¦"- '•' .''
i .--LAMB — Yearllngs,i 9@10c, per; lb;' -.Spring
= I Im. Illi] I I in 1 Hi7M«OTi^iiiWplOMfflll|MIBIjll
-/ ...CPORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per Ib. .*.v'
j ' ¦ "LIVESTOCK; MARKET.":*
The are for good sound
NEW YORK, Aprif 28.— Speculative interest
In etocks shared a considerable falling off to
day and the full day's transactions - reached a
million shares for the first time in two weeks.
The feverish activity which has characterized
the recent leadership of the market was decid
edly lacking. If the rather large dealings in
Reading be excepted. The tone of the market
was halting and uncertain and the movement
of prices was not uniform. The predominant
movement, while it failed to embrace the whole
list, itself changed a number of times during
the day. The failure of the conference of the
anthracite miners and operators to agree upon
terms on Saturday was a disappointment, and
the tcne of the comment of the parties to the
conference created a disagreeable impression.
The result was free selling of Reading in the
opening dealings, which affected the whole
market. This weakness was overcome by
strong advances In eome of the high-priced
coalers. The part played In the market by the
high-priced etocks. of which the floating supply
Is very email, was notable and their wide
movements resulted from a light volume of
trading. As the upward flight of Delaware and
Hudson and of New Jersey Central rallied the
Eeadtngs, so did the spurt In the Chicago and
Northwestern stocks give eome strength to the
grangers and Pacifies. St. Paul was lifted 2
points over last night and there were gains of
one to two points amongst the Southwesterns.
The gains were not well held, however, and
there were constant relapses when the market
««t allowed to become quiet. New York, New
Haven and Hartford was another of the high
stocks to more, but it saved only a point of
Its seven-point advance. Among the Indus
trials there were wide advances in Pullman.
International Power, American Express and
Pressed Steel Car preferred. Reports of rail
road earnings received during the day were
generally favorable and Included net earnings
Tor March of a number 'of systems. Colorado
Fuel and Tennessee Coal were bid ' up late In
the day as the local tractions bad been earlier,
but relapsed again without much effect en the
general market. The varying movement In the
grain market was reflected' from time to time
in the stock market, but not In a decisive way.
The-usually active industrials were 'quite gen
erally heavy. The reduction in the Calumet
and Hecla dividend depressed Amalgamated
Copper; Bugar was affected by lower, prices
for the refined product; Unlfed States Steel
seemed to reflect disapproval of the bond Issue
and United States ' Leather was affected by
realizing. The firmness of foreign exchange
reawakened discussion of probable gold exports,
but the money market was unaffected. ', ( The
market closed dull and easy. . ','¦'¦
The bond market was moderately active and
strong. Total sales, $4,045,000 ..
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. '.
v*;::;kew tork stock list.
Sales. Hlrh. L? ». Clo'ee.
Atchlson 18.100 82%. 81% K2
Atchison pfd 5,200 88 &8fc. SSli
Bait & Ohio 3,900 109^ 108% 108%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 400 Ofl 05 95
Canadian Pacific .. -7,400 .129H 12S'/i 128^4
Canada Southern . . 000 93^4 03 92 i! i
Chesap & Ohio ... 3,100 48% 4SV4 isL
Chi & Alton 500 37% 37»4 37
Chi & Alton pfd... 2<IO 76% 70% 76
Chllnd & Louis... 6,000 72% 70% 70U
Chi Ind & L pfd:.. 100 62 82 82
Chi & E Illinois .. 1OO 1(57 167 . lott
Chi &. G Western. 4.200 26%. 26% 26%
Chi & G W A pfd .... -88
Chi & G W B pfd.. - .100 40% 401,4 4«%
Chi & Northwestn. 7,700 2TO% 253% 250%
Chi R I & Pac... 1,700 175 174% 174%
Chi Term & Trens. ."00 21 . 2o% 21
Cfci Term & T pfd. 000 JK> 3S',4 38%
C C C & St Louis. 1.000 107 106%, 106 -
Colo Southern .... C.100 32 31% 31%
Colo South in PM. 100 74 74 " 74
Colo South '2d pf<5. »<!0 45% 45. • 45
Etela & Hudson... 16,300 18034 177 177«i
New York Stock Market
. Cash quotations were as' follows: Flour
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, '72@75%c; No 2
red, 83%i&84%cj No. 2 yellow corn. «3%c; No.
2 oats, 43%c; No. 2 white, 45<gil5%c; No 3
white, 44«,@45%c; No. 2 rye, 68V.C; fair' to
choice malting barley. CC@69c: No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 68; No. '1 Northwestern, $1 70; prime tim
othy seed. $7 25; mess pork, .per barrel, $10 80
©16 85; lard, f per 100 pounds, $10@10 07^. •¦"
short ribs sides (loose), $9 ,'{5@9 45; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). . 7%?t< %c; short clear -sides
(boxed). $9 95@10; whisky, basis of high wines
$1 30; sugars, cut loaf, $8 35. > ¦ ¦ . . :
Articles — , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............ 20,000 11000
Wheat, bushels 43,000 3H,000
Corn, bushels '. . .102,000 : . 523,000
Oats, -bushels .'....:. 123,000 238,000
Rye, bushels - 2,000 ' . .1,000
Barley, bushels ....'....'. . . 25,000 " .-' > 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 17@21c; dair
ies. 17©20c. * Cheese, steady; 12%@13c. Eggs
firm. 15%@15%c. .. ' ¦¦ . '- ',
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April ' 28.— CATTLE— Receipts,
18,000; elow, weak to? 10c lower. Good to prime
steers, $6 80@7 40{ poor to medium, $4 75^
6 60; stockers and feeders, $2 50®5 26;° ct>ws
$1 40@6; heifers, $2 50®6 15; canners', $1 40
@2 40; bulls, $2 60@5 60; calves, $2@5; Texas
fed steers,. $5 60<g<$ 50; ; Western steers. $5 50
@« 25, hay-fed. .
* HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30,000; . to-morrow
15,000; left over, 2500; market strong, 5c high
er. .Mixed and butchers', $6 80@7 27%; good
to choice heavy, $7 25(g>7 40; rough heavy, $« no
®7 15; Night. $6 70@6 95;sbulk of sales, $6 85
@7 13. --- ¦ •>"¦ ¦-¦:: - ' -¦¦ ' . .-:.':¦, -^.., ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, MCOOO; slow ; lambs slow
-Good to choice wtthers, $5 40@6; fair to choice
mixed, $4 .75@5 40; Western sheep,". $4 75@<j
native lambs, $4 75@G 65,. clipped; Western
lambs, $5 25@0 C5. -¦¦ ' '-"'/:*
.:"; .'"" ST.' : JOSEPH. "•""%,:-':
ST. JOSEPH/ Mo.; April '28.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 800: steady to • 10c lower. Native beef
steers, $5 25ffi7 25; v -coWs and heifers, ' $1 25®
0 25; veals, $3@5 30; stockers and feeders, $2
@5 25/ ¦ ' .¦ .-•.-¦ ¦ '¦• ¦¦ ¦-:• ¦¦-..¦.. -.
- HOGS— Receipts./ 3300; steady. ¦ Light r and
"¦light mixed, $7@7 25; medium and heavy. $7. 10
@7 30; pigs. $4 35@a- -; ,;>-. >. , t ». .-, ;- ; v
• SHEEP— Receipts, -,6200; steady to strong.
Lambs, steady to weak.- -Western lambs; $8 20
@7; Western sheep, $5.60@6 30. .... •
" New- York Market: \
NEW YORK, April" 28.— At London and New
York '- prices for tin were considerably, 1 higher.
LcniJon closed 15s '.higher'for • the" day. at £129
15s for spot and at £125 15s for futures.' New
York closed" • about 35 points • higher < with spot
»t $28 15@2S 35." •.:•';—- '¦; - ,'¦¦:¦''-
Copper was weak • and : lower " at New York
v/ith lake, on spot," at $11 75@12; r electrolytic,:
$ 11 00©ll' 75, , and casting $11 25@11 75. v j Stand- ',
EASTERN MARKETS.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 48 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
¦FORECAST. .
A Ftorm of some energy overlies Washington
and Oregon. The greater portion of the - storm
will probably move eastward over Idaho and
MorJL&oa, but a j>ortt<>n will probably move
southward over , the Sierras. High ¦ southerly
¦win is are reported at Eureka and southward
to Point Reyes. High southerly winds are also
reported in the Sacramento Valley and over
Nevada.
The temperature Is from 10 to 17 degrees be
low the normal in the Sacramento Valley; else
where in California the temperatures are nearly
normal. . . - .
Light rains have fallen over the northern
portion of the State with heavy rains In Men
docino and Humboldt counties.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
nouns ending midnight April 29:
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Tuesday with showers; brisk to high south
erly winds. »
Southern California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Tuesday, possibly showers; fresh southerly
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy unsettled weather Tuesday
¦with high southerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
•weather Tuesday with showers; brisk to high
southerly winds. .
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
CHICAGO, April 28. — Trade in wheat to-day
was only fairly active, 'though the frequent
chailge of the speculators made the tension
somewhat marked. . At the opening news of
general rains in all the principal wheat States
except Kansas started wheat; At .a. liberal de
cline from ; (Saturday's closing , '.prices.'..; The
Southwest' sold liberally and; helped hold prices
back. The situation for eome time seemed to
favor the bulls. Cables were higher, "primary
receipts were ¦ still light, showing rapidly, de
creasing stocks, and the Northwest "bought well
of cash stuff and started an advance, July ris
ing to 76%c. after opening %@%c lower- at
76%@75?ic. When reports of more -liberal
offerings m the Northwest and of rains In Kan
sas arrived, selling became general and ¦ July
BteadHy declined to 75c. The close was weak,
l@l%c lower,- at 75 %c. ' ¦¦•-•.
Trade in corn hinged on the action of the
leading bull crowd. Influential buying pre
vented this cereal from following the course
of wheat, when that market broke. July
closed fairly firm, %c down, at 63%c.
Interest in May oats relieved the monotony
of a quiet market and helped uphold the other
options. There was a disposition to keep out
of the market until the possibility of a corner
in May was- past. Closed firm, %c up, at
42%c for May. July (new) closed %&%c lower
at 87c - • \
The provisions : market was manipulated
again by packers to-day for higher prices. But
I on the whole most of the early gain was lost.
i July pork closed 2%c lower; lard 2%e up and
July ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
MONDAY. April 28—2 p. m.
, . . UNITED STATES BONDS. '^
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup...lll%112 4s qr c (new)139%139%
4s qr reg...lll%lll%l3s qr coup. .109%110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 90 — Oc SS Co 5s. 95 100
Bay CPC 5s. 107% 109 Omnibus 6s.— —
Cal-st 5s 118% — Pac G Im 4s. 97% —
C Costa. 5s.. 110% — Pk & CH 6s. 107 110
Ed L & P 6s — — Pk & OR 6s. 117 120
•Fer&C H 6s/ — 123 Pwl-st R"«s — - ,
Geary-st 6s. — — Sac EOR 5s.l04%105%
H C&S 5%s. — — SF &'SJV5s.l20% —
Do 5s .... — ¦-- — :; ClerraCal 6s.ll6 —
L Ang R 5s..ll8%119 S P of A 6s
LALCo6s.l03 105 (1900) 113%—'
. Do gtd 6s. — — " (1010) — 115%
Do gtd 5s.lO2%103 S P of C 6s
L A & P 6s. — (1905)Sr A.106%107
Do lem 5s.lO2% — . (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s 130 (1906) ....— 110%
Do lem 5s. — 121% (1912) ....119%121
N R of C 6s, 112 •¦'¦ — S P of C 1st
Do 5s 120% — c gntd 58.120 —
N PacC 5s.l09%110% Do stmpd.111% —
N R of C 5s. 114% — SP Br Cal 6s — 139%
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% S V Wat 6s.llO%lll%
Oak Trn 6s.l24 124% Do 4s 2dmlO3% —
DolstcSs."— 116 Do 4s Sdm — 102%
Oak W G 5s.l03%104% Stkn G&E6S.102 104
WATER STOCKS.- - .- v,- '.
Contra Costa 77% 78 Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co... 60 — Spring Val.. 91% 92%
; GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — [Pac Light ..45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% ! Sac E G&R. 35 —
Mutual . 3% 5 S F G t E. 45 45%
O G L & H. 01% 62 S F G L Co. 5%
Pac G Imp.. 39% — Stkn G & E. 8 — •
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.260 270 f
. \ : . ' ¦: BANKS. • --.-}1 ' : -\^- {
Amer B & T.106 110 First Natlonl — . —
Anglo-Cal ..00 00% L P & P....16S 170
California ..425 427 Mer Ex (llq)18% —
Cal Safe Dp.110% . — SF Natlonl. 140
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 2100 .Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — • — I Security Sav.340 390
Mutual ¦ Sav. 80 — Union ,Trst. 1830 —
S F Sav U.525) — I
STREET RAILROADS, i
California ..174 182% Market 100 —
Geary ...... — 60 Presidio .... 35 —
POWDER.
Giant 79 79%'Vigorlt 8 —
SUGAR.. '.. r
'Hana ....... 3% 4% Kilauea ••¦• — , 9^3
Hawaiian .. 8Ji — Makawell ... 23% 24
Honokaa ... 10% — Onomea ..... 25 . — '
Hutchlnson . 12 12% Paauhau ... — 12Vi
- MISCELLANEOUS. '
Alaska Pack.150%160 Pac A FA... 2% —
Cal Fruit As.102 103 - Pac C Borx.165 _^- .
Cal Wine As. 101 " — Par Paint... 19 —
Oceanic S Co 31 \ 35
. • ; - ; ' Morning Session.
Board—' '
45 Alaska Packers" Assn 169 00
10 Cal Wine Assn .j 101 00
30 Hutchinson S P Co....... .12 12%
25 Makawell :. 24 00
' 75 Makawell ': 23 8<%
• 125 Pacific Gas. Imp ..: 40 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. .......... 45 37%
$5000 Sao Elec Gas & Ry 5s, cash 105 00
S5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s ....121 00
$1000 Oakland Water 6s r. ... .104 25
. ¦¦ .Street — "¦ ¦'•
$1000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry... 105 00
Afternoon Session.
• ¦ Board — \ . ¦ -
¦ 25 Alaska Packers" Assn 159 25
6 Alaska Packers' Asen .159 50
10 Giant Powder Con 79 SO
. 15 Giant Powder Con 79 25
10 Hutchlnson S P Co...... J2 12%
40 Hutchinson S P Co.:............ 00
60 Pacific Gas Imp. ............... 40 00
10;8 F Gas & Electric Co 45 12%
10 S'P Gas & Electric Co.. 45 25
$1000 Los Angeles-Pac R R Co 103 75
.- 'Street — .¦ • ' ¦ •'¦ '¦ . :
Alaska Packers' Assn 159 00
20 Contra Costa Water 77 37%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
. ' Morning Session.
Board— ' u :
100 Home .... •••, 3 65 .
1000 Petroleum Center. ......; 13
1000 Reed Crude, a 10 .^.... 33
: . :,/ Afternoon Session. . ' . . ¦ ¦
•' ' Board— - - . .; .' .
. 100 Claremont - 24
2000 Junction : 20
25 Peerless .N...... ~. :.'...'. 7 25 1
2400 Sovereign ........*........:...... 34 /
100 Sterling ....................;..... 1 57%
MINING STOCKS,
Following were the sales In the Tsan. Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange . Board yesterday:
- - Morning Session. . ••!. ;>
1000 Belcher :.~..\ 11 500 Occidental ... 14
•• 500 Best & Bel.. 29 200~Ophir ...170
300 Challenge .... 20 600 Ophlr .V......1 65
700 Chollar 24 500 Overman .... 27
700 Con C & V..1 55 300 Potosl'....... 32
• 500 Crown Point:. 09 300 Potoel ....... 34
500 Exchequer ... 01 100. Potosi .... . . . 35
200 Gould & Curry 09 600 Sierra Nevada 28
200 Hale & Nor. . 23 100 Union Con .T.t- 20
300 Mexican...... 60 100 Union Con ..28
• 1100 Mexican :.."... 59 1000 Utahv. ....... ftl
- 200 Mexican '...:.-, 68 4Q0 , Yellow Jacket ¦ 14
... Afternoon Session. 4
100 Belcher ...... 11 1500 Mexican , > 63
.100 Best & Bel... 21* .200 Occidental ..; "16
¦800 Best & Bel..'. .28 500 Ophir- :..... .1 75
300 Caledonia 50 500 Ophlr :.i.~:.:.l 80
.'300 Caledonia .... 51 000 Ophlr .......1 90
1000 Chollar 21 250 Overman '.... 24
;350 Con C &-V...1 60 100 Potosl 39
600 Crown Point.". " 09 COO Sierra Nevada 30
; 650 Gould & Curry :O7 900 Union Con.... '30
100 Hale & Nor. . 22 300 Union Con ... 29
300 Justice- :..T;. 07 100 Utah,*.:...... 05
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
MONDAY, APRIL 2S.
James J. and Catherine Terry to Charles
Schlesinger, lot on 8 .line of Green street, 84:8
W of Polk. W 25 by 3 117:6; $10. • -
Herbert E. and Grace W. Uw to Henry E.
Bothln lot on NE corner of Chestnut street
and Van Ness avenue. E 109*>y N 137:8: $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Chestnut
street, 109 E of Van Ness avenue, E 20 by N
137:6 quitclaim deed: $10.
John W. and Hannah McDonald to John A.
Whelan Cpmpany (a corporation), lot on N
line of Vailejo street. 125 W of Van Nesa ave
nue. W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Mary J: Hatman to Peter Boragnl, lot on N
line of Filbert street, 133 E of Gough, E 25:3
by N 155: $10.
Nathan and Sarah Diamond to John Breuner.
lot on S line of Geary etreet. 204:5ft W of
Franklin, W 0:4% by S 120: $10.
Elizabeth Hammersmith to Marx Blum, lot
on E line of Fillmore street. 82:6 N of Post,
N 25 by E 93; $10.
E. Avery McCarthy to Margaret Coyna, lot
on S line of Vailejo street. 92:6 W of Steiner,
"W 35 by S 137:6; $10.
Alfred and Katharina W. Olson to Carl W.
Lindgren lot on 'E line of De Long avenue,
275 S of "Waller street. 3 25 by E 80; $3600.
Amelia Fatjo to John C. Meyer, lot on N
line of Fell street, 28 W of Masonic avenue,
; W 25 by N 100; $10. ' - *
Batrd Estate (a corporation) to Charles E.
Parks lot on E line of Clayton street, 60:6
N of Halght, N 27 by E 100; $10.
Julia M. Thornton to Mary E. Sepulveda, lot
on S line of Waller street. 84:4% W of Cole,
W 25 by S 75; $10.
H. E. and Mary A. Huntlngton to Metropoli
tan Railway Company,- 4ot on X line of Carl
street, 100 W of Willard. W 25 by N 137:6; $1.
Christina V. and Alfred Howkins to Edward
P. Danforth, lot on S line of Washington street,
87:6 E of Laurel. E 25 by S 102:8*4; $10.
I Delta Farley to Patrick Farley, lot on S line
of Turk etreet. 175 B> of Willard, E 35 by 3
63:9; $5.
Pauline W. Porter to Margaret C. Porter,
lot on S line of Liberty street. 205 E of San
chez E 50 by S 114; also lot on N line of
Grove street, 82:6 E of Polk. E 30 by N 120;
also lot on NW corner of Thirteenth avenue
and N street. N 50 by W 120, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Margaret Cooney- (widow) to Daniel F. Sul
livan, lot -on S line j of Henry street, 130 E
of. Castro. E 25 by S 115; $1800.
Guatav Schler to Amelia Schler (wife), lot on
N line of Twenty-fourth street, 60 E of York,
E 25 by N 104; gift.
Catherine Felvey (administratrix estate
Lawrence Felvey) to C. A. Doyle and W. A.
Pryal, lot on W line of Harrison street. 350
S of Twenty- iourth, S 50 by W 112:6; $2100.
C. A. Doyle and W. A. Pryal to William
and R. E. Splaine, same; $10. . * "
John Rellly to Hannah Rellly, lot on S line
of Day etreet. 55 E of Church, E 23 by S 114;
gift
Margaret Donahue to Patrick ¦, and Mary
Campion, lot on N line of Duncan street. 124
E of Church. E 24 by N 114; $10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Jessie M. Plevin, -lot on E line of Eureka
street, 113:8 N of Eighteenth. E 123 by N
25; $10.
Alfred J. and David Rich and, A. J. Rich A
Co. to J. E. Adams, lot on SE . corner of
Kearny and Bush streets, S 23:6 by E 68:9,
quitclaim deed: 910.
Adolph Brizzolara to Angelo.L. Brtzzolara,
lot . on E line of Wetmore place, 112:6 3 of
Washington street. S 25 by E 56; $10. < .
A. J. Rich to Sarah Rodgers (single), lot on
SE corner of Butter and Taylor streets, S
45:10 by S 81:8; $10. :•"¦•-
Edwin G. and Julia E. Olsen . to Henry
Kahn, lot on NHine of Pine street. 60 B of
Hyde, E 77:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Loretta -and Henry Macdonald to C. EV~
Humphrey * lot on N line of California . street.
75 E of Larkln. E 25 by N 70:10; $10. •, -
1 Robert R. Provinea to Joae Costa, lot on
NW line of Mission street, 312:6 NE of Fifth,
NE 25 by NW 90; $10. - | -
Thomas P. and Francis E. Burns to Joseph
O'Neill Jr., lot on NW line 'of Minna street.
415 SW of Third. SW 20 by NW TO; $10.
Andrew D. and Rosa Passalacqua to Eugene
G McCarty lot on NE line of Geneva street,
175 8E of Brannan. SB 24 by NE 100; $10.
Estate of James NoonaiV (by P. Boland.'-ad
ministrator) to John 9. and Jane Purffeir, lot
on SW line of Folsom avenue. 250 SB of Fol-.
som street, also 182:6 NE of Eighth, 8E 25
'by SW 62:6: $1710.
Pacific Land Association and Clinton C.
Trlpp to Helena Moncken. lot on W line of
Florida street, 279 N of Napa," N 60 by W
100, quitclaim deed: $5.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Oscar R McGee and William N. Canfleld. lot
on E line of Eleventh -avenue. 125 N of I
street. N 25 by E 120; $10.'
Same to S S. Reed and Max P. Braseh.
lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 100 N of I
street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Robert W. Anderson to Elizabeth Edwards,
lots 1 2 and 50. block 2.1, Lakevlew; also lot
on B' line of Fcrty-slxth avenue. 175 S of
S street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Btrilders' Contracts.
R J O'Brien, (owner) with Jamea.L. Wil
son " (contractor), plaas by owner — All wort
except plumbing for a two-story frame build- ,
in? (four flats) on EJine of Folsom street, be- |
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth; $3850. t
Milton H. Landers (owner) with A. T. Mor
ris- and 'Frank Pegel (contractors), plans by
owner— All work-excrpt mantels, gas fixtures
and shade3 for a two-story and basement frame
building on W line of Second avenue. 100.8
of Clement street. S 25 by W 120; $4100.
. O Traversaro (owner) with Richard Cook
(contractor), plans by- owner — Alterations and
additions to frame. building on E line of FU>
more street between ' Sacramento and Clay, '
Nos. 2214 and 2214% Ftllmore; $2000.
A. Schilling , '& : Co. (owners) with "Western
Iron Work3* (contractors). Kollofrath & Deane
architects — Steel and wrought Iron work for a
two-story office building and conservatory on
SE corner of- Second and Folsom street v NE
275 by SE 275; $1600.
- Schusaler Bros, (owners) with Holler & Sasa
(contractors), architect A.* J. Barnett — 3 tor?
fixtures and office partitions In store 121 Geary
street: ?208O,
G. L-PagB (owner) with Electrical Engin
eering Company -(contractors). Martens <fc,Cof-.
fey: architects — One direct , electric - passenger
elevator for. a five-story frame building on PW
corner of .Turk and Leaven worth street3, S 87 :C :
by. W 37: 6;. $2725. . . .
¦¦• Same owner . with Frank Coghlan * (contrac
tor), architects same — Lathing • and plasterlnj
for. same oa same; $1995.
itHiHiinriiiHiiiiiiliiiiiliiiiiil ArtTiminrDTfflrMBHfBrl
¦' Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days. ..... — : $4 86%
Sterling Cables, sight. — -' 4 88% '
Sterling Cables ...........;.... — 480>i
New York Exchange, sight...... . . — -.15
New York Exchange, telegraphic . — . ¦ 17%
Silver, per ounce..: : — • , 51%
Mexican Dollars, nominal....... ¦—'; 45%
. Wheat and Other Grams. '.
WHEAT— The English and French markets
were steady to firm, cargoes on passage being
quiet. The world's, shipments for the 'week
were as follows, in quarters: Russian, 220.
000; Danublan, 102,000; Argentine, 170,000; In
dian, 23.000. - --. . . .;
The American visible supply • decreased
3,833,000 bushels.' The Chicago market opened
tame and easier and declined lc. The weather
was cloudy with showers In the Southwest and
good rains in the Ohio and Mississippi valleys.
The rains have completely changed the aspect
of the crop during the past week and it Is now
said that all danger to the crop is past. Kan
sas, however, has suffered, irreparably, and the
president of the Kansas Grain Dealers' Asso
ciation says that the • State cannot raise over
30,000,000 bu3hels. and- that ' the ' growth is
small. There is also a large decrease in acre
age In the Northwest, and a heavy miller wires
that the Red River Valley will decrease one
third. The Chicaso decline. was due to local
stop-order selling and a bear raid at St. Louis.
Commission houses with Southwestern, connec
' tlons-.wew- the— principal* se»l«*a,-~but,A ;'-* good
cash business "was reported impending. . New
York reported large Continental orders in. hand
at %c under the market. ¦ • - ; • -. • • •
This market was quiet . and not materially
changed. -' . ¦¦. • .. ¦•
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 11%@1 12%; mill
ing. $1 13%@1 15-per cental....
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
6000 ctls, $1 08% ; j 2000, $1 03% ; , . May— 2000,
$1 11%. ' • ' . '.-.-¦
Second Session— May-^-40C0 ctls, $111%; De
cember—2000, $1 08% ; 4000, $1 08%.
• Regular Forenoon Session— May — 2000 ctls,
$111; 8000, $111%. - -
Afternoon Session — May — 20,000 ctls, $1 11;
December— 14,000, $108%; 14.000, $108%.. . .
BARLEY— The market showed very little
change. : The railroad rate of 50c per ctl from
California terminals to : Eastern points, expir
ing May 1, was extended to run through , the
whole month of May, and this" affords an op
portunity for additional shipments to the East.
There is a fair demand in the interior for this
account, but the local market continues quiet.
Feed, 92%@05c for. No. 1 and 90@91%c for
oft grades; brewing and shipping grades, • 95®
97%c; Chevalier, $1@1 20.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. 77 %c.
Second Session— 4000 ctls, 77%c. ' ' ¦ "¦ '
Regular Forenoon Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. . : .
: OATS — Continue quiet and unchanged, with
ample offerings for the limited cash demand.' '
Grays, $1 30Q/1- 40;- whites, -$1 30&1 45; Sur
prire, $1 4O<5>1 45; black, $1 12%®l 32%: red,
$1 80©l 42% per ctl. - .'
CORN — While the market continues inactive
the tone Is firmer, and all kinds are held higher
than heretofore. White is scarce.
Large Yellow, $137%@147%; small round
do, $1 45@1 55: White. $1 50@l 60.
RYE! — 90@i)5c per ctl. .'
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, \ $3 : 50:9
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3'fi0;
Oregon. 52 75®3 25 per barrel for. family and
|3@3 50 : for Bakers' ; j Washington Bakers', S3
@'i 50. ¦¦"-• X •¦' .
MILL8TUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount ¦• to the trade: : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs:. Rye Flour. $3: Rye Meal
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal; $3 25! extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy. $4©
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 GO; Whole • Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7.35@9- in
sacks, $0 S5@8 60; Pearl Barley, |6 GO; Split
Peas, $5 30; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. -¦
Hay ana\ FeedstufTs. . A
• The situation remains unchanged,, Bran ant
Middlings being firm and. Hay weak. At tht
same time the movement in Hay, is very fair
and dealers think' that the carry-over -into th<
next season will be smaller than expected som«
time ago.-- ¦> : • > . ¦
BRAN — $17 50@18 : per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 60<&21 50 per ton. .."
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@i21*B0 pel
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@28; jobbing
J26C0@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@2l; Corn Meal
$2li@29 50; ' Cracked -Corn, $20 50@;i0; • Mlxec
Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal. $20 60.' ¦
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat -and Oat
>8 G0®U: Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@ll; ClO
vor, $7@9;^Volunteer, $0 50@S 60; Stock, $«@:
per- tort. . !•¦' • :,-¦ ¦ ...
STRAW— 40@65c p*r bale. . , ..' : v .. . .
'¦¦ ,\ Beans arid Seeds.
' Beans continue In' demand for Eastern ship
ment, and whites, .which" a short time ago'wer
the most depressed ' descriptions in the market
are now the firmest, l being In active ; deman<
for , the East." -.;• This demand, according to loca
shippers,' is eft used by an advance in the Eas
and the recent decline here, which enables u
to ¦ ship to Eastern points. Prices continue . t
rise.' , ¦'.''¦ ¦- '.—•¦•'¦•• - : --'' - -¦ : ". - ' ?.i . ¦' •
; . BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 65; v small- White
$2 25@2 40;; large White, $2 25<8>2 40; Pea, -$3fi
3 60; -Pink. •$2@2 ,15: Red,, $2 50; Blackey*
$4 60® i 75; Llmas, $3 50@3 60; Red Kidneys, $
per-ctl.- ¦»•- . ¦¦''•-¦' -;¦--?."',;-. ¦.¦.,¦¦. *¦-. ., -•
« SEEDS — Trieste- Mustard, $2 50®2 65- Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; . Flax. ., $2 25&2 60
Canary. 8%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah
icy. @ll%c; -California, lO@10%c;, Rape, l«s
2%c; Hemp, 3%c*perlb. - , ;. .-•
/DRIED PE AS— Niles, $1 6002 ; Green.' $16
fit2; ; Blackeyc, nominal. ,,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables;
. There, was! a" steady ; demand .for", choice Ore
gbn . Burbanks ¦ antt- the, market- was . firm . at- th
advance noted. : Four cars came In by rail an
the steamer; from. Coos Bay brought about 200
sks.'v The demand for seed Burbanks continue
brisk and c fancy: stock was : higher. • Good larg
New Potatoes, sold, promptly at the ' top ' quota
tlon." buf small stock, was, rather- slow. . . :„
- ' ' There : were,- no fancy/ Oregon Onions off er jn
1 out .' of ' the first hands * and the quotations 5 ar
nominal. : : Australians were jobbing at the quo
tatlons iandi onescar :,' of /Nevadas •'- came - Ir
Eight s sacks . of - new , Onions " ¦ were i. ' receive
from' Stockton ¦•* and sold at--:2c'. per Jt
t*i flBiW Win MITr*TTTiiinir^fflllfiMn l^""* a^™—*' g^1'
SEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by . Bolton De Ruyter & Co. :
Common stock, $26 50@26.75; preferred, $62 50
@62 75; 4 per cent bonds, ; subscriptions,
$102 60^102 75,
. The activity in mining shares was reported
due to favorable reports from the leading north
end mines.
All stocks were dull on the morning sessions,
and prices remained about the same. Alaska
Packers sold at $159.-
In the afternoon Alaska Packers sold up to
$159 50.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 05 200 Mexican 53
600 Belcher 11 200 Mexican 66
800 Best &• Belch. 23 500 Ophlr 1 65
20O Chollar 23 800 Ophlr 167%
200 Chollar 21 400 Ophlr 1 55
1000 Chollar 20 200 Ophlr 1 52Vj
800 Con C & V... 150 500 Overman .... 2«
600 Con C & V.I 52% 500 Overman ...... 27
. 300 Con C & V..1 55 500 Potosl 33
200 Con C & V.I 57% 450 Sierra Nevada 28
500 Con C & V..X 60 700 Union Con.... 29
200 Gould & C... 08 400 Union Con ... 30
800 Gould & C... 07 400 Union Con 27
200 Justice 08 300 Yellow Jacket > 14
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 28 600 Mexican 64
500 Bullion : ict 500 Mexican 65
500 Caledonia ....' 65 200 Mexican ..... 61
200 Caledonia .... 51 200 Mexican 62
200 Caledonia .... 52 200 Ophlr 1 70
600 Chollar 22 300 Ophlr ......1 72%,
300 Chollar 21 300 Ophlr 175.
300 Chollar 20 200 Ophir 1 8O
100 Con C & V...1 55 600 Overman .... 25
100 Con C & V.I 52% 300 Overman .... 24
400 Con C & V.I 67% 200 Potosl 1 70
550 Con C fc V..1 60 200 Potosl 1 T2%
600 Con C & V..1 65 200 Sliver Hill... 49
200 Hale & Norc. 22 500 Union Con... 29
1200 Mexican 60 300 Union Con ... 23
700 Mexican 63 500 Utah 04.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April 28—* p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Aslc.
Alpha 02 03 Justfce 07 08
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash... — 04
Belcher 10 11 Mexican 6d 60
Best & Belch 27 2S Occidental ... 15 18
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 1 75 1 8O
Caledonia 51 52 Overman .... 24 25
Challenge Con 19 20 Potosl .....*.. 36 38
Chollar 19 20 Savage 15 IS
Confidence ... 62 65 Scorpion — 04
Con C & V...1 65 1 60 Seg Belcher.. — 03
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 27 2S
Con New York 01 02 Sliver Hill... 4S 50
Crown Point.. 09 10 St Louis .... — 08
Eureka Con.. 18 —Syndicate — 08
Exchequer •¦• — 01 Union Con.... 28 29
Gould & Curry 06 07 Utah 04 06
Hale & Norc. 22 24 Yellow Jacket 13 14
Julia — f 04
Flour, qr sks... 21,207iWool, bales .. 6781
Wheat, ctls 9,290IFoed. sks ..... 180|
Barley, ctls .... 12,1801 Shorts, sta .... 2ak
Oats, ctls ..... 450 Tallow, ctls.... 210
Corn, ctls . 1,065 Pelts, bdls .... 225
Potatoes, sks .. 1,860 Hides, no ....... 410
Onions, sks ... 294 Wine, gals .... 52,200
Bran, sks • . ¦ 650 Leather, rolls ... 59
Middlings, sks . 421 Raisins, bxs . . . 750
Beans, sks .... 921 Lime, bbls 91
Hay, tons .... 335| Sugar, ctls .....) 2,000
WASHINGTON.
Potatoes, sks .. 928!
OREGON.
Flaxseed, sks.. 300|FIour, qr sks... 6,464
FOR MONDAY, APRIL 28.
Receipts of Produce.
/ ; Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated, apples are in moderate supply
and pretty firm In tone. Jobbing trade is fair
and considerable interest Is noted for "prime
fruit. The prices are unchanged. I State, com
mon to sood,'7@8%c: prime, 9%@9%c; choice,
9%<ffl0c: fancy, 10%<f lie.
Prunes are steady i n tone of for Jobbing
account a fair business Is reported for large
Sizes. Old fruits slightly in buyers' favor.
. Apricots and peaches are steady and In de
mand by jobbers. '•
PRUNES— 3%@0%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, boxed, 10%@13%c; bags
10612c. .
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled 9@llc
NESV YORK, April 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1S.098 barrels; exports, 2962 barrels; dull and
barely steady. * ' ¦ . ' •
WHEAT — Receipts, 428,427 bushels; exports,
72.528 bushels; spot, easier. ¦ No. 2 red. 87%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 87%c f. b. b. afloat; No.'l
Northern Duluth, 83%c f.. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 86%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easier because of rains in the South
west. A rally on the big visible supply de
crease at noon was succeeded by extreme late
weakness under selling. Closed weak at %c
ne< decline. May, 80%@81%c. closed 80%e;
July, 80U@81 l-16c, closed SO%c; September,
7S) : ii@80%c, closed 79%c; December. 81%®
62iic. closed 81%c. " . ' '
HOPS— Firm:
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL — Firm. ,
- COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
3%c; mild, dull; Cordova. S%@12c. Futures
market closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points
higher. Total sales, 56.000 bags, including:
May. 4.80@4.85c; June, 4.90@4.95c; July. 5.00c;
September, 5.20<5j5.2*>c; October, 5.25@5.35c;
December, 5.40@'5.45c; ¦ January, 5.50c; March,
5.6r-4?5.70c. . • '
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 2%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 27&c:
refined, steady; No. 6, 4.10c; No. 7. 4.05c; No.
8. 3.05c; No. 9, 3.90c; No. 10, 3.85c; No. 11,
3.60c; No. 12, 3.80c; No. 13. 3.75c; No. 14.
3.75c: standard A, 4.50c; confectioners' A.
4.50c; mold A, 5.05c; cut loaf, 5.20c; crushed,
5.20c; powdered, 4.80c; - granulated,. 4.80c;
cubes, 4.05c. \^
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 28—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of eanie date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours : ¦ . ¦
Weather Report.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.C8 4S.29 45.66
Red Bluff 0.02 30.51 23.06
Sacramento 0.00 16.74 IT. 80
San Francisco....... 0.00 17.84 19.15
Fresno 0.00 6.76 10.39
Independence 0.00 4.29 5.81
Fan Luis Obispo 0.00 21.93 27.87
Loe Angeles 0.00 . 10.58 14.18
San Diego Q.qq 6.11 10.60
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
r,:<: minimum, 48; mean. 54.
The following maximum and minimum Tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 60-4C [Kansas City 70-46
Cincinnati 68-50 'Duluth ..1 66-46
Philadelphia 64-50 Omaha ..[ 72-62
Jacksonville 82-U2! Chicago 72-52
"Washington C8-40 St. Louis 64-50
New York OO-4iij5alt Lake City... 72-52
Dela Lack & West. tfoo 290 . 289% 287
Denver & Rio G.. 300 44 43% 43%
Denver & R G pfd. 300 92 92 91%
Erie 13,000 39% 39>i 'U%
Erie 1st ofd ...... 1.000 70»i , 70 70%
Erie 2d pfd 500 65% 55 55%
Great -North pfd.. 1,900 187»i 185% 187
Hocking Valley ... 6,300 85 84 84%
Hacking Val pfd.. 600 91% 91% 91%
Illinois Central ... 5,700 149^.148% 148%
Iowa Central 3,100 50% 49 49%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 90% 88% 89%
Lake Erie & W... 500 08% 67% OTft
Lake E & W pfd. 100 130 130 128
Louis & Nash ... 0.200 129% 127% 127%
Manhattan L 9,200 136% 135% 135%
Metropolitan St Ry 4,200 153% 152% 152%
Mexican Central .. 3,000 29% 29 * 29
Mexican National.. 1,400 20 10% 19%
Minn & St Louis... 2,600 114% 112% 113%
Missouri Pacific .. 9.600 101% 100% 100%
M K & Texas ... 6,200 26% 25% 26
M K & Texas pfd. 17,100 57% 66 00ft
N J Central 3.200 196 192 194
N Y Central 40,700 163% 162 1(52
Norfolk & West... 5,350 59% 58% 58%
Norf & West pfd.. 100 00% 90% 90
Ontario & West... 5.400 35% 34% 34%
Pennsylvania 53.400 153% 153% 152%
Reading... 94,400 68% C5% 67%
Reading 1st pfd... 4,300 87 86% v 86%
Reading 2d pfd... 19,700 73% 71% 72%
St L & S F 700 70 69 69
St L & S F let pfd S. 83%
8tL4SP2d pfd. 200 73% 73% 73%
Bt Louts S W . 200 29% 29% 28%
St Louis S W pfd. 800 C2 60% 61%-
St Paul 44,900 171% 169% 170%
Bt Paul pfd 500 192% 192 191%
Southern Pacific .. 16,400 67% 67 • 67
Southern Railway. 17,300 " 37% 37 ¦• 37
Southern ; Ry pfd.. 1.400 i 96%" 96% 96%
Texas & Pacific. .. 9.600 44 43% 43%
Tol St £..& West. 300 23% 23 23
Tol St L & W pfd. 3.100 41% 40% 43%
Union Pacific .. 26,500 105% 104% 104%
Union Pacific' pfd.. 500 &S% 87% : 87%
Wabaeh 8,200 27 26% 26%
Wabash pfd 6,300 45% -45% 43%
Wheel & Lake Erie 300 21% * 21% 21%
W & L E 2d pfd... 600 34% 3i% 34%
Wisconsin Central. 3,700 27% 20 20%
Wis Cent pfd • 800 49% 49 49
Ex^refcs Companies —
Adams 205 ¦
American 200 234% 234% 230
United States .... 120
Wells .Fargo 210
Miscellaneous — ¦ •
Amalgmat Copper.. 19.600 66% 65% 66
Am Car & Foundry 4.200 30% 30% 30%
Am C & F pfd 300 91% 91% 91
AnvLinseed Oil.... 900 25%. 25 "25
Am Lin Oil pfd . 54
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2,600 44% . 43% 43%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 500 96% 96% 95%
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 114 114 112
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 48.100 72% 69% 71
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 62.200 110% 107% 108%
Consolidated. Gas.. 5.300 229- -227 227
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 1,000 124 124. 122%
General Electric... 1,300 320% 326% 326%
Hockinir Coal 100 21 21 21
Internatnl Papfcr 21%
Internl Parer pfd.. 75
Ihterhatnl Power... 800 198% 194- 198%
Laclede Gas .. :.ji .... 89
National Biscuit:.." 400 CO 50 50
National 'Lead.... . 40j0. I X9 J. 18%i J9 i
NationalSalt pfd.. ' P9%
North American... 2,300 132 130 131%
Pacific Coast.. ..... .... .... 66
Pacific Mail ....... - 43
People's Gas... 1,600 104% 104 104%
Pressed Steel Car.. 13,700 46% 44 46
Pressed S Car pfd. 4.200 89 88% 87%
Pullman Pal Car.. 1.6O0 24!H 239% 245
Republic Steel 2,200 lfl% 19 19%
Rehifblic St(fel pfd. 500 "75% "75 : 75
Sugar 5,400 125% . 124 124%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 19.700 73%' .73% 75V,
Union Bae & P Co. . 2,700 17% * 16 159*
Union BAP Co pfd 80
U S Leather.. 29.600 14% 33% 13%
U S Leather pfd... 6,200 80 85 8t%
U S Rubber 200 18 18 17%
V H Rubber pfd. . . . ." 5S%
U S Steel 24.100 41 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd J9.100 94% SU-% 93%
Western Union 1.400 92% 92% 92%
Am Locomotive -35.700 3«% 35% 36
Am Locomot pfd... 13,100 100 08% 99%
K C Southern • 700 26% 2« 2fi
K C Southern pfd.. 800 • 60% CO \.W
Total . Bales. ... .1.021.500 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO9%]L & N Uni 4s.. 102%
Do coup 1O9U Mex Cen 4s 04
Do 3s reg 108% TK> 1st lnc 44%
Do coup ......109% Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
Do new 4s rig. 138 Mo K & T 4s 101
Do coup 139% Do 2ds ..,. 84
Do old 4s reg.. 111% N Y Cen Ists 104
do coup 111% Do gen 3%s....lO9,
Do 5s reg 107% N J Cen srfn 5s..l40 v
Do coup 107 • Nor Pacific 4s. .. 105%
Atch.gen 4s 104% Do 3s 74%
Do adjt 4s.... 94% Nor & W con 4s. 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Read Gen 4s..... 99%
Do 3%s 96% 8 L & I M con 5s. 116
Do conv 4s 109 S L & San F 4s. 99
Canada So 2ds...lO9 St L S W Ists... 100%
Cen of Ga 5s 112% Do 2ds .*. 86%
do 1st lnc N7% S A & A P 48... 90%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lG8'? V> Taciflc 4s 95%
Chi & Alton 3%a. H45; 'o Railway 5s... 122%
C B & Q new 4s.. 96k Tex & Pac lsts..ia)%
C M & S P g 4p..115% Tol S L & W 4s.. 83%
C &-N-W con 7s. 136% Union Pacific 4s;105%
C R I & P 4s.... 112 Do conv 4s.... 109
C C C & S L % 4sl0i% Wabash Ists ....120 ¦
Chi Term 4s . 89 Do 2ds v . 110%
Colo & So 4s.... 95% Do deb B...... 77
Den & n G 4s... 104% W r est Shore 4s... 113%
Erte prior lien 4s. 100% W & L Erie 4s.. 93
Erie General 4s. . -83 ¦ Wls Cen 4s 95'
F W & D C 1st:. 115% Con Tob 4s £8
Hocking V 4%s..lll% •.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ... ...1 15
Alice 5* Ontario 8 25
Breece ....". ... 5< Ophlr ...135
Urunawlck Con ... IF Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl 25
Con Cal & Va I 31 Savage - 05
Dead wood Terra... Ti Sierra Nevada .... 10
Horn Silver ...... 1 V Small Hopes ... 45
Iron Silver 1 4( Standard ........ .340
Leadvllle Con .... CI
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do pfd 03%
Call loans 3%@4 Westlnghse com.. 113
Time loans '...4 04% Mlnins — ,
Bonds — ¦ Adventure' '..'. ... 2t
Atchlson 4s ....:iO2% Allouez .... 3%
Gas Ists ....... 87 Amalgamated ... 65%
Mexican Cen 4s.. .82 Bingham ... .... 35%
N E Gas & Coke. 55% Calumet & Hecla.540 .
Railroads— Centennial 18%
Atchlson ... .... 81% Copper Range ... 59%
Do pfd ... • 98% Dominion Coal V.142%
Boston A Albany. 204% Franklin ..." ....Ill
Bonor. I31e*'ated..l«0% Isle Royale ...... 13%
N Y N H & H....248% Mohawk ... ,.t. 36
Fltchburg pfd ...140% Old Dominion ... 18
Union Pacific ...104% Osceola... ..... 62%
Mexican Central . 28% Parrot .26
. . Miscellaneous — Quincy 125
American Sugar. .124 Santa Fe Copper.' 2%
Do pfd 118% Tamarack ...-:.'.175
Amer Tel & Tel. 183% Trimountaln ...i.100
Dom Iron & Steel. 70 Trinity 13
General Electric. 32<i United States ..'. 21
Macs Electric ... 4*T1 Utah ... -22%
Do pfd ........ 98% Victoria ... '..... 5-
N E Gas & Coke. 3 ¦ Wlnona ..: • 2
United Fruit ....105 Wolverine .......54
U S Steel ...... 42% - ' .
LONDON CLOSING^STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 94% N Y Central ..1.106%
Cons for account. 94% Norfolk & West.. 60%
Anaconda .:.\ :.., 5% Do pfd "........ 92
AtchlBon ... -81% Ontario & West.. 35%
Do pfd'.. 101% Pennsylvania ....'78%
Bait & Ohio ....111% Reading .'..- .... 33%
Canadian Pacific. 131% Do 1st pfd ..... 44%
Chesa & Ohk> ... 49 Do 2d pfd .... 37
aiicairo G W ... 26 Southern Ry ......39%
Chi Mil & St P.. 174 Do pfd ........ 9&%
Denver and R O. 44% Southern' Pacific. 68%
Do pfd . . . » . i ¦/ »4«i (Union Pacific ; ..107%
Erie ... ..:....- 40% Do pfd 90%
Do 1st Dfd .... 72%iu S Steel........ 43%
Do 2d pfd ....56% Do pfd •. i.96%
Illinois Central -.151% Wabash ..; .... 27
Louis & Na«h...l30% Do pfd ......... 40%
M K & Texatf... 2G% Spanish 4s 78%
Do Pfd 55% I , - . -.. ¦;>.-;.;
Bar silver, easy,' 23%d per ounce. Money,
2%03 Per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is 2 13-ltt per cent.
The • rate ' of discount ' In * the open market for
three months' bills- Is. 2% percent.'
Nezu ¦ York Money ¦Market: .
, NEW YORK. April 28.— Close: Money on
New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
. .WASHINGTON, April 28.— To-day's state
ment cf the Treasury balances shows : ¦ Avail
able -cash balance, $1S3,54O,849; gold, $80,
008,833.
NEW YORK, April 28.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial' 1 cablegram says:
Stock market activity was reduced to-day, due
partly to the Jewish holiday. Consols were
dull at 94%. . There was some pront-taklnK In
view of to-morrow's settlement. .American
stocks opened firm and remained idle and dull
from the afternoon, especially Union Pacifle
and Reading. - ¦ .. :
London Market.
Corn held higher. Oats and Rye still quiet.
No change in Hay and Feed stuffs: .'
Beans continue to rise under an Eastern demand:
Butter and Cheese in liberal supply and weak. Eggs steady.
Further advance in Hams, Bacon and Lard'hinted at.
Consumption of Hogs cut down by high prices. \.
Poultry and Game quiet at previous quotations.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables selling well:
Little change in the Fruit market. V
Local and oil stocks dull. Mining stocks more active.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat quiet and not materially' changed.
Eastern rail rates for Barley, extended one month.
ard copper on'spotand for June and July de
li very quoted - at i $10 70©ll 25. ; . "London
copper closed 2s (jd .lower at £52 7s tid for. spot
and futures. •-.'.• ' ' "-* ¦¦¦•,.
. I,tad,\ steady, $4 X2%\ London,- Is 6dblgh«r
at £11 13s 9d. • . i .
. Spelter, steady- at $4 42^ > at New York ;
London. 2s 6d lower at £18.,.
¦The; local', iron market 'was steady and un
changed; piglron warrants ¦ continued nominal
in price. No, 1 foundry. Northern. S19@20;
No. 2 foundry. Northern. $18^19; No. 2 foun
dry' Southern, $17 60@18; - No. ;. 1 ; foundry.
Southern, soft, $17 50Q)18.::. ' ' ¦'
. | The English markets were higher with Glas
gow at 54s and Middlesboro at 48s 6d.
Available; Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. April; 28.— The visible supply
of grain April 26, compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat.' 40 -
449,000 bushels; decrease, 3,833,000 bushels.
Corn, 3,888, 000-*ushels ; decrease. 338,000 bush
els. , Oats, 3,114,000 bushels. Rye, l.SOO.OCO
bushels ; . decrease, • 7000 bushels. Barley, - 1,
132,000 bushels; decrease, 233,000 bushels.
Nezu, York Cotton Market:
NEW YORK, April '28,.— The cotton market
opeDed steady with, present crop months 11@14
points higher and new «rop months 6@10 points
higher, and closed very steady at a net ad
vance of ll@20 points. V;
Foreign Markets:
LONDON, April 28.— Consols, 94%; sliver,
23%d; French rentes, lOOf 95c; cargoes on'pas
sage, quiet and steady ;¦ cargoes No. 1 standard
Calif ortila, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 20s 3d;
English' country markets, firm,,- advanced 6d
to. Is; import into. .United 'Kingdom, vwheat,
342,000 quarters; import into. United Kingdom,
flour, 259,000 barrela ; wheat . and flour on .pas
sage to' United Kingdom, 4,330,000; wheat, and
flour on pascage to Continent/ l,C90,000. ; .:
LIVERPOOL, April 28.^ — Wheat,' Bteady; No.
1 standard California, 6ff 4%d@6s 5d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour. In Paris, i steady ; ' French
country markets, firm; weather In England,
v/indy. ¦ , .
~l COTTON — Uplands, ; 5 ll-32d. .
. Northern Business. . " y }\.
¦ TACOMA, April 28. — Cleaflnga, $196,841; bal
ances, $34,726. v
SEATTLE, . April 28.— Clearings, . $777,440;
balances, $126,597.
¦ PORTLAND, April 28. — Clearings, $521,980;
balances, $144,703. "' ¦ \- ' •¦•¦-» T> •'-«,
SPOKANE, April 28. — Clearings, $270,364;
balances, $30,646.: V .. . ! . .
North em __ Wheat Market. ' .
OREGON.. / \
PORTLAND. April 28. — Wheat, steady at
65V.@<56c for Walla Walla; 66i£o for bluestem.
WASHINGTON. •
TACOMA, April • 28.^-Wheat. unchanged.
Bluestem, C6c; club, 65c. ¦./¦.:¦
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Heflnlng Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.85c; Candy Granulated.
4.85c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated - 4.2&c ;
Beet Granulated . (100-lb bags only), nona;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 8.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes 60c more; 60- lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds' Domlnoa — Half -barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrela or its equivalent. ,
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13%@14c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in - bulk. Itjc;
in cases, 22Uc; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; in
cases,- 21c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases. 2tHaC
TURPENTINE— 67o per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron ' barrels.
OIL— California Castor Oil, In - cases. No.
1, 70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed - Oil, in bar
rels, boiled, 78c; raw, 76c; cases, 6c more;
Lucol 68c for boiled and 66c for raw. in bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels.
90c: cases, 95c; China Nut. 57%@6So per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale 'Oil. natural white.
40®50o per gallon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42 Vic;
cases 47%c; Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63}jp for
Ceylon ana 68%c for Australian.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per 'ton; Southfleld
Wellington." $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 60; Cum
berland, |12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, — — ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S SO per ton.
according to brand. : .'
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln. /5.55c: Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@3c.
General Merchandise.
call was . steady at 3%@4# per cent; closing
bM'and asked. 3%@4 per cent. Prime mercan
tile paper, 4@4?4 per cent. ' Sterling exchange
was firm, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 87% for demand and "at *4' 85% for sixty
flays. Posted rates, $4 80@4 80% and $4 88 J4
.04 89. Commercial bills, $4 S4%@4 85%.— Bar
silver. 5l?6c. Mexican dollars,'. 41c. Bonds—
Governments, steady; States, easier; .railroads,
flrhi.' V. . » - , ..¦- ¦. -. -...¦-, •-, :¦, «. ¦ , ¦ ¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
POULTRY — Live Turkey*. 13@14o for Gob
blers and 15®l0c.for Hens; Geese, . per ; pair,
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $4. 50
@5 for old and $7@8: for young; Hens, $4@
6 50 1 young Roosters, $6 50® 8; old Roosters,
£4 25GB 50; Fryers, $5@6; Broilers, $4@4 50 forj
large and $2@3 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@
1 75' per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squab3.
GAME-^Hare, $1 25; , Rabbits, fl 60 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2 60
®3- White Geese, 75c@$l: Brant. $1 25 for
small and $2\for large;, English- Snipe, $2.60
|g!3; Jack Snipe,- $1 50. ., : I
Twenty-two sks of Game came' In and prices
etood the' same for all kinds except Hare, which
were firmer. , , .
Two cars of: Eastern Hens, which were re
ceived last ; week, were • offering-, yesterday | at
$5 C0@6per dozen,' but met with few buyer*.
Receipts of Callfbrriian ,were very light and the
quotations were. unchanged. '. ¦ ..
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$2 50 - per' box,- $2@2 25* for -No. -, 1> and
$1 G0@l 75 for No. 2; Rhubarb, • 50@"5c per box;
extra ; fancy, • 85c@$l 10;- Green Peas, 75c@$l
per sack; String Beans, from Los Angeles, 10
f!15c' per ¦¦ lb,' including Wax;- Cabbage, 50®
5c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, ?1 25@1 50
peri box and crate; . Mexican Tomatoes, 60@
75c per box; do, repacked, $1 25 per "box; Dried
Peppers," 10@llo per lb; Los 'Angeles do, 13@
17^c; Dried ' Okra, .-; 12%@20c per lb;
Carrots,..,;. 75c -per:, sack; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, 35@75c per dozen •'¦¦ for small and
$1@1 25 for large; Garlic. 2@3c; Los Angeles
Green N - Peppers, 15@20c; Mexican do, ' 8@10c;
Egg Plant,' from Loa Angeles, 17 %(g>20c; Sum
mer Squash, froth Los Angeles, $1@1 50; Mar
rowfat Squash, ; $15@20 . per ton; Hubbard
Squash, ,$15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONS— Oregons, $2 25@2 65 for the best
and $1 50<g2 for lower grades; Nevadas, $2 50;
Australian, $3 25@3 75 second hands; Green
Onions, 25@40c per box. V . .¦'-..¦ ¦ •< .
POTATOES — New ' PoUtoes, . 2@2&c per , lb;
old, $1 40@l 60 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 65@2; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $l/60@l 75; "River Reds, $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, -for seed. $1 50<6pl 65; Oregon Bur
banks, for seed, $1 25@1 60; Sweets, ?2 for
Merced. • ¦: ¦. * J . ..'¦•.-:¦''"¦.•
White Onions from San Leandro brouf ht $1 25
p«r . box, ' 25 boxes ¦ being received. ¦¦ - -. •¦ v - " ¦
Asparagus continued to bring good pricei ana
the market cleaned up easily. Fine large Rhu
barb was in demand and higher, but the small
stock was unchanged: Peas were plentiful ana
the bulk of the receipts went to the canners at
leper lb." .' Repacked Mexican Tomatoes were
in ; demand, but original packages sold slowly,
owing to. the softness of thestock. •¦-• ¦ "¦;
livestock "delivered : at San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for cattle i -
CATTLE— Steers. 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cows, 4® 5c per lb.
CALVES — *%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
•SHEEP— Wethers, 4% @5c; Ewes. 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight).
-LAMBS— Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%@gc per lb liveweight; yearlings, 4%
@5c oer lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6%@
6%c;-200 lbs and over. 6%@6%c; feeders, «@
6%c; sows, 20 per cent o«; boars, 00 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent off from the abort
quotations.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; APRIL 29, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.'
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
11
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— .
May 74% 75Vi 73% 74
July 75% 7«Vi '¦¦ 75 75%
September 75% 75% 74 74%
Corn' No. 2 —
May'... 62% 63% 62% 62%
July... C3g C4% 63% 63%
September 03% C3% 62% 62%
Oats No. 2 — . - .
May 42% 43% 42%- 42!)i
July (old) : 35% • 3fi% _ 35% • 35%
July (new) .T7% X 37% 3(1% 37
September (old) <iO}A i j 31% 30U 30%
September (new) 82% -32% 32" 32%
Mess pork, per barrel — ¦ i
May lti 80 16 05 10 80 j 16 80
July rr. ...17 05 17 17% 16 95 ' 17 02%
September .....17 12% 17 25 17 10 17 12%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 0 92% 10 07Vi 9 82% 10 00
July ..v. 10 05 10 20 10 05 lO'lO
September 10 22% 10. 30 10 20 10 20
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
May... ...0 35 0 40 0 25 9 37%
July 9 45 9 55 9 45 . 9 50
September ..... 9 S7 % O 65 / 9 57% -9 60
r THE COAST RECORD. I
g K K 2 2":^3 ;
I p» Si & I
B sg 53 S: p o - • • « '
STATIONS. | *| || fg $7 - S
? £ I : a ? £
: ¦ a c : : o
: 3 3 ; :- .;;
Astoria 29. 6S 52 42 SW Oloudy .19
Baker 29.74 5* 3S SE Cloudy . .00
Carson "...29.86 54 36 SW Pt Cldy .00
Eureka 29.94 54 44 SE Cloudy .t$S
Fresno 30.02 72 44 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.76 « C W Pt Ody .00
Pooatello. Ida.29.7S 5S 34 SW Cloudy .00
Indej?cndence 29.72 72 40 \V Clear .00
Los AnseIes..3O.O4 60 44 SW Clear .00
Thoenlx 29. SO 88 66 W Clear .00
Portland 29.78 58 42 SE Cloudy ,.04
lied Bluff 23.02 58 54 SE Rain .02
Roseburg; 29.62 58 34 SW Pt Cldy .03
Sacramento '..30.04 CO 54 S Cloudy .00
6alt Lake 29.76 64 40 NW Cloudy .00
Ean Franci6co.30.06 58 48 SE Cloudy .00
6. L. Obispo. .30.12 C2 40 W Clear .00
San Diego 30.04 <52 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29. 5C 5S 38 NE Cloudy T.
Epokane 29.74 68 38 S Rain .02
Neah Bay 29.50 52 40 SW Rain .<W
Walla Walla.. 2U. 70 62 42 S Cloudy .00
"WUinemucca .29.74 60 36 W Cloudy .00
Turca 29.80 78 60 W Clear .00
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— .
May 74% 75Vi 73% 74
July 75% 7«Vi '¦¦ 75 75%
September 75% 75% 74 74%
Corn' No. 2 —
May'... 62% 63% 62% 62%
July... C3g C4% 63% 63%
September 03% C3% 62% 62%
Oats No. 2 — . - .
May 42% 43% 42%- 42!)i
July (old) : 35% • 3fi% _ 35% • 35%
July (new) .T7% X 37% 3(1% 37
September (old) <iO}A i j 31% 30U 30%
September (new) 82% -32% 32" 32%
Mess pork, per barrel — ¦ i
May lti 80 16 05 10 80 j 16 80
July rr. ...17 05 17 17% 16 95 ' 17 02%
September .....17 12% 17 25 17 10 17 12%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 0 92% 10 07Vi 9 82% 10 00
July ..v. 10 05 10 20 10 05 lO'lO
September 10 22% 10. 30 10 20 10 20
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
May... ...0 35 0 40 0 25 9 37%
July 9 45 9 55 9 45 . 9 50
September ..... 9 S7 % O 65 / 9 57% -9 60
r THE COAST RECORD. I
g K K 2 2":^3 ;
I p» Si & I
B sg 53 S: p o - • • « '
STATIONS. | *| || fg $7 - S
? £ I : a ? £
: ¦ a c : : o
: 3 3 ; :- .;;
Astoria 29. 6S 52 42 SW Oloudy .19
Baker 29.74 5* 3S SE Cloudy . .00
Carson "...29.86 54 36 SW Pt Cldy .00
Eureka 29.94 54 44 SE Cloudy .t$S
Fresno 30.02 72 44 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.76 « C W Pt Ody .00
Pooatello. Ida.29.7S 5S 34 SW Cloudy .00
Indej?cndence 29.72 72 40 \V Clear .00
Los AnseIes..3O.O4 60 44 SW Clear .00
Thoenlx 29. SO 88 66 W Clear .00
Portland 29.78 58 42 SE Cloudy ,.04
lied Bluff 23.02 58 54 SE Rain .02
Roseburg; 29.62 58 34 SW Pt Cldy .03
Sacramento '..30.04 CO 54 S Cloudy .00
6alt Lake 29.76 64 40 NW Cloudy .00
Ean Franci6co.30.06 58 48 SE Cloudy .00
6. L. Obispo. .30.12 C2 40 W Clear .00
San Diego 30.04 <52 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29. 5C 5S 38 NE Cloudy T.
Epokane 29.74 68 38 S Rain .02
Neah Bay 29.50 52 40 SW Rain .<W
Walla Walla.. 2U. 70 62 42 S Cloudy .00
"WUinemucca .29.74 60 36 W Cloudy .00
Turca 29.80 78 60 W Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
£p» ' fe fe> fes
AUCTION SALE
' ; V; —of —
Horses, Carriages, Harness,
Eto.
EXCELSIOR STABLES. 9C5 SUTTER ST.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY April 29. 1903
At 11 O'clock.
On account of removal to new stables, corner
Polk and Geary, on May 1, where I will outat
with a complete line of the latest style rigs, I
will sell off all my stock at present premises
Consisting of horses, carriages, coupes, run-
abouts, bike-buggies, surreys, harness, wh.p«
and robes, without reserve or limit.
H. F PATRICK. Proprietor
FRED H. CHASE A CO.. Auctioneers.
*\_ I will sell NEXT TUESDAY. April 23.
A-&S 11 a. m., at 1140 Folsom st, 2 carloads
of DRAFT, DRIVING, and BUSINESS
HORSES. These horses are all. broken and
gentle and will be sold without rese#*e or
limit; also a cb/ice lot of wagons, buggies,
carts and harness. •THE SAN FEANCISCO J CALL, TUESIXA.Y;. APRIL 29, 1902.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets ; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. rn.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
316 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Hi II Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p.m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. at
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- JV
JXG, April 2S», at 7::W o'clock. M. M. XJK
degree. By order of the H. P. /? >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and at
A M. — Called meeting THIS (TUES-
HAY) EVENING, at 7:15 o - clock. }CX
D. 3. By order of the W. M. /NT >
EDWIN L. MEYER. Sec
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. •
M.. 121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVEN- 4V
ING, 7:30 o'clock. D. 3. ikX
GEORGE PEXLIXGTpN. Sec. /^F>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M. — Second degree THIS (TUESDAY) £\
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. tfjf
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. /V"
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5, K. of P.. will 2*T~
confer Knight Rank (long form)
on WEDNESDAY. April 30. 1902, at 2faS»f
Pythi&n Castle. 9094 Market Et.. at .&£&?
fe:30 p. rn. Members of sister lodges coruiaily
invited. M. J. BROPHY. C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
WOODMEN of the World. -gm
Golden Gate Camp No. tH ~_ ~^H_
— Members are hereby gt^QKy^jT/iJ-fi
notified to attend the Cj^Wffi^
!u:i«-a.l of our late neiph- \ i ijff —ilWwIB^-^
bor. JACOB BERN-
STEIN, from the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1137 Mission Et.. THIS DAY (Tuesday),
April 29. at 2:30 o'clock.
' THOS. J. BARRY. Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
NOTICE to the .stockholders of The Risdon
Iron and Locomotive Works i» hereby given
that. In pursuance of a resolution of the
Board of Directors of said corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
board held at the office of the corporation.
In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 17th day of
March. 1902. a meeting of the stockholders
cf The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
will he held at the office of the corporation.
No 298 Steuart st-, in the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California (the tame
being the principal place of business of said
corporation and the building where the Board
of Directors usually meet), on WEDNES-
DAY, the 21st day of May. 1902. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of con-
sidering and - acting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said corpo-
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
sand (600, COO) dollars, United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys
to purchase additional property to complete
the works and extend the business of the
corporation, and for legitimate and nece's-
eary purposes. By order of the Board of
Directors.
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
Secretary of The Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — A meeting of
the Ftockholders of the United Crude Oil
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 418 Parrott building, rn the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, t May 13, 1902. at 12
o'clock noon/ for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may- come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
AGENTS TVANTED.
OUR general agents now in the field are mak-
ing from $500 to $1000 per month; we want 20
more everywhere; our local agents are mak-
ing from $5 to $15 per day; we want 60 more;
not like canvassing; pleasant occupation;
everybody -will tfve you an audience and
nearly everybody will do business. Call on
or addrees W. B. AMES, 701 Hayward build-
ing, California and Montgomery sts., S. F.
RESPONSIBLE, energetic party to sell stock
in successful manufacturing business; salary
and commission to right party. Apply 346
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— K. KENNY. "5 Third St.. has the following
safe, paying business investments:;'"
$300- — Corner cigar store; near the principal
theaters; trade ot $15 per day; great sacrifice;
clears $100 per month. • . . ,
$800 — Partner wanted in a first-class corner
saloon; thoroughly established; tine and large
custom; clearing $200 per month; owner is tired
of unreliable barkeepers; -will teach a good
man the business.
$100 — Barber shop; a bargain; 2 chairs;
plenty of steady work; don't miss this.
$400 — Grocery -and bar in the vicinity, of
Fourth and Mission; good trade; clears .from
$75 to $100 per month. . •
$750— Partner wanted to do the collecting
and assist in looking after the hired help in a
fine carpenter contracting- business; clearing
S250-$300 per month.
$1100 — First-class corner saloon downtown;
principally day trade; doing a business from
$20 to $35 per day; patronized by best class of
merchants and clerks, etc.
For any of above see KENNY, 75 Third st.
LOOK! LOOK! LOOK!
Half interest in corner grocery and bar; es-
tablished 16 years; remaining partner respon-
eible man; will accept any half reasonable of-
fer account departure. K. KENNY. 75 Third.
A— $200; PARTNER: light, day, office work;
experience unnecessary: earn $75 monthly.
STRAND. 20U Kearny st.
A — $550— BRANCH bakery,' variety store; 4
rms; rent $14; full value. Strand. 209 Kearny.
A— $325— COFFEE and chop house; receipts *20
day; pent $20; bargain. Strand. 203 Kearny.
A — $275 — DELICACY store; receipts $16 day;
rent $15; bargain. STRAND. 209 Kearny Bt.
A— $175— BARBER shop, 3 chairs; clears $30
week; 3 rooms. STRAND. 209 Kearny Bt. .
X — $750 — HOTEL and bar; 12 furnished rooms;
. clears $150 month. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— $125— FRUIT store; rent $11 50; receipts
about $12 day; bargain. Strand. 209 Kearny.
ARE you looking for the best interest on your
money? We have the best proposition ever
offered to the public, where there is no risk
and your money is always at your disposal
and will draw an average of over 4 per cent
per week. Just think of it; more than you
get in the bank in one year. We invite you
all to our office where we will give you full
particulars. Remember you can invest from
$10 up. AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE AS-
SOCIATION, suite 615, Emma Spreckels
building, treasurer's department; open even-
ings 7 to 8.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business;
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with &1S
to $25 a week; no experience required; no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
buy. 25 Geary St., room 4.
HAVE lease of 60- room furnished house; will
give half interest to the right man or
woman; very reasonable terms; prefer, one
with experience: ¦ location very best. Ad-
dress box 1463. Call. ¦
CIGAR stand wanted; gocd location; must
stand strict investigation; no agents. Ad-
dress. with full particulars, box 1700. Call.
SALOON; Market 6t.; 5-year lease; rent $200;
good fixtures; good business; owner has
other business and must sell; genuine bar-
galn at $5000. Box 1666. Call office.
HARDWARE 6tore; paying $200 mo.; located
country, nr. city;, pop. 2000; in v. $2800; must
sell: make offer; no agents. Box 1692, Call.
WANTED — A partner for country saloon and
beer bottling establishment; must have at
least $1000 cosh. Address box 1645, Call.
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4936,
Call office. - ' ' i
WILL pay cash for good paying restaurant or
lunch house; give full particulars. Box 1490,
Call office.
A GOOD investment — A manufacturing busi-
ness wants $20,000 additional capital; the
business Is well established and paying large
dividends and is increasing to the necessity
for extra capital to allow further and natural
developments. Add. P. O. box 294, Oakland.
ACTIVE man. with $5000, can establish broker,
age business and use his own money; large
profits; something rare. Box 1421. Call.
CIGARS — Downtown corner .stand, business
street, for sale; $250 if eold by the 1st. Ad-
dress box 1462. Call office.
TRANSFER and baggage office: 2 horses and 2
wagons; a bargain. Call at 108 Taylor st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
atcy house sold on monthly payments.
| . SPIRITUALISM. -
A — C. V. MILLERT^vorUrs famous . materialis-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. • 1084 Bush st.
MRS. . J. J. 'WHITNEY, trance, bus.' melum ;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
: letter $2. H64 O'Farrell St.; E11U car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market. .
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01: seance Sunday and Thur3.
DR. A. WILLARD DUNLAP and wife, clalr-
voyants-pCirdes Sun, and Thurs. ; 051 Jessie.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, Thurs.,
Frl., Sun., 10c; readings 50c. $1. 132 Sixth.
MME.- YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night; 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HUBBARD," 109 Oak. circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p.m.; Wed.. 2 p. mi; reading dally.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
CIRCLE to-night; Mrs. Colby. 1041 # Valencia
St.; sittings daily; phone Church tiSO., , , j
A — SPECIAL seance this. Tuesday,' 8 > p. m.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellla st. . •"
KATIE HEUSSMANN sittings resumed at 1774
v Fifteenth st..< near. Guerrero. '• -¦ •
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night: 103.
¦ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bids-.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present nap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult th(,s great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
ISMAR THE GYPSY '
Has Removed To ' _• -
1104 Market et.. Corner Turk.
' Ismar. the Egyptian seeress. has removed to
more commodious quarters in the Venaome,
1104 Market st., corner Turk, offices 9 and 10.
where she can be consulted dally on all af-
fairs of life. Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun-
days ip_tol2^m^'____-
MRS; DR. F f CLARICE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at WOO^Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
'26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M/WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
' ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m.' to 8 p. m.
MME. WALTMAN— Readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; circles Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Saturday. 8 p. m. 205 Turk st.; ground floor.
ARRIVED— Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sep-
arated.' finds treas. 1007 # Mkt. parlors 7-8.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A— Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th: German spoken; hours. 9 to 9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;'
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
HAVE you been to see that wonderfully . gifted
life reader at 1035 Market st.7 ¦.¦¦',
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c;, -readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
CARPET BE ATINO J^PVV®*™^ 1^
WHEN you become ¦ disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. jupholster-
lng.1213 Market. bet.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2013.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. : G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
¦ < L^--Jl^J.'^.-' ELEVATORS. - \ : "
ELEVATORS : ins^ected~and"repaired at moderate
'¦'_: prices.. J.E.Upphbff.SOS Mission; tel.'John 3S56.
•^T^^EMPLOYBIENT OFFICES.^J/>^
A — JAPANESE^ rVllable~housecleaning, j cooks
:-:¦ and, waiters furnished at short notice. " Geo.
Klnoshlta. 12f)3Page. cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE. Intelligence Offlce-^Furnish most
*' reliable help. ;,. -524 Bush st.;: tel. /Bush 516.
CHINESE, and-. Japanese help; estab.'2O years.
-Tel. Main 1987. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; 415 Stock-
"..-: ton;; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help. ¦ ,
JAPANESE and, Chinese -best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post; GEO. AOKI;:tel. Bu3h 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
r nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 50<2.
| EMPLOYMENT? WANTED—- FEMALE.
A — SWEDISH girl, good cook and housekeeper;
. good references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
ELDERLY educated energetic | lady would ac-
. cept position as useful companion with refined
lady without children or chaperon with moth-
¦ eriy care to young 1 lady; capable of manag-
ing rooming or .boarding' house or house-
i keeper . where servants are kept; unquestion-
able ref. ex. MRS. J. H., 21 Taylor st.
WELL educated refined girl, North German,
.., good seamstress, wishes position to take, care
of children or lady invalid; has no objection
to country or traveling; best references. -Call
or address' W.G., J 1418 Hyde st. v .' - -
AN- -energetic refined woman wants a position
¦ in hotel or lodging-house to look after the
linen and make -herself generally useful.
: ; Box 1702, Cell. . . . ¦-
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation in
American family; no objection to small wash-
ing. Address or apply 517 Ninth st.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by Danish girl of 30; ex-
. . perienced chambermaid ,and waitress; all ref-
; erences. Address NELSON, box 1701. Call.
RESPECTABLE lady kind to children. . wishes
position as housekeeper or to cook for men.
Call 6876 Ellis St.. room 131. bet. 1-4 p. m.
LADY will work for room and board for self,
husband and child or for 2 housekeeping
rooms. ... Address G., 953 Mission st. '¦¦ .
A REFINED middle-aged Eastern lady desires
position as housekeeper; would go out of
town; no trlflers. Box 1693. Call.
A— SITUATION by middle-aged woman for
general housework or take care of baby. Ad-
dress 25 Minna st. . . ¦-'¦' •
AN American woman wishes work to do wash-
Ing, ironing or housework, by . the day;
1 wages $1 per day and car fare. Box 1491,
'Call office. . -'I
GIRL would like position to assist with house-
.work.and children ;,np objection to country.
'412 Linden ave. -; .
1022 LARKIN; girl wishes situation for light
; housework; private family; references; no
'.postals answered. "; ¦' '¦' - ' , •
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation for
housework and cooking. Call 344 Harriet,
off Bryant. ¦ near Sixth. •¦-.•¦
LADY wishes situation as seamstress or trav-
eling companion; good references. 115-Grove.
A— COMPETENT woman wants work by day.
225 Eleventh st. ..-,-"~' ' '
YOUNG lady wishes to do house or second
work. 524B Bryant st. '-,'.'
RELIABLE Swedish woman wants work by
| the day; washing or housecleanlng.' 280 Turk.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
: ket —200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150
to $6, week; convenient and respectable;. free
bun and baggage to and from ferry. ' .
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
. Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
A^PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ . -; _.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WATCH, clock and Jewelry repairer; six years'
practical 'experience; wants position about
Aug. 1; ' a young man; church member and
¦ willing to work; : also fair salesman; good
references.' Address GEORGE R. HYDE,
, Vigan.s Luzon, P. I. ' ' ¦ . ' ¦ j
RESPONSIBLE married man, strictly sober
and honest, ' would like to have a position
of trust or .night watchman; good references.
: TVvr 427ft -Hall office Oakland. -
hHELP. WAITED— - FE^AliE---Con^
AT C: R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 1... 429 Bush St.
. ... . . . 1 .. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
. 2 pantry girls, -springs,.. ;..'..:... ....:.... $20
,'• Waitress, summer resort, short distance. .$20
¦ -Waitress,' mountain resort, fare one way.. $20
2 ./.waitresses,, : mining , town, fare ad- ¦
.-^vanced ......'......."¦...'...;¦..."¦. $20
, 30 " waitresses, city,, country resorts and
• springs hotels ...,'...:............ .$20-$25
Chambermaids, city ........... . .$18-$20
2 restaurant waitresses. 6 days' work. $8 week
Shaker out, laundry, city,. . : .$6 week
.:...... -FAMILY DEPARTMENT .. ..
'Housegirl, ranch. : $25; nurse,' 2" children,
German only, $20; -housegirl. small rooming-
house.* short distance,- nice place, $25; cooks,
housegirls, , nursegirls, city and country.
$io-$r.o • • .
C. R. HANSEN & CO..:... 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.)
A— MRS. M. E. DAY, . . . .. .Phone, Main 1575.
..;....:..¦ 'HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $35;. 4 waitresses, resort," $25; 4
waitresses, commercial' hotels, $25-' wait-
resses, f < city and country, $20 and $25; 2
waitresses, city, $25, sleep home; chamber-
maid to wait, resort,- $25; 2 . chambermaids,
$18 and $20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20.
...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
2 second girls.- first-class places. $25; parlor
¦maid and waitresB, $25; 25 house girls, city
and country. . - • .;-¦ , ...
MRS. M. E. DAY ...... ..... .335 GEARY
WANTED— Laundress, family work, $30; cook,
plain wash. 2 in family, country, $30; 18
cooks, plain wash, $30 and $35; 6 waitresses,
¦ city, $20; 8 second girls. $20 and $25: 8
waitresses, country hotels, $20 and $25; 3
'V nurse girls, $20; 124 girls for cooking, house-
. work, etc.; for situations in city and country,
too numerous to advertise, wages, $20, $25
and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st. ¦¦ •¦ .' , ' .¦'¦-.'
A— COOK, $35 ; 6 second girls, • $25 eacn; cook
. and second , girl/- same house, $30 and ' $25;
boarding house cook; $30; a woman to assist
in - delicacy store, $20," must sleep home :
nurse, $25; housegirl, $30, small family. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.,
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
masseur, $40, for springs. .: ¦
WANTED^ — For upstairs work and waiting, a
Swedish or German girl; must be thoroughly
competent, young and strong. Call 1540 Cen-
tral ave., Alameda: narrow-gauge, Morton st.
station; wages. $25; fare paid.
WANTED— A' strong young lady to do dish-
washing, cleaning and attend to vegetables
in a home-cooking delicacy store; no Sunday
work. Apply after 7 a. m.. 520 Taylor st.
WA NTED— Competent girl to do chamberwork,
(sewing and waiting at table In a small fam-
ily. Apply between 12 and 2 o'clock at 1910
¦ Washington st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; small
family; wages, $15 to $20; references requir-
ed. 421 Central ave.. near Hayes st.
WANTED — A" number ¦ of reliable - lady • solic-
itors of -good standing for first-class enter-
~ prise. Box 1694. Call office.
WANTED — First-class seamstress for cloak
and suit alterations. Apply between 8 and
11 a.'m. at HALE BROS'. •
GIRLS in folding box factory; experience un-
, necessary: wages $3. OSTEYEE, 821. Mont-
gomery st. ¦ ,
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' under-
wear. 656 Mission st., third floor. . ¦ t
EXPERIENCED . operators on ladles' over-
skirts; good pay. 656 Mission st.. third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
¦ good pay.' 656 Mission st., third floor.
EXPERIENCED ironer. 656 Mission st. third
• floor,. ;.. ..•..-¦ ¦»¦ . ¦¦ -
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman." Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— Experienced skirt finisher. Room
66 Murphy building. '» .
EXPERIENCED finishers on . coats. 364^
Third st. .--. -.-¦
TAILORESS i and finisher on coats; steady
work. 1)21 Howard st. • .. . , .
NEAT girl to assist with housework. 1634 Gol-
den Gate ave. " ' .
WANTED— Female talent - for vaudeville com-
pany; state experience. Box 1703 Call office. '
FINISHERS on pants; good pay. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St. : . .
COMPETENT girl wanted" for general house-
work and cooking. 1961 Pine st.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
small flat.' 233 Devisadero- gt. - .
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
- HELP WANTED— MALB— Coii. _
TYPEWRITER and stenographer, $40 to $75;
office boy; cook and wife. $60; 3 boarding-
¦ house cooks, $35 and $40; kitchen man, coun-
'•try hotel; $30 .to $35;. hotel steward, coun-
,try,' $-10 and found; restaurant steward; veg-
etable man; pantrymen, dishwashers, waiters
and others. . J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
' Sacramento st. ;
THREE carpenters for near chy. $3 to $3 50
day. 8 hours ; carriage* painter. $2 to $3 50
day; carriage blacksmith. $3 to $3 50 a day;
Carriage ' smith" | helper and finisher.
$2 to $2 25; carriage bodjf maker. $3 to $3 50
day; horseshoer, $2.25 day; 3 rough carpen-
ters for mill, $60; ironer for country, $9 week;
hand washer, $9 a week; edgerman, $3 day;
bench hands and wood turners and other me-
chanics. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
RANCH foreman, single man. $50: 2 .fruit
¦ farmers.and wives, $35 and $50; cheesemaker
and wife, $45; 2 cheesemakers. $35 and $40;
farmers, $23. $30 and $:J5; Eastern young man
.to drive milk wagon. $50: stable and chore-
man for ranch, $30 and found; choreman for
resort, $25 and found; 2 men to thin fruit.
. $1 day and board; 6 lumber pliers $60: la-
borers about mill and wood3, $30 and $35 and
found; 8 laborers for mine. $2 day- 5 coal
miners, $2 50 to $2 75 day, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
, 59 Third st., near Call Bldg., phone Buah 4C5.
' ....". RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE... FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 23 day
50 concrete men $2 25 per day
. S. P. Co.'s own work south
.20 men for extra gangs.......
20 section hands
FREE FARE FREE FARE
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber wood*.
; $26 to $65 month and board, fare advanced.
20 -railroad laborers.. $26 per mo. and board
Edgerman..-. .» '........$3 per day
10 lumber pliers, fare paid $60
10 laborers, 8 hours $1 /5 per ilay
10 labcitrs, quarry, board at home.. $2 day
' 4 ranch hards $1 per day and board
Man acd wife for ranch ......$45
Second cook, French restaurant.$12 .per week
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. C9 Third St.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— Coachman
and tend to garden, $40; first-class coachman,
$40; assistant gardener, $30; assistant waiter,
$25; dishwasher, hotel, $30; French dish-
washer, $30; vegetableman, $30; dishwasher
¦for saloon, $5 a week; dishwasher, country
hotel. $20; teamster for coal and wood yard,
$2 a day, etc. ¦"
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Porter. $35. for reaort; pantryman. $30. city.
WANTED — A reliable man for a permanent es-
tablished business; will pay $16 per week;
experience not necessary; must have $125
cash. Apply 765 Market St.. room 3.
¦ s; . .'..-..
WANTED — Young man to care for 7 I or 8
horses and garden; pay $15 month, board and
lodging. ' Apply 961 Market St., Oakland. l
YOUNG man, 16 to 18 years of age, to work
\ in- photograph gallery; must live with pa-
rents; small wages to start. Address M. S..
Box 1492, Call office. .
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash; plain work; no experience required: $15
week; steady place. BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
and competent shoe salesman. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a.|m. at HALE BROS' .
BARBER shoo for sale or partner; first-class
newly fitted shop in good location. Box
1670, Call.
COATMAKERS and bushelmen for country.
: Apply REIS3 BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Boy In brokers" office. Address in
• own handwriting R, H.. box 1680. Call office.
WANTED— A porter at 19 Powell st.
SECOND cook; wages $10 a week. HEALY' S
Restaurant. 1119 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
WANTED — A boy %o carry a morning route.
Apply 111 Morrfs ave.
AN errand boy for this office. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
GORDON press feeders wanted. WILCOX <&
CO., 106 Battery et. .
BOY, 16 or 17 years old 75c a day. Apply to
216 Sanchez st., near Sixteenth. ' ¦
- HELP W ANTED— -M ALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY..* Phone 5S4S Main.
(i,"4-t;.IU Clay street
..Leading Employment ana Labor Agenta..
Santa Fe Company's Own Work
Free Fare
50 section hands Santa Fe Railroad
25 men for ballast gangs. Santa Fe Railroad
45 men, extra gang Santa Fe Railroad
Ship Daily Free......
Nevada State .'
Satt Lake Division
330 teamsters. Nevada... ." To-day
250 rockmen. Nevada To-day
150 concrete men. Nevada '. . • To-day
250 Carpenters' helpers, masons' helpers.
-steel gang, etc
Ship Morning and Night
.-..'. LABORERS
10 laborers, for factory work, near city; 5 la-
borers, Napa County, $.14 and found: 10 la-
borers, city. 8 hours work. $1 75; 10 laborers,
city. $2 day; 15 laborers, for mines. $30 to
$75; 73 men for laboring in quarries, $60; lw
, laborers for sawmills and woods, $30 to $75
and found. . .
DAIRIES. FARMS. ETC
6 men to thin and pick fruit, $20 and found;
5 farmers, same fruit ranch. $26 and found;
IS ranch teamsters. $30 to $40 and found: 4
haymakers. 16 vineyard hands. $26 to $30
and found; 5 scraper teamsters, ranch, $-<J
and found; 5 men to make themselves useful
on ranch; no teaming. $26 and found; 3 but-
ter-makers. 4 cheesemakers, IS milkers. $25
to $40 and found; 14 chore men, $20 to $30
and found; 17 chore boys, etc.. $12 to $20 and
found; assistant gardener, city. $25 and fd. ;
stableman, ranch, see boss here, $25 and fd. ;
. man and wife, for ranch, $45 and fd. ; man
and wife, to run ranch on shares, see boss
here
MISCELLANEOUS
Buggy washer, $60; 3 stable men, country,
$30 and $35 and fd. ; stable man. north; mar-
ried stable man, country, $40 and house;
stable man, city
Boys for stores; man and wife for small
' boarding-bouse, $25 and f d. ; farmer and
wife; 10 teamsters, near city. $60: 18 labor-
ers, near city, $2 day; carriage painter, coun-
try shop, $3 day 1 ; 15 blacksmiths, city,
country Jobs. $40 to $75 and fd.; 2 painters,
~ $3 day] painter's helper, $2 day; 10 carpen-
ters, city job, $3 50 day; gang edgerman
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
243 men wanted for different work In woods,
mills and yards. $30 to $75 and fd., reduced
fares, send dally; shingle saw filer. $75 and
fd. : shingle packer' and others; log sniper.
$60 and fd. ; 4 laborers to grade lumber, $60,
fare $2; 3- molders, brickyard, country, $75;
3 setters, country, $75; gang of laborers for
brickyard. $60; ranch cook, fare $125, $30
and fd
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
17 cooks, $35, $40 and $50 and fd.. city and
country Jobs; cook for ranch, good Job, $30
and fd. ; 4 second cooks; 4 cook 'helpers; 2
third cooks
Head waiter, hotel, south; 35 waiters for
other places, city and country. $30 to $40 and
fd. ; 25 kitchen hands, dishwashers, vegetable
men: baker's helper on bread, city. $25 an*
found
Laundryman, small institution
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 23 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23«
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelaa
big. Past Com, Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q.A.R.
500 MEN to- buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th,
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AND WAGONS.
AUCTION! AUCTION !
TUESDAY. 11 a. m.. April 29, Excelsior Sta-
t bles — Horses, surreys, buggies, harness,
rcbea and whips; no reserve or limit. 865
Sutter st. H. F. PATRICK. Proprietor.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come ani
•gee them at Occidental Horse Exchange 243
Third st. WM. Q. LAYNG. proprietor.'
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa «alesyard— Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. Utb.
San Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth sej-
sion begins June ft. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave
McAllister Et.
LADIES — Start In business at home; quick
tales and big profits; make $25 per week.
Call at room 122, 1236 Market st.
AGENTS wanted, by manufacturing company
In this city; a proposition to right party;
men or women. Apply 346 McAllister st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. '
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; letral papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty -.quick; qulf-t;
no charge without success ; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market ft., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cages. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket rt.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN bos some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkln St. and 305 Market St.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. '
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of aong.
- talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages,' globes, aquariums; bird -and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.,bet.8th&9th.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes. 1148 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— 12500; HARDWARE, cutlery and tool
store doing a large business; location first
¦ class; rent low; stock will invoice the price,
or party willing to take stock. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2t>% Kearny mt.
A — $550; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
sture; no better location in this city; living
rooms; a good paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny et.
A RARE chtnee for lively and honest man;
the whole or half Interest In old established
saloon; In first-class location; price $SO0.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— *25O0; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
*t. ; established for years and known as first
class paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent Ja»: investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 2U& Kearny Bt.
A— $1100; COR. grocery and bar. with living
rooms and bath, in best location of the Mls-
elon: rent $45; a good paying business. Call
K. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny Bt.-
A— $1600; SALOON, few doors from "Market
et. ; first-class paying; established years; rent
$45: elecrant fixtures: large stock. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. -
A — $4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
male depot, clearing $400 per month; rent
$130; no better investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— *650: SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class paying-; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing; mills and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
JOSEPH ETRAUB. 850 Market et. ~ \
A — SALOON and lunch house In the wholesale
district: Price $900. • • • Branch bakery
and notions at a corner on Mason st. • bar-
gain at $200. • • • Partner for a paying
and well established printing business. • • •
For particulars call on JOSEPH STRAUB
850 Market gt. . ,
$500 — RE&TAURANT on Market .-must be eold -
: bargain. A. STEXBERG. 759 Market st.
A $350 |
RESTAURANT
Must be sold at once; rent only $30. For sale
only by A. STEXBERG. 759 Market st.
WE have lodging-house*, etores. restaurants
laundries, ealoons. hotels, cigar stands and
irony other business chances -for sale; also
city and country real estate for sole or
exchange. Call or write for our free lis'
HEALY & CARR. 027 Market et.. room 2o£
A — 30 cigar stand*: prices. $75 to $2000; rents
$6 to fl25 monthly; profits, $2 to $7 dally.
HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott bldg., B25 Market.
OLD established corner liquor store; sold ac-
count of sickness. Box 14S8. Call office.
$200 — PARTNER wanted in old established
business office; established for years; pay-
ing well; beet of reasons for selling interest -
particulars TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis
et., room 10.
RETIRING from business; entire stock of
furniture for sale; must vacate May 1; deal-
ers, lodging-house keepers invited. KRAUS-
CRILL & O'NEILL. 1324 Stockton »L
WANTED — Promoter to form stock company
for great • money-making Invention; big- for-
* tune in It for . right man. Inventor, box
1008. Call office.
A — $150— PARTNER wanted; good place for
younc man satisfied with $15 to $20 a week.
Us Elite rt.. room 13. • . \ ";,
PRACTICAL caterer, or cook as partner in
first-class restaurant; $500 required.' J. R.
RICHARDS. Hotel Brokers* Co., 26 8th floor,
Mills building."'- ' --
CALL FOR OUR LARGE LIST.
100 rooms; elegant; modern, lnvestlgate$20.000
65 rooms; corner; a bargain 8,000
40 rooms; central; clears $250 3,500
-40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms 1,700
25 rooms; long lease; payments 2,400
8 rooms; downtown; clears $60...... 650
25 rooms; rent $30; Income $85; only. . 225
9 rooms; corner; very good 375
15 rooms; long lease; clears $100; only 1,000
7 rooms; snap; Geary st 200
12 rooms: Mason gt.; clears $70 700
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
906 Market St., corner Ellis, upstairs.
A. CAMERON & CO., ' ~~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city,
SPECIAL SALES THIS WEEK.
16 r.; rent $30; rms. sunny; good loc.& fur.$600
11 r. ; rent $50; Al loc. ; hardwood fur. . . 350
36 r.; fine loc; 45 boarders; clears $200.. 3500
Money loaned. 1% per cent.
GOOD transient house; new furniture $1800
36 rms.; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms. ; country" transient; low rent. t'.*0(i
300 rooms: corner house; for men 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only $65: terms. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain.' 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market at.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses all sizes . and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$850'
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
- 8 rooms; sunny flat; corner. 200
11 rooms; downtown: good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer.. 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates. '
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. •
"STREET- railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered in lodging-houses
¦ during the present week by ?
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
817 Market st. (upstairs), bet 5th & 6th sts.
Buyers, notice above announcement and
call at his office before you buy a house.
WINSTON & WOLF. j ~
1026 Market st. .
100 rooms; rent $212; modern and new. ...$6800
53 rooms; downtown: new; see this $4300
38 rooms: rent $S5: a money-maker $1900
34 rooms; rent $100; Just listed... $1900
20 rooms; new; central; reduced to...... $1450
A^ .Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list cf lodging-houses at my office.
All for eale on easy terms. Please call.
A— H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St. • ¦ . -
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house, ¦ boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country, it will be to your advantage to call
at our office. We do not offer places for Bale
. unless the value is in eight.
12 ROOMS: oak and cherry furn; rent $55. .$8W)
7 rooms; fiat; Van Nees; nice furniture.. 550
11 rooms; housekeeping; rent $32 -600
This Is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market St.. room 20S.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
Lodging-house, 19 rms.;- rent $75; clears $135;
$1300. Morrison & Co., 20 Montgomery, r. 4.
IF you have .a rooming or apartment' house for
sale or if you want to borrow money at the
lowest rate of interest, call on TOMLINSON
& CO . rm. 10. 105 Ellis Bt. (Glasgow block).
TRANSIENT house, 11 rooms; rent $45; down-
town central location; neat, clean and well
furnished; it is a beauty; I must sell quick;
bargain at $1000. Box 4974. Call office.
CO ROOMS; pleasant sunny corner; modern
family hotel; furnishings expensive; liberal
5-year lease: must be sold.. Particulars box
1667. Call office. .
A FINE house of 25 rooms for only $1100:
leane: low rent; email cash payment. RYAN
& O'ROURKE. 819 Market; phone r Mint 865.
75 LODGING-HOUSES for sale, from . $200 to
$6000; good locations; bargains; snaps: Jn-
veetlgate. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market ' st.
FURNISHED flat. 5 rooms complete; rent
$17 60; for sale at a bargain. Apply . on
premises. 236 Fourth st.~'
HOUSE clearing $25 per month for $300
Inquire at 102V& Sixth st. . .
TWENTY rooms, furnished, ' for sale cheap.'
C13 Howard st. - • . J ., -
COLLECTION OFFICES. -
GEORGE W. KELLY'S A pency— No^cnarge
unlegs puccessful. Room 310.- 027 'Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO ."-LET.
COTTAGE^for'rVnir^25~p"e7^ntnVVurnrtm : e
for eale; everything new and up-to-date; pn
- m v 8 '» near Castr0 - Address L. W., 1059
M PiJr°, iF 1 [ l S^-New. Cottage, 7 rooms,
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 7S Geary.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. Mcyueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEIN ERT. Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
- vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
| „ ¦; . pestists.^ '^;^^^
A DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up. « . i .
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 "ears' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lesEly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours. 0 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled opera tore;
gas given; lady attendant. R.'C. ANDER-
SON.D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago "Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth »t
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st. — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 60c.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. . DR. H. gT
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. '. ¦'¦-.¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
y EDUCATIONAL^ -, ;; - _ '
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration.' construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night.. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ¦ ¦ .¦¦ ' .'-•- •-.-
SUMMER term night school for men, Y. M. C.
A. building — Arithmetic, ' bookkeeping, • Eng-
lish,, penmanship, stenography and typewrit-
ing, naval architecture, steam engineering;
special tuition for special courses. Call at
- Association building for particulars. . , '
A— $50; LIFE scholarship at 'AYRES' BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 723 Market St., pays for
the combined commercial and shorthand
courses; new typewriters; positions ; secured ;
catalogue free. -'.-¦.
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
all expert court reporters.' will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 1382 Market St., on or about May, 1,- 1902.'
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.-
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the^ university, law and medical
colleges:' references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦ ¦ .
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.surl
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton. • nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and . college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern' methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.' j
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions ; 34
good positions In March; rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S.. F. Business , College. 1233 Market.'
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
eltlons. Alcazar, building. 120 O'Farrell ,»{.;
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Po8t;estab'dl871;abiest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West.desires pupils Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell- st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitac or banjo
by taking 20 lessons, 60c lesson. >,1484 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual ln-
etructlon; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin.' banjo ; taught ¦ in
class. $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone" ,'Plne 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar," writing
etc.; day, or eve.; $5 mo. 1 024 Mission,'; nr. (Jth!
SHORTHAND taught by mall . or : personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI.' good
¦ tt-acher. y 100S Mission ; | instruments , selected.
DANCING quickly taught; ; private, or class.
BARKER' S Academy. - 723 ; Market j st. *£.r*. -,;
HEALD'S Business College,- 24 Post st. : ,.S.'F. •
founded 1863 ; new ' 80-page - catalogue', free. •' ',
¦ ... . -' -'¦ - ¦-..* * ' '-I '. '' '. >'-r ¦ '
A FINE -cutter wants a situation; willing to
¦ sew.' Address A. HORCHER, ' Grand Central
', Hotel. Stockton. .. - - ". ¦
COMPETENT experienced traveling salesman
wants position: liquors- or tobacco preferred.
. Box 1695. Call office. ; '¦ -...¦-¦¦- ¦"•¦-'• *
YOUNG colored man desires work as porter,
teamster or laborer; can furnish good refer-
¦ ences. Box "1659, Call office. .'':''.
STRONG old man, care horse and buggy, milk
and garden work, handy with tools, wants a
¦ good home more than money. Box 1704, Call.
MAN and wife, young (English), want situa-
tions; private family; man [ coachman, etc. ;
, wife first-class cook; $55 up. Box 1706 Call.
YOUNG man wishes' position; city or country;
anything. Box 1678, Call office. : .
YOUNG, man with security wants position, of
any kind. Box 1683. - Call . office. -
SITUATION wanted as -collector; 4% days a
week to" spare. Address E. V., 415 Laurel st.
SITUATION wanted by experienced watchman.
Address J. * V., 415 Laurel st.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a reliable man; understands garden-
ing, care of: horses and milking; good refer-
ences. Box 1<39«. Call office.
MAN and wife, no children, want positions on
gentleman's place; good reference. : Address
box 1084.* Call office. - -
GARDENER and florist, first class, . married,
no children, -wants position on gentleman's
place; good reference. Address box- 1685, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS painter, middle-aged, • thor-
... oughly . experienced in-.all the branches, at
present employed . as . foreman, would like to
make a change for permanent position with
a corporation or other first-class concern.
Box 1687, Call! ' - \ V
WILL give $25 for a $50 position as bookkeeper,
correspondent or salesman; middle-aged ' Ger-
roan; best references.-. Box 1671, Call. ' .-
WILLING and strong Japanese wishes to take
care of garden or horse; speaks English. S.
FURUYA, 418A Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . . - '
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed: U. S.
' J licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per. cent Income bond propo-
s'tlon to guarantee stock Issues of. new en-
" ' terprlses; stocks underwritten on London" and
American plan; send; for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to*: date ¦ financial paper;
we have always opportunities for investors
. to come in on the ground floor of ' first-class
j propositions; correspondence solicited. 'Pacific
1 States Mining and Investment Co.,' 326 Post
St.; established 1892.' '¦'.-¦
/ ' FLATS TO LET. \ ;
CARL, 257, near Stanyan — New elegant modern
| sunny flat; basement- and yard;; near. Park.
$22— SUNNY, corner flat. 6 rooms, bath. 2051
- Fifteenth: St., corner Sharon. ..* . : V,-
FLAT, 470 Chestnut st.; near Powell: 5 rooms,
bath; $15. . ,' - ,
GOLDEN i GATE ; ave., .• 975— New upper i sunny
modern flat; 5 rooms and bath; no children.,
LOWER flat; 3 choice, sunny rooms ; : pantry,
etoreroom; $12. 2419 Clay st... near Flllmore.
MODERN flat, 0 rooms,- bath, yard, - basement ;
reasonable. ,1933 O'Farrell st. ,
PINE, .2132— 6 rooms, bath; all modern: large
back' yard; fine basement. Owner, "184 Pine.
SUNNY bay-window flat; 3 rooms, bath, gas;
. suitable for 2; key, at 524 Fell.- : - .--:-v-..-
.; FLATS TO LET-i-FURNISHED. •
A-rNEWLY furnished flat : of - five , roomo, all
,-"¦-¦ complete j for j housekeeping, • at j 38 McAllister,'
POLK.; 1002— Flats of 2 to '5 rooms 'for house-
'•"• keeping; complete.;- '¦,-.: • ¦'.- ' ¦ ' .' ' .' \
k vV ' .FURNITURE t FOR t SALE. ' .'¦ ¦: ; - ': .'
4 ROOMS furnished in-oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market."
816 ELL'lS;. furniture of 3 rooms; piano, sewing
¦machine, etc. :• price $300.- Call and see.
: - ¦'.';;. FURNITURE'; WANTED. - . -.'. ;/ : .-. '
BIG price paid for furniture , for 60 days; special:
reasons. S. J. WAUGH.-r." 415,: Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. : 773 Mission' et., pays highest
¦ price for second-hand furniture:, tel. Red 1354.
$£$ v* ¦' '¦•;.¦ 7 - ; . : p gl6ves.'; ¦.;:;; :. r ,'. ,-:-: ; : V -
D. &.F. BLACK suede gloves;best In theworld;
: warranted: kepf in' repair."; 121: Grant ave.
._.,., HELP_..:: WANTED— -FEMALE. ..
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS .OF AGE '.WILL
. FIND PLENTY OF. GOOD-PAYING WORK;
. .LEVI- STRAUSS' &• CO., 32% FREMONT
ASSISTANT pantry girl for restaurant. 725
Market St.: i - ¦¦ • ' .
WAITRESS; steady position; good pay; also
. girl to learn., 725 Market st.
GIRL wanted to work "in dry goods pit ore. 2909
: ""Twenty-fourth. " Hawima dry " goods '' store. • .
FIRST-CLASS Jacket and ' skirt hands. E.
MESSAQER, ) 145 Post St.'
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
• Apply 935 Market St., room 16. "
YOUNG lady compositor;, $8 week; steady. Call
616 Commercial st.'
WANTED — Lady piano player; road show; ex-
perience unnecessary. Box 1493, Call. ¦
TAILORESS on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 533 Natoma st.
FINISHER on custom coats. . 927 Market st.,
: room 623. - -
BONNAZ operators on cording and braiding.
. Parisian Embroidery Works, 636 Market Bt.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
•HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING ; STEADY WORK ; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32tf FREMONT
' ST."; MR." DAVIS. ' "' * • ' "
YOUNG girl for light housework; call after
9 a. m. 1053 Market st.," upstairs. .,'-..,
AN operator on pants; steady work. 36 Geary
i st., room 33. . • .. ¦ ' .:• - •
GIRL , for general . housework. Call after 10
, o'clock. _770 Cole'st. , y
WANTED— French or German girl for house-
. work. 523 McAllister st. . , ¦
GIRL to help- in dining-room, restaurant. 515
- Valencia st. ..,<,., . . ..... ¦
WANTED — 5 girls to learn hairdresslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
; required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tion waiting; private customers assure ,$50
to $75 per month; day I and- evening class.
College. 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15.
OPERATORS and . girls to learn. - Standard
.Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
Hairdressing, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing,' switches, etc. ; 2 wks., $5. College, 1236
Market, .rm. 1 , 04; splendid position; day, eve.
REFINED lady to travel. Box 16S6. Call.
GIRL . to ¦' assist with light .-housework; sleep
home. Apply at 2717 Union st. ..- . ¦ -..
EXPERIENCED operators on custom and stock
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st..
WANTEDr-Flrst-class . ironers at Oakland
Laundry; Co., 600 29th st., Oakland. ,. ;
PANTS operators 'wanted by S. N. .WOOD;&
• CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st. ¦ •¦-
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. . WPOD &
CO. . l Apply . at - factory,- 27, Geary st. '
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. ;. , 541 Market st. : ';' , ; "]
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st. v . . . .
WANTED — Experienced ¦ rhlrtmakers. . EAG-
LESON. & CO., ; 535 -Market st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch Office. 2200 Fillmore Et.
A BRANCH office - for; Call advertisements and
| subscriptions I has ; been , established at - 1096
'¦Valencia st. ¦ . ?. •'; -"- •¦• ¦•' \ :¦ -. V / ¦.'¦¦'
HELP WANTED-^-MALE.
A—. .;..... . . .....;...:. :.' ..;...
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 429 Bush, st.
' . ... . . 1 . new railroad work .... ....
! <* .-. . ... : ... : :: . for Nevada •......;:.• .
g j 2CKI0 teamsters "and ¦ laborers . . $2 ¦- to $2 25 day
100 concrete laborers-.".-.". .¦.:...'. .".'.. $2. a day
.. . . ... : V FOR \ CHATSWORTH (PARK . . . . ; .
' 500 tunnelmen,'' ;drillers.' headers - and - muck-
' : ,ers for 3 new tunnels, 'dry^ work ..'..$2 50 day
' ¦ C00 outside , laborers, j same place . ; $1 75 a day
:-. -.::::: :::.: . . .ship > daily ;. . . .... . . . . :. .'
K3 Free • fare '.'.'. . .' . iFree < fare . . . . .~ . Free fare
• C. , R: HANSEN & .CO ¦•¦•.-. 1 . .429 Bush Vst. y
EXPERIENCED ,' Uaundryman - and " wife -for
¦¦hand laundry, springs, $C0, fares paid. MRS
.'* M. E. * D AY; : 335. Gearyi st. O . :
MR.' and MRS: CANDY,' laundry hands, please--
¦ call.; MRS. M.i E/ DAY,- 335 Geary st.
ALL round 'blacksmith- who understands horse-
' shoeing,*, for springs.. MRS. M. E. ' DAY.. '335 >¦
-'. Geary st. :,'¦:.¦''•;- ':'.-. •„-).' '."•.•¦".¦.'., <¦ ¦"' •¦/,
SECOND" cook ' for nearby ." resort.' : light i work."
g $3C, ' see party , here. - MRS. 3 M. - E. DAY, 335
-v ', Geary ' st; '¦_¦';.¦;¦ ;.^*- ¦,.-¦¦, %•»•/..-•- -,„¦' :...•;¦/¦;¦.' ¦ ... ¦•¦;
STEADY,'; sober; man :* to '; tend cigar store;.'.no
"•.night or Sunday, work: require $75; full value
: . given. : -Particulars ; - 257- Fourth r st., corner
' FolBomri cigar- factory. i---V' v v ¦ :
ELDERLY. . man '- wanted ; for selling ' fruit ; and
'.'¦ vegetables-. on -waeron:- wages $15 month-and
found.. Call bet. <7. and 9 a., m.,* 128 Henry st.
PAPERHANGER wanted at 443 Bryant.
BOY -wanted to learn confectionery. 1205 Polk.
. near Sutter. .- . ' • ¦ : " .
WANTED — Partner to peddle fruit and vegeta-
bles. Box" 1707, Call office. '
WANTED— Steady waiter at 17 Washington
street. ¦ ¦ ,< ¦•¦¦¦- . .
100 MEN: great proposition; call or write;
sample 10c. NOVELTY CO.. 574 4th St.. S. F.
WANTED — A - good candy maker. Apply at
915 Market st. • , , •
WANTED — Good errand boy. E. MESSAGER,
145 Post st. :
PAINTER' wanted, at 347^ Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. 29 Stockton st.
GOOD barber. 947 Flllmore St., corner Mc-
Alllster.' ¦
DISHWASHER, good wages. 1337 Valencia at.
PORTER wanted. 17-19 Powell at.
BARBER shop and bathrooms In Vallejo, doing
a KOOd. business; cost $1000; to be sold at
' once at a barcrain. Apply JOS. R, BLEILY,
- Cor. -Fin. secretary J. B. I. W.. 927. Market.
WANTED — First-class brass finisher; one who
•is thoroughly familiar with marine and other
work of that character. Address MORAN
BROS. COMPANY, Seattle. Wash.
WANTED — A compositor who can run platen
presses; sit. steady; state wages. Address
Printer, Call office, Oakland. - -
WANTED — Solicitor. Call at 1322 Pacific St..
-' between 8 and 10 a. m.
I - WISH a good barber shop combined ' with
cigar store. Box ¦ 1697, Call office. ,
WANTED — For U. S..army. ablebodled unmar-
ried men, between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
. of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer. 121 New Montgomery ' at.. San
Francisco. . or Masonic building. Sacramento.
¦ A' ' • ' ' . ' ~
200 LABORERS AT HUNTERS POINT; $2
t PER : DAY. CITY STREET IMPROVE-
MENT COMPANY. . .
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
. men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo. ; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
to 4 p. m., ex. Sun., St. Nicholas Hotel, room
: 237, 1606 Market st. .
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
' character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lees than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. - For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— An up-to-date advertiser; one who
.-can carry on a campaign successfully . and
¦ be able to write ads for special sales; East-
ern man preferred; state age' and salary ex-
pected.. Box 1477, Call office. • ¦¦•-¦
WANTED — An experienced boys' and chil-
dren's clothing salesman. Apply 7:30 a- m
• Saturday at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S 718 Mar-
: ket st. . . >¦ . ¦ . . .- ¦ -.' i •¦; .
WANTED— Horseshoer with. $100 to Join a
practical man in big paying shop; horse
cart and $150 stock; good chance for suitable
party. P. S. DE LUCA. 313 Kearny st.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated-
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. . ' .
WANTED-pLaborers ¦ and mechanics to know
, that Ed Rolkln.* Reno House proprietor still
' runs Denver House, .217 Third st.; 150 "large
•*. rooms; 25c per^ night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman
.Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS. . * . -
SALESMAN -who can sell goods wanted for
wholesale drug .house; must -have Al-refer-
ences. -Address Box 1668, Call office. ;
EARNEST. young man willing to work for his
tuition. California Business. College 305
Larkln Rt. . " ', . ' .
WANTED-Man with $150 for cigar stand- $70
¦¦ month; no experience. - BROWN 12°1 Mar-
.: ket St.* ;. . . - ¦- ¦ ¦ K- „,. .-.-;;* -, -
WANTED — Jewelry salesman to sell new souv-
. enlr spoon > on ; commission. .: Box . 1662,' Call.
WA lf^? D -; A i ' 630 ; Market ' «•» ex-soldiers ' to
solicit and do clerical work. I O. E. HOWE.
S '^O^R^74^ r Ma^n. WOrte; WagM **-'
WANTED— A clean.- steady waiter. Ill Lar-
-¦ kin" st. ' .". .-'.•' /
WANTED— Wagon ' blacksmith. 537 Brannan
¦ :street. ¦ .-.:..- ¦. -¦ ¦¦ .. . ,
FIFTYvquarrymen, $2 per day. Apply 9 Sut-
ter st... second , floor. .
YOUNG ' man C to do Janitor . work for his tui-
tlon. S. F. ' Barber College. 741A. Howard. ;
PENSION and extra pay.< Write SHERWOOD
;•; 624 Markt. ; past com. » Wattrous Post,G.A.R.
— ; — , « m
TWO small and 1 large horse for sale at a
great bargain; party going East. 237 Geary.
STALLION by Dexter Prince; settling up es-
tate. KANE & DALY. Oakland.
WILL purchase good work horses weighing
1250 to 140O. Apply 26 Montgomery, room 14.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlving horses. ISth&Valecnia.
•AN- A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 8S3 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
N.E. cor. Sacramento and Steiner sts.; 8-room
dwelling; grounds; conservatory; modern
plumbing; rent low.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. . Apply
10 Ewer place. ' '. . .
$11 — SUNNY house; 6 rooms; basement and
yard. Key 2228 Geary st.
HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent — Teutonia Hall. 1332 Howard st^ bet.
9th and 10th. for a term of years; barroom,
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith.- For particulars address B".
HAGEMANN, Albany Brewery, 439 Eighth. ,
INVESTMENTS.
THE Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery rt..
• S. F. Call or write for particulars.
,~-/ j *!'OST AND FOUND.
LOST — A Mastiff dog, brown and ' grayt iuuw
Nero. Return to HENRY MUEOGB, corns*
Oak and Gongh sts; grocery; reward. ."
LOST — Sunday, 27th. small circular pin ti
pearls and leaves; keepsake; very liberal !••
ward. 2418 Gough st. .
LOST — Waltham watch between Park and &u-
tro line; good reward. MI33 J. CL, 1313
"Webster st.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel, strayad • from
1503 Buchanan st. Liberal reward for mam,
IT will pay to "Remember" that th« Califor-
nla Watch Case C<\. 220 Sutter St.. seeds oid
gold and silver to make new watch case*.
MATRIMONIAL. V
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887: reliable) aa4
confidential; lists 10c ' Mrs. .Herts. TOO Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar*
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ¦ -
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses; pillows: window
• shades. J. F. Hotter. 712 Mlsslon-.tel.Maln T30.
. MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DON'NELLi, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
ceses taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. Dr. G. W. CDON-
NELL. office & residence, 1018 Mkt., op. 5th.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladles"
' specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home ia
confinement ; hours 4) to 5 and 7 to S. ' Re-
moved to 1008 Va Market st., opposite 5th st.
MRS. D. WYETH 1 — Well-known ladles* special-
, ist, 30 years' experience, removed to lOOSVi
Market St.. opp. 5th; hours 9 to- 5 and 7. to 8.
THE women have greatly influenced the sale of
"K. R. K. R." on this Coast and East; "a
pure distillation; the essence, of certain
, pines, firs, etc.; delay not if uric add poison
is present: If .rheumatic and kidney troubles
. cause suffering, send 75c In stamps to KIN-
NEY MEDICINE CO., Los Angeles, for a
bottle. •
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero St.. near 13th —
Graduate of Royal University, Berlin; has 25
years' experience In midwifery, cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; Infants adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phonj Blue 411.
DR. .AND MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
122S to 112<t MarJcet st.
.MRS. DR. GOODW1X. ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital: home for Infanta free;
fee low. 906 Market St.. opp. 'Emporium.
MRS. D.ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement;; best medical care; low fees.
DR. C. TILLMAN. 1206 Mission st.. near 8th—
Reliable ladies' specialist; 10 yrs.' experience.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never fails:
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market* st,. nr. Sixth.
treats ladies only; relief, in all cases taken.
DR. NG TOY'KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
- Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tae
I United States or Canada one yew for U., BAKERSFIELD, , April 2a — George Antha
natoplo, a ¦ section - employe, was killed by a
train near Callente" last nlRht. \ '
. . We ' lived twelve .• or fifteen ; miles - from In
dependence,'Grayson County, .Va., and one day,
about four years aifo, Starke and I were on
the way hom« .from town. .We , were fooling
with . our revolvers on the road and I thought
I had fired all - the cartridges - in my pistol.
When, we reached the end of , our journey I,
In a spirit of fun, and believing that the cham
bers were empty, snapped the pistol at Starke.
To J my ¦ horror -a ' cartridge waa exploded and
Starke fell, -expiring "Instantly. ' The. shooting
was purely accidental, - but - 1 was frightened
by the result and at once left the country. I
first f went ' to - Seattle i and then came . to Mon
tana and have lived In this State about a year,
working around >; Helena and • Boulder. During
the years of; my. life In the • West I have gone
under the name of Green, but my rUht name
is ' John F.' Greer. . - . -;. . -¦ -;
HELENA, -Mont., -April 28.— Jolyj "-. F.
Greer, the man >who, while under the in
fluence of liquor Saturday ' afternoon,
gave himself into^ the : custody of 'Sheriff
Jeff O'Connell, confessing' that' he was
wanted In Virginia on a charge of killing
a man, -told his story at the County Jail
to-rday. , The crime ' for which Greer says
he is wanted Is the killing of his cousin
Starke Pierce.. Greer said: "
Fugitive Who Surrendered to Sheriff
of Helena Tells Story of His
Slight; :
GREEK CI/AIMS KILLHTG
WAS PXntELY 'ACCIDENTAL
A MONEY FOB DBYDOCKS.
For the completion of four.drydocks'at
Portsmouth, Boston, ' League Island and
Mare Island, $1,050,000 Is apropriated. •
: Other public works include: ':;
New York, $499,000; League Island, $447,
300: Mare Island/ $225,500; Puget Sound,
$748,500; Tutuila, $93,000;' Cavlte, $233,500.
The United States Naval ; Academy is
given $500,000 to carry on the plan of-im
provement. ; The committee calls atten
tion, to the lack of officers sufficient to
officer the new ships and to fill this de
mand additional cadets at the academy
are provided for, 125 each year during the
next four, years. ;
Each' Senator, member and delegate of
the House of Reprsentatlves is to have
the appointment of one and the President
twenty-four, these being allotted during
the period of four , years. An additional
sum of $229,905 is provided for the civil
administration of : the Naval Academy.
Under the steam engineering and v con
struction bureau's extensive improvements
are to be made in their respective plants
at Boston, New York, Norfolk, League
Island, Puset Sound and other points.
The bill carries $2,938,465 for the Marine
Corps. . . ¦ •
Other Interesting features of the bill are
provisions for a board of naval officials
to recommend a site for a naval station
at some point on the- Great Lakes;: an
Increase of the. enlisted force of the navy
by«3000 men; provisions for a new navy
ration as reported. by a naval board; an
increase in the number of cadets at the
academy by 500. ; - ' ¦'¦ , ¦• ¦ . }<
The detailed statement shows that the
appropriation bill carries 577,659,386, which
Is slightly below the appropriation I made
last year. - - r'r i> ¦
The naval training station- at California
receives $30,000; -at Rhode Island. $55,000;
naval home, Philadelphia, $76,000; naval
war college, $14,246. For armor and arma
ment the bill provides $4,000,000. This 13
considerably above the estimates, owing
to the rapidity .with which the armor ma
kers are turning out their product. Im
portant items under the . Bureau of Ord
nance are: '¦...'
Smokeless powder/ $500,000; battery for
New Orleans and Albany, $200,000; reserve
guns for auxiliary cruisers, $250,000; re
serve guns for navy, $250,000; Newport
torpedo station, $65,000; naval militia,
$60,000. ¦ ' ~* .-. - ;
The Bureau of Ordnance and Bureau of
Equipment receive- $640,000 for depots for
coal. ¦ . • " '
For ' public work on yards and docks
$6,561,075' is appropriated, or about one
third of what was asked. The Navy De
partment made' estimates for a naval sta-'
tion at San ~ Juan, Porto Rico, to cost
$2,613,000, but the committee reports that
"it would be wise not to provide for any
naval station in the West Indies until we
have a more definite knowledge as to the
best location for one." v . —':":'
MOBE. CADETS ABE NEEDED.
RECOMMENDS &EW SHIPS.
Concerning new ships for our navy, the
report says:
The committee recommends that for the pur
pose of further increasing the naval establish
ment of the United States the President shall
have constructed two first-class battleships,
carrying the heaviest armor and most powerful
ordnance for vessels of their class upon a trial
displacement of about 16,000 tons, and to have
the highest practicable speed and* greatest
radius of action, and to cost, exclusive - of
armor and armament, not exceeding $4,212,000
each: two tirst-class armored cruisers of about
14,500 ton* trial displacement, to cost, exclu
sive of armor and armament, not exceeding
$4,659,000 each, and two gunboats of about
1000 tons trial displacement. In view of ' the
fact that there Is some public sentiment favor
able to the building in our Government navy
yards. It has been deemed' advisable by this
committee to Insert a provision in the appro
priation bill this year leaving it to the discre
tion of the Secretary of the Navy to build any
or all shirs in Government yards, but mak
ing it mandatory on him to construct at least
one battleship or one armored cruiser in such
navy-yard as he may designate . as an experi
ment, and it is further provided that he shall
keep an account of all expenditures for labor
and material in the inspection and construc
tion of such ships, and report to Coneress at
each session, and on the completion of said
ships he shall make a detailed report showing
the relative cost of one built by the Govern
ment and one built by contract. It i3 believed
by your committee that nothing short of an
experiment of this kind will show whether pri
vate contractors have been reasonable In their
bids and serve for the future guidance in the
construction of our navy. An appropriation of
$175,000 Is recommended for each yard in
which a ship Is built. \
The complete cost of the two first-^lass bat
tleships, two first-class armored cruisers and
two gunboats, with a total tonnage of 63,000
tona, will approximate $29,500,000. These bat
tleships and cruisers will be larger than any
heretofore • authorised by- Congress, and the
plans recommended by the board of construc
tion already have excited the favorable com
ment of the naval" authorities abroad. ' The
committee • is - of -the opinion that -in-recom
mending the above naval programme it Is mak
ing a nubstantlal and healthy Increase In our
navy and one which will meet everywhere with
popular favor. ; . .. — • ' /.-
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The naval
programme of 1903, as presented In the na
val appropriation bill arid the report filed
to-day by Chairman Foss of the House
Naval Committee, is one of unusual inter
est.. The report does not take as optimistic
a 'view- of our naval progress aa is gen
erally held, and Foss points out that com-:
paratively few of our ship's have, any real
fighting value. He accompanies this with
a statement N of the enormous naval ar
mament and progress of other countries,
particularly Germany. It Is shpwn by
the report that the total number of vessels
of our navy, built and building, is 138, and
the total cost will be ?235,082,»)9. The re
port adds:.
i While we have i built and are bulldine all
told 138 ships, yet comparatively few of them
have any real fighting value. Our naval
rrowesj lies almost entirely in our eighteen
battleships, eight armored cruisers and twenty
cne Drotected cruisers. The rest of our' ships
would cut but little figure in actual war. Ships
of the battle line practically alone contain the
naval strength of the nation. -_":;
Referring 1 to the naval programmes, the'
report says:
Of all the countries German has been build
ing during the last few years faster than any
of the others. Her ship-bulldlng programme
started in 1898 and will be completed In 1908,
possibly In 1907. Instead of I'jio. as at first
planned. This programme will give her in all
thirty-eight battleships, fourteen large cruis
ers, thirty-eight smaller cruisers and- ninety
six torpedo boats. After the completion of this
programme the plan contemplates new con
structions to replace ships which, though still
serviceable, may have reached the prescribed
age limit, j
Says Few of Our Ships Have
• Any Real Fighting/
. Value. > vJ
Hous9 Committee^.Files
a Report of Unusual
Interest.
AMERICAN NAVY
IS TOO SMALL
THE SAN FE^NCISCa CALL, -TUESDAY, APRIL 29i 1902.
13
FRUITV ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
. FRPITVALB •'rBA1.; ; - ; IMTATO^^_
FOR sale — 5 acres, Rose ave. and High st,
Frultvale. A. R. HARRISON, 78 Geary st.
OAKLAND" ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICt— 1118 BROADWAY.'
OAKLAyp : B.EAI^ KSTATE.
$5 CASH, $2 50 monthly— 2 «lots, 25x150; price
$3» each. ,
$20 cash, $5 monthly — Lot 100x100; price
$250 In all.
$50 cash, $5 month — i lots, 100x100; trees
and shrubbery-; price $300. .
$75 cash, $7 50 monthly— 8 ; lots, 100x200;
fine oaks and laurel' trees; price $575. - • '
$05 cash, $10 monthly— 200x200; price $985
in all; fine soil; grand view; superb climate;
near electric car line; fine school; building up
rapidly with a good class of people; no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh st, oppo-
site Broadway -station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner. -
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET. j
TO let for 3 or 4 months, completely and ele-
gantly furnished double cottage, 7 rooms, in
East Oakland; large corner lot 150x150; gar-
den; fruit trees. Address box 1413. Call.
OAKLAND^FURNITCRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month! 5)
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1200—5 ROOMS arid bath; Windmill and tank;
fine corner lot; cne block to train; $200
I cash, bal. $15 month. W. C. MORAN. & CO.
$1500 — NEW 4-room cottage on 100-foot , street.
W. C. MORAN & CO. ;
$2500 — NEW 8-room house with every modern
Improvement; lot 50x140; on 80- foot street;
one-half block to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1500 — MUST be sold this week; 8 rooms; lot
45x100, on corner; 3 blocks to cars: $200
cash, bal. $15 per month. W. C. MORAN
& CO., Lorln station and Schmidt block,
Berkeley.
COTTAGE— 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc. ; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ApXR^SE7?T^f^Tlig^Th^ulekeepingTTu^nIshl
ed sunny suit, with kitchen; all modern im-
provements; bath; telephone; $16 to $20 suite.
ST. JAMES. McAlllBter and Laguna sts.
BELL (The), 1773 ' Market— Suriny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20.
BIRCH ave., 615—3 rooms, unfurnished," for
housekeeping; rent $7. Apply 642 Grove st.
BRODERICK, 1924—3- desirable furnished
housekpg rooms; coal and gas range; bath.'
BUSH, 1001, cor. Jones — Van Nuys; modern
furn. and unfurn. suites; new house; hot and
cold water; baths; electric lights; first-class.
EDDY, 724 (middle flat)— Fine front room,
newly and well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold water for bath, phone, with two
other well furnished rooms, all complete for
housekeeping; every- convenience; see them;
suitable for £ or 4 adults; reasonable. -
FIFTEENTH, 2136, north of Market st.— 3 un-
furnished housekeeping rooms in cottage.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite,- 2 large rooms; bath, ¦ gas, range; etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1005—3 nicely furnished
rms. ; bath; gas; water; phone; -private; reas.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404 — 2 nicely furnished
front eunny rooms, y ltn kitchen; reasonable.
GROVE. 104, near Polk — Furnished front suite
rooms for housekeeping, $15 per month. -
HOWARD. 1068, bet. 6th and 7th— Sunny
' housekeeping rooms; all conveniences; rent
moderate. ¦
HOWARD, 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, 408— rSunny front alcove suite, complete
for housekeeping; -also one large room.
LARKIN, 1010— Newly furnished rooms, sln-
gle or en suite; very reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1151 — 2 beautiful sunny housekpg.
suites; gas ranges, run, water, phone; cheap.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Sunny front room
with kitchen; bay-window; gas stove; $0.
PIERCE. 3000—2 eunny front rooms, with
piano and use of kitchen and bath; rent $10.
POWELL 41594— 2 unfurnished rooms, suita-
blt, for housekeeping; in rear. '
POWELL 919 — 3 housekeeping rooms; ' top"
floor; adults. '
STANYAN, 112S — 3 tunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms; near park: reasonable.
STOCKTON. 1206— Model house; newly furn.
single, double hskpg. rms.; free gas; bath.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
TWO or three nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.. 705 Clayton st
2 FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping,- 520
Capp st. ¦¦¦--' ¦ ¦¦ ' - -
HOOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
- light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Misston — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50o to
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A — EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary —
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.'
A— VENDOME. 1104 Market— Changed hands ;
. renovated; furn. suites.' Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 33c.
$1 50 night; $1 50, $6 week; open all night
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly f urnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class family hotel. Address L. IL C, 26
¦ Montgomery st, room 14. .. '_•.-.>
JESSIE, 363— Near Fifth and Market, furnish^
ed room, $5. .
JONES, 317 — Front or back parlor, alone or en
.suite; also, single and 1 housekeeping suite.
McALLISTER, 320 — Large, comfortable rooms,
with housekeeping privileges.
MINNA," 667, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1514; near Eleventh— Clean, airy
¦ room, suitable for 1 or 2, $1 CO per week.. •
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
of flees; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 129A, near Orpheum — Nicely fur-
nished front and back parlors; en suite or
.single; others. •-¦ . ¦...- ¦ .', ¦ ¦ ¦-.
O'FARRELL, 426, near Jones — House- Just
changed hands; newly. renovated; reasonable.
O'FARREL, 914 — Neatly furnished, sunny al :
cove front room; reasonable:. ;
OLIVE ave;, 127, nr. Van Ness— 2 unfurnished
rooms, J6 60 per month. ,.-;/. ,
ROYAL House, . 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
- lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths./
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.)
SUTTER, 908 — Comfortable furnished rooms;
suites or, single. * , :*.¦•'.•.. V"
TAYLOR, 518 — Large, 'sunny back parlor;
light housekeepg If desired ; also single.
TO Let— Sunny furnished room, near Cali-
fornia and Hyde st. cars; 15 minutes' walk
- from Market and Kearny sts. ; rent $8 - per
month. Box 1475. Call. :;. / ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillciore.
, : ROOMS AND BOARD. ; • :
SWELL board and room for 2 ! young I gentle-
men or young couple; very reasonable; nice
, location. Phone White 1675. ¦
THE CORBIN. 836 Sutter— Elegant cor. suite
- and } single rooms; . table first-class; phone
Polk 4102. i ,.¦,:>¦-_ .
CALD7ORNI A, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
'family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
FULTON,', 636— Large front sunny room, ' with
or without board, for ; $2; ¦; private family, rr
HOWARD, 1129, '.'corner "Rausch — Furnished
/rooms with or. without board. ,, . ;;-'
LAMBOURNE '- 420 ; Eddy— Hlgh-clasa "• house;
- furnished suites ; or single; steam heat. , ¦ ' -. ?
VAN- NESS, '519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; -first-class table board.
VAN ¦ NESS ave.; PlS^-Sunny i rooms, ¦' excellent
•board, $45 and $10; 'also a, large front'sulte.
ROOMS WANTED. ,
FOUR ¦ connecting rooms oi* part, of house for
housekeeping; 2. adults; permanent; -Mission.
•¦Box 1650, 'Call office. -.; ;.• ••-- •¦.-'-::.-.•.
WANTED-3 j housekeeping rooms;" 3 a adults;
" state particulars. Box 1709 Call office. - ¦> '.-.
2 ROOMS, one front' also place for dog; single
man; between 5th and tth. Box 1705. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought,' sold/ rented," exchanged; re--
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144.205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing;
loweet rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
BAD tenants ejected'for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex., 571. :
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
slon st. ;^tel. Howard 941; F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
' tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; rhone Jackson 281.
TO LEASE. ~~T
ROSS VALLEY — To, lease; summer resort
- known as Tamalpats Villa, cottages, grounds,
etc., suitable for hotel purposes; 48 minutes
from city to Kent Station. Apply to G. E.
BUTLER. 41.3 California st.
TYPKWRITERS_AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT. BARGAINS IN TYPEWRlTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
. house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
.Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER. Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors:estlmate free. 209 Sansome. ;
TYPEWKITING AND MIAIjEOGRAPHiNG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies; 2c; mlm-i
eographlng. 927 Market, mi. 301; Jessie 1554;
PROPOSALS. ~~
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon. May
13, 1902, . and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard, Mare
Island, Cal., a quantity of nuts,' burrs, fire-
brick, twine, burlap, curled -hair, dry goods,
mats, screws, brads, nails, coal baskets, hard- .
¦ ware, drills, iron, copper, brass, lead, tin,
¦ colder gum gasket, packing, alcohol. Unseed
' Oil, white lead painta, litharge, sapollo, ¦ pipe,
"pipe fittings, valves/ stationery;- tools, : files,
. emery cloth, sand, broken stone, generating
Bets, piles and lumber. Blank proposals will
be/ furnished upon application to the Bureau
•,or to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco,
Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster Gen. U. S. N.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
. Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. May
6, 1902, and publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Naval. Hospital
and the M. and 8. Storehouse, Mare Island,
Cal.. the dally supply of meats,, groceries,
.butter, eggs, -cheese, ice, milk, bread, vege-
tables and provender for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1003. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the Naval Hos-
pital, Mare Island,. Cal., or to the Navy Pay
Office. San Francisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY,
¦ Paymaster General U. S. N. : .\- . ¦ \
PROPOSALS will be received at the'Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, . Navy Department,-
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. May
6. 1002, and - publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard, Mare
Island, Cal., the dally supply of fresh beef,
fresh vegetables, fresh bread, ice - and pro-
. vender : for the . fiscal year ending June 30,
1003. Blank proposals will be furnished upon
application to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay
• Office, San Francisco, Cal. • A. S. . KENNY,
Paymaster General- U. S. N. . . - :
DIVIDEND NOTICES. -
TO holders of mortgage bonds of the Market
Street Cable Railway, Park and Ocean Rail-
road, Omnibus Cable, Powell Street Railway,
. Park and Cliff House Railway, ' Ferries and
Cliff House Railway, Market Street- Railway
and Sutter Street Railway Companies:
Notice Is hereby given that Interest coupons
of mortgage bonds of the above-mentioned
. companies will be paid hereafter at the office
• . of the treasurer of the United Railroads of
San Francisco, room 00, Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express building, 49 Second st, San Fran-
cisco. . GEO. B. WILLCUTT..
Secretary United Railroads of San Francisco.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses 'were issued
yesterday:. - ;¦¦•-[ ,..>..¦„ ,„ •>**.;.,•>:,•_. ¦.
-Sol Kahn, 33, 1800 Sutter street, and Miriam
B. Levy, 25, 1359 Post street. ¦ -- \ ..
Elgin K. Gillet, 20, 2411 Harrison street, and
Ida M. Buzzlni, 17, 22U Olive avenue.
August Wegener, 58, 1110 Indiana street, and
Catarlna Naubauer. - 53, 800 Iowa 'Street.
Charles C. Henry, 46. 264% Natoma street,
and Harriet Rettis:, 30, Cairo, 111. .
Michael L. Sullivan, 24, 44 Third street, and
Ada BledBoe, 20, Windsor, Mo. .- .¦ ¦
Charles J. Perry, 21, Centervllle, Cal., and
Mary S. Denis, 21, city.
Oscar R. Johnson, 30. city, and Mary C.
Stone, 30, city.
George H. Qulnton, 27, 10 Chattanooga
street, and Maud M. Crossfleld, 23, 419 Bryant.
Charles W. Becker, 3 48, city, and Mary A.
Becker, ¦ 48, city. > - - - ¦ . ~ •
Gilbert B. Perkins, 30. New York City, and
Clara Huntington, 24. city. ' . —
Gottlieb Orau. 155, 314 Brazil avenue, and
Amalie Langmack, 84, 314 Brazil avenue.
Edgar C. Gribble, 2tS, Palace Hotel, ' and
Fanny E. Brown, 18, 522 Hill etreet ..
James B. Stovall, 21, 712 Fillmore street,
and Alice L. Chase, IS, 811 Mason street
Alois ICohn, 34, city, and Celia Stern, 28,
city.
Marley F. Hay/ 22, 1821 Oak ' street, and
Alice S. Boobar. 19. 763 Cole street.
Fred L. Martin, 33,' Sacramento, Cal.,' and
Henrietta A. Schammel, 25, city. •
Lo Foon. 1 35. city, and Yee • Wong Nini, 80,
city. -•-¦-¦ . • " ; v'. ¦.-•. -¦ ¦¦¦-•-• .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATgS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and- ba
Indorsed- with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. j
ALKUS— In Oakland, April 26. 1902, to the
. wife of Harry L. Alkus, a son. • • ¦
COLES— In this city, April 25. 1902, to the
wife : of H. P. Coles, a daughter. .
CUMMINS— April 27, 1902, to the wife ' of
George W. Cummins, a son. -
GEIDE — In this city, April 2S. 1902, to the
wife of Fred. J. Gelde, a daughter."
WEINSHENK— In this city, Aprill8, 1902, to
the wife of Sydney ,Welnahenk. a daughter.
MARRIED. .-.'. .;.'-
ANDERSON— KRIKSON— In this city, April
26, 1902,. by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius,
pastor Lutheran . Ebenezer Church,' John W.
- Anderson and Ida Erikaon.
ANDERSON— MORTIMER— In this city. April
26, 1902, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
, I First English Lutheran Church, Martin L.
• Anderson of Tellurlde. Colo., • and Anna I.
; Mortimer of San Francisco. • • .
COFKR— CHAMBERS^-In this city, April 27,
j 1902, by thef. Rev^ John Stephens. John El*
i-'liatt Cofer of ' San Francisco and Grace
..-Chambers -of Covelo, Cal. .- ..-.-,
DODD-^GERTZ— In this I city, April 24, 1902,
- by the Rev.: John Stephens, William E. Dodd
and Clara C. Gerts, both of San Francisco. -
GILLET— BUZZINI— In : this city. April 26/
1902, by the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell, Elgin K.
Gillet and Ida M. Buzzlni, both of San Fran-
cisco. ¦ : . ( •- . "...
HATHAWAY— WILLIAMS— In this city, April
26, 1002,* by the Rev. Dr. H. H; Bell. Harry
• A; Hathaway and Mrs. Julia A. Williams,
both of San Francisco.
HENRY— COX— In this city, April 26, 1902, bv
. the Rev. John Stephens, Harry Henry . and
Nettie E. Cox, both of San Francisco. • • -,
OPIE— MORRISON— In this city, April 26,
1902, -by the Rev. John- H. Kerr, D.D.,- Owen
-H. Opie and Kate D. : Morrison, both ot San
j Francisco.
PARK— RILEY— In- this city, April 28/' 1902,
. by the Rev. Dr. H.^rBell, Joseph Park and
" Mary A. ' Rlley, • both of San Francisco.--- ' v
WIELHELM— MERCIER— In this 'city, : . April
25, 1902. by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius,
pastor of Lutheran Ebenezer Church, Charles
.' J.- Wlelhelm and CatherinKAI. Mercier. - - .
WILLIAMS — JOHNSON — In this city, •April
21, 1902. by the Rev. Dr. H. . H. Bell. Oliver
-. Williams' and Ellen C. Johnson of Stewarts
i Point, Cal. • • ;: .? •-.-¦¦
_ . -* .- :" DIED.
.Atwood, Daisy '. ' Johnson, Frederick '
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
-. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)'
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN.. Mgr. >
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS."
20 Fifth St., opposite, Lincoln School./ .
..;.' . ¦:•; ¦ Telephone South. 80. *:,;......
"Mt; Olivet
¦« ¦:'¦/ ' '¦ —NEAREST THE CITY. .
:Office,V9l6 Market Street.^
•-',' ¦ - :','"- v Telephone Bush' 3C7./?.' . "j *•..,-.-..¦
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
¦ • Samuel McFadden.* 1 16 ' years manager ° for
the United 'Undertakers'.: Association; M. J.'
• McBrearty," with! the same company ¦ for, 10
years ; ; P. F." Green, late . with ' J. C. . O' Con- j
¦: nor ; & Co.',' have \ opened ! new , Funeral ¦ Par-
lora at 1171 Mission st., between .Seventh'
and Eighth.- Telephone South 44. .-/
OIL LANDS.
FOR Sale — Cheap; 10 acres, patented land, sec-
tion 29-2S-28; heart of Bakersfield district;
one well on property; oil guaranteed under
every foot. L. W. MYERS, Laughlin bulld-
lng, Los Angeles. ¦- '-. ¦
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET'
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 027 Market st—
Light, cheerful offices. $15@25 .per month;
light, heat janitor and telephone. , ¦
6TOKE with large basement, below Kearny; al-
terations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co., 310 3d st; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J..
] C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. : tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY. '
FREE readings to the first 3 callers dally this
week; Mrs. E. Pearce, scientific busineseu
palmist, 104 Turk.T. 28; 10 a. m. to 9 p. m#
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Pott Bt., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor et. bet. Geary and Posttel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
A — CERTUS
/ Actually grows hair on bald heads; cleanses
and beautifies the hair; promotes a luxuriant
growth; never fails to restore gray hair; cures
dandruff, scalp diseases and hair falling;
price $1 (to agents 50c): everybody should
write for trial package. Bohemian Hair and
Skin Specialists. 131 Post st.. third floor, S.
F. ; treatment and consultation free.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et, between Seventh and Eighth. v
MY hair dressers are all artists.
Hair dressing 25s
Shampooing : .50c
Manicuring 23c
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and -jackets With postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 1021 Market at, near Sixth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 80 mm. Miss A.V.Doyle,17C2 Mkt, op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market. ;
FACIAL MASSAGE TREATMENTS— FANNY
BRIGGS CARR system and preparations.
HENDERSON. 223 Powell st
WANTED — To correspond with a young lady
about 25 years of age; object matrimony.
Box 14S5. Call office.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
• and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st ._ '
I MAKE first-class wigs and front pieces;
Balrdressi-ig, 25c; ehampoolng, 50c; manlcur-
Ing 25c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st
MONET loaned at low .Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
A — If your hair is falling or»you are bald, call on
Dr.Q.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS balr and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton. 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE, German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy et., corner Mason.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed I
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural, color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURC
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists. . - vv
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGiSONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured;. no pay until cured;
no operation, no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld, 6 Turk.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102H4 Market St.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
REAL, ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
$3000 — COTTAGE of 9 rooms and bath; Mc-
Allister st., near the park.
$4200 — House of 7 rooms and bath; house re-
cently renovated; Geary, west" of Fillmore.
?2200 — Lot; Clayton st. near the park; 25x120.
J. ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery st.
HAIGHT and Fillmore sts., northwest corner;
transfer point: 150x137:6. . ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sale
AMONG the great many genuine bargains in
all classes and location of ranch property
on my enormous list, I wish to call to your
special attention the following; unprecedented
offer of'C — 10 — 20— any part of 100 acres; lo-
cated almost adjoining the depot, steamer
. landing and city limits of Napa; Vi-mile
from that immense cannery and all the fac-
tories: all highly cultivated level loam; per-
fect grardtn soil; ideal location for suburban
home; no better fruit, vineyard or vegetable
. land in the State (would produce $250 crop
of tomatoes per acre every year); now plant-
ed to corn; unequaled for poultry; a splendid
general farm; price only $60, $75 and $125
per acre; easily double the money.
N. D. SICKELS. publisher of the Weekly
Descriptive Land Journal, 6 Geary st., S. F.
BEAUTIFUL mountain ranch and home of 160
acres; 10 acres In. vineyard, orchard; 5- room
cottage completely furnished; barns, wagon
and Implements; abundance of water and
most picturesque retreat in the State; 60
miles from city. Apply F. W. MEYER,. 1453
Devisadero Bt, city.
FOR SALE.
Ten acres with good Improvements; five-room
house and barn; large orchard; big oak trees;
one mile west of Fair Oaks station, on Polhe-
tnus Tract: any reasonable offer will be con-
sidered; no agents. CHRIST BECK, Aul Del,
Redwood City. ' ¦ • .
600 ACRES at a bargain; fine land; no adobe;
oak • trees; Very best of Improvements; good
water supply; adjoining railroad station; 12
trains each way dally; just the place to sub-
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
¦ FOR SALE NEAR BAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general fanning. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information.
A SNAP— Finest country home in San Matco
County; 23 acres of beautiful grounds;- ele-
gant residence, barns, etc.; % mile lrom sta-
tion; 29 miles from - city; 26 daily trains.
GEO. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. . .
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dcct.. American Guaranty and. Trust
- Co., Hayward building.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
.lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 027 Mkt, r. 203.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F., & San J.
CHOICE country • lands for sale. Land Dept.
AmerlcanGuaranty&Trust Co., Hay ward bldg.
- SUHURIJAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1 ; rent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo. .
, REALTY TO . EXCHANGE.
BEAUTIFUL home in town of Santa Clara;
. lot 305x215; 9-room house; tankhouse; wind-
mill: .city water; stable; artificial lake; fish
pond: outhouses; exchange for city property.
SPARROW. 107 Geary Et. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL" ESTATE.
BTwSATNir^AR^ATNiT^ARGAINin""""
$1200 buys a good cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; lot 50x150; a snap.
$2500 buys 8-room house; lot 35x150; a bar-
Ka See the ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park »t. Alameda.
Homes built, rented and exchanged.
¦: ALAMEDA ROOMS.
$8 — ELECTRIC light east front; bay-window,
porc'n bath; select. Box 4208, Call, Oakland.
mSCELLAygOJCS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machSeryTMcTN^
TOSH & WOLPMAX. 198-197 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND boilers, engines, pumps, dy-
namos, motors, water pipe, belting bought,
sold and exchanged. H. S. WHITE, 130-132
Beale et. -
A — BUYS, sells or rents cear. machinery, en-
gir.es, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-2S5 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
.' and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
BrunsTvick-Balke-Collender Co.. C52 Mission.
FOR Sale — 20 to 25 head cows and heifers;
good lor beef or stocking; Jerseys and Hol-
Eteins. ¦ J. F. PERL, Angel Island.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FIXE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLCTHIN'G PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WESTINGHOUSE alternating current motor,
2 H. P., 2 phase; cheap. 153S Kentucky st.
flO — DOMESTIC sewing machine; in good con-
dition. 1571 Market st.. near Twelfth.
FOR Sale — Second-hand Columbia bicycle; in
good order; cheap. 141 Thirteenth st.
NEW beer pump for sale; cheap. Inquire 1697
Folsom et.
FOR EALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montr y.
F.dison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
PAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machlnery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan. _
1ST -CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 610 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton Et. ; phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — A second-hand safe; give size and
price. Address Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
Point Lobos ave.. S. F.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
PRIVATE party wants a few nice diamonds;
email or large. Box 1443, Call.
RELIABLE party wants a few nice diamonds;
small or large. Box 1443. Call. -
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizee. any
condition. FamsworthEIectricalWks..418Turk.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Loweet Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held in Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgagee
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
.........24 Montgomery ft., room 3
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN "CO. One).
$300,000 at 5H and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties: loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO. CROCKER BUILDING. .
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first, '
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market Et. ; tel. Main 16*4. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgagee and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianoE • no removal ; low rates ; conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market.
S F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
• « • ¦:.=•.<< people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos: no removal; money quick:
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
llable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, : by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING €16 Examiner b!g. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. et 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. Et. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104, 5th fir.
Z% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal
Phone Blapk 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE Mills building, will loan sums to
cult; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st..- r. L
CABH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ON" furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
• plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ES we are now decorating our new wareroomB
and hall and must have the room, every piano
is cut to the lowest possible figure. Over 200
on our floors, of which the following are a
few. P.ents, ?2; installments, $3, or your
own terms: - . 'V'
1 Bourne i VI7
1 Weber 85
1 Knabe - 95
1 Marshall 135
1 Haynes .' 155
3 Smith & Barnes $135 to 240
2 Steinways 265 to 385
3 Heine 235 to 385
2 Chickerlng 195 and 280
10 Hallet & Davis 1C5
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine HalL 235-237
Geary st ' -•' J -
WE have a choice lot of good Instruments,
slightly used, that can be obtained upon very
easy terms and at low prices. . We have also
WlsKner-Baumeister and Stodard pianos.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769
Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
ctTer exceptionally fine pianos and. largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAX. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter its.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. .
*TTENTION. BARGAIN- HUNTERS— ,.-
Xecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
square pianos from $50 up. -
"X-nd-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
»inos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
eON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertng, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a.
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st; established 1850.
LUDWIG pianos— Most popular of all. For eale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
et.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. s
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayee st.
Compelled sacrifice by private family leaving,
$550; new upright grand piano. £35 Ellis St.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue,$250. Bnienn.208PosC
fl70;srreat sacrifice :almost new upright. Schmits
tc Co.. 16 McAllister st, next Hlberla Bank.
A LOT of storage, pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market et
ALMOST new large size Stelnway upright left
on eale; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-31O-312 Post st; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. H
- MtTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OIL.
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In rood order; all eizei;
cheap. H. B. WHITE. 130-132 Beale et. -
ShanphaftFlorisreo.
¦S-^e ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
¦ I :¦'¦'- - Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.NtARELLlS Z7TS. 5056
* - A Ti y h wy i RTflfr y. m ts.
' Positively cured by theso
-, •'.:", Littlo Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia," Indigestion' and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for ' Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. ' Small Dose.
Small Price.
jiV: OCEAK TBAVEI.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
it. Steamers leave Broadway,
B*W-__ Wharf, San Francisco:
lS^n& ' V ' For Ketchikan. Juneau.
HJwOR^.'- Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
' H?>^V»« «"¦• A P r11 19 - 21 - 2U - May U
ErakjSSBV&a Change to company's steam-
KS»S«#A1 ers at Seattle.
f^&^^S&S For Victoria, Vancouver.
"^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
¦¦-,-¦ wmg Everett. New What-
• N c e oTBVy%^ C rApr5 ly ik 20. 23. Mar «. a
Bam- Cm*. »*. m. (freight only). April 1*.
%ot Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. | an ,.{°"
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
U»rGuaymas (Mex.)-10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is rsserved to changa steamers or sail-
to TICXFT OVFXCTi— • New Montgomery
'^OODALlT MNS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
uw " 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
, .. : _— -FOR— ;.;
- " ' LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR •"• •GSll J
VALENCIA ...... JUNE t
And fortnlebtly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 21 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. - Tha
new and elegant steamships • Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger ratea and Nonw
folder, apply Ticket' Office. 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS St CO., Gen. Airents,
•-- 10 Market St.. San Franciscn.
O.R.&N.CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. May 3, 13, 23,- June J
SS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails
April 29. MayS. 19. 2S
Steamer sails from foot cf Spear st., 11 a. m,
D. W., HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y. S. F.
TOYO IBM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. . No cargo received on board on day of
SS. "NIPPON MARTJ..... Friday. May 9th. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARTJ
Wednesday. Juna 4th. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU...
-• ..' ..Saturday ."June 23th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratea. Fox
freight and passage apply at company's of flee,
421 MArket street, corner First.
A • W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
fACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sud Americana da Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. .Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 8, pier 10, 12 m. *
GUATEMALA. .May 10 [COLOMBIA.... June 21
PALEN A. ..:.. May SlITUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger, service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end passenger office. 316 California street.
" BALFOUR, QOTHRIE fc CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R, S1 ff
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. |105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll...... Sails Thursday. May 1
S. S. Leelanaw .'.Sails Saturday. May 10
"From Harrison-st- Wharf. Pier 16. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent
JfamburgJtmerican.
TWIX-SCKEW 'EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia ..:...May 8TA/ Victoria.... May 22
Deutschland ...May 15|F. Bismarck. ...May. 2!)
TWIN-SCREW KASSEXGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Moltke ...May 6j\Valdersee May 20
Patricia .......May ..May 21
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, IN. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast. ; 401 . California st.. San Francisco. . - •
oceanjcs.s.co, sil
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thura., May 1. 7 p. m.
SS.; AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.... ?'..
....Sunday, Ma/ 4. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu .....'.. ;i
I Saturday. May 10, 2 n. m.
J. D. SPBICHLS k BEOS. CO., Generalise., 329 Maifct
Gen'l Pass, dee, 643 Maim si, Pier ya. 7, Paciflc st.
LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Philadel..May.7. 10am St. Louis.May 21,10am
St. Paul. May 14, 10 ani.Philadel.May 28,10 am
RED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Friesland..May 7. noon IVader lad. May 21, noon
Southwk..May 14, noonlKensingn:May 2S. noon
. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. G. A. P. C. .30 Montgom'y «t.
COXPASNIS ' SSKEEALS TSaHSaTLaNTIQITE
DIRECT. LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS^ -^j^^
Ealllng every Thursday, instead of -ijfizRSEm
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier iz, > iwril
North . River, foot of - Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
Class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
•AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. , J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Padflo Coast
Agents.. & Montgomery, avenue.- San Francisco.
Tickets -sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND iy?EE • STEAMEJ&a
FoFiTTlA^F!^
Steamers" GEN.. FRISBLE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day,' Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. L«av«s
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 .p. m. Fars SO
cents. . Telephone Main IMS. Landing ¦ aod
office. " pier 2. Mission-street ¦ dock. HATCH
BROS.
- C7Frler-ds and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend . the - funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock,- from her late
¦ residence, 758A Harrison street, thence to St.
¦ Patrick's Church, where a- solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOLTER — In this city, April 27, 1902, Lena,
beloved wlfe^of Charles Molter.- and mother
of Paul Molter, a native of Germany, • aged 45
- years 2 months and 8 days,
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
> day, April 30, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
' bstween Seventh and Eighth. Interment
¦ Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PERRY— In Ocean View. April 27. 1902, Es-
tella Perry, dearly beloved daughter of John
. • and Minnie Perry, beloved sister of Harry,
'. TUlle M., William T., Mertle and Arthiir E.
Perry, granddaughter of Mrs. Mary E. Perry,
and niece of Mrs. Mary. H. Martin, a native
of Chicago, 111., aged 19 years 10 months and
-10, days. "(Louisville, Ky.,- papers please
copy.) - - • •• ¦- ¦*.:¦¦•¦¦
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'¦¦ (Tuesday), - at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 22 De Wolf street, Ocean
View, thence to the Episcopal Church for
' -services. -Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
'. tery. , ¦ ¦• • : ¦•'. ' t' '
PLATT — In v Stockton, Cal.i April 28, 1902,
¦ Mrs. Kate Platt. beloved mother of ¦' Mrs.
Louis Kuebler, a native of Darmstadt, - Ger-
many, aged 51 years 10 months and 22 days/
SATORI — In San Rafael; Cal.; April 26,«1902,
• Sophia. Mayer Satcrl, . beloved wife of Victor
Satori, and daughter of Chris and Sophia
Ef finger, and eister of : Chris Ef finsrer . and
" Mrs. Charles Sears, a native of Bavaria,
Germany, aged 43 years.
¦ ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral Tuesday, April
29, 1902, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 308 H street, thence to St. Raphael's
"Church. Where a solemn requiem, high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. • . /<¦
SILVERIA— In this 1 city,, at the Girls' Direc-
tory, April 28. 1902, Annie Silveria, daugh-
¦ ter of Manuel Sllverla,- a native of Point
; ¦ Tiburon, Marln County, aged 2 years. : '
SMITH— In Arizona,: April 23. '" 1902,' Thomas
Fred Smith, son of Mrs. E. ' J. G. Kenna,'
and brother of Mrs. George Hammer and
. James R.. Ada E. and Isabella Kenna,: •
¦¦ (CTFrlends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral
. April 29, from St. Anthony's Church, East
Oakland, at 10 o'clock, where a solemn re-
1 qulem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his «oul. -Interment phivate.'St. Mary's
.Cemetery.. •¦ V ¦ , • -
SHEEHAN— A requiem high mass will be cele-
¦ brated to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock,
' - at • the Church - of ' the Most Holy Redeemer,
Eighteenth and Diamond streets, for the
" 'happy repOBe ; of the soul of the late Maggie
Sheehan. Relatives . and friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully invited to at-
VASQUEZ— In this city. April 27, 1002, at 145
' Sixth avenue, ' Jose Vasquete, , brother of • Mrs.
Felix Marcuse. Mrs. Alexander Forbes and
Mrs. F. - Clansel, aged 44 years 1 month and
. 7 days. ' - ¦ -.-" ' - » ' ..--.- '. . . . .
/ icyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully ' invited' to attend ¦ the funeral . services
~ to-day (Tuesday), April 29, 1902, at 9:30
¦o'clock, at the Church of . Guadaloupe, <,n
'Broadway, near Mason street, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be held for the re-
: " pose of hie soul. Interment St. Mary's Cem-
etery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat
VIGNEAU — In San Jose, AdHI 28, 1902, Gab-
riel Vigneau, a native , of lion, . France, aged
'. 36 years: ••'•. -.- . -¦¦•>' - . . ,-
• -ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
'*. fully Invited to. attend the • funeral : from the
- ; ' family ' residence, > 99 North Market street.
-Wednesday, April 30. at 2:30 o'clock.
. C^Funeral services at Sacred Heart
Church, Fell and Fillmore- streets, Tuesday
morning, at 9:80'o' clock. Interment private,
Holy . Cross Cemetery.
KIRK — In Alameda, April 28. 1902. Susan
j Adaline, beloved wife of William- Kirk.- and
1 mother of Irma; Willie and Lou Kirk, a na-
tive of Georgia, aged 35 years and 6 months.
McGOWAN— In this city,. April 26, 1902, Car-
rie, beloved wife- of John - McGowan. and
9 mother of Emmett McGowan, and daughter
¦ of Martin and the late Catherine Ryan, and
i Eister of Mrs. T. L. < Ryan, a native of Aus-
- tralla. aged 36 years and 6 months.
¦'' [C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
| (Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the par-
'¦ lors. of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness ave-
. nue, thence to St. Peter's Church for services
• at 9 o'clock. Interment ..Holy Cross Ceme-
: tery. . ; - • :. ..
KILLILEA— At her residence, 305 Devisadero
street, Anna M., dearly beloved daughter of
Mrs. Maria S.'- Killilea.
¦ E7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 29, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from the. par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
" "street.- between Seventh and: EiKhth. ¦ Inter-
nment Mount Olivet Cemetery. . /
JOHNSON— In this city, April 23, 1902. Fred-
I erlck L. Johnson, dearly beloved son of the
•' late Charles and Ellen Johnson, and brother
of Charles and Frank Johnson and Mrs. W11--
-liam Nolting, a native of San Francisco.
'¦ E7"NoUce of funeral hereafter." "''.•
HYMES— In this city. April 28. 1902. Rachel
¦ Hymes, beloved mother of Mrs. I. Baron.
• . Mrs. G. Meisner and Charles Hymes of New
York, a native of Prussia. -
JOHANSON— In this city, April 27, 1902, Au-
-/ gust Jobanaon, - beloved husband of Stella
Johanson, and father of Lauretta and the
late Myrtle Johanson, : a native of Helslng*
- ' burg, Sweden, aged 43 years 6 months and
:• 3 days. ¦ ¦ :¦ ¦ ; - ¦. .
EyFrlends are Invited to attend. ..
GELETTE— In East Oakland, April 27, 1902,
.'William D., beloved husband of Elizabeth R.
' Gelette, and father of, Mrs. Mabel R. Vane
' ; and William S. Gelette", a native of Fair-
haven, Mass., aged 55 years 1 month and 26
~ days. ¦ ¦ .--.;.. ..-¦¦ >•¦ ; - :
tu7"Friends . are respectfully invited to at-
' tend the funeral services Wednesday, after-
noon, April 30, 1902, at 3 o'clock, at the
family residence. , 122 ' East Twelfth street.
. East Oakland. ..Interment private. , - -
HARRINGTON— In this city,' April 27, 1902,
at her residence, 2404 Clay street, Mary, wife
of Dennis F. Harrington, and devoted mother
of' Mrs. T. J.; O'Brien, Mrs. Josle Brlncker-
hoff, John B. • Harrington of Portland, Or.,
' and Fannie C. . Harrington of San Francisco,
' a native of'Ireland. - ¦ , ¦ -
tDfNotice of funeral ' hereafter. Kindly
omit flowers. - • -¦
HOLMES-rln this city, April 28, 1902. Henry
Thomas, beloved husband of Laura V.
• Holmes, a native of Lanslngburg, N. Y.,
1 aged 73 years and 2 months.
i (£7Friendb and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2lo Stelner street. Interment .Salem
¦ '^Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train, from Third
i and Towfasend streets. ,
COUNTY— In this city, April 27, 1902, William
County,' a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
C? The ' funeral will • take, place to-day
(Tuesday), from the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher : Undertaking ¦ Company, 20 Fifth
' street. Interment private, ¦ In Holy Cross
1 Cemetery.
DUTRA— In ; Oakland; April 27, 1902, at 145.1
. Linden street, Frank Dutra, father of Frank
Machado, a native of Portugal, aged 70 years
8 months and 21 days.
FITZGIBBON— A i solemn .month's mind , re-
: qulem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of the soul 'of the late Maurice M. Fitzglb-
bon to-day (Tuesday), at Mission Dolores
¦ Church, commencing at 9 o'clock. .
Aubury, Elliott . Klllllea. Anna M. f-
Barnet, Samuel • . Kirk, Susan A. ¦¦_-,
Bonner, ¦ Nelson McGowan, Carrie
¦ ;V , Boyd." ¦ John F. Jr.', -Molter. Lena-
¦ Cohen.- Jacob M. ' '." Perry/ Kstella .
County. William ' . Platt. Mrs. . Kate
Dutra; Frank . , : ' :, Satori. Sonnla M.
• \ . Fltzgibbon, t Maurice - Sllverla. Annia >
7 " Gelette. -Wm. D. ..' Smith. Thoma* F.
. Harrington, Mary j / Sheehan, Maggie
Holmes,; Henry T. • ' Vasquez, Jose' ->.*
-., Hymes, -Rachel .Vigneau, Gabriel
Johanson, August -
ATWOOD— In this city, April 28,- 1002, Daisy,
' dearly ; beloved wife * of Robert B. Atwood,
/mother ¦ of ; Lillian ' Atwood. and sister- of
' Louls.'t, • Anita, ,, Tony and Fred . Rodlellat, a
native of California," aged 25 years. ¦ ' ,
i ' (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• ; fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the under-
., taking parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 Mc-
. Alllster street, -thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
. dral, .• where ' a ¦ solemn . requiem mass will be
:. celebrated for the repese of her soul, . com-
mencing at -9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.' . ;
AUBURY— In Livermore. April 26. 1902, El-
liott Aubury,' a native of Washington, D. C,
- aged • 82 years. -: •
BARNET — In this city, April 28, 1902, Samuel
Barnet, a .native of Poland, aged 72 years.
BONNER— In this city, April 27, : 1902, Nelson
- Bonner, a native of Kentucky,- aged 75 years.
BOYD— In Nordhoff, April ,28, 1902, John
Franklin Boyd Jr., only son of John F. and
- Louise A. Boyd, a -native Of San . Rafael,
aged 15 years 11 months and 7. days.
. . Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),- at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, San Rafael. .
COHEN— In this city. April 28. 1902, Jacob
M., beloved husband of Rebecca Cohen, and
father of Alex and Meyer Cohen and Mra : A.
¦ Cohen of New York. Mrs. Henry Wolf and
' ' the late. Sarah Goldberg, a native of Holland,
aged 61 years 5 months and 21 days.
BALTIMORE, April . 28,—The serlous-
nese K of N the condition \ of Congressman
Amos J. : Cummings of New York^ i'who is
a patient*, at -the Church Home and In-
firmary in- this city, 'was increased to-day
by I the development: of double pneumonia.
Several days ago pneumonia developed I In
one lung, and an •¦ examination to-day by
the physicians revealed the fact that. tha
other had become slightly affected.
= Cummings is slightly delirious at times,
but • he ; Is ¦ still i able : to i take | nourishment
and (he rests -well. 1 The attending physi-
cians " have- by. no means' lost hope of > his
recovery. J The latest complication .. has,
however, 1 ; given . his illrfess a .very i serious
aspect. ¦ •'- ¦" .''¦¦': ' T-'-V -
Congressman. Cummings Seriously 111FORMER COMMANDANT OF UNI
VERSITY CADETS, • WHO WAS
GUEST OF HONOR AT BANQUET. .
NOTED LOCAL ARTIST WHO
WILL SEEK FAME IN ; THE
EAST. - t-:l
John A. Riddle, Daniel McGregor and
Louis McNess, three painters at work
on the British steamship Talus at
Hunters Point fell from the scaffolding
yesterday, and all were more or less in
jured. Riddle had both feet crushed,
and McGregor suffered fractures of the
small bones of one foot All three men
resided near by, and were removed to
their homes. -
Ship Painters Injured.
Albert Cupertino, a boy who resides at
at 730 Vallejo street, had a narrow es
cape, from being seriously Injured yes
terday morning by an electric car at
the corner of Stockton and Ellis streets.
He jumped from a wagon and landed In,
front of a moving Ellis-street car. and
was knocked down. He sustained a lac
eration of the chin and lost a tooth.
He was taken to the Railroad Hospital
for treatment.
Jumps in Front of Car.
, The meeting of the Pacific Amateur
Athletic Association last evening wa3 a
torrid one. ' All the delegates from the
various amateur organizations expecteu
an exciting session and came prepared.
At the very outset the Bay City Athletic
Club made a strenuous effort to be re
stored to full amateur standing in order
to bring off Its regular monthly boxing
contests, but the committee declined the
peaceful and contrite overtures of the
management of the club. The matter was
voted upon and lost. Further action wa3
then deferred until next meeting. In^the
meantime the Bay City Athletic Club
must sit by and watch rival organizations
bring off contests. . \.
A heated discussion was had over a fine
Imposed on the Ariel Rowing Club by the
registration committee. It appears that
the boat club gave a boxing exhibition
last month for the benefit of its boat
house fund. Among the men who ap
peared In the ring was a husky lighter
named Green. The latter was not an
amateur and should not have been al
lowed to go on. but the club risked a fine
by allowing him to fill an aching void.
Chairman George James of the registra
tion committee imposed a fine of $25 on
the Ariels and last night T. J. Lynch, a
member of the organization who repre
sents the boat club in the association,
came, primed with a long speech full or
apologies, explanations and statements.
James and Huber Hauser took umbrage
at some of his remarks. Upon motion of
Delegate Cadogan of the Reliance Ath
letic Club, seconded by Charles Eickert.
representing Stanford University, the
registration committee's action was up
held. Chairman James was satisfied. In
one of his speeches he intimated that he
would ask to have the committee dis
banded if its action was not upheld.
Rather than have such a valuable com
mittee turned down the delegates voted
almost unanimously in favor of the Ariel
Club paying the fine. . Mr. Lynch gave
notice of an appeal to the Amateur Ath
letic Union.
Upon motion made by Mr. James $25
was voted to the University of California
track team, which leaves for the East
next Thursday. Two new athletic clubs —
the Observatory and the California, ap
plied for recognition by the association.
The matter was referred to the commit
tee on membership.
Ariel Rowing Club Must Pay
Money for Breaking
Its Ru:e3.
Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation Approves a
. Heavy Fine.
UPHOLDS ACTION
OF COMMITTEE
EX-COMMANDER HONORED
BY COMRADES IN ARMS
Captain Winn of Twelfth Infantry Special
; Quest at- Banquet Tendered by Soldiers.
TELE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1902.
Samuel Barnet Dies Sudden! v
;_ Samuel ,Barnet died suddenly yesterdav
morning at his late residence, . U48 Golden
Gate avenue,, of heart failure. Deceased
was the father of .'Z.Barnet. eity editor
of the Santa Cruz .- Sentinel. (Mr. 'Bar
net was f or.many years, a prominent mer
chant In Santa Cruz, and leaves a large
1 Suits" for divorce were" filed' yesterday
by, F..W.. Clark against Agnes Clark for
desertion ;and intemperance, 1 George H
Collin against Josephine A. Collin for de
sertion" and Emma"Rbza "Byrne against
William F.Byrne-fdr, failure to provide
_Divorces 1 were ¦ granted., yesterday to
Pearl, E. Adams from William Adams for
conviction of " felony, Annie M. Streetf£
from Frank W:^ Streeter, for desertion!
Clara M.Hamtl*> from J.C. Hamil for
neglect, MaeR. Burdick from T. U Bur
dick for neglectVandlda-M. TreDhajrPTi
from William :A.- Trephagen for crSeUyf
The marriage of Huff and Miss Gold
stein was performed by Justice of the
Peace Daniels on December 23 of last
year. It was the windup of a holiday de
bauch, and it certainly was a warm fin
ish. - A half-hour after Huff and Miss
Goldstein had been made one at the City
Hall they were confronted by an- irate
woman looking for a lost husband. A few
words from her and Huff slunk away,
and the truth came out. The irate woman
was. Mrs. Huff No. 1, and she very quick
ly informed Mrs. Huff, No. 2 that Huff
had never been divorced from 'her and
consequently -had-no right to take unto*
himself a second bride.
The fact that he was drunk was the
only excuse offered by Huff, and as Miss
Goldstein could give no reason \why she
gav& her consent to the ceremony other
than that Huff represented he was a di
vorced man, Judge Kerrigan annulled the
marriage.
So. said Walter R. Huff yesterday when
Judge Kerrigan asked him why he mar
ried May Blanche Goldstein when he had
a wife living.
"I was drunlr, your Honor, and I did
not know, what I was doing."
Judge Kerrigan Annuls
His Marriage to May
Goldstein.}^
W. R. HUFF SAYS
HE WAS DRUNK
Adams' Sarsaparllla: Pills.
. ;Springr«medIcIne-to purify the blood, Consti
pation. Biliousness, Sick Headaches; 10c,' ?5c'»
Will Run Copper Mines.
The Shasta Mountain Copper ; Company
was ", incorporated 'yesterday for $3,000,000.
The directors are Alfred,' W. C and A. E.
Onn," E. "Gardner Woods andflBYT. -Wheel
er, -r. ¦ / . ::¦ ;. -,¦*- ¦ -¦• .- ¦-..-
Leaves - Valuable i Estate.
The estate -of the late Emily Grogar
has been, appraised at- $131,832 91; 'It: con
sists of land: in SaniBenito" County worth
$90,2S5;.cash in bank, . $31,547 91,, and 50C
head of. cattle, worth (SICOOO.
United" States Circuit Judge William - B.
Gilbert of Portland, Or.;" arrived '.,yester.
day. He will | attend the sessions ¦: of ; the
United States/Circuit Court, of Appeals,
which will meet next Monday. .
Arrival of Judge i Gilbert.
Petitions in insolvency, were' filed, in j the
United States District Court yesterday: as
follows: . ; " Ai ~H. r -- Chapin, brakemah,' San
Francisco, - liabilities- 1 $484, no ¦¦¦ assets;
Charles Rosenberg." clerk," San" Francisco,
liabilities S7078. no asets. V : • ' ...
Petitions ":¦ in Insolvency.
The members'." of • the : Methodist .and
Presbyterian' Ministerial ; Unions . listened
yesterday to some addresses
bj' missionaries who have, returned from
India. Rev. Henry Jackson told the Metho
dist ministers of his work in that distant
country.' Rev. Henry Forman 1 enter*
tained the. Presbyterian preachers with >a
talk on caste in- India. Rev.~Dr, Grattan
Guinness of .'London followed -him, -and
spoke of a 'movement in ' England 'toward
the I promotion of ¦ the . missionary " cause
throughout the world. .:.:,-.. ¦
Ministerial Meetings.
The postponed dramatization of Scott's
"Lady of the Lake" will take place next
Thursday evening at the Cogswell Poly
technic School, v - s , . ' ¦ . ¦ ¦.
He entered the service' as a soldier of
Company E. Twelfth. Infantry, during
the Civil War, and has risen gradually,
step by step, until now he commands the
regiment which he first entered as a prl
vate. VThe story of his career furnishes
a. splendid example for the. officers-, and
men; and they all hope he -will' receive
the coveted star for which he has been
recommended and for -which he is -well
qualified. .. . v v: V
The other officers of the" regiment are:
Lieutenant Colonel' Harry L. Haskell,
Majors- Herbert S. Foster.Talmer G.
Wood and Colvllle P. Terrett; Captains
Wallis O. Clark, Qharles W. Abbot- Jr..
Charles ,H. Barth, Robert , L.', Hlrst.Waldo
E. Ayer, William S J. Pardee, David J.
Baker Jr., ' Frank ' L. • .Winn; <_narles • C.
Ballou, Frank S. Cocheu; James -P. Har
beson, Glenn H. "Davis, William vcV
Creary,; James -W. Clinton and Alfred T.
Smith; '- First Lieutenants-'. .William — H.
Oury, Moor • N. "Falls, Marshall Childs,
Dana T.^ Merrill, V, George H. Shields.
George E. Thome,. Alfred Aloe, Van- Leer
Wills, : Francis J. McConnell, Albert W
Foreman -and Richmond . Smith; . Second
Lieutenants; Rhees; Jackson; Andrew. C
Wright; Robert D.: Carter, : Charles H
Whipple 'Jr. ; Elverton E. '. duller ."Arthur
H. 'Freshwater, John ' S. s Chambers, £)e
Witt C. Lyles, John i M. Craig, Frederick
W. Mills Jr., Morris M.\Keck, Sherman
A. White and- Fay, W. Brabson. ' .
Scott's "Irfidy of the Lake."
On jleavlng the German Lutheran
Church, O'Farrell street, . on j Sunday
morning,' Mrs. Emma Neddernut, 82 years
of age, was ' accidentally, knocked down
by two large dogs that -were, playing in
the vicinity. Mrs. Neddernut was taken
to her home, 1193 Oak street, and Dr. F.
F.: Lord was called in to. attend her. He
found Mrs. Neddernuthad sustained two
fractures' of the right leg; and 'was also
suffering from severe shock.
Playful . Dogs Cause Injury.
The associate -'lodges; "of ••this .; clt;y,
Knights of Pythias, -and- those, of .Ala
meda, San.Mateo, Santa Clara .arid Santa
Cruz counties,' will have" an excursion,, re
union and picnic- at Bunker Hill- Park
Los Gatos, on Thursday next. There will
be competitive prizes' offered by -the Los
Ga tos Board \ of Trade .. for contests - by
members of the Uniform /Rank -of the
order. '"The profits of this reunion will be
used to ' increase the fund that " is being
raised to entertain the .thousands , of
Knights who will visit this city next-Aug
ust. . The committee of : arrangements. has
secured" a large number of cars, that are
to move from. the Fourth and Townsend
streetB depot, and on. the. way to destina
tion they will stop at»the\Valencla-street
station- to take on. passengers. • The train
will start at 9:15 a. m., and -will leave
Valenqla'street ten. minutes- later; :y
Py tnian J Excursion.
Mrs. James Cox, a woman' nearly 50
years of age and a recent arrival from
Los Angeles, was left destitute by a
thief's act yesterday evening. She was
passing the corner of Market and Third
streets, when a pickpocket snatched her
purse, containing all of - her wealth, and
before she could raise an alarm, he had
made his. escape In the crowd. _
Mrs. Cox came from Los Angeles about
two weeks ago. She was without ac
quaintances in the city and . immediately
started out to find employment. While
walking on Market street last evening in
a large crowd of people, the bold tmer
did his work, securing her purse, contain
ing $40 and a diamond ring valued at $100.
At the police station Mrs. Cox 'said the
contents of the purse was all she had on
earth and that she was without money
even to pay for her night's lodging. The
thief she describes, as being, a' man &>
years of age, short and heavy-set, attired
in a shabby dark suit and soft black hat.
Colonel John • W. Bubb, commandlne
the regiment, is a veteran; soldier in fact
and appearance — erect , u - square-snoul
dered, a lar^e man in: frame, dark gray
hair and mustache.' a bronzed out healthy
complexion, keen and piercing, yet kindly
gray eyes, , quick and active in'move
ments, a . man ¦ of nearly 60 . years < of age '
who has been in the service , since 1861
and in. all its wars during that time," yet
(Vigorous in mind: and body, and able to
hold his, own. with any of the youngsters
; 'Lieutenant Edward Taylor, who dlstin
guished'himself at Santiago, was stricken
with fever and remained for many days
at. the point of death, but finally vrecov
ered and^ went with the regiment to the
Philippines, where he lost his life.'Lieu
tenant James C. Williams J of the regi
ment is another who died in the Philip,
pines, and Lieutenant Ralph C. VMeyei
died while en, route there; T ¦ , :
OFFICERS OF > REGIMENT.
Lieutenant' Churchman, J just out of
West * Point, with a high fever raging
wen £o to battle ".and met his death, July
1, 1898, at El- Caney,- while skillfully fir
ing the .volleys ; of his ; platoon at- the
Spaniards, entrenched less' than 300 yards
?l wa /- 2, n T^ th< H same d *y. - Lieutenant
Wilbur E. Dove .received wounds on ac
count of .which he,- has dince had to re
tire f romjictive service. <¦. Lieutenant Wil
liam G. Elliott, who was one of the brav
est of thebrave in the battles; about San
tla f o> -.Inunediately . .after the: surrender
and while sick -.himself, 'went- from the
trenches to the city., to -get > supplies for
the sick men of .his; company.: He re
turned with the- supplies. , but; In a state
• of collapse from :which • he • never ! recov
ered. He- was (buried -in,' Cuba.-. - -
Major Palmer. G. Wood, .a ; veteran, of
the Civil War, and one of the ablest and
best liked* officers; in: the" regiment gave
to the regiment and, country his two sons
both-brave and excellent young officers
who died— one,' Lieutenant Will Wood at
Santiago, and theother, Lieutenant Gay
Wood, in the, Philippine Islands,, both
victims of pernicious malarial fever con
tracted "in "the line'of duty. 1
, More recently- a battalion, of the- regi
ment,- under, command I of ¦ Major ' Wood
has taken an active part in the campaign
against Lukban in Samar, which General
Smith, .the. same, who commanded/ the
regiment at. Angeles, has brought to a
successful close. Lieutenant Lyles of the
regiment .was with Major. Waller in his
terrible march : across Samar.
• These, are gallant- deeds of which the
country is proud, :but the officers and men
cannot recallthem without sad thoughts
of the brave companions who have met
their death in the country's service, many
it is true, on the battlefield in the flush of
victory ,-but many others in the hospitals
the victims of .the ; insidious fevers and
dysentery -which stalk in the wake of an
army- In- the-.,troDics; • ¦ ¦ • : . •. •. "¦ ;
Captain Clark of the regiment was the
first civil governor of the province. HI3
administration has been marked by the
pacific and just character of his rule and
growing confidence and contentment
among: the natives. , •
¦ Companies E and* G, under the com
mand of Lieutenants Aloe and Cocheu.
served in Ilocos Norte, Luzon, during the
summer of 1900 under Generals i Young
and Bell, participating in various expe
ditions and engagements in that section.
Lieutenant Aloe distinguished himself in
the engagement at Monsambique Septem
ber 22,. 1900, and has been nominated for
the brevet rank of captain for his gal
lantry on that occasion. . •
COUNTRY PROUD OF DEEDS.
tenant Aloe fell Into a well at Moncado
and fractured five ribs while pursuing an
insurgent lieutenant colonel and spy, who
attempted to start a massacre, in the
town, but he riddled the lieutenant colonel
with bullets and his men captured a
dozen insurgents and their guns. Two
thousand firearms were secured by the
Twelfth Infantry in the province of Tar
lac alone. • '
Lieutenant Colonel John W. Bubb' fol
lowed Colonel Smith in the command of
the regiment. The last engagement in
which- the regiment • participated as a.
body with the other troops of the division
occurred on November. 11, 1S99, at 4 Bam-,
ban, a strongly fortified place on. which
the insurgents . had - worked for months
with the hope of making it" impregnable;
but which the American '. troops : under
Colonels J. H. Smith, -Seventeenth In
fantry, and J. F. Bell, Thirty-sixth > In
fantry, turned without difficulty. The
regiment entered Tarlac November 13,
1S99. The insurgent army was now. rout
ed, demoralized and widely scattered and
never again was able to take the field as
an organized army. For a time the war
seemed at an end, but the long and la
borious campaign against the guerrilla
bands of the Insurgent Generals Alejan
drino, Macabolus, Aklno, Tecson and oth
ers was yet to follow. It is impracticable
to enumerate here the expeditions : and
minor engagements in which various de
tachments of the regiment hunted" down
fought, dispersed and captured these
guerrilla bands in Tarlac province. The
history of the pacification, the military
government and the Inauguration of civil
government in the province reflects credit
upon Colonel Hubb and the regiment.'. To
Lieutenant Wright: belongs the credit" of
capturing the Insurgent Governor Tecson
and General Fructnoso * Sembrano. Lieu-
Following these operations Lieutenant
Colonel Smith became colonel of the Sev
enteenth Infantry and later was made"; a
brigadier general of volunteers. . Captains
Evans, Wood and -Waltz, the battalion
commanders, have been nominated by the
President for the brevet rank of lieuten
ant colonel; Captains Winn and Ball ou for
that of major and Lieutenants Creary
and C. F. Humphrey Jr. . for. that of cap
tain for distinguished gallantry at An
geles.. ¦-• ; — - -
The reehnent suffered . severely In \ the
loss of officers and men. Lieutenant Al
fred Drew was killed August 17 at An
geles, Lieutenant Uline severely wounded
on the same day and Lieutenant Will H.
Williams mortally wounded on August 16.
troops marched all day through the rice
paddies and caneflelds. The men much of
the time were up to their knees in mud
and water, but they steadily pushed
ahead, without a murmur, fighting the re
treating insurgents, who made brief
stands behind the various defensive posi
tions which, with infinite' labor and care,
they had prepared for. the undoing of the
American army. At the battle of An
geles, August 16, 1839, the regiment ' ac
complished, a brilliant victory, farreach
ing in its results. General Wheaton on
that day sent ten companies of • the regi
ment and Lieutenant Kenly with two field
guns, all under command of Lieutenant
Colonel J. H. Smith, Twelfth Infantry, to
make a reconnoissance. in the direction of
the important railroad town of Angeles.
Colonel- Smith found the. insurgents
strongly Intrenched in the bamboo thick
ets surrounding the town, I their large
force completely covering the railroad
embankment, the country roads and the
open paddy fields, which formed the ap
proaches to the place; but, nothing daunt
ed, he made a direct assault and-com
pletely routed the insurgents. The latter
largely outnumbered the Twelfth Infantry
and had the advantage of a strong "nat
ural position^ protected by a. long line • of
trenches. On account of impracticable
roads and meager transportation the regi
ment was compelled to maintain alone for
some weeks the advanced position at An
geles. The insurgents, with increased
numbers, returned, constantly- threatened
and on several occasions attacked' the
place, but on ¦ every- occasion - they were
driven off with heavy loss.' . Aguinaldo's
northern army never afterward .made a
stand as a whole. General' MacArthur
characterized these operations as among
the most brilliant episodes of the cam
paign. . . .../' .': , ¦ ;
rORTEBTCATIONS ¦¦ ARE TAKEN.
Bold Work of Pickpocket
at Market-Street
Crossing.
Mra. Chittenden's particular duty as as
sistant professor in the Hopkins Institute
was the instruction of the Saturday class. '
Mrs. Chlttenden's most valued achieve
ment thus far is a wild flower collection,
consisting of 100 large studies, and Is said
to be the most complete ever painted.
Leading potatilsts ccnsidei it very line
and very true to the wild flora. She also
has the distinction of being the only
artist who has painted large pictures of
floral scenes out of doors in the sunlight.
Se\«?ral medals have been awarded her
for her work. * .
the Hopkins Institute of Art in
the capacity of assistant professor of
painting, will leave for the East in the
latter part of May to gather new material
for her work. She will go first to the
coast of Maine, where she will devote '
three months to sketching the picturesque
scenes of that rocky region. In the win
ter she will go to New York, where she
intends to do considerable portrait work.
Mrs. Chlttenden's many friends and ad
mirers In this city who have watched her
promising work expect that she will take
high rank among Eastern artists. She
will be absent about a year.
MRS. ALICE B. CHITTENDEN,
the well-known and talented
artist, who for the. last six
years has been connected with
LEFT DESTITUTE
BY THIEF'S ACT
J< szj APTAIN WILLIAM L. WINN,
(T Twelfth "United States Infantry,
(I ' who recently returned from
the Philippines, was the guest of
honor at a banquet last Saturday
evening, tendered by the University Army
and Navy Association, an organization
composed of former university men who
served in the late war with Spain and in
the Philippines. ."
Captain Winn, who is now stationed at
Sacramento as recruiting officer, was
commander at the University of Califor
nia In 1896 and up to the breaking out of
the war, when he returned to his regi
ment and served with distinction in the
campaign against the Filipinos.
The. officers of the . association are.H.
Le H. Waite, president; H. G. Mathew
son, secretary; W. L. Treagan, treasurer.
The object of 'the association Is to form
a closer bond of comradeship between fel
low-collegemates and comrades in arms.
After the menu a brilliant portrayal of
army life on the field with personal anec
dotes brought forth many lusty cheers
for Captain Wlnn. Each of the veterans
present did his best in the recital of mem
ories of the late struggle. The followlng
nsmed members of the association were
present: .. ...
Captain W. I* Wlnn, Twelfth United States
Infantry CWest Point) ; Captain H. Le H.
Watte, First Ohio Cavalry (West Point); J. A.
Gelatins, California Heavy Artillery (Stan
ford); A. ' F. Hughes, California Heavy Artil
lery (California); Charles A. I>etrich and H.
L. Detrich. First California -Volunteers (Stan
ford)- F. E. Newton, Fourteenth United States
Infantry; N.. Vanderbilt and A. H. Kelly,
Eighth California Volunteers; L. M. Turner,
Eighteenth United States Infantry: H. G.
Mathewson, First California Volunteers (Cali
fornia); H. C. Thompson. Twenty-third United
States Infantry, and B. S. Drake. W. K. Reed
and F. C. . Zschokke, First California Volun
teers.
The- action of the executive committee
In recommending primaries throughout
the 'State will count for party harmony
and success in the next campaign. In the
face of this recommendation the general
committee can hardly countenance the
machine plan of appointment by
county committees. » In the first skirmish
of. the big battle to come the machine
forces are repulsed. . ' ¦ ¦
Governor Gage would not go wrong il
he' should advise his new Harbor Com
missioner, Johnny Mackenzie, that the
water front of San Francisco does not
extend to Santa Cruz. Johnny arrived
In Santa VCruz last Sunday night and sent
for Warren Porter of Watsonville. Por
tei- was advised | to ; see a prominent citi
zen of Santa Cruz on the subject of or
ganizing 'a Gage boom in that county.
Gage certainly needs help in Santa Cruz,
but his cause will not be advanced by the
detail of two • State • office-holders— Mac
kenzie and Porter — to head the procession
of boomers. .¦¦¦••
WHi HARMONIZE PARTY.
Resolved, That each Republican organization
or club Is requested to meet at an early date
to • prepare for a thorough and complete or
ganization of • the party within their. respective
localities. ¦ . ¦ -
. Resolved, That all committees take the neces
sary steps to secure the appointment of fit and
competent election officers for all elections.
Resolved, That ' all Republican county com
mittees and the members thereof be and they
are hereby urgently requested to take such
steps as will Insure prompt resistratlon and
prompt . organization in every • precinct In the
State.. ¦
Whereas, The State, district and county con
ventions for. the nomination of candidates for
office may. not be held until the latter part
of August or early in September, which will
leave but a short period of time for new com
mittees that may be. named, by the several
conventions to prepare for and conduct .the
campaign and attend to the many details In
cident thereto. It Is imperative that the exist
ing committees and organizations .take the
necessary measures to turn the affairs of the
party over to their successors in a satisfactory
manner and with the details arranged as com
pletely as possible; therefore be it
ORGAJNIZE AND REGISTER.
The following: resolution introduced by
Chairman George Stone was unanimously
adopted:
Mr. Crocker's motion prevailed. It was
the sense of the committeemen present
that the convention should be large and
that the voters .of the party should hav*.
full . opportunity to express a preference
in the selection of delegates. It is esti
mated'that the convention will consist of
820 delegates. San Francisco's represen
tation wJU approximate 180.
Henry J. Crocker moved that the sub
committee be instructed to recommend
that delegates be chosen by Assembly dis
tricts. 'The . motion also embraced the
recommendation that there shall be one
delegate for every 200 Republican votes
and .one for every majority fraction of
200 votes. The vote to be taken for basis
of representation in each Assembly dis
trict Is that which was cast for Samuel
M. Shortridge for Presidential Elector at
the general election in 1900. \
On motion of Henry J. Crocker the
sub-committee was' instructed to embrace
iij the call ' for I the convention a recom
mendation • • that . primaries be Ltad
throughout the State.
Later 6n Chairman Stone appointed the
following sub or special committee in ac
cordance with the resolution: W. S. Wood
and Charles Bundschu, San Francisco;
W. M. Cutter, Marysville; A. B. Lem
mon, Santa Rosa, and" E. C. Hart, Sacra
mento., The committee will meet one
week prior to 'May 24 to prepare the call
and submit its report to the executive
committee: Friday, May 23. The chair
man's name is. added to the committee.
PRIMARIES RECOMMENDED.
.Resolved, That a committee of five, to which
ehall.be added the chairman, be appointed by
the ' chatr to prepare for presentation to the
general committee a call for the State Con
vention and such* resolutions aa It may deem
advisable and such committee to report to the
executive committee at its. next meeting.
"rtie executive body of the ' Republican
State Committee met at the Palace Ho.
tel last evening in response to a call Is
sued by General George Stone, chairman
of the ; general committee. William J.
Brady, ¦ Charles Bundschu, Henry • J.
Crocker, William S. Wood, William' Barr.
A, B.Lemmon, George Stone and J. Step
pacher were' present. -It was resolved
at'the.outset that a call should be issued
for a meeting of "the Republican State
Committee in this city on Saturday, May
24, at 2 p.m. , *
W. ; S. Wood introduced the following
resolution, which was unanimously
adopted: . *¦ . ; .
The executive body of the Republi
can State Committee last night T?.r.
ommended that the State nominating
convention of the Republican- party
be composed of delegates chosen at
primary ' elections by Assembly, dis
tricts throughout the State. „
Representatives .to Be Chosen,; by
Assembly Districts-^Sciieme for
County Governing Bodies ...
to Appoint Rejected.
State Committee Called to
Meet in; This City.
'.?-• /Late in May. ;*¦
•¦¦'j . •'¦¦'' ¦ ¦ ' " : ' • : - ' ' ¦ - ¦¦ ¦
Shortly after this campaign the entire
regiment was sent to San Fernando,
Pampanga, and assigned to General Fun-
ston's brigade of General MacArthur's di
vision, then facing Aguinaldo's main army
on the northern line. Fatiguing outpost
duty, almost dally outpost firing, with fre
quent night' attacks by the insurgents,
the withdrawal of the State Volunteers,
high water (it rained heavily without a
break for four days and nights at one
time), fevers and other sickness were fea
tures of this period of the campaign.
The army resumed the advance August
9, 1899, a day memorable In the annals of
the campaign. Under a burning sun the
SENT TO SAN FERNANDO.
Under the command of Lieutenant Col
onel (now Brigadier General) Jacob H.
Smith, Twelfth Infantry, the regiment
and a part of the Seventeenth Infantry
sailed from New York, February 19 1S93,
in the transport Sheridan for Manila.
« h:le en rout* the transport touched at
Malta. Through the -courtesy of the Gov
ernor General, Sir Henry Grenfel, the
troops were landed for exercise and re
viewed by the Governor General and the
commanding general of the garrison. The
Britsh officers and the sailors and soldiers
vied with each other in enowing social at
tentions to the visiting troops, making the
occasion one of great interest and pleas
ure to all concerned and an international
episode of marked freindly significance.
On arrival in Manila part of the regi
ment was assigned for a time to provost
guard duty, but the First and Second bat
talions were soon facing the insurgent
trenches on the south line, and from that
time until the insurrection was completely
suppressed in Northern Luzon the regi
ment participated in the active operations
against the insurgent forces. Major Has
kell, with Companies E, G, H and I. took
a. prominent part in the fight at Cainta
and Taytay, June 3 and 4, 1899, and the
subsequent campaign under General Hall
In the province of Morong. On June 10 six
companies of the regiment were in the
command with which General Lawton
forced the enemy's south line through
Paranaque and Las Pinas to the Zapote
River. At the bridge over this river on
June 13, 1809, he engaged the insurgents
at close range in one of the fiercest fights
of the war. Companies L and M, Twelfth
Infantry, under command of Captains C.
H. Barth and Robert L. Hirst, took a con
epicuous and gallant part in this fight.
After the engagement the bodies of more
than 100 insurgents were found in the
trenches, from which, less than seventy
five yards away, they had withstood for
a time the onslaught of the Americans.
Lieutenant J. P. Harbeson was here
¦wounded, and quite recently he has been
nominated for the brevet commission of
captain for distinguished gallantry in the
engagement.
Xo single regiment played a more gal
lant and successful part in the Santiago
campaign than the Twelfth Infantry.
Lieutenant Colonel Comba, promoted to
the. rank of colonel during the campaign,
was soon afterward appointed brigadier
general of volunteers for distinguished
services at Santiago. Captains H. L.
Haskell, Robert K. Evans, Millard F.
Waltz, Palmer G. Wood and Wallis O.
Clark were nominated by the President
for the brevet rank of major, and Lieu
tenants W. E. Dove. Willis Uline and
Frank L. Winn for that of captain for
gallantry at El Caney.
Along with the other troops, the regi
ment suffered terribly from Cuban fever,
and on its return to the United States
was sent to Montauk Point. Later it was
stationed at Jefferson Barracks, Missouri,
where it was recruited to Its full strength
and fitted out for service in the Philip
pine Islands.
The landing at Daiquiri was effected on
June 22. from which day to August 15,
the date of embarkation for Montauk
Point, the regiment took a conspicuous
part in all the operations about Santiago.
In the great battle of July 1 it was in the
thick of the fight at El Caney, pre-emi
nently distinguishing itself by assaulting
and capturing the stone fort, the key to
the enemy's intrenchments, -which, skill
fully defended by General Rey del Rey,
had stayed for the time Lawton's division
in its advance toward Santiago.
Leaving the dead unburied and the
wounded on the field, to be cared for as
best might be by the medical department,
¦with the assistance of the regimental
band, the day's fighting scarcely over, the
regiment at dark moved again toward the
tnemy. It had marched the greater part
of the night of June 30, had fought all
<Jay July 1 and now started on the all
night march to join the left wing of the
army. In the early hours of the morning
Jt took position with the rest of the bri
gade near San Juan and did its part in
the severe fighting of July 2 and 3.
SUFFERS FROM CUBAN FEVER.
The Seventh, Twelfth and Seventeenth
regiments of infantry formed the Third
Brigade, second division of the Fifth
Army Corps, General Chaffee command-
Ing the brigade and General Lawton the
<ii vision.
transferred to Tampa and assigned to
General Shafter's army corps, the Fifth,
In which, under the command of Lieuten
ant Colonel Richard Comba (Colonel An
drews having been appointed a brigadier
general of volunteers), it was destined to
perform a memorable part in the San
tiago campaign.
At the outbreak of the Spanish war the
Twelfth Infantry was stationed at Fort
JCiobrara, Nebraska. Under the command
of its then colonel, John N. Andrews, the
regiment joined the other regular troops
at Chickamauga Park and later was
The soldiers of the Twelfth that arrived
on Sunday were landed at the Presidio
yesterday and will in a few days start
across the continent to Forts Douglas,
Duquesne, Apache and Bliss, between
which posts the regiment will be divided.
The Twelfth United States Infantry,
part of which returned from the Philip
pines on the transport Grant, which ar
rived Sunday, has as fine a fighting
record as any organization in the Gov
ernment service. The Twelfth has dealt
its share of effective blows for the Stars
and Stripes, and its contribution of pre
cious lives to the maw of the war god
has reached heartrending proportions.
Many Victories to Its
Credit
Has a Long Death Boll and
Party Leaders Favor the
.Primary 'System of
! , .Electing Delegates.
Returning Regiment Ha©
Standing as Fight
ing Body.
REPUBLICANS
ADOPT A PLAN
OF CAMPAIGN
TWELFTH HOLDS
FAMOUS RECORD
Mrs. Chittendeh of Hopkins Institute Wil
Sketch Scenery on Maine's Coast.
TALENTED LOCAL ARTIST
TO SEEK FAME IN EAST
14
I 90 = DAY
One $4,000.00 Home Completed
One $7,000.00 Home Started
Two Improved Homes Purchased
All by the
PACIFIC HOME
co-operative co.
Pay you to Investigate, don't
you think?
OWN YOUR OWN HOME. .
Call, phone or write
PACIFIC HOME
CO-OPERATIVE. CO.
4-00 Callagrhan BMd**
1312 MARKET ST.. S. F.
472 10th St Oakland.
493 J St. Fresno.
- 32434 So. Spring St Los Angeles
AGENTS WANTED.
O <
' Weak Eyes Strengthened.
WC^V*?*?^ Painful or inflamed eyes In-
*i»S*jg*Cj2* stantly relieved with GEORGE
fe V 1 ' " - "jJS MATERLE'S German Eye
-S&r; Water. 50c. at 1071 Market
et. Tel. South 572. None sen-
¦ v, '"¦"^ ulne without this trademark.
PIANO RECITAL
* BT THE
ANGELDS PIANO PLAYER;
• ASSISTED BT
MR. HERBERT WILLIAMS, Tenor,
AND THE
Victor Disc Talking Machine
AT
SHERMAN-CLAY & CO.'S HALL
SATUEDAY Mar 3. at 3:15 p. m.
PKOGRAMME-PAKT L
1 — Overture. "Light Cavalry" Buppe
2 — Impromptu, cj). 23 Chopin
3 — "Die Walkure" (made flre scene).. Wagner
4. — Son*:, "MattlnatU" ..'.... Toeti
MR. HERBERT WILLIAMS.
6 — Valse Grande, cd. 42 Chopin
INTERMISSION.
During: the Intermission several selections
will be rendered by the Victor Disc Talking
Machine, the most perfect tone reproducing
machine extant.
PAET II.
6 — Variations et Fuge. op. 11 Paderewski
7 — (a) Valse Coquette, op. 53 Moszkowski
(b) "Tanz de Rosonelfln," op. 53
8 — "Gocelyn Berceuse" . ; Godard
• MR. HERBERT WILLIAMS.
8 — Zlguenerweisen, . op. 20 tin C minor)....
*. '•-•- Barasute
STEIN WAT PIANO USED.
All vocal selections are accompanied by the
Angelus.
ADMISSION FREE, but to prevent over-
crowding of the hall tickets should be pro-
cured at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store,
corner Kearr.y and gutter sts.
s This wagon will, carry six, of your friends. We have them that will ; :
£ ¦- .carry nine. Our display of country club wagons is complete. ','<
V> ! .Ask for; 1902 catalogues. . ' • <
«.'\ Market. and 10th Streets.; San Francisco. I; ." > ' 1 . '«.