Cbutinued/bnTPage'Two/'^'^V
A dispatch received here to-day from
Martinique says that. Mont Pelee is still
active and that a new volcano has broken
out on the north side of "the mountain.
ST. THOMAS. D. W. L. May 16.-A dis
patch was received here from the island
of St. Lucia to-day saying that the United
States Government tug Potomac had re
turned there from the island of St. Vin
cent, bringing a report that La Soufriere
is quiet.
ties in distributing in the south
ern part of the island the ref
ugees ? froni the. northern part-
To-day 653 bodies were found. I
Funeral' services were held yes- j
terday in, the cathedral of Fort dej
France: The local •' authorities, !
officers from the French cruiser
Most remarkable are ;, the- tppo
graphical/lchang(is wrought ¦;. by.
the/eruptioir of rMont Pelee.vTlie
BEMARKABLB i, CHANGESa ;
this small manifestation of a ; vol- 1
cano peril may . develop into
something, greater. ////->:/ ; -j
\\ ".'.'"Island : . St^ ; -Vincent • deyas
itated. v north , of line . Georgetown
east; 'Chateau i Belair^west: iiSiif-
,This . is ;/ Lieutenant McCor
mick's message : ii -f
manding the/ tug Potomac, and
Commander; of the
cruiser Cincinnati. . -\ -•'--.
NEW CRATER
IN ACTION ON
MONT PELEE
MEXICANS NOW FEAR MOUNT
COLIMA AND ARE FLEEING
A USTIN, Texas, May 16.— A dispatch from; Guadalajara, Mexico, : says :, , \ The / rumblings which . come
/\ ' from Mount Colima and ' the v great [ columns of : smoke j which : ; are 'being constantly emitted from
"* *¦ its crater indicate that an j interior agitation ¦ is gathering force . and that an active eruption is cer
tain to. occur. There is , much uneasiness ; felt r by the ;people living, in},, the /immediate vicinity .of the
volcano, and there has been an exodus of the better class* of people. from. the nearby^^ towns and villages,
most of them going to Manzanillc and other coast points. .Thousand^ of natives have no means of leav
ing their humble homes, and- the .'force oy circumstances would, make, them victim's of any disaster, that an
active eruption of the volcano might bri'n'g.'^ v'Al party\ of scientists the •,: Meteorological De
partment of the Mexican .Government passed through Guadalajara on their way to take observations; of
tneithreatenederuption'ofi'Mbunt'Cclima.- /U^'-'f^^i'^'/^^^i^^'^^ • , / i.
TOPEKA. Kans., May 16.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation was to-day sentenced to thirty
days in prison and to pay a $100 fine by
Judge Hazen in the District Court for
smashing bar fixtures stored in a vacant
barn in this city In February, 1901. She
will not appeal the caza and has gone to
Jail. ., ¦
collier Sterling. Mr. Choate, the
Embassador in London, has ca
bled this message to Secretary
Hay: "I am informed that the
Governor of the Windward Isl
ands will gladly receive and dis
tribute any gifts ser^t to St. Vin
cent *-in his' care. The British
Government has communicated
to the Governor your generous
tender of aid, of which it ex
presses grateful appreciation. On
receipt of the Governor's reply
as to what are the most pressing
needs of the people of the island,
the Government hopes to be able
to avail itself of your offer."
Carrie Nation Goes to Jail.
"Carnegie Would Buy Philippines. '
LONDON, May 16.— When asked to-day
if there was any truth in the statement
that he had offered to pay $20,000,000 for »
the Philippines, provided he was" author
ized to announce to the Filipinos that
their independence would be acknowledged
ultimately by the United States, Andrew
Carnegie laconically replied: /
"Yea, and I meant It."
ties. It is urged by many that
what remains of the. city .should
be leveled with dynamite. Even
TWO PII/I*AGEBS SHOT.
Troops have been placed on
guard with orders to deal with
the vandals as befits their shame
less crime. Twenty-seven men
and three women have been
brought to Fort de France \ and
lodged in jail on charges of rob
bery. Two men, who were
caught in the act. of -pillaging
and*on the appearance of a squad
of troops sought escape in flight,
were shot. Work in the ruins is
dangerous. Crumbling walls are
a serious menace, to working par-
Attracted by the hope of loot,
bands of pillagers have invaded
the ruins.
Work in St. Pierre is proceed
ing slowly and under circum
stances of the utmost difficulty.
cruiser Cincinnati. His name
and connections cannot be
that an /English officer
found to have stolen the sacred
altar vessels from the ruins of the
cathedral in St. Pierre was put
under arrest and taken to St. Lu
cia on board the United States
/—^ ORT DE FRANCE.
-1^ Martinique, May 16.—
It is , reported here
Suchet, trie; American; navy- .tug
Potomac and • the :Gerrrian cruiser
Falke /were/ present.///, v /;//'./
Among , the , vessejs .lost • in ? St.
Pierre-r harbor/ on vMay^; : 8/; the
morning of' the j cataclysm;- were
these :/ French,; Tamniaya;t;Ital
ian/Nord¦Arnerika, Sacre/Goeur,
Teresa v Lbyiccoi " American; the
Roraima, the ; Arania and \U11na,
E. '¦; ji 'Morse ;^English, cable-ship
Trie Grappler. - ... /\ : / / '
Last nigh V there was '<; a ¦ slight
shower of stones in the neighbor^
hood 'of: Fort de';France;/i While
no .damage was j caused,* the in^
habitants • a re in ¦. great . terror . lest
nJr-y. ALL BUREAU, 1406
# 'v G STREET, N. W.;
:^/:/W^S ; HIN:GTGN;
i) ¦•¦¦'¦ '/¦¦ /May. 16.— Seventeen
hundred . people • are/ dead and
[five thousand are destitute on the
island: of \ : St.- Vincent. > Mortal
ity/, is, reducing the < number of
fsufferers; requiring relief in Mar
tinique. This summarizes' the of
ficial dispatches, received by the
Navy s Department to-day' I from
Lieutenant McCormick, com-
The first, installment: of Amer
ican relief reached /Martinique to
day, and is ; now {being distrib
uted.; to the needy:. ¦ Ij'was. con
veyed from " Porto Rico by the
Later the department received
a cablegram ; announcing ; the ar
rival of the.Oincinnati-at Fort de
France to-day.
reduced 1 by mortality. Have
coaled here. Return to Fort de
France ' and St. .Pierre , to-day.
Will endeavor to recover* records
of American and British consu
lates at St. Pierre. -If i remains of
officials are found will bury :with
military honors:";"
¦ "St. Lucia, May 15.— -Six thou
sand .refugees have come into
Fort de France. Three thousand
have come into Kingston.
Northern portions of Martinique
and St. Vincent >very many peo
ple perished; others suffering
for food and water. ; Very j great
difficulty in relieving and: saving
"so many people scattered over
large areas. x Number of people
to be fed and cared for said to be
From the Special Correspondent of T- he Call : and the New. York- Herali.
V; Copyright, 1902,. by the New Yor k" Herald Publishing' Company.
ferers . country . people great
Dead 1700, destitute 5000. Im
mediate relief supplies by local
Government. - Destitution will
continue several months/'
Commander McLean's dis
patch reads as follows:
From the Special Correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald.
Copyright, 1902, by the New York Herald Publishing Company. •
when •bodies are found their
identification is difficult or im
possible, v A
Inhabitants ; of * the districts
near St. -Pierre have been forced
to quit their home? on account
of the odors from/the dead , and
gaseous emanations from the
volcanic craters. *'•¦•. ' ,-
MANY BODIES FOUND.
'/ Public .service of all . kinds is
sadly impeded- by the heavy task
that has fallen upon- the . authori-
English Officer Is Accused
of Participating in
Looting Ruins.
Seventeen Hundred Dead;
Five Thousand Destitute
on St. Vincent.
Robbers Shoi
: z - : I)wn'.-By-:J>,
SCENE IN THE PRINCIPAL' TOWN OF;
ST. VINCENT,' AND RESIDENCE OF
OFFICIAL. WHO PERISHED. . . '
The coal companies continue their prep
arations for a long struggle. Mine mules
ere being brought to the surface) and
placed in pasture, clerks and other em
pioyes are being laid off and other steps
have been taken to keep down expenses.
Tfce ccal-carrylng railroad companies are
laying off coal train crews every day, and
the local electric railway company, "whlcn
has lines to all the surrounding towns,
has reduced its service 50 per cent and
placed its employes on half time. Busi
ness generally Is stagnant, and coal in
this section is becoming scarce. Many of
the foreign mine laborers, in anticipation
cl a prolonged struggle, have left the re-
Eion. (¦'*'::*"> : T-
Notwithstanding that 145,000 men have
been idle for the last five days, no dis
turbances of any kind have been reported
here. All the delegates left for their
homes to-day and Hazleton to-night pre
sents a deserted appearance. President
Mitchell said that he had had no com
munication with any one bearing on a
settlement of the strike.
PEACE AT TTAZLETON.
The matter of calling out the engineers,
firemen and pump runners ' from the
anthadte mines to allow the workings to
become flooded and damaged was left by
the convention to the discretion of the
national and district officers. It was said
at strike headquarters to-day that the
United Mine Workers' organization has
all along followed a policy (of protecting
mine property on the ground that the de
struction of accumulated wealth, as a
rule, ultimately affected the workmen
seriously.
Indianapolis said to-day that within the
next two or three weeks, regardless of the
special convention, 30,000 men in Virginia
and West Virginia and from 15,000 to 20,000
in the soft, coal region of Central Penn
sylvania will be on strike. They will be
called out, he said, for the purpose of
forcing the mine owners to give them
higher wages and Incidentally to help >the
enthracite workers. These men are part
ly organized.
According to the rules of the United Mine
Workers, a petition signed by five mine
workers' districts is necessary to call a
special convention. The three anthracite
districts are unanimous for such a meet
ing, and it Is likely that the West Vir
ginia district and the Michigan district
Trill consent to the Issuance of the call.
National Secretary-Treasurer Wilson of
An absolutely trustworthy source is au
thority for the statement that the gpecial
convention will be called probably to meet
in Indianapolis in the course of several
weeks.
CALL TOR CONVENTION.
If a special convention is called and the
miners succeed in their object it will seri
ously affect 449,000 men who are employed
in and about the coal mines of the coun
try. Coal would soon become scarce, and
this would ultimately result in the tying
up of railroads and all sorts of industries
that use large quantities of the fuel. The
striking miners are enthusiastic over the
convention's action, and znosfof them can ,
..„£«* only £ueeess,iu_il»«-proj>o6ition.^ .
It is their desire that a special conven
tion of the United Mine Workers of
America be called as soon as practicable
for the purpose of endeavoring to have all
the bituminous mine workers, both or
ganized and unorganized, involved in the
anthracite miners' struggle. This an
nouncement was officially made at noon
tc-day by President John Mitchell In a
natement of the deliberations of the dele
gates in convention.
HAZLETON, May 16.— The anthracite
mine workers In convention to-day, in or
der to -win their strike, unanimously de
cided upon a plan that, if carried into suc
cessful operation, would practically* tie up
the Industries of the country, paralyze
business and inconvenience;" the people
thoughout the United States.
That portion of the Forty-fourth street
viaduct close to the burning building was
densely packed, and suddenly about 200
feet of the hog runway, extending from
the viaduct north to the plant of Armour
& Co., gave way, precipitating 1000 per
sons to the ground. The firemen instantly
abandoned their work on the building and
devoted their energies to saving the peo
ple. All were taken from the- wreckage
within a few minutes. .It is said by tha
police that the , number of those injured
by the fall of the*Tvladuct is greatljj in
excess of the number reported. The prop
erty loss is fully covered by insurance.
It was not a minute after the explo
sion before the entire fifth floor was U
mass of flames. The flre was one of the
most spectacular that has been seen in
Chicago in recent years, and the display
attracted an enormous crowd of people,
who crowded all the narrow streets in the
stockyards and swarmed by thousands
upon the viaducts which pass through
the yards at a height of twenty feet from
the ground. /
The fire originated with the explosion of
three lard tanks on the fifth floor of the
building. There were a score of workmen
in the immediate vicinity of the tanks,
and a number of them, were badly burned
by the scalding lard.
The lard refinery had just been com
pleted, and was considered by its owners
the most . complete establishment of its
kind in the United States. It stood at tha
Intersection of Forty-third street and
Center avenue, and was five stories high
aid 250 "to 300 feet long. It was filled with
new and costly machinery, and during
the day 2000 people worked within its
walls. The night shift numbered 700, and
all of . them were in the building when
the fire broke out. It is thought all es
caped in safety, although the time al
lowed some of them was exceedingly
brief. "I,:.'
The fatally injured are: Jennie Smith,
stenographer German- American Provision
Company, both legs broken; Ray Irwin,
11 years of age, internally injured and
head badly cut; Israel Morris, driver po
lice patrol wagon, both legs broken;
Michael Malloy, driver of fire engine, in
ternal injuries; Miles McMara. broken
back; Maggie Frazier, internal injuries;
J. P. Bradshall, head crushed.
CHICAGO, May IS.— During the pro
gress of a fire which to-night destroyed
the lard refinery of Armour & Co. in the
Union stock yards, seventeen people were
injured, seven of them in a mamter which
will cause death in a short ! time. The
loss of the company is estimated by its
officers between $750,000 and $900,000, with,
all the chances in favor of the latter
figure.
There were a number of accidents,. but
by far the largest number of those who
were hurt met their injuries by the fall
ing of the hog runway, upon which they
were^stahdine to obtain a better view of
the fire. ;
Ominous Import of
the Convention
in Hazleton.
Flames Cause Loss of
Nearly Million
Dollars.
A Thousand Persons
Fall With Break
ing Timb&rs.
Coal Workers Are to
Unite in All
Sections.
Spectators Injured at
a Big Blaze in
Chicago.
Miners Plan a Strike
of Amazing Pro=
portions.
HORROR
ATTENDS
THE FIRE
NATION'S
INDUSTRY
IN PERIL
AMIDST THE RUIN AND DEATH OF STRICKEN ST. PIERRE GHOULS
INTERFERE WITH RELIEF WORK AND COMMIT ACTS OF PILLAGE
pORT DE FRANCE, Island of Martinique, May 16:— Great flashes of very bright light were;^ here. Thick, glowing red clouds, interspersed with
flashes of ligltt, are issuing from the volcano this morning. ' Stiowers of cinders, lasting for • twenty [iminutes^'accomptim^ Lorraine, Marigol, Sainte Marie and La Trinite are panic-stricken.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 168.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FBiA^CISC^
The San Francisco Call.. Jamaica, May 16.— Advices
received ,hiere from Fort de France say
that looting and ;rbbbery are- on the In
crease .at Sti Pierre, and elsewhere and
that the authorities cannot cope with the
conditions, especially as local political
quarrels at St. Pierre are Interfering with
p^ ctI 5 al harmonious action. There are
tOOO refugees at Fort de France' and rioting
is feared there. ¦'--. *. ...-,¦ ¦-,
Looting and Quarrels.
.Itchingv Blind. Bleeding or. Protruding piles
No cure, No Pay. All druggists are authorized"
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment : to; refund
money where It fails to cure any jcase of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In six days; worst cases in fourteen days
One application. gives ease and rest. \ Relieves
itching inetantly. This is a new discovery, and
,13 the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee; no cure, no pay. A. free sample will be
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad-'
dress. • Price, 50c. If your druggist don't /keep
It ln ¦ stock send- 60c In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured bv
PARIS, MEDICINE CO.. St.' Louis., Mo.;, who
also , manufacture ;, the celebrated cold cure
I^uratlVB Rromo-Onlnln« Tablets. .'.'>•
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Cornwall's Gift to Whatcom.
WHATCOM. May 16.-Hon. P. B. Corn
wall of San Francisco to-day presented to
this city a $5000 library site and building.
PRETORIA, May 16.— All the Boer dele
gates are now assembled at Vereenlnglng
Transvaal, where every facility has been
afforded them for private sessions, ths
first of which has been arranged for to
day All the voting will be by ballot Dur
ing the deliberations at Vereeninglng Lord
Kitchener has guaranteed Immunity from
attack to all commandos whose leaders
are participating In the conference.
Boer Delegates in Session.
MADRID, May 16.— The Grand Cordon of
the Order of Carlos III has been conferred
upon all the envoys extraordinary to the
coronation. These include Dr. J. L M
Curry, the American envoy, and the in
signia was sent- to Curry's residence to
night, v. . • .-•¦
The American envoy was given the place
of honor at the banquet. The Princess of
the Asturlas sat at the King's right hand
and Curry, sat next to the -Princess. In
mates - of the palace declare . that i the
Queen mother has constant fits of crying
for fear that ehe may break down. during
to-morrow's trying ordeal: ; ¦ ¦ °
Dr. Curry Receives Grand Cordon
•of Order of Carlos in in
Spain.
HONORS ARE BESTOWED
\_ ON AMERICAN ENVOY
NEW YORK, May 16.-Cornelius .N.
Bliss,' national treasurer of the' West In
dies^ relief funds, said this afternoon- that
he had received a total of $48,248 for the
relief work.. : .
National Relief Fund:
KINGSTON, Jamica, May 16.—Accord
ing to reports .received here' from Barba
does, B. W. I., It is calculated that two
million tons of volcanic dust from the
eruptions on St. Vincent has fallen over
that island. Volcanic dust is now fallinz
ir the highest altitudes of Jamaica
Two Million Tons of Dust.
¦ There is^.a 1 fresh flow of Java in
the^mer£'' Blancrie-' and Basse
Pointe, has been .evacuated on
accountfof 'the heavy rain of cih-
: oix,:the. p eak.of
Mont;"; Pelee, is- (the- center : of a
most; curious electrical ¦ phenom
enon. Ar times the air is cut and
slashed . .with electrical - •dis
charges, and during the nights
of May 1 r and 12 aCbalj of 'fire
and luminous clouds •lighted up
the 'ruined country ' for miles. ...
subterranean activity is by no
means" ended, and in the north
ern part, of the island wide crev
ices are forming, cutting off trie
northern from the southern- half
of, the, island. A remarkable
change in the ocean . bed off the
northern coast- has been noted.
In some places before finding
bottom! the lead sinks fully thirtv
fathoms" deeper in the; sea .than it
did previous to the eruption.
This -explains why. cable commu
nication with 'the island was cut
off. New craters are forming oh
MontTelee in trie .district trav
ersed by Riviere Blanche (White
River )- C :^y^£ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦
The De Koven Cotillon Society is ar
ranging for a benefit entertainment and
ball for the relief of Martinique sufferer
to be given Wednesday, June IS. Mayor
Schmitz has consented to make the open
ing address. The committee consists of
Carl Craner, Edward Gensler and Han-v
Joseph. *«*rjr
Cotillon Society Will Aid.
Continued From. Page One.
ENGLISH OFFICER IS ACCUSED.
Refugees from the surrounding Islands
are arriving in large numbers at Trinidad.
An investigation 'of the report which
orioinated in Marseilles, France, that a
volcanic {outbreak was imminent here and
that people on that account were leaving
the island, shows that no volcanic dis
turbance had occurred | here up to last
night. The asphaltum or pitch lake re
tains Us. normal conditions. -
"Scientists who made a- study of the
situation say the heat must have been
about 300 degrees. The bodies were in
clnerated and the stone walls were crum
bled." :
Mont Pelee was still belching smoke and
lava. -
The negroes '¦•ere all saved by 4 o'clock in
the afternoon, excest a few who refused 'to
leave th.j land. At this hour the Suchet sig
naled, "The operation is aver: thank you."
The Such<?t then steamed away In the direc
tion of Fort de France, but our boats had not
all returned to the ship. We were stilK wait
ins lor the laut one when there waa a tre-'
mendous report from the crater of Mont 'Pelee,
quickly followed by a second report. These
explosions caused great excitement on shore
and our last boat returned to us, bringing the
remainder of the negroes, including those who
had . sreviouBly refused to leave. | They had
been frightened by the reports, and Jumping
into the sea, had swum out to the boats.
We saved 000 people from the north side
where on account of the wind there were no*
60 many aehes. We take great pride in the
fact that the Danish flair was the first foreign
one at the scene of thfe disaster. We proceeded
to Fort de France and landed there the people
we had rescued, as welL as some provisions
At the latter .port, a Government offlclalcame
on l>oard the Valkyrien and thanked us all for
what we had done. The Suchet returned to Si
Pierre and secured the gold from the bank at
Martinique.' T*ie coins had melted together.
Last Wednesday. May 14, the officers of oui
ship attended mass at Fort de France, and we
left there to return | here the same ' day. • We
lapsed St. Pierre at noon. The British steamer
Roralma was still burning. She appeared to.
be aground. Mont Pelee was etlll smoking
and the town of St. Pierre now resembles
Pon~.re!l. We saw a blackened wreck which
we thought to h* the cable repair ship Grap
l'ler. It l« estimated that the volcanic du«{
from Mont Pelee was thrown seven mllea Into
the air. -•>'¦:' -.''-.: ¦
In the morning we saw the French cruiser
£uchet and went near the ehore. The ashes
became dense as we approached- and many
dead bodies were floating . on the sea. ' They
were burned and swollen and floating in groups,
in some cases : of ten each. The dead hands
were knitted and the limbs were cramped.
Nearly all the bodies were those of white per
sons. As we approached St. Pierre we saw
the town was covered with ashes. We then
Joined the cruiser Suchet and the cable repair
ship Pouyer-Quertler and together went toward
Le Precheur. The rain of ashes was heavy
and shrouded the Suchet. As soon as the
atmosphere cleared ud we ran close to Le Pre
cheur and then to Hamcau des Sablnes. The
boats from all three ships were put overboard
and the rescue of people from the shore com
menced at 11 o'clock in the morning. We
were all covered with gray ashes, our eyes
were weeDlnff and the heat was intolerable.
Some of the negroes came out to us ln small
boats. They were nearly naked and some of
them Were laughing, while others were crying-.
Some of them carried chairs with them, while
others brought dogs and kittens as ail their
property. Their woolly hair was thick with
ashes. Several big pans on board our ship
were filled with cooked food and placed on
deck. They were soon surrounded by a crowd
cf chatterinr natives.
"We left St. Thomas the afternoon of May 9.
The next day when seventy miles from Mar
tinique the falling volcanic ashes became
troublesome. We approached the island and
discovered St. Pierre to be burning. We made
tisrnals to the shore, but no replies were re
ceived. We ..then lay off the night and wit
ressed a remarkable spectacle of fire and light
ning-. ABht6 fell and detonations were heard.
respondent here of the Associated
Press has had an interview with one of
the . Valkyrien' s officers, who said:
ST. THOMAS. D. W. I., May 16.— The
Danish cruiser Valkyrien has re
turned from Martinique. The cor-
OF 1 - '"; SPAIN, Trinidad,
¦ ; 7»^H ";Mu^i«.-^A~rellef -expedition
• ¦ jy?- :^y l ,Beritvto : Martinique has Just
•"' ''M^^^J retiirned to .iportof Spain af
:'^»'-"*/>;;^> ,^ieVvdeliv.ering; the V supplies
,'.;• . {¦*'.•¦•', ?;.* : sent, from. ;'here. ': One ot the
v^:;;.^:,.*^ niembersjpt^the, . expedition
fav,6\thjs rintejyieVf or Tjie Call, this af
't^rhbon: '¦'¦V'.'^vj -:¦-.. V^r >'.'-¦-'••'•' : 
¦1 j.V We. arrl yed; ai,\F6rt de early on
the:'iHorniflg;Of ; Maytl2,>and at once made
arrangement^orjlanding bur~supp.lles. . The
'Acting Govertior';expressed ksfen apprecia
tion) of ;¦ ' our tmlssidiu ' and, of \ course, the
¦ ordinary/ ¦ customs * duties'- were not col
lected.' The ¦•;'. f di)d i was greatly .needed. : We
saw/'hundreds, T r pf -"i refugees v . entetfrig the
city ,: some" of them without -any thing e'x
cept the clothes: worn 'by^.thenvand.a few
carrying their belongings on their heads.
•They .were apparently dazed and jlid not
know, what .to/ do to- care fpr themselves.
The Governor' said medical supplies .were
not needed, as there were no' injuries.
"We were struck with the apparent
apathy of the inhabitants of Fort de
France. Their calmness while speaking
of the catastrophe was something re
markable.
"An . election had beeniheld in Fort de
France the day before we arrived there,
and the people were much more interest
ed in the result than in the destruction 'of
St.. Pierre. At least, that is the way it
appeared to us.
"It. is impossible to give an adequate
description of the conditions we. found .ex
isting in Martinique. ; The country, for
miles around St. Pierre is covered .with
sand and ashes. The stench that comes
from the bodies In St. 'Pierre is so strong
that it is very offensive five miles out at
sea. Our party, landed at St. Pierre, but
we were able to penetrate only about
three hundred yards.' All became ill. ;. We
had' disinfectants, but they did not seem
to make any impression upon the stench.'
The, aspect was -everywhere the same.
The bodies were smelling In the heat.
'•'-¦'...-'.¦- Vv-.:.;*» /:.¦.'-.* ¦.' . . .: * — 7'
From the Social Correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald.
• C6p^ght^^^^yiti^Kr«w^orls Herald Publishing Company.
DANISH CRUISER
DOES THE FIRST
RESCUE WORK
A solemn « high requiem mass for the
repose of the souls of the victims of tha
Martinique disaster was celebrated yes
terday morning- at 10 o'clock at the
French Church of Notre Dame des Vic*
toires. The celebrant was the Rev.
Father Alexander Hamet, pastor of the
church. Rev. Father Neil o£ Menlo Park
Seminary was deacon and Rev. Father J
Dreyer was sub-deacon.
Governor Gage, General Hughes and hia :
aids. Lieutenants Conger and Croft, andi
most of the Consuls were present Th* I
French^ Consul, M. Henri Dallemagne,
and Vice Consul, Maurice • Heilmann
were In attendance in full uniform
Archbishop Riordan and Bishop- Char
tran of Osaka, Japan, were amonz tha
clergy present.
The church was hung with French and
Arrterican flags, -^ught Into drooping
folds by bands of crape. The catafalque
in front of. the altar wa3 covered with a
huge French flag, and candles burned
about It. At the foot of the catafalqua
lay a single srJray of St. Joseph lilies.
Mass was sung by an augmented choir
of fifteen voices. A selection from Ros
sini's "Stabat Mater," Schmidt's "Ky
rie," "Dies Irae," by Giorza, and the
'Sanctus" and "Agnus Dei" of the same
composer were sung.
Father Hamet made a brief address, la
which he extended thanks for the nm.
pathy of the American nation.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan adminis
tered absolution at the close of the service
and the choir sang "Nearer, My God ¦ to
APARENT APATHY
OF THE ISLANDERS
People of Fort de France Show More
Interest in an Election Than the
?&>*•< 'cyJ.'.St* Pierre Horror.
SOLEMN HIGH
REQUIEM MASS
IS CELEBRATED
' * : :¦" * • . - . , fU;.:.>.: j '* S3 '¦¦': \ ¦-'/'¦.W 1' ¦ .Ujj \ >_¦ * * ¦ * :*
MEMBERS f LOCAL, MARTINIQUEr RELIEF COMMITTE AS
I THEY APPEARED DURING THE. ,6ESSION'V IN THE OFFICE OF
MAYOR SCHMITZ YESTERDAY AFTERNOON. .
The schooner E. J. Morse was among
the vessels destroyed at St. Pierre so it
is evident that Consul Prentis arid his
family did not make their escape
Last Wednesday, which was April 23, I was
in my room with little Christine; and we heard
three distinct shocks. They were so great that
we supposed at first that there was some one
at the door, and Christine went and found no
one there. The first report was very loud, [ but
the second and third were so great that' dishes
were thrown from the shelves and the house
was' completely rocked; ¦ - .'.:.¦-¦:..•.,..;*-.
We can see Mount Pelee from the rear win
dows In our house, and although it Is fully four
miles away, we can hear the roar and see the
flre and lava Issuing fronY it- with" terrific force '
The city is covered with ashes and clouds of
smoke have been over our ; heads for the- past
five days. The smell of- sulphur is so strong
that horses on the street stop and jiriort, and
some of them are obliged to give up, drop -in
their harness and die from suffocation. Many
of the people are obliged to .wear, wet hand
kerchiefs over their faces to protect theni from
the strong funes of sulphur. ¦;¦¦'¦¦¦
My husband assures me that there Is no inii
mediate danger and when, there Is the least
particle of danger he will leave the place There
is an American schooner, the VE. J. Morse 'in
the harbor, and It will remain here for at least
two weeks. If the volcano becomes very bad
we shall embark at once "and go out to sea
The papers in this, city are asking if we are
going to experience another earthquake and
volcano similar to that which struck here some
fifty years ago. ' •.-... .™"
My Dear Sister: This morning the whole pop
ulation of the city Is on the- alert, and- every
eye is directed toward Mont Pelee, ah extinct
volcano. Everybody is afraid that the volcano
has taken Into its heart to burst forth and de
stroy the whole island.' .. •; • i.
Fifty years ago Mont Pelee burst forth with
terrific force and destroyed- everything {or a
radius of several miles. . For several days- the'
mountain } has . been bursting forth, and Im
mense quantities of lava are flowing down the
side of the mountain.
All the inhabitants are going up to see it.
There Is not a horse to be had on the island.
Those belonging to the natives are kept in
readiness to leave at a moment's notice.. sfi
Prentis a letter saying that
they appreciated their danger when the
Mont Pelee volcano first displayed signs
of activity, about April 25, which date the
letter bears, and had made plans, to leave
if occasion arose. ,..-¦.-• : . •¦ '-¦¦¦>-¦
The full text of the' letter received by
Miss Fry- is as follows: ¦__. y ,_*-.¦;
"¦Mf-— ¦*. OSTON, Mass., May 16.— A
M i» special from Melrose, Mass.,
B igj^ says: Miss Alice Fry, sister-
B . \]m in-law of Thomas T. Prentis,
B 19 United States Consul at St.
, Pierre, has received from Mrs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
How Consul Preiitis
and Family Came
to Die. '
DELAY
PROVES
FATAL
? T £ e r,P r J Ce of has been fixed
at $1 50 for orchestra and balcony seat». ¦
Tickets may be secured at the box offices
of the different theaters and from- the
members of . the Police and Fire depart
ments^ who have been requested to help
the affair along. • *
The benefit will take place next Friday
afternoon at the California Theater, com
mencing at half past 1 o'clock. The pro
gramme as now arranged is one of tha
best that has ever been offered at any
similar affair in this city. James Neill and
his company, now at the California, will
present an act from one of the best of
their productions. John Drew and his
notable company will come over from the
Columbia to give an act from "The Sec
ond ln Commajid"; Ferris Hartman and
his merry associates from the Tivoli will
give an act from "The Singing- Girl" and
the Alcazar Company will present an act
2r£ m tne Jatest Eastern comedy success,
The Brixton* Burglary." The best feat
ures of next week's Orpheum hill will be
given, and there will be acts by Edward
Harrigan and the Grand Opera-house
Company and the Central Theater Com
pany.
the President's relief committee to
aid the Martinique sufferers secured tha
promise of the Theatrical Managers' As
sociation to give a monster benefit to help
swell the fund that San Francisco is to
send to the stricken community. The
theatrical people, both managers and ac
tors, have always been ready to assist la
any worthy charity, and in the present In- *
stance they all jumped at the suggestion
the moment It wat made. No sooner wss
the promise given than the various man
agers began to bend their energies to the
affair, and already arrangements have
been practically completed. The pro
gramme la about made up and tickets
will be ready for sale to-day.
A CTING upon the suggestion of Actor
/\ James Neill, yesterday Mayor
•*¦* Schmitz and Andrea Sbarboro of
THEATRICAL
PEOPLE PLAN
BIG BENEFIT
KINGSTON, island of St. Vincent
(Thursday afternoon). May 15.— A corre
spondent has just returned here from a
visit on horseback to the devastated dis
trict of this island, during which, he trav
eled fifty miles and penetrated to within
five miles of the Soufriere crater. The
ash-covered area of St. Vincent exceeds
that of Martinique, which the correspond
ent has also explored. The most con
servative estimate of the death rate here
now places the number at 1700. About
1300 bodies already have been interred.
CBOPS ABE BUINED.
There is a strange apathy exhibited
there which Americans cannot under
stand. An election set for Sunday, May
11. was actually held In tort de France
and the contest at the polls was as keen
ly contested as would have been possible
had Mont Pelee not killed 30,000 people a
score of miles away just three days
earlier. .
The United States cruiser Cincinnati ar
rived here from Martinique two days ago.
Officers report that the war vessel passed
through heavy showers of ashes. They
say that Mont Pelee is still blazing and
that the danger has not passed. The offi
cers insist that the American supplies
must be distributed by the American
Consul, or at least by an American com
mittee. The Martinique funds are ex
hausted, and persons bringing relief are
far from pleased with the attitude of the
local committees that have had charge of
affairs in Fort de France.
SHOWERS OF ASHES.
Down the east slope of the volcano a
stream of water can be seen flowing, but
no man has approached close enough to
it to tell whether It is fresh or impreg
nated with sulphur, as much of the water
of the island is.
The Soufriere seems to have completely
changed its shape. Its j top ' has disap
peared, and from a distance the moun
tain looks as though a mighty thumb had
pressed upon It, crushing down its apex.
"Where a pretty blue lake of great depth
existed a fortnight ago there is now a
bubbling caldron of molten lava. Above
this clouds of smoke and steam constant
ly rise. Over the entire island spreads a
peculiar mist, which is* injurious to the
eyes and which .contains noxious proper
ties which cause much distress. Some of
the huts built by the Carlb Indians still
stand and in every one there are bodies.
Scattered about in the open also there
are hundreds of bodies blistering in the
terrible heat. The result is that an cf
nuvia spreads over the island of St. Vin
cent which is nauseating and which
threatens a pestilence that will further
decimate the population. Such precautions
«s are possible are being taken to ward
off fevers, but the most that can be done
is very little. . . •
GATHEBI1TG BODIES.
Burial parties have been sent out. Bod
ies are being dragged with ropes to
trenches for interment and cremation has
bean resorted to. One great trouble lies
in the fact that many of the bodies are
too close to the • Soufriere to be ap
proached. Until the volcano quiets down
they must remain to add to the stench
that is already almost unbearable.
Starvation is a condition that actually
exists in St. Vincent. Three thousand
refugees are being fed and sheltered by
the Government near Georgetown and
Kingston, but other thousands are m
need of food.
Supplies are coming in. but not fast
er.ough to meet the demands. It is re
ported that relief ships are hastening to
Kingston, and in a few more days it Is
believed that there will be food in plenty.
The water famine is causing more dis
tress than lack of food.
Many of the former supplies of water
have disappeared. Rivers that were run
ning banks full before the explosion of
Scurfiere are now dry. Wells have evap
orated, and only in the south half of the
island is there any water that can be
reached.
succession. They are not sufficiently se
vere to do great damage, but they fill the
inhabitants with fear, and if it were pos
sible to obtain transportation, it is safe
to say that St. Vincent would be depopu
lated in twenty-four hours.
The island is constantly in a tremble.
Earthquakes follow one another in quick
entists believe that the volcano
has not stopped emptying,, and there Is
a general expectation that there will be.
another and a severe explosion.
CASTRIES. St. Lucia. May 16.—
No one has been able to ap
proach nearer than five miles
to the crater of the St. Vin
cent Soufriere, which still
shows signs ol activity. Sci-
Ranee '. 100
M. J. Brandenstein & Co 50 GO
Total $2332 00
Following: are the names of those who
made subscriptions through The Call:
Cash $1 OO
A. H. Stewart 5 00
Friend B0
Friend' •" 1 00
D. P * ..-•; 2 50
Friend 50
Friend 100
George Raper 1 00
Cash 1 00
Camp & Brown 5 0O
R. Falrby 1 00
Lenormand Bros 25 00
Total $44 50
. The following were named as an auxil
ary committee to receive contributions: .
Banks — J. K. Wilson, ¦"' Sansome and Pine
streets; I. W. Hellmaa Jr.. Unloa Trust build-
Insurance — W. J. Dutton, Sansome and Cali
fornia; George D. Spencer, California street.
Railroads (street)— A. W. Holland. Wells.
Fargo. & Co.'s building; H. G. Platt. Mills
building; J. V. Stetscn, 14 Sansome; H. M.
A. Miller, Claus . Spreckels building. - ?
Lumber (hard)— A. A. Wlgmore, 129 Spear;
E. A. Waterhouse, 16 Beale.
Hardware — Andrew Carrigan, 17 Beale;
Joseph Sloss, Mission and Fremont.
Foundries and dealers in machinery — S. J.
Hendy, 38 Fremont; R. S. Moore, Spear and
Folsom.' ¦ ' .
Liquor merchants — E. R. Lillenthal, 100
Front; H. H. Sherwood. 21« Market.
Produce— F.W. Van Slcklen, 114 Market;
F. E. Brigham, 205 California.
Steamships — H. J. Knowles, 30 California;
W. D. K. Gibson. 323 Market.
| Real estate-r-O. D. Baldwin. 22 Montgomery;
Samuel Buckbee, - Mills building.
Coal dealers — C. R. Allen. 1H Steuart; James
Smith, 900 Battery. -
Hotels — General i R. H. Warfield, California
Hotel; Colonel J. S. -.Young, Russ House.
i Bar Association — E. B. Young. 14 Sansome;
Joseph Rothschild, Mills building.
Tea, coffee and spices—^Walter Castle, Davis
and Sacramento;. Ernest Folger, 104 California.
Mining and stock brokers — J. W. Pew, 310
Pine; Edward H. Benjamin, 331 Pine.
Crockery — Maurice Block, 108 Pine; Benja
min Kchloss, 409 Market.
Restaurants — Frank Mars ton, 865 Market;
C. A. Zinkand, 027 Market.
Tailors" cloth and trimmings — Sylvain Weill,
Market and Second: Solomon Reese. 24 Sutter.
, Medical — Dr. A. A. d'Ancona, 1022 Sutter;
Dr. Charles E. Wadsworth, 11 <H Van Ness
avenue.
Hatters — C. Coieman. Kearny and Sutter;
Martin Trieste, 116 Sansome.
. Bags and bagging — L. W. Harris, 104 Sacra
mento; W. W. Dekker, 700 Front.
Laundries — W. J. Biggy, 1004 Market; W.
Baclgalupl, 835 Folsom. . .
Cloaks— A. Callleau, 114 Kearny; M. M.
Loe wen thai, 914 Market. < . ¦ ¦¦¦
¦ Cigars and tobacco— Maurice Felntuch, 3
Battery; M. Blaskower, 222 Montgomery.
Hay and grain — J. Magner. 615 Sixth; Ed
ward . Aigeltlnger. : 1762 Ellis. ,
: Jewelers — Kenneth Melrose. 138 Sutter;
George C. Shreve. Market and -Post. -
Milliners — J. P.: Currier, ' 8 '•- Sutter; " R. I*
Toplitz. 545 Market." •/ .
.Lumber — C. A. Hooper, 204 Front; J. Dol
beer,:lO California.' I ¦ .. ..'•.•
-.Men's furnishing goods— G. JJrenner. 17 Bat-*
' tery; R. Atkins, 113 Montgomery. x
' Paints — Cy G. Clinch, ti Front; C Yates, 117
Market.
Furniture — George J>. Cooper, 114 Post; C.
Fredericks. 649 Market.
Groceries — H. . D. Loveland. - Clay and Bat
tery; S. Sussman, Market and Main. -
Music dealers — B. Mauzy, 308 Post- B. Cur
taz, 16 O'Farrell. \
Butchers — A. Decourtieux, 529 Merchant;
J. G. McMenomy, California Market.
Contractors — J. W. McDonald. Mills build-'
ing; H. W. Gray, 228 New Montgomery street.
Clothing— E. S. Rothschild", 11 Battery; J. W
Raphael. 9 Kearny. ' ; ¦ •
Fish dealers — Erland Drysellus, California
Market; A. Glustl. 50S Merchant.
Confectioners — G. W. Haas, 810 Market* F
Maskey, 32 Kearny. ... ' . - • •
Steam railroads — A. W. Foster, Mutual Life
building; E. O. McCormick, .2 Montgomery.
Gas and electric lighting — C. O. G. Miller 455
Sutter; W.;B. Bourn. 415 Post.
Carriage and wagon dealers — C. M. Weaver
Tentb and Market; L. D. Slocum, Polk street
and Golden Gate avenue.
Dry goods — L. Sachs. Bush and Sansome; J.
D. Grant. Bush and Sansome.
Teamsters and transfer companies — James
McNab, Fifth and Bluxome; George Renner 400
Battery.
Milk dealers — F. C. Green, Mission and
Ninth; H. H. Taylor, Mills building.
Livery stabler — Thomas Kelly, 1629 Pine: J.
Nolan Jr., 1611 California.
North Beach district— A. Glanninl. 104 Wash
ington; J. F. Fugazi, 5~Montgomery; G. Cale
garis. Pacific and Kearny.
Mission district — William J. Pattosien Six
teenth and Mission; Henry C. Bunker, 2668
Mission.
Polk-street district— Nathan Blbo, Polk and
California; John D. . Qulnn, Polk and Pine*
Charles S. Wheeler, 1208 Sutter.
- Flllmore-street district — G. Romanda. Fox
hall Market: John B. Cabossel, 2316 Fillmore*
Henry Lazzarlni, 2206% Fillmore.
'f Stationers — Samuel B. Welch, 321 Sansome *
Jonathan Curtis, 204 Pine. >
Druggists — Adolph Mack, 13 Fremont. *
Brewers — Thomas Alton, 240 Second; Henry
M'. Wreden, corner Lombard and Taylor.
Retail dry goods — Henry Frohman, 1220 Mar
ket; William Costello, 111 Post; Marshall Hale
987 Market. . , -
LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS.
The relief committee announces addi
tional subscriptions as follows:
Formerly reported $2278 50
E. G. Dennlston 510 00
Lewis Gerstle 25 00
G. A. Codoni, Tocoloma $10 00
Rudolph Herold . 25 00
M. H. de Young.' 100 00
Collections . received from Chronicle. ... 30 00
F. N. Belgrano 5 qq
Greenberg & Greenberg 5 00
Daniel Meyer „ 50 00
Richard Ragaez 5 qq
R. W. B 1 00
Edward G. Taylor 5 qq
H. M. Newhall ......;, 50 00
Welnstock & Lubin. 25 00
Samuel H. Heller. .....:..'. 25 00
Miss Schulte 3 qq
Pierce 3 00 j
San Francisco News Bureau....;....... 1 5 CO '
Cash ....:. 1W\
S.Campodonico, Guadeloupe...... .; ' s'oo '
Collections received from S. F. Call.... 44 50
Columbus Savings and Loan Society....- so 00
J. F. Fugazi ......... 2500
Shea. Bocqueraz & Co.;.... 20 00
Thomas Denlgan Sons & Co ' - 50 00
J. J. Duffey & Co 5 00
W. B. Stephens, M. D... 10 00
Thomas Day Company 20 0()
M. Schussler & Co .'....:.-.... 25 00 I
AN AUXILIARY COMMITTEE.
p Martinique -Relief Commlt
f^ M tee met in the Mayor's office
jfif ¦ . yesterday afternoon and took
B preliminary steps \ for the rais-
M '¦ ing of subscriptions. Mayor
Schmitz presided and there
' were present ' George A. New
hall, A. Sbarboro, A. -A. . Walking, Henry
T. Scott and Richard J. Tobin.
The offer of the theatrical managers to
give a benefit matinee at the California
Theater Friday, May 23, was accepted
with thanks. - "
The • members were agreed that the
great desideratum Is to : raise money
quickly and all efforts will be to that end.
The committee will meet again next
Tuesday afternoon. •
As the Colonial Hospital here was found
inadequate to accommodate the sufferers
large army tents have been erected for
the use of the patients who are being
constantly brought here from other towns
on the island, but even these annex hos
pitals are overcrowded. The local doctors
have been reinforced by a doctor who ar
rived here from the island of Grenada, one
of the British Windward Islands. He
brought with him a number of packages
?y useful supplIes> whi cn were extreme
«* Th £ "rfval here of the first detachment;
of the ambulance corps, which brought
sufferers from Georgetown, caused quite
a sensation. TJii* batch consisted of a
«h& € * d ? P «7 0i y < whose charred bodies
exhaled fetid odors and whose loathsome
features made even the hospital attend
ants shudder. It is doubtful whether one
o f the whole party will recover. -
uIJif t i < h ra .} e amon S the people In the
hospitals is still very high in spite of the
av t™J ft or , ts n J? de ln thelr behalf.
« L ll nei ehboring British colonies 'are
evincing sympathy with, the sufferers
her ,e. Subscription lists have been started
and food and clothing are being forwlrd
islands. VInc entfrom all. the British
ARMY TENTS USED.
HORRIBLY BURNED; ,
The' injured persons were horribly
turned by the hot grit which was driven
along with tremendous velocity. .Twenty-
Fix persons who sought refuge in a room
10x12 feet were all killed. One person was
brained with a huge stone nine miles from
the crater.
Rough coffins are being made to receive
toe remains of the victims. The hospital
here is filled with dying people. Fifty In
jured persons are lying on the floor of
that building, as there are no beds for
their accommodation, though cots are be
ing rapidly constructed of boards. This
and similar work has been in progress
s-nce immediately after the disaster. Two
days elapsed, however, before there were
any burials, as the negroes refused to dig
the necessary trenches, though they were
oiiered three times the usual wages by
the local authorities. The nurses em
pioyed are incompetent; but theyare will-
Ins to learn and are working hard. The
negroes are indifferent to all that is trans
piring and to what has taken place. They
expect to receive Government rations, but
there have been instances where they
have refused to bury their own relatives
The entire northern part of the Island Is
covered with ashes to an average depth
of eighteen' inches, varying- from a • thin
layer at Kingston to two feet, or more
at Georgetown. The crops are ruined,
nothing: green can be seen, the streets of
Georgetown are covered with heaps, of
ashes resembling snowdrifts, and ashes
rest so heavily on the roofs that in sev
eral cases they have caused them to fall
in. There soon will be 5000 destitute per
sons in need of assistance from the Gov
ernment, which is already doing every
thing possible to relieve the sufferers.
There are a hundred injured people »in
the hospital at Georgetown, gangs of men
are searching for the dead or rapidly
burying them in trenches and all lhat can
be done under the circumstances it being
accomplished. . J /.<:-.. -. .,,'
The British cruiser -Indefatigable
brought twenty-five tons of supplies here
and returned to the island of Trinidad for
more. : • ¦ ' --¦¦ • ¦ ¦ .;
The Governor of Windward Islands,' Sir
Robert Llewellyn, is here, supervising the
work of the authorities.
While the outbreak of the volcano on
the island of Martinique killed more peo
ple outright, more territory has " been
ruined in St. Vincent; hence ". there ris
greater destitution here. :,
From the Special Correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald.
Copyright, 1902, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
Leaders mLocal Relief W ork
Name an Auxiliary
While Bodies of the Dead
Are Being Qathered
Pestilence Brews.
People of San Francisco Are
Generously Responding
to Appeal.
Inhabitants of St. Vincent
Are Threatened With
New Disaster.
CRATER OF LA SOUFRIERE STILL SHOWS SIGNS OF ACTIVITY
AND THERE IS GENERAL FEAR OF ANOTHER SEVERE EXPLOSION
THE SAN FBANCISCOgeALL, SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1902
2
the most agreeable and refreshing
water, alone or mixed with wine, etc
Its moderate alkalinity admirably
counteracts the effects of wine and
¦ : ..-mj;., -"the queen 6f. table waters.- .
QUtress
Jffter Eating
1 Nausea between meals, belching, vom-
iting, flatulence,' fits., of nervous head-
ache, pain in the stomach, . are all symp-
tdms^of dyspepsia, and the longer; it is
neglected- the -harder it is to. cure it. .•;
Hpqdjs Sarsapariila
Radically; anav permanently, cure it— ¦
;stre.ngthenVand tone.' the," stomach and
other digestive* organs" for ,|the j natwai
perfprmanceNof] their- functions. . '.; : S
: Testimonials i o'f, remarkable i cures . mailed '-on'
request / C.-I. HOOD.CO.Vlrfwell, Mas«., >
DK. PIZKCE'S EEMEDIES.
Anxious thoughts sometimes perplex
the wife who sees maternity before her.
If she is treading an untried path, she
sometimes frets herself into a nervous
condition which is injurious and pros-
trating. If motherhood has already been
a painful experience she is apt to shrink
from the coming trial and by her very
mental anxiety increase the, possibility
of her suffering.
There is no cause for anxiety for those
prospective mothers who use Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription. It tranquilizes
the nerves, encourages the appetite, in-
duces refreshing sleep and produces
mental cheerfulness as well as physical
vigor. # It gives strength and muscular
elasticity so that the baby's advent is
practically painless. It is the best tonic
for nursing mothers.
"I am so thankful for what Dr. Wercc's Fa-
vorite Prescription has done for me," writes Mrs.
Tohn T. Smith, of Slocan. Brit. Col., Bor 50. "It
helped roe through the long months before baby
came and I have a big. strong baby girl, the
most healthy of the three, and it cured me of a
disease which was taking away all my strength."
The dealer who offers a substitute'
for' "Favorite Prescription" does so to
gain the little more profit paid on the
sale of less meritorious medicines. ' His
profit is your loss, therefore accept no
substitute.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser — sent free on receipt of stamps
to cover expense of mailing only.
J : -snd 2i one-cent, stamps for the
book in paper covers; or 31 stamps for
the cloth-bound volume. Address Dr.
£. V. Fierce, Buffalo. N. Y. ,No. 4690. Office of the State Board of Examiners.
r . ' . ;- •,"'-': ' : SACRAMENTO, Jan. 21, 1899.
The annexed, account jor $61,061 66 presented by- the Cali
fornia State Bank for fifty (50) Kern Copity 6 per cent bonds,
issued December 1st, ~ 1893^ premium and interest, is approved for
the sum ' of sixty-one thousand sixty-one 66-100 dollars* payable
but of, the State School Land Fund. ' '
¦: ~ ¦ 5 o fiscal year: - T ' ¦ ' . ; . ' yg>
:: /¦ • '¦ • .-. ¦ ..- ' .'¦¦¦¦.¦. ! ¦ ~~~ ~ ' ~ ' ¦ *5"
• ; . 0 "' ' : ¦ '-'"¦¦¦ Governor of California, to
¦ ¦'¦*.": ' : --' ' ' . ' ' '¦ ¦¦¦¦¦•' :"",-.-;' . • ¦ ¦ . ' "¦¦ S>
- ; ;' ; :'. : . Secretary of State. ¦ Cu
rU C. N. POST, . .5!
i Assistant Attorney General. §
;/• DANIEL KEVANE; I*
Secretary of State Board of Examiners, j $
CLAIM THA T DREW $10,000 PREMIUM
Mr.' Mack, had turned the light on the
stock deal so far as he was, able. The
case' went into the Superior. Court and
Judge J. "Wr- Mahon decided in Mack's
favor and against the proposed iBsue and
deliverance ; of . the bonds under the con
tract made by the ' Board of Supervisors
of Kern County .to Trowbridge &Co.- •¦¦¦;
1 -In these proceedings enough? publicity
was given totthe | fact' that '.Kern • County
was, proposing to retire the 6 per cent
bonds, that -were afterward disastrously
bought by. Kevane and Post for the State
to attract the v attention "of any State ; of-
Third— That divers persons and , cor
porations were anxious, willing and ready
to purchase the refunding bonds as soon
as they should be Issued for a price 'far
in- excess of their par value and accrued
interest, and that he (Mack), if permitted
to do so, would . purchase the bonds for a
sum ? or -price far in excess of the par or
face value and accrued Interest thereon. 1
Second— If the terms of the agreement
between the Kern Supervisors and Trow
bridge& Co. were carrledout the tax
payers of Kern County would suffer dam
age, as the consideration mentioned in the
agreement referred • was far . below the
market value"- of - the . proposed bonds;
which would, if sold according to law to
the highest bidder, bring more money. . -
• First — That the agreement made by the
Supervisors with Trowbridge- &• Co. was
in violation, of law and inexcess of the
power of the Kern County Supervisors to
enter into. , . .
Banker^Mack then set forth the reasons
for his .opposition to the deal for bonds
with Trowbridge & Co., which- were sub
stantial ones. As summarized they were
as follows: ' ' ' . V *''
GIVES COGENT TREASONS.
interest, and said party of the second part shall
sell at said ;,rlce $235,000, legal refunding bonds
of said county, drawing Interest at four, and
one-half per centum per annum, payable seml
annually^ dated on or ab»ut December 1, 1897
(not later than December 15, 1897), and due as
follows (then follow the dates of redemption) :
TELLTALE MEMORANDA;
. One of , these -claims tells the complete
story of the. purchase of the $50,000 lot of
; That the purchasers for the State were
the persons mentioned there is no possible
chance 't to - dispute. They .; were '- acting as
the State. Board of Examiners. Gage was
absent; neglecting his duty.. Kevane. was
the State government > and , transacted v . the
business of the State for, his incompetent
chief. V The J - evidence that : only Kevane
and : Post acted and that the transaction
h'.'-whlch" they: were I concerned went
through is evidenced by. two | claims and
attached memoranda . as they.; are " found
in the office of the 'State Controller. • :..,.-.
It was less than three months bi«
fore this, and after the proceedings
relative to . the bonds that .were., to
take the place of the Kern County six
per cents had been in the courts of /the
State and of common knowledge -to
every intelligent lawyer in the State
for nearly two years," namely, j from
September, 1897, that Messrs: Kevane
,and Post' bought the six per cents en
the ridiculous "terms; mentioned.
But the Supervisors and Trowbridge &
Co. were not inclined to give up the tight
in Kern County. An appeal was taken to
the Supreme CsurJ 6f California . in the
names of the several members . of the
Board of Supervisors of Kern from the
decision of the Superior Court. The records
of the, Supreme Court of the '.State show
that transcripts on appeal were filed Feb
ruary 8, 1898, and February 25, 1S98. The
case was In the Supreme Court on appeal
until September 16, 1899, when a" decision
was handed* down sustaining the Super
visors of Kern- County, and the bond issu e
was thereby approved.
BEACHES SUPREME COURT.
flclal or bond purchaser who might be
induced to invest. ...
tThe foregoing words .would have been
sufficient to warn any man buying secu
rities for his own use to inquire into the
Of course thft transaction became
known at Sacramento to certain high of
ficials about the State capital. There was
some quiet . talk, but na information wa«
vouchsafed to the press voluntarily either
early or late. Governor Gage heard of
the undercurrent of unfavorable com
ment. So did. Kevane. So possibly did
Assistant Attorney General Post, but he
says that he did not know of the proceed
ings to callin, the- Kern - County 6 per
cents when he voted with' Kevane to buy
them. In the wording of the old 6 per
cents occurs the following:
'¦! The county of Kern, in the State of Cali
fornia, for value received promises to pay
or order, at the office of the Treasurer
of th* town, said : county, in ¦ the. town- of
Bakersfleld, county of Kern, State of Califor
nia, on the 1st day of .December, nineteen hun
dred and thirteen, OR AT ANT TIME BE
FORE THAT DATE, AT THE PLEASURE OP
THE COUNTY, the sum of one thousand dol
lars,, gold coin of the United States, with inter
est, at the rate of 6 per cent per annum, etc.
BONDS GAVE ; WARNING.
SACRAMENTO, June 21, 1839.
The State of California to the National Bank
of D. O. Mills & Co.— Dr.
Thirty-seven Kern County six (6) per cent
bonds, dated December 1, 1893. and are num
bered from No. 10 to 25 and Nos. 174 to 200,
Inclusive, with interest payable thereon semi
annually, on December 1 and June 1 of each
year, each of said bonds having unpaid cou
pons attached thereto from No. 12 to 4*, both
numbers inclusive. / • . /
Principal .7... ...... .'....$37,000 00
Premium at $121 84 8,080 80
Interest thereon from June 1 to ¦. .•
June 17. inclusive!. ¦ " 104 83
¦ Total ..... ....A..... .;.... .$45,185 63
The claims signed by Kevane and Post,
by which the accounts submitted by the
banks and collection agencies Xor the bond
owners were approved, tell their own
story. These were ,the papers necessary
to compel the Treasurer to pay. While
the signatures of _the Gage officials are
not produced, the text is given without
variation. These several . papers speak to
the taxpayers eloquently of the- wrong
that has been committed. - •
The , Board of Examiners includes Gov
ernor Gage. In this Important crisis he
was absent from the board. What this
neglect of duty has cost the State in di
version of cash to outside bond specula
tors and in loss of self-respect to this
great commonwealth of California is ob
vious. The side light thrown by the
transaction on the claim of the adminis
tration to being businesslike is too strong
to be ignored. ¦
It is hereby agreed by and between Trow
bridge & Co. (Incorporated) of Chicago, Illinois
party of the first part, and the Board of Super
visors of Kern County, California, party of the
second part, I that the party ¦ of -¦¦ the first < part
shall purchase at par or face value and accrued
That eald defendants are about to proceed to
issue the amount of bonds specified as afnri»
said, ($235,000); that on or about the 21st day of
(September, A. D.-1897, said defendants while
pretending to act as Supervisors of. said 'county
of Kern, made, signed and delivered' to Trow
bridge & Co., a corporation having its prin
cipal place of business at Chicago. In the State
of - Illinois, a certain document in writing to
wit: - ~- ' ' : ¦ . . - : t
That said election (special bond election) was
duly and regularly held in said county of Kern
as provided by law, upon the said 9th day of
November, A. D. 1897; that prior to such elec
tion due notice thereof was given by publica
tion in the Kern County Californian, Kern
County Echo, Kern Standard and Kern County
Gazette, weekly^ newspapers published within
said county of Kern, In accordance ; with law
and the orders of the Board of Supervisors- that
on the 15th day of November, A. D 1897* said
defendants duly assembled as a board of can
vassers In their rooms in the Courthouse in
said town of Bakersfleld, . county, of Kern and
proceeded to and did canvass the returns of
said election, and thereupon ascertained that
two-thirds of. the electors of said county of
Kern, voting at such election, had voted In
favor of said bonds. . . ...
That on the 24th day of September, AD
1837, said defendants, duly and regularly' as
sembled at their usual place of meeting and
duly organized as a Board of Supervisors to
wlt. at their rooms in the Courthouse in the
town of Bakersfield, In said county of Kern
by an ordinance duly and regularly made and
Pafedby them, decided to refund said county
ln £f b n te i neSS and »P*cW«i amount of tends
which they proposed to issue, to-wit, bonds in
the sum of two hundred and thirty-five thou
£5? n°H ar n' l " S lnteres t at the rate of
four and one-half per centum per annum; all
thereof, and then to mature in the following
manner: ? ¦¦ * • . ¦ .
Some of the allegations In the complaint
filed by Banker Mack make interesting
reading. The complaint Is in part as fol
lows: - 1 - .-¦
So far no voice had been heard In pro
test, but directly after the vote by the
Kern County Supervisors Julius J. Mack,
a banker of Bakersfield, filed suit In the
Superior Court for Kern County against
H. A^ Jastro, C. J. E. Taylor, Henry
Bohna, Jerry Shields and . T. J. . Bottoms,
asking that a contract they , had made
with Trowbridge &¦ Co. be set aside, and
that the Supervisors, who. were those
named in the complaint, be restrained'
from carrying out the' contract for the
tame "and delivery of the refunding bonds.
jail was rendered habitable and the gen
eral atpect and convenience of the city
as a county seat was largely bettered.
All of the 6 per cent bonds 'of 1893 were
originally purchased by the Illinois Loan
and Trust Company. By 1897 $15,000 of the
1893 bonds had matured and had been re
tired and canceled. Then another Illinois
bond company, Trowbridge & Co., Incor
porated, of Chicago, came upon the scene.
They sent a man out to California to
work up a proposition that they, were
prepared to submit, which was to refund
the remaining and. outstanding $233,000 of
6 per cents with 4*£ per cents, to run as
serials for a period of ten years, when the
last of the series would mature. The offer
Included payment of the 6 per cents of 1893
at par, with accrued Interest at the rate
of 4M P er cent per annum. • This propo
sition was submitted and. accepted at a
meeting of the Kern Supervisors of . Sep
tember 24, 1897. Those present and vot
ing to accept the proposition were Super
visors Taylor, Shields, Bohna, Bottoms
and Jastro.. The amount of $23,000 ' Was
made payable annually. In the last year
$28,000 would become due and payable, the
Interest being paid seml-annually.
BANKER MACK PROTESTS.
MEMBERS OF STATE BOARD OF EXAMINERS WHO PURCHASED
KERN COUNTY BONDS AT A FIGURE FAR IN ADVANCE OF THEIR
VALUE/AND BUILDINGS CONSTRUCTED WITH ORIGINAL. ISSUE.
A T o. 47a. Office of the State Board of Examiners.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 21, 1899.
The annexed account for $45,185 63 presented by he Na
tional Bank of p. 0. Mills & Co. for thirty-seven (37) Kern
County 6 per cent bonds, issue December 1st, 1893, Premium and
interest, is approved for the sum of forty-five thousand one hundred
and eighty-five 63-100 dollars, payable out of the State School
Land Fund. V • X c^
fiscal year. ~~ ~~ ~—^~~~~~ — — — — — — q
Governor of California. |
Secretary of State. ; 2.
% . I . A ... C.N.POST.,; .|>.
Assistant Attorney General |
;'..- „.. ' DANIEL KEVANE, s'
Secretary of State Board of Examiners. ¦* 2
ANOTHER WASTE OF PUBLIC COIN.
bonds and -the other tells of the $37,000
lot. The signatures are only those of
Kevane ahd Post. The memoranda at
tached thereto are as follows:
* SACRAMENTO. Cal.. June 21, 1899.
The State of California to the California State
Bank — Dr. -
Fifty Kern County six (6) per cent bonds,
denominations one thousand dollars each, dated
December 1, 1833, and are numbered from No*.
201 to 260, both inclusive, with interest pay
able thereon seml-anndally, on December 1 and
June 1 of each year, each of said bonds having
unpaid coupons attached thereto from No. 12
to No. 40. both numbers inclusive. '
Principal .....$50.000 00
Premium at $121 84 10,920 00
Interest thereon from June 1 to
17, inclusive 141 66
• Total . . $61,061 66
In 1893 it was decided by the voters of
Kern County to issue 6 per cent bonds as
serials, redeemable at the option of the
county, in the amount of $250,000. These
v/ere issued and marketed. With the pro
ceeds of the Bale of the bonds quite ex
tensive improvements of the nature indi
cated in the foregoing were effected. Ba
kerefit-ld was adorned with buildings, the
The initial story of the bond transac
tion, so far as Kern County is concerned
lr. it, may be briefly told. The county
Eome years ago wanted a County Hos
pital. Hall of Records, a building for its
high school, furniture for its County Jail,
bridges to span the Kern River and re
pairs upon its roads. To provide these It
had recourse to the familiar method of
raising money— the issuance of bonds.
Daniel Kevane and Assistant Attorney
General Post, acting as the State Board
cf Examiners, made the purchase of two
lots of Kern County six per cent bonds.
For one lot of fifty bonds, having the face
value of $50,000, they paid $61,061 66. For
another lot of thirty-seven, having the
face value of $37,000, they paid $45,185 63.
On the larger lot the premium paid
amounted to $10,920, approximately an ad
vance of twenty per cent above the face
value of the bonds about to be taken in.
On the same lot the sum of $141 66 ac
crued interest was paid by the State. On
the smaller lot of bonds the State was
forced to pay a premium of $8080 80 on
$37,000, together with Interest added of
$104 83. In iess than six months from the
cate of these transactions the bonds 1 were
redeemed by Kern County, which paid
only the face value of them and six months'
interest at the rate of 6 per cent per
annum. The bonds would have been re
deemed earlier had not the entire matter
been tied up by the Supreme Court of
California- at the time Kevane and Post
leaded up for the State. In six months
Kern County had the same securities in
liand for $16,637 23 less than the State paid
tor them.
KEVANE AND POST SIT.
t
In Bakersfield the State officials are the
subject of ridicule as they are in the East.
Whenever the mention of the transaction
In Kern County bonds is mentioned a
ehiver of apprehension is visible on the
part of the bread and butter followers of
the present State administration at Sac
ramento. They know that Eastern men
reeking to unload their securities at a
profit were allowed to make California a
victim through the Gage administration.
They know that the wrath that will fol
low the revelation will be deep and abid
ing. But the truth, through the enter
prise of The Call, is out this morning.
Ac a matter of course the thousands
of dollars that California has lost-hav*
been put in other pockets. Where they
ere or who has been enriched is not def
initely known at this time. That is an
interesting and suggestive theme. How
was it brought about? There is another
queer feature to the entire matter. Kern
County, through Its Board of Supervis
ors, without giving any one else a chance
to bid, and notwithstanding the offer of a
reputable banker of Bakersfield to pay
a higher price than was included In the
contract made with Chicago bond-buyers,
refunding $235,000 of bonds, gave to the
State -of California thousands of dollars
less for its refunded 6 per cent bonds
than had. just before been paid for them
by this State.
The essential portions of the records
are reproduced, and records are given
that every- voter who cares for the pub
lic school system of California may see
how the school fund has been plundered.
They will have a chance to reflect upon
the humiliating position in which this
great commonwealth has been placed be
fore the public by its representatives.
They will realize that the bond buyers of
the " Kast grin" broadly and "derisively
when the name of California is men
tioned. Taking the most charitable view
of the matter, California has been, shame
fully hoodwinked. Accepting the expla
nation that it is all due to a mistake,
the fact will still appear, to the shame
of all Californians, that the State gov
ernment has been engaged in the pur
chase of $S7,000 worth of securities with
out any knowledge concerning them. Xo
banking institution on earth could be
guilty of such careless handling of so
great a sum. The public's servants have
only to plead that the money belonged to
the State and that they did not exercise
the most ordinary care.
The simplest statement of the transac
tion is that when 6 per cent bonds ol
Kern County, to the amount of $235,000,
were about to be refunded and retired,
the State of California, through its ser
vants, notwithstanding that the Kern
County people had voted to refund, and
the matter had been given so much pub
licity through proceedings in both the
Superior Court for Kern County and the
Supreme Court of California that every
voter of ordinary intelligence In the
State knew of rfhat fact, went into the
market and bought the old bonds and
paid for them a huge bonus and also ac
crued interest. How this was accom
plished may be the subject of future offi
cial inquiry. The story would be incred
ible if it were not substantiated by the
official records in the offices of the courts
that have been mentioned and in the
State Capitol at Sacramento.
THROUGH the Gage adminis
tration of the affairs of Cali
fornia many thousands of
dollars have been taken from
the school fund of this State
to enrich bond speculators
in the East. The shameful
transaction, for which the
Governor is responsible ex-officio, has
been carefully concealed for many
months. Those who knew of the matter
kept still. Now the full facts have been
learned by The Call and they are given
to the people of the State who suffer by
the dereliction of those whom they mis
takenly placed in power.
Big Premiums
Paid, for
Bonds.
Governor Does
Not Stop
Cinch.
Sharp Eastern
Men Pluck
State.
RECORDS SHOW THAT GAGE'S ADMIN ISTRATIQN
AIDED IN PLUNDERING OF PUBLIC SCHOOL FUND
Officials Are
Culpably
Blind.
Thousands Are
Lost From
Folly.
Whole Deal Is
Brought to
Light.
THE VETOED BILL.
status of the securities when so large a
sum as $87,000 was involved.
The only other * Indispensable facts in
this connection, although there are
enough minor ones of the same general
sort to fill large newspaper space, are
supplied by the acts of the Legislature
and Governor Gage In 1901. Prior to that
a report of the State Board of Examiners
had appeared In which they congratulated
themselves for "saving the State." Then,
in 1901, a Senate bill was introduced,
which passed the Senate on February I
and the House on February 19, 1901. that
took the power from the State Board of
Examiners to act on its own motion in
making other bond purchases for the* in
vestment of moneys proceeding from the
school lands of the State, and bestowed
upon the State Treasurer the power to
make the investments. There were other
things in the bill that went through the
two houses of the Legislature.
When the bill came to Governor Gage
he vetoed It. {The Board of Examiners
has the same power that it had before
it made the strange deal described In the
foregoing and Governor Gage, In the light
of all the facts, vetoed the bill mentioned.
The text of the bill that was vetoed by
Governor Gage Is as follows:
Section 1 — Section stx hundred and eighty of
the Political Code is hereby amended to as to
read as follows:
680 — Whenever and as often as there is in
the . State Treasury the sum of ten thousand
dollars as the proceeds of the sale of State
school lands, the State Treasurer, by and with
the advice and approval of the State Board of
Examiners, shall invest the same In the civil
funded bonds of this State, or In the bonds of
the United States, or in the bonds of the sev
eral counties, or of the several municipalities,
or of the several school districts of this State,
the investments to be made in such manner and
on such terms as the State Treasurer, by and
with the advice and approval of the State
Board of Examiners, shall deem for the best
Interests of the State school fund; provided,
that no bonds of any county, or of any munici
pality, or of any school district, shall be pur
chased of which the' debt, debts or liabilities
at the time exceed" 15 per cent of the assessed
value of the taxable property of said county,
or of said municipality, or of said school dis
trict.
Section 2 — Thi« act shall take effect imme
diately.
ARGUES FOR BOARD.
Had the Governor approved of this bill
the Examiners would have been com
pelled to take a back seat for the State
Treasurer in this matter. The language
of the veto says that the Governor saw
no reason for taking from the Board of
Examiners their present powers. The
substantial part of the veto is as follows:
I herewith return to your honorable body
without my approval Senate bill No. 1Q9, en
titled "An act to amend ¦ section 680 of the
Political Code, relating to the investment of
moneys proceeding from the sale of State school
lands." 'A
It is proposed by the present bill to amend
section 6S0 of the Political Code by taking from
the State Board of Examiners the power of In
vesting the proceeds of the sale of State school
lands In the civil funded Txmas of this State,
United States bonds, ' and in bonds of the sev
eral counties, and giving this power to the
State Treasurer, to be exercised by and with
the approval of the Board of Examiners, and
with like further power to said State Treas
urer to invest said money in bonds of the sev
eral municipalities and school districts of this
State. < -
I perceive no reason I nor necessity for this
transfer of duty from the Board of Examiners,
and danger may be apprehended from author
izing the investment of such school funds in
municipal and school district bonds. It would
be difficult .for the State Treasurer and Board
of Examiners to become acquainted and satis
fled with these various classes of securities for
investment, and besides entailing great labor
upon the Attorney General in their examin
ation, it is not unlikely that politics might i n
the -future enter as a factor in the negotiations
for the sale of such municipal and school dis
trict securities, thus imperiling the safety of
these funds. •
It is preferable that the school money should
remain partly uninvested, waiting the better
class of securities, than that the capital should
be subjected to the risk of future complications
and embarrassments which might arise under
the proposed bill. »
That the chances for successfully raid-
Ing the California State school fund were
carefully calculated In the East before
the unparalleled attempt was made Is un
questioned. There were bondholders who
wanted to unload profitably before the re
funding could be brought about, and the
State of California furnished a shininjj
mark for them. ¦ • . : ."¦.-.
AUDITOR BAEHR CITED
rOR' CONTEMPT OF COURT
Refuses to Dra-w a "Warrant for
• Juror's Fees Indorsed by
. ..Judge Cook. - . .
Harry Baehr, City Auditor, has .been
cited to appear before Judge Cook Mon
day morning to show cause why fee
should not.be punished for contempt of
court. He was at . first cited to appear
this . morning, but the Judge was notified
that Attorney Cobb, who represents, tha
Audi tor., would be out of the city to-day *»
and the change was made to Monday
morning, i
An arridavit was filed yesterday morn-*
Ing by Andrew Jackson, one of the
jurors who had been sitting In Judge
Cook's court since January, that he hao
laid before the Auditor on April 1 a bill
for $26 for fees as a „ juror in thirteen
cases, which was indorsed by the Judge
under section 1143 of the Penal Code. It
had been marked by the Auditor as "al
lowed" on April 18, and, indorsed as cor
rect by A. B. Mahoney, County Clerk,
but the Auditor had refused at different
umes since then to draw the warrant for
the amount. It was therefore asked that
the Auditor be cited to appear and show
cause why he refuses to recognize th»
order of the Judge,
3
THE SAN GALL, SATURDAY, MAY 17^ 1902.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR; ATLAS,
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases lias arrived and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. AH subscribers to The
Call are entitled to n copy of
this jr reft t book at the prem*
twm rate of fl 5O. Out of
town subscribers desiring a
copy ¦ of thlm "splendid . prem-
ium -will be mpplled on re*
celpt of fl 50. All mall
orders jrUl be shipped by «z>
press at subscriber's expenseA varied and e^iecrlihe of cameras and
photographic supplies . at Sanborn &
Yall's, 741 Market street' ¦¦¦' •
- George E. : I^orse, clerk, of the .United
States District Court,' is seriously ill. ' An
operation. was performed yesterday morn
ing, on his tonsils to cure a' throat affec
tion-. - • . - v
Clerk: Morse , Is Sick.
lottery Place- is) Kaided.
/ l>etectives Regan and O'Connell raided
IVLTS^ »"<» H.ln the Chronicle building
thfv 1^ an f arrested Samuel Jones al
•S?»h*S p - r /? f a lottery place and Petex
Smith and George C. Godeau as visitor"
A , large number of lottery . tickets wer«
aeiaed and booked as evidence.
quickest and- most "convenient .way*, lii
and out of the ,Tosemlte , Valley is, by; way. of
th* Santa Fe.- ¦ If you 1 . leave San Francisco to
day . at 0 a. , m. on the California Limited i you
are In Yosemlte to-morrow at 5. p. m.. ...V
. Call . at Santa Fe ticket office, 1 041 Market
street, for illustrated ; pamphlet ¦ and ¦ t\i\\ ' par- 1
tlculars;_ .. -.. -, -. ¦' , ..'.•; '. ; '¦..?:
Yosemite Via the - Santa Fe.
Tournament for Men and Women fr>
Be Held on Happ*y Valley t"
Links To-Day. \ V :
The San Rafael Gcjficrub fs'ithtk only
r-ne of the local clubs. that ia hoMins any
regular scheduled tournaments; at .this
iiSr < J:-«^i, tO^ rna ?l BItf " w!1 Ji |) * held oa thQ
l t?p?«««^ Sa » n Fra £cisco Golf Club un-
SitSSf^Sii 100 day; tournament com
»li.i? arrange some contest for club
fSfrt^T 1 *, 011 i? at da y-' a n«i win set, a date
*Zr £5* f ndlca P* °P«n to members of
%£ ott club °n the Pacific Coast.: : •
*£%&. Taornin S at 9:30 there will be a
on Si l?nif tr °^ e ,v CompetUloa tor women
and *t V^5 s .w f - th f San Rafael GoIT Qub.
fimnt; thl3 ' afternoon there will be a
fo^mln Wtltl0n :weT 'hole.
CITY GOLP SEASON-; i -
I>RAWSj NEAR: ITS CLOSE
Friends of James M. Bropby, the well
known melodramatic star, who has an
peared frequently at the Central Theater
are anxious that he. shall not be confused
in the minds of the public with another
actor named James W. Brophy an ac
count of whose arrest for stealing: a horse
and. buggy in Stockton -was puMished'in
last Sunday's papers.- James M. BroDhv
is now In-New. York, where he Is and has
teen for; many months gathering new
laurels. ' ¦ .. " . ' . • - • .
Actor i but Not Horsethief .
der. of Filipino, Escapes With
X ¦¦' ; ." : : ¦'."'• : ! Life' Imprisonment. . ¦
News' was received- at • army headquar
ters '.yesterday that President Roosevelt
had commuted the death sentence of Jo
seph Keane, Company F, Twentieth In
fantry, to 'life Imprisonment. Keane was
found guilty of the murder of an unarmed
native at Tanauan, Philippine Islands; and
was sentenced to death by the court-mar
tial. The' sentence was confirmed by the
commanding general and the Secretary of
War... • ¦ ¦; •;¦ - ; ¦,--¦ ¦ - '¦¦- ¦•. '.: ¦¦-.' ¦-
President Roosevelt approved of all the
flndlpgs, :,but . .in J view ; , of, mitigating, clr
cumstanceaMightened . the soldier's pun
ishment, t Keane, however, will not be al
lowed to serve his time in a penitentiary
in : America, .but ¦ must live < the remainder
of his life in some prison in the tropics, j
General Hughes has appointed < the - fol
lowing named officers - of..-, the artillery
corps as • members of . a '. court-martial to
be convened at San Diego Barracks on
Tuesday next: Major. A. W. Vogdes, Cap
tains A: S^vFleming and,E. ; D. Scott and
Lieutenants J. J. . Llpop, - L. S. Ryan and
,IC>C. Mas teller. ,K - : . ;
game. and two of them got as far as sec
ond, but no farther. / >
In - Thursday's game at Sacramento
twenty base hits; were made vby ¦ both
teams, i yet, strange to say, not one of
-them was good for than a single
base.-v- .,->.-¦¦-;'..."--. ¦. ••- ' ¦•-•:
. - Oakland leads the league, and "still there
i« not a man-on the team who hits .300. .
¦-, Walters \ was missed • by the . Oaklands
Thursday. '.He*: is a'\ reliable hitter and
would ¦; probably have sent. in a run had
, he, been, playing; . ¦ ¦ " r : • ''"".%).»¦:•¦¦'•¦•
Jos?!|)li Ke'ane,' Found ;Quilty of 3£uv-
r RESIDENT COMMUTES ~-_
L v : ' . . . '; SOI,I>rER'S SENTENCE
;. San Francisco plays Sacramento'; here
next week, -While : Oakland ' will : take a
Pullman rid© to the tropical regions and
tussle .with the "Angels. If Los Angeles
does b not do something ¦ startling : on ¦ the
home diamond this time Oakland will
have a' chance to be it for. a while longer.
" Only four, of .the -Oakland players suc
ceeded in getting on bases in Thursday's
within striking distance; San Francis
co still at the; half-way point- and Sacra
mento posingVas an.also ran team. From
Indications the'.mairi struggle: for the
present win be 4 between 'Ewing and Mor
ley,' the other managers resting on their
oars and looking on." . , " '
'; At'this time, last year'the clubs stood as
they finished the ' season— San Francisco,
Los Angeles; " Sacramento and Oakland.
The same thing may happen this year . if
nothing serloua j happens before Decem
¦ber. • ' "• '"•¦¦ l ::¦¦..¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦< ,-* : ~ ¦• * .,-¦¦¦. '•' ' ':¦
The Sporting Times, a leading baseball
weekly -of Boston, speaks in the , highest
terms of Courtney's work. It classes him
as one. of the fastest fielders In .the Na
tional League and says he Is sure to fin
ish with the first ten batters at, the close
of the season; • .-, ..,:.«-,,...
• It. is, to be hoped Mike Fisher's name
sake,,-.who has been chosen to do some
.tossing- for .the '¦ Senators, will: not ;prove
a Jonah to the tallenders. Many of i the
cranks, think one /-Fisher is. bad , enough,
but when a second butts in. there. is sure
to be a sensation. The new pitcher's first
name is Chauncey, and this may make a
difference. 1 It is certainly, a great 'one for
the boys on the bleachers i to toy with. v v -.
The scorer, at Sacramento bunkoed Rube
,Waddeirout\of a strikeout last', Tuesday.'
The. dispatch said, "If Anderson had held'
the third strike on Unglaub in the ;sev
enth.it would have made an even dozen."
According ; to , ; the rules I a strikeout > Is
counted, /no matter whether the third
strike, is' held or dropped,' so Rube is en-"
titled, to one more than he received! ; ...i 1 ;
THE four club's of the" California Base^
ball League continue to stand just as
they, did two weeks ago-j-Oakland ,
.first; with 'a good lead;. Los Angeles
The countryside is Idoking Its. best "now
in its dress of green, while, there is a-riot
of bloom in all the gardens. The tanb^rk
ring will be made ; in front , of the . club
house, the latter serving as a stand- from
which can be viewed the "performance of
the horses in the ring. \ There will be
music and gayety and an Opportunity for
the display of the daintiest creations oi
thfc modiste's art." • "' •¦ ¦•¦•¦- ¦- .
The competition . this : year .will be more
friendly than keen. Some of the most
prominent figures at former shows will
not be In evidence, thus affording the
owner of a modest stable an opportunity
of displaying his equipages .without fear
of being outclassed.. • > . : ... > ,
The jumping competitions will supply
the customary- thrills,- as- some • of; the
hcrses go over the fences, while others go
through them. Owing to the practice af
forded horses andl riders ¦ during the past
winter, by the meets' of, the San Mateo
County Hunt, this class should" be a large
and* a representative one. • ' .' •.'«;¦
li'he shows in • the V past I have - afforded
much pleasure to the spectators. They
have also had the broader effect of raising
the standard of horses and of equlpagea. -
BURLINGAME Country Club'wlllb'e" en
fete Decoration day, when the third
annual horse show will be , f orrhally
opened. It -will continue- two days."
Rube Waddell Is Bunkoed
Out of a Strikeout by
the Sacramento Scorer
Horses of Various Classes
Are Already Being Groomed
for the Coming Exhibition
the Burlingame Club Show
• Ladies and Gentlemen at
Competitions for
Oakland Heads Procession
; With the/ Senators Acting
r as the Target Bearers
BASEBALL CLUBS
STILL MAINTAIN
THEIR STANDING
AMATEUR DRIVERS
PRACTICE THE ART
OF THE REINSMAN
. Edgar Painter . has been enjoying the
angling at Ktamath Hot Springs: Al Cum
ming is still there. Achille Boos went
up some" days since. '"
Sam Heller; Dave Sachs and Mr. Lilien
that have gone to Big Meadow, where tha
trout are both large and numerous.
Jeff Wells will leave June 1. on hiss an
nual pllgrimmage to Boca. He went up.
last year for two weeks and remained on
the'Truckee fourte'en. '¦/. '- ¦' • . •
t John Fatjo, J. A. Pariser and Fred King
tried for bass near West Berkeley last
Sunday. They did not land a" fish. A' big
salmon cleaned out Mr. Pariser.
' "Doc" Watt will try his luck on 1 the
Los Gatos to-morrow. ' . .
The San Gregoria is reported full of
small fish. The Guatala is also said to be
in prime condition, the members of one
party,' taking nearly a thousand trout
from the stream in a few days' fishing.
Dr.J.'F. Lane and George Lane took
four 10-pouriders near Santa Cruz some
dayssince. -,.- . ¦ '
the sand spit at Point Reyes, Bert Sprins
taking them out two at a time in files.
As they were under the legal size, he re
turned them to the waters of the creek.
George Walker and W. A. Cooper fished
near La'gunitas, securing thirty smail
fish." From appearances, all the big fish
have gone out to the ocean. .
It is also proposed to insert in the pro
gramme some, athletic events, -which will
lengthen out the proceeding? too much
Last year It was between $ and. 7 o'clock
before the events were over.' '; rj ;
The Ariel Rowing Club held V'tn'eetinjr
last Monday night, at which It- was "stat
ed that the profit on the: boxing tourna
ment recently given, in the Mechanics*
Pavilion Annex was more than 1200. which
will be added to the building fund.
At a meeting of the Dolphin Club held
on Wednesday night. June 22 was set as
the day for the outrigged skiff races for
the Earls medal, which must be won
three times before becoming .the property
of the winners. Any junior sculler enter
ing for a heat for the medal may row
for it in future, even if he should become
a senior sculler in the meantime. The
following were appointed a nominating
committee to prepare the regular ticket
for the election of officers: E. H. Coney.
C. M. Farrell, V. Kehrlein. H. Perazzi
and L. D. Weinand. The committee In
charge of the arrangements for the 23th
or silver anniversary ball consists of W.
O. Patch, chairman: F. W. Woerner. F
Seibel. Frank Curry, A. H. Pape, "C- M.
Farrell. W. L. Bush and T. R.DIxon..
There seems likely to-be some friction
about the coming regatta on- Lake Mer
ritt. .The managers of the Pacific- Asso
ciation want to make the event on July 4
the championship regatta of the season
and in order to keep as large an amount
of prize money for the local oarsmen as
possible do not wish to have any part of
the sum of one thousand dollars voted
by the Oakland celebration committee ex
pended in bringing oarsmen down from
Portland or British Columbia ana paying
their hotel bills. • ¦ . *
consists of L. D. WeinandY T. R. Dlxori.
T. J. Kennedy, . F. W. Seibel. Frank
Curry, W. A. Donovan and WJ O. Patch.
Tiburon and 'Elista, being by Pretender-
Procrastination. . ,
The officers of Union Coursing- Park are
considering the advisability of holding
tho draw for thieir regular stakes at 5-30
p. m., instead of at night, as' they are
held at present.
J.t Carroll has bought Roslnante for
breeding purposes.
Robert Hooper's Koolawn. one of the
famous performers on the field some years
since, has whelped a litter of six punnles
to Fortuna Favente. Four of them are
dogs.
J i-.£' Sne 2 Jr/S GoI<Je n Gate has whelped
a litter -of puppies to Crawford Lad
same^sfe SUSl ° haS whel P €d to the
J. L. Ross has purchased two puppies
by Prince of •Fashion, out of Hicks tm
- ported.- , ¦ •• .--..* **"
- A. sapling stake, limited to eight ••«
'SS-^'A St." Un " m ?"!•/•»>£
-The young dogs will have their Innings
tc-day at Union Coursing Park. Sixteen
are -entered, and the stake win be run
down until only two are left to strurglo
for the long end of the purse. An S
stake will- be run down, once to-day. The
I^SSE! 11 ** round3 an? «¦ nigh class stalse
of thlrty-twodogs will provide the sport
to-morrow. The likely winners look to bei
Puppy stak*— Miranda. Medea. Maid oS p o l
Archer. Luxor. Vandal, Lost Chord. Tra e« Boy
and SofaU • Sa ? tomn - Hom er BoV, , Si: Pa,i
TMiSS? 1 A 8^ k *r Mose -- M * st ? r ' wllaletl . *Ty by
Night. Articulate, Forest Qtieen Delia. M vi^l
McDonald Royal' Friend. Otto"'^.dcoiksSy*
«££ £K e 2° n - M0ttO ' Oc tober Lad. ProSeb
theus. May Hempstead. Imperial. PeD ta chai
lenger. Dexter B. My Selection Jiiii* tt»n
White Hat. Honor' Brteht FoV ciori M* 3 8 Wn '
M^-ft Hlll.°3n5s' Bruinm".;
A way- * Klne. Petronius and Rich
SOME OF THE SCENES FAMILIAR TO SPECTATORS WHO ATTEND BUR
LINGAME COUNTRY CLUB'S ANNUAL HORSE SHOWS. AND HORSES
WHICH WILL BE SEEN IX THE RING ON DECORATION DAY.
A peculiar 1 , circumstance attending the
academic tennis tournament last year
was the fact that Norman Hodgkinson of
Lowell High School won the singles tour
nament without playing a match.- Eight
schools were represented, but were so
completely outclassed by the Lowell man
that each man defaulted to him until he
had won the tournament without playing
a game. This is the first time this has
ever happened on the . coast, and It may
never happen again. . .
The following teams have already en
tered: Berkeley High School— Clinch, sin
gles; Esterly ' and N. Ambrose, doubles.
Alameda. High School— C. Lewis, singles;
C.' Lewis and M. Epstein, doubles. Oak
land High School— R. Gorrlll, singles;
Hinds and Smith, : doubles. California
School of Mechanical Arts — Harry Gor
ham, singles; Gorham and, Leonard Cut
ler, doubles. Lowell High School— Al Ro
senberg, singles; -Rosenberg and Alec
Beyfuss,' doubles. Trinity School— G. Rid
ley, singles; Ridley and Henry Mills, dou
bles. St. Matthew's— L. J. Webb, singles!
Beyfuss, Rosenberg's J partner. Is the
smallest player In, the league, but is quite
clever. Harry Gdrham of Lick is capable
of playing a! strong game and should not
be overlooked in Wguring the chances of
different school $i Carl Gardner, who
played for Lowell last year, left school a
month-agp and will not participate. Had
he remained in school X/Owell would have
won again? this )^ar' without an effort.
Play in the' tournament to-day will com
mence at 9 o'cIock. . - •¦"
Many of the tennis players are moving
out of town.- for the summer months and
the club courts do not present so lively a
scene as they have in the past few'
months. The park courts are becoming
more popular than ever. Each week the
attendance is increasing. It will probably
be necessary in a !»hort time to lay out
more courts. -
The next tournament of any importance
will be the. annual State championship
tournament inaugurated last year.- The
date of this event is the 3d and 4th of
July, formerly the dates of the coast
championship tournaments. The latter
will again be played in September. All
the champlonshin tournaments this year
will be held on 'the Hotel Rafael courts,
San- Rafael. There will probably be a
class singles tournament.qn the California
'Club cpurt.son: Decoration day. The sec
ond class single* tournament 'for' the chal
lenge cups will be held on the park courts
a week '.from Sunday. '
For the last five years the players of
one school or another have so outclassed
their opponents as to rob the matches of
all interest. This year the schools are
evenly matched and each is thought to
have a good chance of winning. Lowell
High School has won the championship
for the last three years and 'her repre
sentatives are slight favorites this year.
Al Rosenberg is easily the best player In
the league, but~has not' practiced -at' all
during the past year. If his strength
holds out he should win the 'singles; j to
day. Rosenberg's most dangerous oppo
nent is Will Geary of the Polytechnic
High School.
The latter school is strong in both dou
bles and singles, but it is doubtful if Its
players will be able to take part. The en
try list closed Wednesday, and Polytech
nic has not as yet sent in the names of
its representatives. If the school officials
can give a good excuse for not sending In
the names matters will be' arranged sat
isfactorily, and the team allowed to com
pete, otherwise the Polytechnic entries
will not be accepted. It is to be hoped
Polytechnic will be allowed to take part,
as otherwise the interest in the, tourna
ments would be greatly lessened and vic
tory would again go to Lowell High School
without much of a struggle. It is thought
by many that Geary will defeat Rosen
berg should 'the two meet.
THE, annual tennis tournament for the
championship of the Academic Ath
letic League will be played on the
' California Club courts this morning
and next Saturday, morning. To-day
the singles will be played, while the dou
bles are scheduled for next Saturday.
Polytechnic Players May
Lose Their Standing in
Tournament From Neglect
Al Rosenberg Is Expected
to Win the Championship
in, Singles Decided To-Day
HIGH SCHOOL BOYS
TO MEET ON THE
TENNIS COURTS
Last Saturday and Sunday there was
a goodly gathering of yachts In Paradise
Cove. The Corinthian fleet included
Commodore Sagar's Edna and the sloops
Truant Emma and Freda. In the Califor
nia fleet were the flagship Thelma and
the Eloops Pactolus. Occident, Jessie E
Catharine and Mascotte, the schooner
Challenge and the yawl Idler. The San
Francisco yachts Sappho, Thetis. Cygnus
Chiepa, Surprise and Water Witch also
cruised to the cove. H. R. Simpkins' yawl
Tramontana Is in commission, her Sails
having been bent- in during .the week
Louis Q. Haven of the San Francisco
Yacht Club has chartered J. M, Mattoon's
sloop Amigo and will moor, her at Sausa-
Hto during the season. "(5. B. 'Edgar M.
Kramer and A. Haven will sail with' the
charterer. The schooner; Wave is_on the
ways at Old Sausalito, having more lead
put In her keel and her rig changed to
that of a yawl.
Yachtsmen are Inclined to think the out
come of the race between Harpoon and
The Challenger a much more open mat
ter than before. While The Challenger
was in course of construction and after
she had been dropped Into the water, most
yachtsmen thought the result of the con
test a foregone conclusion in favor of the
new boat, which was regarded as a racing
machine designed by one of the most
skillful and experienced Eastern design
ers. Even the Corinthians, while Intend
ing to make the best possible defense,
looked on the Perpetual cup as almost
L os n* and )&J ked of the boat they would
build In 1903 to win It back. Presto was
first selected by the club as the defender
because her performances and the skill
pi her owner were well known, whereas
less was known of Harpoon, which had to
be greatly cut down to bring her within
the limit of 10 per cent above the racing
length of The Challenger. Harpoon, while
having a water line of about 45 feet, has
a racing length of only 32.87 feet, and so
will have to concede only 4 minutes and
14 seconds over the Corinthian course of
fourteen miles to The Challenger, taking
her length at 30 feet. ¦ As The
Challenger has never been measured her
racing length may prove to be below 30
fe «»"?. *>y cutting down her sail area,
might be still further reduced. In that
case the San Francisco committee will ask
.for an additional allowance from Har
poon. Those who have seen much of the
work of The Challenger think she carries
too much canvas for the breezes prevail
ing in this bay during the summer and
also that her rigging and gear 'are too
w<>ak for. the strain to .wliicb they are
subjected.
After last Sunday's race between Frank
Stone's Presto and Sharpe and Toepke"s
Harpoon the committee, consisting of
Commodore E. F. Sagar and ex-Commo
dores J. W. Pew and Alex J. Young, se
lected Harpoon as the defender of the
Perpetual Challenge Cup. The club had
already Bpent a considerable sum in put
ting a lead keel on Presto and fitting her
for the race, but the performances of
Harpoon showed the latter to be clearly
the faster boat. The committee will now
devote its attention to putting Harpoon
Into the best possible trim. Already she
has been fitted with a new suit of sails
v.-hich were used last Sunday and proved
excellent. After the cruise to Vallejo she
will be taken up on the ways, where her
rigging will be thoroughly overhauled.
During the past week the Corinthian
regatta committee held a meeting and
sent a communication through Secretary
J. C. Bnckell to W. M. Edgell, secretary
of the San Francisco Yacht Club, asking
for a meeting of the regatta committees
of the two clubs at an early date. The
*San Francisco committee consists of W.
-G. Morrow, Dr. T. L. Hill and J. R.
Savory, while E. B. Learning:. T. J. Kav
anaugh and P. J. Martenstein compose the
Corinthian committee. The Joint commit
tee will have full charge of all matters
connected with the race, and will select
a referee not a member of either of the
clubs.
race have been postponed. Commodore R.
S. Bridgman, Vice-Commodore A. C. Lee,
J. R. Savory of the sloop Juanita and A.
W. Follansbee of the yawl Phyllis are
sailing on board The Challenger, so the
number of yachts that would be likely
to attend a cruise is considerably- re
duced. The race from Vallejo •will take
place on one of the open dates after the
race for the Perpetual Challenge Cup is
over.
The cua event is taking up so much
¦at the attention of the San Franciscos
that other things are being disregarded.
There will, however, be quite enough
Corinthian and California yachts at Val
lejo to make a good display. The yachts
n:en will be received by the Vallejo
Yachting and Boating Club, .whose new
clubhouse is ready.
Next Saturday the San Francisco Yacht
Club has a cruise to Paradise Cove on its
programme with a clambake and games
on Sunday, May 25. The dates are open
on the Corinthian schedule, to afford the
yacht owners an opportunity to prepare
for the annual regatta on Decoration
Day. The regatta committee of the Cor
inthians has already prepared the circu
lar f.or the seventeenth annual regatta.
The yachts will be divided as usual into
six classes, the first of which will start
at 11:50 a. m.; the second at noon, and tha
rest at Intervals of ten minutes. In order
to afford spectators an opportunity of
seeing the regatta, a steamer will accom
pany the racing yachts, tickets being sold
at fifty cents each. . «-• ]
YACHTSMEN will gather in numbers
to-night at Vallejo. The San Fran
cisco, Corinthian and California
Yacht clubs all have a cruise to
Vallejo on their schedules. The San
Franeiceos also have a race, with time al
lowance, from Vallejo to Sausalito -jet
dewn for to-morrow, but. both cruise and
In the junior outrigged skiff race An
drew "Webb will pull against Roy Prati,
Harry Dumont against George Lawless,
Joe Leby against Ed Edwards, and C- J.
Hague against Roy Pollard. In the
senior outrigged skiff race E. B. Thorn
ing will pull against J. C Stamer, and
F. AV. Ayers against John L. Lewis.
In the juniort barge race three crews
are entered— the "Webfoots," the
."Frogs" and. the "Ooro Pauls." 'The
"Webfoot" four arc \V. S. Jenkins, tow;
Tom Reeves, No. 2; George Schroeder,
2io. 3; and A. T.- Webb, stroke. The
"Frogs" crew consists of George Bots-
Chide, bow; Fawn Mott, No. 2; George
Renner, No. 3, and Lawrence Chevalier,
stroke. The "Oom Pauls" are -Will Burn
ham, bow; A. W. Profumo, No.. 2; J. J.
Jeffries, No. 3, and Charles Hague,
stroke. The intermediate barge crew,
made up of Roy Pollard, No. 1; Jae
Leby, No. 2; Ed Edwards, No. 3, and
Sydney Pollard, stroke, will row an ex
hibition quarter-mile dash against John
L. Lewis in an outrigged skiff. ¦' '¦ .
To-morrow the members of the Dolphin
Swimming and Boating Club will take
their annual schooner trip on the bay in
the Olaf Johansen. starting from the
boathouse at the foot of Van Ness ave
nue at 9:30 in the morning. They wiH
land at Strawberry Point, Richardsons
Bay. at 12:30, and will return at any con
venient time. A launch will convey the
solid and liquid refreshments and will
also meet the 1 :30 p. m. ferry-boat from
tho city at the Saus-ilito slip to bring
ever any members who may miss the
BChooner at the" boathouse. Several
singers and entertainers will be on hand.
The committee in charge of the event
For the amusement of tfie spectators
there will be a pie-eating race,- walking
th» greasy pole, chasing the duck and
other sports. There will also be swim
ming contests and boat races. • :
ALAMEDA . BOATING CLUB will
- hold its opening day of the season
to-morrowon the estuary. An exten
sive programme of; aquatic sports,
beginning at 10 o'clock in the -morning,
will be presented. Music will be furnished
by the Alaineda Regiment' Band and re
freshments will be served. Admission to
the clubhouse will be by invitations
Experts Not Unanimous As
to Outcome of Contest
for the Perpetual Cup
ONEof the big: coursing events of the
year will be decided on June 1 at
Union Park.
It will be the California Coursing
Committee stake, being named after the
governing body of the sport on this coast.
Only members of the committee may
nominate dogs. Each year the owners of
the fleetest greyhounds in the State place
them at the disposal of the members, and
a great stake results. '¦
Beacon will run this year In the name
of Secretary Malcolm of the committee
and any prize money he may win will be
devoted to the work of the committee. J.
R. Dickson will nominate Palto Alto: Dr.
F P. Clark of Stockton. Rector; J. II.
Rosaeter Real Article: Charles Cassagne,
Homer K Carl Chiarini. Tame Tralee:
R. K. Malcolm. Aeolus; Dr. E. J. Weldon
of Sacramento. Sacramento Boy; P. J.
Reilly. Vandal- Among the other dogs
which are eligible are Merrimac. Lost
Chord. Tralee Boy. Game Boy, Fontenoy,
America. Ireland and Roman Athlete.
The stake will be worth more than $1000.
The distribution of the money ha3 been so
arranged that after the running of the
stake there will be two of the original
sixteen starters which will not share In
the prize money. '¦ ¦
On the night before the running of the
stake the annual meeting and election of
officers will be held. This will assume the
form of a banquet.
Ralph Orthweln. the wealthy St. Louis
patron of coursing, has suffered 'an irre
parable loss. The litter of four puppies
by Fortuna Favente-Wave. which he pur
chased from D. J. Healey of Petaluma,
died of distemper. This was considered
the most promising litter whelped here in
recent years. They were one year old.
Mr. Orthwein also lost the Emln Pasha-
M George MaeE^Malcolm has placed his
kennel. Including Aelous. Major Mason.
Matters Much and Fine Fire in charge of
James Sweeney, the clever trainer. Fine
Fire has shown the effects of the climate
and has never run up to his English form.
He will be retired to the stud.
Mike Nealon will try to put another
winner over the plate next week. He will
start Ambrosia for the first time. She is
three years old and is a litter sister. to
Frank.. Vernon/ Bert Spring, "Doc"
Watt, J. B. Kenniff ancl-E. L. Goodman
fished at the "Big Fill," near Point Reyes,
last Sunday. A two-pound striped bass,
secured by Mr, Goodman, was the net re
sult of. their tvork.
, Small stripea bass were numerous near
The^men'^whb fish. with, spinners are
using 'hooks, some three times as large
as those ordinarily used. An average size
ift. number seven. Those now called for
arc "three-naught." These are used for
the deep water near the river bed.
¦ Henry Skinner : received a, box of fish
some days since from Mr. Dougherty at
Boca. One /was. a six-pounder.' -
ANGLER'S are already sending down
.reports from ; the^Truckee to the ef-
: fect ' that- despiteV'the high water
.trout are being taken /on the ~r fly.
Boca, Verdi and Floristbn are the princi
pal stations along ythe river, at; which tho
anglers rendezvous.' . \ ;!-^;"- :
a -Severe Loss Through
the Death of Young Dogs
St. Louis leashman Suffers
Celebration Committee; at
Oakland Considers Plans
For Regatta on July 4
San Franciscos • Postpone
Cruise to Mare Island Till
After the Trophy Race
Six-Pound ' Rambow.Among a
Number Sent From Boca to
a Well-Known Angler Here
Anglers Are Departing, One
by One, for Favorite Spots
in v the Sierra Nevadas
Will Be Nominated by the
Membership of the Cali
fornia Coursing Committee
TROUT ARE SCARCE
IN COAST STREAMS
AT PRESENT TIME
VALLEJO YACHT
CLUB WELCOMES
VISITING TARS
At Strawberry Point Club
men Will Consume Clams
and Sing Jovial Songs
DOLPHIN OARSMEN
TO ENJOY A TRIP
ON A SCHOONER
CRACK GREYHOUNDS
TO COURSE FOR A
VALUABLE STAKE
BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB HORSE SHOW SETS SOCIETY PLANNING FOR OPEN AIR FETE
THE SAN- FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1902.
4
TWEHTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A ear-load of Cook Books '
ha« Jnat arrived from Chicago
and (hey are ready for dlntri-
button at the 1 bnalaeti office
of thla paper. • All Call •ub-
¦crlbers are entitled to a copy
of. this creat Cook'. Book at
the; premium price ol llfty":
• cent*. -. ¦: > v \ -."' f '.- '¦'
'¦ An addltf onal ' charge of SO
cent* to pay . etpremge will ?
be required from oat of town
.subscribers ordcrlnc by mail.¦¦-•¦ - ;: ': ¦ -. ¦¦¦.¦••••» ¦ ¦ .. - 'i ¦[¦}¦ •"• ¦:¦ -"j,- .•.Vv.'"- : -V r;"/ '¦" ¦'•¦'^ - ¦' -'-/.i -' '' ' ' •-•'¦¦"¦* ¦ '¦ ' -'"
Physician's Order Exiles tha:W^^
Truck Farm, Where; Strenuous^La^
Are, Gradually^ Bringing; AKqut^a ¦ C^
FORMER MAYOR DAVIE OF OAKLAND
HOEING POTATOES TO SAVE HIS LIFE
OAKLAND'S FORMER EXECUTIVE, WHO IS TAKING THE "WORK CURE" ON A TRUCK FARM IN THE SHAS
TA COUNTY HILLS, AND FQR WHOM MONTHS OF OUTDOOR TOIL WITH PICK AND HOE HAS MEANT
RESTORATION OF HEALTH AND PROLONGATION OF LIFE.- . -
PITCHERS
CATCHERS.
FIELDING AVERAGES.
Big Trap-shooting Tournament.
Trapshooters in large numbers will meet
at Ingleslde groupds to-morrow In the
Clabrough, Golcher & Co. handicap mer
chandise shoot. The men will be divided
into four classes, according, to their rec
ords, before the shooting' commences.
Nauman, "Webb. Feudner and other ex
perts wlll^shoot In a class by themselves.
The novices will shoot in the third class.
The first prize In each class will be a
hammerless gun. There are more :har.
sixty other prizes. Shooting will com
mence at 10:30 a. m.
Willie Hoppe is pronounced one Qf the
greatest billiard players In the world not
withstanding his youth. He can make the
most difficult shots with the greatest of
ease and is one of the few players who
can manipulate the left hand masse shot.
His home is in New York.
Willie Hoppe, the wonderful boy bil
liardist. arrived In this city a few days
ago, accompanied by his- father. He Is
on a tour of the coast cities and is willing
to meet allcomers. He will play "Uncle-
Billy" Terrill, the coast champion, next
Thursday night Metropolitan Hall. It
will be a unique maten, for the boy is
but 13 years old. while "Uncle Billy" la 68.
¦ ¦"¦ ¦ ... >
Boy Billiardist in Match Game.
But How GOOD." is the motto of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. brewers
of the best, purest and largest line of
beers for family and club use in the
world. No corn— just pure beer. ; Orders
promptly filled by E. G. Lyons & Raas
Co., wholesale dealers, San Francisco. *
"Not How Cheap,
At a meeting of the directors of the Re
publican Primary League last " evening
various plans - for effecting district or
ganization and enrollment were discussed.
It was the sense of the directory that
the most important work at hand was tho
registration of voters.
A resolution was adopted urging alt citi
zens to register, on the ground that not
only a Governor, but a United States Sen
ator la to be chosen, at the coming 1 elec
tion. Measures were taken by the league
to agitate the subject of registration and
induce the great . army of voters to reg
ister in time to vote at tne primary elec
tion on August 12. Registration is nov
open at the main office in the. City Hall,
and as there is no rush for enrollment
this is a good time to register.
All the directors of the league attended
the session of the board last night.
Charles Sutro was elected treasurer, J.
"VV. Rogers, Daniel Rich and .FranJc
Schrnitz were appointed a press commit
tee. .'¦'V
PRIMARY LEAGUE URGES
PROMPT REGISTRATION
Time. 1:08.
Clarando. Gold Baron. Almoner. Onyx and
Fondo also ran. ¦ .... • •
Alaria (Fogg). 3 to 1... 1
Bogus Bill (McNichols). 3 to 1 2
Fine Shot (See); 6 to 5 .....3
Billisls (See), 2 to 1 2
Tibs (Poyorena), 6 to 1 ,.3\
Time. 1:0214.
Lunga. Jennie Miller, Troy, Tonopah. Dis
covery and El Sobrino also ran.
Eleven-sixteenths of a mile:
Young llorello (Hazard). 3 to 1 1
Dwlghtway (See), 2 to 1 2
Sol (Frawley), 3 to 1 .; 3
Time, 1:00.
Catherine Bravo and Windward also ran.
Six furlongs, selling:
Bassenzo (Burlingame) ......................1
Maresa (See) ......2
Eldred (Kelly) -.. 3
Time, 1:15.
Knockings, Mythrox and Nona B. also ran.
One mile, handicap: . ..
Bagdad (Bell), 8 to 1..... ..............1
Lodestar (Burlingame). 4 to 1 .' .....2
San Venado (Guiterez), 4 to 1 3
Time. 1:41%.
Art i ma. Donee and Alicia also ran.
Five and a half furlongs:
Five furlongs:
Theron (Ross), 8 to 1 ....1
a Field of Nine at Sac
ramento.
SACRAMENTO, May 16.— The races at Agri
cultural Park were well attended to-day.
Weather fine, betting heavy and track fast.
Summary:
Three-quarters of a mile:
El Rey(See). 3 to 1 t
Monda (White), 4 to 1 2
San Augustine (McNichols) 3 to 1 3
Time. 1:16%.
Dawson, Prestonlan. Ned . Dennis, Halmatta
and Sam Green also ran. ¦
An Outsider in the Betting, He Leads
FIVE-FURLONG RACE
'<}y y; :^"v' IS WON BY THEROIir
The Browii' Sir M)ixon Colt Beats Out
Carbuncle and' Flywheel— On
. Other Tracks.
• NEW YORK. May 16.— Morris Park sum
mary: ''•_'-
First race, the Zoo hurdle race, mile and a
half over, six nights of hurdles — Valdez won,
McGrathiana Prince second, Fabius third.
Time, 2:54. • ¦ ¦¦ : V - -. ¦ '*
Second race, the Kinder selling race, for two
year-olds, - last four and a half furlongs of
Eclipse course — Faust won. Squid second. Blue
Banner third. Time, :54. • • - - ,
Third race, second Friday 'selling, last; six
and a half furlongs of Withers mile — Flirtlneer
won, Knight Templar second, Stella W third.
Time, 1:23. ' • ' * *
Fourth race, apprentices' race, last seven fur
longs of Withers mile — Irritable won. King
Ralne second. Roysterer thira. Time. 1:29*4.
. Fifth race;- last seven furlongs of Withers
mile, .selling — Swamplands won, H. I* Cole
man second, Caithness third. Time, 1:20.
Sixth race, the Bronx Park handicap. With
ers mile— Surmise won. Carbuncle second. Fly
wheel third. Time, 1:40%.
ST. LOUIS, May 16.— Fair sum
mary: -
First: race, four and a half furlongs, maiden*
two-year-olds— Stand Pat won, Budwelser sec
ond. Sly Boots third. Time, :55%.
Second race, mile and seventy yards, selling
— Kenova won. Ida Penzance second, Josie F
third. Time. l:465i. * '
Third race, steeplechase, about one and a
half miles, selling — Eva Moe won. Gennerose
second, Theron third. Time, 3:05%. Fal
lela finished first, but was disqualified for foul
ing. • : - .
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Colonial
Girl won, Helen Print second. King Daly
third. Time. 1:14%.
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse — Scorpio
won, • Ogle second, Okla third. . Time. 1:01*4.
Sixth race, mlleiand seventy yards, selling —
Eda Riley won, Salinda second, Edgardo third.
Time, 1:45%. .'. ¦ . . \ -
CHICAGO, May 16.— Worth summary:
First race, six ¦ furlongs — Senora Maria won.
Ran After second, Lucy Locket third. Time,
1:18 3-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Pure
dale won. Filly Decla second, Flo Carline
third. Time. :58 1-5.
Third race, seven furlpngs — Lecturer won,
Dodle - S second, Drummond third. Time.
1:32 1-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling- — Brigade
won, Clorlta second, Haidee third. Time,
1:17 1-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs^ — Boy Wonder won,
Brookston second, Prodigal Son third. Time,
1:05 2-5. • ;
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Domadge
won, Santa Teresa second, Precursor third.
Time, 1:51 3-5. ....
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May . 16. — Churchill
Downs summary: ,
First race, five furlongs — Earl won, Mary
Lavan second. Lady Phllura third. Time, 1:01.
Second race, six furlongs, . selling — Optimo
won, Belle of Minco second. Little Rock third.
Time, 1-.1K14. .
Third race, five furlongs — Linguist won.
Right and True second, Ben Chalice third.
Time, 1:01%.
Fourth: race, six furlongs, selling — Aulea
won, Imp. Judicious second. Jigger third.
Time, 1:15. " .
¦Fifth race, one mile — Monarka won, Maynen
second. Death third. ' Time, 1:41. • • ¦
Sixth race, mile and 10O yards, selling — The
Caxton won. Lady Bramble second, Dissenter
third. Time. l:49V4. • , . ¦> i
BRONX PARK HANDICAP
IS WON: BY. STJRMISE
lj rhere was a preliminary between Billy
Woods and Jim Tremble, both of Los An
geles,* which went twenty rounds and was
declared a draw. It was not at all brutal.
Champion Jeffries announced from the
ring before the fight that . he and Bob
Fltzsimmo.s would flght In Los Angeles
early in . July, for the world's champion
ship. '
Thomas McCarey, manager of the Cen
tury Athletic Club, said to-night the pros
pects for the fight between Jeffries and
Fitzsimmons taking place in Los Angeles
were bright. * ,
The flght was uninteresting up to th«
knockout. Jack Jeffries showed up well
in cleverness and footwork, but ~dld not
develop a damaging punch. The colored
man, however, proved strong and used,
both right and left with effect
In the fifth round, while the men were
sparring cautiously, Johnson forced Jef
fries into a corner, and, feinting witn hl3
left, sent in a hard right to th© neck b«- .
low the ear. Jeffries fell like a log. -After
he had been counted out th© champion
carried his helpless brother from the ring.
It was thought for a time Jeffries had
sustained severe injuries, but he soon
came around.
LOS ANGELES, May 15.— Jack Jeffrie*,
brother of the champion boxer, wu
knocked out in the fifth round to
night by Jack Johnson (colored) of
Chicago. The fight was held at Hazards*
Pavilion under the management of th«
Century Club, which has been negotiating
with Fitzsimmons for the championship
flght. It was witnessed by a large crowd,
estimated at 4000.
Among the riders who will take part are
Messrs. McNear, Harry". Smith,: Bowles,
Folger, Greenwood, Brayton, t Knowles,
Charley Bates, King, Moffitt, Howard,
Magee, Driscoll, Fitzgerald and others.
The affair will be informal, and all- the
golf club members are expected to , be in
attendance i to .witness the pleasing spec
tacle.- ¦ ¦¦••-. ; . ¦ ¦ • :. ¦--..: : ' . i "• -V
Thomas Driscoll of the Burlingame
Club has tendered his assistance in ar
ranging- the affair. If this meeting proves
a success a hunt club may be formed. .
The ladies J and gentlemen making - up
the field will return to the golf club house
after the run, where they will be enter
tained at luncheon. .
The meet will be at the Oakland Golf
Club house at 2:30 p. m. The dras will
be laid over a pleasant riding country and
none of the fences will be formidable.
OAKLAND sportsmen are to enjoy the
novelty of a ride i • across country
after, the hounds. Through the cour
. tesy of the San Mateo County Hunt
officials Jerry ;. Keating, the club
huntsman, will take six couples of hounds
to Oakland this afternoon.
Jerry Keating^ Will Sound
/ the Huntsman^ Horn and
Lead the Merry Cavalcade
Champion Announces From
Ring That He and "Fitz"
Will Meet in Los Angeles
Shows Cleverness but No
. Hitting Power in a Bout
With Big Jack Johnson
Novel Event Is Planned by
Members of the Golfing
¦ Club Who Are Horsemen
HOUNDS TO HUNT
OVER THE OAKLAND
FOOTHILL COUNTRY
JEFFRIES' BROTHER
IS KNOCKED OUT
IN FIVE ROUNDS
• St. Louis .-..»'. 5 12 7
, Brooklyn 9 14 /. 0
' Batteries— Murphy and. Ryan; Kitson and
I Ahern. Umpires — Powell and Brown.
1 CHICAGO. May 16.— Chicago defeated Boston
to-day by bunching three singles and two
scratch doubles in the fourth. Taylor had the
visitors at his mercy throughout the game
1 only two of them reaching second. Attendance
2i00.__ Score: -.',.,
R. H. E.
Chicago.'. ; .5 9 3
Boston / '..... 0 4 2
Batteries — Taylor and Chance; Willis and
Kittredge. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI May 16.— New Yofk pulled the
game out in the ninth by landing on Hahn
for four singles and a double. The three runs
of the locals were the result of errors in the
' eighth. The new grandstand was dedicated be
fore the game. Attendance, 0000. Score:
V . R. . H. E.
Cincinnati 3 : 7 \
New , York •••• *> - -9 .3
Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Taylor, . Sparks
and Bowerman. Umpire— Cantilllon. '
PITTSBURG, May 16.— Philadelphia scored
. .-¦,-. ' - ¦¦•¦..¦• ...
St. Louis Team Fields Poorly and Is
Unable to Hit Kitson*
- Effectively.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, May 16.— Bropklyn won to-day's
game easily by slugging Murphy for fourteen
hits. St.. Louis fielded poorly and was unable
to bat Kitson consecutively enough to make the
game Interesting. Attendance, 800. Score:
¦ R. H. E.
BROOKLYN SLUGS MTJEPHY
FOB FOTJBTEE3S- HITS
Baseball Players Suspended.
CHICAGO. May 16.— Manager Fred
Clark of Pittsburg and First Baseman
Tenney of Boston have been indefinitely
suspended by the board of control of the
"National League for engaging In a fist
fijrht yesterday on the Pittsburg grounds.
John T. Brush." who Is president of the
board, wired James A. Hart to-day of
the action. • . .
Totals 31 3 - 4 . 2 - 27 16 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ...... 1 0 00 00 00 0 1
Base hits 2 01 0 1 0 01 1—6
Los Angeles 0 2 01 000 0 0 3
Bate hits 0 1 0 10 10 1 "0 *
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Householder, Eagan 2. Sac
rifice hits— Hulen. Reilly. -First base on errors
—Sacramento 1, Log Angeles 3. First base on
tailed. balls— Off Doyle. 10. off McPartlin 3. Left
on bares — Sacramento 9, Los Angeles 3. Struck
out — By Doyle 3. by McPartlin 2. Double play
— I n?laub to Eaj?an. Time of came — 1 hour
and 45 minutes.. Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer—
Rutherford.
Totals 33 1 6 0 27 13 3
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. TS.
Toman, ss ,.... 5 0 0 0 .280
llannlvan, 2b 4 0 1 o 2 5 0
Roach, r. t 4 0 . 0 0 0 0 0
Householder, I.f., cf. 4 11 0 3 0 0
Reilly. 3b 3 10 1 l' o 0
Anderson, c ...3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Slasrle, 1. f. and r: f. 2; 1 0 13 0 1
Hanlon, lb.. ...3 0 1 0 14**0" 0
McPartlin, p..- 3' 0 1' 0 0 1 0
Boyle Pitches Great Ball, but 13
Badly Supported.
SACRAMENTO, May 16.— "Demon"
Doyle occupied the pitcher's box for the
Senators thi^ afternoon and the class of
ball he delivered was a. swell article. He
allowed only four scattered hits. Unfor
tunate errors on the part of his support
and timely hitting' by his opponents lost
him the game, and the Senators dropped
another notch in the percentage column
Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, p 5 0 1 0..0 2 0
Hulen, 2b 2 10 04 3 0
Sheehan, Sb. ........ 4 0 10 1-12
Eagan, lb 4 0 2 0 11 0 0
Graham,- c ...3 0 0 0 4 2 0
Rebsamen, c. f 4 0 0 0 3 1 o
tTnglaub, ea .....4 0 0 0 3 4 o
Wagrner, 1. f 3 0 0 0-1 0 0
Fisher, r. f 4 0 2 0 0 01
SENATORS LOSE ANOTHER.
r Home , rin— Cristall. Two-base hits— Mc-
Nichols. Hfclly, Nordyke. McHale. Sacrifice
bits— McHale. Gorton.. ,,Devereaux. Shugart.
First base on errors — Oakland 2. First base on
called ball^r-Off Kane 10, off Cristall 4. .Left
on bases — San Francisco 9, Oakland 11. Struck
out— By Kaoe.3. by Cristall 1, Hit. by pitcher
— Gorton.- Tlmtiof game— 2 hours and «0 min
utes. • Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Oakland .1.......0 5 0 0,0 0 0 0 3 8
Bat-* hits ...1- 4 "0 '¦ 0 0 -1 ' 0 0 1 .7
San Francisco. .'. .1 -0 1 0 ' 0 ' 1 ¦ 1 - 0 O— 4
t Base.hlts.. 1 2 1 1 1 2 "2 0 1 — 11
Total*: .......33 8, 7. 6 , 27 14 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. -
¦ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dunleavy, I. t 6 ' 1' • O O • 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b.. ..;.%.. .-3 1. .0 113 0
Streib, lb..../...... 4 • .0 1 0 16 "0 0
McCreedie,. r. l.\ .4-0 1 0 1 0 0
Devereaux, 3b.. .;..'. ,3*.!> IV 1 • 2 11 -0
Francks. ss. .».„».. ..4 / 111 2 20
Gorton. C f .....'.,.. 2 ,' 1" " , O ¦ 0 -2 0 .' 0
Cristall.. p. .,.......'.. 5<" 2- 2 0 . O • 5- O
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McNichols, 2b 6 1 1 10 4 2
McHale, 1. f 4 2 2 2 3 0 0
Nordyke, lb 4 0 .1 1 13 0 0
Shugart. 3b. '4 "0 2 0 2 4 0
Lenny, c 4 0 Oi 13 3 - O
H0II5-, bs...;: 4 1 3 "1 3 2 0
Lawler.- r. t. 4 0 112 0 0-
Delmas, c. f.» 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Kane, p .....3 0 1.00 3. 0
Totals '.....*.. .:;-.. 35 4 11 7 27 16 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland lajd low until the ninth. They
had several chances to pile up a few more
runs, but did not seem desirous of mak
ing the score too one-sided. Francks and
Lehman took a mean advantage of the
generous Kane and walked to first in the
ninth. Cristall had two strikes called on
him, and then lifted the next one over
the farthest corner of the right field
fence for the longest and prettiest home
run trip of the season.
The contest was utterly without feature
save for Kane's miserable exhibition of
pitching. The Ponies outbatted Oakland
by eleven hits to seven, but all the latter
made were timely. The Ponies could hit
in grand style when no one was on bases.
Holly punched out three hits out of four
trips to the rubber, and McHale and
Shugart made two each. Delmas saved
Uncle Henry three runs and robbed-Buck
Francks of a two-cushion drive by cap
turing a hard fly to center in the second.
There were three on the sacks and two
gone at the time. The wind interfered
with the work of the fielders to a certain
extent and it was almost impossible to
capture fly balls. Oakland played an er
rorless game. The score:
The initial explosion put the kibosh on
the locals— not exactly the Inning, but the
remarkable faculty Kane developed for
walking men when the sacks were filled
to overriowlng. In all Oakland hammered
out as many as five runs, being gracious
ly, aided by four singles, four bases on
balls and a rank error by McNichols.
• McNichols scored for the Ponies in
round one on a two-bagger, a sacrifice
and Nordyke's fly to right. They made
another in the third in exactly the same
manner, and scored the last two in the
sixth and seventh by means of some
timely hitting.
The . honorable Mr. Harry Kane, who
toed the rubber for the locals, only gave
ten bases on balls. .The dust blew around
in a charming manner and half the spec
tators managed to escape in the clouds,
thinking it was a volcanic eruption which
was going to rival the Martinique disas
ter.' .One-fourth of the remainder lay
down behind the bar" and went to sleep,
and those who were brave enough to.re
main wanted their money back.
IT is a long, Bad, pitiful tale, the story
of that ball- game yesterday at Recrea
tion Park... It lasted about as long as
two games and contained everything
except good baseball. ¦ -
BATTIXG AVERAGES
Old Slowball McPartlin Is
at the Head of the List
of the Winning Pitchers
THE first complete records of the bat
ting and fielding of the players la the
California Baseball League during
the season of 1902 are shown in the
appended table. The list was compiled
exc'.usivtly tor. The Call and is up to date.
Charley Reilly of Los Angeles leads in
individual batting, with Householder of
the same team a close second. In fact,
the Angel players are showing up
stronger with the stick than those of the
other three clubs. McPartlin heads the
pitchers' list Meredith is second.
Cristall Sends Ball Over
Right-Field Fence When
Two Men Are on the Bags
Los Angeles Team Players
Hitting the Bail Harder
Than Are Any Other Men
An Uninteresting Coijtest
Goes to Oakland Men by a
Score of Eight to Four
REILLY LEADS ALL
BATSMEN OF THE
BASEBALL LEAGUE
KANE'S UNSTEADY
PITCHING SPOILS
PONIES' CHANCES
COURSING, BASEBALL, YACHTING, R0WING, BOXING, TRAPSHOOTING, RACING, ANGLING
BERKELEY/-'; May'- 16.— The University
BERKELEY ' B ALL TEAM .
. . ONrTHErarNOBTHERN; TBIP
Detroit .:.'. .'. . ._. ...;.. . . •••••••¦ .2 : 6 , . ,1
Batteries — Wright and Bemis; Miller and Mc-
Gulre. . *¦-. * , . .:-..- - ')_\-. 1 . ¦ ,
¦ Philadelphia .V...V...i .V.'. :."...".. 2 : \ i6j?\ 2
Batterles-^-Wlnters . and "Warner j-Wiltse' and '
Powers.' --___ ¦¦'-. •-•-¦-'».¦¦¦ '¦'.....,¦. ....:
BALTIMORE. . . May. T 16.-^-Washlngton : won
from Baltimore ; this . afternoon "after, nine in
aings of heavy < batting on " both ;. sides? Mc-
Graw's' error in the. tenth lost the- game. ; At
tendance, 3255. <Score:, v . v •¦ .
",-;;•.¦;,•¦- ' ' >%? : . " >'''-R.. H. E. ¦
Baltimore- .........-..:.......".'. 7 ¦'•'' 15 ' 8
Washington'.. ¦.........:;... 0 : 18: •. 2
' Batteries—Shields, \ Howell and : Robins'on;
Orth-and Dull. ,,' , ; ; - ; ., ¦,:' ' ",_ : \.,; ¦
' May - 16.r-be?pite ' the fant.
that* he gave eight bases on balls Miller, wen
his '. game c from . Cleveland. . 'Wright * was hit
hard In but one. Inning,- Elberfleld's single driv
ing in two runs. Attendance. 1587. " Score : r
.-. - ':\ ' - . v. . t, -, - - : r.:^h.-' . e.
aeveland ;..;.... ..'. . i '. ........ 1 " 3 . ; 1'
Boston 4-9 3
Chicago ......... ...2 4 1
St. Louis .......... 1 1 2
¦ Batteries— Platt, McFarland- and Sullivan;
Powell and Sueden. < .:- .
BOSTON," May 1C— Boston defeated Philadel
phia to-day. Jn'a slow game. Many of Umpire
Carruthers' 1 decisions . occasioned much ' objec
tion. Ferris was put off the grounds in the
fourth inning," Gleason. taking. his place. ;'At
tendance, 3910. . Score:
'- . AMERICAN LEAGUE. ' - :'.
' CHICAGO, May 16.— Two bases on balls, two
sacrifices and Green's timely single scored Chi
cago's runs. Two gifts and an error saved
St. Louis from a shut-out Attendance, . 2500.
Score: ' . . . ' "
... R.- H..: e.
. At the suggestion that his ; friends would
like to see him at his task Mayor Davie
replied: \
"Yes, no doubt they would enjoy It,
and my Southern Pacific friends would
one in the sixth inning on a base on balls and
two hits. At no other stage of the game did
they have a chance. The feature was I Brans
field's batting, which scored the first five runs
for Plttsburs. Attendance, 2400. • Score : - ¦ ¦ ¦
¦ • ¦ ¦ i ¦ -R. H. E.
pittsburg ............ .h:.;... e io ¦ o
Philadelphia ....:........... . . 1 . 7 . 1
Batteries — Chesbro and O'Connor; White and
Jacklltsch. Umpire — Emslle.
EX-MAYOR TALKS OF CROPS.
On Saturday the man who attained fame
as Oakland's executive had to. work very
hard all day in order to finish out the
allotted number of potato rows for the
week, but he found a little time to talk.
Any resident of Oakland, used to seeing
the familiar form of John L. Davie, .clad
in dignified garments of the tailor's best
workmanship, Impressive of feature arid
polished of manner, would have been
amazed upon drawing rein at the field
fence to recognize this same man In the
industrious laborer who was hoeing, the
way for a generous crop of .mealy tubers.
Davie wore a blue flannel shirt tucked Into
blue overalls and the overalls tucked into
high boots. He wore no hat" and his
sleeves were rolled up, exposing arms as
brown as the manzanlta berries. His face
was tanned to almost the hue of an In
dian's. • - : ¦•¦.:¦;•-• ¦ • .-. • .--..
- - and a pick on a ranch in the
Ono hills, twenty miles west of Redding.
He hoes long rows of potatoes beneath
the May sun from dawn until dark, and
for a change of occupation he is occasion
ally allowed to take a pick and work for
a while In the hard auartz . rock of ' an
adjacent mining -claim. For six • months,
he has put in every day, when the weather
was not | so bad as to absolutely ' forbid
outdoor work, at the hardest kind of man
ual labor.
EDDING, May 16.— John L. Davie.
former Mayor of Oakland, is now
earning his living and saving his
• life by vigorously swinging a hoe
¦ ¦¦ ' The provisional ' itinerary , announced be
fore ': starting . includes "•¦ games with the
University of Oregon at Eugene, the Uni
versity of 5 Washington at Seattle and the
crack. Portland Multnomah Club, which
has met:'' the 'California football team
twice. - • Other, towns visited \ will be " Red
ding, Tacoma, Salem, -Spokane, Everett,"
Butte.j Helena; Anaconda ; and .Vancouver.
The ; varsity , team iWlll be followed about
June 1 by an aggregation of alumni stars
from' both and : Stanford, which
will traverse ;the same: territory. -' - ..
-The line-up of the team '_ls as
Pitchers, Overall and . Smith; .'catcher,
iHa tch ; " first base, Hendricks ; second base,
Braley; -third v base, Kennedy; shortstop,
Adams;; right .-.field, iMcKeowen; center
field, Hamlin; left-field, Heltmuller.
of California-baseball team left' this morn
ing for an . extended " tour -of the northern
c.'tles, i where they will . cross " bats with "a
score or; more of the crack teams' of Ore
gon, Washington, ¦ Montana and | British
Columbia. Through the efforts of Cap
taJn 'Tyrrel. Hamlhv and • Manager. Ezra
Decoto this ¦ trip has been planned to be
the longest and most ' comprehensive the
college ball tossers have everr.taken. '.'.
, "I have -come to really love this sort
cf life I am forced to lead," 'said the man
who personally conducted the cltyls case3
against the Southern Pacific while he was
Mayor of >Oakland. -"It is so free • and
exhilarating and so close to nature. . -I
eat- like a bear now and have fresh meat
on Sundays." - • * '¦
•'. Davie was not sure that he. was done
with politics., ,r : .-.'¦
- "\ may bob up serenely again some time.
I got a lot of unpleasant newspaper no
tbriety before, but The Call * helped - me
very greatly in, the people's fight. Time
may r shift things around again." . -
And \ with that the- bareheaded • man
looked again at his rows of potatoes,
shouldered his hoe and strode. off to eat
the dinner 'of i bacon :and beans which
Loeffler I had '. prepared | and then •- to - wipe
the dishes for the farmer..
.Mr.- Davie. was greatly \ interested to
learn | that Bret Harte and Admiral Samp
son were 1 dead.^ He said he had always
admired the author of "The Outcasts of
Poker Flat." He' believed Sampson had
wronged Schley and hoped that Schley
would now get the full honors due him.
. "Since you do no reading- you doubtless
have other diversions. Perhaps you play
ping-pong?" the visitor remarked.
"Ping-pong! : What in the world is ping
pong?" -
.Evidently he told the truth when he
said he had not read the newspapers in
six months.- .•; ..¦-...-¦
- As Davie bent over ' his hoe the mark
on the waistband of his overalls showed
thirty-six inches, and they were fully two
inches too large for him. In six months
his girth has lost ten inches.
KASN'T HEARD OF PING-PONG.
factory. .-
In all this time Davie has not seen a
newspaper, or received a letter except from
his closest relatives. His friends are not
allowed -to know his address and no busi
ness matters can reach his ears.
In Bullychoop district in Western Shasta
Davie owns some mining claims, rln visit
ing them he had met Gottlieb Loeffler, a.
hardy- German truck ; farmer, of the sec
tion. Loeffler had a comfortable home,,
lived' a-- bachelor 'life' alone 'and l - had,-no
neighbors. In ten j . dayst after ; the' ulti
matum ' from I tho ! doctor j John | L.., Davie
was sharing Gottlieb'. Ijoeffler's .quarters
and his occupation:' For six- months' he
has worn i neither coat- nor hat and' only!
storm and darkness have 'driven him in-,
side the house. He has become .an- ex
pert 'gardener- and can :' swing the. pick
with any: miner of . the district. . He. has
grown /horny fisted and tanned, -lie goes
to .bed. at dark and rises before the sun/-
The cure is working and- Davie will not
die. for; his stomach is no longer a sugar'
TOILS FOR TRUCK rFAEMER.
Then the man who gave Oakland its
first; and famous' ride to San Francisco
for 5 cents told how he came to leave the
city "by the bay to its fate for ' half a
year -while he came to .a' remote; spot in
the Shasta hills ' to usurp -an unskilled
laborer's Job. •¦ - . v • -. ¦ .
Mr. Davie contracted a stubborn stom
ach trouble of a most peculiar kind.
Everything that he ate changed to sugar
in his system. Even pretzels ¦ were sac
charine to him. Hl3 weight increased
alarmingly- and his girt^ expanded* to
forty-four inches. He breathwd with'dif
ficulty and - slept scarcely- at all.'. .His
nervous system and his mind felt the
strain. At last his ¦ physician - told him
that salvation might be found in a rugged
life in the open air, with hard work for
his hands and complete rest for his mind.
Otherwise he must die. • , - .;-. :.;
be particularly, happy to see me hilling
spuds. Perhaps they :- would think I'm
training for another tussle with them.
.However, I'm simply working for a good
crop of potatoes to sends out over their,
lines.- This is how my good friend Loeffler
lets me earn- my board." - •! . ....
T^E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, aSATUBiDAY, ; MAy 17, 1902.
5
kAie.
I i ! I S 1
? E ¦ • t 3
. ST. «
: : : : 2 :
McPartli
Meredith
WhaJen
Waadell
Dowlinff
Jones . .
Schmidt
[In
h
8 » 21 2 0 .937
8 S 29 2 0 .931
10 5 34 2 1 .928
9 10 26 2 1 .923
9 4 25 3 0 .906
9 6 20 6 0 .848
IS 1 16 2 1 .847
XAME.
p e a i p x
2 7 £ 3 I 3
«t O " "1 » <t
| f j j-| I
. 18 80 16 1 3 .000
. 2R 108 35 5 3 .»M
. 15 CO 16 3 3 .»2«
. 26 82 35 13 4 .882
jor
5rs
prt<
ah
ton
har
NAME.
C
a
3
o
I
«
a
—
First b
asemen — . I ' !.__ .1 J
Ftreib . .
Nordyke
Birmingh
Athertun
' ." 27)330 6 3.091
: 23245 13 5 .981
am*"" .......... 23 13-J 11 . 6 .9C4
7.. .'.¦.'..... 10 ™ S 4 -953
Second
Rulen ..
Sichien .
Raymer
Bone ...
baEemen ~...:.... ¦¦•8 16 26 V7 .970
•"-¦¦ ,, k ...i. siL^ P 2 7 - B5ft
*."".. L 29r€2 102 tTIt)SS"
231 28 45 .7 .S12
Dasemen — :1" I ""I _ 1. .1 '_'i
Etevereao
Sheehan
Keilly ..
Shugart
x . :. 27 27 56 4.954
*"""........... 20.43 63 8.038
23 3S 79 9 .820
28 05 64 11 .811
Shortst
ope— M :. J: -_
1
wr
Francks
Holly ..
Toman .
Unglaub
27 7G112 13.935
2S 83 96 .16 : 922
29 5*5 95 17 .897
'"-¦. 13 36 4S 13 .864
dens- I- - ,• •• :
Househo'
McHale
Walters
Lawler .
Frary . .
Rebsamt
Hanniva
Dclrnas .
McCreed
Wagner
l der 29 id 5 - 1 .080
28 66 4 2 .fl"2
27 43 3 2.968
27 45 3 ' 2 .960
16 23 1 1 .OC0
¦a 26 41 ' « • 3 .040
n 28 59 1 4 .93s
14 22 11 .917
le 21 18 2 2 .9CM
16 29 6 4.895
9 * m f ?
i i ¦ : i i
NAME AND CLUB. : f j '5 £ £
• Z ' ' * •
Reilly. L- A 291100 11 37 71.370
Householder. L. A 29.115 13 41 l|.356
L<afcy S. F 28!l0l| 11 33 4|.328
Sh~-han. Sac 26J105 Q| 34 21.321
Kaj-nM L A 29 110 20 » B(.3uO
Hulen, Sac 81/28 4| 8 51.28.
Hahnivan. L. A 28:111 19 31 7.219
Schmidt Oak. 13 10 5 11! 01.275
Mohler Oak 27 K» 16 221 8|.2S3
McCiecdie. Oak 21 79 121 21 5:. an
nunleavy. Oak 21J SO 13| 21 .2b2
Shueart. S. F 2S!llO 16 2S 3J.2M
Hollv S. F 281104 16 27 6|.25O
Nordvke, S. F 2S| M 16.21 5.250
Bicker Sac 7 2S 1 7 0.250
Dowling, Sac 9 29 2 7 .1.241
yrancks. Oak. 27 SS « 21 f. .23S
Walters Oak 27 102 15124 2.235
Frary, Sac. IS SS 71 15 lj.aj
Roach. LA...: 22 6S» 3 16 61.231
Lohman. Oak Ml 44 4 10 0|.227
Rebsamen. Oak 2€ 112 8 25 ei-22j
Unglaub Sac. 17 C9 4| lo 1|.21^
• R ; tTiir.tham Sac. ..... 23 S-1 5f 18 1I.V7
McKalf SF :....... 2S112 Ufa 6|.2O3
Dovle Sac 24|1OO| 7J 20 2|.200
Strelb. Oak. 27:1001 14| 20 9 .2*,
Fa?an Sac 17i Oil 5] 11 1 .19«
M?odell. LA. W S2 4| 16 2 .W5
Lawler S F 27 110 71 21 -6.191
Gcrton Okk . 22! 73 2114 0 .lfn
o£tSi. Oak. I: 10! S2 16- OKIM
Di-lmas S. F 21 1 76| 3 14l 1|.187
Graham. Sac 26! 741 11 1» r.lf*
Bone S F 23| S4! 8 15 3|.178
Whalen S. F 10 36 3 6 2|.16«
Dcvereaux, Oak 27 102 10 171 3.160
S'.a-le L A 12 37 3 6 0|.162
S li a jralllOl 151-171 51.1'r.
Mcp.vtun. A i:.--A:- :::::: 13 a:m
Thomas Sac 8 28 3 3 «|.10i
SSStth. S. F. 9 24 3 2 1I.0S3
kAie.
I i ! I S 1
? E ¦ • t 3
. ST. «
: : : : 2 :
McPartli
Meredith
WhaJen
Waadell
Dowlinff
Jones . .
Schmidt
[In
h
8 » 21 2 0 .937
8 S 29 2 0 .931
10 5 34 2 1 .928
9 10 26 2 1 .923
9 4 25 3 0 .906
9 6 20 6 0 .848
IS 1 16 2 1 .847
XAME.
p e a i p x
2 7 £ 3 I 3
«t O " "1 » <t
| f j j-| I
. 18 80 16 1 3 .000
. 2R 108 35 5 3 .»M
. 15 CO 16 3 3 .»2«
. 26 82 35 13 4 .882
jor
5rs
prt<
ah
ton
har
NAME.
C
a
3
o
I
«
a
—
First b
asemen — . I ' !.__ .1 J
Ftreib . .
Nordyke
Birmingh
Athertun
' ." 27)330 6 3.091
: 23245 13 5 .981
am*"" .......... 23 13-J 11 . 6 .9C4
7.. .'.¦.'..... 10 ™ S 4 -953
Second
Rulen ..
Sichien .
Raymer
Bone ...
baEemen ~...:.... ¦¦•8 16 26 V7 .970
•"-¦¦ ,, k ...i. siL^ P 2 7 - B5ft
*."".. L 29r€2 102 tTIt)SS"
231 28 45 .7 .S12
Dasemen — :1" I ""I _ 1. .1 '_'i
Etevereao
Sheehan
Keilly ..
Shugart
x . :. 27 27 56 4.954
*"""........... 20.43 63 8.038
23 3S 79 9 .820
28 05 64 11 .811
Shortst
ope— M :. J: -_
1
wr
Francks
Holly ..
Toman .
Unglaub
27 7G112 13.935
2S 83 96 .16 : 922
29 5*5 95 17 .897
'"-¦. 13 36 4S 13 .864
dens- I- - ,• •• :
Househo'
McHale
Walters
Lawler .
Frary . .
Rebsamt
Hanniva
Dclrnas .
McCreed
Wagner
l der 29 id 5 - 1 .080
28 66 4 2 .fl"2
27 43 3 2.968
27 45 3 ' 2 .960
16 23 1 1 .OC0
¦a 26 41 ' « • 3 .040
n 28 59 1 4 .93s
14 22 11 .917
le 21 18 2 2 .9CM
16 29 6 4.895
9 * m f ?
i i ¦ : i i
NAME AND CLUB. : f j '5 £ £
• Z ' ' * •
Reilly. L- A 291100 11 37 71.370
Householder. L. A 29.115 13 41 l|.356
L<afcy S. F 28!l0l| 11 33 4|.328
Sh~-han. Sac 26J105 Q| 34 21.321
Kaj-nM L A 29 110 20 » B(.3uO
Hulen, Sac 81/28 4| 8 51.28.
Hahnivan. L. A 28:111 19 31 7.219
Schmidt Oak. 13 10 5 11! 01.275
Mohler Oak 27 K» 16 221 8|.2S3
McCiecdie. Oak 21 79 121 21 5:. an
nunleavy. Oak 21J SO 13| 21 .2b2
Shueart. S. F 2S!llO 16 2S 3J.2M
Hollv S. F 281104 16 27 6|.25O
Nordvke, S. F 2S| M 16.21 5.250
Bicker Sac 7 2S 1 7 0.250
Dowling, Sac 9 29 2 7 .1.241
yrancks. Oak. 27 SS « 21 f. .23S
Walters Oak 27 102 15124 2.235
Frary, Sac. IS SS 71 15 lj.aj
Roach. LA...: 22 6S» 3 16 61.231
Lohman. Oak Ml 44 4 10 0|.227
Rebsamen. Oak 2€ 112 8 25 ei-22j
Unglaub Sac. 17 C9 4| lo 1|.21^
• R ; tTiir.tham Sac. ..... 23 S-1 5f 18 1I.V7
McKalf SF :....... 2S112 Ufa 6|.2O3
Dovle Sac 24|1OO| 7J 20 2|.200
Strelb. Oak. 27:1001 14| 20 9 .2*,
Fa?an Sac 17i Oil 5] 11 1 .19«
M?odell. LA. W S2 4| 16 2 .W5
Lawler S F 27 110 71 21 -6.191
Gcrton Okk . 22! 73 2114 0 .lfn
o£tSi. Oak. I: 10! S2 16- OKIM
Di-lmas S. F 21 1 76| 3 14l 1|.187
Graham. Sac 26! 741 11 1» r.lf*
Bone S F 23| S4! 8 15 3|.178
Whalen S. F 10 36 3 6 2|.16«
Dcvereaux, Oak 27 102 10 171 3.160
S'.a-le L A 12 37 3 6 0|.162
S li a jralllOl 151-171 51.1'r.
Mcp.vtun. A i:.--A:- :::::: 13 a:m
Thomas Sac 8 28 3 3 «|.10i
SSStth. S. F. 9 24 3 2 1I.0S3
I Net Results
\ 1 Years of labor for perfection have
,H -.•¦*¦';> resulted ir. the production of -
I 4 Hunter
% S Baltimore
tl j cRcnowned
• - needs of women it
,» cinusTY*"msKrox>nsRTO!cco..inc_ •
223&JI5Cal(fornUSt..R»n KraacJeeo.Oir
Telephone Main S73. ¦
: WNDS OF ' W^Pft^W
V ' LATEST \From One to Thirty-Plve.
.Danish statesmen i.ahd publicists are showing that
they arej made bf.mbsr curious stuff. Even after the
horror, of St. ; Pierre Ihey still hesitate in the , sale of a
part of; nature's hell caldron lito the United States.
The local Board, of Supervisors feels highly in
sulted because',it. has' beeh : sutn'moned to appear be
fore the;- Grand. Jury and testify. The members'
should- take '- the command as. a compliment. There
have been v some Boards of Supervisors in San.Fran
cisco that were not given r even that chance. '.•¦' t'^w' i
As "a- matter > of precaution' individuals
who do. business': as :, such "ahnbuhce; in
newspapers that j they have purchased the
business of a certain.; party to protect
themselves j from, annoyance j that might
arise f from i an', unscrupulous :¦ party,'/ who
after, having sold out 1 might [go and ob
tain goods and then have the bill . sent to
the , store where ; goods were formerly fur
nished/ '-Whether a purchaser is -liable for
' the "(debts "of the"; business - of S the j former
owner I depends - on. the character' of ; the
bill of r A ; Wll : of :sale; need- not be
recorded; ! . In buying out' a 'business the
purchaser ; must follow, the rule of, caveat
emptor, let the purchaser be on his guard.
A purchaser of a business ' may; ask- for
an indemnity bond as against any claims
for wages?;. material, debts, etc.,:: before
parting; with his f money,".' if ¦ he ¦ has ; any
doubt as r to "the *. honesty-^ of - the . seller.
The -.way to , prevent ¦: being ¦'¦- swindled -In
making a' purchase is to go slow, investi
gate every thing ; in the: business and' if
you are riot /with your investiga
tion; drop* the whole; matter. V.. -.;.-.- ....• '..
. the liability j of a' sreneral partner for the
acts . of his co-partners ' continues even after
the dissolution of co-partnership In favor of
persons who have had dealings with and given
credit- to . the j partnership during its existence
until, they have had personal knowledge of the
dissolution and In favor of other persons untltl
such' dissolution has been published In a news
paper \ iri • every county \ where the partnership
at the time of dissolution had a place of busi
ness, If a newspaper Is there published, . to the
extent , in either- case to which auch - persons
part with ; value in eood faith and under ; the
belief that such I partner.' is still a member of
the, firm: ', .:•-.• , > . ; '•
. BUSINESS^-R., Winthrop, Cal. ,' There
is a Jaw in this. State in relation to change
in business firms which Is as follows:
The coronation will be stately and superb, but" its
splendor will be as nothing to the gorgeous imperial
displa/ which is soon to follow in London upon the
coronation of King Edward, and consequently it 'will
receive. comparatively little attention from the world
at 5 laifge. That fact is a striking, illustration of the
mutability of national power. There was a time when
the Kings of Spain were the mightiest monarchs of
Europe and those of Great Britain were insignificant
beside. them. The changes' brought about by war"
and trade have swept away the wide empire of the
great Kings of Spain, and to-day. the Anglo-Saxon
lords it where once the Spaniard ruled. The law of
mutability holds on its way," however, in undimin
ished force, and within a; century or so perhaps the
British empire may be as .narrow as ; thatof Spain
to-day. . ~ ;'j ¦'
Such speculations, however, will not be ' in the
thoughts of the young King at the coronation" nor in
those, of any of the brilliant array of men and women
who' form his court.his;; cabinet .and his council.
They are concerned with the troubles of to-day. Al
fonso XIII is to ascend ;a throne that is riot much
more secure than a city built upon the slopes of a vol
canic mountain.' Discontented; elements of all kinds
exist among his^ people and his nobles. There is no
telling at what moment an outbreak may occur, nor
what may be the nature of it. Poorly paid working
men may strike, destitute peasants may rise} angry
DIGNITARIES 'from all parts of the world
have gathered at Old Madrid to convey the
congratulations of Emperors^ Kings, poten
tates, peoples and nations to Alfonso XIII upon his
coronation. Dispatches announce that the Duke of
Connaught, who represents Edward of Great Britain,
and Grand Duke Vladimir, who represents the Czar
of Russia, were already there when the special envoy
-¦from the "United States arrived to present to the
young King the greetings and felicitations of Presi
dent Roosevelt and the American people.
THE KING . OF SPAIN.
A local woman has brought suit against a hospital
adjacent to her home on the ground that the odors
of the sanitarium are death-dealing. An Oakland
man has completely lost his sense of smell by a fall.
Perhaps if the Oakland man and the litigious woman
changed places right might come from wrong. '
COMMUNITY PROPERTY- P., Menlo
Park,; Cal. If a husband dies and: leaves
a will the terms of the will dispose of the
property/ If he dies without a will and
leaves a wife and • one child she receives
the half of the property; if more than one
child then the wife receives but one-third."
She does not I acquire absolute control to
sell the same without "the consent of the
children or the guardians of such, and if
there is a guardian the i consent of the
court must ] be obtained if the sale Is to
be made during the minority ot the child
or children. , Not ; knowing from, your let
ter if your sister-in-law disposed of her
property by will It Is impossible to answer
the question asked. Your question 'should
also include if your husband, her brother,
died before or after his sister.- '. ,'•
-.The peopleof that enterprising^ city should buy a
liver'pad for.; the Delta man and stick it on his con^
gested gall bladder; Then, they should buy another
and apply* itr to > his oral -cavity, and when the Pro
moters visit Tulare County, again they should export
him .lest he be taken: as a symptom that malaria is
endemic in that, fine region. -- V ;:•: V. -
The people of, Visalia 'have"--. before them .the con
trast between gall and" gentilit'y.in the"; mention of the
committee's .visit in the Delta and the fine, well writ
ten and thoroughly appreciative account given in the
.Visalia Times./' ; V . v ¦ i
In the midst of so general indorsement, .and the
cheer of the spirit of appreciative optimism we have
seen but one discordant note.. The Visalia Delta con
sults a torpid liver and takes its inactivity as the
measure of usefulness expected from the Promotion
Committee. ; One ; could pardon the Delta's •.hepatic
and bilious, condition if it were not made manifest by
deliberate falsehood . and malicious attack upon the
members of the committee,- whom it insults by* ac
cusing of excesses. A ¦', diseased liver is an in
firmity and misfortune with' which .men sympathize^
but when ah editor wears it in his face and writes in
jaundice to the injury of the community that sup
ports him, sympathy is lost in aversion."?-. y^V^v
THE; Promotion Committee, which under, the
auspices'" of the ; State Board of Trade is arous
ing the energies of a strong alliance between
San Francisco and the State to secure immigration
and develop our; resources; \ has been enthusiastically
received everywhere. - Its purposes are indorsed 'by
tHe people and the presence of its members^ on' the
tours they are making is imost; welcome., ..
THE STATE PROMOTERS. t
" The devotees, of; ping-pbng.are at last reaping
their "reward and that recognition which nature in
evitably gives to fanatics.- This, interesting game is
producing several physical, diseases which it is, hoped
are 'fatal.-. '•.-:.•¦ ¦ '.,'.;'¦¦•¦ ' ! '. .'-.•"• • .
KEY OF THE BASTILE— H., Oakland,
Cal. On the 14th of ""July, 1789, a mob .at
tacked the Bastile, dverpowered the
guards and destroyed- the • building.
The ( key. ' of ¦ the -. .outer ~ door . of
this '-prison was /obtained by Gen
eral. '. Lafayette, 'who . sent It to Gen
eral Washington. It is a large, black,
cross-handled key of wrought iron, seven
inches j long. . In offering, .it ' Lafayette
wrote: ¦ "It is, a tribute which" I owe as a
son to my adopted father, as an aide de
camp to my general and as a, missionary
of liberty 'to, its patriarch." It is stlfl
preserved In a glass case among the relics
at Mount Vernon.' . . . .
NATIONAL GUARD-H. R. D., ¦• Ash
land, Or. The only locality in Sacramento
in which there are companies of the Na
tional Guard of California Is Sacramento
City.' ¦¦.'.'. '-,'•-;: . ;*/•.- ¦¦':; ; . :,",.¦¦ , '¦
AN INVENTION- W., Vallejo, Cal. If
you have an invention that has any merit,
and you wish to be protected in the same,
consult some reliable patent agent.-
. TWO-CENT PIECE— A. S., City. A 2
cont piece . of 1865 (is worth only its face
value, not being a premium coin.
ANSWERS, TO QUERIES:
This expedition . is the laughing-stock of the Sen
ate, where the commissioners are hailed .as advertis
ing agents of yellow journalism, who work for their
.bed and board and the, privilege of getting their
names in print. They will finish their stunt and
come back, all but one to soon retire to private life
to shine in rivalry with that amusing sideshow called
"A box of monkeys.''
Since then there has been no chance to do much in
the line of advertising which he so much affects.
But Cuba is about to inaugurate an independent gov
ernment and Hearst discovers that in order to es
tablish a good understanding between the island arid
this country it is necessary to send a yachtload of
commissioners to the inauguration of Palma. For \
long time he has been drumming the Senate for vol
unteers who will sell their self-respect for a dead-'
head trip and victuals and drink. Those who watched
his scheme as it was worked in Washington have
been much amused during its progress and by its re
sult The angry snubbing he has endured from self
respecting Senators would make a more sensational
story than any that has appeared in his triplets since
his faked interview with the Pope. Sometimes re
pulsed in the Senate marble room, frequently politely
ordered out of Senators' apartments in hotels and
often getting a stinging rebuke that made their ears
tingle, his representatives have done the best they
could, but it is what fishermen call "a water haul."
He succeeded in inducing Mason of Illinois, Jones of
Arkansas and Thurston of Nebraska to be his sand
wich men. Mason and Jones have just been beaten
for re-election in their States by majorities so over
whelming as to be the instrument of humiliation,
and Thurston at the end of his term a year ago "dared
not apply for re-election and is already a very: ex-
Senator. To this list of hungry and thirsty ,; has-'
beens he succeeded in adding Money of Mississippi,
who has packed sandwich-boards for him before..
Senator Money has just distinguished himself by
stabbing a streetcar conductor in Washington for de
manding a transfer from him under the rules of the
company. For this the Senator was, hauled into the
police court and acquired a reputation which is more
useful on Hearst's yacht than in the Senate.
That opened the .eyes of Hearst's dupes and they
scuttled to cover as soon as possible to save them
selves from a share of the derision which fell upon
him. . . , 'Sii't
I decline to permit my sorrow for the men lost on the
Maine to be perverted Into an advertisement for the
New York Journal. GROVER CLEVELAND.
Hearst's next move was to use the dead of the
Maine for his own notoriety, and he organized a
"Journal Monument Association," to build them a
memorial with money contributed by others. He
roped in men like Levi P. Morton, William C. Whit
ney and others, who had. interests exposed to injury
from his malice or revenge. Having succeeded so
well, his effrontery went to , the length of requesting
Mr. Cleveland to act as vice president of the monu
ment association. Mr. Cleveland's reply is a classic!
It stripped the charlatan and left him exposed to the
pelting of ridicule and contempt, which ended his ad
vertising scheme. It cannot be too frequently
quoted. Here it is, as neat a job of flaying as was
ever done with a. pen:' m \
W. B. HEARST—
THE use of public men and measures for the
purpose of advertising himself has been one of
the amusing tricks of Mr. W. R. Hearst. He
found frequent opportunity to play it before and
during the Spanish war. His celebrated yacht excur
sions for "Journal commissions," composed of^
United States Senators, are not forgotten by those,
who participated, though some would like to forget
They cruised and came back to make speeches which
they would now gladly expunge from the record, but
they had to sing for their supper, though their per
formances gained more ridicule than applause.
MORE COMMISSIONERS.
Sooner or later we must make the payments re
quired by prosperity, and!.. we might., as well make
them now as at a later time. It is the duty, of the
Supervisors to make ample 'appropriations for need
ful .expenses- in fixing the tax levy for the ensuing
year,, and it is the duty of citizens to support them in
doing it. There can be no excuse, of course for ex
travagance or t waste.;* Money, should not be appro
'priated to any. department of the municipal govern
ment for the. support of tax-eaters or to be - squan
dered on foolish projects. Economy,' however, does
not mean parsimony. Ample schools, '.'good, streets
and an adequate' police, force may come high, but we
must have .them, and; it; is ; the duty of the - Super
visors to provide fox<them: • ."" I • ' "
A progressive city requires a progressive expendi
ture/ The rule applies without exception to every
civilized community. We cannot maintain our
schools or police our streets with the 'amount), of
money, that would have been sufficient had there been
no progress. The avenues along which communities
pass-to metropolitan prosperity are not free. At
every •rhilepost there is a barrier and we must pay
toll before we can .pass through. •
It would not be fair to pronounce a hasty judgment
against the grumblers. It is natural in man to desire
to get something without paying for it,' and a ten
dency to growl when payment is required is no sign
of depravity. The grumblers/ however, should be
reasonable. We cannot have. a large increase iri the
school population without at the. same time having
an enlarged responsibility in the direction of public
education. -When the number> of school children in
crease the number of- classrooms and of • teachers
must be increased. So also with the increase of the
general-population and- the upbuilding of the subur
ban districts there . inevitably comes a need for an
enlarged police force to afford protection to person
and to property. ¦ . - •¦ • .-
GRATIFICATION is felt; by all progressive
citizens at every new evidence of the growth
and progress of the city. . As a rule the 1 grati
fication is pure and unalloyed. 'When the citizen per
ceives new buildings arising in all parts' of the ' city,
when he reads statistics showing the increase of in
dustry, commerce;and bank deposits,- and when .he
sees improvements; going on in private or in public
property, he is. delighted arid counts ; it all. as clear
gain to the community. On the. other hand, when he
learns, that along with the growth of the city -there
has come a necessity for increased expenditures he is
inclined tc grumble . and to make an unreasonable
protest against what he looks Nipon as a waste of
public money. ,' ' , ¦ .
A PROGRESSIVE: CITY.
The game ( of ping-pong is sai(J.to cause an exces
sive strain on one leg, resulting in a disease called
"Tenosynovitis." .It is said there '• is a good deal of
it in England,, and one or .two cases have been' re
ported in' the East. First you: ping and .then you
pong and then you pungle up for the doctor. .V "
SATURDAY , ....... .-,.-,. . .... . MAY 17, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor... >
liiitt* AH Ccmmccicsiioas ta VT. S. LEAKS. Xanegtr.
fij>k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Tou With the Department Yon Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Mnrlcct nnd Thfril. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS... ..217 to 221 Stevennon St.
tielfverrd l»r Currier*. 15 Crnin Per Week. ..
Simple Cojite*. 5 Cents. *V/,.,' ' '„
Terra* *»t Mnil. Including? Postosrei ¦ * -"¦';'
DAH.T CALL. OncIttflinB Eunday), one year. .;..... ;W..V. .$6.^00 '
DAILY CALL fincluiinc Sunday), 0 months 8.00
DA1LT CALL {including Sunday). S months....' 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Sinicle Month «5c
6UNDAY CALU One Year 1.B0
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
A J B poitlUSSiCFIl AZ"C Ant D OPiV^tt 1 0 rfCPlVC
pubiiferlptlona.
E&mple copie» -will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rubscrlb«rs In erdericg cbanjre of eddre*s should be
r*rt(eelar to clve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
te incure a prompt and rorrect eornpllaf""* with their- request.
A communication was sent to the Grand
Lodge, asking that the representatives to
the Sovereign Grand Lodge use their en
deavors in that body to have repealed
that. section of the law which permits past
noble grands .who are not delegates to the
assembly to _vote for officers. •; .
¦Letters of congratulation were, read
from Rebekah assemblies, of Vermont,
Missouri, Wisconsin, South Dakota, Kan
sas, Oklahoma,^Virginia, Alabama, Idaho
and Australia.*
Past Grand Master Karl C. Brenck,
chairman' of the Grand Lodge committee
on conference, delivered an address. and
answered a number of questions on points
of law that were very Instructive.
The assembly was officially visited by
Grand Master Nicholls, who delivered a
short address and gave instructions. He
was accompanied by Grand .Warden-elect
J. W. Linscott, who spoke upon the good
work the lady members of the Rebekahs
are doing for the advancement of Odd
Fellowship.
There was introduced a resolution to
the effect that no children of Odd Fellows
would be eligible to admission In the home
until after, the parents shall have resided
in the State two years. This was dis
cussed at length and defeated.
.The • lodges permitted to fix the
time that lodge trustees shall hold office.
At the session of the California Assem
bly of Rebekahs, I. O. O. F., the resolu
tion permitting- the board of trustees of
the . Orphans' Home to meet bi-monthly
instead of monthly was adopted.
;• The file will be cleared to-day and elect
ed officers and those to be appointed will
be installed. '¦ ¦ '
There were present at , the session yes
terday the three oldest living past grand
masters of- the order— L. L. Alexander, O.
C. Burton and C. N.' Fox.
¦ The trowel was accepted and it was re
solved to send the donor a suitable mark
of appreciation for the gift.
Past Grand Master C N. Fox, who,
while the head of the order In 1867, was
given' a silver'trowel which he used to lay
the cornerstone of the monument erected
to the memory of Samuel H. Parker, who
founded. the first Grand Lodge in Califor
nia- forty-nine. years ago, donated tlie
trowel to the Grand Lodge. j
. The, decision of the grand master that
Rebekah lodges could not appropriate any
of its funds for the payment of the fu
neral-expenses of a. deceased sister was
reversed and it was given out that in
case a sister dies and has no to
meet the' funeral expenses the lodge of
which she was a member may appropriate
money for such prpose.
, The per capita tax was fixed at 30 cents
for/ the general "fund on the membership
of June 1, 1902, and the mileage tax, ' 15
cents on the membership of December 31,
1902. - ""¦-"- -. ¦ .
The discussion in/the Grand Lodge of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
regarding the proposed home was con
cluded yesterday forenoon and the whole
subject referred to the subordinate lodges.
After the'discusslon closed Davis Louder
back, P.'G. M., chairman of the commit
tee of the whole, presented a report pro
viding for submission to the subordinate
lodges of a' series of questions as to
the character of the building or buildings
to be erected, the amount that ought to
be expended, what each lodge will be -will
ing, to contribute, if the lodges would
stand* a per capita assessment and vari
ous questions as to members liable to.be
come inmates of the home." The report
was adopted by a, vote of 347 ayes to 244
,npes..,"At the afternoon session the re
1 ports " of the several committees, sub
mitted in the early part of the session,
were adopted.
ODD FELLOWS'
PROPOSED HOME
IS THEIR THEME
The young King who hag beerr called by the acci
dent of to rule over this discordant people is
credited with little strength, either physical or men
tals He is reported .to; be; amiable and /gentle, but
delicate and lacking in force of character or intellec
tual quickness. -The political skies that bend! above
his coronation are therefore anything but promising
to Spain. "Still it is worth while 'to remember in this
case that it is always the unexpected that happens.
It isa proverb that ¦¦'threatened men live long." -Al
fonso XIII is threatened in so many ways that if the
proverb be true his reign will be one > ol the longest
and happiest in history. At any. rate he has no politi
cal enemies except in his own tfome and no personal
enemies anywhere, and so -there will -be-well - riigh
universal good wishes to greet him when he assumes
the crown and enters upon the heavy responsibilities
of sovereignty. v * . ' ; ,
Carlists may take up arms, or anarchists may burst
forth, to lead a revolution in, which all" the-discon
tented- will join: To withstand' those" dangerous
forces there is nothing but the army, and even the
army'is restless."" v'--- .»v •• ' "T "".."-".
WASHINGTON, May 16.— An effort was
made by Lodge of Massachusetts in the
Senate to-day to induce the minority to
fix a time when a vote might be taken on
the Philippine Government bill, but Du
bols of Idaho, speaking for the Demo
cratic side, did not desire to specify a
date for the vote. Assurances were given
that the minority was not seeking for de
lay, but wished simply that discussion
should be exhausted before the vote was
taken. . ' ',•;
McLaurin of Mississippi concluded hia
speech begun yesterday in opposition to
the present Philippines policy, of the Gov
ernment, which he maintained was re
sponsible for all the ills that had come to
the United States In those islands.
Deboe of Kentucky supported the pend.
ing measure in a carefully prepared
speech, maintaining that the policy out
lined by McKlnley' ought to be followed to
the end. He asserted that peace would.
come quickly when the sympathizers with
Aguinaldo ceased their attacks on tha
American army and the American flag.
The House had more lively debates to.
day, alleged. Philippine atrocities and tha
Schley case coming In for considerable at
tention. The naval appropriation bill re
ceived little attention after the more excit
ing themes of debate came up. Cannon of
Illinois and Hepburn of Iowa brought on
the discussion by criticizing the- extent to
which naval officers secured comfortablg
berths ashore, whereupon Williams o{
Mississippi made a very sarcastic speech
at the expense of Admiral Crowninshleld,
during which he read a poem describing
the late head of the Bureau of Navigation
as "the greatest tar that ever stayecj
ashore." ¦
Williams denied the assertion of Grow;
of Pennsylvania that Philippine war
methods were slmilarto those of the Civil
War. Cochran of Missouri reinforced
Williams in this contention, "while Landis
of Indiana discussed the . resolutions
adopted by the Union Veterajis of In
diana, comparing "the copperheads of the
present day," who criticized the army la
the Philippines, with. the. copperheads ot
'61-'65. . ' ¦¦'- -
PERSONAL MENTION.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The Secretary
of War. has transmitted to the Senate
Committee on the Philippines a report
made by Captain J. H. Grant, civil Gov
ernor of the province of Leyte, P. I., con
cerning differences of . understanding be
tween himself and General J. H. Smith
in regard to the control of affairs in that
province. v '-'
The, report begins with a complaint of
the arrest of several native presldentes
of villages by the military authorities.
Unfortunately for the peace and tranquil
lity of the people of this province, the
military authorities have sustained a se
vere fright since the Balangiga affair
and have done many things that are cal
culated to hinder the progress of civil
government and make the people inquire
what benefits they are to derive from
civil government. The most important of
these incidents is described by Governor
Grant as follows:
"Immediately after the receipt of the
news of the massacre at Balangiga the
military authorities began patrolling the
.town from about 8 o'clock p. m. until
next morning, challenging and . arresting
all who could not satisfy the patrol that
they were not good men. On the night
of September 30 a sentry shot and instant
ly killed a man who did not hear, or at
least. did not heed his challenge. Of course
the people do not understand why these
things should take place under civil gov
ernment."
Following this on the afternoon of the
9th Inst. orders were sent out from district
headquarters direct to the presidente, so
he says, to arrest and take to the tribunal
every man in Tacloban who came from
Sam ar. The result was that 150 men
were arrested without warrant or other
process and subjected to a kind of. ah
Investigation, which being Incompleted at
a late hour at night; quite a number of
them, were' confined until next morning,
when the investigation proceeded, and all
but six were given their liberty. He con
tinues: . ..'.', . . -7 V :
"I am informed that a detachment from
Tanapan recently fired into a. party of
laborers from Daguami, killing one and
wounding two, according to military re
ports, but I think there were more men
wounded. This happened in the daytime
and the soldiers were commanded by an
officer. From all the information obtain
able, it was purely a case of nervousness
on the part of the officer in charge."
Speaking of General Smith's achieve
ments in the islands, Captain Grant say3:
"Since General Smith has been in com
mand here there has not been' a single
surrender, to my knowledge of arms or
men, nor has there been a single cap
ture. The only thing he has accomplish
ed, to my knowledge, was the arrest of
a few men on Bill ran and along the
straits on the confession of one of Luk
ban's officers, .the truth of whose state
ments is yet to be established. All the
sensational newspaper reports that have
reached Manila from reporters traveling
with General Smith are absolutely with
out foundation and have had but one ob^-
Ject in view, the return of this province to
military control." .
Captain Grant, asserts that certain
trcops.were removed from towns In Leyte
for the purpose of bringing about mili
tary control.'
A CHANCE TO SMILE
The Rev. Father Hugh McNamee Is at
the Lick.
Dr. J. J..Tully of Stockton Is registered
at the Grand. *•• ' '-,
Dr. E. Z. Hennessy. bt Napa is registered
at the Grand. .
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento 13 a
guest at the Grand. .
T. A. Work, a well known lumber dealer
of Pacific Grove, is at the Grand.
P. L. Flannigan, a mine owner of Reno,
is among the arrivals at the Grand. y
Mayor T. J. Field of Monterey is at the/
Palace, accompanied by his wife. I
E. B. Gross, who conducts an express
business at Pacific Grove, Is registered at
the Grand. 'w?j:
Judge F. A. Kelly of Susanville arrived
in the city yesterday and has made his
headquarters at the Grand. • ¦ "
W. F. George, an attorney of Sacra
mento, Is down here on a short business
trip and has made his. headquarters at the
Grand.
Judge A. Z. Watson, a wealthy resident
of Chicago, is at the Palace. He- is going
to. Nome, where he has valuable mining
claims.
Governor Od ell, accompanied by his fam
ily, left yesterday morning at Iff o'clock
on a special train for Del Monte. He will
remain there until Tuesday, when he will
leave for the Yosemite.
In the I crowd that filled a Mulberry
street auction rpom on Monday were two
Italians who watched the sale with inter
est and enjoyed the badinage for which
th auctioneer is ..noted." One of the Ital
ians, bid on some household article and
it was instantly accepted.
"What's, the, name?" asked the auc
tioneer, as 'he opened 'the salesbook.
"Pietro Dionozella," answered the
buyer.
;_• "Oh, that's too . much. I'll put down
'Peanuts, 50 cents.' You're on," said the
auctioneer, ' as he rattled off the next
article. The other.: Italian bid enough to
secure 'the article and his name, was re
quested..
"Patrlcka O'Sullivana," quickly answer
ed the Italian. .
"Well," mused;the auctioneer, "that's a
good old name for a dago; come, that's
not yours, though."
"You beta it isa nota mine," was the
quick reply; ''but lta agooda as Peanuts.
You maka de fun witha 'taJiano name. I
maka fun wida Irish."— Newark Sunday
Call.' "\" v
It was the morning after he had been
"detained. at the office on business.*.'
"Dearest," she said, sweetly, "I want
you "to "give me a frank and truthful an
swer to one question." : -.-,--
He was glad to get off so, easily, and
yet he feared th question would be a
corker. .-..¦¦ *
"Certainly, my dear," he said. "What Is
the question?"
"I want you to tell me," she said, im
pressively, "whether you will be home to
dinner or to breakfast." •
He was home to dinner that night.—
Chicago Post. .'..-.;
CAPTAIN GRANT
SCORES ACTS OF
GENERAL SMITH
DEMOCRATS ASK
FOR DISCUSSION
OF PHILIPPINES
As efforts are being made at this time to
advance; the upbuilding of; Northern California it is
interesting-' to note the excellent showing of that sec
tion of the State. It is in the counties north of
Tehachapi" that "rural industries are most varied and
•the. crops ,most- promising. The Promotion Com
mittee in- appealing to intelligent home-seekers
among the people of the East will need no other ar
gument in favor of; Northern California than what her
fields! orchards,' vineyards and pastures show to-day
in the way of . profitable return to every form of
rural industry, . from - the growing of grass to the
cultivation of the finest and most delicate of fruits
and berries, oils and wines.
Taken as' a whole/the reports' show in a striking way
the- advantage which. California has over any other
similar area in the world by reason of the wide diver
sity of crops produced in any particular section of her
territory. Santa Clara, for example, is noted as the
chief prune-growing; county, of the State, andithe
prune crop there isreported to be badly spotted; but
the county does not depend upon prunes only, and
her other crops promise enormous yields. So it is
all over California. Moreover, what is true of coun
ties is very largely true ! of individual orchards.
Nearly every grower has a diversified crop upon
which to depend for prosperity, and accordingly a
blight of one kind of fruit rarely ever -brings dis
tress to any considerable proportion of our people. .
So the reports, run. Each locality finds compensa
tion for a partial failure in; one crop'by profusion of
other crops, and the State at large is in no danger
of a shortage in. any important crop, because the fall
ing off in one locality is more than counterbalanced
by the abundance elsewhere.
.. It is. to be noted. that ho locality reports a prob
able falling off in all, crops, nor is there any crop in
which- even a partial . failure is reported everywhere.
Porterville, for example, reports that apricots and
peaches in that locality are dropping, while Visalia
reports; the peach crop will be enormous; .* the trees
are so heavily laden that in some orchards the grow
ers .will remove -"fully 75 per cent from the trees.
Hanford reports that Bartlett, pears will be very short
.oil account, of. the. pear blight, while Shasta announces
jthat her crop pfBartletts will be so abundant that
considerable quantities will be dried. The prune
crop appears to be more "badly "spotted" than any
other large fruit crop, and yet many localities expect
an extraordinary yield. From - Vacaville, for in
stance, the report says:. "French prunes 'and plums
are so thick that as high as $40 an acre will be ex
pended to thin them."
Of course all. the crops in all localities are not to
be absolutely perfect. From well nigh, every county
there come along with the reports of general bright
prospects statements; that this or that particular. crop
will not be full. Here and there it is noted that the
apricot crop is spotted, or the prune crop will be
lighter than was expected from the early promise of
profuse blossoming, and in one or two localities there
is felt a need of more rain. Even those statements,
however, arc riot to be taken always as bad news, for
a good many authorities declare that the falling of
the fruit will amount to hardly much more than a
wholesome-thinning and that the result will be such
an increase .uuthe quality and size of the fruit that
remains as to' fully' compensate' for the decrease in
the quantity. . .-.-¦' ¦
• "Whara forecast it*is!: The whole cultivated area of
the s S;tate< is glowing with "golden promise. Grass
pastures, grain fields, orchards, vineyards, befry
farms and market gardens vie with one another in the
lush profusion of premising crops. It is apparent
that taken as a whole all previous crop records are to
be broken. We are to have the most golden year of
our golden history and will. derive from our rural in
dustries a revenue that will carry prosperity to every
home that is not blighted by some special misfor
tune. ; .
REPORTS published in The Call yesterday give
- the most comprehensive summary of the crop
—prospects of the State that has' yet been pub
lished. As there is now no longer '.-"any probable dan
ger from frost except in a few localities in the moun
tains, the prospects' presented may be taken as a
fairly safe basis upon which to estimate the coming
harvests. There will be of course the usual dropping
of fruit later on," but as that is a normal phenomenon!
of the orchard industry the, effect of it ' can /be "'dis
counted with a fair degree of accuracy by experienced
orchardists. We may therefore reasonably conclude
that - the estimates furnished to The Gall, afford a
xeliable- forecast 'of the harvest that is. to come.
A '--GOLrpiiJK- A'ilA *
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; MAY 17, 1902.
It is'announced that' the President intends to ( . take
the stump durin g : the , fall; campaign, but if he have
any brave friends they, will advise him to «.' follow
Cleveland's example. and go fishing. . , ;;
Marshall i Fountain Pehs--$1.00. »" '; '
3 A:\ A; Waterman /Fountain Pen— $1.50.
¦'/Waterman's Ildeal; fountain pens from
S2.50 to? $35.00 each. T'Sanborn, Vail & Co
311> Market street- • „-. . .. .,..•"
6
April 1 0t,3S0 April 10 .59,070
Aptll 2. 00,300 April 17 . .59,.%7O
April a <5<>.i-io April IS. . . ; CO,:tOO
April 4.... OO.2OO Ap- .1 IO .60,400
April S <t<>. UO April SO... 71,100
April « 7O.C50 April 21 59,7."JO
April 7 OO,UO April 22.....:... 59,490
April 8 .00.530 April 23 .59,740
April 9 .<S0.290 April 24 60,B70
April IO nn.jiso April 23 .. ;.....' .<ll,l«O
April 11 i. .'.3H.7OO April 2O . . .00,000
April 12 <;».O5O April 27.'. ..... . .73,700
April 13 .-.7O.H<M> April 2«i ....... .Ol.OOO
April 14s . . . . . . . .4M>,1SO April 29 .GO,43Q
April 15. . ; .00,250 April 30. '. 01,370
Total. . .'. .'.'1,^55,710
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, " - J ' - I •
CJTY AND COUNTT OF SAN FRANCISCO, i ss - i ,/. ,
On this 12th day of May. 1902.. personally ' appeared . before
me, TVMiam T. Hers.- a Notary Public In and for the-city and
county aroresald, w. J. Martin who being eworn according
f- to law declares that he is the" business manager Of = The San
Francisco Call. a dally newspaper published in the city and
• county of San Francisco.- State of California,' and that there
were printed and distributed during the month of April. 1902,
one million eight hundred and fifty-five thousand seven hun-
, dred and ten U.SCS.TJO) copies of 'the said newspaper. - which
number divided by" thirty (the number of days of issue) gives
an averaga daily circulation of C1.857 copies. .- .
REAL. "j . ~- '. . W. J. MARTIN.
¦ Subscribed and eworn to before me this 12th day of May,
J902. ' "W\ T. HESS. . r
Notary Public in and for the City and County of San Fran-
i ¦ .-¦ dsco. State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckcls bulld-
ing. - . ¦ ' - " _r
STATEMENT CF CIRCULATION Of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
"Month of April, 1902.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots.JTownsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th©
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask-
ets. A nice present- for -Eastern .friends
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Job had his patience sorely tried, but
he never lost his collar button at an In-
opportune time. ......
p p Going to Thunder Mountain P P
The Northern Pacific Railway, la the best,
cheapest and quickest route. ' From Lewlstoa
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie," from which points
the trails Into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELER.
O. A:. W7 Market st.. S. F. %
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen's Foot-Ease, a powder. Makes tight or new
shoes feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunions. Swollen
Tired. Sweating:. Aching feet. 30.000 testimon-
ials. At drunrlsts & shoe stpres,' 25c. Aslc to-
day. Sample Free. A. S, Olmsted, Le Roy, J N. T.
The Emperor of China and the- Viceroy
of India, between them, govern more than
half the population of the world.
Call ¦n*»*eriber» contemplatlnir a enangre ol
retticBCc dnrinc .the anmmer month* ran hare
ifcelr pajirr lorimrded by mall lo (heir neir
tddreuri bj- notifying The. Call Daiilnesa Office.
Tltls paper ttHI also be on «ale at all summer
resorts and Is represented or a local asrent In
¦ II tovrn* on the coast. - ¦
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOIH FOR THE SUMMER
Sap Franciscan's Who Have Been Decorated
- With the Legion of Honor.
The Bunko Game of Old Madrid..
Horw *G»nfideace Men" Ja Spain At t Reaching Out for Susceptible
San Franciscan*.
Beautiful Women Who Will Attend King
Edward's Coronation.
How Uncle Sam Captures Criminals.
. ' , By. John R ViTkie. Chief of the Secret Service
The Experiences of a Lady's Valet; Si
Home Magic; Puzzle Pictures, Fashions and
Human Interest Stories.
Pat and Heiny in New Adventures.
r . . ¦ i . . . . ¦ ' ..'.. x . --' \' i • r - . . . • .YOUNG BRIDE WHO HAS JUST
RETURNED FROMHER WED
DING TRIP. :. .¦•.,_ " .¦ ¦. :
Warrants were Issued yesterday by
Judge Cabaniss on complaint of W. H.
Griffin, inspector for the Board of Publla
Works, for the arrest of David Devoto.
president, and A. B. Webb, secretary of
the Union Wood Works, on a charge of
obstructing the foot of Third street with
two buildings and cordwood. They were
arrested and released on ball. The case)
Is to be made a test one.
Obstructing- the Street.
Miss Alice Gardner, the charming young
society. belle, wno is engaged to Dr. Meyer
Preston, gave an at home yesterday after
noon at her residence, 603 Baker street.
The rooms .were prettily ~ decorated for
the occasion. ¦ . Refreshments were : served
the guests and there was music during
the afternoon. ; i Miss Gardner was assist
ed in receiving by : her sister and Mrs.
Gustav Shingleberger. Miss Gardner is
tc be married on May 31, and: the cere
mony will take. place at the family resi
dence. • r _-. < • '
JThe happy and groom, Mr. and
Mrs. H. J. McGinnis (nee Haslehurst),
have returned from their wedding trip
through Southern California. They are
temporarily residing with their sister
Mrs. Louis Thors, until their new home
is completed. The host>of beautiful and
ccstly wedding presents from | friends in
the East as well as on the coast will equip
the young couple handsomely at the be
ginning of their new life. It will be re
membered that the wedding took, place
at St. Dominic's Church on the 2d of this
month,' and "the affair was one of the
most delightful and elaborate of the sea
son. The music was especially fine Mrs
F. Rurmann, a relative of the groom"
from St. Louis, giving a brilliant rendi
tion of Millard's "Ave Maria" during a
part of. the ceremony, assisted I by Hamil
ton Howe, organist. The bride Is a sis
ter of Dr. A. O. Haslehurst, W. W. Hasle
hurst and Mrs. Louis Thors of this city
The groom is a member of the firm of
Metzger & Franklin, a prominent member
of the Olympic Club and past president
of Alcatraz Parlor of Native Sons
Mrs.; N. B. Montague gave a delight
fully informal tea in honor of her mother,
Mrs. J. M. Manning of Boston, on Thurs
day. : The drawing rooms were handsome
ly decorated with tulips arranged with
most artistic .effect. . The ladies spent a
very pleasant afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Ruddock, Mr. Cordes Mr
Hogan Miss Oreenleaf, Miss Davis Miss Con
way, Dr. L. A. Tuntler, Marjie J. /Qulnn - C
Munson. Miss Rose Harrison, Miss/V. Tobln,
MiS3 B. Browell, Miss Lucile Dodee, Mirfg
Marlon Steele, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. White N
McConlju, Mr. Banta,.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Hal
try. 'Mr. Walters,. Mr. and .Mrs. E. J Mc-
Givln, Mrs. George Taylor, George James,' Miss
Pierce. Dr. H. Alderson, Dr. C. Jones, the
Misses De Haro, Dr. S. Gardiner Dr M
Oneil, Dr. Harvey, Dr. E. Westbrook, Miss M*
Barrlman. •
Mr. and Mrs. Charles White entertained
a number of friends of their daughter
Carmelita on Thursday evening. The fea
ture of the evening was ping-pong, and
an enthusiastic game was enjoyed by
many of the guests.- Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Shortridge, Dr. and Mrs.
L. Carpenter, Mrs. George Lull, Mrs. F. Smal
ley. Misses Allle and | Nell Carpenter, AUle
Guild, - Evelyn and Lucile Pase Mrs. Clara
Foltz, Miss Vesta Shortridffe, Miss Virginia
Foltz, Charles Kitzmeyer, Charles Jordan, Sam
uel Hardy, Fay Smalley, • Eugene Carpenter
David and Samuel Foltz. . . •
• ; ¦ 7. V
accept a flattering position on the operatic
stage in New- York, where her rare abil
ity has already been cordially received by
appreciative audiences." Those present at
the party, were: .
HONOLULU, May 10.— The American
ship Dirigo,. long overdue from Hongkong
and reinsured 15 per cent at SanFrancisco
when . last advices from ; there were sent
here, arrived yesterday. She had been de
layed by bad weather and head " winds
She 'was 104 days In making ; the trip
which is some days over twice : the aver
¦age. . ¦ ¦• .•¦ ¦¦ ; -¦ ¦ '•¦¦ ¦
Ship Dirigo Is Safe.
Michael Burke and Herman Wendell
were arrested yesterday by Detectives
Regan and O'Connell on six charges "bf
petty larceny. : It is alleged that Wendell
who was a bookkeeper for E. Roundtree,
a hardware dealer at 711 Bryant street,
has been in the habit of opening the door
of the store at night time and permitting
Burke to enter and take various articles
of hardware, which were afterward dis
posed of at various pawnshops. ;
Arrested for Petty Larceny.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 16.-The steamer
Miowera, from Australia, brought de
tails of the death of the wife and child
of Rev. Ludwlg Wolff, a German mission
ary at Paparatava, New Guinea at the
hands of natives. The missionary was ab
sent, and his wife and child, with Miss
Coe, a teacher, and same blacks, were
alone at the mission. Natives preparing
for a cannibal feast to celebrate the com
pletion of a new house surprised the mis-
Bion and killed Mrs. Wolff and child and
several of the flacks with axes. . Miss
Coe ran into the house and the cook a
native, armed with a rifle, kept the mur-
a ?£ er \, at , bay *,. untl I' **"» th ® arrival of
other blacks they fled, carrying off some
of their victims for a feast . - me
Miss Coo and the blacks -escaned
through the bush to a mission station at
Takubar. Police were sent back "and
•"^-¦b^ns-the-inlBslonarys wife and
child destroyed the villages near by kill
ing thirty natives and capturing others
Before leaving New Guinea Governor
Lee Hunt of the colony held an investiga
tion into the murder of Revs. James Chal
mers and C. F.vTompkins by, the natives
He visited all the tribes, but refuted to
make friends with the people of the two
villages implicated. The murderers have
been, located and will be punished. - The
natives told the Governor that they killed
the missionaries in accordance with their
customs and for revenge. It is believed
that Chalmers and Tompkins arrived just
before the time set for a cannibal feast
and that they were killed for that pur
pose.- The skull of Chalmers was recov
ered, but the natives refused to give un
that of > Tompkins. In one village - 7ffi)
skulls were found and in another 500
skulls. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The gentlemen of Holy Cross Parish
have arranged for an outing to Glen El
len on Decoration day, May 30. This cdtn
mittee consists of Chas. • Casassa, VV
aiohun, P. Spottiswood, F. -Kennedy, /J
Laydon, W. Enright, P. Hunt, L. Carroll
T Snead, Fathers McGlnity, Sampson and
Ryan. ' Everything will .be done for the
pleasure of excursionists. ,- The time of
leaving from San Francisco will be at 9
a.m. Tickets "for the round trip will be
sold at JL . L
Holy Cross Parish Picnic to Glen Ellen
Take Advantage of New
Guinea Missionary's
Absence.
Robert Garner and William Cole, young
men, pleaded guilty in Judge Cook's court
yesterday to two charges of robbery and
were ordered to appear for sentence this
morning. The probability is. that they will
spend the remainder of their lives in. the
penitentiary. - • ¦ ,.
The prisoners held up Demetrius Chris
tian at the corner of Bush street and Bush
place March 10 and took $21 50 and a
watch and chain from him. Christian no
tified Policeman Mulcahy of the robbery,
and the patrolman overtook the robbers
at the crossing of Bush street and Grant
avenue. ¦ He ordered them to stop, and
while he was searching Garner, Cole
placed a revolver against Mulcahy's neck
and made him throw up his hands. • Gar
ner took Mulcahy's revolver from him.
The footpads were arrested later by Mul
cahy and Policeman C. Peters.
PLEAD QTJTLTY TO TWO'
CHARGES OF ROBBERY
F. Li. Putnam, deputy assessor, secured
a warrant from Judge Cabaniss yesterday
for the arrest of Charles Mattheas, cigar
manufacturer, on a charge of violating
section 434 of the Penal Code by refusing
to give him the names and residences of
his employes when requested to do so. A
similar case against James McNab of
McNab & Smith, draymen," was dismissed
by Judge Cabaniss some days ago.
Refuses to Give Names.
Inquests were held by Coroner Iceland
yesterday in three cases and verdicts were
returned as follows: In the case of John
Brady, the 75-year-old prisoner who died
in the Central Emergency Hospital May
13 of scalp wounds and . concussion of the
brain, the jury found that the wounds
were. Inflicted by Arthur Henry Terry,
end charged Terry with the crime of
manslaughter. A verdict of suicide was
rendered in the case of George Ames, a
picture-frame maker, whose_ dead body
was found in bed at 26 Franklin street
with the gas turned on. j A verdict of sui
cide was rendered also in the case of
Emile Servetti, a bartender, who was
found asphyxiated in his room at 1300Vi
Stockton street yesterday morning, j The
evidence was that Servetti had been suf
fering from consumption for a long time
and had become very despondent. He had
attempted suicide a few weeks ago, but
lost courage and turned off the gas before
the fluid had any effect upon him.
With the Killing of Prisoner
John Brady, j
Jury Charges . Arthur Henry Terry
CORONER IJSXAND HOLDS
INQUESTS HT THREE CASES
CANNIBALS SLAY
WIFE AND CHILD
Miss Virginia Foltz was guest of honor
at a delightful ping-pong party tendered
by her mother, Mrs. Clara Shortrldge
Foltz at her home, 771 Haight street,
Thursday evening. Handsome prizes were
won by the fortunate players, and a
dainty supper was served later in the
evening. Miss Foltz leaves on Sunday to
Governor and Mrs. Odell, Mr. and Mrs. Georg«
A. Knight, Dr. and Mrs. C. N. Ellinwood Rev
and Mrs. Bradford Leavltt. Mr. and ' Mrs
Joseph S. Spear, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Whlpple
Spear, Mrs. Fannie Lent, Miss Adele Martel,
Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss Alford Miss
Doherty. Senator Ellsworth, Major H K Bird
W. H. Alford, Colonel Charles Sonntajr Im
perial Chinese Consul Ho Yow, William M
Lent and Senator J. C. Sims.
Mrs. William Willis gave a dinner
party in honor of Governor and Mrs.
Odell of ' New York on Thursday
evening at her residence, 1840 California
street. The floral decorations were elab
orate and artistic, including pink and
white hawthorn blossoms. The guests
were delightfully entertained and departed
at midnight. Those present were:
Mrs. F. A. Rodgers gave an informal
tea Thursday afternoon at her residence,
2516 Broadway, complimentary to Mrs.
Duval, whose husband is an officer in the
army. The drawing-rooms were prettily
decorated and«the guests were most hos
pitably entertained.
Mrs. Brower, Miss Irene Brower. Miss Gui
cher. Miss Edith Simpson, the Misses Lough
torough. Miss Mamie Bolhemus, Miss Posterly.
Miss Day, Miss Atalka Willlar. MIbs Wilson,
Miss Warner, Mrs. Stokes. Mrs. Reddington,
Mrs. Lewis, Captain Johnston, Dr. C. C. Col
lins. U. S. A., Lieutenant Betterson, Lieutenant
Embeck. Lieutenant Lewis,- Lieutenant Mcln
tyre. Lieutenant Brower, Joseph Rosborough,
Captain Farnsworth ' ¦
THE reception given by Rear Ad
miral Casey on board the United
States battleship Wisconsin Thurs
day afternoon was one of the
most enjoyable affairs of the sea
son in army and navy circles. A number
of young ladles of this city, accompanied
by their chaperones, attended, and sev
eral Presidio officers were among those
present. Mrs. Casey received the guests
with her husband. The affair was de
lightfully informal arid most of the time
was spent in dancing. Refreshments were
served in the officers' quarters. Among
the guests were:
. The prisoner has scarcely emerged from
the shadows of that terrible day when.her
father, Rev. Charles G. Adams, shot and
killed Dr. John G. Jessup at Berkeley,
/June 1$, 1901. Her suffering at the hands
of her drink-crazed father, an Episcopal
ian clergyman who had, been unfrocked
after many years of intemperance, moved
Dr. Jessup to interfere in her behalf. She
pleaded with him not to enter the room
where her father lay, but he brushed her
frail form aside and went in, pnly to re
ceive his death' wound. It was mainly the
daughter's. testimony on the witness stand
that saved the aged clergyman from a
felon's fate and tempered the verdict of
the jury so that he was adjudged insane.
He is now confined -in the Napa Insane
Asylum. • ..--.
"Then you know that?" she sobbed,
when asked if she were not the daughter
of Rev. Charles G. Adams. "I had hoped
at least that my identity in this connec
tion might remain hidden, if for nothing
more than my little brother's sake. All
of my friends will now know my disgrace,
and I shall never again be able to face
them. Into this unhappy life of mine will
there never come one ray of sunshine?
More than all else I feel for the man
whom I have promised to marry. Whether
or not this terrible event will cause him
to waver in his loyalty to me I . cannot
say, but oh! I hope not. He knows me
best of all, and knowing, he may find in
his heart a pardon for this unaccountable
action' of mine." . -i -: -
Mrs. Giisen and her husband visited the
prison-. last night and expressed the great
est compassion for the prisoner. She said
she had . no intention of prosecuting the
unfortunate . girl and her only, object In
having her arrested was to secure the re
turn of the jewelry. She has aided Miss
Adams in various ways and was endeav
oring to secure her a position at the time
of the theft. Both roomed in the same
hotel and the girl was allowed access V>
Mrs. Gilsen's apartments.
Miss Adams says she has been living 1 on
allowances sent from the East by her
father's relatives. She has an uncle, W.
J. Adams, a merchant of this city, but
she says she . has never received any as
sistance from him. Her little brother, 14
years of age, is dependent upon her, and
she seems devotedly attached to him. She
was a student at the University of Cali
fornia for several years. , ;
"i don't Know wnat caused me to do it,"
she said, "it must haveDeen the f devil; I
suppose. I was not in want— in actual
want, that is, and I had no notion of dis
posing of the jewelry. -,Mrs. Giisen has
been more than good to me. She was my
only friend in the wnole city, and to think
that 1 should rob her. My God, to what
have I come at last!" • i .
Sorrow's crown of sorrow received its
final thorn last night when Agnes Adams,
whose -entire' twenty-two years of life
have' been a thrall to misery, was locked
up in the City prison charged with grand
larceny. Impelled by an unaccountable
impulse, which she attempted. neither to
condone nor .explain, she stole from the
apartments of .aars. ' Giisen, -who lives at
lae (jiaastone, on the corner of P.olk and
kudy streets, a oiainond ring and a- brooch
valued at $iO0. ' ;"• : ¦ ¦ .' \
She sobbingly admitted the crime as she
sat in the pribon matron's room with her
tear-staineu lace bowed in her tiny hands.
Tearfully Admits. Guilt When
She Is Taken to the
City Prisoa
Miss Agnes/Adams Un
der Arrest for Theft
• Diamonds. .
ROBS A FRIEND
WHO AIDED HER
Rear Admiral Casey and His Wife Entertain Many
Guests, and Affair Proves One of Most Enjoy
able of the Season in Army and Navy Circles
BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN SCENE
OF MOST DELIGHTFUL RECEPTION
MAINS DISLIKES
MASONIC JURORS
Peremptorily Challenges
Ten Who Were 'Called
to Try Him.
Are on the Jury Despite
His Objections.
Two Members of the Order
Freemasons are not to the liking of
Charles R. Mains, late of Michigan and
manager of seven syndicates of capitalists
representing no less than. four billion dol
lars in gold, according to his statements.
Mains appeared for trial yesterday in the
Unitea Spates District Court on a charge
of having used the Postofflce for the pur
pose of. defrauding Dr. Charles B. Ben
nett of Wauseon, Ohio, out of $3000 by
representing that he would make .Bennett
president of the Standard- Rothchlld Oil
Company, with little work 'and much sal
ary, if Bennett would invest $3000 in the
concern. Bennett went to his banker to
draw the money, but was advised ¦ thaf
Mains was attempting to bunko him.
Several letters were written by Mains to
Bennett, in which It was represented that
the syndicates had several million dollars
on deposit in the banks of San Francisco,
New York and Chicago.
Mains represented that "Walter Scott
Gifford was actuary of these syndicates,
and shortly after Mains' arrest Gifford
was taken in custody in Monterey County,
where he was employed in the humble ca
pacity of telegraph operator for the
Southern Pacific Company. Gilford's
statement showed that he had been an
innocent tool in tHe hands of Mains, and
the prosecution selected him as a witness
on behalf of the Government.
Mains occupied the whole of the fore
noon in the examination of two or three
talesmen. He became so wearisome that
Judge de Haven cut him short.' Kach
juryman ¦was asked by Mains whether he
was a member of the Masonic order, and
every talesman who admitted that he be
longed to that ancient fraternity was per
emptorily challenged by the defense until
the ten peremptory challenges of the de
fendant were exhaused. - A jury was se
cured shortly before 4 p. m.
When Talesman Chesebrough ¦was asked
whether he had formed an opinion in the
case he replied that he did not think that
any one could sit in the courtroom and
hear the defendant examine one talesman
for forty-three minutes and not form
some impression.
Postoffice Inspector "W. A. Robinson,
who had simply performed his sworn duty
by presenting Mains!, letters before the
Grand Jury, was denounced by Mains as
"a star swearer." When C. S. Benedict,
clothing merchant, was asked by Mains
whether he knew Robinson, Benedict re
plied, "H« is one of my oldest and best
friends, and any statement that W. A.
P.cbinson might make I would absolutely
believe, whether he was under oath or
not." Benedict admitted that he was a
member of all the Masonic bodies and of
the Odd Fellows, "and two or three oth
ers." He was peremptorily challenged.
In the afternoon John J. Jury examined
the talesmen on behalf of the defense and
saved his client from being convicted be
fore the jury had been impaneled.- There
are two Masons and an Elk on the jury.
The taking of testimony will begin at
11 o'clock on Monday morning.
Wedding 1 Invitations.
"We give special attention to prevailing
forms, and engrave visiting cards, wed
ding invitations and announcements cor
rectly and • reasonably. Monograms,
crests and address dies made to order.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Druids to Picnic.
On Sunday, the 25th lnst., Hesperian
and Norma groves of the United Ancient
Order of Druids and Boadlcea and Hes
perian circles of the Druldesses will have
a joint picnic at Fairfax Park. This is to
be a basket outing, and in addition to
games and races, for which prizes will be
awarded, there will be gate prizes.
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, SATUBDAY, MAY 17; 1902.
7
JUNE NLJ7y\BEiR QP
OUT TOLiftY.
.AJUrSEMENTS.
IiAET TWO NIGHTS.
xt^tt WILL LOSE 24 HOURS IF TOU . MISS
TOU Wli^« "^ gEEINC
TIMES /X>yr \ TO-DAT
TO-NIGHT I j/l±g I
Tc-Morrcw To-Morrow
Monday— London and New Tork*s Greatest
F&rcial Success.
•THE BRDCTON BURGLARY."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Powell st.. near Market.
MATINEE TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT and ALL XEXT WEEK.
MATINEES WEDXESDAT AND 6ATURDAT.
CHAKLES j'ROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
And Bis Company In His Greatest Success,
THE SECOND IN COMMAND
By B ebtrt Kenhsll. aether of "A Royal Family."
PpIfpC Evenings. $2, $1 50. SI. 75c. 50c. 25c
I &1WL.1? Matinees. SI SO. SI. 75c. 50c. 25c
May Cft— KATKIITN KIDDER.
In "The Country Girl."
VAUDEVILLE" NECTAR!
KA.TINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAT. MAT 17.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
Aren. any part except reserved. 10c
Lew Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Kelcy; Mils.
Chester's Statue "Dog; Kelly and
Kent, and The Biograph. Last
times of Julia Heinrich; Raymond
and Caverly; Hilda Thomas and
Company, and the Florenz Troup?.
LAST TIMES
MATINEE TO-DAY— 25c. 50c. 75c
AND TO-NIGHT.
MR, JAMES NEILL
And HIb Company— Presenting Bronson How-
ard's Comedy-Drama,
ARISTOCRACY
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
25c AND 50c
TO-MORROW NIGHT
THE NEILL COMPANY will present Aupistin
Daly's Great Comedy.
The Lottery of Love
SEATS READT. _^
1 1 V UfLJHOOSE
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. .
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
"THERE'S NO ARGUMENT ABOUT IT."
TOU ARE SURE OP BEING PLEASED WITH
THE S
SINGfiNG GIRL
A "Wonderftil Bargain at These
POPULAR PRICES — 25c 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"REILLY AND TKE 400,"
Week Beginning MONTM?Y EVENING NEXT,
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE
Popular Author- Actor,
edwa.ro harrigan
In Mr. Hamsan's Clever Comedy,
"WADDY GOOGAN."
One of the Funniest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75a
Good Orchestra Seats All Matlneee. 25c
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY,
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday — Last Nights.
Greatest Melodrama of the Century,
THE WORLD.
With Scenes of Marvelous Beauty and Spec-
tacular ESects Unsurpassed.
PPtfCC Evenings 10c, 15c 25c. 35c 50e
rttlVrLO Matinees 10c 15c. 25o
Next Week— "WOMAN AGAINST WOMAN."
First appearance here of MISS FANNY
McINTYRE.
FISCHER'S THEATER
O'FarreXl. bet. Stockton and Powell au.
Telephone Main 231.
TRY I Popular
ONE 1 Matinees
OUR | To-Day
"FIDDLE DEE DEE/'
At 25 cents to any part of the tlfeater.
And the MATINEE TO-MORROW.
The only place In all the town where you
must lauffh and be hapx>y.
KOLB. DILL, BERNARD, BLAKE, HERM-
BEN. and AMBER, KELLAR, COLEMAN.
HOPE, EMERSON and our bewltchlngly
pretty chorus.
Matinee prices 25c. Night prioes 25e and 50c
Ee on the lookout for our next eruption.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
OLD FOLK, ATTKNTlOWt
TAKE THE CHILDREN TO-DAY!
VAUDEVILLE EVERT AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
"WILTON BROTHERS: HOSTE BROTHERS;
THE CLIPPER QUARTET; GORMAN AND
KEPPLER: FETCHING BROTHERS;
GRANT AND GRANT- and NEW MOVING
PICTURES.
SEE COL. EDWARD BBAUPRB,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES. ;
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
3:15 P. M.
SPXPAY lti 2:30 P. M. >
SAN FRANCISCcTVs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison sts. .
Advance Bale of Seats. ' 5 Stockton st. "..
Weekly CaU.Sl.00 per Year
TIRED SALESWOMEH.
Employers Should be More^Oonsid-
erate. V Mrs. Pinkhapa Asks Tired
Women to Write Her f or Advicej
- In the vast retail establishments, of large cities, many -women aid
employed as saleswomen.
; Men formerly held the positions, that "vromen *nowiiold, and while
women's organism is less strong than men's, they are expected to do the
same work. Their duties compel them to be on their feet from morning
to night, and many of them, in a short time, contract those distressing
complaints called "female diseases." , T*^
Then occur irregularities, suppressed or painful menstruation,
weakness, indigestion, leucorrhcea, general debility, and nervous pros-
tration. \ " ' .''T^- ;-•: Y
They are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassi-
tude, excitability, irritability, nervousnesSj sleeplessness, melancholy,
"all-gone " and "want-to-be-left-alone " feehngs, blues, and hopelessness.
- In such cases there is one tried and true remedy. ILydla E. JE*iui:-
ham's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles. The
following tetters prove this. They also prove the value of Mrs. Rnfc
ham's aavice. , * '
"I Can Work Every Day in the Week Now."
"Dkab Mm. Pctkham:— I write this letter lor you to publish for the-
benefit of poor, sufferin? women, lijdla. E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has done me a great deal of rood. I ha.ro taken, three bottles and feel
like a new woman.' When I began the nso of yonr medicine I was hardly able
to* be up; 'could not 'do -half*, a day's work. I ached from head to foot, was
almost crazy, had those bearing-down pains, and stomach was out of order.
Now all of these' troubles hare left me and I can work eTery day in the week
and not feel tired."— Mbs. JuannE Fkttcmatt, 402 Pennsylrania ATe., Lima, Ohio.
. " Hear Mrs. Plnkham :— I nave read -with interest your ad vie© to
others so much that I thought I would write to you for I have been,
suffering for a Ion? time. This Tdid some time ago.
"Now I can hardly find words i/to thank you for your wonderful Vege-
table Compound and adrice. .
" 1 was in a terrible state, erery part of my body ached, was very nervous,
liad hysterical spells. I think I would hare become insane had it not been for
Xiydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Your medicine has cured.
me and I cannot express my thanks."— Miss EiRn DzOsoat, Succaurairaa,
N.J. -'(March 8, 1901.)
No other medicine in the world has received such widespread and
unqualified endorsement.;'; :>
No other, person can give such helping advice to women who
are sick as can Mrs. Plnkham, for none have had such a great
experience— her address is Lynn, Mass., and her advice free — it
you are sick write her— you are foolish if yon don't. ©
P f" fM fffl IB DLUunUn kara hoax tim. t» lhn« qnertloned the rawlo*.
«M B^s. H U ni BH U ¦» II bos of the twtJmoBlal letter* w* era consttntly
iPl'tl R H IILalffmill poblUhiaewt hare d«po»lvwi with th« Nationil
DHBI S H Cl» Back, of Lyna, U*m., $5,ewo, which will
¦ B b« P* 1^ *• UT p«n«* wiw wiu ahsv that the *bov« twtunoniab ara not
BjM nLjl BLfl gooulae, ar. were pablUhed befwrt obtaSninr the wiitet'i *pecial pom*
r Ha? TSSr flro. —XjjAIm K. TtmUhamt. MedicUf Coattp^ayy lVytm. Vl*m ,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
EVEBYBODY DELIGHTED.
Newbro's Herpicide Destroys the
Dandruff Germ Permanently and ¦
Cures Baldness.
Quinine and rum and a whole lot of
other things lue pleasant to rub on the
scalp after washing it free of dandruff,
but one preparation of the general,
run cures dandruff and falling hair. It is
necessary to kill tttat germ to be perma-
nently cured of dandruff and to stop fall-
Ing hair. Newbro's Herpicide will posi-
tively destroy that germ, so that there
can be no more dandruff, and so that the
hair will grow luxuriantly. "Destroy the
cause) and you remove the effect."
' ; • ~™T~~ : ' "
IT'S PUZZLING
To many what a pleasing quality Is In the
laundry packages we send home.
The "know how" is the cause, and the
effect is yours in every piece of work we
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS*N.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 4-2O. >
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
PfllflfA Desirable location.
1 illClVV unsurpassed .cuisine,
. y V>' unequaled ser- '
" - till I* conveniences are the
_ attributes that have
|||*4f|/| made these two ho-.
\XL%XU\X tels popular with
__ . - tourists and travel-
HAiAIC crs wno visit San
IlUlVld Francisca
TO AUTHORS SEEKING A PUBLISHER.—
Manuscripts in all branches of . literature,
suitable for publication In book form, are re-
quired by an established house. Liberal terms.
No charge for examination. Prompt attention
t and honorable treatment. "BOOKS, 41 box
141. The Herald. 23rd St.. NewYprk.
Thia rignatnre Is on erery box of tbo genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine *»"**
y— ~H i^CEREAL COFFEE?%k
1 ou actua Hy S et *he nutritiotis |H
i£)/Sl ill and health giving; properties of Jif
_) '_j\,Jf jam the fruits and grain in your morn- Joi
\ 54 % FruUm, Looks like coffee M
,!>4^ o/ flrainy>|gL Tastes like coffee JSijr
- >/T31il^ Better than coffee J§&
'¦¦¦¦¦'liiiiiiwiiitf *^@^Boil 5 to 10 minutes JfiSr
' ' aw53SHBB88BWB
BuPfet, bktK .barber*- sKop.libr axy. ladies* I
arawiiYg* room coach. , cl\i b coa.cl\2«L^:
dmii>g* coach , observation coach ,besr "
: service ao\d cuisine in America.,most I
bea\itifSil scervery in tKe world. 'com-
iJort^ote a^rid speedy travel . •>* -<
, Chicago in "three days I
\ City^TicKei Office/ 641 Market^SI:. jjYOUNG COUPLE OF THIS CITY
WHO WILL BE MARRIED TO
NIGHT. : ' . I
ficatlon of the treaty only if favored by
a majority of three-quarters. This ob
struction shelves the question until after
the elections In September, when the Gov
ernment hopes to obtain a majority in the
Landsthing.
Closing Out Odd Lots
Of framed pictures at one-half the reyu
l&r prices. Sanborn, Vail &*Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
SEATTLE, May 16.— A special to the
Post-Intelligencer from Dawson says that
Joseph McDonald, superintendent of the
Treadwell mines -on Douglas- Island,
Alaska, shot and killed Nicholas Jones,
a religious fanatic.- Jones claimed God
appointed him to have McDonald close the
mines on Sunday. McDonald was warned.
When the two -men met Jones told Mc-
Donald that his time, had come and at
tempted to draw his revolver. McDonald
drew first and put four bullets Into Jones,
who died In an hour. The Coroner's jury
exonerated McDonald.
Kills Maniac in Self -Defense.
Houses of Denmark's Legislature Un
decided as to the Sale
of Islands.
COPENHAGEN, May 16.— The Folke
thlng (lower house) , to-day by 98 to 2
passed a resolution In. favor of the cession
of the Danish West Indies to the United
States, on condition that a subsequent
popular vote . by J the population | of /the
islands show a majority^ in favor thereof.
The matter' was then 'returned .to' 1 the
Landsthing,. which,. after a spirited debate,
rejected the resolution,? and by a vote of
30 ' to 33 "reaffirmed .the ¦ resolution'provid
ing, for. a limited plebiscite and 'the^ratif
WEST INDIES CESSION" }V ' :-¦
AGAIN IN ABEYANCE
SAN DIEGO,' May 16. — There is a great scar
city of unskilled labor In the southern end of
the State. The demand for men to carry on
the many lines of work that have been, begun in
San Diego and Coronado and in other parts of
the county in such that unless more can be
brought from other districts there will be much
delay in contracts.
PORTLAND. Or., May 16.— C. E. Buck
ley, a carpenter, was fatally stabbed late
last night by Fred, Slashur, a
workman. Jealousy and whisky led to
a quarrel between the men. Buckley, is
in a hospital, where his death is momen
tarily expected. ¦ Slashur. has been ar
rested/ ¦- . : ' .' ."
Fatal Stabbing Affray.
VALLEJO, May 16.— The discovery was
made this morning by a roundsman on the
navy yard that an attempt had been made
to fire the lumbershed . south of - the dry
dock. Wood had been saturated with oil
and laid against a lumber pile. A match
had been applied and ! the kindling con
sumed, but the lumber failed to ignite.
This was owing to the fact that it was
lumber designed for shipment and had
been dressed to prevent ignition. Had the
attempt succeeded a tremendous confla
gration would have ensued.
INCENDIARY AT WORK
AT THE NAVAL STATION
The northern army is on its ,way - to
Port-au-Prince. The Haytien » gunboat
Crete-a-PIerrot, now : operating with the
revolutionists, is also on its way to the
capital. The ¦¦ revolutionary ' troops '• will
Join forces at Gonaives. where a pro
visional Government will be established.
Cape Haytien is quiet. . .
Cinclnnatus Le Conte, former Haytien
Minister of Agriculture and Public
Works, is also a passenger on the Rodri
guez from St. Thomas. Le Conte said he
was certain of his 'election : as President
of the republic, but that he was betrayed
by members of the Government and cer
tain adherents of President Sam, notably
the latter' s family. Le Conte hopes to
be able to return soon to Hayti.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, May 16.— The v
former President of Hayti, General Sam v ,
and his wife will proceed 'to Havre,
France, on the French steamer Ollnde
Rodriguez. General Sam boarded the
steamer May 13, but she was detained at
Port-au-Prince until yesterday.
The situation improved during the day
and to-night all is quiet. The Provisional
Government has . arrested a number of
men, charged with having taken part in
the attack on the palace.
A number of delegates from the south
ern towns have arrived here with the in
tention of forming another Provisional
Government. The revolutionists In the
north have rejected the overtures made
to them with the object of averting civil
war. They took this action after raising
a loan guarantee by the customs, re
ceipts of Cape Haytien and Gonaives, the
two ports in their hands. The northern
army consequently, has begun its march
on . Port-au-Prince. . ¦ •
PORT AU PRINCE, HaytC May 16.-
There were further disturbances here last
night. A mob attacked the palace, but
the rioters were fired upon by the Presi
dential Guards and eventually dispersed.
Some of the attacking party were killed
or wounded, according to report.
The queen of the carnival to-night pre
sented the silver cup to the Marysville
team, the presentation taking place on
the throne In the
SACRAMENTO, May 16.— The first an
nual field day of the Sacramento Valley
Interscholastic Athletic League to-day re
sulted In a victory for the team of the
Marysville High School, which beat the
Woodland High School team 2% points for
first place. The teams competing were
the Marysville /High School, Woodland
High School, Dlxon Union High School,
Sacramento High School, Vallejo High
School and Placer County High School.
The teams won points as follows:
Marysville, 26%: Woodland, 24; Dlxon, 19;
Sacramento, 16%; Vallejo, 9; Placer
County, 7%. \ -W ,'
Teams of Interscholastic
League.
Win the Silver Cup Competed For by
VICTORY FOR MARYSVILLE
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES
Northern Troops Propose
to Attack Port
au Prince.
BAILS WTLIi BE LAID
THROUGH TO CALEXICO
LOS ANGELES, May 16.— Professor A.
H. Heber of the Imperial Land Company
was in Los Angeles to-day from San
Francisco, where he had just concluded
arrangements with the Southern Pacific
Railroad for building a branch line of
railroad to Imperial and through the com
pany's lands to Calexlco, on the Mexican
border. Surveys for the road are made
and between seven and eight miles of the
grade built. This work was done by
the Imperial people before the Southern
Pacific Company became interested in the
colony In the south end of the State.
The contract that was made this week
¦with President E. H. Harriman of the
Southern Pacific is for rebuilding tnat
portion of the grade already made, which
will be improved and raised about four
feet, and for the completion of the grade
to the town of Imperial. The Southern
Pacific will lay the rails and equip the
road. All the work must be done and the
road placed in operation by September!.
After the killing the bodies were dls
memberpd, rolled in blankets and placed
in a hollowed rock, where they were
burned. After being burned all of the
bones were broken into small pieces with
two hardwood sticks and a large, round
Btone, like a cannon ball. The murderers
went back to the scene of the shooting
and obtained packbags from the pack
hcrse. They burned the place where Doyle
and Dalke had been slain and where their
blood was and also the big log on which
the bodies had been placed for dismem
berment. They went back to the creek
with the packbags, gathered up all they
could of the remains and put them in the
bags to carry away and conceal. It Is
presumed the horse got away from them.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 16.— Advices
brought by the Miowera from the Antip
odes state that the Kennifts, father ana
£»•<• sons, are being hunted by the police
of Queensland for a terrible crime. . They
murdered two Constables, Doyle and
DaJkc, burned the bodies and placed the
embers in the saddlebags of Doyle's horse,
which was found some eight days later.
The murder was witnessed by a native.
Are Hunting Father and
His Sons.
Crime for Which Queensland Police
UTTBDEB, TWO CONSTABLES
AND BURN THEIR BODIES
ARMY MARCHES
ON THE CITY
THE wedding of Miss Mae Goetze,
only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A.
E. Goetze of. 215 Sanchez street,
and A. W. Lehrke of the firm of
-.H. Lehrke & Son, will take place
to-night at the home of- the bride's pa
rents. Numerous valuable and 'beautiful
presents have already been received from
friends in all parts of the United States.
The ceremony will be performed by Rev.
J. Fuendeling, pastor of St. Mark's
Church. The maid of honor will be Miss
Ij2zie Lehrke, sister of the groom. Con
Murray of Nicasio will act as best man.
After the wedding Mr. Lehrke and his
bride leave for an extended trip
through the southern portion of the State.
On Decoration day the Santa Cruz team
will pay its first visit of the season to
this city and will play against the Pacific
eleven. On Saturday, May 31, and Sun
day, June 1. the visitors from the sea
shore will meet last year's champions. -
The Pacific team having defeated the
Alameda eleven in the first game of the
season by a narrow margin, to-morrow's
contest will be of considerable interest.
At a recent meeting of the California
Cricket Association It ' was decided that
scores made ' In pennant matches only
should be reckoned in making ¦ up the
batting and bowling averages for the
present season. Pennant matches are the
only games included in the schedule,
and other matches vary more In their
conditions. In previous years some have
desired to include in the averages the re
sults of all matches played with the sanc
tion of the California Cricket Association,
while others have wished to exclude
matches played on trips to Lake County,
the Citrus colony and elsewhere. In out
side matches like these circumstances are
sometimes specially favorable to bowlers
and at other times to batsmen. Matches
such as banks and insurance men versus
all others, Australia versus the world.
Young America versus Old England, mar
ried versus single, and so on are played
to keep interest up in cricket, and in
them the players are not representing
their clubs. The adoption of the practice
of reckoning pennant matches only will
remove all ground for difference of opin
ion as to what matches should be includ
ed and what excluded.
The Alameda eleven will be selected
from the following: Arthur Dickenson,
A. E. J. Chivers. G. H. Ward, Harry
Bird. B. Bird, F. J. Croll, A. F. Stahl, W.
G. Fortmann, C. Banner, A. S. Willis, A.
Price, W. J. Richter, H. Ward Sr. and H.
W. Brown.
The second cricket match of the sea
son will take place to-morrow on the
ground at Webster street, Alameda, be
tween the Pacific and Alameda clubs. The
Pacific representatives will be H. C. Cas
idy (captain), C. P. Coles. A.' W. Wild
ing, J. J. Theobald. E. T. Langdale, D.
Jamieson, W. Petherick. F. Bennion, T.
J. A. Tiedemann, V. P. Sollom and B.
Kortlang.
sidered for Prizes for Best Bowl
ing and Batting Averages.
Only Pennant Matches Will Be Con-
ALAMEDA AiND PACIFIC
CEICKET TEAMS MEET
At least 100 men will be affected at the
outset, but should the building trades
make a fight of it there will be a general
tie-up in all the building lines. There are
more than sixty sub-contractors in the
association. . . .
Recently the Sub-contractors' Associa
tion adopted a resolution declaring that
any union painter who accepted work
fiom any owner of buildings or other
non-member of the association could not
expect to obtain further employment
from members of the association. The
Painters' Union protested that this;, de
cision was unjust, claiming that a paint
er should be allowed to accept work from
any man willing to pay union wages and
recognize union rules and hours or" labor.
Following this protest, the union painters
assert, a boss grainer, who was a mem
ber of the Sub-contractors' Association,
was directed to take the place of a grain
er belonging to the Painters' Union. The
painters regarded this as a slap at them,
and relations became so strained that they
finally considered that they had been put
on the "unfair list" by the Sub-contract
ors' Association and quit work.
. At this point the Building Trades Coun
cil, which practically embraces all of the
unions engaged in the various branches of
building, stepped into the breach as a de
fender of the painters. The Sub-contract
ors' Association requested the Building
Trades Council to order the painters back
to work by 1 o'clock this afternoon, but no
attention was paid to the request. To
night the sub-contractors decided to dis
charge all union men in their employ to
morrow.
SACRAMENTO, May 16.-Trouble be
tween the Sub-contractors' Association of
this city and the members of the score of
unions from which the association engages
labor was precipitated by the action . of
the association to-night in deciding to
discharge all union men to-morrow, pend
ing a settlement of existing difficulties.
The oraer is likely to bring on a severe
conflict, as both sides are powerful. Much
building is in progress here at present,
and to-morrow there will be a general
suspension of work.
Si>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
The story of Mrs. Klein's troubles is
a sad one. The woman was conducting
a restaurant business in St. Louis and
had accumulated a few thousand dollars.
A few weeks ago she gave employment to
a young waiter named Charles Mar«o.
Ehe fell in love with him and marriage
was agreed upon. Marco prevailed upon
her to send him to San Francisco to look
over the field for a chance to invest her
money. Immediately after his arrival he
telegraphed to her advising her to dis
pose of her business and join him.
Mrs. Klein came to the city and took
rooms at Mrs. Majors'. Her money pos
sessions amounted to $6800, which with
some jewelry she kept between the mat
tresses of her bed. On Monday after
noon last Marco, in returning to the
house, saw Mrs. Klein In another room
with the landlady. He made an excuse
to visit the sleeping-room, and as he did
not return Mrs. Klein went to Investi
gate. She found the bed in a disordered
condition and her money and jewelry
missing. Since them Marco has not been
seen. The police were notified, but so far
have been unable to learn of his where
abouts.
Mrs. Klein says she feels satisfied that
Ehe can easily convince the Commission
ers of her sanity. Regarding her future
she says she Is anxious and willing: to
earn a living and try to forget her mis
fortune.
Mary Klein, the elderly St. Louis widow
who was robbed of J6S00 in this city a
few days ago by a young waiter who she
expected to marry, was locked up in the
detention ward of the Central Kmergency
Hospital last night, pending an examina
tion as to her sanity.
. Early last night a telephone call was
received at the hospital from Mrs. Major
of 14ti Eddy street, at whose house Mrs.
Klein has been stopping, stating that she
desired to have a Hysterical woman re
moved from the house. A steward was
sent on the case, but as Mrs. Klein re
fused to be taken from her room and as
her condition did not warrant her re
moval, she was not disturbed.
The landlady, however, reported the
matter to the police. She said that Mrs.
KJein had been violent and had acted
in a manner that made her believe Mrs.
Klein contemplated suicide. Upon Mrs.
Major's promise to swear to a complaint
charging her with insanity the police re
moved Mrs. Klein to the Detention Hos
pitaL
When Questioned at the hospital Mrs.
Klein, far from showing any symptoms
of hysteria or of Insanity, talked in a
Quiet and rational manner. She declared
that Mrs. Majors, knowing that she was
temporarily without means, desired to
get rid of her and had resorted to un
pleasant methods. Since her troubles had
been told in the- newspapers, Mrs. KJein
says, small sums have been sent to her
by charitable persons and alleges that
Mrs. Majors has held them for her cwn
use.
Landlady Causes Her Arrest
and Will Swear to
Complaint.
Work on New Buildings in
the Capital to Be Sus
pended To-Day.
Sacramento's Sub-Con
tractors Precipitate
a Conflict.
as Insane.
Woman Who Was Rob
bed by Waiter Held
THIEF'S VICTIM
IS IN HOSPITAL
WILL DISCHARGE
ALL UNION MEN
Ceremony Will Be Performed. Tq-Night by the Rev.
J. Fueridel ing, Pastor of St. Mark's Chii rch, at
the Home of Bride's Parents, Sanchez- Street
PRETTY MAE GOETZE TO BECOME
THE HELPMEET OF A. W. LEHRKE
WOULD CONNECT
THE TWO CABLES
KAISER GIVES
US A STATUE
German Emperor Will
Send a Valuable
Bronze G"ft.
Plan to Put San Fran
cisco on the New Zaa
land LiinG.
Figure of Frederick the
Great to Adorn National
Capital.
Fanning Island May Be Union
Station for Britain and
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced: Postoffice
established : Washington— Monitor, Chelan
County. Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—Lefevre Webster, Ventura; Ore
gon—Frederick Snyder, Yainax: Washing
ton—John O. Wilson, Cosmopolis; George
E. Bast, Monitor. 1 Appointed: California—
E. S. Pickard, Adin, Modoc County, vice
L: G. McDowell, resigned; Washington—
E. S. Parks, Fort Steilacoom, Pierce
County, vice M. C. Goddard, resigned; F.
S. Royers Westport, Chehalis County,
vice E. A.' Bacon, resigned.
These pensions .were granted: California
—Original— Charles F. Ropp, Veterans'
Home, Napa, ', $8; increase— Lyman L.
Lewis. Red Bluff, $12; Henry C. Rice, Los
Angelas, $8; James. E.McClellan, Fresno,
$12; James Beard, Laytonville, $8; Charles
Wells, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12;
Samuel Blnkley, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$12; Edmund Hlggins, Soldiers* Home, Los
Angeles, $12; William L. Sperry, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $8; Jeremiah Hennen, May
field, $12; Charles S. Wilson, Newman,
$24; widows— Sarah M. Hawks, San Fran
cisco, $8; Amelia A. Bradley, Glendora,
$8; Julia M. Purdy, Artesia, $8.
Oregon— Increase, rest reissue, etc.—
Adam Milner, Corvallis, $8; Wallace B.
McNeil, Drain, $8; -original, widows, etc.—
Josephine Plattner, Gervals, $8.
Washragton— Original — John Conner, Or
ting, $6; increase, rest, issue, etc.— Dexter
H. Legate, Seattle, $8.
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Hugo A. Wahl will go from Fort
Strong, Mass., to his home, San Francisco,
for an annulment of contract. First Lieu
tenants Elmer A. Dean and Benjamin J.
Edger Jr., assistant surgeons, are ordered
from the Philippines to San Francisco.
Lieutenant Colonel John E. Osborne is
transferred from the Eighth Infantry to
the Seventh Infantry and will join that
portion of his regiment serving in the
Department of California, Second Lieu
tenant William Paterson, artillery, is or
dered from ' Fort Slocum, N. Y., to join
his company at . Alcatraz Island, Califor
nia. •.¦¦¦• . ¦ ¦ '
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in tlie Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President Roosevelt replied, Thursday,
May 15, thanking Emperor William heart
ily in the name of the United States and
saying he would, lay the matter \ before
Congress immediately. President Roose
velt's reply, which was sent in German,
is translated as follows:
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.
Emperor William, Wiesbaden: 1 highly ap
preciate your great, friendly offer. I thank you
heartily therefor in the name of the United
States. I will submit it Immediately to Con
gress. It will, no doubt, be to the great pleas
ure of our people to receive from your hands
a statue of the famous ruler and soldier, one
of the greatest men of all times, Frederick the
Great, and it is especially appropriate that the
statue should be erected in the city of Wash
ington, the capital of the republic, upon the
birth of which he. looked with such friendly
interest. ..."
For this new proof of ¦ your friendly feelings
toward our country I thank you in the name ot
the United States. Your, gift will surely be
considered here as a new evidence of the friend
ship existing between the two nations. We
hope and believe that this friendship in the
coming years will j become still stronger. It is
a hopeful sign for the welfare of all mankind
that in the beginning- of the century the Ameri
can and German people are working together in
a sense of happy friendship.
I am' still under the deep Impression created
by the splendid and cordial reception of my
brother, Prince Henry, by the citizens of the
United States of America. In speeches with
which he. was greeted the fact was often men
tioned that my ancestor, Frederick the Great,
maintained a friendly attitude toward the young
American republic during the course or her
formation, thereby laying the cornerstone of
the friendly relations which have always ex
isted between our two countries.
The example set to me. by the great King I
intend to follow. I wish to commemorate the
visit of Prince Henry by a gift to the people
of America, which I request you to accept in
their name. I intend to present a statue, in
bronze, of Frederick the Great to the United
States to be erected in Washington, on a place
which you will kindly choose. May this. gift
be looked upon as a lasting sign of the intimate
relations which have been successfully fostered
and developed between bur. two great' nations.
WILLIAM. I. K.
WIESBADEN, Hesse-Nassau, May 16.—
The German Emperor on Wednesday, May
14/ telegraphed as follows to the President
of the .United States at Washington:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 16.— According
to news brought by the Miowera to-day,
efforts are being made in New Zealand to
have the proposed American Pacific cable
connect with the British cable at Fanning
Island. The proposal came from Mr.'Dick
inson, engineer for the Commercial Pa
cific Cable Company, and was made to the
New Zealand Government. In all inter
view given at Wellington, N. Z., before
the Miowera left, Sir Joseph Ward of.
New Zealand said that as far as his Gov
ernment was concerned it would look with
favor on the proposal. It' is, however,
doubtful, if Australia and Canada, who
are large sharers in the cost of the Brit
ish ' cable, would accede to the arrange
ment. At the " time the Miowera sailed
from Honolulu, Dickinson wa3 there, en
gaged in locating a site for the landing of
the American cable. . \
Among the Mlowera's passengers were
Messrs. Lucas and Taylor of the Pacific
cable board, who are on their way to
London to Join the cable ship Colonia,
shortly to leave there for Victoria to com
mence , laying the Canadian end of the
cable. They left the cable ship Anglla at
Suva after having completed the cable
from Brisbane to that point. About .2300
miles of cable were laid and during tne
work the Anglia was tossed by a heavy
cyclone which rendered the work double
difficult. • The Anglia is now en route
from Suva to London for a fresh supply
of cable.
MOB ATTACKS MEMBEBS
OF I«AB0K. FEDERATION
San Juan in Porto Bico the Scene of
a Disturbance Over
Politics.
SAN JUAN, P. K., May 16.— As a result
of a clash between Las Turbas and mem
bers of the Labor Federation, a score of
revolver shots -were fired last night in the
principal streets here. One man was
wounded by a bullet and many persons
were cut or beaten, but there was no loss
Las Turbas ("the mob") is a political
organization which is in the habit of or
ganizing attacks on its political enemies.
Parties of soldiers from the West In
dian (colored) regiment made a sortie
from the camp and attacked people in the
streets with razors lashed to sticks. The
civilians used nail-studded clubs. Numbers
on both sides were injured. The riot was
quelled by military pickets and the police.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 16.— A riot
occurred here last night between soldiers
and civilians, in which twenty of the pop
ulace were wounded.
Used by an Infuriated
Soldiery.
TWENTY-ONE WOUNDED
IN A KINGSTON BIOT
Uazors Lashed to Sticks the Weapons
•' -¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦.¦•¦'¦. .-.'¦•¦.¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SA TURD A T,' MAY 17, 1902.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
A touch is enough for
cleanliness. That is why-
Pears' soap lasts so.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
Established over xoo years.
Dr. Talcott & Co.
Our successful methods originated
¦with and are known only to our phy-
sicians. We treat men only and give
special attention to Varicoceie. Conta-
gious Blood Disease. Acute and Chronic
Urethral and Prostatlc Inflammations.
. Consultation free. .No charge for treat-
ing any case we do not cure. Colored
chart of the organs at office or sealed
by mail. . Home cures a specialty.
We toill remove to our new and larger
o fieri. U10 Market street, June 1st. L
997 Market St., cor. Sixth, 6. F.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Glean . Fuel for Grates, Fur-
- : naces andiCooking.
There Is no fuel that will compare with coke.
Delivered In any quantity. Country ord«ra
solicited. P. A. MCDONALD. 8X3 FoUom st.
j OCEAN TRAVEL.
ffamburg-Jbmericai).
TWIIf -SCREW .EXPRESS- SERVICE.
I PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
F. Bismarck.... May 29IA. Victoria... ..June 17
Columbia .June 5|F. Bismarck June 26
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania . . May 27 1 Vic. Luise . June 10
Pretoria .......June 7|MoItks June 10
HamburjJ-Arnerienn Line. 37 B'way, N. Y.
HKRZOG & CO., General Asrents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California St.. San Francisco.
¦
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And j Cia Slid Americana de Vapores
To : Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m. •¦---.¦
GUATEMALA.. May 17ICOLOMBIA ...June 21
PALENA .....May 3l|TUCAPEL .....July —
'•Thesa steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.), Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. -
COHPASMIS GENEHALE '. THANBATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -2. *
Sailing every Thursday, instead of {ffiffl^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. » nMnrni
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. SeconJ
class to Havre, - $45 and upward. - OENERAli
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. P. FUQAZI, & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by ¦ all Railroad Ticket, Agent*.
AMERICAN L.1ICB.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON.. LONDON.
Philadel.May 28, 10 am St. Louis. June 11. 10am
St. Paul.. June 4. 10 am Phlladel.Juna 18 10 am
RBL STAR LINE.
HEW .YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Kenslngn.May 28. noon] Friesland. June 11. noon
Zeeland. ..Juna 4, noonl3outh.wrk.Juno I8,noon
: INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. ; i
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgora'y at.
TAUTE'S CELEBY COMPOTjyp.
The Kind of Work Done by
PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
Mrs. Mary Hickey, of South Sodna,
N. Y., Had Rheumatism
So Bad She Conld Not Walk.
Had to Be Wheeled Ahont the
House in an Invaid's
Chair.
The Use of the Never-Dis-
appointing Rheumatism
Banisher Cured Her.
True merit, prompt and effective re-
sults, and astonishing cures have given
Paine's Celery Compound a position on
the highest round of the ladder of fame.
Paine's Celery Compound 13 to-day the
only spring medicine asked for and
bought by thoughtful and discerning peo-
ple. For the treatment of serious dis-
eases, such as rheumatism, neuralgia, ner-
vous disorders and blood troubles, Paine's
Celery Compound has no equal.
The credit of Paine's Celery Compound
has advanced to such a high eminence
that among- the millions who use it we
find the names of millionaires, bankers,
; professional men, -wealthy merchants and
women of note. ' All have made it their
chosen remedy for the cure of chronic
diseases and for the banishment of the
little ailments that often make life miser-
able.
Paine's Celery Compound, in the opin-
ion of the leading druggists and physi-
cians, has displaced nearly all the com-
mon advertised medicines of the day. This
great work has been accomplished only
by merit and genuine cures. Rheumatism,
neuralgia and nervous disorders take
flight in springtime when Paine's Celery
Compound Is used for a time. Why delay
the work of health building when such
a life-sriver Is within your reach? Test
its efficacy this very day.
Mrs. Hickey, happy and grateful for the
astonishing results derived from Paine's
Celery Compound, new nerve fiber, nerve
force, fresh energy and vitality, writes
us:
"For nearly thirty years I have beei« an
invalid, caused by that terrible disease,
rheumatism. For six years I could not
walk without the help of friends. All
my joints were stiff, and I had to be
wheeled about the house in an invalid's
chair. Physicians' medicines,' baths, etc.,
were all in vain, but Paine's Celery Com-
pound practically cured me, and I am
i now able to walk around and do my
housework." . "_ '
rtvo Pnit.tn Roods with Diamond Dye cotton
UfC UUUUU co i or3- ¦yviil not crock or imnt
OCEAU TRAVEL. : : V *'
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. - . .' . Steamer* leave Broadway
eS)^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
iroroSifc- For Ketchllcan. Juneau.
ftSSC^Sfcfc. Skagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a,
K?*MS5*»^ m.. May 11. 16. 21. 26. 31.
BgS^wawl J"n« S. Change to com-
i H58riW*3ll pany's steamers at Seattle.
j /^CHffEitll For Victoria. Vancouver.
¦*¦ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom—
11 a. m. May 11. 18. 21. 26. 31. June 5. Chang*
at Seattle to this Company' » steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. By. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver tt> C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. ra..
May (1". t7, 22. 27. June 1.
For Lo» Angeles (via Port Los Angelw aad
Redondo); San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Bail
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayncos. San Luis Oblipo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Huenema an*
•Newport (*Bonlta only).
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. Juna T.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. May 10. 18. 28. June 3.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th eada
month. • .
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TICK!FT TFFTCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DTJNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San FranelscOb
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
NOME"™
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR ......9 P. M-. JTTNBJ 1
VALENCIA :...» P. M.. JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OP PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-
spectlvely, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamshlos Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without lo««.
mishap or delay.. Forpassenger rates and Nome
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco. .
O.R.&N.CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to Al!
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, tb
LOWEST XiJ^TJUS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and MeaiS,
SS: COLUMBIA Sails... May 23. Juna 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
... : May IS. 28, June 7. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo).. Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
¦ailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU..., Friday, May 9th. 1903
ES. AMERICA MARU .........71.
Wednesday, June 4th 1903
ES. HONGKONG MARU
................Saturday. June 2Sth. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVAUtr. General Agent.
Oceanics.s.cOo SSS
SS. VENTURA. for'KonMulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 22. 10 a. ra.
S3.' ALAMEDA. lor Honolulu .. ...77.
' Saturday, May 31. 2 p. ra.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. ..............
'• Sunday. June 9. 10 a. ra.
L L SPBECIELS s bboi CO., General Azti, 329 Mamt
Gen'l Pass. Cfflcs, 643 Mattel sl, Pta Ha. 7. Facile St.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMESS*.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamen GEN. .FRISBIE or MONTICELLO.
i 0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day.' Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo ? a. m.. 12:30 noon. « p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare M
cents. - Telephone Main 1308. Landiag and
office, pier 2. , Miss ion- street dock. HATCH
BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ftH5S3^ 4 U ~~ p a e o o d,
it K ti— . ,l—« &h '"¦ell built,
durable
T a a> trunk, al!
v* 8 -"""""^ heavy brass
trimminKE, 2
extra treys; an excellent value for
$9 50; our special price $7.OO
Alligator Bags
ety. We carry wtt^££*\itv
no shoddy or \iB£z22Z2±J.
cheaply made
rooas. but the best obtainable for
the money. Prices for genuine Alli-
gator bags range from. . ..*-.."»<» up
Furniture and house-
hold goods on credit if
you like*
123-130 Ellis St., above Powell.
ERUSA
Cures Piles, or $5O Forfeited.
No Mercury op Opiates.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAHNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. , KING. WARD it
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to Jl 00 day.
$5 to Jb week; $8 to (20 month. Free baths:
tot and cold water every room; fire crates In
•very room; elevator run* all night.
greatest Nerve and Stood Test ie
No. 2. Una: 'Sa. ' -"Sa/'jXa '-.' vHfis^-
\ I Have givcu personal laspectloa to theworkiny of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
isnst say that It entirely meets ¦with nsy professional sanction. '- ., - 1-
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College. . .
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter bow longr standis*. • Any ca»e of Inflammation of the Blad\
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients have been for years forced to use
& catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE.* AKYXIASE OP DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vig-or and
vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting-. Will cure any case »f
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Yarlcocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerons Germa. '.¦.•:- • >. ¦ ¦ . ¦:.
-In addition to the above, M.I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Atasia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves. - • .•..-•
M. I. S. T. has been on the marketfor over 20 years, and has cured thousands of stiff-
> erers.-. It is prescribed by leading' physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
Ff$%*?\ Fj5S| gyaa absolutely safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of tlr
eyS eCT W-r, heart. If you are suffering: from any chronic disease yon are urged I
KJWfjfc pSa f&ia write to us, no mattar how raanv doctors or kinds of medicines yon
H B Bw ifai have Uled without relief.^ "WE GUARANTEE TO CURB YOU.
. . ~ ¦¦¦¦ ¦™™ That you auj judge of the Talne of the Great Specific for yourself,
V ',' '« ""x ¦'-*•¦¦ r wewilleandyott one week •« treatment by mail FREE. Write confi«
aeatially to oar medical department, givinjr symptoms. . $1 per box, or six boxes for 55. ¦¦
Address M. h S. T. Co., Toledo, 0,SACRAMENTO, May 16.— The attend
ance was unusually large at the tennis
courts to-day to see the match between
the Porter brothers of Woodland and
Pope and Lumbard of Sacramento for the
championship in doubles of Northern Cal
ifornia. Both teams were in good condi
tion. By good lobbing and steady playing
Pope and Lumbard got the first set— 8-6.
In the second' set the Sacramento team
kept up Its steady gait and won by a
score of 6-3. Everything seemed to be go-
Ing Sacramento's way in the third set,
but the Porter brothers steadied down and
won out— 6-4. The next two sets also went
to the Woodland men, thus giving them
the Noack trophy for the second time.
The match was very close throughout and
one of the best ever played for the North
ern California championship. -The final
score was 6-8. 3-6, 6-4. 6-2. The cup will now
remain in Woodland for one year more.
Pape and Lombard of
Sacramento.
Retain the Noack Cup by Defeating
PORTER BROTHERS STILL
THE TEHNIS CHAMPI0N3
Late Shipping Intelligence.
:/, - DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA — Sailed , May 16— Stmr City of
Puebla. for Seattle; stmr EUhu Thomson, for
Vancouver; stmr ' Robert Dollar, for' Seattle;
Br shlD Flnsral, for tiueenstown. •».- . ¦ ,
SEATTLE— Balled May 16— Stmr Despatch,
for Fairhaven; itmr Robert Dollar, for What
com. . ¦ !.' • , ¦ -. ¦ '•' - : ' ¦-¦.;" - ' . •;
Arrived May 16— Launches Totem and Sylph.
• from Columbia' River. ..¦--'•-¦
ASTORIA— Arrived May 16-^Schr John A,
from- San Francisco.. ¦ •:' -i? -<j ; J •.
; ;;*'PGEAN;,STEAMERS< ".:•.•.':- ',} .
ANTWERP-^Arrivcd ' May- 14^-gttnr]' Swita
erland, from Philadelphia. " '•' ¦ ¦-¦¦^¦u
HAMBURG— Arrived May. 16— Stmr Moltke.
from New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
HAVRE— Arrived- May 1&— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from New. York. ...- • .- ¦ ,¦ ¦¦ ¦ :
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May . 16 — Stmr Syl
vanta, from "Boston. .--.:.-¦¦• ,. , ,.:....
• Sailed May 15— Stmr Merlon, for Boston. .
MO VILLE— Bailed May 16— Stmr .Ionian,
from LiverDOOl, for Mnotreal.v •
• GIBRALTAR— Sailed May 16-^-Stmr Neckar,"
from Nanles. 1 for New York. . .-..:• -. - ¦_ ¦-...
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed May, 16— Stmr
Fuerst I Bismarck, - from | Hamburg, l| for New
York, via Cherbourg. ¦ .-- - , .- -.- . ; ¦. .
• CHERBOURG— Sailed May 16— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, ¦¦< from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New York. ;. v "i ./ :• - . ¦ ..
3 QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May, 16— Stmr Lu
cania, from New. York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded; stmr Celtic, from; New. York, "for Liv
erpool, and proceeded. i-f> *•,-?,.¦*, : :-¦„•(, /=j-"
• GENOA — Arrived March • 16 — Stmr^
ver, from Boston,* for Naplet and Alexandria.
NEW YORK— Arrived, May- 16— Stmr Cam
pania, from ,- Liverpool ; stmr : Norse, from
Copenhagen and Chrlstianla; stmr Auguste Vic
toria, " from Hamburg, .. Southampton and ¦ Cher
bourg. ' •- i . ¦ '?'»i— '-*!*!»ftpaA»8»«7$
»: K1NSALE — Passed '•- May 16— Stmr ' Celtic,
formiNew York, for Liverpool. - ;
Divorces were also granted yesterday to
Jchn Otis Brown from Eliza E. Brown for
desertion and Emma Kohn from Benla
min Kohn for neglect. '•. Suits , for divorce
were, filed . by Herman; Apple against
Emma Apple for desertion - and Sadie E
Meyer ,against George A. Meyer for cru
elty. \ • ' .
Anna M. Smith was granted, a divorce
from Charles A. Smith by Judge Graham
yesterday. Desertion is the alleged cause
Mrs. Smith is the plaintiff In a suit for
$50,000 damages against Florence Smith
her cousin, who.- she alleges alienated
her husband's affections.
In the Divorce Courts.
HOLMES' CASE 'IS "APPEALED.— An ap
peal was taken yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court In the case of Howard C. Holmes
vs. the • State : Board pi Harbor. Commissioners.
And Colonial ."styles of /picture frames in
gold, some admire j the quaint shapes in
Flemish, old Dutch and ebony; but all
who have seen our stock agree that we
have the prettiest, t moBt varied and most
reasonably priced picture frames ever
seen in San Francisco. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market ¦ street. ; . ; ;„ :" ; i •
Some Prefer "the Oval
The testimonial benefit tendered to Miss
Annette Marshall packed .the Central
Theater last night. Miss " Marshall has
been the leading lady at the Central The
ater, for some time, and .from her Initial
bow to a San Francisco audience installed
herself a favorite. Her popularity 'was
fully attested by the warm reception
given her last night. Many floral offer
ings were handed, over the footlights to
the charming beneficiary — enough, in fact
to completely fill the foyer of the theater'
Besides the eight-act drama "The
World," which was presented by the Cen
tral Theater company, a number of spe
cialties were introduced. ; The show was
run as a continuous performance : the
specialties being introduced "between cur
tains." Among the specialties Introduced
were Myrtle Dingwall and Ernest Young
Indian war dance; Montague Barton' toe
dance; Eunice Gilman, Dutch specialty
Marie Nichols, Chinese song; Elsie Wah
llcht, American dance; Juliet Maher. g-ay
ety dance, and Hobart . Cavanaugh, bal
lads. •.. i:'.'iZ ¦: .. * :" .
If the warrant had been Issued Coro
ner • Leland would s have ' been compelled
under the Penal Code to have served it
upon the Sheriff— a rather unusual pro
ceeding for a Coroner.
, Ed Lawton, an inspector of the Board
of Public Works, applied to Warrant and
Bond Clerk Fltzpatrick yesterday for a
warrant for the arrest of Sheriff Lack'
mann on the charge of obstructing the
streets.: Lawton stated that by. order of
the Sheriff a large quantfty of rubbish
had - been deposited In | front of a house
on-Fell street, near Polk, caused by the
ejectment of an old man who occupied
the basement, and it was lying there and
obstructing the street.
FitzpaMck demurred to issuing the
warrant, as the,. Sheriff's duty ceased
when the ejectment was effected and It
was not his fault if the rubbish was al
lowed to remain' in the street. Lawton
was insistent, and ..Fitzpatrick consulted
District Attorney Byington,- who agreed
with him, and' the warrant was not is
sued.' . ¦ • '¦¦¦'. ¦ ¦ •; ¦ : ¦• ;
WANTS SHERIFF, ARRESTED
FOR- OBSTHUCTINQ STREET
¦The argument onthe motion of Attor
ney Archie Campbell to dismiss the case
of William E.' O'Donnell, charged with an
assault upon Thomas Garrett, took place
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday after
noon. After hearing Attorney Campbell
and Attorney Peter F. Dunne, special
counsel for the prosecution, on the ques
tion of constructive participation, the
Judge said he would examine the author
ities quoteu and give his decision Tuesday
morning. , " . v '•
O'Donn ell Motion Is Argued.
POPULAR LEADING LADY •
GIVEN FAREWELL BENEFIT
Snowdrop (soprano). Miss May Belle Rother;
Dwarf Tom (contralto). Miss Elizabeth Price;
Narrator, Mls« Gertrude Taber; Planistes,
Misses Bmalley and Graeter; chorus — Misses
Rother, Taber, Gladding, Gillis, Price; director.
Professor Herman Genss. . . . -
Two spring eon^s, trios for female voices
(Bargiel); (a) "Gone By," (b) "In Spring,"
Misses Rother, Taber, Gladding, Gillis, Price;
mazourka, B fiat, for piano (Godard), Miss
Lois Augusta Gladding; two songs for soprano
(Brahms); (a) "Feldelnsamkeit." (b) "Liebes
treu." Miss May Belie Rother: tarantelle. "Ve
nezia e Napoli," for piano (Liszt), Miss Louise
Victoria Smalley: two duets for soprano and
alto (Rubinstein); (a) "Wanderer's Song," (b)
"The Angel," Misses Rother and Price; Spanish
duet for piano (Moszkowski), Misses Smalley
and Gladdins.
Those who took part In the cantata of
"Little Snowdrop" were:
The programme was as follows
The concert of the Conservatory of
Music of the Irving Institute drew a large
crowd to Golden Gate Hall last night.
Miss Louise Victoria Smalley's rendering
of tarantelle "Venezia e Napoli." for
piano, by Liszt, together with the cantata
of "Little Snowdrop," a fairy tale, com
posed by Carl Relnecke, with accompany
ing words by W. Te Grove, the English
version by Rev. J. Troutbeck, M.A., were
the features of the evening.
Music Receive the Plaudits of
Their Friends.
Members of the Conservatory of
IRVTUG .INSTITUTE GIVES
AN EXCELLENT CONCERT
A. B. McCREERY ADDS
TO MTTNTPICENT OUT
The Public Library Trustees have made
official announcement that it is the senti
ment of the board that the new branch
library, which Is to be built with the do
nation of Mr. McCreery, should be placed
on a lot on the west side of Sixteenth
street, between Noe and Sanchez, which
Is owned by the city. In order that the
wish of Mr. McCreery that no time be
lost in constructing the branch library
may be gratified, the building committee,
consisting of P. N. Lilllenthal, John H.
Wise and Ralph C. Harrison, together
with Dr. R. E. Taylor, president of the
board was given instructions to present
plans at an early date.
A. B. McCreery called upon Mayor
Schmltz yesterday and offered to add
$5000 to his already munificent gift of
$25,000 for a new library. The Mayor's in
terest in the matter appealed to McCreeiy
so forcibly that he at once added still
another' $5000, making in all a gift of
$35,000. McCreery intends that the li
brary shall not only be useful to the citi
zens, but an ornament to the Mission dis
trict, where it is intended it shall ba
erected.
Makes Further Donation of $10,000
for New Library in the
Mission.
QUARREL COSTS HIM HOME .
AND PROSPECTIVE BRIDE
Unfortunate Wooing of Ezekiel House
Leads to Much Liti
gation.
SAN JOSE, May 16.— The story of court
ship and troubles of Mrs. C. A. Warthen
and Kzeklel House, well-known residents
near' Gllroy, is recalled by an answer filed
in an ejectment suit in the Superior Court
to-day. They live near each other and a
few years ago were engaged to be mar
ried. In his ardent wooing House deeded
his home to Mrs. Warthen. . The place
consists of forty acres and is worth about
$6000. They quarreled before the wedding
day. Mrs. Warthen then brought suit to
eject House from- the place. He fought
the case and claimed the deed was only
conditional on her agreement to marry
and as she had failed to do so he asked
that' the instrument be set aside. Now
Mrs. Warthen claims that the deed wad
absolute and that the land Is no more
than of sufficient value to serve as a balm
for the trifling with her affections. Each
blames the other for the disruption in
their , love : affair. Both have been mar
ried and have families of children.
A conference meeting of the labor
unions, to make final preparations for at
tending the Irish Fair, will be held to
morrow forenoon at 10 o'clock at Metro
politan HaU. -^ctro
Notwithstanding the many counter at
tractions, the art gallery, where many
famous paintings are on exhibition; the
I'.useum, with its collection of wonderful
freaks, and the map of Ireland, where one
can 6tudy the topography of the Emerald
Isle, were well patronized.
Limerick and Monaghan booths, which
are two of the most popular booths at the
lair, also rendered very enjoyable pro
grammes, which attracted large crowds.
Their programmes consisted of dances
ynd vocal and instrumental music.
Before the programme was begun, how
ever, the club, with about 500 members in
Cne, and with fifty couples dressed in
¦white in the vanguard, paraded about the
iiall, making a pretty spectacle.
The feature of last night's programme
at the Irish Fair was the very picturesque
entertainment given by the Gaelic Danc
ing Club. Since the commencement of the
lair the Irish Dance Hall which is under
the management of this club has proved
troet popular. Every night the hall has
been crowded with visitors desiring to see
the Irish jigs and reels executed by the
graceful dancers in costume. Last night
the dancing club held its programme of
dances on the platform on the main floor
< f the Pavilion.
Irish Fair.
of Jigs and Reels at
Popular Society Gives Programme
"Waldesgruss" (Salutations to . the Forest)
(Abt), Arion Male Chorus; "Hebraeische Melo
dien" (Joachim), viola solo, Herr Benat Jaulus;
"Am Ort, Wo Melne Wlege Stand" (The Place
Where ' My Cradle Stood) (Handwerg), Arlon
Male Chorus; (a) "All-Souls' Day" (Ole Bull),
(b) "Traumerei" (Schumann), Jaulus String
Orchestra; (a) "Um Mitternacht," (b) "Trink
lled," (c) "Wanderlied" (Frederick Zech Jr.),
Arlon -Male' Chorus; "Morlre" arie (Patlni),
Miss Florence Boston, violin, obligato, Mlsu
Laura Taylor; (a) '"Altniedlandisches Lied"
(Old Netherlands Song) (Kremser), (b) "Old
Folks 'at Home," arranged s (Von Neidllnger),
Arlon Male Chorus: (a) "Barcarole," (b)
"Etude" (Rubinstein), piano solo,' Herr Paul
Scholz; "Im Wald'" (In the Forest) (Leu),
Arion Male Chorus."
Native Sons' Hall was packed last night,
the occasion being the last concert to be
given by the Verein Arlon. .
Tho rendering- of the various numbers
by the male. chorus was magnificent, and
especial mention must be made of "Old
Folks : at Home," which brought down the
house; Patini's ; "Morire," sung by Miss
Florence Boston, violin- obligato by Miss
Laura Taylor, was very pleasing.
The programme was as follows:
GAELIC DANCING CLUB
DELIGHTS LARGE CROWD
Attorney Collins contended that the
evidence was insufficient to warrant the
holding of the defendant, and he also
cited authorities to show that the plead*
ings in the case were improperly drawn.
Collins reviewed the testimony taken in
the Police Court, and said that Lauder
bach, a Post-street merchant, who is the
prosecution's principal- witness, was un*
able to say that Hansted committed the
assault, or that the two men Hansted
was talking to before the occurrence beat
Garrett. He also, said that Witness
Markus testified. in the Police Court that
he saw Hansted prevent the men from
Inflicting further injury on Garrett.
In replying Attorney Dunne cited many
cases to prove that the pleadings were
perfect, and argued that there was suf
ficient evidence to hold Hansted.
Fred Hansted, the alleged assailant of
Thomas Garrett, appeared before Judge
Sloss yesterday seeking release on a writ
of habeas corpus. Peter F. Dunne, spe
cial prosecutor employed by Garrett, and
Attorney George D. Collins, representing
Hansted, argued at length, after which
Judge Sloss took the case under advise
ment. • . •
VEREIN ARIOIT GIVES
;LAST CONCERT OF SEASON
FRED HANSTEiyS CASE
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
To-night the festivities, which will con
tinue for aC week, began with a banquet
in honor of Governor General Wood and
the other American officers, ¦ given by the
veterans of the wars for Cuban inde
pendence. General Maximo Gomez, for
mer commander In chief of the Cuban
army and the idol of the Cuban people,
presided. At his right sat Governor Gen
eral Wood and at his left Senor Palma.
Next to President Palma sat William J
Bryan. Gonzales J. Quesada, formerly
Cuban commissioner in Washington, acted
as toastmaster.
HAVANA, j May 16. — President-elect
Palma to-night announced his Cabinet
as follows: Diego Tamayo (Nationalist),
Secretary of Government; a . new port
folio. He will have charge of the rural
guard, sanitation, the administration of
the postofnees and signal service. Carlos
Zaldo (Republican-Autonomist), Depart
ment of State and Justice; Emilio Terry
(Independent), Department of Agricul
ture; Manuel Luciano Diaz (Nationalist).
Department of Public Works; Eduardo
Yero (Nationalist), Department of In
struction; Garcia Montes (Republican),
Department of Finance.
Navy— Lieutenant John B. Bernadou, to
be lieutenant commander. Lieutenants
junior grade, to be lieutenants— Charles
S. Bookwalter and W. S. Turpin. Assist
ant paymaster— Charles W. Penrose, to be
assistant paymaster.
John Gardener Coolidge, Massachusetts,
secretary of the legation at Peking,
China; Dewey C- Bailey, United States
Marshal, District of Colorado; William H.
Code of Arizona, Indian inspector.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The President
to-day sent to the Senate the nominations
of Herbert i Goldsmith i Squlers of. New
York to be Envoy Extraordinary and Min
ister Plenipotentiary to the republic of
Cuba, and Edward S. Bragg of Wisconsin
Consul General at Havana..-
Other nominations were made as fol
lows: ¦
the Senate by the
President.
Xame of a New Yorker Is Sent to
SQTJTERS NOMINATED
MINISTER TO CUBA
It- is not shown that defendants compelled
the manufacturers of malt in this city toagree
to refuse, tp sell malt to any obe not a member
of the Brewers' Protective Association or that
the manufacturers of malt did make any such
agreement. The purpose of the acts of the
Brewers' ' Association appears, to . have been
merely a' desire to prevent the plaintiff -from
selling beer at a price less than the price at
which the. defendants iwere.: selling,' not tosruln
plaintiff or to compel It to abide by all the
terms of the agreement of June ' 24. "Without
considering the question whether. In this State
an act in itself lawful can 'become- unlawful
because done by the combination of two or
more persons, in, pursuance of an illegal .pur
pose. I think the effort by one engaged in a
certain line of trade to prevent the continuance
in such trade of another who is carrying on
business in a manner deemed by the flrat to be
detrimental to him is not ' the . pursuit of ' an
unlawful purpose.
In his decision Judge Sloss says:
Judge Sloss decided yesterday that the
Brewers' Protective Association has not
conspired against the Columbia Brewing
Company for the purpose of ruining the
business of the firm named. The .brew
ing company brought suit against the as
sociation for an injunction . restraining
the association from compelling the malt
sters of this city to refuse furnishing th&
plaintiff with/the wherewithal to make
beer., A conspiracy on' the part of .the
members of the association was alleged.
When Clerc reached Morne Rouge, dis
tant from. St. Pierre about six miles 'he
looked back and to his horror saw a
huge mass of slate colored stones and
ashes burst from Mont Pelee and tumble
down on St. Pierre. This was immediate
ly followed by a great wall of flame,
which seemed to rise and topple over on
the doomed town. The whole thing lasted
not more than two minutes. So sharply
defined was the wall of flame that a bull
caught on the edge of Its track was
roasted to a crisp on one side and not a
hair of the animal was singed on the
other.
As Clerc and his family were leaving St.
Pierre he saw Mr. Prentis, the American
Consul, standing in front of his house
with Mrs. Prentis. Mr. Clerc called out
to Prentis, and warned him to flee the
city at once, but the Consul only laughed
and waved his hand as he answered:
"Oh, there is no dauger. Don't be afraid."
pany with Ferdinand Clerc, a mil
lionaire and the Mayor of Trinite, I trav
eled to-day sixty miles through the north
ernand eastern part of Martinique. We
journeyed in carriages and had relays of
horses. .We are the first people from Fort
de France in this district since the erup
tion of Mont Pelee. I am now at Ste
Marie, forty-five kilometers (about twen
ty-eight miles) north of Fort de France.
All day long we met refugees making
their way toward Fort de France. They
were all filled with terror lest Mont Pelee
again pour out a death-dealing avalanche
of fire, or some new eruption take place
from what are now inactive volcanoes.
Mayor Clerc is the only person I have
been able to find who was in St. Pierre on
the morning the city was overwhelmed,
saw the eruption and lived to tell the tale.
He tells me that at 7 o'clock on the morn
ing of May 8 he noticed the rumblings
from Mont Pelee were more pronounced
than they had been up to that time. The
barometer in his house fluttered violently,
and he at once ordered his servants* to
harness mules to his carriages and pre
pare for flight. Clerc took his wife and
four children with him and hastened from
the city. He advised all his friends to
hasten away also, but his advice was dis
regarded by them. He left behind him at
his house twenty-eight of his friends who
had gathered there at his call and whom
he advised to get away as quickly as they
could.
m TEW YORK, May 16.— A World spe
/V( cial from Ste. Marie, Martinique,
•*• " via Fort de France, says: In com-
Carpenters' Union No.: 22 met at 1133
Mission street last night, but aside from
an informal discussion of the situation
nothing of importance was done. In
quiries for information were met with
the response that there was nothing to
make public.
.The Labor Council, with which -the
brotherhood unions are affiliated, met last
night, but contrary to expectation no ac
ticn as to the quarrel of the carpenters
was' taken. This is regarded as an indi
cation that the council is satisfied with
the situation . and that no necessity for
action in the premises at this time exists.
The brotherhood -carpenters* are- now
confident of winning their fight, and say
that the situation has passed the acute
stage. It is believed that a compromise
will be effected and that the Build
ing Trades Council will be the ' first to
quit. The agents of that body have re
ported to their chief tha.t the orders to
men to quit are being generally ignored
now that the contractors have clearly
defined their position in the fight. So long
as it was possible to secure the co-opera
tion of the contractors the McCarthy men
felt certain of winning, but now that this
has been refused, the situation as far as
the council is concerned is without hope.
The refusal of the contractors to dis
criminate against the brotherhood car
penters in favor of those affiliated with
the Building Trades Council has proved
a serious blow to President McCarthy's
forces. It was reported last night that
many of McCarthy's supporters in his
fight against the brotherhood are desert
ing to the enemy, and that a general
stampede is looked for at an early date.
That They Have Practically
"Won.
Erotherhood Men Are Now Confident
FIGHT OF CARPENTERS
PASSES ACUTE STAGE
MAYOR CLERC
SAYS PRENTIS
WAS WARNED
Sergeant Green discovered the gang on
the ark, and Night Captain Walter J.
Petersen made the raid that resulted in
the capture. It was to Captain Petersen
that the men first confessed.
The prisoners say that Belden was cool,
and grave up what money he had when
the pistol was put in his face, though he
tried to get a look at his despoilers. They
fay that Blodgett, who was robbed by
them later, was very nervous and talked
a great deal. They will probably be ar
raigned to-morrow. As their confessions
are in writing, it will take but a short
time to land them in prison. Both of the
men had served in the Marine Corps of
the United States.
The old ark at the foot of Alice street
was to be their refuge in the daytime, and
at night they were to make raids into
the Lakeside district.
Since confessing the prisoners talk quite
freely of their plans, which were more
elaborate than those of the average foot
pad. This is probably due to the fact
that the men possess more than the aver
age amount of intelligence. The robbery
of Belden was their first work, so that
they went about it with more than usual
care.
They commenced operations on Daniel
F. Belden, general agent fer the Hart
ford Fire Insurance Company in San
Francisco. Belden was the victim of a
most exciting experience a few years ago,
when he was called down to his front
door at midnight only to be hit with an
ax in the hands of some stranger who
was never discovered. "The Man With
the Ax" was sought for unsuccessfully,
and the incident was forgotten until Bel
den was held up by the enterprising ex
soldiers.
OAKLAND, May 16.— Walter T. Bald
win and James McCoy, the ex-soldiers
who confessed yesterday to three hold
ups, were very fastidious highwaymen.
They started to work the Lakeside dis
trict, and but for their prompt arrest the
residents of that exclusive and badly
lighted section of town would have suffer
ed badly. They had planned to only raid
the fashionable section of town.
Give Daniel F. Belden Credit for
Nerve He Shows When They
Hold Him Up.
SELF-CONFESSED FOOTPADS
TELL STORY OF CRIMES
The California Tract Society carries a
line of small stationery as weir as books.
About ten days ago the place was entered
and nearly $100 worth of fountain pens
and similar goods taken. A few days ago
the place was again entered and the com
bination broken off the safe with an ax.
The safe contained $2000 but was noc
opened. i
A wa.tch was then established to wait
ror the thief to return, which he did this
morning, expecting to make his last
« an^ up - Doble remarked to Night Cap
tain Pctersen when he was locked up, "I
guess you have been waiting for me."
Chief of Police Hodgkins took the case
in band and secured a complete confes
sion from the prisoner. The family of the
young man stands very high.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 16.
J. S. Doble, son of a minister, employe
of a tract society and member in good
standing in a church, was arrested at an
early hour this morning while making his
third burglarious trip to the office of the
California Tract Society, in the Reliance
Club building, on San Pablo avenue. Do
ble walked into the arms of Policeman
James Brannan, who had been stationed
there by Chief of Police Hodgkins to cap
ture the burglar, who had visited the
tract society twice and was expected to
do so a third time.
To-night's attractions were started with
an exhibition of tumbling by the Stanford
gymnasium club, the efforts of the gym
nasts calling forth merited applause.
•The feature of the evening was the pre
sentation of Pyramus and Thlsbe, from
"Midsummer Night's D-ream." This took
place, on a barge anchored near the shore.
The students who formed. the cast showed
splendid talent, and their ludicrous antics
and droll remarks were received with ap
plause and laughter. CD. McComish '03
as Pyramus and I. J. Bounds '05 as Thlsbe
fell naturally into their parts and merited
the applause that the mirthful throng on
shore gave them. ; '
¦ Music in the afternoon was supplied by
the Girls' ' Mandolin Club." To-night tho
men's club appeared and their numbers
were . well • received. \ The tableaux of
Elizabethan scenes were rendered the
more effective by being produced on the
large barge, that, was. moored near the
lake shore. .
Many, students were .dressed as ¦ ladies
and knights of Queen Elizabeth's time,
and their gay : jtjpstumes added much to
the v effectiveness of the carnival. The
gypsy fortune teller's bobth was patron
ized largely by those desiring knowledge
of their futures, and, the Punch and Judy
show served as amusement for the chil
dren.' -^ . ¦•-::: ¦' : ¦¦' - :
• STANFORD .UNIVERSITY, May 16.—
Lagu'nita Lake never before presented so
beautiful a scene as • it did during the
Elizabethan- water; /carnival to-night.
Thousands of red Japanese lanterns were
strung, in trees around the banks of the
lake, their, reflections " in the water
doubling their /number. Rowboats and
sailboats, gayly trimmed with lanterns,
glided over the water, forming fantastic
figures. : : The banks of the lake were
crowded with- people jostling • each other
good-rnaturediy, and^many strangers were
numbered 'among the throng.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
It was stated this afternoon that the
Provincial Government had instructed
Judge Lafontalne to obey the writ of
habeas corpus, but the Judge says that
all he knows about the case is that he
issued a warrant and that the men called
for in that document were produced be
fore him. He had remanded the prisoners
until Monday morning and expected that
they would again be produced before
him. Legal opinion in Montreal is that
habeas corpus proceedings cannot be In
stituted until Judge Lafontaine has de
cided the case. Then if he commits them
for extradition proceedings of that nature
will be in order.
The jurisdiction of an extradition com
missioner, extends over the entire domin
ion, and the arrests of Greene and Gay
nor were made by an officer qualified to
make arrests in any portion of the pro
vince, consequently there. Is no doubt that
they will hold. This evening Mrs. Gaynor
arrived from Quebec, accompanied by
counsel for the prisoners, who had a con
sultation with them i at the Windsor.
He consulted his counsel and was in
formed that if he attempted to return the
prisoners to Quebec he would be liable
to arrest for contempt of the local court,
whose mandate he had received and ac
knowledged. So an answer setting forth
the facts in the matter was prepared and
sent down to Quebec and. with that it is
expected the Quebec people will havo to
remain satisfied.
In the meantime Constable Gale of Que
bec, with a writ' of habeas corpus, was
searching diligently for Carpenter. At 10
o'clock he found him in his office and
served the writ. Carpenter was placed in
a dilemma. He was in possession of a
document calling upon him . to produce
the bodies of Gaynor and Greene before
Judge Andrews in Quebec to-day, and he
no longer had the prisoners in his posses
sion, having been relieved by Judge La
fontaine. "
Chief Carpenter took his prisoners to
Judge Lafontaine's residence and an im
promptu court was convened in tho
Judge's library. Carpenter handed his
prisoners over to the Judge, and the lat
ter, after remanding them for examina
tion on Monday, committed them to the
care of two detectives, with permission
to reside at the Windsor.
MONTREAL, May 16.— Gaynor and
Greene are guests at the Windsor Hotel,
each guarded by a local detective, with a
force of United States Secret service
agents unofficially "in reserve. They will
not go back to Quebec, much as they and
their friends desire it, and in spite of the
writ of habeas corpus granted yesterday
by Judge Andrews of Quebec directing
Chief Detective Carpenter to return his
prisoners to that city. When the Spray
arrived in Montreal this morning the par
ty drove to the Windsor. At 7 o'clock
tney again left the hotel, just as the pur
suing force from Quebec, which had' come
up from Sorel on the Quebec boat,
reached the hotel. • .
Judge Ogden took the ground that Dar
gie. simply because he might have ac
cepted moneys, from the "Enquirer, was
not necessarily a defendant, and he re
fused to order him included as such. He
thought that the complaint In regard to
Dargie might be strengthened by making
an express allegation that there was no
consideration for the money given to the
editor, but he did not insist upon it.
One other point argued was that in re
gard to the charge of collusion between
J. B. Lanktree and Assessor Dalton,
whereby the last named received money
in advance on county printing. Judge
Ogden held that there was no specific
charge of fraud here. No decision was
.given, and the whole matter went over to
be submitted on briefs.
Argument on the demurrers interpose!
to D. Edward Collins' complaint against
the members of the Oakland Enquirer
Publishing Company was freshened up a
bit to-day by a demand by the defend
ants that another defendant be tacked to
the list to share the burdens of the de
fense. These importunate defendants
urged that W. E. Dargie, editor of the
Oakland Tribune, be made a defendant
with them in their trial with the banker
and the law. Judge Ogden, however, was
not impressed with the logic of their ar
gument, and directed that things go on
in the even tenor that has characterized
the course of the case so far.
The argument of the defendants' attor
neys was based on a specification in their
demurrer that there is a "defect of par
ties defendant" in the complaint. That,
they explained, meant that Dargie, hav
ing been charged by Collins with concoct
ing a combination on city printing with
the Enquirer corporation and sharing In
the profits of that alliance, should be in
corporated as a defendant in the suit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 16.
At an early hour tWs morning a report
was received from Engine Company No
2 to the effect that Firemen Conlon and
Mitchell only suffered bruises and a shak
ing up by their unexpected fall.
The shacks were owned by a man
me< i iwM llips ; Th £ y were uninsured
and of little value. The occupants of the
houses that were destroyed were Mr. and
M ff. Goldstein, 211% Ellis street, custom
tailoring establishment, loss COO, unin
sured; Julius Sichel, owner of a carpen
ter shop at 211 Ellis street, loss $1000, un
insured; Newton's coal yard, Ios3 un
known. Three horses were destroyed and
the contents of the building burned. New
ton carried some insurance. '
Next door to the coal yard was a small
chophouse known as the Central. The
damage to this place was very slight. Up
stairs was occupied by Mrs. Montigo and
the Valorine Cleaning Company. The Ios3
to these people was complete. Although
there was no insurance on the personal
effects, the loss was less than $300
Sparks ignited a deserted building In the
rear of 125 Mason street, " but the blaze
was extinguished in Its incipiency.
Morris Hepstein. a friend of Mr. Gold
stein, the tailor who lived at 211^4 Ellis
street, said that when ha detected the
smoke he Jumped out of the doorway and
looked through a window into the cellar
•and saw a blaze far in the rear of the
structure. He said while standing in
front of the burning building he saw a
man rush across the street with a child
in hia arms. This child, he believes be
lon/.ed to Mrs. Montigo, who lived next
door.
Levy stated that the fire started in th 9
coal yard. He saw a slight blaze in a bale
of hay In the rear of the stable and saya
It burst Into a big flame within a few
minutes.
Mrs. Pauline Goldstein and her hus-
d '^. ho lived In back ot a store at
2U«4 Ellis street, were also awakened by
the crackling of flames and the odor ot
fire. Mr. Goldstein hurriedly moved his
belongings to the sidewalk, but stated he
had lost a lot of things and lamented the
fact that he carried no insurance.
Micke Levy, the Orpheum Theater
ticket collector, and a young man named
Howard Phlllpps were passing Newton's
coal yard when the fire broke out. Their
first thought was to save the horses in
the rear, and they broke m the door and
led two of the frightened animals out.
They attempted to return for the other
animals, but were driven back by the
smoke. Three horses are said to hava
been lost.
Mrs. Montigo and her young son Hubert
were asleep at 2U7 Ellis street, and but
for the timely arrival of the firemen botfc
might have been burned to death. Mrs.
Montigo was awakened by tho firemen
and escorted across the street to a neigh
bor's home. The property was uninsured,
and she lost everything. For a time sh»
was disconsolate, as she thought her
bank book that recorded her savings had
beetn destroyed; but thi3 was later re
stored to her.
Although of short duration, the fire was*
full of Incidents. William Conlon and
John Mitchell, members of Engine Com
pany No. 2, were badly injured while
lighting the blaze from the rear. They
were handling a hose on a balcony of an
abandoned house in the rear when it
gave way beneath their combined weight,
precipitating them to the ground, which
was fully eighteen feet below. Comrades
instantly cared for the unfortunate men,
and they were hurried to their engine
house and treated for their injuries by
Dr. Bodkin.
Within a few minutes after the blaze
was discovered in Levl Newton's coal
yard at 209 Ellis street the fire was at its
height The sky waa lit up and thousands
hurried to the scene and blockaded the
path of the firemen. The excitement was
intense. Streams of water were poured
into the rookeries from every side, and
within half an hour the conflagration wa3
under control.
. What threatened to be a disastrous ,flr»
broke out in a number of old shacks on
Ellis street, above Mason, at 12:30 o'clock
this morning. Two alarms were turned
in from box 113. It was due to the prompt
work .of the splendidly organized depart
ment that a serious conflagration was
averted. For a time the Langham Hotel
on the corner of Ellis and Mason streets
was menaced. A heavy wind was blowing
and large, firebrands and sparks were
wafted toward the big structure.
W. A. Beasly acted as chairman. Ad
dresses were made, by Frank H. Benson.
Thomas Westoby (secretary of the City
Front Federation of San Francisco),
Judge Lawrence Archer and G. D. Wors
wick, the citizens' nominee for Mayor.
The meeting was then announced closed,
but the audience refused to leave and
demanded more speaking. Judge M. H.
Hyland and J. R. Lewis addressed the as
semblage. The speakers all predicted a
sweeping victory for the citizens' nom
inees. >- •
The biggest political mass-meeting ever
held in San Jose was that of this evening
in the Auditorium in the interests of the
citizens' municipal ticket. It was held
under the auspices of the Independent
Club. More than 2500 persons crowded the
big structure and about one thousand were
turned away, unable to gain admittance.
"We are better organized and stronger
than last year," was his parting remark,
"and are still doing quiet and effective
work from the' old stand.".
BEFORMERS' CLOSING \ RAiLLY.
John D. Mackenzie, who has control of
the machine that has dominated politics
in San Jose so long, declares that the op
position has not yet won the fight. He
says he is absolutely certain his entire
ticket, from Greeninger down, will be
elected by majorities of from 700 to 900.
Last year he won by 584 votes, and Mac
kenzie declares his organization is now
much stronger. But few desertions have
occurred from his" ranks, the Harbor
Commissioner says, and for each one he
lost he claims to have gained five. . - .
I confidently expect the end will come to
Mackenzieism and push domination in San Jose
next Monday. I sincerely believe our ticket,
headed by George D. Worswick, will be elected
from top to bottom by big majorities. We have
a splendid organization, and hundreds of citi
zens are spending their time and working earn
estly in the cause of decency, and we do not
expect the efforts of the people will relax until
the night of election. The contest has been a
bitter one and the efforts of the push most per
sistent and unflagging. We are confident the
majority will be large for Worswick, reaching
probably 1000. In the contest one never hears
of politics— Republicanism and Democracy are
never mentioned — but our forces, which include
old soldiers. Republicans, Democrats and Pop
ulists,' are earnestly working together to re
deem San Jose from the stigma that has rested
upon it so long. Worswick Clubs have been or
ganized in every precinct and the frequent
meetings being held are Jammed with voters
anxious to attest their loyalty to the cause of
good government. On the other hand not a
single club has been organized In behalf of the
push ticket. Their canvass has been conducted
from' the notorious California Club as head
quarters. We are all cheered and encouraged
by the thought that the day of deliverance from
boss rule is at hand.
E. A. Hayes, the president of the Re
publican Good Government League, and
who is directing the fight of the reform
forces, is more sanguine than ever of
winning the election. 'In summing up
to-day he said:'
RIVAL LEADERS CONFIDENT.
The campaign just closing has been cne
of the most bitter in the history of the
city. The charges made against Andrew
S. Mackenzie and the other Police Com
missioners by H. E. Miller, that black
mail and extortion were levied for politi
cal purposes, have been aired and used
in the campaign.
Against Mackenzie are the Herald and
Mercury, both influential papers, and day
after day they are pouring "hot shot"
into his camp. Many of his .former
workers have turned on him, but Mac
kenzie, from his rooms in the California
Club, is doing hard campaigning.
James W. Rea and his forces also are
after Mackenzie's scalp, and they are
working night and day to defeat him.
Never before has money been so plenti
ful. Rea alone has wagered about $7500
that Worswick will be elected Mayor and
has got more 'money to place.
SAN.JOSE, May 16.-San Jose is in the
throes of the hottest city campaign it
has ever known, and two great forces
are lined up for N a battle of ballots on
Monday. E. A. Hayes and John D. Mac
kenzie are the commanding generals. For
the past month both sides have been hard
at work, and with the Worswick rally to
night both practically closed their public
meetings. George D." Worswick is the
standard-bearer of the reform forces and
Adolph Greeninger carries the banner for
MacKenzie. . While the voters are rally
ing around these men, the real question
is whether the people shall have a reform
government or whether things shall go on
In the same old rut under the direction
of Mackenzie.
Special IDispatch to The Call.
FINDS NO PROOF
OF A CONSPIRACY
The prisoner appears to be in a very
despondent mood, and apparently cares>
little what becomes of him. He will be
amply provided for by his local relatives.
Browne has been in this city but a few
days. When he arrived he had no knowl
edge of any relatives in this vicinity. His
meeting with Judge ; Browne was unex
pected to both. Judge Browne is certain
that the youth is a son of his brother.
Judge Thomas M. Browne,- a ¦ prominent
man of Indiana', which State he represent
ed for many years in- the United States
House of Representatives.
In pronouncing sentence upon him. Jus
tice Browne told the prisoner that he had
not the faintest doubt of the relationship
which existed between them, but" said that
he could not allow that condition to inter
fere with justice. The youth was'assured
that he would be received with open arms
by the Justice when he obtained his re
lease from jail. • ; " .' ¦. -¦ ~ '.
The vagrant is Thomas Browne," and he.
Is about 20 years of age. Further than
giving his father's name and' his birth
place, he was uncommunicative about
himself. He admitted that he had begged
food, but declared he was . forced to .' that
necessity by- hunger. , He had been un
able to obtain employment, and his scant
supply of money had dwindled until, he
had not the means with which to supply
himself with food. .. :•"... ".-•
SANTA ROSA, May 16.— Major f John
Browne; who dispenses justice" in '.''the
court of Santa Rosa Township, was to
day called upon to do something unusual
in his experience of thirty, odd .years on
the bench. A young man who, he is thor
oughly convinced, is a relative of his, .was
brought before him on- a charge of
grancy , and the Justice " imposed a sen-;
tence of ten days In the County Jail. ; '
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Men Are Hotel Guests, but
the Detectiyes Are on
Guard.
Judge Ogden Refuses to Per
mit Any Changes in the
Complaint
Beautiful Features Attend
the Water Carnival on ,
Lagunita* Lake.
Santa Rosa Prisoner the Son
of a Former Indiana
¦ v Congressman.
Two Firemen Fall Eighteen
Feet and Escape With
Bruises.
Leaders of Both Factions Are
Confidently > Claiming
Victory.
J. S. Doble Brings Disgrace
on Himself and Sorrow
to His Family. /
Gaynor-Greene Case De
velops Many Com
plications.
Stanford View3 a Scene
From the Era of
Elizabeth.
San Jose Voters Will Go
to the Polls on
Monday.
Midnight Blaze Creates
Excitement on Ellis
Street.
Vagrant Proves to Be
a Relative of the
Court.
Breaks Into an Office
and Is Caught by
a Policeman.
Defendants in Enquirer
Suit "Want Him Named
as Co-Defendant.
TRY TO INVOLVE
EDITOR DARGIE
WARM CAMPAIGN
NEARS THE END
QUEBEC LOSES
THE PRISONERS
STUDENTS TURN
TIME BACKWARD
FIRE DESTROYS
OLD ROOKERIES
JUDGE COMMITS
NEPHEW TO JAIL
MINISTER'S SON
TURNS BURGLAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, il^Y 17, 1902.
Fred Hook, wanted for "forgery in Los
Angeles, { was arrested * last night on : Mc-
Allister street by. Detective Bailey. Hook
is ' accused- of passing a draft for . $23 on
the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of Los
Angeles, . the ;'_. indorsement . to : which was
forged. . He claims ¦ that he : is innocent.
He will be taken south by Chief Elton,
who is'nowto the city.;"*. . .<•' , .";
"Wanted by Los Angeles Police.
The preliminary examination of George
McFadden on a charge of murder was
commenced before Judge Mogan yester
day. He is accused of knocking: Charles
Tucker down in a passageway, at 829. How-'
axd ¦ street April j28~'and robbing; him.
Tucker, { who was ,70 years / of age and
came from Martinez, ' had his skull frac
tured in the fall and' died almost in
stantly /¦ - • '
.- Several .' witnesses - examined for • the
prosecution testified to having seen, the
defendant and Tucker drinking, together
and walking along Howard street in the
direction' of the< house where the old
man's body was found. -Among them
were C. D. Trust, Edward Smith, Jacob
Hoeges, Edward Drew, Mrs. Julia Driver,
Harry Riddle, Morris Newman and Leo
pold Hirsch. ~ ¦ r . -- • . . - '
As an important witness is sick and un
able to appear in court a continuance was
granted till Monday. • - ;t
McFADDElTS PBELIMINABY
' HEARINQ IS "i COIOCENCEB
To-morrow H. D. Porter will play
Charles Lumbard. The winner of this
match will play the semi-finals with H. F.
Elliot and the winner in the ¦ semi-finals
will play in the finals with H.- K. Elliot
for the championship in singles.. :
In the singles F. Budgett beat B. Towne;
A. A. Allen beat Toler; Allen also beat Dr.
Liesenrins: H. B. Elliott beat V. Whit
ney:'Charles Lumbard beat S. E. Pope;
F. A. Porter beat E. S.-Birdsall; Budgett
defaulted to F. A. Porter: H. F. Elliot
beat A. A. Allen; H. R. Elliot beat F. A.
Porter.
9
POSTUM CEBEAL.
LIGHT "BOOZE"
I>o You Drink ItP
A minister's wife had quite a tussle with
coffee, and her experience is Inter-
esting. She says: "During 1 the two years
of my training: as a nurse while on night
fluty I became addicted to coffee ; drink-
lug, for between midnight and 4 o'clock
In the morning, when the patients were
asleep, there was little to do except make
the rounds, and It was quite natural that
I should want a good hot cup of coffee
about that time. It stimulated me and I
could keep awake better.
"After three or four years of 'coffee
drinking I becaxn© a nervous wreck and
thought that I simply could riot live
without my coffee. All this time I was
subject to frequent bilious attacks', some-
times so severe as to keep me in bed for
several days.
"After being married, husband begged
me tc leave off coffee, for he feared that
it had already hurt me almost beyond
repair, so I resolved to make an effort
and release myself from the hurtful
habit. I began taking Postum Food Cof-
fee, and for a few days felt the languid,
tired feeling from the lack of the stimu-
lant, but I liked the taste of Postum and
that answered for the breakfast beverage
all right.
"Finally I began to feel clearer . headed
and had steadier nerves. After a year's
use of Postum I now feel like a new wo-
man. Have not had any bilious attacks
elnce I left off coffee." This lady re-
<iue*ts that her name be kept from pub-
lic print. Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
9
A ear-load ©< Call Superior
Atlases hai arrived and they
are. now ready for distribu-
tion. All subscribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy, of
this great book at the prem-
ium rate of 91 SO. ...Oat. of
town i subscribers dealrinjr m
copy • of this splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re-
ceipt ' of fl' 50. All mall
orders •will be. shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
Maidenhood >d Womanhood
At the threshold of wedded life with its cares and responsibilities;
what more appropriate could a bride consider than a box of the med-
icine that will keep the new family in perfect health.
_//?*535>^*^^^^^ -1 took Cascarets myself and they »rs fine. I al««
"OOV hars boen STlTtne them to my children with ba««
J\ fs&'T V results."— Mrs. D*-rts, 419 £. Capitol St.. Washington.
4gf&Jti£7~£*\ X « «i^ "• "J w " f 2 r 2 l° n Z ttae troubled with eomtipation
jBflffi* • \ OlSSL. «nd catarrh of tho throat. Am now nsini Cascaret*
«§3Ar <j£Ma?' - V. V vi^mL -with rood remit* and am latiafled I will b« entirely
5f«0?dP^^'^\M \^4 !r\lp£ ~ ***' H " P " Y « om4n *» 4T31 Champlaln At»., Chicago.
•HgE|£?i?P 4C iTSSHfc j *!i_ h , aT ? Tlsod Caac»ret» and must lay they aro won-
CSstj^^ *.S\vf&\V '»5«HBfc dorful. I recommend them to all my lady friends."
HflvU j|\v\P SBV^vlSla — -Mrs. J. H. ilayes. Charlton, I*.
fHH raL-C H. "Ir (^QlfM R T^\$!*i& "Caaearetj h*! strands effects in my eas*. I tool
WBtB ffJTl \**~ VVi M vAraa them for worms and eot rid of them. For about «
mSSfk SS\.J iHWViV VUtsSxi y ?, ar l had * l3 ° »iff*red from my right eya eontinn-
Taesi ft£«n .1 \m\' lWrsPL •"r.'»»terin*. After I took th» second dose ot Cas-
JWJM9 ,»» \& f tmYuW WClir* carets the eye eot -well and has been well «v-r •incs."
BZal ll§iW%^ .^VwVV^ftKvS — Mrs. Plowman, 4«Jes»lo S*., S»a Francisco.
*«§l AlSL^k.^ • >S\\™u*Vv W^CtV "About a year ago I went through a rery dlfflcnlt
Bel MWUVV Vt# llMllfcX oWx operation and since then suffered from severe head-
W A\VflV\V-*fGir llm»aV Y V^ aches - I tried Cascarets and the result wa» wondarfuL
» 5 BAHHH llll\ God bless youf-Mrs. Moses Le»e«, Oilman, Colo.
f Aj?kWl«§Lx' " \»« V»\ "Cascarets aro the best medicine ever I tried. I ennnol
U?^*^ U^KMrfST \ Vk\ \ t °° 6ratem for *k«m."-ilrs. EUa Sanders, Fox. Mo.
vCS*^ Vc*o' 'I \ v\ \ "For several years 1 hare suffered eitrem»ly with a
\imm'. ij* m JT^f I \\ \ »enous trouble In tho right side of the bowels. Tho doctor*
V/iAyy^ J. IV -V called tbi« trouble appendicitis. I took Cascarets and think
*T Jmr J I \ \ T. ou can safely add appendicitis to tho list of disease* that
/ JET / n * X ¦ CMcaret» will euro.''— Eunie« J. Smith.:Kleli VaUeji Ohio.
, | /s /¦ J I •'( '"! "'I, y • "I h»T» a tumor which all the doctors told me could be gotten
1 ' V ' / / ' rid of in no other way than with tho knifo. but I think th*
¦- ' J\ .' Cascarets aro absorbine It entirely." ¦ .
N'Sjajj/ , - • . • ••- —Mrs. E. Dlson, Elslnore, CaJ.
There are many physical disturbances of the bodily functions con-
nected 'with the change from maidenhood to womanhood, and the
health and wholesome life, not only of the bride, the new wife and
prospective mother, but that of the new generation that is to be, de-
pend upon keeping all operations of the digestive canal regular and
natural withCascarets Candy Cathartic, the only medicine that will do
it gently yet surely. without grip or gripe.
/s$r±n /%Ti rt % rv < Best for the Bowels. All druggists, ioc, 35c, 50c. : Never sold in bulk.
f UL'fcl^AJDLALAJeJ The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
ww - w^ w 7lX^ back. Sample and booklet free. Address
. Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or N«wY»»k. . <u
HR'-tsEJ^IWS.-flrr/Ss'.-fcifc^iiT* '."-'. ' ' 'VtSiMlmmiMWik. iH»m Mini *i 1 im in 1 FiaWiisii f*T¥iTrTTsM **¦!>¦ 'sliiiilr iflsMwt ¦ — —SATURDAY. MAT 17.
Movements of Steamers.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United . States
Coast Survey charts, except when & minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FALMOXJTH — Arrived May 15 — Br shin Alex
Black, from Tacoma, with, main topgallant
mast sone. . .
LIUKR1CK — Arrived May 16 — Fr bark Du
guesclin, from Oregon. . •
SHANGHAI— Arrived May IS— Br Btmr Kal
sow, from Seattle. . • ••-
ANTWERP— Sailed May 14— Br' ship Holy
rod, for Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 14— Br ship
Wlscombe Park, for Newcastle, 'England.
EAST BOURNE — Passed May 16 — Br ship
Iqulque, hence Nov 20, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 16— Br Bhip
Chas Cotesworth, from Victoria. .
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to May 16— Br
stmr Splthead and Ger Btmr Verona, from New
York, for Manila. • ' / •'
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived. May 16— Br stmr
Mlowera, from Sydney; schrs Alnoka, 204
skins; schr Sadie Turple, 93 skins.
FOREIGN PORT.
To sail May, 10— Ship Arthur Sewall, for
New York; U S Btmr Wheeling, for Pago
Pago: U S stmr Albatross, for Laysan Island.
May 10 — Bark Albert, for Laysan Island; schr
Aloha, for San Francisco. ¦ • . . . ;
KAHULUI — Arrived May 4 — Stmr Alaskan,
from Honolulu. •
MAKAWELI— Arrived May 4— Bark Edward
May, from Honolulu.
Sailed May 8 — Br stmr Doric, for China;
stmr Sonoma, for Australia. May 9— Bark
Haydn Brown, for Port Townsend: bark Nuu
anu, for New York; Br ship Ellen A Reed, for
Port Townsend; Ger bark Paul Isenbersr, for
Port Townsend: schr Transit, for Port Town
send; Br etrnr Moana, for Australia.
HONOLULU — Arrived May' 7 — Br stmr Dor
ic, hence May 1. May 8 — Br stmr Mlowera,
from Sydney; echr Otella Pedersen, from New
castle, Aus; stmr Sonoma, hence May 1. May
9 — Ship Diriito, from Hongkong; Br Btmr Mo
ana, from Vancouver.
ISLAND PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 16— Stmr Cottage
City, for Sitka: stmr Banta Ana. for Valdez.
NEW WHATCOM — Sailed May 16— Ship'
Spartan, for .
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived May IB — Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence May 13; schr Fannie
Adele, hence May 6.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed May 16— Brln W O
Irwin, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed May 16— Br ship - Fingal.
for Queenstown.
Arrived May 16 — Stmr Robert Dollar, from
Seattle, and sailed for San Francisco.
Passed ln May 16 — Bktn John Smith, from
San Pedro, for Port Townsend. ,
PORT KENYON— Arrived May 16— Stmr Ar
tro, hence May 13.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived May 16 — Schr
Americana, from Oyster Harbor.
Passed Inward May 16 — Br ship Tj^irty for
Victoria; bktn John Smith, from San Pedro;
Br stmr Braemar, from Hongkong; Br stmr
Garonne, from Seattle. ¦
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 16— Btmr Co-
Qullle River, for Ban Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 16— Schr Falcon,
from Coos Bay.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 16—
Stmr Alcazar.
NEAH BAT — Passed out May 16 — Stmr Me
teor, for San Francisco; brig "W G Irwin, for
San Francisco.
Sailed May 16 — Stmr Eureka, for Ean Fran
cisco; schr Bertha Dolbeer, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWN8END— Passed outward May 16
— Schr A F Coatee, for , , *
BAN PEDRO— Arrired May 16— Stmr Ful
ton, from Fort Bragg; U S Btmr Alert, from
cruise.
Sailed May 16 — Schr Beulah, for Umpqua;
stmr Santa. Monica, for San Francisco.
WILLAPA HARBOR — Arrived May 16 — Stmr
Rival, hence May 13.
EUREKA — Arrived May 16 — Stmr PrenUss,
bencq May 15.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELKGRAPHIC. ,
POINT LOBOS. May 16, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 44 miles per hour.
April 26. lat 4 N, Ion 28 W — Br ship Greta,
from Frazer River, for Liverpool.
April 28, lat 4 N, Ion 28 W— Br ship Latl
mer. from Oregon, for Liverpool.
Per Br «tmr Coptic— May 13, lat 29 10 N.
Ion 149 9 W, Jap stmr Nippon Maru. from San
Kranclsco, for China and Japan.
Per Br stmr Mlowera. from Australia May
16, at Victoria, — On Monday, May 12, an Amer
ican vessel ehowing letters K A C P, steering
southwest. "
SPOKEN.
Friday, May 16.
Stmr Baata Barbara, Zaddart, Seattle.
Etmr Queen. Hall, Victoria and Euget Sound
ports. ¦
Etmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City.
Stmr Pleiades, Purrlnsrton, Seattle.
Etmr GlDsy, Swanson, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nlcolson, San Pedro.
U S stmr Thomas, Buford, Manila.
Kor stmr Tltanla, Egenes, Nanalmo.
Br ship Bermuda, Korff, Queenstown.
Schr Sailor Boy, Lauermann. Grays Harbor.
BAILED.
Friday, May 16.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, Ban Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Nor Btmr Tellus, Pedersen, Lady smith;
R Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Fr ship La" Perouse, Sauvienon. Queenstown.
Bairour. Qutherie & Co.
Schr H D Bendlxsen. Olsen. 14 days from
Port Blakeley.
Schr Ethel Zane. Thomas. 15 days from
Port Ludlow.
FBOM jSBATTLH.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, . XJ.^ B.'- M., : Mer-
, R. H7 Donaldson, 'chief rate clerk of the
Southern 1 Pacific'" Company^, gave r a ban
quet | last evening to • his associates in • the
rate and* prepaid 'order departments. ¦ The
toast" "Our: 'Company" was/ drunks with
great enthusiasm. 1 Those present ? . were R
H.' Donaldson;' Thomas >JV Connor, .John
PetersenrF. 8. Howard, Paul. Bruce Nor
ton,; 1 Fred -:Shoup,v. Nelson^ Kinell! 'and
Colonel George : Townsend.'1}f§Egj8$!wSHb«i
Railroad Men at Banquet.
/We have a larger** and: better trunk chan
the-'$7.50 special offered last week. It^ls
made ~, of ", ; . genuine ;v ; basswood, / brass
trimmed, with two straps, . two trays i and
cloth-faced, at $8.50. Also . a sole leather
suit case with, shirt fold and steel' frame
far $6.50. v All ¦trunks,', valises and leather
goods lettered free of i charge. ' Sanborn,
Vail & Co.', 741- Market street. : : . , . •
Trunks and Valises.
After • to-day spent J in' Sacramento
President- Harriman .will so ' to , Portland,
but his itinerary I from there on has - not
yet been decided upon. •> ¦ i -
President Harriman of the Southern Pa
cific -spent yesterday on the road of the
California and Northwestern and Jour
neyed as far as Ukiah. He returned and
again got on the line of the Southern Pa
cihc at Shellville : and arrived at Sacra
mento late . last evening. '
Traffic ; Director j Stubbs said | yesterday
afternoon in -an interview, that there was
no significance in the fact that President
Harriman traveled . over the California
and Northwestern Railroad. He explained
that , President Harrlman was anxious to
see as much of California as possible and
that President Foster had Invited him to
take ' the . trip to ' Ukiah, . which he • had
gladly accepted. '. ; • , '."
Sacramento and Then of
Portland.
Railroad Magnate Will Be Guest of
E. H. HAEHTMAN VISITS
/UKIAH FOB l A FEW HOUBS
Shipping Intelligence.
Friday, May 16.
Btonr Areata, Nelson, 61 hours from Coo*
Bay.
Btmr "Whitesborcv Olsen. 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Etmr Alcatrax. Carlson. IS hours from Green
wood.
Stmr GualaU, Weber. 10 hours from BIhlers
Point.
Btmr National City, Johnson. IB hours from
Tort Bragg. ., ;
Btmr Rainier. Hansen. S5 hours from What
com.
Btmr Bonita, Nopander. 71 hours from New
port <6>, etc
Btmr Redwood City, Hansen. 12 hours from
Bowers Landlne.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storre, 90 hours from Ta
corna.
Br stmr Cootie. Kinder. 27 days 18% hours
from Hongkong, via. Yokohama 16 days 20>£
hours, via Honolulu 6 days 8% hours
Ship S B Carleton, Ameebury, 26 days from
Honolulu. • —
Schr Monterey, Crangl«, 64 hour* from Cooe
Bay.
Bchr Lily, Kelson, 8 days from Umpau&
Elver.
Bchr Polaris, Murchlson. 4 days from Coos
liciir Onward, Jorgensen, 8 days from Co-
QUlIle River. .
Th« steamer Queen sailed yesterday for Vic
toria, with a general cargo to be landed at the
principal British Columbia ports. The cargo
as manifested ud to 3 p. m. was valued at
S1C.244 nod included the following merchan
dise and produce:
90.863 lbs dried fruit. 1900 lbs butter, 986 lbs
cheese, 10,510 lbs raisins. 363 lbs bread, 5034
lbs millstuCs, 68,740 lbs malt. 1S5 pkgs fresh
vegetables, 698 pkgs fresh fruits, 201 lbs ham,
7S56 lbs beans, 670 bzs paste. 6 cs and 2S3 gals
wine, 400 lbs spices. 153 cs canned goods, 8390
lbs coffee. 25 cs arms and ammunition, 100
tins matches, SO pkgs onions. 180 lbs cocoa, 17
pkg» hardware. 5 bbls baking powder. 28 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1 cs shoes, 308 lbs to
bacco, 2 bales twine, 8 pkgs dry goods, 18 bdls
wall paper. 10 pkgs wire, 1 cs hats.
Expo As for British Columbia.
The increasing popularity of .the San
Francisco News , Letter keeps pace with
its constant improvement. To-day's ] is
sue maintains - its reputation as , the
brightest and most original weekly in the
West. The story this week is "Admitted
to .Citizenship." it is by John Fleming
W/lson. .and- is in his best vein. "St.
Pierre/' by ,Wallace Irwin, is a very
strong poem commemorative' of the.Mar
tinique, disaster. "Helps, 1 to Young
Authors" is a stinging satire on the meth
cos of the literary agencies, and "The
Silent System" and "Some After-Dinner
Games" are bubbling with pure fun. "The
Destruction of San Francisco," by W. O.
McGeehan, Is a humorous forecast of
what might happen. In "Reminiscences"
the old newspaper man talks of Bret
Harto and Mark Twain. "Campaign
Jbcnoes ' and timely : editorials are able
d^E^rtations on, the ¦'¦ political situation.
The Looker On department is unusually
long and is rich in personal gossip of peo
ple we like to hear about. All live topics
are intelligently handled. The society
news Is complete and. authentic. •
To-Day's News Letter.
NEWS OF THE OCEA2T.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and.
Shipping Merchants.
Tb* British ship Brodlck Castle loads wheat
at T&coma for Europe at 30s; chartered prior
to arrival.
The bark S. C. Allen loads merchandise her*
for Honolulu and the bark Santiago same cargo
tor Hllo.
The bark Diamond Head Is chartered for ooal
from Seattle to Honolulu.
The Yotmg«st Captain.
Captain Dan Thompson Jr., who has been
appointed to command the tug Redmond. Is
only 22 years of age. and Is the youngest tow
beat eUpper ln the port.
Will Not Build Drydocks.
The Harbor Commissioners are not going into
the flrydock business. The resolution passed at
the last meeting was to construct three dry
docks and repair -wharves. The drydocks,
which will be located near these wharves ln
Central Basin, will be owned and controlled.
as heretofore, by private capital.
The PadSc Mall steamship Peru will sail
to-day tor the Orient. Eh* will take only
about fifteen cabin passengers, the same num
ber ln the steerage and about seventy-five Chi
nese. Among- the passengers will be Captain
John Boardman, an ex-army officer, who is
going Into business at Hollo. Miss K. Ken
call, an Eastern artist of some note, goes on
the Peru to Japan, where she expects to make
quite a. lengthy stay. (
Feru^ Sails To-Day.
The three-masted schooner Alice McDonald.
which was put on the overdue list and quoted
at IS per cent, was yesterday stricken off the
list. A cable from London reported her as
having been epoken. The British bark Elliot,
which left Carrlsal. Chile. 149 days ago for
.Baltimore, was put on the -reinsured list yes
terday and quoted at 45 per cent. The Cromp
ton, out ninety-one days from Newcastle for
this port, was quoted at 15 per cent. The rata
on the H. F. Glade remains at SO per cent.
Alice McDonald Spoken.
During the discussion Dr.- Elllnwood
suggested that it would be wise to settle
on the site for the hospital in order that
the plans would conform properly there
to. Dr. d* Ancona thought it inadvisable
to discuss the site, as-any selection would
raise a storm of opposition and probably
defeat the proposed bond issue. Dr. Wil
liamson said that the present site would
be eliminated because several Supervisors
were opposed to it This leaves the onlji
available site now owned by the city on
the Almshouse and House of Correction
tracts, k -.-... . ,
•Architect Coffey, whose plans were
once 'accepted by the city and subse
quently readopted by the Board of Public
Works, desired to have his plans accepted
with the proviso that the suggestions em
bodied ln .the plans of Dr. Flint be
merged into his, but the committee de
cided otherwise. ,
The advisory committee of, physicians
appointed to consider plans for the pro
posed new City and- County, Hospital held
a conference, last s . night with Supervisor
d* Ancona , for the purpose" of considering
the question.. Two sets of plans had been
submitted! to the committee— one by Arr
chitect Coffey and a second by Dr. J. M.
Flint of the University of California.
After a lengthy discussion, participated
ln by Drs. Hodghead, Ellin wood,-Ander
son. Williamson, Buckley, Kerr, Hlrsch
felder and City Engineer Grunsky, it was
decided to recommend the two plans to
the Board of Works, with . instructions to
incorporate the best .of- both in one de
sign, upon, which estimates of cost will
be made. , '. .
Bequests Board of Works to
. Prepare Estimates. * , "
Advisory Committee of Physicians
RECOMMENDS TWO SETS
OE PLANS FOR HOSPITAL
! chants* Exchange, Ban Francisco, Cal..
May 16. 1002.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time -. . •
/; W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
VANCOUVER.' B C— Arrived May 16— Br
stmr Mlowera. from Sydney; stmr City of
Puebla. hence May 11 ; itmr DolDhin, from
fckagway; Nor bark Antigua, from Callao.
PORTLAND— Arrived May 1G— Stmr Aber
deen, from San Francisco.
. Sun, Moon and Tide. .
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights . of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE — Tho high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
AMERICAN SCHOONER BOUND FOR THIS PORT FROM PAGO-PAGO, WHICH WAS TAKEN OFT THE OVER
DUE LIST YESTERDAY ON THE STRENGTH OF THE REPORT THAT SHE HAD BEEN SIGHTED AT \
SEA- ¦-¦;¦- ¦ ¦ ¦ -: ¦•-. - ¦ • . ¦ . ; ¦¦¦¦ \ ¦.•..•¦
Captain John Howard. Lieutenant Martin
Novak, with recruits ; Contract Surgeon E. A.
Anderson, accompanying hospital corps men;
J. B. Green, Mise J. M. Dow. Mrs. W. S. Sin
clair, Mrs. M. Menade and two children, Mrs.
George R. Harvey and two children. Miss Mc-
Clure, Miss Sylvia Kennedy and sister, Mrs:
John Herold and two children, J. TV. Ferrier
and wife. Major T. S. McCaleb. Mrs. L. S.
Kelly, Miss Kelly. Chaplain J. E. Yates and
wife, W. Waters Jr. and wife. . Guy M. Ma
fcurin, Phillip de Ring, W. F. Van Hassen, C.
J. Hansen, J. Howarth. J. G. Noyes, G. Fltz
gibbon. C. TV". Stlne. J. J. Cahoon, E. J. Gal
nan, Mies Clara Olimphant, Mrs. J. C Rains,
Mrs. Will Allen and two chilaren. J. H.
Webb and wife, F. P. Faulkner and wife, O.
H. Tibbltt. wife and two children; Mrs. Leora
Day. John Ryan and wife. Miss Florence H.
Sollman. Mrs. William E. Welsh and child.
Chaplain Prioleau and wife. Mrs. L. H. Cook,
Mrs. B. A. Anderson, Chaplain F. B. Doherty,
Mrs. TV. F. Wilder. Miss Arnold, P. F. Lynch,
H. Beaumont and wife. Mrs. O. P. Robinson,
Captain H. B. Flske, Lieutenants H. Watter
eon. II. Hassfdd. O. P. Robinson and L. H.
Cooke. Mrs. J. E. Mead. Mrs. E. H. Hasty
and two children, Mrs. McXarny and child.
Miss M. E. Wallie. Captain J. E. Meade. Rob
ert E. Lindsay, Mrs. Charles Berger and Mrs.
J. Smith.
The Thomas sailed promptly at noon. Her
issengers were as follows:
The army transport Thomas sailed yesterday
for Manila "with fifty-four unasslgned recruits.
twenty-six signal corps men and about sixty
cabin passengers. Among the latter there was
but a sprinkling of army officers, the majority
being civilian employes, school teachers and
army wives and children. There were
peven school teachers and three army chap
lains aboard the transport. The latter were
Rev. J. E. Tates. Rev. Prloleau and Rev. F.
B. Doherty. Among the army women was the
wife of General Jacob Smith, whose "howling
wilderness" order resulted ln a court-martial.
Thomas Sails for l&anila.
There was but one package of treasure
in the Coptic's cargo and only about 56000
worth of opium. The silk in her cargo is
valued at S119.000. She also brought 1000
bales of gunnies.
Miss Katherine Dillon, who hae been
visiting in the Orient, returned on the
Coptic. The other passengers were:
R. Abenheim, Mrs. R. Abenhelm. Miss A.
M. Archibald. Dr. C. Banks. Miss C. P. Bar
nard, Ml5s U. D. Barton. Mrs. C. C. Bennett.
L. Bultmann, E. E. Clark. Miss Qoegrave. J.
E. Cox. Adelbert Cronise, Mrs. Adelbert Cro
nlse. C. F. Davis. Miss K. Dillon and maid,
F. H. Doollttle. J. M. Dorrance. Mrs. J. M.
Dorrance. A. S. Dott. W. S. Dow. Peter Dud
ley. Mrs. Peter Dudley. B. F. Evans. ¥«5. E-
H. Gale, J. \V. Gar.de, Miss Sarah Cjirdner,
A. B. Garrlock, Rev. R. Glover. Mrs. David
Greene. M. Grote, Mrs. M. Grote, A. Gultzow,
Mrs. A. Gultzow. G. F. Henderson. Mrs. H. F.
Hubbard, R. W. Irwin, Miss Mary Irwin.
Master Robert Irwin. Master Richard Irwin,
XV. B. Jackson. "William Keane. Mrs. La Grave,
Captain V. Lettre. J. A. Lusk, F. S. Mason.
Charles E. Miller. Father F. Muglca, J. Q.
Packard, Mrs. \V\. Page, Lieutenant Colonel T.
C. Pears, Mrs. T. C. Pears, Captain N. Pratt,
Mrs. X. Pratt, A. D. Rogers. Mrs. A. D.
Rogers. Ed Schindler, Miss Janet Scudder,
Captain E. G. Squires. V. S. A., T. Steven,
Mrs. T. Steven, Rev. H. P. Thornton, Mrs. H.
P. Thornton. A. Tocher, Mr. Vaughan. C. T.
Waters. Mrs. E. S. Worthington, Emile Tot
trand. Mrs. Emlle Tottrand.
The Coptic brings news of the safe ar
rival at Honolulu of the American ship
Dlrigo, which was overdue and upon
which her underwriters have paid 15 per
cent reinsurance.
passengers and 2135 tons of gen
eral cargo. The Coptic arrived a day
ahead of her schedule and Captain Binder
distinguished himself by docking the liner
without any of the vexatious delay for
which vessels assigned to berths at the
Pacific Mall dock have become notorious.
THE Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's Coptic arrived
yesterday afternoon from the Ori
ent with more than two hundred
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATUBDAYv MAY 17, 1902.
PACIFIC LINER COPTIC ARRIVES FROM THE ORIENT,
MAKING RUN ONE DAY AHEAD OF SCHEDULE TIME
10
Sun rises ....4:58
Sun sets , .-. .. ...7:14
Moon sets 1 2:00 a. m.
O Time Time - Time Time
5. — — - Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• LW HW . LW [H W
17 2:09 1.8 8:26 4.3 1:52 1.6 8:32 6.7
18 2:55 1.8 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0 9:12 6.6
19 3:39 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:16 2.4 9:49 6.6
20 4:20 0.3 11:12 4.4 3:34 2.7 10:22 6.5
21 5:00 — 0.111:59 4.4 4:31 2.9 10:61 6.4
22 5t36 — 0.2 12:44 4.4 6:07 2.9 11:20 6.3
23 6:11—0.2 1:30 4.4 5:45 2.9 11:47 6.1
24 fc:4S— 0.1 2:14 4.4 6:25 2.9 ..... .....
Sttamer.
From.
Due.
Sequoia Hueneme
Mackinaw... Taeoma .;.
Eureka...... Humboldt
Umatllla Puget Sound Porta ....
Santa Monica San Pedro
Meteor Oyster Harbor I
Arge Bel River Ports
Crefccent City Crescent City
Chehalle San Pedro....
North Fork.. Humboldt
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports..
State ef Cal. . Ban Diego & Way Ports.
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports.
San Pedro Grays Harbor ...I
Wellington. . . Comox '.
Pomona.. Humboldt .. '
Columbia.... Eartland & Astoria ....
Acme Siuslaw River
Victoria...:. Oyster Harbor
Lakme Humboldt ..............
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor .......
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ;..
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports ....
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Ports
Mtndalay Coqullle River ..'.
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports.
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan
Alameda Honolulu :
Curacao...... Mexican Ports
Queen........ Puget Sound Ports ....
Acme Sluslaw River .:...:
May IT
May 17
May 17
May 17
May 18
May 18
May 18
May 18
May 19
May 1»
May 19
May 10
May 19
May J9
May 19
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 25
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 28
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Alliance. ..
Sequoia....
Arcata
Arctic
Pcmona. . . .
Guatemala.
Pt. Arena..
Peru
Hyades....
B. Monica. .
Santa Rosa.
Bonita.....
G. Elder. . . ,
Chf halls...
Eureka....
Argo. .'....
Newport...
Dora
J. Kimball.
May 17.
Portland & "Way Pts
Grays Harbor .....
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt ..:
Humboldt ....:..:.
Valparaiso & Way.
Point Arena ..."...
China & Japan ....
May 18.
Honolulu & Kahulul
Humboldt ......'...
San Diego & Way.
Newport & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland.
May 10.
Grays Harbor ..'...
Humboldt
Eel River Ports
Panama . & Way. . .
May 20.
Nome & St. Michael
Nome via Seattle..
May 21.
Siuslaw River ....
Puget Sound Ports.
May 32.
Grays Harbor
San Diego & Way..
San Pedro & Way..
Sydney & Way Pts.
Seattle & Whatcom
Humboldt .........
Nome, via Golofnln
Astoria & Portland
May 24.
WHIapa Harbor...
May 25.
Grays Harbor ..,.'.
May. 26.
Pugret Sound" Ports.
Coquille River. ....
May 27.
China' & Japan.....
3 pin
4 pm
12 m
12 m
1:30 p
12 m
¦2 pm
1 pm
12 m
4 pm
0 am
9 am
11 am
i2""m
4 pm
12 m
2 pm
10 am
Pier 16
Pier • 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier tf
Pier 10
Pier 2
PMS8
Pier 20
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 84
Pier 2
Acme
Umatllla...
5 pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 9
Ban Pedro. .
State Cal...
Coos Bay...
Ventura. . . .
Rainier....
North Fork.
Newsboy...
4 pm
9 am
9 am
10 am
6 pm
9 am
Pier' 2
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier : T
Pier * 2
Pier 2
Pier —
m-i\
Columbia. .
»M
Pier $4
Rival......
9 ¦¦¦¦;:¦.-:-;._
G. Dollar. .
5 pm
Pier . 2
8 pm
Pier i 2
City Puebla.
Mandalay. .
11 am
4 pm
Pier »
Pier .2
Coptic......'
1 pm|
PMSS-
Steamer.
For.
I Balls.
Dolphin . . : . . . Skag-way & Way. Ports. May 10
CltyTopeka.. Skagway 4: . Way ; Ports. May 20
Farallon...; .' Fkagway & Way Ports. May 21
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way Ports. May 23
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts. May 26
J. S. Klmball. Nome direct .':'. : ....... May 25
Dlrl go ; . Skagway • & : Way • Ports. May 27
E. Thompson. Nome A St. Michael... May 27
Centennial . . . Nome : direct I . . ... May 29
Cottage City. Skagway - & . Way Ports. May 30
Sun rises ....4:58
Sun sets , .-. .. ...7:14
Moon sets 1 2:00 a. m.
O Time Time - Time Time
5. — — - Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• LW HW . LW [H W
17 2:09 1.8 8:26 4.3 1:52 1.6 8:32 6.7
18 2:55 1.8 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0 9:12 6.6
19 3:39 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:16 2.4 9:49 6.6
20 4:20 0.3 11:12 4.4 3:34 2.7 10:22 6.5
21 5:00 — 0.111:59 4.4 4:31 2.9 10:61 6.4
22 5t36 — 0.2 12:44 4.4 6:07 2.9 11:20 6.3
23 6:11—0.2 1:30 4.4 5:45 2.9 11:47 6.1
24 fc:4S— 0.1 2:14 4.4 6:25 2.9 ..... .....
Sttamer.
From.
Due.
Sequoia Hueneme
Mackinaw... Taeoma .;.
Eureka...... Humboldt
Umatllla Puget Sound Porta ....
Santa Monica San Pedro
Meteor Oyster Harbor I
Arge Bel River Ports
Crefccent City Crescent City
Chehalle San Pedro....
North Fork.. Humboldt
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports..
State ef Cal. . Ban Diego & Way Ports.
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports.
San Pedro Grays Harbor ...I
Wellington. . . Comox '.
Pomona.. Humboldt .. '
Columbia.... Eartland & Astoria ....
Acme Siuslaw River
Victoria...:. Oyster Harbor
Lakme Humboldt ..............
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor .......
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ;..
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports ....
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Ports
Mtndalay Coqullle River ..'.
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports.
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan
Alameda Honolulu :
Curacao...... Mexican Ports
Queen........ Puget Sound Ports ....
Acme Sluslaw River .:...:
May IT
May 17
May 17
May 17
May 18
May 18
May 18
May 18
May 19
May 1»
May 19
May 10
May 19
May J9
May 19
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 25
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 28
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Alliance. ..
Sequoia....
Arcata
Arctic
Pcmona. . . .
Guatemala.
Pt. Arena..
Peru
Hyades....
B. Monica. .
Santa Rosa.
Bonita.....
G. Elder. . . ,
Chf halls...
Eureka....
Argo. .'....
Newport...
Dora
J. Kimball.
May 17.
Portland & "Way Pts
Grays Harbor .....
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt ..:
Humboldt ....:..:.
Valparaiso & Way.
Point Arena ..."...
China & Japan ....
May 18.
Honolulu & Kahulul
Humboldt ......'...
San Diego & Way.
Newport & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland.
May 10.
Grays Harbor ..'...
Humboldt
Eel River Ports
Panama . & Way. . .
May 20.
Nome & St. Michael
Nome via Seattle..
May 21.
Siuslaw River ....
Puget Sound Ports.
May 32.
Grays Harbor
San Diego & Way..
San Pedro & Way..
Sydney & Way Pts.
Seattle & Whatcom
Humboldt .........
Nome, via Golofnln
Astoria & Portland
May 24.
WHIapa Harbor...
May 25.
Grays Harbor ..,.'.
May. 26.
Pugret Sound" Ports.
Coquille River. ....
May 27.
China' & Japan.....
3 pin
4 pm
12 m
12 m
1:30 p
12 m
¦2 pm
1 pm
12 m
4 pm
0 am
9 am
11 am
i2""m
4 pm
12 m
2 pm
10 am
Pier 16
Pier • 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier tf
Pier 10
Pier 2
PMS8
Pier 20
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 84
Pier 2
Acme
Umatllla...
5 pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 9
Ban Pedro. .
State Cal...
Coos Bay...
Ventura. . . .
Rainier....
North Fork.
Newsboy...
4 pm
9 am
9 am
10 am
6 pm
9 am
Pier' 2
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier : T
Pier * 2
Pier 2
Pier —
m-i\
Columbia. .
»M
Pier $4
Rival......
9 ¦¦¦¦;:¦.-:-;._
G. Dollar. .
5 pm
Pier . 2
8 pm
Pier i 2
City Puebla.
Mandalay. .
11 am
4 pm
Pier »
Pier .2
Coptic......'
1 pm|
PMSS-
Steamer.
For.
I Balls.
Dolphin . . : . . . Skag-way & Way. Ports. May 10
CltyTopeka.. Skagway 4: . Way ; Ports. May 20
Farallon...; .' Fkagway & Way Ports. May 21
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way Ports. May 23
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts. May 26
J. S. Klmball. Nome direct .':'. : ....... May 25
Dlrl go ; . Skagway • & : Way • Ports. May 27
E. Thompson. Nome A St. Michael... May 27
Centennial . . . Nome : direct I . . ... May 29
Cottage City. Skagway - & . Way Ports. May 30
"absolute security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of -s£*~?^**£
SFF f* aIptit p**c* tor headaches SEE*
I UMB\I L.I\O FOR DIZZINESS*
__5irmr for biliousness. nnMimin
GENUINE ViUrV for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS F0R COMSTIPATIOM.
WRAPPRR M. M "R SALLOW SKIH. WRAPPER
WHAFFhh js^l | F0R THECQMPLEXioH "H* rrLri
• • _ • I OX_~HJX-V_B MUS.TWAV.
"_PRI3SrT__]-D OlST RED FA-P-EIR,.*
BAILWAT TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(M>ln Line, Foot of Marfcet Street)
uati — From Ar-ii. 20. 1902. — ..bits'
700- Benicls, Sulsnn, Elmlr- and Sacra- *
- ' t amenta". ... .. 6.55-
7.00a Vsca^llle. "Winters, Ramsey '.. 7.S5r
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vsllejo,
Naps, Ca!i3toRa, Santa Boga. 6. 25?
8.00a D»v1j. Woodland, Knights Landing,
. Marysvllle, Orovllle 7.55 P
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Niles, La t brop. Stockton 7.2Sf
8.00a Nlles. Mcndota. Hanford, Visalla,
Porterrlllo 4.55r
8.30- Shasta Express— Darts, "Williams
(for Bartlett Sprlajs), "Willows,
Red Blu_, Portland 7.55*
8-30a San Jose, Llvermore, Stockton,
- lone, Sacramento. Flacervtlle.
Marysvllle. Chtco. Red Bluff 4.25p
8.30a Oatcdale,Cblnese,Sonora,Taol-— ine 4.25f
8.00a Vallejo 12.25P
8.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stoc". ton, Merced.
Knymond.Fresno and Los Angeles 825a
S.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.65p
ti 0.00a Hayvrard. Nlles and Way Stations. t12.5Sr
10-00 a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. 5-25r
¦M.OOr Sacramento River Steamers. til.OOr
3.00r Benicia, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knlgbts Landing,
Msrysvllle. Orovllle 10.55a
3.30- Hayward, Niles and Way Stations.. 7.5&>
4.00r Martinez.San Ramon.VaUeJo.Napa,
Callstogra. Santa Rosa • 9-25*
4.00> Nlles, Livermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25r
4 30r Haywar_,Nlles.SanJose.Hvermoro tS^SA.^
4.30P The Owl Limited— Fresno, Talare.
Bakersfield. Saagns for SanU
Barbara, Los A-seles 8.55a -
BOO- PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
5C0p Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
i ced, Baymond, Fresno 12-25?
t6.30r NUes Local 725a
6.00p Hsy ward, NUes and San Jose. 7.65a
t8.00r Vtllejo- •• 1125a
B.OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver,
" -Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago 4 2Sy
7.00r San Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnex.
and Way Stations. 11.25a
J7.00p VaUeJo....: : 755*
8.05* Oregon _ California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marjsvllle, Redding.
Portland, Pueet Sound and East. 855 a
$9.10? Hayward and Mies t11-55A
COAST LI N E (S*rroi- fianje).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17.45a Santa Crux Excursion tS.05->
8.15a Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, SanU
Cruz and Way Stations 5.50V
t2.15r Newark. Centerville. San Jose.
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. SanU Crnz and Principal
Way SUUods 10.50a
4.15r Newark. San Jose, Los Gstos t3.50A
M.15p San Jose. Los Gstos. SJanU Cm-... c8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO. Foot of M-rket St. (Slip 8)
— fl:15 KOO 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 r._.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:0O 13:00
t8:05 10:00 a.-. 1200 2-00 400 r.M.
COAST LIN E (Broad <!-«*«).
• (Third and Townsend Streets.) >
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations........... 6.40-
17.00a San Jose and Way stations..... ... ta.OOA
f.OOA New Almaden. ." /4.10*
.15a Monterey Excursion 18.30?
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gilror, Saltaas, San Luis Oblspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45r
8.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos, SanU Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Lai*
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate SUtlons 4.10?
10.30a Saa Jose and Way Stations 8-3Sa
11.30a San Jose and "Way Stations 9.48a I
a1.30r San Jose and Way Stations a7.00r
I2.45P San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Sanu Clara, San Jose, Tree
Plnos, Sanu Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and F»cl_o
Grove 110.45a
3.30? San Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa. Crnz and "Way Stations.... 7.30?
t4.13- San Jose and PrlnclpalWayPtaUons S.3OT
tS-OQr San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way SUtlons 1900a
6.30? S«n Jose »_dPr_tclp*lWsySUtlon» 630?
8.30? San Jose and Way Sutlons „ ; 7 JO?
7.00? New Orleans Express — San Lull
Obtspo, SanU Barbara, Los An -
geles, . Demlng. El Paao, New
Orleans and East. 1030a
«11.45p San Jose and Way Stations
AforMornlns. P t or Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
ft Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
tanday only.
CALIfefiNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEES
SAJ. FRANCISCO ANJ NOBTi PACIFIS
.. _ RAILWAY COMPA5T..
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
SAN PRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays — Extra ti -lj>
. at 11 :3O p. m. . Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m. ••
.SUNDAYS— «:0O. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3O.
SriO 8:20 p. m.
S\y RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
—Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDATS- 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55, 0:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Franclaco] May 4. 1802. |San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. ) day. | , Uon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignacio 9:10 a 8:40 a,
8:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 10:20 a.
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:03 p 8:20 p
. \ 7:35 p|
T:30a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a;
i : ?2 p 2 : _5 a --d 6:03 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 17:35 p 6:20 p
Folton
T:30 a Windsor 10:20 a.
5:00 p Healdsburr 10:40 a
Lytton
GeyservllI*
8 :30 p 8 : 00 a Cloverdalo T:35p 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 at Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 8:00 p| TJklah |7:35pj«:-Op
7:S0a| 8:00 aj Wllllta \ Jj35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al G-ernevilla I 7:83 p|10:20a,
8:30 p| 5:00 p[ |l0:40a) 6:20 p
I : ?2 a ! - :O _J*I I 9:10a] 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 pi Qlen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 g
J:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs ; at
Pulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs ; at Geyserville for Skagss Springs; at
Cloverdale- for the Geysers and Boonevllle: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyvllK Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ulctata for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Pctter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LJerley's.
BucknelVs. Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullville. On-s.
Hot Springs. Half-way House. - Ctomptcho.
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg Weatport. Usal; at Wllllts for Sher-
£°Sf Ca 5 t0 - Covel °. Laytonville. Cummings.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's Dyer. Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka. • - * • *~
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all polnU
beyond dan Rafael at half rates ¦
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl-
building.
H. C. WHITTNO. R. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sannallto Ferry,
Commencing April 27. 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBT
_____ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. »7:45, 8:45 9-30. 11-00
£_* m -_ I? :2 ?i A 1:45 ' 3:15 ' 4:15 . «:-* #:i£
_SUNDATS-7.00. 8:00. •9:00. 10:00. 11:00.
£0? ZSygtZt-?™- '^ 5:0 °- 6:0 °-
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DATS— 3:20. -B^O. 7:40. 8:15\ 4:30.
11:CO a, m.. 12:25. 2:13, -"a:,©. 4:40. 5:30. 6:45*
10:15 p. m. .....
SUNDAYS— 6:00. •8:00. 9:30. *ll:00 a. m..
12:00 m., 1:00. 2:15, «3:30, .:15. »5:45. 6:4^
7:30, 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILX. VAJ__ET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:40. 6:40, 7:45. 8:25. 9:45.
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:l6. 5:20. 7:10.
10:15 p. m. ,
SUNDATS— 6:30. 7:55, 10:05 U:10 a. m..
12:15. 1:20, 2:30, 3:45, 5:00. 6:05 7:15 10:40
P. m. '
; THROUGH TRAINS.
* :4 5 a. n j. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
,8:15 -p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m. weei days (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations.
8:00 . a, m. Sundays— Cazadero and way
stations. x -
* 10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦
_ Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on .
Sunday time. .
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KEARST ST. Established
In IS3-1 for the treatment of Private
Dl.teaaes, Lost -lanbood. Debility or
•iiscas" wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
others fait. Try him. rharges !° w »
(nr^eunrnntcfil. Call or write.
Pr. J. _*. UIBBON, Man Francisco. Cat,
THE WEEKLY CALL
*$»_ per Year*
..,¦--¦ , - .
Fire and Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY. .INSURANCE COMPANY.
OV HARTFORD IN THE STATE OF CON- f\ F SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OF
necUcut on the 31st day of December, U Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
A D 1901 and for the year ending on ber, A. D. 1801. and for the year ending on
that dav as made to the Insurance Commiu- that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and Oil of the the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code ' condensed as .per blank fur- Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the "Commissioner. nlshed by the Commissioner.
' CAPITAL,
.' CAPITAL. CS Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
: f In Cash ......$2,000,000,00
A Tn° U Ca t sh f CaPUaI St ° Ck> P . U . P 41.000.000 00 ASSETS.
¦ n . n •* V , . Real Estate owned by Company.. $222.325 00
ASSETS. Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 554,450 00
— - Cash Market Value of all Stocks
Real Estate owned by Company... $399,053 32 and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,084.040 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 647,716 00 Amounts of Loans secured by
Cash Market Value of all Stocks Pje dge, of Bonds, Stocks and
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,627,469 00 other / marketable securities as
Cash In Company's Office , 667 73 collateral 21.375 00
Cash in Banks ....310.574 00 Cash in Company's Office 8.610 34
Premiums in due Course of Collec- _ Cash in Banks 409.699 06
t l 0n . 609.737 37 Interest due and accrued on all
• .• — r : Stocks and Loans 27,308 43
Total Assets $5,604,216 42 Interest due and accrued oh Bonds . .
— ~lz and Mortgages 13,623 23
•. , . Premiums ln due Course of Collec-
LIABILITIES. « tion 643,336 02
•• •¦•.-¦¦¦• , Rents due and accrued 135584
Losses adjusted and unpaid $101,074 87 Due from other- Companies for Re-
Losses ln process of Adjustment or . insurance on losses already paid ' 12.764 57
in Suspense 23i,996 08 . ___________
Losses resisted. Including expenses 23,606 60 < Total Assets $5,838,887 49
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- • —
ning one year or less, $2,272,- LIABILITIES:
456 31; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1,136,228 15 Losses adjusted and unpaid $85 822 31
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ; Losses in process of Adjustment or
ning more than one year, $2,548,- , '___ „. ' In Suspense 218 8«2 t«
832 50; reinsurance pro rata 1.419.25S 00 Losses resisted, including expenses 34*756 01
Contingent reserve fund ,5 5 /j>$JJ °°, Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
All other liabilities li 9.779 42 ning one year or less. $2 008-
Total~L,abiHtie. $3,122.043 12 G^ £^S£1& S2£»k_ 1 -°° 4 ' 301 ff
=_ _= ning more than one year, $2,056,-
„ ¦ _,,_ 16 " 4 8: reinsurance pro rata.... 1.159.283 18
INCOME. Commissions and Brokerage due x ' i ** f " 4 *» is
Net cash actually received for Fire - and t0 due. .....; 108.667 20
Re P c r elve l d UI ?o 8 r inl-S^^^gg " ™*' -^ :.»«.«»
Mortgages ..'. 39,628 00 INCOME.
Received for interest and dividends • Net cash actually received for Flra
on . Bonds, Stocks. Loans and • premiums $2,922,078 03
* from all other sources 153.302 10 Received for Interest on Bonds and
Received for Rents 4,158 60 •Mortgages 30,562 32
Profit and Uyss. 138 40 Received for Interest and dividends
. . •¦• . . on Bonds, Stocks,-- Loans and
Total Income $3,630,386 00 from all other sources 158 898 7S
- Received for Rents I 4.40871
EXPENDITURES. . . * , , . Total Income ....'...'........ _$3.HB,947 S5
Net amount paid for Fire Losses EXPENDITURES. - =
(Including $209,864 05. losses of Net. amount paid for Fire Losses >
previous years $1,. 51,880 44 (Including $195,556 64. losses of
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00 previous years) $1 400 1RO VT
Paid or allowed for Commission or Dividends to Stockholders ".'. '. '.'.'.'.'. '150 000 00
Brokerage .......^. •,-••••• 651.699 21 Paid or allowed for Commission or low ' wo w
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other ~ Brokerage ... Hfli JW9 ma
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 207.625 59 Paid for Salaries. Fees'and "other ool ' szz OT
Paid for State, National and Local charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 121,96- 57
.taxes 110.967 74 Paid for State. National and Local
All other payments and expendl- taxes ... 97 215 85
tures 360.59406 All other payments "and"e_pendl-
Total Expenditures $3,202.667 04 tUTt * 313.658 20
- _. Total Expenditures ..$2,734,741 07
¦ Fire. . — — ¦
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$1,867,068 12 -- ¦ • Flre^
Risk, and Premiums. Fire RlsHs. Premiums. Incurred during th, yetr.. 41,615,683 10
Net amount-oT^kl -— — - Risk, and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium..
written during the . . . . Net amount of Risks
year...". v. $520,605,644 $4,794,779 88 written during the
Net amount of Risks . year $313.578. 672 S3 823 403 KT
expired during the . Net amount of Risks ?°"'°' a> '" <s **ws».«3 87
year 391,259,277 3,719,379 20 expired during the
Net amount In. force year 208,811,547 2874350 84
December 31. 1901.. 506.668.065 4.821.288 81 Net ' amount in force
JAMES NICHOLS, President. «. . 901 .. 402.150,165 4,064,770 00
: B..R. STILLMAN. Secretary. \ A. ~T. DAMON. President.
da^au? 3 !^. 0 " 1 g Mon me thl - uth
FRED B. SEYMOUR, Notary Public. PERCY S.-GATES. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
34 Sansome Street, Corner Bush.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
" Manager. Asst. Manager.
OF THE-
GONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE
Established 1823.
UflB 6_f|B|
iwlLdUII
That's All!
9AKE JOSEPH. BecrescnUtlve, SOO Battery Street, San Francisco* •-*-'-.
- BB wQlraO ' £ WB lr^fl__ "^CEJ
R_i CD H Dc_l _^__o R*-i _D_n« 01 T_3T _hi_-k8
MfcOl _r« RJfl t3^'3*l b_^_m ___?_ mjJ
- BAHWAY TBAVEI-
»anta Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local I LJm'cI | Ovrl'd I Ixjcal"
'• Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 9:00a 8:00 p 4:20 n
Ar. Stockton. 10:19 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
.-;; Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 0 Up
.. S" 8 ? 0^" 2:05 P 2; 35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
Hanford;. 8:12 p 3:27 p 8:06 a ..„..
" Visalla... 3:3!> p 8:0aa **-
' - Bakersfld 6:15 p 8:20 p 7 :45 a .*.*.*".'
"Kan. CTty ...... 2:40 a 7:30 a ......
Chicago 2:15 p 9:00p
f- tor mornlngr. ¦ p for afternoon. ¦¦¦¦ •„
'.i-^2?-*" S-, traIn o! 9 the California Limited,
carrying: Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlns
¦ t? r ?_tar on ff r^ t ? Chlca K°- car ran?
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
flrst-clasa passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
, 4: ?° ?_ m - l8 st( x:kton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12-30
p. m. dally. . . ,
¦ 8 p. m. is the Overland '• Express, with,
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m
dally.
7:20 a." m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m". dally.
Of flees— &U Market street and ln Ferry
Oakhuid San f rancIsco; 1112 Broadway.
~* ™ \ / , r 4^=
nOUNT TAjyiALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leave Via Sausalito Ferry S~- Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
efts* d_vV .^i-.-ii^l 5^
:::::r. i;a>p:: ;a T»EBiFT-uir_r. kni-—--
........ 2:80 P. Op««ll«J>«je«r«m*. 8'15 p* "*"*""
. Tiektt 0— ON. Ml MAKXXT STB_XT tal BAVS— UIO R—ft— ¦ '
. eORORBEol AND UBINABT DI8CH_KQ_3
* ' Bmtt tH A w _H L_s 1 a, B _^m >.
A CURE IN 48 HOURS,
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
#_ysEii_ of mmm\
9 &' u^U;ST.ltt. 6i*7t_, S.P.&I. I
\ '¦-¦ '•*_:•' ~J h ,5 L W ei £ Al - t0 - le - Museum in the \
U —¦.««*' 1— World, neaknestet or anv contrartrri A
® BWJl&\ s P ecl » ll " oat ' l< :Co«L Esl is years. C
P H_J^ft DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
_ l®6#6 ConsultMloa free and strictly prirate. \
9 4 ArrtB lj»* tnien ' personally or by letter. A A
\ 1 ff W H P * ntlt ' Cure ln «»ery case undemken. V
mrU 11 9 "¦ Write (n Book.'P-tI_0!«OI>BY of A
V ¦ 0 . : II ~l . M*«mA«E. MAILED FREE. IJl.9
X & i|, nluable book for men) _
f DB.JOBBAK * C<0.. 1051 Market St. S. F ¥
_tii___3-k f* CHICHESTKR-S
ST 1 *^®^ !3.£? D J??: <1 °Sfd n»«t-l!« boie.. m_^
- V _~\H fr . _*tt* f * tap| - Ml| « i » 1 ' <*«•««•»¦. by f«.
WeafcMen andiWomen
SHOULD' USE DAMIANA 3ITTERS. TUB
Great ' Mexican i Remedy ; " gives health ' and
strength to aexual organs. ¦ Depot.. 323 Market.
k'mt* s1gnat_ro is on every box of the genuine
Bromo-Quinine t»i>w» > j ;
W< temody that cwres a edit in •_*> 4taj.FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
n - - - • - - ' ¦ ¦ . - .
NEW; YORK.-. May'l6.Vn! G*. Dun ; & Co 's
Continued on Page Zhlrta^B*
] .Dun's Review of Trade;
'.HOGS— Receipts, .27,000;,' to-morrow,- 20 000"
left over,", 3000. > Five tp ten cents lower. Closed
CHICAGO. r May , > ; 18.— CATTLE— Receipts.'
330Q; active, steady.- Good to -prime steers,,: $7
-07 ' 50 ;, poor , to, medium, . ?5®6 50 ;, stockers' - and
feeders', :$2 75@5 60; cows, -$1 50@6 25; heif
ers, ?2- 75® 0 00: canners, $1 50(52 50; bulls
$2 76®5 75; calves, '$2® 7; Texas-fed steers
$4C0@0 50.-: -.-.-¦-. ,-'.';„. . .;;, a ,.-: ,-,, _ ; .¦••.¦......*:»•-.,¦;.¦.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
¦' BAGS— Grain Bags. June arid July, 6c; San
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32335c; Fleece
Twine, 7%.®8c* : '
. COAL— Wellington. $9 per : ton; Southfleld
.Wellington." $9; -Seattle,": $8 50; Bryant. $8 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls-:
end. $?50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania" A ntnraclte Egg. — — ; Welsh Anthra
cite. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per
ton in bulk • and $17 in ¦ sacks : Rocky - Moun
tain descriptions, . $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per ton; according to . brand. 1 :-
Harrison's circular says: Durlns th» ¦ weak
General Merchandise.
, NEW YORK, May 16. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram ¦ says:'
Stocks were idle, but .steady , ; on reassuring
peace reports. Consols sold at 95%.. The
American department was weakest, trading be
ing dominated by the coal strike situation.
Prices . opened % point ; under parity, and
dwindled . further under New York's afternoon
offerings. X ' Then ' they steadied, but the , de
cline was -. renewed In the street. Baltimore
and Ohio and'' Union Pacific' were the - flattest.
Rio -Tlntos sold at 65 on the fortnightly statis
tics showing reductions In' stocks of. 044 tons
and in supplies of 14C9 tons.
New York Money. Market.
NEW YORK. May 16.^-CLOSE-^-Money .on
London Market.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. ' May 16.— Some advance in : tin
at New York gave a steady closing tone -with
spot quoted at $30 05@30 35. This followed a
gain of 17s 6d at London, \ where spot "closed at
£137'5s ana;iutures.:at£132 15sJ v Copper was
steady' to* flrm ; here, with lake at 12.12%®
12.37%c. electrolytic, at 11.90@12.00c and catt
ing at-11.87%@12.009.^ . At London copper
closed even with' yesterday's final prices, with
spot and futures. at £64 10s. Lead was steady
here and unchanged at $4 12% and the Lon
don market was likewise I unchanged af £11
12s ' 6d. , Spelter ; ruled - steady at $4 45 and
London 'was unchanged and steady at £18 10a
The local iron' market ruled steady. ¦- Warrants
.were nominal. ' No.-.' 1 foundry, northern, -. $19 ¦¦ 50
@20 60; No. 2 foundry, northern, $19 50@20,50"
No. 1 foundry.' . southern, : $18 60@19 60 • No ! 1
f oundry, -. southern; . soft, •. $18 50®19 50. \- "The
English, markets were steady, -.with-. Glasgow
closing ; at . 53s 8d and Middlesboro at 48s %d
The London- metal markets will remain closed
until next: Tuesday, owing, to the holidays a
New York Metal Market
.-j ONIONS— Oregon.': $2 25;, Australian, $3 50®
3 75, second" hands;; new red, 60@75c per sk;
Sil versklns. 75c@?l ¦ per box. -.; . .
.VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra 4 fancy.
$2@2 25 per box.$l 50@l,75 for No.,1 'and 85c
@$1 40 for. No. 2 ; < Rhubarb. , 25@60c per box;
extra T fancy, ; 75c®$l ; Green Peas.T 40@65c % per
sack j I Garden Peas. 75c@$l • per sack; - String
Beans-, from Los ; Angeles, 1 3@4c per lb, . includ
ing , Wax : ! from » Vacavllle. ' 5©6c ; Cabba ge. 75®
90c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 60(32 per
box ; and * crate;; Mexican . Tomatoes, *. $2 ¦;¦ per
box", for ¦¦ repacked : ' Dried ' Peppers, . 10@llc per
lb; Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, $1 , per
: sack: e Hothouse Cucumbers. 7 40@75c per dozen
for. small and $1@1 25 for, large; Garlic, 2ff3c;
: Los : Angeles \Green Peppers, - 10@l5c ; , Mexican
do, 10@12%c;;Egg Plant, from Los Angeles. 8@
10c; Summer. Squash. 'from Los Angeles, 75c©
POTATOES — New Potatoes, $175@2 25;
with somet fancy higher;,: old, $1 25@1 65
for Burbanks from. the river; from Oregon and
Washington,* $1 60@l 90; Oregon Garnet Chiles,
$1 50@l 65 ;¦„ River Reds, .' $1 30®i;50; Early
Rose for seed. $1 65®1 75; -Oregon Burbanks,
for seed, $1 50®l 65; SweetsA Jobbing at $2®
2-25.>- ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ -'¦ . ¦ •'¦¦ -.:• ¦¦•"•; .>¦>¦•. ¦¦•>-¦>;
Asparagus met with a brisk- demand, and as
about half of the usual amount came In prices
were . higher. Stocks 'of Peas « cpntlnued large.
The • canners paid 25c 1 per sk for the common
offerings and lc per lb •• for the garden. . Fine
largo Rhubarb .sold fairly,. but the small; stock
was dull at' the .quotations.,, 'Tomatoes; were
firm! under a steady inquiry and light supplies.
Other "Vegetables were -plentiful' and-, prices
were unchanged. Two, bxs of Cucumbers were
received from ,Yuma,-. Arizona, , but were .not
sold.- -¦-.¦- -'¦¦ '¦"¦ • .--¦ ¦¦•¦¦'.*¦-.: . f- -¦"¦¦• ¦ ¦ -" ¦
New. Onions were weaker under large sup
plies.';. Over 1400 sks ¦ came in : yesterday and
there was a large quantity of carried-over stock
offering. , Old were unchanged. . - . ¦¦
, Receipts of new Potatoes are steadily In
creasing and prices were a shade lower yester
day.; Old : were- plentiful and 'dull * at", easier
prices. \ The demand , for Oregon' Burbanks for
seed was' less brisk and 'the quotations were
lower. ','¦: Some -very small stock was sold below
the quotations, , ; / : • .-
Potatoes, Onions arid Vegetables.
*— — ' . .' — ..¦;.¦:- -. ) ., ..»
" ".-'\ ; .LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - '" • , May. ' ' ' July. S«pt.
Opening" 6.1% - ; 6 1% 6 3%
Closing 6 1% . 6 1% 6 3%
:. ¦: -.•'.- ' -< -; : Paris:.'. ¦' '.-' : . ': , .-¦ ¦
Wheat — ' ; May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening: ....'2205 2045
Closing .....:..... 22 05 20 45
' Flour — ¦ ." ¦ .'..'.-. -.¦-:' ¦ '¦ ¦' . '.-.',
Opening .................... 26 70 : / .- 26 5d
Closing .....;..: 26 70 . 26 55 .
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ere as folloows:
- BEEF — 7®7%c for Steers and 6%©7c per;lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®8%c; Ewes, 7%0
8c per lb. .¦ • "¦ . . -- .
LAMB — Spring Lambs. 9@10%c.per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. . '¦ '
¦¦'. The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, lesa 00
per. cent shrinkage for cattle: r . .. ,. -. •
- CATTLE— Ste.ers,8%®9c; Cows and Heifers.
7®7%o; thin Cows,. 4®5c per Ib.- .
~ CALVESt-5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
-. SHEEP— Wethers. 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3%o per
lb (gross- weight). - •:- " :¦ ' -•• • . -
-LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50®2 75 per
litad or 4%®5c per lb llveweight; yearlings. 4
e4%c per lb. ••
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 8%c,
200 ¦ lbs and ¦ over, r 6®6%c; feeders, 6@6Vic;
sows 20 per . cent off, ¦ boars 50 per cent oil
and stags 40 per cent. off from the above quo
tations. . •
DRESSED MEATS.
¦ The local packers have again ; reduced their
bids for Hogs and say that they are getting all
they want, which is not many, at the decline.
Receipts are slowly increasing:. There Is 'no
change In the other Meats, but the jobbers
say that there will soon be, as supplies of
both Beef and Mutton are increasing and the
market is perceptibly weakening.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Foreign Futures.
. On the ' Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was. easy; creameries, 18@>21%c; dairies.
18@20c. Cheese, unchanged, 12@13c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 14%@15c.
¦ Beans continue weak and 'holders , have "to
shade 'the quotations to sell. Pinks and Bayos
show -a slight decline and Whites are weak.
Tho other kinds remain about the same.
BEANS — Bayos. $3@3 10; small White- $2 40
«?2 50: large White, $2 30@2 40; Pea $3 250
3 50; Pink.* $2 05@2 15; Red, $2 60; Blackeye,
$4 90@5;Llmas, $3 65@3 75; Red Kidneys, $3 50
@3 75 per ctl. • : • ¦. - , ...
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 50@2 65;. Tel
low- Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary. 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah.
10%@ll%c; :California, 10@10%c; Rape 1%(«)
2%c: Hemp. 3%c per lb.. ¦ J.
¦- DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 60®2; Green $1 50
@2; Blackeye.- nominal./
Beans and Seeds.
. Cash quotations were as.' follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 72%@75%c; No. 2
red, 82c; No.- 2 oats, 43V4@43%c; No. 2 white,
45%c; No. 3 white, 45@46c; No. 2 rye, 60%c;
fair to choice malting barley, 69@72c; No. 1 flax
Beed, $160; Np.M Northwestern, $1 77; prime
timothy. seed, $6 40; mess pork, per bbl, $17 25
@17 30; lard, per 100 lbs. $1032%@10 35; Bhort
rib sides (loose), $9 70@9 80; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 8@8%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$10 40@10 50; ' whisky, basis of Jllgh wines,
$130; clover; contract grade, $835. •¦ :
Articles — ... ..- -Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, .barrels'.......... 19.000, ,- • 9,000-
Wheat, bushelB ......... 25,000 . ' 18.000
Corn, bushels ."..,.'.;...:: (56.000 .' 217.000
Oats, bushels ....:.. 123,000 , '¦. 262,000.
Rye, . bushels- ;/..... 5,000 91,000
Barley, bushels ...... ..*. '31.000 1,000
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal,0%c; Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll@13c; Dry Calf. 16@18c; Culls and
Brands. 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
30c -each; short Wool. 40@60c each; medium,
65@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium, $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, " $1 75 - for large, $1 60 for
medium, $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 32%c.
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 35c. ' . .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%©6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%e.
- WOOL — Spring — Northern free. 14@16c: do.
defective, 13@14c: Middle County free, 13@15c;
do, ¦ defective, 12® 13c; Southern, 12 months, 9@
10c; do," 7 months, 0@llc; Foothill.- 11® 13c;
Nevada. 12@15c per lb. « •
. HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good, to choice.
Hides, Tallow f Wool and Hops.
¦ For Canada, failures ' for . the ¦ week number
22, against 22 last week and 24 In this week' a
year ago. . ' -; : • v
' . . Business failures for the. week number 100,
as against 179 last week, 192 in this week last
year, 155 in 1900. 168 In 1899 and 2111n<1808.-
Wheat exports, July 1. 1901. to date (forty
six weeks), aggregate 224.339,696 , bushels
against 183,877,607 bushels last season. ,.</..; -•:
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 3,373,424 bushels, against 3,302 240
bushels last week and 3,301,908 bushels in this
week last year. •¦ ' ¦ 1 - . • . . ... ..-,
: Despite the. largest production" ot '.. pigiron
on record; at the rate of 18,000, 00p tons *a year
Bessemer pig- is $21 at Pittsburg, No. 2 North
ern sells at $22 at Chicago, an. advance of $6
in six months and 60 cents to $1 50 higher than
recent sales, and Southern iron can no longer
be held down to $12. and sales are reported at
an advance of $6 at Birmingham. •..- ¦ . • .'-.-• .
Sugar is unsettled. The decrease in Euro
pean beet sowings is only a small one and raws
and refined are lower, but the canning season
is approaching and a larger business is looked
fo.-. as the small fruit crops promise well. Spot
coffee is no higher -and supplies are, very heavy
Anthracite coal, as. a result of the strike ' has
been marked up $1 per. ton by retailers, rl'- ¦ ¦ :
Notable strength is still, shown in' prices of
mimy staples, particularly those In which spec
ulation Is not very' prominent. Cash wheat
flour and corn are all higher on the week hog
products have advanced, hides are at about the
highest point in years, and copper,, long a lag
ger, is stiffening in prlce.v . -
The effect of .the copious.: rains in the" West
has been In high degree favorable and Is re
flected, in improved buying from Jobbers for fall
delivery . Briefly stated," the winter wheat yield
will be heavily reduced from last year's bumper
?^S f bl i. t ., the °V tlook « ve « her e is better than In
1809. while spring wheat promises well (present
prices not favoring a heavy decrease in acre
age). Produce prices and : dairy products are
weakening as supplies increase, but meats are
stiU high and permanently lower prices are not
looked for until autumn. The industrial out
look, aside from the anthracite trouble and the
possibility of .this trouble. If extended involv
ing tome branches of the iron and steel trades
Is on the whole no more unsettled than might
be expected in a time of more than ordinary
prosperity. Wage advances, gome of them vol
untary, have been numerous, and some other
troubles are approaching settlement Fuller
railroad earnings returned from April confirm
last week's report of a gain of. 11 per cent over
April a year ago. while for the first, week of
May the Indicated gain is In excess of 8 per
cent. * - • .".,'¦•.
Conditions governing trade lack uniformity
and explain irregularity In advices from differ
ent sections. The prominent feature is of
course, the favorable character of nearly all
crop advices (winter excepted), but even here
tho improvement since May 1 has neutralized
much that was unfavorable. before " CUUJ "' zea
The shade overhanging Eastern trade, in. the
shape of a general anthracite coal strike has
deepened with the formal suspension of work
ana the Btrike announcement. Cool weather
hitherto haa retarded retail demand and in the
agricultural sections the population? has been
buPlly engtfged. Hence present < demand has
suffered in comparison with the outlook for th»
future, but reorder business from Jobbers has
been very fair despite this. "'.-. ".' '-•.., < ¦
NEW YORK. May 16—Bradstreefa to-mor
row will say:
'• Rolled Barley arid Bran are slightly' higher
again.' Middlings and Corn products rule firm.
There. Is nothing new in Hay. . .
BRAN— $17 60® 18 60 per ton. " - ?
MIDDLINGS — $21@22 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $21@22 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@2tt; Job
bing, $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $200)21: Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked. Corn, $31 50@32 50-
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
•HAT— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat
$S 60@ll; Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@11- Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer. $6 60@8 50; Stock $ti@8
per, ton. ¦ ¦ -¦¦¦¦- ' <*
STRAW— 40® 65c per bale.-
Hav and "Feedstuff s.
Bradstreefs on Trade.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount . to the trade: ¦ Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal.
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream, do, $4; Oat Groat3, $5 25; Hominy, $1®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour (4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; ¦ Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; in
Backs. ¦ $6 S5@8 50; Pearl Barley $5 50- Split
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs
FLOUR-rCalifornla Family. Extras, $350©
3 75, usual terms; ¦Bakers\Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per-, barrel for. family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers' $3®
3 60. ¦:.'¦ ••¦¦¦. •¦ . . '
Flour and Millstuffs.
Sales. Hi£h. Low.. Close.
Atchison .:. O.«O0 7fc% 77% 77%
Atchison pfd 600 S7% 97% 97%
Bait & Ohio .. 4.4O0 106% 105% 105%
Bait & Ohio pfd -••• »5.
Canadian Pacific .. 12,200 127% 120% .127%
Canada Southern .. 1,500 95% 94% 05
Cbesap & Ohio ... 2,400 4<J% 46% 40%
Chi &. Alton 13,800 38% 37. 37
Chi & Alton prd... 1.2O0 77% 70 75%
Chi Ind & Lcuis... 1.900 77% 7« 70%
Chi Ind & L pfd 87
Chi & E Illinois... 100 162 162 1«2
Chi & Great Weet.. 3.900 29% 28% .28%
Chi & Q W A pfd .... 88
Chi & G W B pfd. 900 49 48% 49
Chi & Northwestn. ' 800 , 250 248 240
Ch! R I & Pacific. 500 172 171"% 171.%
Chi Term At Trans . 800 21% 21 21>.i
Chi Term & T pfd. 2,000 K8% 38% 37Ti
C C C A St Louis.. 100 lWi 100 103%
Colo Southern .... 700 29% 29% 30
Del & Hudson 4,400 174% 171% "171%
Del Lack & West. . " 263%
Denver & Rio G.. 300 41% 41% 41%
"Denver & R G pfd. C00 00 89% 89%
Rrie 800 3«% 38 • 36%
Erie lrt pfd 1,300 «7% . «6% Wi%
Erie 23 pM 4O0 52% 52 51%
Great North pfd... 200 1X2 182 183
Hocking Valley .. 400 80% 80% 80%
Hocking Val pfd... 200 i>0% »0 88
Illinois Central ... 2,100 153 151% 151%
Iowa Central 44%
lom-a Central pfd . • .... : , S3%
K C Southern 8.700 33% 32 . 32V4
K C Southern ofd.. 1.000 Gn% 'C9V>- CI)%
Lake Erie & Went. 400 C7% . 60% ' fifi
L Erie & W prd *.;..\j28-
Loul* & Nanhvtlle. 3.100 140% l.T»% 139% j
Manhattan L 3,700 132% 131% 132 I
Metropolitan 6t Ry ROrt HR 147% 147 . j
Mexican Central .. L100 W 27% 27%
Mexican National . 400 IR% 18 - lfii.j j
Minn & fit Louis... 4.000 110% 110 110
Missouri Pacific ;.. 3.«00 »»% »«% n»
M K & Texas .1,100 25 25 .25 |
NEW TORK STOCK LIST
XEW TORK. May 16. — The conspicuous fea
ture of to-day's weak stock market was entire
lack of any supporting demand at- any 'stage
of the djicllne. Evea the roam-shorts, who'al
most invariably cover snort contracts at the
end of a day of declining prices, showed no
solicitude about covering, and the market
seemed almost entirely to *acJc resiliency. The
liquidation was not heavy, but such as 1. was,
was very general. While the decision of the
anthracite miners for astrike was the ostens
ible cause of the weakness, the depression was
not confined to. the coalers, nor was It par
ticularly conspicuous there. Reading was first
in point of activity, but allowing for its half
ehares the sales were but little In excess of
thoee of Union Pacific. The three-rpolnt de
cline in Reading was fairly attributable to the
fact that it has been selected as the repre
sentative of recent speculative confidence in
the coal trade outlook. The other ¦ coalers
shared about equally with the weakness of tne
general market, which is represented by quite
uniform losses of from 1 to 3 points. The un
flfcviatirjg assurance that there would be no
strike, which has been expressed throughout
the period Eince a strike was threatened by all
representatives of the controlling interests In
the coalers, leaves no room for doubt that the
final decision to strike was a surprise. Con
fidence in a favorable outcome of the struggle
of benefit to the coal operators continued to
be expressed in Wall street to-day. But this
could not alter the general Impression, that- a
prolonged and serious struggle is in prospect.
It did not need the ' formal announcement by
President Mitchell of the purpose of the min
ers to make the strike a national mining
etrike to awaken anxiety over the possible ex
tension of the labor trouble by sympathy into
other fields, especially Into the bituminous
coal fields. The collateral effects of such an
extension are eaey to be understood,, but . dif
ficult to estimate. The effect upon the Iron
and steel Industries, already struggling .with
scarcity of material of all kinds, would be
most notable. The Iron and steel stocks shared
in the general weakness. Reports of an ad
vance of $4 a ton in the price of Southern iron
rather strangely added to the depression, as it
is felt that the maintenance of the high level
of consumption is dependent upon the sustained
steadiness ~>t the price. Attention was given
also to the estimate of the Iron Age that the
producing capacity of pig iron for the coun
try would be increased 300,000 tons this year
and 4,000.000 tons by the end of 1903. The
wet weather in the Northwest retarding. the
seeding of the crops may have been a depress
ing Influence, although the weakness in the
corn market should have been a fair offset. .
Bonds were dull and Irregular. Total sales,
par value. {2,360.000. . .
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last calL •: " .
New York Stock Market.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12 %c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 12%c: 10-lb tins, 13%c; 5-lb tins, 13%c;
3-lb tins. 13% c.
COTTOLENi: — One half -barrel, 10% c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one . tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, lOVic; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and ~16©17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef. $9@9 50 per
bbl: extra Mess, $10®10 50; Family, $11®
11 50; prime Mess Pork, $15 50@16; extra clear,
$23; Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50®
12 50; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75: Smoked
Beef. 13%@14c per lb. - !
This market was dull and unchanged. 'Deal
ers continue to sell under the Chicago market
and say that still another advance will . be
necessary to establish the< level between . this
market and Chicago.
Cliicago was slightly higher on the day. but
It looked as if somebody was supporting the
market. Receipts of Hogs were ! fair and tha
cash demand was moderate. . \ ;
Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
.There Is no further change In Butter and
Eggs. Meats are weak in the wholesale mar
kets, owing to increasing supplies, but the re
tail market has not yet been affected, Lower'
prices are looked for, however.
Grapes from Honolulu are selling 'as quoted
below. Apricots are added to the list. Cher
ries, Strawberries and Gooseberries are cheaper.
Most of the Summer Vegetables are also lower.
There is no change in Fish or Poultry.
COAL. PER TON—
Cannel ....$— — @13 0»tSouthfleld
Wellington. — — ©11 CO Wellington $ — @11 00
Seattle .....— : — @ 8 50 Coos Bay.... — @ 7 OO
Roslyn .... @ 9 OOlGreta ." — @10 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, 1 choice, sq35@45 Common Eggs. — ®17%
Do good 35®— Ranch Eggs, per -
Common 30@ — dozen 20@23
Cheese, Cat 12@15 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 17££0 pound 15@20
Cheese, Swiss.... 20<&oO Do extracted... 8®10
MEATS, PER LB.—
Bacon ...14@1S Pork Sausages. 12%® IS
Hams 13@17 1 Smoked Beef ... .17020
Lard 15@— I
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces , the following retail prices
for meats:
Roast Beef . ... -10@15| Spring Lamb..l2%<a20
Tenderloin. Stk.l5@17% Roast Mutton. 12%@
Porterhouse do. 17%<g20 Mutton Chops.. 12%<ai3
Round Steak... 10® 12%; Mutton Stew .... 8@10
Beef Stew 3@1<} Roast Veal 12@15
Corned Beef 8@10 Veal Cutlets 15@13
Roast Lamb ....15@1S Roast Pork ...12%015
Lamb Chops 15@20tPork Chops — ®13
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50@90 Pigeons, pair ....40<@50
Young Roosters, Squaba, per pair.50<96S
-each 75@$1 Rabbits, each....l5@20
Old Roosters, ea.50@75 Hare, each — <g2U
Fryers, each 50®75 English Snipe,
Broilers, each.. .30350 per dozen... — @5l 00
Turkeys, per lb..20@22 Jack Snipe.... — ®$2 50
Ducks, sach 65@$1 Wild Geese, per
Geese, each ...$1 50@2 pair 75®$1
Goslings $2@2 5C Brant, each 26@33
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Apricots, lb —©30 Grapes, lb —035
Alligator Pears, Gooseberries, lb.. 10@15
¦ each 25@50 Dried Figs, per lb — @10
Almonds 15@20 Limes, dozen 10#15
Apples 3® 5 Lemons, dozen. : .20930
Cherries, per lb. .10015 Oranges, dozen. .20@60
Pecans' -.., — ©20 Pineapples, each.30@50
Brazil Nuts 20@— Rahslns. per lb.. 5®15
Bananas, doz — .15f£25 Strawberries, per
Cocoanuts; each.. — @10 drawer °.30®50
Cirape Fruit, per Walnuts, perlb,.15®2O
dozen . 50@75
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus 5@10 Okra, dried, lb.. — ®25
Artichokes, doz.. 15® 10 Potatoes, per lb.. 29 4
Beets, dozen ....10® — New Potatoes... 2 Vi® 5
Beans, white, lb. 6<S — Parsnips, per di.10®—
-Colored, per lb. 5® — Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb. .. 6<& 8 bunches 15020
Cabbage, each 5® — Rhubarb 3<jj %
Celery, head..... 5® — Sweet Potatoes,
Cress, ds bnchs..20@30 per lb .......2\iQ 4
Cucumbers, doz... $l@2j Sage, doz bnchs.25@30)
Egg Plant, lb. . 12% ©15 f String Beans, per
Garlic 6@ 8 pound 8012%
Green Peppers,lb.l5@25 ! Summer Squash,
Green Peas. lb...2%@4| per pound... 8®12%
Lettuc*. per doz.l5@20i Sprouts, per lb. ..— &-~
Leeks, doz bnchs. 150201 Spinach, per lb.. S'tf—
Onions, per lb... 2@ 5 Thyme, dz bchs..23®30
Green Onions, .da ¦ Turnips, per doz.lO#—
bunches — @ — Tomatoes, lb..,.15®20
Mushrooms, lb. .. — @—
Carp • —9 — Sea Bass ....... -ngi 3
Catfish 10® — Smelts 12%@15
Codfish .; 12%® — Soles 10®12%
Flounders .......10® — Skates, each 8013
Halibut .—©12% Squid @io
: Herring — ® — Tomcod 10012%
Mackerel ......12%#— Turbot .....15®2O
Do horse .... .— @10 Trout &5@5O
Perch 10® — Brook Trout .... — £65
Pomplno 50®^ — Whiteflsh 10<jj>
Rockcod ........ — ©15 Clams, gallon ...50©—
Rockflsh ........ — @13 Do hardshell.
Salmon, fresh.. 12%® 15 " per pound ... 8S10
Do smoked 15@25 Crawfish- Q ¦
Sardines .:..«... — @ — Crabs, each ...12% -315
Shrimps — ® — Mussels, quart...—©—
Shad 8@10 Oysters, Cal, 100.40050
Striped Bass. . .12%@13 ¦ Do Eastern. dz.25@40
#- ¦ — — " : — — ! -*
CHICAGO, May 16.^-Early In the session
wheat showed some strength., .Cables were
steady; receipts in the Northwest were still
very small, indicating depletion of stocks in
farmers' hands. , In addition to this . rain be
gan falling again in the Northwest and ad
vices from the Red River Valley ', told a very
bullish, story, of , decayed spring seeding. Of
.ferings at the opening were not .sufficient, for
the.small demand and July .worked "'tip, to 75%
©75%c after opening '»;shad« to, VS@%'cl"up/at.
75%@75%c. General harvest news, 'however,
was promising. The export demand was in
active. The crowd started Belling and July
slumped sharply, one cent and closed %c down
at 74%-@75c. , • ¦ - ., ¦ .--.- ¦¦• i v, r • , , . ' -¦ '¦¦ '-
Corn showed weakness all day, the bull
party making no apparent effort to support the
market. " July closed weak, %@%c lower . at
61%®61%c. .. .; .....*.. v.'.V'- :.
Oats were dull and featureless.' July closed
%«%c'w^"at8«?i** 8 V- ::: '--v ¦ ¦¦VV.i.'"' 1 ''
¦ Provisions ruled weaker and needed .the sup
port that came eagerly from the 'crowd heavily
' interested ' ott the ' bull sldel'd July -pork closed
7 %«s lower, lard 6@7%c down and ribs 2%c up.
¦ The' leading futures ranged as -follows :-'
• Articles— ' Open." -.' High. . ' 'Low. "' 'Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦ . =..:'". .".'¦ . . : '
May '. . . ..... ¦ 75% ... . ' 7tf% % ;74% mii%
July ; . . ..... ' 75% 75% ' , / 74% ; .75
September .. 73% WV&V 1 " T2^ vf3
Corn- No. 2— ' " ' »" ¦ ' ' ' " . • • -• : >
May ........ 61% ,- : fil% n", :: 60% " "¦¦ 60%
July -.:;.."... 62%' 62% r. : 61% ¦:" 61%
September ..61- .. 61% U'- 60%. : 60%
Oats No. -2 — '.-¦¦¦ .•.- . .',...-;•>*.-: >
May ,..»...-. ¦•¦ . - .a. .r ....-43
July, old. .". . 34% 34%- :- 34% .34%
July, new. . .- . 36% - 36% ... 36% . . 36%
fiept., old... ,^29%. . 29% . .29%. ; 29%
"Sepf. new... ..30% ; 30% ..V. .30% ..: ,-,30%
Mess Pork, per bbl — *•-'. , -'¦', •. ... ". -
May .'....:..17 25 17 25 " ' 17,22% ; 17 22%
July '¦.-: ...... 17 35 17 40 17- 35 17 35
September ..17 45 17" 55 17 45 • 17 50 -
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May... 10 27% ....... 10 27%
July ....... .10 30 . 10 32% 10 30 10 30
September .. 10 30' 10 37% ' 10 30 10 32%
.Short pibs, per 100 lbs— ¦
May..' ••••• ••.•.. ...... 9 75-
July ........ 9 72% 9 72% \ 9 67% . 8 70
September .. 9 67% 9 75. 9 67% 9 62%
Astoria 29.78 56 48 SW - Rain .22
Baker 29.68 64 38 NW Cloudy .0
Carson 29. SO 66 34 W Clear .0
Eureka 30.08 CO 48 NW Cloudy .0
Fresno 29. M 78 48 W Clear .0
Flagstaff 29.66 68 30 SW Cloudy .0
Pacatello, Ida_29.64 70 38 W Cloudy .0
Independence-.. 29. €S 78 46 N Clear .0
Los Angeles. ..29.84 70 52 W Clear .0
Phoenix 29 60 ftO 60 W Cloudy .0
Portland 29 78 58 50 E\Y Cloudy .06
Red Bluff 29.82 00 50 SE Pt. Cldy .0
Roseburg 29.96 C6 46 SW Cloudy .0
Sacramento... 29. 8(5 74 46 S Clear .0
Salt Lake 29.06 72 42 NW Clear .0
San Francisco. 2f». 98 62 52 W Clear .0
S. L. ObiBpo.i.29.96 72 48 W Clear .0
Ban Diego 2U.86 72 58 S Clear .01
Seattle 29.76 54 46 S Rain .12
Spokane 2S.70 64 42 SW Cloudy .0
Neah Bay 29. 6S 50 48 SW Rain .08
Walla Walla.. 29.74 64 46 W Cloudy .0
Wlnnemucca..23.66 68 38 SW Clear .0
Yuma. 29.64 S4 54 W Clear .0
7 a. -m., temperature 52 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
half of the Pacific Slope and in Arizona;
elsewhere fair weather prevails. Light show
ers are reported from Western Washington
and Northwestern Oregon. A light shower
also occurred at San Diego this forenoon.
The pressure is rising along the California
coast and failing over the Interior.
The temperature has risen in the interior
valleys of California and fallen in the western
portions of Washington and Oregon,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 17, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, except
partly cloudy in northern portion and prob
ably showers on extreme nor.hwest coast;
fresh westerly wind.
Southern California — Generally cloudy Sat
urday; fresh west wind._
Nevada — Partly cloudy Saturday; brisk to
high southwest wind. .- . •
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
fresh to brisk west wind.
G. H. WTLLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
The situation remains precisely as before
quoted. '
. FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 8@9c; sun dried, 5@5%c; Peaches
6%@8%c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted, .5®6c
unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines. 5%@6c for red
and 5%@6c for white; figs. 3%@4%c for black
and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows
30-40S. 6%@6%c; 40-50s, 6@5%o; 50-60s. 4%
®4%c; 60-703. 4@4%c; 70-80s. 3%@3%c- 80-
W)s. 3@3%c; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb. * '
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, 8c: 2-crown. 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c-
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and 7®
8%o for- bleached. Clusters — Imperials S3-
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $160; London Layers'
$1 25@1 35. <.• - ' ¦• - -
NUTS — Walnuts. No.' 1 softshell, ll%c No
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2 7c"
Almonds, 10%@12c for panershell, 9@10c for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts 6®
Tc for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c- Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; CocoanuU
$3 60@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll©12c for bright and 9©lle
for light amber; water white extracted, 6<9
6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%©29c per lbT - *°'
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Flour, qr sks... 17,410 Wool, bales ...'. ««
Wheat, ctls 66,388 Tallow, ctls .... 222
Barley, ctls ... 6,015 Sugar, ctls .... 2 502
Oats, ctls 205iPelts. bdls 278
Potatoes, sks .. 700 Hides. No ..... 628
Onions, sks 1.475 Lime, bbls iro
Bran, sks 2,370 Wine, gals 73 gOO
Middlings, sks. . 145 Quicksilver, flsk 70
Hay, tons 275 Leather, rolls .. 07
Straw, tons .... • 5
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 336)
FOR FRIDAY, MAY 16.
Receipts of Produce.
m I lifiiHFI
stations.- £ 5|$i :§ " iT p
: 33: : .,- f
THE COAST RECORD
' / CALL BOARD SALES..
, Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 83%c;
2000., 83% c; 2000, 83%c.
. Regular Morning Session— May — 2000 ctls
$1 03; December— 16,000. 83%c; 2000. -83%c;
4000, 83c; July, new— 2000. 86c; 2000, 85%c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
. : OATS — Continue very firm at the recent ad
vance, though the market was quieter yester
day. -. • . • . • ¦ .-..-¦ • ¦ ; • -
'Grays. -$137% @1 45; whites. $1 35@1 50;
Milling, $1 50@l 65: black, $1 25@1 35; red,
$1 32%Ji?l 45 per ctl. -, . , . •
CORN — The holder who controls the market
again advanced his prices for yellow yesterday.
.White is so scarce that it is hardly worth quotl
ing.-.: ¦ :-."¦.-/-.*¦ . .-v . . : .
-, Chicago - was weak and lower on favorable
weather, general selling by commission houses
and . large- interior ; acceptances. The 1 farmers
have' commenced to let go more freely 'and will
now sell on. Chicago bids, 50,000 bushels being
sold yesterday on bids sent Into the country the
preceding day. • ' . ' : - . .
Large Yellow* $1"47%@1 C2%; small round
do, $1 60@l! 55; White, $1 60@l 62%.
RYE— 90@96c'per ctl.
' BUCKWHEAT^!- 76 per ctl and nominal
Informal . Session — 9:15 o'clock — Decembei* —
23,000 ctls. $1 14; 14,000. 1 14%; 2000. 1 13%;
6000, $1 13%; May— 2000. $1 03.
Second Session — December — 6000 ctls. $1 14.
Regular Morning' Session — May — 1000 ctls,
$1 15; 2000. $1 14%; 2000/. $1 14%; December—
4000, $1 13%; 8000. $1 13.
Afternoon Session — December — 32,000 ctls,
$1 13. .
: BARLEY — The market continues to advance
under extremely light offerings and a good de
mand. Buyers are coming to the front and It
is now easy to sell the goods at full figures.
Feed, $1 02%@l 0C% for No. 1 and 97%c@$l
for off grades; brewing and shipping grades,
$1 05@l 07%; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL 1 BOARD SALES,
¦/WHEAT— The foreign, markets, showed no
change worthy of comment. " .:.. : " ¦ •.
3 There was /very little news from Chicago,
that market \eelng quiet', and featureless. It
opened firm;', advanced, 'fell back and closed
weak. Receipts were light and . speculation
was slow.-. Apparently the market was over
sold. Rains were reported in the Northwest.
Bradstreet's exports of Wheat . and Flour- for
the week were 5,000.000 bushels.
. This market.- like Chicago,' opened higher and
fell back on call, but shipping and milling de
scriptions were firm and the latter, was quoted
higher again. Holders have the market 'well in
hand and buyers have to pay up if they want
the goods. ,- ¦ • .- K*i
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%@1 15; mill
ing, $1 16%@1 18% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. .60 days..... — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight. . . . . . . . . . . . — 4 88
Sterling Cables ......i.......... — 4 89 ;
-New- York Exchange, 'sight;.'... — • 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic'. — • 17%
Sllver.per ounce. ..... :". ;...... -^ , ,51%
Mexican Dollars,' nominal.". ...:. > — .•¦ 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
SAN FRANCISCO. May 16—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from stations in Cali
fornia to-dax-:
Eureka, 60-43; Red Bluff. 78-50; San Fran
cisco. 62-51; Fresno, 78-48; San Luis Ohlspo.
<2-48; Independence, 78-46; Sacramento, 74-4B-
San Diego, 72-58; Los Angeles. 70-52. - K
(10th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
> Weather Report.
The. rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent. The rate of dis
.count. In the open market for 3 months' • bills
is 2% per cent. ; . - - . ;
M K & Texas pfd. 1.100 56 55% 55%
N J Central ; .... ..„ 184
N Y Central 5.400 156% 155% 155%
Norfolk & West... 1,800.- -56% 56% 5U%
Norf & West pfd • .... 89
Ontario & West... 2,800 32% 31% 32%
Pennsylvania 13,100 149% 148% 148%
Reading 102,600 63% . 61% 61%
Reading 1st pfd... 2,700 83 82% 82%
Reading "2d pfd:.. 22,900 68 66% 67
St Louis & S F... 1,100 '66% 65 65%
St L & S F 1st pfd 83
St L.& S F 2d pfd. v 200 71% 71% 71%
St "Louis S W'. ... 2,100 26 26> 27*
St Louis" S W pfd -58Vi
ft Pajrf ... ... ... 13,900 108% 167- 167%
St Paul pfd.:....... 200 '189% 189% 189
Southern Pacific .. 8,900 65%" 64% -64%
SouthenrRy .I..'.. S;700 37% 36% 36%
Southern Ry pfd..' 700 95 94% 94%
Texas & Pacific ... 1.000 41% 40% 40%
Tol St L & West.. 100 21% 21% 21
ToiStL&Wpfd. 600 37% 37% 37%
Lnion Pacific 48.300 104% 103% 103%
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 87% 87% 87
J^abash 2,500 26% 26 26%
\\abash pfd 1.600 44% 43% 43%
Wheel & Lake Erie , . 21%
W & L E 2d pfd 100 85 35 ' 85
Wisconsin Central. 1,800 26% 26 26
Wiscon Cen pfd... 500 48 47% 47%
Express companies —
Adam 1 s 195
American -. ... 220
United States ..." 115
w «»s Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 18,900 63% 67 67%
Am Car & Foun.. 700 30 29% 29%
Am Car & F pfd. 700 89 li 89 t '89 %
Amer Linseed Oil.. 200 25% '25 24%
Am Lin Oil pfd 50
Amer Loco »,200 31% 31% Sl%
Amer Loco pfd ,2,300 93 »2 92%
Am Smelt & Refin 1,100 46 45% 45M
Am Smelt & R pfd 100 96 96 96
Anaconda Min Co. 900 112%. 112 112
Brooklyn Rap Tran 3.000 • 65% 65 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 13,200' 100% 98% 9S%
Consolidated Gas.. 3,000 222 220% 220%
Contin Tobac pfd 119%
General Electric... 800 325 . 32i" 820%
Hocking Coal 100 19 19 19%
InternationaUPaper . 20%
Intern Paper pfd.. ..... 74
Internat Power. ... * * ktu.
Laclede Gas... '.". gg
National Biscuit... -400 48% 48% 49%
National Lead 1,500 20% 20 20%
North American... 100 122 122 ' 121
Pacific Coast ««
Pacific Mail 300 38% "38" 38
People's Gas. 600 102 101% 101 «
Pressed Steel Car.. 4314
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 84 ' 84*" &"?
Pullman Pal Car. 100 235 235 230
Republic Steel 1.600 17% 16% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 200 73% 73% 72%
Sugar 9.300 127% 125% 127
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,700 64 62% 63
Union B i P Co.. .....' *"» ™
U "B & P Co pfd.. 300 82 S2 * 82
U S Leather 2,400 13% 13% 13W
-U S Leather pfd..- 100 84%~84 83%
L( S Rubber 1 nu,
U S Rubber pfd... pg^ 1
U S Steel......... 20,200 41 -46% 40%
U S Steel pfd..... 8.200 91 90% 00&
Western Union 2.100 91% 91 01
Total sales .460,500 shares
NEW TORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO9Vi L & N Unl 4s 103
U S ref 2s coup.. 109% Mexican Cent 4s. 83
U S 3s reg 108 Ilex Cent 1st inc. 32
U S 3s coup ..108 Minn & St L 4s. .105
; U .S.new 4s reg.'.137% llo, Kans & T 4s.l01%
U S new 4s coup.137% Ho. K & T 2ds.. 82%
Ft 0*% *„¦ res - • • • H 1 J< " T Central lsts.104%
U S old 4s coup.. Ill NYC *en 3%s..lO9
U S 5s reg 105% N J C gen 5i:...138%
U S 5s coup 105% N Pacific 4s 104%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103 IN Pacific 3s 73%
Atchison adj 4s... 93%|N & W con 4s... 102
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s.. 99%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 96V4 S L&I M con 6s. 116%
B & O conv 4s... 106% S L & S F 4s 99
Canada So. 2ds...lO9 S L Swstrn lsts.. 97%
Cent of Ga 5s... 109 S L Swstrn 2ds.. 84%
Cent Ga l«t Inc.. 85% S A & A P 4s.:. 90%
.Chee & Ohio 4%s.lOS So Pacific 4s 95
Chgo & Alt 3%s. 84% So Railway 6s;. .123
C. B &,Q new 4s. 95% j Tex & Pac lsts.. 121
C^I&St P gen 48.116 Tol. St L & W 4s. 82%
C & NWcon 7s.. 134 Union Pacific 4s. 105%
C.-R I & Pac -48.112% U P conv 4 106%
C.C.C&S L gen 4s.lO3% Wabaeh ' lsts 120%
Chgo Terminal 4s. 89 Wabash' 2dfe . Ill %
Colo & So 4s 97% Wabash deb B... 75%
Den & R Gr 4s.. 103% West Shore 4s... 114
Erie prior lien 4s.l00% W & L E 4s..... 93W
Erie sren 4s 87% Wis Central 4s... 91%
F W & D C lsts.114 Con Tob 4s 65%
Hocking Val 4%s.lll .'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 .Little Chief..... 11
Alice .: % 45 Ontario 7 50
Breece 50 Ophir 1 35
Brunswick Con.. 11 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tun... 05% PotosI 30
C C & Va 145 Savage .- 11
Deadwood Terra. -75 gierra Nevada.. 22
Horn Silver..... 1 40 (Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver. ..;... 72 Standard .;...;..3 25
Leadvllle Con... 05 I • -.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • United Fruit.. ...10C%
Call loans;..... -.-6@« Westlnghse com.. 107
Time- loans...... 4®5% Mining —
Bonds — : Adventure ..22%
Atchison Aa'. .... '.102% Allouez .:.....?. 3
Gas lsts :. 93 Amalgamated .... 67%
Mex Central 4s.. «1% Daly West 44%
N E Gas & Coke. 56 Bingham 36%
Railroads— . Calumet & Hecla.550
Atchison .........77% Centennial .."... '..i 19
Do prefd 0«Vi Copper Range.. ..57%
Boston & AIbany.2(!2 • Dominion Coal... 137%
Boston & Maine. ".196 Franklin 11
Boston Elevated.. 364 Isle Royale 13
N Y N H & H...229% Mohawk 39
Union Pacific 103% Old Dominion.... 19%
Mexican Central. 27% Osceola ;... 62%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 26
American Sugar. .126% Quincy 126
Do prefd 118% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Amer Tel & Tel. .179 Tamarack .170
Dom Iron & Steel 53% Trinity 12%
General Electric. .320 United States.... 20%
j Mass Electric... 44% Utah 21%
Do prefd 97 United Copper. ... 37%
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Victoria ......... 41%
US Steel...:.... 40% Wlnona 3%
; Do. prefd". 90% Wolverine 60%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money.:. 95% Norfolk & West. . 58%
Do, account 95% N Y Central. 161
Anaconda . .. 5% I Do prefd....... 92%
Atchison ....• 80% - Ontario & West.. 33%
. Do prefd -.100% Pennsylvania .... 76%
Baltimore & Ohio.109% Reading ". 32^
Canadian Pacific. 131% I Do 1st pfd 43
Chesa & Ohio.... 48 I Do 2d prefd.... 34%
Chicago Gt West. S0%" Southern Ry. : . .. 38%
<: M & St Paul.. 73 Do prefd : 98%
Denver & R G... 43 S Pacific 66%
Do prefd.. 93" Union Pacific. . ..101 M.
Erie 38% Do prefd 90
•Do 1st pfd...... *59% U S Steel.;. 41%
Do 2d pfd 54 Do prefd....... 02 .
Illinois Central.. .157 Wabash ...27%
Louis & Naeh 143% Do. prefd ..45%
Mo Kans & Tex.. ,26 Spanish 4s........ 78
Do prefd 60 '. . :.
' Bar silver, uncertain,' 23%d -per ounce.
Money.- 2%<?2% per cent. .¦ . . . , .
¦ NEW YORK, May 16.— Firmness continues
In . the evaporated apple market, as holders
have only small supplies on hand and are not
offering freely. The range given about covers
general sales, although sellers in some cases
are asking, more. State, common to good,- 7@
9c; prime, 9&@9%c; choice, 10@10^c; fancy,
10%@llc. " ;¦¦•¦• " " • • ¦ ' - ' n
Prunes are showing more activity in a Job
bing line, chiefly in larger sizes and new
fruit, and values remain steady. Apricots
and peaches are steady and in some jobbing
demand.
PRUNES-3%@6tfc. .
APRICOTS— Boxes, 10%@14c; bags, lO&Qi
12c. , • ¦'•"'. ¦¦"••.-¦¦'-.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@16c; unpeeled. &%@
lie. ' ¦ ¦'-•¦.'¦ -. -
DRIED FRUITS
NEW ; YORK, May. le.^FLOUR^-Receipts".
17.297 barrels;- exports, .19, 753. barrels,-': Mar
ket dull, 1 , but steady, although a' shaded lower
to .cell, i: --. ¦ 7 . l; -'¦¦ •'¦' < ';• ' -r-.-r '•
WHEAT— Receipts. 145,275 bushels; exports^
51,044 busnels. Spot ' was easy." No." '2. r red|
88%c elevator; No. 2 red,.90Kc f. o.' b.* afloat-
No. 1 Northern" Duluth,.83^c''f, : ~.ol.b.i afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitab6,V87-16c : f^p-.. D.'.afloat. Up
to the" last hour wheat, was. well sustained' and
higher than*lastj' night, Iinfluene,ed by.^ cables;
rain in the Northwest, 'foreign buying, a small
movement and covering.-; But afters/1 o'clock
on more ; favorable crop news 'and poor export
outlook, unloading ¦ took ; place, > destroying all
advance, and v :.the 'dose was* %@ I i4o down.
May, 80%@81%c, closed 80%c. July, closed at
8094 e. September closed at 78%c._Dficember
closed at 79%o. . *vC, • ,-•
HOPS— Quiet. .
WOOL— Quiet. . v
HIDES— Firm. . .' . '
COFFEE — Spot Rio steady. No. 7 invoice,
5 7-16c. Mild, quiet. Cordova, 8U@12c. Fu
tures closed quiet, net 5 points higher. Total
sales, 27,600 'bags, including: June, 5.20c;
July, 5.30c; August, 5.40c; September, 5.50®
5.55c: October, 5.60c; December, 5.75c; Janu
ary, 5.85c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, 2%c.
Centrifugal. 96 test, 3 7- 16c. Molasses sugar,
2 ll-16c. Refined was steady. ¦¦¦ . •-¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@3 25
according to size and quality; Seedlings. $1 25
@2; Mediterranean Sweets $1@2 50; Valencias
$2 50@3; Malta. Blood Oranges. $1 50® 2 50;
Tangerines, in quarter boxes. 75c@$l and $1 25
@1 60 in half boxes; Lemons. 50c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice And
$2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit. 75c@$2; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, $2 25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 75@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3®4 per dozen. ,
CHERRIES— White, 40@60c per drawer; in
bulk, ; Black, 30@75c per box and drawer,
and 6c in bulk.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@6 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for Mallndas; "crates from
Watsonville, 50c@$l; from Florin, 60<g>75a
GOOSEBERRIES — 30@40c per drawer.
. APPLES— $1©2 60 per box. according to
quality.
In the open market Oranges continued dull
and di ices, were unchanged. At the auction
two 'cars, consisting chiefly of- choice and
standard fruit,' were sold as follows: Fancy
Navels, 92 70@3 10; choice, $2 25@3; standard.
$1 20@2 30; standard Mediterranean Sweets,
90c@$l 45. Other Fiults stood about the same.
Offerings of Gooseberries were principally
small and sold at easier prices. Some Ore
gon Improved were offering and sold at 5@tk>
per pound. ...
Four crates of Apricots from Yuma, Arizona,
which were received on the previous day, sold
at $2@2 60 per crate.
Receipts of . Cherries were heavy again,
about 1800 boxes being received. Choice offer-
Ings were in demand for northern shipping and
sold • readily at full figures with some extras
slightly higher than the quoted price. The
usual quantity of small poor stock ' was re
ceived and sold slowly at easy prices.
¦ Receipts of Strawberries jrere large and the
Longworths from Palo Alto* showed the effects
of tie recent showers, . while . many of those
from Bouldin ! Island were green. A consid
erable portion of the Malindas were soft and
buyers did not care to purchase large quantl-,
ties - on that account. Berries in crates were
slow, particularly those from Florin, owing to
the greenness of the offerings.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, May 16.— The following table,
compiled by Bradetreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
May 15, 1902, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: . .-.
Percentages.
• Cities — Amount. ¦ Inc. Dec.
New York $1,5(50,898,373 .... 40.2
Chicago :. 165,071,599 ....: .3.3
Boston 142,071,934 .... 13.7
Philadelphia 130,130,903 3.2 ....
St. Louis 52,009,644 2.1 ....
Pittsburg 43,227,006. .... 8.3
Baltimore '.../ 23.297,783 .... 13. »
San Francisco. . . I " 27.647,431 14.4 ....
Cincinnati .'...:'.. ¦ ' . 19,484,700 .... 5.9
Kansas City * 16,369,242 .... " 20.6
Cleveland ........ 14,752,265 .... 6.6
Minneapolis 11,600,709 11.6 '....
New Orleans 12,617,204 12.8 ....
Detroit . 9,420,908 .... 9.8
Louisville 11,202,774 12.6 ....
Indianapolis...... 10,971,133 , 35.2 ....
Providence 6,004,973 .... 3.4
Omaha 7,193,452 11.4 ....
Milwaukee ...... . 7,088.172.. 11.4 ..•..
Buffalo 6,430,673 1.4
St. Paul .....6,767,621 17.9 ....
St. Joseph.; 4,102.711 .... 19.5
Denver 4,302,077 -1.6 N ...
Richmond. 4,328,134 -:V S.0
Savannah 3,217,880 - 42.2
Salt Lake City... 3,707,056 .... 1.1
Albany ..-....-...; ~ 3,475,163 '.... 10.7
Los Angeles...... 5,148.743 61.6 ....
Memphis..., 3.460,116 21.5 ....
Fort Worth.' 2,683,123 11.4
Seattle .......... 3.677,017 68.2 ....
Washington ' 4,380,410 29.0 ....
Hartford 2.819,086 .... 5.0
Peoria 1,987,000. 72.6
Toledo 2.805.284 6.4 ....
Portland. Or 2.778,118 25.6- ....
Rochester 3,432.275 . 15.4 ....
Atlanta 2,202,316 6.8 ....
Des Moines 2.506,631 56.4 ....
New Haven 1,906,453 6.8 ;...
Worcester * 1,517.794 .... • 8.7
Nashville . 1,420,070 .... ; 13
Springfield, Mass. 1,628,534 ' 1.6 ....
Norfolk 1,356,767 .... ' 5.1
Grand Rapids 1,467.821 .... 2.0
Scranton ., 1.409.024 .... 8.3
Portland. Me 1.339,549 4 2
Sioux City 1.549,110 10.0 ...;
i Augusta ¦¦ 1,418,760 67.0 ....
[Syracuse 1,377,866 .... ......
Dayton, 0 1,657,232 20.2 ....
Tacoma 1.662,003 8.0 ....
Spokane 1.591,586 33.0 ....
Topeka 1,137,974 24.9 ....
Davenport i 974,793 28.8 ....
Wilmington. Del.. 1,234,461 10.3 ..;.
Evansville 1,161,994 40.7
Birmingham 1,025,039 , 35.5
Fall River - 914,324' '. 7 1
Macon 530.000 22.6 ....
Little Rock 922,061 63.7
Helena 533,169 '
Knoxville 772,091 13.5 ....
Lowell 631.900 6.6 ....
Akron 707.600 ....
Wichita • 690,915
i Springfield, 111.... 248,698 .... 42*5
: Lexington -.525.806 12.9
New Bedford 593,001 . '"
Chattanooga 510,305 7.1 ....
Youngstown ...... 661,389 35 7
Kalamazoo 516,758 20 5
Fargo ...t 434,816 19.2 ....
BInghamton 360,100 9.3 ....
Rockford . 409,992 23 2
Canton. 616,000 40.8 ....
Jacksonville, Fh\.. 601.118 • 74.. 8 ..
Springfield, O . 442,850 45.3
Chester ...; ~ 481,000 r 70.2 ...I'
Quincy 293.815 .... • .-...
Bloomington . 235,756 ' 21.1'
Sioux Falls 234,287 14 1 '***
Jacksonville, 111.. 187,999 "**
Fremont 159,994 65.8 ,"" [
•Houston 11,710,362 27.2 ***"
•Galveston ....... 6,851,000 """"
•Columbus, O . 7,336,800 li!i !""
"Wheeling 87H.729 11.6
••Wilkesbarre .... 795,120 "**"
••Beaumont 397,672 ***"
Decatur 193,767 !!.! '.'.'.'.
Totals, U. S.. $2,384,492,235 .... . on 8
Outsider. Y..... 825,593.862 .... 19
CANADA.
Montreal $21,350,983 57 -.-/--
Toronto 15,794,485 16*8 "*"
Winnipeg 2,910,282 57.1 -'"*
Halifax 1,778.398 25.8 ."
Vancouver, B. C. 861,154 -, ¦ i'a
Hamilton 878,845 '. *• iS'o
St. John, N. B... 832.886 10*4
Victoria. B. C 624.009 ..[. ' Vg
"Quebec- 1.400.072 ... T*B
Ottawa.: 1,634,784 ...I.' ..„
Totals, Canada $46,691,614 ; 10 7 ; ?
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings. "Not Included in
totals because of no comparison for last year.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes as follows, per 'pound. In 100-lt>
bags: Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c: Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c ; Fruit * Granulated, 4 25c •
Beet Granulated - UOO-lb basrs only), none:
Confectioners' A. 4.25c: Masrnolia A, 3 S5c-
Extra C, *3.75c: Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3 55c
barrels, 10c more: half -barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for ail
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
5c per 1b. No order taken for lesa than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 18c:
in cases, 22%c: Benzine. In bulk. 14%c; In
cases, 21c; 80-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In
casea, 26%c. -
TURPENTINE — 69c per gallon In cases and
63c in drums and Iron barrels.
OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases,* No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
78c; raw. 7Cc; casea. 5c more; Lucol, 68a for
boiled and 66c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 95c; cases, $1;
China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50o per
gallon: Fish Oil. barrels, 42%c; cases. 47^c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Cevlon and
58%c for Australian.
the coal arrivals have- been as follows, viz. ;
One from Japan, 1)130 tons; 3 from British
Columbia, 12,062 tons; 1' from Washington. 350
tons, 2 from Australia, 4112 tons; total. 23,674
tons. The total amount received is fully equal
to the quantity required for general use. There
has. been a single arrival of 9150 tors on
thj Algoa from Japan. This Is the largest
amount we have had at any one time 'from
that section. It does not come here . see-king
a buyer, but Is for consumption by the im
porters. Business in the coal . line does not
show any marked improvement as to the quan
tity consumed, or the prices obtained, no sale
being made where the importer can show any
profit, although prices asked are exceptionally
cheap. Freight rates on coal from Great
Britain and Australia still rule low. This is
a singular fact in view of the grain freight
rates outward from here, remaining likewise
exceedingly low. This year will prove a par
ticularly unprofitable one to shipowner?, as
freights Inward and outward will leave little.
If any, profit to the carriers. Another cargo
of Ea«$ Greta la just at . hand and will be
used exclusively for domestic consumption.
Thla Is the third cargo which has been bought
and distributed solely for house uses and is
very strong evidence that It has been tried
and found well suited for that purpose."
EGGS^ — Ranch, 18@18%c for fancy and 16@
17 Vic for fair to good; store, 15@16c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy, 18%@19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds-dairy. 16@18%c;. store Butter, 14@16c
per pound.
' CHEESE-t-New. 8%@9%c: old, 9@llc; Young
America. S@10c; Eastern. 13® 15c per. pound.
Receipts were 62.000 pounds, 9 barrels and
371 tubs of Butter, 1348 cases of Eggs,
cases .of Eastern Eggs, 12,700 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese. r .
The Egg market, which has been Irregular
and unsettled for several days, was firmer
again ' yesterday as . far as ¦ ranch were con
cerned, though the medium and lower grades
exhibited no improvement. There are now
some . orders for Alaska on the market, and
they are helping the situation considerably.
The Exchange advanced its quotations to 1«@
18c for ranch and 16c for gathered.
Butter and Cheese remain as before quoted.
Both are plentiful and not over steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, May - 16.— WHEAT— Nominal;
Walla .Walla. 66c; : bluestem, 67c.
TACOMA, May . 16.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, ,66%c; club.,65%c. ;. •
Foreign Markets.
, LONDON, May 16.— Consols, '95%; silver,
23%d; : French' rentes, lOlf 12%c; wheat car*
goeson passage, .rather, firmer; No. 1 standard
California, 30s 6d; ; Walla Walla, 30s 6d; Eng
lish". country : markets, ','¦_, steady. : \,
LIVERPOOL, ; May 16.— Wheat, firm ; No. 1
standard California, 6s- 5 %d(SCs 6d; wheat in
Paris, 'steady; flour in. Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm;. cotton, uplands, 5 l-32d.
Northern Business.
: SEATTLE-, ' ¦ May 16.— Clearings, $598,350 ;
balances, $136.019. .'./ .' ;.-
PORTLAND. May 16.— -Clearings,/ $417, 176;
balances,. $81,845.. •;¦¦¦•:'^ v .-. • - - -i J "
• TACOMA,'' May; 1C— Clearings, $162,506; bal
ances, $43,336. : .. . . '. ¦ - . • ' • ¦'-¦ v .- ; - ¦¦
•SPOKANE, May. 16.— Clearings, $248,778;
balances, . $28,990. ; ; \ ,>. .'.\ -
Local securities still dull.
Silzrr higher. Exchange about the same.
Wheat and Barley continue to advance.
Oats firm, but quieter. Corn advanced. Rye dull.
Feedstuff & advancing. " Hay weak and unchanged. T " -
Beans weakening, with sellers giving buyers concessions: ''
Butter and Cheese plentiful and easy. Eggs firm and higher.
Nothing new in Dried Frutt.
Provisions dull at previous prices.
Hogs lower wider increasing receipts.
Lower prices for Beef and, Mutton expected.
Potatoes and Onions continue to shade off. •
Summer Vegetables generally in liberal supply.
Poultry aui Game show little change.
Assortments of summer Fruits steadily increasing.
Coal in sufficient supply and unchanged. ' • "
SUMMARY OF • THE MARKETS.
There is nothing new to report in Game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 50@2; Ducks, $4@4 50
for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $l@5:
young Roosters. $6 60®8; old Roosters, $4 25®
4 50; Fryers, J4@5; Broilers. $3@4 for
large and $1 50@2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 75
@2 per dozen for old and $1 60@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; English Snipe, $3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50. '
One mere car of Eastern Poultry was
placed on the market, .making the fifth for the
week. Receipts of Californian were light," but
there was very little demand for any thins ex
cept large young stock, ! which was scarce ! and
brought fair prices.
Poultry .and Game
$1; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hub
bard-Squash, $15@20. ¦'i-.yrj»i*«J«*4«»SS
i ST.' JOSEPH, May ; 16.— CATTLE— - Receipts,
500. Natives, $5 35@7 25; flows and heifers,
$1 50@6 70; veals, $3 50@6; stockers' and feed
era'; ?2 25@5 45. .- •-,'¦¦¦ : ." ¦-',
HOGS-r-Receipts, 9500. Market ; steady.
Light and^ light, mixed, $6 80@7 20;- medium
and heavy. $7 05@7 35; pigs, $4 15@5 20.
V SHEEP — Receipts, '. 1400. . ' Market steady.
Lambs, $7. . "¦¦ - ' .' '.¦-:'
ST.; JOSEPH
strong.' ,'• Mixed 'and butchers',' $6 90@7 SO;
good ¦ to choice heavy, .$7 30@7 47%; rough
heavy, $6 95@7 20; light, ¦ $0 75@7 05; bulk,
?7®7-26.-^J/:-p,v - :*•'•:.- •.-.»¦•-,- „-> -.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000. Lambs, strong to
10c higher. Good to choice wethers, $6@6 50;
fair to choice mixed, $5 50@6; Western sheep,
$5 30@6 50; "native lambs, $5 50@6 85; West
ern lambs, $5 50@6 85; Colorado wooled lambs.
top. $7 30. :}. ' • :- .
While.: it is generally agreed that there, has
been much improvement in the .winter wheat
States since the' opening .of the.- month -prices
became somewhat • firmer u.pon the publication
of the official report of condition on May 1, . »
Failures for.: the week numbered 228. in- the
United States, against 177 last year, and 17 in
Canada, -against 19 a year ago. *¦ ; . -. -.'¦-.- 1
In the^ dry goods market s there ¦ Is S evidence
of- increased buying- for i fall -and - next '¦ spring;
but only V small supplementary orders^ for i the
present season/ . Cold weather had retardedvthe
jobbing trade at .'many points. ..Domestic trade
in cotton is -' steady, with supplies in ¦ strong
hands, but export is dull. V More Hb
eral deliveries of "woolen goods ¦ are ' reported,
showing that fewer looms are idle, 'The best
demand. for staple lines of .manufactured "wear
and medium grades of . fancy -woolens. • .' >'• : ;
Footwear manufacturers . at ' the East report
an - increased volume ¦ of orders from Western
jobbers, but wholesalers; in -the principal East
ern centers are placing few fall
Retailers are only/ sending .moderate ,. duplicate
orders for summer goods,' fair supplies remain-
Ing of early purchases., ..Sole;" leather. Is '.'quiet,'
Hides again • secured, a v moderate , advance in
prices, both for domestic and foreign,':.:'--" "^- 'v.;;
The enormous pig-iron production would;sug
gest accumulation of supplies, but' consumption
easily: keeps pace, furnace . stocks showing a
decrease of about. 10,000 tons during April, to
much the lowest point in recent ¦ years; ¦ ¦-¦
Weekly | Review I to-morrow 'will say :¦•¦¦ Weather
and wages continue -the only seriously disturb-'
ing' factors in the business, situation". ""Exces
sive moisture and " low ,• temperature made 'the
crop - outlook " more . uncertain. ; 'and • much de
pends on a. continuance <of -prosperity in I the
agricultural' sections. ¦ On the- other hand rec
ord-breaking distribution of pay in ¦ the Pitts
burg region accelerated- retail I trade, Awhile re
sumption > of • woolen -. and ..; other i mills added
largely to the active force, f. Transporting lines
continue j..to make ; splendid exhibits, railroad,
earnings for the first week ( of - May exceeding
those of -a year ago 6.2. per cent," and sur
passing -the same week's : earnings In 190d by
19.9 per cent ; ~ •• . : ~
THE SAN FRANGISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
WASHINGTON; May -10.'— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $188,122,369; gold, $97,524,-
Condition 'of: the Treasury.
call was firm at 4%@0 per cent, closing bid
and asked 4@4% per cent. - "¦ V
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. :- ¦¦
sterling exchange was- firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87 for demand
and at $4 84%<@4 84% for sixty days.
Posted .rates, $4 85@4 85 % and $4 87 %@
4 OO. } r * . " ~ ¦ ' /
. Commercial bills, $4 83?I@4 84%.
Bar silver, 51% c. - -
Mexican dollars, 41%c.. •-.»'¦"¦
Bonds — Governments! steady; States, In
active; railroads, irregular.
Bank Clearings.
New) York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
11
Local securities were very dull on ta« morn
ing session. Giant 'Powder recovered still fur
ther to $76. - The oil stocks were quiet and un
changed.
The only active* stock In the afternoon was
Giant Powder, which sold at $78 25®75 73, "
falling" figures. . .
The $5,000,000 worth of 4 per cent bonds of
the United Railroads were all subscribed for
on Thursday and additional subscriptions were
received by mall yesterday. Some of the larger
subscriptions may have to be scaled down to
accommodate these addltiona] ones.
¦ The following quotations for the United Rail.
roads ¦ of . San Francisco were received yester- ¦
day from New. York by Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock, $24 50 bid; preferred.-.
$59 2j®30 50: 4 per cent bonds, $91092; sub
scriptions. $100 C0#101 50.
The Champion Mining Company of Nevada
AUCTION SALES
MUST BE SOLD
AUCTION SALE
frrv OF
FORTY HEAD OF BROKE HORSES, welsh-
ing from 1300 to 1600. suitable for transfer, ex-
press, vegetable wagons and trucks: also 50
head of unbroken horses weighing from 1100
to 1300. Consigned from Idaho.
TO. BE SOLD ON MONDAY MAY 19, 1902.
¦ AT 11 A. M.. AT
BRICKER & COATS* CORRALS, 1S5 VALEN-
CIA STREET.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
fe FIRST SALE .£»
At STEWART'S HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD ST. .....
Fifty head gentle and thoroughly city broken
horses from 1000 to 1700 pounds; also one com-
plete camping outfit Horses now on exhibition.
Sale begins at 1 p. m. Monday. May 19. 1902.
Telephone Main 1150. 1THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY,^ MAY 17, 1902.
12
MEDICAL Con tin nert.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed: home in
confinement: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to S.
10CS% Market St.. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. D. WYETH — We'll-known ladies' special-
ist;. 30 years' experience; privats home in
confinement. Moved to 728 Post st...'nr. Jonea.
DR. AND MRS. DAV1E* and BINDOHEKS
original method of treatment Moved from
1228 to 1126 Market st. __
MRS. DR. GOODWIN ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital: bora? fcr infants fre-;
feg low. 906 Market g"t. QPP- Emporium.
MRS. D ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and ourins
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
LADIES— Kumrond is safe & sure; never fai!s;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE 210 Stockton st. opposite.
Union Square: all* diseases cured T>y herbs.
• MISCELLANEOUS — -FOR SALE^
BOILERsTengTnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN»
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at
BAR fixtures; bis stock: installments;- billiard^
and pool tables: easy terms or rented, jam
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$i*50 will sell If taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 1728, Call offlce. ¦
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st
GENUINE Chappuy violin for sale. Apply
Charles Nathan, merchant tailor. 109 Sutter.
MOCKING-BIRDS, guaranteed singers, and
Mexican pottery. 1614 Jones rt.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter* (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BOATS launches, rowboata carried la stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movln*
picture machines, fllma. Baclgalupl. 833 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-h*n«l
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont it.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t
FOR second-hand machlnery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMaaters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines A boiler*
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 819 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po»t St.
MISCELLANBOPS WANTS. \
BIG prices. paid for sealskin coats; also «ent»"
full dress and Tuxedo ¦ suits. Portland Loaa
Offlce, 25 Stockton st; phone -Bush 484.
18 TO 24 foot gasoline launch, with salt w»t«r
fitting and dynamo, cabin; or small schooner
or large cabin catboat. Box 848. Call.
"WANTED — A cheap work, horse. 310 Tweltffc
street "
GOOD upright piano, value $100: will exchanf*
desirable building lot on equity. 1610% Buah.
I WILL pay good cash prices- for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box '4960, Call offlce.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st : tel. Jessie 2S3I.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWka..418Turk.
PLACER claim. Sisklyou Co.: $4 a day: pries
$150. O. Q. BUTLER. Winchester Hotel, 3dst.
MONEY wanted, equip large mining property;
Placer Co. Ad. G.K.,r.344, Winchester Hotel.
¦ ' ' jttONE Y TO _^gA?^ w^ __
A — R- McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room X
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. .-" '.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages. . !
' On undivided interests ln real estate.
. On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
~~ Telephone Main 6513.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-C02 Examiner bl«
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
......On First and Second Mortgages.... i.
..On Life Interests ln Estates
......Property Being Held ln Trust
.....Undivided Interests in Real Estate,. .. s
" Life Insurance Policies; Estates ln Probate.
Financial Problems of - AH Sorts and , Siaes).
1FTOU NEED MONEY. .;:...;..
See HERMAN MURPHY. C01-C02 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). .
$300, COO at 5% and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property:
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN.
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest ln estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OL3EN^>
MONEY to loan ln sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc., at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 103 Ellis st. room 10 (Glasgow
block). ______
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant »v«.. aeac
Geary st; phone Red 1603. .:.:.-•* - -
HIGHLY respectable private place to ott-ia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 8*1
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or planoa; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st. room 3&.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly quickly, confidentially; lo-we«t
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY*
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lie* Home.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni.
ture pianos; no removal: low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S F DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market «t. room C8.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. ' Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bis. : loans on planoa,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open ev»«.
ONjfurnlture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LJCK. 116 McAlIUtar rt.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mcney loaned salaried people wltnout secarlty.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 Callfornl-.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 * month oa e*c!»
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. .u
CASH loaned salaried people on nota without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid*.
LOANS money on salary; no Ijdorser; ««*«¦
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309Phelan blag.
MfTSICAl^JINSTRgMENTg.
7T^2~«7e~ciosing out the Hallet & D»vl»
Sad vssusss 1^
Jome special bargains:
1 Bourne •«•
1 Weber g
1 Knabe .... r J**
I IK** BV«e»::::::::::::::::$mto 240
i US \l it
2 Chickertng 193 to 280
6 Organs - -•- 13 to 33
Rents, $2; Installments, $3. or your own
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine HalL
. ¦ -235-237. Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
a nd term!* upon pianos, please bear ln mind
that we. can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine , pianos and largest
arsortment cf best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor Kearay and Sutter sts.. S. F.: Broad-
icay and Thirteenth sta. Oakland. "
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a" new peerless Knabe. at regular
rrice; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us.' KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st; established 1S50. - .-
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright -pianos from $X3 up. '
Second-hand ; square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; now upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON- 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng. Masoa
.and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
BARGAINS are only bargains when you are-
enabled to get value received. '•• You" get morn
than that In every piano purchased from us.
. We sell the Wlssner. ¦ Baumelster and Stod-
ard. " THE. ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st. . - ',. .'. •¦¦
SACRIFICE — Latest style upright. ; slli&Uy
used. 16 McAllister st, near Jones. "
PPSIiXESS
$150 — CIGAR store/ opposite R. B... depot;
value in sight: selling at sacrifice on acccunt
of otv.er business; a bargain. P. S. " de
LUCA. 318 Kearny st -—
$175 — RESTAURANT; north Market: sacrifice
on account wife's sickness; business clears
$80 month; good chance. . Apply. P. S. DE
LUCA, 318 Kearny st. room 1.
$15C0 — AN elegant oyster and chop house; best
location: cheap rent; dally receipts guaran-
teed $35 to $40; sells at sacrifice on. account
of sickness; look at this before buying else-«
where. Apply p. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny
st, room 1. - ¦ . . , ' -. - ¦> ¦
A RARE chance for • man and wife; a home
cooking and baking, kitchen, in the best local-
ity in the city; price $400; is well worth |650;
must sell on account of sickness; call and
examine. 520 Taylor st.
A PROTESTANT Christian man or - woman
with $2000 or more to back up a new busi-
ness; should investigate my proposition; Box
17S1. Call offlce. ,
HAT. and clothes :dye and cleaning works in
Sacramento; lady could run; profitable busi-
ness; owner must sell on account of living ln
San Francisco. 755 Mission st.
GOOD inside route on morning paper for sale.
204 Leaven worth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at" Call branch office. 2230 Fillmore.
'LODGIKG-HOPSBS; FOR SALB. '
Business, Is ( booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low Interest.
MARION GRIFFIN. 710 Market st (upstairs).
I Office near Call building.
Our telephone—Black 1-8-0-3.
Correspondence solicited.
List your houses with us by telephone.
AH houses for sale on our installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market et.
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location;. Al furnished.. $S50
20 rooms; sunny; good renter. 950
8 rooms; tunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
1 16 rooms: rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men.. 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine. location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain........ COO
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per. cent.
Hotels, roadhousee, fiats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
-850 Market st — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281. ,
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,!
business chances and real estate."
We furnish vacant houses and .
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new "every day.
. . -New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO..
• 850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
; Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains ln hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices ; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1% per cent. ... " - v •
BARGAINS and ¦ many choice Investments ln
first-class lodging and boarding houses can
be secured at all times, and bona fide buyers
are welcome to inspection; kindly call at
office. . . .
• • • G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
85 ROOMS; rent $65; lease; good corner house;
tenants mostly workingmen; house • clears
$125 a month; furniture mixed; house must
be sold on account of other business. - For
particulars address box 1724^ Call.
FOR lodging-houses — From $200 to $6000; bar-
gains: snaps, etc.; some very cheap and good;
6nly honest trade. McBRIDE & CO., 705
Market st. . ¦ .¦¦
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis «t, room 10
<Glascow block); , .
. J-I^ ,-, I^ P i RIT . 1TA^'" M ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦'¦
BROCKWA Y'S elate writing and test seance,
Sun.; Wed. and Fri: nights; ' every one re-
celves test; 25c. Readings dally 1052 Ellis st
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow night. 8 o'clock: only friends admit-
ted. 1084 Bush st.'; $1; Phone Larkin 4133.
MRS. J. J. .WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;/
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: best tests,
10c; tranc» readings. 50c. $1. 132 Sixth st
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tolicco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all tc-nlght; 10c..
' ; CLAIRVOYANTS^
A — PROFESSOR. PAUL DESTINE
The Great Reader of Human ' Destiny. '.
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS THE
FIRST GRADUATE CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST EVER IN SAN FRANCISCO. :
EXTRAORDINARY clairvoyant power, com-
bined with his ' superior knowledge of occult
forces and the science of palmistry, enables
him to read human destiny with unerring ac-
curacy. He advises you whether or not you
wH« be successful ln mining, business, specu-
lations, investments, lawsuits, love, marriage,
etc. He tells you why you have poor health,
poor " luck, unhappy homes, broken engage-
ments; why you are a failure in business, in
love, marriage, employment, games of chance,
etc. By proper advice he reunites the separat- |
ed. restores lost affections." how to marry your j
choice, makes you 'successful in your busi-
ness, gives you good luck, "teaches you to |
locate hidden treasure and mines, so that sue- 1
cess Is sure." He has assisted thousands to I
health, wealth and happiness who had given j
up in despair. Why not you ? Palmistry taught.
Medlumlstlc persons developed. 127 Ellis st.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located . at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate I
description of the past, reveals the present hap- j
penlngs and portrays events to occur in the fu- j
ture. If you are ln trouble, . discontented, un- {
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic. 1
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. . Valuable advice ln all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45U9.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. -Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
& p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
ln person- 3 questions answered. $1; full life
' $5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 60c— 50c— NO HIGHER. ~ ~~ ! |
This week only, advice on love, business af-
fairs; reunites the separated, causes speedy
marriage; names, dates, facts given; when others
fail call on world's greatest medium and palm-
ist Mme. J- Lyons. 1016 Market, parlors 8-3.
A — MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st., bet. Geary
and Polk; clairvoyant, crystal seer; reads
your life correctly without questions; full j
names; SOc-$l: 10 a. m. to S p. m. ;
MME. PORTER, wonderful dairvoyani & card !
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles 60c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
J tell comes true; send dime and b'.rth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1200 Market
et., cor. Golden- Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
•MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given;. 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 5Oc, 704 Howard.'
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high ' psych 1st ;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125- Turk st.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50; readings dally. . 132 Sixth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-boat-
ing works, 353-357 Tehama st: tel. South 40
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng.1213 Market bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO , Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 2C3."
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works., g; H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. SS-40 8th Bt ; tel. South 250.,
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; ¦ telephone ; East 126. -
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk:
. tel. East 725. A, G. KLEINERT, Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74. ,
V'yy-} COLLECTION OFFICES."
GEORGE I W. I KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless . cuccessful. Room*310. t>27 Market st.
COTTAGES FOR SALE. :"¦/'-; 7^";
COTTAGE, ¦ 5 • rooms. , bath, for -, sale • :-. to be
moved from lot on . Steiner, bet. Oak and
Fell. H. GEILFUSS & SON, 120 Fulton at"
DRESSMAKERS AND SE A M S TRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery S-h-vof-
corsot-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
.specialty. 78 Rausch st, nr. 7th '&- Howard.
HELP "W^afJEJ}-— £J£LJ3—-C^m 1^^
A— MURRAY & READY .".•¦.... Phone Main 5848
• ; 634-630 Clay • st - '
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 a.m. t
FREE FARE TO R- R. MEN.
V ¦ " Ship Dally. ! ' ".: ' -•
State of Nevada ....:. Salt Lake Division
. . : . Reno, Elko Moleen. Battle Mountain. . . .
.500 teamsters, free fare,. ..$2 25 to $2 50
600 laborers and rockmen.. ...... $2 to $250
.100 concrete laborers, free fare... ...$2 2o day
... : . . ..... . . .SANTA FE R; R. .........
150. laborers for company's own work in sec-
¦ tlons, ballast, steel, ¦ track and other gangs.
....SHIP DAILY— FREE FARE....
MURRAY & READY, C34-63(i Clay St. ,
A— .............. GOLD ..............MINES
..;.............. SILVER
7 ..;..... OTHER MINES ........I....
68 miners, single and double hand.......::..
.$75, $85, §90
' 15 machine miners ...$70 and found. $»0
29 muckers. . . . . .............. .$55 and found
163 laborers, no experience. .... ....'.....
.$40, $53, $60 and found
15 timber men. .....:.. .$70 to $80 andfound
29 laborers. a|V top" woEk, no experience re-
quired; If yotr^ give; satisfaction there will
be a show of advancement both in Jobs and
, wages; remember, the above are for 2S dif-
' - ferent mines, located all over California and
other States; steady jobs and good accommo-
dations, i - ¦ " ¦ •• - ¦
Large crowd going.. ..MURRAY & READY,
Are you? ....634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL; good job; free fare.
25 laborers; 12 miles from city. $60
MURRAY & READY.. 634 and 636 Clay st. .
AGAIN we pay your fares...
............... Ship To-Day
i ~ . . . ; . . . . . .No Experience Required
285 laborers for mills, woods, yards, wharves,
etc., located everywhere. .$30, $35 and found
" Foreman . logger, see boss here; lO men to
handle lumber, Humboldt County, '." $40 and
found; 3 lumber, graders, see boss here, $75.
¦. . . . . . .... . . . ALSO WANTED
• Woodchoppers, tiemakers, picket makers,
shingle packers, sawyers, cross-cutters, screw
turners, pond men, screw setters, shingle
. sawyers; woodsmen and all other classes of
help used ln mills, woods, etc. ; wages ruo
from $35, $40, $50, $60, $70, $80 and found
You'll Suit........ MURRAY & READY,
Will You Go? j ..634 and 636 Clay st
A— CARPENTERS. . . .... ..... . . .FREE FARE
Blacksmiths
9 carpenters,, country Job, to build scows,
dredgers, etc.; bridge carpenters, will do &
months' job, $82 and found;- free fare.
22 other carpenters, different Jobs, come, see;
carpenters, city, $4 day; 12 blacksmiths, also
9 helpers for shops, camps, mines, etc
••• .......$2. $2 50. $3. $3 60 day
. Millwright, see boss here, - shingle mill
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A — BOARD home.... ..Jin San Francisco
12 laborers, same factory Jobs :.. $2 day
.................. Others
26 laborers, city work. ............... ....$60
22 teamsters, city Jobs. $55 and $G0
297 laborers, teamsters, located all over Cali-
fornia. .....$1 75, $2. $2 25. $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
• ....'.. MISCELLANEOUS
Driver, laundry wagon. _ country. -$2S and
found; 3 laborers, city factory; choreman.
Catholic Institution. .$30 and found; 2 men
to drive trucks, country^ $30 and found; 10
men to build barbed wire fence, free fare; 2
shoemakers; 39 quarrymen,- $60; 9 roust-
'abouts; 6 teamsters, near San Francisco, $60;
brick burner, man used to burn" without oil,
$75.- and all classes of help for brick yards,
. etc. ; man to do chamber work, ' hotel.
1901 We Gave ....MURRAY & READY,
37,000 Men Work. ."634-636 Clay st.
A— HAYMAKING ORCHARDS
DAIRIES. . . .VINEYARDS. . .FARMS, ETC.
• 38 haymakers, mowers, $1 25 as day ¦ and
found; 486 farm, orchard, vineyard, stock
; farm hands, etc., $26, $30, $35 and found;
¦ come, -see; 69 milkers, special good places,
$30 and $35 and found; 22 butter and cheese
makers, $35, $40, $45 and found; 6 men to
/ pick and thin fruit, $26 and found; 38 chore-
men and boys, $15 to $25 and found; milker,
20 cows, $30 and found. ¦ J
We Supply.. MURRAY & READY,
4362 Farms .634-636 Clay st
26 STABLEMEN, hostlers, buggy washers, etc.,
city and country Jobs, some private
. $45. $50. $60
2 gardeners:.....- 2 choremen
Stableman, country stable. $35 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay. St.
A— HOTEL. . BAKERY ...... LAUNDRY
SALOON OTHER DEPARTMENTS
Second baker on cakes. ...... .$45 and found
88 cooks, first, second, third, for* hotels,
cafes, restaurants, R. R. houses, mines, R. R.
camps, hospitals, etc., in Arizona, California,
Nevada. Washington, Oregon, etc.. $65, $G0.
$50, $45, $35, $30, .$25 and found....*
Bedmakers; 26 dishwashers,' kitchen hands,
etc .;.... $20 to $30 and found
Bell and elevator boys, . porters
First, second, third hand bakers; 2 roust-
abouts, usual wages..........-...;...........
Hundreds of Other Positions....... ;
.....'...If you want work, come. see........
Work for .........MURRAY & READY,
Everybody. ¦ 634-636 Clay st
PACIFIC Employment Agency, 638 Clay st.. 1
• ; Phone Main 1191.
200 teamsters, I concrete men. - rock ' men.
steam shovel dumpers, $2 25 to. $2 60 day,'-
• free fare, to all parts of Nevada and Salt
Lake division, ¦ ship direct, .fee $1;< 150 rail-
road men, S. P. Co. and Santa Fe. .Free Fare
fl band sawyer •. ... $3 50 day
1 -bench hand .....*.... .53 50 day
20 boys to learn trades
6 car builders, $3 day
'4 cabinet-makers.. $3 d a y
" 3 shoemakers, country...... ..$2 day
25 tan bark peelers, top wages
4 solicitors and collectors, city
•' Plenty of other positions. Inspect ¦ our bul-
letins. " :
ANDRE'S Offlce. 316 Stockton at. "
For flrst-class springs— Pantry man. $30:
dishwasher, $25; yard man, $25. Three farm-
hands for steady Jobs, $25; man and wife'
for vineyard, $40; man and wife for road
house, $50; gardener, $1 75 to $2 a day;
, night watchman, lodging-house, $30. .
WANTED — Cooks, waiters and kitchen help
for restaurants; no fee. Apply 626 Mont-
gomery st., room 1. ¦ -. .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers— Business ' of great
importance to come before the union; final
action on scale of wages to be taken. JOS.
R. BLEILY, Secretary.
STEADY WORK FOR FOUR YEARS >
Any one wishing to engage in carrying the
u. S. mail ln screen wagons- from Postofflce
to ferry and return after July 1, 1902 call
at once on A. M. MOORE. Agt. Russ House
for particulars : must be . able to . give benda
and furnish six horses for the work.
Wanted— Trustworthy person in each county to
manage business established house solid finan-
cial, standing; bona fide weekly cash salary
$18 paid each Wed., with all expenses, direct
from headquarters: money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager, 359 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. ';.-, For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery st, San
I Francisco, or . Masonic building, Sacramento.
WANTED^-Experlenced domestic and drapery
salesman..- Apply between 8 -and 11 a. * m
at HALE BROS. \
WANTED — Delivery wagon boys. Apply be-
" tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED— To-day, steady^ sober man for light
indoor business;; must have $200 cash and be
satisfied with $75 to $100 month year around.-
¦ For particulars see STRAND, 1007% Market.
WANTED— Amateur musicians to Join a mlll-
tary Reed band ; also for string orchestra.
¦ : 328 Bush st.,' third floor, room 4.- — . . ; ¦ ¦
¦WANTED-^20 men for Nome;, $5 per day and
board guaranteed by a good company. Apply
655 Market st., Nome Ticket Offlce. .
BARBER wanted. 289 Seventh 1st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday:
first clasa. 1090 Valencia at. •
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
Modern, 34 Fourth st. • ¦
j BARBER Saturday, and Sunday. 260 Third st
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
, 1 428 Broadway. - , .
GOOD . barber for Saturday. * 623 Clay st. ' '¦; -
WANTED— Boys for delivery wagon; $]8~lio
a month. ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st. .
WANTED— First-class grocery " salesman." Ap-
ply superintendent's offlce, The Emporium;
WANTED— A flrst-class dinner waiter at 304
'Mason st,;. wages $4 a week."
WANTED — Porter. at the Ocean Baths barber
shop; 17; Taylor ; st. ....•.<<'..¦
F.XPERIENCED dishwasher wanted;, also dln-
ner .waiter. Restaurant,; 531 ; Bills , st. . . .:
•EXPERIENCED second; hand on cakes., 516
':. Hayes st; . ; .-i lV\V '" '• .¦.¦¦'".. '..-;
WANTED— First-class . candv maker. Apply
- - DEMARTINI Supply Co.. 112 Front Bt.
WANTED— Tailor, ¦'¦ for the ' country. >' 225%
; Montgomery. ave.; ..^ :.:¦
BOY about ."' 16, gentlemanly, for wholesale-
house. C. , V. ROWE, 18 , Montgomery st
SOLICITOR - wanted for ¦"¦ laundry. Apply at
' ¦' 'B32--ThJrd : 8t."l :.-.: .i-. ,-,: ":..¦' --V--. ,¦/-..
,! BOY .wanted, *trong and bright, '; under . 16
." years • of ' age. MALLOYE, ¦ 422 . Sacramento.
EXPERIENCED I driver: solicitor on commis-
: dyeing,- -cleaning works.'-: 1043 Market.
BOY; hours 2; to 11p.m.; $4 per week. 1568
¦ : Market ; st. ; apply : at' 2 o'clock. ' ¦ >
EXPERIENCED wrapper I for fancy goods and
T dry goods. -^ Box 850.'. Call; of flee. v
i ,WANTED-^-Good '- dishwashetC Capital ¦" Res-
1 taurant, 206 McAllister st. . " :. ,
: I WANTED— Shirt ' polishers. 1 . • Oakland Laundry
•I: Co.; 600 Twenty-ninth st, Oakland.'
SAX FRANCISCO CALIi.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cs 11. corner of Market and Third streets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 5*^7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m. ' ,
3C0 Kayes etreet; open until 9:30 p.' m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
215 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1"U Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22G1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m. - . •
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. .. .'
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CHl'RCH SERVICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st. — Preaching to-
morrow at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.. by the
pastor, H. H. Bell, D.D. Morning theme,
"Life's Crosscurrents." Evening theme, I
"The Yours Man and His Life Object" ;
Sabbath-school at !>:45 a. m. f C. E. societies <
at 5:30 and (>:3U p. m. Strangers cordially
invited to a!l services. Pews free. Courteous
ushers. Come and bring your friend*.
/ MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and a! *
M.— iTHIS (SATURDAY) EVENING,
al 7:30 o'clock, JiiBt degree. By order >t_5f
of the Master. fVi
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9~ F. and A. M.— *
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- >tX
gree. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary. l^r *
ALTA Lodge No. 205, L O.' O. F.— -ki#*»^_
Members are requested to attend
the luneral of our late brother,
ALEX GRONMAN, from the
rooms of the lodge, L O. O. F. building, SAT-
URDAY, May 17th, at 1 p. m.
A. J. ZOBEL. N. G. -
W. E. STEVENS. Rec. Sec
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29/ X. O. O. r^aimrg,
F. — Funeral detail assemble ln STTsSsSb
our lodge room TO-MORROW
<SUNDA5T). at 6:30 a. m., to at-
tend the luneral of our late brother, J.
FRANKLIN. SAMUEL fOLACK. Sec.
"NOTICE of meeting of stockholders lor pur-
poee of votlnj." on issue of bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
ward building, corner of California, and Mont-
gomery ets.. San Francisco, Cal. April 2S,
1SW52. — Notice is hereby siven that pursuant
to a resolution of the board of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 28th day of April, 1902, at a
regular meeting of said board duly held iu
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, whereat more than . three-
fourths of the directors of 6aid board, were
present and voted, a meeting of the stock-
holders of said corporation will be held at
the office and principal place of business cf
said corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
Hayward buildins, corner of Montgomery
und California streets, in the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, said 1
building being the building where the board j
of directors of said corporation usually meet, J
end said place being the place in said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of July, 1902. at 11 o'clock a. m., for the
object and purpose of then and there con-
sidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of eald As-
sociated Oil Company. In the sum of five
million dollars, payable In United States gold
coin, and to secure said bonded Indebtedness
to proposed to be created by a mortgage 1
upon, or deed of trust of all the property J
of said corjjoraticn now owned or hereaiter
to be acquired by it during the life or term
Of said mortgage or deed of trust. By order
of the board of directors Associated Oil Com-
par.y.
(Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the offlce of
the company, 327 Market st. San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
J9C2. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electine a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 1C, 1902, at 3 o'clock v. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
AGEXTS WANTED.
S NEW time and money savers: easy selling 1
books for men or women and office; exclusive; |
extra fine proposition for experienced agents.
. A. W. Bell, 417 Parrott b'.d^.. form. 1037 Mist.
CANVASSERS lor the Home Vegetable Slicer.
Call 1073*4 Market ft. room 7. . ' '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges: open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charjre without success: established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fee*;
all cases. J. M. THCRSTON. 819 Market st.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckelsbldg.. 027 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: no fees in" advance.
UICYCLES For Sale or ExclyuuFe.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call j
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market. 19C8 to 1974 Page.
niRDS, DOGS, ETC.
KOBISON'S BIRD STORE—
"i'iTi and 337 Kearny st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. -
Lerpest and best appointed place in the country.
DOARDI.VG FOR CHILDREX.
GOOD home with refined family (2 adults) for
child going to school: $7 month. 1610^4 Bush;
phone Polk 2797; references exchanged.
TOL'NG German lady wishes 1 child to board;
good home. 150 Chenery st
BOOKS NEW AJVD OLD.
AN old English blackletter Bible, also Testa-
ment bound in leather, one had brass clasps,
once property of Sinclair Klrtley, lawyer) of !
St. Louis and Sacramento, a '49er. contains ;
family records. , P. M. Cooke. Colonial Hotel. 1
BOOKS cf all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1143 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BISIXESS CHAXCES.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $3o(J per month; estab.
years; the best investment ln any kind ¦ of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— 5800; PARTNER wanted in fine paying and
best located restaurant on Sutter st; sick-
cess compels owner * to take good man as
partner or seli the whole business. See R.
u. WILKE. 2t>^ Kearny Et
A— *800; RESTAURANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot; place established year*
and doing a good-paying business. Call R.
Q. WILKE. 20 \!j Kearny st
A— $750; CORNER delicatessen etort with
3 nice living rooms, in the choicest location
ln the city; rent $23; only cause of sale
owner accepted Government position. In-
quire R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $275; SALOON, with hall. In first-class lo-
caticn, on San Mateo electric R. R • a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $1250; HAMMAM. Turkish and -Russian
baths; large patronage: all latest Improve-
ments; first-class location. See R. Q.
WILKE. my* Kearny et.
A 7^ 95^ : SALOON ln wholesale district: rent
$12 i>0; place is estab. for'inany years and
coing a good-paying business; only reason
for sale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
et ; established for years and known as flrst-
class paying proposition; rent $175; return
% nt n *•£?: /"^".ll?, 1^ 81 o*™* chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
"WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call cr write for our free list HEA-
LY & CARR Realty and Mining Co 713
Market st. room 406; teL James 4121. "'
RESTAURANT— $100 cash and. $200 on time-
rcO^I^Markrt"," "" "^ McBR^E
AN employment, offlce established 13 years-
will cell very reasonable for cash. Call «t
MISS CULLEN'S. S25 Sutter st
$400— RESTAURANT and oyster house- cen-
trally located; business clears $100 month-
•sacrifice • on account wife's sickness Box
651. Call office. ¦
$125 PUTS you in charge of a rooming-house
clearing $35 i>er month. ; 320 Third st. ;
FOR rent — Hotel, furnished complete among
Santa Crus redwoofls. Owner, box p!7. Call.
BUTTER and egg stall ln Grand Western Mar-
ket L H. EGGERS. 1312 Polk st
$5000 ADDITIONAL capital; whol2sale business
ln connection with manufactory. Box 870, Call.
"WANTED — Paying grocery and bar or saloon
in good location. Box 1772. Call offlce.
HOWARD and 19th — Grocery "and bar; 4 living
rooms; stable; rent $15; price $300. ,
6ALOOX with rooms; email rent; night and
day trade; $350; no agents. 70 Jackson st.
RESTAURANT for sale— Cheap. 136 Second
. etreet V ." .¦•¦'--
flOO — TOBACCO and cigar store with living
rooms; rent $1.3; must sell. Apply 140 First
¦'. '/' ¦.'¦Vv. ¦J-".':X- r *\ _^_
COMPANIES incorporated and financed: U. f S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sola;
investigate our 6 per cent income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London ana
plan; send for tha "Pacific States
I ;an\ up., to . date financial paper;
we -have always -opportunities for investors
to come in on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st; established 1892. _ ..' •'¦¦'-
'. FURKITUUE' FOR SALE. yj^
4j ROOMS~fmTiished ln^oakTi^" 60 . with No - 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127 : 1131 Market.
HOUSE, 7- rooms, bath,' basement; furniture
and carpets for sale cheap. 842 Capp st.
:;' FURNITURE. W ANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days: special
¦ reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner bis.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
- - --,- - - ' ;*_; GLOVES> _ nJI ;;_v;;'-, : -i--— —
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
' " KELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R~H^n¥e~N~&^O^s7T!T. .429 Bush st.
......... HOTEL -DEPARTMENT ...... ....
2 more waitresses, Arizona, free fare... ..$25
.Waitress, watering resort. ... . . . • A ?20
2 waitresses; flrst-class hotel, near clty..$2o
Waitress, south, fare paid. ••••§2°
6 chambermaids,, city and country. •• -*16. $^0
Cook and dishwasher, small boarding-house,
city ..;..... ..I.......;....:. $35, $15
¦ -Waitress, - summer resort. .. :.....:.. .$20
. . . . .... FAMILY DEPARTMENT . .'. .
Ranch cook, Gilroy, - fare paid,' $25; ranch
cook,- short distance, $25;- woman with a
child, country, i $15; cooks, housegirls, second
rirls, nurseglrls, best of wages. ,• v
. C.R. HANSEN & CO: ...429 Bush at.
WANTED— 2 cooks, no wash, $30, $35; 2 par-
lormaids, $25; 2 cooks, small hotels, short
distance, country, $30 $35; 4 second girls,
§20. $25; 2 infants' nurses, $26; pastry cooks
for mining camp, $30; cook for children, $25;
chambermaid and waitress for springs, $25;
4 waitresses for resorts, $25; 2 waitresses for
country hotel, $25, fare here; kitchen helper,
$20; 6 restaurant waitresses, $T, $8; house-
work, Alameda $25, Oakland. $30, San Ra-
fael $25: also a large number of girls for all
kinds of. housework, city. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
HEAD waitress, flrst-class springs. ........ .$35
MRS. M. E. DAY..;.... ?.335 Geary st
2 • WAITRESSES, springs, $25. fare. one way;
waitress, resort, $25; all to go to-day
MRS. M. - E. DAY. 335 Geary st
CHAMBERMAID, rooming-house, $7, sleep
home. MRS. M. E. DAY... ...335 Geary st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
•-,*-• .- ~ ' \ ¦ ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦.¦
HOW, TO 6EW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS for icecream parlor and restaurant Sun-
days and holidays; $l.per day. Apply Oyster
Bay Restaurant, 3208 Fulton st,. near, new
Chutes, to-day. . ¦ •
TO • do 'bedmaking, cleaning, and washing
'towels; $20 per month with room and board.
Apply Sherman ' House, 28 Eighth st -.;.
"WANTED— A girl for general housework; small
\ family; no washing or children. . 81.6 East
Nineteenth st, Oakland. ¦
WANTED — Refined young lady as housekeeper
in private family; one who pan play piano
. preferred." Address box 842, Call offlce. /
REFINED, and .educated woman of good ap-
pearance ; must be " past 30 " and ¦ competent.
Box 1789, Call offlce. j . *
EXPERIENCED waitress; also lunch and din-
ner waitress; 6 hours a day; $25 per month.
725 Market. st ..;_..._ ;-.-. . . ; .
PANTS finisher; steady .-work; good pay.
ROYAL PANTS CO.. 223 Kearny st. >
WANTED — Lady piano" player for roadside
house. In. country. .. Box. 924. Call offlce. .
FIRST-CLASS waitress; also to assist in cham-
ber work; wages $21. 816 Sutter st
ACTIVE young woman to learn waiting at
. table' ln restaurant. • 725 Market st
WANTED — Experienced waitress; retaurant
631 Ellis st. . . •
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF .AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF. GOOD-PAYING .WORK.
LEVI "STRAUSS & > CO., 32%' FREMONT
"'"; ST.; MR. DAVIS. . 7, , ' '
WANTED — S girls to learn halrdressing. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; brlnr ad; costs only $3 50;"3 posi-
tions- waiting; private customers- assure $50
to $75 per month; day. and evening . class : be-
i ware of- imitations ; ours first and only college
: of thft kind on Pacific Coast College. 233
Geary st, ; rooms 13-15. -¦ . -.-•¦•
WANTED— A' good experienced^ sewer for bush-
: eling department. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718
- Market at. . -.: ¦ . ,7-. " .- ' . ¦
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
¦ CO. Apply at factory. 27 , Geary ¦ st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
: CO. Apply "at factory, 27 Geary st. . .
WANTED — Experienced dry i goods -wrapper.
Apply between 8 and 11 a, m. at HALH
BROS.' . ¦¦•¦..' '
WANTED— -Experienced seamstress on coat and
skirt alterations. Apply between 8 and 11 a.
m. at HALE BROS.'. . :
LADY from 45 to 65 years will treat free for
. wrinkles; no surgery or electricity used. Har-
ris Institute " of ' Dermatology, 508 Sutterst.,
Bowhay building.' -,
Halrdresslner, manicuring, ' massage, bleaching,
dyeing," halrwork; splendid position In stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
BUTTONHOLE maker and finishers on vests,
¦ and finishers on pants. <''BELASCtt& HAR-
RIS CO.. 641 Market st. . . . . r*
A GIRL for housework and plain' cooking and
assist in bakery. Apply 1794 Halght st.
60 EXPERIENCED operators on silk and
woolen waists; good pay; steady work. San
Francisco Mfg. Co.. 623 Market st. ;
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper, state ex-
perience; answer in own handwriting. Box
837, Call offlce. '
OPERATORS and finishers, on gents' custom
and stock shirts. ROGERSON'S, 635 Valencia. -
GIRLS to sew on buttons. San Francisco
Mfg. Co.,, 523 Market st. . . .
WANTED— Girl to cook and do light house-
work. Call 1349 McAllister st. v :
WANTED— A good cook, to help with house-
work; good wages. 841 Hyde st.
GIRL for general housework. 945 Chestnut St..
Oakland. •
.WANTED— Experienced ' shlrtmakers. EAG-
i LESON & CO.. 535 Market rt , ¦¦..¦,.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call b^nch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •: ¦ -¦¦•'"• - .
HELP WASTED— MALE;
COOK and wife, country hotel, $80; cook,
country ; hotel, $30; night- cook, $50; short-
order cook and waiter, $35;- cook, boarding-
house,. $40;- hotel '-waiter,. $25;'* restaurant
¦waiters,- $35 and $8 week; .restaurant cooks,
,$10 and $12 week; dishwashers- and others."
. J. F. CROSETT &'- CO., 628 * Sacramento st.
FLOUR miller for country, ' $00 . and lncrca.se;
man about Institution," $30 and found; milker
for Oregon, ?30, fare paid; milker 'for Son-
oma Co., $32 50 month: 5 milkers, ' $30 and
$35; fruit peddler.-?l 25; farmers and hay
makers, $30 month and $1 25 day and found;
men fcr vineyard work, ¦ $1 day and board ;
>' stableman, private family; driver for milk
. wagon, $35 and -found; driver- for? laundry
,- "wagon, ,3*25 and found; sheepherder, • $30 and
found ; ¦':. 2 > farmers and : wives, $40 and " $54 ;
' teamsters, and others. . s J. - F. CROSETT &
.CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ;./?,
A' LARGE number of. men for mill -and woods,
$1 75,;?2,?2 75 and $30 and $35 month and
:•'¦ board ; , laborers for mines, . quarries . and ; pick
•; and ; shovel . work, city. 1 and country, $2 day ;
" . blacksmith, $50 and board; blacksmith help-
ers, $1 25 and ' board and $2 day; carriage
v wood >¦; worker.'. ' $3' : to : ?3 50 day X carriage
; painter, $2 50 to $3 50 day; carpenters, $3 60
¦ day: -edeer men,; $3 . day, and .many other
. mechanics. ' J. F. CROSETT &.. CO.,. 628
. Sacramento st. v r'-.\-...y. ¦.,.-. ¦ ¦ n ; *.,: ¦ -..- v .--.-
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
- 59 Third St.," near Call bldg., phone Bush 405."
. . .... .': : .RAILROAD LABORERS. . . . .
.-. . . FRFE > FARE. . . .... . . FREE FARE . .\ . ,
.100 teamsters,' Nevada.:.". 52 to $2 25 per day
/ 25. rock drillers, laborers. .:.....'. .?2 25 day
,'^60 concrete men. \. ...-...: ...'....'..". $2 2S day
1 Offlce -fee,- $1. . . .'. . . .-. .-. :No other . expenses
.... .... . ; :for lumber woods. . .¦• . . . . . .
4 woodsmen. ... . ,v..*40 per. month and. board
. fl Bwampers '.-; .-.".•;. . ?35 per * month • and board
C graders on 'road... *35 per. month and board
: .4 men "to handle -shingle .'-bolts, ¦„ Humloldt
: i •" Co. .'...."."....-.';. : $40; per 'month "and beard
; slO lumber pliers.*.. ."..". .52 to: $2 25 per- day
Teamsters and laborers, city.". . :$2 ¦ per May"
2- All. kinds of hotel"; and -restaurant help, c'.ty/:
¦ Man to. milk 10, cows and do ranch work; $23
.-"' and board; camo: cook, r 7'.men, > $23 ; per ¦ mo.
f y. CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCT, 50 Third. -? !
HELP ;¦ WANTED--MALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .429 Bush st
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
Free Fare .......: Free Fare
.... v FOR NEVADA ".
FOR NEVADA :
2000 teamsters, laborers, rock m«n and con-
crete^men $2 and $2 25 a day
• Foreman for steam shovels..
3 blacksmiths.... $60 and board and $3 a day
2 carpenters... $3 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
500 tunnel men, drillers, muckers. and outside
laborers $1 75 to $3 a dayi
- ...Free Fare.. Free Fare.-
| 10 miners, $2 75*. 10 machine men. $3; 6 ma-
chine men, $3; 10 muckers, $2 50 ........
Track foreman. $3 a day ; powder man, $2 50
a day; 20 laborers, near city, ?2 a day; edger-
man, $3 a day; 6 carpenters, near city, $2 50
a day and found; 20 lumber pliers and labor-
ers, country, $30 to $35; 10 farmers, $25 to
$30; 6 fruit pickers, $1 a day and board; 3
blacksmiths, country, $40 to $50; 10 milkers,
$26 to 30 .. .......; 7.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Experienced hotel bookkeeper, $60 and
found;. cake baker, country, $45; bread baker,
country, $45; 2 short order cooks for lunch
counter, "country, $35 and $45; second cook
$50, third cook $35, for hotel in Arizona, fare
paid; 10 waiters, city and country, $30 to
$40: 20 dishwashers, kitchen hands, $25 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
EEST. proposition: ex-lndustrlal. Insurance and
other good agents; weekly salary; Al terri-
tory. Pacific Mutual (Intermediate), 24 N.
Second st. San Jose.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
; 8. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
. less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 0 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. .-...-
WANTED — All-around printer: must be good
Job and ad. man. rapid, willing and under-
stand presses and presswork. both cylinder
and platen ; no boozer - need apply. Address
W. J. HILL. Salinas, Cal., stating age, quail.
flcatlona, etc. •' " '-. ' . ¦ '
BRICKLAYER to set up furnaces and ranges:
must be a clean, quick* worker, sober and re-
. liable and be willing to work at shop work;
steady. Job; fair wages. Box 833, Call offlce.
WANTED — Strictly sober, reliable young man
with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month;' 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade ; barbers" ln de-
mand ; only . requires - 8 weeks ; tools donated ;
catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
635 Clay st
2-CHAIR barber shop for. sale In San Jose.
Inquire of STOLTZ. 723 Market St., S. F..
or 140 Powell st
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country..
Apply RKISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
COOK for restaurant H. D. TREE. 3100 Ful-
ton st. . • ,
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith and helper. 837
Brannan at.
WANTED-7-Salesman with experience in drug-
gists' sundry line. Address box 832. Call.
WANTED — Boy of 16 or 17 years, residing
with parents. Box 1745, Call offlce.
ERRAND- boy for drug store; give age and
residence. Box 1779. Call offlce.
BARBER, shop for sale, with 2 living rooms;
rent $10. 921 Harrison st ~
McDONALD & PERRY, new and second-hand
United States army shoes. 241 Third st
WANTED— :Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st-
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.- 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to 60c. . 663 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED— Solicitor. Call at 1322 Pacific st.
. between 8 and 10 a.m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
. Australia. ' HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
PENSION atty., E. A. Bull Is. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army ihoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st; near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
- 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
'subscriptions has been established at 1088
Valencia st : " .. " ¦
AND - WAGONg. •';
FIRST sale at Stewart's Horse Market 721
Howard st. ; 60 head of gentle and thorough-
ly broken horses, from 1000 to 1700 pounds:
also 1 complete camping outfit; horses now on
exhibition; sale begins at 1 p. rn. Monday,
May 19. 1902; telephone Main 1150. .
JUST arrived— 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken: come and
see them at Occidental Horse- Exchange. 246
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, bar-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses— The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn v cheap. Inquire : ORMSBY.
. 2C Montgomery st. ¦
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived.
- several fine road and business horses, new
¦ buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
RUBBER-TIRE buggy, Surrey, boulevard and
• pony cart; ln good repair. O'BRIEN'S, Polk
st. and Golden Gate ave.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR exchange — Handsome driving cart, seat-
ing 4,, for a gentle buggy horse. Box 831, Call.
FOR sale — Good business buggy at 1375 Eddy
street. : ¦ ' ¦ -
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap.'- EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey,harness,work,drlving horses. 15th&Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
. . HOUSES TO e LET.
A — PRINTED list nouses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
; eon. between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
"10 Ewer place. _^_ ' :
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner st,
j near Ellis. . ¦ \.
."¦ HOUSES .TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED, for not. less than one year, or
will sell at a sacrifice; modern house. 12
rooms, bath, etc.. Including 2 kitchens suit-
able if desired for 2 families: fine order; large
garden; reasonable to reliable parties. 123
. Liberty st. near Twenty-first and Guerrero.
HOUSES TO LET — COUNTRY.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 rooms,
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
INVESTMENTS. '
SPLENDID Investment — Point . Richmond land;
great bargain; small ' tract, .heart of- town,
suitable to cut into lots. THE INVESTORS
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st. S. F.
~ ,_J L °? T _ A ?^ . F^°iJ[^U^^A^.
$^^MWARD^$5T^ ""
-' Yawl' boat, painted green. John Twigg build-
er, ' stolen from schr. Alameda, ' lying at Goat
Island. May 5 or 6. Patent Brick Co.. Berry
¦t.'.near Fifth. . ' . • .. /
LOST— Gold pin ln Native Sons' Hall; lady
seen picking it up will please- return same to
>- Arion Verein, 421 ¦ Post st. ; reward. ¦
LOST — Ring;, three "diamonds \n raised dlago-
. nal setting; reward. Return to 800 Van Ness.
LOST— !• diamond, 1 pearl set gold ring; re-
ward. : Box , 834, ; Cal 1. .
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch . cases. - -
' - MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO Order; also cleaned and sterilized;' uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421. .
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses; -pillows; window
Bhades. J.F. Hotter.721 Mission -.tel.Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies,', all who ace sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual . female * complaints . positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
: cases taken; the most difficult case3 treated;
have • relieved ] thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subects
of ;a delicate nature: -¦ DR"~"G W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. -1013 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero," nr. 18th. a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs.'
experience ln midwifery cases, takes ladies be-
" fore and during confinement: best : motherly
care; Infants adopted; confinements, $15; rm.
. Jcboard $5 week: all who are sick or in trouble
consult i me before goinj elsew're. TeLBlue411.-
DR." ROSEN. . 1007% Market -st. "-. near Sixth!
• : treats ladles only ; = relief In - all - cases ' taken.
-' w2i^i-iL- :
EL*ECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market. Cor. ;
4lh. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without iplates our specialty; gold
ciowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours. 9 a m.' to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.'
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st, cor. Mason — .
• Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant .--R.* C. . ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager. -, *
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
[ warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, 'cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings.- 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st— Expert
Vrorkmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46~> O'Farrell. late of.6 .Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SFT of teeth without plate. DR. " H,' G.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st. ¦ ¦
<
HeXlD'S^SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night... 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. . . —
(A. — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all Ret positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F.' Busl-
ness College. 1230 Market st. ¦ .
GALLAGHER- MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts;- best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed by official "court reporters.
13S2 Market st ' •
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment :
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE/iYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school ''for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st., for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1884. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60- page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.'y
ACTING, elocution, specialties ; Hallet School :
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
• sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Pupils on piano. 50c lesson at their
homes. 328 'Bush st. . room 4. third floor."
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet SchoolActlng. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or- banjo,.
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
, etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof.' MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1803: new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT _'_.- ¦'
ORPHEUM Employment Office-^-Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stock-
.. ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office^—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East. 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. . 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable bousecleanlng cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and' Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO... 640 Clay..
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment : Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -FEMALE.
WOMAN wants work by. the day; washing,
ironing, house cleaning. MRS. SIEBOLD, 77
Natoma st. -
MIDDLE-AGED lady .wishes general house-
work or to assist; would help to take care of
children. 76 TUden st - -'¦-,,,,;.,.:
GERMAN woman would like to do plain sew-
j Ing at. home. 140 Fourth st., room 3.. ,'";,
GERMAN lady desires position as lady's maid,
nurse or stewardess on steamer or sailing ves-
sel. Call afternoons or address MRS. S.," 90
Shipley st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $160 per night: $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. . .-
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. -639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription j
received at Call branch office, ,2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. . . ¦ ¦ .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
MAN and wife wish situations; wife a -first-
class cook; man as general man about a
place; understand care of horses. Box. 1788,
Call offlce.
YOUNG German wishes position, ln wholesale
house; has some experience, j Address F.-BIR-
tel. 724 Mission st. - . . ¦
WANTED — Situations by American man and
wife as cooks ln mining camp; thoroughly, re-
liable. Box 839, Call" offlce.
"WORK wanted by experienced grocery clerk;
Scandinavian; flrst-class Eastern references.
Box 1786. Cali office.
YOUNG man wants situation as valet: compe-
. tent to act as private secretary; no objection
to traveling; references given. Box 1787, Call.
BOILERMAKER and steam fitter, reliable and
sober, Wishes position. Box 843, Xall offlce.
: —, 1 . ,
; SITUATION wanted by a flavoring extract
maker. Address G. E., 639 McAllister st.^
YOUNG man from the East, experienced in the
chemical line, also knows how to manufacture
liquid fruit essences and bon bon flavors,
wishes position; have fine formulas for mak-
ing essences and flavors. ESSENCES, 724
Mission st.
SITUATION wanted with some large concern
by expert mechanical draughtsman; 20 years'
experience in -.the: East; designing, building
and perfecting machinery; ln or out of city.
R. M., box 828. Call offlce. . ;
WANTED — Work as bookkeeper 'or assistant
cashier, clerk, business manager, expert ac-
countant or otherwise: electric execution.
•'Etrenuous. imperturbable. N. . R. G. box
1011. Call offlce. . • *•
ALL-ROUND blacksmith and'shoer wishes sit-
uation; reasonable wages; city or country.
Address F. A. MUSSET, Elmhurst, Alameda
County, Cal. .•
YOUNG man, has served in Russian army . as
barber surgeon, wishes position In doctor's
• office: something new and more income. Ap-
ply at once, J. E. AHLMAN. box 1773, Call.
WANTED — Situation by young married man
. as watchman, . night or day, drive delivery
wagon or general work in wholesale houser
good references. Box 928, Call offlce. -
FARMER and wife want "positions of trust
j on ranch : thoroughly understand fruit and
grapes; good references." Box 841.. Call. >
BARKEEPER • from East wishes situation;
temperate; first-class mixer; club or -hotel
¦ preferred. Box 1785, Call : offlce. -.
POSITION ; wanted; experienced Eastern elec-
! trical engineer of university and technical
, education; good references. • Box 912, Call.
TEMPERATE able-bodied young man wishes
work in Alaska at mining.' C/ McGUFFIE '
836 Illinois st - *.
SITUATION as barkeeper by a . young man;
city or country. Box , 1776, Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.' --...,- -¦. -• .--¦¦¦¦¦-
FLATS TO LET. ¦" '- -., "
2 NEW. sunny 5 and 6 room flats; all modern;
Mission and 24th 'st. cars pass door. • Corner
Noe and Elizabeth sts. '. ¦ :.; ,.•,.-..-. -.:.
UPPER ¦ flat, 7 ' rooms and basement rooms-
. fine marine view. ; 2362 Vallejo st. ; key at
2364. -. ¦ : . - ¦ •-. ¦• , -. f '
MODERN, sunny, ; clean 5-roomflat 916 Capp
street. ¦ • .. ¦• :, m.".-. >..;,* ¦/.- ¦• / ¦ -.
FRANKLIN. 202— Nice, clean, sunny tenement
. of 5 rooms and bath. . . '. ,- • ,
2 FLATS . of* 3 rooms each; rent cheap. '^ 3
Hampton place, near Third and Folsom sts.
PIERCE. 2935 and 2937— $32 60 and , $35 • ' ele-
. gant new 6- room; flats. Just completed. , ;.
PINE. 2132 — 0 rooms, bath ; . all modern ; j large
back tyard; fine basement. Owner. , 2134 Pine.
r FLATS FOR SALE— -KLRXISHKO.
THE new and up-to-date furniture and carpets
of -an" S-room' modern'-' sunny; flat- near Van'
Ness ave.. on ' Eddy. st. -; Box 994, Call. :-¦¦-' r,
AN. upper flat . 6 < sunny, f urn.-, roonis and bath-
¦ rent $27 50. . 1C20 ; Central ave.. . near Sutter.'
GOLDEN GATE. 1517— 4"rms. ; bath ; gas range"'
garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms.; $12 50; 1 to 4.'CHICO, May 16.— While swimming in Chico
Creek, near this city, this -afternoon Clyde
Archibald, aged 20 years, was drowned. 'Archi
bald was a recent arrival from Albany, Oregon ¦
wkere : his brother. O. : A. r Archibald. Is cashier
of, the First National Bank.
Mtb. Lulu 1 Stewart," f 631 • Natoma street,"
securedia' warrant from r Judge Cabanlss
yesterday,-, for ; the » arrest j of ; Thomas F."
Cohn, I her divorced j husband,; on a. : charge
of ' battery.*' They vwere . divorced " in 1898,
and . since 'then she '.- has again:
She said she was taken, seriously 111 some
time ago and her. husband gave Cohn per
mission i to'- visit v her. -After • she ' had -re
covered - she ' told Cohn to | cease his visits.
He called ¦ Thursday 1 morning 1 ,: and * as she
opened the door Cohn, 'she claims,' struck
her." a \ blow : : in the ' face,
ing her; eye and knocking, her .down.';; i
Divorced;. Wife: Makes Complaint.
; &• . . ; NEW WESTERN "; HOTEL. . ' ¦
J H Share. Pocatello MrsJ C Kinnell Tex
C 8 Ames&w, . Tacoma Miss B Kinnell "Texas
L Forster.wAd. . Mich Miss Jessie Brink KT v
A L Hughev i Mo - F S Armatead Ohio :
Tho«. Bock -K-C •-.-.•: J M Sandusky. Ohio"
R B AshmanT- Neb v • B R -Brown, Phlla
J Pete. "Wayne. Neb ;r Arthur Smith 'Clntl
Miss J Austin, - Neb ;'.; : Miss Emerson. ' Boaton
C Martln&d. . Kan :- : - T Why te. Denver^
M W, Lowrey^ Texas f"W;.O Johnson. Kan ' I
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
V , ' FJEUDAY.-May 16—4 p.Vm -
» y .; Bid.Ask.r ;-..; ,Bid.Ask.
Alpha ........ 02 - 03 Justice ....... 03 04
Alta* ......... \ : 08 ••¦¦". 08 Kentuck ... .. 01 02
Andes ....... " ' 01 02 Lady Wash ,.'. ' — . 04
Belcher ...;.. 08 , 00 Mexican ..... 44' -45
Best & Belch.. .16 17 , Occidental ... 2O'"22
Bullion 02 03'Ophir ..... . .1 20 1 25
Caledonia''... 88 . 89 Overman .... 28 .29.
Challenge Con 17 19 Potosi .......'-31 32
Chollar .....-.¦ 16 17 Savage /.....' 13-' 14
Confidence ... 60 65 Scorpion -.Y. .'; — ; 04
Con Cal& V.135 1 40 Beg Belcher. .;• 02 ' 04
Con Imperial.- — 02 1 Sierra Nev...' 24 25
Con New Yk. V— ,02] Silver Hill... 44 . 1 45
Crown Point..' 07 .- 00 St. Louis — .. ott
Eureka' Con.". . 18 S — Syndicate ... . — .. 07
Exchequer ..'01. 02 Union Con..-. ; 24 2i
Gould & Cur. 12 13 Utah ........ 02 of
Hale & Norc. 21/ 22 Yellow Jacket 20 : 22
Julia'-'........'.' -..— ! 7 04 ----f :¦' -r ¦;.:¦¦¦¦ ¦¦;¦-. ,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Detectives Ryan and O' Day are looking
fcr the owner of a 100-pound sack of sugar
which they found In possession of K. 31c-
Quaid and John Dougherty at Sixth ard
Brannan streets last Wednesday. Both
men .bear, bad reputations, according to
th« police, and have been locked up in the
City Prison until the officers can deter
mine how they came Into possession of
the sugar. . .
Held in Jail on Suspicion.
To get one of our clocks— the quaint golden
ones that every one ' wants. Also gold
candlesticks, candelabra and Jewelrr
cases ¦ make fine wedding presents ana
prizes -for card parties. -. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. . •
It's "Al-wnys Time
200 !Best & Belch. 3 19 200 Overman : . . : • 27
200 Caledonia : . . . --,8tf 500 Potosi .;..... 32 .
100 Con Cal & .V.I 40 200 Potoai ¦ ;.''3a
300 Mexican .'.;... 46 500 Seg Belcher.. 02
200 Occidental ... 23 400 Silver Hill ... 41
200 Ophlr .......1 30 800 Utah '.;...... 02
¦',-¦" ¦••' Afternoon '.Session.'.. .
200 Best &" Belch. , 17 400 Ophlr' ..;..l 2214,'
200 Caledonia, ...... 88 r 100 Ophlr ..... 1 25
100 Caledonia . . . .. ' 89 200 Overman .... 27
200 Caledonia ..... .90 600 Overman -. . . . 28
200 Chollar 17 200 Sierra Nev... 25
300 Hale &.Noro. • 20 800 Sierra Nev.:. 24
600 Mexican .....44 300 Union Con... 25
100 Mexican...... 46 800 Union 1 Con... ;24
800 Occidental ... 21 .> . ; -
Morning Session.
' The following, were' the -sales in the Pacific
Stock and Exchange. Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session
300 Best& Belch. 10 500' Overman ' ' -27
800 Caledonia .... 87 200 Potosi . . ; . '* 32
600 Caledonia . ... 88 100 Savage .... - 14
400 Hale &.Norc. -20 200 Silver Hill... 44
1000 Justice ...... .03 600 Union Con... 23
100 Ophir .....:.l 20 100 Union Con... 24
300 Overman .;.. 28< 800 Yellow Jacket" 21
800 Best & Belch. 18 400 Overman .... 28
300 Caledonia .... 8!) 600 Fotosl 33
200 Caledonia .... 88 300 Savage ...... 10
100 Con Cal & V.I 40 100 Union Con. 27
400 Mexican •.-.... 48 500 Utah 03'
700Ophir .,.1.30. - . . , ¦
Morning Session.
The' following, were, the sales in. the San
Francisco Stock and ' Exchange Board yester
day:
MINING STOCKS.
The .lecture was given preparatory to a
trip soon to, be given- to the Grand Can
yon by the Sierra and" Camera clubs of
this city.
The California Camera Club gave Its
144th Illustrated lecture last night on tha
"Grand Canyon of Arizona." -The lector*
was ably given by Rev. William A.
Brewer. .After, speaking generally of the
Territory of Arizona the lecturer took his
audience by way of the Santa Fe Railroad
to Williams, Arizona; from there a branch
line- was traversed, running due north to>
Bright Angel Camp on the brink of tha
canyon. The Bright Angel, Hance's and
tho Mystic Spring trail were each de
scended in turn, showing superb views of
granite and sandstone' formation, Indian
cliff dwellings and the Colorado River at
the base of the canyon. The listeners were
shown through Cataract Canyon, the
home of the Havasupal Indians, the only
modern cliff -dwelling Indians in Amer
ica. Their huts, dwellings, customs and
habits were shown.
Large Audience' Through Won
derland of That Territory.
Rev. William A., Brewer Carries
CAMEBA CLUB IiECTTTBE
Z0H ON CANYON OP ARIZONA
25 Sovereign , 82
100 Sterling 1 8«j%-
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
"¦ : Morning Session.
¦' • Board— .- . • ¦-.'¦.
1 50 Home ..¦.•../...;...."..,.«......•. 335
000 Junction ...!.
100 Kern .' 5 od
100 Kern, b 90..... 5 25
300 Monarch of Arizona...... r 17 •'
500 Sterling, b 30 1 85
,700 Sterling ' ....'...... ... .'..... 1 ?2%
¦ Afternoon Session. . ¦"!
• . Board
100 Cala-Standard .-. .......... 20
200 Kern, » 5. '..-.........; ...:." B 00
2000 Lion 06
160"Peerless, b 30 ....; . » 25
: Anton Frommenwiler : (owner) with John R.
FaUlka (contractor). . architect : H. Hess— All
work. except mantels and shades for a frame
cottage with basement on lot 1. block 12 War
ner^Tract, ¦ Elmhurst. ,- Brooklyn .Township"
-Robert V and Henrietta Bon (owners) with
N. B. Ritchie &• Son (contractors)., areWtecS
Rouaseau & Son — All work except mantels tma
fixtures- and shades for... a". 3-story frame i ft
flats) ,on W. line of Guerrero: street, 4o3Tfrom
SW' corner of Fourteenth and Guerrero S sa
by W 101. Mission block 28; $13,250™^ -
C. E. Parks (owner) with C. J. and L A
Kern (contractors), plans 1 by owner— Wood!
marble, plaster, mill, iron work, glass, electrte
and. brick work for a 3-story and basement
frame building, (flats) on W line of Franklin
street, 67:6 S of .O'Farrell, W 87:8 by 927:6:
Builders' Contracts.
Helen A. Deamer .* (owner) * with G' C
Sweeney (contractor), architect .- Plumt>
ing, gasfltUng/ sewer work, water and gas con
nections • for .three 3-story- frame bulldlnza
(flats) on W line of Fillmore 'street, C2T8nS
McAllister, N 75 by W 87:6,- $26907 r . -
William F. Ayres to Will Grant rerecord
176S D. 183. 'lot on NW corner of 'Tenth avenue
and L street, N 100 by W 32:6; $10. -
J. Noonan Loan Company, (a corporation) to
Ora. C. ; Messner, .lot on N line of Lobos «treet
242 E of Orizaba. E 25 by N 125, lot 7. block
O, Railroad Homestead Association; $10
Paul Debauge to. Mathilde Debauge lot 3
block V. Park Lane Tract. Map 3; gift'.- -
Louise R. and Aaron Herlrtghl to Herman
Kiepen, lot on N line of Broad street 25 E
of Plymouth (Marengo), E 47:6 by N 126 Lst«
2 and 3 . -block K,. Railroad Homestead Asf"
elation; $10. . '.. : _ . ¦: ... ...
Callaghan Estate ; Company (a corporation)
to Alphonse and Emma Harrington; lot on W
line or Tenth avenue, 125- S- of H street; S 25
by W 120; $10. • . • -
¦William ¦ H. and Georglna Buckler to Fred
B. Southworth, lot on W line of Fifth avenue
200 N of Lake street, N 75, W 110:2% SE
75:1%. E 114:3ft; $10. . . \ ;. ; • '
Louis E. and Teckla Brun to John and Sarah
E. Dohfcity. lot on NE corner of Eighth avenue
and Lake street, E 50 by N.72; $10. - .
M. H. and Kate I. de Young to Alfred J.
Brandensteln.' lot on N.. corner of. Mission and
Spear streets, NE 137:6 by NW 137:6; also lot
on NW line of Mission etreet, 91 :8 8W of
Steuart, SW 45:10 by W 137:6: also lot on
NE line of Spear street, 137:6 NW of Mission
NW 45:10 by NE 137:6; $10, ; ?* .... *
Charles Hubert (by Robert Behlow, trustee)
to Charles Hufschmldt, lot on SW corner of
No* and Alvarado (M) streets, W ISO, S 114.
E 75, N 88. E 105, N 26; also lot on W lino
of, Anderson street, 100 N of -Eugenia. W 70
by N 25, lot 237, Gift Map 1; $1400.. -
George D. Rohra to Eugene • Hoffman, lot on
W line of Guerrero street, 176:6 S of Twenty
eighth, W 100, S 25, E 00. NE 5:6, N 19:9%;
$10l - .
. Eugene and Emma A. Hoffman to Louis and
Pauline Spott, same; $10. , . - ,
Edward F. and Mary A. Fltzpatrick to J.
C. Lay ton, lot on N line of Nineteenth street,
85 W,of Church, W 25 by N 100; $10. ¦ , . ,.
M. R. Krigbauro to Mary . A. Bailey, lot ' oh
SE corner . of Fourteenth and Mission streets,
S 170 by E 160; $10.
Emile La Forest to Carrie S. La Forest, lot
on E line of Clayton street. 27:6 N of Haight.
N 33 by E 100; gift.
Mary E. Schieffelin to Marie C. Brown (wife
of George W.), lot on N line of California
street. 101:1 E of Blerce. E 27:8 by N 120; $10.
Morgan Richards/ to Mary L«' Beretta (single),
lot on N line of Oak street. 50 E of Scott, E 25
by N 100; $10. v ; . v
¦ Amelia* Bitter, Alice B. Bourgoug-non, and
Matilda B. Hulllet to Constant Stolzle and
Bertha B. Perrier, undivided 2-30th interest in
lot on SW corner of Stelner and Sacramento
streets, S 120 by W 51:3; $10.
Fernand Bitter to Constant Stolzle, undi
vided one-sixth of same; $10. - - ¦¦ ¦
Oliver Eldridge to Mary G. Buckingham,- un
divided one-fifth of lot on NW corner of Lom
bard and Gough streets, N 137:6 by W 105;
gift. - ...
Morris Raphael to Viola Raphael, lot on N
line of O'Farrell street. 82:6 E of Octavia, E
27:6 by N 120; gift. ¦- •¦
. Teresa Wensinger (widow) to Julius -Abra
hamson, lot, on SW corner of- Turk street and
Van. Ness avenue, W 109:9 by S 60; $10:
. Elena F-. O'FarreU (single) to Teresa-"Wen
singer (widow), lot on SW- corner of Turk street
and Van Ness avenue, S 60 by W 109:9; $10.
Minnie Leahy (O'Farrell), wife of Daniel, to
same, same; $10. - ¦¦ •' ' ¦• -'
FRIDAY. '"MAY 16.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
;/•;¦'•¦ Afternoon Session.' '
Board — ¦..'••. . ¦;->.-¦_'
•5 Giant ¦ Powder Con. , ra nn
10 Giant Powder Con. .'. I 76 25
5 Giant Powder Con 1014
. 50 Giant Powder Con, s 00... 76 00
. 10 Giant Powder Con. ....'75 75
40 Hana Plantation Co 3 8711
a 25 S F Gas and Blectric CO 44 00
'• Street — .
$10,000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s.... 108 75
$10,000 S P Branch Ry 6s ..139 25
$2000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped)... 109 60
Morning Session. * . ' '¦ .
Board — ... .; .
SO Cal Wine Association.. ....loo 50
25 Giant Powder Con.,. 7575
, 20 Giant Powder. Con.'.... ... i... 76 00
20 Oceanic S 8 Co...; " So 00
100 Paauhau. S P Co.....;. v '£13 00
12000 Oakland -Transit 6s .125 00
$2000 S P of Arizona (1909).... n£ 75
Cent L & P. 2% — |Pac L Co. . . 45% —
Bqt G L Co. — ,3%!flac E G&R. 37 39
Mutual ..... 4%. 5 -¦ IS F G & E. 44 44%
O GI. & H. 62% «5 R F O L Co., 5%-5%
Pac G Imp.. — ./40%l6tktnG&E. 8 — ¦•
. ; : . -INSURANCE. • '
Flrem'a Fnd. 260 1-270 ,', . ¦-¦>/ *. .
BANKS. ". '
Am B & T..110 — First Natlonl — — . :
Anglo-Cal .. »0% ftl% L P & A....I6ST4 —
Bank, of Cal. 42« 430 Mer Ex (liq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.121 — S F Nationl 140
: . • SAVINGS BANKS. .
German ...1990. — Sav & Loan. — .' 00
Humboldt... — . — ¦ Securty Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav. 84% — Union Trst.1830
8 F Sav U. 525 . — : •
,; STREET RAILROADS.
California ..172' -^ IMarket ..... 99X4100%
Geary ..;...— 60 [Presidio .... 3sA — •
POWDER.'' :-W ; y
Giant ...... 75% 76 (Vlgorlt ..... 3% _ /
SUGAR. ,
Hana '.; 3% — Kllauea ...._ 914
Hawaiian :. — 40 Makawell ... 23% 24
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea .... 24% 25 :
Hutchinson . 13 .14 Paauhau ...12% u
,-.:¦ -- MISCELLANEOUS. 1 » -
Alaska Pack.159^161 ¦ Pac A- F A-.' 23i — '
Cal Fruit As.10* 102% Pac C 3or..l65* '— .»
Cal Wine As.iu0%100% Par Paint... 26 '
Oceanic SCo .30. ...— . -, .. ...-. : *,
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra 75% 77 Port Costa.. 63% 66 '
Marln Co . . .• 59 — Bpriny Val . . 91 % 91 %
''•'•'--. Bid. Ask.,-- • Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... Ill 111% 4s qr cp(new) 137^138
4s qr reg 111 .111% 8s qr coup... 108 108^4
.' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
o Ia *¦£ 5s -' 92 *4 — " Oc S S'Co 5s. '|£* 100
Bay CPC 5s. 108% 109 W Omnibus 6s.. i~- 130
C C Q&E 5s. 105 105% PacGIm 4s. 97% —
Cal-st. 5s.... 419 — Pk & C H 6s. — 110 '.
C Costa 5s. 110% — Pk & O R 6s — 125
Ed L & P 6a — '— Pwl-st R 6s. — — .
Per&C H 6s. — 123 Sae EQR 5s. — 103
Geary-st 5s.. — SP & SJV5s.l21 — ¦¦
H C&S 5%s.lO3 . — Sierra Cal 6s. — 116%
Do 6s .... — 09 S P of A 6s . *
L Ang R 5s.ll8%119K (1900) ....113% — .
L A L Co 6s. 103 103 (1910) —
Do gtd 6s. — •-"-•_ S P of C 1st
t D .° <F$5l-S 8 " ~" 103 (1905)Sr A.106%107U
L A & P 6S.103. — (1905)Sr B.107% — •
Do lem 6s.lO3 ~ (1006) ....110 —
Mkt-St C 6s. — 128% (1012) ....120% — ;
Do lem 5s. 120% — G P of S 1st r
N R of C 6s. — — . c gntd 5s. — '—¦
- Do. 5s .-...12094 —¦ Do. stmpd. 109^109%
N Pac C 5s. — 110% SP Br Cal 6s.l39i4140
N C R 6s... 114% — ™ S V-Wat 6s. — *Jn
Oak Gas 5s. 113 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 6s..l24'Jil25' 7 il Do 4« 3dm. — 102%
Bo 1st c5s.H3%115 Btktn G&E«s.lO2 104
Oak W G 5s.l03%104% ¦ ,-•
tJNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND "EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. May. 18.— 2 p. m.
,. Bank. of Mertdocino. which has been in
liquidation^ for,, quite a time, has declared' a
dividend of 25 per cent to its depositors. This,
J*" 11 /*?!? 2« . "Per- cent 'previously paid,' makes a
total of 02 per cent which the depositors will
have received back. ¦•- ' ¦. ..:.-¦ •<-•¦*
The Pacific Coast Borax Company has de
clared a -monthly, dividend of $1. per" share,
payable May: 29.-^ • -.-l. ¦ ¦. ¦ •'•. ¦' -.. ¦ '
City has levied an assessment of 60c per share
delinquent June 14. > ' . .
The officers of the Golden Gate Valley
Improvement Club are: President, Thomas
Terry; vice president, "William Wright;
treasurer, Jacob Heinz; financial secre
tary. E. F. O'Connor; recording secretary,
M. J. Nuhrenberg.
D. Haley, a member of the executive
committee, spoke in favor of having- tha
Supervisors divide Van Ness avenue so
that the residents of the valley could have)
better access. He suggested that forty
feet be set aside for public conveyances
and forty feet for private vehicles. Ha
thought the Supervisors had no right to
close the avenue to citizens who had no
other means of gaining access to their
places of business. He said it should not
be a boulevard. Mr. Haley also appealed
for better street lighting. Chairman Ter
ry closed by asking, for better railroad
service. He said the present car line was
a' pioneer like himself and like a pioneer
deserved sympathy. He said he hoped to
see the day when better streetcar facili
ties were accorded the residents of the
valley. - - . ¦ ¦¦ * :.
Ex-Assemblyman Dibble spoke long and
eloquently. He called attention to mat
ters that should have the attention of
every •• citizen in the district. He favored
public parks, better schools, better sew
erage, better streets and all such im
provements that can be had by the ex
penditure of public moneys. He signed the
membership role at the close of his speech.
DIBBLE JOINS CLUB.
I think the Mayor struck the key note. He
said that we have not asked and therefore- we
have not received. The fact undoubtedly is
that we are too modest. We have not suffi
ciently appreciated our own part of the city.
We have not been sufficiently aggressive- In
fighting for those things that are needed to
make this part of the city In every way beau
tiful and altogether Inhabitable. We are Just
beginning to realize that this dope and this
valley is In fact the most beautiful and most
sheltered and ought to be the most valuable
part of San Francisco.
' Franklin K. Lane, who is also a resident
of the district, was introduced and spoke
forcibly of the. needs of the district. He
said in part: .
I did not come here this evening: to talk to
you. but to listen to your wishes. I want to
hear the needs of this district and to help
you out in every way possible. I know that
there Is a crying need for better school facili
ties, but others do not inow it because you
have asked for nothing. The Bible tells us:
"Ask and you shall receive." Thus it ia in our
district — I say our, because I am one of you.
Since my election as Mayor of San Francisco
I have taken notes and had intended doing all
I could to Improve this portion of the city. X
believe In equal rights to al*. but do not be
lieve in _"-vinir special privileges to any par
ticular portion of San Francisco. (Applause.)
And that holds good aa long as X remain la
office. (Applause.) ....
I would like to hear from well-known citi
zens present what this district, needs, and X
assure you you will find in me one who will
further the interests of this beautiful valley.
I say, carry but your improvements and make
this- district one of tha finest places in the
city. As has been, stated by your chairman
we have plenty of ground for a park . and a
lot can be found for tha erection of a fln»
school building. But we cannot do these things
Without - money. At the present time the
Beard of Supervisors is trying to raise money
to do these things, and if we can raise tha
money I assure you this portion of the city will
not be neglected. I want to hear from you. I
want to hear what you want, and what ought
to be done. Let me know what you want and
as chief executive of this city you will have
my support In all that you ask.
The chairman then introduced Mayor
Schmitz, and when the applause had sub
sided the latter spoke in part as follows:
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S A3>3>BESS.
In calling the meeting to order Mr. Ter
ry took occasion to tell of the importance
of agitation. He told how tne citizens in
the Mission had secured schoolhouses,
better streets, parks and lighting by ap
pealing ,to the Supervisors. He suggested
a like course, and said an executive com
mittee was doing all in its power to bring
about better conditions for the district
bounded by Broadway and Polk street,
the bay and the Presidio. The commit
teemen are: E. J. Wilkinson, D. Haley.
William Wright, Edwin Douglas, F. Eick
horst, A. J. Vanderwhite, D. Mahoney, G.
H. Walker, Royal Cudworth, William
Schaefter and Thomas Terry. : \7l'P-
Mayor Schmita was accorded a hearty
reception at the mass-meeting held by the
citizens of Golden Gate Valley last even
ing in Stelmke Hall. His Honor is a resi
dent-of that portion of the city and is
alive to its needs. The citizens who re
side Ihere have formed an improvement
club for. the purpose of "securing better
facilities from the municipality. X,ast
night's meeting was generously attended,
and the speeches made by the Mayor,
President Terry, City and County Attor
ney vFranklln . K. Lane, ex-Assemblyman
Dibble : and others were enthusiastically
received." ¦ ' • <
Allan H. Pollak, manager of the San
Francisco Gas Company, stated that the
directors of the company are out of. town
and could not be- present.' Pollak said
that liberal discounts would' be allowed
in the bids for public J lighting: on the
plans proposed of- reducing the nights
when streets are not lighted from five to
two or lighting the streets every night
In the year. . ,
John Steigler urged that $30,000 be ap
propriated to complete the Hall of Jus
tice and James Cosgrave, cashier of: the
Post, pleaded for. an appropriation of
$18,000 for public printing. Both petitions
were taken under advisement.
The -stewards of the Emergency and
City and County hospitals appeared be
fore the Finance Committee in the.even
ing to urge that their, salaries be in
creased from $65 to $75. They stated that
they were compelled to work twelve
hours a day for seven days in the week.
Action on the petition was' postponed; ;
The committee decided to recommend
the payment of two-thirds of the salaries
of Deputy Justices' Clerks Byers, Auber
tin. and Roxburgh, who were appointed
by Powel Fredrick, but whose demands
were held up by the Auditor because the
State law provides for only two deputies
and there were five in the office. ¦'¦ i ;
Probably the most important appeal of
the day was made by X.. M.' King,* wh/j
represented the Merchants' Association.
He asked for an appropriation of $60,000
for the removal of the city's fire-alarm
wires from the telegraph poles so that
the telegraph company might be, enabled
to put its wires underground, in accord
ance with the ordinance passed . by the
Supervisors. He also requested the com
mittee to arrange for the construction of
public conveniences such as are privided
in Eastern and European cities.
E. R. Pease of the Mission Road Im
provement Olub and -I. T. Allen of the
Cycle Board of Trade asked that money
be provided for the completion of the Im
provement of Valencia street; The resi
dents of that portion of the city desire
that the street shall be -bituminized' from
Eighteenth on out to , Twenty-eighth
street. A. B. ilaguire made an appeal
in behalf of the Mission road, between
Oneida and Ocean avenues. - : • :
O. K. Cushing. in behalf of the delega
tion' from the Point Lobos Improvement
Club, stated that the Sunset District was
in need of a .new schoolnouse, as the
building in wnich the school is located at
present is entirely inadequate to accom
modate the pupils of the neighborhood.
He asked also | for the construction of a
new lire house .ana for better police pro
tection. / . .
The. improvement clubs had. their inn
ing at the afternoon session of, the^ Fin
ance Committee yesterday. , Delegations
from the Point Lobos, the Mission Road
and the Golden Gate Valley. Improvement
Clubs appeared before the committee to
ask .for . appropriations., for the improve
ment of their particular portions of the
city; Chairman' Braitdenstein explained
that the primary duty of the Finance
Committee in making out the budget was
to provide for sufficient money to cover the
running expenses of the municipality- and
not ;to provide' money for permanent : im-!
pr ovements. • He - advised tne delegations
that it would'be more proper for v them to
go before the Public Utilities Committee,
whose particular, province, it is to deal
with puollc improvements. . ::V
Merchants*. Association Ad
vocates Putting Wires
I ; , 7 Underground. ;; ; -\\. y.
Mayor Schmitz Promises, His
Support in All They
Request
Residents of Golden Gate
Valley Hold a Big
Mass Meeting:
Ask ; Finance Committee
to Provide Money
for Streets. . -
WANT PUBLIC
IMPROVEMENTS
CITIZENS WANT
IMPROVEMENTS
THE SAN FEANCISGO; CALL, SATORDAYi ! ¥^';iT,i'19O2.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
13
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con. j
jao-KOSLWOOD piano lor sale; cost *400; on
$5 installments. 130t> Gough. near Geary.
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 833 Post.
TOU may want a olano for rent. ECOTT-
CURTAZ PIAXO CO.. 500 Hayis st. ;
THE WILET B. ALLEN CO.. 331 Market st.
Steck. Everett. Ludwig and other good ryanos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
eold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A FIXE Steinway uprieht. left on tale; no
reasonable offer refused. 2:15-237 Geary st.
6NAP— r only. new. $450; high-grade upright*,
dropped from e=taloFue,$250. Bruenn.20SPost.
BVRON MAUZY. COS-310-312 Post St.; SoUmer
end other r'anos and pipe organs.
trri;Rinn violins, zithers, old and new . H
MfLLCR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
DESK room in lawyer's office; $* per
_ Address W. H. BUTLER. 927 Marktt et°
STORE with large basement, below Kearny;
alterations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
OFFICES WANTED. x
WANTED — Small desk room. Address Govern-
rrier.t Claims, box S49. Call.
-^rAMtTBttgy^ana nEcoRAroits^
FI /? ST .£V\ SS work : low rates; g'eTngures7~J.'
C. ROMAIXE, 640 Q. G. ave. ; tel. Polk 1423.
palmistry! ~
SlME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4 70t
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37. |
H V JE , ROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515 I
Teylor st.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 561. |
* m JPERS OXALS.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years; it cured hundreas of ailine women in
Us first year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferers every year elnce; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co..
2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 2S2, San
Francisco. .
AX elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
S15; with these suits we make an extra pair
?f pants free of. charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
tt. t between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladles' tailor made suits, .skirts,
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
suits, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
our new store. C F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC lirht in every room — •Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 7O» rooms,
25c to $1 50 per nipht; $1 50 to ?6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
EVERYBODY admires my switches and my
first-class hair work; hairdresslne. 25c;
shampooing. 50c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stock-
ton st.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAK. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.-
ENGINEERS »no railroad men can find Car-
hartfs union-made overalls at SL'MMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 2.
history preatest game ever played; 10c post-
pald. g. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest desigr.s for summer poods. J.
W. EVANS. 1C21 Market st.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market Bt.
ilONEY loaned at low Interest; *old. silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth 6t
LIQUOR habit — A new, BaTe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552. San Jose, Cal.
WHITE enamel iron beds, ringie, three-quarter
cr double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton eU. near Broadway.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE SUITS. ?10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A — If vour hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Mocre,C22 O' Farrell ;send for circular.
TAILOR-MADE euits. J7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupont.
EITERFLCOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and raole3 destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brigre — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tei. Wett 259.
Ur.Mjuerade costume* ax H. JU*S«r«cn's, theat-
ncal costumer. 26 OTarrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm,etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Tra\-erEe,1170 Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural eoler; $1; at all druggists*.
ONE MINUTK TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
£R LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
bett com cure, 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 cages, sent to any address In the
T nlted States or Canada one year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
f RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
. no operation; no detention frcm business; ail
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
L tation free. Dr?. Forden A. Pcrterfleld. 6 Turk.
ER. C. C O'DONXELL— Office and residence.
K.21S Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S army
transport Egbert — Office of General Superin-
tendent. Army Transport Service. 36 New
Montgomery Et., Ean Francisco Cal., May 1
1902: Sealed proposals. In triplicate for the
purchase of the army transport Egbert will
M received in this office until 12 m. May
20, 1902, and then opened; vessel to be de-
livered to successful bidder at San Fran-
cisco. Ca.1. ; the Government reserves the
right to reject any or all proposals; en-
velopes containing proposals should be in-
dorsed, "Proposals for purchase of army
transport Egbert," and addressed to the
General Superintendent. Army Transport ser-
vice. San Francisco, Cal. Particulars as to
bonds required, and information as to the char-
acter of vessel, etc.. furnished on application.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barrackr
SSfcii May .,? 2 K 19 °2-r 6caled proposal in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
m.. May 26. 1902. for furnishing such quan-
tity of bituminous coal as may be required
from time to time during fiscal year com-
mencing July 1. 1902. for supply to vessels
pertaining to the Quartermaster's Depart--
went at Portland, Oregon. Information fur-
nished here or at Depot Quartermaster's Of-
fice. Portland. Oregon. U. S. reserves right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or
any part thereof. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked: '•Proposals for
Coal at ." addressed J. W. Jacobs,
- C. Q.. II.
•SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION'
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 65S0.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
HERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 871.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. &40
MUgJon st.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKJNS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market mV.
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
; PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pe.ny. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2SL
SEWING-MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought. soTdTTent^uTwhaniedTrel
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard T264. 145 Sixth.
(monthly).'
Th^ NeW^ C^5J r ?: <*««/>: write for eampfe
copies and book list to the Theosophlcal Pub-
lishing Co.. Point Loma, Cal.. international
headquarters of Universal Brotherhood and
TheoEpphical Society. ; . "."~~ "*»•
TO LEASE. ™~ — — —
TO LEASE— Kenil^orth Inni romantically «1U
uated in Mill. Valley; &o minutes' ride from
Ban Francisco; completely furnished; in good
condition; 40 rooms; steam and hot water
baths; electric light*; heaters throughout; I
elevators, etc.: rent low. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 30 Montgomery st. or ROBERTS
Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal. ¦ '
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT isAiRaATNVTN^TVp^^RlT^EBa-^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals f3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53B California; telephone Main 268.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inrpec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING jl.M) .MI.MKnGRAPHING.'
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies. 2cTmlmT
eorrapalKg. 927 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 153».
TWEHTIETH CEHTUBYCOOK BOOKS
•' A car-load of Cook Books
. hits inmt arrived from Chlcajro
and they are ready for dlstrl- '
bat ion at tne bnn Inenn office
ot thin j paper. ; All Call aub-
¦crlbera are entitled to a copy
of this irreat Cook ' Boole . at
1 the premium price of, fifty
cents.
An additional . eharee of 2O ¦ .
cents ' to pay. expressase trill
be required from on t of tovrn
' labicriben ordering by ran/).
-nqbais for housekeeping. ',-:¦)
A^iEL^iY~scTarliaTs.~M5-V3i"TiIrk^^o't W and
.cold water baths," elect! lc- lights free; fur-
nished orunfur.: tel. Etst 312, Sutter 41.
CALIFORNIA, 3031 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping; no children.
EDDY, 519— Parlor suite. - ; nicely furnished;
bath; range and running water; reasonable.
ELLIS, 538— Sunny front basement floor. -3
. rooms; also eunny front room for light hskpg.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping; '& and
bath, $20; also 2. $15; 1, $S; single., $4.
FILLMORE.. 2212; near Clay— $10; 3 large
sunny unfurnished rooms; nice yard. : j
GROVE, 70S — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
i housekeeping; bath and gas. .
HOWARD, 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
cr unfurnished housekeeping rooms; phone.
JESSIE, 333-^-Sunnylback room, furnished for
housekeeping.' $S: small room, $1 50 week. '
I JOICE, 18, oft north side Pine, between Stock-
ton and Powell— -3-. sunny upper. unfurnished
rooms, $10. ¦ . ¦ . 'i. ' - .< . -r '.~r.'
MARKET, IMS, near. Eighth— 2, eunny . front
connecting rooms; watery range; rent $15; $12.
OAK, 117 — Large . rooms, I complete fbi* . house-
l keepg., ?5 and $7; suite $8; every convenience.
OAK, 125 — 2 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; ¦ $10.
I SILVER. 1C5. near Fourth — 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. .-.•¦ .
TWELFTH.' 10, near Market — 7-room flat newly
furnished; newly papered and painted; rent
' $30; 4 fine beds; all clean; large yard. '
STEINER, 1325, cor. Ellis — 3 Bunny rooms;
modern Improvements; piano, phone, etc.
I VAN NESS ave., 79S-r-4 furnished rooms; bath;
I no- children; references. '.._1', ,j ',' .". V .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ? established - at 10'jti
Valencia st. ' .. ;¦ - ¦-.¦;-.¦ . -.¦
RO QMS ' TO LET — Fnrn. and Unf urn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234TdcA" is ~ te r— New, eleganti
. sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California. .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; '$1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. '
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c. to
$1 CO night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator..
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Sunny rms. ; single, double; mod.' conven'cea,
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath;' phone. ¦ 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1610%— Elegantly furnished rooms, $7
and $9; use of gas, phone, bath, kitchen. .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EI.LIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 60. $6 week; open all night.
FOLSOM, 804 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, with
closet and bath; $1 and $1 25. . * ¦• ¦¦•
FOLSOM, S10 — 5 rooms and bath; new; reno-
vated.. f ; '- ¦
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
LARKIN. 707. near Ellis — Newly furnished
front room: rent only $6;- in small flat.
NATOMA, 217 — Sunny ' neat furnished front
room for one or two. respectable worklngmen.
NATOMA, 2S2, near Fourth — 2 unfurnished
rooms; water ( sink and closets; rent $6.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Eunny . furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day, week, mo.
POLK, 1839—2 sunny rooms, front, furnished
or unfurnished; gas; bath; phone. ' .
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rcorr.s, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; «levator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SIXTH, 11, near Market— Nicely furnished
double parlors; sunny; suitable for offices.
TAYLOR. 23S — Double parlors, nice ' furniture,
clean and sunny; also single room. Call from
9 to 12 a. m. or 2 to 5 p. m. : -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at; . ' ' ' ;
ROOMS AND BOARD. «:
WANTED — By a young, lady with -reference,
lady roommate; suite of rooms in modern
' family hotel; $31 per month. Address A. B.,
639 McAllister st. - ' . .¦ .'
CORBIN, The, 836 Sutter St.. corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suits; all ,sur.ny; table first cla«s. . ' .
SCOTT. 1601. corner Post — Large sunny rooms
with board; table first-class; telephone, bil-
liard table, all the comforts of a home.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE. 626 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
suite or single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
THE HEATH, "312 Eddy st.. Is now under the
management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites: single rooms: first-class table board.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — By man and wife, furnished suite,
sitting-room, s bedroom and bath, with best
board; private family; Western Addition or
other equally desirable part of the city; ref-
erences required and given'.' Box 1783, Call.
WANTED — A home in a private Jewish family
for 2 girls 14 and 6 years for 3 months;
state number In your family. Box 838, Call.
BY a gentleman, board and room; private. Ad-
. dress box 1778. Call office. - -
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — A nice sunny front bedroom and
small bedroom in the Mission district. State
terms and location to J. J.H., 46 Steuart *t.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were. Issued
yesterday: . ¦¦ • • -. >¦
Louis C. Helmuth, 26, 514% Valencia Btreet;
end Catharine Julia, 21, 1165 Mission street.
John E. Elkins, 23. 248 Minna street, and
Carmalita Freeman, 20, 9 Auburn street. ¦; ¦-¦ . •
Vicente Legarda. 27, .1501 Washington street,
and Mary Lockhart, 19, New York- City. •
Ruberto Rachfnntl, 31. 619 Broadway, and
Marlanna -Giuliani, 25, 619 Broadway. - - . ¦
Richard Jurcens, 33, city, and ' Amelia- C.
Carlson, 24, city. ... ¦ --
Benjamin F. Walters Jr., 27, 333 ' Geary
street, and Mabel R. Combs, 21; Santa Rosa.
. Reinhold Frommer, 25, 630 Valencia street,
and Martha Lengwlnat, 18, B44 Bryant street. ;
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS .
Birth, marriage and death ' notices sent ' by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. ;
APPLE— In this city, May 14, 1902, to the
wife of I." Apple, 'a son. ' ; . ¦'¦ . ¦:¦ ¦ -
CHISHOLM— In this city, May 16, 1902, to 'the
• wife of R. G. Chisbolm.a daughter.
FIELD— In this city. May 10,' 1902, to the
wife of J. J. Field, a son. ¦ ,
TROMENT— In this city, May 12, 1902, to the
wife of Mars A. Froment Jr., a son.
HIRSCH— In this city. May 13, 1902 to the
wife of Emil Hirsch, a daughter, •
JURGENS— *n this city, May 12,. 1902, to the
wife of Henry Jurgens,- a son. .. ,..'.:
KINSTLER— In this city, May 2, 1902," to the
wife of M. M. KinRtler. a son. xw "', 10 . -"}*
WEIS— In this city. May 10, 1902, to the wife
of Eugene G. Weis, a daughter. • -
MARRIED. ~~"
BUTLER — SMITH— In this city,' May 15 1902
¦'; by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, ' pastor of St'
Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church. CharleH
F. Butler and Alberta G. Smith. .' -•
T .. "DIED;';' "¦• :¦ '¦;'¦:¦>¦ ¦¦:
Breckon, Thomas W. ' Maloney, Mary E
Clewe, Frederick Marsellis, Carolina:
Fltzpatrick. John J. Meill, Samuel '
. Franklin, Joseph Nielsen, Knud E - -
Giampietri, Pietro Norton, James J * -
Gronmann. Ernest A; Oellrich, Frederick ¦
• Hanson, Minna . ., Pelletler, Paul
Le Blanc, J. B. Perata, Bernard '¦'•"¦•
Leland, Henry C. , Pidgeon, Patrick' G •
Lenz,- Conrad - -¦. Reams, John C ••'•• '
Louehran. Thomas Streets, Pearl G '
: McCarthy, Sara K. • Sullivan, Mary ai
- McCarty. William • Wheeler, Martha *W
; McSherry. Robt. rC - ., = " * ,
BRECKON— In this city. May 16, 1902, Thomas
W. Page Breckon, a native of England, aged
47;yeara4 months and 29 days. ;-':¦¦ .':..—
ETRemains at. Charles J. B. Metzler's par-
lors. 036 Washington street. :¦.¦;?- ;¦: : ¦>-,- -¦ •
CLEWE — In Sonoma, May 15, 1902, Frederick,
beloved husband of Marie Clewe, and father
of William, Frido, Doris. Ernest, ' Helene and
Marie Clewe, ; a native ¦ of Germany, aged 65
-. years. - . ;, . '. v . v ¦ ¦ --. . -. - -.- ..-.--; -.'.-"¦
. .CTFriends : and acquaintances arerespect-
s fully invited to . attend > the cremation at 10
REAL. ESTATE-i-CITY---FOH j SALS.
W. J. GUNN
530 California st (Savings Union Bldg).
Offers the following selected list of choice build-
ing sites, residences and flats and cheap Iot3:
JltlTO — Cheap corner; SE. Webster and Fil-
bert, next st. to Union; 25x100; good location
for store and 3 flats above; $250 first payment;
easy installments; examine this choice lot ' '
$3000— Broderick and Filbert, NW. cor., 3S:2x
75; fine marine view; buildings going up all
around: the other 3 corners Just sold; $400 first
payment and easy terms; any one looking (or
something very desirable to build flat* on and
well located be sure to examine this tine cor-
ner; all the flats just built In the vicinity
are rented and bringing fine rentals.
To contractors and builders — Your attention
is called to the above described 2 corners; you
do not have to pay down much; the lots are j
i choice, cheap and well located and will sell j
the moment flats are built thereon; electric I
car s will pass each one; Union-st. cable cars
pass within a short block. >Get into a neigh-
borhood where property is active and advanc-
ing in value and changing hands fast. :. . I
$2125 — Fine lot; N. side Union, near Scott; I
on the rise of the hill; pretty marine view;
25x110.
$1600— Laguna, near Greenwich; 25x100:3.
$1250— A nice lot and cheap; Greenwich, Just
west from Broderick: 30:2x«4; street bitumin-
ized; ready for building on.
*S00 each; 2 lots on 11th ave., near Clement. |
$2500— Laguna. near Green; 25x137:6.
' NEW COTTAGE RESIDENCE.
$3175-^-Sunny side of Filbert, close to Brod-
erick; fine marine view; 5 rooms and bathroom, |
unfinished basement; built less than a year; lot
25x107:6; street bituminized. stone pavement;
new houses going up; nice location; a pretty
home; easy payments to suit, $050 down; a
few .steps from Union-st. cars.
ANOTHER NICE COTTAGE RESIDENCE.
I $3500 — Pierce, east side, near Filbert; resl-
" dence almost new; 4 rooms and bathroom; lot
| <5: 10x107; large unfinished basement; close to
Union-st. cars: no admission to examine these
2 residences, except by permit from office. ¦ ,
The attention of those looking for a home
is called to both of these properties. They are' |
cheap well located and new and would cost at
least $500 to $700 each more to build now than
a year aeo. '
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
BIDS are wanted for the purchase of the St.
John's Presbyterian Church property, situ-
ated at the southeast corner of California and
Octavia sts. The lot fronts 6S:9 on California
Et. and 137:6 on Octavia. The building cov-
ers nearly the entire lot and contains an or-
gan which cost about $7000. pews, pulpit fur-
niture, carpets, chairs, gas fixtures, mantels.
I two heating plants, etc. Neither the .art
glass windows, table in front of pulpit,
pianos, small organs, tables In Sabbath school
portion, books, bookcases nor music are in-
cluded. The bids may be for the purchase of
the property as a whole or of any portion of
it, real or personal, separately. The right is
reserved to accept any or to reject all the
bids. Bids will be received at the office of
McDougall Brothers, architects, rooms 61-62,
330 Pine St., San Francisco, up to 2 o'clock
p. m. . on Monday. June 23. 1902. For any
further Information apply at the above ad-
dress. . '
"OCEAN VIEW" is booming; finest car service
in the world; every 10 minutes.
You will never secure a suburban home in
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now. Cot-
stages and building lots at a bargain.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
$2400 — LOOK at this; a genuine bargain; cot-
tage. 6 rooms and bath; street bituminized;
1 lot 31x100; sunny side; 26th St.. between Va-
lencia and Guerrero; must be sold. J. F.
PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st. .
BARGAIN — New 5-room house, all modern im-
provements; high finished basement; on car
line; small amount cash, balance like rent.
Owner on premises. Chenery & Fairmount,
BARGAIN — Lovely modern 6-room cottage; fin-
ished basement; sunny side of Haight st.
855 Market St.. room 410; no agents.
AT sacrifice — Beautiful modern 9-robm house;
finished basement; near park panhandle.
Owner, room 410, Parrott building; no agents.
FOR sale^ — House and lot on Cole St.. near
Page. 9 rooms and bath. Inquire WAL. J.
TUSKA,' Safe Deposit building.
POIJfT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS bought and sold, few snaps, or best posi-
tion any tract. A. W. BELL, 417 Parrott bid.
REAL ESTATE— COJDNTRY-— For Siile
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^^
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, aa
Ban Francisco is growing 'rapidly; location
best Tor poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and Information. . - . -
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and email tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR. Realty and Min-
lng Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel.. James 4121.
Eanta Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
Sropertles. ge* WOOBTER. WHITTON . &
[QXTGOMERV, Cat Marlft. S.P.. *>San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber, mines. EMMOXS & SON. Mills bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
»AN RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or lease, or will exchange for San
Francisco property, furnished residence. 700
Fifth ave., Ean Rafael; 0 _ rooms, bath.. 4
sleeping-rooms and .' servant's room; fine
grounds, fruits and flowers; stable, p.
TROY. 410 California St.. San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEPA RRAI. ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE and estate properties for sale.
See the Alameda Land Company.
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever
offered in Alameda; fine home, 8 rooms ami
bath; lot. 62x150; bet. Chestnut and Morton-st.
stations; a snap. ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY, 1500 Park st., Alameda.
$4500— OFFER wanted; bank foreclosure; must
be sold immediately: splendid residence on
San Antonio, near Union: rent $40; lot 42x
irO. EDWARD J. HOOPER. 26 Montgomery.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
EAST front bay-window; porcelain bath and
electric lights; suitable for couple; with
. board. $5 per week. Box 4276, Call office,
Oakland. ¦/
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$500— $200 CASH, bal $5 per month; 3 large
rooms; j?ood well and pump on back porch;
patent closet; all sewered; lot all fenced- 'i
short blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2100 — $250 CASH, bal. $20 per month; 5 beau-
tiful large rooms; lot 50x135; best etreet in
town; grand flower garden; 2 blocks to train*
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1500— 7-ROOM cottage; lot 50x140; on 80-foot
Btreet; half block to cars; street sewered,
graded and macadamized. W. C MORAN
& CO. .
$25C0 — NEW S-room house. Just completed; all
modern improvements; lot 50x140; never such
a bargain offered in Berkeley; ' 1 block to
cars. W. G MORAN & CO., Lorln station
or C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby ctatlon. Berkeley.
IT is very convenient to be able to get hot
water without having to light a fire; it can
only be done with the aid of the "Sunshine
Water Heater."
1 will cell you a well-built 9-room hcuse.
with window shades, combination fixtures';
fine -corner lot: and throw in a "Sunshine
Water Heater." all for $3500.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Sta.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDQCK. 614 Pine!
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. ; '
FOR sale — 6 acres, Rome ave. and High st.
Frultvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary «t.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
8. ACRES, all put to full-bearing fruit; good
. bouse of 5 rooms and cellar; barn; chicken-
houses; fruit house; sulphur houses; 2 springs
piped to house; barn and « yard; good well;
place paid last year 30 per cent on selling
, price of S5000. . -
- 15 acres, all out "fruit and vines; fine 6-
room cottage; high basement; fine large barn;
good well; price $6000.
-12% acres; about 5 acres In fruit; fine new
modern house of. 6 rooms; chicken-houses*
brooder-house; good well; fine location; price
$5200. - . t ¦ , - -
2 acres; some' fruit: house, 4 rooms; cis-
. tern: barn; price $1200.
3V4 acres; ail out to apricots, full bearing;
no other Improvements; price $900. • - j
Apply to P. WILBERT. Hay wards. Cal.' .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.;
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. ,
-o'clock^ Saturday. May 17; at ; Odd Fellows'
. Cemetery, San Franclseo. ;¦ ¦;
FITZPATRICK— In ' this city. May. 15, 1902,
•Jnhn'J.,: beloved father -of. John, Nellie, and
, Alice Fltzpatrick, a native of i London, Eng-:
¦ land, aged 62 years.- - ¦.'•':¦¦¦ ¦.::•.¦»';•'-
' • .EyFriends . raid ; acquaintances are respeot--
fully Invited to attend the .funeral-to-morrow
(Sunday)/ at 12:15 o'clock, from the- parlors,
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7ti7 Mission- street,-
thence to St. Patrick's. Church for service?
"at 12:3G o'clock. Interment Holy-Cross Ceme-
..'.-tery-. ;-.-'¦ -? .¦:¦¦-¦:¦¦ -, ¦.-..-: ¦:'.--'. \ -. :Sk-'-f - -'."
FRANKLIN— In this city,. May 15, : 1002. Jo-,
seph" Franklin, beloved .husband -of- 'Annie
Franklin,' and father of 'Mrs. Max-.Salomoni.
'¦ Mrs. Jules- Aron and Dr. Milton. W> -.and -Dr.
Walter S. ¦ Franklin, ¦ a ; native • of '.Prussia,
aged U3 years 3 months and. 7- days. ,'• V •».-. .
' . - 03Trlends and acquaintances are respect.-,
fully invited to a'iend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 /clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1202 y.Allister street, corner.;. Fill-,
more.--'- - - ¦. ¦ ; - \ ' ;• ¦-' ' • -.- • ; - ¦---.- --..'-..-:.- i
GIAMPIETRI- -In the Oty and County HoBpi-
tal, May" 16, 1902, Pietro Glampletri. a na-
tive of Italy, aued 46 years. •.- ..-¦
GRONMANN— In ¦ this city. May 15, 1902, Er-
nest A. . Gronmann, a natlve,pf Finland, aged
32 years ,8 months and-4 days. ; A member of
Alta Lodge No.. 200, I. O. 1 <>.' F. ¦"¦': •• • -> . .*- : ft
(C?Ffiends'and acquaintances are- Tespect-
! fully invited to attend 'the ¦ funeral today
• (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets.'
• where funeril services will be held under, the
auspices of Alta Lodee No.; "206, I. O. O.. F.-
Remains' at the parlors of the Gantner &
Guntz Undertaklnff Company, 1200 : Mission
street, between Eithth and Ninth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. : .. ;'•:
HANSON— In Vallejo, May 14, 1002, - Minna.
-' teloved wife of Andrew. Hanson, . and mother
of Robert N. Hanson,' a native of'.GrOhen,'
Germany, aged C2 years 10 months and 10
.¦days.' ¦. •-.' - > -••-.'¦¦¦-'.- -:•¦¦.. •-'•..¦¦.¦;¦•.-,•;.¦•- '
C?"Friends and acquaintances are . respect*
fully invited to attend the , funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from Druids'. Hall.-
4i:{ Sutter street,; where services, will -be held
under the I auspices., of the --San - Francisco
Frauen:Verein. ¦ Interment I. O. O. F.-Ceme-
¦ tery. .-¦•,::•.'•-.;-• r ' .<.'.-.'¦ e"' .- -..-;-•;, .-.;;.
LE BLANC— In this clfy, May. 14, 1002, J.'B.;
¦ Le Blanc; a native of Canada, 'aged 6U years.:
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ;the • funeral -to-day
(Saturday), from the Chapel of the Pa&slon,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, 1 where a' sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the'
repose of his . soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment- Holy Cross -Cemetery.
Remains at :the parlors of.. McAvoy. & Co.,'
1239 • Market street, between EUhth and
¦ Ninth.- '¦,•"•- - '' ¦¦ -i ¦ ; .--- ¦
LELAND— In this city. May 15," 1902, Henry
Chapin, beloved husband' of . Alicia Lelan'd',
and father of W. H. and C. C. Leland and
Mrs. S. J. SwartBel, a, native of New Hamp-
shire, aged 69 years 9 months and 5 days.
(ETTuneral and interment private at San
Jose,' Cal. ' ; . . ',.., -. -
LENZ— In Oakland, 'May 16, 1902, Conrad, be-
l loved son of the late William Lenz and Mrs;
Wilhelmina'Rothmann, and brother of Louis
, Lenz, a . native of San Francisco, aged ' 28
years 6 months and 4 days. - .- • ¦¦ ~. "
LOUGHRAN— In this city.r May; 14, .1902,'
Thomas, beloved husband . of Lizzie Lough-
ran, and father of LUlle, Harry, Thomas, •
Eva, i Ella and Willie Loughran and Mrs.
Stephen Fay. a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, aired 01 years and 28 days. ,.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at- 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 919 Bryant street, thence to 8 1.
. Joseph's Church, where -a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. -> •
MCCARTHY (nee SULLIVAN)— In this city,
May 16. 1902, Sara Ellen, beloved wife of
Eugene I. McCarthy, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. William Sullivan, and dearly beloved
-sister of Frances and William Sullivan and
Mrs. J. J. McEntee, a native of -Redwood
City,- Cal., aged. 26 years 11 months and 12
days. -' ¦ * '•' <¦¦ ¦¦¦.¦¦ \ ¦-..,-
C7* Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, . Mrs. J. J. McEntee, 41100
Eighteenth street, thence to St. Joseph's
¦'.Church, Tenth street, for services, commenc-
' ing at I 4 . o'clock. • Interment Holy- Cross
Cemetery. -
McCARTY— In this city, ' May 14, 1902, Wil-
liam, beloved i husband * of Mary McCarty,
, and father of William Jr.. Joseph W., Eu-
gene G. and Jennie McCarty and Mrs. Annie
J. Graham, a . native of County Down, Ire-
land, aeed 6fl years. -- . ',
(CPThe funeral will ' take place ¦ to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor. & Co., 767 Mission atreet,
thence to. St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
, qulem high mass will be' celebrated for; the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
, Holy, Cross Cemetery. : '.' . -:. ". . ¦ ...
McSHERRY— In . Hot Sprinss, iArk.'; May 10,
1902, Robert C. beloved son of Mary A. and
.the ,lnte John . McSherry, and',. brother of
Philip. Patrick, John, James. Cecelia, Katie
and the late Hugh McSherry, Mrs. Zabala
and Mrs. '¦ Dilllon, a native of County Monag-
han, Ireland, aged 26 years and S months. -
(ETNotice of funeral to-morrow (Sunday).
MALONEY— In this city, -May. 16, 1902, Mary
Elizabeth, ' beloved wife of the late James
J. Maloney, , aged 70 years and-4 days. .
ICThe funeral .-will '- take place' Monday,
- - May 18. from- her Hate residence.-. 43B
Fillmore street, thence to ' Sacred ¦ Heart
' Church, where a requiem. high mass will be
celebrated at 9:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery. , . . •
MARSELLIS — In West Berkeley, May 16, 1902,
Carolina W., beloved wife of Hanlan C.'-Mar-
eellis, and mother of Lyle and Charles Mar-
Bellis, a native of Contra Costa County, Cal.,
affed 26 years. .-. •¦• • . • .' *••>.';! t;
MEILL-^-In this city," May 16, 1002, ' Samuel,
beloved son of the late William and Sarah
Meill, and . brother of -Mrs. Peter -Daley, a
native of San.Francisco, aged 34 years. • ,/¦'-
• icy Notice of funeral, hereafter. - '• ;
NIELSEN — In Oakland, May 14, 1902, Knud
Emanuel Nielsen, beloved son of Hans and
Margaret Nielsen, and brother of Mrs.- Marie
¦ Voer , of Denmark and N. P.- Nielsen of Oak-
', land, a native of Denmark, aged 33 years 7
months and 15 days. A member of Den-
i, mark No. 2 of Dania California,
(H7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the .funeral services
Sunday, May 18, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his brother, 12S Ettie street.
North Oakland. ; Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. ' .- , ».\: . -
NORTON— In this city, May 16, 1902, James
J., beloved husband of Sarah - Norton, and
loving father of Mamie, Sarah, Gertrude,
Joseph . and. .William Norton, a native of
County -Galway, Ireland, aged i 60 years. ' '.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited, to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -2702 Twentieth street, corner Hamp-
shire, thence to St. Charles. Borromeo's
Church for services at 2 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . •:; , •; .- • . -¦
OELLRICH^-In this city. May 15, 1902, at his
residence, 17 Beldeman street, Frederick J.
Oellrlch, dearly beloved eon of William and
Catherine Oellrich, and brother of William,
Alylna, Eda and Otto Oellrich,- a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years- 7 months and
' 23 days. ¦ -, . •' ¦-. .. ¦
•" . E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to; attend: the' funeral to-day-
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason f street, where the services
will be held;. under the auspices of El Dorado
Parlor No. 52, N. S. G. W. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. .
OFFICERS and members of El Dorado Par-
lor No. 52, N. S: : G .W.:_ You are hereby no-
• tified to assemble at N. 8. G. W, Hall, 414
Mason street, to-day, at 1:45- o'clock, .to at-
tend the funeral of oar late '.brother, Fred
J. Oellrich. ¦ Fines for ¦ non-attendance, - By
order of GEORGE L. SUHR. President..-.
E. P.' EGAN. Recording Secretary. j
PELLETIER— In the City and County Hospi^
. tal, May 16, 1902, Paul Pelletler, a native of
France, aged 47. years. ;
PERATA— In this city. May 16. 1902, Bernard,
beloved husband of ¦ Clara Louisa Perata.
' and father of August, Emelio,' ( Enrico, Paul;
Estelle and Virginia Perata, .Mrs. . George
McCracken,', Mrs. Charles' Conserva, Mrs.
John Whiting and Mrs.\ David Whiting a
native ' of • AlDlcella, Genoa, Italy, aged 67
•i years 2 months and 6 days. ...
PIDGEON— In | this city, : May.' 15, 1902,' - Pat-
• rick • G., . beloved husband ' of Marie Pidgeon,
• and father of -William, Joseph, -Edward, Ar-
thur ' and Eatella Pidgeon and Mrs. Mary
Hogan and Mrs. Charles L. Taylor, '-a 1 native
' of County, Westmeath, , Ireland, aged 64 years
2 months and 3. days. ;;.'":. ;-.-•' ;-¦-.; ¦
tC7"Friends : are reapectfully invited ; to At-
tend ' the f uheral to-day (Saturday), at 8-30
o'clock, .from hU late . residence, 1011A Shot-
well street, , thence to ' St. . Peter's Church-
where a reaulem high mass ,wiir be cele-
' brated for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock.
• Interment Holy. Cross- Cemetery, by 10*40
o'clock train from Twenty r flfth and Valencia
1 streets.^ .-- ', j : ¦ - '<.- .:,*¦¦ ;,;/.,•¦- T .v
REAMS— In Alameda, May 16, 1902, John C,
-.beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. -John 'Reams
•and brother of Walter. Frank, Martha and
Grace Reams, a native of -Washington,' aged
, , 23 years 6 months and 24 _ days. , - • ,- -, . • •
STREETS— In this city.' May 16, 1902, Pearl
,G., beloved wife of R. R. Streets/ a native of
• Los Angeles, : aged 29 years 11 -months and 5
.days.. ... .¦¦ .,-" ..,:....;,.:.'.,r,;...---.--
.-,-. %y Interment. at Los Angeles., ..¦..'.•_'. . ;
SULLIVAN— In' this \ city,- May 15;'. 1002," : Mary
• Marcina,' beloved daughter of Thomas J. anb*
Katie j Sullivah, and ; dearly beloved : •later, of
HENRY J.CALLACHERCa
(Successor to Flannagan<& Gallagher.) "¦ -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, . Mgr. ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
» 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School "
• --• Telephono South j B0. -,;. .... ; • \~
Mt .:• Olivet Cemetery,
¦¦:¦-; .'I- -NEAREST THE: CITT. "; •-"-•:'¦. '
Office, 916 Market Street.
;''7i'--. . -Telephone Bush 367.' : '• - <:
NEW Fl RM OF UND ERT AKERS. !
¦ Eamuel McFadden. 18 year* manager for
-. the United Undertakers' Association; ; M. J.
McBrearty,' with the same company for 10
: years ; ' P. -, F. Green, lat* with J. C. ( O'Con-'
• nor; & Co.'.i hav* opened' new- Funeral • Par-
ldri»at- 1171- Mission >; at.,- between Seventh
I and 'Eighth, v ; Telephone South H -44."' ! »t ;< -•-:-. .'
James 'M., Kittle and Lillian Sullivan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, taxed lti years..
; ¦» " ICFrlfinds . and acquaintances are respect-
•f ully invited <: to '• attend the, funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the'resi-
! dence of - the j parents, 353 Harriet street,
j thence ' to St. ' Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem hich mass will be celebrated f or ' the
repose of her soul ¦ at :9; o'clock. .Interment
- Holyv Cross Cemetery. ¦•• - ¦• -"--::
WHEELER— In -this" city. May.-15; 1902, Mar-
tha; Whilemina ; Emma, : beloved wife of M.
,L. ' Wheeler, • and mother ' of Lester , Wheeler, :
a native of San Francisco,' a*ed .41' years. -
'"¦ ' C7Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
X' fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
.at.' 2 o'clock, from- her late residence, 685
•Harrison street. ¦ Interment Mount • Olivet
. Cemetery. • ." - ' V • . ' . • '. .- .
OFFICERS' and members of' Minerva -Parlor
No: 2, N. -D. G^ W. : You are hereby noti-
i fled- to attend the- funeral services- of out-
late sister, Mrs. Emma Wheeler, at her late
residence, \CS5 . : Harrison street, at 1:30
o'clock. By order : ' •¦¦-..-..¦¦•'. ¦
; MRS. - L. ¦ SHADE. -President. .
..v ANNIE L. DONALDSON. Sec. Dro tem. -
Florisf {%>;
V: ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
¦¦>' ¦,'-¦¦¦¦ ¦•¦;. Prices Reasonable. V -^
107 POWELL ST«HrAAELUS^f 5056CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY OFFICERS
ARE INSTALLED BY GRAND COMMANDER
Impressive Ceremony Is- Witnessed in the Ha^
'•;, of tfie Knigtits Templar of the State of Galifom
in the Masonic in ./Celebration^ of the Notable Event
14
; Will Settle South Park '
Litigation.
E. Savage, attorney for Daniel
Wallace and others as heirs of George
Gordon, notified the Board of Supervisors
yesterday that his clients are prepared to
settle the litigation in which the city and
county Is defendant affecting the title to
South Park. Savage says this will be
done on fair terms and steps will be
taken to forever vest the title to the prop
erty in the city as a public park, or for
municipal use. Savage saya his clients
are possessed of a clear record title to
South Park as successors to the original
owners and the city is now occupying- it
at a liability of some $3000 or $4000 - per
Something' New
la always ; happening in" a . poker, game
two .deuces take; the , pot,', etc/, J etc.". We
have • all < the . latest ,- novelties in Splaying
cards," poker, chips," counters; dice and the
cheapest line : of pretty .tally cards and
prizes 1 in; the city. - Sanborn', .V-all &' Co
741 Market street. , •
¦\VictOTia Leonard ; Is , suing' the Palm
Concert Company for an accounting. She
alleges ithat- Samuel * Loverich : and A.
Browne, directors of the company, have
conspired against C. H.H111, her represen
tative, on the board- of directors, for the
purpose of freezing him out of the busi
ness; : ¦•'</.; • , •;.-.--
Sues Palm Concert Company.
• .The. Iroauois Club, niet last night at
i Pythian Castle.;, A- talk on- the :. life of
.Monroe" was ¦ by- Charles M.-
Stokes. A resolution was adopted calling
the. attention of | the | Democratic Supervis
ors i to their promise to work for the pub
lic ownership of water works in this city.
'The ' club,- now composed of 800 members,
¦ will ' move - soon ¦ to - its : new "headquarters
at 2& Ellis street." .. ¦ ¦ : ... ¦.
Iroquois Club Meets.
Wynn made' an attempt to reach. .the I
•cat of the wagon, but was unable to do !
so. He seized hold of the reins,', however ¦'
and : being, unable, to control the horses
was dragged : under the wheels.- One of
the wheels passed over his. head," render
ing him unconscious and* probably -frac
turing; the base of . his skull. The unfor
tunate man was removed at -once to .the
General Emergency Hospital, ¦,. where' he
was attended by Dr. Armistead. -When
he arrived at the hospital ho was? still un
conscious and was unable to recognize his
brot her. The doctor . fears that he ¦ has
sustained internal injuries.'. .- i- - ;- ..* ¦•-.¦••
The new Park ; Emergency Hospital was
opened yesterday. for? the first-. time; -^It
has been constructed at 7 a: costs of $9000-
Chief Surgeon Edwin Bunnell : and :> Chlef
Steward C. C. Bucher of the Health ;De
l partment are in charge.. , , -.:•<-¦¦ :, :. ' ;•
James •Wynn;'; brother '. of • Supervisor
William Wynn, received injuries that'may
prove fatal In a runaway yesterday morn
ing. With a new. ambulance;' to- which^was
attached: a pair of , spirited ' young .colts,"
Wynn ; drove to the Park .Emergency 'Hos
pital with a load of merchandise. He 'had
just reached the hospital' and .had dis
mounted from his seat; when f the; horses
took fright at a piece of paper and started
to run away. - • * ', . *.-:
Wheel v of the Park ¦ ; 'Ambulance^ " : of
• Which He Was IXriyer,^Passes V^
7: Over His'tHead. ...:.; - : v
The next lecture In the series now. be
ing held at the Mechanics' Institute will
be delivered to-night by Andrew C.
L&wson. professor of geology and min
eralogy In the University of California.
The Bubject of the lecture will be "The
Caucasus and the Oil Fields of Baku."
The lecture will be Illustrated by»«ter.
eoptlcon views. -.., _.>
Lecture at Mechanics' Institute.
A romantic . elopement was nipped v in
the bud yesterday- morning by the arrest
of the • couple " on ;; the arrival of the
steamer Columbia from Stockton by rJe
tective, Bailey,' • and Policeman . Rlchter,
who 'had 'been detailed -on the case. The
girl was Ruby.' Holden Mills, 15 years of
age, and the young man in the case was
Tnomas-H. O'Brien, a beer-bottler, 20
years of ¦ age. *.,:'.'.•;.". ¦ , ¦
• Captain • Seymour received a dispatch
from v Marshal, ,0. K. Vogei of Antioch
asking him to ''arrest the couple and hold
the girl on a charge .- of ,. vagrancy and
O'Brien on a' more serious; charge. After
they were arrested they were .taken "to
the City .Prison. The girl's father, E. F.
Mills, I and ' Constable Sweeney of | Antioch.
arrived . soon, after - the arrest and the
y oung, couple c were handed. over to thelt
care. ¦•¦;• ' -. ¦ ,¦'• ¦'.':' ¦ ¦.'.¦¦-¦¦ ¦
Miss Mills was dressed in .white .ready
for,the marriage ceremony, and was very
indignant when placed under arrest. She
said - that when ¦ she ; left her home - she
made every, preparation for a happy hon.
eymoon. v . -. ¦ . "¦*
-Young Man Is Twenty, Years of Ago
and the Girl Only
Fifteen.
liliOPHTG COUPLE FBOM .-.•
ANTIOCH ABBESTIpD
mandery was *the reception; it .tendered In
the Mechanics'i Pavilion to the late Presi
;dent^McKinley.on the'occasionof his visft
i to ".this vclty Tshprtly '.before ' his assasslna
'tion.' .-¦•;: ••- •*;: :. .r. - : . .
was finally exceeded by. Los Angeles Com
mandery.-'The roll of members has',on'U
many/names. 1 of ; men. who liave been 'most
prominent Inithe history of theState. r One
of .the i-rqeent brilliant works -of; this com-
having substituted an old Chinaman for
Ma Foo, who had been denied a landing,
end which substitution enabled Ma Foo
to sain a landing illegally. The motion
for a new trial was denied, and Judge de
Haven sentenced Duffy to sixty days'
Imprisonment in the Alameda County
JalL The substituted Chinaman, who also
save the name of Ma Foo, is serving a
sentence of six months* Imprisonment.
Had It not been for the fact that Deputy
United States Marshal George H. Burn
ham was in a photograph gallery on
Kearny street and saw the genuine Ma
Foo there with Duffy the substitution
never have been discovered and
the false Ma Foo would have been I sent
back . to China at the expense" of the
steamship company which brought- the
genuine Ma Foo hither. ,
Attorney Schlesmger made a motion In
the United States District Court yesterday
morning for a new trial in the case of
Expressman John Duffy, convicted of
isoner Changes a Decrepit China
man for Youthful Ma Foo, Who
Ijanfls Illegally.
SIXTY DAYS' SENTENCE
FOB, EXPB^SSMAN DUFFY
"PEACE" TO BE THEME
OF MAKY'CLEEGYMEN
Pastors to Speak in Honor of
Local Council of "Women Invites
Famous Treaty.
The members of -the local . Council of
Women have started a movement to in
duce all the pastors s of the different
churches of San Francisco to preach to
morrow on "Peace and Arbitration,"
Many of the clergymen have already re
sponded to the request of the ladies, and
it Is expected many, more will do so. V
To-morrow will be : the | anniversary of
the famous peace treaty called by the
Czar of Russia at The . Hague,' and ser
mons on peace will be delivered from the
different pulpits throughout-; the world.
The ladles of the ; local ¦ club are most
earnest in their desire to have the occa
sion fittingly celebrated in this city and
are sparing no efforts to have the local
pastors follow in the good vrork.
There will be a meeting of ; the local
Council of Women at Century ClUb Hall
on Friday, May 30. It will be a big event
in local women's club circles, and all
ladies interested are cordially Invited to
attend. Mrs. Nathan, president' of the
National Council of Women, will "address
the meeting, and a special musical pro
gramme will be rendered.
Bishop Breyfogel to Preach, Here.
Bishop S. C. Breyfogel, cousin of -Dr. E.
Breyfogel of this city, will preach Sun
day morning In the German language In
Salem Church, at the corner of Twenty
second and Shotwell streets, and in- the
evening in . English in Ernanuel Church,
at the corner of Twelfth and 1 Stevenson
streets. ; •
THE ELECTED OFFICERS : OF -CALIFORNIA •".COMMANDERY OF ; THE
J KNIGHTS .TEMPlARvWHO i WE RE INST ALrLED * INTO .OFFICE LAST
i NIGHT IN MASONIC TEMPLE BEFORE ; MANY ' SIR KNIGHTS.
BBOTHER OF,, STTPEByisbia'-i > 'H
WYNN SEVERELY f INOrrmEi)
During 1 the time devoted to toasts Henry
E. Highton, on behalf of the commandery
presented to Junior^ Past Commander
Carroll Cook a valuable and beautiful em
blem or his rank in the order. During the
supper and between responses an orches
tra rendered appropriate airs. • • ; :
California Commandery Is the successor'
of the first organization of Knights Tem
plar In San Francisco.: In November. . 1852
a u? um t* er of Knl f hts Templar; residing iii
this city received a dispensation' to hold
an encampment of. Knights Templar un
der the name of San Francisco Encamp
%??* ¥°; ** ™ s K y as continued-untll the
10th of August. 1857, when a Grand Com
mandery of the order for the State of Cal
ifornia was formed by California ' Com
mandery No. 1. Sacramento • Cpmmandery
No. 2 and Pacific. Commandeyl No 3 and
on the following day San Francisco En
campment No. 1 1.. which ¦ in . September,
1856, had changed Its name to San ; Fran
cisco Commandery No. j 1/ again: changeQ
its name, this;.' time ; to .California Com
mandery No. 1. For many, years, this, the
pioneer commandery, was the largest; on
the Pacific Coast, but death' having, made
great inroads in its ranks Jtir membership
.I„H„ I M I •^ I ¦ I „ :ll^IMlllI ¦f l , Il: - I •^ I^|•j;;^,,^..^;^¦:
Right Eminent Grand Commander ' Pierce;
Grand Warder Field, Judge- Carroll' Cook the
retiring commander; Henry'E. . Highton r Colo
nel George H. Pippy, Judge. James ;M. Troutt,
Thomas H. Browne, - Charles M. - Plum i Dr
Otto F. Westphal. B..N. Rowley. and Rev.' W*'
E. Smith. - . . - - .- ¦.' ¦ . -¦: . .v: *••,'. ,¦
Gustav H.' Umbsen, commander; \ Thomas, H. ;
Brown, generalleslmo;' Charles- M. ; Plum, cap
tain general; Bralnard N. Rowley, senior war
den; Otto F. .Westphal, Junior . warden ;: James
M. Troutt, prelate;. Thomas, Morton, treasurer;
Hiram T. Graves,, 'recorder;- J., G. Liebold^
standard-bearer; Frank H. Gould, swordbearer;
Ralph L. Hathorne, warder; Alfred A. Batkln,
organist; George W. Perkins, sentinel; Samuel
A, Clarke. Max Claussenlus and'W. W.Stocker,
guards, j ......... . . ¦-.,.. .._^ . u ,^
The ceremonies were conducted* in the
presence of about 200 sir knights,- many of
whom wore the rich silver, embroidered
uniform of the- Knights Templar.' ¦;•'.
At the close of the installation all pres-,
ent marched to J the -banquet vhall, where
supper was served. The new commander,
G. H. Umbsen. was " introduced ' as \ toast
master. He called Upon the following
named to respond to toasts: •.' -t- >~
recently elected and appointed
I officers of California Commandery
I No. 1, Knights Templar, were ln-
U. - stalled last night in the Masonic .
Temple by Right Eminent i Grand '
Commander William , Frank Pierce, assist
ed by Charles Lord Field, grand warden.'.
The installation was conducted -with all
the solemnity . and .'impresslveness jj for
which this branch of the Masonic frater
nity Is noted. The officers. who were obli
gated, charged and Inducted into office for
the current term are: .'
ENTEBTAINMENT GIVEN
%+fyi BY SCHOOL OF DESIGN
After the formal exercises were ended
the floor of the gallery . was cleared for
dancing, -which was enjoyed by the stu
dents and their- friends. ' - - . •--* -
• The exhibition .will be open to. the pub
lic free of charge for. five days. \ ¦ ¦'¦¦.<_
George David Dannenberg, Harold M. Slckal,
Thomas A. MeGlynn, Ida Brown, -Victoria Ely
Stewart, Ada Davis, Nellie Church Beale and
"Winifred Stateler.
The twenty-eighth /annual, commence
ment exercises of the School of : Design
were held at the Mark Hopkln3 Institute
of Art last evening. The walls of the
Mary Francis Searles Gallery were cov
ered with drawings from life in the an
tique, portraiture and sketch classes. The
whole display Is of unusually high order.
The showing of the modeling class Is par
ticularly striking, as . many, as sixteen ad
mirable "pieces ln*clay -" and plaster being
exhibited. » ; .
i "Willis . E. : Pavis opened the ceremonies
with congratulatory remarks and the
curator of the institute, Captain Robert
H. Fletcher, made a statement showing a
most' prosperous; year. Arthur. F. Math
ews delivered an address dealing with the
year's Instruction, the advance ¦ made
t»y the pupils and. an Interesting disquisi
tion on art in connection with the school.
. The following students received, honor
able mention: /
Life class and portraits: Painting and draw
ing—A: F. AlathewB, - professor. .Painting—
George David Dannenberg-. Drawing— Ailen
Plckerlnt Rlxford. Geonte David Dannenberg.
Eleanor W. Plaw, Harold Mark Slckal Per
hamW.Nahl and EdmundE. Russ. Sculpture
—Robert I. Altken. professor; Winifred Stateler
and Victoria Ely Stewart. Antique drawing-
John A. Stanton. professor; Georgia G. Graves,
Esther A. Hunt, and Mary G. Jenney. Per
spective and sketch class— Aaron Altman, as
sistant professor. Perspective—^ ictoria Ely
Stewart. Sketch class— Louis J. Rogers. Anat
omy—Dr. Harry E. Alderson. demonstrator;
Gertrude Gorter, Ada Hutton. Lena Haas. Vic
toria-Ely Stewart. Haidee Tobriner and Elsie
Noonan. Perspective— Victoria Stewart, Gerr
trude Gorter and Ada Hutton. Night school—
C. Chapel Judson, assistant professor. For
life class drawing— Harry B. Blatchly and
Chester Beach. Antique drawing— M. Le Page
Rollins. Saturday class — Mrs.* Alice B. Cnit
tenden, assistant professor; Carmen Artal.
The following received the Art Associa
tion's scholarships: •
Pupils and Friends Congregate at
Hark Hopkins Institute, Where
Honors Are Bestowed.,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. • SaTUKDAY/ MMf f 17^ 1902.
yMarketStree^ /W]*^®*^
, Opposite Golden J W/ Jsf^ <S^gggg? j Opposite Golden j
X Gate Avenue. 1 /=<—^;00no COOD^^ Gate Avenue.
More About Ribbons.
-'Underpriced, but as pretty and popular as they can be. The Hale store
is printing some lively ribbon news these days. First it was a »- incl1 Sa "»
Ribbon at 15c; then a Fancy Corded Silk Taffeta ( 4 -mch) 14c; next a
Four-Toned Satin-Face Bibbon at 20c (all of which are still here).
And how: . V fe£}
1A Cents a Yard— /- , . . A
Taffeta striped washribbons, In solid colors and of course^ only srood shades;
; dood quality taffeta; bright; beautiful; pinks, blues, cardinal and so on. Splen-
_ weight; ties up nicely _ /, :
28 Cents a Yard— .r . A . A
. 5V4 Inches wide, taffeta chiffon ribbon for neckwear; every _good .. 8h a d e; soft
and delicate; crushes almost to nothing In the hand, and yet at the same time
has a freshness and life you all like. - ; •
I2o6 pairs Children'^ Hose
At 12J Cents.
-; 'Stockings you usually pay 15c for, fast black and seamless, with narrow
•rib, 'good heavyweight, elastic, extra double knees, made from a hard
twisted yarn,. sizes 6 to 10. ' ¦ •> ¦ "• ¦ : ' ; f'>':,- •
Infants' 15c.Wool Hose at Oc— Ribbed, fast black, seamless wool hose,
- soft and elastic^ gray merino heels and toes; sizes 4. 4/4 and 5-
Women's • Hose lOc Pair— Seamless, fast black cotton hose, full length-
good weight and elastic, sizes 8*4 to 10. 10c pair or $1.10 a dozen.
Women's Hose 15c Pair— Seamless fast black cotton hose, fine Maco cot-
- ton— extra long, wide and elastic, double soles, heels and toes. Special
value, sizes 8}4 to 10. Per pair 15c or $1.65 a dozen.
Silk and Lisle Gloves.
Women's and children's. i\ Lv-
Fabric gloves are more popular this summer than ever — prettier, too.
See what a collection we tiave- . . :
Lisle, two-clasp; black, mode," tan, gray or .white; for women and children; finely
• finished with silk embroidery. -
5Oc— Milanese lisle gloves, with Point de Paris embroidery; one-clasp, silk em-
broidered; mode,' gray, white and black. - . „• . - •
81.00— Elbow length silk lace mitts; black.
Perhaps of them all
The Amsterdam Double-Tipped Silk Gloves
Are most sought after. Every pair Is stamped in the hem. It's a glove to buy If
you don'twant the finger ends to wear out. • ; -V; \' ¦ " ¦ . *
Women's Fine Suits
Near Half Price.
$1 8.75-r-Etamines and basket cloths with taffeta silk drop
skirts. Look at their lines! their tailoring! their clever 't
trimming! Suits we sold a few weeks ago for' $27.50. The
maker wanted to get to work on fall suits, so he sent us what
he had on hand to close out a bargain.,
• Other etamine suits in tnis lo.t marked $22.50 in the popular
Gibson style, trimmed with satin bands. x The jacket has a
stylish moire vest. : ¦
K^>Sf« vSs££q t&zfi'&zij u^y^ri pgyciwi
Made of Pure Grape Cream of Tartar.
IOTAL BAKINO POWDM CO., 100 WILLIAM «T.j NEW VOWU y*":'.
8c^To-&a5r k 'i7:V'> : ';¦'/^^:rT ;:;;: '^¦ : ' l^ ;^•rl feS 1^!" 1^'
for -dainty 20c white '^'''\'j^Si''-'"'-' I T r . I S!' TTl*! 7^ f the^new^Chmons,
embroidered -:\ i\~ , A WiJ} ;*¦ - JLL' • Ai3 : • JL X " V V^i ' 40c and 50c quaJity,
¦ /-»«ti»»'il'»r' ' 'i." r ' *'v ' : ¦'-¦.• ¦>¦-¦¦ '- "; ¦""',- - "• • '. ¦ .' • on sale to*day at
Collar Tops., t., ; , •. ¦. — ¦•.; -: V i .•¦, •..¦..•¦¦-¦,-.¦,¦-¦ -S5c per 'yard, v
pvr ?(Soo4s Arc SptD Just as AD VESTISED
1 1 : ~. I! not; SATBFACTORY; cheeriujiy
J HERE'S OUR; SAJURDAYSLISt OF GOOD VALUES:
*"'-¦,- SHERT ; •-;- ; ; : ;'/ ¦'CORSETS;^ -.' '.'
y<Pt/-» is the prices to-day <f or vWqMEN*S: ;,;.:,. ;" tohay onit '¦¦ 7 :
.4OC .75c STRIPED ZEPHTRor.CHAM- • __" :<¦?, . TOrD^ Y °^ Y '.- • ; <-i <.•
'BRAE SHIRT WAISTS;, all- slzea. •¦'".'. t : .* ,» 86c .-.for. regular B0c ; Corsets;, all
f\Cts* for WOMEN'S SHIRT ."WAISTS; ; all sizes. ¦ ¦¦ - , .¦..;•*¦ .• s
57 Ov, made; of fancy striped \ or:- solid" ; :48c;for- regular. 7Bc Corsets; -all' styles ; ;
'<C1 O^Ts- the -special'"" .mark'- onV :.\--fl.OO... for /. re'grular ,'$1.25 ' Corsets; "all
l.^O. WOMEN'S.. $2.00/ MERCER-tstyles-. all. sizes., ... ,' -^ 0 '„ '¦¦'-. ,,
"VIZED^ CHAMBRAE -SHIRT,, WAISTS, r ; ; -91.oO^ for regular .$2.00. Corsets; all
•• front ;and back ;' .tucked 1 -' tod' ; prettily; |i atyles^all sizes.-; -.. •. "; — .'; • , ' :
-.' L trimmed with rows, of fine Valenciennes, .. . •• ¦ «2.OO i f ot •. regular.- $2.50 ,-. Coreets; all
•"'•¦ 5, : •.•'-•• •[. styles;, all sizes; -,;¦-.; ; --.r;-
"QPJ/> for- WOMEN'S /$1.«--, SHIRT. ' , i : ,'. v-V.' :,Hn^IFPV -¦ - '
- «JOV^. WAISTS, ''fronts are made, of *all--= : -iT'.'r >.-"-- -..'iHlJltRli ¦..¦.' -
.v,tucks; 1 alU8lzes.-.'":-. -.;;¦•¦,'"••¦. .*: ' '¦¦ \ ,' :| A/,-., to-day', for' CHILDREN'S 1 FINE .'
OUTING SKIRTS. v .IVFw. black ribbed hose, -double
...v.,., VVUinOI aiUyilllU^J^mv^.,-. ,, : - knee; heel and toe;, they're a 20c quality;,
'•CkQr' '«»«• BLACK : AND WHITE POLKA'. ;-.v S ites 5%;t6 0.-' - ¦¦¦-' - V
¦;t/OC.iDOT DUCK OVERSKIRTS,'-: made. .- " 1 >x " "T 2^ "i V ¦ ., . . - t ,
V ¦ with, flounce, and •. trimmed • with; %rinch;, lOftr* ta;^ i o l^S}^ S „ F ? NK
¦•• -wide ; bands Tbf- solid -black-^duck;- they're-' BLACK LACE AHOSE; ; all: sizes;
•¦' worth *l.B0. '¦¦>.••--!-: •.>..:%.- ;-¦"¦'.••, f they, always sell : for 35c. ~ J# .--.-¦
?'<C1 ; P5A" for 'WHITE'! PIQUE-,- OVER-; ,-;¦-< ' •otAm=m»C- HMnF»V?J«T« •
, tp.IeOU ..SKIRTS,' .made with 'stylish ';. ; WuMEM S-. UNDER V£5TS. v ' ¦
!.¦• flare ¦ fiounce ;• perfect, fitting ;j well: worth ',Knit : Undervests, ;sleeveleVs,^ in "pink, ; '
¦ ; i$2.26. . •. • ; tu ' /¦"¦'-'¦r.- '¦' :i ' *= V;^V'"-xir'^C*''' > : blue'or. white,, to-day;. 1 . . .; . .". : : .-.: . .10c -
-;KAp for 'good;- GRASS ¦-LINEN. OVER-; -..Balbrlggan",. Undervests,' ' long , sleeves, , •
H«M.V| SKIRTS.*: ; made with; -flounce andi £ to-day *.:.'. iVi r.K.\ .-.V. .-. . . .: .. V.V. . .19C "
¦ ..trimmed j.wlth J : bands of .. white ; piaue. ;• , if ,¦ Flne . L l8 j e - Underveks, ¦• long • sleeves; '¦
¦ '¦':'¦ '.. "' An Exccntional O^Icr .in ':-¦ •* ¦(• i~ "to-day ....;. v:v; ! :.~.-.. ..::.. ¦....".. ..24c
' ' :: « W Z^5 P w*k« '•' ' * Silk. Undervests,, worth ?1.00,-: to-day. .5Oc .-
DRESS rSKIRTS.%'i - •: \ Wool Undervests,, regular $1.50 quality, s S,
*'q*EL ; -£\'f% for.a;regular^$7VBO^quallty^ 11 "". 1 .-"-"" 1050 ."
; €J> O • VI %J FINE. -BLACK -• BASKET,, .. ' :-•'• •' DIRPftN^""' • * • C '•
.; -CLOTH DRESS 'SKIRT, made with new i :"«_•>?:•.:•. v. : .. : ;'f IDnurll3# . . ¦ '- • . . .
. Z :, flare ¦ effect *nd trimmed ',with , 3 ; rows , of i : : ; , ' >\ *«" T} - « ' _ ". jL™ " Inn V«;.
..: appliqued satin, bands one inchwlde.V V ; ; ; .: r : ••WC.lICY0Vr.BOWS ,10r YOU.
¦ ";*', ".- '¦"/• ¦-¦ NECK DUFFS:/ '<::': :'-'i ; ; ;; ,\| riVVy a'yard'W 15c FANCY or LIBER- ¦
' 'The moetVp^pular; novelty of ithe.seaaonjv ; | JjC J^V;: SILK ; RIBBON.; in^ all, ,the
• elegant^^^deslgns;' exquisite creations in 1 Lib-' . ¦ "? w , Bna ?? 8 ; .'..••¦ .-, -' "
'. erty,Sllk.or Chiffon.- • • •. • -"-¦ ¦-¦ • .'--^ .| O^-'^a'yard for .LIBERTY or- NEW
i To-day 81J25 to ' S3 .OO;. 1-3- less, than l » vV.':'LOUISINE-i SILK .RIBBON; 5
¦regular prices."" -i ¦,¦ ' • v ' j . inches^ wide ;_; sold 'every where at 35c. ;-,-.' ;
FANCY- ELASTIC ¦^' - '• ' ' ' isMlfc W&i V&M kJffl ' - TUCKEd' GRASS
OR SATIN QIR- iRJ AJ&« ia'K.^iar MBr ¦ - LINEN and POINT
; DUE.: BELTS.- On ,. - « , > . ¦*:^«^. •>¦>-¦.- , >..,.-i!T^" *.~?...-,-'~ . . .¦ ' VENICE '; C O L -
sale .at' 45c/; O5c, , '4 0V0 '4 o'i" A-'i'tur A nT/rm-'cifV : -'-- : ¦'¦* LARS,'>;from ¦ C5c
78c, gi.oo.v - ;1212-1214:MAEKET?ST^v; ?i^o.^ >^-
¦'• ; : v, _•• 'Between ' ; Tayl6r'"ahd' Jonea. 1 ,''-. ,.. .V' '^¦^T™?TT 1 ™"""^^" 1 "
ADVEBTISTSTVrRNTS.
And Other Itching, Burning*
Scaly Eruptions with
Loss of Hair.
Speedy Cure Treatment Sl.00
Bstbe the aff ectetTparts with Hot Wster and Cotlctxra Soap, to cleanse
the surface of crusts arad "scales, and soften the thickened ' cuticle.
Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Ointment freely, to
allay Itching, irritation, and Inflammation, and soothe and heal, and
lastly, take Cuticura ttesolvent Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood.
A single set Is often sufficient to cure the most tortur'ng, disfiguring,
Itching, burning, scaly, pimply humours, eczemas, rashes; Irritations,
and chaflngs, with loss of hair, when all else falls. / }
The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as la eczema; th« fright-
ful scattng, as in psoriasis; tbe loss of hair and crustin&of tho scalp, aa in
scalied bead; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and ringworm'; ths
awful suffering of tnfants and the au^ety of worn-out parents, as in milk
crost, tetter, and salt rheum, — all dezuad a remedy of almost superhuman
virtues to successfully cope with them, "uch are the CuncuaA remedies,
tbe purest, rweetest, most speedj and economical curatives for the skin,
scalp, and blood erer compounded- Mothers arc their warmest friends.
Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap
Assisted by CrmCTJRA OrNTiiCNT for preserving, purifying, tad beautifying
the ekia, lor cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the
acopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough,
and sore hands, for baby rashes and chaflngs, in the form of baths for
annoying irritations and fcxfl animations of women, or too free or offensive
perspiration, In the form of washes for' ulceratare weaknesses, asd many
senati»e, aatieeptic purposes which readily Ruggest themselves, as well as
tor all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. •. y
PIITIOIIOI DCCftl UCUT DII I C (ObocoUte Coated) axe a new, tasMtosfl.otio*.
uUllwUnA nLoULlLfil IlLLO »ess, economical ¦ubstitm* for the celc£>r*t»d
liquid Ootioosa Vjaourmsr, m well as lot aU ether blood purlflem and hunaoar cares.
Pat up la Bcsrow-cappod pocket -rials, containing 69 doses, prioe 33c Cutsovka. Poac are
altenttTa, utttsepoo, *mk>, aad dlcestiv©. mjaci the pttrest, sveetest, moat «ttoowwf nl tmA
•OQMcxftcal «< bto«d aadakin paxlfien. bamov cure*. aAd tooic-diee*tlT«».
Piiibi—i !!¦¦¦ H rtiiiitfinn ttiiII S^tr. iM, Ofmaatx. J8e^ fni* »>. M»«ii|in
y.g.O«itu*iMi L«e**po- rmfh Dnoli < Km 4« Is Vmx. Partv Torxm* D*xm *r» Cuil (>«*,
BeSTtnp^Bltl ¦.y.XA. -JJ.tw«t Cx.fi kin. Sc»l». MxieUli.- Uf*.
We will open very soon on Post / 1
street an institution different from any >^^«>^
heretofore existing in the West. It
will be called the Sorosis Shoe Parlor, N
and will be modeled on the lines of the - 1
great Sorosis stores of New York, Lon- I
don, Paris and Berlin. Ladies who are 'V I
shopping will find it a most delightful Vmx^lll
resting place while downtown. " Recep- \ yw \MI
tion-room, reading-room, writing-room, I ' Vi
retiring-room, free telephone, maid in I "UuV
waiting — and countless little conven- J Ml
iences will make the Sorosis Shoe Par- I \|]1
lor a most convenient and comfortable \JB^/%\ *\||
place to meet one's friends and spend k|||P^ \\ I
a pleasant hour. |p^^^J ( I
50 THIRD STREET,
Second Shoe Store from Market. \ "l'.'>~'- -"'-•¦_.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I NO POISON
Has Ever Been Found
I in the Enamel of j
I AGATE NICKEI^STEEL
KitcktiUtenMls
TheBLUE LABEL
Protected by Decision cf United States Court v
Pasted on Every Piece
PROVES IT.
If substitutes are offered.write us
This trade-mark is on every piece
I of genuine Agate Ware.- X
Sold by' First-class Department and Houae-
farnlahins Stores. Send for new Booklet.
LALANCE & GROSJEAN MfG. CO.
mm TQgg BO9TO3 OnCAGO
Ricl\e3t I
Flavored
Coffee
. - . • - - 'Grown
50^ Pound • . • pj,oWe BuA 5 10
THE KONA KOFFEE K0MPANY
Sole A§*enta ,
145 StOCXtOn St. net^Oefciji
OPP. City of P>rU Dry Cooda Com w? v«v
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and Dyspepsia
drinx
Best NATURAL Alkaiinei Water
' 220 BROADWAT. S. T.
»A^5ttfca-. '• VeaI< Eye* Strengthened
Painful or inOamed eye* ln-
tajotfegfrst^ stantly relieved witnGKORGE
5*^7.7 **j4? MAYERLE"3 German Ey«
S5*S*f Water. BOc, at 1071 • Market
tX ~ Tel " Soutn 5 " 2 - None ssn- •
..^n—- . uiu e wltnout this trademark.